SSh 


J.  I  F  E 


OP 


AVILLIAM   WIRT. 


^,  JHE  NEW  YORK 
LIBRARY 


ASTOf 
TIT  r 


X  AND 


^  'i-'is'DATIONS 
L 


// 


^^^J2  ^^Z^ 


Engraved  by  A.B.  Walter  from  a  Portrait  by  Chades  B,  King 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD,  PHILADELPHIA,  1849. 


MEMO  1  li  S 


OF 


THE   LIFE 


OF 


WILLIAM    W  I  R  T 


ATTORNEY    GENERAL     OP    THE     U.NITKI)    STATES, 


BY 


■^ 


JOHN    P.    KENNEDY. 


IxN    TWO    VOLUMES. 


VOL.    I. 


P  HI  L  A  D  E  L  P  II  I  A  : 
LEA    AND    BLANC  HARD. 


1849. 


I   > , J       >    • It 


EnteekDj  according  to  the  Act  of  Congress,  in  the  year  1849,  by 

LEA    AND    BLANCHARD, 

In  the  Clerk's  Office  of  the  District  Court  for  the  Eastern  District  of  Pennsylvania. 


PRINTED    BY    J.    D.    TOT. 


TO    THE 

YOUNG  MEN  OF  THE  UNITED  STATES. 

WHO      SEEK     FOR      GUIDANCE      TO      AN     HONORABLE      TAME, 

THESE     ME  MOIR  S 
ARE    RESPECTFULLY    INSCRIBED, 

THE    AUTHOR. 
BA(.-nMOBE,  April  12,  1849. 


VOL.   1—1* 


V 


CONTENTS     VOL.    I. 


Introduction 13 

CHAPTER-  I. 

Parentage  of  William  Wirt. — His  Birth. — Will  of  Jacob  Wirt.— Patri- 
mony.— Autobiographical  Memoir  of  Ten  Years. — Bladensburg. — The 
Schoolmaster. — Mother  and  Aunt. — A  Thunderstorm. — Old  Inhabitants  of 
Bladensburg. — The  Dancing  Master. — A  Ghost  Story. — Performance  on  the 
Slack  Wire. — Lee's  Legioa. — The  Young  Drummer. — Mr.  Rogers'  School  in 
Georgetown. — Mrs.  Schoolfield. — Mrs.  Love  and  her  Family. — Rural  Life 
and  its  Images. — Mr.  Dent's  School,  Charles  County. — Alexander  Camp- 
bell.— The  Peace. — Day  Dreams. — Colonel  Lee. — Mr,  Hunt's  School  in 
Montgomery. — Early  Acquaintances. — Music. — A  Fox  Hunt.       ...     15 


CHAPTER    II. 

Imaginative  Temperament. — His  Studies. — Wholesome  Influence  of  Mr. 
Hunt. — His  Library. — Sketches  by  Cruse. — Verse  Making. — First  Literary 
Effort,  a  Prose  Satire  on  the  Usher. — Its  Consequences. — A  School  Inci- 
dent.— A  Victory. — Visit  to  the  Court  House  of  Montgomery. — Mr.  Dor- 
sey. — The  Moot  Court. — Its  Constitution. — School  Exercises.     ...      41 

CHAPTER  III. 

Friends. — Peter  A.  Carnes. — Benjamin  Edwards. — Ninian  Edwards. — 
Becomes  a  Tutor  in  Mr.  Edwards'  Family, — Useful  Employment  of  his 
Time. — Studies. — Journey  to  Georgia. — Returns  to  Montgomery  and  Studies 
Law  with  W.  P.  Hunt. — Removes  to  Virginia. — Studies  with  Mr.  Swann. — 
Is  admitted  to  Practise  by  the  Culpepper  Court 49 

CHAPTER   IV. 

His  Library. — First  Case. — DiflSculties  Attending  it. — Is  assisted  by  a 
Friend. — A  Triumph. — His  Companionable  Cluahtes. — Habits  of  Desultory 
Study. — Practises  in  Albemarle 57 


5  CONTENTS 

CHAPTER   V. 

Albemarle  Friends.— Dr.  Gilmer. — Mr.  Jeflferson,  Mr.  Madison  and  Mr. 
Monroe. — James  Barbour. — ^Marries  Mildred  Gilmer. — Pen  Park. — Dr.  Gil- 
mer's Library. — Hospitality  of  the  Country. — Dangers  to  which  he  was 
exposed. — Character  of  the  Bar. — His  Popularity  and  Free  Habits. — Francis 
Walker  Gilmer. — Thomas  W.  Gilmer,  late  Secretary  of  the  Navy. — Dabney 
Carr  and  His  Family. — Anecdote  of  Barbour,  Carr  and  Wirt. — State  of 
Flu.— Death  of  Dr.  Gilmer.— Rose  Hill.— Letter  to  Carr.   .....      63 

CHAPTER    VL 

Happy  Life  at  Pen  Park. — Misfortune. — Death  of  his  Wife. — Religious 
Impressions. — Determines  to  Remove  to  Richmond. — Elected  Clerk  to  the 
House  of  Delegates. — New  Acquaintances. — Patrick  Henry. — Resolutions  of 
Ninety-Eight. — Re-elected  Clerk  at  two  succeeding  Sessions. — Temptations 
to  Free  Living. — Trial  of  C  alien  der  for  a  Libel  under  the  Sedition  Law. — 
Wirt,  Hay  and  Nicholas  defend  Him. — Course  of  the  Trial. — A  Singular 
Incident. — Judge  Chase. — Nullification. — Fourth  of  July  Oration. — Embar- 
rassed Elocution 74 

CHAPTER    VII. 

Elected  to  the  Post  of  Chancellor. — Value  of  this  Appointment. — Reasons 
for  Accepting  it. — Col.  Robert  Gamble. — Courtship. — A  Theatrical  Inci- 
dent.— Second  Marriage. — Removes  to  Williamsburg. — Letters  to  Carr. — 
Resigns  the  Chancellorship  and  determines  to  go  to  Norfolk 87 

CHAPTER    VIII. 

Commences  Practice  in  Norfolk. — Professional  Success. — Letter  to  Pope. — 
Comments  on  the  Parsimony  of  Judicial  Salaries.  —  Birth  of  his  Eldest 
Child. — Religious  Sentiments. — Trial  of  Shannon. — Singular  Case  of  Cir- 
cumstantial Evidence. — Removes  his  Residence  to  Norfolk 101 

CHAPTER    IX. 

The  British  Spy. — Enemies  made  by  it. — Letters  to  Carr,  with  some  An- 
ecdotes connected  with  the  Publication  of  the  Spy. — His  Opinion  of  that 
Work 109 


CONTENTS. 


CHAPTER    X. 


Success  at  Norfolk. — Project  of  a  Biographical  Work.—  Patrick  Henry. — 
St.  George  Tucker. — Letter  to  this  Gentleman. — The  Rainbow. — Letter  to 
Edwards • 124 


CHAPTER   XL 

Increasing  Reputation. — Dislike  of  Criminal  Trials. — Meditates  a  Return 
to  Richmond. — An  Old  Fashioned  Wedding  at  Williamsburg. — Letters. — A 
Distaste  for  Political  Life 140 


CHAPTER   XIL 

Removes  to  Richmond. — A  Professional  Case  of  Conscience. — Defence 
of  Swinney. — Chancellor  Wythe. — Judge  Cabell. — Letter  to  Mrs.  W.  on 
Swinney's  Case. — Fondness  for  Music. — Letter  to  F.  W.  Gilmer. — Recollec- 
tions of  Pen  Park 150 

CHAPTER   Xin. 

Aaron  Burr  brought  to  Richmond. — Indicted  for  Treason. — Wirt  retained 
as  Counsel  by  the  Government. — The  Trial, — Some  of  its  Incidents. — The 
Asperity  of  Counsel. — Extracts  of  the  Argument 161 

CHAPTER   XIV. 

Burr's  Trial  Continued. — The  Principal  Argument  in  the  Case.— Notices  of 
Wirt's  Share  in  it. — Mr.  Mercer's  Testimony. — His  Description  of  Blanner- 
hasset's  Residence. — Other  Incidents  of  the  Trial 177 

CHAPTER   XV. 

Public  Agitation. — ^The  Affair  of  the  Leopard  and  Chesapeake. — Expec- 
tation of  War. — Fourth  of  July. — Letter  to  Judge  Tucker. — Wirt  Projects 
the  Raising  of  a  Legion. — Correspondence  with  Carr  in  regard  to  it. — The 
Project  meets  Opposition. — -Finally  Abandoned. — War  Arrested. — The 
Embargo.    . 207 


10  CONTENTS. 

CHAPTER   XVI. 

Increasing  Reputation. — Mr.  Jefferson  Proposes  to  him  to  go  into  Con- 
gress.— He  Declines. — Determines  to  Adhere  to  his  Profession. — He  Defends 
Mr.  Madison  Against  the  Protest. — Letters  of  "One  of  the  People." — Unex- 
pectedly put  in  Nomination  for  the  Legislature. — Letter  to  Mrs.  W.  on  this 
Event. — His  Repugnance  to  it. — Is  Elected. — Correspondence  with  Mr.  Mon- 
roe.— Letters  to  Carr  and  Edwards 226 

CHAPTER    XVII. 

His  Service  in  the  Legislature. — Preference  for  Private  Life. — Letters  to 
Edwards. — Literary  Dreams. — Acrimony  of  Party  Pohtics. — Education. — 
Misgivings  in  regard  to  the  Government 259 

CHAPTER    XVIII. 

Resumes  the  purpose  of  Writing  the  Biography  of  Patrick  Henry. — 
Consults  Mr.  Jefferson  on  this  Subject. — Letters  to  Carr. — New  England 
Oratory. — The  Sentinel. — Letter  to  B.  Edwards. — Death  of  Col.  Gamble. — 
The  Old  Bachelor. — Letters  Concerning  it 275 

CHAPTER   XIX. 

The  Old  Bachelor. — Contributors  to  it. — Character  of  the  Work. — Amusing 
Correspondence  between  Wirt  and  Carr  in  Reference  to  it. — Carr's  Promo- 
tion to  the  Bench. — The  post  of  Attorney  General  Vacant. — Wirt  Spoken 
of. — His  Thoughts  upon  it. — Letter  to  his  Daughter. — Employed  by  Mr. 
Jefferson  in  the  Batture  Case. — Correspondence  with  Mr.  J.  in  reference  to 
Duane. — Mr.  Madison  and  Mr.  Gallatin 295 

CHAPTER   XX. 

The  War. — Its  Excitements. — Wirt  Declines  a  Commission  in  the  Army. — 
Volunteer  Soldiery. — Life  of  Henry. — Burning  of  the  Richmond  Theatre. — 
Governor  Smith. — Carr  Appointed  Chancellor, and  Removes  to  Winchester. — 
Letters  to  him. — W.  Attempts  to  Write  a  Comedy. — Judge  Tucker's  Opinion 
of  the  Influence  of  such  Literature  on  Professional  Character. — Difficulty  of 
Comedy. — Professional  DignUy. — Richmond  Bar. — Anecdote  of  a  Trial 
between  Wickham  and  Hay. — Epigram. — Warden. — Letter  to  Carr. — Tired 
of  the  Old  Bachelor. — Biography. — Letter  from  Judge  Tucker  on  this  Sub- 


CONTENTS.  11 

ject. — Incidents  of  the  War. — British  Ascend  to  City  Point. — Wirt  Raises  a 
Corps  of  Flying  Artillery.— Letter  to  Mrs.  W.— To  Dabney  Carr.— Gilmer, 
a  Student  of  Law. — Letter  of  Advice  to  him 333 


CHAPTER    XXL 

Contentment. — Prosperous  Condition. — Letters  to  Carr. — To  Mr.  Lomax. — 
Opinion  of  Cicero. — Views  of  the  War. — Extravagant  Opinions. — Letter  to 
Gilmer. — Campaigning. — Insubordination  of  the  Militia. — Visit  to  Washing- 
ton.— Congress. — Unfavorable  Aspect  of  Affairs. — Madison. — Webster. — 
Aversion  to  Public  Life. — Engagement  in  the  Supreme  Court. — Post- 
poned  3G5 

CHAPTER    XXII. 

Visits  Washington  to  Attend  the  Court. — Returns. — Peace  Restored  by  the 
Treaty  of  Ghent. — Letter  to  Gilmer. — Resumes  the  Biography  of  Henry. — 
Difficulties  of  this  Work. — Scantiness  of  Material. — The  Author  weary  of  it. — 
Letter  to  Carr  on  the  Subject. — Dabney  Carr  the  Elder. — The  Origin  of  the 
Continental  Congress. — Peter  Carr. — Letters  to  Carr  and  Gilmer. — George 
Hay  Resigns  the  Post  of  District  Attorney. — Wirt  Recommends  Upshur  to 
the  President. — Moderation  of  Political  Feeling. — Mr.  Madison  Appoints 
Wirt  to  the  Office. — Correspondence  in  Reference  to  this  Appointment. — 
Makes  his  Debut  in  the  Supreme  Court. — Encounters  Pinkney. — His 
Opinion  of  Pinkney. — Letter  to  Gilmer. — Letter  to  Carr  on  "The  Path  of 
Pleasure,"  and  his  Opinion  of  this  Dramatic  Attempt. — Correspondence  with 
Mr.  Jefferson  on  the  Subject  of  the  Biography. — Letter  to  Richard 
Morris 384 


INTRODUCTION. 


A  NARRATIVE  of  the  life  of  William  Wirt  will  present  us 
the  career  of  one  who,  springing  from  an  humble  origin,  was 
enabled  to  attain  to  high  distinction  amongst  his  countrymen. 
Whether  the  incidents  of  tliat  career  are  sufficiently  striking  to 
communicate  any  high  degree  of  interest  to  his  biography,  the 
reader  will  determine  for  himself  in  the  perusal  of  these  pages. 
Mr.  Wirt's  life  was,  in  great  part,  that  of  a  student.  His  youth- 
ful days  were  passed  in  preparation  for  his  profession.  His  man- 
hood was  engrossed  by  forensic  labors.  Old  age  found  him 
crowned  with  the  honors  of  a  faithfully  earned  juridical  renown. 

His  social  life  was  one  of  great  delight  to  his  friends.  It  was 
embellished  with  all  the  graces  which  a  benevolent  heart,  a  play- 
ful temper  and  a  happy  facility  of  discourse  were  able  to  impart. 
With  mankind,  beyond  the  circle  of  his  personal  friends,  he  had 
no  great  acquaintance.  He  w^as  not  much  of  a  traveller.  Oc- 
casionally touching  upon  the  confines  of  political  life,  he  was, 
nevertheless,  but  scantily  entitled  to  be  called  a  statesman.  For 
twelve  years  Attorney  General  of  the  United  States,  and  con- 
sequently a  member  of  the  Cabinet  through  three  Presidential 
terms,  his  participation  in  government  afi'airs  went  very  little 
beyond  the  professional  duties  of  his  office.  He  had  a  strong 
talent  and,  Muth  it,  an  eager  inclination  for  literary  enterprise. 
To  indulge  these  was  the  most  ardent  wish  of  his  mnid ;  but 
the  pressure  of  his  circumstances  kept  him  under  a  continual 
interdict.     What  he  has  given  to  the  world,  therefore,  in  this  kind, 

VOL.  1—2 


14  INTRODUCTION. 


is  small  in  amount,  and  given  under  conditions  that  should  almost 
disarm  criticism.  The  iew  works  which  he  has  left  behind,  how- 
ever, will  be  found  to  merit,  as  in  his  lifetime  they  received,  the 
praise  due  to  the  productions  of  an  instructive  and  pleasant  writer. 

A  life  confined  to  the  pursuits  indicated  in  this  sketch,  may  not 
be  expected  to  charm  the  reader  by  the  significance  of  its  events. 
It  is  much  more  a  life  of  reflection  than  of  action;  more  a  life  of 
character  than  of  incident.  I  have  to  present  to  the  world  a  man 
greatly  beloved  for  his  social  virtues,  the  illustrations  of  which  are 
daily  fading  away  with  the  fading  memories  of  contemporary 
friends,  now  reduced  to  a  few  survivors:  a  man  of  letters  and 
strong  literary  ambition,  but  who  had  not  the  leisure  to  gratify  a 
taste  in  the  indulgence  of  which  he  might  have  attained  to  high 
renown:  a  public  functionary,  who  had  no  relish  for  politics,  and 
who  was,  consequently,  but  little  identified  with  that  public  his- 
tory which  so  otlen  imparts  the  only  value  to  biography:  a  lawyer 
who,  with  a  full  measure  of  contemporary  fame,  has  left  but  little 
on  record  by  which  the  justice  of  that  fame  might  be  estimated. 

These  are  the  chief  impediments  to  the  success  of  the  task  I 
have  assumed.  Yet  I  do  not  fear  that,  from  the  material  at  mv 
disposal,  I  shall  be  able  to  furnish  an  agreeable  image  of  a  man 
whose  character  will  win  the  atfections  of  the  generation  which 
succeeds  him,  as  it  did  of  those  amongst  whom  he  lived. 


LIFE   OF  WILLIAM  WIRT. 


CHAPTER    I. 

1772—1783. 

PAREXTAGE     OF    WILLrAAI     WIRT.— HIS     BIRTH —WILL     OF    JACOB     WIRT— 
PATRIMONY— AUTOBIOGRAPHICAL  MEMOIR  OFTEN  YEARS — BLADENSBURG. 

—THE     SCHOOLMASTER MOTHER    AND    AUNT.— A    THUNDERSTORM.— OLD 

INHABITANTS      OF      BLADENSBURG— THE      DANCING      MASTER.— A     GHOST 

STORY PERFORMANCE  ON  THE  SLACK  WIRE LEE'S  LEGION.— THE  YOUNG 

DRUMMER.— MR.  ROGERS'  SCHOOL  IN  GEORGETOWN.— MRS.  SCHOOLFIELD. 
—MRS.  LOVE  AND  HER  FAMILY.— RURAL  LIFE  AND  ITS  IMAGES — MR.  DENT'S 
SCHOOL,  CHARLES  COUNTY.— ALEXANDER  CAMPBELL.— THE  PEACE.— DAY 
DREAMS.— COLONEL  LEE.— MR.  HUNT'S  SCHOOL  IN  MONTGOMERY — EARLY 
ACaUAINT.\NCES MUSIC A   FOX    HUNT. 

Those  who  best  remember  William  Wirt,  need  not  be  reminded 
how  distinctively  his  face  and  figure  suggested  his  connection  with 
the  German  race.  The  massive  and  bold  outline  of  his  counte- 
nance, the  clear,  kind,  blue  eye,  the  light  hair  falling  in  crisp  and 
numerous  curls  upon  a  broad  forehead,  the  high  arching  eyebrow, 
the  large  nose  and  ample  chin  might  recall  a  resemblance  to  the 
portrait  of  Goethe.  His  height  rather  above  six  feet,  his  broad 
shoulders,  capacious  chest  and  general  fullness  of  development 
were  equally  characteristic  of  his  Teutonic  origin.  The  ever 
clianging  expression  of  his  eye  and  lip,  at  one  moment  sobered 
with  deep  thought,  and  in  the  next  radiant  with  a  rich,  lurking, 
quiet  humor  that  might  be  seen  coming  up  from  the  depths  of  his 
heart  and  provoking  a  laugh  before  a  word  was  said — these  were 
traits  which  enlivened  whatever  might  be  supposed  to  be  saturnine 
in  the  merely  national  cast  of  his  features. 


16  PARENTAGE   AND    BIRTH.  [1772—1783. 

His  father,  Jacob  Wirt,  was  from  Switzerland  :*  his  mother, 
Henrietta,  was  a  German.  Jacob,  with  his  brother  Jasper  Wirt, 
had  settled  in  Bladensburg,  in  Maryland,  some  years  before  the 
war  of  the  Revolution.  Jacob  had  six  children,  three  sons  and 
three  daughters,  of  whom  William  was  the  youngest.  He  had 
gathered  some  little  property  in  Bladensburg  and  supported  his 
family  there  chiefly  by  keeping  a  tavern,  the  avails  of  which, 
together  with  some  small  rents  accruing  from  a  few  lots  in  the 
village,  enabled  him,  in  an  humble  way,  to  maintain  a  comfortable 
household. 

William  was  born  on  the  8th  of  November,  in  the  year  1772. 
In  less  than  two  years  after  this  date,  Jacob  Wirt  died,  leaving  a 
small  heritage  to  be  divided  between  his  wife  and  children.  His 
will,  which  is  on  record  in  Prince  George's  county,  assigns  to  his 
wife  Henrietta  "  one  half  lot  of  ground  in  Bladensburg,  No.  5, 
on  which  the  billiard  room  is  built,  and  on  which  I  am  now  build- 
ing a  new  house."  After  her  death  this  lot  was  to  "be  appraised 
and  to  descend  to  my  eldest  son,  Jacob  Wirt,  provided  he  pay  out 
of  the  appraised  value  of  said  house  and  half  lot,  to  each  of  my 
other  children,  one  equal  part,  share  and  share  alike,  to  wit:  to 
my  daughters  Elizabeth,  Catharine  and  Henrietta,  and  my  sons 
Uriah-Jasper  and  William, — to  each  and  every  of  which  I  give 
and  bequeath  one  equal  part  of  the  appraised  value  of  the  above 
premises."  The  will  mentions,  besides  this  property,  "  the  brick 
store  in  Bladensburg,"  rented  at  twenty-five  pounds  sterling  per 
annum  to  Cunningham  and  Co.; — and  "my  tavern  in  which  I  now 
reside,  with  the  back  buildings,  stables  and  lot,  also  the  counting 
house  before  the  tavern  door  and  the  smith  shop."  W^e  have 
also  a  reference  to  two  lots  of  ground  in  "Hamburg  near  George- 
town," and  some  personal  estate. 

This  is  a  summary  of  all  the  worldly  goods  which  Jacob  Wirt, 
in  the  year  1774,  left  to  be  divided  between  his  wife  and  six 
children.  Henrietta  Wirt,  the  mother  of  the  family,  died  before 
William  attained  his  eighth  year.  How  much  of  the  property 
we  have  enumerated  remained  in  the  family  at  that  period,  we 

*  The  name  of  Wirt  or  Wirth  is  familiar  to  the  annals  of  Switzerland.  The 
reader  conversant  with  the  history  of  the  Reformation,  will  remember  the  unhappy 
fate  of  Adam  Wirth,  the  deputy  bailiff  of  Stammheim,  and  his  two  sons,  John  and 
Adrian,  at  Baden  in  1524. 


CHAP.  I]  PATRIMONY.— AUTOBIOGRAPHY.  17 


have  no  means  of  knowing.  The  whole  value  of  these  Bladens- 
burg  and  Hamburg  lots,  we  may  conjecture,  amounted  to  no  great 
suni, — perhaps  not  more  than  three  or  four  thousand  dollars. 
Divided,  it  afforded  but  small  provision  for  each  of  the  children. 

It  is  probable  that  William  was  born  in  the  little  hotel  of  the 
village,  mentioned  in  the  will ;  and  as  this  building  is  directed  to 
be  rented  out,  we  may  suppose  that  the  family  moved  after  the 
death  of  Jacob  Wirt,  to  the  "new  house"  on  lot  No.  5.  I  have, 
in  vain,  endeavored  to  ascertain  in  the  village,  from  its  present 
inhabitants,  the  truth  of  these  conjectures  or  to  identify  either  of 
the  houses  referred  to. 

There  are  but  few  memorials  of  the  family  left.  Humble  labor 
with  its  lowly  roof  and  frugal  board  may  find  a  happy  fireside, 
but  it  has  kw  chroniclers.  What  is  accessible  to  us  of  the  his- 
tory of  that  fireside,  in  whose  rays  the  infancy  of  William  Wirt 
found  a  cheerful  and  healthy  light,  we  owe  chiefly,  almost  wholly, 
to  a  pleasant  and  playful  memoir  which  the  subject  of  it,  then  At- 
torney General  of  the  United  States,  wrote  at  the  request  of  his 
children,  in  1825,  to  amuse  them  with  recollections  which,  it  is 
easy  to  discern,  still  more  delighted  himself. 

This  little  fragment  of  autobiography  runs  over  the  first  ten 
years  of  the  author's  childhood.  It  is  a  homely,  warm-hearted  re- 
membrance of  a  simple  time,  sketched,  with  a  lively  pencil,  by 
one  who  never  lost  sight  in  the  zenith  of  a  brilliant  fame  of  his 
obligations  to  those  who  watched  his  first  steps  and  protected  his 
earliest  infancy. 

I  shall  extract  from  these  reminiscences  what  I  find  useful  to  my 
present  purpose,  without  venturing  to  submit  the  whole  to  the  eye 
of  the  public.  They  dwell  upon  incidents  which,  however  grateful 
in  the  telling  to  tliat  affectionate  circle  to  whom  the  memoir  was 
addressed,  and  who  could  find  in  it  a  thousand  memories  of  family 
endearment,  would,  I  am  fearful,  be  considered  sometimes  too 
trivial  to  excite  the  interest  of  those  who  are  strangers  to  the 
genial  spirit  and  household  mirthfulness  of  the  writer.  Even  for 
the  extracts  which  I  may  submit,  I  must  deprecate,  on  this  score, 
the  too  rigid  criticism  or  fastidious  comment  of  my  reader, — asking 
him  to  remember  that  a  father,  discoursing  to  his  children  as- 
sembled around  their  own  hearth,  on  topics  which  derive  their 
agreeable  savour  from  their  love  to  him,  may  claim  a  dramatic  pri- 
VOL.  1 — 2* 


18  BLADENSBURG.  [1772—1733. 

vilege  from  the  critic,  to  have  his  performance  judged  by  its  adap- 
tation to  the  scene,  the  time,  the  place  and  the  persons. 

With  this  endeavor  to  forestall  the  judgment  of  the  reader, — in- 
deed to  bespeak  his  good  nature — towards  what  it  is  proposed  to 
disclose  of  the  memoir,  I  would  remark,  by  way  of  comment  on 
the  greater  portion  of  these  extracts,  that  Mr.  Wirt's  character 
was,  to  the  latest  period  of  his  life,  singularly  impressed  by  the 
vivacity  of  his  imagination.  He  was  greatly  sensitive  to  the  in- 
fluence which  this  predominance  of  the  ideal  had  in  shaping  his 
career,  and  has  endeavored  in  the  memoir,  to  trace  the  source  of 
some  distinctive  currents  of  his  life  to  the  impressions  made  upon 
his  imagination  in  childhood.  Every  one  has  felt  these  influences 
in  greater  or  less  degree,  and  most  persons  may  be  able  to  tind  in 
their  own  history  some  particular  complexion  of  mind  or  form  of 
habit  and  opinion  traceable  to  such  causes.  In  Mr.  Wirt  the  effect 
of  such  influences  was  visible,  in  a  very  striking  degree,  to  his 
friends.  This  may,  perhaps,  appear  also  to  the  reader  in  the 
course  of  this  biography. 

Bladensburg  has  been,  for  many  years  past,  a  quiet, — I  may  even 
say,  without  meaning  unfriendly  disparagement — a  drowsy  and 
stagnant  little  village,  well  known  by  its  position  on  the  wayside 
of  a  great  thoroughfare  to  the  national  metropolis,  from  which  it 
is  but  a  few  miles  distant.  It  is  somewhat  famous  in  our  annals, 
not  only  as  a  neutral  ground  where  many  a  personal  combat  has 
decided  what  the  world  has  chosen  to  call  a  point  of  honor,  but 
also  as  the  field  where  higher  questions  were  put  to  mortal  arbi- 
trement,  when  the  British  army,  in  1814,  disputed  with  an  Ameri- 
can host  for  the  possession  of  the  capital.  For  many  years  past, — 
from  a  date  before  the  commencement  of  the  present  century, — 
this  village  has  been  not  only  stationary  in  its  growth,  but  even 
falling  gradually  away  under  the  touch  of  time.  During  a  great 
portion  of  this  period,  it  was  enlivened  by  the  daily  transit  of 
some  half  dozen  or  more  mail  coaches,  plying  through  to  and  from 
the  capital  of  the  United  States.  Twice  a  day  the  silence  which 
brooded  over  its  streets  was  broken  by  the  blowing  of  horns,  the 
clamor  of  stable  boys  hurrying  with  fresh  relays  of  horses  to  the 
doors  of  rival  stage  houses,  and  by  the  rattle  of  rapidly  arriving 
and  departing  coaches.  But  even  these  transient  glories  have 
vanished.     The  rail  road,  which  touches  only  on  the  border  of 


CHAP.  I.]  THE    SCHOOLMASTER.  19 

the  village,  has  now  displaced  the  old  stage  coach,  and  the  village 
slumbers  are  no  longer  broken. 

Previous  to  the  Revolutionary  war  this  village  had  a  different 
fortune.  It  was  then  a  thrifty,  business-driving,  little  sea-port, 
profitably  devoted  to  the  tobacco  trade,  of  which  it  constituted, 
at  that  day,  quite  an  important  mart.  It  was  inhabited  by  some 
wealthy  factors  who  had  planted  themselves  there  in  connection 
with  trans-atlantic  houses,  and  whose  mode  of  living,  both  in  the 
character  of  their  dwellings  and  in  the  matter  of  personal  display, 
communicated  a  certain  show  of  opulence  to  the  town. 

Whilst  it  was  yet  in  its  flourishing  era,  William  Wirt  was  one 
of  the  children  most  familiar  to  its  firesides — a  lively,  shrewd, 
pleasant-tempered  and  beautiful  boy,  upon  whom  many  eyes  were 
turned  in  kindly  regard,  though  with  little  foresight,  perhaps,  of 
that  rising  fortune  to  which  he  was  destined. 

Touching  these  days  he  shall  now  speak  for  himself 

His  reminiscences  begin  at  some  three  or  four  years  of  age, 
when  he  was  first  sent  to  school.  It  does  not  often  fail  that  our 
strongest  recollection  of  infancy  goes  back  to  the  schoolmaster, — 
that  high  authority  whose  lineaments  are  indelibly  stamped  upon 
the  memory  of  childhood.  Who  does  not  remember  the  awe  and 
reverence  with  which  his  young  imagination  invested  the  peda- 
gogue beneath  whose  sceptre  he  was  first  taught  to  bow.''  To  the 
child  who,  yet  callow,  looks  tremblingly  upon  all  beyond  the 
roof-tree,  the  image  of  the  schoolmaster  is  the  embodiment  of  all 
power  and  all  knowledge — teacher,  sage,  seer,  magician.  The 
trace  he  leaves  of  his  form  and  face,  his  gait,  his  voice,  his  vest- 
ments, his  uprising  and  down  sitting,  incoming  and  outgoing  is  not 
a  thing  of  memory  merely, — it  is  an  assimilation  of  something  into 
our  organism,  an  incorporation  of  his  identity  with  our  own,  which 
we  perceive  as  we  perceive  ourselves  some  half  century  back. 

Our  present  reminiscence,  in  the  memoir,  naturally  begins  with 
this  image. 

"  The  schoolhouse  was  across  the  street  at  the  farther  corner 
of  the  opposite  square.  The  schoolmaster  was  Elisha  Crown,  an 
Englishman;  a  middle-sized  man,  stoop-shouldered,  spare,  rather 
thin-faced  and  of  a  dark  complexion.  He  wore  a  suit  of  blue 
cloth,  coat,  waistcoat  and  small  clothes,  with  black  horn  buttons, 
an  old-fashioned  cock-and-pinch  hat,  the  innch  in  front,  far  pro- 


20  MOTHER   AND    AUNT.  [1772—1783. 

jeded  and  sharp,  a  pair  of  silver  shoe  buckles, — and  was  a  very 
respectable  looking  old-fashioned  gentleman."  This  picture  may 
remind  us  of  Hogarth's  "  Politician,"  with  "the  pinch"  so  far 
projecting  that  the  candle  burns  a  hole  through  it. 

"  The  school  was  transferred  about  a  mile  into  the  country,  on 
what  was  then  the  road  from  Bladensburg  to  Georgetown,  Mr. 
Crown's  house  being  on  one  side  of  the  road  and  the  schoolhouse 
on  the  other — both  of  them  log  houses.  The  dwelling  house,  or 
a  house  built  on  the  same  site,  is  now  (1825)  standing,  and  the 
foundation  of  the  old  schoolhouse  is  still  visible.  The  land  and 
house  belonged  to  my  uncle  Jasper  Wirt,  whose  eldest  daughter 
Mr.  Crown  had  married,  and  whose  dwelling,  a  single-storied 
brick  house,  was  not  more  than  a  quarter  of  a  mile  off,  and  is  also 
still  standing." 

We  pass  now  from  the  schoolmaster  and  his  concerns,  to  an  in- 
cident connected  with  this  dwelling  of  Jasper  Wirt,  and  to  a 
pleasant  family  picture.  The  minute  recollection  of  this  inci- 
dent will  illustrate  that  sensitiveness  of  imagination  to  which 
we  have  referred. 

"  My  mother  had  come  over  from  Bladensburg,  one  summer 
evening,  on  a  visit  to  my  aunt,  and  after  school  I  went  down  to 
join  her.  My  aunt  dwells  upon  my  memory  in  strong  colors. 
She  was  a  tall  and  rather  large-framed  woman,  with  a  fair  com- 
plexion and  a  round  face,  that  must  have  been  handsome  in  her 
youth.  She  was  a  native  of  Switzerland,  and  had  a  cast  of  cha- 
racter that  made  her  worthy  of  the  land  of  William  Tell.  A 
kinder  being  never  lived.  She  was  full  of  all  the  charities  and 
courtesies  of  life,  always  ready  to  suggest  excuses  for  the  weak- 
nesses and  frailties  of  others,  yet  without  any  frailty  or  weakness 
of  her  own  that  I  could  discover. 

"She  was  religious,  a  great  reader  of  religious  books;  and  had 
a  large,  old  folio  German  Bible,  bound  either  in  wood  or  hard 
black  leather,  with  silver  or  brass  clasps.  Often  have  I  seen  her 
read  that  book  with  streaming  eyes  and  a  voice  half  choked  with 
her  feelings. 

"  On  the  evening  that  I  am  speaking  of,  there  was  one  of  the 
most  violent  thunderstorms  I  have  ever  witnessed.  My  aunt  got 
down  her  Bible  and  began  to  read  aloud.  As  the  storm  increased 
she  read  louder  and  louder.     My  mother  was  exceedingly  fright- 


CHAP.  I.]  A    THUNDERSTORM.  21 

ened.  She  was  one  of  the  most  tender  and  affectionate  of  beings; 
but  she  had  the  timidity  of  her  sex  in  an  extreme  degree, — and, 
indeed,  this  storm  was  enough  to  appal  the  stoutest  heart.  One 
flash  of  lightning  struck  a  tree  in  the  yard  and  ripped  off  a  large 
splinter,  which  it  drove  towards  us.  My  mother  shrieked  aloud, 
flew  behind  the  door  and  took  me  with  her.  My  aunt  remained 
firm  in  her  seat  and  noticed  the  peal  in  no  other  way  than  by  the 
increased  energy  of  her  voice.  This  was  the  first  thunderstorm 
I  remember.  I  never  got  over  my  mother's  contagious  terror  until 
I  became  a  man.  Even  then,  and  even  yet,  I  am  rendered  much 
more  uneasy  by  a  thunderstorm  than,  I  believe,  I  should  have  been 
if  my  mother  had,  on  that  occasion,  displayed  the  firmness  of 
my  aunt.  I  could  not  have  been  more  than  five  or  six  years  old 
when  this  happened.  The  incident  and  its  effect  on  me  show  the 
necessity  of  commanding  our  fears  before  our  children," 

Another  incident — 

"  On  our  way  home  from  the  schoolhouse  to  Bladensburg  the 
road  passed  by  an  old  field,  on  the  outer  margin  of  which  a  negro 
man  had  been  buried  who,  it  was  reported,  had  been  whipped  to 
death  by  his  master.  Besides  the  boys,  who  went  to  this  school 
from  Bladensburg,  there  were  several  from  the  neighborhood,  and, 
amongst  others,  one  whom  I  remember  only  as  Zack  Calvert. 
This  boy  had  one  evening  been  detained  at  school  after  all  the  rest 
of  us  had  gone  home,  and  had  to  pass  the  old  field  after  daylight 
was  gone.  The  next  morning — full  well  do  I  remember  how  he 
made  my  flesh  creep  and  my  hair  rise,  by  telling  us  that,  in  passing 
the  field,  the  night  before,  he  heard  a  whip-poor-will,  which  sate 
upon  the  gravestone  of  the  negro,  cry  out '  whip  him  well — whip 
him  well — whip  him  well,' — and  that  he  could  hear  a  voice  an- 
swering from  below  '  Oh  pray !' — It  was  the  first  time  that  a  su- 
perstitious emotion  entered  my  mind,  and  I  now  recall  how  dread- 
fully sublime  it  was.  My  heart  quaked,  and  yet  there  was  a  sort 
of  terrible  pleasure  in  it  which  I  cannot  define.  It  made  my  blood 
creep  with  horror  to  believe  it :  yet  I  would  not  have  had  it  false. 
That  terrible  field  was  never  afterwards  passed  at  twilight  without 
a  race,  in  which  I,  as  being  youngest,  was  always  behind  and  con- 
sequently most  exposed  to  the  danger  and  proportionably  terrified. 
I  do  not  yet  hear  a  whip-poor-will,  w^ithout  some  of  these  mis- 
givings of  my  childhood." 


22  OLD    INHABITANTS.  [1772— 17S3. 

These  are  trifles  in  the  review  of  them,  though  not  without 
some  small  interest  in  connection  with  the  person  who  has  thought 
them  worth  recollecting.  They  call  to  memory  some  charac- 
teristics which  his  personal  friends  will  not  fail  to  recognize. 

We  have  some  pleasant  descriptions  of  several  merchants  of 
Bladensburg  of  the  old  time  ; — of  Mr.  Christopher  Lowndes — the 
"tall,  spare  old  gentleman,  in  blue  broadcloth  and  plush,  and 
cocked  hat" — remarkable  for  his  politeness  and  sauvity  : — of  Mr. 
Robert  Dick,  the  silent,  thoughtful  man  of  business,  residing  in  a 
beautiful  mansion,  "  a  long  white  house  with  wings,  which  stood 
on  the  summit  of  the  Eastern  Ridge  which  overlooks  the  town:" — 
Mr.  Sidebotham,  a  stirring,  busy,  successful  merchant,  rosy  from 
good  living,  who,  in  the  old  fashion  of  Maryland,  had  his  bowl  of 
toddy  every  day — a  thorough  John  Bull,  "  proud,  rough,  absolute 
and  kind."  We  have  shorter  notices  of  Mr.  Henderson,  Mr. 
Huett  and  Doctor  Ross,  Messrs.  Campbell  and  Bruce,  factors, 
with  good  capital  at  command. — Mr.  Ponsonby  was  one  of  the 
magnates  of  the  village, — a  handsome  man,  graceful,  lively,  well 
informed,  and  somewhat  of  the  most  noticeable  for  his  beautiful 
bay  horse,  bright  silver  spurs,  stirrups,  bridle  bit  and  whip  mount- 
ings, all  of  glittering  silver — very  taking  to  the  eye  of  William 
Wirt  and  the  other  children  of  the  village. 

In  the  humbler  range  of  tiie  inhabitants  he  has  other  equally 
pleasant  memories. 

"  At  the  lower  end  of  the  town  towards  Baltimore,  the  house 
nearest  the  Eastern  Branch  was  occupied  by  old  Mr.  Martin, 
whom  we  used  to  call  Uncle  Martin — why,  I  know  not.  The 
Eastern  Branch  is  subject  to  heavy  freshets  which  have  flowed  up 
to  Mr.  Martin's  house,  and  sometimes  overflowed  the  whole  vil- 
lage. One  of  the  most  surprising  and  interesting  spectacles  to 
me,  in  those  days,  was  this  old  man  wading  up  to  his  waist, 
during  a  freshet,  and  harpooning  the  sturgeon.  It  was  a  whale 
fishery  in  miniature,  and  not  less  interesting  to  me  at  that  date. 
The  old  man  himself  was  an  odd  fish.  He  used  to  get  fuddled 
and  amuse  himself  with  singing  '  The  Cuckoo's  nest'  and  attempt- 
ing to  dance  a  hornpipe  to  the  tune  of  it.  He  was  fond  of  me  and 
petted  me  a  good  deal.  I  remember  him  with  kindness.  I  became 
myself  a  hornpipe  dancer  by  an  occasion  I  will  presently  mention, 
and  the  old  man  was  delighted  to  see  me  dance  to  '  the  Cuckoo's 


CHAP.  I.]  THE    DANCING    MASTER.  23 

nest' sung  by  himself.  His  second  daughter  was  a  beautiful  girl 
whom  I  can  just  remember.  The  oldest  son  of  my  Uncle  Jasper 
was  in  love  tvith  her,  and  I  have  a  recollection  of  having  heard 
him  take  leave  of  her,  when  he  was  going  to  sea  to  seek  his  for- 
tune. He  was  accompanied  by  my  eldest  brother.  They  never 
returned  nor  were  ever  heard  of  afterwards." 

"  I  must  not  forget  Colonel  Tattison,  as  he  called  himself  in 
Maryland — Col.  Degraves,  as  he  called  himself  in  Virginia, — the 
French  dancing  master,  whom  I  remember  as  a  most  symmetrical, 
elegant  and  graceful  person.  To  teach  the  new-fashioned  minuet 
which  he  introduced  into  Bladensburg,  he  used  to  mark,  for 
beginners,  a  large  Z  on  the  floor  of  the  dancing  room  with  chalk, 
and  that  letter  gave  the  figure  of  the  dance.  The  house  in  which 
the  school  was  kept  stood  some  several  hundred  yards  from  where 
I  lived,  but  whilst  I  was  yet  in  petticoats,  I  used  to  steal  away 
from  home  to  see  Tattison  dance  his  minuet. — My  eldest  sister,  a 
beautiful  brunette,  not  then  fully  grown,  was  one  of  his  scholars, 
and  very  nearly  as  good  a  dancer  as  her  teacher.  It  is  not  in 
imitative  childhood  to  admire  any  thing  as  I  did  the  minuet,  with- 
out learning  immediately  to  dance  it;  and,  of  course,  being  a  mere 
child,  I  soon  became  a  subject  of  admiration  myself  as  a  minuet 
dancer.  I  remember  that  at  the  wedding  of  the  eldest  daughter  of 
that  John  Martin,  whom  I  have  mentioned,  my  sister  put  a  cocked 
hat  on  my  head  and  took  me  out  to  exiiibit  me  and  herself  in  the 
French  minuet — the  graceful  management  of  the  hat,  putting  it  on 
and  off,  being  an  essential  part  of  the  dance.  The  old  school- 
master, Mr.  Crown,  was  present,  and  being  much  dissatisfied  with 
the  admiration  lavished  on  the  French  dance  (solely  because  it  was 
French)  he  took  out  a  lady  to  shew  how  much  superior  the  old 
English  minuet  was.  That  was  danced  in  the  figure  8,  and  like 
the  French,  by  a  gentleman  and  lady  only.  In  passing  each  other 
in  the  centre  of  the  figure,  there  was  a  moment  when  the  gentle- 
man and  his  partner  were  back  to  back.  The  minuet  time  and 
step  being  very  slow,  this  uncourtly  relation  was  continued  until 
the  parties  arrived  at  the  ends  of  the  figure  and  faced  about. 

"  Mr.  Crown  considered  it  the  quintescence  of  politeness  to 
abbreviate  this  period,  by  setting  off  in  full  run  to  gain  the  upper 
end  and  present  his  face.  The  old  gentleman's  dress — his  sharp 
cock-and-pinch,  his  long  waisted  blue  coat,  his  red  waistcoat,  very 


24  A    GHOST   STORY. 


[1772—1783. 


long,  and  his  very  short  breeches — gave  him  an  air  so  grostesque, 
whilst  executing  this  run  to  the  extreme  end  of  the  room,  as  to 
produce  an  explosion  of  laughter.  Such — as  Camden  says  on  a 
somewhat  different  occasion — was  the  plain  and  jolly  mirth  of 
our  ancestors !" 

Here  follows  a  ghost  story — 

"There  was  another  incident  to  which  this  wedding  gave  rise. 
A  dance  was  given,  on  a  subsequent  night,  to  the  wedding  party, 
at  our  house.     When  the  company  had  danced  themselves  weary, 
Tattison  proposed  to  close  the  evening  by  raising  a  ghost.     The 
matrons  objected  to  it,  as  a  light  and  impious  trifling  with  solemn 
subjects ;  but  Tattison  assured  them,  with  equal  gravity,  that  he 
had  the  power  of  raising  any  ghost  they  would  call  for,  and  that 
he  could  give  them  conclusive  proof  of  it :  that  if  any  one  would 
go  up  stairs  and  consent  to  be  locked  up  in  the  room  farthest  re- 
moved from  the  company  below,  the  stair  door  should  also  be 
locked,  so  that  no  possible  communication  could  be  held  between 
the  person  above  and  those  below.     After  this  the  company  might 
fix  on  a  ghost  whom  he,  the  operator,  would  cause  to  appear  to 
the   person   up  stairs.      The  graver   part  of  the  company  still 
discouraged  the  experiment ;  but  the  curiosty  of  the  younger  and 
more  numerous  prevailed,  and  nothing  was  wanting  but  a  sitter 
up  stairs  to  enable  the  Frenchman  to  give  proof  of  his  skill  in  the 
black  art.     After  some  hesitation  amongst  all,  a  Mr.  Brice  of 
Alexandria  agreed  to  be  closeted.     He  was  accordingly  taken  up 
stairs.     The  door  of  the  room  into  which  he  was  introduced  was 
locked,  and  after  that  the  door  of  the  stair  below,  which  opened 
from  the  stairs  upon  the  dancing  room.     Tattison  then  asked  for 
a  shovel  of  live  coals,  some  salt,  brimstone  and  a  case   knife. 
Whilst  these  things  were  getting,  he  proposed  that  the  women 
should,  in  a  whispering  consultation,  agree  upon  the  ghost  to  be 
raised,  and  report  it  secretly  to  him.     This  was  done ;  and  the 
ghost  agreed  upon  was  to  be  that  of  John  Francis,  a  little,  super- 
annuated shoemaker,  who  had  died  some  few  years  before — in 
his  latter  days  a  ludicrous  person  whose  few  remaining  locks 
were  snowy  white,  with  a  nose  as  red  as  Bardolph's  and  eyes  of 
rheum — and  who  was  accustomed  to  sing,  with  a  paralytic  shake 
of  the  head  and  tremulous  voice, — 


CHAP.  I.]  GHOST    STORY.  25 

'What  did  we  come  here  for?  what  did  we  come  here  for? 

We  came  here  to  prittle  prattle. 

And  to  make  the  glasses  rattle ; 
And  that's  what  we  came  here  for.' 

"  The  habit  of  drink  was  so  inveterate  upon  him  that  he  had  not 
been  able  to  walk  for  some  years  before  his  death,  except  with 
the  help  of  another,  and  then  with  but  a  tottering  step.  The  an- 
nunciation of  his  name  was  answered  by  a  half  suppressed  laugh 
around  the  room.  The  difficulty  of  the  Frenchman's  task  was 
supposed  to  be  not  a  little  increased  by  attempting  to  make  John 
Francis's  ghost  walk  alone.  He,  however,  nothing  daunted, 
began  his  incantations,  which  consisted  of  sprinkling  salt  and  brim- 
stone on  the  coals,  muttering  over  them  a  charm  in  some  sort  of 
gibberish,  and  knocking  solemnly  on  the  stair  door  with  the  butt 
of  his  case  knife.  These  strokes  on  the  door  were  as  regular  as 
the  tolling  of  a  bell,  each  series  closing  with  a  double  knock;  then 
came  a  pause,  another  series  of  knocks  closed  by  another  double 
stroke,  and  so  on  to  the  end  of  the  ceremony. 

"  The  process  was  long  and  solemn,  and  there  was  something  in 
the  business  itself  and  in  the  sympathy  with  the  imagined  terrors  of 
the  witness  above,  which  soon  hushed  the  whole  assembly  into  a 
nervous  stillness  akin  to  that  of  young  children  listening  to  a  ghost 
story  at  midnight.     In  about  half  an  hour  the  ceremony  was  closed, 
in  a  shower  of  blows  and  the  agitated  cries  of  the  Frenchman. 
Brice  w^as  heard  to  fall  on  the  floor  above.     The  Frenchman 
rushed  up  stairs  at  the  head  of  several  of  the  company,  and  there 
our  sitter  was  found  on  the  floor  in  a  swoon.     He  was  brought  to 
with  the  aid  of  cold  water,  and  on  reviving  said  he  had  seen  a 
man  enter  the  room  with  a  coal  of  fire  on  his  nose,  and  on  his 
forehead  written  in  fire  the  name  of  John  Francis. — It  was  agreed, 
on  all  hands,  to  be  very  strange ;  and  many  shook  their  heads  sig- 
nificantly at  Tattison,  intimating  that  he  knew  more  than  he  ought, 
and  that  it  was  not  very  clear  he  was  fit  company  for  christian 
people.     No  one  was  disposed  to  renew  the  dance,  and  the  party 
broke  up.      The  Frenchman,  with  his  ciiaracteristic  politeness, 
flew  to  the  door  to  help  the  ladies  down  the  steps,  when  he  saw, 
standing  outside  of  the  door,  close  at  hand,  a  gigantic  phantom 
arrayed  in  white  and  arms  stretched  wide,  as  if  to  receive  him. 
He  shrieked,  leaped  from  the  steps  and  disappeared." 

VOL.  1—3 


26  THE   WIRE    DANCER.  [1772—1783. 

This  was  plot  and  counterplot. — Next  comes  that  wonder  of 
childhood,  the  Wire  Dancer,  with  his  balancings  and  other  accom- 
plishments. 

"About  the  same  period  when  Tattison  was  figuring  in  our 
village,  we  had  another  exhibition  still  better  fitted  to  gratify  my 
love  of  the  picturesque,  and  awaken  whatever  of  fancy  belonged 
to  me.  This  was  Mr.  Templeman,  a  dancer  on  the  slackwire. 
The  exhibition  was  in  Tattison's  dancing  room.  We  got  there  at 
early  candle  light.  The  room  was  brilliantly  lighted.  A  large 
wire  fastened  at  each  end  of  the  room,  near  the  ceiling,  hung  in  a 
curve,  the  middle  of  it  within  twelve  or  fifteen  inches  of  the  floor. 
I  remember  the  pouring  in  of  the  company  till  the  room  was  filled, 
as  the  phrase  is,  '  with  all  the  beauty  and  fashion  of  the  place.' 
Still  better  do  I  remember,  after  a  note  of  preparation  from  an- 
other room,  which  bespoke  and  commanded  silence,  the  entree  of 
Templeman — a  tall  man,  superbly  attired  in  a  fanciful  dress;  of 
a  military  air,  with  a  drum  hung  over  his  shoulder  by  a  scarlet 
scarf  It  was  such  a  picture  as  I  had  never  seen.  Saluting  the 
company  with  dignity,  he  placed  himself  upon  the  wire;  then 
giving  a  hand  to  his  attendant,  he  was  drawn  to  one  side  of  the 
room,  and,  being  let  go,  swung  at  ease, — beating  the  drum  like  a 
professional  performer.  He  performed  all  the  usual  exploits, 
balancing  hoops,  swords,  &c. — and,  to  crown  the  whole,  danced 
what  I  had  never  seen  before,  a  hornpipe,  in  superior  style ; — his 
spangled  shoes,  in  the  rapidity  of  his  steps,  producing  upon  me  a 
most  brilliant  effect.  My  own  imitative  propensity  came  again 
into  play,  and  I  became  a  celebrated  hornpipe-dancer  before  I 
was  six  years  of  age ; — meaning  by  celebrated^  such  celebrity  as 
spread  through  about  one-third  of  our  little  village.  The  image 
of  Templeman  rose  before  me  as  something  of  another  age,  or 
another  sphere  when,  about  forty  years  after  I  had  seen  him 
swinging  in  such  splendor  on  the  wire,  I  met  in  Washington  a  well 
dressed  gentleman-like  person,  somewhat  corpulent,  who  was  made 
known  to  me  as  the  paragon  of  my  childish  admiration,  converted 
into  a  plain  citizen,  and  an  extensive  dealer  in  city  lots." 

We  have  now  some  pictures  of  the  Revolutionary  war. 

"  Before  I  left  Bladensburg  to  reside  in  it  no  more,  Avhich  hap- 
pened in  my  seventh  year,  another  event  occurred  which  rests 
vividly  upon  my  recollection.     This  was  the  passage  of  Lee's 


CHAP,  r.]  LEE'S    LEGION.  £7 

Legion  through  the  village.  I  presume  this  occurred  when  Lee 
was  detached  from  the  north  to  support  General  Greene  in  the 
south.  I  remember  the  long  line  of  cavalry  in  the  street,  the  large 
beautiful  horses  and  fine  looking  men  in  uniform,  and  a  particular 
individual  who  was  pointed  out  to  me  as  a  relation  to  my  family. 
His  hair  was  loose,  long,  black  and  frizzled,  and  flowed  over  his 
broad  shoulders,  sweeping  down  to  his  saddle.  General  Lee, 
whom  I  knew  well  in  aftertimes,  has  repeatedly  mentioned  this 
individual  to  me  as  an  officer  (a  subaltern,  perhaps)  of  great  merit; 
which  fixes  the  fact  that  the  cavalry  I  saw  was  of  Lee's  Legion. 
It  extended  along  the  street  until  the  head  of  the  column  had 
turned  the  corner  at  the  lower,  the  southern,  extremity  of  the 
village,  before  the  rear  came  in  view: — a  spectacle  well  calculated 
to  fill  the  imagination,  and  stamp  itself  deeply  on  the  memory  of  a 
boy  of  my  age. 

"  It  must  have  been  at  the  same  time  that  a  body  of  infantry  of 
the  Continental  army,  was  in  Dladensburg, — perhaps,  also,  a  part 
of  Lee's  Legion.  There  was  among  them  a  doctor  whose  name, 
it  strikes  me,  I  have  heard  mentioned  as  a  surgeon  in  Lee's  corps. 
The  only  thing,  in  the  way  of  rebuke,  I  recollect  to  have  ever  re- 
ceived from  my  dear  mother,  was  occasioned  by  an  incident  con- 
nected with  these  troops.  The  continual  musters  of  militia  in 
Bladensburg,  with  the  drum  and  fife,  had  made  me  a  drummer 
from  a  period  so  early  that  I  have  no  recollection  of  its  commence- 
ment. My  ear  was  naturally  good,  and  I  was  a  singer  for  the 
amusement  of  company  from  the  time  that  I  could  speak,  and 
perhaps  sooner.  The  accuracy  of  my  ear  and  my  imitative  pro- 
pensity kept  me  drumming  on  the  tables  and  on  the  floors  and 
singing  the  common  marches  of  the  time,  with  such  directness  and 
dexterity  that  it  attracted  the  attention  of  others.  An  old  gen- 
tleman whose  name  I  cannot  now  recall,  drew  out  of  his  bosom 
one  day,  a  pair  of  small  drumsticks,  which  he  had  had  made  for 
me  and  painted  blue,  and  gave  them  to  me  as  a  present.  I  had  no 
drum,  but  with  these  sticks  I  pursued  my  drumming  exercise  with 
such  effect  that  I  could  soon  beat  time  as  accurately  as  any  drum- 
mer in  the  army.  This  was  the  state  of  my  proficiency  when  the 
troops  aforesaid  marched  through  Bladensburg.  Pushing  and  peer- 
ing about  them,  I  found  myself,  one  day,  at  the  baker's  in  a  room 
where  the  soldiers  were  drinking,  and  where  there  were  drums 


28  MR.    ROGERS'    SCHOOL.  [1772—1783. 

and  fifes  in  plenty.  The  baker  was  a  merry-hearted  man,  and, 
upon  seeing  me,  had  a  drum  and  fife  paraded,  and  the  drumsticks 
put  into  my  hands.  I  set  to  beating,  with  the  accompaniment  of 
the  fife  too.  It  was  my  first  exhibition.  I  performed  with  so 
much  animation  and  success  that  the  soldiers  were  astounded. 
The  drum  head  was  soon  covered  with  as  many  pieces  of  silver 
coin  and  pennies  as  filled  both  my  hands.  It  was  on  occasion 
of  my  carrying  these  home  in  triumph,  that  my  honored  and  be- 
loved mother  gave  me  a  rebuke  against  taking  money  presents, 
which  fashioned  my  character  in  tl)at  particular  for  life." 

"In  1779,1  was  sent  to  Georgetown,  eight  miles  from  Bla- 
densburg,  to  school — a  classical  academy  kept  by  Mr.  Rogers. 
I  was  placed  at  boarding  with  the  family  of  Mr.  Schoolfield,  a 
quaker.  They  occupied  a  small  house  of  hewn  logs  at  the  eastern 
end  of  Bridge  street.  Friend  Schoolfield  was  a  well-set,  square 
built,  honest-faced  and  honest-hearted  quaker: — his  Avife  one  of 
the  best  of  creation.  A  deep  sadness  fell  upon  me,  when  I  was 
left  by  the  person  who  accompanied  me  to  Georgetown.  When 
1  could  no  longer  see  a  face  that  I  knew,  nor  an  object  that  was 
not  strange,  I  remember  the  sense  of  total  desertion  and  forlorn- 
ness  that  seized  upon  my  heart — unlike  any  thing  I  felt  in  after 
years.  I  sobbed  as  if  my  heart  would  break  for  hours  together, 
and  was  utterly  inconsolable  notwithstanding  the  maternal  tender- 
ness with  which  good  Mrs.  Schoolfield  tried  to  comfort  me. 
Almost  half  a  century  has  rolled  over  the  incident,  yet  full  well  do 
I  recollect  with  what  gentle  affection  and  touching  sympathy  she 
urged  every  topic  that  was  calculated  to  console  a  child  of  my 
years.  After  quieting  me  in  some  measure  by  her  caresses,  she 
took  down  her  Bible  and  read  to  me  the  story  of  Joseph  and  his 
brethren.  It  is  probable  I  had  read  it  before,  as  such  things  are 
usually  read, — without  understanding  it.  But  she  made  me  com- 
prehend it ;  and  in  the  distresses  of  Joseph  and  his  father  I  forgot 
my  own.  His  separation  from  his  family  had  brought  him  to  great 
honor,  and  possibly  mine,  I  thought,  might  be  equally  fortunate. 
I  claim  some  sense  of  gratitude.  I  never  forget  an  act  of  kindness, 
and  never  received  one  that  my  heart  has  not  impelled  me  to  wish 
for  some  occasion  to  return  it.  So  far  as  my  experience  goes,  I 
am  persuaded,  too,  that  doing  an  act  of  kindness  and,  still  more, 
repeated  acts  to  the  same  individual,  are  as  apt  to  attach  the  heart 


CHAP.  I.]  MRS.    LOVE    AND    HER    FAMILY.  29 

of  the  benefactor  to  the  object,  as  that  of  the  beneficiary  to  the 
person  who  does  bun  the  service.  It  was  so  in  this  instance.  I 
went  to  see  Mrs.  Schoolfiield  after  I  became  a  man,  and  a  warmer 
meeting  has  seldom  taken  place  between  mother  and  son. 

"  I  passed  one  winter  in  Georgetown  and  remember  seeing  a 
long  line  of  wagons  cross  the  river  on  the  ice.  I  conjecture  that 
it  was  the  winter  of  1779-80,  and  that  these  wagons  were  at- 
tached to  the  troops  already  mentioned,  which  were  going  to  the 
south.  I  remember  also  to  have  seen  a  gentleman,  Mr.  Peter,  I 
think,  going  out  gunning  for  canvass  backs — then  called  while 
backs — which  I  have  seen  in  those  days  whitening  the  Potomac, 
and  which  when  tiiey  rose,  as  they  sometimes  did  for  a  half  a 
mile  or  a  mile  together,  produced  a  sound  like  thunder.  I  men- 
tion this — being  struck  with  the  ditferent  state  of  this  game  now 
on  the  Potomac." 

This  school  of  Mr.  Rogers  left  no  pleasant  impression  on  the 
mind  of  the  pupil.  He  remained  there  less  than  one  year,  changed 
his  boarding  house,  and,  getting  from  under  the  eye  of  good  Mrs. 
Schoolfield  and  her  household,  fell  into  associations  with  others 
not  so  kind.  Richard  Brent,  Esq.,  a  gentleman  once  distinguished 
in  the  House  of  Representatives,  but  long  since  dead,  was  a 
fellow-student  at  the  Georgetown  school. 

The  recollections  now  carry  us  to  another  quarter. 

"From  Georgetown  I  was  transferred  to  a  classical  school  in 
Charles  county,  Maryland,  about  forty  miles  from  Bladensburg. 
This  school  was  kept  by  one  Hatch  Dent,  in  the  vestry  house  of 
Newport  Church.  I  was  boarded  with  a  widow  lady  by  the 
name  of  Love,  and  my  residence  in  her  family  forms  one  of  the 
few  sunny  spots  in  the  retrospect  of  my  childhood.  Mrs.  Love 
was  a  small,  thin  old  lady,  a  good  deal  bent  by  age,  yet  brisk  and 
active.  The  family  w^as  composed  of  her  and  three  maiden 
daughters,  of  whom  the  eldest,  I  suppose,  was  verging  on  forty, 
and  the  youngest,  perhaps,  twenty-eight.  She  had  a  son  married 
and  settled  in  the  neighborhood.  The  eldest  daughter  was  named 
Nancy,  a  round,  plump  and  jolly  old  maid,  who  was  the  weaver 
of  the  family  and  used  to  take  a  great  deal  of  snuff.  The  second 
was  Sally.  She  presided  over  the  dairy,  which  was  always  neat 
and  sweet  and  abundantly  supplied  with  the  richest  cream  and 
butter.     Sally  was  somewhere  about  thirty,  short,  rosy  and  brisk, 

VOL.    1—3* 


30  RURAL    LIFE.  [1772—1733. 

with  a  countenance  marked  by  health  and  good  humor,  and  with 
one  of  the  kindest  hearts  that  beat  in  the  bosom  of  her  kind  sex. 
She  was  fond  of  me,  banqueted  me  on  milk  and  cream  to  my 
heart's  content,  admired  my  songs,  and  sang  herself  From  her  I 
first  heard  Roslin  Castle.  Her  clear  and  loud  voice  could  make 
the  neighborhood  vocal  with  its  notes  of  touching  plaint.  From 
her,  too,  I  first  heard  the  name  of  Clarissa  Harlowe,  and  she  gave 
me,  in  her  manner,  a  skeleton  of  the  story.  Peggy,  the  youngest, 
was  pale  and  delicate,  with  more  softness  of  manners  than  the 
others.  She  was  the  knitter  and  seamstress  of  the  household; 
of  very  sweet  disposition,  with  a  weak  and  slender  but  kindly 
voice.  She  did  not  sing  herself,  but  was  very  fond  of  hearing  us 
who  did.  There  were  two  boys  of  us  near  the  same  age.  John- 
son Carnes  was  rather  older  and  larger  than  me.  He  was  a  good, 
diffident,  rather  grave  boy,  with  better  common  sense  than  I  had. 
But  he  did  not  sing,  was  rather  homely,  and  had  no  mirth  and 
frolic  in  him.  I,  on  the  contrary,  was  pert,  lively  and  saucy,  and 
they  used  to  say  pretty  withal — said  smart  things  sometimes,  and 
sang  two  or  three  songs  of  humor  very  well.  One  was  Dick  of 
Danting  Dane,  in  which  the  verse  about  'my  father's  black  sow' 
was  a  jest  that  never  grew  stale,  nor  failed  to  raise  a  hearty 
laugh.  Another  was  a  description  of  a  race  at  New  Market  be- 
tween two  horses  called  Sloven  and  Thunderbolt.  Sloven  be- 
longed to  some  Duke — perhaps  the  Duke  of  Bolton.  The  verse 
ran,  as  I  remember — 

'  When  Sloven  saw  the  Duke  his  master. 

He  laid  back  his  ears  and  did  run  much  faster.' 

"Besides  my  singing,  I  danced  to  the  astonishment  of  the  natives, 
and,  altogether,  had  the  reputation  of  a  genius.  Thus  admired, 
flattered  and  feasted  with  milk  and  cream,  Roslin  Castle  and  Cla- 
rissa Harlowe,  &c.,  what  more  could  a  child  of  my  age  want  to 
make  him  happy !  The  very  negroes  used  to  be  pleased  to  con- 
tribute to  my  amusement.  Old  Moll  carried  me  to  the  cowpen, 
where  she  permitted  me  with  a  clean,  broad  splinter,  prepared  for 
the  purpose,  to  whip  the  rich  froth  from  the  milk  pail ;  and  her 
son  George,  after  a  hard  day's  work  in  the  field,  came  home  at 
night  and  played  the  horse  for  me,  by  going  on  all  fours,  in  the 
green  yard,  with  me  mounted  upon  his  back, — he  going  through 


CHAP.  I.]  MR.   DENT'S   SCHOOL.  31 

the  feats  of  an  imaginary  fox  hunt,  sounding  the  horn  and  leaping 
over  imaginary  fences,  gates,  &c. — all  of  which  was  life  and  joy 
to  me.  To  crown  all,  I  had  a  sweetheart;  one  of  the  prettiest 
cherubs  that  ever  was  born.  The  only  thing  I  ever  thanked 
Nancy  Love  for,  was  giving  me  the  occasion  of  becoming  ac- 
quainted with  this  beautiful  girl.  She  took  me  with  her  once  on 
a  visit  to  her  aunt  Reeder.  Mr.  Thomas  Reeder  lived  on  the 
banks  of  the  Potomac,  just  above  Laidlowe's  and  opposite  to 
Hooe's  Ferry.  In  those  days  there  was  a  ferry  from  Reeder's  to 
Hooe's.  The  house  was  of  brick,  situated  on  a  high  airy  bank, 
giving  a  beautiful  view  of  the  Potomac,  which  is  there  four  miles 
wide.  Peggy  Reeder  was  the  only  child  of  her  parents, — about 
my  own  age,  rather  younger,  and  as  beautiful  as  it  is  possible  for 
a  child  to  be.  We  fell  most  exceedingly  in  love  with  each  other. 
She  was  accustomed  to  make  long  visits  to  her  aunt  Love,  and  no 
two  lovers,  however  romantic,  were  ever  more  happy  than  we. 
On  my  part,  it  was  a  serious  passion.  No  lover  was  ever  more 
disconsolate  in  the  absence  of  his  mistress,  nor  more  enraptured 
at  meeting  her.  I  do  not  know  whether  it  is  held  that  the  affec- 
tions keep  pace  with  the  intellect  in  their  development;  but  I  do 
know  that  there  is  nothing  in  the  sentiment  of  happy  love,  which 
I  did  not  experience  for  tliat  girl,  in  the  course  of  the  two  years 
when  I  resided  at  Mrs.  Love's.  When  I  left  there  we  were  firmly 
engaged  to  be  married  at  the  following  Easter.  I  felt  proud  and 
happy,  not  in  the  least- doubting  the  fulfilment  of  the  engagement 
at  the  time  appointed."  *  *  #  # 

"  As  for  school,  Mr.  Dent  was  a  most  excellent  man,  a  sincere 
and  pious  christian,  and,  I  presume,  a  good  teacher — for  I  was 
too  young  to  judge,  and,  in  fact,  much  too  young  for  a  Latin 
school.  In  the  two  years  Johnson  Carnes  and  myself  got  as  far 
advanced  as  Cassar's  Commentaries — though  we  could  not  have 
been  well  grounded,  for  when  I  changed  to  another  school,  I  was 
put  back  to  Cornelius  Nepos.  Mr.  Dent  was  very  good  tem- 
pered. I  do  not  remember  to  have  received  from  him  a  harsh 
word  or  any  kind  of  punishment  but  once.  His  school  was 
crowded.  I  can  recall  none  of  the  scholars  who  attained  much 
distinction,  except  one  who  was  with  us  but  a  short  time — Alex- 
ander Campbell,  Avho  afterwards  became  celebrated  as  an  orator 
in  Virginia,  and  still  more  painfully  celebrated  for  his  melancholy 


32  ALEXANDER   CAMPBELL.  [1772—1783. 

end.  According  to  my  recollection  of  him,  when  he  came  to  Mr. 
Dent's,  he  was  between  eighteen  and  twenty  years  old.  He  had 
just  taken  a  prize  for  eloquence  at  the  school  in  Georgetown. 
In  deportment  he  was  manly  and  dignified; — rather  grave  and 
thoughtful,  though  sometimes  relaxing  a  little.  I  remember  his 
puzzling  me  witli  forte  dux  fel  flat  in  gutture.  I  recall,  too,  that 
perpetually  tremulous  and  dancing  eye-ball  by  which,  in  common 
with  others  of  his  family,  he  was  so  strikingly  marked, 

"  I  never  saw  him  after  he  left  Mr.  Dent's ;  but  he  was  still 
figuring  at  the  bar  after  I  grew  up  and  went  to  commence  the 
practice  in  the  upper  part  of  Virginia.     I  suppose  he  came  to  the 
bar  several  years  after  Chief  Justice  Marshall  and  Judge  Wash- 
ington, who  must  themselves  have   begun  to   practice  after  the 
Revolutionary  war.     Edmund  Randolph  qualified  just  before  the 
Revolution,  or,  perhaps,  at  the  point  of  its  commencement ;  Patrick 
Henry  about  fifteen  years  earlier.     Yet  all  these  gentlemen  were 
still  at  the  bar  when  Mr.  Campbell  began  his  career.     He  ap- 
peared with  them  frequently  in  the  same  causes ;  and  it  is  high 
praise,  but  no  less  just  than  high,  to  say  that,  even  among  them 
he  was  a  distinguished  man.     He  stood  confessedly  in  the  first 
rank  of  genius.     In  logic,  he  did  not  wield  the  Herculean  club  of 
Marshall;  nor  did  he,  in  rhetoric,  exhibit  the  gothic  magnificence 
of  Henry, — but  his  quiver  was  filled  with  polished  arrows  of  the 
finest  point,  and  were  launched  with  Apollonian  skill  and  grace. 
Some  of  the  most  beautiful  touches  of  eloquence  I  have  ever 
heard,  were   echoes    from   Campbell   which   reached   us    in  the 
mountains.     His  arguments  were  much  extolled  for  their  learninar 
and  strength  as  well  as  beauty.     I  have  heard  it  said  that  Mr.  Pen- 
dleton, the  President  of  tlie  Court  of  Appeals,  spoke  of  Campbell's 
argument  in  the  case  of  Roy  and  Garnett,  reported  by  Mr.  Wash- 
ington, as  the  most  perfect  model  of  forensic  discussion  he  had 
ever  heard. — 

"  Poor  fellow ! *  *  *  # 

"  He  left  a  whimsical  will  which  I  have  seen,  and  in  which  was 
a  request  that  no  stone  might  be  placed  over  his  grave,  for  the 
reason  that  if  a  stone  were  placed  over  every  grave  there  would 
be  no  earth  left  for  agriculture." 

Leaving  this  digression  we  go  back  to  Mrs.  Love's. 

"  I  lived  there,  I  think,  until  the  year  1782,  as  perfectly  happy 


CHAP.  I.]  RETURN    OF    PEACE.  33 

as  a  child  could  be  who  was  separated  from  his  mother  and  the 
other  natural  objects  of  his  affections.  From  the  time  I  rose  until 
I  went  to  bed,  the  live-long  day,  it  was  all  enjoyment,  save  only 
with  two  drawbacks — the  going-  to  school,  and  the  getting  tasks 
on  holidays, — which  last,  by  the  by,  is  a  piactical  cruelty  that 
ought  to  be  abolished.  I  never  knew  good  to  come  of  it,  but 
much  harm;  for  it  starts  across  the  child's  path,  like  a  goblin, 
throughout  the  holidays.  The  task  is  deferred  until  the  last 
moment,  then,  either  slubbered  over  any  how  or  omitted  alto- 
gether, and  a  thousand  falsehoods  invented  to  evade  or  excuse  it. 
But  these  holiday  tasks  were  the  order  of  the  day  in  my  youth, 
and  haunted  me  until  the  holidays  no  longer  deserved  the  name. 
With  the  exception  of  these  same  tasks  and  a  slight  repugnance  to 
daily  school,  Mrs.  Love's  was  an  elysium  to  me.  It  was  a  very 
quiet  life  without  the  amusing  incidents  of  Bladensburg  and  George- 
town. The  only  picturesque  occurrence  of  which  I  have  any  re- 
collection was  the  passage  of  a  party  of  fox-hunters  with  their 
dogs  and  horses,  one  day,  by  our  dwelling-house.  The  public 
road  to  Allen's  Fresh  ran  close  by  the  gate,  where  I  was  standing 
alone,  when  this  animated  and  noisy  party  dashed  along.  It  was 
such  an  obstreperous  invasion  of  the  stillness  of  the  country,  and 
so  entirely  novel  a  spectacle  to  me,  that  I  drew  back  from  the 
gate  and  walked  towards  the  house  to  get  out  of  the  way  of  the 
mischief  of  which  they  seemed  full.  One  of  the  riders,  observing 
my  movement,  put  spurs  to  his  horse  and  leaped  the  fence  by  the 
side  of  the  gate,  as  if  to  frighten  and  pursue  me  ;  but  I  was  rather 
too  proud  to  run,  and  he  returned  to  his  party  the  way  he  came." 
*  *  *  *  # 

"  There  was  a  barbacue  at  the  Cool  Springs,  near  Johnson 
Carnes'  father's,  to  celebrate  the  return  of  peace.  This  was  an 
idea,  I  well  remember,  which  puzzled  me  exceedingly.  Having 
known  no  other  things  but  a  state  of  war,  I  had  no  suspicion  that 
there  was  any  thing  unnatural  or  uncommon  in  it.  I  must  have 
heard  continually  of  the  battles  that  were  fought,  but  I  have  not 
the  slightest  vestige  on  my  memory  of  any  such  thing; — which 
can  only  proceed  from  the  circumstance  that  battles,  defeats  and 
victories  must  have  appeared  to  me  as  ordinary  occurrences.  I 
was  exceedingly  perplexed,  therefore,  to  understand  the  event 
which  this  barbacue  celebrated.     I  had  no  distinct  idea  of  the 


34  DAY    DREAMS.  [1772-1783. 

meaning  of  war  and  peace;  and,  after  the  explanation  that  was 
given  to  me,  had  still  but  vague  and  confused  impressions  of  the 
subject.  I  presume  that  the  event  in  question  was  the  signature 
of  the  preliminary  articles  in  1781,  when  I  was  only  nine  years 
old.  If  I  had  been  at  any  time  nearer  to  the  immediate  seat  of  the 
war,  the  terrors  of  those  around  me  might  have  startled  me  into  a 
clearer  perception  of  its  character,  and  have  prepared  me  the 
better  to  understand  and  enjoy  the  return  of  peace.  As  it  was,  I 
had  never  heard  of  it  but  at  a  distance  and  with  composure,  and 
had  seen  nothing  of  war  but  its  'pride,  pomp  and  circumstance,' 
to  which  a  boy  at  my  age  had  no  objection." 

"  I  became  sensible  of  the  power  of  forming  and  pursuing  at 
pleasure,  a  day-dream  from  which  I  derived  great  enjoyment,  and 
to  which  I  found  myself  often  recurring.  There  was  nothing  in 
the  scenery  around  me  to  awaken  such  vagaries.  It  was  tame, 
gentle  and  peaceful.  The  house  stood  on  a  flat  about  half  a  mile 
wide  and  one  mile  long.  On  the  east,  the  view  was  shut  in  by  a 
hill  of  moderate  height,  which  stretched  along  the  whole  length  of 
the  plain — gently  undulating,  verdant  and  adorned  with  a  growth 
of  noble  walnut  trees  which  were  scattered  over  its  sides  and 
summit.  This  hill  was  the  only  handsome  object  in  view.  On 
every  other  side  the  plain  was  locked  in  by  swamps  or  woods ; 
so  that  there  was  neither  incentive  nor  fuel  for  poetic  dreams. 
Mine  were  the  amusements  of  the  dull  morning  walks  from  Mrs. 
Love's  to  the  schoolhouse.  It  was  a  walk  of  about  two  miles,  and 
my  companion  rather  disposed  to  silence.  I  remember  very  dis- 
tinctly the  subject  of  one  of  these  vagaries,  from  the  circumstance 
of  my  having  recalled,  renewed  and  varied  it  again  and  again  from 
the  pleasure  it  afforded  me.  I  imagined  myself  the  owner  of  a 
beautiful  black  horse,  fleet  as  the  winds.  My  pleasure  consisted 
in  imagining  the  admiration  of  the  immense  throngs  on  the  race- 
field,  brought  there  chiefly  to  witness  the  exploits  of  my  prodigy 
of  a  horse.  I  could  see  them  following  and  admiring  him  as  he 
walked  along  the  course,  and  could  hear  their  bursts  of  applause 
as  he  shot  by,  first  one  competitor,  and  then  another,  in  the  race. 
The  vision  was  vivid  as  life  and  I  felt  all  the  glow  of  triumph 
that  a  real  victory  could  have  given." 

These  imaginings  were  characteristic  of  the  boy,  and  seem  to 
have  typified  the  peculiar  nature  of  his  aspirations  in  the  more 
mature  period  of  his  manhood. 


CHAP.  I.]  COLONEL    LEE.  35 

Here  is  a  remembrance  of  a  notable  personage  of  the  Revo- 
lution.— 

"  I  must  not  forget  a  rencontre  which  I  had  with  a  very  distin- 
guished man  at  this  period.  It  had  happened  that,  on  some  former 
occasion,  I  had  attracted  the  attention  of  Col.  Lee,  of  the  legion 
already  mentioned,  as  he  passed  through  Bladensburg.  A  volume 
of  Blackstone  chanced  to  be  lying  on  the  table,  near  which  he  was 
sitting;  and,  shewing  me  the  title  on  the  back  of  the  volume,  he 
asked  me  what  I  called  it.  I  pronounced  the  word  '  Commen- 
taries' with  the  accent  on  the  second  syllable,  and  he  corrected  my 
cachilology^  as  Lord  Duberly  calls  it.  Upon  the  foundation  of  this 
slight  acquaintance,  I  was  recognized  by  this  gentleman  at  Mr. 
Reeder's,  where  I  had  gone  on  a  visit  with  one  of  the  Miss  Loves, 
and  whither  Col.  Lee  had  come  to  cross  the  ferry,  with  his  first 
wife,  then,  as  I  was  told,  newly  married.  He  seemed  quite  pleased 
to  meet  me,  took  great  notice  of  me,  and,  finally,  insisted  on  my 
crossing  the  river  with  him  to  Hooe's,  where  he  promised  to  give 
me  some  fine  cherries.  They  who  had  the  care  of  me  seemed  to 
consider  me  and  themselves  much  honored  by  this  notice  of  Col. 
Lee,  and  readily  consented  to  his  proposal.  So,  I  was  placed 
along  side  of  him  in  the  boat,  while  his  young  wife,  for  the  greater 
part,  if  not  the  whole  of  the  passage,  stood  upon  one  of  the 
benches,  facing  the  breeze,  which  wantoned  freely  with  her  robes. 
She  had  a  fine  figure,  and  her  attitude,  as  the  boat  rose  and  sank 
on  the  waves,  was  so  strikingly  picturesque  as  to  remain  strongly  on 
my  memory.  The  river  is  at  this  place  four  miles  wide,  and  the 
beach  at  the  opposite  side  is,  at  some  states  of  the  tide,  so  shal- 
low that  a  boat  cannot  get  quite  to  the  shore,  in  which  case  pas- 
sengers have  to  be  borne  to  dry  land  in  the  arms  of  the  ferrymen. 
This  was  the  case  on  the  present  occasion.  Col.  Lee  and  his  wife 
were  taken  to  the  shore,  where  they,  their  servants,  ferrymen  and 
all  moved  off  to  the  house  at  Hooe's,  leaving  me  sitting  alone  in 
the  boat  to  chew  the  cud  of  disappointment  and  neglect  as  well  as 
1  could.  I  was  entirely  forgotten  : — but  I  did  not  forget  this  slight, 
in  the  reflections  which,  even  then  and  often  afterwards,  the  inci- 
dent provoked.  After  sitting  alone  in  the  boat  for  near  an  hour, 
unthought  of  by  the  person  who  had  betrayed  me  into  that  situ- 
ation, I  was  at  last  relieved  by  the  ferrymen,  who  returning  at 
Iheir  leisure,  without  either  cherries  or  apology  from  Col.  Lee, 


36  MR.   HUNT'S    SCHOOL.  [1772—1783. 

took  me  safe  back  to  the  more  friendly  bosoms  I  had  left  on  the 
other  shore." 

"In  1783  I  was  removed  from  the  grammar  school  of  Mr. 
Dent  in  Charles  county,  to  that  of  the  Rev.  James  Hunt,  the  Pres- 
byterian minister  in  Montgomery  county,  whom  I  have  already 
mentioned.     I  was  put  to  board  with  Major  Samuel  Wade  Ma- 
gruder,  a  substantial  planter,  who  lived  about  two  miles  from  Mr. 
Hunt's.     The  Magruders,  at  that  time,  formed  a  numerous  family 
in  that  county.     The  original  name,  I  have  heard,  was  McGregor 
of  Scotland,  and  the  ancestors  are  said  to  have  sought  a  refuge  in 
this  country,  after  the  defeat  at  Culloden.     The  Major  showed 
marks  of  Highland  extraction.     He  was  large,  robust  and  some- 
what corpulent,  with  a  round  florid  face,  short,  curling,  sandy  hair, 
and  blue-gray  eyes.    He  was  strong  of  limb,  fiery  in  temperament, 
hospitable,  warm-hearted  and  rough.     He  was  a  magistrate  and 
ex-officio  a  conservator  of  the  peace,  which,  however,  he  was  as 
ready,  on  provocation,  to  break  as  to  preserve.     At  times  he  was 
kind  and  playful  with  the  boys  ;  but  wo  betide  the  unfortunate  boy 
or  man  who  became  the  object  of  his  displeasure  ! 

"  Mrs.  Magruder  was  the  sister  of  Col.  Thomas  Beall  of  George- 
town, and  daughter,  as  I  have  understood,  of  the  gentleman  after 
whom  Georgetown  took  its  name — George  Beall  of  that  place. 
She  was  a  small,  spare  old  lady  who  had  been  handsome.  Her 
countenance  was  strongly  expressive  of  her  gentle  disposition. 
The  contrast  with  her  husband  was  very  striking.  She  was  quiet 
and  generally  silent.  I  do  not  remember  having  heard  her  speak 
a  dozen  times  in  the  two  years  I  lived  in  the  family,  and  have  for- 
gotten the  note  of  her  voice.  But  the  Major's  I  remember  as  the 
loud  north  wind  that  used  to  rock  the  house  and  sweep  the  snow- 
covered  field.  They  had  a  large  family — seven  sons  and  four 
daughters.  The  grown  sons  were  numerous  and  loud  enough  to 
keep  the  house  alive,  being  somewhat  of  the  Osbaldiston  order, 
except  that  there  was  not  a  Rashleigh  among  them; — nor  was 
there  a  Di  Vernon  among  the  girls. 

"  Besides  the  parents  and  children,  there  were  divers  incumbents 
who  drew  their  rations  in  the  Major's  house.  There  was,  for  a 
short  time,  a  Col.  Hamilton,  who  used  to  wear  leather  clothes, — 
coat  and  waistcoat  included, — a  thin,  keen,  active  man,  a  little 
above  middle  age,  who,  I  was  told,  had  been  a  Regulator  in  North 


CHAP.  I]  EARLY    ACQUAINTANCES.  37 

Carolina, — thougli  I  was  then  ignorant  what  the  word  meant, — 
and  that  he  was  rather  in  concealment  and  under  the  Major's  pro- 
tection. 

"  Then  there  was  an  interesting  old  gentleman,  by  name  Thomas 
Flint,  who  had  been  an  English  schoolmaster,  and  had  educated 
all  the  family  except  George  and  Patrick,  who  were  destined  for 
a  classical  education  and  a  learned  profession.  Mr.  Flint  was 
upwards  of  fifty,  "in  fair  round  belly  with  good  capon  lined" — a 
good  looking  man  with  a  dark  complexion,  sharp,  black  eyes  and 
shaggy  brows.  He  had  a  son  who  was  Major  Magruder's 
overseer. 

"Besides  these,  there  were  two  apprentices: — one  of  them, 
Zack,  a  wild,  slovenly,  blackguard  boy,  cut  out  by  nature  for  a 
strolling  player,  having  a  strong  inclination  to  repeat  fragments  of 
speeches  and  scraps  of  plays  which  he  had  learned  from  the  boys 
of  the  school ; — the  other  was  Harry,  the  son  of  the  miller  who 
was  in  the  Major's  employment,  a  modest  and  interesting  young 
man,  who  disappeared  in  a  mysterious  way,  the  particulars  of 
which  I  have  forgotten. 

"  The  mansion  was  a  large,  two-storied  brick  house,  built  not 
long  before  I  went  there.  In  this  his  family  proper  lived.  Within 
a  few  feet  of  it  stood  the  old  house,  which  had  been  the  former 
residence  of  the  family,  but  wliich  was  now  occupied,  at  one  end, 
by  the  overseer,  and  in  the  residue  of  its  chambers  by  the  school 
boys  and  the  two  apprentices.  Here,  at  night,  we  got  our  lessons 
and  more  frequently  played  our  pranks. 

"There  were  two  boarders,  besides  myself:  Walter  Jones,  son 
of  Mr.  Edward  Jones,  a  rich  planter  of  Frederick  county,  and 
Richard  Harwood  from  Anne  Arundel, — in  after  times  one  of  the 
Judges  of  a  District  in  the  State.  For  a  short  time  the  late  Col. 
Thomas  Davis  of  Montgomery,  was  one  of  our  boarders  and 
schoolfellows. — So  that  Major  Magruder's  household  embraced 
not  less  than  twenty  white  persons.  To  these  there  was  a  con- 
stant addition,  by  visiters  to  the  young  people  of  the  family.  It 
was,  in  fact,  an  active,  bustling,  merry,  noisy  family,  always  in 
motion,  and  often  in  commotion.  To  me  it  was  painfully  con- 
trasted with  tlie  small,  quiet,  affectionate  establishment  of  Mrs. 
Love.  There  I  had  been  the  petted  child  and  supreme  object  of 
attention.     Here  I  was  lost  in  the  multitude,  unnoticed,  unthought 

VOL.  1 — 4 


38  EARLY    ACQUAINTANCES.  [1772—1783. 

of,  and  left  to  make  my  way  and  take  care  of  myself  as  well  as  1 
could.  My  hair  which,  under  the  discipline  of  Mrs.  Love's  daugh- 
ters, was  as  clean  and  soft  as  silk,  now  lost  its  beauty.  I  had  been 
spoiled  by  indulgence,  and  was  really  unfit  to  take  care  of  myself. 
I  did  not  know  how  to  go  about  it.  Yet  there  was  no  one  to  take 
care  of  me,  or  who  showed  any  interest  in  me  except  Harry,  the 
miller's  son.  Young  as  I  was,  I  had  reflection  enough  to  compare 
the  two  scenes  in  which  I  had  lived,  to  feel  my  present  desolation, 
and  to  sigh  over  the  past.  The  tune  of  Roslin  Castle  never  re- 
curred to  my  memory  without  filling  my  eyes  with  tears. 

"There  was  another  circumstance  which  embittered  my  residence 
at  Mr.  Magruder's.  One  of  my  companions  was  ill-tempered, 
and  I  do  not  know  by  what  antipathy,  I  became  the  peculiar 
object  of  his  tyranny.  There  was  that  in  my  situation  which 
would  have  disarmed  a  generous  temper.  I  was  a  small,  feebly- 
grown,  delicate  boy;  an  orphan,  and  a  poor  one  too:  but  these 
circumstances  seemed  rather  to  invite  than  to  allay  the  hostility  of 
this  fierce  young  man.  During  the  two  years  that  it  was  my  mis- 
fortune to  be  a  boarder  in  the  house  and  his  schoolfellow,  I  suffered 
a  wanton  barbarity  that  so  degraded  and  cowed  my  spirit  that  I 
wonder  I  have  ever  recovered  from  it.  In  this  large  family  he 
was,  however,  my  only  persecutor.  The  rest  were  content  to  let 
me  alone,  and  I  became,  at  length,  well  content  to  be  so.  I  can 
recall  here  the  first  experience  I  had  of  the  refuge  and  comfort  of 
solitude.  Often  have  I  gone  to  bed  long  before  1  was  sleepy,  and 
long  before  any  other  member  of  the  household,  that  I  might  enjoy 
in  silence  and  to  myself  the  hopes  which  my  imagination  never 
failed  to  set  before  me.  These  imaginings  rest  on  my  memory 
with  the  distinctness  of  yesterday.  1  looked  forward  to  the  time 
when  I  should  be  a  young  man  and  should  have  my  own  office  of 
two  rooms,  my  own  servant  and  the  means  of  receiving  and  enter- 
taining my  friends  with  elegant  liberality,  my  horse  and  fine  equip-v 
ments,  a  rich  wardrobe,  and  these  all  recommended  by  such  man- 
ners and  accomplishments  as  should  again  restore  me  to  such  favor 
and  affectionate  intercourse  as  I  had  known  at  Mrs.  Love's.  I 
never  dreamt  of  any  other  revenge  on  my  tormenting  schoolfellow, 
than  to  eclipse  him  and  reduce  him  to  sue  to  me  for  friendship. 
Except  these  waking  dreams  which  live  so  vividly  in  my  remem- 
brance, there  are  but  few  pleasant  incidents  to  connect  my  recol- 


CHAP.  I.]  MUSIC.  39 

lections  with  those  two  years.  Yet  there  are  a  iew.  One  was 
the  gratification  I  took  in  the  visits  of  company  to  the  house. 
Sometimes  the  young  folks  played  cards,  and  I  was  not  forbidden 
to  sit  in  the  room  and  see  what  was  going  on.  One  of  these 
visiters  is  a  gentleman,  I  believe,  now  living — Charles  Jones. 
Although  a  very  small  boy,  I  recollect  distinctly  the  drollery  for 
which  he  is,  even  yet,  so  much  distinguished,  and  with  which  lie 
used  then  to  set  the  tables  in  a  roar.  Maxwell  Armstrong,  our 
Latin  usher, — and  the  only  popular  usher  I  have  ever  known — 
was  another  of  the  visiters,  and  a  great  favorite  with  me. 

"  There  were  two  other  visiters  whom  I  saw  only  once  each  at 
the  Major's,  but  whose  visits  led  to  one  of  my  small  accomplish- 
ments. Doctor  Charles  Beatty  of  Georgetown,  brought  up  his  flute 
and  regaled  the  ladies  one  evening  in  the  garden  with  his  music.  A 
Mr,  Eckland,  a  Hessian  or  Prussian,  a  teacher  of  music  in  George- 
town, also  came  up  on  one  occasion,  when  there  was  a  great  effort 
lo  get  a  musical  instrument  for  him  to  play  on.  The  house  afforded 
notliing  better  than  a  wretched  fiddle, — on  which  Major  M.  used 
to  play,  for  his  children,  the  only  tune  he  knew,  with  these  words — 

'Three  or  four  sheepskins 

Wrong  sides  outwards ; 
Cut  them  down,  cut  them  down. 

Cut  them  down  and  tan  them.' 

"There  was,  besides,  a  cracked  flute,  from  which  no  one  of  the 
family  had  ever  been  able  to  draw  a  note.  Mr.  Eckland  repudi- 
ated the  flddle,  but,  with  the  aid  of  a  little  bees-wax  to  stop  the 
crack,  and  a  little  water  to  wash  and  wet  the  bore,  he  made  the 
flute  discourse  most  eloquent  music. — What  a  strange  thing  is 
memory !  I  can  see  the  man  at  this  moment  and  hear  him  strike  up 
'  the  Wiiite  Cockade' — for  this  was  the  first  tune  he  played ;  and 
he  threw  it  off'  with  a  spirit  and  animation  of  which  Dr.  Beatty  had 
given  me  no  idea.  Thereafter,  whenever  the  room  was  empty,  I 
used  to  steal  to  the  bookpress  in  which  that  old  flute  was  kept, 
and  whispering  in  the  aperture — for  I  could  not  blow,  and  dared 
not,  if  I  could — try  to  finger  such  tunes  as  I  knew.  In  this  way  I 
learned  to  play  several  tunes,  of  which  Yankee  Doodle  was  the 
chief,  before  I  could  fill  the  flute  with  a  single  note. 


40  A    FOX    HUNT. 


[1772—1783. 


"  On  one  occasion  Dr.  Smith  of  Georgetown — the  father  of  the 
very  respectable  family  of  that  name  now  at  that  place,  came  up 
to  Major  M's.  with  two  or  three  other  gentlemen,  bringing  with 
him  a  large  pack  of  hounds,  in  preparation  for  a  fox-chase.  This 
was  a  new  incident  to  me  and  full  of  the  liveliest  interest.  On 
this  occasion  old  Mr.  Flint  developed  an  accomplishment  of  which 
I  had  never  suspected  him.  Having  got  pretty  'high  up'  with 
drinking,  he  sang  a  hunting  song  and  one  of  the  old  songs  of  Ro- 
bin Hood,  of  which  my  children  have  often  heard  me  sing  several 
verses  caught  from  Mr.  Flint's  exhibition  at  this  frolic.  His  pic- 
ture is  now  before  me — for  he  acted  as  well  as  sang,  and  repeated 
his  verses  as  long  as  any  one  would  listen.  I  slept  but  little  the 
night  before  the  hunt,  and  before  day-break  I  was  waked  from  my 
slumbers,  by  the  turning  of  the  hounds  out  of  the  cellar  and  the 
uproar  raised  in  the  yard  by  them  and  the  horns.  I  dressed  my- 
self quickly  and  sighed,  as  the  party  moved  otf,  because  I  could 
not  follow  them.  On  my  way  to  school  that  morning,  with  what 
longing  regret  did  I  listen  to  the  distant  notes  of  the  hounds  in  full 
cry  upon  their  track,  until  the  last  sound  was  lost  behind  the  re- 
mote woodland  .'  To  those  who  have  not  an  ear  for  sounds  nor  an 
eye  for  pictures,  it  would  be  incredible,  if  I  were  to  describe  the 
effect  which  this  scene  had  upon  my  imagination  ;  and  to  this  day 
I  know  nothing  in  the  way  of  spectacle  or  music,  to  compare,  for 
its  power  of  excitement,  with  a  well  equipped  and  gay  party  of 
hunters  following  a  pack  of  hounds  in  full  cry." 

Here  ends  all  that  we  are  able  to  obtain  from  these  simple  and 
pleasant  recollections.  The  writer  broke  them  off  abruptly  at  this 
early  stage  of  his  history,  purposing  to  resume  them  when  the 
graver  duties  of  his  high  office  might  allow  him  again  the  refresh- 
ment of  these  draughts  of  youthful  memory.  His  busy  profes- 
sional life  forbade  this  indulgence,  and  has  left  us  reason  to  reo-ret 
that  the  same  hand  has  not  sketched  his  continued  advance  to 
manhood. 


CHAPTER   II. 

1783— 17S7. 

IMAGINATIVE    TEMPERAMENT.— HIS    STUDIES WHOLESOME    INFLUENCE   OF 

MR.  HUNT.— HIS  LIBRARY SKETCHES   BY  CRUSE VERSE   MAKING FIRST 

LITERARY  EFFORT,  A  PROSE  SATIRE  ON  THE  USHER.— ITS  CONSEQUENCES— 
A  SCHOOL  INCIDENT — A  VICTORY VISIT  TO  THE  COURT  HOUSE  OF  MONT- 
GOMERY  MR.  DORSEY — THE  MOOT  COURT.— ITS  CONSTITUTION SCHOOL 

EXERCISES. 

The  memoir  which  we  have  just  closed  presents  us  nearly  all 
that  is  known  of  William  Wirt  up  to  his  eleventh  year.  It  suf- 
ficiently indicates  the  temperament  of  the  boy,  and  gives  us  no 
slight  glimpses  of  the  future  aspirations  of  the  man.  The  lively 
pictures  which  it  presents  of  those  scenes  and  persons  which  dwelt 
on  his  memory,  show  how  keenly  his  youthful  observation  was 
impressed  by  the  quaint  and  grotesque  images  which  surrounded 
him.  They  show,  too,  Avith  what  a  relish  he  noted  the  simple  rural 
objects  and  employments  that  were  familiar  to  his  childhood,  and 
how  true  an  eye  and  how  true  a  heart  he  had  for  the  kindly  things 
and  influences  that  fell  in  the  way  of  his  youthful  experience. 
These  qualities  of  mind  and  character  continued  to  expand  during 
his  life,  and  were  the  constant  source  of  that  attraction  which 
encircled  him,  to  the  last  of  his  days,  with  troops  of  admiring 
friends. 

We  shall  have  occasion  to  note,  more  than  once  in  the  course  of 
these  pages,  the  poetical  complexion  of  Mr.  Wirt's  mind,  the  some- 
what prurient  predominance  of  his  imagination,  and  the  alacrity 
with  which  he  was  ever  ready  to  digress  from  the  actual  to  the 
ideal  of  life.  The  almost  inseparable  quality  of  such  a  tempera- 
ment is  diffidence,  that  shy  reserve  which  is  much  more  frequently 
the  result  of  pride  and  a  high  self-estimate  than  of  humility.  A 
sensibility  to  the  criticism  which  our  perception  enables  us  to  fore- 
see and  expect,  from  those  who  are  capable  of  a  shrewd  insight  info 
our  conduct,  is  most  generally  the  source  of  that  modesty  which  is 
observable  in  an  ingenuous  and  quick-sighted  boy.     Its  usual  ac- 

VOL,   1 — 4* 


42  HIS    STUDIES.  [1783—1797. 

companiment  is  an  exterior  of  thoughtfulness  and  quiet  observation 
in  the  presence  of  the  world,  united  with  a  gay,  light-hearted  ease 
amongst  those  in  whom  household  association  and  familiar  endear- 
ment have  begotten  that  confidence  which  takes  away  the  appre- 
hension of  censure.  The  observant  eye  of  his  aunt,  with  whom 
the  orphan  child  had  been  domesticated  in  his  tenderest  age, 
detected  this  trait  in  his  character,  in  the  first  years  of  their  inter- 
course; and,  noticing  these  alternatives  of  a  playful  and  thoughtful 
temper,  she  once  remarked,  when  his  uncle  was  debating  with  her 
the  question  of  his  education — "  when  I  look  at  that  dear  child,  he 
scarcely  seems  one  of  us,  and  I  weep  when  I  think  of  him."  Such 
an  expression  would  seem  to  indicate  some  early  presage,  afforded 
by  the  boy,  of  that  superiority  which  his  riper  years  developed. 

Wirt  remained  at  Mr.  Hunt's  school,  in  Montgomery  county, 
until  it  was  broken  up  in  1787.  During  the  last  two  years  of  this 
period  he  was  an  inmate  of  Mr.  Hunt's  family.  We  shall  often 
find,  in  the  course  of  his  correspondence,  a  pleasant  remembrance 
of  this  family  and  its  dwelling  place,  which  bore  the  classical 
name  of  the  Tusculum. 

Mr.  Hunt  seems  to  have  exercised  a  happy  influence  over  the 
character  of  his  pupil.  He  was  a  man  of  cultivated  mind,  liberal 
study  and  philosophic  temper.  He  possessed,  what  in  those  days 
was  no  common  advantage,  a  pretty  good  library.  He  had,  be- 
sides, a  pair  of  globes  and  some  instruments  of  a  philosophical  ap- 
paratus. He  was  communicative,  and  quick  to  appreciate  the 
tastes  of  his  scholars,  and,  from  all  accounts,  kindly  and  indulgent 
in  his  intercourse  with  them. 

Young  Wirt  found  in  this  association  much  to  advance  him  on 
his  way.  He  acquired  some  little  insight  into  astronomy,  some 
taste  for  physics,  some  relish  for  classical  study,  but  above  all, 
some  sharpness  of  appetite  for  the  amusements  afforded  by  "  the 
run  of  the  library.''''  He  studied  Josephus,  Guy  of  Warwick  and 
Peregrine  Pickle,  the  old  dramas.  Pope,  Addison  and  Home's 
Elements  of  Criticism,  with  equal  avidity  and  with  indiscriminate 
faith.  The  library  cheated  him  out  of  many  a  worse  recreation, 
and  whilst  it  captivated  his  boyish  imagination  with  its  world  of 
treasures,  it  served  also  to  implant  in  his  mind  that  love  of  various 
lore,  which  seeks  its  enjoyment  among  the  flowers  that  enamel  the 


CHAP.  II.] 


HIS   STUDIES.  43 


broad  fields  of  literature,  rather  than  among  the  gems  which  lie 
in  the  depths  only  accessible  to  the  miner. 

It  is  sometimes  regarded  as  the  misfortune  of  sprightly  and  appre- 
liensive  genius,  that  it  is  apt  to  be  lured  from  its  graver  and  more 
profitable  toil  by  the  attractions  of  this  vagrant  course  of  reading. 
If  this  be  true  in  any  instance,  it  cannot  be  denied  that  many  men, 
who  have  won  distinction  by  their  intellectual  accomplishments, 
have  been  able  to  trace  their  first  impulses  towards  an  honorable 
renown,  to  the  opportunities  afforded  by  a  miscellaneous  library, 
and  to  the  tastes  which  it  has  enabled  them  to  improve.     Mr. 
Wirt,  in  after  life,  was  accustomed  to  speak  in  terms  of  regret  of 
the  habit  of  immethodical  reading  which,  acquired  in  early  youth, 
had,  as  he  supposed,  somewhat  injuriously  diverted  his  time  from 
systematic  study.     He  was,  we  are  inclined  to  believe,  mistaken 
in  his  estimate  of  this  disadvantage.     There  seems  to  have  been, 
in  his  case,  quite  a  sufficient  concentration  of  methodised  study,  in 
the  pursuit  of  his  own  laborious  profession,  to  justify  and  com- 
mend the  habit  of  light  and  excursive  reading  in  all  other  depart- 
ments of  science  or  literature.     He  has  also  afforded  many  agree- 
able manifestations,  that  the  zealous  and  persevering  lawyer  had 
cultivated,  with  no  small  success,  that  general  scholarship  which 
is  so  seldom  combined  with  professional  excellence,  and  which 
constitutes,  wherever  it  exists,  the  most  graceful  and  attractive 
of  its  adjuncts.     Genius   generally  finds  its  own  path.     Its  first 
instinct  is  to  wander  over  the  surface  of  its  own  world,  until  it 
may  light  upon  that  which  shall  gratify  its  proper  appetite.     Its 
affinities  prompt  it  to  ramble  in  search  of  the  congenial  things 
nature  has  provided  for  it ;  and  it  seldoms  falls  out  that  the  errant 
spirit  does  not,  in  due  time,  come  to  its  appointed  destination.     It 
may  be  said  to  have  been  Mr.  Wirt's  characteristic  quality  of 
mind,  to  perceive  and  keenly  to  relish  the  riches  of  that  upper 
world  of  thought,  which  is  pictured  to  us  under  the  felicitous 
designation  of  humane  letters.     These,  comprehending  in  their 
scope  nearly  every  thing  that  is  graceful  in  a;sthetics,  every  thing 
that  is  beautiful  in  art,  glowing  in  poetry,  and  eloquent  in  thought, 
present  to  the  student  a  field  of  various  observation,  which  can 
only  be  cultivated  and  enjoyed  by  the  most  apparently  desultory 
study.     He,  therefore,  who  has  a  true  perception  of  the  delights 
of  such  study,  may  scarcely  fail  to  be  accounted  a  capricious  and 


44  HIS    STUDIES.  [1783-1787. 

rambling  reader,  whenever  his  pursuit  shall  come  to  be  measured 
by  the  severer  rules  which  the  student  of  one  science  finds  it 
necessary  to  observe  in  his  own  labor. 

For  many  particulars  relating  to  the  earlier  portion  of  Mr. 
Wirt's  life,  I  am  happy  to  express  my  obligations  to  a  rapid  but 
careful  biographical  sketch,  which  was  written  by  Peter  Hoffman 
Cruse  of  Baltimore,  in  1832,  under  circumstances  which  give  it 
great  value  as  an  authentic  narrative,  and  which  is  not  less  worthy 
of  commendation  for  its  graceful  and  scholarlike  style  of  composi- 
tion. I  should  scarcely  do  justice  to  my  subject,  if  I  forbore  to 
avail  myself  of  the  material  presented  to  me  from  a  source  so 
friendly  and,  at  the  same  time,  so  accurate.  I  shall  not  scruple 
to  use  it  as  often  as  I  may  find  occasion.* 

*  The  sketch  referred  to  in  the  text  was  written  by  Mr.  Cruse  upon  an  engage- 
ment with  the  Messrs.  Harpers  of  New  York  in  1832,  just  after  Mr.  Wirt's  nomi- 
nation as  a  candidate  for  the  Presidency,  and  was  designed  to  accompany  a  repub- 
lication of  Mr.  Wirt's  literary  productions.  This  republication, — for  reasons  with 
which  I  am  not  acquainted — did  not  proceed  beyond  the  reprint  of  the  British  Spy, 
to  which  the  biographical  sketch  I  have  alluded  to  was  prefixed.  At  the  time  of 
tlie  nomination  of  Mr.  Wirt  for  the  Presidency,  by  a  singular  coincidence  of  cir- 
cumstances a  narrative  of  his  life  was  in  contemplation  from  one  or  two  quarters 
totally  disconnected  from  the  political  object  which  may  be  supposed  to  have  made 
it  then  a  matter  of  interest  to  the  public.  Mr.  Longacre  was  engaged  in  his  Work 
of  National  Portraits,  and  had  applied  to  Mr.  Wirt  for  some  materials  for  a  sketch 
of  his  history  to  accompany  an  engraved  likeness  for  this  work.  The  task  of  fur- 
nishing these  had  been  committed  to  Judge  Carr  of  the  Court  of  Appeals  of  Vir- 
ginia. Mr.  Salmon  P.  Chase,  a  friend  to  Mr.  Wirt's  nomination,  and,  still  more 
intimately,  his  personal  friend,  a  gentleman  accomplished  in  elegant  letters, — re- 
cently brought  more  conspicuously  to  the  view  of  the  country  as  a  Senator  of  the 
United  States  from  Ohio — had  also  taken  the  matter  of  a  biography  into  his  hands. 
But  the  enterprise  of  the  Messrs.  Harpers  being  stimulated  by  a  more  direct  refer- 
ence to  the  nomination,  took  the  place  of  all  other  biographical  projects,  and  con- 
signed the  task  to  the  very  competent  hands  of  Mr.  Cruse. 

Cruse  was  a  finished  scholar,  of  exquisite  taste,  and  gifted  with  talents  which 
would  have  secured  him  an  enviable  eminence  in  the  literature  of  this  country. 
He  fell  a  victim  to  the  cholera,  in  Baltimore,  on  the  6th  of  September,  1832,  not 
long  after  the  completion  of  the  biography  above  mentioned.  The  country  thus  lost 
one  whose  accomplishment  in  letters  was  just  beginning  to  bring  him  reputation, 
and  whose  career,  if  he  had  lived,  would  have  been  distinguished  by  the  finest  ex- 
hibitions of  intellectual  excellence.  The  materials  for  his  sketch  were  derived 
from  an  intimate  personal  acquaintance  with  Mr.  Wirt,  whose  just  appreciation  of 
him  was  shown  in  the  most  cordial  and  confidential  social  communion.  The  inci- 
dents of  this  biographical  sketch  were  supplied  by  the  friends  of  Mr.  Wirt,  by  his 
family,  and  by  the  biographer's  own  personal  knowledge  of  his  subject.  The  sketch 
itself  was  submitted  to  Mr.  Wirt,  and  so  far  corrected  by  him  as  to  secure  it  against 


CHAP.  II.]  SKETCHES    BY    CRUSE.  45 


Mr.  Hunt's  library  suggested  to  our  pupil  some  effort  of  rivalry 
with  one  of  its  heroes,  in  the  dainty  occupation  of  verse  making. 
He  read  how  Pope  had  first  tempted  his  muse  at  twelve  years  of 
age.  He  himself  was  now  thirteen : — why  shoukPnt  he  versify  as 
well  ?  He  tried  his  hand  at  it,  and,  very  naturally,  failed.  He 
accordingly  resolved  that  Nature  had  not  made  him  a  versifier. 
There  was,  however,  the  world  of  prose  open  to  him,  and  forth- 
with he  set  out  upon  that  quest.  Amongst  several  essays,  in  this 
sort,  one  fell  into  Mr.  Hunt's  hands,  and  was  most  agreeably  re- 
ceived, with  abundance  of  praise.  I  must  give  the  history  of  it 
as  it  comes  from  the  friendly  biographer.* 

"  It  was  engendered  by  a  school  incident,  and  was  a  piece  of 
revenge  more  legitimate  than  schoolboy  invention  is  apt  to  inflict 
when  sharpened  by  wrongs,  real  or  imaginary.  There  was  an  usher 
at  the  school ;  and  this  usher  who  was  more  learned  and  methodical 
than  even-tempered,  was  one  morning  delayed  in  the  customary 
routine  by  the  absence  of  his  principal  scholar,  who  was  young 
Wirt  himself.  In  his  impatience  he  went  often  to  the  door,  and 
espying  some  boys  clinging,  like  a  knot  of  bees,  to  a  cherry  tree 
not  far  off,  he  concluded  that  the  expected  absentee  was  of  the 
number,  and  nursed  his  wrath  accordingly.  The  truth  was  that  the 
servant  of  a  neighbor,  with  whom  Wirt  was  boarding  at  the  time, 
had  gone  that  morning  to  mill,  and  the  indispensable  breakfast  had 
been  delayed  by  his  late  return.  This  apology,  however,  was  urged 
in  vain  on  the  usher,  who  charged,  in  corroboration,  the  plunder  of 
the  cherry  tree  :  and  though  this  was  as  stoutly  as  truly  rejoined  to 
be  the  act  of  an  English  school  hard  by,  the  recitation  of  Master 
Wirt  proceeded  under  very  threatening  prognostics  of  storm.  The 
lesson  was  in  Cicero,  and  at  every  hesitation  of  the  reciter,  the 
eloquent  volume,  brandished  by  the  yet  chafing  tutor,  descended 
within  an  inch  of  his  head, — without  quailing  his  facetiousness  how- 

any  inaccuracy  of  statement  of  fact.  I  may  add,  that  my  own  constant  intercourse 
with  Mr.  Cruse,  during  the  preparation  of  that  sketch,  and  a  familiar  acquaintance 
with  the  individual  to  whom  it  refers,  enable  me  to  give  an  additional  assurance  of 
its  authenticity.  I  can  only  indulge,  now,  the  unavailing  regret  that  its  author,  .so 
rich  as  he  was  in  the  arts  of  "wit,  eloquence,  and  poesy,"  had  not  survived  to  unite 
with  me  in  the  grateful  labor  of  this  task,  to  render  a  joint  tribute  of  our  homage  to 
the  distinguished  subject  of  our  memoirs — partaking,  as  we  both  did,  in  equal 
degree,  of  the  pleasure  of  his  society  and  the  kindness  of  his  regard. 

•  Cruse's  Sketch. 


46  ENCOUNTER    WITH    AN    USHER.  [1783—1787. 

ever, — for  he  said  archly,  '  Take  care  or  you'll  kill  me.'  We 
have  heard  better  timed  jests  since,  from  the  dexterous  orator,  for 
the  next  slip  brought  a  blow  in  good  earnest,  which  being  as  for- 
cible as  if  logic  herself,  with  her  '  closed  fist,'  had  dealt  it, 
felled  our  hero  to  the  ground.  '  Til  pay  you  for  this  if  I  live,' — 
said  the  fallen  champion,  as  he  rose  from  the  field. 

"'Pay  me,  will  you.'" — said  the  usher,  quite  furious; — 'you 
will  never  live  to  do  that.' 

"  'Yes  I  will' — said  the  bov. 

"Our  youth  was  an  author,  be  it  remembered,  and  that  is  not  a 
race  to  take  an  injury,  much  less  an  atfront,  calmly.  The  quill, 
too,  was  a  fair  weapon  against  an  usher;  and,  by  way  of  vent  to 
Ids  indignation  at  this  and  other  continued  outrages,  but  with  no 
view  to  what  so  seriously  fell  out  from  it,  in  furtherance  of  his 
revenge,  he  indited,  some  time  afterward,  an  ethical  essay  on 
Anger.  In  this,  after  due  exhibition  of  its  unhappy  effects,  which, 
it  may  be,  would  have  enlightened  Seneca,  though  he  has  himself 
professed  to  treat  the  same  subject,  he  reviewed  those  relations 
and  functions  of  life  most  exposed  to  the  assaults  of  this  fury.  A 
parent  with  an  undutiful  son,  said  our  moralist,  must  often  be  very 
angry,  a  master  \vith  his  servant,  an  innkeeper  with  his  guests ; — 
but  it  is  an  usher  that  must  the  oftenest  be  vexed  by  this  bad  pas- 
sion, and,  right  or  wrong,  find  himself  in  a  terrible  rage.  And  so 
he  went  on  in  a  manner  very  edifying  and  very  descriptive  of  the 
case,  character  and  manner  of  the  expounder  of  Cicero. 

"  Well  pleased  with  his  work,  our  author  found  a  most  admiring 
reader  in  an  elder  boy  who,  charmed  with  the  mischief  as  much  as 
the  wit  of  the  occasion,  pronounced  it  a  most  excellent  per- 
formance, and  very  fit  for  a  Saturday  morning's  declamation.  In 
vain  did  our  wit  object  strenuously  the  dangers  of  this  mode  of 
publication.  The  essay  was  got  by  heart  and  declaimed  in  the 
presence  of  the  school  and  of  the  usher  himself,  who,  enraged  at 
the  satire,  demanded  the  writer,  otherwise  threatening  the  de- 
claimer  with  the  rod.  His  magnanimity  was  not  proof  against 
this,  and  he  betrayed  the  incognito  of  our  author,  who  happened 
the  same  evening  to  be  in  his  garret,  when  master  usher,  the  ob- 
noxious satire  in  hand,  came  into  the  apartment  below  to  lay  his 
complaint  before  his  principal.  Mr.  Hunt's  house  was  one  of  those 
one-story  rustic  mansions,  yet  to  be  seen  in  Maryland,  where  the 


CHAP.  II.]  A    VICTORY.  47 

floor  of  the  attic,  without  the  intervention  of  ceiling,  forms  the 
roof  of  the  apartment  below — so  that  the  culprit  could  easily  be 
the  hearer,  and  even  the  partial  spectator,  of  the  inquisition  held 
on  his  case.  'Let  us  see  this  offensive  libeP — said  the  preceptor; 
and  awful  were  the  first  silent  moments  of  its  perusal,  which  were 
broken, — first  by  a  suppressed  titter,  and,  finally,  to  the  mighty 
relief  of  the  listener,  by  a  loud  burst  of  laughter. — '  Pooh  !  pooh  ! 

Mr. this  is  but  the  sally  of  a  lively  boy,  and  best  say  no 

more  about  it:  besides  that,  inforo  conscientke,  we  can  hardly  find 
him  guilty  of  the  publication!' 

"  This  was  a  victory ;  and  when  Mr.  Hunt  left  the  room,  the 
conqueror,  tempted  to  sing  his  '  lo  Triumpke''  in  some  song  al- 
lusive to  the  country  of  the  discomfited  party,  who  was  a  foreigner, 
was  put  to  flight  by  the  latter's  rushing  furiously  into  the  attic, 
and  snatching  from  under  his  pillow  some  hickories,  the  fasces  of 
his  oflice,  and  indicting  some  smart  strokes  on  the  flying  satirist, 
who  did  not  stay,  like  Voltaire,  to  write  a  receipt  for  them.  The 
usher  left  the  school  in  dudgeon  not  long  afterward,  like  the  worthy 
in  the  doggrel  rhymes — 

'  The  hero  who  did  'sist  upon  't. 
He  would'nt  be  deputy  to  Mr.  Hunt.' 

"  Many  years  after,  the  usher  and  his  scholar  met  again.  Age 
and  poverty  had  overtaken  the  poor  man,  and  his  former  pupil  had 
tlie  opportunity  of  showing  him  some  kindnesses  which  were 
probably  not  lessened  by  the  recollection  of  this  unpremeditated 
revenge." 

This  was  quite  a  prosperous  entrance  into  the  world  of  letters. 
The  pleasant  remembrance  of  this  early  triumph  is  one,  amongst 
many  evidences  which  I  may  have  occasion  to  notice  hereafter,  of 
the  earnest  appreciation  with  which  the  distinguished  lawyer  was 
wont  to  regard  the  pursuit  of  literary  fame,  which,  as  it  seemed, 
an  adverse  destiny  had  constantly  placed  beyond  his  enjoyment, 
though  never,  as  the  reader  of  these  pages  will  find,  beyond  his 
hopes. 

Mr.  Hunt's  discipline  contributed  to  awaken  the  ambition  of  his 
pupil  to  another  renown,  not  less  conspicuous  in  his  career.  Let- 
ters were  always  the  passion  of  William  Wirt, — a  passion  fore- 
doomed against  enjoyment,  the  Tantalus  cup  of  his  life.     The  law 


48  THE   MOOT   COURT.  [1783—1787. 

was,  in  equal  degree,  his  chosen  field  of  eminence,  pursued  at 
all  times  with  the  eager  love  of  a  votary,  and,  more  propitious  to 
him  than  its  rival,  the  bountiful  source  of  fame  and  wealth.  His 
first  introduction  to  its  temple  was  at  this  era  of  his  boyhood. 
Mr.  Hunt  was  in  the  habit  of  taking  his  pupils  to  the  Montgomery 
County  Court,  in  term  time,  to  give  them  some  insight  into  those 
mysteries  which  may  be  said  to  be,  in  this  country,  the  ladder  to 
all  preferment,  and  which  certainly  at  the  date  of  this  adventure, 
much  more  than  at  present,  was  the  chief  aid  by  which  men 
climbed  to  eminence.  The  court  house  was  some  four  miles  from 
the  school.  The  whole  troop,  headed  by  the  Domine,  went  on 
foot,  and  with  due  solemnity  entered  the  rustic  hall  of  justice, 
and  took  their  seats  in  the  unoccupied  jury  box.  Amonst  the 
pleaders  one  of  the  youngest  was  William  H.  Dorsey,  well 
known  to  the  school  and  neighborhood.  He  was  clever,  quick 
and  courageous  in  his  encounters  with  the  older  brethren;  so, 
he  naturally  became  the  favorite  of  the  schoolhouse  auditory,  and 
grew  to  be  a  hero  in  their  eyes.  Boys  have  a  great  instinct  for 
hero  worship; — and  worship  with  them  is  imitation.  Dorsey  was 
not  much  older  than  the  oldest  of  those  who  sat  to  hear  and  ap- 
plaud him.  "  Why  should  not  we  have  a  court  of  our  own  .^" 
"Agreed." — So,  forthwith  we  have  a  little  temple  of  Themis  in 
Mr.  Hunt's  school-room.  Wirt  was  appointed  to  draw  up  the 
constitution.  He  was,  manifestly,  the  Dorsey  of  the  new  forum. 
The  constitution  was  prepared  with  all  the  necessary  complica- 
tions to  meet  the  contingencies  of  its  broad  and  delicate  jurisdic- 
tion, and  was  reported,  with  a  modest  letter  of  apology  for  its 
imperfections,  by  the  author. 

This  was  his  first  forensic  essay.  There  were  occasional 
speechmakingsin  public  at  the  school,  and  the  practice  also  of  "cap- 
ping verses" — one  of  those  ingenious  devices  by  which  off-hand 
orators  are  supplied  with  a  motley  of  shreds  and  patches  cut  from 
classical  cloths,  and  preserved  as  the  staple  for  that  impromptu 
wit  and  learning  which,  in  the  last  age,  was  regarded  as  one  of  the 
chief  ornaments  of  scholarship, — now,  fortunately,  somewhat  jos- 
tled aside  for  wholesome  Anglo-Saxon.  In  all  these  exercitations 
Wirt  was  a  common  victor  and  carried  off  whatsoever  prize  he 
had  a  mind  to  win. 


CHAPTER    III. 

1787—1792. 

FRIENDS PETER  A.  CARNES BENJAMIN  EDWARDS NINIAN  EDWARDS BE- 
COMES A  TUTOR    IN    MR.    EDWARDS'   FAMILY.— USEFUL    EMPLOYMENT    OF 

HIS  TIME.— STUDIES.— JOURNEY  TO  GEORGIA RETURNS  TO   MONTGOMERY 

AND  STUDIES  LAW  WITH   W.  P.   HUNT REMOVES    TO  VIRGINIA STUDIES 

WITH    MR.    SWANN.— IS    ADMITTED    TO     PRACTISE     BY    THE    CULPEPPER 
COURT. 

Mr.  Hunt's  school  was  discontinued  in  the  year  1787.  Wirt 
was  now  in  his  fifteenth  year.  But  little  remained  of  his  small  pa- 
trimony, and  he  was  brought  to  the  necessity  of  seeking  the  means 
to  support  himself.  He  was  not  without  friends.  His  happy  and 
confiding  temper  attracted  the  good  will  of  his  schoolfellows. 
His  talents  won  the  esteem  of  his  teachers.  The  sympathy  ex- 
cited by  his  orphanage  and  the  humility  of  his  deportment  brought 
him  more  than  one  protector, 

Mr.  Peter  A.  Carnes  was  an  early  patron  and  most  useful  friend 
to  our  pupil.  This  gentleman  belonged  to  the  bar  of  Maryland. 
He  was  the  owner  of  a  considerable  landed  estate  in  Charles 
county,  and,  being  a  cultivator  of  tobacco,  his  occasions,  both  as 
a  planter  and  as  a  professional  man,  often  brought  him  to  Bladens- 
burg.  Here  he  was  accustomed  to  take  his  lodgings  in  the  public 
house  which  was  kept  by  Jacob  Wirt.  He  thus  became  inti- 
mate with  the  family,  and  had  the  best  opportunities  to  observe 
the  character  of  the  young  and  sprightly  boy  whose  qualities  were 
so  well  adapted  to  captivate  his  regard.  This  acquaintance 
ripened  into  a  strong  and  lasting  attachment,  which  was  subse- 
quently manifested  in  the  most  substantial  proofs  of  friendship  to 
the  family. 

When  Jacob  Wirt  died,  Mr.  Carnes  charged  himself,  to  some 
extent,  with  the  control  and  guidance  of  the  children  of  the 
family,  of  whom  the  eldest  was  Elizabeth,  the  senior  of  William 
by  some  ten  years.  There  is  reason  to  believe  that  Mr.  Carnes 
assumed  the  direction  of  the  education  of  William,  and  perhaps 

VOL.   1 — 5 


50  PETER    A.  CARNES.  [1737—1792. 

of  Elizabeth,  and  defrayed  the  expenses  of  this  charge  chiefly  out 
of  his  own  pocket.  William  was  consigned  by  him  to  the  care  of 
Mr.  Dent,  in  Charles  county ;  and  Mr.  Carnes  himself, — accord- 
ing to  some  memorials  of  his  family,  which  I  have  seen, — provided 
for  him  that  comfortable  homestead,  where  he  was  sheltered  and 
made  happy  by  "  good  Mrs.  Love"  and  her  family,  in  the  memory 
of  which  the  grateful  pupil  found  so  much  pleasure. 

Some  years  after  this  Mr.  Carnes  removed  to  Georgia  and  set- 
tled himself  in  the  neighborhood  of  Augusta,  where  he  obtained 
eminence  as  a  lawyer,  Elizabeth  Wirt  was,  at  this  time,  grown 
to  womanhood ;  her  mother  was  dead,  and  she  and  her  brother, 
we  may  suppose,  were  left  in  a  condition  to  attract  the  sympathy 
and  consideration  of  their  good  friend.  Mr.  Carnes  sent  for  them 
both  to  come  and  live  with  him.  William's  destiny  directed  him 
to  another  quarter;  but  his  sister  obeyed  the  summons  of  her  kind 
protector,  who,  soon  after  her  arrival  in  Georgia,  fortified  his  title 
to  that  relation  by  making  her  liis  wife. 

In  the  few  letters  and  other  papers  I  have  been  able  to  collect, 
referring  to  this  portion  of  Mr.  Wirt's  life,  there  is  abundant  evi- 
dence of  the  concern  of  Mr.  Carnes  in  the  fortunes  of  his  young 
friend,  and  of  the  valuable  service  rendered  by  him  to  his  protege, 
at  that  a2:e  when  friendlv  counsel  is  most  needed. 

Besides  Mr.  Carnes,  there  was  another  who  now  took  an  interest 
in  the  success  of  the  youthful  scholar,  and  whose  connection  with 
him  had  the  most  happy  influence  in  shaping  his  career  to  that 
eminence  which  he  afterwards  achieved.  This  friend  was  Benja- 
min Edwards,  at  that  date  a  resident  of  Montgomery  county. 
His  son,  Ninian  Edwards, — who,  in  after  years,  successively  held 
the  post  of  first  Territorial  Governor  of  Illinois,  then  Senator 
from  that  State,  and  afterwards  the  Governor  of  it — was  the  com- 
rade and  classmate  of  Wirt  in  Mr.  Hunt's  school.  When  this 
school  was  broken  up  and  our  disbanded  student  had  returned  to 
Bladensburg,  as  to  a  point  from  which  to  make  a  new  start  in 
life,  young  Edwards  happened  to  take  with  him  to  his  father's 
house  the  constitution  of  the  moot  court  to  which  I  have  referred 
in  a  former  chapter,  and,  along  with  it,  the  report  or  prefatory  let- 
ter. This  was  probably  exhibited  in  the  family  as  one  of  those 
achievements  which,  in  the  world  of  schoolboys,  are  magnified  for 
purposes  of  renown,  with  a  more  alfectionate  exaggeration  than  we 


CHAP.  III.]  BENJAMIN    EDWARDS.  51 


are  apt  to  hear  of  in  the  larger  world.  This  triumph  of  the  aca- 
demy thus  came  to  the  eye  of  Mr.  Edwards,  the  father,  and  doubt- 
less with  no  modicum  of  praise  of  the  cleverness  of  the  author. 
The  result  was,  in  brief  space,  a  letter  from  the  father  to  young 
Wirt,  inviting  him  to  a  station  in  the  family,  as  a  private  tutor  to 
his  son  Ninian  and  two  nephews,  who  were  all  contemplating  a 
transfer  to  college,  and  who  stood  in  need  of  some  preparatory 
study,  which,  it  was  thought,  Wirt  was  qualified  to  direct. 

This  invitation,  in  any  aspect  a  most  agreeable  one,  was  ren- 
dered still  more  acceptable  by  the  assurance  which  accompanied 
it,  that  Mr.  Edwards'  library  should  be  at  the  service  of  the  new 
teacher  for  the  prosecution  of  his  own  reading,  A  summons  so 
opportune  to  this  new  field  of  duty  was,  of  course,  quickly  and 
gratefully  accepted,  and  the  pupil,  now  converted  into  a  teacher, 
was  most  comfortably  established  at  Mount  Pleasant — as  this  seat 
was  appropriately  called — in  the  bosom  of  a  hospitable,  cultivated 
and  estimable  family. 

Mr.  Edwards  had  been  a  member  of  the  Legislature  of  Mary- 
land ; — had  acquired  reputation  in  that  body  as  a  skilful  and  ac- 
complished debater.  In  this  relation  he  had  attracted  the  com- 
mendation and  friendship  of  the  great  leader,  in  that  day,  of  the 
politics  of  the  State — Samuel  Chase.  He  was,  besides,  well 
versed  in  general  literature;  his  mind  was  strong,  direct,  and 
trained  to  reflection;  his  demeanor  challenged  respect  and 
esteem  by  its  dignity ;  his  character,  public  and  private,  was  dis- 
tinguished for  lofty  patriotism  and  inflexible  virtue.  His  manners 
were  affable  and  particularly  agreeable  to  the  young,  with  whom 
he  was  fond  of  associating, — charming  them  by  instructive  conver- 
sation, which  the  benevolence  of  his  disposition  and  his  ready 
sympathy  with  the  tastes  and  interests  of  his  youthful  auditory, 
rendered  manifold  in  its  useful  impressions  upon  them. 

This  is  the  outline  of  the  character  Mr.  Wirt  was  wont  to  give 
of  his  early  friend.  How  fortunate  may  we  regard  him  in  being 
brought  within  the  sphere  of  such  a  man's  influence !  It  is  one  of 
the  most  pleasant  traits  in  the  history  of  the  subject  of  this  biog- 
raphy, that  to  the  last  day  of  his  life  he  could  not  speak  of  Benja- 
min Edwards  but  with  the  strong  emotions  of  a  grateful  affection 
which  seemed  to  be  even  more  than  filial.     We  shall  see  many 


52  BENJAMIN    EDWARDS.  [17S7— 1792. 

evidences  of  this  generous  recognition  in  the  letters  which  may  be 
introduced  into  the  future  pages  of  this  narrative. 

"  You  have  taught  me,"  he  says,  in  one  of  these  letters,  written 
to  his  old  friend  at  a  date  when  he  had  conquered  the  obstacles 
of  poverty,  and  had  hewn  his  way  to  a  profitable  as  well  as  a  bril- 
liant reputation — "  to  love  you  like  a  parent.  Well,  indeed  may 
I  do  so,  since  to  you,  to  the  influence  of  your  conversation,  your 
precepts  and  your  example  in  the  most  critical  and  decisive  period 
of  my  life,  I  owe  whatever  of  useful  or  good  there  may  be  in  the 
bias  of  my  mind  and  character.  Continue  then,  I  implore  you,  to 
think  of  me  as  a  son,  and  teach  your  children  to  regard  me  as  a 
brother :  they  shall  find  me  one,  indeed,  if  the  wonder-working 
dispensations  of  Providence  should  ever  place  them  in  want  of  a 
brother's  arm  or  mind  or  bosom." 

The  young  tutor's  final  destination  was  the  bar.  With  much  to 
justify  an  augury  of  success  in  this  profession,  he  had  also  some 
drawbacks.  He  was  shy  and  timid  in  any  public  exhibition  of 
himself  His  enunciation  was  thick  and  indistinct,  marked  by  a 
nervous  rapidity  of  utterance.  Both  of  these  may  be  regarded  as 
great  embarrassments  in  the  way  of  a  profession  which  requires  the 
utmost  intrepidity  of  self-protrusion,  and  whose  outward  and  visi- 
ble manifestation  exists  more  in  round,  clear  and  dauntless  speech, 
than  in  any  other  attribute  by  which  it  can  be  made  known. 

Mr.  Edwards  soon  observed  these  defects  in  his  young  friend, 
and  with  a  persuasive  and  gentle  skill  set  himself  about  removing 
them.  He  narrated  to  him,  by  way  of  encouragement,  some  inci- 
dents in  his  own  experience, — particularly  those  which  belonged  to 
his  debut  in  the  Legislature,  in  which  he  gave  a  strong  picture  of 
his  embarrassment,  his  confusion  and  fear  of  breaking  down,  and 
his  surprise  at  his  safe  deliverance,  and  the  compliment  paid  him 
by  Mr.  Chase  when  he  had  supposed  his  failure  complete.  He 
sometimes  took  occasion  also  to  rally  his  listener  upon  his  diffi- 
dence; and  to  give  him  some  adequate  conception  of  the  little  room 
he  had  to  fear  the  competition  of  what  was  understood  to  be  the 
most  formidable  class  of  antagonists  he  might  be  compelled  to 
encounter  in  life.  He  fortified  this  lesson,  by  assuring  him,  that 
there  were  not  many  of  those  who  had  arisen  to  distinction  who 
had  not  to  contend  with  obstacles  as  great  as  his  own.  Dorsey 
and  Pinkney,  both  young  men  at  that  period,  and  both  beginning 


CHAP.  Ill]  USEFUL    EMPLOYMENT.  53 

to  attract  the  observation  of  the  community,  were  held  up  by  Mr. 
Edwards  to  his  comment.  "  Dorsey,"  said  he,  "whom  you  so 
much  admire,  and  Pinkney  whom  you  will  admire  still  more  when 
you  shall  have  seen  him,  are  making  their  own  way  to  distinction 
under  as  great  disadvantages  as  any  you  have  to  encounter."* 

With  whatever  distrust,  the  shy  student  at  that  time  received 
these  friendly  persuasives,  and  however  incredulous  he  might  be  of 
the  hopes  his  friend  was  endeavoring  to  implant  in  his  mind,  it 
was  not  many  years  before  he  had  realized  more  than  had  been 
promised  him.  A  letter  from  Mr,  Edwards  reached  him  at  Wil- 
liamsburg in  the  palmy  day  of  his  career,  fondly  recalling  to  him 
the  predictions  of  this  early  time  in  Montgomery,  and  exulting, 
with  the  pride  which  a  father  only  might  be  supposed  to  feel  in 
the  advancement  of  a  son,  at  the  fulfilment  of  the  prophecy. 

Twenty  happy  and  useful  months  were  spent  under  the  roof  of 
Mr.  Edwards.  In  the  successive  occupations  of  classical  study, 
of  instructive  conversation,  and  preparations  for  that  profession  to 
which  he  was  hereafter  to  devote  his  life,  Wirt  found,  at  this 
epoch,  the  most  solid  benefits.  In  the  contemplation  of  that  robust 
and  manly  character  which  was  daily  presented  to  his  notice  in 
his  patron  and  friend ;  in  the  dignity  of  deportment,  lofty  virtue 
and  massive  good  sense  of  this  worthy  gentleman ;  in  the  unosten- 
tatious simplicity  of  the  family,  their  genuine  kindness  and  indul- 
gent consideration  of  himself,  he  found  daily  a  stimulus  to  the  cul- 
tivation of  the  virtues  both  of  his  heart  and  head,  and  the  strongest 
incentives  towards  the  fulfilment  of  those  aspirations  for  renown 
which,  in  after  life,  he  so  successfully  accomplished. 

At  the  expiration  of  this  period,  his  health  became  somewhat 
impaired.  By  the  advice  of  friends,  he  determined  to  make  a 
journey  on  horseback  to  Georgia,  and  spend  the  winter  with  his 
friend  and  brother-in-law,  Mr.  Carnes,  and  his  sister,  whom  he 
had  not  seen  since  her  marriage. 

We  have  no  narrative  or  remembrances  of  this  journey  to  refer 
to.  It  was  undertaken  towards  the  end  of  the  year  1789.  The 
traveller  set  out  alone.  He  was  in  his  seventeenth  year.  The 
way  was  long,  and  a  great  deal  of  it  lay  through  a  dreary  wilder- 
ness of  pine-forest  and  sand.     It  was  no  light  enterprise  in  that 

*  Cruse. 
VOL.  1 — 5* 


54  JOURNEY    TO    GEORGIA.  [1787—1792. 

day ; — but  we  may  well  imagine  that  to  the  cheerful  boy,  so  full 
of  pleasant  fancies  and  rosy  hopes,  the  wayside  brought  no 
weariness.  In  the  first  outlook  of  a  youth  of  seventeen  upon  the 
world,  mounted  upon  his  steed;  with  a  purse  sufficiently  stored  to 
bring  him  to  his  journey's  end ;  with  all  his  worldly  goods  packed 
on  a  pad  behind  his  saddle ;  with  a  gay  heart  in  his  bosom,  and  a 
sunshiny  face  beneath  his  beaver, — what  is  there  on  the  globe  to 
make  him  sad .''  No  shadow  upon  his  path  ever  takes  a  gloomy 
hue,  no  lonesome  by-way  finds  him  unaccompanied  with  pleasant 
thoughts,  no  fatigue  overmasters  or  subdues  the  buoyancy  of  his 
mind;  the  rain  and  the  wind  bring  no  melancholy  when  they  drive 
against  his  breast.  The  swollen  river  which,  in  some  mountain 
gorge,  compels  him  to  a  halt,  is  but  a  picturesque  hindrance  which 
he  has  the  boldness  to  tempt,  or  the  patience  to  wait  for.  Night- 
fall but  heightens  the  romance  of  his  dreams,  as  he  holds  his  way, 
guided  by  some  distant  taper,  to  the  rude  shelter  of  a  woodman's 
hut.  The  hearth  to  which  he  has  found  this  doubtful  path, 
gleams  with  a  light  more  cheerful  than  the  illuminations  of  a 
palace,  when  its  rays  are  thrown  upon  the  homely  group  of  the 
woodman's  family  from  the  blazing  faggots,  kindled  to  prepare  for 
him  a  supper  with  which  no  banquet  in  his  elder  day  is  to  be 
compared. 

If  our  young  adventurer  had  kept  a  journal  of  this  expedition 
we  should,  doubtless,  have  had  abundant  material  from  which  to 
illustrate  the  content  and  joy  with  which  such  experiences  would 
be  recorded. 

The  Southern  winter  seems  to  have  told  well  upon  his  constitu- 
tion. He  had  been  threatened  with  a  pulmonary  complaint  which 
had  excited  some  alarm  in  his  friends,  and  it  was  supposed  he 
might  find  it  to  the  advantage  of  his  health,  as  well  as  to  the  pro- 
fessional career  to  which  he  directed  his  views,  to  make  a  perma- 
nent settlement  in  Georgia.  The  journey  on  horseback,  however, 
and  the  genial  winter  of  that  region  wrought  a  rapid  change  in  his 
condition,  and  enabled  him  to  pursue  his  aims  in  a  quarter  more 
attractive  to  his  regards,  and,  as  we  must  believe  from  the  result, 
more  favorable  to  the  objects  of  his  ambition.  His  vigor  was 
restored  and  he  returned  to  Maryland  in  the  spring. 

He  now  took  up  his  abode  at  Montgomery  Court  House,  and 
entered  upon  the  study  of  the  law  with  William  P.  Hunt,  the  son 


CHAP.  Ill]  JOURNEY    TO    GEORGIA.  55 

of  his  former  preceptor.     In  this  position  he  remained  about  a  year, 
and  then,  for  the  first  time,  went  to  reside  in  Virginia, 

I  find  a  reference  to  this  removal  and  the  causes  which  led  to  it, 
in  one  of  the  few  early  letters  which  have  fallen  under  my  notice. 
It  is  addressed  to  Mr.  Carnes,  in  Georgia,  in  November,  1792, 

"  While  with  Mr.  Hunt,"  he  writes,  "  a  friend  informed  mc 
of  a  very  advantageous  station  for  a  lawyer  in  the  State  of  Virginia. 
Every  body  urged  me  to  seize  it.  The  law  of  Virginia  required 
from  me  twelve  months  residence  in  the  state,  and  a  previous 
examination  by  three  of  the  Judges  of  the  General  Court.  I  re- 
moved my  residence  immediately  to  Virginia,  and  after  residing 
about  five  months  under  a  Mr.  Swann* — an  acquaintance  and 
school-mate  of  Tom  Carnes,  and  a  young  fellow  of  distinguished 
legal  abilities, — I  applied  to  the  judges  for  a  license;  by  a  manoeuvre 
removed  the  objection  of  non-residence,  and,  after  a  minute  scru- 
tiny into  my  information,  obtained  the  signature  of  three  of  their 
Honors  to  my  license.  I  have  disposed  of  my  property,  and  am 
now  over  (this  letter  is  written  from  Prince  George's  county, 
Maryland,)  for  the  purpose  of  receiving  the  money.  Immediately 
upon  the  reception  of  this,  I  commence  the  practice  of  the  law." 

This  is  the  introduction  of  William  Wirt  to  Virginia,  a  state 
with  whose  fame  he  grew  to  be  almost  inseparably  identified,  and 
towards  which  he  never  ceased  to  look  with  the  affection  of  a 
child  for  a  parent. 

What  was  the  nature  of  the  "  manoeuvre"  by  which  he  circum- 
vented their  '■'  Honors"  and  thus  got  himself  prematurely  ensconced 
in  the  bosom  of  that  bountiful  mother,  we  are  not  informed.  But 
we  may,  with  some  reason,  account  that  to  be  a  pious  fraud  which 
so  successfully  gave  this  dutiful  and  reverential  son  to  a  family 

*  My  readers  will  recognize  in  this  reference,  Mr.  Thomas  Swann,  a  distinguished 
member  of  the  bar  of  Washington,  and  for  several  years  District  Attorney  of  the 
United  States  in  that  city.  The  acquaintance  between  him  and  Mr.  Wirt,  which 
commenced  at  this  early  period,  ripened  into  a  cordial  friendship  which  was  main- 
tained throughout  life  unbroken,  and  was  manifested  in  the  constant  habitual  ex- 
change of  kindness  which  the  proximity  of  residence  enabled  them  to  practice  to  tlie 
latest  day  of  Mr.  Wirt's  life.  Some  few  letters,  the  fragments  only  of  a  freijuent 
correspondence  between  them  remain.  I  have  particularly  to  regret  my  failure  to 
procure  that  portion  of  it  which  belonged  to  the  earlier  period  of  Mr.  Wirt's  career, 
in  which  I  had  hoped  to  find  some  instructive  details  of  his  life.  This  may  possibly 
yet  be  recovered. 


56  ADMITTED    TO    THE   BAR.  [1787—1792. 

which  has  never  ceased,  from  that  moment,  to  regard  him  as  one 
of  its  most  cherished  favorites.  In  a  more  worldly  sense,  too,  it 
may  be  reckoned  as  a  token  of  the  future  prosperity  of  the  young 
lawyer,  whose  first  case  was  won  by  so  commendable  a  piece  of 
sharp-sightedness.  Let  us,  on  our  part,  look  to  this  incident  both 
as  a  pledge  of  attachment  and  fealty  to  the  new  sovereign  from  its 
new  subject,  and  a  proof  of  his  adaptation  to  that  profession  which 
owes  so  much  of  its  thrift  if  not  its  glory,  to  the  dexterity  which 
is  occasionally  called  to  display  itself  in  finding  out  an  unguarded 
point  in  the  outworks  of  the  law. 

The  Court  in  which  he  was  admitted  to  practise,  was  that  of 
Culpepper  county,  and  his  residence  was  accordingly  taken  at 
the  court  house  village. 


CHAPTER    IV. 

1792—1794. 

HIS    LrBRARY.— FIRST    CASE— DIFFICULTIES    ATTENDING    IT —IS    ASSISTED 

BY    A    FRIEND — A    TRIUMPH HIS     COMPANIONABLE     QUALITIES.— HABITS 

OF    DESULTORY    STUDY— PRACTISES    IN   ALBEMARLE. 

We  have  the  young  practitioner  now  fairly  embarked  upon  the 
sea  of  his  profession. 

There  is  good  authority  for  saying  that  his  library  and  profes- 
sional equipment  were  not  of  the  most  various  or  effective  de- 
scription. He  has  told  the  story  himself,  that  his  whole  magazine 
of  intellectual  artillery,  at  this  period,  comprised  no  other  muni- 
tions than  a  copy  of  Blackstone,  two  volumes  of  Don  Quixotte 
and  a  volume  of  Tristram  Shandy.  Behind  these,  there  was,  pro- 
bably, a  twelve-months  study,  partly,  no  doubt,  travelled  along 
the  flinty  highway  of  Coke  and  Littleton,  but,  we  may  be  pretty 
confident  in  the  conjecture,  not  less  diligently  conversant  Avith  the 
secret  and  pleasant  byways  of  Tom  Jones,  Roderick  Random 
and  their  kindred  adventurers. 

He  was  now  upon  a  theatre  to  which  he  had  anxiously  aspired, 
and  one  which  would  surely  try  his  metal.  He  came  to  this  pro- 
bation under  some  fearful  disadvantages; — that  is  to  say,  with  no 
great  store  of  legal  provision,  and  with  his  constitutional  timidity 
still  unconquered. 

Only  those  who  have  gone  through  the  ordeal  of  public  contest, 
with  this  weight  upon  their  shoulders,  can  estimate  the  oppres- 
sion,— the  horror,  I  might  say — of  such  a  drawback.  The  ordi- 
nary pursuits  of  business-life  give  one  no  insight  into  the  suffer- 
ings of  the  public  speaker  who  is  compelled  to  struggle  against 
the  reluctance  of  a  diffident  nature.  The  young  hero  of  the  bus- 
kin when  first  brought  to  the  footlights  to  confront  that  combined 
Hydra  and  Briareus,  an  assembled  audience,  can  tell  a  piteous  tale 
of  terror,  if  asked  to  describe  his  emotions.  The  novitiate  of  a 
legislative  hall  may  give  an  interesting  experience  to  the  same 


58  FIRST   CASE.  [1792—1794. 

point.  But,  more  severe  than  either,  is  the  experiment  of  the  dis- 
consolate barrister  when  he  rises,  for  the  first  time,  to  discourse 
the  most  difficult  and  perplexing  of  all  human  lore  in  the  presence 
of  the  frowning  and  solemn  majesty  of  the  bench ;  or  when  he 
faces  that  personal  embodiment  of  popular  justice,  the  twelve 
"  probos  et  legales  homines,"  which  the  traverser  who  "  puts 
himself  upon  his  country,"  is  taught  to  believe,  by  a  violent  fic- 
tion, to  be  the  country  itself,  but  in  which  the  maiden  orator  sees 
only  a  most  formidable  fragment  of  it.  The  young  votary  who, 
for  the  first  time,  stands  in  this  presence,  surrounded  by  its  usual 
and  characteristic  auditory  drawn  thither  by  that  insatiable  love  of 
the  scenery  and  incident  of  the  judicial  drama,  which  is  prescrip- 
tively  the  passion  of  the  multitude;  when  he  sees  the  compact 
pavement  of  heads  extending  into  every  nook  within  the  horizon 
of  his  vision,  with  their  multitudinous  eyes  concentred  upon  one 
focus,  and  that  focus  himself, — all  eager  to  hear  every  word,  the 
general  curiosity  overcoming  all  uneasiness  of  attitude,  all  dis- 
comfort of  the  heated  atmosphere,  all  hunger  and  thirst — what 
.is  there  in  Fuseli's  imagination  of  nightmare  to  give  a  more  fright- 
ful picture  of  the  oppressed  brain  and  bewildered  sight  than  this 
spectacle,  presented  to  a  shy  and  unpractised  youth  ineffectually 
laboring,  in  advance,  to  repress  the  throes  of  a  consitutional 
diffidence!* 

Such  are  the  trials  familiar  to  those  whose  professions  compel 
them  to  encounter  this  discipline. 

Wirt's  enunciation  was  still  defective :  it  was  confused  and  hur- 
ried. His  voice,  when  undisturbed  by  that  timidity  which  de- 
prived him  of  his  command  over  it,  was  rich  and  melodious.  His 
person  was  at  this  time  quite  as  prepossessing  as  it  was  remarked 
to  be  in  his  later  manhood.  His  manners  were  well  adapted  to 
make  friends. 


*  One  such  scene  I  have  witnessed,  and  I  remember  the  agony  with  which  the 
confused  novitiate  arose  a  second  time — having  been  but  a  moment  before  com- 
pelled to  take  his  seat  in  the  hope  to  collect  his  routed  thoughts.  His  second  es- 
say was  not  more  fortunate  than  the  first.  He  stood  silent  for  a  brief  space,  and  at 
the  end  was  able  to  say — "  Gentlemen,  I  declare  to  Heaven,  that  if  I  had  an  enemy 
upon  whose  head  I  would  invoke  the  most  cruel  torture,  I  could  wish  him  no  other 
fate  than  to  stand  where  I  stand  now."  Curiously  enough  the  sympathy  which  this 
appeal  brought  him,  seemed  almost  instantly  to  give  him  strength.  A  short  pause 
was  followed  by  another  effort  which  was  completely,  and  even  triumphantly  suc- 
cessful. 


CHAP.  \V.]  FIRST    CASE.  59 

His  first  appearance  at  the  bar  is  described  by  his  biographer 
pretty  much  from  his  own  account  of  the  incident.  It  was  well 
remembered  amongst  Mr.  Wirt's  early  friends.  Luckily  for  him, 
this  first  accost  was  attended  by  some  excitements  which  over- 
mastered his  shyness  and  reserve,  and  saved  him  many  pains. 
The  occasion  and  its  events  are  set  forth  with  so  much  interest  in 
Cruse's  memoir,  that  I  take  pleasure  in  offering  his  description  of 
it  in  his  own  words. 

"  With  these  advantages  and  defects,  such  as  they  were," 
says  the  memoir,  "  he  was  to  begin  the  competitions  of  the  bar 
in  a  part  of  the  country  where  he  was  quite  unknown,  and  where 
mucli  talent  had  pre-occupied  the  ground,  with  experience  on  its 
side  and  acquaintance  with  the  people  and  their  affairs.  There  is 
no  part  of  the  world  where,  more  than  in  Virginia,  these  embar- 
rassments would  be  lessened  to  a  new  adventurer;  as  there  is  no 
where  a  more  courteous  race  of  gentlemen  accessible  to  the  pre- 
possessions which  merit  excites.  There  was,  however,  another 
embarrassment ;  our  lawyer  had  no  cause.  But  he  encountered 
here  a  young  friend  much  in  the  same  circumstances,  but  who  had 
a  single  case,  which  he  proposed  to  share  with  Wirt,  as  the 
means  of  making  a  joint  debut.  With  this  small  stock  in  trade 
they  went  to  attend  the  first  County  Court. 

"  Their  case  was  one  of  joint  assault  and  battery,  with  joint 
judgment  against  three,  of  whom  two  had  been  released  subse- 
quently to  the  judgment,  and  the  third,  who  had  been  taken  in 
execution  and  im[)risoned,  claimed  the  benefit  of  that  release  as 
enuring  to  himself.  Under  these  circumstances,  the  matter  of  dis- 
charge having  haj)pened  since  the  judgment,  the  old  remedy  was 
by  the  writ  of  audita  querela.  But  Mr.  Wirt  and  his  associates 
had  learned  from  their  Blackstone  that  the  indulgence  of  courts  in 
modern  times,  in  granting  summary  relief,  in  such  cases,  had,  in  a 
great  measure  superseded  the  use  of  the  old  writ ;  and  accordingly 
presented  their  case  in  the  form  of  a  motion. 

"  The  motion  was  opened  by  Wirt's  friend  with  all  the  alarm 
of  a  first  essay.  The  bench  was  then,  in  Virginia  County  Courts, 
composed  of  the  ordinary  justices  of  the  peace  ;  and  the  elder 
members  of  the  bar,  by  a  usage,  the  more  necessary  from  the  con- 
stitution of  the  tribunal,  frequently  interposed  as  amici  curi(e,  or 
informers  of  the  conscience  of  the  court.     It  appears  that  on  the 


60  A    TRIUMPH.  [1792—1794. 

case  being  opened,  some  of  these  customary  advisers  denied  that 
a  release  to  one,  after  judgment,  released  the  other,  and  they 
denied,  also,  the  propriety  of  the  form  of  proceeding.  The  ire  of 
our  beginner  was  kindled  by  this  reception  of  his  friend,  and  by 
this  voluntary  interference  with  their  motion ;  and  when  he  came 
to  reply  he  forgot  the  natural  alarms  of  the  occasion,  and  main- 
tained his  point  with  recollection  and  firmness.  This  awaked  the 
generosity  of  an  elder  member  of  the  bar,  a  person  of  considera- 
tion in  the  neighborhood  and  a  good  lawyer.  He  stepped  in  as 
an  auxiliary,  remarking  that  he  also  was  amicus  curice,  and,  per- 
haps, as  much  entitled  to  act  as  such  as  others  ;  in  which  capacity 
he  would  state  his  conviction  of  the  propriety  of  the  motion,  and 
that  the  court  was  not  at  liberty  to  disregard  it;  adding  that  its 
having  come  from  a  new  quarter  gave  it  but  a  stronger  claim  on 
the  candor  and  urbanity  of  a  Virginian  bar.  The  two  friends 
carried  their  point  in  triumph,  and  the  worthy  ally  told  his 
brethren,  in  his  plain  phrase,  that  they  had  best  make  fair  weather 
with  one  who  promised  to  be  a  thorn  in  their  side.  The  advice 
was,  we  dare  say,  unnecessary.  The  bar  of  that  county  wanted 
neither  talent  nor  courtesy ;  and  the  champion  having  vindicated 
his  pretensions  to  enter  the  list,  was  thenceforward  engaged  in 
many  a  courteous  passage  at  arms. 

"The  auxiliary  mentioned  in  the  above  anecdote,  was  the  late 
General  John  Miner,  of  Fredericksburg,  of  whom  Wirt,  in  sub- 
sequent years,  often  spoke  with  strong  gratitude  and  esteem. 
'  There  was  never,'  he  says,  '  a  more  finished  and  engaging 
gentleman,  nor  one  of  a  more  warm,  honest  and  affectionate 
heart.  He  was  as  brave  a  man  and  as  true  a  patriot  as  ever  lived. 
He  was  a  most  excellent  lawyer  too,  with  a  most  persuasive  flow 
of  eloquence,  simple,  natural  and  graceful,  and  most  affecting 
wherever  there  was  room  for  pathos ;  and  his  pathos  was  not  arti- 
ficial rhetoric;  it  was  of  that  true  sort  which  flows  from  a  feeling 
heart  and  a  noble  mind.  He  was  my  firm  and  constant  friend 
from  that  day  through  a  long  life ;  and  took  occasion,  several 
times  in  after  years,  to  remind  me  of  his  prophecy,  and  to  insist 
on  my  obligation  to  sustain  his  '  prophetic  reputation.'  He  left  a 
large  and  most  respectable  family,  and  lives  embalmed  in  the 
hearts  of  all  who  knew  him.' " 


CHAP.  IV.  DESULTORY   STUDY.  61 

In  this  his  first  adventure,  he  was  more  successful  than  those 
who  knew  him  best  had  expected.  He  was  indebted  for  this,  in 
no  small  degree,  to  the  lucky  accident  of  having  his  temper 
aroused  for  the  conflict.  We  may  suppose,  too,  that  the  aid  and 
comfort  of  that  powerful  ally  to  whom  the  story  refers,  was  felt, 
not  less  in  the  kindness  and  encouragement  of  a  friendly  counte- 
nance bestowed  upon  tlie  young  pleader  at  his  first  rising,  than  in 
the  substantial  assistance  given  before  the  trial  was  ended.  The 
sympathy  of  a  good  natured  face,  the  warm  gaze  of  a  friendly  eye, 
and  the  silent  gesture  of  approbation  and  assent  are  potent  antidotes 
to  the  alarms  which  players  are  wont  to  call  "  the  stage  fright," 
and  what,  in  the  Hall  of  Themis,  we  may  term,  in  analogy  to 
this,  "the  fright  of  the  bar." 

The  ordeal,  however,  was  past.  The  ice  was  broken,  and  the 
new  barrister  felt  that  he  might  thenceforth  walk  into  the  courts 
unquestioned. 

Those  who  knew  Wirt  in  that  day  were  accustomed  to  speak 
of  him  as  a  gay  and  happy  companion,  careless  somewhat  of  the 
labor  of  his  profession,  and  more  disposed  to  cultivate  the  con- 
genial pleasures  of  good  fellowship  than  to  pursue,  by  any  painful 
toil,  the  road  to  fame.  It  was  therefore  usual  to  say,  that,  at  this 
period  of  his  life,  he  gave  no  very  recognizable  pledge  of  that 
eminence  which  he  afterwards  attained.  It  may  be  true  that  his 
studies  were  not  so  conversant  with  the  deeps  of  legal  science,  as 
one  might  demand  from  the  ambitious  lawyer,  and  even  that  he 
doffed  aside  the  sometimes  admonishing  hopes  of  a  solid  profes- 
sional fame ;  but  it  can  scarcely  be  true  that  an  active  and  appre- 
hensive mind,  such  as  his,  was  suffered  either  to  rest  for  want  of 
use,  or  to  devote  itself  to  frivolous  or  useless  subjects.  We  have 
many  evidences  in  the  letters  and  other  papers  which  have  reached 
us,  that  the  most  absorbing  passion  of  his  nature  was  a  longing  for 
that  renown  which  was  chiefly  to  be  won  in  forensic  triumphs.  We 
may  confess  it  to  be  equally  true  that  there  is  apparent,  in  all  that 
has  transpired,  regarding  this  portion  of  the  life  of  Mr.  Wirt,  a 
sad  want  of  system  in  his  study.  There  are  minds,  however,  of 
the  very  highest  power,  which  seem  to  reject  system  with  instinc- 
tive aversion,  and  to  pursue  their  aims  with  what  might  be  called 
a  capricious  versatility  of  study  ;  which,  being  susceptible  of  vivid 
impressions  from  the  objects  upon  which  they  are  employed,  are 

VOL.  1 — 6 


> 


62  PRACTISES   IN   ALBEMARLE.  [1792—1794. 

apt  to  be  enticed  from  the  course  of  methodical  occupation  by  the 
attraction  of  new  pursuits,  or  driven  from  it  by  the  weariness  or 
pain  of  the  old. 

We  may  conclude  that,  to  some  extent,  this  remark  is  applica- 
ble to  the  character  of  Mr.  Wirt's  mind.  With  an  eye  quick  to 
discern  beauty,  whether  in  nature  or  art,  with  a  teeming  and 
active  imagination,  with  a  heart  full  of  the  charities  of  life,  and 
with  a  keen  zest  for  the  delights  of  a  frank  companionship,  it 
may  be  believed  that  neither  his  professional  zeal,  nor  his  hopes 
of  future  fame,  were,  at  all  times  a  match  for  these  antagonists,  nor 
potent  enough  to  guard  him  against  their  seductions ;  that  both  his 
studies  and  his  recreations  were  likely  to  seek  their  pleasures  in 
that  field  where  the  poetry  of  life  held  an  acknowledged  sway 
over  the  severer,  and  we  may  even  say,  repulsive  studies  to  which 
"  the  youth  whom  the  law  destines  to  a  bright  manhood"  is  com- 
pelled to  devotevhis  time. 

He  continued  to  practise  at  the  bar  of  Culpepper  court  some 
one  or  two  years  with  increasing  success ;  in  the  meanwhile  ex- 
tending his  acquaintance  and  business  connections  into  the  neigh- 
boring counties.  In  this  circuit  he  included  Albemarle  county,  a 
region  of  Virginia  especially  distinguished  for  eminent  and  highly 
cultivated  men.  The  aspiring  barrister  here  found  many  friends, 
whose  influence  in  the  control  of  his  future  life  was  of  the  most 
fortunate  aspect. 


CHAPTER    V. 

1794—1799. 

ALBEMARLE  FRFENDS.— DR.  GrLMER._MR.  JEFFERSON,  MR.  MADISON  AND  MR. 

MONROE.— JAMES  BARBOUR MARRIES    MILDRED  GILMER PEN    PARK DR. 

GILMER'S     LIBRARY HOSPITALITY      OF     THE      COUNTRY DANGERS      TO 

WHICH    HE  WAS    EXPOSED CHARACTER    OF   THE    BAR.— HIS    POPULARITY 

AND     FREE     HABITS FRANCIS     WALKER     GILMER.— THOMAS    W.    GILMER, 

LATE    SECRETARY    OF    THE     NAVY DABNEY    CARR    AND    HIS    FAMILY — 

ANECDOTE    OF    BARBOUR    AND    WIRT —STATE     OF     FLU.— DEATH    OF    DR. 
GILMER.— ROSE  HILL LETTER  TO  CARR. 

Amongst  the  friends  whom  Wirt  found  at  this  period,  in  Albe- 
marle, was  Doctor  George  Gilmer.  This  gentleman,  the  descend- 
ant of  a  Scotch  family  which  had  emigrated  at  an  early  date  to 
Virginia,  had  been  prepared  for  his  profession  in  Edinburg,  and 
was  at  this  time  an  eminent  physician,  in  the  enjoyment  of  a  large 
practice.  He  lived  at  Pen  Park,  his  family  seat,  in  the  neighbor- 
hood of  Charlottesville.  He  had  been  noted  as  a  zealous  and 
effective  friend  of  the  Revolution — had  borne  arms  in  the  cause ; 
was  a  man  of  genius,  of  accomplished  education,  wit  and  refine- 
ment. Living  in  the  immediate  neighborhood  of  Mr.  Jefferson, 
and  within  a  day's  ride  of  Mr.  Monroe  and  Mr.  Madison,  it  was 
his  singular  good  fortune  to  enjoy  the  intimate  acquaintance  and 
friendship  of  these  distinguished  men. 

His  family  circle  furnished  attractions  both  to  old  and  young. 
His  children  drew  around  them  many  cheerful  and  happy  com- 
panions, and  his  own  accomplishments,  as  a  man  of  letters  and 
observation,  brought  him  the  best  society  of  the  time.  An  elegant 
hospitality  prevailed  in  his  household ;  choice  books  were  found 
in  his  library;  instructive  and  agreeable  conversation  enlivened 
liis  fireside.  Pen  Park  exhibited  just  such  a  combination  of  rare 
and  pleasant  appurtenances  as  are  likely  to  make  the  best  impres- 
sions upon  the  mind  of  an  ingenuous  and  ambitious  youth,  and  to 
inspire  him  with  zeal  in  the  cultivation  of  virtue  and  knowledge. 


64  HIS    MARRIAGE.  [1794—1799. 

Of  the  children  who,  at  this  date,  graced  the  family  board, 
there  were  two  with  whom  these  memoirs  have  an  intimate  con- 
nection. The  first  was  Mildred,  the  eldest  of  the  family;  the 
other  was  Francis  Walker,  the  youngest  born  of  a  numerous  pro- 
geny. The  daughter  was  richly  gifted  with  the  gentle  attractions 
of  her  sex,  intellectual,  kind,  cheerful,  and  noted  for  her  good 
sense  and  just  observation.  She  was  then  just  growing  into  wo- 
manhood, with  all  the  joys  of  that  happy  period  radiant  in  her 
face.  The  imaginative  and  susceptible  young  barrister  found  a 
fairy  land  in  this  romantic  spot,  and  a  spell  in  the  eye  and  tongue  • 
of  the  maiden  which  charmed  too  wisely  to  be  broken.  The 
father's  regard  for  him  opened  the  way  to  a  closer  alliance,  and  it 
was  not  long  before  he  took  his  place  in  the  family  as  a  cherished 
son-in-law. 

The  marriage  was  solemnized  at  Pen  Park,  on  the  28th  of 
May,  1795.  From  this  period  Wirt's  residence  was  established 
with  the  family  of  his  wife.  His  practice  and  reputation  in- 
creased. Amongst  several  lawyers,  then  and  afterwards  well 
known  to  fame  in  that  region,  he  is  said  to  have  stood  on  the  same 
platform  with  the  best.  Of  these  it  would  be  sufficient  to  men- 
tion the  names  of  Barbour  Cabell, — now  the  President  of  the 
Court  of  Appeals  of  Virginia, — Carr,  Davenport,  Austin,  Stuart 
and  others,  who  will  be  recognised,  by  those  who  are  familiar 
with  the  bar  of  Virginia,  as  gentlemen  who  enjoyed  a  well  de- 
served repute  for  professional  worth,  and  some  of  whom  after- 
wards attained  to  an  enviable  celebrity  throughout  the  Union. 

From  this  date  we  may  observe  the  steady  advancement  of  the 
fortunes  of  the  subject  of  this  narrative — shaded  now  and  then,  by 
a  temporary  cloud, — but  nevertheless  forced  onward  by  the  innate 
strength  of  his  character  and  the  impetus  of  brilliant  talents  and 
useful  attainments.  Doctor  Gilmer  became  warmly  attached  to 
him  ;  brought  him  into  intimate  acquaintance  with  the  illustrious 
persons  to  whom  I  have  referred  ;  whetted  his  appetite  for  elegant 
literature,  by  the  habitual  display  of  his  own  stores  gathered  in 
the  diligent  study  of  it ;  gave  fresh  vigor  to  his  taste  and  fancy, 
by  directing  his  studies  to  the  best  books.  The  young  student 
was  charmed  to  find  such  happy  access  as  the  Doctor's  library 
afforded,  to  those  fountains  of  English  thought  and  speech  which 
poured  their  streams  through  the  pages  of  Hooker,  Boyle,  Locke, 


CHAP,  v.]  PEN    PARK.  G5 

Barrow,  South,  Bacon  and  Milton.  From  these  he  drank  deep 
draughts,  and  filled  his  mind  with  that  reverence  for  the  old  liter- 
ature  of  our  native  tongue,  which  was  ever  after  noted  as  one  of 
the  most  determinate  characteristics  of  his  mind.  His  acquaintance 
with  Mr.  Jefferson,  Mr.  Madison  amd  Mr.  Monroe,  at  this  date, 
before  either  of  them  had  been  elevated  to  that  high  honor  which 
each  subsequently  attained,  led,  in  due  time,  to  confidential  esteem 
and  friendship,  which  was  variously  manifested  throughout  the 
lives  of  the  parties.  Such  a  fact  as  this  may  be  interpreted  to 
furnish  the  strongest  evidence  of  the  personal  merit  of  the  indi- 
vidual to  whom  it  relates. 

Happy, — most  auspicious,  was  it  for  him  that  he  was  thrown 
thus  early  under  the  guidance  of  so  kind  and  competent  a  friend  as 
the  worthy  proprietor  of  Pen  Park.  Fortune  confers  no  richer 
boon  upon  generous  and  aspiring  youth  than  when  she  gives  him 
wise  and  aifectionate  friends.  To  win  an  honored  place  in  the 
household  and  in  the  heart  of  a  liberal,  refined,  benevolent  and 
observant  gentleman ;  to  be  freshly  engrafted  upon  a  loving  and 
pure  minded  family ;  to  feel  the  gentle  and  considerate  kindness 
of  parents  seconding  and  sustaining  the  devotion  of  a  wife  ;  to 
observe  all  around  him  the  blossoms  of  a  new  affection,  diffusing 
their  fragrance  into  the  atmosphere  which  he  inhabits,  and  daily 
ripening  into  fruit  for  his  enjoyment — there  are  (tw  natures  so 
stolid  as  not  to  draw  from  these  environments  good  store  of  nutri- 
ment to  improve  the  heart,  exalt  its  charities,  and  quicken  its  im- 
pulses towards  the  cultivation  of  virtue,  honor  and  religion.  It  is 
true  that  such  blandishments  are  not  exempt  from  the  necessity  of 
that  vigilant  self-control,  which'  every  condition  of  fortune  seems 
to  exact  from  a  well  ordered  mind.  The  vicious  enticements  of 
life  openly  challenge  us  to  be  upon  our  guard,  and  there  is  no 
great  share  of  merit  to  be  awarded  to  the  youth  who  plainly  per- 
ceiving the  danger,  arms  himself  in  good  time  against  it.  But 
when  prosperity  enlivens  all  around  us,  and  affection  is  con- 
tinually striving  to  make  us  happy  by  the  offerings  of  kindness,  the 
heart  is  sometimes  taken  unawares  by  its  own  jocund  and  over- 
flowing content,  and  may  fall  into  the  snares  of  that  pleasure  whicli 
the  generosity  of  friendship  itself  administers.  I  do  not  wish  to 
conceal  the  fact  that  at  this  time  of  the  life  of  Mr.  Wirt,  he  was 
not  altogether  free  from  the  censure  of  having  sometimes  yielded 
VOL.  1 — 6* 


66  HOSPITALITY    OF   THE   COUNTRY.  [1794—1709. 

to  the  spells  of  the  tempter  and  fallen  into  some  occasional  irreg- 
ularities of  conduct.  I  am  aware  that  this  charge  has  been  made 
in  graver  form,  with  some  amplitude  of  detail  and  circumstance. 
It  is  partly  to  correct  what  is  false  in  this,  but  much  more  from  a 
consideration  of  what  is  due  to  truth  and  to  the  impartial  presen- 
tation of  the  subject  of  my  biography,  that  I  now  allude  to  it.  I 
cannot  be  insensible,  either,  to  the  duty  of  exhibiting  to  the  youth 
of  the  country  a  faithful  picture  of  an  eminent  man,  in  whose 
career  they  may  study  the  best  lesson  for  their  own  guidance  to  a 
life  of  public  usefulness  and  to  the  reward  of  an  honorable  fame. 
I  should  not  be  true  to  this  aim  if  I  kept  out  of  view  the  occasions 
which  should  enable  me  to  show  how  strictly  the  most  virtuous 
natures  should  observe  the  tendency  of  every  quick  impulse,  doubt 
its  safety,  and  check  its  first  extravagance. 

Wirt  was  now  twenty-five  years  of  age.  He  was  companion- 
able, warm-hearted  and  trustful.  His  mind  was  quick,  and  imbued 
with  a  strong  relish  for  wit  and  humor.  An  old  friend,  who  knew 
him  well  in  that  day,  says  of  him :  "  He  had  never  met  with  any 
man  so  highly  engaging  and  prepossessing.  His  figure  was  stri- 
kingly elegant  and  commanding,  with  a  face  of  the  first  order  of 
masculine  beauty,  animated,  and  expressing  high  intellect.  His 
manners  took  the  tone  of  his  heart :  they  were  frank,  open  and 
cordial,  and  his  conversation,  to  which  his  reading  and  early  pur- 
suits had  given  a  classic  tinge,  was  very  polished,  gay  and  witty. 
Altogether,"  he  adds,  "  he  was  a  most  fascinating  companion, 
and  to  those  of  his  own  age,  irresistibly  and  universally  winning."  * 

Such  a  character,  we  may  suppose,  to  be  but  too  susceptible  to 
the  influences  of  good  fellowship,  which,  in  the  jollity  of  youth- 
ful association,  not  unfrequently  take  the  discretion  of  the  votary 
by  surprise  and  disarm  its  sentinels.  The  fashion  of  that  time  in- 
creased this  peril.  An  unbounded  hospitality  amongst  the  gentle- 
men of  the  country,  opened  every  door  to  the  indulgence  of  con- 
vivial habits.  The  means  of  enjoyment  were  not  more  constantly 
present  than  the  solicitations  to  use  them.  Every  dinner  party 
was  a  revel ;  every  ordinary  visit  was  a  temptation.  The  gentle- 
men of  the  bar,  especially,  indulged  in  a  license  of  free  livin"- 
which  habitually  approached  the  confines  of  excess,  and  often 

*  Cruse's  Memoir. 


CHAP,  v.] 


CHARACTER    OF    THE   BAR.  67 


overstepped   them.      The   riding  of  the  circuit,  which  always 
brought  several  into  company,  and  the  adventures  of  the  wayside, 
gave  to  the  bar  a  sportive  and  light-hearted  tone  of  association, 
which  greatly  fostered  the  opportunity  and  the  inclination  for  con- 
vivial pleasures.     A  day  spent  upon  the  road  on  horseback,  the 
customary  visits  made  to  friends  by  the   way,  the  jest  and  the 
song,  the  unchecked  vivacity  inspired  by  this  grouping  together 
of  kindred  spirits, — all  had  their  share  in  imparting  to  the  brother- 
hood that  facility  of  temper  and  recklessness  of  the  more  severe 
and  sober  comment  of  the  world,  which,  it  will  be  acknowledged, 
is  dangerous  to  youth  in  proportion  to  the  enjoyment  it  affords. 
Then,  the  contests  of  the  bar  which  followed  in  the  forum,  the 
occasions  they  afforded  for  the  display  of  wit  and  eloquence  and 
the  congratulation  of  friends,  were  so  many  additional  provoca- 
tives to  that  indulgence  which  found  free   scope  when  evening 
brought  all  together,  under  one  roof,  to  rehearse  their  pleasant  ad- 
ventures, and  to  set  flowing  the  currents  of  mirth  and  good  humor, — 
"  to  make  a  night  of  it,"  as  the  phrase  is,  kept  merry  by   the 
stimulants  of  good  cheer.     The  bar  yet  retains  some  of  these  char- 
acteristics;  but  the  present  generation  may  but  feebly  conceive 
the  pervading  and  careless  joyousness  with  Avhich,  in  that  early 
time,  the  members  of  their  mirthful  craft,  pursued  their  business 
through  a  country  side.     I  mean  no  disparagement  to  the  learned 
and  gay  profession,  but,  on  the  contrary,  some  commendation  of 
the  kindly  spirit  of  its  brotherhood,  when  I  say,  that  in  these  inci- 
dents of  its  character  and  association,  there  was  manifested  some- 
thing of  the  light-heartedness  and  improvidence  of  the  old-fash- 
ioned strolling  theatrical  companies.     The  present  generation  will 
bear  witness  to  many  an  ancient  green-room  joke  of  the  circuit, 
which  yet  floats  abroad  in  Virginia,  with  a  currency  scarcely  less 
notable  than  when  it  was  first  cast  off. 

William  Wirt  was  Avell  known  in  these  associations  of  Albe- 
marle and  the  surrounding  counties,  an  admired  object  in  the  court 
house  during  the  day,  a  leading  spirit  in  the  evening  coterie; 
eloquent  on  the  field  of  justice,  sustaining  his  client's  cause  with  a 
shrewd  and  sometimes  brilliant  skill;  not  less  eloquent  at  the  table 
or  the  mess-room,  where  his  faculties  were  allowed  to  expatiate 
through  another  range,  and  where  he  gave  reins  to  the  wit  and 
mirth  which  shook  the  roof-tree.     We  may  not  wonder  that,  in 


68  FRANCIS    WALKER   GILMER.  [1794—1799. 

the  symposia  of  these  days,  the  graver  maxims  of  caution  were 
forgotten,  and  that  the  enemy  of  human  happiness,  always  lying  at 
lurch  to  make  prey  of  the  young,  should  sometimes  steal  upon  his 
guard  and  make  his  virtue  prisoner. 

The  too  frequent  recurrence  of  these  misadventures  in  that  day, 
have  furnished  food  for  much  gross  calumny  in  regard  to  him,  and 
have  led  to  the  fabrication  of  coarse  and  disgusting  charges  of 
vulgar  excess,  which  I  am  persuaded  are  utterly  groundless.  The 
friends  of  Mr.  Wirt  have  seen  with  regret,  that  the  most  offensive 
of  these  inventions  have  sometimes  been  used,  with  many  fanciful 
and  absurd  additions  of  circumstance,  by  indiscreet  zealots  in  the 
cause  of  temperance,  who  have  seemed  to  think  it  quite  excusable 
to  repeat  and  aggravate  the  most  improbable  of  these  falsehoods, 
for  the  sake  of  the  profit  which  they  suppose  may  accrue  to  the 
world  from  the  use  of  a  distinguished  name  to  point  the  moral  of 
their  story.  Whilst  not  seeking  to  extenuate  the  irregularities  to 
which  I  have  alluded,  beyond  what  they  may  fairly  claim  from  the 
circumstances  in  which  they  were  indulged,  and,  indeed,  recur- 
ing  to  them  only  with  a  profound  regret,  I  could  not  allow  the 
occasion  now  before  me  to  pass  by  without  this  open  and  distinct 
denunciation  of  the  libels  I  have  seen,  and  of  the  terms  of  wanton 
and  malicious  exaggeration  in  which  they  have  been  repeated. 

Francis  Walker  Gilmer,  the  youngest  son  of  the  Doctor,  will  be 
often  referred  to  in  the  course  of  this  narrative.  At  the  time  of 
Wirt's  marriage  he  was  but  a  child.  As  he  grew  towards  man- 
hood he  developed  a  high  order  of  talent,  which  led  him  to  the 
study  of  the  law  and  to  the  eager  pursuit  of  letters.  He  was 
eminently  qualified  to  excel  in  both.  An  early  death,  however, 
deprived  the  bar  of  the  promised  distinction  which  seemed  to 
await  the  student ;  and  the  literature  of  the  nation  has  been  en- 
riched only  to  the  amount  of  a  few  unstudied  essays,  which  acquired 
a  temporary  distinction  from  the  presage  they  afforded  of  what  the 
author  was  capable  of  accomplishing.  Some  of  my  readers  will 
probably  remember  a  iew  rapid,  striking  and  scholar-like  delinea- 
tions of  eminent  public  men,  which,  some  twenty  years  ago,  at- 
tracted a  large  share  of  attention  at  the  seat  of  Government,  under 
the  title  of  ''  Sketches  of  American  Orators."  These  sketches, 
collected  into  a  small  volume,  I  believe  constitute  nearly  all  that 


CHAP,  v.]  DABNEY    CARR    AND    HIS    FAMILY.  69 

Francis  Walker  Gilmer  has  left  in  the  way  of  a  contribution  to  the 
literary  store  of  the  country. 

Mr.  Jefferson's  friendshijj  for  Dr.  Gilmer  was  extended  to  the 
son,  and  Francis  was  educated  almost  entirely  under  the  direction 
of  the  proprietor  of  Monticello,  whose  estimate  of  his  talents  and 
learning  was  frequently  manifested  both,  in  written  correspondence 
and  personal  intercourse,  by  the  most  flattering  expressions  of 
confidence.  He  enjoyed,  in  scarcely  inferior  degree,  the  esteem 
of  Mr.  Jefferson's  friend,  the  Abbe  Correa,  some  time  Minister 
from  Portugal  to  this  country,  a  man  of  distinguished  erudition 
and  always  a  most  welcome  and  admired  visiter  at  Monticello. 

I  may  mention  in  this  place,  that  the  family  of  Pen  Park  has 
been  recently  more  conspicuously  brought  to  the  view  of  the 
public,  by  the  interest  attached  to  the  career  of  Thomas  Walker 
Gilmer,  a  grandson  of  the  Doctor,  not  long  since  governor  of  Vir- 
ginia, and  later  still.  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  which  post  he  held 
for  a  few  months  under  the  disastrous  administration  of  the  first 
Vice-President  who  has  ever  been  called  to  the  Presidental  chair 
of  the  Union.  The  bursting  of  the  great  gun,  "  the  Peace-Maker," 
on  board  of  the  Princeton,  in  February,  1844,  will  long  be  remem- 
bered in  Virginia  for  the  sudden  and  melancholy  end  it  brought 
to  the  Secretary,  then  in  the  prime  of  vigorous  manhood  and  in  the 
anticipation  of  a  life  of  increasing  honors. 

Wirt,  as  I  have  hinted,  was  not  the  most  sedate  of  all  who 
rode  the  circuits.  In  those  old-fashioned  progresses  from  court 
to  court,  when  the  gentlemen  of  the  bar,  booted  and  spurred,  rode 
forth  more  like  huntsmen  than  learned  clerks, — or,  like  the  Can- 
terbury pilgrims,  partially  united  the  character  of  both, — sedate- 
ness  was  no  very  popular  virtue  in  the  troop.  Amongst  those  who 
constituted  Wirt's  associates  on  these  occasions,  Dabney  Carr  was 
the  most  intimate.  James  Barbour,  also,  was  a  companion  and 
friend  of  both.  These  friendships,  so  early  began,  lost  nothing  of 
their  kindness  or  sincerity,  throughout  the  vicissitudes  and  separa- 
tion of  after  life. 

Dabney  Carr,  the  father  of  the  gentleman  I  have  just  named, 
was  a  man  of  high  consideration  in  the  state.  He  was  a  mem- 
ber of  the  Legislature  in  1773,  from  Louisa,  and  most  favorably 
known  for  his  ability  and  zeal  on  the  side  of  the  colonies,  in  their 
resistance  to  the  encroachments  of  the  parent  government.     He 


70  DABNEY    CARR.  [1794—1799. 

was  the  intimate  friend  of  Henry,  Nicholas,  Lee,  Pendleton,  Jef- 
ferson,— indeed  of  all  who  had  become  distinguished  in  Virginia 
in  promoting  the  first  movements  of  the  revolution. 

With  Mr.  Jefferson  he  had  a  nearer  connection,  having  married 
his  sister.  He  died  in  May,  1773,  almost  immediately  after  the 
adjournment  of  that  Legislature  in  which  he  had  distinguished 
himself  by  the  spirit  and  eloquence  with  which  he  urged  the  pro- 
position, then  first  introduced  by  himself,  for  a  more  effective  and 
concentrated  action  of  the  colonies  through  the  means  of  commit- 
tees— a  proposition  which,  being  adopted,  seems  to  have  stimu- 
lated the  formation  of  the  first  Continental  Congress.*  He  left 
behind  him  six  children,  of  whom  the  three  youngest  were  sons, 
Peter,  Samuel  and  Dabney. 

Dabney,  the  youngest  of  these,  was  born  but  a  month  before 
the  death  of  his  father,  and  was,  therefore,  not  more  than  half  a 
year  the  junior  of  his  friend  and  comrade.  Wirt.  These  two 
young  men,  so  near  the  same  age,  living  in  the  same  part  of  the 
country,  practising  at  the  same  bar,  possessing  great  similarity  of 
temper  and  character,  both  animated  by  the  same  ambition,  con- 
tracted an  affectionate  intimacy  which  never  afterwards  lost  its 
warmth,  and  which,  as  the  reader  will  hereafter  perceive,  was 
most  pleasantly  illustrated  in  the  correspondence  between  them  to 
the  latest  period  of  their  lives. 

Peter  Carr,  the  eldest  of  the  three  brothers,  attracted  the  par- 
ticular notice  and  regard  of  his  uncle,  Mr.  Jefferson,  in  whose 
published  correspondence  will  be  found  many  evidences  of  the  con- 
cern he  took  in  the  education  of  his  nephew.  This  gentleman  had 
directed  his  attention  to  the  bar,  which  at  that  date,  much  more 
even  than  at  present,  was  regarded  as  the  best  avenue  to  distinc- 
tion. He,  however,  did  not  practise,  but,  preferring  rural  life  and 
the  pleasures  of  philosophical  and  literary  study,  betook  him- 
self to  a  farm  in  Albemarle,  where  he  lived  greatly  beloved  by 
his  friends  for  his  bland,  affectionate  and  upright  character,  and 
admired  by  all  who  knew  him  as  a  polished  and  elegant  scholar. 
Colonel  Samuel  Carr,  the  second  of  these  sons,  is  still  living, 
an  opulent  country  gentleman,  well  known  both  in  the  political 

•  See  Mr.  Jefferson's  letter  to  Dabney  Carr,  April,  1816.     Writings  of  Jefferson, 
vol.  4,  p.  271. 


CHAP,  v.]  ANECDOTE,  A  PROPHECY.  71 

and  social  circles  of  Virginia,  as  one  of  her  most  valued  citizens. 
He  resided,  during  a  great  portion  of  his  life,  upon  a  landed  estate 
in  Albemarle,  called  Dunlora,  and  represented  his  district  in  the 
State  Senate,  where  he  acquired  an  extensive  and  well  deserved 
influence. 

It  was  in  the  circle  of  which  these  gentlemen  were  amongst  the 
most  prominent  members,  that  Wirt  found  the  cherished  compan- 
ions of  his  early  forensic  life. 

An  incident,  connected  with  this  period,  is  worth  relating. 

James  Barbour,  Dabney  Carr  and  Wirt,  were  on  their  custo- 
mary journey  to  Fluvanna,  the  adjoining  county  to  Albemarle,  to 
attend  the  court  there,  "  the  State  of  Flu,"  as  that  county  was 
called  in  their  jocular  terms.  They  had  been  amusing  each  other 
with  the  usual  prankishness  which  characterised  their  intercourse. 
Wirt  was  noted  for  making  clever  speeches,  as  they  rode  to- 
gether. In  these,  he  was  wont  to  imagine  some  condition  of  cir- 
cumstances adapted  to  his  displays.  Sometimes  he  rode  ahead  of 
his  companions,  and,  waiting  for  them  by  the  road  side,  welcomed 
them,  in  an  oration  of  mock  gravity,  to  the  confines  of  "  the  State 
of  Flu,"  representing  himself  to  be  one  of  its  dignitaries,  sent 
there  to  receive  the  distinguished  persons  into  whom  he  had  trans- 
formed the  young  attorneys  of  the  circuit.  These  exhibitions,  and 
others  of  the  same  kind,  are  said  to  have  been  of  the  most  comic 
spirit,  and  to  have  afforded  many  a  laugh  to  the  actors.  At  the 
time  of  the  incident  I  am  about  to  relate,  the  three  whom  I  have 
mentioned,  arrived  at  Carr's  Brook,  in  Albemarle,  the  residence  of 
Peter  Carr,  where  they  dined  and  passed  the  night.  During  this 
visit,  whilst  indulging  their  customary  merriment,  Barbour  enter- 
tained them  with  a  discourse  upon  the  merits  of  himself  and  his 
companions,  in  the  course  of  which  he  undertook  to  point  out 
their  respective  destinations  in  after  life.  "  You,  Dabney,"  said 
he,  "  have  indulged  a  vision  of  judicial  eminence.  You  shall  be 
gratified,  and  shall  hold  a  seat  on  the  Bench  of  the  Court  of  Ap- 
peals of  Virginia.  Your  fortune,  William,"  he  continued,  address- 
ing himself  to  Wirt,  "  shall  conduct  you  to  the  Attorney  General- 
ship of  the  United  States,  where  you  shall  have  harder  work  to 
do  than  making  bombastic  speeches  in  the  woods  of  Albemarle. 


72  LETTER   TO    CARR.  [1794-1799. 

As  for  myself,  I  shall  be  content  to  take  my  seat  in  the  Senate  of 
the  United  States." 

This  little  passage  in  the  lives  of  the  three  gay  companions, 
has  only  become  notable  from  the  singular  fulfilment  of  the  jocular 
prophecy  in  respect  to  each  of  the  parties. 

Within  a  year  or  two  after  the  marriage  of  his  daughter,  Doctor 
Gilmer  died.  In  the  division  of  his  estate,  which  became  ne- 
cessary upon  this  event,  a  portion  of  it,  known  as  Rose  Hill,  was 
allotted  to  the  young  wife  and  her  husband,  and  here  Wirt  built  a 
house,  which  thenceforth,  nominally,  became  his  residence.  Rose 
Hill  was  in  the  vicinity  of  Pen  Park,  and  as  its  new  proprietors 
had  no  children,  they  spent  so  much  of  their  time  in  the  family 
mansion,  as  scarcely  to  allow  us  to  say  they  had  changed  their 
dwelling  place.  Amongst  the  several  letters  of  Wirt,  which  have 
been  preserved,  belonging  to  this  period,  I  find  them  all  dated  at 
Pen  Park,  affording  evidence  of  the  fact  that  the  writer  had 
not  ceased  to  regard  himself  as  an  inhabitant  of  the  domicil.  I 
am  tempted  here  to  give  one  of  these  letters  written,  in  the  spring 
of  1799,  to  his  friend  Carr,  which,  dealing  with  a  matter  of  no 
more  importance  than  an  invitation  to  dinner,  may,  nevertheless, 
interest  the  reader  by  the  picture  it  affords  of  the  light-hearted- 
ness  of  its  author. 

"  I  cannot  go  over  to  see  you  to-day,  my  good  friend.  And  I 
have  almost  as  many,  and  as  solid  reasons  for  my  conduct,  as 
Doctor  Ross  had  for  not  wearing  stockings  with  boots.  The  first 
of  his  was,  that  he  had  no  stockings,  and  his  catechiser  was  sat- 
isfied.    Let  us  see  whether  you  will  be  as  candid. 

"  Firstly. — We  have  a  troop  of  visiting  cousins  here,  who  have 
come  from  afar,  and  whom  we  cannot,  you  know,  decently  invite 
to  leave  our  house. 

"  Secondly. — We  have,  perhaps,  finer  lamb  and  lettuce  to-day, 
for  dinner,  than  ever  graced  the  table  of  Epicurus,  not  meaning 
to  imply  any  thing  to  the  dishonor  of  l>onlora  or  Dwnlora, — or 
something,  I  forget  what. 

"Thirdly. — Mr.  Ormsby  is  here,  who  brings  an  historical,  topo- 
graphical, critical,  chronological  and  fantastical  account  of  Ken- 
tucky and  its  inhabitants. 

"  Fourthly. — To  conclude,  we  have  determined  that,  immediately 
upon  the  receipt  of  this,  you  are  to  start  for  this  place ;  for,  you 


CHAP,  v.]  LETTER   TO    CARR.  73 

observe,  that  the  same  reasons  which  justify  my  staying  at  home, 
prove  the  propriety,  and,  I  hope  you  w^ill  think,  necessity  of  your 
coming  hither."  * 

*  I  have  to  acknowledge  my  indebtedness,  for  much  of  what  I  have  been  able  to 
collect  relating  to  the  family  of  Doctor  Gilmer,  and  Mr.  Wirt's  connection  with  it, 
to  the  kind  assistance  of  the  Hon.  Wm.  C.  Rives,  of  Castle  Hill,  in  Albemarle,  and 
of  his  friend  and  neighbor,  Mr.  Franklin  Minor,  a  grandson  of  Doctor  Gilmer.  I 
may  take  this  occasion  also  to  express  my  obligations  to  Mr.  David  Holmes  Conrad, 
of  Berkeley,  for  some  interesting  particulars  relating  to  Judge  Carr,  and  to  Messrs. 
John  R.  Thompson,  of  Richmond,  the  accomplished  editor  of  the  Southern  Mes- 
senger, and  John  M.  Muschett,  of  Charles  county,  Maryland,  for  very  acceptable 
contributions  respecting  the  early  life  and  professional  history  of  Mr.  Wirt.  To 
numerous  other  friends  I  owe  the  same  acknowledgment  for  many  favors  received 
in  the  course  of  my  occupation  upon  these  memoirs,  and  must  content  myself  with 
this  general  proffer  of  my  thanks,  for  services  which  have  not  been  less  useful  to 
me  than  they  have  been  indicative  of  the  highest  appreciation  of  the  worth  of  the 
subject  of  my  labors. 


VOL.  1 — 7 


CHAPTER  VI. 

1799  —  180  2. 

HAPPY  LIFE  AT  PEN  PARK MISFORTUNE.— DEATH  OP  HIS  WIFE.— RE- 
LIGIOUS IMPRESSIONS.— DETERMINES  TO  REMOVE  TO  RICHMOND.— ELECTED 
CLERK  TO  THE  HOUSE  OF  DELEGATES.— NEW  ACaUAINTANCES.— PATRICK 
HENRY.- RESOLUTIONS  OF  NINETY-EIGHT.— RE-ELECTED  CLERK  AT  TWO 
SUCCEEDING  SESSIONS.— TEMPTATIONS  TO  FREE  LIVING.— TRIAL  OF  CAL- 
LENDER  FOR  A  LIBEL  UNDER  THE  SEDITION  LAW WIRT,  HAY  AND  NICHO- 
LAS DEFEND  HIM COURSE  OF  THE  TRIAL A  SINGULAR  INCIDENT.— JUDGE 

CHASE.— NULLIFICATION FOURTH      OF      JULY      ORATION EMBARRASSED 

ELOCUTION. 

The  term  of  bis  residence  in  Albemarle  may  be  reckoned  as 
marking  the  golden  days  of  William  Wirt's  youth.  He  came  to 
this  region  poor,  and  we  may  say,  without  friends — at  least,  without 
such  friends  as  open  to  us  the  road  to  fortune.  He  was  inexpe- 
rienced in  the  business  of  life,  provided  with  no  great  store  of 
useful  knowledge,  not  yet  sufficiently  acquainted  with  the  strength 
or  value  of  his  faculties  to  give  him  assurance  of  his  fitness  for  the 
contests  through  which  alone  the  career  he  had  chosen  might  be- 
come prosperous.  We  may  imagine  him  also,  neither  over-con- 
fident in  his  discretion  nor  sanguine  in  his  dependance  upon  the 
guidance  of  his  judgment.  Yet  here  it  was  his  happiness  to  wit- 
ness the  quick  growth  of  esteem  and  consideration :  to  become 
conscious,  day  by  day,  of  the  unfolding  of  those  talents  which 
were  adequate  to  the  winning  of  a  good  renown.  Here  he  found 
himself  growing,  with  rapid  advance,  in  the  affections  of  a  circle 
of  friends,  whose  attachment  was  then  felt  as  a  cheerful  light  upon 
his  path,  and  which  promised  a  not  less  benign  radiance  over  his 
future  days.  But  above  all  other  gratifications,  here  it  was  that  he 
became  an  inmate  of  that  delightful  home  which  love  had  fur- 
nished, and  which  wise  counsel  and  instruction  made  as  precious 
to  the  mind,  as  its  other  allurements  had  made  it  to  the  heart. 

We  err  if  we  believe  that  a  life  of  unmixed  content  is  the  most 
auspicious  to  the  fortunes  of  a  young  aspirant  for  fame.  It  need 
not  be  told  to  those  who  have  been  most  active  in  the  emulous 


CHAP  VI.  MISFORTUNE.  75 

trials  by  which  consideration  is  won  in  the  world,  that  the  highest 
order  of  talent  stands  in  need  of  the  spur  of  occasional  disap- 
pointment to  stimulate  its  vigor,  nor  that  a  career  of  uninterrupted 
enjoyment  is  apt  to  dull  the  lustre  of  the  brightest  parts,  and  ex- 
tinguish the  ambition  of  the  most  generous  and  capable  natures. 
Adversity  is  not  unfrequently  the  most  healthful  ingredient  in  the 
cup  of  human  experience,  and  the  best  tonic  to  brace  the  mind  for 
those  encounters  in  which  virtue  is  proved  and  renown  achieved. 

Wirt  was  brought  to  the  test  of  this  truth  more  than  once  during 
that  period  of  happy  sojourn  amongst  the  delights  of  Pen  Park. 
We  have  already  noticed  the  death  of  Doctor  Gilmer,  his  in- 
structor, guide  and  friend.  In  the  fifth  year  of  his  marriage  a 
more  severe  calamity  fell  upon  him,  in  the  loss  of  his  wife.  This 
event  came  with  an  overwhelming  anguish,  to  teach  him,  if  not  the 
first,  certainly  the  most  painful  lesson  of  his  life,  upon  the  uncer- 
tainty of  human  happiness  and  the  duty  of  establishing  our  hopes 
upon  surer  foundations  than  the  treasures  of  earth. 

There  is  observable  in  the  early  letters  of  Mr.  Wirt,  some  occa- 
sional indications  of  that  sentiment  of  reverence  for  religious  sub- 
jects, which,  towards  the  close  of  his  life,  had  expanded  into  the 
prominent  characteristic  of  his  mind.  No  occasion  of  hilarity, 
no  companionship  of  wild  and  careless  spirits,  no  youthful  indis- 
cretion seems  ever  to  have  betrayed  him  into  the  profanation  of 
subjects  esteemed  sacred,  or  to  the  practice  of  the  scoffs  and  jests 
which  are  too  currently  indulged  in  the  festivities  of  thoughtless 
youth,  or  of  unthinking  age. 

The  death  of  his  wife  naturally  strengthened  this  sentiment  and 
furnished  occasion  for  the  improvement  of  his  heart,  in  the  enter- 
tainment of  more  earnest  pursuit  and  study  of  religious  topics.  I 
do  not  mean  to  affirm  that  this  event  led  him  to  any  external  pro- 
fession of  religious  duty,  or  that  it,  in  any  very  perceptible  degree, 
altered  his  demeanor  in  the  presence  of  the  world ;  but  it  had  its 
influence  in  impressing  more  deeply  upon  his  character  that  pro- 
found sense  of  the  sacredness  of  spiritual  truth,  and  the  solace  of 
christian  faith,  which  every  healthful,  reflective  mind  finds  in  the 
meditations  which  are  prompted  by  the  death  of  those  we  love. 

The  time  liad  now  come  when  he  was  once  more  to  be  thrown 
upon  the  world.  His  marriage  had  been  without  children.  There 
was  no  tie  but  that  of  friendship  and  the  remembrance  of  an  over- 


76  REMOVES    TO   RICHMOND,  [1799—1802. 

thrown  affection,  to  hold  him  to  this  spot.  He  was  young.  The 
world  was  still  before  him ;  not  less  promising  in  its  offer  of  the 
prize  of  ambition  than  it  had  been.  Friends  beckoned  him  to  the 
labors  of  a  fresh  contest.  An  aching  memory  drove  him  from  the 
scenes  that  surrounded  him.  The  mind  torn  by  grief  yields  readily 
to  the  solicitations  of  adventure,  and  finds  a  double  stimulus  to  ac- 
tion, in  the  desire  to  escape  from  present  suffering,  and  the  hope  to 
surround  itself  with  new  objects  of  affection. 

He  determined  to  establish  his  residence  in  Richmond.  Before 
he  abandoned  Pen  Park,  he  placed  a  tablet  over  the  grave  of  her 
who  had  first  brought  him  to  this  spot.  The  inscription  upon  it 
tells,  in  brief,  nearly  the  whole  history  of  this  portion  of  his  life — 
for  it  speaks  of  the  two  events  most  indelibly  impressed  upon  his 
heart,  and  the  sentiment  that  filled  up  the  interval  between  the  two 
dates  to  which  they  refer : 

"HERE    LIES    MILDRED, 

Daughter  of  Geohge  and  Lucy  Gilmer,  Wife  of  William  Wirt. 
She  was  born  August  15th,  1772,  married  May  28th,  1795,  and  died  Sept.  17th,  1799. 

Come  round  her  tomb  each  object  of  desire. 
Each  purer  frame  inflamed  with  purer  fire. 
Be  all  that's  good,  that  cheers  and  softens  life. 
The  tender  sister,  daughter,  friend  and  wife. 
And  when  your  virtues  you  have  counted  o'er. 
Then  view  this  marble  and  be  vain  no  more."* 

Thus  closed  a  short  episode  in  his  life,  which  comprehended 
some  five  years  of  early  manhood,  illustrated  by  his  first  access  to 
that  circle  of  friends  who  became  the  solace  of  his  after  days,  and 
by  the  experience  of  the  purest  of  all  delights,  the  associations  of 
the  domestic  hearth,  its  affections  and  its  virtues. 

The  bitterness  of  that  misfortune  which  broke  in  upon  this 
period  of  content,  for  a  time  suspended  his  practice,  and  drove 
him  to  other  scenes  and  occupations.  He  went  to  Richmond, 
where  the  Legislature  was  in  session.     His  friends  in  that  body 

*  I  am  almost  afraid  to  claim  these  verses  as  original.  But  I  believe  they  were 
written  by  Mr.  Wirt.  If  my  reader,  more  conversant  than  I  am  with  the  stores  of 
this  kind  of  literature,  should  be  able  to  trace  them  to  another  author,  he  will  excuse 
my  error.  They  resemble  in  style  and  structure  some  few  poetical  effusions  of  Mr. 
W.  wliich  have  come  to  my  hands. 


CHAP.  VI]       CLERK    OF    THE    HOUSE    OF    DELEGATES.  77 

persuaded  him  to  become  a  candidate  for  the  post  of  clerk  of  tlie 
House  of  Delegates.  The  emoluments  of  this  office  were  suffi- 
cient for  his  comfortable  support;  and  the  duties  belonging  to  it 
were  not  so  engrossing  but  that  he  might  pursue  his  profession 
whilst  he  held  it.  The  office  itself  was  one  of  sufficient  considera- 
tion to  be  regarded  by  a  3'oung  man,  to  whom  all  public  station 
was  new,  as  an  advancement  in  the  career  of  life.  It  had  been 
occupied  in  past  time,  by  Chancellor  Wythe,  by  Edmund  Ran- 
dolph and  others  of  name  and  fame  in  the  State.  Wirt  was 
elected,  and  forthwith  entered  upon  its  duties. 

This  appointment  was  so  far  serviceable  to  him  that  it  brouglit 
him  into  acquaintance  with  some  of  the  most  distinguished  men  of 
the  day.  Mr.  Madison,  whom  he  had  previously  known,  Mr. 
Giles,  Mr.  Taylor  of  Caroline,  and  Mr.  Nicholas,  were  members 
of  the  Legislature  at  this  session.  Patrick  Henry  had  also  been 
elected  to  a  seat  in  the  House  of  Delegates,  but  his  death,  which 
took  place  a  few  months  after  his  election,  deprived  Wirt  of  the 
opportunity  to  make  a  personal  acquaintance  with,  or  even  to  see, 
the  great  orator  whose  fame  it  became  his  province  afterwards  to 
commemorate. 

Mr,  Henry's  participation  in  this  Assembly  had  been  looked 
to  with  a  most  profound  interest  throughout  the  State.  The  cele- 
brated Resolutions  of  Ninety-eight  had  passed  at  the  previous 
session.  Henry's  hostility  to  these  resolutions  had  awakened  his 
characteristic  zeal  in  the  cause  of  the  country,  and  had  brought 
him  out  from  his  retirement,  once  more  to  seek  active  duty  in  the 
field  of  his  old  renown.  This  was  at  a  time  when  his  constitution, 
greatly  shaken  and  enfeebled  by  disease,  had  left  him  physically 
but  the  wreck  of  what  he  had  been,  though  in  mental  power,  we 
may  infer,  from  what  is  told  of  the  eagerness  with  which  he  threw 
himself  into  this  contest  with  the  distinguished  men  who  sustained 
the  resolutions,  his  infirmities  had  not  yet  lessened  his  confidence, 
nor  quenched  the  ardor  of  his  matchless  eloquence.  He  had  sided 
with  the  Federal  Government  on  the  questions  which  gave  rise  to 
those  resolutions;  and  had  expressed  himself  to  the  electors  in  his 
county,  during  his  canvass,  in  terms  of  deep  and  unalterable  hos- 
tility against  the  position  which  Virginia  had  assumed  at  this 
crisis.  In  his  addresses,  on  this  occasion,  to  the  people,  all  his 
ancient  fire  seems  to  have  rekindled,  and  there  was  every  indica- 

VOL.  1 — 7* 


78  PATRICK   HENRY.  [1799—1802. 

tion  given  that,  in  the  approaching  session  of  the  Legislature  to 
which  he  was  elected,  his  monitory  voice  would  be  heard  in 
rebuke  of  the  proceeding  of  the  previous  Assembly,  as  clear  and 
as  stirring  in  its  notes,  as  of  old  it  had  been  heard,  above  the  din 
and  tumult  of  the  Revolution.  The  side  he  had  taken  on  this  ques- 
tion was  remarkably  unpopular.  It  was  in  opposition  to  the 
opinions  of  the  great  majority  of  the  people  of  Virginia,  and  to 
that  of  the  most  venerated  and  powerful  political  leaders.  His 
hostility  had  raised  Mr.  Madison  and  his  compeers,  to  whom  I 
have  already  referred,  to  the  defence  of  the  resolutions,  and  it  was 
every  where  hinted  that  the  coming  session  was  to  be  one  of  ex- 
traordinary interest.  So  strong  was  the  feeling  against  Mr.  Henry 
for  his  course  in  this  juncture,  that  his  oldest  and  best  friends  were 
alienated  from  him.  Some  excused  what  was  called  his  aberra- 
tions, on  the  ground  of  his  age  and  infirmities;  others,  less  charita- 
ble, imputed  them  to  worse  motives: — all  looked  to  him,  however, 
friend  and  enemy,  with  intense  interest,  to  note  his  conduct,  hear 
his  argument,  and  weigh  his  opinions;  all  conscious  that  in  this, 
probably  the  last  scene  in  his  public  life,  a  great  effort  would  be 
made  to  sustain  his  fame.  Death  came  to  his  rescue,  to  save  him 
from  a  contest  in  which,  whatever  might  be  the  weight  of  his 
wisdom,  the  glory  of  his  eloquence,  or  the  integrity  of  his  heart; 
however  brilliant  the  exhibition  of  all  these,  they  would  have 
proved  unavailing  either  to  conciliate  the  friendship  of  estranged 
compatriots,  or  to  overcome  the  hostility  of  the  excited  numbers 
who  had  already  prejudged  and  condemned  him.  His  triumph 
might,  in  no  event,  be  won  for  the  day  in  which  he  lived.  Time 
only  could  be  regarded  as  the  true  arbiter  of  his  wisdom.  Doubt- 
less, when  he  resolved  upon  that  contest,  he  sought  no  guerdon  of 
applause  from  the  present;  he  looked  only  to  the  future.  The 
sage  who  has  filled  the  measure  of  his  days,  and  who,  standing 
upon  the  margin  of  the  grave,  has  no  longer  a  motive  to  temporize 
with  human  passion  or  succumb  to  personal  interests,  scruples  not 
to  defy  the  world's  opinion  and  to  utter  unwelcome  truth  to  the 
generation  around  him, — has  even  a  positive  pleasure  in  this  duty. 
He  appeals  to  posterity  for  judgment,  and  is  content  to  bide  its 
coming.  Old  age  contemplating  its  access  to  the  world  of  eternity, 
instinctively  inclines  to  reckon  itself  as  associated  with  the  future. 


CHAP.  VI.]  RESOLUTIONS    OF    NINETY-EIGHT.  79 

and  therefore  more  delights  to  speak  to  a  coming  generation  than 
to  that  which  it  is  about  to  leave. 

How  far  Mr.  Henry's  opinions,  in  regard  to  the  famous  "  Reso- 
lutions of  Ninety-eight,"  have  been  justified  by  what  has  been  de- 
veloped since,  is  a  speculation  which  may  amuse  those  who  take 
pleasure  in  exploring  Ihe  tendency  of  the  mind  to  exaggerate  the 
importance  of  political  events  in  the  time  of  their  bringing  forth, 
and  to  remark  liow  often  and  how  significantly  Time  satirizes  man's 
wisdom,  by  turning  the  current  of  his  fancied  great  exploits  into 
channels  which  lead  to  nothing,  losing  their  stream  in  the  sand. 
These  resolutions,  so  noted,  have  already  served  out  their  time, 
and  hav^e  been  cast  into  the  great  receptacle  of  abstractions,  as 
things  of  no  useful  import.  Professing  to  be  expositions  of  the 
constitution,  they  already  require  expounders  themselves;  and, 
apparently,  being  scarce  deemed  worthy  of  the  study  of  a  com- 
mentator, they  have  been  abandoned  to  their  fate.  They  are  now 
seen  only  as  a  buoy,  floating  whei-e  there  is  no  shoal,  and  warning 
the  navigator  of  dangers  to  which  he  has  learned  to  trust  his  keel, 
without  precaution  or  alarm. 

So  great,  however,  was  the  excitement  against  Mr.  Henry,  at 
the  time  to  which  I  have  referred,  that,  upon  the  announcement  of 
his  death  to  the  Legislature,  and  the  suggestion  of  a  monument  to 
commemorate  the  gratitude  of  Virginia  in  behalf  of  the  great 
patriot  and  orator,  party  zeal  so  far  triumphed  over  the  honorable 
pride  of  the  representatives  of  the  State,  as  to  dismiss  the  propo- 
sition. And,  from  the  silence  of  the  journals  of  subsequent  legis- 
latures upon  this  proposal,  the  dismissal  seems  to  have  been  final. 

Wirt  served,  in  his  new  office,  with  credit  and  full  public  ap- 
probation, through  the  session,  and  was  re-elected  to  the  same  post 
in  the  two  succeeding  years.  If  the  society  which  Richmond 
afforded  him,  during  his  term  of  public  duty,  seemed  to  extend 
his  acquaintance  and  good  repute  with  those  whose  esteem  is 
amongst  the  most  precious  things  of  life  to  a  young  man,  it  also 
brought  him  into  some  of  those  perils  to  which  he  was,  from  his 
character,  peculiarly  exposed.  The  Legislature  was  a  concourse 
of  gay  and  ungoverned  youth,  as  well  as  of  wise  and  sober  age. 
The  city  in  which  the  Legislature  sat  was  somewhat  noted,  of 
old,  for  its  choice  spirits,  its  men  of  wit  and  pleasure,  and  its 
manifold  inducements  to  tax  the  discretion  of  those  \vho  had  no 


80  TRIAL    OF    CALLENDER.  [1799— 1S02. 

great  store  of  that  commodity  to  meet  the  requisition.  The 
young  clerk  of  the  House  was  a  great  favorite  with  all.  Every 
door  was  opened  to  him ;  every  gay  circle  welcomed  his  com- 
ing, and  the  favor  and  admiration  of  friends  were  overpaid,  by 
draughts  on  an  exchequer  which  suffered  more  from  what  it  re- 
ceived, than  from  what  it  disbursed, — a  witty  and  playful  spirit, 
which  could  not  be  exhausted  in  its  outpourings,  but  which,  too 
often,  lost  its  guidance  in  the  cloud  of  homage  it  brought  around 
itself 

This  portion  of  his  life,  Mr.  Wirt,  in  his  own  review  of  it,  was 
accustomed  to  consider  as  one  of  great  temptation.  Indeed,  in 
the  midst  of  its  enjoyments,  he  was  often  led  to  reflect  upon  the 
necessity  of  a  more  severe  devotion  to  his  better  aims,  as  he  con- 
ceived them  to  be,  in  the  steady  pursuit  of  his  profession. 

He  held  the  post  of  clerk  of  the  House  of  Delegates,  during 
three  sessions  of  the  Legislature.  In  the  first  year  of  this  term 
of  service,  he  was  brought  somewhat  conspicuously  to  the  public 
observation  as  the  counsel  of  Callender.  This  person,  who  seems 
to  have  made  a  trade  of  libelling,  who  had  been  equally,  at  differ- 
ent periods,  the  calumniator  of  Washington,  of  Adams  and  of  Jef- 
ferson, was  indicted  in  the  spring  of  1800,  at  the  instance  of 
Samuel  Chase,  then  the  presiding  Judge  of  the  Federal  Govern- 
ment over  the  Circuit  which  comprehends  Richmond,  for  the  pub- 
lication of  a  pamphlet  which  had  gained  an  extensive  notoriety, 
at  that  period,  for  a  scandalous  assault  upon  the  existing  adminis- 
tration. This  pamphlet  was  entitled  "  The  Prospect  before  us," 
and  is  yet  remembered  by  many,  as  one  of  the  most  pungent  and 
acrimonious  tracts  connected  with  the  political  excitements  of 
that  day.  The  indictment  of  Callender  was  one  of  the_ first  prose- 
cutions under  the  sedition  law.  Tiie  enactment  of  that  law  had,  in 
part,  supplied  the  topic  to  the  Virginia  Resolutions,  which,  as  we 
have  seen,  were  yet,  a  prominent  subject  of  public  discussion. 
The  impolicy  of  this  law,  and  the  eager  denunciation  of  it  by  a 
powerful  and,  indeed,  now  predominant  party  in  the  Union,  gave 
to  the  prosecution  of  Callender  a  factitious  importance,  very  much 
above  what  either  the  book  or  its  author  migiit  have  challenged 
on  the  score  of  their  own  significance. 

The  counsel  for  Callender  were  George  Hay  and  Philip  Nor- 
borne  Nicholas,  both  young  men  holding  a  most  respectable  posi- 


CHAP.  VI.]  COURSE    OF    THE    TRIAL.  81 


tion  at  the  Richmond  bar,  Wirt  was  associated  with  them  in  the 
cause,  and  was  the  youngest  lawyer  of  the  three.  The  case 
seems  to  have  been  a  clear  one,  and  Callender  was  convicted.  In 
the  impeachment  of  Judge  Chase,  some  five  years  later,  before  the 
Senate  of  the  United  States,  it  was  charged  against  him,  in  refer- 
ence to  this  trial,  that  his  conduct  during  the  whole  course  of  it 
was  marked  "  by  manifest  injustice,  partiality  and  intemperance." 
Amongst  the  specifications  to  sustain  this  charge  were  the  fol- 
lowing : 

"  In  the  use  of  unusual,  rude  and  contemptuous  expressions 
towards  the  prisoner's  counsel,  and  in  insinuating  that  they  wished 
to  excite  the  public  fears  and  indignation,  and  to  produce  that  in- 
subordination to  law  to  which  the  conduct  of  the  judge  did,  at  the 
same  time,  manifestly  tend. 

"  In  repeated  and  vexatious  interruptions  of  the  said  counsel, 
on  the  part  of  the  said  judge,  which  at  length  induced  them  to 
abandon  their  cause  and  their  client,  who  was  thereupon  convicted 
and  condemned  to  fine  and  imprisonment." 

Judge  Chase  was  known  to  be  of  a  peremptory  and  absolute 
temper ;  and  the  testimony  upon  his  impeachment  shows,  what,  at 
least,  may  be  said  to  be,  a  severe  and  perhaps  discourteous  bear- 
ing towards  the  counsel  in  this  case.  But  as  an  answer  to  the 
charge  of  manifest  injustice,  partiality  and  intemperance  in  his  de- 
meanor, the  unanimous  vote  of  acquittal — the  only  unanimous  vote 
of  the  Senate  in  the  case, — is  conclusive. 

We  may  infer,  therefore,  that  the  abandonment  of  the  defence 
of  Callender  by  his  counsel,  was  one  of  those  theatrical  inci- 
dents— coups  de  thedlre — which  ingenious  advocates  are  sometimes 
known  to  contrive,  as  more  efficacious  in  the  way  of  defence, 
than  the  attempt  to  breast  an  array  of  inevitable  and  discomfiting 
facts.  Such  a  device  seems  well  suited  to  a  state  trial,  in  which 
auditors  and  jury  are  supposed  to  have  all  their  sympathies  and 
good  wishes  with  the  prisoner.  It  was  a  political  atfair,  in  public 
estimation,  and  the  retirement  of  counsel,  under  the  pretext  of  be- 
ing driven  off  by  the  hectoring  temper  of  the  judge  politically 
hostile  to  the  prisoner,  was  likely  to  be  regarded  not  as  a  confes- 
sion of  the  guilt  of  their  client,  but  as  an  appeal  to  the  jury,  and 
an  invocation  to  them  to  take  him  into  tlieir  protection.  The 
facts,  however,  were  too  clear  against  Callender,  and  the  adroit 


82  COURSE    OF    THE    TRIAL.  [1799—1802, 

counsel  were  disappointed  in  the  efficacy  of  the  movement,  if  it 
were  dictated  by  the  considerations  I  have  suggested. 

We  must,  however,  confess  that  the  dogmatism  of  the  judge, 
not  to  say  the  posi;;ive  harshness  of  his  treatment  of  the  counsel, 
may  have  been  the  true  and  only  motive  for  their  retirement; 
although  the  point  might  be  strongly  argued  against  the  right  of 
an  advocate,  in  a  cause  which  he  conscientiously  believes  to  be 
good,  to  desert  his  client  and  leave  him  to  his  fate,  under  any 
amount  of  provocation  or  insult  from  a  judge,  which  did  not 
actually  disable  him  from  performing  his  duty. 

Mr.  Hay  and  Mr.  Nicholas  were  both  examined  as  witnesses 
on  the  impeachment.  From  their  testimony  it  appears  that  the 
chief,  if  not  the  only  defence  of  Callender,  was  upon  the  consti- 
tutionality of  the  sedition  law,  which  point,  it  would  seem,  they 
were  desirous  should  be  submitted  to  the  jury.  The  judge  was 
known  to  be  unalterable  in  his  view  of  the  constitutional  question ; 
and  there  being  no  hope  from  him,  the  counsel  insisted  upon  the 
power  and  the  right  of  the  jury  to  nullify  the  act  of  Congress ; — a 
heresy,  we  may  call  it,  which  has  been  revived  in  a  later  day, 
and  which  has  fared  no  better  with  the  American  people  than  it 
did  upon  its  first  production,  with  Judge  Chase.  This  doctrine, 
the  first  and  almost  tiie  only  fruit  of  the  Resolutions  of  Ninety- 
eight,  has  been,  from  first  to  last,  a  Dead  Sea  apple  which  has 
crumbled  into  dust  whenever  it  has  been  lifted  to  the  lips. 

Our  young  advocate  figures  in  this  scene.  I  extract  what  re- 
lates to  him  from  Mr.  Hay's  testimony  before  the  Senate. 

"  It  was  the  intention  of  the  counsel  of  Callender,"  says  that 
gentleman,  upon  his  examination,  "  to  defend  him  on  the  ground  of 
the  unconstitutionality  of  the  sedition  law.  The  gentlemen  who 
were  associated  with  me  preceded  me  in  the  argument,  but  were 
not  permitted  to  address  the  jury  on  the  point  I  mentioned.  The 
treatment  experienced  by  Mr.  Wirt,  I  have,  in  some  degree,  re- 
lated. He  was  interrupted  two  or  three  times  by  the  judge,  for  the 
purpose  of  telling  him  that  the  doctrine  for  which  he  was  con- 
tending,— that  the  jury  had  the  right  of  determining  the  law  as  well 
as  the  fact, — was  true.  Mr.  Wirt  then  stated  '  that  the  constitution 
was  the  supreme  law  of  the  land.'  Judge  Chase  told  him  '  there 
was  no  necessity  for  proving  that.'  Mr.  Wirt  then  went  on  to  argue 
'  that  if  the  constitution  was  the  supreme  law,  and  if  the  jury  had  a 


CHAP.  VI.]  COURSE    OF    THE    TRIAL.  83 

right  to  determine  both  the  law  and  fact  of  the  case,  the  conclusion 
was  perfectly  syllogistic,  that  the  jury  had  a  right  to  determine 
upon  the  constitutionality  of  the  law.'  " 

Upon   this,  the  same   testimony  states,  Judge  Chase   replied, 
"  That's  a  non  scquUur,  sir.'' 

"  At  the  same  time,"  says  Mr.  Hay,  "he  bowed  with  an  air  of 
derision.  Whether  Mr.  Wirt," — he  continues,  "said  any  thing 
after  this,  1  do  not  recollect."  Mr.  Hay  then  detailed  his  own 
course  in  the  argument:  his  urging  upon  the  judge  that  this  was  a 
question  for  the  jury — "  I  stated  to  the  court,  in  terms  as  distinct 
as  I  could,  the  specitic  purpose  for  which  I  meant  to  contend.  I 
think  it  was  that  the  jury  had  a  right  to  determine  every  question 
which  was  to  determine  the  guilt  or  innocence  of  the  traverser. 
The  judge  asked  me  whether  1  laid  down  this  doctrine  in  civil  as 
w^ell  as  criminal  cases,  '  because,'  said  he,  '  if  you  do  you  are 
wrong.'  I  replied  that  I  considered  it  universally  true,  but  that  it 
was  suthcient  for  my  purpose  if  it  applied  to  criminal  cases  only. 
I  went  on  as  well  as  I  was  able  with  the  argument,  when  I  was 
again  interrupted  by  the  judge.  What  the  circumstances  w'ere,  or 
the  words  used,  I  do  not  recollect.  I  believe  that  I  was  inter- 
rupted more  than  twice.  My  impressions  then  being  that  I  should 
be  obliged  to  imdergo  more  humiliation  than  I  conceived  necessary^  I 
retired  from  the  bar.  When  Judge  Chase  found  I  was  about  re- 
tiring, he  told  me  to  go  on.  I  told  him  that  '  I  would  not.'  He 
said  '  there  was  no  necessity  for  my  being  captious.'  I  replied 
that '  I  was  not  captious,  and  that  I  would  not  proceed  ;'  and  im- 
mediately retired  from  the  bar,  and,  I  believe,  from  the  room  in 
which  the  court  was  held." 

Mr.  Nicholas  says,  after  Mr.  Wirt  sat  down,  "I  followed  him, 
and  was  not  interrupted  by  the  judge.  Mr.  Hay  followed  me,  and 
observed  that  the  jury  had  a  right  to  decide  the  law.  Mr.  Chase 
asked  him  whether  he  meant  in  civil  as  well  as  in  criminal  cases, 
because  if  he  did  he  was  wrong.  Mr.  Hay  replied  that  he  con- 
ceived the  proposition  to  be  universally  true — but  that  it  was  suf- 
ficient for  his  purpose  if  it  applied  to  criminal  cases.  He  then 
proceeded  a  little  further  and  was  again  interrupted  by  the  judge. 
Mr.  Hay  then  stopped,  folded  up  his  papers  and  left  the  court ; 
and  we  left  it  at  the  same  time.  What  happened  afterwards  1  know 
not." 


84  SINGULAR   INCIDENT.  [1799—1802, 

So,  the  three  young  lawyers  trooped  out  of  court,  with  their 
papers  bundled  up.  Hay  led  the  van,  and  young  Wirt,  with  his 
laughing  eye  and  sly  waggish  face,  casting  queer  glances,  no  doubt, 
right  and  left  amongst  the  bar  inside  of  the  railing  and  the  spec- 
tators outside,  brought  up  the  rear. 

This  was  a  scene  under  the  Resolutions  of  Ninety-eight.  Cal- 
lender,  we  must  suppose  quailed  now,  on  being  deserted  by  his 
champions,  before  the  awful  majesty  of  Chase's  brow.  The  jury, 
we  may  imagine  too,  were  affected  to  indignation  and  anger,  and 
the  crowd  moved  to  pity  at  Callender's  forlorn  and  friendless 
state.  The  bar,  perhaps,  indulged  a  little  secret  comment, — whis- 
pered in  their  sleeves,  some  laughing  hints  of  miscarriage; — and 
the  three  retired  counsel,  after  wearing  the  face  of  indignant  pa- 
triotism for  a  limited  time,  when  they  got  together  at  one  or  the 
others'  office,  we  must  believe,  had  some  rather  jocular  misgivings 
whether  Callender  would  fare  the  better  for  this  first  effort  at 
nullification;  or  congratulated  themselves  at  getting  out  of  a  case 
that  was  pretty  sure  to  go  awry. 

When  Judge  Chase  came  to  deliver  the  opinion  of  the  court, 
his  language,  in  reference  to  the  question  wiiich  seems  to  have 
raised  the  indignation  of  the  counsel,  was  as  follows: 

"  I  will  assign  my  reasons  why  I  will  not  permit  the  counsel  for 
the  traverser  to  ofler  arguments  to  the  jury,  to  urge  them  to  do 
what  the  constitution  and  law  of  this  country  will  not  permit,  and 
which  if  I  should  allow,  I  should,  in  my  judgment,  violate  my  duty, 
disregard  the  constitution  and  law,  and  surrender  up  the  judicial 
power  of  the  United  States. 

****** 

"  The  statute  on  which  the  traverser  is  indicted,  enacts  that  '  the 
jury  who  shall  try  the  cause  shall  have  a  right  to  determine  the 
law  and  the  fact,  under  the  direction  of  the  court  as  in  other 
cases.'  By  this  provision  I  understand  that  a  right  is  given  to  the 
jury  to  determine  what  the  laic  is  in  the  case  before  them,  and  not 
to  decide  whether  a  statute  of  the  United  States  produced  to  them 
is  a  law  or  not,  or  whether  it  is  void  under  an  opinion  that  it  is 
unconslilulional — that  is,  contrary  to  the  constitution  of  the  Uni- 
ted States. 


CHAP.  VI.]  FOURTH    OF    JULY    ORATION.  85 

"  I  cannot  conceive  that  a  right  is  given  to  the  petit  jury  to  de- 
termine whether  the  statute,  under  which  they  claim  this  right,  is 
constitutional  or  not.  To  determine  the  validity  of  the  statute, 
the  Constitution  of  the  United  States  must  necessarily  be  resorted 
to  and  considered,  and  its  provisions  inquired  into.  It  must  be  de- 
termined whether  the  statute  alleged  to  be  void,  because  contrary 
to  tiie  Constitution,  is  prohibited  by  it  expressly  or  by  necessary  im- 
plication. Was  it  ever  intended  by  the  framers  of  the  Constitution, 
or  by  the  people  of  America,  that  it  should  ever  be  submitted  to 
the  examination  of  a  jury  to  decide  what  restrictions  are  expressly 
or  impliedly  imposed  by  it  on  the  National  Legislature .''  I  cannot 
possibly  believe  that  Congress  intended  by  the  statute  to  grant  a 
right  to  a  petit  jury  to  declare  a  statute  void.  The  man  who  main- 
tains this  position  must  have  a  most  contemptible  opinion  of  the 
understanding  of  that  body.  But  I  believe  the  defect  lies  with 
himself" 

This  is  a  short  extract  from  an  opinion  at  some  length,  in  which 
the  question  is  most  ably  argued.  Whether  the  concluding  re- 
mark of  the  paragraph  above  quoted,  was  designed  as  a  reflection 
personal  to  the  counsel  in  the  case,  or  not,  it  certainly  may  be  re- 
garded as  discourteous,  and  indicative,  perhaps,  of  some  degree 
of  temper,  which  we  may  believe  to  have  been  roused  by  the  col- 
lision which  the  trial  produced.  If  there  was  any  purpose  of 
reflection  upon  the  counsel  in  it,  we  have  reason  to  infer  that 
it  was  not  specially  provoked  by  the  deportment  of  Wirt,  to- 
wards whom  the  judge  seems  to  have  retained  the  kindest  feel- 
ings. Speaking  of  the  incidents  of  his  trial  on  the  impeachment, 
soon  after  it  was  concluded,  to  a  friend  of  the  young  counsellor, 
after  whom  he  had  inquired  with  an  affectionate  interest,  he  re- 
marked :  "  They  did  not  summon  him  on  my  trial.  Had  I  known 
it,  I  might  have  summoned  him  myself  Yet  it  was  only  to  that 
young  man  I  said  any  thing  exceptionable,  or  which  I  have 
thought  of  with  regret  since." 

The  trial  of  Callender  took  place  in  May,  1800.  On  the  fourth 
of  July  following,  Wirt,  delivered  an  anniversary  oration,  for  which 
purpose  he  had  been  selected  by  the  democratic  party  in  Rich- 
mond. It  is  characterised  by  the  author  of  the  memoir  to  whom 
I  am  indebted  for  so  many  particulars  contained  in  this  narrative, 
as  "fervid  and  rapid,"  "unpremeditated"  in  its  manner,  and  is 
VOL.  1—8 


86  EMBARRASSED  ELOCUTION.  [1799—1802. 

said  to  have  been  pronounced  "  so  little  like  other  prepared  ora- 
tions as  to  have  been  thought  extemporary." 

In  the  early  period  of  his  professional  life,  as  we  have  already 
remarked,  his  elocution  was  far  from  being  easy  and  unembar- 
rassed. It  was  of  that  character  which  would  be  most  likely  to 
impart  the  idea  that  even  a  prepared  oration,  such  as  this  to  which 
the  memoir  alludes,  was  the  extemporaneous  production  of  the 
occasion.  The  hesitation  at  one  moment,  the  too  rapid  flow  of 
utterance  at  another,  and  frequent  stammering,  might  leave  such 
an  impression  on  the  hearer.  Mr.  Wirt,  in  speaking  of  his  diffi- 
culties in  this  particular,  once  said  to  a  friend:  "  My  pronunciation 
and  gesture  at  this  time  were  terribly  vehement.  I  used,  some- 
times, to  find  myself  literally  stopped,  by  too  great  rapidity  of 
utterance.  And  if  any  poor  mortal  was  ever  forced  to  struggle 
against  a  difficulty,  it  was  I,  in  that  matter.  But  my  stammering 
became  at  last  a  martyr  to  perseverance,  and,  except  when  I  get 
some  of  my  youthful  fires  lighted,  I  can  manage  to  be  pretty  in- 
telligible now." 

This  was  his  recollection,  after  the  lapse  of  many  years,  and 
was  always  pleasantly  dwelt  upon  by  him  as  coupled  with  the 
reflection  how  completely  he  had  vanquished  these  difficulties  of 
enunciation,  by  careful  attention  and  judicious  practice. 


CHAPTER    VII. 

1802—1803. 

EFFECTED  TO  THE  POST  OF  CHANCELLOR.— VALUE  OF  THIS  APPOINTMENT- 
REASONS  FOR  ACCEPTING  IT.— COL.  ROBERT  GAMBLE.— COURTSHIP — A 
THEATRICAL  INCIDENT SECOND  MARRIAGE REMOVES  TO  WILLIAMS- 
BURG  LETTERS  TO  CARR RESIGNS  THE  CHANCELLORSHIP  AND  DETER- 
MINES TO  GO  TO  NORFOLK. 

In  the  session  of  the  Legislature  which  terminated  in  the  winter 
of  1802,  the  last  of  the  three  sessions  in  which  Wirt  was  the 
clerk  of  the  House  of  Delegates,  an  act  w^as  passed  for  dividing 
the  Chancery  jurisdiction  of  the  State  into  three  districts.  Here- 
tofore the  whole  of  this  jurisdiction  had  been  vested  in  a  single 
Chancellor,  and  the  venerable  George  Wythe  had,  for  a  long 
period,  discharged  its  duties,  with  a  fidelity  and  learned  skill 
which  have  placed  him  in  the  rank  of  the  most  eminent  jurists  of 
the  country.  The  increasing  business  of  the  court,  however,  had 
now  rendered  it  indispensable  that  the  labor  should  be  distributed, 
and  the  Legislature  had  therefore  passed  the  act  to  which  I  have 
referred. 

The  clerk  of  the  House  was  agreeably  surprised,  before  the 
close  of  this  session,  to  find  that  the  Legislature  had  selected  him 
for  one  of  these  new  appointments.  He  was  altogether  ignorant 
of  their  purpose  to  confer  this  honor  upon  him,  until  the  moment 
when  he  was  requested  to  withdraw  from  the  House  of  Delegates, 
in  order  that  his  nomination  might  be  made  and  the  election  pro- 
ceeded with.  He  was  elected  by  a  unanimous  vote.  An  honor 
of  such  magnitude,  conferred  under  such  circumstances,  speaks 
very  intelligibly  as  to  the  estimation  in  which  the  subject  of  it  was 
held.  He  was  at  this  time  twenty-nine  years  of  age.  He  had  the 
professional  experience  of  his  country  practice  in  Albemarle,  and 
that  of  some  two  years  in  the  more  extended  theatre  of  the  Rich- 
mond courts;  but  he  was  still  what  might  be  considered  a  junior  at 
the  bar,  and  scarcely  in  a  position  to  attract  the  public  attention 
for  a  post  so  grave  and  responsible  in  its  duties,  as  a  Chancellor, 


88  MADE    CHANCELLOR.  [1802-1803. 

unless  we  suppose  him  to  have  given  decided  and  satisfactory 
manifestations  of  a  capability  to  attain  high  eminence  in  his  profes- 
sion. It  had  not  entered  into  his  imaginings  to  expect  such  a 
mark  of  favor  from  the  Legislature.  The  same  diffidence  in  him- 
self which  forbade  him  to  solicit  such  a  distinction,  now  wrought 
in  him  some  perturbation  of  spirit  in  the  accepting  of  it.  It  is  not 
always  the  quality  of  true  genius  to  distrust  itself,  for  there  are 
instances  of  men  of  the  brightest  parts  protruding  themselves 
upon  the  public,  with  that  eager  self-commendation  which  we  are 
accustomed  to  call  vanity,  in  weaker  minds ; — but  this  attribute 
of  diffidence  is  so  generally  the  accompaniment  of  youthful  merit, 
that  we  scarcely  err  when  we  reckon  upon  it  as  one  of  the  signs 
by  which  we  may  prophesy  future  success.  So  full  of  apprehen- 
sion, was  the  newly  designated  Chancellor  on  this  occasion,  of  his 
ability  to  acquit  himself  in  this  high  function  with  credit  and  use- 
I'ulness,  that, — it  is  told  of  him, — he  called  upon  the  Governor, 
Mr.  Monroe,  then,  and  always  afterwards,  his  friend,  and  who 
most  probably  had  something  to  do  with  the  nomination,  to  com- 
municate his  doubts  and  fears  as  to  his  suitableness  either  in  age 
or  acquirement  for  the  post.  "Mr.  Monroe,"  says  my  authority, 
"  replied,  that  the  Legislature,  he  doubted  not,  knew  very  well 
what  it  was  doing,  and  that  it  was  not  probable  he  would  disap- 
point either  it,  or  the  suitors  of  the  court."* 

The  district  assigned  to  him  in  this  appointment,  comprehended 
the  Eastern  Shore  of  Virginia  and  the  tide-water  counties  below 
Richmond.  The  duties  of  the  station  required  that  he  should  re- 
side in  Williamsburg,  a  point  rich  in  associations  with  the  history 
of  the  State,  and  where  was  to  be  found  a  cultivated  and  refined 
society,  in  every  respect  most  likely  to  prove  agreeable  to  the 
tastes  of  the  new  functionary. 

In  adverting  to  this  appointment  and  its  consequences,  in  the  fol- 
lowing letter  to  his  friend  Carr,  written  after  he  had  reached  Wil- 
liamsburg, he  reveals  the  considerations  which  influenced  him, 
in  terms  which  show  how  justly  and  how  deeply  he  was  impressed 
with  the  necessity  of  a  more  sedate  pursuit  of  those  better  aims 
in  life  to  which  I  have,  more  than  once  referred.  It  will  be  re- 
marked, in  the  reading  of  the  first  paragraph  of  this  letter,  that 

*  Cruse's  Memoir. 


CHAP.  Vrr.]  REASONS    FOR    ACCEPTING.  89 

Carr  was  desirous  to  obtain  the  clerkship  just  made  vacant  by  the 
preferment  of  his  friend. 

Williamsburg,  February  12,  1802. 
My  Dear  Dabney: 

This  moment  I  received  yours  of  the  5th.  First,  with 
regard  to  the  clerkship.  You  will  have  heard,  before  this  reaches 
you,  that  on  the  evening  preceding  the  last  day  of  the  session, 
James  Pleasants  was  elected  clerk,  for  the  purpose  of  making  his 
way  easy  at  the  next  session.  If,  after  this,  you  determine  to 
offer  for  the  place,  you  may  expect  from  me  all  that  the  warmest 
friendship  can  perform.  And  though  I  am  removed  from  the 
immediate  scene  of  action,  I  flatter  myself  I  could  be  of  service 
to  you. 

Now,  for  my  honor. As  to  the  profit,  it  is  a  decent  main- 
tenance. Next  year,  the  probability  is,  it  will  be  worth  five  hun- 
dred pounds, — on  which  I  can  live.  And  although  the  clerkship, 
together  with  my  practice,  would  have  produced  more  cash,  yet 
it  was  precarious,  and  therefore  subjected  me  to  the  hazard  of 
living  beyond  its  limits.  It  was  earned,  too,  by  that  kind  of  labor 
which  left  no  opportunity  for  the  further  cultivation  of  the  mind. 

There  is  another  reason,  entre  nous.  I  wished  to  leave  Rich- 
mond on  many  accounts.  I  dropped  into  a  circle  dear  to  me  for 
the  amiable  and  brilliant  traits  which  belonged  to  it,  but  in  which 
I  had  found,  that  during  several  months,  I  was  dissipating  my 
health,  my  time,  my  money  and  my  rej^utation.  This  conviction 
dwelt  so  strongly,  so  incessantly  on  my  mind  that  all  my  cheerful- 
ness forsook  me,  and  I  awoke  many  a  morning  with  the  feelings  of 
a  madman. 

I  had  resolved  to  leave  Richmond,  and  was  meditating  only  a 
decent  pretext  to  cover  my  retreat.  In  this  perplexity,  the  ap- 
pointment descended  upon  me,  unsolicited,  unthought  of,  with  the 
benevolent  grace  of  a  guardian  angel.  Yes,  my  dear  Dabney,  if 
I  do  not  fill  the  office  with  justice,  at  least,  to  my  country,  it  shall 
not  be  for  want  of  unremitting  effort  on  my  part. 

•  *#*#*• 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 
VOL.  1— 8* 


90  COL.   ROBERT    GAMBLE.  [1S02— 1803. 

The  Chancellor  entered  upon  his  employment,  as  we  may  infer 
from  this  letter,  with  a  hearty  resolve  to  make  this  event  an  era 
from  which  he  might  date  the  beginning  of  a  graver  and  more 
steadfast  career  of  duty  and  self-control. 

During  his  residence  in  Richmond,  his  good  fortune  brought 
him  into  an  intimacy  with  the  family  of  Colonel  Robert  Gamble. 
This  gentleman  was  a  merchant  in  that  city,  and  was  greatly  es- 
teemed for  his  probity  and  intelligence.  He  was  wealthy,  or,  at 
least,  in  the  enjoyment  of  a  competency  which  enabled  him  to 
practise  a  liberal  hospitality.  His  fireside  was  familiar  to  the 
most  cultivated  society  of  the  time.  His  manners  were  grave  and 
thoughtful,  such  as  attract  the  deference  of  the  elder  portions  of 
the  community,  and  command  the  reverence  of  the  young. 

The  clerk  of  the  House  of  Delegates  had  a  special  motive, 
beyond  that  of  his  companions  who  frequented  Colonel  Gamble's 
house,  to  desire  his  good  opinion.  His  unguarded  life,  unfortu- 
nately, rendered  this,  perhaps,  a  more  hazardous  venture,  than 
many  others  found  it.  His  intimacy  brought  him  within  the 
sphere  of  the  attraction  of  one  who  was  destined  to  become  the 
guardian  spirit  of  his  life.  It  was  not  long  after  the  period  to 
which  our  narrative  has  now  arrived,  that  Elizabeth,  the  second 
daughter  of  Col.  Gamble,  became  the  wife  of  the  subject  of  this 
memoir.  Of  all  the  fortunate  incidents  in  the  life  of  William 
Wirt,  his  marriage  with  this  lady,  may  be  accounted  the  most 
auspicious.  During  the  long  term  of  their  wedlock,  distinguished 
for  its  happy  influence  upon  the  fortunes  of  both,  her  admirable  vir- 
tues, in  the  character  of  wife  and  mother,  her  tender  atlection  and 
watchful  solicitude  in  every  thing  that  interested  his  domestic 
regard,  and  in  all  that  concerned  his  public  repute,  commanded 
from  him  a  devotion  which,  to  the  last  moment  of  his  life,  glowed 
with  an  ardor  that  might  almost  be  called  romantic. 

In  the  many  letters  which  have  been  preserved,  written  by  Mr. 
Wirt  to  his  wife,  beginning  in  the  earliest  period  of  their  ac- 
quaintance, and  continued  to  the  last,  most  of  which  have  passed 
under  the  review  of  the  author  of  this  biography, — if  such  confi- 
dences could  be  published  to  the  world,  they  would  exhibit  to  the 
reader  the  most  agreeable  evidences  of  an  attachment  of  which 
time  had  no  power  to  dull  the  edge,  and  which  not  less  intensely 
engrossed  the  afiections  of  his  mature  age,  than  it  commanded  the 


CHAP.  VII.]  A    THEATRICAL    INCIDENT.  91 

worship  of  his  early  manhood.  No  eulogy  can  better  express  the 
merit  of  a  woman,  than  such  a  tribute  from  one  so  able  to  observe, 
and  so  formed  to  appreciate  female  excellence. 

This  prize  was  not  won  without  many  apprehensions.  The 
lover  had  not  yet  given  that  hostage  to  fortune,  which  might  be 
said  to  strengthen  the  assurance  of  the  father  in  the  success  of  the 
young  votary. 

The  giving  away  a  daughter's  hand,  is  a  perilous  and  respon- 
sible office  to  a  parent.  Men  weigh  this  matter,  often,  with 
painful  anxiety,  even  when  the  foundations  for  hope  are  strongest. 
The  clerk  of  the  House,  we  must  admit,  was  not  in  the  safest 
category  for  a  father's  ready  consent.  There  are  some  men  who 
ripen  early,  and,  at  eight  or  nine  and  twenty,  have  their  full  freight 
of  discretion  and  judgment.  There  are  others  whose  boyhood 
runs  into  a  later  date.  Wirt  was  one  of  these,  as  they  who 
were  intimate  with  him  in  advanced  life,  might  testify.  A  certain 
boyishness  of  character,  if  I  may  call  it  so,  did  not  altogether 
desert  his  mature  age,  and,  indeed,  often  disputed  the  mastery  in  it. 

Colonel  Gamble,  the  story  goes,  had  his  doubts  whether  the  suitor 
should  be  presently  sped  in  his  enterprise,  or  whether  he  should 
wait  for  a  longer  probation.  When  he  was  consulted  by  the  mis- 
giving candidate  on  that  awful  point,  "  to  be,  or  not  to  be,"  there 
was  some  demur,  and  the  young  gentleman  was  put  upon  his  good 
behaviour. 

During  this  interval,  as  the  tale  has  been  told,  Col.  Gamble  had 
occasion,  one  summer  morning,  at  sunrise,  to  visit  his  future  son- 
in-law's  office.  It  unluckily  happened  that  Wirt  had,  the  night 
before,  brought  some  young  friends  there,  and  they  had  had  a 
merry  time  of  it,  which  had  so  beguiled  the  hours,  that  even  now, 
at  sunrise,  they  had  not  separated.  The  Colonel  opened  the  door, 
little  expecting  to  find  any  one  there  at  that  hour.  His  eyes  fell 
upon  the  strangest  group.  There  stood  Wirt  with  the  poker  in 
his  right  hand,  the  sheet-iron  blower  fastened  upon  his  left  arm, 
which  was  thrust  through  the  handle ;  on  his  head  was  a  tin  wash 
basin,  and,  as  to  the  rest  of  his  dress — it  was  hot  weather,  and  the 
hero  of  this  grotesque  scene  had  dismissed  as  much  of  his  trap- 
pings as  comfort  might  be  supposed  to  demand,  substituting  for 
them  a  light  wrapper  that  greatly  added  to  the  theatrical  effect. 
There  he  stood  in  this  whimsical  caparison,  reciting,  with  an 


92  SECOND   MARRIAGE.  [1802— 1S03. 

abundance  of  stage  gesticulation,  Falstaff"'s  onset  upon  the  thieves. 
His  back  was  to  the  door.  The  opening  of  it  drew  all  attention. 
We  may  imagine  the  queer  look  of  the  anxious  probationer,  as 
Col.  Gamble,  with  a  grave  and  mannerly  silence,  bowed  and  with- 
drew, closing  the  door  behind  him  without  the  exchange  of  a 
word. 

How  long  this  untoward  incident  might  have  deferred  the  hopes 
of  the  young  people,  we  cannot  say,  but  the  promotion  to  the 
Chancellorship  came  in,  most  opportunely,  to  sustain  the  pretensions 
of  the  lover,  and  to  furnish  a  new  pledge  for  his  future  sedate- 
ness,  and  all  further  trial  was  dispensed  with.  He  was  married 
in  Richmond  on  the  7th  of  September,  1802. 

He  held  the  Chancellorship  but  some  six  or  seven  months  after 
his  marriage.  The  duties  attached  to  it  were  onerous,  exacting 
nearly  all  his  time,  whilst  they  excluded  him  from  that  various 
practice  upon  which  he  had  built  his  hopes  of  eminence.  The 
salary  was  too  small  to  meet  the  demands  of  a  family,  and  at  his 
time  of  life  he  felt  that  such  a  post  was  to  be  regarded  rather  as 
an  impediment  to  his  progress  than  a  furtherance.  The  chief  ad- 
vantage to  be  derived  from  it  was  the  testimony  it  gave  to  the 
world  of  his  standing  in  his  profession,  and  that  benefit  was  not 
likely  to  be  greatly  enhanced  by  his  continuing  to  hold  it.  A  ju- 
dicial appointment,  in  this  country,  may  justly  be  regarded  as  the 
appropriate  honor  of  professional  life  after  the  active  period  of 
ambitious  labor  is  past.  It  is  best  adapted  to  that  stage  when 
men  may  be  supposed  anxious  to  exchange  the  severer  toils  of 
practice  for  honorable  elevation,  and  for  the  leisure  that  may  en- 
able them  to  digest  and  improve  the  studies  which,  in  the  impor- 
tunities of  full  occupation  at  the  bar,  generally  produce  fruits 
more  abundant  than  ripe.  But  to  a  young  lawyer,  stimulated  by 
the  hope  of  fame  and  by  the  ardor  of  genius,  intent  upon  master- 
ing his  profession  and  turning  it  to  good  account  in  the  attainment 
of  wealth,  such  an  appointment  is  but  a  hindrance  at  every  step 
after  the  first. 

These  considerations  were  brought  very  cogently  to  his  mind 
in  the  position  in  which  he  now  found  himself.  In  the  month  of 
November  he  removed  his  wife  to  Williamsburg,  and  devoted 
himself  throughout  the  ensuing  winter  with  assiduity  to  the  duties 
of  his  office.     During  this  period  he  made  up  his  mind  to  relin- 


CHAP.  VII.]  REMOVES    TO    WILLIAMSBURG.  93 

quish  his  judicial  honors,  and  to  throw  himself  once  more  upon  his 
profession.  The  public  attention  was  at  that  time  strongly  drawn 
to  Kentucky,  as  a  field  especially  propitious  to  the  enterprise  of 
the  young.  Numbers  of  the  most  respectable  families  of  Vir- 
ginia had  already  migrated  to  that  State,  and  the  marvels  of  its 
rapid  growth  and  teeming  prosperity  were  recounted  with  such 
commendation  as  to  raise  a  general  fervor  in  behalf  of  settlement 
in  this  El  Dorado  of  the  West.  We  have  since  become  familiar 
with  these  charms  of  western  adventure,  and  have  seen  the  vast 
wilderness  beyond  the  Allegany  spring  into  civilization,  refinement 
and  luxury,  with  an  impulse  that  even  transcends  all  that  the  ex- 
cited imagination  of  the  day  to  which  our  narrative  refers  ever 
promised.  At  that  time,  however,  the  promise  was  mainly  di- 
rected to  Kentucky,  and  tliither  the  tide  of  emigration  from  Vir- 
ninia  and  the  other  central  States  chiefly  tended. 

Wirt  was  caught  by  this  common  fervor,  and  began  seriously  to 
meditate  upon  a  removal  to  the  new  country.     Friends  in  Ken- 
tucky urged  him  to  come,  painting  to  him  in  glowing  colors  the 
success  and  advancement  that  awaited  him.     Friends  in  Virginia 
advised  him  to  go,  seconding  and  confirming  all  the  arguments 
which  the  first  had  used  in  the  way  of  inducement.     There  was, 
however,  one  ricliiy  deserving  the  name  of  a  true  and  generous 
friend,  who  advised  a  contrary  resolve,  and  entreated  him  to  re- 
main in  Virginia.     This  gentleman  was  Littleton  Waller  Taze- 
well, then  a  most  prominent  member  of  the  Norfolk  bar,  and  sub- 
sequently greatly  distinguished  throughout  Virginia  and  the  Union 
as  one  of  the  leading  lawyers  and  politicians  of  that  State.     His 
advice  to  Wirt  was  to  adhere  to  that  society  in  which  he  had 
already  experienced  so  much  favor,  and  to  establish  his  hopes  of 
advancement  upon  the  exercise  of  his  talents  at  the  bar  of  Vir- 
ginia.    To  enforce  this  solicitation,  Mr.  Tazewell  offered  to  share 
with  him  his  own  practice  in  Norfolk,  and  to  throw  in  his  way 
every  advantage  which  his  legal  connexions  might  put  at  his  dis- 
posal.    The  letters  which  follow  to  his  friend  have  a  reference  to 
these  questions,  amongst  others,  which  are  debated  with  a  pleasant 
mixture  of  good  sense  and  gaiety  of  temper  particularly  charac- 
teristic of  the  writer. 


94  LETTER   TO    CARR. 


[1S02— 1S03. 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  February  13,  1803. 
Carissime  Currus: 

****** 

This  honor  of  being  a  Chancellor  is  a  very  empty  thing,  sto- 
machicaliy  speaking ;  that  is,  although  a  man  be  full  of  honor  his 
stomach  may  be  empty;  or  in  other  words,  honor  will  not  go  to 
market  and  buy  a  peck  of  potatoes.  On  fifteen  hundred  dollars 
a  year,  I  can  live,  but  if  death  comes  how  will  my  wife  and  family 
live.-*  Her  father  and  mother  perhaps  dead,  her  sisters  and  brothers 
dispersed  to  the  ends  of  the  earth,  what  will  become  of  her }  This 
is  the  only  rub  that  clogs  the  wheels  of  my  bliss,  but  it  is  in  my 
power  to  remove  even  this  rub,  and,  in  the  event  of  my  death,  in  a 
few  years  to  leave  my  wife  and  children  independent  of  the  frowns 
or  smiles  of  the  world. 

What  I  have  to  ask  you,  then,  is,  shall  I,  for  the  sake  of  a  little 
empty  honor,  forego  the  pleasure  of  this  independence }  a  pleasure 
which  would  soothe  me  even  in  the  hour  of  death :  or  shall  I,  for 
the  sake  of  attaining  this  blessed  independence,  and  the  content- 
ment and  dignity  of  mind  which  belong  to  it,  renounce  at  once  the 
starving  honor  which  I  now  possess  .!*  You  may  see,  from  the 
terms  in  which  I  state  the  case,  that  my  own  mind  is  in  favor  of 
the  latter  renunciation.  Nevertheless,  it  would  give  me  great  sat- 
isfaction that  my  friends,  too,  approved  of  my  plans. 

The  counsels  of  my  friends  in  Virginia  and  in  Kentucky,  press 
me  with  fervor  to  the  latter  country.  There  is  an  uncommon 
crisis  in  the  superior  courts  of  that  State,  and  I  am  very  strongly 
tempted  to  take  advantage  of  it.  I  would  go  to  the  bar,  and  bend 
all  the  powers  of  my  soul  and  body  to  the  profession  for  fifteen 
years.  In  that  time,  I  have  no  doubt,  I  should  have  amassed  a 
sufficiency  of  wealth,  to  enable  me  to  retire  into  the  lap  of  my 
family,  and  give  up  my  latter  days  to  ease. 

In  the  course  of  my  business  there,  too,  it  would  be  my  study 
so  to  unite  my  dignity  with  my  interest  as,  in  my  old  age,  to  be 
able  to  lead  my  sons  (if  I  am  blessed  with  sous)  upon  the  theatre 
of  life,  so  as  to  pre-engage  for  them  the  respect  and  confidence  of 
the  world,  that  they  might  never  blush  at  the  mention  of  their 


CHAP.  VII.]  LETTER    TO    CARR.  95 

father's  name,  unless  it  were  a  blush  of  reflected  honor  and  virtu- 
ous emulation.  These  are  the  scenes  which  dance  before  my 
delighted  imagination,  which  I  believe  b}'  no  means  chimerical  •, 
on  the  contrary,  if  I  enjoy  my  natural  health,  I  have  no  doubt 
(from  the  actual  experience  of  others  in  the  same  State)  of  my 
ability  to  realize  them.  Such  is  the  prospect  on  one  hand.  On 
the  other,  it  is  possible  that  I  may,  like  Mr.  Wythe,  grow  old  in 
judicial  honors  and  Roman  poverty.  I  may  die  beloved,  rever- 
enced almost  to  canonization  by  my  country,  and  my  wife  and 
children,  as  they  beg  for  bread,  may  have  to  boast  that  they  were 
mine.  Honor  and  glory  are  indeed  among  the  strongest  attrac- 
tions, but  the  most  towering  glory  becomes  dust  in  the  balance 
when  poised  against  the  happiness  of  my  family. 

If  you  think  it  right  that  I  should  resign,  the  questions  which 
remain  are,  when  shall  I  do  so,  and  in  what  country  shall  I  re- 
sume the  practice  of  law.'' 

As  to  this  xohen?  I  am  thirty  years  of  age;  fifteen  years  more 
will  make  me  forty-five.  In  my  opinion  a  man  of  forty-five  ought 
to  be  able  to  work  or  play  as  he  pleases.  I  have  no  notion  of 
toiling  on  till  I  am  too  old  or  too  infirm  to  enjoy  even  retire- 
ment : — so  that  I  have  no  time  to  lose. 

As  to  the  ichere?  In  Virginia,  the  most  popular  lawyer  in  the 
State  merely  makes  the  ends  of  the  year  meet, — I  mean  Edmund 
Randolph.  I  have  this  from  the  gentleman  who  keeps  his  books. 
Virginia,  therefore,  is  not  the  country  for  my  purpose.  The 
federal  city  is  not  to  my  taste,  or  interest.  It  would  require  too 
much  time  there  to  take  root.  In  the  soil  of  Kentucky  every 
thing  flourishes  with  rapidity.  Besides,  I  love  the  ardent  charac- 
ter of  the  State ;  and,  moreover,  it  is  a  country  calculated  to  give  a 
man  his  choice  of  modes  of  life.  Land  being  cheap  and  fertile,  he 
may  farm  it  on  his  country  seat,  or  dash  away,  when  his  wealth  will 
authorise  it,  in  the  circles  of  the  gay,  or  float  his  commercial 
speculations  down  the  Mississippi.  This  latter  view  of  the  subject 
is  meant  to  apply  to  the  various  views  of  those  to  whom  I  shall, 
with  the  blessing  of  heaven,  give  my  name. 

Pray  let  me  have  your  thoughts  at  large  on  this  subject. 

♦  *#***♦ 

Heaven  preserve  you, 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


96  LETTER   TO   CARR.  [1S02— 1803. 


TO    DABNEY   CARR. 

Williamsburg,  March  20,  1803. 
4c  *  *  *  *  * 

You  speak  of  my  removal  to  Kentucky  like  a  friend.  The  sep- 
aration from  many  who  are  dear  to  me  will  be  painful.  It  is  a 
pain  which  I  seem  to  have  been  destined  to  suffer  more  frequently 
than  almost  any  body  else  equally  fond  of  friends.  From  the  time 
I  first  left  my  native  roof  (at  the  age  of  seven)  I  have  lived  no- 
where, except  merely  long  enough  to  let  my  affections  take  a  firm 
root,  when,  either  w^ant  or  calamity  have  torn  me  up,  and  wafted 
me  into  some  strange  and  distant  soil.  Eight  or  ten  times  I  have 
experienced  this  fate: — and  although  a  separation  from  those 
whom  I  love  and  who  love  me,  however  often  repeated,  would 
still  be  painful,  I  derive  comfort  from  the  thought  that  my  stars 
have  never  yet  thrown  me  upon  a  soil  too  cold  or  barren  for 
friendship  and  love.  And  besides,  were  I  to  remain  here,  I  should 
be  almost  as  much  lost  to  you  and  my  other  beloved  friends  in 
Albemarle,  as  if  I  were  on  the  banks  of  the  Ohio.  I  owe  you, 
my  dear  friend,  a  detail  of  the  reasons  which  actuate  me  in  this 
measure,  and  I  render  it  with  pleasure. 

If  I  had  nothing  else  to  consider  but  the  immediate  support  of 
my  family,  I  should  be  obliged  to  resign  my  Chancellorship. 
Although  you  cry  out  "qui  fit  Meccenas,"it  is  not  caprice, but  the 
iron  hand  of  want  which  impels  me  to  this  resignation.  It  is  true 
that  by  rejecting  every  social  advance  from  the  inhabitants  here, 
which  I  should  be  obliged  to  do,  since  I  could  not  return  them ;  by 
immuring  myself,  from  day  to  day  and  forever,  within  the  solitary 
walls  of  my  own  house,  my  salary  might  be  sufficient  to  purchase 
bread  and  meat,  and  such  raiment  as  such  a  life  might  require ;  but 
these  are  conditions  which  I  choose  not  to  impose  either  on  others 
or  myself.  Another  consideration,  replete  with  terror,  is  that,  as 
my  salary  depends  on  my  own  life,  my  death  would  throw  my 
wife  and  children  on  the  charity  of  a  cold  and  selfish  world.  All 
these  things  considered,  and  also  that  I  am  now  in  the  prime  of 
life,  I  would  ask  whether  it  would  not  be  mean,  little,  and  worthy 
of  eternal  infamy  to  sit  quietly  down  against  the  light  of  con- 
science, and  see  these  misfortunes   coming  upon  me,  one  after 


CHAP.  VII.]        THINKS    OF  REMOVAL  TO    KENTUCKY.  97 

another,  in  direful  succession?  Would  you  think  a  man  worthy 
of  your  friendship  who  should  be  capable  of  such  disgraceful 
indolence? 

The  resignation  of  the  Chancellorship  becoming  thus  inevitable, 
the  only  remaining  question  is,  where  shall  I  resume  the  practice 
of  my  profession?  The  answer  clearly  is, in  that  country  where 
I  can,  with  most  certainty,  achieve  the  object  for  which  I  resign. 
That  is  a  support  for  my  family  independent  of  the  world  and  of 
my  own  life.  You  understand  me.  This  is  a  question  which  I 
have  deliberately  considered — not  in  the  delirium  of  a  Kentucky 
fever,  "  hissing  hot.  Master  Brooke,"  but  with  all  tlie  scrupulous, 
conscientious  coolness  of  which  my  mind  is  capable. 

You  ask,  why  quit  the  state  which  has  adopted,  which  has  fos- 
tered me,  which  has  raised  me  to  its  honors  ?  It  is  the  partiality 
of  your  friendship  which  puts  this  question.  I  am  sure  that  it  is 
very  immaterial  to  Virginia  where  I  reside. 

****** 

I  throw  this  point  entirely  out  of  the  question — and  consider 
simply  the  interests  of  my  family :  to  this  I  am  determined  that 
every  feeling  of  private  attachment  and  prepossession  for  Vir- 
ginia shall  bend.  Knowing,  as  I  have  done  experimentally,  the 
agony  to  which  the  want  of  wealth,  or  at  least  independence,  ex- 
poses any  mind  not  devoid  of  sensibility,  it  becomes  a  point  of 
conscience,  in  the  first  place,  and  soon  an  object  of  pleasurable, 
of  delightful  pursuit,  to  shelter  those  who  are  dear  to  me  from  all 
danger  of  the  like  torment.  Having  once  effected  this  purpose, 
death,  who  would  be  to  me,  now,  a  king  of  terrors  indeed,  would 
become  merely  a  master  of  ceremonies  to  introduce  me  into  the 
apartments  above. 

You  ask  me  how  many  you  could  name  who  are  now  amassing 
at  the  bar,  in  this  country,  wealth  as  fast  as  their  hearts  can  desire, 
or  quite  fast  enough  ?     I  answer  I  don't  know  how  many  you  could 

name.     W.  it  is  true  made  a  fortune. C.  is  also  making  a 

Ibrtune. With  the  exception   of  these   two,   there   is  not 

another  individual  who  has  hitherto  done  this  at  the  bar  of  these 
courts,  or  who  is  now  in  the  way  of  doing  so.  I  am  not  sure  of 
John  Taylor  of  Caroline.  He,  however,  practised  at  a  most  aus- 
picious period ;  such  a  one  as  does  not  now  exist.     Baker,  Innes, 

VOL.  1  —  9 


98  RESIGNS  THE   CHANCELLORSHIP.  [1802—1803. 

Pendleton,  Wythe,  Marshall,  Washington  and  others, — what  have 
they  made  by  the  profession  ?  Not  more  than  the  most  ordinary 
lawyer  in  Kentucky  is  able  to  do  in  five  or  six  years. 

****** 

Between  ourselves,  I  was  thirty  years  old  the  eighth  day  of  last 
November.  Have  I  any  time  to  lose .''  and  considering  "  the  uncer- 
tainty of  life  and  the  certainty  of  death,"  is  it  not  the  highest  wis- 
dom to  improve  every  flying  moment  to  the  best  advantage .'  Ten 
years  of  life  would  do  but  little  here.  In  Kentucky  they  might 
and  probably  would  make  my  family  affluent. 

For  the  first  time  in  my  life  (and  with  shame  I  confess  it)  I  look 
forward,  my  dear  Dabney,  with  a  thoughtful  mind,  and  a  heart 
aching  with  uncertainty,  to  the  years  which  lie  before  me.  I 
cannot  abide  the  reflection  that  the  time  shall  ever  come  when  my 
conscience  shall  reproach  me  with  having  neglected  the  interests 
and  happiness  of  my  family  ; — with  having  involved,  by  my  want 
of  energy  and  enterprise,  a  lovely  and  innocent  wife,  with  a  group 
of  tender  and  helpless  children,  in  want  and  misery. 

****** 

But  Hope,  like  an  angel  of  peace,  whispers  to  my  heart  that  this 
shall  not  be.  She  does,  indeed,  sketch  some  most  brilliant 'and 
ravishing  scenes  to  my  waking  as  well  as  sleeping  fancy.  Wealth, 
fame,  respect,  the  love  of  my  fellow-citizens,  she  designs  with  the 
boldness  and  grandeur  of  an  Angelo,  while,  with  all  the  softness 
and  sweetness  of  Titian's  pencil,  she  draws  my  wife  and  a  circle 
of  blooming,  beauteous  and  smiling  cherubs,  happy  as  innocence 
and  peace  and  plenty  can  make  them. 

****** 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

The  Chancellorship  was  resigned  in  May,  1803,  and  the  project 
of  the  emigration  to  Kentucky  abandoned.  Wirt  now  deter- 
mined to  take  up  his  abode  in  Norfolk,  in  accordance  with  Mr. 
Tazewell's  advice,  although,  for  the  present,  he  still  resided  in 
Williamsburg. 


CHAP.  VIL]    DETERMINES    TO    SETTLE    IN    NORFOLK.  99 


TO   DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  June  G,  1803. 

Well,  sir,  you  have  heard  that  I  have  disrobed  myself  of  the 
Chancellor's  furs,  and  I  feel  much  the  cooler  and  lighter  for  it. 
Not  but  that  there  was  some  awkwardness  in  coming  down  to 
conflict  with  men,  to  whom,  a  (ew  days  before,  my  dictum  was 
the  law.  The  pride  was  a  false  one,  and  I  revenged  myself  on  it. 
I  feel  little  triumph  in  being  thus  able  to  get  out  of  myself,  to 
survey,  from  an  intellectual  distance,  the  workings  of  my  own 
heart,  to  discern  and  to  chastise  its  errors. 

The  man  who  can  thus  make  an  impartial  and  candid  friend  of 
himself,  has  gained  a  great  point  in  the  reformation  and  perfection 
of  his  character. 

Thus  it  is  that  a  man  balances  the  account  of  his  feelings;  mor- 
tification presents  her  charge,  and  vanity  raises  a  countervailing 
item. 

You  are  aware  that  I  am  already  done  with  the  Kentucky  pro- 
ject. I  heard,  very  lately,  that  there  was  no  cash  in  that  state ; 
that  fees  were  paid  in  horses,  cows  and  sheep,  and  that  the  emi- 
nence of  their  lawyers  was  estimated  by  the  size  of  their  drove, 
on  their  return  from  their  circuits  :  while,  on  the  other  hand,  I 
was  drawn  to  Norfolk  by  the  attractions  of  her  bank. 

The  single  experiment  which  I  have  made,  justifies  this  latter 
move.  I  have  been  to  one  District  Court,  at  the  town  of  Suffolk, 
received  cash  two  hundred  and  eleven  dollars,  and  received  other 
business,  from  substantial  merchants,  making  the  whole  amount  of 
the  trip  five  hundred  and  twenty-eight  dollars,  which  I  consider  as 
no  ill  omen  of  my  future  success.  In  one  word,  I  am  assured, 
and  I  have  every  reason  to  believe  it,  that  my  annual  income  will 
be  twelve  hundred  pounds,  on  one-half  of  which  I  can  maintain 
my  family,  even  were  it  much  larger  than  it  is.  Two  or  three 
years  practice  will  put  me  in  the  possession  of  cash  which,  in 
such  a  place  as  Norfolk,  I  shall  be  able  to  turn  over  to  the  greatest 
advantage;  and,  all  things  considered,  I  do  not  think  the  hope  ex- 
travagant, that  by  the  time  I  am  forty  or,  at  farthest,  forty-five, 


Qa 


J^iG^G 


100  A    SPECULATION.  [1802—1803. 

I  shall  be  able  to  retire  from  the  bar,  in  ease  and  independence, 
and  spend  the  remainder  of  my  life  in  the  bosom  of  my  family, 
and  in  whatever  part  of  the  country  I  please, — so  that  I  think  it  not 
improbable  I  shall,  at  last,  lay  my  bones  near  you,  in  the  county 
of  Albemarle. 

I  leave  this  place  to-morrow. 

Adieu,  my  dear  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CHAPTER    VIII. 

1803. 

COMMEVCES      PRACTICE    IN    NORFOLK PROFESSIONAL      SUCCESS.— LETTER 

TO  POPE COMMENTS  ON  THE  PARSIMONY  OF  JUDICIAL  SALARIES BIRTH 

OF  HIS   ELDEST  CHILD RELIGIOUS    SENTIMENTS — TRIAL    OF  SHANNON 

SINGULAR     CASE    OP     CIRCUMSTANTIAL    EVIDENCE.— REMOVES    HIS    RESI- 
DENCE   TO   NORFOLK. 

After  the  resignation  of  the  Chancellorship,  Wirt  repaired  to 
Norfolk  to  recommence  the  practice  of  the  law  in  that  borough. 
His  family  residence,  however,  was  still  kept  up  at  Williams- 
burg, and  was  not  changed  until  the  ensuing  winter. 

His  reputation,  increased  by  his  late  official  position,  now  began 
to  bring  in  to  him  a  full  harvest  of  professional  fruits.  He  found 
himself  at  once  inducted  into  what,  at  that  day,  was  termed  a 
large  practice,  and  it  was  manifest  that  he  was  rising  rapidly  to  a 
commanding  eminence  at  the  Virginia  bar. 

Amongst  the  letters  of  this  period  I  find  one  which  dwells, 
somewhat  in  detail,  upon  his  progress  in  his  profession,  and  con- 
tains some  strictures  upon  the  policy  of  the  State  Government  in 
reference  to  judicial  salaries.  These  strictures  have  not  lost  their 
jjoint  at  the  present  day,  and  may  be  read  with  profit  in  other 
sections  of  the  United  States  than  Virginia. 

This  letter  is  written  to  one  of  the  first  and  best  of  Wirt's 
friends  in  that  state.  The  name  of  William  Pope  will  frequently 
occur  in  these  pages  connected  with  a  familiar  and  playful  corres- 
pondence. This  gentleman,  now  an  octogenarian,  still  survives  to 
attract  the  regard  of  a  large  circle  of  friends,  whose  most  cher- 
ished recollection  of  him  invariably  associates  him  with  the 
memory  of  the  subject  of  these  memoirs. 

He  resided,  at  the  date  of  this  correspondence,  as  he  does  at 
the  present  time,  (1848,)  at  Montpelier,  his  family  seat  in  Pow- 
hatan— a  central  point  between  Richmond  and  Albemarle,  some- 
what famous  of  old  for  the  good  fellowship  attracted  by  its  worthy 
proprietor, 

VOL.  1 — 9* 


102  LETTER   TO    POPE.  [1803- 

TO    WILLIAM   POPE. 

Richmond,  August  5,  1803. 

Mv  Dear  Sir: 

******* 

It  gives  me  pleasure  to  find  that  my  resignation  is  not  disap- 
proved by  my  friends.     To  me,  the  measure  was  indispensably 
necessary.     The  present  subsistence  and  future  provision  of  my 
family  depended  on  it.     I  only  wish  that  it  may  lead  the  way  to 
some  resignation  whose  inconvenience  the  State  would  sensibly 
feel.     Such  an  event  would  bring  our  fellow-citizens   to  their 
senses  on  the  subject  of  salaries.     To  be  sure,  in  a  republic,  pub- 
lic economy  is  an  important  thing;  but  public  justice  is  still  more 
important;  and  there  is  certainly  very  little  justice  in  expecting 
the  labor  and  waste  of  a  citizen's  life  for  one-third  of  the  emolu- 
ments which  he  could  derive  from  devoting  himself  to  the  service 
of  individuals.     Most  surely  there  is  no  ground  on  which  such  a 
sacrifice  could  be  justly  expected,  except,  indeed,  on  the  ground  of 
public  necessity.     If  Virginia  were  too  poor  to  pay  her  officers, 
it  would  then  become  patriotic,  indeed  it  would  become  a  duty  to 
make  this  sacrifice  to  the  country's  good.     But  as  it  is  merely  the 
will  and  not  the  power  that  is  wanting,  it  is  out  of  the  question  to 
expect  that  a  man  should  make  a  burnt-offering  of  himself,  his 
wife  and  his  children,  on  the  altar  of  public  avarice  or  public 
whim.     It  is  really  humiliating  to  think,  that  although  these  plain 
truths  will  be  acknowledged  by  any  member  of  the  Legislature  to 
whom  you  address  them  in  private,  yet  there  is  scarcely  one  man 
in  the  House  bold  enough  to  vote  his  sentiments  on  the  subject, 
after  a  call  of  the  yeas  and  nays : — he  will  not  dare  to  jeopard 
his  re-election  by  such  a  vote.     Where  is  the  difference  between 
an  Assembly,  thus  unduly  influenced,  and  the  National  Assembly 
of  France,  held  in  duress  and  impelled  by  the  lawless  shouts  of  a 
Jacobinic  gallery  ?     Would  a  Cato  or  a  Brutus,  in  the  Roman  Se- 
nate, even  have  suppressed,  much  less  belied,  his  real  sentiment 
from  a  fear  of  public  censure  ?     Or  is  public  virtue  a  different 
thing  now  from  what  it  was  in  their  time .''     But  the  best  of  human 
institutions  have  their  defects, — and  this  is  one  of  those  which 
cleave  to  the  glorious  scheme  of  elective  government.     In  all 


CHAP.  VIII.]  JUDICIAL   SALARIES.  103 


cases,  whatever  may  be  his  own  opinion,  the  representative  seems 
to  think  liimseir  a  mere  mirror  to  reflect  the  will  of  his  consti- 
tuents, with  all  its  flaws,  obliquities  and  distortions.  Even  when 
he  knows  that  it  will  injure  the  country,  he  will  but  echo  the  po- 
pular voice,  with  the  single  motive  of  retaining  his  ill-deserved 
office  rather  than  offend  the  people  by  honest  service.  This 
brings  to  my  recollection  that  Roman  Consul  who  was  sent  to  op- 
pose Hannibal.  He  was  pressing  the  Carthaginian  sorely,  when 
his  enemies  at  Rome,  envious  of  the  glory  which  he  was  about  to 
gain,  procured  a  peremptory  mandate  by  which  he  was  required 
immediately  to  lay  down  his  commission  and  appear  at  Rome  to 
answer  a  criminal  impeachment.  But  he  saw  that  a  few  days 
more  of  service  would  deliver  his  country  from  the  invader,  and 
therefore,  neither  indignant  at  his  country's  ingratitude,  nor  ap- 
palled by  her  menaces,  he  dared  to  disobey.  Hannibal  was  van- 
quished,— Rome  was  saved,  and  a  triumph  was  decreed  to  the  dis- 
obedient victor.  What  member  of  our  Assembly  is  like  this 
consul  ? 

I  am  very  much  obliged,  by  the  friendly  apprehensions  which 
you  express  for  my  health,  on  account  of  the  climate  of  Norfolk. 
But  1  believe  that  Norfolk  is  not  at  all  dangerous,  except  in  the 
latter  end  of  August,  September,  and  the  beginning  of  October, 
and  during  these  months  I  shall  be  able  to  leave  the  place  without 
any  material  injury  to  my  revenue.  The  prospect  which  it  holds 
out  to  me,  is  flattering  in  the  highest  degree.  I  am  already  en- 
gaged in  very  productive  business  in  five  courts ;  so  that  you  will 
perceive  my  plan  is  now  too  broad  to  admit  of  the  enlargement 
which  you  so  kindly  propose  to  me.  I  am  very  sanguine  that, 
with  the  blessing  of  Providence,  I  sball  be  able  to  retire  from  bu- 
siness in  ten  or  fifteen  years,  with  such  a  fortune  as  will  place  my 
family,  at  least  above  want. 

******* 

And  how  do  you  prosper,  my  good  friend  .''  Does  fortune  flow 
in  upon  you  in  a  golden  deluge  ?  I  hope  it  does.  Good  men,  only 
deserve  to  be  rich,  because  they,  only,  are  disposed  to  employ 
their  wealth  for  the  good  of  the  world.  But  things,  in  general, 
take  a  different  turn,  and  none  grow  rich  but  the  selfish  and  the 

sordid.     Our  friend  B ,  however,  is  an  illustrious  exception  to 

this  remark.     A  more  feeling,  a  more  benevolent,  a  more  philan- 


104  BIRTH   OF   HIS    ELDEST   CHILD.  [1803- 

thropic  heart  never  palpitated  in  the  bosom  of  a  man.  I  love  him 
because  he  makes  no  parade  of  his  sympathies.  He  is  good  and 
kind,  and  tender  in  secret ;  and  he  is  satisfied  with  the  silent,  yet 
genial  approbation  of  his  own  heart.  But,  because  he  is  not  a 
scribe  or  pharisee,  to  stand  in  the  market  and  crossways  to  render 
ostentatious  charities,  and  because  he  still  thrives  and  prospers, 
the  malignant  world  has  slandered  him  as  selfish  and  miserly. 
******* 

I  beg  you  to  give  my  sincere  and  fervent  love  to  him.     Re- 
member me  also,  if  you  please,  to  that  excellent  little   fellow 

Q ,  and  believe  me, 

Dear  Pope, 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

On  the  3d  of  September,  within  a  few  weeks  after  the  date  of 
this  letter,  Wirt's  eldest  child,  Laura  Henrietta,  was  born. 

This  event  awakened  his  feelings  to  new  resolves  in  the  way  of 
duty,  and,  what  is  worthy  of  note,  to  a  more  full  and  open  recog- 
nition of  those  sentiments  of  religious  faith  to  which  I  have  here- 
tofore adverted,  and  in  the  gradual  development  of  which,  through- 
out the  progress  of  his  life,  we  shall  see  a  natural  and  agreeable 
illustration  of  the  tendencies  of  a  highly  intellectual  mind  to  seek 
for  its  security  and  content  in  the  sacred  wisdom  of  Christianity. 

We  have  a  strong  evidence  of  this  conviction  in  a  letter  to 
Mrs.  Wirt,  written  to  her  in  Richmond,  whilst  her  husband  was 
employed  in  the  duties  of  his  profession  at  Williamsburg.  In 
submitting  a  few  extracts  from  this  letter,  I  must  express  the  re- 
serve I  feel  against  the  violation  of  those  confidences  which  belong 
to  a  relation  that,  of  all  others,  is  least  suited  to  the  exposure  of 
its  secrets  to  the  world.  The  free  utterances  of  the  heart,  in  such 
a  relation,  may  very  rarely  and  scantily  aflbrd  a  theme  for  public 
comment,  even  with  the  most  delicate  caution  in  the  disclosure. 
To  bring  them  within  the  confines  of  what  is  due  to  the  proper 
office  of  biography,  much  must  necessarily  be  omitted;  and,  in 
regard  to  that  which  is  given,  the  reader  will  receive  it  with  the 
allowance  which  may  justly  be  claimed  for  communications  which 
were  never  designed  for  perusal  beyond  the  family  hearth,  or  to 


CHAP.  VIII.]  RELIGIOUS    SENTIMENTS.  105 


encounter  a  remark  that  was  not  suggested  by  the  nearest  and 
most  affectionate  sympathy  with  the  writer. 

I  may  hereafter  have  many  extracts  to  make  from  this  portion 
of  Wirt's  correspondence,  and  I  therefore  announce,  in  ad- 
vance, the  consideration  which  shall  induce  me  to  withhold  much 
more  than  I  submit,  and  which  I  hope  will  equally  relieve  me 
from  the  imputation  of  improperly  invading  the  sanctuary  of  pri- 
vate affection,  and  what  I  may  offer,  from  the  criticism  of  fas- 
tidious readers. 

On  the  present  occasion  he  writes : 

*  *  *  "  Your  reason  will  forbid  you  to  lament  my 
absence  too  deeply,  when  you  reflect  what  it  is  has  carried  me 
away.  It  is  not  misfortune;  but,  strong  in  health,  flushed  with 
hope,  and  animated  by  the  consciousness  that  I  am  in  the  dis- 
charge of  my  duty,  I  go  to  prepare  more  prosperous  days.         * 

*  *  *  This  is  the  reflection  which,  with  the  smile  of 
Heaven,  shall  not  only  support  me  through  fatigue,  but  sweeten 
all  the  toils  of  my  profession.  How  rugged  would  the  path  even 
of  duty  appear;  how  fruitless,  how  solitary,  how  disconsolate 
would  even  prosperity  be,  if  I  alone  were  to  taste  it !  It  is  the 
thought  that  my  wife  and  children  are  to   share   it  with  me — 

*  *  *  These  are  the  fond  ideas  which  possess  my  soul, 
which  never  fail  to  smooth  my  brow  in  the  midst  of  tumult,  to 
speak  peace  to  my  heart,  and  to  scatter  roses  over  my  path  of  life. 

******* 
"  How  much  do  I  owe  you  !  Not  only  the  creation  of  my  hopes 
of  happiness  on  earth,  but  the  restoration  of  my  hopes  of  happi- 
ness in  a  better  world.  *  *  *  j  ,Yiugt  confess  that 
the  natural  gaiety  of  my  character,  rendered  still  more  reckless 
by  the  dissipation  into  which  I  had  been  allured,  had  sealed  my 
eyes,  and  hidden  from  me  the  rich  inheritance  of  the  righteous. 
It  was  you,  whose  example  and  tender  exhortations  rescued  me 
from  the  horrors  of  confirmed  guilt,  and  taught  me  once  more  to 
raise  my  suppliant  mind  to  God.  The  more  I  reflect  on  it,  the 
more  highly  do  I  prize  this  obligation.  I  am  convinced,  tho- 
roughly and  permanently  convinced,  that  the  very  highest  earthly 
success,  the  crowning  of  every  wish  of  the  heart  would  still 
leave  even  the  earthly  happiness  of  man  incomplete.  The  soul 
has  more  enlarged  demands,  which  nothing  but  a  communion  with 


106  TRIAL    OF    SHANNON.  [1S03. 

Heaven  can  satisfy.  The  soul  requires  a  broader  and  more  solid 
basis,  a  stronger  anchor,  a  safer  port  in  which  to  moor  her  hap- 
piness, than  can  be  found  on  the  surface  of  this  world. 

******* 

"  Remembering  how  often  Heaven  snatches  away  our  idols  to 
show  us  the  futility  of  sublunary  enjoyments,  and  to  point  our 
thoughts  and  affections  to  a  better  world,  I  pray  that  its  kindness 
would  so  attemper  my  love  for  my  wnfe  and  her  child,  as  not  to 
destroy  the  reflection,  that  for  them,  as  well  as  every  other  bless- 
ing, I  depend  on  the  unmerited  beneficence  of  my  God ;  and  never 
to  permit  my  love  for  them  to  destroy  my  gratitude,  my  humble 
dependence  on  the  Father  of  the  Universe,  whose  power  is  equalled 
by  his  parental  kindness  and  mercy. 

"  How  should  I  be  laughed  at  if  this  letter  w^ere  read  by  those 
who  were  once  my  wild  companions !  How  should  I  be  envied  if 
they  knew  the  sweet  feelings  with  which  I  have  poured  out  these 
reflections,  warm  from  my  heart !" 

Constitutionally  gay  and  light-hearted,  as  the  writer  of  this  letter 
always  was,  even  to  the  latter  days  of  his  life,  and  noted  in  youth 
for  what  might  almost  be  deemed  the  excess  of  this  temperament, 
these  evidences  of  his  graver  thoughts  and  feelings,  cast  a  mellow 
tint  over  his  character,  and  furnish  an  early  presage  of  the  pre- 
dominating hue  which  distinguished  it  in  the  evening  of  his  career. 
He  was,  about  this  time,  concerned  in  the  trial  of  a  cause  in 
Williamsburg,  together  with  his  friend  Tazewell  and  Mr.  Semple, 
a  gentleman  who  was  afterwards  promoted  to  the  bench,  as 
counsel  for  a  man  by  the  name  of  Shannon.  This  case  is  only  re- 
markable as  a  curious  instance,  both  of  the  conclusiveness  of  cir- 
cumstantial evidence,  and  the  uncertainty  of  the  verdict  o(  a  jury 
when  perplexed  by  the  eloquence  of  adroit  counsel. 

Shannon  was  arraigned  for  the  murder  of  his  father-in-law^,  who 
had  been  shot  at  night,  in  his  own  house,  through  the  window. 
No  motive  w^as  known  to  exist  for  the  deed;  the  murderer  was 
unknown ;  and  the  circumstances  of  the  case  almost  defied  investi- 
gation. The  death  was  produced  by  buckshot.  The  morning 
after  the  murder,  whilst  the  neighbors,  and  such  others  as  the 
rumor  of  the  deed  had  brought  together,  were  examining  the 
premises,  to  find  some  clue  to  the  discovery  of  the  assassin,  and 
had  come  almost  to  the  point  of  abandoning  the  inquiry  as  hope- 


CHAP.  Vm.]  CIRCUMSTANTIAL    EVIDENCE.  107 

less,  one  amongst  them,  a  man  somewhat  noted  for  his  shrewdness 
in  curious  investigation,  placed  himself  in  what,  he  concluded, 
must  have  been  the  post  occupied  by  the  murderer  when  the  shot 
was  fired: — then  examining  along  the  line  of  the  direction  of  the 
fire,  he  discovered  a  small  piece  of  letter  paper,  which  manifestly, 
from  the  mark  of  powder  and  fire  upon  it,  must  have  been  part  of 
the  wadding  of  the  gun.  This  paper  had  a  single  letter,  m  written 
upon  it,  and  lorn  from  the  word  to  which  it  belonged.  About 
the  moment  when  this  discovery  was  made,  some  one  remarked, 
that  Shannon,  the  son-in-law,  had  not  been  present  that  morning. 
His  absence  on  such  an  occasion,  was  thought  strange;  and,  forth- 
with, a  general  inquiry  was  made  after  him.  With  no  stronger 
ground  for  suspicion  than  this  fact,  a  search  was  immediately 
made  to  ascertain  where  he  was.  He  dwelt  on  the  opposite  side 
of  James  River,  some  seven  or  eight  miles  distant;  but,  it  was 
proved  that  he  had  been  in  Williamsburg  the  day  before  with  a 
gun,  which  was  without  a  lock.  A  blacksmith,  who  gave  this 
testimony,  stated,  moreover,  that  Shannon  had  brought  the  gun  to 
him  to  be  repaired,  and  he  not  being  able  to  repair  it  that  day, 
it  was  taken  away  in  the  condition  in  which  it  was  brought.  A 
party  now  set  out  for  Shannon''s  house.  He  was  not  there:  he 
had  not  been  there  during  the  night.  They  pursued  their  quest 
and  found  him  at  last,  thirty  miles  off,  in  a  tavern,  asleep,  with  his 
clothes  on.  Upon  being  arrested  and  examined,  a  few  buckshot 
were  found  in  his  pocket,  and  a  letter  with  one  corner  torn  off,  to 
which  the  fragment,  picked  up  at  the  house  of  the  deceased,  was 
applied  and  found  to  fit,  coupling  the  letter  m  with  y  and  shewing 
its  proper  relation  in  a  written  sentence.  These  facts,  it  seems, 
were  not  strong  enough  to  persuad'e  the  jury  of  the  guilt  of  the 
prisoner.  One  of  the  twelve,  more  scrupulous  than  the  rest,  or, 
we  may  infer,  more  susceptible  to  the  influences  of  the  specious 
eloquence  of  counsel,  who  were,  doubtless,  very  ingenious,  as  the 
phrase  is,  in  the  defence  of  the  suspected  culprit,  "hung  out,"  and, 
as  a  consequence,  starved  out  his  compeers,  and  so,  brought  them 
to  the  confession  that  they  could  not  agree ;  and  they  were  ac- 
cordingly discharged,  and  Shannon  was  allowed  to  go  forth  un- 
molested, to  claim  the  benefit  of  his  successful  speculation. 

Wirt  appears  to  have  excited  great  expectations  as  the  counsel 
in  this  case.     The  court   house  at  Williamsburg  was  thronged 


108  REMOVES    TO    NORFOLK.  [1803. 

with  visiters, — a  large  number  of  ladies  amongst  the  rest, — and 
his  speech  in  the  case  is  remembered  as  one  of  the  best  of  his 
early  displays  at  the  bar. 

In  a  letter  to  his  wife  written  when  this  trial  was  about  to  come 
on,  29th  Sept.  1803,  there  is  the  following  reference  to  it: 

"  Only  one  Judge  to-day — Winston.  Parker  is  expected  to- 
night. 

"  The  gallery  was  full  of  ladies,  expecting  to  hear  (as  C.  tells 

me)  Mr.  W defend  Shannon. — '  Vain  creature !'  say  you. — 

Vain  enough;  but  not  on  this  account.  The  man  who  knows  and 
feels  his  own  foibles,  and  can  draw  off  from  himself  so  far  as  to 
make  a  proper  estimate  of  his  own  imperfections,  will  not  be  hurt 
by  the  flatteries  of  others. 

#  #  *  *  *  * 

"What  do  you  think  of  Shannon's  gallantry.?  Although  in 
irons  and  chained  to  the  wall  and  floor,  he  has  made  a  conquest  of 
the  gaoler's  wife,  and  she  has  declared  her  resolution  to  petition 
for  a  divorce  from  her  husband,  and  follow  Shannon,  if  he  is  ac- 
quitted, to  the  end  of  the  world." 

****** 

In  the  month  of  December,  Wirt  took  a  house  in  Norfolk,  and 
by  the  commencement  of  the  new  year,  1804,  he  removed  his 
family  thither,  to  make  it,  for  the  future,  his  permanent  abode. 


CHAPTER    IX. 

1803  —  1804. 

THE   BRITISH  SPY ENEMIES  MADE  BY  IT.— LETTERS  TO  CARR,  WITH    SOME 

ANECDOTES    CONNECTED    WITH     THE     PUBLICATION     OF     THE    SPY.— HIS 
OPINION  OF  THAT  WORK. 

Wirt  now  appears  in  the  character  of  an  author.  During 
the  month  of  August,  1803,  he  commenced  the  letters  of  The 
British  Spy.  They  were  published  in  September  and  October,  in 
"  The  Argus,"  at  Richmond. 

The  popularity  of  The  British  Spy,  had  scarcely  a  parallel 
in  any  work,  in  the  same  department  of  letters,  which  had,  at  that 
date,  been  contributed  to  American  literature.  It  may  be  regarded 
as  having  conferred  upon  its  author  a  distinct  and  prominent  lite- 
rary reputation. 

The  reader  of  these  letters,  at  this  day,  will  express  his  sur- 
prise that  the  public  judgment  should  have  given  such  weight 
to  a  production  so  unlabored,  and  so  desultory.  He  will  not 
fail  to  perceive,  it  is  true,  in  these  essays,  an  agreeable  foretaste 
of  high  literary  accomplishment,  but  he  will  regard  this,  rather  as 
the  earnest  of  a  talent  to  achieve  a  distinction  in  letters,  than  the 
achievement  itself;  and  he  will  find  occasion,  in  the  singular  success 
of  this  little  book,  to  remark  how  eagerly  the  taste  of  this  country 
was  disposed,  at  that  period,  to  welcome  any  clever  effort  to  con- 
tribute even  the  lightest  donation  towards  the  increase  of  our 
,small  stock  of  national  authorship. 

These  letters  are  written  in  a  polished  and  elegant  style,  exhib- 
iting, very  notably,  a  most  accurate  study  and  appreciation  of  the 
best  standards  of  English  literature.  They  deal  with  such  topics 
of  superficial  observation  as  a  casual  residence  in  Virginia,  and 
particularly  at  Richmond,  might  be  supposed  to  supply  to  an  edu- 
cated foreigner.  The  distinctive  traits  of  Virginia  society,  man- 
ners, opinions  and  popular  institutions,  are  glanced  at  with  a  happy 
facility  of  observation ;  some  geological  questions  are  discussed 

VOL.  1  —  10 


110  THE    BRITISH    SPY.  [1803—1804. 

with  an  acuteness  of  remark  and  fullness  of  information  which 
demonstate  that  the  science  to  which  they  refer  was  a  favorite 
study  of  the  author.  But  the  chief  topic,  and  one  which,  it  is 
evident,  furnished  the  predominant  motive  to  the  w^riting  of  the 
letters,  is  that  which  leads  him  to  a  dissertation  upon  modern 
eloquence,  and  the  illustration  of  it  by  a  picture  of  some  of  the 
leading  lawyers  of  Virgina.  To  this  theme  he  had  obviously 
given  a  careful  study,  and  sought  to  embody  its  conclusions  in 
these  letters.  He  performs  this  duty  with  the  love  of  a  student 
expatiating  on  his  chosen  pursuit.  The  British  Spy  may,  in  this 
respect,  be  considered  as  the  treatise  "  De  Oratore"  of  one  who 
was  no  small  proficient  in  the  art,  and,  in  that  light,  may  be  read 
with  profit  by  every  aspirant  to  the  honors  of  the  public  speaker. 
He  who  does  read  it  will  regret  that  a  master  who  could  so  hap- 
pily instruct,  has  not,  at  greater  leisure,  with  larger  scope  and  at 
a  maturer  period  of  his  life,  given  to  the  world  a  volume  on  this 
topic  enriched  by  his  own  varied  experience  and  profound  phi- 
losophy. 

The  success  of  these  letters  astonished  no  one  more  than  their 
author.  They  were  written  rapidly  and  committed,  almost  as  soon 
as  written,  to  the  columns  of  a  newspaper,  where  they  appeared 
with  every  blemish  and  imperfection  to  which  such  a  medium  of 
publication  was  liable.  Although  a  studied  concealment  of  the 
authorship  was  preserved,  during  the  period  of  publication  and  for 
some  time  afterwards,  this  did  not  protect  the  writer  either  from 
vehement  suspicion  at  first,  nor  from  the  final  determination  of  the 
paternity  of  the  book  by  the  community. 

In  some  of  the  portraits  which  the  author  drew  of  his  contem- 
poraries at  the  bar,  he  is  said  to  have  given  offence,  and  to  have 
brought  upon  himself  threats  of  reprisal.  At  the  present  time,  so 
remote  from  that  which  witnessed  these  agitations,  we  marvel  that 
comments,  so  little  derogatory  to  the  personal  excellence  of  the 
subjects  of  them — which,  in  fact,  rather  infer  and  sustain  their 
reputation,  as  men  sufficiently  prominent  to  form  examples  and 
studies — that  these  should  have  embittered  any  one  against  their 
author.  It  is,  nevertheless,  true,  as  we  shall  see  in  some  of  the 
correspondence  of  this  period,  that  the  author  did  not  escape 
without  making  enemies  by  his  book. 


CriAP.  IX.  ENEMIES    MADE    BY    IT.  Ill 

It  is  pleasant  to  know,  however,  that  these  enmities  were  not 
long-lived,  and  that  some  of  the  most  intimate  friends  and  asso- 
ciates of  Mr.  Wirt's  subsequent  days  were  those  with  whom  he 
was  supposed  to  have  too  freely  dealt  in  the  letters. 

The  asperities  which  arose  out  of  this  publication  did  not  check 
tlie  author  in  the  career  of  his  humor,  nor  disturb  his  equanimity. 
Nor  did  they  disable  him  from  his  defence,  as  may  be  seen 
from  the  perusal  of  the  volume. 

Extensive  as  was  the  popularity  of  this  small  work  at  the  time 
of  its  first  appearance,  it  is  but  little  read  at  the  present  day. 
Forty  years  bring  a  severe  test  to  the  quality  of  any  book.    They 
are  generally  fatal  to  the  million  of  light  literature.     There  was  a 
time  when  few  libraries  in  this  country  were  unsupplied  with  a 
copy  of  the  British  Spy.     It  is  not  so  now.     The  overteeming 
press  pours  forth  its  stream  with  such  torrent-like  rapidity  and 
fullness,  that  the  current  has  well  nigh  swept  away  the  light  craft 
of  the  last  generation — even  such  as  were  supposed  to  be  most 
securely  moored.     We   must  look  for  them  now  only  in  those 
nooks  and  occasional  havens  where  the  fortunate  eddy  has  given 
them  shelter  against  the  pressure  of  the  flood.     The  British  Spy 
is  still  worthy  to  be  refitted  and  thrown  once  more  upon  the  wave. 
The  two  following  letters  to  Carr,  furnish  some  pleasant  anec- 
dotes connected  with  the  production  of  this  little  book.     In  the 
second  of  the  two,  the  reader  will  mark  some  new  aspirations 
towards  literary  enterprise,  agreeably  mixed  up  with  some  details 
of  professional  occupation,  and  with  a  grave  dissertation  upon  a 
subject  of  growing  importance  in  the  mind  of  the  writer. 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Norfolk,  January  16,  1804. 
My  Dear  Aminadab: 

Yours  of  the  31st  ult,  reached  me  by  the  last  mail.  I  am 
rejoiced  that  this  silence  is  at  last  broken.  I  was  several  times  on 
the  point  of  breaking  it  myself,  although,  as  you  acknowledge, 
you  were  a  letter  in  my  debt;  but  some  perverse  circumstance 
always  thwarted  the  intention.  Indeed,  like  Martha,  I  have  been 
busy  about  many  things;  though  I  hope  that,  like  Mary,  I  have 
chosen  the  better  part. 


112  LETTER   TO    CARR.  [1803—1804. 

This  is  Sunday,  so  you  must  allow  me  to  be  a  little  scriptural. 
But  waving  with  you  the  ichy  and  the  wherefore^  I  rejoice  at  this 
resurrection  of  our  correspondence,  and  I  trust  that  no  wintry  cir- 
cumstance will  ever  again  occur  to  suspend  its  pulse  of  life  even 
for  a  moment.  Mark,  sir,  how  metaphorical  I  am !  But,  in 
plain  and  sober  earnest,  I  look  to  you  as  one  of  those  few  well 
tried  and  dearly  beloved  friends  who  will  often  relax  my  "  brow  of 
care,"  and  checker,  with  soft  and  genial  light,  the  dusky  path  of 
life.  I  look  forward,  with  a  kind  of  plaintive  pleasure,  to  the 
period  when,  after  my  bones  are  in  the  grave,  my  children,  in 
turning  over  my  old  letters,  will  meet  with  yours  and  my  dear 
Peachy's,*  and,  with  eyes  swimming  with  tears,  hang  over  your 
warm  and  affecting  expressions  of  love  and  friendship.  It  is  this 
that  touches  my  heart;  it  is  this  pathetic  prospect,  connected  with 
the  present  enjoyment  of  your  intercourse,  that  fortifies  me  against 
the  chances  of  the  world,  and  new  strings  my  system  for  the 
labors  of  my  profession.  But  for  the  domestic  joys  which  encircle 
me,  and  the  conviction  that  I  have  a  few  valuable  friends  by  whom 
I  am  known  and  beloved,  I  should  be  the  poorest  wretch  for  busi- 
ness that  ever  groaned  upon  the  earth.  How  can  men  toil  as  I 
see  them  doing  here ;  business  in  their  heads,  business  in  their 
hearts,  business  forever  in  their  faces,  without  one  palpitation  to 
tell  them  what  love  and  friendship  mean.  Not,  my  dearest  sir, 
that  I  would  turn  my  back  on  any  business,  however  herculean, 
but  I  must  unbend  and  refresh  whenever  the  voice  of  pure  affec- 
tion calls  me.  Often,  my  dear  Dabney,  may  yours  call  me !  You 
will  find  my  heart  ever  ready  to  echo  you. — But  to  answer  you,  in 
order. 

I  come,  in  order,  to  a  certain  author  y'clept  the  British  Spy. 
1  shall  not  be  either  so  unfriendly  or  so  childishly  affected  as  to 
deny  the  brat  to  be  my  own.  To  the  world,  however,  I  do  not 
choose  to  make  any  such  proclamation,  for  divers  obvious  reasons. 
Indeed  I  gain  nothing  by  this  silence.  The  thing  is  as  generally  and 
confidently  imputed  to  me,  as  if  my  name  were  in  the  title  page. 
For  you  are  to  understand  that,  very  far  beyond  my  expectations, 
the  printer  has  found  it  his  interest  not  only  to  bind  it  up  in  a 
pamphlet,  but  to  issue  a  second  edition.  It  is  meet  that  I  give 
you  some  account  of  the  rise  and  progress  of  this  affair. 

*  Mr.  Peachy  Gilmer,  an  elder  brother  of  Francis  Walker. 


CtlAP  IX.  ANECDOTES    OF    THE    SPY.  113 

I  was  in  Richmond,  attending  on  a  business  with  whose  painful 
anxieties  experience  has  made  you  acquainted.  It  was  to  divert  my 
own  mind,  during  this  period  of  uneasiness  and  alarm  that  I  began 
to  write.  But  after  the  project  was  thus  started,  I  will  acknowledge 
to  you,  my  friend,  that  there  were  secondary  considerations  which 
supported  and  warmed  me  throughout  the  enterprise.  I  was 
gratified  by  the  encomiums  which  were  generally  pronounced  on 
the  composition,  and  I  was  still  more  delicately  gratified  in  obser- 
ving the  pleasure  with  which  my  wife  heard  those  encomiums.  I 
was  flattered  by  the  circumstance  that,  while  the  world  applauded, 
it  concurred  in  imputing  the  production  to  me;  and  this  without 
any  other  evidence  than  that  of  the  work  itself.  For  the  imputa- 
tion proved,  at  least,  that  the  world  had  not  a  disadvantageous 
opinion  of  my  understanding.  I  adopted  the  character  of  a  British 
Spy,  because  I  thought  that  such  a  title,  in  a  republican  paper, 
would  excite  more  attention,  curiosity  and  interest  than  any  other : 
and  having  adopted  that  character,  as  an  author,  I  was  bound  to 
support  it.  I  endeavored  to  forget  myself;  to  fancy  myself  the 
character  which  I  had  assumed ;  to  imagine  how,  as  a  Briton,  I 
should  be  struck  with  Richmond,  its  landscapes,  its  public  char- 
acters, its  manners,  together  with  the  political  sentiments  and 
moral  complexion  of  the  Virginians  generally.  I  succeeded  so 
well  that  in  several  parts  of  the  country,  particularly  in  Glouces- 
ter, and  in  the  neighborhood  of  Norfolk,  the  people  went  so  far  as 
to  declare  that  they  had  seen  the  very  foreigner,  (and  a  Briton  he 
was,  too,)  who  had  written  the  letters.  The  editor  of  a  paper  in 
Massachusetts,  by  whom  the  letters  were  republished,  declared  his 
opinion  that  the  author  was  an  American  who  had  received  his 
education  in  Great  Britain,  and  had  now  returned  to  his  native 
country.  Otherwise  he  could  not  account  for  the  union  of  British 
prejudice  with  the  intimate  knowledge  of  this  country,  which  was 
manifested  in  the  work.  You  may  be  sure  that  I  was  not  a  litlie 
tickled  with  these  sagacious  guesses.  Unfortunately,  however,  in 
my  zeal  to  support  my  adopted  character,  I  forgot  myself  too  far 
in  some  of  the  letters.  Hence  the  strictures  on  the  entertainers  of 
Dunmore's  son;  hence  the  portraits  of  living  characters,  which  I 
drew  with  a  mind  as  perfectly  absorbed  in  the  contemplation  of 
the  originals,  and  as  forgettivc  of  personal  consequences  "as  if  I 
had  really  belonged  to  another  planet;''  and,  upon  my  honor,  with 

VOL.  1  — 10* 


114  ANECDOTES.  [1S03— 1804. 

as  little  ill-will  towards  either  of  the  gentlemen.     It  was  not  until 

it  appeared  in  print  that  the  letter  portraying  R and  VV 

startled  me.  Then  the  indiscretion  stared  me  full  in  the  face ;  but 
"the  die  was  cast," — and,  to  make  the  worst  of  it,  1  had  merely- 
published  imprudent  truths.  But  I  had  made  enemies  of  the  gen- 
tlemen themselves,  with  all  their  connexions  and  dependencies. 
To  W I  have  made  some  atonement  in  the  last  edition,  be- 
cause of  the  magnanimity  with  which  he  viewed  the  publication  ; 
but  to  R I  have  not  offered,  and  I  never  will  offer  an  expia- 
tion. He  had  the  vanity  to  declare  that  the  whole  work,  although 
it  embraced  such  a  variety  of  topics,  had  one  sole  design,  and  that 
was  to  degrade  him ;  was  weak  enough  to  mention,  in  one  of 
his  arguments  before  Mr.  Wythe,  "the  scrutinizing  eye  of  the 
British  Spy,"  and,  to  express  to  his  brethren  his  wish  that  the 
British  Spy  was  practising  at  that  bar.  This  has  been  told  me  on 
unquestionable  authority.  In  his  last  wish  he  has  been  in  a 
measure  gratified.  He  was  called  to  the  bar  of  the  Suffolk  District 
Court  in  an  important  case  in  which  I  opposed  him.  The  ques- 
tion was  a  legal  one,  and  the  argument,  of  course,  addressed  to 
the  court.     He  had  the  conclusion,  and,  as  Tyler  and  Prentis  were 

the  judges,  I  was  a  little  uneasy  lest  the  weight  of  R 's  name, 

added  to  the  authoritative  manner  of  his  speaking,  should  have  an 
undue  effect  on  their  honors;  for  this  reason  I  thought  myself 
authorised  to  express  this  apprehension,  which  I  did  with  the 
highest  compliments  to  his  eloquence.  I  went  farther,  and  antici- 
pated, as  well  as  I  could,  not  only  the  matter  but  the  very  manner 
of  the  replies  which  I  supposed  he  would  make  to  my  argument. 
I  am  told  that  all  this  was  most  strikingly  in  the  spirit,  style,  and 
manner  of  the  British  Spy.  I  had,  howev^er,  no  intention  to  wound 
his  feelings,  but  merely  to  do  justice  to  my  cause,  and  give  it  fair 
play  before  the  court. 

Apprehending,  from  the  faces  of  the  company,  as  well  as  from 

the  mortified  looks  of  R ,  that  I  had  gone  beyond  my  purpose, 

and  said  more  than  the  occasion  justified,  I  spoke  to  him,  and 
stated  very  sincerely  the  purpose  of  my  remarks.  He  professed 
to  be  satisfied ;  but  he  was  disconcerted  and  wounded,  past  all 
power  of  forgiving.  He  was  so  confounded,  that  in  his  argument 
he  manifested  nothing  of  the  orator,  nor  even  of  himself,  but  the 
person  and  voice.     His  arguments  were  the  very  weakest  his  cause 


CHAP.  IX.]  ANECDOTES.  115 

furnished ;  his  order  (to  use  an  Irishism)  was  all  confusion,  and 
he  is  said  to  have  made  the  very  worst  speech  that  he  ever  did 
make.  In  short,  he  disappointed  every  body,  and  lost  a  cause 
which  he  had  declared  himself,  all  over  the  country,  sure  to  gain. 
If  he  had  never  been  my  enemy  before,  that  one  adventure  would 
have  made  him  so.  He  is,  I  suppose,  implacable;  but,  as  my 
heart  acquits  me  of  any  premeditated  injury,  and  as  I  fear  him 

not,  I  am  very  little  disturbed  at  his  displeasure.     Mr.  W is 

not  only  reconciled,  but,  to  all  appearance,  even  partial  to  me, 
since  he  has  been  lately  instrumental  in  promoting  my  professional 
benefit.  Marshall,  too,  has  given  me  a  fee  in  a  Chancery  case. 
Perhaps  they  are  pleased  in  running  parallels  between  them- 
selves and  some  great  Roman,  as  Julius  Caesar,  who,  being 
severely  libelled  by  Catullus,  invited  his  libeller  to  supper  and 
treated  him  so  courteously,  that  he  was  ever  after  his  friend.  Be 
it  so.  I  am  sure  that  I  am  no  libeller  in  intention;  and,  if  I  am 
not  blinded  by  partiality,  the  portraits  in  question  are  marked  with 
candor  and  benevolence.  With  regard  to  the  justifiability  of 
the  thing,  I  am  not  yet  convinced  that  established  lawyers  are  not 
proper  game  for  the  press,  so /ar  as  concerns  their  talents;  nor 
am  I  clear  that  the  procedure  was  wrong  on  the  ground  of  public 
utility.  That  it  was  indiscreet,  I  am  willing  to  admit,  and  I 
heartily  wish  I  had  let  them  alone.  Yet  I  am  very  sure  that  a 
great  part  of  the  public  interest  excited  by  the  Spy,  is  imputable 
to  those  portraits  of  prominent  characters.  For  my  own  part,  I 
declare  sincerely,  that  when  I  shall  have  readied  that  age  in 
which  I  may  be  supposed  to  have  touched  the  zenith  of  my  mind, 
I  should  be  so  far  from  being  displeased,  that  I  should  be  gratified 
in  seeing  my  intellectual  portrait  set  in  a  popular  work. 

*,^  ^  ^u,  ^i,  .^  ^ 

•TF  "Tf-  Tl-  TP  Tt-  Tl- 

It  was  alleged,  by  a  writer  in  the  Examiner,  under  the  signa- 
ture of  Cato,  that,  "  in  a  professional  point  of  view,  the  Spy  was 
ungenerous,  because  it  was  an  attempt  in  the  author  to  degrade 
the  talents  of  competitors  whom  he  ought  to  have  met  only  on 
equal  terms." 

Now,  the  fact  is,  that  they  are  no  competitors  of  mine.  I  do 
not  practise  in  the  same  court  with  any  of  them,  and  whether 
they  are  deified  or  damned,  my  revenue  will  be  the  same.     How, 


116  A    CRITICISM.  [1S03— 1S04. 


then,  is  my  interest  involved  in  tlie  affair;  even  if  I  were  capable 
of  being  influenced,  in  such  a  case,  by  so  sordid  a  principle  ? 

I  cannot  help  being  surprised  at  what  you  tell  me  relative  to 
the  opinion  of  my  political  apostasy.  I  am  not,  indeed,  surprised 
that  such  an  opinion  should  exist;  for,  after  the  dereliction  of 

B ,  almost  any  suspicions  of  this  nature,  about  any  hody^  are 

pardonable.  But  what  /  am  surprised  at  is,  that  any  man,  how- 
ever "  young,"  who  deserves  to  be  "  highly  esteemed  for  intel- 
lect," should  believe  the  British  Spy  to  contain  evidence  of  my 
apostasy. 

For  the  purpose  of  personal  concealment,  as  well  as  for  the 
purpose  of  keeping  alive  the  public  curiosity,  it  was  my  business 
to  maintain  the  character  which  I  had  assumed,  and  therefore  the 
sentiments  of  the  Spy  are  those  of  a  Briton.  Would  it  not  have 
been  absurd  to  clothe  a  Briton  with  the  opinions  and  feelings  of  a 
Virginian  and  a  Republican? 

*  #  #  *  *  *  * 

I  am  glad  that  you,  yourself,  have  viewed  this  subject  in  a 
proper  light.  No,  my  dear  Dabney,  I  am  not  changed.  If  I 
were  basely  disposed  to  apostatise,  I  should  at  least  have  more 
cunning  than  to  choose  this  time  for  it,  when  the  refulgence  of  the 
administration  has  struck  its  enemies  blind  and  dumb.  Those 
who  suppose  me  an  apostate,  pay  as  poor  a  compliment  to  my 
understanding,  as  they  do  to  the  rectitude  of  my  heart.  But  I 
am  not  angry  with  them  for  it;  since,  from  what  Amerca  has  ex- 
hibited in  some  of  her  leading  characters,  each  man  in  the  com- 
munity has  a  right  to  exclaim  with  Cato,  "  the  world  has  grown 
so  wicked,  that  I  am  surprised  at  nothing." 

Your  remarks  on  the  Spy,  as  a  writer,  are,  I  think,  rather  the 
sentiments  of  a  friend,  than  the  opinions  of  a  critic.  Let  me  give 
3'ou  my  opinion  of  those  letters.  Putting  aside  the  traits  by 
which  the  author  sustains  his  dramatic  character,  his  sentiments 
are  generally  just,  and  sometimes  display  the  man  of  feeling. 
But  his  disquisitions  are  too  desultory,  and  the  topics  too  lightly 
touched  to  contain  much  of  the  useful.  The  letters  bespeak  a  mind 
rather  frolicksome  and  sprightly,  than  thoughtful  and  penetrating  ; 
and  therefore  a  mind  qualified  to  amuse,  for  the  moment,  but  not 
to  benefit  either  its  proprietor  or  the  world,  by  the  depth  and 
utility  of  its  researches.     The  style,  although  sometimes  happy, 


CHAP.  IX.] 


A    CRITICISM.  117 


is  sometimes,  also,  careless  and  poor ;  and,  still  more  frequently, 
overloaded  with  epithets ;  and  its  inequality  proves  either  that  the 
author  wanted  time  or  industry  or  taste  to  give  it,  throughout,  a 
more  even  tenor.  Yet  these  letters  are  certainly  superior  to  the 
trash  with  which  we  are  so  frequently  gorged  through  the  medium 
of  the  press. 

Such  is  the  character  which,  if  I  were  a  critical  reviewer, 
and  were  reviewing  this  work,  I  should  certainly  give  of  it ;  and 
yet,  I  cannot  but  confess  that  if  a  critic  of  reputation  were  to 
draw  such  a  character,  I  should  be  as  much  mortified  as  if  it 
were  unjust.  Strange,  inconsistent  creature  is  man  !  But  enough 
of  the  Spy, — except  that  I  will  tell  you  I  was  very  near  drawing 
the  character  of  "  the  Honorable  Thomas"  in  it.  I  had  the  out- 
lines fixed  in  my  mind,  but  I  found,  on  the  experiment,  that  in 
finishing  up  the  portrait,  I  should  be  obliged,  either  to  sacrifice 
the  unity  of  my  assumed  character,  or  to  dilute  some  of  the  colors 
in  the  most  unpardonable  manner.  I  had  another  consideration. 
He  was  the  President,  with  a  considerable  train  of  patronage; 
and,  by  the  time  which  I  had  fixed  for  the  insertion  of  his  portrait, 
I  had  begun  to  be  suspected  as  the  author  of  the  Spy.  I  knew, 
therefore,  that  political  malignity  and  meanness  would  ascribe  the 
sketch  to  motives  which  I  disdain.  On  all  which  accounts,  citizen 
Thomas  has  escaped  being  butchered  by  my  partiality  for  him. 

You  are  beginning,  by  this  time,  to  accuse  me  of  egotism ;  but, 
between  friends,  there  is  no  such  thing ;  for,  friends  are  one  and 
indivisible.  Besides,  I  have  said  nothing  more  than  what  I 
thought  necessary  to  vindicate  myself  against  aspersions  Avhich  you 
have,  no  doubt,  read,  and  which,  perhaps,  form  a  part  of  that  tor- 
rent of  abuse  which  has  been,  and  still  is,  pouring  out  against  me. 

Little  did  I  dream  of  such  serious  consequences  from  what, 
to  me,  seemed  an  innocent  sport ;  much  less  did  I  dream  that  those 
trifles  w^ould  have  survived  the  newspaper  ephemera?  of  the  day ; 
and  least  of  all,  that  they  would  have  been  perpetuated  and  ex- 
tended by  a  second  edition  of  the  pamphlet.  O  tempora ! 
****** 

Excuse  my  brevitxj,  and  believe  me 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


118  LETTER    TO    CARR.  [1803—1804. 

TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Norfolk,  June  8,  1804. 
•  ##**** 

You  will  acquit  me  of  the  poor  vanity  of  boasting  of  the  pres- 
sure of  business.     In  the  Borough  of  Norfolk  every  drone  feels 
the  pressure  of  business.     This  pressure  often,  too,  depends  less 
on  the  quantum  of  business  than  on  the  strength  and   dexterity  of 
the  agent.     If  I  had  given  more  of  my  time  to  the  books  and 
praclice  of  my  profession,  I  should  have  less  investigation  and  toil 
to  undergo  now,  but  I  used  to  think  it  enough  to  have  a  tolerable 
understanding  of  that  kind  of  business  which  usually  occurred  in 
the  middle  country.     I  had  not  the  noble  and  generous  emulation 
which  should  have  incited  me  to  master  the  science  of  law  in  all 
its  departments.    The  consequence  is,  that  being  transplanted  to  the 
shores  of  the  Atlantic,  where  the  questions  grow  almost  entirely 
out  of  commerce,  I  have  fallen  into  a  business  totally  new  to  me, 
and  every  case  calls  for  elaborate  examination.     But  I  deserve  the 
addition  of  this  labor,  and  willingly  do  penance  for  my  past  idle- 
ness.    The  principal  inconvenience  resulting  from  it  is,  that  I  have 
no  time  left  for  reading ;  and  now,  most  perversely,  because  it  is 
impracticable,  I  am  stung  with  a  restless  passion  for  the  acquire- 
ment of  science.     In  this  dilemma  I  have  no  refuge  or  consolation, 
except  in  very  distant  prospect.     I  look  on,  perhaps  wdth  fond  de- 
lusion, to  the  time  when  I  shall  be  able  to  retreat  from  the  toil  of 
business;  when,  in  the  bosom  of  my  own  family,  I  shall  find  the 
joys  of  ease,  independence  and  domestic  bliss — become  a  very 
epicure  in  literary  luxuries,  and  perhaps  raise  some  monument  to 
my  name  to  which  my  posterity,  at  least,  may  look  with  pleasure. 
I  grant  it,  sir — it  is  extremely  visionary — it  most  probably  never 
will  come  to  pass — but  possibly  it  may,  and  the  possibility,  remote 
as  it  is,  reflects  a  cheering  ray  to  gild  the  darkness  of  the  present 
moment.     Not,  indeed,  that  the  present  moment  is  as  dark  as 
Egypt  once  was.    It  is  true  that  I  have  yet  to  struggle  into  notice ; 
I  have  yet  a  fortune  to  make,  a  family  to  provide  for — a  family 
who,  if  my  life  were  terminated  in  any  short  time,  w'ould  be  thrown 
on  the  charity  of  the  world.     It  is  this  reflection  that  wraps  my 
soul  in  gloom,  and  the  horror  is  deepened  when  I  consider  the 


CHAP.  IX.]  RELIGIOUS    REFLECTIONS.  119 

climate  of  Norfolk,  and  remember  that  I  am  yet  a  stranger  to  it. 

To  think  of  this,  and  tlien  to  look  upon  my  wife  and  child ! 

But  "  Away  with  melancholy  " — for 

"There's  a  sweet  little  cherub  sits  smiling  aloft. 
To  keep  watch  for  the  life  of  poor " 

me. Jlllons ! 


You  have  made,  sir,  in  your  letter  of  the  29th  of  February,  a 
rhapsody  on  life,  and  love,  and  friendship,  which  is  exquisitely 
beautiful  and  just.  How^  grateful  are  such  effusions,  how  grateful 
to  my  mind  and  to  my  heart !  They  make  me  proud  of  your 
friendship.  My  dear  C,  it  is  at  such  moments  that  my  soul  flies 
out  to  meet  yours,  and  as  they  commingle,  I  feel  myself  exalted 
and  refined.  Can  mere  matter  be  excited  to  ecstacies  so  pure 
and  celestial  as  these  ?  Or  is  there  not,  indeed,  "  a  divinity 
that  stirs  williin  us .'"'  I  hope,  I  wish,  I  clieerfully  believe  that  I 
have  a  soul,  for  then  I  think  myself  more  worthy  of  your  friend- 
ship. I  should  feel  humiliated  and  mortified  if  I  could  imagine 
the  friendship,  the  warm,  the  generous  emotions  of  a  heart  and 
mind  like  yours,  lavished  on  a  perishable  mass  of  matter,  and  I 
would  not,  if  I  could  help  it,  be  in  any  thing  unw^orlhy  of  your 
friendship. 

Now,  do  not  puzzle  yourself  and  me,  too,  on  this  subject  of  the 
soul,  by  a  subtle  disquisition  concerning  the  highest  point  of  per- 
fectibility to  which  matter  may  be  organized ;  by  weighing  and 
balancing  the  probabilities  of  dilferent  opinions,  as  we  were  wont 
to  do,  in  the  scales  of  human  reason.  I  am  persuaded  that  there 
is  a  range  of  subjects  above  the  reach  of  human  reason ;  sub- 
jects on  which  reason  cannot  decide,  because  "  it  cannot  com- 
mand a  view  of  the  whole  ground."  Could  the  tick,  which 
invades  and  buries  itself  in  my  foot,  conceive  or  describe  the 
anatomy  of  my  frame  .''  Could  the  man  who  has  passed  every  mo- 
ment of  his  life  at  the  foot  of  the  Andes,  paint  the  prospect  which 
is  to  be  seen  from  its  summit.^  No  more,  in  my  opinion,  can 
reason  discuss  the  being  of  a  God,  or  the  reality  of  that  miracle, 
the  Christian  faith.  If  you  ask  me  why  I  believe  in  the  one  or 
the  other,  I  can  refer  you  to  no  evidence  which  you  can  examine, 
because  I  must  refer  you  to  my  own  feelings.  I  cannot,  for  in- 
siauce,  look  abroad  on  the  landscape  of  spring,  wander  among 


120  REASON    AND    FAITH.  [1S03— 1804. 

blooming  orchards  and  gardens,  and  respire  the  fragrance  which 
they  exhale,  without  feeling  the  existence  of  a  God :  my  heart 
involuntarily  dilates  itself,  and,  before  I  am  aware  of  it,  grati- 
tude and  adoration  burst  from  my  lips.  If  you  ask  me  why  these 
objects  have  never  produced  this  effect  before,  I  answer  that  I 
cannot  tell  you.  Perhaps  my  nature  has  grown  more  susceptible  ; 
perhaps  I  have  learned  to  rely  less  on  the  arbitrations  of  human 
reason;  perhaps  I  have  gotten  over  the  vanity  of  displaying  the 
elevation  and  perspicuity  of  intellect  on  which  the  youthful  deist 
is  apt  to  plume  himself  Whatever  may  be  the  cause,  I  thank  it 
for  leading  me  from  the  dreary  and  sterile  waste  of  infidelity.  I 
am  happy  in  my  present  impressions,  and  had  rather  sit  alone,  in 
Arabia  Felix,  than  wander  over  the  barren  sands  of  the  desert,  in 
company  with  Bolingbroke  and  Voltaire, 

Reason,  my  dear  friend,  in  its  proper  sphere,  is  the  best,  and 
ought  to  be  the  only  guide  of  our  actions ;  but  let  it  keep  within 
its  proper  sphere,  and  confine  its  operations  to  its  proper  subjects. 
I  admire  its  powers,  I  admire  its  beauties.  I  also  admire  the  powers 
of  the  chemist,  and  the  beauty  of  his  science  :  yet,  notwithstand- 
ing the  astonishing  developement  which  the  chemist  makes  of  the 
secrets  of  nature,  however  his  experiments  may  break  up  long- 
established  principles,  decompose  bodies  which  for  centuries  have 
been  deemed  simple  primitive  elements,  and  prove  them  to  be 
combinations, — re-decompose  the  ingredients  of  that  combination, 
and  detect  them,  in  their  turn,  to  be  compositions  ;  in  short,  how- 
ever far  the  chemist  may  push  his  discoveries,  his  labors  must 
still  be  confined  to  matter ;  he  cannot  analyze  thought.  But 
thought  is  not  more  different  from  or  more  superior  to  matter, 
than  God  is  to  that  class  of  subjects  which  constitute  the  theatre 
of  reason.  Reason  is  not,  therefore,  the  proper  channel  of  con- 
viction, in  matters  so  far  above  its  reach.  That  conviction  can  be 
given,  in  my  opinion,  only  through  the  channel  of  sensibility  :  this 
is  another  name  for  what  Soame  Jennyngs  calls  the  internal  evi- 
dence of  the  Christian  faith,  and  what  is  generally  well  understood 
by  the  intrinsic  evidence  of  revealed  religion. 

But  enough  of  a  subject  on  which  I  should  not  be  at  all  aston- 
ished if,  already,  you  think  and  pronounce  me  mad.  When 
you  are  as  old  as  I  amy  you  may  thus  grow  mad  in  your  turn  ;  for, 


CHAP.  IX.]  THE    BRITISH    SPY.  121 

be  it  remembered,  that  ichen  I  was  as  young  as  you  are^  I  was  as 
wise  as  you  are,  on  this  subject. 

Do  not  suspect,  however,  that  I  am  a  downright  bedlamite,  nor 
even  an  enthusiast.  My  sentiments,  on  this  subject,  are  calm  and 
temperate  ;  they  fill  me  with  no  horrors  for  the  past,  nor  agonizing 
terrors  for  the  future.  I  cherish  them  because  they  are  a  source 
of  pure  enjoyment  to  me,  because  they  render  me  more  happy  in 
every  relation  of  life,  and  more  respectable  in  my  own  eyes  ;  nor 
would  they  even  have  led  me  to  annoy  you  with  this  declaration 
of  them,  if  you  had  not  demanded  an  explanation  of  some  passages 
in  the  Spy. 

As  to  the  Spy,  let  me  tell  you  that  your  favorable  opinion  of  it 
gi'atifies  me  very  highly,  for  I  know  your  judgment  and  your  can- 
dor ;  but  let  me,  also,  tell  you,  that  after  you  had  listened  to  the 
voice  of  your  friendship,  and  gratified  me,  too,  with  the  sound  of 
it,  I  looked  that  you  should  have  put  off  everything  like  partiality, 
assumed  the  rigid  critic  and  censor  of  the  world,  and  have  told  me 
the  faults  of  those  compositions.  I  know  that  some  speculative 
moralists  have  said  and  written  that  a  man  cannot  bear  to  hear  his 
faults  told,  even  by  his  friend.  It  is  said,  too,  that  authors  are 
particularly  ticklish  about  the  offspring  of  their  brain.  This  may 
be  true  :  but  I  am  sure  that  I  could  hear  my  faults  from  you,  and 
mend  upon  it.  Some  of  the  faults  of  the  Spy  I  know  and  was 
conscious  of  when  they  were  sent  to  the  press ;  such  as  the  re- 
dundance of  words,  and  the  comparatively  small  bulk  of  the 
matter.  Next  to  the  exuberance  of  verbiage  and  the  want  of 
matter,  is  the  levity,  desultoriness,  and  sometimes  commonness  of 
the  thoughts  which  are  expressed.  Upofi  the  whole,  the  work  is 
too  tumid  and  too  light ;  yet  these,  perhaps,  are  the  very  proper- 
ties which  gave  it  the  degree  of  admiration  which  it  excited  ;  for 
the  essay  on  the  liberty  of  the  press,  the  work  of  Hortensius, 
which  came  out  at  the  same  time  in  the  same  paper,  had  not,  as 
far  as  I  have  learned,  one  half  of  its  popularity. 

I  have  a  notion,  entre  nous^  of  making  another  experiment  of 
the  public  taste,  this  summer ;  for  I  shall  be  driven  from  this 
place,  for  a  summer  or  two,  by  the  yellow  fever,  and  I  had  better 
be  doing  anything  than  to  be  idle.  I  shall  sometimes  get  tired  of 
reading,  and  composition  will  then  diversify  my  employments  very 
agreeably.     Wliat  say  you  }     My  friend  Tazewell,  here,  does  not 

VOL.  1  —  11 


122  THE   BRITISH    SPY.  [180S— 18(M. 

approve  of  such  engagements.  He  says  that  it  gives  a  man  a 
light  and  idle  appearance,  in  the  eye  of  the  world,  and  might, 
therefore,  injure  me  in  my  profession.  If  you  concur  in  this 
opinion,  I  shall  renounce  the  project ;  otherwise,  I  shall  incline  to 
make  another  exhibition, — but  of  what  nature  I  have  not  yet  deter- 
mined. Certainly  I  shall  write  no  more  Spies ;  "  too  much 
pudding,"  &c. 

I  have  been  reading,  Johnson's  Lives  of  poets  and  famous  men, 
till  I  have  contracted  an  itch  for  biography ;  do  not  be  astonished 
therefore,  if  you  see  me  come  out,  with  a  very  material  and 
splendid  life  of  some  departed  Virginian  worthy, — for  I  meddle  no 
more  with  the  living.  Virginia  has  lost  some  great  men,  whose 
names  ought  not  to  perish.  If  I  were  a  Plutarch,  I  would  collect 
their  lives  for  the  honor  of  the  State  and  the  advantage  of 
posterity. 

George  Tucker,  of  Richmond,  wrote  the  Enquirer.*  I  concur 
with  you  in  the  opinion  that  he  has  the  advantage  of  the  Spy. 
He  had  a  more  intimate  acquaintance  with  the  subject ;  his  style 
is  more  chaste  and  equal,  and  his  compositions  have  much  more 
of  the  philosopher  and  author. 

Let  me  tell  you  that  the  Spy  never  read  a  page  in  Buffon  in  his 
life,  nor  knew  any  more  of  his  theory  than  what  he  one  day  heard 
Charles  Meriwether  mention,  in  a  very  short  conversation.  Of 
the  Abbe  Raynal's'  West  Indies,  he  once  read  a  few  pages,  as  he 
rode  from  Albemarle  to  Orange  court.  This  was  all  the  acquired 
information  that  he  had  on  the  subject, — so  that  the  match  was 
very  unequal. 

The  speculation  in  the  second  letter  was  a  mere  crude  adven- 
ture, leading  to  some  singular  and  whimsical  consequences,  and  it 
was  thought  likely,  therefore,  to  please  by  its  novelty ;  but  the 
calculation  was  a  false  one, — for,  unphilosophical  as  it  was,  it  was 
too  philosophical  for  newspaper  readers.  It  was,  therefore,  no 
favorite,  and  rather  sunk  the  character  of  the  Spy  than  raised  it 
****** 

The  Spy  did  write,  as  you  were  informed,  the  pieces  signed 
Martinus  Scriblerus;  they  were  partly  in  imitation  of  Pope  and 

*  Some  articles  under  this  signature  were  published  in  the  papers,  at  Richmorid, 
during  the  publication  of  the  Spy.  They  were  designed  to  controvert  some  of  the 
geological  arguments  presented  in  that  work. 


CHAP.  IX.]  AN    OLD    FRIEND.  123 

Go's  criticisms  imputed  to  their  hero  of  the  same  name.  The 
originals,  of  which  you  say  you  would  demand  the  sight,  were  sent 
to  the  press ;  nor  is  there  any  vestige  of  them,  either  printed  or 
written,  in  possession  of  the  Spy.  'Tis  no  matter,  they  answered 
their  purpose  of  amusing  for  the  moment,  and  now  let  them  rest  in 

peace. 

******* 

I  hear  very  often,  that  you  are  growing  fast  in  your  profession. 
How  would  it  glad  my  heart  to  live  till  you  touch  the  acme  of 
forensic  glory,  to  touch  it  with  you,  too, — and,  as  Peachy  would 
add,  hang  with  you  there — like  two  thieves  under  a  gallows.  How 
is  that  vagabond  P.  coming  forward.''  Does  he  erect  his  chest  in  the 
front  bar?  Does  he  spout  and  thunder  like  the  cataract  of  Niagara, 
or  does  he  roar  them,  "  an  it  were  any  sucking  dove  i*"  If  he  does 
not  do  all  these  things  by  turns,  I  disinherit  and  anathematise  him 
from  the  crown  of  his  head  to  the  sole  of  his  foot.  I  owe  the 
rascal  a  letter  or  two,  and  I  will  pay  him  shortly,  making  up  in 
quantity,  what  I  want  in  number  and  quality.  In  the  meantime 
give  my  love  to  him. 

Heaven  bless  and  preserve  you, 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CHAPTER    X. 

1804  —  5. 

SUCCESS    AT    NORFOLK PROJECT   OF   A    BIOGRAPHICAL    WORK.  —  PATRICK 

HENRY ST.    GEORGE    TUCKER.  —  LETTER     TO     THIS     GENTLEMAN THE 

RAINBOW.  —  LETTER  TO   EDWARDS. 

From  the  date  of  his  establishment  in  Norfolk  in  the  winter  of 
1803-4,  we  may  compute  Wirt's  rapid  advance  to  eminence 
in  his  profession.  He  was  here  brought  into  a  new  sphere  of 
legal  study.  The  commercial  and  maritime  law,  to  which  he  was 
in  a  great  degree  a  stranger,  now  became  the  familiar  subjects  of 
his  attention.  As  we  have  seen  in  the  letters  written  at  this  period, 
he  was  totally  unused  to  the  topics,  manners,  wants  and  concerns 
which  predominate  in  the  society,  and  especially  in  the  business 
circles,  of  an  active  trading  seaport.  To  master  the  first  difficul- 
ties of  such  a  position,  and  to  win  the  reputation  which  his 
ambition  coveted,  exacted  from  him  great  labor  and  study.  He 
had  friends  around  him  to  cheer  his  hopes  and  stimulate  his  effi)rt3 
to  the  task ;  but  these  friends  were  also  the  competitors  of  his 
forensic  struggles,  men  of  established  renown,  and  justly  reputed 
for  brilliant  talents  as  well  as  professional  accomplishment ;  and 
it  may  be  regarded  as  no  doubtful  praise  of  the  new  associate  in 
this  fraternity,  to  say  that  he  speedily  earned  and  sustained,  in  the 
public  estimation,  a  fair  and  acknowledged  title  to  a  place  on  the 
same  platform  which  they  occupied. 

Whatever  may  be  said  to  the  disadvantage  of  the  law  as  a  pro- 
fession ;  notwithstanding  all  that  is  truly  and  untruly  imputed  to  it, 
in  the  way  of  derogation,  by  popular  satire  and  by  vulgar  jest,  it 
is  characterized  by  one  condition,  in  which  it  has  the  advantage 
of  nearly  all  other  business  pursuits ;  that  eminence  in  it  is  always 
a  test  of  talent  and  acquirement.  Whilst  in  other  professions, 
quackery  and  imposition  may  often  succeed  to  elevate  the  pro- 
fessor in  popular  esteem,  the  lawyer  gains  no  foothold  at  the  bar, 
nor  with  the  public,  which  he  has  not  fairly  won.     A  grave  and 


CHAP.  X]  SUCCESS    AT    NORFOLK.  125 

austere  bench  is  a  perilous  foe  to  the  make-believe  trickery  of  an 
unprepared  or  ignorant  advocate :  the  surrounding  bar,  too,  is  not 
to  be  put  otf  with  sham  seemings  contrived  as  a  substitute  for 
skill.  The  first  is  characteristically  noted  for  its  impatience  under 
the  inflictions  of  those  who  bring  less  learning  than  pretension 
to  their  task  ;  and  the  last  is  quite  as  much  signalized  for  the 
comic  relish  with  wiiich  it  hunts  such  game  into  its  coverts. 
Forensic  life  is,  in  great  part,  life  in  the  noon-day,  in  presence  of 
sharp-sighted  observers  and  not  the  most  indulgent  of  critics.  It 
has  always  two  sides,  whereof  one  is  a  sentinel  upon  the  other; 
and  a  blunder,  a  slip  or  a  slovenly  neglect  of  the  matter  in  hand, 
never  escapes  without  its  proper  comment.  Dulness  is  sure  to  be 
stamped  or  patented  with  such  sufficient  publication,  as  to  go  ever 
unquestioned  upon  its  settled  and  intrinsic  demerit.  The  line 
between  good  fellowship  and  professional  standing  is  so  broadly 
drawn  that  one  never  interferes  with  the  other.  The  best  social 
quality  in  the  world  affords  no  help  to  the  lack  of  skill  before 
court  or  jury.  Each  stands  on  its  own  foundation,  detached  and 
independent ;  so  that  a  man  may  be  the  worst  pleader  and  advo- 
cate, and  the  most  beloved  of  social  friends  at  the  bar,  winning  all 
private  esteem,  but  finding  no  cover  or  concealment  for  his  profes- 
sional raggedness.  The  public  opinion  of  the  merits  of  a  lawyer, 
is  but  the  winnowed  and  sifted  judgment  which  reaches  the  world 
through  the  bar,  and  is,  therefore,  made  up  after  severe  ordeal  and 
upon  standard  proof. 

The  success  of  the  British  Spy,  which  had  now  reached  per- 
haps a  third  or  fourth  edition,  and  the  reputation  which  it  brought 
the  author,  were  too  flattering  to  allow  him  to  abandon  the  path 
of  literature,  even  under  all  the  provocations  to  do  so  which  the 
engrossment  of  his  profession  supplied.  No  man  ever  wrote  a 
successful  book  without  contemplating  another.  The  frequent 
echo  of  one's  name  as  a  popular  author,  and  the  agreeable  fillip  to 
personal  vanity  which  is  given  by  the  notice  of  the  press,  magni- 
fying into  matter  of  public  importance  the  conceits  of  one's  brain 
and  rendering  his  thoughts  a  commodity  in  the  market — these  things 
are  not  unrelished  or  forgotten  by  the  modest  craft, — but  straight- 
way set  the  wits  again  at  work  to  redouble  the  echo  and  its  ac- 
companiments. In  the  letters  of  the  Spy,  the  sketches  of  personal 
character  connected  with  the  notice  of  distinguished  living  persons, 

VOL.    1  —  11* 


126  LIFE   OF    PATRICK   HENRY.  [1804—1805. 

had  formed  one  of  the  most  popular  attractions  of  the  book,  and 
the  author  was  said  to  have  been  very  happy  in  these  delineations. 
Whilst  many  admired  the  portraits,  others,  as  we  have  seen,  were 
offended  by  them ;  and  in  the  collision  of  opinion  between  these 
two  classes  of  readers,  it  was  very  evident  that  the  'popularity  of 
the  book  was  much  promoted.  His  success  in  these  sketches, 
most  probably,  turned  his  thoughts  towards  a  plan  which  he  now 
meditated  of  writing  the  history  of  the  eminent  men  of  Virginia. 
Many  of  those,  most  distinguished  amongst  the  soldiers  and  ci- 
vilians of  the  Revolution,  were  as  yet  unchronicled  upon  any  page 
adapted  to  preserve  the  distinct  record  of  their  deeds.  The  time 
seemed  to  be  favorable  to  the  performance  of  this  duty.  To  say 
nothing  of  Washington, — whose  kistory,  as  more  properly  be- 
longing to  the  nation,  was  perhaps  not  included  in  this  scheme, — 
Patrick  Henry,  Edmund  Pendleton,  Richard  Henry  Lee,  and  many 
others,  whose  names  have  shed  lustre  upon  the  State,  were,  at 
this  date,  numbered  with  the  dead;  but  the  incidents  of  their  lives 
were  fresh  in  the  public  memory,  and  capable  of  being  authenti- 
cated by  sure  testimony.  An  equitable  public  judgment,  undis- 
turbed by  the  prejudices  which  surround  living  men,  might  be  ex- 
pected to  await  the  perusal  of  their  biographies  and  to  do  justice 
to  their  fame.  Neither  too  soon  for  this  judgment,  nor  too  late  to 
collect  the  veritable  materials  for  the  work,  this  was  the  proper 
time  to  essay  the  task  of  a  faithful  portraiture.  It  belonged  to 
this  generation;  and  Wirt  supposed  he  might  assume  the  per- 
formance of  this  duty,  with  some  certainty  of  its  favorable  accep- 
tance by  the  public,  as  the  offering  of  one  who  had  already  estab- 
lished his  title  to  their  good  opinion  by  what  he  had  written. 
It  would  have  been  both  a  grateful  and  a  graceful  tribute  from  an 
adopted  son  of  the  State,  who  had  been  honored  by  so  many 
proofs  of  the  cordial  esteem  and  substantial  friendship  of  the  com- 
munity in  which  he  lived. 

In  the  partial  accomplishment  of  his  purpose  he  directed  his 
first  attention  to  Patrick  Henry.  It  is  to  this  endeavor  we  owe  the 
publication  of  the  biography  which  we  shall  hereafter  have  oc- 
casion to  notice.  The  fulfilment  of  the  entire  original  design  was 
interrupted  by  the  engagements  of  professional  life,  and  the  biog- 
raphy of  Henry  is,  consequently,  all  that  was  achieved  of  a  scheme 
which  embraced  a  wide  field  of  various  and  useful  research. 


CHAP.  X.]  ST.    GEORGE   TUCKER.  127 

Amongst  the  most  cherished  of  Wirt's  associates,  at  this  time, 
was  St.  George  Tucker,  then  the  President  Judge  of  the  Court  of 
Appeals  of  Virginia.  This  gentleman,  whose  fame  is  most  honor- 
ably associated  with  the  national  jurisprudence,  had  held  the  post 
of  Professor  of  Law,  at  William  and  Mary,  where  Wirt,  during 
his  residence  at  Williamsburg,  with  other  members  of  the  bar, 
was  an  occasional  attendant  upon  his  lectures.  The  Judge  was 
distinguished  for  his  scholastic  acquirements,  his  taste  and  wit,  and 
was  greatly  endeared  to  the  society  of  his  friends,  by  a  warm- 
hearted, impulsive  nature  which  gave  a  peculiar  strength  to  his 
attachments.  Though  some  ten  years  the  senior  of  Wirt,  the  in- 
tercourse between  them  was  that  of  the  most  familiar  friendship, 
and  was  enlivened  by  a  frequent  interchange  of  those  sallies  of 
humor  and  good  fellowship  which  belong  to  the  intimacies  of  men 
of  equal  age  and  kindred  tastes.* 

The  following  letter  illustrates  this  intimacy,  whilst  it  touches 
upon  the  subject  of  the  contemplated  biographies.  The  allusion 
to  "  The  Rainbow  "  requires  an  explanation. 

In  the  year  1804,  Wirt  had  associated  with  a  few  friends  in  a 
scheme  to  publish  a  series  of  familiar  didatic  essays  under  the  title 
of  The  Rainbow.  This  scheme  was  no  farther  carried  into  effect 
than  the  publication  of  ten  numbers  in  the  Richmond  Enquirer, 
between  August  and  October  of  that  year,  when  it  was  abandoned. 
These  essays  were  subsequently  collected  into  a  thin  octavo,  and 
in  that  guise,  seem  to  have  fallen  into  oblivion.  So  far  as  Wirt 
participated  in  them,  they  appear  to  have  been  rather  the  prac- 
tisings  of  an  artist  pursuing  his  studies,  than  a  work  he  would 
choose  to  acknowledge  as  the  product  of  his  mature  labor. 

•  The  Judge  was  a  native  of  Bermuda.  Having  emigrated  to  Virginia  in  his 
youth,  he  completed  his  education  at  William  and  Mary  College.  He  entered  the 
Judiciary  of  the  State  as  a  Judge  of  the  General  Court,  and  was  promoted  to  the 
Court  of  Appeals,  of  which  he  became  the  President.  Resigning  this  post  in  1811, 
he  was  soon  afterwards  brought  into  the  Federal  Judiciary,  as  a  Judge  of  the 
United  States  District  Court  in  Eastern  Virginia,  which  appointment  he  held  until 
hia  death. 


128  LETTER   TO   JUDGE   TUCKER.  [1804— 1S05. 


TO    JUDGE   TUCKER. 

Norfolk,  January  31,  1805. 
Dear  Sir: 

I  have  never,  until  now,  had  it  in  my  power  to  acknowledge 
your  favor  of  the  23d  instant.  It  is  full  to  the  purpose  of  my 
request,  and  I  thank  you  for  it  most  sincerely  and  cordially. 

As  you  seem  to  think  there  are  reasons  why  it  should  not  be 
shown,  I  promise  you  that  it  shall  not ;  yet  you  "  kiss  the  rod  " 
with  so  much  humility  and  devotion,  that  I  cannot  think  their  high 
mightinesses  themselves,  would  be  otherwise  than  gratified  by  its 
perusal. 

I  am  somewhat  relieved  by  your  inquiry,  whether  received 
the  letter  and  packet  by  Mrs.  Banister,  for,  be  it  known  to  you, 
in  two  or  three  days  after  I  did  receive  that  communication,  I 
had  read  all  the  pamphlets  but  one,  and  while  my  mind  was  yet 
warm  with  the  gratification  which  I  had  derived  from  them,  I  sat 
down  and  wrote  you  a  very  long  letter,  and  a  very  free  one, — so 
very  free,  that  from  my  hearing  no  more  from  you,  in  reply  to  one 
or  two  little  requests  which  it  contained,  I  was  afraid  that  I  might 
have  been  too  unceremonious  with  you.  I  was  hesitating  whether 
I  should  not  sit  down  and  deprecate  your  wrath ;  but  as  ofi'ences 
proceed  only  from  the  heart,  and  as  none,  I  was  very  sure,  had 
proceeded  from  mine,  I  thought  it  syllogistically  demonstrable  that 
no  offence  had  been  given.  And  yet  that  you  should  not,  in  so 
long  a  time,  say  one  syllable  in  reply  to  a  proposition  connected 
with  literature,  was  so  irreconcilable  Avith  your  politeness,  your 
goodness,  and  your  passion  for  letters,  that  I  began  to  suspect  I 
had  satisfied  myself  with  a  sophism  instead  of  a  demonstration  on 
the  subject  of  offences ;  and,  though  my  syllogism  might  prove 
that  no  offence  had  been  given,  yet  it  did  not  prove  that  none  had 
been  taken;  and  so  "  note  the  difference," — for  what  is  taken,  is  not 
always  given,  or  else  Hounslow  heath  and  the  Louvre  would  be 
less  distinguished  than  they  are.  Yet,  taking  offence  is  so  different 
a  thing  from  taking  a  purse  or  a  Venus  de  Medicis,  the  prize  and 
the  gratification  so  infinitely  inferior,  that  I  cannot  believe  there  is 
much  illustration,  conviction  or  wit  in  the  parallel,  and  so — adieu 
to  it. 


CHAP.  X.]  MATERIALS    FOR    A    LIFE    OF   HENRY.  129 

But  to  my  letter.     It  contained  a  very  grateful  and  sincere  ac- 
knowledgment for  your  interesting    present  by   Mrs.   B ;  a 

declaration  of  the  pleasure  and  information  which  I  had  derived 
from  the  perusal  of  the  pamphlets,  particularly  that  in  relation  to 
Louisiana,  an  expression  of  my  surprise  that  tiie  public  should  dis- 
cover such  a  gusto  for  the  froth,  and  frippery,  and  harlotry  of 
8ome  compositions,  while  they  neglected  the  clear  and  masculine 
views  which  you  invariably  give  of  your  subjects. 

♦  ♦**** 

My  letter  proceeded  to  condemn  the  modesty  with  which  you 
had  spoken  of  Williamsburg,  in  one  of  your  letters  to  that  sinner 
Morse,  and  insisted  that  much  more  might  have  been  said,  and 
truly  said,  of  the  natural  and  adventitious  beauties  of  the  scene, 
the  science,  elegance,  harmony  and  affection  of  the  society.  It 
went  on  to  congratulate  you  and  Judge  Nelson,  (and  there  was  a 
spice  of  envy  in  the  congratulation,)  on  the  Arcadian  times  which 
you  were  enjoying,  and  to  express  my  suspicion  that,  between 
two  such  ardent  and  importunate  wooers,  their  ladyships,  the 
muses,  had  very  little  time  for  sleep. 

It  referred  to  an  anecdote  which  I  heard  Judge  Nelson  tell  of 
Patrick  Henry's  fondness  for  Livy,  and  begged  the  favor  of  you 
to  prevail  for  me,  with  his  honor,  to  give  me  that  anecdote  circum- 
stantially and  critically. 

It  begged  another  favor  of  you;  and  that  was,  as  you  had  fre- 
quently heard  P.  H.,  I  had  no  doubt,  in  conversation  and  debate, 
judicial  and  political,  to  do  me  the  kindness,  at  some  moment  of  per- 
fect ease  and  leisure,  to  sketch,  as  minutely  as  you  could,  even  to 
the  color  of  his  eyes,  a  portrait  of  his  person,  attitudes,  gestures, 
manners  ;  a  description  of  his  voice,  its  tone,  energy,  and  modu- 
lations; his  delivery,  whether  slow,  grave  and  solemn,  or  rapid, 
sprightly  and  animated ;  his  pronunciation,  whether  studiously 
plain,  homely,  and  sometimes  vulgar,  or  accurate,  courtly  and 
ornate, — with  an  analysis  of  his  mind,  the  variety,  order  and  pre- 
dominance of  its  powers ;  his  information  as  a  lawyer,  a  politi- 
cian, a  scholar;  the  peculiar  character  of  his  eloquence,  &c.,  &,c., 
for  I  never  saw  him.  These  minutiae,  which  constitute  the  most 
interesting  part  of  biography,  are  not  to  be  learnt  from  any 
archives  or  records,  or  any  other  source  than  the  minute  and 
accurate  details  of  a  very  uncommon  observer. 


130  BIOGRAPHICAL    WRITING.  [1804—1805. 

In  the  same  letter,  I  took  the  liberty  of  attempting  to  revive  and 
enforce  your  half  dormant  resolution  of  furnishing  an  essay  for 
"  The  Rainbow,"  on  the  subject  of  Biography  ;  and  of  combating 
your  idea  of  declining  that  essay  because  I  had  turned  my  thoughts 
towards  biography.     For,  if  the  objects  of  your  essay  would  be  to 
shew  the  importance  and  utility  of  biographical  publications,  and 
to  point  out  the  duties  of  the  biographer,  it  would  be  so  far  from 
hostile  that  it  would  be  auxiliary  to  my  scheme ;  as  it  would  give 
the  public  a  preparatory  relish  for  that  kind  of  writing,  and  instruct 
me  how  to  serve  up  the  feast  to  the  best  advantage.     If,  instead  of 
being  didactic,  the  essay  was  intended  to  be,  itself,  a  biographical 
sketch,  yet  the  limits  prescribed  for  an  essay  would  merely  enable 
you  to  excite,  without  sating  the  public  curiosity,  and  would  there- 
fore be  a  good  preparation  for  a  more  expanded  narrative.     If, 
again,  you  proposed  to  pursue  this  subject  through  a  series  of 
essays,  so  as  to  constitute,  in  the  whole,  the  expanded  narrative  of 
which  I  speak,  then  the  great  objects  at  which  I  aimed  (those  of 
preserving  the  memory  of  our  illustrious  men,  and  of  perpetuating 
to  Virginia  the  honor  of  having  given  them  birth,)  would  be  com- 
pletely gained  by  those  essays.     I  wish,  indeed,  that  you  would 
take  this  task  off  of  my  hands.     I  fear  much  that  it  will  be  out  of 
my  power  to  perform  it.    I  find  so  much  writing  to  do  in  my  pro- 
fession, so  much  interruption  from  clients   who  ask  counsel  that 
sometimes  forces  me  on  a  close  and  unremitting  investigation  for  sev- 
eral days,  so  much  preparation  for  argument,  &c.,  &:c.,  that  I  have 
scarcely  time  to  exchange  a  word  with  my  family  day  or  night. 

It  must,  at  all  events,  be  a  considerable  time  before  I  could 
accomplish  the  work  as  I  would ;  whereas  you  have  all  the  long 
intervals  between  the  sessions  at  your  command ;  could  do  the 
business  at  your  ease  ;  could  make  an  amusement  of  it  to  yourself; 
and  from  your  personal  acquaintance  with  the  heroes  of  the  work, 
as  well  as  from  other  causes  which  are  too  obvious  to  particular- 
ize, could  render  it  infinitely  more  valuable  and  interesting  to  the 
public,  than  all  the  leisure  in  the  world  would  enable  me  to  do. 

I  wish  you  would  think  seriously  of  this  proposal.  I  am  trying 
to  collect  materials  for  this  work,  which  I  will  most  gladly  com- 
municate when  I  receive  them.  Nay,  more  ;  if  you  think  proper, 
your  name  shall  be  kept  out  of  the  public  view,  and  they  may  name 
me,  without  contradiction,  as  the  author  (for  there  are  too  many 


CHAP.  X.]  A    PROPOSAL.  131 

persons  who  have,  by  some  means  or  other,  got  wind  of  my  project 
to  suppose  that  it  may  not,  at  first,  be  imputed  to  me.)  And  when 
their  applauses  become  loud,  general  and  confirmed,  1  will  make  a 
public  disclaimer.  If,  by  any  fatality,  they  should  not  applaud,  I 
hereby  promise  you  that  I  never  will  disci aiin.  There  is  not  much 
heroism  in  the  offer, — for  I  know,  with  almost  absolute  certainty, 
>  that  the  result  would  be  propitious.  If  it  should,  or  should  not, 
you  will  at  least  have  an  opportunity  of  seeing  and  hearing  a  fair 
estimate  of  your  pen,  free  from  the  weight  which  it  would  derive 
from  the  name  of  the  Honorable  St.  George  Tucker,  one  of  the 
Judges  of  the  Supreme  Court  of  Appeals  of  Virginia. 

I  hope  there  is  nothing  improper  in  the  proposal  of  this  experi- 
ment. On  my  part  it  is,  in  a  very  great  measure,  the  creature  of 
curiosity.  You  say  your  works  have  been  still-born  ;  no  solution 
of  this  can  be  found  in  the  works  themselves,  and  I  wish  much  to 
see  if  there  be  any  fatality  attached  to  names.  If  the  proposal  be, 
in  any  point  of  view,  improper,  I  beg  you  to  excuse  it,  and  to  be 
assured  that  there  is  nothing  in  the  motives  of  the  proposal  which 
should  excite  your  displeasure. 

****** 
Yours  most  obsequiously, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

The  next  is  to  Benjamin  Edwards,  then  a  resident  of  Kentucky. 
We  have  already  seen  the  kindly  interest  which  this  excellent 
gentleman  manifested  in  the  early  fortunes  of  the  subject  of  this 
memoir,  in  taking  him  to  his  own  house  in  Maryland,  and  in  the 
parental  solicitude  with  which  he  protected  and  guided  the  youth- 
ful student  at  a  period  when  such  friendly  offices  were  above  all 
price. 

Seventeen  years  had  elapsed  since  that  day.  But  it  will  be  seen, 
from  this  letter  that  the  time  gone  by  had  not  blunted  the  edge  of 
the  student's  gratitude,  nor  dimmed  his  ardent  affection  towards 
his  worthy  patron.  Mr.  Edwards  had,  during  the  interval  between 
the  date  of  this  correspondence  and  the  departure  of  his  protege 
from  beneath  his  roof,  removed  with  his  family  to  Kentucky,  and 
was  now  a  prosperous  landholder  in  that  state,  surrounded  by  a 
thriving  family,  and  happy  in  tiie  contemplation  of  the  present  and 
prospective  good  fortune  which  enlivened  the  evening  of  his  life. 


132  LETTER   TO   BENJAMIN    EDWARDS.  [1804—1806. 


The  interest  which  Mr.  Edwards  took  in  the  career  of  hi» 
friend,  and  the  affection  with  which  it  was  reciprocated,  was 
shown  in  a  frequent  correspondence  between  them  ever  since  the 
period  of  their  separation.  The  following  letter  was  called  forth 
by  the  disappointment  which  Mr.  Edwards  had  recently  expressed, 
upon  the  change  of  purpose  in  regard  to  Wirt's  scheme  of  migra- 
tion to  Kentucky.  It  has  reference  to  some  matters  of  personal 
history  which  may  be  acceptable  to  the  reader :  and  it  dwells 
with  an  honest  warmth  of  grateful  recollection  upon  the  topics 
of  family  endearment,  the  household  associations,  the  incidents 
and  characteristics  which  made  Mount  Pleasant  a  precious  picture 
on  the  memory  of  the  writer.  We  shall  not  fail  to  remark  in  the 
perusal  of  this  letter  how  agreeably  it  impresses  us  with  the 
benignity  of  the  good  man  to  whom  it  is  addressed,  the  simplicity 
of  his  life,  and  the  patriarchal  character  of  his  relation  to  those 
around  him  ;  and  how  much  there  is  in  the  writer  of  filial  duty 
and  reverence. 


TO   BENJAMIN    EDWARDS. 

Norfolk,  March  17,  1805. 

I  cannot  describe  to  you,  my  dear  Mr.  Edwards,  the  sensations 
with  which  I  have  just  read  your  most  welcome  and  obliging  letter 
of  the  17th  ult.,  from  Shiloh.  I  need  not  be  ashamed  to  tell  you 
that  my  tears  bore  witness  to  the  sincerity  and  force  of  my  feel- 
ings. You  have  taught  me  to  love  you  like  a  parent.  Well 
indeed  may  I  do  so;  since  to  you,  to  the  influence  of  your  conver- 
sation, your  precepts  and  your  example  in  the  most  critical  and 
decisive  period  of  my  life,  I  owe,  whatever,  of  useful  or  good  there 
may  be  in  the  bias  of  my  mind  and  character.  Continue  then,  I 
implore  you,  to  think  of  me  as  a  son,  and  teach  your  children  to 
regard  me  as  a  brother :  they  shall  find  me  one,  indeed,  if  the 
wonder  working  dispensations  of  Providence  should  ever  place 
them  in  want  of  a  brother's  arm,  or  mind,  or  bosom. 

You  could  not  more  strongly  have  expected  my  wife  and  me  to 
partake  of  your  Christmas  turkey  in  1803,  than  we  ourselves  ex- 
pected it  when  I  wrote  you  last.  I  was  sensible  that  I  owed  you 
and  my  friend  Ninian  an  apology,  or  rather  an  explanation  of  the 


CHAP.  X.]  OBJECTIONS    TO    KENTUCKY.  133 

abrupt  change  of  my  plan  in  relation  to  Kentucky,  and  this  expla- 
nation would  have  been  certainly  made  at  the  proper  time,  but  for 
a  point  of  delicacy  arising  from  the  nature  of  the  explanation 
itself.  But  now  that  the  project  is  over  and,  with  you,  I  fear  for- 
ever, I  may  explain  to  you  without  reserve. 

The  first  obstacle  which  I  had  to  encounter  arose  from  the  dif- 
ficulty of  compassing  so  much  cash  as  would  enable  me  to  make 
my  debut  sufficiently  respectable.  To  have  disclosed  this  ob- 
stacle either  to  you  or  Ninian,  after  the  strong  desire  which  1  had 
manifested  to  migrate  to  your  state,  might  have  been  liable  to  an 
interpretation,  which,  either  from  true  or  false  pride,  1  chose  to 
avoid.  As  I  could  not  state  to  you  this  primary  obstacle,  I  thought 
it  would  be  disingenuous  to  amuse  you  with  an  account  of  merely 
subordinate  ones ;  but  now  you  shall  know  the  whole  truth.  My 
wife,  who  was  thoroughly  convinced  of  the  propriety  of  our 
removal  to  Kentucky,  had  consented  to  it,  from  the  dictates  of 
reason  and  judgment,  whilst  her  heart  and  affections  secretly  re- 
volted against  the  measure.  Most  dutifully  and  delicately,  how- 
ever, she  concealed  her  repugnance  from  me,  and  I  should  never 
have  known  it,  but  for  an  accident.  Waking  one  night,  at  mid- 
night, while  this  journey  was  contemplated,  I  found  her  in  tears; 
and,  after  much  importunity,  drew  from  her  an  acknowledgment,  that 
her  distress  proceeded  from  the  idea  of  such  a  distant  and  most 
probably  final  separation  from  her  parents  and  family. 

I  will  not  affect  to  deny  that  I  believe  this  discovery  and  the 
manner  of  it,  would  have  been  decisive  with  me  against  the  re- 
moval, even  if  the  first  objection  had  not  existed.  Fortune  and 
fame  are,  indeed,  considerations  of  great  weight  with  me ;  but  they 
are  light,  compared  with  the  happiness  of  the  best  of  wives. 
About  the  time  of  this  discovery,  and  while  the  current  of  my  own 
inclinations  had  been  thus  checked  and  brought  to  an  eddy,  a 
young  gentleman  (a  son  of  the  late  Judge  Tazewell)  who  was  at 
the  head  of  the  practice  in  this  part  of  the  state,  very  generously 
and  disinterestedly  waited  on  me  at  Williamsburg,  opposed  my 
removal  by  every  argument  that  friendship  or  ingenuity  could 
suggest,  offered  to  recede,  in  my  favor,  from  several  of  his  most 
productive  courts,  painted  the  progressive  prosperity  of  Norfolk 
in  colors,  so  strong  and  alluring,  and  exhibited  such  irresistible 
evidence  of  the  present  profits  of  the  practice  in  this  borough  and 
VOL.  1  —  12 


134  PROFESSIONAL    HOPES.  [1604—1805. 

district,  that  ni)^  mind  was  left  in  equipoise  between  Kentucky  and 
Norfolk. 

At  this  critical  juncture  came  a  letter  from  you,  in  which  you 
very  amicably  exhorted  me  against  the  indulgence  of  a  too  sanguine 
imagination  in  regard  to  Kentucky.  You  stated  that  the  specie 
had  almost  disappeared  from  the  state,  owing  to  the  occlusion  of 
Orleans,  by  the  Spanish  Intendant  against  your  deposites — an  in- 
convenience whose  duration  it  was  impossible  to  calculate,  and 
represented  that  the  gentlemen  of  my  profession,  like  the  other 
inhabitants  of  the  state,  carried  on  their  business  by  barter,  re- 
ceiving their  fees  in  negroes,  horses,  &c.  Under  the  joint  action 
of  all  these  obstacles,  ditliculties,  considerations  and  motives  of 
policy  and  expedience,  1  was  led  to  the  adoption  of  the  resolution 
which  brought  me  here.  And  so  here  I  am,  abreast  with  the  van 
of  the  profession  in  this  quarter,  with  the  brightest  hopes  and  pros- 
pects ;  duping  the  people  by  a  most  Jenkinsonian  exterior,  using 
"  words  of  learned  length  and  thundering  sound,"  puffed  by  the 
newspapers  as  an  orator,  to  which  I  have  no  pretensions,  and 
honored  and  applauded  far  beyond  my  deserts.  It  is  only  for  the 
humiliation  with  which  I  see  and  hear  what  is  written  and  said  in 
my  praise,  that  I  give  myself  any  credit.  I  have  formed  in  my 
own  imagination  a  model  of  professional  greatness  which  I  am  far, 
very  far,  below,  but  to  which  I  will  never  cease  to  aspire.  It  is 
to  this  model  that  I  compare  myself,  whenever  the  world  applauds, 
and  the  comparison  humbles  me  to  the  dust.  If  ever  I  should  rise 
to  this  imaginary  prototype,  I  shall  rest  in  peace. — Herculean  en- 
terprise !  But  1  must  not  despair,  since  it  is  only  by  aiming  at  per- 
fection that  a  man  can  attain  his  highest  practicable  point. 

If  a  fortune  is  to  be  made  by  the  profession  in  this  country,  I 
believe  I  shall  do  it.  It  must  require,  however,  fitteen  or  twenty 
years  to  effect  this.  Norfolk,  as  you  guess,  is  very  expensive.  I 
keep,  for  instance,  a  pair  of  horses  here,  which  cost  me  eight 
pounds  per  month.  Wood  is  from  four  to  eight  dollars  per  cord; 
Indian  meal  through  the  winter  nine  shillings  per  bushel, — this  sum- 
mer it  is  supposed  it  will  be  fifteen;  flour  eleven  and  twelve  dollars 
per  barrel,  a  leg  of  mutton  three  dollars,  butter  three  shillings  per 
pound,  eggs  two  shillings  and  three  pence  per  dozen,  and  so  on. 
Having  set  out,  however,  with  the  view  of  making  a  provision  for 
my  family,  in  the  event  of  my  being  called  away  from  theih,  I  live 


CHAP.  X.]         EXPECTATIONS    FROM    HIS    PROFESSION.  135 

as  economically  as  I  can,  so  as  lo  avoid  giving  my  wife  any  reason 
for  regret  at  the  recollection  of  her  father's  house  and  table. 
After  this  year,  I  hope  it  will  be  in  my  power  to  nett  annually 
two  thousand  dollars,  by  the  practice, — but  I  do  not  expect  ever  to 
do  more  than  this.  I  shall  be  content  to  leave  the  bar  whenever 
my  capital  will  nett  me  an  annual  revenue  of  four  thousand  dollars, 
and  not  till  then. 

1  am  indeed  sometimes  very  apprehensive  that  the  yellow  fever, 
which  you  mention,  may  cut  this  operation  short,  by  removing  me 
from  this  scene  of  things ;  or  protract  it,  by  driving  me  from  my 
business  into  annual  exile,  as  was  the  case  last  summer  and  fall. 
If  I  find  this  latter  event  likely  to  take  place,  I  shall  certainly  use 
all  my  influence  with  my  wife  to  reconcile  her  to  Kentucky ;  for 
even  now,  I  will  not  conceal  it  from  you,  propitious  as  is  the  face 
of  my  affairs,  your  letter  makes  me  sigh  at  the  thought  of  your 
state.  It  is  not,  however,  the  idea  of  being  "a  comet  in  a  naked 
horizon,"  which  I  long  to  realize.  I  have  seen  too  many  luminaries, 
infinitely  my  superiors  in  magnitude  and  splendor,  to  believe 
myself  a  comet ;  nor  can  I  believe  that  horizon  naked  which  is 
adorned  and  lighted  up  with  a  Breckenridge,  a  Brown,  a  Maury 
and  N.  Edwards.  Besides,  if  I  were  ambitious,  and  it  were  true 
that  this  part  of  the  hemisphere  were  gilded  with  the  brightest 
stars,  I  should,  for  that  reason,  choose  this  part.  A  glow-worm 
would  be  distinguished  amid  total  darkness.  But,  it  requires  a 
sun,  indeed,  to  eclipse  the  starry  firmament.  No,  sir.  It  is  the 
Green  River  land  which  makes  me  sigh ;  the  idea  of  being  re- 
leased from  the  toils  of  my  profession  by  independence,  in  six 
or  eight  years,  and  of  pursuing  it  afterwards  at  my  ease,  and 
only  on  great  occasions,  and  for  great  fees ;  of  having  it  in  my 
power  to  indulge  myself  in  the  cultivation  of  general  science ; 
of  luxuriating  in  literary  amusements,  and  seeking  literary  emi- 
nence. Those  are  the  objects  which  I  have  been  accustomed 
to  look  to,  as  the  most  desirable  companions  in  the  meridian 
of  life,  and  six  or  eight  years  more  would  just  bring  me  to  that 
age  at  which  Parson  Hunt  and  his  son  William  used  to  predict,  in 
moments  of  displeasure  and  reproof,  that  I  should  begin  to  be  a 
man, — viz.  at  forty.  It  is  because  your  letter  holds  out  probabil- 
ities like  these,  that  I  sigh.  For  I  know  that  by  the  practice  of 
this  country,  independence,  by  my  profession,  is  a  great  way  off. 


136  FAMILY    AFFAIRS.  [1804—1805. 


How  much  it  would  delight  me  to  live  once  more  within  eye 
and  earshot  of  you.  To  he  able  to  talk  over  with  you  the  affairs 
of  Mount  Pleasant,  and  of  my  youth  ;  to  hear  your  raillery  and 
your  laugh  ;  these  are  things  that  I  could  think  of  until  I  should 
be  quite  unmanned  : — but  enough.  My  wife  has  given  me  two 
children  in  little  more  than  two  years.  We  were  married  on  the 
7th  September,  1802,  and  on  the  3d  September,  1803,  she  gave 
me  a  daughter,  now  a  lovely  child,  going  on  nineteen  months  old, 
and  with  the  romantic  name  of  Laura  Henrietta,  the  first  the  fa- 
vorite of  Petrarch,  the  last  the  christian  name  of  my  mother.  On 
the  31st  day  of  last  January  she  gave  me  a  son,  who  is  certainly 
a  very  handsome  child,  and  if  there  be  any  truth  in  physiognomy, 
a  fellow  whose  native  sheet  of  intellectual  paper,  is  of  as  fine  a 
texture  and  as  lustrous  a  white,  as  the  fond  heart  even  of  a  parent 
can  desire.  My  fancy  is  already  beginning  to  build  for  him  some 
of  those  airy  tenements,  in  the  erection  of  which,  my  youth  has 
been  wasted.  My  wife  wants  to  call  this  boy  Robert  Gamble, 
and  as  this  is  a  matter  altogether  within  the  lady's  department,  I 
shall  give  way.  She  was  just  twenty-one  the  30th  day  of  last 
January,  and  I  was  thirty-two  the  8th  day  of  last  November,  so 
I  hope  we  may  reach  my  wished  for  number  of  twelve,  and  be 
almost  as  patriarchal,  by  and  by,  as  yourself 

How  much  you  gratify  me  by  the  circumstantial  description  of 
your  children — their  prosperity  now,  and  their  hopeful  prospects ! 
May  all  your  wishes  in  regard  to  them  be  fulfilled  !  I  hope  and 
pray  so  from  my  inmost  soul.  I  have  a  kind  of  dim  presage  that 
I  shall  yet  be  in  Kentucky,  time  enough  for  your  Benjamin  Frank- 
lin, if  not  for  Cyrus.  Heaven  send  I  may  ever  have  it  in  my 
power  to  be  of  any  use  to  either  of  your  children !  Pray,  re- 
member me  to  them  all,  with  the  regard  of  a  brother,  and 
present  me  to  Mrs.  Edwards,  with  the  respect  and  dutiful  af- 
fection of  a  son.  Shall  I  ever  see  you  again,  in  the  midst  of 
them  on  your  farm,  disengaged  from  all  care,  and  happy  as  you 
deserve  to  be .''  You  cannot  think  with  what  tenderness  my 
memory  dwells  on  Mount  Pleasant  and  the  neighborhood.  I 
remember,  indeed,  very  many  follies  to  blush  at  and  be  ashamed 
of,  yet  still  it  is  one  of  those  "  sunny  spots  "  in  the  course  of  my 
life,  in  which  recollection  dearly  loves  to  bask.  Let  me  be  free 
with  you,  for  you  used  to  make  me  so.     To  this  day,  the  image  of 


CHAP.  X.]  OLD    ACQUAINTANCES.  131 


B.  S ,  is  as  fresh  in  my  mind,  as  if  she  had  just  left  Mount 

Pleasant,  on  Sunday  evening,  on  the  bay  mare,  and  my  eyes  had 
followed  her  through  the  gate,  and  as  far  around  as  she  was 
visible,  on  her  way  home.     And  the  investigation  which  you  once 

made  of  the  difference  between  K 's  passion  for  her  and  mine, 

is  just  as  vivid  as  if  it  had  passed  on  yesterday.      By-the-bye, 

you  have  not  said  a  word  of  my  friend  K ,  and  as  I  take  a 

very  strong  interest  in  his  welfare,  let  me  hear  of  him  when  you 
write  next. 

I  thank  you  very  much  for  your  mention  of  several  of  my  old 
acquaintances.  Among  them  all,  Jack  Wallace  (if  he  is  the  son  of 
James)  is  my  favorite.  Nature,  indeed,  had  not  taken  much  pains 
in  the  cast  of  his  genius,  but  she  gave  him  one  of  the  sweetest 
tempers,  and  one  of  the  finest  and  noblest  hearts  that  ever  warmed 
a  human  breast. 

Maj.    W ,   I  presume,   is   my   schoolmate,  William,  who 

used  to  live  at  Montgomery  court-house.  When  we  were  at 
school  together,  about  the  year  1785,  he  was  thought  one  of  the 
world's  wonders,  or  rather,  a  new  wonder,  in  point  of  genius. 
Where  is  the  hopeful  promise  of  his  youth  ^  Smothered  under 
the  leaden  atmosphere  of  indolence .''  Or  has  it  faded,  like  the 
first  flower  of  the  spring,  to  bud  and  bloom  no  more  ? 
****** 

Of  Q,.  M ,  I  only  remember  that  he  was  a  large  faced,  well 

grown  boy,  who  learnt  the  Latin  grammar  until  he  came  to 
penna-a-pen,  where  he  stuck  fast,  and  his  father  took  him  away 
in  despair.  But  it  is  possible  that  1  may  be  mistaken,  and  am  con- 
founding him  with  some  other  boy.     One  other  thing  I  am  sure  of, 

that  he  had  a  very  pretty  sister,  whose  name  was  L ,  witli 

whom  I  was  very  much  in  love  one  whole  night,  at  an  exhibition 

ball  in  the  neighborhood  of  Parson  Hunt's.     E.  M ,  I  do  not 

remember  at  all.     I  could  not  have  been  acquainted  with  him,  nor 

I  think,  with  M.  L .     I  well  remember  the  family  of  the  latter, 

who  lived  on  a  hill,  near  a  mill  pond  of  Samuel  W.  Magruder's. 
There  were  five  or  six  of  us,  of  the  family  of  Magruder,  who, 
after  bathing  of  a  Sunday  in  the  pond,  used  to  go  up  and  see  a 
sister  of  Matthew's,  whose  name  was  Betsey,  (a  name  always  fatal 
to  me.)  I  was  then  about  twelve  years  old,  and  I  remember  that 
for  one  whole  summer,  that  girl  disturbed  my  peace  considerably. 

VOL.   1  —  12* 


138  THE   BRITISH    SPY.  [1804—1805. 


The  sex,  I  believe,  never  had  an  earlier  or  more  fervent  votary ; 
but  it  was  all  light  work  till  I  came  to  B.  S .  To  this  mo- 
ment I  think  kindly  of  her,  even  in  the  grave. 

******* 

I  have  used  already  a  good  deal  of  egotism  in  this  letter :  but  it 
is  unavoidable  in  letters  between  friends,  and  it  certainly  is  not 
desirable  to  avoid  it  between  friends  so  far  sundered  as  we  are, 
who  are  obliged  to  resort  to  letters  as  a  substitute  for  conversa- 
tion. For  my  own  part,  I  sat  down  with  a  determination  to  write 
just  as  I  would  talk  with  you,  in  order  that  I  might  approach  as 
near  as  possible  to  the  enjoyment  of  your  company ;  and,  as  I 
should  certainly  have  talked  a  great  deal  of  levity  and  nonsense, 
so  have  I  written,  and  so  I  sliall  still  write,  although  I  know  that 
I  am  taxing  you  with  a  heavy  postage. 

But  to  myself  again.  I  find  you  have  read  the  British  Spy,  and, 
from  your  allusion  to  it,  I  presume  you  have  understood  me  to  be 
the  author.  It  is  true.  I  wrote  those  letters  to  while  away  six 
anxious  weeks  which  preceded  the  birth  of  my  daughter.  In  one 
respect  they  were  imprudent.  They  inflicted  wounds  which  I 
did  not  intend. 

******* 

In  the  esteem  of  a  penetrating  and  learned  man,  the  British  Spy 
would  injure  me,  because  it  would  lead  him  to  believe  my  mind 
light  and  superficial;  but  its  effect  on  the  body  of  the  people  here, 
(on  W'hom  I  depend  for  my  fortune,)  has,  I  believe,  been  very 
advantageous.  It  was  bought  up  with  great  avidity  ;  a  second 
edition  called  for  and  bought  up ;  and  the  editor,  when  I  saw  him 
last,  talked  of  striking  a  third  edition.  It  has  been  the  means  of 
making  me  extensively  known,  and  known  to  my  advantage, 
except,  perhaps,  with  such  men  as  Jefferson  and  Jay,  whose  just 
minds  readily  ascertain  the  difference  between  bullion  and  chaff. 
******* 

The  title  of  this  fiction  was  adopted  for  concealment,  that 
thereby  I  might  have  an  opportunity  of  hearing  myself  criticised 
without  restraint.  But  I  was  surprised  to  find  myself  known  after 
the  third  letter  appeared.  Having  once  adopted  the  character  of 
an  Englishman,  it  was  necessary  to  support  that  character  through- 
out, by  expressing  only  British  sentiments ;  yet,  there  were  some 


CHAP.  X.]  AN    IMPUTATION.  139 

men,  weak  enough,  in  this  state,  to  suspect,  from  this  single  cause, 
that  I  had  apostatized  from  the  republican  faith.  The  suspicion, 
however,  is  now  pretty  well  over. 

«**♦**♦ 
1  am  your  friend,  and 

Your  son  by  election, 

Wm.  Wirt, 


CHAPTER   XI. 

1805—1806. 

INCREASING    REPUTATION DISLIKE    OF   CRIMINAL    TRIALS — MEDITATES    A 

RETURN   TO    RICHMOND.— AN    OLD    FASHIONED    WEDDING    AT    WILLIAMS- 
BURG  LETTERS A   DISTASTE   FOR   POLITICAL   LIFE. 

Mr.  Wirt  continued  to  reside  in  Norfolk  until  July,  1806. 
His  life  here  was  one  of  close  application  to  business,  and  his 
professional  career  was  characterised  by  its  rapid  and  steady 
progress  upward  towards  the  attainment  of  reputation,  influence, 
and  independence.  He  practised  largely  through  the  district, 
extending  his  attendance  upon  the  courts  as  far  as  Williamsburg 
and  into  the  counties  adjacent  to  Norfolk.  He  was  already 
accounted  one  of  the  most  eloquent  advocates  in  the  state,  and  was 
growing  fast  to  be  considered  one  of  the  ablest  of  her  lawyers. 
His  renown  as  an  advocate  brought  him  into  almost  every  criminal 
trial  of  note  within  the  circuit  of  his  practice,  and  overburdened 
him  with  a  species  of  business  sufficiently  disgusting  in  its  best 
phase,  but  which,  in  its  varied  demands  upon  a  man  in  whom  the 
mere  pride  of  eloquent  speech  has  not  deadened  the  sensibility 
of  his  heart  to  what  is  good  and  bad,  cannot  but  grow  to  be 
inexpressibly  irksome  and  offensive. 

"  I  am  becoming  ill  at  ease,"  he  writes  to  Mrs.  Wirt,  from  Wil- 
liamsburg, during  this  period,  "  at  this  long  absence  from  you 
and  my  children,  *  *  I  look  to  you  as  a  refuge  from  care  and 
toil.  It  is  this  anticipation  only  which  enables  me  to  sustain  the 
pressure  of  employments  so  uncongenial  with  my  spirit :  this 
indiscriminate  defence  of  right  and  wrong — this  zealous  advoca- 
tion of  causes  at  which  my  soul  revolts — this  playing  of  the  nurse 
to  villains,  and  occupying  myself  continually  in  cleansing  them — 
it  is  sickening,  even  to  death.  But  the  time  will  come  when  I 
hope  it  will  be  unnecessary." 

He  began  to  long  for  the  privilege  of  an  exclusive  devotion  of 
his  time  to  that  higher  range  of  practice  which,  dealing  with  the 


CHAP.  XI.]       MEDITATES    A    RETURN    TO    RICHMOND.  141 

more  complicated  affairs  of  society,  gives  occasion  for  the  employ- 
ment of  the  subtlest  powers  of  intellect,  in  the  study  and  develop- 
ment of  the  great  principles  of  right.  In  this  sphere  of  forensic 
life,  as  distinguished  from  that  which  is  properly  assigned  to  the 
advocate,  is  only  to  be  achieved  that  best  renown  which  has 
followed  the  names  of  the  greatest  lawyers.  It  exacts  not  only 
the  cultivation  of  the  highest  order  of  eloquence,  but  the  study 
also  of  the  noblest  topics  of  human  research,  in  the  nice  questions 
of  jurisprudence  and  ethics,  and  finds  its  most  powerful  auxilia- 
ries in  the  learning  that  belongs  to  the  history  and  philosophy  of 
man.  Popular  advocacy,  on  the  other  hand,  whilst  it  allures  its 
votary  into  a  path  made  vocal  with  the  applause  of  the  multitude, 
seduces  his  mind  from  its  love  of  truth,  teaches  him  to  disparage 
the  wealth  of  the  best  learning,  and  to  account  the  triumph  won 
in  the  open  amphitheatre  in  the  presence  of  the  crowd,  as  more 
precious  than  all  the  gems  which  are  turned  up  in  the  silent 
delvings  of  the  student  patiently  toiling  with  no  companion  but 
his  lamp. 

In  the  hope  of  soon  obtaining  that  position  at  the  bar  which 
should  enable  him  to  realize  these  longings  of  his  heart,  Wirt 
labored,  wnth  cheerful  submission  to  the  present  necessity  which 
compelled  him  to  obey  whatever  call  his  profession  made  upon 
him.  He  looked  anxiously  for  the  day  of  his  return  to  Rich- 
mond, resolved  that  that  period  should  not  be  long  postponed. 
The  usual  unhealthiness  of  Norfolk  during  the  autumn,  which  was 
occasionally  aggravated  by  the  appearance  of  the  yellow  fever, 
forced  him  to  remove  his  family  during  the  warm  season,  to 
Richmond,  or  still  further  towards  the  mountains,  whilst  he  him- 
self was  obliged  to  remain  in  the  borough,  or  make  his  circuits 
into  the  neighboring  counties.  These  separations  from  his  house- 
hold disquieted  him.  Passionately  attached  to  his  wife  and  chil- 
dren, it  was  ever  the  engrossing  subject  of  his  thoughts  to  push 
his  professional  success  to  the  point  which  would  allow  him  to 
remain  at  home, — and  that  home,  as  he  hoped,  in  Richmond. 

"  I  amuse  myself,"  he  says  in  the  same  letter  I  have  last  quo- 
ted, "  in  planning  fairy  visions  of  futurity.  I  imagine  that  we  have 
laid  by  money  enough  to  build  a  house  in  Richmond — that  we  are 
living  there,  and  I  practising  in  the  Superior  Courts,  in  the  van  of 


142  ASPIRATIONS.  [1S05— 1806. 

the  profession,  making  my a  year  without  once  leaving  the 

town." 

May  10th,  1805,  he  writes  to  Mrs.  W., — "  We  will  go  to  Rich- 
mond to  live  as  soon  as  prudence  will  permit.  But  Norfolk  is  the 
ladder  by  which  we  are  to  climb  the  hills  of  Richmond  advan- 
tageously.— Norfolk  is  the  cradle  of  our  fortune." 

Whilst  turning  over  many  letters  written  during  this  year  to 
Mrs.  Wirt,  from  which  I  make  but  meagre  extracts — the  follow- 
ing passage  occurs,  which  speaks  an  earnest  and  most  character- 
istic aspiration  of  the  writer. 

*  *  *  *  *  a  I      Jjgyg      \jQeJl 

interrupted  by  Judge  Prentiss  who  came  into  my  room  to  look 
at  the  miniature  of  Patrick  Henry,  which  has  been  sent  to  me 
by  Judge  Winston,  and  to  read  a  very  interesting  narrative  of 
P.  H.  by  the  same  gentleman.  Mr.  Winston's  story  is  a  hun- 
dred times  better  told  than  either  or 's.  The  pro- 
ject pleases  me  more  and  more,  and  I  hope  to  be  enabled  to  im- 
mortalize the  memory  of  Henry  and  to  do  no  discredit  to  my  own 
fame.  The  idea  has  been  always  very  dismal  to  me,  of  dropping 
into  the  grave  like  a  stone  into  the  water,  and  letting  the  waves  of 
Time  close  over  me,  so  as  to  leave  no  trace  of  the  spot  on  which 
I  fall.  For  this  reason,  at  a  very  early  period  of  my  youth,  I  re- 
solved to  profit  by  the  words  of  Sallust,  who  advises,  that  if  a  man 
wishes  his  memory  to  live  forever  on  the  earth,  he  must  either 
write  something  worthy  of  being  always  read,  or  do  something 
worthy  of  being  written  and  immortalized  by  history.  Perhaps  it 
is  no  small  degree  of  vanity  to  think  myself  capable  of  either; — 
but  I  have  been  always  taught  to  consider  the  passion  for  fame  as 
not  only  innocent,  but  laudable  and  even  noble.  I  mean  that  kind 
of  fame  which  follows  virtuous  and  useful  actions." 

In  the  same  correspondence  I  find  a  letter  from  which  I  take  a 
description  of  a  wedding  at  Williamsburg,  in  April,  1806.  It  is 
worth  preserving  as  a  sketch  of  manners  and  customs  in  the  Old 
Dominion  at  that  date : 

*  *  ♦  aj  vvent  last  night  to  Miss'P 's 

wedding.  The  crowd  was  great,  the  room  warm,  the  spirit  of 
dancing  was  upon  them,  and  the  area  so  small  that  a  man  could  not 
lift  a  foot  without  the  hazard  of  setting  it  down  upon  a  neighbor's. 
But  then,  by  way  of  balancing  the  account,  there  was  a  group  of 


CHAP.  XL]  AN    OLD    FASHIONED    WEDDING.  143 

very  gay  and  pretty  girls.  Miss  P.  herself,  never  looked  so 
lovely  before.  She  was  dressed  perfectly  plain, — wore  her  own 
hair,  without  wreath,  laurel  or  other  ornament.  She  had  not  a 
flower  nor  an  atom  of  gold  or  silver  about  her:  there  was  a  neat 
pair  of  pearl  pendants  in  her  ears,  but  without  any  stone  or  me- 
tallic setting.  Her  dress  a  pure  while  muslin : — but  she  danced  at 
least  a  hundred  reels,  and  the  roses  in  her  cheeks  were  blown  to 
their  fullest  bloom.  You  know  she  is  a  very  pretty  girl;  but  Sally 
C,  who  was  also  there,  seemed  to  bear  off  the  bell." 

****** 

"But  to  the  wedding.     I  went  with  the  intention  of  seeing 

my  friends,  merely  peeping  into  the  supper  room  and  coming 
home  in  an  hour  or  two  at  farthest.  But  I  got  there  about  eight 
o'clock,  and  the  dancing  room  was  so  thronged  as  to  be  impene- 
trable without  an  exertion  of  strength  which  would  have  been  very 
inconvenient  to  me  in  so  warm  a  room,  and  much  more  incon- 
venient to  those  whom  I  might  overset  in  my  career.  So,  I 
watched  the  accidental  opening  of  avenues,  and  it  was  an  hour  and 
a  half,  at  least,  before  I  had  kissed  the  bride — which,  by-the-bye, 
I  did  under  the  pretence  of  delivering  a  message  from  you — and 
made  the  bows  which  were  due  from  me.  The  enquiries  after 
you  and  your  children  were  many  and  apparently  affectionate. 

"  It  was  past  eleven  when  the  sanctum  sanctorum  of  the  sup- 
per room  was  thrown  open — although  I  dont  know  but  that  the 
designation  of  the  sanctum  would  be  better  applied  to  another 
apartment  in  the  house — and  it  was  near  twelve  when  it  came  to 
my  turn  to  see  the  show.  And  a  very  superb  one  it  was,  I  assure 
you.  The  tree  in  the  centre  cake  was  more  simply  elegant  than 
any  thing  of  the  kind  I  remember  to  have  seen.  It  was  near  four 
feet  high:  the  cake  itself,  the  pedestal,  had  a  rich — very  rich — 
fringe  of  white  paper  surrounding  it :  the  leaves,  baskets,  gar- 
lands, &c.,  &c.,  were  all  very  naturally  done  in  white  paper,  not 
touched  with  the  pencil,  and  the  baskets  were  rarely  ornamented 
with  silver  spangles.  At  the  ends  of  the  tables  were  two  lofty 
pyramids  of  jellies,  syllabubs,  ice  creams,  &c. — the  which  pyra- 
mids were  connected  with  the  tree  in  the  centre  cake  by  pure 
white  paper  chains,  very  prettily  cut,  hanging  in  light  and  delicate 
festoons,  and  ornamented  with  paper  bow  knots.     Between   the 


144  LETTER   TO    MR.    EDWARDS.  [1805-1806. 

centre  cake  and  each  pyramid  was  another  large  cake  made  for  use: 
then  tliere  was  a  profusion  of  meals,  cheese-cakes,  fruits,  etc.  etc. 

"  But  there  were  two  unnatural  things  at  table ; — a  small  silver 
globe  on  each  side  of  the  tree,  which  might  have  passed — if  Char- 
lotte, to  enhance  their  value,  had  not  told  us  that  they  were  a 
fruit — whose  name  I  dont  recollect — between  the  size  of  a  shad- 
dock and  an  orange,  covered  with  silver  leaf; — which  was  rather 
too  outlandish  for  my  palate.  All  the  grandees  of  the  place  were 
there ."  ***** 

The  particularity  and  quaintness  of  this  description  of  a  wed- 
ding supper  of  more  than  forty  years  ago,  in  low  Virginia,  has  a 
smack  in  it  which  may  remind  one  of  Froissart,  or  some  enrap- 
tured chronicler  of  a  banquet  scene  of  those  days  when  "ancientry 
and  slate"  were  held  in  more  reverence  than  the  present.  The 
great  centre  cake  and  its  white  paper  tree  four  feet  high,  and  the 
paper  chains  hanging  in  delicate  festoons  from  the  topmost  boughs, 
all  the  way  over  the  table  to  the  apexes  of  the  pyramids  of  jellies, 
and  the  two  large  cakes  below,  '■'■for  use,''''  and  the  silver  globes — 
a  pleasant  picture  this  of  home  manufactured  grandeur  of  the  old 
time,  when  a  blooming  bride  danced  "  a  hundred  reels"  on  the 
wedding  night,  giving  fresh  brilliancy  to  the  roses  of  her  cheek  ! 
"  Old  times  are  changed,  old  manners  gone," — and  Williamsburg, 
doubtless,  has  dismissed  the  great  paper  tree  and  the  sweet  mould 
in  which  it  grew,  for  modern  fopperies.  We  may  thank  the  young 
lawyer  who  has  so  happily  preserved  these  images. 

We  come  now  to  another  letter  to  the  good  friend  of  his  youth. 


TO    BENJAMIN    EDWARDS. 

Norfolk,  May  6,  1806. 
Mr  Dear  Sir  : 

•  #*#*#* 

You  see  I  have  not  gotten  rid  of  my  levities,  and  most  certainly 
I  never  shall  while  I  live  ;  they  make  an  essential  part  of  my  con- 
stitution. I  catch  myself,  sometimes,  singing  and  dancing  about 
the  house  like  a  madman,  to  the  very  great  amusement  of  my  wife 
and  children,  and  probably  of  the  passengers  who  are  accidentally 
going  along  the  street.     This  is  very  little  like  the  wise  conduct 


CHAP.  XI.]  VAGARIES.  145 

which  Shakspeare  makes  Henry  IV.  recommend  to  his  son  :  but 
the  hair-brained  find  some  consolation  in  the  figure  which  Henry  V. 
made  in  spite  of  his  father's  maxims  of  gravity.  Yet  I  hope  you 
will  not  believe  that  I  either  sing  or  dance  in  the  street  or  in 
the  court-house.  I  know  the  indispensable  importance  of  a  little 
state,  to  draw  the  magic  circle  of  respect  around  one's  self  and 
repel  intrusion  and  vulgarity. 

******* 
To  be  sure,  in  a  letter,  it  is  not  so  material  if  a  man  cuts  an 
eccentric  caper  here  and  there ;  but  I  feel  the  same  propensity 
when  I  am  arguing  a  cause  before  a  court  and  jury,  although  I  see 
the  track  plainly  before  me,  yet  like  an  ill-disciplined  race-horse 
I  am  perpetually  bolting  or  flying  the  way,  and  this,  too,  perhaps 
in  the  very  crisis  of  the  argument.  After  having  laid  my  pre- 
mises to  advantage,  often  having  gone  through  an  elaborate  de- 
duction of  principles,  in  the  very  instant  when  I  am  about  to  reap 
the  fruit  of  my  toil,  by  drawing  my  conclusion,  and  when  every 
body  is  on  tiptoe  expectation  of  it,  some  meteor  springs  up  before 
me,  and,  in  spite  of  me,  I  am  off,  like  Commodore  Trunnion's 
hunter,  when  the  pack  of  hounds  crossed  him  so  unpropitiously, 
just  as  he  was  arriving  at  church  to  seize  the  hand  of  his  anxious 
and  expecting  bride.  I  was  in  conversation  the  other  day  with  a 
very  intimate  friend  of  mine  on  this  subject,  and  was  lamenting  to 
him  this  laxity  of  intellect,  which  I  was  sure  arose  from  the  want 
of  a  well  directed  education.  He  admitted  that  I  had  ascribed  it 
to  its  proper  cause,  but  doubted  whether  it  ought  to  be  lamented 
as  a  defect,  suggesting  that  the  man  in  whose  imagination  these 
meteors  were  always  shooting,  bid  much  fairer  both  for  fame  and 
fortune  than  the  dry  and  rigid  logician,  however  close  and  cogent. 
In  reply  it  was  but  necessary  for  me  to  appeal  to  examples  before 
our  eyes  to  disprove  his  suggestion.  One  was  Alexander  Camp- 
bell, whose  voice  had  all  the  softness  and  melody  of  the  harp, 
whose  mind  was  at  once  an  orchard  and  a  flower  garden,  loaded 
with  the  best  fruits  and  smiling  in  all  the  many-colored  bloom  of 
spring — whose  delivery,  action,  style  and  manner  were  perfectly 
Ciceronian,  and  who,  with  all  these  advantages,  died  by  his  own 
hand.  *  *  *  *  On  the  other  hand, 

here  is  John  Marshall,  whose  mind  seems  to  be  little  else  than  a 
mountain  of  barren  and  stupendous  rocks,  an  inexhaustible  quarry 

VOL.  1  —  13 


146  MATHEMATICAL   STUDY.  [1S05— 1806. 


from  which  he  draws  his  materials  and  builds  his  fabrics,  rude  and 
Gothic,  but  of  such  strength  that  neither  time  nor  force  can  beat 
them  down — a  fellow  who  would  not  turn  off  a  single  step  from 
the  right  line  of  his  argument  though  a  Paradise  should  rise  to 
tempt  him,  who,  it  appears  to  me,  if  a  flower  were  to  spring  in 
his  mind,  would  strike  it  up  with  his  spade  as  indignantly  as  a  far- 
mer would  a  noxious  plant  from  his  meadow,  yet  who,  all  dry  and 
rigid  as  he  is,  has  acquired  all  the  wealth,  fame  and  honor  that  a 
man  need  to  desire.  There  is  no  theorizing  against  facts:  Mar- 
shall's certainly  is  the  true  road  to  solid  and  lasting  reputation  in 
courts  of  law.  The  habits  of  his  mind  are  directly  those  which 
an  accurate  and  familiar  acquaintance  with  the  mathematics  gene- 
rates. 

****** 

I  feel  so  sensibly  my  own  deficiencies  in  this  mathematical 
study,  that,  if  Heaven  spares  my  son,  and  enables  me  to  educate 
him,  I  will  qualify  him  to  be  a  professor  in  it,  before  he  shall 
know  what  poetry  and  rhetoric  are.  If  he  turns  out  to  have  fancy 
and  imagination,  he  will,  i/ien,  be  in  less  danger  of  being  run 
away  with  and  unhorsed  by  them.  If  he  is  for  the  bar,  I  shall 
never  cease  to  inculcate  Marshall's  method,  being  perfectly  per- 
suaded that  for  courts,  and  especially  superior  and  appellate 
courts  (where  there  are  no  juries,)  it  is  the  only  true  method.  It 
is  true  that  if  I  had  my  choice,  I  would  much  rather  have  my  son 
(as  to  mind,)  a  Mirabeau  than  a  Marshall.  If  such  a  prodigy,  as 
I  have  heard  Mirabeau  described  by  Mr.  Jefferson,  did  ever 
really  exist.  For  he  spoke  of  him  as  uniting  two  distinct  and 
perfect  characters  in  himself,  whenever  he  pleased, — the  mere 
logician  with  a  mind  apparently  as  sterile  and  desolate  as  the 
sands  of  Arabia,  but  reasoning  at  such  times,  with  an  Hercu- 
lean force,  which  nothing  could  resist ;  at  other  times,  bursting 
out  with  a  flood  of  eloquence  more  sublime  than  Milton  ever 
imputed  to  the  cherubim  and  seraphim,  and  bearing  all  before 
him.  I  can  easily  conceive  that  a  man  might  have  either  of 
these  characters  in  perfection,  or  some  portion  of  each,  but  that 
the  same  mind  should  unite  them  both,  and  each  in  perfection^ 
appears  to  me,  considering  the  strong  contrast  in  their  essence 
and  operation,  to  be  indeed  a  prodigy.  Yet  I  suppose  it  is  true, 
"  for  Brutus  is  an  honorable  man." 


CHAP  Xr.  DANGERS    OF    POLITICAL    LIFE.  147 

****** 

No,  my  dear  friend,  I  shall  certainly  never  become  famous  by 
burning  a  temple,  or  despising  the  religion  of  Christ.  On  these 
subjects,  in  the  heat,  vanity  and  ostentation  of  youth,  I  once 
thought  and  spoke,  to  my  shame,  too  loosely.  A  series  of  rescues 
from  the  brink  of  ruin,  to  which,  whenever  left  to  myself,  I  madly 
rushed,  convinced  me  that  there  was  an  invisible,  benevolent 
power,  who  was  taking  an  interest  in  my  preservation.  I  hope 
that  ingratitude  is  not  one  of  my  vices.  The  conviction  which  [ 
liave  just  mentioned,  no  sooner  struck  my  heart,  than  it  was  filled 
with  a  sentiment  which,  I  hope,  will  save  me  from  the  fate  of  a 
Voltaire  and  a  Domitian. 

The  friendly  hope  which  you  express,  that  you  will  live  to  hear 
me  toasted  at  every  political  dinner,  for  superior  virtues  and  wis- 
dom, is  indeed  very  obliging,  but  very  unfounded.  You  know 
how  poor  I  have  always  been.  The  rocks  and  shoals  of  poverty 
and  bankruptcy  lie  very  near  to  the  whirlpool  of  dishonor  and  in- 
famy. Among  these  rocks  and  shoals  I  have  been  tossing  and 
beating  ever  since  I  entered  upon  the  world.  The  whirlpool  I  have 
escaped,  and,  thank  Heaven,  feel  myself  now  out  of  danger:  but 
that  horrible  danger  I  shall  never  forget ;  nor  shall  I  cease  strug- 
gling till  I  place  my  children  out  of  its  reach.  This  cannot  be 
done  if  I  give  myself  up  to  politics.  This  latter  might  be  the  road 
to  distinction,  but  not  to  independence,  either  for  myself  or  my 
children.  When  I  have  placed  my  wife  and  children  beyond  the 
reach  of  this  world's  cold  and  reluctant  charity,  unfeeling  inso- 
lence, or  more  insulting  pity,  then  my  country  shall  have  all  the 
little  service  which  I  am  capable  of  rendering.  But  while  I  have 
opportunities  of  hearing,  seeing  and  reading,  and  making  com- 
parisons between  other  men  and  myself,  I  cannot  believe  that  the 
little  all  of  my  services  will  ever  make  me  a  political  toast.  Nor, 
indeed,  do  I  envy  that  distinction  to  any  man:  for  1  remember  how 
Miltiades,  Aristides,  Cicero,  Demosthenes  and  many  others  were 
once  idolized  by  their  countrymen ;  and  I  remember  the  disastrous 
proof  which  their  examples  afforded  of  the  fickleness  of  popular 
favor,  and  the  danger  of  aspiring  to  political  distinctions  even  by 
the  exercise  of  virtues.  Yet  I  would  not  shrink  from  their  fate 
if  my  country  required  the  sacrifice  at  my  hands.  All  I  mean  to 
say  is,  that  I  shall  never  enter  on  the  political  highway  in  quest 


148  MEDITATES    ANOTHER   REMOVAL.  [1S05— 1306. 

of  happiness.  Thank  Heaven !  I  have  it  at  home — a  wife,  in 
whose  praise,  if  I  were  to  indulge  it,  my  pen  would  grow  as 
wanton  as  Juba's  tongue  in  praise  of  his  Marcia,  two  cherub 
children,  a  revenue  which  puts  us  quite  at  ease  in  the  article 
of  living,  and  the  respect  and  esteem  of  my  acquaintances,  and 
I  may  say  of  Virginia.  A  man  who  has  blessings  like  these  in 
possession  will  not  be  very  wise  to  jeopard  them  all  by  launching 
on  the  stormy  Baltic  of  politics. 

Ever  your  friend  and  servant, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

Wirt  had  now  made  up  his  mind  to  remove  to  Richmond.  A 
scheme  which  had  already  taken  such  hold  upon  his  fancy,  re- 
quired no  vehement  enforcement  from  the  advice  of  friends.  His 
distrust  upon  this  question  of  removal,  and  the  suspense  it  had 
encountered  in  his  mind,  seem  to  have  been  effectively  banished  by 
the  accidental  counsel  of  his  friend  Judge  Tucker.  From  Wil- 
liamsburg, whilst  attending  court  there,  April,  1806,  he  writes 
thus  to  his  wife  : 

^  V  Tp  ^p  tF  ^r  ^F 

"  Williamsburg  is  just  as  hospitable  and  as  beautiful  as  ever. 

*  *  *  I  told  the  Judge  (Tucker)  pri- 
vately, that  my  friends  were  pressing  me  to  Jix  myself  in  Rich- 
mond. He  caught  at  it  with  his  usual  enthusiasm, — insisted  I 
should  adopt  the  plan, — swore  that  I  could  not  live  another  year  in 
Norfolk, — declared  that  I  had  fattened  at  least  forty  pounds  since 
he  saw  me  in  the  winter,  and  that  I  was  so  fit  a  subject  for  the 
fever,  he  did'nt  know  the  man  on  whose  life  he  would  not  sooner 
buy  an  annuity  than  on  mine :  said  he  was  sure  I  should  do  well  at 
the  bar  there,  after  a  year  or  two ;  and  that,  even  for  the  present, 
I  might  well  support  my  family  in  Richmond  and  the  neighbor- 
hood. I  am  perfectly  confounded  by  the  arguments  pro  and  con. 
I  pray  Heaven  to  assist  me  with  its  counsels.  Think  of  this  sub- 
ject again  deliberately  and  free  from  bias,  my  dear  B.  You  shall 
decide  it  as  you  please,  and  whatever  may  be  the  result,  I  shall 
always  believe  you  advised  for  the  best.  *  * 

*  *  Do  not  yield  too  much  to  inclination  in  the 
aforesaid  pros  and  cons.  It  is  a  measure  which,  if  resolved  on, 
will  either  ruin  or  make  us  happy,  and,  in  the  former  event,  it 


CHAP.  XL]  DOUBTS    IN    REGARD  TO    IT.  149 

may  end  in  Kentucky.  I  confess  that  when  I  bring  the  movement 
close  to  my  mind,  and  imagine  myself  just  about  to  commence  it, 
I  am  swayed  by  doubts  like  those  which  agitate  Hamlet  when  he 
meditates  self-destruction — he  was  afraid  of  losing  Heaven,  I,  of 
an  earthly  Paradise — may  Heaven  guide  us  !" 

This  point, — "  whether  it  was  better  to  bear  the  ills"  he  had, 
"  or  fly  to  others"  that  he  knew  not  of — gave  him,  however,  pause 
of  no  great  duration.  The  auspicious  and  better  counsels  of  Mrs. 
Wirt  prevailed.  In  a  few  months  after  this  letter,  he  took  a  house 
in  Richmond  upon  a  lease  of  five  years,  and  set  himself  to  the 
business  of  his  removal  with  all  proper  despatch. 


VOL.  1—13* 


CHAPTER    XII. 

180  6. 

REMOVES     TO     RICHMOND A     PR0FE3SI0XAL    CASE    OF     CONSCIEXCE.— DE- 
FENCE   OF    SVVINNEY CHANCELLOR    WYTHE.— JUDGE     CABELL.— LETTER 

TO   MRS.    W.    ON    SVVrNxVEY'S    CASE.— FONDNESS    FOR  MUSIC— LETTER    TO 
F.  W.  GIL.MER.— RECOLLECTIONS  OF  PEN  PARK. 

His  dwelling  place  is  now  once  more  in  Richmond.  His  re- 
turn to  the  bar  there  is  signalized  by  a  case  of  conscience,  the 
proposing  of  which  shows  that  he  had  now  reached  that  point  in 
his  profession  in  which,  no  longer  impelled  by  hard  necessity,  he 
might  debate  with  himself  a  question  of  casuistry,  upon  the  merits 
of  taking  employment  in  a  criminal  cause,  wherein  he  had  reason 
to  believe  the  criminal  unworthy  of  defence.  This  is  a  new  era 
in  his  forensic  life.  It  is  an  incident  which  does  not  always  arrive 
in  the  career  of  even  eminent  lawyers.  The  point  has  often  been 
a  debated  question.  The  better  opinion  of  the  bar  seems  gen- 
erally to  have  settled  it  on  the  side  of  their  own  interest ;  much 
to  the  gratification  of  culprits,  who,  however  steeped  in  iniquity, 
find  no  lack  of  energetic  and  skilful  defence  from  the  brightest,  if 
not  the  best,  lights  of  the  profession.  A  trial  is  regarded  as  a 
species  of  tourney,  in  which  the  champions  are  expected  to  show 
their  prowess — to  use  a  phrase  of  the  British  Spy — in  "  forensic 
digladiation,"  as  little  concerned  with  the  intrinsic  right  or  wrong 
of  the  accusation,  as  the  knights  of  the  ancient  tilting  yard  were 
with  the  real  merits  of  the  beauty  of  their  respective  mistresses. 
The  laws  of  chivalry  placed  the  true  knight  in  a  category  some- 
what resembling  that  of  Captain  Absolute.  "  Zounds,  sirrah,  the 
lady  shall  be  as  ugly  as  I  choose:  she  shall  have  a  hump  on  each 
shoulder ;  she  shall  be  as  crooked  as  the  crescent ;  her  one  eye 
shall  roll  like  the  bull's  in  Coxe's  Museum;  she  shall  have  a  skin 
like  a  mummy  and  the  beard  of  a  Jew, — she  shall  be  all  this, — 
and  you  shall  ogle  her  all  day  and  sit  up  all  night  to  write  sonnets 
on  her  beauty."     The  question  of  conscience  ordinarily  fares  no 


CHAP.  Xlt.]  CHANCELLOR   WYTHE.  151 

better  in  tlie  courts,  in  the  customary  tilting  there  in  defence  of 
suspected  innocence. 

The  case  whicli  now  exercised  the  meditation  of  Wirt  was 
that  of  a  man,  by  the  name  of  Swinney,  charged  with  the  crime  of 
poisoning  the  venerable  Chancellor  Wythe,  who  had  just  died  in 
Richmond,  under  circumstances  which  led  to  a  strong  suspicion 
of  the  guilt  of  the  accused.  Chancellor  Wythe  was  one  of  the 
best  men  the  country  ever  produced.  Distinguished  for  the  sim- 
plicity of  his  character,  his  bland  and  amiable  manners,  his  up- 
rightness and  steadfast  devotion  to  duty,  he  was  universally  be- 
loved in  the  society  of  Richmond. 

I  am  indebted  to  a  most  estimable  gentleman,  whose  name 
frequently  appears  in  the  course  of  this  biography.  Judge  Ca- 
bell,* tiie  President  of  the  Court  of  Appeals  of  Virginia,  for 
some  recollections  of  the  Chancellor,  which  very  agreeably  con- 
firm what  has  been  often  said  of  his  gentle,  and  philanthropic 
temper;  and  which  also  afford  melancholy  testimony  as  to  the 
foul  deed  which  is  supposed  to  have  terminated  his  life. 

"  You  and  I  may  remember,"  says  the  Judge,  in  a  letter  to  Mrs. 
Wirt,  "  the  trouble  he  2"ave  himself  to  entertain  the  visiters  of 
his  young  niece.  Miss  Nelson,  who  lived  with  him  a  few  years. 
She  and  all  of  us  were  almost  children,  and  few  grown  men  would 
have  found  any  interest  in  staying  in  the  room  where  we  were. 
But  the  good  old  gentleman  brought  forth  his  philosophical  appa- 
ratus and  amused  us  by  exhibiting  experiments,  which  we  did  not 
well  comprehend,  it  is  true,  but  he  tried  to  make  us  do  so,  and  we 
felt  elevated  by  such  attentions  from  so  great  a  man. 

*  William  H.  Cabell,  the  gentleman  here  alluded  to,  now  at  the  head  of  the 
Bench  of  Virginia,  crowned  with  the  richest  honors  of  a  ripe  old  age,  and  sur- 
rounded by  an  affectionate  circle  of  friends,  married  Agnes,  the  eldest  daughter  of 
Col.  Gamble,  and  sister  of  Mrs.  Wirt.  He  represented  Amherst  county  in  the 
Legislature  of  Virginia,  from  1795  to  1805,  except  during  three  years  of  this  inter- 
val. In  1805  he  was  elected  Governor  of  the  State,  and  at  the  expiration  of  three 
years  was  appointed  to  the  Bench  of  the  General  Court.  He  was  transferred,  in 
1811,  to  the  Court  of  Appeals,  of  which  he  is,  at  this  time — 1849 — the  President. 
The  connection  between  him  and  Mr.  Wirt,  laid  the  foundation  of  an  intimate 
friendship,  which  was  increased  with  every  succeeding  year  until  death  dissolved  it. 
Many  proofs  of  this  may  be  found  in  the  correspondence  to  which  our  narrative 
hereafter  refers.  In  this  intimacy,  it  will  be  seen  also,  that  Joseph  Cabell,  the 
brother  of  the  Judge,  largely  participated. 


153  DEATH   OF    THE   CHANCELLOR.  [1806. 

"To  test  the  theory  that  there  was  no  natural  inferiority  of  in- 
tellect in  the  negro,  compared  with  the  white  man,  he  had  one  of 
his  own  servant  boys  and  one  of  his  nephews  both  educated  ex- 
actly alike.  I  believe,  however,  that  neither  of  them  did  much 
credit  to  their  teacher. 

"  The  young  men  who  studied  law  with  him,  or  who  were  oc- 
cupied in  his  service  were  all  devoted  to  him.  Henry  Clay  was 
one  of  them.  The  Chancellor  lived  to  a  very  old  age.  In  his 
appearance  he  was  thin,  rather  tall,  but  stooped  from  age  and  de- 
bility, as  he  walked  to  and  from  the  Capitol  to  his  own  house.  He 
generally  lived  alone,  but  in  his  latter  years  he  had  a  nephew  with 
him  to  whom  he  intended  to  bequeath  his  estate.  This  was  Swin- 
ney.  The  common  belief  was  that  this  man,  being  impatient  for 
his  uncle's  money,  poisoned  him.  He  was  tried  for  his  life.  Mr. 
Wirt  was  his  lawyer,  and  he  was  acquitted.  Yet  there  was  but 
little  doubt  of  his  guilt  in  the  minds  of  most  persons.  The  cook 
said  that  he  came  into  the  kitchen  and  dropped  something  white 
into  the  coffee-pot,  making  some  excuse  to  her  for  doing  so.  She 
and  another  servant  partook  of  the  coffee.  I  have  heard  that  the 
latter  died  in  consequence.  The  coffee  grounds  being  thrown  out, 
some  fowls  ate  of  them  and  died.  The  unhappy  old  gentleman 
lived  long  enough  after  taking  the  coffee  to  alter  his  will,  so  that 
the  suspected  man  got  no  portion  of  his  estate  at  last.  The  coffee 
grounds  were  examined  and  arsenic  was  found  in  abundance  min- 
gled with  them." 

This  little  sketch  presents  the  outlines  of  the  case,  as  it  was  de- 
veloped at  the  trial  and  in  the  investigations  of  the  da}'. 

Wirt's  doubts,  to  which  I  have  alluded,  upon  the  propriety  of 
engaging  in  the  defence  of  Swinney,  are  told  in  the  following  let- 
ter written  from  Williamsburg,  after  he  had  engaged  his  house  in 
Richmond,  and  in  the  moments  of  his  removal  thither. 

TO    MRS.   WIRT. 

Williamsburg,  July  13,  1S06. 
******* 
"  I  have  had  an  application  made  to  me  yesterday,  which  em- 
barrasses me  not  a  little,  and  I  wish  your  advice  upon  it.     I  dare 
say  you  have  heard  me  say  that  I  hoped  no  one  would  undertake 


CHAP.  xir. 


A    CASE    OF    CONSCIENCE.  153 


the  defence  of  Swinney,  but  that  he  would  be  left  to  the  fate 
which  he  seemed  so  justly  to  merit.     Judge  Nelson,  himself,  has 
changed,  a  good  deal,  the  course  of  my  opinions  on  this  subject, 
by  stating  that  there  was  a  difference  in  the  opinion  of  the  faculty 
in  Richmond  as  to  the  cause  of  Mr.  Wythe's  death,  and  that  the 
eminent  INIcClurg,  amongst  others,  had  pronounced  that  his  death 
was  caused  simply  by  bile  and  not  by  poison.     I  had  concluded 
that  his  innocence  was  possible,  and,  therefore,  that  it  would  not 
be  so  horrible  a  thing  to  defend  him  as,  at  first,  I  had  thought  it. 
But  I  had  scarcely  made  up  my  mind  on  this  subject,  little  sup- 
posing that  any  application  would  be  made  to  me.     Yesterday, 
however,  a  Major  A.  M.,  a  very  respectable   gentleman,  and  an 
uncle  to  Swinney  on  the  mother's  side,  came  down  in  the  stage 
from  Richmond,  and  made  that  application  in  a  manner  which  af- 
fected me  very  sensibly.     He  stated  the  distress  and  distraction  of 
his  sister,  the  mother  of  Swinney;  said  it  was  the  wish  of  the 
young  man  to  be  defended  by  me,  and  that  if  I  would  undertake 
it,  it  would  give  peace  to  his  relations.    What  shall  I  do  ?    If  there 
is  no  moral  or  professional  impropriety  in  it,  I  know  that  it  might 
be  done  in  a  manner  which  would  avert  the  displeasure  of  every 
one  from  me,  and  give  me  a  splendid  debut  in  the  metropolis. 
Judge  Nelson  says  I  ought  not  to  hesitate  a  moment  to  do  it ;  that 
no  one  can  justly  censure  me  for  it ;  and,  for  his  own  part,  he 
thinks  it  highly  proper  that  the  young  man  should  be  defended. 
Being  himself  a  relation  of  Judge  Wythe's,  and  having  the  most 
delicate  sense  of  propriety,  I  am  disposed  to  confide  very  much 
in  his  opinion.     But  I  told  Major  M.,  I  would  take  time  to  consi- 
der of  it,  and  give  him  an  answer,  at  the  farthest,  in  a  month.     I 
beg  you,  my  dear  B.,  to  consider  this  subject,  and  collect,  if  you 
can  conveniently  in  conversation,  the  opinions  of  your  parents  and 
Cabell,  and  let  me  hear  the  result.     My  conduct  through  life  is 
more  important  to  you  and  your  children  than  even  to  myself; 
for  to  my  own  heart  I  mean  to  stand  justified  by  doing  nothing 
that  I  think  wrong.     But,  for  your  sakes,  I  wish  to  do  nothing 
that  the  icorkl  shall  think  wrong.     I  would  not  have  you  or  them 
subject  to  one  reproach  hereafter  because  of  me." 

******* 
On  such  a  question  as  is  here  proposed — indeed  on  most  ques- 
tions of  conduct  or  duty, — the  sensibility  of  an  intelligent  and  vir- 


154  DEFENCE   OF   SWINNEY.  [1906. 

luous  woman  is  often  worth  more  than  all  the  dialectics  of  the 
most  accomplished  casuist,  to  discern  what  it  best  becomes  us  to 
do  in  a  matter  that  touches  our  reputation.  Her  feelings  are  but 
the  quick  perceptions  of  a  heart  that  reasons  better  than  the  mind. 
Guided  by  the  instinctive  love,  characteristic  of  her  sex,  of  what 
is  beautiful,  not  less  in  moral  than  in  physical  life,  she  lights  upon 
her  conclusion  with  a  rapidity  and  a  truth  which  outstrip  all  argu- 
ment in  speed,  and  often,  in  equal  degree,  surpass  it  in  wisdom. 
When  this  judgment  is  stimulated  by  the  affectionate  anxiety  of  a 
wife,  it  is  even  less  apt  to  stray  into  error:  the  very  tenderness  of 
her  relation  renders  it  the  more  impartial. 

How  it  fared  in  regard  to  Swinney's  case,  is  told  in  a  passage 
from  a  letter  written  within  ten  days  after  the  last.  *  *  * 
"  I  shall  defend  young  Svvinney  under  your  counsel.  My  con- 
science is  perfectly  clear,  from  the  accounts  I  hear  of  the  conflict- 
ing evidence.  Judge  Nelson  again  repeats,  on  consideration,  the 
opinion  he  before  gave  me  as  to  the  perfect  propriety  of  the 
step." 

Svvinney,  as  we  have  seen,  was  tried  and  acquitted.  I  have  no 
record  to  furnish  me  the  grounds  of  this  acquittal,  much  less  to 
enable  me  to  say  anything  of  ^'- the  splendid  debut'''' which  Wirt 
anticipated. 

It  is  not  unlikely  that  the  trial  terminated  in  favor  of  the 
accused  from  a  defect  in  the  evidence,  by  no  means  unusual  in 
those  states,  whose  statutory  law  disqualifies  a  witness  from  giving 
testimony,  upon  objections  founded  merely  in  the  race  or  blood  of 
the  person  acquainted  with  the  facts.  The  cook  in  this  case,  who 
seems  to  have  been,  perhaps,  the  only  direct  witness,  we  may 
conjecture,  was  a  negro,  and  forbidden  to  be  heard  in  a  court  of 
justice.  If  this  be  the  real  cause  of  the  acquittal,  it  presents  a 
very  striking  and  cogent  example  of  the  impolicy  of  a  law  so 
prevalent  in  the  United  States.  It  may  well  be  questioned,  whether 
more  inconvenience  and  mischief  do  not  result  from  such  legal 
restraints  as  disable  our  familiar  servants  from  testifying  to  the 
thousand  transactions  in  which  our  interest  is  concerned,  and 
under  circumstances  that  scarcely  admit  of  other  testimony,  than 
can  be  compensated  by  any  supposed  good  which  may  properly 
be  ascribed  to  the  disqualification.  Is  there,  in  fact,  any  just 
ground  of  policy  in  shutting  off  the  only  testimony  by  which  in- 


CHAP.  XII]  MUSIC.  155 

nocence  may  be  proved,  guilt  established,  or  common  matters  of 
right  determined.''  Are  not  courts  and  juries  sufficiently  able  to 
judge  of  the  credibility  of  a  witness  in  every  case  ? 

We  pass  from  these  speculations  to  the  regular  course  of  our 
narrative. 

Wirt  was  passionately  fond  of  music,  and  devoted  a  portion 
of  his  time  to  its  cultivation  throughout  every  period  of  his  life. 
The  following  playful  letter  was  written  to  commend  a  teacher  of 
the  art  to  a  friend  of  his  in  Williamsburg,  who  was  at  the  head  of 
an  academy  there. 

TO     LEROY     ANDERSON. 

Richmond,  September  25,  1806. 
Dear  Sir: 

Your  two  favors  were  received  together,  yesterday.  It  is  well 
for  me  they  were  so ;  for  having  no  pretensions  to  poetry,  either 
Ossianic  or  Horatian,  I  should  have  been  very  much  at  a  loss  how 
to  answer  your  first,  if  it  had  come  alone.  I  was  disposed  to  ask 
myself  how  it  was  possible  for  you  to  write  so  fine  a  rhapsody  on 

two  such  subjects  as  B and  myself,  until  I  recollected  the 

answer  of  the  poet  Waller  to  Charles  II.,  when  asked  why  he 
had  produced  so  superior  an  ode  on  the  death  of  Cromwell,  to  that 
in  which  he  had  celebrated  his  own  restoration .''  "  because  poetry 
excels  in  fiction."  But  your  last  has  let  me  down  to  the  tone  of 
business  and  made  me  feel  myself  at  home. 

I  know  Vogel,  he  gave  several  lessons  to  Mrs.  Wirt  in  Rich- 
mond and  in  Norfolk.  I  have  also  frequently  heard  him  play 
alone,  and  can  safely  pronounce  him  the  finest  male  performer  on 

the  piano  that  I  have  ever  heard.     But  like  his  predecessor  B 

he   is   a  son  of  Anacreon ; — not  that  his  potations  are  either  so 

frequent  or  so  deep  as  poor  B 's,  but  the  ladies,  his  scholars 

in  Norfolk,  sometimes  complained  of  neglect,  which  was  attributed 
to  frolics  over-night.  In  Williamsburg  he  will  have  fewer  tempta- 
tions and  I  dare  say  will  do  better. 

There  is  a  little  fellow  here,  by  the  name  of ,  of  whose  skill 

in  music  the  ladies  and  other  connoisseurs  of  Richmond  speak 
very  highly.  But  he  is  only  about  seventeen,  and  they  tell  me 
(for  I  have  not  seen  him)  a  perfect  Adonis.     I  would  speak  to  him 


156  FRANCIS    W.    GILMER.  [1806. 

in  the  manner  you  direct,  but  that  I  remember  a  novel  called  "  Miss 
Beverly,"  which  I  read  when  a  boy.  She  is  represented  as  the 
daughter  of  respectable  parents,  w^ho,  at  the  budding  age,  had  a 
young  beau  introduced  into  the  house  as  her  music  master.  Her 
fancy  was  set  agog  by  him  and  never  rested  afterwards.  This  to 
be  sure  is  fiction,  but  it  is  in  nature,  and  I  should  apprehend  that 
such  a  fellow,  as is  said  to  be,  might  put  to  flight  the 

"Q,uips  and  cranks  and  playful  wiles 
Nods  and  becks  and  wreathed  smiles/' 

of  your  academy,  and  introduce  the  sigh  and  tear  of  midnight  in 
their  place.  Nevertheless,  if  you  say  so,  instruct  me,  and  I  will 
speak  to  him. 

On  further  recollection,  there  is,  I  think,  a  Mrs.  C here, 

who  also  teaches  music.  I  will  know  with  certainty  before  next 
week  and  whether  she  will  be  willing  to  remove  to  Williamsburg, 
on  the  terms  you  propose.  Her  answer  I  will  deliver  in  person, 
and  you  may  choose  between  her  and  Vogel. 

Poor  B !  I  am  really  sorry  for  him,  for  he  was  a  harmless 

being,  with  as  gentle  a  soul  as  any  man  ever  had.  But  I  dare  say 
"  death  came  like  a  friend  to  release  him  from  pain."  In  the 
Elysian  shades  he  may  rove  and  feast  on  harmony  among  spirits  as 
gentle  as  his  own,  unmolested  by  any  painful  remembrance  of 
home  and  the  discordant  shrieks  of  his  Alecto.  Suppose  you  give 
him  an  epitaph  or  a  monody. 

I  am  much  obliged  to  you  for  the  concern  which  you  express 
for  my  health.  It  was  a  slight  touch  of  the  ague  and  fever :  a 
mere  piece  of  ceremony  by  way  of  conferring  on  me  the  freedom 
of  the  city.     It  is  entirely  over. 

With  the  best  wishes  for  your  prosperity  and  happiness, 
I  am,  dear  sir, 

Your  friend  and  servant, 

W^M.  Wirt. 

Francis  Walker  Gilmer,  whom  we  have  heretofore  noticed, 
was  now  approaching  to  manhood.  He  had  resolved  to  devote 
his  studies  to  the  science  of  medicine,  and  had  partially  entered 
upon  that  pursuit.  It  will  be  seen  hereafter  that  he  found  reason, 
at  a  later  period  of  his  life,  to  change  this  profession  for  the  law. 


CHAP.  XII.]  LETTER   TO    HIM.  157 

in  which  he  gave  the  strongest  promise  of  eminent  success.  Mr. 
Wirt  had  not  so  far  alienated  himself  from  the  memory  and  attach- 
ments of  Pen  Park  as  to  lose  his  interest  in  the  family  which  yet 
inhabited  there.  Death  had  made  his  usual  ravages  in  the  family 
circle,  but  the  heart  of  him  who  had  been  so  tenderly  fostered 
under  that  roof,  lost  nothing  of  its  original  reverence  for  those 
who  were  departed,  nor  of  its  kind  solicitude  for  the  welfare  of 
those  who  survived.  This  interest  was  cherished  on  both  sides 
by  frequent  correspondence,  but  more  particularly  by  that  with 
Francis,  who  had  grown  to  be  an  especial  favorite  with  his  bro- 
ther-in-law. In  this  letter  we  get  some  agreeable  glimpses  of 
Pen  Park  and  its  inmates. 


TO    FRANCIS    W.    GILMER. 

Richmond,  October  9th,  1806. 
My  Dear  Francis: 

Your  favor  of  the  4th  ult.  came  regularly  to  hand,  and  gave 
me  all  the  pleasure  you  wished  and  intended.  It  has  been  lying 
ever  since,  in  the  drawer  of  my  writing  chair,  waiting  for  an  in- 
terval of  leisure  to  answer  it.  I  am  sure  I  need  not  tell  you  what 
a  source  of  delight  it  is  to  me  to  receive  these  assurances  that  my 
brothers  and  sisters  of  Albemarle  still  regard  me  as  one  of  the  same 
family,  although  sundered  from  them  by  my  destiny.  The  mis- 
fortunes of  Pen  Park  have,  indeed,  scattered  us  all  most  wofully, 
and  placed  us  in  every  variety  of  circumstances  and  situation. 
Let  it  be  the  object  of  the  survivors  to  soften  these  misfortunes 
and  their  consequences,  as  well  as  they  can,  by  cherishing  for 
each  other  the  most  cordial  affection,  and  reciprocally  plucking 
from  the  path  of  life  each  thorn  of  care  and  sorrow  as  we  go 
along.  You,  my  dear  Francis,  and  your  brothers,  will  have  a  far- 
ther, and  if  possible,  a  still  sweeter  office  to  perform.  To  raise 
the  name  of  Gilmer  from  the  tomb,  and  crown  it  with  fresh 
lionors.  I  have  seen  that  name  honored  and  highly  honored, 
for  genius,  science  and  virtue.  The  recollection  is  very  dear  to 
my  heart.  For  what  is  lost  I  console  myself  with  the  hope  that 
I  shall  live  to  see  the  day,  when  the  family  will  rise  to  all  its 
former  reputation  for  superior  endowments,  both  of  the  mind  and 
heart;  and  even  bloom  with  more  extended  and  diversified  honors. 
VOL.  1—14 


158  DOCTOR   GILMER.  [1806. 

The  genius  of  the  family  is  not  lost.  I  am  charmed  to  see  it 
inherited  in  such  abundance,  and  I  cannot  believe  that  its  inher- 
itors will,  for  want  of  energy  and  enterprise,  fail  to  replace  it  on 
the  roll  of  fame. 

Peachy,  I  hear,  is  contributing  his  quota  towards  its  restora- 
tion, by  making  very  strenuous  and  successful  exertions  in  Henry 
county.  He  has  a  good  deal  of  his  father's  cast  of  character,  and, 
among  other  qualities,  will  I  think,  possess  the  same  manly  and 
impressive  eloquence  for  which  he  was  remarkable.  The  bar 
will  afford  him  a  field  for  its  display  which  his  father  had  not. 
And  therefore,  if  his  exertions  continue,  he  cannot  fail  to  enlarge 
the  sphere  of  the  family  distinction  on  this  head.  You,  I  under- 
stand, purpose  to  follow  your  father's  profession.  The  science 
of  medicine  is,  I  believe,  said  to  be  progressive  and  to  be  daily 
receiving  new  improvements.  You  will  therefore  have  a  wide  field 
to  cultivate,  and  will  take  the  profession  on  a  grander  scale.  It 
will  be  your  own  fault  therefore  if  you  do  not,  as  a  physician,  fill 
a  larger  space  in  the  public  eye.  But  the  space  which  your  father 
occupied  was  filled  not  merely  by  his  eminence  as  a  physician, 
(although  he  was  certainly  amongst  the  most  eminent) ;  he  was 
moreover  a  good  linguist,  a  master  of  botany,  and  the  chem- 
istry of  his  day,  had  a  store  of  very  correct  general  science,  was 
a  man  of  superior  taste  in  the  fine  arts,  and,  to  crown  the  whole, 
had  an  elevated  and  a  noble  spirit.  In  his  manners  and  conver- 
sation he  was  a  most  accomplished  gentleman ;  easy  and  graceful 
in  his  movements,  eloquent  in  speech;  in  temper,  gay  and  animated, 
and  inspiring  every  company  with  his  own  tone;  with  wit  pure, 
sparkling  and  perennial ;  and  when  the  occasion  called  for  it, 
uttering  sentiments  of  the  highest  dignity,  and  utmost  force.  Such 
was  your  father,  before  disease  had  sapped  his  mind  and  consti- 
tution, and  such  the  model  which,  as  your  brother,  I  would  wish 
you  to  adopt.  It  will  be  a  model  much  more  easy  for  you  to  form 
yourself  on,  than  any  other,  because  it  will  be  natural  to  you ; 
for,  I  well  remember  to  have  remarked,  when  you  were  scarcely 
four  years  old,  how  strongly  nature  had  given  you  the  cast  of 
your  father's  character.  If  he  had  lived  and  enjoyed  his  health 
until  you  had  grown  to  manhood,  you  would  have  been  his  exact 
counterpart.     All  that  you  can  do  now  is,  to  form  to  yourself  by 


CHAP.  XII.]  ADMONITIONS.  159 

the  descriptions  of  others,  an  exact  image  of  your  father  in  his 
meridian,  and  even,  if  possible,  to  surpass  him. 

Endeavor  to  cultivate  that  superior  grace  of  manners  which 
distinguishes  the  gentleman  from  the  crowd  around  him.  In  your 
conversation  avoid  a  rapid  and  indistinct  utterance,  and  speak 
deliberately  and  articulately.  Your  father  was  remarkable  for  his 
clear  and  distinct  enunciation,  and  the  judgment  with  which  he 
placed  his  emphasis.  Blend  with  the  natural  hilarity  of  your 
temper,  that  dignity  of  sentiment  and  demeanor,  which  alone  can 
prevent  the  wit  and  humorist  from  sinking  into  a  trifler,  and  can 
give  him  an  effective  attitude  in  society. 

Get  a  habit,  a  passion  for  reading, — not  flying  from  book  to 
book,  with  the  squeamish  caprice  of  a  literary  epicure,  but  ac- 
cording to  the  course  which  INIr.  Robertson  will  prescribe  to  you. 
Read  systematically,  closely  and  thoughtfully,  analyzing  every 
subject  as  you  go  along,  and  laying  it  up  carefully  and  safely  in 
your  memory.  It  could  have  been  only  by  this  mode  that  your 
father  gained  so  much  correct  information  on  such  a  variety  of 
subjects.  Determine  with  yourself  that  no  application  shall  be 
wanting  to  lift  you  to  the  heights  of  public  notice,  and,  if  you  find 
your  spirits  and  attention  beginning  to  flag,  think  of  being  buried 
all  your  life  in  obscurity,  confounded  with  the  gross  and  ignorant 
herd  around  you.  But  there  are  yet  more  animating  and  more 
noble  motives  for  this  emulation ;  the  power  of  doing  more  exten- 
sive good,  by  gaining  a  larger  theatre  and  increasing  the  number 
of  objects;  the  pure  delight  of  hearing  one's  self  blessed,  for 
benevolent  and  virtuous  actions,  and,  as  a  still  more  unequivocal 
and  rapturous  proof  of  gratitude,  "  reading  that  blessing  in  a 
nation's  eyes :"  add  to  this,  the  communicating  the  beneficial 
etfects  of  this  fame  to  our  friends  and  relations;  the  having  it  in 
our  power  to  requite  past  favors,  and  to  take  humble  and  indigent 
genius  by  the  hand,  and  lead  it  forward  to  the  notice  of  the  world. 
These  are  a  kw^  and  but  a  few,  of  the  good  effects  of  improving 
one's  talents  to  the  highest  point  by  careful  and  constant  study, 
and  aspiring  to  distinction. 

I  am  very  much  pleased  with  your  letter.  You  read  the 
classics  with  a  discrimination  of  taste  and  judgment  unusual  at 
your  years,  and  therefore  the  more  honorable  to  you.  I  concur 
with  you  in  your  remarks  upon  the  iEneid  of  Virgil,  as  well  as 


160  ADMONITIONS.  [1S06. 

the  Odes  of  Anacreon.  I  am  fond  of  a  vivid  picture,  painted  to 
the  fancy,  such  as  VirgiPs  storm.  Anacreon,  too,  is  thought  a 
good  describer,  in  his  way ;  but  his  way  is  a  very  bad  one,  and 
his  odes  can  be  estimated  and  enjoyed  only  by  the  debauchee  who 
has  himself  rolled  in  the  sensualities  on  which  alone  the  genius  of 
Anacreon  seems  to  have  luxuriated,  I  hope  you  will  never 
possess  this  test  for  judging  his  merit.  You  will  gratify  me  by- 
writing  to  me  often,  and  if  you  will  allow  me  to  write  to  you 
like  an  elder  brother,  who  would  wish  you  to  profit  by  his  own 
experience,  and  to  attain  all  those  honors  which  he  has  missed, 
you  shall  hear  from  me  as  often  as  I  can  find  a  leisure  hour.  My 
love  to  our  brothers  and  sisters  when  you  see  them.  Let  me  be 
remembered  to  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Meriwether  and  Mr.  R.  Robertson; 
all  of  whom  I  very  much  esteem. 

Your  friend  and  brother, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CHAPTER    XIII. 

180  7. 

AAROM  BUr.R  BROUGHT  TO  RICHMOND.— INDICTED  FOR  TREASON— WIRT  RE- 
TAINED AS  COUNSEL  BY  THE  GOVERNMENT.— THE  TRIAL — SOME  OF  ITS 
INCIDENTS THE  ASPERITY  OF  COUNSEL EXTRACTS  OF  THE  ARGUMENT. 

The  year  1807  is  memorable  in  the  life  of  Wirt  as  the  year 
of  the  trial  of  Aaron  Burr. 

Burr's  conspiracy  is  one  of  the  most  extraordinary  incidents 
connected  with  the  history  of  this  country.  Whether  it  were  the 
mere  dream  of  a  bold,  ambitious  and  wicked  citizen,  or  his  medi- 
tated and  prepared  enterprise,  enough  has  been  brought  to  light, 
in  the  investigation  of  that  incident,  to  excite  the  amazement  of 
every  one  that  a  man  so  eminent,  so  gifted  with  splendid  talents, 
and  so  able  to  appreciate  the  character  and  temper  of  the  Ameri- 
can people,  should  have  permitted  himself  to  fall  into  the  infatua- 
tion of  even  an  idle  speculation  upon  his  power  to  accomplish 
what,  from  all  the  evidence  which  has  been  divulged,  we  are 
hardly  at  liberty  to  disbelieve  was  his  purpose. 

It  seems  certain  that  Burr  entertained  some  visionary  notion  of 
his  ability  to  produce  a  revolution  in  the  government  at  the  Capi- 
tal ;  that  he  talked  familiarly  of  expelling  the  President,  and  with 
no  more  than  "the  Marine  Corps"  at  Washington,  of  driving,  if 
need  were,  the  Congress  "into  the  Potomac."  That  he  aban- 
doned this  project,  for  one  which  he  supposed  more  practicable — 
the  separation  of  the  Union  and  the  erection  of  a  Western  Con- 
federacy beyond  the  Allegany.  That  finding  this,  upon  more  ma- 
ture reflection,  somewhat  too  arduous  for  his  means,  he  finally 
sought  the  gratification  of  his  restless  and  too  prurient  desire  of 
fame,  in  a  scheme  to  invade  Mexico  and  make  himself  master  of 
those  fair  domains. 

The  ill  will  engendered  particularly  throughout  the  Southern 
States  against  Spain,  by  her  offensive  policy  in  regard  to  the  navir 
gation  of  the  Mississippi,  and  her  still  more  offensive  proceedings 

VOL.    1  —  14* 


162  BURR'S    CONSPIRACY.  [1807. 

afterwards,  and  the  constant  expectation  of  a  collision  with  that 
power,  furnished  a  basis  for  this  scheme  of  Burr's,  which  gave  it 
a  substantial  aspect  and  brought  it  within  the  category  of  things 
of  probable  accomplishment.  The  other  schemes  were  but  the 
madness  of  the  moon  in  comparison. 

Mr.  Jefferson  had,  with  most  commendable  caution  and  address, 
though  not  without  great  difficulty,  restrained  the  exasperated 
spirit  of  our  people  from  an  assault  upon  the  Spanish  provinces 
beyond  the  Mississippi; — an  assault  which  would,  at  that  day,  have 
anticipated  the  brilliant  achievements  which  have  recently  placed 
an  American  army  in  the  ancient  city  of  Mexico.  Then,  as  now, 
it  would  only  have  been  necessary  for  the  government  to  give  per- 
mission to  the  thousands  and  tens  of  thousands  who  find  in  war  a 
pastime  and  a  profit,  to  have  overrun  Mexico  with  the  force  of  a 
torrent. 

"  No  better  proof,"  says  Mr.  Jefferson  in  a  letter  to  Mr.  Bow- 
doin,  "of  the  good  faith  of  the  United  States  could  have  been 
given,  than  the  vigor  with  which  we  have  acted  and  the  expense 
incurred  in  suppressing  the  enterprise  meditated  lately  by  Burr 
against  Mexico.  Although,  at  first,  he  proposed  a  separation  of 
the  Western  country,  and  on  that  ground  received  encouragement 
and  aid  from  Yrujo,  according  to  the  usual  spirit  of  his  govern- 
ment towards  us,  yet  he  very  early  saw  that  the  fidelity  of  the 
Western  country  was  not  to  be  shaken,  and  turned  himself  wholly 
towards  Mexico.  And  so  popular  is  an  enterprise  on  that  coun- 
try in  this,  that  ice  had  only  to  lie  still,  and  he  would  have  had  fol- 
lowers enough  to  have  been  in  the  city  of  JMexico  in  six  weeks.'*'' 

In  a  letter  afterwards  to  La  Fayette,  he  remarked,  "nothing  has 
ever  so  strongly  proved  the  innate  force  of  our  form  of  govern- 
ment as  this  conspiracy.  Burr  had  probably  engaged  one  thousand 
men  to  follow  his  fortunes,  without  letting  them  know  his  projects, 
otherwise  than  by  assuring  them  the  government  approved  of  them. 
The  moment  a  proclamation  was  issued,  undeceiving  them,  he 
found  himself  left  with  about  thirty  desperadoes  only.  The 
people  rose  in  mass  wherever  he  was,  or  was  suspected  to  be, 
and  by  their  own  energy  the  thing  was  crushed  in  one  instant, 
without  its  having  been  necessary  to  employ  a  man  of  the  military, 
but  to  take  care  of  their  respective  stations.  His  first  enterprise 
was  to  have  been  to  seize  New  Orleans,  which  he  supposed  would 


CHAP.  Xlir.]  HIS    ARREST.  163 

powerfully  bridle  the  upper  country,  and  place  him  at  the  door  of 
Mexico.  It  is  with  pleasure  I  inform  you  that  not  a  single  native 
Creole,  and  but  one  American,  of  those  settled  there  before  we 
received  the  place,  took  any  part  with  him.  Ilis  partisans  were 
the  new  emigrants  from  the  United  States  and  elsewhere,  fugitives 
from  justice  or  debt,  and  adventurers  and  speculators  of  all 
descriptions." 

Burr  had  been  arrested  in  January  on  the  Mississippi,  had  been 
subjected  to  an  examination  at  Washington,  in  Mississippi  Ter- 
ritory, and  detained  in  custody  to  be  sent  to  the  capital  of  the 
United  States.  He  had  escaped  from  this  custody,  and  was  soon 
afterwards  arrested  near  Fort  Stoddard  on  the  Tombigbee,  making 
his  way  to  Mobile.  Upon  this  he  was  conducted  to  Richmond  to 
be  tried  on  a  charge  of  high  treason.  He  arrived  here  on  the  26 Ih 
of  March.  Wirt  was  then  in  Williamsburg.  A  letter  from  him  to 
his  wife  on  the  20th,  alludes  to  the  fact  of  Burr's  expected  trial. 

"  Your  letter  gave  me  the  first  tidings  of  the  apprehension  of 
Burr  and  his  being  sent  to  Richmond.  This  was  news  indeed. 
Since  I  came  here  this  evening,  I  understand  he  arrived  in  Rich- 
mond on  Thursday  night  in  the  same  disguise  in  which  he  was 
apprehended;  and,  farther,  that  he  has  engaged  Randolph  and 
Wickham  in  his  defence.  I  should  not  be  much  surprised  if  he  is 
discharged  on  a  petition  to  the  judge,  or  let  to  bail,  and  make  his 
escape  again.  If  the  man  is  really  innocent  these  persecutions  will 
put  the  devil  in  his  head,  unless  he  is  more  than  man  in  magna- 
nimity." 

The  primary  examination  of  the  prisoner  was  made  before  Chief 
Justice  Marshall  on  the  30th  and  31st  of  March.  This  was  con- 
ducted by  Caesar  A.  Rodney,  the  Attorney  General  of  the  United 
States,  and  George  Hay,  the  Attorney  for  the  District  of  Virginia, 
Messrs.  Wickham  and  Randolph  appearing  for  Burr.  The  result 
was,  a  commitment  upon  the  charge  of  a  misdemeanor  in  setting  on 
foot  a  military  expedition  against  the  dominions  of  the  King  of 
Spain, — the  court  refusing  to  include  in  the  commitment  the  cliarge 
of  treason  which  had  been  urged  by  the  counsel  for  the  United 
States. 

Colonel  Burr  was  in  consequence  admitted  to  bail  upon  a  recog- 
nizance to  appear  in  the  Circuit  Court  at  its  next  term  on  the  22d 
of  May. 


164  PUT    UPON   HIS    TRIAL.  [1907. 

The  case  was  again  taken  up  at  the  appointed  day,  the  Chief 
Justice  and  Judge  Griffin  presiding''  in  the  court.  Colonel  Burr 
now  appeared  with  two  additional  counsel,  Messrs.  Botts  and 
Baker.  On  the  part  of  the  prosecution,  Mr.  Rodney  having 
withdrawn,  Mr.  Hay  was  assisted  by  Mr.  Wirt  and  Mr.  MacRae- 

A  grand  jury,  consisting  of  some  of  the  most  eminent  citizens 
of  Virginia,  with  John  Randolph  of  Roanoke,  as  the  foreman, 
was  sworn  on  that  day.  After  several  adjournments  and  many 
protracted  discussions  between  the  counsel,  upon  the  nature  of  the 
evidence  to  be  submitted  to  them,  and  on  other  collateral  topics, 
the  grand  jury  finally,  on  the  24th  of  June,  brought  in  indict- 
ments, both  for  treason  and  misdemeanor,  against  Aaron  Burr  and 
Herman  Blennerhasset,  which  were  followed,  in  two  days,  by 
similar  indictments  against  Jonathan  Dayton,  John  Smith,  Comfort 
Tyler,  Israel  Smith  and  Davis  Floyd. 

Colonel  Burr,  on  the  same  day  that  these  last  indictments  were 
presented,  pleaded  not  guilty,  and  the  trial  was  postponed  until 
the  3d  of  August. 

Without  saying  more,  at  present,  as  to  the  incidents  of  the  trial, 
or  making  any  reference  to  the  facts  brought  into  proof,  or  the 
points  of  law  discussed,  it  will  be  sufficient  to  note  that  a  most  ela- 
borate and  profound  opinion  was  delivered  by  the  Chief  Justice, 
which  excluded  from  the  case,  as  it  was  affirmed,  a  large  amount 
of  testimony  which  might  have  shown  Burr's  intentions,  and  thus, 
on  the  1st  of  September,  put  an  end  to  the  trial  on  the  indictment 
for  treason.  The  verdict  was  :  "  We  of  the  jury  say  that  Aaron 
Burr  is  not  proved  to  be  guilty  under  this  indictment,  by  any  evi- 
dence submitted  to  us.     We  therefore  find  him  not  guilty." 

The  indictment  for  the  misdemeanor,  met  the  same  fate.  The 
opinion  of  the  court,  in  that  case,  excluded  the  testimony  relied 
on,  and  the  jury  again  found  a  verdict  of  not  guilty. 

Upon  this,  the  traverser  was  committed  and  held  to  bail,  to 
answer  in  Ohio,  on  the  charge  of  setting  on  foot  and  providing 
the  means  for  a  military  expedition  against  the  territories  of 
Spain. 

In  a  letter  of  Colonel  Burr's,  to  his  daughter,  dated  October 
23,  1807,  we  find  the  following  notice  of  the  event : 

"  After  all,  this  is  a  drawn  battle.  The  Chief  Justice  gave  his 
opinion  on  Tuesday.     After  declaring  that  there  were  no  grounds 


CHAP.  XIII.]  HIS    REFLECTIONS    UPON    IT.  165 

of  suspicion,  as  to  the  treason,  he  directed  that  Burr  and  Bleniier- 
hasset  should  give  bail  in  three  thousand  dollars,  for  further  trial 
in  Ohio.  The  opinion  was  a  matter  of  regret  and  surprise  to  the 
friends  of  the  Chief  Justice,  and  of  ridicule  to  his  enemies, — all 
believing  that  it  was  a  sacrifice  of  principle  to  conciliate  Jack 
Cade.  Mr.  Hay  immediately  said  that  he  should  advise  the 
government  to  desist  from  further  prosecution.  That  he  has 
actually  so  advised,  there  is  no  doubt." 

The  conduct  of  Burr,  throughout  the  trial,  was  in  keeping  with 
this  insinuation  against  the  firmness  and  integrity  of  Chief  Justice 
Marshall.  There  is  apparent,  in  his  demeanor,  during  the  trial  and 
before  it,  an  atfectation  of  innocence,  which,  under  the  circum- 
stances, almost  partakes  of  insolent  defiance,  and  which  very  sig- 
nificantly accords  with  the  bold  and  confident  character  of  his 
w^hole  scheme.  He  seems  to  have  regarded  his  enterprise  almost 
as  an  act  of  beneficence  to  the  country,  and  the  attempt  to  arrest 
it  as  somewhat  in  the  light  of  insult  and  persecution.  "  You 
have  read  to  very  little  purpose,"  he  says,  in  a  letter  to  his 
daughter,  during  the  pendency  of  the  trial,  "  if  you  have  not  re- 
marked that  such  things  happen  in  all  democratic  governments. 
Was  there  in  Greece  or  Rome,  a  man  of  virtue  and  independence, 
and  supposed  to  possess  great  lalents,  who  was  not  the  object  of 
vindictive  and  unrelenting  persecution.''" 

And  again, 

"I  want  an  independent  and  discerning  witness  to  my  conduct, 
and  to  that  of  the  government.  The  scenes  which  have  passed, 
and  those  about  to  be  transacted,  will  exceed  all  reasonable  credi- 
bility, and  will  hereafter  be  deemed  fables,  unless  attested  by  very 
high  authority." 

These  are  curious  revelations  of  feeling  in  contrast  with  the 
facts  divulged  upon  the  trial.  Judge  Marshall, — whose  opinions 
in  this  case  were,  like  all  the  other  exhibitions  of  his  judicial 
character,  fraught  with  the  calm  and  impartial  spirit  of  justice 
itself,  and  distinguished  for  their  legal  shrewdness  and  depth, — did 
not  escape  some  animadversions  from  the  side  of  the  government, 
as  well  as  this  of  the  prisoner;  but  the  country  has  not  failed  to 
render  full  honor  to  the  purity  as  well  as  the  wisdom  of  the 
mind  which  guided  the  issues  of  this  celebrated  trial. 


166  INCIDENTS    OF    THE   TRIAL.  [1S07. 

We  come  now  to  present  some  of  the  leading  features  of  the 
case,  so  far  as  Wirt's  participation  in  it  may  be  of  interest.  In 
doing  this  I  shall  make  a  few  extracts  from  his  speeches,  by  no 
means  designing  to  fatigue  the  reader  with  a  detail  either  of  the 
facts  or  the  law  of  the  case,  which,  indeed,  may  only  be  properly 
understood  by  a  reference  to  the  trial  itself.  But  as  Wirt  ob- 
tained by  his  labors  in  this  trial  a  large  increase  of  popularity, 
both  at  the  bar  and  with  the  country,  it  will  not  be  considered  as 
inappropriate  to  the  subject  before  us,  to  cull  from  the  report  of 
it  such  passages  or  incidents  as  may  be  characteristic  of  the  coun- 
sel whose  name  has  become  so  favorably  connected  with  it. 

The  trial  was  remarkable  for  the  asperity  with  which  it  was 
conducted  on  both  sides.  Almost  in  the  first  stage  of  its  progress 
the  court  was  obliged  to  comment  upon  the  temper  displayed  by 
counsel. 

An  application  was  made  by  Col.  Burr  for  a  subpoena  to  the 
President  of  the  United  States,  with  a  clause  requiring  him  to 
produce  a  letter  which  he  had  received  from  Gen.  Wilkinson, 
dated  21  October,  1806;  and  also  to  produce  copies  of  certain 
orders  which  had  been  issued  by  the  government  relative  to  the 
arrest. 

This  application  was  resisted  on  one  ground,  amongst  others, 
that  the  relevancy  or  materiality  of  the  papers  referred  to  was  not 
shown, — the  affidavit  in  the  case  being  "  that  the  said  letter  may 
be  material "  to  the  defence.     A  long  debate  ensued. 

Mr.  Wirt  said  in  the  course  of  this  debate — "  We  do  not 
deny  that  a  subpoena  may  be  issued  to  summon  the  President,  and 
that  he  is  as  amenable  to  that  process  as  any  other  citizen.  * 

*  *         I  shall  show  that  the  suhpcena  duces  tecum  is 

not  a  process  of  right,  but  that  the  application  is  addressed  to  the 
discretion  of  the  court — 

"  Mr.  Wickham. — This  is  admitted. 

"  Mr.  Wirt. — I  thank  you  for  the  admission.  You  have  relieved 
me  from  the  unnecessary  trouble  of  so  much  of  my  argument. 
The  question  then  is,  by  what  circumstances  should  that  discre- 
tion be  controlled }  Should  it  be  by  the  mere  wish  of  the  pris- 
oner ?  If  so,  it  is  in  vain  that  the  court  possesses  any  discretion 
on  the  subject.  The  prisoner  has  but  to  ask  and  have.  Consider 
this  wide  and  bold  doctrine  on  the  ground  of  expediency.    Would 


CHAP.  XIII.  AN   ARGUMENT.  167 

you  summon  any  private  individual,  from  the  remotest  part  of  the 
United  States,  to  produce  a  paper  on  the  mere  wish  of  the  pris- 
oner, without  defining  the  paper  and  showing  how  it  bore  on  his 
defence  ?  If  you  would,  you  put  the  pursuits  and  the  peace  of 
every  individual  in  the  United  States  at  the  mercy  of  the  prisoner's 
caprice  and  resentments.  This  argument  from  inconvenience  as- 
sumes an  attitude  of  most  awful  and  alarming  importance  when 
you  extend  it  to  a  case  like  this  before  the  court.  A  prisoner  has 
seldom  any  cordial  amity  for  the  government  by  which  he  is  pro- 
secuted for  a  crime.  The  truth  is,  he  feels  himself  in  a  state  of 
war  with  that  government,  and  the  more  desperate  his  case  the 
more  ardent  will  be  his  spirit  of  revenge.  Would  you  expose  the 
offices  of  state  to  be  ravaged  at  the  mere  pleasure  of  a  prisoner, 
who,  if  he  feels  that  he  must  fall,  would  pant  for  nothing  more 
anxiously  than  '  to  grace  his  fall  and  make  his  ruin  glorious,'  by 
dragging  down  with  him  the  bright  and  splendid  edifice  of  the 
government.''  Sir,  if  Aaron  Burr  has  the  right,  at  his  mere  wish, 
to  call  one  paper  from  the  government,  he  has  the  same  right  to 
call  any  other;  and  so,  one  after  another,  might  divulge  every 
document  and  secret  of  state,  however  delicate  our  foreign  rela- 
tions might  be,  and  however  ruinous  the  disclosure  to  the  honor 
and  prosperity  of  the  country. 

"It  is  much  to  be  wished  that  a  rule  could  be  devised  which, 
while  it  would  protect  the  rights  of  the  prisoner,  should  also  pro- 
tect the  public  offices  from  being  wantonly  and  unnecessarily  vio- 
lated. I  think  there  is  such  a  rule.  It  is  this :  By  requiring  that 
the  prisoner,  who  calls  for  a  paper,  should  show  that  the  paper 
applies  to  his  case  and  is  requisite  for  his  defence.  When  he  shall 
have  done  this,  I  hold  that  he  is  entitled  to  call  for  any  paper. 
It  will  then  rest  with  the  President  of  the  United  States,  the  offi- 
cer appointed  by  the  people  to  watch  over  the  national  safety,  to 
say  whether  that  safety  will  be  endangered  by  divulging  the  paper. 
******* 

"  Again,  sir.  I  have  never  seen  or  heard  of  an  instance  of  this 
process  being  required  to  bring  forward  any  paper,  but  where  such 
a  paper  was  in  its  nature  evidence,  for  which  either  party  had  an 
equal  right  to  call,  and  to  use  it  when  produced.  But  it  is  obvious 
that,  in  this  case  and  in  the  present  state  of  things,  we  could  not 
•use  the  letter  of  General  Wilkinson  as  evidence  ;  although  the  op- 


168  AN   ARGUMENT. 


[1807. 


posite  party  should  obtain  his  subpoena  duces  tecum  for  this  paper, 
and  would  seem  thereby  to  have  made  it  evidence,  and  introduced 
it  into  the  cause.     Yet  after  it  comes  we  cannot  use  it :  hence  there 
is  no  reciprocity  in  it.     The  paper  is  not,  at  present,  evidence 
and  therefore  is  not  within  the  principle  on  which  this  process  is 
awarded.     One  more  remark  on  this  letter,  and  I  have  done  with 
it.     I  am  no  more  an  advocate  for  the  needless  multiplication  of 
state  secrets,  than  the  gentleman  who  has  preceded  me.     It  looks 
too  much  like  the  mysteries  of  monarchy ;  and  I  hate  monarchy 
with  all  its  mysteries,  as  I  do  the  mysterious  movements  of  those 
who  are  lovers  of  monarchy.     Yet  it  is  obvious,  that  there  may  be 
cases  in  which  the  very  safety  of  the  state  may  depend  on  conceal- 
ing the  views  and  operations  of  the  government.     I  will  instance 
this  very  letter.     I  do  not  know  Avhat  it  contains;  but  it  is  from 
the  general  who  commands  on  the  Spanish  frontier.     That  the 
state  of  our  affairs  was  and  is,  with  Spain,  not  the  most  amicable 
is  well  understood.     We  know  that  our  affairs  in  that  quarter 
wear,  even  at  this  time,  the  most  lowering  aspect.     Suppose  this 
letter  should  contain  a  scheme  of  war,  a  project  of  attack, — would 
it  be  proper  to  divulge  and  proclaim  it  even  to  Spain  herself.^'     If 
the  letter  contains  such  a  thing,  I  have  no  doubt  that  the  President 
ought  to  and  will  conceal  at  least  so  much  of  it.     This,  however, 
will  be  a  question  with  him,  when  the  paper  shall  be  called  for ; 
and  a  question  which  he  alone  is  competent  to  decide. 

******* 

"I  cannot  take  my  seat,  sir,  without  expressing  my  deep  and 
sincere  sorrow  at  the  policy  which  the  gentlemen  in  the  defence 
have  thought  it  necessary  to  adopt.  As  to  Mr.  Martin,  I  should 
have  been  willing  to  impute  this  fervid  language  to  the  sympathies 
and  resentments  of  that  friendship  which  he  has  taken  such  fre- 
quent occasions  to  express  for  the  prisoner,  his  honorable  friend. 
In  the  cause  of  friendship  I  can  pardon  zeal  even  up  to  the  point 
of  intemperance ;  but  the  truth  is,  sir,  that  before  Mr.  Martin  came 
to  Richmond,  this  policy  was  settled;  and  on  every  question  inci- 
dentally brought  before  the  court,  we  were  stunned  with  invectives 
against  the  administration.  I  appeal  to  your  recollection,  sir, 
wiiether  this  policy  was  not  manifested  even  so  early  as  in  those 
new  and  until  now  unheard  of  challenges  to  the  grand  jury  for 
favor .^     Whether  that  policy  was  not  followed  up  with  increased 


CHAP.  Xni.]  PRELIMINARY   DISCUSSION.  169 


spirit,  in  the  very  first  speeches  which  were  made  in  this  case ; 
those  of  Mr.  Botts  and  Mr.  Wickham  on  their  previous  question 
pending  the  attorney's  motion  to  commit  ?  Whether  they  have  not 
seized  with  avidity  every  subsequent  occasion,  and  on  every  mere 
question  of  abstract  law  before  the  court,  flew  off  at  a  tangent 
from  the  subject,  to  launch  into  declamations  against  the  govern- 
ment.?    Exhibiting  the  prisoner  continually  as  a  persecuted  patriot: 
a  Russell  or  a  Sidney,  bleeding  under  the  scourge  of  a  despot,  and 
dying  for  virtue's  sake!     If  there  be  any  truth  in  the  charges 
against  him,  how  different  were  the  purposes  of  his  soul  from 
those  of  a  Russell  or  a  Sidney!     I  beg  to  know  what  gentlemen 
can  intend,  expect,  or  hope,  from  these  perpetual  philippics  against 
the  government .?     Do  they  flatter  themselves  that  this  court  feel 
political  prejudices  which  will  supply  the  place  of  argument  and 
innocence  on  the  part  of  the  prisoner?     Their  conduct  amounts  to 
an  insinuation  of  the  sort.     But  I  do  not  believe  it.     On  the  con- 
trary, I  feel  the  firm  and  pleasing  assurance,  that  as  to  the  court, 
the  beam  of  their  judgment  will  remain  steady,  although  the  earth 
itself  should  shake  under  the  concussion  of  prejudice.     Or  is  it 
on  the  bystanders  that  the  gentlemen  expect  to  make  a  favorable 
impression  ?     And  do  they  use  the  court  merely  as  a  canal,  through 
which  they  may  pour  upon  the  world  their  undeserved  invectives 
against  the  government.!*      Do  they  wish  to  divide  the  popular 
resentment  and  diminish  thereby  their  own  quota.''     Before  the 
gentlemen  arraign  the  administration,  let  them  clear  the  skirts  of 
their  client.     Let  them  prove  his  innocence ;  let  them  prove  that 
he  has  not  covered  himself  with  the  clouds  of  mystery  and  just 
suspicion ;  let  them  prove  that  he  has  been  all  along  erect  and  fair, 
in  open  day,  and  that  these  charges  against  him  are  totally  ground- 
less and  false.     That  will  be  the  most  eloquent  invective  which 
they  can  pronounce  against  the  prosecution;  but  until  they  prove 
this  innocence,  it  shall  be  in  vain  that  they  attempt  to  divert  our 
minds  to  other  objects,  and  other  inquiries.     We  will  keep  our 
eyes  on  Aaron  Burr  until  he  satisfies  our  utmost  scruple.     I  beg  to 
know,  sir,  if  the  course  which  gentlemen  pursue  is  not  disrespect- 
ful to  the  court  itself?      Suppose  there  are  any  foreigners  here 
accustomed  to  regular  government  in  their  own  country,  what  can 
they  infer  from  hearing  the  federal  administration  thus  reviled  to 
the  federal  judiciary  ?     Hearing  the  judiciary  told,  that  the  admin- 

VOL.  1  — 15 


170  PRELIMINARY   DISCUSSION.  [1607. 

istration  are  '  blood  hounds,  hunting  this  man  with  a  keen  and 
savage  thirst  for  blood  ;  that  they  now  suppose  they  have  hunted 
him  into  their  toils  and  have  him  safe.'  Sir,  no  man,  foreigner  or 
citizen,  who  hears  this  language  addressed  to  the  court,  and  re- 
ceived with  all  the  complacency  at  least  which  silence  can  imply, 
can  make  any  inferences  from  it  very  honorable  to  the  court.  It 
would  only  be  inferred,  while  they  are  thus  suffered  to  luxu- 
riate in  these  gross  invectives  against  the  administration,  that  they 
are  furnishing  the  joys  of  a  Mahometan  paradise  to  the  court 
as  well  as  to  their  client.  I  hope  that  the  court,  for  their  own 
sakes,  will  compel  a  decent  respect  to  that  government  of  which 
they  themselves  form  a  branch.  On  our  part,  we  wish  only  a  fair 
trial  of  this  case.  If  the  man  be  innocent,  in  the  name  of  God  let 
him  go  ;  but  while  we  are  on  the  question  of  his  guilt  or  innocence, 
let  us  not  suffer  our  attention  and  judgment  to  be  diverted  and 
distracted  by  the  introduction  of  other  subjects  foreign  to  the 
inquiry." 

*       '         *  *  *  *  # 

"  Mr.  WicKHAM  appealed  to  the  court  if  the  counsel  for  Colonel 
Burr  had  been  the  first  to  begin  the  attack,  and  wished  the  gen- 
tleman to  follow  his  own  wise  maxims. 

******* 

"  All  that  Colonel  Burr  is  obliged  to  show,  is  probable  cause  to 
believe  that  Wilkinson's  letter  may  be  material.  Mr.  Wirt  has 
said,  that  the  acquittal  of  Colonel  Burr  will  be  a  satire  on  the 
government.  I  am  sorry  that  the  gentleman  has  made  this  con- 
fession, that  the  character  of  the  government  depends  on  the  guilt 
of  Colonel  Burr.  If  I  believed  him  to  be  correct,  I  could  easily 
explain,  from  that  circumstance,  the  anxiety  manifested  to  convict 
him,  and  the  prejudices  which  have  been  excited  against  him. 
But  I  will  not  believe  that  this  is  the  case,  and  will  tell  the  gen- 
tleman that  we  think  Burr  may  be  acquitted,  and  yet  the  govern- 
ment have  pure  intentions. 

"  The  writ  of  ^suhpmia  duces  tecum  ought  to  be  issued,  and  if 
there  be  any  state  secrets  to  prevent  the  production  of  the  letter, 
the  President  should  allege  it  in  his  return ;  for,  at  present,  we 
cannot  know  that  any  such  secrets  exist.  The  court,  when  his 
return  is  before  them,  can  judge  of  the  cause  assigned.     But  I 


CHAP.  XIII.]  ASPERITIES    OF    COUNSEL.  171 

have  too  good  an  opinion  of  the  President  to   think  he  would 
withhold  the  letter. 

#  *  *  *  *  ,  * 

"  We  contend  that  no  affidavit  on  the  part  of  Colonel  Burr  is  ne- 
cessary. Wilkinson's  affidavit,  already  published,  together  with 
the  President's  communication  to  Congress,  prove  that  the  letter 
in  question  must  be  material.  It  may  show,  that  the  treasonable 
transactions  attributed  to  Colonel  Burr,  within  the  limits  of  this 
state,  never  existed ;  for  as  to  Blannerhasset's  island,  the  gentle- 
men in  the  prosecution  /c7iotp,  there  was  no  such  thing  as  a  mili- 
tary force  on  that  island. 

["  Here  Mr.  Hay  interrupted  him,  and  said,  that  it  was  extremely 
indelicate  and  improper  to  accuse  them  of  voluntarily  supporting 
a  cause  which  they  knew  to  be  unjust.  He  solemnly  denied  the 
truth  of  the  charge  against  him,  and  the  gentlemen  who  assisted 
him,  and  declared  that  they  could  prove  the  actual  existence  of  an 
armed  assemblage  of  men  on  Blannerhasset's  island,  under  the 
command  of  Aaron  Burr.] 

"  Mr.  Wickham  acknowledged  that  he  had  gone  too  far  in  the 
expression  he  had  used,  and  ought  not  to  have  uttered  what  he  had 
said  concerning  the  counsel  for  the  United  States,  and  declared 
that  he  meant  nothing  personal  against  them." 

Upon   the  conclusion  of   Mr.  Wickham's   speech,   the   Chief 
Justice   remarked,    "  that   although   many   observations,   in   the 
course  of  the  several  discussions  which  had  taken  place,  had 
been  made  by  the  gentlemen  of  the  bar,  in  the  heat  of  debate,  of 
which    the   court  did  not  approve,  yet  the  court   had   hitherto 
avoided  interfering ;  but,  as  a  pointed  appeal  had  been  made  to 
them  on  this  day,  (alluding  to  the  speech  of  Mr.  Wirt,)  and  they 
had  been  called  upon  to  support  their  own  dignity,  by  preventing 
the  government  from  being  abused,  the  court  thought  it  proper  to 
declare  that  the  gentlemen  on  both  sides  had  acted  improperly  in 
the  style  and  spirit  of  their  remarks;  that  they  had  been  to  blame 
in  endeavoring  to  excite  the  prejudices  of  the  people  ;  and  had 
repeatedly  accused  each  other  of  doing  what  they  forget  they 
have  done  tiiemselves.     The  court  therefore  expressed  a  wish 
that  the  counsel  for  the  United  States  and  for  Colonel  Burr,  would 
confine  themselves  on  every  occasion  to  the  point  really  before  the 
court;  that  their  own  good  sense  and  regard  for  their  ciiaracteis 


172  MR.    HAY    AND   MR.    MARTIN.  [1S07. 


required  them  to  follow  such  a  course ;  and  it  was  hoped  that  they 
would  not  hereafter  deviate  from  it." 

Mr.  Hay,  referring  to  the  orders  of  the  Government  for  the 
suppression  of  Burr's  expedition,  wiiich  were  called  for,  in  con- 
nection with  the  letter  of  General  Wilkinson,  remarked  : 

"  They  next  contend  that  the  orders  are  material,  because  they 
Avere  illegal,  arbitrary,  unconstitutional,  oppressive  and  unjust;  that 
Burr's  acts  were  merely  acts  of  self-defence  against  tyranny  and 
usurpation,  and  of  course,  were  justifiable. 

"  Many  strange  positions  have  been  laid  down,  but  this  is  mon- 
strous. Mr,  Martin  will  excuse  me  for  saying,  that  I  expected 
sounder  doctrine  from  his  age  and  experience.  These  principles 
were  not  learnt  by  him  in  Maryland,  nor  are  they  the  doctrines  of 
this  place.  Considering  that  he  has  come  all  the  way  from  Mary- 
land to  enlighten  us  of  the  Virginia  bar  by  his  great  talents  and 
erudition,  I  hoped  he  would  not  have  advanced  a  doctrine  which 
would  have  been  abhorred  even  in  the  most  turbulent  period  of 
the  French  revolution,  by  the  Jacobins  of  1794." 

From  Luther  Martin's  argument,  we  extract  a  portion  of  his 
reply  to  Mr.  Hay : 

"  The  gentleman  has  told  us,"  he  said,  "that  respect  ought  to 
be  paid  to  the  officers  of  government.  It  is  granted.  I  thought 
so  once.  I  thought  that  the  officers  of  government  ought  to  be 
treated  with  high  respect,  however  much  their  conduct  ought  to 
be  the  subject  of  criticism ;  and  I  invariably  acted  according  to 
that  principle.  If  I  have  changed  my  opinion,  I  owe  it  to  the 
gentleman  himself,  and  the  party  he  is  connected  with.  They 
formerly  thought  differently.  That  gentleman  and  his  friends  so 
loudly  and  incessantly  clamored  against  the  officers  of  govern- 
ment, that  they  contributed  to  effect  a  change  in  the  administra- 
tion, and  are  now,  in  consequence,  basking  in  the  sunshine  of 
office  ;  and  therefore  they  wish  to  inculcate  and  receive  that 
respect  which  they  formerly  denied  to  others  in  the  same  situa- 
tion. We  have  a  right  to  inspect  the  orders  issued  from  the  War 
and  Navy  Departments ;  because,  if  they  were  illegal,  we  had  a 
right  to  oppose  them.  If  they  were  unconstitutional  and  oppres- 
sive, it  was  right  to  resist  them :  but  this  is  denied,  because  we 
are  not  trying  the  President.  God  forbid,  we  should.  But  we 
are  trying  if  we  had  a  right  to  resist.     If  every  order,  however 


CHAP.  XIII.]  LUTHER    MARTIN.  173 

arbitrary  and  unjust,  is  to  be  obeyed,  we  are  slaves  as  much  as  the 
inhabitants  of  Turkey.  If  the  presidential  edicts  are  to  be  the 
supreme  law,  and  the  olFicers  of  the  government  have  but  to 
register  them,  as  formerly  in  France,  (the  country  once  so  famed 
by  these  gentlemen  for  its  progress  and  advancement  towards 
liberty);  and  if  ^ve  must  submit  to  them,  however  unjust  and  un- 
constitutional, we  are  as  subject  to  despotism,  as  the  people  of 
Turkey,  the  subjects  of  the  "  Grand  Monarque'''  of  old  in 
France,  or  those  of  the  despot  Bonaparte  at  this  day.  If  this 
were  true,  where  would  be  our  boasted  freedom }  where,  the  su- 
perior advantages  of  our  government,  or  the  beneticial  effects  of 
our  revolutionary  struggles  .''  I  will  take  the  liberty  of  explaining 
how  far  resistance  is  justifiable.  The  President  has  certain 
known  and  well  defined  powers ;  so  has  a  common  magistrate, 
and  so  has  a  constable.  The  President  may  exceed  his  legal  au- 
thority, as  well  as  a  magistrate  or  a  constable.  If  a  magistrate 
issue  a  warrant  and  direct  it  to  a  constable,  resistance  to  it  is  at 
the  peril  of  the  person  resisting.  If  the  warrant  be  illegal,  he 
is  excused  :  but  if  it  be  legal,  he  is  not.  On  the  same  principle, 
resistance  to  the  orders  of  the  President  is  excusable,  if  they  be 
unconstitutional  and  illegal.  Resistance  to  an  act  of  oppression, 
unauthorised  by  law,  can  never  be  criminal ;  and  this  is  all  we 
contend  for." 

"  The  gentleman  expressed  his  surprise  that  such  doctrines 
should  come  from  me,  who  come  from  Maryland  to  instruct  and 
enlighten  the  Virginia  bar.  I  come  not  to  instruct  or  enlighten. 
I  come  to  unite  my  feeble  efforts  with  those  of  other  gentlemen  in 
defence  of  my  friend,  whom  I  believe  to  be  perfectly  innocent  of 
the  heavy  charges  against  him  :  but  their  conduct  evinces,  that  if 
I  were  to  attempt  it,  my  instructions  would  be  in  vain.  If,  how- 
ever, I  did  venture  to  advise  him,  it  would  be,  not  to  accuse  us  of 
evil  intentions ;  to  mix  a  little  of  the  milk  of  human  nature  with 
his  disposition  and  arguments ;  to  make  his  conduct  conformable 
to  his  professions,  and  not  to  be  perpetually  imputing  guilt  to  us. 
But  the  gentleman  needs  no  advice." 

The  opinion  of  Chief  Justice  Marshall  upon  the  questions  sub- 
mitted in  this  debate,  thus  disposes  of  the  principal  point  under 
discussion. 

VOL.  1—15* 


174  COURT'S   OPINION.  [1S07. 


li 


The  second  objection  is,  that  the  letter  contains  matter  which 
ought  not  to  be  disclosed. 

"  That  there  may  be  matter,  the  production  of  which  the  court 
would  not  require,  is  certain;  but  that,  in  a  capital  case,  the 
accused  ought,  in  some  form,  to  have  the  benefit  of  it,  if  it  were 
really  essential  to  his  defence,  is  a  position  which  the  court  would 
very  reluctantly  deny.  It  ought  not  to  be  believed,  that  the  de- 
partment, which  superintends  prosecutions  in  criminal  cases,  would 
be  inclined  to  withhold  it.  What  ought  to  be  done,  under  such 
circumstances,  presents  a  delicate  question,  the  discussion  of 
w^hich,  it  is  hoped,  will  never  be  rendered  necessary  in  this  coun- 
try. At  present  it  need  only  be  said,  that  the  question  does  not 
occur  at  this  time.  There  is  certainly  nothing  before  the  court 
which  shows  that  the  letter  in  question  contains  any  matter  the 
disclosure  of  which  would  endanger  the  public  safety.  If  it  does 
contain  such  matter,  the  fact  may  appear  before  the  disclosure  is 
made.  If  it  does  contain  any  matter,  which  it  would  be  impru- 
dent to  disclose,  which  it  is  not  the  wash  of  the  executive  to  dis- 
close ;  such  matter,  if  it  be  not  immediately  and  essentially  appli- 
cable to  the  point,  wnll,  of  course,  be  suppressed.  It  is  not  easy 
to  conceive,  that  so  much  of  the  letter  as  relates  to  the  conduct 
of  the  accused  can  be  a  subject  of  delicacy  with  the  President. 
Every  thing  of  this  kind,  however,  will  have  its  due  considera- 
tion, on  the  return  of  the  subpoena." 

******* 

"  Much  has  been  said  about  the  disrespect  to  the  chief  magis- 
trate, which  is  implied  by  this  motion,  and  by  such  a  decision  of 
it  as  the  law  is  believ^ed  to  require. 

"  These  observations  will  be  very  truly  answered  by  the  decla- 
ration, that  this  court  feels  many,  perhaps,  peculiar  motives,  for 
manifesting  as  guarded  a  respect  for  the  chief  magistrate  of  the 
Union  as  is  compatible  with  its  official  duties.  To  go  beyond 
these  would  exhibit  a  conduct,  which  would  deserve  some  other 
appellation  than  the  term  respect. 

"  It  is  not  for  the  court  to  anticipate  the  event  of  the  present 
prosecution.  Should  it  terminate  as  is  expected  on  the  part  of 
the  United  States,  all  those,  who  are  concerned  in  it,  should  cer- 
tainly regret,  that  a  paper,  w^hich  the  accused  believed  to  be  es- 
sential to  his  defence,  which  may,  for  aught  that  now  appears,  be 


CHAP.  XIII.]  THE    RIGHT    TO    PUBLIC    PAPERS.  175 

essential,  had  been  withheld  from  him.  I  will  not  say  that  this 
circumstance  would,  in  any  degree,  tarnish  the  reputation  of  the 
government ;  but  I  will  say,  that  it  would  justly  tarnish  the  repu- 
tation of  the  court,  which  had  given  its  sanction  to  its  being  with- 
held. Might  I  be  permitted  to  utter  one  sentiment,  with  respect 
to  myself,  it  would  be  to  deplore,  most  earnestly,  the  occasion 
which  should  compel  me  to  look  back  on  any  part  of  my  official 
conduct  with  so  much  self-reproach  as  I  should  feel,  could  I  de- 
clare, on  the  information  now  possessed,  that  the  accused  is  not 
entitled  to  the  letter  in  question,  if  it  should  be  really  important  to 
him. 

"  The  propriety  of  requiring  the  answer  to  this  letter  is  more 
questionable.  It  is  alleged,  that  it  most  probably  communicates 
orders  showing  the  situation  of  this  country  with  Spain,  which 
will  be  important  on  the  misdemeanor.  If  it  contain  matter  not 
essential  to  the  defence,  and  the  disclosure  be  unpleasant  to  the 
executive,  it  certainly  ought  not  to  be  disclosed.  This  is  a  point 
which  will  appear  on  the  return.  The  demand  of  the  orders, 
which  have  been  issued,  and  which  have  been,  as  is  alleged,  pub- 
lished in  the  Natchez  Gazette,  is  by  no  means  unusual.  Such 
documents  have  often  been  produced  in  the  courts  of  the  United 
States  and  the  courts  of  England,  If  they  contain  matter  inte- 
resting to  the  nation,  the  concealment  of  which  is  required  by  the 
public  safety,  that  matter  will  appear  upon  the  return.  If  they 
do  not,  and  are  material,  they  may  be  exhibited." 

This  decision  seems,  with  some  qualification,  to  conform  with 
the  views  of  Mr.  Jefferson,  as  expressed  upon  this  proceeding  in 
his  letter  to  Mr.  Hay,  in  which,  after  proffering  his  readiness  to 
supply  the  letter  in  question,  and  all  other  matters  alleged  to  be 
necessary  to  the  defence,  he  remarks : 

"With  respect  to  papers  there  is  certainly  a  public  and  a 
private  side  to  our  offices.  To  the  former  belong  grants  of  land, 
patents  for  inventions,  certain  commissions,  proclamations,  and 
other  papers  patent  in  their  nature.  To  the  other  belong  mere 
executive  proceedings.  All  nations  have  found  it  necessary,  that, 
for  the  advantageous  conduct  of  their  affairs,  some  of  these  pro- 
ceedings at  least,  should  remain  known  to  their  executive  func- 
tionary only.  He,  of  course,  from  the  nature  of  the  case,  must 
be   the   sole  judge  of  which  of  them  the  public   interests  will 


176  MR.    JEFFERSON'S    OPINION.  [1807. 


permit  publication.  Hence,  under  our  Constitution,  in  requests  of 
papers  from  the  Legislative  to  the  Executive  branch,  an  exception 
is  carefully  expressed,  as  to  those  which  he  may  deem  the  public 
welfare  may  require  not  to  be  disclosed ;  as  you  will  see  in  the 
enclosed  resolution  of  the  House  of  Representatives  which  pro- 
duced the  Message  of  January  22d,  respecting  this  case.  The 
respect  naturally  due  between  the  constituted  authorities,  in  their 
official  intercourse,  as  well  as  sincere  dispositions  to  do  for  every 
one  what  is  just,  will  always  ensure  from  the  Executive,  in  exer- 
cising the  duty  of  discrimination  confided  to  him,  the  same  candor 
and  integrity  to  which  the  nation  has,  in  like  manner,  trusted  in  the 
disposal  of  its  judiciary  authorities." 

This  brief  summary  of  a  discussion,  in  the  year  1807,  presents 
a  topic  upon  which  much  doubt  has  often  been  expressed  in  the 
Congress  of  the  United  States,  and  has  sometimes  been  debated 
with  no  little  acrimony — the  extent  of  the  right  and  the  duty  of 
the  President,  to  withhold  information  demanded  by  either  house 
of  Congress.  The  decision  of  the  court,  of  which  an  extract  is 
given  in  this  notice  of  the  trial,  and  Mr.  Jefferson's  strictures  upon 
the  relative  duties  of  the  Legislature  and  the  Executive,  seem  to 
present  the  question  in  a  point  of  view  which  should  lead  to  a 
just  and  definitive  limitation  of  the  boundaries  by  which  each  is 
properly  circumscribed. 


CHAPTER    XIV. 

1807. 

BURR'S  TRIAL  COXTINUED THE  PRINCIPAL  ARGUMENT  IN  THE  CASE- 
NOTICES  OF  WIRT'S  SHARE  IN  IT.— MR.  MERCER'S  TESTIMONY.— HIS  DE- 
SCRIPTION OF  BLANNERHASSET'S  RESIDENCE — OTHER  INCIDENTS  OF  THE 
TRIAL. 

The  trial  proceeded  through  its  preliminary  stages,  in  which 
every  question,  capable  of  being  raised,  was  presented  and  con- 
tested with  scrupulous  pertinacity  and  with  abundance  of  acri- 
mony. At  length  the  two  indictments  were  found; — the  first,  for 
treason,  the  second,  for  the  misdemeanor.  The  case  of  treason 
was  first  taken  up ;  the  plea  of  not  guilty  made,  and,  after  many 
challenges  and  rejections  of  those  who  had  been  summoned  on  the 
petit  jury,  a  panel  was  obtained.  New  points,  as  to  the  order  of 
examining  the  witnesses,  were  mooted  and  argued  at  every  step, 
with  the  same  asperity  as  before.  Much  testimony  was  delivered 
on  the  part  of  the  prosecution.  The  charge  of  treason  was  sup- 
posed, by  the  counsel  for  the  government,  to  be  sustained  by  the 
evidence.  This  evidence  proved  that  numbers  of  persons,  amount- 
ing to  some  thirty  or  more,  had  assembled  in  warlike  array,  on 
Blannerhasset's  island  in  the  Ohio  river,  near  Marietta,  in  Decem- 
ber 1806,  with  a  purpose,  as  it  w^as  affirmed,  to  proceed  down  the 
river,  and,  with  the  assistance  of  others,  to  seize  the  city  of  New 
Orleans,  under  the  pretence  of  the  ultimate  invasion  of  Mexico. 
It  was  not  proved,  however,  that  Colonel  Burr  was  present  with 
these  men  on  the  island 

Upon  this  testimony,  the  counsel  for  the  prisoner  asked  the  in- 
terposition of  the  court,  to  arrest  the  further  examination  of  wit- 
nesses, on  the  following  ground,  as  stated  by  Mr.  Wickham. 

"  The  counsel  for  the  prosecution  having  gone  through  their 
evidence  relating  directly  to  the  overt  act  charged  in  the  indict- 
ment, and  being  about  to  introduce  collateral  testimony  of  acts 
done  beyond  the  limits  of  the  jurisdiction  of  this  court,  and,  it  not 


178  BURR'S   TRIAL   CONTINUED.  [1807. 

only  appearing  from  the  proofs,  but  being  distinctly  admitted,  that 
the  accused,  at  the  period  when  war  was  said  to  have  been  levied 
against  the  United  States,  was  hundreds  of  miles  distant  from  the 
scene  of  action,  it  becomes  the  duty  of  his  counsel  to  object  to  the 
introduction  of  any  such  testimony  as  wholly  irrelevant  and  inad- 
missible." Upon  this  motion  of  the  prisoner's  counsel  arose  the 
great  and  decisive  argument  in  the  case. 

The  discussion  chiefly  turned  on  the  proposition  suggested  by 
Mr.  Wickham, — "  That  no  person  can  be  convicted  of  treason 
in  levying  w^ar,  who  was  not  personally  present  at  the  commission 
of  the  act  charged  in  the  indictment  as  constituting  the  offence." 
There  were  other  questions  of  less  significance  in  the  case, 
which  were  also  argued  with  great  amplitude  and  labor.  "  Whe- 
ther there  can  be  treason  in  levying  war  without  the  employment  of 
force."  "  Whether  one  who  would  be  only  an  accessory  in  a 
felony,  is  to  be  considered  as  a  principal  in  treason  by  levying 
war."  "  And  if  so,  whether  the  real  principal  ought  not  first  to 
be  convicted."     These  points  and  others  were  debated. 

I  have  already  intimated  that  it  is  not  my  design  to  furnish 
even  an  outline  of  this  case ;  that  my  purpose  is  to  submit  only  so 
much  of  it  to  the  reader,  as  may  give  him  some  characteristic 
indications  of  Mr.  Wirt's  efforts  towards  the  performance  of  the 
duty  it  imposed  upon  him.  In  the  pursuit  of  this  purpose,  I  shall 
continue  to  make  some  extracts  from  his  argument  upon  the  points 
now  presented.  This  discussion  was  conducted  with  full  prepa- 
ration and  study  by  all  the  counsel  in  the  case,  and  as  it  was  of 
a  nature  to  determine  the  issue  of  the  prosecution,  it  attracted  a 
proportionate  degree  of  interest  from  the  public. 

The  extracts  from  Mr.  Wirt's  speech  which  follow,  are  made 
sparsim  and  without  reference  to  a  continuous  or  connected  view 
of  his  topics:  they  are  offered  as  specimens  of  manner,  and  illus- 
trations of  modes  of  thought,  and  with  no  view  to  an  exhibition 
of  the  general  force  of  the  argument,  w^hich,  indeed,  could  not  be 
abbreviated  without  doing  injustice  to  the  speaker. 

"  It  is  my  duty,"  said  Mr.  Wirt,  in  the  commencement  of  his 
speech,  "  to  proceed  on  the  part  of  ths  United  States,  in  opposing 
this  motion.  But  I  should  not  deem  it  my  duty  to  oppose  it,  if  it 
were  founded  on  correct  principles.  I  stand  here  with  the  same 
independence  of  action,  which  belongs  to  the  Attorney  of  the 


CHAP.  XIV.]  WIRT'S    SPEECH.  179 

United  States ;  and  as  he  would  certainly  relinquish  the  prosecu- 
tion the  moment  he  became  convinced  of  its  injustice,  so  also  most 
certainly  would  I.     The  humanity  and  justice  of  this  nation  would 
revolt  at  the  idea  of  a  prosecution,  pushed  on  against  a  life,  Avhich 
stood  protected  by  the  laws ;  but  whether  they  would  or  not,  I 
would  not  plant  a  thorn,  to  rankle  for  life  in  my  heart,  by  opening 
my  lips  in  support  of  a  prosecution  which  I  felt  and  believed  to 
be  unjust.     But  believing,  as  I  do,  that  this  motion  is  not  founded 
in  justice,  that  it  is  a  mere  manoeuvre  to  obstruct  the  inquiry,  to 
turn  it  from  the  proper  course,  to  wrest  the  trial  of  the  facts  from 
the  proper  tribunal,  the  jury,  and  embarrass  the  court  with  a 
responsibility  which  it  ought  not  to  feel,  I  hold  it  my  duty  to  pro- 
ceed for  the  sake  of  the  court,  for  the  sake  of  vindicating  the  trial 
by  jury,  now  sought  to  be  violated,  for  the  sake  of  full  and  ample 
justice  in  this  particular  case,  for  the  sake  of  the  future  peace, 
union  and  independence  of  these  states,  I  feel  it  my  bounden  duty 
to  proceed  ;    in   doing  which,   I   beg  that  the    prisoner  and  his 
counsel  will  recollect  the  extreme  difficulty  of  clothing  my  argu- 
ment in  terms  which  may  be  congenial  with  their  feelings.     The 
gentlemen  appear  to  me  to  feel  a  very  extraordinary  and  unrea- 
sonable degree  of  sensibility  on  this  occasion.     They  seem  to 
forget  the  nature  of  the  charge,  and  that  we  are  the  prosecutors. 
We  do  not  stand  here  to  pronounce  a  panegyric  on  the  prisoner, 
but  to  urge  on  him  the   crime  of  treason   against   his  country. 
When   we   speak  of  treason,  we  must  call   it   treason.      When 
we   speak   of  a   traitor,   w^e   must  call   him  a   traitor.      When 
we  speak  of  a  plot  to  dismember  the  Union,  to  undermine  the 
liberties  of  a  great   portion  of  the  people  of  this  country,  and 
subject  them  to  a  usurper  and  a  despot,  we  are  obliged  to  use  the 
terms  which  convey  those  ideas.     Why  then  are  gentlemen  so 
sensitive .''     Why  on  these  occasions,  so  necessary,  so  unavoidable, 
do  they  shrink  back  with  so  much  agony  of  nerve,  as  if  instead 
of  a  hall  of  justice,  we  were  in  a  drawing-room  with  Colonel 
Burr,  and  were  barbarously  violating  towards  him  every  principle 
of  decorum  and  humanity  ? 

"  Mr.  Wickham  has  indeed  invited  us  to  consider  the  subject 
abstractedly ;  and  we  have  been  told,  that  it  is  expected  to  be  so 
considered  ;  but,  sir,  if  this  were  practicable,  would  there  be  no 
danger  in  it?     Would  there  be  no  danger,  while  we  were  mooting 


180  WIRT'S   SPEECH.  [1807. 

points,  pursuing  ingenious  hypothesis,  chasing  elementary  princi- 
ples over  the  wide  extended  plains  and  Alpine  heights  of  ab- 
stracted law,  that  we  should  lose  sight  of  the  great  question  before 
the  court?     This  may  suit  the  purposes  of  the  counsel  for  the 
prisoner;  but  it  does  not  therefore  necessarily  suit  the  purposes 
of  truth  and  justice.     It  will  be  proper,  when  we  have  derived 
a  principle  from  law  or  argument,  that  we  should  bring  it  to  the 
case  before  the  court,  in  order  to  test  its  application  and  its  prac- 
tical truth.     In  doing  which,  we  are  driven  into  the  nature  of  the 
case,  and  must  speak  of  it  as  we  find  it.     But  besides,  the  gentle- 
men have  themselves  rendered  this  totally  abstracted  argument 
completely  impossible,  for  one  of  their  positions  is,  that  there  is 
no  overt  act  proven  at  all.     Now  that  an  overt  act  consists  of  fact 
and  intention,  has  been  so  often  repeated  here,  that  it  has  a  fair 
title  to  Justice  Vaughan's  epithet  of  a  '  clecantatum.''     In  speaking 
then  of  this  overt  act,  we  are  compelled  to  inquire,  not  merely 
into  the  fact  of  the  assemblage,  but  the  intention  of  it,  in  doing 
which,  we  must  examine  and  develop  the  whole  project  of  the 
prisoner.     It  is  obvious,  therefore,  that  an  abstract  examination  of 
this  point  cannot  be  made ;  and  since  the  gentlemen  drive  us  into 
the  examination,  they  cannot  complain,  if  without  any  softening 
of  lights  or  deepening  of  shades,  we  exhibit  the  picture  in  its 
true  and  natural  state. 

"  This  motion  is  a  bold  and  original  stroke  in  the  noble  science 
of  defence.  It  marks  the  genius  and  hand  of  a  master.  For  it  gives 
to  the  prisoner  every  possible  advantage,  while  it  gives  him  the 
full  benefit  of  his  legal  defence :  the  sole  defence  which  he  would 
be  able  to  make  to  the  jury,  if  the  evidence  were  all  introduced 
before  them.  It  cuts  off  from  the  prosecution  all  that  evidence 
which  goes  to  connect  the  prisoner  with  the  assemblage  on  the 
island,  to  explain  the  destination  and  objects  of  the  assemblage, 
and  to  stamp,  beyond  controversy,  the  character  of  treason  upon 
it.  Connect  this  motion  with  that  which  was  made  the  other  day 
to  compel  us  to  begin  with  the  proof  of  the  overt  act,  in  which, 
from  their  zeal,  gentlemen  were  equally  sanguine,  and  observe 
what  would  have  been  the  effect  of  success  in  both  motions.  We 
should  have  been  reduced  to  the  single  fact,  the  individual  fact,  of 
the  assemblage  on  the  island,  w^ithoul  any  of  the  evidence  which 
explains  the  intention  and  object  of  that  assemblage.     Thus  gen- 


CHAP.  XIV.]  WIRT'S    SPEECH.  181 

tiemen  would  have  cut  off  all  the  evidence,  which  carries  up  the 
plot  almost  to  its  conception,  which  at  all  events  describes  the 
first  motion  which  quickened  it  into  life,  and  follows  its  progress 
until  it  attained  such  strength  and  maturity  as  to  throw'  the  whole 
western  country  into  consternation.  Thus  of  the  icorld  of  evi- 
dence which  we  have,  we  should  have  been  reduced  to  the  speck, 
the  atom  which  relates  to  Blannerhasset's  island. 

******* 
"I  shall   proceed    now  to  examine  the   merits  of  the  motion 
itself  and  to  answer  the  argument  of  the  gentleman  (Mr,  Wick- 
ham)  who  opened  it.     I  will  treat  that  gentleman  with  candor. 
If  I   misrepresent  him,  it   will  not  be   intentionally.     I  will  not 
follow   the   example   which   he  has  set  me   on   a  very   recent 
occasion.     I  will  not  complain  of  flowers  and  graces  where  none 
exist.     I  will  not,  like  him,  in  reply  to  an  argument  as  naked  as  a 
sleeping  Venus,  but  certainly  not  half  so  beautiful,  complain  of 
the  painful  necessity  I  am  under,  in  the  weakness  and  decrepitude 
of  logical  vigor,  of  lifting  first  this  flounce  and  then  that  furbelow, 
before  I  can  reach  the  wished  for  point  of  attack.     I  keep  no 
flounces  or  furbelow^s  ready  manufactured  and  hung  up  for  use  in 
the  millinery  of  my  fancy,  and  if  I  did,  I  think^I  should  not  be 
so  indiscreetly  impatient  to  get  rid  of  my  wares,  as  to  put  them 
off  on  improper  occasions.     I  cannot  promise  to  interest  you  by 
any  classical  and  elegant  allusions  to  the  pure  pages  of  Tristram 
Shandy.     I  cannot  give  you  a  squib  or  a  rocket  in  every  period. 
For  my  own  part,  I  have  always  thought  these  flashes  of  wit  (if 
they  deserve  that  name),  I  have  always  thought  these  meteors  of 
the  brain   which  spring   up  with   such  exuberant   abundance  in 
the  speeches  of  that  gentleman,  which  play  on  each  side  of  the 
path  of  reason  or,  sporting  across  it  with  fantastic  motion,  decoy 
the  mind  from  the  true  point  in  debate,  no  better  evidence  of  the 
soundness  of  the  argument  with  which  they  are  connected,  nor, 
give  me  leave  to  add,  the  vigor  of  the  brain  from  which  they 
spring,  than  those  vapors  w^hich  start  from  our  marshes  and  blaze 
with  a  momentary  combustion,  and  which  floating  on  the  undu- 
lations of  the  atmosphere,  beguile  the  traveller   into   bogs   and 
brambles,  are  evidences  of  the  firmness  and  solidity  of  the  earth 
from  which  they  proceed.     I  will  endeavor  to  meet  the  gentle- 
man's propositions  in  their  full  force  and  to  answer  them  fairly.     I 

VOL.  1  —  16 


182  WIRT'S    SPEECH.  [1807. 

will  not,  as  I  am  advancing  towards  them,  with  my  mind's  eye, 
measure  the  height,  breadth  and  power  of  the  proposition;  if  I 
find  it  beyond  my  strength,  halve  it;  if  still  beyond  my  strength, 
quarter  it;  if  still  necessary,  subdivide  it  into  eighths  ;  and  when 
by  this  process  I  have  reduced  it  to  the  proper  standard,  take 
one  of  these  sections  and  toss  it  with  an  air  of  elephantine 
strength  and  superiority.  If  I  find  myself  capable  of  conducting, 
by  a  fair  course  of  reasoning,  any  one  of  his  propositions  to  an 
absurd  conclusion,  I  will  not  begin  by  stating  that  absurd  con- 
clusion, as  the  proposition  itself  which  1  am  going  to  encounter. 
I  will  not,  in  commenting  on  the  gentleman's  authorities,  thank 
the  gentleman  with  sarcastic  politeness,  for  introducing  them,  de- 
clare that  they  conclude  directly  against  him,  read  just  so  much 
of  the  authority  as  serves  the  purpose  of  that  declaration,  omitting 
that  which  contains  the  true  point  of  the  case  which  makes  against 
me ;  nor,  if  forced  by  a  direct  call  to  read  that  part  also,  will  I 
content  myself  by  running  over  it  as  rapidly  and  inarticulately 
as  I  can,  throw  down  the  book  with  a  theatrical  air,  and  exclaim, 
'just  as  I  said,'  when  I  know  it  is  just  as  I  had  not  said.  I  know 
that  by  adopting  these  arts,  I  might  raise  a  laugh  at  the  gentle- 
man's expense ;  but  I  should  be  very  little  pleased  with  myself,  if 
1  were  capable  of  enjoying  a  laugh  procured  by  such  means.  I 
know  too,  that  by  adopting  such  arts,  there  will  always  be  those 
standing  around  us,  who  have  not  comprehended  the  whole  merits 
of  the  legal  discussion,  with  whom  I  might  shake  the  character  of 
the  gentleman's  science  and  judgment  as  a  lawyer.  I  hope  I  shall 
never  be  capable  of  such  a  wish,  and  I  had  hoped  that  the  gentle- 
man himself  felt  so  strongly  that  proud,  that  high,  aspiring  and 
ennobling  magnanimity,  which  I  had  been  told  conscious  talents 
rarely  fail  to  inspire,  that  he  would  have  disdained  a  poor  and 
fleeting  triumph  gained  by  means  like  these. 

"I  proceed  now  to  answer  the  several  points  of  his  argument, 
so  far  as  they  could  be  collected  from  the  general  course  of  his 
speech.  I  say  so  far  as  they  could  be  collected  ;  for  the  gentle- 
man, although  requested  before  he  began,  refused  to  reduce  his 
motion  to  writing.  It  suited  better  his  partizan  style  of  warfare 
to  be  perfectly  at  large ;  to  change  his  ground  as  often  as  he 
pleased  ;  on  the  plains  of  Monmouth  to-day,  at  the  Eutaw  Springs 
to-morrow.     He  will  not  censure  me  therefore,  if  I  have  not  been 


CHAP.  XIV.]  WIRT'S    SPEECH.  183 

correct  in  gathering  liis  points  from  a  desultory  discourse  of  four 
or  five  hours  length,  as  it  would  not  have  been  wonderful  if  I 
had  misunderstood  him.  I  trust  therefore  that  I  have  been  cor- 
rect; it  was  my  intention  to  be  so;  for  I  can  neither  see  pleasure 
nor  interest,  in  misrepresenting  any  gentleman  ;  and  I  now  beg  the 
court  and  the  gentleman,  if  he  will  vouchsafe  it,  to  set  me  right  if 
I  have  misconceived  him. 

"  I  understood  him,  then  sir,  to  resist  the  introduction  of  farther 
evidence  under  this  indictment,  by  making  four  propositions : 

"  1.  Because  Aaron  Burr  not  being  on  the  island  at  the  time  of 
the  assemblage,  cannot  be  a  principal  in  the  treason  according  to 
the  constitutional  definition  or  the  laws  of  England. 

"2.  Because  the  indictment  must  be  proved  as  laid;  and  as  the 
indictment  charges  the  prisoner  with  levying  war  with  an  assem- 
blage on  the  island,  no  evidence  to  charge  him  with  that  act  by 
relation  is  relevant  to  this  indictment. 

"3.  Because  if  he  be  a  principal  in  the  treason  at  all,  he  is  a 
principal  in  the  second  degree ;  and  his  guilt  being  of  that  kind 
which  is  termed  derivative,  no  parol  evidence  can  be  let  in  to 
charge  him,  until  we  shall  siiew  a  record  of  the  conviction  of  the 
principals  in  the  first  degree. 

"  4.  Because  no  evidence  is  relevant  to  connect  the  prisoner  with 
others,  and  thus  to  make  him  a  traitor  by  relation,  until  we  shall 
previously  shew  an  act  of  treason  in  these  others ;  and  the  assem- 
blage on  the  island  was  not  an  act  of  treason. 

"  I  beg  leave  to  take  up  these  propositions  in  succession,  and  to 
give  them  those  answers  which  to  my  mind  are  satisfactory.  Let 
us  examine  the  first:  It  is  because  Aaron  Burr,  not  being  present 
on  the  island  at  the  time  of  the  assemblage,  cannot  be  a  principal 
in  the  treason,  within  the  constitutional  definition  or  the  laws  of 
England. 

"In  many  of  the  gentleman's  general  popositions,  I  perfectly 
accord  with  him :  as  that  the  Constitution  was  intended  to  guard 
against  the  calamities  to  which  Montesquieu  refers,  when  he 
speaks  of  the  victims  of  treason ;  that  the  Constitution  intended 
to  guard  against  arbitrary  and  constructive  treasons;  that  the 
principles  of  sound  reason  and  liberty  require  their  exclusion; 
and  that  the  Constitution  is  to  be  interpreted  by  the  rules  of  reason 
and  moral  right.     I  fear  however,  that  I  shall  find  it  difficult  to 


1S4  WIRT'S    SPEECH. 


[1S07. 


accommodate  both  the  gentlemen  who  have  spoken  in  support  of 
the  motion,  and  to  reconcile  some  of  the  positions  of  Mr.  Randolph 
to  the  rules  of  JNIr.  Wickham  ;  for  while  the  one  tells  us,  to  inter- 
pret the  Constitution  by  sound  reason,  the  other  exclaims, '  save  us 
from  the  deductions  of  common  sense.'  AVhat  rule  then  shall  I 
adopt  ^  A  kind  of  reason  which  is  not  common  sense  might  in- 
deed please  both  the  gentlemen  ;  but  as  that  is  a  species  of  reason 
of  which  I  have  no  very  distinct  conception,  I  hope  the  gentlemen 
will  excuse  me  for  not  employing  it. 

"  The  inquiry  is,  whether  presence  at  the  overt  act  be  neces- 
sary to  make  a  man  a  traitor?  The  gentlemen  say,  that  it  is 
necessary;  that  he  cannot  be  a  principal  in  the  treason,  without 
actual  iiresence.  What  says  the  Supreme  Court,  in  the  case  of 
Bollman  and  Svvartwout.^  '  It  is  not  the  intention  of  the  court  to 
say,  that  no  individual  can  be  guilty  of  this  crime,  who  has  not 
appeared  in  arms  against  his  country ;  on  the  contrary,  if  war  be 
actually  levied,  that  is,  if  a  body  of  men  be  assembled,  for  the 
purpose  of  effecting  by  force  a  treasonable  purpose,  all  those  who 
perform  any  part,  however  minute,  or  hoicever  remote  from  the  scene 
of  action^  and  who  are  actually  leagued  in  the  general  conspiracy, 
are  to  be  considered  as  traitors.' 

"  The  counsel  knew,  that  their  first  point  was  met  directly  by 
the  counter  authority  of  the  Supreme  Court.  They  have  impliedly, 
if  not  expressly  admitted  it  ;  hence  they  have  been  reduced  to  the 
necessity  of  taking  the  bold  and  difficult  ground,  that  the  passage 
which  I  have  read  is  extra-judicial,  a  mere  obiter  dictum.  They 
have  said  this,  but  they  have  not  attempted  to  sheie  it. 

"  Give  me  leave  to  shew  that  they  are  mistaken ;  that  it  is  not 
an  obiter  dictum;  that  it  is  not  extra-judicial ;  but  that  it  is  a  direct 
adjudication  of  a  point  immediately  before  the  court. 

####### 

"  But  for  a  moment  let  us  relinquish  that  decision,  and  putting 
it  aside,  let  us  indulge  the  gentleman  with  the  inquiry,  whether 
that  decision  be  in  conformity  with  the  Constitution  of  the  United 
States  and  the  laws  of  England.  In  interpreting  the  Constitution 
let  us  apply  to  it  the  gentleman's  own  principles:  the  rules  of 
reason  and  moral  right.     The  question  to  be  thus  determined  is, 


CHAP.  XIV.]  WIRT'S    SPEECH.  185 


whether  a  man  who  is  absent  may  not  be  guilty  as  if  he  were 
actually  present. 

"  That  a  law  should  be  so  construed  as  to  advance  the  remedy 
and  repress  the  mischief  is  not  more  a  rule  of  common  law,  than 
a  principle  of  reason ;  it  applies  to  penal  as  well  as  to  remedial 
laws.  So  also  the  maxim  of  the  common  law,  that  a  law  as  well 
as  a  covenant  should  he  so  construed  that  its  object  may  rather 
prevail  than  perish,  is  one  of  the  plainest  dictates  of  common  sense. 
Apply  these  principles  to  the  Constitution.  Gentlemen  have  said, 
that  its  object  was  to  prevent  the  people  from  being  harassed  by 
arbitrary  and  constructive  treason.  But  its  object,  I  presume,  was 
not  to  declare  that  there  was  no  such  crime.  It  certainly  did  not 
tnean  to  encourage  treason.  It  meant  to  recognise  the  existence 
of  the  crime  and  provide  for  its  punishment.  The  liberties  of  the 
people,  which  required  that  the  offence  should  be  defined,  circum- 
scribed and  limited,  required  also  that  it  should  be  certainly  and 
adequately  punished.  The  framers  of  the  Constitution,  informed 
by  the  examples  of  Greece  and  Rome,  and  foreseeing  that  the 
liberties  of  this  republic  might  one  day  or  other  be  seized  by  the 
daring  ambition  of  some  domestic  usurper,  have  given  peculiar 
importance  and  solemnity  to  the  crime,  by  ingrafting  it  upon  the 
Constitution.  But  they  have  done  this  in  vain,  if  the  construction 
contended  for,  on  the  other  side,  is  to  prevail.  If  it  require  actual 
presence  at  the  scene  of  the  assemblage  to  involve  a  man  in  the 
guilt  of  treason,  how  easy  will  it  be  for  the  principal  traitor  to 
avoid  this  guilt  and  escape  punishment  forever?  He  may  go  into 
distant  states,  from  one  state  to  another.  He  may  secretly  wander 
like  a  demon  of  darkness,  from  one  end  of  the  continent  to  the 
other. 

"He  may  enter  into  the  confidence  of  the  simple  and  unsuspect- 
ing. He  may  pour  his  poison  into  the  minds  of  those  who  were 
before  innocent.  He  may  seduce  them  into  a  love  of  his  person, 
offer  them  advantages,  pretend  that  his  measures  are  honorable 
and  beneficial,  connect  them  in  his  plot  and  attach  them  to  his 
glory.  He  may  prepare  the  whole  mechanism  of  the  stupendous 
and  destructive  engine  and  put  it  in  motion.  Let  the  rest  be  done 
by  his  agents.  He  may  then  go  a  hundred  miles  from  the  scene 
of  action.  Let  him  keep  himself  only  from  the  scene  of  the  assem- 
blage and  the  immediate  spot  of  battle,  and  he  is  innocent  in  law, 

VOL.  1 — 16* 


186  WIRT'S   SPEECH.  [1807. 

while  those  whom  he  has  deluded  are  to  suffer  the  death  of 
traitors !  Who  is  the  most  guilty  of  this  treason,  the  poor,  weak, 
deluded  instruments  or  the  artful  and  ambitious  man  who  corrupted 
and  misled  them  .''  There  is  no  comparison  between  his  guilt  and 
theirs ;  and  yet  you  secure  impunity  to  him,  while  they  are  to 
suffer  death !  Is  this  according  to  the  rules  of  reason .''  Is  this 
moral  right  ?  Is  this  a  mean  of  preventing  treason  .''  Or  rather, 
is  it  not  in  truth  a  direct  invitation  to  it  ?  Sir,  it  is  obvious,  that 
neither  reason  nor  moral  right  require  actual  presence  at  the 
overt  act  to  constitute  the  crime  of  treason.  Put  this  case  to  any 
common  man,  whether  the  absence  of  a  corrupter  should  exempt 
him  from  punishment  for  the  crime,  which  he  has  excited  his 
deluded  agents  to  commit ;  and  he  will  instantly  tell  you,  that  he 
deserves  infinitely  more  severe  punishment  than  his  misguided 
instruments.  There  is  a  moral  sense,  much  more  unerring  in 
(juestions  of  this  sort,  than  the  frigid  deductions  of  jurists  or  phi- 
losophers ;  and  no  man  of  a  sound  mind  and  heart  can  doubt  for  a 
moment  between  the  comparative  guilt  of  Aaron  Burr  (the  prime 
mover  of  the  whole  mischief)  and  of  the  poor  men  on  Blannerhas- 
set's  island,  who  called  themselves  Burr's  men.  In  the  case  of 
murder,  who  is  the  most  guilty,  the  ignorant  deluded  perpetrator 
or  the  abominable  instigator .''  The  decision  of  the  Supreme  Court, 
sir,  is  so  far  from  being  impracticable  on  the  ground  of  reason  and 
moral  right,  that  it  is  supported  by  their  most  obvious  and  palpa- 
ble dictates.  Give  to  the  Constitution  the  construction  contended 
for  on  the  other  side,  and  you  might  as  well  expunge  the  crime 
from  your  criminal  code;  nay,  you  had  better  do  it,  for  by  this 
construction  you  hold  out  the  lure  of  impunity  to  the  most  danger- 
ous men  in  the  community,  men  of  ambition  and  talents,  while  you 
loose  the  vengeance  of  the  law  on  the  comparatively  innocent. 
If  treason  ought  to  be  repressed,  I  ask  you,  who  is  the  most  dan- 
gerous and  the  most  likely  to  commit  it, — the  mere  instrument 
who  applies  the  force,  or  the  daring,  aspiring,  elevated  genius  who 
devises  the  whole  plot,  but  acts  behind  the  scenes  ? 

"Permit  me  now  to  bring  Mr.  Wickham  to  England.  Sir,  the 
decision  of  the  Supreme  Court  is  equally  supported  by  the  law  of 
England. 


CHAP.  XIV.  WIRT'S    SPEECH.  187 


"But  to  gratify  them,  let  us  put  Coke  aside;  what  will  they  say 
to  Lord  Hale  ?  Did  any  angry  and  savage  passions  agitate  his 
bosom  or  darken  the  horizon  of  iiis  understanding  on  criminal 
law.''  O  no  sir,  no  spot  ever  soiled  the  holy  ermine  of  his  office; 
mild,  patient,  benevolent — halcyon  peace  in  his  breast,  with  a  mind 
beaming  the  effulgence  of  noon-day  and  with  a  seraph's  soul,  he 
sat  on  the  bench  like  a  descended  God  !  Yet  that  judge  has  laid 
down  the  doctrine  for  which  I  contend,  in  terms  as  distinct  and 
emphatic  as  those  of  Lord  Coke.  In  1  Hale,  214.  '  But  if  many 
conspire  to  counterfeit,  or  counsel,  or  abet  it,  and  one  of  them  doth 
the  fact  upon  that  counselling  or  conspiracy,  it  is  treason  in  all, 
and  they  may  be  all  indicted  for  counterfeiting  generally,  within 
this  statute,  for  in  such  case  in  treason  all  are  principals.' 
****** 

"  It  is  true  that  Judge  Tucker  has  very  elaborately  discussed  this 
subject  and  combated  the  doctrine  that  all  are  principals.  I  admit 
the  truth  of  all  the  encomiums  which  the  counsel  for  the  defendant 
have  pronounced  upon  that  gentleman.  He  has  all  the  illumina- 
tion of  mind  and  all  the  virtues  of  the  heart,  which  those  gentle- 
men, with  the  view  of  enhancing  the  weight  of  his  authority,  have 
been  pleased  to  ascribe  to  him.  What  they  have  said  of  him  from 
policy,  I  can  say  of  him  from  my  heart,  for  I  know  it  to  be  true. 
Yet  give  me  leave,  sir,  very  briefly  to  examine  his  argument  upon 
this  subject.  His  object  is  to  prove,  that  the  position,  that  '  in 
high  treason,  all  are  principals,'  is  not  law  in  England.  The 
mode  which  he  adopts  to  prove  his  point  is  this:  He  collates  all 
the  authorities  which  have  supported  this  doctrine,  and  tracing  it 
up  with  patient  and  laborious  perseverance,  with  the  view  ^petere 
fontes,''  he  finds  the  first  spring  in  the  reign  of  Henry  VI.  That 
case  is  reported  in  the  year-book,  1  Hen.  6,  5,  and  is  very  nearly 
as  stated  by  Mr.  Tucker  from  Stanford.  It  is  the  case  of  a  man, 
who  broke  prison  and  let  out  traitors.  Stanford  says  it  was 
adjudged  petit  treason;  the  year-books  merely  say  that  he  was 
drawn  and  hanged.  A  sentence  in  those  days,  when  the  notions 
and  punishment  of  treason  (notwithstanding  the  statute  of  Edward) 
remained  still  unsettled,  is  no  very  unequivocal  proof  that  his 
crime  was  petit  treason. 

******* 


188  WIRT'S    SPEECH.  [1S07, 

"  The  gentleman  next  read  the  case  of  Sir  Nicholas  Throgmor- 
ton's  sufferings,  as  they  are  presented  as  a  Gorgon's  head  by  Judge 
Tucker,  not  as  an  illustration  of  the  law,  but  by  way  of  exciting 
our  horror  against  a  corrupt  judge.  We  do  not  rely  upon  the 
authority  of  that  case.  What  can  be  the  motives  which  the  gen- 
tleman had  in  view,  in  reading  this  case  with  a  countenance  and 
cadence  of  such  peculiar  pathos  ?  Was  it  to  excite  our  sympa- 
thies, under  the  hope  that  our  apprehensions  and  feelings  when 
once  set  afloat  might,  for  the  want  of  some  otiier  living  object,  be 
graciously  transferred  to  his  client  ? 

"  It  was  with  the  same  view,  I  presume,  that  the  gentleman  gave 
us  the  pathetic  and  affecting  story  of  lady  Lisle,  as  it  is  touched 
by  the  elegant,  chaste  and  delicate  pencil  of  Hume.  It  was  with 
the  same  views,  also,  that  he  recited  from  the  same  author,  the 
deep,  perfidious  and  bloody  horrors  of  a  Kirk  and  a  Jefferies. 
Sensible  that  there  was  nothing  in  the  virtues  of  his  client  or  in 
this  cause  to  interest  us,  he  borrowed  the  sufferings  and  the  virtues 
of  a  Throgmorton  and  a  lady  Lisle,  to  enlist  our  affections  and  set 
our  hearts  a  bleeding,  hoping  that  our  pity  thus  excited  might  be 
transferred  and  attached  to  his  client.  I  hope  that  we  feel  as 
much  horror  at  the  infernal  depravity  of  Judge  Bromley  and  the 
sanguinary  and  execrable  tyranny  of  Judge  Jefferies  as  they  or  any 
other  gentlemen  can  feel.  But  these  cases  do  not  apply  to  merci- 
ful and  immaculate  judges.  We  cannot  think  it  very  compli- 
mentary or  respectful  to  this  court,  to  adduce  such  cases.  They 
seem  to  be  held  up  in  terrorem,  from  an  apprehension  that  their 
authority  would  be  admitted  here,  but  we  apprehend  no  such  con- 
sequence. 

"  But  he  says  that  since  the  revolution  of  1688,  the  British  de- 
cisions have  leaned  the  other  way,  and  go  to  shew  that  accesso- 
rial acts  do  not  make  a  principal  in  treason.  How  is  this  conclu- 
sion obtained?  By  any  adjudged  case?  No.  By  any  obiter 
dictum  of  a  judge?  No.  How  then  does  the  gentleman  support 
the  idea  of  this  change  in  the  English  law?  He  has  drawn  the 
reference  from  the  impunity  of  those  who  aided  the  Pretender, 
who  fought  his  battles  or  aided  him  in  his  flight.  This  is  a  new 
way  of  settling  legal  principles.  Sir,  this  was  the  mere  policy  of 
the  house  of  Hanover.  The  pretensions  of  the  Stuarts  had  di- 
vided the  British  nation.     Their  adherents  were  many  and  zeal- 


CHAP.  XIV.]  WIRT'S    SPEECH.  189 


ous.  Their  pretensions  were  crushed  in  battle.  Two  courses 
were  open  to  the  reigning  monarch :  either  by  clemency  and  for- 
bearance, to  assuage  the  animosity  of  his  enemies  and  brace  his 
throne  with  the  aliections  of  his  people;  or  to  pursue  his  enemies 
with  vengeance,  to  drive  them  to  desperation ;  to  disgust  his 
friends  by  needless  and  wanton  cruelty,  and  to  unsettle  and  float 
his  throne  in  the  blood  of  his  subjects.  He  chose  the  former 
course ;  and  because  either  from  magnanimity  or  policy,  or  both, 
he  spared  them,  he  supposes  that  the  law  of  treason  was  changed, 
and  that  they  could  not  be  punished.  To  prevent  this  inference, 
according  to  the  reasoning  of  the  gentleman,  it  was  necessary  to 
have  beheaded  or  hung  up  every  human  being  who  even  aided  the 
unfortunate  Charles  in  his  flight.  Mr.  Wickham  has  mentioned 
Miss  Macdonald;  and  he  would  have  the  monarch  to  have  ha- 
zarded the  indignation  and  revolt  of  a  generous  people,  by  seizing 
that  beautiful  and  romantic  enthusiast.  Flora  Macdonald,  and  drag- 
ging her  from  her  native  mountains  in  the  isle  of  Sky  to  a  prison 
and  to  death  !  The  truth  is,  as  we  are  told  by  Doctor  Johnson  in 
his  tour  to  the  Hebrides,  that  this  step,  impolitic  as  it  was,  never- 
theless was  hazarded,  though  but  partially.  She  was  carried  to 
London,  but,  together  with  M'Cleod  who  had  aided  in  the  same 
flight,  was  dismissed  on  the  pretext  of  the  want  of  evidence.  But 
certainly  the  forbearance  of  the  house  of  Hanover  to  punish  under 
an  existing  law  is  no  argument  of  the  change  of  that  law." 

The  argument  here  runs  into  a  long  and  minute  course  of  rea- 
soning, and  examination  of  authorities  upon  the  law  relating  to 
principals  and  accessories,  from  which  I  forbear  to  make  extracts. 

We  proceed  to  other  passages  of  more  interest.  In  one  of 
these  the  reader  will  recognize  a  portion  of  the  speech  which  has 
been  often  quoted  for  the  vivid  and  felicitous  picture  it  presents  of 
the  principal  coadjutor  in  the  conspiracy,  and  its  prominent  vic- 
tim— Herman  Blannerhasset.  To  this  poetical  tribute  of  the  pro- 
secuting counsel,  which  the  newspaper  press  of  the  day  made  so 
popular  through  the  country,  we  may  ascribe,  in  great  part,  that 
large  amount  of  public  sympathy  by  which  Blannerhasset's  parti- 
cipation in  the  nefarious  scheme  was  palliated  and  excused. 

"  I  come  now,  sir,  to  the  gentleman's  third  point,  in  which  he 
says  he  cannot  possibly  fail.  It  is  this :  'because  if  the  prisoner 
be  a  principal  in  the  treason  at  all,  he  is  a  principal  in  the  second 


190  WIRT'S    SPEECH.  [1807. 

degree;  and  his  guilt  being  of  that  kind  which  is  termed  deriva- 
tive, no  further  parol  evidence  can  be  let  in  to  charge  him,  until 
we  shew  a  record  of  the  conviction  of  the  principals  in  the  first 
degree.' 

"  By  this  I  understand  the  gentleman  to  advance,  in  other  terms, 
the  common  law  doctrine,  that  when  a  man  is  rendered  a  principal 
in  treason,  by  acts  which  would  make  him  an  accessory  in  felony, 
he  cannot  be  tried  before  the  principal  in  the  first  degree. 

"  I  understand  this  to  be  the  doctrine  of  the  common  law,  as 
established  by  all  the  authorities;  but  when  I  concede  this  point, 
I  insist  that  it  can  have  no  effect  in  favor  of  the  accused,  for  two 
reasons :  1st.  Because  it  is  the  mere  creature  of  the  common  law. 

"  2dly.  Because  if  the  common  law  of  England  be  our  law,  this 
position  assumes  what  is  denied,  that  the  conduct  of  the  prisoner 
in  this  case  is  of  an  accessorial  nature  or  such  as  would  make  him 
an  accessory  in  felony. 

"  First.  Because  this  position  is  the  mere  creature  of  the  com- 
mon law.  If  it  be  so,  no  consequence  can  be  deduced  from  it. 
It  is  sufficient,  on  this  branch  of  the  subject,  to  take  his  own  de- 
claration, that  the  common  law  does  not  exist  in  this  country.  If 
we  examine  the  Constitution  and  the  act  of  Congress,  we  shall  find 
that  this  idea  of  a  distinction  between  principals  in  the  first  and 
second  degree  depends  entirely  on  the  common  law.  Neither  the 
Constitution  nor  the  act  of  Congress  knows  any  such  distinction. 
Ml  who  levy  war  against  the  United  States,  whether  present  or 
absent — all  who  are  leagued  in  the  conspiracy,  whether  on  the 
spot  of  the  assemblage  or  performing  some  minute  and  inconsider- 
able part  in  it,  a  thousand  miles  from  the  scene  of  action,  incur 
equally  the  sentence  of  the  law:  they  are  all  equally  traitors. 
This  scale,  therefore,  which  graduates  the  guilt  of  the  offenders 
and  establishes  the  order  of  their  respective  trials,  if  it  ever  ex- 
isted here,  is  completely  abrogated  by  the  highest  authorities  in 
this  country.  The  Convention  which  formed  the  Constitution  and 
defined  treason.  Congress  which  legislated  on  that  subject,  and  the 
Supreme  Judiciary  of  the  country  expounding  the  Constitution  and 
the  law,  have  united  in  its  abrogation.  But  let  us  for  a  moment 
put  the  Convention,  Congress  and  the  Judiciary  aside,  and  examine 
how  the  case  will  stand.  Still  this  scale  of  moral  guilt,  which 
Mr.  Wickham  has  given  us,  is  the  creature  of  the  common  lato, 


CHAP.  XIV.]  WIRT'S    SPEECH,  191 

which  as  already  observed,  he  himself  in  another  branch  of  his 
argument  has  emphatically  told  us  does  not  exist  in  this  country. 
He  has  stated  that  the  creature  presupposes  the  creator,  and  that 
where  the  creator  does  not  exist,  the  creature  cannot.  The  com- 
mon law  then  being  the  creator  of  the  rule  which  Mr,  Wickham 
has  given  us,  and  that  common  law  not  existing  in  this  country, 
neither  can  the  rule  which  is  the  mere  creature  of  it  exist  in  this 
country.  So  that  the  gentleman  has  himself  furnished  the  argu- 
ment, which  refutes  this  infallible  point  of  his,  on  which  he  has 
so  much  relied.  But  to  try  this  position  to  its  utmost  extent,  let 
us  not  only  put  aside  the  Constitution  and  act  of  Congress  and  de- 
cision of  the  Supreme  Court,  but  let  us  admit  that  the  common  law 
does  exist  here.  Still  before  the  principle  could  apply,  it  would 
remain  to  be  proven,  that  the  conduct  of  the  prisoner  in  this  case 
has  been  accessorial ;  or  in  other  words,  that  his  acts  in  relation  to 
this  treason  are  of  such  a  nature  as  would  make  him  an  accessory 
in  felony. 

"  But  is  this  the  case  ?  It  is  a  mere  petitio  prmcipii.  It  is 
denied  that  his  acts  are  such  as  would  make  him  an  accessory  in 
felony.  I  have  already,  in  another  branch  of  this  subject,  en- 
deavored to  shew  on  the  grounds  of  authority  and  reason,  that  a 
man  might  be  involved  in  the  guilt  of  treason  as  a  principal  by 
being  hfj^ally  though  not  actually  present ;  that  treason  occupied  a 
much  wider  space  than  felony ;  that  the  scale  of  proximity  be- 
tween the  accessory  and  the  principal  must  be  extended  in  pro- 
portion to  the  extent  of  the  theatre  of  the  treason ;  and  that  as  the 
prisoner  must  be  considered  as  legally  present,  he  could  not  be  an 
accessory  but  a  principal.  If  I  have  succeeded  in  this,  I  have  in 
fact  proved  that  his  conduct  cannot  be  deemed  accessorial.  But 
an  error  has  taken  place  from  considering  the  scene  of  the  overt 
act  as  the  theatre  of  the  treason,  from  mistaking  the  overt  act  foi 
the  treason  itself,  and  consequently  from  referring  the  conduct  of 
the  prisoner  to  the  acts  on  the  island.  The  conduct  of  Aaron  Burr 
has  been  considered  in  relation  to  the  overt  act  on  Blannerhasset's 
island  only ;  whereas  it  ought  to  be  considered  in  connexion  with 
the  grand  design,  the  deep  plot  of  seizing  Orleans,  separating  the 
Union,  and  establishing  an  independent  empire  in  the  west,  of 
which  the  prisoner  was  to  be  the  chief.  It  ought  to  be  recollected 
that  these  were  his  objects,  and  that  the  whole  western  country 


192  WIRT'S   SPEECH.  [1807. 

from  Beaver  to  Orleans,  was  the  theatre  of  his  treasonable  opera- 
tions. It  is  by  this  first  reasoning  that  you  are  to  consider  whether 
he  be  a  principal  or  an  accessory,  and  not  by  limiting  your  in- 
quiries to  the  circumscribed  and  narrow  spot  in  the  island  where 
the  acts  charged  happened  to  be  performed.  Having  shewn,  I 
think,  on  the  ground  of  km,  that  the  prisoner  cannot  be  consid- 
ered as  an  accessory,  let  me  press  the  inquiry,  whether  on  the 
ground  of  reason  he  be  a  principal  or  an  accessory  ;  and  remem- 
ber that  his  project  was  to  seize  New  Orleans,  separate  the  Union, 
and  erect  an  independent  empire  in  the  west,  of  which  he  was  to 
be  the  chief  This  was  the  destination  of  the  plot  and  the  con- 
clusion of  the  drama.  Will  any  man  say  that  Blannerhasset  was 
the  principal,  and  Burr  but  an  accessory  .^  Who  will  believe  that 
Burr,  the  author  and  projector  of  the  plot,  who  raised  the  forces, 
who  enlisted  the  men,  and  who  procured  the  funds  for  carrying  it 
into  execution,  was  made  a  cat's  paw  of.''  Will  any  man  believe 
that  Burr,  who  is  a  soldier  bold,  ardent,  restless  and  aspiring,  the 
great  actor  whose  brain  conceived  and  whose  hand  brought  the 
plot  into  operation,  that  he  should  sink  down  into  an  accessory, 
and  that  Blannerhasset  should  be  elevated  into  a  principal?  He 
would  startle  at  once  at  the  thought.  Aaron  Burr,  the  contriver 
of  the  whole  conspiracy,  to  every  body  concerned  in  it,  was  as  the 
sun  to  the  planets  which  surround  him.  Did  he  not  bind  them  in 
their  respective  orbits  and  give  them  their  light,  their  heat  and 
their  motion.''  Yet  he  is  to  be  considered  an  accessory,  and  Blan- 
nerhasset is  to  be  the  principal ! 

"  Let  us  put  the  case  between  Burr  and  Blannerhasset.  Let  us 
compare  the  two  men  and  settle  this  question  of  precedence  be- 
tween them.  It  may  save  a  good  deal  of  troublesome  ceremony 
hereafter. 

"  Who  Aaron  Burr  is,  we  have  seen,  in  part,  already.  I  will 
add,  that  beginning  his  operations  in  New  York,  he  associates 
with  him  men  whose  wealth  is  to  supply  the  necessary  funds. 
Possessed  of  the  main  spring,  his  personal  labor  contrives  all  the 
machinery.  Pervading  the  continent  from  New  York  to  New 
Orleans,  he  draws  into  his  plan,  by  every  allurement  which  he 
can  contrive,  men  of  all  ranks  and  descriptions.  To  youthful 
ardor  he  presents  danger  and  glory ;  to  ambition,  rank  and  titles 
and  honors  ■,  to  avarice  the  mines  of  Mexico.     To  each  person 


CHAP.  XIV.]  WIRT'S    SPEECH.  193 

whom  he  addresses  he  presents  the  object  adapted  to  his  taste. 
His  recruiting  officers  are  appointed.     Men  are  engaged  tlirough- 
out  the  continent.     Civil  life  is,  indeed,  quiet  upon  its  surface,  but 
in  its  bosom  this  man  has  contrived  to  deposit  the  materials  which, 
with  the  slightest  touch  of  his   match,  produce  an  explosion  to 
shake  the  continent.     All  this  his  restless  ambition  has  contrived  ; 
and  in  the  autumn  of  180G,  he  goes  forth,  for  the  last  time,  to 
apply  this  match.     On  this  occasion  he  meets  with  Blannerhasset. 
"  Who  is  Blannerhasset  ?     A  native  of  Ireland,  a  man  of  letters, 
who  fled  from  the  storms  of  his  own  country  to  find  quiet  in  ours. 
His  history  shows  that  war  is  not  the  natural  element  of  his  mind. 
If  it   had   been,  he   never   would   have   exchanged   Ireland   for 
America.     So  far  is  an  army  from  furnishing  the  society  natural 
and  proper  to  Mr,  Blannerhasset's  character,  that  on  his  arrival  in 
America,  he   retired   even  from   the  population  of  the  Atlantic 
states,  and  sought  quiet  and  solitude  in  the  bosom  of  our  western 
forests.     But  he  carried  with  him  taste  and  science  and  wealth ; 
and  lo,  the  desert  smiled !     Possessing  himself  of  a  beautiful  island 
in  the  Ohio,  he  rears  upon  it  a  palace  and  decdtates  it  with  every 
romantic  embellishment  of  fancy,      A  shrubbery,  that  Shenstone 
might  have  envied,  blooms  around  him.     Music,  that  might  have 
charmed  Calypso  and  her  nymphs,  is  his.      An  extensive  library 
spreads  its  treasures  before  him.     A  philosophical  apparatus  offers 
to  him  all  the  secrets  and  mysteries  of  nature.     Peace,  tranquillity 
and  innocence  shed  their  mingled  delights  around  him.     And  to 
crown  the  encliantment  of  the  scene,  a  wife,  who  is  said  to  be 
lovely  even  beyond  her  sex  and  graced  with  every  accomplish- 
ment that  can  render  it  irresistible,  had  blessed  him  with  her  love 
and  made   him  the   father   of  several    children.     The   evidence 
would  convince  you,  that  this  is  but  a  faint  picture  of  tJie  real  life. 
In  the  midst  of  all  this  peace,  this  innocent  simplicity  and  this  tran- 
quillity, this  feast  of  the  mind,  this  pure  banquet  of  the  heart,  the 
destroyer  comes ;  he  comes  to  change  this  paradise  into  a  hell. 
Yet  the  flowers  do  not  wither  at  his   approach.     No  monitory 
shuddering  through  the  bosom  of  their  unfortunate  possessor  warns 
him  of  the  ruin  that  is  coming  upon  him.     A  stranger  presents 
himself.     Introduced  to  their  civilities  by  the  high  rank  which  he 
had  lately  held  in   his   country,  he  soon   finds  his  way  to  their 
hearts,  by  the  dignity  and  elegance  of  his  demeanor,  the  light  and 

VOL.  1  — 17 


194  WIRT'S    SPEECH.  [1807. 

beauty  of  his  conversation  and  the  seductive  and  fascinating  power 
of  his  address.  The  conquest  was  not  difficult.  Innocence  is 
ever  simple  and  credulous.  Conscious  of  no  design  itself,  it  sus- 
pects none  in  others.  It  wears  no  guard  before  its  breast.  Every 
door  and  portal  and  avenue  of  the  heart  is  thrown  open,  and  all 
who  choose  it  enter.  Such  was  the  state  of  Eden  when  the 
serpent  entered  its  bowers.  The  prisoner,  in  a  more  engaging 
form,  winding  himself  into  the  open  and  unpractised  heart  of  the 
unfortunate  Blannerhasset,  found  but  little  ditficulty  in  changing  the 
native  character  of  that  heart  and  the  objects  of  its  affection.  By 
degrees,  he  infuses  into  it  the  poison  of  his  own  ambition.  He 
breathes  into  it  the  fire  of  his  own  courage ;  a  daring  and  desper- 
ate thirst  for  glory ;  an  ardour  panting  for  great  enterprises,  for 
all  the  storm  and  bustle  and  hurricane  of  life.  In  a  short  time 
the  whole  man  is  changed,  and  every  object  of  his  former  delight 
is  relinquished.  No  more  he  enjoys  the  tranquil  scene;  it  has  be- 
come flat  and  insipid  to  his  taste.  His  books  are  abandoned.  His 
retort  and  crucible  are  thrown  aside.  His  shrubbery  blooms  and 
breathes  its  fragrafTce  upon  the  air  in  vain;  he  likes  it  not.  His 
ear  no  longer  drinks  the  rich  melody  of  music ;  it  longs  for  the 
trumpet's  clangor  and  the  cannon's  roar.  Even  the  prattle  of  his 
babes,  once  so  sweet,  no  longer  affects  him  ;  and  the  angel  smile 
of  his  wife,  which  hitherto  touched  his  bosom  with  ecstasy  so  un- 
speakable, is  now  unseen  and  unfelt.  Greater  objects  have  taken 
possession  of  his  soul.  His  imagination  has  been  dazzled  by 
visions  of  diadems,  of  stars  and  garters  and  titles  of  nobility.  He 
has  been  tau2;ht  to  burn  with  restless  emulation  at  the  names  of 
great  heroes  and  conquerors.  His  enchanted  island  is  destined 
soon  to  relapse  into  a  wilderness ;  and  in  a  few  months  we  find 
the  beautiful  and  tender  partner  of  his  bosom,  wdiom  he  lately 
'  permitted  not  the  winds  of  summer  '  to  visit  too  roughly'  we  find 
her  shivering  at  midnight,  on  the  wintery  banks  of  the  Ohio  and 
mingling  her  tears  with  the  torrents,  that  froze  as  they  fell.  Yet 
this  unfortunate  man,  thus  deluded  from  his  interest  and  his  hap- 
piness, thus  seduced  from  the  paths  of  innocence  and  peace,  thus 
confounded  in  the  toils  that  were  deliberately  spread  for  him,  and 
overwhelmed  by  the  mastering  spirit  and  genius  of  another — this 
man,  thus  ruined  and  undone  and  made  to  play  a  subordinate  part 
in  this  grand  drama  of  guilt  and  treason,  this  man  is  to  be  called 


CHAP.  XIV.]  WIRT^S    SPEECH.  195 

the  principal  offender,  while  /le,  by  whom  he  was  thus  plunged  in 
misery,  is  comparatively  innocent,  a  mere  accessory !  Is  this 
reason?  Is  it  law.''  Is  it  humanity.''  Sir,  neither  the  human 
heart  nor  the  human  understanding  will  bear  a  perversion  so 
monstrous  and  absurd !  so  shocking  to  the  soul !  so  revolting  to 
reason !  Let  Aaron  Burr  then  not  shrink  from  the  high  destina- 
tion which  he  has  courted,  and  having  already  ruined  Blannerhas- 
set  in  fortune,  character  and  happiness  forever,  let  him  not  attempt 
to  finish  the  tragedy  by  thrusting  that  ill-fated  man  between  him- 
self and  punishment. 

"  Upon  the  whole,  sir,  reason  declares  Aaron  Burr  the  principal 
in  this  crime  and  confirms  herein  the  sentence  of  the  law;  and  the 
gentleman,  in  saying  that  his  offence  is  of  a  derivative  and  acces- 
sorial nature,  begs  tiie  question  and  draws  his  conclusions  from 
what,  instead  of  being  conceded,  is  denied.  It  is  clear  from  what 
lias  been  said,  that  Burr  did  not  derive  his  guilt  from  the  men  on 
the  island,  but  imparted  his  own  guilt  to  them ;  that  he  is  not  an 
accessory  but  a  principal ;  and  therefore,  that  there  is  nothing  in 
the  objection  which  demands  a  record  of  their  conviction  before 
we  shall  go  on  with  our  proof  against  him. 

"  The  question  then  is,  whether,  all  these  things  admitted,  the 
assemblage  on  the  island  were  an  overt  act  of  levying  war.  Here, 
sir,  are  we  forced  most  reluctantly  to  argue  to  the  court,  on  only 
a  part  of  the  evidence,  in  presence  of  the  jury,  before  they  have 
heard  the  rest  of  the  evidence,  which  might  go  a  great  way  to 
explain  or  alter  its  effect.  But  unpleasant  as  the  question  is  in 
this  way,  we  must  meet  it.  What  is  an  open  act  of  levying  war } 
To  which  we  are  obliged  to  answer,  that  it  must  be  decided  by 
the  Constitution  and  act  of  Congress. 

"  Gentlemen  on  the  other  side,  speaking  on  this  subject,  have 
asked  us  for  battles,  bloody  battles,  hard  knocks,  the  noise  of 
cannon.  '  Shew  us  your  open  acts  of  war,'  they  exclaim.  Hard 
knocks,  says  one,  are  things  we  can  all  feel  and  understand. 
Where  was  the  open  deed  of  war,  this  bloody  battle,  this  bloody 
war }  cries  another.  No  where,  gentlemen.  There  was  no  bloody 
battle.  There  was  no  bloody  war.  The  energy  of  a  despised 
and  traduced  government  prevented  that  tragical  consequence. 
In  reply  to  all  this  blustering  and  clamor  for  blood  and  havoc,  let 


196  WIRT'S    SPEECH. 


[1S07. 


me  ask  calmly  and  temperately,  does  our  Constitution  and  act  of 
Congress  require  them?  Can  treason  be  committed  by  nothing 
short  of  actual  battle?  Mr.  Wickham,  shrinking  from  a  position 
so  bold  and  indefensible,  has  said  that  if  there  be  not  actual  force, 
there  must  be  at  least  potential  force,  such  as  terror  and  intimi- 
dation struck  by  the  treasonable  assemblage.  We  will  examine 
this  idea  presently.  Let  us,  at  this  moment,  recur  to  the  constitu- 
tional definition  of  treason,  or  to  so  much  thereof  as  relates  to  this 
case.  '  Treason  against  the  United  States  shall  consist  only  in 
levying  war  against  them,'  not  in  making  war,  but  in  levying  it. 
The  whole  question  then  turns  on  the  meaning  of  that  word, 
levying.  This  word,  however,  the  gentlemen  on  the  other  side 
have  artfully  dropped  :  as  if  conscious  of  its  operation  against 
them,  they  have  entirely  omitted  to  use  it. 

"  We  know  that  ours  is  a  motley  language,  variegated  and  en- 
riched by  the  plunder  of  many  foreign  stores.  When  we  derive 
a  word  from  the  Greek,  the  Latin  or  any  other  foreign  language, 
living  or  dead,  philologists  have  always  thought  it  most  safe  and 
correct  to  go  to  the  original  language,  for  the  purpose  of  ascer- 
taining the  precise  meaning  of  such  word.  Levy,  we  are  told  by 
all  our  lexicographers,  is  a  word  of  French  origin.  It  is  proper, 
therefore,  that  we  should  turn  to  the  dictionary  of  that  language 
to  ascertain  its  true  and  real  meaning ;  and  I  believe  we  shall  not 
find  that  when  applied  to  war,  it  ever  means  to  fight,  as  the  gentle- 
men on  the  other  side  would  have  us  to  believe.  Boyer's  Dic- 
tionary is  before  me,  sir,  and  1  am  the  more  encouraged  to  appeal 
to  him,  because  in  the  case  of  Bollman  and  Swartwout,  your 
Honor,  in  estimating  the  import  of  this  very  w'ord,  thought  it  not 
improper  to  refer  to  the  authority  of  Dr.  Johnson. 

'" Lever, '  the  verb  active,  signifies,  according  to  Boyer,  'to 
lift,  heave,  hold  or  raise  up.'  Under  the  verb  he  has  no  phrase 
applicable  to  our  purpose  :  but  under  the  substantive  levee,  he  has 
several.     I  will  give  you  them  all. 

"  Lev6e  cVtni  siege,  the  raising  of  a  siege.  Levee  des  fruits, 
gathering  of  fruits,  crop,  harvest. 

"  La  levie  du  parlement  Britannique,  the  rising  or  recess  of  the 
British  Parliament.  Levee  (collecte  de  dtniers)  a  levy-raising  or 
gathering. 


CHAP.  XIV.  WIRT'S    SPEECH.  197 

"  Levee  de  gens  de  guerre^  levying,  levy,  or  raising  of  soldiers. 
Faire  des  levies  de  soldats^  to  levy  or  raise  soldiers. 

"  So  that  when  applied  to  fruits  or  taxes,  it  means  gathering  as 
well  as  raising.  When  applied  to  soldiers  it  means  raising  only; 
not  gathering,  assembling  or  even  bringing  them  together,  but 
merely  raising.  Johnson  takes  both  these  meanings,  as  you  men- 
tioned in  the  case  of  Bollman  and  Swartwout ;  but  in  the  original 
language,  we  see  that  levying,  when  applied  to  soldiers,  means 
simply  the  raising  them,  without  any  thing  further.  In  military 
matters,  levying  and  raising,  if  Boyer  may  be  trusted,  are  syno- 
nymous. 

"But  to  ascertain  still  more  satisfactorily  the  meaning  of  this 
word  levy^  let  us  look  to  the  source  from  which  we  have  bor- 
rowed the  whole  definition  of  treason,  the  statute  of  25  Edward 
III.  The  statute  is  in  Norman  French,  and,  in  describing  the 
treason  of  levying  war,  uses  these  words ;  '  Si  home  leve  de  guerre^ 
contre  noslre  seigneur  le  roy  en  son  royalme? 

"  In  a  subsequent  reign,  I  mean  the  factious  and  turbulent  reign 
of  Richard  II,  when  the  statute  of  Edward,  although  unrepealed, 
was  forgotten,  lost  and  buried  under  the  billows  of  party  rage  and 
vengeance,  it  became,  at  length,  necessary  for  parliament  to  inter- 
fere and  break  in  pieces  the  engine  of  destructive  treason;  and  in 
the  21st  year  of  Richard  II,  a  statute  was  passed,  which  may  be 
considered  as  a  parliamentary  construction  of  that  of  Edward  III. 
In  that  statute,  the  treason  of  levying  war  is  thus  explained, '  Celuy 
que  levy  le  peuple  et  chevaclie  encounter  le  roy  a  faire  guerre 
deins  son  realme.''  Here  the  French  verb,  leve,  is  the  same  as  that 
used  in  the  statute  of  Edward,  with  an  unimportant  orthographic 
variation ;  and  here  it  is  clearly  contradistinguished  from  the 
actual  war.  The  levy  is  of  men  and  horses,  for  the  purpose  of 
making  loar ;  and  the  levy  would  have  been  complete,  although 
the  purpose  had  never  been  executed.  I  consider,  therefore,  the 
statute  of  Richard,  as  not  only  adding  another  authority  to  Boyer, 
to  prove  that  the  extent  of  the  French  verb  lever,  when  applied  to 
soldiers,  goes  no  farther  than  the  raising  them ;  but  I  consider  that 
statute  also  as  a  parliamentary  exposition  or  glossary  of  the  phrase 
levy  de  guerre,  in  the  statute  of  Edward. 

^  tF  ^  ^  ^  * 

VOL.   1—17* 


19S  WIRT'S    SPEECH.  [1807. 

"  Mr.  Lee  sa3's,  that  hard  knocks  are  things  we  can  all  feel,  yet 
it  is  equally  true  that  an  assemblage  of  men  is  an  object  we  can 
all  see.  True  it  is,  as  the  gentleman  says,  that  cannons  and  small 
arms  may  be  heard ;  and  so  may  the  disclosure  of  a  treasonable 
plot.  At  last,  the  overt  act  which  they  require  is  but  an  appeal 
to  the  human  senses;  and  the  overt  act  which  we  have  proven  is 
equally  satisfactory  to  them.  Why  do  they  insist  on  calling  in  the 
sense  of  feeling  to  tlie  sense  of  hearing.^  He  may  say,  if  we 
were  to  feel  it,  that  Ave  must  also  taste  and  smell  it.  Mr.  Wick- 
Ijam  indeed  complains,  that  if  you  stop  him  short  of  actual  force, 
you  take  away  the  locus  pcenitcniue.  I  say,  if  you  do  not  stop 
short  of  it,  you  take  away  the  motive  of  repentance;  for  you 
ofter  the  traitor  victory  and  triumph,  and  it  is  not  in  their  arms 
that  we  are  to  expect  from  him  repentance.  But  was  there,  sir, 
110  opportunity  for  repentance  in  this  case .''  We  shall  prove  that 
the  prisoner  was  for  more  than  a  year  brooding  over  this  treason. 
The  ruin  and  desolation  that  he  was  about  to  bring  upon  this  coun- 
try must  have  been  often  before  him.  If  all  love  of  his  country 
were  so  far  extinguished  in  his  breast,  that  he  could  not  forbear, 
if  the  downfall  of  liberty  and  the  horrors  of  civil  war  gave  no 
]»ang  of  remorse  to  his  bosom,  why,  for  his  own  sake,  did  he  not 
lepent.''  Why  did  he  not  remember  Cromwell  and  the  treason 
and  fate  of  Caesar? — Cromwell,  as  bold  and  daring  as  himself; 
the  miserable  effects  of  his  successful  usurpation;  the  terrors  that 
liaunted  and  scourged  him  day  and  night,  and  blasted  him  even 
amidst  the  splendor  of  a  palace.  Cajsar  and  Cromwell  he  did  not 
forget;  but  he  remembered  them  as  objects  of  competition  and 
rivalship;  not  to  detest  and  abhor,  but  to  envy,  admire  and  emu- 
late. Such  was  the  kind  of  remorse  which  he  felt  at  the  idea  of 
drenching  his  country  in  blood  and  substituting  despotism  for 
liberty;  such  the  very  promising  disposition  and  temper  for  re- 
])entance  which  alone  he  manifested. 

"  Mr.  Randolph  wishes  to  know  how  the  line  can  be  drawn  be- 
tween enlisting  and  striking  a  blow.  The  answer  is  obvious :  Jll 
the  point  of  the  assemblage,  where  the  courts  of  England  and  the 
highest  court  in  this  country  have  concurred  in  drawing  it.  A  line 
strong  and  plain  enough  to  be  seen  and  known  is  drawn.  Does 
leason,  sir,  require  that  you  should  wait  until  the  blow  be  struck.^ 
If  so,  adieu  to  the  law  of  treason  and  to  the  chance  of  punish- 


CHAP.  XIV.]  WIRT'S    SPEECH.  199 

ment.  The  aspiring  traitor  has  only  to  lay  his  plans,  assemble 
his  forces  and  strike  no  blow  till  he  be  in  such  power  as  to  defy 
resistance.  He  understands  the  law  of  treason.  He  draws  a  line 
of  demarkation  for  the  purpose  of  keeping  within  the  boundary 
of  the  law.  He  projects  an  enterprise  of  treason.  He  enlists 
men.  He  directs  all  the  operations  essential  to  its  success  from 
one  end  of  the  continent  to  the  other ;  but  he  keeps  himself  within 
the  pale  of  the  law.  He  goes  on  continually  acquiring  accessions 
of  strength,  like  a  snowball  on  the  side  of  a  mountain,  till  he  be- 
comes too  large  for  resistance  and  sweeps  everything  before  him. 
He  does  everything  short  of  striking  a  blow.  He  advances  till 
he  gets  to  New  Orleans.  He  does  not  hazard  the  blow  till  he  is 
completely  ready,  and  when  he  does  strike,  it  will  be  absolutely 
irresistible.  Then  what  becomes  of  your  Constitution,  your  law 
of  Congress  or  your  courts  ?  He  laughs  them  to  scorn.  Is  this 
the  way  to  discourage  treason  .''  Is  it  not  the  best  way  to  excite 
and  promote  it.-*  to  insure  it  the  most  complete  success.'  I  con- 
clude, therefore,  that  reason  does  not  require  force  to  constitute 
treason. 

******* 
"This  court  then  having  itself  decided,  that  the  question,  whether 
there  have  been  an  overt  act  or  not,  belongs  essentially  to  the 
jury,  it  is  strange  that  the  prisoner  should  persist  in  pressing  it  on 
the  court.  What  does  he  mean  by  calling  on  the  court  to  decide 
on  the  fact  of  levying  war.'  Have  you  the  power,  sir.'  I  should 
like  to  know  where  the  authority  can  be  found  to  prove  that  you 
have  it.'  And  suppose  the  court  thinks  it  has  this  power  and 
should  exert  it,  what  will  be  the  consequences .'  Will  it  not  take 
away  from  the  jury  their  acknowledged  right  of  deciding  on  facts .' 
But  the  anxious  perseverance  of  the  prisoner  in  this  course  cer- 
tainly implies  a  reflection,  either  on  the  jury  or  the  court:  it  im- 
plies either  that  the  jury  will  not  do  him  justice,  or  that  the  court 
unll  do  him  more  than  justice.  If  he  believed  the  jury  would  do 
him  justice,  and  wished  nothing  more,  he  would  be  content  to  leave 
his  case  to  them.  If  he  believed  they  would  not  do  him  justice, 
and  he  therefore  tries  to  force  his  cause  before  the  court,  whether 
it  will  or  no,  I  may  truly  say,  that  he  exhibits  a  phenomenon  un- 
precedented upon  this  earth  :  a  man  flying  from  a  jury  of  his  peers 
to  take  refuge  under  the  wings  of  the  court !     Sir,  I  can  never 


200  WIRT'S    SPEECH.  [1S07. 

think  so  ill  of  my  countrymen  as  to  believe,  that  innocence  need 
fly  from  them ;  nor  will  my  respect  for  the  court  permit  me,  for  a 
moment,  to  apprehend  that  it  will  invade  the  peculiar  and  acknow- 
ledged province  of  the  jury.  This  court  well  knows  that  my 
respect  for  its  members,  as  private  gentlemen  and  officially,  is  too 
great  to  apprehend  that  remarks  of  a  general  nature  will  be 
applied  to  them.  But  if,  at  this  period,  wiien  the  bench  is  so  dis- 
tinguished by  intellectual  power  and  superior  illumination,  a  pre- 
cedent be  set,  by  which  the  great  fact  in  trial  for  life  and  death  shall 
be  wrested  from  the  jury  and  decided  by  the  bench,  what  use  may 
not  be  made  of  it  hereafter.''  In  the  fluctuations  of  party,  in  the 
bitterness  of  rancor  and  political  animosity,  the  judges  may  lead 
juries  to  one  side  or  the  other,  as  they  may  think  proper.  They 
may  dictate  as  to  the  existence  of  an  overt  act,  and  thus  decide  the 
fate  of  a  prisoner.  If  a  judge  sitting  on  the  bench  shall  decide  on 
facts  as  well  as  law  in  a  prosecution  for  treason,  he  may  sacrifice 
or  rescue  whom  he  pleases.  If  he  be  a  political  partisan,  he  may 
save  his  friends  from  merited  punishment  or  blast  his  foes  unjustly. 
If  judges  in  future  times,  not  having  the  feelings  of  humanity  and 
patriotism  which  they  have  in  these  days,  but  animated  by  the 
zeal  and  factious  spirit  of  party,  to  promote  the  views  of  party, 
shall  have  the  power  now  proposed  to  be  exercised,  w'hat  will  be 
the  posture  and  fate  of  this  country  then .''  If  you  establish  this 
precedent,  some  tyrant  Bromley  or  some  ruffan  Jefferies  may 
mount  the  bench.  Can  the  soul  look  forward  without  horror  to 
the  dark  and  bloody  deeds  which  he  might  perpetrate,  armed  with 
such  a  precedent  as  you  are  now  called  on  to  set .''  But  you  will 
not  set  it,  sir.  You  will  not  bring  your  country  to  see  an  hour  so 
fearful  and  perilous  as  that  which  shall  witness  the  ruin  of  the 
trial  by  jury.  I  shudder  to  reflect  what  might  be  the  consequences 
of  such  an  hour.  You  will  cast  your  eyes  into  futurity,  and  fore- 
seeing the  calamities  that  must  result  from  so  dangerous  an  ex- 
ample, will  avoid  it.  You  will  be  satisfied  that  neither  reason  nor 
the  laws  of  England  or  of  this  country  support  the  doctrine,  that 
you  have  the  power  to  prevent  this  jury  from  proceeding  in  their 
inquiry,  merely,  because  your  mind  is  satisfied  that  the  overt  act  is 
not  proved. 

"  All  the  distinctions,  which  Mr.  Wickham  and  Mr.  Randolph 
have  taken,  have  gone  On  the  dangers  of  constructive  treason. 


CHAP.  XIV.]  WIRT'S    SPEECH.  201 

All  their  apprehensions  on  this  subject  seem  to  me  to  be  perfectly- 
visionary.  They  appear  to  result  from  this  mistake :  They  look 
at  the  dangers  of  constructive  treason  under  the  common  law,  an- 
terior to  the  statute  of  Edward,  They  look  into  the  terrors  ex- 
pressed by  Hale  when  he  enumerates  the  many  various  kinds  of 
treason,  before  that  statute  limited  the  number.  The  meaning  of 
constructive  treason  is  generally  misconceived.  It  is  well  explained 
in  1  Easfs  Crown  Laic,  p.  12:  ^Constructive  levying  of  war  is  in 
truth  more  directed  against  the  government  than  the  person  of  the 
king,  though  in  legal  construction,  it  is  a  levying  of  war  against 
the  kina:  himself.  This  is  when  an  insurrection  is  raised  to  reform 
some  national  grievance,  to  alter  the  established  laws  or  religion, 
to  punish  magistrates,  to  introduce  innovations  of  a  public  concern, 
to  obstruct  the  execution  of  some  general  law,  by  an  armed  force, 
or  for  any  other  purpose  lohich  usurps  the  government  in  matters  of 
a  public  and  general  concern.''  It  is  therefore  true,  as  laid  down 
by  Mr.  Rawle  in  Fries's  trial,  p.  161,  'that  what  in  England  is 
called  constructive  levying  of  ivar,  in  this  country  must  be  called 
direct  levying  of  war.'  Although  this  seems  not  to  be  assented  to 
by  Judge  Tucker,  (4th  Tucker''s  Blackstone  Appendix,  13-14,j 
possibly  because  he  did  not  examine  that  point  as  thoroughly  as 
he  did  the  doctrine  of  treason  generally. 

Before  that  statute  passed,  the  dangers  resulting  from  arbitrary 
constructions  of  treason  were  great  and  grievous,  and  the  com- 
plaints against  them  as  vehement  as  they  were  just.  Levying  war 
in  England  against  the  king  or  his  government,  the  '  crimen  licsce 
majestaiis,''  consists  of  direct  and  express  levying  of  war  against 
the  king's  natural  person ;  constructive  levying  it  against  his  gov- 
ernment or  his  authority  in  his  political  person.  In  America,  the 
crime  is  defined  in  the  Constitution.  It  consists  in  levying  war 
against  the  United  States.  In  England,  it  consists  in  an  opposition 
to  the  king's  authority  or  prerogative.  Here  it  is  against  the 
Constitution  and  government.  In  England,  when  it  is  intended 
against  the  life  of  the  prince,  it  may  consist  in  mere  imagination, 
in  the  mere  design  or  intent  of  the  mind.  But  in  this  country  the 
offence  is  against  the  government,  the  political  person  only;  and  it 
is  actual  war.  As  it  is  against  the  government,  not  against  a 
natural  person,  it  may  be  said  to  be  constructive.  But  constructive 
interpretations  of  treason,  which  produced  so  much  terror  and 


202  WIRT'S    SPEECH. 


[1807. 


alarm  formerly  in  England,  and  against  the  abuses  of  which  gen- 
tlemen have  declaimed  so  pathetically,  cannot  take  place  in  this 
country.  They  are  expressly  excluded  by  the  Constitution.  Upon 
the  whole,  I  contend,  that  the  meeting  on  Blannerhasset's  island, 
the  intention  of  which  is  proven  to  be  traitorous,  was  an  act  of 
treason ;  that  the  assemblage,  with  such  intention,  was  sufficient 
for  that  purpose.  And  if  it  were  not  sufficient,  this  court  cannot 
stop  the  proceedings.     The  jury  must  proceed  with  the  inquiry. 

"I  have  finished  what  I  had  to  say.  I  beg  pardon  for  consuming 
the  time  of  the  court  so  long.  I  thank  it  for  its  patient  and  polite 
attention.  I  am  too  much  exhausted  to  recapitulate,  and  to  such  a 
court  as  this  is,  I  am  sure  it  is  unnecessary." 

This  is  an  exhibition  of  some  of  the  most  prominent  passages,  of 
a  speech  which  fills  seventy  pages  of  an  octavo  volume,  and  which 
occupied  several  hours  in  the  delivery.  I  have  excluded  from 
these  extracts  a  large  portion  of  the  argument  which  dealing, 
principally,  in  minute  discriminations  of  technical  law,  and  in  the 
analysis  of  legal  decisions,  could  scarcely  be  expected  to  interest 
the  general  reader,  and  w^hich  would  be  still  less  satisfactory  to 
members  of  the  legal  profession  who  have  familiar  access  to  the 
full  report  of  the  trial. 

It  may  be  remarked  of  this  speech,  that  having  been  made  at  a 
lime  w^hen  the  speaker  was  yet  in  the  vigor  of  youthful  manhood, 
and  somew^hat  noted  for  the  vivacity  of  his  imagination  and  the 
warmth  of  his  feelings,  he  may  be  supposed  to  have  made  this 
eflbrt  at  disadvantage,  under  the  restraints  necessarily  imposed 
upon  him  by  the  nature  of  the  subject  and  the  forum  to  which  he 
spoke.  It  was  an  argument  upon  mere  questions  of  law,  suffi- 
ciently abstruse  and  technical  in  their  nature  to  forbid  any  very 
free  excursion  of  the  fancy,  and  to  defy  the  attractions  of  declama- 
tion. The  orator,  addressing  himself  to  the  most  severe  and  dis- 
ciplined mind  in  the  judiciary  of  the  nation,  doubtless  felt  his 
inclination  constantly  rebuked  by  the  presence  in  which  he  stood. 
He  could  not  lose  the  consciousness  of  an  ever  present  constraint 
imposed  upon  him  by  the  place,  and  the  subject,  both  exacting  logi- 
cal precision  and  compact  legal  deduction.  We  cannot  but  remark, 
in  the  perusal  of  the  speech,  hoAV  apparent  is  the  inclination  of  the 
speaker  to  escape  from  this  thraldom,  and  to  recreate  his  mind  in 
the  more  congenial  fields  of  rhetorical  display ;  and  how  obviously 


CHAP.  XIV.]  TESTIMONY    OF    MR.   flIERCER.  203 

he  has  felt  the  exigency  of  the  argument,  like  a  stone  tied  to  the 
wings  of  his  fancy  to  bring  him  quickly  back,  on  every  flight,  to 
the  labor  of  his  task.  At  that  period  in  the  life  of  William  Wirt, 
his  forensic  fame  was  much  more  connected  with  his  efforts  before 
a  jury,  than  in  discussions  addressed  to  the  bench ;  and  we  cannot 
help  feeling  some  regret,  while  speculating  upon  the  peculiar 
power  of  the  advocate  and  looking  alone  to  our  own  satisfaction, 
that  this  celebrated  and  important  trial  had  not  offered  him  an 
occasion  to  argue  the  questions  of  fact  with  which  it  abounded,  as 
well  as  the  points  of  law  to  which  we  have  adverted. 

The  description  of  the  abode  of  Blannerhasset  which  furnished 
a  legitimate  opportunity  to  the  indulgence  of  Mr.  Wirt's  peculiar 
vein  of  eloquence  in  this  trial,  seems  to  have  inspired  one  of  the 
witnesses  with  the  same  fervor  of  poetical  rapture  in  giving  a 
sketch  of  this  woodland  paradise. 

A  most  estimable  gentleman,  who  is  yet  alive  to  recall  to 
memory  the  scenes  which  so  attracted  his  youthful  fancy, — Mr. 
Charles  Fenton  Mercer,  had  visited  the  island,  upon  the  invitation 
of  its  proprietor,  just  at  tlie  time  when  the  conspiracy  was  said  to 
be  nearest  its  point  of  explosion.  As  he  had  seen  nothing  on  this 
visit  calculated  to  awaken  his  alarm  for  the  peace  of  the  country, 
his  testimony  was  introduced  into  the  trial  for  the  misdemeanor, 
which  immediately  followed  the  acquittal  on  the  charge  of  treason. 
This  testimony  was  recorded  in  a  written  deposition,  a  few 
extracts  from  which  will  gratify  the  reader  by  enabling  him  to 
compare  Mr.  Wirt's  glowing  picture  with  the  actual  impression 
which  the  scene  made  upon  Mr.  Mercer. 

"  On  Saturday  evening,  the  sixth  day  of  December,  this  de- 
ponent arrived,  in  the  course  of  his  journey  nome,  at  the  shore  of 
Ohio,  opposite  to  the  island  of  Mr.  Blannerhasset;  and  having  first 
learned,  with  some  surprise,  that  Mr.  Blannerhasset  was  yet  on 
the  island,  crossed  over  to  his  house  in  a  violent  storm  of  wind 
and  rain.  That  evening  and  the  following  day  he  spent  at  the 
most  elegant  seat  in  Virginia,  in  the  society  of  Mr.  Blannerhasset 
and  his  lovely  and  accomplished  lady. 

******* 

"  This  deponent  having  expressed  a  desire  to  become  the  pur- 
chaser of  Mr.  Blannerhasset's  farm,  he  had  the  goodness  to  show 
him  the  plan  and  arrangements  of  his  house.     Every  room  in  it 


204  TESTIxMONY    OF   MR.    MERCER. 


[1807. 


was  opened  to  his  inspection.  As  he  walked  through  its  different 
apartments,  the  proprietor  frequently  apologized  for  the  confusion 
into  which  his  furniture  was  thrown  by  his  preparation  for  leaving 
it ;  and  observed  that  the  greater  part  of  his  furniture,  his  musical 
instruments,  and  his  library  containing  several  thousand  volumes 
of  books,  were  packed  up  for  his  immediate  removal. 

******* 
"  Mr.  Blannerhasset  having  intended,  before  deponent  reached 
his  house,  to  visit  Marietta  on  Sunday  evening,  the  deponent 
availed  himself  of  a  double  motive  to  quit  this  attractive  spot. 
He  did  not  leave  it,  however,  without  regretting  that  the  engage- 
ments of  its  proprietor,  and  his  own  dreary  journey,  but  just  begun 
in  the  commencement  of  winter,  forbade  him  to  prolong  a  visit 
which,  although  so  transient,  had  afforded  him  so  much  pleasure. 
*  *  *  All  that  he  had  seen,  heard  or  felt, 

corresponded  so  little  with  the  criminal  designs  imputed  to  Mr. 
Blannerhasset,  that  if  he  could  have  visited  him  with  unfavorable 
sentiments,  they  would  have  vanished  before  the  light  of  a  species 
of  evidence  which,  if  not  reducible  to  the  strict  rules  of  legal  tes- 
timony, has,  nevertheless,  a  potent  influence  over  all  sensitive 
hearts,  and  which  though  it  possess  not  the  formal  sanction,  has 
often  more  truth  than  oaths  or  affirmations.  What !  will  a  man 
who,  weary  of  the  agitations  of  the  world,  of  its  noise  and  vanity, 
has  unambitiously  retired  to  a  solitary  island  in  the  heart  of  a 
desert,  and  created  there  a  terrestial  paradise,  the  very  flowers 
and  shrubs  and  vines  of  which  he  has  planted,  nurtured  and  reared 
with  his  own  hands ;  a  man  whose  soul  is  accustomed  to  toil  in 
the  depths  of  science  and  to  repose  beneath  the  bowers  of  litera- 
ture, whose  ear  is  formed  to  the  harmony  of  sound,  and  whose 
touch  and  breath  daily  awaken  it  from  a  variety  of  melodious  in- 
struments ; — will  such  a  man  start  up  in  the  decline  of  life  from 
the  pleasing  dream  of  seven  years  slumber,  to  carry  fire  and  sword 
to  the  peaceful  habitations  of  men  who  have  never  done  him 
wrong.''  Are  his  musical  instruments  and  his  library  to  be  the 
equipage  of  a  camp  .''  Will  he  expose  a  lovely  and  accomplished 
woman  and  two  little  children,  to  whom  he  seems  so  tenderly  at- 
tached, to  the  guilt  of  treason  and  the  horrors  of  war .''  A  treason 
so  desperate — a  war  so  unequal !  Were  not  all  his  preparations 
better  adapted  to   the  innocent  and  useful   purpose   which  be 


CHAP.  XIV.]  INCIDENTS    OF   THE   TRIAL.  205 

avowed,  rather  than  to  the  criminal  and  hazardous  enterprise  which 
was  imputed  to  him  ?  *  *  *  Such  were  the  sentiments 
with  which  the  deponent  left  the  island  of  Mr.  Blannerhasset."' 

The  reader  will  smile  at  this  rapture  of  enthusiasm  in  an 
affidavit,  and  weigh,  with  many  grains  of  allowance,  the  warm- 
hearted friendship  of  a  young  votary  fascinated  by  the  attractions 
of  this  Eden  in  the  wilderness;  but  no  one  will  smile  more  good- 
naturedly  at  it  than  the  worthy  author  of  it  himself,  who  has  lived 
long  enough  to  repress  the  fervors  of  his  imagination,  though  not 
to  quench  the  generous  and  benevolent  instincts  of  his  heart. 

A  few  more  brief  references  to  these  trials,  and  we  shall  dis- 
miss the  subject. 

These  relate  to  minor  incidents  which  transpired  in  the  course 
of  the  long  examinations  of  testimony,  and  are  only  noticed  to 
shew  the  temper  in  which  the  parties  stood  to  each  other  and  to 
some  of  the  more  prominent  witnesses. 

General  Wilkinson  is  under  examination: 

"  Mr.  Botts,  (speaking  to  the  witness.) — When  you  are  about 
to  show  a  paper,  you  will  please  submit  it  to  our  inspection. 

"  General  WilkinsOxV. — I  shall  be  governed  by  the  Judge  in 
that  respect. 

.  "  Mr.  Botts. — Then  we  shall  request  the  Judge  to  govern  you 
in  that  respect." 

Major  Bruff  was  called  to  the  stand — 

"Mr.  Wickha3I  argued  that  the  testimony  of  Major  Bruff 
Avas  admissible  to  show  an  inconsistency  in  that  of  General  Wil- 
kinson. 

"General  Wilkinson. — May  I  be  permitted  to  make  one 
observation.'  I  am  not  in  the  smallest  degree  surprised  at  the 
language  which  has,  upon  this  and  several  other  occasions,  been 
used  by  the  counsel  of  Col.  Burr — men  who  are  hired  to  mis- 
represent. 

"  Mr.  Wickham. — I  will  not  submit  to  such  language  from  any 
man  in  court. 

"  The  Chief  Justice  declared  the  style  of  General  Wilkin- 
son to  be  improper,  and  that  he  had  heard  too  much  of  such  lan- 
guage in  court. 

"General  Wilkinson  apologized." 

Silas  Dinsmore  is  questioned— he  says  : 

VOL.    1—18 


206  INCIDENTS   OF   THE   TRIAL.  [1907. 


"  General  Wilkinson  condescended  to  ask  my  opinion,  having 
previously  made  a  full  disclosure  of  the  dangers  apprehended,  and 
of  the  measures  which  he  had  adopted.  I  did  give  my  advice  in 
favor  of  seizing  every  man  whom  he  found  opposed  to  his  mea- 
sures. This  was  after  a  development  of  the  state  of  affairs  by 
General  Wilkinson. 

"  Mr.  Martin. — And  that  not  to  be  depended  upon. 

"  Mr.  Wirt. — That  wnll  be  a  subject  of  discussion  hereafter. 

"  Mr.  Martin. — I  know  that. 

"  Mr.  Wirt,  (in  a  low  tone  of  voice  to  Mr.  M.) — You  know  a 
good  deal  of  these  thingsP 

The  following  is  in  a  pleasanter  key,  and  to  those  who  inti- 
mately knew  Mr.  Wirt,  and  remember  that  constant  tendency  to 
playfulness,  which  seemed  to  break  forth  even  in  his  gravest  mo- 
ments and  out  of  the  bosom  of  his  deepest  sludy,  it  will  bring 
him  vividly  to  mind.  His  friends  will  recall  the  musical  voice 
and  the  quiet  humor  that,  like  a  ray  of  mellow  sunshine,  lit  up  his 
eye,  when  an  occasion  for  a  laugh  might  be  found  in  the  course  of 
a  trial. 

A  fifer,  by  the  name  of  Gates,  was  under  cross-examination. 
Some  boats  had  been  seized  near  Marietta.  Gates  was  a  militia- 
man on  duty  against  the  conspirators,  and  saw  the  seizure  of  the 
boats. 

"  Mr.  Wirt. — As  far  as  I  understand  you,  you  were  called  on 
to  attack  the  boats  ? 

"  Answer. — Yes. 

"  Mr.  Wirt. — And  you  were  called  on  to  carry  a  musket  .'* 

"  Answer. — Yes. 

"  Mr.  Wirt. — And  you  were  unwilling  to  do  it  ? 

"  Answer. — Yes. 

"  Mr.  Wirt. — That  is,  you  were  willing  to  whistle  and  not  to 
fight  ? 

"  Answer. — Yes." 


CHAPTER    XV. 

18  0  7. 

PUBLIC  AGITATION — THE  AFFAIR  OF  THE  LEOPARD   AND    CHESAPEAKE EX- 
PECTATION   OF    WAR — FOURTH    OF   JULY LETTER   TO   JUDGE  TUCKER 

WIRT  PROJECTS  THE  RAISING  OF  A  LEGION CORRESPONDENCE  WITH  CARR 

IN    REGARD    TO    IT.— THE    PROJECT    MEETS    OPPOSITION FINALLY   ABAN- 
DONED  WAR  ARRESTED.— THE  EMBARGO. 

The  country  was  agitated,  in  1807,  by  other  events  of  higher 
political  import  than  Burr's  conspiracy. 

A  sentiment  of  hostility  against  England,  provoked  by  her  in- 
vasion of  the  neutral  rights  of  American  commerce  with  the  con- 
tinent of  Europe,  in  the  right  of  search,  as  it  was  then  asserted, 
and  by  the  impressment  of  American  seamen  under  the  flag  of 
the  United  States,  had  been  growing,  for  some  few  years,  to  such 
a  predominance  in  the  breast  of  the  nation,  as  to  render  war  a 
probable  result,  and  a  subject  of  popular  comment.  The  failure 
of  Messrs.  Monroe  and  Pinkney  to  adjust  these  questions,  and  the 
refusal  of  Mr.  Jefferson  even  to  submit  to  the  Senate  the  unsatis- 
factory treaty  they  had  negotiated,  contributed  to  increase  the 
probability  of  a  resort  to  arms. 

The  outrage  perpetrated,  at  this  juncture,  upon  the  national 
flag,  in  the  aggression  of  the  Leopard  upon  the  Chesapeake,  was, 
in  itself,  an  insult  of  such  flagrant  enormity,  as  to  rouse  the  uni- 
versal indignation  of  the  people  to  a  demand  for  instant  reparation. 
All  previous  topics  of  quarrel  were  merged  in  this,  and  nothing 
but  the  prompt  and  vigorous  measures  taken  by  Mr.  Jefferson,  at 
the  moment,  restrained  the  country  from  an  immediate  declaration 
of  war. 

It  was  on  the  22d  of  June,  when  the  Chesapeake  frigate, 
standing  out  to  sea  from  Norfolk,  passed  a  British  squadron  at 
anchor  in  Lynnhaven  bay.  The  Leopard,  a  frigate  of  fifty  guns, 
belonging  to  the  squadron,  followed  her,  and  overhauled  her, 
within  a  few  miles  of  Cape  Henry.     Here  a  boat  was  sent  with 


208  THE    LEOPARD    AND   CHESAPEAKE.  [1807. 

an  officer  and  several  men,  to  demand  of  Captain  Barron  the  sur- 
render of  three  men,  who  were  said  to  be  aboard  the  Chesapeake, 
and  who  were  claimed  as  native  British  subjects.  Captain  Bar- 
ron's reply  was,  that  he  knew  of  no  persons  of  that  description 
amongst  his  crew.  Upon  receiving  this  answer,  the  British  fri- 
gate still  kept  in  pursuit  of  the  Chesapeake, — fired,  first,  one  gun, 
and  then  a  broadside  into  her,  which  killed  and  wounded  several 
men,  besides  doing  some  damage  to  the  spars  and  rigging  of  the 
ship.  The  Chesapeake,  being  totally  unprepared  for  an  encounter 
which  she  had  no  reason  to  expect,  was  obliged  to  strike  her  flag, 
and  to  submit  to  the  impressment  and  abduction  of  four  of  her 
crew.*  The  consequences  which  followed  this  event,  gave  a 
stirring  interest  to  the  time. 

The  President  issued  a  proclamation  ordering  off  the  British 
squadron,  and  interdicting  the  waters  of  the  United  States  to  all 
British  armed  vessels.  Detachments  of  militia  were  ordered  to 
Norfolk,  to  protect  that  point  against  a  threatened  attack.  A  gov- 
ernment vessel  was  despatched  to  London,  bearing  instructions  to 
our  minister  there  to  demand  the  satisfaction  and  security  which 
the  recent  outrage  rendered  necessary.  Every  thing  was  done 
which  the  crisis  required. 

This  reference  to  the  history  of  a  grave  national  event,  may, 
perhaps,  appear  too  stately  an  introduction  to  the  comparatively 
trivial  concern  wiiich  a  private  citizen  of  that  day,  had  in  the 
general  ferment  which  it  produced.  In  the  humble  sphere  of  indi- 
vidual participation,  however,  we  may  often  read  an  authentic 
exposition  of  national  sentiment,  and  find  the  temper  and  spirit  of 
the  times  illustrated  quite  as  forcibly  as  in  narrative  of  a  higher 
cast; — indeed,  even  more  forcibly  and  with  more  graphic  effect. 

Richmond  became  a  theatre  of  great  agitation.  Those  martial 
fires,  which  slumber  in  the  breast  of  every  community  and  which 
are  so  quickly  kindled  into  flame  by  the  breeze  of  stirring  public 

*  This  unfortunate  and  mortifying  incident  has  been  the  subject  of  too  much 
comment  to  render  it  necessary  to  say  more  of  it  here  ;  but,  in  justice  to  those  who 
were  censured  for  the  event,  it  is  proper  to  add  that  at  the  moment  of  this  attack 
the  Chesapeake  was  in  a  condition  which  totally  disabled  her  from  resistance.  She 
had  been  but  a  few  hours  out  of  port,  and  had  sailed  with  her  decks  lumbered  with 
great  quantities  of  stores  unstowed,  which  were  yet  in  this  condition.  This  disor- 
der, and  want  of  organization  in  her  crew,  placed  her  entirely  at  the  disposal  of  her 
enemy. 


CHAP.  XV.]  EXPECTATION    OF    WAR.  209 

events,  now  blazed,  with  especial  ardor,  amongst  the  youthful  and 
venturous  spirits  of  Virginia.  Over  the  whole  state,  as,  indeed, 
over  the  whole  country,  that  combative  principle  which  lies  at  the 
heart  of  all  chivalry,  began  to  develope  itself  in  every  form  in 
which  national  sensibility  is  generally  exhibited.  The  people  held 
meetings,  passed  fiery  resolutions,  ate  indignant  dinners,  drank  bil- 
ligerent  toasts,  and  uttered  threatening  sentiments.  Old  armories 
were  ransacked,  old  weapons  of  war  were  burnished  anew,  mili- 
tary companies  were  formed,  regimentals  were  discussed,  the  drum 
and  fife  and  martial  bands  of  music  woke  the  morning  and  evening 
echoes  of  town  and  country;  and  the  whole  land  was  filled  with  the 
din,  the  clamor,  the  glitter,  the  array  of  serried  hosts  which  sprang 
up,  like  plants  of  a  night,  out  of  the  bosom  of  a  peaceful  nation. 
The  pruning  hook  was,  all  of  a  sudden,  converted  into  a  spear. 
Patriotism  found  a  vent  in  eloquence;  indolence  an  unwonted 
stimulus  in  the  exciting  appeals  of  the  day,  and  the  monotony  of 
ordinary  life  a  happy  relief  in  the  new  duties  which  sprang  out  of 
the  combination  of  citizen  and  soldier. 

Many  are  now  living  who  remember  this  fervor.  Twenty-five 
years  had  rolled  over  the  Revolution.  The  generation  which  grew 
to  manhood  in  this  interval,  were  educated  in  all  the  reminiscences 
of  the  war  of  Seventy-six,  which,  fresh  in  the  narratives  of  every 
fire-side,  inflamed  the  imagination  of  the  young  with  its  thousand 
marvels  of  soldier-like  adventure.  These  were  told  with  the 
amplification  and  the  unction  characteristic  of  the  veteran,  and 
were  heard  by  his  youthful  listener,  with  many  a  secret  sigh,  that 
such  days  of  heroic  hazards  were  not  to  return  for  him.  The 
present  generation  is  but  faintly  impressed  with  that  worship  of  the 
Revolution  which,  before  the  war  of  1812,  gave  a  poetical  charac- 
ter to  its  memories,  and  made  it  so  joyful  a  subject  for  the 
imagination  of  those  who  lived  to  hear  these  fresh  echoes  of  its 
glory. 

Now,  in  1807,  whilst  these  emotions  still  swayed  the  breast  of 
the  sons  of  those  who  had  won  the  independence  of  the  nation, 
the  same  enemy  was  about  to  confront  them.  The  day  that  many 
had  dreamed  of  was  about  to  arrive ;  and  many  a  secret  aspiration 
was  breathed  for  a  field  to  realize  its  hopes.  To  this  sentiment  we 
may  attribute,  in  part,  that  quick  rising  of  the  people  in  1807, 

VOL.    1  —  18* 


210  FOURTH   OF   JULY.  [1807. 

which,  but  for  the  timely  settlement  of  the  difficulty,  would,  in 
a  few  months,  have  converted  the  whole  country  into  a  camp. 

Foremost  amongst  the  enthusiasts  of  this  day  was  William 
Wirt.  We  shall  find  him,  very  soon,  absorbed  in  a  scheme  to 
raise  a  legion.  He  was  to  be  at  the  head  of  four  regiments  of 
State  troops,  with  a  chosen  corps  of  officers  and  men  Avhom,  he 
did  not  doubt,  were  destined  to  become  conspicuous  in  annals 
dedicated  to  posterity.  For  the  present,  we  shall  find  him 
slaking  his  ardor  in  a  song. 

The  Fourth  of  July  was  to  be  celebrated  in  the  neighborhood 
of  Richmond.  Such  an  occasion,  of  course,  no  one  could  expect 
to  pass  without  a  full  freight  of  those  engrossing  sentiments  which 
were  peculiarly  inspired  by  the  great  topic,  now  first  in  the  uni- 
versal mind.  Judge  Tucker  was  a  poet  as  well  as  a  kindred 
spirit.  He  had  witnessed  the  Revolution  at  an  age  capable  of 
observation,  and  was  still  deeply  imbued  with  all  its  passion.  I 
find  this  letter : 

TO    JUDGE   TUCKER. 

Richmond,  July  2,  1807. 
My  Dear  Sir: 

How  is  your  muse  .''  If  in  mounting  mood,  how  would  you 
gratify  me,  and  enable  me  to  gratify  others,  on  Saturday,  by  a 
song  on  the  day,  embracing  the  late  gallant  exploit  of  the  Leopard  ! 
Come,  I  know  you  can  easily  dash  off  such  a  piece.  It  would  be 
no  more  than  one  of  the  ordinary  overflowings  of  your  spirit  versi- 
fied ;  and  rhyme,  McPherson  says,  is  merely  a  mechanical  busi- 
ness, to  which,  when  a  man  has  served  an  apprenticeship,  there 
is  no  more  labor  of  invention  about  it  than  Mr.  Didgbury  exer- 
cises in  making  a  pair  of  pumps. 

Our  excursion,  to-morrow  morning,  to  the  point  of  the  beautiful 
hill  which  overhangs  the  Market  valley,  would  fill  you  with  the 
conception.     All  the  rest  is  mere  manipulation. 

I  could  learn  the  song  on  Saturday  morning.  If  you  come  into 
this  idea,  as  I  suppose  the  metre  is  a  mere  matter  of  moonshine  to 
you,  I  would  propose  that  in  which  the  Death  of  Montgomery,  and 
the  Battle  of  Trenton  are  written.     Lest  you  should  not  recollect 


CHAP.  XV,]  FOURTH    OF    JULY.  211 

these,  I  will  give  you  the  only  verse  of  the  latter  that  I  remember. 
Here  it  is : 

"■  Our  object  was  the  Hessian  band. 
That  dar'd  to  invade  fair  freedom's  land 

And  quarter  in  that  place. 
Great  Washington  he  led  us  on. 
With  ensigns  streaming  with  renown. 

Which  ne'er  had  known  disgrace." 

By-the-bye,  it  is  the  metre  of  "The  Mason's  Daughter,"  which 
I  am  sure  you  know.  Let  me  hear  whether  you  will  do  this 
thing — yea  or  nay? 

Will  you  let  me  have  a  copy  of  your  song  in  honor  of  Washing- 
ton.'' I  heard  it  but  once.  I  think  it  goes  to  the  tune  of  "The 
Death  of  Wolfe."  It  describes  Liberty  as  taking  her  flight  from 
the  shores  of  Albion,  and  lighting  here.  You  will  know,  by 
this,  which  I  mean. 

Very  sincerely. 

Your  friend  and  obed't  servant, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

The  answer  is  given  by  the  Judge  in  the  following  memoran- 
dum, endorsed  in  his  own  handwriting,  upon  the  outer  page  of  this 
letter. 

"July  2, 1807.  I  called  on  Mr.  Wirt  this  morning,  and  found  this 
letter  upon  his  table.  He  said  '  there  is  a  letter  for  you.'  I  had 
in  my  pocket  the  lines  written  for  the  fourth  of  this  month,  which 
I  intended  for  him,  without  any  previous  communication  between 
us,  and  gave  them  to  him." 

The  lines  furnished  on  this  occasion  breathe  that  spirit  of  bitter 
remembrance  of  the  Revolutionary  war,  to  which  I  have  alluded, 
heightened  into  still  warmer  exacerbation,  by  the  audacity  of  the 
recent  aggression  upon  the  Chesapeake.  Happily,  these  feuds  are 
now  forgotten  in  the  tranquillity  engendered  by  that  sentiment  of 
mutual  respect  and  appreciation  of  national  and  individual  worth, 
which,  we  trust,  will  long  distinguish  the  intercourse  between  the 
two  countries.  At  the  date  of  the  events  above  referred  to,  the  joy 
of  the  nation  in  the  triumph  of  the  war  of  Independence,  had  lost 


212  PREPARATION   FOR    WAR.  [1S07. 

nothing  of  its  sternness;  whilst,  on  the  other  side,  the  sting  of 
wounded  pride  had  not  yet  been  assuaged  by  time.* 

A  short  note  to  Carr  explains  the  progress  of  the  war  fever. 
Mr.  Cabell  was,  at  this  time,  Governor  of  the  state.  The  note 
refers  to  proceedings  in  his  Council. 


"Richmond,  July  2,  1807. 
"Dear  Carr: 

*  *  "We  are  on  tiptoe  for  war.     I  write  this 

in  the  antechamber,  where  we  are  waiting  the  final  resolve  of  the 
Council,  on  detaching  a  portion  of  us  to  support  our  brethren  at 
Norfolk.     When  more  composed,  I  will  write  to  you  at  large." 

*Not  to  open  an  old  wound,  but  to  preserve  a  memorial  of  the  times  and  of  the 
spirit  of  defiance,  which  was  universally  returned  from  this  country  to  its  proudest 
and  most  powerful  enemy,  I  present  my  reader  a  copy  of  Judge  Tucker's  verses, 
which  were  sung  at  the  celebration,  alluded  to  in  the  text,  by  a  voice  noted  for  its 
melody. 

"Tyrant !  again  we  hear  thy  hostile  voice, 

Again,  upon  our  coasts,  thy  cannon's  roar, 
Again,  for  peace,  thou  leavest  us  no  choice, 
Again,  we  hurl  defiance  from  our  shore. 

Hast  thou  forgot  the  day  when  Warren  bled. 

Whilst  hecatombs  around  were  sacrificed  ? 
Hast  thou  forgot  thy  legions  captive  led. 

Thy  navies  blasted  by  a  foe  despised? 

Or  thinkest  thou,  we've  forgot  our  brothers  slain, 

Our  aged  fathers  weltering  in  their  gore  ? 
Our  widowed  mothers  on  tlieir  knees,  in  vain, 

Their  violated  daughters'  fate  deplore  ? 

Our  friends,  in  prison  ships  and  dungeons  chained. 
To  summer's  suns  and  winter's  frost  exposed ; 

Insulted,  starved,  amidst  disease  detained, 
Till  death  the  fatal  scene  of  horrors  closed! 

Our  towns  in  ashes  laid,  our  fields  on  fire, 
Our  wives  and  children  flying  from  the  foe  ! 

Ourselves  in  battle  ready  to  expire. 

Yet  struggling  still  to  strike  another  blow  ! 

Know  then,  this  day  recalls  the  whole : 

And  hear  our  solemn  and  determined  voice ; 

In  vain,  proud  tyrant,  shall  thy  thunders  roll. 
Since,  once  more,  death  or  victory  's  our  choice." 


CHAP.  XV.]  LETTER   TO    CARR.  213 


The  prospect  of  war  had  now  filled  Wirt's  imagination  with 
dreams  of  military  glory.  His  correspondence  is  fraught  with 
schemes  of  martial  life.  His  views  of  public  affairs,  as  commu- 
nicated in  some  of  these  letters,  will  amuse  the  reader  of  the 
present  day,  by  their  exhibition  of  the  feelings  of  the  time,  and 
the  extravagant  expectations  which  the  ferment  of  the  public 
mind  then  suggested. 

From  1807,  until  the  event  actually  occurred  in  1812,  the  mar- 
tial temper  of  the  country  was  kept  in  an  excitement  which  was 
much  more  likely  to  terminate  in  war  than  conciliation.  Wirt 
had,  previous  to  this  period,  held  the  commission  of  a  major  in  a 
militia  regiment.  At  the  last  session  of  the  Legislature,  he  had 
been  put  in  nomination  for  the  post  of  a  Brigadier  General,  and 
had  only  lost  the  election  by  a  few  votes. 

Tlie  affair  of  the  Chesapeake  had  led  him  to  expect  military 
service  in  the  field ;  and  he  now,  consequently,  turned  his  thoughts 
towards  an  effective  employment  in  a  war  which  he  considered 
inevitable.  To  this  end,  he  set  himself  about  the  organization  of 
a  plan  to  raise  the  Legion  to  which  I  have  already  adverted.  In 
the  several  letters  which  I  have  on  this  subject,  I  find  him  totally 
engrossed  with  the  project,  and  pursuing  it  with  an  earnestness 
w^hich  shows  how  much  his  mind  was  captivated  with  the  fancy 
of  military  glory.  I  select  a  few  of  these  letters  with  a  view  to 
a  rapid  sketch  of  this  passage  in  his  personal  history.  They 
contain  details  of  the  plan  of  the  Legion,  and  an  announcement  of 
what  was  expected  to  be  achieved,  which  now,  after  the  expe- 
rience of  the  country  towards  the  realization  of  these  fancies  of 
1807,  will  be  read  with  curious  interest,  and,  perhaps,  be  valued 
for  the  comment  they  suggest  for  our  instruction,  when  we  find 
occasion  to  contrast  the  promises  of  the  day,  with  the  perform- 
ances of  the  future. 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  July  19,  1807. 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

I  promised  that  you  should  hear  from  me  again,  and  more  at 
length  than  when  I  wrote  by  Stanard.  I  sit  down  now  to 
comply  with  that  engagement. 


214  MOVEMENTS    OF   THE   BRITISH.  [1807- 

— ~^ — . — ^ —    ^ 

On  receiving  the  President's  proclamation  officially,  the  British 
ships  in  Hampton  Roads  weighed  anchor,  the  Commodore  saying 
that  he  had  previously  determined  to  change  his  anchorage,  and 
that  he  was  the  master  of  his  own  movements.  They  sailed 
out  of  the  capes.  Richard  H.  Lee  was  sent  by  Mathews,  to 
carry  to  Douglass  despatches  from  Erskine  and  from  the  British 
Consul  at  Norfolk.  When  he  approached  them  he  was  hailed, 
and  asked  if  he  did  not  know  that  all  intercourse  between  the 
main  and  the  squadron  was  prohibited  ?  He  said  he  did ;  but  that 
he  bore  important  communications,  which  rendered  it  proper  that 
he  should  come  on  board.  He  was  then  admitted  on  deck,  de- 
livered his  despatches,  and  the  Commodore  asked  him  into  the 
cabin,  where  the  other  British  officers  were  immediately  assem- 
bled. After  they  had  read  the  despatches,  they  began  to  interro- 
gate him  thus ;  "  Well,  sir,  is  the  mob  down  in  Norfolk,  or  is  it 
still  up?"  "Has  the  mob  assassinated  the  British  Consul  yet?" 
"  What  are  we  to  make  of  this  Mathews — at  one  moment  he  is  a 
general,  at  the  next  the  chairman  of  a  mob  ?"  Lee  tried  to  dis- 
courage this  conversation,  but  it  only  provoked  them  to  greater 
rudeness. 

Two  of  the  British  ships  have  since  put  out  to  sea.  The  other 
two  still  remain  off  the  capes. 

The  Executive  has  recalled  the  companies  of  infantry  which 
marched  from  this  place  and  Petersburg.  The  two  troops  of 
horse  from  these  places  will  remain  with  Mathews,  for  the  pur- 
pose of  scouring  the  coast,  and  repelling  any  attempt  to  land. 

I  was  here  when  the  companies  from  this  place  marched,  and 
was  in  Williamsburg  when  the  company  of  horse  marched  thence 
to  Norfolk.  It  had  not,  indeed,  all  of  the  glorious  "  pride,  pomp 
and  circumstance," — but  it  smacked  "  of  war."  The  companies 
were  uniformed,  their  arms  newly  burnished.  They  had  an 
elegant  stand  of  colors,  and  a  most  delightfully  animating  band  of 
music.  Accompanied  by  an  escort  of  the  militia  of  Richmond 
and  the  company  of  artillery,  marching  in  files,  they  traversed  the 
main  street  through  almost  its  whole  length.  All  this  would  have 
been  merely  a  fourth  of  July  parade ;  but  what  gave  it  the  tragic 
face  of  war  was,  that  every  window,  from  the  ground  to  the  third 
and  fourth  story,  was  filled  with  weeping  females. 


CHAP  XV.]  PLAN    OF    A    LEGION.  215 

Do  you  think  that  these  people  will  do  us  the  justice  they 
ought  ?  The  exasperated  spirit  of  this  nation  will  not  be  satisfied 
with  a  ministerial  disavowal ;  nor  with  an  English  farce  of  a  trial 
of  Berkeley  and  Humphreys,  a  complimentary  return  of  their 
swords,  and  higher  promotion. 

Even  if  they  were  to  convict  and  execute  Berkeley  or  Hum- 
phreys, or  both, — 1  confess,  for  my  own  part,  that  I  should  be 
very  dubious  whether  they  were  not  giving  us  the  second  part  of 
the  tragedy  of  poor  Byng,  so  firmly  am  I  persuaded  that  this 
atrocious  outrage  flowed  from  the  Cabinet. 

According  to  my  notion  of  things,  if  the  ministry  disavow  the 
outrage,  the  offenders  should  be  given  up  to  be  tried  in  this  coun- 
try. I  see  this  right  disclaimed  by  a  northern  press,  (perhaps  a 
republican  one)  and,  1  think,  very  improperly.  The  paper  dis- 
claims it  because  the  violence  was  not  committed  within  our  juris- 
diction ;  but  if  it  be  true  that  the  violence  done  to  the  Chesapeake, 
was  out  of  our  territorial  line,  yet  the  Chesapeake,  herself, 
wherever  she  was,  being  a  national  ship,  was  part  of  our  terri- 
tory ;  and,  this,  I  think,  is  not  the  less  true  because  it  was  de- 
monstrated, perhaps  by  John  Marshall,  in  the  case  of  Jonathan 
Robbins.  If  it  be  true  at  all,  the  offenders  ought  to  be  tried  in 
this  country,  on  the  principles  of  national  as  well  as  common  law. 
If  tried  here,  Berkeley  and  Humphreys  will  have  it  in  their  power 
to  shew  whether  they  acted  by  the  orders  of  their  masters.  If 
they  did,  they  ought  to  be  acquitted,  and  their  masters  punished ; 
if  they  did  not,  they  would  themselves  be  certainly  punished. 
jS^either  of  which  events  would  happen,  if  tried  in  England. 

I  think  nothing  less  ought  to  or  will  satisfy  the  people  of  this 
country  than  the  surrender  of  Berkeley  and  Humphreys  for  trial. 
And  as  I  believe  that  British  arrogance  will  never  condescend  to 
this  act  of  justice,  I  believe  war  to  be  inevitable. 

In  this  event,  I  presume  that  our  profession  will  be  of  but  little 
importance  to  us. 

If  so,  what  will  you  do  with  yourself?  Not  sit  idly  at  home,  I 
presume.  For  my  part,  I  am  resolved.  I  shall  yield  back  my 
wife  to  her  father,  pro  tempore,  to  which  the  old  gentleman  has 
agreed,  and  I  shall  march. 

Now,  Sir :  "  Shut  the  door,"— what  follows  is  in  the  strictest 
confidence  of  friendship,  never  to  be  hinted  to  a  living  soul,  unless 


216  PLAN   OF   A   LEGION.  [1807. 


you  come  into  it,  and  it  takes  effect.  There  are  some  "  choice 
spirits,"  (a  phrase  which  I  am  sorry  that  Burr  has  polluted,)  who 
have  agreed  to  raise  four  volunteer  regiments,  to  be  formed  into  a 
brigade.  We  begin  with  four  colonels, — who  are  nominated,  an 
of  whom  you  are  proposed  to  be  one. — These  colonels  to  nomi- 
nate their  majors  and  captains,  to  be  approved  of  by  all  the 
colonels.  The  object  is  to  make  the  selection  as  distinguished 
for  talent,  spirit  and  character  as  possible :  to  have  no  officer 
merely  because  his  heart  is  good ;  nor  merely  because  his  under- 
standing is  good ;  but  to  have,  in  him,  a  union,  as  perfect  as  pos- 
sible, of  understanding,  heart,  good  temper,  and  morals.  It  is 
to  be  explicitly  understood,  that  no  man  is  to  be  admitted,  even 
into  the  ranks,  unless  his  morals  are  good.  Thus  organized,  what 
a  brigade  ! 

It  is  proposed  to  make  an  offer  of  these  four  regiments  to  the 
President,  under  the  act  of  Congress  which  authorizes  him  to 
accept  of  the  service  of  volunteers.  By  that  act,  the  volun- 
teer officers  are  to  be  commissioned  by  their  respective  states. 
This,  there  is  no  doubt,  the  Executive  Council  of  the  state  will  do, 
so  far  as  the  commissions  of  colonel;  they  have  no  power  to 
appoint  a  brigadier  general.  But  there  is  as  little  doubt  that  the 
Legislature  will  confer  that  office  on  the  colonel  who  holds  the 
first  commission.  The  colonels  proposed,  are — A.  Stuart,  a  mem- 
ber of  the  Council,  who,  notwithstanding  his  deficiency  in  the 
graces,  has,  you  know,  as  sound  a  judgment  and  as  ardent  a  heart 
as  ever  did  honor  to  humanity — John  Clarke,  the  Superintendent 
of  the  Manufactory  of  Arms,  one  of  the  first  geniuses  and  best 
men  of  the  state — yourself  and  myself.  They  have  done  me  the 
honor  to  insist  that  I  shall  take  the  first  commission.  We  are  not 
to  leave  our  homes  until  called  into  actual  service  by  the  President. 

You  will  let  me  hear  from  you,  if  possible,  by  the  return  of 
mail,  as  Stuart  is  going  on  next  Monday  to  Annapolis,  on  business, 
and  is  willing  to  take  the  Federal  City  on  his  way,  to  commune 
with  the  President. 

If  you  accord,  authorize  me  by  letter,  to  sign  your  name  to  the 
association. 

Any  thing  else,  after  this,  will  be  flat, — so  no  more,  but,  with 
love  to  Mrs.  C.  and  your  brothers. 

Adieu,  your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CHAP.  XV.]  LETTERS    TO    CARR.  217 


TO    DABNEY   CARR. 

Richmond,  July  28,  1807. 

Your  expected  favor,  by  the  last  mail,  was  every  thing  I  could 
wish.  Stuart  had  gone  to  Hanover  Court,  on  his  way  to  Wash- 
ington ;  he  was  not,  therefore,  here,  to  consult  on  the  subject  of 
suffering  you,  to  exchange  the  rank  of  fourth  colonel  for  that  of 
first  major  in  the  first  regiment. 

I  read  your  letter  to  Clarke :  he  was  so  much  enraptured  with 
your  sentiments,  that  he  swore  the  exchange  should  not  take  place 
by  his  consent.  I,  therefore,  signed  your  name  to  a  letter  which 
I  had  written  to  the  President,  containing  our  joint  proposal,  and 
despatched  it  to  Stuart,  at  Hanover,  by  the  mail  of  last  evening. 

If  the  President  shall  be  at  Washington  when  the  letter  gets 
there,  it  will  be  presented:  otherwise,  1  have  requested  Stuart  not 
to  leave  it ;  stating  to  him,  that  you  appear  to  entertain  serious 
doubts  of  your  ability  to  raise  a  regiment;  that  you  propose 
Nelson,  and  state  your  willingness  to  accept  a  majority  in  my 
regiment :  that,  for  your  sake,  I  could  wish  that  this  point  might 
be  considered  by  us  on  his  return :  that,  in  the  meantime,  I  should 
authorize  you,  if  your  apprehensions  still  continued,  to  sound 
Nelson,  distantly  and  delicately,  and  ascertain,  with  certainty, 
whether  he  would  take  the  rank  of  fourth  colonel  in  the  brigade, 
without  any  shadow  of  repining  at  his  station. 

The  arrangement  which  we  have  made  must  not  be  broken, 
and  I  am  apprehensive,  that  Nelson,  although  he  might  consent  to 
join,  would  entertain  a  secret  wish  that  the  arrangement  had  given 
him  a  higher  position.  Now,  in  order  to  give  to  the  brigade  that 
unity  of  spirit  and  motion,  which  are  indispensable  to  its  energy 
as  well  as  harmony,  it  is  necessary  that  every  man  should  be  not 
only  contented,  but  pleased  with  his  peculiar  station.  One  discon- 
tented and  perturbed  spirit,  especially  in  a  high  command,  would 
not  only  mar  our  happiness,  but  endanger  the  powerful  effect  which 
we  hope  and  expect.  If,  therefore,  you  shall  retain  your  appre- 
hensions as  to  raising  a  regiment,  after  what  I  shall  presently  say, 
you  can,  if  you  please,  feel  N's  pulse,  to  ascertain  whether  he 
would,  with  all  his  soul,  come  into  it,  and  take  the  station  proposed 
to  him  in  a  brigade,  to  be  organized  on  the  principles  of  ours. 
VOL.  1  —  19 


218  EFFORTS    TO    FORM    THE    LEGION.  [1807. 

You  will  understand  that  this  sounding  is  predicated  upon  the 
supposition  that  the  President  shall  have  left  Washington  before 
Stuart  gets  there ;  for  if  Stuart  finds  him  there,  you  are  committed. 

In  the  event  of  Nelson's  being  taken  in  as  colonel,  you  will  be 
my  first  major;  and,  when  I  take  the  command  of  the  brigade, 
you  will,  of  course,  take  the  head  of  my  regiment,  which  is  the 
first  regiment. 

But  now,  as  to  the  practicability  of  forming  a  regiment,  that 
will  depend  less  on  the  personal  popularity  of  the  colonel,  than  of 
his  subalterns.  You  will,  for  example,  appoint  your  majors  and 
captains,  with  the  approbation  of  your  brother  colonels.  In 
making  these  appointments,  you  will  have  the  range  of  the  state ; 
you  will  appoint  one  major  in  one  part  of  the  state,  another,  in 
another:  diffuse  the  appointment  of  captains  as  widely  as  possible, 
so  as  to  increase  the  chances  of  a  rapid  formation  of  your  regi- 
ment; these  captains  will  appoint  their  subalterns;  and  on  the 
captain  and  his  inferior  officers,  will  depend  the  success  of  enlist- 
ments. That  you,  as  the  colonel,  are  a  man  of  talents,  honor, 
education,  good  breeding,  courage  and  humanity,  will  be  informa- 
tion enough  to  the  soldiers. 

Besides,  sir,  as  soon  as  we  are  commissioned,  I  mean  to  have 
two  or  three  hundred  hand-bills  struck,  explanatory  of  the  prin- 
ciples on  which  our  brigade  will  be  constructed ;  and  painting  it 
in  perspective  as  brilliantly  as  my  paint  box  and  brushes  can  do  it; 
these  will  be  circulated,  first  to  the  colonels,  through  them  to  the 
majors,  and  through  them  to  the  captains  and  subalterns,  to  be 
read  at  every  public  meeting  of  courts,  musters,  &:c. 

On  the  efficacy  of  this  address — on  the  conduct  of  your  majors, 
captains,  &c.,  dispersed  over  the  state,  I  think  you  may  securely 
count  for  a  regiment;  more  especially,  when  your  own  unsullied 
and  respectable  name  is  known  to  key  the  arch. 

If,  after  all  this,  you  doubt,  and  the  President  should  be  at  Mon- 
ticello,  and  you  prefer  Nelson,  if  he  comes  into  it  con  amore^  he 
will  be  excellent. 

The  Governor  has  written  to  the  President  in  support  of  our 
letter — ca  ira. 

Yours, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CHAP.  XV.]  THE   LEGION.  219 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  August  12,  1807. 
My  Dear  Chevalier: 

The  act  of  Congress,  of  the  24th  February  last,  authorizes  a 
tender  of  volunteer  services  to  the  President  by  companies  ;  and 
directs  him  to  organize  the  companies,  so  tendered,  into  battalions, 
regiments  and  brigades:  hence  it  is  thought  that  commissions  to 
majors  and  colonels  cannot  issue,  until  he  shall  have  received  the 
tender  of  your  companies,  and  made  the  requisite  organization. 

Enclosed,  you  have  commissions  for  the  seven  captains  whom 
you  have  named,  with  a  circular  letter  for  each.  You  will  require 
two  more  captains,  whom  you  will  name  by  the  return  of  mail ; 
and  you  will,  as  early  as  possible,  name  the  lieutenants  and  en- 
signs in  each  company. 

Upon  this  subject  you  had  better  take  the  opinion  of  each  cap- 
tain, as  they  will  probably  best  know  the  officers  qualified  for  the 
recruiting  service  in  their  respective  neighborhoods.  In  the 
meantime,  the  persons  so  designated  as  lieutenants  and  ensigns, 
can  immediately  assist  the  captains  in  recruiting;  understanding, 
however,  that  their  commissions  will  depend  on  the  approbation 
of  the  Executive  Council  of  the  State.  If  approved,  their  com- 
missions will  be  immediately  forwarded. 

If  either  of  your  captains  decline,  name  another,  as  soon  as  pos- 
sible, in  his  place,  and  your  brothers  here  will  take  care  of  his 
commission. 

Charge  your  captains,  particularly,  to  recruit  no  drunkard  and 
no  unprincipled  gambler.  Let  them,  as  far  as  possible,  recruit 
only  young  men,  (I  mean  without  families,  and  under  six  and 
thirty — at  all  events,  not  over  forty)  of  good  size  and  healthy.  It 
would  be  fortunate  if  each  company  could  be  completed  in  the 
same  neighborhood,  for  the  convenience  of  exercising  it. 

The  men  will  understand  that  they  will  not  be  called  from  their 
several  neighborhoods  and  pursuits,  until  called  out  by  the  Presi- 
dent into  actual  service. 

They  ought  to  understand  that  the  war  cannot,  in  the  nature  of 
things,  be  a  long  one.  A  single  campaign  will  probably  give  us 
Canada  and  Nova  Scotia:  so  that  while  an  engagement /or  the  war 


220  THE   LEGION.  [1S07. 


will  be  more  honorable,  it  will  probably  not  be  more  oppressive 
than  an  engagement  for  twelve  months — (and  much  I  fear  that  the 
glory  of  this  achievement  will  be  given  to  the  states  immediately 
in  the  British  neighborhood: — Canada  and  Nova  Scotia  taken, 
little  more  will  remain,  unless  Great  Britain,  by  conquest,  should 
open  another  theatre  in  the  South : — this  parenthesis  is  to  you.) 

The  substance  of  our  letter  to  the  President  will  be  found  in 
the  enclosed  circular. 

The  companies  recruited,  will  furnish  themselves  with  the  cheap 
militia  uniform  of  the  state,  of  which  any  captain  will  advise  you ; 
and  for  which,  if  they  are  called  out  into  service,  they  will  be 
paid  by  the  United  States. 

On  the  subject  of  recruiting  among  other  volunteers,  you  shall 
hear  further  from  us. 

The  hour  of  Burr's  trial  is  come.  He  has  exhausted  the  panel, 
and  elected  only  four  jurors,  Ed.  Carrington,  Hugh  Mercer,  R. 
E.  Parker,  (the  Judge's  grandson)  and  Lambert,  of  this  place. 

Your  brothers  greet  you, 

Wm.  Wirt, 

We  have  now  some  signs  of  miscarriage.  Glory  has  its  unto- 
ward currents  as  well  as  love.  The  war  seems  to  have  been 
transferred  to  the  newspapers. 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  September  1,  1807. 
My  Dear  Dabney: 

Sick,  as  I  have  been  for  several  days,  and  harrassed  by  the 
progress  of  Burr's  affair,  I  have  but  a  minute  to  answer  your  fa- 
vor by  the  last  mail. 

****** 

We  have  certainly  been  deceived,  if  not  in  the  virtue,  at  least 
in  the  understanding  of  our  countrymen.  In  spite  of  the  repeated 
efforts  which  have  been  made  to  explain  the  motives  and  object 
of  our  association,  and  its  non-interference  with  militia  dignities, 
they  still  misapprehend  it,  or  affect  to  misapprehend  it.     We  are 


CHAP.  XV.]  THE    LEGION.  221 

right  in  principle,  and  must  disregard  this  "  ardor  prava  jnhen- 
tiiim.'''' 

Several  companies  in  the  lower  country  are  filled  up,  or  nearly 
so;  and  I  think  the  wave  of  prejudice  is  retiring.  A  letter  of  the 
Governor,  in  reply  to  one  from  a  militia  officer  making  inquiries 
as  to  this  Legion,  will  be  published  to-day,  by  order  of  Council, 
and  will,  I  hope,  give  the  coup  de  grace  to  this  ignorant  or  vicious 
opposition. 

INIy  sickness,  and  professional  engagements  together,  have  pre- 
vented me  from  giving  to  this  subject,  for  some  time  past,  that 
personal  attention  which  I  wished. 

^  •IP  "IP  ^  *  tP 

JSIarshall  has  stepped  in  between  Burr  and  death.  He  has  pro- 
nounced an  opinion  that  our  evidence  is  all  irrelevant.  Burr  not 
having  been  present  at  the  island  with  the  assemblage,  and  the 
act  itself  not  amounting  to  levying  war. 

The  jury  thus  sent  out  without  evidence,  have  this  day  re- 
turned a  verdict,  in  substance,  of  not  guilty. 


Your  friend 


Wm.  Wirt. 

The  next  letter  looks  to  the  conquest  of  Quebec. 

TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  September  8,  1807. 

My  Dear  Friend: 

****** 

Mr.  Randolph's  project  is  better  calculated,  than  ours,  to  go  on 
swimmingly  at  first.  Wait  till  the  election  of  his  officers,  and  the 
period  of  their  services  is  fixed,  and  you  will  discover  the  discor- 
dia  semina  rerum  which  his  plan  contains.  In  our  plan,  no  source 
of  delusive  hope  and  consequent  disgust  and  disappointment  exists. 
All  who  join  us  will  know,  with  certainty,  what  they  undertake ; 
none  but  ardent  and  aspiring  spirits  will  join  us,  because  we  go 
for  the  war:  we  shall  have  no  six  months  soldier  whose  heart  and 
face  will  be  turned  towards  home  every  step  that  he  takes  towards 
Canada,  and  whose  dragging,  lengthening  chain  will  be  almost  too 
heavy  to  be  borne  by  him,  before  he  gets  half  way  to  Quebec. 

VOL.    1—19* 


222  MISCARRIAGE.  [1S07. 

I  begin  to  apprehend  that  there  will  be  no  war.  The  blood  of 
our  countrymen  has  been  washed  from  the  decks  of  the  Chesa- 
peake, and  we  have  never  learned  how  to  bear  malice.  Besides, 
Bonaparte  will  drub  and  frighten  the  British  into  the  appearance, 
at  least,  of  good  humor  with  us. 

I  think,  however,  we  had  better  urge  on  our  brigade,  till  our 
Government  orders  us  to  ground  our  arms.  The  progress  we 
shall  make  will  be  so  much  ground  gained  in  the  event  of  a  new 
explosion. 

You  will  see  the  opinion  by  which  Marshall  stopped  the  trial 
for  treason.  The  trial  for  misdemeanor  will  begin  to-day.  It  will 
soon  be  stopped :  then  a  motion  to  commit  and  send  on  to  Ken- 
tucky, which  will  not  be  heard. 

Yours, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

From  the  philosophical  tone  of  our  next  extract,  we  infer  that 
the  Legion  and  its  hopes  had  fallen  into  some  danger  of  extinction 
from  the  jealousy  entertained  against  it  by  the  militia  of  the  state. 
This  seems  to  have  been  the  first  event  in  the  life  of  the  writer, 
which  gave  him  a  taste  of  the  disappointments  to  which  all  ambi- 
tious aspirations  are  exposed,  and  therefore  to  have  filled  his  mind 
with  reflections  which  were  not  less  natural  to  the  occasion,  than 
of  a  character  to  be  frequently  repeated  in  the  course  of  his  suc- 
ceeding years. 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  September  14,  1807. 
My  Dear  Friend; 

*  *  *  *  *'  *  * 

As  to  the  Legion,  it  has  given  me  a  new  view  of  human  nature, 
and  of  my  countrymen  •,  and  has,  I  confess,  filled  my  heart  with 
the  most  melancholy  presages  for  their  future  destiny.  So 
easily  misled  and  so  easily  inflamed,  even  against  their  friends, 
what  difficulty  will  an  artful  villain  ever  have  in  wielding  them 
even  to  their  own  ruin  ? 

This  is  a  new  incentive  to  virtue.  It  is  into  our  own  hearts  that 
we  are,  at  last,  to  look  for  happiness.    It  is  the  only  source  on 


CHAP.  XV.]  POLITICAL   REFLECTIONS.  223 

which  we  can  count  with  infallible  certainty.  These  truths,  so 
long  preached  by  philosophers  and  divines,  were  never  before 
brought  home  so  strongly  to  my  conviction,  as  by  the  example  of 
this  Legion. 

Thank  God  !  we  are  not  without  this  source  of  happiness  on  the 
present  occasion. 

But  what  is  to  become  of  the  people ;  what  is  to  become  of  the 
republic,  since  they  are  thus  easily  to  be  duped .'' 

These  are  subjects  which  suggest  most  painful  anticipations  to 
me;  for  it  seems  that  no  rectitude,  no  patriotism  of  intention,  can 
shield  a  man  even  from  censure  and  execration.  And  the  people 
who  themselves  mean  to  do  what  is  right,  are  still  capable  of 
being  so  deluded,  as  to  think  it  proper,  and  even  virtuous,  to 
censure  and  execrate  a  man  for  an  act,  not  only  flowing  from  the 
purest  motives,  but  really  well  judged  for  their  benefit  and  happi- 
ness. 

How  hard  is  it  for  a  republican  to  admit  the  truth,  that  a 
patriotic  and  judicious  action  may,  nevertheless,  draw  down  upon 
its  authors  the  disapprobation,  the  censure,  and  even  the  curses  of 
the  people  !  That  no  argument,  no  appeal  to  reason  and  law  and 
right,  can  save  him  from  the  consequences !  Yet  it  is  certainly 
true. 

It  requires  some  effort  in  a  man,  who  receives  this  conviction 
from  experience,  to  prevent  him  from  drawing  himself  into  his 
shell,  and  caring  only  about  himself.  *  *  #  -g^j. 

then,  if  every  virtuous  man  should  take  that  resolution,  the  theatre 
would  be  given  up  to  villians,  solely,  and  we  should  soon  all  go  to 
perdition  together;  and  this  would  ncrt  be  quite  so  palatable.  So, 
we  must  do  our  duty  and  leave  the  issues  to  Heaven.  If  the 
people  curse  us,  our  own  hearts  will  bless  us ;  "  if  we  have 
troubles  at  sea,  boys,  we  have  pleasures  on  shore."  And  admit- 
ting all  these  alloys,  what  form  of  government  is  there  that  has 
not  more  and  worse  ^  So  "  we  bring  up  the  lee-way  with  a  wet 
sail,"  as  poor  Frank  Walker  used  to  say.        ^ 

We  are  balancing  on  the  point  of  yielding  the  legionary  scheme, 
so  far  as  the  field  officers  are  concerned.  Consult  Nelson,  and  let 
me  hear  what  you  think  of  it. 

The  second  prosecution  against  Burr  is  at  an  end ;  Marshall  has 
again  arrested  the  evidence. 


224  THE   LEGION   ABANDONED.  [1807. 

A  motion  will  be  made  to  commit  him  and  his  confederates,  for 
trial  in  Kentucky  or  wherever  else  the  judge  shall,  from  the 
whole  evidence,  believe  their  crimes  to  have  been  committed. 

There  is  no  knowing  what  will  become  of  the  motion.  I  believe 
it  will  be  defeated : — sic  transit  &c. 

In  haste, 

Yours  affectionately, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

The  Legion  has  now  become  hopeless.  It  can  only  be  revived 
by  Great  Britain ; — as  we  may  read  in  the  next  letter. 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  September  22,  1807. 
My  Dear  Dabney: 

I  have  a  moment,  only,  to  acknowledge  yours  of  the  18th  inst. 

The  abandonment  of  the  legionary  scheme,  which  I  suggested 
for  your  consideration  in  my  last,  was  proposed  by  some  of  our 
friends  in  the  country,  and  while  we  were  considering  it,  I  thought 
it  proper  that  you  should  consider  it  too. 

It  is  my  own  opinion  that  there  would  be  more  dignity,  as  well 
as  propriety,  in  our  withdrawing.  But  the  majority  here  urge 
with  some  reason,  that  we  stand  committed  to  the  captains  who 
have  accepted,  and  should  infringe  the  express  terms  of  the  con- 
tract which  we  ourselves  proposed,  by  deserting  them  at  this  time. 

It  seems  to  be  the  opinio^  that,  under  these  circumstances,  we 
had  better  suffer  the  scheme  to  die  a  natural  death. 

It  is  not  even  yet  despaired  but  that  the  plan  may  be  executed. 
From  Gloucester,  Essex,  Stafford  and  Fredericksburg,  we  have 
flattering  accounts  that  the  storm  is  subsiding. 

It  depends,  I  suspect,  on  Great  Britain,  whether  the  Legion  will 
be  ever  filled  up.  *  *  * 

In  very  great  haste,  my  dear  D, 

I  am  yours  ut  semper, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

This  is  the  end  of  a  martial  dream.  Wirt  and  Carr  were  both 
in  their  thirty-fifth  year— an  age  when  men  may  be  trusted  to 


CHAP.  XV.l  WAR    POSTPONED— THE    EMBARGO.  225 

make  good  any  promise  of  adventure.  They  were  both  very 
much  in  earnest  in  the  scheme.  The  reader  will  smile  at  the 
double  current  of  Avar  and  law,  which  runs  through  these  letters — 
the  affairs  of  the  forum  in  the  morning,  of  the  camp  in  the  evening. 
A  two-fold  engrossment  very  taking  to  the  fancy  of  Wirt.  A 
special  session  of  Congress  was  called  by  the  President,  to  com- 
mence on  the  26th  of  October.  It  was  supposed  that  this  session 
would  take  up  the  question  of  the  Chesapeake  in  such  a  spirit  as 
would  lead  to  a  declaration  of  war.  That  expectation  had  already 
yielded  to  an  opposite  conviction,  produced  by  a  disavowal  of  the 
act  of  the  British  Commander  by  his  Government.  The  prospect 
of  settling  the  pending  differences  by  negotiation  became  almost 
certain.  The  result  was,  that  the  war  was  indefinitely  postponed. 
Amongst  other  consequences  of  this  event,  the  hopes  of  the  Legion 
and  its  projector  gradually  faded  away  in  the  somewhat  clouded 
atmosphere  of  a  doubtful  peace. 

Instead  of  war — the  country  had  an  Embargo. 


CHAPTER   XVI. 

1S08. 

mCREASING   REPUTATION MR.  JEFFERSON    PROPOSES   TO   HIM   TO  GO    INTO 

CONGRESS HE  DECLINES DETERMINES  TO  ADHERE  TO  HIS  PROFESSION 

HE  DEFENDS  MR.  MADISON  AGAINST  THE  PROTEST.— LETTERS  OF  "ONE  OF 
THE  PEOPLE."— UNEXPECTEDLY  PUT  IN  NOMINATION  FOR  THE  LEGISLA- 
TURE— LETTER  TO  MRS.  W.  ON  THIS  EVENT— HIS  REPUGNANCE  TO  IT — IS 

ELECTED — CORRESPONDENCE  WITH  MR.  MONROE LETTERS  TO  CARR  AND 

EDWARDS. 

The  reputation  which  Wirt  acquired  by  his  participation  in  the 
trial  of  Aaron  Burr  had  a  conspicuous  eiFect  upon  his  subsequent 
career.  That  trial  had  summoned  to  Richmond  a  great  concourse 
of  spectators,  amongst  whom  were  many  men  of  the  highest  dis- 
tinction in  the  State  of  Virginia,  and,  indeed,  in  the  Union.  The 
court  house  was  thronged  with  crowds  capable  of  forming  the 
best  judgment  upon  the  merits  of  the  counsel,  and  of  doing  full 
justice  to  their  several  ability.  The  cases  were  argued  with 
careful  preparation  and  masterly  skill.  The  whole  doctrine  of 
treason,  both  as  known  to  the  law  of  England  and  as  defined  in 
the  Constitution  of  the  United  States,  was  fully  discussed,  and  the 
leading  decisions  of  both  countries  were  analyzed  with  an  acumen 
which  impresses  the  reader  of  the  report  with  the  highest  respect 
for  the  talent  enlisted  in  the  cause. 

The  opinions  of  those  who  witnessed  the  trial,  and  the  impres- 
sions made  by  it  upon  all  who  read  the  proceedings  at  a  distance 
from  the  scene,  equally  tended  to  elevate  the  professional  standing 
of  the  counsel :  of  neither  more  than  of  Mr.  Wirt.  Indeed,  judg- 
ing from  the  notoriety  which  portions  of  his  speech  acquired 
through  the  public  press,  we  may  say  that  no  one  of  the  counsel 
profited  as  much  by  it  as  he  did. 

His  popularity  in  Richmond  thus  greatly  enhanced,  seems  to 
have  suggested  an  attempt  to  bring  him  into  public  life.  Mr.  Jef- 
ferson expressed  an  earnest  wish  to  him  on  this  subject,  in  which 
he  was  seconded  by  many  of  his  political  friends. 


CHAP.  XVI.]  LETTER    FROM   MR.    JEFFERSON.  227 

The  following  letter  from  the  President,  now  approaching  the 
last  year  of  his  second  term,  shows  the  high  estimate  he  made  of 
Mr.  Wirt's  qualifications  for  political  service. 

Washington,  January  10,  1808. 

Dear  Sir  : 

*#**#*♦ 

I  suspected,  from  your  desire  to  go  into  the  army,  that  you  dis- 
liked your  profession,  notwithstanding  that  your  prospects  in  it 
were  inferior  to  none  in  the  state.  Still,  I  knew  that  no  profes- 
sion is  open  to  stronger  antipathies  than  that  of  the  law.  The 
object  of  this  letter,  then,  is  to  propose  to  you  to  come  into  Con- 
gress. That  is  the  great  commanding  theatre  of  this  nation,  and 
the  threshold  to  whatever  department  of  office  a  man  is  qualified 
to  enter.  With  your  reputation,  talents  and  correct  views,  used 
with  the  necessary  prudence,  you  will,  at  once,  be  placed  at  the 
head  of  the  republican  body  in  the  House  of  Representatives;  and 
after  obtaining  the  standing  which  a  little  time  will  ensure  you, 
you  may  look,  at  your  own  will,  into  the  military,  the  judiciary, 
diplomatic  or  other  civil  departments,  with  a  certainty  of  being 
in  either  whatever  you  please;  and,  in  the  present  state  of  what 
may  be  called  the  eminent  talents  of  our  country,  you  may  be 
assured  of  being  engaged,  through  life,  in  the  most  honorable  em- 
ployments. If  you  come  in  at  the  next  election,  you  will  begin 
your  course  with  a  new  administration. 

*  *  *  *  *  *       • 

By  supporting  them,  you  will  lay  for  yourself  a  broad  founda- 
tion in  the  public  confidence,  and,  indeed,  you  will  become  the 
Colossus  of  the  republican  government  of  your  country.  I  will 
not  say  that  public  life  is  the  line  for  making  a  fortune;  but  it  fur- 
nishes a  decent  and  honorable  support,  and  places  one's  children 
on  good  grounds  for  public  favor.  The  family  of  a  beloved  father 
will  stand  with  the  public  on  the  most  favorable  grounds  of  com- 
petition. Had  General  Washington  left  children,  what  would 
have  been  denied  to  them  ? 

Perhaps,  I  ought  to  apologize  for  the  frankness  of  this  communi- 
cation. It  proceeds  from  an  ardent  zeal  to  see  this  government 
(the  idol  of  my  soul)  continue  in  good  hands,  and  from  a  sincere 
desire  to  see  you  whatever  you  Avish  to  be.     To  this  apology  [ 


228  WIRT'S    ANSWER.  [1808. 

shall  only  add  my  friendly  salutations  and  assurances  of  sincere 
esteem  and  respect. 

Th.  Jefferson. 

This  very  flattering  invitation  from  one  so  eminently  distin- 
guished as  the  writer  of  it,  to  a  career  which  we  may  suppose,  at 
this  time,  to  have  been  fully  open  to  Mr.  Wirt,  and  which,  in 
itself,  is  usually  regarded  as  sufficiently  attractive  to  men  of 
talents,  was  promptly  answered  by  him  to  whom  it  was  addressed, 
in  a  tone  of  so  much  prudence  and  with  such  deliberate  estimate 
of  the  duties  he  owed  to  himself  and  his  family,  as  to  present  an 
example  of  self-denial  but  seldom  witnessed  in  one  who  might 
have  found  in  the  invitation  so  many  persuasives  to  accept  it. 

Wirt  was  now  in  the  very  meridian  of  vigorous  manhood, — a 
time  of  life  when  the  ardor  of  youthful  ambition  is  not  only  una- 
bated, but  even  more  confident  by  the  conscious  strength  of  expe- 
rience and  knowledge  of  the  world. 

TO    THOMAS    JEFFERSON. 

Richmond,  January  14,  1808. 
Dear  Sir  : 

I  fear  you  have  forgotten  my  disposition,  since  you  seem  to 
think  your  favor  of  the  lOlh  might  require  an  apology.  It  is  to 
me  obliging  and  grateful  beyond  expression.  I  cannot  better  de- 
serve your  good  opinion  than  by  answering  your  proposition  in  the 
same  spirit  of  frankness  in  which  it  was  made. 

My  desire  to  go  into  the  army  proceeded  from  no  dislike  of  my 
profession.  It  arose  from  the  impulse  which  electrified  the  conti- 
nent. In  acting  under  it,  I  overlooked  domestic  inconveniences 
which,  in  this  calmer  proposal  of  going  into  Congress,  present 
themselves  with  irresistible  force.  I  have  a  wife  and  children 
entirely  unprovided  for.  They  subsist  on  the  running  profits  of 
my  practice.  The  instant  this  ceases  they  must  either  starve,  or 
be  thrown  on  the  charity  of  their  relations.  This  also  would  be 
the  effect  of  my  going  into  the  army.  But  a  state  of  war  demands 
many  sacrifices  which  can  never  be  necessary  in  a  time  of  peace. 
The  war,  too,  I  supposed  could  not  last  more  than  two  or  three 
campaigns — at  least  upon  land;  after  which  I  might  return  to  my 


CHAP.  XVI.]  REFUSES    PUBLIC    LIFE.  229 

practice.  Whereas  the  political  career  fixes  my  destiny  for  life. 
In  entering  it,  although  I  should  have  the  good  fortune  to  reap  all 
the  high  honors  and  advantages  which  your  obliging  good  opinion 
has  suggested,  yet  old  age  will  come  upon  me,  and  find  my  wife 
and  children  as  destitute  of  provision  as  they  are  now,  I  think  it 
my  duty  to  endeavor  to  guard  against  this,  and,  as  soon  as  I  can, 
to  place  them  in  a  situation  in  which  my  death  would  not  beggar 
them. 

It  is  then  that  I  might  enter,  with  advantage,  on  public  life.  I 
should  be  better  informed  and  better  known ;  and  independence  of 
fortune  might  save  me  from  those  cruel  and  diabolical  insinuations 
which  I  have  sometimes  seen  in  the  debates  of  Congress  and  in 
the  public  prints. 

The  situation  of  our  amiable  and  beloved  countryman  who  has 
just  returned  from  a  foreign  mission,  to  meet  the  most  perplexing 
embarrassments,  of  a  private  nature,  at  home,  is  an  awful  lesson 
on  the  subject  of  devoting  one's  self  to  his  country  before  he  shall 
have  secured  an  independent  retreat  for  old  age :  nothing,  indeed, 
can  be  more  endearing  than  that  devotion. 

I  may  add  that  were  my  fortune  other  than  it  is,  there  is  not  in 
life  a  course  on  which  I  would  enter  with  more  spirit  and  ardor 
than  that  to  which  you  invite  me.  The  government  is  most  dear 
to  my  affections.  Its  practicability,  its  energy,  its  dignity — the 
protection,  prosperity  and  happiness  which  it  ensures,  are  now 
demonstrated.  And  after  your  retirement,  the  pure  and  en- 
lightened man  to  whom  we  look,  as  your  successor,  will,  in  my 
opinion,  have  no  equal  on  the  theatre  of  public  life.  Yet  not- 
withstanding this,  I  am  sure  that  you  will  approve  my  motive  in 
adhering  to  the  practice  of  the  law. 

I  am  dear  sir,  most  respectfully, 

Your  obedient  serv't, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

Refusing  in  this  firm  and  respectful  manner  the  alluring  oiler 
which  was  made  to  him,  Wirt,  nevertheless,  was  far  from  being 
an  unconcerned  or  inactive  spectator  of  the  public  events.  Tlie 
time  had  now  arrived  when  Mr.  Jefferson  was  about  to  retire  from 
the  Presidency,  and  the  nation  was  deeply  interested  in  the  pur- 
voL.  1—20 


230  ONE    OF    THE   PEOPLE.  [1309. 

pose  of  nominating  his  successor.  The  democratic  party,  of 
which  Mr.  Jeti'erson  was  the  head,  had  generally  directed  their 
attention  to  the  secretary  of  state,  Mr.  Madison,  as  the  man  most 
worthy  of  the  eminent  trust  which  was  about  to  be  vacated. 
There  were,  however,  some  dissentients  in  that  party,  opposed  to 
this  nomination.  At  the  head  of  these  was  John  Randolph,  of 
Roanoke.  Certain  members  of  Congress,  of  whom  Mr.  Randolph 
was  one,  had  published  a  paper  which  purported  to  be  "  A  Pro- 
test" against  the  proceedings  of  a  caucus,  then  recently  held  by 
the  majority  of  the  republican  members  of  the  two  houses  at 
Washington,  in  which  Mr.  Madison  had  been  nominated  as  the 
candidate.  This  Protest  came  from  a  fragment  of  the  republican 
party  itself,  'and  threatened  a  distinctive  division,  which  might 
finally  lead  to  the  overthrow  of  the  friends  of  the  existing  admin- 
istration. Mr.  Madison  was  the  principal  object  of  their  attack, 
and  he  was  arraigned  before  the  public  in  terms  of  great  severity. 
The  principal  charges  brought  against  him,  were  found  first,  in 
his  report  upon  the  Yazoo  claims,  "recommending,"  as  the  Protest 
affirmed, — "  a  shameful  bargain  with  the  unprincipled  speculators 
of  the  Yazoo  companies ;" — second,  in  an  alleged  "want  of  en- 
ergy" of  character; — and  lastly,  in  his  participation  in  the  author- 
ship of  "  The  Federalist,"  with  Jay  and  Hamilton. 

Such  a  paper,  put  forth  at  this  time,  was  looked  upon  by  the 
great  body  of  the  republicans  with  deep  concern.  This  party  had 
now  been  in  power  eight  years.  The  retirement  of  Mr.  Jefferson 
presented  the  first  occasion  for  a  struggle  to  re-assert  the  supre- 
macy of  the  party  which  he  had  overthrown.  The  public  afiairs 
were  in  a  most  critical  position,  hovering  between  peace  and  war. 
Powerful  enemies  were  in  arms  abroad.  Great  talent  was  skill- 
fully combined  at  home  against  the  administration.  But  the  people 
were  strong  in  the  advocacy  of  tlie  party  in  power,  and  could  only 
be  defeated,  in  their  hope  of  maintaining  it,  by  such  untoward 
events  as  this  division  of  their  leaders  seemed  likely  to  encourage 
and  direct. 

In  this  state  of  things,  Wirt  took  up  his  pen  in  defence  of  the 
decision  of  the  caucus,  and  addressed  three  letters  "  to  the  Pro- 
testors," through  the  medium  of  the  Enquirer,  at  Richmond. 
These  letters  were  signed  "  One  of  the  People."  As  they  convey 
a  favorable  impression  of  the  author's  talents  for  political  contro- 


CHAP.  XVI.]  EXTRACTS.  231 

versy ;  and  as  they  refer  to  some  interesting  facts  of  public  his- 
tory, as  well  as  to  some  questions  of  political  conduct;  and  present 
a  most  spirited  and  appropriate  defence  of  one  of  the  ablest  and 
best  of  American  statesmen,  the  reader,  it  is  presumed,  will  find 
sufficient  interest  in  the  topics,  to  be  gratified  with  the  perusal  of 
the  following  extracts. 

These  letters  are  addressed  to  Joseph  Clay,  Abraham  Trigg, 
John  Russell,  Josiah  Masters,  George  Clinton,  Jr.,  Gurdon  S. 
Mumford,  John  Thompson,  Peter  Swart,  Edwin  Gray,  W.  Hoge, 
Samuel  Smith,  Daniel  Montgomery,  John  Harris,  Samuel  Maclay, 
David  R.  Williams,  James  M.  Garnett  and  John  Randolph. 

"  One  of  the  people  of  the  United  States,  to  whom  you  have 
lately  addressed  yourselves  through  the  medium  of  the  press,  re- 
turns you  his  acknowledgements  through  the  same  channel,  and  as 
one  of  your  constituents,  he  expects  to  be  heard  by  you  in  his 
turn.  An  appeal  to  the  nation,  by  their  representatives  in  Con- 
gress, and  that  under  so  solemn  a  form  as  a  protest,  strikes  the 
attention  and  commands  respect.  The  parliamentary  protest  in 
England,  has  generally  been  the  act  of  a  patriotic  minority,  resist- 
ing in  behalf  of  the  people,  the  corrupt  policy  and  bold  encroach- 
ments of  the  minister.  We  have  been  accustomed  to  see  and  to 
feel  in  those  protests  the  genuine  flame  of  the  patriot,  the  unity 
and  simplicity  of  truth,  the  energy  of  argument,  crowned  with  the 
light,  the  order  and  dignity  of  eloquence.  From  a  natural  asso- 
ciation of  ideas,  on  which  you,  no  doubt,  calculated,  we  received 
your  protest  with  similar  feelings.  It  is  true,  indeed,  that  in  this 
country  we  have  perceived  nothing  either  of  ministerial  oppression 
or  corruption,  during  the  course  of  our  present  administration. 
The  country  has  appeared  to  us  to  flourish  in  halcyon  peace.  In- 
stead of  oppression,  we  have  felt  our  burdens  lightened ;  instead 
of  corruption,  we  have  seen  only  that  political  purity  and  chastity 
which  become  a  republic.  But  in  spite  of  seeing  and  feeling, 
when  we  find  a  congressional  protest  published  to  the  world,  and 
supported  by  dissentients  so  respectable,  in  number,  we  at  first 
apprehend  that  our  senses  have  been  deceived  ;  that,  unknown  to 
us,  there  has  been  oppression  or  corruption,  or  both,  which  this 
band  of  honest  and  independent  patriots  is  now  about  to  expose 
and  proclaim  to  the  nation.  We  take  up  your  protest  with  hearts 
beating  full  of  expectation  and  anticipated  gratitude.     But  what  is 


232  ONE    OF    THE    PEOPLE.  [1808. 

our  disappointment,  what  our  regret,  what  our  disgust,  when, 
instead  of  a  protest  breathing  tlie  elevated  spirit  of  conscious  truth 
and  virtue,  telhng  us  of  wrongs  which  we  have  suffered,  and  proving 
them  too,  we  find  ourselves  insulted  by  an  electioneering  squib — 
weak  and  inconsistent  in  its  charges — shuffling  and  prevaricating 
in  its  argument — poor,  entangled  and  crippled  in  its  composition. 
Is  it  by  these  means  that  you  seek  to  recommend  yourselves  to  our 
respect .'  Is  it  thus  that  you  respect  the  understandings  and  integ- 
rity of  your  countrymen .'' 

"The  jealous  resentment  of  a  republic,  is  the  sacred  guardian  of 
her  honor  and  safety.  The  wise  and  the  virtuous  approach  and 
excite  it  with  caution ;  for  they  know  that  it  is  a  dangerous  pas- 
sion, and  they  would  confine  it  to  its  appropriate  function,  the 
punishment  of  guilt,  and  the  preservation  of  the  republic.  It  is 
only  the  weak  and  the  wicked,  who  seek  to  rouse  this  lion  passion 
on  every  occasion ;  the  weak,  because  they  know  not  what  they 
do;  and  the  wicked,  because  they  know  it  too  well ;  because  they 
are,  perhaps,  in  a  situation  which  anarchy  cannot  make  worse, 
and  may  make  better;  or  because  there  is  some  man  of  pre- 
eminent merit  who  stands  in  the  way  of  their  designs,  and  who  is 
too  firmly  fixed  to  be  removed  by  any  other  means  than  a  popular 
storm ;  or  because  they  feel  themselves  so  perfectly  eclipsed  in 
the  plain  load  of  virtuous  and  honest  policy,  that  they  find  it 
necessary  to  fly  off  into  an  eccentric  track,  in  order  to  catch  the 
public  eye;  or  because  they  had  rather  be  regarded  as  baleful 
meteors,  shaking  pestilence  and  plague  upon  the  earth,  than  as 
salutary  planets  of  inferior  magnitude  and  splendor,  dispensing 
light  and  maintaining  the  harmony  of  the  system ;  or  because  they 
have  been  baulked  in  some  favorite  appointment,  and  writhing 
under  the  united  pangs  of  disappointed  ambition  and  rancorous 
revenge,  or  panting  for  the  guilty  glory  of  heading  a  bold  and 
turbulent  faction,  they  would  involve  a  republic  in  confusion  and 
ruin,  rather  than  not  to  be  gratified  and  distinguished.  These  are 
truths  which  the  people  of  the  United  States  understand ;  and 
understanding  which,  they  will  scan  with  a  critical  and  suspicious 
eye  every  attempt  which  is  made  to  inflame  the  national  resent- 
ment. Before  they  suffer  themselves  to  be  inflamed,  they  will 
examine  well  the  causes  which  are  assigned  for  it.  Before  they 
suffer  their  confidence  to  be  withdrawn  from  a  tried,  a  faithful  and 


CHAP.  XVI.]  THE   CAUCUS.  233 

a  favorite  servant,  they  will  analyze  with  calmness  and  patience 
the  charges  which  are  made  against  him.  They  will  do  more : 
they  will  look  with  an  eye  of  jealous  scrutiny  into  the  charac- 
ters and  motives  of  his  accusers.  They  will  see  whether  there 
be  no  one  amonsr  them  to  whom  the  removal  of  that  favorite 
would  be  personally  convenient  or  grateful ;  no  one  w^hose  resent- 
ment or  whose  envy  it  would  soothe ;  no  clan  of  subaltern  charac- 
ters, to  whose  private  and  personal  attachment  to  a  restless  and 
ambitious  chieftain,  it  would  administer  delight.  They  will  trace 
the  denunciations  to  its  source  ;  and  see  whether  it  be  fair  and 
patriotic,  with  a  sincere  and  single  eye  to  the  public  good ;  or 
whether  it  be  the  intrigue  of  a  cabal,  to  put  out  of  the  way  a  man 
who  is  too  honest  and  virtuous  for  their  purposes.  As  to  you, 
gentlemen,  it  is  to  be  presumed  that  you  can  defy  this  scrutiny. 
Occupying  the  station  which  you  do,  it  would  be  horrible  to  think 
otherwise  of  you.  To  turn  against  us  the  '  vantage  ground '  which 
we  have  given  you,  to  use  it  for  the  purpose  of  embroiling  us  with 
one  another,  of  ruining  our  peace,  and  overwhelming  the  republic 
with  civil  discord,  in  order  that  you  might  rise,  like  the  spirits  of 
the  storm,  to  the  sovereign  direction,  would  be  an  abuse  of  confi- 
dence, a  pitch  of  ingratitude  and  perfidy,  of  which  we  trust  that 
our  infant  republic  has,  as  yet,  no  examples. 

******* 
"  You  arraign  the  late  caucus  at  Washington  ;  but  have  not  you 
yourselves,  or  at  least  the  most  distinguished   among  you,  been 
members  of  caucuses  on  the  very  same  occasion.''     Were  you  not 
members  of  a  caucus  for  this  very  purpose  in  the  presidential  elec- 
tion of  1800.''     You  cannot  deny  it;  you  dare  not  deny  it.     When 
it  was  found  that  there  was  an  equal  division  in  the  electoral  votes 
between  Mr.  Jefferson  and  A.  Burr,  were  you  not  frequently,  nay 
almost  perpetually  in  caucus  for  the  purpose  of  devising  means  to 
ensure  the  ultimate  election  of  him  whom  you  believed  the  choice 
of  the  people }     Were  you  not,  again,  in  caucus  for  the  presiden- 
tial election  which  took  place  in  the  year  1805  ^     These  are  facts 
of  public  notoriety.     You  do  not  deny  them.     Nay,  you  admit 
that  caucuses  '  have  heretofore  been  customary :'  your  consciences 
admonished  you  of  the  inconsistencies  into  which  you  were  plung- 
ing, and  you  attempt  to  excuse  yourselves.      *  These  meetings,' 
you  say,  '  if  not  justified^  were  palliated  by  the  necessity  of  the 
VOL.  1—20* 


234  ONE    OF    THE   PEOPLE.  [1S08. 


Union :'  No  shuffling  in  the  ranks,  gentlemen.  A  caucus  is  right 
or  wrong  in  principle ;  if  wrong,  nothing  can  make  it  right.  If  the 
caucus  of  1808  was  'in  direct  hostility  with  the  principles  of  the 
Constitution ;'  if  it  w^as  a  'gross  assumption  of  power  not  delegated 
by  the  people ;'  the  caucuses  of  w^iich  you  were  members,  were 
equally 'in  direct  hostility  with  the  Constitution;'  were  equally 
'gross  assumptions  of  power  not  delegated  by  the  people  ;'  for  the 
Constitution  has  undergone  no  change  in  this  respect.  It  gave  no 
more  caucussing  power  in  1800-4,  than  it  gives  in  1808.  Out 
of  your  own  mouth,  then,  you  are  condemned:  'wherein  ye  judge 
others,  ye  condemn  yourselves;  for  ye  that  judge,  do  the  same 
things.' 

*#*♦*** 

"  Again :  You  accuse  the  members  of  Congress  who  formed  the 
late  caucus  at  Washington  of  attempting  to  produce  '  an  undue  bias 
on  tlie  presidential  election — by  the  sanction  of  congressional 
names.'  Now,  pray,  what  was  the  object  of  your  protest — of 
your  indecent  and  unfounded  invective  against  Mr.  Madison.' 
Was  that  intended  to  produce  no  '  bias  on  the  presidential  elec- 
tion,' and  to  produce  it,  too,  '  by  the  sanction  of  congressional 
names  ?'  Blush  at  the  inconsistences  in  which  you  have  involved 
yourselves — inconsistencies  which  prove  the  pure  and  noble  policy 
by  which  you  are  actuated,  and  which,  rely  upon  it,  will  not  be 
shortly  forgotten  by  your  country. 

"  But  what  is  all  this  clamor  and  uproar  about  caucuses,  and 
which,  all  at  once,  have  become  so  fraught  with  danger  to  the 
country  !  The  people  of  the  United  States  see  nothing  in  a  cau- 
cus but  a  conference  among  the  members  of  Congress  to  ascertain 
the  favorite  of  a  majority  of  the  people.  The  presidential  election 
is  a  prevailing  topic  of  conversation  in  every  quarter  of  the  Union, 
for  a  considerable  time  before  it  takes  place.  The  pretensions  of 
the  several  candidates  are  every  where  publicly  and  freely  dis- 
cussed. The  members  of  Congress,  then,  will  have  learnt  the 
sentiments  of  their  respective  constituents,  before  they  leave  home. 
The  object  of  a  caucus  is  understood  to  be  nothing  more  nor  less 
than  to  bring  those  sentiments  together,  and,  by  comparing  them,  to 
ascertain  wdio  has  the  preponderance  of  popular  favor.  What 
odds  does  it  make  how  this  conference  is  called ;  whether  by  an 
anonymous  card  or  one  signed  by  the  name  of  Mr.  Bradley  }    The 


CHAP.  XVI.]  THE    CAUCUS.  235 

essential  object  is  the  conference;  and  so  tliat  one  be  fairly  obtained, 
the  people  care  very  little  about  the  forms  and  ceremonies  which  led 
to  it.  As  to  the  assertion  that  the  notice  was  private,  we  require 
evidence.  We  have  seen  a  very  dillerent  statement  of  this  fact — 
a  card  published  in  the  name  of  INlr.  Bradley,  and  a  counter-card 
in  the  name  of  Mr.  Somebody-else.  And  as  to  you,  gentlemen, 
we  presume  that  it  would  have  made  very  little  difference  whether 
the  notice  was  public  or  private ;  since  your  new-born  religion 
on  this  subject,  you  would  have  been  too  scrupulous  or  too  stately 
to  have  attended,  although  the  notice  had  come  to  you  in  the  form 
of  a  siibpcena  ad  tesiijicandum,  and,  that,  on  the  solemn  call  of 
your  country. 

"  You  seem  to  think  that  a  congressional  caucus  has  the  power 
of  forcing  on  the  people  whomsoever  they  please  as  President — 
that  by  bribes  in  one  shape  and  another,  a  caucus  composed  of 
members  of  Congress,  might  be  induced  to  place  any  candidate  in 
nomination,  and  that  such  nomination  would  bind  the  people  like  a 
magic  spell ;  that  from  it  they  would  have  no  possibility  of  ap- 
peal or  escape.  Do  you  really  believe  all  this,  gentlemen .''  If 
you  do,  we  are  sorry  for  you.  You  have  lived  to  very  little  pur- 
pose, and  know  but  little  of  the  independence  of  the  American 
character.  Waiving,  at  present,  your  remark  on  the  corrupti- 
bility of  Congress,  and  of  which  it  is  hoped  you  do  not  speak  ex- 
perimentally— let  me  ask  you  this  question; — do  you  suppose  that, 
if  one  of  you  (and  let  it  be  the  most  prominent  character  among 
you)  could  have  prevailed  on  the  last  caucus  to  put  him  in  nomi- 
nation, the  people  would  have  had  no  choice  but  to  have  made 
him  President.''  It  is  impossible  to  read  the  question,  without 
smiling  at  the  supposition  of  an  answer  in  the  affirmative.  The 
nomination  would  have  been  laughed  to  scorn.  And  why  would 
it.-'  Because  there  are  men  of  another  stamp  who  are  willing  to 
serve  us:  men,  whom  we  have  tried  for  upwards  of  thirty  years; 
men,  who  sat  at  the  helm  through  the  storms  of  our  revolutionary 
war;  men,  whom  w^e  have  ever  found  faithful  and  vigilant;  men, 
as  profound  in  policy,  as  they  are  upright  in  their  views ;  men, 
who  have  never  had  an  object  but  their  country's  good  ;  men, 
compared  to  whom  you  are  but  as  boys  of  yesterday.  These  are 
the  men  whom  our  fathers  have  gone  down  to  their  graves,  bless- 


236  ONE    OF    THE   PEOPLE.  [1808. 

ing;  and  whom  we  certainly  shall  not  desert,  because  of  your 
petulance  and  importunity." 

The  protestors  had  affirmed  that  a  caucus  was  "  in  direct  hos- 
tility with  the  principles  of  the  Constitution" — but  had  added  to 
this  declaration — "  we  do  not  say  that  a  consultation  amongst  the 
members  of  Congress  respecting  the  persons  to  be  recommended 
for  the  two  highest  offices  in  the  Union,  may  not,  in  some  extraor- 
dinary crisis  be  proper" — and  as  an  instance  of  such  a  crisis  they 
had  referred  to  the  first  election  of  Mr.  Jefferson, — "  The  fed- 
eralists"— they  said  in  touching  upon  this  election, — "presented  a 
strong  phalanx,  and  either  to  succeed  at  all,  or  to  prevent  them 
from  placing  the  candidate  for  the  Vice-Presidency  in  the  presi- 
dential chair,  it  was  necessary  to  exert  the  combined  efforts  of  the 
whole  republican  party."  To  this  point,  "One  of  the  People" 
asks : 

"  But  why  are  you  not  in  caucus,  gentlemen  ?  for  the  very  crisis 
has  arrived,  which,  according  to  your  principles,  would  render  it 
proper.  There  is  a  party  which  is  just  as  obnoxious  to  you  as 
ever  the  federal  party  was,  and  which  we  believe  you  wish,  most 
fervently  wish,  to  annihilate.  It  it  the  republican  party,  at  the 
head  of  which  is  the  present  administration.  It  will  be  in  vain 
for  you  to  deny  this.  It  is  not  in  your  Protest  only  that  we  look 
for  the  evidence  of  it :  it  is  in  your  conduct  on  the  floor  of  Con- 
gress. From  an  occasional  difference  with  the  measures  of  the 
administration,  we  should  not  have  drawn  this  conclusion,  because 
such  a  result  might  have  been  expected  from  the  different  struc- 
tures and  habits  of  different  minds.  But  when  we  find  you  orga- 
nized into  a  corps  against  the  administration,  and  pursuing  your 
opposition  with  as  much  system^  injlexibility,  and,  I  will  add, 
rancor^  as  you  manifested  towards  the  federal  administrations,  we 
can  have  no  doubt  that  you  wish  their  annihilation  as  devoutly  as 
ever  you  wished  that  of  the  federalists.  Yes,  it  is  not  Mr.  Madison 
only,  it  is  the  administration  which  offends  you.  It  is  their  united 
effulgence  which  produces  all  this  agitation  and  screaming  among 
the  birds  of  night.  They  long  for  the  day-fall,  which  better  suits 
the  dimness  of  their  sight ;  for  the  season  of  darkness,  when 
the  peculiar  conformation  of  their  organs  may  give  them  an  ad- 
vantage, and  their  fierce  and  predatory  spirit  may  have  full  scope 
for  indulgence  and  satiety."  ♦  ♦  • 


CHAP.  XVI.]  THE   CAUCUS.  237 


After  some  cogent  arguments  in  favor  of  the  caucus  principle, 
the  author  proceeds : 

"  That  conference  is  a  medium  of  communication  between  the 
states.  It  shows  to  one  state  the  opinions  of  another,  and  to  the 
United  States  the  result  of  the  whole.  Those  who,  on  the  com- 
parison, find  themselves  in  the  minority,  if  they  he  the  genuine 
friends  of  republicanism,  of  harmony  and  of  the  Union,  will  sac- 
rifice their  private  predilection  to  those  great  public  objects ;  and 
thus,  by  reciprocal  concessions,  feuds  between  the  states  will  be 
prevented,  congressional  intrigue  will  be  avoided,  and  these  elec- 
tions will  continue  to  fall,  where  the  Constitution  intended  them  to 
fall,  on  the  people,  by  their  electors.  Such  will  always  be  the 
result  while  the  people  continue  fraternal,  united,  virtuous  and 
patriotic. — Or  say  that  a  country  is  cursed  with  a  congressional 
minority,  who,  instead  of  thus  sacrificing  to  the  public  good, 
would  sacrifice  every  earthly  and  every  heavenly  consideration  to 
the  views  of  their  own  inordinate  ambition;  then,  there  is  the 
more  occasion  for  concert  and  good  understanding  among  the  vir- 
tuous and  pacific  majority.  So  that  whether  in  times  of  internal 
peace  or  trouble,  the  conference  is  constitutional,  harmless  and 
advantageous. 

"When  was  it  ever  more  so,  than  on  the  present  occasion? 
When  (to  say  the  least  of  them)  a  parcel  of  hot-brained  young 
men,  aspiring  to  resemble  Shakspeare's  character  of  the  earl  of 
Warwick,  to  be  the  '  builders  up  and  pullers  down  of  Presi- 
dents,' confederate  themselves  together  to  traduce  and  ruin  one  of 
the  most  virtuous  and  able  public  servants  that  ever  blessed  a  free 
nation  ^  And  did  you  suppose  that  it  would  be  in  the  power  of 
such  men  as  you  are,  to  shake  the  gratitude  and  attachment  of  the 
people  to  such  a  man  as  Mr.  Madison .''  What  could  you  have 
thought  of  us  .?  what  could  you  have  thought  of  yourselves  ?  Of 
Mr.  Madison,  we  had  supposed  it  might  have  been  truly  said,  as 
Dr.  Johnson  is  reported  to  have  said  of  Sir  Joshua  Reynolds,  that 
he  is  one  of  those  men  with  whom,  if  a  person  were  to  quarrel, 
he  would  be  the  most  at  a  loss  how  to  abuse.  But  in  this  senti- 
ment, Dr.  Johnson  went  upon  the  supposition,  that  the  abuse 
should  proceed  upon  facts,  or  at  least,  have  some  small  degree  of 
resemblance  to  them.     The  powers  of  invention  and  of  distortion, 


238  ONE    OF   THE   PEOPLE.  [1803. 

which   you  have  displayed,   were   altogether   beyond    his    cal- 
culation." 

The  objection  of  "  want  of  energy"  is  then  taken  up.  The 
Protest  had  inveighed  against  Mr.  Madison  in  this  language  : 

"  We  ask  for  energy,  and  we  are  told  of  his  moderation.  We 
ask  for  talents,  and  the  reply  is,  his  unassuming  merit.  We  ask 
what  were  his  services  in  the  cause  of  public  liberty,  and  we  are 
directed  to  the  pages  of  the  Federalist,  written  in  conjunction  with 
Alexander  Hamilton  and  John  Jay,  in  which  the  most  extravagant 
of  their  doctrines  are  maintained  and  propagated.  We  ask  for 
consistency  as  a  republican  standing  forth  to  stem  the  torrent  of 
oppression  which  threatened  to  overwhelm  the  liberties  of  the 
country  :  we  ask  for  that  high  and  honorable  sense  of  duty  which 
would,  at  all  times,  turn  with  loathing  and  abhorrence  from  any 
compromise  with  fraud  and  speculation.     We  ask  in  vain." 

The  reply  to  this  is  spirited,  caustic  and  personal,  presenting  a 
strong  example  of  the  author's  power  of  sarcasm. 

"  This  is  just  such  pretty  little  sing-song  composition,  as  school 
boys,  with  senses  half  awake,  dream  over  for  their  first  thesis. 
And  who  are  you  that  hold  this  language  concerning  Mr.  Madison  .'' 
As  to  the  most  prominent  among  you,  we  ask  for  xjoiir  energy,  and 
we  are  told  of  your  arrogance ;  we  ask  for  your  talents,  and  the 
reply  is  your  sarcasms  and  your  petulance  ;  we  ask  what  are  your 
services  in  the  cause  of  public  liberty,  and  we  are  directed  to 
your  co-operation  with  the  British  cabinet  and  the  British  author 
of  War  in  Disguise,  to  justify  the  piratical  plunder  of  our  com- 
merce ;  we  ask  for  your  consistency  as  republicans,  and  we  are 
told  of  what  you  were  and  what  you  are — of  your  former  attach- 
ment to  the  pure  principles  of  the  administration,  and  your  present 
delirious  and  frantic  invectives  against  them.  We  ask  for  that  high 
and  honorable  sense  of  duty,  which  trampling,  with  disdain,  on  all 
selfish  considerations  of  private  pique  and  personal  aggrandize- 
ment, looks  only  to  the  public  good.  We  ask  for  the  mind  which 
pursues  that  great  object  with  calmness  and  discretion  ;  which 
instead  of  fuming  and  fretting  itself  upon  a  partial  view  of  a 
measure,  takes  the  time  to  look  comprehensively,  patiently  and 
calmly  to  all  its  consequences,  in  all  its  bearings;  to  allow  to 
every  consideration  its  due  weight,  and  then,  instead  of  rushing 
to  its  decision,  in  a  state  of  feverish  passion,  takes  its  ground  with 


CHAP.  XVI.]  THE    YAZOO    SPECULATION.  239 

that  dignity  which  results  from  a  conscious  mastery  of  the  sub- 
ject— from  mingled  temperance  and  firmness. — We  ask  for  those 
things  ;  wc  ask  in  vain.  As  to  the  rest  of  you,  we  ask  who  are 
you  ?  and  we  are  told — you  are  members  of  Congress.  We  ask 
how  you  have  distinguished  yourselves .-'  and  we  are  pointed — to 
your  PROTEST  ! — And  you  are  the  men  who  expect,  that  by 
giving  your  names  to  the  xoorld  you  can  destroy  Mr.  Madison  !  It 
was,  indeed,  high  time  for  you  to  have  received  this  salutary 
admonition.  No,  gentlemen,  believe  it,  you  are  not  the  kind  of 
characters  who  are  fitted  to  sway  the  destinies  of  this  nation. 
We  would  as  soon  commit  them  to  '  Macedonia's  madman  or  the 
Swede.'  Nor  are  the  people  of  the  United  States  an  Athenian 
mob,  on  whom  you  can  play  off  your  intrigues  with  success.  You 
will  not  speedily  gain  with  us  the  name  of  patriots  by  means  of 
your  rashness  and  vociferation  ;  nor  will  you  prevail  upon  us,  by 
fictitious  charges,  to  banish  from  our  bosom  another  Aristides. 
You  forget  that  we  have  the  example  of  Athens  before  us.  If, 
after  such  an  example,  we  could  repeat  her  follies  and  her  crimes — 
banish  our  patriots,  and  applaud  and  flatter  the  fiery  demagogue 
until  we  raised  him  into  a  despot — we  should  deserve  the  remorse, 
the  vain  and  unavailing  remorse,  the  ruin  and  the  infamy  which 
finally  overtook  her." 

The  following  brief  history  of  the  celebrated  Yazoo  case  is  not 
without  interest : 

"  But,  what  do  you  mean  by  raising  this  uproar  against  Mr. 
Madison  about  the  abominable  Yazoo  business .''  We  know  that 
he  is  as  perfectly  clear  of  that  transaction  as  you  are ;  and  you 
know  it  too.  We  understand  you,  gentlemen.  We  see  you 
through  all  vour  mazes.  You  know  that  this  Yazoo  business  was 
universally  odious  ;  you  know  how  highly  and  universally  our 
indignation  was  excited.  You  believe  that  indignation  so  blind  that 
you  can  lead  it  as  you  list,  and  so  furious  that  you  can  cause  it  to 
sweep  into  indiscriminate  ruin  all  against  whom  it  is  your 
pleasure  to  direct  it.  You  are  mistaken,  gentlemen.  We  are  not 
so  blind  as  you  suppose  us.  Nor  will  you  find  it  so  easy  a  matter 
as  you  expect,  to  make  us,  by  misrepresentations,  the  tools  of 
your  designs  and  the  instruments  of  our  own  disgrace.  Unfortu- 
nately for  you,  we  knov/  the  course  of  that  whole  allair  too  well 
to  be  imposed  upon  by  you.     We  will  shew  you  that  wc  do. 


240  ONE    OF   THE   PEOPLE.  [180S. 

"  When  that  country  which  had  been  the  scene  and  the  subject 
of  the  Yazoo  speculation,  was  ceded  by  the  State  of  Georgia  to 
the  United  States,  it  passed,  with  all  the  incumbrances  and  claims 
which  previously  existed  upon  it.  These  were  derived  from 
various  sources:  1st.  From  the  British  government  while  the 
country  belonged  to  the  British :  2d.  From  the  Spanish  crown 
after  its  conquest  of  West  Florida  :  3d.  From  occupancy  and 
settlement  only  ;  and  4th.  From  the  State  of  Georgia.  Petitions, 
memorials  and  remonstrances  swarmed  before  Congress,  and, 
among  others,  those  of  the  Yazoo  speculators.  It  became  im- 
portant to  the  United  States  to  ascertain  how  many  of  those 
claims  were  well  founded  and  deserved  to  be  confirmed ;  how 
many  were  fictitious  and  deserved  to  be  rejected.  By  an  act  of 
Congress,  passed  in  1800,  the  commissioners  of  the  United  States 
who  had  been  previously  appointed  to  settle  limits  with  the  State 
of  Georgia,  were  authorized,  1st.  'to  enquire  into  the  claims 
which  are  or  shall  be  made  by  settlers,  or  any  other  persons 
whatsoever  to  any  part  of  the  lands  aforesaid.'  2d.  '  To  receive 
from  such  settlers  and  claimants  any  propositions  of  compromise.'' 
3d.  '  To  lay  a  full  statement  of  the  claims  and  propositions, 
together  with  their  opinion  thereon,  before  Congress.'  Mr.  Madi- 
son, the  secretary  of  state,  Mr.  Gallatin,  the  secretary  of  the 
treasury,  and  Mr.  Lincoln,  the  tlien  attorney  general  of  the  United 
States,  were  the  commissioners  appointed  to  perform  those  labori- 
ous duties.  They  discharged  them  with  ability;  and  all  three 
concurred  in  the  report  upon  this  subject.  In  explaining  the 
Yazoo  claims,  so  far  are  they  from  suppressing  one  single 
feature  of  that  hideous  transaction,  that  they  open  up  all  the 
sources  of  corruption  in  which  the  Georgia  law  originated,  point 
out  the  names  of  the  corrupted  members,  and  arrange  and  exhibit 
the  proofs  of  that  corruption.  In  short,  they  exhibit  the  whole 
of  that  evidence  which  was  afterwards  the  theme  of  so  much 
eloquent  declamation  in  Congress.  Never  was  there  a  case  of 
infamous  corruption  more  luminously,  more  ably,  and  more 
cogently  developed  and  displayed,  than  that  of  the  Yazoo,  in 
their  report.  They  were  directed,  however,  by  the  law  under 
which  they  were  acting,  to  receive  any  proposals  of  compromise 
which  might  be  made  by  the  Yazoo  claimants,  and  to  report  such 
proposals  to  Congress,  together  with  their  opinion  thereon.    They 


CHAP.  XVI.]  THE   YAZOO    SPECULATION.  Cll 

accordingly  receive  and  report  the  Yazoo  proposals,  and  give 
their  opinion  that  they  vi'ere  inadmissible.  At  the  same  time  they 
think  that  there  were  features  in  this  transaction  which  deserved 
their  consideration  and  that  of  Congress.  For  instance,  a  great 
number  of  virtuous  and  innocent  men  at  a  distance  from  the  scene 
of  action,  and  Avho  knew  nothing  of  the  corruption  in  which  the 
law  of  Georgia  originated,  had  been  induced  to  become  pur- 
chasers of  Yazoo  lands.  The  law  itself  on  the  face  of  it  was  not 
only  fair,  but  popular.  For  it  was  an  act  supplementary  to  an  act 
entitled,  '  an  act  appropriating  a  part  of  the  unlocated  territory  of 
this  state  to  the  payment  of  the  late  stale  troops.''  The  Assembly  of 
the  State  of  Georgia,  a  body  having  full  power  on  the  subject, 
pledge  the  faith  of  the  state  for  the  validity  of  the  grant.  On  the 
faith  of  this  pledge,  distant  men,  as  virtuous  as  any  in  the  United 
States,  and  knowing  nothing  of  this  case  except  the  fair  face  of 
the  law,  were  induced  to  take  titles  under  it.  The  names  of  some 
of  these  men,  well  known  in  Virginia,  appear  in  the  report.  Was 
it  competent  to  the  State  of  Georgia,  one  only  of  the  contracting 
parties,  to  revoke  the  law,  and  that  to  the  prejudice  of  these 
innocent  purchasers  .''  These  were  difficulties  which  the  commis- 
sioners had  to  consider  and  to  report  their  opinion  upon.  The 
United  States  had  now  taken  the  place  of  Georgia  ;  it  had 
acquired  by  cession  a  vast  territory  ;  and  besides  doing  strict 
justice  to  itself,  it  was  bound  to  do  what  was  equitable  to  others. 
There  was  another  view  of  the  subject  highly  interesting  to  the 
government.  It  was  bound  in  its  decision  to  consult  its  own  dig- 
nity in  the  mode  of  adjusting  these  disputes,  and  its  own  interest  in 
removing  all  the  sources  of  litigation  and  quieting  the  titles  of  its 
own  future  grantees  in  this  territory.  Considering  these  circum- 
stances, the  real  hardship  of  the  case  to  the  innocent  purchasers 
and  the  rich  acquisition  which  the  United  States  had  gained  in  the 
territory,  the  three  commissioners  concurred  in  thinking  it  the 
most  liberal  and  sound  policy  to  put  an  end  to  all  disputes,  by 
giving  those  claimants  a  reasonable  compensation  for  their  disap- 
pointment and  losses.     This  is  the  whole  case.'' 

We  close  these  extracts  with  the  eloquent  defence  of  Mr. 
Madison,  which  seems  to  have  been  prompted  no  less  by  the  just 
appreciation  of  his  public  service  than  by  a  warm  personal  regard 
for  the  distinguished  subject  of  these  remarks. 

VOL.   1—21 


242  ONE    OF    THE    PEOPLE.  :  [ISOS. 

"  You  object  to  Mr.  Madison,  the  want  of  energy.  The  objection 
shews  the  company  which  you  have  been  keeping.  It  proves  that 
confederacy  with  your  former  political  adversaries,  which  has  been 
so  often,  and,  we  now  find,  so  justly  charged  upon  you. — It  is  the 
mere  echo  of  the  old  federal  reproach  against  Mr,  Jefferson, 
caught  by  you,  to  be  reverberated  against  his  expected  successor. 

The  leant  of  energy?  How  has  Mr.  Madison  shewn  it?  Was  it 
in  standing  abreast  with  the  van  of  our  revolutionary  patriots,  and 
braving  the  horrors  of  a  seven  years'  war,  for  liberty — while  you 
were  shuddering  at  the  sound  of  the  storm  and  clinging  closer  with 
terror,  to  your  mothers'  breasts .''  Was  it,  on  the  Declaration  of 
our  Independence,  in  being  among  the  first  and  most  effective 
agents,  in  casting  aside  the  feeble  threads  which  so  poorly  con- 
nected the  states  together,  and  in  lieu  of  them,  substituting  that 
energetic  bond  of  union,  the  Federal  Constitution.''  Was  it  in  the 
manner  in  which  he  advocated  the  adoption  of  this  substitute;  in 
the  courage  and  firmness  with  which  he  met  on  this  topic,  fought, 
hand  to  hand,  and  finally  vanquished  that  boasted  prodigy  of 
nature,  Patrick  Henry  .''  Where  was  this  timid  and  apprehensive 
spirit  which  you  are  pleased  to  ascribe  to  Mr.  Madison,  when  he 
sat  under  the  sound  of  Henry's  voice  for  days  and  weeks  to- 
gether ; — when  he  saw  that  Henry,  whose  soul  had  so  undauntedly 
led  the  revolution,  shrinking  back  from  his  bold  experiment,  from 
the  energy  of  this  new  and  untried  Constitution ; — when  he  heard 
the  magic  of  his  eloquence  exerted  to  its  highest  pitch,  in  paintnig 
with  a  prophet's  fire,  the  oppressions  which  would  flow  from  it ; 
in  harrowing  up  the  soul  with  anticipated  horrors,  and  enlisting 
even  the  thunders  of  Heaven  in  his  cause .''     How  did  it  happen 

hat  the  feeble  and  effeminate  spirit  of  James  Madison,  instead  of 
flying  in  confusion  and  dismay,  before  this  awful  and  tremendous 
combination,  sat  serene  and  unmoved  upon  its  throne;  that  with  a 
penetration  so  vigorous  and  so  clear,  he  dissipated  these  phantoms 
of  fancy ;  rallied  back  the  courage  of  the  House  to  the  charge,  and, 
in  the  State  of  Virginia,  in  which  Patrick  Henry  was  almost 
adored  as  infallible,  succeeded  in  throwing  that  Henry  into  a 
minority?  Is  this  the  proof  of  his  want  of  energy?  Or  will  you 
find  it  in  the  manner  in  which  he  watched  the  first  movements  of 
the  Federal  Constitution  ;  in  the  boldness  with  which  he  resisted, 
even  in  a  Washington,  what  he  deemed  infractions  of  its  spirit ;  in 


CHAP.  XVI.]  MR.    MADISON.  243 

the  independence,  ability  and  vigor  with  which,  in  spite  of  declining 
health,  he  maintained  this  conflict  during  eight  years  ^  He  was  then 
in  a  minority.  Turn  to  the  debates  of  Congress  and  read  his  argu- 
ments :  You  will  see  how  the  business  of  a  virtuous  and  able  mi- 
nority is  conducted.  Do  you  discover  in  them  any  evidence  of  want 
of  energy  .?  Yes — if  energy  consist,  as  you  seem  to  think  it  does,  in 
saying  rude  things, — in  bravado  and  bluster, — in  pouring  a  muddy 
torrent  of  coarse  invective,  as  destitute  of  argument,  as  unwarranted 
by  provocation,  you  will  find  great  evidence  of  want  of  energy  in 
his  speeches.  But  if  true  energy  be  evinced,  as  we  think  it  is,  by 
the  calm  and  dignified,  yet  steady,  zealous  and  persevering  pursuit 
of  an  object,  his  whole  conduct  during  that  period  is  honorably 
marked  with  energy.  And  that  energy  rested  on  the  most  solid 
and  durable  basis — conscious  rectitude;  supported  by  the  most  pro- 
found and  extensive  information,  by  an  habitual  power  of  investi- 
gation which  unravelled  with  intuitive  certainty,  the  most  intricate 
subjects,  and  an  eloquence,  chaste,  luminous  and  cogent,  which 
won  respect,  while  it  forced  conviction.  We  have  compared 
some  of  your  highest  and  most  vaunted  displays,  with  the  speeches 
of  Mr.  Madison,  during  his  services  in  Congress.  What  a  con- 
trast !  It  is  the  noisy  and  short-lived  babbling  of  a  brook  after  a 
rain,  compared  with  the  majestic  course  of  the  Potomac.  Yet, 
you  have  the  vanity  and  hardihood  to  ask  for  the  proof  of  his 
talents !  You,  who  have  as  yet  shown  no  talents  that  can  be  of 
service  to  your  country :  no  talents  beyond  those  of  the  merciless 
Indian,  who  dexterously  strikes  a  tomahawk  into  the  defenceless 
heart !  But  what  an  idea  is  yours  of  energy  .''  You  feel  a  con- 
stitutional irritability — you  indulge  it,  and  you  call  that  indul- 
gence energy.  Sudden  fits  of  spleen — transient  starts  of  pas- 
sion— wild  paroxysms  of  fury,  the  more  slow  and  secret  work- 
ings of  envy  and  resentment — cruel  taunts  and  sarcasms — the 
dreams  of  disordered  fancy — the  crude  abortions  of  short-sighted 
theory — the  delirium  and  ravings  of  a  hectic  fever — this  is  your 
notion  of  energy !  Heaven  preserve  our  country  from  such  en- 
ergy as  this!  If  this  be  the  kind  of  energy  which  you  deny  to 
Mr.  Madison,  the  people  of  this  country  will  concur  in  your 
denial.  But  if  you  deny  him  that  salutary  energy  which  quali- 
fies him  to  pursue  his  country's  happiness  and  to  defend  her 
rights,  we  follow  up  the  course  of  his  public  life  and  demand  the 


244  ONE    OF    THE    PEOPLE.  [1808. 

proof  of  your  charge :  for  we  beg  you  not  to  think  so  highly  of 
yourselves,  nor  so  meanly  of  us,  as  to  suppose  that  your  general 
assertion  will  pass  with  us  for  proofs :  we  have  not  yet  seen  the 
evidence  of  candor  and  virtue  which  entitles  you  to  this  high 
ground.  To  your  proofs  then,  and  to  the  retrospect  of  his  life. 
Do  you  remember  that  dark  and  disastrous  period,  during  the 
administration  of  General  Washington,  when  the  Biitish  marine 
was  taking  some  of  those  stately  strides,  which  threatened  to  crush 
our  infant  commerce  in  the  bud  .''  Do  you  remember  the  resolutions 
brought  forward  by  Mr.  Madison  at  that  period,  to  restrict  the 
British  commerce  itself,  and  avenge  the  wrongs  done  to  his  coun- 
try .?  Do  you  remember  those  celebrated  resolutions,  and  the  rap- 
tures of  applause  with  which  they  were  received  by  the  people 
for  their  well-timed  and  well-directed  energy?  It  may  be  con- 
venient to  you  not  to  remember  these  things.  But  do  not  believe 
that  ice  shall  forget  them ;  nor  that  we  shall  fail  to  compare  the 
spirited  and  highly  applauded  policy  which  he  recommended,  then, 
with  the  policy  which  our  present  wise  and  virtuous  republican 
minority,  are  recommending  toward  the  same  nation  now,  on  ac- 
count of  the  same  kind  of  aggressions.         *         *         *         * 

"  Again,  was  Mr.  Madison's  want  of  energy  shewn  in  the  year 
1799.''  In  that  year,  '  the  political  hemisphere' was  so  far  from 
having  '  brightened  a  little,'  that  its  darkness  had  thickened  till  it 
could  be  felt.  The  Alien  and  Sedition  laws  waved  their  baleful 
sceptres  over  the  continent,  and  the  bosoms  of  patriots  were  every 
where  filled  with  consternation,  and,  almost  with  despair.  It  was 
believed  that  public  liberty  had  no  hope,  no  refuge  but  in  the  State 
governments.  It  had  been  announced  from  the  presidental  chair, 
that  there  was  a  party  in  Virginia  which  was  to  be  '  ground  into 
dust  and  ashes,'  The  resolutions  of  Colonel  Taylor  in  1798, 
treated  with  neglect  or  contempt  by  the  other  great  States,  had 
proved  that  the  Legislature  of  Virginia  was  the  last  stand  of  our 
political  freedom  and  happiness : — and  to  crown  the  climax  of 
danger  and  disconsolation,  the  distinguished  Patrick  Henry  came 
again  from  retirement,  with  the  view,  as  it  was  understood,  to 
assault  and  dislodge  them  from  this  their  last  station.  Such  was 
the  inauspicious,  the  all-important,  the  decisive  crisis,  when  James 
Madison,  with  a  frame  still  languishing  under  sickness,  but  with  a 
spirit  firm,  erect  and  intrepid,  came  forth  in  the  cause  of  liberty 


CHAP.  XVI.]  MR.    MADISON.  245 

and  his  country.  Who  can  forget  that  moment.^  Who  can  forget 
how  the  little  band  of  Virginian  patriots  crowded  around  this  re- 
publican champion  to  catch  the  accents  of  a  voice  rendered  feeble 
by  disease .''  Even  yet  we  have  this  virtuous  and  fraternal  group 
before  us.  Who  can  forget  how  the  night  of  despair  first  began 
to  give  way ; — how  hope,  at  first,  faintly  dawned  upon  each  cheek, 
as  uncertain  of  the  issue ;  until  under  the  inspiring  strains  of  his 
voice,  she  assumed  a  deep  and  determined  glow  and  sparkled  with 
exultation  in  every  eye."*  Who  can  forget  the  resplendent  triumph 
of  truth  and  reason  exhibited  in  his  report  .-•  Who  that  loves  his 
country  can  cease  to  love  the  man,  whose  genius  and  firmness 
gained  that  triumph .''  Not  the  American  people,  be  assured,  gen- 
tlemen. Yet  we  find  that  one  of  you,  under  the  signature  of  Falk- 
land, in  a  late  Enquirer,  can  recall  that  epoch  with  far  diflferent 
emotions ;  can  gratify  his  spleen  by  fancying  what  would  have 
been  tlie  result  of  a  rencontre  between  Mr.  Henry  and  Mr.  Madi- 
son, if  it  had  not  been  prevented  by  the  death  of  the  former; — how 
the  genius  of  Madison  would  have  sunk  and  tied  before  the  impet- 
uous and  overwhelming  eloquence  of  Mr.  Henry.  The  writer 
obviously  derives  a  species  of  malignant  pleasure  from  brooding 
over  this  imaginary  triumph,  although  if  gained,  it  would  have  been 
at  the  expense  of  his  country.  This  is  his  virtue  :  this,  too,  is  his 
candor!  Had  he  forgotten  the  convention  of  Virginia,  where 
Henry,  in  all  his  glory,  was  foiled  by  the  transcendant  powers  of 
James  Madison .-'  Or  did  he  think  the  defence  of  the  Alien  and 
Sedition  laws  a  better  cause,  than  the  contending  for  previous 
amendments  to  the  Constitution,''  Wretched,  most  wretched  is 
the  fate  of  that  writer  or  that  man  who  deserts  the  plain  highway 
of  conscience  and  of  candor,  for  the  dark  and  crooked  mazes  of 
intrigue  and  cunning — of  trick  and  misrepresentation:  he  may,  as 
the  wise  son  of  Sirach  has  said,  ^  work  his  way  for  a  time,  like  a 
mole  under  ground,  but  by-and-bye,  he  blunders  into  light  and 
stands  exposed  with  all  his  dirt  upon  his  head.' 

****** 
"  Mr.  Madison,  it  seems,  left  his  post  in  Congress,  in  the  moment 
of  danger,  and  took  refuge  in  retirement.  This  is  just  as  candid 
as  the  rest  of  your  reproaches.  The  case  was  this,  Mr,  Madi- 
son had  devoted  two-and-twenty  years  of  the  prime  and  flower  of 
his  life  to  the  service  of  his  country  :  he  had  not  spent  those  years 

VOL.    1—21* 


246  ONE    OF    THE    PEOPLE.  [ISOS. 

in  saying  '  yea  and  nay,'  nor,  what  is  worse,  in  venting  barbarous 
sarcasms,  in  writing  protests  disgraceful  to  his  virtue  and  under- 
standing, and  in  playing  the  part  of  Thersites  in  the  camp  of 
Agamemnon  !  No ;  those  years  had  been  spent  in  beneficial 
services,  in  the  discharge  of  the  most  arduous  duties,  in  the  most 
intense  and  unrelaxing  exertion  of  his  pre-eminent  faculties  in  the 
cause  of  liberty  and  republican  government.  In  the  mean  time, 
his  private  affairs  had  been  neglected  —  his  constitution  had 
received  a  serious  shock — his  health  was  in  a  visible  and  alarm- 
ing decline.  In  these  circumstances,  at  the  close  of  General 
Washington's  administration,  he  sought  an  interval  to  put  his 
estate  in  order,  to  recruit  his  health,  if  that  were  possible,  or,  if 
otherwise,  to  provide  for  the  awful  change  which  he  had  too 
much  reason  to  apprehend.  It  was  in  1797  and  '98  that  he  was 
thus  engaged.  But  we  have  seen,  that  in  1799,  when  the  dangers 
of  his  country  had  increased  almost  to  desperation,  although  his 
health  was  so  far  from  being  confirmed  that  it  had  become  worse, 
he  again  made  his  appearance  on  the  political  theatre,  with  the 
same  signal  gallantry,  which  had  ever  distinguished  him.  He  has 
been  in  public  life  ever  since.  And  those  two  years  of  repose  and 
of  private  duty,  so  reasonable,  so  necessary  to  him,  are  what  you 
would  have  us  to  consider  as  a  cowardly  flight  from  danger  !  We 
are  not  barbarians.  You  defeat  your  own  purpose,  gentlemen  ; 
you  wish  to  destroy  Mr.  Madison ;  but  you  force  us  to  recall  his 
services  and  to  reflect  how  immaculate  must  be  that  life,  against 
which  malice  ilsclf  can  bring  no  better  charges. 

******* 
"  But  let  us  see  how  well  this  quadrates  with  your  next  charge. 
This  is,  that  Mr.  Madison,  in  conjunction  with  Mr.  Jay  and  Mr. 
Hamilton,  wrote  the  work  called  The  Federalist,  in  which  the 
most  objectionable  doctrines  of  the  latter  are  maintained.  Now 
the  objection  to  the  doctrines  of  the  latter  gentlemen  was,  that 
they  were  too  energetic.  In  one  breath,  then,  Mr.  Madison  wants 
energy — in  the  next  he  has  too  much  of  it. — This  is  the  unity  and 
consistency  of  truth, — But,  why,  again,  are  you  so  vague  and  so 
general  in  this  charge  about  the  Federalist.'* — Our  jurists  tell  us 
*■  dolus  latet  in  generalibiis ' — deception  lurks  in  general  expres- 
sions ;  and  the  truth  of  the  maxim  was  never  more  strikingly 
exemplified  than  in  your  treatment  of  Mr.  Madison.     You  mount 


CHAP.  XVI. 1  MR.    MADISON.  247 

some  eminence,  and  with  a  trumpet  to  your  mouth,  you  hawl  out, 
'  Yazoo,'  '  want  of  energy,'  '  the  Federalist — Jay  and  Hamilton.' 
It  does  not  suit  you  to  de.scend  to  particuhirs,  because  you  know 
that  the  charges  require  but  to  be  seriously  examined,  and  they 
are  at  once  falsified  and  exposed.  You  know  the  odium  attached 
to  the  words  which  you  utter,  and  regarding  your  countrymen  as 
a  pack  from  the  kennel,  you  seem  to  think  that  you  have  nothing 
to  do,  but  to  point  out  the  game  and  set  us  on.  But  we  are  not 
quite  such  beasts  as  you  are  pleased,  most  rcspedfulhj  to  consider 
us.  Instead  of  being  ready  to  worry  a  patriot  whose  virtues 
offend  you,  we  will  protect  and  cherish  him  against  your  injustice 
and  most  undeserving  persecution.  The  Federalist .''  We  know 
that  it  is  a  defence  of  the  Constitution  which  we  are  all  sworn  to 
support :  and  where  is  the  crime  of  Mr.  Madison's  having  par- 
ticipated in  that  defence  ?  Is  it  criminal  in  Mr.  Madison  to  have 
defended  the  Constitution  by  written  argument,  and  yet  not 
criminal  in  you  and  in  us  to  have  sworn  to  support  it }  This  is 
another  evolution  of  the  strength  and  clearness  of  your  discern- 
ment !  Since  you  will  not  descend  to  particularize  the  passages 
in  the  Federalist  which  Mr.  Madison  wrote  and  which  give  you 
offence,  permit  us  to  extract  one  which  is  calculated  to  give  you 
consolation  in  the  prospect  before  you,  since  it  promises  the  continu- 
ance of  your  honorable  existence  as  a  body : — '  Liberty  is  to 
faction,  what  air  is  to  fire  ;  an  aliment,  without  which  it  instantly 
expires.  But  it  could  not  be  a  less  folly  to  abolish  liberty,  which 
is  essential  to  political  life,  because  it  nourishes  faction,  than  it 
would  be  to  wish  the  annihilation  of  air  which  is  essential  to 
animal  life,  because  it  imparts  to  fire  its  destructive  agency.' 
This  is  a  general  answer  to  a  general  charge.  When  you  give 
that  charge  a  definite  form,  it  shall  receive  a  definite  answer." 

The  letters  conclude  with  a  retaliatory  assault  upon  the  pro- 
testors : 

"  There  is  obviously  an  effort  to  keep  back  a  part  of  your 
wishes.  Speak  out,  gentlemen  ;  after  the  lengths  which  you  have 
gone,  it  is  the  height  of  folly  to  be  squeamish.  Or,  if  you  will  not 
speak  out,  we  will  do  it  for  you.  This  is  your  wish.  You  wish 
some  man  to  be  appointed  the  next  President,  who,  you  believe, 
looks  upon  the  present  administration  with  the  same  hostility 
which  you  do ;  in   other  words,    you   are   displeased   with   the 


248  ONE   OF   THE   PEOPLE.  [ISOS, 

character  of  the  present  administration,  and  you  wish  a  different 
character  to  be  introduced.  This  is  the  whole  of  the  secret  with 
which  you  have  been  laboring  and  floundering  throughout  this 
most  unfortunate,  sel-murdering  Protest.  But  you  perceive  that 
the  people  of  the  United  States  are  of  a  different  opinion.  They 
approve  the  character  of  the  present  administration  ;  they  wish 
that  character  continued  ;  they  know  that  it  will  be  continued  by 
the  election  of  Mr.  Madison.  These  are  truths  which  stare  you 
in  the  face,  and  fill  you  with  the  pangs  and  agonies  of  despair. 
The  prospect  of  being  again  in  a  little  and  wretched  minority 
during  the  next  administration,  is  more  than  your  proud  and 
lofty  spirits  can  support. — Learn  then  to  avoid  it.  Learn  to 
have  no  interests  but  those  of  the  people.  Forget  the  wicked 
dreams  of  ambition,  which  have  disturbed  vour  brains.  Return 
to  virtue  and  to  the  people ;  and  the  people  will  forgive  you." 

These  letters  attracted  a  great  deal  of  observation.  Replies 
were  published,  and  a  war  of  considerable  virulence  was  waged 
between  the  author  and  his  opponents.  Some  references  to  this 
will  be  seen  in  his  correspondence  of  this  year. 

We  are  struck  in  the  perusal  of  these  papers  of  "  One  of  the 
People,"  with  the  acrimony  of  the  discussion.  They  shew  us 
that  the  political  asperities  of  our  own  day  are  inherited  from 
another  generation,  and  belong,  we  may  infer,  to  the  nature  of  our 
government,  and  in  some  degree,  perhaps,  to  the  character  of  our 
race.  Few  men  were  more  tolerant  of  opinion  than  Wirt,  ievf 
less  likely  to  be  excited  by  political  stimulants  into  the  exhibition 
of  acerbity  of  temper : — but  we  may  remark  also  that  no  man 
was  ever  more  prompt  or  zealous  to  defend  a  friend  from  the  as- 
saults of  an  enemy  than  he.  In  the  performance  of  this  office  for 
Mr.  Madison,  he  may  have  indulged  a  sharper  tone  of  rebuke  and 
a  larger  license  of  invective  than  his  own  judgment,  in  a  moment 
of  more  repose,  might  approve.  His  letters  to  his  friends,  contem- 
porary with  these  political  effusions,  seem  to  imply  this.  The 
authors  of  the  Protest  w^ere  gentlemen  of  high  standing  in  the 
country,  many  of  them  distinguished,  then  and  afterwards,  for 
their  devotion  to  the  public  welfare  and  effective  usefulness  in  the 
national  councils ;  and,  in  after  life,  personally  esteemed  by  Mr. 
Wirt,  as  friends  worthy  of  all  regard.  They  had,  however,  com- 
menced the  war,  and  could  hardly  expect  less  quarter  than  they 


CHAP.  XVI.]  ELECTED    TO    THE    LEGISLATURE.  249 

received  in  ihe  conflict, — though,  we  may  suppose,  little  ex- 
pecting- to  encounter  the  champion  which  Richmond  supplied  in 
"One  of  tlie  People." 

Whilst  these  letters  were  in  progress  of  publication,  Wirt  found 
himself  most  unexpectedly,  and  without  any  agency  on  his  own 
part,  proposed  to  the  city  of  Richmond  as  a  candidate  to  represent 
that  constituency  in  the  House  of  Delegates.  His  Oj)ponent  was 
Colonel  Carrington,  one  of  the  most  worthy  and  influential  gen- 
tlemen in  that  community.     Quite  as  unexpectedly  he  was  elected. 

Writing  to  Mrs.  Wirt  from  Williamsburg,  on  the  11th  of  April, 
180S,  some  days  before  the  election  in  Richmond  was  to  be  held, 
he  says — 

"  There  is  an  election  here  to-day,  which  reminds  me  of  that 
in  Richmond.  The  total  indifference  with  which  I  contemplate 
the  Richmond  election,  convinces  me  that  political  ambition  is  not 
one  of  my  sins.  In  many  points  of  view  it  would  be  permanently 
and  infinitely  to  my  advantage  to  be  left  out.  I  beg  you,  there- 
fore, not  to  heave  one  sigh  at  Col.  C's  election,  nor  think  that 
your  husband  is  the  less  respected  by  the  wise  and  the  good, 
because  he  is  not  preferred  by  the  freeholders  of  Richmond  to 
Colonel  C.  It  is  no  disparagement  to  any  young  man  that  a  patriot 
so  old,  so  long  tried,  so  virtuous  and  so  worthy  in  every  point  of 
view  as  Col.  C.  is  preferred  to  him.  I  regret  extremely  that,  by 
being  unintentionally  and  unexpectedly  drawn  into  collision  with 
him,  I  have  been  made  to  have  the  appearance  of  implying  a 
doubt  of  his  fitness,  or  of  entertaining  a  vain  opinion  of  my  own; 
both  which  opinions  I  most  sincerely  disclaim.  But  you  know 
how  I  was  brought  into  this  scrape,  which,  I  promise  you,  is  the 
last  one  of  the  kind." 

The  history  of  political  contest  in  the  United  States  does  not 
often  present  specimens  of  reserve  and  modest  personal  estimate 
resembling  this.  We  record  such  manifestations  of  opinion  as  is 
here  implied,  both  in  regard  to  what  is  due  to  the  public  service, 
and  to  the  humility  of  self-judgment,  with  a  peculiar  pleasure,  for 
the  instruction  of  the  present  generation,  when  almost  every  man 
seems  to  believe  himself  gifted  with  all  the  attributes  of  wisdom, 
talents  and  learning  necessary  to  the  discharge  of  any  public 
function  whatever.  At  this  day,  when  the  most  profound  pro- 
blems of  political  economy  and  jurisprudence,  and  all  the  mysle- 


250  LETTER    TO    MR.    MONROE.  [180S. 

ries  of  wise  legislation,  and  all  the  science  necessary  for  skilful 
diplomacy,  are  supposed  "  to  come  by  nature,"  or  to  derive  their 
highest  finish  and  perfection  from  the  severe  discipline  of  the 
stump,  and  to  find  in  every  forum  erected  at  a  country  cross  road 
or  porch  of  a  village  tavern,  an  academy  competent  to  furnish  full 
blown  and  accomplished  statesmen,  it  may  be  well  to  recur  to  the 
example  of  that  earlier  epoch  of  our  republic,  when  a  man  so 
gifted  as  William  Wirt,  so  laboriously  trained  and  so  successfully 
tried,  could  speak  in  such  terms  of  distrust  as  to  his  fitness  for  a 
seat  in  a  State  Legislature.  Forty  years  ago,  evidently,  the  men 
of  America  were  not  so  confident  as  they  have  grown  of  late. 
The  march  of  intellect,  which  we  now  call  "  Progress,"  has  done 
wonders  in  the  supply  of  the  finished  material  of  statesmanship. 

In  the  presidential  contest  of  this  year,  the  opposition  to  Mr. 
Madison,  had,  in  part,  looked  to  Mr.  Monroe  as  a  point  of  concen- 
tration. He  was  named  as  the  competitor  of  the  caucus  candidate, 
and  a  strong  effort  was  made  to  give  him  the  support  of  the  re- 
publican party.  Mr.  Wirt,  as  we  have  seen,  enjoyed  the  friend- 
ship of  Mr.  Monroe,  equally  with  that  of  Mr.  Madison.  Indeed 
the  personal  relation  which  he  held  to  Mr.  Monroe  was  even 
more  intimate  and  confidential  than  that  which  he  held  to  his  com- 
petitor. This  circumstance  led  to  the  choice  of  Wirt  as  one  of 
a  committee  in  Richmond  to  promote  the  success  of  Mr.  Monroe's 
election.  When  this  choice  was  communicated  to  him,  he  declined 
the  appointment,  and  took  occasion  to  explain  to  Mr.  Monroe  the 
grounds  upon  which  he  did  so — his  preference,  at  that  juncture, 
for  Mr.  Madison.  The  following  letter  has  reference  to  this  mat- 
ter, and  presents,  in  an  advantageous  light,  the  delicacy  and  frank- 
ness of  the  writer.  It  is  proper  to  remark,  that  this  letter  was 
written  before  the  occasion  had  arisen  for  the  essays  signed  "One 
of  the  People." 

TO    JAMES    MONROE. 

Richmond,  February  8,  1808. 
Dear  Sir  : 

On  going  into  court  to-day,  I  found  business  enough  cut  out  for 
me  to  keep  me  closely  engaged  both  to-night  and  to-morrow  fore- 
noon.    So  that  it  will  not  be  until  to-morrow  evening  that  I  shall 


CHAP.  XVI.]  LETTER    TO    MR.    MONROE.  251 

have  it  in  my  power  to  see  you  on  the  subject  to  vvliich  you  re- 
ferred this  morning. 

Feeling  for  you  the  same  sincere  and  cordial  friendship  that  I 
have  ever  done,  since  I  had  first  the  pleasure  of  knowing  you,  and 
conscious  that  1  was  now  as  worthy  of  your  confidence  as  I  have 
ever  been,  it  did  not  occur  to  me  this  morning  to  state  to  you  a  cir- 
cumstance which,  perhaps,  may  make  it  less  agreeable  to  you  to 
communicate  with  me  on  the  proposed  subject,  and  which  may 
diminish  the  weight  of  any  friendly  opinion  which  I  may  give  on  it. 
On  recalling  our  short  interview  of  this  morning,  I  think  that  can- 
dor and  honor  require  me  to  mention  this  circumstance.  It  is  this. 
I  was  called  on  to  act  as  one  of  the  standing  committee  to  promote 
your  electoral  ticket.  I  declined  it;  stating  that  although  per- 
sonally more  warmly  attached  to  you  than  to  Mr.  Madison — for  I 
knew  you  much  better — and  although  I  thought  it  would  make 
very  little  difference  to  the  happiness  of  the  people  of  the  United 
States  which  of  you  was  President,  yet,  for  political  considera- 
tions, I  preferred  Mr.  Madison.  I  went  further, — for  it  was  a 
mutual  friend  of  ours  who  spoke  to  me, — I  added  that  I  much 
feared  if  your  friends  persisted  in  running  you,  after  the  sense  of 
the  State  and  of  the  United  States  should  be,  at  least,  strongly 
indicated,  if  not  demonstrated  by  the  votes  of  the  State  and  con- 
gressional Legislatures,  that  it  might  have  a  permanently  ill  effect 
on  your  political  standing.  For,  although  I  myself,  and  the  friends 
here  who  are  in  the  habit  of  intercourse  with  you,  might  know 
the  truth,  yet  I  feared  there  was  danger  that  the  people  of  the 
United  States  might  be  led  to  incorporate  and  identify  you  with 
the  minority  in  Congress,  the  opponents  of  the  present  most  popular 
administration.  And,  if  they  should  take  such  an  opinion  in  their 
heads,  I  feared  that  you  were  gone  irretrievably.  Indeed,  my 
dear  sir,  so  strongly  have  I  felt  this  apprehension,  that  I  have 
been  several  times  on  the  point  of  going  and  expressing  it  to  you. 
Nor  has  any  thing  restrained  me  from  it  but  that,  having  expressed 
a  preference  for  Mr.  Madison,  I  thought  it  might  be  considered 
indelicate,  if  no  worse,  in  me  to  attempt  to  remove  the  competition. 

I  have  thought  it  proper  thus  to  disclose  to  you  what  has  been 
my  past  course  and  opinions  on  this  subject;  submitting  it  to  your 
own  feelings  entirely,  whether,  after  this,  you  would  choose  to 
communicate  with   me  as  you  intended.     If  this  be  still  your 


252  MR.    MONROE'S    REPLY.  [1808. 

pleasure,  I  shall  be  happy  to  wait  on  you,  and  I  shall  be  prepared 
to  give  you  as  sincere  and  friendly  an  opinion,  as  if  this  presidential 
competition  had  never  occurred,  for  I  am,  in  deed  and  in  truth, 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

Whilst  we  have  this  letter  before  us,  it  may  be  well  to  show 
with  what  impressions  Mr.  Monroe  received  this  friendly  explana- 
tion. This  we  are  enabled  to  do  from  a  letter  of  his  to  Mr.  Wirt, 
not  written  in  reply  to  this,  but  some  months  afterwards,  when  the 
presidential  contest  had  terminated  in  the  election  of  Mr.  Madi- 
son. The  communication  from  Wirt,  referred  to  in  this  letter,  I 
have  not  seen.  Doubtless  the  issue  of  the  late  contest  had  opened 
Mr.  Monroe's  mind  to  the  suspicion  that  his  friends  might  have 
misconstrued  his  motives  and  purposes,  in  submitting  his  name  to 
the  competition  in  which  it  was  used ;  and,  we  may  suppose  also, 
that  they  felt  all  the  difficulties  of  the  position  in  which  he  was 
placed :  that  Wirt  had  intimated  this  to  him,  in  the  letter  to 
which  this  is  a  reply.  This  letter  from  Mr.  Monroe  expresses, 
with  an  honorable  sensibility,  his  perception  of  this  embarrass- 
ment of  his  friends,  and  leaves  nothing  to  mar  the  esteem  and 
confidence  which  had  so  long  subsisted  between  himself  and  the 


'o 


individual  to  whom  it  is  addressed. 

Richmond,  December  20,  1808. 
Dear  Sir  : 

Your  letter  of  this  day  has  equally  surprised  and  hurt  me, 
by  intimating  a  suspicion  that  it  was  my  desire,  on  account  of  the 
late  presidential  contest,  to  separate  from  such  of  my  old  friends 
as  took  part  against  me.  I  really  thought  that  my  conduct  had,  in 
no  instance,  given  the  slightest  cause  for  such  a  suspicion.  Let 
me  ask,  has  it  done  so  in  regard  to  you  .'  Did  I  not  consult  you 
on  some  important  topics,  after  I  knew  that  you  were  not  in  my 
favor .''  And  have  I  ever  returned  to  town,  after  an  absence  from 
it,  without  calling  on  you .''  Have  you  ever  returned  those 
calls .'' 

These  circumstances  produced  no  effect  on  my  mind  of  aliena- 
tion, I  considered  the  existing  state  as  being  equally  painful  to 
them  and  me,  and  I  waited  for  its  transit  to  show  wliat  my  real 


CHAP.  XVI.]  LETTERS    TO    CARR.  253 

feeling  and  disposition  were  to  those  of  my  old  friends  alluded  to. 
You  will  be  sensible  that  while  that  contest  depended,  the  deli- 
cacy of  my  situation  imposed  on  me  the  necessity  of  much  retire- 
ment, and  that  by  observing  it,  I  respected  the  personal  honor  and 
independence  of  my  friends,  as  well  as  my  own. 

It  is  a  fact,  that  at  the  moment  I  received  your  letter,  I  was  en 
gaged  in  writing  notes  to  yourself  and  other  friends  to  dine  with 
me  on  Thursday.  This  will  show  that  I  shall  accept  your  invi- 
tation \vith  pleasure  for  that  day,  postponing  my  invitation  to  the 
next.  I  need  not  add  that  I  shall,  at  all  times,  be  happy  to  see 
and  confer  with  you  on  such  topics  as  you  desire. 
Being  very  sincerely, 

Your  friend, 

James  Monroe. 

We  recur  now  to  the  track  of  Mr.  Wirt's  correspondence, 
offering  a  few  letters  which  were  written  during  the  period  of  the 
political  excitements  I  have  described.  In  these  letters  will  be 
found  some  glimpses  of  personal  history  which  may  not  be  unac- 
ceptable to  the  reader. 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  May  11,  1S08. 

My  Dear  Friend: 

****** 

The  essays  signed  "  One  of  the  People"  were  written  by  me 
under  the  pressure  of  importunity  from  some  of  my  friends  here, 
at  a  period  when  I  could  ill  spare  the  time,  and  in  such  haste  that 
the  printer's  boy  was,  half  the  time  I  was  engaged  in  them,  pushing 
me  for  the  copy.  Under  such  circumstances  you  will  not  be  sur- 
prised that  the  composition  is  loose  and  coarse,  and  the  style,  in 
many  passages,  marked  with  a  heat  and  asperity  which  the  sub- 
ject did  not  require. 

I  wish  I  had  taken  more  time  about  them.     The  cause  was  a 

good  one,  and  the  protestors  might  have  been  castigated  with  a 

decorum  at  which  the  modest  cheek  of  Madison  would  have  felt 

no  blush.     But  it  is  too  late  to  repine ;  I  must  endeavor  to  profit 

VOL.  1—22 


254  LETTERS    TO    CARR.  [1808. 

by  experience,  and  to  keep  myself  more  cool  and  discreet  here- 
after. 

You  have  seen  the  reply  by  "  One  of  the  Protestors."     This  is 

.     His  style  is  certainly  not  that  of  a  gentleman,  and  my  first 

impulse  was  to  have  answered  him  cum  argumento  baculino;  but 
remembering  that  I  was  the  aggressor,  and  had,  perhaps,  treated 
the  gentleman  a  little  harshly,  my  next  impulse  was  to  suffer  the 
vapid  stuff  to  die  in  peace,  and  the  party  to  sink  down  without 
interruption,  into  that  nothingness  to  which  they  are  so  rapidly 
tending.  Some  of  my  friends  here  think  1  ought  to  reply.  Will 
not  this  be  giving  an  importance  to  those  publications  which  they 
do  not  deserve.''  Will  it  not  be  impoliticly  protracting  the  exis- 
tence of  the  minority .''  Will  they  not  perish  soon  enough  of  them- 
selves if  we  let  them  alone  ? 

When  I  said,  in  the  Enquirer,  that  I  should  be  glad  to  receive 
the  promised  respects  of  ''  One  of  the  Protestors,"  1  made  sure 
that  John  Randolph  was  coming  out.  I  would  have  engaged  with 
Achilles,  but  I  do  not  relish  a  combat  with  one  of  his  myrmidons. 
If  I  thought,  however,  that  the  people,  I  mean  the  judicious  part 
of  them,  expected  it  of  me,  I  u'ould  reply  to  him.  What  do  they 
say  with  you.-*  What  does  Peter  say  of  it.''  What  do  you  say.-' 
Let  me  have  your  answer  as  soon  as  possible,  since,  if  I  am  to 
reply,  it  ought  to  be  done  immediately. 

Let  me  be  remembered  to  all  our  friends. 

Heaven  bless  you, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  May  23,  1808. 
My  Dear  Chevalier: 

****** 

I  was  not  much  pleased  with  the  style  of"  One  of  the  People." 
1  am  sorry  for  having  written  it — not  for  anything  that  the  calf 's- 
head,  ^  One  of  the  Protestors,"  has  said,  but  because  I  do  not 
think  that  it  is  in  the  style  in  which  Mr.  Madison  should  be  de- 
fended, nor  in  which  any  man  should  write  who  aspires  at  main- 
taining in  society  a  pure  and  dignilicd  character.      The  protestors 


CHAP  XVI.]  LETTER    TO    EDWARDS.  255 

deserved  to  be  scorched  ;  but  I  think  it  miglit  liavc  been  done 
even  more  eflfectually,  and  certainly  more  to  the  lionor  both  of 
Mr.  Madison  and  the  writer,  by  a  chaste  and  polite  style.  But 
the  die  is  cast — and  the  question  is  how  to  carry  on  the  game. 

This  morning  has  brought  out  the  third  and  last  number  of 
"  One  of  the  Protestors."  A  more  infamous  piece  of  personal 
abuse,  of  the  very  lowest  order,  has  never  been  published.  All 
my  friends  here  concur  in  the  opinion  that  he  does  not  deserve  a 
reply.  I  shall,  perhaps,  give  him  a  short  one  ;  but  the  Court  of 
Appeals  and  Federal  Court  being  both  in  session,  and  there  being 
several  of  my  clients  in  town  pestering  me  with  the  examination 
of  Commissioner's  reports,  I  have  not  a  moment  to  give  to  the 
consideration  of  the  protestor. 

Meantime  you  would  be  pleased  to  see  with  what  composure 
and  peace  I  take  this  scurrility.  I  believe  that  it  can  do  me  no 
possible  injury.  If  I  thought  it  could,  I  would  certainly  resort  to 
the  stick.  But  while  my  life  is  constantly  belying  his  charges, 
they  will  not  be  relied  on.  The  reader  who  does  not  know  me 
wnll  inquire  into  tlieir  truth  of  those  who  do,  and  learning  that 
thev  are  false,  will  estimate  the  writer  as  he  deserves,  and  me  as 
I  deserve.  ^ 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

I  conclude  this  chapter  with  another  letter  to  Mr.  Edwards, 
filled  as  all  Wirt's  letters  to  this  worthy  gentleman  are,  witii  the 
affection  and  gratitude  of  a  son. 


TO    BENJAxMIN    EDWARDS. 

Richmond,  July  2,  1808. 
My  Dear  and  Ever  Honored  Friend  and  Father  : 

I  have  read,  half  a  dozen  times,  with  swimming  eyes,  your 
precious  letter  of  the  8th  of  April  last.  Our  courts  have  been 
sitting,  without  intermission,  ever  since  the  1st  of  February  till 
the  28th  of  last  month,  or  I  should  sooner  have  acknowledged 
your  goodness  in  writing  to  me  under  so  much  pain.  Your 
friendship  and  affection  for  me,  are  among  the  purest  and  sweetest 


255  LETTER   TO    EDWARDS.  [1S08. 

sources  of  happiness  that  I  have  upon  this  earth.  Judge,  then, 
with  what  feelings  I  hear  of  your  ill  health.  Yet  I  trust  that  the 
same  gracious  Providence,  "  who  makes  the  good  his  care,"  and 
who  raised  you  once  before  from  the  bed  of  torture,  will  spare 
you  still  to  your  family  and  friends.  I  have  been  afraid  that  you 
do  not  take  exercise  enough,  yet  Mr.  Street,  the  editor  of  "  The 
Western  World,"  handed  me,  the  day  before  yesterday,  a  letter 
from  my  brother  Ninian,  dated  April  11th,  three  days  after  yours, 
in  which  he  says  tliat  you  had  been,  lately,  at  his  house.  That,  I 
apprehend,  is  nearly  as  long  a  journey  as  would  bring  you  to  the 
mineral  waters  in  Virginia.  Would  not  this  excursion,  aided  by 
tlie  waters  and  the  animation  of  the  company,  promise  to  give  a 
tone  to  your  system,  and  remove  the  torpor  and  debility  of  which 
you  complain. 

I  wish  you  could  believe  it  prudent  and  advisable  for  you  to 
take  such  a  step,  because  I  should  then  have  it  in  my  power  to  see 
you  once  more.  I  would  certainly  meet  you  at  the  Springs,  and 
receive  your  blessing ;  and  my  wife  and  children,  from  the  senti- 
ments they  have  for  you,  would  accompany  me,  with  all  the  piety 
of  pilgrims.  My  imagination  has  dwelt  upon  this  meeting,  until  I 
begin  to  feel  a  strong  presentiment  that  it  will  certainly  take 
place.  My  brother  Ninian  and  his  family  would,  I  dare  say, 
attend  you.  What  a  happy  group  should  we  form !  How  would 
we  talk  over  the  days  that  are  past,  till  torpor  and  debility,  and 
sickness  and  sorrow  would  fly  and  leave  us  to  our  enjoyments. 
What  do  you  say  to  this  project .?  I  have  a  sanguine  hope  that 
you  will  find  it  as  judicious  in  reference  to  your  health,  as  I  am 
sure  it  would  be  exquisitely  grateful  to  your  feelings.  And  if 
we  meet  once,  and  your  health  should  become  settled  again, 
might  we  not  devise  a  scheme  of  meeting  at  the  same  place  every 
two  or  three  years }  By  these  means  our  children  would  become 
acquainted,  and  the  friendship  which  has  subsisted  between  us, 
would  be  continued  in  them. 

I  leave  it  to  your  heart  and  your  fancy  to  develope  this  idea, 
through  all  its  consequences.  To  me,  the  anticipation,  merely, 
is  delightful ;  and,  in  spite  of  Mr.  Harvie's  doctrine  to  the  con- 
trary, I  believe,  the  reality  would  be  still  more  so.  Will  you  not 
think  of  this .''  Take  medical  counsel  upon  it,  and  let  me  know 
the  result  ? 


CEIAP.  XVt.]  LETTER    TO    EDWARDS.  257 

Yes  ! — there  is  nothing  more  true  than  what  you  say.    "  When 
we  must  die,  there  is  nothing  Wke  a  well-grounded  hope  of  future 
happiness,  except  a  perfect  faith,  which  removes  all  doubt."     I 
thank  God  that  I  have  lived  long  enough,  and  seen  sorrow  enough, 
to  be  convinced  that  religion  is  the  proper  element  of  the  soul, 
where  alone  it  is  at  home  and  at  rest.     That  to  any  other  state,  it 
is  an  alien,  vagrant,  restless,  perturbed  and  miserable, — dazzled  for 
an  iiour  by  a  dream  of  temporal  glory,  but  awaking  to  disappoint- 
ment and  permanent  anguish.     It  is  the  bed  of  deatii  wliich  chases 
away  all  these  illusive  vapors  of  the  brain  which  have  cheated 
us  through  life,  and  which  shews  us  to  ourselves,  naked  as  we  are. 
Then,  if  not  sooner,  every  man  finds  the  truth  of  your  sentiment,  the 
importance  of  a  well-grounded  Ciiristlan  hope  of  future  happiness. 
We  need  not,  indeed,  so  awful  a  monitor  as  a  death-bed,  to  con- 
vince us  of  the  instability  of  earthly  hopes  of  any   kind.     We 
have  but  lo  look  upon  nations  abroad,  and  men  at  liome,  to  see 
that  evervthing  under  the  sun  is  uncertain  and  fluctuating ;  that 
prosperity  is  a  cheat,  and  virtue  often  but  a  name.     Look  upon 
the  map  of  Europe.     See  what  it  was  fifty  or  sixty  years  ago — 
what  it  has  since  been,  and  what  it  is  likely  to  become.     For- 
merly partitioned  into  separate,  independent  and  energetic  monar- 
chies, with  vigorous  chiefs  at  their    head,  maintaining  with    in- 
finite policy,  the  balance  of   power  among  them,  and  believing 
lliat    balance   eternal :    France,    in   l^e    agonies    of  the    birth  of 
liberty,  her  campus  martins  resounding  with  fetes^  in  celebration 
of  that  event:  the  contagion  spreading  into  other  nations:  mon- 
archs   trembling  for  their  crowns,  and  combining  to  resist  the 
diffusion  of  the   example:  the  champions  of  liberty,  and  Bona- 
parte among  the  rest,  victorious  every  w^here,  and  every  where 
carrying  with  them  the  wishes   and  prayers  of  America.     Yet 
now  see,  all  at  once,  the  revolution  gone,  like  a  flash  of  lightning; 
France  suddenly  buried  beneath  the  darkness  of  despotism,  and 
the  voracious  tyrant  swallowing  up  kingdom  after  kingdom.     The 
combining  monarchs  thought  that  they  were  in  danger  of  nothing 
but  the  propagation  of  the  doctrines  of  liberty  ;  but  ruin  has  come 
upon  them  from  another  quarter.     The  doctrines  cf  liberty  are  at 
an  end,  and  so   are   the  monarchies  of  Europe — all  fused  and 
melted  down  into  one  great  and  consolidated  despotism.     IIow 
often  have  I  drunk  that  Caesar's  health,  with  a  kind  of  religious 
VOL.   1—22* 


258  LETTER   TO    EDWARDS.  [ISOS . 

devotion  !  How  did  all  America  stand  on  tiptoe,  during  his  bril- 
liant campaigns  in  Italy  at  the  head  of  the  army  of  the  republic  ! 
With  what  rapture  did  we  follow  his  career;  and  how  did  our 
bosoms  bound  at  the  prospect  of  an  emancipated  world  !  Yet 
see  in  what  it  has  all  ended !  The  total  extinction  of  European 
liberty,  and  the  too  probable  prospect  of  an  enslaved  world. 
Alas !  what  are  human  calculations  of  happiness ;  and  who  can 
ever  more  rely  upon  them  ! 

If  we  look  to  the  state  of  things  in  our  own  country,  still 
we  shall  be  forced  to  cry,  "  all  is  vanity  and  vexation  of  spirit." 
Look  at  the  public  prints  with  which  our  country  is  deluged, 
and  see  the  merciless  massacre  of  public  and  private  character, 
of  social  and  domestic  peace  and  happiness.  Look  at  the  de- 
bates in  Congress.  Where  is  the  coolness,  the  decorum,  the  cor- 
dial comparison  of  ideas  for  the  public  good,  which  you  would 
look  for  in  an  assembly  of  patriots  and  freemen,  such  as  was  seen 
in  the  old  Congress  of  1776  }  Nothing  of  it  is  now  to  be  seen. 
All  is  rancor,  abuse,  hostility  and  hatred,  confusion  and  ruin. 
******* 

According  to  my  present  impressions  of  happiness,  I  would  not 
exchange  the  good  opinion  of  one  virtuous  and  judicious  man,  for 
the  acclamation  of  the  millions  that  inhabit  our  country  ;  not  that 
these  would  not  be  grateful, — but  as  for  taking  them  as  a  basis  of 
happiness,  I  would  as  soon  tj^ink  of  building  a  house  on  the  bil- 
lows of  the  sea. 

****** 

Yours  most  sincerely, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CHAPTER    XVII. 


1809. 


HIS    SERVICE    IN    THE    LEGISLATURE PREFERENCE     FOR    PRIVATE    LIFE 

LETTERS  TO  EDWARDS LITERARY   DREAMS.— ACRIMONY  OF  PARTY  POLI- 
TICS— EDUCATION MISGIVINGS  IN  REGARD  TO  THE  GOVERNMENT. 

Wirt's  service  in  the  Legislature  of  Virginia,  during  the  ses- 
sion of  the  winter  of  1808-9,  was  the  beginning  and  end  of  his 
connection  with  public  life  through  the  medium  of  popular  elec- 
tion. This  assumption  of  the  character  of  a  representative,  may 
be  regarded  rather  as  an  accident  in  his  career  than  the  result  of 
any  meditated  plan.  He  seems  to  have  been  impressed  with  the 
conviction  that  popular  favor  was  too  frail  a  statf  for  a  wise  man 
to  lean  upon  for  support,  however  useful  it  might  sometimes  be  to 
enable  him  to  walk  more  rapidly  upon  his  journey,  or  leap  over 
an  occasional  impediment  in  his  path.  Confiding  in  his  ability  to 
move  onward  without  this  help,  he  preferred  the  success  which 
was  to  be  won  by  his  own  labors  in  a  private  sphere,  to  the  re- 
nown wdiich  he  might  reasonably  have  expected  from  the  exhibi- 
tion of  his  talents  upon  the  stage  of  public  business.  We  may  not 
impute  this  determination  to  a  want  of  civic  virtue.  We  have 
seen  that  no  man  in  the  community  of  which  he  was  a  member 
was  more  prompt  than  he  to  make  a  personal  sacrifice  to  public 
duty  when  it  seemed  to  be  required ;  nor  was  there  any  who  felt 
a  more  lively  concern  in  the  progress  of  public  events.  We  have 
the  proof  of  this  in  the  readiness  with  which  he  volunteered  his 
services  in  expectation  of  the  war,  and  in  the  zeal  with  which  he 
participated  in  the  great  question  of  the  presidential  election.  We 
may  infer  from  these  incidents,  that  he  would  not  have  refused  a 
summons  to  the  duties  of  public  station,  if  he  had  believed  that  his 
personal  submission  to  such  a  call  were  enjoined  upon  him  by  any 
clear  exigency  which  could  not  have  been  met  by  other  citizens 
as  well  adapted  to  the  service  and  more  anxious  to  undertake  it. 
His  modest  estimate  of  himself,  so  apparent  in  his  letters,  sug- 


260  SERVICE   IN    THE   LEGISLATURE.  [1809. 

gested  to  him,  doubtless,  that  no  such  exigency  could  exist,  and 
thus  justified  him  in  the  resolution  he  had  adopted.     The  theory 
of  our  government  clearly  implies  a  duty  on  the  part  of  every 
citizen,  to  render  such  service  to  the  state  as  may  be  necessary 
to  the  conduct  of  its  affairs,  and  which  it  may  be  in  his  power  to 
contribute.     Where  the  people  make  this  demand  upon  any  one 
citizen,  his  refusal  to  comply  with  it  can  only  be  justified  by  the 
fact  that  others  as  capable  may  be  found,  or  that  his  compliance 
may  expose  him  to  the  sacrifice  of  important  personal  interests, 
such  as  the  community  have  no  right  to  ask  of  a  citizen  except  in 
some  great  public  emergency.     It  does  not  often  happen  that  an 
occasion  arises  to  test  the  strength  of  this  obligation,  and,  there- 
fore, it  is  but  little  familiarized  to  the  reflections  of  the  people, — 
although  we  are  not  without  notable  and  illustrious  examples  in 
our  history,  of  the  grave  submission  of  the  wisest  and  most  en- 
lightened patriots  to  its  dictation. 

During  the  brief  term  of  Wirt's  service   in  the  Legislature, 
we  have  to  note  his  participation  in  a  proceeding  there  which 
attracted  much  public  attention  in  the  State,  from  its  connection 
with  an  exciting  topic  of  national  concern.      The  interesting  pos- 
ture of  our  affairs,  in  relation  to  the   principal    belligerents  of 
Europe,  had  fallen  under  the  notice  of  the  Legislature  in  some 
resolutions  upon  the  subject,  which  were  referred  to  a  special 
committee,  of  which  the  delegate  from  Richmond  was  one.     A 
report  upon  the  resolutions  was  drawn  up  by  him.     This  report 
presented  a  review  of  the  French  decrees  against  American  com- 
merce, and  of  the  British  orders  in  Council,  in  both  of  which  the 
country  had  found  so  much  to  vex  and   exasperate  the  national 
pride.     The  theme  was  treated  with  the  spirit  characteristic  of 
the  time,  and  furnished  occasion  for  the  expression  of  strong  and 
indignant  language,  pointed  and  polished  with  all  the  skill  which 
the  author  was  able  to  employ.     In  his  review  of  the  subject,  the 
course  of  Mr.  Jefferson's  administration  was  brought  into  notice,  and 
was  vindicated  with  the  zeal  of  an  advocate  impelled  not  more  by 
conscientious  approval  of  the  wisdom  of  its  policy,  than  by  Avarm 
personal  friendship  for  the  leader  by  whom  it  was  directed. 

With  this  brief  reference  to  the  short  political  episode  in  the 
career  of  the  subject  of  my  .memoir,  I  continue  his  letters. 


CHAP.  XVII.]  LETTER    TO    EDWARDS.  261 


TO   BENJAMIN    EDWARDS. 

Richmond,  February  26,  1809. 
Dear  Sir: 

#  #  #    .  *  #  # 

And  now  let  me  tell  you  how  grateful  I  feel  for  this,  "  the  long- 
est letter  that  you  have  written  since  the  commencement  of  your 
disease."  It  is  so  perfectly  in  the  style  of  your  conversation  that 
I  heard  the  sound  of  your  voice  in  every  line  and  saw  every  turn 
in  the  well  rememhered  expression  of  your  face,  *  #  » 
There  are  parts  of  your  letter  which  make  me  smile.  You  wish 
me  to  aspire  to  the  Presidency  of  the  United  States  : — this  is  so 
much  like  your  Mount  Pleasant  talk !  T/im,  it  was  extravagant 
enough,  although  at  that  time  I  was  but  sixteen  or  seventeen  years 
of  age  and  had  a  whole  life  before  me  to  work  wonders  in  ;  but 
now  you  seem  to  forget  that  I  am  in  my  six  and  thirtieth  year,  by 
which  time  the  color  of  a  man's  destiny  is  pretty  well  fixed,  and 
that  besides  being  so  old,  I  have  yet  a  fortune  to  make  for  my 
family  before  I  could  turn  my  thoughts  to  politics.  No,  no,  my  dear 
friend,  I  make  no  such  extravagant  calculations  of  future  great- 
ness. If  I  can  make  my  family  independent  and  leave  to  my  chil- 
dren the  inheritance  of  a  respectable  name,  my  expectations,  and, 
believe  me,  my  loishes,  Avill  be  fulfilled.  For  the  office  of  Secre- 
tary of  State,  under  Mr.  Madison,  I  am  just  about  as  fit  as  I  am  to 
be  the  Pope  of  Rome  : — nor  ought  I,  nor  would  I  accept  it,  in  my 
present  circumstances.  It  would  be  to  sacrifice  my  wife  and  chil- 
dren on  the  altar  of  political  ambition.  1  have  no  such  ambition, 
and  my  not  having  it,  is  one  among  a  thousand  proofs  that  I  am 
unfit  for  that  kind  of  life ;  for  nature,  I  believe,  never  yet  gave 
the  capacity  without  the  inclination.  I  am  writing  unaffectedly 
and  from  my  heart.  I  know  enough  of  tiie  world  to  know  tliat 
political  power  is  not  happiness,  and  that  my  happiness 
is  nowhere  but  in  private  life  and  in  the  bosom  of  my 
beloved  family.  I  think  I  may  be  able  to  attain  distinction 
enough  in  my  profession  to  have  it  in  my  power,  in  ten  years, 
to  retire  from  the  bar  into  the  country  and  give  myself  up  to 
the  luxury  of  literature  and  my  fireside.  You  will  say  that 
this  is  selfish — that  a  man's  first  duty  is  to  his  country ;  and 
you  will  tell  me  of  Curtius  and  Cato,  and  Brutus.     I  admit  the 


263  DISLIKE    OF    POLITICAL    LIFE.  [1S09. 

grandeur  of  their  v^irtues,  but  I  am  neither  a  Curtius,  a  Cato,  nor  a 
Brutus.  There  are  thousands  of  my  countrymen  better  qualified 
than  myself  for  those  high  offices,  and  as  willing  as  capable. 
Should  1  attempt  to  give  myself  the  precedence  to  such  men,  it 
would  not  be  love  of  country,  but  self,  that  would  impel  me.  The 
wish  to  see  my  country  prosper  is  not  compatible  with  a  wish  to 
see  the  reins  of  government  in  hands  that  are  unfit  to  hold  them  ; 
and  to  wish  them  in  my  own,  would  be  to  wish  them  in  such 
liands.  Hence  my  duty  to  my  country  is  so  far  from  opposing  that 
it  accords  with  the  real  wish  of  my  iieart  for  independence  and 
domestic  peace.  These  are  the  principles  by  which  I  am  regula- 
ting my  life,  and  I  should  be  almost  as  sorry  to  have  them  dis- 
turbed, as  a  christian  would  the  foundations  of  his  faith. 

Monroe  is  certainly  a  virtuous  and  excellent  man.    I  opposed  his 
election,  but  my  opinion  of  him  is  unaltered.    By-the-bye,  my  dear 
wife,  who  is  a  good  federalist  by  inheritance,  drew  her  pencil 
through  that  part  of  your  letter  in  which  you  speak  of  the  fed- 
eralists and  lories  who  supported  his  election.     She  wanted  to 
show  your  letter  to  her  mother,  but  as  both  her  father  and  mother 
are  federalists,  of  the  first  water,  and  supported  Monroe,  she  was 
afraid  that  this  passage  would  defeat  the  effect  which  she  wished 
the  letter  to  produce — that  is,  to  inspire  them  with  the  same  love 
and  respect  for  you  which  she  feels  herself.     I  think  it  a  misfor- 
tune to  Monroe  that  he  had  the  support  of  which  you  speak ;  but 
as  it  was  unsolicited  and  undesired  by  him  I  do  not  think  he  ought 
to   be   blamed    for    it.      I   wish    the    federalists    were   all   like 
you — Madisonian  federalists ;  and  I  wish  the  republicans  were 
all    like    him, — that    is,    tolerant,    candid,   charitable   and   dis- 
passionate.     I    should    then    have    some   hopes    of  the    dura- 
tion of  the  republic; — but  as  it  is — may  Heaven  protect  us!     If 
you   knew   Mr.  JetFerson  personally  and   intimately,  you  would 
know  him   to  be  among  the  most  simple  and  artless  characters 
upon  earth.     His  fault  is,  that   he   is  too  unguarded :  if  he  had 
more  of  General  Washington's  reserve,  he  would  be  less  in  the 
power  of  his  enemies  than  he  is.     I  do  not  know  that  this  would 
make  him  a  more  amiable  man,  but  it  would  make  him  a  happier 
one. 


CHAP.  XVII]  LOCKE'S    ESSAY.  263 

I  am  delighted  with  the  account  you  give  me  of  Cyrus'  parts. 
Has  he  read  Locke's  Essay  on  tlie  Human  Understanding  ?  If  not, 
I  wish  he  would  try  it ;  I  consider  it  a  pretty  good  test  of  a  young 
man's  vigor.  When  I  was  about  fourteen  years  old,  a  friend  made 
me  very  flattering  promises,  if  I  would  read  Locke  through  twice, 
and  produce  a  certificate  from  a  gentleman  whom  he  named,  that 
I  was  master  of  his  meaning.  He  intimated  that  I  should  be 
considered  as  a  sort  of  phenomenon  if  I  achieved  this  task.  It 
was  on  Sunday,  I  recollect,  when  I  received  this  letter,  and  I 
went  instantly  to  Parson  Hunt's  library,  took  out  the  book,  and 
spreading  a  blanket  on  the  floor,  up  stairs,  laid  down  flat  on  my 
breast, — the  posture  in  which  1  had  been  accustomed  to  get  my 
Homer's  lesson,  and  which  I  therefore  supposed  was  peculiarly 
favorable  to  the  exertion  of  the  mind.  I  was  soon  heels  over  head 
among  "  innate  ideas,"  subjects  which  I  had  never  before  heard  of, 
and  on  which  I  had  not  a  single  idea  of  any  kind,  either  innate  or 
acquired.  I  stuck  to  him,  however,  manfully,  and  plunged  on, 
pretty  intelligently,  till  I  got  to  his  chapter  on  "  Identity  and 
Diversity,"  and  there  I  stuck  fast,  in  the  most  hopeless  despair ; 
nor  did  I  ever  get  out  of  that  mire,  until  I  again  met  with  the 
book  in  Albemarle,  when  I  was  about  twenty-three  years  of 
ag€.  Even  then,  as  I  approached  the  chapter  on  Identity  and 
Diversity,  I  felt  as  shy  as  the  Scotch  parson's  horse  did  when 
re-passing,  in  summer,  part  of  a  road  in  which  he  had  stuck  fast 
the  preceding  winter.  Cyrus  is  two  years  beyond  the  time  at 
which  I  made  the  experiment,  and  I  do  not  doubt  that  he 
will  bound  over  it  like  the  reindeer  over  the  snows  of  Lapland. 
Locke  is  certainly  a  frigid  writer  to  a  young  man  of  high 
fancy.  But  whoever  wishes  to  train  himself  to  address  the 
human  judgment  successfully,  ought  to  make  Locke  his  bosom 
friend  and  constant  companion.  He  introduces  his  reader  to  a 
most  intimate  acquaintance  with  the  structure  and  constitution 
of  the  mind :  unfolds  every  property  which  belongs  to  it ;  shews 
how  alone  the  judgment  can  be  approached  and  acted  on ;  through 
what  avenues,  and  with  what  degrees  of  proof,  a  man  may  calcu- 
late, with  certainty,  on  its  different  degrees  of  assent.  Besides  this, 
Locke's  book  is  auxiliary  to  the  same  process  for  which  I  have 
been  so  earnestly  recommending  the  mathematics ;  that  is,  giving 
to  the  mind  a  fixed  and  rooted  habit  of  clear,  close,  cogent  and 


264  LETTER   TO    EDWARDS. 


[1809. 


irresistible  reasoning.  The  man  who  can  read  Locke  for  an 
hour  or  two,  and  then  lay  him  down  and  argue  feebly  upon  any 
subject,  may  hang  up  his  fiddle  for  life ;  to  such  a  one,  nature 
must  have  denied  the  original  stamina  of  a  great  mind. 

****** 

That  Heaven  may  restore  and  confirm  your  health,  and  continue 
to  smile  with  beneficence  upon  yourself  and  your  family,  (who,  I 
believe,  are  as  dear  to  my  heart  as  the  closest  consanguinity  could 
make  them,)  is  the  devout  and  fervent  prayer  of 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

The  next  letter  contains  a  pleasant  day-dream,  characteristic  of 
the  ambition  of  the  writer,  but  which  unfortunately  was  never 
realized.  We  may  smile  at  this  picture  of  hopes  which  the  con- 
tingencies of  after  life  may  be  said  rather  to  have  displaced  for 
others  more  brilliant,  than  to  have  disappointed. 


TO    BENJAMIN    EDWARDS. 

Richmond,  June  23,  1S09. 
My  Ever  Honored  Friend  : 

Yours  of  the  15th  ult.  reached  this  place  a  week  ago.  I  was 
then  in  Norfolk,  in  the  Admiralty  Court,  and  learned,  with  sorrow, 
by  a  letter  from  my  wife,  your  inability  to  meet  us  at  the  Springs. 
In  consequence  of  this,  our  own  resolution  of  going  thither  is  very 
much  shaken;  and  I  doubt  much  whether  we  shall  go  higher  up 
the  country  than  to  my  wife's  sister's,  Mrs,  Cabell,  who  lives  in 
Buckingham,  a  county  bounded  to  the  west  by  the  Blue  Ridge. 
There  we  shall  get  the  mountain  air,  avoid  a  hot  journey  and  a 
good  deal  of  expense,  which  we  would  have  encountered  cheer- 
fully in  the  hope  of  meeting  you,  and  some  portion  of  your 
family.  This  inducement  removed,  the  objections  to  the  jaunt 
remain  without  a  counterpoise;  and  we  must  submit  with  as  good 
a  grace  as  possible  to  the  disappointment,  still  cherishing  the 
hope,  that,  by  some  means  or  other,  at  some  place  or  other,  we 
shall  yet  meet  before  we  bid  adieu  to  the  world.  In  the  mean- 
time, lest  it  should  be  otherwise,  from  your  parental  anxiety  for 
me,  I  am  sure  you  would  be  glad  to  know  what  is  to  become  of 


CHAP.  XVII.]  LITERARY    DREAMS.  265 

me,  and  how  I  am  to  pass  through  life.  I  have  looked  into  this 
subject  of  my  future  life  with  a  vision  as  steady  and  distinct  as  I 
can  command,  and  now  give  you  the  result.  In  the  course  of  ten 
years,  without  some  great  and  signal  misfortune,  I  have  reason  to 
hope  that  I  shall  be  worth  near  upon  or  quite  one  hundred  thousand 
dollars  in  cash,  besides  having  an  elegant  and  well-furnished  estab- 
lishment in  this  town.  I  propose  to  vest  twenty-five  thousand  dollars 
in  the  purchase,  improvement  and  stocking  of  a  farm  somewhere 
on  James  River,  in  as  healthy  a  country  as  I  can  find,  having  also 
the  advantage  of  fertility.  There  I  will  have  my  books,  and  with 
my  family  spend  three  seasons  of  the  year — spring,  summer  and 
fall.  Those  months  I  shall  devote  to  the  improvement  of  my  chil- 
dren, the  amusement  of  my  wife,  and  perhaps  the  endeavor  to  raise 
by  my  pen  a  monument  to  my  name.  The  winter  we  will  spend 
in  Richmond,  if  Richmond  shall  present  superior  attractions  to  the 
country.  The  remainder  of  my  cash  I  will  invest  in  some  stable 
and  productive  fund,  to  raise  portions  for  my  children.  In 
these  few  words  you  have  the  scheme  of  my  future  life.  You  see 
there  is  no  noisy  ambition  in  it ;  there  is  none,  I  believe,  in  my 
composition.  It  is  true  I  love  distinction,  but  I  can  only  enjoy 
it  in  tranquillity  and  innocence.  My  soul  sickens  at  the  idea  of 
political  intrigue  and  faction :  I  would  not  choose  to  be  the 
innocent  victim  of  it,  much  less  the  criminal  agent.  Observe,  I 
do  not  propose  to  be  useless  to  society.  My  ambition  will  lie  in 
opening,  raising,  refining  and  improving  the  understandings  of  my 
countrymen  by  means  of  light  and  cheap  publications.  I  do  not 
think  that  I  am  Atlas  enough  to  sustain  a  ponderous  work:  while 
a  speculation  of  fifty  or  a  hundred  pages  on  any  subject,  theolo- 
gical, philosophical,  political,  moral  or  literary  would  afford  me 
very  great  delight,  and  be  executed,  at  least,  with  spirit.  Thus  I 
hope  to  be  employed,  if  alive,  ten  years  hence,  and  so,  to  the  day 
of  my  death,  or  as  long  as  I  can  write  anything  worth  the  reading. 
Voltaire  (voluminous  as  his  works  now  are,  as  bound  up  together,) 
used  to  publish  in  this  way,  detached  pamphlets  ;  and  so  did  many 
others  of  the  most  distinguished  writers  in  Europe, — all  the  essay- 
ists and  dramatists,  of  course,  and  many  of  the  philosophers.  This 
mode  of  publication  is  calculated  to  give  wider  currency  to  a 
work.  There  is  nothing  terrible  in  the  price,  or  the  massive  bulk 
of  the  volume.  The  price  is  so  cheap,  and  the  reading  so  light, 
VOL.  1—23 


266  PROSPECT    OF   LIFE.  [1809. 

as  to  command  a  reader  in  every  one  who  can  read  at  all,  and 
thereby  to  embrace  the  whole  country.  May  not  a  man,  employed 
in  this  way,  be  as  useful  to  his  country  as  by  haranguing  eloquently 
in  the  Senate.-'  The  harangue  and  the  harangue-maker  produce  a 
transient  benefit,  and  then  perish  together.  The  writer,  if  he  have 
merit,  speaks  to  all  countries  and  all  ages  ;  and  the  benefits  which 
he  produces  flow  on  forever.  To  enjoy  them  both  would  be, 
indeed,  desirable  to  a  man  who  could  feel  sufficient  delight  in  the 
applause  of  his  eloquence  to  counterbalance  the  pain  which  the 
cabals,  intrigues,  calumnies,  and  lies  of  the  envious  and  malignant 
would  be  sure  to  inflict  upon  him.  This  I  think  I  could  never  do  ; 
and  I  shall,  therefore,  attempt  that  kind  of  fame  which  alone  I  can 
find  reconcilable  with  my  happiness. 

By  perusing  these  two  pages,  you  may  look  forward  through 
futurity  to  the  end  of  my  life,  and,  from  the  point  on  which  you 
now  stand,  take  in  my  whole  prospect.  One  thing  at  least  your 
adopted  son  promises  you  ;  that  he  will  transmit  to  his  posterity 
a  name  of  unblemished  honor:  and  he  flatters  himself  that  in 
future  time,  they  will  look  back  to  him  as  the  founder  of  a 
race  that  will  have  done  no  discredit  to  their  country.  This  is 
vanity,  but,  I  hope,  not  vexation  to  your  spirit : — for  with  whom 
can  I  be  free  if  not  with  you  ?  I  flatter  myself  that  you  have 
that  kind  of  love  for  me  which  would  make  you  desirous  of  seeing 
how  I  shall  conduct  myself  through  life  ;  but  since,  in  the  ordi- 
nary course  of  things,  this  cannot  be,  the  next  degree  of  enjoyment 
is  to  see  it  by  anticipation,  and  for  this  purpose  it  is  that  I  have 
been  trying  to  lead  you  to  the  summit  of  Pisgah,  and  show  you 
my  promised  land. 

But  enough  of  it.  Your  letter  gives  a  view  of  the  advanced  life 
of  parents  not  the  most  cheering  that  could  be  imagined.  But 
then,  those  children  whom  you  went  to  Kentucky  to  live  with, 
although  widely  dispersed,  are  all  in  the  road  of  honor,  pros- 
perity and  happiness.  They  could  not  have  remained  with  you, 
always  :  you  should  not  have  desired  it.  They  were  to  be  estab- 
lished in  the  world;  and  you  have  the  delightful  knowledge  that 
they  are  well-established.  What  a  feast  is  this  reflection  to  a 
heart  like  yours  !  Contrast  it  with  the  idea  of  their  having 
always  remained  about  your  house,  your  daughters  old  maids,  and 
your  sons  lazy  old  bachelors.    You  would  have  had  their  company, 


CHAP.  XVn.]  FAMILY    CONCERNS.  267 

indeed, — but  what  sort  of  company  would  it  have  been.''  And  if 
you  once  admitted  the  idea  that  tliey  were  to  be  married  and 
settled,  I  am  sure  you  were  not  chimerical  enough  to  expect  that 
they  would  all  settle  around  Shiloh,  like  so  many  small  bubbles 
surrounding  a  large  one.  I  doubt  very  much  the  happiness  of  a 
neighborhood  so  constructed,  even  if  it  were  reasonable  to  expect 
such  a  construction.  1  incline  to  think  that  distance  gives  you  a 
juster  value  for  each  other,  and  that  when  you  do  meet,  your 
happiness  makes  up  in  intenseness  what  in  wants  in  frequency ;  so 
that  upon  the  whole,  the  sum  of  your  happiness  is  pretty  much 
the   same. 

But,  my  ever  honored  friend,  any  man  with  your  practical 
judgment  must  have  foreseen  this  result — that  your  children  would 
marry,  and  that  their  own  parental  duties  would  force  them  to 
follow  their  fortune  wherever  she  pointed  the  way.  And  how 
happy  is  your  fate  compared  with  that  of  hundreds,  thousands  and 
millions  of  other  parents.  No  child  has  ever  wounded  the  honor 
of  your  house.  You  have  no  reprobate  son  to  mourn  :  no  daugh- 
ter's ruin  to  bring  down  your  gray  hairs  with  sorrow  to  the  grave. 
How  many  are  there  who  have  !  When  I  think  of  these  agoni- 
zing, soul-rending  calamities,  I  almost  shudder  at  the  idea  of  being 
a  father.     "  Yet  in  Providence  I  trust." 

I  had  heard  of  Ninian's  wish  for  the  governorship  of  the 
Illinois,  from  himself,  and  had  written  to  Mr.  Madison  (whom  I 
know  very  well,)  my  impression  of  his  (Ninian's)  character.  I 
know  not  whether  the  change  of  office  is  for  the  better  or  worse  ; 
and  am  sorry  to  learn  that  you  think  it  against  reason  and  judg- 
ment. The  office,  I  presume,  will  impose  more  labor  upon  him, 
and  be  more  likely  to  embroil  him  in  quarrels  and  trouble.  But 
will  not  these  be  balanced  by  the  power  which  he  will  have  of 
providing  for  his  children,  and  ushering  them  advantageously  into 
life  > 

I  am  happy  to  hear  that  Cyrus  has  laid  siege  to  the  mathe- 
matics. He  will,  no  doubt,  soon  be  tired  of  it,  and  when  he  is  so, 
he  ought  to  turn  to  Rollin's  account  of  his  namesake's  siege  of 
Babylon,  to  see  what  patience,  enterprise  and  heroism  can 
achieve  ;  and,  though  he  may  not  see  at  present  the  benefit  which 
is  to  result  from  his  labors,  he  will  feel  it  by-and-bye,  when  the 


26S  LETTER    TO    CARR.  [1S09. 

arguments  of  his  adversaries   fall  before  liim  like  the  walls  of 
Jericho  at  the  sound  of  the  liorns. 

By-the-bye,  my  wife  is  afraid  that  you  took  too  gravely  her 
little  gayety  in  pencilling  some  of  tiie  lines  of  your  letter  touching 
the  federalists.  I  told  her  that,  to  my  sorrow^  you  were  a  fede- 
ralist too;  and  that  your  observation  could  scarcely  have  been 
intended  to  cover  the  whole  of  a  party  to  which  you  yourself 
belonged.  Tiie  act  was,  as  it  related  to  herself,  a  mere  sally  of 
sportiveness  ;  and  in  this  light  she  begs  you  to  consider  it.  I  have 
some  hopes  that,  in  time,  I  shall  have  better  luck  with  her  than 
Paul  had  with  Felix  ;  that  I  shall  altogether  persuade  her  to  be  a 
good  republican.  This  will  be  the  efiect,  however,  of  living  long 
together,  and  wearing  down,  by  slow  degrees,  the  little  federal 
asperities  which  her  parents  gave  her  ;  that  is  to  say,  if  my  own 
political  asperities,  as  being  made  of  softer  stuff,  do  not  give  way 
first.  You  know  that  in  rencontres  of  this  sort,  men  have  not 
much  to  expect  beyond  the  pleasure  of  being  vanquished. 
******  *  * 

Here  is  another  long  and  vapid  letter.  No  wonder  this  time,  for 
I  have  written  under  the  pressure  of  about  ninety-six  degrees  of 
heat.  My  wife  and  children  unite  Avith  me  in  love  to  you,  Mrs. 
E.  and  our  brothers  and  sisters.  Heaven  bless  you,  restore  you 
to  health,  and  preserve  you  to  your  family. 

Yours, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

to  dabney  carr. 

Richmond,  December  21,  1808. 
My  Dear  Friend: 

I  have  this  moment  your  favor  of  the  18th  inst.,  for  which  I 
thank  you  from  the  bottom  of  my  heart.  I  love  your  letters. 
They  are  your  very  self.  God  bless  you.  You  give  me  great 
pleasure. 

Yes  ! — your  brother  Peter,  the  General  and  myself,  had  indeed 
planned  a  trip  to  Washington,  this  winter,  which  was  to  embrace 
you,  and  into  which  '^  my  brother  the  Governor,'^''  Cabell,  (as  old 

S used  to   say   of  Patrick   Henry,)  entered   with  all   his 

soul,  as  soon  as  mentioned  ;  but  you  know  we  have  Burns'  au- 


CHAP.  XVII. ]  HABITS    OF    BUSINESS.  269 


thority  for  saying  that  "  the  wisest  schemes  of  mice  and  men, 
gang  aft  awry." 

We  were  at  the  Springs,  and  looked  at  the  subject  at  a  very 
great  distance, — too  great  a  distance  to  discern  the  obstacles  that 
might  oppose  our  design.  Now  that  we  have  come  to  the  starling 
point,  I  find  that  tiie  trip  would  break  in,  materially,  on  my  pro- 
fessional engagements  for  the  winter,  and  disable  me  from  taking 
the  tield,  in  the  spring,  with  the  advantage  I  ought.  This  is  no 
fictitious  obstacle.  Our  courts  are,  at  length,  all  up,  and  I  have 
set  in  to  do  wiiat,  to  my  shame,  I  have  never  done  before, — pre- 
pare, through  the  winter,  for  the  combats  of  the  succeeding 
year,  leaving  nothing  for  future  preparation,  but  future  business. 
Thus,  our  first  court  is  the  Chancery:  I  lay  my  docket  before 
me,  take  up  my  first  cause,  and  prepare  the  notes  of  my  argu- 
ment in  that,  before  I  quit  it;  so,  to  the  next,  and  so  on  through 
that  docket,  and  every  other  in  which  I  am  concerned.  Thus  I 
come  out,  in  the  spring,  as  Billy  Pope  says,  like  a  sarpent.  Is 
not  this  an  object  suHiciently  important  to  justify  the  declension 
of  the  jaunt  to  Washington.''  Yet  how  I  should  enjoy  it !  I  have 
no  doubt  of  the  truth  of  your  opinion,  that  these  men  loom  larger 
from  their  distance.  We  know  those  who  cope  with  them,  and 
who  at  least  equal,  if  not  surpass  them;  and  even  these  are  but 
men. 

No,  my  dear  friend;  I  know  you  are  too  manly  and  dignified  to 
flatter  any  one,  much  less  a  friend  :  and  I  know  i'cw  men,  very 
few  indeed,  (if  one,)  whose  judgments  are  so  little  liable  to  be 
warped,  from  the  truth,  by  prejudice  and  partiality.  Yet,  when 
you  speak  of  its  being  of  any  peculiar  importance  to  me  to  be- 
come known  to  the  great  men  of  the  nation,  I  am  lost  in  {\\6 
attempt  to  conjecture  your  meaning. 

The  course  of  politics  is  neither  for  my  happiness  nor  fortune. 
I  am  poor.  While  I  continue  so,  it  is  my  first  duty  to  think  of 
my  wife  and  children,  unless  my  country  were  placed  in  an  emer- 
gency, from  which  I,  alone,  could  redeem  her:  a  crisis,  the  pos- 
sibility of  which,  it  is  not  very  easy  to  conceive. 

My  wife  says  that  she  should  feel  my  safety  no  where  more 

secure  than  in  your  hands;  for,  let  me  tell  you  (aside)  that  you 

are   a  rare,  a  very   rare  instance,  in  which  there   is  a  perfect 

coincidence  in  opinion,  between  her  and  myself,  as  to  the  taste 

VOL.  1—23* 


270  THE    OLD    REPORTERS. 


[1S09. 


and  friendship  of  my  associates.     I  have  heard  General  M 

make  a  complaint  against  his  wife,  that  his  greatest  favorites  were 
seldom  her^s.  I  suspect  the  reason  with  both  our  wives,  is  pretty 
much  the  same, — to  wit,  tliat  some  of  our  greatest  favorites  are  apt, 
occasionally,  to  tempt  us  into  frolics.  My  wife  has  seen,  that  this 
is  not  the  case  with  you ;  for  you  never  cross  the  line  of  the  tem- 
perate zone,  and  there  is  no  mist  of  prejudice,  therefore,  between 
her  judgment  and  your  good  qualities.  At  the  good  qualities  of 
several  of  my  other  friends,  she  is  obliged  to  look  through  the 
smoke  of  cigars  and  the  vapors  of  the  grape  ;  a  medium  so  im- 
penetrable to  her,  that  I  cannot  account  for  her  having  ever  con- 
ceived a  partiality  for  me,  except  by  the  obscurity  with  which  I 
was  thus  surrounded,  and  the  force  of  her  imagination.  But, 
mark  me,  I  am  speaking  only  of  past  years.  For,  sir,  I  have 
made  a  large  collection  of  old  law  reporters,  with  the  plates  of 
the  authors  in  front.  Coke,  Grotius,  Rolle,  Vaughan,  &c.  I  see, 
from  the  faces  of  these  men,  who  lived  so  shortly  after  Shaks- 
peare,  (and,  indeed,  of  old  Coke  and  Dyer  who  lived  with  him,) 
that  this  great  poet  was  painting  from  nature,  in  this,  as  well  as 
in  every  other  instance,  when  he  imputed  to  these  men  of  the 
law,  "  the  eye  severe,  and  beard  of  formal  cut."  It  was,  no 
doubt,  owing  to  their  recluse  and  austere  life,  and  the  intensity  of 
their  studies,  that  they  contracted  this  severe  look.  I  bar  the 
beard  ;  but,  in  other  respects,  if  the  same  cause  is  to  produce  the 
same  effect,  look  to  see  me  with  razor  eyes  cast  a  little  to  one 
side,  in  all  the  severity  of  thought,  and  muscles  fixed  as  marble, 
when  next  you  see  me. 

To  be  sure,  I  had  two  and  twenty  gentlemen,  yesterday,  eating 
venison  and  drinking  wine  with  me.  But  this,  sir,  was  only  a  pa- 
renthesis ;  and,  I  am  too  well  read  in  Blair,  to  admit  many  of  them, 
because  I  think,  with  him,  that  nothing  is  more  apt  to  darken  a 
man's  understanding,  if  not  to  extinguish  it  altogether. 

I'll  tell  you  what,  sir,  I  begin  to  feel  like  somebody  in  this 
world.  My  son  is  beginning  to  read,  and  my  daughter  writes  her 
name  very  smartly;  and  it  gives  me,  I  can  tell  you,  no  small  con- 
sequence in  my  own  eyes,  to  be  the  parent  of  two  such  children. 
I  have  a  notion  of  making  my  daughter  a  classical  scholar.  What 
do  you  say  to  it  ?  She  is  quick,  and  has  a  genius.  Her  person 
will  not  be  unpleasing,  and  her  mind  may  be  made  a  beauty.    This 


CHAP.  XVri.]  ACRIMONY    OF    PARTY    POLITICS.  271 

course  of  education  will,  indeed,  keep  her  out  of  the  world  until 
she  is  seventeen  years  old  ;  but,  I  think,  so  much  the  better, — fori 
w^ould  not  wish  her  to  be  married  under  twenty,  which,  if  she  is 
attractive,  would  be  very  apt  to  be  the  case,  if  she  enters  the 
world,  as  is  usual,  at  fourteen.  What  do  you  say  to  all  this  ? 
Commune  with  me,  as  a  friend,  upon  this. 

I  should  like  our  girls,  four  or  five  years  hence,  to  be  corres- 
ponding in  French.  Does  not  your  heart  spring  at  this  idea  .''  If 
not,  you  are  no  father  to  my  mind. 

My  wife  desires  to  be  affectionately  remembered  to  yours.  So 
do  I  too,  and  both  of  us  to  you, — which  is  a  rhyme  unintended. 

Greet  your  brothers  kindly  in  my  name,  and  all  our  friends. 

Need  I  tell  you  what  you  so  well  know,  that 
I  am,  as  ever, 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

These  letters  indicate  a  settled  determination,  at  least  for  the 
present,  to  avoid  the  engagements  of  public  life.  Wirt,  in  com- 
mon with  many  grave  and  reflecting  men  of  that  time,  often  fell 
into  a  desponding  tone  of  remark  upon  the  future  prospects  of 
the  country.  The  absolute  ferocity  of  party  politics  at  that  day, 
alarmed  them.  Never  since  that  period, — although  our  later  ex- 
perience upon  this  point  is  not  without  abundant  examples  of  an 
extreme  of  harshness — never  have  political  divisions  been  attended 
with  so  widely  diff'used  and  so  bitter  a  spirit  of  personal  rancor 
and  denunciation.  In  the  artful  exhibitions  of  talented  dem- 
agogues, perhaps,  the  present  generation  may  be  entitled  to  claim 
a  greater  skill  and  a  more  pervading  influence,  than  that  which 
preceded  it;  but  at  the  time  to  which  we  refer,  society  was 
more  distinctly  marked  and  separated  by  party  lines  than  it 
ever  has  been  since.  Considerate  men  regarded  this  temper  in 
the  people  with  anxiety  and  doubt  as  to  its  ultimate  effect  upon 
the  institutions  of  the  country,  and  they  felt  unhappy  forebodings 
of  a  catastrophe  which  many  believed  not  to  be  far  distant.  The 
public  mind  has  since  grown  familiar  with  these  tempests,  and, 
finding  how  easily  the  ship  rights  itself  after  a  heavy  blow,  has 
dismissed  its  apprehensions  and  learned  to  look  with  confidence 


272  LETTER    TO    EDWARDS.  [1809. 

and  composure  upon  the  supposed  dangers  which  filled  the  hearts 
of  the  past  generation  with  dismay. 

In  the  following  letter  to  Mr.  Edwards,  vva  shall  find  the  utter- 
ance of  some  gloomy  misgivings  as  to  the  fate  of  the  Union,  which 
may  be  said  to  express  an  opinion  not  confined  to  the  writer. 
The  first  portion  of  this  letter  touches  a  question  of  educaticn 
which  may  be  profitably  perused  by  every  youthful  aspirant  after 
professional  success. 


TO     BENJAMIN     EDWARDS. 

Richmond^  December  22,  1809. 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

****** 

I  think  you  are  rather  hard  upon  my  brother  Ninian,  when 
you  speak  of  the  Quixottic  schemes  which  he  has  carried  to  his 
territory.  It  strikes  me  that  a  fellow  who  has  made  his  way 
through  the  presidency  of  a  Court  of  Appeals,  to  the  government 
of  a  Territory,  deserves  to  have  his  solidity  a  little  better  thought 
of  I  suspect  that  the  Knight  of  La  Mancha  would  never  have 
achieved  such  adventures  as  those.  I  own  tliat  I  cannot  see  what 
he  will  gain  by  the  exchange,  except  (what  I  should  suppose  he 
has  no  need  of)  land :  but  he  has  displayed  so  much  soundness  of 
judgment  that  1  do  not  doubt  motives  exist  sufficient  to  justify  his 
conduct.  I  am  sorry  that  Cyrus  is  deprived  of  McAllister. 
I  hear  this  man  every  where  spoken  of  as  a  prodigy  of  learning 
and  mental  force;  not  very  well  qualified  perhaps,  for  the  in- 
struction of  children,  but  highly  so  for  the  instruction  of  young 
men, — and  Cyrus  is  now  a  young  man.  McAllister,  I  am  told,  is 
distinguished  for  the  clearness  and  cogency  of  his  style  of  rea- 
soning. What  a  treasure  would  such  a  man  be  to  a  young  man  of 
genius  and  enterprise  who  Avas  destined  for  the  bar !  This 
power  of  analysis,  the  power  of  simplifying  a  complex  subject, 
and  shewing  all  its  parts  clearly  and  distinctly,  is  the  forte  of 
Chief  Justice  Marshall,  and  is  the  great  desideratum  of  every  man 
who  aims  at  eminence  in  the  law.  Genius,  fancy,  and  taste  may 
fashion  the  drapery  and  put  it  on ;  but  Reason  alone,  is  the  grand 
sculptor  that  can  form  the  statue  itself     Hence  it  is  that  I  have 


CHAP.  XVII.]  EDUCATION.  273 

been  so  anxious  for  Cyrus  to  cultivate  the  mathematics — not  for 
the  sake  of  being  a  mathematician,  but  to  give  to   his  mind  the 
habit  of  close  and  conclusive  reasoning.     I  hope  he  will  still  be 
placed  in  some  situation  where  he  may  pursue  this  science.     I 
would  have  him  mathematician  enough  to  be  able  to  comprehend 
and  repeat,  with  ease,  by  calculations  of  his  own.  Sir  Isaac  New- 
ton's mathematical   demonstrations    of  the   principles   of  natural 
philosophy.     Locke  says,  if  you  would  have  your  son  a  reasoner, 
let  him  read  Chillingworth:  I  say,  if  you  would  have  him  a  rea- 
soner let  him  read  Locke.     I  think  you  will  find  that  the  mathe- 
matics and  Locke  will  put  a  head  in  his  tub  ;  for,  what  you  cen- 
sure is  not,  I  apprehend,  any  defect  in  the  faculty  of  memory,  but 
rather  the  inattention  and  volatility  so  natural  to  his  time  of  life, 
for  which  there  is  no  better  cure  than  what  I  am  recommending. 
****** 
As  to  my  country's  calling  for  my  aid,  you  make  me  smile! — yet 
if  such  an  improbable  thing  should  ever  come  to  pass,  you  will 
find  that  your  lectures  on  patriotism  have  not  been  lost  upon  me. 
Alas !  poor  country !  what  is  to  become  of  it  ?     In  the  wisdom 
and  virtue  of  the  administration  I  have  the  most  unbounded  confi- 
dence.    My  apprehensions,  therefore,  have  no  reference  to  them, 
nor  to  any  event  very  near  at  hand.     And  yet,  can  any  man  who 
looks  upon  the  state  of  public  virtue  in  this  country,  and  then 
casts  his  eyes  upon  what  is  doing  in  Europe,  believe  that  this  con- 
federated republic  is  to  last  for   ever.''     Can  he  doubt  that  its 
probable  dissolution  is  less  than  a  century  oft".''     Think  of  Burr's 
conspiracy,  Avithin  thirty-five  years  of  the  birth  of  the  republic ; — 
think  of  the  characters  implicated  with  him  ; — think  of  the  state  of 
political  parties  and  of  the  presses  in  this  country ; — think  of  the 
execrable  falsehoods,  virulent  abuse,  villanous  means   by  which 
they  strive  to  carry  their  points.     Will  not  the  people  get  tired 
and  heart-sick  of  this   perpetual  commotion  and  agitation,  and 
long  for  a  change,  even  for  king  Log,  so  that  they  may  get  rid  of 
their  demagogues,  the  storks,  that  destroy  their  peace  and  quiet  ? 
These  are  my  fears.     Heaven  grant  that  they  may  prove  ground- 
less !     It  may  be  for  the  want  of  that  political  intrepidity  which  is 
essential  to  a  statesman  that  these  fears  have  found  their  way  into 
my  mind — yet  I  confess  they  do  sometimes  fill  it  with  awe  and 
dismay.     I  am  sure  that  the  body  of  the  people  is  virtuous;  and 


274  LETTER    TO    EDWARDS.  [1809, 

were  they  as  enliglitened  as  they  are  virtuous,  I  should  think  the 
republic  insured  against  ruin  from  within.  But  they  are  not  en- 
liglitened,  and  therefore  are  liable  to  imposition  from  the  more 
knowing,  crafty  and  vicious  emissaries  of  faction  ; — and  the  very 
honesty  of  the  people,  by  rendering  them  unsuspicious  and  credu- 
lous, promotes  the  cheat.  They  are  told,  for  instance,  that  this 
administration  is  in  French  pay  or  under  French  influence,  and 
that  this  country,  although  nominally  free,  is,  in  effect,  a  dependant 
and  a  province  of  France.  That  the  taxes  which  they  pay  to 
support  their  government,  instead  of  being  applied  to  these  pur- 
poses, are  remitted  to  their  master  in  France,  to  enable  him  to 
complete  the  conquest  of  Europe  and  hasten  the  time  of  his  taking 
open  possession  here.  The  people  who  live  amid  the  solitude  and 
innocence  of  the  country,  who  read  or  hear  this  tale  well  vamped 
up,  and  see  general  items  pointed  out  in  the  annual  accounts  of 
expenditure,  wliich  are  declared  to  cover  these  traitorous  remit- 
tances— what  are  they  to  think — especially  when  the  tale  is  con- 
nected w^ith  a  long  train  of  circumstances,  partly  true  and  partly 
false,  growing  out  of  the  actual  embarrassments  of  the  country .'' 
Would  it  be  surprising,  if,  thus  worked  upon  for  four  years,  with 
the  vile  and  infamous  slander  sanctioned  by  assertions  on  the  floor 
of  Congress,  they  should  precipitate  Mr.  Madison  from  the  Presi- 
dential seat,  and  place  one  of  his  calumniators  in  the  chair  of 
state.''  And  then  when  "vice  prevails  and  wicked  men  bear 
sway," — "  what  ills  may  follow,"  Heaven  only  can  foretell. 
*  #  #  «  *  *  * 

Yours  forever  and  aye, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CHAPTER    XVIII. 

18  10. 

RESUMES  THE  PURPOSE  OP  WRITING  THE  BIOGRAPHY  OF  PATRICK  HENRY — 

CONSUX.TS  MR.  JEt'FERSON   ON   THIS    SUBJECT LETTKRS   TO  CARR.— NEW 

ENGLAND    ORATORY THE    SENTINEL LET'i'ER  TO    B.  EDWARDS.— DEATH 

OF  COL.  GAMBLE THE  OLD  BACHELOR — LETTERS  CONCERNING  IT. 

In  the  lives  of  professional  men,  there  is  generally  but  little  in- 
cident of  that  kind  which  is  adapted  to  give  interest  to  the  narra- 
tive of  the  biographer.  The  pursuits  of  a  student,  whether  in 
the  field  of  professional  science  or  of  literature,  present  little  for 
notice  beyond  the  record  of  his  acquirements  and  opinions.  That 
engrossment  of  the  mind,  which  constitutes  the  delight  and  profit 
of  a  life  devoted  to  study,  necessarily  withdraws  the  student  from 
an  active  participation  in  the  affairs  of  his  fellow  men,  and,  to  the 
same  extent,  deprives  his  career  of  that  various  fortune,  of  which 
the  lights  and  shades  communicate  so  much  interest  to  personal 
history. 

We  have  seen,  in  the  progress  of  Mr.  Wirt,  a  stedfast  devo- 
tion to  his  profession,  marked  by  a  regular  and  continued  advance- 
ment to  eminence — eminence  which,  it  is  apparent  throughout  his 
career,  he  was  fully  persuaded  was  only  to  be  won  by  unremit- 
ting study.  All  other  pursuits  were  subordinate  to  the  great 
object  of  his  ambition,  a  well-merited  renown  in  his  profession. 
In  his  estimates  of  this  renown,  and  of  the  means  by  which  it  was 
to  be  fairly  earned,  he  was  guided  by  the  example  of  those  dis- 
tinguished men  who,  in  the  history  of  the  profession,  both  in  an- 
cient and  modern  times,  had  illustrated  it  by  the  highest  accom- 
plishments of  general  scholarship.  The  bar  of  the  United  States, 
by  no  means  deficient  in  the  highest  order  of  ability,  affords  but 
few  instances  of  that  accurate  and  full  scholastic  training,  without 
which  no  man  can  be  said  to  be  entitled  to  the  reputation  of  an 
accomplished  jurist.  Looking  to  the  leading  members  of  the  pro- 
fession amongst  us,  we  have  too  much  cause  to  remark  that,  with 


276  RESUMES    THE    LIFE  OF    HENRY.  [1910, 

some  rare  and  brilliant  exceptions,  there  is  a  lamentable  want  of 
conversancy  with  those  subsidiary  studies,  which  not  only  grace 
the  reputation  of  an  eminent  lawyer,  but  are  even  indispensable  to 
it.  We  discern  in  men  of  the  highest  professional  repute,  a  lack 
of  scholarship,  a  deficiency  in  philosophical  and  historical  study, 
and  a  neglect  of  literature  and  science,  which  contrast  most  un- 
pleasantly with  their  acknowledged  vigor  and  capacity  of  mind. 
This  defect  may  be  sometimes  traced  to  the  want  of  the  means 
and  opportunity,  in  early  life,  for  elemental  study.  Some  dis- 
tinguished men  of  the  American  bar  have  won  their  way  to  fame 
against  the  impediments  of  a  straitened  fortune,  and  in  the  priva- 
tion of  all  the  customary  aids  of  study.  In  respect  to  these,  it 
may  be  said  that  their  want  of  accomplishment  bears  honorable 
testimony  to  the  labors  of  their  progress,  and  rather  signalizes 
what  they  have  achieved,  than  subjects  them  to  reproof  for  what 
they  have  left  unattained.  The  great  majority  of  the  most  prom- 
inent members  of  the  profession,  however,  have  not  this  excuse. 
They  are  men,  for  the  most  part,  of  liberal  education,  trained  in 
the  college,  with  all  the  means  and  appliances  at  hand  for  the 
highest  and  most  various  cultivation.  That  they  have  not  availed 
themselves  of  these  means,  we  may  attribute,  in  a  great  degree, 
to  the  fact,  that  the  community  at  large  do  not  appreciate  these  ac- 
quirements sufficiently  to  allow  them  much  weight  in  the  forma- 
tion of  the  popular  opinion  of  professional  excellence  ;  that  the 
student  is  not  stimulated  to  these  additional  labors  by  any  public 
judgment  of  their  worth,  and  that  he  need  not,  therefore,  burden 
himself,  in  his  preparation  for  his  arduous  race,  with  any  addi- 
tional weight  of  study.  His  dream  is  of  popularity,  rather  than 
of  that  fame  which  is  to  live  beyond  his  own  day.  He  covets  the 
applause  visibly  bestowed  in  the  listening  forum,  or  more  sub- 
stantially manifested  in  the  golden  return,  rather  than  that  in- 
visible, remote  and  impartial  renown,  which  settles,  late  and  long, 
upon  the  works  and  the  memory  of  the  ripe  and  polished  scholar. 
Something  is  due  also  to  other  causes :  amongst  these,  that 
rapid  and  precocious  advance  to  large  practice  at  the  bar,  of 
which  we  have  so  many  examples.  This  early  success,  bringing 
with  it  profit  and  popular  applause,  is  often  the  source  of  a  double 
mischief;  first,  by  satisfying  the  ambition  of  the  aspirant;  and, 
second,  by  persuading  him  that  nothing  is  to  be  gained,  in  the 


CEIAP.  XVIII.]  CHARACTER    OF   HIS    STUDIES.  277 

enlargement  of  his  studies,  to  compensate  him  for  the  time  it  must 
subtract  from  his  business.  We  may  find  another  reason,  in  the 
extraordinary  predominance  of  that  talent  for  public  speaking, 
which  is  so  remarkably  characteristic  of  our  people.  The  ad- 
miration of  the  masses  for  this  talent ;  the  ready  plaudit  with 
which  they  reward  that  specious,  fluent,  superficial,  glittering  elo- 
quence, with  which  they  are  most  familiar,  seem  to  have  engen- 
dered the  opinion,  that  even  the  depths  of  juridical  science  may 
be  fathomed  by  this  plummet  of  the  gift  of  speech,  and  the  high- 
est honors  of  professional  distinction,  be  won  by  the  wordy 
triumphs  of  the  forum. 

Wirt's  aim  was  to  build  up  his  reputation  upon  a  more  solid 
base.  To  this  end,  he  read  and  thought  much,  in  those  de- 
partments of  study,  which  not  only  liberalize  the  mind  by  broad 
and  comprehensive  views  of  human  knowledge,  but  also  supply 
it  with  the  stores  of  illustration,  analogy  and  comparison;  and, 
in  equal  degree,  strengthen  its  power  of  discrimination  and 
losrical  deduction.  To  this  end,  also,  he  habituated  himself  to 
the  use  of  his  pen,  and  almost  incorporated  the  practice  of  wri- 
ting into  a  system  of  self-improvement,  as  a  point  of  daily  dis- 
cipline. 

In  accordance  with  this  plan  of  study,  he  had  ever  some  literary 
project  in  hand,  to  which  he  gave  a  portion  of  his  time.  It  was 
not,  however,  always  that,  in  the  pressure  of  his  forensic  engage- 
ments, he  could  gratify  this  purpose,  without  too  large  a  sacrifice 
of  immediate  personal  interest ;  but  we  remark  in  his  letters,  how 
much  this  literary  scheme  engrossed  his  thoughts,  and  beguiled 
the  severer  occupations  of  his  profession. 

The  purpose  of  writing  a  biography  of  Patrick  Henry,  which, 
as  we  have  heretofore  remarked,  had  been  contemplated,  in  con- 
nection with  a  work  embracing  a  number  of  other  distinguished 
men  of  Virginia,  was  now  resumed.  In  reference  to  this  design, 
Wirt  wrote  the  following  letter  to  Mr.  Jefferson : 


VOL.  1—24 


278  LETTER    TO    MR.    JEFFERSON. 


[ISIO. 


TO    THOMAS    JEFFERSON. 

RjcHMOND,  January  18,  1810. 
Dear  Sir: 

About  four  years  ago,  you  were  so  good  as  to  state  that  if  the 
Life  of  Henry  was  not  destined  to  come  out  very  speedily,  you 
would  endeavor  to  recollect  what  nnight  be  of  service  to  it;  and 
that,  having  run  your  course  with  him  for  more  than  twenty  years, 
and  witnessed  the  part  he  bore  in  every  great  question,  you  would 
perhaps  be  able  to  recal  some  interesting  anecdotes. 

I  do  not  refer  to  your  letter  as  constituting  a  promise,  or  giving 
me  any  manner  of  claim  on  you.  I  do  not  regard  it  in  that  light ; 
and  have  merely  reminded  you  of  it  as  an  apology  for  the  renewal 
of  my  request.  In  truth,  so  great  is  the  inconsistency  of  the 
statements  which  I  have  received  of  his  life  and  character,  and  so 
recent  and  warm  the  prejudices  of  his  friends  and  his  adversaries, 
that  I  had  almost  brought  my  mind  to  lay  aside  the  project  as  one 
too  ticklish  for  faithful  execution  at  the  present  time.  But  every 
day,  and  especially  every  meeting  of  the  Legislature,  convince 
me  that  the  times  require  a  little  discipline,  which  cannot  be 
rendered  so  interesting  in  a  didactic  form,  as  if  interwoven  with 
the  biography  of  a  celebrated  man  :  and  although  !  know  very 
many  much  better  qualified  to  give  this  discipline  than  myself,  I 
hear  of  no  one  who  is  disposed  to  do  it.  It  is  for  this  reason, 
only,  that  /  am  so  disposed. 

Mr.  Henry  seems  to  me  a  good  text  for  a  discourse  on  rhetoric, 
patriotism  and  morals.  The  work  might  be  made  useful  to  young 
men  who  are  just  coming  forward  into  life :  this  is  the  highest 
point  of  my  expectation  ;  nor  do  I  deem  the  object  a  trifling  one, 
since  on  these  young  men  the  care  and  safety  of  the  republic  must 
soon  devolve. 

As  for  the  prejudices  for  and  against  him,  I  shall  endeavor  to 
treat  the  subject  with  so  much  candor,  as  not  justly  to  give  offence, 
to  any  one.  I  think  this  may  be  avoided  without  a  sacrifice  of 
truth.  Of  this,  and  consequently  of  the  expediency  of  publishing 
at  this  time,  I  shall  be  belter  able  to  judge  when  the  work  is 
finished ;  which,  I  hope,  it  will  be  this  summer,  unless  the  ill 
health  of  my  family  should  again  send  me  a  travelling. 


CHAP.  XVIII.]  THE    BIOGRAPHY    OF    HENRY.  279 

I  sliould  feel  myself  very  much  indebted  to  you,  if,  during  the 
leisure  which  I  hope  you  are  now  enjoying,  you  could  make  it 
matter  of  amusement  to  yourself  (I  would  not  wish  it  otherwise,) 
to  throw  together,  for  my  use,  such  incidents  touching  Mr.  Henry 
as  may  occur  to  you. 

I  never  heard  nor  saw  Mr.  Henry,  and  am,  therefore,  anxious 
to  have  a  distinct  view  of  the  peculiarities  of  his  character  as  a 
man,  a  politician,  and  an  orator ;  and  particularly  of  the  grounds 
and  points  of  his  excellence  in  the  latter  aspect. 

It  would  very  much  animate  and  enrich  the  biography  to  add  to 
it  a  striking  portrait  of  the  characters  of  the  eminent  men  with 
whom  he  acted.  I  am  the  more  especially  anxious  for  a  portrait 
of  Richard  H.  Lee,  because  I  understand  that  he  was  the  great 
rival  of  Mr.  Henry  in  eloquence.  I  have  heard  the  late  Governor 
Page  say  that  he  was  the  superior. 

Will  this  not  be  adding  too  much  to  the  trouble  which  I  am 
already  seeking  to  give  you  .''  But  I  beg  you  to  feel  no  difficulty 
in  disposing  of  the  whole  request  as  it  may  suit  your  convenience. 

If,  instead   of  being   an  amusement,  you   think   it  would   be 

troublesome  to  you,  I  should  be  much  more  sensibly  obliged  to 

you  to  decline  it  altogether  than  to  encounter  the  trouble  :  since, 

with   every  wish  for  the  peace  and  enjoyment  of  your  future  life, 

I  am,  dear  sir. 

Your  obedient  servant, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

The  expectation  of  completing  this  Life  of  Patrick  Henry  in  the 
course  of  the  year  in  which  this  letter  was  written  was  not  fulfilled. 
The  work  referred  to,  was  not  given  to  the  public  until  several 
years  afterwards. 

Wirt  had  projected  a  visit  with  Dabney  Carr  and  some  other 
friends,  to  Washington,  during  the  session  of  Congress,  "  to  see 
the  lions  "  there,  and  amuse  themselves  by  an  intercourse  with  the 
magnates  of  the  nation.  He  was,  however,  obliged  to  forego  this 
frolic, — as  it  was  meant  to  be, — and  to  remain  at  home,  with  an 
eye  to  his  business,  which  was  now  rapidly  increasing,  very  much 
to  the  benefit  of  his  purse,  though  not  in  the  same  degree  to  the 
promotion  of  his  comfort.  In  reference  to  this  trip  he  writes  the 
following  letter : 


280  LETTER    TO    CARR.  [1810. 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  January  19,  1810. 

Yours  of  the  9th,  my  dear  friend,  reached  me  last  night.  It  is 
undoubtedly  an  eloquent  letter,  for  it  put  me  exactly  in  the  state 
of  the  twelve  signs  of  the  zodiac  that  surround  the  pedestal  of  the 
sleeping  Venus,  at  Monticello ;  it  was  a  smile  and  a  tear,  from 
beginning  to  end ;  which  is  better  proof  of  the  merit  of  the  letter 
than  if  it  fitted  Aristotle's  square  in  every  part. 

It  is  in  vain  to  sigh  about  it ;  go  I  cannot.  In  ten  days  more, 
begins  our  Court  of  Chancery  ;  and  then  I  have  no  rest  (not  for  a 
day,)  till  August.  My  scheme  of  winter's  preparation  has  been 
a  good  deal  unhinged  by  a  spell  of  sickness,  from  w^hich  I  am  just 
recov^ering ;  but  I  shall  not  suffer  the  vacation  to  pass  entirely 
without  profit. 

This,  I  suppose,  will  find  you  in  Washington.  I  wish  you  may 
meet  with  all  the  enjoyment  you  anticipated.  John  Randolph  has 
not  gone  on ;  and  to  hear  him  speak  was  the  primum  mobile  of 
Peter's  project  and  mine.  I  am  very  anxious  to  hear  John  Ran- 
dolph :  they  tell  me  that  he  is  an  orator,  and  I  am  curious  to  hear 
one ;  for  I  never  yet  heard  a  man  who  answered  the  idea  I  have 
formed  of  an  orator. 

He  has  ever  been  ambitious,  and  I  do  not  doubt  that  from  the 
time  he  was  seventeen  years  old,  he  has  been  training  himself, 
most  assiduously,  for  public  speaking.  He  has  formed  himself,  I 
fancy,  on  the  model  of  Chatham ;  but  the  vigor  of  Chatham's 
mind,  and  that  god-like  fire  which  breathed  from  him,  were  not  to 
be  imitated. 

By-the-bye,  I  think  this  business  of  imitation  always  a  badge  of 
inferiority  of  genius ;  most  frequently  an  injudicious  business,  too — 
since  the  imitation  has  generally  little  other  effect  than  to  remind 
the  hearer  or  reader  of  the  superiority  of  the  original. 

God  bless  you  forever  and  ever, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

Our  New  England  friends  will  smile  at  the  account  given 
of  their  oratory,  in  the  following  extract  from  another  letter  to 


CHAP.  XVnr.]        OPINION    OF    NEW    ENGLAND    ORATORY.  281 

Carr,  written,  I  have  reason  to  suppose, — for  it  is  without  date, — 
soon  after  the  last,  and  whilst  Carr  was  in  Washington.  I  need 
not  say  that  the  estimate  here  made  of  New  England  eloquence 
and  character,  was  rather  an  echo  of  the  absurd  prejudices  then 
current  in  the  South,  than  any  deliberate  opinion  of  Wirt's  own. 
We  shall  find  hereafter,  that  no  man  was  either  more  able  or  more 
willing  to  do  full  justice  to  the  many  virtues  of  our  Northern 
brethren  than  he.  In  the  mean  time,  this  sketch  of  them  may  be 
noticed  to  show  to  what  a  different  point  of  the  compass  the 
opinion  of  forty  years  ago  turned,  upon  the  topic  of  this  letter, 
from  what  it  does  now. 

TO    DABNEY    CARR. 


"I  fear  you  will  find  but  little  amusement  in  the  formal  cant  ot 
the  New  Englanders.  I  never  heard  one  of  them ;  but  1  suspect 
that  Callender  has,  ait  least,  colored  the  picture  of  the  national 
manner  high  enough  when,  in  drawing  Dexter  he  says,  '  Mr.  Dex- 
ter has  a  great  deal  of  that  kind  of  eloquence  which  struts  around 
the  heart  without  ever  entering  it.' 

"The  impression  which  I  have  received  of  them  is,  that  they 
are  trained,  like  the  disputants  in  the  old  schools  of  logic,  to  be 
equally  ready  for  every  subject:  that  they  can  speak  on  any  one 
with  equal  volubility  ; — but  that  there  is  no  more  variation  of  feel- 
ing, nor  consequently  of  expression  in  tliem,  than  in  the  brazen 
mask  which  covered  the  face  of  the  actor  in  Rome.  That  they 
are  a  cold,  and  at  the  same  time,  cunning  people,  who  envy  the 
genius  and  generosity  of  a  southern  climate,  of  which  they  have  but 
little  conception ;  that  they  are  clannish ;  that  they  wear  leather 
breeches,  and  smell  of  onions  and  train  oil ;  that  they  have  a  nasal 
twang,  and  a  provincial  whine  which  give  them,  to  a  stranger, 
the  air  of  artless  simplicity,  while,  at  the  same  time,  they  are  art- 
ful enough  to  cheat  the  devil.     liow  much  of  this  creed  is  true.'"' 


With  all  Wirt's  disinclination  to  embarrass  himself  with  the 
duties  of  public  station,  he  was  ever  ready  to  enter  the  field  of 
political  contest  in  defence  of  his  friends  or  the  party  to  which 
VOL.  1—24* 


282  THE   SENTINEL.  [ISIO- 


he  was  attached.  To  both  of  these,  he  had,  more  than  once, 
rendered  most  effective  service,  and  this  was  acknowledged  by 
the  public  in  the  popular  approbation  which  he  heard  expressed 
from  all  quarters,  and  especially  from  the  distinguished  men  in 
whose  behalf  he  had  labored.  He  had,  as  we  have  seen,  been 
one  of  the  first  to  reprove  that  attempt  to  produce  a  schism  in  the 
republican  party  which,  in  the  then  recent  presidential  contest, 
had  divided  the  friends  of  Mr.  Madison  and  Mr.  Monroe ;  and  the 
letters  of  "One  of  the  People,"  had  a  very  extensive  circulation 
through  the  state.  The  authorship  of  those  letters,  although  not 
confessed  to  the  world,  was  every  where  well  known,  and  gave  to 
the  writer  a  conspicuous  position  in  his  party. 

An  occasion  was  presented,  during  this  summer,  to  bring  him 
once  more  before  the  public.     Mr.  Madison's  administration  was 
assailed  with  great  asperity.     Some  of  the  protestors   of   1808 
were  in  open  war  against  it,  and  political  hate  had  lost  none  of  its 
harshness,  nor  its  industry  in  the  tactics  of  assault.     To  breast 
this  opposing  force  of  querulous  denunciation  of  Mr.  Madison  and 
his  friends,  Wirt  published  a  few  essays  with  the  title  of  "  The 
Sentinel."     These  papers  were  written  in  a  different  style  from 
his  former  political  compositions ;  were  more  free  of  that  ambi- 
tious declamation  which  may  be  noticed  in  some  portions  of  the 
letters  of  One  of  the  People.     His  object  in  this  change  of  style 
w^as  to  mislead  the  public  as  to  the  author;  but  the  public,  accus- 
tomed to  the  flavor  of  his  pen,  were  not  deceived  by  the  assumed 
disguise,  and  he  became  as  well  known  for  these  essays  as  for  the 
former.     "  I  hope  I  shall  be  prudent  some  time  or  otiier,"  he  says 
in  a  letter  to  Carr,   "though  I  sometimes    doubt  whether   my 
scribbling  so  much  in  the  papers  is  an  evidence  of  it.     I  suppose 
I  am  to  subject  myself  to  some  personal  reflections  in  the  press 
for  the   portrait  of  Randolph.     I  should   have  no  objection  to 
being  treated  as  candidly  as  he  has  been  ;  but  when  they  lay  hold 
of  me  they  maul  me  in  a  different  style.    But  as  Bullock's  country- 
man said,  about  being  called  '  Billy'  before  the  Governor, '  I  did  n't 
care  for  that ! '  " 

We  have,  in  the  letters  of  Wirt,  occasional  reflections  upon  his 
own  career,  which  are  particularly  adapted  to  the  instruction  o  f 
the  young.  He  seems  to  have  been  moved,  at  many  periods  of 
his  life,  to  record  in  his  letters  the  results  of  his  experience  in  the 


CHAP.  XVIII.]  LETTER    TO    EDWARDS.  283 

difficulties  he  had  encountered,  with  some  conviction  that  he  owed 
it  to  the  rising  generation  to  warn  and  guard  them  against  the 
dangers  which  that  experience  had  taught  him  were  so  greatly  to 
be  dreaded.  These  frequent  passages  in  his  letters,  as  well  as  the 
general  scope  and  aim  of  his  literary  compositions,  may  be  said  to 
present  him  somewhat  conspicuously  in  the  character  of  the  Friend 
and  Instructor  of  youth,  a  title  which  I  am  happy  to  find  has  been 
more  than  once  recognized  by  the  young  men  of  the  United 
States,  in  the  formation  of  societies  bearing  his  name,  and  whose 
pursuits  are  directed  to  the  course  prescribed  by  his  inculcations. 
A  few  extracts  from  a  letter  to  Mr.  Edwards,  at  the  period  to 
which  our  narrative  has  arrived,  will  be  read  as  an  illustration  of 
these  remarks. 


TO    BENJAMIN    EDWARDS. 

Richmond,  May  8,  1810. 
My  Dear  and  Revered  Friend  : 

I  have,  indeed,  great  cause  of  gratitude  to  Heaven.  I  will  not 
say  that  Providence  has  led  me,  but  that,  in  spite  of  the  reluctant 
and  rebellious  propensities  of  my  nature,  it  has  dragged  me  from 
obscurity  and  vice,  to  respectability  and  earthly  happiness. 

In  reviewing  the  short  course  of  my  life,  I  can  see  where  I 
made  plunges  from  which  it  seems  clearly  to  me  that  nothing  less 
than  a  divine  hand  could  ever  have  raised  me ;  but,  I  have  been 
raised,  and  I  trust  that  my  feet  are  now  upon  a  rock.  Yet,  can 
I  never  cease  to  deplore  the  years  of  my  youth,  that  I  have  mur- 
dered in  idleness  and  folly.  I  can  only  fancy,  with  a  sigh  of  un- 
willing regret,  the  figure  which  I  might  have  made,  had  I  devoted 
to  study  those  hours,  which  I  gave  up  to  giddy  dissipation,  and 
which,  now,  cannot  be  recalled.  I  have  read  enough  to  show  me, 
dimly  and  at  a  distance,  the  great  outline  of  that  scheme  of  literary 
conquest,  which  it  was  once  in  my  power  to  fill  up  in  detail.  I 
have  got  to  the  foot  of  the  mountain,  and  see  the  road  which 
passes  over  its  summit,  and  leads  to  the  promised  land ;  but,  it  is 
too  late  in  life  for  me.  I  must  be  content  to  lay  my  bones  on  the 
hither  side,  and  point  out  the  path  to  my  son.  Do  not  charge 
these  sentiments  either  to  a  weak  and  spiritless  despondency, 


284  REVIEW    OF    THE    PAST.  [1810. 

or  to  slug-gish  indolence.  I  know  that  a  good  deal  may  yet  be 
done,  and  I  mean,  as  far  as  I  can,  that  it  shall  be  done ;  yet,  com- 
paratively, it  will  be  but  a  drop  in  the  bucket.  Seven  and  thirty 
is  rather  too  late  for  a  man  to  begin  his  education;  more  espe- 
cially when  he  is  hampered  by  the  duties  of  a  profession,  and, 
in  this  age  of  the  world,  when  every  science  covers  so  much 
ground  by  itself.  What  a  spur  should  this  reflection  be  to  young 
men!  Yet  there  is  scarcely  one  in  ten  thousand  of  them,  who 
will  understand  or  believe  it,  until,  as  in  my  case,  it  comes  home 
to  the  heart,  when  it  is  too  late.  I  now  think  that  I  know  all 
the  flaws  and  weak  places  of  my  mind.  I  know  which  of  the 
muscles  want  tone  and  vigor,  and  which  are  braced  beyond 
the  point  of  health.  I  also  think  I  know  what  course  of  early 
traiiiing  would  have  brought  them  all  to  perform  their  proper 
functions  in  harmonious  concert.  But  now  the  character  of  my 
mind  is  fixed ;  and  as  to  any  beneficial  change,  one  might  as  well 
call  upon  a  tailor,  who  has  sat  upon  his  shop-board  until  the 
calves  of  his  legs  are  shrivelled,  to  carry  the  burthens  of  a  porter, 
or  upon  a  man,  whose  hand  is  violently  shaken  with  the  palsy,  to 
split  hairs  with  a  razor.  Such  as  it  is,  it  will  probably  remain, 
with  a  little  accession,  perhaps,  of  knowledge.  You  will  do  me 
injustice  if  you  infer  from  what  I  have  said,  that  I  am  sighing 
with  regret,  at  those  distant  heights  of  political  honors  which  lie 
beyond  my  reach.  I  do  not  know  whether  to  consider  it  as  a 
vice  or  virtue  of  my  nature,  but  so  far  am  I  from  sighing  for  po- 
litical honors,  that  I  pant  only  for  seclusion  and  tranquility,  in 
which  I  may  enjoy  the  sweets  of  domestic  and  social  love,  raise 
my  faculties,  by  assiduous  cultivation,  to  their  highest  attainable 
point,  and  prepare  for  that  state  of  future  existence  to  which  1 
know  that  I  am  hastening.  Nor  should  I  propose  to  myself,  in 
such  solitude,  to  forget  what  I  owe  to  my  country :  on  the  con- 
trary, I  think  I  could  be  much  more  solidly  useful,  in  that  situa- 
tion, than  in  one  more  public  and  active.  So  strongly  are  my 
hopes  and  wishes  fixed  on  this  life  of  sequestration  and  peace,  that 
if  you  ever  hear  of  my  having  entered  on  a  political  course,  you 
may  rely  upon  it  that  it  is  a  painful  and  heart-rending  sacrifice  to 
a  sense  of  public  duty.  I  hope,  and  trust  that  such  an  emergency 
is  scarcely  possible.  I  am  sure  that  it  is  very  improbable ;  be- 
cause, 1  believe,  there  will  always  be  those  who  are  much  better 


CHAP.  XVIII.]  COMMON    DEFECTS    OF    EDUCATION.  285 

qualified  for  public  offices,  and  certainly  far  more  anxious  for 
them  than  I  am.  At  the  same  time,  I  think  our  country  is,  at 
present,  very  badly  supplied  with  materials  for  future  legislation 
and  government.  I  cast  my  eyes  over  the  continent,  in  vain,  in 
quest  of  successors  to  our  present  patriots.  There  seems  to  me 
a  most  miserable  and  alarming  dearth  of  talents  and  acquirements 
among  the  young  men  of  the  U.  S.  I  have  sometimes  sat  down 
and  endeavored  to  fill  the  various  offices  in  the  government  with 
characters  drawn  from  those  who  are  made  known  to  us,  either 
personally,  or  by  fame.  But  so  far  am  I  from  finding,  among 
them,  a  man  fit  for  a  president,  that  I  cannot  even  find  persons 
fit  for  the  heads  of  departments.  What  has  become  of  the  ta- 
lents of  the  country  ^  Are  they  utterly  extinct  ?  Or  do  they 
merely  slumber ;  and  does  it  require  another  great  convulsion, 
like  our  revolutionary  war,  to  rouse  their  dormant  energies.?  I, 
myself,  think  that  it  proceeds,  in  a  very  great  degree,  if  not  alto- 
gether, from  defective  education.  Our  teachers,  themselves,  either 
want  learning,  or  they  want  the  address  necessary  to  excite,  into 
vigorous  action,  the  powers  of  the  mind.  Young  men  are  every 
where  turned  loose,  in  the  various  professions,  with  minds  half 
awake,  and  their  surface  merely  a  little  disturbed  with  science. 
This  is  not  the  way  great  men  have  been  made,  either  in  Eu- 
rope or  America.  As  long  as  this  system  is  pursued,  we  shall 
never  have  any  thing  but  political  quacks. 

******* 
You  will  no  doubt  have  seen,  in  the  public  papers,  the  loss  we 
have  suffered  in  the  premature  death  of  my  wife's  father.  Col. 
Robert  Gamble.  In  the  full  enjoyment  of  health  and  strength,  of 
uncommon  mental  and  corporeal  vigor,  in  the  active  and  pros- 
perous pursuit  of  his  business,  his  children  all  established,  sur- 
rounded by  his  grand-children  and  an  extensive  circle  of  sincere 
and  fervent  friends,  and  with  the  fairest  prospects  of  earthly  hap- 
piness opening  around  him  on  every  hand,  he  was  suddenly  killed, 
on  the  morning  of  the  12th  instant,  by  a  fall  from  his  horse.  He 
was  a  faithful  soldier  of  the  revolution,  a  sincere  and  zealous 
christian,  one  of  the  best  of  fathers,  and  honestest  of  men. 

******* 

Yours, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


286  DEATH    OF    COL.    GAMBLE.  [1810. 

The  last  portion  of  this  letter  refers  to  an  event  which  de- 
prived the  society  of  Riclimond  of  one  of  its  best  members. 
Colonel  Gamble  had  served  with  credit,  during  the  revolutionary 
war,  and  engaging  in  commerce,  soon  after  its  termination,  had 
amassed,  as  we  have  heretofore  had  occasion  to  remark,  a  con- 
siderable fortune  in  Richmond,  where  he  lived  honored  and  be- 
loved by  all  who  knew  him,  illustrating  the  benevolence  of  his 
character  by  many  acts  of  kindness  and  charity  to  those  around 
him.* 

The  succeeding  letters  will  show  that  the  occupations  of  the 
courts,  to  which  some  amusing  reference  is  made,  had  not  blunted 
the  edge  of  the  writer's  literary  appetite,  nor  entirely  deprived 
him  of  the  leisure  necessary  for  its  indulgence. 

TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  September  9,  1810. 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

I  received,  in  regular  course  of  mail,  your  favor  of  the  27th 
ultimo.  Brigg's  is  really  a  hard  case ;  and  I  will  endeavor,  al- 
though it  will  be  irregular,  to  introduce  the  Court  of  Appeals  to 
a  more  intimate  knowledge  of  it  than  the  records  will  furnish. 

*  He  was  born  in  the  neighborhood  of  Staunton,  where  his  father,  an  emigrant 
from  Scotland,  possessed  a  good  landed  estate.  At  the  breaking  out  of  the  war,  he 
entered  the  service  as  a  subaltern  officer,  having  just  married  a  Miss  Grattan,  who 
had,  at  an  early  age,  come  with  her  parents  from  Ireland,  being  remotely  connected 
with  the  family  of  the  distinguished  leader  of  the  Irish  Parliament  of  the  same 
name.  Col.  Gamble  served  until  the  peace,  and  then  established  himself  as  a  mer- 
chant in  Staunton,  whence  he  removed  to  Richmond.  Here  he  lived  in  the  enjoy- 
ment of  an  elegant  hospitality,  and  in  intimate  association  with  that  circle  which 
was  made  up  of  Chief  Justice  Marshall  and  his  contemporaries.  He  was  in  the 
habit  of  riding  every  morning  to  his  counting  room,  from  his  residence  on  Gamble's 
Hill,  as  it  is  yet  called  in  Richmond.  He  thus  met  his  death.  April  12th,  1810,  he 
was  riding  at  a  leisure  pace  down  one  of  the  streets,  near  the  river,  reading  a  news- 
paper, and  giving  but  little  attention  to  his  horse.  It  happened  that  some  buffalo 
skins  were  thrown  from  the  upper  story  of  a  warehouse,  as  he  was  passing  it ;  his 
horse  took  fright,  started  and  threw  him,  which  produced  concussion  of  the  brain, 
and  terminated  his  life  in  a  few  hours.  He  was  then  in  his  fifty-sixth  year.  He 
left  behind  him  two  sons,  who  now  are  both  living  in  Florida,  gentlemen  deservedly 
esteemed  for  their  personal  worth,  and  two  daughters,  with  whose  history  the  reader 
is  already  partially  acq  uainted. 


CHAP.  XVIII.]  LETTER    TO    CARR.  287 


♦  ♦***# 

My  ink  was  rather  too  thick  to  write  with  pleasure,  so  I  have 
thinned  it,  and  mended  my  pen; — and  now,  sir,  here's  at  you. 

Why  yes,  sir,  as  you  say,  it  is  a  pleasant  tiling  to  lead  the  life 
of  a  county  court  lawyer;  but  yet  (as  one  of  Congreve's  wittol 
squires  said,  when  his  guardian  bully  suffered  himself  to  be  kicked, 
and  called  it  pleasant)  "  it  is  a  pleasure  I  would  as  soon  be  with- 
out." Yet  I  doubt  not  that  your  sum  of  happiness  is  as  great,  if 
not  greater,  than  if  you  were  a  "  general  court  lawyer,"  as  the 
phrase  used  to  be. 

Those  same  returns  that  you  speak  of — My  God  !  Does  not  a 
man,  at  such  times,  live  as  much  in  a  minute  as,  in  ordinary  times, 
he  does  in  an  hour  or  a  day  ?  These  are  the  hreezes  of  which 
poets  and  orators  sing  and  say,  that  they  shake  the  atmosphere  of 
life,  and  keep  it  from  stagnation  and  pestilence.  I  know  that  your 
life  would  be  in  no  danger  of  stagnation  or  pestilence,  even  if 
you  were  to  live  forever  at  home :  yet,  I  imagine  that  there  is  no 
man,  however  happy  in  the  circle  of  his  family,  who  does  not 
find  himself  made  more  conscious  of  that  happiness,  and  his  feel- 
ings of  enjoyment  quickened  by  these  occasional  separations. 
This  is  the  w^ay  in  which  I  reconcile  myself  to  them  ;  since,  al- 
tliough  not  a  county  court  lawyer,  at  this  present^  I  am  doomed  to 
these  separations  as  well  as  you. 

As  to  the  labor  and  fatigue  which  you  undergo, — look  at  the 
health  whicli  you  derive  from  it,  and  the  consequent  clearness  of 
brain,  and  capacity  for  happiness.  Besides,  mark  the  majestic 
obesity  which  you  exhibit,  in  spite  of  all  your  exercise,  and  con- 
sider "  what  a  thing  you  would  be  if  you  were  bloated,"  as  Fal- 
staff  says, — by  inactivity. 

AVHien  I  think  of  the  mountain  scenery,  the  fine  air,  the  society 
of  nature,  in  Albemarle,  1  am  convinced  that  nothing  less  than  my 
being  doomed,  by  my  nativity,  to  the  life  of  a  wandering  Arab, 
would  have  rolled  me  through  Richmond,  to  Williamsburg,  to 
Norfolk,  and  back  here  again.  Even  now,  I  can  scarcely  per- 
suade myself  that  I  am  stationary ;  and,  should  not  be  at  all  sur- 
prised, ten  or  fifteen  years  hence,  (if  I  live  so  long,)  to  find  myself 
in  some  valley,  among  the  mountains  of  Pennsylvania. 

But, .to  return  to  the  life  of  a  county  court  lawyer.  ("Sir," 
say  you, — "  You  ought  not  to  wish  to  return  to  it." — I  hate  a  pun: 


288  LITERARY    ASPIRATIONS.  [ISIO. 

So,  Allans !)  What  I  object  to  it  for,  is  the  very  thing  I  ought 
most  to  covet,  the  corporeal  labor  to  which  it  subjects  one,  (not 
meaning  of  a  pun,  of  course, — (Curse  these  interlineations,  how 
they  puzzle  one!) — but  the  life  of  a  county  court  lawyer ;)  for,  as 
to  the  fatigue  of  the  mind,  I  do  suppose  that  we  are  much  more 
oppressed  than  you  are.  Our  courts,  for  example,  have  now 
begun,  and  we  have  no  more  intermission  from  labor,  not  even 
during  the  Sabbath,  until  about  Christmas.  The  few  last  days  of 
December  and  the  month  of  January,  belong  to  us ;  and  then, 
from  the  first  of  February  to  the  first  of  July,  we  are  slaves 
again.  Even  the  intervals  between  these  sessions,  if  we  were 
wise,  ought  to  be  devoted  to  preparation  for  the  ensuing  cam- 
paign,— so  that  it  is  literally  by  playing  the  truant,  that  we  have  a 
day  of  rest  from  our  labors. 

Now,  sir,  think  of  this,  and  remember  that  it  is  on  me  you 
would  pack  the  labors  of  "  the  Sylph,"  because  you  are  too  busy. 
I  much  fear  the  Sylph  is  doomed  never  to  see  the  light.  Pro- 
fessional labors  thicken  around  me  this  fall,  and  it  will  require  the 
most  intense  application,  on  my  part,  to  keep  pace,  even  with 
the  progress  of  my  little  name.  This  prospect  does  not  cheer 
me.  1  feel  as  if  the  waves  were  closing  over  my  head,  and  cut- 
ting me  off  from  all  that  delights  me.  To  be  buried  in  law  for 
eight  or  ten  years,  without  the  power  of  opening  a  book  of  taste 
for  a  single  day  !  "  O  horrible !  horrible  !  most  horrible  !"  O 
for  that  wealth  that  would  enable  me  to  wander  at  large  through 
the  fields  of  general  literature,  as  whim  or  feeling  might  direct, 
for  days,  and  weeks,  and  months  together,  and  thus  to  raise,  en- 
lighten and  refine  my  mind  and  heart,  until  I  became  a  fit  inhabi- 
tant for  those  brighter  fields  of  light  that  lie  above  us ! 

Do  you  think  that  a  fellow,  after  lorangling  and  crangling,  (as 
Daniel  Call  says,)  for  twenty  or  thirty  years  on  this  earth,  is  fit  to 
go  to  Heaven  ?  Don't  you  think  he  would  be  perpetually  dis- 
turbing the  inhabitants  by  putting  cases  of  law,  and  that  he  would 
be  miserable  for  the  want  of  a  dispute  ?  If  so,  well  may  it  be 
said,  "  Wo  unto  you,  ye  lawyers  !" — The  which  "  wo,"  I  think  it 
might  be  wise  in  us  to  interpret,  quadrupedantically,  and  cease 
from  our  wicked  labors.  But  what  can  we  do.''  "Aye! — there's 
the  rub  that  makes  calamity  of  so  long  life  ;  that  makes  us  rather 
bear  the  ills  we  have,  than  fly  to  others  that  we  know  not  of" 


CHAP.  XVIII.l      ANCIENT    AND    MODERN    ORATORY.  289 

But  more  of  this  anon.  For  the  present,  with  love  to  Mrs.  C. 
and  your  children,  not  forgetting  Frank,  adieu.  I  am  alone, — my 
wife  is  gone  back  to  Cabell's, — but,  nevertheless. 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

to  dabney  carr. 

Richmond,  December  17,  1810. 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

A  bill  introduced  by  Blackburn  to  increase  the  number  of 
Judges  in  the  Court  of  Appeals,  has  been  made  the  order  of 
this  day. 

This  measure,  I  apprehend,  is  too  important  to  be  disposed  of 
immediately ;  but  I  consider  it  as  the  harbinger  of  all  the  great 
measures  of  the  session,  and  the  signal  for  debate.  I  would 
recommend  it  to  you,  therefore,  to  be  here  in  the  course  of  this 
week,  or  at  all  events,  by  Sunday. 

I  am  told  that,  in  point  of  abilities,  we  have  a  better  House 

now  than  we  have  had  for  several  years.     Those  who  make  it  so 

must,  however,  be  all  young  men,  except  Col.  Monroe ;  and  of 

.the  young  men  our  system  of  education  is  too  defective  to  expect 

much.     How  little  does  it  resemble  a  Roman  senate ! 

Can  you  conceive  any  pleasure  superior  to  the  enjoyment  of 
hearing  a  debate,  on  a  great  public  measure,  conducted  by  such 
men  as  Cicero,  Cato,  Caesar,  and  their  compeers; — that  pleasure 
which  Sallust  so  often  tasted,  and  of  which  he  has  left  us  such 
brilliant  specimens  .-*  What  stores  of  knowledge  had  those  men, 
what  funds  of  argument,  illustration  and  ornament,  what  powers 
of  persuasion,  what  force  of  reason,  what  striking  and  impressive 
action,  what  articulate  and  melodious  elocution  ! — yet  each  speaker 
marked  with  a  character  of  his  own,  which  distinguished  him  from 
all  the  world, — the  sportive  amenity  of  Cicero,  the  god-like  dig- 
nity of  Cato. 

How  interesting  must  it  have  been,  to  listen  to  Julius  Cassar, 
and  watch  the  sly  operations  of  that  ambition  which  he  must  have 
curbed  with  so  much  difficulty  !  I  think  it  is  Plutarch  who  tells 
us  that  Cicero  said  of  Caesar,  "  that  when  he  saw  him  adjusting 
his  locks  with  so  much  care,  he  could  not  help  regarding  him 
VOL.  1—25 


290  LETTERS    TO    CARR.  [ISIO. 

with  some  degree  of  contempt,  as  a  fop  and  a  Irifler ;  but  when 
he  heard  him  speak,  he  trembled  for  his  country  !  "  or  something 
to  Ibis  effect. 

But,  without  going  back  to  Rome,  how  little  does  any  House 
that  we  have  had  for  some  years  past  resemble  the  House  in 
which  Jefferson,  Pendleton,  Henry,  Richard  H.  Lee,  Wythe, 
Bland  and  others  were  members  ;  or  the  Convention  which  ratified 
the  Constitution  ;  or  the  Assembly  of  '99-1800,  in  which  Madison, 
Giles,  John  Taylor  of  Caroline,  Brent,  Svvann,  Tazewell  and 
Taylor  of  Norfolk  were  members ! 

Yet,  without  any  extraordinary  prejudice  in  favor  of  antiquity, 
1  apprehend  that  we  have  never  yet,  by  any  of  our  Houses, 
matched  a  Roman  senate,  as  a  whole.  The  system  of  education 
at  Rome,  seems  to  have  been  such  a  one  as  to  turn  out  every  young 
man  accomplished,  at  all  points,  for  the  service  of  his  country. 
And  when  a  young  man  was  emulous  of  any  thing  extraordi- 
nary, he  visited  and  received  the  instructions  of  every  foreign 
school  distinguished  for  science  or  eloquence, — as  we  see  in  the 
example  of  Cicero, — and  thus  extracted  and  mingled  the  sweets  of 
every  exotic  and  indigenous  flower. 

When  will  our  young  men  ever  take  these  pains .''  For  1  per- 
suade myself  that  nothing  is  necessary  but  a  general  exertion, 
"  a  heave  together,"  aided  by  a  judicious  course  of  education, 
to  make  the  people  of  this  country  equal  to  any  in  the  world, 
ancient  or  modern. 

In  the  iew  instances  of  eminent  exertion  which  have  occurred, 
a  weight  of  mind  has  been  attained  which  has  rarely,  if  ever,  been 
surpassed  ;  that  is  to  say,  the  exertion  has  produced  the  effect 
which  was  aimed  at — knowledge,  strength,  discrimination  ;  but 
this  exertion  has  never  been  pointed  with  such  success  at  the  art 
of  public  debating,  as  to  bring  us  near  old  Rome. 

I  see,  in  the  last  number  of  Rees'  Cyclopaedia,  a  remark 
extracted  from  Thilwall's  Lectures  on  Elocution,  which  seems  to 
me  very  just :  he  says  that  our  inferiority  to  the  ancient  orators 
consists  not  in  the  substance  of  what  we  say,  but  in  the  manner  of 
it — that  is,  in  elocution,  which  includes  every  thing  that  relates  to 
the  delivery,  more  particularly  the  articulation  and  intonations  of 
the  voice,  together  with  the  time,  as  musicians  call  it. 


CHAP.  XVIII.]        ANCIENT    AND    MODERN    ORATORY.  291 

To  this  purpose,  what  engines  were  the  public  schools  of  elo- 
quence among  the  Romans,  and  still  more,  perhaps,  the  extempora- 
neous lectures  of  the  travelling  philosophers  from  Greece  !  What 
whetstones  to  the  emulation  of  young  men,  the  splendid  examples 
of  rhetoric  which  those  philosophers  were  every  day  exhibiting, 
and  the  raptures  of  applause  with  which  they  were  heard  !  Com- 
pared with  such  incentives  as  these,  how  dull  and  low  is  every 
thing  we  see  in  this  country  ! — a  jig  upon  the  banjo  of  an  ash- 
covered  negro,  compared  with  an  anthem  on  Handel's  organ  ! 

I  am  still  of  the  opinion  that  an  extemporaneous  lecturer,  well 
fitted  for  the  office,  might  perform  Avonders  for  the  young  men  of 
this  country.  What  might  not  Ogilvie  have  done,  if  his  enthu- 
siasm had  been  backed  by  the  genius  and  mellifluous  eloquence 
of  Plato ! 

It  is  true  that  experimental  philosophy  and  revelation  have 
taken  away  the  themes  of  the  Roman  and  Grecian  philosophers, 
in  a  very  great  degree  ;  but  themes  enough  still  remain  in  physics, 
ethics,  politics,  &c.  Think  of  such  a  man  as  Parson  Waddell, 
the  master  of  a  school  of  eloquence  ! 

Here  I  am  betrayed  into  an  essay,  when  I  only  sat  down  to  an- 
nounce to  you  that  I  thought  it  was  time  for  you  to  come  hither. 
It  is  well  enough,  however,  to  keep  down  your  expectations,  and 
prevent  such  another  disappointment  as  you  experienced  last 
winter  at  Washington. 

Some  years  ago,  Ritchie  drew  a  character  of  Tazewell,  in 
which  he  accounted  for  the  deficiency  of  the  State  Legislature 
by  saying  that  all  our  talents  had  gone  into  Congress.  What 
would  he  be  able  to  tell  an  observer,  now,  who  should  travel 
with  him  from  Richmond  to  Washington,  so  as  to  see  both 
Houses }     But  enough  of  this. 

We  shall  look  for  you  about  Friday,  and  thenceforward  till 
we  see  you. 

I  expect  Peachy  also;  and  Billy  Pope  is  to  be  in  town  at  the 
same  time.     He  is  full  of  anticipation. 

Remember  us  affectionately  to  Mrs.  C. ;  and  give  my  love  to 
your   brothers. 

Wm.  Wirt. 


292  LETTERS    TO    CARR.  [1810. 

TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  December  24,  1810. 
Mr  Dear  Friend: 

Your  two  favors  of  the  18th  and  20th  were  brought  me  yester- 
day morning,  while  at  breakfast.  And  although  the  intelligence 
that  we  were  not  to  see  you  until  the  10th  January  was  a  draw- 
back, to  which  I  am  not  yet  reconciled,  I  read  both  your  letters, 
but  especially  the  last,  with  unusual  pleasure. 

****** 
I   shall   immediately   announce   your   day,  both  to  Pope  and 
Peachy. 

The  author  of  the  essays  on  the  United  States  Bank,  is  a  very 
intimate  friend  of  mine,  and  one  who  is  very  strongly  disposed, 
and  anxious  to  be  equally  intimate  with  you.  It  is  Richard  E. 
Parker,  the  Judge's  grandson,  a  captain  of  horse  in  our  legion, — 
infandum  renovare  dolorem! — and  a  nephew  of  the  Colonel  Parker 
who  fell  at  Charleston. 

****** 
He  is  a  fine  fellow,  although  there  is  nothing  in  him  very 
striking  to  a  stranger.  As  a  member  of  the  House,  he  was  not 
popular.  He  spoke  his  mind,  on  all  occasions,  without  reserve, 
and  was  constantly  treading  on  somebody's  corns.  He  wanted 
experience  to  give  him  the  allowable  policy  and  insinuation  of 
a  popular  speaker.  But  I  think  his  pen  promises  to  be  a  very  fine 
one.  He  is  studious,  emulous,  and  is  already,  I  think,  a  versatile 
and  graceful  writer. 

****** 
He  was  with  me  the  other  evening,  and  I  imparted  to  him  our 
project  of  a  series  of  moral  and  literary  essays,  with  which  he 
was  delighted,  and  agreed  to  contribute,  provided  I  would  sit  at 
the  helm,  to  preserve  the  unity  of  course  and  character,  and  ex- 
punge, alter  or  reject,  any  thing  he  should  send  which  did  not 
meet  my  approbation ;  a  circumstance  which  I  mention  as  mark- 
ing his  modesty  and  discretion,  and  as  giving  you  my  pledge, 
(since  you  do  not  so  well  know  him,)  that  your  co-responsibility 
with  me,  will  not  be  increased  by  such  an  auxiliary. 

I  mentioned  to  him,  that  you  and  Frank  would  contribute,  and 
he  is  very  anxious  to  know  you  both.     I  will  endeavor  to  have 


CHAP.  XVIII.]         PROJECT    OF    THE    OLD    BACHELOR.  293 

him  in  Richmond  when  you  come  down ;  for,  at  present,  he  has 
gone  home  to  Westmoreland,  enraptured  with  the  scheme,  and 
has  promised  that  I  shall  soon  hear  from  him. 

Before  he  went,  we  agreed,  for  the  reasons  which  I  believe  I 
suggested  to  you, — the  too  palpable  fiction,  want  of  community  of 
character  and  interests,  and  unmanageability, — that  the  Sylph 
would  not  do.  So  I  have  hit  upon  another,  the  Old  Bachelor,  of 
which  you  will  see  two  numbers,  by  the  same  mail  which  carries 
this. 

I  like  the  plan  myself,  much.  It  gives  scope  for  all  sorts  of 
composition  ;  and  I  think,  the  adopted  children  of  the  Old  Bache- 
lor, will  enable  us  to  interweave  something  of  a  dramatic  interest 
with  the  work. 

I  shall  assign  the  young  doctor  to  Frank,  and  the  young  lawyer 
to  Parker.  You  and  I  will  manage  the  Old  Bachelor  and  the 
Niece.     How  do  you  like  it,  and  the  beginning  numbers } 

I  wish  you  to  bring  down  the  Sylph  with  you,  and  Frank's 
essay  upon  Doctor  Rush's  opinion  about  the  inferiority  of  women, 
in  the  form  of  a  letter,  addressed  to  his  Uncle  the  Old  Baclielor, 
the  key-note  of  which  he  will  see  in  the  third  number.  It  need  not 
have  the  air  of  being  intended  for  publication,  but  of  being  a  letter 
written  to  his  uncle  in  the  ordinary  course  of  correspondence. 

Your  story  of  Polemo  and  Xenocrates,  affected  me  almost  to 
tears  ;  but  they  were  tears  of  pleasure.  You  tell  it  exquisitely, 
and  beat  both  Boyle  and  Valerius  Maximus,  the  original  reporter 
of  the  story,  out  of  sight.  I  shall  have  it  in  the  Old  Bachelor. 
It  will  make  a  brilliant  catastrophe  to  an  essay  on  temperance. 

I  am  now  going  to  take  a  liberty  which  nothing  but  our  old  and 
fraternal  friendsliip  could  justify.  You  have  powers,  of  which 
you  do  not  seem  conscious ;  powers  which  require  but  a  little  ex- 
ertion, on  your  part,  to  unfold  them  to  the  public  eye,  in  the  van  of 
the  distinguished  men  on  the  continent.  If  you  would  devote 
your  hours  of  rest  from  your  profession,  to  science  and  literature 
on  a  bold  scale,  and  practice  your  pen  in  composition,  you  would 
soon  burst  from  the  shell  of  your  district,  and  take  the  station 
for  which  nature  designed  you. 

Neither  Voltaire  nor  Marmontel  ever  told  a  story  better  than 
your  Polemo.     I  mention  them,  because  I  think  your  pen  bears  a 
striking  resemblance  to  their  ease,  volubility,  and  sprightliness. 
VOL.  1—25* 


294  THE    OLD    BACHELOR.  [1810. 

O !  how  would  it  greet  my  soul,  to  lay  hold  of  your  arm,  and 
travel  with  you  up  the  steep,  to  that  same  Temple  with  the  female 
trumpeter  on  its  summit,  with  wings  expanded  and  on  the  last 
tip-toe  of  flight,  to  speed  her  news. 

You  know  me  too  well,  to  believe  these  remarks  complimen- 
tary, or  as  fishing  for  compliments  to  myself.  They  are  from 
my  inmost  soul,  and  proceed  from  an  earnest  desire  to  have  you 
all  that  nature  has  formed  you  capable  of  being.  I  think  you 
owe  it,  too,  to  the  memory  of  the  man  whose  name  you  bear; 
and  who,  if  he  had  lived  to  the  ordinary  stage  of  life,  would 
not  have  consented  to  expire  in  a  corner,  in  obscurity,  and  leave 
no  trace  of  that  name  on  the  rolls  of  Fame. 

When  I  first  knew  you,  about  fourteen  or  fifteen  years  ago,  you 
felt  as  you  ought  to  do  on  this  subject.  But  I  fear  Louisa  and 
Fluvanna,  have  almost  extinguished  the  generous  spark.  Let 
us  see  if  we  cannot  rekindle  it  in  the  Old  Bachelor.  I  am,  my- 
self, determined,  at  least,  to  spare  no  exertion  for  the  improve- 
ments of  the  mind,  which  I  have  too  long  wanted.  It  is  late, 
indeed,  to  begin ;  but  both  Scaliger  and  Hobbes  studied  mathe- 
matics after  forty.  That  is  some  consolation.  O  !  for  such  a  for- 
tune as  would  give  me  all  my  time  to  spend  as  I  please  !  But, 
since  this  is  vain,  let  us  do  the  best  we  can,  and  let  us  endeavor  to 
stimulate  our  countrymen  to  surpass  us. 

The  man  who  could  rouse  this  nation  from  the  indolence  and 
lethargy  of  peace,  and  spur  them  on  to  put  forth  all  their  powers, 
would  deserve  a  place  in  the  bulletin  of  to-morrow. 

Tell  me  that  you  do  not  take  these  personalities  amiss,  and  tell 
me  that  you  take  me  at  my  word. 

****** 

Our  love  to  you  all. 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CHAPTER    XIX. 

1811. 

THE  OLD  BACHELOR —CONTRIBUTORS  TO  IT— CHARACTER  OF  THE  WORK — 
AMUSING  CORRESPONDENCE  BETWEEN  WIRT  AND  CARR  IN  REFERENCE  TO 
IT CARR'S  PROMOTION  TO  THE  BENCH.— THE  POST  OF  ATTORNEY  GEN- 
ERAL VACANT WIRT  SPOKEN  OF— HIS  THOUGHTS  UPON  IT.— LETTER  TO 

HIS  DAUGHTER.— EMPLOYED  BY  MR.  JEFFERSON  IN  THE  BATTURE  CASE.— 
CORRESPONDENCE  WITH  MR/  J.  IN  REFERENCE  TO  DUANE.— MR.  MADISON 
AND  MR.  GALLATIN. 

The  letters  given  in  the  last  chapter,  have  reference  to  the 
publication  of  "  The  Old  Bachelor."  The  essays,  under  this 
title,  were  commenced  in  November,  1810,  and  were  continued 
during  the  greater  part  of  the  succeeding  year.  We  have  had 
frequent  occasion  to  notice  the  strong  inclination  of  Wirt's  mind 
for  literary  enterprise.  The  hope  of  achieving  something  hon- 
orable to  himself  in  this  way,  his  letters  shew  us,  was  the  pre- 
vailing fancy  of  his  meditations,  and  his  pleasantest  dream  of  the 
future.  Exercise  in  literary  composition,  we  have  remarked 
also,  was  a  prominent  observance  in  his  scheme  of  self-discipline 
and  study.  The  Rainbow  which,  the  reader  may  remember,  had 
employed  his  leisure  a  few  years  ago,  was  more  recently  suc- 
ceeded by  an  enterprise  of  the  same  kind, — the  publication  of 
some  essays,  under  the  title  of  "  The  Sylph,"  of  which  but  a  few 
numbers  had  seen  the  light,  before  they  were  abandoned  for  the 
better-considered  and  more  mature  scheme  of  the  Old  Bachelor. 
The  Old  Bachelor  reached  thirty-three  numbers.  It  is  a  series  of 
didactic  and  ethical  essays,  put  together  somewhat  after  the  model 
of  the  Spectator,  and  other  works  of  that  class,  which  once  ob- 
tained such  attractive  popularity  in  English  literature.  It  is  not 
too  much  to  say  of  these  essays,  that  they  may  be  compared, 
without  disparagement,  with  the  best  of  those  of  Addison  and 
Steele.  The  Old  Bachelor  was  originally  published  in  the  En- 
quirer. These  papers  were  afterwards  collected  in  two  vo- 
lumes, in  which  shape  they  reached  a  third  edition,  and  are  now 


296  THE    OLD    BACHELOR.  [1811. 

eminently  deserving  of  republication,  as  a  most  instructive  and 
agreeable  production  of  American  literature. 

In  this  enterprise,  Wirt  was  assisted  by  several  gentlemen  of 
Virginia,  amongst  whom  he  seems  to  have  turned,  with  the  surest 
expectation  of  valuable  aid,  to  his  friend  and  comrade,  Carr. 

In  the  dramatis  personam  of  the  Old  Bachelor,  the  chief  part  is 
borne  by  Dr.  Cecil,  which  was  sustained,  exclusively,  by  the  pen 
of  Wirt,  himself,  and  engrosses  much  the  largest  share  of  these 
volumes.  A  letter  from  Squaretoes,  in  the  ninth  number,  I  believe, 
is  all  that  was  contributed  by  Carr.  Galen  and  Alfred  were  con- 
signed to  two  young  friends.  Dr.  Frank  Carr,  of  Albemarle,  and 
Richard  E.  Parker,  a  gentleman  who  was  subsequently  a  member 
of  the  Senate  of  the  United  States.  Melmoth  was  furnished  by 
Dr.  Girardin,  of  Richmond,  the  author  of  a  valuable  history  of 
Virginia.  There  were  some  other  contributions  supplied  by 
Judge  Tucker,  David  Watson,  of  Louisa,  and  Mr.  George 
Tucker,  who  has,  since  that  period,  attained  to  high  distinction, 
as  a  professor  of  moral  philosophy  in  the  University  of  Virginia, 
and  as  the  author  of  the  biography  of  Mr.  Jefferson  and  other 
works  of  approved  value,  which  have  brought  him  to  the  ac- 
quaintance and  esteem  of  a  large  number  of  readers  throughout 
the  Union.  There  may  have  been  other  contributors  to  the  Old 
Bachelor,  whose  names  have  escaped  me. 

Without  underrating  the  papers  which  have  been  supplied  by 
the  coadjutors  in  the  enterprise,  we  may  say  of  those  from  the 
pen  of  Wirt,  that  they  give  the  principal  attraction  to  the 
book.  They  are,  undoubtedly,  the  best  of  all  his  literary  compo- 
sitions ;  and  in  the  perusal  of  them  we  are  constantly  led  to  repeat 
our  regrets,  that  one  so  endowed  with  the  most  valuable  and,  at 
the  same  time,  pleasant  gifts  of  authorship,  had  not  been  favored 
by  fortune  with  more  leisure  and  opportunity  for  the  cultivation 
and  employment  of  a  talent  so  auspicious  to  his  own  fame  and  so 
well  adapted  to  benefit  his  country. 

We  have  remarked  of  Wirt  that  his  life  is  peculiarly  fraught 
with  materials  for  the  edification  of  youth.  His  career  is  full  of 
wholesome  teaching  to  the  young  votary  who  strives  for  the  re- 
nown of  an  honorable  ambition.  Its  difliculties  and  impediments, 
its  temptations  and  trials,  its  triumphs  over  many  obstacles,  its 
rewards,  both  in  the  self-approving  judgment  of  his  own  heart, 


CHAP.  XIX.]  THE    OLD    BACHELOR.  297 

and  in  the  success  won  by  patient  labor  and  well-directed  study ; 
and  the  final  consummation  of  his  hopes,  in  an  old  age  not  less 
adorned  by  the  applause  of  good  men,  than  by  the  serene  and 
cheerful  temper  inspired  by  a  devout  Christian  faith ; — all  these 
present  a  type  of  human  progress  worthy  of  the  imitation  of 
the  young  and  gifted,  in  which  they  may  find  the  most  powerful 
incentives  towards  the  accomplishment  of  the  noblest  ends  of 
a  generous  love  of  fame. 

We  may  discern  in  every  studied  literary  effort  of  his  a 
strong  inclination  to  address  himself  more  to  the  rising  generation 
than  to  that  which  is  passing  away.  His  letters  are  full  of  this 
purpose.  His  many  visions  of  future  ease  and  enjoyment  all  seem 
to  derive  their  attraction  from  the  contemplation  of  the  good  he 
might  confer  in  directing  the  education  and  pursuits  of  ingenuous 
and  talented  youth.  The  Old  Bachelor  is  emphatically  the  reali- 
zation of  some  such  hope,  long  vaguely  entertained  but  now 
furnished  with  the  means  and  occasion  for  utterance.  It  is  a 
precious  book  for  the  young  American  reader :  it  deals  in  topics 
to  excite  his  national  pride  and  emulation :  it  points  out  his  road 
to  duty  and  renown,  with  a  delicate  and  discriminating  skill ;  and 
beguiles  him  to  the  cultivation  of  the  severest  virtues,  with  a  charm 
so  potent  as  almost  to  convert  the  rugged  and  laborious  track  of 
discipline  into  a  "  primrose  path  of  dalliance." 

These  essays  have  a  peculiar  merit  from  being  the  rapid  and 
simple  effusions  of  the  mind  of  the  author,  thrown  off  with  unaf- 
fected negligence,  and  frequently  even  without  revision.  They 
seem  to  have  been,  often,  the  unstudied  suggestions  of  moments 
snatched  from  professional  duty,  and  to  have  been  committed  to 
the  press  whilst  yet  glowing  with  the  first  ardor  of  composition. 
Occasionally,  we  have  an  essay  of  the  highest  finish  and  full  of  the 
impassioned  eloquence  of  the  writer ;  but  we  recognize,  in  the 
greater  part  of  these  papers,  the  reflex  of  a  mind  delighted  with 
its  task  as  a  pastime,  and  flinging  abroad  its  thoughts,  like  the 
involuntary  transpirations  of  a  healthy  body,  without  a  conscious- 
ness of  efibrt  or  labor.  Wirt's  style  has  often  been  reproved,  by 
judicious  critics,  for  its  profusion  of  ornament  and  too  gorgeous 
display  of  rhetorical  costume.  His  imagination  has  been  charged 
with  too  often  taking  the  reins  from  his  judgment.  The  ardor  of 
his  temperament,  we  must  admit,  not  unfrequently  has  infused  into 


298  THE    OLD    BACHELOR.  [1811. 

his  writings  a  glow  which  might  be  reduced  in  tone  without  im- 
pairing the  strength  of  his  style, — indeed,  even  adding  to  its  vigor 
and  imparting  to  it  a  more  classic  severity.  But  the  reader  of  the 
Old  Bachelor  will  find  these  essays  less  open  to  that  objection 
than,  perhaps,  any  other  of  Wirt's  compositions.  They  seem  to 
be  all  the  better  for  the  unstudied  haste  in  which  they  have  been 
written.  The  young  writer  is  often  told,  by  way  of  precept  in 
his  art,  to  erase  from  his  manuscript  whatever  passage  has  struck 
him  in  the  composition  as  being  particularly  tine  :  Always  suspect 
yourself  when  you  perpetrate  what  you  think  fine  writing ;  good 
taste  is  apt  to  revolt  at  the  effort  to  produce  what  is  called  effect. 
The  essays  of  Dr.  Cecil  furnish  but  iew  occasions  for  the  appli- 
cation of  this  precept. 

In  the  correspondence  which  now  follows,  the  reader  will 
peruse,  with  no  little  pleasure,  the  letters  between  the  two  friends 
who  have  been  so  frequently  introduced  into  these  pages.  Wirt 
and  Carr  are  here  in  communion,  chiefly  upon  the  topics  of  the 
Old  Bachelor  and  the  impressions  these  essays  were  making  upon 
the  public.  The  correspondence,  also,  touches  another  subject  in 
which  the  friendship  of  one  writer  and  the  modesty  of  the  other 
are  most  agreeably  illustrated.  Some  vacancies  were  about  to 
take  place  in  the  arrangement  of  the  Judiciary  of  the  State,  and 
Wirt  was  affectionately  solicitous  that  his  worthy  friend  should 
accept  of  an  appointment  to  the  Bench,  which  was  likely  to  be 
offered  to  him.  The  letters  will  show,  in  a  most  attractive  point 
of  view,  the  disinterested  and  anxious  regard  with  which  Wirt 
pressed  the  acceptance,  and  the  amiable  self-distrust  and  diffi- 
dence with  which  Carr  received  the  appointment  when  it  was 
finally  conferred  upon  him.  Without  further  comment  upon 
these  pleasant  passages  between  two  excellent  men,  I  submit 
to  my  readers  these  letters,  partially  abridged, — asking  those 
who  peruse  them  to  keep  in  mind,  that  they  belong  to  a 
private,  confidential  correspondence  held  at  a  time  when  the 
writers  exulted  in  all  the  hopes  of  the  prime  of  manhood,  and 
spoke  to  each  other  in  the  playful  temper  of  friends  who  had  no 
secrets  in  their  companionship,  nor  motive  to  suppress  the 
expression  of  any,  the  wildest,  freak  of  the  glad  and  jovial  spirit 
which  presided  over  their  intimacy. 


CHAP  XIX. ]  LETTER    FROM    CARR.  299 

We  take  up  this  correspondence  with  an  extract  of  a  letter 
from  Carr,  which  contains  an  amusing  account  of  a  visit  lie  had 
just  made  to  Dunlora,  the  seat,  as  the  reader  is  aware,  of  his 
brother  Col.  Samuel  Carr,  in  the  neighborhood  of  Charlottesville, 
where  the  Old  Bachelor  had  been  the  topic  of  conversation. 
The  work  had,  at  this  time,  reached  the  twelfth  or  thirteenth 
number,  and  the  author  was  still  unknown,  beyond  a  current 
suspicion.  Carr  had  just  returned  from  Richmond,  where  he  had 
been  Wirt's  guest,  and  was,  therefore,  supposed  to  know  all  about 
the  book.  He  had  himself  also  written  Squaretoes  in  the  ninth 
number,  which  the  company  at  Dunlora  had  all  read. 

"  I  met  there,"  he  says  in  this  letter,  "  Peter  Minor  and  his 
wife,  Dabney  Minor  and  my  brother  Peter,  who  all  made  affec- 
tionate inquiries  after  you.  Very  soon,  the  conversation  turned  on 
the  Old  Bachelor.  They  seemed  to  think  I  must  know  all  about 
it,  I  observed,  gravely,  if  you  were  the  author,  you  kept  it 
very  close,  for  you  denied  it  to  your  best  friends.  'As  to  that,' 
said  Old  Straws,*  'I  feel  as  certain  that  he  wrote  the  papers,  as 
if  I  had  seen  him  at  it.'  I  remarked,  that  if  you  did,  indeed, 
write  them,  you  must  have  taken  very  little  time  about  it,  for  that 
I  was  with  you  almost  the  whole  time,  and  saw  nothing  of  it. 
Peter  Minor  solved  this  doubl  by  saying,  that  he  suspected  the 
pieces  were  all  written,  for  many  numbers  aliead,  before  any 
were  published.  Here  my  brother  Peter  put  in  again: — 'As  to 
Love-truth,  he  could  not  pretend  to  say ;  but  Squaretoes,  he  was 
certain,  was  not  by  the  Old  Bachelor:  he  could  see  the  pen  of 
George  Tucker  in  every  line  of  it :  the  phrases  were  all  his, 
particularly,  '  I  scorn  your  words.' '  As  another  proof  that  it 
was  not  by  the  Old  Bachelor,  he  said,  '  There  was  a  warmth,  and 
even  a  harshness,  in  the  Bachelor's  reply,  in  the  next  number,  be- 
yond what  the  occasion  called  for, — especially  in  his  remarks  on 
the  Squaretoes  library.  For,'  he  maintained,  '  there  was  not  even 
a  shadow  of  disrespect  shown  to  the  Bible  by  Obadiah  :  he  was 
only  enumerating  the  family  books ;  and,  amongst  tliese,  he  gave 
the  Bible  the  first  place,  and  Mrs.  Glass  the  last.'  All  this  was 
nuts  to  me.     By-the-bye,  my  wife  is  convinced  as  to  the  author  of 

*  A  jocular  designation,  it  seems,  of  Peter  Carr. 


300  LETTER    TO    CARR.  [1811. 

Squaretoes.  You  remember,  I  told  you  I  suspected  the  bed  of 
Justice,  held  by  Squaretoes  and  his  dame,  would  be  apt  to  betray 
me.  It  was  even  so.  This,  together  with  my  abuse  of  ridicules, 
which  she  has  often  heard  from  me  before,  satisfied  her.  Frank, 
also,  had  his  suspicions.  But  my  brother  Peter  overruled  him, 
with  a  voice  of  authority." 


TO  DABNEY  CARR. 

Richmond,  February  10,  1811. 
My  Dear  Friend: 

Although  rather  tardy,  I  take  the  first  twenty  minutes  I  could 
call  my  own,  since  the  arrival  of  your  letters,  to  acknowledge  the 
favor. 

I  enjoyed,  very  highly,  the  scene  at  Dunlora.  The  sage  guesses 
of  the  two  Peters,  and  the  twisting  of  your  mouth,  and  working 
of  your  eye-brows,  which  I  discerned  as  distinctly  as  if  I  had 
been  gifted  with  the  old  Domine's  deuteroscopy. 

******* 

The  Old  Bachelor,  you  perceive,  begins  to  shew  the  effect  of 
age.  He  moves  slowly,  and  halts  most  horribly.  The  truth 
is,  that  the  Court  of  Chancery  has  begun,  and  the  old  fellow 
cannot  be  expected  at  his  time  of  life,  to  carry  double.  Nothing 
from  Parker  yet.     Is'nt  Frank  ashamed  of  himself.'' 

The  vacation  of  induced  me  to  take  an  unauthorized 

liberty  with  a  friend  of  mine,  so  far  as  to  talk  with  some  of  the 
heads  of  the  Lower  House ;  but,  they  were  all  pre-occupied,  or 
seemed  "  to  smell  the  business  with  a  sense,  as  cold  as  is  a  dead 
man's  nose ;"  and,  as  I  did  not  choose  to  commit  that  same  friend, 
on  an  uncertainty,  I  said  no  more.  But  it  is  inconceivable  what 
an  alarm  the  mere  suggestion  of  such  a  rival  produced  among  the 
candidates.     Upon  the  whole,  'tis  all  well. 

****** 

We  are  well.     Cabell,  his  wife  and  Co.,  are  here.     Would 
you  were  with  us  ! 

I  am  in  a  storm  of  children.     Our  love  to  you  and  yours. 

Dinner  is  just  ready. 

Wm.  Wibt. 


CHAP.  XIX.]  THE    OLD    BACHELOR.  301 

Carr  had  written  another  paper  for  the  Old  Bachelor, — a 
letter  from  Grace  Squaretoes.  He  had  no  recognition  of  it  from 
his  friend,  and  had  not  yet  received  the  short  letter  of  the  10th, 
which  we  have  just  read. 


FROM    CARR   TO    WIRT. 

"Charlottesville,  February  11,  1811. 
"Mi  Care  Eras: 

"  I  take  it,  you  are  a  man  of  your  word, — a  most  rare  example 
of  a  punctual  correspondent.  When  we  parted,  your  last  in- 
junction, enforced  by  a  cordial  shake  of  the  hand,  was,  '  write 
often.' 

******* 

"  Nearly  four  weeks  gone  by,  and  not  one  line  from  you  !  No, 
not  a  word !  Reflecting  on  this  matter,  I  have  supposed  it  pos- 
sible that  your  silence  has  been  caused  by  that  same  letter  of 
Grace's.  It  was  a  hasty  indiscretion,  overlooked  but  once,  and 
instantly  closed  and  sent  off.  I  have  no  doubt  it  is  a  poor  thing. 
Now,  I  have  thought  it  possible  that,  not  finding  it  to  your  pur- 
pose, you  have  felt  reluctant  to  tell  me  so,  and  seeing  that  you 
could  not  well  write  without  saying  something  about  it,  you  have 
been  silent.  If  this  should  be  the  case,  as  I  do  not,  in  fact,  be- 
lieve, it  would  really  mortify  me, — not  that  the  piece  was  re- 
jected, but  that  you  should  have  any  difficulty  in  telling  me  so. 
*  *  *  Could  you  think  so  poorly  of  me  as  to 

suppose,  for  a  moment,  I  could  not  bear  the  rejection  of  a  baga- 
telle of  mine  .'' 

******* 

"  I  have  ventured  to  let  Old  Straws  into  the  secret.  I  thought 
it  best ;  for,  not  being  trusted,  he  felt  no  restraint  and  asserted  as 
confidently  that  you  were  the  author,  as  if  he  had  had  the  most 
positive  information.  I  was  in  hopes,  too,  he  would  contribute  ; 
and  he  has,  indeed,  promised  me  that  he  would  try  his  hand. 
******* 

"  Frank  is  still  recreant,  but  he  promises  still.    *  *     ." 


VOL.  1—26 


302  CORRESPONDENCE    WITH    CARR. 


[1811. 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  February  15,  1811. 
My  Dear  Dabney  : 

I  have  received  your  rebuke  of  the  11th  inst.,  and  would  plead 
guilty  to  it  if  I  had  not  written  you,  at  least,  one  short  letter, 
last  Monday,  and  had  not  been  so  constantly  occupied  by  the 
Court  of  Chancery  and  by  company,  as  to  leave  me  no  time  for 
any  thing  else. 

Of  the  constancy  as  well  as  the  importunity  of  these  engage- 
ments, you  will  be  able  to  form  a  proper  estimate,  when  you  dis- 
cover that  I  have  not  been  able,  this  week,  to  take  even  a  short 
airing  on  my  hobby,  the  Old  Bachelor. 

I  acknowledge  your  goodness  in  having  given  me  three  ex- 
cellent letters  since  your  departure.  Of  that  which  describes  the 
Dunlora  scene,  I  have  already  written.  It  was  a  good  one.  I 
entirely  approve  of  your  communication,  since,  to  our  brother 
Peter.  Indeed  secrecy,  though  I  feel  its  importance  now  more 
than  ever,  seems  to  be  impossible.  Joe  Cabell,  to  whom  Read 
imparted  it  through  mistake,  told  me,  when  I  enjoined  secrecy 
upon  him,  that  I  resembled  the  ostrich,  hiding  his  head  while 
his  whole  body  was  exposed  to  the  world. 

Miss  Grace  is,  I  think,  a  lass  of  grace.  But  I  will  take  the 
liberty  of  telling  you,  that  I  have  seen  you  in  moments  of  happier 
inspiration,  when  you  could  have  made  more  of  the  damsel  than 
you  have  done.  When  I  wrote  you  on  Sunday,  I  had  determined 
to  give  her  to  the  world,  without  touching  one  thread  of  her 
dress;  but  I  think  now,  I  will  make  free  enough  to  alter  a  little 
the  set  of  her  cap  and  fixture  of  her  tucker.  No,  sir,  I  have  no 
more  fear  of  offending  or  wounding  you,  by  changing  or  rejecting 
one  of  your  essays,  than  if  it  were  one  of  my  own  ;  and,  as  I  have 
taken  both  these  liberties  with  several  of  mine,  so  will  I  take 
them  with  yours,  as  often  as  there  shall,  in  my  opinion,  be  occa- 
sion. 

I  beg  you  to  continue  the  use  of  your  stimulants  to  our  brother 
Peter.  He  is  a  fellow  of  such  various  and  ample  reading,  and  of 
such  just  and  copious  thought  and  splendid  diction,  that  I  should 


CHAP.  XIX.] 


THE    OLD    BACHELOR.  303 


think  it  impossible  for  any  thing  to  fall  from  his  pen,  but  what 
would  do  credit  to  the  Old  Bachelor.  I  should  think  he  would 
shine  in  the  department  of  criticism  and  of  fancy.  Cannot  he 
give  us  an  oriental  or  occidental  tale,  or  an  allegory,  or  any 
thing  of  that,  or  any  other  sort?  The  epistolary  style  would, 
perhaps,  put  him  more  at  his  ease;  and,  it  would  cost  him  very 
little  effort,  I  should  think,  to  address  a  letter  to  Doctor  C . 

What  you  tell  me  of  the  increasing  fame  of  the  Old  Bachelor, 
is  calculated,  in  some  degree,  to  dispel  the  lassitude  that  is  be- 
ginning to  creep  upon  me  in  relation  to  the  old  fellow. 

I  very  frankly  confess  to  you,  (though  I  would  not  do  it  to 
every  body,)  that  1  am  tired  of  the  project,  even  before  I  have 
reached  the  principal  subject,  education.  But,  besides  this,  our 
courts  are  now  made  perpetual,  and  the  Old  Bachelor  is  rather  in 
the  way  of  my  business.  I  do  not  mean,  by  this,  that  1  have  re- 
solved to  drop  him  altogether;  but,  that  he  will  see  the  light 
much  more  rarely  than  heretofore. 

I  am  only  able  to  attend  to  him  of  nights  ;  and  these,  besides  the 
calls  of  the  law,  are  very  much  at  the  mercy  of  visitors.  To  this 
latter  cause  it  is,  in  a  great  degree,  owing  that  there  is  no  num- 
ber this  week. 

Frank  is  a  dastardly  fellow.     I  had  thought  him  a  Corinthian — 

a  lad  of  metal, — but  I  now  discover  that  he  is no  better  than 

he  should  be.     Parker  has  not  given  me  a  single  line. 

I  have  no  more  time  to  write  now ;  and  all  this  being  about  the 
Old  Bachelor,  does  not  look  much  as  if  I  was  tired  of  it. 

Our  love  to  you,  and  Mrs.  C.  and  children. 

Wm.  Wirt. 


FROM    CARR   TO    WIRT. 

"Charlottesville,  February  18,  1811. 

"My  Dear  Friend: 

******* 

"  With  respect  to  that  rebuke  of  mine,  as  you  call  it,  you  know 
I  only  meant  to  show  you  that  I  was  very  anxious  to  hear  from 
you ;  and,  whenever  I  give  you  cause,  or  you  take  it  into  your 
head  that  I  do,  you  shall  abuse  me  in  turn,  and  I  will  say,  '  you 
are  welcome,  brother  Shandy,  if  it  were  fifty  times  as  much.' 


304  CORRESPONDENCE    WITH    CARR.  [1811. 

"  Poor  Grace  !  I  certainly  used  her  scurvily.  My  excuse  is, 
that  she  was  done  up  in  too  great  a  hurry.  Alter  not  only  her 
cap  and  tucker,  but — asking  her  pardon — you  may  strip  her  alto- 
gether, if  you  like,  and  dress  her  to  your  mind.  I  fear,  however, 
that  the  story  my  old  master,  Maury,  used  to  tell  his  pupils  a  hun- 
dred times,  of  Pope  and  the  link  boy,  will  be  applicable  to  her. 
You  knew  the  old  gentleman.  He  doated  on  a  good  story.  It 
was  our  practice  to  write  a  Latin  exercise  on  a  slate,  and  take  it 
to  him  of  a  morning.  If  there  was  any  false  Latin,  he  marked  it 
with  a  pencil,  and  we  had  to  mend  it.  When  it  was  very  bad,  he 
sometimes  rubbed  out  the  whole.  Then  came  the  old  story : 
'  Did  you  ever  hear  the  story  of  Pope  and  the  link  boy  ?' 

"*No,  sir.' 

"  '  I'll  tell  it  to  you.  Pope,  the  poet,  was  a  homely  little  fellow, 
somewhat  deformed.  When  any  thing  surprised  him,  or  hap- 
pened suddenly,  he  had  a  way  of  crying  out,  '  God  mend  me !' 
One  night,  as  he  was  walking  the  street,  he  called  a  link  boy — a 
shabby  looking  dog — to  light  him  on  his  way.  Presently  he 
stumbled,  and  falling,  cried  out,  '  God  mend  me  !'  '  Lord,  sir  !' — 
says  the  boy — '  mend  you  ?  He'd  better  undertake  to  make  two 
new  ones.' 

"  The  good  old  man  was  so  pleased  with  the  wit  of  the  story, 
that  the  boys  generally  got  off  without  further  scolding. 
******* 

"  Frank  is,  as  you  say,  a  terrible  rascal.  I  tell  him  so,  and 
abuse  him  shockingly.  He  is  about  it,  and  about  it ;  but  when 
he  will  be  done,  nobody  knows." 

TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  February  27,  1811. 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

I  snatch  a  morning  before  breakfast  to  thank  you  for  your  favor 
of  the  18th. 

****** 

You  must  excuse  the  tardiness  of  Miss  Grace's  appearance. 
I  am  reserving  her  till  I  have  leisure  to  play  the  dressing-maid 
to  her.  But  do  not  be  alarmed  for  her  native  graces, — I  shall  do 
very  little,  and  that  little  will  not  affect  the  simplicity  of  her 


CHAP.  XIX.]  THE    OLD    BACHELOR.  305 

appearance.  I  shall  bring  her  out  on  a  holiday,  and  make  "  the 
town-bred  fair"  blush  at  her  superiority. 

I  have  several  correspondents  on  my  hands,  (I  mean  in  my 
character  of  the  Old  Bachelor,)  who  embarrass  me  not  a  little. 

One  of  them,  entre  nous,  is .     But  I  am  obliged  to  strangle 

his  offspring  in  the  birth  as  monstrous :  and  monstrous  you  will 

think  them  when  you  learn  that  they  are  to  be  rejected,  while 

is  to  be  chosen.  By-the-bye,  we  were  too  hasty  in  giving  that 
promise  ;  for  I  shall  have  so  much  ado  to  mend  him,  that  I  am,  in 
relation  to  him,  exactly  within  the  rule  of  Pope's  link-boy. 

Yes — poor  old  Parson !  I  well  know  how  he  could  tell  the 

same  story  with  unabated  pleasure.  D''ye  mind, — as  the  Scotch- 
Irish  say  over  the  Ridge, — the  way  he  had  of  reciting  Horace's 
Odes ;  asking  you,  in  a  conversational  voice,  rather  piano  and  in 
alto,  if  you  remembered  that  beautiful  ode  beginning,  "  Stet  alta 
nive  candidum  Soracte,"  and,  at  the  reciting  part,  dropping 
abruptly  into  the  pulpit  dirge  ?  Well,  he  was  a  good  old  fellow, 
and  I  remember  him  with  even  more  esteem  and  affection  than  I 
was  conscious  of  feeling  for  him  when  living. 

****** 

I  have  another  piece  from  G.,  rather  better  than  the  former. 
I  have  several,  too,  from  G.  T.,  two  of  which  you  will  see  in 
number  fifteen — the  letters  from  Vamper  and  Schryphel.  All  the 
rest  of  the  number  is  Cecil's.  To  take  the  point  of  the  con- 
cluding paragraph  of  O'Flannagan's  letter,  you  must  read  the  close 
of  Blackburn's  advertisement  in  the  last  Enquirer.  He  is  the 
mathematical  professor  at  William  and  Mary  College ;  a  capital 
mathematician,  but  one  of  the  most  imprudent  of  Irishmen, — which 
is  saying  a  bould  icord. 

****** 

I  have  received,  from  various  quarters,  the  most  encouraging 
evidences  of  the  success  of  the  Old  Bachelor.  Doctor  Hare, 
(who,  I  hope,  as  he  and  all  his  old  friends  do,  has  been  brought 
back  to  life  and  his  old  constitution,  by  his  late  salivation — 
having  every  evidence  of  health  except  flesh  and  strength,  which 
he  is  fast  recovering, — and  who  desires  to  be  most  affectionately 
remembered  to  you,)  Dr.  Hare,  /  say,  (Blair !)  writes  me  that 
L.  C.  is  enraptured  with  the  Old  Bachelor.  They  concur  in  think- 
ing it  will  be  of  great  service.  Tucker  writes  that  it  is  doing 
VOL.  1—26* 


306  CORRESPONDENCE    WITH    CARR.  [1811, 

good  to  the  country,  and  honor  to  its  author.  Judge  Nelson  calls 
it  a  most  noble  and  honorable  enterprise.  *  *  * 

These  things,  and  many  more  which  I  hear,  (such  as  that  the  sub- 
scribers to  the  Enquirer  have  very  much  increased  in  consequence 
of  it,)  not  only  encourage  me  to  go  on,  but  enforce  your  sentiment 
that  it  is  a  duty ;  and  on  I  shall  go,  as  fast  and  as  well  as  I  can, 
for  my  professional  engagements.  In  the  meantime,  you,  who 
live  in  the  country,  must  watch  and  tell  me  when  my  readers  are 
getting  tired,  and  when  they  censure  either  the  matter  or  the 
manner. 

Frank  is  a  scurvy  rascal ;  and  if  he  does  not  make  haste,  I  will 
impale  him  in  the  face  of  that  public  to  whom  I  have  extolled 
him.  After  seeing  what  light  things  we  occasionally  publish,  why 
should  the  rascal  be  holding  his  head  so  high.?  His  head,  did  I 
say  ?  "  He  has  a  head,  and  so  has  a  pin."  Let  him  take  that 
and  put  it  in  his  pocket. 

What  from  Don  Pedro  } 

***•♦** 

I  am — why  need  I  tell  you  what } 

Wm.  Wirt. 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  March  8,  1811. 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

Our  friend  Kinney  has  long  since  informed  you,  in  detail, 
wherefore  (as  our  Chancellor  says,)  we  acted  as  we  did  in  relation 
to  you  last  winter :  i.  e.,  why  we  did  not  act  all.  The  judicial 
vacancy  on  which  we  had  our  eye,  not  having  been  created,  there 
was  an  end  of  that  project.  Another  has  now  occurred.  James 
Pleasants  has  resigned  the  office  of  Judge  of  the  Court  of  Appeals  ; 
and  Tucker,  (this  is  for  the  present  a  profound  secret  which  every 
body  knows,)  will  resign  in  the  course  of  the  month.  This 
creates  two  vacancies  in  the  Court  of  Appeals;  don't  be 
alarmed, — it  is  not  that  Court  I  am  thinking  of  for  you  now. 
But  those  two  vacancies,  so  as  aforesaid  created  and  to  be  created, 
must  be  filled ;  and  it  is  pretty  well  ascertained,  will  be  filled  by 
Stuart  and  Cabell.     To  Stuart's  circuit,  I  suppose  Coalter  will 


CHAP.  XIX.]  THE    JUDGESHIP.  307 

fall  heir ;  and  I  presume  you  would  not  have  Coalter's :  but  what 
say  you  to  Cabell's .''  He  says  it  is  a  most  delightful  circuit.  It 
includes  Powhatan, — in  the  which  county,  in  the  vicinity  of 
Pleasants  and  Pope,  you  might  easily  locate  yourself  upon  a  little 
farm,  and  live  in  primeval  innocence  and  happiness. 

I  know  it  is  a  heart-string-snapping  sort  of  business  to  quit 
Charlottesville  and  its  purlieus.  Would  it  then  be  possible  for 
you  so  to  arrange  with  Coalter  as  to  keep  the  Charlottesville 
district  ?    These  things  you  must  think  of,  and  arrange  as  you  can. 

^  -R-  *  ^  *  tF 

There  is  no  division  of  opinion  among  your  friends  here, 
that  you  ought  to  accept,  if  it  shall  be  tendered,  an  appointment 
by  the  Council ;  because,  examining  the  subject  with  all  possible 
calmness,  we  have  no  doubt  of  your  confirmation  by  the  Legisla- 
ture ;  and  of  your  appointment  by  the  Council  I  have  very  little 
fear.  There  is  Hare — (who  is  almost  well,  and  who  will  be  here 
by  the  time  the  appointment  is  made ;) — well,  there  is  Hare — 
Read,  Wardlow,  Randolph,  Doctor  Jones — who,  I  think,  will 
certainly  vote  for  you.  Then  you  have  an  equal  chance  for  the 
rest,  who  are  Colonel  Smith,  (Geo.  W.)  Minis  and  Mallory ;  thus 
you  see  your  chances.  Will  you  come  in,  or  will  you  not  ?  You 
see,  if  you  are  elected,  that  is,  appointed  by  the  Council,  there 
will  be  no  occasion  for  your  removal,  or  making  any  other 
arrangements  until  we  see  whether  you  shall  be  confirmed  by  the 
Assembly;  and  if  you  should  not, — I  suppose  it  will  neither 
break  your  leg  nor  pick  your  purse,  materially.  But  should  you 
be  confirmed,  of  which  I  repeat  it  there  is  no  reasonable  ground 
to  doubt, — why,  then,  sir,  you  are  an  honorable  for  life;  in  a  fair 
way  to  the  highest  honors  of  your  profession;  and,  in  fact, 
advanced  to  within  a  few  jumps  of  the  goal. 

I  pray  you  weigh  this  matter,  and  be  prepared  to  decide  it,  if 
you  shall  be  called  upon.  I  suppose  we  shall  know  the  whole 
result  before  this  month  is  out,  or  very  early  in  the  next. 

I  am  in  a  great  hurry  ;  and  so,  with  our  love  to  Mrs.  Carr, 
yourself,  and  children, 

I  am,  as  ever. 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


308  CORRESPONDENCE    WITH    CARR.  [1811. 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

March  10,  1811. 
******* 

By-the-bye,  let  me  boast  a  little :  yet  I  am  more  ashamed  of 
shewing  vanity  before  you  than  any  other  man  in  the  world. 
I  persuade  myself,  however,  that  the  pleasure  which  a  man  feels 
at  the  approbation  of  the  great  and  good  is  laudable,  and  scarcely 
deserves  so  degrading  a  name  as  vanity.  If  this  point  is  settled  in 
my  favor,  then  I  will  tell  you  that  R.,  who  is  just  from  Washington, 
says  that  the  Old  Bachelor  has  great  eclat  at  head-quarters  ;  that 
Mr.  Madison  had  said,  sir,  (so  I  desire  that  you  will  pay  proper 
respect  to  me,  hereafter,)  that  he  thought  Mr.  W's  pen,  at  least, 
ought  to  redeem  us  from  the  censures  of  the  Edinburgh 
Reviewers ;  that  there  was  a  chastity,  an  elegance,  and  a  some- 
thing else,  which  R.  could  not  remember,  in  his  style,  which 
charmed  him.  Now,  sir,  if  R.  did  not  invent  this,  quod  non 
constat^  it  is  a  compliment.  What  makes  me  most  dubious  of  it 
is,  that,  if  there  be  anything  bearable  in  my  style,  the  points  of 
compliment  which  R.  imputes  to  Mr.  M.  are  not  exactly  those  I 
should  have  expected.  Chastity  is  the  character  of  Mr.  M's  own 
style ;  as  to  mine,  I  have  thought  it  about  as  chaste  as  Cleopatra, 
in  her  attire.     But  enough,  and  too  much  of  me  and  my  brats. 

I  conversed  with  Nicholas,  yesterday,  de  loco  vacuo  judicis. 
He  thinks  it  as  plain  as  a  pike-staff  in  our  favor. 

I  have  very  little  doubt  of  it,  and  advise  you  to  hold  yourself 
ready,  sub  rosa,  to  take  a  circuit  on  the  first  of  April ;  for  it  will 
be,  perhaps,  a  sudden  thing. 

About  a  place  of  residence,  in  case  of  your  appointment, — you 
will  see  by  the  range  of  Cabell's  circuit,  that  it  offers  a  variety, 
for  it  takes  in  Amelia,  the  neighborhood  of  Giles,  Eppes,  and  the 
Tabbs,  besides  Powhatan  and  Manchester. 

In  the  latter  place  and  its  neighborhood,  there  are  a  variety  of 
beautiful  tenements  and  lots  of  from  twelve  to  twenty  acres,  where 
you  might  raise  a  profusion  of  clover  for  your  horses  and  cows  ; 
enjoy  the  fine  prospect  of  Richmond,  its  Capitol,  and  picturesque 
hills  and  valleys,  together  with  the  whole  ambit  of  James  River, 
its  falls  and  port ;  besides  the  power  of  our  being  with  each  other 
as  long  and  as  often  as  we  please.     What  say  you  to  this .''    And 


CHAP.  XIX.]  THE    JUDGESHIP.  309 


when  old  H dies,  think  of  that,  Master  Brooke  ! — Q— E — D, 

as  Warden  told  the  Court  of  Appeals.  Now,  d'ye  see,  Judge 
Carr^  I  think  this  a  most  capital  plan.  By  my  conscience^  as  the 
Bishop  says,  (for  I  love  to  quote  my  authority,  always,)  1  think 
Judge  Carr  has  a  most  original,  and,  as  it  were,  melodious  sort 
of  a  sound. 

To  think  what  we  are  all  to  come  to  !  Well,  happy  man  be 
his  dole,  say  I! — And  that,  of  all  the  Carrs,  the  honor  should  light 
upon  my  old  Louisa  and  Fluvanna  comrade,  with  his  grumbling 
and  blue  devils!  Well,  it  is  a  long  lane  that  has  no  turn,  and  an  ill 
wind  that  blows  nobody  luck, — also,  throw  a  crust  of  bread,  &c., — 
together  with  forty  other  proverbs  that  Sancho  would  pour  forth 
on  a  like  occasion. 

If  W.  H.  Cabell  is  elected,  he  will  immediately  come  here  to 
live.  I  think  his  brother  Joe  will  come  here  too ;  and  if  you  come 
to  Manchester, — only  think,  with  the  aid  of  Davy,  and  Clarke  and 
/,  and  occasional  visits  from  our  upland  friends,  what  a  society 
we  may  form  !  Shall  we  not  find  the  foot-hold  that  Archimedes 
wished  for  in  vain,  and  turn  the  world  upside  down, — I  mean  the 
moral  and  literary  world }  I  scarce  think  we  could  turn  up  a 
worse  side  ;  it  is  the  deuce  of  clubs,  or  at  least,  the  curse  of  Scot- 
land. My  spirits  are  in  such  a  jig  at  this  prospect,  that  I  can 
scarcely  hold  my  pen  to  write  intelligibly ;  and  at  such  a  time, 
and  on  such  an  occasion,  I  scorn  to  write  anything  but  nonsense. 

For  fear,  however,  of  false  inferences,  you  will  please  to  be 
informed  that  it  is  the  forenoon,  and  I  am  just  from  church.  So, 
sir,  I  scorn  your  suspicions. 

Cabell  went  up  home  this  morning.  I  wrote  to  Hare,  and  gave 
liim  your  postscript,  verbatim  et  literatim.  You  know  it  is  about 
binding  him,  hand  and  foot,  and  deporting  him,  if  he  will  not  keep 
away  from  Richmond.  Whereupon,  I  observed,  that  I  believed 
you  never  would  forgive  him  if  he  should  even  go  so  far  as  to 
come  down  only  for  a  day  or  two  to  vote  for  you.  I  gave  him 
to  understand,  indeed,  that  your  appointment  would  probably 
depend  upon  it,  but  that  he  was  not  to  mind  that. 

Now,  are  you  not  ashamed  of  that  selfish  twinge  which  leads 
you  to  wish  that  Hare  would,  at  least,  trust  himself  here  until  he 
could  give  his  vote  ?— So  you  would  endanger  his  health  rather 
than  not  get  the   office  !— O  fie,  fie,  sir !      However,  believing 


/ 


310  CORRESPONDENCE    WITH    CARR.  [1911. 

that  such  would  be  your  wish,  to  tell  you  the  truth,  I  observed  to 
him  tiiat  I  thought  you  would  not  be  implacable  for  a  short  trip  on 
this  occasion ;  and  he  Avill  certainly  come,  dead  or  alive. 
Love  to  all. 

Again  yours, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CARR   TO    WIRT. 

"Charlottesville J  March  14,  1811. 
"^My  Dear  Friend: 

"  I  dined  at  Monticello  yesterday,  and  did  not  return  home  until 
a  little  after  night.  My  children  were  put  to  bed  ;  my  wife  and  I 
sitting  quietly  by  our  happy  fireside — I  reading  to  her  Lady  Mon- 
tague's letters — when  suddenly  it  occurred  to  me,  that  it  was  post 
day.  I  sent  a  servant  immediately  for  my  letters,  who,  returning, 
brought  me  yours  of  the  8th  and  10th. 

"  It  would  have  diverted  you,  not  a  little,  to  see  the  flurry  and 
flutter  into  which  this  threw  us.  It  was  the  first  time  that  the 
idea  of  elevation  to  the  Bench,  was  brought  distinctly  before  me. 
I  had  viewed  it  before  as  a  distant  possibility.  Your  letter  made 
it,  at  least,  probable  that  it  would  be  offered  to  me,  and  that  very 
soon.  I  cannot  tell  you  what  a  feeling  this  produced ; — a  feeling 
which  seems  to  increase  as  I  think  of  it — something  like  a  timid 
young  girl  on  the  eve  of  marriage.  How  will  it  be  with  me  .*• 
Mounted  on  the  bench,  the  officers  of  justice  planted  around,  court 
opened,  the  bar  lined  with  attorneys,  every  one  thronging  in  to  see 
the  new  judge,  the  grand  jury  sworn,  proclamation  made  that  his 
Honor  is  about  to  charge  them — then  the  stormy  wave  of  the 
multitude  hushed  into  silence,  and  every  eye  bent  upon  me.  What 
a  tremor  the  idea  gives  me !     Yet  I  will  on." 


CHAP.  XIX.]  THE    JUDGESHIP.  311 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  March  23,  1811. 
My  Dear  Friend: 

Cabell  is  elected  to  the  Court  of  Appeals,  and  your  election  is 
infallible.  Out  of  six  members  who  are  here,  it  is  ascertained 
that  there  are  four  who  are  for  you.  Hare,  Reid,  Randolph  and 
Wardlow: — how  the  remaining  members  are  is  unknown;  but 
there  is  no  probability  of  their  concurring  against  you — and,  if 
they  do,  your  friends  are  resolved  to  hold  the  Council  divided 
rather  than  give  way.  The  point,  it  is  supposed,  will  be  decided 
on  Tuesday  next,  and  I  regard  you  as  elected. 

Now,  sir,  I  hope  you  will  sit  down,  immediately  on  the  receipt 
of  this,  and  write  your  address  to  the  grand  jury. 

Take  care  of  your  modesty;  that  is,  beware  lest  it  impair  the 
energy  and  dignity  of  the  judge.  Don't  go  and  be  overwhelmed 
and  panic-struck,  as  I  was,  so  as  to  make  people  think  "  poor  fel- 
low, I  dare  say  he  wishes  he  was  at  home  again." 

You  know  that  I  am  not  such  a  simpleton  as  to  find  fault  with 
that  degree  of  modesty  which  unlocks  the  hearts  of  men,  women 
and  children,  to  a  man.  But  I  know  that  you  do  think,  and  ever 
have,  for  these  tifteen  years,  at  least,  thought  of  yourself  with  too 
much  humility.  Now,  although  "  in  peace  there's  nothing  so  be- 
comes a  man,  as  modest  stillness  and  humility,  yet  when  the  blast 
of  court  blows  in  our  ears,"  and  sheriff's  o-yes  bids  the  jury  rise, 
"  then  stiffen  the  sinews,  bend  the  muscles  up,  and  imitate  the 
action  of" — Lord  Mansfield. 

These  two  appointments  put  a  poultice  on  the  bruises  of  the 
Legion  and  Clarke.  "  O  that  right  should  thus  overcome  might," — 
as  the  old  woman  says  in  the  play,  when  she  is  meaning  to  com- 
plain of  the  oppression  of  power. 

Sir,  you  are  to  make  a  great  man.  The  organization  of  your 
mind  qualifies  you  to  scale  the  heights  of  Mansfield  and  Hard- 
wicke ;  and  your  temper  and  manners  will  strew  flowers  on  the 
path  of  your  ascent. 

You  must  read  every  book  that  Mansfield  ever  read ;  they  are 
all  to  be  had,  and  your  leisure  will  now  enable  you  to  do  it.  Sir, 
you  shall  "  bestride  the  lazy-pacing  cloud,  and  sail  upon  the  bosom 


312  CORRESPONDENCE    WITH    CARR.  [1811. 

of  the  air,"  and  mark  "  the  white  up-turned  eyes  of  us  mortals  that 
fall  back  to  gaze  on" — you. 

I  tell  you  again,  that  you  can,  and  must,  and  shall  stand  upon  the 
very  summit,  the  pinnacle,  the  apex  of  judicial  glory.  I  know  it — 
I  see  it — and  who  shall  say  me  nay .'' 

Your  circuit  will  bring  you  close  to  us.  Chesterfield  is  only 
sixteen  miles  from  us ;  Powhatan  but  thirty.  You  must  come  and 
see  us  between  terms  ;  this,  you  know,  is  your  home — but  need  I 
tell  you  this  ? 

I  will  endeavor  to  get  from  Cabell,  a  statement  of  the  dif- 
ficult questions  which  he  has  suspended  by  an  advisari  vult,  to- 
gether with  his  authorities,  notes,  &c.,  and  meet  you,  with  them, 
somewhere  upon  your  circuit. 

Hare  and  myself  count  on  your  making  such  an  impression 
throughout  your  circuit  this  spring  and  fall,  that  '■^min  nor  diviW'' 
cannot  "  stap  i/e"  from  being  confirmed  next  winter. 

It  will  be  an  awkward  thing  for  you  not  to  know  the  bar,  and 
as  awkward  for  you  (a  judge)  to  carry  letters  of  introduction  to 
the  lawyers.  I  believe  the  best  plan  will  be  for  Cabell  to 
send  a  letter  of  introduction  to  some  one  prominent  member  of 
each  bar,  introducing  him  to  you,  and  begging  him  to  introduce 
liis  brethren  to  you,  and  the  respectable  country  gentlemen  around 
the  court  houses.  This  will  answer  the  purpose  without  letting 
you  down. 

*  *  *  *  *  *   ■ 

My  watch  informs  me  that  the  mail  has  closed.  I  will  therefore, 
take  my  leisure,  and  write  a  little  more  legibly,  since  I  have  to 
depend  on  Frank  to  get  this  in  as  a  way-letter.  But  I  cannot 
write  a  very  long  letter,  because  I  have  to  finish  the  nineteenth 
number  of  the  Old  Bachelor  to-night. 

I  think  your  remark  on ''s  letters  is  correct ;  the  irony  is 

too  delicate, — it  is  cold.  Yet,  the  pieces  have  played  the  deuce 
with  the  Old  Bachelor  here — they  are  said  to  be  personal  attacks ; 
and,  with  the  co-operation  of  my  own  seventeenth  number,  have 
subjected  me  to  a  good  deal  of  ill-natured  remark,  as  if  I  were 
lampooning  the  town.  If  such  a  notion  as  this  were  once  to  get 
on  foot,  all  the  benefits  intended  by  the  publication  would  be  at  an 
end.  And,  therefore,  I  sat  down,  immediately,  and  wrote  the 
eighteenth  number,  to  prevent  any  such  pernicious  effects.     I  be- 


CHAP.  XIX.]  THE    OLD    BACHELOR.  313 

lieve  it  has  answered  the  purpose.  But  I  am  very  much  tram- 
melled by  tliis  impertinence  in  applying  characters.  It  is  much 
the  liveliest  and  most  impressive  way  of  moralizing ;  yet  I  never 
draw  a  character  without  displeasing-  somebody  or  other.  If  it  is 
wrong  to  draw  characters,  you  are  partly  in  fault,  for  you  said  to 
me,  not  long  before  you  left  me,  "  you  must  begin,  presently  to 
draw  characters."  Why  should  not  I  .-*  What  right  have  the  ras- 
cals to  find  fault  with  me  if  a  vicious  character  fits  them .''  As  to 
lampooning  or  throwing  stones  for  pure  mischief  and  wantonness, 
I  would  sooner  cut  off  my  right  hand.  But  if  it  is  necessary  to 
the  purposes  of  virtue,  if  it  is  the  most  interesting  mode  that  I  can 
adopt  to  expose  a  vice,  and  render  it  ridiculous  or  hateful,  why 
should  I  not  do  it.^* 

You  see,  Ritchie  is  going  to  make  a  book  of  the  old  fellow.  I 
don't  much  like  this  way  of  becoming  an  author,  or  rather  of  being 
made  one  without  having  the  fear  of  it,  all  along,  before  my  eyes. 
Now,  most  certainly,  if  I  had  intended  to  sit  down  and  write  a 
book,  and  become  a  downright  author,  I  should  have  chosen  a 
subject  better  calculated  to  put  me  up  in  the  ranks ;  one  calcu- 
lated to  exhibit  the  whole  of  the  little  compass  and  strength  of 
my  mind.  If  I  had  realized  the  idea  that  my  good  name,  fame 
and  reputation  were  at  stake,  I  would  have  taken  care  to  write  to 
the  best  advantage — in  rural  privacy,  for  instance,  and  only  in  the 
happiest  moments  of  inspiration,  after  having,  by  previous  medi- 
tation, exhausted  upon  it  all  my  retail  shop  of  thought.  Instead 
of  this,  I  have  been  dribbling  on,  with  a  loose  pen,  carelessly 
and  without  any  labor  of  thinking,  amidst  incessant  interrup- 
tions— and  with  the  printer's  devil  at  my  elbow,  every  half  hour, 
jogging  me  for  more  copy. 

It  is  true  the  probability  of  the  numbers  being  collected  into 
a  volume,  was  several  times  mentioned  to  me,  and  several  times 
passed  slightly  through  my  mind.  But  somehow  I  have  not  dwelt 
upon  it;  the  idea  has  not  been  realized;  and  it  seems  impossible 
that  any  man  writing  newspaper  essays,  as  I  am  doing,  can  have 
the  feelings  or  care  of  a  man  who  sits  down  with  malice  prepense 
to  write  a  book.  But  enough  on  this  tack;  you  will  think  all 
this  affectation: — but  if  you  do,  as  Tom  Bowling  says,  in  Rod- 
erick Random,  "you  will  think  a  d d  lie." 

VOL.  1—27 


314  CORRESPONDENCE    WITH    CARR.  [ISll. 

Why  does  not  our  trusty  and  well-beloved  Peter  sow  some  of 
the  seeds  of  immortality  in  the  Old  Bachelor?  If  he  does  not, 
the  old  fellow  will  be  under  the  turf  in  less  than  ten  years. 

Is  not  Frank  a  rascal  ?  Does'nt  he  know  that  he  is  a  rascal  ? 
Has  he  the  face  to  deny  that  he  is  a  rascal?  The  fellow's 
face,  to  be  sure,  is  ugly  and  hard  enough  for  any  thing:  but  if 
he  were  to  deny  that  he  is  a  rascal,  he  would  be  no  true  man.  I 
shall  take  care  to  put  a  key  to  the  first  volume  of  the  Old  Bach- 
elor, to  let  the  world  know  who  is  meant  by  Galen,  and  shall  pub- 
lish the  letters  I  have  received  from  him  on  this  subject,  in  an  ap- 
pendix, that  the  world  may  know  what  sort  of  fellow  he  is,  and 
that  I  did  not  make  the  promise  I  have  given,  without  authority. 

I  told  you  I  should  not  write  a  long  letter,  and  you  see  I  am 
better  than  my  word.  But  it  is  past  nine  o'clock,  and  I  have  yet 
to  finish  the  nineteenth  number.  Grace  will  be  out  on  Tuesday 
week. 

Our  love  to  your  household.     Hare  is  still  well. 

Adieu, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CARR    TO    WIRT. 

"Charlottesville,  March  25,  1811. 
"My  Dear  Friend  : 

******* 

"  Yesterday's  mail  brought  me  yours  of  the  23d.  You  say  my 
election  is  infallible.  I  must  acknowledge  it  looks  something  like 
it.  So,  upon  the  strength  of  it,  I  have  begun  to  prepare  in 
earnest.  Fearful  is  the  thought  of  sticking  myself  upon  the 
Bench,  standing  the  shot  of  every  eye,  and  giving  it  back  in 
speeches  ;  but,  I  will  screw  my  courage  to  the  sticking  point,  and, 
with  a  strong  effort,  drive  back  the  blood  which  would  mount 
into  my  face.  They  shall  not  see  the  coward  heart  which  trem- 
bles within.  '  How  many  men  who,  inward  searched,  have  livers 
white  as  milk,  wear  yet  upon  their  front,  the  brow  of  Hercules 
and  frowning  Mars.'  I  don't  know  whether  this  quotation  be  ap- 
posite, but  you  may  take  it,  as  a  Rowland  for  your  Oliver. 


CHAP.  XIX.]  THE    JUDGESHIP.  315 


"  As  to  your  meeting  me  on  my  circuit,  there  are  two  objec- 
tions :  First,  it  would  be  a  trouble  which  I  cannot  consent  you 
should  take  :  and,  second,  I  had  rather  take  a  bear  by  the  chin, 
than  see  you  in  court  whilst  I  was  on  the  bench  in  my  first  circuit. 
I  will  not  say,  my  dear  Wirt,  that  the  friendly  solicitude  and  zeal 
you  have  shown  for  me,  in  this  affair,  have  surprised  me ;  but  I 
will  say,  they  have  given  me  the  truest  pleasure  my  heart  can  feel. 
I  will  say,  that  they  have  raised  me  in  my  own  esteem ;  for  I  can 
never  believe  that  man  without  merit,  for  whom  you  have  dis- 
covered so  much  friendship." 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  March  26,  1811. 
My  Dear  Friend: 

Your  stars  have  at  length  done  you  justice.     The  course  of 

glory  is  opened  to  you,  and  the  goal  in  full  view. 

******* 

It  is  but  this  instant  that  H ,  a  mischievous  old  rascal,  has 

made  my  heart  sink  and  turn  cold,  by  telling  me,  with  the  best 
acted  gravity,  that  T was  elected.  He  relieved  me,  how- 
ever, in  two  or  three  minutes  after  I  was  semi-animis. 

I  understand  that  you  had  five  out  of  six  of  the  Council  in  your 
favor.  This  is  glorious  !  I  will  drink  your  health  in  a  bumper, 
at  dinner,  and  hail  you  as  Judge  Carr.  Now,  how  busy,  busy- 
will  your  imagination  be,  as  you  ride  home.  How  will  the  plans 
and  schemes  swarm  ! — the  airy  castles  tower !  To  eke  out  these 
operations,  H says,  he'll  be if  you  shall  come  to  Man- 
chester. He  says  you  shall  buy  a  small  farm  in  the  country, 
where,  with  six  or  seven  servants,  you  can  maintain  your  family, 
keep  your  children  in  health,  and  save  your  salary,  wholly. 

The  suggestion  brought  a  very  beautiful  and  valuable  place,  as 
represented  to  me,  in  Powhatan,  in  full  view.  It  belongs  to  a 
man  by  the  name  of  Woodson, — has  an  admirable  piece  of  mea- 
dow on  it,  and  a  most  excellent,  nay,  beautiful  house,  with  all 
necessary  offices. 

I  should  have  bought  it  myself,  last  summer,  but  Cabell,  Hare 
and  others  persuaded  me  I  had  no  business  with  a  farm. 


316  CORRESPONDENCE    WITH    CARR.  [ISll. 


This  place  lies  within  two  miles  of  Pope's ;  and,  I  think,  will 
cost  you  seven  or  eight  thousand  dollars,  at  the  outside, — of 
which,  only  two  or  three  thousand,  I  think,  were  required  in  cash. 
You  can  buy  this  place,  and  stock  it,  without  invading  your  salary, 
or  absorbing  that  capital  of  which  we  talked  when  you  were 
here.  You  can  make  your  farm  a  source  of  profit,  as  well  as  of 
subsistence;  and,  I  doubt  not,  that  if  you  provide  the  first  payment, 
the  instalments  will  be  easily  met  by  the  agricultural  profits  and  the 
interest  of  your  remaining  capital,  so  as  to  leave  that  capital,  itself, 
whole,  and  enable  you  to  lay  up  and  save  every  cent  of  your  salary- 

Think  of  the  accumulations  of  ten  years,  on  this   scale,  while 
fame  is  accumulating  also.     The  prospect  is  deliglitful ! 

You  see,  I  have  done  justice  to  this  scheme  of  H 's.     He 

went  farther,  and  contrasted  the  consequences  of  a  residence  in 
Manchester;  and,  although  his  argument  thwarted  the  plan  which 
self  would  have  prescribed  for  you,  (meaning  nnj  self,)  yet  I  con- 
fess he  staggered  me  in  relation  to  your  interest. 

These  things,  however,  we  can  examine  maturely,  before  the 
Legislature  shall  meet. 

I  think  I  can  see  your  broad  grin  before  you  get  within  a 
hundred  and  fifty  yards  of  your  house.  These  are  precious 
feelings ! 

Once  more,  God  bless  you. 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  April  11,  1811. 
Mr  Dear  CHEv^\LIER,  alias  Judge,  &.C.: 

I  was  honored,  (mark  me,  sir,  I  say  honored,  for  I  felt  the 
honor  most  sensibly,)  by  a  letter  from  your  wife,  by  the  last 
Charlottesville  mail,  enclosing  one  for  you.  By-the-bye,  she  calls 
herself  my  friend  therein  ;  and,  I  would  not  give  that  declaration 
for  all  the  friendship  of  you  he  felloics  that  ever  were  born.  I 
tell  you,  sir,  the  word  made  my  heart  leap,  and  I  thought  I  was 
somebody.  O !  there  is  something  in  the  friendship  of  one  of 
those  souls  of  heavenly  mould,  that  makes  all  the  earth  vanish  in 


CHAP.  XIX.]  VAGARIES.  317 


my  view  ! Confound  it !  Was  there  ever  a  fellow  so  much  dis- 
appointed .-*  I  was  so  much  transported  with  this  imagination  of 
friendship,  that,  thinking  it  too  much,  I  have  turned  to  her  short 
note,  and  instead  of  "  friend,"  find  it  "  yours,  with  great  esteem." 
How  came  the  idea  into  my  head  .?  No  matter.  "  Yours,  with 
great  esteem,"  is  good  ;  but,  how  much  greater  and  less  happy 
does  it  make  me  than  "  your  friend."  Poh !  says  your  judicial 
dignity,  what  nonsense  !  Well,  sir, — "  poh !" — and  there,  as 
George  Hay  told  Edmund  Randolph,  is  a  "poh  for  you."  Now, 
sir,  as  I  am  told  you  can't  receive  your  own  letter  from  your 
wife  until  after  this,  you  shall  have  the  whole  of  hers  to  me,  and 
so  I  enclose  it,  upon  your  special  promise  to  return  it  again. 

And  so,  as  I  was  saying — thinks  I — would  it  not  be  pleasing  to 

Mrs.   C ,  to  let  her  know   I   have   received  her  husband's 

letter,  and  that  it  is  in  the  right  track  to  get  to  him  ?  Thereupon, 
sir,  I  sets  me  down,  and  forthwith,  in  choice  phrase,  I  writes  me  a 
letter  to  your  wife. 

If  a  man  will  leave  his  wife,  and  go  off.  Heaven  knows  where, 
he  must  not  be  surprised  if  a  sentimental  young  Adonis,  like  me, 
tries  to  take  advantage  of  his  absence.  What  I  did  write,  sir, 
you  will  not  hear  from  me,  nor  from  her,  unless  she  has  a  mind 
to  put  an  end  to  the  correspondence,  thus  happily  begun. 

Hem  ! — hem  !  You  are  wrong,  sir.  The  guess  is  incorrect.  I 
have  had  no  company  to-day.  Two  segars,  indeed,  I  have 
smoked ;  but,  I  am  just  half  way  through  a  Court  of  Appeals 
argument,  and  I  am  displeased  at  the  injustice  you  do  me  in  sup- 
posing me  to  the  south  of  the  equator. 

Talking  of  the  equator  ;  come,  let  us  be  geographical.  Hea- 
vens !  Where  are  you .''  Ain't  you  out  of  your  latitude  i*— 
What  a  parcel  of  savages! — or,  as  they  used  to  call  it,  salvages. 
Hush  !  They  speak  well  of  you ;  and,  gratitude  is  a  virtue  in 
spite  of  Godwin. 

Well,  now,  I  will  be  serious.  I  turned  the  page  with  a  deter- 
mination to  convince  you  I  was  sober, — and  so  I  will; — for  when 
a  man  is — sober,  why  should'nt  he  appear  to  be  so  .''  Very  true  ! 
"  But  when  or  where  this  world  was  made  for  Caesar,  I  am  weary 
of  conjectures. — This  shall  end  them." 

God  bless  you.     All  well. 

Wm.  Wirt. 
VOL.  1—27* 


318  CORRESPONDENCE    WITH    CARR.  [1811. 

P.  S. — Cabell  says  I  must  be  drunk,  or  I  should  not  have  said 
"  confouncV  to  you,  when  I  might  have  said  "  consume,'''' — which 
he  takes  to  be  your  word ;  and  which  I  now,  for  the  first  time, 
suspect  you  caught  from  Colonel  Morris,  with  the  rest  of  your 
classics. 

Love  Peter  Randolph.  I  am  told  his  modesty  envelopes  him ; 
but,  when  you  pierce  it,  you  will  find  him  lovely. 

Not  one  line  for  me  ^     Then  come  and  see  me. 

Judge   C ,  inspired  by  this,  writes  you  a  funny  letter, 

which  he  expects  you  to  laugh  at,  in  every  line. 

Did  you  ever  see  such  grave  judicial  stuff  ? 

In  reply  to  this  he  says  :  "  you  be !"     "  Upon  my  word," 

says  N ,  "  this  is  Judge-like ;"  but  she  is  a  federalist,  and, 

of  course,  malicious.     A  literal  dialogue. 

W.  W. 


TO     DABNEY    CARR. 

Richmond,  June  28,  1811. 
My  Dear  Judge  : 

Never  having  committed  such  an  act  of  negligence,  as  to  leave 
behind  me  the  key  of  my  baggage,  I  know  not  how  to  imagine 
your  embarrassments,  or  sympathise  with  your  distresses.  Care- 
lessness, "  in  man  or  woman,  dear  my  lord,  is," — as  the  old  fellow 
told  Colonel  McDowell,  "  what  I  do  hate."  How  does  this  tagging 
of  Shakspeare  and  patching-  elegant  quotations,  hit  your  taste .'' 
JVunquam  animus. 

Judge  Coalter  takes  your  key,  and  will  chaunt  you  the  triumphs 
of  the  Court  of  Appeals. 

I  am  in  main  haste.  My  wife  and  bairns  join  in  love  to  you 
and  yours.  Ere  long,  I  shall  write  to  you  apud  largum.  For  the 
present,  with  love  to  Don  Pedro  and  friends, 

I  am  yours, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

In  the  midst  of  all  the  playfulness  and  exultation  apparent  in 
these  letters,  Wirt  was  suddenly  brought  to  the  contemplation  of 
political  preferment,  from  which  he  had  hitherto  expressed  such 


CHAP.  XIX.]  THE    ATTORNEY    GENERALSHIP.  319 

determined  aversion.  The  resignation  of  Mr.  Rodney,  which 
occurred  at  this  period,  left  the  post  of  Attorney  General  open  to 
the  disposal  of  the  President.  Many  eyes  were  turned  upon  Mr. 
Wirt  at  this  juncture,  as  likely  to  be  called  to  fdl  this  office.  His 
position  at  the  bar,  his  acquirements  and  high  reputation,  as  well 
as  the  friendly  appreciation  of  him  by  Mr.  Madison,  rendered  ihis 
event  quite  probable.  The  general  speculation  of  the  society  of 
Richmond  upon  this  appointment,  brought  the  subject  so  directly 
to  his  mind,  that  he  was  obliged  to  give  it  consideration — not 
very  gravely,  indeed,  as  will  be  seen  presently.  How  he  enter- 
tained the  proposition,  may  be  read  in  the  following  letter,  in 
reply  to  some  jocular  advice  upon  the  matter  from  Carr. 

The  reader  will  understand  the  reference  to  the  "  lignum  apis 
Attorney  General,"  as  a  specimen  of  that  latinity  which  he  may 
have  heretofore  observed,  was  somewhat  cultivated  between  the 
two  correspondents.  Carr,  in  this  vocabulary,  is  called  "  Caris- 
sime  Curriis ;''''  Wirt  is  some  times  addressed,  in  return,  as  "  Mi 
care  Eras.''''  With  this  key,  we  may  translate  "  nunquam  animus,'''' 
in  the  last  letter,  "  never  mind," — and  the  phrase  above  alluded 
to,  "  lignum  apis,''''  to  signify  the  "  would  be"  Attorney  General. 

This  letter  is  dated  from  Montevideo,  the  summer  residence  of 
Judge  Cahell,  in  Buckingham,  on  the  James  River,  where  Wirt 
and  his  family  were  frequent  guests. 


TO    DABNEY    CARR. 

Montevideo,  August  11,  1811. 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

I  have  already  written  seven  letters  this  morning  to  go  by  the 
Judge,  who  has  gone  to  Buckingham  Court-house,  and  thus  to  be 
thrown,  (i.  e.,  the  letters,)  into  the  current  of  the  mail ;  but  six  of 
those  letters  were  on  business,  the  seventh  in  reply  to  one  from 
General  Minor,  which  I  was  anxious  should  meet  him  at  the  Sul- 
phur Springs,  and  which  it  will  be  pushed  to  do, — as  the  letter 
will  have  to  make  a  circuit  by  Richmond. 

Your  letter  was  to  have  been  answered,  also,  through  the  same 
channel.     But  although  I  rose  by  the  dawn  of  day,  and  had  to 


320  LETTER    TO    CARR.  [1811- 

write  by  candle-light,  my  letters  were  unavoidably  so  long,  and 
the  Judge  started  so  early,  that  I  lost  his  conveyance  for  my 
answer  to  you,  and  shall  have  to  throw  this  into  the  devious  and 
perilous  track  of  the  Warminster  monsoon : — the  Lord  send  it  a 
safe  deliverance.  I  am  in  the  humor,  however,  to  write ;  and 
there  is  this  advantage  in  the  communion  of  the  heart,  that  it  is 
of  no  date,  and  so  never  grows  stale.  So  now  to  your  letter  by 
Cabell, — which  is  one  "  so  "  more  than  the  laws  of  euphony  will 
justify, — and  so  I  add  two  more,  by  way  of  keeping  them  in  coun- 
tenance.    Jillons. 

It  was,  I  think,  only  last  winter  that  I  told  you,  in  all  the  sin- 
cerity and  solemnity  of  friendly  confidence,  that  I  had  resolved  on 
a  plan  of  life,  from  which  I  would  not  depart;  which  was  to  follow, 
with  ardor,  the  pursuit  of  my  profession,  along  the  smooth  bosom 
of  the  Pacific,  on  which  I  was  now  gliding  with  a  fair  breeze  and 
flowing  sail — and  thus  keep  myself  clear,  by  many  a  league,  both 
of  land  and  water,  and  of  those  dark  and  rough  storms  which  are 
perpetually  scourging  and  lashing  into  foam  the  political  Baltic. 
I  saw  by  the  experience  of  others,  I  told  you,  the  treatment  which 
I  should  experience,  and  could  anticipate,  almost  with  certainty, 
the  topics  of  abuse  and  villification  with  which  I  should  be 
regaled.  All  this  was  certainly  prudence  and  sound  sense, — 
perhaps  a  little  too  timorous  for  a  hero ;  but,  nevertheless, 
sensible, — and,  as  old  James  Heron  said,  when  he  threw  up 
the  ace,  king  and  queen  of  trumps,  at  loo,  "  One  cannot  be  too 
cautious?'' 

Well,  after  this  discreet,  rational,  philosophic  talk  which,  I 
remember,  satisfied  you  perfectly  at  the  time,  if  I  might  judge  by 
silence,  looks  and  nods  of  assent,  the  next  thing  you  hear  from  me 
is  that  I  am  red-hot,  hissing  hot,  for  a  plunge  into  that  aforesaid 
Baltic.  What  are  you  to  think  of  such  a  man  }  Does  such  light 
and  weather-cock  versatility,  denote  a  man  of  sufficient  sinew  to 
breast  the  surge  of  that  stormy  sea,  and  hold  on  upon  his  course  ? 
Does  it  become  a  man  who  would  be  a  politician  }  Was  I  not 
deceiving  both  myself  and  you,  when  I  thought  myself  philoso- 
phizing and  resolving  prudently ;  was  I  not  merely  preparing  a 
fund  of  consolation  for  political  obscurity,  and  providing,  without 
being  conscious  of  it,  for  a  walk,  which  I  could  not  avoid,  through 
the  humble  vale  of  life — for  that  track  for  which,  alone,  so  much 


CHAP.  XIX.]  THE    ATTORNEY    GENERALSHIP.  321 

fickleness  and  caprice  shew  that  I  am  fitted  ?  Or,  have  fame 
and  distinction  charms  which  no  man,  (however  resolved,)  can 
resist,  on  whom  they  please  to  look }  Or,  have  I  mistaken  my 
own  particular  character ;  and  has  there  been,  all  along,  a  fund  of 
dormant  ambition  in  my  breast,  which  required  but  the  match  to 
be  pointed  towards  it  to  blow  up,  and  betray  itself;  and  that,  too, 
when  it  was  too  late  to  do  anything  but  betray  itself? 

Now,  I  dare  say  that,  so  far  from  being  ready  to  give  me  satis- 
faction in  these  particulars,  your  judicial  head  is,  by  this  time, 
pretty  much  in  the  state  of  my  Uncle  Toby's,  on  a  certain 
occasion  which  shall  be  nameless. 

But  what  is  the  use  of  pestering  ourselves  with  speculations  on 
this  subject  ?  The  fact  is  so;  the  cat  is  out  of  the  bag, — and  what 
odds  does  it  make  how  she  came  in  it  ? 

Very  true  ;  but  inconsistency  is  so  Aveak  and  silly  a  thing,  that 
a  man  would  much  rather  bewilder  the  beholder,  in  an  abstruse 
and  multi-forked  speculation  about  its  cause,  than  to  stand  stock 
still,  like  a  target,  and  brave  his  steady  gaze.  Moore  talks  very 
happily  of  "  dulling  delight^  by  exploring  its  cause ; "  why  may 
not  a  man  borrow  a  hint  from  that  thought,  and  endeavor  to  be 
"  dulling  contempt  by  exploring  its  cause .'' "  I  am  not  certain 
of  the  accuracy  of  the  analogy ;  but  I  shall  not  stop  my  pen  to 
examine  it ;  for,  if  I  do.  I  may  have  to  blot  out,  and  I  hate  a 
blurred  and  blotted  letter:   so,  here  we  go! 

Now,  sir,  let  me  tell  you  that  I  did  not  like  your  "  lignum  apis 
Attorney  General  of  the  United  States."  The  retort  was  not  a  fair 
one  ;  you  are  in  office,  snug  and  safe,  and,  therefore,  were  fair 
and  lawful  game ;  whereas  I  was  only  in  a  state  of  aspiration, 
with  a  pretty  fair  prospect  of  a  disappointment  before  me.  Sir, 
you  were  not  only  violating  Sterne's  beautiful  sentiment  of  breaking 
a  jest  in  the  sacred  presence  of  sorrow,  but  were  breaking  your 
jest  on  that  very  sorrow  itself, — making  it  the  theme  and  butt,  as 
it  were,  of  your  merriment. 

As  to  you,  I  do  not  hear  man,  woman  or  child  whisper  the 
faintest  susurration,  (or  susurrate  the  faintest  whisper,  as  the  case 
may  be,  as  our  form-books  sagely  tell  us,)  of  a  doubt  of  your 
being  confirmed.  Not  meaning  that  our  form-books  tell  us  of  a 
doubt, — for  that  would  be  to  disregard  the  parenthesis,  through 
mere  wantonness  and  levity  of  head,  than  which  there  cannot  be  a 


322  LETTER    TO    CARR.  [1811. 

greater  misfortune  to  a  Judge,  except,  indeed,  the  plumbosily  of 
the  same  member,  (if,  indeed,  it  be  a  member,)  (as  I  should 
suppose  it  not  only  was,  but  also  the  head  and  chief  of  members) — 
lo !  I  am  lost : — but  to  come  back  to  you  as  the  rallying  point. 
Cabell  says  there  is  no  more  doubt  of  your  confirmation  than 

chalk's  like  cheese,  or  than any  thing  in  the  world. 

So,  you  see  you  are  safe  enough, 

I  shall  call  at  Pope's  as  I  go  down,  about  the  20th ;  see  whether 
the  definitive  treaty  is  signed ;  examine  the  site,  and  give  you  my 
opinion,  gratis. 

Now,  this  puts  me  in  mind  of  myself,  again  ;  for  why  should  I 
wish  to  be  going  from  Richmond,  when  you  are  coming  so  near 
it .''  Ay,  why  should  I .''  What  is  there  in  the  rough,  unbuilt,  hot 
and  desolate  hills  of  Washington,  or  in  its  winter  rains,  mud, 
turbulence  and  wrangling,  that  could  compensate  me  for  all  those 
pure  pleasures  of  the  heart  I  should  lose  in  such  a  vicinity  ? 
No, — since  we  have  spent  our  youth  and  manhood  together  thus 
far,  my  wish  is  to  go  down  the  hill,  "  hand  in  hand,  and  sleep 
together  at  its  foot."  How  natural  was  Pope's  dying  sentiment 
to  his  situation,  "  There  is  nothing  in  life  that  is  worth  a  thought, 
but  friendship  ! "  We  both  know  that  there  is  another  sentiment 
of  still  greater  value  ;  yet  they  are  both  requisite  to  the  harmony 
of  the  piece  :  love  is  the  tenor  of  life's  music,  and  friendship  its 
bass.     So,  I  will  stay  at  Richmond. 

As  at  present  advised,  I  think  that  Dallas,  if  he  would  accept, 
ought  to  have  the  appointment.    J.  T.  Mason,  I  am  told,  would  not. 
Pinkney,  w^e  conjecture  here,  will  receive  it,  if  it  should  be  vacated. 
I  know  but  little  of  him ;  he  had  the  reputation,  when  I  was  at 
school,  of  being  the  most  eloquent  young  lawyer  in  Maryland. 
His  foreign  service,  especially  at  this  particular  juncture  of  our 
foreign  affairs,  might  make  him  a  useful  member  of  the  Cabinet. 
I  cannot  help  thinking   that  there   is  something  little,  in  this 
notion  of  appointing  the  highest  officers  in  the  Union,  by  consid- 
eration of  place.     It  may  do  in  appointing  tide-waiters  and  mail- 
carriers;   but  were  I  a  President,  and  forming  a  Cabinet  who 
were  to  assist  me  in  sustaining  my  vast  responsibility,  I  would  be 
no  more  governed  by  residence,  than  I  would  by  the  color  of  a 
man's  hair,     Cceteris  paribus,  I  would,  indeed,  regard  it : — but  I 
would,  first,  be  very  sure  that  the  Cceteris  were  paribus.    I  give 


CHAP.  XIX.]  THE    ATTORNEY    GENERALSHIP.  323 


you  this  as  an  abstract  principle,  and  not  as  one  which  would 
at  all  contribute  to  my  promotion.  As  to  myself,  I  hope  you 
will  believe  me  sincere  when  I  tell  you,  that  I  should  think  Wal- 
ter Jones  a  preferable  selection.  I  say  not  this  as  soliciting  a 
compliment  from  you,  my  friend — for  I  know  your  partiality ; — but 
because  I  am  in  earnest,  and  because  I  wish  to  repel  an  inference 
of  which  I  was  shocked  to  find  my  remark,  on  the  other  side, 
susceptible — that  the  principle  of  choosing  by  superior  capacity, 
would  lead  to  my  appointment.  This  is  an  awkward  scrape  I 
have  got  myself  into— so  I  will  get  out  of  it  as  fast  as  I  can. 
******* 

I  wish  to  Heaven  I  could  have  gone  over  with  Cabell  but  I 
had  a  mountain  of  business  to  prepare  for  the  fall  campaigns. 

The  Old  Bachelor,  you  see,  suffers  by  my  engagements.     1 
have  not  had   time,  or  the  temper,  since  the  summer  vacation 
commenced,  to  please  even  myself,  much  less  others,  by  an  essay, 
****** 

Mrs.  C.  and  the  Judge  join  in  affectionate  remembrances. 

God  bless  you, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

It  is  scarcely  necessary  to  remind  the  reader  that  Mr.  Pinkney 
succeeded  to  the  Attorney  Generalship  in  December  of  this  year, 
and  that  Wirt's  accession  to  this  post  was  only  deferred  until  the 
succeeding  administration  at  Washington  found  occasion  for  his 
services. 

Passing  from  these  topics,  the  reader  w^ill  be  pleased  with  the 
glimpse,  which  the  next  letter  alfords,  into  the  privacy  of  do- 
mestic life,  and  the  affectionate  solicitude  with  which  tiie  subject 
of  our  memoir  devoted  himself  to  the  education  of  his  children. 
His  eldest  daughter  Laura  was  now  eight  years  of  age.  He  has 
already  marked  out  her  course  of  study ;  and  his  aim  is  to  awaken 
her  mind  to  a  perception  of  the  value  of  the  discipline  he  incul- 
cates. To  that  end  this  letter  is  addressed  to  her,  in  language  of 
such  plain  and  simple  structure, — almost  in  words  of  single  syl- 
lables— as  may  reach  the  comprehension  of  a  child,  but,  at  the 
same  time,  wrought  with  admirable  skill  into  a  moral  lesson  of 
exquisite  beauty. 


324  LETTER    TO    HIS    DAUGHTER.  [1811. 

There  is  nothing  amongst  Mr.  Wirt's  productions  more  pleas- 
antly characteristic  of  himself,  than  this  letter  to  his  child. 

TO    LAURA    H.    WIRT. 

Richmond,  September  13,  1811. 
My  Dear  Laura  : 

I  would  have  answered  your  letter  sooner,  but  that  my  courts 
and  my  clients  hardly  leave  me  time  to  write  to  your  dear  mother, 
to  whom,  of  all  other  earthly  creatures,  you  and  I  owe  our  first 
duties.  But  I  have  not  loved  you  the  less  for  not  writing  to  you  : 
on  the  contrary,  I  have  been  thinking  of  you  with  the  greatest 
affection,  and  praying  for  you  on  my  bended  knees,  night  and 
morning,  humbly  begging  of  God  that  he  would  bless  you  with 
health  and  happiness,  and  make  you  an  ornament  to  your  sex,  and 
a  blessing  to  your  parents.  But  we  must  not  be  like  the  man  that 
prayed  to  Hercules  to  help  his  wagon  out  of  the  mud,  and  was 
too  lazy  to  try  to  help  himself: — no,  we  must  be  thoughtful;  try 
our  very  best  to  learn  our  books,  and  to  be  good ;  and  then  if  we 
call  upon  our  Father  in  heaven,  he  will  help  us.  I  am  very  glad  your 
Latin  grammar  is  becoming  easier  to  you.  It  will  be  more  and 
more  so,  the  more  you  give  your  whole  mind  to  it.  God  has  been 
very  kind  in  blessing  you  with  a  sound  understanding;  and,  it 
would  be  sinful  in  you  to  neglect  such  a  great  blessing,  and 
suffer  your  mind  to  go  to  ruin,  instead  of  improving  it  by  study, 
and  making  it  beautiful,  as  well  as  useful,  to  yourself  and  others. 
It  would  be  almost  as  bad  as  it  would  be  for  Uncle  Cabell  to  be 
so  lazy  himself,  and  to  sutler  his  laborers  to  be  so  lazy,  as  to  let 
his  rich  low  grounds  run  up  all  in  weeds,  instead  of  corn,  and  so 
have  no  bread  to  give  his  family,  and  let  them  all  starve  and  die. 
Now  your  mind  is  as  rich  as  Uncle  Cabell's  low  grounds ;  and, 
all  that  your  mother  and  father  ask  of  you,  is,  that  you  will  not 
be  so  idle  as  to  let  it  run  to  weeds;  but  that  you  will  be  indus- 
trious and  studious,  and  so  your  mind  will  bring  a  fine  crop  of 
fruits  and  flowers. 

Suppose  there  was  a  nest  full  of  beautiful  young  birds,  so  young 
that  they  could  not  fly  and  help  themselves,  and  they  were  open- 
ing their  little  mouths  and  crying  for  something  to  eat  and  drink, 
and  their  parents  would  not  bring  tbem  any  thing,  but  w^ere  to  let 


CHAP.  XIX.]  LETTER    TO    HIS    DAUGHTER.  S2o 

them  cry  on  from  morning  till  night,  till  they  starved  and  died, 
would  not  they  be  very  wicked  parents  .''     Now,  your  mind  is  this 
nest  full  of  beautiful  little   singing  birds  ;    much  more   beautiful 
and  melodious  than  any  canary  birds  in  the  world  ;  and  there  sits 
fancy,  and  reason,  and  memory,  and  judgment, — all  with  their  little 
heads  thrust  forward  out  of  the  nest,  and  crying  as  hard  as  they 
can  for  something  to  eat  and  drink.     Will  you  not  love  your  father 
and  mother  for  trying  to  feed  them  with  books  and   learning,  the 
only  kind  of  meat  and  drink  they  love,  and  without  which  those 
sweet  little  songsters  must,  in  a  few  years,  hang  their  heads  and 
die  }     Nay,  will  you  not  do  your  very  best  to  help  your  father  and 
mother  to  feed  them,  that  they  may  grow  up,  get  a  full  suit  of 
line  glossy  feathers,  and  cheer  the  house  with  their  songs  .-^     And, 
moreover,  w^ould  it  not  be  very  wrong  to  feed  some  of  them 
only,  and  let  the  rest  starve .''     You  are  very  fond,  when  you  get  a 
new  story  book,  of  running  through  it  as  fast  as  you  can,  just 
for  the  sake  of  knowing  what  happened  to  this  one,  and  that  one  ; 
in  doing  this,  you  are  only  feeding  one  of  the  four  birds  I  have 
mentioned, — that  is  fancy,  which,  to  be  sure,  is  the  loudest  singer 
among  them,  and  will  please  you  most  while  you  are  young.    But, 
while  you  are  thus  feeding  and  stuffing  fancy, — reason,  memory  and 
judgment  are  starving;  and  yet,  by-and-bye,  you  will  think  their 
notes  much  softer  and  sweeter  than  those  of  fancy,  although  not 
so  loud,  and  wild,  and  varied.    Therefore,  you  ought  to  feed  those 
other  birds,  too  :  they  eat  a  great  deal  slower  than  fancy  :  they  re- 
quire the  grains  to  be  pounded  in  a  mortar  before  they  can  get 
any  food  from  them ;  that  is,  when  you  read  a  pretty  story,  you 
must  not  gallop  over  it  as  fast  as  you  can,  just  to  learn  what  hap- 
pened ;  but,  you  must  stop  every  now  and  then,  and  consider  why 
one  of  the  persons  you  are  reading  of  is  so  much  beloved,  and 
another  so  much  hated.     This  sort  of  consideration  pounds  the 
grains  in  a  mortar,  and  feeds  reason  and  judgment.     Then  you 
must  determine  that  you  will  not  forget  that  story,  but  that  you 
will  try  to  remember  every  part  of  it,  that  you  may  shape  your 
own  conduct  by  it, — doing  those  good  actions  which  the  story  has 
told  you  will  make  people  love  you,  and  avoiding  those  evil  ones 
which  you  liiid  will  make  them  hate  you.     This  is  feeding  memory 
and  judgment  both  at  once.     Memory,  too,  is  remaikably  fond  of 
a  tit-bit  of  Latin  grammar ;  and,  though  the  food  is  hard  to  come 
VOL.  1—28 


326  THE    BATTURE    CASE.  [ISll. 

at,  yet  the  sweet  little  bird  must  not  starve.  The  rest  of  them  could 
do  nothing  without  her,  for,  if  she  was  to  die,  they  would  never 
sing  again,  at  least  not  sweetly. 

Your  affectionate  father, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


We  have  seen  that,  almost  from  the  first  moments  of  Mr.  Jef- 
ferson's acquaintance  with  Mr.  Wirt,  a  friendly  intercourse  had 
grown  up  between  them,  which  had  gradually  ripened  into  the 
most  cordial  esteem  and  confidence.  It  was  this  sentiment,  on  the 
part  of  Mr.  Jetferson,  which  led  him  to  employ  his  young  friend 
in  the  prosecution  of  Burr.  He  subsequently  engaged  him  as  his 
private  counsel  in  various  matters  which  required  legal  advice. 
After  his  retirement  from  the  presidency,  he  had  more  than  once 
been  annoyed  by  suits  which  were  more  properly  the  care  of  the 
Government,  but  in  which  attempts  were  made  to  hold  him  respon- 
sible, in  his  own  person,  for  acts  done  in  the  course  of  his  public 
administration.  Of  this  character  was  the  suit  brought  against  him 
in  1810,  by  Mr.  Edward  Livingston,  which  was  now  pending  for 
trial,  in  the  Circuit  Court  of  the  United  States,  at  Richmond. 
Tliis  case  is  well  known  to  the  legal  profession  as  the  Batture 
case,  which,  in  its  progress,  occupied  a  considerable  share  of  the 
public  attention,  and,  not  confined  to  the  courts,  produced  a  very 
learned  and  elaborate  controversy  between  the  two  distinguished 
parties  to  the  cause. 

New  Orleans  was  the  theatre  of  the  great  excitement  to  which 
the  incidents  belonging  to  this  controversy  had  given  rise.  The 
new  beach  formed  by  the  deposits  of  the  Mississippi,  upon  every 
annual  flood,  had  been  claimed  by  the  proprietors  of  the  adjacent 
bank,  as  legal  accretions  to  their  own  possessions.  Mr.  Livingston 
being  one  of  these  proprietors  of  valuable  lots  in  the  city,  had  as- 
serted his  claim,  in  1806  and  7,  to  new  soil  coming  within  this 
description  of  increase  by  alluvion.  He  had  done  this  to  the  dis- 
content of  many  persons  in  New  Orleans,  who  apprehended,  from 
certain  works  constructed  by  him  upon  the  beach, — or  batture,  as 
it  was  called, — serious  injury  to  the  harbor.  The  intervention  of 
the  General  Government  was  demanded  in  the  matter,  upon  the 
ground  that  the  beaches  and  beds  of  rivers  were  under  its  special 


CHAP,  XIX.]  THE    BATTURE    CASE.  327 

protection.  Great  exasperation  prevailed  in  the  city  against  Mr. 
Living'ston.  Riots  were  threatened  ;  and  the  grand  jury  had  pre- 
sented the  new  structure  on  the  beach  as  a  nuisance.  In  response 
to  the  application  to  the  government,  Mr.  Jefferson  had  directed 
the  laborers,  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Livingston,  to  be  driven  oH"  the 
ground,  which  order  was  finally  enforced  by  a  posse  comitatiis. 
This  was  done  in  opposition  to  the  judgment  of  a  local  Court 
which  had  decreed  in  favor  of  Mr.  Livingston. 

The  consequence  of  these  proceedings  was,  as  has  been  already 
stated,  a  suit  against  Mr.  Jelferson  for  a  trespass.  Mr.  Wirt,  Mr. 
Hay  and  Mr.  Tazewell,  were  employed  as  his  counsel,  and  were 
furnished  with  full  notes  of  the  merits  of  the  controversy.  The 
case,  liowever,  never  reached  a  discussion  of  the  merits  of  the 
chief  questions  between  the  parties.  It  was  dismissed  after  argu- 
ment,— Mr.  Wickham  appearing  for  the  plaintiff, — upon  the  opin- 
ion of  Judges  Marshall  and  Tucker,  that  the  Court  in  Virginia 
could  not  take  cognizance  of  a  trespass  committed  on  lands  in 
Louisiana.  This  sudden  termination  of  the  case  seemed  to  be 
equally  unsatisfactory  to  both  parties,  who  had  made  such  ample 
preparation  for  the  main  battle  as  not  willingly  to  be  reconciled 
to  give  it  up.  The  controversy  was  therefore  resumed  with  pen 
and  ink,  and  a  vast  amount  of  learning,  seasoned  by  a  due  admix- 
ture of  sarcasm,  wit  and  invective,  was  lavished  upon  the  subject, 
very  much  to  the  edification  of  contentious  riparian  possessors 
and  claimants  of  alluvial  deposits  forever  hereafter. 

Contemporaneous  with  this  proceeding,  we  have  a  correspon- 
dence between  Mr.  Jefferson  and  Mr.  Wirt,  upon  a  subject  of  more 
general  interest,  as  connected  with  the  political  history  of  the 
past.  The  lapse  of  thirty-seven  years  has  stript  this  correspon- 
dence of  its  private  and  confidential  character,  and  may  now  be 
opened  to  the  public  without  api}rehension  of  unfriendly  comment. 

Duane,  the  editor  of  the  Aurora  in  Philadelphia,  who  had 
been  a  most  efiective  supporter  of  Mr.  Jeflerson's  administration, 
had  lost  much  ground  with  the  republican  party,  by  his  assault  upon 
Mr.  Madison  and  Mr.  Gallatin  during  the  presidential  canvass 
in  which  the  former  of  these  gentlemen  had  succeeded  to  the 
Chief  Magistracy.  The  consequence  of  this  imprudence  was  a 
sensible  diminution  of  the  means  to  sustain  his  paper.  The 
government  "  organ,"  in  those  days,  had  not  that  secret  mine  of 


328  LETTER    FROM    MR.    JEFFERSON.  [1811- 


treasure  which  the  experience  of  our  time  has  found  in  the 
patronage  of  the  ruling  party.  Duane  was  in  distress,  and  needed 
additional  support.  In  this  strait  he  applied  to  Mr.  Jefferson,  in 
the  hope  that,  by  his  recommendation,  the  subscription  list  of  the 
Aurora  would  be  enlarged,  and  the  republican  party  be  induced  to 
contribute  what  might  be  found  necessary.  How  this  application 
fared  wnll  be  seen  in  the  extracts  from  the  few  letters  to  which  1 
have  referred. 


FROM    MR.    JEFFERSON    TO    MR.    WIRT. 

MoNTicELLO,  March  30,  1811. 
Dear  Sir  : 

Mr.  Dabney  Carr  has  written  to  you  on  the  situation  of  the 
editor  of  the  Aurora,  and  our  desire  to  support  him. 

That  paper  has  unquestionably  rendered  incalculable  services 
to  republicanism  througli  all  its  struggles  Avith  the  federalists,  and 
has  been  the  rallying  point  for  the  orthodoxy  of  the  whole  Union. 
It  was  our  comfort  in  the  gloomiest  days,  and  is  still  performing 
the  office  of  a  w^atchful  sentinel.  We  should  be  ungrateful  to 
desert  him,  and  unf&ithful  to  our  own  interests  to  lose  him.  Still, 
I  am  sensible,  and  I  hope  others  are  so  too,  that  one  of  his  late 
attacks  is  as  unfounded,  as  it  is  injurious  to  the  republican  cause. 
I  mean  that  on  Mr.  Gallatin,  than  whom  there  is  no  truer  man, 
and  who,  after  the  President,  is  the  ark  of  our  safety. 

I  have  thought  it  material  that  the  editor  should  understand  that 
that  attack  has  no  part  in  the  motives  for  what  we  may  do  for 
him :  that  we  do  not,  thereby,  make  ourselves  partisans  against 
Mr.  Gallatin ;  but  while  w^e  differ  from  him  on  that  subject,  we 
retain  a  just  sense  of  all  his  other  services,  and  will  not  be  wanting 
as  far  as  we  can  aid  him. 

For  this  purpose  I  have  written  him  the  enclosed  answer  to  his 
letter,  which  I  send  for  your  perusal,  on  supposition  that  you 
concur  in  the  sentiment,  and  would  be  unwilling  he  should  mis- 
construe the  service  you  may  be  able  to  render  him,  as  an 
encouragement  to  proceed  in  the  mischievous  undertaking  of 
writing  down  Mr.  Gallatin.  Be  so  good  as  to  return  the  paper 
w  hen  read ;  and  to  be  assured  of  my  sincere  and  constant 
attachment  and   respect. 

Thomas  Jefferson. 


CHAP  XIX. ]      CORRESPONDENCE  WITH  MR.   JEFFERSON.  329 


TO    THOMAS    JEFFERSON. 

Richmond,  April  10,  1811. 
Dear  Sir  : 

I  have  your  favors  by  the  last  mail,  and  will  attend  to  them  with 
much  pleasure. 

If  any  thing  could  be  done  for  Colonel  D.  here,  it  would  be  by 
shewing  the  copy  of  your  letter  to  him.  I  shall  retain  it  for 
another  mail,  that  I  may  receive  your  directions  as  to  making  use 
of  it  or  not.  You  may  rely  upon  it  that  D's  name  has  no  magic 
in  it  here.  He  is  considered  as  the  foe  of  Mr.  Madison  ;  and  the 
republicans  here  have  no  sympathy  with  any  man  who  carries 
opposition  colors,  whether  federalist,  qidd  or  tertium  quid. 

The  distinction  which  you  make  between  the  past  fidelity  and 
present  aberration  of  the  Aurora,  is  just, liberal  and  magnanimous; 
and  the  sentiment  might,  perhaps,  be  spread  by  the  contagion  of 
your  letter.  1  have  made  one  experiment,  to-day,  without  it.  The 
answer  was,  that  D.  could  not  want  friends,  since  his  alliance  with 
the  S s. 

By  the  next  mail,  1  shall  have  satisfied  myself  conclusively  as 
to  the  possibility  of  my  doing  anything  without  the  aid  of  your 
letter. 

With  respectful  affection, 

Your  friend  and  servant, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


Dear  Sir  : 


TO    THOMAS    JEFFERSON. 

Richmond,  April  17,  1811. 

****** 


The  copy  of  your  letter  to  D.  has  been  shown  to  one  person 

only 

*  *  *  With  the  use  of  that  letter,  some- 

thing important  might  be  done  for  D.  in  spite  of  the  adverse  spirit 
or,  at  least,  distrust  which  the  factious  and  equivocal  character  of 
his  paper  has  lately  excited — equivocal  in  relation  to  Mr.  Madi- 
son. But  his  three  or  four  last  papers  contain  such  insulting  para- 
graphs in  relation  to  Mr.  Madison,  that  I  think  it  very  dubious 
VOL.  1—28* 


330  CORRESPONDENCE    WITH  MR.    JEFFERSON.  [1811. 

^vhether  even  your  letter  would  not  be  too  late,  had  I  been  per- 
mitted to  show  it. 

The  paper  is  regarded,  now,  as  an  opposition  one.  In  what 
other  light  can  it  be  regarded,  when  it  exhibits  the  President  as 
being  so  perfectly  the  tool  of  Mr.  Gallatin,  as  to  have  descended 
from  the  ground  of  a  gentleman  in  relation  to  Mr.  S.,  and  played 
him  "  a  shabby  Genevan  trick.''  " 

******* 

Can  charity  or  magnanimity  require  us  longer  to  adhere  to  this 
man .''  Can  he  consider  it  as  persecution  to  desert  him,  after  he 
has  abandoned  his  cause,  the  people  and  the  President,  and  has 
begun  to  strain  every  nerve  to  bring  them  into  contempt .''  I  think 
he  has  for  some  time  required  a  lesson  on  the  subject  of  modesty, 
which  the  people  will  now  give. 

****** 

Every  gentleman  who  mentions  this  subject  in  my  hearing, 
speaks  with  the  warmest  resentment  against  D.  Believe  me,  it  is 
impossible  to  do  any  thing  for  him  here  now ;  and  any  further 
attempt  would  only  disable  me  from  rendering  any  service  to  the 
cause  hereafter.  It  is  the  impracticability  of  serving  him  pro- 
duced by  his  own  conduct,  as  well  as  the  violation  I  feel  it 
would  be  of  my  sentiments  for  Mr.  Madison,  that  prevent  me  from 
proceeding.  *  *  *  *  j  return,  here- 

with, the  copy  of  Mr.  D's  letter  to  you,  and  yours  to  him ;  and 
beg  you  to  be  assured  of  my  respectful  and  affectionate  devotion. 

Wm.  Wirt. 

thomas  jefferson  to  william  wirt. 

MoNTicELLo,  May  3,  1811. 
Dear  Sir: 

The  interest  you  were  so  kind  as  to  take,  at  my  request,  in  the 
case  of  Duane,  and  the  communication  to  you  of  my  first  letter  to 
him,  entitles  you  to  a  communication  of  the  second,  wOiich  will 
probably  be  the  last.  I  have  ventured  to  quote  your  letter  in  it, 
without  giving  your  name,  and  even  softening  some  of  its  ex- 
pressions respecting  him.  It  is  possible  Duane  may  be  reclaimed 
as  to  Mr.  Madison — but,  as  to  Mr.  Gallatin,  I  despair  of  it.  That 
enmity  took  its  rise  from  a  suspicion  that  Mr.  Gallatin  interested 


CHAP,  XIX.]      CORRESPONDENCE    WITH    MR.  JEFFERSON.       331 


himself  in  the  election  of  their  Governor,  against  the  views  of 
Duane  and  his  friends.  I  do  not  believe  Mr.  Gallatin  meddled  in 
it.  I  was  in  conversation  with  him  nearly  every  day  during  the 
contest,  and  I  never  heard  him  express  any  bias  in  the  case.  The 
ostensible  grounds  of  the  attack  on  Mr.  Gallatin  are  all  either 
false  or  futile. 

******* 

But  they  say  he  was  hostile  to  me.  This  is  false.  I  was  in- 
debted to  nobody  for  more  cordial  aid  than  to  Mr.  Gallatin;  nor 
could  any  man  more  solicitously  interest  himself  in  behalf  of 
another  than  he  did  of  myself.  His  conversations  with  Erskine  are 
objected  as  meddling  out  of  his  department.  Why  then  do  they 
not  object  to  Mr.  Smith's  with  Rose  ?  The  whole  nearly  of  that 
negotiation,  as  far  as  it  was  transacted  verbally,  was  by  Mr. 
Smith.  The  business  was  in  this  way,  explained  informally ;  and, 
on  understandings  thus  obtained,  Mr.  Madison  and  myself  shaped 
our  formal  proceedings.  In  fact,  the  harmony  among  us  w^as  so 
perfect,  that  whatever  instrument  appeared  most  likely  to  effect 
the  object  was  always  used  without  jealousy.  Mr.  Smith  happened 
to  calch  Mr.  Rose's  favor  and  confidence  at  once.  We  perceived 
that  Rose  would  open  himself  more  frankly  to  him  than  to  Mr. 
Madison,  and  we,  therefore,  made  him  the  medium  of  obtaining 
an  understanding  of  Mr.  Rose. 

Mr.  Gallatin's  support  of  the  Bank  has,  I  believe,  been  disap- 
proved by  many.  He  was  not  in  Congress  when  that  was  estab- 
lished, and,  therefore,  had  never  committed  himself  publicly  on 
the  constitutionality  of  that  institution,  nor  do  I  recollect  ever  to 
have  heard  him  declare  himself  on  it.  I  know  he  derived  immense 
convenience  from  it,  because  they  gave  the  effect  of  ubiquity  to 
his  money  wherever  deposited.  Money  in  New  Orleans  or  Maine 
was,  at  his  command  and  by  their  agency,  transformed  in  an  in- 
stant into  money  in  London,  in  Paris,  Amsterdam  or  Canton.  He 
was  therefore  cordial  to  the  Bank.  I  often  pressed  him  to  divide 
the  public  deposits  among  all  the  respectable  banks,  being  indig- 
nant myself  at  the  open  hostility  of  that  institution  to  a  govern- 
ment on  whose  treasures  they  were  fattening.  But  his  repugnance 
to  it  prevented  my  persisting.  And,  if  he  was  in  favor  of  the 
Bank — what  is  the  amount  of  that  crime  or  error  in  which  he  had 
a  majority,  save  one,  in  each  House  of  Congress  as  participators  ? 


332  CORRESPONDENCE    WITH   MR.  JEFFERSON.  [1811. 

Yet,  on  these  facts  endeavors  are  made  to  drive  from  the  adminis- 
tration the  ablest  man,  except  the  President,  who  ever  was  in  it, 
and  to  beat  down  the  President  himself,  because  he  is  unwilling  to 
part  with  so  able  a  counsellor,  I  believe  Duane  to  be  a  very 
honest  man,  and  sincerely  republican;  but  his  passions  are  stronger 
than  his  prudence,  and  his  personal  as  well  as  general  antipathies 
render  him  very  intolerant.  These  traits  lead  him  astray,  and 
require  his  readers — even  those  who  value  him  for  his  steady  sup- 
port of  the  republican  cause,  to  be  on  their  guard  against  his 
occasional  aberrations.  He  is  eager  for  war  against  England, — 
hence  his  abuse  of  the  two  last  Congresses.  But  the  people  wish 
for  peace.  The  re-election  of  the  same  men  prove  it;  and,  in- 
deed, war  against  Bedlam  would  be  just  as  rational  as  against 
Europe,  in  its  present  condition  of  total  demoralization.  When 
peace  becomes  more  losing  than  war,  we  may  prefer  the  latter 
on  principles  of  pecuniary  calculation.  But  for  us  to  attempt  a 
war  to  reform  all  Europe,  and  bring  them  back  to  principles  of 
morality  and  a  respect  for  equal  rights  of  nations,  would  show  us 
to  be  only  maniacs  of  another  character.  We  should,  indeed, 
have  the  merit  of  the  good  intentions,  as  well  as  the  folly,  of  the 

hero  of  La  Mancha.     But  I  am  getting  beyond  the  object  of 

my  letter,  and  will,  therefore,  here  close  it,  with  assurances  of 
my  great  esteem  and  respect. 

Th.  Jefferson. 


CHAPTER   XX. 

1812—1813. 

THE  WAR.  — ITS  EXCITEMENTS.— WIRT  DECLINES  A  COMMISSION  IN  THE 
ARMY.— VOLUNTEER  SOLDIERV— LIFE  OF  HENRY.— BURNING  OF  THE  RICH- 
MOND THEATRE.— GOVERNOR  SMITH CARR  APPOINTED  CHANCELLOR,  AND 

REMOVES  TO  WINCHESTER LETTERS   TO  HIM W.  ATTEMPTS  TO  WRITE 

A    COMEDY.  — JUDGE    TUCKER'S     OPINION    OF    THE    INFLUENCE    OF   SUCH 

LITERATURE   ON   PROFESSIONAL    CHARACTER DIFFICULTY  OF  COMEDY — 

PROFESSIONAL    DIGNITY RICHMOND    BAR ANECDOTE    OF    A    TRIAL     BE- 
TWEEN   VVICKHA.M   AND   HAY.— EPIGRAM WARDEN — LETTER    TO    CARR.— 

TIRED     OF    THE     OLD    BACHELOR.  — BIOGRAPHY. —  LETTER     FROM     JUDGE 
TUCKER   ON   THIS    SUBJECT.— INCIDENTS    OF   THE   WAR.— BRITISH  ASCEND 

TO  CITY  POINT WIRT  RAISES  A  CORPS  OF  FLYING  ARTILLERY.— LET'i'ER 

TO   MRS.  W— TO  DABNEY  CARR GILMER,  A   STUDENT   OF   LAW.— LETTER 

OF   ADVICE   TO   HIM. 

We  have  now  approached  a  period  of  great  public  concern — 
the  war  of  1812.  They  who  remember  the  interest  which  the 
events  of  that  period  excited,  will  not  need  to  be  told  that  it  per- 
vaded every  portion  of  the  country  and  furnished  an  absorbing 
topic  for  every  social  circle.  Along  the  Atlantic  border,  this 
interest  was  increased  by  continual  alarms  produced  by  the  enemy, 
whose  squadrons  hovered  upon  the  coast  and  not  unfrcquently 
made  descents  upon  exposed  or  unprotected  points.  Although  the 
Canada  frontier  was  the  scene  of  the  severest  conflicts,  and  was 
therefore  brought  to  realize  the  worst  extremes  of  war,  there  was 
still  enough  of  threatened  and  actual  collision  upon  the  bays  and 
rivers  of  the  Atlantic  and  the  Gulf  of  Mexico,  to  keep  all  that 
region  in  a  slate  of  anxious  outlook  and  busy  preparation.  The 
blockade  of  this  coast,  in  general  loosely  and  inadequately  main- 
tained, was  rigidly  enforced  at  two  points,  by  the  presence  of 
ships  of  war  in  the  Delaware  and  Chesapeake.  The  cities  of 
Philadelphia,  Baltimore,  Norfolk,  and  Richmond  were  thus  ad- 
monished of  impending  danger,  and  were  consequently  ever  upon 
the  alert.  The  frigate  Constellation  lay  at  Norfolk,  and  more 
than  one  effort  was  made  by  Admiral  Warren  to  effect  her 
capture.     One  of  these  efforts  in  June,  1813,  was  the  assault  of 


334  THE    WAR.  [1812— 1S13. 

Craney  Island,  where  the  British  forces  were  defeated  by  the 
Virginia  militia,  aided  by  the  seamen  of  the  Constellation,  under 
the  command  of  Commodore  Stewart.  The  village  of  Hampton 
was  afterwards  attacked  by  the  British  and  taken,  and  the  most 
disgraceful  barbarities  practised  upon  the  inhabitants  ;  barbarities 
which  were  the  more  atrocious,  as  they  were  directed,  in  some 
notable  cases,  against  women  wiio  were  forced  to  submit  to  the 
most  shocking  outrages  from  a  licentious  soldiery.  The  par- 
ticulars of  this  execrable  violation  of  the  rules  of  civilized 
W'arfare  are  yet  fresh  in  the  memory  of  that  region,  and  obtained, 
at  the  time,  a  prominent  notoriety  amongst  the  most  revolting 
events  of  the  war. 

It  may  be  imagined  that  such  incidents  aroused  a  universal 
feeling  of  anxiety  every  W'here  over  the  district  within  the 
supposed  reach  of  the  power  of  the  squadron,  and  kept  the 
people  of  the  country  in  a  constant  state  of  feverish  expectation 
of  the  probability  of  fresh  encounters.  The  militia  of  the  interior 
were  always  prepared  for  a  summons  to  the  coast ;  volunteer 
companies  were  every  where  formed  ;  and  the  stir  and  show  and 
apparatus  of  war  became  the  most  familiar  objects  to  all  classes 
of  the  population. 

With  all  the  disquietude  and  uneasy  apprehension  which 
belonged  to  such  a  state  of  things,  there  was  also  a  certain  degree 
of  intense  and  pleasant  excitement,  which  was  greatly  relished 
by  the  younger  and  more  enterprising  portions  of  the  community. 
The  preparations  for  camp  life  and  the  occasional  experience  of 
it ;  the  expectation  of  actual  service  which  was  ever  present  to 
those  selected  for  duty ;  the  busy  activity  of  preparation ;  the 
martial  aspect  of  every  society  ;  the  military  array  seen  in  every 
town ;  the  music,  the  banners,  the  daily  parade,  the  rapid  muster 
and  equipment  of  men  ;  the  frequent  marching  of  detachments  to 
threatened  points ;  the  performance  of  garrison  duty,  the  brother- 
hood and  companionship  of  military  life;  its  adventures,  its  stories, 
its  comic  as  well  as  serious  incidents  ;  all  this,  under  the  pleasant 
skies  of  a  mild  season  of  the  year,  without  the  discomforts  and 
sufferings  of  a  severe  campaign, — not  far  from  home,  and  conse- 
quently within  the  reach  of  abundant  food  and  shelter, — gave  a 
kind  of  sunshiny  holiday  attraction  to  the  period,  which,  as  I  have 


CriAP.  XX.]  DECLINES    THE    REGULAR    SERVICE.  ^So 

remarked,  rendered  the  war,  to  the  great  mass  of  those  who  were 
most  familiar  with  these  scenes,  rather  a  pleasant  change  from 
the  monotony  of  ordinar}^  quiet  life. 

Richmond  was  one  of  the  centres  of  this  excitement;  near 
enough  to  be  threatened  with  invasion, — yet  sufficiently  remote  to 
be  guarded  against  sudden  surprise.  During  the  two  years  of  the 
war,  therefore,  she  may  be  said,  with  some  exceptions,  to  have 
found  in  the  agitation  of  the  public  events,  an  agreeable  supply  of 
novelty  to  feed  that  appetite  for  news  which  was  scarcely  less  char- 
acteristic of  the  gossiping  Athenians  in  the  days  of  Pericles,  than 
of  our  own  people  in  the  time  to  which  I  have  referred, — which, 
indeed,  has  suffered  no  abatement  since. 

Wirt  was,  at  this  time,  at  the  head  of  his  profession,  enjoying 
a  full  share  of  its  employment  and  emoluments.  The  war  was 
now  at  his  door.  The  military  ardor  of  1807,  which  was  strong 
enough  then  to  take  him,  if  occasion  offered,  to  Canada,  was  now 
somewhat  tempered  by  the  monitions  of  professional  and  domestic 
duties.  The  idea  of  the  legion  was  not  revived :  Canada  was 
committed  to  other  hands  ;  and  all  those  dreams  of  martial  glory, 
which  had  once  captivated  his  younger  imagination,  were  sobered 
into  a  sensible  resolve  to  do  his  duty  at  home,  as  a  citizen  soldier, 
when  called  upon,  and  to  transfer  his  aspirations  after  warlike 
renown,  to  those  whom  fortune  had  not  yet  favored  with  a  better 
reputation. 

Some  intimation  was  given  to  Mr.  Madison,  by  a  friend,  that 
Wirt  would  still  accept  a  commission  in  the  army.  This  led  him 
to  write  to  the  President  a  letter,  declining  such  an  appointment, — 
in  which  he  stated,  that  "  however  strong  the  desire  to  enter  the 
service  of  the  country  actively,  the  situation  of  his  private  aff'airs 
would  not  permit  it.  Circumstanced  as  he  was,  such  a  step  would 
be  a  sacrifice,  not  called  for  by  the  posture  of  the  country,  and 
wholly  incompatible  with  his  duties  to  his  family." 

Thus  renouncing  a  purpose  which  he  had,  a  i'ew  years  before, 
cherished  with  so  much  zeal,  he  was  now  content  to  take  his  part 
in  the  scenes  around  him,  in  whatever  manner  he  might  be  able  to 
make  himself  useful.  A  portion  of  the  British  squadron  had,  at 
one  time  in  1813,  ascended  the  James  River  as  high  as  City  Point, 
and  thereby  aroused  the  Capital  to  a  vivid  apprehension  of  an 
attack.     At  tliis  juncture,  Wirt  raised  a  corps  of  flying  artillery, 


336  THE   FLYING    ARTILLERY.  [1S12-1813. 


which,  consisting  of  the  choicest  material  of  the  country,  was, 
under  his  command,  brought  into  an  excellent  state  of  discipline 
and  efficiency — alas !  without  an  opportunity,  (as  we  may  say, 
without  disparagement,  it  fortunately  turned  out,)  to  demonstrate 
their  own  or  their  leader's  prowess  before  the  enemy.  Richmond 
survived  the  many  attacks  which  were  threatened  without  being 
made ;  and  was  favored  with  the  most  satisfactory  opportunities, 
short  of  bloodshed,  to  evince  her  patriotism  and  public  spirit. 
Thus  be  it  ever  in  all  future  wars ! 

The  valor  of  our  volunteer  soldiery,  which  has  latterly  worked 
such  miracles  upon  the  bloody  fields  of  Mexico,  was  not  less  con- 
fided in  in  the  war  of  1812,  though  exposed,  at  that  time,  to  a 
much  severer  probation,  before  the  veteran  soldiers  of  Welling- 
ton. That  the  exploits  of  the  volunteers  of  that  day  were  not  so 
brilliant  as  those  of  the  latter  period,  we  may  attribute,  not  less  to 
the  character  of  the  army  itself,  than  to  that  of  the  enemy  each 
has  had  to  encounter.  The  levies  of  1812  were  gathered  from 
the  general  mass  of  the  population,  more  actuated  by  the  common 
sense  of  duty,  in  the  crisis,  than  by  any  predilection  for  military 
adventure.  They  included,  therefore,  citizens  of  all  ranks  and 
pursuits,  taken  from  the  very  midst  of  their  families  and  business, 
with  all  the  dependencies  and  concerns  of  domestic  life  yet 
strongly  soliciting  their  care  and  protection.  They  repaired  to 
the  field,  not  from  choice  so  much  as  from  a  sense  of  eminent  ne- 
cessity exacting  the  temporary  sacrifice  of  their  time  and  service. 
The  volunteers  of  Mexico,  on  the  contrary,  were  the  picked  men 
of  the  nation,  who,  devoting  themselves  to  a  service  more  than  a 
thousand  miles  from  home,  went  to  it  under  the  strong  impulse  of 
adventure  and  love  of  martial  life.  They  consisted  of  the  young, 
the  ardent  and  the  brave,  who,  for  the  time,  renounced  all  domes- 
tic pursuits,  and  marched  to  the  field,  animated  by  the  hope  of 
distinction  and  disenthralled  from  all  civil  cares  and  engagements. 
Thus  fortified  by  resolve,  stimulated  by  love  of  the  profession, 
cheered  by  loud  acclamations  of  friends,  unimpeded  by  domestic 
solicitude,  and  filled  with  the  ardor  and  courage  of  the  na- 
tional character,  they  more  resemble  the  chivalry  which,  a  few 
centuries  ago,  assembled  around  Gonsalvo  de  Cordova,  or  Gaston 
de  Foix,  in  their  descents  upon  the  fields  of  Italy,  than  they  do 
any  army  of  modern  times.     The  skill,  concert,  impetuous  valor 


CHAP.  XX.J  LIFE    OF    HENRY.  337 

and  persevering  labor  of  their  assaults,  will  be  the  theme  of  com- 
mendation from  military  critics  in  centuries  to  come ;  whilst  the 
brilliancy  of  their  victories  over  such  disproportioned  numbers, 
and  the  rapidity  of  their  conquest  of  the  strongholds  of  Mexico, 
will  be  regarded  as  the  marvels  of  the  age  in  which  they  were 
achieved. 

The  contests  of  the  regular  army  on  the  Canada  frontier,  in  the 
war  of  1812,  will  suffer  nothing  in  the  comparison  with  those  of 
the  latter  period.  The  laurels  won  by  the  youthful  General  at 
Chippewa  and  Lundy's  Lane,  will  retain  a  verdure  as  fresh  as 
those  which  the  same  chief  has  plucked  in  his  elder  day,  upon  the 
plains  of  Mexico. 

Wirt's  professional  engagements  had  now  so  multiplied  upon 
his  hands  as  nearly  to  engross  all  his  time,  and  the  reputation  fol- 
lowing his  success  seems  to  have  so  far  gratified  his  ambition,  as, 
in  a  great  degree  to  suspend  his  literary  projects  or,  at  least,  to 
restrict  them  to  few  and  desultory  efforts.  The  Old  Bachelor, 
the  greater  part  of  which  had  been  completed  in  the  year  1811, 
slumbered  through  all  the  following  year,  and,  after  a  slight  en- 
deavor towards  a  revival,  was  finally  disposed  of  in  1813.  The 
Life  of  Patrick  Henry,  too,  was  found  to  be  an  enterprise  of  less 
promise  than,  at  first,  it  seemed.  We  shall  have  occasion  here- 
after to  notice  the  embarrassments  of  this  task,  and  how  weary 
the  author  became  of  it. 

In  a  letter  from  Mr.  Jefferson  to  him  upon  this  subject,  the 
former  expresses  a  difficulty  in  regard  to  the  collection  and  the 
publication  of  facts  regarding  Henry,  which  Wirt  had  already  felt. 
In  answer  to  this  letter  Wirt  remarks — "  I  despair  of  the  subject. 
It  has  been  continually  sinking  under  me.  The  truth  perhaps, 
cannot  be  prudently  published  by  me  during  my  life.  I  propose, 
at  present,  to  prepare  it,  and  leave  the  manuscript  with  my  family. 
I  still  think  it  a  useful  subject,  and  one  which  may  be  advan- 
tageously wrought,  not  only  into  lessons  on  eloquence,  but  on  the 
superiority  of  solid  and  practical  parts  over  the  transient  and 
gaudy  show  of  occasion.  I  wish  only  it  had  been  convenient  to 
you  to  enable  me  to  illustrate  and  adorn  my  theme  by  a  short 
portrait  of  Mr.  Henry's  most  prominent  competitors." 

I  may  notice  here,  as  some  reference  to  the  event  will  be  made 
in  the  course  of  this  narrative,  that  Richmond  had,  in  the  last 
VOL.  1—29 


338  BURNING    OF    THE   THEATRE.  [1812—1813. 

week  of  the  year  1811 — tlie  day  after  Christmas — been  visited 
by  a  calamity  of  overvvhehiiing  horror,  in  the  burning  of  the  The- 
atre, during  a  performance  which  had  attracted  to  the  house  an 
unusual  crowd  of  the  most  cherished  members  of  the  society  of 
the  city.  Between  sixty  and  a  hundred  persons  were  burnt  up  in 
the  conflagration.  Amongst  these  were  the  Governor  of  the  State 
George  W.  Smith,  Mr.  Venable  the  President  of  the  Bank  of 
Virginia,  Mr.  Botts  the  gentleman  whom  we  have  seen  engaged 
as  one  of  the  counsel  of  Burr ;  the  wife  of  this  gentleman  and 
his  niece,  with  many  other  ladies  most  endeared  to  the  community 
of  Richmond — young  and  aged — were  also  whelmed  in  this  awful 
catastrophe.  Richmond  was  shrouded  in  mourning,  with  scarce  a 
family  in  it  that  had  not  suffered  some  bereavement.  So  melan- 
choly a  disaster,  we  may  suppose,  would  leave  its  traces  upon  the 
character  of  the  city  for  many  years.  It  was  long  before  Rich- 
mond resumed  that  cheerful  and  careless  tone  of  social  enjoyment 
for  which  it  was  previously  distinguished.* 

The  ensuing  letters  unfold  some  interesting  particulars  of  per- 
sonal history,  making  occasional  references  to  the  incidents  of  the 
war,  and  presenting  some  few  evidences  of  the  literary  aspirations, 
rather  than  labors,  of  the  writer.  They  furnish  besides,  agreeable 
pictures  of  the  contentment  and  cheerfulness  which  attend  a  pros- 
perous life. 

The  nomination  of  Judge  Carr  to  the  Bench,  by  the  Governor 
and  Council,  required  the  ratification  of  the  Legislature.     In  this 

*  I  find  a  manuscript  reference  to  this  sad  event,  amongst  the  papers  of  Mr.  Wirt, 
in  which  he  has  detailed  some  of  the  particulars  attending  the  death  of  the  Gov- 
ernor. I  extract  a  few  passages — "  On  the  fatal  night  of  his  death,"  says  this  re- 
cord, "  he  had  taken  his  wife  and  one  of  his  sons,  about  nine  or  ten  years  old,  to 
the  play.  At  the  cry  of  fire  he  led  Mrs.  Smith  into  the  box  lobby ;  and  recollecting 
that  he  had  left  his  little  son  behind  in  the  box,  he  told  her  to  remain  there  until  he 
stepped  back  for  the  boy.  It  was  her  wish  to  do  so,  but  the  pressure  of  the  crowd 
bore  her  away.  When  the  Governor  returned,  his  wife  was  not  to  be  seen.  He 
hastened  down  with  the  boy,  and  having  placed  him  in  safety  on  the  outside  of  the 
door,  returned,  it  is  supposed,  to  look  for  his  wife.  In  the  meantime,  she  after 
having  been  pressed  to  and  fro,  by  the  waving  motion  of  the  multitude,  was  fortu- 
nately driven  near  a  window,  just  at  the  time  when  the  word  was  given  to  '  break 
down  the  windows' — and  through  this,  by  a  leap  of  twelve  or  fifteen  feet,  she  made 
her  escape  without  other  injury  than  a  sprained  'ankle,  and  the  bruises  which  she 
received  from  the  pressure  of  the  crowd.  Her  husband,  unable  to  find  her,  perished 
in  the  generous  and  pious  pursuit." 


CHAP.  XX.]  CARR    APPOINTED    CHANCELLLOR.  339 


proceeding,  in  the  session  of  1812,  an  opposition  was  got  up  against 
the  Judge  sufficiently  strong  to  defeat  him.  During  the  year  in 
which  he  had  served  on  the  Bench,  it  was  universally  adnnitted 
that  entire  satisfaction  was  given  to  the  public — that,  in  fact,  the 
office  was  administered  with  distinguished  ability.  The  oppo- 
sition is  said  to  have  arisen  out  of  objections  of  a  purely  local 
character,  which  touched  what  w^as  supposed  to  be  the  claims  of 
other  persons.  It  is  said  that  acknowledging  the  Judge's  merits, 
and  with  a  special  purpose  to  retain  him  in  the  Judiciary,  the  Le- 
gislature created  a  new  Chancery  district,  of  which  Winchester 
was  the  seat  of  justice,  and  bestowed  the  appointment  to  it  upon 
him.  This  appointment  he  promptly  accepted.  It  compelled  liim 
to  chanire  his  residence  from  Charlottesville  to  Winchester.  The 
change  seems  to  have  gone  hard  with  him  for  some  time.  To  one 
of  his  genial  temper  and  love  of  domestic  associations,  such  a 
breaking  up  of  settled  habits  and  separation  from  familiar  faces, 
was  rather  a  severe  tax  upon  his  affections.  This  will  explain  the 
occasion  of  the  next  letter. 


TO    JUDGE   CARR. 

Montevideo,  Buckingham  Co.,  Nov.  12,  1812. 
Mv  Dear  Friend  : 

Cabell  and  myself  went  down  at  the  beginning  of  the  month  to 
attend  the  Court  of  Appeals,  where,  among  a  large  packet  of  other 
letters,  I  found  your  affecting  favor  from  Winchester,  which  I 
read  to  him.  As  1  had  been  all  the  summer  absent  from  Rich- 
mond, and  had  then  but  a  few  days  to  stay  with  the  Court  of  Ap- 
peals, for  whom  I  had  also  to  prepare  my  statements,  &c.,  I  could 
find  no  time  to  answer  you  from  that  city : — to  atone  for  it  I 
seize  the  first  hour  of  composure  here,  to  commune  with  you. 

I  need  not  tell  you  that  I  enter  fully  into  your  situation  and 
feelings/,  yet  I,  who  have  been  torn  so  often  from  neighborhoods 
and  friends,  and  forced  to  make  new  settlements  among  strangers, 
should  not  have  felt  the  change  on  my  own  account,  so  acutely. 
I  know,  experimentally,  that  the  first  pangs,  on  these  occasions, 
are  all  that  we  have  to  endure.  Nature  soon  accommodates  us  to 
every  change.     A  soft  and  not  unpleasing  melancholy,  from   a 


340  LETTERS    TO    CARR.  [1812—1813. 

remembrance  of  the  past,  now  and  then  recurs  in  the  pauses  of 
business  and  social  intercourse ;  but  from  circumstances  and  sit- 
uations apparently  the  most  unpromising  and  hopeless,  the  great 
vis  medicatrix  nalurm  enables  us  to  extract  not  merely  consolation, 
but  amusement  and  happiness.  We  become  acquainted  with  new 
characters  whose  oddities  divert  us ;  whose  intellectual  adroitness 
and  resources  interest  and  instruct  us ;  whose  amiable  qualities 
and  kind  oifers  warm  and  attach  our  hearts.  A  ditference  of  man- 
ners may  keep  us  asunder  for  a  time,  like  the  negative  and  posi- 
tive electricity  of  bodies  differently  charged,  but  intercourse  pro- 
duces an  assimilation,  and  instead  of  repelling,  we  begin  mutually 
to  attract ;  or  if  we  neither  acquire  the  manners  of  those  among 
whom  we  live,  nor  communicate  our  own  to  them,  yet  their  pecu- 
liarities soon  become  so  familiar  to  us,  that  we  are  not  conscious 
of  them,  but  look  at  once  through  them  to  the  heart  and  mind  of 
the  person. 

Now,  why  can  we  not  put  a  little  philosophical  force  upon 
ourselves,  and  anticipate  at  once  those  results  which  we  are  sure 
nature  will  ultimately  bring  about  ?  By  this  course,  we  shall  avoid 
the  painful  interval  between  the  first  repugnance,  and  the  accom- 
modation of  habit.  For  example,  if,  giving  way  to  this  repug- 
nance, we  hold  off,  shy  and  aloof,  we  shall  beget  equal  shyness  on 
the  other  hand,  and  the  interval  of  indifference  may  be  a  very  long 
one, — if  it  does  not  end  in  a  fixed  and  mutual  aversion.  If,  on  the 
other  hand,  in  instances  in  which  established  character,  or  our 
own  judgment  of  the  individual  warrants  it,  we  at  once  break 
through  our  prejudices  and  force  a  familiarity  and  intimacy,  we 
generate  those  same  qualities  in  strangers  towards  ourselves,  who 
have  also  their  prejudices  against  us  to  vanquish,  and  thus,  like 
Scott's  stag,  "at  one  brave  bound  the  copse  we  clear,"  &.c.  &,c., — 
"  which  &.C.  hath  much  learning  in  it." 

Why  may  you  not  form  new  friendships  there .''  I  must  be 
candid  enough  to  tell  you  that  I  feel  some  jealousy  at  this  sug- 
gestion, myself,  and  do  not  want  you  to  love  any  new  friend  quite 
so  well  as  I  hope  you  do  me,  and  as  I  certainly  do  you.  It  is  my 
magnanimity,  therefore,  or  the  nobler  side  of  my  friendship,  that 
suggests  this  consolation  to  you  for  those  friends  from  whom  you 
have  been  separated.     Against  these  suggestions,  you  may  urge 


CHAP.  XX.]  LETTERS    TO    CARR.  341 


the  common  opinion  that  ardent  friendship  cannot  be  formed  at 
your  advanced  slate  of  life.  To  be  sure,  /  cannot  reason  on  this 
point  experimentally — "  you  must  go  to  some  one  older  than  me." 
But  then,  1  am  informed  by  books,  of  men  nearly  as  old  as  your- 
self, who  have  formed  the  warmest  friendships  :  for  example, 
there  was  Walsh,  who  at  the  age  of  seventy  contracted  a  most 
vehement  friendship  for  Alexander  Pope,  then  only  sixteen  years 
of  age,  which  lasted  through  life,  that  is  through  Walsh's  life. 
And  Pope  himself,  when  sixty,  contracted  a  similar  friendship  for 
Warburton.  Examples  might  be  easily  multiplied  to  shew  the 
physical  possibility  of  such  friendship.  I  have,  myself,  formed 
the  most  sincere  and  disinterested  friendship  for  at  least  two  men, 
old  enough  to  treble  my  years ;  and  I  am  convinced  that  I  shall 
have  for  Frank  Gilmer,  (who  you  know  is  a  member  of  my  family 
now,)  as  warm  a  friendship  as  if  he  were  my  brother. 

This  disparity  of  age  seems  to  be  necessary  to  bring  about  tliat 
equality  which  in  some  way  or  other,  must  be  the  basis  of  friend- 
ship. Where  equality  of  years  is  wanting,  the  partnership  must 
be  rendered  equal  in  some  other  way.  For  instance,  one  brings 
youth  and  genius  into  the  fund ;  the  other,  age  and  character. 
Perhaps  a  better,  though  a  less  artificial  solution  of  it  is,  that  the 
one  or  the  other  must  be  inexperienced  and  credulous ;  the  other, 
conscious  of  his  own  purity. 

Two  old  men  do  not  form  these  friendships  :  reciprocally  aware 
of  the  fallacious  exterior  of  characters,  they  cannot  trust  each 
other. 

******* 

Fortunately   for  you,  the  tooth-ache  has  stopped  this  lecture. 

******* 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

Carr  did  not  receive  this  letter  until  it  was  brought  to  him 
enclosed  in  the  following  : 


VOL.  1—29* 


342  LETTERS    TO    CARR.  [1812—1813. 


TO    JUDGE  CARR. 

Richmond,  March  31,  1813. 
Yery  well,  sir; — consume*  and  abuse  me  as  much  as  you  please. 
Throw  my  letter  away,  and  say  that  I  have  delayed  writing  till 
all  the  grace  of  the  act  is  gone  ;  that,  now  you  have  become  ac- 
quainted in  Winchester  and  happy  in  your  new  acquaintance,  so 
as  no  longer  to  require  the  cheering  letters  of  your  old  friends,  I, 
ior  the  first  time,  begin  to  write;  that,  when  you  wished  me  to 
write,  I  would  not ;  and  that  when  you  no  longer  wish  me  to  write, 
or  care  for  my  writing,  I  pester  you  with  my  letters  ;  that  I  have 
played  by  you,  as  a  friend,  pretty  much  such  a  part  as  Johnson 
says  Chesterfield  played  by  him  as  a  patron :  "  Is  not  a  patron, 
my  lord,  one  who  sees  his  client  struggling  in  water  above  his 
depth,  without  going  to  his  relief;  and  when  he  has  reached  the 
shore,  incumbers  him  with  his  needless  assistance.'"'     This  is  the 
thought, — 1  pretend  not  to  quote  his  words.     Well ;  have  you  got 
cool .''     Now   read  the   enclosed,   which    I  do  assure   you   was 
written  when  and  where  it  professes.     You  see,  then,  how  well  in- 
clined I  was,  to  have  done  my  duty  promptly  towards  you  ;  but 
*         *         *         *         *     ^j^g  necessity  of  my  hurrying  down  to 
Richmond,  where  the  Federal  Court,  and  the  Court  of  Appeals 
were  sitting  together, — the  manner  in  which  I  have  been  kept  un- 
der the  lash,  by  the  Court  of  Appeals,  until  about  ten  days  ago, — 
the  circumstance  of  my  being  in  the  nineteenth  regiment,  which 
has  been  called  on  duty  and  placed  on  the  war  establishment, — not 
having  been  discharged   until   last  Saturday, — and  the   anxieties 
generated  by  the  vicinity  of  the  British;  the  uncertainty  of  their 
plans,  and  the  defenceless  condition  of  the  State  have,  in  succes- 
sion, held  me  "  in  durance  vile,"  unharmonising  me  for  that  sweet 
correspondence  with  you  which  I  so  much  enjoy,  in  peace  and 
case.     Come,  come  ;  let   your  choler  give  way  ;  let  your  crest 
fall ;  let  the  angry  blood  in  your  cheeks  retire ;  let  your  cheeks, 
themselves,  subside;  and  do  not  look  quite  so  much  like  Jupiter 
Tonans,  when  he  "  infat  ambas  huccasy     So,  so.     Now  we  are 

•  There  are  several  references  in  the  letters  to  this  phrase  of  Carr's,  which  seems 
to  have  heen  the  limit  to  which  his  kind  nature  would  allow  him  to  go,  ia  the  way 
of  imprecation. 


CHAP.  XX.]  WRITES    A    COMEDY.  343 

as  we  were,  and  I  will  mend  my  pen.  You  know  the  Scotch- 
man, under  similar  circumstances,  cried  "  halt  a  little,  while  I 
tak'  a  wee  pickle  o'  sneeshing." 

Sir  John  Borlase  Warren,  certainly  molliler  manus  impostdt^  for 
which  I  thank  him.  The  more  fool  he,  the  more  fortunate  we. 
He  might,  with  the  three  thousand  marines,  which  he  is  said  to  be 
able  to  detach  from  his  ships  without  weakening  their  defence  too 
much,  have  battered  and  burnt  down  our  cities  of  Norfolk  and 
Richmond,  have  plundered  our  banks  and  demolished  our  armory 
and  the  archives  of  the  nation.  He  has  waited  so  long,  that  now 
we  do  not  fear  him ;  while  we,  by  no  means,  feel  ourselves  so 
secure  as  to  lay  aside  our  caution. 

******* 

The  Old  Bachelor  is  in  the  bookbinder's  hands,  at  Baltimore, 
and  is  waiting  only  for  a  few  additional  numbers,  which  I  have 
not  yet  had  time  to  scribble  ;  so,  that  you  see,  we  are  likely  "  to 
float  together  doicn  the  gutter  of  time^''''  as  Sterne  says. 

Did  you  never  see  two  or  three  tobacco  worms  swept  along  by 
the  little  torrent  produced  by  a  sudden  shower  of  rain  ? — swept 
along,  with  all  their  treasures,  and  crawling  out,  half  drowned, 
twenty  or  thirty  yards  below.''  Shall  our  book  have  a  longer 
race,  or  we  a  more  honorable  catastrophe .'' 

Now,  sir,  your  private  ear.  I  have  a  sentimental  drama  (la 
comedie  larmoyante,)  nearly  finished,  which  will  be  quite  finished 
this  spring,  or  early  in  the  summer.  I  think  tolerably  well  of  it. 
Green  and  Twaits,  who  saw  three  acts  of  it  in  the  crude,  first 
draught,  augured  favorably  of  it.  Judge  Tucker,  the  only  other 
person  who  has  seen  it,  declared  himself  highly  gratified  by  the 
perusal. 

The  players  are  anxious  to  get  it  from  me.  I  had  promised  to 
give  it,  when  finished,  to  Green's  daughter  who,  poor  girl,  pe- 
rished in  the  theatre.  But,  before  it  leaves  my  possession,  I  am 
determined  to  submit  it,  when  completed,  to  you  and  (o  be  de- 
cided by  your  judgment  entirely  as  to  its  fate,  because  I  know 
you  love  me  too  well  either  to  flatter  or  spare  me,  where  my 
character  for  authorship  is  concerned. 

I  want  to  know  your  opinion  now,  whether,  if  the  work  itself 
be  good,  the  circumstance  of  its  being  a  play  is  likely  to  do  me 
any  injury  with  the  world,  either  as  a  man  of  business  or  as  a 


344  LETTER    FROM    JUDGE    TUCKER.  [1812—1813. 

man  pretending  to  any  dignity  of  character?  On  this  point,  I  am 
dubious.  For  example ; — how  would  it  act  on  the  character  of 
such  men  as  Jefferson  or  Madison  or  Monroe  or  Marshall  or 
Tazewell,  to  have  it  known  of  them  that  they  had  been  engaged 
in  so  light  and  idle  a  business  as  writing  a  play  ?  Will  you 
weigh  this  question  thoroughly.''  At  one  moment,  I  think  it 
would  let  them  down ;  at  another,  that  it  would  give  spirit  and 
relief  to  the  greatness  of  their  characters  ;  that  is,  supposing  the 
play  to  have  been  a  very  good  one. 

Talking  of  authorship,  what  if  I  do  hold  my  head  high .' 
"  Tut — a  boy  ! — Poh,  a  boy! — pshaw,  a  mere  boy  !"     So  no  more. 

Our  love  to  you  all, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

We  have  not  Judge  Carr's  answer  to  the  questions  propounded 
in  the  last  clause  of  this  letter  ;  but,  from  the  correspondence  with 
Judge  Tucker,  to  whom  the  same  questions  seem  to  have  been 
addressed — (the  letter  from  Wirt  to  him  has  not  been  preserved) — 
I  am  enabled  to  present  my  reader  with  a  reply  quite  worthy  of 
preservation : 

"  You  ask,"  says  the  Judge,  "  how  far  a  discovery  that  you 
have  entered  the  dramatic  lists  may  affect  your  professional 
character.  Belles-lettres  and  the  Muses  have  been  too  little 
cultivated  in  America,  or  cultivated  with  too  little  success  by 
their  votaries  to  enable  us  to  judge.  Trumbull,  the  author  of 
McFingal,  was,  I  think,  a  lawyer.  That  poem  rather  raised  the 
opinion  of  his  talents.  It  is  entitled,  in  my  opinion,  to  the  first 
place  in  estimating  the  American  talent  for  poetry.  Dwight's 
*  Conquest  of  Canaan'  seems  to  have  advanced  him,  in  his  own 
quarter  of  the  Union,  at  least.  He  was  young  when  he  wrote  it, 
and  he  now  fills  the  papal  chair  of  taste  and  erudition,  as  well  as 
genius  and  religion,  in  New  England.  Humphreys,  the  aid  of 
Washington,  ventured  to  display  his  poetical  talent,  almost  as  soon 
as  the  war  was  ended.  His  pieces  were  well  received  ;  and  he 
has  been  a  foreign  minister,  or  something  of  the  sort.  Barlow 
has  come  forth  in  epic  poetry,  borrowing  from  Tasso,  Milton,  and 
the  author  of  The  Lusiad.  His  character,  I  think,  has  not  been 
advanced  by  it ;   yet,  we  now  see  him  as  an   Envoy  abroad. 


CHAP.  XX.]        INFLUENCE    OF   LITERARY  REPUTATION.  345 


Should  he  fail  in  his  embassy,  1  shall  not  be  surprised  to  hear  it 
said,  it  might  have  been  predicted  from  his  poem.     Burke  was 
too  little  known  and  too  little  reputed  for  his  Bethlehem  Gabor 
(I  believe  that  was  the  name  of  his  play.)  either  to  raise  or  lower 
him.     These   are  all  the  instances  that  occur  to  me  where  the 
Muses  have  been  wooed  in  America  by  persons  of  any  profes- 
sional standing.     My  own  apprehension  is,  that  a  taste  for  the 
belles-lettres,  including,  under  that  description,  dramatic    poetry 
as  well  as  all  others  is  very  low  in  America  generally.     That 
even  though  any  such  production  should  please  for  the  moment, 
or  continue  to  please  a  little  longer  than  a  moment,  it  does  not 
constitute  any  thing  estimable  in  the  public  eye,  nor  advance  the 
author  in  the  public  estimation,  but  may  have  the  contrary  effect. 
To  apply  this  to  a  man  of  any  profession,  if  the  author  be  a 
person  who  has  inspired  an  exalted  opinion  of  his  talents,  and  the 
poem  be  given  to  the  w^orld  in  such  a  manner  as  to  appear  merely 
as  ajeu  d'esprit,  the  effusion  of  a  leisure  moment,  and  without  any 
view  to  profit  or  emolument,  or  as  an  offering  at  the  shrine  of 
party, — I  think,  in  such  a  case,  the  public  would  regard  it  favor- 
ably, and  as  an  evidence  of  a  variety  of  genius  and  talent  capable 
of  embellishment   beyond   the   professional  walk.      If  there   be 
nothing  in   the   composition   itself    below   the   standard   of   the 
previous  public  opinion  of  the  author's  talents,  it  will  be  not  only 
well  received,  but  will  advance  him  in  the  general  estimation  as  a 
man  of  happy  genius.     Such  a  man  will,  like  Sheridan,  win  the 
approbation  of  those  who  have  taste  to  admire ;  and  those  who 
want  it,  will  pretend  to  admire.     He,  therefore,  runs  but  little 
risk." 

These  are  the  opinions  of  a  competent  critic  in  1812.  We 
may  smile  at  the  sober  earnestness  of  the  question  and  the  gravity 
of  the  answer.  That  this  should  be  even  a  moot  point  at  that 
day,  would  seem  to  argue  that,  as  yet,  there  was  no  literary 
public  in  the  United  States  ;  at  least,  no  adequate  appreciation  of 
the  value  of  literary  talent.  That  Doctor  Johnson  might  write  a 
tragedy,  or  Canning  delight  in  witty  doggrel,  and  not  lose  caste  in 
church  or  state,  we  may  infer,  was  a  problem  to  excite  the  special 
wonder  of  the  anxious  literary  adventurers  of  the  generation  of 
1S12.  We  have  seen  that  Wirt  Avas  not  to  be  baulked  in  the 
career  of  his  humor  by  these  doubts  ;  for  he  had  already  perpe- 


346  THE    COMEDY.  [1812—1813 

trated  some  glaring  enormities  in  prose,  and  was  now  actually 
meditating  a  comedy.     This  comedy,  which  it  appears  he  was 
some  two  years* at  work  upon,  still  survives  amongst  his  manu- 
scripts.     I    find  various   approbatory  comments   upon   it  in  the 
letters  of  his  friends  at  this   period, — especially  in  those  from 
Judge  Tucker,     It  was  called  "  The  Path  of  Pleasure,"  but  was 
never   published   nor   played, — from   a    secret   consciousness,   I 
would  infer,  in  the  writer,  that  it  might  not  safely  pass  the  ordeal 
of  public  judgment.     Wirt  was  a  better  critic  than  his  fiiends; 
and  most  likely,  upon  deliberate  review,  after  the  fervor  of  com- 
position had  subsided,  came  to  a  determination  not  to  incur  the 
hazard  of. that  disapproval  which,  in  the  matter  of  a  theatrical 
exhibition,  is  proverbially  the  most  painful  of  all  to  which  an 
author  can  be   exposed.      Whatever  ground   there   may  be    to 
question  how  far  professional  success  may  be  able  to  stand  with 
the  repute  of  elegant  scholarship,  there  can  be  little  room  for 
debate  upon  the  point  that  no  professional  man  may  very  safely 
commit  his  reputation  to  the  ordeal  of  facing  the  authorship  of  a 
play  that  has  been  damned.     I  do  not  say  that  this  would  have 
been  the  fate  of  the  Path  of  Pleasure,  if  it  had  been  submitted  to 
the  trial ;  but  public  judgment  is  very  uncertain,  and  Wirt  himself 
does  not  seem  to  have  had  confidence  enough  in  his  production  to 
be  willing  to  challenge  a  sentence.     Dramatic  writing  is,  of  all 
literary  composition,  the  most  difficult,  and  a  good  comedy  the 
highest  product  in   this   art.      We   have   a    dozen   respectable 
tragedies  for  one  comedy  of  the  same  grade.     To  paint  character 
by  dialogue,  with  the  requisite  brevity,  wit,  and  adaptation  to  the 
story,  which  comedy  requires  ;  to  avoid  exaggeration  and  carica- 
ture, on  one  hand,  and  tame,  insipid  portraiture  on  the  other ;  to 
invent  a  plot  which  shall  have  the  requisite  variety  of  incident 
to  give  it  interest,  and  yet  to   evolve   it  without   obscurity  or 
confusion,  and  to  carry  it  along  in  the  conversation  and  action  to 
which  the  stage  limits  the  author,  require  a  kind  and  degree  of 
talent  which  is,  by  no  means,  necessarily,  nor  even  ordinarily, 
associated  with  the  powers  of  the  most  accomplished  writers,  or 
speakers.     Even  poets,  and  the  most  skilful  novelists, — those  who 
have  been  most  conspicuous  for  the  force,  nature  and  vivacity  of 
their  dialogue, — have  failed  to  produce  good  comedy.     Moore 
and  Scott  are  signal  illustrations  of  this  fact,  and  we  might  add 


CHAP.  XX.]  DRAMATIC    LITERATURE.  347 

many  others  well  known  to  the  reader.  Whilst  it  is  equally 
capable  of  proof  that  the  best  dramatic  writers,  and  especially  in 
the  department  of  comedy,  have  attained  to  no  remarkable  dis- 
tinction in  what  we  might  suppose  to  be  the  cognate  and  congenial 
departments  of  literature. 

That  Wirt  was  restrained  by  no  false  notion  of  dignity  from 
this  essay  in  the  dramatic  field,  we  may  well  believe  from  all  that 
we  have  seen  of  his  character.  That  the  public  was,  at  that 
day,  absurdly  prejudiced  upon  this  question  of  the  gravity  and 
decorum  of  professional  life,  is  probable  enough.  It  has  been  often 
remarked  by  foreigners  that  in  all  externals,  at  least,  ours  are  a 
grave  and  even  a  saturnine  people  :  that  theie  is  a  certain  amount 
of  make-believe  and  constrained  show  of  what  is  considered  the 
propriety  of  place  and  vocation,  apparent  in  the  deportment  of 
our  people, — giving  to  them  a  thoughtful  and  reserved  demeanor  in 
society,  very  unlike  the  free  and  careless  undress  of  social  life  in 
Europe.  A  secretary  of  state  or  a  counsellor  at  law  may  hardly 
play  at  leap-frog  with  us,  without  finding  hands  and  eyes  upturned 
at  such  tomfoolery,  and  some  severe  comments  touching  dignity 
and  its  concomitants;  whilst  European  society  would  scarce 
think  it  worth  a  comment,  except  in  the  way  of  kindly  illustration 
of  the  jocund  temper  which  not  even  the  cares  of  state  or  the  hard 
study  of  legal  quiddities  could  subdue.  Curran  at  the  head  of 
(he  Monks  of  the  Screw,  and  Jeffreys  fomenting  the  waggeries 
of  the  Scotch  bar,  or  Napoleon  playing  a  .part  in  private  theatri- 
cals, are  not  even  yet  quite  within  the  conception  of  the  American 
public  and  its  notions  of  "dignity."     Still  less  so  was  it  in  1812. 

Richmond,  perhaps,  is  entitled  to  be  regarded  as  less  affected 
by  this  national  quality  than  most  other  portions  of  the  country. 
The  community  of  that  city  have  been  rather  famous  for  good 
fellowship,  and, — what  may  be  said  in  their  commendation, — of  a 
very  fair  toleration  of  the  eccentricities  which  belong  to  the 
practical  exemplification  of  the  adage,  "  dulce  est  desipere  in  loco." 
The  memories  of  their  private  associations,  and  especially  at  the 
bar,  are  rich  with  good  stories  and  exhibitions  of  bonhommie 
that  have  provoked  many  a  laugh  without  either  impairing  the 
"  dignity  "  of  the  actors,  or  incurring  the  rebuke  of  the  rigidly- 
proper  who  there,  as  well  as  elsewhere,  have  found  their  abode. 
Amongst  these  memories,  the  present  generation  recount,  with  an 


348  AN    EPIGRAM.  [1812—1813. 

affectionate  particularity,  the  many  gambols  of  the  late  Chief 
Justice — one  of  the  best  men  of  the  age — and  his  cronies  and 
associates  of  the  famed  Quoit  Club,  in  which  it  seems  to  have 
been  a  fundamental  canon  that  the  oldest  and  gravest  were  to 
submit  to  a  temporary  rejuvenation,  which  was  often  manifested  in 
the  display  of  the  prankishness  of  boys. 

Wirt  was  not  behind  his  compeers  in  this  temper.  I  have  seen 
some  letters  addressed  to  him  as  "  <i>vv  loving  Wirt,"  which 
appellation  by  no  means  belied  the  hilarity  of  his  temper.  There 
were  many  outbreaks  of  this  temper  at  the  bar,  which  are  yet 
pleasantly  recalled  by  the  fraternity.  One  of  them  we  have  in  an 
anecdote  at  hand. 

Wickham  and  Hay  were  trying  a  cause  in  the  Court  at  Rich- 
mond. Wickham  was  exceedingly  ingenious,  subtle,  quick  in 
argument,  and  always  on  the  alert  to  take  and  keep  the  advantage 
by  all  logical  arts.  Hay  was  not  remarkable  for  guarding  all 
points,  and  was  sometimes  easily  caught  in  a  dilemma.  Wickham 
had,  on  this  occasion,  reduced  him  to  the  choice  of  an  alternative 
in  which  either  side  was  equally  fatal  to  him.  "  The  gentleman," 
said  he,  "  may  take  which  ever  horn  he  pleases."  Hay  was  per- 
plexed, and  the  bar  amused.  He  was  apt  to  get  out  of  temper  and 
make  battle  on  such  occasions,  and  sometimes  indulge  in  sharp  and 
testy  expressions — showing  himself  a  little  dangerous.  A  know- 
ledge of  this  characteristic  added  to  the  sport  of  the  occasion. 
Mr.  Warden,  one  of  the  most  learned,  witty  and  popular  members 
of  this  bar, — familiarly  known  to  them  as  Jock  Warden, — for  he 
was  a  Scotchman,  and  then  an  old  man, — remarked,  in  a  quiet 
way,  "Take  care  of  him,  he  has  hay  upon  his  horn!"  Wirt 
sitting  by,  with  full  appreciation  of  this  classical  witticism,  forth- 
with hitched  it  into  verse  in  the  following  epigram  : 

Wickham  was  tossing  Hay  ia  court 
On  a  dilemma's  horns  for  sport, 
Jock,  rich  in  wit  and  Latin  too. 
Cries,  "  Habet  fcenum  in  cornu." 

The  tradition  of  the  bar  still  preserves  this  jeu  cfesprit,  in 
memory  of  that  palmy  day  of  social  brotherhood  which  was,  in 
a  thousand  other  forms,  cherished  and  embellished  by  Wirt  and 


CHAP.  XX.]  MR.    WARDEN.  349 

Warden,*  Wickham  and  Hay  and  their  comrades,  who  gave  a 
distinctive  tone  to  the  society  of  Richmond,  and  rendered  it,  at 
that  day,  one  of  the  most  attractive  cities  in  the  Union. 

I  have  said  that  the  Old  Bachelor  was  not  finished  until  1813. 
An  interval  of  eighteen  months  had  passed  between  the  publication 
of  the  greater  portion  of  these  essays,  and  the  last  few  numbers. 
The  author  was  getting  tired  of  it,  and  found  a  more  pleasant  oc- 
cupation in  other  subjects.     He  adverts  to  this  in  his  next  letter. 

*  This  gentleman,  Mr.  John  Warden,  is  still  affectionately  remembered  at  the 
Richmond  bar.  He  was  a  man  of  high  accomplishment  in  general  literature  and 
science,  as  well  as  in  his  profession.  He  had  collected  a  fine  library  of  rare  and 
valuable  books,  which,  being  put  up  at  sale  after  his  death,  were  eagerly  sought  after 
and  purchased.  He  was  said  to  be  the  most  homely  man,  both  in  face  and  figure, 
to  be  found  in  the  society  with  which  he  lived,  and  his  speech  was  marked  by  a 
broad  Scotch  accent. 

During  the  revolutionary  war,  he  was  once  summoned  before  the  House  of  Dele- 
gates of  Virginia,  to  make  atonement  for  some  disloyal, — or,  perhaps,  too  loyal,  for 
that,  I  believe,  was  his  offence, — words  uttered  by  him  which  had  given  umbrage 
to  that  body.  It  was  the  custom  then,  in  the  "Virginia  Legislature,  to  exact  of  of- 
fenders against  their  dignity,  an  apology  to  be  made,  kneeling  at  the  bar  of  the 
House.  It  is  ditficult  now  to  believe  that  a  custom  so  absurd  and  slavish,  as  well 
as  so  degrading  to  the  Legislature  itself,  should  have  been  tolerated  in  any  of  the 
American  States,  at  so  late  a  period  as  that  of  the  Declaration  of  Independence, 
especially  after  the  reproof  it  had  received  in  the  British  Parliament  in  1751,  in 
the  case  of  Alexander  Murray,  and  the  abolition  of  it  by  that  body.  Still,  it  was 
yet  in  force  in  Virginia.  Mr.  Warden  was  obliged  to  comply,  which  he  did  with 
an  ill  grace  : — "  I  humbly  beg  pardon," — he  said,  in  his  broadest  doric, — "  of  this 
Honorable  House: — and  a  domned  dirty  house  it  is," — he  added,  as  he  rose  slowly 
and  awkwardly,  with  a  surly  look,  and  brushed  the  dust  from  his  knees. 

He  was  once  relating  to  a  circle  of  friends  the  gratification  he  had  enjoyed  at  a 
ball  in  Richmond,  in  the  society  of  a  beautiful  woman,  a  distinguished  belle  of  that 
time.  In  attempting  to  describe  her  attractions  of  face  and  figure,  and  her  grace- 
fulness of  motion,  he  concluded  a  vivid  portraiture  which  he  had  drawn,  by  an  at- 
tempt at  personal  illustration  which  was  too  ludicrous  to  be  forgotten.  He  assumed 
what  he  intended  to  be  a  gentle  and  winning  expression  of  countenance,  and  then, 
with  a  sidelong  glance  of  the  eye,  threw  his  ungainly  figure  into  an  attitude  de- 
signed to  convey  the  idea  of  perfect  elegance  and  grace,  and  said,  "  to  give  you 
some  conception  of  her  gesture  and  her  manner,  she  looked  just  so!"  The  echo 
of  the  laugh  that  followed  this  grave  effort  at  representation,  has  not  entirely  died 
away  yet. 


VOL.  1—30 


350  LETTER    TO    CARR.  [1812—1813. 


TO    JUDGE    CARR. 

Richmond,  April  30,  1813. 

Friekd  of  my  Youth  : 

****** 

I  admit  the  justice  of  your  charge  as  to  my  scribbling  capri- 
ciousness,  and  yet  I  know  that  Jinis  coronal  opus,  too.  But,  as  to 
the  Old  Bachelor,  there  was  no  Jinis  naturally  growing  out  of  the 
scheme.  It  was  endless ;  each  essay  being  a  whole  in  itself. — 
1  am  dispirited,  too,  by  the  little  effect  such  things  produce,  I 
did  not  begin  that  business  for  fame.  I  wrote  in  the  hope  of 
doing  good,  but  my  essays  dropped  into  the  world  like  stones 
pitched  into  a  mill-pond;  a  little  report  from  the  first  plunge ;  a 
ring  or  two  rolling  off  from  the  spot;  then,  in  a  moment,  all 
smooth  and  silent  as  before,  and  no  visible  change  in  the  waters 
to  mark  that  such  things  had  ever  been. 

Writing  on,  under  such  circumstances,  was,  I  confess,  a  drag- 
ging, heavy,  nauseous  work  ;  and,  unless  a  man  write  con  amore, 
he  cannot  do  it  well.  As  to  doing  it  doggedly,  I  should  hold 
myself  a  dog  to  do  it, — yea,  a  very  turn-spit.  But,  as  Ritchie  de- 
sires it,  and  has  gone  to  some  expense  about  the  bauble,  I  will 
turn  the  spit  for  five  or  six  revolutions  more,  and  then  bid  the  Old 
Bachelor  adieu  until  I  see  how  the  volume  takes.  If  it  has  a  run, 
1  shall  have  the  more  spirit  to  work  off  another  volume,  and  com- 
plete something  like  a  moral  and  literary  scheme, — a  whole; — but 
thereafter  as  it  may  be. 

As  to  the  710VUS  hospes,  the  lannoyante,  alias  weeper,  you  have 
guessed  right,  in  part;  but  I  began  that  in  the  view  of  adapting 
the  characters  to  the  company  that  was  here.  One  was  for 
Greene,  one  for  his  wife,  one  for  Twaits,  one  for  Mrs.  Clark,  and 
so  on.  But,  when  that  company  was  dispersed,  by  the  destruction 
of  the  theatre,  and  finally  dissolved  by  their  subsequent  miscar- 
riages in  Charleston,  I  had  the  less  inclination  to  carry  it  on,  for  I 
knew  that  the  various  parts  required  the  peculiar  powers  of  those 
for  whom  they  were  drawn ;  and,  not  knowing  into  whose  hands 
they  might  fall,  nor,  of  course,  how  they  might  be  marred  and 
the  author  damned,  I  was  in  no  hurry  to  purchase  such  a  catas- 
trophe.    But  Judge  Tucker,  to  whom  I  shewed,  in  confidence, 


CHAP.  XX.]  THE    COMEDY.  351 

the  acts  that  were  finished,  has  put  up  my  courage,  and  I  expect 
to  close  the  affair  before  the  spring  is  closed. 

I  shall  expose  it  to  you  in  the  perfect  confidence  that  you  will 
not  let  me  expose  myself  hy  making  it  public,  if  you  see  that  there 
is  danger  in  it ;  and  I  now  begin  to  fear  there  is,  for  I  wished  to 
consult  Frank  Gilmer  on  some  incidents  which  I  thought  of  intro- 
ducing, and,  to  qualify  him  to  judge,  gave  him  the  acts  that  were 
finished  to  read.     This  was  about  a  week  ago.     He  reads  a  piece 
of  a  scene  at  a  sitting,  and  puts  it  away  to  take  up  a  review  or  a 
newspaper,  or  something  else  of  equal  importance  :  all  which,  is 
to  me,  strong  proof  that  there  is  but  little  interest  in  the  affair.     I 
do  not  think  very  highly  of  it  myself.     There  are  parts  of  it  that 
please  me ;  but  the  scenes  are  not  connected  with  lightness  and 
grace,  and  in  the  toute  ensemble,  I  fear  it  is  rather  ponderous  ;  but 
of  all  this  you  shall  judge,  and  if  you  barely  call  it  tolerable,  I 
know  the  rest,  and  shall  abandon  it  without  a  blush  or  a  murmur. 
I  am  sure  that  that  kind  of  composition  requires  not  only  peculiar 
talent,  but  an  intimate  knowledge  of  the  stage,  and  a  training  in 
dramatic  authorship  particularly. 

"Produce  you  a  comedy  equal  to  Sheridan's!"  A  pretty  re- 
quisition, truly  !  Sheridan's  !  One  of  the  first,  if  not  the  very 
first  comedy  in  the  English  language  !  And  the  work,  too,  of  a 
man,  whose  genius  is  almost  unrivalled  in  the  old  world,  much 
more  in  the  new  !  None  of  your  fun, — "  none  of  your  comments, 
Mr.  Carr!"  You  had  better  require  me,  next,  to  produce  such 
speeches  as  Erskine's  and  Curran's,  or  such  legal  investigation  as 
Mansfield's  and  Hardwicke's,  or  such  tragedies  as  Shakspeare's, 
or  such  histories  as  Robertson's.  No,  sir!  The  affair  being 
homespun,  would,  I  thought,  pass  very  well  in  these  patriotic 
times,  without  equalling  the  European  manufacture. 

I  know  that  it  is  superior  to  some  English  plays  of  which  it  is 
said,  in  the  British  theatre,  that  they  were  acted  at  Drury  Lane 
or  Covent  Garden,  as  the  case  may  be,  with  unbounded  applause; 
but  as  to  its  equaling  the  best  of  them,  the  brat  has  no  such  pre- 
tensions. 

******* 
Your  wife's  displeasure  at  my  not  writing,  I  resent,  (as  Boyle 
says,)  with  the  liveliest  gratitude,  and  I  am  sincerely  obliged  to 
you  for  leading  her  to  think  me  of  so  much  consequence. 


352  THE   BIOGRAPHY    OF    HENRY.  [1812—1813. 

This  is  a  poor  return  for  your  long  kind  letter ;  but  you  are 
good-natured,  and  must  therefore  expect  to  be  imposed  on. 
We  all  join  in  love  to  you. 

Your  ever  affectionate  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


The  scheme  of  writing  biography  was  yet  kept  alive,  as  a  pro- 
j(3Ct  of  future  accomplishment.  That  scheme,  as  the  reader  is 
aware,  embraced  the  purpose  of  a  series  of  lives  of  the  most 
eminent  Virginians.  It  ultimately  resulted  in  the  production  of 
the  volume  containing  the  biography  of  Henry.  The  rest  of  the 
plan  was  abandoned.  The  motives  which  led  to  this  restriction 
of  the  scheme,  are  most  probably  those  which  are  suggested  in 
the  following  letter  of  Judge  Tucker,  whom  Wirt  had  frequently 
consulted  on  the  subject.  The  Judge,  as  we  have  remarked,  was 
a  man  of  letters,  of  extensive  reading  and  observation,  and  one 
who  had  had  many  opportunities  to  become  acquainted  with  the 
principal  personages  embraced  in  the  biographical  scheme.  The 
letter  of  Wirt  to  him  upon  this  occasion,  I  have  not  seen.  It  is 
probable  it  was  not  preserved.  But  this  reply  to  it  contains  some 
just  remarks  upon  the  difficulties  belonging  to  the  task  in  view, 
and  which  were  doubtless  felt  by  Wirt,  in  the  further  contempla- 
tion of  this  scheme,  to  an  extent  which  induced  the  abandon- 
ment of  his  purpose. 


ST.  GEORGE  TUCKER  TO  W^M.  WIRT. 

Williamsburg,  April  4,  1813. 
My  Dear  Sir: 

****** 
American  biography,  at  least  since  the  conclusion  of  the  peace 
of  1783,  is  a  subject  which  promises  as  little  entertainment  as 
any  other  in  the  literary  world.  Our  scene  of  action  is  so  per- 
fectly domestic,  as  to  afford  neither  novelty  nor  variety.  Even 
the  biographer  of  Washington  has  been  reproached  with  im- 
posing upon  his  readers  the  history  of  a  nation,  instead  of  the  life 
of  an  individual.  Parson  Weems  has,  indeed,  tried  to  supply  the 
defect;  but  I  never  got  further  than  half  the  first  paragraph: 


CHAP.  XX.]  LETTER    FROM    JUDGE    TUCKER.  353 

"  George  Washington,  (says  that  most  renowned  biographer,)  the 
illustrious  founder  of  the  American  Nation,  was  the  first  son  of 

Washington,  by  a  second  marriage  :  a  circumstance,  (says 

this  profound  divine,  moralist  and  biographer,)  of  itself  sufficient 
to  reconcile  the  scruples  of  tender  consciences  upon  that  subject." 
I  do  not  pretend  that  I  have  given  you  a  literal  transcript  of  the 
passage ;  but,  I  believe  the  substance  is  correct.  I  shut  the  book 
as  soon  as  I  had  read  it,  and  have  no  desire  to  see  any  more  of  it. 

This  leads  me  to  notice  that  part  of  your  letter  which  relates 
to  the  subject  of  biography.  How  would  you  be  able  to  give  any 
entertainment  to  your  readers,  in  the  Life  of  Patrick  Flenry,  with- 
out the  aid  of  some  of  his  speeches  in  the  General  Assembly,  in 
Congress,  in  Convention,  or  in  the  Federal  Court.''     What  interest 

could  be  excited  by  his  marrying  a  Miss ,  and  afterwards  a 

Miss  D ;  and  that  somebody,  whom  I  will  not  condescend  to 

name,  married  one  of  his  daughters,  &:c.,  &c.,  &c.  No  human 
being  would  feel  tlie  smallest  interest  in  such  a  recital ;  and,  1 
never  heard  any  thing  of  him,  except  as  connected  with  the  public, 
that  could  amuse,  for  a  moment.  The  same  may  be  said  of  Lee, 
Pendleton  and  Wythe ;  and  the  same  may  be  said  of  every  other 
man,  of  real  merit,  in  Virginia.  They  have  all  glided  down  the 
current  of  life  so  smoothly,  (except  as  public  men,)  that  nobody 
ever  thought  of  noticing  how  they  lived,  or  what  they  did  ;  for, 
to  live  and  act  like  gentlemen,  was  a  thing  once  so  common  in 
Virginia,  that  nobody  thought  of  noticing  it. 

It  is  clear  to  my  apprehension,  that  unless  a  man  has  been  dis- 
tinguished as  an  orator,  or  a  soldier,  and  has  left  behind  him 
either  copies  or  notes  of  his  speeches,  or  military  exploits,  that 
you  can  scarcely  glean  enough  out  of  his  private  life,  though  he 
may  have  lived  beyond  his  grand  climacterick,  to  till  a  half  a 
dozen  pages,  that  any  body   would  trouble  themselves  to  read. 

I  have  known  several  characters,  whose  conduct  both  in  public 
and  private  life,  I  have  esteemed  models  of  human  perfection  and 
excellence :  John  Blair,  General  Thomas  Nelson,  John  Page 
and  Beverly  Randolph,  were  men  of  the  most  exalted  and  im- 
maculate virtues.  I  knew  them  all  well, — nay,  intimately, — yet, 
for  the  soul  of  me,  I  could  not  write  ten  pages  of  either,  that 
would  be  read  by  one  in  fifty.  Colonel  Innes  may  be  compared 
to  an  eagle  in  the  air.  You  looked  up  at  him  with  admiratioQ 
VOL.  1—30* 


354  BIOGRAPHICAL    WRITING.  [1812—1813. 

and  delight ;  but,  as  Solomon  says,  there  are  no  traces  of  his  ex- 
alted and  majestic  flight  left  behind.  The  only  shadow  of  him 
that  remains,  is  Robertson's  abridgment  of  his  speech  in  the  Con- 
vention of  Virginia  in  1788.  That  may  be  compared  to  the 
sparks  which  issue  from  a  furnace,  which  is  itself  invisible. 

I  think  it  much  to  be  regretted,  that  such  men  as  I  have  men- 
tioned above,  should  descend  to  the  grave  and  be  forgotten,  as 
soon  as  the  earth  is  thrown  upon  their  coffins.     But  so  it  is,  my 
friend.     Literary  characters  may  leave  their  works  behind  them, 
as  memorials  of  what  they  were ;  soldiers  may  obtain  a  niche  in 
the  temple  of  Fame,  by  some  brilliant  exploit ;  orators,  whose 
speeches  have  been  preserved^  will  be  remembered  through  that 
medium ;   judges,  whose  opinions   have   been  reported,  may  pos- 
sibly be  known  to  future  judges,  and  members  of  the  bar;  but 
the  world  cares  little  about  them ;  and  if  they  leave  no  reports,  or 
meet  with  no  reporter  to  record  their  opinions,  &c.,  they  sink  into 
immediate  oblivion.     I  very  much  doubt  if  a   single  speech  of 
Richard  H.  Lee's  can  be  produced  at  this  day.     Nevertheless,  he 
was  the  most  mellifluous  orator  that  ever  I  listened  to.     Who 
knows  any  thing  of  Peyton  Randolph,  once  the  most  popular  man 
in  Virginia,  Speaker  of  the  House  of  Burgesses,  and  President 
of  Congress,  from  its  first  assembling,  to  the  day  of  his  death  ? 
Who  remembers  Thompson  Mason, — esteemed  the  first  lawyer  at 
the  bar?     Or  his  brother,  George  Mason,  of  whom  I  have  heard 
Mr.  Madison,  (the  present  President,)  say,  that  he  possessed  the 
greatest  talents  for  debate  of  any  man  he  had  ever  seen,  or  heard 
speak.     What  is  known  of  Dabney  Carr,  but  that  he  made  the 
motion  for  appointing  committees  of  correspondence  in   1773."* 
Virginia  has  produced  (ew  men  of  finer  talents,  as  I  have  re- 
peatedly heard.     I  might  name  a  number  of  others,  highly  re- 
spected and  influential  men  in  their  day.     The  Delegates  to  the 
first  Congress,  in   1774,  were  Peyton  Randolph,  Edmund  Pen- 
dleton, Patrick  Henry,  George  Washington,  Richard  H.  Lee, 
Richard  Bland   and  Benjamin  Harrison.     Jefferson,  Wythe  and 
Madison,  did  not  come  in  till  afterwards.     This  alone  may  shew 
what  estimation  the  former  were  held  in:  yet,  how  little  is  known 
of  one  half  of  them  at  this  day }     The  truth  is,  that  Socrates 
himself,  would   pass  unnoticed   and   forgotten  in  Virginia,  if  he 
were  not  a  public  character,  and  some  of  his  speeches  preserved 


CHAP.  XX.] 


DIFFICULTIES    OF    IT.  355 


o 


in  a  newspaper:  the  latter  mi^ht  keep  his  memory  alive  for  a 
year  or  two,  but  not  much  longer. 

Instead  of  an  attempt  at  what  might  be  called  a  biographical 
account  of  any  of  these  persons,  perhaps  a  delineation  of  their 
cliaracters  only,  with  here  and  there  a  speech  or  an  anecdote, 
might  answer.  But  anecdotes  which  might  entertain,  occur  so 
seldom  in  private  life,  in  Virginia,  that  they  may  be  truly  said 
to  be 

"  Rari  nantes  in  gurgite  vasto." 

Upon  the  whole,  I  am  inclined  to  think,  biography  in  Virginia 
would  at  present  be  a  hopeless  undertaking,  although  a  very  in- 
teresting selection  might  be  made  of  Virginia  worthies,  whose 
general  characters  deserve  to  be  remembered  and  transmitted  to  the 
latest  posterity.  But  the  misfortune  is,  that  few  remain  among  us 
who  have  known  and  marked  the  outlines  which  ought  to  be 
traced ;  and  still  fewer  are  capable  of  giving  the  rudest  sketch  of 
them.  I  have  repeatedly  wished  that  my  talent  lay  that  Avay ;  but, 
I  feel  a  thorough  conviction  that  it  does  not.  If  we  lived  together, 
and  in  a  daily  intercour.se,  I  could,  perhaps,  from  time  to  time, 
recollect  enough  of  such  men  as  I  have  mentioned,  and  some 
others,  to  enable  you  to  draw  an  outline  of  each,  which  you  might 
fill  up  at  leisure,  from  your  own  resources  or  the  communications 
of  others.  But  were  I  to  take  up  my  pen  for  that  purpose,  I 
should  only  betray  my  own  incompetency. 

You  must  be  tired  of  this  subject,  from  which  I  shall  turn  away 

to  the  "  Path  of  Pleasure."     I  rejoice  that  you  propose  to  resume 

it,  and  make  little  doubt  you  will  once  more  acquire  laurels  in  it, — 

or,  as  a  gamester  would  say  — "  throw  doublets  a  second  time.''''    To 

be  serious,  I  trust  you  will  resume  it,  pursue  it  ardently,  and 

arrive  at  a  speedy  and  happy  conclusion  and  termination  of  it. 

When  finished,  I  beg  to  be  favored  with  a  sight  of  it  as  early  as 

possible,  and  pledge  myself  to  do  my  best  for  a  prologue  and, 

possibly,  an  epilogue  too.     But  I  must  have  the  play,  itself,  with 

me  at  the  time,  to  aid  my  imagination. 

****** 

Believe  me  ever,  most  warmly  and  most  sincerely. 

Your  friend, 

S.  G.  Tucker. 


356  ALARM    AT  RICHjMOND.  [lSl-2— 1813. 

We  have  now  some  pictures  of  the  war — an  alarm  at  Rich- 
mond,— in  this  extract  from  a  letter  to  Mrs.  Wirt,  who  is  at 
Montevideo. 

Richmond,  June  29,  1813. 

******* 

I  thank  heaven,  with  heartfelt  gratitude,  that  you  have  escaped 
the  idle  panic  into  which  the  city  was  thrown  on  yesterday  about 
twelve  o''clock.  I  was  at  the  market  house  attending  a  common 
hall — when  we  were  broken  up  by  the  violent  ringing  of  the  alarm 
bell.  The  first  idea  that  bolted  into  my  mind  was  that  our  old 
castle  was  on  fire; — but  before  I  had  crossed  the  market  bridge, 
an  alarm  cannon  was  fired  on  the  capitol  hill — then  another — and 
another.  Here  was  the  complete  signal  of  invasion.  The  effect 
was  such  as  you  may  conceive.  The  signal  was  perfectly  under- 
stood;— every  man  had  to  rush  with  his  musket,  to  the  square: — 
even  the  "  silver  greys"  [and  parson  Blair  among  them]  flew  to  arms. 
The  report  ran  that  the  British  were  at  Rocket's — and  we  had 
heard  from  an  authentic  source,  that  they  had  disgraced  themselves 
at  Hampton,  by  excesses  more  atrocious  and  horrible  than  ever 
before  befel  a  sacked  town — of  a  nature  so  heart-sickening  that  I 
do  not  choose  to  describe  them  to  you: — they  even  incited  the 
negroes  to  join  them  in  these  brutal  excesses.  AVhat,  think  you, 
must  have  been  the  terrors  and  agonies  of  the  women  here,  on  the 
report  that  the  same  enemy  was  in  their  town?  Doctor  Foushee 
applied  to  me  for  our  carriage  to  take  his  daughters  to  William 
Carter's,  in  Caroline  county,  to  which  I  cheerfully  agreed. 
Wagons  were  moving  furniture  from  all  parts  of  the  town : — but  I 
believe  no  ladies  moved — for  before  they  could  prepare,  the  panic 
was  dissipated.  McR  *  *  came  rushing  on  the  square  with  a 
pistol  in  each  hand,  crying  out,  "where  are  they,  where  are  they.'"' 
to  which  the  Governor  answered,  that  they  were  at  City  Point; — 

and  Mc disposed  of  his  pistols  as   soon   as  he   could.     It 

turned  out  that  the  British  had  ascended  the  river  as  high  as  City 
Point,  which  is  about  ten  miles  below  our  works  and  army  at 
Hood's,  that  they  were  slowly  ascending  the  river; — and  the  regi- 
ment thus  suddenly  called,  was  dismissed  till  six  o'clock  this 
evening.  I  thought  it  not  imprudent  to  get  all  your  plate  together, 
and  pack  up  my  books  for  a  travel,  if  another  alarm  should  take 


CHAP  XX.]  THE   PLYING   ARTILLERY.  357 


place ; — which  I  did.  But  we  heard  no  more  of  the  enemy  until 
this  morning,  when  we  were  informed  by  an  express,  that  they 
had  gone  bacic  again.  Amidst  the  alarm  and  uncertainty,  how- 
ever, the  Governor  and  field  officers  were  clamorous  and  impor- 
tunate for  a  company  of  flying  artillery ;  and  I  could  not  resist 
their  importunities,  without  submitting  myself  to  the  censure  of 
indifference  at  least.  So,  I  raised  a  company  for  the  defence  of 
the  town  and  neighborhood— and  a  most  splendid  one  it  is, 
amounting  to  near  a  hundred  picked  men.  Although  con- 
vinced that  we  shall  have  nothing  to  do,  this  same  company  will 
prevent  my  seeing  you  for  some  weeks — for  my  company  must  be 
trained  and  made  effective  and  fit  for  the  field  before  I  ought  to 

leave  them. 

******* 

Your  affectionate  husband, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

to  judge  carr 

Montevideo,  Buckingham  Co.,  August  23,  1813. 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

Let  us  waste  no  time  in  apologies  for  not  writing.  It  is  enough 
for  you  to  know  that  you  have  lived  in  my  heart's  core  for  seven- 
teen years,  and  that  the  roots  by  which  you  have  taken  hold  of 
me,  have  become  stronger  with  every  year. 

As  a  friend,  I  am  not  conscious  that  you  have  any  right  to 
reproach  me,  except  that  I  am  an  irregular,  and  if  you  please,  a 
lazy  correspondent.  This  is  the  single  blot  in  my  escutcheon; 
and  I  am  not  very  sure  that  you  do  not  bear  the  same  reproach,  so 
that  this  is  a  new  point  of  congeniality,  and,  of  course,  of  attrac- 
tion. If  those  who  have  been  miserable  together,  love  each  other 
the  more  on  that  account,  why  not  those  who  have  been  lazy 
together .'' 

******* 

You  would  know  what  I  have  been  doing  this  summer  ?  Why, 
reading  newspapers,  mustering  in  the  militia,  hearing  alarm  bells 
and  alarm  guns,  and  training  a  company  of  flying  artillery,  with 
whom,  in  imagination,  I  have  already  beaten  and  captured  four  or 
five  different  British  detachments  of  two  or  three  thousand  each. 


358  EXCITEMENTS    OF    THE  WAR.  [1812—1813. 

^^Silent  leges  inter  arma''' — silent  muscz  quoqiie — unless  it  be  the 
muse  of  Tyrtaeus  who,  as  Tom  Divers  says,  is  one  of  those  cattle 
I  don't  suffer  to  speak  to  me. 

Talking  of  Tyrtaeus,  I  never  saw  his  fragments  till  lately. 
They  are  most  noble  productions;  and  supposing  them  to  have 
been  sung,  accompanied  by  instrumental  music,  in  an  army 
marching  to  battle,  I  believe  firmly  in  the  effects  which  history 
ascribes  to  Ihem.  The  author  of  the  Marseilles  Hymn,  I  suspect, 
had  read  Tyrtaeus.  There  is  a  great  analogy  in  the  spirit  of  the 
productions :  the  latter  I  have  no  doubt,  was  suggested  by  the 
former. 

I  wish  you  would  get  the  minor  poets,  which  you  may  do  in 
Winchester,  I  suppose,  and  read  Tyrtaeus.  If  your  Greek  is 
rusty,  there  is  a  Latin  translation ;  but  in  several  of  the  most  beau- 
tiful passages,  it  is  defective,  I-  think,  so  far  as  my  little  remaining 
Greek  informs  me.     You  will  enjoy  him,  I  predict,  highly. 

You  have  heard  all  about  our  Richmond  alarms — "  the  whole 
truth,"  as  Pope's  witness  said,  "  and  more,  too." 

My  wife  and  children  were  out  of  town.  They  were  here  ;  but 
I  was  "  in  the  thick  of  the  throng."  There  was  nothing  wanting 
but  composure.  We  should  have  fought  like  lions ;  but  from  the 
suddenness  and  agitation  of  the  alarm,  it  struck  me  that  we  should 
not  fire  well,  at  least  for  the  first  two  or  three  rounds.  We  beat 
our  forefathers,  as  militia.  I  mean  no  disrespect  to  them  whom  I 
so  much  revere,  but  the  fact  is  so,  and  it  is  very  easily  accounted 
for  consistently  with  their  honor. 

We  have  breathed,  for  thirty  years,  the  proud  spirit  of  inde- 
pendence, and  in  this  spirit  we  begin  the  war.  They,  on  the 
contrary,  were  warring  against  the  habit  of  subjection,  and  were 
fighting  against  some  of  the  strongest  tendencies  of  their  own 
hearts  in  fighting  against  their  king.  They  were  crushed,  too, 
by  conscious  poverty,  and  the  almost  entire  destitution  of  all  the 
means  of  war.  We,  on  the  contrary,  are  rich,  and  armed  cap  a 
pie.  No  wonder,  therefore,  that  we  have  more  confidence,  pride 
and  courage. 

What  do  you  think  of  young  Croghan's  defence  of  Lower  San- 
dusky !  He  is,  by  land,  exactly  what  Decatur,  Lawrence,  Hull 
and  Bainbridge  are,  at  sea ;  the  very  counterpart  of  their  daring 
spirits.     It  is  exactly   the   spirit  which   Bonaparte  displayed   at 


CHAP.  XX.]  DOMESTIC    AFFAIRS.  359 

Lodi :  and  if  Croghan's  intellect  equals  his  courage,  it  will  only 
be  the  want  of  opportunity  which  will  stop  him  short  of  the  sum- 
mit of  martial  renown. 

##**♦** 

My  family  are  all  here — in  health  and  spirits,  Laura  is  now 
writing  her  Mair's  exercise  in  my  study,  a  room  in  the  third 
story  about  sixty  feet  from  the  ground,  which  opens  on  the  moun- 
tains— where  I  teach  my  children,  and  sit  and  read,  and  write 
rarely.  Writing  requires  a  solitude  and  self-possession  which  my 
children  will  not  allow  me. 

Laura  is  reading  Virgil.  You  see  I  stick  to  my  Latin  system. 
I  will  try  it  with  her,  taking  care  to  leave  her  time,  between  this 
and  seventeen,  for  those  accomplishments  which  she  cannot  do 
without.  Robert  is  delving  away  at  Latin  too.  He  is  beginning 
to  parse,  which  is  a  thing  he  hates  as  bad  as  Coalter's  man  did 
something  else. 

My  twins, — were  you  to  see  them  playing  together  on  a  sheet 
spread  on  the  floor,  so  healthy,  so  sweet — don't  talk,  sir! 

My  wife  is  in  uncommon  health,  but  down-hearted  because  of 
the  flying  artillery,  which  she  considers  a  boyish  freak,  unfit  for 
the  father  of  six  unprovided  children. 

Our  love  attend  you  all. 

Your  friend,  as  ever,  till  death, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

TO    JUDGE   CARR. 

Montevideo,  October  2,  1813. 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

Yours  of  the  19th  ult.  overtook  me  at  this  place.  Agreed, — 
let  us  bury  the  hatchet  for  past  omissions,  and  do  as  well  as  we 
can  hereafter.  If  we  are  a  little  idle  or  so  at  times,  let  it  break 
no  squares  between  us.  We  have  known  each  other  too  long  and 
too  well  to  grow  suspicious  and  captious,  and  quarrel  for  straws 
of  etiquette  and  punctilio. 

You  say  some  eloquent  things  about  Croghan  and  the  navy. 
They  are  all  just,  and  I  echo  every  sentiment.  God  speed  them  ! 
which  is  as  much  as  they  can  expect  of  you  and  L     Now  let  us 


360  JUDGE   CARR'S    SUCCESS.  [1812—1813. 

talk  of  our  noble  selves — a  very  interesting  subject,  about  which 
you  have  not  said  more  than  ten  vk^orcls. 

I  hear  that  Lord  Hardvvicke,  Lord  Camden  and  Chancellor 
Brown,  are  in  danger  of  a  total  eclipse !  That  the  decrees  at 
Winchester  and  Clarksburg  have  all  the  rust  of  legal  lore  which 
antiquarians  prize  so  highly,  together  with  the  true  Ciceronian 
flow  and  nitor.  How  is  this.^  Must  Coke  and  Call,*  Peere  Wil- 
liams and  Billy  Williams,  Raymond  and  Mumford,  all  be  thrown 
into  the  shade,  obnubilated,  obfuscated  and  obruted  for  ever  and 
ever !  Must  Blackstone  and  Blackburn,  Cicero  and  Shackelford, 
Mansfield  and  Magill,  be  utterly  forgotten,  pompeized  and  hercu- 
laneized  for  twenty  centuries!  Forbid  it,  Mercuri facunde^ — for- 
bid it  Apollo,  the  nine  muses  and  the  seven  senses  !  Report  me 
truly  on  this  subject. 

Do  you  really  mean  to  extinguish  these  comets,  to  tread  out  the 
constellations,  lamp-black  the  milky  way,  quench  the  sun,  and  set 
the  planets  at  blindman's-buff,  that  they  may  rise  with  unrivalled 
magnificence  on  the  benighted  universe  ?  Give  us  notice,  sir,  that 
we  may  take  our  measures  accordingly. 

And  this  brings  me  to  speak  of  the  visit  made  you  by  Peter  and 
Frank.  Would  I  had  been  with  you  !  What  a  time  you  must 
have  had  of  it !  What  three  happy  fellows  !  No  three  happier 
in  the  world.  To  be  sure,  there  have  been  four,  /lere,  not  far 
behind  you  in  this  particular :  for  you  are  to  know,  that  as  I  passed 
by  Pope's  last  week,  he  formed  a  junction  with  my  caravan, 
and  we  arrived  at  Montevideo  on  Saturday  evening,  in  high 
health  and  spirits.  Here,  besides  the  families  (Cabell's  and  mine), 
we  found  Frank  Gilmer,  and  we  had  for  four  days  and  nights, 
what  our  blacks  eloquently  call  "  old  laughing." 

Pope  was  in  his  glory — "fought  all  his  battles  o'er  again," 
with  triple  lustre,  "  and  thrice  he  slew  the  slain."  In  fact,,  he 
was  very  near  killing  all  three  of  us  with  laughter,  and  our  wives 
and  children  to  boot. 

He  dined  one  day  at  Charles  Yancey's, — a  grave  and  orderly 
family.  He  dropped  among  them  like  an  unknown  waterfowl,  and 
took  the  Major's  mother,  an  old  lady  of  seventy,  so  completely  by 

*  Call,  Williams,  Mumford,  and  others  here  referred  to,  were  gentlemen  of  the 
Virginia  bar,  some  of  whom  had  published  reports  of  the  Virginia  decisions;  'he 
others  were  counsel  of  note. 


CHAP.  XX.]  THE    COMEDY.  861 


surprise,  that  he  laughed  her  into  an  epilepsy.  Such  a  cure  for 
the  heart-ache  never  before  existed.  "  A  cure  for  the  heart- 
ache," you  know,  is  the  name  of  a  play. 

Apropos — this  leads  me  to  speak  of  mine. 1  tried  the  metal 

of  the  piece  on when  I  was  in  Richmond,  and  found  that 

(to  change  the  metaphor)  every  key  produced  the  expected  note. 
He  cried,  laughed,  started  and  gaped  with  curiosity,  just  as  I 
intended :  so  that  if  he  is  as  good  a  criterion  of  the  public  taste 
as  Moliere's  old  woman,  the  piece  would  certainly  take.       * 

*  *  *  If  I  find  that  I  have  the  weather-gage  of 
the  public,  I  will  give  them  an  annual  dose  of  good  morals  through 
this  channel. 

We  have  just  received  the  last  Richmond  papers.  The  British 
parliament  prorogued  : — no  ministers  to  meet  ours  in  Russia : — the 
American  war  to  be  pressed.  Without  a  glorious  campaign  this 
summer  by  Bonaparte,  and  the  conquest  of  Canada  by  us,  we  shall 
have  no  peace  this  year.  O !  for  an  American  navy  and  Ameri- 
can Generals ! 

******* 

But  plague  on  politics  and  politicians  !  say  I.  * 

My  wife  unites  with  me  in  love  to  yourself  and  Mrs.  Carr,  and 
my  children  also  send  love  to  yours.  My  twins  still  shine  with 
unrivalled  lustre. 

May  Heaven  ever  bless  and  prosper  you,  and  make  you  as  illus- 
trious and  happy  as  my  soul  wishes  you. 

Cabell  and  Frank  Gilmer  send  love  piping  hot. 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

Francis  Gilmer  was,  at  this  time,  an  inmate  in  Wirt's  family, 
and  was  assiduously  pursuing  the  study  of  the  law.  I  shall  here- 
after have  an  opportunity  to  offer  several  letters,  written  to  the 
student  by  his  friend,  in  the  way  of  advice  upon  his  studies,  which 
will  commend  themselves  to  the  attention  of  all  who  strive  to 
attain  the  honors  of  the  profession  to  which  these  letters  refer. 
The  following  is  the  first  in  this  series : 


VOL.  1—31 


362  LETTER    TO    GILMER.  [1S12— 1813. 

TO    FRANCIS    W.    GILMER. 

Montevideo,  November  16,  18!3. 
My  Dear  Francis: 

As  in  the  bustle  of  starting  I  forgot  to  shake  hands  with  you, 
I  shall  endeavor  to  offer  some  atonement  for  it  by  giving  you  the 
first  letter.  Had  I  not  been  perplexed  by  the  multitude  of  petty 
concerns,  to  which  it  was  necessary  for  me  to  attend,  I  wished  to 
have  had  some  particular  conversation  with  you  about  the  course 
of  your  studies ;  and  more  especially,  the  mode  of  studying  Bacon. 

It  was  understood  that  you  were  not  only  to  read  all  Bacon's 
references,  but  to  add  to  them  Dallas,  Cranch,  and  the  Virginia 
reporters.  There  are  some  British  reporters  since  Gwillim's  edi- 
tion of  Bacon  that  I  have;  and  as,  instead  of  shrinking  from  labor, 
you  love  a  task  the  more  for  being  the  more  herculean, — I  would 
recommend  it  to  you  to  embrace  them  in  your  scheme  also. 

Whenever  the  head  you  are  upon  involves  the  subject  of  plead- 
ing, you  ought  to  consult  Chitty  before  you  broach  Bacon,  and 
learn  to  draw  the  plea  off-hand,  at  once.  For  example, — the  first 
head  in  Bacon  is  "  Abatement :"  The  course  which  we  propose  is, 
first,  to  see  what  Blackstone  says  on  that  subject  throughout, 
which  you  will  easily  do  by  the  aid  of  his  index.  Consult 
Tucker's  Blackstone,  with  the  editor's  notes,  to  see  the  changes 
superinduced  by  our  state  law.  You  will  thus  have  gotten  the 
chart  of  the  coast,  at  least  in  outline,  and  know  were  you  are ; 
next  Chitty, — in  his  first  volume  you  will  see  his  learning  on  the 
plea  of  abatement.  In  his  second,  you  will  see  the  forms  of  the 
plea  itself,  which  you  must  be  able  to  draw  before  you  lay  him 
down.  Thus  prepared,  you  open  Bacon,  and  having  read  him  and 
his  references  on  the  subject,  you  turn  to  Bosanquet  and  Puller, 
East's  Reports,  Smith's  Reports,  Campbell's  Reports,  Selwyn's 
Nisi  Prius,  Espinasse's  Reports, — Day's  edition, — then  the  Ameri- 
can and  Virginia  Reports. 

In  my  notes,  I  would  follow  Bacon's  distribution  of  the  head, 
and  arrange  the  matter  which  I  collect,  as  he  would  have  done, 
had  he  possessed  it. 

When,  for  example,  you  find  a  case  presenting  a  new  prin- 
ciple,— say,  on  the  subject  of  "Abatement,"  as  what  may  be 


CHAP.  XX.]  STUDY    OF    THE    LAW.  363 


pleaded  in  abatement, — turn  to  that  division  of  the  head  of  "Abate- 
ment," under  which  such  matter  properly  comes,  and  insert  the 
reference  there:  otherwise,  all  your  own  discoveries  will  come 
en  masse,  at  the  end  of  the  head  in  your  note  book,  and  will  be 
without  distribution,  order,  or  light. 

You  must  not  read  so  long  at  a  time,  and  with  so  little  diges- 
tion as  to  make  your  head  spin,  as  Lord  Mansfield  says, — nor  to 
fill  it  with  confusion  and  "  aitches"  (aches)— as  Kemble  calls  it 
On  the  contrary,  take  your  time  and  see  your  course  clearly, 
understand  the  whole  ground  as  you  go  along — not  only  geograph- 
ically, but  topographically;  keep  your  books  and  your  route  under 
your  eye,  as  clearly  as  a  general  does  his  army  and  his  line  of 
march  ;  and,  like  a  great  general  and  conqueror,  never  quit  any 
province  you  enter,  without  being  able  to  say,  this  province  is 
mine,  and  placing  in  it  an  invincible  garrison. 

The  general  course  is,  to  gallop  over  these  provinces  like 
travellers  in  a  hurry,  and  having  made  one  or  two  remarks,  to 
take  it  for  granted  we  know  all  about  it, — as  Weld,  from  a  single 
example,  pronounces  "  all  the  tavern  keepers  in  this  state  drunk- 
ards, and  all  their  waives  scolds."  One  student,  too,  as  soon  as 
he  leaves  one  of  these  provinces,  having  contrived  to  make  his 
own  time  very  disagreeable  in  it,  as  well  as  very  unprofitable, 
turns  about  at  the  boundary  line,  and  making  a  very  profound 
reverence,  says,  "I  hope  never  to  see  you  again;"  whereas,  had 
he  cultivated  it  properly,  he  might  have  made  the  grounds  so  pro- 
fitable and  delightful,  that  it  would  have  been  grateful  at  a  future 
day  to  return  and  review  them. 

I  am  not  one  of  those  who  believe  in  the  declension  of  genius 
in  these  latter  days. — I  believe  the  paucity  of  great  men,  in  all 
ages,  has  proceeded  from  the  universality  of  indolence.  Indolence 
is  natural  to  man,  and  it  is  only  the  brave  few,  who  can  "  clear  the 
copse  at  a  bound,"  breakover  the  magic  bourne,  and  stretch  away 
with  "  an  eye  that  never  winks,  and  a  wing  that  never  tires,"  into 
new  regions  and  new  worlds;  who  distinguish  themselves  from  the 
crowd,  and  rise  to  glory  that  never  fades.  What  kind  of  men 
were  Littleton,  Coke,  Bacon,  &c.  ?  Think  what  habits  of  appli- 
cation they  must  have  had, — what  an  insatiable  appetite  for  know- 
ledge ;  not  the  morbid  craving  of  a  day  or  a  week,  but  the  perse- 
vering voracity  of  a  long  life.     Such  only  are  the  fellows  who 


64  STUDY    OF   THE   LAW.  [1S12— 1813. 


climb  so  high  up  Fame's  obelisk,  as  to  write  their  names  where 
they  may  strike  the  eye  of  distant  nations.  The  many  of  us  who 
cannot  bear  the  labor  of  climbing,  stand  on  the  ground  and  stretch 
up  as  high  as  we  can :  and  as  this  is  a  paltry  business  that  depends 
more  on  the  longest  legs  and  arms,  than  the  longest  head,  it  turns 

out  that 's  name  is  legible  as  far  as 's ;  and  in  a  very  short 

time,  they  will  both  be  erased  by  the  scrambling  herd  of  their 
unaspiring  successors,  who  will  be  as  tall  as  they  are,  and  will 
claim  their  hour  of  notice,  in  a  world  of  several  leagues  in  cir- 
cumference. 

You  have  begun  under  the  happiest  auspices, — even  set  out 
with  a  stock  of  science  and  information,  which  was  not  surpassed, 
I  suspect,  in  the  example  of  Mr.  Jefferson,  and  not  equalled  in  any 
other;  I  do  not  except  Tazewell.  Now  if  you  do  not  keep  the 
advantage  you  have  got,  the  fault  is  your  own.  You  may  get  up 
among  the  eminent  few,  at  the  top  of  the  obelisk,  if  you  choose,  or, 
if  you  prefer  it,  expire  among  the  ephemera  at  the  base.  For  my 
own  part,  independent  of  the  affection  which  makes  me  take  an  in- 
terest in  you,  I  have  a  sort  of  philosophical  curiosity  to  see  what  is 
attainable  by  man;  and  I  know  of  no  young  man  so  well  gifted  for 
the  experiment  as  yourself.  The  cultivation  of  eloquence  should 
go  hand  in  hand  with  your  legal  studies.  I  would  commit  to 
memory  and  recite  a  la  mode  de  Garrick — the  finest  parts  of 
vShakspeare,  to  tune  the  voice,  by  cultivating  all  the  varieties  of  its 
melody,  to  give  the  muscles  of  the  face  all  their  motion  and  ex- 
pression, and  to  acquire  an  habitual  ease  and  gracefulness  of  ges- 
ture, and  command  of  the  stronger  passions  of  the  soul.  I 
would  recite  my  own  compositions,  and  compose  them  for  recita- 
tion ;  I  would  address  my  recitations  to  trees  and  stones,  and  fall- 
ing streams,  if  1  could  not  get  a  living  audience,  and  blush  not 
even  if  I  were  caught  at  it.     So  much  for  this  subject. 


Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CHAPTER    XXI. 

1814. 

CONTENTMENT.— PROSPEROUS  CONDITION.  —  LETTERS  TO  CARR.  — TO  MR. 
LO.MAX.  — OPINION  OP  CICERO.  —  VIEWS  OF  THE  WAR. —  EXTRAVAGANT 
OPINIONS.  — LETTER  TO  GILMER.  — CAMPAIGNING.  — INSUBORDINATION  OF 
THE  MILITIA VISIT  TO  WASHINGTON.— CONGRESS — UNFAVORABLE  AS- 
PECT   OF  AFFAIRS MADISON.— WEBSTER.— AVERSION    TO    PUBLIC   LIFE.— 

ENGAGEMENT   IN   THE   SUPREME   COURT.— POSTPONED. 

Wirt's  professional  position  was  now  securely  established, 
on  the  same  level  with  the  most  eminent  men  of  the  bar  of  Vir- 
ginia. The  most  difficult  and  the  most  dangerous  points  in  the 
path  of  his  worldly  career  may  be  said  to  have  been  overcome. 
The  content  which  springs  from  certainty  and  safety  in  the  atfairs 
of  life  was  opening  broadly  upon  his  household.  A  numerous 
family  of  children  was  growing  up  around  him.  His  business  was 
not  only  profitable,  but  it  was  also  of  a  character  which  rendered 
it  most  agreeable  to  his  ambition,  by  the  reputation  it  brought  him 
and  the  scope  it  gave  to  a  useful  and  honorable  association  with 
the  more  important  individuals  and  concerns  of  the  society  in 
which  he  lived.  A  man  becomes  aggrandized  and  strengthened 
in  his  place  by  such  connections,  as  trees  whose  roots  take  firmer 
hold  of  the  soil  by  the  thousand  new  fibres  of  a  healthful  growth. 

The  natural  concomitant  of  this  steady  success  was  a  placid  and 
regular  life,  from  which  we  may  not  expect  much  material,  just  at 
this  time,  to  give  excitement  to  our  narrative.  It  is  in  toiling  up 
the  steep  of  fame,  that  the  casualties  of  human  condition  and  the 
adventures  which  belong  to  the  strife  of  genius,  afford  the  most 
animating  topics  of  instruction.  The  height  once  gained,  the 
votary's  progress  is  apt  to  lose  the  interest  of  its  previous  doubtful 
and  anxious  struggles,  in  that  period  of  repose  and  quiet  enjoyment 
which  generally  follows  successful  endeavor  as  its  appropriate 
reward. 

I  do  not  mean  to  intimate  that,  at  this  juncture,  the  subject  of 
our  memoirs  had   attained  a  point  at  which  his  ambition  found 

VOL.    1—31* 


366  PROSPEROUS    CONDITIOPr. 


[I814-. 


nothing  further  to  covet.  But  he  had  gained  a  platform  where  he 
rejoiced  in  disenthralling  himself  of  those  misgivings,  which  we 
have  seen  him  sometimes  disposed  to  entertain,  in  the  contempla- 
tion of  his  labors  to  secure  an  independent  position  for  his  family. 
He  felt  that  his  success  was  assured.  He  had  earned,  and  was  now 
enjoying,  the  respect  of  friends,  the  consideration  of  society,  the 
reputation  of  useful  and  vigorous  talent,  and  some  little  celebrity, 
besides,  connected  both  with  forensic  and  literary  eminence.  He 
had  health,  competence,  many  of  the  luxuries  and  elegancies  of 
life.  In  short,,  he  had  a  bright  outlook  upon  the  world,  which,  of 
itself,  is  one  of  the  happiest  conditions  of  humanity.  Behind  him, 
was  the  pleasant  landscape  of  many  rugged  heights  traversed  and 
prosperously  surmounted.  Before  him,  were  eminences  rising  to 
the  clouds,  but  with  gentler  slope  and  easier  way^  lightened  by  a 
brighter  sun  and  freshened  with  a  richer  verdure.  He  had  limb 
and  nerve  to  climb  them,  with  a  heart  as  stout  as  at  first. 

At  this  stage  of  his  progress,  it  is  a  pleasant  duty  to  lay  before 
my  readers  that  little  tissue  of  his  private  history, — the  history  of 
his  thoughts  and  opinions,  rather  than  of  his  doings, — which  is  to 
be  gathered  from  the  light-hearted  letters  of  this  time.  They  deal 
in  small  incidents,  mostly  of  a  domestic  and  personal  nature,  and 
shed  a  serene  and  agreeable  light  upon  his  own  character,  as  weli 
as  upon  that  of  his  friends. 

"  It  is  not  the  habit  of  my  mind,"  he  says,  in  a  letter  to  Carr^ 
about  this  time,  "  to  repine  at  the  past.  On  the  contrary,  I  so  far 
profit  by  it,  as  to  make  it  the  measure  of  the  future.  I  look 
cheerfully  forward,  and  flatter  myself  I  shall  yet  amass  a  hand- 
some independence,  turn  farmer,^  and,  on  some  fine  seat,  build  a 
castle  and  a  literary  name.  '  A  castle  in  the  air,'  quoth  you. 
Very  probably.  Yet  the  illusion  is  pleasing,  and  '  Hope,'  you 
know,  '  still  travels  through,  nor  quits  us  till  we  die.'  For  which 
companionable  temper  of  hers,  I  most  gratefully  thank  her  Serene 
Highness,  and  bid  her  welcome  to  my  fireside. 


CHAP.  XXr.]  LETTER    TO    CARR.  S6T 


TO    JUDGE    CARR. 

Richmond,  February  15,  1814. 
Mr  Dear  Friend  : 

You  have  written  me  such  a  letter  as  I  have  not  seen  this  many 
a  day  before.  I  have  just  been  reading  it  all  the  way  from  the 
post  office,  from  which  it  took  me  half  an  hour  to  walk,  and  I 
•experienced,  in  reading  it,  some  of  the  most  delicious  suffocations 
that  ever  touched  me.  I  don't  know  whether  you  have  enough  of 
the  woman  in  you  to  understand  this  expression :  if  not,  so  much 
the  better  for  you,  according  to  Hume.  Not  that  I  doubt  your 
sensibility.  I  know  that  well :  but  I  don't  know  that  it  ever  takes 
you  by  the  throat.  Your  manhood  might  rebel  at  such  a  liberty  ; 
and  yet  I  have  seen  it  make  pretty  free  with  your  eyes. 

The  truth  is,  that  your  praise  gives  me  more  pleasure  than  that 
of  all  the  other  men  in  the  world  put  together.  I  have  had  such 
long  and  intimate  experience  both  of  your  candor  and  judgment : 
I  know  them  both  to  be  of  the  very  first  quality.  You  have  had, 
too,  such  an  opportunity  of  judging  me  as  no  other  man  alive  has 
had ;  and  when  I  add  to  this  the  tenderness  and  sincerity  of  your 
friendship  for  me,  you  may  well  believe  that  I  speak  in  the  sim- 
plicity of  my  heart,  when  1  &ay  that  I  would  not  exchange  your 
good  opinion  of  me  for  that  of  all  the  great  and  little  men  of  the 
nation.  Nay,  that  I  should  find  ample  consolation  and  refuge  in 
your  esteem  and  affection  from  the  desertion  of  all  the  world  of 
men  beside. 

It  is  in  vain  that  conscience  tells  me  I  do  not  deserve  what  you 
say  of  me;  for  immediately  I  retort  on  conscience  as  the  sailor  did 
on  the  man  whom  he  was  about  to  throw  overboard,  "  do  you 
know  better  than  the  doctor !"  If  I  were  very  anxious  to  con- 
vince you  of  your  error,  I  would  tell  you  that  I  fear  any  one  but 
a  partial  friend  would  smile  at  your  recital  of  the  evidences  of  my 
talents.  The  British  Spy  and  the  Old  Bachelor!  "  Against  eight 
hundred  ships  in  commission,  we  enter  the  lists  with  a  three  shil- 
ling pamphlet,"  said  John  Randolph  of  Mr.  Madison's  book  on 
Neutral  Rights  : — and  too  surely  I  fear  that,  weighed  against  the 
great  and  copious  works  of  a  man  of  genuine  talents  and  resources, 
the  poor  little  British  Spy  and  the  Old  Bachelor  would  sink,  (or^ 


368  AUTHORSHIP.  [1814. 

rather  to  keep  up  the  metaphor  of  weighing",  would  rise)  into  equal 
contempt.  To  tell  you  the  truth,  I  fancy  myself  much  such  a 
fellow  as  a  late  Edinburg  review  describes  Horace  Walpole  to 
have  been; — that  is  to  say — as  having  begun  life  with  a  most 
ardent  passion  for  literary  fame  of  the  noblest  order,  but  having 
convinced  himself,  by  two  or  three  experiments,  that  nature  had 
denied  him  the  qualities  which  are  essential  to  the  composition  of 
a  great  author,  he  took  it  out  in  gay  and  frivolous  laughter  at  him- 
self and  all  other  literary  pretenders ;  and  found  that  his  talents 
were  at  home  only  in  light-hearted  raillery.  Mine  have  been  only 
short  and  sportive  excursions,  exceedingly  light  and  desultory, 
and,  I  fear,  exceedingly  frothy  and  flashy.  I  have  written  no  sus- 
tained work ;  nothing  which  shews  those  masterly  powers  of  in- 
vestigation, of  arrangement,  of  combination,  of  profound  and  great 
thinking,  of  the  character  of  which  I  should  be  proud,  and  in 
which  alone  I  should  feel  any  satisfaction.  Such  a  work  as  Rob- 
ertson's Charles  Vth,  for  example,  or  as  Tacitus' Annals,  or  Plu- 
tarch's Lives,  even,  would  content  me.  Is  not  this  modest }  By- 
the-bye,  I  don't  think  much  of  Plutarch's  Lives,  for  the  authorship. 
They  owe  their  celebrity,  1  suspect,  much  more  to  the  excellency 
of  the  materials  than  to  the  workmanship.  He  seems  to  me  to 
reverse  Ovid's  materiem  superabat  opus,  and  is,  in  my  humble 
opinion,  very  much  of  a  dry,  babbling,  superstitious  old  woman. 
You  see  I  am  off  the  track.     Well — here  I  go. 

Talking  of  authorship,  I  shall  send  you  by  Magill  to-day, 
George  Hay's  work  on  Expatriation.  I  want  your  opinion  of  it : 
not  for  Hay,  but  for  myself.  I  will  not  tell  you  what  we  think  of 
it  here  :  I  mean  we,  your  particular  friends.  I  will  only  tell  you 
that  by  men  much  greater  than  we  pretend  to  be,  it  has  been 
cracked  up  to  the  stars.  Mr.  Madison,  it  is  said,  has  presented 
several  copies  of  it  in  great  triumph  to  Jeffries,  the  master  re- 
viewer at  Edinburgh.  Ingersoll,  Duponceau,  Rush  and  old  John 
Adams,  have  eulogized  it  in  the  strongest  terms.  It  is  making  a 
great  noise  amongst  the  political  literati  of  the  North,  and  is  over- 
shadowing its  author  with  laurels.  Read  it  with  attention.  Weigh 
it  with  your  usual  thought  and  care,  and  let  me  have  your  consci- 
entious opinion  of  it. 


CHAP.  XXL]  NAPOLEON.  369 

Now  turn  we  to  a  much  more  interesting  work, — your  boy.* 
How  much  I  am  gratified  by  this  incident,  I  will  not,  because  1 
cannot  tell  you.     1  learn,  too,  that  it  is  no  sudden  freak  to  give 
him  this  name :  that  your  girls  have  baulked  the  project  many  a 
time  before.     Had  you  any  superstition  you  would  think  that  Pro- 
vidence thus  interfered  to  give  you  time  for  consideration.     But 
let  us  not  be  given,  like  Father  Shandy,  to  too  close  reasoning  on 
small  matters.     Let  me  tell  you  that  Mrs.  Carr's  determination  in 
this  affair,  is  sweeter  to  me  than  the  oil  that  was  poured  on  Aaron's 
head.      I  love,  honor,  and  you   shall  obey  her.      Tell  her  that 
the  boy  shall  never  have  cause  to  blush  for  his  name,  so  far  as 
honor  is  concerned,  unless,  as  you  say,  "  the  devil  is  in  it — and 
then  I  shall  never  believe  it  'till  it  happens."     May  heaven  bless 
the  boy  and  make  him  a  halo  of  glory  around  his  parents'  heads! 
It  is  indeed,  a  dread  responsibility  which  we  fathers  have.     Yours 
is  nothing.     To  act  properly  and  exemplarily  is  natural  to  you.    I 
give  you  no  credit  for  it.     Nature  mingled  your  elements  and 
gave  your  blood  its  current.     To  act  wrong  would  just  be  as 
unnatural  to  you  as  to  act  right  is  to  the  greater  part  of  the  world. 
But  what  is  to  become  of  such  a  wayward,  undisciplined  rabble 
of  spirits  and  habits  as  mine ;  how  am  I  to  manage  them  so  as  to 
place  a  grave,  reverend,  and  patriarchal  example  before  my  chil- 
dren ?     I'll   tell  you   what,  sir — as  old  Mr.  J used  to  say, 

"  there's  no  more  chance  for  me — no — no  more  than  there  is  for 
the  Pope  of  Rome," — for  whom,  by-the-bye,  according  to  the 
present  posture  of  affairs  in  Europe,  there  seems  to  be  a  pretty 
good  chance. 

Apropos — {very  apropos  indeed !)  what  think  you  of  this  reverse 
of  Bonaparte's  fortunes  ?  "Consuesse  enim,  Deos  immortales, 
quo  gravius  homines  ex  commutatione  rerum  doleant,  quos,  pro 
scelere  eorum  ulcisci  velint,  his  secundiores  interdum  res  et  diu- 
turniorem  impunitatem  concedere."  As  for  Napoleon,  I  care  no 
more  for  him,  in  himself  considered,  than  I  do  for  any  other  tor- 
nado that  is  past.  But  will  France,  drained  and  exhausted,  be 
able  to  make  head  against  this  northern  hive,  or  will  she  share 
the  fate  of  Poland  .?  I  am  curious  to  see  the  character  of  France 
in  this  new  situation  in  which  she  is  placed.     How  will  she  regard 

*  Carr  had  just  named  a  son  after  his  friend.  The  next  letter,  it  will  be  seen, 
was  occasioned  by  the  death  of  this  boy. 


370  LIGHT    LITERATURE.  [1814. 

Bonaparte  in  eclipse  ?  What  will  be  the  result  to  Europe  of 
this  recoiling  flood  of  success  ?  We  live  in  an  age  of  most  won- 
derful events,  but  they  are  of  a  most  stern  and  ferocious  character. 
They  have  not  the  interest  or  magnificence  of  crusades  :  so  much 
can  sentiment  do  in  these  matters,  and  such  a  grace  can  chivalry 
and  a  generously  mistaken  Christianity  shed  upon  a  cause. 

What  effect  will  Napoleon's  reverse  have  on  us  ?  Some  think 
that  Britain  will  take,  if  not  higher,  at  least  more  obstinate  ground 
against  us  on  account  of  her  triumphs.  Others,  again,  think  that 
having  gotten  the  Emperor  down,  she  will  be  anxious  to  devote 
all  her  powers  to  his  annihilation,  and  therefore  be  the  better 
inclined  to  have  peace  with  us.  My  own  opinion  is  that  she  has 
no  notion  of  giving  up  any  point  in  the  quarrel ;  that  with  the 
latter  of  those  two  views  she  may  probably  be  inclined  to  a  truce, 
and  that  she  will  then  negotiate  with  us,  if  we  will  indulge  her, 
till  she  has  tried  the  issue  of  her  arms  on  France ;  but  that  in  any 
event  she  will  finally  persist  in  the  principles  and  practices  against 
which  we  are  at  war. 

But  what  care  we  for  politics — let  us  talk  of  our  children. 
******* 

The  Old  Bachelor  is  not  yet  at  hand.  Ritchie  announces  that 
he  is  shortly  expected.  I  will  send  you  a  copy  by  the  earliest 
conveyance.  By-the-bye,  quere,  whether  even  compositions  of 
this  character  are  not  calculated  to  produce  the  effect  which  your 
brother  ascribed  to  play-writing  ?  I  am  afraid  that  both  the  Old 
Bachelor  and  the  British  Spy  will  be  considered  by  the  world  as 
rather  too  light  and  bagatelUsh  for  a  mind  pretending  either  to 
stability  or  vigor.  I  recollect  no  man  of  eminence,  (I  mean 
political  eminence,)  either  in  this  or  any  other  modern  country, 
who  has  descended  to  such  amusements.  To  tell  you  the  simple 
truth,  politics  never  appeared  to  me  to  be  a  desirable  field,  or  one 
for  which  I  was  fitted  either  by  nature  or  habit ;  and,  therefore,  I 
have  never  squared  my  course  by  any  such  anticipation.  But  if 
you  are  in  earnest  in  your  prophecies  about  me,  and  in  wishing 
also  to  see  them  fulfilled,  it  is  time  for  me  to  cast  my  manners 
and  rules  of  action  over  again.  "  I  shall  never  believe  it  though, 
till  I  see  it,"  as  you  say  on  another  occasion. 

My  wife,  who  has  read  your  letter  with  as  much  pleasure  as  I 
have  done,  unites  with  me  in  love  to  you  and  yours.  *  * 


CHAP.  XXL]  LETTER    TO    CARR.  371 

The  Governor  (meaning  Cabell,)  and  his  wife,  and  Frank  Gilmer 
greet  you  kindly. 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

to  judge  carr. 

Richmond,  May  15,  1814. 
My  Dear  Friend: 

I  received,  yesterday,  your  letter  of  the  6lh  instant,  giving  the 
distressing  account  of  the  loss  of  your  dear  boy.     It  is  a  rude  and 
dreadful  blow.     But  we  are  in  the  hands  of  a  Being  who  governs 
the  Universe  at  His  pleasure,  and  whose  dispensations,  I  believe, 
however  deeply  they  cut  at  the  moment,  are  always  destined  to 
avert  some  greater  calamity.      You  might    have   lost   him  at  a 
more  interesting   age,  after  those    chords  with  which    he  had 
begun   to   take   possession   of    your  hearts    had  become  more 
complete  and  more  strong.      You    might  have  lost  him  under 
circumstances  and  by  a  mode  of  death  still  more  heart-rending 
and  distracting.     My  own  sufferings  from  the  death  of  friends  and 
children  have  been  so  severe  that  I  have  sometimes  found  myself 
rebelling  against  the  author  of  all  good,  and  arraigning  both  his 
justice  and  mercy.     Parnell's  Hermit  first  put  me  right  on   this 
subject ;  taught  me  to  regard  afflictions  themselves  as  "  blessings  in 
disguise,"  and  to  kiss  the  rod  with  humble  resignation.     We  have 
nothing  else  for  it,  my  dear  friend,  in  this  life.     We  can  neither 
stop  nor  change  the  course  of  events,  much  less  can  we  recall 
them.     To  surrender  ourselves  to  unavailing  sorrow  on  account  of 
the  dispensations  of  Providence  is,  therefore,  not  the  path  which 
either  reason  or  religion  would  point  out  to  us.     To  mourn  over 
such  a  loss  as  you  have  experienced,  is,  indeed,  both  natural  and 
inevitable  ;  but  to  permit  it  to  hang  upon  the  heart  and  to  weigh 
down  the  mind  and  spirits,  is  inconsistent  with  our  duly  both  to 
ourselves  and  others.     You  have  excellent  children  who  are  still 
spared  to  you.     You  and  your  wife  are  both  young,  and  Heaven, 
I  doubt  not,  will  richly  supply  the  place  of  the  cherub  who  has 
been  taken  from  you.     How  apt  we  are  to  aggravate  our  afflic- 
tions, by  imagining  that  if  we  are  not  the  only  sufferers  in  the 
world  we  are  certainly  the  greatest !     Alas !  where  is  the  mao 


372  LETTER   TO   LOMAX.  [1814. 

with  a  family  who  has  not  imagined  the  same  thing  of  himself! 
You  know  that  I  myself  lost  two  of  the  best  children  in  the  world 
within  a  month  of  each  other ;  one  of  them,  too,  a  perfect  beauty, 
and  in  the  very  age  of  fascination.  My  eyes,  at  this  moment,  fill 
at  the  recollection  of  that  girl :  but  she  is  an  angel  in  Heaven, 
and  has  escaped  from  all  those  sorrows  and  sufferings  which  con- 
tinue to  scourge  us,  God's  will  be  done !  Let  us  submit  ourselves 
to  his  power,  wisdom  and  goodness,  confiding  that,  in  his  own 
good  time  and  way,  he  will  bring  good  out  of  evil  and  shew  us 
that  we  have  mistaken  a  blessing  for  a  curse. 

******* 
My  wife  begs  Mrs.  Carr  to  be  assured  of  her  sympathy.     We 
pray  God  to  bless  you  both. 

Farewell, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

The  next  letter  has  reference  to  some  opinions  upon  the  merits 
of  Cicero's  works,  which  had  been  disparaged  in  the  British  Spy. 
It  is  addressed  to  a  friend  who  resided  at  Menokin,  in  Richmond 
County,  on  the  Rappahannock. 

TO    JOHN    TAYLOR    LOMAX. 

Richmond,  July  1 ,  1814. 

My  Deak  Lomax  : 

******* 

I  would  fain  apply  this  recess  of  the  Courts  to  my  law  books 
and  a  preparation  for  the  fall  and  winter  campaign ;  but  I  have 
not  the  courage.  And  so,  having  bought  at  Jock  Warden's  sale 
Verburgius's  folio  edition  of  all  Cicero's  works,  I  have  been 
brushing  up  my  Latin  and  have  read  with  great  delight  his 
Orator  and  his  Brutus.  But  my  delight  only  continues  while  I 
have  my  eyes  fixed  on  Cicero ;  for  the  moment  I  turn  them,  by 
way  of  comparison,  on  the  brightest  of  our  own  native  models, 
my  heart  sinks  and  dies  within  me.  What  children  we  are,  my 
dear  Lomax — what  boys,  and  raw  boys  too,  compared  with  that 
wonderful  man !  I  have  once  wronged  him  by  the  publication  of 
an  opinion  concerning  him ;  but  I  hope  to  live  to  repair  the  error. 
Middleton,  whose  book  I  have  also  read  since  the  courts  rose, 


CHAP.  XXI.J  VIEWS    OF    THE    WAR.  373 

observes  that  no  man  who  has  ever  read  Cicero's  books  on 
Oratory  will  wonder  that  he  has  stood  unrivalled  to  the  present 
day ;  for  there  never  was,  he  says,  and  there  never  will  be  again 
such  a  union  of  talents  and  of  toil.  If  such  glory  could  be 
carried  by  a  coup  de  main,  even  at  the  risk  of  life,  who  would 
not  aspire  to  it  ?  But  to  be  able  to  effect  it  only  by  a  siege  for 
life, — and  such  a  siege  too, — not  one  day  in  every  week,  but 
every  day  devoted,  and  most  enthusiastically  devoted,  to  the 
pursuit ! — it  is  enough  to  shake  a  much  more  constant  man  than 
me.  What  say  you  to  it  ?  You  will  say,  perhaps,  that  in  these 
war  times  I  might  be  better  employed  than  in  reading  Cicero. 
But  "  I  deny  your  hypothesis,"  as  one  of  Judge  Coalter's  Scotch- 
Irish  acquaintances  replied  to  a  man  who  had  given  him  the  lie. 
The  Legislature  have  dismantled  my  flying  artillery,  by  prohibit- 
ing the  Executive  from  supplying  us  with  horses  and  other  muni- 
tions of  war,  whereby  they  have  driven  me  into  the  ranks  of  the 
militia  again,  and  there  I  stand  until  the  war  comes  to  me. 

Oh,  for  an  American  General ! — What  can  we  do  without  one, 
but  erect  monuments  to  our  own  folly  and  disgrace  on  the  Cana- 
dian frontier .''  Had  we  a  commander  worthy  of  our  cause  and 
of  our  people,  the  army  would  be  the  resort  of  character  and 
talents,  and  we  might  once  more  "  put  the  British  troops  to 
school."     As  it  is — Good  Lord  deliver  us  ! 

They  say  the  hostages  are  delivered  up; — and,  I  suppose,  we 
shall  go  on,  in  the  sanguine  hope  of  peace,  acting  as  if  that  peace 
had  already  taken  place,  till  the  Philistines  be  upon  us.  How  far 
may  the  designs  of  England  reach  ?  She  has  just  seen  France 
complete  the  circle  of  her  Revolution  by  returning  to  her  old 
allegiance.  May  she  not  improve  upon  the  hint  in  regard  to  us  .'' 
and  want  her  American  Colonies  again  to  preserve  her  balance 
against  those  great  powers  who  have  been  shaking  Europe  to  its 
foundations?  May  not  our  divisions  foster  such  a  project.''  If 
she  has  such  a  project  in  her  head,  although  perfectly  chimerical, 
it  will  tend,  I  apprehend,  to  prolong  the  war,  as  well  as  to  render 
it  much  more  obstinate  and  bloody. 

Your  sincere  and  cordial  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

VOL.  1—32 


374  EXTRAVAGANT    OPINIONS.  [1814. 

Tlie  present  generation  will  be  amused  at  these  speculations 
upon  the  purpose  of  England,  in  the  war  to  which  they  refer. 
They  are  worthy  of  note,  as  expressing  opinions  and  apprehensions 
which  many  seriously  entertained  in  this  country, — but  which  we 
can  scarcely  imagine  ever  found  a  place  in  the  deliberations  of  a 
British  cabinet.  Between  the  war  of  the  Revolution  and  that  of 
1812,  the  interval,  as  it  had  not  obliterated  the  animosity  of  the 
country  against  England,  so,  neither  had  it  entirely  removed  the 
suspicion  of  a  desire,  on  the  part  of  our  old  enemy,  to  attempt  the 
reconquest  of  her  lost  colonies  when  occasion  might  seem  to  favor 
the  enterprise.  The  vestige  of  this  sentiment  left  upon  the  minds 
of  the  people,  somewhat  resembles  that  connected  with  the  Pre- 
tender, whose  apparition  disturbed  the  dreams  of  Englishmen  even 
at  the  date  of  the  birth  of  George  the  Third.  The  lapse  of  time 
between  the  war  of  1812  and  the  present  day,  amongst  its  mira- 
cles of  national  progress,  has  thrown  this  fancy  of  the  recon- 
quest,— if  any  sane  man  ever  indulged  it, — into  the  category  of 
the  most  harmless  of  dreams ;  with  even  less  of  the  probable  in 
it  than  that  counterpart  prophecy,  which  we  have  heard  in  this 
our  own  day — "  That  man  is  now  alive,  with  a  beard  upon  his 
chin,  who  will  see  an  American  army  reviewed  by  an  American 
general,  in  Hyde  Park."  Let  us  hope  that  the  guardian  genius  of 
the  future  destiny  of  two  great  nations,  will  keep  such  "  toys  of 
desperation  "  out  of  the  minds  of  both ;  and  ever  confirm  them  in 
the  virtuous  faith,  that  peace  and  brotherhood  have  nobler 
triumphs  than  the  vulgar  glories  of  war.  May  their  strength 
never  be  measured  in  more  destructive  contest  than  that  which 
shall  be  seen  in  the  rivalry  of  beneficent  acts  and  the  exchange 
of  the  physical  and  intellectual  wealth  of  civilization ! 

Francis  Gilmer  had  now  removed  to  Winchester,  with  an 
intent  to  commence  the  practice  of  the  law.  He  was  consigned 
by  Wirt  to  the  special  guidance  of  his  friend  Carr,  The  follow- 
ing is  an  extract  from  a  letter  to  the  young  practitioner  on  this 
occasion. 


CHAP.  XXI.]  LETTER    TO    GILMER.  375 


TO    FRANCIS    W.    GILMER. 

Richmond,  July  13,  1814. 
My  Dear  Francis  : 

I  thank  you  for  yours  of  the  14th,  which  I  have  just  received. 
You  magnify  very  much  the  slight  favors  which  we  have  had  it  in 
our  power  to  render  you.  Such  as  they  are  they  have  been  most 
cheerfully  rendered  ;  and  you  have  more  than  counterbalanced 
them  by  the  pleasure  of  your  society. 

Your  friends  are  all  interested  in  your  making  a  first  rate  figure. 
Mediocrity  will  not  content  us.  But  this  eminence  is  not  to  be 
reached  per  saltum ;  you  will  find  it  pretty  much  of  an  Alp- 
climbing  business.  The  points  of  the  rocks  to  which  you  cling 
will  often  break  in  your  hands,  and  give  you  many  a  fall  and 
many  a  bruise.  Those  who  are  in  possession  of  the  mountain 
before  you,  will  annoy  you  not  a  little  and  increase  the  natural 
difficulties  of  the  passage.  But,  instead  of  despairing  at  the  first 
fall,  or  at  the  twentieth,  remember  the  prospect  from  the  sum- 
mit, and  the  rich  prizes  that  await  you, — wealth,  beauty,  glory. 
Above  all,  do  not  be  disheartened  at  the  high  expectations 
which  you  know  to  be  entertained  of  you,  or  too  prompt  to 
despond  at  your  first  failures  and  the  slowness  of  your  progress. 
We  all  know  that  it  is  "  a  rough  roll  and  tumble "  game  in 
which  you  are  engaged,  and  if  you  are  thrown,  (as  thrown  you 
will  be,  again  and  again,)  you  must  up  with  a  laugh,  catch  a 
better  hold  next  time,  and  try  it  again.  Do  not  calculate  on 
feeling  perfectly  at  your  ease  in  this  gymnasium,  under  two  or 
three  years  ;  and  these,  not  two  or  three  years  of  indolent  hanging 
on,  (from  which  you  could  learn  nothing,)  but  of  daily  and  arduous 
exercise  and  study.  You  know  you  have  much  yet  to  read,  to  fill 
up  the  outline  which  we  had  marked  out  for  your  preparatory 
studies.  You  must,  especially,  make  yourself  intimate  with  the 
Virginia  reporters,  and  feel  at  home  in  all  the  cases,  so  as  to 
have,  not  only  the  principles,  but  the  names  of  the  cases  ever 
ready. 

You   cannot   conceive  how   much   the   mastery  of  our   State 
decisions  will  place  you  at  your  ease,  and  what  vantage  ground  it 


376  PREPARATION   FOR   THE   BAR.  [ISU- 

will  give  you,  over  the  generality  of  your  profession.  The  law 
is  to  many,  at  first  and  at  last  too,  a  dry  and  revolting  study. 
It  is  hard  and  laborious ;  it  is  a  dark  and  intricate  labyrinth, 
through  which  they  grope  in  constant  uncertainty  and  per- 
plexity,— the  most  painful  of  all  states  of  mind.  But  you  cannot 
imagine  that  this  was  the  case  with  Lord  Mansfield,  or  with 
Blackstone,  who  saw  the  whole  fabric  in  full  daylight  in  all  its 
proportions  and  lustre ;  who  were,  indeed,  the  architects  that 
lielped  to  build  it  up.  Although,  at  present,  you  walk,  as  it 
were,  through  the  valley  of  the  shadow  of  death,  yet  keep  on, 
and  you  will  emerge  into  the  bright  and  perfect  day ;  and  leav- 
ing behind  you  the  gropers,  and  bats,  and  moles,  you  will  see 
the  whole  system  at  one  glance,  and  walk  like  the  master  of  the 
mansion,  at  your  ease,  into  any  apartment  you  choose.  O  diem 
praeclarem !  Then  you  will  handle  your  tools,  not  only  dexte- 
rously but  gracefully,  like  a  master  workman,  and  add,  yourself, 
either  a  portico,  a  dome,  or  an  attic  story  to  the  building  and 
engrave  your  name  on  the  marble,  Proh  spectaculum !  But 
enough,  and  more  than  enough,  to  you  who  require  rather  the 
rein  than  the  spur.  I  feel  great  anxiety  for  you,  and  am  very 
anxious  to  hear  of  your  debut.  Avail  yourself  of  the  first  favor- 
able opportunity  to  make  it ;  taking  full  time  for  preparation,  (but 
not  for  pompous  preparation,  which  would  ruin  you  ;)  and  give 
me  an  ingenuous  account  of  the  whole  affair.  Remember  in  your 
preparations,  that  emicleare  does  not  signify  to  mash  the  kernel, 
and  take  out  a  part — but  to  take  out  the  whole,  neat  and  clean, 
******* 

We  all  join  in  love  and  best  wishes  to  you. 

Adieu, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

We  shall  now  find  some  pictures  of  a  militia  campaign,  in  the 
following  extracts  from  a  correspondence  with  Mrs.  Wirt,  The 
enemy  had  captured  Washington  on  the  24th  of  August.  The 
British  fleet  had  descended  the  Potomac  River,  and  was  now  in 
the  Chesapeake  Bay.  Its  destination  remained  unknown  in  Rich- 
mond, until  the  movement  on  Baltimore  became  apparent.  The 
failure  on  Baltimore,  on  the  12th  and  13th  of  September,  animated 
the  hopes  of  the  people  living  in  the  vicinity  of  the  Ches;apeake, 


o 


CHAP.  XXI.]  CAMP    LIFE.  377 

and  increased  their  confidence  in  their  power  to  repel  an  attack 
on  any  other  point.     A  camp  was  formed  below  Richmond,  on  the 
York  River,  at  a  place  known  as  Warrenigh  Church.     Wirt  was 
there,  a  captain  of  artillery,  in  command  of  a  battalion. 
These  extracts  supply  some  incidents  of  camp  life. 

Warrenigh,  September  9,  1814. 

"  Your  most  seasonable  supply,  under  convoy  of  our  man  Ran- 
dal, came  in  last  evening.  The  starving  Israelites  were  not  more 
laddened  by  the  arrival  of  quails  and  manna,  than  we  were  by 
the  salutation  of  Randal.  The  fish  would  have  been  a  superb 
treat,  had  there  been  such  an  article  as  a  potato  in  this  poverty- 
stricken  land.  And  yet  the  parish,  according  to  the  old  inscrip- 
tions, is  called  '  Bliss-Land.' — The   church   was   built  in  1709. 

"  The  British  fleet  are  said  to  have  descended  the  bay,  or  to  be 
now  doing  so.  There  was  a  seventy-four  at  the  mouth  of  York 
River,  day  before  yesterday.  She  weighed  anchor,  yesterday, 
and  went  up  the  bay." 

September  12. 

"  Your  kindness  and  thoughtfulness  has  filled  my  camp  with 
luxury.  I  fear  we  shall  have  no  opportunity  to  become  memo- 
rable for  any  thing  but  our  good  living — for  I  begin  to  believe  that 
the  enemy  will  not  attempt  Richmond.  They  are  said  to  have 
gone  up  the  bay  on  some  enterprise.  If  they  are  hardy  enough 
to  make  an  attempt  on  Baltimore,  there  is  no  knowing  what  they, 
may  not  attempt.  We  are  training  twice  a  day,  which  does'nt  well 
agree  with  our  poor  horses.  We  have  a  bad  camping  ground — 
on  a  flat  which  extends  two  miles  to  the  river — the  water  is  not 
good  and  the  men  are  sickly.  I  shall  want  a  tent, — about  which 
Cabell  must  interest  himself.  Let  the  materials  be  good,  and  have 
it  made  under  Pryor's  direction." 

September  13. 

"  An  express  this  morning  tells  us  that  five  square-rigged  vessels 
are  at  the  mouth  of  York  River.  It  is  conjectured  that  the  British 
fleet  is  coming  down  the  bay.  Their  object  of  course,  is  only 
guess.  Their  position  indicates  equally  an  ascent  of  York  or 
James  River,  or  an  attack  on  Norfolk,  or  a  movement  to  sea  to 
intercept  Decatur's  squadron. 
'«^    VOL.  1—32* 


378  CAMP    LIFE.  [1814. 

September  16. 
"  A  letter  last  night  from  Cabell,  with  a  good  tent  and  some 
clothes — for  which  I  beg  you  to  thank  him." 

September  19. 

"  The  struggle,  I  now  believe,  will  be  a  short  one.  The  invin- 
cibles  of  Wellington,  are  found  to  be  vincible,  and  are  melting 
away  by  repeated  defeats.  The  strongest  blows  they  have  been 
striking  have  been  aimed  only  at  the  power  to  dictate  a  peace. 
A  few  more  such  repulses  as  they  met  at  Baltimore,  will  extin- 
guish that  lofty  hope,  and  we  shall  have  a  peace  on  terms  hon- 
orable to  us. 

"  We  have  heard  nothing  from  them  since  they  left  Baltimore : 
so  that  they  cannot  be  yet  coming  this  way, — and  we  are  at  a  loss 
to  conjecture  what  they  are  at. 

"Our  volunteers  are  becoming  disorderly  for  want  of  an  enemy 
to  cope  with.  Quarrels,  arrests,  courts-martial,  are  beginning  to 
abound.  I  have  had  several  reprimands  to  pronounce  at  the  head 
of  my  company,  in  compliance  with  the  sentence  of  the  courts. 
To  one  of  these,  James,  our  man,  held  the  candle — it  being  dark 
at  the  time; — and  when  I  finished  and  turned  round,  the  black  ras- 
cal was  in  a  broad  grin  of  delight.  I  was  near  laughing  myself 
at  so  unexpected  a  spectacle.  My  men  are  all  anxious  to  return 
home: — constant  applications  for  furloughs,  in  which  Col.  Ran- 
dolph indulges  them  liberally.  At  present,  I  have  not  more  than 
men  enough  to  man  two  guns.  One  of  my  sergeants  deserted  this 
morning; — another  will  be  put  under  arrest  presently.  So  much 
grumbling  about  rations, — about  the  want  of  clothes, — about  their 
wives, — their  business,  debts,  sick  children,  &c.,  &c., — that  if  I 
get  through  this  campaign  in  good  temper,  I  shall  be  proof  against 
all  the  cares  of  a  plantation,  even  as  Cabell  depicts  them. 

" I   am  perpetually  interrupted  by  the  complaints  of  my 

men.  Yet  I  do  well,  and  if  they  leave  me  men  enough  I  shall  be 
prepared  for  a  fight  in  a  few  days.  We  expect  the  enemy  some- 
where in  Virginia,  to  avenge  their  discomfiture   at  Baltimore." 

September  26. 
"  Still  at  Warrenigh,  and  less   probability  of  an  enemy  than 
ever.     We  are  doing  nothing  but  drilling,  firing  national  salutes 


CHAP.  XXI.]  DISCONTENTS    OF    THE    MILITIA.  379 

for  recent  victories,  listening-  to  the  everlasting  and  growing  dis- 
contents of  the  men,  and  trying  their  quarrels  before  courts- 
martial.  I  have  endeavored  to  give  satisfaction  to  my  company, 
so  far  as  I  could  compatibly  with  discipline.  My  success,  I  fear, 
has  been  limited.  In  addition  to  their  rations,  which  have  been 
very  good  and  abundant,  I  have  distributed  to  the  sick,  with  a  lib- 
eral hand,  the  comforts  which  your  kindness  had  supplied.  The 
company  is  well  provided  with  tents  and  cooking  utensils,  yet 
they  murmur  incessantly.  Such  are  volunteer  militia  when  taken 
from  their  homes,  and  put  on  camp  duty.  One  source  of  their 
inquietude  is,  that  they  thought  they  were  coming  down  merely 
for  a  fight,  and  then  to  return.  Being  kept  on  the  ground,  after 
the  expectation  of  a  battle  has  vanished,  and  not  knowing  how 
long  they  are  to  remain — looking  every  day  for  their  discharge — 
they  are  enduring  the  pain  of  hope  deferred,  and  manifest  their 
disquiet  in  every  form.  Of  such  men,  in  such  a  state  of  mind,  in 
such  a  service,  I  am  getting  heartily  sick. 

"  I  was  never  in  better  health,  and  were  my  men  contented,  I 
should  be  in  high  spirits.  As  it  is,  I  shall  bear  up  and  discharge 
my  duty  with  a  steady  hand.  *  *  * 

Frank  Gilmer,  Jefferson  Randolph,  the  Carrs,  Upshur,  and 
others,  have  got  tired  of  waiting  for  the  British,  and  gone  home. 
David  Watson  is  the  only  good  fellow  that  remains  with  us.  He 
is  a  major,  quartered  at  Abner  Tyne's, — messes  with  us, — takes 
six  pinches  of  snuff  to  my  one,  which  he  thrusts  two  inches  up  his 
bellows  nostrils,  and  smiles  at  the  luxury  of  the  effort.  He  is  an 
excellent  fellow,  and  has  spouted  almost  all  Shakspeare  to  us. 
You  remember  him  as  a  contributor  to  the  Old  Bachelor.  He, 
my  second  captain,  Lambert,  and  my  second  lieutenant,  Dick, 
make  admirable  company  for  me." 

September  28. 

"  The  Blues  at  Monlpelier  are  suffering  much  from  sickness. 
Murphy,  your  brother  John  and  his  friend  Blair  are  all  down. 
The  other  companies  are  almost  unofficered — the  men  very  sickly. 
I  strongly  suspect  that  if  we  are  kept  much  longer  hovering  over 
these  marshes,  our  soldiers  will  fall  like  the  grass  that  now  covers 
them.  We  hope  to  be  ordered  in  a  few  days  to  Richmond.  It 
is  believed  on  every  hand  that  the  British,  with  their  mutinous  and 


380  END    OP   THE   CAMPAIGN.  [1814. 

deserting  troops,  will  not  attempt  a  march  on  Richmond  through 
the  many  defiles,  swamps,  thickets  and  forests  that  line  the  road, 
where,  besides  the  abundant  opportunities  for  desertion,  nature 
has  formed  so  many  covers  for  our  riflemen  and  infantry.  * 

*  *  *  If  we  should  be  ordered  to  Richmond,  I 
have  no  idea  that  my  company  will  be  discharged.  It  will  be 
kept  there  ready  to  march  at  a  moment's  warning." 

Here  ends  the  campaign  of  Captain  Wirt,  and  with  it  the  last 
of  his  military  aspirations.  This  little  piece  of  history  is  a  faith- 
ful transcript  of  some  of  the  most  characteristic  incidents  of 
militia  warfare  in  nearly  all  the  service  of  the  war  of  1812. 

"  I  would  not,"  says  the  author  of  this  brief  diary,  in  a  subse- 
quent letter  to  Mrs.  W.,  "  with  my  present  feelings  and  opinions, 
accept  of  any  military  commission  the  United  States  could  confer. 

*  *  I  will  be  a  private  citizen  as  long  as  I  can  see 
that,  by  being  so,  I  shall  be  of  use  towards  maintaining  those  who 
are  dependent  upon  me ;  holding  myself  ever  ready  for  my  coun- 
try's call  in  time  of  need.  *  *  *  * 

"  We  shall  soon  see  whether  Lord  Hill,  who  is  expected  on 
the  coast  with  fourteen  thousand  men,  will  single  out  Virginia  for 
his  operations.  My  own  impression  is  that  he  goes  to  the  relief 
of  Canada,  which  feels  itself  in  danger  from  our  recent  successes 
there." 

Some  business  for  a  friend  now  took  him  to  Washington.  It 
was  in  October  of  this  year — 1814.  Congress  was  in  session. 
The  Capitol  was  in  ruins,  having  been  burnt  by  the  enemy  in 
August,  The  President's  house  was  in  the  same  condition.  There 
were  other  vestiges  of  the  ravage  of  the  late  visitation  of  General 
Ross  and  Admiral  Cockburn. 


TO    MRS.    WIRT. 

Georgetown,  D.  C,  October  14,  1814. 
"  Here  I  am  at  Crawford's.         *  *  I  am  surrounded 

by  a  vast  crowd  of  Legislators   and   gentlemen  of   the  Turf, 
assembled  here  for  the  races  which  are  to  commence  to-morrow. 
The  races  ! — amid  the  ruins  and  desolation  of  Washington. 
****** 


CHAP.  XXI.]  VISIT    TO    WASHINGTON.  381 


"  We  reached  here  on  Friday  night.  On  Saturday,  after 
washing  off  the  dust  of  the  journey,  I  sallied  forth  to  the  War 
Office,  my  business  being  with  Colonel  Monroe.  He  Avas  not 
there.  I  went  to  look  at  the  ruins  of  the  President's  house.  The 
rooms  which  you  saw  so  richly  furnished,  exhibited  nothing  but 
unroofed  naked  walls,  cracked,  defaced  and  blackened  with  fire. 
I  cannot  tell  you  what  I  felt  as  I  walked  amongst  them.  * 
*  From  this  mournful  monument  of  American  imbecility  and 

improvidence,  and  of  British  atrocity,  I  went  to  the  lobby  of  the 
House  of  Representatives, — a  miserable  little  narrow  box,  in 
which  I  was  crowded  and  suffocated  for  about  three  hours,  in 
order  to  see  and  hear  the  wise  men  of  the  nation.  They  are 
no  great  things.  At  five,  to  Monroe's,  and  was  cordially  received 
by  him. 

"  Last  night  I  went  to  church  and  heard  a  Mr.  Inglis  of  Balti- 
more, deliver  what  I  should  call — not  a  sermon — but  a  very  ele- 
gant oration  in  a  theatrical  style.  The  composition  was  rich,  but 
I  thought  out  of  place  ;  his  manner  still  more  so.         *         * 

"  P and  I  called  on  the  President.     He  looks  miserably 

shattered  and  wo-begone.  In  short,  he  looked  heart-broken.  His 
mind  is  full  of  the  New  England  sedition.  He  introduced  the 
subject  and  continued  to  press  it, — painful  as  it  obviously  was  to 
him.  I  denied  the  probability,  even  the  possibility  that  the 
yeomanry  of  the  North  could  be  induced  to  place  themselves 
under  the  power  and  protection  of  England,  and  diverted  the 
conversation  to  another  topic ;  but  he  took  the  first  opportunity  to 
return  to  it,  and  convinced  me  that  his  heart  and  mind  were  pain- 
fully full  of  the  subject. 

"  The  arrival  of  a  despatch  gave  us  an  opportunity  to  retire. 
He  invited  us  to  dine  with  him,  but  we  declined,  having  planned 
an  excursion  to  Bladensburg,  and,  perhaps,  Baltimore.  *  * 
We  then  went  to  the  War  office.  The  Secretary  kept  me 
engaged  in  political  conversation  till  four  o'clock.  By  this  deten- 
tion, I  lost  a  speech  of  the  celebrated  Webster,  which  I  would  not 
have  lost  for  all  the  Secretary's  eloquence.  To-day,  I  go  in  the 
hope  of  hearing  Pickering, — having  declined  the  Bladensburg  trip, 
in  consequence  of  the  importance  of  the  debate.  Tell  Cabell  to 
prepare  for  the  fax  :  the  direct  tax  will  certainly  be  increased  one 
hundred  per  cent.  *  *  A  hundred  thousand  regulars, 


382       FIRST  ENGAGEMENT  IN   THE   SUPREME   COURT.      [1814. 

and  from  twenty  to  thirty  thousand  provisional  troops  will  be 
raised  for  defensive  and  offensive  war.  The  war  in  Canada  will 
be  pushed  with  vigor.  War  between  France  and  England  is 
expected  by  the  high  powers  here ; — on  what  grounds  I  have 
not  learned." 

This  visit  to  the  city  of  Washington  was  the  commencement  of 
a  long  and  intimate  connection  with  affairs,  both  professional  and 
political,  on  that  theatre.  Wirt  was  now  about  to  become  a 
practitioner  in  the  Supreme  Court.  In  a  letter  to  Carr,  dated 
Richmond  10th  of  December,  he  refers  to  an  engagement  which 
may  possibly  bring  him  into  a  trial  of  strength  with  one  whom 
he  afterwards  met  in  many  a  contest,  and  whose  name  at  that 
day  gave  to  the  American  bar  its  most  brilliant  light.  This  trial 
did  not  take  place  as  soon  as  expected,  but  was  deferred  for 
another  year.  In  the  extract  from  this  letter,  which  follows,  we 
may  see  that  the  writer's  mind  has  been  touched  by  some  presage 
of  a  connection  with  public  life. 

"  Government,  my  friend,  is  but  an  up-hill  work  at  best ;  and, 
not  least  perhaps,  this  elective  government  of  ours,  vi'here  the 
public  good  is  the  last  thing  thought  of  by  the  Legislator — his 
own  re-election  being  the  first.  What  a  stormy  life  is  this  of  the 
politician  !  What  hardness  of  nerve,  what  firmness  of  mind  and 
steadiness  of  purpose  does  it  require  to  sit  composedly  at  the 
hMm,  and  ably  at  the  same  time  !  Give  me  a  life  of  literary 
ease  !  This  is,  perhaps,  an  ignoble  wish ;  but  it  is,  still,  mine. 
Let  those  who  enjoy  public  life  ride  in  the  whirlwind  !  I  covet 
not  their  honors, — aUhough,if  necessary,  I  would  not  shrink  from 
the  duty. 

I  have  some  expectation  of  going  to  Washington  in  February, 
to  plead  a  cause.  The  preliminaries  are  not  quite  settled. 
Should  they  be  so  to  my  satisfaction,  will  you  meet  me  there .''  I 
shall  be  opposed  to  the  Attorney  General,  and,  perhaps,  to 
PiNKNEY.  '  The  blood  more  stirs  to  rouse  the  lion  than  to  hunt 
the  hare.'     I  should  like  to  meet  them." 

Mr.  Pinkney  had  resigned  the  post  of  Attorney  General  after 
holding  it  about  two  years,  and  was  succeeded,  in  February  1814, 


CHAP.  XXr.]  EXPECTED    CONTEST    IN    IT.  383 

by  Mr.  Rush.  We  may  note  in  the  closing  aspiration  of  this 
last  extract,  as  a  curious  coincidence,  that  this  wish  is  breathed 
by  one  who  was  destined  to  become  the  Attorney  General,  and 
whose  ambition  was  to  meet  in  debate  the  combined  powers  of 
one  who  had  been,  and  another  who  was  then,  the  occupant  of 
that  high  post  in  the  Government. 


CHAPTER    XXII. 

1815—1816. 

VISITS     WASHINGTON      TO      ATTEND     THE     COURT — RETURNS.— PEACE    RE- 
STORED BY  THE  TREATY  OF  GHENT — LETTER  TO  GILMER.- RESUMES  THE 

BIOGRAPHY  OF    HENRY DIFFICULTIES    OF    THIS    WORK SCANTINESS    OF 

MATERIAL THE  AUTHOR  WEARY  OF  IT LETTER  TO  CARR  ON  THE  SUB- 
JECT.—DABNEY    CARR    THE    ELDER.— THE    ORIGIN    OF    THE    CONTINENTAL 

CONGRESS.- PETER  CARR LETTERS  TO  CARR  AND  GH.MER.— GEORGE   HAY 

RESIGNS  THE  POST  OF  DISTRICT  ATTORNEY WIRT  RECOMMENDS  UPSHUR 

TO  THE  PRESIDENT MODERATION  OF  POLITICAL  FEELING— MR.  MADISON 

APPOINTS  WIRT  TO  THE  OFFICE.— CORRESPONDENCE  IN  REFERENCE  TO 
THIS  APPOINTMENT MAKES  HIS  DEBUT  IN  THE  SUPREME  COURT— EN- 
COUNTERS PINKNEY.— HIS  OPINION  OF  PINKNEY.— LETTER  TO  GILMER.— 
LETTER    TO   CARR   ON    "THE  PATH   OF   PLEASURE,"   AND   HIS    OPINION   OP 

THIS    DRAMATIC   ATTEMPT CORRESPONDENCE   WITH   MR.  JEFFERSON    ON 

THE  SUBJECT  OF  THE  BIOGRAPHY.— LETTER  TO  RICHARD  MORRIS. 

Wirt  repaired  to  Washington  soon  after  the  date  of  the  last 
letter.  It  seems,  however,  that  the  opportunity  for  his  debut  in 
the  Supreme  Court  was  postponed.  He  remained  a  few  weeks 
at  the  capital,  amused  with  the  scenes  it  presented  to  him,  and 
employing  his  time  in  extending  his  acquaintance  with  public  men. 

Early  in  1815,  peace  was  restored  by  the  Treaty  of  Ghent, 
and  a  universal  joy  filled  the  heart  of  the  country.  Every  one 
thought  of  getting  "  back  to  busy  life  again" — happy  that  the 
stagnation  to  industry,  the  waste  of  war  and  all  the  disorders  of 
interrupted  peace  were  to  give  place  to  the  orderly  pursuit  of 
personal  interests.  Wirt  shared  in  this  sentiment  as  warmly  as 
any  one,  and  betook  himself  with  fresh  ardor  to  his  customary 
labors. 

We  have  here,  another  letter  of  professional  admonition  to  his 
young  friend. 


CHAP.  XXir.]  LETTER   TO    GILMER.  385 


TO    FRANCIS    W.    GILMER. 

Richmond,  July  23,  1815 
Mv  Dear  Francis: 

We  thank  you  for  your  affectionate  favor  of  the  17th,  from  Al- 
bemarle. Providence,  I  believe,  is  ordering  every  thing  for  the 
best  for  you.  I  do  not  know  that  we  have  much  occasion  to 
regret  the  disapj3ointment  of  this  trip  of  yours  to  Europe.  Our 
friend  Coalter  is  vociferous  against  it — and  let  me  tell  you,  that 
his  judgment  is  as  solid  as  his  native  mountains,  and  moreover, 
that  he  takes  a  strong  interest  in  your  prosperity.  You  lose  by  it, 
imagination?  Create  Dr.  Johnson's  ideal  rival  of  perfection  in 
the  view  of  European  models ;  but  can  you  not  supply  them  by 
your  own  mind,  and  compete  with  it }  The  which  ideal  rival  is 
only  Cicero's  aliquid  immcnsum,  &c.  You  are  to  bear  in  mind, 
that  we  all  have  our  eyes  and  our  hopes  upon  you.  You  are 
to  remember  that  glory  is  not  that  easy  kind  of  inheritance  which 
the  law  will  cast  upon  you,  without  any  effort  of  your  own ;  but 
that  you  are  to  work  for  it  and  fight  for  it,  with  the  patient  per- 
severance of  a  Hercules.  You  are  also  to  bear  in  mind,  that  the 
friends  who  know  and  love  you,  and  acknowledge  your  talents, 
are  not  the  world.  That  in  regard  to  the  world,  upon  which  you 
are  entering,  you  are  unknown ;  that  with  them  you  have  to  make 
your  way,  as  a  perfect  stranger.  And  that  it  is  not  by  the  display 
of  your  general  science,  that  the  herd  is  to  be  caught ;  but  by 
the  dexterity  with  which  you  handle  your  professional  tools,  and 
the  power  which  you  evince  to  serve  your  clients  in  your  trade. 
Now,  the  law  depends  on  such  a  system  of  unnatural  reasoning, 
that  your  natural  reasoning,  however  strong,  will  not  serve  the 
turn.  It  is  true,  that  when  you  once  understand  this  artificial 
foundation,  your  natural  reason  will  avail  you  much  in  applying 
it,  and  measuring  the  superstructure. 

But,  in  the  first  place,  you  must  read,  sir : — You  must  read  and 
meditate,  like  a  Conastoga  horse, — no  disparagement  to  the  horse 
by  the  simile.  You  must  read  like  Jefferson,  and  speak  like 
Henry.  If  you  ask  me  how  you  are  to  do  this,  /  cannot  tell  you, 
but  you  are  nevertheless  to  do  it.  There  is  one  thing  which  I 
believe  I  have  not  mentioned  to  you,  more  than  about  five  hundred 
VOL.  1—33 


386  PROFESSIONAL   DEMEANOR.  [1815-1816. 

times,  which  you  are  constantly  to  attend  to — and  in  this  you  must 
respect  my  advice  and  follow  it :   let  you  debut  be   a   decisive 
one  ! ! !     Don't  make  your  first  appearance  in  a  trifling  case.     Get 
yourself  either  by  a  fee,  or  voluntarily,  into  the  most  important 
cause  that  is  to  be  tried  in  Winchester,  at  the  fall  term.     Let  it  be 
such  a  cause  as  will  ensure  you  a  throng  of  hearers : — master  the 
cause  in  all  its  points,  of  fact  and  law  ;  digest  a  profound,  compre- 
hensive, simple,  and  glowing  speech  for  the  occasion — not  strained 
beyond  the  occasion,  nor  beyond  the  capacity  of  your  audience  ; — 
and  make  upon  the  world  the  impression  of  strength,  of  vigor,  of 
great  energy,  combined  with  a  fluent,  animated,  nervous  elocu- 
tion; no  puerile,  out-of-the-way,  far-fetched,  or   pedantic  orna- 
ments or  illustrations,  but  simple,  strong,  and  manly — level  your- 
self to  the  capacity  of  your  hearers,  and  insinuate  yourself  among 
the  heart-strings,  the  bones  and  marrow,  both  of  your  jury  and 
back-bar  hearers.     I  say  jury — because  I  fear  that  a  chancery 
cause,  although  it  affords  the  best  means  of  preparation,  will  give 
you  no  audience  at  all ;   and  I  want  you  to  blow  your  first  blast, 
before  a  full  concourse,  both  loud  and  shrill : — and  hereof,  I  think, 
gentle  reader,  this  little  taste  may  suffice. 

Your  notions  of  your  indulgence  in  general  science,  are  correct. 
Don't  quit  them — but  let  them  be  subordinate  to  the  law.  By-the- 
way,  there  is  one  thing  I  had  like  to  have  forgotten.  One  of  the 
most  dignified  traits  in  the  character  of  Henry,  is  the  noble  decorum 
with  which  he  debated,  and  uniform  and  marked  respect  with 
which  he  treated  his  adversaries.  I  am  a  little  afraid  of  you  in 
this  particular;  for  you  are  a  wit,  and  a  satirist — God  help  you! 
Take  care,  take  care,  take  care  of  this  propegsity.  It  will  make 
you  enemies,  pull  a  bee-hive  on  your  head,  and  cover  your  fo- 
rensic path  with  stings  and  venom.  I  pray  you,  aim  at  masking 
yourself  with  Henry's  distinguished  character  for  decorum.  Let 
it  be  universally  agreed,  that  you  are  the  most  polite,  gentlemanly 
debater  at  the  bar.  That  alone  will  give  you  a  distinction — and  a 
noble  one  too;  besides  it  is  a  striking  index,  and  proper  con- 
comitant of  first  rate  talents. 

Don't  forget  your  promise  in  regard  to  Mr.  Jefferson,  and  the 
gallery  of  portraits.  *  *  #  * 

Continue  to  write  to  me.    Heaven  bless  you. 

Wm,  Wirt. 


CHAP.  XXII.]  THE    BIOGRAPHY    OF    HENR.Y.  387 


At  this  time  the  biography  of  Henry  was  resumed  with  a  stout 
resolve  to  bring  it  to  a  conclusion.  We  have  abundant  evidence 
that  this  had  already  grown  to  be  a  most  irksome  labor. 

The  following  letter  to  Carr  playfully  presents  the  difficulties 
of  this  undertaking,  and  shows  how  reluctantly  Wirt  struggled 
with  his  task.  It  contains  also  an  allusion  to  Dabney  Carr,  the 
father  of  his  friend,  and  the  compatriot  of  Henry, — a  gentleman 
most  favorably  known  in  the  short  legislative  career  to  which  we 
have  heretofore  adverted,  and  whose  early  death  had  blighted  the 
promise  of  a  fair  renown. 

Mr.  James  Webster,  of  Philadelphia,  to  whom  also  this  letter 
has  a  reference,  was  already  engaged  as  the  publisher  of  the  forth- 
coming volume,  and  had  made  some  announcements  of  it  to  the 
public,  which,  it  will  be  seen,  had  served  to  augment  the  author's 
disrelish  of  his  enterprise. 

TO     JUDGE    CARR. 

Richmond,  August  20,  1815. 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

******* 

Now  for  Patrick  Henry.  I  have  delved  on  to  my  one  hundred 
and  seventh  page;  up-hill  all  the  way,  and  heavy  work,  I  promise 
you ;  and  a  heavy  and  unleavened  lump  I  fear  me  it  will  be,  work 
it  as  I  may.  I  can  tell  you,  sir,  that  it  is  much  the  most  oppres- 
sive literary  enterprise  that  ever  I  embarked  in,  and  I  begin  to 
apprehend  that  I  shall  never  debark  from  it  without  "  rattling 
ropes  and  rending  sails."  I  write  in  a  storm,  and  a  worse  tempest, 
I  fear,  will  follow  its  publication.  Let  me  give  you  some  idea  of 
my  difficulties.  Imprimis,  then, — I  always  thought  that  Bozzy 
ranted,  in  complaining  so  heavily  of  the  infinite  difficulty  and 
trouble  which  he  had  to  encounter  in  fixing  accurately  the  dates 
of  trivial  facts ;  but  I  now  know  by  woful  experience  that  Bozzy 
was  right.  And,  in  addition  to  the  dates,  I  have  the  facts  them- 
selves to  collect.  I  thought  I  had  them  all  ready  cut  and  dry,  and 
sat  down  with  all  my  statements  of  correspondents  spread  out 
before  me  ;  a  pile  of  old  journals  on  my  right,  and  another  of  old 
newspapers  on  my  left,  thinking  that  I  had  nothing  else  to  do  but 
as  Lingo  says,  "  to  saddle  Pegasus,  and  ride  up  Parnassus."    Such 


388  THE   BIOGRAPHY    OF    HENRY.  [1815—1816. 

short-sightedness  is  there  in  "  all  the  schemes  o'  mice  and  men  :  " 
for  I  found,  at  every  turn  of  Henry's  life,  that  I  had  to  stop 
and  let  fly  a  volley  of  letters  over  the  State,  in  all  directions,  to 
collect  dates  and  explanations,  and  try  to  reconcile  contradictions. 
Meantime,  until  they  arrived,  "  I  kept  sowing  on." 

In  the  next  place,  this  same  business  of  stating  facts  with  rigid 
precision,  not  one  jot  more  or  less  than  the  truth — what  the  deuce 
has  a  lawyer  to  do  with  truth  !  To  tell  you  one  truth,  however, 
I  find  that  it  is  entirely  a  new  business  to  me,  and  I  am  propor- 
tionately awkward  at  it ;  for  after  I  have  gotten  the  facts  accu- 
rately, they  are  then  to  be  narrated  happily ;  and  the  style  of 
narrative,  fettered  by  a  scrupulous  regard  to  real  facts,  is  to  me 
the  most  difficult  in  the  w^orld.  It  is  like  attempting  to  run,  tied 
up  in  a  bag.  My  pen  wants  perpetually  to  career  and  frolic  it 
away.  But  it  must  not  be.  I  must  move  like  Sterne's  mule  over 
the  plains  of  Languedoc,  "  as  slow  as  foot  can  fall,"  and  that,  too, 
■without  one  vintage  frolic  with  Nanette  on  the  green,  or  even  the 
relief  of  a  mulberry  tree  to  stop  and  take  a  pinch  of  snuff  at,  I  was 
very  sensible,  when  I  began,  that  I  was  not  in  the  narrative  gait. 
1  tried  it  over  and  over  again,  almost  as  often  as  Gibbon  did  to 
hit  the  key-note,  and  without  his  success.  I  determined,  therefore, 
to  move  forward,  in  hopes  that  my  palfrey  would  get  broke  by 
degrees,  and  learn,  by-and-bye,  to  obey  the  slightest  touch  of  the 
snaffle.  But  I  am  now,  as  I  said,  in  my  hundred  and  seventh  page, 
which,  by  an  accurate  computation,  on  the  principles  of  Cocker, 
taking  twenty-four  sheets  to  the  quire,  and  four  pages  to  each 
sheet,  you  will  find  to  exceed  a  quire  by  eleven.  And  yet  am  I 
as  far  to  seek,  as  ever,  for  the  lightsome,  lucid,  simple  graces  of 
narrative.  You  may  think  this  affectation,  if  you  please,  or  you 
may  think  it  jest ;  but  the  dying  confession  of  a  felon  under  the 
gallows  (no  disparagement  to  him  !)  is  not  more  true,  nor  much 
more  mortifying. 

Tertio:  The  incidents  of  Mr.  Henry's  life  are  extremely  monoto- 
nous. It  is  all  speaking,  speaking,  speaking.  'Tis  irue  he  could 
talk  : — "  Gods  !  how  he  cmild  talk  !"  but  there  is  no  acting  "  the 
while."  From  the  bar  to  the  legislature,  and  from  the  legislature 
to  the  bar,  his  peregrinations  resembled,  a  good  deal,  those  of 
some  one,  I  forget  whom, — perhaps  some  of  our  friend  Tristram's 
characters,  "  from  the  kitchen  to  the  parlor,  and  from  the  parlor 


CHAP.  XXII.]  ITS    DIFFICULTIES.  389 

to  the  kitchen. "  And  then,  to  make  the  matter  worse,  from  1763 
to  1789,  covering  all  the  bloom  and  pride  of  his  life,  not  one  of 
his  speeches  lives  in  print,  writing  or  memory.  All  that  is  told 
me  is,  that,  on  such  and  such  an  occasion,  he  made  a  distinguished 
speech.  Now  to  keep  saying  this  over,  and  over,  and  over  again, 
without  being  able  to  give  any  account  of  what  the  speech  was, — 
why,  sir,  what  is  it  but  a  vast,  open,  sun-burnt  field  without  one  spot 
of  shade  or  verdure  }  My  soul  is  weary  of  it,  and  the  days  have 
come  in  which  I  can  say  that  I  have  no  pleasure  in  them.  I  have 
sometimes  a  notion  of  trying  the  plan  of  Botta,who  has  written  an 
account  of  the  American  war,  and  made  speeches  himself  for  his 
prominent  characters,  imitating,  in  this,  the  historians  of  Greece 
and  Rome  ;  but  I  think  with  Polybius,  that  this  is  making  too  free 
with  the  sanctity  of  history.  Besides,  Henry's  eloquence  was  all 
so  completely  sui  generis  as  to  be  inimitable  by  any  other :  and  to 
make  my  chance  of  imitating  him  still  worse,  I  never  saw  or 
heard  him.  Even  the  speeches  published  in  the  debates  of  the 
Virginia  convention  are  affirmed  by  all  my  correspondents,  not  to 
be  his,  but  to  fall  far  short  of  his  strength  and  beauty.  Yet,  in 
spite  of  all  this  monotony  and  destitution  of  materials,  we  have  a 
fellow  coming  out  in  the  Analectic  Magazine,  or  the  Baltimore 
Commercial  Advertiser,  I  forget  which, — for  both  have  been  at  it, — 
exciting  the  public  expectation  on  this  very  ground,  among  others, 
of  the  copiousness  and  variety  of  the  materials  within  my  reach. 
Those  puffs  mean  me  well,  but  I  could  wish  them  a  little  more 
judgment. 

Again :  there  are  some  ugly  traits  in  H's  character,  and 
some  pretty  nearly  as  ugly  blanks.  He  was  a  blank  military 
commander,  a  blank  governor,  and  a  blank  politician,  in  all  those 
useful  points  which  depend  on  composition  and  detail.  In  short, 
it  is,  verily,  as  hopeless  a  subject  as  man  could  well  desire.  I 
have  dug  around  it,  and  applied  all  the  plaister  of  Paris  that  I 
could  command  ;  but  the  fig-tree  is  still  barren,  and  every  bud 
upon  it  indicates  death  instead  of  life.  "  Then,  surely  you  mean 
to  give  it  up  .'' "  On  the  contrary,  I  assure  you,  sir :  I  have  stept 
in  so  deep,  that  I  am  determined,  like  Macbeth,  to  go  on, 
though  Henry,  like  Duncan,  should  bawl  out  to  me,  "  Sleep  no 
more  ! "  I  do  not  mean  that  I  am  determined  to  publish.  No, 
sir,  unless  I  can  mould  it  into  a  grace,  and  breathe  into  it  a  spirit 
VOL.  1—33* 


390  DABNEY    CARR   THE   ELDER.  [1815— 181&; 

which  I  have  never  yet  been  able  to  do,  it  shall  never  see  the 
ligiit;  Mr.  Webster's  proposals  to  the  contrary  notwithstanding. 
But  what  I  have  determined  upon  is  to  go  on  as  rapidly  as  I  can,  to 
embody  all  the  facts  :  then,  reviewing  the  whole,  to  lay  it  off  into 
sections,  by  epochs,  on  Middleton's  plan  ;  and  taking  up  the  first 
section,  to  make  a  last  and  dying  effort  upon  it  per  se.  If  I  fail,  I 
surrender  my  sword  :  if  otherwise,  I  shall  go  forth,  section  after 
section,  conquering  and  to  conquer.  And  if  the  public  forgive  me 
this  time,  I  will  promise  never  to  make  a  similar  experiment  on 
their  good  nature  again. 

With  regard  to  your  father.  (Dabney  Carr,)  I  bad  predeter- 
mined to  interweave  the  fact  you  mention.  Judge  Tucker  has 
furnished  me  the  incident.  "  It  was  at  this  time,  February  1772," 
says  the  Judge,  "  that  Mr.  Carr  made  a  motion  to  appoint  stand- 
ing committees  of  correspondence  with  the  other  colonies,  on  the 
subject  of  the  act  of  Parliament  imposing  duties  on  glass,  oil  and 
painters'  colors."  The  appointment  of  committees  of  safety  took 
place  in  1775,  after  the  organization  of  the  old  Congress,  to 
which,  you  say,  your  father's  motion  led.  In  regard  to  the  com- 
mittees of  correspondence  with  the  other  colonies,  Judge  Marshall 
gives  Massachusetts  the  credit  of  the  invention;  though,  I  suspect, 
wiiat  Massachusetts  did  invent, — judging  from  Marshall's  note  10, 
cited  page  149  of  his  second  volume, — was  nothing  more  than  town 
committees  within  that  colony,*  and  that  the  credit  of  committees 
of  correspondence  connecting  the  Colonies,  really  belongs  to  Vir- 
ginia. I  shall  communicate  with  Marshall  on  this  subject,  and 
wish  you  would  do  so  with  Mr.  Jefferson.  I  should  myself  write 
to  this  latter  gentleman,  but  I  have  already  written  to  him  so  often 
and  so  much,  in  the  course  of  my  troubles  with  Patrick,  that  I 
am  really  ashamed  to  annoy  him  farther,  though  I  have  much  and 
frequent  occasion  for  it. 

I  wish  I  knew  something  more  specifically  of  your  father's  cast 
of  character,  in  order  that  I  might  take  this  opportunity  of  giving 

*  This  point,  upon  further  investigation,  was  settled  in  the  estahlishment  of  an 
equal  claim  on  the  part  of  the  two  States  to  the  origination  of  the  committees.  In 
the  Life  of  Henry,  page  87,  the  author  asserts  in  a  note  :  "  The  measures  were  so 
nearly  coeval  in  the  two  States,  as  to  have  rendered  it  impossible  that  either  could 
have  borrowed  it  from  the  other.  The  messengers  who  bore  the  propositions  from 
the  two  States  are  said  to  have  crossed  each  other  on  the  way." 


CHAP.  XXII.]  A    SKETCH    OF    HIM.  391 

him  the  best  niche  that  my  poor  jaded  pen  could  form.     I  have 
only  a  general  impression  that  he  was  much  such  a  man  as  it  is 
easy  to  conceive  your  brother  Peter*  would  have  been,  had  his 
industry  and  enterprise  been  equal  to  his  genius.     Open,  noble, 
magnanimous;  bold,   ardent,  and  eloquent;   with   a  mind   rather 
strong  than  acute  ;  rather  comprehensive  and  solid  in  his  views, 
than    remarkable    for  subtilty    of    discrimination ;    disposed    and 
qualified  to  lay  hold  of  and  plant  himself  on  great  principles, 
rather  than  to  run  divisions  among  minutias;  with  an  understanding 
highly  cultivated,  a  rich  imagination,  a  refined  and  classical  taste, 
a  full  and  melodious  voice,  and  a  copious  command  of  the  most 
pure  and  nervous  language.     If  this  would  be  saying  too  much  or 
too  little,  let  me  be  corrected,  for  I  have  set  out  with  the  purpose 
of  telling  the  truth,  the  whole  truth,  and  nothing  but  the  truth,  at 
least  in  this  book ;  though  I  should  be  very  unwilling  that  the 
world  should  know  how  awkward  I  am  at  it,  and  how  much  pain 
I  have  in  the  delivery,  for  they  would  certainly  discover  tliat  it  is 
my  first  operation  of  the  kind  ;  nor  should  I  be  astonished  if  some 
rascally  reviewer,  should  make  just  this  very  remark;  which  being 
true,  would  be  no  joke  at  all  to  me,  and  might  make  every  body 
else  laugh  except  "  Mr.  Callender's  counsel." 

Webster  vexes  me  not  a  little  by  the  style  of  his  proposals, 
tacking  to  my  name,  "  Author  of  the  British  Spy."  His  motive 
is  obvious  enough ;  but  the  world  will  consider  it  as  my  act, 
and  think  it  a  vanity, — which  I  abhor.     Again,  he  adds  in  his 

*  Peter  Carr  here  alluded  to,  and  whose  character  is  portrayed  in  such  terms  of 
discriminate  praise,  was  the  eldest  brother,  as  we  have  seen,  of  the  Judge.  He  had 
died  but  a  few  months  before  this  date.  There  is  a  touching  allusion  to  this  event 
in  a  letter  to  Judge  Carr,  written  almost  immediately  after  it. 

"  His  soul,  I  hope,  is  happier  even  than  it  was  on  earth.  It  is  among  the 
articles  of  my  creed  that  he  is  an  unseen  witness  of  our  sorrow  for  his  loss. 
Nothing  remains  for  us,  my  dear  friend,  but  to  remember  him,  to  love  him,  and  to 
gratify  his  spirit,  if  it  be  conscious  of  what  passes  on  earth,  by  drawing  closer  in 
our  affections  for  each  other.  Some  one  friend  or  other  is  continually  dropping 
from  us  ;  and  this  must  be  the  case  while  we  remain  in  this  state  of  being.  Let  us, 
then,  who  are  permitted  to  survive,  endeavor  to  repair  these  heart-rending  losses, 
by  loving  each  other  more  dearly,  and  clinging  more  closely  together. 

"  I  am  not  a  misanthrope,  yet  I  fear  it  is  not  often  that  we  shall  meet  with  men 
worthy  to  succeed,  in  our  affections,  to  those  whom  we  have  lost ;  or  to  become 
partners  in  that  friendship  which  binds  tlie  few  survivors  together." 


392  LITERARY   REPUTATION.  [1815—1816. 

proposals  to  the  Life  of  Henry,  "  together  with  several  of  his 
speeches."  Now  his  only  authority  for  this  is  that  I  told  him  I  had 
once  seen  Henry's  "  speech  on  the  British  debts  "  in  manuscript 
taken  by  a  stenographer,  and  might  perhaps  be  able  to  get  it 
again.     He  will  disappoint  the  public  in  this  particular. 

Hark  ye, — does  not  Fame  depend  on  the  multitude  of  readers 
and  approvers  .''  I  mean  literary  fame.  And  if  so,  what  kind  of 
works,  on  what  kind  of  subjects  give  a  man  the  fairest  chance  for 
this  aforesaid  fame  ? 

Now,  put  on  your  considering  cap  and  get  upon  your  wool-sack. 
I  ask  again,  now  that  you  are  seated,  and  your  "head  like  a 
smoke-jack,"  what  kind  of  writings  embrace  the  widest  circle 
of  readers  and  bid  the  fairest  to  flourish  in  never-fading  bloom  ? 
Answer :  Well-written  works  of  imagination.  If  you  say  politi- 
cal works,  count  the  readers  of  Locke  and  Sidney,  and  compare 
them  with  those  of  Shakspeare,  Milton,  Dryden,  and  Pope.  If 
you  choose  to  come  down  to  the  present  day,  compare  the  readers 
of  Hamilton  and  Madison  with  those  of  Walter  Scott  and  Lord 
Byron.  If  you  choose  to  institute  the  comparison  between  grave 
history  and  the  lighter  works  of  imagination,  you  will  find  ten 
to  one  in  favor  of  the  latter.  Robertson's  Charles  Fifth,  for 
example,  and  Tristram  Shandy. 

I  am  not  speaking  of  the  grade  or  quality  of  this  fame,  but 
of  the  spread,  the  propagation  and  continuity  of  the  article. 
"  But  I  would  rather  have  a  small  quantity  of  the  first  grade  than  a 
large  quantity  of  the  second."  Perhaps  you  would.  All  I  shall 
say  about  it  is,  de  gicstibus  non  est  disputandum.  I  would  rather 
have  a  thousand  dollars  in  bank  notes  earned  by  innocent  pleasure, 
than  a  hundred  guineas  in  gold,  procured  by  marshing  and 
ditching. 

Besides,  as  to  the  grade  itself,  I  am  not  quite  so  clear  that  the 
man  of  whom  it  was  truly  said, 

"  Each  change  of  many-colored  life  he  drew. 
Exhausted  worlds,  and  then  imagined  new," 

does  not  deserve  a  fame  as  high  and  rich  as  the  man  who  relates 
successfully  the  crimes  of  nations,  or  disentangles  ever  so  dex- 
terously the  political  skein.     This  being  the  case,  suppose  a  man 


CHAP.  XXII]  LETTER    TO    GILMER.  393 


to  write  for  fame,  what  course  should  he  take .''  What  says  the 
chancellor  ?  More  especially  if  the  writer  be  so  encumbered  by 
a  profession  as  to  have  only  a  few  transient  snatches  of  leisure 
which  he  can  devote  to  literary  pursuits.  You  see  what  I  am 
driving  at,  I  presume, — and  "  therefore  there  needs  no  more  to  be 
said  here." 

We  unite  cordially  in  love, 

Yours,  ever, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

TO    FRANCIS    W.    GILMER. 

Richmond,  August  29,  1815. 
Mr  Dear  Francis: 

I  received  last  night  your  letter  of  the  15th  inst.,  announcing 
your  arrival  at  Winchester,  and  thank  you  for  this  early  attention 
to  my  anxiety  for  your  welfare.  We  have  you  at  last  fairly  pitted 
on  the  arena, — stripped,  oiled,  your  joints  all  lubricated — your 
muscles  braced — your  nerves  strung ;  and  I  hope,  that  ere  long 
we  shall  hear  you  have  taken  the  victim  bull  by  the  horn,  with 
your  left  hand, 

durosque  reducta 


Libravit  dextra  media  inter  cornua  caestus 
Arduus,  effractoque  illisit  in  ossa  cerebro. 
Stemitur,  exanimisque  tremens  procumbit  humi  bos. 

I  perceive  that  you  are  going  to  work,  pell  mell,  nee  mora^ 
nee  requies  : — that's  your  sort — give  it  to  them  thicker  and  faster! 

Nunc  dextra  ingeminaas  citus,  nunc  ille  sinistra. 

It  is  this  glow  and  enthusiasm  of  enterprise  that  is  to  carry  you 
to  the  stars.  But  then  bear  in  mind,  that  it  is  a  long  journey  to 
the  stars,  and  that  they  are  not  to  be  reached  per  sallum.  "  Perse- 
verando  Vinces,"  ought  to  be  your  motto — and  you  should  write  it 
in  the  first  page  of  every  book  in  your  library.  Ours  is  not  a  pro- 
fession, in  which  a  man  gets  along  by  a  hop,  step  and  a  jump.  It 
is  the  steady  march  of  a  heavy  armed  legionary  soldier.  This 
armor  you  have  yet,  in  a  great  measure,  to  gain ;  to  learn  how  to 


394  RULES    FOR   BUSINESS.  [1815—1816. 

put  it  on ;  to  wear  it  without  fatigue ;  to  fight  in  it  with  ease,  and 
use  every  piece  of  it  to  the  best  advantage.  I  am  against  your 
extending  your  practice  therefore,  to  too  many  courts,  in  the 
beginning.  I  would  not  wish  you  to  plunge  into  an  extensive 
practice  at  once.  It  will  break  up  your  reading,  and  prevent  you 
from  preparing  properly  for  that  higher  theatre  which  you  ought 
always  to  keep  intently  in  your  mind's  eye. 

For  two  or  three  years,  you  must  read,  sir — read — read — 
delve — meditate — study — and  make  the  whole  mine  of  the  law 
your  own.  For  two  or  three  years,  I  had  much  rather  that  your 
appearances  should  be  rare  and  splendid,  than  frequent,  light  and 
vapid,  like  those  of  the  young  country  practitioners  about  you. 
******* 

Let  me  use  the  privilege  of  my  age  and  experience  to  give 
you  a  few  hints,  which,  now  that  you  are  beginning  the  practice, 
you  may  find  not  useless. 

1.  Adopt  a  system  of  life,  as  to  business  and  exercise;  and 
never  deviate  from  it,  except  so  far  as  you  may  be  occasionally 
forced  by  imperious  and  uncontrollable  circumstances. 

2.  Live  in  your  office ;  i.  e.  be  always  seen  in  it  except  at  the 
hours  of  eating  or  exercise. 

3.  Answer  all  letters  as  soon  as  they  are  received ;  you  know 
not  how  many  heart-aches  it  may  save  you.  Then  fold  neatly, 
endorse  neatly,  and  file  away  neatly,  alphabetically,  and  by  the 
year,  all  the  letters  so  received.  Let  your  letters  on  business  be 
short,  and  keep  copies  of  them. 

4.  Put  every  law  paper  in  its  place,  as  soon  as  received ;  and 
let  no  scrap  of  paper  be  seen  lying  for  a  moment,  on  your  writing 
chair  or  tables.  This  will  strike  the  eye  of  every  man  of  busi- 
ness who  enters. 

5.  Keep  regular  accounts  of  every  cent  of  income  and  expen- 
diture, and  file  your  receipts  neatly,  alphabetically,  and  by  the 
month,  or  at  least  by  the  year. 

6.  Be  patient  with  your  foolish  clients,  and  hear  all  their  tedious 
circumlocution  and  repetitions  with  calm  and  kind  attention  ;  cross 
examine  and  sift  them,  'till  you  know  all  the  strength  and  weak- 
ness of  their  cause,  and  take  notes  of  it  at  once  whenever  you 
can  do  so. 


CHAP.  XXII.]  RULES    FOR   BUSINESS.  395 

7.  File  your  bills  in  Chancery  at  the  moment  of  ordering  the 
suit,  and  while  your  client  is  yet  with  you  to  correct  your  state- 
ment of  his  case ;  also  prepare  every  declaration  the  moment  the 
suit  is  ordered,  and  have  it  ready  to  file. 

8.  Cultivate  a  simple  style  of  speaking,  so  as  to  be  able  to  inject 
the  strongest  thought  into  the  weakest  capacity.  You  will  never 
be  a  good  jury  lawyer  without  this  faculty. 

9.  Never  attempt  to  be  grand  and  magnificent  before  common 
tribunals ; — and   the   most  you  will  address  are   common.     The 

neglect  of  this  principle  of  common  sense  has  ruined with 

all  men  of  sense. 

10.  Keep  your  Latin  and  Greek,  and  science  to  yourself,  and  to 
that  very  small  circle  which  they  may  suit.  The  mean  and  envious 
world  will  never  forgive  you  your  knowledge,  if  you  make  it  too 
public.  It  will  require  the  most  unceasing  urbanity  and  habitual 
gentleness  of  manners,  almost  to  humility,  to  make  your  superior 
attainments  tolerable  to  your  associates. 

11.  Enter  with  warmth  and  kindness  into  the  interesting  con- 
cerns of  others — whether  you  care  much  for  them  or  not ; — not 
with  the  condescension  of  a  superior,  but  with  the  tenderness  and 
simplicity  of  an  equal.     It  is  this  benevolent  trait  which  makes 

and such  universal  favorites — and,  more  than  any  thing 

else,  has  smoothed  my  own  path  of  life,  and  strewed  it  with 
flowers. 

12.  Be  never  flurried  in  speaking,  but  learn  to  assume  the  ex- 
terior of  composure  and  self-collectedness,  whatever  riot  and  con- 
fusion may  be  within ;  speak  slowly,  firmly,  distinctly,  and  mark 
your  periods  by  proper  pauses,  and  a  steady  significant  look : — 
"  Trick  !"     True, — but  a  good  trick,  and  a  sensible  trick. 

You  talk  of  complimenting  your  adversaries.  Take  care  of 
your  manner  of  doing  this.  Let  it  be  humble  and  sincere,  and 
not  as  if  you  thought  it  was  in  your  power  to  give  them  impor- 
tance by  your  fiat.  You  see  how  natural  it  is  for  old  men  to 
preach,  and  how  much  easier  to  preach  than  to  practice.  Yet 
you  must  not  slight  my  sermons,  for  I  wish  you  to  be  much  greater 
than  I  ever  was  or  can  hope  to  be.  Our  friend  Carr  will  tell  you 
that  my  maxims  are  all  sound.  Practise  them,  and  I  will  warrant 
your  success.  You  have  more  science  and  literature  than  I ; — but 
I  know  a  good  deal  more  of  the  world  and  of  life,  and  it  will  be 


396  JUDGE    CARR'S   SUCCESS.  [1815-1S16. 

much  cheaper  for  you  to  profit  by  my  experience  and  miscarriages 
than  by  your  own.  Nothing  is  so  apt  to  tincture  the  manners 
of  a  young  man  with  hauteur,  and  with  a  cold  and  disdainful 
indifference  towards  others,  as  conscious  superiority ;  and  nothing 
is  so  fatal  to  his  progress  through  life,  as  such  a  tincture :  witness 

.     My  friend himself,  is  not  without  some  ill  effect  from 

it ;  and  since  you  must  feel  this  superiority,  I  cannot  be  without 
fear  of  its  usual  effects. 

You  must  not  suppose  because  I  give  you  precepts  on  particular 
subjects,  that  I  have  observed  you  deficient  in  these  respects ;  on 
he  contrary,  it  is  only  by  way  of  prevention ;  and  whether  my 
precepts  are  necessary  to  you  or  not,  you  are  too  well  assured  of 
my  affection,  to  take  them  otherwise  than  in  good  part.  Fare- 
well— my  letters  shall  not  all  be  lectures. 

Yours  affectionately, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

to  judge  carr. 

Richmond^  January  12,  1816. 

My  Ever  Dear  Friend  : 

#  *  *  *  *  #  *        , 

1  have,  indeed,  had  a  tough  spell  through  the  latter  part  of  the 
fall.  It  was  the  effect,  I  believe,  of  a  very  severe  cold  which  I 
feared,  at  one  time,  had  fallen  on  my  lungs,  from  the  ugly  and 
obstinate  cough  which  attended  it ;  and  there  were  times,  I  con- 
fess, when  the  apprehension  of  being  taken  from  my  family  just 
when  my  toils  and  plans  seemed  ripening  to  a  harvest  of  inde- 
pendence for  them,  depressed  me  rather  more  than  become  a  phi- 
losopher or  a  christian, — which,  however  much  I  wish,  I  fear  I 
shall  never  approach  nearer,  than  a  few  transient  aspirations. 

As  for  Patrick, — he  is  the  very  toughest  subject  that  I  ever 
coped  withal.  If  I  have  any  knack  at  all  in  writing,  it  is  in  copy- 
ing after  nature :  not  merely  in  drawing  known  characters,  but  in 
painting  the  images  in  my  own  mind,  and  the  feelings  of  my  heart. 
In  this  walk,  I  have  occasionally  succeeded  almost  to  my  own 
entire  satisfaction.  But  Patrick  was  altogether  terra  incognita  to 
me.    I  had  never  seen  him ;  and  the  portraits  of  him  which  had 


CHAP  XXII.]  THE    BIOGRAPHY.  397 

been  furnished  me  were  so  various  and  contradictory  as  to  seem 
to  confound  rather  than  inform  me.  Hence  I  have  never  been 
able  to  embody  him.  My  imagination  found  no  resting  place 
throughout  the  whole  work;  but  from  beginning  to  end,  fluttered 
like  Noah's  dove  over  a  dreary  waste  of  waters,  without  spying 
even  a  floating  leaf  of  olive,  much  less  of  laurel.  What  I  wrote 
without  satisfaction,  it  is  reasonable  to  conclude  will  be  read  in 
the  same  way.  Disappointed  myself,  I  am  very  certain  that  1 
shall  disappoint  others.  But  this  conclusion  has  now  become 
familiar  to  me,  and  the  pain  is  over.  You  are  wrong,  be  assured, 
my  dearest  friend,  in  supposing  that  this  work  will  redound  more 
to  my  fame  than  any  thing  I  have  ever  written.  It  is  not  every 
subject  on  which  a  man  can  succeed : — "  ex  quovis  ligno,''''  you 
know. — If  I  am  not  mistaken  this  subject  would  have  been 
found  impracticable  to  any  one;  that  is,  nothing  great  could  have 
been  made  of  it  in  narrative.  A  panegyric,  and  a  splendid  one, 
too,  of  a  dozen  pages  might  be  written  on  it,  but  the  detail  must 
be  trivial  if  the  incidents  be  truly  told.  In  truth,  I  hate  exces- 
sively to  be  trammelled  in  writing,  by  matter  of  fact.  Don't  be  so 
mischievous  as  to  mistake  me.  I  mean  that  my  habit  of  compo- 
sition has  always  been  to  draw  only  from  my  own  stores,  with 
my  fancy  and  my  heart  both  as  free  as  the  winds.  Reined  in  by 
the  necessity  of  detailing  stubborn  facts,  I  find  that  the  gaits  of 
my  Pegasus  are  all  to  be  formed  anew ;  for  he  trots,  prances  and 
gallops  altogether  in  the  same  period.  If  you  do  not  understand 
me  now,  you  must  wait  'till  I  can  borrow  an  exposition  from  Phi- 
losopher Ogilvie.  But  before  we  dismiss  Patrick  finally,  you 
will  find  in  the  Port  Folio  for  December,  an  extract  from  my  biog- 
raphy, furnished  at  the  desire  of  Hall,  the  editor,  and  you  will  see 
in  that  extract  what  has  been  thought  by  several,  who  have  read 
the  manuscript,  one  of  the  happiest  passages  if  not  the  happiest 
passage,  in  my  book,  from  which  you  will  judge  of  the  misera- 
bilitij  of  the  rest. 

No,  the  work  is  not  in  the  press.  It  shall  not  go  until  I  can 
get  leisure  to  file  ofl*  some  of  its  asperities.  I  wish  to  heaven,  you 
could  see  it ! — and  it  shall  go  hard,  but  you  shall,  before  it  passes 
to  the  press ;  for  I  am  in  no  hurry  to  be  damned. 

The  candid  and  sensible  reader  will,  indeed,  as  you  say,  allow 
for  the  subject ;  but  of  the  thousands  of  readers  on  whom  fame 
VOL.  1—34 


398  CONTENTMENT.  [1815—1816. 

depends,  how  many  are  there,  think  you,  who  are  sensihle  and 
candid  ?  how  many  will  there  be,  predisposed  to  dash  my  thimble- 
full  of  reputation  from  my  lips  ?  But  enough  of  this — for  if  I 
keep  prating  about  it,  I  shall  confirm  you  in  the  conjecture  that  it 
is  preying  on  my  spirits.  I  give  you  my  word  that  I  have  not 
said  or  thought  so  much  about  it  for  two  months,  as  I  have  since  I 
began  to  scribble  this  letter. 

******* 

I  am  now,  sir,  in  full  and  high  health;  not  quite  indeed  so 
brimful  of  expectation  as  I  was  when  you  first  knew  me,  about 
twenty  years  ago,  but  still  with  a  reasonable  appetite  for  the  good 
things  of  the  world.  Disappointed  indeed,  as  to  some  of  my 
calculations  of  happiness,  yet  by  no  means  disposed  to  cry  out 
with  Solomon,  "  all  is  vanity  and  vexation  of  spirit."  If  Solomon 
had  had  such  a  wife  and  children  and  such  friends  as  I  have,  he 
would  have  changed  his  note.  His  exclamation  upon  the  vanity 
of  all  sublunary  things,  has  always  struck  me  rather  as  the  senti- 
ment of  a  cloyed  and  sated  debauchee,  than  that  of  a  contem- 
plative philosopher.  What  vanity  or  vexation  of  spirit  is  there 
in  the  temperate  indulgence  of  our  affections ;  in  the  love-beam 
that  plays  upon  me  from  the  eyes  of  my  wife ;  in  the  untutored 
caresses  of  my  beloved  children ;  in  these  tender  inquiries  from 
the  best  of  friends  which  lie  before  me ;  or  in  this  tear,  which 
the  consciousness  of  these  purest  of  earthly  possessions  calls  into 
my  eyes  .-*  If  on  subjects  of  this  sort  Solomon  was  wise,  let  me 
remain  a  fool.     What  say  you?    . 

******* 

My  wife  and  children  unite  with  me  in  love  to  your  fire-side. 

If  you  knew  what  heartfelt  pleasure  your  letters  afford  me, 
and  enjoy  the  leisure  which  I  hope  you  do,  you  would  write  to 
me  soon  and  often. 

May  God  bless  you  and  make  you  happy  ! 

Your  friend  in  life  and  in  death, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

About  this  time  George  Hay,  the  attorney  of  the  United  States 
for  the  Richmond  district,  resigned  his  post.  Amongst  several 
gentlemen  of  Virginia  whose  names  were  submitted  to  Mr.  Madi- 
son for  the  appointment  to  this  office,  was  that  of  one  who  sub- 


CHAP.  XXII.] 


MR.    UPSHUR.  399 


sequently  attained  to  high  distinction  in  the  public  councils,  and 
whose  death  acquired  a  most  painful  celebrity  by  its  association 
with  the  melancholy  accident  on  board  of  the  Princeton — Abel 
P.  Upshur.  He  had  studied  law  under  the  direction  of  Wirt, 
who  now  presented  hiin  to  the  President,  in  terms  suggested  by 
the  highest  appreciation  of  his  talents,  and  by  a  strong  personal 
friendship.  This  incident  is  only  worthy  of  notice  here,  so  far  as 
Mr.  Wirt's  letter,  on  the  occasion,  affords  us  an  insight  to  the 
abated  temper  of  partizan  feeling  which  had  already  begun  to  be 
manifested,  and  which  was  an  index  to  that  calm  and  appeased 
political  sentiment  which  prevailed  in  the  administration  of  public 
affairs  for  some  years  succeeding  this  event.  After  speaking  the 
language  of  the  warmest  praise  on  the  merits  of  his  friend,  he 
adds, — "  It  is  proper  for  me  to  state  that  he  is  a  Federalist," — but 
to  qualify  this  draw-back,  he  continues — "he  justified  the  late 
war   with   Great   Britain,  and  was   among  the   volunteers   who 

marched  to  York  Town  to  meet  the  enemy. 

*  *  "I  am  entirely  certain  that  no  differences 

of  political  sentiment  would  ever  swerve  him  from  his  duty,  or 
abate,  in  the  smallest  degree,  the  zeal  proper  for  its  discharge. 
How  far ^  in  the  present  condition  of  the  country^  his  political  creed 
ought  to  operate  as  a  bar  to  his  appoititment^  or  whether  its  tendency 
would  not  rather  be  to  soothe  the  exasperation  of  party,  and  promote 
that  coalescence  lohich  is  so  desirable  on  every  account,  and  of  which 
we  have  such  promising  omens,  it  is  not  for  me  to  decide.  I  submit 
the  proposition  with  great  deference,  and  rely  upon  your  usual 
indulgence  to  excuse  this  liberty." 

This  letter  to  Mr.  Madison  was  written  on  the  10th  of  March, 
1816.  The  writer  of  it  was  a  little  surprised  to  find,  by  a  letter 
from  Mr.  Madison  to  him,  dated  on  the  13th,  that  the  subject 
had  been  already  settled  by  the  selection  of  himself  for  the  ap- 
pointment. It  was  an  event  altogether  unlooked  for,  and  equally 
undesired.  Coming  upon  him  in  this  unexpected  way,  and  with 
expressions  of  the  kindest  personal  interest  from  the  President, 
the  appointment  somewhat  embarrassed  him ;  but,  after  delibe- 
rating, he  thought  it  his  duty  to  accept  it. 

In  communicating  this  determination  to  the  President,  he  says,  in 
a  letter  of  the  23d  of  March, — "I  beg  you  to  believe  me  unaffect- 
edly sincere  in  declaring  that  there  is  nothing  in  the  office  which 


400  WIRT    APPOINTED    DISTRICT    ATTORNEY.       [1815—1816. 


excites  any  solicitude,  on  my  part,  to  po.ssess  it ;  and  that  I  feel 
myself  much  more  highly  honored  by  the  terms  in  which  you 
were  so  good  as  to  make  the  inquiry,  than  I  should  by  the  pos- 
session of  the  office  itself.  So  far  am  I,  indeed,  from  being  soli- 
citous to  possess  it,  that  I  assure  you,  with  the  frankness  which  I 
hope  our  long  acquaintance  warrants,  your  bestowing  it  on  any 
one  of  the  many  gentlemen  of  my  profession  in  this  State  who  are, 
at  least,  equally  entitled  to  it,  and  stand,  perhaps,  in  greater  need 
of  it,  wmU  not,  in  the  smallest  degree,  mortify  me  nor  diminish 
the  respect  and  affection  with  which  I  am  and  ever  have  been  your 
friend." 

It  was  but  a  few  weeks  before  the  date  of  these  letters,  that 
Wirt  had  argued  his  cause  in  the  Supreme  Court,  and  had 
"  broken  a   lance  with   Pinkney," — as  he  himself  described   it. 

These  two  gentlemen  had  here  commenced  an  acquaintance, 
vk^hich  was  afterwards  illustrated  by  many  passages  of  dialectic 
and  forensic  skill  in  a  course  of  eager  competition  and  constant 
association  in  the  same  forum.  No  one  was  more  prompt  to  do 
justice  to  Pinkney's  extraordinary  abilities,  after  the  best  oppor- 
tunities to  observe  them,  than  Wirt.  His  mature  opinion  of  the 
powers  of  his  great  competitor  was  freely  expressed  and  well 
known  in  the  circle  in  which  they  both  moved.  But  Wirt's  first 
impressions  of  him,  derived  from  this  trial,  are  singularly  variant 
from  those  which  a  more  intimate  acquaintance  afterwards  gave 
him.  We  have  a  letter  to  Gilmer,  soon  after  this  first  encounter, 
which  presents  a  picture  of  Pinkney,  far  from  flattering.  Pinkney 
was,  at  that  time,  in  the  zenith  of  his  fame.  He  was  the  chief 
object  of  interest  in  the  Supreme  Court,  and  the  most  prominent 
subject  of  popular  criticism.  No  man  ever  drew  forth  a  larger 
share  of  mingled  applause  and  censure,  or  was  visited  with  more 
exaggerated  extremes  of  opinion.  While  one  class  of  observers 
saw  in  his  oratory  nothing  short  of  the  most  perfect  of  forensic 
accomplishment ;  another  could  scarcely  find  merit  enough  in  his 
best  endeavors  to  rescue  them  from  the  utter  condemnation  to 
which  they  alleged  his  dogmatism,  false  taste  and  frigid  affecta- 
tions entitled  them.  Impartial  and  judicious  estimate  of  his  power 
and  acquirements  seems  rarely  to  have  been  accorded  to  him. 

We  may  ascribe  these  conflicting  judgments  to  some  peculiar- 
ities in  Pinkney's  character  and  position.     At  the  bar,  his  port 


CHAP.  XXII.] 


WILLIAM    PINKNEY.  401 


towards  those  who  occupied  the  most  eminent  station  was  antago- 
nistical  and  defiant.     He  waged  Avith  all  such  an  unceasing  war 
for  supremacy.     He  gave  no  ground  himself  and  asked  no  favors. 
His  courtesy  in  this  arena  was  a  mere  formula,  and  rather  sug- 
gested   conflict    than   avoided    it.      His    manner  was   alert  and 
guarded,  his  brow  severe,  his  civilities  short  and  measured,  like 
a  swordsman  in  the  theatre  when  the  "noble  art  of  defence" 
drew   crowds  together  to  witness  the  trials  of  skill.     All  this 
portion   of  the   bar,  constituting  a  most   intelligent  and   critical 
auditory,  were  the  fastidious  and  unsparing  witnesses  of  his  fame, 
and  often  spoke  of  him,  in  no  mitigated  terms  of  exception  to 
whatever  defect  of  taste  or  judgment  they  were  able  to  detect. 
Opposed  to  these  were  the  younger  members  of  the  profession, 
not  yet  within  the  pale  of  rivalry,  to  whom  Pinkney  was  habitu- 
ally courteous  and  kind.     It  seemed  to  be  a  cherished  object  of 
his  to  win  the  good  will  of  this  class  of  his  professional  associates. 
He  was  to  them  the  pleasant  companion,  full  of  condescensions  and 
small  civilities.     He  noticed  their  progress,  praised  their  efforts, 
instructed,  encouraged  them,  and   almost  invariably  enlisted  them 
in  the  support  of  his  own  renown.     He  was  an  eager  sportsman 
in  the  field,  untiring  in  a  day's  work  with  his  gun;  an  excellent 
shot,  and  studiously  learned  in  all  the  technicals  of  this  craft. 
This  gave  him  acceptance  and  favor  amongst  another  circle.     He 
was  profuse  and  splendid  in  his  mode  of  living,  utterly  careless  of 
expense,  munificent  and  ostentatious.     He  was  popular  as  a  politi- 
cal champion,  and  rendered  good  service  to  his  cause  in  some  noted 
contests  in  Maryland,  in  which  he  was  accustomed  to  meet  the  most 
elTective  champions  of  a  party  distinguished  for  its  talents  and  in- 
telligence.    He  had  acquired  a  high  standing  in  the  country  for  his 
diplomatic  service  which  had  elevated  him,  in  public  opinion,  both 
at  home  and  abroad.     He  had  served  with  conspicuous  success 
as  the  Attorney  General  of  the  United  States,  in  the  administration 
of  Mr.  Madison.     He  was  a  zealous  and  ardent  supporter  of  the 
war ;  had  taken  a  commission  from  the  Executive  of  Maryland, 
and  commanded  a  rifle  battalion  at  the  time  of  the  invasion  of  the 
capital,  and  shared  in  the  disaster  at  Bladensburg,  where  he  was 
wounded  in  the  fight.     All  these  circumstances  combined  to  draw 
upon  him  a  large  portion  of  public  observation,  and  to  attract,  on 
one  side,  as  much  exaggerated  praise,  as,  on  another,  to  expose  hini 
VOL.  1—34* 


402  WILLIAM    PINKNEY.  [1815— 1S16. 

to  the  virulence  of  partizan  antipathy  or  to  the  invidious  reflection 
of  personal  rivalry  and  dislike. 

Pinkney's  first  accost  raised  an  unfavorable  prepossession  in 
Wirt's  mind  against  him,  as  will  be  seen  in  the  following  letter, 
from  which  I  make  some  extracts, — premising,  what  I  have  already 
hinted  to  the  reader,  that  these  opinions  were  greatly  modified 
when  the  writer  of  this  letter  had  more  full  opportunity  to  witness 
and  appreciate  the  power  of  his  opponent.  We  may  regard  the 
present  comments  as  expressing  the  disappointment  of  one  who 
had  formed  his  judgment  of  oratory  in  an  entirely  different  school 
from  that  of  which  he  was  now  furnished  a  specimen.  Nothing 
could  be  more  diverse  than  the  distinctive  characters  of  the  elo- 
quence of  Pinkney  and  Wirt.  The  slow  consent  of  one  to  admit 
the  eminent  claim  of  the  other,  was  but  a  natural  reluctance  of 
opinion. 


TO    FRANCIS    W.    GILMER. 

Richmond,  April  1,  1816. 
My  Dear  Francis  : 

"  I  wish  I  had  been  trained  to  industry  and  method  in  the  count- 
ing-room of  a  Scotch  merchant  from  the  age  of  twelve,  and 
whipped  out  of  those  lazy  and  sauntering  habits  which  fastened 
upon  me  about  that  age,  and  have  held  "  the  fee  simple  of  the 
bark  "  ever  since.     Your  truly  great  man  does  more  business,  and 
has  more  leisure  and  more  peace  of  conscience  and  more  positive 
happiness  than    any  forty  of   your  mediocre   persons.      This  is 
humiliating  to  me,  and  I  don't  like  to  think  of  it.     But,  do  yoa 
profit  by  it,  and  habituate  yourself  to  the  practice  of  Mr.  Jeffer- 
son's system.  *  *  Make  the  axle  glow  with  the 
ardor  of  your  exercise,  and  the  anvil  ring  with  the  vigor  of  your 
preparation.    Teach  these  boys, — as  Pinkney  said  he  would  do, — 
'  a  new  style  of  speaking.'     But  let  it  be  a  better  one  than  his ; 
I  mean  his  solemn  style,  to  which,  in  Irish  phrase,  I  give  the  back 
of  my  hand.     If  that  be  a  good  style,  then  all  the  models  both 
ancient  and  modern,  which  we  have  been  accustomed  to  contem- 
plate as  truly  great, — such  as  Crassus,  Anthony,  Cicero,  the  pro- 
locutors of  the  Dialogue  '  De  Causis  corruptae  eloquentiae,'  Chat- 


CHAP.  XXII.]         WIRT'S    FIRST    ESTIMATE    OF    HIM.  403 

ham,  Henry,  and  others, — not  forgetting  '  Paul  Jones  and  old 
Charon,' — are  all  pretenders.  I  know  that  this  is  not  your  opinion. 
But  I  was  near  him  five  or  six  weeks  and  watched  him  narrowly. 
He  has  nothing  of  the  rapid  and  unerring  analysis  of  Marshall, — 
but  he  has,  in  lieu  of  it,  a  dogmatizing  absoluteness  of  manner 
which  passes  with  the  million, — which,  by-the-bye,  includes  many 
more  than  we  should  at  first  suspect, — for  an  evidence  of  power ; 
and  he  has  acquired  with  those  around  him  a  sort  of  papal 
infallibility.  That  manner  is  a  piece  of  acting :  it  is  artificial,  as 
you  may  see  by  the  wandering  of  his  eye,  and  is  as  far  removed 
from  the  composed  confidence  of  enlightened  certainty,  as  it  is 
from  natural  modesty.  Socrates  confessed  that  all  the  knowledge 
he  had  been  able  to  acquire  seemed  only  to  convince  him  that  he 
knew  nothing.  This  frankness  is  one  of  the  most  characteristic 
traits  of  a  great  mind.     Pinkney  would  make  you  believe  that  he 

knows  every  thing. 

" At  the  bar  he  is  despotic  and  cares  as  little  for  his  col- 
leagues or  adversaries  as  if  they  were  men  of  wood.  He  has  cer- 
tainly much  the  advantage  of  any  of  them  in  forensic  show.  Give 
him  time — and  he  requires  not  much — and  he  will  deliver  a  speech 
which  any  man  might  be  proud  to  claim.  You  will  have  good 
materials,  very  well  put  together,  and  clothed  in  a  costume  as 
magnificent  as  that  of  Louis  XIV.;  but  you  will  have  a  vast  quan- 
tity of  false  fire,  besides  a  vehemence  of  intonation  for  which  you 
see  nothing  to  account  in  the  character  of  the  thought.  His  argu- 
ments, when  I  heard  him,  were  such  as  would  have  occurred  to 
any  good  mind  of  the  profession.  It  was  his  mode  of  introducing, 
dressing  and  incorporating  them,  which  constituted  their  chief 
value — '  materiem  superabit  opus.'  *         *         *         *         j^ 

the  cause  in  which  we  were  engaged  against  each  other,  there 
never  was  a  case  more  hopeless  of  eloquence  since  the  world 
began.  It  was  a  mere  question  between  the  representatives  of  a 
dead  collector  and  a  living  one,  as  to  the  distribution  of  the  penalty 
of  an  embargo  bond : — whether  the  representatives  of  the  de- 
ceased collector,  who  had  performed  all  the  duties  and  recovered  the 
judgment,  or  the  living  collector,  who  came  in  about  the  time  the 
money  was  paid  by  the  defendant  into  court,  and  had,  therefore, 
done  none  of  the  duties,  was  entitled  to  the  award.  I  was  for  the 
representatives  of  the  deceased  collector — Pinkney  for  the  living 


404  SELF-CRITICISM.  [1815-1816. 

one.  You  perceive  that  his  client  was  a  mere  harpy,  who  had  no 
merits  whatever  to  plead.  There  were  ladies  present — and  Pink- 
ney  was  expected  to  be  eloquent  at  all  events.  So,  the  mode  he 
adopted  was  to  get  into  his  tragical  tone  in  discussing  the  con- 
struction of  an  act  of  Congress.  Closing  his  speech  in  this  solemn 
tone,  he  took  his  seat,  saying  to  me,  with  a  smile — '  that  will  do 
for  the  ladies.'         *  *  *  *         jjg  jg  certainly  not  of 

the  olden  school." 

As  a  counterpart  to  this,  we  have  a  criticism  of  himself  in  the 
same  cause,  in  a  letter  to  Carr  ;  with  some  comment,  besides,  on 
his  dramatic  experiment,  in  regard  to  which  his  friend  had  shown 
himself  a  rather  partial  judge. 

TO    JUDGE   CARR. 

Richmond,  April  1 ,  1816. 
And  can  you,  my  beloved  friend,  who  have  known  the  very 
bottom  and  core  of  my  heart  so  long  and  so  intimately, — who  have 
had  a  home  in  that  heart  for  twenty  years,  suspect  for  one  mo- 
ment, any  decay  of  my  affection  for  you .''  No  !  I  cannot  believe 
it  possible.  Indeed  the  very  tone  of  this  letter,  which  I  have 
just  received  from  you,  assures  me  of  the  reverse,  notwithstanding 
some  half  insinuations  to  the  contrary.  The  truth  is,  if  I  had 
been  satisfied  with  my  own  figure  at  Washington,  you  would  have 
heard  from  me  on  the  spot;  but  I  was  most  dissatisfied.  And  good 
reason  I  had  to  be  so — for  it  was  a  mean  and  sneaking  figure 
I  made  in  that  cause; — and  your  friends  either  deceive  you 
from  kindness,  or  have  been  deceived  themselves.  I  was  never 
more  displeased  with  any  speech  I  have  made  since  I  com- 
menced practice.  Having  once  argued  the  cause  here,  to  my 
satisfaction,  I  relied  upon  my  notes  for  recalling  every  topic  to 
my  mind ;  and  this  the  more  especially,  as  the  Court  of  Appeals 
held  me  under  the  lash  to  the  very  moment  of  my  departure.  But 
behold,  when  I  was  about  to  set  out,  my  notes  were  nowhere  to 
be  found.  My  only  hope  then  was  that  I  should  be  able  to  recall 
the  arguments  by  meditation  in  the  stage ;  and  I  determined  to  be 
very  sour,  sulky  and  silent  to  my  fellow  passengers,  that  I  might 
abstract  myself  from  them  and  have  an  opportunity  of  study ;  but 


CHAP.  XXII.]  HIS    ENCOUNTER    WITH    PINKNEY.  405 


this  you  know  is  not  in  nny  nature — and  so  I  reached  Alexandria 
without  one  idea  upon  the  subject.     My  consolation  then  was  that 
I  should  have  one  day  in  Wasiiington  before  the  cause  came  on, — 
and  to  effect  this,  I  left  Alexandria  when  the  stage  arrived,  at 
about  ten  o'clock  on  Tuesday  night,  and  went  on  to  Washington 
that  night.     I  got  to  McQueen's  about  eleven.     In  two  minutes 
after,  Doctor  F.  came  in,  so  delighted  to  see  me  that  I  could  not 
find  it  in  my  heart  to  resist  his  earnest  desire  that  I  would  sit  with 
him  and  have  a  talk,  because  he  had  much  to  say  to  me  of  deep 
import  to  himself  and  had  been  longing  for  my  arrival  that  he  might 
unbosom  himself  to  me.     He  thus  kept  me  up  till  two  o'clock. 
Immediately  after  breakfast  I  retired  to  my  room,  borrowed 
the   acts  of  Congress,  on    which  my  cause  arose,  and  had  just 
seated  myself  to  study,  when  several  of  my  warm-hearted  friends 
rushed  into  my  room  and  held  me  engaged  'till  court  hour.     So  it 
was   again  in  the  evening;   and  so,  on   Thursday  morning.     In 
this  hopeless  situation  I  went  to  court  to  try  the  tug  of  war  with 
the  renowned  Pinkney.     When  I  thought  of  my  situation, — of  the 
theatre  on  which  I  was  now  to  appear  for  the  first  time, — the  ex- 
pectation which  I  was  told  was  excited,  and  saw  the  assembled 
multitude  of  ladies  and  gentlemen  from  every  quarter  of  the  Union, 
you  may  guess  my  feelings.     Had  I  been  prepared,  how  should  1 
have  gloried  in  that  theatre,  that  concourse,  and  that  adversary  ! 
As  it  was,  my  dear  wife  and  children,  and  your  features,  look,  and 
sympathetic  voice  and  friendly  inquietude,  came  over  me  like  evil 
spirits.     To  be  sure,  these  considerations  gave  me  a  sort  of  des- 
perate, ferocious,  bandit-like  resolution  :  but  what  is  mere  brute 
resolution  with  a  totally  denuded  intellect .'     I  gave,  indeed,  some 
hits  which  produced  a  visible  and  animating  effect ;  but  my  courage 
sank,  and  I  suppose  my  manner  fell  under  the  conscious  imbecility 
of  my  argument.      I  was   comforted,   however,   by   finding  that 
Pinkney  mended  the  matter  very  little,  if  at  all. 

Had  the  cause  been  to  argue  over  again  on  the  next  day,  I  could 
have  shivered  him  ;  for  his  discussion  revived  all  my  forgotten 
topics,  and,  as  I  lay  in  my  bed  on  the  following  morning,  argu- 
ments poured  themselves  out  before  me  as  from  a  cornucopia. 
I  should  have  wept  at  the  consideration  of  what  I  had  lost,  if  I 
had  not  prevented  it  by  leaping  out  of  bed  and  beginning  to  sing 


406        DESIRES  TO  PRACTISE  IN  SUPREME  COURT.      [1S15— 1816. 

and  dance  like  a  maniac, — lo  the  great  diversion  of  F.,  who  little 
suspected  what  was  passing  in  my  mind. 

This  is  all  true.    I  know  you  will  abuse  me  for  it,  but  it  is  true 
still ;  and  I  had  rather  be  abused  than  to  deceive  you. 

I  must  somehow  or  other  contrive  to  get  another  cause  in  that 
court,  that  I  may  shew  them  I  can  do  better.  I  should  like  to  prac- 
tise there.  For  although  you  say,  you  believe  I  do  not  know  my 
own  strength,  you  will  change  that  opinion  when  I  tell  you  I  am 
not  afraid  of  any  man  on  that  arena, — not  even  of  the  Chevalier 
Pinkne}',  whom  I  would  at  any  time  rather  encounter  than  Taze- 
well. Pinkney  has,  for  the  while,  debauched  the  public  taste  by 
a  false  manner,  just  as  Quin  and  his  coadjutors  of  the  old  stage 
did,  according  to  Cumberland's  account.  The  misfortune  is  that 
there  is  no  Garrick  at  Washington  to  raise  the  standard  of  nature. 
As  to  myself,  I  know  that  I  have  no  pretensions  to  oratory.  My 
manner,  never  carefully  formed,  has  become  too  unalterably  fixed 
to  be  improved  at  my  time  of  life.  Besides,  I  have  not  the  off-hand 
lertility  of  thought,  the  prompt  fecundity  of  invention,  and  the  ex- 
temporaneous bloom  of  imagination,  which  are  all  essential  to  the 
orator.  But  I  say  again  that,  with  full  preparation,  I  should  not 
be  afraid  of  a  comparison  with  Pinkney,  at  any  point,  before 
genuine  judges  of  correct  debate.  Now  think  me  over  modest,  if 
you  can. 

I  regret  extremely  that  the  time  of  session  of  our  Court  of  Ap- 
peals disables  me  from  attending  the  Supreme  Court :  but  if  our 
Court  adopt  a  plan  which  they  talk  of, — that  is  of  having  a  summer 
and  fall  session, — I  will  try  my  luck  at  Washington  as  soon  as  I 
can  get  a  cause  or  two,  by  way  of  commencement.  So  much  for 
this  great  afi'air.  ***** 

I  protest  against  your  measuring  me  by  the  standard  of  Sher- 
idan. Pie  was  a  diamond  wit,  not  only  of  the  first  water,  but  of 
the  highest  polish.  He  had  the  advantage  of  a  constant  attend- 
ance at  the  first  theatre  in  Europe,  where  he  saw  the  public  taste 
tried  by  every  variety  of  application.  Compared  with  his,  my 
opportunities  are  those  of  a  back-woods'  bear-hunter  measured 
with  those  of  the  courtly  Wickham.  I  am  about  as  fit  to  rival 
Sheridan  as  a  bat  a  towering  eagle.  I  foresaw,  from  your  frequent 
mention  of  Sheridan,  what  your  mind  was  running  on.  If  you  have 
looked  for  his  invention  of  comic  incidents,  his  percussion  and 


CHAP.  XXII.]  LETTER    TO    MR.    JEFFERSON.  407 

re-percussion  of  sprightly  and  brilliant  dialogues,  his  delicate  and 
varied  tints  of  wit  and  humor,  his  splendid  flashes  of  fancy,  you 
have  been  unreasonable,  and  are  therefore  justly  punished  by 
disappointment. 

******* 
1  need  not  tell  you  how  sincerely  I  rejoice  in  the  brilliancy  of 
Frank's  debut.  The  plainness  of  his  manner,  in  particular, 
charms  me.  I  was  a  little  afraid  he  would  be  too  fond  of  the 
pomp  of  expression,  though  I  never  doubted  that  experience  and 
his  own  sound  judgment  would  correct  the  error.  That  he  should 
have  gone  off  right,  is,  therefore,  so  much  the  more  pleasing. 
He  is  a  fine  fellow,  and  born,  I  hope  to  redeem  the  eloquence  of 
the  State.  **#*** 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

The  biography  was  now  approaching  its  completion.  The  author 
was  manifestly  disheartened  by  his  work.  His  letters  to  his  inti- 
mate friends  are  full  of  distrust  upon  the  merits  of  his  performance. 
He  seems  to  have  indulged  this  sentiment  so  far  as  almost  to  medi- 
tate the  abandonment  of  the  publication  of  the  book.  The  coun- 
sel of  Mr.  Jefferson  and  others,  cheered  him,  revived  his  confi- 
dence, and  finally  settled  the  point  of  committing  the  volume  to 
the  public. 

The  following  letters  upon  this  subject,  furnish  some  curious 
passages  in  literary  history. 

TO    THOMAS    JEFFERSON. 

Richmond,  Aug-ust  24,  1816. 
Dear  Sir  : 

I  accept,  with  gratitude,  the  terms  on  which  you  are  willing  to 
remark  on  my  manuscript;  and  send,  herewith,  three  sections, 
ninety-one  pages. 

There  will  be  an  advertisement  prefixed  to  it,  stating  the 
authorities  on  which  the  narrative  is  founded,  and  appealing  to 
the  candor  and  indulgence  of  the  public  on  account  of  the 
peculiar  disadvantages  under  which  the  work  has  been  written. 


408  DISSATISFIED    WITH   THE   BIOGRAPHY.       [IS15— 1816. 

This,  I  confess,  is  a  kind  of  beggarly  business  which  I  abhor 
very  much ;  but  I  can  still  less  bear  to  have  it  believed  that  the 
work  is  the  offspring  of  profound  leisure,  and  a  mind  at  ease ; 
when  the  truth  is  that  no  one  sheet  of  it,  scarcely,  has  been  writ- 
ten without  half  a  dozen  professional  interruptions,  which  have 
routed  my  ideas  as  completely,  each  time,  as  Don  Quixote's 
charge  did  the  flock  of  sheep.  I  make  no  doubt  you  will  perceive 
the  chasms  caused  by  these  interruptions,  and  the  incoherence,  as 
well  as  crudeness,  of  the  whole  mass. 

When  I  was  engaging  with  Webster,  last  summer,  with  respect 
to  the  publication,  I  refused  expressly  to  bind  myself  to  furnish  it 
at  any  particular  period, — foreseeing  the  extreme  uncertamty  as  to 
the  time  of  its  completion,  from  the  interference  of  professional 
duties,  and  wishing  to  reserve  to  myself,  also,  full  leisure,  to 
revise,  correct,  and  retrench  at  pleasure.  But  he  has  made  such 
an  appeal  to  my  humanity,  on  account  of  the  expensiveness  of  the 
materials  which  he  has  laid  in  for  the  publication,  and  his  inability 
to  remain  longer  without  some  reimbursement,  that  I  am  much 
disposed  to  let  the  work  go,  in  its  present  general  form,  if  you 
think  it  can  be  done  without  too  much  sacrifice. 

What  I  mean  is,  that  I  think  the  whole  work  might  be  recast 
to  advantage.  But  then,  it  must  be  written  wholly  anew,  Avhich 
would  ill  suit  Webster's  alleged  situation :  my  disposition,  there- 
fore, is  to  let  the  form  of  the  work  remain,  connecting  the  com- 
position, statements,  &c.,  where  it  shall  be  suggested  and  thought 
proper. 

If  you  think  the  publication  of  the  work,  will  do  me  an  injury 
with  the  public,  I  beg  you  to  tell  me  so,  without  any  fear  of 
wounding  my  feelings.  I  am  so  far  from  being  in  love  with  it 
myself,  that  I  should  be  glad  of  a  decent  retreat  from  the  under- 
taking. I  confide  implicitly  in  your  frankness  and  friendship, — 
and  beg  you  to  believe  me,  dear  sir,  with  the  greatest  respect 
and  affection, 

Your  friend  and  servant, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CHAP.  XXII.]      CORRESPONDENCE    WITH    MR.    JEFERSON.        409 

THOMAS    JEFFERSON    TO    WILLIAM    WIRT. 

MoNTiCELLOj  September  4,  1816. 
Dear  Sir: 

I  have  read,  with  great  delight,  the  portion  of  the  history  of 
Mr.  Henry  which  you  have  been  so  kind  as  to  favor  me  with,  and 
which  is  now  returned.  And  I  can  say,  from  my  own  knowledge 
of  the  contemporary  characters  introduced  into  the  canvass,  that 
you  have  given  them  quite  as  much  lustre  as  themselves  would 
have  asked.  The  exactness,  too,  of  your  details,  has  in  several  in- 
stances corrected  the  errors  in  my  own  recollections,  where  they 
had  begun  to  falter. 

In  result,  I  scarcely  find  anything  needing  revisal ;  yet,  to  show 
you  that  I  have  scrupulously  sought  occasions  of  animadversion,  I 
will  particularize  the  following  passages,  which  I  noted  as  I  read 
them. 

Page  11:  I  think  this  passage  had  better  be  moderated.  That 
Mr.  Henry  read  Livy  through  once  a  year  is  a  known  impossi- 
bility with  those  who  knew  him.  He  may  have  read  him  once, 
and  some  general  history  of  Greece ;  but  certainly  not  twice.  A 
first  reading  of  a  book  he  could  accomplish  sometimes  and  on 
some  subjects,  but  never  a  second.  He  knew  well  the  geography 
of  his  own  country,  but  certainly  never  made  any  other  his  study. 
So,  as  to  our  ancient  charters ;  he  had  probably  read  those  in 
Stith's  history  ;  but  no  man  ever  more  undervalued  chartered 
titles  than  himself  He  drew  all  natural  rights  from  a  purer 
source — the  feelings  of  his  own  breast.         *         #         #         # 

He  never,  in  conversation  or  debate,  mentioned  a  hero,  a 
worthy,  or  a  fact  in  Greek  or  Roman  history,  but  so  vaguely  and 
loosely  as  to  leave  room  to  back  out,  if  he  found  he  had  blundered. 

The  study  and  learning  ascribed  to  him,  in  this  passage,  would 
be  inconsistent  with  the  excellent  and  just  picture  given  of  his 
indolence  through  the  rest  of  the  work. 

Page  33,  line  4 :  Inquire  further  into  the  fact  alleged  that 
Henry  was  counsel  for  Littlepage.  I  am  much  persuaded  he  was 
counsel  for  Dandridge.  There  was  great  personal  antipathy  be- 
tween him  and  Littlepage,  and  the  closest  intimacy  with  Dand- 
ridge, who  was  his  near  neighbor,  in  whose  house  he  was  at  home 
VOL.  1 — 35 


410       CORRESPONDEN'CE    WITH   MR.    JEFFERSON.       [1S15-1S16. 

as  one  of  the  family,  who  was  his  earliest  and  greatest  admirer 
and  patron,  and  whose  daughter  became  afterwards  his  second 
wife. 

It  was  in  his  house  that,  during  a  course  of  Christmas  festivi- 
ties, I  first  became  acquainted  with  Mr.  Henry.  This,  it  is  true, 
is  but  presumptive  evidence,  and  may  be  over-ruled  by  direct 
proof.  But  I  am  confident  he  could  never  have  undertaken  any 
case  against  Dandridge ;  considering  the  union  of  their  bosoms,  it 
would  have  been  a  great  crime.* 

#  #  «  #  #  * 

Accept  the  assurance  of  my  constant  friendship  and  respect, 

Th.  Jefferson. 

In  a  reply  to  this  letter,  Wirt,  in  sending  Mr.  Jefferson  some 
additional  portions  of  the  book,  remarks: — 

"  I  can  tell  you  with  very  great  sincerity  that  you  have  removed 
a  mountain-load  of  despondency  from  my  mind,  by  the  assurance 
that  you  could  find  entertainment  in  these  sheets. 

******* 

"  I  entreat  you  not  to  spare  your  remarks  on  account  of  the 
defacement  of  the  manuscript.  I  had  rather  commence  it  de  novo 
than  lose  the  advantage  of  your  freest  criticisms.  If  you  think 
the  narrative  too  wire- drawn  or  the  style  too  turgid — points, 
about  which  I  have  myself  strong  fears — I  depend  on  your  friend- 
ship to  tell  me  so.  Much  better  will  it  be  to  learn  it  from  you,  in 
time  to  correct  it,  than  from  the  malignity  of  reviewers  when  it 
shall  be  too  late." 

Some  weeks  after  this  he  wrote  the  following: 


WILLIAM    WIRT  TO   THOMAS   JEFFERSON. 

Richmond,  October  23j  1816. 
Dear  Sir  : 

I  now  submit  to  you  the  last  sheets  of  my  sketches  of  Mr. 
Henry,  which  I  am  sorry  to  find  more  numerous  than  I  expected  ; 
and  I  pray  you  to  forgive  the  great  trouble  which  I  am  sincerely 
ashamed  of  having  imposed  on  you. 

*  There  were  other  corrections  of  minor  errors  suggested  in  this  letter  which  are 
omitted. 


CHAP.  XXII.]  ON   THE    BIOGRAPHY    OF  HENRY.  411 

Your  remarks  have  been  of  great  service  to  me,  not  only  by 
enabling  me  to  correct  mistakes  in  fact,  but  by  putting  me  on  a 
severe  inquisition  of  my  style,  which  I  am  perfectly  aware  is  too 
prone  to  exuberance. 

I  am  afraid  that  the  whole  plan  is  too  loose,  and  the  narrative 
too  diffuse.  Has  it  struck  you  in  this  light,  and  do  you  think  it 
would  gain,  in  point  of  animation  and  interest,  by  retrenchment 
and  compression  ? 

I  have  another  question  to  ask,  to  which  I  entreat  an  unreserved 
answer;  and  I  hope  you  think  too  well  of  my  understanding  to 
suppose  that  I  shall  be  hurt  by  the  answer,  whatever  it  may  be. 
Would  you,  as  a  friend,  advise  me  to  publish  this  book,  or  not? 
It  has  been  written  under  circumstances  so  extremely  disadvan- 
tageous, amid  such  perpetual  interruptions  arising  from  my  pro- 
fession— at  almost  every  step,  too,  invita  minerva, — and  I  peruse  it 
myself  with  so  little  satisfaction,  that  I  am  seriously  apprehensive 
it  may  make  shipwreck  of  what  little  reputation  I  possess  as  a 
writer. 

I  am  not  obliged  to  publish ;  and  I  shall  be  governed,  on  this 
head,  by  the  advice  of  my  friends,  who  must,  from  the  nature  of 
things,  be  much  better  qualified  to  judge  of  the  subject  than  I  am. 
They,  I  hope  and  believe,  think  too  justly  of  me  to  withhold 
the  expression  of  their  opinions  from  motives  of  delicacy. 

Your  repose  shall  never  be  endangered  by  any  act  of  mine,  if 
I  can  help  it.  Immediately  on  the  receipt  of  your  last  letter,  and 
before  the  manuscript  had  met  any  other  eye,  I  wrote  over  again 
the  whole  passage  relative  to  the  first  Congress,  omitting  the  marks 
of  quotation,  and  removing  your  name  altogether  from  the  com- 
munication. 

If  there  be  any  other  passage  for  which  I  have  quoted  you,  and 
which  you  think  may  provoke  the  strictures  of  malice  or  envy,  I 
beg  that  you  will  be  so  good  as  to  suggest  it.  I  am  conscious  of 
having  made  a  very  free  use  of  your  communications.  It  was 
natural  for  me  to  seek  to  give  this  value  to  my  work.  But  it 
would  be  most  painful  to  me  to  be,  in  any  manner,  instrumental  in 
subjecting  you  to  the  renewed  attacks  of  your  political  enemies. 
It  is  not  enough  for  me  that  you  despise  these  attacks :  I  have  no 
right,  much  less  have  I  the  disposition,  to  make  this  call  upon 
your  fortitude.     And,  besides,  the  shaft  which  cannot  reach  you, 


412  MR.    JEFFERSON'S    OPINION    OF    IT,  [1815-1S16. 

never  fails  to  wound  and  irritate  j^our  friends.  This  was  one  of 
the  leading  causes  which  made  me  anxious  to  submit  my  manu- 
script to  you  first. 

Quere. — Have  1  not  quoted  some  passages  from  you,  of  which 
the  descendants  of  our  landed  aristocracy  may  take  it  into  their 
heads  to  complain  ? 

This  did  not  occur  to  me  till  Mr.  William  H.  Cabell  (than 
whom  you  have  not  a  warmer  friend)  made  the  suggestion.  I 
have  great  dependence  on  his  judgment;  and  if  the  matter  occurs 
to  you  in  the  same  light,  I  will  send  up  again  the  sheets  which 
contain  those  quotations,  and  get  the  favor  of  you  to  alter  them  to 
your  own  taste. 

You  will  perceive  that  I  have  borne  very  lightly  on  the  errors 
of  Mr.  Henry's  declining  years.  He  did  us  much  good  in  his 
better  days;  and  no  evils  have  resulted  from  his  later  aberrations. 
Will  not  his  biographer,  then,  be  excusable  in  drawing  the  veil 
over  them,  and  holding  up  the  brighter  side  of  his  character,  only, 
to  imitation.'' 

Most  respectfully  and  affectionately. 

Your  friend  and  servant, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


THOMAS    JEFFERSON    TO    WILLIAM    WIRT. 

Poplar  Forest,  November  12,  1816. 
Dear  Sir: 

Yours  of  October  23d,  was  received  here  on  the  31st,  with  the 
last  sheets  of  your  work. 

They  found  me  engaged  in  a  business  which  could  not  be  post- 
poned, and  have  therefore  been  detained  longer  than  I  wished. 

On  the  subject  of  our  ancient  aristocracy,  I  believe  I  have  said 
nothing  which  all  who  knew  them  will  not  confirm,  and  which 
their  reasonable  descendants  may  not  learn  from  every  quarter. 
It  was  the  effect  of  the  large  accumulation  of  property  under  the 
law  of  entails. 

The  suppression  of  entails  reduced  the  spirit  of  the  rich,  while 
the  increased  influence  given  by  the  new  government  to  the  peo- 
ple, raised  theirs,  and  brought  things  to  their  present  level,  from  a 


CHAP.  XXII.J  RECOMMENDS    THE    PUBLICATION.  413 

condition  which  the  present  generation,  who  have  not  seen  it,  can 
scarcely  believe  or  conceive. 

You  ask  if  I  think  your  work  would  be  the  better  of  retrench- 
ment ?  By  no  means.  I  have  seen  nothing  in  it  which  could  be 
retrenched  but  to  disadvantage.  And  again,  whether,  as  a  friend, 
I  would  advise  its  publication .''  On  that  question,  I  have  no  hesi- 
tation— on  your  own  account,  as  well  as  that  of  the  public.  To 
the  latter,  it  will  be  valuable ;  and  honorable  to  yourself. 

You  must  expect  to  be  criticised  ;  and,  by  a  former  letter  I  see 
you  expect  it.  By  the  Quarterly  Reviewers  you  will  be  hacked 
and  hewed,  with  tomahawk  and  scalping  knife.  Those  of  Edin- 
burgh, with  the  same  anti-American  prejudices,  but  sometimes 
considering  us  as  allies  against  their  administration,  will  do  it  more 
decently. 

They  will  assume,  as  a  model  for  biography,  the  familiar  man- 
ner of  Plutarch,  or  scanty  matter  of  Nepos,  and  try  you,  perhaps, 
by  these  tests.  But  they  can  only  prove  that  your  style  is  dif- 
ferent from  theirs ;   not  that  it  is  not  good. 

I  have  always  very  much  despised  the  artificial  canons  of  criti- 
cism. When  I  have  read  a  work  in  prose  or  poetry,  or  seen  a 
painting,  a  statue,  etc.,  I  have  only  asked  myself  whether  it  gives 
me  pleasure,  whether  it  is  animating,  interesting,  attaching .''  If  it 
is,  it  is  good  for  these  reasons.  On  these  grounds  you  will  be 
safe.  Those  who  take  up  your  book,  will  find  they  cannot  lay  it 
down  ;   and  this  will  be  its  best  criticism. 

You  have  certainly  practised  vigorously  the  precept  of  "de  mor- 
tuis  nil  nisi  bonum."  This  presents  a  very  difficult  question, — 
whether  one  only  or  both  sides  of  the  medal  should  be  presented. 
It  constitutes,  perhaps,  the  distinction  between  panegyric  and 
history.  On  this,  opinions  are  much  divided — and,  perhaps,  may 
be  so  on  this  feature  of  your  work.  On  the  whole,  however,  you 
have  nothing  to  fear;  at  least  if  my  views  are  not  very  different 
from  the  common.  And  no  one  will  see  its  appearance  with  more 
pleasure  than  myself,  as  no  one  can,  with  more  truth,  give  you 
assurances  of  great  respect  and  affectionate  attachment. 

Th.  Jefferson. 


VOL.  1—35* 


414  LETTERS    TO    POPE   AND    MORRIS.  [1815—1816. 

I  close  this  chapter  with  two  letters,  in  part  referring  to  the 
biography.  The  first  is  to  Mr.  Pope ;  the  other  to  an  esteemed 
friend  in  Hanover  county,  whose  taste  and  accomplishments  ren- 
dered him  a  most  competent  critic  upon  the  subjects  to  which  it 
refers.  They  both  give  us  an  insight  into  the  author's  apprehen- 
sion of  the  perils  to  which  he  was  about  to  expose  himself  by  the 
publication  of  his  book. 


TO    WILLIAM    POPE. 

RicHMONUj  September  24,  1816. 
My  Dear  Friend: 

Although  over  my  head  in  business,  I  cannot  receive,  in  silence, 
your  afiectionate  letter  of  the  12th.  I  have  been  hitherto  very 
ungrateful, — in  appearance,  though  not  in  feeling  and  in  fact, — for 
those  effusions  of  friendship  with  which  you  have  honored  me  by 
mail ;  but  I  have  relied  on  your  indulgence  and  forgiveness,  know- 
ing as  you  do  how  my  head  is  kept  spinning  by  the  multiplicity 
and  variety  of  my  engagements ;  and  I  have  relied,  too,  on  your 
knowledge  of  the  true  state  of  my  sentiments  towards  you,  to 
prevent  any  unfriendly  conclusions  from  apparent  neglect.  For 
you  know  that  my  affections  can  never  neglect  you ;  you  know 
that  of  all  the  mortals  I  have  ever  encountered  in  this  pilgrimage, 
you  are  "  the  Israelite  without  guile,"  and  the  tenant  of  my  heart's 
core  ;  so  why  should  we  say  more  upon  this  subject  ? 

I  am  extremely  gratified  by  the  pleasure  you  express,  in  reading 
those  pages  of  my  manuscript.  I  am  dashing  on  and  hope  to  close 
my  toils  before  the  10th  of  next  month.  Many  a  weary  league 
have  I  travelled  with  old  Patrick.  I  wish  my  readers  may  be 
willing  to  travel  after  me  ;  for,  in  truth,  "  I  don't  think  it  clever, 
much ; "  and  if  they  are  only  half  as  much  fatigued  in  reading  as  I 
have  been  in  writing  it,  adieu  to  Lochaber ! — "  Othello's  occu- 
pation's gone  ! "  As  for  you  and  Bullock  and  Clarke,  (for  Clarke 
has  been  here,  too,  with  swimming  eyes,)  you  are  all  so  partial  to 
the  subject  and  the  writer,  that  there  is  no  forming  any  conclusions 
as  to  the  probable  opinion  of  the  world,  from  your  feelings.  "  In 
this  cold  world  of  ours,"  as  the  song  goes,  I  must  expect  a  very 
different  reception, — captious  criticism  and  a  predisposition  to 


CHAP.  XXII.]         LETTERS    TO    POPE   AND    MORRIS.  415 


find  fault.  But  the  die  will  soon  be  finally  cast,  and  we  shall 
know  our  fate  with  certainty.  As  to  J.  T.,  I  shall  do  my  duty, 
and  let  him  do  his  worst.  Patrick  shall  have  justice,  if  I  can  give 
it  to  him,  let  who  will  be  offended, — and  after  that,  "  the  hardest 
must  fend  off'." 

I  wish  I  could  accompany  you  to  see  the  two  generals  : — they 
are  both  favorites  with  me, — but  I  must  decline  all  visiting  for  this 
fall.  Business  first,  and  then  pleasure,  is  my  maxim.  And  this 
same  biography  has  encroaclied  so  much  on  my  professional 
duties,  that  1  shall  be  hard  put  to  it  to  bring  up  the  lee-way.  But 
as  to  our  trips  to  Norfolk  and  Washington,  I  shall  call  upon  you 
to  keep  your  promise  when  the  time  comes.  I  wish  I  may  not 
then  find  you  "  a  fairy  promiser  of  joy."  If  we  live  till  next  fall, 
and  all  is  well,  I  hope  we  shall  be  able  to  make  out  a  visit  to  our 
friend  Dabney  Carr  in  Winchester.  What  say  you  to  that? 
Think  of  the  grandeur  of  the  mountains,  and  the  fertility  of  the 
vallies,  and  the  transparency  of  the  limestone  water,  and  of  the 
pleasure  our  friends  there  will  have  in  seeing  us.  Dabney  and 
Frank  Gilmer,  Henry  Tucker's  long  chin,  and  Hugh  Holmes' 
wide  mouth,  not  forgetting  those  thick  lips  of  his,  employed  in 
singing  the  celebrated  old  English  ballad  of  "  The  pigs,"  &c. 
.  We  are  all  well,  except  our  infant,  who  has  been  very  sick, 
but  thank  Heaven,  is  now  nearly  restored.  My  wife  and  children 
unite  with  me  in  affectionate  compliments  to  Mrs.  P.,  Lucy  Ann, 
and  yourself;  and  I  am,  as  I  ever  have  been,  "  your  loving  friend 
till  death  us  do  part." 

Wm.  Wirt. 


WILLIAM    WIRT    TO    RICHARD    MORRIS,    ESQ. 

Richmond,  January  19,  1817. 
"  You  are  heartily  welcome,  brother  Shandy,  though  it  were 
twice  as  much: " — but  are  you  not  a  shabby  fellow,  to  return  the 
manuscript,  without  aiding  me  with  a  single  criticism  ^  If  I 
thought  you  considered  me  so  paltry  a  fellow  as  to  be  wounded 
by  the  strictures  of  my  friends,  I  should  renounce  you  extempore. 
I  will  not  permit  myself  to  suspect  this,  because  it  would  pain 


416  WIRT'S    OWN    VIEW    OF   HIS   BOOK.  [1S15— 1S16. 

me  much  if  one  who  knows  me  so  well  should  think  so  ill  both  of 
my  modesty  and  understanding. 

Sir,  had  you  appealed  to  my  friendship  in  a  like  case,  I  would 
have  given  it  to  you,  "  hip  and  thigh."  "  Your  book,"  I  would 
have  said,  sir, (if  I  had  thought  so)  "may  do  well  enough  in  Vir- 
ginia, where  the  subject  itself  has  interest  enough  to  keep  your 
chin  above  the  water :  but  in  other  states,  and  more  especially  in 
foreign  parts,  I  doubt  you  will  be  damned.  You  have  not  the 
style  of  narrative — your  manner  is  not  familiar  and  easy  enough — 
your  sentences  ricketty  and  stiff-jointed  ; — besides,  there  are  too 
frequent  efforts  to  give  importance  to  trifles.  You  will  pardon 
me,  but  your  book  abounds  with  many  striking  specimens  of  the 
false  sublime; — your  incidents  are  not  detailed  with  sufficient 
spirit; — they  are  frequently  encumbered  with  a  quantity  of 
trite  historical  lumber,  which  causes  the  narrative  to  drag,  and 
the  reader  to  yawn.  We  lose  sight  of  Henry  in  wading  through 
your  marshes.  The  speeches  that  you  give  as  his,  contradict 
your  own  pompous  descriptions  of  his  eloquence.  Upon  the 
whole,  I  must  confess  that  I  was  painfully  disappointed  in  your 
work ; — there  are  parts  of  it,  to  be  sure,  which  gratified  me, — but 
as  a  whole^  trust  me,  it  is  but  a  poor  thing — and  neither  calculated 
to  advance  the  fame  of  the  author  or  of  his  hero."  And  then, 
sir,  I  would  have  proceeded  to  give  specifications  of  these 
charges.  For  instance : — "  page  40,  paragraph  the  2d : — much  ado 
about  nothing — it  sounds  to  me  very  much  like  nonsense," — "  Page 
60 — paragraph  the  1st: — this  is  intended  for  pathos — the  Dutch 
pronounce  the  word  6athos,"  &c.  &c.  "  Finally,  sir,  my  advice 
to  you,  as  a  friend,  is  not  to  publish  the  book;  believe  me, 
it  will  rob  you  even  of  the  little  standing  you  have,  and  cheapen 
both  Mr.  Henry  and  yourself  in  the  public  estimation."  This  is 
the  way,  sir,  I  should  have  treated  you — and  I  should  have  ex- 
pected you  to  cry  "thank'e.^"  at  every  slash  of  my  surgical  knife. 

Now,  Morris,  whether  you  will  believe  me  or  not,  the  hypo- 
thetic strictures  which  I  have  just  made,  are,  in  sober  sadness,  the 
very  remarks  to  which  I  fear  my  book  is  liable.  Yet  no  one  will 
tell  me  so,  till  I  read  them  in  some  review.  From  those  of  my 
friends  who  are  more  remarkable  for  warm  and  affectionate  hearts 
than  acuteness  of  intellect,  I  look  naturally  for  eulogium  only ; 
and  I  have  not  been  disappointed — their  partiality  for  me  blinding 


CHAP.  XXII.]        HIS    COMPLAINT    OF    HIS    FRIENDS.  417 

them  to  the  faults  of  the  work.  Even  from  friends  of  greater 
acuteness,  I  should  not  be  surprised  if  a  false  and  unkind  delicacy 
for  my  feelings,  should  dispose  them  to  conceal  their  objections. 
But  you  are  one  of  those  men  from  whose  sturdier  and  nobler 
caste  both  of  friendship  and  character,  I  expected  to  hear  the 
naked  truth,  with  all  the  frankness,  and  even  bluntness,  of  Kent  in 
Shakspeare's  Lear.  Instead  of  which,  you  come  out  upon  me  with 
a  short  letter,  which,  to  be  sure,  is  most  kind  and  obliging,  but 
which  deals  in  generals,  and  gives  me  no  specific  instruction 
whatever.  Sir,  you  are  not  to  escape  me  thus.  I  have  you  up 
before  the  court,  a  witness  upon  oath,  and  I  will  torture  you  by 
cross-examination  'till  I  get  the  whole  truth  out  of  you  : — so  you 
might  as  well  let  it  come  at  once.  Cast  your  eyes,  then,  upon  the 
aforesaid  hypothetic  strictures,  wherein,  if  you  will  take  the  trouble 
to  analyze,  you  will  discover  a  specification  of  my  own  doubts  and 
fears  on  this  subject.  Answer  me  to  these,  head  by  head,  on  the 
oath  you  have  taken — "  and  then  proceed  with  a  statement  of  all 
you  know  respecting  the  points  in  issue."  If  you  do  not  this,  I 
shall  say  you  are  no  better  than  you  should  be. 

******* 
Will  you  tender  to  Mrs.  Morris  my  affectionate  compliments — 
and  request  her,  in  my  behalf,  to  make  you  answer  this  letter  as 
early  as  your  convenience  will  permit,  promising  her,  in  return, 
that  though  /  have  suffered  a  temporary  relapse  to  the  heresy  of 
snuff-taking,  I  will  not  give  you  a  pinch  without  her  consent. 

God  bless  you, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


END    OF    VOL     1 


ILLUSTIlATED_S^O]NTIFIC    BOOKS. 

LEA    &    BLANCHARD, 

PHILADELPHIA, 
ARE  NOW  PUBLISHING 

A  SERIES  OF  ILLUSTRATED  SCIENTIFIC  WORKS 

COMPRISING  TREATISES  ON  VARIOUS  BRANCHES  OF  SCIENCE, 

BY  THE  MOST  DISTINGUISHED  AUTHORS. 

Printed  in  the  handsomest  style,  and  embellished  in  the  most  efficient  manner. 


LATELY  ISSUED-MULLER'S  PHYSICS. 


PRINCIPLES 


OP 


PHYSICS  AND   METEOROLOGY. 

BY  PROFESSOR  J.  MULLER,  M.  D. 

EDITED,  WITH  ADDITIONS,  BY  R.  EGLESFELD  GRIFFITH,  M.  D. 
In  one  large  and  handsome  octavo  volume,  with  550  wood-cuts,  and  two  colored  plates. 

SPECIMEN    OF   THE   WOOD    ENGRAVINGS. 


From  Wm.  H.  Bartlett,  Esq.,  Professor  of  Natural  and  Experimental  Philosophy,  U.  S.  Military 

Academy,  West  Point, 
I  deem  this  work  a  most  valuable  addition  to  the  educational  facilities  of  the  country,  and  a 

rich  source  of  information  to  the  general  reader,  as  it  is  truly  an  elegant  specimen  of  t^^porrranhy. 
-.IT         T,  •»«■       1    ,f-.     .,,^r,  .ined  ill  a  K 

West  Point,  March  15th,  1848.  nphical  execu- 

This  is  a  large,  elegant,  and  most  admirable  volume — the  first  of  a  series  of  scientific  boo'®  memoers  o 
ing  through  the  press  in  London,  and  which  cannot  fail  to  commend  themselves  to  the  fav 
take  any  interest  in  the  progress  of  science  among  the  great  mass  of  the  people.    The  au 
the  most  distinguished  scientific  men  in  Germany,  and  these  works  have  been  prepared  w 
cure,  and  are  put  forth  in  a  form  admirably  adapted  to  secure  that  wide  circulation  and  u 
which  they  deserve. — N.  Y.  Courier  and  Inquirer.  .   i  p 

A  work  of  which  all  parties  may  be  proud. —  Colonization  Herald.  lural  Economy, 

An  excellent  work,  fully  and  elegantly  illustrated. — Silliman's  Journal. 

3 


KNAPP'S  CHEMICAL  TECHNOLOGY. 

T  E  C  H  N~0  L  0  G  Y; 

OR,  CHEMISTRY   APPLIED  TO  THE  ARTS   AND  TO   MANUFACTURES. 

BY  DR.  F.  KNAPP, 

Professor  at  the  University  of  Giessen. 

Edited,  with  numerous  Notes  and  Additions,  by 

DR.    EDMUND    RONALDS,    and    DR.    THOMAS    RICHARDSON. 

First  American  Edition,  with  Notes  and  Additions, 

BY  PROFESSOR  WALTER  R.  JOHNSON. 

In  two  handsome  octavo  volumes,  printed  and  illustrated  in  the  highest  style  of  art. 

Volume  One,  lately  published,  with  two  hundred  and  fourteen  large  wood  engravings. 
Volume  Two,  now  ready,  with  two  hundred  and  fifty  wood  engravings. 


SPECIMEN    OF   THE   WOOD    ENGRAVINGS. 


One  of  the  best  works  of  modern  times. — New  York  Commercial. 

We  think  it  will  prove  the  most  popular,  as  it  is  decidedly  the  best  of  the  series.  AVritten  by  one  who 
has  for  many  years  studied  both  theoretically  and  practically  the  processes  which  he  describes  ;  the  de- 
scriptions are  precise,  and  conveyed  in  a  simple  unpretending  style,  so  that  they  are  easily  understood, 
while  they  are  sufficiently  full  in  detail,  to  include  wiihin  them  everything  necessary  to  the  entire  com- 
prehension of  the  operations.  The  w^ork  is  also  carefully  brought  down  to  include  the  most  recent  im- 
provements introduced  upon  the  continent  of  Europe,  and  thus  gives  us  full  descriptions  of  processes  to 
which  reference  is  frequently  made  in  other  works,  while  many  of  ihem  are,  we  believe,  now  for  the  first 
time,  presented  in  a  complete  state  to  the  English  reader — Franklin  Institute  Journal. 

In  addition  to  the  valuable  scientific  matter  contained  in  the  original  work,  very  extensive  American 
af  ve  been  made  to  it  by  the  editor,  which  are  exceedingly  valuable,  and  of  much  interest  to  the 

er. 

hers  have  spared  no  pains  in  bringing  out  a  work  of  superior  mechanical  execution  and  rare 
vith  numerous  skillfully  engraved  cuts,  designed  to  illustrate  the  various  subjects  treated  in 
Ve  feel  confident  that,  as  a  truly  useful  publication,  it  will  be  eagerly  sought  after  and  highly 
-JV.  y.  Farmer  a  nd  Mechanic. 

pleasure  of  noticing,  in  a  former  number,  the  first  volume  of  this  excellent  vyork,  andof  ex- 

gh  sense  of  its  value.     We  need  say  little  more,  therefore,  of  its  continuation,  than  that  it 

he  character  of  its  predecessor,  both  in  regard  to  the  value  of  the  original  treatise,  and  the 

lortance  of  the  additions  which  have  been  made  to  it  by  the  English  editors.— T/ie  British 

Chirurgieal  Review. 


WEISBACH'S     MECHANICS. 


PRINCIPLES  OF  THE 

MECHANICS  OF  MACHINERY  AND  ENGINEERING. 

By  Professor  JULIUS  WEISBACH. 

TRANSLATED  AND  EDITED  BY  PROFESSOR  GORDON,  OF  GLASGOW. 

First  American  Edition,  "with  Additions, 

By  Prof.  WALTER  R.  JOHNSON. 

In  two  Octavo  Volumes,  beautifully  printed, 

Volume  One,  with  five  hundred  and  fifty  illustrations,  just  issued. 
Volume  Two,  with  three  hundred  and  thirty  illustrations,  now  ready. 

SPECIMEN    OF   THE   WOOD    ENGRAVINGS. 


aI>Ai\m1^ 


The  second  volume  of  this  work  embraces  the  application  of  the  Principles  of  Mechanics  to 
Roofs,  Bridges,  Platform  Scales,  Water  Powers,  Dams,  Water  Wheels,  Turbines,  Water  En- 
gines, &c.  &c. 

This  work  is  one  of  the  most  interesting  to  mathematicians  that  has  been  laid  before  us  for  some  time 
and  we  may  safely  term  it  a.  scientific  gem. —  The  Builder. 

From  Charles  H.  Haswell,  Esq.,  Engineer  in  Chief,  U.  S.  N. 

The  design  of  the  author  in  supplying  the  instructor  with  a  guide  for  teaching,  and  the  student  with  an 
auxiliary  for  the  acquirement  of  the  science  of  mechanics,  has,  in  my  opinion,  been  attained  in  a  most 
successful  manner.  The  illustrations,  in  the  fullness  of  their  construction,  and  in  typographical  execu- 
tion, are  without  a  parallel.  It  will  afford  me  much  pleasure  to  recommend  its  use  by  the  members  of 
the  profession  with  which  I  am  connected. 


IN  PREPARATION, 

Works  on  Chemistry,  Metallurgy,  Machines,  The  Steam  Engine,  Astronomy,  Rural  Economy, 

&c.  &c. 

3 


MOHR,   REDWOOD,    AND  PROCTER'S   PHARMACY.      NOW  READY. 

PRiCTICAL~PHARMACY. 

COMPRISING  THE   ARRANGEMENTS,  APPARATUS,  AND  MANIPULATIONS  OF   THE 
PHARMACEUTICAL  SHOP  AND  LABORATORY. 

BY  FRANCIS  MOHR,  Ph.  D., 

Assessor  Pharmaciae  of  the  Royal  Prussian  College  of  Medicine,  Coblenlz. 

AND  THEOPHILUS  REDWOOD, 

Professor  of  Pharmacy  in  the  Pharmaceutical  Society  of  Great  Britain. 

EDITED,    WITH    EXTENSIVE    ADDITIONS, 

BY  PROFESSOR  AVILLIAM  PROCTER, 

Of  the  Philadelphia  College  of  Pharmacy. 
In  one  handsomely  printed  octavo  volume,  of  570  pages,  with  over  500  engravings  on  wood. 

SPECIMEN    OF   THE   WOOD    ENGRAVINGS. 


Such  a  manual  as  the  wo/k  hefore  us,  has  long  been  a  desideratum  in  this  country.  There  has  been  a 
great  want  ot  a  proper  text-book  of  Pharmacy  ;  and  to  this  want  maybe  attributed  much  of  the  ignorance 
which  prevails  on  this  subject,  in  places  remote  from  the  large  cities.  The  present  work  admirably  sup- 
plies the  want,  and,  by  the  minute  practical  instruction  which  it  conveys,  will  introduce  a  new  era  in  the 
shop  of  the  apothecary  throughout  the  United  Stales.  We  recommend  it,  in  the  strongest  manner,  to  the 
attention  of  the  apothecary  and  druggist,  as  well  as  to  the  physician  who  prepares  his  own  prescriptions, 
as  a  unique  compendium  of  valuable,  practical  knowledge  in  Pha.Tma.cy .—  Transylvania  Med.  Journal, 
August.  1849. 

4  i 


CATALOGUE 

OF 

LEA    tc    BLANCHARD'S 

PUBLICATIONS. 


NEW   AND   CORRECTED    EDITION.      NOW   READY. 

LYNCH'S    DEAD^A    EXPEDITION. 

NARRATIVE  OF  THE  UNITED  STATES'  EXPEDITION 

TO  THE  RIVER  JORDAN  AND  THE  DEAD  SEA, 

BY  W.  F.  LYNCH,  U.  S.  N., 

Commander  of  the  Expedition. 

In  one  large  and  beautiful  octavo  volume,  of  over  five  hundred  pages. 

With  Maps  and  Numerous  Illustrations,  executed  in  the  handsomest  style. 

LIST  OP  ILLUSTRATIONS. 

MAPS. 

Sketch  Map  of  the  River  Jordan,  >  ^^  ^  j         ^^^^     ^^.^^  ^^^^^^^^  ^^ 
Sketch  Map  of  the  Dead  Sea,        5 

TWENTY-EIGHT  PLATES,  BEAUTIFULLY  EXECUTED  ON  WOOp. 


Source  of  the  Jordan. 

Camp  on  the  River  Belus. 

'Akil  Aga. 

Sherif  of  Mecca. 

Caravan  of  the  Expedition. 

Tiberias. 

Ruined  Bridge  of  Semakh. 

Jum'ah. 

View  on  the  Jordan. 

Sherif  Massa'd,  Emir  Nassir,  and  Bend 

Sukr  Sheikh. 
Pilgrims  Bathing  in  the  Jordan. 
Shore  of  the  Dead  Sea. 
Ain  Jidy. 
Pillar  of  Salt. 


A  Ta'amirah. 

Mustafa  the  Cook. 

Masada. 

Christian  Arabs  of  Kerak. 

Sheikh  of  Blezra'a. 

Wady  Mojeb. 

Greek  Archbishop. 

Ton\b  of  Absalom,. 

Garden  of  Gethsemane. 

Tombs  in  the  valley  of  Johoshaphat. 

Greek  Priest  at  Nazareth. 

Fountain  of  Nazareth. 

Great  Sheikh  of  the  'Anazeh  Tribes- 

Baalbec. 


CONTENTS. 

Chapter  I. — Introduction.  II.— From  Nev/ York  to  Port  Mahon.  III. — From  PorV  Mahon  to 
Smyrna.  IV. — From  Smyrna  to  Constantinople.  V. — Constantinople  and  Voyage  t(A  Syria.  VI. — 
From  BeirOt  to  departure  from  St.  Jean  D'Acre.  VII. — From  St.  Jean  D'Acre  t,Q  departure  from 
the  Sea  of  Galilee.  VIII.— From  the  Sea  of  Galilee  to  the  J'alls  of  Buk'ah.  IX. — From  the  Falls 
of  Biik'ah  to  the  Fourth  Camping  Place  on  the  Jordan.  X. — .From  the  Fourth  Camp  on  the  Jordan 
to  the  Ford  of  Scka.  XI. — From  the  Ford  of  Scka  to  Pilgrim's  Ford.  XH. — From  Pilgrim's 
Ford  to  First  Camp  on  the  Dead  Sea.  XIII. — From  Ain  el  Teshkhah  to  Ain  Jidy  (Engaddi.^ 
XIV. — Expedition  around  the  Southern  Sea.  XV.— ^Excursion  to  Masada.  XVI. — From  Camp  to 
the  Capital  of  Moab.  XVII. — Cruise  along  the  Arabian  Shore.  XVIII. — From  the  Outlet  of  the 
Hot  Springs  ofCallirhoe  to  Ain  Turabeh.  XIX. — From  the  Dead  Sea  to  ihe  Convent  of  Mar  Saba. 
XX. — From  Mar  Saba  to  Jerusalem.  XXI. — Jerusalem.  XXIL — From  Jerusalem  to  Jaffa. 
XXIII. — From  Jaffa  to  Nazareth.  XXIV. — From  Nazareth  to  ihe  Source  of  the  Jordan.  XXV. — 
From  the  Source  of  the  Jordan  to  Damascus,  Ba'albek,  BeirOt,  and  Home. 

From  this  summary  of  the  Contents,  it  will  be  seen  that  the  Expedition  explored  all  of  the  most 
interesting  spots  of  the  Holy  Land.  They  were  examined  with  great  care,  especially  those  of 
which  there  is  little  or  no  aiilhenlic  information  ;  and  the  results  will  be  found  embodied  in  this 
volume.  As  the  official  account  o(  an  expedition  which  has  attracted  no  small  share  of  public  atten- 
tion, it  has  much  interest  for  the  general  reader,  while  to  the  biblical  student  it  will  be  necessary 
for  the  proper  understanding  of  the  Geography  of  the  Holy  Land.  As  a  work  of  art,  too,  it  merits 
attention  ;  neither  care  nor  expense  has  been  spared  to  render  it  worthy  its  natiojial  character. 
It  is  printed  on  large  type  and  fine  paper;  the  illustrations  are  very  numerau,s„  preseijting  the 
most  interesting  points  connected  with  the  Expedition,  and  have  been  engraved  in  the  best  style 
of  the  art ;  and  the  whole  may  confidently  be  presented  as  equal,  if  not  superior,  to  any  origiaal 
work  of  the  kind  as  yet  attempted  in  this  country. 


LEA  &  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


LYNCH' S  DEAD 

This  book,  so  long  and  anxiously  expected, 
fully  sustains  the  ho|)es  of  the  most  sanguine  and 
fastidious.  It  is  truly  a  magnificent  work.  The 
type,  paper,  binding,  style,  and  execution,  are 
all  of  the  best  and  highest  character,  as  are  also 
the  maps  and  engravings.  It  will  do  more  to  ele- 
vate the  character  of  our  national  literature  than 
any  work  that  has  appeared  for  years.  The  in- 
trinsic interest  of  the  subject  will  give  it  popu- 
larity and  immortality  at  once.  It  must  be  read 
to  be  appreciated  ;  and  it  will  be  read  extensive- 
ly, and  valued,  both  in  this  and  other  countries. 
— Lady's  Book,  August,  1849. 

Lieut.  Lynch's  book  must  be  pronounced  of 
great  value,  not  only  for  the  additions  which  it 
makes  to  our  knowledge,  but  as  the  authentic  re- 
cord ofan  enterprise  in  the  highest  degree  honora- 
ble to  all  the  parties  concerned.  In  our  esteem  the 
value  of  the  work  is  greatly  enhanced  by  the  en- 
gravings. The  interest  of  these  lies  in  their  re- 
presenting subjects  mostly  new  to  those  who  have 
been  wearied  with  the  five  hundreth  repetition 
of  the  same  scenes  and  objects.  The  views  on  the 
Dead  Sea  are  of  special  and  remarkable  interest, 
and  the  costume  figures  are  also  striking  and  sug- 
gestive.— North  British  Review,  August,  1S49. 

A  large  and  elegant  volume  of  marked  interest 
and  of  decided  value.  The  Expedition,  as  our 
readers  are  aware,  was  conducted  under  the 
authority  of  the  United  States,  and  resulted  in  a 
much  more  satisfactory  exploration  of  the  region 
visited  than  had  ever  before  been  made.  The 
book  is  very  handsomely  printed,  and  contains 
numerous  spirited  pictorial  illustrations. — N.  Y. 
Courier  and  Enquirer. 

A  most  elegant  volume  of  500  pages,  profusely 
illustrated  with  beautiful  plates  and  maps.  The 
style  of  the  work  is  at  once  simple  and  capti- 
vating, possessing  all  the  interest  of  a  romance 
as  well  as  the  sterling  excellence  of  a  reliable 
statement  of  facts.  It  is  worthy  to  be  ranked 
with  Layard's  great  work  on  Nineveh. — Phila. 
livening  Bulletin. 

The  present  volume  is  a  well  written  narra- 
tive, filled  with  lively  and  interesting  descriptions 
of  the  country  and  the  people,  and  the  remark- 
able scenes  and  incidents  he  met  with,  besides 
having  the  merit  of  being  a  reliable  work  in  all 
its  statements.  This  volume,  we  are  satisfied, 
will  be  much  sought  after. — Phila.  Ledger. 

When,  however,  he  fairly  "  gets  under  %veigh," 
every  page  possesses  interest, and  we  follow  him 
with  eagerness  in  his  perilous  and  tortuous  voy- 
age down  the  Jordan,  and  his  explorations  of  the 
mysterious  sea,  upon  which  the  curse  of  the  Al- 
mighty visibly  rests.  His  privations,  toils,  and 
dangers  were  numerous,  but  were  rewarded  by 
success  where  all  others  had  failed.  He  has  con- 
tributed materially  to  our  knowledge  of  scriptural 
geography,  particularly  in  his  charts  of  the  Jordan 
and  Dead  Sea,  which  he  fully  explored.  If  our 
readers  wish  to  know  all  he  has  done,  they  must 
procure  and  read  his  book  ;  we  cannot  give  even 
an  outline  of  it.  We  can  only  add,  that  the  pub- 
lishers have  done  their  full  duty  in  their  depart- 
ment, and  the  maps  and  plates  are  all  that  could 
be  desired. — Preshytcrian. 

It  is  splendidly  got  up,  and  constitutes  one  of 
the  most  useful  and  deeply  interestmg  volumes 
that  has  recently  been  issued  from  the  press.  It 
is  running  over  with  graphic  pictures  for  the 
poet,  stirring  adventure  for  the  common  reader, 
and  deep  science  of  philosophy  for  the  student. 
It  will  at  once  add  greatly  to  the  knowledge  of 
the  interesting  regions  explored,  and  to  the  well- 
earned  fame  of  the  accomplished  author.  It  will 
soon  find  a  place  in  every  well  selected  library 
jn  the  country. — Albany  Evening  Journal. 

We  are  glad  to  have  the  opportunity  of  read- 


SEA.     ( Continued.) 

ing  once  more  a  book  of  travels,  written  as  books 
of  travels  should  be  written  ;  that  is  to  say,  natu- 
rally and  unaffectedly.  Stephens  and  Slidell 
understood  the  thing,  and  so  does  Mr.  Lynch. 
This  happy  medium  Mr.  Lynch  has  hit.  This 
book  is  written  in  the  very  best  taste.  It  will 
be  read  with  intense  interest  and  without  weari- 
ness. The  dangers  encountered,  the  scenes 
beheld,  the  characters  presented,  are  all  vividly 
presented  to  the  reader's  imagination  ;  and  the 
information  resulting  to  the  scientific  world  is 
accurate  and  extensive. — The  maps  alone,  drawn 
as  they  are  from  actual  survey,  and  changing  as 
they  do  all  our  previous  ideas  of  the  course  of 
the  Jordan  and  the  configuration  of  the  Dead 
Sea — are  an  ample  return  for  the  trouble  and 
expense  of  the  Expedition. 

Messrs.  Lea  &  Blanchard  deserve  the  thanks 
of  the  reading  world  for  the  splendid  style  in 
which  the  work  is  executed.  Maps,  engravings, 
type,  paper,  and  printing,  are  all  in  first-rate 
style — all  worthy  of  a  national  work. — Scott's 
Weekly  Paper. 

The  publication  of  this  work  has  been  looked 
for  with  so  much  interest,  that  we  expect  to 
gratify  many  readers  by  giving  it  an  extended 
notice.  Indeed,  the  intrinsic  merits  of  the  work 
claim  for  it  more  than  ordinary  attention  and  ex- 
amination. The  scene  of  exploration  is  hallowed 
by  historic  associations,  and  possesses  other  and 
peculiar  features  of  interest,  and  it  is  quite  natural 
that  every  intelligent  Christian  and  philanthropist 
should  await  with  eager  curiosity,  a  narrative  of 
personal  observation  of  the  present  appearance 
of  those  interesting  localities.  Such  a  one  will 
be  glad  of  the  assurance,  that  in  Lieut.  Lynch's 
book  he  will  find  a  succinct,  direct,  pleasing  ac- 
count of  those  scenes  which,  under  shelter  of 
our  national  flag,  he  successfully  explored. 

The  record  he  has  given  of  the  scenes  through 
which  they  passed  will  be  eagerly  perused  by 
his  countrymen,  and  will  be  a  lasting  memorial 
of  a  great  national  enterprise  skilfully  consum- 
mated.— N.  Y.  Commercial  Advertiser. 

Lieut.  Lynch,  the  commander,  entered  upon 
the  service  with  a  degree  of  enthusiasm  which 
foretokened  the  complete  success  he  has  at- 
tained; and  the  work  he  has  given  to  the  public 
is  among  the  most  valuable  of  the  results  of  his 
enterprise  and  efforts.  It  is  a  lively,  spirited, 
agreeable  description  of  the  various  objects  he 
saw,  and  conveys  a  vivid  idea  of  many  of  the 
most  interesting  scenes,  which,  to  the  Christian 
mind,  the  world  can  offer.  The  work  is  embel- 
lished by  numerous  and  well  executed  maps  and 
engravings. — North  American. 

In  the  work  before  us,  he  describes,  in  an  easy, 
flowing,  yet  graphic  style,  the  progress  of  his 
voyage,  the  various  places  visited,  and  many 
scenes  and  objects  of  great  interest,  which  came 
under  his  observation  in  his  journeyings  in  the 
Land  of  Israel  and  Moab,  as  well  as  the  various 
phenomena  of  the  River  and  Sea,  which  he  was 
sent  to  explore. — The  various  information  which 
the  intelligent  reader  will  derive  from  it,  will 
amply  reward  him  for  a  perusal. — Christian  Ob- 
server. 

This  is  a  work  that  well  deserves  to  be  exten- 
sively read.  It  is  not  only  interesting  from  the 
sacred  associations  connected  with  the  scenes 
which  it  so  graphically  describes,  but  also  from 
the  familiar  and  unaffected  style  of  its  narrative. 
It  is  a  work  that  should  find  a  place  in  every 
library,  and  we  commend  it  to  the  perusal  of  the 
public  with  the  utmost  confidence,  that  they  will 
consider  the  time  well  spent  that  is  bestowed 
upon  its  pages.  It  is  printed  in  a  style  of  beauty 
and  excellence  that  makes  it  additionally  attrac- 
tive.— Charleston  Mercury. 


LEA  &  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


nAGWIFICENT  PRESENTATION   WORK. 

Now  Ready. 

IRISH    MELODIES, 

BY  THOMAS  MOORE,  Esq. 

With  Notes  and  Autobiographical  Prefaces. 

IliliUSTRATED  WITH  BEAUTIFUL.   STEEL.  PL.ATES, 

ENGRAVED    UNDER    THE    IMMEDIATE    SUPERINTENDENCE    OF    MR.     EDWARD    FINDEN. 

In  one  large  imperial  4to.  volume  of  174  pages,  handsomely  bound  in  extra  cloth,  with  gilt  edges. 

BEAUTIFULLY    PRINTED    ON    SUPERIOR    PAPER. 

LIST  OF  PLATES. 

Nora  Creina,    ------  Painted  by  W.  P.  Frith,     Engraved  by  E.  Finden. 

Rich  and  Rare  were  the  Gems  she  Wore,  "         W.  Fisher,  "  W.  H.  Mote. 

EvELEEN, <'         R,  T.  Bott,  "  E.  Finden. 

Love's  Young  Dream,        -        -        .         -  "A.  Derby,  "  E.  Finden. 

Lesbia, "         W.  P.  Frith,  "  W.  Holl. 

Kathleen  and  St.  Kevin,         ...  "         E.  Hawkes,  "  W.  Holl. 

The  Hamlet's  Pride,         ....  "         W.  Room,  "  W.Edwards. 

Laughing  Eyes,         .        -        -        -        .  <«         W.  P.  Frith,  "  E.  Finden. 

The  Mountain  Sprite,      ...         -  "         F.  Wood,  "  E.  Finden. 

The  Desmond's  Love,          .         .         -         .  "         F.Crowley,  "  W.Edwards. 

The  care  wliieh  has  been  exercised  in  every  porlion  of  this  volume,  boUi  as  to  its  mechanical  and  artisti- 
cal  execution,  renders  it  in  all  respects  well  worthy  of  the  '-Irish  Melodies."  In  illuftrations,  type,  printing, 
paper,  and  binding,  it  is  etjual  to  anytliing  that  has  as  yet  appeared  in  this  country  ;  and  as  a  work  whose  al- 
traclion  is  not  confined  to  a  single  season,  it  should  command  the  alteiition  of  the  public. 

Now  Ready— INGERSOLL'S   NEW   WORK, 

HISTORICAL  SKETCHTf  THE  SECOND  WAR 
BETWEEN  THE  UNITED  STATES  OF  AMERICA  AND  GREAT  BRITAIN, 

DECLARED  BY  ACT  OF  CONGRESS  THE  18th  OF  JUNE,  1812, 
AND  CONCLUDED  BY  PEACE  THE  1.5th  OF  FEBRUARY,   1815. 

BY  CHARLES  J.  INGERSOLL. 

EMBRACIIVC;    THE     EVEIVTS    OF    1S14. 

In  one  well  printed  8vo.  Volume  of  318  pages,  double  columns,  paper  covers,  price  One  Dollar. 

Mr.  IngersolPs  position  as  a  member  of  Congress  during  the  war  of  1S12,  and  for  many  years  since,  has 
afforded  him  unusual  opportunities  for  the  collection  of  information  from  all  sources,  foreign  and  domestic, 
public  and  private.  Of  these  advantages  he  has  availed  himself,  and  the  result  is  an  immense  amount  of  cu- 
rious and  interesting  matter,  which  now  sees  the  light  for  the  first  time,  and  elucidates  many  hitherto  doubtful 
points  respecting  the  men  and  measures  of  that  period.  The  volume  is  not  confined  to  the  mere  detads  of  the 
naval  and  military  conflicts,  tiul  treats  particularly  of  the  legislative  action,  political  movements,  and  causes 
and  consequences  of  the  struggle,  together  with  sketches  of  ilie  prominent  actors.  Among  other  matters  will 
be  found  a  chanter  on  the  Bank  of  the  United  Slates,  from  its  charier  to  its  winding  up,  with  a  plan  of  a  bank 
l"rorn  (ieneral  Jackson. 

Persons  residing  in  the  country  can  obtain  this  book,  through  the  Post  Office,  by  a  remittance  of  One 

Dollar  to  the  Publishers. 

KENWEDT'S  LIFE   OF  "WIRT.     NOW  READY: 

MEMOIRS   OF   THE   LIFE   OF   WILLIAM   WIRT, 

BY    JOHN    P.    KENNEDY. 
In  two  large  and  handsome  8vo.  vols.,  with  a  Portrait  and  fac-simile  of  a  letter  from  John  Adams. 

The  whole  of  Mr.  Wirt's  Papers,  Correspondence,  Diaries,  &c..  having  been  placed  in  the  hands  of  Mr. 
Kennedy,  to  be  used  in  this  work,  it  will  contain  much  that  is  new  and  interesting  relating  to  llie  political 
history  of  the  times,  as  well  as  to  the  private  life  of  Mr.  Wirt. 

READINGS    FO  R    "Th  E    YOUNG. 

FROM  THE  WORKS  OF  SIR  WALTER  SCOTT. 

In  two  very  handsome  18mo.  volumes,  with  beautiful  plates,  done  up  in  crimson  extra  cloth. 

TALES  AND  STyRIES^ROM  HISTORY. 

BY   AGNES   STRICKLAND, 

AUTHOR  OF  "I.IVKS  OF  THE  QUEENS  OF  F,NGf-ANl)."  FTC. 
In  one  handsome  royal  18mo.  volume,  crimson  extra  cloth,  with  illustrations. 

THE    SUGAR    PLANTER'S    MANUAL. 

BEING  A  TREATISE  ON  THE  ART  OF  OBTAINING  SUGAR  FROM  THE  CANE. 

BV    W.    .T.    EVANS,    M.  1). 

In  one  neat  volume,  small  Svo.,  268  pages,  with  wood-cuts  and  two  plates. 


LEA  &  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


NOW    COMPLETE, 

STRICKLAND'S    QUEENS     OF    ENGLAND, 
New  and  Improved  Edition. 

THE  QUEENS  OF  ENGLAND| 

FROM  THE  NORMAN  CONQUEST. 
WITH     ANECDOTES    OF    THEIR    COURTS: 

Now  First  Published  from  Official  Records,  and  other  Authentic  Documents,  Private  as  well  as  Public. 
New  Sditlon,  wltli  Additions  and  Corrections. 

BY  AGNES  STRICKLAND. 
Jn  six  volumes  crown  octavo,  extra  crimson  cloth,  or  half  morocco,  printed  on 

fine  paper  and  large  type. 

Ill  this  edition,  Volume  One  contaitjs  Vols.  1,  2  and  3  of  the  12mo.  edition;  Volume  Two 
contains  Vols.  4  and  5;  Vol.  Three  contains  Vols.  6  and  7;  Vol.  Four  contains  Vols.  8  and  9; 
Vol.  Five  contains  Vols.  10  and  11;  and  Vol.  Six  contains  Vol.  12.  The  whole  forming  a  very 
handsome  series,  suitable  for  presents,  prizes,  &e. 

The  publishers  have  o:reat  pleasure  in  presenliii<:f  to  the  public  this  work  in  a  complete  form.  During  the 
long  period  in  wliich  it  has  been  issuing  from  the  press  it  has  assumed  the  characlerof  a  standard  work,  and 
as  occupying  ground  hitherto  untouched,  as  embodying  numerous  historical  facts  heretofore  unnoticed,  and 
as  containing  vivid  sketches  of  the  characters  and  manners  of  the  times,  with  anecdotes,  documents,  &c.  &.C., 
it  presents  numerous  claims  on  the  attention  of  both  the  student  of  history  and  the  desultory  reader. 

Tnose  who  have  been  awaiting  its  completion  can  now  obtain  it,  forming  a  handsome  set,  twelve  volumes 
in  SIX,  in  various  styles  of  binding. 

CONTENTS  OF  THE  VOLUMES. 


VOLt/MEl— Matilda  of  Flanders,  Matilda  of  Scotland. 

Adelicia  of  Louvaine,   Matilda  of  Boulogne,   and 

Eleanora  of  Aquitaine. 
Volume  II — Derengaria  of  Navarre,  Isabella  of  An- 

gouleme,  Eleanor  of  Provence,  Eleanor  of  Castille, 

Marguerite  of  France,  Isabella  of  France,  Philippa 

of  Hainaull,  and  Anne  of  Bohemia. 
VoLnME  III — Isabella  of  Valois,  Joanna  of  Navarre. 

Katherine  of  Valois,  Margaret  of  Anjou,  Elizabeth 

Woodville  and  Anne  of  Warwick. 
These  three  volumes  tnake  Vol.  I.  of  the  New  Edition. 

VoLtTME  IV — Elizabeth  of  York,  Katherine  of  Arra- 

gon,  Anne  Boleyn,  Jane  Seymour,  Anne  of  Cleves 

and  Katherine  Howard. 
Volume  V — Katherine  Parr  and  Mary  the  First. 
These  inake  Vol  II.  of  the  New  Edition. 

It  wnll  thus  be  seen  that  this  work  presents  an  uninterrupted  history  of  the  Court  of  England  and  of  the 
Royal  Families  from  the  Norman  Conquest  to  the  accession  of  the  House  of  Hanover,  naturally  embracing 
an  Immense  amount  of  singular  and  interesting  matter,  to  be  met  with  nowhere  else. 

These  volumes  have  the  fascination  of  a  romance  united  to  the  integrity  of  history. — Times. 


Volume  VI — Elizabeth. 

Volume  VII— Elizabeth  (concluded)  and  Anne  of  Den- 
mark. 

These  make  Vol  III.  of  the  New  Edition. 

Volume  VIII— Henrietta  Maria  and  Catherine  of  Bra- 

ganza. 
Volume  IX — Mary  Beatrice  of  Modena. 

These  make  Vol.  IV.  of  the  New  Edition. 

Volume  X— Mary  Beatrice  of  Modena  (concluded), 

Mary  II. 
Volume  XI— Mary  II  (concluded).  Queen  Anne. 
These  make  Vol.  V.  of  the  New  Edition. 

Volume  XII— Queen  Anne  (concluded). 

Making  Vol.  VI.  of  the  New  Edition. 


MISS    MARTINEAU'S    NEW    WORK. 

EASTERN  LIFE,  PRESENT  AND  PAST, 

BY  HARRIET   MARTINEAU. 

In  One  Handsome  Crown  Octavo  Volume, 


SOMERVILLE'S   PHYSICAL    GEOGRAPHY— Now  Ready. 


PHYSICAL    GEOGRAPHY. 

BV   MARY   SOMERVILLE, 

AUTHOR  OF  "the  CONNECTIOtf  OF  THE  PHYSICAL  SCIENCES,"  ETC.  ETC. 

In  one  neat  12mo.  volume,  extra  cloth. 

The  present  work  \s  of  ihe  mil Itiim  in  parvo  c\a.ss  giving  within  convenient  compass  an  admirable  suni- 
inary  of  the  geography,  topography  and  natural  history  of  the  four  great  continents  of  the  earth  We  know 
ot  few  book^,  if  of  any,  which  contain  so  much  intbrmation  of  a  valuable  kind  in  an  available  form  The 
author  possesses,  in  a  remarkable  degree,  the  power  of  condensing  and  lucidly  slating  her  facts  and  infer- 
ences.—  A',  y.  Comtnercial  Advertiser,  Sept.  18,  1848. 


POEMS. 

BY  ELLIS,  CURRER,  AND  ACTON  BELL, 

AUTHORS  OF  "  J.\NE  EYRE,"  "  WUTHERINC  HEIGHTS,"  "  WILDFELL  HALL,"  ETC. 

la  one  handsome  volume,  small  12mo. 


LEA  &  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


WILKES'   CALIFORNIA— A  New  Work— Just  Issued. 


WESTERN    AMERICA, 

INCLUDING    OREGON    AND    CALIFORNIA. 

With  Maps  of  those  Regions  and  of  the  Sacramento  Valley. 

BY  CHARLES  WILKES,  U.S.N., 

COMMANDER  OF  THE  UNITED  STATES  EXPLORING  EXPEDITION. 

Octavo.     Price  75  cents. 

This  is  the  most  desirable  publication  ■we  have  yet  had  on  the  new  ref^ions  opened  by  the  Mexican  war  on 
the  Pacific;  indeed,  it  is  indispensable  to  a  just  appreciation  of  the  geography  and  phyf'ical  capabilities  ol'ihe 
country.  It  supplies,  what  all  the  other  accounts  are  deficient  in,  a  complete,  systematic  scientific  view  of 
the  whole  land,  in  its  individual  parts,  and  in  their  general  relations.  What  we  fi;et  in  books  like  those  of 
Bryant  or  Tliornlon,  is  a  personal  record  of  partial  observation  or  adventure,  which  supplies  us  with  an 
important  but  easily  misunderstood  view  of  llie  region.  Captain  Wilkes,  in  this  opportune  work,  maps  out 
faithfully  the  whole,  and  his  work  accordingly,  with  its  minute  and  accurate  bearings,  is  worthy  of  constant 
reference  in  reading  the  fragments  communicaled  in  the  newspapers,  the  discussions  in  t^oiigress.  or  the 
more  ambiiious  liooks  of  travellers.  Though  published  at  the  low  price  of  75  cents,  it  contains  no  less  than 
sixteen  chapters,  embracing  an  original  and  comprehensive  geographical  view  of  Western  America,  par- 
ticular sketches  of  Calilbrnia  and  Oregon,  with  separate  considerations  of  the  valleys,  rivers,  mountains, 
harbors,  their  agricultural  and  mineral  wealth,  the  government,  the  routes  of  communication  with  the  Atlan- 
tic, &c.,  with  ihree  neatly  executed  maps.  We  recommend  this  work  as  one  of  high  utility  for  present  use 
and  constant  I'uture  relerence.— iV.  Y.  Literary  World. 


HISTORY  OF  ENGLISH  LITERATURE— Just  Issued. 


OUTLINES    OF   ENGLISH    LITERATURE. 

BY  THOMAS  B.  SHAW,  M.A. 

In  one  large  and  handsome  volume  of  434  pages,  royal  12mo.,  extra  cloth. 

Supplies  a  want  long  and  severely  felt. —  Southern  Literary  Gazette. 

An  admirable  work — graphic  and  delightful. —  Pennsyli-aaian. 

The  best  publication  of  its  size  upouEnglish  Literature  that  we  have  ever  m.c\.'w'iih..—NeaVs  Saturday 
Gazette. 

Eminently  readable — City  Item. 

A  valuable  and  very  interesting  volume,  which,  for  various  merits,  will  gradually  find  its  way  into  all 
libraries. —  N.  Y,  Knickerbocker. 

Traces  our  literary  history  with  remarkable  zest,  fairness  and  intelligence. —  N.  Y.  Home  Journal. 


ZOOLOGICAL  RECREATIONS  -Just  Issued. 

BY  W.  J.  BRODERIP,  ESQ.,  F.R.S.,  ETC. 

In  one  neat  volume  of  376  pages,  royal  12mo.,  extra  cloth. 

Tliis  is  one  of  those  delightful  books  which  are  made  up  of  description,  narrative  and  sentiment  all  mingled 
together,  in  that  easy,  off-hand,  readable  style  which  results  from  the  author's  habiis  as  a  student  of  nature, 
and  his  extensive  reading  in  general  literature,  together  with  a  lively,  good  natured,  genial  spirit,  which  is 
so  important  to  a  writer  who  would  efl'ectuallv  gam  our  good-will.  We  have  seen  no  book  to  be  compared 
with  It  since  tlie  publication  of  "  Waterton's  Wanderings." — Weekly  Messenger. 


MIRABEAU  AND  THE  NATIONAL  ASSEMBLY. 


MIRABEAU,    A    LIFE    HISTORY. 

IN    FOUR    BOOKS. 

In  one  neat  royal   12mo.  volume,  extra  cloth. 


MARTINEAU'S  HOUSEHOLD  EDUCATION— Just  Issued. 


HOUSEHOLD     EDUCATION 

BY     HARRIET     MARTINEAU, 

AUTHOR  OF  "  EASTERN  LIFE,"  ETC. 

In  one  neat  royal  12mo.  volume,  extra  cloth. 


DICKENS'    NEW    WORK. 


DAYID   COPPEllFIELD. 

To  be  completed  in  20  ]Vuinbei*»,  at  Five  Cents  eacta. 

UNIFORM  WITH  LEA  &  BLANCHARD'S  COMPLETE  EDITION  OF  DICKENS'  WORKS. 

N.  B.  The  Fourth  Volume  of  L.  &.  B.'s  Collective  Edition  of  Dickens'  Novels  and  Tales  will  be  completed 
with  ''  David  Copperfield,"  and  will  also  contaiii  "Dombey  and  Son,"  all  the  Christmas  Tales,  and  the  ''Pic- 
tures from  Italy." 


LEA   &  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


CAMPBELUS    LORD    CHANCELLORS. 

Now  Complete  in  Seven  Volumes. 

LIVES  OF  THE  LORD  CHANCELLORS 

AND 

KEEPERS  OF  THE  GREAT  SEAL  OF  ENGLAND, 

FROM 

THE  EARLIEST  TIMES  TO  THE  REIGN  OF  KING  GEORGE  U, 
BY  JOHN  LORD  CAMPBELL,  A.  M.,  F.  R.  S.  E. 

Now  complete  in  seven  handsome  crown  octavo  volumes,  extra  cloth. 

Of  the  solid  merit  of  the  work  our  judgment  may  be  gathered  from  what  has  already  been  said.  We  will 
add,  that  from  its  infinite  fund  of  anecdote,  and  happy  variety  of  style,  the  book  addresses  itself  with  equal 
claims  to  the  mere  general  reader,  as  to  the  legal  or  historical  inquirer  ;  and  while  we  avoid  the  stereotyped 
commonplace  of  affirming  that  no  library  can  be  complete  without  it,  we  feel  constrained  to  afford  it  a  higher 
tribute  by  pronouncing  it  entitled  to  a  distinguished  place  on  the  shelves  of  every  scholar  who  is  fortunate 
enough  to  possess  it. —  Frazer^s  Magazine,  April  1848. 

A  work  which  will  take  its  place  in  our  libraries  as  one  of  the  most  brilliant  and  valuable  contributions  to 
the  literature  of  the  present  day. — Athenteum,  Dec.  1847. 


FRANCE  UNDER  LOUIS  PHILIPPE. 

THE  HISTORY  OF  TEN  YEARS,  1880—1840: 
OR,  FMNCE  UNDER  LOUIS  PHILIPPE. 

BY  LOUIS  BLANC, 

Secretary  to  the  Provisional  Government  of  1S48. 

Translated  by  WALTER  K.  KELLY. 

In  two  handsome  crown  octavo  volumes,  extra  cloth,  or  six  parts,  paper,  at  fifty  cents. 

This  is  a  remarkable  work.  The  ten  years,  1830-1840,  were  troubled,  stirring,  and  important  times  to  every 
European  nation— to  none  so  much  as  France.  *  *  #  "L'Hisloire  de  Dix  Ans"  is  one  of  those  works  so 
often  libelled  by  being  called  as  interesting  as  a  novel.  It  is  a  narrative  of  events,  real,  striking,  absorbing — 
the  subjects  of  immense  interest  to  all  readers — the  style  unusually  excellent. —  Foreign  Quarterly  Review. 


HISTORY  OF  THE  FRENCH  REVOLUTION  OF  1789, 

BY  LOUIS  BLANC, 

Author  of  "  France  under  Louis  Philippe,"  &c. 

TRANSLATED  FROM  THE  FRENCH. 

In  one  volume,  crown  octaTO. 


STEINMETZ'S  HISTORY  OF  THE  JESUITS. 


HISTORY    OF  THE    JESUITS. 

FROM   THE   FOUNDATION   OF  THEIR    SOCIETY   TO   ITS   SUP- 
PRESSION BY  POPE  CLEMENT  XIV.; 

THEIR  MISSIONS  THROUGHOUT  THE  WORLD;  THEIR  EDUCATIONAL  SYSTEM  AND 
LITERATURE ;  WITH  THEIR  REVIVAL  AND  PRESENT  STATE. 

By  ANDREW  STEINMETZ, 

Author  of  "The  Novitiate,"  and  "  The  Jesuit  in  the  Family." 
In  two  handsome  crown  octavo  volumes  of  about  four  hundred  pages  each,  extra  cloth. 


HERVEY'S  COURT^  OF  GEORGE  II. 

MEMOIRS  OF  THE  REIGN  OF  GEORGE  THE  SECOND, 

FROM  HIS  ACCESSION 

TO  THE  DEATH  OF  QUEEN  CAROLINE. 

BY  JOHN  LORD  HERVEY. 

EDITED,  FROM  THE  ORIGINAL  MANUSCRIPT,  AT  ICKWORTH, 

By  the  Right  Honorable  JOHN  WILSON  CROKER,  LL.  D.,  F.  R.  S.,  &c. 
In  two  handsome  volumes,  royal  13mo.,  extra  cloth. 


LEA  &  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


LIBRARY  OF  ILLUSTRATED  SCIENTIFIC  WORKS. 

UNDER  THIS  TITLE  LEA  &  BLANCHARD  ARE  PUULISIIING 

A  SERIES  OF  BEAUTIFULLY  ILLUSTRATED  WORKS, 

ON  VARIOUS  BRANCHES  OF  SCIENCE, 

BY    THE    MOST    DISTINGUISHED    MEN    IN    THEIR    RESPECTIVE    DEPARTMENTS, 

Printed  in  the  handsomest  style,  and  embellished  in  the  most  efficient  manner. 

f]3r"No  expense  has  been  or  will  be  spared  to  render  this  series  worthy  of  the  support  of  the  scientific  pub- 
lic, while  at  the  same  time  it  is  one  of  the  handsomest  specimens  of  typographical  and  artistic  execution 
which  have  appeared  in  this  country. 

Specimens  of  the  Engravings  and  style  of  the  volumes  may  be  had  on  application  to  the  publishers. 

MULLER'S  PHYSICS- LATELY  ISSUED. 

P  R I  N  C~I  P  L  E  S 

OF 

PHYSICS    AND    METEOROLOGY. 

BY  PROFESSOR  J.  MULLER,  M.  D. 

EDITED,  WITH  ADDITIONS,  BY  R.  EGLESFELD  GRIFFITH,  M.  D. 
In  one  large  and  handsome  octavo  volume,  with  550  wood-cuts,  and  two  colored  plates. 

This  is  a  book  of  no  ordinary  or  ephemeral  value.  It  is  one  of  a  series,  now  republishing  in  London,  on  the 
different  branches  of  science,  which  from  its  thorough  characler  and  extended  range,  is  much  needed  in 
this  country.  Its  design  is  lo  render  more  easily  accessible  an  extensive  kiiowledgeof  the  general  principles 
of  physics  and  meteorology  ;  and  the  distinguished  author  has  certainly  realized  the  design  to  a  wonderful 
extent.  The  subjects  treated  upon  are  very  numerous— statics,  hydrostatics  dynamics,  hydrodynamics,  pneu- 
matics, the  laws  of  the  motions  of  waves  in  general,  sound,  the  theory  of  musical  notes,  the  voice  and  hearing, 
geometrical  and  physical  optics,  magneiism,  electricity  and  galvanism,  in  all  their  subdivisions,  heat  and 
meteorology.  The  size  is  nevertheless  convenient— one  handsome  octavo  volume,  of  six  hundred  pages — 
in  clear,  bold  type,  and  profusely  illustrated.  In  the  execution  of  the  illustrations  we  have  rarely  seen  any 
thing  equal  lo  this  American  edition.— A'.  Y.  Comtnercial. 

This  IS  a  large,  elesani  and  most  admirable  volume — the  first  of  a  series  of  scientific  books  now  passings 
through  the  press  in  London,  and  which  cannot  tail  to  commend  themselves  to  the  favor  of  all  who  take  any 
interest  in  the  progress  of  science  among  the  great  mass  of  the  people.  The  author  is  one  of  the  most  distin- 
guished scieiUifie  men  in  Germany,  and  these  works  have  been  prepared  with  the  utmost  care,  and  are  put 
forth  in  a  form  admirably  adapted  lo  secure  that  wide  circulation  and  universal  favor  which  they  deserve. — 
JV.  y.  Courier  and  Inquirer. 

The  Physics  of  Muller  is  a  work  superb,  complete,  unique  :  the  greatest  want  known  to  English  Science 
could  nol  have  been  better  supplied.  The  work  is  of  surpassing  interest.  The  value  of  this  contribution  to 
the  scientific  records  of  this  country  may  be  duly  estimated  by  the  fact  that  the  cost  of  the  original  drawings 
and  engravings  alone  has  exceeded  the  sum  of  .£2  000  — ia«ff<. 

A  work  of  which  all  parties  may  be  proud — Colonization  Herald. 

An  excellent  work,  fully  and  elegantly  illustrated. — SiUiman''s  Journal. 

From  Professor  Renwick,  of  Princeton  Un  iversity. 

I  have  been  much  gratified  with  the  style  in  which  the  work  is  got  up  It  is  not  only  highly  creditable  to 
the  publishers,  in  comparison  with  other  American  books  of  a  similar  character,  but  will  stand  on  equality 
with  the  best  foreign  ediiions. 

From  Professor  W  H.  Bartlett,  U.  S.  Military  Academy,  West  Point. 
I  deem  this  work  a  most  valuable  addition  to  the  educational  facilities  of  the  country,  and  a  rich  source  of 
information  to  the  general  reader,  as  it  is  truly  an  elegant  specimen  of  typography. 

NOW  READY. 

PRACTICAL    PHARMACY. 

COMPRISING    THE    ARRANGEMENTS,  APPARATUS,  AND  MANIPULATIONS  OF  THE 
PHARMACEUTICAL    SHOP    AND    LABORATORY. 

BY  FRANCIS  MOHR,  Ph.  D., 

Assessor  Pharmacioe  of  the  Royal  Prussian  College  of  Medicine,  Coblentz; 

AND  THEOPHILUS  REDWOOD, 

Professor  of  Pharmacy  in  the  Pharmaceutical  Society  of  Great  Britain. 

EDITED,    WITH    EXTENSIVE    ADDITIONS, 

BY  PROFESSOR  WILLIAM  PROCTER, 

Of  the  Philadelphia  College  of  Pharmacy. 

In  one  handsomely  printed  octavo  volume,  of  570  pages,  with  over  600  engravings  on  wood. 

Such  a  manual  as  the  work  before  us  has  long  been  a  desideralum  in  this  country.  There  has  been  a  great 
want  of  a  proper  text-book  of  Pharmacy,  ami  to  this  want  may  be  atlrihuKul  much  of  the  ignorance  which 
prevails  on  this  suliject.  in  places  remote  from  the  large  cities.  The  minute  practical  instruction  which  it 
conveys,  will  introduce  a  new  era  in  the  shop  of  the  apothecary  throughout  the  United  States.  We  recom- 
mend it.  ill  the  strongest  manner,  lo  the  allention  of  the  apothecary  and  druggist,  as  well  as  to  the  physician 
who  prepares  his  own  pri-siTiptioiis.  as  a  unique  coinpendiumof  valuable,  practical  knowledge  in  Pharmacy. 
—  Transylvania  Med..  Journal,  August,  1849. 

In  preparation,  works  on  JfletaUur^y,  Food,  the  Steam  Engine,  Jflachines,  .Bstronomj/y 

Hural  Ecoiwmy,  A'c* 


LEA    &   BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


Library  of  Illustrated  Scientific  Works.     [Continued.) 

KNAPP'S  CHEMICAL  TECHNOLOGY. 

TECH  N"b  LOGY; 

OR,  CHEMISTRY  APPLIED  TO  THE  ARTS  AND  TO  MANUFACTURES. 

BY  DR.  F.  KNAPP, 

Professor  at  the  University  of  Giessen. 
Edited,  tctth  numerous  JVoteg  and  Additions,  by 

DR.  EDMUND  RONALDS  and  DR.  THOMAS  RICHARDSON. 
First  American  Edition,  witEi  IVotes  and  Additions, 

Bv  Professor  WALTER  R.  JOHNSON. 

In  two  handsome  octavo  volumes,  printed  and  illustrated  in  the  highest  style  of  art. 

Volume  One,  lately  published,  with  two  hundred  and  fourteen  large  wood  engravings. 

Volume  Two,  now  ready,  with  two  hundred  and  fiiiy  wood  engravings. 

One  of  the  best  works  of  modern  times. — Neip  York  Commercial. 

We  think  it  will  prove  the  most  popular,  as  it  is  decidedly  the  best  of  the  series.  Written  by  one  who  has 
for  many  years  studied  lioth  theoretically  and  practically  the  processes  which  he  describes,  the  descriptions 
are  precise,  and  conveyed  in  a  simple  unpretending  style,  so  that  they  are  easily  understood,  while  they  are 
sufficiently  full  in  detail,  to  include  within  them  everything  necessary  to  the  entire  comprehension  of  the 
operations.  The  work  is  also  carefully  brought  down  to  include  the  most  recent  improvements  introduced 
upon  the  continent  of  Europe,  and  thus  gives  us  full  descriptions  of  processes  to  which  reference  is  fre- 
quently made  in  other  works,  while  many  of  them  are.  we  believe,  now  for  the  first  time,  presented  in  a  com- 
plete slate  to  the  English  reader. —  Franklin  Institute  Journal. 

In  addition  to  the  valuable  scientific  matter  contained  in  the  original  ^vork,  very  extensive  American  addi- 
tions have  been  made  to  it  by  the  editor,  which  are  exceedingly  valuable,  and  of  much  interest  to  the  general 
reader.  The  publishers  have  spared  no  pains  in  bringing  out  a  work  of  superior  mechanical  execution 
and  rare  excellence,  with  numerous  skilfully  engraved  cuts,  designed  to  illustrate  the  various  subjects 
treated  in  this  work.  We  feel  confident  thai,  as  a  truly  useful  publication,  it  will  be  eagerly  sought  after  and 
highly  appreciated  — N.  Y.  Farmer  and  Mfchanic. 

We  had  the  pleasure  of  noticing,  in  a  former  number,  the  first  volume  of  this  excellent  work,  and  of  ex- 
pressing our  high  sense  of  its  value.  We  need  say  little  more,  therefore,  of  its  continuation,  than  that  it  fully 
sustains  the  character  of  its  predecessor,  both  in  regard  to  ihe  value  of  the  original  treatise,  and  the  number 
and  importance  of  the  additions  which  have  been  made  to  it  by  the  English  editors. — The  British,  and 
Foreign  Medico-  Chirurgical  Review. 

When  we  say  that  this  volume  begins  another  of  the  superb  "I>ibrary  of  Illustrated  Books,"  republished 
from  the  London  series  by  Lea  &,  Blanchard,  of  which  ftluller's  Physics  and  INIeteorology,  and  Weisbach's 
Mechanics  and  Engineering  (the  first  volume  of  the  latter),  have  already  appeared  ;  that  the  present  work  is 
on  a  subject  coming  home  to  the  business  and  bosoms,  because  to  the  economic  interests  of  Americans;  that 
its  American  editor  is  Prof  Walter  R.  Johnson,  who  has  enriched  it  with  numerous  valuable  additions,  the 
results  of  his  own  industrious  researches  in  the  technological  sciences  ;  and  that  it  is  illustrated  and  printed 
in  the  same  superb  style  which  marked  the  previous  works:— we  have  sufficiently  explained  to  our  readers 
the  value  of  a  work  which  will  not  need  any  other  commendation. —  North  American. 

No  mechanic,  student  of  chemistry,  miner,  or  miinufacturer  should  omit  purchasing  this  work.  It  will  be 
found  useful,  interesting,  and  instructive  to  all  —Fittsbttrgh  ComniercialJournal. 

WEISBACH'S   MECHANICS. 


PRINCIPLES  OF  THE 

MECHANICS  OF  MACHINERY  AND  ENGINEERLNG. 

By  Professor  JULIUS   WEISBACH. 

TRANSLATED  AND  EDITED  BY  PROFESSOR  GORDOiV,  OF  GLASGOW. 

First  American  Edition,  ^vitSs  Additions 

By  Professor  WALTER  R.  JOHNSON. 

IN  TWO  OCTAVO  VOLUMES,  BEAtJTIFULLY  PRINTED. 

Volume  One,  with  550  illustrations,  just  issued. 
Volume  Two,  with  350  illustrations,  now  ready. 

The  second  volume  of  this  work  embraces  the  application  of  the  Principles  of  Mechanics  to 
Roofs,  Bridges,  Platform  Scales,  Water  Powers,  Dams,  Water  Wheels,  Turbines,  Water  Engines, 
&c.  &c. 

This  work  is  one  of  the  n  os'  interesting  to  mathematicians  that  has  been  laid  before  us  for  some  time  ;  and 
we  may  safely  term  it  a  scientific  gem. —  The  Builder. 

The  most  valuable  conlribuiion  to  practical  science  that  has  yet  appeared  in  this  country. — Athentium. 

Unequalled  by  anything  of  the  kind  yet  produced  in  this  country— the  most  standard  book  on  meclianics, 
machinery  and  engineering  now  extant  —  N.  Y.  Commercial. 

In  every  way  worthy  o(  being  recommended  to  our  readers  —  Franklin  Institute  Journal. 

What  the  "  M^clianique  Celesie"  is  to  the  astronomer,  a  treasury  of  principles,  facts,  and  formulfe  on  which 
he  may  draw  on  almost  anv  and  every  occasion,  that  can  be  conceived  to  arise  in  the  field  either  of  demon- 
stration or  operation. — Methodist  Quarterly  Review. 

From,  Charles  H.  Haswell,  Esq.,  Engineer  in  Chief,  U.  S.  N. 

The  design  of  the  author  in  supplying  the  instructor  with  a  guide  forteaching,  and  the  studentwith  an  aux- 
iliary for  the  acquirement  of  the  science  of  mechanics,  has,  in  my  opinion,  been  attained  in  a  most  success- 
ful manner.  The  illustrations,  in  the  fullness  of  their  construction,  and  in  typographical  execution,  are 
without  a  parallel.  It  will  afford  me  much  pleasure  to  recommend  its  use  by  the  members  of  ihe  profession 
•with  which  I  am  eonnected. 


LEA  &  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS— (ScAoo/  Books.) 


SCHMITZ   &.   ZUMPT'S   CLASSICAL   SERIES. 


VOLUME  I. 

C.    JUI.II    C.ESARIS 

COMMENTARII  DE  BELLO  GALLICO. 

WITH  AN  INTKODUCTION,  NOTES,  AND  A  GEOGRA- 
PHICAL INDEX  IN  ENGLISH. 
ALSO, 
A  MAP  OF  GAUL,  AND  ILLUSTRATIVE  ENGRAVINGS 
In  one  handsome  l^mo.  volume  of  'Zi2  pages,  extra 
cloth,  price  50  cents. 


VOLUiME  IV.-(Now  Ready.) 

LATIN    GRAMMAR. 

BY  LEONHARD  SCHMITZ,  PH.  D.,  F.R.S.  £., 

KECTOR  OF  THE  HIGH  SCHOOL,  EDINBURGH. 

[n  one  handsome  Igmo.  vol.  of  318  pages,  neatly  half 
bound,  price  60  cents. 


VOT-UME  v.— (Now  Ready  ) 

(i.  Curtii  Riifi  de  Gestis  Alrxandri  Magni 
Libri  qui  Supersunt  VIII. 

With  a  Map,  Notes,  Intro'luction,  Illustrations,  ^c 
In  one  handsome  ISmo.  vol.,  extra  cloth. 


VOLUME  VI  -(Nearly  Ready.) 

M.  T.  CICERONIS  ORMIONES  SELECT/E. 

W(th  Introduction  and   I^'otes. 
In  one  handsome  ISmo.  volume. 


VOLUME  TI. 

PUBLII  VIRGILH  MARONIS  CARMINA. 

WITH  AN  INTRODUCTION  AND  NOTES. 

In  one  handsome  18ino.  vol.  of  438  pages,  extra  cloth 

price  75  cenls. 

VOLUME  III. 

C.    CRISPI    SALI.ITSTII 

CATILINA    ET  JUGURTHA. 

WITH  INTRODUCTION   AND   NOTES  IN  ENGLISH. 

ALSO, 

A  MAP  OF  NUMIDIA,  AND  OTHER  ILLUSTRATIVE 

ENGRAVINGS. 

In  one  handsome  ISmo.  vol.  of  IGS  pages,  exira  cloth 
price  50  cents. 

The  neatness,  cheapness,  and  accuracy  of  this  series,  lojcether  with  its  skillful  adapiation  to  the  wants  both 
of  teacher  and  pupil,  have  secured  lor  it  the  almost  universal  approbaiion  of  those  to  whom  the  voUimes  have 
been  submitted.  From  among  the  very  numerous  testimonials  in  its  favor  which  the  publishers  have  re- 
ceived they  append  piie  or  two. 

From  Prof.  A.  S.  Packard.  Bnn-doin  College.  Brunswick.  Me..  March  8,  1S49. 

I  cannot  refrain  longer  from  commuiiicalmg  to  you  the  highly  favorable  impression  which  they  have  made 
upon  me.  I  see  nothingto  desire  in  the  general  style  of  these  editions.  I  know  of  no  others,  which  lor  neat- 
ness and  cheapness,  and  sufficient  helps  for  the  student,  surpass  them.  I  am  exceedingly  pleased  with  the 
good  taste,  clear  and  precise  statements,  and  sound  scholarship,  which  distinguish  the  notes.  As  school 
classics  I  regard  thein  as  models. 

From  Prof.  Roche,  Transylvania  University.  Lfxington.  Ky..  March  ."31.  1849. 

Whatever  influence  my  position  may  give  me,  shall  be  most  cheerfully  employed  in  bringing  info  general 
use  in  the  West  these  very  valuable  works.  I  trust  that  you  will  prosecute  to  a  close  the  proposed  series, 
and  that  the  execution  of  those  that  remain  to  complete  a  Latin  Curriculum  may  be  as  neat  and  in  all  res- 
pects as  unexceptionable  as  that  of  those  already  published. 


VOLUME  VII.- (Nearly  Ready  ) 

INTRODUCTION  TO  LATIN  GRAMMAR. 

BY  LEONHARD  SCHMITZ,  Ph.  D.,  F.  R.  S.  E..  &c. 
In  one  handsome  19mo.  volume. 


BOL  MAR'S    FREXCII    SERIES. 

New  editions  of  the  following  work.o.  by  A.  Bolmar,  forming,  in  connection  with  "Bolmar's  Levizac,"  a 

complete  series  for  the  acquisition  of  the  French  language: — 

A  SELECTION  OF  ONE  HUNDRED  PERRIN'S  FABLES,  AcroMPAKiED  by  a  Key,  containing  the  text, 
a  literal  and  free  translation,  arranged  in  such  a  manner  as  to  point  out  the  difference  between  the  French 
and  English  idiom,  &c.,  in  one  vol.  l'2mo. 

A  COLLECTION  OF  COLLOQUIAL  PHRASES,  ox  every  topic  necessary  to  maintain  conversa- 
tion. Arranged  under  dilTerent  heads,  with  numtrous  remarks  on  the  peculiar  pronuncialioii  and  u.ses  of 
various  words;  the  whole  so  disposed  as  considerably  to  (acilitate  the  acquisition  of  a  correct  pronuncia- 
tion of  the  French,  in  one  vol.  ISmo. 

LES  AVENTURE.S  DE  TELEMAQUE,  PAR  FENELON.  in  one  vol.  12mo  ,  accompanied  by  a  Key  to 
the  first  eight  books,  in  one  vol.  IWino  .  containing,  like  the  Fables,  the  text,  a  literal  aiiu  tree  translation, 
intended  as  a  sequel  to  the  Fables.     Either  volume  sold  separately. 

ALL  THE  FRENCH  VERBS,  both  regular  and  irregular,  in  a  small  volume. 


HERSCHEL'S  OUTLINES  OF  ASTRONOMY.     (Now  ready.)    In  one  handsome  volume,  crown  Svo., 

with  six  plates  and  numerous  wood-cuts. 
HERSCHEL"S  TREATISE  ON  ASTRONOMY.    In  one  12mo.  vol.,  half  bound,  with  plates  and  cuts. 
BREWSTER'S  ELEMENTS  OF  OPTICS.    In  one  vol.  12mo.,  half  bound,  with  many  woodcuts. 
MULLER'S  PRINCIPLES  OF  PHYSICS  AND    METEOROLOGY.    In   one  large   and  handsome   Svo 

volume,  with  510  woodcuts  and  two  colored  plates. 
BIRDS  ELEMENTS  OF  NATURAL  PHILOSOPHY.    In  one  large  and  handsome  royal  12ino.  volume, 

with  .372  wood  cuts. 
ARNOTT'S  ELEMENTS  OF  PHYSICS.    In  one  8vo  volume,  with  numerous  wood-cuts. 
FOWNE'S  CHEMISTRY  FOR  STUDENTS.    In  one  large  royal  12mo.  volume,  with  nearly  two  hundred 

wood-cuts. 
BUTLER'S  ANCIENT  ATLAS.    In  one  Svo.  volume,  half  bound,  with  twenty-one  colored  quarto  maps. 
BUTLER'S  ANCIENT  GEOGRAPHY.    In  one  royal  12mo  volume,  half  bound. 
WHITE'S  ELEMENTS  OF  UNIVERSAL  HISTORY.    Edited  by  J.  S.  Hart,  LL.  D.    In  one  large  royal 

12mo.  volume,  half  bound. 
SOMERVILLE'S  PHYSICAL  GEOGRAPHY.    In  one  royal  lamo.  volume. 
SHAW'S  OUTLINES  OF  ENGLISH  LITERATURE.     In  one  large  royal  12mo.  volume. 

From  the  Rev.  W.  G.  T.  Shedd.  ProA-.^or  of  Englifh  LIternture  in  the  University  of  Vermont 

I  take  great  pleasure  in  saying  that  it  supplies  a'want  ihat  has  long  existed  of  a  brief  history  of  English 
Literature,  written  in  the  right  method  and  spirit,  to  serve  as  an  introduction  to  the  critical  study  of  it.  1  shall 
recommend  the  book  to  my  classes, 

Burlington,  May  16,  lb49. 


10  LEA  &  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS.— (Law  Books:) 

SPENCE'S    EQUITY    JURISDICTION. 

THE  EQUITABLE  JURISDICTION  OF  THE  COURT  OF  CHANCERY,  comprising  its  rise,  progress, 
and  final  establishment.  To  which  is  prefixed,  with  a  view  to  the  elucidation  of  the  main  subject,  a  con- 
cise account  of  the  leading  doctrines  of  the  common  law,  and  of  the  course  of  procedure  in  the  courts  of 
common  law,  with  regard  to  civil  rights;  with  an  attempt  to  trace  them  to  their  sources;  and  in  which  the 
various  alterations  made  by  the  legislature  down  to  the  preseii'  day  are  noticed.  By  Gtsorge  Spence,  Esq., 
one  of  her  majesty's  counsel.  In  two  octavo  volumes.  Volume  I.,  embracing  the  Principles,  is  now  ready. 
Volume  II.  is  rapidly  preparing,  and  will  appear  shortly. 


NEW    EDITION    OF    EAST'S    REPORTS. 

REPORTS  OF  CASES  ADJUDGED  AND  DETERMINED  IN  THE  COURT  OF  KING'S  BENCH. 

With  tables  of  the  names  of  the  cases  and  principal  matters.  By  Edward  Hyde  East,  Esq.,  of  the  Inner 
Temple,  Barrister  at  Law.  Edited,  with  notes  and  references,  by  G.  M.  VViiaKton,  Esq  ,  of  the  Philadel- 
phia Bar.  In  eight  large  royal  octavo  volumes,  bound  in  best  law  sheep,  raised  bands  and  double  lilies. 
Price,  10  subscribers,  only  iwemy-five  dollars. 


HILL    ON    TRUSTEES. 

A  PRACTICAL  TREATISE  ON  THE  LAW  RELATING  TO  TRUSTEE?,  their  powers  duties,  privi- 
leges and  liabilities.  By  James  Hill,  Esq..  of  the  Inner  Temple.  Barrister  at  Law.  Edited  by  FKA^■cls  J. 
Tkoubat,  of  the  Philadelphia  Bar.    In  one  large  octavo  volume,  best  law  slieep,  raised  bauds. 


ADDISON     ON     CONTRACTS. 

A  TREATISE  ON  THE  LAW  OF  CONTRACTS  AND  RIGHTS  AND  LIABILITIES  EX  CON- 
TRACTU. By  C.  G.  Addisun,  Esq.,  of  the  Inner  Temple,  Barrister  at  Law.  In  one  volume,  octavo,  hand- 
somely bound  in  law  sheep. 


IIILI.IARD    OIV   REAI.    ESTATE.     Irately  Publislied. 

THE  AMERICAN  LAW  OF  REAL  PROPERTY.  Second  edition,  revised,  corrected,  and  enlarged. 
By  Francis  Hilliard,  Counsellor  at  Law.  In  two  large  octavo  volumes,  beautifully  printed,  and  bound  in 
best  law  sheep. 


HOLTHOUSE'S    DICTIONARY. 

A  NEW  LAAV  DICTIONARY,  containing  explanations  of  such  technical  terms  and  phrases  as  occur  in 
the  works  of  legal  authors,  in  the  practice  of  the  courts,  and  in  the  parliamentary  proceedings  of  the  House 
of  I<ords  and  Commons;  to  which  is  added,  an  outline  of  an  action  at  law  and  of  a  suit  in  equity.  By  Hen- 
KY  James  HoLTHOnsE,  Esq.,  of  the  Inner  Temple,  Special  Pleader.  Edited  from  the  second  and  enlarged 
London  edi  ion,  with  numerous  additions,  by  Henry  Peninuton,  of  the  Philadelphia  Bar.  In  one  large 
volume,  royal  12mo.,  of  about  5U0  pages,  double  columns,  handsomely  bound  in  law  sheep. 


WHEATON'S    INTERNATIONAL     LAW. 

ELEMENTS  OF  INTERNATIONAL  LAW.  By  Henry  Wheaton,  LL.  D.,  Minister  or  the 
United  States  at  the  Court  of  Russia,  &c.  Third  edition,  revised  and  corrected.  In  one  large 
and  beautiful  octavo  volume  of  650  pages,  extra  cloth,  or  fine  law  sheep. 


TAYLOR'S    TOXICOLOGY. 

ON  POISONS  IN  RELATION  TO  MEDICAL  JURISPRUDENCE  AND  MEDICINE.  By  Al- 
fred S.  Taylor,  F.  R.  S.,  Lecturer  on  Medical  Jurisprudence  and  Chemistry  in  Guy's  Hospital, 
and  author  of  "  Medical  Jurisprudence,"  &c.  &c.  Edited,  with  notes  and  additions,  by  R. 
Eglesfeld  Griffith,  M.  D.  In  one  large  octavo  volume,  to  match  the  "Medical  Jurispru- 
dence" of  the  same  author. 


TAYLOR'S    MEDICAL    JURISPRUDENCE. 

A  PRACTICAL  TREATISE  ON  MEDICAL  JURISPRUDENCE.  By  Alfred  S.  Taylor,  Lec- 
turer on  Medical  Jurisprudence  and  Chemistry  at  Guy's  Hospital,  London.  With  numerous 
rotes  and  additions,  and  references  to  American  law,  by  R.  E.  Griffith,  M.D.  In  one  volume, 
octavo,  neat  law  sheep. 


A     NEW    WORK    ON     COURTS     MARTIAL. 

A  TREATISE  ON  AMERICAN  MILITARY  LAW,  AND  THE  PRACTICE  OF  COURTS- 
MVRTIAL,  WITH  SUGGESTIONS  FOR  THEIR  IMPROVEMENT.  By  John  O'Brien, 
Lieutenant  United  States  Artillery.    In  one  octavo  volume,  extra  cloth,  or  law  sheep. 


LEA  &  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS— (IVa/wraZ  Science.)  11 

BIRD'S   ELEMENTS    OF    NATURAL    PHILOSOPHY. 

BEING     AN     EXPERIMENTAL     INTRODUCTION     TO     THE      PHYSICAL     SCIENCES. 

Illustrated  with  372  Wood-cuts. 
From  the  third  London  edition.     In  one  large  royal  12mo.  volume  of  402  pages. 


AnNOTT'3   ELEiyiENTS    OF    FHVSICS; 

OR,   NATURAL    PHILOSOPHY,   GENERAL    AND   MEDICAL. 

VVritleii  for  universal  use.  in  plain  or  noii-lcclinical  language. 

A  NEW  EDITION.     BY  I.  HAYS,  M.  D. 

Complete  in  one  octavo  volume,  of  four  hundred  and  eighty-four  pages,  with  200  cuts. 

MULLER'S   PRINCIPLES    OF   PHYSICS   AND    METEOROLOGY. 

In  one  large  octavo  volume,  with  550  woodculs,  and  two  colored  plates. 

ANSTED'S  ANCIENT  WORLD;  OR  PICTURESQUE  SKETCHES  OF  CREATION. 

In  one  very  neat  volume,  royal  12nio.,  3S2  pages,  with  150  cuts. 

BREWSTER'S    ELEMENTS    OF    OPTICS. 

Edited  by  A.  D.  BACHE,  LL.  D.     In  one  vol.,  12mo.,  423  pages,  many  cuts. 

HERSCHEL'S    TREATISE    ON    ASTRONOMY. 

Edited  by  S.  C.  WALKER.    In  one  volume,  12mo.,  417  pages,  many  plates  and  cuts. 

HERSCHEL'S    OUTLINES    OF    ASTRONOMY. 

In  one  crown  8vo.  volume,  with  plates  and  cuts.    (Now  Ready.) 

PHILOSOPHY   IN   SPORT  MADE  SCIENCE   IN   EARNEST. 

In  one  royal  ISino.  volume,  430  pages,  many  cuts. 
WEISBACII'S  PRI]\CIPI.ES  OF  MECHANICS. 

AI'PLllOD  TO  MACHINERY  AND  ENGINEERING. 
Edited  by  WALTER  R.  JOHNSON.     In  two  magnificent  vols.,  with  900  wood-cuts. 


KNAPP'S    CHEMICAL    TECHNOLOGY| 
Or.  Chemistry  Jlpplied  to  the  Jlrts  and  to  Jfl an u fa c l itr es. 

Edited  by  WALTER  R.  JOHNSON.     In  two  magnificent  vols.,  with  500  wood-cuts. 

KIRBY  AND  SPENCE'S  INTRODUCTION  TO  ENTOMOLOGY; 

OR    ELEMENTS   OF    THE    NATURAL    HISTORY    OF    INSECTS. 

Comprising  an  Account  of  Noxious  and  Useful  Insects;  of  their  Metamorphoses,  Food,  Stratagems.,  Habitci' 

tions,  Societies,  Motions.  Noises,  Hybernation,  Instinct,  ^c.  ^c. 

With  Plates,  Plain  or  Colored. 

In  one  large  octavo  volume,  of  six  hundred  pages. 


CARPENTER'S  POPULAR  VEGETABLE  PHYSIOLOGY. 

In  one  volume,  royal  12mo.,  many  cuts. 

GniFFITH'S  CHEMISTRY^  OF  THE  FOUR  SEJISOjyS. 
An  Essay  concerning  Natural  Phenomena  admitting  oj  Interpretation  by  Chemical  Science. 
I      In  one  handsome  royal  12mo.  volume  of  four  hundred  and  fifty  pages,  with  sixty-seven  cuts. 

SOMERVILLE'S    PHYSICAL    GEOGRAPHY. 

In  one  very  neat  volume,  royal  12mo.,  with  three  hundred  and  eighty  pages, 
Mrs.  Sotnerville's  best  and  most  interesting  work. — North  American . 
A  mass  of  curious  and  valuable  information  —  Pittsburg  Morning  Chronicle. 

SMJil^l.  BOOKS  O.V  QREJiT  SURJECTS. 

Forming  three  handsome  volumes,  royal  ]2mo. 
Embracing  twelve  Treatises,  on  Iniellectual  Science,  Philosophy,  Insanity,  Organic  Chemistry,  Greek 
Philosophy,  Early  Christianity,  Modern  Vulgar  Errors,  Vegetable  Physiology,  Criminal  Law,  Chrisliaa 
Seels,  and  Principles  of  Grammar.    Any  one  sold  separate,  price  25  cents. 

HALE'S    ETHNOGRAPHY    AND    PHILOLOGY. 

Being  Volume  VII.  of  the  Ptiblications  of  the  U.  S.  Exploring  Expedition. 
In  one  very  handsome  volume,  imperial  quarto. 

DANA    ON    CORALS. 

Being  Volume  VIII.  of  the  Publications  of  the  United  States  Exploring  Expedition. 
In  one  very  handsome  volume,  imperial  quarto,  with  wood-cuts. 

ATLAS    TO    DANA    ON    CORALS. 

Being  Volume  IX.  of  the  Publications  of  the  United  States  Exploring  Expedition. 
In  one  volume,  imperial  folio,  of  over  sixty  colored  plates.     (Now  Ready.) 

BRODERIP'S  ZOOLOGICAL  RECREATIONS. 

In  one  royal  12mo.  volume  of  376  pages. 

COLERIDGE'S    THEORY   OF    LIFE. 

In  one  small  volume.    (Just  Issued.) 


TO  THE  MEDICAL  PROFESSION. 

The  following  list  embraces  works  on  Medical  and  other  Science?  issued  by  the  subscribers.  They  are  to 
be  met  with  at  all  the  principal  bookstores  throughout  the  Union,  and  will  be  found  as  low  in  price  as  is  con- 
•istent  with  the  correctness  of  their  printing,  beauty  of  execution,  illustration,  ami  durability  of  binding.  No 
prices  are  here  mentioneil,  there  being  no  fixed  standard,  as  it  is  evident  that  books  cannot  be  retailed  at  the 
same  rate  in  New  Orleans  or  Chicago  as  in  Philadelphia.  Detailed  catalogues,  however,  or  any  informa- 
tion relative  to  size,  cost,  &c.,  can  be  had  on  application,  free  of  postage,  to  the  subscribers,  or  to  any  of  the 
medical  booksellers  throughout  the  country.  LEA  &  BLANCHARD,  Philadelphia. 


DICTIONARIES  km  JOURMIS. 

American  Journal  of  the  Medical  Sciences,  quar- 
terly, at  $5  a  year. 

Cyclopaedia  of  Practical  Medicine,  by  Forbes, 
Tweedie,  &c.,  edited  by  Dunglison,  in  4  super 
royal   volumes,  3154  double  columned  pages. 

Dunglison's  Medical  Dictionary,  7th  ed.,  1  vol. 
imp.8vo.,912  large  pages,  double  columns. 

Hoblyn's  Dictionary  of  Medical  Terms,  by  Hays, 
1  vol.  large  12mo.,  402  pages,  double  columns. 

Medical  News  and  Library,  monthly,  at  $1  ayear. 

ANATOMY. 

Anatomical  Atlas,  by  Smith  and  Horner,  large 
imp.  8vo.,  650  figures.    New  and  cheaper  ed. 

Horner's  Special  Anatomy  and  Histology,  7th 
edition,  2  vols.  8vo.,  many  cuts,  1130  pages. 

Horner's  United  States  Dissector,  1  vol.  large 
royal  12mo.,  many  cuts,  444  pages. 

Maclise's  Surgical  Anatomy,  Part  I.,  8  plates, 
imp.  4to.     (To  be  complete  in  8  parts.) 

Sharpey  and  Quain's  Anatomy,  by  Leidy,  2  vols. 
Svo.,  1300  pages,  511  wood-cuts.    Now  ready. 

Wilson's  Human  Anatomy,  by  Goddard,  4th  edi- 
tion, 1  vol.  8vo.,  252  wood-cuts,  580  pp. 

Wilson's  Dissector,  or  Practical  and  Surgical 
Anatomy,  with  cuts,  1  vol.  12mo.,  444  pages. 

PHYSIOLOGY. 

Carpenter's  Principles  of  Human  Physiology,  by 

Clymer,  1  vol.  8vo.,  752  pp.,  317  illustrations, 

3d  edition,  much  improved  and  enlarged. 
Carpenter's  Elements,  or  Manual  of  Physiology, 

1  vol.  8vo.,  566  pages,  many  cuts. 
Dunglison's  Human  Physiology,  6th   edition,  2 

vols.  Svo.,  1350  pages,  and  370  wood-cuts. 
Harrison  on  the  Nerves,  1  vol.  8vo.,  292  pages. 
Kirkes  and   Paget's  Physiology,   1   vol.   12mo., 

many  cuts,  550  pages. 
Matteucci  on  the  Physical  Phenomena  of  Living 

Beings,  1  vol.   12mo.,  3S8  pp.,  cuts. 
Roget's  Outlines  of  Physiology,  Svo.,  516  pages. 
Solly  on  the  Brain,  1  vol.  8vo.,  496  pp.,  118  cuts. 
Todd  and  Bowman's  Physiological  Anatomy  and 

Physiology  of  Man,  with  numerous  wood-cuts. 

(Publishing  in  the  Medical  News.) 

PATHOLOGY. 

Abercrombieon  the  Stomach,  1  vol,  8vo.,  320pp. 
Abercrombie  on  the  Brain,  1  vol.  8vo.,  324  pp. 
Alison's  Outlines  of  Pathology,  &c.,  8vo.,  420  pp. 
Blakiston  on  Diseases  of  the  Chest,  1  vol.,  384  pp. 
Bennet  on  the  Uterus,  1  vol.  12mo.,  146  pages. 
Blood  and  Urine  Manuals,  by  Reese,  Griffith,  and 

Markwick,  1  vol.  12mo.,  462  pages,  6  plates. 
Budd  on  the  Liver,  1  vol.  8vo.,  392  pages,  plates 

and  wood-cuts. 
Burrows  on   Cerebral  Circulation,   1  vol.   8vo., 

216  pages,  with  6  colored  plates. 
Billing's  Principles,  1  vol.  8vo.,  304  pages. 
Bird  on  Urinary  Deposits,  8vo.,  228  pages,  cuts. 
Hasse's  Pathological  Anatomy,  8vo.,  379  pages. 
Hope  on  the  Heart,  by  Pennock,  a  new  edition, 

with  plates,  1  vol.  Svo.,  572  pages. 
Hughes  on  the  Lungs  and   Heart,  1  vol.  12mo., 

270  pages,  with  a  plate. 
Lallemand  on  Spermatorrhoea;  1  vol. Svo. ,  320  pp. 
Mitchell  on  Fevers,  1  vol.  12mo.,  138  pages. 
Philip  on  Protracted  Indigestion,  8vo.,  240  pp. 
Philips  on  Scrofula,  1  vol.  Svo.,  350  pages, 
12 


Prout  on  the  Stomach  and  Renal  Diseases,  1  vol. 

8vo.,  466  pages,  colored  plates, 
Ricord  on  Venereal,  new  ed.,  1  vol.  8vo.,  340  pp. 
Stanley   on   Diseases  of  the   Bones,   1  vol,  Svo. 

(Now  ready.) 
Vcigel's  Pathological   Anatomy   of   the  Human 

Body,    1   vol.  8vo.,  536  pages,  col.  plates. 
Walshe  on  the  Lungs,  1  vol.  ]2mo.,  310  pages. 
Wilson  on  the  Skin,  1  vol.  Svo.,  new  ed.,  440  pp. 

Same  work,  with  colored  plates. 
Whitehead  on  Sterility  and  Abortion,  1  vol.  8vo., 

368  pages. 
Williams'  Principles  of  Medicine,  by  Clymer,  2d 

edition,  440  pages,   1  vol.  Svo. 
Williams  on  the  Respiratory  Organs,  by  Clymer, 

1  vol.  8vo.,  500  pages. 

PRACTICE  OP  MEDICINE. 

Ashwell  on  Females,  2d  ed.,  1  vol.  8vo.,  520  pp. 
Bartlett  on  Fevers,  2d  edition,  550  pages. 
Benedict's  Compendium  of  Chapman's  Lectures, 

1  vol,  8vo.,  258  pages. 
Chapman  on  Fevers,  Gout,  Dropsy,  &c.  &c.,  1  vol. 

Svo.,  450  pages. 
Colombat  de  L'Isfere  on  Females,  translated  and 

edited  by  Meigs,  1  vol.  8vo.,  720  pages,  cuts. 
Condie  on  the  Diseases  of  Children,  2d  edition,! 

vol.  Svo.,  658  pages. 
Churchill  on  the  Diseases  of  Females,  by  Huston, 

4th  edition,  1  vol.  Svo.,  604  pages. 
Clymer  and   others  on  Fevers,  a  complete  work 

in  1  vol.  8vo.,  600  pages. 
Day  on  Old  Age,  1  vol.  8vo.,  226  pages. 
Dewees  on  Children,  9th  ed.,  I  vol.  8vo.,  548  pp. 
Dewees  on  Females,  9th  edition,  1  vol.  Svo. ,532 

pages,  with  plates. 
Dunglison's   Practice  of  Medicine,  3d   edition, 

2  vols.  Svo.,  1500  pages. 

Esquirol  on  Insanity,  by  Hunt,  Svo.,  496  pages. 
Meigs'   Letters  on  Diseases  of  Females,  1   vol. 

Svo.,  670  pages.     A  new  work,  1848. 
Meigs  on  Certain  Diseases  of  Infancy,  1  vol  Svo. 

A  new  work,  preparing,  184S. 
Thomson  on  the  Sick  Room,  &c.,   1  vol.  large 

12mo.,  360  pages,  cuts. 
Watson's  Principles  and  Practice  of  Physic,  3d 

edition  by  Condie,  1  vol.  Svo. ,1060  large  pages. 
West's  Lectures  on  the  Diseases  of  Infancy  and 

Childhood.     1  vol.  8vo.,  452  pp.  (Now  ready.) 

SURGERY. 

Brodie  on  Urinary  Organs,  1  vol,  8vo.,  214  pages. 
Brodie  on  the  Joints,  1  vol.  Svo.,  216  pages, 
Brodie's  Lectures  on  Surgery,  1  vol,  Svo,,  350  pp. 
Brodie's  Select  Surgical  Works,  780  pp,  1  vol .  Svo. 
Chelius'  System  of  Surgery,  by  South  and  Norris, 

in  3  large  Svo,  vols,,  near  2200  pages, 
Cooperon  Dislocations  and  Fractures,  1  vol,  Svo., 

500  pages,  many  cuts. 
Cooper  on  Hernia,  1  vol,  imp,  8vo,,  many  plates. 
Cooper  on  the  Testis  and  Thymus  Gland,  1  vol. 

imperial  Svo,,  many  plates. 
Cooper  on  the  Anatomy  and  Diseases  ofthe  Breast, 

Surgical  Papers,  &c.  &c.,  1  vol.  imp.  8vo.,  pl'ts. 
Druitt's  Principles  and  Practice  of  Modern  Sur- 
gery, 1  vol.  Svo.,  576  pages,  193  cuts,  4th  ed. 
Dufton  on  Deafness  and  Disease  ot  the  Ear,  1  vol. 

12mo.,  120  pages. 
Durlacher  on  Corns,  Bunions,  &c.,  12mo.,134  pp. 
Fergusson's  Practical   Surgery,   1   vol.  Svo.,  3d 

edition  630  pages,  274  cuts. 


LEA  &  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


13 


Guthrie  on  the  Bladder,  8vo.,  150  pages. 
Jones'   Ophthalmic   Medicine    and   Surgery,   by 

Hays,  1  vol.  12mo.,  529  pp.,  cuts,  and  plates. 
Liston's  Lectures  on  Surgery,  by  Miitter,  1  vol. 

8vo.,  566  pages,  many  cuts. 
Lawrence  on  the   Eye,  by  Hays,  new  edition, 

much  improved,  863  pages,  many  cuts&  plates. 
Lawrence  on  Ruptures,  1  vol.  8vo.,  480  pages. 
Miller's  Principles  of  Surgery, 2d  edition,  1  vol. 

8vo.,538pp.,  1848. 
Miller's  Practice  of  Surgery,  1  vol.  8vo.,  496  pp. 
Maury's  Dental  Surgery,  1  vol.  8vo.,  286  pages, 

many  plates  and  cuts. 
Robertson  on  the  Teeth,  1  vol.  8vo.,  230  pp.,  pts. 
Sargent's  Minor  Surgery,  1  vol.  royal  12mo.,  380 

pages,  128  cuts. 

MATERIA  MEDICA  AND  THERAPEUTICS. 

Christison's  and  Gritfith's  Dispensatory,  1  large 

vol,  8vo.,  216  cuts,  over  1000  pages. 
Dunglison's  Materia  Medica  and  Therapeutics,  a 

new  ed.,  with  cuts,  2  vols.  8vo.,  986  pages. 
Dunglison  on  New  Remedies,  5th  ed.,  1  vol.Svo., 

653  pages. 
Ellis'  Medical  Formulary,  9th  ed.,  much  improv- 
ed, 1  vol.  8vo.,  268  pages. 
Griffith's  Universal  Formulary,  1  large  vol.,  8vo. 

(Nearly  ready.) 
Griffith's  Medical  Botany,  a  new  work,  1  large 

vol.  8vo.,  704  pp.,  with  over  350  illustrations. 
Mayne's  Dispensatory  and  Formulary,  by  Griffith, 

1  vol.  12mo.,  330  pages.     A  new  work. 
Mohr,  Redwood,  and  Procter's  Pharmacy,  1  vol. 

8vo.,  550  pages,  506  cuts. 
Pereira's  Materia  Medica,  by  Carson,  2d  ed.,  2 

vols.  8vo.,  1580  large  pages,  300  cuts. 
Royle's  Materia  Medica  and   Therapeutics,  by 

Carson,  1  vol.  8vo.,  689  pages,  many  cuts. 

OBSTETRICS. 

Churchill's  Theory  and  Practice  of  Midwifery,  by 

Huston,  3d  ed.,  1  vol.  8vo.,  526  pp.,  many  cuts. 
Dewees'  System  of  Midwifery,  11th  ed.,  1  vol. 

8vo.,  660  pages,  with  plates. 
Lee's  Clinical  Midwifery,  12mo.,238  pages. 
Meigs'  Obstetrics;  the  Science  and  the  Art;   1 

vol.  8vo.,  686  pages,  121  cuts. 
Ramsbotham  on  Parturition,  with  many  plates,  1 

large  vol.  imperial  8vo.,  520  pages. 
Smith  (Tyler)  on  Parturition,  1  vol.,  400  pages. 

CHEMISTRY  AND  HYGIENE. 

Bowman's    Practical  Chemistry,   1    vol.    12mo., 
97  cuts,  350  pages. 

Brigham  on  Excitement, &c.,  1  vol.l2mo.,  204  pp. 

Dunglison  on  Human  Health,  2d  ed.,8vo.,  464  pp. 

Fowne's  Elementary  Chemistry  for  Students,  2d 
ed.,  1  vol.  royal  12mo.,  460  pages,  many  cuts. 

Gardner's  Manual  of  Medical  Chemistry,  1  vol. 
12mo.,  cuts.     400  pp. 

Griffith's  Chemistry  of  the  Four  Seasons,  1  vol. 
royal  12mo.,  451  pages,  many  cuts. 

Knapp's  Chemical  Technology,  by  Johnson,  Vol. 
L,  8vo.,  504  pp.,  214  large  cuts. 

Neill  and  Smith's  Analytical  Compend  of  Practical  Medicine,  Surgery,  Anatomy,  Midwifery,  Dis- 
eases of  Women  and  Children,  Materia  Medica  and  Therapeutics,  Physiology,  Chemistry,  and 
Pharmacy,  with  numerous  illustrations,  1  vol.  12iiio.,  900  pages.    350  illustrations. 

MEDICAL    BOOKS    IN    PRESS. 

De  Jongh  on  Cod  I-iver  Oil,  I  vol.  12nio.  (Nearly  ready.)  West  on  llie  Diseases  of  InTancy.  (Pnblishinfjin 
the  "Medical  News  and  liiiirary.")  Barlow's  Praclice  of  Medieine,.  In  one  vol.  Hvo  (Preparing  I  Colding 
Bird's  Therapeutics  (Preparinj^.)  Cniircliill  on  the  ManaKemenl  and  Diseases  of  Infancy  and  Childhood. 
(Preparing  )  Carpenter's  Principles  of  (ieiieral  and  Coniparaiive  Physiology.  In  one  large  8vo.  vol..  many 
cuts.  (Preparing  )  Griffith's  Universal  Formulary  and  Pharmacy.  In  one  large  Hvo  vol.  (In  press  )  Still6'.s 
General  and  Special  i'herapeutics.  In  one  vol  Hvo  (E'reparing.)  Todd  and  Ho winnii's  Ph>.«iological  Ana- 
tomy and  Physiology  of  Man.  (  Three-fourths  of  this  has  lieeii  pudlished  in  the  .Medical  News  and  Library.") 
A  complete  work  on  the  Sirnclure  and  Diseases  of  the  Har  Malgaigne's  Operative  j'urgery.  In  one  vol.  hvo. 
De  [,a  Beche's  Geology,  with  many  illustrations.  A  new  work  on  i'opular  iVIedieine,  one  vol.  bvo.  A  Cyclo- 
pedia of  Anatomy  and  Physiology,  based  on  the  large  work  of 'J'odd.  Graham's  Chemistry,  by  I5ridges.  2d 
edition,  much  enlarged.  One  vol.  8vo.,  several  hundred  cuts.  Meigs  on  some  of  the  more  imponaul  dis- 
eases of  lufauts,  (nearly  ready,)  and  other  works. 


Vol.  II.,  8vo.,  426  pp.,  246  cuts. 
Simon's  Chemistry  of  Man,  8vo.,  730  pp.,  plates. 

MEDICAL  JURISPRUDENCE,  EDUCATION,  &c. 

Bartlett's  Philosophy  of  Medicine,  1  vol.  Svo., 

312  pages. 
Bartlett  on   Certainty  in  Medicine,  1  vol.  small 

8to.,  84  pages. 
Dunglison's  Medical  Student,  2d  ed.l2mo., 312  pp. 
Taylor's  Medical   Jurisprudence,  by  Griffith,   1 

vol.  8vo.,  540  pages. 
Taylor  on  Poisons,  by  Griffith,  1  vol .  8vo.,  688  pp. 
Traill'sMedical  Jurisprudence,  1  vol.8vo.,234pp 

NATURAL  SCIENCE,  &c. 

Arnott's  Elements  of  Physics,  new  edition,  1  vol. 

8vo.,  484  pages,  many  cuts. 
Ansted's  Ancient  World,  Popular  Geology,  in  1 

12mo.  volume,  with  numerous  cuts,  382  pages. 
Bird's   Natural   Philosophy,  1  vol.  royal    12rao., 

402  pages  and  372  wood-cuts. 

Brewster's  Optics,  1  vol.  12mo.  423  pp.  many  cuts. 
Broderip's  Zoological  Recreations,  1  vol.  ]2mo., 

pp.  376. 
Coleridge's  Idea  of  Life,  12mo.,  94  pages. 
Carpenter's  Popular  Vegetable  Physiology,  1  vol. 

royal  ]2mo.,  many  cuts. 
Dana  on  Zoophytes,  being  vol.  8  of  Ex.  Expedi- 
tion, royal  4to.,  extra  cloth. 
Atlas   to  "  Dana  on  Zoophytes,"  imp.  folio,  co- 
lored plates. 
Hale's  Ethnography  and  Philology  of  the  U.  S. 

Exploring  Expedition,  in  1  large  imp.  4to.  vol. 
Herschel's  Treatise  on  Astronomy,  1  vol.  12mo., 

417  pages,  numerous  plates  and  cuts. 
Introduction  to  Vegetable  Physiology,  founded  on 

DeCandoUe,  Lindley,&c.,  18rno.,  paper,  25  cts. 
Kirby  on  Animals,  plates,  1  vol.  Svo. ,  520  pages. 
Kirby  and  Spence's  Entomology,  1  vol.  8vo.,  600 

large  pages;  plates  plain  or  colored. 
Miiller's   Physics   and  Meteorology,  1  vol.  8vo., 

636  pp.,  with  540  wood-cuts  and  2  col'd  plates. 
Philosophy  in  Sport  made  Science  in  Earnest,  1 

vol.  royal  18mo.,  430  pages,  many  cuts. 
Roget's  Animal  and  Vegetable  Physiology,  with 

400  cuts,  2  vols.  Svo.,  872  pages. 
Small  Books  on  Great  Subjects,  12  parts,  done  up 

in  3  handsome  12mo.  volumes,  extra  cloth. 
Somerville's  Physical  Geography,  12mo.,  cloth. 
Weisbach's  Mechanics  applied  to  Machinery  and 

Engineering, Vol.  I.  8vo.,  486 pp.  550 wood-cuts. 

Vol.  II.,  8vo.,  400  pp.,  340  cuts.  (Now  ready.) 

VETERINARY  MEDICINE. 

Claterand  Skinner's  Farrier,  1  vol.  12mo.,  220  pp. 
Youalt's  Great  Work  on  the  Horse,  by  Skinner, 

1  vol.  8vo.,  448  pages,  many  cuts. 
Youatt  and  Clater's  Cattle  Doctor,  1  vol.  12rao., 

282  pages,  cutb. 
Youatt  on  the  Dog,  by  Lewis,  1  vol.  demy  8vo., 

403  pages,  beautiful  plates. 

Youatt  on  the  Pig,  a  new  work  with  beautiful  il- 
lustrations of  all  the  ditferent  varieties,  12mo. 


u 


LEA  &  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


MISGELLANEOUS  WORKS 

DEPAKTMENlVor  LITERATURE, 


PUBLISHED     BY 

LEA    &    BLANCHARD. 


Acton's  Modern  Cookery,  with  cuts,  12mo.,  cl. 
American  Ornithology,  by  Prince  Charles  Bona- 
parte, in  4  vols,  foliojlialfbound, colored  plates. 
American  Military  Law  and   Practice  of  Courts 

Martial,  by   Lieut.  O'Brien,  U.S.A.,   1   vol. 

Svc,  cloth  or  law  sheep. 
Ansted's  Ancient  World, or  Picturesque  Sketches 

of  Creation,  1  vol.  12mo.,  numerous  cuts. 
Addison  on  Contracts,  and  on  Parties  to  Actions 

ex  Contractu,   a   new  and   complete  work,  1 

large  vol.  Svo.,  law  sheep. 
Arnott's   Elements  of  Physics,   new   edition,   1 

vol.  8vo.,  sheep,  with  many  wood-cuts. 
Broderip's  Zoological  Recreations,    1  vol.  royal 

12mo.,  extra  cloth. 
Bowman's    Practical     Chemistry,    1    vol.    royal 

12mo.,  extra  cloth,  wood-cuts. 
Boz's  Complete   Works,  in   8   vols.  Svo.,  extra 

cloth,  with  numerous  plates,  and  wood-cuts. 
Same  work,  common  edition,  in  paper,  9  parts, 

price  $4.     Any  Book  sold  separate. 
Same  work  in   3  large  vols.,  good  paper,  fancy 

cloth,  price  $3  75.    (A  Fourth  Vol.  preparing.) 
BenthamiSna:  Extracts  from  Bentham,  in  1  vol. 

12mo. 
Browne's  Religio  Medici,  1  vol.  12mo.,  ex.  cl. 
Bell's  (Ellis,  Currer,  and  Acton,  authors  of"  Jane 

Eyre,  Wildfell  Hall,"  &c.)  Poems,  1  vol.  small 

12mo. 
BoLjiAR's  French  Series,  consisting  of — 

A  Selection  of  One  Hundred  Perrin's  Fables, 
with  a  Key  to  the  Pronunciation, 

A  Series  of  Colloquial  Phrases. 

The  First  Eight  Books  of  Fenelon's  Telema- 
chus. 

Key  to  the  same. 

A  Treatise  on  all  the  French  Verbs,  Regular 
and     Irregular. — The    whole    forming    five 
small  volumes,  half  bound  to  match. 
Butler's  Atlas  of  Ancient  Geography,  Svo.,  half 

bound. 
Butler's  Geographia  Classica,  1  vol.  12mo. 
Bird's  Elements  of  Natural  Philosophy,  from  the 

third  London  edition,  1  vol.  royal  12mo., sheep 

or  cloth,  with  372  illustrations. 
Brigham  on  Mental  Cultivation,  &c.,  12mo.,  cloth. 
Bridgewater  Treatises.   The  whole  complete 

in  7  vols.  Svo.,  various  bindings:  containing — 

Roget's  Animal  and  Vegetable  Physiology,  in 
2  vols.,  with  many  cuts. 

Kirby  on  the  History,  Habits,  and  Instinct  of 
Animals,  1  vol.,  with  plates. 

Prout  on  Chemistry. 

Chalmers  on  the  Moral  Condition  of  Man. 

Whevvell  on  Astronomy. 

Bell  on  the  Hand. 

Kidd  on  the  Physical  Condition  of  Man. 

Buckland's  Geology,  2  vols.,  with  numerous 
plates  and  maps. 

Roget,  Buckland,  and  Kirby  are  sold  separate. 
Bird's  Calavar,  or  the  Knight  of  the  Conquest. 

2  vols.  12mo.,  paper,  price  50  cents. 
Boy's  Treasury  of  Sports  and  Pastimes,  1  vol. 

ISmo.,   crimson    cloth,   400    illustrations;    a 

beautiful  and  cheap  work. 


Barnaby  Rudge,  by  "  Boz,"  paper  or  cloth. 
Browning's  History  of  the  Huguenots,  1  vol.  Svo. 
Brewster's  Treatise  on  Optics,  1  vol.  12rao.,cuts. 
Babbage's  "  Fragment,"  1  vol.  Svo. 

Campbell's  Lives  of  the  Lord  Chancellors  of 
England,  from  the  Earliest  Times  to  1838, 
now  complete  in  7  handsome  crown  octavo 
volumes,  extra  cloth. 

Chateaubriand's  Autobiography,  in  neat  12mo. 
volumes.     (In  press.) 

Christmas  Stories — The  Chimes,  Carol,  Cricket 
on  the  Hearth,  Battle  of  Life,  and  Haunted 
Man,  together  with  Pictures  from  Italy,  by 
Dickens,  1   vol.  Svo.,  paper,  price  37^  cents. 

Complete  Cook,  paper,  price  only  25  cents. 

Complete  Confectioner,  paper,  25  cents. 

Complete  Florist,  paper,  25  cents. 

Complete  Gardener,  paper,  25  cents. 

Curiosity  Shop,  by  "  Boz,"  paper  or  cloth. 

C.  Julii  Ca^saris  Commentarii  de  Bello  Gallico,  1 
vol.  ISmo.,  neat  cloth,  price  50  cts  ;  being  vol. 
1  of  Schraitz  and  Zumpt's  Classical  Series  for 
Schools. 

Ciceronis  Orationes  Selectae,  1  vol.  ISmo.,  being 
Vol.  VI.  of  Schmitz  &  Zumpt's  Classical  Series. 
(Nearly  ready.) 

Campbell's  Complete  Poetical  Works,  in  1  vol. 
crown  Svo.,  cloih  gilt  or  white  calf,  plates. 

Coleridge's  Idea  of  Life,  1  vol.  royal  12nio.,  cloth. 

Cooper's  Naval  History  of  the  United  States, 
complete  in  1  vol.  Svo.,  cloth,  with  plates  and 
maps. 

Cooper's  Novels  and  Tales,  in  23  vols.,  sheep 
gilt,  12mo.,  or  47  vols,  paper,  at  25  cents  per 
volume. 

Cooper's  Sea  Tales,  6  vols.  12mo.,  cloth. 

Cooper's  Leather  Stocking  Tales,  5  vols.  12mo., 
cloth. 

Carpenter's  Comparative  Anatomy  and  Physio- 
logy, with  numerous  wood-cuts  (preparing). 

Clater  on  the  Diseases  of  iiorses,  by  Skinner,  1 
vol.  12mo. 

Clater's  Cattle  and  Sheep  Doctor,  1  vol.  12mo., 
cuts. 

David  Copperfield,  by  Dickens,  issuing  in  num- 
bers, at  five  cents  each. 

Don  Quixote,  translated  by  Jarvis,  with  nume- 
rous illustrations  by  Johannot;  2  vols.,  beauti- 
ful crown  8vo.,  crimson  cloth  or  half  morocco. 

Davidson,  Margaret,  Memoirs  of  and  Poems,  in 
1  vol.  12mo.,  paper,  50  cents,  or  extra  cloth. 

Davidson,  Lucretia,  Poetical  Remains,  1  vol. 
12mo.,  paper,  50  cents,  or  extra  cloth. 

Davidson,  Mrs.,  Poetry  and  Life,  in  1  vol.  12mc., 
paper,  50  cents,  or  extra  cloth. 

Dana  on  Corals,  1  vol.  royal  4to.,  extra  cloth; 
being  vol.  VIII  of  the  Ex.  Ex.  publications. 

Atlas  to  Dana  on  Corals,  being  Vol.  IX.  of  the 
Exploring  Expedition's  publications,  imperial 
folio,  60  colored  plates. 

David  Copperfield,  by  Dickens.  Publishing  in 
Nos.  at  5  cents  each. 

Dorabey  and  Son,  by  Dickens;  cheapest  edition, 
8vo.,  paper,  with  16  plates,  price  50  cents. 


LEA  &  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


15 


Same  work,  fine  edition,  ex.  cl.,  with  40  plates. 
Dog  and   Sportsman,  by  Sitinner,  plates,  1   vol. 

12mo.,  cloth. 
Dunglison  on  Human  Health,  1  vol.  8vo.,  cloth 

or  sheep. 
Evans's  Sugar  Planter'sManual,  1  vol. small  Svc, 

extra  cloth,  with  illustrations. 
EncyclopEcdia  of  Geography,  in  3  octavo  vols., 

many  cuts  and  maps,  various  bindings. 
Encyclopaedia  Americana,  14  vols.  Svo.,  various 

bindings. — Vol.  14,  bringing  the   work  up  to 

1846,  sold  separate. 
East's   King's  Bench  Reports,  edited  by  G.  M. 

Wharton,  16  vols,  in  8,  large  8vo.,  law  sheep. 
Endless  Amusement,  neat  ISmo.,  crimson  cloth, 

with  cuts. 
Fielding'sSelect  Works, in  1  largevol. Svo., cloth. 
Also,   same    work,   4   parts,    paper,    viz.,    Tom 

Jones   50  cents,  Joseph    Andrews   25   cents, 

Amelia  25  cents,  and  Jonathan  Wild  25  cents. 
Francatelli's  Modern  French  Cook,  in  1  vol.  8vo., 

with  many  cuts. 
Fownes'    Recent    Work    on   Chemistry,  second 

edition,  by  Bridges,   1  vol.  ]2mo.,  many  cuts, 

sheep  or  extra  cloth. 
Grahame's  Colonial  History  of  the  United  States, 

2  vols.  8vo.,  a  new  edition, 
Graham's   Elements   of  Chemistry,  1  vol.  large 

Svo.,  many  cuts,  (new  edition,  in  press.) 
Gieseler's  Ecclesiastical  History,  3  vols.  Svo. 
Griffith's  Chemistry  of  the  Four  Seasons,  1  vol. 

12mo.,  many  cuts. 
Griffith's  Medical  Botany,!  large  vol.  Svo.,  extra 

cloth,  350  cuts. 
Griffith's  Universal  Formulary,  1  vol.  large  Svo. 

(Nearly  ready.) 
Grote's  History  of  Greece,  to  form  a  neat  12mo. 

series.     (Preparing.) 
Hawker  on   Shooting,  Edited   by  Porter,  with 

plates  and  cuts,  1  beautiful  vol.  Svo.,  ex.  cloth. 
Herschel's  Treatise  on  Astronomy,  1  vol.  12mo., 

cuts  and  plates. 
Herschel's  Outlines  of  Astronomy,  1  vol.,  crown 

8vo.,  plates  and  cuts.     (Now  Ready.) 
Hervey's(Lord)MemoirsofGeorge  II. and  Queen 

Caroline,  a  new  and  interesting  work,  2  vols. 

royal  12mo. 
Hale's  Ethnology  and  Philology  of  the  U.  S.  Ex- 
ploring Expedition,  1  vol.  royal  4to,  extra  cloth. 
Howitt's   (Mary)  Children's    Year,   a  handsome 

juvenile,  square  ISmo.,  fancy  paper,  crimson 

cloth,  or  cloth  gilt,  with  plates. 
Howitt's  (William)  Hall  and  Hamlet,  or  Scenes 

and  Characters  of  Country  Life,  1   vol.  large 

12mo.,  paper,  price  50  cents. 
Hemans' Complete  Poetical  Works,  7  vols.  12mo. 
Hemans'  Memoirs,  by  her  Sister,  1  vol.  12mo. 
Holthouse's    Law   Dictionary,    by   Penington,  1 

vol.  large  12mo.,  law  sheep. 
Hilliard  on  Real  Estate,  new  and  much  improved 

edition,  2  large  vols.  Svo.,  law  sheep. 
Hill   on  Trustees,  a  late  and  complete  work,  by 

Trouhat,  1  large  vol.  Svo.,  law  sheep. 
Ingersoll's  History  of  the  Late  War,  1  vol.  Svo. 
Inger§oll"s  Late  War,  Vol.  2,  Svo.,  paper  covers, 

price  $1. 
Illustrated   Series   of  Scientific  Works,  beauti- 
fully printed. — Now  ready,  Muller's  Physics, 

Weisbach's  Mechanics,   2  vols.,  and   Knapp's 

Technology,  2   vols.,  printed    and   bound    to 

match,  containing  in  All  two  thousand  illustra- 
tions.    To  be  followed  by  others  in  various 

branches. 
Johnson's  Dictionary  of  Gardening,  by  Landreth, 

1  vol.  large  royal  12mo.,  650  pages,  many  cuts. 
Kennedy's   Life   of  William  Wirt,  2  vols.  Svo., 

with  a  portrait.     (Now  ready.) 


Knapp's  Technology,  or  Chemistry  Applied  to 
the  Arts  and  to  Manuficturcs.  Translated  by 
Ronalds  and  Richardson,  and  edited  by  W.  R. 
Johnson,  vol.  I.  large  Svo.,  with  214  beauti- 
ful wood  engravings. — Vol.  IL  now  ready, 
large  Svo.,  with  250  engravings. 

Keble's  Christian  Year,  in  32mo.,  extra  cloth, 
illuminated  title. 

Keble's  Child's  Christian  Year,  1  vol.  18mo., 
extra  cloth. 

Kirby  and  Spence's  Entomology,  1  large  Svo. 
vol.,  with  plates,  plain  or  colored. 

Louis  Blanc's  France  under  Louis  Philippe,  or 
the  History  of  Ten  Years,  2  large  vols,  crown 
Svo.,  or  6  parts,  paper,  at  50  cents. 

Louis  Blanc's  History  of  the  Revolution  of  1789, 
Vol.  L,  crown  Svo.,  cloth. 

Lover's  Irish   Stories,    1  vol.  royal  12mo.,  with 
cuts,  extra  cloth. 
Same  work,  paper,  price  50  cents. 

Lover's  Rory  O'More,  1  vol.  royal  12mo.,  with 
cutF,  extra  cloth. 

Same  work,  paper,  price  50  cents. 
Same  work,  Svo.,  price  25  cents. 

Lover's  Songs  and  Ballads,  12mo.,  paper,  25  cts. 

Language  of  Flowers,  eighth  edition,  1  vol. 
ISjno.,  colored  plates,  crimson  cloth,  gilt. 

Lynch's  Narrative  of  the  U.  S.  Expedition  to  the 
Dead  Sea  and  River  Jordan.  1  large  Svo.  vol., 
extra  cloth,  with  beautiful  plates  and  maps, 
(now  ready.) 

Landreth's  Rural  Register,  for  1848,  royal  12mo., 
many  cuts,  price  15  cents.  Copies  for  1847 
still  on  hand. 

Marston,  or  the  Soldier  and  Statesman,  by  Croly, 
Svo.,  sewed  50  cents. 

Martineau's  Eastern  Life,  Present  and  Past,  a 
new  work,  1  vol.  crown  Svo.,  extra  cloth. 

Martineau's  Household  Education,  1  vol.,  royal 
12mo.  extra  cloth. 

Matteucci's  Lectures  on  the  Physical  Pheno- 
mena of  Living  Beings,  1  vol.  royal  12mo., 
cloth,  with  cuts. 

Mackintosh's  Dissertation  on  Ethical  Philosophy, 
1  vol.  Svo.,  cloth. 

Moore's  Irish  Melodies,  superb  illustrated  edi- 
tion, imp.  4to.,  with  steel  plates.  (Now  ready.) 

Mackay's  Western  World,  2  vols.  12mo.  (Nearly 
ready.) 

Moore's  History  of  Ireland,  in  2  vols.  Svo. ,  cloth. 
Second  volume  sold  separate. 

Martin  Chuzzlewit,  by  "  Boz,"  cloth  or  paper. 

Muller's  Physics  and  Meteorology,  1  vol.  large 
Svo.,  2  colored  plates,  and  550  wood-cuts;  a 
beautiful  and  complete  work.     Just  issued. 

Millwrights'  and  Millers'  Guide,  by  Oliver  Evans, 
in  1  vol.  Svo.,  sheep,  many  plates. 

Mohr,  Redwood,  &  Procter's  Practical  Pharmacy, 
1  large  and  handsome  Svo.  vol.,  500  wood-cuts. 

Mill's  History  of  the  Crusades  and  Chivalry,  in 
one  octavo  volume. 

Mill's  Sportsman's  Library,  1  vol.  12mo.,  ex.  cl. 

Mirabean,  a  Life  History,  in  1  handsome  12mo. 
vol.,  extra  cloth. 

Narrative  of  the  United  States'  Exploring  Expe- 
dition, by  Captain  Charles  Wilkes,  U.  S.  N.,  in 
6  vols.  4to.  $60;  or  6  vols,  imperial  Svo.,  $25, 
with  very  numerous  and  beautiful  illustrations, 
on  wood,  copper,  and  steel  ;  or  5  vols.  Svo., 
$10,  with  over  300  wood-cuts  and  maps. 

Niebuhr's  History  of  Rome,  complete,  2  large 
vols.  Svo. 

Nicholas  Nickleby,  by  "  Boz,"  cloth  or  paper. 

Oliver  Twist,  by  "  Boz,"  cloth  or  paper. 

Picciola — The  Prisoner  of  Fenestrella,  illus- 
trated edition,  with  cuts,  royal  12mo.,  beau- 
tiful crimson  cloth. 


16 


LEA  &  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


Same  work,  fancy  paper,  price  50  cents. 
Philosophy  in  Sport  made  Science  in  Earnest,  1 

vol.  ISnio.,  neat  crimson  cloth,  with  cuts. 
Popular  Vegetable  Physiology,  by  Carpenter,  1 

vol.  12mo.,  many  cuts. 
Pickwick  Club,  by  "Boz,"  cloth  or  paper. 
Quintus  Curtius  Rufus,  1  vol.,  ISmo.,  cl.,  being 

Vol.  V.  ofSchmitz  &  Zumpt's  Classical  Series. 
Rush's  Court  of  London,  1  vol.  8vo. 
Readings  for  the  Young,  from  the  Works  of  Sir 

Walter  Scott,  a  handsome  juvenile,  just  issued, 

in  2  18mo.  vols.,crira.  cl.,with  beautiful  plates. 
Ranke's  History  of  the  Popes  of  Rome,  1  vol. 

8vo.,  cloth. 
Ranke's  History  of  the  Reformation  in  Germany, 

to  be  complete  in  1  vol.  8vo. 
Ranke's   History  of  the  Ottoman  and  Spanish 

Empires,  8vo.,  price  60  cents. 
Rogers'  Poems,  a  splendid  edition,  illustrated, 

imperial  8vo. 
Roget's  Outlines  of  Physiology,  1  vol.  8vo. 
Roscoe's  Lives  of  the  Kings  of  England,  a  12mo. 

series,  to  match  Miss  Strickland's  Queens. 
Shaw's  Outlines  of  English   Literature,   1    vol. 

large  royal  12mo.,  extra  cloth. 
Somerville's  Physical  Geography,   1  vol.  royal 

12mo. 
Strickland's  Lives  of  the  Queens   of  England, 

Dew  and  improved  edition,  12  volumes  in  6, 

crown  8vo.,  crimson  cloth  or  half  morocco. — 
N.B.  This  work  is  now  complete. 
Same  work,  in   12  vols.  12mo.,  paper  or  cloth. 

For  the  present,  any  vol.  of  either  edition  sold 
separate. 
Strickland's  Tales  from  History,  one  handsome 

18mo.  volume,  crimson  cloth,  with  illustrations. 
Steinmetz's  History  of  the  Jesuits,  2  vols,  crown 

8vo.,  extra  cloth. 
Select  Works  of  Tobias  Smollett,  one  large  vol. 

8vo.,  cloth. 
Also,  same  work,  5  parts,  paper,  viz.,  Peregrine 

Pickle  50  cents,  Roderick  Random  25  cents, 

Count  Fathom  25  cents,  Launcelot  Greaves  25 

cents,  and  Humphrey  Clinker  25  cents. 
Simpson's  Overland  Journey  around  the  World, 

crown  8vo.,  extra  cloth. 
Same  work,  2  parts,  paper,  price  $1  50. 
Siborne's  Waterloo  Campaign,  with  maps,  1  vol. 

large  8vo. 
Schmitzand  Zumpt's  Classical  Series  for  Schools, 

in  neat  ISmo.  volumes,  in  cloth. 
Sallustii  Catiiina  et  Jugurtha,  1  neat  vol.,  cloth, 

price  50  cts.     Being  part  of  Schmitz  &  Zumpt's 

series. 
Schmitz's  Latin  Grammar.    Being  part  of  Schmitz 

&  Zumpt's  series,  neat  vol.,  half  bound,  price 

60  cents. 
Schmitz's  Introduction  to  Latin  Grammar,  being 

part   of  Schmitz  &  Zumpt's  Chassical  series, 

(nearly  ready.) 
Stable  Talk  and  Table  Talk,  for  Sportsmen,  1 

volume  12mo. 
Spence    on    the   Jurisdiction    of   the   Court    of 

Chancery,  vol.  I.,  large  8vo.,  law  sheep. 
Vol.  n.,  embracing  the  Practice,  (nearly  ready.) 
Small  Books  on  Great  Subjects;  a  neat  ISmo. 

series,  price  25  cents  each  : — 
No.  1.  "Philosophical  Theories  and  Philosophi- 


cal Experience." No.  2.  "  On  the  Con- 
nection between  Physiology  and  Intellectual 

Science." No.  3.  "  On  Man's  Power  over 

himself  to  Prevent  or  Control  Insanity." 

No.  4.  "An  Introduction  to  Practical  Organic 

Chemistry." No.   5.    "A    Brief   View    of 

Greek  Philosophy  up  to  the  Age  of  Pericles." 
No.  6.  "A  Brief  View  of  Greek  Philoso- 
phy from  the  Age  of  Socrates  to  the  Coming 

of   Christ." No.    7.    "  Christian    Doctrine 

and  Practice  in  the  Second  Century." No. 

8.  "An  Exposition  of  Vulgar  and  Common 
Errors,  adapted  to  the  Year  of  Grace  1845." 

No.  9.  "  An    Introduction    to   Vegetable 

Physiology,  with  references  to  the  Works  of 

De  Candolle,  Lindley,"  &c. No.  10.  "On 

the  Principles  of  Criminal  Law." No.  11. 

"  Christian  Sects  in  the  Nineteenth  Century." 

No.  12.  "  Principles  of  Grammar,"  &c. 

Or  the  whole  done  up  in  3  vols.,  extra  cloth. 

Taylor's  Medical  Jurisprudence,  edited  with  re- 
spect to  American  Practice,  by  Griffith,  1  vol. 
8vo. 

Taylor  on  Poisons,  by  GrifSth,  a  new  and  very 
complete  work,  in  one  large  octavo  volume. 

Traill's  Outlines  of  Medical  Jurisprudence,  one 
small  vol.  8vo.,  cloth. 

Thomson's  Domestic  Management  of  the  Sick 
Room,  1  vol.  12mo.,  extra  cloth. 

Tokeah,  by  Sealsfield,  price  25  cents. 

Tucker's  Life  of  Thomas  Jefferson,  2  vols,  large 
8vo.,  cloth. 

Virgilii  Carmina,  1  neat  18mo.  vol.,  extra  cloth, 
being  vol.  II.  ofSchmitz  and  Zumpt's  Classical 
Series.     Price  75  cents. 

Wilkes's  Oregon  and  California,  with  three  large 
maps,  1  vol.  8vo.,  price  75  cents. 

Walpole's  Letters,  in  4  large  vols.  Svo.,  ex.  cloth. 

Walpole's  New  Letters  to  Sir  Horace  Mann,  2 
vols.  Svo. 

Walpole's  Memoirs  of  George  the  Third,  2  vols. 
Svo. 

White's  Universal  History,  a  new  and  improved 
work  for  Schools,  Colleges,  &c.,  with  Ques- 
tions by  Professor  Hart,  in  1  vol.  large  12mo., 
extra  cloth  or  half  bound. 

Weisbach's  Principles  of  the  Mechanics  of  Ma- 
chinery and  Engineering,  edited  by  W.  R. 
Johnson,  vol.  I.  large  8vo.,  with  550  beautiful 
wood-cuts,  now  ready. 

Vol.  II.,  same  size  and  appearance,  with  350 
wood  engravings,  (now  ready.) 

William  the  Conqueror,  Life  of,  by  Roscoe,  I 
vol    12mo.,  extra  cloth  or  fancy  paper. 

Wheaton's  International  Law,  1  vol.  large  Svo., 
law  sheep,  or  extra  cloth,  third  edition,  much 
improved. 

Wraxall's  Posthumous  Memoirs,  1  vol.  8vo.,  ex- 
tra cloth. 

Wraxall's  Historical  Memoirs,  1  vol.  8vo.,  extra 
cloth. 

Youatt  on  the  Horse,  &c.,  by  Skinner,  1  vol.  8vo., 
many  cuts. 

Youatt  on  the  Dog,  with  plates,  1  vol.  crown 
8vo.,  beautiful  crimson  cloth. 

Youatt  on  the  Pig,  1  vol.  12mo.,  extra  cloth,  with 
cuts. 

Same  work,  in  paper,  price  50  cents. 


Together  with  various  important  works  now  in  course  of  publication. 


OUTLINES     OF     ASTRONOMY. 

BY  SIR  JOHN  F.  W.  HERSCHEL,  F.  R.  S.,  &c. 
In  one  neat  volume,  crown  8vo.,  with  six  plates  and  numerous  wood-cnts. 
With  this,  we  lake  leave  of  ihis  remirkahle  work  ;  winch  we  hold  lo  be,  beyond  a  doabl,  ihe  greatest  and 
most  remarkable  of  the  works  in  which  ihe  laws  of  aslrouomy  and  ihe  appearances  of  the  heavens  are  des- 
cribed to  those  who  are  not  maihemaliciaiis  nor  observers,  and  recalled  lo  those  who  are.  It  i«  the  reward 
of  men  who  can  descend  from  the  advancement  of  knowledge  to  care  for  its  diffusion,  that  their  works  are 
esseuiial  lo  all,  ihat.lhey  become  the  manuals  of  proficient  as  well  as  ihe  leil-booksof  the  learner. — Athenmum. 


CATALOGUE 

OF 

LEA   AND   BLANCHARD'S 

PUBLICATIONS. 
THE  AMERICAN  ENCYCLOPAEDIA. 

BROUGHT  UP  TO  1847. 


THE  ENCYCLOPAEDIA  AMERICANA: 

A  POPULAR  DICTIONARY 

OF  ARTS,  SCIENCES,  LITERATURE,  HISTORY,  POLITICS 
AND  BIOGRAPHY. 

LV  FOURTEEN   LAEGE  OCTAVO   VOLUMES  OF  OVER  SIX  HUNDRED  DOUBLE 
COLU^Ix^'£D  PAGES  EACH. 

For  sale  very  low,  in  various  styles  of  binding. 

During  the  long  period  which  this  work  has  been  before  the  public,  it 
has  attained  a  very  high  character  as  an 

ENCYCLOPEDIA  FOR  DAILY  REFERENCE, 

Containing,  in  a  compai-atively  moderate  space,  a  vast  quantity  of  informa- 
tion which  is  scarcely  to  be  met  with  elsewhere,  and  of  the  exact  kind 
which  is  wanted  in  the  daily  exigencies  of  conversation  and  reading.  It 
has  also  a  recommendation  shared  by  no  other  work  of  the  kind  now  before 
the  public,  in  being  an  American  book.  The  numerous  American  Biogra- 
phies, Accounts  of  American  Inventions  and  Discoveries,  References  to  our 
Political  Institutions,  and  the  general  adaptation  of  the  whole  to  our  own 
peculiar  habits  and  modes  of  thought,  peculiarly  suit  it  to  readers  in  this 
country.    From  these  causes,  it  is  also  especially  fitted  for  all 

DISTRICT  SCHOOL  AND  OTHER  PUBLIC  LIBRARIES, 

in  some  of  which  it  has  been  tried  with  great  satisfaction.  It  fulfils,  to  a 
greater  extent  than  perhaps  any  similar  work,  the  requirements  for  these 
institutions,  presenting,  in  a  small  compass  and  price,  the  materials  of  a 
library,  and  furnishing  a  book  for  every-day  use  and  reference,  indispensable 
to  those  removed  from  the  large  public  collections. 

Some  vears  having  elapsed  since  the  original  thirteen  volumes  of  the 
ENCYCLOPEDIA  AMERICANA  were  published,  to  bring  it  up  to 
the  present  aay,  with  the  history  of  that  period,  at  the  request  of  numerous 
subscribers,  the  publishers  have  just  issued  a 

SUPPLEMENTARY    VOLUME   (THE   FOURTEENTH), 

BRINGING  THE  WORK   UP  TO  THE  YEAR  1847. 

EDITED  BY  HENRY  VETHAKE,  LL.D. 

Vice-Provost  and  Professor  of  JIathematics  in  tlie  University  o."  Pennsylvania,  Author  of 
"A  Treatise  on  Political  Economy." 

In  one  large  octavo  volume  of  over  650  double  columned  pages. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


ENCYCLOPAEDIA    AMERICANA. 


The  numerous  subscribers  who  liave  been  waiting  the  completion  of  this 
volume  can  now  perfect  their  sets,  and  all  who  want 

A  REGISTER  OF  THE  EVENTS  OF  THE  LAST  FIFTEEN 
YEARS,  FOR  THE  WHOLE  WORLD, 

can  obtain  this  volume  separate!}':  price  Two  Dollars  uncut  in  cloth,  or 
Two  Dollars  and  Fifty  Cents  in  leather,  to  match  the  styles  in  which  the 
publishers  have  been  selling  sets. 

Subscribers  in  the  large  cities  can  be  supplied  on  application  at  any  of  the 
principal  bookstores  ;  and  persons  residing  in  the  country  can  have  their 
sets  matched  by  sending  a  volume  in  charge  of  friends  visiting  the  city. 

Complete  sets  furnished  at  very  low  prices  in  various  bindings. 

"The  publishers  of  the  Encyclopedia  Amencima  conferred  an  obligation  on  tlie  public  when, 
fourteen  years  ago,  they  issued  the  thirteen  volumes  from  their  press.  They  contained  a  wonder- 
ful amount  of  information,  upon  almost  every  subject  which  would  be  likely  to  occupy  public 
attention,  or  be  the  theme  of  conversation  in  tlie  private  circle.  Whatever  one  would  wish  to 
inquire  about,  it  seemed  only  uecessaiy  to  di]i  into  the  Encyclopaedia  Americana,  and  there  Ihe 
outline,  at  least,  would  be  found,  and  reference  made  to  those  works  which  treat  at  large  upon  the 
subject.  It  was  not  strange,  therefore,  that  the  work  was  popular.  15ut  in  fourteen  years,  great 
events  occur.  The  last  fourteen  years  have  been  full  of  tliem,  and  great  discoveries  tiave  been 
made  in  sciences  and  the  arts ;  and  great  men  have,  by  death,  commended  their  names  and  deeds 
to  the  fidelity  of  the  biographer,  so  that  tlie  Encyclopiedia  that  approached  perfection  in  1832, 
might  fall  considerably  behind  in  18t6.  To  bring  up  tlie  work,  and  keep  it  at  the  present  point,  has 
been  a  task  assumed  by  Profeiisor  Vetliake,  of  tlie  Poinisylvania  I'liiversity,  a  gentleman  entirely 
competent  to  such  an  undertaking;  and  with  a  disposition  to  do  a  good  work,  he  has  supplied  a 
supplementary  volume  to  the  main  work,  correspond mg  in  size  and  arrangements  therewith,  and 
becoming,  indeed,  a  fourteenth  volume.  The  ,-inllior  has  been  exceedingly  industrious,  and  very 
fortunate  in  discovering  and  selecting  materials,  using  all  that  Germany  has  presented,  and  resort- 
ing to  every  species  of  information  of  events  coniiecled  with  the  plan  of  the  work,  since  the  pub- 
lication of  the  thirteen  volumes.  He  has  cimtinued  articles  that  were  commenced  in  that  work, 
and  added  new  articles  upon  science,  biography,  history,  aiid  geograjihy,  so  as  to  make  the  present 
volume  a  necessary  appendage  in  completing  facts  to  the  other.  The  publishers  deserve  the 
thanks  of  the  readere  of  the  volume,  for  the  handsome  type,  and  clear  white  paper  they  have  used 
in  the  publication." — United  States  Gazette. 

"  This  volume  is  worth  owning  by  itself,  as  a  most  convenient  and  reliable  compend  of  recent  His- 
tory, Biography,  Statistics,  <tc.,  <kc.  The  entire  work  forms  the  cheajiest  and  probably  now  the 
most  desirable  Encyclopedia  pubbshed  for  popular  use." — New  York  Tribune. 

"  The  Conversations  Lexicon  (Encyclopajdia  Americana)  has  become  a  household  book  in  all  the 
intelligent  families  in  America,  and  is  undoubtedly  the  best  depository  of  hiograpliic.al,  historical, 
geographical  and  political  information  of  that  kind  which  discriminating  readers  require." — SiUi- 
man's  Journal. 

"This  volume  of  the  Encyclopsedia  is  a  Westminster  Abbey  of  American  reputation.  Wliat 
names  are  on  the  roll  since  1833 !"— JV;  Y.  Literary  World. 

"  The  work  to  which  this  volume  forms  a  supplement,  is  one  of  the  most  important  contnoutions 
that  has  ever  been  made  to  the  literature  of  our  country.  Besides  condensing  into  a  compara- 
tively narrow  compass,  the  substance  of  larger  works  of  the  same  kind  which  had  preceded  it,  it 
ccmtains  a  vast  amount  of  information  that  is  not  elsewhere  to  be  found,  and  is  distinguished,  not 
less  for  its  admiralilc  arrangement,  tlian  for  the  variety  of  subjects  of  which  it  treats.  The  present 
volume,  which  is  edited  by  one  of  the  most  distinguished  scholars  of  our  country,  is  worthy  to 
follow  in  the  train  of  those  which  have  preceded  it.  It  is  a  remarkably  felicitous  condensation 
of  the  more  recent  improvements  in  science  and  the  arts,  besides  forming  a  very  important  addi- 
tion to  the  department  of  Biography,  the  general  progress  of  society,  itc,  &c." — Albany  Argia. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


CAMPBELLS  LORD  CHANCELLORS. 

NOW  COMPLETE. 


LIVES  OF  THE  LORD  CHANCELLORS  AND  KEEPERS  OF  THE 
GREAT  SEAL  OF  ENGLAND, 

FROM  THE  EARLIEST  TIMES  TO  THE  REIGN  OF  KING  GEORGE  IV., 

By  JOHN  LORD  CAMPBELL,  A.M.,  F.R.S.E. 

Complete  in  seven  neat  volumes  in  demy  octavo,  extra  cloth. 

Bri7igifig  the  work  to  the  death  of  Lord  Eldun,  in  1838. 

"It  is  suflinieiit  for  us  In  thriiik  Liml  C;iiri|iliell  for  llie  licmest  ilulll^stry  witli  wliirli  he  has  thus  far 
prnser.ulevi  his  lar^e  task,  ihe  KKunral  caiiilcir  -.iiiJ  liheraliiy  witli  wliirh  he  has  analyzbJ  llie  liven 
aiul  cliaraoters  of  a  Iciiii;  surax-ssion  of  nilliicolial  magistrates  ami  iiiiiiisters,  ami  the  manly  style 
of  his  narrative.  We  need  liardly  say  thai  we  shall  exiiec.l  vviUi  srnal  iiileiesl  the  continuation 
of  this  perforniaiire.  Uiit  the  iiie.seiil  series  of  itself  is  more  than  siifficieiit  to  give  Lord  Caniphell 
a  liiKh  .station  anioni;  the  tjislish  authors  of  Ins  w.e"—Qun}lcrly  Ki.mein. 

"The  volumes  teem  with  e.v(:itmg  imadenls, alionnd  in  porlrait.s, sketches  and  anecdotes, and  are 
at  once  intere.slinj;  ami  iii.stnictive.  'I'he  work  is  not  only  historical  and  biosraphical,  hut  it  is 
anecdotal  ami  |iliilosophical.  .Many  of  the  diapiers  eniiiody  Ihnlhnt;  incidents,  while  as  a  whole, 
the  piihlicalion  may  he  regarded  lis  of  a  liiK^li  miellecinal  order."— /«i7«irtT. 

"A  work  in  three  handsome  octavo  volumes,  which  we  shall  resai'l  as  both  an  orii;iment  and  aa 
honor  to  our  lihrary.  A  History  of  the  Lord  ('liancellois  of  Lii^'land  from  the  institution  of  the 
office,  is  necessarily  a  History  of  the  Coiisiiiulion,  the  Court,  and  the  Juris|iriidence  of  the  King- 
dom, and  these  volumes  teem  with  u  world  of  <;ollaleral  matter  of  the  liveliest  character  for  the 
general  reader,  iis  well  as  with  much  of  the  deepest  interest  for  the  professional  or  philosophical 
mind." — HiUurday  Courier. 

"The  hnlliant  success  of  this  work  in  tnsland  is  by  no  means  greater  than  its  merits.  It  is 
certainly  the  most  brilliant  ccnilrilmlion  to  Kn^-lish  history  made  within  our  recollection;  it  has 
the  chami  and  freedom  of  Biography  comhiiiBd  « ith  the  elaborate  and  careful  comprehensiveness 
of  History."— W.  y.  Tnliime. 

MURRAY'S  ENCYCLOP.EDIA  OF  GEOGRAPHY. 


THE  ENCYCLOP/EDIA  OF  GEOGRAPHY, 

CuMl'lilSlNCl 

A  COMPLETE   DESCRIPTION    OF  THE   EARTH,  PHYSICAL, 
STATISTICAL,  CIVIL  AND  POLITICAL. 

KXItlHlTlNH 

ITS  RELATIO.N  T(J  ■I'lli:  III:aVI';M,V   linlHKS.  rr.'<  I'llYSlCAL  .STKUri'DRE,  THE 

NATUKAl.    IllS'mUV  OK  KM'H  CUCNTKV.  AND  THIO    INDUSTRY, 

COM.MKKCK.  I'Ol.rillWI,  IN.S  lllin'IONS.  AND  CIVIL 

AND  SOCIAL  STATL  OK  ALL  .NATIONS. 

BY   HUGH    MURKAY,  F.R.S.B.,  &c. 

Assisted  in  Botany,  liy  Professor  llooKi;iv— /.uoh.s*.  .^.c,  by  VV.  VV.  S\V A INSON— Astronomy,  &c., 

by  Proli^ssor  V\' A  LLAC)-;— Geol(i:;y.  ic,  by  Professor  J  A. MLSON. 

HE  VIS  E  D,  "W  ITH    ADDITIONS, 

BY  TI10.V1AS  G.  BRADFORD. 

THE   WHOLE    BROUGHT    U  P.  IJ  Y    A    S  U  PP  LEM  KNT,  TO   1843. 

hr.  three  larfir  nrlnvo  volumes. 

V  A  n  I  O  U  S    S  J-  V   1.  K  -s     OP     BINDING. 

This  great  work,  furnished  at  a  remarkalily  cheap  rate,  contains  about 
NiNETEE.v  IIlvmhied  lakue  i.mi'erial  I'aues,  uiui  is  illustrated  by  Eighty- 
Two  s.MALL  Mats,  and  a  colored  Mat  of  the  United  States,  after  Tan- 
ner's, tooeilier  with  alioiii  Eleve.s  IIc.nuued  Wood  Cuts  executed  in  the 
best  style. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 

STRICKLAND'S  QUEENS  OF  ENGLAND. 
A  NEW  AND  ELEGANT  EDITION 

OF 

LIVES    OF    THE    QUEENS    OF    ENGLAND, 

FROM  THE  NORMAN  CONQUEST; 

WITH   ANECDOTES   OF   THEIR  COURTS,  NOW  FIRST   PUBLISHED   FROM   OFFICIAL 

RECORDS  AND  OTHER  AUTHENTIC  DOCQilENTS,  PRIVATE  AS  WELL  AS  PUBLIC. 

NEW   EDITION,    WITH    ADDITIONS   AND    CORRECTIONS. 

BY    AGNES    STRICKLAND. 

Forming  a  handsome  series  in  crown  octavo,  beautifully  printed  with  large  type  on  fine  paper,  done 
up  in  rich  extra  crimson  cloth,  and  sold  at  a  cheaper  rate  than  former  editions. 

Volume  One,  of  nearly  seven  hundred  large  pages,  containing  Volumes 
One,  Two,  and  Three,  of  the  duodecimo  edition,  and  Volume  Two,  of  more 
than  six  hundred  pages,  containing  Volumes  Four  and  Five  of  the  12mo., 
have  just  been  issued.  The  remainder  will  follow  rapidly,  two  volumes  in 
one,  and  the  whole  will  form  an  elegant  set  of  one  of  the  most  popular  his- 
tories of  the  day.  The  publishers  have  gone  to  much  expense  in  pre- 
paring this  from  the  revised  and  improved  London  edition,  to  meet  the  fre- 
quent inquiries  for  the  "  Lives  of  the  Queens  of  England,"  in  better  style, 
larger  type,  and  finer  paper  than  has  heretofore  been  accessible  to  readers 
in  this  country.     Any  volume  of  this  edition  sold  separately. 

A  few  copies  still  on  hand  of  the  Duodecimo  Edition.  Ten  volumes  are 
now  ready.  Vol.  I. — Contains  Matilda  of  Flanders,  Matilda  of  Scotland, 
Adelicia  of  Louvaine,  Matilda  of  Boulogne,  and  Eleanor  of  Aquitaine. 
Price  50  cents,  in  fancy  paper.  Vol.  II. — Berengaria  of  Navarre,  Isabella 
of  Angouleme,  Eleanor  of  Provence,  Eleanor  of  Castile,  Marguerite  of 
France,  Isabella  of  France,  Philippa  of  Hainault,  and  Anne  of  Bohemia. 
Price  50  cents.  Vol.  III. — Isabella  of  Valois,  Joanna  of  Navarre,  Katha- 
rine of  Valois,  Margaret  of  Anjou,  Elizabeth  Woodville,  and  Ann  of  War- 
wick. Price  50  cents.  Vol.  IV. — Elizabeth  of  York,  Katharine  of  Arragon, 
Anne  Boleyn,  Jane  Seymour,  Anne  of  Cleves,  and  Katharine  Howard. 
Price  65  cents.  Vol.  V. — Katharine  Parr  and  Queen  Mary.  Price  65  cents. 
Vol.  VI. — Queen  Elizabeth.  Price  65  cents.  Vol.  VII. — Queen  Elizabeth 
(continued),  and  Anne  of  Denmark.  Price  65  cents.  Vol.  VIII. — Henrietta 
Maria  and  Catharine  of  Braganza.  Price  65  cents.  Vol.  IX. — Mary  of 
Modena.  Price  75  cents.  Vol.  X. —  Mary  of  Modena  (continued),  and 
J\Iary  II.     Price  75  cents. 

Any  volume  sold  separately,  or  the  whole  to  match  in  neat  green  cloth. 
JUST  PUBLISHED 

voLtrssE    te:n': 

COKTAININQ 

MARY   OF   MODENA,   AND   MARY  II. 

Price  75  cents  in  fancy  paper. — Also,  in  extra  green  cloth. 

"  These  volumes  have  the  fascination  of  a  romance  united  to  the  integrity  of  history." — Times. 

"  A  most  valuable  and  entertainmg  work." — Chronicle. 

"  This  interesting  and  well-written  work,  in  which  the  severe  truth  of  history  takes  almost  the 
ivildness  of  romance,  will  constitute  a  valuable  addition  to  our  biogiaphical  literature." — Morning 
Herald. 

"  A  valuable  contribution  to  historical  knowledge,  to  young  persons  especially.  It  contains  a 
mass  of  every  kind  of  historical  matter  of  interest,  which  industry  and  research  could  collect.  We 
liuve  derived  much  entertainmeut  and  instruction  from  tlie  work." — AtiitncBum. 

"The  execution  of  this  work  is  equal  to  the  conception.  Great  pains  have  been  taken  to  make 
it  both  interesting  and  valuable." — Literary  Gazette. 

"  A  charming  work — full  of  interest,  at  once  serious  and  pleasing."— ilfiwisi^ur  Guizot. 

"  A  most  charming  biographical  memoir.  We  conclude  by  expressing  our  unqualified  opinion, 
that  we  know  of  no  more  valuable  contribution  to  modem  lustoiy  than  this  ninth  volume  of  SIiss 
Strickland's  Lives  of  the  Queens." — Morning  Herald. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


ROSCOE'S  LIVES  OF  THE  KINGS  OF  ENGLAND. 

TO  MATCH  MISS  STRICKLAND'S  "QUEENS." 

VOLUME   ONE,    CONTAINING  THE 

LIFE  OF   WILLIAM  THE  CONaUEROR. 

In  neat  royal  duodecimo,  extra  cloth,  or  fancy  papir. 

"The  historical  reader  will  find  this  a  work  of  peculiar  interest.  It  displays  throushout  the 
most  pains-takin?  research,  and  a  style  of  narrative  whicli  has  all  tlie  lucidity  and  streneth  (if 
Gihhon.  It  is  a  work  with  which,  shedding  such  a  light  as  we  are  justified  iu  saying  it  will  do 
upon  KngUsh  history,  every  library  ought  to  be  provided."— Sioirfay  Times. 

MEMOIRS  OF  THE   LOVES  OF  THE  POETS. 
Biographical  Sketches  of  Women  celebrated  in  Ancient  and 

31odern  Poetry. 

BY    MRS.   JAMIESON. 
In  one  royal  duodecimo  volume,  price  75  cents. 

FREDERICK  THE  GREAT,  HIS  COURT  AND  TIMES. 
EDITED,  WITH  AN    INTRODUCTION,   BY   THOMAS  CAMP- 
BELL, ESQ.,  AUTHOR  OF  THE  "PLEASURES  OF  HOPE." 
Second  Series,  in  two  duodecimo  volumes,  extra  cloth. 

HISTORY   OF   CONGRESS, 

EXHIBITING  A  CLAS.S1F1CAT10N   OP  THE   PROCEEDINGS  OF  THE  SENATE  AND  THE 

HOUSE  OF  REPRESENTATIVES.  FROM  1789  TO  179.3.  EMBRACING  THE  FIRST 

TERM  OF  THE  ADMINISTRATION  OF  GENERAL  WASHINGTON. 

In  one  large  octavo  volume  of  over  700  pages,  price  only  $1.50. 

MOOHIS'S  IRE2:.AH3  — NOW  OOMPI.ETS. 
THE  HISTORY  OF  IRELAND, 

FROM  THE  EARLIEST  KINGS  OF  THAT  REALM  DOWN  TO  ITS  LATEST  CHIEFS. 

In  two  octavo  volumes,  extra  cloth. 

Mr.  Moore  has  at  length  completed  his  History  of  Ireland  containing  the  most  troubled  and  inter- 
esting periods  through  which  it,  h;is  passed.  Those  who  have  possessed  tlieiiiselves  of  the  work  as 
far  as  the  Great  Expedition  against  Scotland  in  1515,  can  procure  the  second  volume  separate. 

HISTORY  OF  THrWAR¥7RA^  IN  1815, 

CONTAINING  MINUTE  DETAILS  OF  THE  BATTLES  OF  QUATRE-BRAS,  LIGNl',  WAVRE 

AND  WATtlRLOO. 

BY   CAPTAIN   W.   SIBORNE. 

In  one  octavo  volume,  with  Maps  and  Plans  of  Battles,  &c.,  viz.: 

1  Part  of  Belgium,  indicating  the  distribution  of  the  armies  on  commencing  ho.stilitios.  2.  Field 
of  Quatre-Bras,  at  3  o'clock,  P.  M.  3.  Field  of  Quatre-Bras,  at  7  o'clock,  P.  M.  4.  Field  of  I.igny, 
at  a  quarter  past  2  o'clock,  P.  M.  .>).  Field  of  Ligny,  at  half  past  8  o'clock.  P.  M.  6.  Field  of  Water- 
lo')  at  a  quarter  past  U  o'clock,  A.  M.  7.  Field  of  Waterloo,  at  a  quarter  before  8  o'clock,  P.  M. 
8  Field  of  Wuterliii).  at  5  minutes  past  8  o'clock,  P.  M.  9.  Field  of  Wavre,  at  4  o'clock,  P.  M.,  ISth 
June.  10.  Field  of  Wavre,  at  4  o'clock,  A.  M.,  19th  June.  11.  Part  of  France,  on  wliicli  is  shown 
the  advance  of  the  Allied  Armies  into  the  Kingdom. 

TEXT  BOOK  OP  BCCLESIASTICAIj  HISTORY. 

BY  J    C.  L  GIESELER,  PROFESSOR  OF  THEOLOGY  IN  GOTTINGEN.    TRANSLATE!) 

FROM  THE  THIRD  GERMAN  EDITION,  BY  F.  CUNNINGHAM. 

In  three  octavo  volumes,  containing  over  1200  large  pages. 


EIiEIiEEITTS  or  UNIVBHSAI.  HISTORY, 

ON  A  NEW  AND  SYSTEMATIC  PLAN,  FROM  THE  EARLIEST  TIMES  TO  Tm:  TREATY 
OF  VIENNA,  TO  WHICH  IS  ADDED  A  SUMMAIiV  OF  THE  LEADING 

EVENTS  SINCE  THAT  PERIOD. 

BY    H .    WHITE,    B.  A. 

SIXTH    AMERICAN     E  D  I  T  I  O  ft,   W  I  TH     ADDITIONS 
BY   JOHN    S.    HART,    A.M. 

In  one  large  royal  12mo.  volume,  neat  extra  cloth. 


n 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


GRAHAME'S  COLONIAL  HISTORY. 


HISTORY  OF  THE  UNITED  STATES. 

FROM   THE   PLANTATION    OF   THE   BRITISH   COLONIES 

TILL  THEIR  ASSUMPTION  OF  INDEPENDENCE. 

SECOND  AMERICAN  EDITION,  , 

ENLARGED     AND     AMENDED, 

WITH  A   MEMOIR  BY   PRESIDENT  QUINCY. 

IN    TWO    LARGE    OCTAVO    VOLUMES,    EXTRA    CLOTH, 
WITH    A    PORTRAIT. 

This  work  hnving  assumed  the  [losition  of  a  sfandnrd  history  of  this 
country,  the  puhlishers  have  been  indueed  to  i.<sue  an  edition  in  smaller  size 
and  at  a  less  cost,  that  its  circulation  may  he  commensurate  with  its  merits. 
It  is  now  considered  as  the  most  inijinriitd  and  trustworthy  history  thai  has 
yet  appeared. 

A  few  copies  of  the  edition  in  four  volumes,  on  e.xtra  fine  tliick  paper, 
price  eight  dollars,  may  still  be  had  by  gentlemen  desirous  of  procuring  a 
beautiful  work  for  their  libraries. 

"  It.  IS  iitiivi-rsally  liiKiwn  to  liteniry  men  ,ts,  m  its  nrjirinal  form,  one  of  ttie  earliest  histories  of 
this  ciiiHil  iv,  :iimI  rerlMnily  one  of  tlie  liest  ever  wnllii]  liy  a  fiireif,nier.  It  lias  lieeii  constantly  anJ 
copiously  nseil  liy  every  one  who  has,  since  its  apiieaiance,  iniilerlakeii  the  history  of  tliis  country. 
In  the  course  of  »he  nieinoir  prefi\eil  to  il.  it  is  viiuhca'eil  from  the  aspersions  cast  on  it  by  Mr. 
B.TiirniO.  who.  iieverlliele.ss.  has  ileriveil  from  it  a  vast  amoniil  of  the  information  anil  ducnnientaiy 
material  of  his  own  aniliiiiuiis,  ahle  and  e.vteiuleil  work  It  is  issued  in  two  volumes,  and  cannot 
fail  to  tiiid  Us  way  to  every  lil)rary  of  any  prifleiisions. — New  York  Courier  and  Enquirer. 

COOPER'S  NAVAL  HISTORY. 


HISTORY  OF  THE  NAVY  OF  THE  UNITED  STATES  OF  AMERICA, 

BY  J.  FENIMORE  COOPER. 

THIRD    EDITION,    WITH    CORRECTIONS    AND    ADDITIONS. 

Complete,  two' volumes  in  one,  neat  e.vtra  cloth, 

With  a  Portrait  of  ilie  Aiillior,  Two  Maps,  and  Portraits  of  Pai'L  Jones,  Bainbridge, 

Dale,  Preble,  Decatur,  Porter,  Perry,  and  McDonouoh. 

WRAXALL'S  HISTORICAL  MEMOIRS. 


HISTORICAL  MEMOIRS  OF  MY  OWN  TIMES, 

BY   SIR  N.  VV.  WRAXALL. 

ONE    NEAT     VOLUME,     EXTRA     CLOTH. 

This  IS  the  work  for  which,  in  consequence  of  too  frntliful  a  portraiture  of  Catherine  II.,  the 
anlhor  was  imprisoiied  and  lined.  Tuuglit  hy  this  experience,  his  succeeding  memoirs  he  sup- 
pressed unlit  utter  Ins  deulh. 


WRAXALL'S  POSTHUMOUS  MEMOIRS. 


POSTHUMOUS  MEMOIRS  OF  HIS  OWN  TIMES, 

BY   SIR  N.  W.  WRAXALL. 

IN   ONE    VOLUME,    EXTRA    CLOTH. 

This  work  ivintains  miicli  secret  and  amusms  anecdote  of  the  prominent  personages  of  the  daj, 
which  rendered  its  posthumous  publication  necessary. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 

WALPOLE'S  LETTERS  AND  MEMOIRS. 

THE  LETTERS  OF  HORACE  WALPOLE,  EARL  OF  ORFORD, 

CONTAINING    NEARLY   THREE    HUNDRED    LETTERS. 

NOW  FIRST  PUBLISHED  FROM  THE  ORIGINALS,  AND  FORMLNG  AN  UNINTER- 

RUFl'ED  SERIES  FROM  1TJ5  TO  1797. 

In  four  large  octavo  volumes,  with  a  portrait  of  the  Author. 

TFrnlsliTTFTTE  r  s. 

THE  LETTERS  OF  HORACE  WALPOLE,  EARL  OF  ORFORD, 

TO  SIR  HORACE  MANN,  FROM  17G0  TO  1785. 

NOW  FIRST  PUBLISHED  FROM  THE  ORIGINAL  MSS. 

In  two  octavo  volumes,  to  match  the  above. 

WAlToTfiTEom 

MEMOIRS  OF  THE  REIGN  OF  KING  GEORGE  THE  THIRD, 

BY   HORACE   WALPOLE. 

NOW  FIRST  PUBLISHED  FROM  THE   ORIGINAL  MSS. 

EDITED,    WITH    NOTES, 

BY  SIR  DENIS  LE  MARCHANT. 

These  Memoirs  oomprise  Hie  first  twelve  years  of  the  reisil  of  George  HI. ;  and  recommend 

liemselves  "  '  '  '  '     '^  " '"  '       '' "° 

with  Aiiieri 


themselves  especmllv  lo  the  re;nler  m  'his  coimlrv,  as  coiitniuius,'  an  accimnl  (jf  tlie  early  troubles 
Liiierica.    They  form  a  sequel  to  the  '•  MiMUoirs  of  George  the  Seoonil,"  by  tlie  same  aullior. 


BROWNING'S  HUGUENOTS. 

HISTORY  OF  THE  HUGUENOTS— A  NEW  EDITION, 

CONTINUED     TO     THE     PRESENT     TIME. 

BY  W.  S.  BROWNING. 
In  one  large  octavo  volume,  e.xtra  cloth, 
"  One  of  the  most  interestmg  and  valuable  ooutrihutions  to  modern  history."— Gentleman's  Maga- 
zine. 

"  Not  the  least  interesting  portion  of  the  work  has  reference  to  the  violence  and  persecutions 
of  1815."— "Hmes. 

INGERSOLL'S   LATE  WAR. 

HISTORICAL   SKETCH    OF   THE   SECOND  WAR   BETWEEN 

THE  UNITED   STATES    OF  AMERICA   AND   GREAT 

BRITAIN,  DECLARED  BY  ACT  OF  CONGRESS, 

JUNE  18,  1812,   AND   CONCLUDED   BY 

PEACE,  FEBRUARY  15,  1815. 

BY   CHAX-lIi^lS    J.   ISJO-ERSOT.L. 

One  volume  octavo  of  51(J  pages,  embracing  the  events  of  1812 — 1813. 

Beautifully  printed,  and  done  up  in  neat  extra  clotli. 

Rm'rCoTRTjF   LOND^ON. 

MEMORANDA  OF  A  RESIDENCE  AT  THE  COURT  OF  LONDON, 

COMPRISING  INCIDENTS  OFIICIAL  AND  PERSONAL  FROM   1«  M  TO  1'-25; 

INCLUDISO  MEGOTIATIONs  ON  THE  ORKfidS   QITsnON,  A.Sn  OTIIKR  INSKTTLEI)  RELATIONS 

let\vi;f..v  Tin.  i-mtkh  ntatks  a.M)  cuk.at  imrrAiN- 

BY  RICKARB  RUSH, 

Envoy  Extraordinary  unil  Wiuister  Plcnirolriiliary  from  th«  IjioUtil  Stales,  fniin  iJ17  to  1825. 

In  one  large  and  beautiful  octavo  volume,  extra  cloth. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 

N  I  EB  U  H  R'S     ROME, 

TUB   mSTOR'Sr    OF   ROSKE, 

BY  B.  G.  NIEBUHR. 

COMPLETE   IN   TWO   LARGE    OCTAVO   VOLUMES. 

Done  up  in  extra  cloth ;  or  five  parts,  paper,  price  $1.00  each. 

The  last  three  parts  of  this  valuable  book  have  never  before  been  published  in  this  country,  hav- 
ing only  lately  been  printed  in  Germany,  and  translated  in  England.  The  tveo  last  of  these  com- 
prise Professor  Niebuhr's  Lectures  on  the  latter  part  of  Roman  History,  so  long  lost  to  the  world. 

"  It  is  an  unexpected  surprise  and  pleasure  to  the  admirers  of  Niebuhr— that  is,  to  all  earnest  stu- 
dents of  ancient  history — to  recover,  as  from  the  grave,  the  lectures  before  us." — Eclectic  Review. 

"  The  world  has  now  in  Niebuhr  an  imperishable  model." — Edinburgh  Review,  Jan.  1844. 

"  Here  we  close  our  remarks  upon  this  memorable  work,  a  work  which,  of  all  that  have  appeared 
in  our  ase,  is  the  best  fitted  to  excite  men  of  learning  to  mtellectual  activity  :  from  which  the  most 
accomplished  scholar  may  gather  fresh  stores  of  knowledge,  to  which  the  most  experienced  politi- 
cian may  resort  for  theoretical  and  practical  instruction,  and  which  no  person  can  read  as  it  ought 
to  be  read,  without  feeling  the  better  and  more  generous  sentiments  of  his  common  human  nature 
enlivened  and  strengthened." — Edinburgh  Revieio. 

"  It  is  since  1  saw  you  that  I  have  been  devouring  with  the  most  intense  admiration  the  third 
volume  of  Niebuhr.  The  clearness  and  comprehensiveness  of  all  his  mihtary  details  is  a  new 
feature  in  that  wondei-fiil  mind,  and  how  inimitably  beautiful  is  that  brief  account  of  Temi." — Dr. 
Arnold  (Life,  vol.  ii.) 

PROFESSOR  RANKE'S  HISTORICAL  WORKS. 

KISTOR-S^   or   THE    POPES, 

THEIR  CHURCH  AND  STATE,  IN  TILE  SIXTEENTH  ANT)  SEVENTEENTH  CENTURIES. 
BY   LEOPOLD    RANKE. 

TK-4NSLATED  FROM  THE  LAST  EDITION  OF  THE  ULRMaN,  BY  WALTER  K.  KELLY,  ESd.,  B.  A. 

In  two  parts,  paper,  at  §1.00  each,  or  one  large  volume,  extra  cloth. 

"A  book  extraordinary  for  its  learning  and  impartiality,  and  for  its  just  and  liberal  views  of  the 
times  it  describes.  The  best  compliment  that  can  be  paid  to  Mr.  Ranke,  is,  that  each  side  has 
accused  him  of  partiality  to  its  opponent:  the  German  Protestants  complaining  that  his  work  is 
written  in  too  CatlioUc  a  spirit ; — the  Catiiolics  declaring,  that  generally  impartial  as  he  is,  it  is 
clear  to  perceive  the  Protestant  tendency  of  the  history." — London  Times. 

THE  TURKISH  JBJNn  SPjA,2TISH  EMPIRES, 

IN  THE   SIXTEENTH   CENTURY   AND   BEGINNING   OF   THE  SEM2NTEENTH, 
BY   PROFESSOR    LEOPOLD    RANKE. 

TRANSLATED  FROM  THE  LAST  EDITION  OF  THE  GERMAN,  BY  WALTER  K.  KELLY,  ESQ. 

Complete  in  one  part,  paper,  price  75  cents. 

This  work  was  pubhshed  bv  the  author  in  connexion  with  the  "  History  of  the  Popes,"  under 
the  name  of  "  Sovereigns  and  Nations  of  Southern  Europe,  in  the  Sixteenth  and  Seventeenth  Cen- 
turies." It  may  be  used  separately,  or  bouiid  up  with  that  work,  for  wluch  purpose  two  titles  will 
be  fomid  in  it. 

HISTOHiT  or  THE  RSFORMATION-  11^  GERMii.Sir'S', 

BY   PROFESSOR   LEOPOLD   RANKE. 
PARTS   FIRST,   SECOND    AND    THIRD    NOW    READY. 

TRANSLATED  FROM  THE  SECOND  EDITION,  BY  SARAH  ACSTIN. 
To  be  completed  in  Five  parts,  each  part  containing  one  volume  of  the  London  edition. 
Few  modern  writers  possess  such  quahfications  for  doing  justice  to  so  great  a  subject  as  Leo- 
pold Ranke. — Indefatigable  in  exertions,  he  revels  in  llie  toil  of  examining  archives  and  state 
papers :  honest  m  purpose,  he  sliapes  his  theories  from  evidence ;  not  like  D'Aubigne,  whose 
romance  of  the  Reformation  selects  evidence  to  support  preconceived  theory.  Ranke  never  forgets 
the  statesman  in  the  theologian,  or  the  historian  in  the  partisan." — Athencmm. 

BB.QUG-H.A.'Sfl  ON  THE  THENCH  REVOIjX7TX027. 

One  volume  12mo.,  paper,  price  50  cents. 

STUDIES   OF  THE  LIFE   OF  WOMAJST. 

FROM  THE  FRENCH  OF  MADAME  NECKER  DE  SAUSSURE. 
In  one  neat  12mo.  volume,  fancy  paper.    Price  75  cents. 

THE  EDUCATION  OF  MOTHERS;  OR,  CIVILIZATION  OF 
MANKIND  BY  WOMEN. 

FROM  THE  FRENCH  OF  L.  AIME  MARTIN. 
In  one  12mo.  volume,  paper,  price  75  cents ;  or  in  extra  cloth. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 

SMALL  BOOKS  ON  GREAT  SUBJECTS. 

A   SERIES    OF   -WORKS 

WHICH   DESERVE  THE  ATTENTION  OF  THE   PUBLIC,   FROM  THE   VARIETY  AND 

BIPORTANCE   OF   THEIR   SUBJECTS,   AND   THE   CONCISENESS   AND 

STRENGTH  WITH  WHICH  THEY  ARE  WRITTEN. 

They  form  a  neat  18mo.  series,  in  paper,  or  strongly  done  lip  in  three  neat  volumes,  extra  cloth. 

THERE  ARE  ALREADY  PUBLISHED, 

No.  1.— PHILOSOPHICAL  THEORIES  AND  PHILOSOPHICAL  EXPERIENXE. 

2.— ON  THE  CONJs'EXlON  BETWEEN  PHVSIOLOGY  AND  INTELLECTUAL  SCIENCE. 

3.— ON  MAN'S  POWER  0\'ER  HIMSELF,  TO  PREVENT  OR  CONTROL  INSANITY. 

4.— AN   INTRODUCTION   TO   PRACTICAL   ORGANIC    CHEMISTRY,    WITH   REFER- 
ENCES TO  THE  WORKS  OF  DAVY,  BR.A.NDE,  LIEBIC.ic. 

5.— A  BRIEF  VIEW  OF  GREEK  PHILOSOPHY  UP  TO  THE  AGE  OF  PERICLES. 

6.— GREEK  PHILOSOPHY  FROM  THE  AGE  OF  SOCKATES   TO  THE  COJUNG  OF 
CHRIST. 

7.— CHRISTIAN  DOCTRINE  AND  PRACTICE  LN  THE  SECOND  CENTURY. 

8.— AN  EXPOSITION  OF  \irLGAR  AND  COMMON  ERRORS,  ADAPTED  TO  THE  YEAE 
OF  GRACE  MDCCCXLY. 

9.— AN  INTRODUCTION  TO  VEGETABLE  PHYSIOLOGY,  WITH  REFERENCES  TO 
THE  WORKS  OF  DE  CANDOLLE,  LINDLEY,  &c. 

lO.-ON  THE  PRINCIPLES  OF  CRIMINAL  LAW. 

IL— CHR1STI.\N  SECTS  IN  THE  NINETEENTH  CENTURY. 
12.— THE  GENERAL  PRINCIPLES  OF  GRAlDIAil. 

"  We  are  glad  to  find  that  Messrs.  Lea  &.  Blanchard  are  reprinting^,  for  a  quarter  of  their  original 
price,  this  admirable  series  of  little  books,  which  have  justly  attracted  so  much  attention  in  Great 
Brilain."— Graham's  Magazine. 

"The  writers  of  these  thoughtful  treatises  are  not  labourers  for  hire  ;  they  are  men  who  have 
stood  apart  from  the  throng,  and  marked  the  movements  of  the  crowd,  the  tendencies  of  society, 
its  evUs  and  its  errors,  and,  meditating  upon  them,  have  given  their  thoughts  to  the  thoughtful." — 
London  Critic. 

"A  series  of  httle  volumes,  whose  worth  is  not  at  all  to  be  estimated  by  their  size  or  price.  They 
are  written  in  England  by  scholars  of  eminent  ability,  whose  design  is  to  call  the  attention  of  the 
public  to  various  important  topics,  in  a  novel  and  accessible  mode  of  publication." — N.  Y.  Morning 
News. 

MACKINTOSH'S  DISSERTATION  ON  THE  PROGRESS 
OF  ETHICAL  PHILOSOPHY, 

WITH    A   PREFACE    BY 

THE  REV.  WILLIAM  WHEWELL,  M.  A. 
In  one  neat  8vo.  vol.,  extra  cloth. 

OVERLAND   JOURNEY   ROUND   THE   WORLD, 

DURING  THE  YEARS  1841  AND  1842, 
BY    SIR    GEORGE    SIMPSON, 

GOVERNOR-IN-CHIEF  OF  THE  HUDSON'S  BAY  COMPANY'S  TERRITORIES. 

In  one  very  neat  crown  octavo  volume,  rich  extra  crimson  cloth,  or  in  two 

parts,  paper,  price  75  cents  each. 

"A  more  valuable  or  instructive  work,  or  one  more  full  of  perilous  adventure  and  heroic  enter- 
prise, we  have  never  met  wiih."— John  Bull. 

"It  abounds  with  details  of  the  deepest  interest,  possesses  all  the  charms  of  an  exciting  romance, 
and  furnishes  an  immense  mass  of  valuable  information." — Inquirer. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 

UNITED  STATES  EXPLORING  EXPEDITION. 

THE  NARUATIVE  OF  THE 

UNITED  STATES  EXPLORING  EXPEDITION, 

DtUMNG  TIIK  YEARS  1*^38,  '30,  '40.  41.  AND  '42. 
BY    C  H  A  R  li  K  S    WILKES,    E  S  ^'t    V.S.N. 

COMMANDER   OF  THE   EXrEDITION,    ETC. 

PRICE    TWENTY-FIVE    DOLLARS. 
A  New  Eriition.  in  Five  Medium  Octavo  Vnlunics,  neat  Extra  Cloth,  particularly  done 
up  with  reference  tn  strength  and  continin'd  use :  containing  'J'wenty  Six  Hun- 
dred Pages  of  Letter-press,     llliisiiratpil  with  Map?,  and  about  Three 
Hundred  Splendid  Engravings  on  Wood. 

PRICE  ONLY  T-WO  DOLLARS  A  VOLUME. 

Tliough  offered  at  a  price  so  low,  this  is  the  complete  work,  containing  all  the  letter-press  of  the 
edition  printed  for  Contsress,  wiih  some  improvements  su^fiested  in  the  course  of  passing  the  work 
a^in  throush  the  press.  All  of  the  wntMl-cut  illustrations  are  retained,  and  nearly  all  the  maps  ; 
the  large  steel  plates  of  the  quarto  edition  being  omitted,  and  neat  wood-cuts  substituted  for  forly- 
seven  steel  vignettes.  It  is  printed  on  tine  paper,  with  large  type,  bound  in  very  neat  extra  cloth, 
and  forms  a  beautiful  work,  with  its  very  numerous  and  appropriate  embellishments. 

The  attention  of  persons  forming  libraries  is  especially  directed  to  this  work,  as  presenting  the 
novel  and  valuable  matter  accumulated  by  the  Expedition  in  a  cheap,  convenient,  and  readable  form. 

SCHOOL  and  other  PUBLIC  LTBRARIES  sliould  not  be  without  it,  as  embodying  the  results  of 
the  First  Scientific  Expedition  comnussioued  by  our  government  to  cxjdore  foreign  regions. 

"We  have  no  hesitation  in  saying  that  it  is  destined  to  stand  among  the  most  enduring  monu- 
ments of  our  national  literature.  Us  contributions  not  only  to  every  department  of  science,  but 
eveiy  department  of  history,  are  immense  ;  and  there  is  not  an  intelligent  man  in  the  conmiunity — 
no  matter  what  may  be  his  taste,  or  his  occupation,  but  will  find  somethiiis  here  to  enlighten,  to 
gratify,  and  to  profit  \mu."—Alian!/  Religious  Siiectator. 


ANOTHER    EDITION. 
PRICE  TWEiVIY-FIVE  DOLLARS. 

IN  FIVE   MAGNIFICENT   IMPERIAL   OCTAVO  VOLUMES: 

WITH  AN    ATLAS  OF  LARGE   AND  EXTENDED  MAPS. 

BEAUTIFULLY  DONE  UP  IN  EXTKA  CLOTH. 

This  truly  great  atid  National  Work  is  issued  in  a  style  of  superior  magnificence 
and  beauty,  containing  Sixty-four  large  and  finished  Line  Engravings,  embracing 
Scenery,  Portraits,  Manners,  Customs,  &c.,  &c.  Forty-seven  exquisite  Steel  Vignettes, 
worked  among  the  letter-press;  about  Two  Hundred  and  Fifty  tinely-executed  Wood- 
cut Illustrations,  Fourteen  large  and  small  Maps  and  Charts,  and  nearly  Twenty-six 
Hundred  pages  of  Letter-press. 


ALSO,  A  FEW  COPIES  STILL  ON  HAND. 

THE  EDITION  PRINTED  FOR   CONGRESS, 

IN  FIVE   VOLUKIES,  AND  AN  ATLAS. 

LARGE  IMPERIAL  QUARTO,  STRONG  EXTRA  CLOTH. 

PRICE    SIXTY    DOLLARS. 


JUST  ISSUED, 

THE  ETHNOGRAPHY   AND  PHILOLOGY  OF  THE   UNITED 
STATES   EXPLORING  EXPEDITION. 

UNDER  THE  COMMAND  OF  CHARLES  WILKES,  ESQ.,  U.  S.  NAVY. 
BY    HORATIO    HALK, 

PHILOLOGIST   TO  THE   EIPEDITIOX. 

In  one  large  imperial  octavo  volume  of  nearly  seven  hundred  pages.    With  two  Maps,  pnnted  to 
match  the  Congress  copies  of  the  "  Narrative." 

Price  TEN  DOLLARS,  in  beautiful  extra  cloth,  done  up  with  great  strengtn. 

•»*  This  is  the  only  edition  printed,  and  but  few  are  offered  for  sale. 

The  remainder  of  the  scientific  works  of  the  Expedition  are  in  a  state  of  rapid  progress.  The 
volume  on  Corals,  by  J.  D.  Dana,  Esq.,  with  an  Atlas  of  Plates,  will  be  shortly  ready,  to  be  fol- 
lowed by  the  others. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


"1 


DON    QUIXOTE-ILLUSTRATED    EDITION. 

NOW   READY. 


DON  QUIXOTE 'DE  LA  MANCIIA, 

TRANSLATED    FROM  THE  SrANISlI  OF 

MIGUEL    DE   CERVANTES   SAAVEDRA. 

BY    CHARLES    JARVIS,    ESQ. 

CAREFULLY  REVISED  AND  CORIilXTEn,  WITH   A  MEMOIR  OF  TIIE  AUTHOR  AND  A 

NOIICE  OF  HIS  WOKKS. 

WITH   NUMEROUS  ILLUSTRATIONS, 

BY    TONY    JOHANNOT. 
In  two  beautifully  primed  vnlumes,  crown  octavo,  rich  extra  crimson  cloth. 


The  publishers  are  happjr  in  presenting  to  the  admirers  of  Don  Quixote  an  edition  of  that  work 
in  some  degree  worthy  of  its  reputation  and  popularity.  The  want  of  such  a  one  has  long  been  felt 
in  tliis  country,  and  in  presenting  this,  they  have  only  to  express  their  hope  that  it  may  meet  the 
numerou.>;  demands  and  inquiries.  The  translation  is  that  by  Jarvis,  which  is  acknowledged  supe- 
rior in  both  force  and  fidelity  to  all  others,  it  has  in  some  few  instances  been  slightly  altered  to  adapt 
it  better  to  modem  readers,  or  occasionally  to  suit  it  to  the  inimitable  designs  of  Tony  Johaiinot. 
These  latter  are  admitted  to  be  the  only  successful  pictorial  exponents  of  the  wit  and  humor  of 
Cervantes,  and  a  choice  selection  of  them  have  been  engraved  in  the  best  manner.  A  copious 
memoir  of  the  author  and  his  works  has  been  added  by  the  editor.  The  volumes  are  printed  in 
large  clear  tj^ie,  on  fine  papei.and  handsomely  bound,  and  the  whole  is  confidently  offered  as 
worthy  the  ap'U'obation  of  all  readers  of  this  imperishable  romance. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


PICCIOLA. 

ILLUSTRATED    EDITION. 


PICCIOLA, THE  PRISONER  OF  FENESTRELLA; 

OR,   CAPTIVITY   CAPTIVE. 
BY  X.  B.  SAINTINE. 

A    NEW     EDITION,    WITH     ILLUSTRATIONS. 

In  one  elegant  duodecimo  volume,  large  type,  and  fine  paper;  price  in  fancy  covers 
50  cents,  or  in  beautiful  extra  crimson  cloth. 

"  Perliaps  the  most  beautiful  and  toucliing  work  of  fiction  ever  written,  with  the  exception  of 
Undine." — Atlas. 

"  The  same  publishers  have  shown  their  patriotism,  common  sense,  and  good  taste  by  putting 
forth  their  fourth  edition  of  this  work,  with  a  set  of  very  beautiful  engraved  embellishments.  There 
never  was  a  book  v/liich  better  deserved  the  compliment.  It  is  one  of  greatly  superior  merit  to 
Paul  and  Virginia,  and  we  believe  it  is  destined  to  surpass  that  popular  work  of  St.  Pierre  in  popu- 
larity. It  is  better  suited  to  the  advanced  ideas  of  tlie  present  age,  and  possesses  peculiar  moral 
chanins  in  which  Paul  and  Virginia  is  deficient.  St.  Pierre's  work  derived  its  popularity  from  its 
bold  attack  on  feudal  prejudices;  Saintine's  strikes  deeper,  and  assails  the  secret  infidelity  which 
is  the  bane  of  modem  society,  in  its  stronghold.  A  thousand  editions  of  Picdola  will  not  be  too 
many  for  its  merit." — Lady's  Book. 

"  This  is  a  little  gem  of  its  kind — a  beautiful  conceit,  beautifully  unfolded  and  applied.  The  style 
and  plot  of  this  truly  charmmg  story  require  no  criticism  ;  we  will  only  express  the  wish  that  tliose 
who  rely  on  works  of  fiction  for  their  intellectual  food,  may  always  find  those  as  pure  in  language 
and  beautiful  in  moral  as  Picciola." — New  York  Review. 

'•  The  present  edition  is  got  up  in  beautiful  style,  with  illustrations,  and  reflects  credit  upon  the 
publishers.  We  recommend  to  those  of  our  readers  who  were  not  fortunate  enough  to  meet  with 
i'lcciola  some  years  ago,  when  it  was  first  translated,  and  for  a  season  all  the  rage,  to  lose  no  time 
in  procuring  it  now — and  to  those  who  read  it  then,  but  do  not  possess  a  copy,  to  embrace  the  op- 
portunity of  supplying  themselves  from  the  present  very  excellent  edition." — Saturday  Evening  Post. 

"  A  new  edition  of  this  exquisite  story  has  recently  been  issued  by  Messrs.  Lea  <k  Blanchard, 
embelUshed  and  illustrated  in  the  most  elegant  manner.  We  understand  that  the  work  was  com- 
pletely out  of  print,  and  a  new  edition  will  then  be  welcomed.  It  contains  a  rlehghtful  letter  (rom 
the  author,  giving  a  painful  tnsiglit  into  the  personal  history  of  the  characters  who  figure  in  the 
story." — JSveniiig  Bulletin. 

"  The  most  charming  work  we  have  read  for  many  a  iay."— Richmond  Enquirer. 

LOVER'S  RORY  O'MORE. 


ROB, "ST  0'I!sZORi:-.A.  £?iLTIO£3'ikX.  HOmilTTCi:, 

BY   SAMUEL   LOVER. 

A  new  and  cheap  edition,  with  Illustrations  by  the  Author.    Price  only  25  cents. 

Also,  a  beautiful  edition  in  royal  12mo.,  price  50  cents,  to  match  the  following. 

"A  truly  Irish,  national,  and  characteristic  story." — London  Literary  Gazette. 

"  Mr.  Lover  has  here  produced  his  best  work  of  fiction,  which  will  survive  when  half  the  Irish 
sketches  with  which  the  literary  world  teems  are  forgotten.  The  interest  we  take  m  the  varied 
adventures  of  Rory  is  never  once  suffered  to  abate.  We  welcome  him  with  high  deUghl,  and 
part  from  him  with  regret." — Loiulon  Sun. 

LOVER'S  IRISH  STORIES. 

ZjI!&I:S7Z»S  ,A.£TB  ST0HI:BS  or  lB.IlIt£^2^Ii, 

BY    SAMUEL    LOVER. 

In  one  very  neat  12mo.  volume,  fine  paper,  extra  cloth  or  fancy  paper, 

With  Illustrations  by  the  Author. 

LOVER'S  SONGS  AND  BALLADS, 

INCLUDING   THOSE    OF   THE    "IRISH  EVENINGS." 

In  one  neat  12mo.  volume,  price  25  cents. 


OR  THE  MEMOIRS  OF  A  STATESMAN  AND  SOLDIER. 

BY  THE   REV.   GEORGE   CROLY, 
Author  of  "  Salathiel,"  "  Angel  of  the  World,"  &c. 
In  one  octavo  volume,  paper,  price  fifty  cents. 
"A  work  of  high  character  and  absorbmg  interest."—  New  Orleans  Bee. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


BIOGRAPHY  AND  POETICAL  REMAINS 

OF    THE    LATE 

lyS^RGilKCT    MIIiXiBR    DAVIDSOXT. 
BV     WASHINGTON     IRVING. 

A  NEW  EDITION,  REVISED. 

POETICAL   REMAINS 

OF    THE    LATE 

liUCRETIA    MARIA    DAVIDSOSiT. 

COLLECTED  AND  ARRANGED  BY  IIi;i{  MOl'liER,  WITH  A  BIOGRAPHY  BY 

MISS  SEDGWICK. 

A    NEW    EDITION,    REVISED 

SELECTIONS  FROM  TliE 

WRITINGS  OF  MRS.  MARGARET  M.  DAVIDSON, 

THE  MOTHER  OF  LUORETI.\  AND  MAUOARET. 

WITH  A  PRCFACE  BY  MISS  SEDGWICK. 
The  above  three  works  are  (lone  up  to  match  in  a  neat  dunderumo  form,  fancy  paper,  price  fifty 
cents  each  ;  or  m  extra  clulli. 

THE  LANGUAGE  OF  FLOWERS, 

WITH   ILLUSTKATIVE   POETRY;  TO  WHICH  ARE   NOW  ADDED   THE 
CALENDAR  OF  FLOWERS,  AND  THE  DIAL  OP  FLOWERS. 

SEVENTH   AMERICAN,    PROM   THE    NINTH    LONDON    EDITION. 

Revised  by  the  Editor  of  the  "Forget-Me-Not." 
fn  one  very  neat  ISino.  volume,  extra  crimson  cloth,  gilt.    With  six  colored  Plates. 

CAMPBELL'S  POETICAL  WORKS, 

THE  ONLY  COMPLETE  AMERICAN  EDITION, 

WITH  A  MEMOIR   OF  THE  AUTHOR  BY  IRVING,  AND  AN 

ESSAY  ON  HIS  GENIUS  BY  JEFFREY. 

In  one  beautiful  crown  octavo  volume,  extra  cloth,  or  calf  gilt :  with  a  Portrait  and  12  Plates. 

KEBLE'S  CHRISTIAN  YEAR, 

EDITED   BY   THE   RIGHT   REV.   BISHOP   DOANE. 

Miniature  Edition,  in32mo.,  extra  cloth,  with  Illuminated  Title. 

RELIGIO  MEDICI,  AND  ITS  SEQUEL,  CHRISTIAN  MORALS, 

BY   SIR   THOMAS   BROWNE,   KT., 

WITH  RESEMBLANT  PASSAGES   FROM   COWPER'S  TASK. 
In  one  neat  ]2nio.  volume. 

HEMANS'S  COMPLETE  POETICAL  WORKS, 

IN   SEVEN    VOLUMES,    ROYAL   12mO.,    PAPER    OR    CLOTH. 


ROGERS'S  POEMS, 


ILLUSTRATED, 
IN    ONE    IMPERIAL   OCTAVO    VOLUME,    EXTRA    CLOTH    OR    WHITE    CALF. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 

DICKENS'S    WORKS. 

VARIOUS    EDITIONS    AND   PRICES. 


CHEAPEST  EDITION  IN   NINE   PARTS  PAPER, 

AS   FOLLOWS: 
THE  PICKWICK  PAPERS,  1  large  vol.  8vo.,  paper,  price  50  cents. 
OLIVER  TWIST,  1  vol.  8vo.,  paper,  price  25  cents. 
SKETCHES  OF  EVERY-DAY-LIFE,  1  vol.  8vo.,  paper,  price 37^  cents. 
NICHOLAS  NICKLEBY,  1  large  vol.  8vo.,  paper,  price  50  cents. 
THE  OLD  CURIOSITY  SHOP,  1  vol.  8vo.,  paper,  with  many  Cuts, 

price  50  cents. 
BARNABY  RUDGE,  1  vol.  8vo.,  with  many  Cuts,  price  50  cents. 
MARTIN  CHUZZLEWIT,  1  vol.  8vo.,  with  plates,  price  50  cents. 

CHRISTMAS  STORIES.— The  Carol,  The  Chf-vies,  The  Cricket  on 
THE  Hearth,  and  The  Battle  of  Life — together  with  Pictures  from 
Italy,  1  vol.  8vo.,  price  37^  cents. 

DOMBEY  AND  SON,  Part  I.,  to  be  completed  in  Two  Parts,  price  25 
cents  each. 
Forming  a  neat  and  uniform  Edition  of  these  popular  works.    Any  work  sold  separately. 

ALSO, 

A  UNIFORM  AND  CHEAP  EDITION  OF 

DICKENS'S   NOVELS   AND   TALES, 

IN    THREE    LARGE    VOLUMES, 


THE  NOVELS  ikKD  TALES  Or  CM^JLI^HS  DICKEITS, 

(BOZ,) 
In  Three  large  and  beautiful  Oclavo  Volumes,  done  up  in  Extra  Cloth, 

CONTAINIJfG   ABOUT   TWENTT-TWO    HUNDRED    AND    FIFTY    LARGE   DOUBLE 

COLUMNED    PAGES. 
PRICE  FOR  THE  VSTHOLE,  ONLY  THREE  DOLLARS  AND  SEVENTY-FIVE  CENTS. 

The  frequent  inquiries  for  a  uniform,  compact  and  good  eJition  of  Boz's  works, have  induced  the 
publjsliers  to  prepare  one,  which  they  now  offer  at  a  price  so  low  that  it  should  command  a  very 
extended  sale.  It  is  printed  on  fine  white  paper,  with  good  type,  and  forms  three  large  volumes, 
averaging  about  seven  hundred  and  fifty  pages  each,  done  up  in  various  styles  of  extra  cloth,  malung 
a  bpauliful  and  portable  editiim.— Some  of  tlie  works  are  illustrated  with  Wood  Engravings. 

This  Edition  comprehends  the  first  seven  parts,  and  will  be  completed  with  the  issue  of  the 
Fourth  Volume,  on  the  completion  of  "  Donibey  and  Son,"  now  in  progress  of  publication,  con- 
taining that  work,  the  "  Christmas  Stories,"  and  "  Pictures  from  Italy."  Purchasers  may  thus  rely 
ou  being  able  to  perfect  their  sets. 

ALSO,  AN  EDITION  PROFUSELY  ILLUSTRATED  WITH 

ONE  HUNDRED  AND  THIRTY-FOUR  PLATES,  AND  ONE 
HUNDRED  AND  FORTY  WOOD-CUTS. 

In  Imperial  octavo,  extra  cloth,  on  fine  white  paper. 

lU'The  above  are  the  only  Complete  and  Uniform  Editions  of  Dickens's  Works  now 
before  the  public. 

NOVV  PUBLISHING, 

S0M2EY    AND    SON. 

FINE   EDITION, 

In  twenty  numbers,  price  8  cents  each,  with  two  illustrations  by  Hablot 

K.  Browne  in  each  number. 
This  is  the  only  edition  which  presents  the  plates  accompanying  the  text  to  whicli  they  refer. 


J 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


SELECT  WORKS  OF  FIELDING  AND  SMOLLETT, 

rrintcd  in  a  neal  anil  uniform  style,  to  innirli  the  cheap  eililion  of  Dickens's  Works. 

SELECT  WORKS  OF  TOBIAS  SMOLLETT, 

WITH  A  MEMOIR    OF   HIS   LIFE  AND   WRITINGS, 
BY    SIK    WALTER    SCOTT. 

THIS    EDITION    CONTAINS: 
THE  ADVENTfRES  OF  RODERICIC  RANDOM.    Price  twenty-five  cents. 
THE  ADVENTL'RES  OF  PEKEfiKlNE  PICKLE.    Pnre  filly  cents. 
THE  EXPEDITION  OF  HUMPHREY  CLINKER.     Price  twenty-five  cents. 
THE  ADVENTURES  OF  FERDINAND  COUNT  FATHO.M.    Price  twenty-five  cents. 
THE  ADVENTURES  OF  SII{  LAUNCELOT  GREAVES,  THE  HISTORY  AND  ADVENTURES 
OF  AN  ATO.M,  AND  SELECT  POEMS.     Price  twenty-five  cents. 

Or,  the  whole  done  up  in  one  very  large  oclavo  volume,  extra  cloth. 

s  E  L  E  cTlivmiTrHlNTrF^ 

WITH  A   MEMOIR   OF  HIS   LI  F  E  A  N  D  W  RI  TI  N  GS, 
BY  SIR  WALTER  SCOTT, 

AND  AN  ESSAY  ON  fHS  LIFE  AND  GENIUS, 

BY  ARTHUR  MURPHY,  ESQ. 
THIS    EDITION    CONTAINS: 
TOJI  JONES,  OR  THE  HISTORY  OF  A  FOUNDLING.    Price  fifty  cents. 
THE   ADVENTURES  OF  JOSEPH  ANDREWS,  AND  HIS  FRIEND  MR.  ABRAHAM  ADA.MS. 

Price  fifty  cents. 
AMELIA.    Price  twenty-five  cents. 

THE  LIFE  OF  JONATHAN  WILD  THE  GREAT.    Price  twenty-five  cents. 
Or,  the  whole  iri  cue  large  octavo  volume,  extra  cloth. 

COOPER'S   NOVELS  AND  TALES. 

A  UNIFORM  EDITION, 

IN  TWENTY-THREE  LARGE  DUODECIMO  VOLUMES, 

WELL  BOUND  IN   SHEEP   GILT, 
Forming  a  beautiful  scries,  each  volume  comprehending  a  novel. 

ALSO,  A   CHEAP  EDITION, 

IN   FORTY- SIX   VOLUMES,   DUODECIMO 


DONE  UP  IN  NEAT  PAPER  COVERS. 

Price  only  twenty-five  cents  a  volume,  each  work  in  two  volumes. 

Eold  separate. 


Any  novel 


comprising: 

THE  SPY-THE  WATERVnTCH—HEIDENMAUER— PRECAUTION— HOMEWARD  BOUND 
—HOME  AS  FOUND-IHE  LAST  OF  THE  MOHICANS— THE  HEADSMAN— THE  TWO 
ADMIRALS— THE  PIONEERS-THE  PILOT— LIONEL  LINCOLN— THE  PATOFINDER— 
THE  WISH-TON-WISH— .MERCEDES  OF  CASTILE— THE  .MONIKINS— THE  BRAVO— 
THE  DEERSLAVER-THE  PRAIRIE— THE  RED  ROVER— WING  AND  WING— WYAN- 
DOTTE, OR  THE  HUTTED  KNOLL;  AND  THE  TRAVELING  BACHELOR. 

ALSO,  NED  MYERS;  OR,  A  LIFE  BEFORE  THE  MAST, 

In  one  12mo.  volume.    Price  twenty-five  cents. 

AI.SO,  COOPER'S  SliA  TAZiSS, 

In  si.v  neat  volumes,  rnyal  12mo.,  e.xtra  cloth. 


COOPER'S  LEATHER  STOCKING  T-S.I.ES, 

In  five  neat  volumes,  royal  I3mo.,  extra  cloth. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


BOY'S  TREASURY  OF   SPORTS. 

THE  BOrS  TREASURY  OF  SPORTS,  PASTIMES  AND  RECREATIONS. 

WITH   FOUK   HUNDRED   ILLUSTRATIONS, 
BY   SAMUEL    ■WIIililAiVIS. 

IS  NOW  READY. 

In  one  very  neat  volume,  bound  in  extra  crimson  cloth;   handsomely  printed   and 

illustrated  with  engravings  in  tlie  first  style  of  art,  and  containing 

about  six  hundred  and  fifty  articles.    A  present  for  all  seasons. 


PREFACE. 

This  illustrated  Manual  of"  Sports.  Pastimes,  and  Recreations,"  has  been  prepared  with  especial 
regard  to  the  Health,  Exercise,  and  Rational  Enjoyment  of  the  young  readers  to  whom  it  is  ad- 
dressed. 

Every  variety  of  commendable  Recreation  will  be  found  in  the  foUowinsr  papres.  First,  you  hare 
the  little  Toys  of  the  Nursery ;  the  Tops  and  Marbles  of  the  Play-ground  ;  and  the  Bails  of  the 
Play-room,  or  the  smoolh  Lawn. 

Then,  you  have  a  number  of  Pastimes  that  serve  to  gladden  the  fireside  ;  to  light  up  many  faces 
riglit  joyfully,  and  m;ike  the  parlour  re-ec!io  with  mirth. 

Next,  come  the  Exercising  Sports  of  the  Field,  the  Green,  and  the  Play-ground ;  followed  by 
the  noble  and  truly  English  game  of  Cricket. 

GjTTinastics  are  next  admitted;  then,  the  delightful  recreation  of  Swimming  ;  and  the  healthful 
sport  of  Skating. 

Archery,  once  the  pride  of  England,  is  then  detailed  ;  and  very  properly  followed  by  Instructions 
in  the  graceful  accompUshment  of  Fencing,  and  the  manly  and  enlivening  exercise  of  Riding. 

Angling,  the  pastime  of  childhood,  boyhood,  manhood,  and  old  age,  is  next  described  ;  and  by 
attention  to  the  instructions  here  laid  down,  the  lad  with  a  stick  and  a  string  may  soon  become  an 
expert  Angler. 

Keeping  Auinsals  is  a  favourite  pursuit  of  boyhood.  Accordingly,  we  have  described  how  to  rear 
the  Rabbit,  the  Squirrel,  the  Dormouse,  the  Guinea  Pig,  the  Pigeon,  and  the  Silkworm.  A  long 
chapter  is  adapted  to  the  rearing  of  Song  Birds ;  the  several  varieties  of  wliich,  and  their  respective 
cages,  are  next  described.  And  here  we  may  hint,  that  kindness  to  Animals  invariably  denotes  an 
excellent  disposition ;  for,  to  pet  a  little  creature  one  hour,  and  to  treat  it  harshly  the  next,  marks 
a  capricious  if  not  a  cruel  temper.  Humanity  is  a  jewel,  wliich  every  boy  should  be  proud  to  wear 
in  his  breast. 

We  now  approach  the  more  sedate  amusements — as  Draughts  and  Chess ;  two  of  the  noblest 
exercises  of  the  ingenuity  of  tlie  human  mind.  Dominoes  and  Bagatelle  follow.  With  a  know- 
ledge of  these  four  games,  who  woidd  pass  a  dull  hour  m  the  dreariest  day  of  winter ;  or  who 
would  sit  idly  by  the  fire  ? 

Amuscnisnts  In  Arithmetic,  harmless  Legerdemain,  or  sleight-of-hand,  and  Tricks  with  Cards, 
vrill  deliglit  many  a  family  circle,  when  the  business  of  the  day  is  over,  and  the  book  is  laid  aside. 

Alohougli  the  present  volume  is  a  book  of  amusements.  Science  has  not  been  excluded  from  its 
pages.  And  why  should  it  be  1  when  Science  is  as  entertaining  as  a  fairy  tale.  The  ciianges  we 
read  of  in  little  nursery-books  are  not  more  amusing  than  the  changes  in  Chemfetry,  Optics,  Elec- 
tricity, Magnetism,  &c.    By  understanding  these,  you  may  almost  become  a  little  Magician. 

Toy  Balloons  and  Paper  Fireworks,  (or  Fireworks  without  Fire,)  come  next.  Then  follow  In- 
structions for  Modelhng  in  Card-Board ;  so  that  you  may  budd  for  yourself  a  palace  or  a  carriage, 
and,  in  sliort,  make  for  yourself  a  little  paper  world. 

Puzzles  and  P.tradoxes,  Eniemas  and  Kiddles,  and  Talking  with  the  Fingers,  next  make  up  plenty 
of  exercise  for  "  Guess,"  and  "  Guess  again."  And  as  you  have  the  "  Keys"  in  your  own  hand,  you 
may  keep  your  friends  in  saspense,  an  J  make  yourself  as  mysterious  as  tlie  Sphynx. 

A  chapter  of  Miscellanies — useful  and  amusing  secrets — winds  up  the  volume. 

The  "  Treasury"  contains  upwards  ol  four  hundred  Engravings :  so  that  it  is  not  only  a  collection 
of  "  secrets  worth  knowing,"  but  it  is  a  book  of  pictures,  as  full  of  prints  as  a  Christmas  pudding 
is  of  plums. 

It  maybe  as  well  to  mention  that  the  "Treasury"  holds  many  new  games  that  have  never 
before  been  printed  in  a  book  of  this  kind.  The  old  games  have  been  described  aftesh.  Thus  it 
is,  altogether,  a  new  book. 

.\nd  now  we  take  leave,  wishing  you  many  hours,  and  days,  and  weeks  of  enjoyment  over  thess 
pages;  and  we  hope  that  you  may  be  as  happy  as  this  l)ook  is  brimful  of  amusement. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


POPULAR   SCIENCE. 


PHILOSOPHY  IN  SPORT,  MADE  SCIENCE  IN  EARNEST, 

BEING  AN  ATTEMPT  TO  ILLUSTRATE  THE  FIRST  PRIN- 
CIPLES OF  NATURAL  PHILOSOPHY,  BY  THE 
AID  OF  THE  POPULAR  TOYS  AND 
SPORTS  OF  YOUTH. 

FROM   THE   SIXTH    AND    GREATLY    IMPROVED    LONDON    EDITION. 

In  one  very  neat  royal  J8aio.  voliiine,  with  nearly  one  hundred  illustrations  on  wood. 

Fine  extra  crimson  cloth. 

"  Jlessrs.  Lea  A;  Blancliard  have  issued,  in  a  beautiful  maimer,  a  handsome  book,  called  '  Philoso- 
phy in  Sport,  made  Science  in  Earnest.'  Tiiis  is  an  admirable  attempt  to  illustrate  the  first  prin- 
ciples of  Natural  Pliilosophy,  by  the  aid  of  the  popular  toys  and  sports  of  youth.  Useful  informa- 
tion is  conveyed  in  au  easy,  (jraceful,  yet  dignified  manner,  and  rendered  easy  to  the  simplest  under- 
standing. Tire  book  is  au  admirable  one,  and  must  meet  with  umversal  favour." — N.  Y.  Evening 
Mirror. 


ENDLESS     AMUSEMENT, 


JUST    ISSUED. 


ENDLESS    AMUSExMENT, 

A    COLLECTION    OF 

NEARLY  FOUR  HUNDRED  ENTERTAINING  EXPERIMENTS 
IN  VARIOUS  BRANCHES  OF  SCIENCE, 

INCLUDINS 

ACOUSTICS.  ARITHJrETIC,  CHEJIISTRY,  ELECTRICITY,  IIYBRAULICS,  HYDROSTATICS, 

JUGNETISM,  MECHANICS,  OPTICS,  WONDERS  OF  THE  AIR  PUMP,  ALL  THE 

POPULAR  TRICKS  A.\'D  CHANGES  OF  THE  CAR,DS,  &c.,  6ic. 

TO   WHICH   IS   ADDED, 

A  COMPLETE  SYSTEM   OF  PYROTECIINY, 

OR  THE  ART  OF  MAKING  FIRE-WORKS: 

THE   WHOLE   SO    CLEARLY   EXPLAINED    AS   TO   BE   WITHIN    REACH 

OF   THE   MOST    LIMITED   CAPACITY. 

WITH    ILLUSTRATIONS. 

FROM    THE    SEVENTH    LONDON    EDITION. 

In  one  neat  royal  18mo.  volume,  fine  extra  crimson  cloth. 

This  work  has  Ion?  supplied  instructive  amusement  to  the  rising  generations  in  England,  and 
will  doubtless  be  hailed  with  pleasure  by  those  of  this  country  who  like  (and  what  boy  does  not) 
the  marvellous  tricks  and  changes,  experiments  and  wonders  aflbrded  by  the  magic  of  science  and 
jugglery. 

c H ElvM^rRYTTTH E  fourHasons, 

SPRING,   SUMBIER,  AUTUMN,  AND  WINTER. 

AN    ESSAY,  PRINClPALLy    CONCERNING     NATURAL    PHENOMENA,   ADAHTTING    OF 

INTERPRET.VnON  BY  CHEMCAL  SCIENCE,  AND  ILLUSTRATING 

PASSAGES  OF  SCRIPTURE. 

BY    THOMAS    GRIFFITHS, 

PROFESSOR  OF  CHEMISTRY  IN  THE  MEDICAL  COLLEGE  OF  ST.  BARTHOLOArEW'S  HOSPITAL,  ETC. 

In  one  large  royal  12mo.  volume,  with  many  Wood-Cuts,  extra  cloth. 

"  Chemistry  is  assuredly  one  of  the  most  useful  and  interesting  of  the  natural  sciences.  Chemical 
changes  meet  ils  at  every  step,  and  during  every  season,  the  winds  and  the  rain,  the  heat  and-  the 
frosts,  each  have  their  peculiar  and  appropriate  phenomena.  And  those  wlio  have  hitherto  re- 
mained insensible  to  these  changes  and  unmoved  amid  such  remarkable,  and  often  startling  re- 
sults, will  lose  their  apathy  upon  reading  the  Chemistry  of  the  '  Four  Seasons,'  and  be  prepared,  to 
enioy  the  highe.st  intellectual  pleasures.  Conceived  in  a  happy  spirit,  and  written  with,  taste  and 
elegance,  the  essay  of  Mr.  GritBths  cannot  fail  to  receive  the  admiration  of  cultivated  minds;  and 
those  who  have  looked  less  carefully  into  nature's  beauties,  will  find  themselves  led  on  sfep  by 
step,  until  they  realize  a  new  intellectual  bein;;.  Such  works,  we  believe,  exert  a  happy  influence 
over  society,  and  hence  we  hope  that  the  present  one  may  be  extensively  read." — lite  WisUrn 
Lancet. 


rr^ 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARDS  PUBLICATIONS. 


POPULAR   SCIENCE. 
KIRBY  AND  SPENCE'S  ENTOimOGY,  FOR  POPULAR  USE. 

illM   IXTTRODUCTIOIM  TO  E  WTOMO  LOGV; 

OR,  ELEMENTS  OF  THK  NATrivAl.  HIS'l'liKV  OV  l.\SE(  TS;  ('( iMl'lJi.siNC;  A\   AnuU.NT 

OF  WOXIOUS  AND  IISEFIM.  INSIOCTS,  i)i'  TIIKIU  M  E'l^AMOKI'l  IDSES.  FOOD, 

STKATAGE.US,  HAUn'A'I'IONS,  s-UCiEl  I  IvS,  MUTiO.NS,  iNOIiJES, 

HYBEKNATION,  1i\S'I'1M:T,  An.,  &c. 

"Witli  Plates,  Plain  or  Colored. 

BY  WILLIAM  KIRBY,  M.A.,F.R.S.,  AND  WILLIAM  SFENCE,  ESQ.,  F.R.S. 

FROM  THE  SIXTH  LOKDOM   liDlTION,  WHICH   WAS  ciillRKinion  .\M)  tOiNSlUEKAlibV  K^NL.AKOKD. 

In  one  large  octavo  volimif,  extra  cloth. 

"We  liavebeen  g:icatly  inteiestpd  in  runiiin?  dvcr  rlie  pniri's  of  tliis  treatise.  Tliere  is  scarcely,  in 
the  wide  ruiiffe  of  luitunil  science,  a  more  interesimu'  or  instructive  study  tiian  that  of  insects,  or 
one  tlian  is  calculated  to  excite  nun-e  curiosity  or  wonder. 

"  Tlie  popular  form  of  letters  is  adopted  by  tlie  ai'.tliors  in  imparling  a  knowledffe of  the  .sul)ject. 
which  renders  llie  work  peculiarly  fitted  fur  our  district  school  libraries,  which  are  open  to  aliases 
and  classes." — Hunt's  Merchants'  Mtiganne. 


ikNSTJJD'S 


JUST  ISSUIOU. 


WORI^B. 


THE  ANCIENT  WORLD,  OR.  PICTURESQUE  SKETCHES  OF  CREATION. 
BY  D.  T.  ANSTED,  M.A.,  F.R.S.,  F.G.S.,  &c. 

PROFESSOR   OF   GEOLOGY   IN    KlNo"s   COLLEGE,    LONDON. 

In  one  very  neat  volume,  fine  extra  cloth,  with  about  One  Jlundred  and  I'lfly  Illustrations. 

The  object  of  this  work  is  to  present  to  the  general  reader  the  chief  results  of  Ueolosical  inve."iti- 
ffation  in  a  simple  and  comprehensive  manner.  The  author  has  avoided  till  minute  details  of  fjeo- 
loaical  formations  and  particular  observations,  and  has  endeavonred  as  far  as  |)ossible  to  present 
striking  views  of  the  wonderful  results  of  the  science,  divested  of  its  mere  techiiicalilies.  The 
work  IS  got  up  ill  a  haiidsoiue  manner,  with  numerous  illustrations,  and  forms  a  neat  volume  for  llie 
centre  table. 

GEOLOGY  AND    MINERALOGY, 

WITH  INSTRUCTIONS  Ft)R  THE  (.iUAMTATIVE  ANALYSIS  OF  MINERALS. 

BY    JOSHUA    TRIMMER,    F.  G.  S, 

With  two  Hundred  and  Twelve  Wood-Cuts,  a  handsome  octavo  volume,  bound  in  embossed  cloth. 

This  is  a  systematic  introduction  to  Jliiieraloiry,  and  Geology,  adiniiiibly  c.dculated  to  instruct 

the  student  in  tliose  sciences.    The  organic  remains  of  the  various  formaaoiis  are  well  Ulustraled 

by  numerous  figures,  which  are  drawn  with  great  accuracy. 


NEW  AND 


COiViPLETE  MED 

NOW    READV. 


CAL  BOTANY. 


OR,  A  DESCRIPTION   OF  ALL  THE   MORE   IMPOltTANT   PLANTS  USED  IN  MEDICINE, 
AND  OF  THEIR  PROPERTIES,  USES  AND  MODES  OF  ADMINISTRATION. 

BY  R.  EGI^ESFEIiD  GRIFFITH,  M.D.,  &c.,  &c. 

In  one  large  octavo  volume.    With  about  three  hundred  and  fifty  Illustrations  on  Wood. 

A  POPULAR^TiSiToiTvESfS^^ 

PUBLISHED    UNDER   THE  AUSPICES   OF  THE   SOCIETY   FOR   THE   PROMOTION   OF 
POPULAR  INSTRUCTION;  WITH  NUJIEROUS  WOOD-CUTS. 

BV   -W.   B.  CARPENTER. 

In  one  volume,  12mo.,  extra  cloth. 

A  TREATISE  ON  COMPARATIVE  ANATOMY  AND  PHYSIOLOGY, 

BY  W.  B.  CARPENTER. 

REVISED  AND  MUCH  IMPROVED  BY  THE  AUTHOR.    WITH  BEAUTIFUL  STEEL  PLATES. 

(Now  preparing.) 

CARPENTER'S  A.'^rjIlJ^.T^  PU'STSlOIiOGlT, 

WITH  ABOUT  THREE  HUNDRED  WOOD-CUTS. 
(Preparing.) 


LEA  AND  BLANCH  A  FID'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


HUMAN     HEALTH: 

OR,  THE  INH-UENCE  OF  aTMOSI'IIKKI';  AND  LOCALITY,  CIIANGK  OF  AIR  AND 

CLLMATE,  !5fAS0N>-,  l-'0Ol>.  CLi)rn:\(i.  liATIIlNG,  MINKKAL  SHUiNUS, 

EXERCISK,   SI.KNP,    COlil'OUKAL   AMI  MENTAL    PUR- 

SLTl'S,  Ar.,  .t<v,  ON    HEALTHY    MAN, 

coxsTiTiri  i\{;  el«:.mjv\ts  of  hygiene. 

BY  ROBL£y  DUNGLISON,  M.D.,  &c.,&c. 
lit  riiju  octavo  vuluiiie. 
*,*  Persons  in  the  piusuU  ot  liealtli,  as  well  as  those  who  desire  to  retain 
it,  would  do  well  to  e.\annne  this  work.  The  author  stales  the  work  has 
been  prepared  "to  enable  the  general  reader  to  understand  the  nature  of 
tlie  actions  ot  various  nillueuues  on  linnian  health,  and  assist  him  in  adopt- 
ing such  means  as  may  lend  lo  its  preservation:  hence  the  author  has 
avoided  introducing  tcchiucaliiies,  except  where  they  appeared  to  him  indis- 
pensable." 

REMARKS  UN  THE  INFLUE.XCE  OF  MENTAL  EXCITEMENT, 

AND  MENTAL  CULTIVATION   UPON  HEALTH.- 
BY    A.   BRIGHAM,  IM.D. 

Third  ediiiun  ;  oiiu  vuhniie,  ISiiio. 


ATKEATISEON 

COH^S,  BUM"IONS,  iHS  DISEASES  OF  THE  KTiilliS, 

AND  THE  GENERAL  MANAGEMENT  OF  THE  FEET. 
liV    LEWIS    UUKLACHER, 

B  II  II  (i  E  (>  N     C  H  I  U  0  1'  O  n  I  S  T    TO    T  U  E    tl  l'  E  E  S. 

Ill  one  duoilixiiiio  vuUnne,  cloth. 
BRIDGE'WATER    TREATISES. 

Ilie  whole  Cuiiiplete  111  7  vols.  8vu.,  vunuus  bindings, 

CONTAINING: 

liOGET'S  ANIMAL  AND  VEGETAHLE  I'llYSIOI.OGY,  in  2  vols.,  with  m:iny  cuts. 
KIRiSY  ON  THE  HISTORY,  HABIT.S  AND  IN.STiXCT  OF  ANIMALS,  1  voL,  with  plates. 
PROUTON  GHEMISnTvY— CHALMERS  ON'THE  MORAL  CONDITION  Ol-'  MAN-VVIIEWELL 

ON  ASTRONOMY— BELL  ON  'lliE  HANU— KlDil  ON  1\ih  PHYSICAL.  CONDITION  OF 

MAN,  2  volumes. 
BUCKLAND'S  GEOLOGY,  2  vols.,  with  imnieroiis  plute.s  and  maps. 

Roget,  Uucklaiid,  and  Kirhy  are  sold  separate. 

THE  DOMESTIC  »I.\!SA(;i:WENT  OF  THE  SICK  ROOM, 

NECESSARY',  LN  AID  OF   MEDICAL   T1;EAT.\H:NT,  FOR   THE   CURE   OF   DISEASES. 

BY   A.  T.  THOMSON,  M.  D.,  &c.  &c. 

First  American,  from  tliH   Second  London  Kilitlon.     Edited  hy  R.  E.  Griffith,  M.  D. 
In  one  royal  l-2ino.  v(duiiic,  e.vlra  clotli,  witli  cuts. 

"There  is  no  interference  wilh  llie  duties  of  Ihe  medicrd  aUendaiil,  but  sound,  sensihle,  and 
clear  advice  what  to  do,  and  how  to  act,  so  as  lo  meet  unforeseen  emergencies,  and  co-operate 
with  professional  skill." — Literary  Gazette. 

THE  MILLWRIGHT  AND   MILLER'S  GUIDE. 

BY    OLIVER    EVANS. 

THE  TWELFTH  EDITION, 
WITH  ADDITIONS  AND  CORRECTIONS,  DY  THE  PROFESSOR   OF  MECHA- 
NICS IN  THE  FRANKLIN  INSTITUTE  OF  PENNSYLVANIA, 
AND  A  DESCRIPTION  OF  AN  IMPROVED  MERCHANT  FLOUR  MILL. 

WITH   ENOR.WINUS. 

BY  C.   &  O.  EVANS,    ENGINEERS. 
This  is  a  practical  work,  and  has  had  a  very  extended  sale. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 

JOHNSON  AND  LANDRETH  ON   FRUIT,  KITCHEN, 
AND  FLOWER  GARDENING. 

A   DICTIONARY    OF  MODERN    GARDEjNING, 

BY  GEORGE    WILLIAM  JOHNSON,   ESQ. 

Author  of  the  "  Principles  of  Practical  Gardening,"  "  The  Gardener's  Almanac,"  &.c 

WITH   ONE   HUNDRED  AND  EIGHTY   WOOD-CDTS. 

EDITED,  WITH  NUJIEROUS  ADDITIONS,  BY  DAVID  LANDRETH,  OF  PHIL.ADELPHU. 

In  one  large  royal  duodecimo  volume,  extra  clotli,  of  nearly  Six  Hundred  and  Fifty 
double  columned  Pages. 
This  edition  has  been  greatly  altered  from  the  original.  Many  articles  of  little  interest  to  Ameri- 
cans liave  been  curtailed  or  wliolly  omitted,  and  mucli  new  matter,  with  nmnerous  illustrations, 
added,  especially  with  respect  to  the  varieties  of  fruit  which  experience  has  shown  to  he  pecuUarly 
adapted  to  our  climate.  Still,  the  editor  admits  that  he  has  only  followed  in  the  path  so  admirably 
marked  out  by  Mr.  Johnson,  to  whom  the  chief  merit  of  the  work  belongs.  It  has  been  an  object 
with  the  editor  and  publishers  to  increase  its  popular  character,  thereby  adapting  it  to  the  larger 
class  of  horticultural  readers  in  this  country,  and  they  trust  it  will  prove  what  they  have  desired  it 
to  be,  an  Encyclopedia  of  Gardening,  if  not  of  Riu-al  Affairs,  so  condensed  and  at  such  a  price  as  to 
be  wittiin  reach  of  nearly  all  whom  tliose  subjects  interest. 

"  This  is  a  useful  compendium  of  all  that  description  of  information  which  is  valuable  to  the 
modem  g,irdener.  It  quotes  largely  from  the  best  standard  authors,  journals,  and  transactions  of 
societies;  and  the  laLiuurs  of  the  American  editor  have  fitted  it  fur  the  United  States,  by  judicious 
additions  and  omissions.  The  volume  is  abundantly  illustrated  with  figures  in  the  text,  embracing 
a  judicious  selection  of  those  varieties  of  fruits  which  experience  has  shown  to  be  well  suited  to  the 
United  States. — Silliman's  Journal. 

"  This  is  the  most  valuable  work  we  have  ever  seen  on  the  subject  of  gardening ;  and  no  man  of 
taste  who  can  devote  even  a  quarter  of  an  acre  to  horticulture  ought  to  be  without  it.  Indeed  la- 
dies who  merely  cultivate  flowers  wilhin-doors,  will  find  tliis  book  an  excellent  and  convenient 
counsellor.  It  contains  one  hundred  and  eighty  wood-cut  illustrations,  which  give  a  distinct  idea 
of  the  fruits  and  garden-arrangements  they  are  intended  to  represent. 

"  Jolmson's  Dictionary  of  Gardening,  edited  by  Landreth,  is  handsomely  printed,  well-bound,  and 
sold  at  a  price  which  puts  it  witliia  the  reach  of  all  who  would  be  Ukely  to  buy  \l.—Everyreen. 

THE   COMPLETE   FLORIST. 


A.  IKILT^'U&.Ja  or-  G^]RD£XrZXTG, 

CONTAINING  PR.iCTICAL  INSTRUCTION  FOR  THE  MANAGEMENT  OF  GREENHOUSE 

PLANTS,  AND  FOR  THE  CULTIVATION  OF  THE  SHRUBBERY— THE  FLOWER 

GARDEN,  AND  THE  LAWN— WITH  DESCRIPTIONS  OF  THOSE  PLANTS 

AND  TREES  MOST  WORTHY  OF  CULTURE  IN  EACH 

DEPAKTMENT. 

WITH   ADDITIONS    AND    AIVIEND  BSEH  T  S, 

ADAPTED   TO   THE   CLiaiATE   OF   TIIE   UNITED    STATES. 
In  one  small  volume.    Price  only  Twenty-five  Cents. 

THE  COMPLETE  KITCHEN  AND  FRUIT  GARDENER. 

A  SELECT  MANUAL  OF  KITCHEN  GARDENING, 

AND  THE  CULTURE  OP  FRUITS, 

CONTAINING  FAAHLIAR  DIRECTIONS  FOR  THE  l^IOST  APPROVED  PRACTICE  US'  EACH 

DEPARTMENT,  DESCRIPTIONS  OF  MANY  VALUABLE  FRUITS,  AND  A 

CALENDAR  OF  WORK  TO  BE  PERFORMED  EACH 

MONTH  IN  THE  YEAIi. 

THE  WHOLE  ADAPTED  TO  THE  CLIMATE  OF  THE  UNITED  STATES. 

In  one  sraaU  volume,  paper.    Price  only  Twenty-five  Cents. 

tANDRETH'S  RURAL  REGISTER  AND  ALIWIANAC,  FOR  1848, 

WITH   NUMEROUS   ILLUSTRATIONS. 

STILL   ON  HAND, 
A  FEW  COPIES  OP  THE  REGISTER  FOR  1847, 

WITH  OVER  ONE  HUNDRED  WOOD-CUTS. 

This  work  has  150  large  13mo.  pages,  double  columns.  Though  pubUshed  annually,  and  contam- 
ing  an  almanac,  the  principal  part  of  the  matter  is  of  permanent  utility  to  the  horticulturist  and 
farmer. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 

YOUATT   AND   SKINNER'S 

STANDARD  WORK  ON  THE  HORSE. 


THE   HOUSE. 

BY    WILLIAM    YOUATT. 

A   NEW   EDITION,   WITH  NUMEROUS   ILLUSTRATIONS. 

TOGETHER    WITH   A 

aEHEIBAL   HISTORY  OP  THE  HORSS; 

A   DISSERTATION   ON         « 

THE  A31ERICAN  TROTTIAG  HORSE; 

HOW    TRAINED    AND    JOCKEYED. 

AN  ACCOUNT  OF  HIS  REMARKABLE  PERFORMANCES; 

AND 

AN  ESSAV  ON  THE  ASS  AND  THE  MITXiE, 

BY   J.  S.  SKINNER, 

Assistant  Post-Master-General,  and  Editor  of  tlie  Turf  Register. 

This  edition  of  Youatt's  well-known  and  standard  work  on  the  Manage- 
ment, Diseases,  and  Treatment  of  the  Horse,  has  already  obtained  such  a 
wide  circulation  throughout  the  country,  that  the  Publishers  need  say  no- 
thing to  attract  to  it  the  attention  and  confidence  of  all  who  keep  Horses  or 
are  interested  in  their  improvement. 

"In  introducing  this  very  neat  edition  of  Youatt's  well-known  book,  on  'The  Horse,'  to  our 
readers,  it  is  not  necessarj',  even  if  we  liad  time,  to  say  anytliing  to  convince  them  of  its  worth ;  it 
has  been  highly  spoken  of,  by  those  most  capable  of  appreciating  its  merits,  and  its  appearance 
under  the  patronage  of  the  'Society  for  the  Diffusion  of  Useful  Knowledge,'  with  Lord  Brougham 
at  its  head,  affords  a  full  guaranty  for  its  high  character.  Tlie  book  is  a  very  valuable  one,  and  we 
endorse  the  recommendation  of  the  editor,  that  every  man  who  owns  the  '  hair  of  a  horse,'  should 
have  it  at  his  elbow,  to  be  consulted  like  a  family  pliysician,  'for  mitigating  the  disorders,  and  pro- 
longing the  hfe  of  the  most  interesting  and  useful  of  all  domestic  animals.'  " — Farmer's  Cabinet. 

"This  celebrated  work  has  been  completely  revised,  and  mucli  of  it  almost  entirely  re-written 
by  its  able  author,  who,  from  bemg  a  practical  veterinary  surgeon,  and  withal  a  grcai  lover  and 
excellent  judge  of  the  animal,  is  particularly  well  quahfied  to  write  the  history  of  the  noblest  of 
quadrupeds.  Messrs.  Lea  and  Blanchard  of  Pliiladelpliia  have  republished  the  above  work,  omitting 
a  few  of  the  first  pages,  and  have  supplied  tlieir  place  with  matter  quite  as  valuable,  and  perhaps 
more  interesting  to  the  reader  in  this  country  ;  it  bning  nearly  100  pages  of  a  general  history  of  the 
horse,  a  dissertation  on  the  American  trotting  horse,  liow  trained  and  jockeyed,  an  account  of  his 
remarkable  performances,  and  an  essay  on  the  Ass  and  Mule,  by  J.  S.  Skinner,  Esq.,  Assistant  Post- 
master-General, and  late  editor  of  the  Turf  Register  and  American  Fanner.  Mr.  Skinner  is  one 
of  our  most  pleasing  vi'riters,  and  lias  been  familiar  with  the  subject  of  the  horse  from  cliildliood, 
and  we  need  not  add  that  he  has  acquitted  himself  well  of  the  task.  He  also  takes  up  the  import- 
ant subject,  to  the  American  breeder,  of  the  Ass,  and  the  Mule.  This  he  treats  at  length  and  con 
amore.  The  Philadelphia  edition  of  the  Horse  is  a  handsome  octavo,  with  numerous  wood -cuts."— 
American  Agriadiurisl.  » 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


YOUATT  ON   THE   PIG. 


THE    FIG; 

A  TREATISE  ON  THE  BREEDS,  MANAGEMENT,  FEEDING, 
AND  MEDICAL  TREATMENT  OF  SWINE, 

WITH  DIRECTIONS  FOR  SALTING  PORK,  AND  CURING  BACON  AND  HAMS. 

BY    WILLIAM    YOUATT,    V.S. 

Author  of  "The  Horse,"  "Tlie  Dog,"  "Cattle,"  "  Sheep."  &.C.,  &c. 

ILLUSTRATED  WITH   ENURAVINGS   DRAW."*    FROM   LIFE  BY  WILLIAM  HARVEY. 

In  one  handsome  duodecimo  volume,  extra  cloth,  or  in  neat  paper  cover,  price  50  cents. 

Tliis  work,  on  a  subject  comparatively  neglected,  must  prove  of  much  use  to  fanners,  especially 
in  this  country,  where  the  Pi;  is  an  animal  of  more  importance  than  elsewhere.  No  work  has 
hitherto  appeared  treating  fully  of  the  various  breeds  of  swine,  their  diseases  and  cure,  breeding, 
fattening,  Ac,  and  tlie  preparation  of  lacon,  salt  pork,  hams,  ic,  while  the  name  of  the  author  of 
"The  Horse,"  "The  Cattle  Doctor,"  itc,  is  sufficient  authority  for  all  he  may  state.  To  render  it 
more  accessible  to  those  whom  it  particularly  interests,  the  publishers  have  prepared  copies  in 
neat  illustrated  paper  covers,  suitable  for  transmission  by  mail ;  and  which  will  be  sent  through 
the  post-office  on  the  receipt  of  fifty  cents,  free  of  postage. 

CLATER  AND  YOUATT'S   CATTLE    DOCTOR. 


EVERY  MAN  HIS   OWN   CATTLE  DOCTOR: 

CONTAINING    THE  CAUSES,   SYMPTOMS   AND    TREATAIENT  OF  ALL 

DISEASES  INCIDENT  TO  OXEN,  SHEEP  AND  SWINE; 

AND    A    SKETCH    OF   THE 

ANATOMY  AND  PHYSIOLOGY  OF  NEAT  CATTLE. 

BY    FRANCIS    CLATER, 

EDITED,   REVISED   AND    ALMOST   RE-WRITTEN,    BY 

WILLIAM   YOUATT,  AUTHOR  OF  "THE  HORSE." 

WITH    NUMEROUS    ADDITIONS, 

Ei\U3RAGING  AN  ESSAY  ON  THE  USE  OF  0.\E\  AND  THE  IJIPROVEMENT  IN  THE 

BREED  OF  SHEEP, 
BT  J.  S.  SKINNER. 
WITH    NUMEROUS     CUTS    AND     ILLUSTRATIONS. 
In  one  I2mo.  volume,  cloth. 
"As  its  title  would  import.it  is  a  most  valuable  work,  and  should  be  in  the  Iiands  of  every  Ame- 
rican farmer;  and  we  feel  proud  in  sajnng,  that  the  value  of  the  work  has  been  greatly  enhanced 
by  the  contributions  of  Mr.  Skinner.    Clater  and  Youatt  are  names  treasured  by  the  farming  com- 
munities of  Europe  as  household-gods ;  nor  does  that  of  Skinner  deser\'e  to  be  less  esteemed  m 
America." — Ainerican  Farmer. 


CLATER'S   FARRIER. 


EVERY  MAN  HIS  OWN  FARRIER: 

CONTAINING  THE  CAUSES,  SYMPTOMS,  A.ND  JIOST  AFJ^ROVED  ilETHODS  OF  CURE 
OF  THE  DISEASES  OF  HORSES. 

Author  of  "  Every  Man  his  oua  Cattle  Doctor," 

AND   HIS    SON,    JOHN    CLATER. 

FIRST  AMERICAN  FROM  THE  TWEN'l'Y-EIGHTH  LONDON  EDITION. 

WITH     NOTES    AND     ADDITIONS, 

BV    J.    S.    SKI£7£JI:H. 

In  one  limo.  volume,  cloth. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 

HAWKER  AND  PORTER  ON   SHOOTING. 

INSTlllJCTrOXS  TO  YOUNG  SPORTS:»lKN 

IN  ALL  THAT  RRLATES  TO  GUNS  AND  SHOOTING. 
BY   LIEUT.   COL.  P.   HAWKER. 

FROM     IIIF:    r,>J,Ml(;KI)    AND     IMI'IIOVKI)    NrNTH     LOMKIN    F.DITIOIf. 

TO  WHICH  IS  AIHIKI)  TUK  HrNTlNt;  AM)  SIKIOI'ING  OP  NORIH  AMKRICA.  WITH 

DESCKll'TlONS  or  ANIMALS  AiNLi  BIKDS,  CAIiEFULLY  COLLATED 

7'KOM  AUTHENTIC  SofjRCES. 

BY   AV.  T.  PORTER,   E  S  a. 

KliriOK  UK  ■lllK  N.  Y.  hl'lKl  r  i)F  THE  TIMKS. 

In  one  large  octavo  volume,  rich  extra  clolli,  witli  nuiruTous  IHiistratinns. 

"  Here  is  a  honk,  a  haml-liodk,  or  rather  a  tcxt-hnok — one  lliitt  rontaitis  the  whole  routine  of  the 
science.  It  is  the  Primer,  the  Lexicon,  and  tlie  Homer.  Everythin?  is  here,  from  the  minutest 
portion  of  a  i;un-lock,  to  a  ile.ul  lliilfalo.  The  sportsman  who  reails  this  hook  unJersfanihnKly,  m:iy 
pass  an  e.vaminalion.  He  will  know  the  science,  anil  may  cive  advice  lo  others.  Every  sportsman, 
and  sportsmen  are  plentiful,  should  own  tliis  work.  It  slionld  he  a  "  vade  mecum."  lie  should 
he  examined  on  its  contends,  anil  esiimiiled  hy  his  ahiliiies  tn  answer.  We  have  not  heen  without 
treatises  on  the  art,  but  linherlo  they  have  not  descended  into  all  the  ininuliie  of  equipmenls  and 
qualifications  to  proceed  tu  the  Completion.  This  work  supjilies  ileliciencies,  and  completes  the 
sportsman's  library." — U.  S.  Gazette. 

'"No  man  in  the  country  that  we  wot  of  is  so  well  calculated  a.s  our  friend  of  the  'Spirit'  for  the 
task  he  has  undertaken, and  the  result  of  his  labours  has  lieeu  that  he  has  turned  out  a  work  which 
should  be  in  the  hands  of  every  man  m  the  land  who  owns  a  doulile-barrelled  gun."— A'.  O.  I'lcuyiine. 

"A  volume  spleniliilly  jiriiited  and  bound,  and  embellislied  with  numerous  beautiful  eniravinss, 
which  wdl  doubtless  be  in  j;reat  demand.  No  sportsman,  indeed,  ousht  to  be  witlioiit  it,  while  the 
general  reader  will  find  in  its  pajes  u  fund  of  curious  and  useful  iiilbnnutioii," — Richmotul  Whiy. 


BY    WILLIAM    Y  O  U  A  T  T, 

Author  of  "  The  Horse,"  &c. 

WITH    NUMEROUS    AND    B  E  A  tl  T  ll' U  L    ILLUSTRATIONS. 

EDITED   BY   E.  J.  LEWIS,  M.  D.  &c.  &c. 

Ill  one  beautifully  printed  volume,  crown  octavo. 
LIST  OF  P  L A T  li S . 
Head  of  Bloodhound — Ancient  Grevliounds— The  Tliibei  Dos— The  Din^o,  or  New  Holland  Do? — 
The  Danish  or  Dalmatian  Dog— T'lie  Hare  Indian  Dos;— The  Greyhound— The  Grecian  Gieyliound 
— Blenheims  and  Cockers— 'i'he  Wafer  Spaniel — The  Poodle — 'I'lie  Alpine  Spaniel  or  Bernardine 
Diij—'l'lieNevvfoiiiiilland  Dos— The  E,squiniau.v  Doi;— The  Enslish  Sheep  Dog— The  Scotch  Sheep 
i),n._-n,e  Beanie- Tiie  Harrier — The  l-'oxliound- Plan  of  Goodwood  Kennel- The  Southern 
lloiiiid— The  Setter- The  Poiiilei-— The  Bull  Dug— The  .MastiU— 'I'he  Terrier— Skeleton  of  the 
Ijof;— Teeth  of  the  Dor  at  seven  dilferent  aj^es. 

"  iMr.  Youatt's  wiuk  is  invaluable  to  the  student  of  canine  history;  it  is  full  of  entertaining  and 
instructive  matter  for  llieseneral  reader.  To  the  s;pnrt.siiiaii  it  conimeiuls  itself  by  the  laii<e  amount 
of  useful  information  in  reference  to  his  peculia  pursuits  which  it  embodies — information  which 
lie  cannot  find  (Elsewhere  in  so  convenient  and  an:  ;.^slble  a  form,  and  with  so  reliable  an  authority 
to  entitle  it  to  his  consideialiuii.  The  iiiod>,st  ijiel'iue  wliicli  Dr.  Lewis  has  made  to  the  American 
edition  of  this  work  scarcely  does  justice  to  tlie  addiiioiial  value  he  has  imparted  lo  it;  and  the 
publishers  are  entitled  to  great  credit  for  the  liandsonie  manner  in  which  they  have  got  it  up." — 

THE    SPORTS  MANJ^S    I.IBRiiR'S', 

OR  HINTS  ON  HUN'lEHS,  HUNTING,  HnUNIW,  SHOOTING,  GA.ME,  DOGS,  GUNS, 

I-'ISHING,  COURSING,  .tc,  ic. 

BY    JOHN  MILLS,   ESQ,, 

Author  of  "The  Old  English  Gentleman,"  A-c. 

In  one  well  printed  royal  dumleciiiio  volume,  evira  cloth. 

STABXiiE!  TjQlZiK  AS7D   TABI.I:   TAZiK, 

OR  SPIOCTACLES  FOR  VOUNG  SI'OUTS.ME.V. 

BY    HARRY    HIEOVER. 

In  one  very  neat  duodiciino  volume,  extra  cloth. 

"These  lively  sketches  answer  to  their  title  very  well.  Wherever  Nimrod  is  welcome,  there 
should  he  cordial  greeliiis  hir  Hariy  ilieover.  lbs  hook  is  a  very  clever  one,  and  contains  many 
instructive  hints,  as  well  as  much  hght-hearted  reading." — Examiner. 

THE    DOG    AND    THE    SFORTSIiI AIT, 

EMBRACING  THE  USES.   BREEDING,  TRAINING,   DISEASES,  ETC..  OF  DOGS,  AND  AN 

ACCOUNT  OF  THE  DIFFERENT  KINDS  OF  GAME,  WITH  THEIR  HABITS. 

Also,  Hints  to  Shooters,  with  varlou.s  ii.seful  Recipes,  &<c.,  &c« 

BY   J.   S.  SKINNER. 

With  Plates.    In  one  very  neat  12nio.  volume,  extra  cloth. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


FRANCATELLI'S  MODERN  FRENCH  COOKERY. 

THE    MODERN    COOK, 

A  PRACTICAL  GUIDE  TO  THE  CULINARY  ART,  IN  ALL  ITS  BRANCHES,  ADAPTED  AS 

WELL  FOR  THE  LARGEST  ESTABLISHMENTS  AS  FOR  THE  USE 

OF  PRIVATE  FAMILIES. 

BY  CHARLES  ELME  FRANCATELLI, 

Pupa  of  the  celebrated  Cireme,  and  late  JIaitre  D'Hotel  and  Cliief  Cook  to  her  Jfajesty  the  Queen. 

In  one  large  octavo  volume,  extra  cloth,  with  numerous  illustrations. 

"It  appears  to  be  the  book  of  books  on  cookerv.  he  in?  a  most  comprehensive  treatise  on  that  art 
preseiTative  and  conservative.  Tlie  work  comprises,  in  one  large  and  eieg-ant  octavo  volume,  1447 
recipes  lor  cookmg;  dishes  and  desserts,  with  numerous  illustrations;  also  bdls  of  fare  and  direc- 
tions for  dinners  for  every  month  m  the  year,  for  companies  of  six  persons  to  twenty-eight  —Nat 
IntellmmceT.  ^ 

"The  ladies  who  read  our  Ma^razine,  will  thank  us  for  calling  attention  to  this  ?reat  work  on  the 
noble  science  of  cookin-  in  which  everybody,  who  has  any  taste,  feels  a  deep  and  abiding  interest. 
J'rancatelli  is  the  Plato,  the  Shakspeare,  or  the  Napoleon  of  his  department;  or  perhaps  the  La 
Place,  lor  his  performance  bears  llie  same  relation  to  ordinary  cook  hooks  tliat  the  Mecaiiique 
Celeste  does  to  DaboU's  Arithmetic.  It  is  a  large  octavo,  profusely  illustrated,  and  contains  every- 
thing on  the  plulosopiiy  of  making  dinners,  suppers,  etc.,  that  is  worth  knowing.— GroAam's  Magazine. 

Miss  acton^^kTryT 

MODSHN  COOISEE"^'  22?  ILZ,Ji  ITS  BaASTCHES, 

REDUCED  TO  A  SYSTEM  OF  EASY  PRACTICE.  FOR  THE  USE  OF  PRIVATE  FAMILIES 

IN  A  SERIES  OF  PRACTICAL  RECEIPrS.  ALL  OF  WTllCH  ARE  GIVEN 

WITH  THE  MOST  JUNUTE  E.XACTNESS. 

BY    BLIZA    ACTON. 

WITH   NUMEROUS   WOOD-CUT   ILLUSTRATIONS. 
TO  WHICH  IS  ADDED,  A  TABLE  OF  WEIGHTS  AND  MEASURES. 

THE  WHOLE  REVISED  AND  PREPAKED  FOR  AMERICAN  HOUSEKEEPERS. 

BY  MRS.   SARAH  J.   HALE. 

From  the  Second  London  Edition.     In  one  large  12mo.  volume. 

"  Miss  Ehza  Acton  may  congratulate  her.self  on  having  composed  a  work  of  great  utility,  and  one 
that  IS  speedily  finding  its  way  to  every  'dresser"  in  the  kingdom.  Her  Cookery-book  is  unques- 
tionably the  most  valuable  compendium  of  the  art  that  has  yet  been  published.  It  strongly  incul- 
cates economical  principles,  and  points  out  how  good  things  may  be  concocted  without  that  reck- 
less extravagance  which  good  cooks  have  been  wont  to  imagine  the  best  evidence  they  can  give  of 
skiU  la  their  profession." — London  Morning  Post. 

T  H  ETQ¥prETr^C00l^ 

PLAIN  AND  PRACTICAL  DIRECTIONS  FOR  COOKING  AND  HOUSEKEEPING, 

"WITH  UPVO-ARDS  OF  SEVEN  HUNDRED  RECEIPTS, 

Consisting  of  Directions  for  the  Choice  of  Meat  and  Poultry,  Preparations  for  Cooking;  Making  of 

Broths  and  Soups  ;  Boding,  Roasting,  Baking  and  Frying  of  Meats,  Fish,  &c. ;  Seasonings, 

Colorings,  Cooking  Vegetables;  Preparing  Salads  ;  Clarifying;  Making  of  Pastry, 

Puddings,  Gruels,  Gravies,  Garnishes,  6ic..  &c.,  and  with  general 

Directions  for  making  Wines. 

WITH     ADDITIONS    AND     ALTERATIONS. 

BY   J.    M.    SANDERSON, 

OF  THE  FRANKLIN  HOUSE. 

In  one  small  volume,  paper.    Price  only  Twenty-five  Cents 

THE  COi^PLElflWECflMRr^A^^  BAKER. 

PLAIN  AND  PRACTICAL  DIRECTIONS 

FOR  MAKING  CONFECTIONARY  AND  PASTRY,  AND  FOR  BAKING. 

■WITH  UPV7ARDS   OP  FIVE  ITUNDRED  RECEIPTS, 

ConsistiDg  of  Directions  for  making  all  sorts  of  Pi-e.serves,   Sugar  Boiling,  Comfits,  Lozenges 

Ornamental  Cakes,  Ices,  Liqueurs,  Waters,  Gum  Paste  Ornaments,  S\Tups,  Jellies,  ' 

Marmalades,  Compotes,  Bread  Baking,  Artificial  Yeasts,  Fancy 

Biscuits,  Cakes,  Rolls,  Muffins,  Tarts,  Pies,  &c.,  &c. 

WITH     ADDITIONS     AND     ALTERATIONS. 

BY    PARKINSON, 

PRACTICAL  CONFECTIONER,  CHESTNUT  STREET. 

In  one  small  volume,  paper.    Price  only  Twenty-five  Cents. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


SCHOOL   BOOKS. 


SCHMITZ  AND  ZUMPT'S  CLASSICAL  SERIES. 

VOIiUME    I. 

C.  JUL.II  CiESARIS 

COMMENTARII   DE    BELLO    GALLICO. 

VllTH  AN  INTRODUCTION,  NOTES,  AND  A  GEOGRAPHICAL  INDEX  IN  ENGUSH, 
ALSO,  A  MAP  OF  GAUL,  AND  ILLUSTRATIVE  ENGRAVINGS. 
In  one  handsome  18mo.  volume,  extra  cloth. 
This  Series  has  been  placed  under  the  editorial  management  of  two  eminent  scholars 
and  practical  teachers.  Dr.  Schmitz,  Rector  of  the  High  School,  Edinburgh,  and  Dr. 
ZcMPT,  Professor  in  the  University  of  Berlin,  and  will  combine  the  following  advan- 
tages : — 

1.  A  sradually  ascending  series  of  School  Books  on  a  uniform  plan,  so  as  to  constitute  within  a 
definite  number,  a  complete  Latin  Curriculum. 

2.  Certain  arrangements  in  the  rudimentary  volumes,  vv'hich  wU  insure  a  fair  amount  of  know- 
ledee  in  Roman  literature  to  tliosc  who  are  not  designed  for  professional  hfe,  and  who  therefore 
will  not  require  to  extend  their  studies  to  the  advanced  portion  of  the  series. 

3.  The  text  of  each  author  will  be  such  as  has  been  constituteil  bv  the  most  recent  collations  of 
manuscripts,  and  will  be  prefaced  bv  biog:raphical  and  critical  sketclies  in  EtiKlish,  that  pupils  may 
be  made  aware  of  the  character  and  peculiarities  of  the  work  they  are  about  to  study. 

4.  To  remove  difficulties,  and  sustain  an  interest  in  the  text,  explanatory  notes  in  English  will 
be  placed  at  the  foot  of  each  page,  and  such  comparisons  drawn  as  may  serve  to  mate  the  liistory 
of  the  past  with  the  reahties  of  nuideni  times. 

5.  The  works,  generally,  will  be  enibelUshed  with  maps  and  illustrative  engravings, — accompani- 
ments which  will  greatly  assist  the  student's  comprehension  of  the  nature  of  the  countries  and 
leading  circumstances  described. 

6.  The  respective  volumes  will  be  issued  at  a  price  considerably  less  than  that  usually  charged  ; 
and  as  the  texts  are  from  the  most  eminent  sources,  and  the  whole  series  constructed  upon  a  de- 
terminate plan,  the  practice  of  issuing  new  and  altered  editions,  which  is  complained  of  alike  by 
teachers  and  pupils,  wiU  be  altogether  avoided. 

From  among  the  testimonials  which  the  publishers  have  received,  they  append  the 

following  to  show  that  the  design  of  the  series  has  been  fully  and  successfully  carried 

out; — 

Central  High  School,  PMla.,  June  29, 18  J7. 
Gmtlrmen : — 

I  have  been  much  pleased  with  your  edition  of  Cssar's  Gallic  Wars,  being  part  of  Schmitz  and 
Zumpt's  classical  series  for  schools.  The  work  seems  happily  adapted  to  the  wants  of  learners. 
Tlie  notes  contain  much  valualile  information,  concisely  and  accurately  expressed,  and  on  the  [loints 
that  really  require  elucidation,  wliile  at  the  same  time  the  book  is  not  rendered  tiresome  and  ex- 
pensive by  a  useless  array  of  mere  learning.  The  text  is  one  in  high  repute,  and  your  reprint  of  it 
is  pleasing  to  the  eye.  I  take  great  pleasure  in  commanding  the  publication  to  the  attention  of 
teachers.    It  wiU,  I  am  persuaded,  commend  itself  to  all  who  give  it  a  fair  examination. 

Very  Respectfully,  Your  Obt.  Servt., 

JOHN  S.  HART, 
To  Jlessrs.  Lea  &  Blanchard.  Principal  PhUa.  High  School 


Gentlemen:-  J«r,e  28,  1847. 

The  edition  of"  CiEsar's  Commentaries,"  embraced  in  the  Classical  Section  of  Chambers's  Edu- 
cational Course,  and  given  to  the  world  under  the  auspices  of  Drs.  Schmitz  and  Zumpt  has  r^.:- 
ceived  from  me  a  candid  examination.  I  have  no  hesitation  in  saying,  that  the  design  expressed  in 
the  notice  of  tlie  publisliers.  has  been  successfully  accomplished,  and  that  the  work  is  well  calcu- 
lated to  become  popular  and  useful.  The  text  appears  to  be  unexceptionable.  Tlie  annotations 
embrace  in  condensed  form  such  valuable  information,  as  must  not  only  facihtate  the  research  of 
the  scholar,  but  also  stimulate  to  further  inquiry,  without  encouraging  indolence.  Tins  is  an  im- 
portant feature  in  the  right  prosecution  of  classical  studies,  which  ought  to  be  more  generally  un- 
derstood and  appreciated.  H.  HAVKKSTICK, 

Prof,  of  Ancient  Language!,  Central  High  Stiiuol,  I'hila. 


VOIiUME  II. 

P.  VIRGILII  IVIARONIS  CARMINA. 

NOW  READY. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


SCHOOL   BOOKS. 


BIRD'S   NATURAL   PHILOSOPHY. 

NOW   READY. 


SLEMEIVTS  OF  NATURAL  PHILOSOPHY, 

BEING  AN  EXPERIMENTAL  INTRODUCTION  TO  THE  PHYSICAL  SCIENCES. 

ILLUSTRATED  WITH  OVER  THREE   HUNDRED   WOOD-COTS. 

BY    GOLDING   BIRD,   M.D., 

Assistant  Physician  to  Guy's  Hospital. 

FROM   THE   THIRD    LONDON   EDITION. 

In  one  neat  volume. 

"By  the  appearance  of  Dr.  Bird's  work,  the  student  has  now  all  that  he  can  desire  in  one  neat, 
concise,  and  well-digested  volume.  Tlie  elements  of  natural  philosophy  are  explained  in  very  sim- 
ple lauguage,  and  illustrated  by  numerous  wood-cuts." — Medical  Gazette. 

ARNOTT'S  PHYSICS. 

ELEMENTS  OF  PHYSICS;  OK,  KATUR-4L  PHILOSOPHY, 

GENERAL     AND      MEDICAL. 

WRITTEN  FOR  UNIVERSAL  USE,  IN  PLAIN,  OR  NON-TECHNICAL  LANGUAGE. 

BY   NIELL    ARNOTT,   SYCD. 

A    NEW    EDITION,   BY    ISAAC   HAYS,    M.  D. 

Complete  in  one  octavo  volume,  with  nearly  two  hundred  wood-cnts. 

This  standard  worit  has  Ijcen  Ions  and  favonrahly  known  as  one  of  the  hest  popular  expositions 
of  the  interesting  science  it  treats  of.    It  is  extensively  used  in  many  of  the  first  seminaries. 

ELEP^NTARY  CHEMISTRY,  THEORETICAL  AND  PRACTICAL 

BY    GEORGE    FOWNE  S,  Ph.  D., 

Chemical  I,ecturer  in  the  Middlesex  Hospital  Medical  School,  &c.,  4;c. 

WITH    NUMEROUS    ILLUSTRATIONS. 

EDITED,   WITH    ADDITIONS, 

BY    ROBERT   BRIDGES,   M.D., 

Professor  of  General  and  Pharmaceutical  Chemistry  in  the  Pliiladelphia  College  of  Pharmacy,  &c.,  &c. 

SECOND    AMERICAN    EDITION. 

In  one  large  duodecimo  volume,  sheep  or  extra  cloth,  with  nearly  two 
hundred  wood-cuts. 

The  character  of  this  work  is  such  as  to  recommend  it  to  all  collesres  and  academies  in  want  of  a 
tcxt-liook.  It  is  fully  hron?lit  up  to  the  day,  containing  all  the  late  views  and  discoveries  that  have 
so  entirely  changed  llie  face  ol  tlie  science,  and  it  is  completely  illustrated  with  very  numerous 
wood  engravings,  exjilaiiatory  of  all  the  different  processes  and  forms  of  apparatus.  Though  strictly 
scientific,  it  is  written  with  great  clearness  and  simplicity  of  style,  rendering  it  easy  to  be  compre- 
hended by  those  who  are  commencing  the  study. 

It  may  be  had  well  hound  m  leatlier,  or  neatly  done  up  in  strong  cloth.  Its  low  price  places  it 
witiiiu  the  reach  of  all. 


BREWSTER'S  OPTICS. 


ELBMEITTS  OPOPTIOS, 

BY  SIR  DAVID  BREWSTER. 

WITH  NOTES   AND    ADDITIONS,   BY   A.  D.  BACHE,    LL.D. 

Superintendent  of  the  Coast  Survey,  ic. 

In  one  volume,  12rao.,  with  numerous  wood-cuts. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


SCHOOL   BOOKS. 


BOLMAR'S  FRENCH   SERIES. 

New  editions  of  the  following  works,  hy  A.  Bolmah,  forniin<r,  in  con- 
nection with  "  Bolmar's  Levizac,"  a  coniplete  series  lor  the  acquisition  of 
the  French  language. 

A  SELECTION  OF  ONE  HTJNDKIon  PERRIN'S  FABLES, 

ACCOMPANIED    I!  Y    A    KEY, 

Containing  the  text,  a  literal  and  free  trnrislniion,  .nrrnnsed  in  siicli  a  iiiaiinpr  ns  to 

point  out  the  (lifl'erence  between  the  French  and  English  idiom,  &c.,  in  1  vol.,  12iuo. 

A  COLLECTION   OF  COLLOQUIAL  PHRASES, 

ON  EVERY  TOl'IC  NECESSARY  TO  MAINTAIN  CONVERSATION, 
Arrnnjred  under  riifli;rent  lie.ids   with  nnincrons  ri'iii.Mks  on  the  (icciiliar  prdrinTiciatinn 
and  uses  of  various  wonls;  tjie  whole  so  di^pusi'd  .is  consirleralilv  to  lacilitale  the 
acquisition  of  a  correct  ijnuiuMcialion  of  llie  l-'ninh,  in  1  vol.,  leuio. 

LES  AVENTURES  1>E  TELeThAQUE  PAR  FENELON, 

In  1  vol.,  12mo.,  accompanied  by  a  Key  to  the  lir.-^t  ei^lit  biniks,  in  I  Vdl..  li!nio.,  con- 
taining, like  the  Tables,  the  Ie.\t,  a  literal  and  free  liunslation,  intended  as  a  sequel 
to  the  Fables.     Either  volume  sold  separately. 

ALL  THE  FRENCH  VERBS, 

Both  regular  and  irregular,  in  a  small  volume. 

^iTu  u  E  r^sThTsTcsT™' 

NOW    REAUY. 


PRINCIPLES  OF  PHYSICS   AND   METEOROLOGY. 

BY  J.  MULLER, 

Professor  of  Physics  at  the  University  of  Frieburg. 

ILLUSTRATED  WITH  NEARLY  FIVE  HUNDRED  AND  FIFTY  ENOBA VINOS  ON  WOOD,  AND  TWO 

COLORED  PLATES. 

»  In  one  octavo  volume. 

This  Edition  is  improved  hy  the  addition  of  various  articles,  and  will  be  found  in 
every  respect  brought  up  to  the  time  of  publication. 

"The  Physics  of  Muller  is  a  work,  superb,  complete,  iiniqiie :  the  greatest  want  known  to  Eni;- 
hsh  Science  conld  not  have  been  hetiev  supplied.  'I'iie  wurk  is  of  snriiassiri!>  inlcre.st.  The  value 
of  this  contribution  to  the  .scientific  records  of  thiscDiintiy  may  he  duly  estini.iied  by  the  fact,  that 
tlic  cost  of  the  original  drawings  and  ensraviiigs  alone  lias  e.vceeded  the  sum  of  2iMM.."—Laiuxt, 
March,  l&t7. 

imiTR^FAl^ 

^£T  ILTImAS   of  AX7CII:£7T  GSOCBiiPII-y-, 

BY  SAMUEL    BUTLER,    D.D., 
Late  Lord  Bishop  of  LitchfiKld, 

00I«TA.ININO  TWENTY-ONE   COLOtJKED   MAPS,   AND    A    COMPLETE  ACCEKTDATED  INDEX. 

In  one  octavo  volume,  half-bound. 

BUTLER'S  ANCIENT  GEOGRAPHY. 

GEOGRAPHIA   CI^i^SSICA, 

OR,  THE  APPLICATION  OF  ANCIENT  GEOCRAPIIY  '10  THE  CLASSICS, 

BY   SAMUEL    BUTLER,  D.D.,  F.R.S. 

REVISED  BY  HIS  SON. 

FIFTH  AMERICAN,  FROM  TUB  LAST  LONDON  EDITION, 

WITH   QUESTIONS   ON    THE    MAPS,   BY    JOHN    FROST. 

In  one  duodecimo  volume,  lialf-bound,  to  matcli  the  Atlas. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


SCHOOL   BOOKS. 


WHITE'S   UNIVERSAL   HISTORY. 


LATELY    PUBLISHED, 

ELEMENTS    OF    UIT  I VE  R  S  AX.    HISTOR'2', 

ON   A   NEW   AND  SYSTEMATIC  PLAN; 

FROM  THE  EARLIEST  TIMES  TO  THE  TREATY  OF  VIENTNA ;  TO  \\'HICH  [S  ADDED   A 

SUMMARY  OF  THE  LEADING  EVENTS  SINCE  THAT  PERIOD,  FOR  THE 

USE  OF  SCHOOLS  AND  PRIVATE  STUDENTS. 

BY   H.   -WHITE,  B.A,, 

TRINITY    COLLEGE,    CAMBRIDOB. 

WITH   ADDITIONS   AND   QUESTIONS, 
BT    JOHN    S.    HART,   A.M., 

Principal  of  the  Philadelphia  High  School,  and  Professor  of  Moral  and  Mental  Science,  &c.,  &c. 
In  one  volume,  large  duodecimo,  neatly  bound  with  Maroon  Backs. 

This  work  is  arranged  on  a  new  plan,  which  is  believed  to  combine  the 
advantages  of  those  formerly  in  use.  It  is  divided  into  three  parts,  corre- 
sponding with  Ancient,  Middle,  and  Modern  History  ;  which  parts  are  again 
subdivided  into  centuries,  so  that  the  various  events  are  presented  in  the 
order  of  time,  while  it  is  so  arranged  that  the  annals  of  each  country  can  be 
read  consecutively,  thus  combining  the  advantages  of  both  the  plans  hitherto 
pursued  in  works  of  this  kind.  To  guide  the  researches  of  the  student, 
there  will  be  found  numerous  synoptical  tables,  with  remarks  and  sketches 
of  literature,  antiquities,  and  manners,  at  the  great  chronological  epochs. 

The  additions  of  the  American  editor  have  been  principally  confined  to 
the  chapters  on  the  history  of  this  country.  The  series  of  questions  by  him 
will  be  found  of  use  to  those  who  prefer  that  system  of  instruction.  For 
those  who  do  not,  the  publishers  have  had  an  edition  prepared  without  the 
questions. 

This  work  has  already  passed  through  several  editions,  and  has  been 
introduced  into  many  of  the  higher  Schools  and  Academies  throughout  the 
country.  From  among  numerous  recommendations  which  they  have  re- 
ceived, the  publishers  annex  the  following  from  tlfe  Deputy  Superintendent 
of  Common  Schools  for  New  York: 


State  of  New  York. 
Albany,  Oct.  lith,  1845. 


Secretary's  Office,  > 

Department  of  Common  Schools.     J 

Messrs.  Lea  4r  Elanchard  : 

Gentlemen: — I  have  examined  the  copy  of  "Wlute's  Universal  History,"  which  you  were  so 
obliging  as  to  send  me,  and  cheerfully  and  fully  concur  in  the  commendations  of  its  value,  as  a  com- 
prehensive and  enlightened  survey  of  the  Ancient  and  Modern  World  which  many  of  the  most  com- 
petent judges  have,  as  I  perceive,  already  bestowed  upon  it.  It  appears  to  me  to  be  admirably 
adapted  to  the  purposes  of  our  public  schools  ;  and  I  unhesitatingly  approve  of  its  introduction  into 
those  seminaries  of  elementary  instruction.  Very  respectfully,  your  obedient  servant, 

SAMUEL  S.  RANDALL, 
Deputy  Superintendent  Common  Schools. 

This  v7ork  is  admirably  calculated  for  District  and  other  libraries  :  an  edition  for  that  pnrpose 
without  questions  has  been  prepared,  done  up  in  strong  cloth. 


HERSCHELL'S  ASTRONOMY. 


A  TREATISE  OZT  ASTHO^OM'S', 

BY  SIR  JOHN  F.  W.  HERSCHELL,  F.  R.  S.,  &c. 

WITH  NtlMEROUS  PLATES  AND  WOOD-CUTS. 

A  NEW  EDITION,  WITH  A  PREFACE  AND  A  SERIES  OF  QUESTIONS, 

BY  S.  C.  WALKER. 

In  one  volume,  12mo. 


I 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


LAW    BOOKS. 


HILLIARD   ON    REAL   ESTATE. 

NOW  READY. 


S' 


THE  AniEnZCAZT  I.AW  OF  REAZ.  PROPERTY. 

SECOND   EDITION,  REVISED,  CORKECTED,  AND   ENLARGED. 

BY    FRANCIS    HILLIARD, 

COONSELLOR   AT  LAW. 

In  two  large  ocUvo  volumes,  beautifully  printed,  and  bound  in  best  law  sheep. 

This  book  is  designed  as  a  substitute  for  Cruise's  Digest,  occupying  the 
same  ground  in  American  law  which  that  work  has  long  covered  in  the 
English  law.  It  embraces  all  that  portion  of  the  English  Law  of  Real 
Estate  which  has  any  applicability  in  this  country;  and  at  the  same  time  it 
embodies  the  statutory  provisions  and  adjudged  cases  of  all  the  States  upon 
the  same  subject ;  thereby  constituting  a  complete  elementary  treatise  for 
American  students  and  practitioners.  The  plan  of  the  work  is  such  as  to 
render  it  equally  valuable  in  all  the  States,  embracing,  as  it  does,  the  pecu- 
liar modifications  of  the  law  alike  in  Massachusetts  and  Missouei,  New 
York  and  Mississippi.  In  this  edition,  the  statutes  and  decisions  subse- 
quent to  the  former  one,  which  are  very  numerous,  have  all  been  incorpo- 
rated, thus  making  it  one-third  larger  than  the  original  work,  and  bringing 
the  view  of  the  law  upon  the  subject  treated  quite  down  to  the  present  time. 
The  book  is  recommended  in  the  highest  terms  by  distinguished  jurists  of 
different  States,  as  will  be  seen  by  the  subjoined  extracts. 

"  The  work  before  us  supplies  this  deficiency  in  a  highly  satisfactory  manner.  It  is  beyond  all 
question  the  best  work  of  the  kind  that  we  now  have,  and  although  we  doubt  whether  this  or  any 
other  work  will  be  likely  to  supplant  Cruise's  Digest,  we  do  rujt  hesitate  to  say,  that  of  the  two, 
this  is  the  more  valuable  to  the^merican  lawyer.  We  congratulate  the  author  upon  the  success- 
ful accomphshment  of  the  arduous  task  he  undertook,  in  reducing  the  vast  body  of  the  American 
I.aw  of  Real  Property  to  '  portable  size,'  and  we  do  not  doubt  that  his  labours  will  be  duly  ajipre- 
ciated  by  the  profession." — law  Reporter,  Aug.,  1816. 

Judge  Story  says : — "I  think  the  work  a  very  valuable  addition  to  our  present  stock  of  juridical 
literature.  It  embraces  all  that  part  of  Mr.  Cruise's  Digest  which  is  most  useful  to  American  law- 
yers. But  its  higher  value  is,  that  it  presents  in  a  concise,  but  clear  and  exact  form,  the  substance 
of  American  Law  on  the  same  subject.  1  know  no  work  that  we  possess,  whose  practical  utility  is 
likely  to  be  so  extensively  felt."  "  The  wonder  is,  that  the  author  has  been  able  to  bring  so  great  a 
mass  into  so  condensed  a  text,  at  once  comprehensive  and  lucid." 

Chancellor  Kent  says  of  the  work  (Commentaries,  vol.  ii.,  p.  635,  note,  5th  edition) : — "  It  is  a  work 
of  great  labour  and  intrinsic  value." 

Hon.  Rufus  Choate  says : — "Mr.  Hilliard's  work  has  been  for  three  or  four  years  m  use,  and  1 
thiidv  that  Mr.  Justice  Story  and  Chancellor  Kent  express  the  general  opinion  of  the  Massachusetts 
Bar." 

Professor  Grecnleaf  says : — "  I  had  already  found  the  first  edition  a  very  convenient  book  of  refe- 
rence, and  do  not  doubt,  from  the  appearance  of  the  second,  that  it  is  greatly  improved." 

Professor  J.  H.  Townsend,  of  Yale  College,  say?  :— 

"  I  have  been  acquainted  for  several  years  with  the  first  edition  of  Mr.  Hilliard's  Treatise,  and 
have  formed  a  very  favourable  opinion  of  it.  1  have  no  doubt  the  second  cditicm  will  be  found  even 
more  valuable  than  the  first, and  I  shall  be  happy  to  recommend  it  as  I  may  have  opportunity.  I 
know  of  no  other  v.'ork  on  the  subject  of  Real  Estate,  so  comprehensive  and  so  well  adapted  to  the 
state  of  the  law  in  this  country." 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


LAW   BOOKS. 


ADDISON   ON   CONTRACTS. 


A  TREATISE  ON  THE  l.jft.-W  C?"  CONTRACTS  AEI2J 
RIGHTS  A.S7D  IiIABII^ITIBS  EX  COI7TRACTXJ. 

BY  C.  G.  ADDISON,  ESQ., 

Of  the  Inner  Temple,  Barrister  at  Law. 

In  one  volume,  octavo,  handsomely  bound  in  law  sheep. 

In  this  treatise  upon  the  most  constantly  and  frequently  administered 
branch  of  law,  the  author  has  collected,  arranged  and  developed  in  an  intel- 
ligible and  popular  form,  the  rules  and  principles  of  the  Law  of  Contracts, 
and  has  supported,  illustrated  or  exemplified  thein  by  references  to  nearly 
four  thousand  adjudged  cases.  It  comprises  the  Rights  and  Liabilities  of 
Seller  and  Purchaser;  Landlord  and  Tenant ;  Letter  and  Hirer  of  Chattels  ; 
Borrower  and  Lender;  Workman  and  Eiriployer;  Master,  Servant  and  Ap- 
prentice ;  Principal,  Agent  and  Surety;  Husband  and  Wife;  Partners; 
Joint  Stock  Companies  ;  Corporations  ;  Trustees  ;  Provisional  Committee- 
men ;  Shipowners;  Shipmasters;  Innkeepers;  Carriers;  Infants;  Luna- 
tics, &c. 

WHEATON'S   INTERNATIONAL   LAW. 


SLESIBITTS    OP    IWTERKr ATIOET AI.    LAW. 

BY  HENRY   WHEATON,  LL.  D., 

Minister  of  the  United  States  at  the  Court  of  Russia,  <tc, 

THIRD  EDITION,  REVISED  AND  CORRECTED. 

In  one  large  and  beautiful  octavo  volume  of  650  pages,  extra  cloth,  or  fine  law  sheep. 

"  Jlr.  Wheaton's  work  is  indispensable  to  every  diplomatist,  statesman  and  lawyer,  and  necessary 
indeed  to  all  pulilic  men.  To  every  philosophic  and  liberal  mind,  the  study  must  be  an  attractive 
and  m  the  hands  of  our  author  it  is  a  delightful  oae."— North  American. 


HILL   ON  TRUSTEES. 


A  PRACTICAL  TREATISE  ON  THE  LAW  RELATING  TO  TRUSl'EES, 

THEIR  POWERS,  DUTIES,  PRIVILEGES  AND  LIABILITIES. 

BY   JAMES  HILL,  ESQ., 

Of  the  Inner  Temple,  Barrister  at  Law, 

EDITED   BY  FRANCIS   J.  TROUBAT, 

Of  the  Philadelphia  Bar. 

In  one  large  octavo  volume,  best  law  sheep,  raised  bands. 

"  The  editor  begs  leave  to  iterate  the  observation  made  by  the  author  that  the  work  is  intended 
principally  for  the  instruction  and  guidance  of  trustees.  That  single  feature  very  much  enhances 
its  practical  value." 

ON  THE  PRINCIPLES  OF  CRIMINAL  LAW. 

In  one  18mo.  volume,  paper,  price  25  cents. 
BEING  PART  10,  OF  "  SMALL  EOOICS  ON  GREAT  SUBJECTS." 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS. 


LAW   BOOKS. 

SPENCE'S    EQUITY    JURIGDICTIOlf. 

THE  EQUITABLE  JURISDICTION  OF  THE  COURT  OF  CHANCERY, 

cosirrusiNG 
ITS  RISE,  PROGRESS  AND  FINAL  ESTABLISHMENT. 

TO  WHICH   IS   PREFIXED.  WITH  A  VIEW  TO  TIIK  ELUCIOATION   OF  THE  MAIN  SUB- 
JECT, A  CONCI.SE  ACCOUNT  OF  TIIIO  MOADING   DOCTRINES   OF   TIIK    COMMON 
LAW,  AND  OF  'IHE  COURSE  OF  RHOCEDURE  IN  THE  COURTS  OF  COM- 
MON LAW.  WITH   RKCARD  T(_)  CIYII,  RIGHTS;  WITH  AN  ATTEMPT 
TO  TRA(;E   THKM    to   their  SOL'RCIOS;  AND  JN  WIUCH 
THE   VARIOU.S    Al.TERAl'IONS    MADK    1!Y   THE 
LEGISLATURE   DOWN  TO  THE  PRESENT 
DAY   ARE  NOTICED. 

BY    GEORGE    SPENCE,   ESQ., 

One  of  her  Majesty's  Counsel. 

IN     TWO     OCTAVO    VOLUMES. 

Volume  I ,  embracins:  the  Principles,  is  now  ready.  Volume  II.  is  rapidly  preparinsr  and  will 
appear  early  in  1818.  It  is  based  upon  the  work  ol  Mr.  Madilock,  timuglit  down  to  the  present 
time,  and  embracing  so  mucli  of  the  practice  as  counsel  are  called  on  to  advise  upon. 


A   ZTE-W   LAVT    DICT3C03Srja.R Y, 

CONTAfNING  EXPLANATION'S  OF  SUC'll  TECH.NTCAL  TKRMS  AND  PHRASES  AS  OCCUR 

IN  'I'HE  WORKS   OF    LEGAL   AUTIIOKS,    IN    THE   PRAimCK   OF   'IIIK   COURTS, 

AND  IN  THE  PARLIAMENTAK  V  I'ROCEKDINGS  OF  I'lIK  HOUSE  OF  LORDS 

AND   COMMONS,   TO    WHICH    IS   ADDED,   AN    OUTLINE   OF   AN 

ACTION  AT  LAW  AND  OF  A  SUIT  IN  EQUlTy. 

BY    HEKRY    JAIMES    HOLTKOUSE,  ESQ., 

Of  the  Inner  Temple,  Special  Pleader. 
EDITED    FROM    THE   SECOND    AND    ENLARGED    LONDON   EDITION, 

WITH   NUMEROUS   ADDITIONS, 

BY   HENRY    PENING-TON, 

Of  the  I'hiladelphia  Bar. 

In  one  large  volume,  royal  12mo.,  of  almiit  500  pages,  double  columns,  handsomely 

bound  in  law  sliee|). 

"  This  is  a  considerable  improvement  npcm  the  former  edition^,  being  bound  with  the  usual  law 
bindins,  and  the  Reneral  execution  admirable — the  paper  excellent,  and  the  printing  clear  and 
beautiful.  Its  peculiar  usefulness,  however,  consists  in  the  valu.ible  additions  above  referred  to, 
being  intelligible  and  well  devised  definitions  of  such  phrases  and  technicalilies  as  are  peculiar  to 
the  practice  in  the  Courts  of  this  country. — While,  therefore,  we  reconnnend  it  especially  to  the 
students  of  law,  as  a  safe  guide  through  the  intricacies  of  their  study,  it  wdl  neverthele.ss  be  found 
a  valuable  acquisilion  to  the  library  of  the  practitioner  himself." — Akx.  Gazette. 

"Tliiswork  is  intended  rather  for  the  general  student,  than  as  a  substitute  for  many  abridgments, 
digests,  and  rlictionanes  in  use  by  the  profe.ssional  man.  Its  object  principally  is  to  impress  accu- 
rately and  distinctly  upon  the  mind  the  meaning  of  the  technical  terms  of  the  law,  and  a.s  such 
can  hardly  fad  to  be  generally  asiful.  There  is  much  curious  information  to  be  found  in  it  in  re- 
gard to  Ike  peculiarities  of  the  ancient  Saxon  law.  The  additions  of  the  American  edition  give 
increased  value  to  the  work,  and  evince  much  accuracy  and  care." — Pcmisylvaniii  I/iw  Journal. 


TAiriiOR'S   MEPICAI.   JURISPRtJDEiWCE. 

A  PRACTICAL  TREATISE  ON  MEDICAL  JURISPRUDENCE. 

BY  ALFRED  S.   TAYLOR, 

Lecturer  on  Medical  Jurisprudence  and  Chemistrj*  at  Guy's  Hospital,  London. 

With  numerous  Notes  and  Additions,  and  References  to  American  Law, 

BY  R.  E.   GRIFFITH,  M.D. 

In  one  volume,  octavo,  neat  law  sheep. 

TA"2"IiOR'S   TUlA-NXIAl*   OF   TOXICOLOGTT. 

IN    ONE    NEAT    OCTAVO    VOLUME. 

A  NEW  WORK,  NOW  READY. 


TRAII.i:.'S 

OUTLINES  OF  A  COURSE  OF  LECTURES  ON  MEDICAL  JURISPRUDENCE. 
IN   ONE  SMALL   OCTAVO    VOLUME. 


LEA  AND  BLANCHARD'S  PUBLICATIONS, 


LAW  BOOKS. 
E  A  S  T'S     REPORTS. 


REPOHTS   OP  ©ASieS 

ADJUDGED   AND   DETERMINED    IN    THE    COURT 

OF   KING'S    BENCH, 

WITH  TAELES  OF  THE  NAJfES  OP  THE  CASES  AND  PRINCIPAL  MATTERS. 

BY    EDVSTARD    HYDE    EAST,   ESQ., 

Of  the  Inner  Temi'le,  Barrister  at  Law. 

EDITED,     WITH     NOTES     AND     REFERENCES, 

BY    G,  M.   WHARTON,  ESQ., 
Of  the  Philadelphia  Bar. 

In  eight  large  royal  octavo  volumes,  bound  in  bi;st  law  sheep,  raised  bands  and  double 
titles.    Price,  to  subscribers,  only  twenty. five  dollars. 

In  this  edition  of  East,  the  sixteen  volumes  of  the  former  edition  have 
been  compressed  into  eight — two  volumes  in  one  throughout — but  nothing 
has  been  omitted ;  the  entire  work  will  be  found,  with  the  notes  of  Mr. 
Wharton  added  to  those  of  Mr.  Day.  The  great  reduction  of  price,  (from 
$72,  the  price  of  the  last  edition,  to  S25,  the  subscription  price  of  this,) 
together  with  the  improvement  in  appearance,  will,  it  is  trusted,  procure  foi 
it  a  ready  sale. 

A  NEW  WORK  ON  COURTS-MARTIAL 


A  TREATISE  ON  AMERICAN  MILITARY  LAW, 

AND   THE 

PRACTICE   OF    COURTS-3IARTIAL, 

WITH  SUGGESTIONS  FOR  THEIR  UMPROVEMENT. 
BV   JOHN   O'BRIEWr, 

LIEUTENANT   UNITED   STATES   AKTILLERY. 

In  one  octavo  volume,  extra  cloth,  or  law  sheep. 

"This  work  stands  relatively  to  American  Military  Law  in  the  same  position  that  Blackstone's 
Commentaries  stand  to  Common  Law." —  U.  S.  Gazette. 

CAMPBELL'S   LORD   CHANCELLORS. 


LIVES  OF  THE  LORD  CHANCELLORS  AND  KEEPERS  OF 
THE  GREAT  SEAL  OF  ENGLAND, 

FROM   THE   EARLIEST  TIMES   TO   THE   REIGN    OF    KING    GEORGE   IV., 

BY  JOHN  LORD  CAMPBELL,  A.M.,  F.R.S.E. 
FIRST  sx:riks, 

In  three  neat  demy  octavo  volumes,  extra  cloth, 
BRINGING  THE  WORK  TO  THE  TIME  OF  JA5IES  IL,  JUST  ISSUED. 

PREPARING, 
SECOND    SERIES, 

In  four  volumes,  to  match, 

CONTAINING  FROM  JAMES  IL  TO  GEORGE  IV. 


di 


uS 


AUG  3  1  1938 


