"t 


r- 


LIBRARY  OF  THE 

UNIVERSITY  OF  ILLINOIS 

AT  URBANA-CHAMPAIGN 

917.7 


111.    Hist.    Sur'\/. 


■■  -'.ir 


^ 


r 


LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST ; 


CONTAINING 


SKETCHES 


OF 


SCENERY,  MANNERS,  AND  CUSTOMS; 


AND  ANECDOTES    CONNECTED   WITH    THE 


FIRST  SETTLEMENTS  OF  THE  WESTERN  SECTIONS 


OF    THE 


UNITED  STATES. 


BY  THE  HON.  JUDGE  HALL. 


LONDON : 
HENRY  COLBURN,  NEW  BURLINGTON  STREET. 


«l 


1828.  ^ 


^ 


\ 


N 


LONDON: 

3HACKELT,   AND   BAYLIS,    JOHNSON'S-COURT,    FLEET-STRREI 


PREFACE. 


The  following  Letters  were  commenced  in  the 
year  1820,  and  were  intended  for  the  pages  of  a 
periodical  work,*  in  which  some  of  them  have 
been  published.  A  residence  of  several  years 
in  the  country  which  he  attempts  to  describe, 
has  enabled  the  author  to  enlarge  his  original 
plan,  and  to  offer  the  result  of  his  observations 
in  the  more  formidable  shape  of  a  volume — 
formidable  to  the  public,  who  are  already  sur- 
feited with  books,  and  to  the  author,  who  in 
this  dress,  may  incur  the  test  of  criticism,  which 
he  might  have  escaped  under  the  humbler  garb 
of  a  periodical  writer. 

*  The  Portfolio,  a  monthly  magazine,  which  has  been 
pubUshed  at  Philadelphia  since  the  year  1801 — a  degree  of  lon- 
gevity altogether  unequalled  in  the  United  States.  It  is  con- 
ducted by  John  E.  Hall,  Esq.,  who  is  likewise  the  editor  of  an 
"  American  Law  Journal,"  and  other  works  on  Jurisprudence. 


t.^  fN«: 


IV  PREFACE. 

It  will  be  seen  that  neither  a  history  nor  a 
book  of  travels  is  attempted,  but  a  mere  collec- 
tion of  sketches,  with  but  little  choice  of  sub- 
jects, and  still  less  attention  to  the  order  in  which 
they  are  arranged.  If  his  work  should  afford 
amusement,  the  author  will  be  satisfied  ;  if  it 
should  develope  any  new  fact,  honourable  to 
his  country,  or  useful  to  its  citizens,  his  highest 
aim  will  be  achieved  ;  and,  in  any  event,  he  will 
submit  cheerfully  to  the  verdict  of  public 
opinion,  convinced  that  his  book,  if  too  dull  to 
deserve  approbation,  is  too  brief  to  merit  cen- 
sure. 


■W 


CONTENTS. 


LETTER  I;  Pa«.. 

Introduction 1 

LETTER  IL 
Pittsburgh,  and  its  Vicinity 16 

LETTER  in. 
Wheeling— The  Cumberland  Road— Internal  Improvements     46 

LETTER  IV. 
Scenery  of  the  Ohio — A  Caravan — Drolleries  of  the  Boat- 
men— River  Melodies 78 

LETTER  V. 

Blannerhassett's  Island,  and  Burr's  Conspiracy 95  -" 

LETTER  VI. 
Manners   of  the  People — Travellers,  and   hovir  they  are 

treated m 

LETTER  VII. 
Hard  Names — Antiquities — Logan's  Speech — Grey-haired 

Adventurers — A  Churlish  Traveller 132 

LETTER  VIII. 

Biography  of  General  Presby  Neville 143 

LETTER  IX. 
Scenery — Cincinnav.,— General  St.  Clair— Rapid  Progress 

of  Improvement l-'^^ 


VI  CONTENTS. 

LETTER  X.  Page. 

"*"    Small  Town  — Manners  of  the  People 166 

LETTER  XL 

Scenery — Science — Fiddling  . . . .  , 175 

LETTER  XIL 
Falls  of  Ohio — Scenery  and  Productions  below  the  Falls. .    184 

LETTER  XIII. 

Names  of  Places 193 

LETTER  XIV. 

Shawnee  Town  and  its  Vicinity 215 

LETTER  XV. 

National  Character 234 

LETTER  XVI. 
Backwoodsmen — Daniel  Boon — A  Romantic  Adventure. .   248 

LETTER  XVII. 

Story  of  the  Harpes 265 

LETTER  XVIII. 

Backwoodsmen — Regulators 283 

LETTER  XIX. 

The  Missouri  Trapper 293 

LETTER  XX. 

Emigration 306 

LETTER  XXI. 

Popular  Superstitions 326 

LETTER  XXII. 
Tales  of  Travellers 346 


LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 


LETTER  r. 

INTRODUCTORY. 


Can  you  tell  me,  my  dear  N e,  why  I 

left  you  in  sadness,  though  I  would  fain  have 
chased  away  the  cloud  that  hung  upon  my 
brow  ?  If  you  can,  you  will  explain  a  feeling 
which  I  have  often  experienced,  but  never 
could  exactly  define.  I  have  seldom  left  a  spot, 
at  which  I  had  sojourned  long  enough  to  form 
acquaintances,  without  a  heavy  heart ;  and  yet 
there  is  something  in  that  same  heart  which 
makes  me  delight  to  be  ever  roving  from  scene 
to  scene.     The  prospect  of  a  journey  fills  my 

B 


2  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

mind  with  delightful  anticipations,  and  there  is 
no  labour  w^hich  I  undertake  with    so    much 
alacrity  as  that  which  is  preparatory  to  a  change 
of  place.     The  horse  is   my  favourite  among 
quadrupeds,  and  I  find  no  music  so  inspiriting 
as  the   cracking  of  a  coachman's  whip  ;  even 
the  creaking  of  cordage,   and  the  howling  of 
the  ocean  blast,  though  they  intimate  danger, 
have  often  charmed  me  into  forgetfulness,  by 
harmonizing  with  my  locomotive  propensities. 
And  yet  there  is  a  sadness  in  the  word  *'  fare- 
well"— a  melancholy  in  the  glance  which  the 
traveller  throws  back  at  the  receding  landscape, 
but  little  in  accordance  with  the  bright  visions 
which   illumine  his  onward  path.     What  is  it 
that  chains  the  heart  to  a  narrow  spot,  when 
the  wide  world  is  blooming  around  ?     Can  it  be 
fondness  for  the  scene  which  has  already  been 
enjoyed  to  satiety,  where   every  thing  has  be- 
come monotonous,  and  the  palled  senses  must 
feed  upon  the  food  they  have  grown  tired  of? 
Can  it  be  regret,  when  pleasure  allures  in  the 
perspective,  and  when  any  dear  object  which  is 
left  behind  will   be  regained,,  and  glow   with 
new  charms  after  a  temporary  absence  ?     These 


LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST.  3 

are  questions  which  you  may  answer  if  you 
please,  for  I  assure  you  I  shall  not  take  the 
trouble  to  investigate  them;  it  is  enough  for 
me  to  leave  my  friends  with  heaviness,  and  to 
return  to  them  with  delight,  without  intruding 
on  philosophic  ground  to  analyze  the  light  and 
shade  of  those  conflicting  emotions,  of  which 
the  experience  is  sufficiently  pleasurable. 

Now,  while  you  are  answering  my  questions, 
I  will  reply  to  yours.  You  ask  me,  in  the  very 
spirit  of  Goldsmith's  Hermit,  what  allures  me 
to  '"  tempt  the  dangerous  gloom,"  and  to  risk 
my  neck,  aye,  and  my  complexion  too,  among 
the  tangled  forests  and  sun-burnt  prairies  of  the 
West  ?  I  might  reply,  in  my  usual  style,  by  a 
quotation  from  a  favourite  author  : 

"  We  may  roam  through  this  world  hke  a  child  at  a  feast, 
Who  but  sips  of  a  sweet,  and  then  flies  to  the  rest ; 
And  when  pleasure  begins  to  grow  dull  in  the  east. 
We  may  order  our  wings  and  be  off  to  the  west  ;" —  • 

or  1  might  briefly  say,  with  the  churlish  Shy- 
lock,  *'  It  is  my  humour."  But  as  I  would 
have  you  to  know,  that  I  am  not  so  much  of  a 
knight-errant  as  to  seek  for  giants  for  the  mere 
pleasure   of   overcoming   them,   nor   so  senti- 

B  2 


4  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

mental  as  to  hie  me  to  purling  streams  and 
spreading  shades,  to  cool  my  blood  and  warm 
my  fancy,  I  will  discuss  my  reasons  in  sober 
prose. 

My  desire  of  exploring  the  western   country 
has    not    been    altogether    the   effect   of  that 
wandering   disposition    to   which    my    friends 
have  been  good  enough  to  attribute  it.     It  is 
true,  too  true,  perhaps,  that  a  roving  fancy,  in- 
dulged and  confirmed  into  habit  by  the  unsettled 
manner  of  my  early  life,  may  have  had  much 
weight  in  forming  my  determination  ;  but  it  is 
equally  true,  that  this  is  a  national  trait,   en- 
tailed in  common  upon  most  of  my  country- 
men, few  of  whom  regard  time  or  space,  when 
profit  or  amusement  allures  to  distant  regions. 
But  I  found  my  strongest  inducement  in  the 
deep  interest  we  all  feel  in  those  young  states 
which  have  sprung  up  in  the  wilderness,   and 
which,    expanding  with  unexampled   rapidity, 
are  fast  becoming  the  rivals  of  their  elder  sisters 
in  the  east. 

It  might  be  questioned  whether  I  have 
reached  the  years  of  discretion  ;  and  yet,  young 
as  I  am,  I  can  remember  the  time  when  Pitts- 


LETTEUS    FROM    THE    WEST.  5 

burgh  was  considered  as  one  of  the  outposts 
of  civihzed  America ;  and  I  shall  never  forget 
the  intense  interest  which  I  felt,  while  a  boy,  in 
gazing  at  the  brawny  limbs  and  sun-burnt 
features  of  a  Kentuckian,  as  he  passed  through 
the  streets  of  Philadelphia.  The  rough,  hardy 
air  of  the  stranger,  the  jaded  paces  of  his 
nag,  the  blanket,  bear-skin,  and  saddle-bags — 
nay,  the  very  oil-cloth  on  his  hat,  and  the  dirk 
that  peeped  from  among  his  vestments,  are  still 
in  my  eye ;  they  bespoke  him  to  be  of  distant 
regions,  to  have  been  reared  among  dangers, 
and  to  be  famiUar  with  fatigues.  He  strode 
among  us  with  the  step  of  an  Achilles,  glancing 
with  a  good-natured  superciliousness  at  the 
fragile  butterflies  of  fashion  that  glittered  in 
the  sun-beams  around  him.  I  thought  I  could 
see  in  that  man,  one  of  the  progenitors  of  an 
unconquerable  race ;  his  face  presented  the 
traces  of  a  spirit  quick  to  resent — he  had  the 
will  to  dare,  and  the  power  to  execute ;  there 
was  a  something  in  his  look  which  bespoke  a 
disdain  of  controul,  and  an  absence  of  con- 
straint in  all  his  movements,  indicating  an 
habitual  independence  of  thought  and  action. 


D  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

Such  was  the  stock  from  which  a  new  people 
were  to  spring ;  but  the  oak  has  blossomed  and 
borne  fruit.  Science  and  refinement,  engrafted 
upon  the  rude  stem,  have  flourished,  and  have 
mingled  their  verdure  and  their  sweets  among 
its  hardy  branches.  That  "  lone,  wayfaring 
man,'*  is  not  now  the  only  representative  of  his 
country ;  the  West  has  already  sent  us  the 
statesman,  upon  whose  accents  listening  thou- 
sands have  hung  enraptured — the  gentleman, 
whose  politeness  pleases — and  the  maiden, 
whose  loveliness  delights  us. 

At  the  period  to  which  I  have  alluded,  a 
journey  from  Philadelphia  to  Pittsburgh  was  a 
most  serious  affair ;  and  he  who  would  adventure 
further,  took  with  him  arms,  and  guides,  and 
provisions,  and  "all  appliances  and  means  to 
boot,"  necessary  for  subsistence  and  defence. 
What  was  then  the  goal,  is  now  the  starting 
place  ;  Pittsburgh  is  the  threshold  by  which 
w^e  pass  into  the  great  States  of  the  West ;  and 
Kentucky,  but  lately  a  western  frontier,  is  now 
one  of  the  eastern  boundaries  of  the  western 
country. 

The  shores  of  the  Mississippi,  and  its  tribu- 


LETTERS    FROM    THfi    WEST.  7 

tary  streams,  present  to  the  world  a  singular 
and  most  enchanting  picture — one  which  future 
ages  will  contemplate  with  wonder  and  delight. 
The  celerity  with  which  the  soil  has  been 
peopled,  and  the  harmony  which  has  prevailed 
in  the  erection  of  their  governments,  have  no 
parallel  in  history,  and  seem  to  be  the  effect  of 
magic,  rather  than  of  human  agency.  Europe 
was  at  one  time  overrun  by  numerous  hordes, 
who,  rushing  like  a  torrent  from  the  North,  in 
search  of  a  more  genial  climate,  captured  or 
expelled  the  effeminate  inhabitants  of  the  South, 
and  planted  colonies  in  its  richest  provinces; 
but  these  were  savages,  who  conquered  with  the 
sword,  and  ruled  with  the  rod  of  iron.  The 
*'arm  of  flesh"  was  visible  in  all  their  opera- 
tions. Their  colonies,  like  ours,  were  formed  by 
emigration  ;  the  soil  was  peopled  with  an  exotic 
population ;  but  here  the  parallel  ends.  The 
country,  gained  by  violence,  was  held  by  force  ; 
the  blood-stained  soil  produced  nothing  but 
"  man  and  steel,  the  soldier  and  his  sword." 

What  a  contrast  does  our  happy  country 
present  to  scenes  like  these  !  It  remained  for  us 
to  exhibit  to  the  world   the  novel  spectacle  of 


is  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

a  people,  coming  from  various  nations,  and 
differing  in  language,  politics,  and  religion, 
sitting  down  quietly  together,  erecting  states, 
forming  constitutions,  and  enacting  laws, 
without  bloodshed  or  dissension.  Our  curiosity 
is  excited  to  know  what  powerful  attraction  has 
drawn  these  multitudes  from  their  native  plains, 
and  why,  like  bees,  they  swarm  as  it  were  to  the 
same  bough.  Nor  is  it  less  interesting  to  inquire 
by  what  process  such  heterogeneous  particles 
have  become  united,  and  to  observe  the  effect 
of  so  extraordinary  a  combination.  Is  it  not 
singular  to  behold  the  Englishman  and  the 
Frenchman  rushing  to  the  same  goal ;  the  labo- 
rious, economical  New  Englander  treading  the 
same  path  with  the  high-minded,  luxurious 
native  of  the  South  j  and  the  cautious  Hollander, 
with  an  enterprise  foreign  to  his  nature,  rearing 
his  vine  and  his  fig-tree  at  a  spot  whence  the 
footsteps  of  the  savage  aborigines  are  scarcely 
yet  effaced?  Is  it  not  more  strange  that  such 
men  can  live  in  fellowship,  act  in  unison,  make 
laws  in  peace,  and  "  do  all  things  which  are 
requisite  and  necessary,  as  well  for  the  body  as 
the  soul,''  in  harmonious  concert  ?     These  are 


LETTERS    FROM    THE    AVEST,  9 

healthful  symptoms,  indicating  moral  beauty 
and  political  soundness.  With  such  practical 
effects  of  liberty  before  us,  we  may  smile  at  the 
sneers  of  those,  who  know  freedom  only  in 
theory,  and,  hugging  their  own  base  chains, 
affect  to  scorn  that  blessing  which  they  have 
not  the  manliness  to  attain,  or  the  virtue  to 
preserve. 

But  there  are  other  considerations,  besides 
those  of  a  political  nature,  which  render  this 
country  peculiarly  interesting.  It  is  the  refuge 
of  thousands,  who  have  fled  from  poverty,, 
from  tyranny,  and  from  fanaticism.  The 
tumults  of  Europe  have  driven  hither  crowds 
of  unhappy  beings,  whose  homes  have  been 
rendered  odious  or  unsafe  by  the  mad  ambition 
of  a  few  aspiring  sovereigns.  Here  is  no  Holy 
Alliance,  trafficking  in  human  blood  ;  no  sceptre 
to  be  obeyed,  no  mitre  to  be  worshipped.  Here 
they  find  not  merely  a  shelter  from  the  rude 
storm  that  pelts  them,  but  they  become  propri- 
etors of  the  soil,  and  citizens  in  the  state.  Here 
they  learn  the  practical  value  of  that  liberty, 
which  they  only  knew  before  in  theory.  They 
learn  here,   that  although  the  Englishman  may 


10  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

be  born  a  freeman,  the  American  only  is  bred  a 
freeman  ;  the  latter  has  this  blessing  in  pos- 
session, while  the  former  cherishes  a  vague 
tradition  of  its  achievement,  which  is  contra- 
dicted by  the  records  of  his  country,  and  the 
practice  of  his  rulers.  You  are  not  to  suppose, 
however,  that  this  is  a  land  of  radicals  and 
paupers.  Far  from  it  :  though  many  emigrate 
from  necessity,  a  larger  number  do  so  from  in- 
clination. Among  the  emigrants  are  gentle- 
men of  wealth  and  education,  whose  object  is 
to  build  up  estates  for  their  children,  in  a 
country  which  offers  such  facilities  for  the  ac- 
cumulation of  property,  and  presents  so  fair  a 
promise  to  posterity.  By  far  the  greatest  class 
are  neither  wealthy  nor  poor;  these  are  re- 
spectable farmers  and  mechanics,  who,  in  the 
present  unpropitious  times,  find  it  to  their 
interest  to  seek  out  a  residence,  where  their 
labours  will  yield  more  profit  than  at  home. 

There  are  also  a  variety  of  historical  and 
literary  facts,  connected  with  this  country, 
which  serve  to  give  it  interest  in  the  eyes  of 
an  American.  Braddock  was  defeated,  and 
Washington     immortalized,   on    the   romantic 


LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST.  11 

shores   of  Monongahela ;    and  the  vicinity  of 
Pittsburgh,  aheady  famous  for  the  loveliness  of 
its  mountain  scenery,  and  the  magnitude  of  its 
mineral  treasures,  has  been  the  scene  of  martial 
achievement,  which  may  one     day  wake   the 
lyre   of  the    Pennsylvania  bard  to  strains  as 
national  and  as  sweet  as  those   of  Scott.     In 
the  western  forests  did  Wayne  gather  a  wreath 
of  imperishable  laurel ;   and  St.  Clair — I  blush 
to  name  him,  injured  man  !—  a  crown  of  thorns. 
On  the  borders  of  the  Ohio,  Butler  fell,  in  the 
prime  of  his  life,  and  the  vigour  of  his  ambition, 
leaving  a  name  which   his    countrymen    have 
delighted    to  embalm.      Can     we   trace  with 
indifference  the  path  of  Burr,  the  smoothest  of 
seducers,  but  himself  seduced  by  the  wildest  of 
all  visionary  schemes  ?  or  pass,  without  a  tear  of 
sympathy,    the    spot,    where    the    philosophic 
Blannerhasset,  surrounded  in  his  loved  seclusion 
with  rural  and  literary  enjoyments,   tasted   of 
"  that  peace,  which  the  world  cannot  give" — 
tasted,   alas !  for  but  a   moment,    and  dashed 
away  ?     Will  it  not  be  delightful  to  stray  along 
those    shores   where   Wilson  strayed — to   view 
the  scenes  which  charmed  his  poetic  fancy — • 


IS!  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

to  mark  the  plumage,  and  listen  to  the  "  wood- 
notes  wild"  which  allured  him  through  many  a 
weary  mile  ?  Surely  this  ^'s  classic  ground, 
which  has  been  trodden  by  the  erudite  and  the 
brave,  whose  graves  have  been  battle  fields, 
and  in  whose  soil  the  patriot  soldier  reposes 
from  his  labours ! 

Who  has  not  heard  of  the  Antiquities  of  the 
West?  Who  that  has  heard,  has  not  listened 
with  admiration  or  incredulity?  Of  all  that 
has  been  written  on  this  most  interesting  sub- 
ject, how  little  has  appeared  to  satisfy  a  rea- 
sonable mind.  The  time  was,  when  the  tales 
of  western  travellers  were  received  as  fanciful 
productions,  written  to  amuse  the  idle,  or  to 
beguile  the  unwary  emigrant  into  the  fangs  of 
speculating  avarice.  When  we  were  told  of  the 
Great  Valley,  whose  noble  rivers,  stretching  in 
every  direction  from  the  distant  mountains, 
poured  their  waters  into  the  bosom  of  the 
Father  of  Streams;  and  of  the  rich  bottoms, 
extensive  prairies,  and  gigantic  forests  of  the 
AVest,  we  could  smile  at  what  we  believed  to 
be  simple  exaggeration.  But  when  we  heard 
of  caverns,  extending  horizontally  for  miles,  and 


LETTERS    FROM    TIIe'  WEST.  13 

exhibiting  traces  of  former  inhabitants,  of 
immense  mausoleums  filled  with  human  bones, 
some  of  them  of  a  dwarfish  size,  indicating  the 
former  existence  of  a  pigmy  race — of  the 
skeletons  of  gigantic  brutes — of  metallic  orna- 
ments, warlike  implements,  and  earthen  uten- 
sils found  buried  in  the  soil — of  the  vestiges 
of  temples  and  fortifications — in  short,  of  the 
many  remains  of  a  civilized  population,  we  were 
inclined  to  consider  them  as  gross  impostures. 
Yet  these  curiosities  actually  exist,  as  well  as 
others  of  equal  interest ;  and  while  we  can  no 
longer  withhold  our  credence,  we  cannot  help 
exclaiming, 

*' Can  such  things  be. 

And  overcome  us  like  a  summer  cloud, 
Without  our  special  wonder !" 

Are  you  answered  now?  Is  not  here  suf- 
ficient food  for  speculation?  Will  it  not  be 
gratifying  to  mingle  with  the  mighty  flood 
which  is  sweeping  onward  to  the  West — to  see 
it  prostrating  the  forest,  and  depositing  the 
seeds  of  art  and  refinement?  The  spots  which 
I  shall  visit  have  not  been  consecrated  by  the 


14  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

classic  pen  ;  a  Homer  has  not  sung  their 
heroes,  nor  an  Ovid  peopled  their  shades  with 
divinities.  But  shall  I  not  stroll  among  the 
ruins  of  ancient  cities,  and  recline  upon  the 
tombs  of  departed  heroes  ?  You  may  not  ad- 
mire my  taste ;  but,  believe  me,  I  should  tread 
with  as  much  reverence  over  the  mausoleum 
of  a  Shawanee  chief,  as  among  the  catacombs 
of  Egypt ;  and  would  speculate  with  as  much 
delight  on  the  site  of  an  Indian  village,  as  in 
the  gardens  of  Tivoli  or  the  ruins  of  Hercu- 
laneum. 

But,  to  add  another  and  a  last  inducement, 
there  has  been  a  material  variance  in  the  evi- 
dence given  of  this  country,  by  the  travellers 
and  writers  who  have  undertaken  to  describe 
it.  Some  laud  it  as  a  paradise,  others  denounce 
it  as  a  hell.  Some  have  given  it  health,  fer- 
tility, and  commercial  advantages  ;  others  have 
filled  it  with  swamps,  agues,  tomahawks,  and 
musquitoes.  One  writer  tells  us,  that  "a  dirk 
is  the  inseparable  companion  of  every  gentle- 
man in  Illinois  ;"  while  another  facetiously 
hints  that  the  ladies  of  Kentucky  conceal  the 
same  weapon  among  the  folds  of  their  graceful 


LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST.  15 

vestments.  This  latter  insinuation,  however, 
I  take  to  be  a  metaphorical  compliment  to  the 
lovely  daughters  of  Kentucky,  believing,  as  I 
do,  that  the  gentleman,  alluding  to  the  well- 
known  words  of  Romeo,  intended  to  say, 
"  There  is  more  peril  in  those  eyes,  than  twenty 
of  their  dirks."  I  could  refer  you  to  a  thou- 
sand other  vile  discrepancies,  but  I  have  not 
room. 

**  I  will  see  into  it,"  said  Mr.  Shandy,  when 
he  went  to  France,  to  learn  whether  they 
"  ordered  things  better"  there  than  at  home — 
*'  I  will  see  into  it,"  said  I,  when  I  found  how 
doctors  disagreed  about  a  section  of  my  native 
country  ;  and  it  is  in  conformance  with  this 
determination  that  I  am  now  fairly  embarked, 
and  gliding  merrily  down  the  Ohio. 


16  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 


LETTER  II. 

PITTSBURGH,    AND    ITS    VICINITY. 

As  I  commenced  my  tour  at  Pittsburgh,  it 
may  not  be  improper  to  begin  my  observations 
with  a  description  of  this  thriving  town.  To 
you,  to  whom  these  details  will  be  familiar,  this 
may  seem  a  superfluous  task  ;  but  as  it  is  not  a 
novel  thing  for  travellers  to  write  what  is 
already  known  to  their  readers,  I  shall,  at  least, 
be  able  to  plead  numerous  precedents  in  excuse 
for  troubling  you  with  a  twice-told  tale.  The 
vanity  of  every  writer — and  authors  are  not  apt 
to  be  deficient  in  this  quality — whispers  him 
that  he  can  detail  what  he  sees  more  agreeably 
than  his  predecessors  ;  while  indolence,  pointing 
out  the  intricate  mazes  that  lie  before  him, 
allures  the  tourist,  in  the  outset  of  his  journey, 
to  linger  in  beaten  paths.     You  are  welcome, 


PITTSBURGH,    AND    ITS    VICINITY.  17 

therefore,  to  attribute  my  plagiarisms  to  either 
of  these  causes,  remembering  always,  that  when 
I  promised,  like  Dogberry,  to  "  bestow  all  my 
tediousness  upon  you,"  I  reserved  to  myself 
the  privilege  of  choosing  the  subjects  of  dis- 
cussion. 

The  situation  of  Pittsburgh,  at  the  head  of 
the  Ohio,  and  at  the  confluence  of  the  Monon- 
gahela  and  Allegheny  rivers,  was  probably  first 
noticed  for  its  military,  rather  than  its  comm.er- 
cial  advantages.  The  early  French  and  Eng- 
lish settlers  of  this  hemisphere  of  ours,  were 
engaged  in  continual  wars  with  each  other,  and 
with  the  natives;  in  the  course  of  w^hich,  the 
former  determined  to  establish  a  chain  of  posts 
from  Canada  to  Louisiana.  One  of  the  most 
important  of  these  was  Fort  Du  Qiiesne,  situated 
at  this  point.  It  did  not  escape  the  military  eye  of 
Washington,  when  he  visited  this  country  seve- 
ral years  before  the  revolution,  on  a  mission 
from  the  government  of  Virginia ;  and,  in  his 
despatches,  he  spoke  of  its  importance  with  a 
prophetic  spirit.  During  the  struggle,  which 
is  commonlv  called  **  Braddock's  w^ar,"  Fort 
Du  Quesne  changed  masters,  and  the  English, 

c 


18  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

abandoning  the  original  work,  which  was  pro- 
bably a  mere  stockade,  built  a  more  regular 
fortification  on  a  site  immediately  adjoining, 
which  they  named  Fort  Pitt.  This  post,  erected 
on  a  low  point  of  land,  and  commanded  by  hills 
on  every  side,  would  appear  to  a  soldier  of  the 
present  day  to  have  been  untenable,  and  con- 
sequently useless ;  nor  can  the  reasons  of  its 
original  establishment,  and  subsequent  impor-.^ 
tance,  be  ascertained,  without  recurring  to  the 
history  of  those  times.  As  a  place  of  deposit 
for  military  stores  it  possessed  singular  advan- 
tages, in  the  facilities  which  it  afforded  for  their 
transportation,  as  there  is  no  other  spot  from 
which  they  could  have  been  distributed  with 
equal  celerity,  or  over  so  large  an  extent  of 
country.  Nor  was  its  situation  with  regard 
to  defence  so  desperate  as  we  might  at  first 
imagine.  It  is  to  be  recollected,  that  in  those 
days  there  was  little  or  no  artillery  west  of  the 
mountains  ;  and  that  it  was  considered  as  almost 
impossible  to  pass  the  Allegheny  ridge  with  a 
carriage  of  any  description.  There  was  little 
reason  to  apprehend  that  any  ordnance  would 
be  brought  to  assail  the  ramparts  of  that  insu- 


PTTTSBURGH,    AND    ITS    VICINITY.  19 

lated  fortress,  which  seemed  destined  to  assert 
the  sway  of  Britain  over  a  boundless  wilder- 
ness. But,  notwithstanding  this  imaginary  se- 
curity, the  works,  of  which  there  are  extensive 
ruins  still  visible,  seem  to  have  been  built  after 
the  usual  fashion  of  that  period,  and  to  have 
had  the  strength,  as  well  as  the  form,  of  a  regu- 
lar fortification.  A  bomb-proof  magazine  is 
still  extant,  in  good  preservation.  This  fort  is 
said  to  have  been  built  by  Lord  Stanwin,  and 
to  have  cost  the  British  government  sixty 
thousand  pounds  sterling.  As  it  would  seem,  by 
placing  it  at  this  exposed  spot,  that  an  attack 
by  artillery  was  not  apprehended,  and  as,  if  such 
an  attack  had  been  made,  resistance  would  have 
been  in  vain,  it  is  difficult  to  conceive  what 
could  have  been  the  motives  of  the  builders  in 
giving  it  such  strength  and  regularity.  We 
must  either  suppose  that  their  military  habits 
prevailed  over  the  better  dictates  of  prudence, 
or  that  they  intended  to  impress  their  Indian 
neighbours  with  an  exalted  opinion  of  their 
security  and  power.  It  is  said,  that  shortly 
after  the  English  took  possession,  the  Indian 
traders  built  a  row  of  fine  brick  houses,  on  the 

c  2 


20  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

margin  of  the  Allegheny,  but  that  their  founda- 
tions were  sapped  by  the  encroachments  of  the 
river  :  no  vestige  of  them  remains.  About  the 
year  I76O,  a  small  town  was  built  near  Fort 
Pitt,  which  contained  nearly  two  hundred 
souls  ;  but  on  the  breaking  out  of  the  Indian 
war  in  1763,  the  inhabitants  retired  into  the 
fort,  and  their  dwellings  were  suffered  to  fall 
into  decay.  The  British  officers  had  some  fine 
gardens  here,  called  the  "  King's,"  and  "  Artil- 
lery gardens,"  and  large  orchards  of  choice 
fruit :  the  old  inhabitants  of  the  present  town 
recollect  them  ;  but  there  are  now  no  remains 
of  these  early  attempts  at  luxury  and  comfort. 

After  Fort  Pitt  came  into  the  possession  of 
the  Americans,  it  was  occupied  but  for  a  short 
time,  when  the  garrison  was  removed  to  a  spot 
about  a  mile  further  up,  on  the  Allegheny  river, 
where  a  picket  work  and  block-houses  were 
erected,  and  called  Fort  Fayette.  This  post 
was  occupied  by  the  United  States'  troops  until 
the  erection,  within  a  few  years  past,  of  the 
arsenal,  two  miles  further  up.  The  location  of 
the  arsenal  as  a  military  post  is  injudicious  ;  and 
so  little  skill  was  exerted  in  its  erection,  as  to 


PITTSBURGH,    AND    ITS    VICINITY.  21 

render  it  not  susceptible  of  defence ;  but  in 
other  respects  it  is  a  convenient  and  valuable 
establishment,  well  calculated  for  the  manufac- 
ture and  deposit  of  ordnance,  small  arms,  and 
other  munitions  of  war. 

Pittsburgh  was  first  laid  out  in  the  year  I765  ; 
it  was  afterwards  laid  out,  surveyed,  and  com- 
pleted on  its  present  plan,  in  17S4,  by  Colonel 
George  Woods,  by  order  of  Tench  Francis, 
Esq.,  attorney  for  John  Penn,  and  John  Penn, 
junior.  The  increase  of  the  town  was  not  rapid 
until  the  year  1793,  in  consequence  of  the  in- 
roads of  the  savage  tribes,  which  impeded  the 
growth  of  the  neighbouring  settlements.  The 
western  insurrection,  more  generally  known  as 
the  **  Whisky  War,"  once  more  made  this  the 
scene  of  commotion,  and  is  said  to  have  given 
Pittsburgh  a  new  and  reviving  impulse,  by 
throwing  a  considerable  sum  of  money  into 
circulation.  Since  that  time  it  has  increased 
rapidly,  and  a  few  years  ago  was  erected  into  a 
city. 

Pittsburgh  and  its  vicinity  may  proudly 
challenge  comparison  in  beauty  of  scenery  and 
healthfulness  of  situation.     Surrounded  by  hills 


^2  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

and  vallies  which,  in  the  seasons  of  verdure,  are 
clothed  in  the  richest  vegetation,  commanding 
points  may  be  found  in  every  direction,  from 
which  the  eye  is  delighted  with  the  most 
romantic  scenes.  Three  noble  streams  contri- 
bute to  diversify  the  prospect,  embellishing  and 
enlivening  an  endless  variety  of  Nature's 
loveliest  pictures. 

Grant's-hill,  an  abrupt  eminence  which  pro- 
jects into  the  rear  of  the  city,  affords  one  of  the 
most  delightful  prospects  with  which  I  am  ac- 
quainted ;  presenting  a  singular  combination  of 
the  bustle  of  the  town,  with  the  solitude  and 
sweetness  of  the  country.  How  many  hours 
have  I  spent  here,  in  the  enjoyment  of  those 
exquisite  sensations  which  are  awakened  by 
pleasing  associations  and  picturesque  scenes! 
The  city  lay  beneath  me,  enveloped  in  smoke — 
the  clang  of  hammers  resounded  from  its  nume- 
rous manufactories — the  rattling  of  carriages 
and  the  hum  of  men  were  heard  from  its  streets 
— churches,  courts,  hotels,  and  markets,  and  all 
the  "  pomp  and  circumstance"  of  busy  life, 
were  presented  in  one  panoramic  view.  Behind 
me  were  all  the  silent  soft  attractions  of  rural 


PITTSBURGH,    AND    ITS    VICINITY. 


23 


sweetness— the  ground  rising  gradually  for  a 
considerable  distance,  and  exhibiting  country 
seats,   surrounded  with  cultivated  fields,  gar- 
dens, and  orchards.     On  either  hand  were  the 
rivers,  one  dashing  over  beds  of  rock,  the  other 
sluggishly  meandering  among  the  hills  ; — while 
the  lofty  eminences  beyond  them,  covered  with 
timber,  displayed  a  rich   foliage,   decked  and 
shadowed  with  every  tint  of  the  rainbow.     Be- 
low the  town,  the  Ohio  is  seen,  receiving  her 
tributary  streams,  and  bearing  off  to  the  west, 
burthened  with  rich   freights.      The  towns  of 
Allegheny  on  the  right  hand,  and  Birmingham 
on  the  left — the  noble  bridges  that  lead  to  the 
city  in  opposite    directions — the    arsenal,  and 
the  little  village  of  Laurenceville,  in   the  rear, 
added  variety  to  the  scene.     What  a  spot  for  a 
poet!    But  little  more  than  half  a  century  ago, 
how  lonely  and  insulated  were  these  solitudes  ! 
How  solitary  was  that  fortress,  whose  flag,  like 
an  exotic  flower,  displayed  its  gaudy  colours  in 
an  uncongenial  clime,  and  whose  morning  gun 
awakened  the  echoes  which  had  slept  for  un- 
numbered years  !  The  sentry  walked  '*  his  lonely 
round"  upon   those  battlements  which  are  now 


24  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

in  ruins — the  officer  strayed  pensively  along  the 
margin  of  the  river,  and  as  he  gazed  upon  the 
surrounding  beauties,  which  now  began  to  pall 
upon  the  senses,  he  thought,  as  the  poet  has 
since  sung  : 

'*  Society,  friendship,  and  love. 

Divinely  bestow'd  upon  man — 
Oh,  had  I  the  wings  of  a  dove. 

How  soon  would  I  taste  you  again  !" 

The  deer  then  tenanted  the  forest,  and  the 
Indian  with  his  light  canoe  sported  on  the 
wave.  Behold  now  the  contrast !  But  enough 
of  this.  This  eminence  received  its  name  from 
Colonel  Grant,  a  Scottish  officer,  who  fell  a 
sacrifice  here  to  his  imprudent  courage  in  the 
war  which  ended  in  1763.  He  had  been  de- 
tached with  a  body  of  eight  hundred  high- 
landers,  to  surprise  the  French  garrison  of  Fort 
Du  Quesne  ;  and  arriving  at  these  heights  in  the 
evening,  he  delayed  the  final  blow  until  the 
succeeding  morning.  The  morning  found  him 
ready  for  action  and  confident  of  success  ;  but, 
elated  by  the  impunity  which  had  so  far  at- 
tended his  enterprise,  or  despising  the  inactive 
foe,who  seemed  already  within  his  grasp, — in  a 


PITTSBURGH,    AND    ITS   VICINITY.  25 

fatal  moment  of  incaution,  he  ordered  his  musi- 
cians to  sound  the  reveille.  As  the  martial 
sounds  stole  along  the  hills,  calling  forth  the 
echoes  from  an  hundred  caverns,  the  gallant 
Scots  might  have  fancied  themselves  in  that/ar 
awa  land  which  a  Scotsman  never  forgets  ;  but 
alas !  those  bugle  blasts  which  aroused  their 
hearts  to  enthusiasm,  were  the  last  they  were 
destined  to  hear!  The  French  and  Indians, 
thus  apprised  by  their  enemy  of  his  approach, 
sallied  privately  from  the  fort,  possessed  them- 
selves of  the  hills  in  the  rear  of  Grant,  and  of 
the  surrounding  coverts,  and,  rushing  in  upon 
the  devoted  party,  hewed  them  in  pieces ! 

Castlemaiirs-hill,  one  of  the  highest  points 
in  this  vicinity,  affords  a  rich  and  extensive 
prospect,  embracing  a  view  of  this  lovely  coun- 
try for  many  miles  round.  The  Monongahela 
is  seen  winding  its  serpentine  course  far  beneath 
the  spectator's  feet,  and  the  city,  dwindled  tc 
an  atom,  appears  in  distant  perspective.  Per- 
sons of  taste  resort  to  this  spot,  and  a  stranger 
would  hardly  be  pardonable  who  should  omit 
to  pay  it  a  visit. 

Twelve  miles  from  Pittsburgh,  on  the  banks 


26  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

of  the  Monongahela,  is  **  Braddock's  Field,"  a 
scene  of  signal  disaster  to  the  British  arms. 
The  name  of  Braddock  has  not  been  cherished 
by  his  countrymen,  and  no  attempt  has  been 
made  to  rescue  his  fame  from  obloquy  ;  per- 
haps, because  no  plausible  ground  of  vindica- 
tion exists  ;  but  every  feeling  mind  must  deplore 
the  premature  fall  of  a  brave,  though  obstinate 
leader,  and  the  sacrifice  of  a  gallant  army. 
There  is  nothing  more  arbitrary  than  the  meed 
of  applause  or  opprobrium,  bestowed  upon  the 
soldier's  toils  ;  success  being,  too  generally,  the 
test  of  merit.  I  am  therefore  disposed  to  judge 
charitably  of  military  miscarriages,  and  to  vene- 
rate the  fallen  brave,  although  they  may  have 
fallen  unwisely.  He  who  gives  his  life  to  his 
country,  gives  his  all,  and  having  thus  proved 
the  sincerity  of  his  patriotism,  leaves  his  name 
to  posterity,  with  a  sacred  and  imposing  claim 
upon  their  candour.  In  the  tempest  of  that 
day,  which  consigned  Braddock  to  an  un- 
honoured  grave,  the  genius  of  Washington 
dawned,  with  a  lustre  which  gave  promise  of  its 
future  greatness  ;  and  the  American  reveres 
the  spot  which  has  been  hallowed  by  the  illus- 


PITTSBURGH,    AND    ITS    VICINITY.  Tj 

trious  presence  and  gallant  deeds  of  the  father 
of  his  country.  Here  too,  a  small  band  of  un- 
dismayed Virginians  signalised  their  valour, 
checked  the  triumphant  savage,  and  rescued 
from  total  annihilation  the  dispersed  and  crest- 
fallen remnants  of  those  proud  battalions,  who 
affected  to  look  down  upon  them,  a  few  hours 
before,  with  all  the  vaunting  arrogance  of  mili- 
tary pride.  "  Braddock's  Field,"  for  so  the 
battle  ground  is  called,  is  now  a  large  farm, 
owned  and  cultivated  by  an  individual.  The 
scene  of  action  was  on  the  banks  of  the  river, 
on  an  undulating  surface,  covered  at  that  time 
with  thick  woods,  but  now  occupied  by  enclosed 
fields.  The  husbandman  now  whistles  over  the 
consecrated  ground,  as  he  toils  among  the 
ashes  of  the  brave.  Vast  quantities  of  bones 
have  been  thrown  up  by  the  plough,  and  at 
times  gathered  into  heaps  and  burned ;  but  a 
great  number  still  remain,  scattered  around  for 
the  distance  of  about  a  mile.  These  fragments 
were  sufficiently  numerous  when  I  last  visited 
this  spot,  to  have  designated  it  as  a  battle- 
ground, even  to  a  casual  observer  who  had  not 
been  previously  aware  of  the  fact. 


28  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

But  the  prospect  which  the  good  people  of 
Pittsburgh  consider  as  most  lovely,  "to  soul 
and  to  eye,"  is  to  be  found  on  the  northern 
face  of  Coal-hill.  The  yawning  caverns  which 
here  display  their  hideous  mouths,  would  have 
been  celebrated  among  the  ancients  as  the 
abodes  of  unpropitious  deities  j  the  less  clas- 
sical citizens  have  peopled  them  with  spirits 
of  sterner  stuff — have  made  them  mines  of  inex- 
haustible wealth,  and  drawn  from  them  the 
materials  of  substantial  comfort.  Not  only  this 
hill,  but  the  whole  of  the  surrounding  country, 
is  full  of  coal  of  excellent  quality,  which  is 
found  in  immense  strata^  lyii^g  almost  invaria- 
bly upon  one  and  the  same  level.  It  contains 
a  large  proportion  of  sulphur,  and  is  hard,  heavy, 
and  of  a  deep  shining  black  colour  ;  it  is  easily 
ignited,  and  produces  an  intense  heat ;  but  is 
very  dirty,  emits  immense  volumes  of  smoke, 
and  throws  up  an  unusual  quantity  of  cinders 
and  dust.  These  latter  fill  the  atmosphere,  and 
are  continually  falling  in  showers,  to  the  great 
terror  of  strangers  and  sojourners,  and  with 
manifest  injury  to  the  dresses  of  the  ladies,  and 
the  white  hands  of  eastern  gentlemen.     From 


PITTSBURGH,    AND    ITS   VICINITY.  29 

this  cause,  every  thing  in  Pittsburgh  wears  a 
sombre  hue ;  even  the  snow  as  it  falls  brings 
with  it  particles  of  cinder,  and  loses  its  purity 
by  the  connexion.  But  the  people  are  now  so 
used  to  the  black  and  midnight  appearance  of 
objects  in  their  city,  as  scarcely  to  be  aware 
of  its  inconvenience ;  so  that  I  once  heard  a 
lady  exclaim,  on  witnessing  a  snow  storm  out 
of  town,  "  La  !  what  white  snow  /" 

A  disease  was  formerly  prevalent  here,  which 
was  attributed  to  the  influence  of  the  coal 
smoke.  This  was  a  sweUing  of  the  glands  of 
the  neck,  which  produced  no  pain,  nor  ultimate 
injury,  but  was  an  unsightly  and  incurable 
deformity.  It  was  thought  to  resemble  the 
goitre,  to  which  the  inhabitants  of  some  of  the 
mountainous  parts  of  Europe  are  subject.  No 
case  of  it  has  originated  for  several  years  ;  it 
is  now  scarcely  to  be  met  with,  and  is  only 
found  in  persons  over  the  middle  age,  who 
contracted  it  long  since.  It  vvas  therefore 
probably  owing  to  some  pecuharity  in  the  cli- 
mate, which  has  been  long  since  removed^ 
But  I  am  keeping  you  too  long  on  Coal-hill, 
which   I  will  despatch  with  the  remark,  that 


30  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

its  summit  commands  a  remarkably  fine  view 
of  the  city,  which  is  seen  from  a  dizzy  height, 
lying  beneath  the  spectators'  feet,  enveloped  in 
its  eternal  veil  of  smoke,  which,  by  rendering 
the  objects  less  distinct,  seems  to  throw  them 
to  a  greater  distance. 

It  would  be  an  endless  task  to  point  out  all 
the  fairy  spots  with  which  nature  has  embel- 
lished this  romantic  country.  They  who  would 
court  inspiration  from  the  valley  or  the  grove, 
or  who  would  prove 

*'  The  soft  magic  of  streamlet  and  hill," 

could  scarcely  go  amiss  in  the  environs  of 
Pittsburgh.  Those  hills,  those  vallies,  and 
those  streams,  delight  not  merely  by  their  in- 
trinsic beauty  ;  they  are  endeared  to  the  Penn- 
sylvanian  by  many  fond  recollections.  The 
events  which  have  rendered  Fort  Pitt  and 
Braddock's  Field  conspicuous  in  history,  are 
already  imprinted  upon  the  mind  of  every 
American ;  but  every  neighbouring  eminence 
and  winding  glade  has  also  been  the  scene  of 
hardy  achievement.     This  was  one  of  the  first 


w 


PITTSBURGH,    AND    ITS    VICINITY.  31 

points  selected  by  those  who  commenced  the 
work  of  civilization  in  the  western  country. 
Here  all  the  difficulties  of  a  new  settlement — the 
horrors  of  Indian  warfare,  and  the  bereavements 
of  an  isolated  society,  cut  off  from  assistance 
and  almost  from  intercourse — were  encountered 
to  the  fullest  extent.  The  Allegheny  ridge 
then  presented  a  formidable  barrier,  and  they 
who  passed  it  found  themselves  in  a  new 
world,  where  they  must  defend  themselves  or 
perish ;  it  was  the  Rubicon  of  the  adventurous 
pioneer.  The  first  settlers,  therefore,  waged 
continual  war  ;  they  fought — pro  aris  etfocis — 
for  life  and  all  that  makes  life  dear.  But  these 
wars  were  distinguished  only  by  acts  of  indi- 
vidual prowess ;  and  produced  none  of  those 
great  events  which  affect  national  fame  or 
greatness,  and  which  it  is  the  province  of  the 
historian  to  record.  They  will  therefore  find 
no  place  in  the  annals  of  our  country.  Yet 
the  day  will  surely  arrive,  when  the  poet  and 
the  novelist  will  traverse  these  regions  in  quest 
of  legendary  lore,  will  listen  with  eagerness  to 
the  tales  of  hoary-headed  sires,  and  laboriously 
glean  the  frail  and  mutilated  memorial  of  the 


32  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

daring  of  other  days.  Then  will  the  gallant 
men  who  smoothed  our  path,  and  conquered 
for  us  the  country  of  which  we  are  so  proud, 
find  a  place,  if  not  with  betto^men,  at  least 
with  the  Rodericks  and  Rob  l^^s  of  fiction. 

It  would  require  more  room  than  I  can 
afford,  and  more  patience  than  I  possess,  to 
give  you  a  detailed  account  of  all  the  branches  of 
commerce  and  manufactures  which  contribute 
to  the  prosperity  of  Pittsburgh.  The  latter 
have  flourished  here  extensively,  in  consequence 
of  the  variety  of  raw  materials  indigenous  to 
the  country,  the  abundance  of  fuel,  the  salu- 
brity of  the  cUmate,  the  cheapness  of  provisions, 
the  convenience  of  the  markets,  and  the  enter- 
prising spirit  of  the  people.  The  most  import- 
ant branch  includes  articles  manufactured  of 
iron,  a  metal  which  is  found  in  great  abundance 
in  the  neighbouring  mountains,  whence  it  is 
brought  in  pigs  and  bars  to  this  place,  at  a 
small  expense,  and  here  wrought  for  exporta- 
tion. Most  of  the  machinery  for  this  and 
other  purposes  is  propelled  by  steam,  the 
management  of  which  has  been  brought  to 
great  perfection ;  but  the  neighbourhood  also 


PITTSBURGH  AND  ITS  VICINITY.  33 

affords  many  fine  water -courses,  some  of  which 
are  occupied  ;  cannon,  of  a  very  superior  qua- 
lity, have  been  cast  Ifere  for  the  United  States' 
Service.  Thd^anufacture  of  glass,  which  was 
introduced  by  tW  kite  General  O'Hara,  about 
the  year  1798,  has  been  carried  on  with  great  such 
cess  ;  there  are  now  a  number  of  establishments 
in  operation,  which  produce  large  quantities  of 
window-glass,  and  other  ware  of  the  coarser 
sort,  and  one,  at  which  flint  glass  is  made  and 
ornamented  with  great  elegance.  Messrs. 
Bakewell,  Page,  and  Bakewell,  have  the  credit 
of  having  introduced  the  latter  branch  of  this 
manufacture  ;  and  their  warehouse  presents  an 
endless  variety  of  beautiful  ware,  designed  and 
executed  in  a  style  which  is  highly  creditable 
to  their  taste  and  perseverance.  Manufactories 
of  wool  and  cotton  have  been  supported  with 
some  spirit,  but,  as  yet,  with  little  success. 
We  have  a  foolish  pride  about  us,  which  makes 
our  gentlemen  ashamed  of  wearing  a  coat  which 
has  not  crossed  the  Atlantic  ;  I  hope  we  shall 
grow  wiser  as  we  grow  older.  Articles  of  tin 
and  leather  are  fabricated  at  Pittsburgh  to  an 
astonishing    amount.      So    long  ago   as    1809, 

D 


34  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

boots   and   shoes    were    manufactured   to   the 
amount  of  seventy  thousand  dollars  ;  saddlery  to 
the  amount  of  forty  thousand,  and  tin  ware  to 
the  amount  of  twenty-five  thousand  dollars,  in 
one  year.     In  the  same  year,  hats  were  made 
to  the  amount  of  twenty-five  thousand  dollars, 
and  cabinet  ware  to  the  amount  of  seventeen 
thousand.  In  addition  to  these,  there  have  been 
tan-yards,   rope-walks,  manufactories  of  white 
lead  and  paper,  and  extensive  ship-yards.*  You 
will  perceive  that  I  have  made  this  enumeration 
from   data   collected   several   years   ago  ;    the 
increase  of  population  and  business  has  been 
great,  since  that  time  ;  and  when  I  add,  that  in 
addition  to  the  branches  already  mentioned,  all 
the  other  mechanic  arts  receive  a  proportion- 
able share  of  attention  ;  it  will  be  seen,  that  as 
a  manufacturing  town,  Pittsburgh  stands  in  the 
first  rank,  and  her  rapid  rise  and  progress  may 
be  adduced  as  a  proud  testimony  of  American 
enterprise. 

The  commerce  and  trade  of  Pittsburgh  arise 

*  Nor  should  I  forget  some  half  dozen  printing  offices  and 
several  hook-stores,  which  have  been  instrumental  in  con- 
suming a  vast  deal  of  ink  and  paper. 


PITTSBURGH  AND  ITS  VICINITY.  35 

partly  from  her  manufactories,  and  partly  from 
hav^ing  long  been  the  place  of  deposit  for  goods 
destined  for  the  western  country  ;  all  of  which, 
until  very  recently,  passed  from  the  Atlantic 
cities,  through  this  place,  to  their  respective 
points  of  destination.  They  are  brought  in 
waggons,  carrying  from  thirty-five  to  fifty  hun- 
dred pounds  each,  and  embarked  at  this  place 
in  boats.  Upwards  of  four  thousand  waggon 
loads  of  merchandize  have  been  known  to  enter 
Pittsburgh  in  the  course  of  one  year,  by  the 
main  road  from  Philadelphia  alone,  in  which  is 
not  included  the  baggage  and  furniture  of  tra- 
vellers and  emigrants,  nor  is  notice  taken  of 
arrivals  by  other  routes.  This  business  has 
brought  an  immense  quantity  of  money  into  cir- 
culation at  Pittsburgh  ;  but  it  has  lately  been 
much  injured  by  the  competition  of  Wheeling, 
and  the  introduction  of  steam-boats  upon  the 
Ohio.  The  wealth  of  this  place,  however,  and 
its  local  advantages,  must  long  sustain  it  against 
all  opposition  ;  and  if  the  capital  of  her  citizens 
should  eventually  be  drawn  from  any  branch 
of  commerce,  it  will  probably  be  thrown  into 
the  manufactories,  where  the  profits  will  be  as 

D   2 


36  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

great,  and  much  more  permanent.  Some  of 
the  finest  steam-boats  which  navigate  the  Ohio, 
the  James  Ross,  the  General  Neville,  and  many 
others,  were  built  here. 

This  is  also  a  port  of  entry ^  and  here — even 
here,  at  the  source  of  the  Ohio — have  ships  been 
built,  laden,  and  cleared  out,  for  the  distant 
ports  of  Europe.     A  curious  incident  connected 
with  this  subject  was  mentioned  by  Mr.  Clay 
on  the  floor  of  Congress.     *'  To  illustrate  the 
commercial  habits  and  enterprise  of  the  Ame- 
rican people,    (he    said)    he   would   relate  an 
anecdote  of  a  vessel,  built,  and  cleared  out  at 
Pittsburgh  for  Leghorn.     When  she  arrived  at 
her  place  of  destination,  the  master  presented 
his   papers   to  the   custom-house   officer,   who 
would  not  credit  them,  and  said  to  him,  *  Sir, 
your  papers  are  forged ;  there  is  no  such  port 
as  Pittsburgh  in  the  world ;  your  vessel  must 
be   confiscated.'     The   trembhng   captain   laid 
before  the  officer  the  map  of  the  United  States — 
directed  him  to  the  gulf  of  Mexico— pointed 
out  the  mouth  of  the  Mississippi — led  him  a 
thousand  miles  up  it  to  the  mouth  of  the  Ohio, 
and  thence  another  thousand  up  to  Pittsburgh. 


PITTSBURGH  AND  ITS  VICINITY.  vi7 

*  There,  Sir,  is  the  port  whence  my  vessel  cleared 
out.'  The  astonished  officer,  before  he  had 
seen  the  map,  would  as  readily  have  believed 
that  this  vessel  had  been  navigated  from  the 
moon." 

Of  the  society  I  have  but  little  to  say,  for 
that  is  entirely  a  matter  of  taste.  Strangers 
are  generally  pleased  with  it,  for  if  they  do  not 
find,  among  the  male  inhabitants,  that  polished 
urbanity  which  distinguishes  many  of  the  small 
towns  of  the  south  and  west,  they  are  amply 
repaid  for  the  absence  of  it  by  the  sweetness 
and  affability  of  its  female  denizens,  among 
whom  there  is  a  sufficiency  of  beauty  and  grace 
to  decorate  a  ball-room  to  great  advantage. 
Indeed,  I  have  seldom  beheld  finer  displays  of 
female  loveliness  than  I  have  witnessed  here. 
*  There  is  a  small  theatre,  occasionally  occupied 
by  strollers,  but  often  destined  to  exhibit  the 
histrionic  genius  of  the  young  gentlemen  of  the 
place,  among  whom  the  enacting  of  plays  was 
formerly  a  fashionable  amusement.  On  such 
occasions  the  dramatis  perso?i(^  were  represented 
by  a  select  company,  regularly  organized,  among 
whom   were  some  beardless  youths   who  per- 


38  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

sonated  the  females.  In  this  manner  some 
fine  displays  of  genius  have  been  elicited  ;  the 
ladies  smiled  graciously  on  the  enterprise,  and 
the  whole  was  conducted  with  great  decorum. 

A  seminary  of  learning  has  been  founded 
at  the  town  of  Allegheny,  called  the  "Western 
University,"  and  liberally  endowed  with  land 
by  the  State  Legislature  j  but  it  is  not  yet 
organized.  An  academy  in  Pittsburgh  has 
heretofore  presented  the  means  of  classical 
education,  and  a  number  of  minor  schools  have 
been  supported,  among  which  may  be  men- 
tioned the  Sabbath  schools,  conducted  with 
great  spirit  and  benevolence,  by  a  society  com- 
posed of  the  religious  of  different  denomina- 
tions. There  has  been  also  an  admirable  school 
for  young  ladies,  and  a  library  company  has 
been  established  here. 

To  discipline  the  body  as  well  as  the  mind, 
another  institution  has  been  established  under 
the  name  of  the  "Western  Penitentiary.''  The 
stupendous  building  intended  for  this  purpose 
is  nearly  completed,  and  will  form  a  splendid 
and  commodious  edifice.  It  is  situated  on  an 
extensive    plain,   in   the   town   of  Allegheny, 


PITTSBURGH  AND  ITS  VICINITY.  39 

where  this  noble  pile,  with  its  massy  walls  and 
gothic  towers,  will  shew  to  great  advantage. 

Twenty  years  ago,  when  this  settlement  was 
young  and  insulated,  and  the  savage  yet  prowled 
in  its  vicinity,  legal  science  flourished  with  a 
vigour  unusual  in  rude  societies.  The  bench 
and  bar  exhibited  a  galaxy  of  eloquence  and 
learning. 

Judge  Addison,  who  first   presided  in   this 
circuit,  under  the  present  system,  possessed  a 
fine  mind  and  great  attainments.     He  was  an 
accomplished  scholar,  deeply  versed  in  every 
branch  of  classical  learning.     In  law  and  theo- 
logy he  was  great  ;  but  although  he  explored 
the  depths  of  science  with  unwearied  assiduity, 
he  could  sport  in  the  sun-beams  of  literature, 
and  cull  with  nice  discrimination  the  flowers  of 
poesy.      He    assumed    his    judicial    authority 
under  many  perplexing   circumstances.     The 
country  was  new,  and  the  people  factious  ;  the 
bar  was  undisciplined,  and  the  rules  of  practice 
vague  J  the   judicial   system    had   been   newly 
modelled,  and  was   now  to   be  tested,  its  ex- 
cellencies proved,  and  its  defects  discovered — 
and  while  an  unusual  weight  of  responsibility 


40  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

thus  devolved  upon  the  judge,  the  novelty  of 
his  situation  must  often  have  left  him  without 
precedents  to  govern  his  decisions.     These  ap- 
palling   circumstances  would   have  daunted   a 
man  of  less  firmness  than  Judge  Addison  ;  but 
his  mind  possessed  an  energetic  vigour,  which 
opposition  could  not  subdue,  nor  difficulty  em- 
barrass.    He  pursued  a  dignified  course,  which 
was   equally  serviceable   to    the   country   and 
honourable  to  himself;  his  decisions  were  so 
uniformly  correct,  that  few  of  them  have  been 
reversed  ;  they  have  been  pubUshed,  together 
with  a  number  of  charges  delivered  to  grand 
juries,  and  the  volume  is  in  high  repute  among 
the  lawyers  of  Pennsylvania.  I  should  be  happy 
to  be  able  to  add  that  this  distinguished  man 
was  rewarded  for  his  services,   and  permitted 
to  be   useful  as  long  as  he  continued   to  be 
honoured.     But  it  was  not  so  ;  he  became  ob- 
noxious to  a  dominant  faction  ;  was  impeached, 
condemned,  and  hurled  from  a  seat  to  which 
he  had  given    dignity,   for  an   act  which  was 
probably  right,  but  which,  if  wrong,  was  not 
dishonourable  nor  corrupt.  Such  are  the  effects 
of  party    spirit;  its   venom,  like   a   poisonous 


PITTSBURGH  AND  ITS  VICINITY.  41 

miasm,  pervades  the  whole  atmosphere  in  which 
it  is  generated,  and  creates  a  pestilence,  which 
sweeps  worth  and  worthlessness  to  a  common 
grave. 

This  gentleman  was  succeeded  by  Judge 
Roberts,  an  excellent  lawyer,  and  a  man  of 
great  integrity  and  benevolence,  who  wanted 
only  the  energy  of  his  predecessor.  He  had 
firmness  enough  to  be  ahvays  upright  j  nor 
could  he  be  swayed  from  an  honest  conviction, 
or  intimidated  in  the  discharge  of  the  duties  of 
his  oflSce  j  but  he  was  too  mild  to  enforce  a 
rigid  discipHne  in  his  court,  and  too  passive  for 
the  dispatch  of  business.  He  could  neither  be 
biassed  nor  alarmed ;  but  he  had  too  much  of 
the  "  milk  of  human  kindness'^  in  his  nature, 
and  loved  mankind  too  well,  to  be  a  judge  of 
men.  The  hall  of  justice  brings  together  all 
the  elements  of  discord  ;  the  angry  passions  are 
roused  ;  turbulent  spirits  are  brought  into  con- 
tact— life,  fortune,  and  character  are  at  stake — 
ambition  and  avarice  are  busy — hopes  and  fears 
are  awakened — crime,  folly,  and  misfortune  are 
disclosed — the  veil  of  secrecy  is  torn  from  the 
sorrows  of  the  heart  and  the  scenes  of  the  fire- 


4^  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

side ;  and  the  man  who  can  gaze  on  such  a 
scene  with  a  steady  eye,  controul  its  every 
motion  with  a  firm  liand,  and  decide  with 
collected  promptness,  must  have  a  very  firm  or  a 
very  cold  heart.  The  gentleman  of  whom  I  am 
speaking  had  no  cold-heartedness  in  his  com- 
position j  his  sympathies  were  easily  awakened, 
and  his  was  a  breast  of  too  much  candour  and 
generosity,  to  conceal,  or  be  ashamed  of,  an 
honourable  impulse.  Yet  his  mind  possessed 
great  vigour  and  clearness,  and  he  was  uni- 
versally esteemed,  as  well  for  his  good  sense 
and  attainments,  as  for  his  uprightness  and 
amiability.  They  who  knew  him  best,  will 
always  remember  him  with  kindness,  and  his 
decisions  will  be  respected  when  none  of  us 
shall  remain  who  knew  his  virtues.  He  died  a 
few  years  ago. 

Judge  Wilkins,  who  succeeded  to  this  district, 
has  long  been  a  prominent  man.  As  an  advo- 
cate, he  was  among  the  foremost — distinguished 
for  his  graceful  and  easy  style  of  speaking,  and 
his  acuteness  in  the  development  of  testimony  ; 
and  as  a  citizen  he  has  always  been  conspi- 
cuous.     His   public  spirit,    and    capacity  for 


PITTSBURGH  AND  ITS  VICINITY.  43 

business,  have  thrown  him   into  a  multitude  of 
offices.      He  presided  for  many  years  over  one 
of  the  branches  of  the  corporation  :  has  repre- 
sented   his    country    in    the  Legislature,  was 
President  of  the  Pittsburgh  Bank,  and  of  several 
companies  instituted  for  the  purpose  of  internal 
improvement.     Judge  Wilkins  brought  to  the 
bench  an  active  mind,  much  legal  experience* 
and  an  intimate  knowledge  of  the  practice  of 
the  court  over  which  he  presides  ;  but  as  he  is 
still  on  the  stage,  I  must  not  be  his  biographer* 
There  were  at  the  bar  in  the  olden  time  many 
illustrious  pillars  of  the  law — Steele   Semple, 
long    since    deceased,   a    man    of  stupendous 
genius,  spoken  of  by   his  contemporaries  as   a 
prodigy  of  eloquence  and  legal   attainment — 
James  Ross,  who  is  still  on  the  stage,  and  very 
generally  known  as  a  great  statesman  and  an 
eminent  advocate,  who,  for  depth  of  thought, 
beauty   of  language,    melody    of   voice,    and 
dignity  of  manners  has  few  equals — Brecken- 
ridge,  the  eccentric,  highly  gifted  Breckenridge, 
the   author  of  "  Modern  Chivalry,"  celebrated 
for  his  wit,  his  singular  habits,  his  frolicksome 
propensities,  and  strange  adventures,  and  who 


44<  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

though  a  successful  advocate,  and  an  able 
judge,  cracked  his  jokes  at  the  bar,  and  on  the 
bench  of  the  supreme  court,  as  freely  as  at  his 
own  fireside — Woods,  Collins,  Campbell,  and 
Mountain,  who  would  have  shone  at  any  bar — 
Henry  Baldwin,  an  eminent  lawyer,  a  rough, 
but  powerful  and  acute  speaker,  who  has  lately 
been  conspicuous  in  Congress,  as  chairman  of 
the  committee  on  domestic  manufactures,  and 
as  the  author  and  able  advocate  of  the  celebrated 
Tariff  Bill,  with  others,  whose  history  has 
not  reached  me.  This  constellation  of  wit 
and  learning,  illumining  a  dusky  hemisphere, 
presented  a  singular  contrast  to  the  wild  and 
untutored  spirits  around  them,  and  the  collision 
of  such  opposite  characters,  together  with  the 
unsettled  state  of  the  country,  produced  a  mass 
of  curious  incidents,  many  of  which  are  still 
preserved,  and  circulate  at  the  bar  in  the  hours 
of  forensic  leisure. 

Thus  you  may  perceive  that  Pittsburgh, 
with  her  dingy  aspect,  has  some  strong  and 
many  enticing  traits  in  her  character  and 
history.  Her  fate  is  now  in  her  own  hands ; 
she  is  young,   and   there    is    great    room    for 


PITTSBURGH  AND  ITS  VICINITY.  45 


1 


improvement.  By  husbanding  her  resources, 
opening  and  extending  her  channels  of  com- 
merce, and  fostering  the  native  genius  of  her 
sons,  she  may  attain  a  rank  which  will  leave 
her  but  few  rivals. 

Yours,  truly. 


46         LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 


LETTER  III. 

wheeling,  and  the  cumberland  road. 

Dear  N. 
The  promises  of  friendship,  like  those  of 
love,  are  often  carelessly  made,  and  lightly 
broken.  We  are  ready  to  concede  any  thing 
to  the  entreaty  of  one  we  love,  without  re- 
flecting how  many  little  contingencies  may  in- 
terfere with  the  engagement.  Our  hearts  are 
indeed  but  bad  economists,  and  are  apt  to  make 
liberal  promises,  which  we  have  neither  the 
ability  nor  the  inclination  to  fulfil.  Thus  it  is 
that  the  last  request  of  a  friend,  which  at 
parting  vibrates  feehngly  on  the  ear,  and  en- 
twines itself  among  our  warmest  sympathies, 
is  often  obliterated  by  the  pains  or  pleasures 
of  new  scenes  and  novel  avocations.  My  pledge 
to  you,  however,  was  of  such  a  nature  as  not  to 


WHEELING,  AND  THE  CUMBERLAND  ROAD.      47 

be  SO  easily  forgotten.  Dearly  as  I  love  to 
lounge  away  the  passing  hours,  I  should  feel 
highly  culpable  could  I  forget  for  a  moment 
that  you  have  a  claim  to  part  of  them ;  and 
independently  of  this  incentive,  I  assure  you 
that  the  pleasure  I  shall  experience  in  parti- 
cipating my  sentiments  with  one  so  able  to 
appreciate  them,  will  more  than  compensate 
me  for  the  labour  of  making  up  the  record. 
But  for  these  reflections,  believe  me,  my  last 
long  epistle  would  have  exhausted  my  patience, 
as  I  dare  say  it  has  yours,  and  I  should  never 
have  had  the  temerity  to  attempt  another. 
But  I  have  promised  to  write  my  travels,  and 
you  are  doomed  to  read  them. 

I  left  Pittsburgh  in  a  keel  boat  of  about 
forty-five  tons  burthen,  laden  with  merchandise, 
and  navigated  by  eight  or  ten  of  those  **  half- 
horse  and  half-alligator  "  gentry,  commonly 
called  Ohio  boatmen,  whose  coarse  drollery,  I 
foresee  already,  will  afford  us  some  amusement. 
There  is  a  small  cabin  in  the  stern  of  the  boat, 
which  is  occupied  by  two  females — not  high 
born  damsels,  nor  yet  young  nor  lovely  ;  one  is 
the  wife  of  a  decent  shoemaker,  the  other   is 


48  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

Crispin's  maiden  sister,  and  both  are  verging 
into  the  "  sear  and  yellow  leaf."  I  could  wish 
them  more  attractive,  for  I  already  begin  to  feel 
romantic,  and  could  find  it  in  my  heart  to  be 
very  gallant ;  but  I  fear  that  after  descanting 
on  the  silent  beauties  of  nature,  or  the  noisy 
revels  of  my  male  companions,  I  shall  have  to 
confess,  that  "  all  the  rest  is  leather.''*  My  state 
room  is  in  the  bow  of  the  boat,  and  is  formed 
by  leaving  a  vacancy,  large  enough  for  a  bed 
and  chair,  among  the  boxes  and  barrels  which 
encompass  me.  I  have  an  excellent  bedstead, 
composed  of  packages  and  parcels,  so  disposed 
as  to  receive  a  comfortable  mattrass,  and  here  I 
snore  among  British  goods  and  domestic  manu- 
factures, as  composedly  as  if  neither  of  those 
articles  had  ever  caused  us  one  moment's  angry 
discussion.  The  ample  surface  of  a  huge  box 
is  devoted  to  the  functions  of  a  table,  and  my 
fare  is  drawn  from  a  small  store  provided  by 
myself,  and  consisting  of  such  articles  as  are 
easy  of  preparation.  Of  the  cuUnary  depart- 
ment, I  cannot  speak  in  high  praise.  The  cook 
is  an  Irish  lad,  who  says  he  is  "  a  cobbler  by 
trade,     and   a    republican   by   profession,''    as 


WHEELING,  AND  THE  CUMBERLAND  ROAD.      49 

careless  and  as  frisky  as  any  of  his  countrymen, 
and  withal  as  dirty  a  wight  as  you  shall  meet 
witli  in  a  summer  day.  But  the  captain  declares 
that  *•  Richards  is  as  wiUing  a  soul  as  ever  lived," 
which  I  suppose  must  make  amends  for  all 
deficiencies.  The  deck  or  roof  of  the  boat 
affords  ample  room  for  a  promenade  ;  and  there 
I  saunter  or  recline,  to  enjoy  the  varied  hues  of 
the  forest,  now  just  budding  into  luxuriance. 
When  tired  of  this  amusement,  or  when  the  sun 
is  too  high  to  allow  me  to  continue  it,  I  retire 
to  my  satictiwi  sanctorum  below,  and  read  a  little, 
sing  a  little,  whistle  a  little  ;  and  if  all  that  will 
not  fill  up  the  time,  I  turti  in  and  sleep  a  little. 
Thus  I  manage  to  pass  away  the  hours  in  the 
most  tedious  of  all  tiresome  situations,  that  of 
being  imprisoned  in  a  boat. 

The  view  of  Pittsburgh  from  the  Ohio  is 
exceedingly  beautiful.  The  rivers  Allegheny 
and  Monongahela,  with  their  fine  bridges,  the 
surroimding  hills,  the  improvements  in  the  rear 
of  the  town,  and  the  villages  on  each  side  of  it, 
all  shew  to  great  advantage. 

The  river  pursues  a  winding  course  to  Steu- 
benville,  presenting  nothing  worthy  of  remark, 

E 


50  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

but  its  beautiful  scenery,  which  is  in  the  highest 
degree  romantic.  From  Steubenville,  which  is 
a  pretty  village  in  Ohio,  we  pass  on,  by  Charles- 
ton in  Virginia,  to  Wheeling  in  the  same  state. 

This  latter  place,  which  the  Editor  of  the 
Pittsburgh  Gazette  calls  "  the  little  town  at 
the  foot  of  the  hill,"  most  truly  deserved  the 
pleasant  appellation  he  has  given  to  it ;  and  I 
no  sooner  saw  it  than  I  subscribed  to  the  cor- 
rectness of  his  coiip'd'ceil.  The  hill  is  surely 
the  most  conspicuous  object  in  the  scene. 
Wheeling  has,  however,  been  much  talked  of; 
and  as  its  inhabitants  indulge  in  golden  visions 
with  regard  to  its  future  greatness,  it  may  not 
be  useless  to  examine  the  grounds  of  their 
hopes. 

Until  within  a  few  years,  the  immense  sup- 
plies of  merchandise  which  were  imported  into 
the  western  country,  were  transported  from 
Philadelphia  and  Baltimore  to  Pittsburgh, 
whence  they  descended  the  Ohio  to  their  places 
of  destination.  This  was  one  of  the  great 
sources  of  the  wealth  of  Pittsburgh,  and  she 
might,  and  ought  to  have  retained  it,  had  it  not 
been  for  the  culpable  negligence  and  want  of 


/  .;>, 


WHEELING,  AND  THE  CUMBERLAND  ROAD.     5IL     r     \^  . 

spirit  of  her  own  citizens  and  those  of  PhlUael- "' ^^  ""^ 
phia.  The  road  to  Pittsburgh,  extending  three 
hundred  miles,  through  one  of  the  richest  states 
in  the  Union,  was  as  bad  as  it  was  possible  for 
any  road  to  be.  Crossing  a  vast  range  of 
mountains,  it  presented  to  the  eye  of  the  dis- 
mayed traveller,  a  series  of  steeps  and  preci- 
pices equally  difficult  and  dangerous.  The 
vast  number  of  heavy  laden  waggons  which 
were  daily  passing,  had  worn  off  the  soil  which 
covered  the  rocks,  or  converted  it  into  an  im- 
mense mass  of  mire.  Ravines  and  gullies  inter- 
sected the  path,  which  frequently  wound  along 
the  very  verge  of  hideous  gulfs  that  yawned  to 
receive  the  tottering  traveller.  By  this  road 
the  western  merchant  laboriously  dragged  his 
freightage  to  the  shores  of  the  Ohio.  In  vain 
were  remonstrances  made  and  reiterated  on  this 
subject.  In  vain  did  a  few  public  spirited  in- 
dividuals appeal  to  the  justice  and  generosity 
of  Pennsylvania — in  vain  did  they  address  her 
interest  and  her  honour.  The  Pennsylvanians 
affected  to  despise  the  trade  of  the  western 
country  as  a  matter  of  little  importance  ;  but, 
in  fact,  they  neglected  to  secure  it  because  they 

^    ^  LIBRARY 

UNIVERSITY  OF  ILLINOIS 
AT  URBANA-CHAMPAIGM 


52  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

imagined  it  to  be  already  secure.     They  be- 
lieved that  the  western  traders  could  purchase 
goods  to  advantage  only  a*   Philadelphia,  and 
that  they  could  transport  them  to  the  Ohio  by 
no  other  route  than  that  leading  through  Pitts- 
burgh.    The  inference  from  this  sort  of  reason- 
ing was,  that  it  would  be  time  enough  to  make 
a  good  road  through  their  state  a  half  century 
hence,   when    they   should    have    grown   rich 
enough  to  expend  money  on  such  luxuries ;  and 
that  in  the  meanwhile  the  western  people  must 
drag  their  merchandize  over  rocks  and  moun- 
tains, and  through  mud  and  water,  the  best  way 
they  could.     But  the  western  people  were  by 
no  means  satisfied  with  such  treatment.     In 
their  annual  excursions  to  the  eastward,  they 
expended  hundreds  of  thousands  of  dollars  in 
Pennsylvania,  and  they  thought  it  but  fair  that 
the  people  whom  they  had  thus  enriched  should 
take  some  pains  to  render  the  trade  as  conve- 
nient and  advantageous  as  possible  to  all  parties. 
They  found  that  in  some  seasons  they  could 
procure  transportation  to   Pittsburgh  at    four 
dollars  per  hundred  pounds,  and  that  at  others 
they   were   obliged  to  pay  more  than  double 


WHEELING,  AND  THE  CUMBERLAND  ROAD.      53 

that  sum — a  disparity  occasioned  chiefly  by  the 
state  of  the  road  in  good  or  bad  weather.  It 
seemed  to  follow,  as  a  natural  consequence,  that 
if  a  safe  and  permanent  road  was  made,  the 
lowest  price  which  they  now  paid  at  any  season 
would  become  the  average  price  for  all  seasons ; 
and  they  conceived  all  above  that  to  be  an  un- 
just tax  paid  to  Pennsylvania.  They  of  course 
began  to  cast  about  in  search  of  a  remedy  for 
the  evil. 

In  the  meantime,  from  the  causes  I  have 
already  mentioned,  as  well  as  others  of  a  more 
general  nature,  serious  inquiries  began  to  be 
made  on  the  subject  of  connecting  the  eastern 
and  western  sections  of  the  Union,  by  a  channel 
of  intercourse  more  safe  and  expeditious  than 
those  which  already  existed.  Various  routes 
were  proposed.  The  people  of  the  State  of 
New  York,  with  a  liberality  and  promptitude 
which  does  them  infinite  honour,  projected,  at 
the  instigation  of  the  discerning  Clinton,  their 
grand  canal  from  the  Hudson  to  the  Lakes, 
expecting  through  this  channel  to  become  pos- 
sessed of  a  large  portion  of  the  western  trade. 
That  work  is  nearly  finished  ;  and  while  it  can- 
's 


54  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

not  fail  to  prove  a  rich  and  lasting  source  of 
prosperity  to  New  York,  it  will  immortalize  the 
name  of  that  illustrious  patriot,  who  has  devoted 
for  years  the  whole  energy  of  his  fertile  genius 
to  its  accomplishment. 

The  western  representation  in  Congress,  on 
the  other  hand,  headed  by  Mr.  Clay,  devised  the 
National  Turnpike,  or,  as  it  is  commonly  called, 
the  Cumberland  Road.  This  project  was  pro- 
posed in  such  a  form  as  to  meet  the  approbation 
of  the  Executive,  who,  pleased  with  the  idea  of 
strengthening  the  bonds  of  the  Federal  Union, 
by  facilitating  the  intercourse  between  its  two 
grand  divisions,  easily  came  into  the  plan  of 
establishing  a  great  permanent  route,  which 
should  lead  from  the  metropolis  through  the 
western  states.  Thus  supported,  a  law  was 
passed,  making  an  appropriation  for  a  section 
of  the  road,  to  extend  from  Cumberland 
(formerly  Fort  Cumberland),  in  Maryland,  to 
Wheeling,  in  Virginia.  This  section  of  the 
road,  which  embraces  the  Allegheny  moun- 
tains, has  since  been  completed,  in  a  manner 
which  reflects  the  highest  credit  upon  those 
engaged  in  its  construction.     It  is  a  permanent 


WHEELING,  AND  THE  CUMBERLAND  ROAD.      55 

turnpike,  built  of  stone,  and  covered  with 
gravel,  so  as  to  unite  solidity  and  smoothness  ; 
and  noble  arches  of  stone  have  been  thrown, 
at  a  vast  expense,  over  all  the  ravines  and 
water-courses.  In  some  places  the  road  is 
hewn  into  the  precipitous  side  of  the  mountain, 
and  the  traveller,  beholding  a  vast  abyss  beneath 
his  feet,  while  the  tall  cliffs  rising  to  the  clouds 
overhang  his  path,  is  struck  with  admiration 
at  the  bold  genius  which  devised,  and  the  per- 
severing hardihood  which  executed,  so  great 
a  work.  Those  frightful  precipices,  which  once 
almost  defied  the  approach  of  the  nimble  footed 
hunter,  are  now  traversed  by  heavy  laden  wag- 
gons ;  and  pleasure  carriages  roll  rapidly  along 
where  beasts  of  prey  but  lately  found  a  secure 
retreat.  Another  appropriation  has  since  been 
made  to  extend  this  road  to  Zanesville  in  Ohio  5 
and  commissioners  have  been  appointed  to 
survey  and  trace  out  its  route  to  the  shores  of 
the  Mississippi.  The  right  of  the  government 
to  make  these  appropriations,  has  been  warmly 
contested  on  the  floor  of  Congress,  and  has 
elicited  some  of  the  finest  displays  of  talent 


/ 


56  LETTERS    FROM   THE    WEST. 

which  have  ever  emanated  from  that  distin- 
guished body.  Mr.  Clay,  who  could  never 
brook  the  inaction  of  the  Speaker's  chair,  when 
an  important  question  animated  the  august 
assembly  over  which  he  presided,  exhibited 
§ome  of  the  happiest  efforts  of  his  eloquence  in 
this  important  but  apparently  dry  discussion, 
and,  by  his  successful  exertions,  added  another 
to  the  many  benefits  conferred  on  his  fellow- 
citizens  by  the  accomplished  orator  of  the 
west. 

Cumberland  is  a  pretty  little  town,  delight- 
fully situated  on  a  branch  of  the  Potomac,  and 
in  one  of  those  romantic  spots  which  are  often 
found  in  mountainous  and  secluded  situations. 
Braddock  assembled  his  army  here,  at  the  com- 
mencement of  the  celebrated  campaign  which 
ended  in  his  defeat  and  death ;  and  he  passed 
the  mountains  by  nearly  the  same  route  which 
has  been  selected  for  the  national  road.  This 
path  was  traced  by  an  Indian  guide,  who,  with 
that  instinctive  acuteness  for  which  the  whole 
race  is  remarkable,  added,  no  doubt,  to  an 
intimate  knowledge  of  the  country,   at  once 


WHEELING,  AND  THE  CUMBERLAND  ROAD.     57 

struck  out  the  very  course  which  the  expe- 
rience  of  half  a  century  has  proved  to  be  the 
best  and  shortest.  . 

The  Pennsylvanians  were  at  last  roused  from 
their  apathy  by  the  successful  exertions  which 
they  saw  in  operation  to  the  north  and  south 
of  them  to  divert  the  western  trade  into  new 
channels.  To  do  them  justice,  they  had 
expended  a  great  deal  of  money  upon  the 
Pittsburgh  road ;  but  it  had  been  appropriated 
in  small  sums,  and  much  of  it  injudiciously 
applied.  It  ought  also,  in  fairness,  to  be  re- 
marked, that  this  route,  after  leaving  Cham- 
bersburgh,  passes  in  general  through  a  moun- 
tainous and  sterile  region,  thinly  populated, 
and  possessing  but  little  wealth ;  and  that  the 
richest  and  most  populous  parts  of  the  state, 
lying  at  a  distance  from  it,  had  no  immediate 
interest  in  a  road,  which  neither  brought  money 
into  their  neighbourhood,  nor  extended  to  them 
the  conveniences  of  travelling.  A  majority 
therefore  of  the  legislature  anticipated  no 
benefit  to  their  respective  districts  from  the 
application  of  money  to  this  object,  the  advan- 
tages of  which  they  believed  to  be  confined  to 


58  LETTERS   FROM    THE    WEST. 

Pittsburgh,  Philadelphia,  and  the  intermediate 
country. 

About  the  year  1817,  Mr,  Breck,  of  Phila- 
delphia, at  that  time  in  the  Pennsylvanian  legis- 
lature, and  more  recently  a  member  of  Congress, 
issued  a  pamphlet,  in  which  he  endeavoured  to 
draw  the  legislative  attention  to  the  subject 
of  slack-water  navigation.  His  work  is  valu- 
able on  several  grounds — 1,  as  shewing  what 
has  already  been  done  for  the  promotion  of 
internal  improvements  in  his  native  state,  and 
therein  exhibiting  many  facts  highly  honour- 
able to  her  public  spirit ;  2,  as  shewing  what 
remains  to  be  done  ;  and,  3,  as  pointing  out  the 
ample  resources  of  the  state  for  executing  the 
works  which  he  recommends,  and  eloquently  ad- 
vocating an  appropriation  of  them  to  those  pur- 
poses. His  favourite  project  seems  to  be  that 
of  uniting  the  Delaware  and  Ohio,  by  means  of 
canals.  For  this  purpose,  he  proposes  to  cut 
a  canal  from  the  waters  of  the  Schuylkill  to 
those  of  the  Susquehanna,  and  from  the  head 
waters  of  the  Susquehanna  to  those  of  the 
Allegheny.  This  part  of  the  work  contains 
many   interesting    details,     useful    facts,  and 


WHEELING,  AND  THE  CUMBERLAND  ROAD.      59 

correct  inferences  ;  but,  unfortunately,  Mr. 
Breck  with  a  great  deal  of  practical  good  sense 
mingles  some  degree  of  enthusiasm.  His  no- 
tions are  entirely  too  speculative  for  common 
use.  He  carries  us  over  mountains,  or  round 
them,  with  a  facility  that  surprises  us.  Rocks 
and  precipices  present  no  obstacle  to  his  en- 
terprising genius.  We  accompany  him  with 
great  pleasure,  and  even  without  suspicion, 
until  we  get  to  the  end  of  the  journey  ; 
but  then  we  look  back  and  wonder  how 
we  get  there.  He  seems  equally  surprised 
at  his  own  success  ;  for,  on  arriving  at  Pitts- 
burgh, he  is  so  much  elated  that  nothing 
short  of  the  Pacific  Ocean  bounds  his  pros- 
pects. He  carries  us  down  the  Ohio,  and  up 
the  Mississippi ;  and,  triumphantly  ascending 
the  cliffs  of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  shews  how 
easy  it  would  be  to  unite  the  waters  of  the 
latter  with  those  of  the  Columbia ;  and  exult- 
ingly  prophesies  that  the  day  will  come  when 
our  teas  and  India  muslins  will  be  transported 
by  this  route  from  the  Pacific  Ocean  to  Phila- 
delphia. All  this  may,  and  probably  imll,  be 
done  hereafter,  and  a  proud  day  for  America 
will  be   that  which   witnesses   its  accomphsh- 


60  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

ment  j  but  it  would  be  as  well  for  us  to  leave  the 
question  to  be  discussed  in  the  legislature  of 
some  future  state  to  be  located  among  the  Rocky 
Mountains,  or  before  a  Congress  which  may 
be  held  at  St.  Louis,  or  perhaps  at  Shawnee 
Town. — Who  knows  ?  Do  not  suppose  that  I 
mean  to  jest  with  Mr.  Breck's  book.  He  is  a 
man  highly  respected,  as  well  for  his  genius 
as  for  the  excellence  of  his  heart  and  princi- 
ples ;  but  the  wisest  of  men  in  all  ages  have 
had  their  hobby-horses,  and  we  are  assured 
from  high  authority  that  there  is  no  disputing 
against  them.  .  a 

This  pamphlet  was  immediately  followed  by 
another,  from  the  pen  of  Mr.  John  E.  Howard, 
Junior,  of  Baltimore,  a  member  of  the  Executive 
Council  of  Maryland.  This  gentleman  publishes 
a  variety  of  official  reports  and  other  documents, 
on  the  subject  of  roads  and  inland  navigation, 
which  afford  ample  testimony  that  his  own 
state  has  not  been  backward  in  her  attention  to 
this  important  branch  of  poUtical  economy. 
He  strenuously  advocates  the  policy  of  con- 
tending with  Pennsylvania  for  the  western 
trade  ;  and  shews,  by  a  series  of  facts  and  cal- 
culations, the  practicability  of  throwing  a  large 


WHEELING,  AND  THE  CUMBERLAND  ROAD.      61 

portion,  if  not  the  whole  of  it,  into  the  arms  of 
Baltimore.  His  distinct  proposition  is,  to  com- 
plete a  turnpike  to  intersect  the  Cumberland 
road,  by  which  means  a  route  will  be  opened 
all  the  way  from  Baltimore  to  the  Ohio.  This 
he  shews  can  easily  be  done,  as  several  sections 
of  the  route  which  he  proposes  to  pursue  have 
already  been  turnpiked,  either  by  the  state  or 
by  private  companies.  I  cannot  give  you  his 
estimate  of  the  expense,  as  I  write  from  me- 
mory entirely ;  but  it  is  quite  inconsiderable. 
He  combats  some  of  Mr.  Breck's  notions,  with 
considerable  ability  ;  but  at  the  same  time 
treats  that  gentleman  with  the  courtesy  which 
is  due  to  his  genius  and  patriotism,  and,  on  the 
whole,  conducts  the  controversy  with  a  liberal 
and  gentlemanly  spirit. 

The  next  champion  who  took  to  the  high- 
way in  this  contest,  was  Mr.  Neville,  the  able 
editor  of  the  Pittsburgh  Gazette.  Hitherto, 
the  writers  on  this  subject  were  eastern  men, 
who,  probably,  thought  more  of  the  interest  of 
their  respective  cities  than  of  the  western 
country.  It  was  gratifying,  therefore,  to  see 
the  question  taken  up  by  a  gentleman  of  ac- 


I 


62  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

knowledged  abilities,  on  this  side  of  the  moun- 
tains, and  conspicuous  for  his  attachment  to 
western  interests.  He  at  once  defeats  Mr. 
Breck's  canal  project,  by  stating  the  simple 
fact,  that  a  canal  through  the  region  which 
the  one  alluded  to  is  proposed  to  pass,  would 
be  frozen  up  four  months  in  the  year,  and  that 
in  the  summer  season  some  of  the  streams 
proposed  to  be  navigated  would  not  contain 
water  enough  to  float  a  canoe — the  Juniata,  for 
instance.  He  urges,  with  much  eloquence,  the 
more  reasonable  and  feasible  plan  of  completing 
the  Philadelphia  road,  and  clearing  the  bed  of 
the  Ohio  from  Pittsburgh  to  Wheeling.  He 
states  the  fact,  upon  the  authority  of  experienced 
boatmen,  that  the  impediments  of  the  Ohio 
between  Pittsburgh  and  Wheeling  are  not 
greater  than  between  Wheeling  and  Maysville, 
and  that  there  is  no  season  when  boats  may 
descend  from  Wheeling  in  which  they  cannot 
descend  also  from  Pittsburgh.  Mr.  Neville, 
therefore,  seems  to  consider  the  competition  of 
Wheeling  to  be  by  no  means  formidable,  and 
contends  that  the  western  trade  may  still  be 
kept  in  the  old  channel,  if  the  people  of  Penn- 


WHEELING,  AND  THE  CUMBERLAND  ROAD.     63 

sylvania  can  be  brought  to  see  their  own  inte- 
rests, and  to  exercise  their  energies  with  that 
enterprise  and  Hberahty  which  the  occasion  so 
loudJy  demands.  This  writer  adverts  with 
much  feeUng  to  the  neglected  situation  of  the 
Ohio.  That  noble  stream,  which  is  useless  to  us 
during  the  summer  months,  may  be  so  improved 
by  removing  the  obstructions  in  its  channel,  as 
to  be  navigable  at  all  seasons.  At  the  very 
time  that  Mr.  Neville  was  engaged  in  this  argu- 
ment, the  existence  of  a  single  fact  proved  the 
correctness  of  his  views.  There  was  at  that 
time  (in  the  autumn  of  1818)  merchandize 
worth  three  millions  of  dollars^  belonging  to  the 
western  merchants,  lying  along  the  shores  of 
the  Monongahela,  waiting  a  rise  of  water  to 
convey  them  to  their  places  of  destination. 
The  western  merchants  were  lounging  dis- 
contentedly about  the  streets  of  Pittsburgh,  or 
moping  idly  in  its  taverns,  like  the  victims  of 
an  ague.  From  these,  and  a  variety  of  other 
facts,  our  author  felt  himself  authorised  to  call 
on  the  State  to  rise  in  the  majesty  of  its  power, 
to  preserve  a  lucrative  and  important  trade 
from  being  diverted  into  foreign  channels. 


64f  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

The   treasury  of  Pennsylvania    is  not  only 
solvent,  but  in  a  flourishing  condition,  and  the 
credit  of  that  state  has  alv  ays  stood  so   high 
that  she  is  able  to  command,  at  any  time,  the 
most  ample   resources.      Philadelphia,  by  the 
wealth,  steady    habits,    and    extensive    credit 
abroad  of  her  merchants,  has  it  in  her  power 
to  furnish  the  traders  of    the  west  with  better 
assortments  of  goods,  and  those  at  lower  prices, 
than  can  yet  be  afforded  by  Baltimore.      But 
Baltimore  is  not  a  rival  to  be  despised  :  though 
voung,  she  is  public  spirited ;  her  citizens  are 
acute  and  enterprising  ;  when  excited,  they  are 
full  of  fire :  and  though  that  fire  has  sometimes 
kindled  a  conflagration  in  her  own  bosom,  it  must 
be  irresistible  when  properly  directed.     If  the 
Pennsylvanians,   therefore,   neglect  to   cherish 
the  trade  which  has  poured  miUions  of  dollars 
into  the  state,  Philadelphia  and  Pittsburgh  will 
be  forsaken ;  Baltimore  will  become  the  mart, 
and  Wheeling  the  place  of  deposit.     The  situa- 
tion of  the  latter  place  is  pretty  enough,  except 
that  the  hill  at  the  foot  of  which  the  town  is  built 
is  so  near  to  the  river  as  to  leave  but    little 
room  for  its  expansion.     Some  buildings,  how- 


WHEELING,  AND  THE  CUMBERLAND  ROAD.      65 

ever,  have  been  erected  on  a  flat,  a  little  lower 
down.  An  eminence,  at  the  back  of  the  town, 
over  which  the  turnpike  passes,  affords  one  of 
the  finest  prospects  imaginable ;  the  place  is 
healthy,  the  inhabitants  respectable  and  cor- 
rect in  their  dealings,  and  the  society  good. 

It  is  not,  perhaps,  a  matter  of  great  impor- 
tance to  the  western  people  whether  they 
purchase  their  goods  at  Philadelphia  or  at 
Baltimore,  or  whether  they  transport  them  by 
way  of  Pittsburgh  or  of  Wheeling.  Time  will 
^  decide  these  rival  claims ;  the  western  mer- 
chant will  make  his  purchases  where  he  can  do 
it  to  most  advantage,  and  will  transport  his 
goods  by  the  cheapest  and  most  expeditious 
route.  The  establishment  of  steam-boats  has 
carried  much  of  this  trade  to  New  Orleans  ;  but 
how  far  this  place  will  ultimately  interfere  with 
the  eastern  cities  I  must  examine  hereafter. 

I  have  noticed  the  contest  between  rival 
states  and  cities,  not  to  claim  the  palm  of  supe- 
rior enterprise  for  either,  but  to  pourtray  the 
progress  of  a  noble  emulation,  of  which  the 
results  have  been  beneficial  to  all  the  parties 
concerned,  and  highly  honourable  to  our  com- 

F 


66  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

mon  country.  New  York,  Pennsylvania,  and 
Maryland,  have  marched  singly  to  their  respec- 
tive objects;  the  two  latter  have  completed 
their  roads,  and  the  latter  will  soon  exhibit  to 
an  admiring  world,  the  most  extensive  and  im- 
portant chain  of  artificial  inland  navigation 
ever  witnessed.  The  patriotic  state  of  Virginia 
has  opened  her  eyes  to  this  interesting  subject, 
and  is  treading  on  the  heels  of  her  more  com- 
mercial sisters.  The  beautiful  Potomac,  whose 
picturesque  shores  have  heretofore  been  only 
trod  by  the  curious  traveller,  is  now  traced  by 
the  eager  feet  of  science  ;  and  those  precipitous 
currents  whose  wild  beauty  warmed  the  sage 
of  Monticello  to  rapture,  are  about  to  be  con- 
verted to  the  useful  purposes  of  commerce. 
The  Chesapeake  and  Delaware  are  also  about 
to  be  united  by  canals  ;  and  these  works  tend 
directly  to  facilitate  the  desired  intercourse 
between  the  shores  of  the  Atlantic  and  those 
of  the  Mississippi. 

But  there  are  other  points  of  view  in  which 
this  subject  is  highly  interesting.  By  the  con- 
troversy to  which  I  have  alluded,  together  with 
the  writings  of  Governor  Clinton,  of  New  York, 


WHEELING,  AND  THE  CUMBERLAND  ROAD.       Gj 

Mr.  William  J.  Duane,  of  Philadelphia,  and 
others,  it  appears  that  the  spirit  of  improvement 
is  awakened  in  various  sections  of  our  country, 
and  that  men  distinguished  by  their  popularity, 
abilities,  and  official  rank,  conceive  it  worthy  of 
their  notice.  It  seems  also  that  the  rising 
greatness  of  the  western  country  is  not  unno- 
ticed, nor  the  value  of  her  commerce  disre^ 
garded. 

It  shews  further  that  she  has  more  than  one 
outlet  for  her  produce.  Mr.  Cobbett,  who, 
with  all  his  disaffection  towards  his  own  coun- 
try, is  a  true  Englishman  in  his  hatred  of  all 
that  is  estimable  in  ours,  inquires,  in  his  letters 
to  Mr.  Birkbeck,  "  in  case  of  a  war  with  Eng- 
land, what  would  become  of  your  market  clown 
the  Mississippi  ?  That  is  your  sole  marliet.  That 
way  your  produce  must  go ;  or  you  must  dress 
yourselves  in  skins,  and  tear  your  food  to  bits 
with  your  hands."  '*  On  this  side  of  the  moun- 
tains there  are  twelve  hundred  miles  of  coast  to 
blockade ;  but  you  gentlemen  prairie  owners 
are  like  the  rat  that  has  but  one  hole  to  go  out 
and  come  in  at.'*  Observations  of  this  kind, 
evincing  a  deplorable  ignorance  of  the  country 

F  2 


68  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

and  its  resources,  it  is  easy  to  answer.     Every 
distinct    proposition    in    these    quotations    is 
untrue.     In  the  first  place  we  doubt,  to  use 
the    mildest   language,  whether  England  will 
ever  have  it  in  her  power  again  to  blockade  an 
American  port ;  but  leaving  that  point  to  be 
settled  by  our  gallant  navy,  we  answer  that  we 
are  under  no  compulsion  to  carry  our  produce 
down  the  Mississippi,  nor  are  we  dependent  on 
any  foreign  country  for  the  conveniences  of 
life.      A   very   large   portion   of  the   western 
people  manufacture  their  own  clothing  ;  among 
the  farmers  the  practice  is   universal  :   and  it 
extends  so  far  to  other  classes  that  it  is  not  at 
all  unusual  to  see  professional  gentlemen  in 
affluent  circumstances,  and  men  of  high  official 
rank,  clad  in  plain  domestic  fabrics.     I  could 
name  several  of  our  most  distinguished  public 
characters,  who  make  it  a  rule  to  wear  no  cloth 
which  is  not  manufactured  in  their  own  families ; 
and  in  the  event  of  such  a  war  as  is  anticipated 
for  us,  that  patriotism  which  has  always  distin- 
guished the  American  ladies  would  glow  with  its 
wonted  energy,  and  the  world  would  soon  learn 
that  their  ingenuity  is  equal  to  their  scorn  of 


WHEELING,  AND  THE  CUMBERLAND  ROAD.       60 

dependence.  We  have  food,  and  the  means  of 
preparing  it.  The  perfection  to  which  the  ma- 
nufacture of  cutlery,  and  various  articles  of 
steel  and  iron,  has  been  brought  in  the  United 
States,  leaves  us  no  cause  to  dread  our  being 
ever  obliged  to  substitute  onxjingers  for  forks. 
Is  it  so  soon  forgotten  that  the  cutlasses  of  our 
gallant  tars,  and  the  bayonets  of  our  patriotic 
soldiers,  which  during  the  late  war,  triumphed 
over  the  boasted  invincibility  of  British  steel, 
were,  like  the  hands  that  wielded  them,  of  do- 
mestic origin  ?  Shall  we  fear  that  our  firesides 
will  be  visited  by  want,  while  the  same  inven- 
tive genius  exists  which  devised  the  means  of 
repelling  the  invader  from  our  shores  ?  Or  is 
it  meant  to  be  insinuated,  that  it  is  easier  to 
supply  weapons  for  the  capture  of  British  fri- 
gates, than  utensils  for  the  purposes  of  domes- 
tic economy  ? 

As  to  the  outlet  for  our  produce,  we  say,  ad- 
mitting Mr.  Cobbett's  premises,  that,  if  we  can- 
not descend  the  Mississippi,  we  can  ascend  the 
Ohio.  It  is  a  well  known  fact,  that  large 
quantities  of  fur  and  peltry,  have  been  carried 
from    St.    Louis    to    Philadelphia,   by   way   of 


70  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

Pittsburgh ;  and  that  the  saltpetre,  tobacco, 
and  hempen  yarn  of  Kentucky  have  been  car- 
ried to  the  same  market,  bv  the  same  route. 
Such  was  the  destination  of  a  large  portion  of 
the  produce  of  the  west,  before  the  late  war, 
when  the  Mississippi  was  open,  and  when  the 
formidable  obstructions  to  the  passage  of  the 
Allegheny  mountains,  which  I  have  noticed 
above,  existed  to  their  fullest  extent.  When 
our  coasting  trade  was  interrupted  by  the  war, 
all  the  western  produce,  except  that  destined 
for  consumption  at  New  Orleans,  necessarily 
ascended  the  Ohio  ;  and  large  quantities  of 
sugar,  coffee,  and  other  heavy  merchandise, 
were  transported  from  New  Orleans  to  Phila- 
delphia, by  the  same  inland  route.  Even  yet 
a  large  portion  of  the  bacon  and  venison  hams 
of  Kentucky,  are  sold  at  Pittsburgh.  Lately, 
the  introduction  of  steam-boats  has  carried 
most  of  this  produce  down  the  river  ;  but  if, 
when  the  Mississippi  was  open,  any  portion  of 
the  produce  of  the  west  has  been  transported 
up  the  Ohio,  what  would  be  done  if  the  navi- 
gation of  the  former  should  be  closed  ?  Surely 
the  inference  is  plain,  that  if  produce  could  be 


WHEELING,  AND    THE  CUMBERLAND  ROAD.      7^ 

shipped  up  the  Ohio,  with  advantage,  when  no 
obstacle  existed  at  the  mouth  of  the  Mississippi, 
there  could  be  no  great  hardship  in  forcing  it 
into  the  same  channel,  when  that  river  should 
be  closed.  It  may  also  be  added,  that,  until 
lately,  merchandise  was  conveyed  in  small  boats, 
slowly  and  laboriously  propelled  against  the 
powerful  current  of  the  Ohio,  by  human  labour, 
while  it  is  now  cheaply  and  expeditiously 
transported  by  the  agency  of  steam.  Large 
steam-boats  now  ascend  the  river  as  far  as 
Pittsburgh,  in  high  water ;  but  in  the  event 
alluded  to,  our  streams  would  be  covered  with 
lighter  vessels,  propelled  by  steam,  which  would 
bid  defiance  to  every  obstacle,  except  the  shoals 
created  by  low  water,  in  dry  seasons,  and  as 
this  obstacle  now  exists,  and  impedes  the  de- 
scending, as  much  as  ascending  navigation,  we 
should  be  no  worse  off  in  that  respect  than  we 
are  at  present.  Even  those  temporary  obstacles 
it  is  supposed  will  be  soon  removed.  The 
States  of  Pennsylvania,  Virginia,  Ohio,  and 
Kentucky,  united  a  few  years  since  in  the  ap- 
pointment of  commissioners  to  survey  the  bed 
of  the  Ohio,  and  report  the  facts,  with  their 


'J'2  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

opinion  as  to  the  practicability  of  improving  its 
navigation.     After  a  careful  examination  they 
made  a  report,  which  justi^.ed  the  hope  that 
this  work  would  not  be  long  delayed.     Since 
that  time  Congress  has  made  a  liberal  appro- 
priation towards  executing  this  desirable  object. 
Major  Long,   an  officer  of  the  Engineers,  of 
high  reputation,  was  directed  two  years  ago,  to 
commence  the  work,  by  making  experiments 
upon  six  of  the    sandbanks  in  the  Ohio ;  and 
should  he  succeed  in  devising  a  successful  plan 
for  their  removal,  it  is  expected  that  the  work 
will  be  extended  throughout  the  whole  course 
of  this  noble  river.     He  commenced  last  year, 
and  proceeded  with  flattering  prospects,  until 
his  operations  were  suspended  by  the  rising  of 
the  water  ;  his  labours  will  be  resumed  when 
the  river  shall  again  have  fallen. 

The  country  also  presents  ample  natural  ad- 
vantages for  opening  other  channels  of  trade. 
The  State  of  Ohio,  part  of  which  borders  on 
Lake  Erie,  will  be  intersected  with  roads  and 
canals,  as  soon  as  the  people  of  New  York  shall 
have  completed  their  great  work.  A  canal  from 
the  waters  of  the  Miami  to  those  of  Lake  Erie 


WHEELING,  AND  THE  CUMBERLAND  ROAD.      JS 

has  been  already  commenced,  with  so  vigorous 
a  spirit,  and  such  ample  means,  as  enable  us  to 
cherish  the  proud  hope  of  its  speedy  accom- 
plishment. The  legislature  of  IlUnois  have 
caused  a  survey  of  the  country  between  the 
navigable  waters  of  the  Illinois  river,  and 
Lake  Michigan,  to  be  made  by  able  engineers, 
who  report  that  this  communication  may  be 
opened  at  an  expense  of  about  seven  hundred 
thousand  dollars.  A  canal  company  has  since 
been  incorporated,  and  thus  a  commencement 
has  been  made  in  this  important  design,  which 
when  effected  will  open  a  water  communication 
from  the  States  of  Illinois  and  Missouri,  to  the 
city  of  New  York. 

As  I  liave  spoken  of  the  pubhc  spirit  of 
Pennsylvania,  and  particularly  of  her  two  prin- 
cipal cities,  allow  me  to  explain  myself  on  that 
subject.  I  am  far  from  wishing  to  derogate  from 
the  honour  of  my  native  state.  The  merchants 
and  gentlemen  of  Philadelphia  are  liberal  and 
high  minded  men ;  but  they  are  in  the  habit  of 
attending  more  to  their  own,  and  less  to  public 
business,  than  the  same  class  of  society  in  almost 
any  other  part  of  the   United   States.      They 


74  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

have  a  regular  routine  of  avocation,  which  they 
seldom   allow  to  be  broken  in  upon,  by  affairs 
which  are  not  of  immediate   interest  j   conse- 
quently they   are    less    intimately  acquainted 
with    the    character,  and    resources  of     their 
own  state,  than  gentlemen   of    other    cities ; 
much  less  so  than  could  be  expected  from  men 
so  well  educated,  and  so  enlightened  on  other 
subjects.     Many  of  the  most  intelligent  persons 
in    Philadelphia    are    utterly  ignorant    of   the 
geography,  population,  improvements,  and  pro- 
ductions of  the  interior  and  western  parts  of  the 
state.     Men  who  can  converse  learnedly  of  the 
classics,  and  tastefully  of  the  fine  arts,  who  are 
intimately  acquainted  with  European   history, 
politics,  and  manners,  and  who  scrutinize  with 
critical  acuteness  the  measures  of  the  federal 
government,   glance  with  careless,  uninquiring 
eyes  at  the  lofty  mountains,  and  fertile  vallies, 
within  the  bounds  of  their  own  commonwealth. 
They  of  course  feel  little  interest   in  subjects 
upon  which  they  think  so  little. 

The  state  of  politics  too,  in  Pennsylvania,  has 
had  much  influence  in  preventing  the  growth 
of  public  spirit.     Party  spirit  has  raged  in  that 


WHEELING,  AND  THE  CUMBERLAND  ROAD.       75 

devoted  land,  with  ungovernable  fury ;  the 
bitterness  of  contention  has  been  permitted  to 
inflame  and  corrode  the  public  mind ;  the  gall 
of  political  enmity  has  been  infused  into  the 
cup  of  social  intercourse,  and  the  interests  of 
the  state  have  been  too  often  forgotten,  in  the 
tumult  of  schemes  to  raise  or  to  defeat  a  party, 
to  prostrate  or  to  exalt  an  individual.  These 
contests  have  been  distinguished  by  a  virulence 
hardly  known  elsewhere,  and  a  scurrilous  per- 
sonality which  could  no  where  else  be  tolerated. 
Men  of  feeling  and  modesty  shrink  from  such 
conflicts  ;  however  willing  they  might  be  to  bare 
their  breasts  in  honourable  war,  they  covet  not 
the  odious  distinction  of  exposing  their  repu- 
tations as  targets  for  the  archery  of  faction. 
No  men  would  be  more  apt  to  stand  aloof  on 
such  occasions  than  the  Philadelphians,  reared 
as  they  are,  in  the  practice  of  temperance,  and 
in  habits  of  chaste  methodical  reflection.  The 
state  is  consequently  deprived  of  the  use  of 
much  talent  which  she  certainly  possesses. 
Do  not  understand  me  as  making  any  compa- 
rison between  the  dominant  party,  and  the 
minority.       My  position  is  simply   this,   that 


76  LETTERS  FROM  THE  "WEST. 

where  party  spirit  is  carried  to  such  excess  as 
to  alienate  friends,  and  distract  society,  so  that 
men  look  with  jaundiced  eyes  upon  each  other, 
the  arm  of  government  must  be  paralysed,  and 
the  impulses  of  patriotism  benumbed.  The 
man  who  possesses  the  genius  to  devise,  or  the 
wealth  to  execute,  will  not  co-operate  with  him 
whose  popularity  enables  him  to  gain  the  voice 
of  the  people,  or  the  sanction  of  the  ruling 
powers.  When  a  work,  however  noble,  which 
is  proposed  by  one  party,  is  sure  to  be  de- 
nounced by  the  other,  men  of  talent  retire  from 
the  disgusting  controversy,  and  the  wealthy 
refuse  to  risk  their  gold  in  uncertain  and  con- 
tested schemes,  generated  in  the  storms  of  fac- 
tion, and  crushed  by  its  whirlwinds. 

Yet  when,  in  spite  of  all  these  obstacles,  we 
observe  what  Pennsylvania  has  accomplished  : 
when  we  see  the  tine  bridges  over  the  Dela- 
ware, the  Schuylkill,  the  Susquehanna,  the 
Allegheny,  and  the  Monongahela;  the  noble 
turnpike  roads  in  the  eastern  part  of  the  state  ; 
the  splendid  public  buildings  in  Philadelphia, 
her  charitable  institutions,  and  her  literary 
monuments  j  we  cannot  but  acknowledge,  that 


WHEELING,  AND  THE  CUMBERLAND  ROAD.      77 

she  has  the  spirit,  nor  refrain  from  deploring  the 
existence  of  those  counteracting  causes  which 
restrain  its  exercise.  The  Fair  Mount  water- 
works alone,  must  rescue  Philadelphia  from 
the  charge  of  a  penurious  or  timid  policy,  where 
her  own  interests  are  immediately  concerned. 
But  more  expanded  views,  and  more  liberal 
exertions,  are  expected  from  her  wealth  and 
her  intelligence.  The  trade  of  the  western 
country  is  destined  to  become  more  important 
than  the  commerce  of  the  Atlantic  ;  and  this 
she  must  secure  by  liberal  expenditures,  or 
peld  it  to  her  rivals. 


If 


8  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 


LETTER  IV. 

SCENERY  OF  THE   OHIO DROLLERIES   OF 

THE  BOATMEN RIVER  MELODIES. 

April  18th.  Between  Wheeling  and  Ma- 
rietta, there  is  little  worthy  of  the  traveller's 
attention,  except  the  mounds  and  fortifications 
on  Mr.  Tomlinson's  farm  at  Grave  Creek. 
The  "  Big  Grave/'  as  it  is  called,  is  about  a 
quarter  of  a  mile  from  Mr.  Tomlinson's  house, 
in  a  south-westerly  direction  ;  it  is  a  circular 
mound,  sixty-eight  feet  high,  and  fifty-five  feet 
in  diameter  at  the  summit.  This  is  one  of 
the  largest  mounds  in  the  Western  country, 
and  exhibits  every  indication  of  great  antiquity, 
its  whole  surface  being  covered  with  forest 
trees  of  the  largest  size,  and  the  earth  present- 
ing no  peculiarity  to  distinguish  it  from  the 
adjacent  soil. 


SCENERY  OF  THE  OHIO.  70 

The  **  Long  Reach,"  where  the  Ohio  pur- 
sues a  direct  course  for  seventeen  miles,  may 
also  be  noticed  in  this  place,  as  presenting  a 
remarkable  exception  to  the  general  character 
of  this  river. 

19th.  Marietta  is  beautifully  situated  at  the 
mouth  of  the  Muskingum  river,  and  has  an 
appearance  of  neatness  and  regularity,  which  is 
not  usual  in  the  villages  of  the  country.  Ship- 
building was  carried  on  here,  to  some  extent, 
several  years  ago  :  and  great  expectations  were 
formed  as  to  the  future  commercial  importance 
of  the  town,  which  have  as  yet  been  but  par- 
tially realized.  As  early  as  the  year  1798  or  99 
Commodore  Preble  built  a  brig  of  one  hundred 
and  twenty  tons  at  this  place,  which  probably 
was  the  first  sea  vessel  launched  in  the  western 
waters. 

I  would  gladly  have  stopped  for  a  short  time 
at  this  place,  for  I  began  to  be  heartily  tired  of 
the  boat.  A  voyage  of  any  kind  is  disagree- 
able enough,  at  best :  for,  give  it  what  variety 
you  may,  it  still  involves  confinement  of  the 
body,  and  a  correspondent  restraint  of  the 
mind.       The  muses,    indeed,  have  sometimes 


y 


so  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

condescended  to  visit  the  prisoner  in  his  cell  ; 
like   charitable    damsels,    they   have    hovered 
round  the  bed  of  sickness,  and  by  their  ma^ic 
spells,  have  chased  away  the  pangs  of  sorrow 
and  disease.      Even    when   disconcerted   love 
makes  his   exit  at   the  window,  the  generous 
Nine  remain  to  cheer  the  son  of  penury,  illu- 
minating his  dreary  abode  with  their  brightest 
illusions.     But  I  have  not  heard  of  their  deign- 
ing to  honour  a  keel-boat  with  their  presence  ; 
and,  with  reverence  be  it  spoken,  it  would,  in 
spite  of  the  maids  of  Helicon,  be  but  a  sad 
prison-house  after  all.      The  fancy,  it  is  true, 
might  wander  over  boundless  regions,  but  the 
feet   are  as  fond  of  wandering  as  the  imagi- 
nation, and  it  is  by  no  means  pleasant  to  have 
them    confined  to   entire  inaction,    or  limited 
within  the  space  of  a  few  yards.     Yet  disagree- 
able as  such  a  situation  naturally   is,   I   have 
found  so  many  recreations  to  amuse  me  on  the 
present  occasion,  so  much  novelty  in  the  ob- 
jects which  are  continually  presented,   and  so 
much  interest  in  the  recollections  which  crowd 
upon  my  mind,  that  I  cannot  say  my  most  idle 
moments  have  been  burdensome  ;    and   I  am 


SCENERY    OF    THE    OHIO.  81 

convinced  that,  with  the  aid  of  a  little  inge- 
nuity, and  some  good  humour,  no  man  need 
ever  despair. 

The  heart  must  indeed  be  cold  that  would 
not  glow  among   scenes  like   these.      Rightly 
did  the  French  call  this  stream  La  Belle  Riviere 
(the  beautiful  river).     The  sprightly  Canadian, 
plying  his  oar  in   cadence  with  the  wild  notes 
of  the   boat-song,    could  not  fail   to  find   his 
heart  enlivened  by  the  beautiful  symmetry  of 
the  Ohio.     Its  current  is  always  graceful,  and 
its  shores  every  where  romantic.     Everv  thing 
here  is  on  a  large  scale.     The  eye  of  the   tra- 
veller is  continually  regaled   with  magnificent 
scenes.     Here  are   no  pigmy  mounds  dignified 
with    the    name    of    mountains,    no    rivulets 
swelled  into  rivers.      Nature  has  worked  with 
a  rapid  but  masterly  hand ;  every  touch  is  bold, 
and   the  whole  is  grand  as  well  as  beautiful ; 
while   room   is   left   for   art  to   embellish  and 
fertilize   that  which   nature   has   created   w4th 
a  thousand  capabilities.     There  is  much  same- 
ness in  the  character  of  the  scenery ;  but  that 
sameness  is  in  itself  delightful,  as  it  consists  in 
the  recurrence  of  noble  traits,  which  are  too 

G 


82  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

pleasing  ever  to  be  viewed  with  indifference;  like 
the  regular  features  which  we  sometimes  find 
in  the  face  of  a  lovely  woman,  their  charm 
consists  in  their  own  intrinsic  gracefulness, 
rather  than  in  the  variety  of  their  expressions. 
The  Ohio  has  not  the  sprightly,  fanciful  wild- 
ness  of  the  Niagara,  the  St.  Lawrence,  or  the 
Susquehanna,  whose  impetuous  torrents,  rushing 
over  beds  of  rocks,  or  dashing  against  the  jutting 
cliffs,  arrest  the  ear  by  their  murmurs,  and 
delight  the  eye  with  their  eccentric  wander- 
ings. Neither  is  it  like  the  Hudson,  margined 
at  one  spot  by  the  meadow  and  the  village,  and 
overhung  at  another  by  threatening  precipices 
and  stupendous  mountains.  It  has  a  wild, 
solemn,  silent  sweetness,  peculiar  to  itself. 
The  noble  stream,  clear,  smooth,  and  unruffled, 
swept  onward  with  regular  majestic  force. 
Continually  changing  its  course,  as  it  rolls 
from  vale  to  vale,  it  always  winds  with  dignity, 
and  avoiding  those  acute  angles,  which  are 
observable  in  less  powerful  streams,  sweeps 
round  in  graceful  bends,  as  if  disdaining  the 
opposition  to  which  nature  forces  it  to  submit. 
On  each  side   rise  the  romantic  hills,  piled   on 


SCENERY    OF   THE    OHIO.  83 

each  other  to  a  tremendous  height ;  and  be- 
tween them,  are  deep,  abrupt,  silent  glens, 
which  at  a  distance  seem  inaccessible  to  the 
human  foot ;  while  the  whole  is  covered  with 
timber  of  a  gigantic  size,  and  a  luxuriant 
foliage  of  the  deepest  hues.  Throughout  this 
scene  there  is  a  pleasing  solitariness,  that  speaks 
peace  to  the  mind,  and  invites  the  fancy  to 
soar  abroad,  among  the  tranquil  haunts  of  medi- 
tation. Sometimes  the  splashing  of  the  oar  is 
heard,  and  the  boatman's  song  awakens  the 
surrounding  echoes  ;  but  the  most  usual  music 
is  that  of  the  native  songsters,  whose  melody 
steals  pleasingly  on  the  ear,  with  every  modu- 
lation, at  all  hours,  and  in  every  change  of  situ- 
ation. The  poet,  in  sketching  these  solitudes, 
might,  by  throwing  his  scene  a  few  years  back, 
add  the  light  ^anoe  and  war-song  of  the  Indian  ; 
but  the  peaceful  traveller  rejoices  in  the  ab- 
sence of  that  which  would  bring  danger  as  well 
as  variety  within  his  reach. 

These  remarks  apply  to  the  Ohio,  only  so 
far  as  I  have  already  seen  it;  after  we  leave 
this  hilly  region,  its  shores  no  doubt  present  a 
different    aspect.      We   have  just    passed   the 

G  2 


84  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

Muskingum  Island,  and  already  the  country 
seems  to  be  much  less  mountainous  though  not 
less  romantic.  The  prospect  immediately  below 
this  island,  is  singularly  picturesque  and  cha- 
racteristic. The  river,  making  a  long  stretch  to 
the  west,  affords  an  uninterrupted  view  for 
several  miles.  On  one  side  are  seen  several 
log-houses,  surrounded  by  newly  cleared  fields, 
exhibiting  the  first  stage  of  improvement ;  a 
little  further  on,  a  neat  brick-house,  with  a 
numerous  collection  of  fruit  trees,  just  putting 
forth  their  blossoms,  indicate  a  more  advanced 
state  of  civilization,  and  mark  the  residence 
of  a  wealthier  or  more  industrious  citizen. 
Beyond  these  are  lofty  hills,  whose  long  sha- 
dows fall  upon  the  w^ater,  and  all  around  is  the 
gloom  of  the  forest.  On  the  opposite  bank, 
a  rude  bridge,  thrown  over  a  deep  ravine,  is 
discovered  through  the  trees  ;  and  near  it,  a  few 
pail  inclosures,  fabricated  of  rough  stakes,  de- 
signate and  protect  the  tombs  of  some  of  the 
early  adventurers  to  this  wild  country. 

I  never  was  a  friend  to  the  incarceration  of 
beauty,  as  I  always  believed  that  every  pretty 
woman,   to  say  nothing  of  the   ugly  ones,  was 


SCENERY    OF    THE    OHIO.  B5 

intended  to  assist  in  beguiling  the  cares  of  some 
poor  fellow,  who,  like  myself,  had  more  of  them 
on  his  shoulders  than  he  could  well  attend  to. 
Yet,  whenever  I  gaze  on  the  silent  shores  of 
the  Ohio,  I  am  tempted  to  think  how  pretty  a 
convent  would  look  in  one  of  these  romantic 
vallies,  where  deep,  melancholy  shadows  curtain 
every  spot,  where  no  discordant  sound  dis- 
turbs the  solitude,  and  where  no  unhallowed 
object  intrudes  upon  the  eye  to  excite  a  "  tu- 
mult in  a  vestal's  veins. '^  But  this  illusion  is 
easily  destroyed  ;  when  I  forsook  the  deck,  and 
strolled  into  the  country  among  the  farmers, 
who,  fearing  the  atmosphere  of  the  river,  build 
their  houses  at  a  distance,  leaving  a  strip  of 
the  forest  standing  to  intercept  the  damps,  I 
found  something  very  different  from  nuns  and 
anchorites. 

To-day  our  boat  struck  on  a  sand-bar, 
through  the  carelessness  of  the  captain,  who 
was  asleep  in  the  cabin.  The  boatmen  jumped 
into  the  water  with  great  alacrity,  and  attempted 
to  "  heave  her  off;"  but  being  unable  to  effect 
it,  we  were  obliged  to  procure  a  flat  boat,  to 
lighten,  and  hands  to  assist  us.     These  were 


86  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

readily  and  cheerfully  furnished  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood, and  we  suffered  no  other  mcon- 
venience  than  that  of  a  few  hours'  detention. 
In  the  meanwhile,  I  took  my  fowling-piece, 
and  scoured  the  forest  on  the  Virpnia  side  of 
the  river.  After  shooting  some  squirrels,  which 
were  very  abundant,  I  stopped  at  a  farm  house, 
where  I  was  hospitably  received.  My  arrival  had 
been  foretold,  not  like  that  of  Fitz  James,  by  a 
"  minstrel  old  and  gray,"  but  by  the  good  man 
of  the  house,  who  said  he  had  heard  the  report  of 
a  shot  gun  in  the  woods,  and  knew  there  tvere 
strangers  about.  He  eyed  my  piece  with  a  good 
deal  of  contempt,  and  wondered  at  my  using 
it  in  preference  to  a  rifle.  Throughout  the 
west,  the  fowling-piece  is  viewed  rather  as  a 
toy  for  children  than  as  a  weapon  for  man. 
Hunting  is  here,  as  Scot  describes  it  to  have 
been  among  the  ancient  Highlanders, 

"  Mimicry  of  noble  war." 

The  people  scorn  a  weapon  less  deadly  than  the 
rifle;,  and  practice  has  made  them  remarkably 
expert  in  the  use  of  this  national  arm,  "  Luck's 
like  a  shot-gun,  mighty  uncertaiUj"  is  a  common 


SCENERY    OF    THE    OHIO.  87 

saying,  and  indeed  the  poor  shot-gun  is  a 
standing  but  for  ridicule,  and  a  common  sub- 
ject of  comparison  with  every  thing  that  is  in- 
significant. 

To-day  we  passed  two  large  rafts  lashed 
together,  by  which  simple  conveyance  several 
families  from  New  England  were  transporting 
themselves  and  their  property  to  the  land  of 
promise  in  the  western  woods.  Each  raft  was 
eighty  or  ninety  feet  long,  with  a  small  house 
erected  on  it ;  and  on  each  was  a  stack  of  hay, 
round  which  several  horses  and  cows  were  feed- 
ing, while  the  paraphernalia  of  a  farm-yard,  the 
ploughs,  waggons,  pigs,  children,  and  poultry, 
carelessly  distributed,  gave  to  the  whole  more 
the  appearance  of  a  permanent  residence,  than 
of  a  caravan  of  adventurers  seeking  a  home. 
A  respectable  looking  old  lady,  with  spectacles 
on  nose,  was  seated  on  a  chair  at  the  door  of 
one  of  the  cabins,  employed  in  knitting  ;  another 
female  was  at  the  wash-tub ;  the  men  were 
chewing  their  tobacco,  with  as  much  com- 
placency as  if  they  had  been  in  "  the  land  of 
steady  habits,"  and  the  various  family  avoca- 
tions seemed  to  go  on  like  clock-work.     In  this 


/ 


88  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

manner  these  people  travel  at  a  slight  expense. 
They  bring  their  own  provisions ;  their  raft 
floats  with  the  current ;  and  honest  Jonathan, 
surrounded  with  his  scolding,  grunting,  squalHng, 
and  neighing  dependants,  floats  to  the  point 
proposed  without  leaving  his  own  fire-side  ;  and 
on  his  arrival  there,  may  step  on  shore  with  his 
house,  and  commence  business,  like  a  certain 
grave  personage,  who,  on  his  marriage  with  a 
rich  widow,  said  he  had  "  nothing  to  do  but  to 
walk  in  and  hang  up  his  hat." 

The  evening  of  this  day  brought  us  to  Park- 
ersburgh,  a  small  village  in  Virginia,  famous 
for  its   manufactory  of  bank  notes,  of  which  a 
goodly  quantity  were,  some  years  ago,  ushered 
into  an  ephemeral  existence.     They  have  now 
entirely  disappeared — the  shop  is  shut ;  and  as 
this  species   of  domestic  industry  finds  no  pro- 
tection in  Mr.  Baldwin's  tariff  bill,  tlie   inha- 
bitants will  be  obliged  to  exert  their  ingenuity 
upon  some  other  branch  of  the  arts.   The  town, 
composed  of  a  few  scattered  houses,  is  beauti- 
fully  situated :  the   approach   by   water   from 
above  is  singularly  pretty,  the  houses  presenting 
themselves  through  a  cluster  of  intervening  trees, 


SCENERY    OF   THE    OHIO.  89 

which,  with  a  proper  taste,  have  been  allowed 
to  stand  on  the  shore.  We  had  but  a  glimpse 
of  it  in  the  twilight,  when  the  liglits  shining 
through  the  numerous  foliage  might  have  re- 
minded one  of  a  Chinese  feast  of  lanterns  ;  and 
we  were  so  long  in  getting  to  the  shore,  that 
even  these  were  extinguished  before  we  reached 
it.  The  sky  was  delightfully  serene,  and  the 
moon-beams,  playing  over  the  tree-tops,  and 
drawing  out  the  forest- shadows  into  a  thou- 
sand fantastic  shapes,  invited  us  to  a  stroll. 
Our  curiosity  was  soon  satisfied;  the  villagers 
had  retired  to  rest ;  the  silence  of  the  forest  wsls 
around  their  dwellings  ;  the  stranger's  footsteps 
alone  disturbed  it.  We,  therefore,  soon  re- 
turned ;  but  the  boatmen  were  more  successful 
in  their  researches  after  noveltv.  In  their  little 
tour  they  discovered  one  of  those  engines  of 
justice,  to  which  the  philanthropic  compiler  of 
the  Navigator  has  devoted  a  page  or  two  of 
invective,  namely,  a  vile  whipping-post,  moulder- 
ing with  age,  or  drooping,  perhaps,  like  man}^ 
other  faithful  public  servants,  with  neglect  and 
long  disuse.  The  honest  old  gentleman,  last  men- 
tioned, could  not  have  been  more  scandalized 


90  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

at  the  appearance  of  this  unsightly  fixture,  than 
were  our  unenhghtened  mariners,  who  were  un- 
accustomed to  this  instrument  of  punishment, 
which  they  forthwith  removed  from  its  place, 
and  launched  into  the  river,  observing  that 
**  them  that  wanted  to  be  whipped  mought  go 
after  it.'' 

Nor  did  the  amusements  of  the  night  end 
here.  The  adventure  of  the  whipping-post  had 
exhilarated  the  spirits  of  the  cTew,  who  now 
seating  themselves  in  groups  upon  the  bank, 
inspired,  no  doubt,  by  the  genial  influence  of 
the  "  chaste  cold  moon,"  began  to  chaunt  their 
rude  ditties  of  "  bold  young  fellers'''  and  "  ladies 
gay,"  an  accomplishment  in  which  some  of 
them  had  acquired  a  tolerable  proficiency,  and 
which  they  all  appeared  to  value  more  highly 
than  their  rough  natures  would  seem  to  indi- 
cate. Here  was  a  fund  of  entertainment  for 
me.  It  is  amusing  to  see  poetry  dressed  in 
rags  and  limping  upon  crutches  ;  dignified  and 
lovely  as  she  is  in  her  robes  of  majesty,  she 
becomes  the  most  quaint,  ingenious,  entertain- 
ing little  imp  imaginable,  when  she  condescends 
to  play  the  hoyden  ;  and  I  assure  you  I  adored 


RIVER    MELODIES.  91 

her  with  tenfold  ardour  when  I  beheld  her 
versatility,  and  saw  her,  like  a  good  republican, 
dispensing  her  smiles,  as  well  upon  the  lowly 
as  upon  the  great.  She  has,  indeed,  risen 
wonderfully  in  my  opinion — in  which  of  late 
years  she  had  rather  sunk,  in  consequence  of 
the  suspicious  company  she  had  kept ; — a  vi- 
rago with  Byron,  a  voluptuary  with  Moore, 
and  with  Monk  Louis  a  wrinkled  old  hag. 
She  has  again  appeared  in  her  native  integrity. 
I  have  seen  her  in  the  robes  of  Nature,  and 
heard  her  in  the  innocency  of  her  heart.  To 
the  admirers  of  the  simplicity  of  Wordsworth, 
to  those  who  prefer  the  naked  effusions  of  the 
heart  to  the  meretricious  ornaments  of  fancy, 
I  present  the  following  beautiful  specimen, 
verbatim,  as  it  flowed  from  the  lips  of  an  Ohio 
boatman  : — 

"  It's  oh !  as  I  was  a  wal-king  out. 

One  morning  in  July, 
I  met  a  maid,  who  ax'd  my  trade — 

Says  I,  I'll  tell  you  presently. 

Miss,  I'll  tell  you  presently. 

And  its  oh  !  she  was  so  neat  a  maid, 
That  her  stockings  and  her  shoes 

She  toted  in  her  lilly  white  hands, 
For  to  keep  them  from  tlie  dews,"  &c,  &c. 


92  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

I  challenge  the  admirers  of  that  celebrated  poet 
to  point  out,  in  all  his  works,  or  in  those  of 
his  disciples,  a  single  verse,  which  is  as  simple, 
as  descriptive,  or  which  contains  so  much 
matter  in  so  small  a  compass,  as  either  of  the 
above. 

In  the  following  amatory  stanza,  the  lover 
betrays  his  tenderness  with  great  delicacy  :  — 

r 

'*  Here's  to  you,  and  all  the  rest, 
And  likewise  her  that  I  love  best ; 
As  she's  not  here  to  take  a  part, 
I'll  drink  her  health  with  all  my  heart." 

What  a  manly  spirit  breathes  through  each 
line,  where  the  poet  pays  an  honest  tribute  to 
poverty;  sympathises  with  the  forlorn  wight, 
too  often  the  object  of  ridicule,  who  hves  in 
single  wretchedtiess  ;  and  satirises  the  cupidity 
of  the  world,  all  in  the  compass  of  a  single 
stanza  !    It  runs  thus : — 

"  Here's  to  those  that  has  old  cl  othes. 

And  never  a  wife  to  mend  'em  ; 
A  plague  on  those  that  has  halfjoes. 

And  has'n't  a  heart  to  spend  'em  !" 

There  was  one  ballad  particularly,  of  a  very 


IlIVEIl    MELODIES.  93 

pathetic  nature,  which  I  regret  I  have  forgot- 
ten, as  the  singer  observed,  very  feehngly,  that 
he  "  set  more  store  to  if'  than  to  all  the  rest. 
It  began  thus  : — 

"  Oh  !  its  love  was  the  'casion  of  my  downfall, 
I  wish  I  had'n't  never  lov'd  none  at  all ! 
Oh !  its  love  was  the  'casion  of  ray  miseree  ; 
Now  I  am  bound,  but  once  I  was  free !" 

The  following  exquisite  lines  I  had,  "  by 
parcels,"  heard  before,  but  "  not  intentively," 
and  never  did  I  hear  them  sung  with  such 
grace  and  spirit— never  before  did  I  behold 
the  action  so  well  suited  to  the  word  : — • 

"  Oh,  its  meeting  is  a  pleasure. 

Parting  is  a  grief ; 
But  an  onconstant  lovyer 

Is  worse  nor  a  thief !" 

*'  A  thief  and  a  robber 

Your  purse  he  will  haave  ; 
But  an  onconstant  lovyer. 

He  will  bring  you  to  the  grave  !" 

I  have  no  more  room  for  criticism.  These 
brief  extracts  will  convince  you  that  I  have  not 
decided  in  favour  of  the  "  River  Melodies" 
on  slight  grounds.    By  some  future  opportunity 


94  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

I  will  send  you  some  more  of  them  ;  in  the  mean- 
while I  bid  you  good  night,  in  the  words 
which  the  rowers  are  even  now  sounding  in  my 
ears,  as  they  tug  at  the  oar,  timing  their  strokes 
to  the  cadence : 

**  Some  rows  up,  but  we  rows  down. 
All  the  way  to  Shawnee  town. 

Pull  away — pull  away  !'* 


BLANNERHASSETTS    ISLAND.  95 


LETTER  V. 

BLANNERHASSETT*S     ISLAND,     AND     BURR*S     CON- 
SPIRACY. 

We  left  Parkersburgh  early  in  the  morning, 
and  in  the  course  of  the  day  passed  Blanner- 
hassett's  Island,  a  spot  which  the  intrigues  of 
one  distinguished  individual,  the  misfortunes  of 
another,  and  the  eloquence  of  a  third  have 
made  classic  ground.  I  would  gladly  have 
loitered  here  for  a  few  hours  ;  but  "  lime  and 
tide,"  says  the  old  saw,  "  wait  for  no  man." 
How  provoking  !  But  time,  and  tide,  and  cap- 
tains of  keel-boats  know  nothing  of  the  solici- 
tudes of  sentimental  travellers,  and  hurry  us 
away  from  a  famous  spot,  with  as  little  cere- 
mony as  from  a  half  finished  breakfast. 

We  approached  the  island  in  fine  style,  the 
boatmen   tugging   manfully   at    the    oar,  and 


96  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

straining  their  voices  in  concert.  As  we 
reached  the  upper  end  of  it,  they  ceased  their 
labours,  and  allowing  the  boat  to  float  with  the 
current,  amused  each  other  with  stories  of  Burr 
and  his  confederates. 

An  event  has  seldom  occurred,  so  intrinsi- 
callv  insignificant  in  its  result,  which  has  created 
so  great  a  sensation  as  the  conspiracy  of  Burr ; 
which,  indeed,  derives  its  consequence  princi- 
pally from  the  celebrity  of  the  names  attached 
to  it,  and  the  ignorance  of  the  world  as  to  its 
final  object.  Burr  was  the  rival  of  Hamilton  : 
Hamilton  the  friend  of  Washington — his  mili- 
tary aid,  his  political  adviser,  his  social  com- 
panion— equally  eminent  as  a  soldier,  an  orator, 
a  writer,  a  financier,  and  a  lawyer.  The  man 
who  could  make  Hamilton  experience,  or  even 
counterfeit, 

"  The  stern  joy  that  warriors  feel. 
In  foemen  worthy  of  their  steel," 

must  have  stood  far  above  mediocrity.  Colonel 
BtuT  was  the  son  of  a  gentleman,  eminent  for 
his  learning  and  piety,  for  many  years  president 
of  the  most  celebrated  college  in  America  ;  and 
was  himself  a  man  of  transcendent  genius,  and 


burr's  conspiracy.  97 

great  attainments.  He  was  remarkable  for  the 
elegance  of  his  manners,  tlie  seductiveness  of 
his  address,  the  power  and  sweetness  of  his 
eloquence  ;  but  more  so,  perhaps,  for  the  bold- 
ness and  energy  of  his  mind.  Burr  had  con- 
tended unsuccessfully  with  Jefferson  for  the 
presidential  chair,  which  he  lost  by  a  single 
vote  ;  but  while  he  filled  the  second  place  in 
point  of  dignity,  few  at  that  time  would  have 
assigned  him  an  inferior  station  in  point  of 
talents. 

The  duel  between  Hamilton  and  Burr  filled 
the  nation  with  astonishment  and  griefs — grief 
for  the  death  of  a  great  and  useful  man,  and 
astonishment  at  the  delusion  which  occasioned 
it.  Burr,  with  the  corpse  of  Hamilton  at  his 
feet,  might  have  felt  the  triumph  of  con- 
quest ;  but  it  was  a  momentary  flush  :  the 
laurels  of  the  hero,  watered  hy  the  tears  of  his 
country,  retained  their  verdure,  and  even  those 
who  might  have  rejoiced  at  his  political  fall, 
execrated  the  destroyer  of  his  existence. 

Shortly  after  this  bloody  catastrophe,  the 
conduct  of  Burr  began  again  to  excite  the 
attention  of  the  public.     He  had  resigned  his 

H 


93  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

former  employments,  forsaken  his  usual  haunts, 
and  was  leading  an  erratic  and  mysterious  life. 
He  frequently  travelled  incngnitOj  performed  long 
and  rapid  journeys,  and  remained  but  a  short 
time  at  any  one  place.  This  restlessness  was 
attributed  to  uneasiness  of  mind,  and  many 
began  to  sympathise  with  him  whom  they  sup- 
posed to  be  thus  tortured  with  the  stings  of 
conscience.  But  whatever  might  have  been 
the  workings  of  his  mind,  he  soon  evinced  that 
his  fire  was  not  quenched,  nor  his  ambition 
sated.  He  was  now  seen  traversing  the  western 
wilds,  eagerly  seeking  out  the  distinguished 
men  of  that  country,  particularly  those  who 
possessed  military  experience,  or  had  hearts 
alive  to  the  stirring  impulses  of  ambition. 

These  indications  were  quickly  succeeded  by 
others  of  a  more  decided  character.  Secret  as 
his  intentions  were,  the  first  movement  towards 
their  execution  awakened  suspicion.  The 
assembling  of  men,  and  collecting  munitions  of 
war  roused  the  government  to  action.  Burr 
was  arrested, — his  plans  defeated,  his  adherents 
dispersed,  and  his  reputation  blasted.  He 
became  an  exile,  and  a  wanderer;   and  after 


burr's  conspiracy.  99 

years  of  suffering,  returned  to  his  native  land, 
to  become  an  insignificant  member  of  that  bar 
of  which  he  had  been  among  the  highest  orna- 
ments ;  an  obscure  citizen  of  the  country  over 
whose  councils  he  had  presided  ;  and  to  add 
another  to  the  list  of  splendid  men  who  have 
been  great  without  benefit  to  themselves  or 
others,  and  whose  names  will  be  preserved  only 

"  To  point  a  moral,  or  adorn  a  tale." 

He  was  entirely  abandoned.  Never  was  a 
man  more  studiously  avoided,  more  unani- 
mously condemned.  The  voice  of  eulogy  was 
silent,  the  breath  of  party  was  hushed.  Of  the 
many  who  had  once  admired  and  loved  him, 
none  ventured  to  express  their  love  or  admira- 
tion. One  fatal  act  of  folly,  or  of  crime,  had 
obscured  all  the  brilliance  of  a  splendid  career ; 
and  although  acquitted  of  treason  by  a  court 
of  justice,  a  higher  tribunal,  that  of  public 
opinion,  refused  to  reverse  the  sentence  which 
consigned  him  to  disgrace. 

Such  was  the  fate  of  Burr  ;  but  his  plans  are 
yet  enveloped  in  mystery.  A  descent  upon 
some  part  of  Spanish  America,  and  the  establish- 

H  2 


100  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

ment  of  an  independent  government,  has  been 
stated   to    have    been    the    object ;    but    it    is 
alleged  that  a  separation  of  the  western  states 
from  the  Union  formed  a  part  of  the  project. 
The  latter  charge  rests  almost  entirely  upon  the 
evidence  of  General  Eaton,  a  gentleman  whose 
chivalrous  disposition   led  him  through  many 
singular  adventures,  and  whose  history,  as  re- 
corded by  himself,  presents  a  more  favourable 
picture  of  his   heart  and  genius  than  of  his 
judgment.     He  was  a  man  of  warm   tempera- 
ment, who  adopted  hasty  and  vivid  impressions, 
from  the  impulse  of  the  moment.     From  his 
testimony,  I  should  be  inclined  to  believe  that 
Colonel  Burr  had  cherished  some  vague  ideas 
respecting  a  disjunction  of  the  Union  ;  but  it 
does  not  appear  that  those  speculations  were 
ever  matured  into  any  settled  plan,  or  confided 
to  his  adherents.     I  am  led  to  this  conclusion 
by  the  characters  of  Colonel  Burr  and  the  gen- 
tlemen who  were  implicated  with  him  in  his 
disastrous  expedition.     Burr  was  a  man  of  ex- 
tended views,  a  close  observer  of  men  and  man- 
ners, and  it  is  not  to  be  presumed  that  he  would 
have  lightly  embraced  a  scheme  so  fraught  with 


BURRS  CONSPIRACY. 

treason,  madness,  and  folly.  He  KHBtr"  tlv^; 
American  people  well.  He  had  studied  them 
with  the  eye  of  a  statesman,  and  with  tli^  in- 
tense interest  of  an  ambitious  political  aspirant^" 
His  rank  in  society,  his  political  station,  and 
his  extensive  practice  at  the  bar,  threw  open  a 
wide  and  varied  scene  to  his  observation,  and 
exhibited  his  countrymen  to  him  in  a  variety 
of  Hghts  and  shades. 

Nor  was  Burr  the  man  upon  whom  such  op- 
portunities would  be  lost.  To  him  the  avenues  to 
the  human  heart  were  all  familiar,  and  he  could 
penetrate  with  ease  into  its  secret  recesses.  To 
study  man  was  his  delight — to  study  his  country- 
men his  business.  Could  he  then  have  been  a 
stranger  to  their  intelligence,  their  sense  of  ho- 
nour, their  habits  of  calculation,  and  their  lov^e  for 
their  republican  institutions  ?  Could  he  expect  to 
transform  at  once  the  habits,  feelings,  tastes,  and 
morals  of  a  people  conspicuous  for  their  courage 
and  political  integrity  ?—  for  such  are  the  people 
of  the  western  states.  It  has  been  supposed, 
and  with  some  plausibility,  that  his  hopes  were 
founded  on  the  dissatisfaction  evinced  by  the 
western  people  at  the  time  of  the  discussion  of 


102  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

our  right  to  navigate  the  Mississippi.  It  is 
true  that  the  rude  and  unprovoked  violation  of 
our  privileges  on  that  rive^'  by  Spain  excited 
an  universal  burst  of  indignation  throughout 
the  Union.  It  is  also  true,  that  this  feeling 
was  most  warmly  displayed  in  the  west.  In 
the  Atlantic  states,  the  insult  was  felt  as  impli- 
cating our  national  honour  ;  in  the  west  it  was 
a  matter  of  vital  importance  to  all,  and  of  per- 
sonal interest  to  every  individual,  and  as  such 
it  came  home  to  men^s  business  and  bosoms.  The 
Mississippi  was  the  natural  outlet,  and  New 
Orleans  the  mart  for  the  produce  of  the  west ; 
and  when  that  market,  to  which  they  believed 
they  had  an  indefeasible  right  of  access,  was 
barred  to  them,  it  was  but  the  natural  and  com- 
mon impulse  of  the  human  mind  which  in- 
duced a  people,  at  all  times  proud,  impetuous 
and  tenacious,  to  call  for  vengeance  and  redress, 
with  a  sternness  and  impatience  commensurate 
with  their  injuries.  The  conciliatory  spirit  and 
tardy  policy  of  Mr.  Jefferson,  neither  satisfied 
their  feelings,  nor  suited  their  exigencies  ;  and 
they  were  wiUing  to  impute  to  tameness  in  the 
executive,   that   w^hich    might   have  been  the 


burr's  conspiracy.  103 

result  of  parental  solicitude.  Believing  them- 
selves to  be  abandoned  by  the  general  govern- 
ment, they  felt  it  a  duty  to  protect  their  own 
invaded  rights  ;  and  if  the  government  had  not 
interposed  with  effect,  they  would  doubtless 
have  drawn  the  sword — against  whom?  the 
government?  No,  but  against  the  common 
enemy.  In  this  there  was  no  treason  nor  dis- 
affection— no  estrangement  from  their  sister 
states,  no  breach  of  faith  with  the  government, 
nor  violation  of  the  compact.  It  was  saying 
only  to  their  federal  head — "  Defend  us,  or 
we  will  defend  ourselves." 

If  Colonel  Burr  expected  to  fan  these  feelings 
into  rebellion,  he  had  either  more  boldness  or  less 
wisdom  than  has  commonly  been  placed  to  his 
credit ;  and  had  he  openly  avowed  this  project, 
he  would  have  called  down  upon  his  head  the 
imprecations  of  a  people,  who,  if  they  had  spared 
his  life,  would  not  have  forgiven  so  foul  an  insult 
to  their  virtue  and  understanding.  But  let  us 
ask  who  were  the  adherents  of  Colonel  Burr? 
Who  were  they  who  were  to  share  his  fortunes, 
to  reap  with  him  the  proud  laurels  of  success" 
ful   valour,   or  the  infamy  of  foul  rebellion  ? 


104  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

Were  they  persons  of  obscure  name  and  despe- 
rate fortune,  or  were  they  men  of  good  blood 
and  fair  fame — "  the  darUngs  of  the  nation  ?" 
These   questions   are   embarrassed    with    some 
uncertainty,    because   most  of  the   gentlemen 
who  have  been  accused  of  adhering  to  Colonel 
Burr,    "  giving  him   aid  and  comfort,"  have 
denied  the  fact ;  and  as  I  am  writing  only  for 
amusement,  and  speculating  on  events  gone  by, 
for  speculation's  sake,  I  wish  not  to  assume 
any  thing  as  a  fact  on  this  delicate  subject, 
which  is,  or  has  been  controverted.     But  it  is 
not  denied  that  many  *^  prosperous  gentlemen" 
were    engaged   in   this   enterprise  j    and  many 
others  suspected,  with  a  belief  so  strong  as  to 
amount  almost  to  certainty  ;  and  among  these 
were  men  whom  the  people  have  since  exalted 
to  the  most  important  trusts,  and  confided  in 
with  the  most  impUcit  reliance.     Among  them 
were  men  of  high  standing,  who  had  reputations 
to  be  tarnished,  fortunes  to  be  lost,  and  families 
to   be    embarrassed ;  and     many    high-souled 
youths,  whose  proud  aspirings  after  fame  could 
never  have  been  gratified  amid  the  horrors  of  a 
civil  war  and  the  guiltv  scenes  of  rebellion. 


burr's  conspiracy.  105 

It  is  argued  against  these  gentlemen,  that 
they  have  uniformly  denied  their  connexion 
with  Burr,  which  it  is  supposed  they  would 
not  have  done  had  they  known  his  designs  to 
be  innocent.  But  this  I  do  not  conceive  to 
be  a  fair  argument.  The  united  voice  of  the 
whole  nation  had  declared  Burr  to  be  a  traitoi', 
and  his  adherents  shared  the  obloquy  which 
was  heaped  upon  their  misguided  leader. 
Even  admitting  their  innocence  or  their  own 
belief  of  it,  still  it  would  have  been  a  hopeless 
task  for  this  handful  of  men  to  oppose  their 
feeble  asseverations  to  the  "  voice  potential"  of 
a  whole  people.  Many  of  them,  also,  were 
candidates  for  office,  and  they  found  the 
avenues  to  preferment  closed  by  the  anathemas 
pronounced  by  the  people  against  all  who 
w^ere  concerned  in  what  they  believed  to  have 
been  rank  conspiracy.  They  might,  therefore, 
have  bent  to  the  current  which  they  could 
not  stem.  The  apostle  Peter  denied  his  mas- 
ter thrice ! — but  was,  nevertheless,  a  good 
honest  apostle  after  all. 

But  I  know  that  you  are,  by  this  time,  ready 
to  ask  me,  whether  I  am  seriously  endeavour- 


106  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

ing  to  convince  you  that  Burr  was  a  true  and 
loyal  subject  to  the  sovereign  people  of  these 
United  States  ?  I  have  no  such  design  ;  though 
I  must  confess,  that  if  I  had  the  power  to  exe- 
cute so  difficult  a  project,  I  would  with  pleasure 
employ  it.  I  should  be  happy  to  obliterate  a 
stain  from  the  annals  of  my  country,  and  a  blot 
from  the  fame  of  a  fellow-citizen.  I  should  be 
glad  also  to  be  always  victorious  in  argument, 
if  I  could  admit  that  success  was  the  test  of 
truth.  But  this  I  do  not  beheve.  I  will  tell 
you  what  I  do  believe.  I  beheve  that  nine- 
tenths  of  Burr's  adherents  knew  no  more  about 
his  projects  than  you,  and  I,  and  all  the  world  ; 
and  that  those  who  do  know  any  thing,  to  his 
or  their  own  disadvantage,  will  be  wise  enough 
to  keep  their  own  counsel.  But  if  I  cannot 
tell  you  what  Colonel  Burr  intended  to  do,  I 
can  relate  what  he  did  j  for  here  I  am  in  sight 
of  the  deserted  fields  and  dilapidated  mansion 
of  the  unfortunate  Blannerhasset !  That  this 
fairy  spot,  created  by  nature  in  one  of  her 
kindest  moods,  and  embellished  by  the  hand 
of  art,  was  once  the  elegant  retreat  of  a  philo- 
sophic mind,  has  already  been  told  in  language 


burr's  conspiracy.  107 

which  I  need  not  attempt  to  emulate.  But 
alas  !  I  cannot  now  recognise  the  taste  of  Blan- 
nerhasset,  or  realise  the  paradise  of  Wirt.  All 
is  ruin,  solitude,  and  silence !  Thev  are  sone 
who  made  the  wilderness  to  smile. 

Blannerhasset  was  an  Irish  gentleman  of 
easy  fortune — a  man  devoted  to  science,  who 
retired  from  the  world,  in  the  hope  of  finding 
happiness  in  the  union  of  literary  and  rural 
occupation.  He  selected  this  island  as  his 
retreat,  and  spared  no  expense  in  beautifying 
and  improving  it.  He  is  described  as  having 
been  retired  in  his  habits,  amiable  in  his  pro- 
pensities, greatly  addicted  to  chemical  studies, 
and  a  passionate  lover  of  music.  In  this  ro- 
mantic spot,  and  in  these  innocent  pursuits,  he 
lived  5  and,  to  crown  the  enchantment  of  the 
scene,  a  wife,  who  is  said  to  have  been  lovely,  even 
beyond  her  sex,  and  graced  with  every  accom- 
plishment that  could  render  it  irresistible,  had 
blessed  him  with  her  love,  and  made  him  the 
father  of  her  children.  But  Blannerhasset,  in 
an  evil  hour,  became  acquainted  with  Burr — he 
imbibed  the  poison  of  his  ambition,  became 
involved  in  his  intrigues,  and  shared  his  ruin — 


108  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

a  ruin  as  complete,   desolate  and  hopeless,  as 
his  former  state  had  been  serene  and  bright. 

Whatever  were  Burr's  intentions,  it  is  cer- 
tain that  they  embraced  schemes  so  alluring  or 
so  magnificent  as  to  win  the  credulous  Blanner- 
hasset  from  the  abstraction  of  study  and  the 
blandishments  of  love.  This  island  became  the 
centre  of  operations.  Here  arms  were  deposited 
and  men  collected  ;  and  here,  assembled  round 
their  watch  fires,  young  gentlemen,  who  "  had 
seen  better  days,"  and  "  sat  at  good  men's 
feasts,"  endured  all  the  rigours  of  the  climate 
and  the  privations  of  a  campaign,  rewarding 
themselves  in  anticipation  with  the  honours 
of  war  and  the  wealth  of  Mexico.  Burr  and 
Blannerhasset  were  the  master  spirits  who 
planned  their  labours  ;  Mrs.  Blannerhasset  was 
the  light  and  life  of  all  their  social  joys.  If  treason 
matured  its  dark  designs  in  her  mansion,  here 
also  the  song,  the  dance,  and  the  revel  dis- 
played their  fascinations.  The  order  of  arrest 
was  the  signal  of  dispersion  to  this  ill  fated 
band  ;  and  it  is  said  that  the  lovely  mistress 
of  this  fairy  scene,  the  Calypso  of  this  enchanted 
isle,  was  seen  at  midnight  *' shivering  on   the 


burr's  conspiracy.  lOO 

winter  banks  of  the  Ohio,"  mingling  her  tears 
with  its  waters,  ekiding  by  stratagem  the  minis- 
ters of  justice,  and  destitute  of  the  comforts 
of  Ufe,  and  the  solace  of  that  hospitality  which 
she  had  once  dispensed  with  such  graceful 
liberality. 

I  believe  it  is  not  doubted  that  Burr  intended 
to  have  attempted  the  conquest  of  Mexico.  A 
large  portion  of  the  people  of  that  country, 
were  supposed  to  be  waiting  only  for  a  favour- 
able opportunity  to  throw  off  the  Spanish  yoke. 
The  Americans,  as  their  neighbours,  and  as 
republicans,  would  it  was  thought  be  received 
without  suspicion  ;  nor  would  Burr  have  un- 
folded his  ultimate  design  until  it  should  be 
too  late  to  prevent  its  accomplishment.  He 
would  then  have  established  a  monarchy,  at  the 
head  of  which  would  have  been  King  Aaron 
the  First.  I  am  told  that  the  young  gentle- 
men who  were  proceeding  to  join  him,  often 
amused  themselves  on  this  subject  ;  talking, 
half  in  jest  and  half  in  earnest,  of  the  offices 
and  honours  which  awaited  them.  Titles  and 
places  were  already  lavishly  distributed  in  an- 
ticipation ;  and  Mrs.  — — ,  who  was  an  accom- 


110  LETTERS    FROM  THE  WEST. 

plished  and  sprightly  woman,  had  arranged  the 
dresses  and  ceremonies  of  the  court.  When 
the  alarm  was  given,  and  orders  were  issued  for 
the  arrest  of  Burr  and  his  adherents,  they  were 
obliged  to  resort  to  a  variety  of  expedients  to 
escape  detection.  At  Fort  Massac,  and  other 
places,  all  boats  descending  the  river  were  com- 
pelled to  stop  and  undergo  strict  examination, 
to  the  great  vexation  of  boatmen  and  peace- 
able voyagers,  who  were  often  obliged  to  land 
at  unseasonable  hours.  Very  diligent  inquiry 
was  made  for  the  lady  I  have  just  mentioned, 
who  several  times  narrowly  escaped  detection, 
through  her  own  ingenuity  and  that  of  her 
companions. 

Adieu. 


TRAVELLERS,  AND  THEIR  TREATMENT.  Ill 


LETTER  VT. 

TRAVELLERS,    AND    THEIR    TREATMENT. 

I  HAD  not  been  long  on  board  the  boat  when 
I  discovered  that  its  progress  was  frequently  so 
slow  as  to  allow  me  to  make  short  excursions  on 
the  shore.  Such  opportunities  were  too  precious 
to  be  neglected.  Accordingly,  equipped  in  a 
light  summer-dress,  with  a  fowling-piece  on  my 
shoulder,  I  invaded  sometimes  one  bank,  and 
sometimes  the  other,  waging  war  against  the 
squirrels  of  Virginia,  Ohio,  or  Kentucky,  as 
was  most  convenient.  Thus  I  gained  sport 
and  healthful  exercise,  and  procured  a  grateful 
addition  to  my  frugal  meals.  In  these  digres- 
sions, I  frequently  encountered  the  inhabitants, 
and  could  make  inquiries  respecting  the  coun- 
try. At  their  cabins  I  could  always  procure 
a  refreshing  draught  of  milk,  as  well  as  a  dish 


112  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

of  conversation :  and  if  I  had  found  nothing 
else,  I  should  have  been  compensated  for  my 
trouble  in  gazing  at  the  droves  of  chubby  chil- 
dren, who  are  mentioned  in  the  Navigator  as 
a  staple  commodity  of  the  country.  They  are 
almost  as  abundant  as  the  squirrels ;  and  as 
plump  and  active  as  health,  hard  fare,  and 
exercise  can  make  them.  By  walking  at  a 
brisk  pace  along  the  shore,  I  could  keep  in 
advance  of  the  boat  when  the  men  were  not 
rowing,  and  could  pop  over  the  squirrels,  talk 
to  the  men,  take  a  peep  at  the  women,  and 
kiss  the  children,  while  jogging  on  my  way. 
This  is  pleasanter,  and  far  more  profitable,  than 
lolling  in  a  stage-coach  with  one's  arms  folded, 
or  reading  newspapers  in  the  cabin  of  a  steam- 
boat ;  nor  do  I  envy  the  traveller  who  would 
not  deviate  from  his  path  to  chat  with  a  back- 
woodsman, or  peep  at  a  Kentucky  beauty. 

On  these  occasions,  I  had  opportunities  of 
examining  into  the  correctness  of  some  of  the 
assertions  made  by  English  travellers.  They 
describe  our  people  in  the  humbler  walks  of 
life  as  possessing  a  certain  surly  indepen- 
dence, which  they  delight  to  display  on  every 


TRAVELLERS    AND    THEIR    TREATMENT.       113 

occasion,  which  induces  them  to  insult  a  well 
dressed  stranger,  whenever  they  get  an  oppor- 
tunity, and  to  render  any  services  which  they 
are  called  upon  to  perform,  with  an  air  of  doing 
a   favour  ;    so    that  while   they   pocket  your 
money,  they  remind  you  that  they  are   your 
equals.     With  regard  to  the  want  of  affability 
alleged  by  foreigners,  I  can  say,  with  sincerity, 
that  I  have  travelled  from  the  St.  Lawrence  to 
the  Potomac,  and  from  the  shores  of  the  Atlan- 
tic to  those  of  the  Mississippi,  without  observing 
it.      I  have   never    proposed  a  civil   question 
to    an    American    without    receiving    a   civil 
answer  ;    and  I  have  seldom  entered  his  dwel- 
ling without  partaking  of  its  hospitality.    I  have 
more  than  once,  in  consequence  of  accidents 
to  which  all  travellers  are  liable,   been  thrown 
upon  the  kindness  of  strangers  ;  yet  never  did  I 
know  my  countrymen  deny  the  sacred  claims  of 
a    stranger  in   distress.      At  their   taverns,  or 
their  private  houses,   a  man  of  decent  appear- 
ance  and    civil    deportment    will  always    be 
kindly  and  respectfully  received.     So  long  as 
he  behaves  like  a  gentleman,  he  will   receive 
the  treatment  due  to  his  character  j  his  privacy 

I 


114i  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

will  not  be  interrupted,  his  feelings   hurt,   or 
his  peace  disturbed.     Whatever  he  asks  for  in 
a   civil  manner,  will  be  furnished  him,  if  pos- 
sible ;  but  if  it  cannot  be  procured,  he  must 
take  what   he  can  get  without  complaining  ; 
for  the  moment  he  abuses  the  country,  com- 
plains of  his  fare,   or  attempts  in  any  manner 
to  coerce  or  criminate  those  around  him,   he 
excites  a  spirit  which  it  is  much  more  easy  to 
arouse  than  to  allay. 

It  is  to  be  recollected  that  in  the  United  States 
independence  is  not  nominal — it  is  actual,  defined, 
and  in  the  possession  of  every  individual.     It 
is  not  confined  to  civil  and  political  riglits,  but 
extends  to  every  sphere  of  human  action  ;  we 
are   not  only  independent  of  foreign   govern- 
ments,  as  a  nation,   but  of  our    rulers   as   a 
people,  and  of  each  other  as  men.     There  is  no 
class  so  powerful,  no  individual  so  popular,  as 
to  be  able  to  carry  a  pubUc  measure  over  our 
heads :  the  power  is  emphatically  in  the  people, 
who,  while  they  cheerfully  submit  the  ordinary 
concerns   of  government  into    the    hands    of 
leading  men,  who  are  better  qualified  to  rule 
than  themselves,  feel  and  know  their  own  su- 


TRAVELLERS  AND  THEIR  TREATMENT.        115 

premacy,  and  fail  not  to  exercise  it,  whenever 
their  interests  are  jeopardized.  We  have  no 
individuals  who  are  necessarily  dependent  upon 
others  for  support — no  depressing  poverty  and 
overmastering  wealth.  The  results  are  evident ; 
those  who  are  obliged  to  labour,  or  to  serve 
others,  can  choose  their  occupations  and  their 
employers — can  stipulate  prices,  and  negociate 
for  terms.  Masters  are  more  abundant  than 
servants ;  there  are  more  who  wish  to  employ 
others,  than  to  be  employed  j  and  as  none  are 
forced  to  earn  a  precarious  livelihood,  by  pur- 
suing a  given  calling,  or  serving  a  particular 
individual,  the  baseness  of  servility  is  unknown. 
Can  a  man  be  expected  to  cringe  where  he 
may  bargain?  or  to  fawn  where  he  has  only 
to  name  his  hire,    and  perform  his    duty? 

On  the  other  hand,  this  entire  equality  of 
rights  prevents  that  insolence  on  the  part  of  infe- 
riors which  it  has  been  supposed  to  generate.  As 
there  is  no  tyranny  on  the  one  part,  there  is  no 
feeling  of  oppression  on  the  other ;  and  where 
there  is  no  overbearing  superiority,  there 
can  be  no  source  of  humiliation.  Pride  dare 
not  insult  poverty,  because  poverty  is  stronger 
than  pride,  and  will  trip  up  her  heels  if  she 

I  2 


116  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

give  herself  airs.  Where  the  rich  never  oppress 
the  poor — where  the  tenant  of  a  tattered  suit, 
is  not  insulted  by  the  jeers  of  his  more  fortunate 
fellow  worm,  who  is  clad  in  purple^  and  fares 
sumptuously — no  jealousy  is  engendered,  no 
corroding  hate  is  rankling  at  the  heart  of  the 
inferior,  ready  to  burst  forth  upon  the  first 
occasion  ;  there  is  nothing  to  resent,  and  there- 
fore no  resentment  is  displayed.  In  countries 
where  the  poor  are  kept  in  subjection,  where 
they  see  distinctions,  endure  oppression,  and 
suffer  insult,  they  may  view  the  rich  with 
malignant  hatred.  Those  who  have  been  ac- 
customed to  such  a  state  of  society  may  believe 
it  to  be  universal ;  and,  speculating  upon  the 
probable  results  of  equal  rights,  and  the  effect 
which  the  enjoyment  of  those  rights  would 
have  upon  the  manners  and  morals  of  the 
ignorant,  have  imagined  that  to  exist  in  fact, 
which  really  exists  only  in  their  own  theory.  The 
hypothesis  is  correct  enough  in  the  abstract ; 
but  when  applied  to  us,  it  is  removed  from  its 
legitimate  foundation,  and  built  up  upon 
assumed  positions  and  false  estimates,  and 
becomes  a  "  baseless  fabric." 

Englishmen,   and  indeed  the  gentlemen  of 


TRAVELLERS  AND  THEIR  TREATMENT.       117 

our  cities,  receive  rough  treatment  in  the  west, 
from  their  ignorance  or  intentional  disregard  of 
these  principles.  They  go  snarling  through 
the  country,  as  if  disdaining  the  soil  on  which 
they  tread,  and  literally  qucni^eUing  with  their 
bread  and  butter,  although  conscious  that  it  is 
the  best  which  can  be  had.  Whether  invited 
to  share  the  plain  repast  of  the  hunter,  or 
seated  at  the  plentiful  table  of  the  hotel,  they 
are  dissatisfied  because  they  have  not  the  deli- 
cacies of  an  eastern  city,  and  rail  at  the  poverty 
of  the  country  and  the  coarseness  of  its  pro- 
visions. The  individual  who  behaves  in  this 
way  is  at  once  set  down  to  be  no  gentleman^ 
for  the  people  have  acuteness  to  know  that  the 
politeness  of  a  well  bred  man  will  accommodate 
itself  to  every  society  in  which  he  may  be 
placed,  will  induce  him  to  receive  the  coarsest 
food  with  complacency,  and  to  be  grateful  for 
the  most  awkward  attempts  which  evince  a 
desire  to  please  ;  but  if  these  gentlemen  are 
not  sufficiently  well  bred  to  know  how  to  con- 
duct themselves,  prudence  might  dictate  the 
course  for  them  to  pursue.  A  slight  acquaint- 
ance with  the  temper  of  our  people  is  sufficient 
to   convince   the  most  careless  observer,  that 


118  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

one  of  the  leading  traits  in  the  character  of  a 
western  American,  or,  indeed  an  eastern  one 
is,  "  to  give  as  good  as  he  gets."  With  a 
stranger,  he  is  equally  ready  to  shake  hands  or 
to  quarrel,  as  he  finds  him  in  the  humour ;  if 
the  traveller  is  good  tempered,  he  treats  him 
well — if  testy,  he  delights  to  tease  him — if  im- 
pudent, it  is  ten  to  one  but  he  flogs  him. 
Sensible  and  civil  men  are  well  treated  and 
well  pleased,  while  the  captious  man  is  vexed 
and  crossed  at  every  step. 

It  is  not  to  be  forgotten,  howe\^er,that  you  may 
make  remarks  freely,  in  the  west,  if  you  do  it 
pleasantly.  A  gentleman  who  remarked  in 
one  of  their  taverns  that  "  he  had  been  obliged 
to  eat  bacon  until  he  was  ashamed  to  look  a  pig 
in  the  face,*'  was  greeted  with  a  smile ;  but  if 
he  had  used  any  coarse  language  in  regard  to 
that  popular  and  respectable  dish,  the  affront 
might  have  been  swallowed  as  reluctantly  as 
the  bacon. 

A  writer  in  the  Edinburgh  Review  says  of 
the  people  of  the  western  country,  **  They  are 
hospitable  to  strangers,  because  they  are  seldom 
troubled  mth  them,  and  because  they  have 
plenty  of  maize  and  smoked  hams.     Their  hospi- 


TRAVELLERS  AND  THEIR  TREATMENT.       119 

tality,  too,  is  always  accompanied  with  imperti- 
ncnt  questions y  and  a  disgusting  display  of  national 
vanity P  If  the  writer  of  this  precious  scrap 
had  ever  visited  the  country  he  hbels,  he  would 
have  known  that  it  contains  as  many  distinct 
falsehoods  as  could  be  conveniently  crowded 
into  so  brief  a  paragraph.  No  country  is  more 
*' troubled"  with  strangers  than  this;  they 
swarm  the  land,  spreading  themselves  over  it 
in  every  direction ;  every  stream  is  traced, 
every  forest  explored,  and  the  taverns  of  every 
little  village  filled  and  overflowing  with  the 
crowds  brought  hither  by  emigration,  by 
curiosity,  or  by  business.  Many  of  these  are 
needy  adventurers  from  the  very  land  whose 
writers  thus  defame  us,  who,  destitute  of  the 
means  of  subsistence,  and  ignorant  of  the 
country,  are  indebted  to  its  inhabitants  for  food 
to  support,  and  advice  to  guide  their  steps. 
The  hospitality  of  the  west,  is  best  known  to 
those  who  have  experienced  it : 

"  Meat  for  keen  famine,  and  the  generous  juice 
That  warms  chill  life,  her  charities  produce." 

But  if  that  hospitality  is  caused  by  tlie  abun- 


120  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

dance  with  which  Heaven  has  blessed  our  pro- 
lific country,  it  springs  from  that  which  I  sus- 
pect seldom  troubles  these  Scotch  gentry,  and 
whose  charities,  by  the  same  rule,  ought  to  be 
very  sparing.       The  critic  might  have   found 
a  better  reason ;  it  is  that  their  hearts  are  as 
generous  as  they  are  brave — the  latter  quality 
not   being    denied    them    even    in    *'  the    fast 
anchor'd  isle."     The  same  spirit  which  glowed 
at  Chippeway,  on    Lake    Erie,    and    at    New 
Orleans,   still   illumines   the   shadows   of    our 
western  forests  ;  in   war   it   produced    daring 
achievements — in  peace  it  warms  the  heart  to 
deeds  of  charity  and  mercy. 

If  a  foreigner,  in  passing  through  our  coun- 
try, grasps  at  every  occasion  to  make  invidious 
comparisons,  sneering  at  its  population,  manners, 
and  institutions,  and  extolling  those  of  his  own 
native  land,  nothing  is  said  of  national  vanity. 
When  it  was  determined  in  England  to  tear 
the  "  striped  bunting''  from  the  mast-heads  of 
our  "  fir-built  frigates  ''  and  to  "  sweep  the 
Yankee  cock-boats  from  the  ocean,"  no  national 
vanity  was  displayed  at  all ;  when  the  very  Re- 
view in  question  tells  us   that  England  is  the 


TRAVELLERS  AND  THEIR  TREATMENT.       121 

bulwark  of  religion,  the  arbiter  of  the  fates  of 
kingdoms,  tlie  last  refuge  of  freedom,  there  is 
no  national  vanity  in  the  business — not  a  spice. 
But  if  a  plain  backwoodsman  ventures  to 
praise  his  own  country,  because  he  finds  all  his 
wants  supplied,  and  his  rights  defended,  while 
he  is  not  pestered  with  tax-gatherers  and  ex- 
cisemen, is  not  devoured  by  fox-hunting  priests, 
pensioners,  and  paupers,  sees  no  dragoons  gal- 
loping about  his  cottage,  and  is  allowed  to  vote 
for  whom  he  pleases  to  represent  him — all  of 
which  he  has  good  reason  to  believe  is  ordered 
differently  in  another  country — this  is  a  *'  dis- 
gusting display  of  national  vanity.''  If  he  ven- 
tures to  exhibit  a  shattered  limb,  or  a  breast 
covered  with  scars,  and  to  tell  that  he  received 
these  honourable  marks  in  defence  of  his  native 
land,  on  an  occasion  when  the  "  best  troops  in 
the  ivorkP'  fled  before  the  valour  of  undisci- 
plined freemen,  led  by  a  Jackson  or  a  Brown, 
this  is  very  disgusting. 

The  fact  is,  that  English  travellers,  and 
English  people  in  general,  who  come  among  us, 
forget  that  the  rest  of  the  world  are  not  as 
credulous  and  gullible  as  themselves ;    and  are 


122        LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

continually  attempting  to  impose  fictions  upon 
us,  which  we  refuse  to  credit.  They  seem  not 
to  be  aware,  that  we  are  a  reading  people,  and 
would  convince  us  that  they  are  a  wise,  valiant, 
and  virtuous  people,  beloved  and  respected  by 
all  the  world,  while  we  are  an  ignorant  idle  set 
of  boobies,  for  whom  nobody  cares  a  farthing. 
They  tell  us  how  happy  and  comfortable  every 
body  is  in  England,  and  what  a  poor,  forlorn, 
forsaken,  miserable  set  we  are,  who  have  had  the 
misfortune  to  be  born  in  a  neiv  country,  and 
never  saw  a  king,  a  lord,  or  a  hangman.  One 
of  them  told  me  that  he  had  never  heard  of  the 
battle  of  New  Orleans,  until  he  came  to 
America  several  years  after  it  was  fought,  and 
that  the  British  nation  had  hardly  ever  heard 
of  the  war  with  America.  Now,  when  we  refuse 
to  credit  these  things,  and  flatly  deny  them,  as 
we  often  do,  we  are  set  down  as  a  conceited, 
vain  people,  who  presume  to  think  for  ourselves, 
and  to  believe  that  we  know  something,  when  a 
prating  renegade  or  a  venal  reviewer  shall 
pronounce  us  fools.  John  Bull  forgets  that  his 
own  vanity  is  a  source  of  merriment  with  the 
rest  of  the  world. 


TRAVELLERS  AND  THEIR  TREATMENT.        123 

During  my  jaunt  I  have  entered  freely  the 
meanest  habitations,  and  conversed  famiUarly 
with  the  most  indigent  of  the  people ;  but 
never  have  I  received  a  rude  nor  an  indecorous 
reply.  When  I  approached  the  door  of  the 
rudest  hut,  I  was  invited  to  enter,  a  seat  was 
handed  me,  and  if  the  family  was  eating,  I  was 
pressed  to  partake  of  their  meal.  However 
homely  their  fare  might  be,  they  neither  seemed 
ashamed  to  offer  nor  unwilling  to  share  it.  At 
the  little  cabins  along  the  river,  we  paid  reason- 
able prices  for  bread,  butter,  milk,  and  other 
articles,  which  we  purchased;  but  they  seldom 
charged  for  what  we  ate  in  their  houses ;  and 
when  I  penetrated  a  little  farther  into  the 
country,  among  the  respectable  farmers,  they 
seemed  offended  at  being  offered  money  for 
what  we  procured  from  them.  ■ 

Returning  from  one  of  these  excursions,  I 
was  overtaken  by  the  night,  and  found  my  path 
obstructed  by  a  deep  inlet  from  the  river, 
which  being  choked  with  logs  and  brush,  could 
not  be  crossed  by  swimming.  Observing  a 
house  on  the  opposite  side,  I  called  for  as- 
sistance.    A  half  naked,  ill-looking  fellow  came 


124  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

down,  and  after  dragging  a  canoe  round  from 
the  river  with  some  trouble,  ferried  me  over, 
and  I  followed  him  to  his  habitation,  near  to 
which  our  boat  was  moored  for  the  night.  His 
cabin  was  of  the  meanest  kind,  consisting  of  a 
single  apartment,  constructed  of  logs,  which 
contained  a  family  of  seven  or  eight  souls,  and 
every  thing  seemed  to  designate  him  as  a  new 
and  unthrifty  settler.  After  drinking  a  bowl 
of  milk,  which  I  really  called  for  by  way  of 
excuse  for  paying  him  a  little  more  for  his 
trouble,  I  asked  to  know  his  charge  for  ferry- 
ing me  over  the  water,  to  which  he  good 
humouredly  replied,  that  he  "never  took 
money  for  helping  a  traveller  on  his  way." 
**  Then  let  me  pay  you  for  your  milk."  "  I 
never  sell  milk."  "  But,"  said  I,  urging  him, 
"  I  would  rather  pay  you,  I  have  money 
enough."  **  Well,"  said  he,  '*  I  have  milk 
enough,  so  we're  even  ;  I  have  as  good  a  right 
to  give  you  milk,  as  you  have  to  give  me  money." 
In  my  visits  to  these  people,  I  sometimes  in- 
quired minutely  respecting  their  employments, 
their  prospects,  and  their  health,  and  have 
always  found  them  sufficiently  communicative. 


TRAVELLERS    AND    THEIR    TREATiMENT.      125 

They  not  only  spoke  frankly  of  their  own  con- 
cerns, and  of  all  that  transpired  within  the 
little  sphere  of  their  own  neighbourhood,  but 
could,  most  of  them,  crive  accurate  accounts  of 
distant  places.  Their  opinions  are  given 
promptly,  and  with  the  utmost  sincerity,  for 
nothing  would  be  viewed  among  them  with 
more  indignation  than  an  attempt  to  mislead 
a  stranger.  I  was  often,  it  is  true,  obliged  to 
submit  in  return  to  a  similar  inquisition  ;  but 
it  is  the  custom  :  and  though  the  people  are  not 
intrusive  or  troublesome  to  those  who  do  not 
seek  their  society,  yet  if  you  commence  a  con- 
versation, they  expect  it  to  be  continued  upon 
terms  of  equality.  A  traveller  might  pass  from 
Pittsburgh  to  St.  Louis  without  being  asked 
a  question,  except  those  relating  to  the  sjtate 
of  roads  or  rivers,  or  such  other  subjects  as 
strangers,  when  thrown  together,  may  with 
propriety  speak  of  to  each  other :  true,  he 
might  meet  with  a  wag,  or  an  impudent  fellow : 
but  such  an  incident,  which  might  happen  in 
any  part  of  the  world,  should  not  be  allowed 
to  have  any  bearing  upon  the  character  of  a 
people. 


126  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

The  surly  wight,  therefore,  who  wrapt  in 
his  reflections  fancies  himself  journeying  among 
"  strange  cold  hearts,"  and  shrinks  from  an  inter- 
course which  he  believes  will  produce  him  neither 
benefit  nor  pleasure — whose  suspicious  temper 
induces  him  to  look  upon  human  nature  with 
an  eye  of  doubt  and  fear,  or  whose  pride  repels 
the  unauthorized  familiarity  of  honest  indigence 
— who,  in  short,  keeps  a  herald's  office  in  his 
own  bosom,  and  measures  his  civilities  according 
to  the  rank  of  his  companion — may  enjoy  the 
solitude  and  taciturnity  he  covets.  He  might 
even  pass  unnoticed,  unless,  indeed,  a  waggish 
boatman  should  remark,  as  I  heard  one  of  them 
on  a  similar  occasion,  that  he  "  kept  his  mouth 
shut  for  fear  of  getting  his  teeth  sun-burnt." 
How  much  more  amiable  is  the  conduct  of  the 
tourist,  who,  feeling  himself  interested  in  the 
country  through  which  he  is  passing,  and 
knowing  that  he  can  only  become  acquainted 
with  its  character  by  a  familiar  intercourse 
with  the  people,  endeavours  to  make  himself  an 
acceptable  guest  in  every  circle  5  who  enters 
into  the  diversions  and  employments  of  those 
around  him  ;  who  looks  on  men  as  his  fellow- 


TRAVELLERS    AND    THEIR    TREATMENT.      \T^ 

creatures,  whose  virtues  please  him,  and  whose 
vices  he  deplores ;  who  accepts  the  hospitality 
of  the  peasant  as  cheerfully  as  that  of  the 
planter,  and  can  say  to  each, 

*'  I  take  thy  courtesy,  by  Heaven, 
As  freely  as  'tis  nobly  given  !" 

How  amiable  too,  must  be  the  character  of  that 
people,  who,  acting  upon  the  rule  that  a  polite 
deportment  is  the  best  letter  of  introduction, 
neither  suspect  nor  repel  the  traveller  who 
wears  the  exterior  of  decency  and  carries 
the  stamp  of  candour  in  his  visage  ;  who  make 
a  companion  of  the  stranger,  and  cheer  the 
heart  of  the  wayfaring  man. 

You  must  recollect,  that  the  most  secluded 
spots  in  this  country  are  visited  by  intelligent 
strangers,  who  must  naturally  be  desirous  of 
examining  into  the  very  points  which  so  many 
persons  have  traversed  the  land  to  investigate, 
and  so  many  books  have  been  written  to  ex- 
plain. In  the  dwellings  of  the  wealthy,  such 
persons  may  remark  the  abundance,  and  admire 
the  intelligence,  which  prevails  ;  but  they  must 
seek  in  humbler   scenes  for  Jirst  causes  and 


128  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

minute  details ;  they  must  trace  out  and  analyse 
the  distant  fountain  in  its  native  cave,  follow 
its  sinuosities,  and  mark  its  accumulating 
course,  before  they  are  competent  to  delineate 
the  distinct  traits  which  form  the  character  of 
the  majestic  stream.  They  inquire,  therefore, 
into  all  the  little  details  respecting  the  settler's 
origin,  emigration,  and  settlement,  the  increase 
of  his  wealth  and  family,  and  the  final  result  of 
his  exertions.  Now,  certainly,  it  is  not  sur- 
prising that  the  man  who  is  frequently  required 
to  answer  such  questions,  should  sometimes 
undertake  to  ask  them  j  nor  is  it  more  so  that 
a  plain  man  should  put  his  interrogatories  in 
direct  and  rather  homely  language,  such  as, 
"  Stranger,  if  it's  no  offence,  what  might  be 
your  father  and  mother's  name  ?  what  parts 
are  you  from  ?"  &c.  This  is  natural  enough  in  a 
free  country  ;  and  as  it  evinces  an  honest  inde- 
pendence, and  shews  that  a  man  is  not  afraid 
of  his  guest,  nor  ashamed  of  himself,  I  confess 
I  am  not  displeased  with  it.  Every  thing  con- 
nected with  the  settlement,  growth,  and  im- 
provement of  this  country  is  interesting,  as 
well  to  the  traveller  as  to  the  inhabitant.   Those 


TRAVELLERS    AND    THEIR    TREATMENT.      129 

who  have  not  the  opportunity  of  gaining  such 
intelhgence  by  their  own  observation,  must 
ehcit  it  from  others  who  have  had  that  ad- 
vantage J  and  in  such  conversations  they  cannot 
avoid  being  minute  and  personal  in  their  in- 
quiries. To  form  an  opinion  of  the  productive- 
ness of  the  country,  you  must  ask  the  settler 
what  property  he  brought  with  him,  and  how 
much  lie  has  increased  it ;  whether  he  works 
liimself,  or  hires  labourers  ;  what  wages  he  pays 
his  hirelings,  and  whether  he  gives  them  pro- 
duce or  money  ;  whether  his  wife  makes  her 
own  cloth  or  buys  it,  &c.  To  judge  of  the 
climate  by  its  effects  on  him  and  his  family, 
you  wish  to  know  to  what  latitude  their  con- 
stitutions had  been  previously  accustomed  j  and 
you  inquire  the  number  and  ages  of  his  chil- 
dren, and  their  manner  of  living,  in  order  to 
decide  whether  their  healthful  or  sickly  appear- 
ance is  attributable  to  the  climate  or  to  their 
own  habits.  Now  all  these  are  impertinent 
questions,  which  one  gentleman  has  no  right  to 
ask  of  another ;  and  he  who  puts  them  to  our 
sturdy  citizens  must  expect  the  compliment  to 
be   returned  :    but   they    are  justified   by   the 

K 


130  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

motive,   and  that    motive   is  well  understood. 
The  settler  also  wishes  to  know  the  destination 
of  other  emigrants,  their  opinion  of  the  country 
they  have  left,  and  of  that  to  which  they  are 
going ;  the  progress  of  other  settlements,  com- 
pared with   his    own ;  the  productions   which 
succeed   best,    and    the    trades   which   flourish 
most.     It  is  not,  therefore,  always  an  idle  cu- 
riosity which  leads  him   to  inquire  your  rank, 
profession,  and  country  ;  and  when  he  asks  your 
name,  it  is  only  an  awkward  way  of  introducing 
the  subject.     It  should  be  added,  that  this  in- 
quisitive disposition,  if  it  can  be  so  called — this 
habit   of  asking   impertinent   questions,    as    the 
Edinburgh  Reviewer  will  have  it — is  only  found 
in  new  and  thinly  settled  neighbourhoods,  and 
amongst   uneducated   men.      Throughout  the 
older  and  better  improved  parts  of  the  western 
country,  the  traveller  would  find  himself  some- 
times    in    polished    and    always    in    civilized 
society,  recognizing  all  the   ordinary  rules  of 
decorum.     But  the  maize  and  smoked  ham  he 
must  be  content  to  encounter,  and  he  must  be 
worse  than  a  Jew  who  would  quarrel  with  such 
fare.    He  will  also  find  the  rapid  progress  of  the 


TRAVELLERS  AND  THEIR  TREATMENT.   131 

American  empire  ^  constant  theme  of  exulta- 
tion— the  policy,  statistics,  industry,  and  re- 
sources of  the  states,  subjects  of  conversation. 
To  those  frequent  and  free  discussions  must  we 
attribute  that  acuteness,  and  that  knowledge  of 
our  country,  for  which  the  Americans,  par- 
ticularly those  of  the  west,  are  remarkable. 
Foreigners  may  call  this  Jiational  vanity  :  so  let 
it  be  :  we  ^re  proud  of  our  country,  and  are  not 
ashamed  to  proclaim  that  pride :  but  so  long 
as  we  do  no  worse  than  talk  of  ourselves  and 
our  own  concerns,  the  tongue  of  the  slanderer 
should  be  silent. 


K 


O 


132  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 


LETTER  VII. 


HARD    NAMES  ;    ANTIQUITIES  ;    ANECDOTES. 

Five  miles  below  Blannerhassett's  Island,  is 
Little  Hockhocking  River ;  a  little  further  on 
we  have  Hockhocking  Island,  and  Great  Hock- 
hocking River.  This  would  seem  to  be  a  family 
name  among  the  streams  and  islets  of  this  sec- 
tion, or  at  least  to  have  been  a  favourite  appel- 
lation among  the  first  explorers  of  this  region. 
It  is  rather  a  jaw-breaking  word  ;  but  in  com- 
mon use  it  is  softened  by  a  device  similar  to 
that  of  the  good  lady  in  New  England,  whose 
son  was  named,  "  Throiigh-much-tribulatioji-ive 
come-into-the-kmgdom-of-heaven  ;  she  called  him 
*  Tribbyy  for  shortness  ;"  and  for  the  same  rea- 
son, probably,  the  word  "  Hocking'*  has  been 
substituted  for  its  stately  original.  A  town  has 
been  laid  out  at  the  mouth  of  the  latter  of  these 


HARD  NAMES. 


183 


streams,  called  Troy ;  and  on  its  banks,  about 
twenty-five  miles  off,  we  find  Athens,  said  to 
be  a  thriving  village,  with  an  academy,  situated 
in  a  fine  country.  If  Homer  could  be  permitted 
to  repass  the  Styx,  would  he  not  be  amused  at 
the  sight  of  modern  Troy  and  Athens  on  the 
shores  of  the  Hockhocking  ?  Think  you  a 
Grecian  tongue  could  compass  such  a  collection 
of  harsh  consonants  ? 

Ten  miles  lower  down,  and  near  the  mouth 
of  Shade  River,  is  the  Devil's  Hole,  a  remarkable 
cave  on  the  Ohio  side  of  the  river.  I  had  not 
time  to  visit  this  supposed  residence  of  his 
Satanic  majesty,  or  to  explore  the  banks  of  the 
modern  Styx. 

In  the  afternoon  we  passed  Le  Tart's  Rapids. 
Here  are  some  fine  farms  and  handsome  im- 
provements. At  the  foot  of  the  rapids  is  a  float- 
ing grist-mill;  the  chief  part  of  the  machinery 
is  erected  on  a  large  boat,  resembling  a  common 
scow,  which  also  supports  one  end  of  the  shaft 
of  the  water-wheel ;  the  other  end  is  supported 
by  a  small  sharp  boat,  lashed  at  a  sufficient 
distance,  and  devoted  to  this  purpose  alone.  On 
the  other  side  of  the  scow,  is  a  large  boat,  which 


134  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

receives  the  flour,  corn,  &c. ;  all  of  these  are 
lashed  firmly  together,  and  fastened  to  the 
shore,  and  the  water  rushing  between  them~ 
propels  the  wheel.  The  bend  of  the  river  at 
this  place  is  graceful,  and  adds  to  the  interest 
of  a  very  pleasing  prospect. 

We  passed  the  Rock  of  Antiquity  in  the  night, 
so  that  I  could  not  inspect  it.     It  stands  at  the 
water's  edge  on  the  right  side  of  the  river,  about 
three   miles  beloAV  the  Rapids,    and  takes   its 
name  from  some  ancient  sculpture,  which  ap- 
pears on  its  face,  supposed  to  be  the  work  of 
the  aborigines.     None  of  the  figures  are  now 
intelligible  but  one,  which  represents  a  man  in 
a  sitting  posture,  smoking  a  pipe  ;  our  uncul- 
tivated predecessors  have  left  so  few  memorials 
behind   them,  that   the  rudest  and  frailest  of 
their  monuments  arrest  attention.     The  rough 
penciling  of  a  savage  hand  has  excited  as  much 
interest    as    the  precious   relic   of  an   Italian 
master.     Even   this   sequestered   rock   has   at- 
tracted the  eye  of  the  curious  traveller.  For  my 
part,  I  am  not  fond  of  inanimate  curiosities  ;  but 
if  I  could  restore  the  fire  to  the  dark  eyes,  and 
the  gloss  to  the  raven   locks  of  some  of  the 


ANTIQUITIES.  135 

savasre  beauties,  who  once  "  wasted  their 
sweetness  on  the  desert  air'*  of  these  soli- 
tudes, I  would  gaze  at  their  wild  glances  with 
more  delight  than  ever  was  felt  by  a  virtuoso 
in  the  pantheons  or  the  catacombs.  I  love 
monuments ;  but  let  them  be  breathing  and 
blushing  monuments  of  animated  clay  ;  these  are 
noble  objects — one  of  which  is  worth  all  the 
mummies,  EgyptiaJi  heads,  and  Rob  Roy  purses 
in  Christendom,  and  all  the  rocks  and  stones 
that  ever  the  ingenuity  of  one  age  piled  up  to 
puzzle  the  curiosity  of  another. 

During  the  same  night,  we  passed  the  mouth 
of  the  Kenhawa  River,  Point  Pleasant,  and 
Galliopolis.  On  the  Kenhawa,  about  seventy 
miles  from  its  mouth,  salt  water  is  found  in 
abundance,  and  of  excellent  quality  ;  extensive 
manufactories  of  salt  have  been  in  operation 
here  for  many  years.  This  river,  however,  will 
be  better  known  to  the  historian,  from  the 
bloody  engagement  which  took  place  near  its 
mouth  in  the  year  1774,  between  the  British, 
under  Lord  Dunmore,  and  an  Indian  army  of 
the  Shawanoe,  Delaware,  Mingo,  and  other 
tribes.     This  war  is  more  usually  known  under 


136  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

the   title   of    "  Lewis's   Expedition,"    from    a 
Virginia  gentleman  of  that  name,  who  was  the 
active  and  conspicuous  leader,  although  Dun- 
more  was  the  nominal  commander.   The  Indian 
force  assembled  here,  was  not  less  than  a  thou- 
sand warriors,  a  body  more  numerous  than  they 
have  usually  been  able  to  collect  at  any  one 
point  against  the   whites.      It   was   after   this 
battle,  that  Logan,  a  chief  of  the  Delawares, 
sent  to  Lord   Dunmore  the  speech  which  has 
rendered  his  name  so  celebrated,  and  which  is 
considered  as  one  of  the  finest  displays  of  elo- 
quence upon  record.    Mr.  Jefferson,  w^ho  pre- 
served this  beautiful  effusion  of  native  feeling 
in  his  Notes  on    Virginia^  has  been  accused  of 
palming  upon  the  world  a  production  of  his 
own,  by  those  who  had  no  other  ground  for  the 
suspicion,  than   the   force   and  feeling  of  the 
composition  itself,  and  who  forgot  that  genuine 
eloquence   is  not  the  offspring  of  refinement. 
But  all  doubt  on  this  subject  has  been   long 
since  removed,  by  the  testimony  of  officers  who 
were  present  when  it  was  delivered,  and  who 
many  years   afterwards    remembered   the   im- 
pression made  upon  their  minds  by  the  affect- 


ANTIQUITIES.  137 

ing  appeal  of  the  unlettered  chieftain.  There 
are,  however,  strong  reasons  for  the  belief,  that 
Logan  himself  was  deceived  as  to  the  part 
supposed  to  have  been  taken  by  Colonel  Cres- 
saf  in  the  massacre  of  his  family,  and  that  some 
of  Cressaf's  men,  in  retaliation  for  an  attack 
made  previously  by  the  savages  upon  some 
traders,  perpetrated  this  murder  without  his 
knowledge.  Cressaf,  it  is  said,  was  not  in  the 
neighbourhood  at  the  time,  and  could  not  have 
known  of  the  sudden  broil  which  produced  a 
catastrophe  so  deeply  to  be  deplored. 

The  town  of  Galliopolis,  in  Ohio,  four  miles 
below  the  mouth  of  the  Kenhawa,  is  finely 
situated  on  a  high  bank,  and  commands  a  pretty 
view  of  the  river.  It  was  settled  about  thirty 
years  ago  by  about  a  hundred  French  families, 
who  sought  an  asylum  from  the  political  tem- 
pest which  devastated  their  native  country. 
They  purchased  a  large  tract  of  land  from  a 
company  who  had  obtained  a  grant  of  it  from 
the  United  States.  But  the  company  failing 
to  fulfil  the  conditions  of  their  contract,  the 
land  reverted  to  the  government,  and  the  unfor- 
tunate French  found,  too  late,  that  they  had 


138  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

been  duped.  Thus,  landless  and  in  a  strange 
country,  their  situation  was  truly  distressing ; 
but  Congress,  with  a  munificence  highly  hon- 
ourable to  the  nation,  interposed  to  save 
them  from  ruin,  and,  by  a  grant  of  twenty-four 
thousand  acres,  indemnified  them  in  part  for 
their  losses. 

On  the  morning  of  the  tw^enty-first  we  passed 
Guyundat  Village,  in  the  vicinity  of  which  we 
found  Big  Guyundat  River,  Little  Guyundat, 
and  Indian  Guyundat.  This  would  seem  to 
be  as  favourite  a  name  as  Hockhocking.  Just 
below  the  village,  we  overtook  one  of  those 
rude  skiffs  which  frequently  convey  emigrants 
to  the  west.  This  was  a  small  flat-bottomed 
boat,  of  the  simplest  construction,  about 
twelve  feet  long,  with  high  sides  and  a  roof. 
As  I  was  looking  out  for  a  friend,  who  in  a 
moment  of  whim  had  embarked  by  himself, 
a  few  days  before  me,  in  a  "  frail  tenement** 
like  the  one  in  sight,  I  took  our  small  boat  and 
rowed  towards  it,  but  was  not  a  little  surprised 
on  approaching  it,  to  discover,  instead  of  a 
young  gentleman,  a  grey-headed  man,  and  as 
grey    a    headed  woman,    tugging  deliberately 


ANECDOTES.  139 

at  the  oars.  This  primitive  couple  looked  as 
if  they  might  have  been  piillhig  together  down 
the  stream  of  life  for  half  a  century,  without 
having  grown  tired  of  each  other's  company; 
for  while  their  oars  preserved  a  regular 
cadence,  they  were  chatting  sociably  together, 
and  they  smiled  as  they  invited  me  into  their 
skiff.  I  confess  I  was  astonished  j  for,  much 
as  I  had  seen  of  the  carelessness  with  which 
my  countrymen  undertake  toilsome  journies, 
and  the  alacrity  with  which  they  change  their 
habitations,  I  was  not  prepared  to  behold 
without  surprise  old  age  and  enterprise  tra- 
velling together :  and  when  I  learned  that  this 
ancient  couple  were  seeking  a  new  home,  I  an- 
ticipated a  tale  of  banishment  and  sorrow.  The 
days  of  their  pilgrimage  had  not  been  feiv  and 
evil.  Neither  of  them  could  have  seen  much 
fewer  than  sixty  years,  and  both  were  withered, 
wrinkled,  and  apparently  decrepit ;  but  they 
were  sprightly  and  social,  and  spoke  of  clearing 
7iew  lands  in  the  wilderness,  with  a  confidence 
which  evinced  nothing  of  the  feebleness  or  in- 
decision of  old  age.  In  answer  to  my  inquiries, 
as  to  the  reasons  which  had  suggested  a  change 


140  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

of  residence,  the  old  man  observed,  in  a  care- 
less, ofF-hand  sort  of  way,  *'  Why,  Sir,  our  boys 
are  all  married,  and  gone  off,  and  bustling 
about  for  themselves ;  and  our  neighbours,  a 
good  many  of  'era's  gone  out  back,  and  so  the 
old  woman  and  me  felt  sort  o*  lonesome,  and 
thought  ive*d  go  too,  and  try  our  luck." 

"But,  my  friend,  it's  rather  late  in  the  day  for 
you  to  become  a  wanderer." 

**  Tut,  man,"  said  he,"  better  late  than  never 
— there  s  luck  in  leisure,  as  the  saying  is— and 
may  be  the  old  woman  and  me'll  have  as  good 
luck  as  any  of  them." 

This  was  followed  by  a  tender  of  the  whisky 
bottle  ;  and  after  drinking  to  our  better  ac- 
quaintance, should  we  meet  again  in  the  woods, 
we  parted.  Tell  me  no  more  of  antiquities  ; 
repeat  not  that  this  is  a  degenerate  age ! 
Here  were  the  right  sort  of  antiquities.  This 
old  Kentuckian,  who  at  the  age  of  sixty,  still 
dares  the  gloom  of  the  forest,  panting  for  newer 
lands  to  settle,  is  worth  a  hundred  dead  Greeks 
or  living  Scotch  Reviewers. 

22d.  This  morning  we  passed  Portsmoutli, 
a  small  village  in  the  Sciota  bottom.     A  httle 


ANECDOTES.  141 

below  this  I  landed  at  a  cabin,  where  the  good 
woman  was  nursing  a  child  with  a  sore  head. 
She  firmly  believed  that  the  eruption  could  not 
be  cured,  except  by  a  seventh  son. 

On  the  23d  we  passed  Maysville,  in  Ken- 
tucky, where  I  landed  to  throw  some  letters  into 
the  post-office,  but  had  not  time  to  make  any 
observations. 

About  sunset  we  landed  our  boat  on  the 
Kentucky  shore.  A  poor  negro,  who  had  lost 
both  his  feet,  but  still  moved  with  activity  on 
his  knees,  like  the  warrior  in  Chevy  Chace, 
who, 

*'  When  his  legs  were  smitten  off, 
Still  fought  upon  his  stumps," 

came  on  board  to  dispose  of  a  string  of  fish. 
One  of  the  passengers,  an  European,  whom  we 
had  picked  up  lately,  purchased  a  fishing  line 
from  him,  directing  the  fellow  to  call  again  for 
the  money  ;  but  when  he  came,  refused  to  pay 
the  stipulated  sum,  and  kept  the  poor  black 
wrangling  half  an  hour  about  a  few  cents. 
The  needy  cripple  was  at  last  compelled  to 
take   what  he   could  get,  and   hobbled  away. 


142  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

muttering  imprecations  against  the  stranger, 
whom  he  termed  "  a  mighty  poor  white  man  j'* 
an  expression  which,  in  the  mouth  of  a  negro, 
indicates  the  most  sovereign  contempt.  The 
blacks  entertain  a  high  respect  for  those  whom 
they  term  *^  gentlemen,"  and  apply  that  title 
with  a  good  deal  of  discrimination  j  but  '*poor 
white  folks"  they  cordially  despise.  I  regretted 
the  conduct  of  our  fellow-passenger,  because 
such  meanness  and  dishonesty  disgust  the 
person  who  suffers  by  it,  and  induces  him,  on 
subsequent  occasions,  to  treat  foreigners  with 
less  civility :  and  it  is  thus  that  the  miscon- 
duct of  travellers  provokes  our  people  into  acts 
of  rudeness,  which  make  them  appear  disad- 
vantageously  to  those  who  are  unacquainted 
with  the  cause  of  it.  It  was  a  vile  act.  The 
man  who  would  cheat  a  negro  would  purloin 
without  shame ;  he  who  would  wrong  a  poor 
cripple,  would  not  hesitate  to  commit  murder. 
Had  he  been  an  American,  I  should  have 
blushed  for  him  ;  as  it  was,  I  could  only  thank 
Heaven  he  was  not  my  countryman. 


GENERAL  PRESBY  NEVILLE.  H3 


LETTER  VIII. 

BIOGRAPHY    OF    GENERAL    PRESBY    NEVILLE. 

You  will  have  seen  already  that  it  is  not  my 
intention  to  confine  this  correspondence  within 
the  limits  of  any  fixed  plan,  or  to  enter  into 
any  of  those  elaborate  details  which  belong  to 
more  patient,  or  more  learned  investigators. 
I  shall  not  lay  down  courses  and  distances 
analyze  minerals,  or  describe  the  volant  or  the 
creeping  tribes  ;  but  when  an  amusing  anecdote 
or  a  precious  morsel  of  biography  presents  itself, 
I  shall  preserve  it  with  the  zeal  of  a  virtuoso. 
You  may  smile  when  I  mention  biography  as 
among  the  subjects  of  interest  in  a  western 
tour ;  but  you  have  yet  to  learn  that  your  tra- 
montane countrymen  cherish  among  them 
many  names  which  deserve  a  place  upon  the 
brightest  page  of  American  history  j  and  that 


144  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

those  rocky  barriers,  which  until  recently  have 
repelled  the  tide  of  emigration,  have  concealed 
behind  them  patriots  and  heroes,  whose  deeds 
would  give  dignity  to  any  age  or  country. 
Among  these,  not  the  least  conspicuous  was  a 
s:entleman  whose  name  is  familiar  to  me  from 
its  connexion  with  the  traditions  current 
among  the  inhabitants  of  that  part  of  western 
Pennsylvania  in  which  I  have  resided  for  seve- 
ral years  past.  His  history  recurred  to  me  this 
morning  as  we  passed  the  village  of  Neville. 

Here  were  passed  in  seclusion  the  last  years 
of  a  man  who  had  shone  in  the  brightest  circles, 
and  borne  a  conspicuous  character  in  public 
life.  General  Presby  Neville  w^as  born  in 
Virginia  in  the  year  IJ56  ;  he  received  the  rudi- 
ments of  his  education  at  Newark  academy,  in 
Delaware,  and  graduated  at  the  University  of 
Pennsylvania  in  1775,  when  he  received  an 
honour,  and  spoke  the  Latin  Sahitatorij  in  the 
presence  of  the  American  Congress.  Immedi- 
ately after  leaving  college,  he  abandoned  the 
idea  of  one  of  the  learned  professions,  with  a 
view  to  which  he  had  been  educated,  and  joined 
a  company  commanded  by  his  father,  the  late 


GENERAL  PRRSBY  NEVILLE.  14s5 

General  John  Neville,  then  stationed  at  Fort 
Pitt.  The  latter  gentleman  was  promoted 
about  this  time  to  the  rank  of  Lieutenant 
Colonel,  in  Colonel  Wood's  regiment  of  the 
Virginia  line,  and  his  son  obtained  command 
of  the  Colonel's  company,  with  rank  of  Captain 
Lieutenant.  He  marched  to  Boston  in  1775  ; 
and  passed  through  all  the  grades  to  the  rank  of 
Lieutenant  Colonel.  He  was  at  the  battles  of 
Brandywine,  Germantown,  Monmouth,  Prince- 
ton, and  Trenton,  and  indeed  in  most  of  the 
distinguished  actions  which  occurred,  and  was 
finally  taken  prisoner  at  the  surrender  of 
Charleston  in  South  Carolina,  and  remained  on 
parole  until  the  end  of  the  war. 

In  the  early  part  of  his  service,  he  was  aid- 
de-camp  to  Major  General  Stevens,  whom  he 
shortly  after  left,  "  to  follow  to  the  field  a  war- 
like lord."  La  Fayette  was  then  a  popular 
chief;  his  youth,  his  rank,  his  gallantry,  his 
foreign  lineage,  and  his  zeal  in  the  republican 
cause,  threw  an  air  of  romance  about  his 
achievements  which  rendered  him  the  favourite 
hero  of  every  circle,  while  his  amiable  deport- 
ment and  polite  accomplishments  endeared  him 


146  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

to  his  friends.  He  was  the  mirror  by  which  old 
men  advised  the  youthful  champions  of  that 
day  to  shape  their  manners.  Invited  into  his 
family  in  the  capacity  of  aid-de-camp,  Colonel 
Neville  became  the  bosom  friend  and  com- 
panion in  arms  of  the  gallant  Frenchman.  He 
remained  with  him  three  years,  sharing  with  him 
the  toils  of  war,  the  triumphs  of  victory,  and  the 
gratitude  of  emancipated  thousands.  Commu- 
nity of  danger  and  similarity  of  taste  produced 
an  ardent  friendship  between  these  young 
soldiers,  which  was  not  damped  by  separation, 
nor  cooled  by  the  shadows  of  old  age.  La 
Fayette,  after  spending  the  morning  of  his  life 
in  deeds  of  virtuous  daring,  retired  to  his  native 
country,  to  devote  its  evening  to  philosophic 
repose.  Neville  remained  on  the  busy  scene, 
but  an  intimate  correspondence  was  kept  up 
between  them  until  the  death  of  the  latter. 

At  the  close  of  the  revolutionary  war. 
General  Neville  married  the  daughter  of  the 
celebrated  General  Daniel  Morgan,  and  re- 
moved to  Pittsburgh,  where  he  spent  many 
years  in  affluence  and  happiness,  such  as 
rewarded  the  labours  of  but  few  of  the  veteran 


GENERAL  PRESBY  NEVILLE.        147 

founders  of  our  republic.  Here  he  was  elected 
to  the  General  Assembly,  once  it  is  believed  by 
an  unanimous  voice,  and  always  by  such  over- 
whelming majorities,  as  sufficiently  showed  his 
unbounded  and  merited  popularity.  He  con- 
tinued to  represent  tlie  county  of  Alleghany, 
until  his  fondness  for  domestic  life  induced 
him  to  retire.  He  was  several  times  nomi- 
nated as  a  candidate  for  Congress,  but  always 
declined  the  service. 

But  I  am  inexcusable  in  detaining  you  so  long 
with  a  detail  of  these  honours,  which  are,  or 
ought  to  be,  only  the  ordinary  rewards  of  merit : 
so  true  it  is  that  in  contemplating  the  trappings 
of  wealth  and  office,  we  forget  the  merits  of 
the  wearer.  The  most  captivating  traits  in  the 
character  of  General  Neville  are  yet  untold — 
to  depict  them,  we  must  pass  his  threshold,  and 
observe  him  in  that  circle  of  which  he  was  the 
centre,  soul,  and  life.  We  have  seen  that  he 
was  not  only  himself  a  revolutionary  hero,  but 
was  the  son  of  a  gallant  soldier,  and  the  son-in- 
law  of  one  of  our  most  distinguished  leaders. 
Imbibing  thus  a  military  spirit  with  his  dearest 
associations,  his  whole    heart  was    filled   with 

l2 


14i8  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

chivalric    ardour.       Fresh   from    the   study   of 
Greek  and  Roman  models,  he  had  phmged  into 
the  horrors  of  a  civil  war,  with  a  mind  teeming 
and  glowing  with  classic   images   of    military 
and  civic  virtue,  and  he  had  the  rare  felicity  of 
realizing  the  visions  of  his  fancy ;  in  Washing- 
ton, Hamilton,  and  La  Fayette,  he  saw  Athenian 
elegance,  combined  with  Spartan  virtue  ;  while 
Rome,  in  the  maturity  of  her  fame,  was  eclipsed 
by  the  youthful   vigour   of  American   valour. 
These  events,  operating  on  a  young  and  ardent 
heart,   contributed   to  nourish   and    expand   a 
romantic  loftiness  of  feeling,  which  gave  a  tone 
to  the  character    and  fortunes  of    the  future 
man.      He  thought,  felt,  and  acted  with   the 
pride,  the  enthusiasm,    and   the    energy  of   a 
soldier,  but  he  also  acted,  felt,  and  thought  on 
every  occasion  with  that  benevolence  which  is 
so  attractive  in  the  character  of  a  truly  brave 
man,   and   with   that   courtesy  which   belongs 
exclusively  to  the   well-bred  gentleman.     No 
man  could  boast  more  from  family  and  fortune, 
yet  no  man  ever  wore  his  honours  with  more 
becoming  gracefulness.     He  was  a  proud  man, 
but  his  pride   was  as  far  above   the  vanity  of 


GENERAL  PRESBY  NEVILLE.  1 49 

unmeaning  distinctions,  as  his  heart  was  above 
fear,  and  his  integrity  above  reproach.  He  was 
the  kmdest  of  human  beings  ;  there  were  a 
thousand  tendrils  about  his  heart,  that  con- 
tinually entwined  themselves  in  the  little  world 
around  him.  His  fancy  often  roved  abroad 
with  the  classic  poet,  and  loved  to  linger  with 
the  heroes  of  other  days ;  but  his  affections 
were  always  at  home.  No  man  was  too  great 
for  his  friendship,  none  too  insignificant  for  his 
kindness.  His  understanding  was  strong,  and 
highly  cultivated  ;  he  was  a  lover  and  patron 
of  the  arts  j  elegant  in  his  manners,  and  easy 
in  his  conversation. 

The  house  of  General  Neville  was  the  seat 
of  festivity,  and  hospitality  smiled  at  its  portals. 
It  was  resorted  to  by  the  gentry  of  those  days, 
as  a  temple  consecrated  to  conviviality  and 
intellectual  enjoyment,  whose  shrine  was  always 
accessible.  The  Cerberus  which  modern 
fashion  has  placed  at  the  doors  of  the  wealthy, 
to  snarl  at  indigent  merit,  was  then  unknown  ; 
nor  had  the  heartlessness  of  the  bo7i  toUy  con- 
trived that  ingenious  system  of  pasteboard  civil- 
ities, by  means  of  which  the  courtesies  of  social 


150  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

intercourse  are  now  so  cheaply  paid  and  re- 
ceived.     The    hospitalities    of  that    day  were 
substantial,  and  never  were  they  dispensed  with 
more  profusion  than  under  the  roof  of  General 
Neville.     Pittsburgh  and  its  vicinity  were  then 
but  thinly  populated,  and  houses  of  entertain- 
ment were  scarce.     Strangers  of  respectability 
almost  always  brought  letters  of  introduction 
to    the   General,    to   whose   house   they   were 
invited  with    a   frankness  which   banished    all 
reserve  on  the  part  of  the  guest.     Here  they 
remained  during  their  stay  in  the  country  ;  and 
such  was  the   hearty  welcome  they  received, 
and   the   continued  round   of   social    pleasure 
which  they  enjoyed,  that  their  visits  were  often 
delayed  beyond  the  original  limit.     But  it  was 
not  under  his  own  roof  alone  that  this  gentle- 
man dispensed  happiness  ;  he  was  the  constant 
patron  of  merit,  and  the  needy  never  appealed 
to  him  in  vain  for  relief. 

A  man  so  highly  gifted  was  not  calculated 
to  pass  unnoticed  through  life ;  nor  was  all 
his  time  devoted  to  its  enjoyment.  Besides 
the  offices  which  he  exercised,  he  was  in  other 
respects  an  active  citizen ;  a  liberal  promoter 


GENERAL  PRES13Y  NEVILLE.  151 

of  all  public  improvements,  and  a  careful  guar- 
dian of  the  rights  of  his  fellow-citizens.  He 
was  often  referred  to  by  the  Federal  Govern- 
ment for  local  information ;  and  was  once 
appointed  on  a  mission  to  France,  but  was 
taken  ill  at  Boston,  where  he  was  about  to 
embark,  and  obliged  to  decline  the  duty.  He 
also,  at  different  periods,  held  the  offices  of 
surveyor,  county  lieutenant,  and  paymaster 
general  to  the  army  of  the  insurrection.  These 
trusts  he  discharged  with  fidelity.  The  friend- 
ship of  Washington  and  of  most  of  the  conspic- 
uous men  of  that  day,  which  he  had  gained  as 
a  soldier,  he  forfeited  not  as  a  citizen. 

Such  was  the  man  who  was  doomed  in  his 
old  age  to  present  a  striking  example  of  the 
instability  of  fortune.  His  notions  were  too 
princely  for  a  private  individual,  and  adversity 
was  the  inevitable  consequence.  His  fine  for- 
tune dwindled  under  his  lavish  beneficence  ; 
and  was  perhaps  more  deeply  injured  by  those 
who  shared  his  bounty,  and  whom  he  trusted 
without  suspicion.  There  was  no  guile  in  him, 
and  he  suspected  it  not  in  others.     He  found 


152  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

himself,  at  last,  dependent  in  a  great  measure 
for  support  upon  an  office  which  he  held  under 
the  state  of  Pennsylvania.  But  even  this  was 
not  left  to  him.  It  would  have  been  inconsis- 
tent with  the  practice  of  those  times  to  have 
allowed  an  old  soldier  to  carry  his  grey  hairs 
in  peace  to  the  grave.  Party  spirit  had  reared 
its  gorgon  head,  and  as  merit  is  ever  the  first 
object  of  its  vengeance,  the  revolutionary  vete- 
ran had  nothing  to  hope.  But  his  sun  was 
already  setting,  and  the  twilight  of  his  existence 
alone  was  darkened  by  the  storm.  Still  it  was 
a  sad  reverse. 


"The  harp  that  once  in  Tara's  halls. 
The  soul  of  music  shed. 
Now  hung  as  mute  on  Tara's  walls. 
As  if  that  soul  was  fled." 


Thus  deprived  of  all  but  an  unsulUed  repu- 
tation, General  Neville  retired  to  this  spot,  and 
seated  himself  on  the  land  which  had  been 
earned  by  his  revolutionary  services.  Here 
he  lived  in  indigence,  and  died  in  obscurity. 
His  remains  were  removed  to  Pittsburgh  by  the 


GENERAL  PRESBY  NEVILLE.        15 


<-} 


filial  care  of  his  eldest  son,  where  they  were 
interred  with  the  highest  military  and  civic 
honours. 

I  was  at  the  burial  of  that  gallant  man. 
While  living  I  never  saw  him,  but  I  wept  at 
his  grave.  It  was  a  touching  scene.  That 
man  in  prosperity  was  idolized  ;  in  adversity, 
forsaken  ;  in  death,  honoured.  There  were 
those  around  his  last  earthly  receptacle  whose 
feet  had  long  forgotten  the  way  to  his  dwell- 
ing ;  but  there  were  none  who  remembered  not 
his  virtues.  There  were  those  who  had  drank 
of  his  cup,  and  whose  hearts  had  smote  them 
at  that  moment,  could  they  have  felt,  as  that 
sleeping  warrior  had  felt,  "  how  sharper  than 
the  serpent's  tooth  is  man's  ingratitude." 
The  young  soldiers,  whose  nodding  plumes 
bent  over  the  corpse,  had  been  the  infants  who 
had  played  about  the  good  man's  path,  and  now 
remembered  only  his  grey  hairs  and  his  gal- 
lant name ;  there  was  a  flush  on  their  cheeks, 
but  it  arose  from  the  reflection,  "  that  the 
dearest  tear  that  Heaven  sheds,  is  that  which 
bedews  the  unburied  head  of  a  soldier." 


154"  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 


LETTER  IX. 

SCENERY CINCINNATTI GENERAL    ST.     CLAIR 

PROGRESS    OF    IMPROVEMENT. 

As  we  continue  to  descend  the  river,  its 
shores  still  exhibit  the  same  interesting  charac- 
ter which  I  have  heretofore  described.  The 
hills  still  present  their  bold  outlines,  and  the 
vales  their  shadowy  recesses.  But  as  the  season 
advances,  the  forest  is  seen  rapidly  discarding 
the  dark  and  dusky  habiliments  of  winter,  and, 
assuming  its  vernal  robes,  it  blooms  forth  with 
renovated  life  and  lustre.  The  gum  tree  is 
clad  in  the  richest  green ;  the  dogwood  and 
redbud  are  laden  with  flowers  of  the  purest 
white  and  deepest  scarlet ;  the  locust  bends 
with  the  exuberance  of  its  odorous  blossoms. 
On  the  southern  sides  of  the  hills'  the  little 
flowers  are  peeping  forth,  while  winter  barely 


SCENERY.  155 

retains  a  semblance  of  her  recent  dominion 
over  the  northern  exposures.  The  oak,  the 
elm,  the  walnut,  the  sycamore,  the  beech,  the 
aspen,  the  hickory,  and  the  maple,  which  here 
tower  to  an  incredible  height,  have  yielded  to 
the  sunbeams,  and  display  their  bursting  buds 
and  expanding  leaves.  The  tulip-tree  waves 
her  long  branches,  and  her  yellow  flowers  high 
in  the  air.  The  wild  rose,  the  sweet-briar,  and 
the  vine,  are  shooting  into  verdure  ;  and,  cling- 
ing to  their  sturdy  neighbours,  modestly  prefer 
their  claims  to  admiration,  while  they  give 
early  promise  of  fruit  and  fragrance.  The 
fountains,  gushing  from  the  hill  side  in  profuse 
libations,  come  rippling  over  the  rocks  in  limpid 
currents,  forming  cascades  and  pools,  while  the 
smoke  rising  from  the  distant  cabin,  reminds 
the  traveller  of 

" the  blest  abode, 


Of  Edward  and  of  Mary." 

Blame  me  not  for  yielding,  amid  such  scenes, 
to  the  influence  of  feeling,  and  giving  up  my 
v^liole  soul  to  wild,  and  warm,  and  visionary 


156  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

fancies.  It  is  a  humiliating  reflection  that  our 
sweetest  hours  are  those  which  are  least  useful 
and  least  connected  with  the  realities  of  life ; 
but  it  cannot  be  denied,  that  the  only  unmingled 
happiness  that  we  enjoy  is  in  those  hours  of 
mental  abstraction,  when  the  heart,  revelling  in 
its  own  creations,  forgets  the  world  with  its 
vanities  and  cares.  For  my  part  I  would  rather 
glide  silently  along  the  smooth  current  of  the 
Ohio,  lie  extended  upon  the  deck  at  eve, 
gazing  at  the  last  rays  of  the  sun,  dimly  dis- 
covered on  the  tops  of  the  tallest  trees,  or 
behold  the  morning  beams  of  the  great  luminary 
sparkling  among  the  dew-drops,  than  sit  upon 
a  throne  and  be  debarred  of  such  exquisite 
enjoyments  1 

We  arrived  at  Cincinnatti  in  the  morning ; 
but  when  I  inform  you  that  we  remained  here 
only  a  few  hours,  and  that  the  greater  part  of 
this  time  was  spent  with  a  friend,  and  that 
friend  a  lovely  female,  a  companion  of  my 
dancing  days,  you  will  not  be  surprised  if  I 
add,  that  I  have  nothing  to  relate  concerning 
this  town.  Those  days  may  be  over  with  me 
in  which  the  violin  could  have  lured  me  from 


CINCINNATTI.  157 

the  labour  of  study,  and  the  song  from  the  path 
of  duty ;  but  never,  if  I  know  myself,  will  that 
hour  come  when  woman  shall  cease  to  be  the 
tutelary  deity  of  my  affections,  the  household 
oroddess  of  mv  bosom  !  Think  me  an  enthusiast, 
or  a  great  dunce,  if  you  please — but  never,  I 
pray,  if  you  love  me,  believe  that  I  could  think 
of  statistics  with  a  fair  lady  at  my  side,  or  that 
I  could  hoard  up  materials  for  a  Letter  from  the 
West,  while  a  chance  presented  itself  to  talk 
over  my  old  courtships,  and  dance  once  more 
my  old  cotillons.  No,  no  ;  this  correspondence 
may  be  fun  to  you,  and  nuts  to  our  friend  Mr. 
Oldschool,  who  are  but  readers  of  these  poor 
sheets  of  mine,  and  endure  not  the  pains  of  the 
authorship  thereof;  but  setting  that  aside,  I 
would  not  give  one  "  merry  glance  of  mountain 
maid,"  for  the  plaudits  of  the  literary  world. 
You  will  remind  me,  I  dare  say,  of  posterity  ; — 
but,  in  the  language  of  a  merry  neighbour  of 
mine,  I  reply,  '*  Hang  posterity !  what  did 
posterity  ever  do  for  me  !"  So  I  shall  write 
when  I  please,  and  court  the  girls  when  I  can. 

I  had  only  time  therefore  to  discover,  that  I 
was  in  a  town  of  ample  size,  and  goodly  appear- 


158  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

ance,  where  I  met  genteel  forms  and  busy 
faces.  The  harbour  was  crowded  with  boats, 
the  wharfs  covered  with  merchandise,  the 
streets  thronged  with  people.  The  indications 
of  wealth,  of  business,  and  refinement,  were  too 
striking  to  pass  unobserved,  by  one  who  re- 
flected how  recently  the  forest  frowned  upon 
this  spot. 

We  left  Cincinnatti  in  the  afternoon.  As 
the  town  faded  from  my  sight,  and  the  shadows 
of  the  forest  gathered  again  around  me,  I  was 
struck  with  the  sudden  contrast.  Instead  of 
paved  streets  and  splendid  buildings,  the  re- 
treats of  science  and  the  marts  of  business,  the 
hum  of  men  and  the  rattling  of  carriages,  I 
saw  only  the  glassy  tide  and  its  verdant  shores, 
and  heard  no  sounds  save  those  of  the  wood- 
pecker, the  squirrel,  and  the  mocking-bird. 
The  hand  of  man  had  not  yet  shorn  the  hill  of 
its  green  covering ;  its  "  budding  honours" 
were  "  thick  upon  it."  Here  was  a  fine  speci- 
men of  the  pristine  luxuriance  of  nature  ;  be- 
hind me  a  noble  monument  of  art.  But  these 
are  miniature  scenes,  which  are  chiefly  interest- 
ing, as  they  lead  the   mind  to  a  larger  field  of 


GENERAL  ST.  CLAIR.  159 

speculation,  and  as  they  exhibit  "  counterfeit 
presentments"  of  the  rapid  changes  which  have 
been  operating  far  and  wide  throughout  this 
extensive  recrion. 

Thirty  years  ago,  the  American  forces,  com- 
manded by  General  St.  Clair,  were  defeated  by 
the  savages  in  the  territory  north-west  of  the 
Ohio.  The  brilliant  talents  of  this  brave  soldier, 
were  exerted  in  vain  in  the  wilderness.  The 
wariness  and  perseverance  of  Indian  warfare, 
created  every  day  new  obstacles  and  unforeseen 
dangers  ;  the  skill  of  the  veteran  was  baffled, 
and  undisciplined  force  prevailed  against  mili- 
tary science.  The  art  of  the  tactician  proved 
insufficient  when  opposed  to  a  countless  multi- 
tude, concealed  in  the  labyrinths  of  the  forest, 
and  aided  by  the  terrors  of  the  climate.  The 
defeat  of  our  army  became  the  subject  of  inves- 
tigation by  a  military  tribunal ;  and  if  any 
proof  had  been  wanting  of  the  ability  of  its 
commander,  his  defence  before  the  court  martial 
must  have  afforded  that  testimony.  But  this 
gentleman,  like  the  unfortunate  Burgoyne, 
exerted  his  eloquence  in  vain  ;  he  was  admired, 
blamed,  applauded,  and  condemned  !    The  dis- 


160        LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

tinguished  reputation  gained  by  General  St. 
Clair  in  the  revolutionary  war  was  insufficient 
to  sustain  him  under  this  reverse  of  fortune. 
His  popularity  declined,  his  abilities  were 
doubted,  and  his  services  no  longer  required. 
He  retired  to  an  obscure  residence  among  the 
mountains  of  Pennsylvania.  Here,  in  the  most 
abject  poverty,  in  a  miserable  cabin,  upon  a 
sterile  and  dreary  waste,  among  rocks  and  pre- 
cipices, (fit  emblems  of  his  career  !)  he  dragged 
out  a  wretched  existence,  visited  only  by  his 
sorrows, — except  when  a  solitary  traveller,  im- 
pelled by  curiosity  to  witness  that  which  one  of 
the  ancients  has  pronounced  to  be  a  noble 
spectacle,  penetrated  the  intricacies  of  the 
Laurel  Mountain  to  behold  a  great  man  in 
adversity.  Here  he  might  be  found,  beyond 
the  reach  of  persecution,  but  not  enjoying  the 
dignity  of  retirement,  nor  the  sweets  of  domestic 
liie  :  for  even  here  adversity  had  pursued  this 
unhappy  man,  and  added  the  most  distressing 
private  calamities  to  the  already  teeming  burthen 
of  his  sorrows.  The  general  who  had  com- 
manded armies,  the  governor  who  had  ruled  a 
province,  the  patriot  who  had  nobly  dared  in 


GEXERAL    ST.    CLAIR.  l6l 

the  noblest  of  causes,  endured  these  calamities 
in  the  country  which  had  witnessed  his  deeds, 
and  reaped  the  harvest  of  his  exertions.  He 
endured  them  without  a  friend  to  soften  his 
bitterness,  without  a  domestic  to  administer  to 
his  wants.  Such  is  the  fate  of  an  unsuccessful 
leade?\  over  whose  fate  tlie  passage  of  a  single 
cloud  obscures  the  brilliance  of  a  long  career  of 
glory,  and  is  followed  by  ruin,  darkness,  and 
desolation  !  Sometimes  he  emerged  from  his 
solitude  to  make  fruitless  appeals  to  the  justice 
of  his  country.  His  claims  for  the  reimburse- 
ment of  pecuniary  advances  made  for  the  public 
cause,  and  for  remuneration  for  services  per- 
formed, were  long  disregarded.  A  short  time 
before  his  death,  the  aged  man,  bending  under 
the  weight  of  fourscore  years,  appeared  again 
at  the  metropolis,  charming  the  young  with  his 
gaiety,  the  old  with  his  wisdom— exhibiting  a 
versatility  of  genius  which  few  possess,  and 
displaying  a  vigour  of  intellect,  little  consonant 
with  his  age,  his  sorrows,  and  his  infirmities. 

The  late  war  had  revived  the  enthusiasm  of 
the  nation.  The  ardour  which  once  glowed  in  the 
bosom  of  our  fathers,  now  swelled  the  veins  of 

M 


l62  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

their  children  ;  and  while  Congress  was  dis- 
tributing honours  with  a  prodigal  hand  among 
the  youthful  heroes  of  1814,  the  veteran  of 
seventy-six  appeared.  The  appeal  was  irre- 
sistible ',  his  claim  was  allowed — allowed,  alas ! 
when  the  worn-out  soldier  had  reached  the  last 
out-post  of  his  earthly  pilgrimage  ! 

General  Wayne  succeeded  to  the  command, 
but  not  to  the  fate  of  St.  Clair.  By  dint  of 
rigid  discipline,  indefatigable  exertion,  and 
above  all,  a  talent  for  Indian  warfare,  he  re- 
deemed the  frontier  settlements  from  destruc- 
tion, and  inflicted  a  heavy  vengeance  upon  our 
tawny  neighbours.  The  memory  of  Wayne 
(with  that  of  General  Butler,  who  fell  in  these 
wilds)  is  deservedly  cherished  by  the  western 
people.  So  marked  has  been  their  gratitude, 
that  there  is  not  a  state  or  territory,  west  of 
the  mountains,  which  has  not  named  towns 
and  counties  after  these  gallant  men.  The 
name  of  St.  Clair  also  occurs  frequently  on  the 
map. 

I  have  made  this  digression,  to  shew  how 
recently  our  brave  soldiers  have  sought  "  the 
bubble  reputation  at  the  cannon's  mouth,"  on 


PROGRESS  OF  IMPROVEMENT.        163 

the  fields  where  the  plough,  the  loom,  and 
shuttle,  are  now  in  peaceful  operation,  as  well  as 
the  importance  of  the  contest  in  which  they  were 
engaged.  That  enemy  must  have  been  far  from 
insignificant,  in  encountering  whom  St.  Clair 
or  Wayne  could  reap  obloquy  or  honour.  The 
states  of  Ohio,  Indiana,  and  Illinois,  have  since 
been  formed  out  of  portions  of  the  country  so 
recently  the  theatre  of  war,  and  the  territory 
of  Michigan  organised  for  the  purpose  of  tem- 
porary government. 

So  lately  as  the  year  1794,  troops  were  sta- 
tioned throughout  this  country,  for  the  pro- 
tection of  travellers  passing  down  the  river  to 
the  distant  settlements  of  New  Orleans  and 
Kaskaskia,  and  for  the  security  of  the  fron- 
tiers ;  boats  descending  the  river  were  manned 
and  armed,  as  for  a  dangerous  enterprise,  and 
an  attempt  to  traverse  the  wilderness  was 
considered  as  an  effort  of  more  than  ordi- 
nary courage.  On  the  same  river,  steam-boats, 
for  the  transportation  of  passengers  and  mer- 
chandise, were  in  successful  operation  before 
their  introduction  into  Europe ;  and  the  tra- 
veller may  now  enjoy  the  very  luxuries  of  tra- 

M  '2 


164  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

veiling,  where   a    few  years   ago   the  hardiest 
manhood  sunk  under  its  toils  and  perils. 

In  1794,  beasts  of  prey  prowled  over  this 
region  unmolested,  and  the  savage  was  "monarch 
of  all  he  surveyed,"  and  "  lord  of  the  fowl  and 
the  brute."  In  1810,  the  state  of  Ohio  con- 
tained a  population  of  two  hundred  and  thirty 
thousand  seven  hundred  and  sixty  souls,  and 
the  value  of  her  domestic  manufactures,  ac- 
cording to  the  census,  was  one  million  nine 
hundred  and  eighty  seven  thousand,  three  hun- 
dred and  seventy  dollars.  In  1815,  the  lots, 
lands,  and  dwelling-houses  in  Ohio,  were  valued 
at  upwards  of  sixty-one  millions  of  dollars  j  and 
in  18^0,  the  marshal  reported  her  population 
to  be  five  hundred  and  eighty-one  thousand  four 
hundred  and  thirty-four  souls. 

Kentucky  w^as  first  explored  in  1770  ;  the 
first  settlement  was  made  in  1775.  In  1810, 
that  state  contained  a  population  of  four  hun- 
dred and  six  thousand  five  hundred  and  eleven 
souls,  and  her  manufactures  were  valued  at 
four  millions,  one  hundred  and  twenty  thou- 
sand six  hundred  and  eighty-three  ;  and  in 
1820,  the  marshal's   return  of  her  population 


PROGRESS  OF  IxMPROVEMENT.  lG5 

was  five  hundred  and  sixty-four  thousand  three 
hundred  and  seventeen  souls. 

In  short — to  close  a  parallel  which  may  be- 
come tedious — from  this  land,  so  lately  a  wil- 
derness, the  savage  has  been  expelled  ;  towns 
and  colleges  have  arisen ;  farms  have  been 
made ;  the  mechanic  arts  cherished  ;  the  neces- 
saries of  life  abound,  and  many  of  its  luxuries 
are  enjoyed.  All  this  has  been  effected  within 
the  memory  of  living  witnesses.  Such  are  the 
fruits  of  civiUzation,  and  so  powerful  the  effect 
of  American  enterprise  ! 


166  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 


LETTER  X. 


FRONTIER    MANNERS. 


i/  I  HAVE  remarked  at  the  little  towns  at  which  I 

have  touched  in  this  country,  that  the  appear- 
ance of  a  stranger  does  not  excite  the  same  de- 
gree of  curiosity  which  we  observe  in  the  villages 
of  the  eastern  and  middle  states,  and  particularly 
■  at  those  which  are  not  on  the  great  mail  routes. 
In  those  places,  the  arrival  of  a  well-dressed 
stranger  is  a  matter  of  general  interest,  and 
peculiarly  so,  if  his  apparel,  or  travelling  equi- 
page, be  a  little  finer  than  usual,  or  if  he  assume 
any  airs  of  importance  ;  the  smith  rests  upon 
his  anvil,  the  gossip  raises  her  spectacles,  and 
the  pretty  maidens  thrust  their  rosy  faces 
through  the  windows  to  gaze  at  the  new  comer. 
This  propensity  has  been  impressed  on  my 
memory,  by  the  inconvenience  it  has  sometimes 


FRONTIER  MANNERS.  iGj 

produced,  and  the  pleasure   it  has  frequently 
afforded  me. 

The  pretty  hamlets  of  New  England  as  well 
as  those  which  are  more  thinly  scattered  through 
the  western  part  of  the  state  of  New  York,  or 
along  the  banks  of  the  Delaware  and  the 
Susquehanna,  in  Pennsylvania,  are  distinguished 
for  their  rural  beauty,  neatness,  and  simplicity. 
On  entering  one  of  these  at  the  close  of  a 
summer-day,  when  the  villagers  sat  about  their 
doors  and  windows,  to  enjoy  the  coolness  of 
the  evening  breeze,  I  have  checked  my  horse, 
and  hanging  carelessly  on  my  saddle,  have 
passed  slowly  along,  gazing  with  delight  at  the 
blooming  cheeks  and  sparkling  eyes,  that  have 
been  directed  towards  me  from  every  quarter. 
I  have  always  had  a  wonderful  predilection  for 
handsome  faces,  and  I  do  verily  believe  that  if 
my  breast  were  darkened  by  the  heaviest  sor- 
rows, the  rays  of  beauty  would  still  strike  to 
its  inmost  recesses,  and  there  would  still  be  a 
something  there  to  refract  the  beams.  But  it 
cannot  be  expected  that  so  erratic  a  being  as 
myself,  should  ever  be  very  sad  or  serious ;  the 
traveller  must  leave  his  heavy  thoughts  behind 


^ 


168  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

him,  with  his  heavy  baggage,  and  keep  a  vacant 
place  for  a  thousand  pleasing,  novel,  nick-nack 
ideas,  which  he  may  pick  up  by  the  way. 

Imagine  such  a  wanderer,  after  jogging  the 
livelong  day,  in  the  scorching  sun,  over  crags 
and  clifts,  or  through  mud  and  dust,  with  no 
companion  but  the  beast  he  bestrides — who, 
however  affable  his  disposition  may  be,  is  less 
companionable  than  one  could  wish — arriving, 
[/  with  "  spattered  boots"  and  a  weary  frame,  at  a 

romantic  village  that  has  not  a  soul  in  it  whom 
he  either  knows  or  cares  for.  His  fancy  is 
his  luoi^ld,  for  he  has  nothing  to  do  with  the 
realities  around  him ;  he  is  not  interested  in 
the  vices,  he  knows  not  the  distresses,  he  tastes 
not  the  pleasures  of  those  about  him  ;  he  gazes 
on  them  as  the  philosopher  views  a  beautiful 
insect,  or  inspects  a  lovely  flower ;  he  has  no 
feeling  in  common  with  the  objects  of  his  ob- 
servation, but  they  afford  him  matter  of  pleas- 
ing reflection.  The  sun  has  just  gone  down, 
/  the  flowers  have  reared  their  drooping  heads, 
and  the  girls  let  fall  their  twining  ringlets; 
they  have  put  on  their  best  bibs  and  tuckers, 
and  their  most  amiable  looks ;  the  tea-table  is 


FRONTIER  MANNERS.  lG9 

set,  and  the  village  beaux  are  congregated  ; 
the  old  gentlemen,  gathered  in  groups,  are 
grumbling  at  the  present  state  of  affairs,  while 
the  young  ones  seem  to  be  enjoying  it,  or  making 
an-angements  to  change  it  for  the  better.  Then 
to  see  those  dimpled  cheeks,  laughing  eyes, 
and  ruby  lips  all  displayed  at  once  to  the 
astonished  glance  of  the  "  way-worn  traveller," 
whose  eye  rests  on  nothing  but  white  frocks 
and  rosy  faces !  I  have  found  my  heart  more 
gladdened  by  such  a  scene,  and  my  eye  more 
pleased,  than  when  from  the  summits  of  our 
Pennsylvanian  mountains  I  have  gazed  upon 
the  romantic  vales  below,  or  from  the  high-lands 
looked  down  upon  the  Hudson. 

There  are  those  who,  to  enjoy  much  less  inno- 
cent and  less  ecstatic  pleasures,  would  give  all 
they  possessed,  curse  their  country,  and  turn 
Turks  J  but  they  are  miserable  connoisseurs  who 
purchase  enjoyment  at  expensive  prices,  when 
nature  spreads  her  table  gratis.  Thus  I  have  ex- 
tracted pleasure  from  a  source  which  has  afforded 
vexation  to  others  ;  a  transient  glance  at  the  ^ 
smiling  faces  of  those  pretty  girls,  has  fully 
compensated  me  for   the  fatigue  of  answering, 


170        LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

on  arriving  at  an  inn  (if  in  New  England)  the 
tedious  inquiries,  whetlier  I  was  a  southerner,  or 
a  York-state  man,  and  whether  I  was  going 
down  soiithf  or  a  xmy  out  hack. 

If  this  be  the  case  in  our  snug  little  rural 
towns,  whose  inhabitants  enjoy  the  luxuries  of 
society,  and  where  the  more  wealthy  part  of 
them  aspire  to  something  like  style  among 
themselves,  how  much  more  would  it  be  ex- 
pected in  these  distant  and  lonely  regions,  where 
a  town  is  usually  composed  of  a  few  rude 
cabins,  hastily  erected  on  the  margin  of  a  river, 
and  surrounded  by  extensive  forests.  Would 
you  not  suppose  that  a  well  dressed  gentleman 
would  be  considered  here  as  a  natural  curiosity, 
whose  appearance  would  create  a  sensation  as 
lively  as  that  produced  by  the  arrival  of  the 
elephant  or  the  royal  African  tiger  ;  and  that  a 
fashionable  fair  would  rival  the  popularity  of 
the  Albiness,  or  the  waxen  figure  of  the  Boston 
beauty?  As  for  a  dandy,  can  you  believe  he 
would  be  suffered  to  run  at  large,  and  not  en- 
caged and  exhibited  as  a  monster  ?  But  such 
curiosity  is  here  somewhat  rare,  and  the  absence 
of  it  is  easily  accounted  for  :  the   fact  is,  that. 


FRONTIER  MANNERS.  171 

insulated  and  lonesome  as  these  spots  appear, 
they  are  visited  frequently  by  a  great  number 
and  a  great  variety  of  people.  The  merchants, 
who  make  their  annual  journies  to  an  eastern 
city  to  purchase  goods  ;  the  innumerable  cara- 
vans of  adventurers,  who  are  daily  crowding  to 
the  west  in  search  of  homes,  and  the  numbers 
who  traverse  these  interesting  regions  from 
motives  of  curiosity,  produce  a  constant  suc- 
cession of  visitors  of  every  class,  and  of  almost 
every  nation.  English,  Irish,  French  and  Ger- 
mans, are  constantly  emigrating  to  the  new 
states  and  territories  j  and  all  the  eastern,  south- 
ern, and  middle  states  send  them  crowds  of 
inhabitants  ;  nor  is  it  the  needy  and  unfortunate 
alone  who  bury  themselves  among  the  shadows 
of  the  western  forests. 

There  was  a  time,  indeed,  when  the  word 
emigration  carried,  with  it  many  unpleasant 
sensations ;  and  when  we  heard  of  a  res- 
pectable man  hieing  to  an  unknown  land, 
to  seek  a  precarious  existence  among  bears 
and  musquitoes,  we  fancied  that  we  saw 
the  hand  of  a  land  speculator  beckoning  him 
to   destruction,   and   pitied   his  fate.     We  are 


17^  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

apt  to  imagine  that  these  land-jobbing  gentry 
were  surrounded  by  retainers  pretty  much  like 
those  of  David  when  he  sojourned  in  the  cave 
of  Adullam,  "  and  every  one  that  was  i?2  dis- 
tresSy  and  every  one  that  was  hi  debt,  and  every 
one  that  was  discontented,  gathered  themselves 
unto  him,  and  he  became  a  captain  over  them." 
But  this  is  not  the  fact  now  ;  whatever  might 
have  been  the  case  a  few  years  ago,  we  now 
find  classes  of  people  among  the  emigrants 
who  would  not  be  easily  deluded.  Gentlemen 
of  wealth  and  intelligence,  professional  men  of 
talents  and  education,  and  respectable  farmers 
and  artizans,  have,  after  dispassionate  inquiry, 
determined  to  make  this  country  their  future 
abode.  Like  Lot,  "  they  lifted  up  their  eyes, 
and  beheld  all  the  plain  of  Jordan,  that  it  was 
well  watered  every  where  ;"  fertile,  "  even  as 
the  Garden  of  Eden,"  and  abounding  in  the 
choicest  gifts  of  nature. 

Thousands,  it  is  true,  have  been  driven  here  by 
want,  from  countries  less  congenial  to  the  needy ; 
but  though  in  some  cases,  their  poverty  and  not 
their  wills  consented  to  the  change,  they  have 
generally  found  it  an  ad>'antageous  one.    Thus  it 


FRONTIER    MANNERS.  l?"^ 

is,  that  althougli  in  travelling  you  often  meet  the 
native  woodsman  with  his  hunting-shirt  and  rifle, 
you  as  often  encounter  persons  of  a  different  cha- 
racter ;  and  on  arriving  at  a  cabin,  it  would  be 
difficult  to  guess  what  may  be  the  particular 
description  of  its  inhabitant.  It  is  natural, 
therefore,  that  the  sight  of  a  stranger  should 
have  ceased  to  be  wonderful  where  it  is  no 
longer  rare ;  and  that  no  singularity  of  dress  or 
appearance  should  excite  the  curiosity  of  those 
who  are  in  the  daily  habit  of  seeing  every 
variety  of  people. 

For  nearly  the  same  reasons  you  will  find  few 
people  in  the  west  who  are  ignorant  of  the 
geography  of  their  own  country  ;  they  all  know 
something  of  the  general  description  of  even 
the  most  distant  parts  of  the  union.  Many  of 
them  have  emigrated  from  afar ;  some  travel 
over  an  immense  extent  of  country  from  mere 
curiosity,  or  in  search  of  the  most  eligible  place 
to  settle ;  and  others  take  long  journies  on  mer- 
cantile and  other  speculations.  They  are  acute 
observers  ;  and  the  most  illiterate  are  seldom 
dull  or  ignorant.  In  the  neighbourhood  of 
Pittsburgh  you  will  meet  but  few  persons  who 


174  LETTERS  FRORI  THE  WEST. 

cannot  give  you  some  idea  of  the  route  to 
Detroit  or  to  New  Orleans,  and  a  tolerably  cor- 
rect notion  of  the  intermediate  country.  Such 
knowledge  is  more  or  less  general  throughout 
the  western  country.  All  have  travelled  ;  and 
the  information  thus  collected  is  communicated 
from  one  to  another  in  their  frequent  discus- 
sions on  the  subject  which  is  most  common,  and 
most  interesting  to  them — the  comparative 
advantages  of  the  different  sections  of  the 
country.  In  short,  you  will  scarcely  meet  an  old 
woman  who  cannot  tell  you  that  Pittsburgh  is 
full  of  coal  and  smoke  ;  that  in  New  Orleans  the 
people  play  cards  on  Sunday ;  that  living  is 
dear  at  Washington  City,  and  cod-fish  cheap  at 
Boston;  and  that  Irishmen  are  "  plenty"  in 
Pennsylvania,  and  pretty  girls  in  Rhode  Island. 


SCENERY.  175 


LETTER  XI. 

SCENERY,  SCIENCES,  AND    FIDDLING. 

The  character  of  the  scenery, — or  as  Lady- 
Morgan  would  say,  the  physiognomy  of  nature, 
still  exhibits  the  same  appearance,  as  we  con- 
tinue to  descend  the  river,  which  I  have  hereto- 
fore attempted  to  pourtray,  except  that  the  hills 
are  gradually  becoming  less  bold  and  rocky. 
The  shores  of  the  Ohio  do  not  any  where  pre- 
sent that  savage  grandeur,  which  often  charac- 
terises our  larger  streams.  No  tall  cliffs,  no 
bare  peaks  or  sterile  mountains,  impress  a 
sentiment  of  dreariness  on  the  mind.  The  hills 
are  high,  but  gracefully  curved,  and  every 
where  clothed  with  verdure.  There  is  a  lone- 
liness arising  from  the  absence  of  popula- 
tion, a  wildness  in  the  variegated  hues  of  the 
forest,  and  in  the  notes  of  the  feathered  tribes  ; 


176  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

but  the  traveller  feels  none  of  that  depression 
which  results  from  a  consciousness  of  entire 
insulation  from  his  species,  none  of  that  awe 
which  is  inspired  by  those  terrific  outlines  which 
display  the  convulsions  of  nature  or  threaten 
the  existence  of  the  beholder.  It  is  impossible 
to  gaze  on  the  fertile  hills  and  rich  bottoms 
that  extend  on  either  side,  without  fancying 
them  peopled  j  and  even  where  no  signs  of  popu- 
lation appear,  the  imagination  is  continually 
reaching  forward  to  the  period  when  these 
luxuriant  spots  shall  maintain  their  millions. 

The  absence  of  population  alluded  to,  is  to 
be  considered  in  a  comparative  sense.  With 
Ohio  on  the  one  hand,  Kentucky  and  Virginia 
on  the  other,  there  can  be  no  dearth  of  inhabi- 
tants;  but  their  dwellings  are  less  frequently 
presented  to  the  traveller's  eye  than  might  be 
supposed.  Every  day  we  pass  villages,  great  or 
small,  and  farm  houses  are  scattered  along  the 
shore  ;  but  we  often  float  for  miles  without  dis- 
covering any  indication  of  the  residence  of 
human  beings.  Many  of  the  river  bottoms  are 
inundated  annually,  and  land  has  not  yet  become 
so  scarce  or  valuable  as  to  induce  the  owners  to 


^ 


SCENERY.  177 

reclaim  these  spots  from  the  dominion  of  the 
water.  Such  places  remain  covered  with  gi- 
gantic timber,  which  conceals  the  habitations 
beyond  them.  The  commanding  eminences  are 
seldom  occupied,  because  the  settlers  are  far- 
mers, who  consult  convenience,  rather  than 
beauty,  in  the  location  of  their  dwellings,  and 
who  generally  pitch  their  tents  in  the  vicinity 
of  a  spring,  upon  the  low  grounds. 

The  beautiful  islands,  which  are  numerous, 
should  not  be  forgotten.  These  are  sometimes 
lai'ge  and  fertile,  but  generally  inundated,  and 
seldom  under  cultivation.  Sometimes  they  are 
mere  sandbanks,  covered  with  thick  groves  of 
the  melancholy  willow,  whose  branches  dip  into 
the  water. 

For  several  days  after  leaving  Cincinnatti, 
our  progress  was  delayed  by  bad  weather.  We 
have  had  a  series  of  what  are  called  April  days  ; 
why  they  are  so  called  I  know  not,  for  April, 
bating  the  sins  and  fooleries  of  her  first  day, 
is  as  inoffensive  a  month  as  any  in  the  calendar. 
The  high  winds  have  frequently  obliged  us  to 
stop,  and  tie  our  boat  to  the  bushes,  under 
whose     shelter    we     have     remained    beating, 

N 


178  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

against  the  shore  for  hours  together  ;  while  the 
rain  has  as  often  driven  us    from    the   deck. 
Thunder    and   lightning,    sunshine,   rain,  and 
wind,  have  succeeded  each  other  as  rapidly  as 
the  changing  scenes  and  mimic  tempests  of  the 
play-house.     If  I  were  an  English  traveller,  I 
should  consider  myself  fully  authorised,  under 
these  circumstances,  to  note  down,  that  *'  the 
climate  of  this  country  is  dreadfully  tempestuous, 
and  the  waves  of  the  Ohio  as  boisterous  as  those 
of  the  Gulph  Stream  ;"  but  as  the  wind  some- 
times blows  on  the  coasts  of  the  Atlantic,  and 
the  rain  sometimes  fails  in  England,  I  am  rather 
inclined  to  think  that  as  an  American  traveller^ 
it  is  safest  not  to  notice  this  as  a  peculiarity — 
for,  in  the  latter  character,  it  will  be  expected  of 
me  that  I  shall  tell  the  truth,  though  the  former 
would  not  have  imposed  any  such  obhgation. 

We  all  know  the  difficulty  of  disposing  of  a 
rainy  day.  How  the  worthy  patriarch  Noah 
contrived  to  make  use  of  forty  of  them  in  suc- 
cession, I  cannot  imagine,  unless  it  were  in 
receiving  and  entertaining  the  numerous  guests 
who  sohcited  his  hospitality  during  that  period, 
for  one  has    always   sufficed   to    exhaust    my 


SCIENCES.  179 

patience.     But  of  all  irksome  places  of  confine- 
ment in  a  rainy  day,  deliver  me  from  a  keel- 
boat.     Had  I  the  good  fortune  to  be  one  of 
those  geological  or  chymical  gentry,  who  write 
such  vastly  learned  books,  I  should  turn  these 
freaks  of  the  weather  to  fine  account,  I  promise 
you.      It  would    be   an   ill  wind   indeed  that 
should  not  blow  me  some  good.    Every  zephyr 
should  whisper  me  a  new  theory — every  thun- 
der   cloud    furnish    materials    for   a   chapter. 
Never  was  there  such  a  theatre  for  a  lover  of 
science  as  is  displayed  in  this  new  country. 
The  soil  which  the  hand  of  man  has  not  yet 
spoiled  teems  with  productions,  which  in  older 
countries    are   laboriously  sought  and  seldom 
found.     The  atmosphere  has  many  peculiarities 
which  are  yet  to  be  examined  and  explained. 
Volney  declares  that  "  the  excessive  heats  of 
summer,"  (in   the   western    country)  '*  bring 
with  them  almost  ^^i/j/ storms,"  and  it  has  been 
asserted  that  not  only  every  man,  woman,  and 
child,    but  every  ox,  hog,  and  even  squirrel, 
has  the  liver  complaint.  Thus,  instead  of  plunder- 
ing graves  for  human  bodies,   the  anatomist 
might  find  a  subject  on  every  tree,  and  could 

N  2 


180  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

innocently  trace  the  secretion  of  bile  in  the 
liver  of  the  squirrel.  Here  is  "  ample  room 
and  verge  enough"  for  the  professors  of  all  the 
ologies,  unless  it  be  craniology — for  skulls  are 
not  over  abundant  hereabout,  and  they  are  held 
in  such  respect  by  their  owners,  that  he  who 
should  examine  them  too  curiously  might 
chance  to  get  his  own  broken.  But  I  have  no 
taste  for  these  grave  sciences,  and  am  at  best 
but  a  lazy  traveller.  I  should  never  be  able  to 
endure  the  drudgery  of  travelling  with  an  appa- 
ratus of  microscopes,  crucibles,  thermometers, 
and  quadrants — to  say  nothing  of  maps,  com- 
mon-place books,  and  writing  materials.  I  love 
Nature,  as  in  duty  bound,  and  am  sincerely 
grateful  for  the  many  good  and  agreeable 
things,  she  is  kind  enough  to  furnish.  I  admire 
her  too,  and  delight  to  gaze  upon  her  beauties. 
I  contemplate  them  as  I  do  those  of  a  lovely 
female,  without  the  least  curiosity  to  pry  into 
matters  which  lie  beyond  the  surface.  But  as 
I  disdain  the  sciences,  let  me  pass  on  to  my 
narrative. 

In  the  early  part  of  our  voyage,  we  overtook 
a  flat  boat   floating  down  the  stream,  and   in 


FIDDLING.  ]<S1 

passing  were  hailed  by  a  person  on  the  roof, 
who  was  no  sooner  recognized  by  our  boatmen 
than  a  murmur  of  joy  ran  throughout  the  boat. 
Ln  a  few  minutes  the  stranger  came  on  board, 
and  was  received  with  a  hearty  welcome  by  our 
men,  who  saluted  him  by  the  title  of  "  Pappy." 
He  seemed  to  be  about  fifty  years  of  age,  but 
the  hand  of  time  had  passed  so  lightly  over  him 
as  to  have  left  but  little  imoression :  hard 
labour  and  exposure  had  operated  more  power- 
fully than  the  years  which  had  rolled  over  his 
head ;  for  the  sallow  hue  of  his  complexion,  and 
the  frosty  tinge  of  his  hair,  were  strongly  con- 
trasted with  the  robust  activity  of  his  limbs. 
His  eye  had  all  the  fire,  and  his  step  the  elas- 
ticity, of  youth  5  a  continual  smile  lurked  among 
his  sly  features,  and  the  jest  was  ever  on  his 
lips ;  while  an  affected  gravity,  a  drawling 
accent,  and  a  kind,  benevolent  manner,  which 
accorded  well  with  the  paternal  appellation 
given  him  by  the  boatmen,  marked  him  as  an 
eccentric  being.  In  every  walk  of  life  we  find 
privileged  characters,  who  consider  them- 
selves above  tlie  ordinary  rules  which  regulate 
social   intercourse ;  and  although  such  persons 


182  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

differ  widely  from  each  other,  each  assumes 
within  his  respective  sphere  a  powerful  influ- 
ence over  less  original  mir  ds.  Our  "  Pappy  " 
was  a  humourist  of  this  description,  and  his 
sway  among  his  fellow  boatmen  was  unlimited. 
To  the  great  joy  of  the  crew,  he  was  hired  for 
the  trip,  and  hastened  back  to  the  flat,  to  bring 
as  he  expressed  it  "  Katy  and  his  plunder  on 
board.''  Katy,  whose  merry  voice  we  soon 
heard,  was  no  other  than  a  violin,  and  his 
j)liinder  consisted  of  a  small  parcel  of  clothing 
tied  up  in  a  bandanna  handkerchief.  It  was  I 
suppose  his  all — had  it  been  less,  "Old  Pap" 
would  still  have  been  merry;  if  it  had  been 
infinitely  greater,  he  would  still  have  joked  and 
fiddled.  This  veteran  boatman  had  not  seen 
half  a  century,  without  his  share  of  those  afflic- 
tions which  embitter  life  ;  he  had  tasted  deeply, 
as  I  understood,  the  cup  of  domestic  misery, 
but  it  had  not  saddened  nor  soured  his  temper. 
He  was  a  man  of  endless  humour — a  fellow  of 
infinite  fancy.  While  others  worked,  he  would 
sit  for  hours  scraping  upon  his  violin,  singing 
catches,  or  relating  merry  and  marvellous  tales. 
When  he  chose  to  labour  he  went  to  the  oar. 


FIDDLING.  WxTlW    <^ 

when  inclined  to  trifle  he  did  so,  and  no'^^^ 
questioned  his  motions,  but,  whether  at  play 
at  work,  he  applied  himself  with  all  his  heart.  If 
the  boat  grounded  on  a  sand-bar,  he  was  the 
first  to  plunge  into  the  water  j  if  a  point  was  to 
be  weathered,  or  a  rapid  to  be  passed,  his  was 
always  the  best  oar  j  if  a  watch  was  to  be  kept 
at  nio-ht,  who  so  wakeful  as  he  ?  And  on  such 
occasions,  he  would  fiddle  and  sing  the  live-long 
night.  In  short,  with  the  affectation,  and  some- 
what of  the  appearance  of  age,  he  was  the 
gayest,  most  active,  and  stoutest  man  on  board  ; 
and  I  was  told  that  there  were  but  few  men 
along  the  river,  who  would  have  undertaken  to 
handle  ''  Old  Pap." 

This  new  recruit  proved  a  great  acquisition, 
for,  like  all  other  merry  men,  he  was  the  cause  of 
merriment  in  others.  He  kept  our  own  crew  in 
good  humour,  and  hailed  every  boat  we  passed 
with  some  stroke  of  pleasantry.  More  than 
once  he  enacted  chief  musician  at  dances  got 
up  at  the  hovels  along  shore,  near  which  we  lay 
by  for  the  night.  Lady  Morgan  styles  this 
amusement  the  *^  poetry  of  motion,"  and  I  assure 
you  it  was  not  the  less  poetic  with  the  accom- 
paniment of  Pap  and  his  musical  Kate. 


184  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 


LETTER  XII. 

THE  FALLS   OF  OHIO — SCENERY  AND  PRODUCTIONS 
BELOW  THE  FALLS. 

On  the  28th  of  April,  we  arrived  at  Louis- 
ville, at  the  Falls  of  the  Ohio,  and  landed  at 
Bear-grass    Creek,   above    the   town.       Boats 
usually  stop  here  to  take  in  a  pilot,  without 
which   it  is  unsafe  to  descend  the  rapids.     I 
remained  but  a  few  hours — strolled  through  the 
streets — saw  some  very  fine  houses,  and  some 
very  busy  people — eat  an  excellent  dinner  at 
Allen's  Hotel — took  a  hack  and  rode  to  Ship- 
ping-sport, where  I  visited  several  fine  steam- 
boats, and  returned.     I  was  pleased  with  what  I 
saw,  but  saw  too  little  to  justify  any  comment. 
It  is  worth  a  voyage  down  the  Ohio  to  pass 
the  rapids.     They  are  two  miles  in  length,  witli 
a  descent  of  twenty-two  feet  and  a  half  in  that 


THE  FALLS  OF  OHIO.  185 

distance,  and  are  formed  by  ledges  of  rock, 
which  extend  quite  across  the  river.  The  cur- 
rent is  said  to  have  an  average  velocity  of 
thirteen  miles  an  hour,  which  of  course  is  in- 
creased or  diminished  by  high  or  low  water. 

To  the  voyager  who  is  about  to  venture  into  this 
headlong  current,  three  roads  are  presented ; 
the  Indian  Chutes  which  is  not  passable  in  low 
water,  the  Kentucky  Chutes  which  is  only  pass- 
able in  high  water,  and  the  Middle  Chute  which 
at  any  time  is  the  best.  The  word  Chute*  may 
puzzle  you  as  much  as  it  has  puzzled  me ;  but 
it  is  the  very  identical  word  used  by  most  of 
the  writers  on  this  subject.  Whether  it  be  a 
Greek,  an  Indian,  or  a  Kentucky  phrase,  I  can- 
not inform  you — I  have  sought  its  derivation 
in  all  the  languages  with  which  I  am  conver- 
sant, without  effect.  In  point  of  fact,  it  is 
applied  to  channels  through  which  a  boat  may 
be  said  to  shoot  with  the  swiftness  of  an  arrow. 

As  you  approach  the  head  of  the  rapids,  the 
mighty  stream  rolls  on  in  a  smooth  unbroken 

*  Had  the  author  consulted  the  French  dictionary,  he  would 
have  seen  that  the  word  cftw/eis  Anglice/aZ/.  Perhaps  the  Ame- 
ricans may  never  yet  have  heard  of  a  parachute — Anglice,  to 
prevent  u  fall. 


186  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

sheet,  increasing  in  velocity  as  you  advance. 
The  business  of  preparation  creates  a  sense  of 
impending  danger :  the  pilot,  stationed  on  the 
deck,  assumes  command  ;  a  firm  and  skilful 
helmsman  guides  the  boat ;  the  oars,  strongly 
manned,  are  vigorously  plied  to  give  the  vessel 
a  momentum  greater  than  that  of  the  current, 
without  which  the  helm  would  be  inefficient. 
The  utmost  silence  prevails  among  the  crew  ; 
but  the  ear  is  stunned  with  the  sound  of  rush- 
ing waters  :  and  the  sight  of  waves  dashing,  and 
foaming,  and  whirling  among  the  rocks  and 
eddies  below,  is  grand  and  fearful.  The  boat 
advances  with  inconceivable  rapidity  to  the 
head  of  the  channel — '^  takes  the  Chute'* — and 
seems  no  longer  manageable  among  the  angry 
currents,  whose  foam  dashes  upon  her  deck, 
but  in  a  few  moments  she  emerges  from  their 
power,  and  rides  again  in  serene  waters. 

No  incident  worthy  of  remark  occurred  for 
several  days.  One  morning  about  sun-rise 
I  had  just  risen,  when  I  heard  one  of  the  boat- 
men make  some  observation  about  an  elegant 
smell,  and  as  I  love  to  see  elegant  things,  I 
hastened  to  the  deck.     The  air  was  filled  with 


SCENERY  AND  PRODUCTIONS.  187 

delightful  odours,  emanating  from  the  wild 
grape-vines,  then  in  bloom,  mingled  perhaps  with 
the  sweets  from  other  blossoms.  I  had  heard 
the  word  elegant  so  often  misused  in  this  coun- 
try, that  I  was  not  surprised  at  this  singular 
application  of  it.  The  good  folks  here  have 
elegant  hogs,  and  elegant  bacon,  elegant  corn, 
and  elegant  whiskey,  elegant  land,  and  elegant 
tobacco  ;  we  have  a  man  on  board  who  is  said 
to  be  an  "elegant  oarsman,"  another  who  is  an 
"  elegant  hand  with  an  axe,"  while  Old  Pap  and 
Katy  discourse  **  most  elegant  music." 

As  I  have  not  attempted  any  thing  like  a 
regular  journal,  1  shall  pass  on  at  once  as  far  as 
the  mouth  of  Green  River,  which  we  passed 
on  the  3rd  of  May. 

Here  we  find  a  country  essentially  different 
from  that  above  the  Falls.  Changes  have  been 
gradually  presented  to  the  eye  as  we  advanced, 
which  are  now  sufficiently  developed  to  indi- 
cate an  essential  difference  of  country,  soil,  and 
climate.  The  country  is  flat,  the  soil  deep, 
black,  and  rich.  Small  ranges  of  hills  are 
seen  at  intervals.  The  river  bottoms  become 
more  extensive,    exhibit    decided   appearances 


188  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

of  annual  inundation,  and  are  intersected  by 
hayoux,  or  deep  inlets,  which  are  channels  for 
the  water  in  time  of  flood,  and  remain  empty 
during  the  rest  of  the  year.     Cane-brakes  are 
occasionally  seen  along  the  banks.     The  cane 
is  an  evergreen,  from  twelve  to  twenty  feet  in 
height,  which  grows  only  in  rich  wet  flats.     It 
stands  so  thick  upon  the  ground,  as  to  form  an 
almost  impenetrable  thicket,  and  as  it  is  usually 
found  among  ponds  and  bayouoo,  the  cane-brake 
is  always  a  secure  retreat  for  bears,  which  feed 
upon  the  buds,  and  for  deer  and  other  grega- 
rious animals.     The  first  settlers  find  them  very 
valuable,  as  affording  food  for  their  cattle  during 
the  winter ;  and  even  after  the  country  has  been 
many  years  settled,  the  inhabitants  drive  their 
cattle  to  the  cane  in  the  autumn,  and  suffer  them 
to  remain  without  any  further  attention   until 
the    ensuing   spring.      The  cane,   however,    is 
generally  destroyed  in  a  few  years,  by  the  large 
number   of   cattle    which   are    thus    wintered 
upon  it.     Cattle  and  horses  eat  it  greedily,  and 
will  stray  several  miles  in  search  of  this  favour- 
ite food,  which  is  said  to  be  very  nourishing. 
Cotton-wood,  peccans,  catalpas,  and  gigantic 


SCENERY  AND  PRODUCTIONS.        189 

sycamores,  are  now  seen  in  the  rich  bottoms. 
Extensive  groves  of  cotton-wood  are  sometimes 
seen.  The  tree  is  large  and  extremely  tall ; 
the  foliage  of  a  rich  deep  green,  resembling 
that  of  the  Lombardy  poplar,  to  which  tree  this 
also  assimilates  somewhat  in  shape.  Nothing 
can  exceed  the  beauty  of  these  groves  :  at  a 
distance,  a  stranger  might  imagine  them  forests 
of  Lombardy  poplar ;  and  as  that  tree  is  de- 
voted to  ornamental  purposes,  it  is  scarcely 
possible  to  refrain  from  fancying,  that  some 
splendid  mansion  is  concealed  in  the  imper- 
vious shade  ;  while  the  deep  gloom  with  which 
they  envelop  the  soil,  gives  a  wild,  pensive, 
and  solemn  character  to  the  cotton-tree  grove. 

The  catalpa  is  a  small  graceful  tree,  remark- 
able for  the  beauty  of  its  flowers.  The  peccan 
is  a  tall  tree,  resembhng  the  hickory,  to  which, 
if  naturalists  speak  truly,  it  is  nearly  related  ; 
it  yields  a  rich,  fine  nut,  of  which  large  quan- 
tities are  annually  exported.  Grape-vines  are 
numerous  and  very  large,  the  stems  being  some- 
times nearly  a  foot  in  thickness,  though  seldom 
exceeding  six  or  eight  inches,  and  the  branches 
extending  to  the  tops  of  the  tallest  trees. 


190  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

The  misletoe  begins  to  be  seen  among  the 
branches  of  the  large  trees.  This  little  plant 
never  grows  upon  the  ground,  but  with  a  very 
poetic  taste,  takes  up  its  attic  residence  upon 
the  highest  limbs.  The  berry  which  contains 
the  seed  is  so  viscous  as  to  adhere  to  the  feet  of 
birds,  who  carry  it  from  tree  to  tree,  and  thus 
contribute  to  its  propagation. 

Here  too  large  flocks  of  paroquets  are  heard 
chattering  in  the  woods,  or  seen  sporting  their 
bright  green  plumage  in  the  sun-beams. 

On  the  4th  of  May  a  violent  wind  again 
forced  us  to  seek  shelter  under  the  shore.  We 
landed  at  the  mouth  of  a  small  creek  in  Indiana. 
Here  we  found  a  fine  rich  bottom,  lying  higher 
than  those  we  have  passed,  and  but  little  of 
which  has  been  overflowed.  The  forest  was 
thick  and  tangled,  and  so  choked  with  the 
trunks  of  fallen  trees,  weeds,  and  brush,  as  to 
be  almost  inaccessible.  So  fertile  is  the  soil 
that  every  spot  produces  something.  We  pene- 
trated a  short  distance  into  the  brake,  and  saw 
several  deer,  and  a  number  of  turkeys.  At  the 
foot  of  a  large  tree  we  discovered  a  quantity  of 
the  hair  of  a  wild  cat ;  we  found  many  places 


SCENERY  AND  PRODUCTIONS.       191 

where  fires  had  been  kindled,  probably  by 
hunters,  who  no  doubt  frequently  visit  this 
solitary  spot,  which  appears  to  abound  in  game. 
Immediately  below  us  is  a  clearing  which  seems 
to  have  been  made  some  years  ago,  and  near  it 
another  of  more  recent  origin.  On  a  rising 
spot  is  a  log  house,  in  a  state  of  dilapidation, 
and  the  ruins  of  another  but  a  few  rods 
distant,  which  has  been  burned. 

The  situation  is  so  beautiful,  and  the  land 
so   exceedingly   rich,   that   I    could   not  help 
speculating   upon   the    probable   cause    which 
had  driven  away  the  occupant  of  this  roman- 
tic spot.      A  few  years   ago  we  might  have 
attributed  its  evacuation  to  the  tomahawk  and 
fire-brand   of  the  Indian.      Indeed,   the  poet 
who  wished  to  sketch  the  deserted  cabin  of  a 
murdered  woodsman,   could  not  select  a  more 
appropriate  scene.       The   ruined  cabins,   the 
rank  weeds  around  them,   the  embers   in  the 
wood,  the  tangled  brake,  the  wild  luxuriance  of 
the  soil  and  herbage,  with  the  stillness  of  the 
gloomy  shades,  would  afford  rich  materials  for 
a  lively  imagination.     But  as  the  yell   of  the 
hostile  Indian  has  long  ceased  to  be  heard  in 


192  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

this  direction,  we  must  suppose  that  sickness  or 
misfortune  (or  both,)  has  visited  with  a  rude 
hand  the  late  tenant  of  these  shadowy  wilds. 

On  the  6th  of  May,  I  arrived  at  Shawnee 
Town,  in  Illinois,  and  bade  adieu  to  the  keel- 
boat. 


NAMES  OF  PLACES. 


193 


LETTER  XIII. 


NAMES    OF   PLACES. 


In  passing  down  the  Ohio,  and  indeed  in 
every  part  of  America,  the  traveller  is  amused 
with  the  singular  and  various  tastes  displayed 
in  the  names  of  places.  It  would  seem  that 
our  worthy  countrymen  had  but  little  regard 
for  the  tender  sensibilities  of  future  genera- 
tions, whose  inheritance  they  have  patched  and 
spangled  with  the  shreds  and  remnants  of 
every  age  and  country.  We  have  been  sup- 
plied 

"  By  saint,  by  savage,  and  by  sage;" 

Europe,  Asia,  and  Africa,  have  been  ransacked, 
and  we  have  culled  all  the  fields  of  literature, 

o 


194  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

sacred,  classic,  and  profane.  The  tourist 
passes  in  a  twinkling,  from  Troy  to  Siberia, 
from  Rome  to  Calcutta,  from  Vienna  to  Car- 
thage, from  Herculaneum  to  Petersburgh  ;  and 
if  he  chooses  to  continue  his  jaunt,  he  may 
visit  every  part  of  the  globe  almost  as  rapidly 
as  the  sun  himself.  But  if  he  be  a  poet,  or  an 
antiquary,  he  must  not  be  too  sanguine  in  his 
expectations  :  for  these  places  have  no  arche- 
types in  the  old  world.  He  may  freeze  to 
death  in  the  very  centre  of  our  Vesuvius,  and 
perspire  at  every  pore  at  the  view  of  Kamts- 
chatka.  There  is  no  Pantheon  at  the  modern 
Rome,  and  no  Pagoda  in  the  new  Hindostan. 
He  will  find  no  splendid  ruins  at  Palmyra,  nor 
hallowed  sepulchres  in  Palestine.  In  Goshen 
he  will  see  Yankees  from  the  "  land  of  steady 
habits,"  instead  of  captive  Israelites  ;  and 
where  he  might  expect  an  extensive  manufac- 
tory of  bricks,  he  will  find  a  land  abounding  in 
cheese  and  timberclocks.  We  adhere  to  old 
names  with  a  wonderful  pertinacity,  although 
destitute  of  the  characteristics  with  which 
those  names  are  associated.  The  dearest 
places  in  some  of  our  towns  are  called  Cheap- 


NAMES  OF  PLACES.  19<5 

side,  and  insects  are  never  sold  in  the  F/i/- 
Market.  In  this  particular,  we  resemble  some 
worthy  famiUes,  who  hand  down  a  favourite 
baptismal  name  from  generation  to  generation, 
although  the  dandy  Jeremiah  of  to-day  may 
have  little  in  common  with  him  who  lamented 
over  the  sins  of  the  Hebrews,  and  as  little  with 
the  honest  ancestor  who  first  bequeathed  the 
appellation  to  his  unborn  descendants. 

I  confess  I  am  not  pleased  with  the  dearth 
of  invention  indicated  by  the  adoption  of 
these  exotics ;  and  am  the  less  so,  when  I  ob- 
serve the  admirable  taste  displayed  in  those 
which  are  of  domestic  manufacture.  These 
are  fraught  with  meaning,  and  generally  allude 
to  some  historical  fact  or  local  peculiarity.  If 
any  of  the  early  navigators  of  these  rivers  saw 
an  otter,  a  fox,  or  a  bear  on  the  shore,  they 
were  sure  to  name  the  nearest  creek  or  island 
after  that  animal.  If  an  individual  sickened 
or  died,  the  catastrophe  was  perpetuated  in  the 
same  manner.  The  appellations  thus  casually 
given,  are  retained  when  the  per  quod  upon 
which  they  were  founded  has  failed  or  is  for- 
gotten.     Thus  we  now  find  a  Pigeon-Creek, 

o  2 


196  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

where  there  are  no  pigeons,  and  a  Crow  Island 
where   there   is  no  carrion.      As  to  the  taste 
displayed  in  them,  you  have  only  to  imagine 
them  ranged  in   the  lines  of  some  future  poet, 
who   may  fancy  to  waft  his  heroine   down  the 
beautiful  stream.     How  delightfully  would  such 
names  as  Horsetail  Ripple,  Dead  Man's  Island, 
Hog  Island,  Big  Seweckly,  Loggstown,  Crow's 
Island,  Big  Beaver,  Raccoon   Creek,   Custard 
Island,    Big    Yellow,    Mingo    Bottom    Island, 
White  Woman,    and    Opossum    Creek,    jingle 
in  verse!     How  admirably  would  they  set  off 
the  peculiar  style  of  Sir  Walter  Scott !     Even 
so   humble  a  poet  as  myself  might  render  a 
humble  incident  poetic,  with   the  aid  of  such 
harmonious  epithets  ; — for  instance  : — 


O'er  Horsetail  when  the  stream  was  low. 
Waded  a  bold  misguided  cow  ; 
False  Horsetail  !  caverns  lurk  below 
Thy  wave,  that  glitters  joyously  ! 


Soon  Horsetail  heard  a  dreadful  sound  ; 
Dead  Man  and  Big  Seiueekly  groaned  ; 
Raccoon  and  Little  Beaver  moaned  ; 
And  'Possum  joined  the  symphony. 


NAMES  OF  PLACES.  197 

IVhite  Woman  heard,  and  whiter  grew  ; 
Big  Yellow  almost  turned  to  blue  ; 
Altered,  sweet  Custard,  was  thy  hue, 
Sad  Brindk  low'd  so  piteously. 

Gallant  Hog  Island,  it  was  thine 
From  death  to  save  the  bellowing  kine, 
As  Jaffier  from  the  "  envious"  brine, 
Snatch'd  lovely  Belvidera. 


<( 


St.  Louis,"  says  Mr.  Breckenridge,  "  was 
formerly  called  Pain  Court,  (short  bread),  from 
the  privations  of  the  iirst  settlers."  The  French 
have  left  some  curious  names  in  Missouri,  where 
we  find  La  Ftmme  Osage^  (the  Osage  woman) ; 
Mishre^  (Misery) ;  Creve-  Cceur,  (Broken  Heart)  j 
Vuide  Poche,  (Empty  Pocket) ;  Bon  Homme 
(Good  Man)  ;  La  Riviere  des  Phres,  (the  River 
of  Fathers) ;  La  Riviere  an  Vase,  (the  River  of 
Mud)  ;  Bois  Brule,  (Burnt  Wood,  pronounced 
by  the  Americans,  Boh  Ruby) ;  Cotesam  Dessein, 
which  you  may  translate  for  yourself:  I  should 
call  it  Accidental  Hill,  which  is  justified  by  the 
appearance  of  the  place.  It  is  an  eminence 
on  a  hill,  without  a  valley,  and  which  looks  as 
if  it  did  not  belong  to  the  place,  but  had  been 
dropped  by  accident.     Some  of  these  names  are 


198  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

now  discarded,  and  the  people  would  be  quite 
scandalized  at  their  revival — like  the  good  citi- 
zens of  a  flourishing  town  in  Pennsylv'ania,  which 
was  formerly  called  Cat-jisli  Camp.,  but  where 
a  man  would  now  be  almost  tarred  and  feathered^ 
for  mentioning  a  cat-Jish. 

Many  of  the  French  names  in  this  country 
have  been  corrupted.  The  upper  part  of  the 
Kaskaskia  River  is  called  by  a  name  which  is 
spelt  so  variously  that  I  can  hardly  undertake 
to  write  it.  The  literal  pronunciation  is  0-kaWy 
but  it  is  written  by  travellers  and  others  Occoa, 
Oka,  Ocra,  &;c.  As  this  stream  is  in  fact  the 
Kaskaskia,  and  was  probably  taken  by  the  first 
French  explorist  for  a  branch  of  that  river,  it  is 
probable  that,  contracting  the  name  of  the 
latter,  they  called  it  Au  Kas ;  this  reading  ac- 
cords with  the  practice  of  that  people,  who 
frequently  use  abbreviations  :  thus  Kaskaskia  is 
called  KaS'kee^  and  Cahokia,  Calio.  So,  if  you  ask 
a  Frenchman  where  he  is  going,  he  will  answer 
*'  Au  Post,''  to  the  Post,  meaning  the  post  of 
Vincennes.  This  being  the  principal  fortress  in 
this  country,  previous  to  its  settlement,  was 
for  a  long  while  called  IVie  Post ;  and  from  the 


NAMES  OF  PLACES.  199 

French  mode  of  expression,  Au  Post!  it  acquired 
among  the  first  American  settlers  the  name 
O-PosCf  by  which  it  is  still  commonly  known. 

There  is  a  small  stream  in  Illinois  called 
Bojipas.  The  author  of  a  book  of  *'  Geogra- 
phical Sketches,"  writes  BumpaWy  and  his  or- 
thography is  adopted  by  many  persons  ;  the 
original  name  nmst  have  been  Bonne  Passe,  (a 
good  channel),  though  in  fact  it  can  hardly  be 
said  to  have  any  channel. 

There  was  an  Indian  chief  in  some  of  the 
southern  territories,  so  noted  for  his  vigilance 
that  he  was  said  by  his  followers  to  '*  sleep 
with  one  eye;"  in  consequence  of  which  the 
French  termed  him  Dor  d^un  (Eily  and  bestowed 
the  same  appellation  upon  a  small  creek  which 
watered  his  hunting  grounds.  The  Americans 
adopted  the  sense,  and  as  nearly  as  they  could, 
the  sound  of  this  significant  cognomen,  and  the 
creek  is  still  called  Dordon  Eye. 

The  term  "  Lost  Creek"  occurs  to  the  tra- 
veller so  frequently  as  to  excite  his  curiosity. 
Poets,  indeed,  have  been  liberal  in  bestowing 
attributes  upon  the  limpid  stream,  which  is 
said  to  babble  and  to  murmur,  to  creep  slug- 


200  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

gishly  along,  or  to  "  hold  its  way  rejoicing." 
There  is  even  morality  in  water-courses,  and 
one  bard  discovers  '*  books  in  the  running 
brooks."  But  though  brooks  run,  and  even 
wander  and  stray,  no  one  ever  heard  until  now 
of  their  getting  lost.  Yet  it  seems  that  this  acci- 
dent sometimes  befalls  them.  In  a  level,  woodv 
country,  where  the  soil  is  rich  and  deep,  a  small 
stream  sometimes  spreads  by  innumerable  small 
channels  over  a  vast  surface,  until  its  distinctive 
character  is  lost  in  swamps  and  puddles  ;  a 
creek  which  falls  into  this  dilemma  is  sure  to  be 
dubbed  "  Lost  Creek."  Woe  to  the  traveller 
who  finds  this  name  upon  the  road  before  him — 
dismal  swamps  and  miry  paths  await  him. 

The  word  country  is  used  by  our  people  in  a 
manner  peculiar  to  themselves.  When  we  say 
"  this  country,"  we  do  not  mean  North  Ame- 
rica, nor  the  United  States,  nor  any  state,  but 
a  particular  section  of  country,  frequently  of 
indefinite  extent.  Thus  that  part  of  Kentucky 
which  lies  south  of  Green  River  is  called  the 
Green  River  Country ;  a  part  of  Illinois,  lying 
upon  the  Sangamon  River,  is  cdiWedi  the,  Sang amoyi 
Country ;  the  province  of  Texas  is  called  the 


NAMES  OF  PLACES.  201 

TeA'as  Country  ;  and  a  part  of  the  State  of  New 
York  used  to  be  called  (and  may  be  yet)  the 
Genessee  Country.  The  phrase  is  arbitrary  and 
.fluctuating — sometimes  applied  to  a  state,  and 
sometimes  to  a  part  of  a  state — now  to  a  coun- 
try, and  at  other  times  to  several  countries.  It 
Is  applied  to  a  large  region,  when  that  region 
is  unsettled,  or  has  not  yet  been  divided  into 
districts  or  counties,  or  when  those  divisions 
are  little  known,  and  the  names  of  them  not  in 
familiar  use.  What  was  lately  called  the  Ala- 
bama Country,  is  now  the  State  of  Alabama,  and 
the  Red  River  Country  will  soon  be  divided 
between  Texas  and  Arkansas. 

The  people  of  Illinois  have  called  the  metrop- 
olis of  their  state  Vandalia.  As  this  designa- 
tion was  given  by  the  commissioners  who  se- 
lected this  spot  for  the  seat  of  government, 
not  a  little  surprise  was  excited  that  they  should 
have  chosen  so  barbarous  an  appellation.  It  is 
said,  that  while  they  were  in  solemn  deliberation 
on  this  point,  and  in  great  perplexity  to  find 
a  name  for  their  infant  city,  a  facetious  gentle- 
man, who  happened  to  be  present,  informed 
them,  that  there  had  been  a  tribe  of  Indians 


20*2  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

who  existed  many  centuries  ago,  among  the 
forests  and  prairies  which  now  form  the  fairest 
portion  of  this  state,  who  were  called  Vandals. 
There  was  also  a  contemporary  tribe  called 
Goths.  Whether  these  rival  nations  had  fought 
like  the  two  Kilkenny  cats,  who  devoured  each 
other  until  nothing  was  left  of  either  but  the 
tips  of  the  tails,  the  learned  gentleman  did  not 
state ;  but  the  name  of  Vandalia  was  adopted 
in  honour  of  the  aborigines.  This  story  has  pro- 
bably more  wit  than  truth  in  it.  It  is  also  said, 
that  this  place  was  called  after  a  Frenchman, 
one  of  the  first  whites  who  penetrated  these 
forests,  who  resided  for  many  years  near  this 
spot,  and  was  famous  as  an  expert  hunter  and 
a  daring  foe  to  his  Indian  neighbours. 

There  is  a  branch  of  the  Little  Wabash 
River  in  Illinois,  called  the  Skillet  Fork,  which 
took  its  name  from  the  following  circumstance. 
During  the  late  war,  companies  of  rangers  (a 
kind  of  mounted  militia)  were  ordered  out  to 
protect  the  western  frontiers  from  the  Indians  ; 
a  detachment  of  these  troops,  under  the  com- 
mand of  Colonel  Willis  Hargrave,  now  a  Major 
General  of  Militia  in  this  state,   having  fallen 


NAMES  OF  PLACES.  ^03 

upon  the  track  of  some  Indians,  pursued  them 
to  the  banks  of  this  stream,  where  they  lost 
the  track — the  Indians  having  taken  to  the 
water.  It  was  necessary  to  cross  over  to  con- 
tinue the  chase  j  but  the  stream,  swelled  with 
rains,  roared  like  a  torrent,  and  the  shores  were 
so  abrupt  that  it  was  impossible  to  plunge  the 
horses  in  with  their  riders,  and  if  they  could 
even  have  reached  the  opposite  bank,  it  would 
have  been  impracticable  to  ascend  it.  Such 
obstacles  are  easily  surmounted  by  backwoods- 
men, unused  to  ferries  and  bridges.  The  men 
were  soon  employed  in  constructing  rafts  to 
carry  them  over  ;  one  headstrong  fellow,  named 
Smith,  dashed  forward — reached  the  edge  of 
the  bank — plunged  in — and  horse  and  rider  dis- 
appeared. In  a  moment  Smith  was  seen  swim- 
ming in  one  direction,  and  his  horse  in  another, 
botli  dashing  the  waves  aside,  *'  with  hearts  of 
controversy ;"  both  reached  the  land  in  safety, 
but  with  the  loss  of  the  baggage.  The  party 
soon  crossed,  but  a  sad  discovery  awaited  them  : 
they  were  divided  into  messes,  and  one  man  was 
appointed,  each  day,  in  every  mess^  to  cook  the 
victuals  and  carry  the  culinary  utensils.     Smith 


^Oi  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

held  the  important  office  of  cook  on  that  event- 
ful day,  and  when  they  encamped  in  the  even- 
ins:  it  was  discovered  that  his  mess  were  not 
only  destitute  of  provisions,  but  had  lost  what 
was  of  infinitely  more  importance,  a  skillet 
which  composed  the  whole  apparatus  of  their 
kitchen  ;  the  "  envious  wave''  had  robbed  him 
of  skillet,  bread,  bear-meat  and  all.  Here  was 
a  dilemma !  a  woful  dilemma,  which  none  but 
Indian  hunters  can  appreciate.  Bread  could 
not  be  procured  in  the  woods,  and  game  they 
dared  not  shoot,  for  fear  of  alarming  the  foe, 
whose  footsteps  they  were  silently  tracking.  But 
if  Providence  had  showered  mamiain  their  path, 
or  their  own  cunning  ensnared  the  *'  dappled 
denizen  of  the  forest,"  of  what  avail  would  it 
have  been  ?  They  had  no  skillet  wherein  to 
dress  it !  The  vexation  of  the  ??iess,  the  cha- 
grin of  Smith,  and  the  jests  of  their  comrades, 
kept  the  affair  alive  in  their  memories  for  a 
long  while,  and  the  stream  which  caused  this 
dire  mishap  is  still  called  the  Skillet  Fork. 

Another  creek  in  this  state,  was  named  by 
the  same  party.  They  were  lying  on  its 
banks  round  afire,  at  night,  when  some  of  the 


NAMES  OF  PLACES.  205 

company  undertook  to  practise  a  joke  upon 
Smith.  A  sappling  was  bent  to  the  ground,  to 
which  they  tied  his  heels  as  he  slept,  and  on 
letting  it  go  he  was  swung  aloft.  His  cries 
roused  the  whole  party,  who,  imagining  the 
Indians  were  at  hand,  flew  to  their  posts,  nor 
was  the  alarm  dispelled,  until  the  unlucky  cause 
of  it  was  discovered  dangling  in  the  air.  The 
stream  was  called  S??nth's  Fork,  and  still  retains 
the  name. 

About  twelve  or  fourteen  years  ago,  a  gentle- 
man named  Rector,  a  brother  of  the  late  Surveyor 
General,  was  travelling  from  St.Louis  to  Shawnee 
Town,  when  he  fell  into  an  ambuscade  of  hostile 
Indians,  within  twenty  miles  of  the  latter  place. 
He  was  not  aware  of  his  danger  until  he  saw 
himself  surrounded  by  the  foe,   and  heard  the 
appalling  war-whoop   of  the  painted   warriors, 
who  issued,  like  the  followers  of  Roderick  Dhu,      ^ 
from  every  shade.      Directly  in  the  path,   but  a 
few  paces  before  him,  stood  a  savage,  who,  as  he 
discharged  his  rifle,  laughed  loud  with  a  diabol- 
ical   expression    of   malignant    triumph,   as   if 
sure  of  his  victim.     The  ball  passed  through 
Rector's    body,   who    still    retained    sufficient 


206  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

presence  of  mind  to  endeavour  to  escape. 
The  path  which  he  travelled  was  completely 
closed  behind  him  ;  before  him  was  a  deep  miry 
creek,  whose  high  perpendicular  banks  over- 
hanging the  channel,  seemed  to  render  a  passage 
impossible  at  any  place  but  the  ford  to  which 
he  had  been  hastening,  and  the  path  to  which 
was  occupied  by  the  enemy.  He  could  only 
give  the  rein  and  the  spur  to  his  horse,  and 
trust  to  Providence.  The  gallant  steed,  who 
was  also  badly  wounded,  quitting  the  path, 
rushed  to  the  bank  of  the  stream,  and  with  a 
desperate  leap,  plunged  to  the  bottom,  and 
extricating  himself  from  the  mire,  ascended  the 
steep  bank  on  the  opposite  side,  and  soon  bore 
his  master,  now  entirely  insensible,  beyond  the 
reach  of  danger.  The  Indians,  fearing  pursuit, 
fled  in  contrary  directions.  The  unconscious 
Rector  kept  his  seat  for  several  miles,  while 
the  noble  horse,  as  if  tender  of  his  charge,  car- 
ried him  safely  through  the  thick  and  bushy 
forest.  At  length  Rector  fell,  but  the  horse 
continued  to  fly  at  full  speed  until  he  reached 
the  Saline,  about  six  miles  from  the  scene  of 
the   disaster.      Here    a  few    persons  resided, 


NAMES  OF  PLACES.  207 

engaged  in  making  salt ;  to  whom  the  bleeding 
wounds  of  the  horse  readily  conveyed  the  in- 
telligence of  what  had  happened ;  but  they 
were  too  few  to  oppose  the  enemy,  nor  did 
they  dare  to  leave  their  families  exposed.  One 
of  them  was  sent  express  to  Shawnee  Town, 
who  quickly  returned  with  a  party  of  eight  or 
ten  men.  These,  reinforced  by  the  people  at 
the  Saline,  pursued  the  track  of  the  horse,  who 
was  readily  traced  through  the  snow,  which  lay 
deep  on  the  ground.  They  found  Rector, 
cold,  stiff,  and  apparently  dead  :  a  rifle  ball  had 
passed  through  his  breast.  Happily  one  of  the 
party  was  a  physician,  through  whose  care  and 
skill  the  sufferer  was  resuscitated,  and  eventually 
recovered.  Leaving  a  few  of  then-  party  with 
the  wounded  man,  the  remainder  proceeded  to 
the  scene  of  action.  Here  they  found  the 
tracks  of  a  considerable  number  of  Indians  ; 
they  traced  the  horse  from  the  path  to  the 
edge  of  the  bank  j  they  saw  where  he  had  leaped 
down  a  descent  of  about  twenty  feet  to  the 
surface  of  the  water,  had  broken  through  the 
ice  in  the  middle  of  the  creek,  and  had  clamber- 
ed up  an   almost  perpendicular   bank    on  the 


^OS  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

other  side.  Had  not  the  new  fallen-snow,  the 
tracks  of  the  horse's  feet,  and  the  blood-drops 
which  marked  his  whole  course,  rendered  all 
this  as  plain  as  demonstration,  those  who  then 
stood  upon  the  margin  of  the  rivulet  would 
have  thought  it  impossible  for  a  horse  to  effect  a 
passage  at  that  spot ;  yet  Rector's  horse  accom- 
plished it,  bearing  a  heavy  burthen,  and  himself 
wounded  in  a  vital  part.  One  of  the  balls 
received  by  this  fine  animal  passed  through 
his  breast  immediately  behind  the  shoulders. 
Several  of  those  who  inspected  him,  who  had 
been  accustomed  to  hunting  all  their  lives,  and 
were  well  acquainted  with  the  formation  of 
quadrupeds,  and  the  effect  of  gun-shot  wounds, 
have  assured  me  that  nine  out  of  ten  would 
have  died  instantly  of  such  a  wound  ;  yet  the 
horse  recovered  to  entire  health,  and  was  cher- 
ished during  life  with  the  tenderest  care,  by 
his  grateful  master.  The  Indians  were  pursued 
for  a  considerable  distance,  but  not  overtaken. 
This  stream,  which  empties  itself  into  the  Saline 
River,  is  called  Rector's  Fork. 

You  will  perceive  that  where    two   streams 
unite,  the  lesser  is  frequently  termed  a  fork  of 


NAMES  OF  PLACES.  209 

the  larger  into  which  it  empties,  as  the  North 
Fork  of  the  Saline^  the  Skillet  Fork  of  Little 
Wabash,  Smith's  Fork  oi'  Muddy. 

Many  of  the  old  names  in  this  country  have 
been  anglicised,  though  not  often  judiciously. 
The  name  of  the  town  in  which  for   the  present 
I  have  fixed  my  *'  local  habitation,"  has  suffered 
a  very  disadvantageous  change.      The  Indian 
word  Sha-wa-noe  was  not  inharmonious,  but  it 
has   been    corrupted    into   Shawnee-Town.     A 
stream  which  the  French  called   la  Rivihre  au 
Vase   is  transformed  into  Muddy  ;  but  as  there 
happens  to  be  two  of  the  same  name,  they  are 
called  Big  and  Little  Muddy.     The  practice  of 
giving  the  same    name  to    two    neighbouring 
streams,  and  distinguishing  one  of  them  by  the 
classic  word  hig,  is  very  common.      We  have 
Big  and  Little  Wabash,  Big  and   Little  Miami, 
Big  and  Little  Beaver,  and  I  suppose  a  hundred 
other  such  ill  sorted  pairs,  who  seem  not  to  be 
united  under  any  canon   of  the  church,  or  rule 
of  taste.    I  once  travelled  through  Illinois  when 
the  waters  were  high  ;  and  when  I  was  told  that 
Little  Mary  would  stop  me,  and  that  to  get  by 
Big  Mary  was  impossible,  I   supposed  them  to 


210  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

be  attractive  damsels,  who,  like  beauteous  Circe 
of  old,  amused  themselves  with  playing  tricks 
upon  travellers.  But  lo !  instead  of  blushing, 
blooming,  and  melodious  maids,  I  found  tor- 
rents cold  as  ice,  and  boisterous  as  furies. 
Mary  is  too  sweet  a  name  to  be  thus  profaned. 

There  are  some  sentimental  names,  which 
should  not  be  forgotten — some  sweet-sounding 
epithets,  which  recal  the  joys  of  Arcadia. 
Such  are  Corydon,  Feliciana,  Cynthiana,  and 
divers  others,  equally  tender  and  appropriate. 

We  have  another  cognomen  peculiar  to  the 
West,  which  is  conveyed  in  the  beautiful  word 
LicJc.     We  have  Salt  Licks,  Blue  Licks,  Sulphur 
Licks,  Big  Bone  Licks,  and  Licks  of  all  sorts 
and  sizes.     The  word  is  uncouth  enough,  but 
is  very  descriptive,  and  designates  those  spots 
which  have  been  frequented  by  wild  grazing 
animals,  for  the  purpose   of  licking  the  saline 
particles  with  which  the  earth  is  impregnated. 
Some  of  these  places  have  been  licked  for  cen- 
turies, until  vast  cavities  have  been  formed  in 
the  surface  of  the  ground.     By  these  appear- 
ances the  early  settlers  were  directed  to  many 
valuable   minerals.     But  surely  this  barbarous 


NAMES  OF  PLACES.  211 

appellative  might  be  dropped  now,  when  the 
aboriginal  lickei^s  have  been  expelled,  and  these 
places  converted  into  valuable  manufactories, 
and  polite  watering-places. 

An  extensive  genus  of  names  is  derived  from 
our  patriotic  ancestors,  and  from  living  charac- 
ters of  celebrity.  The  western  people  have 
displayed  an  honourable  feeling  in  thus  per- 
petuating the  memories  of  distinguished  men. 
In  Kentucky,  out  of  seventy-one  counties,  all  are 
called  after  eminent  men  but  eight.  Ohio,  in 
1819,  had  fifty  counties,  of  which  thirty  were 
called  after  individuals,  ten  have  Indian  names, 
and  one  is  called  Liching.  In  Illinois  and  In- 
diana, all  the  counties  are  named  in  the  same 
manner,  except  two  in  each  state.  A  large 
number  of  towns  are  also  named  after  patriots 
and  heroes.  From  this  laudable  custom,  a 
serious  inconvenience  arises  in  the  frequent 
repetition  of  the  same  name  ;  an  evil  which  is 
aggravated  by  a  foolish  propensity  of  emi- 
grants for  naming  the  place  at  which  they 
settle  in  honour  of  that  which  they  have  left. 
We  have  now  in  the  United  States  about  twenty 
Salems  ;    we  have  Fairfields,    Clearfields,   and 

p  2 


^12  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

Middletowns,  without  number.  The  Washing- 
tons,  Waynes,  and  Jeffersons,  baffle  calcula- 
tion. 

The  seat  of  Government  of  Missouri  is  to 
be  removed  to  Cote  sans  Dessein,  which,  it  is 
said,  is  to  assume  the  name  of  MissouriopoliS' 
Indiana  has  called  her  capital  Lidianopolis ;  and 
it  is  to  be  hoped,  that  Arkansas  will  adopt  A.rko- 
polis  ;  for  such  is  the  passion  for  imitation, 
that  a  name  no  sooner  gets  into  genteel  use, 
than  it  goes  the  rounds. 

Thus  I  have  written  you  a  long  letter  on  a  very 
scientific  subject,  and  which,  if  our  country  was 
a  thousand  years  older,  might  make  me  a  fellow 
of  a  philosophical  society.  But,  alas!  we  know 
our  origin  so  well,  that  there  is  no  chance  of 
passing  for  an  antiquary  now-a-days — unless 
indeed  we  delve  into  Indian  lore,  an  unpro- 
fitable field  !  for  the  wisest  of  those  who  explore 
it  are  unable  to  determine  whether  our  copper- 
coloured  brethren  are  Jews,  Kamschatkadales, 
or  Welshmen.  The  subject,  however,  of 
which  I  have  treated  is  not  without  interest. 
Older  nations  know  nothing  of  the  origin  or 
meaning  of  half  the  names  which  occur  on  their 


NAMES  OF  PLACES.  213 

maps,  and  many  a  solitary  midnight  lamp   has 
in  vain  lent  its  rays  to   develoj)  the  obscurity. 
A  mysterious  appellation,  supposed  to  be  fraught 
with  meaning,  has  often  been  chased  with  un- 
availing assiduity,  through  labyrinths  of  parch- 
ment and  black  letter,  and  finally  lost  among 
the  mists   of  tradition — which,   if  discovered, 
might  be  found  to  be  as  frivolous  in  its  appli- 
cation, as  some  of  those  which  I  have  explained. 
No  other  nation  has  had  the  opportunity  which 
we  enjoy,    of  forming    its    own    geographical 
vocabulary.     They  have  been  indebted  to  acci- 
dent, or  to  the  rude  conceptions  of  the  nations 
who  preceded  them,  for  that  which  among  us  is 
to  be  the  fruit  of  our  own  taste.     Nations  are 
continually  rising  to  power,  or  declining  into 
imbecility,  and  their  rise  or  fall  is  a  continual 
lesson,    fraught    with    instruction.      In    these 
changes    every  institution   bears    a   part,    and 
therefore  should  the  progress  of  every  institu- 
tion, however  trifling,  which  forms  an  integral 
part  of  national  character  or  wealth,    be  ob- 
served.    A  Latin    poet  has  said,  stultus  labor 
est  ineptiarumy  and  I  am  not  disposed  to  con- 
trovert   the    maxim  ;    for    I   do  not   consider 


214  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

that  employment  trifling,  which  may  add  a 
mite  to  the  literature  of  my  country  or  to  the 
amusement  of  my  friends.  For  them  I  shall 
always  be  proud  to  toil,  though  sober-sided 
Gravity  may  shake  his  head,  and  his  friend  the 
critic  pronounce  my  exertions  labor  ineptiarum. 


SHAWNEE  TOWN,  ETC.  215 


LETTER  XIV. 

SHAWNEE  TOWN  AND  ITS  VICINITY. 

No  place  in  the  western  country  has  been 
more  vilified  than  Shawnee  Town.  The  slang 
which  English  travellers  adopt  in  relation  to 
every  thing  American,  has  been  used  even  by 
our  countrymen  in  relation  to  this  place.  If 
the  former  only  had  depreciated  its  local  and 
moral  character,  its  inhabitants  might  be  satis- 
fied ;  for,  accustomed  as  Englishmen  are  to  sneer 
at  all  that  is  respectable  in  our  institutions,  or 
attractive  in  our  natural  or  political  history, 
all,  in  short,  that  evinces  the  superiority  of  a 
young,  vigorous,  and  virtuous  country,  over 
the  vicious  decrepitude  of  "  the  fast  anchored 
isle,"  their  censure  is  the  best  praise  that  could 
be  extorted  from  their  lips.  The  present  race 
of  Shaxmnoese  have  indeed  been  depicted   as 


21  f)  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

being  in  no  wise  superior  to  their  savage  pre-' 
decessors  :  nor  could  the  picture  drawn  of  them 
have  been  much  aggravated  by  adding  the 
crimes  of  Sodom  and  the  plagues  of  Egypt.  A 
few  years  ago,  the  traveller,  when  he  arrived 
here,  loosened  the  hilt  of  his  dirk,  and  prepared 
to  gallop  through  as  fast  as  possible,  fully  con- 
vinced that  every  moment  was  fraught  with 
peril ;  he  fancied  that  if  he  should  be  so  fortu- 
nate as  not  to  fall  into  the  hands  of  the  natives^ 
he  had  still  to  apprehend  the  danger  of  having 
his  joints  racked  with  the  ague,  and  all  the 
blood  in  his  veins  sucked  out  by  the  musquitoes. 
There  is  one  advantage  at  least,  in  a  credulous 
disposition,  that  it  always  furnishes  an  ample 
harvest  of  the  marvellous  to  those  whose  want 
of  intellect  disables  them  from  gathering  amuse- 
ment from  other  sources. 

It  would  be  tedious  to  cite  all  the  authors 
who  have  disseminated  such  nonsense.  Gentle- 
men who  travel,  and  write  their  travels,  too 
often  imitate  the  conduct  of  a  certain  English 
tourist,  wdio,  on  arriving  at  a  town  in  Europe, 
where  he  was  received  by  a  red-haired  landlord 
and  a  drunken  landlady,  noted  in  his  common- 


SWAWNEE  TOWN,  ETC.  217 

place  book,  "  all  the  men  in  Alsace  are  red- 
haired,  and  the  women  get  drunk.''  It  would 
be  useless  to  attempt  to  reclaim  such  licentious 
tourists  ;  we  might  as  well  "  whistle  jigs  to  a 
mile-stone"  as  expostulate  with  those  who  thus 
sin  against  light  and  knowledge.  But  we  can 
expose  them. 

A  writer  of  a  book  of  "  Geographical  Sketches 
on  the  Western  country,"  published  at  Cincin- 
natti  in  1819,  comprises  all  his  knowledge  of 
Shawnee  Town  in  the  following  brief  paragraph  : 
*'  Shawnee  Town,  eight  miles  below  the  Wabash, 
on  the  Ohio,  is  subject  to  inundation  by  high 
water.  It  is  the  place  where  courts  of  justice 
are  held  for  Gallatin  County.  It  contains  a 
bank  called  the  Great  Bank  of  Illinois,  with  a 
ca])ital  of  two  millions  of  dollars,  and  aland  office 
for  the  district."  The  writer  of  this  would  have 
conferred  a  singular  favour  upon  the  inhabitants 
of  Shawnee  Town,  if  he  had  been  good  enough 
to  designate  exactly  the  street,  lane,  or  alley, 
upon  which  this  Great  Bank  is  situated,  as  the 
oldest  inhabitants  have  no  recollection  of  any 
such  institution.  In  the  present  scarcity  of 
money  such  a  bank  would  be  much  resorted  to 


218  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

for  loans,  and  out  of  two  millions  must  no  doubt 
have  several  odd  hundreds  of  thousands  of  idle 
specie,  the  emission  of  which  would  be  highly 
beneficial.  It  is  hoped  that  the  author  will 
furnish  the  desired  information  on  this  point,  in 
his  next  edition  of  "  Sketches  on  the  Western 
Country,"  and  that  he  will  style  this  mammoth 
xcnstitution  the  Father  Bank  of  the  West,  in  op- 
position to  the  Mother  Bank  at  Philadelphia. 
There  is  a  little  bank  here,  with  a  capital  of  three 
hundred  thousand  dollars,  which  has  been  in 
operation  eight  or  nine  years,  and  amid  the  wreck 
of  credit  and  the  crush  of  banks,  has  always 
paid  specie  for  its  notes,  and  retained  the 
public  confidence.  But  as  this  is  a  mere 
chicken  compared  with  the  Colossus  above 
mentioned,  it  cannot  be  supposed  to  be  the  one 
alluded  to. 

The  following  account  of  the  same  place  is  ex- 
tracted from  "  The  Navigator :" — *'  It  possesses 
/  about  thirty  indifferent  cabin-roofed  houses, 
with  the  exception  of  one  or  two  that  are 
shingled.  It  has  a  post-office,  two  or  three  in- 
different taverns,  and  several  dram-shops.  The 
U.  S.  saline  salt  works  being  near  this  place. 


SHAWNEE  TOWN,  ETC.  219 

they  give  employment  and  afford  a  source  of 
trade  to  such  of  the  inhabitants  as  are  indus- 
trious and  enterprising.  The  town  is  subject 
to  the  inundations  of  the  river  ;  and  during  those 
of  the  winter  and  spring  of  1813,  the  inhabitants 
were  obhged  to  abandon  their  houses."  I  will 
at  once  concede  the  praise  of  general  accuracy, 
and  uniform  integrity  of  purpose,  to  the  com- 
piler of  this  work  ;  his  fault  in  this  instance 
consists  in  allowing  what  was  true  when  it  was 
written,  to  remain  unaltered  in  subsequent  edi- 
tions, without  adverting  to  the  rapid  growth  of 
the  western  towns. 

Mr.  Birkbeck,  with  the  best  of  motives,  adopts 
a  wonderful  mistake.  He  expresses  his  sur- 
prise that  the  inhabitants  should  tenaciously 
adhere  to  a  spot,  from  which  they  are  annually 
driven  by  inundation,  and  forced  to  take  refuge 
on  the  hills. 

The  Quarterly  Review  says,  "A  dirk  is  the 
constant  companion  of  every  gentleman  in  Illi- 
nois," which  of  course  includes  the  good  peo- 
ple of  Shawnee.  Rejecting  all  these  accounts, 
I  will  give  you  that  which  I  believe  to  be 
correct. 


220        LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

J  Shawnee  Town  occupies  a  beautiful  situation 

on  the  western  bank  of  the  Ohio,  nine  miles 
below  the  mouth  of  the  Wabash,  and  one  hun- 
dred and  twenty  miles  above  the  junction  of 
the  Ohio  and  Mississippi.  Its  distance  from 
Pittsburgh,  by  water,  is  about  a  thousand  miles, 
and  from  New  Orleans  about  eleven  hundred. 
The  town  stands  on  a  level  plain,  and  embraces 
a  view  of  the  river  of  four  or  five  miles  in  each 
direction. 

There  was  formerly  a  village  of  Shawnee 
Indians  at  this  spot,  but  it  was  forsaken  before 
the  whites  attempted  a  settlement,  and  no 
vestige  of  it  now  remains  but  two  small  mounds. 
A  few  cabins  were  afterwards  built  by  the 
French  traders  ;  but  these  had  also  disappeared, 
and  the  ground  was  covered  with  bushes,  when 
the  present  town  was  established.  As  recently 
as  the  year  1808,  there  was  not  a  house  on  the 
ground  ;  in  February  1812,  an  office  for  the 
sale  of  public  lands  was  established  at  this 
place  ;  and  in  March  1814,  an  act  was  passed  by 
Congress,  providing  that  two  sections  of  land 
adjoining  Shawnee  Town  should  be  laid  out 
into  town-lots,  streets,  avenues,  and  outlets,  and 


SHAWNEE  TOWN,  ETC.  221 

sold  in  the  same  manner  as  other  public  lands. 
The  town  now  contains  about  one  hundred 
houses,  of  which  five  or  six  are  of  brick,  several 
of  frame,  and  the  remainder  of  log.  It  has 
twelve  stores,  at  which  a  large  and  active  trade 
is  carried  on,  besides  a  number  of  shops  of  a 
smaller  description  ;  two  excellent  taverns,  an 
independent  bank,  and  a  branch  of  the  state 
bank ;  a  land  office,  a  post  office,  two  printing- 
offices;  and  furnishes  employment  to  carpenters, 
cabinet  makers,  blacksmiths,  tailors,  shoe- 
makers, bakers,  and  other  mechanics,  of  whom 
a  number  are  settled  here. 

The  ground,  as  is  usually  the  case  in  bottom 
lands,  is  higher  on  the  edge  of  the  river,  where 
the  town  stands,  than  at  some  distance  back, 
and  the  town  is  often  insulated,  when  not 
actually  overflowed.  The  waters  begin  to 
swell  in  February  or  March,  and  continue 
rising  for  several  weeks.  The  greatest  rise, 
from  the  lowest  to  the  highest  point,  is  about 
fifty  feet.  The  greatest  floods  of  which  we 
have  any  account,  were  i«  1813  and  1815, 
when  the  water  covered  all  the  streets,  and 
entered  the  lower  apartments  of  the  dwellings, 


^ 


222  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

reaching  nearly  to  the    second   floors.     Since 
that  time   the  inhabitants   have   not  been  ex- 
pelled by  the  conquering  element,  although  the 
water  annually  covers  the  plain  in  the  rear  of 
the  town,  and  advances  in  front  to  their  very 
doors.  The  inconvenience  and  alarm  occasioned 
by  the  inundations  are  not  so  great  as  might  be 
supposed.      The  alarm  is  little,  and  that  little  is 
imaginary,  because  the  irruption  is  not  sudden, 
nor  accompanied  with  any  violent  current,  or 
destructive  consequence ;  and  the  inconvenience 
is  temporary,  as  the  waters  subside   in   a  few 
days,  and  the  soil  being  sandy,  and  its  surface 
uneven,  no  moisture  remains.      A  small  deposit 
of  decayed  vegetable  matter  is  left,    but  not 
enough  to  corrupt  the  atmosphere:  and  even 
this,  before  the  weather  becomes  warm,  loses 
its  deleterious  quality  by  evaporation,   or  yields' 
its  juices  to  the  vegetable  kingdom.     When  the 
river  first   begins   to   swell,    it  usually  rises  as 
much  as  three  or  four  feet  in  twenty-four  hours ; 
but  as  the  volume  of  water  increases,  its  velo- 
city becomes  greater,  while  the  widening  of  the 
banks  affords  it  room  to  expand,   and  the  rise 
becomes  daily  less  perceptible.      At  length   it 


SHAWNEE  TOWN,  ETC.  ^2^3 

begins  to  fill  the  bayoux,  backs  up  the  channels 
of  the  tributary  streams,  and  at  last  spreads  over 
the  banks,  covering  the  bottoms  for  miles.  This 
gradual  process  affords  ample  time  to  the  inha- 
bitants to  secure  their  cattle,  and  to  retreat  if 
necessary.  The  largest  body  of  water  naturally 
flows  in  the  deepest  channel,  and  here  of  course 
is  the  swiftest  current,  while  the  shallow  waters 
which  cover  the  alluvial,  flow  backwards  in 
eddies,  or  have  no  perceptible  motion.  For 
this  reason,  dwellings  are  not  swept  away,  and 
the  inhabitants  retreat  with  safety  when  the 
dwellings  are  no  longer  tenable. 

Shawnee  Town  is  never  overflowed  by  ordi- 
nary floods.  To  produce  this  effect  a  number 
of  circumstances  must  concur.  All  the  rivers 
which  are  tributary  to  the  Ohio  must  swell  at 
'once ;  and  as  these  are  distributed  through 
Kentucky,  Virginia,  Pennsylvania,  New  York, 
Ohio,  Indiana,  and  Illinois,  there  must  be  a 
thaw  so  general  as  to  melt  the  snow  in  all  those 
states,  or  rains  pervading  that  whole  region. 
It  has  also  been  remarked,  that  this  town  has 
never  been  inundated,  except  when  the  Wabash 
and  the  Ohio  have  risen  at  the  same  time  :  an 


224  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

event  which,  in  the  ordinary  course  of  things,  can 
seldom  happen,  as  the  sources  of  these  streams 
are  so  widely  separated  that  a  common  cause 
can  seldom  affect  them  both  at  the  same  time. 
It  is  true,  that  there  is  a  general  similarity  of 
climate  throughout  all  the  region  watered  by 
the  Ohio,  and  that  the  approach  of  spring- 
produces,  throughout,  the  same  effect — the 
melting  of  snow,  the  fall  of  rain,  and  the  rising 
of  rivers.  But  these  occurrences  are  accelerated 
or  retarded,  in  particular  places,  by  slight 
changes  of  weather,  the  fountains  are  broken 
up  in  detail,  the  waters  pass  off  in  succession, 
and  the  congregated  power  of  the  whole  is 
seldom  seen.  Thus,  instead  of  an  annual 
migration,  the  inhabitants  of  Shawnee  Town 
have  been  driven  to  this  expedient  but  twice. 

It  might  be  worthy  of  inquiry,  whether  the* 
opening  and  settling  the  lands  upon  the  head 
waters  of  the  tributary  streams,  will  not  at  some 
future  period  decrease  the  spring  floods  of  the 
Ohio.  Will  not  the  climate  become  ameliorated, 
and  the  quantity  of  snow  lessened,  when  the 
surface  of  the  earth  shall  be  fully  exposed  to 
the  warmth  of  the  sun  ?      Will  not  the  accumu- 


SHAWNEE  TOWN,  ETC.  225 

lation  of  snow  be  lessened,  by  its  melting  as  it 
falls  upon  the  earth  thus  exposed  ?  And  will 
not  the  snow,  which  now  remains  buried  among 
the  mountains,  or  in  the  forests,  during  the  whole 
winter,  and  suddenly  precipitates  itself  in 
immense  floods  in  the  spring,  be  gradually 
diminished  by  every  gleam  of  sunshine? 

That  the  low  grounds  along  the  margin  of 
the  Oliio  will  be  embanked,  and  the  stream 
confined  within  its  proper  channel,  as  soon  as 
those  lands  shall  acquire  a  value  sufficient  to 
support  the  expense,  cannot  be  doubted.  The 
Mississippi  bottoms  have  been  thus  reclaimed, 
where  the  volume  of  w^ater  and  its  perpendic- 
ular are  both  vastly  greater  than  in  the  Ohio. 
When  this  shall  be  effected,  the  stream,  which  is 
now  continually  changing  its  bed,  and  cutting 
new  channels,  will  be  confined  within  definite 
bounds  ;  the  body  of  water  will  be  narrower  and 
deeper  ;  its  velocity  will  be  increased  ;  and  the 
force  which  is  now  wasted  in  washing  the  soil 
from  one  bank,  and  depositing  it  upon  another, 
will  be  perpetually  exerted  in  deepening  the 
channel.      Many  years,  perhaps  ages,   will  be 

Q 


y 


226  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

consumed  in  producing  these  changes  ;  but  the 
consummation  must  be  equally  advantageous 
to  the  navigation  and  to  the  health  of  the 
country. 

The   unhealthiness   of    Shawnee   Town   has 
been   assumed    as    a    fact  naturally  resulting 
from  its  position.     But,  in  point  of  fact,  its  in- 
habitants have  been  more  healthy  than  those  of 
any  town  upon  the  river,  below  the  falls.     As 
to  musquitoes,   they  must  be   admitted  to  be 
quite  as  numerous  as  the  worst  enemies  to  re- 
pose   and   pleasant   dreams    could   desire,~as 
large,  as  vigorous,  and  as  musical,  as  any  other 
musquitoes,  grow  where  they  may.     We  have 
heard  marvellous  tales  of  the  doings  of  these 
pestiferous  insects.     I  forget  whether  it  is  Mr. 
Weld,  or  Mr.  Ash,  or  Mr.   Moore,  who  tells 
of  an  audacious  musquitoe  which  bit   General 
Washington  through  the  sole  of  his  boot ;     or 
which  of  them  it  is  who  relates  the  tale  of  a  canoe 
which  was  eaten  down  to  the  water's  edge,  by 
these  ravenous  prowlers,  who  "  smelt  the  blood 
of  an  Englishman,"  sweating  under  a  load  of 
blankets  within  the  narrow  vessel.     I  have  seen 
none  quite  so  large  or  so  malignant  as  these ; 


SHAWNEE  TOWN,  ETC.  2^7 

but  I  have  seen  the  air  filled  with  them,  and 
have  heard  them  buzzing  the  livelong  night, 
with  a  noise  as  loud  as  that  created  by  a  nu- 
merous commonwealth  of  active  bees.  Tliere 
are  two  varieties.  The  spring-musquitoe 
makes  it  appearance  with  the  earliest  warm 
weather,  and  remains  a  few  weeks,  sometimes 
only  a  few  days :  it  is  a  feeble  insect,  seldom 
biting,  and  more  troublesome  to  brutes  than  to 
men.  It  is  most  numerous  in  the  woods  and 
low,  wet  situations,  and  seldom  appears  in  the 
sunshine  ;  its  most  distinctive  characteristic  is, 
that  it  appears  only  in  the  day,  while  the  fall 
?)iiisquitoe  is  seen  only  at  night.  The  latter  is 
more  muscular  and  sprightly,  with  a  good  ap- 
petite and  sharp  teeth  ;  it  is  also  more  dissi- 
pated, frolicking  all  night,  and  sleeping  all  day. 
It  prefers  human  blood  to  that  of  brutes,  while 
its  vernal  archetype  has  a  directly  opposite  taste. 
The  fall  musquitoe  makes  its  appearance  late 
in  the  summer,  and  remains  until  the  first  frost. 
A  simple  artifice  is  resorted  to  for  protection 
against  these  marauders  —  the  musquitoe  bar. 
This  is  a  curtain,  of  the  tliinnest  gauze,  or  leno, 
or  some  such  slight  fabric,  which   admits  the 


2€8  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

air,  and  excludes  the  musquitoe.  This  is 
drawn  closely  round  the  bed,  so  as  to  leave  no 
crevice  through  which  the  enemy  can  enter ;  and 
woe  to  the  negligent  wight  who  omits  to  tuck  in 
his  bar  ;  better  endure  the  stings  of  conscience, 
or  the  freaks  of  Queen  Mab  in  her  worst  of 
humours  :  no  drug  nor  potion  shall  "  medicine 
him  to  that  sweet  sleep"  he  knew  before. 

A  remarkable  difference  occurs  in  the  effect 
produced  by  the  bite  of  this  insect  upon  dif- 
ferent persons.  Natives,  or  persons  acclimated 
by  a  residence  of  several  years,  experience  no 
other  inconvenience  than  instant  pain  or  itch- 
ing, which  subsides  immediately,  and  leaves  no 
vestige.  But  foreigners  are  poisoned  by  the 
bite  ;  a  slight  inflammation  ensues,  which  lasts 
for  several  days.  I  have  seen  an  English  lady, 
not  remarkably  ugly  before,  become  absolutely 
hideous  in  consequence  of  the  vile  pimples  left 
by  these  venomous  creatures  ;  and  T  knew  ano- 
ther, whose  feet  were  so  much  swollen  that  she 
was  unable  to  put  on  her  shoes.  But  such 
instances  seldom  occur,  if  ever,  among  the 
natives  or  residents. 

Before  the  introduction  of  steam-boats  upon 


SHAWNEE  TOWN,  ETC.  229 

this  river,  its  immense  commerce  was  chiefly 
carried  on  by  means  of  barges — large  boats, 
calculated  to  descend  as  well  as  to  ascend  the 
stream,  and  which  required  many  hands  to 
navigate  them.  Each  barge  carried  from 
thirty  to  forty  boatmen,  and  a  number  of  these 
boats  frequently  sailed  in  company.  The  arri- 
val of  such  a  squadron  at  a  small  town  was 
the  certain  forerunner  of  riot.  The  boatmen, 
proverbially  lawless  and  dissolute,  were  often 
more  numerous  than  the  citizens,  and  indulged, 
without  restraint,  in  every  species  of  de- 
bauchery, outrage,  and  mischief.  Wherever 
vice  exists  will  be  found  many  to  abet  and 
to  take  advantage  of  its  excesses  ;  and  these 
towns  were  filled  with  the  wretched  ministers 
of  crime.  Sometimes,  the  citizens,  roused  to 
indignation,  attempted  to  enforce  the  laws  ; 
but  the  attempt  was  regarded  as  a  declaration 
of  war,  which  arrayed  the  offenders  and  their 
allies  in  hostility ;  the  inhabitants  were  obliged 
to  unite  in  the  defence  of  each  other,  and  the 
contest  usually  terminated  in  the  success  of 
that  party  which  had  least  to  lose,  and  were  most 
prodigal  of  life  and  careless  of  consequences. 


S30  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

The  rapid  emigration  to  this  country  was  be- 
ginning to  afford  these  towns  such  an  increase  of 
population  as  would  have  ensured  their  ascen- 
dancy over  the  despots  of  the  river,  when  the 
introduction  of  steam-boats  at  once  effected  a 
revolution. 

The  substitution  of  machinery  for   manual 
labour,    occasioned    a  vast  diminution  in   the 
number  of  men  required  for  the  river  naviga- 
tion.    A  steam -boat,  with  the  same  crew  as  a 
barge,  will  carry  ten  times  the  burthen,  and 
perform  her  voyage  in  a  fifth  part  of  the  time 
required  by  the  latter.     The  bargemen  infest- 
ed the  whole  country,  by  stopping  frequently, 
and   often   spending   their    nights   on    shore ; 
while  the  steam-boats  pass   rapidly  from    one 
large  port  to  another,  making  no  halt  but  to 
receive  or  discharge  merchandise,  at  interme- 
diate places.     The  commanders  of  steam-boats 
are  men  of  character;  property  to  an  immense 
amount  is  intrusted  to  their  care  ;  their  respon- 
sibility is  great ;  and  they  are  careful  of  their 
own  deportment,  and  of  the  conduct  of  those 
under  their   controul.     The  number  of  boat- 
men is  therefore  not  only  greatly  reduced,  in 


SHAWNEE  TOWN,  ETC.  231 

proportion  to  the  amount  of  trade,  but  a  sort 
of  discipline  is  introduced  among  them,  while 
the  increase  of  population  has  enabled  the  towns 
to  maintain  their  police. 

During  the  reign  of  the  bargemen,  Shawnee 
Town,  and  other  places  on  the  river,  were 
described  as  presenting  the  most  barbarous 
scenes  of  outrage,  and  as  being  the  odious  re- 
ceptacles of  every  species  of  filth  and  villainy. 
These  accounts  were  probably  exaggerated ;  but 
that  they  were  true  to  a  certain  degree,  is 
readily  conceded.  But  the  disorderly  cha- 
racter acquired  by  these  towns  in  the  manner  I 
have  related,  is  unjustly  attributed  to  them  now, 
when  the  fruitful  cause  of  their  worst  vices 
has  been  removed,  and  when  wholesome  regu- 
lations ensure  protection  to  the  peaceable  and 
industrious.  Shawnee  Town  is  now  a  quiet  place, 
exhibiting  much  of  the  activity  of  business, 
with  but  little  dissipation,  and  still  less  of  out- 
breaking disorder. 

The  Saline  Reserve  commences  a  few  miles 
from  Shawnee  Town,  and  embraces  a  tract  of 
ninety  thousand  acres.  There  are  a  number  of 
wells  of  salt  water,  the  nearest  of  which  is  seven 


>/ 


Q3'2  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

and   the   farthest   fourteen    miles  from    town. 
The  Indians  resorted  to  these  Salines,  for  the 
purpose  of  making  salt,  previous  to  their  dis- 
covery by  the  whites ;  earthen  vessels,  of  dif- 
ferent sizes,  used  by  them  in  the  manufacture, 
have  been  found  in  large  numbers  by  the  per- 
sons employed  in  digging  wells.     Some  of  these 
are   large,  and   display  no  small  ingenuity   of 
workmanship  ;    they   are  generally   fractured ; 
but  one  or  two  have  been  found  entire.    Gigan- 
tic bones  of  quadrupeds  have  also  been  dis- 
interred,  resembling  the  huge  remains   which 
have   been  dug  from   the  Licks  in  Kentucky. 
Previous  to  the   erection    of  the  Illinois  Ter- 
ritory into  a  state,   the  Saline   was  leased   to 
individuals  by  the  United  States  ;  but  at  the  re- 
ception of  this  state  into  the  Union,  this  valuable 
tract  was  granted   to  it  in   perpetuity,  with  a 
restriction  that  it  should  not  be  leased  at  any 
time  for  a  longer  term  than  ten  years.     There 
are   now    five   salt  works   in   operation  in  the 
hands  of  different  individuals,  at  the  whole  of 
which   an   aggregate   of    immense   amount   in 
bushels  of  salt  are  manufactured  annually,  which 
sells  at  from  thirty-seven  and  a  half  to  fifty  cents 


SHAWNEF,  TOWN,  ETC.  VV  ^^'' 

a  bushel,  at  the  works,  or  in  Shawnee  Town. 
It  is  sold  by  weight,  the  bushel  being  estim^d 
at  sixty  pounds  ;  about  one  hundred  and  twenty 
gallons   of  water  yield   sixty   pounds   of  salt. 
The   large  tract  of  land  reserved  is    devoted 
solely  to  the  purpose  of  making  salt,  no  part  of 
it  being  leased  for  tillage  ;  the  object  of  this 
regulation  is  to  preserve  a  supply  of  timber  for 
fuel.     Beds  of  stone-coal  have  recently  been 
discovered  near  the  furnaces,  but  they  have  not 
yet  been  brought  into  use.     The  constitution 
of  this  state,  while  it  prohibited  slavery,  allowed 
the  salt  makers  to  hire  slaves  within  the  Saline 
boundary,  until  the  expiration  of  the  year  1825. 
AVliile  this  privilege,  which  was  suggested  by 
the  scarcity  of  labourers  in  a  new  country,  con- 
tinued to  exist,  the  labour  of  salt  making  was 
performed  by  negroes,  hired  from  the  people  of 
Kentucky  and  Tennessee.   A  temporary  suspen- 
sion of  operations  has  been  caused  by  the  change 
from  the  old  to  the  new  order  of  things.    What 
will  be  the  ultimate  effect  of  the  new  system  is 
bare  matter  of  conjecture ;  the  better  opinion 
seems  to  be  that  the  change  will  be  beneficial. 


234f  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 


LETTER  XV. 


NATIONAL    CHARACTER. 


Dear  N. 
If  in  the  little  circle  of  my  intellectual  plea- 
sures, there  is  one  which  affords  me  more 
enjoyment  than  any  other,  it  consists  in  tracing 
the  varieties  of  character  which  exist  in  the 
different  branches  of  our  great  national  family. 
It  is  interesting  to  observe,  how  soon  every 
new  country — nay,  even  every  little  colony, 
adopts  some  trait  of  habit  or  manners  pecuHar 
to  itself.  These  may  be  ascribed  to  local  cir- 
cumstances— cUmate,  soil,  and  situation,  all 
contribute  to  produce  them.  The  keen  blast 
that  invigorates  the  frame,  or  the  sultry  beam 
that  relaxes  the  system,  induces  a  corres- 
pondent effect  upon  the  mind  ;  abundance 
leads    to  luxury  j   while   the    inhabitant  of   a 


r 


NATIONAL  CHARACTER.  2S5 

niggard  soil,  must  be  frugal  and  industrious. 
But  there  are  a  thousand  other  causes  which 
produce  particular  customs  in  particular  places ; 
and  this  diversity,  which  to  me  is  highly  enter- 
taining, affords  an  ample  fund  of  rexation  to 
the  fastidious,  and  makes  room  for  innumerable 
sarcasms  from  those  travellers  who  delight  in 
ridiculing  every  thing  which  does  not  exactly 
accord  with  their  own  habits  or  notions  of  pro- 
priety.    One  of  Shakspeare's  contemporaries, 
in  speaking  of  him,  says,    *'  Ben  Jonson  and  he 
did  gather  humours  of  men   dayly,  wherever 
they  came."     We   have   seen  how  our  great 
dramatist  profited  by  this    employment  ;    but 
our  modern  travellers  seem  rather  disposed  to 
get  rid  of  their  own  humour s^  than  to  collect 
those  of  other  people.     But  ridicule  is  not  the 
test  of  truth  j  and  it  might  puzzle  those  gentle- 
men to  give  a  good  reason  why  their  own  cus- 
toms are  intrinsically  better  than  those  which 
amuse  them   abroad  :   you  may  smile  at  the 
rings  in  an  Indian  lady's  nose  ;  but  why  should 
they  not  be  as  graceful  as  those  in  the  Ameri- 
can lady's  ears  ? 

The  American  colonies  were  peopled  trom 


^36  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

Great  Britain,  and  the  western  states  derive 
their  inhabitants,  chiefly,  from  New  England  and 
Virginia.  Yet  when  the  American  looks  back 
at  his  British  ancestor,  he  discovers  few  traits  of 
similarity ;  and  the  back-woodsman  is  almost 
as  far  removed  from  his  eastern  progenitor. 
In  the  great  matters  of  religion  and  law,  all 
of  us  in  the  United  States  are  the  same — as  the 
children  of  one  family,  when  they  separate  in 
the  world,  still  preserve  the  impress  of  those 
principles  which  they  imbibed  from  a  common 
source  ;  but,  in  all  matters  of  taste  and  fancy, 
customs  and  exterior  deportment,  we  find  a 
variance.  Those  who  live  under  the  same 
government,  participate  in  the  same  laws,  and 
profess  the  same  religion — whose  representa- 
tives mingle  in  council,  whose  warriors  rally 
under  the  same  banner,  who  celebrate  the 
same  victories,  and  mourn  for  the  same  disas- 
ters— must  have  many  feelings  and  sentiments 
in  common,  though  they  may  differ  in  their 
modes  of  evincing  them.  Thus  he  who  would 
attempt  to  pourtray  the  American  character, 
must  draw,  not  a  single  portrait,  but  a  family- 
piece,  containing  several  heads.      In  each  of 


NATIONAL  CHARACTER.  '237 

these  would  be  discovered  some  strong  lines 
common  to  all :  the  same  active,  enterprising, 
and  independent  spirit ;   the  same  daring  soul, 
and   inventive   genius ;    and  that  aptitude    or 
capacity  to  take  advantage  of  every  change, 
and  subsist  and  flourish  in  every  soil  and  situ- 
ation.    But  each  would  have  a  shade  or  cast 
of  expression  peculiar  to  itself ;  and,  at  the  first 
glance,  there  would  be  seen  no  more  resem- 
blance   between  the    Boston    merchant,    the 
Virginia  planter,   and  the  hunter  of  the  west, 
than     if    they    had     sprung     from     different 
sources.     Observe  them  more  closely,  however, 
or  rouse  their  energies  into  action,  and  you  will 
still  find,  in  each  section  of  our  country,  the 
same  American    spirit,   which  glowed    in   the 
breasts  of  Putnam,  of  Marion,  and  of  Wayne. 
Show  me  a  strong  line  in  the  south,  and  I  will 
point  out  to  you  a  kindred  feature  in  the  north  ; 
produce  a  Jackson  from  the  west,  and  I  will  bring 
you  a  Perry  from  the  east.      In  private  life, 
the  amiable,  unassuming  Rhode  Islander  might 
present  a  striking  contrast  to  the  fiery  Tennes- 
sean  :  but  the  soul  of  the  hero  burned  with  not 
less  ardour  on  Lake  Erie — the  light  of  the  vie- 


238  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

tory  was    not   less   brilliant   than  that  which 
blazed  at  New  Orleans. 

Thence  it  is  that  foreif^ners  err  when  they 
give  a  character  to  our  whole  population  from 
observations  made  in  a  single  sea-port ;  or  when 
they  allow  us  no  national  character  at  all,  be- 
cause they  discover  traits  in  different  places 
which  seem  to  be  the  very  antipodes  of  each 
other.  In  this  latter  sapient  hypothesis,  they 
evince,  together  with  a  good  deal  of  ignorance, 
not  a  little  of  that  insolence  which  distinguishes 
our  foreign  detractors.  There  is  no  people  in 
the  world  whose  national  character  is  better 
defined  or  more  strongly  niiarked  than  our 
own.  If  the  European  theory  on  this  subject 
be  correct,  is  it  not  a  little  strange,  that  our 
Yankee  tars,  whether  on  board  of  a  frigate  or 
a  privateer,  should  always  happen  to  play  the 
same  game,  when  they  come  athwart  an  En- 
glishman ?  Is  it  not  a  little  singular,  that 
Brown  in  the  North,  and  Jackson  in  the  South, 
who  I  suspect  never  saw  each  other  in  their 
lives,  should  always  happen  to  handle  Lord 
Wellington's  veterans  exactly  after  the  same 
fashion  ?     Accidents  ivill  happen  in  the  best  of 


NATIONAL  CHARACTER.  239 

families;  but  when  an  accident  occurs  in  the 
same  family  repeatedly,  we  are  apt  to  suspect 
that  it  runs  in  the  blood. 

In  the  different   states  there   is  certainly  a 
great  disparity  in  the  manners  of  the  people. 
In  New  England  the  soil  is  not  rich,  and  the 
population  is  dense.     The  mass  of  the  people 
are,  of  course,  laborious,  close,  and  frugal.  The 
colonists  were  men  of  pure  manners  and  reli- 
gious habits.     In  all   their  municipal  regula- 
tions, the  suppression  of  vice  and  immorality, 
or  rather  the  exclusion  of  them,  for  they  had 
none  to  suppress,  formed  a  leading  principle. 
Persons  of  this  character,  would  probably  be 
inclined  to  lead  domestic  lives,  and  be  satisfied 
with  cheap  and  innocent  amusements.     Thus 
every  man,  happy  in  the  society  of  his  family 
and  his  neighbours,  preferred  the  little  circle 
in  which  he  found  content  and  cheerfulness, 
to    all    the    world    besides.      Not   sufficiently 
wealthy  to  be  seduced  by  the  Syren  song  of 
pleasure,  nor  so  poor  as  to  become  debased  by 
want,  he  neither   spurned    nor    courted    the 
stranger  that  approached  his  door.     He  was  not 
unwilHngto  perform  an  act  of  charity  or  kind- 


240  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

ness,  nor  ashamed  to  offer  what  his  humble 
board  afforded ;  but  he  wished  to  know  some- 
thing of  the  character  of  the  person  whom  he 
received  into  his  friendship,  whose  vices  might 
injure  him  in  his  substance,  or  whose  licen- 
tiousness might  contaminate  the  morals  of  his 
children.  The  man  whose  home  is  thus  the 
sphere  of  his  usefulness  and  the  scene  of  his 
enjoyments,  must  feel  deeply  interested  in  every 
object  around  him ;  the  conduct  of  his  neighbours, 
the  morals  of  his  servants,  and  the  minds  of  his 
children,  concern  him  too  nearly  to  be  neglected. 
Thus  he  is  apt  to  become  not  only  an  indus- 
trious and  virtuous  citizen  himself,  but  a  watch- 
ful observer  of  the  conduct  of  others.  Such 
were  the  manners  of  the  primitive  settlers  in 
New  England,  and  such  they  remain  in  many 
parts  of  it  to  this  day.  But  their  local  situa- 
tion was  not  such  as  to  allow  them  to  retain 
their  rural  character  in  its  pristine  chastity. 
In  repelling  the  hostile  incursions  which  threat- 
ened to  destroy  their  infant  settlements,  they 
acquired  confidence  in  their  courage,  and  many 
of  their  youth  imbibed  a  military  spirit,  which 
rendered  their  former  avocations  insipid.     The 


NATIONAL  CHARACTER.  241 

situation    of   their    country,    bounded    by   an 
extensive  sea-coast,    indented  with  noble  har- 
bours,  presented  commercial    advantages    too 
inviting  to  be  neglected ;  and  the  enterprising 
temper  of  the  people  soon  rendered  them  as 
conspicuous  among  the  hardy  sons  of  the  ocean 
as  they  had  been  exemplary  in   more  peaceful 
scenes.     The  commercial  spirit,  thus  engrafted 
upon  the  "  steady  habits"  of  these  people,   has 
given  them  a  cast  of  character  peculiar  to  them- 
selves.     Hardy   and  independent ;    ingenious 
in  devising,  and  indefatigable  in  executing  any 
plan  of  which  the  end  is  gain ;  pursuing  their 
designs  with  ardour  and  enthusiasm,  yet   ad- 
hering to  them  constantly,    conducting   them 
prudently,    and    concealing   them    artfully,    if 
necessary,   there  is  no  people  so  versatile    in 
their  genius,  and  none  so  universally  successful 
in  their  undertakings. 

In  their  own  country,  there  is  no  people  more 
domestic :  yet,  strange  to  tell,  they  are  to  be  found 
scattered  in  the  four  corners  of  the  earth,  every 
where  adopting  the  manners  of  those  around 
them,  and  flourishing,  even  in  the  midst  of  ruin ; 
so  that  it  has  become  proverbial,  that  a  Yankee 

R 


242  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

may  live  where  another  man  would  starve.    The 
poorest  people  in  that  country  receive  the  first 
rudiments  of  education  ;  and  from  this  source, 
perhaps,  they  derive  a  trait  which  is  the  greatest 
blemish  in   their   character.     "  A  little  learn- 
ing" has  been  said  to  be  "  a  dangerous  thing  ;" 
and  from  that  source,  I  am  inclined  to  believe, 
we   derive   that   species  of  Jitiesse,    commonly 
called    Yankee  tricks.      The   New  Englanders 
are  remarkable  for  their  shrewdness,  or  what 
the  Irish  call  "  mother  wit ;"  and  when  such 
a  man  happens  to  have  a  bad  heart,  or  loose 
principles,   *'  a  little  learning"  is  really  a  dan- 
gerous accession  of  strength.     He  that  has  the 
ability  to  deceive,  without  the  moral  principle 
to  control  the  evil  propensities  of  human  nature, 
or   without  sufficient  weight    of  character   to 
enlist  pride  as  an  auxiliary,  must  be  exposed 
to  temptations  too  strong  for  flesh  and  blood 
to    resist.      A  man    of    colder    temperament, 
or    less    ingenuity,    would    neither    have    the 
inclination    to    attempt,     the    wit    to    devise, 
nor    the    address   to    execute,    that  which    a 
Yankee  undertakes  with  the  utmost  sangfroid. 
They  are  indeed,  like  Caleb  Quotem,  "  up  to 


NATIONAL    CHARACTER.  243 

every  thing" — as  the  poet  says.  Tliis,  at  first 
sight,  appears  to  be  a  stigma  on  blie  character 
of  our  eastern  brethren  ;  but  when  we  recollect 
that  it  is  confined  to  a  portion  of  the  popula- 
tion, and  that  portion  among  the  lower  classes, 
it  would  seem  but  fair  to  attribute  it  to  the 
frailty  of  human  nature,  rather  than  to  the 
want  of  national  virtue. 

In  Virginia  we  find  different  manners.  The 
white  population  is  less  dense,  and  the  country 
less  commercial.  Most  of  the  gentlemen  are 
born  gentlemen;  they  are  wealthy,  and  receive 
liberal  educations  ;  from  their  cradles  they 
despise  money,  because  they  are  not  in  the 
habit  of  seeing  those  with  whom  they  associate 
actively  engaged  in  the  pursuit  of  it.  The 
slaves  perform  all  the  labour,  leaving  their 
masters  at  liberty  to  cultivate  their  minds  and 
enjoy  the  society  of  their  friends.  The  most 
numerous  class  is  composed  of  the  planters, 
and  these  are  accomplished  gentlemen,  residing 
on  theu'  own  estates,  fond  of  pleasure,  and 
princes  in  hospitality.  Kentucky  having  been 
settled  by  Virginians,  the  manners  of  the  people 
are  nearly  the  same,  except  that  the  latter,  living 

R   2 


S44  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

in  a  more  fertile  country,  are  perhaps,  more 
profuse  in  their  generosity. 

Now  these  two  sections  of  our  country  have 
the  same  American  character.  The  people  in 
both  are  high  minded,  spirited  lovers  of  liberty, 
tenacious  of  their  honour,  and  quick  in  their 
resentments  ;  they  equally  loathe  every  thing 
in  the  shape  of  oppression,  encroachment,  or 
dictation  ;  they  claim  the  same  right  of  instruct- 
ing their  officers,  and  exercise  the  same  power 
of  dismissing  them  on  the  slightest  provocation. 
But  then  these  qualities,  which  are  common  to 
our  country,  display  themselves  differently  in 
different  situations ;  they  are  compressed  or 
expanded  by  circumstances.  In  one  section 
the  people  are  in  the  habit  of  curbing  their 
passions,  and  refraining  from  those  pleasures 
which  are  inconvenient  or  expensive;  in  the 
other,  they  are  more  accustomed  to  indulge  the 
propensities  of  their  nature.  They  both  have 
those  generous  feelings,  which  must  always 
form  a  part  of  the  character  of  a  free,  brave, 
and  enlightened  people  ;  but  one  has  wealth 
and  leisure  to  yield  full  play  to  all  the  impulses 
of  the  heart,    which  the  other  must  restrain. 


NATIONAL    CHARACTER.  Qi5 

In  New  England,  and  still  more  in  the  middle 
states,  the  want  of  servants  is  a  great  drawback 
upon  social  intercourse.  Where  the  lady  of  the 
house  for  instance,  must  go  into  her  kitchen  to 
superintend  the  preparation  of  a  meal,  or  to 
dress  herself,  and  after  hastily  arranging  her 
dress,  return  with  a  blowzed  face  to  do  the  ho- 
nours of  her  table,  too  much  fatigued  to  enjoy 
its  pleasures,  the  visit  of  a  stranger  must  afford 
less  pleasure  than  where  such  inconveniences 
do  not  occur.  The  New  Englander,  therefore, 
will  be  politelj/  civil  from  a  sense  of  dufi/y  where 
the  Virginian  is  profuseli/  hospitable  from  gene- 
rous feelings,  and  because  he  can  enjoy  the 
pleasures  of  society  without  its  inconveniences. 
But  take  the  Virginian  from  his  plantation, 
or  the  Yankee  from  his  boat  and  harpoon,  or 
from  his  snug  cottage,  his  stone  fences,  his 
"neatly  white- washed  walls,"  his  blooming 
garden  and  his  tasteful  grounds,  and  place  him 
in  a  wilderness,  with  an  axe  in  his  hand  or  a 
rifle  on  his  shoulder,  and  he  soon  becomes  a 
different  man  ;  his  national  character  will  burst 
the  chains  of  local  habit.  He  does  not,  like 
the  European  in  the  same  situation,  languish 


S46  LETTERS    EROM    THE    WEST. 

for  want  of  luxuries  which  he  cannot  procure, 
or  groan  under  hardships  from  which  he  cannot 
fly.  His  ingenuity  supplies  him  with  new 
sources  of  livelihood,  his  courage  with  new 
vigour ;  his  hardy  frame  and  versatile  spirit 
easily  accommodate  themselves  to  new  employ- 
ments :  and  though  he  has  still  the  same  heart, 
the  same  feehngs,  and  the  same  principles,  he 
is  quite  another  person  in  his  manners  and  mode 
of  living. 

In  some  of  the  middle  states  the  national  cha- 
racter is  not  so  well  defined,  as  there  is  a  greater 
mixture  of  people.  In  the  interior  of  Penn- 
sylvania, there  are  large  settlements  of  Irish 
and  Dutch,  or  their  immediate  descendants, 
who  have  not  yet  inhaled  our  atmosphere  long 
enough  to  acquire  the  peculiar  characteristics 
of  Americans  j  but  there  is  no  doubt  that  they, 
and  even  the  English  emigrants,  when  they 
have  vegetated  for  a  few  generations  in  our 
happy  country,  will  become  estimable  citizens. 

This  subject  might  be  pursued  with  advan- 
tage, but  having  thrown  out  the  hints,  I  leave 
you  to  speculate  upon  them.  My  object  is  only 
to  gather  the  raw  materials  which  may  be  woven 


NATIONAL    CHARACTER.  24-7 

by  more  skilful  hands  ;  you  must  judge  ex pede 
Herculem^  of  the  whole  from  a  part.     Any  per- 
son who  is  acquainted  with   the  spirit  of  our 
constitution  and  laws,  and  the  general  descrip- 
tion  of  our  country,    will    be  able   to   supply 
my  defects  from  his  own  imagination,  and  to 
deduce  a  variety  of  inferences  from  the  pro- 
positions which  I  have  stated.     That  we  have 
a  national    character   cannot  be   denied  ;  that 
that  character  is  an  estimable  one,  will  I  think 
not   be  doubted  ;   and   that  a  part  of  it  con- 
sists in  loving  our  homes,  and  cherishing  our 
friends,  you  will  believe  on  the  word  of 

Your  affectionate,  &c. 


248  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 


LETTER  XVI. 


BACKWOODSMEN. 


It  is  but  a  few  years  since  the  immense  tract 
of  country  watered  by  the  Ohio  and  Mississippi, 
began  to  attract  the  attention  of  our  country- 
men. The  French  had  long  before  formed  set- 
tlements on  the  Mississippi  and  the  Wabash,  and 
on  the  northern  lakes ;  but  these  insulated  situa- 
tions were  so  much  exposed  to  Indian  hostility, 
and  the  dispositions  of  the  inhabitants  were  so 
uncongenial  with  the  habits  of  our  people,  that 
they  were  at  first  visited  only  by  a  few  enter- 
prising traders.  As  the  country  became  better 
known,  report  spoke  goldenly  of  its  fertility,  and 
a  casual  reference  to  the  map  was  sufficient  to 
show  the  great  commercial  advantages  to  be 
derived  from  the  numerous  and  valuable  streams 
which  intersect  it  in  every  direction  ;  but  there 


BACKWOODSMEN.  249 

were  many  obstacles  to  its  settlement.  From 
a  period  shortly  after  the  revolution  to  the  time 
of  the  embargo  in  1807,  there  was  no  reason 
to  induce  any  class  of  citizens  in  the  United 
States  to  emigrate  ;  all  were  fully  and  profitably 
employed  at  home.  The  sanguinary  wars  which 
spread  desolation  thoughout  the  European  con- 
tinent, not  only  opened  markets  for  all  our 
surplus  produce,  but  made  us  the  carriers  of 
other  nations.  Never  did  American  enterprise 
shine  more  conspicuously  than  in  the  improve- 
ment of  these  advantages  :  the  art  of  ship- 
building was  brought  to  a  perfection  unknown  in 
any  other  country ;  our  flag  floated  in  every  part 
of  the  world  ;  there  was  no  adventure,  however 
novel  or  hazardous,  which  our  merchants  did 
not  attempt  j  and  our  sailors  displayed  on  every 
occasion  the  skill  and  boldness  which  has  since 
made  them  conspicuous  in  the  annals  of  naval 
warfare.  Happily  too,  those  enterprises  were 
generally  successful.  The  consequence  was, 
that  every  man  engaged  in  commercial  pursuits 
found  sufiicient  employment  for  his  capital, 
while  the  labouring  classes  received  high  wages, 
and  the  farmer  had  always  a  ready  market  and 


250  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

an  ample  price  for  his  produce.  This  flourishing 
state  of  commerce  and  agriculture  diffused  life 
and  spirit  into  every  rank  and  department  of 
society.  There  was  scarcely  such  a  thing  known 
as  a  man  labouring  merely  to  support  his  family  ; 
no  one  was  satisfied  unless  he  was  growing 
rich,  and  few  were  disappointed  except  by  their 
own  improvidence.  It  would  be  useless  to 
point  out  the  great  statesmen  and  lawyers  who 
have  attained  their  present  eminence  from  an 
obscure  origin,  or  the  wealthy  merchants, 
farmers,  and  mechanics,  who,  from  the  most 
abject  poverty,  have  risen  to  opulence.  Our 
country  is  full  of  such  examples,  and  they  stand 
as  monuments  of  those  happy  days  when  in- 
dustry was  not  only  a  sure  but  a  rapid  guide  to 
wealth. 

Under  such  circumstances,  few  persons  were 
disposed  to  emigrate  to  a  new  country ;  and 
although  some  were  tempted  by  the  great 
prospects  of  gain  which  the  fertile  regions  in 
the  west  were  said  to  offer,  many  were  dis- 
couraged by  the  unsettled  state  of  the  country, 
its  reputed  unhealthiness,  and  the  vicinity  of 
the  Indian  tribes. 


BACKWOODSMEN.  '251 

To  Europeans  this  part  of  America  offered 
no  attractions :  it  was  too  remote,  too  insulated, 
too  barbarous,  and  too  entirely  uncongenial 
with  all  their  habits,  tastes,  and  feelings. 

The  first  settlers  of  this  country,  therefore, 
were  men  whose  object  was  not  gain,  but  who 
appeared  to  have  been  allured  by  the  very  diffi- 
culties which  discouraged  others.  They  were 
hardy,  enterprising  men,  fond  of  chance,  and 
familiar  with  fatigue,  who  seem  to  have  thought 
with  Fitz  James — 

*'  If  a  path  be  dangerous  known. 
The  dansrer's  self  is  lure  alone." 

Colonel  Boon,  the  chief  of  these,  and  the  first 
white  inhabitant  of  Kentucky,  diea  lately.  His 
name  deserves  to  be  recorded,  not  only  on 
account  of  his  dauntless  courage  and  eccentric 
habits,  but  because  his  life  and  achievements 
present  a  glowing  picture  of  the  sufferings  of 
those  who  subdued  the  western  forests  ;  he 
stands  forward,  too,  as  a  prominent  individual 
of  a  class  peculiar  to  the  United  States.  The 
American  who  takes  a  retrospective  view  of  the 
early  history  of  his  country,  must  regard  with 


252        LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

admiration  the  sturdy  woodsman,  who,  as  the 
pioneer  of  civiHzation,  first  laid  the  axe  to  the 
tree,  and  made  smooth  the  road  for  others  ;  but 
he  will  find  him  an  isolated  being,  professing 
tastes  and  habits  of  his  own,  and  voluntarily 
supporting  incredible  hardships,  peril,  and  pri- 
vation, without  the  usual  incentives  or  the  ordi- 
nary rewards  of  courage. 

In  the  year  I769,  Daniel  Boon,  a  respectable 
farmer  of  North  Carolina,  was  led  by  a  restless, 
migratory  spirit  into  the  forests  of  Kentucky' 
then  an  extensive  wilderness,  inhabited  by 
numberless  savage  tribes,  and  as  yet  unexplored 
by  civilized  man.  Passing  the  Alleghany  Ridge, 
whose  hideous  precipices  alone  might  have  re- 
pelled a  less  determined  band— guided  only  by 
the  stars — depending  on  game  for  subsistence, 
and  on  their  own  vigilance  and  prowess  for 
protection — Boon,  with  five  adventurous  com- 
panions, plunged  into  the  boundless  coiitiguity  of 
shade,  and  boldly  cut  the  tie  which  bound  them 
to  society.  The  mariner,  when  he  looks  abroad 
upon  the  vast  interminable  waste,  may  feel  a 
depressing,  yet  awful  and  sublime  sense  of 
danger  and  solitude  j  but  he  has  the  consolation 


BACKWOODSMEN.  Q53 

of  knowing  that  if  the  solitude  of  the  ocean  be 
hopeless,  its  dangers  are  few  and  easily  sur- 
mounted :  they  exist  rather  in  idea  than  in 
reality.  Boon  and  his  companions  could  have 
had  no  such  animating  reflections.  In  a  country 
called  the  "  Bloody  Ground,"  from  the  extir- 
minating  character  of  its  conflicts ; — among 
savage  tribes,  continually  at  war  with  each 
other,  and  agreeing  in  nothing  but  their  deadly 
enmity  to  the  whites — cut  off  from  society — 
with  scanty  means  of  defence,  and  no  hope  of 
retreat, — we  scarcely  know  whether  to  extol 
the  courage,  or  censure  the  rashness  of  this 
gallant  little  party.  They  continued  in  Ken- 
tucky until  the  year  177<^>  leading  a  wandering 
life,  employed  chiefly  in  exploring  the  country, 
and  frequently  engaged  in  conflicts  with  the 
Indians.  In  1775,  Boon  erected  a  fort  at  a 
salt  lick,  on  the  Kentucky  River,  where  the 
town  of  Boonsborough  now  stands,  which  was 
called  Fort  Boonsborough,  and  to  which  he  re- 
moved his  family  in  the  same  year.  **  My  wife 
and  daughters,'*  says  he,  in  his  journal,  "  were 
the  flrst  w^hite  women  that  ever  stood  on  the 
banks  of  the  Kentucky  River."     Here  he  was 


254<  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

joined  by  five  families  from  North  Carolina, 
and  forty  men  from  Powell's  Valley.  During 
the  years  1775-6-7,  Fort  Boonsborough  was 
frequently  attacked  by  the  Indians,  and  several 
severe  engagements  took  place,  in  w^hich  the 
savages  were  always  repulsed. 

Boon's  settlement  began  now  to  exhibit  some- 
thing like  a  permanent  residence  of  civilized 
men.     The  forest  was  levelled  around  the  fort, 
fields  were  enclosed  and  cultivated,  and  rustic 
labours  were  mingled  with  the  business  of  war, 
and   the  sports  of  the  chase.    Their   numbers 
were  now  spfficient,   in  general,  to  prevent  sur- 
prise ;  and  in  case  of  danger,  the  fortress  offered 
a  secure  retreat.    Nevertheless,  in  January  I778, 
while  Boon  was  engaged  with  a  party  of  twenty- 
seven  men   in  making  salt  at  the   Blue  Lick, 
they  were  surprised  and  taken  by  a  large  body 
of  Indians,  who  were  on  their  way  to  attack 
the  fort,  and  conveyed  to  Chilicothe,  on  the 
Little  Miami,  then  a  considerable  Indian  town* 
In  the   month   of  March  following.  Boon  was 
carried  with  ten  of  his  men  to  Detroit,  where 
the    party    was    well    treated   by   the    British 
Governor,  Hamilton,  as  indeed  they  had  hitherto 


BACKWOODSMEN.  255 

been  by  the  Indians,  agreeably  to  a  stipulation 
made  at  the  time  of  their  capture.  Tlie  gallant 
bearing  of  Boon,  and  his  skill  in  hunting,  had 
by  this  time,  endeared  him  to  the  Indians,  so 
that  although  the  British  officers  offered  a  hun- 
dred pounds  sterling  for  him,  with  the  intention 
of  setting  him  at  liberty,  they  would  not  sell 
him,  nor  would  they  allow  him  to  remain  a 
prisoner  with  his  companions  at  Detroit,  but 
took  him  back  with  them  to  Chilicothe. 
"  Here,"  says  his  journal,  '*  I  was  adopted  into 
the  family  of  a  chief  as  a  son,  which  is  their 
custom,  and  permitted  to  hunt  and  spend  my 
time  as  I  pleased.  In  June  following  they  took 
me  to  Sciota  Salt  Springs,  where  we  continued 
making  salt  for  ten  days.  On  our  return  to 
Old  Chilicothe,  I  was  alarmed  to  see  four  hun- 
dred and  fifty  Indians,  the  choicest  of  their 
warriors,  painted  and  armed  in  a  fearful  man- 
ner, and  ready  as  I  found  to  march  against 
Boonsborough.  I  now  determined  to  make  my 
escape  on  the  first  opportunity;  there  was  no 
time  to  be  lost.  On  the  l6th,  before  sun-rise, 
I  got  off  in  the  most  secret  manner,  and  on  the 
20th,  arrived  at  Boonsborough,  a  distance  of  one 


Q56  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

hundred  and  sixty  miles,  while  travelling  which 
I  had  but  one  meal.  I  found  our  fort  in  a  state  ; 
all  hands  were  engaged  earnestly  in  repairing 
and  fortifying  it  in  the  best  manner  possible  for 
the  impending  blow  of  the  enemy,  whose  arrival 
was  expected  daily.  Some  time  previous  to  my 
capture,  a  re-inforcement  of  forty-five  men 
arrived  from  North  Carolina,  and  Colonel 
Brown  with  one  hundred  men  from  Virginia ; 
and  notwithstanding  we  had  lost  some  in  killed 
and  others  wounded,  we  considered  ourselves 
pretty  strong,  and  determined  to  brave  all 
dangers.  We  were  in  waiting  for  the  enemy, 
when  we  got  information  that  they  had  post- 
poned their  march  for  two  weeks,  in  conse- 
quence of  my  escape  from  them  ;  in  the  mean- 
time, we  had  several  skirmishes  with  small 
parties  of  the  Indians.  On  the  8th  of  August, 
however,  the  ferocious  Indian  army  arrived, 
four  hundred  and  forty-four  in  number,  under 
the  command  of  Captain  Duquesne,  eleven  other 
Frenchmen,  and  some  of  their  own  chiefs,  and 
marched  up  within  view  of  the  fort  with  British 
and  French  colours  flying.  They  halted,  and 
despatched  a  summons  to  me,  in  His  Britannic 


BACK^V00DS3IE^f.  257 

Majesty  s  name  to  surrender  the  fort ;  to  this  I 
returned  for  answer  that  I  wanted  two  days  to 
consider  of  it,  which  wasgranted* 

"It  was^now  a  critical  time  with  us.  We 
were  a  small  number  in  the  garrison ;  a  pow- 
erful, cruel,  and  savage  army  lay  before  our 
stockaded  fort,  whose  appearance  proclaimed 
inevitable  death.  We  immediately  began  to 
collect  what  number  of  our  horses  and  cattle 
we  could,  and  bring  them  through  the  posterns 
into  the  fort.  On  the  evening  of  the  9th,  I 
returned  answer,  that  we  were  determined  to 
defend  our  fort  while  a  man  was  livins;. 
*Now,'  said  I  to  their  commanding-officer, 
who  stood  attentively  hearing  my  sentiments, 
*  we  laugh  at  all  your  formidable  preparations, 
but  thank  you  for  giving  us  notice  and  time 
to  prepare  ;  your  efforts  will  not  prevail  ; 
our  gates  shall  even  deny  you  admittance.' 
Whether  this  answer  affected  their  courage  or 
not,  I  cannot  tell,  but  contrary  to  our  expecta- 
tions, they  formed  a  scheme  to  deceive  us, 
declaring  it  was  their  orders  from  Governor 
Hamilton  to  take  us  captives  ;  but  if  nine  of  us 
would   come   out   and    treat    with   them,   they 

s 


258  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

would  withdrav/  their  forces  and  return  home 
peaceably.  The  sound  of  this  proposition  was 
grateful  to  our  ears,  and  y<  e  agreed  to  the  pro- 
posal. 

'*  We  held  the  treaty  within  sixty  yards  of 
the  garrison,  fearing  that  treachery  was  at  the 
bottom  of  this  manoeuvre ;  the  articles  were 
formally  agreed  to  and  signed,  and  the  Indians 
told  us  it  was  customary  with  them  on  such 
occasions,  for  txvo  Indians  to  shake  hands  with 
every  white  man  in  the  treaty,  as  an  evidence 
of  entire  friendship.  "We  agreed  to  this  also, 
but  were  soon  convinced  they  were  determined 
to  take  us  prisoners.  They  immediately  grap- 
pled with  us ;  and,  although  surrounded  by 
hundreds  of  savages,  we  extricated  ourselves 
from  them,  and  got  into  the  garrison  all  safe, 
one  man  excepted,  who  was  wounded.  A  furious 
attack  was  now  made  on  us  from  all  sides,  and 
a  constant  heavy  fire  continued  between  us  day 
and  night  for  nine  days,  during  which  they 
attempted  to  undermine  our  fort.  We  began  a 
countermine,  which  they  discovered,  and,  in  con- 
sequence, they  quitted  this  project.  They  now 
began  to  be  convinced  that  neither  their  stra- 


BACKWOODSMEN.  259 

tagems  nor  superior  force  was  likely  to  over- 
come us,  and  on  the  20tli  of  August,  they 
raised  the  siege  and  departed." 

You  must  excuse  this  long  extract,  which  I 
think  highly  interesting  from  the  evidence  it 
affords  of  the  heroic  character  of  our  woodsmen. 
Boon  was  the  chief  of  these,  the  very  prince 
of  hunters.  If  many  of  the  heroes  of  Greece  and 
Rome,  derived  immortal  fame  from  a  single  act 
of  heroism,  how  much  more  does  Boon  deserve 
it,  whose  whole  life  presents  a  series  of  adven- 
tures of  the  same  character  as  those  which  I 
have  related  ?  Nor  did  he  suffer  and  conquer 
alone;  his  wife  accompanied  him  to  the  wil- 
derness, and  shared  his  dangers ;  during  his 
captivity,  under  a  belief  that  he  had  fallen  a 
sacrifice  to  the  ferocity  of  the  savage  foe,  she 
returned  with  her  family  to  her  father's  house 
in  North  Carolina,  braving  the  toil  and  perils 
of  a  journey,  through  a  wilderness  of  immeasur- 
able extent  and  gloom.  She  remained  there  till 
after  the  siege,  when  Boon  escorted  her  back  to 
Boonsborough. 

Another  incident  which  occurred  here  is  not 
only  deeply  interesting  in  itself,  but  is  highly 

s  2 


260       LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

illustrative  of  the  sufferings  of  the  first  settlers. 
Among  the  adventurers  whom  Boon  described 
as  having  re-inforced  his  little  colony,  was  a 
young  gentleman  named  Smith,  who  had  been 
a  major  in  the  militia  of  Virginia,  and  possessed 
a  full  share  of  the  gallantry  and  noble  spirit 
of  his  native  state.     In  the  absence  of  Boon, 
he  was  chosen,  on  account  of  his  military  rank 
and  talents,  to  command  the  rude  citadel,  which 
contained   all   the    wealth   of   this   patriarchal 
band— their  wives,   their    children,    and    their 
herds.     It  held  also  an  object  particularly  dear 
to  this  young  soldier — a  lady,  the  daughter  of 
one  of  the  settlers,  to  whom  he  had  pledged 
his  affections.     It  came  to  pass,  upon  a  certain 
day,    when    the    siege    was    over,    tranquillity 
restored,    and  the  employments    of  husbandry 
resumed,  that  this  young  lady  with  a   female 
companion  strolled  out,  as  young  ladies  in  love 
are  very  apt  to  do,  along  the  banks  of  the  Ken- 
tuck7  River.     Having  rambled  about  for  some 
time,  they  espied  a  canoe  lying  by  the  shore, 
and  in  a  frolic  stepped  into  it,  with  the  deter- 
mination of  visiting  a  neighbour  on  the  opposite 
bank.     It  seems   that  they  were   not  so  well 


BACKWOODSMEN.  261 

skilled  in  navigation  as  the  Ladi/  of  the  Lake^ 
who  "  paddled   her   own   canoe"   very  dexte- 
rously ; — for  instead  of  gliding  to  the  point  of 
destination,  they   were  whirled  about  by   the 
stream,  and  at  length  thrown  on  a  sand-bar, 
from  which  they  were  obliged  to  wade  to  the 
shore.     Full  of  the  mirth  excited  by  their  wild 
adventure,   they  hastily  arranged  their  dresses, 
and  were  proceeding  to  climb  the  banks  when 
three    Indians,    rushing    from   a  neighbouring 
covert,  seized  the  fair  wanderers,  and  forced 
them  away.     Their  savage  captors,  evincing  no 
sympathy  for  their  distress,  nor  allowing  them 
time  for  rest  or  reflection,   hurried  them  alonsr 
during  the  whole  day  by  rugged  and  thorny 
paths.     Their  shoes  were  worn  off  by  the  rocks, 
their  clothes  torn,   and  their  feet  and   limbs 
lacerated,  and  stained  with  blood.     To  heighten 
their  misery,  one  of  the  savages  began  to  make 

love  to  Miss ,  (the  intended  of  Major  S.), 

and  while  goading  her  along  with  a  pointed 
stick,  promised,  in  recompense  for  her  sufferings 
to  make  her  his  squaw.     This  at  once  roused 
all  the  energies  of  her   mind,   and   called   its 
powers  into  action.  In  the  hope  that  her  friends 


26'2  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

would  soon  pursue  them,  she  broke  the  twigs 
as  she  passed  along,  and  delayed  the  party  as 
much  as  possible  by  tardy  and  blundering  steps. 
But  why  dwell  on  the  heartless  and  unmanly 
cruelty  of  these  savages  ?  The  day  and  the 
night  passed,  and  another  day  of  agony  had 
nearly  rolled  over  the  heads  of  these  afflicted 
females,  when  their  conductors  halted  to  cook 
a  wild  repast  of  buffalo  meat. 

The  ladies  were  soon   missed  from  the  gar- 
rison.     The  natural   courage   and   sagacity  of 
Smith,  now  heightened  by  love,  gave  him  the 
winffs  of   the  wind  and  the  fierceness   of  the 
tiger.      The  light  traces  of  female  feet  led  him 
to  the  place  of  embarkation, — the  canoe  was 
traced  to  the  opposite  shore — the  deep  print  of 
the  moccasin  in  the  sand  told  the  rest ;  and  the 
agonized  Smith,  accompanied  by  a  few  of  his 
best  woodsmen,  pursued  "  the  spoil-encumbered 
foe."      The  track,  once  discovered,  they  kept  it 
with  that  unerring  sagacity  so  peculiar  to  our 
hunters.     The  bended  grass,  the   disentangled 
briars,  and  the  compressed  shrub,  afforded  the 
only,  but  to  them  the  certain,  indications  of  the 
route  of  the  enemy.    When  they  had  sufficiently 


BACKWOODSMEN.  SGS 

ascertained  the  general  course  of  the  retreat  of 
the  Indians,  Smith  quitted  the  trace,  assuring 
his  companions  that  they  would  fall  in  with  them 
at  the  pass  of  a  certain  stream  ahead,  for  which 
he  now  struck  a  direct  course,  thus  gaining  on 
the  foe,  who  had  taken  the  most  difficult  paths. 
Arrived  at  the   stream,  they  traced  its  course 
until  they  discovered  the  water  newly  thrown 
upon  the  rocks.     Smith,  leaving  his  party,  now 
crept  forward  upon  his  hands  and  feet,  until  he 
discovered  one  of  the  savages  seated  by  a  fire, 
and  with  a  deliberate  aim  shot  him  through  the 
heart.       The    women  rushed     towards     their 
deliverer,  and  recognizing  Smith,  clung  to  him 
in  the  transports  of  newly  awakened  joy  and 
gratitude,  while  a  second  Indian  sprang  towards 
him  with  his   tomahawk.      Smith  disengaging 
himself  from   the  ladies,  aimed  a  blow  at  his 
antagonist    with    his  rifle,   which    the   savage 
avoided  by   springing   aside,   but  at  the  same 
moment  the  latter   received  a  mortal   wound 
from   another  hand.       The    other    and    only 
remaining  Indian  fell  in  attempting  to  escape. 
Smith,  with  his  interesting  charge,  returned  in 


264<  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

triumph  to  the  fort,  where  his  gallantry,  no 
doubt,  was  repaid  by  the  sweetest  of  all  rewards. 
This  romantic  little  story,  which  is  all  true, 
I  have  taken  from  the  "  Western  Review,"  pub- 
lished at  Lexington,  Kentucky;  but  in  abridging 
it,  I  have  not  been  able  to  retain  the  beauties 
which  embellished  the  original  recital.  From 
the  initial  affixed  to  it  in  that  work,  I  presume 
that  it  is  from  the  pen  of  a  gentleman  who  has 
enriched  the  literature  of  the  west  with  much 
curious  and  authentic  information  on  the  sub- 
ject of  Indian  antiquities. 


THE    IIARPES.  Q65 


LETTER  XVII. 


THE    HARPES. 


Many  years  ago,  two  men,  named  Harpe, 
appeared  in  Kentucky,  spreading  death  and 
terror  wherever  they  went.  Little  else  was 
known  of  them  but  that  they  passed  for  bro- 
thers, and  came  from  the  borders  of  Virginia. 
They  had  three  women  with  them,  who  were 
treated  as  their  wives,  and  several  children, 
with  whom  they  traversed  the  mountainous  and 
thinly  settled  parts  of  Virginia  into  Kentucky, 
marking  their  course  with  blood.  Their  his- 
tory is  wonderful,  as  well  from  the  number  and 
variety,  as  the  incredible  atrocity  of  their  ad- 
ventures J  and  as  it  has  never  yet  appeared  in 
print,  I  shall  compress  within  this  letter  a  few 
of  its  most  prominent  facts. 


^66  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

In  the  autumn  of  the  year  1799,  a  young 
gentleman,  named  Langford,  of  a  respectable 
family  in  Mecklenburgh  county,  Virginia,  set 
out  from  this  state  for  Kentucky,  with  the 
intention  of  passing  through  the  Wilderness, 
as  it  was  then  called,  by  the  route  generally 
known  as  Boons  Trace.  On  reaching  the 
vicinity  of  the  wilderness,  a  mountainous  and 
uninhabited  tract,  which  at  that  time  separated 
the  settled  parts  of  Kentucky  from  those  of 
Virginia,  he  stopped  to  breakfast  at  a  public 
house  near  Big  Rock-castle  River.  Travel- 
lers of  this  description — any  other  indeed  than 
hardy  woodsmen — were  unwilling  to  pass  singly 
through  this  lonely  region  ;  and  they  generally 
waited  on  its  confines  for  others,  and  travelled 
through  in  parties.  Mr.  Langford,  either  not 
dreading  danger,  or  not  choosing  to  delay, 
determined  to  proceed  alone.  While  breakfast 
was  preparing,  the  Harpes  and  their  women 
came  up.  Their  appearance  denoted  poverty, 
with  but  little  regard  to  cleanliness  ;  two  very 
indifferent  horses,  with  some  bags  swung  across 
them,  and  a  rifle  gun  or  two,  composed  nearly 
their  whole  equipage.     Squalid  and  miserable. 


THE  HAHPES. 


267 


tliey  seemed  objects    of  pity,  rather   than   of 
fear,  and  their  ferocious  glances  were  attributed 
more  to  hunger  than  to  guilty  passion.     They 
were  entire  strangers  in  that  neighbourhood, 
and,  like  Mr.  Langford,  were  about  to  cross  the 
Wilderness.      When  breakflist  was  served  up, 
the  landlord,  as  was  customary  at  such  places, 
in  those  times,  invited  all  the  persons  who  were 
assembled    in  the  common,  perhaps    the  only 
room  of  his  little  inn,  to  sit  down;  but  the 
Harpes  declined,  alleging  their  want  of  money 
as  the  reason.     Langford,  who  was  of  a  lively, 
generous   disposition,  on    hearing  this  invited 
them  to  partake  of  the  meal  at  his  expense ; 
they  accepted    the  invitation,    and   eat  vora- 
ciously.    When  they  had  thus  refreshed  them- 
selves, and  were  about  to  renew  their  journey 
Mr.  Langford  called  for  the  bill,  and  in  the 
act    of    discharging  it  imprudently  displayed 
a  handful  of  silver.     They  then  set  out  toge- 
ther. 

A  few  days  after,  some  men  who  were  con- 
ducting a  drove  of  cattle  to  Virginia,  by  the 
same  road  which  had  been   travelled  by  Mr, 


268  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

Langford  and  the  Harpes,  had  arrived  within 
a  few  miles  of  Big  Rock-castle  River,  when 
their  cattle  took  fright,  and,  quitting  the  road, 
rushed  down  a  hill  into  the  woods.  In  collect- 
ing them,  the  drovers  discovered  the  dead 
body  of  a  man  concealed  behind  a  log,  and 
covered  with  brush  and  leaves.  It  was  now 
evident  that  the  cattle  had  been  alarmed  by 
the  smell  of  blood  in  the  road,  and  as  the  body 
exhibited  marks  of  violence,  it  was  at  once  sus- 
pected that  a  murder  had  been  perpetrated  but 
recently.  The  corpse  was  taken  to  the  same 
house  where  the  Harpes  had  breakfasted,  and 
recognised  to  be  that  of  Mr.  Langford,  whose 
name  was  marked  upon  several  parts  of  his 
dress.  Suspicion  fell  upon  the  Harpes,  who 
were  pursued  and  apprehended  near  the  Ci^ab 
Orchard.  They  were  taken  to  Stanford,  the 
seat  of  justice  for  Lincoln  county,  where  they 
were  examined  and  committed  by  an  inquir- 
ing court,  sent  to  Danville  for  safe  keeping, 
and  probably  for  trial,  as  the  system  of  district 
courts  was  then  in  operation  in  Kentucky. 
Previous  to  the  time  of  trial,  they  made  their 


THE  HARPES.  269 

escape,  and  proceeded  to  Henderson  county, 
which  at  that  time  was  just  beginning  to  be 
settled. 

Here  they  soon  acquired  a  dreadful  celeb- 
rity.      Neither  avarice,  want,  nor  any  of  the 
usual  inducements  to  the  commission  of  crime, 
seemed  to  govern  their  conduct.      A  savage 
thirst  for  blood — a  deep  rooted  malignity  against 
human    nature,  could  alone  be  discovered  in 
their  actions.     They  murdered  every  defence- 
less being  who  fell  in  their  way  without  distinc- 
tion of  age,  sex,  or  colour.     In  the  night  they 
stole  secretly  to  the  cabin,  slaughtered  its  in- 
habitants,   and   burned   their   dwelling — while 
the  farmer  who  left  his  house  by  day,  returned 
to  witness  the  dying  agonies  of  his  wife  and 
children,  and  the  conflagration   of  his  posses- 
sions.    Plunder  was  not  their  object :  travellers 
they  robbed  and  murdered,  but  from  the  in- 
habitants they  took  only  what  would  have  been 
freely  given  to  them,  and  no  more  than  was 
immediately  necessary  to  supply  the  wants  of 
nature  ;    they  destroyed   without    having   suf- 
fered injury,  and  without  the  prospect  of  gain. 
A  negro  boy,  riding  to  a  mill,  with  a  bag  of 


270  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

corn,  was  seized  by  them,  and  his  brains  dashed 
out  against  a  tree  ;  but  the  horse  which  he 
rode  and  the  grain  were  left  unmolested.  Fe- 
males, children,  and  servants,  no  longer  dared 
to  stir  abroad  ;  unarmed  men  feared  to  en- 
counter a  Harpe ;  and  the  solitary  hunter,  as 
he  trod  the  forest,  looked  around  him  with  a 
watchful  eye,  and  when  he  saw  a  stranger, 
picked  his  flint  and  stood  on  the  defensive. 

It  seems  incredible  that  such  atrocities  could 
have  been  often  repeated  in  a  country  famed 
for  the  hardihood  and  gallantry  of  its  people  j 
in  Kentucky,  the  cradle  of  courage,  and  the 
nurse  of  warriors.  But  that  part  of  Kentucky 
which  was  the  scene  of  these  barbarities  was 
then  almost  a  wilderness,  and  the  vigilance  of 
the  Harpes  for  a  time  ensured  impunity.  The 
spoils  of  their  dreadful  warfare  furnished  them 
with  the  means  of  violence  and  of  escape. 
Mounted  on  fine  horses,  they  plunged  into  the 
forest,  eluded  pursuit  by  frequently  changing 
their  course,  and  appeared,  unexpectedly,  to 
perpetrate  new  enormities,  at  points  distant 
from  those  where  they  were  supposed  to  lurk. 
On  these  occasions,  they  often  left  their  wives 


THE  HARPES.  271 

and  children  behind  them  ;  and  it  is  a  fact, 
honourable  to  the  community,  that  vengeance 
for  these  bloody  deeds,  was  not  wreaked  on 
the  helpless,  but  in  some  degree  guilty,  com- 
panions of  the  perpetrators.  Justice,  however, 
was  not  long  delayed. 

A  frontier  is  often  the  retreat  of  loose  in- 
dividuals, who,  if  not  familiar  with  crime,  have 
very  blunt  perceptions  of  virtue.  The  genuine 
woodsman,  the  real  pioneer,  are  independent, 
brave,  and  upright ;  but  as  the  jackal  pursues 
the  lion  to  devour  iiis  leavings,  the  footsteps 
of  the  sturdy  hunter  are  closely  pursued  by 
miscreants  destitute  of  his  noble  qualities.  These 
are  the  poorest  and  the  idlest  of  the  human 
race — averse  to  labour,  and  impatient  of  the 
restraints  of  law  and  the  courtesies  of  civilized 
society.  Without  the  ardour,  the  activity,  the 
love  of  sport,  and  patience  of  fatigue,  which 
distinguish  the  bold  backwoodsman,  these  are 
doomed  to  the  forest  by  sheer  laziness,  and 
hunt  for  a  bare  subsistence ;  they  are  the  "  can- 
kers of  a  calm  world  and  a  long  peace,"  the 
helpless  nobodies,  who,  in  a  country  where  none 
starve  and  few  beg,  sleep  until  hunger  pinches, 


272  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

then  stroll  into  the  woods  for  a  meal,  and  return 
to  their  slumber.  Frequently  they  are  as  harm- 
less as  the  wart  upon  a  man's  nose,  and  as  un- 
sightly J  but  they  are  sometimes  mere  wax  in 
the  hands  of  the  designing,  and  become  the 
accessories  of  that  guilt  which  they  have  not 
the  courage  or  the  industry  to  perpetrate. 
With  such  men  the  Harpes  are  supposed  to 
have  sometimes  lurked.  None  are  known  to 
have  participated  in  their  deeds  of  blood,  nor 
suspected  of  sharing  their  counsels ;  but  they 
sometimes  crept  to  the  miserable  cabins  of 
those  who  feared  or  were  not  inclined  to  betray 
them. 

Two  travellers  came  one  night  to  the  house 
of  a  man  named  Stegal,  and,  for  want  of  better 
lodgings,  claimed  under  his  little  roof  that 
hospitality  which  in  a  new  country  is  found  at 
every  habitation.  Shortly  after,  the  Harpes 
arrived.  It  was  not,  it  seems,  their  first  visit ; 
for  Mrs.  Stegal  had  received  instructions  from 
them,  which  she  dared  not  disobey,  never  to 
address  them  by  their  real  names  in  the  pre- 
sence of  third  persons.  On  this  occasion  they 
contrived  to  inform  her  that  they  intended  to 


THE  HARPES.  273 

personate  methodist  preachers,  and  ordered  her 
to  arrange  matters  so  that  one  of  them  should 
sleep  with  each  of  the  strangers,  whom  they 
intended  to  murder.  Stegal  was  absent,  and 
the  woman  -sras  obliged  to  obey.  The  strangers 
were  completely  deceived  as  to  the  character 
of  the  newly  arrived  guests :  and  when  it  was 
announced  that  the  house  contained  but  two 
beds,  they  cheerfully  assented  to  the  proposed 
arrangement:  one  crept  into  a  bed  on  the 
lower  floor  with  one  ruffian,  while  the  other 
retired  to  the  loft  with  another.  Both  the 
strangers  became  their  victims ;  but  these 
bloody  ruffians,  who  seemed  neither  to  feel 
shame,  nor  dread  punishment,  determined  to 
leave  behind  them  no  evidence  of  their  crime, 
and  consummated  the  foul  tragedy  by  murdering 
their  hostess  and  setting  fire  to  the  dwelling. 

From  this  scene  of  arson,  robbery,  and  mur- 
der, the  perpetrators  fled  precipitately,  favoured 
by  a  heavy  fall  of  rain,  which,  as  they  believed, 
effaced  their  footsteps.  They  did  not  cease 
their  flight  until  late  the  ensuing  day,  when 
they  halted  at  a  spot  which  they  supposed  to 
be  far  from  any  human  habitation.     Here  they 

T 


Q.J4f  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

kindled  a  fire,  and  were  drying  their  clothes, 
when  an  emigrant,  who  had  pitched  his  tent 
hard  by,  strolled  towards  their  camp.  He  was 
in  search  of  his  horses,  which  had  strayed,  and 
civilly  asked  if  they  had  seen  them.  This  un- 
suspecting woodsman  they  slew,  and  continued 
their  retreat. 

In  the  meanwhile,  the  outrages  of  these  mur- 
derers had  not  escaped  notice,  nor  were  they 
tamely  submitted  to.  The  Governor  of  Ken- 
tucky had  offered  a  reward  for  their  heads,  and 
parties  of  volunteers  had  pursued  them;  they 
had  been  so  fortunate  as  to  escape  punishment 
by  their  cunning,  but  had  not  the  prudence  to 
desist,  or  to  fly  the  country. 

A  man,  named  Leiper,  in  revenge  for  the 
murder  of  Mrs.  Stegal,  raised  a  party,  pursued, 
and  discovered  the  assassins,  on  the  day  suc- 
ceeding that  atrocious  deed.  They  came  so 
suddenly  upon  the  Harpes  that  they  had  only 
time  to  fly  in  different  directions.  Accident 
aided  the  pursuers.  One  of  the  Harpes  was 
a  large,  and  the  other  a  small  man  ;  the  first 
usually  rode  a  strong,  powerful  horse,  the  other 
a^fleet,  but  much  smaller  animal,  and  in  the 


THE  HARPES.  TjS 

hurry  of  flight  they  had  exchanged  horses.    The 
chase   was    long  and    hot :  the  smaller  Harpe 
escaped  unnoticed  ;    but  the  other,   who   was 
kept  in  view,  spurred  on  the  noble  animal  which 
he  rode,  and  which,  already  jaded,  began  to  fail 
at  the  end  of  five  or  six  miles.     Still  the  mis- 
creant pressed  forward ;  for,  although  none  of 
his  pursuers  were  near  but  Leiper,  who  had 
outridden  his  companions,   he  was  not  willing 
to   risk  a   combat  with  a  man  as  strong  and 
perhaps  bolder  than  himself,  who  was  animated 
with   a  noble   spirit  of  indignation   against   a 
shocking   and   unmanly  outrage.     Leiper   was 
mounted  upon  a  horse   of  celebrated  powers,^ 
which  he  had  borrowed  from  a  neighbour  for 
this  occasion.     At  the  beginning  of  the  chase, 
he  had  pressed  his  charger  to  the  height  of  his 
speed,  carefully  keeping  on  the  track  of  Harpe, 
of  whom  he  sometimes  caught  a  glimpse  as  he 
ascended  the  hills,  and  again  lost  sight  in  the 
valleys  and  the  brush.     But  as  he  gained  on 
the   foe,  and  became  sure   of  his   victim,   he 
slackened  his  pace,  cocked  his  rifle,  and  delibe- 
rately  pursued,    sometimes    calling   upon    the 
outlaw  to  surrender.    At  length,  in  leaping  a 

T  9. 


276  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

ravine,    Harpe's   horse   sprained   a    limb,    and 
Leiper  overtook  him.     Both  were  armed  with 
rifles.  Leiper  fired,  and  wounded  Harpe  through 
the  body ;  the  latter,  turning  in  his  seat,  le- 
velled his   piece,   which    missed    fire,  and  he 
dashed  it  to  the  ground,  swearing  it  was  the  first 
time  it  had  ever  deceived  him.     He  then  drew  a 
tomahawk,  and  waited  the  approach  of  Leiper, 
who,    nothing   daunted,   unsheathed    his    long 
hunting  knife  and  rushed  upon  his  desperate 
foe,    grappled   with    him,    hurled    him   to    the 
ground,  and  wrested  his  only  remaining  weapon 
from    his   grasp.      The   prostrate   wretch — ex- 
hausted with  the  loss  of  blood,  conquered,  but 
unsubdued  in  spirit — now  lay  passive  at  the  feet 
of   his   adversary.     Expecting   every   moment 
t^ie  arrival  of  the  rest  of  his  pursuers,  he  in- 
quired if  Stegal  was  of  the  party,  and  being 
answered    in    the    affirmative,   he    exclaimed, 
"  then  I  am  a  dead  man." 

"  That  would  make  no  difference,"  replied 
Leiper,  calmly  ;  **  you  must  die  at  any  rate.  I 
do  not  wish  to  kill  you  myself,  but  if  nobody 
else  will  do  it,  I  must.'*  Leiper  was  a  humane 
man,  easy,  slow-spoken,  and  not  quickly  excited, 


THE  HARPES.  277 

but  a  thorough  soldier  when  roused.  Without 
insulting  the  expiring  criminal,  he  questioned 
him  as  to  the  motives  of  his  late  atrocities. 
The  murderer  attempted  not  to  palliate  or  deny 
them,  and  confessed  that  he  had  been  actuated 
by  no  inducement  but  a  settled  hatred  of  his 
species,  whom  he  had  sworn  to  destroy  without 
distinction,  in  retaliation  for  some  fancied  injury. 
He  expressed  no  regret  for  any  of  his  bloody 
deeds,  except  that  which  he  confessed  he  had  per- 
petrated upon  one  of  his  own  children.  "  It  cried," 
said  he,  "  and  I  killed  it :  I  had  always  told 
the  w^omen,  I  would  have  no  crying  about  me. ' 
He  acknowledged  that  he  had  amassed  large 
sums  of  money,  and  described  the  places  of  con- 
cealment ;  but  as  none  was  ever  discovered,  it  is 
presumed  he  did  not  declare  the  truth.  Leiper 
had  fired  several  times  at  Harpe  during  the 
chase,  and  wounded  him  j  and  when  the  latter 
was  asked  why,  when  he  found  Leiper  pursu- 
ing him  alone,  he  did  not  dismount  and  take  to  a 
tree,  from  behind  which  he  could  inevitably  have 
shot  him  as  he  approached,  he  replied  that  he  had 
supposed  there  was  not  a  horse  in  the  country 
equal  to  the  one  which  he  rode,  and  that  he 


^78  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

was  confident  of  making  his  escape.  He  thought 
also  that  the  pursuit  would  be  less  eager,  so  long 
as  he  abstained  from  shedding  the  blood  of  any 
of  his  pursuers.  On  the  arrival  of  the  rest  of  the 
party,  the  wretch  was  dispatched,  and  he  died 
as  he  had  lived,  in  remorseless  guilt.  It  is  said, 
however,  that  he  was  about  to  make  some  dis- 
closure, and  had  commenced  in  a  tone  of  more 
sincerity  than  he  had  before  evinced,  when 
Stegal  advanced  and  severed  his  head  from  his 
body.  This  bloody  trophy  they  carried  to  the 
nearest  magistrate,  a  Mr.  Newman,  before 
whom  it  was  proved  to  be  the  head  of  Micajah 
Harpe ;  they  then  placed  it  in  the  fork  of  a 
tree,  where  it  long  remained  a  revolting  object 
of  horror.  The  spot  which  is  near  the  High- 
land Lick,  in  Union  (then  Henderson)  County, 
is  still  called  Harpe's  Heady  and  a  public  road 
which  passes  it, is  called  the  Harpe's  Head  Road. 
■  The  other  Harpe  made  his  way  to  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  Natchez,  where  he  joined  a  gang 
of  robbers,  headed  by  a  man  named  Meason, 
whose  villanies  were  so  notorious  that  a  reward 
was  offered  for  his  head.  At  that  period,  vast 
regions   along    the  shores   of    the    Ohio    and 


THE  HARPES.  279 

Mississippi  were  still  unsettled,  through  which 
boats  navigating  those  rivers  must  necessarily 
pass;  and  the  traders  who,  after  selling  their 
cargoes  at  New  Orleans,  attempted  to  return  by 
land,  had  to  cross  immense  wildernesses,  totally 
destitute  of  inhabitants.  Meason,  who  was  a 
man  rather  above  the  ordinary  stamp,  infested 
these  deserts,  seldom  committing  murder,  but 
robbing  all  who  fell  in  his  way.  Sometimes  he 
plundered  the  descending  boats  ;  but  more  fre- 
quently he  allowed  these  to  pass,  preferring  to 
rob  their  owners  of  their  money  as  they  returned, 
pleasantly  observing,  that  "  those  people  were 
taking  produce  to  market  for  him."  Harpe  took 
an  opportunity,  when  the  rest  of  his  companions 
were  absent,  to  slay  Meason,  and  putting  his 
liead  in  a  bag,  carried  it  to  Natchez,  and  claimed 
the  reward.  The  claim  was  admitted ;  the  head 
of  Meason  was  recognized  ;  but  so  also  was  the 
face  of  Harpe,  who  was  arrested,  condemned, 
and  executed. 

In  collecting  oral  testimony  of  events  long 
past,  a  considerable  variety  will  often  be  found 
in  the  statements  of  the  persons  conversant 
with  the  circumstances.      In  this  case,  I  have 


280  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

found  none,  except  as  to  the  fact  of  the  two 
Harpes  having  exchanged  horses.  A  day  or  two 
before  the  fatal  catastrophe  which  ended  their 
career  in  Kentucky,  they  had  murdered  a 
gentleman  named  Love,  and  had  taken  his 
horse,  a  remarkably  fine  animal,  which  big 
Harpe  undoubtedly  rode  when  he  was  over- 
taken. It  is  said  that  Little  Harpe  escaped  on 
foot,  and  not  on  his  brother's  horse.  Many  of 
these  facts  were  disclosed  by  the  latter,  while 
under  sentence  of  death. 

After  Harpe's  death  the  women  came  in 
and  claimed  protection.  Two  of  them  were  the 
wives  of  the  larger  Harpe,  the  other  one  of 
his  brother.  The  latter  was  a  decent  female,  of 
delicate,  prepossessing  appearance,  who  stated 
that  she  had  married  her  husband  witliout  any 
knowledge  of  his  real  character,  shortly  before 
they  set  out  for  the  west ;  that  she  was  so  much 
shocked  at  the  first  murder  which  they  com- 
mitted, that  she  attempted  to  escape  from  them, 
but  was  prevented,  and  that  she  had  since  made 
similar  attempts.  She  immediately  wrote  to 
her  father  in  Virginia,  who  came  for  her,  and 
took  her  home.      The  other  women  were  in  no 


THE  HARPES.  ^81 

way  remarkable.      They  remained  in  Miihlen- 
burgli  county. 

These  horrid  events  will  sound  like  fiction  to 
your  ears,  when  told  as  having  happened  in  any 
part  of  the  United  States,  so  foreign  are  they 
from  the  generosity  of  the  American  character, 
the  happy  security  of  our  institutions,  and  the 
moral  habits  of  our  people.  But  it  is  to  be 
recollected  that  they  happened  twenty-seven 
years  ago,  in  frontier  settlements,  far  distant 
from  the  civilized  parts  of  our  country.  The 
principal  scene  of  Harpers  atrocities,  and  of  his 
death,  was  in  tliat  part  of  Kentucky  which  lies 
south  of  Green  River,  a  vast  wilderness,  then 
known  by  the  general  name  of  the  Green  River 
Countinj,  and  containing  a  few  small  and  thinly 
scattered  settlements — the  more  dense  popula- 
tion of  that  state  being  at  that  time  confined  to 
its  northern  and  eastern  parts.  The  Indians 
still  possessed  the  country  to  the  south  and  west. 
That  enormities  should  sometimes  have  been 
practised  at  these  distant  spots,  cannot  be 
matter  of  surprise  ;  the  only  wonder  is  that  they 
were  so  few.  The  first  settlers  were  a  hardy 
and  an  honest  people  ;  but  they  were  too  few  in 


282       LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

number,  and  too  widely  spread,  to  be  able  to 
create  or  enforce  wholesome  civil  restraints. 
Desperadoes,  flying  from  justice,  or  seeking  a 
secure  theatre  for  the  perpetration  of  crime, 
might  frequently  escape  discovery,  and  as  often 
elude  or  openly  defy  the  arm  of  justice. 


BACKWOODSMEN    -  REGULATORS.  283 


LETTER  XVIII. 

BACKWOODSMEN REGULATORS. 

It  has  been  objected  that  such  **  horrid  de- 
tails" as  those  contained  in  my  last  letter  are 
not  proper  for  publication  ;  that  "  such  dis- 
gusting sketches  of  human  depravity  and  bar- 
barism manifest  either  a  vitiated  taste  or  a 
total  disregard  of  the  morals  of  the  community." 
I  reply,  that  whatever  tends  to  develope  the 
history  or  character  of  a  people,  is  a  legitimate 
subject  of  public  discussion.  History,  to  be 
of  any  value,  must  be  true.  It  must  disclose, 
not  only  the  truth,  but  the  whole  truth.  In 
vain  would  the  historian  seek  this  in  frail 
monuments,  vaguely  preserved  in  the  uncer- 
tain legends  of  tradition.     He  must  resort  to 


28i  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

national  records,  and  to  the  testimony  of  writers 
contemporary  with  the  events  which  he  attempts 
to  describe,  and  if  the  latter  abstain  from  the 
narration  of  "  disgusting  sketches  of  human 
depravity  and  barbarism,"  history  must  be  cur- 
tailed of  her  most  fruitful  source  of  incident, 
and  men  and  nations  stripped  of  their  boldest 
peculiarities.  It  is  perhaps  forgotten,  that 
*'  depravity  and  barbarism"  constitute  almost 
the  sole  basis  of  history,  tragedy,  and  epic  song ; 
that  kings  and  courts  are  nothing  without  them ; 
that  they  revel  amid  "the  pomp,  pride,  and  cir- 
cumstance of  glorious  war  ;"  that  they  are  the 
very  elements  of  faction  and  revolution  ; 
and  stand  forth,  in  bold  relief,  in  every  depart- 
ment of  civil  subordination.  They  exist  in  the 
contemplation  of  every  religious,  and  moral? 
and  municipal  code  ;  all  philosophy  detects 
them,  and  all  creeds  abjure  them  ;  they  are  the 
fruitful  cause  of  disease — the  prolific  source  of 
incident;  and  all  nature  proclaims  that  **man 
is  prone  to  evil,  as  the  sparks  fly  upward." 
It  is  to  be  deplored  that  such  is  the  fact ;  but 
wliile  crime  and  folly  continue  to  predomi- 
nate in  the  affairs  of  men,  they  will  be  found 


BACKWOODSMEN — REGULATORS.  285 

to  swell  the  pages   of  those  who  attempt  to 
exhibit  correct  pictures  of  haman  nature. 

In  describing  the  American  backwoodsmen, 
a  class  of  men  peculiar  to  our  country,  I  thought 
it  proper  to  introduce,  among  other  authentic 
anecdotes,  the  story  of  the  Harpes.     My  object 
was  to  display,  as  well  the  extraordinary  suf- 
ferings to  which  the  emigrants  to  the  western 
country  were    exposed,    as    the    courage  with 
which  they  met  and  repelled   those  hardships. 
— When  we  know  that  the  state  of  Kentucky 
was   settled   by   the  farmers   of  Virginia    and 
North   Carolina,  we  are  at  a  loss   to  discover 
by  what  process   a  race   of  husbandmen  were 
transformed  into  a  bold,   adventurous,  military 
people.     The  toils  of  the  chase,    or  the   mere 
labour   of  subduing   the   forest,    were    not   of 
themselves  calculated  to  produce  these  traits 
of  character,  without  the  addition  of  some  other 
powerful  causes.     The  history  of  Kentucky  is 
fruitful  in  interesting  events,  which  awakened 
the .  courage  and    exercised   the    ingenuity  of 
her  citizens,  while  they  implanted  that  military 
spirit  which  is  still  a  conspicuous  feature    in 
the  character  of  that  patriotic  state  ;  but  these, 


286  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

it  seems,  are  forbidden  to   us,  because  it  has 
just  been   found  out,   that  a  regard  for   *'  the 
morals  of  the  community^'  renders  it  improper 
to  disclose  the   "  barbarism"  of  the  Indian,  or 
the    *'  depravity"   of   the   felon  who   flies  for 
safety  to  a  frontier.     These  researches  may^  or 
they  may  not,  manifest   "  a  vitiated  taste" — the 
public  will  decide  that  question.     In  the  mean- 
time, if  I  am  to  be  allowed  to  speculate  upon 
the   peculiarities   of   my  countrymen,  I   must 
claim  the  privilege  of  managing  my  case   ac- 
cording to  my  own  judgment,  holding  myself 
responsible   to  no  other  constraints  than  sucli 
as  are  indicated  by  a  respect  for  religion,  truth, 
and  modesty.     Whenever  I  sh-H  offend  against 
either  of  these,  by  a  wilful  mis-'btatement  or  an 
idle  jest,  I  shall  submit  in  silence  to  the  cen- 
sure of  public  indignation.     I  desire  to  be  an 
author   no    longer   than    I    can    combine   the 
cheerfulness    of  wit  with    the    morality  of  a 
christian,  and  the  courtesy  of  good-breeding. 
Without  these,   a   writer  is  a  pest  worse  than 
an  influenza,  a  tariff",  or  a  paper-bank.* 

*  These  remarks  are  made  in  reply  to  some  strictures  upon 


BACKWOODSMEN — REGULATORS.  287 

The  manners  and  institutions  of  a  new  peo- 
ple are  always  curious — presenting  the  naked 
outlines  of  character,  the  first  rudiments  of 
civilization,  and  all  the  simple  elements  of 
society.  In  New  England,  the  fathers  con- 
tended successfully  with  the  savage  and  the 
climate  ;  they  made  Jaws,  burned  witches,  pro- 
hibited kissing,  and  knocked  their  beer-barrels 
on  the  head  for  working  on  the  Sabbath.  They 
had  many  simple  fashions,  and  queer  ways, 
which  have  vanished  with  their  witches  and 
their  blue  laws.  They  were  not  so  military  in 
their  habits,  as  their  prototypes  in  the  west ; 
because,  though  equally  brave  and  enterpris- 
ing, they  were  more  industrious,  more  frugal, 
and  less  mercu'i.i  in  their  temperament.  Re- 
ligion was  with  them  a  powerful  spring  of 
action,  and  discouraged  all  wars  except  those 
of  self-defence.  The  social  and  moral  virtues, 
the  sciences  and  arts,  were  cherished  and  re- 
spected ;  and  there  were  many  roads  to  office 
and  to  eminence,  which  were  safer  and  more 


one  of  these  letters,  which  appeared  in  a  periodical  work,  and 
which  do  not  require  a  more  particular  notice. 


288  LETTERS    FKOM    THE    WEST. 

certain,    and   not   less   honourable,    than    the 
bloody  path  of  warlike  achievement. 

Kentucky  was  settled  at  a  period  when  re- 
ligious fanaticism  had  vanished,  and  when  the 
principles  of  the  revokition,  then  in  full  opera- 
tion, had  engendered  liberal  and  original  modes 
of  thinking — when  every  man  was  a  politician, 
a  soldier,  and  a  patriot,  ready  to  make  war  or 
to  make  laws,  to  put  his  hand  to  the  plough 
or  to  the  helm  of  state,  as  circumstances  might 
require.  They  went  to  a  w^ilderness  with  all 
these  new  notions  in  their  heads,  full  of  ardour, 
and  full  of  projects,  determined  to  add  a  new 
state  to  the  family  of  republics,  at  all  hazards. 
With  Boon  for  their  file-leader,  they  resolutely 
breasted  all  opposition.  The  rifle  and  the  axe 
were  incessantly  employed.  The  savage  was 
to  be  expelled  ;  the  panther,  the  wolf,  and  the 
bear  to  be  exterminated  ;  the  forest  to  be  razed  j 
houses  to  be  built :  and  when  all  this  was  ac- 
complished, their  labours  were  but  commenced. 
Separated,  by  an  immense  wilderness,  and  by 
the  rugged  ridges  of  the  Alleghany  mountains, 
from  the  older  settlements,  the  transportation 
of  heavy  articles  was  at  first  impossible,   and 


BACKWOODSMEN REGULATORS.  289 

for  many  years  difficult  and  expensive.  The 
pioneers,  therefore,  brought  Httle  else  with 
them  than  their  weapons,  and  their  ammuni- 
tion ;  those  who  followed  in  their  footsteps 
brought  cattle,  and  hogs,  and  a  few  articles  of 
immediate  necessity,  laden  upon  pack-horses. 
With  no  tools  but  an  axe  and  an  augiu",  the 
settler  built  his  cabin  ;  with  a  chimney  built 
of  sticks,  and  a  door  hung  upon  wooden  hinges, 
and  confined  with  a  wooden  latch.  Chairs, 
tables,  and  bedsteads,  were  fabricated  with  the 
same  unwieldy  tools.  These  primitive  dwell- 
ings are  by  no  means  so  wretched  as  their 
name  and  their  rude  workmanship  seem  to 
imply.  They  still  constitute  the  usual  resi- 
dence of  the  farmers  in  new  settlements, 
and  I  have  often  found  them  roomy,  tight,  and 
comfortable.  If  one  cabin  is  not  sufficient, 
another,  and  another  is  added,  until  the  whole 
family  is  accommodated ;  and  thus  the  home- 
stead of  a  substantial  farmer  often  resembles 
a  little  village.  Farming  utensils  were  next  to 
be  fabricated,  and  land  to  be  cleared  and 
fenced  ;  and  while  all  this  was  carrying  on, 
the   new   settler  had    to  provide  food  for  his 

u 


^90  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

family  with    his  rifle,  to  look  after  his   stock, 
which  ranged  the  woods,  exposed  to  the  *'  wild 
varmints,"  and  to  *'  keep  a  red  eye  out"   for 
Indians.     In  addition  to  these  more  important 
matters,  it  will  readily  be  imagined,  that  a  num- 
ber of  little  things  would  have  to  be  made,  and 
done,    and   provided,    before    the    woodsman, 
adhering  strictly  to  the  system  of  home  manu- 
facture, could  be   ^^  "well  jixed^'  as  their  phrase 
is ;  a  man  who  goes  into  the  woods,  as  one  of 
these  veterans  observed  to  me,   *'  has  a  heap  of 
little  jixens  to  study  out,  and  a  great  deal  of 
prqjecking  to  do,  as  well  as  hard  work." 

At  the  close  of  the  revolution  the  state  of 
Virginia  rewarded  her  military  officers  by  dona- 
tions of  land,  in  the  then  district  of  Kentucky. 
Many  of  these  gentlemen,  with  others  who  at 
the  close  of  the  war  found  themselves  without 
employment,  emigrated  to  that  country,  carry- 
ing with  them,  the  courage,  skill,  and  lofty 
notions  incident  to  military  command.  They 
became  the  leaders  in  the  Indian  wars  ;  and  as 
bravery  is  necessarily  held  in  the  highest  esti- 
mation among  a  people  who  are  exposed  to 
danger,  they  soon  became  the  popular  men  of 


BACKWOODSMEN  —  REGULATORS.  291 

the  country,  and  filled  many  of  the  civil  offices. 
The  people  and  the  institutions  imbibed  their 
spirit,  and  the  Kentuckians  became  a  chivalrous 
people.  Brave  and  hardy  they  must  have  been 
from  their  manner  of  life  ;  but  we  must  attri- 
bute much  of  their  hospitality,  their  polish, 
and  their  intelligence  to  the  gentlemen  of  Vir- 
ginia, who  came  to  this  state  in  early  times, 
bringing  with  them  education,  wealth,  and 
talents. 

Among  the  early  settlers  there  was  a  way  of 
trying  causes,  which  may  perhaps  be  uew  to 
you.  No  commentator  has  taken  any  notice  of 
Linch's  Lmv,  which  was  once  the  lex  loci  of  the 
frontiers.  Its  operation  was  as  follows  :  when 
a  horse  thief,  a  counterfeiter,  or  any  other  des- 
perate vagabond,  infested  a  neighbourhood, 
evading  justice  by  cunning,  or  by  a  strong  arm, 
or  by  the  number  of  his  confederates,  the 
citizens  formed  themselves  into  a  "  regulating 
company y^'  a  kind  of  holy  brotherhood,  whose 
duty  was  to  purge  the  community  of  its  unruly 
members.  Mounted,  armed,  and  commanded 
by  a  leader,  they  proceeded  to  arrest  such  no- 
torious offenders  as  were  deemed  fit  subjects  of 

u  2 


292  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

exemplary  justice  ;  their  operations  were  gene- 
rally carried  on  in  the  night.  Squire  Birch, 
who  was  personated  by  one  of  the  party,  estab- 
lished his  tribunal  under  a  tree  in  the  woods, 
and  the  culprit  was  brought  before  him,  tried, 
and  generally  convicted ;  he  was  then  tied  to 
a  tree,  lashed  without  mercy,  and  ordered  to 
leave  the  country  within  a  given  time,  under 
pain  of  a  second  visitation.  It  seldom  happened 
that  more  than  one  or  two  were  thus  punished ; 
their  confederates  took  the  hint  and  fled,  or 
were  admonished  to  quit  the  neighbourhood. 
Neither  the  justice  nor  the  policy  of  this  prac- 
tice can  be  defended,  but  it  was  often  resorted 
to  from  necessity,  and  its  operation  was  salutary 
in  ridding  the  country  of  miscreants  whom  the 
law  was  not  strong  enough  to  punish.  It  was 
liable  to  abuse,  and  was  sometimes  abused ;  but 
in  general  it  was  conducted  with  moderation,  and 
only  exerted  upon  the  basest  and  most  lawless 
men.  Sometimes  the  sufferers  resorted  to  courts 
of  justice  for  remuneration,  and  there  have  been 
instances  of  heavy  damages  being  recovered  of 
the  regulators.  Whenever  a  county  became 
strong  enough  to  enforce  the  laws,  these  high- 
handed  doings  ceased  to  be  tolerated. 


THE    MISSOURI    TRAPPER.  293 


LETTER  XIX. 


THE  MISSOURI  TRAPPER. 


The  varied  fortunes  of  tliose  who  bear  the 
above  cognomen,  whatever  may  be  their  vir- 
tues or  demerits,  must,  upon  the  common  prin- 
ciples of  humanity,  claim  our  sympathy,  while 
they  cannot  fail  to  awaken  admiration.  The 
hardships  voluntarily  encountered,  the  priva- 
tions manfully  endured,  by  this  hardy  race,  in 
the  exercise  of  their  perilous  calling,  present 
abundant  proofs  of  those  peculiar  characteristics 
which  distinguish  the  American  woodsmen. 
The  trackless  deserts  of  Missouri,  the  innu- 
merable tributary  streams  of  the  Mississippi, 
the  fastnesses  of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  have  all 
been  explored  by  these  bold  adventurers  ;  and 
the  great  and  increasing  importance  of  the 
Missouri  fur  trade,  is  an  evidence  as  well  of 


1^94  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

their   numbers,  as   of  their  skill  and   perseve- 
rance. 

The  ingenious  author  of  Robinson  Crusoe 
has  shewn,  by  an  agreeable  fiction,  that  man 
may  exist  in  a  desert,  without  the  society  or 
aid  of  his  fellow-creatures,  and  unassisted  by 
those  contrivances  of  art  which  are  deemed  in- 
dispensable in  a  state  of  civilized  society ;  that 
nature  will  supply  all  his  absolute  wants ;  and 
that  his  own  ingenuity  will  suggest  ways  and 
means  of  living  which  are  not  dreamt  of  in  the 
philosophy  of  polished  circles.  That  which  the 
novelist  deemed  barely  possible,  and  which  has 
always  been  considered  as  marvellously  incre- 
dible by  a  large  portion  of  his  readers,  is  now 
daily  and  hourly  reduced  to  practice  in  our 
western  forests.  Here  may  be  found  many  a 
Crusoe,  clad  in  skins,  and  contentedly  keeping 
*'  bachelor's  hall"  in  the  wild  woods,  unblessed^ 
by  the  smile  of  beauty,  uncheered  by  the  voice 
of  humanity — without  even  a  *'  man  Friday'' 
for  company,  and  ignorant  of  the  busy  world, 
its  cares,  its  pleasures,  or  its  comforts. 

But  the  solitary  wight  whose  cabin  is  pitched 
in  the  deepest  recess  of  the  forest,  whose  gun 


THE    MISSOURI    TRAPPER.  295 

supplies  his  table,  and  whose  dog  is  his  only 
comrade,  enjoys  ease  and  comfort,  in  com- 
parison with  the  trapper,  whose  erratic  steps 
lead  him  continually  into  new  toils  and  dangers. 
Compelled  to  procure  his  subsistence  by  very 
precarious  means  from  day  to  day,  in  those 
immense  regions  of  wilderness  into  which  he 
fearlessly  penetrates,  he  is  sometimes  known  to 
live  for  a  considerable  period  upon  food  over 
which  the  hungry  wolf  would  pause  for  a  polite 
interval  before  carving.  The  ordinary  food  of 
a  trapper  is  corn  and  buffaloe-tallow ;  and 
although  his  rifle  often  procures  him  more 
dainty  viands,  he  is  frequently,  on  the  other 
hand,  forced  to  devour  his  peltry  and  gnaw 
his  moccasins. 

An  old  man  arrived  at  Fort  Atkinson  in  June 
last,  from  the  Upper  Missouri,  who  was  in- 
stantly recognized  by  some  of  the  officers  of  the 
garrison,  as  an  individual  supposed  some  time 
since  to  have  been  devoured  by  a  white  bear, 
but  more  recently  reported  to  have  been  slain 
by  the  Arickara  Indians ;  his  name  is  Hugh 
Glass.  Whether  old  Ireland,  or  Scotch-Irish 
Pennsylvania  claims  the  honour  of  his  nativity, 


296  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

I  have  not  ascertained  with  precision,  nor  do 
I  suppose  that  the  humble  fortunes  of  the 
hardy  adventurer  will  excite  a  rivalry  on  the 
subject  similar  to  that  respecting  the  birth-place 
of  Homer.  The  following  is  his  own  account 
of  himself,  for  the  last  ten  months  of  his  perilous 
career. 

Pie  was  employed  as  a  trapper  by  Major 
Henry,  an  enterprising  gentleman  of  St.  Louis, 
engaged  in  the  fur- trade,  and  was  attached  to 
his  command  before  the  Arickara  towns.  After 
the  flight  of  these  Indians,  the  major  and  his 
party  set  out  for  the  Yellow-stone  River.  Their 
route  lay  up  the  Grand  River,  and  through  a 
prairie  country,  occasionally  interspersed  with 
thickets  of  brush-wood,  dwarf-plum  trees,  and 
other  shrubs  indigenous  to  a  sandy,  sterile  soil. 
As  these  adventurers  usually  draw  their  food, 
as  well  as  their  raiment,  from  Nature's  spacious 
warehouse,  it  is  customary  for  one  or  two  hun- 
ters to  precede  the  party  in  search  of  game, 
that  the  whole  may  not  be  forced  at  night  to 
lie  down  supperless.  The  rifle  of  Hugh  Glass 
being  esteemed  as  among  the  most  unerring,  he 
was  on  one  occasion  detached  for  supplies.    He 


THE    MISSOURI    TRAPPER.  i^97 

was  a  short  distance  in  advance  of  the  party, 
and  forcing  his  way  through  a  thicket,  when  a 
white  bear,  that  had  imbedded  herself  in  the 
sand,  arose  within  three  yards  of  him,  and 
before  he  coukl  "  set  his  triggers,"  or  turn  to 
I'etreat,  he  was  seized  by  the  throat  and  raised 
from  the  ground  ;  casting  him  again  upon  the 
earth,  his  grim  adversary  tore  out  a  mouth, 
ful  of  the  cannibal  food  which  had  excited  her 
appetite,  and  retired  to  submit  the  sample  to 
her  yearling  cubs,  which  were  near  at  hand. 
The  sufferer  now  made  an  effort  to  escape,  but 
the  bear  immediately  returned  with  a  re-inforce- 
nient,  and  seized  him  by  the  shoulder  :  she 
also  lacerated  his  left  arm  very  much,  and  in- 
flicted a  severe  wound  on  the  back  of  his  head. 
In  this  second  attack  the  cubs  were  prevented 
from  participating,  by  one  of  the  party  who  had 
rushed  forward  to  the  relief  of  his  comrade. 
One  of  the  cubs,  however,  forced  the  new-comer 
to  retreat  into  the  river,  where,  standing  to  the 
middle  in  the  water,  he  gave  his  foe  a  mortal 
shot,  or  to  use  his  own  language,  "  I  burst  the 
varment.**  Meantime  the  main  body  of  trappers 
having  arrived,  advanced  to  the  relief  of  Glass, 


298  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

and  delivered  seven  or  eight  shots,  so  well 
directed  as  to  terminate  hostilities,  by  dispatch- 
ing the  bear  as  she  stood  over  her  bleeding 
victim. 

Glass  was  thus  providentially  snatched  from 
the  grasp  of  the  ferocious  animal ;  yet  his  con- 
dition was  far  from  being  enviable  :  he  had 
received  several  dangerous  wounds,  his  whole 
body  was  bruised  and  mangled,  and  he  lay 
weltering  in  his  blood,  in  exquisite  torment. 
To  procure  surgical  aid,  now  so  desirable,  was 
impossible ;  and  to  remove  the  sufferer  was 
equally  so  ;  the  safety  of  the  whole  party,  being 
now  in  the  country  of  hostile  Indians,  depended 
on  the  celerity  of  their  movements.  To  re- 
move the  lacerated  and  scarcely  breathing 
Glass,  seemed  certain  death  to  him — to  the  rest 
of  the  party  such  a  measure  would  have  been 
fraught  with  danger.  Under  these  circum- 
stances, Major  Henry,  by  offering  an  extrava- 
gant reward,  induced  two  of  his  party  to 
remain  with  the  wounded  man  until  he  should 
expire,  or  recover  sufficient  strength  to  bear 
removal  to  some  of  the  trading  establishments 
in  that  country.      They  remained   with  their 


THE  MISSOURI  TRAPPER.  299 

patient  five  days,  when  supposing  his  recovery 
to  be  no  longer  possible,  they  cruelly  abandoned 
him,  taking  with  them  his  rifle,  shot  pouch, 
and  all  appliances,  leaving  him  no  means  of 
making  fire  or  procuring  food.  These  unprin- 
cipled wretches  proceeded  on  the  trail  of  their 
employer ;  and  when  they  overtook  him, 
reported  that  Glass  had  died  of  his  wounds, 
and  that  they  had  interred  him  in  the  best 
manner  possible.  They  produced  his  effects  in 
confirmation  of  their  assertions,  and  readily 
obtained  credence. 

But  poor  Glass  was  not  **  a  slovenly,  unhand- 
some corpse ;"  nor  was  he  willing  to  yield 
without  a  struggle  to  the  grim  king  of  terrors. 
Retaining  a  slight  hold  upon  life,  when  he 
found  himself  abandoned,  he  crawled  with  great 
difficulty  to  a  spring,  which  was  within  a  few 
yards.  Here  he  laid  ten  days  subsisting  upon 
cherries  that  hung  over  the  spring,  and  grains 
des  bceufs,  or  buffaloe-berries,  which  were  within 
his  reach.  Acquiring  by  slow  degrees  a  little 
strength,  he  now  set  off  for  Fort  Kiawa,  a 
trading  post,  on  the  Missouri  River,  about  three 
hundred  and  fifty  miles  distant.     It  required  no 


300  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

ordinary  degree  of  fortitude  to  crawl  to  the  end 
of  such  a  journey,  through  a  hostile  country, 
without  fire-arms,  with  scarcely  strength  to 
drag  one  limb  after  another,  and  with  almost 
no  other  subsistence  than  wild  berries.  He  had, 
however,  the  good  fortune  one  day  to  be  "  in  at 
the  death  of  a  buifaloe  calf,"  which  was  over- 
taken and  slain  by  a  pack  of  wolves.  He  per- 
mitted the  assailants  to  carry  on  the  war,  until  no 
signs  of  life  remained  in  their  victim,  and  then 
interfered  and  took  possession  of  the  ^^  fatted 
calf ;'  but  as  he  had  no  means  of  striking  fire, 
we  may  infer  that  he  did  not  make  a  very 
prodigal  use  of  the  veal  thus  obtained.  With 
indefatigable  industry,  he  continued  to  crawl 
until  he  reached  Fort  Kiawa. 

Before  his  wounds  were  entirely  healed,  the 
chivalry  of  Glass  was  awakened,  and  he  joined 
a  party  of  five  engages,  who  were  bound,  in  a 
piroque,  to  Yellow  Stone  River.  The  primary 
object  of  this  voyage  was  declared  to  be  the 
recovery  of  his  arms,  and  vengeance  on  the 
recreant  who  had  robbed  and  abandoned  him  in 
his  hour  of  peril.  When  the  party  had  ascend- 
ed to   within  a  few  miles  of  the  old  Mandan 


THE  MISSOURI  TRAPPER.  301 

village,  our  trapper  of  hair-breadth  'scapes, 
landed  for  tlie  purpose  of  proceeding  to  Tilton's 
Fort  at  that  place,  by  a  nearer  route  than  that 
of  the  river.  On  the  following  day,  all  the 
companions  of  his  voyage  were  massacred  by 
the  Arickara  Indians.  Approaching  the  fort 
with  some  caution,  he  observed  two  squaws 
whom  he  recognised  as  Arickaras,  and  who,  dis- 
covering him  at  the  same  time,  turned  and  fled. 
This  was  the  first  intelligence  which  he  obtained 
of  the  fact,  that  the  Arickaras  had  taken  post  at 
the  Mandan  village,  and  he  at  once  perceived 
the  danger  of  his  situation.  The  squaws  were 
not  long  in  rallying  the  warriors  of  the  tribe, 
who  immediately  commenced  the  pursuit. 
Suffering  still  under  the  severity  of  his  recent 
wounds,  the  poor  fugitive  made  but  a  feeble 
essay  at  flight,  and  his  enemies  were  v/ithin  rifle 
shot  of  him,  when  two  Mandan  mounted  war- 
riors rushed  forward  and  seized  him.  Instead  of 
despatching  their  prisoner,  as  he  had  anticipated, 
they  mounted  him  on  a  fleet  horse,  which  they 
had  brought  out  for  that  purpose,  and  carried 
him  into  Tilton's  Fort  without  injury. 

The  same  evening,  Glass  crept  out  of  the  fort, 


302       LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

and  after  travelling  thirty-eight  days  alone,  and 
through  the  country  of  hostile  Indians,  he 
arrived  at  Henry's  establishment. 

Finding  that  the  trapper  he  was  in  pursuit  of 
had  gone  to  Fort  Atkinson,  Glass  readily  con- 
sented to  be  the  bearer  of  letters  for  that  post, 
and  accordingly  left  Henry's  Fort  on  the  Big 
Horn  River,  on  the  29th  of  February,  1824. 
Four  men  accompanied  him  :  they  travelled 
across  to  Powder  River,  which  empties  itself 
into  the  Yellow  Stone,  below  the  mouth  of  the 
Horn.  They  pursued  their  route  up  the 
Powder  to  its  source,  and  thence  across  to  the 
Platte.  Here  they  constructed  skin  boats,  and 
descended  in  them  to  the  lower  end  of  Les  Cotes 
Noirs,  (the  Black  Hills),  where  they  discovered 
thirty-eight  lodges  of  Arickara  Indians.  This 
was  the  encampment  of  Gray-eye's  band. 
That  chief  had  been  killed  in  the  attack  of  the 
American  troops  upon  his  village,  and  the  tribe 
was  now  under  the  command  of  Langue  de  BicJie 
(Elk's  Tongue.)  This  warrior  came  down,  and 
invited  our  little  party  ashore,  and  by  many 
professions  of  friendship,  induced  them  to 
believe  him  to  be  sincere.      Glass   had    once 


THE  MISSOURI  TRAPPER.  303 

resided  with  this  tonguey  old  politician  during  a 
long  winter,  had  joined  him  in  the  chase,  and 
smoked  his  pipe,  and  cracked  many  a  bottle  by 
the  genial  fire  of  his  wigwam  ;  and  when  he 
landed,  the  savage  chief  embraced  him  with  the 
cordiality  of  an  old  friend.  The  whites  were 
thrown  off  their  guard,  and  accepted  an  invi- 
tation to  smoke  in  the  Indian's  lodge.  While 
engaged  in  passing  the  hospitable  pipe,  a  small 
child  was  heard  to  utter  a  suspicious  scream. 
Glass  looked  tow^ards  the  door  of  the  lodge,  and 
beheld  the  squaws  of  the  tribe  bearing  off  the 
arms  and  other  effects  of  his  party.  This  was 
a  signal  for  a  general  movement;  the  guests 
sprang  from  their  seats,  and  fied  with  precipi- 
tation, pursued  by  their  treacherous  enter- 
tainers :  the  whites  ran  for  life  :  the  red  war- 
riors for  blood.  Two  of  the  party  were  over- 
taken and  put  to  death :  one  of  them  within  a 
few  yards  of  Glass,  who  had  gained  a  point  of 
rocks  unperceived,  and  lay  concealed  from  the 
view  of  his  pursuers.  Versed  in  all  the  arts  of 
border  warfare,  our  adventurer  was  enabled  to 
practice  them  in  the  present  crisis  with  such 
success,  as  to  baffle  his  blood-thirsty  enemies ;. 


304  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

and  he  remained  in  his  lurking  place  until  the 
search  was  abandoned  in  despair.  Breathing 
once  more  a  free  air,  he  sallied  forth  under 
cover  of  the  night,  and  resumed  his  line  of 
march  towards  Fort  Kiawa.  The  buffaloe  calves 
at  that  season  of  the  year,  were  generally  but 
a  few  days  old ;  and  as  the  country  through 
which  he  travelled  was  abundantly  stocked  with 
them,  he  found  it  no  difficult  task  to  overtake 
one  as  often  as  his  appetite  admonished  him  to 
task  his  speed  for  that  purpose.  *'  Although," 
said  he,  "  I  had  lost  my  rifle  and  all  my  'plunder^ 
I  felt  quite  rich,  when  I  found  my  knife,  flint, 
and  steel  in  my  shot  pouch.  These  little  fixens,'* 
added  he,  "  make  a  man  feel  right  peart,  when 
he  is  three  or  four  hundred  vhiIq^  from  any  body 
or  any  place — all  alone  among  the  painters  and 
wild  varments^' 

A  journey  of  fifteen  days  brought  him  to 
Fort  Kiawa.  Thence  he  descended  to  Fort 
Atkinson,  at  the  Council  Bluffs,  where  he  found 
his  old  traitorous  acquaintance  in  the  garb  of 
a  private  soldier.  This  shielded  the  delinquent 
from  chastisement.  The  commanding  officer 
at  the  post  ordered  his  rifle  to  be  restored,  and 


THE  MISSOURI  TRAPrER.  305 

the  veteran  trapper  was  furnished  with  such 
other  appliances— or  Jlvens,  as  he  would  term 
them — as  put  him  in  plight  again  to  take  the 
field.  This  appeased  the  wrath  of  Hugh  Glass, 
whom  my  informant  left,  astounding,  with  his 
wonderful  narration,  the  gaping  rank  and  file 
of  the  garrison. 


X 


306  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 


LETTER  XX. 


EMIGRATION. 


Having  in  my  former  letters  endeavoured  to 
sketch  a  faint  outline  of  the  character  and  suf- 
ferings of  the  first  settlers  of  this  country,  I 
shall  now  give  you  some  traits  of  a  less  hardy 
race,  its  more  recently  acquired  inhabitants. 
Between  those  persons,  and  the  subjects  of  my 
present  communication,  there  exist  these 
marked  distinctions ;  namely  : — the  first  were 
a  peculiar  class  of  men,  accustomed  to  danger 
and  privations ;  the  latter  are  persons  taken 
from  all  the  various  grades  of  civilized  society ; 
the  former  came  to  conquer  a  country,  the 
latter  to  enjoy  it ;  the  former  came  from  the 
southern,  the  latter  from  the  eastern  and  mid- 
dle states  ;  the  former  took  possession  of  Keu- 


EAIIGIIATION.  307 

tiicky  ;  the  latter  are  crowding  to  Ohio,  Indiana, 
and  Illinois.  I  am  aware  that  it  is  impossible  to 
do  justice  to  this  subject  within  the  compass 
of  a  letter  ;  but  I  feel  also  the  danger  of  enter- 
ing too  minutely  upon  a  theme  which  presents 
a  vast  variety  of  interesting  features.  To  say 
nothing  of  the  mighty  revolution  which  a  score 
of  years  has  produced  in  this  wonderful  country 
— of  the  extensive  regions  which  have  been 
civilized,  or  of  the  sublime  reflections  excited  by 
the  establishment  of  states  and  governments, 
there  are  a  thousand  minor  traits  in  the  scenes 
which  I  have  witnessed — pictures  of  domestic  life 
and  individual  fortune,  which  present  new  and 
affecting  views  of  human  nature.  If  the  miser- 
able victims  of  penury,  alone,  changing  only 
the  scene  of  distress,  had  sought  refuge  in  these 
solitudes,  or  if  none  but  the  greedy  worship- 
pers of  mammon  had  braved  the  fury  of  the 
blast,  and  the  gloom  of  the  wilderness,  a  single 
stroke  of  the  pen  might  display  the  merits  and 
the  fortunes  of  all.  The  hacknied  tale  of  vir- 
tue in  distress,  would  draw  for  the  former  the 
common  tribute  of  a  tear  ;    while  the  latter 

X  2 


SOS  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

would   be  abandoned   without    commiseration, 
to  the  just  rewards  of  overweening  avarice. 

But  the  mighty  stream  has  not  emanated 
from  a  single  fountain — it  comes  compounded 
of  various  elements,  flowing  from  a  thousand 
sources,  mingling  and  combining  their  dis- 
cordant materials  into  one  great  and  living 
mass.  Industrv  sends  her  sun-brown  children, 
avarice  her  minions,  ambition  her  aspirants, 
and  sorrow  her  heavily  laden  offspring.  Never, 
since  the  davs  when  a  romantic  religious  en- 
thusiasm  allured  all  ages,  sexes,  and  conditions, 
to  the  shrine  of  a  favourite  saint,  has  the  world 
witnessed  such  party-coloured  hordes,  peace- 
fully pursuing  a  common  path  to  a  common 
destination. 

This  subject  w^as  forcibly  presented  to  my 
mind,  a  few  years  ago,  during  a  journey  over 
the  Alleghany  mountains ;  and  as  the  lonely 
scenes  among  which  these  impressions  were 
made  upon  my  memory,  are  peculiarly  fitted 
to  exemplify  the  toils,  and  to  gvie  a  tinge  of 
the  picturesque  to  the  adventures  of  the  emi- 
grants whom  I  there  encountered,  you  must 
linger  with  me  here  for  a  few  moments. 


EiMIGRATION.  309 

The  traveller  who  crosses  the  stupendous 
chain  of  mountains  which  form  a  dividing  line 
between  the  two  great  sections  of  our  country, 
often  pauses  to  ponder  on  the  deep  gloom  and 
savage  wildness  presented  to  his  eye.  Nature 
seems  to  have  reserved  these  strong  fastnesses 
to  herself,  as  a  last  retreat  from  the  encroach- 
ments of  art.  Her  precarious  sway  over  the 
valley  and  the  plain,  is  incessantly  assailed  by 
the  unwearied  arm  of  civilization,  which  every 
day  despoils  some  fair  portion  of  her  ancient 
dominion.  The  rill  no  longer  murmurs  in  the 
solitude,  nor  does  the  songster  alone  fill  the 
grove  with  his  melody  ;  the  discordant  hum  of 
a  busy  world  mingles  its  hoarse  tones  with 
those  notes  of  sweet  and  native  eloquence  by 
which  nature  speaks  to  her  delighted  votaries ; 
the  "  dappled  denizen"  of  the  forest  shade  has 
fled,  and  the  forest  itself  is  prostrated  by  the 
fierce  invaders.  But  here  she  sits  securely 
enthroned  among  her  favourite  wilds,  defended 
by  bulwarks  which  bid  defiance  to  invasion. 
Man,  the  sworn  enemy  to  the  fairest  works  of 
his  Creator,  advances  to  the  barrier,  and  halts ; 
he  pauses  on  the  brink   of  the  precipice,  mea- 


310  ii7:£.-.<  r&OM  the  west. 


sures  with  a    ^c5^.>LuL.i^^  eye  the  oi 
t£S^  acnd  retiics  £noai  flie  conflict. 

Xo  desariqptioD  can  ocH^TeT  any  adequate 
idea  erf* the  winda^  paths,  the  steep  accEv  res, 
the  oi^ezfaa&giDg  di^  and  dark  rapines;  with 
'which  theseA'r.rf  resioiis ahoond — :'*:?  sob- 
fime  ^andesr    :  5  f Derv,  or  A  f      -      'tv 


S3.- 

and  dans^er  o 


I  am  speaking,  the  tnn^kes,  which  have  dnce 
rendered  the  passes  of  the  moimtaiBs  so  safe 
and  easy,  were  not  completed  ;  and  if  I  foond 
it  tdHsome  in  the  eAiieme  to  acconi|di5h  ary 
jocrrey  00  h<Msdiack,  yoo  may  concerrc  *!!e 
afanor.  : ~ smmoDntable  difficaMes  presf  :r.i 
to  weaiy-iadcn  wand^ers,  encomb^ed 
wasrr  bagga^ ;  yet  I  formd  these    _  _  _ ; 

cnjia^iixr-i  ~"h    rT'r:"3iits  c:    T   rrjr  description, 
bot    :'ir  -     oi  tne  pomest  t^ass. 

Here  I  ~ : .  : .  :  i . . :  ~5,  trndsin^ 

it  me::_    .^iiig-;  and  thdi  _  :_-ji]v,  mie  eir- 
hanassed,  and  le^  dieerfbl:  aow       r     1      :^ 
fortw  (M*  fifty  sofdsy  men,  w<nnen,  as . 
and  now  a  sditary  pedestrian,  with  li 
sta^  faishotde,  and  hiskn^isadt:  and,  once  a 
day,  a  stjgeJoad  of  tired  travdkfs,  dragged 


EiMIGRATION.  dll 

heavily  towards  the  west.  Sometimes  I  beheld 
a  gentleman  toiling  along  with  a  broken-down 
vehicle,  and  sometimes  encountered  the  solitary 
horseman  :  here  I  espied  the  wreck  of  a  car- 
riage, or  the  remains  of  a  meal ;  and  there  the 
temporary  shelter  which  had  protected  the  be- 
nighted stranger.  At  one  time,  beside  a  small 
stream  rushing  through  a  narrow  glen,  I  encoun- 
tered a  party  of  about  fourscore  persons,  with 
two  or  three  waggons.  They  had  halted  to 
bait ;  the  beasts  were  grazing  among  the  rocks, 
the  men  cleaving  wood  for  tires,  and  boughs  to 
erect  a  tenement  for  the  hour  ;  the  women 
cooking  or  nursing  their  children,  and  the  rosy 
boys  and  girls  dabbling  in  a  waterfall.  When, 
from  the  summit  of  a  mountain,  or  one  of  its 
precipices,  where  the  road  wound  beneath  my 
feet,  appearing  at  intervals  as  far  as  the  eye 
could  reach,  I  beheld  one  of  these  large  cara- 
vans, composed  of  half-clad  beings,  of  every 
age  and  sex,  slowly  winding  up  the  mountain 
path,  or  reclining  at  mid-day  among  the  rocks, 
I  could  compare  them  only  to  the  gipsy  bands, 
described  by  foreign  novelists. 

At  one  of  the  most  difficult  passes   of  the 


3i'2 


LETTERS    FROM    THit    WEST. 


mountain  I  met  a  cavalcade,  whose  descriptioo 
will   apply    to  a  numerous    class  j    they  were 
from   New  England.     The  senior  of  the  party 
was  a  middle-aged  man,  hale,  well  built,  and 
decently  clad.     He  was  guiding  a  pair  of  small, 
lean,  active  horses,  harnessed  to  a  light  waggon, 
which  contained  the  bedding  and  provisions  of 
the  party,  and  a  few  articles  of  household  furni- 
ture ;  two  well-grown,  barefoot  boys,  in  home- 
spun shirts  and  trowsers,  held  the  tail  of  the 
waggon,  laudably  endeavouring  to  prevent  an 
upsety    by    throwing  their   weight   occasionally 
to  that  side  which   seemed  to  require  ballast, 
while  the  father  exerted  his  arms,  voice,  and 
whip,  in   urging  forward  his  ponies.      In  the 
rear  toiled  the  partner  of  his  pilgrimage,  con- 
ducting, like  John  Rodgers'  wife,  *'  nine  smaU 
children  and  one  at  the  breast,"  and  exhibiting, 
in  her  own  person  and  those  of  her  offspring, 
ample  proof,  that  whatever  might  be  the  cha- 
racter of  the  land  to  which  they  were  hastening, 
that  which  they  had  left  was  not  deficient  in 
health   or   fruitfulness.     Nor  must   I   omit   to 
mention  a  chubby  boy  of  six  years  old,  who  by 
sundry  falls  and  immersions,  had  acquired  the 


E^IIGRATIOy.  313 


hue  of  the  soil  from  head  to  foot,  and  though 
now  trudging  knee-deep  in  the  mire,  was 
craunching  an  apple  with  the  most  entire  com- 
posure. They  had  reached  the  summit  of  the 
mountain  just  as  I  overtook  them,  and  as  they 
halted  to  rest,  I  checked  my  horse  to  observe 
them.  As  they  stretched  their  eyes  forward 
over  the  interminable  prospect,  they  were 
wrapped  in  silent  wonder.  As  far  as  the  vision 
could  extend  there  was  nothing  to  intercept  it ; 
beneath  our  feet  lay  mountains,  and  valUes,  and 
forests,  and  rivers,  all  of  which  must  be  passed 
before  these 

"  Sad  unravellers 
Of  the  mazes  to  the  mountain's  top," 

could  reach  the  land  of  promise,  which  they 
imagined  they  could  now  dimly  discern  in  the 
distant  horizon.  They  looked  back  with  a 
kind  of  shuddering  triumph  at  what  they  had 
accomplished ;  they  looked  forward  with  a 
trembling  hope  at  what  was  to  come.  I  thought 
I  could  see  in  their  faces  regret,  hope,  fear, 
resignation — but  they  spoke  cheerfully,  and  ex- 
pressed no  dissatisfaction  ;   and  after  answering 


314  LETTERS  FR'OM  THE  WEST. 

their  inquiries  as  to  their  route  onward,  I 
left  them.  Tired  souls  !  they  have,  probably, 
long  ere  this,  surmounted  their  fatigues,  and 
found  a  happy  home  in  aland  of  plenty,  where, 
surrounded  with  fat  pigs  and  fat  children,  they 
enjoy  the  only  true  othim  cum  dignitate  ;  while 
I,  delving  among  the  labyrinths  of  the  law,  find 
mazes  more  intricate,  and  steeps  more  arduous, 
than  the  winding  paths  of  the  mountain. 

The  foreigners  whom  I  met  were  in  much 
worse  circumstances  than  our  own  citizens. 
These  arrive  on  our  shores  in  a  destitute  condi- 
tion, and  undertake  the  journey  without  money 
enough  to  accomplish  half  the  distance,  and 
some  without  a  cent  to  pay  their  entrance, 
confiding  in  the  protection  of  Heaven  and  the 
benefactions  of  the  charitable.  This  confidence 
is  not  so  often  deceptive  as  might  be  expected, 
for  an  American  is  never  seen  to  turn  a  house- 
less wanderer  from  his  door,  or  to  refuse  a 
morsel  to  the  hungry.  It  is  surprising  to  see 
to  what  a  dreary  plight  some  of  these  adven- 
turers are  reduced  by  their  poverty  or  improvi- 
dence ;  and  yet  many  of  them  will  trudge  along 
with  light  hearts  and  empty  purses,  apparently 


EMIGRATION.  315 

forgetful  of  the  past  and  regardless  of  the  future. 
At  Pittsburgh,  where  the  emigrants,  generally, 
embark  on  the  Ohio,  they  may  be  seen  in  larger 
numbers  than  at  any  other  place  ;  and  here 
may  be  remarked,  not  only  their  number,  but, 
in  some  degree,  their  various  characters,  and  as 
various  expectations.  Some  arrive  with  furni- 
ture, farming  utensils,  and  servants,  and  push 
forward,  confident  in  their  ability  to  overcome 
every  obstacle ;  some  come  burthened  with 
large  families,  and  but  little  worldly  gear  ;  and 
others,  happy  at  such  a  time  in  their  "  single 
blessedness,"  come  alone,  errant  knights,  leaving 
all  their  cares  behind  them.  Upon  observing 
these  motley  collections,  I  have  been  reminded 
of  the  invitation  in  a  camp-meeting  song  which 
I  have  heard,  and  which  I  think  is  about  as 
follows  : 

"  Come  hungry,  come  thirsty,  come  ragged,  come  bare, 
Come  filthy,  come  lousy,  come  just  as  you  are." 

For,  to  be  brief,  here  you  see  all  sorts  of  folks 
crowding  to  the  west. 

Those  who  are  driven  by  misfortune  from 
tlieir  homes,  go  like  exiles  from  the  land  to 


31 6  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

which   fond    recollection    attaches   a  thousand 

charms,  to  a   wilderness   which  fancy   clothes 

with  a  thousand  terrors.      Every  sympathy  is 

awakened,  and  every  tender  feeling  thrilled  with 

anguish,  when  they  exchange  the  comforts  of 

society,   the   scenes   of  their  youth,   and    the 

friends   of  their  hearts,  for  the  nameless  and 

unknown  difficulties  which  appear  in  the  dark 

perspective.       They    dream    of    interminable 

forests,   and  pestilential  swamps,  and  at  every 

step  fancy  themselves  surrounded  by  noxious 

vermin  and  beasts  of  prey.     Thus,  anticipating 

no  good  and  fearing  every  evil,  they  go  into 

banishment  with  sorrowful  hearts.     But  there 

is  a  more  sanguine  class  of  emigrants,  to  whom 

a  different  picture  is  presented.     They  have 

been  allured  by  interest  or  ambition,  or  led  by 

choice,  to  a  new  country,  and  hojfe  arrays  their 

future  abodes  with  every  charm.  An  El  Dorado 

has  been   described  to   them,    or  they    have 

created  it,  in  which  men  are  to  be  wooed  to 

their  happiness  as  a  maiden  to  the  bridal,  and 

their  only  care  is  to  determine  with  what  grace 

they  will  accept  the  guerdon.     The  old  men 

are  to  be  blessed  with  wealth,  the  young  men 


EMIGRATION.  317 

with  honour,  and  the  girls  with  husbands — and, 
I  suppose,  with  wealth,  and  honour,  and  plea- 
sure into  tlie  bargain ;  and,  to  crown  all,  the 
good  folks  of  the  west  will  feel  so  delighted 
and  so  flattered  by  their  advent,  that  they  will 
crowd  about  them  like  the  friends  of  Job,  and 
every  one  will  give  them  "  an  ear-ring  and  a 
piece  of  gold!" 

All  these  are  deceived,  as  well  the  despond- 
ing as  the  enthusiastic.  The  advantages  of  the 
western  country  consist  in  the  great  fertility  of 
the  soil,  the  profusion  of  all  the  products  of 
nature,  whether  of  the  animal,  vegetable,  or 
mineral  kingdom,  the  cheapness  of  lands,  and 
the  nexmiess  of  the  country,  which  affords  room 
and  opportunity  for  enterprise.  These,  together 
with  its  commercial  advantages,  the  total  ex- 
emption from  all  taxes  and  political  burthens, 
and  the  comparatively  small  portion  of  labour 
requisite  to^'ocure  the  necessaries  of  life,  cer- 
tainly render  this  a  desirable  home.  But  they 
who,  like  Ortogrul  of  Basra,  desire  the  golden 
stream  to  be  quick  and  violent,  will  like  him 
discover  a  dry  and  dusty  channel,  and  will 
learn  that  slow  and  persevering  industry  is  not 


.^318  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

less  necessary  here  than  elsewhere.  Honours 
are  the  reward  of  personal  popularity,  which, 
we  have  been  told,  "  may  be  gained  without 
merit  and  lost  without  a  fault,'*  and  in  this 
respect  the  western  hemisphere  differs  little 
from  the  rest  of  the  world.  Popular  arts  are 
the  same  in  every  country  ;  but  it  is  certain 
that  few  here  are  raised  to  eminent  public 
stations  without  a  long  and  intimate  acquaint- 
ance with  the  people.  In  the  west  there  is  no 
jealousy  or  unfriendliness  to  strangers,  who  are 
generally  received  with  open  arms,  and  treated 
with  kindness  and  respect ;  but  political  honours 
are  more  sparingly  bestowed,  and  are  seldom 
lavished  upon  foreigners,  who,  whatever  may 
be  their  pretensions,  can  hardly  be  supposed  to 
know  or  to  feel  the  interests  of  the  country. 

The  desponding  emigrant,  on  the  other  hand, 
is  agreeably  surprised  at  finding  every  plain, 
substantial  comfort  which  a  reasonable  man  can 
wish  :  and  though  he  discovers  no  attempt  at 
luxury  or  style,  he  sees  hospitality,  plenty,  and 
intelligence.  Instead  of  a  vast  wilderness,  he 
finds  large  settlements,  which,  though  thinly 
scattered,  are   now  sufficiently  dense  to  afford 


EMIGRATION.  319 

the  comforts  and  civilities  of  life,  to  ensure  pro- 
tection and  to  enforce  municipal  regulations. 

Of  all  people  the  English  are  most  pro- 
vokingly  disappointed  ;  the  Irish,  Dutch,  and 
French  amalgamate  easily  with  our  people, 
adopt  our  habits,  and  live  happily  among  us. 
But  not  so  John  Bull:  this  honest  gentleman, 
as  he  is  generally  pleased  to  style  himself,  has 
always  been  famed  for  an  inordinate  share  of 
credulity,  so  that,  notwithstanding  his  prejudices 
against  America,  he  is  easily  persuaded  that 
gold  is  to  be  ploughed  up  in  our  fields  and 
rubies  plucked  from  the  trees.  He  forgets  that 
the  days  of  Columbus  and  Cortes  have  gone 
by,  and  that  Mexico  and  Peru  are  not  within 
our  bojindaries.  With  these  views  he  sets  out 
from  one  of  the  Atlantic  cities,  and  soon  gets 
into  **  lots  of  trouble."  In  the  first  place,  Mr. 
Bull  is  used  to  being  told  that  he  is  obstinate, 
whimsical,  and  fond  of  having  his  own  way, 
and  he  is  determined  not  to  detract  from  the 
national  character ;  he  will,  therefore,  receive 
no  advice  as  to  his  route  or  mode  of  travelhng, 
and  consequently  adopts  the  most  inconvenient 
vehicle,  takes  the  worst  road,  and  stops  at  the 


320  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

most  indifferent  houses.  He  has  resolved  that 
he  must  have  tea  and  rolls  in  the  morning,  and 
tea  and  toast  in  the  evening,  and  roast  beef  for 
dinner,  all  of  which  must  be  prepared  in  a 
particular  manner ;  and  if  he  happen  to  be 
thwarted  in  these  important  matters,  he  as  re- 
solutely determines  not  to  eat  a  mouthful  until 
compelled  by  hunger,  nor  to  pay  his  fare  until 
obliged  by  the  law.  Then  he  weais  a  fantastical, 
fur  jockey-cap,  which  he  is  advised  to  exchange 
for  a  covering  better  suited  to  the  climate  j  but 
he  persists  in  having  his  own  way,  and  although 
his  face  is  scorched  and  blistered  by  the  sun, 
he  adheres  to  the  fur  cap  as  tenaciously  as  if  it 
was  the  magyia  charta.  Nor  is  he  less  attached 
to  his  dandy  surtout  and  other  dandy  habili- 
ments ;  he  cannot  be  convinced  that  what  may 
be  a  suitable  dress  in  ''  Lunnun,"  may  be  very 
unfit  to  travel  in,  and  he  rather  submits  to  be  tor- 
tured and  pinched  until  he  is  sore,  than  to  leave 
off  the  finery  which  is  worn  at  'ome,  and  which 
he  fondly  imagines  will  entitle  him  to  singular 
honour,  by  distinguishing  him  from  the  natives — 
the  odious,  vile  Americans  !  among  whom,  how- 
ever, he  is  pleased  to  live,  if  he  can  be  said  to 


EMIGRATION.  321 

be  pleased,  who  is  always  on  the  fret.  All 
this  is  of  no  consequence  to  any  body  but  him- 
self; but  unluckily,  John  is  not  satisfied  with 
having  his  own  tmy,  but  is  displeased  that  others 
claim  the  same  privilege,  and  perseveringly 
finds  fault  with  every  thing  he  sees,  hears, 
smells,  tastes,  or  touches.  Then  he  has  an  odd 
propensity  for  quizzing  the  natives,  and  many  a 
box  on  the  ear  and  tweak  of  the  nose  this  may 
cost  the  poor  gentleman  on  his  hapless  way  ; 
till  he  finds  out  at  last,  that  it  is  just  as  foolish 
to  meddle  with  the  folks  on  shore,  as  to  be 
fingering  about  their  "  striped  bunting"  at  sea. 
His  opinions  are  as  singular  as  his  manners  ;  he 
is  a  great  politician, 

"  Sits  up  till  midnight  with  his  host, 
Talks  politics,  and  gives  the  toast  :" 

and  being  accustomed  at  home  to  join  church 
and  state,  he  seldom  fails  to  give  religion  a  side- 
blow  in  discussing  his  political  tenets.  If  he 
happen  to  be  a  monarchist,  he  finds  few  asso- 
ciates ;  if  a  radical,  he  disgusts  his  hearers  by 
his  utter  disregard  of  order,  law,  decency,  and 
virtue  :  and,  in  either  case,  he  fails  not  to  ridi- 
cule our  institutions  and  revile  our  government. 

Y 


3^2  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

Arrived  at  the  end  of  the  journey,  he  seeks  an 
English  settlement,   avoids  all  intercourse  with 
"the  natives,"  quarrels  w^th  his  countrymen, 
engages  in  a  law-suit,  spends  his  money,  and 
finding  that  he  cannot  subsist  without  labour, 
curses  the  country,  and  gets  drunk  daily.     In  a 
short  time  he  returns  home,  fully  competent  to 
the  task  of  edifying  the  British  public  in  rela- 
tion to  American  politics,  history,  and  literature. 
He  writes  a  book  full  of  wonders,  and  dangers, 
about   cataracts  in  the    Ohio,   slaves  in  New 
England,  alligators  in  the  Hudson,  and  bare- 
footed belles  in  Philadelphia.  Mr.  Quarterly  Re- 
viewer pronounces  him  a  very  clever  traveller, 
and  John  Bull   at  home  gapes  and  wonders  at 
the  "  hair  breadth  'scapes"  of  John  Bull  abroad. 
In  descending  the  river,  three  different  de- 
scriptions  of  boats  are  at  the    service  of  the 
voyager — the  steam-boat,  the  keel,  and  the  flat 
bottom.   The  steam-boats,  which  are  numerous, 
are  strong,  beautiful,  and  swift,  and  are  pro- 
vided with  excellent  accommodations  ;  but  these 
can  only  run  when  the  water  is  high,  and  this 
mode  of  conveyance  is  in  some  cases  too  ex- 
pensive for  the  circumstances  of  the  emigrant. 


EMIGRATION.  323 

In  either  of  these  events,  the  other  boats  are 
resorted  to.  The  keel  is  a  long,  sharp  vessel, 
drawing  but  little  water ;  when  loaded,  the  hull 
is  nearly  all  immersed,  but  there  is  a  deck  or 
roof,  about  six  feet  high,  covered  on  all  sides 
so  as  to  exclude  the  weather,  and  leaving  only 
a  passage  of  about  a  foot  wide,  which  is  called 
the  running  board,  along  the  gun-wale,  and  a 
small  space  at  the  stem  and  stern.  This  deck, 
or  roof,  affords  an  admirable  lounge  in  pleasant 
weather,  but  at  other  times  the  passenger  is 
limited  to  very  narrow  bounds  below  ;  the  oars, 
which  are  placed  at  the  bow,  are  from  eight  to 
twelve  in  number,  and  are  used  only  in  descend- 
ing the  river.  By  means  of  these  the  boat  is 
propelled  at  the  rate  of  two  or  three  miles  an 
hour  faster  than  the  current,  which  has  an 
average  velocity  of  about  three  miles.  The 
oars  are  plied  during  the  day,  and  at  night 
the  boat  is  suffered  to  float,  with  a  man  at 
the  helm,  and  one  at  the  bow  to  look  out, 
except  in  those  parts  of  the  river  where  the 
navigation  is  difficult,  and  where  they  always 
lay  by  for  daylight.  A  hundred  miles  in  twenty- 

Y  2 


324  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST, 

four  hours  is  accomplished  with  ease.  In  ascend- 
ing the  stream  these  boats  are  propelled  with 
poles,  and  the  passage  is  very  tedious,  seldom 
averaging  more  than  from  ten  to  twenty  miles 
per  day. 

The  flat-bottom  boat  is  a  mere  raft,  with 
sides  and  a  roof  j  but  it  is  more  roomy  and  con- 
venient than  the  keel,  if  well  built  and  tight, 
as  indeed  they  mostly  are.  An  immense  oar 
is  placed  on  the  roof  on  each  side  near  the  bow, 
(which  has  given  these  boats  the  nick-name  of 
"  broad  horns,")  and  another  at  the  stern.  These 
are  used  only  to  direct  the  course  of  the  flat, 
which  is  allowed  to  float  with  the  current,  and 
thus  she  pursues  her  voyage,  like  man  on  his 
earthly  pilgrimage,  to  that  undiscovered  country 
from  whose  bourne  no  traveller  of  her  species 
ever  returns  ;  for,  being  calculated  to  stem  the 
current,  she  is  useless  after  she  has  reached  her 
destination,  except  as  so  much  lumber. 

Well,  and  when  the  emigrant  has  reached 
his  journey's  end,  what  then  ?  Why  then,  my 
dear  Sir,  he  very  often  finds  that  he  had  better 
have  staid  at  home.     Labour,  labour,  labour, 


EMIGRATION.  325 

hard,  heavy,  incessant  labour,  is  the  lot  of  him 
who  proclaims  war  against  the  forest  ;  but  the 
victory  is  certain,  and  the  conqueror's  reward 
is  rich  and  ample. 


326  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 


LETTER  XXI. 


POPULAR    SUPERSTITIONS. 


Every  nation  has  its  peculiar  superstitions, 
which   are   often   so    closely  interwoven    with 
the   feelings  and   prejudices   of  a   whole  peo- 
ple,   as    to  form    a   part   of  the  national   cha- 
racter,  and  to   exert  a  powerful  influence,    as 
well  upon   their    political    and    religious     in- 
stitutions, as  on  their  social  intercourse.      So 
intensely  do    these  feelings  operate  upon  the 
human    mind,    that    to    them    may  be    traced 
bloody  wars  and  mighty  I'evolutions — to  them 
thrones  have  been  indebted  for  support,  and 
churches   for  power — and  they  have  produced 
many  of  those  mournful  tragedies  in  domestic 
life,  which  shock  humanity,  and  fatally  arrest 
the  progress  of  moral  refinement.     The  wheel 


POPULAR  SUPERSTITIONS.  32j 

of  Juggernaut,  and  the  dungeons  of  the  Inqui- 
sition, are  terrific  monuments  of  this  truth  ; 
and  the  page  of  history  unfolds  but  too  many 
instances  in  which  vices  of  state  have  been 
sanctitied,  in  the  popular  estimation,  by  a  blind, 
infatuated  reverence  for  the  sacred  jjcrsons  of  the 
misdoers.  When  we  see  that,  in  all  ages,  and 
throughout  almost  the  whole  of  the  habitable 
globe,  that  thefexo  have  cruelly  oppressed  the 
many — when  we  know  that  a  people  have  but  to 
mil  their  freedom  to  obtain  it,  and  that  their 
happiness,  and  moral  improvement,  depend 
entirely  upon  their  own  desire  of  knowledge, 
and  practice  of  virtue — we  readily  perceive 
how  effectually  ignorance  may  be  deceived  by 
art,  how  chains  may  be  rivetted,  and  darkness 
perpetuated,  by  delusion  and  prejudice. 

But  there  are  superstitions,  of  a  more  inno- 
cent character,  which  are  cherished  with  equal 
tenacity,  while  they  awaken  no  serious  appre- 
hension in  the  breast  of  the  patriot  or  the 
christian.  These  are  such  as  are  confined  to 
local  objects,  or  humble  pursuits,  which  exert 
a  quiet  influence  over  untutored  minds,  and 
operate  chiefly  upon  rustic  manners,   employ- 


328  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

ments,  and  festivities.  To  the  philosopher, 
these  have  afforded  matter  of  curious  investi- 
gation ;  to  the  poet  and  novehst  they  have 
suggested  the  finest  incidents  which  adorn  the 
page  of  fiction.  We  have  seen  how  copiously 
the  author  of  Waverleij  has  drawn  from  this 
source,  and  by  combining  the  traditions  of  his 
country  with  the  inventions  of  his  own  genius, 
has  woven  the  most  splendid  literary  fabrics 
which  have  appeared  to  feast  the  reason  or 
delight  the  fancy  of  any  age.  That  the  elo- 
quence of  the  pulpit  is  seldom,  if  ever,  em- 
ployed upon  this  subject,  is  surprising  :  for 
although  the  lesser  grade  of  superstitions  of 
which  I  now  speak,  can  neither  prostrate  the 
Cross  nor  endanger  government,  they  certainly 
pervert  the  understanding,  and  weaken  the  effi- 
cacy of  religion.  Supernatural  events  can  only 
be  brought  about  by  unearthly  agents.  To  sup- 
pose that  the  Almighty  superintends  the  opera- 
tions of  a  conjuror,  or  the  working  of  a  spell, 
would  be  a  sacrilege  so  gross  as  to  shock  the 
most  careless  mind;  and  to  acknowledge  the 
existence  and  exercise  of  such  powers  in  the 
prince  of  darkness,  would  be  to  encourage  the 


POPULAR  SUPERSTITIONS.  329 

substitution  of  unlawful  appeals  to  the  enemy  of 
mankind,  for  an  humble  reliance  in  the  good- 
ness of  Providence,  and  a  steady  exertion  of 
our  own  faculties.  A  belief  in  the  efficacy  of 
charms,  and  in  the  working  of  miracles  upon 
trivial  occasions,  is  alike  inconsistent  with 
human  reason  and  divine  revelation.  The 
regular  operation  of  causes  and  effects  has 
never  been  interrupted,  except  to  display  the 
power  of  the  Deity,  and  to  advance  the  great, 
ultimate  interests  of  man.  It  should  therefore 
be  the  business  of  the  divine  to  teach  an  ex- 
clusive reliance  upon  Him,  and  to  expose  the 
fallacy  of  any  belief  which  is  not  founded  upon 
reason  or  revelation.  To  believe  the  existence 
of  concurrent  power  elsewhere,  is  to  disbelieve 
the  omnipotence  of  God. 

The  American  people  have  no  national,  and 
but  few  local  superstitions.  The  general  dif- 
fusion of  intelligence,  has  left  no  rank  of  so- 
ciety in  absolute  ignorance  j  and  we  find  few 
individuals  in  that  state  of  intellectual  degrada- 
tion which  pervades  the  lower  orders  through- 
out a  large  portion  of  the  globe.  Almost  all 
have  arrived  at  that  degree  of  refinement,  at 


330  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

least,  which  awakens  the  mmd  to  inquiry,  and 
brings  it  within  the  reach  and  influence  of 
knowledge.  Many  have  the  desire,  and  few 
are  without  the  means,  of  literary  improvement ; 
all  can  read,  while  the  multiplicity  of  news- 
papers, and  the  cheapness  of  books,  give  to 
all  the  opportunity  of  attaining  mental  acquire- 
ments. Nor  has  the  heartless  fastidiousness  of 
pride  erected  in  our  country  those  artificial 
barriers  which  proclaim  eternal  separation  be- 
tween the  rich  and  the  poor,  the  ignorant  and  the 
learned,  and  which  debar  the  individual  of  few 
accomplishments  from  the  conversation  of  him 
who  has  many.  There  are  certain  natural  divi- 
sions, which  will  invariably  take  place  in  every 
society  :  the  laborious  and  the  prudent  will 
avoid  the  dissipated  and  the  extravagant ;  the 
rational,  the  thinking,  and  the  moral  part  of 
the  community,  will  shun  the  contagion  of 
licentiousness  and  vice  ;  the  delicacy  of  refine- 
ment will  not  endure  the  familiarity  of  its 
opposite  ;  and  the  poor  will  never  intrude  upon 
the  pleasures  of  the  rich.  Youth  and  gallantry 
will  crowd  to  the  levee  of  beauty — learning  to 
the  resorts  of  science — and  ambition  to  active 


POPULAR  SUPERSTITIONS.  331 

scenes  of  human  exertion.  Politically,  and 
civilly,  we  are  all  equals,  and  we  are  in  the 
habit  of  asserting  this  truth  upon  all  suitable 
occasions  ;  but  in  the  ordinary  enjoyment  of 
social  intercourse,  every  man  seeks  his  com- 
panions among  those  who  are  his  equals  in  for- 
tune or  in  intellectual  endowment — those  in 
whom  he  can  recognise  a  community  of  taste 
and  feeling.  Circles  are  thus  created,  upon 
much  more  rational  and  less  arbitrary  princi- 
ples than  those  of  hereditary  rank,  and  which 
equally  answer  the  purposes  of  their  institution. 
But  we  erect  no  impassable  barriers ;  to  none 
do  we  say,  "  thus  far  shalt  thou  come,  and  no 
farther."  The  genius  of  the  republican  com- 
pact, the  habits  of  the  people,  the  diffusion  of 
knowledge,  the  rational,  liberal,  and  acute 
modes  of  thinking  which  prevail,  all  forbid 
this.  A  door  is  left  open  to  the  ambition  which 
would  rise,  or  the  humility  that  would  conde- 
scend; through  this  curiosity  may  sometimes 
gaze,  but  politeness  and  decency  seldom  fail 
to  prevent  intrusion.  The  man  would  be  ridi- 
culed who  should  assert  a  superiority  over  his 
fellow  citizens  ;    but  he  is,  tacitly  and  freely, 


330.  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

invested  with  all  the  advantages  of  any  adven- 
titious superiority,  which  he  is  content  to  re- 
ceive with  modesty,  and  enjoy  with  moderation. 
Thus,  although  there  certainly  are  degrees 
and  bounds,  which  define  the  ordinary  inter- 
course of  society,  they  are  such  as  are  estab- 
lished by  inclination,  good  sense,  and  taste, 
and  which,  upon  proper  occasions,  may  be 
overstepped  without  offence.  The  learned  and 
the  ignorant  come  frequently  into  contact :  the 
poor  man  finds  his  way  to  the  tables  of  the  rich, 
while  the  latter  enjoys  the  welcome  repast  in 
the  dwellings  of  the  laborious  sons  of  industry. 
Those  on  either  side  who  choose  to  keep  aloof, 
can  always  do  so  ;  but  that  choice  is  seldom 
made.  This  occasional  intercourse,  between 
persons  so  apparently  different  in  character, 
and  so  widely  separated  by  fortune,  arises  from 
a  liberal  concession  on  both  sides,  and  it  pre- 
vents that  bitterness  of  feeling  which  is  apt  to 
be  engendered  where  distinctions  of  rank  are 
rigidly  observed,  and  where  scorn  on  the  one 
hand,  and  hatred  upon  the  other,  poisons  the 
enjoyments  of  both  parties.  In  all  countries 
there  must  be  occasions  of  promiscuous  assera- 


blage  ;  "  a  cat  may  look  at  a  king,"  a  peasant 
will  sometimes  rub  against  a  lord,  and  at  suck 
a  meeting,  the  gentleman  who  is  in  the  habit 
of  spurning   his  inferiors,   defends   himself  in 
sullen   dignity  from  the  contamination  which 
he  fears,  or  the  malignity  which  he  is  conscious 
of  having  excited  ;  while  the  inferior  recoils  in 
dislike,  or  triumphs  in  his  temporary  equality. 
But  where  no  offence  has  been  given,  there  is 
nothing  to  resent  -,  where  dignity  is  not  thought 
tobe  in  danger,  there  is  no  necessity  of  vigilance; 
and  we  meet,  when  we  must  meet,  with  frank- 
ness.    By  these  collisions,  the  acquirements  of 
a  few"   are    partially   communicated   to  many. 
Correct  estimates   of  human   nature   are  thus 
formed,  by  those  who  see  men  in  so  many  dif- 
ferent   grades.       Prejudice    and    superstition 
are  removed,  as  well  by  the  general  spread  of 
intelligence,  and   the  consequent  invigoration 
of  the  intellect,  as  by  the  intimate  acquaint- 
ance of  all  the  members  of  a  community  with 
each  other.     Where  so  much  of  real  life  is  seen, 
but   little   room  is   left    for  the   operation    of 
fancy  ;    and  if  prejudice  be  a  false  estimate  of 
men  and  things,   it   can   seldom   exist   where 


334f  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

men  are  familiarly  seen,  and  things  freely  can- 
vassed. 

Nor  is  there  any  thing  in  a  new  country  con- 
genial to  the  existence  of  those  fairy  ci'eations 
which  bewilder  the  mind  in  older  communities. 
Superstition  disports  in  the  misty  clouds  of 
antiquity;  she  revels  in  dilapidation,  and  finds 
faithful  chroniclers  in  tottering  old  men  and 
toothless  women.  Castles  and  dungeons  in 
ruin,  are  the  chosen  abodes  of  those  aristocratic 
elves,  who  choose  to  be  the  successors  of  none 
but  lords  and  ladies.  Brownies,  indeed,  haunt 
the  farm-yard,  and  nestle  in  the  attic  chamber 
of  the  cottage ;  but  they  are  sure  to  infest  an 
old-fashioned  edifice,  which  has  whilom  sheltered 
a  miarvellously  learned  schoolmaster  or  an 
obnoxious  reforming  minister.  Fairies,  I  grant, 
may  be  sought  in  any  glen  which  is  picturesque 
and  lonely,  but  they  are  seldom  found  except 
where  melodious  shepherds  tune  their  pipes,  and 
beautiful  shepherdesses  dance  upon  the  green. 
Of  all  the  elfin  race,  these  surely  exhibit 
the  purest  taste  ;  and  if  I  were  fated  to  revisit 
this  earth  in  an  ethereal  form,  I  should  choose, 
in  the  character  of  a  fairy,  to  view  the  sports  of 


POPULAR  SUPERSTITIONS.  335 

innocence,  and  listen  to  the  tales  of  love.      The 
whole   goblin   fraternity   are  Jilii  nullius,    and 
derive  their   character   from   the   obscurity  of 
their  origin  ;  like  the  common  law  they  must 
have  existed    "  time   whereof  the  memory  of 
man    runneth     not    to    the    contrary," — give 
them  a  creator  or  a  birth-day,  and  they  perish. 
The  American  Indians  had  few  superstitions ; 
we  have  no   account   of  aboriginal   ghosts  or 
copper-coloured  brownies.      We  have  acquired 
no  incorporeal  hereditaments  of  this  description 
by  descent  from  our  predecessors  ;   and  I  am 
very  sure  that  none  came  in  with    Penn,    or 
landed  with  the  fathers  at  Boston.      The  latter 
are  said  to  have  imported  a  few  choice  witches ; 
but  these  were  kept  in  order  by  the  salutary 
provisions   of    the  blue-laws,  and  the  increase 
of  them  restrained   by    prudent    enactments. 
From  all  this  I  infer,  that  our  new  world  has 
no     supernatural    inhabitants,     indigenous    or 
exotic — nor  does  our  country  offer  any  induce- 
ments to  the  influx  of  foreigners  of  this  des- 
cription.    We  have  no  castles  mouldering  into 
ruin,  no  enchanted  forests,  nor  deserted  man- 
sions.      Whatever    hospitality  we  might  feel 


336  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

inclined  to  shew  to  the  inhabitants  of  the  other 
world,  is  effectually  repressed  by  the  absence  of 
accommodations  suited  to  the  state  of  ethereal 
beings.  Our  whole  territory  does  not  present  a 
dilapidated  turret,  or  an  unfrequented  gallery — 
not  a  hole  or  corner,  fit  for  a  decent  ghost  to  be 
seen  in — none  that  a  ghost  of  any  spirit  would 
condescend  to  infest.  We  have  no  subter- 
ranean passages,  except  the  saltpetre  caves  in 
Kentucky,  and  a  few  caverns,  similar  to  that  in 
which  General  Putnam  slew  the  she- wolf.  We 
have  heard  of  gnomes, 

"  That  haunt  in  dark  gold  mines ;" 

but  they  must  be  grovelling  spirits  indeed  who 
would  burrow  in  "villainous  saltpetre,*'  or 
consort  with  beasts  of  prey.  No  respectable 
and  truly  aristocratic  ghost  would  put  up  with 
a  log  cabin  ;  our  modern  brick  and  frame 
houses  are  too  airy,  too  ephemeral,  for  the 
sombre  taste  of  such  grave  personages ;  and 
he  would  be  a  dauntless  spirit  who  would  infest 
the  woods  whose  echoes  are  daily  awakened  by 
the  rifle  and  the  axe,  and  whose  shades  are 
trod  by  backwoodsmen,   who  would    as    soon 


POPULAR  SUPERSTITIONS.  387 

scalp  a  ghost,  if  a  ghost  could  be  scalped,   as 
they  would  shoot  a  panther  or  an  Indian. 

I    could    add    forty   other   reasons   for  the 
absence  of  popular  superstitions ;    but    as    an 
eminent  judge  has  declared   from    the  bench, 
that  one  reason,  if  a  good  one,  is  as  good  as  forty, 
I  shall  withhold  the  remainder.      The  poet  may 
deplore  a  state   of  things  so  unfriendly  to  his 
creative  art,  but  those  who  enjoy  the  blessings 
of  a   comfortable  fireside  and  a  warm  bed,  will 
not  join    him  in   regretting     the    absence    of 
goblins,  who  would  intrude  upon  the  choicest 
pleasures  of  life — especially  as  the  expression  of 
such  regret  would  savour  rather  too  much  of 
the  sentimental  grief  of  the  heroine,  Cherubina* 
who  sighed,  and  wept,  and  bewailed  her  hard 
fortune  in  having  been  born  in  honest  wedlock, 
witliout   a    doubt,   a   mysteiy,   or  a  stain  upon 
her  origin,   to   render  her   miserable  and  inte- 
resting. 

But  to  believe  us  entirely  destitute  of  these 
vagaries  of  fancy,  would  be  to  suppose  us  a 
nation  of  philosophers,  coldly  believing  only 
what  reason  as   coldly  teaches.      A   moderate 

z 


338  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

degree  of  credulity  is  necessary  to  our  happiness, 
for  if  we  believe  nothing  but  what  may  be 
demonstrated,  we  must  reject  much  which 
mankind  have  by  common  consent  agreed  to 
receive.  Scepticism  may  be  carried  to  excess, 
as  well  as  credulity;  and  it  requires  more  clear- 
ness of  discrimination  than  is  given  to  most 
men,  to  know  exactly  where  to  draw  the  line. 

You,  my  friend,  without  doubt,  experienced 
in  your  infancy  that  kind  solicitude  to  which  all 
of  us  are  so  deeply  indebted — that  tender  care 
which  dried  your  tears  by  congealing  their 
fountains  with  horror,  which  purchased  your 
obedience  by  ingenious  deceptions,  or  enforced 
it  by  fearful  threatenings.  In  common  with  the 
rest  of  us,  you  have  often  nestled  in  thrilling 
anguish  under  the  bed-clothes  in  the  firm  con- 
viction that  some  demon  hovered  around  in 
waiting  to  seize  your  unlucky  nose  in  his  red- 
hot  pincers,  the  moment  it  should  peep  fro  m  it 
concealment.  When  the  cock  crowed  at  mid- 
night, you  were  assured  that  some  one  who 
heard  it  would  expire  before  dawn,  and  have 
lain  awake  in  fearful  anxiety,  until  the  morning 


POPULAR  SUPERSTITIONS.  339 

note  of  the  vigilant  bird  proclaimed  that  you 
were  not  the  victim.  Your  infant  mind  was 
instructed  in  tlie  unerrins^  omen  of  the  death- 
watch  ;  you  were  advised  of  the  danger  of 
fracturing  looking-glasses,  and  of  the  momen- 
tous consequences  of  being  followed  by  a 
strange  black  cat.  You  probably  would  yet 
raise  your  hand  reluctantly  to  kill  a  cricket,  and 
cannot  avoid  a  feelin^r  of  self  c:ratulation  at  the 
discovery  that  you  have  unwittingly  worn  a 
garment  with  the  wrong  side  out.  These 
obligations  we  sometimes  repay  to  our  instruc- 
tors, by  amusing  the  imbecility  of  old  age  with 
similar  fictions  ;  the  counterfeit  coin  is  imposed 
upon  the  original  fabricator,  and  they  who 
invented  horrors  to  answer  a  momentary  pur- 
pose, die  in  the  full  belief  of  their  own  inven- 
tions. For  my  own  part,  I  look  back  upon  my 
infancy  with  pain ;  the  tales  which  astonished 
and  alarmed  my  imagination  are  still  vividly 
impressed  upon  my  memory  ;  hours  and  nights 
of  fear  and  anguish  are  freshly  remembered 
as  the  events  of  yesterday  ;  and  I  cannot  think 
of  a  chambermaid,  or   a   nurse,   without  some 

z  2 


340  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

gloomy  associations  of  spectres,  raw  heads  and 
bloody  bones.  Such  superstitions  are  current 
all  the  world  over,  and  I  but  mention  them  to 
draw  the  distinction  between  them,  and  such  as 
are  of  local  origin. 

Perhaps,  as  there  is  no  professorship  in  any  of 
our  medical  colleges  for  the  instruction  of  faith 
doctors,  you  may  be  unacquainted  with  this  branch 
of  the  healing  art.  Yet  there  are  those  among 
your  countrymen  who  prefer  faith  to  physic, 
and  would  sooner  risk  their  lives  upon  the 
virtue  of  a  spell,  than  trust  them  to  the  skill  of 
a  Wistar  or  a  Rush.  Your  faith  doctor  is  one 
who  practices  without  diploma,  and  vanquishes 
disease  without  drug  or  lancet;  who  neither 
nauseates  the  palate,  nor  mars  the  fair  propor- 
tions of  his  patient.  Every  thing  is  accom- 
plished by  the  potency  of  a  charm,  which  is 
inoperative  unless  the  patient  has  entire  con- 
fidence in  its  efficacy,  and  thence  arises  the 
appellation  of  faith  doctor.  The  practice  of 
these  gentlemen  and  ladies — for  this  art  is 
confined  to  no  sex — is  as  various  as  their  persons, 
each  one  having  a  particular  set  of  remedies,  in 


POPULAR  SUPERSTITIONS.  341 

the  use  of  which  the  happy  possessor  is  indepen- 
dent of  the  rest  of  the  faculty,  and  which  he  is 
long  enabled  to  preserve  to  his  own  use  and 
behoof,  in  consequence  of  the  secrecy  which  he 
imposes  upon  his  patient.  Females,  proverbial 
as  they  are  for  the  opposite  propensity,  preserve 
with  inviolable  fidelity  the  hidden  mysteries  of 
the  faith  doctor. 

A  seventh  son  is  a  faith  doctor  in  virtue  of 
his  birth.  His  knowledge  being  intuitive,  he 
may  commence  practice  at  the  tenderest  years  : 
nor  can  he  ever  after  acquire  any  additional 
skill  from  the  disclosures  of  others,  as  he 
already  possesses  all  that  others  might  com- 
municate. But  to  give  full  force  and  virtue  to 
this  charm,  it  is  necessary  that  seven  sons 
should  be  born  in  succession  :  should  an  unlucky 
daughter  intervene,  blasted  are  all  the  hopes  of 
the  expecting  family  ;  the  seventh  lad  comes 
into  the  world  with  the  same  dull  perceptions  as 
his  fellow  men. 

Persons  U'ho  have  never  seen  their  fathers^ 
derive  from  that  circumstance  great  medical 
skill ;  and  thus,  what  would  otherwise  be  de- 
plored as  a  misfortune,  becomes  a  benefit,  and  a 


34^  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

posthumous  child  is  compensated  for  the  loss  of 
a  parent  by  the  gain  of  a  lucrative  pofession. 
An  infant  born  in  the  absence  of  his  paternal 
ancestor,  is  certainly  placed  in  a  whimsical 
dilemma.  Two  alternatives  are  presented,  either 
of  which  is  unpleasant  enough  :  a  parent  or  a 
profession  must  be  lost ;  he  has  the  promise  of 
future  eminence  under  conditions  like  those 
of  a  penal  bond,  which  the  return  of  his  father 
is  to  render  "  null  and  void,  otherwise  it  is  to  be 
and  remain  in  full  force  and  virtue." 

The  Indian  doctor  is  also  held  in  high  esti- 
mation. To  sustain  this  character,  it  is  by  no 
means  necessary  to  inherit  the  aboriginal  blood  ; 
though  this  is  certainly  an  advantage,  and  a 
genuine  Indian  is  always  to  be  preferred.  But 
it  is  admitted,  that  any  one  who  has  ever  been  in 
the  Indian  country,  or  who  speaks  an  Indian 
dialect,  or  who  has  ever  seen  or  heard  of  an 
Indian,  may  well,  particularly  if  of  a  swarthy 
complexion,  be  an  Indian  doctor.  The  peculiar 
characteristic  of  this  sect  is  their  knowledge  of 
plants,  "  from  the  cedar  tree  that  is  in  Lebanon, 
even  unto  the  hyssop  that  springeth  out  of  the 
wall  ;*'  and  of  these   their  materia   medica  is 


POPULAR  SUPERSTITIONS.  343 

composed.  I  am  inclined  to  believe,  however, 
that  the  botanical  knowledge  thus  assumed,  is 
not  always  possessed,  and,  if  possessed,  is  super- 
fluous, as  there  is  reason  to  believe,  that  in  the 
hands  of  an  Indian  doctor,  one  plant  is  as  effi- 
cacious as  another. 

Another  class  of  privileged  beings  are  *water 
"ivitches.  These  are  persons  who,  by  the  aid 
of  a  small  forked  hazel  rod,  profess  to  be  able 
to  discover  subterranean  fountains.  The  feats 
of  these  persons  are  somewhat  surprising,  and 
have  caused  a  great  deal  of  speculation. 
Persons  desiring  to  sink  wells  in  situations 
where  it  is  doubtful  whether  water  can  be 
found,  resort  to  the  water-witch,  who  after 
passing  over  the  ground  with  his  rod,  points  out 
the  spot,  and  names  the  depth  at  which  a  vein 
may  be  struck  ;  and,  strange  as  it  may  appear, 
their  predictions  are  often  verified.  I  have 
known  an  instance  in  which  three  of  those 
persons,  strangers  to  each  other,  have  at  different 
times,  and  without  any  privity  or  concert, 
selected  the  same  spot,  and  named  the  identical 
number  of  feet,  at  which  water  was  afterwards 
found  ;   from  which   it  would  seem  that  their 


34>4<  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

operations  were  founded  upon  some  general 
rule.  It  is  probable  that  long  practice  has 
enabled  them  to  ascertain  the  presence  of 
water,  by  the  appearance  of  the  country,  the 
quality  of  the  soil,  and  the  growth  of  the 
vegetation. 

Many  of  the  hunters  in  this  country  believe 
that  their  rifles  can  be  charmed^  so  as  to  prevent 
them  from  killing  game.  There  are  persons 
who  profess  to  impose,  and  to  remove  this 
spell. 

The  moon  is  a  wonderful  worker  of  miracles, 
and  never  was  an  enchanter  worshipped  by  so 
numerous  a  host  of  implicit  believers.  Philo- 
sophers assign  to  her  the  regulation  of  tides, 
and  rustics  endow  her  with  absolute  supremacy 
over  the  land.  No  saint  in  the  calendar  was  ever 
consulted  so  often,  or  with  such  entire  faith, 
as  the  man  in  the  moon ;  his  picture,  if  it  be 
his,  which  displays  itself  as  a  frontispiece  in  all 
our  almanacks,  surrounded  by  the  ram  and  the 
bull,  and  other  mysterious  confederates,  is  more 
frequently  perused  than  the  choicest  produc- 
tion of  the  Italian  schools.  But  it  seems  that 
the  man  is  not  really  in  the  moon,  but  the  moon 


POPULAR  SUPERSTITIONS.  345 

in  the  man,  and  that,  Hke  the  gout,  she  flies  from 
limb  to  Hmb,  and  from  one  part  of  liis  body  to 
another,  observing,  however,  tlie  most  puncti- 
lious regularity  in  her  migrations.  By  these 
changes  all  farming  operations  are  regulated  ; 
seed  is  sown,  fences  are  made,  and  children 
weaned,  when  the  moon  is  propitious  ;  and,  by 
the  same  rule,  I  presume  that  a  maiden  who 
should  be  courted  when  the  sign  was  in  the  heart, 
would  melt  sooner  than  at  any  other  period.  A 
dancing  master,  I  suppose,  makes  his  harvest 
when  the  "chaste  cold"  luminary  is  m  the  heels, 
the  lawyer  when  she  mounts  to  (he  head,  and 
the  merchant  when  she  settles  in  the  neighbour- 
hood of  the  pocket ;  for  my  part,  I  am  convinced 
that  at  this  very  moment  she  is  snugly  nestled 
in  the  brain,  for  mine  will  yield  nothing  but 
mere  moonshine. 


346  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 


LETTER  XXII. 


TALES    OF    TRAVELLERS. 


A  WEARY  way-farer,  who  journeyed  through 
Ohio  a  few  years  ago,  illustrated  his  remarks 
upon  the  badness  of  the  roads,  by  relating  the 
following  curious  fact.  He  was  floundering 
through  the  mire,  as  many  an  honest  gentleman 
flounders  through  life,  getting  along  with  diffi- 
culty, but  still  getting  along  ;  sometimes  wading 
to  the  saddle-girth  in  water,  sometimes  clam- 
bering over  logs,  and  occasionally  plunged  in  a 
quagmire.  While  carefully  picking  his  way  by 
a  spot  more  miry  than  the  rest,  he  espied  a 
man's  hat,  a  very  creditable  beaver,  lying  with 
the  crown  upwards  in  the  mud,  and  as  he  ap- 
proached, was  not  a  little  startled  to  see  it  move. 
This  happened  in  a  dismal  swamp,  where  the 
cypress  waved  its  melancholy  branches  over  the 


TALES  OF  tra\t:llers.  347 

dark  soil,  and  the  frogs  croaked  as  mourDfuUy 
as  they  did  of  old,  under  the  reign  of  King 
Stork,  and  as  incessantly  as  if  an  influenza  had 
invaded  their  borders  j  and  our  traveller's  flesh 
began  to  creep  at  beholding  a  hat  move  with- 
out the  agency  of  a  head.  "  When  the  brains 
are  out  the  head  will  die,"  thought  he,  *'  and 
when  the  head  is  out,  the  hat,  by  the  same  rule, 
should  receive  its  quietus'"  Not  being  very  su- 
perstitious, and  determined  to  penetrate  the 
mystery,  the  solitary  rider  checked  his  nag,  and 
extending  his  long  whip,  fairly  upset  the  hat — 
when,  lo!  beneath  it  appeared  a  man's  head, 
not 

••  The  gbastly  form, 
The  hp  pale,  quivering,  and  the  beamless  eye. 
No  more  with  ardour  bright ;" 

but  a  living,  laughing  head,  by  which  our  in- 
quisitive traveller  heard  himself  saluted  with 
"  Hullo,  stranger !  who  told  you  to  knock  my 
hat  off?"  The  person  thus  addressed  was  so 
utterly  astonished  as  not  to  be  able  for  a  mo- 
ment to  understand  that  the  apparition  was  no 
other  than  a  fellow-creature  up  to  the  neck  in  the 


348  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

mire ;  but  he  no  sooner  came  to  this  conclusion 
than  he  promptly  apologized  for  the  indecorum 
of  which  he  had  been  guilty,  and  tendered  his 
ser\-icesto  the  gentleman  in  the  mud  puddle.  **  I 
willahght,"  said  he,  "  and  endeavour  to  draw  you 
forth.''  "  Oh,  never  mind,'*  said  the  other,  "  I'm 
in  rather  a  had  jix  it  is  true,  but  I  have  an  ex. 
cellent  horse  under  me,  who  has  carried  me 
through  many  a  worse  place  than  this — we  shall 
get  along."  If  this  story  proves  the  badness 
of  the  roads  in  Ohio,  I  think  it  also  demon- 
strates the  goodness  of  the  horses  and  the  per- 
severance of  their  riders.  That  it  is  true,  is 
not  for  me  to  assert,  as  I  get  it  at  second-hand 
— but  I  will  venture  to  asseverate  that  it  is  as 
true  as  one  half  of  all  that  has  been  written  in 
relation  to  this  country ;  and  if  it  be  in  itself 
but  half  true,  I  am  privileged  as  a  traveller  to 
relate  it. 

As  a  companion  to  this  anecdote,  I  might 
relate  that  of  Captain  R.,  who  is  said  to  have 
emerged  from  a  prairie,  through  w^liose  high 
grass  he  had  been  wading,  with  five  hundred 
rattlesnakes,  hanging  by  their  teeth  to  each 
leg!      These  things  may  be  so — I   liave   been 


TALES    OF    TRAVELLERS.  349 

in  the  western  country  six  years,  and  have  not 
seen  six  rattlesnakes ;  and  I  have  travelled  thou- 
sands of  miles  on  horseback,  without  ever  find- 
ing the  mire  so  deep  that  my  horse  could  not 
keep  his  head  above  the  surface ;  but  other 
gentlemen  may  have  met  with  more  adventures. 

There  is  another  snake  stofy,  the  relator  of 
which  was  almost  as  valiant  among  these  rep- 
tiles as  Sampson  among  the  Philistines.  "  I 
killed  a  hundred  of  them,"  said  he,  '*  in  a  few 
minutes,  each  as  large  as  my  leg."  *'  I  do  not 
dispute  it,"  replied  his  friend,  "  but  would  be 
better  satisfied  if  you  would /iz//  a  siiake  or  tico" 
*'  There  were  ninety,  I  am  sure.'*  '*  Say  fifty." 
"No,  I  can't ;  I  am  convinced  there  were  seventi/- 
Jive,  and  I'll  not  bate  another  snake  to  please 
any  man !" 

We  might,  perhaps,  by  adopting  a  sentiment 
which  is  reported  to  have  lately  fallen  from  a 
judicial  bench  in  New  York,  say,  these  are  petty 
Iks,  not  greater  than  are  told  by  all  travellej's  ; 
but  if  such  be  the  case,  I  cannot  but  think  that 
all  travellers  might  fall  a  snake  or  two  with  ad- 
vantage. I  have  some  of  their  writings  now 
before  me,  which  I   wish  to  notice — because, 


350  LETTERS  FROM  THE  W^ST. 

although  travellers  may  be  privileged  to  tell 
marvellous  tales  to  their  friends,  I  know  of  no 
right  which  they  have  to  mislead  the  world  by 
putting  the  creations  of  their  fancy  into  print. 

Dr.  C.  B.  Johnson,  an  Englishman,  has  writ- 
ten a  series  of  letters  to  induce  his  countrymen 
to  emigrate  to  a  ''British  settlement"  in  Penn- 
sylvania ;  and  under  an  air  of  great  apparent 
candour,  endeavours  to  palm  on  the  public  the 
grossest  fallacies.  To  prove  this,  it  is  only  neces- 
sary to  examine  some  of  his  arguments.  In  the 
outset  it  may  be  remarked,  that  a  writer  comes 
before  the  public  in  a  very  '*  questionable 
shape,"  who,  professing  to  furnish  an  account 
of  a  settlement  in  Pennsylvania,  finds  it  ex- 
pedient to  slander  a  country  a  thousand  miles 
off,  which  he  has  never  seen.  Pennsylvania  is 
a  rich,  extensive,  and  powerful  state,  blessed 
with  a  fine  climate,  and  fertile  soil,  abounding 
in  mineral  wealth,  and  presenting  advantages 
to  all  classes  of  people ;  and  the  author,  who 
can  only  eulogize  her  merits  by  comparing  them 
with  those  of  a  young  republic  just  struggling 
into  existence,  pays  her  a  poor  complim.ent, 
and   does  little   credit   to   his  own  ingenuity. 


TALES    OF    TRAVELLERS.  ^51 

Yet  such  is  the  fact.  Not  content  with  prais- 
ing the  spot  selected  for  his  own  settlement,  he 
devotes  about  half  his  volume  to  the  abuse  of 
Illinois,  and  Mr.  Birkbeck — because  the  latter 
had  written  a  book  which  might  induce  English- 
men to  go  to  Illinois  instead  of  Pennsylvania. 
To  such  a  writer  it  might  be  sufficient  to  reply 
in  the  language  of  Sterne,  *'  Go,  poor  insect :  this 
world  is  wide  enough  for  thee  and  me.''  Ame- 
rica has  vacant  land  for  all  the  Britons  whom 
poverty  or  disaffection  may  drive  to  her  shores, 
— let  them  choose  where  they  list — it  matters 
not. 

But  let  us  examine  some  of  Dr.  Johnson's 
inferences.  Mr.  Birkbeck  mentioned  the  case 
of  a  "  member  of  a  religious  community,  who, 
on  being  brought  before  the  spiritual  court,  for 
indulging  a  propensity  to  boxing,  and  hearing 
all  the  arguments  derived  from  texts  of  scrip- 
ture, which  oppose  that  unchristian  practice, 
declared  that  he  would  not  like  to  live  longer 
than  he  had  a  right  to  knock  down  any  man 
who  told  him  he  lied."  Dr.  Johnson  trium- 
phantly quotes  this  passage,  in  support  of  his 
objections  against  Illinois,  and  infers  from  it 


LET     :  mZ    WEST. 

to  quarrel  in  the  minds  of  tke 
watan  peapleJ'  The  western  peepk  J — not  lili- 
1HNS  Toea^j,  hat  Kaitucky,  Ohio,  Indiana, 
Missooii,  Tomessee,  Alsbsffia,  ft  cetera  f  All 
^e  people  of  all  diese  stales  a:  :  roved  to  be 
qoarrelsoine,   hv  the    e::  of  ooe   man  1 

$Dch  is  the  mode  of"  c        erences  which 

has  be^i  practised  byii^t  ^^.c  j^ass  of  Engii^ 
wntDors  upon  America,  £rom  Moore  the  poet, 
dflfvn  to  Mathews  the  player.  How  easy  to 
retort  soch  chafiges !  If  fivMn  the  dedarations 
of  a  ansle  individ^isl.  or  his  coodact,  a  "  prone- 
ness"  to  any  vice,  can  be  inferred  to  exist  in  a 
viide  people,  might  not  ''  a  prmieness^  to  lar- 
ceny, in  the  minds  of  the  pec^e  of  En^and,  be 
in&ned  with  eqoal  tmth,  &om  the  events  of  a 
sii^e  trial  at  the  CHd  Bailey  '  But  I  am  most 
ammed  at  the  idea  of  an  Eogiishman  setting: 
down  oor  "  boxing  propenaties''  in  the  cata- 
logue c£  objjectiotts  to  us  or  any  of  ns.  Hiey 
donotAszT  in  England,  I  suppose ! — or,  perhaps, 
their  ^  boxing  ^x>pensities,^  are  developed  in 
a  more  humane  and  christian  spirit  than  onrs. 
If  I  nnderstand  the  difioence,  it  seems  to  be 
jdns — tbat  in  F^giand  boxing  i?  a  public  diver- 


ass 


to  the  pnctioe.     If 
fd  tiie 
heard  oT  it ;  if 


^rr   t.> 


Dr. 

br  jfr.  S.  IS  sot  ^ 

it  w^kd  Mt  he  aie,  §■  »r  pst  of  the 

Stttes,  to  •PPT  ^e  «"Ee 


ad 


tc 


r-= 


354  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

Having  tortured   Mr.   Birkbeck's   anecdote 
into  evidence  of  "  a  proneness  to  quarrelling,'* 
Dr.   Johnson   attempts  to    give   corroborative 
proof,  in  an  extract  from   Shultz's  travels.     Is 
Dr.  Johnson  so  ignorant  of  the  geography  of 
the  United  States,    as  not  to  know  that  the 
country  alluded  to  by  Mr.  Shultz,  and  that  in 
which  Mr.  Birkbeck  settled,  are  separated  as 
distinctly   from    each   other    as   England   and 
Ireland,  and  that  the  people  described  by  these 
two  writers,   differ  as  essentially  in  their  man- 
ners, feelings,  and  propensities,  as  the  inhabi- 
tants of  those  islands ;  or,  is  this  only  another 
instance   of  the   candid   spirit  of  criticism    to 
which  I  have  adverted  ?     Shultz's  travels  were 
written  in  1809,  and  the  remark  quoted  from 
them,    had   appUcation   to   that  part   of  Lou- 
isiana, which  is  now  Missouri— a  country  then 
recently  purchased    from   France  :    a  country 
settled,  at  that  time,  almost  entirely  by  French, 
and  over  which,  the  mild  laws  of  the  United 
States   were   hardly  yet    in    operation.      Mr. 
Shultz  describes  them  as  a  sad  turbulent  set  in 
1809,  and  Dr.  Johnson  quotes  him  in  1819  :  with- 
out adverting  to  the  fact,  that  the  intervening 


TALES  OF  TRAVELLERS.  355 

ten  years  had  essentially  changed  the  popula- 
tion of  Missouri,  and  that  at  any  rate,  Illinois 
and  Missouri  are  different  countries,  inhabited 
by  different  people,  and  governed  by  distinct 
laws.  When  Mr.  Shultz  wrote,  Illinois  was  a 
wilderness  district,  appendant  to  Indiana,  with 
scarcely  the  shadow  of  civil  organization,  and 
almost  without  white  inhabitants  ;  when  Mr. 
Birkbeck  emigrated,  it  had  an  organised  terri- 
torial government,  and  contained  fifty  thousand 
inhabitants.  I  presume  that  the  reviewer  who 
asserts  that  "  a  dirk  is  the  constant  companion 
of  every  gentleman  in  Illinois,"  could  justify 
himself,  in  a  similar  manner,  under  the  autho- 
rity of  some  traveller  into  Nova  Scotia  or 
Brazil,  and  by  a  reference  to  the  times  when 
gentlemen  were  scarce  in  those  regions,  and 
Indians  and  wild  animals  abundant.  But  let 
that  pass — we  are  a  quarrelsome  people  in  Illi- 
nois, because  the  people  at  the  lead  mines  in 
Missouri,  w^ere  so  ten  years  ago,  and  because 
a  pugnacious  methodist  knocked  down  an  un- 
polite  fellow  who  told  him  he  lied  ! 

Then  we  have  a  caution  to  emigrants  against 
going  to  "the  western  states,  whose  infant  set- 

A   A  ^ 


856  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

tlements  are  always  exposed  to  the  scalping- 
knives  of  the  savages !"  Illinois,  about  which 
Dr.  Johnson  was  writing,  is  about  as  much 
exposed  to  the  Indians'  scalping-knives,  as 
Pennsylvania  or  Great  Britain.  When  Mr. 
Birkbeck  came  to  Illinois,  there  was  not  an  In- 
dian tribe  or  village  within  a  hundred  miles 
of  his  settlement,*  not  a  hostile  Indian  within 
thrice  that  distance.  I  doubt  whether,  to  this 
day,  the  print  of  the  moccasin  has  been  seen  in 
Albion  or  Wanboro',  by  Mr.  Birkbeck  or  those 
who  followed  him. 

The  next  quotation  of  Doctor  Johnson  from 
Mr,  Birkbeck,  which  I  shall  notice,  is  as  fol- 
lows :  *'  children  are  not  baptized,  nor  sub- 
jected to  any  superstitious  rite  ;  parents  name 
them,  and  that  is  all,  and  the  last  act  of  the 
drama  is  as  simple  as  the  first.  There  is  no  con- 
secrated burial  nor  funeral  service  :  the  body  is 
enclosed  in  the  plainest  coffin,  the  family  of 
the  deceased  convey  the  corpse  to  the  woods, 
some  of  the  party  are  provided  with  axes  and 


*  Except,  perhaps,  a  small  tribe  of  peaceable  Delawares  on 
White  River. 


TALES    OF    TKAVELLERS.  357 

some  with  spades,  a  grave  is  formed,  and  the 
body  placed  quietly  in  it;  then  trees  are 
filled  into  the  grave  to  protect  it  from  wild 
beasts.  These  simple  monuments  of  mortality  are 
not  unfrequent  in  the  woods"  Dr.  Johnson 
italicises  the  last  clause  of  this  paragraph,  as  if 
it  were  pregnant  with  some  sinister  meaning ; 
.  the  reviewers  have  caught  at  it  as  a  proof  of 
the  sickliness  of  the  country  ;  but  when  I  find 
the  intelligent  and  liberal  editor  of  the  Village 
Record,  remarking  in  allusion  to  the  existence 
of  these  "  simple  monuments" — "  it  strikes  me 
as  quite  unusual,  and  indicates  a  sickliness  of 
climate  justly  alarming,''  I  cannot  but  ex- 
claim, "  et  tu  Brute  /"  The  frequent  occur- 
rence of  graves  in  the  woods,  proves  nothing ; 
for  if  the  fact  be,  as  Mr.  Birkbeck  has  repre- 
sented in  the  first  part  of  this  paragraph,  that 
all  who  die  are  thus  buried,  it  is  hard  to  dis- 
cover how,  by  any  possibility,  these  simple 
monuments  can  be  otherwise  than  numerous. 
As  all  who  live  must  die,  the  number  of  dead 
in  any  country  which  has  been  settled  several 
years,  must  exceed  that  of  the  living,  and  the 
number  of  graves  can  never  afford  any  proof  of 


358  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

insalubrity  of  climate :  they  show  how  many 
persons  have  once  lived,  but  not  w^hen,  nor  how, 
they  died.  Mr.  Birkbeck's  route  in  the  west 
lay  through  Ohio,  containing  a  population  of 
.500,000  souls,  Indiana,  containing  150,000 
souls,  and  Illinois,  containing  near  50,000  ;  and 
ifthefactbe  admitted,  upon  which  these  gen- 
tlemen build  their  arguments,  that  each  family 
have  a  separate  place  of  sepulture,  the  candid 
reader  may  judge  how  many  insulated  mauso- 
leums would  be  presented  by  such  a  population, 
to  say  nothing  of  the  vast  number  of  emigrants 
and  travellers  w-ho  had  preceded  Mr.  Birkbeck, 
and  who,  like  their  fellow  men,  were  subject  to 
the  casualties  of  mortality. 

In  older  communities  the  burial  of  the  dead 
forms  a  subject  of  civil  regulation.  Places  of 
public  sepulture  are  provided,  or  family  vaults 
are  resorted  to  by  those  who  are  able  to  pro- 
vide them  ;  but  this  is  impossible  in  a  country 
so  thinly  populated  as  a  large  portion  of  that 
alluded  to.  Public  grave-yards  are  not  yet 
established  ;  and  if  I  were  inclined  to  draw  in- 
ferences after  the  fashion  of  Dr.  Johnson,  I 
might  exclaim,  *'  what  a  healthy  country  must 


TALES    OF   TRAVELLERS.  S59 

that  be  where  there  are  no  grave-yards!''  But 
the  case  is  not  accurately  stated,  even  in  this 
instance.  It  is  always  to  be  recollected  that 
"  the  western  country,"  is  an  almost  unli- 
mited region,  embracing  every  grade  of  society 
and  civilization,  from  the  mere  frontier,  where 
the  hunter  erects  his  solitary  cabin  in  the  bosom 
of  extensive  forests,  where  no  axe  is  heard  but 
his  own,  where  he  wages  war  with  the  savage, 
or  mingles  with  him  in  the  chase,  to  the  polished 
circles  of  Lexington,  the  crowded  marts  of 
Cincinnatti  and  Louisville,  or  the  populous  and 
refined  neighbourhoods  which  are  now  nume- 
rous in  almost  every  western  state.  In  the 
extreme  verge  of  society,  the  hunter  who  falls 
in  the  pursuit  of  game,  or  the  traveller  who  is 
assailed  by  disease  in  the  woods,  must  lie  un- 
buried,  or  the  last  act  of  friendship  must  be 
rudely  administered  in  the  manner  indicated 
above.  Such  must  be  the  case  with  the  first 
settlers,  the  restless  pioneers  who  roam  from 
place  to  place,  avoiding  the  contact  of  dense 
population,  and  depending  upon  their  rifles 
for  support,  and  such,  in  general,  must  be 
the  case  with  those  who  are  the  first  permanent 


.360  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

settlers   in    their   respective    neighbourhoods ; 
but  the  barbarous  practice — a  practice  only  re- 
sorted to  in  cases  of  dire  necessity — is  abandoned 
as  soon  as  that  necessity  ceases.     The  farmer, 
when  he  becomes  permanently  settled,  clears 
and  encloses  a  small  spot  on  his  own  premises, 
as  a  depositary  for  the  remains  of  his  family ;  and 
it  is  not  unusual  to  see  these  spots  surrounded 
with  weeping  willows,  or  hedges  of  privet  or 
lilac,  which  give  them  a  decent  air  of  seclusion, 
and    testify  the  respect  of  the  living  for  the 
dead.     When  a  place  is  thus  consecrated,  it  is 
resorted  to   by  all  the  families  connected   by 
relationship   with   the   proprietor,   who    reside 
sufficiently   near,    and    frequently   by   all    the 
neighbours    indiscriminately.     The    next   step 
in  the  progress  of  improvement,  is  the  establish- 
ment of  public  grave-yards,  which  is  usually 
effected  by  religious  communities  :    thus  a  thick 
settlement  has  its  grave-yard.     Where  the  in- 
habitants   are    more    thinly    scattered,    every 
family  has  its  place  of  burial,  and    "  the  last 
act  of  the  drama'*  is  never  so  negligently  per- 
formed as  is  asserted,  except  in   urgent  cases. 
Still,  as  there  are  settlements  in  which  places  of 


TALES    OF    TRAVELLERS.  30 I 

burial  are  as  numerous  as  families,  and  as  the 
traveller  is  sometimes  startled  by  the  sight  of  a 
grave  in  the  wilderness,  far  from  any  human 
habitation,  he  who  does  not  reflect  upon  the 
cause,  may  be  struck  with  the  effect. 

The  former  part  of  the  paragraph  upon  which 
I  have  remarked,  is  equally  incorrect,  and  ex- 
hibits a  remarkable  deviation  from  the  usual 
accuracy  of  Mr.  Birkbeck,  whose  intentions  are 
always  upright,  and  whose  statements  are  gene- 
rally clear  and  faithful.  But  he  has  fallen  into 
the  usual  error  of  those  who  emigrate  from 
highly  civilized  countries,  to  those  which  are 
less  poHshed,  who  find  the  contrast  so  great 
that  they  do  not  reflect  that  it  could  be  greater, 
and  imagine  they  have  reached  the  confines 
of  civilization,  when  in  fact  they  have  barely 
emerged  from  its  brightest  circles.  They  fancy 
themselves  on  the  frontier,  while  yet  in  the 
interior,  and  apply  the  accounts  they  have 
heard  of  backwoodsmen,  to  a  race  of  people 
who  have  but  little  in  common  with  the  ge- 
nuine pioneers.  My  respect  for  the  excellent 
author  of  this  paragraph,  would  prevent  me 
from  contradicting  any  of  his  statements  which 


36^  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

were  not  directly  contrary  to  the  results  of  my 
own  observation  ;  but  the  character  of  the  peo- 
ple among  whom  my  own  lot  has  been  cast, 
requires  the  refutation  of  a  charge  which  is 
anything  but  honourable  to  their  moral  and 
religious  habits— a  refutation  which  I  under- 
take,  not  because  "  I  love  Caesar  less,  but 
Rome  more.** 

In  this  country  then,  and  in  every  part  of  it, 
the  children  of  professing  christians  are  always 
baptized,  and  parents  in  general  endeavour  to 
procure  the  administration  of  this  ordinance  to 
their  children,  except  in  those  sects  who  reject 
the  baptism  of  infants.  It  is  well  known  that 
in  some  societies  baptism  is  administered  only  to 
the  children  of  religious  parents,  in  some  only 
to  adults,  in  others  there  is  less  restriction,  and 
some  reject  the  ordinance  entirely  ;  and  in  the 
west,  as  elsewhere,  many  children  are  deprived 
of  the  benefits  of  this  ceremony,  by  the  negli- 
gence or  irreligion  of  their  parents  :  but  I 
know  of  no  habitual  neglect  of  any  religious 
duty,  which  can  be  described  as  characteristic 
of  the  western  people,  or  of  the  people  of  any 
state.    They  are  pretty  much  like  others  ;  better 


TALES    OF    TRAVELLERS.  363 

than  their  enemies  believe,  and  not  near  so 
good  as  their  friends  could  wish.  There  are 
many  who  dwell  in  secluded  situations,  where 
the  want  of  stated  ministrations  of  the  gospel  is 
felt  as  a  grievous  bereavement ;  but  there  is  no 
wilderness  so  desolate  as  not  to  be  frequently 
visited  by  missionaries  and  itinerant  preachers. 
Camp  meetings  abound  in  every  state,  and 
every  where  draw  countless  multitudes  of  peo- 
ple, some  of  whom  undertake  long  journies  on 
such  occasions.  *'  God  has  not  left  himself 
without  a  witness  in  the  breast  of  every  man." 

"  There  is  no  consecrated  burial  nor  funeral 
service'* — not  because  there  is  no  religion,  but 
because  our  religion  does  not  require  this  cere- 
mony. In  a  few  denominations  only  is  the 
burial  service  practised,  and  those  denomina- 
tions are  the  least  numerous.  There  is  not  a 
congregation  of  Episcopalians  in  Illinois ;  of 
Roman  Catholics  there  are  a  few  churches  ;  but 
the  Presbyterians,  the  Cumberland  Presbyte- 
rians, the  Methodists,  and  the  Baptists,  are 
numerous,  and  the  practice  of  these  christians 
does  not  sanction  what  is  called  a  burial  service. 
The  preaching  of  funeral  sermons  is  more  com- 


364  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

mon  in  the  western  country  than  I  have  ever 
known  it  elsewhere.  The  tribute  of  respect — if 
that  can  be  so  called,  which  is  intended  rather  to 
convey  instruction  to  the  living  than  honour  to 
the  dead — is  in  general  paid  to  tlie  memory  of 
professing  christians  and  their  infant  children, 
and  it  is  often  extended  to  others.  It  is 
so  common  as  to  be  no  longer  a  distinction, 
but  rather  an  ordinary  service.  I  am  aware 
that  this  is  not  the  kind  of  funeral  service 
meant  by  Mr.  Birkbeck,  but  the  whole  para- 
graph, taken  in  any  sense,  is  altogether  erro- 
neous. 

Mr.  Birkbeck  advises  his  friends  to  bring  with 
them  a  few  simple  medicines,  and  Dr.  Johnson 
infers  that  the  country  must  be  dreadfully  un- 
healthy, in  which  physic  constitutes  a  necessary 
article  of  importation.  As  our  author  writes 
M,  D.,  after  his  name,  it  might  not  be  unfair  to 
ask  him  to  point  out  the  country  which  is  ex- 
empt from  disease,  or  in  which  medicine  is  not 
considered  essential  to  the  preservation  of  life. 
A  mad  lover  may  cry,  "  throw  physic  to  the 
dogs,  I'll  none  of  it;"  but  for  a  sane  physician 
to  advocate  such  a  doctrine,  would  be  indeed  a 


TALES   OF    TRAVELLERS.  365 

paradox.     It  is  evident,  from  the  whole  tenor 
of  Mr.  Birkbeck's  writings,  that  he  considered 
himself  as  settled  in  a  perfect  wilderness,  and 
magnified  the  privations  which  he  expected  to 
encounter ;  and  it  is  true,  that  in  his  immediate 
neighbourhood   there   was   no    physician,    nor 
apothecary,  nor  surgeon,  nor  even  a  surgeon- 
barber  ;  and  knowing  that  of  "  all  the  ills  that 
flesh  is  heir  to,"  disease  is  one  of  the  most  in- 
evitable, he  thought  fit  to  provide  against  its 
inroads.     He  had  reared  a  large  family,  he  was 
a  man  of  science   and  observation,  and  to  his 
various  other  attainments,   added  a  respectable 
proficiency   in  the  treatment   of  ordinary  dis- 
eases.    He  needed  no  ghost  from  the  grave  to 
suggest  to  him  the  precariousness  of  health,  to 
tell  him  that  "  in  the  midst  of  life  we  are  in 
death,"  or  to  convince  him  of  the  propriety  of 
being   prepared   to  combat  those   evils   which 
cannot  be  avoided.     He,  therefore,  in  pointing 
out  to  his  friends   the  articles  which  would  be 
found  most  useful,  in  a  country  svhere  the  arts 
had  not  yet  been  planted,  enumerated  medicine, 
for  the  same  reason  that  he  designated  carpen- 
ter's tools,  and  some  other  articles  which  seem 


366  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

equally  misplaced  in  the  outfit  of  a  farmer. 
Would  not  that  man  be  considered  as  guilty  of 
a  criminal  neglect,  who  should  carry  his  family 
into  a  wilderness  where  there  was  no  physician, 
nor  even  a  Lady  Bountiful,  without  carrying 
with  him  such  drugs  as  would  be  necessary  to 
repel  those  ordinary  diseases  which  assail  the 
human  frame  in  every  climate  ? 

Every  ship  which  is  fitted  out  for  a  long 
voyage  is  provided  with  a  medicine  chest,  and 
it  would  be  just  as  fair  to  infer  from  this 
practice  the  unhealthiness  of  sea  air,  as  to  sup- 
pose that  IlHnois  is  sickly,  because  emigrants 
are  advised  to  adopt  the  same  precaution.  The 
reason  in  both  instances  is  the  same ;  in  both 
cases  men  carry  with  them  that  which  may  be 
necessary  to  preserve  Ufe,  and  which  they  must 
otherwise  be  without. 

A  Mr.  Lorain,  though  not  a  traveller,  has 
written  a  book  upon  the  same  subject,  and 
pretty  much  in  the  same  strain  as  that  of 
Doctor  Johnson — they  use  the  same  ideas  and 
arguments,  and  the  difference  between  them  is, 
that  Johnson  is  the  best  writer,  while  Lorain  is 
the  best  informed.     The  object  of  both  is  to 


TALES    OF   TRAVELLERS.  36? 

compare    Illinois    with    Pennsylvania,    and   to 
refute  Birkbeck.     Strange !    that    men    should 
take  such  pains  to  compare  countries  so  diffe- 
rent in  character,  and  so  distinct  in  their  in- 
terests— countries    between  which   there  is  no 
rivalship,  no    contact,  and  no   collision  !     But 
it    seems    that  a    few   straj  Englishmen,    who 
cannot  be  contented    at   home,  and  who  pro- 
bably would  not  be  satisfied   anywhere,    may 
be  allured  to  Illinois  by  Mr.  Birkbeck's  letters, 
leaving  behind  them   the   healthful  mountains, 
and  fertile  vallies  of  Pennsylvania.     If  that  be 
all,  the  controversy  is  needless — from  this  class 
of  population  Illinois   has  derived  no   benefit, 
and  if  the  whole  of  it  should  be  diverted   to 
other  channels,   she  would   have  no  reason  to 
complain.     Of  those  already  here,  the  few  who 
have  been  honest  and  industrious  have  pros- 
pered ;  but  they  bear  so  small  a  proportion  to 
the  whole,  as  to  leave   us  but  little  cause  to 
desire    further    importations    from    the    same 
country. 

Mr.  Lorain,  it  would  seem,  has  not  visited 
Illinois,  and  does  not  pretend  to  speak  from 
personal   observation,  but  quotes  largely   from 


368  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

Volney,  and  often  directs  the  reader  to  "  see  my 
book  on  Agriculture.''  What  may  be  the  value 
of  the  last  authority  I  cannot  say,  but  that  of 
Volney  is  less  questionable.  The  author  who 
asserts  that  in  the  Atlantic  states,  "  the  intense 
heats  of  the  day  are  usually  succeeded  by  a 
night  of  piercing  cold" — that  "  there  are  few 
evenings  in  the  year  on  which  fire  would  not 
prove  agreeable'* — that  in  Philadelphia,  "  frosts 
occur,  more  or  less,  every  month  except  July'' — 
and  at  Albany  "  every  month  of  the  twelve," 
can  be  entitled  to  but  Httle  credit,  when  testify- 
ing as  to  the  climate  of  America. 

From  a  long  chapter,  in  which  Mr.  Lorain 
attempts  to  prove  the  unhealthiness  of  Illinois, 
the  following  passages  are  selected.  "  A  coun- 
try being  *  new '  or  unsettled,  does  not  make 
it  sickly,  unless  the  causes  that  produce  diseases 
prevail  in  it.''  This  is  a  truism  :  for  unless  the 
causes  that  produce  disease  exist,  no  country, 
new  or  old,  can  be  unhealthy;  but  the  author's 
meaning  may  be  gathered  from  the  context. 
His  idea  seems  to  be,  that  a  country  is  not 
rendered  unhealthy  by  its  being  new  or  unset- 
tled, but  by  some  radical  and  permanent  cause 


TALES  OF  TRAVELLERS.  3G9 

which  is  independent  of  its  new  and  unsettled 
state.  Mr.  Miner  is  more  explicit  on  this  sub- 
ject: he  says,  "New  countries  are  generally 
healthy  ;  when  they  are  not  so,  when  diseases 
make  their  appearance  with  the  first  settlers, 
the  climate  must  be  radically  bad.'*  This 
doctrine  is  contrary  to  all  philosophy,  and  all 
experience  in  relation  to  this  subject.  The 
miasma  which  creates  our  autumnal  fevers,  is 
supposed  to  be  produced  by  the  decomposition 
of  vast  quantities  of  vegetable  matter,  the  undis- 
turbed accumulation  of  ages,  which  lie  buried 
in  the  forests,  and  in  the  channels  of  water- 
courses. Mr.  Lorain  admits  this  to  be  the 
theory  ;  and  if  it  be  so,  it  follows  that  every  acre 
which  is  cleared,  lessens  the  quantity  of  that 
matter,  the  putrefaction  of  which  is  alleged  to 
be  the  primary  cause  of  disease,  because  the 
deposition  of  such  matter  does  not  take  place 
upon  cleared  land,  and  its  accumulation  ceases 
upon  the  portion  cleared.  Upon  the  first 
clearing  and  tilling  of  the  land,  there  will  be 
a  more  rapid  decomposition  ;  and  a  greater 
quantity  of  that  gaseous  effluvia,  which  is  sup- 
posed to  be  pernicious  to  the  human  system, 

13    B 


370  LETTERS  FROai  THE  WEST. 

will  be  created  by  the  operation  of  tillage,  and 
the  uninterrupted  action  of  the  sun   and   air, 
and  by  these  means  the  cause  of  disease  is  daily 
decreased.       Every    furrow   ploughed  by  the 
farmer,  every  beam  shot  from  the   sun,  every 
breeze  and  every  shower,  accelerates  the  pro- 
cess of  fermentation,  and  contributes  to  neu- 
tralize, and  evaporate,  and  at  last  to  destroy  the 
noxious  qualities  of  that  deposit  so  fertilizing  to 
the  earth,    and   so   poisonous   to  man.     But  a 
new  country  has  other  causes  of  unheal thiness, 
such  as  are  attendant  upon  a  Jir^st  settlement  of 
the  soil,  or  were  pre-existent,  and  which  time 
will  remove :    of  these  I   shall  treat  more  at 
large  in  a  separate  letter. 

"People  born  and  brought  up  in  healthy 
countries,"  says  Mr.  Lorain,  "  commonly  much 
better  withstand  repeated  attacks  of  diseases, 
and  live  longer  in  sickly  cUmates,  than  the 
natives."  This,  with  the  accompanying  re- 
marks, in  which  the  author  endeavours  to  refute 
the  idea  that  people  may  become  seasoned  to 
the  sickly  cUmate,  as  he  pronounces  it,  of  the 
west,  is  founded  in  a  plausible,  but  erroneous 
theory.     The  idea  is,  that  the  vigorous  consti- 


TALES  OF  TRAVELLERS.  tijl 

tution  formed  in  a  healtliy  atmosphere,  will 
resist  the  attacks  of  disease  longer,  and  more 
forcibly,  than  the  debilitated  frame  reared  in 
a  sickly  climate.  The  premises  may  be  granted 
that  a  strong  man  may  possess  a  greater  tenacity 
of  life  than  a  weak  one,  that  the  one  may  be  able 
to  resist  the  same  force  of  disease  which  would 
subdue  the  other,  and  still  we  do  not  arrive  at 
the  conclusion  assumed  by  the  author  ;  for  the 
doctrine  of  those  who  contend  that  the  human 
system  becomes  acclimated  to  a  foreign,  or  even 
a  deleterious  atmosphere,  is  founded  upon  the 
theory  that  diseases  originating  in  the  climate 
do  not  attack  the  native,  or  the  person  long  resi- 
dent, with  the  same  force  which  they  exert  upon 
a  stranger.  It  is  a  wise  law  of  that  Providence 
which  ordained  diversities  of  climate,  which 
created  man  with  the  power  of  loco-motion,  and 
adapted  him  to  various  spheres  of  action  and 
modes  of  existence,  that  the  human  system  shall 
conform  itself  to  the  circumstances  under  which 
it  is  placed.  The  infant  born  under  the 
equator,  receives  a  different  constitution  from 
that  of  the  inhabitant  of  the  frigid  zone  ;  inha- 
bitants of  different  countries,  in  the  same  quarter 

B  b2 


372  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

of  the  globe,  differ  in  their  corporeal  powers 
and  physical  habits  ;  and  it  is  well  known  that 
while  sudden  transitions  from  one  climate  to 
another,  or  violent  changes  of  employment  or 
mode  of  life,  produce  fatal  consequences,  men 
not  only  become  naturalized  to  foreign  climates, 
but  acquire  habits  foreign  from  their  nature  by 
the  gradual  force  of  long  continued  custom. 
A  backwoodsman  will  live  for  a  month  in  the 
forest,  without  seeing  a  human  habitation  or  a 
human  face,  sleeping  every  night  upon  the 
ground,  with  no  shelter  but  the  canopy  of 
Heaven,  no  protection  from  cold,  but  his  camp- 
fire,  no  bed  but  the  leaves,  subsisting  upon 
game,  sometimes  eaten  raw,  and  sometimes 
half-roasted,  without  bread  or  salt,  drinking 
often  the  unwholesome  water  of  rivers,  saturated, 
as  has  been  described,  with  the  juices  of  putrid 
vegetables,  and  often  enduring  thirst  as  long  as 
the  camel  in  the  desert.  It  is  hardly  necessary  to 
inquire  whether  the  husbandman,  accustomed 
to  a  regular  life,  wholesome  food  and  comfort- 
able shelter,  could  sustain  life  long  under  such 
circumstances  ?  The  hunter  would  imbibe 
nourishment  from  the  diet  which  would  disgust 


TALES  OF  TRAVELLERS.  373 

his  more  civilized  fellow  creature  :  the  one 
would  enjoy  refreshing  sleep,  while  the  other 
would  inhale  disease  with  every  feverish  aspi- 
ration ;  like  insects  of  different  tribes,  the  same 
food  which  would  afford  honey  to  the  one, 
would  yield  only  poison  to  the  other. 

I  must  now  revert  for  a  moment  to  Dr.  John- 
son, for  the  purpose  of  shewing  another  speci- 
men of  his  style  of  argument.  "  The  versatility 
of  disposition,  and  facility  with  which  an  Ame- 
rican passes  from  one  thing  to  another,  has 
been  remarked  by  every  one  who  has  visited 
their  country.  This  versatility  is  very  con- 
spicuous in  their  naval  officers.  Captain 
M*Donough,  who  took  the  British  fleet  on 
Lake  Champlain,  was  a  merchant  ;  Captain 
Laurence,  who,  in  the  sloop  Hornet,  sunk  the 
Peacock,  was  a  lawyer  ;  Captain  Jones,  who 
in  the  Wasp,  took  the  Frolic,  was  a  doctor ;  and 
probably  most  of  the  others  commenced  with 
some  business  or  profession  equally  discordant 
with  their  present  pursuit."  I  do  not  mean  to 
deny  *'  the  versatility  of  disposition,"  which 
is  here  very  justly  attributed  to  my  country- 
men, and  which  I  have   elsewhere   remarked 


374  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

upon,  as  the  national  characteristic ;  but  I  do 
intend  to  shew  the  falsity  of  the  proofs  by 
which  this  writer  attempts  to  support  his  posi- 
tions, and  his  utter  ignorance  of  American 
affairs.  Few  of  our  institutions  have  been  so  per- 
manent as  the  navy  :  in  none  has  there  been  so 
few  departures  from  long  established  usage. 
Its  improvement,  though  great,  has  been 
gradual ;  and  its  excellence  has  been  achieved, 
rather  by  bringing  existing  principles  to  their 
highest  perfection,  than  by  any  novel  disco- 
veries, or  bold  innovations.  That  many  valuable 
improvements  have  been  introduced,  is  true, 
but  they  have  been  built  upon  immutable  bases ; 
the  primary  maxims  of  navigation  and  naval 
tactics,  the  rules  of  discipline  and  etiquette, 
have  been  tenaciously  adhered  to. 

Among  these,  no  principle  has  been  held  more 
inviolably  sacred,  than  that  which  obliges  every 
officer  to  endure  a  long  probation,  and  to  ex- 
hibit proofs  of  merit,  previous  to  his  rising  into 
command.  To  get  into  the  line  of  promotion, 
an  officer  can  only  enter  the  navy^with  the  rank 
of  midshipman,  and  he  can  only  rise  by  regu- 
lar gradation.     No  man  has  ever  risen  to  the 


TALES  OF  TRAVELLERS.  375 

rank  of  post-captain  in  our  navy  since  its  first 
establishment,  who  has  not  earned  that  distinc- 
tion by  long  and  faithful  service,  in  all  the 
inferior  grades,  with  the  exception  of  one 
individual,  whose  extraordinary  merit  was  re- 
warded by  an  advance  of  two  grades  ;  but  this 
innovation  was  resented  with  so  much  spirit  by 
the  naval  officers,  that  the  experiment  has  not 
been  repeated.  It  is  therefore  not  true  that 
a  sudden  transition  from  a  civil  pursuit  to  a 
naval  command,  has  ever  taken  place  in  our 
navy,  as  would  be  inferred  from  the  remark 
quoted,  and  as  Jiiust  necessarily  be  inferred,  in 
order  to  give  the  examples  cited  any  weight 
as  proofs  of  the  general  position  assumed. 
"At  the  age  of  twelve  years,"  Captain  Law- 
rence is  said  *'  to  have  first  discovered  a  pas- 
sion for  the  sea."  (See  his  life  in  the  '^  Port- 
folio," for  January,  I8I7.)  "  But  his  father, 
attached  to  a  profession  in  which  he  had  been 
considerably  distinguished,"  was  solicitous  that 
he  shoulfl  be  educated  for  the  bar,  and  to  this 
solicitude  young  Lawrence  yielded.  At  the 
early  age  of  thirteen,  he  commenced  the  study 
of  the  law,  which  he  pursued  for  four  years. 


3^6  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

In  the  year  1798,  at  the  age  of  seventeen,  he 
received  a  midshipman's  warrant  in  the  navy, 
and  in  the  year  1813  he  became  a  post  captain, 
after  a  service  of  fifteen  years  in  the  preceding 
grades.  That  he  understood  the  cannon  law, 
is  evident :  and  he  thundered  in  the  ears  of 
John  Bull,  from  the  Hornet's  deck,  arguments 
which  bore  no  relish  of  the  sophistry  of  courts ; 
— but  I  think  his  history  will  sustain  my  de- 
murrey^  to  the  assertion  of  Dr.  Johnson.  The 
fact  with  regard  to  both  the  other  individuals 
named,  is  similarly  circumstanced ;  both  were 
destined  in  early  life  to  other  pursuits,  but  both 
entered  the  navy  with  the  rank  of  midshipmen, 
and  arrived  at  the  high  station  which  they  so 
nobly  filled,  by  long  and  arduous  service. 

The  example  of  General  Jackson,  which  our 
author  has  stumbled  on,  is  sufficiently  in  point. 
This  individual  has  been  a  lawyer,  a  judge,  a 
legislator,  and  a  general :  and  in  every  occupa- 
tion to  which  his  versatile  genius  has  been  di- 
rected, his  exertions  have  been  crowned  with 
success.  But  when  the  doctor  inquires,  "  what 
would  be  thought  of  one  of  our  judges  throw- 
ing off  his  robes  and  wig  and  offering  to  head 


TALES  OF  TRAVELLERS.  377 

an  army  ?"  the  comparison  is  idle ;  there  is 
no  point  of  similarity.  Jackson  was  a  soldier 
in  his  boyhood,  a  keen  sportsman  in  his  riper 
years,  and  through  his  whole  life  famihar  with 
danger,  and  practised  in  manly  exercises.  It 
was  this  unison  of  mental  activity  and  bodily 
hardihood,  which  produced  great  men  in  Greece 
and  Rome :  and  the  same  cause  may  be  cited, 
as  a  reason  why  our  army  and  navy  are  not 
officered  with  fool-hardy  numsculls,  and  our 
councils  swayed  by  enervated,  decrepid  pa- 
triots. 

I  shall  close  this  long  letter,  by  examining 
the  testimony  of  a  witness  who  is  relied  upon 
as  good  authority  by  Johnson,  Cobbett,  and 
others,  in  their  strictures  upon  Illinois.  This 
is  a  man  named  Hulme,  whose  "  cacology'* 
would  have  been  as  grating  to  the  ears  of  Dr. 
Pangloss,  as  his  moral  and  political  principles 
are  to  the  feelings  of  every  well  regulated  mind. 
He  travels  over  the  mountains  in  a  stage  drawn 
by  old  English  horses,  and  embarks  at  Pitts- 
burgh in  a  boat  called  an  ai^k.  His  passage 
down  the  river  produces  not  a  few  eloquent 
bursts   of    indignation    against    the   borough- 


v378  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

mongers,  the  relevancy  of  which  is  not  easily- 
seen  ;  but  his  most  profound  reflections  are 
elicited  by  a  visit  to  Harmony.  He  says,  "  I 
observed  that  these  people  are  very  fond  of 
flowers,  by  the  by;  the  cultivation  of  them,  and 
music,  are  their  chief  amusements ;  (these  to 
me  are  a  sign  of  brute  ignorance ;  at  least  a 
badge  of  slavery,  they  had  better  have  left  be- 
hind.*') I  shall  not  stop  to  quarrel  with  the 
writer's  English — I  care  not  whether  he  writes 
these  are  a  sign,  or  these  is  signs  ;  but  respect- 
fully recommend  him  to  the  editor  of  the  Quar- 
terly, who  is  a  capital  hand  at  such  matters. 
But  the  logic  is  what  I  look  at :  the  connec- 
tion between  "brute  ignorance  and  slavery," 
on  the  one  hand,  and  flowers  and  music  on  the 
other,  is,  I  confess,  not  easily  discovered.  I  had 
thought  that  th  cultivation  of  flowers,  was  an 
elegant  employment,  the  innocent  amusement 
of  the  gentle  and  tasteful,  a  delicate  refinement 
upon  the  coarseness  of  rural  pursuits.  As  to 
music,  I  can  say  but  Kttle,  for  I  neither  fiddle 
nor  sing,  and  can  scarcely  distinguish  '*  God 
save  the  King,"  from  "  Hail  Columbia,''  though 
I  have  often  felt  the  sweetness,  and  acknow- 


TALES  OF  TRAVELLERS.  379 

ledged  the  power  of  a  **  dulcet  voice."  But 
if  it  be  a  badge  of  ''slavery  and  brute  igno- 
rance," what  must  be  the  debased  condition  of 
that  people,  among  whom  Madame  Catalani 
received,  in  the  space  of  eight  years  and  a  half, 
more  than  ninety  thousand  guineas  for  benefit 
concerts,  independent  of  her  receipts  for  other 
exhibitions !  How  dark  the  state  of  a  whole 
quarter  of  the  globe,  if  it  be  true,  as  has  been 
asserted,  that  Signor  Rossini,  *'  did  more  to 
agitate,  than  all  the  allied  powers  to  tranquil- 
lize, all  Europe  !"  I  confess  that  I  could  not 
but  smile  myself  when  I  read  of  whole  nations 
being  agitated  by  the  quavering  of  a  fiddle- 
stick ;  but  if  Mr.  Hulme  has  got  the  right  end 
of  the  story,  there  is  more  cause  for  weeping 
than  for  laughter :  Congress  should  look  to  it, 
and  in  the  next  tariff  provide  against  any 
future  importation  of  florists  or  fiddlers.  One 
thing  is  certain,  that  music  which  has  power 
*'  to  soothe  the  savage  breast,"  had  no  effect 
upon  our  traveller,  whose  breast  was  too  civi- 
lized to  have  any  emotions^  in  common  with  a 
barbarian. 

At  New  Albany,  he  was  "  amused  by  hear- 


380  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

ing  a  Quaker  lady  preach  to  the  natives,"  who 
"closed  with  dealing  out  large  portions  of 
brimstone  to  the  drunkard,  and  larger  and 
hotter  to  those  who  give  the  bottle  to  drink." 
"  This  part  of  her  discourse,"  he  adds,  in  his 
usual  strain  of  libertinism,  *•  pleased  me  very 
much,  and  may  be  a  saving  to  me  into  the  bar- 
gain ;  for  the  dread  of  everlasting  roasting, 
added  to  my  love  of  economy,  will,  I  think, 
prevent  me  from  ever  making  my  friends 
tipsy  I"  It  is  not  without  great  hesitation,  that 
I  consent  to  soil  my  pages  with  the  repetition  of 
such  obscene  ribaldry,  such  desperate  blas- 
phemy ;  but  the  hope  of  contributing  to  hold 
up  the  revilers  of  my  country  to  the  contempt 
and  scorn  of  the  virtuous  of  every  land,  induces 
me  to  repeat  that  which  I  cannot  read  without 

disgust. 

Between  Princetown,  and  Mr.  Birkbeck's,  in 
lUinois,  Mr.  Hulme  says,  "  we  had  to  cross  a 
swamp  of  half  a  mile  wide.  We  were  obhged 
to  lead  our  horses,  and  walk  up  to  our  knees 
in  mud  and  water."  If  this  be  true,  I  suspect 
that  Mr.  Hulme  is  the  first  sane  man  who  was 
ever  known  to  be  so  fond  of  grovelling  in  the 


TALES  OF  TRAVELLERS.  381 

mire,  as  to  dismount  from  his  horse  at  a  time 
when  the  services  of  that  animal  were  most 
requisite.  If  he  had  walked  upon  the  hard 
ground,  and  kept  his  feet  dry  by  riding  through 
the  swamp,  his  sanity  would  be  less  question- 
able ;  but  his  conduct,  as  he  exhibits  it,  smacks 
too  much  of  the  character  of  that  of  the  man 
in  the  fable,  who  carried  his  ass,  because  peo- 
ple censured  him  for  making  the  poor  ass  carry 
him ;  perhaps  our  traveller  might  have  received 
a  similar  admonition.  *'  Before  we  got  halfway 
across,''  he  continues,  "  we  began  to  think  of 
going  back  ;  but  there  is  a  sound  bottom  under 
it  all,  and  we  waded  through  as  well  as  we 
could." 

The  gentleman  under  the  hat,  whose  sad 
predicament  I  unfolded  at  the  commence- 
ment of  this  letter,  found  a  sound  bottom 
too,  but  had  to  go  much  deeper  for  it  than 
Mr.  Hulme  ;  and  if  the  latter  had  heard  this 
story  previous  to  his  adventuring  into  Illinois, 
he  would  have  known  the  advantage  of  having 
a  good  horse  under  him,  and  could  never  have 
been  induced  to  quit  his  saddle  under  such 
circumstances.  I  incline,  however,  to  the 
opinion  that  Mr.  Hulme  (if  this  be  not  a  nom 


38*2  LETTERS    FROM    THE    WEST. 

de  guerre  adopted  by  some  anonymous  scrib- 
bler) never  was  in  Illinois — certainly,  that  he 
never  was  in  such  a  Jix,  as  a  woodsman  would 
say,  as  he  describes,  or  he  would  have  known 
the  advantage  of  being  well  mounted  on  such 
an  occasion,  and  would  never  have  made  this 
display  of  his  ignorance. 

On  his  travels  he,  somehow  or  other,  gets 
into  a  dancing  party,  and  is  highly  pleased,  as 
every  one  who  has  a  spark  of  human  nature  in 
his  bosom  must  be,  with  the  grace,  agility,  and 
sweetness  of  our  American  girls.  Even  the 
barbarous  accompaniment  of  music  is  forgot- 
ten, in  the  glee  excited  by  the  festivities  of  the 
young  people  ;  but  suddenly  he  finds  out  that 
the  ladies  are  clad  in  British  manufactures: 
and  thereupon  flies  into  a  tremendous  passion, 
at  seeing  "  the  dollars  thus  danced  out  of  the 
country  into  the  hands  of  the  borough-mongers, 
to  the  tune  of  national  airs  !"  That  which  to 
a  genuine  Englishman  would  have  afforded  a 
theme  of  proud  exultation,  excites  only  indig- 
nation in  the  apostate  bosom  of  this  degenerate 
Briton.  He  no  sooner  recovers  his  spirits, 
after  this  alarming  discovery,  tlian  his  nervous 
system  is  again  agitated,   by  an  insult  which 


TALES  OF  TRAVELLERS.  383 

completely  sets   forbearance  at  defiance.     He 
meets  with  a  person  from   Philadelphia,  who 
tells   him    *' a  story  about  a  Mr.  Hulme,    an 
Englishman,  who  had  brought  a  large  family 
and   considerable  property  to  America.      His 
property,  the  said  Mr.  Hulme  had  got  from  the 
British  government,  for  the  invention  of  some 
machine,  and  that  now  having  got  rich  under 
their  patronage,  he  was  going  about  this  coun- 
try doing  the  said  government  all  the  mischief 
he  could."     This  charge  he  repels  with  suita- 
ble indignation  ;  and  completely  exhausted  with 
the  rage  excited  by  so  dreadful  an  accusation 
as   that  of  having  rendered  a  service  to   his 
country,  for  which  that  country  had  rewarded 
him,  and  of  extending  his  disobedient  foot  to 
trip  John  Bull's  heels  from  under  him,  he  winds 
up  with  a  heroic  resolution  "  to  turn  Quaker, 
or  if  the  Quakers  will  not  receive  him" — a  qua- 
lification which  he  did  well  to  put  in,  for  I 
can  assure  him  the  Quakers  will  not  receive  any 
man,  who  has  so  little  wit  as  to  lead  his  horse 
through  a  swamp — "  to  establish  a  new  society, 
which  shall  have  a  chairman  in  place  of  a  par- 
son, and  the  assemblage  shall  discuss  the  sub- 


S84>  LETTERS  FROM  THE  WEST. 

ject  of  the  meeting  themselves."  He  concludes 
with  a  fling  at  the  *'  Cossack  priests,  the  Bour- 
bons, and  the  pope,  and  exits  in  a  rage  !"  A 
whole  volume  of  such  rigmarole,  is  incorporated 
in  ewtenso, '  by  Cobbett,  in  his  '*  One  Year's 
Residence  in  America,"  and  referred  to,  as 
"  confirmation  strong,"  of  the  opinions  of  that 
writer  in  relation  to  Illinois. 

Almost  all  the  English  travellers  have  been 
sadly  annoyed  by  the  filthiness  of  our  inns,  and 
the  "  myriads  of  bed  bugs  "  which  disturb  their 
dreams.  This  reminds  me  of  the  quarrels  of 
our  negroes,  who  seldom  fail  to  stigmatize  each 
other  as  "  black  rascals,"  and  is  a  proof  of  the 
propensity  which  men  have  to  denounce  in 
others  the  bad  qualities  which  are  most  predo- 
minant in  themselves.  I  have  never  travelled 
in  England  :  all  my  knowledge  of  that  country 
is  derived  from  her  authors,  who  fail  not  to 
include  cleanliness  in  the  monopoly  of  virtues 
which  they  arrogate  to  their  nation ;  but  this 
I  do  know,  and  there  are  thousands  who  can 
bear  me  out  in  the  assertion,  that  if  the  English 
really  possess  this  virtue,  they  leave  it  behind 
them,  when  they  abjure  the  realm.      The  worst 


TALES  OF  A  TRAVELLER.  385 

taverns  in  Illinois  have  been  kept  by  English- 
men ;  and  there  has  never  been  in  this  state  an 
inn  so  badly  kept,  so  filthy,  and  so  extravagant, 
as  has  been  kept  in  Albion,  by  the  emigrants 
from  that  country. 

If  the  English  have  found  bad  treatment  at 
our  taverns,  it  has  been  produced  by  their  own 
offensive  manners.  There  is  no  country  in  the 
world  in  which  a  well  bred  traveller  will  expe- 
rience more  courteous  civility,  or  enjoy  more 
wholesome  or  neater  entertainment,  tlian  in 
ours  ;  while  the  kindness  and  hospitality  which 
he  will  find  in  the  houses  of  private  gentlemen, 
cannot  but  negative  the  assertion  of  the  poet — 

Whoe'er  has  travelled  life's  dull  round, 
Whate'er  his  various  course  has  been, 

Will  sigh  to  think  he  still  has  found 
His  warmest  welcome  at  an  inn. 


THE  END. 


LONDON : 

sn.VlKKLL    a;\U  ISAV\LIS,  JOHNSON's-COUKT,  I'LKET  sihkkt 


Just  Published,  in  2  vols,  Svo.  285. 

NOTIONS  of  the   AMERICANS  :    picked   up  by 
a  TRAVELLING  BACHELOR. 

"  We  have  read  these  volumes  with  the  most  unmingled  satisfac- 
tion. The  writer  is  no  other  than  Cooper,  the  weil-known  national 
novelist  of  America." — Monthly  Magazine. 

"  This  work  is  on  all  hands  allowed  to  contain  more  accurate  in- 
formation as  to  the  present  state  of  America,  than  any  work  hereto- 
fore published." — John  Bull. 

"  Mr.  Cooper's  Book  is  the  best  that  has  yet  been  written  on  the 
subject  of  America," — London  Weekly  Reviexp. 


