V 


V* 


SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 


OF 


LYNCHBURG. 


BY  THE  OLDEST  INHABITANT. 


RICHMOND: 

C.    H.    WYNNE,    PUBLISHER. 

1858. 


.  •    »   • 


TO   THE 

(Dlbtst  |nljnbitants  of  yptftlHttg, 

AND  TO 

THE   DESCENDANTS 

OF    THOSE    WHOSE    NAMES 

ARE  IN  THESE  SKETCHES  RECORDED, 

NOW  RESIDENT  IN  THAT  TLACE, 

AS  WELL  AS 

THOSE  SCATTERED  OVER  THE  UNITED  STATES, 

THIS    LITTLE    VOLUME 

IS     MOST    AFFECTIONATELY 


INTRODUCTION. 


"The  following  sketches  are  cherished  memories  of 
the  past,  penned  during  the  winter  of  1857,  to  interest 
and  amuse  a  young  household/'  and  thereby  bring 
them  acquainted  with  the  just  and  good  of  former 
times.  Whilst  to  render  morality  and  religion  attrac- 
tive, we  must  introduce  them  in  a  fiction,  how  prone 
are  we  to  pass  by  the  holy,  exemplary  lives  of  those 
in  our  midst,  many  of  whom  have  passed  away,  leaving 
no  monuments,  save  those  tenderly  engraven  on  warm, 
loving  hearts;  and  now,  like  old  Mortality,  we  would, 
with  the  few  survivors  mentioned,  wander  awhile  amidst 
the  grave  yards  of  Memory,  drawing  aside  the  long 
grass,  obscuring  these  records,  and  brightening  those 
hidden  inscriptions  of  the  heart,  over  which  the  moul- 
dering hand  of  Time  has  partially  spread  the  moss  of 
forgetful  ness. 

In  the  course  of  the  succeeding  pages,  should  in- 
accuracies  in   dates,  or  any  mis-statements,  occur,  the 


VI  INTRODUCTION. 

writer  desires  to  be  exonerated  from  any  intention 
to  state  what  is  not  strictly  true,  as,  excepting  in 
a  few  instances,  her  own  memory  has  been  solely  re- 
lied on  for  dates;  and  many  of  the  impressions  having 
been  imbibed  in  the  earliest  stages  of  childhood,  even  if 
literally  true,  may  naturally  be  somewhat  vague  and 
shadowy.  Nor  is  it  expected  that  those  whose  names 
are  here  recorded  were  the  only  good  persons  living  in 
Lynchburg :  we  doubt  not  but  that  there  were  more 
than  enough  to  fill  another  volume;  but  with  nearly 
all  mentioned  in  the  sketches,  a  personal  acquaintance, 
and  in  many  instances  a  warm  friendship,  existed.  In 
the  year  1819,  the  matrons  of  Lynchburg,  were,  many 
of  them,  peculiarly  lovely  in  their  walk  and  conversa- 
tion. Those  who  had  attained  middle  age,  having  passed 
their  childhood  immediately  succeeding  the  years  of 
our  Revolutionary  war,  of  course  had  early  acquired 
habits  of  self-denial  and  simplicity,  now  worthy  of  imi- 
tation. The  slow  modes  of  travel  did  not,  as  now, 
facilitate  the  ever-chanoino*  novelties  of  costume  and 
furniture ;  so  that,  in  those  fruitful  sources  of  disquiet, 
there  existed,  at  this  time,  no   rivalry. 

Considering  that  Lynchburg  is  as  justly  entitled  to 
a  memorial  as  "  Belford  Regis,  and  Our  Village,"  of 
Miss  Mitford,  yet,  as  we  pass  by  the  old  familiar 
places,  now  inhabited  by  strangers,  we  would  fain,  like 


INTRODUCTION.  Vll 

Trevillian,  in  the  "Pilgrims  of  the  Rhine"  weave  a 
romantic  story  of  requited  love,  long  life,  and  happi- 
ness; but,  alas!  the  history  of  the  past  is  too  painfully 
written  in  broken  households,  and  lonely  burying- 
grounds,  and  it  is  hither  we  must  come  to  learn  that 
the  death,  as  well  as  the  life  of  the  good,  is  fraught 
with  Heavenly  teachings. 

"For  who  to  dumb  Forgetfulness  a  prey, 
This  pleasing  anxious  being  e'er  resigned, 
Left  the  warm  precincts  of  the  cheerful  day, 
Nor  cast  one  longing,  lingering  look  behind. 

On  some  fond  breast  the  parting  soul  relies, 
Some  pious  drops,  the   closing  eye  requires; 

Even  from  the  tomb  the  voice  of  Nature  cries, 
Even  in  our  ashes,  live  our  wonted  fires." 


$ke%s  aitld  ^ktdkfiiras  of  % gatjkrg. 


-«SC^- 


THE  LYNCH   FAMILY. 

"The  family  of  John  Lynch,  Col.  Charles  Lynch, 
and  all  the  other  Lynches  of  that  family,  took  up  a 
tract  of  land  on  James  River,  within  view  of  the  cele- 
brated Peaks  of  Otter,  and  the  mountainous  scenery. 
After  his  decease  the  tract  of  land,  now  the  site  of 
Lynchburg,  became  the  property  of  his  son  John  Lynch, 
who  established  the  ferry  over  James  river.  It  was  his 
brother,  Charles  Lynch,  who  originated  and  enacted, 
practically,  the  celebrated  code  called  '  Lynch  Law/ 
Col.  Charles  Lynch  was  an  officer  in  the  army  of  the 
American  Revolution.  His  residence  was  on  Staunton 
River,  a  branch  of  the  old  Roanoke,  that  ran  through 
'  my  plantation/  as  John  Randolph  was  in  the  habit  of 
speechifying.  It  is  now  owned  by  his  grandson.  During 
the  Revolutionary  war,  the  country  on  James  river  and 
on  the  Roanoke,  about  the  Blue  Ridge  and  mountain 
passes,  was  harassed  by  a  lawless  band  of  Tories  and 
desperadoes,  and  their  depredations  at  one  time  extended 
into  the  regions  round  about   Lynchburg.      The   case 


10       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

required  a  species  of  operation  adapted  to  cure  the  evil. 
Col.  Lynch  was  a  resolute,  determined  man,  of  elevated 
patriotic  principles  and  a  staunch  Whig,  as  was  all  the 
Lynch  family.  He  organized  and  took  the  lead  of  a 
strong  body  of  determined  patriots — men  of  moral  cha- 
racter and  commanding  influence,  and  scoured  the 
country  night  and  day.  They  took  many  of  the  des- 
peradoes, gave  them  a  summary  trial,  at  which  Col. 
Lynch  sat  as  judge;  empanneled  a  jury,  and,  on  con- 
viction, executed  the  punishment  in  a  prompt  manner. 
The  villains  were  permitted  to  defend  themselves,  and 
to  show  mitigating  circumstances,  and  when  punished 
to  clear  out.  Many  well-meaning  persons  are  frightened 
at  the  name  of  Lynch  law,  without  knowing  its  history, 
code  or  appliance.  It  is  a  better  term,  and  Las  a  more 
orderly  and  civilized  aspect,  than  Squatter  Sovereignty. 
It  requires  proof  positive  and  circumstantial,  such  as 
would  produce  conviction  of  guilt  in  a  candid  and  honest 
mind.  Col.  Lynch  raised  a  regiment  of  riflemen,  after 
he  had  officiated  as  judge,  in  relieving  the  country  from 
Tories,  thieves  and  murderers.  He  was  present  at  the 
battle  of  Guilford  Courthouse,  where  he  behaved  with 
great  gallantry.  He  died  soon  after  the  war.  Charles 
Lynch,  Esq.,  afterwards  Governor  of  Mississippi,  was 
his  son." — St.  Louis  Republican. 

Charles   Lynch,   the   ancestor  of   the   Lynch 
family    of    America,    left  the    north    of    Ireland* 

*  Honorable  mention  is  made  by  Shiel,  in  his  "  Sketches  of 
the  Irish  Bar,"  of  one  of  the  Lynch  family,  who  was  a  member 
of  that  bar. 


OF    LYNCHBURG.  11 

when  a  boy,  and  came  to  the  Colony  of  Virginia  in 
the  early  part  of  the  last  century.  The  immediate 
cause  which  actuated  him,  is  said  to  have  been  a 
punishment  which  he  received  at  school.  Meeting 
soon  thereafter  with  the  captain  of  a  ship,  which 
was  on  the  eve  of  sailing  for  North  America,  young 
Lynch  was  easily  persuaded  to  avail  himself  of  an 
opportunity  of  embarking  on  the  broad  wave  of 
the  Atlantic,  in  quest  of  a  far  distant  home  in  the 
western  world.  The  ship  in  which  he  took  passage 
was  but  a  short  distance  from  port,  when  young 
Lynch,  relenting,  actually  plunged  into  the  sea,  and 
made  for  the  land ;  he  was,  however,  taken  up,  and 
the  vessel  resumed  her  course.  It  has  been  stated 
in  the  extract  from  the  St.  Louis  Republican,  that 
Mr.  Lynch  took  up  a  large  body  of  land  on  James 
river,  in  sight  of  the  Peaks  of  Otter.  He  made 
his  home  and  residence  at  Chesnut  Hill,  just  below 
Lynchburg ;  which  place  was  afterwards  owned  by 
Judge  Edmond  Winston.  Mr.  Lynch  was  said  to 
possess,  naturally,  pleasing  and  graceful  manners. 
He  married,  when  young,  a  Miss  Clark,*  a  young 

*  It  may  not  be  altogether  uninteresting  to  some  to  relate 
a  little  incident  in  connection  with  this  lady,  and  three  other 
sisters,  married  about  the  same  time.  Each  of  these  sisters 
received,  on  their  marriage,  half  dozen  silver  spoons.  As  may 
be  imagined,  silver  spoons  -were  rare  articles  in  the  British 
Colonies.  One  of  these  spoons  has  descended,  and  is  now  in 
the  possession  of  one  of  the  family,  who  keeps  it  as  a  precious 
relic  of  the  past. 


12       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

lady  belonging  to  a  wealthy  and  influential  family. 
Mr.  Lynch  represented  the  counties  of  Campbell 
and  Bedford  in  the  House  of  Burgesses,  which  then 
sat  at  Williamsburg,  and  he  was  elected  to  this 
honorable  office  without  his  knowledge.  Soon  after 
his  death,  on  the  division  of  his  property,  his  son 
John  became  heir  to  the  spot  on  which  stands 
Lynchburg,  and  by  him  it  was  vested  in  the  hands 
of  trustees,  to  be  laid  off  in  lots  for  the  erection  of 
a  town. 

John  Lynch,  founder  of  the  city  of  Lynchburg, 
was  a  member  of  the  Society  of  Friends,  whose 
peculiar  doctrines  and  tenets  were  beautifully  ex- 
emplified in  his  life.  Naturally  ardent  and  impetu- 
ous in  his  temperament,  by  constant  spiritual  com- 
munion with  God,  and  by  placing  always  before 
him  as  a  model  the  high  and  holy  character  of 
Christ,  he  had  succeeded  in  conquering  every  dis- 
position save  what  was  in  perfect  harmony  with  the 
character  of  a  Christian. 

By  those  who  knew  him,  John  Lynch  was  loved 
and  reverenced  for  his  exemplary  life,  but  he  rigid- 
ly scanned  and  judged  himself — depreciating  those 
very  actions  for  which  he  was  commended  by  others. 
So  conscientious  was  he,  that  in  matters  of  contro- 
versy he  was  prone  to  look  upon  himself  as  the 
aggressor.  It  is  related  by  one  who  knew  him  well, 
that  once  upon  an  occasion,  drawn  unexpectedly 
into   a   controversy,    and    encountering   from    his 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  13 

adversary  exceedingly  irritating  and  provoking 
remarks,  Mr.  Lynch  was  led  on  to  say  more  than 
he  intended,  expressing  himself  with  a  considerable 
degree  of  warmth.  After  his  return  home,  he  felt 
unhappy  and  dissatisfied  with  himself,  so  that  even 
secret  communion  with  the  High  and  Holy  One 
could  not  restore  his  peace  and  tranquility.  The 
following  morning,  continuing  dejected,  he  retired 
to  read  and  meditate,  but  he  was  interrupted  by  a 
member  of  his  family,  who  came  to  tell  him  that 

Mr. was  in  the  parlor  desiring  to  see  him.    This 

gentleman  had  on  the  day  previous  been  the  antago- 
nist of  Mr.  Lynch,  and  he  now  came  to  ask  pardon 
for  the  language  he  had  used  towards  him.  Mr. 
Lynch  cordially  tendered  him  his  hand,  ingenuously 
telling  him  he  considered  himself  the  aggressor. 
This  venerable  man  lived  to  see  the  town  which  he 
had  founded  flourish  and  increase  in  size  and  popu- 
lation. He  died  at  an  advanced  age,  on  the  31st 
October,  1821.  His  widow  survived  him,  and  con- 
tinued to  reside  for  many  years  in  the  old  family 
mansion,  now  occupied  by  Alexander  Liggatt,  Esq. 
The  following  obituary  appeared  in  "  The  Press," 
then  edited  by  John  Hampden  Pleasants,  and  was 
written  by  his  friend  and  relative,  the  late  Christo- 
pher Anthony,  Esq.,  and  is  so  appropriate  that  we 
insert  it  entire : 

"  Departed  this  life,  after  a  lingering  illness,  which  lie 
bore  with  unexampled  fortitude,  John  Lynch,  Sen'r,  the 

2 


14  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

patentee  and  former  proprietor  of  the  lands  upon  which 
the  city  of  Lynchburg  was  built.  It  is  very  much  the 
custom  of  the  living  to  bestow  praises  upon  the  dead. 
This  error,  if  it  be  one,  has  its  origin  in  christian  charity, 
and  is  therefore  entitled  to  much  indulgence.  The  writer 
of  this  does  not  design  it  as  a  panegyric  on  the  character 
of  Mr.  Lynch )  it  is  a  feeble  effort  to  do  justice  to  his 
memory.  He  was  a  zealous  and  pious  member  of  the 
Society  of  Friends,  and,  although  laboring  for  the  last 
fifty  years  of  his  life  under  a  pulmonary  complaint, 
which  rendered  him  extremely  weak  and  feeble  in  body, 
he  was  nevertheless  active  and  prompt  in  the  discharge 
of  the  various  duties  of  husband,  father  and  friend.  He 
possessed  a  mind  of  the  first  order — a  mind  unimpaired 
by  disease  or  old  age,  until  a  very  short  time  before  his 
death ;  and  a  fortitude  and  firmness  of  character  seldom 
equalled.  He  lived  to  see  those  lands  which  he  acquired 
for  little  more  than  the  fees  and  expenses  of  location, 
advance  in  value,  so  as  to  constitute  immense  fortunes 
for  all  his  descendants.  He  witnessed  the  rise  and  pro- 
gress of  the  town  of  Lynchburg,  from  laying  the  first 
corner-stone — in  fact,  from  the  period  when  the  site  was 
a  howling  wilderness — to  its  present  size  and  grandeur; 
and  such  was  the  veneration  which  the  inhabitants  of 
the  town  entertained  for  him,  that  he  might  be  regarded 
as  standing  amongst  them  very  much  in  the  light  of  one 
of  the  patriarchs  of  old.  Few  measures  of  a  general 
nature  were  set  on  foot  without  consulting;  him,  and  he 
was  always  found  a  zealous  promoter  of  whatever  tended 
to  advance  the  general  good.  Amongst  other  traits  of 
character  in  this  excellent  man,  those    of  charity  and 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  15 

benevolence  were  very  conspicuous.  To  the  poor,  his 
doors  were  ever  open.  '  Large  was  his  bounty  and  his 
soul  sincere/  But,  alas  !  '  the  places  that  have  known 
him  shall  know  him  no  more.'  He  has  '  fought  the  good 
fight,  he  has  kept  the  faith/  and  hath,  no  doubt,  ascend- 
ed into  another  and  a  better  world,  where  is  laid  up  for 
him  a  crown  of  immortal  glory.  '  Oft  he  fought  and 
oft  obtained  fresh  triumphs  over  himself;  and  never- 
withering  wreaths,  compared  with  which  the  laurels 
that  a  Caesar  reaps  are  weeds.'  " 

With  the  name  of  Lynch  are  associated  recollec- 
tions  of  the   most   grateful  and   pleasing  interest, 
and  to  give  complete  memoirs  of  many  of  this  most 
excellent  family  would  be  a  task  in  every  way  grati- 
fying.    What  a  host  of  recollections  move  before  us  ! 
filling  the  heart  with  vivid  scenes  of  the  past;  and, 
as  if  touched  by  some  mighty  unseen   power,  the 
bu:  ial  places  of  memory  give  up  the  dead,  and  loved 
and  venerated  forms  surround  us,  in  the  back-ground 
appearing  the  aristocratic  form  and  contemplative 
face  of  Anselm  Lynch,  of  Staunton  river,  and  by 
him  the  stalwart  form  of  Staunton  John  Lynch,  his 
brother,  with  mighty  stature  and  brave  heart,  united 
to  a  nature  as  tender  and  gentle  as  that  of  a  loving 
woman.     These    two   last   were    sons    of    Charles 
Lynch,   of   Staunton,   who    was    the    originator   of 
Lynch  law.     Anselm  Lynch   married  Miss   Miller, 
of  Lynchburg,  a  daughter  of  one  of  the  oldest  and 
most  worthy  of  the  first  settlers.     Of  the  members 


16       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

of  Ms  family  who  survive  him,  are  Mrs.  M.  A. 
Dearing,  of  Campbell  county,  and  Charles  Henry 
Lynch,  Esq.,  an  esteemed  citizen  of  Lynchburg. 
Susan  Lynch,  the  second  daughter,  died  many  years 
since,  at  the  country  seat  of  her  brother,  on  Staun- 
ton river.  She  was  a  young  lady  of  great  worth 
and  excellence,  and  a  few  lines  extracted  from  a 
notice  which  appeared  at  the  time  of  her  decease, 
will  show  the  estimation  in  which  she  was  held  : 

"To  a  close  and  vigorous  intellect  the  deceased  added 
an  imagination  sprightly  and  chaste.  Her  heart  was 
benevolent,  kind,  generous  and  pure.  Her  frank  and 
engaging  manners,  and  great  goodness  of  heart,  warmed 
acquaintances  into  friends  and  made  her  an  acknowledged 
favorite  with  all  who  knew  her.  She  was  a  bright  and 
happy  illustration  of  most  that  is  attractive,  interesting 
or  useful  in  the  female  character.  Her  family  have  sus- 
tained in  her  death,  a  loss  most  deeply  irreparable.  It 
was  in  her  intercourse  with  them,  that  her  cheerfulness, 
good  temper,  tenderness,  thoughtful  kindness  and  affec- 
tion, gave  touching  sweetness  to  her  character,  and  created 
for  her  a  love  which  few  can  inspire,  and  none  who  has 
felt  it  can  forget." 

John  Lynch,  of  Staunton  River,  was  married  in 
early  life  to  Miss  Terrel,  and  when  past  middle  life 
they  emigrated  to  West  Tennessee,  where  they  both 
died  some  years  since.  Their  descendants  surviving 
them  continue  to  reside  in  the  vicinity  of  Jackson, 
Tennessee. 


OF  LYNCIIBURG.  17 

Capt.  John  Lynch  died  in  1840,  in  the  seventy- 
third  year  of  his  age.  The  following  notice  of  this 
most  excellent  man,  appeared  at  the  time  of  his 
decease  in  a  Tennessee  paper,  and  it  does  him  no 
more  than  justice : 

"Died,  at  his  residence  in  this  county,  Capt.  John 
Lynch,  in  the  73rd  year  of  his  age.  Capt.  Lynch  was 
a  native  of  Virginia ;  for  many  years  a  citizen  of  Lynch- 
burg, and  his  old  friends  in  that  place  would  scarcely 
recognise  this  as  a  notice  of  a  man  they  once  knew,  were 
we  to  omit  a  passing  tribute  to  his  sterling  integrity,  his 
warm  philanthropy,  and  the  primitive  simplicity  of  his 
manners  and  deportment.  His  early  associations  were 
with  the  Society  of  Friends,  which  doubtless  served  to 
mould  the  character  so  much  admired  and  respected 
wherever  he  has  lived.  Capt.  Lynch's  father  was 
a  worthy  Quaker,  and  soldier  of  the  Revolution, — 
having  commanded  the  cavalry  at  the  battle  of  Guilford; 
was  dismissed  from  his  peace-abiding  congregation  be- 
cause a  strong  sense  of  duty  to  his  suffering  and  strug- 
gling country  impelled  him  to  bear  arms  in  her  defence. 
Such  a  sentiment,  transmitted  to  his  son,  may  have  re- 
strained him  from  connection  with  that  worthy  sect  of 
Christians  to  whom  he  was  strongly  assimilated  by  the 
purity  of  his  life,  the  sobriety  of  his  manners,  modera- 
tion of  his  desires,  and  the  marked  kindness  of  his 
deportment  to  every  human  being  who  came  within  the 
range  of  his  benevolence.  To  the  members  of  his  family, 
who  have  so  long  profited  by  his  excellent  precepts  and 
enjoyed  the  benignant  smiles  of  this  venerable  patriarch, 


18  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

we  would  offer  our  sincere  condolence ;  and  to  his  whole 
circle  of  acquaintances,  we  would  offer  the  life  and  cha- 
racter of  Capt.  John  Lynch,  as  the  best  model  for  their 
imitation." 

Edward  Lynch,  eldest  son  of  the  founder  of 
Lynchburg,  was  also  a  member  of  the  Society  of 
Friends.  Possessing  a  strong  and  vigorous  mind, 
fine  personal  appearance,  combined  with  manners 
most  winning,  he  acquired  in  society  an  influence 
not  easily  lost.  In  person  he  bore  a  striking  re- 
semblance to  the  late  judge  William  II.  Cabell,  of 
the  Court  of  Appeals,  displaying,  too,  like  this 
eminent  jurist,  all  those  genuine,  kindly  feelings  of 
the  heart,  which  so  aid  in  forming  those  high-toned 
manners  of  the  Virginia  gentleman.  Edward  Lynch 
was  blessed  with  a  hopeful,  cheerful  disposition; 
passing  through  various  alternations  of  fortune,  he 
has  manifested  through  life  these  traits,  preserving, 
in  the  midst  of  adverse  storms,  a  tranquil  heart 
and  serene  countenance.  In  early  youth  he  was 
united  in  marriage  to  Mary  Terrel,  an  elegant  and 
queenly  personage,  and,  without  exception,  the  most 
beautiful  woman  ever  seen  in  Lynchburg.  In  her 
youth,  she  was  surpassingly  lovely ;  in  her  middle 
age,  she  was  beautiful;  and  it  is  told,  that,  even 
after  death,  the  exquisite  loveliness  of  her  youth 
remained.     She  was  the  mother  of  eight  children,* 

*  Mrs.  Charles  Withers  and  Mrs.  Dr.  Pretlow,  of  Covington, 
Kentucky;  Mrs.  Winston,  Charles  E.   Lynch,  and   the  Misses 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  19 

seven  of  whom  still  survive  her,  and  several  of  her 
daughters,  inheriting  the  beauty  of  their  mother. 

About  thirty-eight  years  since,  Zalinda,  the 
oldest,  was  married,  by  Friends'  ceremony,  to  Na- 
thaniel Winston.  The  family  had  just  the  day 
before  moved  into  their  new  residence,  the  house 
now  occupied  by  Col.  Maurice  Langhorne ;  and  the 
writer,  though  not  five  years  old,  distinctly  remem- 
bers the  appearance  of  the  beautiful  young  bride, 
and  the  large  procession  formed  from  her  father's 
house  to  the  Quaker  meeting-house.  This  day  is 
memorable  in  Lynchburg,  on  account  of  the  most 
terrific  storm  ever  witnessed.  The  tempest  prevailed 
for  some  hours  with  unabated  fury,  and  so  suddenly 
was  the  atmosphere  darkened,  that,  at  two  o'clock, 
candles  were  lighted  throughout  those  spacious 
apartments,  in  which  were  assembled  the  bridal 
party ;  and,  if  memory  does  not  deceive  me,  it  was 
on  the  afternoon  of  this  day,  that  the  young  son  of 
Mrs.  Mary  Brown  met  with  a  tragic  death.  He 
was  crossing  the  street  to  his  mother's  residence, 
when  a  violent  whirlwind  of  dust  prevented  him 
seeing  a  loaded  wagon  which  drove  over  him, 
causing  his  instant  death. 

The  family  of  Edward  Lynch  emigrated  about 
twenty-three  years  since  to  Ohio,  where  Mrs.  Mary 

Lynch,  of  Waynesville,  Ohio ;  and  Dr.  Micajah  T.  Lynch,  of 
Richmond,  Virginia,  are  the  members  of  the  family  of  Edward 
B.  Lynch. 


20       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

Lynch  died  in  1855.  Her  venerable  husband  sur- 
vives her,  happily  surrounded  by  the  greater  part 
of  his  family,  who  reside  near  him.  in  Ohio  and 
Kentucky. 

Of  all  this  large  family,*  Mrs.  Alexander  Liggat 
is,  "with  the  exception  of  Edward  Lynch,  the  only 
surviving  member.  What  a  mournful  retrospection, 
to  look  back  on  the  bright,  hopeful  faces  which  en- 
circled the  family  hearth,  and  to  find  their  places 
vacant ! — the  lovely  Hannah,  fading  in  early 
womanhood ;  the  frank,  cheerful  Micajah,  just 
embarked  on  life's  voyage  ;  the  amiable  Anselm, 
the  young  son  John,f  the  inheritor  of  his  father's 
venerated  name  ;  but  on  none  of  this  family  does 
more  tender,  romantic  and  mournful  interest  linger, 
than  on  William  and  Jane  Lynch. 

William  Lynch  was  one  of  the  younger  sonsj 
of  the  founder  of  the  city.  In  early  life,  he  had 
sought  and  married  the   lovely  Jane  Humphreys, 


*  Of  John  Lynch,  the  founder  of  Lynchburg. 

f  His  tragic  death  is  mournfully  remembered  by  the  oldest 
inhabitants. 

J  Micajah  Lynch  served  his  country  in  the  late  -war,  being 
stationed  at  Norfolk.  He  married  Ann,  the  daughter  of  Jas.  C. 
Moorman,  and  they  survived  their  marriage  only  a  few  years. 
William  Lynch  was  a  colonel  in  the  late  war,  and  was  stationed 
at  Camp  Holly.  His  regiment  was  remarkable  for  its  perfect 
drill.  The  life-like  portraits  of  these  two  brothers  are  to  be 
seen  at  the  country  residence  of  Miss  S.  L.  Davis,  near 
Lynchburg. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  21 

second  daughter  of  Dr.  Humphreys  of  that  place. 
To  gratify  the  taste  of  her  husband,  she  adopted 
the  Quaker  garb  in  all  its  beautiful  simplicity,  and 
a  more  captivating  personage  than  Jane  Lynch 
could  not  be  found  in  our  town.  The  young  hus- 
band and  wife  together  trod  smoothly  the  path  of 
life,  blest  with  a  lovely  boy,  their  only  child ;  gifted 
with  wealth  and  happy  in  mutual  affection,  where 
could  be  a  brighter  prospect  or  more  unclouded  fu- 
ture ?  Preferring  retirement  and  the  quiet  of  do- 
mestic life,  they  built  a  modest  dwelling  just  over- 
hanging our  ivy  cliff,  where  they  passed  their  lives 
in  innocent  and  rational  pursuits ;  Jane  busied  with 
her  maidens  in  domestic  manufactures,  while  Wil- 
liam was  occupied  with  his  farming  pursuits.  But, 
alas !  a  dark  cloud  appearing,  dissipated  in  a  short 
time  their  tranquil  happiness.  William  Lynch  was 
seized  with  the  incipient  symptoms  of  consumption, 
and  although  the  disease  did  not  then,  as  now, 
carry  off  its  victim  in  the  course  of  a  few  months, 
yet  from  year  to  year  his  life  was  prolonged  as  by 
a  miracle;  and  to  add  to  the  gloom  already  sur- 
rounding them,  the  health  of  Jane  began  to  decline, 
the  bright  spot  on  her  cheek  too  surely  evincing 
that  she,  too,  was  marked  out  for  an  early  grave. 
The  skill  of  medicine,  the  tenderness  of  friends 
and  relatives  availed  nought ;  and  finding  death  for 
them  both  inevitable  and  near  at  hand,  their  only 
remaining  desire  was  that  they  might  depart  at  the 


22       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

same  time,  and  together  pass  through  the  dark  val- 
ley of  the  shadow  of  Death;  but  this  being  denied 
them,  the  grief  of  the  survivor  was  stilled  by  the 
hope  of  a  speedy  re-union  in  Heaven. 

In  a  brief  time  their  habitation  was  left  desolate, 
and  their  orphan  boy  was  removed  to  the  home  of 
his  father's  kindred.  He  was  a  bright,  happy 
child ;  rejoicing  in  life,  unconscious  of  the  loss  sus- 
tained by  himself,  caring  nought,  as  yet,  for  the 
abundant  wealth  lavished  on  him,  and  ignorant 
that,  along  with  it,  he  inherited  a  fearful  legacy. 
As  he  grew  up,  he  became  aware  that  his  parents 
had  died  of  consumption,  and  this  knowledge  caused 
him  much  unhappiness.  Convinced  that  he,  too, 
would  become  a  victim  of  that  disease,  he  deter- 
mined to  grapple  with  the  destroyer,  and  if  possible 
avert  the  fate  overhanging  him.  Being  placed  as  a 
student  at  the  University  of  Virginia,  he  left  that 
place,  his  friends  remaining  ignorant  of  his  plans 
and  intentions.  For  a  long  time,  his  fate  was  in- 
volved in  doubt ;  his  friends  fearing  that  with  all  of 
the  ship's  crew  he  had  gone  down  to  a  watery 
grave.  But  an  American  vessel  touching  at  one  of 
the  South  Sea  Islands,  young  Lynch  was  seen  and 
recognized  by  one  of  the  officers,  who  brought  tid- 
ings of  him  to  his  friends  in  America.  He  was  a 
captive  in  the  Islands,  condemned  by  his  master  to 
strike  in  a  blacksmith's  shop.  But  this  very  cir- 
cumstance wrought  for  him  the  blessing  for  which 


OF    LYNCHBURG.  23 

he  would  have  exchanged  all  his  wealth.  The  con- 
stant exercise  of  the  muscles  of  the  chest,  brought 
about  a  healthy  action  of  the  lungs,  and  he  believed 
himself  entirely  free  from  any  predisposition  to 
consumption.  In  a  few  years  he  returned  to  his 
native  land.*  Buoyant  with  health  and  cheerful- 
ness, he  mingled  in  society,  admired  for  the  graces 
of  his  mind  and  person  and  invested  with  romance 
from  the  circumstances  attending  his  voyage.  Be- 
coming deeply  attached  to  one  of  the  loveliest  girls 
in  Lynchburg,  he  met  with  a  severe  disappointment 
in  failing  to  secure  in  return  her  affections.  In  a 
very  short  time  afterwards,  this  sweet  girl  was  sud- 
denly removed,  and  during  the  great  depression  of 
spirits  after  this  sorrow,  the  symptoms  of  consump- 
tion revealed  themselves.  He  hastened  to  a  warmer 
climate ;  but  the  disease  advanced  with  great  ra- 
pidity, and  he  only  returned  to  Lynchburg  to 
breathe  his  last,  and  to  be  laid  quietly  to  rest  in 
the  old  Quaker  burying  ground. 

*  This  gifted  and  generous  young  man  inherited,  from  his 
mother,  more  than  twenty  valuable  servants.  On  Christmas 
morning  after  his  return,  they  all  went  to  him  to  ask  for  a 
Christmas  gift;  he  told  them,  he  gave  them  themselves;  and  he 
not  only  liberated  them,  but  provided  the  means  for  sending 
them  to  Liberia. 


24       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 


QUAKERISM    IN    LYNCHBURG. 

(i  True  Quakerism  (which  is  true  Christianity)  stands 
distinguished  from  every  other  religion  in  this  partic- 
ular— that  it  is  altogether  spiritual,  and  only  aims  at 
accomplishing  effects  by  means  of  their  causes.  Thus, 
it  never  aims  at  making  the  creature  affectionate,  but  by 
means  of  love )  nor  merciful,  but  by  means  of  mercy ; 
nor  good,  but  by  means  of  goodness.  And  herein  it  de- 
monstrates its  origin  to  be  from  the  fountain  of  Divine 
-wisdom;  for,  through  all  nature  and  creatures,  this  is 
the  method  of  God's  proceeding." 

Edward  Stabler. 

Thirty-eight  years  since,  Lynchburg  was  the 
abode  of  many  of  the  disciples  of  Fox  and  Penn. 
Passing  along  the  streets,  you  would  not  unfre- 
quently  meet  reverend  looking  gentlemen  in  curved 
coats  and  broad-brimmed  hats ;  gentle  matrons  in 
sad  colored  dresses  and  coal-scuttle  bonnets,  and 
occasionally  the  sweet  face  of  a  young  Quakeress, 
rendered  still  more  lovely  from  the  severity  of  the 
dress  and  bonnet.  The  Society  worshiped  every 
Sunday  and  Thursday  at  the  ancient  stone  meeting- 


OF    LYNCHBURG.  25 

house,  a  few  miles  from  Lynchburg,  and  the  car- 
riages then  used  exclusively  by  Friends  were  pre- 
cisely like  the  fashionable  ones  of  the  present  day, 
hung  low,  with  the  driver's  seat  somewhat  under 
the  roof  of  the  carriage.  At  their  solitary  place 
of  worship  everything  tended  to  promote  solemnity ; 
the  remoteness  from  the  habitations  of  man,  the 
burying-ground  attached,  the  profound  stillness, 
uninterrupted,  save  by  the  song  of  the  wild  bird 
in  Spring,  and  the  fall  of  the  eddying  leaf  in  Au- 
tumn, the  grave  faces  of  the  silent  worshipers — 
all  these  impressed  with  awe  even  the  most 
worldly,  and  with  hearts  softened  and  attuned  to 
the  praise  of  God,  even  the  hum  of  bees,  the  sound 
of  the  mosquito,  and  the  distant  whoop  of  the  whip- 
poor-will,  heard  even  in  the  day  from  these  deep 
shady  valleys,  were  like  a  dirge  or  requiem  culling 
their  thoughts  from  earth. 

It  was  here,  in  solemn  communion  with  God,  that 
these  silent  worshipers  obtained  grace  and  strength 
to  aid  in  time  of  need.  When  on  again  returning 
to  the  active  duties  of  life,  the  worldling  might 
express  wonder  to  see  the  Quaker  pass  calmly  on, 
regardless  of  the  stormy,  boisterous  battle  of  life 
around  him,  finding  all  things  bearable,  if  not  pleas- 
ant, and  carrying  about  him  a  defence  more  avail- 
able than  one  of  Colt's  revolvers.  Whence  was  it 
that  no  one  raised  his  hand  or  voice  against  a  Qua- 
ker ?  It  was  that  they  followed  the  golden  rule, 
3 


26  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

and  pursued  in  its  broadest  sense  our  Saviour's  pre- 
cept, "Love  your  enemies."  They  were  stout- 
hearted, brave  men,  yet  they  discountenanced  war ; 
they  governed  well  themselves,  avoiding  angry  dis- 
putes and  contentions ;  they  wronged  no  man ;  they 
gave  no  offence  in  any  way,  and  as  a  natural  conse- 
quence, peace  and  tranquillity  were  the  result. 

Quakerism  exists  now  in  Lynchburg  only  in  name ; 
the  meeting-house  is  deserted,  and  no  longer  within 
its  sacred  walls  assemble  the  Lynches,  the  Davises, 
the  Johnsons,  the  Powells,  the  Cadwalladers,  the 
Douglasses  of  former  times ;  and  rarely  is  met  one 
now  wearing  the  Quaker  garb,  or  speaking  the  plain 
language,  so  sweet  and  beautiful,  from  the  lips  of 
those  we  love.  The  entire  absence  of  form  and 
ceremonial  has  doubtless  been  the  cause  of  the  de- 
cay of  a  system  embodying  so  much  that  is  pure 
and  holy  in  the  religion  of  Christ. 

The  most  venerable  member  of  their  Society,  at 
this  time,  was  William  Davis,  Sr.  He  was  a  man 
of  great  worth  and  purity,  and,  together  with  his 
family,  was  a  constant  worshiper  at  the  Quakers' 
meeting-house.  He  lived  to  a  great  age,  and  at  the 
time  of  his  death  he  was  considered  the  patriarch 
of  the  town.  His  remains  are  interred  in  the  bury- 
ing ground  attached  to  the  church.  His  vene- 
rable wife  survived  him  many  years,  her  lonely 
pilgrimage  cheered  by  the  attentions  of  a  devoted 
family. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  27 

Amongst  those  "who  worshiped  in  this  forest 
sanctuary  was  Mrs.  Richard  Tyree.  Her  maiden 
name  was  Douglas,  and  she  was  a  niece  of  Mrs. 
Edward  Lynch,  whom  she  resembled  in  personal 
appearance.  She  had  been  united  in  marriage 
when  very  young  to  Richard  Tyree,  Esq.,  of  Lynch- 
burg, whom  she  still  survives,  and  resides  in  Lynch- 
burg amongst  her  devoted  children.*  For  some 
years  she  has  been  afflicted  with  blindness,  and 

"  With  wisdom  at  one  entrance  quite  shut  out," 

she  must  feel  the  advantage  of  that  self-discipline 
which  was  taught  her  in  her  youth,  and  doubtless 
the  inner  spiritual  light  now  illumines  her  soul, 
gilding  with  its  rays  the  evening  of  her  well-spent 
life. 

About  the  year  1819,  Charles  Fisher,  an  Eng- 
lish Friend,  was  the  beloved  instructor  of  all  the 
children  belonging  to  Quaker  families  in  Lynchburg 
and  its  vicinity.  Of  most  prepossessing  appear- 
ance, and  gifted  in  an  extraordinary  degree  with 
the  ornament  of  a  meek  and  quiet  spirit,  Charles 
Fisher  passed  through  all  the  trying  scenes  incident 
to  school-keeping,  without  once  losing  his  temper, 
though  exceedingly  delicate  in  his  physical  organi- 


*  This  excellent  lady  died  during  the  past  summer,  since  the 
above  was  written. 


28       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

zation,  and  highly  nervous  in  his  temperament. 
Happy  was  the  little  band  of  Quaker  children  un- 
der his  mild  reign.  A  sudden  close  occurred  to  his 
labors  in  Lynchburg,  and  we  were  forever  deprived 
of  the  services  of  our  faithful  teacher. 

On  Friday  evening,  Charles  called  on  William 
Rohr  to  recite  his  lesson.  Rohr  was  one  of  the 
largest  boys  in  school,  and  being  very  refractory 
and  insolent  about  his  recitation,  he  was  mildly  rep- 
rimanded by  Friend  Fisher.  William  Rohr  reply- 
ing very  passionately,  Fisher  took  hold  of  his  arm, 
upon  which  the  broad-shouldered  pupil  returned  the 
compliment,  carrying  the  school-master  round  and 
round  the  room,  and  performing  a  series  of  evolu- 
tions that  would  have  astonished  a  dancing-master, 
inflicting  at  the  same  time  a  series  of  thumps  and 
blows  on  the  beautiful  white  forehead  of  Charles 
Fisher.  Campbell,  the  poet,  witnessed  the  battle  of 
Hohenlinden,  and  has  thrillingly  embodied  his  feel- 
ings in  the  animated  poem  of  Hohenlinden ;  yet  I 
doubt  whether  that  fearfully  sublime  scene  inspired 
the  poet  with  half  the  awe,  terror,  and  emotion  felt 
by  the  alarmed  and  agitated  band  of  children  who 
cowered  around  the  room.  Friend  Fisher  took  his 
seat  much  exhausted  after  the  contest,  and  to  the 
surprise  and  sorrow  of  the  pupils,  he  stated  that  it 
was  necessary  for  him  to  abandon  his  school,  but 
that  he  had  provided  a  successor  whom  he  hoped 
we   should   esteem.      That    successor   was   K.   B. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  29 

Townley,    who    continued   to    occupy  his   post   as 
teacher  for  many  years  in  Lynchburg. 

In  those  days  traveling  Friends  were  appointed  by 
the  Society  to  make  tours  of  the  States,  calling  as 
they  passed  along  on  all  Quaker  families,  and  on  all 
connected  with  the  denomination.  Strange  as  may 
appear  the  idea  of  a  French  Quaker  preacher,  it  is 
true  that  an  eminent  one  of  that  nation  traveled 
through  Virginia  in  company  with  two  female 
friends.  His  name  was  Stephen  Grillet,  and  one 
of  the  ladies  was  called  Margaret  Judge,  a  very 
beautiful  and  pious  woman.  On  the  occasion  of  a 
visit  to  our  residence,  the  younger  members  of  the 
family  were  permitted  to  be  present  with  the  older 
ones.  When  the  Spirit  moved  him,  Stephen  Grillet 
spoke  feelingly  and  appropriately,  with  only  a  slight 
foreign  accent.  He  was  followed  by  Margaret 
Judge,  who  addressed  us  in  a  strain  so  fervid  and 
eloquent,  so  true,  simple  and  solemn,  that  many  of 
her  words  still  remain  deeply  engraven  on  the 
memory  of  those  who  listened. 

William  Davis,  junior,  with  his  noble  face  and 
manly  form,  is  now  present  to  memory.  How  many 
in  Lynchburg  can  remember  with  admiration  his 
fine,  clear,  brown  complexion  and  honest  benevo- 
lent face — a  true  specimen  of  a  refined  Quaker. 
He  was  a  native  of  Bedford  county,  and,  amongst 
all  the  male  members  of  the  society,  none  were  so 


30  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

attractive  as  William  Davis,  Jr. ;  a  worthy  follower 
of    Ellwood   and   Barclay,    without   the    obstinate 
opinionativeness  of  the  former,  and  exempt  from 
the  superstition  of  the  latter,  he  adorned  the  doc- 
trine of  God  his  Saviour,  pursuing  through  life  that 
calm,  quiet  course,  so  conducive  to  the  happiness 
of  those  with  him  associated,  and,  doubtless,  bring- 
ing to  himself  peace  at  the  solemn  hour  of  death. 
He   had   married,    in    early   life,    Zalinda,   the 
daughter  of  John  Lynch,  and,  surviving  her  many 
years,  he  had  the  additional  calamity  of  becoming 
totally  blind.     A   small   profile   likeness   of  him, 
taken  by  his  grandson,  depicts  beautifully  his  per- 
fect cast  of  face  and  feature.     His  only  son,  John 
Davis,   a  young  man  of  fine  promise,  died  many 
years  since;  and  of  his  two  excellent  daughters, 
Sarah,  the  oldest,  alone  survives ;  and  to  her  was 
accorded  the  dear  privilege  of  soothing  and  com- 
forting the  declining  years  of  her  venerable  father. 
She  can  only  now  look  back,  with  sweet,  though 
mournful  recollection,  to  those  quiet,  happy  days, 
passed  at  the  dear  old  homestead,  whose  floors  are 
no  longer  trodden  by  familiar  feet.* 


*  Since  this  was  penned,  this  lady  has  returned  to  live  at 
the  old  country  residence. 


OP   LYNCHBURG.  31 


"  There  was  an  air  of  peace  about  her  which  was  irre- 
sistible, in  seducing  all  with  whom  she  conversed,  under 
her  gentle  influence.  This  was  the  effect  upon  strangers, 
and  in  no  degree  was  it  abated  by  the  closest  intimacy/' 
(Sir  Thomas  Fowel  Buxton's  description  of  his  sister- 
in-law,  Priscilla  Gurney.") 

Who  is  there  among  us  that  can  ever  forget 
Mary  Annis,  the  lovely  Quakeress — the  "bonny 
gem"  in  the  Society  of  Friends.  Highly  endowed, 
both  personally  and  mentally,  she  was  tenderly  be- 
loved in  a  large  circle  of  friends  and  relatives. 
Reared  in  the  doctrines  of  Quakerism,  which  are 
opposed  to  every  kind  of  music,  her  voice  was  so 
sweet  that,  even  in  conversation,  it  was  melody, 
and  sweetly  she  sang  the  simple,  beautiful  songs  of 
Burns,  because  music  was  natural  to  her. 

It  was  said  that  Mary  Annis  had  refused  the 
hand  of  every  young  Quaker  in  Virginia ;  and  it 
was  known  that  she  had  rejected  many  suitors, 
unconnected  with  that  society,  so  that  it  was  sur- 
mised that  she  had  determined  never  to  marry; 
and  calmly  and  happily,  as  yet,  passed  her  life  in 
the  cultivation  of  her  mind  and  in  the  peaceful  per- 
formance of  all  those  sweet  duties  which  pertain  to 
the  sister  and  daughter. 

It  was  the  custom  of  William  Davis  to  attend, 
with  his  family,  the  yearly  meeting  of  Friends, 


32  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

then  held  in  Alexandria ;  and  during  one  of  these 
visits,  they  sojourned  at  the  house  of  Edward 
Stabler,  an  eminent  member  of  the  Society  of 
Friends,  and  one  of  the  most  eloquent  preachers  * 
of  that  denomination.  He  was  a  man  of  the  high- 
est order  of  intellect,  possessing  all  those  lovely 
traits  which  adorn  the  Christian  Minister.  Greatly 
beloved  in  the  family  circle,  and  revered  by  a  large 
acquaintance  and  connection,  his  household  was 
often  the  scene  of  a  large  concourse  of  young  and 
old,  who  would  assemble  to  hear  him  speak  on  re- 
ligious subjects,  and  discourse  eloquently  on  Scrip- 
ture passages. 

It  was  during  this  visit  that  an  acquaintance  was 
formed  between  Mary  Anni3  and  Robinson,  a  son 
of  Edward  Stabler.  After  their  return  to  Lynch- 
burg, the  acquaintance  was  renewed,  and  frequent 
visits  from  the  young  member  of  Friends'  Society 
resulted,  early  in  the  month  of  November,  1828,  in 
a  marriage,  by  Friends'  ceremony,  at  the  Quaker 
meeting-he  use.  Besides  the  invited  guests,  a  large 
concourse  went  out  from  town  to  witness  the  cere- 
mony—  so  touching  from  its  simplicity,  and  so 
deeply  interesting  from  the  romance  with  which 
the  principal  actors  were  invested.  "Widely  differ- 
ent  was   the   scene   in   this   secluded  spot,   from  a 


*  See  deeply  interesting  Life  of  E.  Stabler,  by  his  son,  Wil- 
liam Stabler. 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  33 

fashionable  Quaker  marriage,  the  description  of 
which  has  recently  appeared  in  the  public  prints ; 
and,  amongst  the  large  concourse  then  assembled, 
there  was  probably  not  one  who  did  not  feel,  min- 
gled with  curiosity,  a  thrill  of  tender  emotion, 
on  witnessing  that  beloved  Quakeress  take  on  her 
the  sacred  vows  of  a  wife.  A  bunch  of  Autumn's 
latest,  fairest  flowers  rested  on  the  folds  of  crape, 
which  beautifully  encircled  her  neck — the  quick 
beating  of  her  gentle  heart  alone  displayed  by  the 
motion  of  these  flowers,  and  by  a  slight  tremor  in 
the  tones  of  her  silvery  voice,  as  she  pronounced 
these  vows. 

A  few  brief,  happy  years  passed,  and  many  who 
then  went  with  this  bridal  party  were  again  assem- 
bled and  sat  within  the  walls  of  the  old  church. 
The  friends,  sister  and  parents  were  there.  The 
young  husband  was  there,  but  he  sat  alone ;  his 
head  bowed ;  his  countenance  no  longer  wearing 
the  joyous,  happy  expression  of  the  former  time. 
The  bridal  robes  of  the  wife  had  been  exchanged 
for  the  vesture  of  the  grave,  and  friends  and  rela- 
tives now  accompanied  her  remains,  to  lay  them  in 
the  old  church-yard  by  the  side  of  her  kindred. 


34  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 


MRS.  HENRY   DAVIS. 

"Her  parents  held  the  Quaker  rule, 
Which  doth  the  human  feeling  cool, 
But  she  was  trained  in  Nature's  school, 
Nature  had  blest  her." 

Charles  Lamb. 

Mrs.  Sally  Davis,  wife  of  Henry  Davis,  Esq., 
was  a  native  of  Bedford  county,  and  a  sister  to 
the  late  Christopher  Anthony,  -whom  she  greatly 
resembled  in  those  shining  qualities  for  which  he 
was  so  eminent.  Reared  and  educated,  like  her 
brother,  in  the  pure,  lovely,  spiritual  doctrines  of 
Quakerism,  she  carried  with  her,  through  life,  all 
those  beautiful  traits  so  naturally  fostered  in  a  well 
ordered  mind,  by  habits  of  self-discipline,  early 
acquired  from  the  example  of  those  around  her,  as 
well  as  by  constant  intercourse  with  a  large  circle 
of  friends  and  relatives,  worshiping  in  the  Society 
of  Friends. 

In  the  beauty  of  early  womanhood,  she  was  mar- 
ried to  Henry  Davis  of  Lynchburg.  Removing 
to  that  place,  and  residing  on  Bank  square,  she 
brought  with  her  to  the  town  many  simple  primi- 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  35 

tive  habits  of  the  country,  carrying  on  domestic 
manufactures  for  amusement  and  employment,  tak- 
ing great  delight  in  such  pursuits;  so  that,  on  en- 
tering her  more  retired  apartments,  a  visitor  might 
almost  imagine  herself  in  the  country,  instead  of 
being  in  the  midst  of  a  noisy,  busy  town. 

Mrs.  Davis  possessed  a  peculiar  talent  for  ren- 
dering domestic  life  happy,  as  well  as  for  acquiring 
a  great  influence  over  the  young.  This  was  not 
effected  by  blind  indulgence,  but  by  interesting  and 
occupying  them  in  useful  pursuits.  She  pursued 
this  plan,  not  only  with  her  own  family,  but  with 
the  children  of  relatives,  temporarily  under  her 
care.  The  good  and  pious  Bishop  White  attributes 
his  success  and  eminence  in  after  life  to  his  mother, 
from  the  circumstance  of  her  keeping  him,  whilst 
young,  interested  and  occupied  in  useful  pursuits, 
producing  thereby  a  tranquilizing  and  sedative 
effect  on  his  mind,  and  keeping  thus  at  bay  wander- 
ing idle  thoughts.  To  the  same  circumstance  may 
probably  be  traced  the  capacity  of  the  family  of 
Mrs.  Davis  for  concentrating  their  minds  and  ener- 
gies on  any  given  point,  and  thus  arriving  at  suc- 
cess in  their  undertakings. 

Though  unable  to  worship  in  the  sanctuary  of 
her  beloved  people,  Mrs.  Davis  adhered  to  their 
peculiar  dress  and  language.  Her  mild  blue  eyes 
and  blooming  face  will  long  be  remembered  in 
Lynchburg  by  those  who  knew  her,  nor  will  her 


36  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

gentle  loving  words  ever  be  forgotten  by  those  to 
whom  they  were  spoken.  She  wisely  mingled  with 
other  Christian  sects,  preferring  the  old  Methodist 
Church,  which  then,  as  now,  was  the  scene  of  the 
most  ardent  and  zealous  pastoral  labors.  Regard- 
ing with  peculiar  reverence  the  indwelling  Spirit, 
and  considering  her  soul  as  God's  temple,  Mrs. 
Davis,  attending  closely  to  the  voice  within,  was 
thus  naturally  led  to  observe  strong  impulses,  and 
when  once  convinced  that  she  was  called  on  to  per- 
form a  duty,  she  arose  at  any  hour,  night  or  day, 
attending  to  it  instantly  ;  and  several  times,  during 
her  residence  on  Bank  square,  she  was  thus  the 
means  of  preserving  life.  On  one  occasion  she 
awoke  after  the  hour  of  midnight,  firmly  possessed 
with  the  idea  that  some  great  danger  attended  two 
female  servants,  who  occupied  an  attic  as  a  sleeping 
room.  The  doors  between  were  all  closed,  and  she 
had  no  means  by  sound  or  otherwise  to  cause  such 
a  belief ;  but  arising  immediately,  she  ascended  the 
stair-cases  that  led  to  the  third  story,  and  on  open- 
ing the  door  of  the  servants  apartment,  she  found 
the  two  girls  in  a  profound  slumber,  with  their  bed 
and  coverlids  in  a  bright  blaze  of  fire,  which  in  a 
very  few  moments  must  have  caused  their  death. 
Several  instances  of  this  sort  are  well  known  in  the 
family  of  Mrs.  Davis,  and  a  member  of  her  own 
houshold  was,  in  the  same  manner,  rescued  by  her, 
when  placed  in  circumstances  of  great  peril. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  37 

A  dutiful,  affectionate  wife — a  devoted  mother, 
Mrs.  Davis  gratefully  pursued  her  life  journey, 
though  called  on  to  give  up  several  lovely  children 
in  infancy.  Her  eldest  son,  Samuel  Davis,  was 
greatly  beloved  in  the  community  in  which  he  lived. 
Of  splendid  stature,  handsome  face,  fine  sense,  and 
gifted  with  all  those  amiable  traits  for  which  his 
mother  was  so  remarkable,  Mrs.  Davis  could  not  but 
look  on  such  a  son  with  joy  and  pride,  anticipating 
the  time  when,  in  the  natural  course  of  events,  he 
should  soothe  and  comfort  her  declining  years. 
But,  alas !  for  the  instability  of  human  hopes ! 
Samuel  Davis,  whilst  on  a  visit  to  Botetourt,  was 
seized  with  the  incipient  symptoms  of  a  malignant 
fever,  called  at  that  time  "  the  big  lick  fever."  He 
hurried  home  to  Lynchburg,  where,  after  lingering 
some  days,  he  breathed  his  last.  From  that  hour, 
the  health  of  his  mother  declined.  She  endeavored 
to  submit  patiently  to  the  affliction,  and  even  at 
times  appeared  to  have  recovered  her  wonted  cheer- 
fulness ;  but  the  stroke  had  fallen  heavily  on  her 
devoted  heart,  and  ere  long  she  was  herself  laid 
on  a  bed  of  languishing,  from  which  she  was  des- 
tined never  more  to  rise.  Those  who  witnessed  the 
triumphs  of  her  last  hours,  can  never  forget  that 
chamber  of  death ;  her  prayers  at  that  solemn  hour 
have  been  answered;  her  children  have  mostly 
chosen  the  better  part,  and  one  beloved  daughter 
has  long  since  joined  her  mother  in  Heaven. 
4 


38  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 


CHRISTOPHER   ANTHONY. 

"  Of  them  -who  wrapt  in  death  are  cold, 
No  more  the  smiling  day  shall  view  ; 
Should  many  a  tender  tale  be  told, 
For  many  a  tender  thought  is  due. 

Why  else  the  o'ergrown  paths  of  time, 
Would  thus  the  letter'd  sage  explore ; 

With  pain  these  crumbling  ruins  climb, 
And  on  the  doubtful  sculpture  pour  ?" 

Langhorne. 

Christopher  Anthony  was  born  in  the  county 
of  Bedford,  at  the  close  of  the  year  1776.  His 
parents  were  in  easy,  prosperous  circumstances ; 
but,  on  uniting  themselves  with  the  Society  of 
Friends,  they  liberated  a  large  number  of  slaves. 
Reared  under  the  gentle,  quiet  influence  of  Quaker- 
ism, Christopher  Anthony  early  learned  those 
habits  of  self-government,  which  in  after  life  so 
materially  contributed  towards  forming  his  perfect 
exemplary  character.  Passing  his  boyhood  amid 
the  trying  scenes  of  the  Revolution,  and  the  times 
immediately  succeeding,  the  means  of  education 
were  not  abundant,  yet  Mr.  Anthony  profited  by 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  30 

every  opportunity,  early  acquiring  a  thorough 
knowledge  of  the  English  language  in  all  its  purity 
and  beauty.  Remarkable,  when  a  boy,  for  the  ease 
and  elegance  of  his  language,  he  was  peculiarly 
sensitive  even  at  that  time  to  any  coarseness  and 
defective  idiom.  He  used  to  relate,  for  the  amuse- 
ment of  his  children,  an  anecdote  of  his  going, 
when  very  young,  to  attend  a  rural  festival  in  his 
father's  neighborhood,  in  all  the  pride  of  a  new  suit 
of  homespun.  On  his  arrival  at  the  place  of  rendez- 
vous, a  momentary  feeling  of  dissatisfaction  was  pro- 
duced, by  seeing  an  elegant  looking  gentleman  from 
town,  in  all  the  magnificence  of  broadcloth,  ruffled- 
shirt  and  showy  brooch ;  but  the  young  Quaker  was 
immediately  set  at  his  ease,  by  hearing  this  fine 
gentleman  remark  to  a  by-stander,  "  I  always  in 
generally,  when  I  rides,  wears  boots!"  Becoming 
early  acquainted  with  the  standard  English  authors, 
Mr.  Anthony  carried  with  him  through  life  the  im- 
pressions then  derived,  retaining  his  literary  taste, 
and  continuing  constantly  to  improve  and  cultivate 
his  mind  by  diligent  reading.  Placed  at  an  early 
age,  as  a  clerk  in  his  father's  store  in  Bedford 
county,  he  there  acquired  that  knowledge  of  man- 
kind and  of  human  nature,  which,  in  after  years,  so 
contributed  to  his  success  as  a  lawyer. 

The  years  immediately  succeeding  the  Revolu- 
tionary war  were  necessarily  attended  with  difficulty 
and  hardship.     The   habits    of  the   most   wealthy 


40  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

were  those  of  primitive  simplicity  ;  their  dress,  the 
product  of  their  own  loom :  and,  in  the  execution 
of  these  homely  employments,  the  females  of  our 
country  manifested  a  noble  pride.  The  young  men 
were  often  called  to  assist  on  the  farm,  and  to  take 
part  in  all  the  rural  occupations  then  going  forward. 
Christopher  Anthony,  doubtless,  found  amid  these 
scenes,  fruitful  sources  of  self-culture ;  and,  in  free 
converse  with  nature,  in  the  forests  of  Bedford,  he 
could  call  to  mind  the  contents  of  books  he  had 
been  reading,  and,  whilst  pursuing  these  avocations, 
his  mind  and  heart  could  soar  far  above  them,  to 
the  Eternal  Source  of  all.  To  him,  all  things  in 
nature  were  fraught  with  instruction  :  even  the  silent 
furrows,  appearing,  one  by  one,  as  the  plough  pass- 
ed over  them,  were  suggestive  of  the  cultivation  of 
that  patient  perseverance  for  which  he  was  so  re- 
markable in  later  years  ;  and  to  his  early  familiarity 
with  rural  scenes^  may  be  traced  the  unalloyed 
pleasure  which,  in  more  mature  life,  he  derived 
from  the  poetical  works  of  Robert  Burns. 

Shortly  after  he  attained  the  age  of  twenty- 
one,  he  removed  to  the  city  of  Richmond,  and 
entered  into  business  with  Joseph  Anthony,  his 
half-brother.  Visiting  Philadelphia,  at  this  time, 
he  found  the  city  in  commotion ;  the  piracies  on 
the  high  seas,  the  threatened  war  with  France, 
and  anticipated  troubles  with  England,  had  so 
excited  the  public  mind,  that  every  apprehension 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  41 

was  felt  that  our  country  would  soon  be  again  in- 
volved in  war,  both  by  land  and  sea.  Public  amuse- 
ments were  discontinued,  the  theatre  was  nightly 
opened  to  vacant  boxes ;  the  benefit  night  of  a 
favorite  young  actor  approaching,  Judge  Hopkin- 
son  was  induced  by  his  persuasions  to  write  some- 
thing patriotic,  to  be  sung  on  that  occasion,  as 
nothing  short  of  an  absolute  novelty  could  procure 
an  audience.  Accordingly  the  song  of  "  Hail  Co- 
lumbia!" was  written,  and  its  announcement  drew 
a  crowded  house.  The  scruples  of  the  young  Quaker 
being  removed,  he  attended  the  theatre  on  that 
night,  and  he  often  spoke  with  gratification  of  the 
impression  produced  by  hearing  this  song  sung  for 
the  first  time.  The  enthusiasm  of  the  audience 
knew  no  bounds,  and  the  song  was  called  for  again 
and  again.  During  this  visit,  Mr.  Anthony  was 
seized  with  a  tedious  intermittent  fever,  and,  being 
attended  by  Dr.  Rush,  he  nearly  fell  a  victim  to 
the  disease,  or  to  the  remedy,  which  was  a  prepara- 
tion of  arsenic,  then  recently  introduced  into  the 
medical  world,  and  administered  for  ague  and  fever. 
Dr.  Rush  entrusted  to  the  landlady  a  phial  contain- 
ing this  medicine,  but  she,  misunderstanding  his 
prescription,  instead  of  administering  it  in  small 
portions,  gave  him  the  greater  part  of  it  at  once  ; 
and,  in  consequence  of  this  mistake,  Mr.  Anthony 
received  for  some  weeks  the  personal  attention  of 
Dr.    Rush,    deriving     from     his     friendship    and 


42       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

acquaintance  pleasant  impressions  which  remained 
"with  him  through  life. 

He  returned  to  Richmond,  where  he  continued  to 
carry  on  business  as  a  merchant,  and  just  as  he  was 
on  the  eve  of  marriage,  an  unexpected  reverse  ren- 
dered it  necessary  to  defer  for  a  short  time  his  union 
with  Anna  Couch ;  but  this  event  taking  place  on 
the  6th  of  August,  1803,  Mr.  Anthony  removed  to 
the  county  of  Goochland,  where,  for  several  years, 
he  was  occupied  as  a  merchant.  Retaining  the 
Quaker  garb  and  language,  he  adhered  to  the  reli- 
gion of  his  parents,  conscientiously  practising  its 
precepts.  The  members  of  Friends'  Society,  not 
being  allowed  to  take  an  oath,  Mr.  Anthony,  on  ac- 
cepting the  office  of  magistrate,  found  himself 
obliged  to  leave  that  sect,  though  throughout  life 
he  cherished  the  beautiful  doctrines  by  them  in- 
culcated. 

At  the  time  of  Burr's  trial,  Mr.  Anthony  was  in 
Richmond,  and  having  of  Burr  a  very  bad  opinion, 
he  expressed  such  publicly,  hoping  thereby  to  avoid 
being  put  on  the  jury.  Being  asked  by  a  friend 
what  had  brought  him  to  Richmond,  he  remarked : 
"I  have  come  to  Richmond  to  hang  Burr."  Not- 
withstanding this  remark  was  reported  to  this 
wretched  man,  yet  he  chose  Mr.  Anthony  as  one  of 
his  jurors.  Copious  notes  were  made  by  Mr.  An- 
thony of  the  trial,  as  well  as  many  incidents  con- 
nected with   it,  but   the   circumstances  of  Burr's 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  43 

acquittal,  as  well  as  of  the  incarceration  of  the  ill- 
fated  Blsennerhasset,  are  too  well  known  to  render 
any  detail  here  of  these  events  at  all  desirable. 

Continuing  for  several  years  a  magistrate,  Mr. 
Anthony's  friends  perceived  in  him  such  talents  for 
the  bar,  that  they  began  to  persuade  him  to  study 
for  that  profession.  The  late  Wm.  Pope,  and  the 
numerous  members  of  the  talented  families  of  Pleas- 
ants and  Bates,  were  amongst  his  warmest  friends, 
and  his  own  inclinations  prompting  him  to  follow 
their  advice,  he  accordingly,  at  the  age  of  thirty, 
commenced  his  legal  studies :  obtaining  in  a  brief 
period  a  license  to  practice  law,  he  removed  to 
Lynchburg,  where  at  once  he  rose  in  his  profession, 
his  practice  soon  becoming  so  large  that  he  could 
attend  to  it  but  with  difficulty.  Placed  thus  for  a 
period  of  eight  or  nine  years  in  opulent  circum- 
stances, Mr.  Anthony  considered  himself  a  wealthy 
man ;  but  about  the  year  1819,  a  sudden  reverse 
plunging  him  into  poverty,  it  was  at  this  time  that 
the  cheerful  hopefulness  of  his  disposition  shone 
brightly ;  for  over  this  stormy  sea  serenely  he 
passed,  feeling  thankful  that  amid  the  wreck  he 
had  his  own  energy  and  strength  remaining.  "With 
an  unshaken  trust  in  Providence,  the  day  succeed- 
ing his  failure,  he  walked  forth  from  his  happy 
home  with  the  knowledge  that  everything  owned 
by  him  must  be  given  up.  But  only  for  a  short 
time  was  the  reverse  felt.     On  that  very  day  he 


44  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

was  met  by  a  wealthy  client,  who  engaged  his  ser- 
vices in  a  new  case,  and  insisted  on  his  receiving 
compensation  beforehand:  from  that  period  the  tide 
of  business  Avas  so  great,  that  even  the  energy  and 
industry  of  Mr.  Anthony  were  scarce  sufficient  to 
attend  to  the  numerous  demands  made  on  his  time 
by  his  very  extensive  practice.  During  many  years, 
Mr.  Anthony  nobly  sustaining  himself,  exemplified 
in  his  character  all  that  forms  the  upright  man  and 
the  Christian,  when  death  suddenly  cut  short  his 
useful  career,  in  his  fifty-eighth  year,  in  the  month 
of  September,  1835. 

It  would  be  impossible  to  enumerate  the  many 
charities  of  this  excellent  man  during  the  course  of 
his  practice  in  Lynchburg.  Many  widows  were  by 
him  befriended,  and  their  business  matters  attended 
to  without  charge ;  many  orphans,  to  his  exertions 
owed  the  possession  of  their  property;  and  the  last 
professional  visit  he  ever  made  was  to  a  widow  lady 
in  the  country,  in  order  to  aid  and  advise  her  in 
conducting  her  affairs. 

Many  interesting  legal  anecdotes  of  him  might 
be  recorded,  but  in  this  place  only  one  simple  one 
shall  be  introduced.  In  the  early  period  of  Mr. 
A.'s  practice,  he  was  often  opposed  to  the  late 
Christopher  Clark,  at  that  time  an  eminent  lawyer 
of  the  upper  country.  It  had  often  been  necessary 
for  Mr.  Clark  to  call  on  one  particular  witness, 
whose   name  was   Enoch   Hogan.      Hogan   was    a 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  45 

busy,  prying  man,  generally  more  occupied  about 
the  affairs  of  others  than  his  own,  and  Mr.  Anthony 
and  the  members  of  the  bar  had  been  in  the  habit 
of  jesting  with  Mr.  Clark  about  his  standing  wit- 
ness, and  saying  to  him  whenever  he  got  into  a  hard 
place,  "  Clark,  call  up  Enoch  Hogan."  At  one 
time  Mr.  Anthony  was  engaged  in  a  lawsuit  in 
which  it  was  necessary  to  prove  the  hand-writing 
of  an  obscure  woman  residing  in  Kentucky.  From 
time  to  time  he  had  urged  his  client  to  take  the 
deposition  of  this  person,  without  which  he  would 
inevitably  lose  his  cause.  The  case  was  brought  to 
trial — they  were  unable  to  prove  this  hand-writing. 
Much  discomfited  and  brought  to  bay,  Mr.  Anthony 
was  about  to  surrender,  when  Mr.  Clark  whispered, 
" Anthony,  call  Enoch  Hogan."  Though  aware 
that  his  advice  was  given  in  derision,  Mr.  Anthony 
calmly  desired  the  sheriff  to  summon  Enoch  Hogan. 
Enoch  was  called,  and  came  in  amidst  a  roar  of 
laughter  from  the  whole  court  room  ;  he  was  sworn 
and  interrogated  by  Mr.  Anthony  as  to  his  know- 
ledge of  the  hand-writing  of  the  surviving  witness. 
"Do  you  know  that  hand- writing?"  Hogan  took 
the  paper,  giving  a  quick,  sulky  glance  at  it,  and 
handing  it  back  with  this  remark,  "  I  reckon  I 
ought  to  know  it ;  it  is  the  signature  of  my  own 
sister:"  and  so  it  was.  She  lived  in  Kentucky, 
and  he  had  many  letters  from  her  in  possession, 
and  the  similarity  of  the  hand-writing  and  other 


46  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

circumstances  put  the  matter  beyond  dispute. 
"This,"  said  Mr.  Anthony,  "taught  me  one  les- 
son, which  in  my  after  practice  I  never  forgot : 
that  was,  never  to  give  up  a  cause  until  I  had 
lost  it." 

A   brief  sketch   of   Christopher  Anthony,  by  the   late  John 

Hampden    Pleasants. 

"Died  at  his  residence  in  Lynchburg,  on  Thursday, 
the  first  of  October,  Christopher  Anthony,  Esq.,  in 
the' 59th  year  of  his  age.  Mr.  Anthony's  illness  was 
congestive  fever,  and  from  confidence  in  the  uniform  firm- 
ness of  his  health,  and  excellence  of  his  constitution,  he 
unfortunately  neglected  remedies  in  the  incipient  stages 
of  the  disease.  But  who  shall  say  that  mortal  skill 
could  have  availed  to  save  him,  or  who  shall  decide  the 
problem,  destined  to  be  hidden  in  everlasting  obscurity, 
that  the  appointed  hour  is  fixed  for  all,  by  an  unalterable 
fate  ?  The  calamities  which  Death  visits  on  surviving 
friends  are  sufficient  without  their  being  aggravated  by 
the  painful,  perhaps  in  every  case,  false  supposition,  that 
the  stroke  of  his  scythe  might  have  been  averted.  We 
can  never  know  the  truth,  and  the  mode  of  faith  is  the 
happiest  and  wisest,  which  refers  all  to  the  wisdom  and 
providence  of  Glod. 

Few  men  have  lived  in  this  community  more  useful  in 
their  sphere  than  Christopher  Anthony,  or  died  more 
inopportunely  for  the  usefulness  they  were  capable  of 
exerting.  An  active  and  patriotic  citizen,  a  most  devoted 
husband  and  tender  parent,  there  was  no  relation  of  life 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  47 

which  he  did  not  sustain  with  zeal  and  fidelity.  Sub- 
jected at  two  periods  of  his  life  to  severe  pecuniary  re- 
verses, his  unflinching  spirit  and  indomitable  energy 
refused  to  succumb  to  misfortune  an  instant,  but  rather 
with  that  admirable  elasticity  which  belongs  to  the  con- 
sciousness of  capacity,  derived  renewed  energy  from  the 
necessity  which  required  it.  He  was  for  a  third  time 
reaping  that  fortune  so  well  due  to  his  talents  and  vigor, 
when  Providence,  in  its  inscrutable  wisdom,  closed  his 
active  and  useful  career. 

"  Mr.  Anthony  was  a  native  of  Bedford  county,  and 
was  born  in  the  Society  of  Friends,  to  whose  benevolent 
principles  he  firmly  adhered,  while  he  relinquished  out- 
ward conformity  to  their  manners.  He  was  bred  a  mer- 
chant, in  which  capacity  he,  at  one  time,  conducted 
business  in  Richmond.  Failing  in  this  he  adopted  the 
profession  of  the  law,  and  speedily  attained  the  highest 
eminence  at  the  bar,  which  he  maintained  for  a  long 
series  of  years,  and  enjoyed  to  the  end  of  his  life.  A 
seat  on  the  bench  was  repeatedly  in  his  power,  but  he 
declined  it  as  being  less  lucrative  than  his  practice.  His 
native  capacity  was  of  the  highest  order,  and  had  he 
possessed  the  advantages  of  early  instruction  in  elemen- 
tary knowledge,  he  had  been  amongst  the  most  shining 
men  of  his  generation.  As  it  was,  he  had  few  superiors; 
in  intuitive  knowledge  of  men,  that  best  of  knowledge, 
none.  May  his  ashes  repose  in  peace  until  the  great  day, 
when  all  the  dead  will  come  forth  to  meet  their  Judge/' 


48  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 


MRS.  ANNA  W.  ANTHONY. 

"  What  are  the  trophies  gained 

By  power  alone,  with  all  its  noise  and  strife, 
To  that  meek  wreath,  unstained, 

Won  by  the  charities  that  gladden  life  !" 

Bernard  Barton. 

Anna  "Woolston  Anthony  was  the  eldest 
daughter  of  Samuel  and  Anna  Couch.  Her  father 
was  by  birth  a  Philadelphian,  and  her  mother  was 
a  native  of  Mount  Holly,  New  Jersey.  Emigrat- 
ing soon  after  their  marriage  to  Virginia,  they  es- 
tabished  themselves  in  the  city  of  Richmond,  where 
Anna  was  born  in  the  month  of  January,  1786. 
Shortly  after  this  event,  Mr.  Couch  purchasing  the 
estate  of  Little  Creek,  in  Goochland,  he  removed 
there  with  his  family,  and  he  continued  to  reside 
there  till  his  death.  Being  a  man  of  large  pro- 
perty, Mr.  Couch  was  exceedingly  liberal  and  gene- 
rous, esteeming  the  privilege  of  bestowing  on 
others,  as  one  of  the  most  refined  pleasures.  Pos- 
sessing a  fine  mind,  highly  cultivated,  his  tastes 
were  literary,  his  temperament  highly  poetic, 
and  many  of  his  compositions,  both  in  prose  and 


OF    LYNCHBURG.  49 

verse,  are  preserved  in  the  family,  evincing  a  high 
order  of  talent.  His  daughter  received  her  educa- 
tion under  his  immediate  superintendence,  and  be- 
coming early  acquainted  with  all  the  standard  lite- 
rature of  the  English  language,  her  retentive  mind 
preserved  these  impressions,  which  were  in  after 
life  deepened  by  still  further  cultivation.  When  at 
the  age  of  six  years,  her  parents  left  the  estab- 
lished Church,  and  united  themselves  to  the  Society 
of  Friends,  hberating  at  this  time  a  large  number  of 
slaves.  At  the  age  of  10  years,  owing  to  the  in- 
firm state  of  her  mother's  health,  an  infant  sister 
was  confided  to  the  charge  of  Anna,  and  assuming 
the  entire  care  of  the  child,  she  reared  it  as  ten- 
derly as  though  it  had  been  her  own.  About  four 
years  after  this  time,  her  father  was  seized  with  a 
severe  illness,  from  which  he  never  recovered,  and 
Mrs.  Couch,  with  all  the  tenderness  of  a  devoted 
wife,  gave  herself  up  entirely  to  administer  to  the 
comfort  of  her  husband,  confiding  the  whole  care 
of  a  large  establishment  to  her  daughter  Anna, 
who  not  only  administered  wisely  the  domestic 
affairs,  but  materially  aided  her  mother  in  nursing 
her  sick  father.  On  the  death  of  Mr.  Couch,  obey- 
ing one  of  his  last  requests,  they  gave  up  their 
residence  in  the  country,  and  removed  again  to  the 
city  of  Richmond.  In  the  course  of  a  few  years, 
Anna  was  united  in  marriage  to  Christopher  An- 
thony, of  Bedford  county,  also  a  member  of  the 
5 


50       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

Society  of  Friends.  Removing  -with  her  husband 
to  Goochland,  Mrs.  Anthony  there  found  herself 
surrounded  by  the  beloved  friends  of  her  childhood, 
and  most  happily  sped  away  the  few  years  of  her 
residence  in  that  county.  In  the  year  1811,  they 
made  their  home  in  the  town  of  Lynchburg,  where, 
very  soon,  Mrs.  Anthony  took  a  prominent  station 
in  society,  forming  these  ties  of  friendship  which 
remained  unbroken  through  life,  and  are  now  con- 
sidered by  her  children  a  sacred  inheritance. 

For  some  years  she  resided  in  the  house  at  pre- 
sent occupied  by  Henry  Dunnington,  Esq.,  leading 
there  a  useful,  happy  life,  active  in  her  duties  to 
her  family,  and  dispensing  good  to  all  within  her 
sphere.  Large  and  abundant  were  her  charities, 
many  poor  persons  being  entirely  supplied  by  her 
with  comforts.  A  woman  in  indigent  circumstances, 
named  Meredy,  lived  in  a  house  immediately  in 
rear  of  the  old  Methodist  Church:  her  husband 
having  made  his  arrangements  to  move  with  his 
family  to  Richmond,  they  packed  up  all  their  small 
amount  of  goods,  and  just  as  they  were  tying  on 
their  bonnets  to  start,  the  new  tenants  who  were 
to  take  the  house  appeared  on  the  steps  with  their 
parcels  and  bundles.  Mrs.  Meredy  shook  hands 
with  the  new  comers,  regretting  that  it  was  not  in 
her  power  to  aid  them ;  but,  said  she,  "  in  leaving 
Lynchburg  I  bequeath  to  you  Mrs.  Anthony,  and  I 
consider  that  I  leave  you  a  rich  legacy." 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  51 

Being  endowed  with  great  firmness  and  presence 
of  mind  in  times  of  sickness  and  danger,  she  was 
once  sent  for  at  midnight,  to  come  to  the  house  of 
a  relative,  whose  little  son  was  said  to  be  dying. 
On  her  arrival  there,  she  found  the  family  all  sit- 
ting around  in  profound  grief,  and  it  was  told  her 
that  the  little  child  was  dead.  The  dreary  array 
of  grave  clothes  was  spread  out,  and  one  of  the 
friends  of  the  family  was  just  about  to  prepare  his 
little  form  for  burial.  Mrs.  Anthony  suggested 
that  life  might  possibly  not  be  extinct ;  but  the 
family  assured  her  that  the  child  was  dead,  and 
that  no  breath  for  some  moments  had  been  appa- 
rent. "  I  will  at  least  try  to  restore  him,"  said 
Mrs.  Anthony.  She  accordingly  proceeded  to 
administer  restoratives,  and  very  soon  the  little  suf- 
ferer began  to  show  symptoms  of  returning  anima- 
tion, and  ere  long  a  feeble  cry  issuing  from  the 
babe,  showed  that  Mrs.  Anthony's  efforts  had  been 
entirely  successful.  The  child  recovered  and  is 
now  residing  in  one  of  the  Western  cities,  a  vigorous 
man  in  the  prime  of  life. 

Shortly  after  the  return  of  Mr.  Anthony  from 
the  Legislature  of  1817,  he  was  seized  with  a  severe 
attack  of  inflammatory  rheumatism,  which,  for  a 
time,  baffled  the  skill  of  even  the  eminent  medical 
men  then  residing  in  Lynchburg,  and  threatened 
him  with  loss  of  life.    His  sufferings  were  so  great, 


52  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

that  it  was  with  difficulty  a  moment's  ease  could  be 
procured.  The  use  of  opiates  was  much  more  rare 
than  at  present,  and  chloroform,  happily  for  man- 
kind, unknown  at  that  time;  the  only  thing  which 
composed  Mr.  Anthony  was  the  voice  of  his  beloved 
wife,  whilst  occupied  in  reading  aloud  to  him ;  it 
appeared  to  possess  a  mesmeric  effect,  and,  whilst 
she  was  reading,  he  would  seem  to  sleep,  but  the 
moment  her  voice  was  silent,  he  would  awake  to  a 
sense  of  his  sufferings.  During  this  trying  period, 
Mrs.  Anthony  read  aloud  to  her  husband  all  the 
volumes  of  the  British  Essayists  ;  nor  was  his  re- 
covery complete,  till  he  had  made  a  long  sojourn  at 
the  Warm  and  Hot  Springs.  When  the  unexpected 
reverse  occurred  in  1819,  Mrs.  Anthony  bore  it  all 
with  cheerful  serenity.  Not  a  murmur  escaped  her, 
not  a  cloud  appeared  on  her  countenance  ;  possess- 
ing her  soul  in  patience,  she  calmly  rested  all  her 
cares  on  Him  who  had  borne  earth's  trials.  Her 
ways  were  committed  to  God,  who  speedily  brought 
her  out  of  adversity,  establishing  her  in  even 
greater  comfort  and  prosperity  than  she  had  be- 
fore enjoyed. 

The  house  now  occupied  by  Samuel  McCorkle, 
Esq.,  was  planned  and  built  by  the  late  Christopher 
Anthony.  The  dwelling  was  completed  in  1831, 
and  the  family  took  possession  of  it  during  the 
summer  of  that  year.    Mrs.  Anthony,  though,  could 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  53 

not  but  regret  leaving  her  old  home,  on  Courthouse 
Hill,  where  she  had  enjoyed  so  much  happiness, 
and  mingled  with  her  regret  a  feeling  that  her 
domestic  circle  was  soon  to  be  broken  up;  yet, 
repressing  these  sad  thoughts,  she  cheerfully 
engaged  in  all  of  her  duties,  and  entered  with  zeal 
and  ardor  into  the  work  of  improving  her  new  re- 
sidence. 

In  the  year  1829,  Mrs.  Anthony  communed  in 
the  Episcopal  Church,  but  it  was  not  till  the  spring 
of  1836,  that  she  became  a  member  of  that  denomi- 
nation. During  the  second  Episcopal  Convention, 
held  in  Lynchburg,  she  was  baptized  and  admitted 
into  the  church,  of  which  she  continued  a  zealous  and 
devoted  member  till  the  time  of  her  death,  like  the 
pious  and  good  Susan  Allibone,*  of  Philadelphia ; 
showing  forth,  in  her  life,  the  beauty  of  holiness, 
and  proving  that  Episcopacy,  based  on  Quakerism, 
can  produce  a  Christian  character,  so  formed  after 
the  model  of  our  great  Exemplar,  so  meek  and 
lovely,  that  even  the  most  worldly,  on  meeting  with 
such,  must  own  the  power  of  the  religion  of  Christ 
to  exalt  and  purify  the  character. 


*  See  "  Life  of  Susan  Allibone,"  written  by  Bishop  Lee. 
The  writer  considers  it  a  privilege  to  have  been  in  the  same 
house  with  this  lovely  womau,  for  more  than  a  week,  in  Phila- 
delphia. 


54       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

About  three  years  after  being  settled  in  their 
new  home,  Mr.  Anthony  was,  in  the  month  of  Sep- 
tember, suddenly  called  hence  ;  and  very  soon  after 
this  mournful  event,  Mrs.  Anthony,  leaving  Lynch- 
burg, went  to  reside  with  her  daughters  in  the  coun- 
ties of  Nelson  and  Buckingham.  She  survived 
her  beloved  husband  more  than  twenty-one  years : 
during  that  solitary  pilgrimage,  cheered  by  the  hope 
of  a  joyful  re-union  in  Heaven.  It  would  be  impossi- 
ble to  record  here,  the  numerous  ways  of  doing  good 
which  were  found  out  by  Mrs.  Anthony  during  her 
residence  in  the  country.  A  course  of  the  most 
active  industry  was  by  her  pursued,  taking  for  her 
watch-word,  "  Occupy  till  I  come !"  She  was 
strength,  energy  and  comfort  to  her  immediate 
household ;  and,  when  she  could  think  of  nothing 
else  to  be  done,  she  subscribed  liberally  to  dif- 
ferent religious  newspapers,  which  she  would  send 
throughout  the  country,  thus  supplying  many  poor 
families  with  religious  knowledge,  and  lightening 
their  trials  by  the  hopes  thereby  inspired.  A  long 
course  of  usefulness  was  closed  when  she  breathed 
her  last,  in  the  month  of  December,  1854,  in  the 
sixty-ninth  year  of  her  age.  It  is  not  the  inten- 
tion, at  present,  to  portray  the  touching  and  beau- 
tiful scene  of  her  death,  so  in  accordance  with  her 
life,  though  aware  that  a  record  of  this  sort  would 
be  beneficial  to  the  Christian  community,  by  afford- 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  55 

ing  strong  proof  of  the  power  of  religion  to  com- 
fort and  sustain  the  believer  at  the  close  of  life  ; 
and  we  can  only  close  this  brief  tribute,  by  a  clause 
from  our  beloved  Service  :  "  We  give  Thee  hearty 
thanks,  0  Lord  !  for  the  good  examples  of  all  these 
Thy  servants,  who,  having  finished  their  course  in 
faith,  do  now  rest  from  their  labors." 


56  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 


REMINISCENCES  OF  THE 

COURT  AND  BAR  OF  LYNCHBURG. 

"  Each  pedant  sage  unlocks  his  store 
Of  mystic,  dark,  discordant  lore, 
And  points  with  tottering  hand  the  ways 
That  lead  me  to  the  thorny  maze  ; 
There,  in  a  winding,  close  retreat, 
Is  Justice  doomed  to  fix  her  seat ; 
There,  fenced  by  bulwarks  of  the  law, 
She  keeps  the  wondering  world  in  awe, 
And  there,  from  vulgar  sight  retired, 
Like  Eastern  queen,  is  more  admired." 

Sir  William  Blackstoxe. 

The  old  courthouse  of  Lynchburg  was  associated 
with  many  pleasing  memories  of  the  past,  in  those 
good  old  days  of  1819,  when  Chancellor  Taylor 
held  there  his  courts  in  the  months  of  May  and 
October.  The  members  of  the  bar  from  all  the 
surrounding  counties  then  convened  in  Lynchburg, 
and  when  relieved  from  the  cares  of  business,  they 
formed  a  most  brilliant  and  refined  social  circle. 

Judge  Creed  Taylor  was  truly  a  gentleman  of 
the  old  school,  with  a  most  aristocratic  manner  and 


OF   LYNCHBURG;  57 

bearing.     His  dress  even,  in  those  days,  was  singu- 
lar,  consisting  of   short  breeches,   long   stockings 
fastened  at  the  knee  with  large  buckles,  and  his 
silvery  hair  was  combed  from  his  forehead  and  con- 
fined in  a  queue  at  the  back  of  his  head.     His  legal 
abilities  and  reputation  are   too  well  established  to 
need  here  eulogy,  even  were  the  ability  possessed  of 
so  doing ;  but  a  more  elegant  gentleman  in  society, 
or  at  a  dinner  table,  could  not  be  found,  his  cour- 
tesy  extending  from  his   hostess   to  her  youngest 
boy,  whose  health  he  would  insist  on  drinking,  as 
the  little  fellow  ran  through  the  dining-room — and 
there  was  a  peculiar  grace  in  all   his  actions,  even 
in  the  simple  one  of  manufacturing  the  impromptu 
olive,  from  the  bread-basket  and  salt-cellar,  previous 
to  taking  his  wine,  between  the  time  of  dinner  and 
dessert.     His  manners  at  this  time  were  bland  and 
courteous,  with    all   the  formality  of    Sir   Charles 
Grandison.     In  after  years  his  health  declined  ;  he 
suffered  from  chronic    gastritis  ;    his    eye    lost   its 
brightness,  his  form   its  roundness ;   and  becoming 
exceedingly  irritable  and  fretful,  it  was  only  by  lay- 
ing a  powerful  restraint  on  himself,   and  feigning 
politeness,  that  he  could  be  brought  to  conduct  him- 
self with  common  civility  towards  the  members  of 
the  bar. 

During  his  last  visit  to  Lynchburg,  on  adjourning 
his  court  for  the  day,  he  appointed  the  hour  of 
twelve  on  the  following  day,  as  the  time  for  again 


58  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

assembling.     Becoming  restless  though,  before  the 
hour  of  eleven,  he  caused  the  courthouse  bell  to  be 
rung  long  and  loudly.     In  great  haste  the  lawyers 
came  pouring  in  from  all  directions  to  meet  his  ire- 
ful glance.     He  first  accosted  the  late  Peachy  Gil- 
mer, reproaching  him  in  an  angry  voice  for  being 
so  dilatory,  whereupon  Mr.    Gilmer  remarking   to 
him  that  it  yet  wanted  three  quarters  of  an  hour  to 
the  appointed  time,  the  Chancellor  losing  all  com- 
mand of  himself,  exclaimed  in  a  passionate  voice, 
"  Gentlemen,  I  will  have  you  in  future  to  know  that 
when  Ztake  my  seat  on  the  bench,  it  is  12  o'clock." 
This  reply,   so  worthy  to  have   been  made  by  a 
native  of  the  Emerald  Isle,  instead  of  a  Virginian, 
naturally  leads  us  to  think  of  the  Irish  bar  during 
the  time  of  Curran,  Grattan,  and  Barrington ;  and 
it  is  doubtful  whether  the  bar  of  that  country  sur- 
passed in  talent  and  brilliancy  that  of  upper  Vir- 
ginia at  the  time  of  which  we  write. 

The  honorable  Judge  William  Daniel,  Sr.  of  the 
Campbell  and  Cumberland  district,  Daniel  Sheffey, 
Colonel  Townes,  of  Pittsylvania,  Judge  William 
Leigh,  of  Halifax,  Peachy  Gilmer,  Christopher  An- 
thony,  Callowhill  Minniss,  and  a  host*  of  others, 


*  Chiswell  Dabxey,  John  Blair  Dabxey,  though  much  the 
juniors  of  those  mentioned  above  ;  Judge  Allan  Taylor,  of 
Botetourt,  in  his  manlj  stature  and  pure  eloquence,  reminding 
us  of  the  great  Burrowes ;  and  in  connection  with  these  distin- 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  59 

each  one  deserving  more  than  a  passing  tribute. 
Of  this  large  circle  only  four  or  five  survive,  and 
amongst  them  an  interesting  volume  might  be  made 
up  from  reminiscences  of  that  period. 

Peachy  Gilmer  was  a  son  of  Dr.  Gilmer,  of 
Albemarle ;  he  was  born  about  the  time  of  the 
breaking  out  of  the  Revolutionary  war,  and  his 
boyhood  was  spent  amid  the  mountains  of  his 
native  county.  He  received  an  excellent  educa- 
tion, and  graduating  with  distinction,  he  studied  for 
the  bar,  and  soon  after  obtaining  a  license,  he  was 
united  in  marriage  to  Mary  House,  of  Connecti- 
cut, a  most  estimable  and  highly  gifted  young  lady. 
They  settled  in  the  county  of  Henry,  then  a  wil- 
derness, and  doubtless  the  cheerful  hopefulness  of 
his  wife's  disposition,  contributed  largely  to  his  ex- 
tensive popularity  and  unbounded  success  in  his 
profession.  After  residing  there  for  a  few  years, 
Mr.  Gilmer  removed  to  the  town  of  Liberty,  in  Bed- 
ford county,  where,  by  a  long  course  of  diligence, 
he  secured  an  independence.     His  house  was  ever 


guished  men,  John  W.  Wills,  at  that  time  clerk  of  the  county, 
but  afterwards  an  eminent  lawyer;  and  just  before  the  abolish- 
ing of  the  chancery  court  sj'stem,  (which,  in  spite  of  the  evils 
disclosed  by  "  Jarndyce  v.  Jarndyce,"  we  still  like,)  the  beloved 
and  lamented  Judge  Thomas  T.  Bouldin,  of  Charlotte,  might 
have  been  called  a  member  of  the  Lynchburg  bar,  as  he  was  a 
constant  attendant  of  the  courts  there  held. 


60  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

the  abode  of  the  most  unbounded  hospitality,  apart 
from  ostentatious  display ;  and  in  the  exercise  of 
his  profession,  Mr.  Gilmer  displayed  the  most 
cheerful  assiduity,  the  very  necessity  for  exertion 
being  esteemed  by  him  as  a  blessing,  calling  health- 
fully into  action  his  mental  and  physical  powers. 
Gratefully  and  affectionately  does  the  retrospective 
thought  carry  us  back  to  those  happy  days  of 
childhood,  when,  under  his  hospitable  roof,  the  pri- 
vilege was  enjoyed  of  witnessing  his  hourly  mani- 
festations of  tender  interest  to  those  around  him, 
and  of  listening  to  his  witty,  brilliant,  intellectual 
conversation,  carried  on  with  other  gifted  spirits, 
who,  too,  have  long  since  passed  away ;.  *  nor  will 
many  of  their  words,  then  spoken,  be  ever  effaced 
from  memory,  though  they  were  heard  years  since, 
far  in  the  past  of  long  ago. 

On  the  death  of  a  relative  in  1829,  Mr.  Gilmer 
became  heir  to  a  large  property  in  Albemarle.  He 
was  now  no  longer  obliged  to  practice  his  profes- 


*  In  the  Summer  of  1828,  a  convention  -was  held  in  Char- 
lottesville for  internal  improvement,  at  which  ex-Presidents 
Madison  and  Monroe,  Chief  Justice  Marshall,  B.  W.  Leigh, 
Chapman  Johnson,  and  other  distinguished  men  were  delegates. 
Peachy  Gilmer,  William  Radford,  Esq.,  James  W.  Pegram,  and 
Christopher  Anthony  were  delegates  from  Bedford  and  Camp- 
bell, and  the  pleasant  remembrance  of  that  occasion  is  clouded 
by  the  thought,  that  of  those  good  men,  "William  Radford,  Esq., 
of  Bedford,  is  the  only  survivor. 


OP  LYNCHBURG.  61 

sion,  and  as  it  was  desirable  for  him  to  live  on  his 
estate,  he  removed  with  his  family  from  the  county 
of  Bedford. 

After  being  settled  in  his  new  abode,  he  missed 
the  pleasant  social  circle  he  had  for  years  been  ac- 
customed to  meet  in  Liberty,  and  a  letter  written 
by  him  shortly  after  this  period  warmly  expresses 
these  feelings — indeed,  he  found  his  associations 
so  linked  with  the  past,  that  the  new  scenes  in 
which  he  now  moved  failed  to  impart  the  happiness 
expected.  His  experience  was  like  that  of  Charles 
Lamb,  who,  when  emancipated  from  the  India 
house,  with  his  time  completely  at  his  own  disposal, 
expressed  himself  as  having  no  holidays.  The 
health  of  Mr.  Gilmer,  about  this  time,  became  im- 
paired, and  he  continued  gradually  to  decline  till 
about  the  year  1836,  when  this  exemplary  man 
and  eminent  lawyer  breathed  his  last,  at  Leigh,  his 
country  seat,  in  the  county  of  Albemarle. 

George  W.  Nelson,  at  that  time  of  the  bar 
of  Lynchburg,  was  a  native  of  the  county  of  Han- 
over, and  a  member  of  the  old  Virginia  family 
of  that  name.  A  qualified  lawyer,  endowed  with 
fine  talents,  and  possessing  a  refined  literary  taste, 
a  gentleman  of  most  kindly  feelings,  yet  was  Mr. 
Nelson  so  deficient  in  suavity  of  manner,  that  he 
failed  to  make  himself  popular.  He  could  not 
follow  the  precept  of  St.  Paul,  and  "  be  all  things 
to  all  men,"  and,  consequently,  to  strangers  he 
6 


62       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

appeared  reserved  and  even  haughty.  Those  who 
knew  well,  and  associated  with  him  in  a  private  cir- 
cle, could  form  a  more  just  estimate  of  his  fine 
qualities,  than  others  could  who  met  him  only  in 
the  courthouse. 

During  the  summer  of  1826,  whilst  on  a  visit  to 
his  relatives  in  the  lower  country,  Mr.  Nelson  he- 
coming  deeply  interested  on  the  subject  of  religion, 
connected  himself  with  the  Episcopal  Church,  aban- 
doning the  profession  of  law  and  studying  for  the 
ministry,  which  he  afterwards  adorned  by  his  zeal, 
piety  and  eloquence.  His  first  visit  to  Lynchburg, 
after  his  change  of  profession,  was  in  the  spring 
of  1835,  during  the  second  Episcopal  Convention, 
held  in  that  place.  An  appointment  having  been 
made  for  him  to  preach  at  the  old  Baptist  Church, 
and  a  crowd  assembling  to  hear  him,  Mr.  Nelson, 
ascending  the  pulpit  after  evening  service,  surveyed 
the  congregation  with  some  natural  trepidation, 
and  feeling  somewhat  nervous  concerning  this,  his 
first  sermon  in  Lynchburg.  Immediately  after 
taking  his  place  in  the  pulpit,  he  felt  himself 
blinded  by  a  shining  body,  and  turning  hastily 
aside,  in  some  agitation,  he  upset  and  broke  a 
glass  of  water,  nearly  losing  his  presence  of 
mind.  Many  of  our  inhabitants  doubtless  remem- 
ber old  Mr.  Norvell,  a  member  of  the  Baptist  con- 
gregation, who  being  very  deaf  was  accommodated 
with  an  elevated  seat  on  a  line  with  the  pulpit,  and 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  63 

who  used  an  enormous  bright  tin  ear  trumpet. 
Rev.  Mr.  Lee,  pastor  of  that  Church,  having  been 
long  accustomed  to  the  vicinity  of  that  tin  body, 
had  not  recollected  to  prepare  Mr.  Nelson  for  its 
appearance. — Mr.  Nelson  married  an  excellent 
young  lady  of  Georgetown,  and  he  was  for  some 
years  the  beloved  pastor  of  the  Episcopal  Church 
of  Clarke  county,  where  he  died  in  the  year  1840, 
his  triumphant  death  bearing  ample  testimony  to 
the  power  of  religion  to  sustain,  in  that  solemn 
hour,  the  steadfast  believer. 

James  W.  Pegram,  a  native  of  Petersburg,  set- 
tling in  Lynchburg  in  1826,  was  a  brilliant  addition 
to  the  bar  of  that  place.  Bright  and  pleasing 
memories  of  the  past  are  so  closely  linked  with 
James  W.  Pegram,  that  one  solely  dependant  on 
memory  can  scarce  define  his  character,  or  seize 
on  any  one  prominent  trait.  Elegant  in  manners 
and  personal  appearance,  brilliant  in  conversation, 
and  of  a  disposition  most  affectionate,  one  would 
not  long  be  in  his  society  without  a  feeling  of  re- 
gret at  not  having  sooner  formed  his  acquaintance. 
In  striking  contrast  to  the  talented  Nelson,  Pegram 
possessed  that  nice,  ready  tact,  that  blest  capacity 
of  adapting  himself  to  others,  and  causing  them  to 
shine  in  discourse,  by  leading  them  to  speak  on 
subjects  with  which  they  were  well  acquainted. 

Whether  in  his  gallant  military  uniform,  or  in 
citizen's  dress,  his  manly  form  was  graceful   and 


64       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

elegant.  He  was  very  successful  in  the  practice 
of  his  profession ;  but  on  his  marriage  with  Miss 
Johnston,  in  1828,  he  removed  to  Petersburg,  con- 
tinuing to  increase  his  reputation  as  a  lawyer. 
Being  appointed  President  of  the  Bank  of  Vir- 
ginia in  Richmond,  he  removed  to  that  city,  and 
whilst  in  the  bloom  of  manhood  and  arrived  at  the 
zenith  of  prosperity  and  domestic  happiness,  he 
was  called  from  home  to  the  Western  States  on 
business  connected  with  the  banking  institution  to 
which  he  was  attached. 

After  a  prosperous  journey,  he  was  returning 
home,  buoyant  with  health  and  glad  expectation  of 
again  meeting  his  beloved  circle  at  home,  taking 
passage  on  the  ill-fated  steamboat,  the  "  Lucy 
Walker ' '  which  was  blown  up  on  the  Ohio  river, 
with  nearly  every  passenger  on  board.  One  saved 
from  the  wreck,  told  that  to  the  last  James  Pe- 
gram  was  endeavoring  to  save  the  lives  of  others, 
and  that  when  last  seen  he  was  making  efforts  to 
save  the  lives  of  ladies  and  children.  As  he  had 
lived,  so  died  this  noble-hearted,  chivalrous  man, 
ever  mindful  to  the  last  of  others,  thus  sacrificing 
his  valuable  life  in  unavailing  efforts  to  rescue  his 
fellow-passengers. 

Major  James  B.  Risque,  also  a  member  of  the 
bar  at  this  time,  was  a  remarkable  man.  Both  in 
personal  character  and  professional  career,  a  strik- 
ing  parallel   exists    between    himself    and   James 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  65 

Philips  of  Dublin,  who  was  called  to  the  Irish  bar 
in  1812.  The  reputation  of  Major  Risque  as  a 
criminal  lawyer  in  the  first  outset  of  his  career, 
and  his  undisputed  bravery,  concur  in  placing  him 
along  side  of  this  remarkable  Irish  barrister.  It  is 
said  that  in  his  youth  Major  Risque  was  a  rival  and 
competitor  at  the  bar,  with  Mr.  Wickham  and  other 
distinguished  lawyers.  It  is  a  well  established  fact 
that  he  was  a  very  brave  man,  not  at  all  afraid  of 
pistols,  which,  at  the  present  day,  would  be  saying 
a  great  deal  for  any  man.  During  his  residence  in 
Fincastle  he  fought  several  duels,  in  one  of  which 
he  was  shot  entirely  through  the  body,  a  silk  hand- 
kerchief being  drawn  entirely  through  him. 

He  married  a  beautiful  woman,  a  Miss  Kennedy, 
who  was  a  sister  of  Mrs.  General  Clarke.  Being 
left  a  widower  whilst  quite  a  young  man,  he  de- 
voted himself  most  affectionately  to  the  rearing  and 
educating  his  three  children.  For  many  years  he 
resided  in  the  large  house  now  occupied  by  the 
Misses  Gordon  as  a  seminary.  He  died  about  17 
years  since,  at  an  advanced  age.  His  family  sur- 
vive him ;  his  daughters,  Mrs.  Ward  and  Mrs.  Hut- 
ter,  residing  in  the  vicinity  of  Lynchburg,  and  his 
son  Ferdinand  Risque,  Esq.,  being  a  citizen  of 
Georgetown,  D.  C. 


Go  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

Samuel  Bransford. — In  connection  with  the 
court  and  bar  of  Lynchburg,  may  properly  be 
mentioned  Samuel  Bransford,  for  many  years 
the  able  and  efficient  Sergeant  of  the  corporation 
of  that  place.  This  excellent  man  being  by  nature 
peculiarly  adapted  to  his  office,  adhered  with  un- 
shrinking fidelity  to  its  duties,  regardless  alike  of 
their  difficulty  or  painfulness.  Though  not  of  large 
stature,  his  presence  had  a  magical  effect  in  dispel- 
ling a  mob  ;  and  there  was  something  in  the  very 
expression  of  his  eye,  which  caused  even  the  most 
rebellious  to  submit.  On  one  occasion,  a  desperate 
man,  well  armed,  was  holding  at  bay  the  sheriff 
and  several  police  officers.  Information  of  this 
state  of  affairs  being  conveyed  to  Samuel  Bransford, 
he  immedietely  walked  up  to  the  offender,  glancing 
fiercely  at  him,  and  saying,  "You  audacious  rascal, 
how  dare  you  rebel  against  the  laws  of  your 
country?"  The  man  instantly  ceased  resistance, 
and  delivered  himself  up  quietly  to  the  officer. 

Once  only,  in  the  recollection  of  the  Oldest  In- 
habitant, was  this  energetic  man  baffled.  It  was 
told  him  that  a  party  of  gentlemen  were  convened 
in  the  ball-room  of  the  hotel,  engaged  in  card- 
playing.  Accordingly,  Mr.  Bransford  stationed 
himself  at  the  door,  which  was  locked  and  barred. 
He  had  several  attendant  officers  with  him,  and 
a   posse    stationed   in   the    street   under    the    end 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  67 

window,  to  prevent  the  escape  of  the  delinquents 
by  that  outlet.  For  many  hours  Mr.  Bransford 
waited,  and  watched  most  patiently :  to  his  sur- 
prise, no  one  even  attempting  to  come  out.  At 
length,  the  hum  of  suppressed  voices  in  the  room 
entirely  subsided,  and  all  was  silent.  Unable  to 
account  for  this,  the  door  was  now  forced,  and 
there  stood  the  chairs,  tables  and  glasses,  just  as 
they  had  been  left,  and  the  party  had  made  their 
escape  by  cutting  their  way  through  the  ceiling, 
making  there  a  passage  through  to  an  upper  room ; 
and,  one  by  one,  they  had  quietly  descended  the 
stair-case,  passing  Mr.  Bransford  at  the  door  of  the 
ball-room,  and,  descending  the  steps  leading  to  the 
first  floor,  they  went  forth  to  their  several  homes. 
His  ability  and  firmness  commanded  the  greatest 
respect,  even  from  the  evil-doers  who  viewed  with 
terror  his  approach.  Regarding  him  with  almost 
a  superstitious  reverence,  they  actually  believed 
that  Mr.  Bransford  could  control  the  elements,  and 
reduce  them  to  proper  order,  when  out  of  the 
course  of  nature.  There  are  many  now  in  Lynch- 
burg, who  well  remember  that  memorable  night 
in  November,  1833,  when  the  inhabitants  of  Lynch- 
burg were  so  much  terrified  at  what  was  called  the 
"falling  stars."  Many  enlightened  persons  were 
not  a  little  afraid,  whilst  multitudes  of  the  poor 
and  ignorant  fled  to  the  residence  of  Mr.  Bransford 
for  protection,  thinking  that  the  day  of  judgment 


68  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

was    at   hand,    and    that   he   alone,    of   all   living 
persons,  could  protect  them. 

Nor  was  it  only  in  his  civil  and  public  capacity, 
that  this  good  and  honest  man  was  eminent.  In 
his  family,  most  kind  and  affectionate ;  in  the 
Methodist  Church,  of  which  he  was  a  devoted 
member,  most  prompt  in  good  works  ;  and,  by  his 
zeal  and  energy,  greatly  aiding  in  the  formation 
and  growth  of  the  Church  in  Lynchburg,  where 
he  lived  beloved  and   respected  till  his  death. 

Mr.  Bransford  married  a  Miss  Walton,  of  Buck- 
ingham, a  lady  of  great  worth  and  usefelness. 
She  survived  her  husband  some  years,  and  died  in 
the  city  of  Lynchburg.  Of  the  family  of  Samuel 
Bransford,  three  members  survive  : — Alfred  Brans- 
ford,  Esq.,  of  Lynchburg,  and  Mrs.  John  H.  Tyree, 
of  its  vicinity,  and  John  William  Bransford,  Esq., 
of  Richmond.  Mrs.  Charles  Hudson,  the  second 
daughter,  was  a  very  lovely  woman,  with  a  cast 
of  features  and  expression  of  countenance  strongly 
resembling  the  portraits  of  Letitia  Landon.  Her 
sweet  grave  face,  the  bright  intellectual  expression 
of  her  large  black  eyes,  the  refined  simplicity  of 
her  dress,  and  her  graceful  movements,  will  ever 
be  remembered  with  pleasure  and  interest  in  her 
native  town.  She  died  in  the  city  of  New  York, 
far  from  friends  and  home ;  but  her  remains  repose 
in  the  Presbyterian  graveyard  of  Lynchburg, 
where  a  splendid  monument  marks  the  spot. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  09 

Samuel  Bransford,  Jr.,  was  a  young  man  of 
great  promise,  graduating  at  West  Point,  with 
high  honors.  After  his  graduation,  he  was  honored 
with  the  position  of  Assistant  Professor  of  Mathe- 
matics, at  West  Point,  and  met  his  death,  while 
exercising  a  fiery  horse  on  the  parade  ground.  He 
is  buried  at  West  Point.  His  memory  is  kindly 
cherished  by  friends  and  classmates  in  Lynchburg. 


"  Revenge,  my  friends !  revenge  and  the  natural  hatred 
of  scoundrels,  and  the  ineradicable  tendency  to  revanclier 
one's  self  upon  thern,  and  pay  them  what  they  have  mer- 
ited :  This  is  forever  more  a  correct  and  a  divine  feeling 
in  the  mind  of  every  man." 

Thomas  Carlyle. 

Immediately  in  rear  of  the  old  courthouse,  stood 
the  whipping  post,  pillory  and  wretched  old  jail, 
any  one  of  these  three  objects  being  sufficient  to 
disgrace  the  town.  The  jail  was  built  of  hewn  logs 
and  consisted  of  two  rooms,  one  above  the  other, 
without  fire-places,  and  appeared  to  have  been 
planned  and  erected  after  Mr.  Carlyle's  own  ideas. 
Now,  a  medium  is  desirable  between  that  philan- 
throphy,  which  causes  the  imprisoned  offender  to 
be  better  lodged,  clothed  and  fed,  than  the  hard 
working,  industrious  day-laborer,  and  that  excessive 
severity  in  prison  discipline,  advocated  by  Thomas 


70  SKETCHES   AND   EECOLLECTIONS 

Carlyle.  Doubtless  the  prison  discipline  of  the 
present  day  has  arrived  at  this  happy  medium,  and 
it  is   not  here  the  intention  to  discuss  that  matter. 

The  old  jail  must  have  been  very  insecure,  and 
it  is  a  matter  of  wonder,  that  prisoners  did  not 
more  frequently  make  their  escape.  The  lower 
room  being  used  for  criminals  of  the  worst  descrip- 
tion, the  upper  apartment  was  kept  for  disorderly 
persons,  and  was,  also,  used  as  a  temporary  place 
of  safety  for  maniacs.  An  unfortunate  free  col- 
ored man  named  Archie  Cooper,  being  subject  to 
periodical  attacks  of  insanity,  was  often  placed 
there,  and  crowds  frequently  assembled  outside  the 
jail,  to  listen  to  his  eloquent  prayers  and  exhorta- 
tions— for  when  to  his  mental  vision  all  else  was  dim 
and  clouded,  the  glorious  light  of  the  gospel  shone 
into  his  soul,  enlightening  with  a  ray  of  hope,  his 
dark  and  gloomy  pathway. 

Not  unfrequently  might  be  seen,  on  the  side- 
walks, persons  in  a  state  of  intoxication.  This 
class  found,  also,  at  the  jail  an  asylum,  being  es- 
corted to  that  edifice  by  their  polite  and  faithful 
friend  Mr.  Mason,  who  perambulated  the  streets  of 
the  town  with  a  most  expressive  stick,  his  move- 
ments being  a  counter-part  of  those  of  Mr.  Inspec- 
tor Bucket,  the  detective  agent.  Very  often  a 
large  group  of  school  children  would  repair  to  the 
jail  after  the  hours  of  recitation,  and  they  would 
make  a  signal  to  the  prisoners,  who  would   send 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  71 

down  a  telegraph  twine,  to  which  the  children 
below  would  attach  a  basket  containing  biscuit, 
confectionery,  pastry  and  various  other  little 
comforts. 

Lynchburg  has  enjoyed  a  very  unenviable  repu- 
tation abroad,  having  been  called  a  wicked,  dissi- 
pated place;  but  those  charges  can  scarcely  be  just; 
for  during  a  residence  of  19  years  in  that  place, 
the  writer  only  recollects  two  persons  there  impris- 
oned for  murder.  A  person  named  Joseph  Cohen 
killed  a  man,  and  being  found  guilty  of  manslaugh- 
ter, he  was  for  a  term  of  years  sent  to  the  peniten- 
tiary. On  being  released  from  confinement,  he 
returned  to  Lynchburg,  establishing  himself  on  the 
Richmond  road,  at  a  little  place  called  since  that 
time  by  the  name  of  "  Cohensville."  The  circum- 
stances attending  the  murder  of  Hamilton  by  John 
M.  Jones,  are  too  well  known  and  remembered  in 
Lynchburg,  to  be  here  discussed.  Jones  was  im- 
prisoned in  the  new  stone  jail  for  15  months,  and 
before  the  close  of  this  period  many  inhabitants 
signed  a  petition  to  the  Governor  requesting  his 
pardon,  but  to  no  avail.  Jones  was  an  exceedingly 
handsome  man,  rivalling  in  beauty  the  famous 
Gilderoy,  and  like  him  meeting  the  fate  of 

"  Hanging  high  above  the  rest." 

He  met  his  doom  with  great  firmness,  saying  that 
he  sorely  repented  his  past  sins,  trusting  alone  for 


72       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

pardon  to  Jesus  Christ.  After  he  was  suspended 
in  the  air,  the  rope  broke,  giving  him  a  tremendous 
fall.  The  unfortunate  man,  rising  to  his  feet, 
called  for  water,  saying,  "  for  God's  sake  tie  the 
rope  tight  this  time."  Sympathy  now  inclines  us 
to  think  that  he  ought  to  have  been  pardoned,  and 
that,  having  been  hung  once,  was  quite  sufficient. 
Had  his  life  only  been  spared  one  hour  after  his 
fall,  a  few  moments  conversation  with  him  would 
greatly  have  enlightened  the  medical  and  scientific 
world,  and  relieved  mankind  in  general  of  that 
intense  curiosity  felt  respecting  the  sensations  of  a 
man  who  had  been  hung.  He  might  have  been 
permitted  to  make  his  home  on  some  far  distant 
shore,  where  he  was  unknown,  untaunted  and  free 
from  all  those  persecutions  experienced  by  the  man 
who  had  been  hung,  and  whose  wretched  condition 
is  so  quaintly  and  even  humorously  described  by 
Charles  Lamb. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  73 


MRS.    MARGARET    DANIEL. 

"  The  world  is  filled  with  the  voices  of  the  dead. 
Sweet  and  solemn  voices  are  they,  speaking  with  un- 
earthly authority,  coming  back  to  us  as  the  messages  of 
angels.  And  when  the  business  of  daily  life  is  for  a 
while  suspended,  and  its  cares  are  put  to  rest,  nay,  often 
in  the  midst  of  the  world's  tumult,  their  voices  float 
down  clearly  and  distinctly  from  heaven,  and  say  to  their 
own,  'Conie  up  hither.'" 

Isabel,  or  Influence. 

Mrs.  Margaret  Daniel,  wife  of  the  late  Hon- 
orable Judge  William  Daniel,  and  daughter  of  Dr. 
Baldwin,  was  born  in  Winchester,  Frederick  county, 
about  the  year  1786.  Her  father  was  a  gentleman 
of  high  standing,  eminent  alike  for  his  domestic 
virtues  and  his  skill  in  medicine.  From  earlj  child- 
hood, she  was  the  friend  and  companion  of  her 
father,  imbibing  his  feelings  on  most  subjects,  and 
learning  from  him  to  take  prompt  and  decisive 
measures  in  all  emergencies.  Her  education  being 
carefully  attended  to  by  her  father,  and  every 
advantage  given   her  that  could  at   that  time  be 


74       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

obtained,  it  is  no  matter  of  surprise,  that  as  she 
grew  up,  her  mind  was  remarkable  for  its  brilliancy 
and  cultivation.  Endowed  likewise  with  personal 
beauty*  and  elegance,  it  is  but  seldom  that  so  many 
gifts  have  so  perfectly  harmonized  in  the  character 
of  one  individual. 

She  sympathized  so  with  her  beloved  parent,  in 
the  pursuits  incident  to  his  profession,  that  she 
would  often  accompany  him  to  the  bed-side  of  the 
sick  and  dying,  materially  aiding  him  by  her  timely 
suggestions ;  and  in  times  of  prevailing  epidemics, 
she  would  find  books  of  reference  for  him,  and 
cases  bearing  a  similitude  to  those  under  his  care. 
Applying  herself  to  find  out  remedies  to  re- 
lieve the  sick,  ere  she  had  attained  womanhood, 
Miss  Margaret  Baldwin  was  a  most  accomplished 
nurse,  and  an  efficient  and  faithful  friend  to  the 
sick  and  afflicted.  When  scarcely  seventeen  years 
old,  she  was  married  to  Judge  William  Daniel, 
bringing  to  her  husband  a  rich  dowry  in  those 
splendid,  shining  qualities  for  which  she  was  so 
remarkable.  Settling  in  the  county  of  Cumberland, 
she  there  made  a  home  alike  distinguished  for  its 
elegance  and  hospitality. 

To  her  graces  and  accomplishments  was  added  a 


*A  portrait  of  this  lovely  woman  -was  taken  in  crayon  by 
Harvey  Mitchell,  Esq.,  and  a  few  years  since  it  might  have  been 
seen  at  Union  Hill,  the  residence  of  Mayo  Cabell,  Esq. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  75 

brave  spirit,  which  enabled  her  to  meet  and  con- 
front danger  with  a  firm  heart  and  an  unfaltering 
voice.  During  their  residence  in  Cumberland, 
Judge  Daniel  was  called  unexpectedly  from  home, 
leaving  only  Mrs.  Daniel  and  a  family  of  small 
children.  In  the  night,  being  awakened  by  a  noise, 
Mrs.  Daniel  perceived  by  the  moon-beams  the  figure 
of  a  man  entering  the  house  by  one  of  the  windows. 
Judge  Daniel  had  left  a  large  sum  of  money  in  his 
escritoir,  and  as  it  had  been  received  on  the  pre- 
vious day  at  court,  it  is  not  improbable  that  this  cir- 
cumstance was  generally  known.  Presuming  that 
the  man  had  come  for  the  purpose  of  plunder,  Mrs. 
Daniel  instantly  arose,  and  taking  down  Judge 
Daniel's  gun,  walked  directly  up  to  the  man,  say- 
ing, "What  are  you  seeking  here?  Go  instantly, 
sir,  and  if  you  prolong  your  stay  one  instant, 
I  will  shoot  you  dead!'  The  cowardly  man  fled 
with  precipitation,  and  Mrs.  Daniel,  after  calling 
up  her  servants  to  find  whether  any  one  else  was 
lurking  about,  retired  again  to  rest,  deeply  thank- 
ful to  the  Giver  of  all  good  that  her  young  family 
and  herself  had  been  preserved  from  the  robber 
and  probably  the  assassin. 

About  the  year  1819  Judge  Daniel  removed  to 
Lynchburg,  his  gifted  wife  rapidly  making  friends 
in  that  place,  and  acquiring  there  an  influence 
which  will  long  be  felt  in  the  families  who  enjoyed 
the  privilege  of  her  friendship.     After  organizing 


76       SKETCHES  AND  KECOLLECTIONS 

her  household,  she  set  out  to  find  ways  of  doing 
good  and  means  of  benefiting  the  sick  and  indigent. 
Opportunities  were  not  wanting  for  the  exercise  of 
her  benevolent  feelings,  for  Lynchburg  was  at  that 
time  the  abode  of  some  of  the  most  wretched  and 
destitute  white  families.  It  is  not  surprising  that 
such  a  woman  should  have  nursed  and  tended  those 
in  the  same  enlightened  sphere  in  which  she  moved; 
but  when  we  reflect  that  she  would  leave  her  own 
comfortable  home,  regardless  of  rain  and  storm, 
to  visit  quietly  the  lowliest  dwellings,  and  there  to 
watch  by  the  couch  of  the  sick  and  dying,  this  in- 
deed excites  our  warmest  admiration.  Howard,  the 
philanthropist,  visited  the  prisons  of  Europe,  greatly 
ameliorating  the  condition  of  their  inmates,  but 
even  his  most  partial  biographers  have  not  been 
able  to  deny  that  he  was  but  an  indifferent  domestic 
character,  a  tyrannical  husband,  and  a  father  most 
culpably  negligent  of  his  only  son.  So  that  it  is 
easy  to  be  perceived,  that  the  traits  of  great  public 
characters  do  not  always  harmonize,  in  such  way  as 
to  produce  a  character  we  can  love  and  reverence  in 
all  of  its  bearings.  But  in  Mrs.  Daniel  we  behold 
a  woman  fulfilling  the  commands  of  our  Saviour, 
doing  good  in  the  most  quiet,  unobtrusive  way,  and 
constantly  seeking  out  for  objects  of  charity,  at- 
tending diligently  to  the  ways  of  her  household, 
whilst  tendejly  anxious  and  careful  in  rearing  up 
her  children. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  77 

Happy  the  children  of  such  a  parent,  happy  the 
husband  of  such  a  woman,  and  thrice  blest  were  the 
domestics  who  were  guided  and  governed  by  her 
wise,  just  and  mild  sway. 

During  her  residence  in  the  house  now  occupied 
by  Dr.  James  Saunders,  Mrs.  Daniel  met  with  a 
severe  domestic  affliction  in  the  death  of  her  daugh- 
ter Margaret,  a  lovely  child  of  five  years  old.  For 
a  time  overwhelmed,  she  could  not  feel  submissive 
or  resigned,  but  ere  the  lapse  of  many  weeks,  she 
aroused  herself  from  the  torpor  of  grief,  having 
been  made  sensible  that  its  excessive  indulgence 
was  sinful,  as  well  as  unfavorable  for  the  execution 
of  any  plan  for  the  benefit  of  others  ;  and  soon  she 
found  comfort  in  administering  to  the  suffering  in 
her  own  neighborhood,  and  not  unfrequently  was 
her  own  grief  moderated  in  alleviating  the  woes  of 
others. 


"  Tread  softly — bow  the  head, 
In  reverent  silence  bow, 
No  passing  bell  doth  toll — 
Yet  an  immortal  soul 
Is  passing  now. 

"  Beneath  that  beggar's  roof, 

Lo  !  Death  doth  keep  his  state  ; 
Enter — no  cowards  attend — 
Enter — no  guards  defend 
This  palace  gate." 

Mrs.  Southey. 


78       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

An  indigent  family  lived  in  a  small  tenement  by 
the  side  of  Mrs.  Daniel's  yard  and  garden.  The 
"wretched  wife  and  mother  languished  on  a  bed  of 
sickness.  Mrs.  Daniel  prepared  her  food,  admin- 
istered her  medicines,  and  did  all  she  could  to 
enlighten  the  unfortunate  woman  on  the  subject  of 
a  future  state.  Death  soon  liberating  the  sufferer, 
Mrs.  Daniel,  with  thoughtful  and  tender  care, 
provided  for  her  the  snowy  habiliments  of  the 
grave. 

About  the  year  1822,  Mrs.  Daniel  moved  to 
the  large  brick  building  then  owned  by  William 
Lynch,  and  since  used  as  a  temporary  college. 
Soon  becoming  acquainted  with  the  wants  of  her 
present  neighborhood,  she  was  ever  ready  to  extend 
the  hand  of  sympathy.*  Having  recovered,  in  a 
measure,  from  the  death  of  her  daughter,  her  health 
now  restored,  she,  for  several  years,  rejoiced  in  a 
genial  atmosphere  of  prosperity.  The  death  of 
her  youngest  son  was  another  lesson  of  mortality, 
coming  as  a  voice  to  remind  her  of  the  vanishing 
nature  of  earthly  happiness.  During  the  summer 
of  1825,  her  household  was  gladdened  by  a  visit 
from  a  beloved  sister  and  her  family,  and  the  gene- 
rous  heart  of  Mrs.   Daniel   expanded  in  all   the 


*  The  interesting   invalids,  William  and  Jane  Lynch,  were 
her  peculiar  care. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  79 

delights  of  sisterly  intercourse.  It  was  during  the 
absence  of  Judge  Daniel,  at  his  circuit  court  in 
Cumberland,  on  the  night  of  —  October,  the  sum- 
mons came  suddenly  at  midnight,  and  the  terrified 
young  family  were  aroused  from  rest,  to  behold 
their  beloved  mother  in  the  agonies  of  death.  We 
would  fain  throw  a  veil  over  the  scenes  of  the 
next  few  days — the  grief  of  her  children,  the 
anguish  of  the  husband's  return  to  his  desolate 
home ;  but,  through  the  lapse  of  years,  the  im- 
pression of  confused  and  hurried  scenes  of  woe,  is 
as  vivid  as  is  the  tender  and  grateful  remembrance 
of  the  many  virtues  of  this  noble-hearted  woman : 

"  Tell  them,  it  is  an  awful  thing  to  die, 

('Twas  even  so  to  thee  ;)  but  the  dread  path  once  trod, 
Heaven  lifts  her  everlasting  portals  high, 

And  bids  the  pure  in  heart  behold  their  God  !" 


A  few  years  after  this  mournful  event,  the  man- 
sion of  Judge  Daniel  was  thrown  open  for  a  large 
assemblage,  unshadowed  with  gloom.  On  the  night 
of  —  December,  1827,  the  young,  the  old,  the 
grave,  the  gay  and  the  beautiful,  thither  hasted,  to 
witness  the  bridal  of  Eliza,  the  lovely  and  gentle 
girl,  the  pride  and  delight  of  the  circle  in  which 
she  moved.  She  had  given  her  young  heart  to 
William  Lewis  Cabell,  and,  as  they  stood  before 
the  venerable  Minister,  one  was  reminded  of  the 
delicate   clematis    in  its  native  grace  and  beauty 


80  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

clinging  to  the  wild,  dark  forest  oak.  His  splendid 
dark  eyes,  hair  and  Spanish  complexion,  afforded 
a  striking  contrast  to  her  fair  complexion,  brown 
hair,  and  laughing  blue  eyes.  A  smooth,  unclouded 
journey  seemed  to  lay  before  them;  and,  to  add,  if 
possible,  to  the  tenderness  and  romance  of  this  at- 
tachment, they  were  to  live  in  a  cottage — the  stately 
mansion  on  his  beautiful  estate  having  been  leased 
for  a  term  of  years  previous  to  his  marriage  engage- 
ment. They  even  rejoiced  at  this;  for  they  felt  that 
there  would  be  less  to  keep  them  asunder,  in  a  small, 
simple  abode  than  in  a  large  dwelling:  For  them, 

"  There  was  no  home  in  halls  of  pride  !" 

For  more  than  two  years  they  resided  in  their  cot- 
tage; the  lease  of  his  mansion  having  then  expired, 
the  building  was  put  into  a  complete  state  of  re- 
pair and  newly  fitted  up,  and  the  young  husband 
and  wife,  leaving  their  simple  abode,  took  posses- 
sion of  the  mansion-house.  But,  alas  !  in  a  brief 
space,  without  any  warning,  a  hereditary  predis- 
position, consumption,  claimed  William  Lewis  Cabell 
for  its  victim.  Medical  aid  was  in  vain  ;  hastily 
they  journeyed  to  the  Red  Sulphur  Springs,  but 
the  waters  only  accelerated  the  disease,  and,  early 
in  the  summer  of  1830,  he  there  breathed  his  last. 
Eliza  had  always  said  that  she  could  not  survive 
her  husband,  and  truly  prophetic  were  her  words  ; 
for,  from    the  hour  of  his    death,  life  was   to   her 


01*  LYNCHBUHG.  81 

a  torture ; — the  persons  whom  they  had  met,  the 
scenes  which  together  they  had  visited,  the  sound 
of  military  music  that  had  been  the  signal  for  his 
appearing  in  the  uniform  in  which,  with  girlish 
pride,  she  had  so  admired  him, — all  these  were 
perfect  agony  to  her,  and  she  entreated  that  she 
might  be  borne  away  from  a  place  where  every 
object  so  forcibly  reminded  her  of  what  she  had 
lost.  Her  request  was  complied  with,  and  she  was 
carried  to  the  home  of  her  sister,  in  the  county  of 
Nelson,  where,  in  a  short  time,  the  fatal  spot  ap- 
peared on  her  pale  cheek,  followed  by  a  cough. 
Who  that  saw  her  at  that  time,  could  have  recog- 
nized the  blooming  bride  and  happy  wife,  so  lately 
at  the  summit  of  earthly  happiness !  Insidiously  and 
rapidly  did  the  disease  advance,  and,  ere  the  grass 
had  waved,  or  the  wild-flowers  had  bloomed,  over 
the  grave  of  the  husband,  his  gentle  wife  had  joined 
him  in  the  world  of  spirits ! 

"Departed  this  life,*  on  Tuesday,  the  26th  instant, 
at  Union  Hill,  the  residence  of  Mayo  Cabell,  Esq.,  in 
the  county  of  Nelson,  Mrs.  Eliza  B.  Cabell,  relict  of 
William  Lewis   Cabell,  deceased,  late  of  Lynchburg,  in 


*  Since  'writing  the  above,  the  obituary  was  sent  from  Lynch- 
burg by  one  who  dearly  loved  the  deceased,  and  who  has 
preserved  the  notice  carefully,  though  quite  a  child  at  the  time 
of  Mrs.  W.  L.  Cabell's  death. 


82  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

the  21st  year  of  her  age.     When  the  aged  and  helpless 
pilgrim,  who,  with  sorrowing  steps,  has  toiled  through 
life's  painful  journey,  alternately  sipping  the  bitter  cup 
of    human    misfortune,    and    culling     the    few   scanty 
flowerets  of  enjoyment  which  are  strewed  along  his  path, 
full  of  years  and  full  of  infirmities,  bids    adieu  to    the 
world's  fleeting  scenes,  and  sinks  down  forever  into  the 
last  sad  receptacle  of  humanity,  we   are  oppressed  with 
sorrow,  and   tears  of  affliction   fill   our  eyes !     But  our 
sorrow  is  mitigated,  and  our  tears  are  dried  up,  by  the 
reflection,  that  such  is  the  inevitable  fate  of  man, — such 
is  the  dreadful  penalty  which  he  owes  to  the  violated 
law  of  his   Creator.     But   when  the  young,  the    lovely 
and  beautiful, — when  they  for  whose  fruition  life  seemed 
to  be  just  unfolding  its  fairest  prospects, — to  whose  en- 
raptured gaze  the  spring-time  of  existence  had   hardly 
disclosed  its  verdant  and  enchanting  beauties, — are  sud- 
denly snatched  away  in  the  midst  of  youth  and  loveli- 
ness;— then,  indeed,  is  the   cup   of  anguish  presented, 
from  which  we  recoil  with  horror — tears  fill  our  eyes, 
which  scald  as  they  fall  on  our  cheeks,  and  sorrow  inex- 
pressible burthens  our  hearts.     The  kindly  sympathy  of 
friendship  is  forgotten  and  disregarded.     Time,  and  time 
alone,  can  soften  and  alleviate  our  affliction.     Such  are 
the  feelings  inspired  by  the  death  of  the  interesting  lady 
whose  memory  is  designed  to  be  respected  by  this  brief 
notice.    Young,  lovely  and  beautiful — possessed  of  every 
charm  that  graces  her  sex,  and   every  accomplishment 
which  renders  it  irresistible ; — surrounded  by  affectionate 
friends  and  relatives — furnished  with  every  blessing  that 
can  gild  the  path  of  life,  and  smooth  its  rugged  asperi- 


OP  LYNCHBURG.  83 

ties, — she  seemed  to  be  formed  by  Heaven,  as  its  own 
especial  favorite,  designed  for  happiness — happiness  here 
and  hereafter.  But  unsearchable  and  mysterious  are  the 
ways  of  Providence !  The  tie  which  bound  her  to  life, 
seemed  to  have  been  burst  asunder  by  the  death  of  her  hus- 
band; and,  clinging  to  his  memory  with  a  constancy  of 
affection  peculiar  to  herself,  she  slowly  and  gradually 
declined,  until,  like  the  tender  vine  torn  from  the  staff  to 
which  it  clings,  she  drooped  and  sunk  to  the  tomb,  a  monu- 
ment of  female  loveliness  and  conjugal  affection.  Such  is 
life.  The  fair  flower  which  bloomed  but  yesterday  in 
matchless  beauty,  to-day  is  cut  down  and  withered  forever. 
The  sylph-like  form  that  lately  moved  among  us,  full  of 
grace,  full  of  sweetness,  is  now  encircled  in  the  cold,  icy 
embrace  of  death  !  What  a  commentary  on  the  vanity  of 
all  human  happiness  !  How  faithfully  does  it  prove  the 
slender  tenure  by  which  all  earthly  enjoyments  are  held, 
and  speak  to  us  in  tones  which  we  cannot  disregard, 
the  solemn  warning — that,  '  In  the  midst  of  life,  we  are 
in  death !' " 


84  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 


THE   IRVINE   FAMILY. 

"  A  lighted  lamp  is  a  very  small  thing,  and  it  burns 

calmly  and  without  noise ;  yet  it  giveth  light  to  all  who 

are  within  the  house  :    And  so  there  is  a  quiet  influence, 

which,  like  the   flame  of  a  scented  lamp,  fills  many  a 

home  with  light  and  fragrance." 

M'Cheyne. 

Charles  Irvine  was  a  native  of  Ireland,  and 
a  member  of  one  of  the  first  families  of  the  Eme- 
rald Isle.  Emigrating  to  America,  he  became  the 
husband  of  Anne  Rose,  a  daughter  of  Hugh  Rose, 
Esq.,  of  Amherst.  Mr.  Irvine  was  a  liberal,  high- 
minded,  gentlemanly  man,  hospitable  in  the  extreme, 
and  fond  of  cultivating  all  those  arts  which  embellish 
life,  particularly  music,  which  was  necessary  to  his 
enjoyment ;  so  that  he  spared  no  pains  or  expense, 
in  giving  to  his  daughters  every  advantage  calculat- 
ed to  perfect  them  in  that  science. 

Mary  Irvine,  the  eldest  daughter,  was  a  very 
beautiful  and  accomplished  woman,  and  for  several 
years  she  held  the  pre-eminence  over  all  her  con- 
temporaries in  the  circle  in  which  she  moved ;  and 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  85 

it  was  said  that  more  than  one  duel  had  been  fought 
by  rival  competitors  for  her  hand.  During  her 
girlhood,  she  was  the  occasion  of  an  accident  which 
well-nigh  resulted  in  a  very  tragic  manner.  Her 
father  was  rubbing  and  polishing  some  old  pistols, 
which  for  a  long  time  had  laid  in  his  desk.  Calling 
to  his  daughters,  who  were  standing  by,  to  take 
them  in  their  hands,  he  said  to  them :  "  With  the 
exception  of  Mary,  I  have  not  a  daughter  with  the 
least  courage  or  bravery !"  Whereupon,  Mary 
seized  one  of  the  pistols,  laughingly  pointing  it  at 
her  mother,  then  at  Matilda,  her  sister,  when,  to 
the  horror  of  all  present,  the  pistol  went  off,  and 
Matilda  fell  to  the  ground  apparently  dead.  Rush- 
ing out  of  the  house,  Mary  went,  she  knew  not 
whither,  and  she  had  no  recollection  of  anything, 
till  she  found  herself  in  the  house  of  a  friend  on 
Main  street,  with  the  family  around  her  endeavoring 
to  find  out  the  cause  of  her  agonized  grief.  By 
almost  a  miracle,  Matilda's  life  was  preserved,  by 
means  of  a  surgical  operation.  There  had  been, 
previous  to  this  accident,  a  very  peculiar  attach- 
ment subsisting  between  these  two  sisters ;  but  after 
this  time  the  cord  seemed  strengthened,  and,  on 
the  part  of  Mary,  this  sisterly  affection  became 
almost  idolatry. 

Mary  Irvine,  in  1814,  became  the  wife  of  Samuel 
Anthony,  Esq.,  and  her  fine  traits  expanded,  adorn- 
ing the  state  of  wife  and   mother.     Her   lot   was 
8 


86       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

smooth  and  unclouded,  till  the  year  1819,  when  the 
pecuniary  pressure  occasioned  to  them  a  reverse 
as  great  as  that  experienced  by  many  others  in 
Lynchburg.  It  was  then  that  her  sterling  qualities 
shone  conspicuously,  whilst  her  mental  resources 
still  further  developed  themselves.  Thus  may  it 
not  be  considered  that  trials  are  frequently  our 
best  friends;  and  that  they  are  one  of  the  phases 
of  our  mortal  existence,  designed  for  our  good, 
by  the  Author  of  our  salvation,  who  "  was  made 
perfect  through  suffering" — and  frequently  do  the 
dark  clouds  of  adversity  disperse,  leaving  behind  a 
rich  increase  of  such  dispositions  as  are  "  pure, 
lovely,  and  of  good  report."  The  spirit  of  Mrs. 
Mary  Anthony  rose  gently  and  serenely  from  the 
depressing  influence  of  adversity,  and  for  a  time 
she  willingly  threw  aside  all  those  accomplishments 
with  which  she  had  so  embellished  life ;  and, 
retiring  to  the  country  with  her  husband,  they 
took  possession  of  a  small  cottage,  which,  with 
her  taste,  she  adorned,  till,  from  a  wilderness, 
soon  arose  a  cultivated  garden,  with  flowers,  vine- 
yards and  orchard — her  simple  dwelling  being 
the  abode  of  the  most  kindly  hospitality.  In  all 
the  situations  of  life,  this  excellent  woman  faith- 
fully performed  her  duties;  so  that,  as  of  Mary 
of  old,  she  merited  the  commendation  of  our 
Saviour,  "  She  hath  done  what  she  could  !"  And 
wThen,  in  1820,  the  first  English  edition  was  pub- 


OP  LYNCHBURG.  87 

lished  of  Washington  Irving's  Sketch  Book,  all 
who  read  his  exquisite  sketch  of  "  The  Wife," 
were  struck  with  the  remarkable  resemblance  of 
that  lovely  woman  to  Mrs.  Mary  Anthony. 

About  the  year  1832,  Mrs.  Anthony  removed 
again  to  her  native  place,  where  she  continued 
to  reside  till  the  time  of  her  death.  She  was  a 
devoted  member  of  the  Episcopal  Church  for  some 
years,  having  connected  herself  with  it  during  the 
time  when  that  church  was  under  the  pastoral  care 
of  the  Rev.  F.  G.  Smith.  She  died  in  the  summer 
of  1839,  leaving  the  most  satisfactory  evidence 
that  she  was  fully  prepared  to  meet  the  Judge  of 
all,  and  rejoicing  in  the  hope  of  re-union  with  a 
beloved  daughter  who  had  died  the  year  previous. 

Ann  Eliza  Irvine  will  long  be  remembered  in 
Lynchburg.  Her  perfect  beauty  and  early  death, 
invest  her  with  a  tender  and  mournful  interest, 
which  is  increased  from  associating  her  with  the 
bright  gifted  spirit  to  whom  she  was  united  a 
year  previous  to  her  death.  No  portrait  of  her 
has  been  preserved;  but  a  fancy  picture  of  a 
French  girl,  much  resembling  her,  is  highly  valued 
by  the  surviving  members  of  the  family.  Shortly 
after  the  death  of  Ann  Eliza,  Mrs.  Irvine  went 
into  the  parlor  of  the  late  Mrs.  Daniel,  where 
hung  this  picture,  and  she  was  so  much  affected 
at  the  resemblance,  that  Mrs.  Daniel  immediately 


88       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

had  it  taken  down  and  carried  to  the  house  of  Mrs. 
Irvine. 

John  Hampden  Pleasants  was  the  eldest  son 
of  James  Pleasants,  Esq.,  of  Goochland  county. 
The  brilliant  mind  and  great  genius  of  this  distin- 
guished man,  is  now  the  admiration  of  his  native 
State;  and  well  may  Virginians  feel  a  pride  in 
claiming  for  their  own  John  Hampden  Pleasants. 
As  early  as  18 —  he  moved  to  Lynchburg,  estab- 
lishing there  a  paper  called  "The  Press."  When 
he  commenced  his  editorial  career,  the  Press  of 
Lynchburg  was  at  a  low  ebb — the  type,  paper  and 
printing  were  intolerable,  and  the  articles  dull. 
Hampden  Pleasants  produced  a  great  revolution 
in  this  printing  establishment;  and,  even  at  that 
early  date,  he  gave  promise  of  that  brilliant 
editorial  career,  which,  in  after  years,  awaited  him. 
He  was  a  first  cousin  of  Ann  Eliza  Irvine,  on 
the  mother's  side ;  and  their  intercourse  ripening 
into  a  devoted  attachment,  about  the  year  1819  or 
'20  they  were  married.  She  survived  her  marriage 
only  one  year,  her  death  occurring  so  suddenly,  as 
to  cause  her  friends  for  some  hours  to  suppose  that 
she  had  only  fainted.  This  mournful  event  threw 
a  gloom  over  the  whole  town ;  and,  even  now,  the 
old  inhabitants  lower  their  voices  and  drop  a  tear 
when  they  speak  of  Ann  Eliza  Pleasants. 

Mrs.  Frances  Patterson,   wife   of  Dr.  John 


OP   LYNCHBURG.  89 

Patterson,  was  the  youngest  daughter  of  Mrs.  Ann 
Irvine.  She  was  a  pious,  lovely  woman.  Dying 
many  years  since,  she  left  two  children,  William 
M.  Patterson,  Esq.,  and  Mrs.  Ann  Eliza  Boggs, 
wife  of  the  Rev.  F.  J.  Boggs,  of  the  Methodist 
Church. 

Rev.  Samuel  Irvine,  of  the  Methodist  Church, 
is  a  son  of  Mrs.  A.  Irvine.  This  worthy  man  is 
an  acceptable  Minister  of  the  Gospel,  highly 
esteemed  in  the  community,  and  beloved  in  the 
church  to  which  he  belongs. 

The  house  at  present  occupied  by  Rev.  Bishop 
Early,  was,  in  1821,  the  residence  of  Marcellus 
Smith,  Esq.  He  was  the  associate  editor  with 
John  H.  Pleasants  of  the  only  paper  at  that  time 
published  in  Lynchburg.  Of  brilliant  talents,  and 
refined,  cultivated  mind,  Mr.  Smith  was  worthy  to 
have  been  joined  with  that  gifted  son  of  Virginia 
in  wielding  the  mighty  engine  of  social  and  politi- 
cal life. 

Some  years  previous,  Mr.  Marcellus  Smith  had 
married  Marcella,  the  sister  of  John  Hampden 
Pleasants.  She  was  a  lady  of  fine  talents,  possess- 
ing all  those  kindly  virtues  and  excellent  qualities, 
for  which  the  family  of  Pleasants  is  so  remarkable. 
This  excellent  and  beloved  lady  survives  her  hus- 
band, making  her  home  with  her  daughter  in  the 
county  of  Louisa. 


90  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 


11  Slight  withal  may  be  the  things  which  bring  back 
on  the  heart/'  not  always,  "the  woes  which  it  would 
fling  aside  forever/'  but  many  pleasing  and  amusing  in- 
cidents of  by-gone  days. 

Portions  of  two  old  newspapers  lie  on  the  table ; 
and  what  a  record  of  the  past  do  they  contain ! 
One  was  printed  about  thirty-three  years  since, 
and,  amongst  other  articles,  it  contains  Chancellor 
Taylor's  high-bred  advertisement  of  his  law-school, 
forcibly  bringing  before  us  his  old-fashioned  man- 
ner and  polished  address  ;  whilst  one,  printed 
twenty-seven  years  since,  contains  the  obituary  of 
one  of  the  loveliest  women  of  Lynchburg ;  and 
close  by  that  sad  memorial,  an  advertisement  of 
Claborne  Gladman's*  house — that  yellow  edifice, 
which  stood  in  rear  of  the  old  Methodist  Church, 
and  which,  for  some  purpose,  was  afterwards 
moved  on  rollers,  with  unheard-of  difficulty,  up  the 
hill  leading  to  the  residence  of  Henry  Dunnington, 
Esq.  ;  and,  when  placed  half-way  between  that 
house  and  the  dwelling  of  Mrs.  Irvine,  the  work- 
men employed,  rested  from  their  labors,  leaving 
the  house  there  for  several  weeks,f  to  the  intense 

*  A  well-known  free  colored  man. 

-j-  What  would  our  worthy  town-authorities  of  the  present 
day,  say  in  reference  to  a  house  placed  in  the  middle  of  a  street, 
and  there    left  for  several  weeks  ?     A    few  years  since,   an 


OP   LYNCHBURG.  91 

gratification  and  delight  of  the  small  boys  of 
Lynchburg,  who  used  the  building  as  a  play-place, 
•which  only  wanted  a  bell  at  the  door  to  place  it  on 
a  perfect  equality  with  the  "untenanted  house" 
mentioned  in  u  Dickens'  Sketches,"  where  "  ring- 
ing the  door-bell  was  such  a  resource  to  the  boys 
of  the  neighborhood,  notwithstanding  the  numerous 
wash-hand  basins  of  water  thrown  from  the  next 
house  upon  the  youthful  offenders,  till  the  bell  was 
taken  off  by  a  humane  broker,  and  placed  for  sale 
in  his  own  old  establishment." 

The  paper  and  type  of  this  ancient  newspaper 
are  greatly  inferior  to  that  of  the  present  day  ; 
but  "  The  Virginian"  then,  as  well  as  at  present, 
ranked  amongst  the  very  highest  and  best  papers 
in  the  State.  The  spirits  of  Pleasants  and  of  Toler 
seem  yet  mysteriously  to  linger  around  it ;  and  we 
are  now  reminded  of  the  interesting  period  when 
that  paper  was  under  the  able  auspices  of 
"Fletcher   &  Toler." 

Elijah:  Fletcher  Esq.,  was  a  native  of  one  of 
the  New  England  States,  and,  on  the  father's 
side,  was  a  near  relative  of  "  Grace  Fletcher," 
the  first  wife  of  Daniel  Webster.     Mr.    Fletcher 


old  hack  was  driven  up  somewhere  on  Church  street,  where 
it  remained  for  some  time,  eliciting  numerous  amusing  editorial 
remarks,  which  greatly  entertained  the  readers  of  "  The  Vir- 
ginian." 


92  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

emigrated,  when  a  young  man,  to  Virginia,  and 
settled  near  New  Glasgow,  Amherst  county,  where 
he  married  Miss  Marie  Antoinette  Crawford,  a 
lady  of  great  intelligence,  and  a  relative  of  Craw- 
ford, whom  a  few  years  subsequent  was  a  can- 
didate for  the  Presidency  of  the  United  States. 
For  a  time,  Mr.  Fletcher  was  Principal  of  the 
Female  Seminary  of  New  Glasgow;  but,  on  remov- 
ing to  Lynchburg,  he  took  the  charge  of  "  The 
Virginian,"  assisted  by  Richard  H.  Toler.  Mr. 
Fletcher  devoted  a  considerable  part  of  the  columns 
of  that  paper  to  articles  on  agriculture,  of  which 
pursuit  he  was  enthusiastically  fond.  Having 
amassed  a  large  fortune,  this  gentleman  retired  to 
one  of  his  estates  in  the  county  of  Amherst,  wThere 
his  farming  arrangements  and  domestic  manage- 
ment are  said  to  be  the  most  superior  in  the  State 
of  Virginia. 

Richard  H.  Toler  was  a  native  of  Rich- 
mond. His  mother  was  early  left  a  widow,  in 
straitened  circumstances,  so  that  her  son  had 
nought  to  depend  on,  save  his  own  exertions.  He, 
for  a  while,  lived  in  the  office  of  one  of  the  news- 
papers printed  in  Richmond ;  but,  on  removing  to 
Lynchburg,  he  was  found  to  possess  such  talents 
and  energy  that  he  speedily  rose  in  his  profession 
of  an  editor,  being  second  only  to  his  great  prede- 
cessor, John  Hampden  Pleasants.     Greatly  prized 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  93 

and  beloved  in  Lynchburg,  the  memory  of  Mr. 
Toler  is  one  of  the  brightest  recollections  of  the 
past ;  nor  is  the  interest  lessened  when  we  think  of 
him  in  connection  with  Frances  Duval,  his  devoted 
and  excellent  wife,  who  survived  her  marriage  only 
a  few  years.  She  was  second  daughter  of  the 
good  Major  William  Duval,*  of  Buckingham, 
inheriting  from  her  honored  parent  all  those  lovely 
dispositions  for  which  he  was  so  remarkable.  Mr. 
Toler  was  thrice  married ;  his  last  wife  survives 
him,  and  is,  we  believe,  a  resident  of  Lynchburg. 


*  This  most  excellent  man  was  a  perfect  exemplification  of 
the  Christian  character,  and  he  deserves  a  long  memoir,  so  that 
the  influence  of  his  bright  example  may  still  be  felt  by  the 
rising  generation.  He  was  at  one  time  an  eminent  lawyer  of 
the  lower  country;  and  it  was  during  this  time  that  Henry  Clay 
lived  in  his  office.  When  Mr.  Clay  visited  Lynchburg  many 
years  since,  he  made  an  especial  visit  to  Buckingham,  to  pass  a 
few  days  with  the  friend  and  patron  of  his  young  days,  Major 
William  Duval. 


94       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 


THE    HARRISON    FAMILY. 

"  She  had  a  wise,  kind  word  for  all.  All  loved  her. 
All  felt  that  her  message  was  not  from  herself,  nor  of 
man's  invention,  but  that  in  her  Master's  name,  she 
invited  others  to  "  love  and  good  works." 

Biography  of  Mrs.  Fry,  by  her  Daughter. 

Samuel  Harrison  was  a  native  of  Bedford 
county,  and  was,  like  the  late  Christopher  Anthony, 
reared  in  theu  sages  of  the  Society  of  Friends. 
His  mother's  maiden  name  was  Jordan,  and  she 
was  one  of  that  old  Virginia  family  from  whom  so 
many  of  our  best  citizens  trace  their  descent.  She 
was  a  sister  of  the  venerable  mother*  of  the  late 
Christopher  Anthony,  and  for  many  years  the  fami- 
lies resided  happily  in  the  good  old  neighborhood 
of  Goose  Creek,  Bedford  county.  Whilst  a  young 
man,  Mr.   Harrison  removing  to  Lynchburg,  soon 


*  This  excellent  lady  survived  her  son  some  years,  dying  in 
Cincinnati  about  the  summer  of  1839;  to  which  place  she  had, 
with  her  husband,  emigrated  about  1812. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  95 

after  was  united  in  marriage  to  Sarah  Burton,  a 
young  lady  of  fine  disposition,  and  gifted  in  a  great 
degree  with  strength  of  mind  and  energy  of  char- 
acter. Mr.  Harrison  possessed  a  fine  order  of  in- 
tellect, united  to  great  sprightliness  of  mind,  so 
that  at  all  times  he  was  the  witty,  cheerful  and 
agreeable  companion.  By  his  energy  and  industry 
he  accumulated  a  fortune,  and  during  the  time  of 
his  prosperity,  he  planned  and  built  the  Frank- 
lin Hotel  *  of  Lynchburg,  which,  with  all  the 
alterations  since  made,  has  never  been  so  prosper- 
ous, desirable  or  convenient,  as  it  was  in  its  early 
days. 

The  great  pressure  of  1819  caused  Mr.  Harrison, 
like  many  others  in  Lynchburg,  to  experience  a  re- 
verse of  fortune ;  but  submitting  cheerfully  to  cir- 
cumstances, he  was  still  able,  by  means  of  the  vigor 
and  industry  of  his  character,  to  make  ample  pro- 
vision for  the  comfort  and  education  of  a  large 
family.  He  passed  through  a  long  life,  surviving 
some  years  his  estimable  wife,  and  blessed  in  the 
respect  and  affection  of  his  devoted  children. 

Several  years  previous  to  his  death,  he  made  a 
public  profession  of  religion,  connecting  himself 
with  the  Episcopal  Church.  This  touching  and  in- 
teresting occasion  was  rendered  still  more  so,  from 


*  Called  the  "  Norvell  House"  at  present. 


96       SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

the  circumstance  of  two  of  his  daughters  standing 
as  sponsors  for  their  venerable  parent  at  the  baptis- 
mal font.  During  the  remainder  of  his  life,  he  was 
a  meek,  consistent  Christian,  deriving  much  peace 
and  comfort  from  the  services  of  the  sanctuary. 

Mrs.  Sarah  Harrison  was  a  lady  of  great 
worth  and  piety.  She  governed  well  and  wisely  at 
her  beautiful  home,*  her  establishment  being  a  per- 
fect model  of  elegant  management  and  domestic 
economv. 

A  zealous  and  devoted  member  of  the  Methodist 
Church,  she  was  one  of  that  chosen  band  of  females 
that  so  materially  aided  and  strengthened  the  influ- 
ences of  the  pastors  of  that  denomination. 

Like  the  good  Sir  Thomas  Fowell  Buxton,  Mrs. 
Harrison  may  be  said  to  have  resembled  in  her 
walk  through  life,  "  one  passing  through  the  wards 
of  a  hospital,  and  stooping  down  on  all  sides  to 
administer  help  where  it  was  needed." 

A  true  sister  of  charity,  constant  in  her  visits  to 
the  sick  and  afflicted,  a  diligent  member  of  the 
Dorcas  Society,  Mrs.  Harrison  thus  passed  through 
life,  scattering  good,  and  although  from  the  depths 
of  her  heart  she  would  say,  in  the  language  of  the 
Psalmist,  "  Oh,  my  God,  my  goodness  extendeth 
not  to  Thee,  but  to  the  saints  and  to  the  excellent 

*  This  home  was  the  house  now  occupied  by  Anderson  Armis- 
tead,  Esq. 


OF    LYNCHBURG.  97 

in  whom  is  my  delight;  "  it  was  in  doing  good  to 
others  that  she  in  her  life  thus  glorified  God,  and 
on  her  death-bed  bearing  fullest  testimony  to  the 
sustaining  grace  of  her  Saviour,  saying,  in  his  own 
sacred  words,  that  "her  heart  was  neither  troubled 
nor  afraid." 

The  five  daughters  of  this  family  all  survive,  an 
unbroken  sisterhood — Mrs.  William  Norvell,  Mrs. 
Robert  Robinson  of  Philadelphia,  Mrs.  Lorenzo 
Norvell  of  Lynchburg,  Mrs.  James  Metcalfe  of  its 
vicinity,  and  Miss  Mary  E.  Harrison  of  Bedford. 
All  of  these  ladies  are  well  known  and  esteemed 
in  our  community,  as  well  for  their  superior  wit 
and  intelligence  as  for  their  admirable  traits  of 
character. 

Jesse  Burton  Harrison,  second  son  of  Samuel 
Harrison,  Esq.  was  born  about  the  year  1806.  His 
boyhood  was  passed  in  his  native  place,  where,  in 
all  of  his  school  exercises,  he  greatly  distinguished 
himself,  and  during  this  time  the  progress  he  made 
in  his  studies  was  such  as  to  excite  the  wonder  and 
admiration  of  his  instructors. 

To  an  extraordinary  memory  and  great  quick- 
ness, he  united  remarkable  perseverance  and  habits 
of  application,  together  with  a  fondness  for  every 
branch  of  literature.  Passing  with  distinction 
through  Hampden  Sidney  College,  he  was  then 
sent  to  Harvard  University,  where  his  proficiency 
9 


98  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

was  so  great  in  all  the  branches  he  undertook,  as 
to  cause  him  to  graduate  there  "with  high  honors, 
eliciting  marks  of  approbation  from  all  the  pro- 
fessors of  Harvard,  as  well  as  from  Thomas  Jeffer- 
son, a  visitor  of  that  institution,  who  expressed  his 
high  appreciation  of  the  young  student  in  a  most 
gratifying  and  complimentary  letter  to  his  father, 
Samuel  Harrison,  Esq. 

On  leaving  Cambridge,  he  studied  for  the  bar, 
and,  soon  after  obtaining  a  license,  he  established 
himself  in  his  native  place  as  a  practising  lawyer  ; 
and  though  the  bar  was  ably  supplied  by  many 
so  much  older  than  himself,  the  success  of  J. 
Burton  Harrison  was  much  greater  than  usually 
attends  the  young  barrister  under  these  circum- 
stances. 

A  few  years  subsequent  to  this  time,  he  deter- 
mined to  make  the  tour  of  Europe,  and  to  visit 
in  particular  the  celebrated  German  Universities — 
perhaps  with  some  reference  to  there  obtaining  a 
professorship,  or  of  embarking  in  some  literary  en- 
terprise.   In  the  month  of ,  he  accordingly  set 

sail  for  the  French  capital,  and,  on  arriving,  he  was 
kindly  received  by  Virginians,  resident  in  the  city 
of  Paris,  and  with  them  he  enjoyed  the  privilege  of 
visiting  the  Marquis  La  Fayette  and  other  distin- 
guished Frenchmen  of  that  time.  His  letters,  writ- 
ten at  this  period  to  his  friends  at  home,  possessed 
great  interest,  and  were  worthy  of  publication.  He 


OP   LYNCHBURG.  99 

traveled  through  Germany,  and  had  access  to  all 
the  distinguished  literary  institutions,  forming  the 
acquaintance  of  many  erudite  German  professors, 
the  learning  of  whom  he  confessed  astonished  him  : 
for  he  wrote  that  it  was  astonishing  to  see  so  many 
great  men,  whose  names  and  reputation  extended 
not  beyond  the  walls  of  their  Universities.  For 
some  cause  or  other,  he,  at  this  time,  abandoned 
forever  any  wish  or  desire  to  occupy  a  post  in  a 
University,  and,  shortly  afterwards,  he  returned  to 
his  native  land,  his  mind  much  enlightened  by  his 
travels,  and  his  manners  having  acquired  all  the 
ease,  elegance  and  polish  of  the  French  nation. 

It  is  much  to  be  regretted  that  Mr.  Harrison  did 
not  at  least  write  a  description  of  his  tour  through 
Germany.  Had  he  done  so,  his  book  might  pro- 
bably have  rivalled  and  excelled  the  popular  work 
of  William  Howitt,  "  The  Student  Life  of  Ger- 
many,"* and  a  flood  of  light  and  interest  might 
have  been  thrown  around  the  literature  of  that 
country,  entirely  divesting  it  of  all  darkness,  ob- 
scurity and  mysticism,  with  which  Thomas  Carlyle 
has  surrounded  it.  But,  though  fully  capable  of 
writing  eloquently,  Mr.  Harrison,  with  the  exception 
of  his  speeches,  has  left  no  published  writings  to 

*  This  work  was  written  by  a  German  for  "William  Howitt, 
and  by  him  it  was  translated  into  English,  and  we  believe  that 
Mr.  Harrison  could  have  himself  written  on  this  subject  an 
able  book. 


100  SKETCHES    AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

attest  his  superior  intellect  and  high  literary  attain- 
ments. It  is  a  saying  of  Thucydides,  that  "  igno- 
rance is  bold  and  knowledge  reserved;"  and  the 
fact  that  Jesse  Burton  Harrison  has  left  behind 
him  no  literary  work,  goes  far  to  prove  that  this 
ancient  writer  was  correct  in  his  opinion. 

In  the  year  1882,  leaving  his  native  State,  he 
settled  in  the  city  of  New  Orleans,  where,  in  a  few 
years,  he  was  married  to  a  lady  residing  in  that 
city.  His  health  becoming  much  impaired,  he, 
in  the  summer  of  1840,  returned  to  Lynchburg, 
and  thence  with  his  father  visiting  the  watering 
places  of  Virginia.  In  the  autumn  he  returned  to 
Louisiana,  and  he  was  destined  never  more  to  gaze 
on  his  beloved  native  hills,  nor  feel  invigorated  by 
the  pure  life-giving  winds  that  had  gladdened  him 
in  boyhood.  During  the  winter  of  the  succeeding 
year,  he  breathed  his  last  in  New  Orleans,  and  his 
remains  repose  in  the  cemetery  near  the  city.  In 
the  hearts  of  those  who  knew  and  esteemed  him, 
his  memory  is  deeply  enshrined,  and  we  cherish  a 
pride  in  claiming  for  our  own  beloved  native  place, 
Jesse  Burton  Harrison. 

Extract  from  the  Address  of  James  P.  Holcombe,  Esq.,  before  the 
Society  of  the  Alumni  of  the  University  of  Virginia. 

"No  nation  can  retain  its  character  in  the  scale  of 
history,  without  a  distinct  and  original  literature.  The 
literature  which  would  express  the  spirit  or  supply  the 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  101 

wants  of  a  people,  must  not  be  filtered  through  the 
strata  of  a  foreign  society,  but  drawn  fresh  from  the 
wells  of  a  native  soil.  Noble  sentiments,  beautiful 
imagery,  profound  thoughts,  lives  of  heroism  or  beauty, 
speak  to  us  from  what  region  or  in  what  tone  they  may, 
must  always  inform,  delight  and  elevate  the  soul.  But 
when  embodied  in  a  foreign  language,  and  tinctured 
with  the  colors  of  a  social  and  political  atmosphere 
remote  from  our  own,  they  do  not  possess  the  power  that 
belongs  to  a  literature  which  can  thrill  the  heart  with 
the  echoes  of  its  mother's  tongue.  I  fully  subscribe  to 
the  remark  made  by  one  of  Virginia's  most  gifted  sons, 
whose  taste,  learning  and  genius  would  have  placed 
him,  but  for  an  untimely  death,  by  the  side  of  Legare,* 
that  the  practical  loss  to  mankind,  if  arithmetic  was 
reduced  to  counting  on  the  fingers,  would  be  less  than 
if  the  department  of  fancy  was  blotted  out  of  our  libra- 
ries; for  practical,  to  all  intents  and  purposes,  must  that 
knowledge  be,  which  raises  or  keeps  alive  any  feeling 
touched  to  fine  issues.  Yes,  far  beyond  the  horizon  of 
a  sense-bound  existence,  in  the  sacred  regions  of  poetry 
and  philosophy,  lie  those  eternal  springs  which  alone  can 
keep  fresh  and  warm  the  inner  life  of  a  people.  A 
literature  which  draws  its  aliment  from  the  materials 
that  surround  their  daily  walk — which  embellishes  with 
its   forms   of  grace — and  images  of  beauty  their  world 


*  The  late  J.  Burton  Harrison.  It  is  peculiarly  appropriate 
that  this  beautiful  extract  should  form  the  connecting  link  be- 
tween the  brief  memoir  of  J.  B.  Harrison,  and  the  Cyclopaidia 
of  Lynchburg  Literature. 


102      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

of  home  which  takes  up  the  gross  body  of  popular 
sentiment  and  opinion,  and,  by  the  transfiguring  power 
of  genius,  converts  its  muddy  vesture  of  decay  into  a 
luminous  mantle  of  immortality; — such  a  literature 
must  be  fruitful  of  results  upon  the  character  and 
destiny  of  a  people.  It  cannot  but  infuse  into  their 
bosoms  such  a  sense  of  the  dignity  of  human  nature, 
and  the  true  ends  of  human  life,  as  will  either  work 
its  way  through  all  difficulties  to  freedom  and  civilization, 
or  invest  the  adverse  fortunes  of  the  nation  with  a  glory, 
which,  like  the  beauty  of  Juliet,  shall  make  the  grave 
itself  "  a  feasting  presence  bright  with  light. " 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  103 


CYCLOPAEDIA  OF  LYNCHBURG  LITERATURE. 

"  There  has  been  no  question  so  often  asked,  and 
so  variously  answered,  of  late  years,  as  this :  '  Shall 
the  South  have  a  literature  of  her  own  V  It  is  one 
of  vital  importance  to  her  social  and  political  interests — 
a  question  on  which  hangs  the  integrity  of  her  peculiar 
institutions,  and  on  which  is  based  the  preservation 
of  her  social  and  political  independence." — Southern 
Literary   Messenger. 

In  this  chapter  will  be  given  a  brief  sketch  of 
some  of  the  literary  characters  of  Lynchburg,  a 
few  of  whom  have  been  eminent  for  literary  pro- 
gress and  mental  cultivation ;  and  it  is  but  due 
that  the  brothers,  Harvey  and  Stephen  Mitchell, 
should  have  the  first  place,  not  only  as  pioneers, 
but  as  gentlemen  of  fine  talents  and  literary  taste. 

Harvey  Mitchell,  well  known  and  beloved 
in  our  community,  spent  his  boyhood  and  early 
youth  in  the  town  of  Lynchburg.  His  parents 
resided  in  the  county  of  Amherst,  at  a  beautiful 
place,  visible  from  almost  every  point  of  Lynch- 


104:  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

burg ;  and  their  vicinity  to  town  enabled  the 
children  of  the  family  to  attend  daily  the  schools 
of  Lynchburg.  When  a  small  boy,  Harvey  Mitchell 
manifested  a  great  talent  for  drawing,  painting  and 
taking  likenesses ;  and  with  this  was  combined,  a 
genius  highly  poetic — his  knowledge  of  drawing 
enabling  him  to  view  with  a  poet's  eye  the  whole 
page  of  Nature.  He  practised  his  profession  of 
portrait  painter,  in  the  town  of  Lynchburg,  for 
some  years,  writing  manuscript  pieces  for  his 
friends,  as  well  as  articles  for  periodicals.  En- 
dowed with  wit,  and  with  a  spirit  and  genius  akin 
to  that  of  Sidney  Smith,  there  is  no  doubt  but 
that  Harvey  Mitchell  was  even  superior  to  that 
gentleman,  who  has  of  late  years  acquired  such 
celebrity  in  the  world  of  letters.  His  sketches 
were  illustrated  by  his  own  humorous  drawings, 
and  his  writings  were  somewhat  in  the  style  of 
those  of  Port  Crayon,  who  has  contributed  in  the 
last  two  years  so  agreeably  to  Harper's  Magazine ; 
and  had  Mr.  Mitchell's  articles  been  published  also 
in  the  North,  they  would  have  attracted  more 
notice  and  would  have  obtained  greater  success. 
Mr.  Mitchell  also  wrote  dramas,  depicting  admi- 
rably the  foibles  of  the  community  in  which  he 
lived.  In  conjunction  with  Stephen  Mitchell,  his 
younger  brother,  he  attempted  to  publish  a  period- 
ical, but  the  undertaking  failed  for  want  of  sufficient 
encouragement.     Mr.  Harvey  Mitchell  resides,  at 


OF   LYNCHBURGL  i05 

present,  in  the  city  of  Washington,  where  he  holds 
an  office  under  Government. 

Stephen   Mitchell   was   a    young  lawyer   of 
great  promise,  and  of  fine   literary  taste.     About 
twenty-eight  years  since  he  made  ineffectual  efforts 
to  resuscitate  the  literature  of  his  native  State,  by 
publishing  a  periodical,  but  meeting  with  so  many 
discouragements,  he    was   forced   to    abandon    the 
enterprise.     He  wrote    a  play,  called  "  The  Maid 
of    Missilonghi,"    which    was,    without     doubt,    a 
splendid  literary   production.     He    carried    it    to 
New   York,  where   the   managers    of  the  Bowery 
theatre  were  so  delighted  with  it,  that  they  offered 
a  very  liberal  sum  for  it,  which  was  to  be   paid 
immediately   after    its    reception    on     the    stage. 
Accordingly,    splendid    scenery     and    magnificent 
dresses  were  provided  for  the    occasion,   and   the 
young  author  already  saw  plainly  before  him  the 
path  to  fame.     But,  alas  !  for  the  uncertainty  of 
human  affairs  !     The  very  day  before  the  one  fixed 
for  the   performance,  the   Bowery  theatre    taking 
fire,  the  scenery  and  dresses  were  consumed,  and, 
worse  than  all,  the  manuscript  of  "  The   Maid  of 
Missilonghi"  was   burned;    and,  as   no   copy    had 
been   preserved,    the    reading    public     were    thus 
debarred   the   pleasure  of  perusing  this    beautiful 
production.     Under  these  favorable  auspices,  had 
this  play  been  brought  out,  it  would  probably  have 


106      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

held  a  rank  almost  equal  to  Bulwer's  "  Lady  of 
Lyons."  Shortly  after  this  disastrous  overthrow 
of  all  his  hopes,  Stephen  Mitchell,  returning  to 
Virginia,  made  Norfolk  his  temporary  home,  and, 
his  health  declining  rapidly,  in  a  brief  period  he 
was  numbered  with  the  dead. 

George  Tucker,  Esq.,  was  a  native  of  the 
Island  of  Bermuda,  from  which  place  he  had 
emigrated  when  a  very  young  man.  He  removed 
with  his  family  to  Lynchburg,  about  the  year  1817, 
and  resided  in  that  town  till  the  opening  of  the 
University  of  Virginia.  Being  appointed  Professor 
of  Moral  Philosophy  in  that  institution,  he,  for 
some  years,  filled  that  post  with  great  ability. 
During  his  residence  in  Lynchburg,  he  wrote  a 
touching  little  memoir,  called  "  Recollections  of 
Rosalie,"  a  beloved  daughter,  who  died  in  the 
winter  of  1818.  The  work  has  been  printed  and 
published  at  his  own  expense,  by  a  man  named 
Boyce,  and  the  binding  would  do  credit  to  any 
publishing  house  of  the  present  day — so  neatly  and 
substantially  done,  that,  after  a  lapse  of  thirty- 
eight  years,  the  little  volume  looks  fresh  and  new. 
It  was  during  his  residence  in  Lynchburg  that  Mr. 
Tucker  also  wrote  "  The  Valley  of  Shenandoah." 
The  descriptions,  in  that  novel,  of  Virginia  life, 
are  unsurpassed,  and  the  pictures  of  slavery  in  the 
the  Old  Dominion  are  quite  inimitable.     Since  then 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  107 

he  has  written  "The  Voyage  to  the  Moon,"  and 
"  The  Life  of  Jefferson,"  a  voluminous  work,  which 
has  placed  his  reputation  as  a  writer  on  a  firm  basis 
in  the  literary  world.  This  polished  and  intelligent 
gentleman  now  lives  in  the  city  of  Philadelphia, 
where  he  is  said  to  be  at  present  employed  on  a 
new  work,  the  appearance  of  which  will  be  anxiously 
desired  by  his  friends  and  admirers. 

Mrs.  Ann  Ursula  Byrd  was  a  sister  of  the  late 
Mr.  William  Munford,  for  many  years  the  able  and 
efficient  Clerk  of  the  House  of  Delegates.  She 
was  the  wife  of  William  Otway  Byrd,  Esq.,  of 
Westover ;  and  subsequently  to  his  death,  she  took 
up  her  residence  in  the  town  of  Lynchburg,  making 
her  home  with  two  married  daughters  living  in  that 
town.  Mrs.  Bryd  was  a  most  excellent  woman, 
with  a  vigorous  mind  and  poetic  fancy.  Delighting 
greatly  in  reading,  her  memory  was  so  remarkable 
that  she  was  able  to  recall  at  will  the  pleasure 
derived  long  since  from  books  she  had  perused. 
For  many  years  she  was  engaged  in  writing  a 
novel,  and  hopes,  at  one  time,  were  entertained 
of  its  publication ;  but,  for  some  cause  or  other,  it 
has  never  appeared  in  print.  The  work  was  styled 
"  Education,  or  the  Family  of  Mountflorence ;" 
and  it  was  pronounced  exceedingly  interesting  by 
those  who  had  the  privilege  of  its  perusal.  A  few 
years  previous  to  her  death,  this  lady  had  a  violent 


108      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

spell  of  illness,  causing  her  for  a  time  to  lose  her 
memory  almost  entirely,  so  that  she  could  only 
remember  a  few  choice  pieces  of  old  English  poetry. 
On  regaining  her  health  to  a  degree,  and  discover- 
ing that  she  had  forgotten  how  to  read,  with  a 
strength  of  mind  and  perseverance  worthy  of 
being  imitated,  she  immediately  commenced  at  the 
simple  rudiments,  and  actually  learned  again  to 
spell  and  read.  She  was  a  devout  Episcopalian, 
and  was  one  amongst  the  few  belonging  to  that 
church  at  the  time  of  its  establishment  in  Lynch- 
burg. This  amiable  woman  lived  to  an  advanced 
age,  and  died  in  the  city  of  Lynchburg,  where 
her  remains  are  interred. 

Bransford  Yawter  was  a  native  of  Lynchburg, 
and  was  born  about  the  year  1815  or  '16.  His 
father  was,  by  profession,  a  tailor,  and  he  had  been 
one  of  the  oldest  and  earliest  settlers  of  the  place. 
Mr.  Vawter  was  a  man  of  some  eccentricities, 
but  he  possessed  good  sense,  combined  with  great 
honesty  and  a  most  kindly  disposition.  He  was 
particularly   attached   to    Bransford,*   his    second 

*  Mr.  Vawter  was  justly  proud  of  this  son,  whom  he  always 
addressed  as  "  Buddy,"  bestowing  on  his  oldest  boy  the  soubri- 
quet of  "Jake."  When  under  the  influence  of  ardent  spirits, 
Mr.  Vawter  would  seat  himself  in  his  upper  window,  carelessly 
attired,  singing  out  the  following  recitative:  "The  world  is 
good,  the  people  are  good,  and  God  bless  'Buddy'  forever" — 
adding  then,  in  a  sort  of  undertone, — "  and,  at  the  same  time, 
please  don't  forget  Jake  !" 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  109 

son,  but  he  gave  each  of  the  brothers  every 
advantage  of  education  that  could  be  procured  in 
Lynchburg.  At  a  very  early  age  Bransford  was 
remarkable  for  his  elegant  personal  appearance  and 
graceful  manners ;  and,  as  he  grew  up,  his  mental 
gifts  so  developed  themselves,  that  he  was  found  to 
possess  talents  of  a  superior  order.  A  high-minded, 
chivalrous  young  man — honorable  in  his  feelings 
and  distinguished  by  his  winning  modesty — Brans- 
ford  Vawter  will  ever  be  remembered  with  interest 
and  affection  by  friends  and  school-mates  with 
whom  he  was  associated  in  Lynchburg ;  and  had 
he  lived,  he  would  doubtless  have  ranked  high 
among  the  poets  of  his  native  land.  His  early 
death  was  a  great  disappointment  to  his  numerous 
friends  in  Lynchburg  ; — the  light  of  a  brilliant 
genius  was  suddenly  quenched,  and  only  a  few  of 
his  pieces  have  been  preserved  to  attest  his  poetic 
talent.  The  following  song  has  been  set  to  music, 
and  is  sung  throughout  the  United  States,  whilst 
few  are  aware  of  their  authorship,  or  of  the  feel- 
ings which  prompted  the  lines  : 

"  I'd  offer  thee  this  Land  of  mine, 

If  I  could  love  thee  less, 
But  hearts  so  warm,  so  fond  as  thine, 

Should  never  know  distress. 
My  fortune  is  too  hard  for  thee, 

'Twould  chill  thy  dearest  joy; 
I'd  rather  weep  to  see  thee  free, 

Than  win  thee  to  destroy. 

12 


110  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

I  leave  thee  in  thy  happiness, 

As  one  too  dear  to  love — 
As  one  I  think  of  but  to  bless, 

As  wretchedly  I  rove. 
And  Oh !  when  sorrow's  cup  I  drink, 

All  bitter  though  it  be, 
How  sweet  'twill  be  for  me  to  think, 

It  holds  no  drop  for  thee. 

And  now  my  dreams  are  sadly  o'er, 

Fate  bids  them  all  depart, 
And  I  must  leave  my  native  shore, 

In  brokenness  of  heart. 
And  Oh,  dear  one  !  when  far  from  thee/ 

I  ne'er  know  joy  again, 
I  would  not  that  one  thought  of  me, 

Should  give  thy  bosom  pain." 

After  the  appearance  of  these  lines,  a  great 
curiosity  was  felt  to  know  the  name  of  the  author ; 
and,  accordingly,  an  advertisement  was  inserted  in 
a  periodical,  desiring  him  to  avow  himself,  for  it 
was  the  intention  of  the  proprietors  to  award  him 
a  prize.  Bransford  Vawter  then  acknowledged 
himself  to  have  been  the  author,  and  an  expensive 
volume  was  immediately  forwarded  to  him  by  the 
proprietors  of  the  Magazine. 

Mrs.  Margaret  Cabell  Bell,  wife  of  Lieute- 
nant Bell,  U.  S.  N.,  at  present  a  resident  of 
Newburgh,  New-York,  was  a  former  resident  of 
Lynchburg.  She  is  the  daughter  of  the  late  Major 
Richard  Pollard,  Charge-des-Affaires  to  Chili,  and  a 
grand-daughter  of  the  late  Robert  Rives,  Esq.,  of 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  Ill 

Oakridge,  Nelson  county,  Virginia  ;  at  which  place 
she  was  born.  This  lady  possesses  a  very  superior 
mind  and  fine  talents.  Some  years  since  she 
contributed  largely  to  the  Literary  Messenger, 
as  well  as  to  several  periodicals  published  in  the 
North.  One  of  her  poetical  effusions,  which,  some 
years  since,  appeared  in  the  Messenger,  attracted, 
at  the  time,  much  notice  and  commendation,  and  is 
still  remembered  with  much  pleasure  by  those  who 
have  read  it.  The  piece  was  called,  "  Lines  on 
seeing  a  sprig  of  laurel  from  my  birth-place" — and, 
about  the  time  of  its  appearance,  she  wrote  for  the 
same  periodical  a  novellette,  entitled  "  The  Vicis- 
situdes of  Life :"  it  possessed  great  interest,  and 
was  written  in  a  most  finished  style.  This  accom- 
plished lady  has  written  many  other  interesting 
articles;  but,  of  late,  we  believe,  she  has  not 
published  any  of  her  writings. 

A  few  years  since,  Mrs.  Martha  Harrison 
Robinson,  a  sister  of  the  late  Jesse  B.  Harrison, 
translated,  from  the  French,  a  celebrated  work, 
for  which,  from  the  reviews,  she  received  the 
highest  commendation.  It  was  said  that  the  sense 
of  the  original  was  perfectly  preserved,  and  the 
style  unimpaired  by  the  translation,  so  as  for  the 
work  to  be  fully  appreciated  by  the  American 
reader.  Works  of  this  sort  generally  suffer  much 
from  their  translation ;  and,  it  is  said  that,  whilst 


112  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

in  this  country,  the  son  of  Marquis  de  la  Fayette 
was  heard  to  say,  that  "  Corinne"  (Madame  de 
Stael's  celebrated  work)  had  been  so  marred  by 
the  English  translation,  that  no  one  could  have 
a  proper  perception  of  its  beauties,  unless  it  was 
read  in  the  French  language.  The  same  remarks 
are  also  frequently  made  respecting  the  beautiful 
little  book  called  "  Picciola." 

Mrs.  Cornelia  M.  Jordan  is  a  native  and 
resident  of  Lynchburg,  and  is  on  the  mother's  side 
a  near  relative  of  the  Goggin  family  of  Bedford 
county.  Mrs.  Jordan  is  a  lady  of  decided  poetic 
talent,  and  amongst  her  pieces,  the  lines  on 
"  Confirmation"  deserve  a  higher  place  than  the 
corner  of  a  newspaper.  Of  late  she  seems  to 
have  confined  herself  to  literature  for  very  young 
children,  and  we  hope  that  she  will  persevere  in 
that  department,  till  she  makes  herself  as  useful 
as  Mrs.  Trimmer  or  Mrs.  Barbauld. 

The  talented  and  excellent  Mrs.  Woodson*  laid 
our  children  under  great  obligations  by  the  pub- 
lication of  "  The  Southern  Home" — and  her 
untimely  death  is  deplored  by  the  rising  generation 
as  a  real  misfortune.  It  is  highly  desirable  that 
we  should  have  a  juvenile  literature  of  our  own : 
such   books    as    "  Queechy  "    and     "  Wide,    Wide 

*  Of  Charlottesville. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  113 

World '  are  not  adapted  to  Southern  children ; 
and,  until  they  can  procure  better  books  than 
"  My  Brother's  Keeper,"  it  is  high  time  for  the 
South  to  arise  and  furnish  literature  for  the  young, 
•which  can  afford  amusement  and  instruction. 

Dr.  Valentine,  the  celebrated  ventriloquist 
and  entertaining  delineator  of  eccentric  charac- 
ters, was,  in  the  year  1829,  a  resident  of  Lynch- 
burg, being  employed  in  the  druggist  establishment 
of  the  late  Dr.  Howell  Davies ;  and  doubtless  he 
was  at  that  very  time,  like  "Count  Smorltolk" 
(Mr.  Pickwick's  great  traveller),  laying  up  mate- 
rials in  his  brain  for  the  very  amusing  book 
published  by  him  a  few  years  since.  Even  at  that 
early  period  Dr.  Valentine  showed  strong  talents 
for  the  line  of  life  he  has  since  chosen.  He  was 
somewhat  an  improvisatore,  and  performed  in 
private  for  the  amusement  of  his  friends  and 
acquaintances.  He  was  a  man  of  gentlemanly 
appearance,  of  good  family,  well-educated,  and  a 
native  of  one  of  the  Northern  States.  He  made 
a  wise  choice  in  selecting  for  his  profession  that  of 
a  ventriloquist  and  delineator  of  eccentric  charac- 
ter. It  is  much  better  to  take  at  once  to  the  stage, 
than  to  be  an  amateur-professor  of  these  arts. 

[Since  the  above  was  penned,  an  advertisement  in  the  Vir- 
ginian tells  us  that  Dr.  Valentine  has  recently  visited  Lynch- 
burg, delighting  the  good  people  of  the  place  by  his  exquisitely 
humorous  exhibitions.] 


114      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 


PUBLIC  AMUSEMENTS  OF  LYNCHBURG. 

"  'Tis  sweet  to  view  from  half-past  five  to  six, 
Our  long  wax-candles,  with  short  cotton-wicks, 
Touch'd  b}T  the  lamp-lighter's  Promethean  art, 
Start  into  life,  and  make  the  lighter  start : 
To  see  red  Phoebus  through  the  gallery  pane, 
Tinge  with  its  beams  the  beams  of  Drury  Lane, 
"While  gradual  parties  fill  our  widen'd  pit, 
And  gape  and  stare  and  wonder  as  they  sit." 

Horace  Smith's  imitation  of  Rev.  G.  Crabbe. 

"  You've  only  got  to  curtesy,  whisp- 
er, hold  your  chin  up,  laugh  and  lisp, 

And  then  you're  sure  to  take  : 
I've  known  the  day,  when  brats  not  quite 
Thirteen,  got  fifty  pounds  a-night, 

Then  why  not  Nancy  Lake  ? 

Horace  Smith's  imitation  of  Wordsworth. 

The  site  of  the  reservoir  was  a  public  lot,  called 
"Black's  Lot" — and  it  was  there,  in  1819,  that 
the  Circus  companies  reared  their  pavilions,  and 
there  nightly  did  the  ring-master  and  clown  delight 
an  admiring  audience, — the  frequent  repetition  of 
their  wit  and  repartee  having  not  the  smallest 
effect  to  diminish  the  rapture  with  which  all  their 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  115 

sallies  "were  received  by  the  throng  which  con- 
stantly attended  their  exhibitions.  In  those  days, 
it  was  said  that  equestrian  companies  came  earlier 
and  staid  later  in  the  season  in  Lynchburg,  than 
at  any  other  town  of  its  size  in  the  Union. 

Some  few  years  later,  the  Circus  was  held  on 
the  lot  on  which  now  stands  the  house  erected  by 
Captain  Jesse  Perry ;  and,  for  a  season,  Clown 
Lewis,  Messrs.  Hunt  and  Foster,  Master  Lipman 
and  Birdsall  were  the  admiration  of  the  town.  On 
one  occasion,  during  their  performance,  a  violent 
thunder-storm  raged,  so  as  to  put  an  end  for 
the  night  to  the  exhibition,  and  the  audience  had 
to  take  shelter  in  the  ring  with  the  performers. 
On  a  near  approach,  how  much  of  their  grandeur 
disappeared,  and  how  paltry  looked  then  their 
spangles  and  decorations ;  and  what  a  great  dis- 
appointment ensued,  on  finding  the  grotesque 
expression  of  the  clown's  face  was  altogether 
owing  to  paint  and  burned  cork. 

A  few  years  after  this,  an  equestrian  company 
was  established  on  the  vacant  lot  belonging  to 
Dr.  John  Cabell,  and  just  above  his  residence. 
They  were  enjoying  a  brisk  popularity;  and  one 
night,  the  audience  being  particularly  brilliant,  the 
performers  were  so  elated  that  some  of  them  began 
to  play  off  practical  jokes  upon  those  upon  whom 
they  thought  they  might  venture  with  impunity. 
Dr.   John    Cabell  had  come  in   quietly  and  taken 


116  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

his  seat  in  a  retired  part  of  the  pavilion.  Having 
been  engaged  that  day  in  practice,  and  feeling 
much  fatigued,  Dr.  Cabell  soon  fell  asleep.  The 
clown,  entirely  ignorant  of  the  rank  of  this  dis- 
tinguished gentleman,  walked,  or  ran  up  to  him 
in  a  very  comic  manner,  saying,  "  Wake  up,  old 
gentleman,  I  say — presently  you'll  be  going  home, 
saying  you  did  not  see  any  of  the  performance  !" 
But  the  wrong  passenger  had  certainly  been  waked 
up  this  time.  Dr.  Cabell,  jumping  up  from  his 
slumbers,  seized  the  astonished  and  terrified  clown, 
crying  out  "  'Blood  and  thunder' — pack  up  and 
be  off  from  here  before  day  to-morrow  !"  The 
performance  was  stopped,  the  audience  retired, 
and  the  grand  trampaline,  hastily  assembling, 
came  into  council.  It  was  decided  that  the  most 
imposing  of  their  number  should  go  immedi- 
ately, offer  an  apology,  and  petition  for  a  little 
delay  in  their  sentence  of  departure.  After  a 
brief  interview  this  permission  was  granted,  and 
their  bills  for  the  next  night's  performance  were 
posted  up  in  the  morning,  exhibiting  a  more 
tempting  programme  than  had  ever  before  been 
presented  to  the  good  folks  of  Lynchburg  ;  and 
these  performers  were  in  future  very  studious  to 
avoid  anything  approaching  to  a  practical  joke. 

It  was  from  Black's  lot  that  Messrs.  Dunnihew  & 
Charles  for  a  series  of  months  sent  up  their 
balloons,    which,  though   they   were   not   as   now, 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  117 

made  of  silk  and  inflated  with  gas,  still  they  were 
really  pretty  exhibitions,  delighting  a  Lynchburg 
audience ;  and  their  failures  produced  as  great 
excitement  amongst  this  primitive  people,  as  did 
their  success.  A  lad  by  the  name  of  Ogilbie, 
reared  in  Lynchburg,  was  so  much  allured  by  their 
mode  of  life,  that,  leaving  his  profession,  he  ap- 
peared before  his  former  acquaintances  at  the  gate 
or  entrance  of  the  lot,  to  dispose  of  tickets  of 
admission  ;  and  so  much  were  his  former  associates 
dazzled  at  his  appearance  in  all  the  grandeur  of 
pink  cambric,  black  cotton-velvet  and  spangles, 
that  for  some  time  he  was  not  recognised. 

These  balloons  were  inflated  by  means  of  burning 
brown  paper  dipped  in  spirits-of-turpentine,  placed 
in  a  small  wire  car.  On  one  occasion,  two  balloons 
were  sent  up — Adams  and  Crawford ;  but,  on 
cutting  the  cords,  by  reason  of  some  failure,  the 
balloons  refused  to  ascend.  Adams  went  a  short 
distance,  landing  to  the  delight  and  ecstacy  of 
Lynchburg,  in  the  well-lot  belonging  to  Mr.  C.  An- 
thony, whilst  Crawford  rolled  pensively  over  the 
heads  of  the  alarmed  audience,  occasionally  drop- 
ping amongst  them  coals  of  fire  and  burning  paper 
from  its  conflagration — brothers  and  sisters,  parents 
and  children,  husbands  and  wives*  being  parted  in 

*  A  bride  and  bridegroom  attended  this  exhibition,  and  the 
tragico-comico  distress  of  the  husband  and  piercing  cries  for 
his  bride,  were  amusing  at  the  time. 


118  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

the  confusion.  Sometimes  these  exhibitions  were 
very  successful  and  went  off  with  great  eclat,  but 
to  the  major  part  who  attended,  the  conflagration 
of  balloons  was  considered  as  a  sort  of  impromptu 
fire-works.  A  splendid  ascension  was  made  on  one 
evening,  the  balloon  soaring  gracefully  away  and 
taking  a  direction  towards  Amherst  Courthouse. 
Descending  to  the  earth  a  few  miles  this  side  of 
that  place,  it  greatly  alarmed  the  inhabitants  of 
the  plantation,  particularly  an  old  lady,  who, 
fancying  that  the  day  of  judgment  had  arrived, 
mistook  the  balloon  for  the  angel  Gabriel  in  a 
chariot  of  fire. 

A  short  distance  above  the  reservoir,  was  a  long 
low  brick  building,  which  was  then  used  as  a  place 
for  theatrical  performances,*  and,  though  small,  it 
was  well  adapted  to  the  purpose,  having  side-boxes 
and  a  pit :  the  scenery,  too,  was  good,  and  the 
amateur  orchestra,  playing  for  the  Thespian  So- 
ciety, was  very  superior. 

Though  the  writer  has  since  that  time  seen 
Hackett,  Burton,  and  other  celebrated  comedians, 
yet,  putting  aside   all  partiality  for   residents    of 


*  A  •wooden  tenement,  opposite  the  Norvell-House,  was  first 
used  as  a  theatre  by  Thespians — the  tickets  were  presented  to 
friends,  and  no  charge  was  made  ;  the  performance,  too,  was 
very  good.  This  house  was  afterwards  "  Dandrige's  Carriage 
Manufactory." 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  119 

Lynchburg,  she  has  seen  no  performer  who  had  so 
good  a  perception  of  our  English  comedy,  as  the 
late  Hardin  Murrell.  The  late  Mr.  Giles  Word 
and  William  Digges  also  had  considerable  dramatic 
talents,  and  the  plays  of  Colman,  Cumberland, 
Sheridan,  Foote  and  Mrs.  Inchbald,  were  well  per- 
formed by  this  Thespian  Society. 

George  P.  Richardson,  Esq.,  a  resident  of 
Lynchburg,  was  thought  to  have  a  very  decided 
talent  for  the  drama.  He  often  appeared  in  the 
company  of  Thespians,  sustaining  his  parts  with 
ability,  and  eliciting  warm  applause  from  the  audi- 
ences of  Lynchburg.  A  reverse  of  fortune  occur- 
ing,  he  was  induced  to  resort  to  the  stage  as  a 
means  of  support.  He  accordingly  became  mana- 
ger of  the  Richmond  Theatre,  and  though  his 
career  was  a  brilliant  one,  yet  it  resulted  to  him  in 
no  pecuniary  benefit.  Soon  afterwards  he  em- 
barked for  England,  and  appearing  on  the  boards 
of  Druly  Lane  Theatre,  he  there  met  with  a  severe 
disappointment.  His  performance  was  not  appre- 
ciated, and  in  a  brief  time  he  returned  to  his  native 
country.*  The  first  strolling  players  who  appeared 
in  Lynchburg  were  "Brown's  Company,"  who 
visited  the  town  in  1821.     In  this  company  were 


*  It  is  not  remembered  -whether  he  took  to  the  stage  on  his 
return. 


120      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS. 

some  superior  performers.  Placide  at  that  time 
was  a  young  and  handsome  man,  possessing  fine 
manners  and  a  beautiful  countenance.  Many  ro- 
mantic stories  were  told  of  this  young  actor,  and 
it  was  said  that  whilst  in  Lynchburg  he  formed  a 
devoted  attachment.      *****      jn  after 

years  Placide  was  a  distinguished  performer  in  the 
Northern  theatres,  doubtless  having  gained  a  pro- 
per appreciation  of  himself,  and  obtaining  sufficient 
confidence  in  his  powers  during  his  performance  in 
Lynchburg. 

A  few  years  after,  Herbert's  Company  made  a 
considerable  sensation  in  Lynchburg  ;  but  the  last 
strolling  company  performing  in  this  old  theatre  was 
"Cargill's  Company,"  which  appeared  in  Lynch- 
burg during  the  year  1823,  and  remained*  there 


*  This  Company  came  to  Lynchburg  in  considerable  style, 
being  conveyed  in  carriages  and  buggies,  and  their  wardrobe, 
&c,  being  brought  in  baggage-wagons.  But  after  remaining 
there  twelve  months,  they  prepared  to  leave  the  town  by  going 
in  batteau  boats  down  the  river.  An  inhabitant  of  the  place 
enquired  of  Beverly  Snow,  a  well  known  free  colored  man,  what 
mode  of  conveyance  the  Company  designed  taking.  Where- 
upon this  well  known  individual,  with  his  customary  deferential 
manner,  replied :  "  I  believe,  sir,  that  the  play-actors  have  con- 
cluded to  glide  smoothly  down  the  stream,"  which  was  certainly 
one  of  the  greatest  euphemisms,  under  the  circumstaoces,  ever 
uttered  in  Lynchburg.  Beverly  Snow  was  a  highly  respected 
free  colored  man,  and,  with  his  worthy  wife,  Judith  Snow,  kept 
an  oyster-house  at  the  corner  house  afterwards  occupied  by  Col- 


z' 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  121 

nearly  twelve  months.  These  performers  were 
really  good,  not  at  all  resembling  the  celebrated  one 
of  Mr.  Crummies  in  Nicholas  Nickleby,  nor  was  it  ne- 
cessary for  them  to  resort  to  sending  out  in  person 
the  "Phenomenon,"  in  order  to  engage  tickets.  Mr. 
Cargill  was  a  gentlemanly  man,  and  Mrs.  Cargill 
was  said  to  be  lady-like  and  educated,  whilst  the 
beautiful  Mary  Cargill,  their  daughter,  was  univer- 
sally beloved  and  respected  in  Lynchburg.  Those 
good  old  days  have  long  since  passed ;  the  old  the- 
atre no  longer  occupies  the  spot  where  it  then  stood, 
whilst  Dudley  and  Masonic  Halls  are  now  used  for 
such  performances.  But  the  great  defect  in  Dud- 
ley Hall  is,  that  the  audience  have  all  to  sit  in 
front  of  the  performance,  and  rather  lower  than 
the  stage.  The  absence  of  scenery,  too,  is  felt 
sensibly ;  and  the  Avon  Troupe  neither  compares 
with  the  companies  mentioned  above,  nor  the  Thes- 
pian Societies  which  formerly  existed  in  Lynchburg. 


lins  as  a  saddler's  shop.  This  free  man  waited,  we  believe,  on 
Mr.  Van  Buren  whilst  President,  and  he  afterwards  kept  an 
eating-house  in  the  West. 


11 


122  SKETCHES   AND   KECOLLECTIONS 


METHODIST  CHURCH  IN  LYNCHBURG. 

"John  "Wesley  was  more  learned,  and,  in  all  re- 
spects, better  fitted  to  become  the  leader  and  founder 
of  a  sect.  His  father  was  rector  of  Epworth,  in  Lin- 
conshire,  where  John  was  born  in  1703.  He  was 
educated  at  Oxford,  where  he  and  his  brother  Charles 
and  a  few  other  students  lived  in  a  regular  system  of 
pious  study  and  discipline,  whence  they  were  denomi- 
nated i  Methodists.'  After  officiating  a  short  time  as 
curate  to  his  father,  the  young  enthusiast  set  off  as  a 
missionary  to  Georgia,  where  he  remained  about  two 
years.  Shortly  after  his  return  in  1738,  he  commenced 
field-preaching,  occasionally  traveling  through  every  part 
of  Great  Britain  and  Ireland,  where  he  established 
congregations  of  Methodists.  Thousands  flocked  to  his 
standard.  The  grand  doctrine  of  Wesley  was  universal 
redemption,  as  contra-distinguished  from  the  Calvinistic 
doctrine  of  particular  redemption.  Wesley  continued 
writing,  preaching  and  traveling,  till  he  was  eighty-eight 
years  of  age,  his  apostolic  earnestness  and  venerable 
appearance  procuring  for  him  everywhere  profound  re- 
spect. He  had  preached  about  forty  thousand  sermons, 
and  traveled  three  hundred  thousand  miles.  His  highly 
useful  and  laborious  career  was  terminated  on  the  2nd  of 
March,  1791.     His  body  lay  in    a   kind  of  state  in  his 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  123 

chapel  at  London,  the  day  previous  to  his  interment, 
dressed  in  his  clerical  habit,  with  gown,  cossack,  and 
band — the  old  clerical  cap  on  his  head,  a  bible  in  one 
hand  and  white  handkerchief  in  the  other.  The  funeral 
service  was  read  by  one  of  his  old  preachers.  When  he 
came  to  that  part  of  the  Service,  which  reads — '  Foras- 
much as  it  hath  pleased  God  to  take  unto  himself  the 
soul  of  our  deceased  Brother/  his  voice  changed,  and 
he  substituted  the  word  Father — and  the  feeling  with 
which  he  did  this  was  such,  that  the  congregation,  who 
were  shedding  silent  tears,  burst  at  once  into  loud  weep- 
ing.* At  the  time  of  Wesley's  death,  the  number  of 
Methodists  in  Europe,  America,  and  the  West  India 
Islands,  was  eighty  thousand;  they  are  now  above  a 
million,  three  hundred  thousand  of  which  are  in  Great 
Britain   and   Ireland/' 

Chambers'  Sketch  of  John   Wesley. 

The  old  Methodist  Church  of  Lynchburg  was 
founded  in  1804,  and,  since  that  time,  it  has  con- 
tinued in  a  high  state  of  prosperity,  enjoying  the 
pastoral  care  of  able  ministers,  and  numbering 
many  active,  influential  members.  The  first  re- 
collection of  this  place  of  worship,  is  in  the  year 
1819  or  '20,  when  the  church  was  principally  under 
the  care  of  the  Rev.  John  Early.  His  constant, 
untiring  labors,  have,  since  that  time,  never  ceased, 


*  Southey's  Life  of  Wesley. 


124  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

till,  by  imperceptible  degrees,  the  Methodist  church, 
in  upper  Virginia,  has  spread  like  a  great  vigorous 
tree,  around  whose  roots  are  continually  springing 
up  smaller  ones.  Notwithstanding  the  active  em- 
ployment and  frequent  travelling  necessary  in  his 
profession,  Bishop  Early  has  spent  a  great  portion  of 
his  ministerial  life  in  Lynchburg,  which  through  time 
and  eternity  will  continue  to  feel  his  influence.  A 
small,  beautiful  rose,  designated  as  "the  miniature 
rose,"  was  many  years  since  introduced  into  Lynch- 
burg by  Bishop  Early,  who  has  always  had  a  great 
fondness  for  flowers.  A  few  small  shoots  were 
brought  by  him  from  one  of  his  circuits,  and  by 
him  distributed  amongst  his  friends,  and  from  these 
plants  have  descended  all  that  numerous  family  of 
roses  now  seen  in  upper  Virginia.  Frequently, 
where  other  plants  would  not  grow,  this  tenacious, 
hardy  shrub  would  flourish,  and,  in  its  progress  from 
year  to  year,  eradicating  more  delicate  plants,  and 
sometimes,  in  its  course,  wholly  uprooting  from  the 
soil,  weeds,  thistles,  and  even  brambles.  A  strong 
analogy  exists  between  this  simple  plant,  in  its  sure, 
rapid  constant  progress,  and  the  labors  of  Bishop 
Early,  which  have  been  arduous,  incessant  and  un- 
remitted, till  Methodism  in  the  upper  country  has 
become  established  on  a  sure  basis,  other  systems, 
where  less  zeal  has  been  manifested,  giving  way 
before  its  animating  worship. 

Bishop  Early  was  married,  in  1821,  to  Elizabeth 


OP   LYNCHBURG.  125 


.') 


Rives,  a  young  lady  of  great  worth  and  piety.  She 
was  then  in  all  the  freshness  and  bloom  of  early 
womanhood,  and  it  might  naturally  have  been  sup- 
posed that  she  would  sometimes,  like  other  young 
persons,  be  allured  or  carried  away,  particularly  in 
conversation.  But  she  was  grave,  modest,  digni- 
fied— never  losing  sight  of  what  was  due  to  herself 
as  the  wife  of  a  minister,  and  never  forgetting  that 
the  great  business  of  a  Christian  professor  was  to 
show  forth  the  beauty  of  holiness,  not  only  with 
her  lips,  but  in  her  life  ;  and,  doubtless,  much  of 
the  prosperity  of  the  Methodist  Church  has  been 
owing  to  her  influence,  together  with  that  of  other 
eminent  females.  Though  only  a  small  child,  the 
writer  remembers  with  peculiar  pleasure,  an  evening 
spent,  at  that  time,  with  Mrs.  Early,*  in  company 
with  a  few  other  friends.  It  was  whilst  Mrs.  Early 
was  a  bride — the  bright,  beautiful  flush  of  health 
was  on  her  cheek,  her  mild,  thoughtful  eye  beaming 
with  love  and  kindness — and  her  image,  as  she  then 
appeared,  will  ever  remain  deeply  engraven  on 
memory ;  whilst  her  recent  departure  from  our 
midst,  has  tenderly  recalled  incidents  and  scenes 
long  past  and  nearly  forgotten, f  but  now  cherished 
with  pensive  retrospection. 


*  At  the  house  now  occupied  by  Henry  Dunnington,  Esq. 
f  This  excellent  lady  died  during  the  spring  of  1857. 


126  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

About  the  year  1821,  the  Rev.  George  W. 
Charlton  made  Lynchburg  his  residence.  He 
was  a  man  of  splendid  personal  appearance  ;  and, 
being  gifted  with  great  eloquence,  he  exercised  a 
sway  and  influence  which  has  rarely  been  exceeded. 
His  church  was  crowded,  his  catechism  schools 
were  full,  his  society  was  as  much  sought  by  the 
gay  and  worldly  as  by  the  grave  and  pious.  He 
lived  in  the  house  of  Mr.  John  Thurmon  ;  and, 
though  Mr.  Charlton  might  have  much  contributed 
to  the  brilliancy  of  society,  yet  he  rarely  accepted 
invitations,  never  to  parties,  and  very  rarely  would 
he  meet  more  than  a  few  friends  on  a  social  visit. 
He  was,  indeed,  a  zealous  young  minister ;  and  his 
sermons  were  so  striking,  that  the  attention  even  of 
the  most  worldly,  was  arrested.  During  his  resi- 
dence in  Lynchburg,  Mr.  Charlton  was  attacked 
with  hemorrhage  of  the  lungs,  and  the  delicate 
state  of  his  health,  at  this  time,  was  such  as  to 
awaken  the  warmest  interest,  not  only  of  members 
of  his  Church,  but  of  the  affectionate  little  band  of 
children,  whom  he  taught  every  Saturday  at  the 
Methodist  Church.  He  left  Lynchburg,  after  a 
residence  of  two  years,  during  which  time  he 
greatly  contributed  to  the  influence  of  the  Church, 
many  members  being  added  to  its  communion 
during  his  ministry.  A  few  years  after  this  time, 
Mr.  Charlton  married  a  lady  from  the  lower  country, 


OF    LYNCHBURG.  127 

and  since  that  time  he  has  resided  almost  constantly 
in  Petersburg. 

On  his  last  visit  to  Lynchburg,*  he  accompanied 
Miss  Miller,  a  female  Methodist  preacher,  who  was, 
with  her  traveling  companion,  Miss  Hilton,  making 
a  tour  of  the  State.  Notice  having  been  given  that  a 
female  would  preach  at  the  Methodist  Church,  that 
building  was  crowded  to  overflowing  long  before 
the  hour  fixed  for  the  service.  This  remarkably 
interesting  lady  did  not  ascend  the  pulpit,  but  stood 
within  the  altar,  taking  for  her  text — "  The  Spirit 
and  the  bride  say,  Come  ;"  and  so  profound  was  the 
silence  which  reigned  throughout  the  church,  that 
not  a  word  was  lost  of  her  beautiful  and  touching 
address ;  and  several  of  the  sentences  of  that 
discourse,  heard  in  childhood,  are  still  remembered. 
At  one  time,  her  eloquent  appeal  being  in  these 
words  : — "  Oh,  immortal  spirits  !  bound  for  the  bar 
of  God,  what  madness  hath  possessed  you?" 

At  that  time,  the  Rev.  William  A.  Smith  was 
the  stationed  Methodist  minister  of  Lynchburg. 
He  was  a  very  young  man,  but  even  then  giving 
promise  of  what  he  has  since  become.  The 
eloquence  of  his  preaching,  his  zealous  prayer- 
meetings,  his  pastoral  visits,  were  all  greatly 
blessed ;  so  that,   during  the  summer  of  1828,    a 

*  In  the  spring  of  1828. 


128      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

revival  took  place  in  his  church,  which,  for  perma- 
nency of  effect,  has  never  been  equalled.  The 
gayest  and  most  careless  were  led  to  inquire  the 
way  of  salvation,  many  converts  were  made,  and 
large  numbers  were  added  to  the  Methodist  Church  ; 
but  a  part  of  them  connected  themselves  with  the 
Episcopal  Church,  continuing  to  this  day  its  de- 
voted members.  In  the  fall  of  that  year,  Mr. 
Smith  was  united  in  marriage  to  Miss  Ellice  M. 
Miller,  the  female  preacher ;  and  since  that  period, 
his  history  and  brilliant  career  have  placed  this 
distinguished  man  so  before  the  public  that  farther 
comment  is  here  unnecessary. 

Rev.  William  Martin  resided  a  few  miles  above 
Lynchburg ;  but,  together  with  his  excellent  wife, 
he  spent  the  greater  portion  of  his  time  in  the  city. 
He  was  a  very  good,  harmless,  old  man,  of  middle 
stature,  and  not  possessing  any  great  intellectual 
gifts.  He  used,  however,  to  say,  that  from  one 
certain  text  he  could  preach  a  sermon,  in  which  he 
would  acknowledge  no  superior.  That  favorite  dis- 
course was  from  the  text : — "  Is  there  no  balm  in 
Gilead  ?  is  there  no  physician  there  ?"  He  described 
himself  as  having  been  in  his  youth  a  remarkably 
handsome  man  ;  and  he  had  been  heard  to  say, 
that,  attending  at  that  time  a  ball,  dressed  in  shorts, 
knee-buckles,  ruffled  shirt,  &c,  he  found  himself  in 
the  dance  vis  a  vis  to  General  Washington ;  and  Mr. 


OP   LYNCHBURG.  129 

Martin  alleged  that  he  considered  himself  a  much 
handsomer  and  finer  looking  individual  than  the 
Father  of  his  Country.  All  of  uncle  Martin's  foibles 
were  innocent,  and  there  is  no  doubt  that  he  was 
an  humble,  sincere  Christian,  and  a  man  of  most 
upright  and  exemplary  character. 

Mrs.  Elizabeth  Martin,*  wife  of  Rev.  William 
Martin,  was  a  lady  of  great  mental  attainments, 
joined  to  deep  and  fervid  piety.  She  was  very  lovely 
in  personal  appearance,  and  exercised  a  great  influ- 
ence in  Lynchburg,  where  she  was  much  beloved. 
The  members  of  the  Methodist  Church,  as  well  as 
others,  considering  it  a  privilege  to  have  her  as 
a  guest — her  example  was  an  inestimable  benefit, 
and  her  prayers  a  protection  to  a  household.  Sur- 
viving for  some  years  her  venerable  partner,  she, 
from  that  time,  made  the  hospitable  mansion  of 
Mrs.  Ann  Irvine  her  principal  residence.  Mrs. 
Martin  died  early  in  the  spring  of  1831,  and  those 
who  had  the  privilege  of  beholding  this  sainted 
woman  during  the  last  few  weeks  of  her  life,  will 
ever  regard  that  time,  when  looking  back,  as  a 
Boca  in  their  earthly  pilgrimage.  During  the 
whole  of  her  last  illness,  she  sat  erect  in  her  arm 
chair,  habited  with  her  customary  neatness,  and, 


*  This  lady  was  a  niece  of  Edmund  Pendleton. 


130  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

whilst  in  that  position,  her  gentle  spirit  took  its 
flight  to  a  heavenly  home.  Her  chamber  was  at 
the  time  filled  with  a  concourse  of  sorrowing 
friends,  many  of  whom  sent  messages  to  their  re- 
latives in  Heaven.  Some  comments  were,  at  the 
time  made  on  this  ;  but  it  seems  a  holy,  beautiful 
thought,  mingled  with  poetical  feelings,  all  of  which 
we  find  so  sweetly  embodied  in  Mrs.  Hemans' 
"  Message  to  the  Dead."  The  funeral  of  Mrs.  Mar- 
tin was  preached  at  the  old  Methodist  Church,  and 
none  can  forget,  who  heard  that  eloquent  discourse, 
or  listened  to  the  sublime  words  of  "  The  Dying 
Christian,"  sung  by  the  choir  of  the  Church,  which, 
at  that  time,  numbered  the  finest  singers  in 
Lynchburg. 

About  the  year  1825,  Father  Hersey,  "the 
walking  circuit-rider,"  made  his  appearance  in 
Lynchburg.  He  was  an  eccentric,  but  really  ex- 
cellent man,  of  striking  appearance,  and  with  a 
manner  of  speaking  at  once  most  fervid  and 
eloquent.  He  had  unfortunately  become  involved 
in  debt,  and  in  order  to  extricate  himself,  he  wore 
clothes  of  the  plainest  kind,  made  of  coarse  fabrics, 
and  he  walked  to  all  of  the  different  churches  within 
his  circuit,  appropriating  the  money  thus  saved  to 
the  liquidation  of  his  debts.  By  this  course  of 
frugality  and  self-denial,  he  insured  the  respect  of 
the  community,  who  were  always  ready  to  listen  to 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  131 

him  attentively,  even  though  he  told  them  the  truth 
with  severity.  This  venerable  man  survives,  and 
is,  we  understand,  still  a  member  of  the  Baltimore 
Conference. 

It  is  proper  to  mention  in  this  place,  the  name  of 
Mr.  Thurmon,  who  was  a  devout  member  of  the 
church,  aiding  in  its  extension  by  his  blameless  life 
and  example.  When  very  young,  he  had  held, 
during  the  Revolutionary  war,  an  employment  in 
the  army,  and  to  him  were  accorded  the  honor  and 
privilege  of  residing  for  a  length  of  time  with 
Washington  and  La  Fayette,  in  that  small  stone 
building  in  the  city  of  Richmond,  now  so  rever- 
enced on  account  of  its  distinguished  inmates  at 
that  time.  When  General  La  Fayette  visited  Rich- 
mond in  1825,  Uncle  Thurmon*  made  him  a  visit 
at  that  place,  habited  in  the  same  clothes  which  he 
had  worn  whilst  living  in  the  stone-house  with  him- 
self and  General  Washington.  The  interview  was 
extremely  interesting  and  affecting,  La  Fayette 
receiving  him  with  open  arms,  whilst  down  the 
manly  cheeks  of  the  brave,  gallant  Frenchman 
flowed  tears  of  emotion.  Uncle  Thurmon  possessed 
nearly,  or  quite  as  much  influence  in  his  church  as  a 


*  This  venerable  man  was  always  spoken  of  in  Lynchburg  as 
Uncle  Thurmon. 


132  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

minister  of  the  gospel.  He,  with  the  other  elders 
of  the  Methodist  Church,  sat  inside  the  altar,  with 
their  faces  turned  towards  the  preacher,  and  when- 
ever a  part  of  the  discourse  touched  them  particu- 
larly, they  expressed  audibly  their  approbation, 
in  such  words  as  "  Amen,  even  so,  Lord;"  "  God 
grant  it."  These  expressions,  uttered  fervently, 
so  stimulated  and  animated  their  preachers,  that 
truly  they  might  have  been  styled  "  Boanerges" — 
for  it  was  then  that  those  burning  words  were  utter- 
ed, which  pierced  the  consciences  and  entered  the 
hearts  of  the  hearers,  so  that  multitudes  would  throng 
the  altar,  inquiring,  with  tearful,  agonized  accents, 
"What  must  I  do  to  be  saved?"  Mr.  Thurmon 
lived  to  a  great  age,  passing  away  calmly  from 
earth,  and  leaving  to  his  numerous  descendants, 
the  rich  inheritance  of  his  blameless,  well-spent 
life. 

John  Thurmon  was  a  worthy  son  of  this  most 
excellent  man.  He  was  by  trade  a  saddler,  carry- 
ing his  piety  into  the  workshop  as  well  as  the 
church.  He  was  a  man  of  most  kind,  benignant 
feelings,  remarkably  gentle  and  affectionate  in  his 
disposition,  and  at  all  times  showing  that  love  to 
his  neighbor,  so  enjoined  in  the  Word  of  God.  In 
no  act  of  his  life  has  more  good  resulted  than 
in  the  establishment  of  the  first  Sunday  school 
in    the    State   of    Virginia.     In    the   year   1817, 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  183 

he  was  the  principal  agent  in  the  formation  of  this 
Sabbath  school,  which  was  held  in  the  old  Metho- 
dist Church,  and  from  which  have  emanated  all  the 
other  Sunday  schools  in  the  State,  and  the  immense 
benefits  resulting  from  the  first  one  will  be  felt 
through  time  and  eternity.  Several  members  of 
Congress  owed  their  first  education  to  the  Sabbath 
school,  established  first  in  Lynchburg. 

John  Thurmon  married  a  daughter  of  the  late 
Mrs.  Essex,  and  for  many  years  they  resided  in  a 
neat  white  house,  not  far  from  the  Reservoir.  He 
died  in  the  year  1855,  leaving  a  numerous  family, 
nearly  all  of  whom  are  inhabitants  of  Lynchburg. 
Many  female  members  of  this  Church  possessed  great 
influence,  being  gifted  with  eloquence  in  prayer 
and  exhortation,  so  that  they  greatly  strengthened 
their  minister's  hands  ;  but,  out  of  a  large  number, 
only  two  of  this  class  will  now  be  mentioned,  both  of 
them  eminent  for  all  of  the  social  virtues,  as  well 
as  for  usefulness  in  the  Church. 

Mrs.  Essex*  was,  for  many  years,  a  resident  of 
Lynchburg.  She  was  married,  when  very  young, 
to  Mr.  Simpson ;  and  she  was  the  mother  of  Mr. 
James  Simpson,  and  of  Miss  Jane  Simpson,  well- 
known  in  this  community.    After  the  death  of  Mr. 


*  We  think  she  is  a  native  of  Fredericksburg. 

12 


134      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

Simpson,  her  first  husband,  Mrs.  Simpson  married 
the  Rev.  Mr.  Essex,  at  that  time  a  minister  of  the 
Methodist  church.  Her  only  daughter,  Miss  Eliza 
Essex,  became  the  wife  of  Mr.  M.  Lyman,  now  a 
resident  of  Lewisburg.  Mrs.  Essex  was  a  lady  of 
a  very  strong  mind  and  excellent  heart,  and  was 
moreover  gifted  with  a  remarkable  command  of 
language,  and  a  facility  of  expressing  herself  both 
gracefully  and  eloquently,  particularly  on  religious 
subjects.  She  joined  to  those  gifts  a  knowledge  of 
medicine,  which  greatly  extended  her  influence 
throughout  Lynchburg  and  the  adjoining  country; 
and  so  skillful  and  well-informed  was  she  in  her 
profession,  that  she  might  aptly  have  been  styled 
"  The  Baudelocque"  of  upper  Virginia.  This  ex- 
cellent lady  died  many  years  since  in  Lynchburg, 
leaving  a  void  in  the  Church  to  which  she  belonged, 
not  easily  supplied. 

Mrs.  Mary  Brown  was  a  native  of  Bedford 
county.  Her  maiden-name  was  Mary  Hancock, 
and  she  was  a  sister  of  Ammon  Hancock,  a  well 
known  merchant  of  Lynchburg.  Her  memory  will 
tenderly  be  cherished  by  a  large  circle  of  friends 
in  the  city ;  nor  can  she  ever  be  forgotten  by  those 
who  have  shared  her  kindness  and  hospitality. 
Though  passing  often  through  the  deep  waters  and 
fiery  furnace  of  affliction,  she  was  ever  the  patient 
and  submissive  Christian.     Twice  was  her  domestic 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  135 

hearth  invaded  by  death  in  violent  forms — one  of 
her  sons  being  instantly  killed,  by  a  loaded  wagon 
passing  over  him ;  and  a  few  years  subsequent  to 
this  heart-rending  event,  a  younger  son  came  to 
his  end  in  consequence  of  the  accidental  discharge 
of  a  gun  in  the  hands  of  a  school-companion. 
Yet,  after  the  first  burst  of  sorrow,  she  was  enabled 
to  see  the  hand  of  God  even  in  these  mournful 
casualties.  In  perfect  harmony  with  her  holy, 
exemplary  life,  was  the  triumphant  scene  in  her 
chamber  of  death ;  and,  standing  on  the  confines 
of  eternity,  she  discerned  so  clearly,  through  faith, 
the  promised  land,  that  her  last  words  were,  "  Joy, 
joy  !  I  am  almost  home  !" 

Can  we  wonder  at  the  growth  and  prosperity  of 
a  Church,  which  numbered  amongst  its  worshipers 
such  women  as  Mrs.  Mary  Brown  ?  Would  that 
her  example  might  stimulate  all  who  remember  her, 
to  press  onwards  to  the  high  mark  of  their  calling 
in  Christ  Jesus ;  so  that,  at  the  solemn  hour  of 
dissolution,  they  may,  like  her,  feel,  that 

"  Jesus  can  make  a  dying  bed, 

Feel  soft  as  downy  pillows  are, 
"Whilst  on  His  breast  I  lean  my  head, 
And  breathe  my  life  out  swsetly  there." 


136  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 


THE  EXPERIENCE  OF  MRS.  ELIZABETH  MARTIN. 

Mrs.  Elizabeth  Martin*  was  born  September, 
1750,  in  the  county  of  King  &  Queen,  Virginia. 
She  is  the  daughter  of  Mr.  John  Pendleton,  who 
was  a  man  of  respectability  and  a  member  of  the 
Church  of  England.  Her  mother  died  when  she 
was  young,  and  her  father  intermarried  a  second 
time;  but  she  still  continued  with  him  till  she  was 
seventeen  years  of  age,  when  she  was  married  to 
William  P.  Martin,  her  present  husband.  She  tells 
her  religious  experience  nearly  in  the  following 
words : 

"From  my  youth  I  had  a  propensity  for  different 
diversions,  particularly  for  dancing.  My  fondness  for 
this  last  was  such,  that  when  at  a  ball  I  scarcely  could 
even  think  of  taking  ordinary  sustenance.  I  was  so 
fascinated  with  music,  company  and  mirth,  that  I  was 
entirely  led  off  from  thinking  of  a  future  state,  or 
making  preparation  for  death  and  judgment.  At  six- 
teen  years    of    age,  I   enjoyed  a   remarkable  share   of 

*  The  above  article  is  taken  from  "The  Evangelical  Maga- 
zine," a  religious  paper,  published  in  Lynchburg  as  early  as 
1810.  It  -was  sent  in  by  James  Brown,  Esq.,  of  that  place, 
after  the  work  was  in  press;  and,  to  the  numbers  in  upper 
Virginia,  who  loved  and  reverenced  this  remarkable  woman, 
a  perusal  of  her  experience  will  doubtless  be  interesting. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  137 

health,  and  was  blest  with  a  good  constitution,  both 
of  which  I  sadly  impaired  by  overheating  myself  at  a 
dance,  and  then  going  out  into  the  night  air.  By 
°ne  particular  instance  of  this  kind  of  imprudence,  I 
laid  a  foundation  for  a  long  and  dangerous  spell  of  sick- 
ness, from  which  I  never  entirely  recovered.  My  case 
was  thought  desperate  by  the  physicians :  still,  I  was  not 
afraid  to  die,  and  only  regretted  the  thought  of  leaving 
my  friends  and  relations  in  this  world.  But  I  was 
destitute  of  religion,  and  had  never  once  heard  that 
our  nature  must  be  changed — that  we  must  be  born 
of  the  Spirit,  before  we  can  have  a  right  to  the  Kingdom 
of  Heaven.  It  was  a  time  of  great  darkness,  and  I 
had  no  one  to  take  me  by  the  hand  and  lead  me 
into  the  paths  of  peace  and  happiness.  I  had  not, 
however,  the  least  opposition  to  religion,  or  the  pro- 
fessors of  it — except  only,  that  once  I  was  offended 
with  a  preacher  whom  I  thought  carried  matters  too  far. 

"  For  several  years  after  my  marriage,  I  still  indulged 
myself  in  the  gaieties  and  follies  of  the  world.  We 
lived  in  a  neighborhood  of  dancers,  with  whom  I  freely 
joined,  still  entertaining  the  fashionable  opinion  that 
it  was  not  wrong.  In  this  opinion  I  was  joined  and 
strengthened  by  my  companion,  who  also  was  fond  of 
merriment  himself,  and  played  on  the  violin.  Thus 
we  spent  our  precious  time  together,  in  partaking  of 
the  frothy  and  trifling  things  of  this  world,  unthoughtful 
of  the  hand  which  supported  us,  and  wholly  taken  up 
with  the  '  things  that  perish  in  the  using/ 

H I   was   awakened   to  a   sense   of  my  lost  estate,  by 
nature,  by  a   woman   who,  from  religious    motives,  had 


138  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

quitted  the  practice  of  dancing.  I  thought  she  was 
wrong,  and  took  uncommon  pains  to  convince  her.  But 
she  turned  the  scales  upon  me,  and,  by  a  few  words, 
convinced  me  not  only  that  I  was  wrong,  but,  moreover, 
that  I  was  a  vile,  ungrateful  sinner.  She  quoted  this 
important  truth  from  Scripture,  i  That  we  must  be 
converted' — a  phrase  that  I  had  never  heard,  or,  at 
least,  had  never  considered  before.  This  had  the 
desired  effect.  It  brought  about  an  immediate  self- 
examination,  which  was  attended  with  Divine  light, 
and  I  soon  plainly  discovered  that  I  was  far  gone  from 
original  righteousness — that  I  was  a  most  ungrateful  be- 
ing, and,  although  I  could  not  charge  myself  with  any 
scandalous  sins,  so  called  by  the  world,  I  found  myself 
destitute  of  everything  truly  and  religiously  good,  my 
life  having  been  devoted  to  the  pleasures  and  maxims 
of  this  poor  and  wicked  world.  Immediately,  I  felt 
determined,  by  the  grace  of  God,  to  seek  for  true  re- 
ligion, let  the  consequence  be  what  it  might,  and 
engaged  in  reading,  prayer  and  meditation.  The  Word 
of  God  was  my  delight :  things  began  to  appear  in  a 
different  light,  and  I  was  condemned  by  the  Word  of  God 
and  by  my  own  conscience.  I  had  violent  opposition 
from  various  quarters,  particularly  from  my  husband, 
who  peremptorily  forbid  my  going  to  meeting,  and  often 
declared  that,  unless  I  would  quit  this  new  course  of 
mine,  he  would  live  with  me  no  longer.  Once,  because 
I  attended  a  meeting  in  his  absence,  he  was  so  much 
irritated  that  he  whipped  the  boy  that  waited  on  me  to 
the  meeting,  and  went  off  for  a  short  season.  This  was, 
indeed,  a  trying  time — how  to  act  so  as  to  please  God 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  139 

and  be  obedient  to  my  husband.  I  expostulated,  and 
told  him  I  had  a  soul  to  save,  and  must  do  it — that 
I  was  willing  to  comply  with  all  his  reasonable  com- 
mands, and  would  do  everything  I  could  with  a  clear 
conscience  to  please  him,  but  could  go  no  farther.  I 
felt  more  and  more  the  necessity  of  heart-felt  religion, 
and  was  much  in  earnest  to  obtain  it.  I  had  parted 
with  all  my  actual  sins  (as  I  verily  believe),  except 
one,  for  which  I  had  a  great  propensity  :  it  was  jesting. 
I  had  great  delight  to  please  the  company  I  then  kept, 
and  was  of  a  very  volatile  disposition.  In  the  meantime 
I  heard  of  a  people  called  '  The  Methodists/  and  was 
very  desirous  to  hear  them  preach,  but  was  debarred 
from  it  for  two  or  three  years.  I  took  some  pains  to 
make  myself  acquainted  with  the  different  tenets  of 
the  various  sects,  that  I  might  judge  for  myself;  and, 
from  what  I  could  learn,  the  Methodists  held  opinions 
which  accorded  with  mine. 

"  We  were  then  living  in  King  William  county, 
in  the  midst  of  a  people  much  opposed  to  vital  religion 
and  utterly  ignorant  of  spiritual  things ;  and  I  pray 
God  for  them,  that  they  may  not  still  continue  in  the 
same  darkness.  About  the  beginning  of  the  Revolu- 
tionary war,  however,  we  removed  up  the  country, 
and  settled  in  Halifax  county,  Virginia,  where  I  had 
the  great  gratification  to  hear  a  Methodist  preacher. 
His  name  was  John  Dickins.  It  was  a  comfortable 
season.  His  doctrines  were  edifying,  and  well  coincided 
with  the  creed  which  I  had  formed  for  myself.  He 
preached  from  Second  Corinthians,  chapter  v.  verse 
17th — '  Therefore,   if  any   man    be   in   Christ,  he  is  a 


140      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

new  creature' — and  his  words  came  with  power.  Even 
my  companion,  who  heard  in  much  prejudice,  acknowl- 
edged he  never  had  heard  a  man  who  knew  how  to 
preach  extempore,  till  then ;  and,  I  believe,  through 
the  instrumentality  of  this  man,  my  companion  was 
awakened  to  seek  the  salvation  of  his  soul.  After 
reading  the  Rules  of  the  Methodist  Society,  he  proposed 
joining  members  to  form  a  class.  I  was  so  captivated 
with  his  preaching,  doctrine  and  Rules,  that  I  would 
gladly  have  joined  him  immediately,  and  partaken  of 
the  reproaches  of  Christ  which  had  fallen  upon  this  little 
body  of  people.  But  my  companion  did  not  consent. 
I  was  determined,  however,  to  keep  the  Rules,  although 
my  name  could  not  be  enrolled  on  their  class  paper. 
After  this,  I  was  freed  from  restraint  about  hearing  them 
preach;  and,  in  a  few  weeks,  I  went  to  hear  a  youth 
of  eighteen — Ishum  Tatum.  Although  a  mere  beardless 
boy,  he  spake  by  the  energy  of  the  Spirit;  and,  whilst 
he  pronounced  the  words  of  truth,  I  was  blessed  with 
the  spirit  of  adoption.  My  load  of  sin  fell  off — peace 
and  joy  sprung  up  in  my  soul — love  to  God  and  man 
flowed  into  my  heart — and  I  knew  that,  '  For  me,  the 
Saviour  died  !'  My  witness  was  so  clear  and  manifest, 
that  not  a  doubt  of  its  reality  has  ever  arisen  in  my 
mind.  I  was  so  overpowered,  by  divine  grace,  that, 
for  some  time,  I  forgot  my  home ;  and,  with  truth,  I 
could  say,  '  Old  things  are  passed  away !  Behold  all 
things  are  become  new  !' 

"That  day,  four  weeks,  the  young  preacher  came 
again ;  and,  after  his  sermon  was  ended,  again  proposed 
to  admit  members  into  his  Society :  and,  to  the  surprise 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  141 

of  every  one  present,  my  companion  went  forward  and 
desired  to  have  his  name  enrolled  as  a  member.  This 
was  highly  pleasing  to  me  ;  and  I,  also,  went  forward 
and  joined  at  the  same  time.  This  took  place  about 
thirty-three  years  ago.  Thus  happily  placed  among  the 
people  whom  I  loved  as  my  soul,  I  felt  inexpressible  joy, 
whilst  we  sweetly  took  counsel  together.  The  preaching 
place  was  near  our  house,  so  that  I  could  conveniently 
attend  the  preaching  and  class-meetings;  and  we  had 
comfort  in  helping  each  other  on,  in  our  way  towards 
the  peaceful  shores  of  bliss. 

"  After  having  been  some  time  in  this  state  of  peace 
with  God,  through  our  Lord  Jesus  Christ,  I  began  to 
discover  there  were  greater  attainments  in  religion  than 
those  I  had  as  yet  experienced.  Although  I  felt  no 
condemnation  for  actual  transgression,  yet  I  found  my 
heart  was  not  wholly  given  to  God  :  I  did  not  love  the 
Lord  with  all  my  soul,  might,  mind  and  strength.  I  found 
remains  of  the  carnal  mind,  and  that  the  body  of  sin 
was  not  destroyed.  Again  I  began  to  double  my  dili- 
gence in  calling  upon  God,  reading  his  precious  Word, 
and  in  hearing  discourses  on  the  doctrine  of  sanctifica- 
tion.  It  was  not  long  till  I  was  nearly  convinced  it  was 
my  privilege  to  enjoy  this  unspeakable  blessing.  I  was 
then  frequently  determined,  by  the  grace  of  God,  to  seek 
after  it,  and  not  rest  till  I  had  found  the  blessed  treasure; 
and  I  as  often  saw  with  clearness,  that,  without  holiness 
of  heart  and  life,  no  one  shall  see  the  Lord.  Sometimes 
I  had  no  doubt  but  that  the  Lord  would  bestow  it  upon 
me,  sooner  or  later,  and  began  to  cry  to  God   to  sanctify 


142  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

me  throughout  soul,  body  and  spirit — to  give  me  that 
perfect  love  which  casteth  out  fear  ! 

'  Oh  make  me  all  in  Thee  complete ! 
Oh  make  me  all  for  glory  mete  !' 

But  I  was  several  times  discouraged  by  conversing  with 
some  professors  of  religion  in  the  neighborhood,  who 
declared  against  the  possibility  of  the  attainment,  and 
appealed  to  their  own  experience  for  their  own  confirma- 
tion. At  length,  however,  my  conviction  of  the  reality 
of  this  grace  was  still  more  deepened,  and  I  was  brought 
to  cry,  mightily  too,  in  earnest  expectation  of  the  bless- 
ing. And  the  Lord  was  good  and  gracious  unto  me. 
He  heard  and  answered  my  petition.  I  was  enabled,  by 
faith,  to  trust  His  great  and  precious  promises  ;  and  I 
knew,  by  joyful  experience,  that  '  Grod  was  faithful  and 
just,  not  only  to  forgive  us  our  sins,  but  also  to  cleanse 
us  from  all  unrighteousness.' 

"  This  great  and  happy  additional  change  took  place 
something  more  than  two  years  after  I  had  experienced 
the  forgiveness  of  my  sins.  From  that  time,  even  until 
now,  I  feel  myself  a  poor,  needy  and  unprofitable  crea- 
ture— the  least  of  all  God's  people ;  but  let  His  name 
be  praised  for  the  revelation  of  this  grace.  I  do  know  I 
love  Him  with  my  whole  heart.  I  love  His  law — I  love 
His  people ;  and  I  had  rather  be  a  door-keeper  in  His 
house,  than  dwell  in  the  palaces  of  kings.  I  daily  feel 
that  love  which  passeth  all  understanding,  and  is  full 
of  glory  !  '  I  reckon  myself  dead  unto  sin,'  '  and  to  this 
world.'    I  feel  universal  love  and  good  will  to  men ;    and 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  143 

my  daily  and  heart-felt  prayer  to  God  is,  t  Thy  will  be 
done  on  Earth  as  it  is  in  Heaven  V  I  have  no  confidence 
in  the  flesh — and  I  can  say  with  truth,  i  The  life  I  now 
live,  is  by  faith  in  Christ  Jesus/ 

*  There  is  my  home  and  portion  fair, 
My  treasure  and  my  heart  are  there, 

And  my  abiding  home. 
For  me,  my  elder  Brethren  stay, 
And  angels  beckon  me  away, 
And  Jesus  bids  me  come  !' 

"  It  may  be  useful  to  others  for  me  to  state,  that  I 
have  been  much  afflicted  with  sickness,  and,  for  more 
than  twenty  years,  have  hardly  experienced  one  well  day. 
In  the  year  1780,  I  went  to  the  Warm  Springs,  but  ex- 
perienced very  little  benefit.  Several  years  afterwards,  I 
visited  the  Sweet  Springs,  and  found  some  relief;  and 
the  last  few  years  of  my  life  have  been  the  most  healthy 
I  have  experienced  for  the  space  of  forty  years.  But, 
blessed  be  the  name  of  the  Lord,  I  am  bound  to  say  that, 
under  all  my  pain  and  sufferings,  I  never  had  a  mur- 
muring thought.  With  the  Psalmist,  I  felt  '  It  was 
good  for  me  to  be  afflicted' — and  was  constanily  sup- 
ported by  the  words  of  the  great  Apostle  to  the  Hebrews  : 
1  Whom  the  Lord  loveth,  He  chasteneth/ 

"  I  have  now  been  endeavoring  to  walk  in  the  way  of 
obedience  thirty-six  years ;  and  it  has  been  something 
more  than  thirty-three  years,  since  I  was  brought  to  the 
knowledge  of  God  in  the  pardon  of  my  sins.  And  in  all 
this  course  I  have  found,  that  it  is  by  faith  alone  that  I 
have  attained  to  anything  pertaining  to  true  godliness. 
When  I  obtained  mercy  at  the   first,  I  was  enabled   to 


144  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

believe  that  Jesus  Christ,  the  Saviour  of  the  world,  had 
died  for  all,  and  especially  for  me.  I  loved  the  Lord, 
for  He  had  first  loved  me.  I  ventured  my  soul  upon 
Him,  and  felt  joy  and  peace  in  the  Holy  Ghost.  When 
I  was  burdened  with  a  conscious  sense  of  inbred  corrup- 
tion, I  ventured  again  to  cast  myself  upon  his  mercy  and 
his  power,  believing  Him  *  able  and  willing  to  save  to  the 
uttermost,  them  that  believe/  My  prayer,  then,  was, 
'  Give  me  a  clean  heart,  oh  God  !  and  renew  a  right 
spirit  within  me/ 

"  From  the  day  that  my  faith  in  God  became  stead- 
fast, even  until  now,  I  enjoy  a  continual  peace — a  peace 
which  flows  like  a  river.  I  am  still  a  monument  of  the 
Divine  mercy ;  and  I  feel,  as  much  as  ever,  disposed  to 
spend  my  few  remaining  days  to  the  honor  and  glory  of 
the  Redeemer's  grace.  The  hope  of  an  immortal  crown 
now  raises  my  heart  above  the  trifling  toys  of  this  vain 
world.  I  am  not,  however,  without  my  comforts  here — 
for  I  take  the  greatest  delight  in  the  worship  of  God, 
and  in  the  fellowship  of  the  saints.  I  have  joy  in  seeing 
the  prosperity  of  Zion.  When  I  first  became  a  member 
of  the  Methodist  Society,  there  were  not  more  than  three 
or  four  thousand  on  this  whole  continent,  including  all 
the  riding  preachers,  twenty  in  number.  From  this 
little  cloud,  I  have  seen  the  work  spread,  until  I  have 
now  lived  to  hear  there  are  not  less  than  sixteen  thousand 
members,  five  hundred  riding  and  two  thousand  local 
preachers.  May  God  continue  to  bless  his  vineyard. 
Great  Father  of  Light,  let  Thy  kingdom  come,  Thy  will 
be  done,  on  Earth  as  it  is  in  Heaven. 

E.  Martin.'' 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  145 


THE    OWENS    FAMILY. 

"  Ah  me  !  full  sorely  is  my  heart  forlorn, 

To  think  how  modest  worth  neglected  lies, 
While  partial  Fame  doth  with  her  blasts  adorn, 
Such  deeds  alone,  as  pride  and  pomp  disguise, 
Deeds  of  ill  sort,  and  mischievous  emprise, 
Lend  me  thy  clarion,  goddess  !  let  me  try 
To  sound  the  praise  of  merit,  ere  it  dies. 

"  In  elbow  chairs,  (like  those  of  Scottish  stem, 
By  the  sharp  tooth  of  cankering  old  defaced, 

In  which,  when  he  receives  his  diadem, 

Our  sovereign  prince  and  liefest  liege  is  placed,) 
The  matron  sat ;  and  some  with  rank  she  graced, 
The  source  of  children's  and  of  courtier's  pride,) 

Redressed  affronts — for  vile  affronts  there  passed — 
And  warned  them  not  the  fretful  to  deride, 
But  love  each  other  dear,  whatever  them  betide." 

Extracts  from  Shenstone's  School-Mistress. 

Owen  Owens  and  Mrs.  Jane  Owens  were  na- 
tives of  Augusta  county,  but  soon  after  the  settle- 
ment of  Lynchburg  they  removed  thither,  where 
they  soon  became  the  most  prominent  of  its  inhab- 
itants, giving  to  the  newly  formed  town  influences 
13 


146  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

"which  have  greatly  tended  to  advance  its  prosperity 
and  refinement. 

Mr.  and  Mrs.  Owens  -were  well  educated  and  in- 
telligent, possessing,  in  a  high  degree,  the  purest 
and  most  refined  species  of  mental  culture — for  they 
both  had  the  most  enthusiastic  love  for  the  beauti- 
ful, as  seen  in  creation,  particularly  in  shrubs, 
plants  and  flowers,  "which  they  cultivated  in  great 
perfection,  thus  investing  life  with  all  the  poetry  of 
which  it  is  capable,  and  diffusing  through  Lynch- 
burg a  taste  for  Botany  and  Floriculture. 

They  established  in  this  town  a  school,  which  was 
first  kept  at  the  house  on  the  corner  opposite  to  the 
old  Masons'  Hall,  but  removing  to  the  present  resi- 
dence of  Dr.  William  Owens,  the  school  was  for 
many  years  kept  in  the  basement  of  that  house : 
and  from  that  room  have  been  carried  impressions 
whose  influence  will  be  felt  through  time  and 
eternity. 

The  heart  expands  at  the  mention  of  the  name 
of  Owens,  and  there  are  doubtless  many  now  in 
Lynchburg,  besides  numbers  scattered  throughout 
the  Union,  who  will  sympathize  in  these  emotions. 
Mrs.  Owens  was  the  beloved  instructress  of  nearly 
every  child  in  Lynchburg,  and  grateful  indeed 
should  the  present  inhabitants  feel,  could  they  com- 
mand the  services  of  such  a  teacher.  Incredible 
was  the  rapidity  with  which  her  pupils  were  brought 
forward.     In  those  good  old   days,  learning  was 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  147 

taken  in  the  natural  way ;  and  there  were  no  pleas- 
ing series  with  pictures  to  allure  on  the  child,  but 
only  Webster's*  Spelling-Book,  in  an  unmitigated 
form,  with  the  Bible  and  Testament  as  sole  reading 
books  for  beginners ;  yet  her  pupils  made  more 
rapid  progress  than  those  of  the  present  day,  with 
all  of  their  alleviations,  correct  spelling  and  beau- 
tiful penmanship  being  the  peculiar  forte  of  our 
beloved  instructress.  Having  an  enthusiastic  love 
for  flowers,  these  simple,  beautiful  tokens  were 
given  out  by  her  on  Friday  evening  as  rewards. 
She  had  a  knowledge  of  drawing  and  painting,  and 
gave  lessons  in  these  accomplishments.  Plain  and 
ornamental  needle-work  were  important  branches 
in  her  school,  and  many  of  her  patterns  and  designs 
would  put  to  shame  those  in  Godey's  Lady's  Book. 
Judicious  and  impartial,  she  reigned  supreme  in  the 
hearts  of  the  loving  band  of  young  children  who  en- 
circled her,  and  no  clouds  overshadowed  this  happy 
abode,  till  the  death  of  Mr.  Owen  Owens ;  but 
after  this  period,  Mrs.  Owens  resumed  her  labors, 
continuing  them  for  many  years,  and  relinquishing 
them  most  unwillingly  on  the  advance  of  age  and 
infirmity.     She  survived  her  husband  many  years, 


*  Mrs.  Owens  was  among  the  first  in  Virginia  who  adopted 
this  spelling-book,  and  at  a  time  when  his  pronunciation  and 
his  manner  of  dividing  words  was  ridiculed  by  most  persons. 


148  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

living  to  an  advanced  age,*  and  when  full  of  years 
and  honors,  she  calmly  breathed  her  last  at  the  re- 
sidence of  her  daughter,  in  the  town  of  Lynchburg. 
The  taste  for  flowers,  drawing  and  painting  was 
not  all  for  which  Lynchburg  was  indebted  to  the 
Owens  family.  Many  years  since  they  established 
a  circulating  library,  with  a  number  of  choice 
volumes  by  the  best  authors.  The  works  of  Madame 
de  Stael,  Madame  de  Sevigne,  Madame  de  Genlis, 
the  works  of  Lady  Morgan,  Miss  Burney,  Monk 
Lewis,  the  works  of  Miss  Edgeworth,  as  many  as 
were  then  written — all  these  adorned  their  book- 
shelves, in  addition  to  a  large  quantity  of  useful 
and  valuable  reading,  which  fostered  in  Lynchburg 
a  taste  for  the  best  writings;  and  Owens'  Circulating 
Library  has  been  the  means  of  bringing  many  ac- 
quainted with  the  standard  British  authors,  and 
stimulating  them  to  pursue  still  farther  their  read- 
ing, when  perhaps  their  taste  for  literature  might 
have  remained  dormant,  but  for  the  facilities  afforded 
by  this  library. 

Of  this  family  alone  survive  Mrs.  Henry  La- 
tham and  Dr.  William  Owens,  both  well  known 
and  beloved  in  our  community.     Dr.  Owens  is  much 


*  Should  not   her   numerous  pupils  over  the  United  States 
unite  to  place  a  monument  over  her  remains  ? 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  149 

esteemed  for  his  excellence,  and  valued  for  his  skill 
in  medicine ;  but  both  of  these  qualifications  are  only 
secondary  in  comparison  with  his  many  virtues  as  a 
son  and  brother ;  his  dutiful  and  affectionate  con- 
duct to  his  parents  in  his  early  youth,  his  respectful, 
devoted  attachment  to  them  when  they  were  aged 
and  infirm,  his  tender  care  of  sisters  and  brothers, 
to  whom  he  acted  the  part  of  a  parent — all  these 
it  is,  which  make  us  admire  and  respect  this  good 
man,  and  ardently  desire  that  he  may  experience 
fully  the  truth  of  the  only  commandment  with  pro- 
mise. Dr.  William  Owens  married,  when  a  young 
man,  Jane  Latham,  of  Culpeper.  She  was  a  lady 
of  great  worth  and  intelligence,  and  her  death 
many  years  since,  was  a  sad  loss  to  her  husband 
and  young  family. 

There  were  two  younger  brothers  of  Dr.  William 
Owens — Benjamin  Franklin  and  Septimus  D. 
Owens.  They  were  young  men  of  fine  intellectual 
gifts,  and  of  great  promise,  but  both  of  them  died 
young.  These  brothers  were  remarkably  hand- 
some, and  their  portraits,  beautifully  taken  in  oil, 
still  remain  in  the  family,  serving  to  recall  the  past 
in  a  manner  both  pleasant  and  mournful. 

After  the  decease  of  Mr.  Owen  Owens,  the 
family  continued  unbroken  till  the  death  of  Mrs. 
Hughes,*  the  oldest  daughter.     Sarah  Owens  pos- 

*  In  1820  or  '21,  according  to  the  memory  of  the  writer. 


150  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

sessed  the  loveliest  traits  of  character,  and  was 
greatly  beloved  in  Lynchburg,  where  she  resided. 
She  had  been  married  for  some  years  to  Mr. 
Hughes,  and  they  lived  about  a  square  from  the 
residence  of  Mrs.  Owens.  Occasionally  we  would 
see  her  with  her  sister  and  mother,  and  before  we 
could  define  why  it  was,  we  felt  better  and  happier 
after  we  had  been  with  them.  On  a  Friday  morn- 
ing in  the  summer  of  1820,  we  hastened  as  usual  to 
school,  ever  anxious,  as  we  were,  to  meet  our  beloved 
teacher,  but  missing  her  from  her  accustomed  place, 
we  were  told  by  a  domestic  that  her  mistress  had 
been  sent  for  in  the  night  to  see  Mrs.  Hughes,  who 
was  dangerously  ill. 

The  heart-rending  notes  of  distress  from  her 
young  sister  up  stairs,  told  us  in  thrilling  accents, 
that  Mrs.  Hughes  was  in  the  last  extremity.  Pre- 
vious to  this  time,  an  unexpected  holiday  had 
always  been  a  delight,  for  then  we  would  go  off  in 
small  bands  to  roam  the  adjacent  hills  for  plants 
and  flowers,  often  stimulated  in  the  pursuit  by  the 
anticipated  pleasure  of  presenting  some  of  these 
simple  offerings  to  our  beloved  instructress.  But 
on  this  day  no  joy  could  such  pursuits  afford ;  we 
dispersed,  it  is  true,  to  the  hills,  but  ere  attaining 
the  summit  of  the  highest  and  most  beautiful,  the 
mournful  notes  of  the  bell  announced  to  us  that 
Mrs.  Hughes  had  breathed  her  last,  and  the 
solemn  knell  was  echoed  through  glen  and  valley, 


OP    LYNCHBURG.  151 

till  the  number  of  years  of  the  deceased  had  been 
tolled. 

The  following  Monday  we  returned  to  school,  and 
our  teacher,  as  usual,  sat  by  her  little  table,  the 
moisture  in  her  eye  and  slight  tremor  of  her  hand 
alone  evincing  outwardly  the  sorrow  within ;  and 
we  knew  not,  till  in  after  years,  what  efforts  it  cost 
that  bereaved  mother,  so  soon  to  again  enter  upon 
the  active  duties  of  life.  Two  lovely  little  girls, 
the  daughters  of  Mrs.  Hughes,  we  found  domes- 
ticated with  their  grandmother,  and,  with  tender- 
ness and  childish  sorrow,  we  gazed  on  these  young 
children,  so  early  deprived  of  their  mother ;  and 
feeling  that  though  we  could  not  recall  the  dead, 
we  could  at  least  bring  more  peace  to  our  own 
hearts,  by  cherishing  the  living  ;  and  from  that  hour 
we  all  felt  bound  to  those  little  beings  by  the 
strongest  cords  of  love  and  sympathy ! 


152  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 


SCHOOLS  ON  CHURCH  STREET. 

"  While  some  on  earnest  business  bent, 

Their  murmuring  labors  ply, 
'Gainst  graver  hours  that  bring  content, 

To  sweeten  liberty, 
Some  bold  adventurers  disdain 
The  limits  of  their  little  reign, 

And  unknown  regions  dare  descry  ; 
Still  as  they  run  they  look  behind, 
They  hear  a  voice  in  every  wind, 

And  snatch  a  fearful  joy." 

Ghat's  lines  on  a  distant  view  of  Eaton  College. 

The  schools  on  this  street  were  so  numerous 
that  it  might  very  properly  have  been  called 
"  School  Street."  One  of  these  institutions  was 
kept  by  John  Reid,  Esq.,  in  the  house  now  occu- 
pied by  Mr.  John  Cary.  Mr.  Reid  was  a  younger 
brother  of  the  Rev.  W.  S.  Reid,  and  he  was  re- 
markable for  steady  discipline,  governing  his  pupils 
with  all  the  vigor  and  energy  of  "  Canny  York- 
shire." In  the  next  house  above  was  a  school  kept 
by  Mrs.  Loyd  ;  and  the  house  at  the  corner,  just 
below  the  present  residence  of  Dr.  William  Owens, 


OP   LYNCHBURG.  153 

was  occupied  by  Mr.  Rawson,  a  native  of  New 
England,  who  kept  there,  for  boys,  an  excellent 
classical  school.  The  excellent  institution  of  Mrs. 
Owens  has  already  been  mentioned  in  the  preceding 
chapter ;  and  the  house,  at  the  corner  above,  just 
across  the  street  from  the  old  Masonic  Hall,  was 
the  residence  of  Mrs.  Victor,  a  venerable,  excellent 
lady,  from  Fredericksburg.  Her  daughter,  Mrs. 
Lucy  Johnson,  then  resided  with  her  mother,  and 
long  will  the  former  lady  be  affectionately  remem- 
bered in  Lynchburg,  for  her  kindness  to  the  sick 
and  afflicted.  Possessing  a  very  retentive  memory, 
and  a  fund  of  anecdote,  her  society  was  peculiarly 
acceptable  to  the  invalid ;  and  so  great  were  her 
conversational  powers,  that  she  would  attract  the 
young  to  her  for  hours,  causing  them  to  forget 
engagements  made  to  join  a  gay  circle.  Her 
sister,  Miss  Maria  Victor,  kept,  for  many  years, 
an  excellent  school  in  the  basement  of  that  house, 
and,  being  a  worthy  communicant  of  the  Presby- 
terian Church,  her  scholars  were  principally  the 
children  of  members  who  worshiped  with  that 
denomination.  Miss  Maria  Victor  was  the  first 
teacher  who  introduced  medals  in  Lynchburg,  the 
system  having  been  by  her  fairly  tested,  and  the 
results  being  such  as  to  show  that  their  use  tended 
to  stimulate  pupils,  and  to  induce  amongst  them  a 
spirit  of  emulation.  She  was  an  advocate  for 
colonization,  liberating   some    valuable   slaves   be- 


154  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

longing  to  her,  amongst  them  Tom  Dyson,  well 
known  in  Lynchburg  as  an  accomplished  servant 
and  excellent  carriage-driver. 

Musical  instruments,  at  this  time,  were  very  rare 
in  Lynchburg,  and  an  old  spinet  stood  in  this 
school-room,  bereft  of  all  its  strings,  save  one,  and 
looking  quite  as  pensive  and  mournful  as  Tara's 
harp.  Yet  this  ancient  piano  was  looked  upon 
with  great  awe  and  respect,  by  the  urchins  from 
the  different  schools  in  that  vicinity. 

A  school  was  always  kept  in  the  old  Masonic 
Hall  of  Lynchburg.  In  the  year  1822,  one  was 
established  there  by  the  Rev.  F.  G.  Smith  ;  and 
in  a  few  years,  he  was  succeeded  by  John  Cary, 
Esq.,  who  then  as  now  exercised  a  powerful  in- 
fluence in  this  town.  It  has  been  said  that  one 
reason  that  there  are  not  more  good  male  teachers 
is,  that  the  employment  is  generally  regarded  as 
only  a  stepping-stone  to  some  of  the  learned 
professions,  and  the  time  occupied  in  imparting 
instructions,  is  too  often  regarded  as  a  time  of 
probation,  till  circumstances  permit  the  teacher  to 
emerge  as  a  barrister  or  a  physician.  May  not  the 
great  success  which  has  attended  Mr.  Cary  in  this 
department,  be  owing  somewhat  to  his  having  made 
teaching  his  permanent  profession  ?  It  is  highly 
desirable  that  there  should  be  more  who  choose  for 
their   avocation  that  of  teaching,    and    diligently 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  155 

pursue  it  for  a  term  of  years,  after  the  example 
of  Mr.  Cary. 

There  was  great  rivalry  between  the  pupils  of 
these  numerous  institutions,  none  of  them  being 
willing  to  acknowledge  a  less  number  of  pupils 
than  assembled  in  the  school-rooms  attended  by 
their  companions.  Frequent  practical  jokes  were 
played  off,  by  way  of  retort,  on  those  who  made 
insinuations  against  teachers,  pupils  and  school- 
rooms ;  and  every  opportunity  of  this  sort  was 
greatly  prized  by  all  of  the  scholars  on  that  street, 
particularly  by  those  attending  the  boys'  school, 
held  in  the  Masonic  Hall. 

In  the  year  1828,  a  man  by  the  name  of 
Watson  appeared  in  Lynchburg,  with  hand-bills  and 
advertisements,  affirming  that,  in  sixteen  lessons 
he  would  give  a  thorough  knowledge  of  the  Eng- 
lish Grammar — stating,  also,  that  the  years  usually 
spent  in  studying  the  structure  of  the  English 
language  was  nothing  but  a  wanton  and  sinful 
waste  of  our  precious  time.  The  tendency  of 
human  nature,  in  general,  has  been  to  find  a  royal 
road  to  geometry,  and  this  disposition  was  now, 
with  respect  to  grammar,  manifested  in  the  good 
town  of  Lynchburg.  Accordingly,  crowds  of 
urchins,  who  had  never  before  dreamed  of  any 
kinder  intention  than  that  of  murdering  the  King's 
English,  were  now  entered  as  pupils  to  Mr.  Watson. 


156  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

This  personage  was  a  spare,  sedate  looking  man, 
his  hair  ornamented  with  a  queue,  and  his  dress 
composed  entirely  of  light  pea-green  cloth.  He 
was  the  beau-ideal  of  one  of  the  greatest  humbugs 
that  ever  gladdened  Lynchburg.  His  school  was 
in  the  basement  of  a  house  owned  and  occupied  by 
Mr.  Schoolfield,  situated  at  the  corner  of  the  street 
leading  down  to  the  old  post-office.  This  gram- 
marian kept  closed  doors,  and  was  particularly 
annoyed  at  any  kind  of  interruption,  save  that 
of  some  deluded  person  coming  to  enter  fresh 
candidates  for  this  high-pressure  grammar  system. 

Silas  Vawter*  was  at  that  time  a  pupil  at 
the  Masonic  Hall,  where  the  system  of  fagging 
was,  to  a  degree,  kept  up,  as  at  Westminster  School 
and  Eaton  College.  A  very  small  boy,  named 
Callaway,  generally  acted  as  fag  to  Mr.  Vawter, 
performing  sundry  little  jobs,  by  way  of  saving  the 
aforesaid  young  gentleman  trouble ;  but,  on  one 
occasion,  Callaway  testifying  great  unwillingness 
to  bring  fresh  water,  Silas,  like  a  wise  statesman, 
concluded  that  it  was  better  to  promise  a  reward 
for  the  performance,  than  punish  for  the  refusal. 
So,  in  an  unwary  moment,  he  agreed  to  give  this 
small  boy  the  sum  of  twelve  and  a  half  cents.  As 
the  promise  remained  unfulfilled,  Silas  was  soon 
politely  reminded  of  it  by  his  young  creditor ;  and 

*  The  elder  brother  of  Bransford  Vawter. 


OF  LYNCHBUKO.  157 

owing,  likewise,  a  small  grudge  to  Watson  and 
some  of  his  scholars,  Vawter,  with  ready  humor, 
gave  Callaway  an  order  on  the  former  for  the 
amount,  telling  him  to  enter  the  school-room  boldly, 
and,  before  showing  the  written  order  to  Watson, 
to  state  to  him  the  business  which  had  brought  him 
there.  Accordingly,  he  stalked  up  to  the  Grammar 
School,  knocking  loudly  at  the  door,  which  was 
opened  by  Watson  himself,  who  inquired  of  the 
boy  his  errand.  Callaway  was  in  the  habit  of 
stammering  very  much,  and,  being  now  somewhat 
embarrassed  and  intimidated  by  the  august  presence 
of  Watson  and  the  grammar-class,  he  stammered 
out,  "  Si- si-si,  Vaw-Vaw-Vaw-ter-ter  sa-sa-says, 
that  you  are  in-de-de-debt-ed  to  him  ni-ni-nine- 
pence ! "  "  What  is  that  you  say,  you  little 
scoundrel  ?"  Whereupon,  the  chap  again  com- 
menced with  "  Si-si,  Vaw-Vaw-ter-ter" — but  long 
before  he  had  half  gotten  through  his  tedious 
narration,  up  went  Watson's  cane,  and  speedily 
from  the  grammar-hall  disappeared  this  youthful 
dun,  never  daring  again  to  enter  this  classic 
abode. 

In  this  neighborhood  lived  those  excellent  people 
and  good  citizens,  the  Sumpters,  Schoolfields,  and 
many  members  of  the  Thurmon  family.  Mr.  Jehu 
Williams  resides  a  little  above.  His  first  wrife 
wTas  a  lady  of  great  worth,  and  she  was  the  mother 
of  many  fine  women,  some  of  whom  reside  in  this 
14 


158  SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

State ;  and  Mrs.  W.  P.  Bryant,  one  of  them,  being 
an  inhabitant  of  Baltimore.  His  second  wife,  "was 
Miss  Susan  Tompkins,  a  lady  of  a  most  amiable 
disposition,  and  a  daughter  of  the  Rev.  Mr.  Tomp- 
kins, of  the  Presbyterian  Church.  The  venerable 
mother  of  Mrs.  Susan  Williams  was  well  known 
and  esteemed  in  Lynchburg,  of  which  place  she 
was  really  the  oldest  inhabitant. 

The  Wallace*  family  lived  a  few  doors  above ; 
and  nearly  opposite  was  the  modest  dwelling  of  the 
good  Mr.  Thurmon,  the  patriarch  of  the  town. 
Close  by  the  latter  dwelling,  was  the  humble  abode 
of  Milly  Cocper,  a  free  woman  of  color,  who  there 
lived  with  the  unfortunate  maniac,  her  son,  Archie 
Cooper ;  and  just  above,  was  the  residence  of  the 
excellent  Mrs.  Polly  Brown,  which  is  now  occupied 
by  her  son,  Henry  Brown,  Esq. 

The  house  at  present  owned  and  occupied  by 
Dr.  Gilmer,  was,  in  1818,  inhabited  by  George 
Tucker,  Esq. ;  and  the  one  opposite,  was  the  re- 
sidence of  the  family  of  Duffel,  excellent  citizens, 
of  Scottish  descent ;  and  the  residence  of  Mr. 
Richard  Tyree  stands  below  this  house.  He  was 
an  honest,  good  citizen,  and  the  husband  of  Mrs. 
Mildred     Tyree,    a     very   lovely    woman    and    a 


*  Mrs.  Wallace  afterwards  married  the  Rev.  Mr.  Cole,  of  the 
Methodist  Church,  a  gentleman  of  great  worth  and  piety. 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  159 

member  of  the  Quaker  denomination.  Just  oppo- 
site "was  the  dwelling  of  Captain  Peter  Dudley, 
an  excellent  man  and  good  citizen.  He  married 
Miss  Davis,  the  daughter  of  William  Davis,  Sr., 
one  of  the  oldest  and  most  influential  of  the  citi- 
zens of  Lynchburg.  Just  above  the  residence  of 
Dr.  Gilmer,  lived  Mr.  James  Gilliam,  a  worthy 
man ;  and  the  next  house  above,  was  the  residence 
of  Mrs.  Eliza  Echols,  the  widow  of  Joseph 
Echols,  Esq.,  a  well-known  citizen  of  Lynchburg, 
who  died  more  than  thirty-three  years  since.  His 
excellent  wife  had  then  a  double  duty  to  perform, 
in  rearing  and  educating  her  young  family,  which 
consisted  of  one  daughter  and  three  sons  ;  and  about 
the  year  1829,  she  broke  up  housekeeping  in 
Lynchburg,  removing  from  that  place  to  New 
Haven,  Connecticut,  whither  she  carried  her  chil- 
dren for  the  advantage  of  attending  the  Seminary 
of  Dr.  Dwight.  As  soon  as  her  daughter  had 
finished  her  education,  Mrs.  Echols,  returning  to 
her  native  State,  chose,  as  a  place  of  residence, 
Lexington,  in  order  that  her  sons  might  finish  their 
education  at  Washington  College.  This  excellent 
lady  survives,  and  is  now  a  resident  of  Union, 
Monroe  county,  at  which  place  resides  her  daughter, 
Mrs.  Allen  T.  Caperton.  Her  sons  are  well 
known  and  esteemed  in  Virginia: — Mr.  Edward 
Echols,    of   Rockbridge;    John   Echols,  Esq.,    of 


160  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

Monroe ;  and  Mr.  Robert  J.  Echols,  of  Rich- 
mond. 

The  house  now  occupied  by  Dr.  John  Patterson, 
"was,  in  1819,  the  residence  of  Mr.  James  Stuart, 
■who  married  a  daughter  of  Major  William  Warwick, 
and  the  house  nearly  adjoining  the  Methodist 
Church,  was,  for  many  years,  the  residence  of  Mrs. 
Nancy  Tait,  a  sister  of  the  late  George  White- 
locke,  of  Petersburg  ;  and  the  house  just  above  the 
Methodist  Church,  and  at  the  foot  of  the  hill,  was 
inhabited  by  Mr.  Cullensworth  and  his  sister, 
Mrs.  Martin,  who  resided  there  many  years  with 
her  sons  and  daughter.  These  good  people  were 
members  of  the  Methodist  Church,  and  their  abode 
was  ever  open  to  young  visitors  from  the  schools 
on  that  street,  who  would  resort  thither  to  amuse 
themselves  with  Mrs.  Martin's  fine  swing,  or  to 
gaze  with  wonder  and  admiration  at  the  wax  figures 
of  the  "  Babes  in  the  Wood,"  sleeping  peacefully 
in  death ! 

"  No  burial  or  covering 
Were  given  to  the  pair  ; 
But  little  Robin  Redbreast 
Did  cover  them  with  care." 

All  of  which  affecting  particulars  were  read  in 
those  days  from  a  large  edition,  and  were  religiously 
believed. 

The  white  house  on  the  cross  street,  from  Dr. 
Gilmer's  to  Main  street,  was  (if  memory  does  not 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  161 

deceive),  for  a  brief  period,  the  residence  of  Wil- 
liam and  Jane  Lynch.  It  was  afterwards  the 
residence  of  a  Mr.  Duffy — and  it  was  here  that 
"  Duffy's  Brewery  "  was  kept.  It  was  afterwards 
the  abode  of  Green  B.  Lewellen ;  and  then  a  man, 
by  the  name  of  Wilson,  kept  there  an  "entertain- 
ment" for  gentlemen,  wagoners  and  hog-drovers. 
The  house  occupied  by  Dr.  Gilmer  was  also,  at 
one  time,  the  residence  of  Mrs.  Elizabeth  Camm, 
of  Amherst  county.  This  lady  was  the  wife  of  Mr. 
Camm,  well-known  and  esteemed  for  bril- 
liant talents.  She  was  the  mother  of  Robert 
Camm,  who  was  also  remarkable  for  his  fine 
talents,  and  whose  early  death  was  much  deplored 
by  a  large  circle  of  friends.  This  venerable  lady 
survives,  and,  at  an  advanced  age,  retains  all  of 
her  faculties  in  a  remarkable  degree.  She  resides 
on  her  estate,  in  the  county  of  Amherst,  managing 
her  domestic  concerns  with  great  energy.  Mrs. 
Camm  is  the  mother  of  Mrs.  Donald  and  Mrs. 
Anderson,  of  Bedford ;  Mrs.  William  Saunders,  of 
Lynchburg;  and  Mrs.  Dr.  David  Patterson,  of 
Amherst.  Mrs.  Camm  also  resided,  for  a  time,  in 
the  house  opposite  ;  and  in  the  house  on  the  hill 
now  occupied  by  Mr.  Cabaniss.  The  house  on  the 
hill,  now  occupied  by  Mr.  Biggers,  was  the  abode  of 
Mr.  Roberts,  a  member  of  the  Friends'  Society, 
who  married  Miss  Lynch,  one  of  the  daughters  of 
the  founder  of  Lynchburg ;    and  this  house  is  now 


162      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

occupied  by  a  grand-daughter  of  this  worthy  man, 
Mrs.  Mildred  Biggers. 

Exactly  opposite  the  residence  of  Dr.  William 
Owens,  was  a  brick  cottage,  with  two  doors  opening 
on  the  street.  This  spot  is  invested  with  a  pecu- 
liar interest  from  its  having  been  the  residence  of 
John  Hampden  Pleasants,  who  lived  there  with  his 
lovely  wife  during  the  brief  period  of  their  married 
life,  though  this  sweet  woman  was  at  her  mother's 
house  at  the  time  of  her  sudden  death. 

In  1826,  the  house  occupied  by  Dr.  Gilmer  was 
the  residence  of  Mr.  David  Patterson,  of  Buck- 
ingham. He  was  a  good  man,  and  honest,  useful 
citizen ;  and  was  a  younger  brother  of  Mr.  Alex- 
ander Patterson,  who  was  the  first  to  run  stages 
between  Lynchburg  and  Richmond.  This  latter 
gentleman  was  a  person  of  great  energy  and  enter- 
prise ;  and,  at  the  time  he  first  started  his  line  of 
stages,  the  road  between  the  town  and  the  city  of 
Richmond,  was  almost  impassable,  and  the  "Leath- 
ern Convenience"  only  plied  once  a  week  between 
the  two  places  : — the  coaches  then  were  very  little 
better  than  wagons,  and  the  passengers  clambered 
in,  by  way  of  the  driver's  seat,  in  front.  When 
the  stages  began  to  be  made  comfortable,  and  to 
have  side-doors,  they  were  considered  as  most  lux- 
urious conveyances :  they  then  made  two  trips  in 
one  week,  and,  finally,  they  made  tri-weekly  trips, 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  163 

which  were  thought  to  be  the  greatest  speed,  at 
which  public  conveyances  could  arrive.  But  since 
the  canal  and  railroad  have  been  in  operation,  the 
pleasures  of  stage-travelling  are  now  scarce  known, 
whilst  all  those  well  known  and  celebrated  stop- 
ping places — "Upper  Patterson's,"  " Lower  Pat- 
terson's, "  "French's,"  "Raines'  Tavern" — are 
broken  up,  and  many  public  houses  on  the  Rich- 
mond road  untenanted,  save  by  owls  and  bats. 

The  house  now  owned  and  occupied  by  Dr. 
Saunders,  was,  in  1833,  the  residence  of  Dr.  Gus- 
tavus  Rose,  a  well  known  and  esteemed  physician 
of  Lynchburg.  This  gentleman  was  the  youngest 
brother  of  those  remarkable  women,  Mrs.  James 
Pleasants,  Mrs.  Spottswood  Garland,  Mrs.  Charles 
Irvine,  Mrs.  Landon  Cabell,  Sr.,  and  Mrs.  Cope- 
land,  of  Cumberland.  Dr.  Rose  married  Anna, 
daughter  of  David  S.  Garland,  Esq.,  of  Amherst 
county.  No  one  in  Lynchburg  can  ever  forget  this 
lovely  woman,  so  remarkable  for  all  the  traits  which 
adorn  the  wife,  mother  and  friend  ;  and  feelings  of 
the  past  so  rush  into  our  heart,  filling  it  with 
sweet,  hallowed  memories  of  her  many  virtues,  that 
we  feel  inadequate  to  give  such  a  sketch  of  her  as 
would  do  justice  to  her  memory.  About  twenty- 
three  years  since,  Dr.  Rose  emigrated  to  Indiana, 
where  his  excellent  wife  died  in  1856,  leaving  a 
large  family  settled  near  Laporte,  Indiana. 


164  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 


THE    LANGHORNE   FAMILY. 

"  The  same  fond  mother  bent  at  night 
O'er  each  fair  sleeping  brow  ; 
She  held  each  folded  flower  in  sight — 
Where  are  those  dreamers  now?  " 

He  MANS. 

A  large  old  wooden  Hotel  stood  nearly  opposite 
the  Episcopal  Church.  It  was  formerly  the  "  Bell 
Tavern,"  kept  for  many  years  by  Mr.  Wells.*  It 
was  afterwards  the  residence  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Doug- 
lass, who  there  kept  a  Seminary ;  then,  for  a  time, 
it  was  inhabited  by  the  late  Mr.  Pleasant  Pastier. 
It  was  a  rumbling  old  building,  reminding  one  of 
the  "Blue  Lion,  Muggleton,"  the  "Great  White 
Hart,"  or  "  The  Great  White  Horse  Cellar."  Some 
years  since,  this   edifice  was  purchased  by  Colonel 

*  Are  there  any  surviving,  who  attended  school  on  Church 
Street  many  years  since,  when  a  fat  boy  and  girl  were  exhibited 
at  this  place  ?  Their  pictures  were  swung  out  from  the  porch, 
greatly  alluring  the  little  folks  who  passed  by  ;  that  of  the  fat 
boy,  with  an  orange  in  his  hand,  and  a  portrait  of  the  girl  with 
a  full  blown  rose. 


f 
OF   LYNCHBURG.  165 

Maurice  Langhorne,  and  by  him  much  modernized. 
It  was  the  happy  and  hospitable  abode  of  this  family 
for  some  years,  but  it  has  since  been  pulled  down, 
and  in  its  place  now  stands  a  stately  building,  quite 
like  the  style  of  Philadelphia  or  New  York. 

Colonel  Maurice  Langhorne  was  a  native  of 
Cumberland  county,  and  in  early  life  was  united 
in  marriage  to  Elizabeth  Allen,  a  lady  of  great 
worth  and  loveliness,  and  for  a  number  of  years 
after  this  event,  they  resided  in  the  vicinity  of 
Cumberland  Court-house.  In  the  year  1828,  re- 
moving with  his  family  to  Lynchburg,  he  for  a  term 
of  years  leased  the  beautiful  residence  of  William 
Lewis  Cabell,  the  house  now  occupied  by  D.  Payne, 
Esq.  Their  arrival  was  quite  an  epoch  in  the  social 
life  of  Lynchburg ;  for  the  amiable,  kindly  disposi- 
tion of  the  Langhorne  family,  joined  to  their  hospi- 
tality, soon  made  their  abode  a  favorite  place  in 
the  town.  Mrs.  Elizabeth  Langhorne  was  greatly 
beloved  and  esteemed,  and  her  memory  will  ever  be 
fondly  cherished  by  friends,  who  will  look  back 
with  admiration  on  her  lovely  exemplification  of  the 
Christian  life.  In  this  house,  passed  away,  in  the 
spring  of  1832,  one  of  the  fairest  and  loveliest  girls 
of  Lynchburg.  Sally  Cary  Langhorne,  the 
second  daughter  of  Colonel  Maurice  Langhorne, 
died  at  the  age  of  seventeen.  Lovely  both  in  per- 
son and  character,  her  untimely  death  spread  for  a 


166  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

length  of  time  a  gloom  over  the  town.*  Death 
could  not  efface  the  beauty  of  this  young  girl,  and 
very  many  went  to  the  house  of  her  father  to  gaze 
on  her  lifeless  remains,  which,  in  their  beautiful  re- 
pose, resembled  an  angel. 

Elizabeth  Langhorne,  the  eldest  daughter, 
was  singularly  lovely  in  appearance.  Her  form 
perfectly  symmetrical,  her  complexion  pure  and 
beautiful,  her  bright  golden  hair  actually  seeming 
to  gild  her  youthful  features,  throwing  around  them 
a  halo. 

Whilst  the  heart  throbs  with  tender  emotion  at 
the  recollection  of  a  beloved  school-mate,  we  cannot 
adequately  express  the  warm  appreciation  we  have 
of  this  very  lovely  woman.  She  became  the  wife 
of  Anderson  Armistead,  Esq.,  blessing  his  house 
hold  with  the  sunshine  of  her  cheerful,  loving 
heart.  Rejoicing  as  a  wife  and  mother,  she  was 
called,  during  the  full  tide  of  youth  and  happiness, 
to  join  her  beloved  sister  in  heaven ;  and  mourn- 
fully do  we  now  record  the  departure  of  MARY,f 

"  The  last  of  that  bright  band. 


*  The  funeral  of  this  sweet  girl  was  preached  three  times  ; 
once  at  the  Presbyterian  Church,  whither  her  remains  were  car- 
ried, and  on  the  Sabbath  afterwards,  it  was  preached  by  her 
affectionate  teacher,  Rev.  F.  G.  Smith,  and  the  Sabbath  follow- 
ing it  was  preached  at  the  Reform  Methodist  Church. 

f  This  amiable  lady  was  the  youngest  daughter  of  Colonel 


OF  LYN.CHBURG.  167 

She  was  the  wife  of  J.  Kerr  C  aside,  Esq.,  sur- 
viving her  marriage  only  a  short  time,  and  soon 
following  to  the  grave  her  infant  child. 

Colonel  M.  Langhorne,  with  a  numerous  family 
of  sons,  resides  in  Lynchburg,  and  though  some- 
what advanced  in  years,  he  retains  the  energy,  ac- 
tivity and  cheerfulness  of  youth.  Most  industrious 
in  his  habits,  a  long  course  of  diligence  in  his  pur- 
suits has  been  crowned  with  an  ample  fortune, 
which  he  enjoys  in  a  rational  manner,  establishing 
during  his  lifetime  his  children  and  descendants. 


Langhorne,  and  greatly  beloved  by  all.     She  died  several  years 
previous  to  the  death  of  Mrs.  Armistead. 


168  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 


IIENRY  LANGHORNE— MRS.  FRANCES  LANGHORNE. 

"  When  I  consider  how  my  light  is  spent, 
Ere  half  my  days,  in  this  dark  world  and  wide, 
And  that  one  talent  which  is  death  to  hide, 
Lodged  with  me  useless,  though  my  soul  more  bent 
To  serve  therewith  my  Maker,  and  present 
My  true  account,  lest  he,  returning,  chide ; 
'  Doth  God  exact  day  labor,  light  denied  ? ' 
I  fondly  ask  ;  but  Patience,  to  prevent 
That  murmur,  soon  replies,  '  God  doth  not  need 
Either  man's  work  or  his  own  gifts ;  who  best 
Bear  his  mild  yoke,  they  serve  him  best ;  his  state 
Is  kingly ;  thousands  at  his  bidding  speed 
And  post  o'er  land  and  ocean  without  rest ; 
They  also  serve,  who  only  stand  and  wait!'  " 

Milton's  Sonnet  on  his  own  blindness. 

Henry  Langhorne  was  a  brother  of  Colonel 
Maurice  Langhorne,  and  was  likewise  a  native  of 
Cumberland  county.  When  a  very  young  man  he 
was  married  to  Frances,  a  daughter  of  James  Step- 
toe,  Esq.,  of  Bedford,  who  was  for  more  than  forty 
years  a  clerk  of  that  county. 

Henry  Langhorne  was  a  man  of  great  energy 
and  strength  of  character,  of  ardent  temperament, 
and  of  a  disposition  most  cordial  and  affectionate. 
For  many  years  he  resided  in  Lynchburg  and  its 
vicinity,  subject  to  many  alternations  of  fortune, 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  169 

but  maintaining  throughout  his  unbounded  hospi- 
tality. For  more  than  ten  years  of  his  life  he  was 
the  victim  of  a  slow,  wasting  disease;  yet,  during 
the  whole  of  that  period,  he  was  closely  engaged  in 
the  active  pursuit  of  business,  amassing,  under  these 
trying  circumstances,  a  large  fortune,  and  providing 
liberally  the  whilst  for  a  large  number  dependent 
on  him.  A  few  years  since  he  removed  to  the 
county  of  Roanoke,  where  he  died  in  1854. 

Mrs.  Frances  Langhorne  was  a  very  remarka- 
ble woman,  possessing  those  high-minded,  magnani- 
mous traits  for  which  her  venerable  father  was  so 
remarkable.  Passing  calmly  through  a  life  che- 
quered with  vicissitudes,  she  was  at  all  times  the 
quiet,  cheerful  Christian.  In  her  youth  she  was 
singularly  lovely,  her  large  blue  eyes  radiant  with 
love  and  hope,  shedding  the  mildest  rays  to  gladden 
the  social  domestic  circle.  But  before  she  had  at- 
tained the  age  of  thirty,  she  lost  her  eye-sight,  and 
in  a  short  time  she  became  totally  blind.  Yet  she 
retained  her  buoyancy  and  cheerfulness,  continuing 
in  her  habits  of  industry,  and  frequently  taking 
from  beneath  her  pillow  at  night  sewing,  with  which 
she  had  provided  herself,  lest  the  watches  of  the 
night  should  be  tedious. 

For  some  time  they  resided  at  Chesnut  Hill,  the 
former  residence  of  Judge  Edmund  Winston,  and 
during  the  time  they  were  living  there,  the  house 
15 


170  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

took  fire  whilst  Mr.  Langhorne  was  absent,  and  was 
entirely  burnt  to  the  ground,  consuming,  too,  nearly 
every  article  of  clothes  and  furniture.  It  was  a 
time  of  fearful  panic  and  alarm — a  mother  deprived 
of  sight,  with  her  young  children  in  this  burning 
dwelling ;  yet,  to  the  astonishment  of  all,  this  noble 
woman  preserved  throughout  this  trying  scene  per- 
fect calmness  and  self-possession,  issuing  to  all  di- 
rections in  an  unfaltering  voice,  going  herself  to 
the  secretary  of  Mr.  Langhorne,  and  amidst  the 
crash  of  falling  timbers,  the  terrible  sighing  of  the 
raging  element,  and  the  broad-side  showers  of  hot 
coals,  she  saved  every  paper  of  importance  belong- 
ing to  her  husband.  The  house  of  a  kind  brother 
in  Lynchburg  was,  for  a  time,  the  home  of  Mr. 
Henry  Langhorne's  family,  till  a  new  building  could 
be  erected  at  Chesnut  Hill.  Returning  then  to 
their  cheerful,  happy  home,  they  resided  there  for  a 
few  years,  continuing  the  exercise  of  their  generous 
hospitality.  In  the  year  1830,  Mrs.  Langhorne's 
health  declining,  she  yielded  to  the  solicitations  of 
her  friends,  and  went  to  the  residence  of  Colonel 
M.  Langhorne  in  Lynchburg,  hoping  that  change 
of  air  might  restore  to  her  cheek  its  beautiful 
bloom,  and  strengthen  also  her  exhausted  frame. 
For  a  time  the  interesting  invalid  seemed  to  rally, 
but  early  in  the  summer  of  that  year,  she  breathed 
her  last,  at  the  residence  of  Colonel  Maurice  Lang- 
horne, leaving  a  devoted  husband  and  many  chil- 


OP   LYNCHBURG.  171 

dren,  some  of  whose  faces  she  had  never  gazed  on 
in  consequence  of  her  loss  of  sight. 


The  house  now  occupied  by  Dr.  Allison  was  the 
residence  of  Wm.  Morgan,  Esq.,  Sr.,  and  his  ex- 
cellent wife,  Mrs.  Elizabeth  Morgan ;  a  short  dis- 
tance above,  was  the  residence  of  Judge  Daniel,  and 
across  the  street  was  the  Western  Hotel,  kept  by 
John  F.  Johnson,  and  a  little  further  on,  the  Ken- 
tucky Hotel,  kept  by  Mr.  Mallory,  but  afterwards 
by  Mr.  Feazle ;  and  not  far  off,  the  large  white 
house,  on  the  road  leading  to  the  graveyard,  was  the 
town  residence  of  the  good  and  beloved  "  Staunton 
John  Lynch,"  whilst  just  below  the  cemetery  was  a 
modest  white  house,  where  lived  Mr.  Yawter,  with 
his  family,  at  the  time  of  his  death. 

Just  below  the  Western  Hotel,  on  a  cross  street, 
was  the  residence  of  Mr.  Matthew  Brown,  a  use- 
ful, honest,  excellent  citizen,  who  lived  there  for 
many  years  with  his  family.  Of  the  survivors  are 
Mrs.  Mathews,  of  Lewisburg,  Edwin  Brown,  Esq., 
of  Monroe  county,  and  Howell  Brown,  Esq.,  of 
Amherst,  together,  with  Miss  Brown,  of  the  latter 
place ;  of  those  gone  before,  the  good  Mrs.  Samuel 
Wiatt;  and  amongst  the  early  called,  Eveline 
Brown,  a  child  of  great  piety  and  excellence,  who 
died  many  years  since  in  Lynchburg. 


172  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 


EPISCOPAL  CHURCH  IN  LYNCHBURG. 

Until  the  year  1819,  Episcopacy  was  quite  un- 
known in  Lynchburg.  About  that  time  or  earlier, 
Bishop  Ravenscroft*  visited  Lynchburg,  preaching  in 
the  old  Methodist  Church.  Robed  in  gown  and  bands, 
and  walking  up  the  aisle  of  the  church,  his  appear- 
ance excited  the  wonder  and  astonishment  of  the 
good  people  of  the  town,  particularly  that  of  the 
small  boys,  who  verily  believed  the  Bishop  to  have 
been  an  elderly  lady  in  a  black  morning  wrapper. 

Notice  having  been  given  that  this  worthy  pre- 
late would  discourse  at  the  old  Methodist  Church, 
those  who  were  interested  immediately  set  about  to 
procure  a  few  persons  to  respond  to  the  morning 
service.  The  Carter  and  Tucker  families,  and  the 
ladies  of  the  Byrd  family,  all  possessed  prayer- 
books,  and  knew  how  to  go  through  the  services ; 


*  Having  nothing  to  rely  on  but  memory,  the  precise  date  is 
not  accurately  known,  and  indeed  the  writer  is  not  even  certain 
of  the  name  of  the  Bishop ;  it  was  an  Episcopal  one — she 
thinks  Bishop  Bavenscroft. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  173 

but,  for  the  credit  of  the  town,  it  was  deemed  abso- 
lutely necessary  to  have  at  least  one  male  voice  in 
the  responses.  Accordingly  they  procured  the  ser- 
vices of  one  Meredy,  an  Englishman,  who  had  a 
large  red  prayer-book.  He  stood  in  front  of  the 
gallery,  holding  his  prayer-book  very  conspicuously, 
responding  loudly,  and  surveying  the  congregation 
with  an  air  of  superiority,  mingled  with  compassion 
for  their  ignorance. 

After  this  time,  a  minister  by  the  name  of  Tread- 
way,  occasionally  preached  in  Lynchburg,  but  the 
attendance  being  always  small,  and  the  services 
not  popular,  Mr.  Treadway  was  discouraged  from 
making  any  attempt  to  rear  there  the  standard  of 
Episcopacy.  To  the  Rev.  Nicholas  Cobbs,  now 
Bishop  of  Alabama,  is  Lynchburg  indebted  for  the 
first  dawning  of  an  Episcopal  Church.  This  ex- 
cellent man  was  a  native  of  Bedford  county,  and, 
in  early  youth,  he  adopted  the  profession  of  school- 
teaching.  Soon  after  his  marriage,  he  made  a 
profession  of  religion ;  and,  partly  through  the 
influence  of  the  late  Mr.  Seth  Ward,  he  connected 
himself  with  the  Episcopal  Church.  Mr.  Cobbs 
was  much  beloved  in  the  town  of  Lynchburg,  and 
his  well  known  humility  and  piety  disposed  persons 
to  listen  attentively  to  his  preaching  ;  and,  in  time, 
the  morning  service,  with  his  earnest  manner  of 
reading,  became  very  popular.  Though  located  in 
his  native  county,  Mr.  Cobbs  had  a  peculiar  and 


174  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

tender  care  of  the  parish  in  Lynchburg,  greatly 
aiding,  by  his  counsel  and  sympathy,  the  first  Epis- 
copal minister  who  settled  in  that  place. 

About  the  year  1822,  or  1823,  the  Rev.  F.  G. 
Smith  established  himself  in  Lynchburg,  making 
his  home  in  the  house  of  Thomas  Wyatt,  where, 
during  the  lifetime  of  that  excellent  man,  he  re- 
mained. Mr.  Smith  established  in  the  town,  a 
school  of  first  class  for  boys,  teaching  during  the 
week  in  the  Masonic  Hall,  and  preaching  in  his 
school-room  every  Sabbath.  Notwithstanding  the 
opposition,  at  this  time,  to  Episcopacy,  Mr.  Smith 
continued  to  preach  under  discouraging  circum- 
stances, and,  for  some  years,  without  even  the 
smallest  salary.  He  was  a  man  of  great  worth 
and  purity  of  character,  exercising  at  all  times  that 
"  charity  which  beareth  all  things  and  is  not  easily 
provoked."  His  uniform  mildness  and  gentleness 
effected  in  Lynchburg  more  than  could  be  ima- 
gined— the  Church  members  increased,  and  the 
use  of  the  prayer-book  became  common  throughout 
that  little  band  of  worshipers  in  the  old  Masonic 
Hall.  He  caused  great  improvements  to  be  made 
in  church-music,  and  the  chants  were,  under  his 
instruction,  beautifully  sung,  with  all  the  different 
parts.  It  was  at  length  determined  to  build  a 
church.  Mrs.  Sarah  Cabell,  the  wife  of  the  late 
Dr.    George    Cabell,   presenting    them    with    the 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  175 

ground,  the  corner  stone  was  laid  in  the  year 
1825 — the  work  progressing  rapidly,  the  pastor 
aiding  by  liberal  donations  from  his  own  small 
store.  The  Thespian  Society,  headed  by  the  late 
Hardin  Murrel,  Giles  Ward  and  William  Diggs, 
had,  during  the  summer  of  that  year,  a  series  of 
entertainments  at  the  old  theatre,  the  proceeds 
being  applied  to  the  benefit  of  the  Church. 

Mrs.  Sarah  Cabell  was  a  lady  of  great  elegance 
and  refinement,  a  devoted  member  of  the  Episcopal 
Church,  and  fondly  did  she  look  forward  to  the 
time  when  she  could  worship  in  the  Church  of  her 
adoption  ;  but  early  in  the  spring  of  1826,  she 
died  after  a  short  illness.  At  this  time  the  Church 
was  quite  in  an  unfinished  state,  but  it  was  pressed 
forward  with  great  eagerness,  as  the  first  Episcopal 
Convention  in  upper  Virginia  was  to  hold  its  meet- 
ing in  this  new  church  during  the  month  of  May. 
A  great  concourse  of  visitors  assembled  at  this  time 
in  Lynchburg,  whilst  the  august  body  of  lay- 
delegates  and  ministers  made  a  strong  impression 
on  the  good  people  of  the  town.  It  had  been 
arranged  that  the  funeral  of  Mrs.  Sarah  Cabell 
should  be  preached,  by  the  Rev.  F.  G.  Smith,  the 
last  Sunday  evening  of  the  Convention.  This  lady 
had  been  greatly  attached  to  her  pastor,  and  it  was 
fitting  that  he  who  so  well  appreciated  her  shining 
traits  and  lofty  character,  should  preach  her  funeral 
sermon.     But  it  was  a  task  too  trying  to  his  heart ; 


176  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

his  feelings  of  friendship  for  that  excellent  lady 
•were  of  too  sacred  and  tender  a  nature  to  allow 
him  to  speak  of  her  in  public.  A  terrific  thunder- 
storm coming  on  during  the  sermon,  many  of  the 
congregation  expressed  audibly  their  fears.  Mr. 
Smith  had  been  greatly  affected  "whilst  delivering 
this  funeral  discourse;  and  whilst  the  storm  con- 
tinued to  rage,  a  scene  most  touching  occurred. 
Overpowered  by  his  feelings,  he  descended  from 
the  pulpit,  unable  to  speak  ;  and  the  congregation, 
though  awed  and  alarmed  at  the  tempest,  could  not 
but  sympathize  with  this  young  pastor  in  those  tears 
shed  for  one  -whom  he  looked  upon  in  the  light  of  a 
mother. 

After  the  completion  of  the  Church,  an  organ 
■was  purchased  ;  and,  in  the  summer  of  1828,  a  fair 
was  held  at  the  Franklin  Hotel,  for  the  benefit  of 
the  Church.  This  was  the  first  fair  ever  held  in 
Lynchburg  :  it  was  a  brilliant,  beautiful  scene — 
such  a  one  as  has  never  since  been  witnessed  in 
that  city, — the  late  John  E.  Norvelle  directing  and 
assisting  with  his  taste  in  all  the  arrangements, 
and5  during  the  nights  of  the  exhibition,  bringing 
a  large  band  of  amateur-musicians  to  enliven  the 
scene.  How  many  bright  recollections  are  asso- 
ciated with  this  Fair  !  How  many  who  there  pre- 
sided, have  long  since  been  called  away;  how  many 
around  whom  clustered  the  tenderest  hopes,  have 
lived  to  see  those  hopes  blasted,  and  to  mourn  the 


OP   LYNCHBURG.  177 

loved  ones  who  stood  by  their  side  in  all  the  pride 
and  buoyancy  of  youth.  James  W.  Pegram  had 
but  recently  been  married  to  the  lovely  Miss  Vir- 
ginia Johnston.  She  presided  at  one  of  the  tables, 
and  near  her  stood  the  manly  form  of  her  young 
husband.  Of  all  who  then  gazed  on  these  two,  so 
happy  in  mutual  love,  and  blest  in  the  possession  of 
all  the  world  can  give,  not  one  could  have  foreshad- 
owed the  mournful  termination  which  fifteen  years 
would  bring  to  their  happiness.  The  last  night  of  the 
Fair  was  finished  with  an  auction — George  White- 
locke,  Esq.,  acting  the  part  of  an  auctioneer,  and 
dispensing  his  witty  comments  and  remarks  to  the 
great  amusement  of  the  bystanders.  The  amount 
more  than  equalled  the  greatest  expectations,  and 
the  proceeds  were  immediately  applied  to  liquidating 
the  debts  of  the  Church. 

By  slow  degrees,  the  Episcopal  denomination 
increased ;  and,  during  the  summer  of  1828,  a 
general  revival  taking  place  in  the  Churches  of 
Lynchburg,  considerable  numbers  were  at  this  time 
added  to  the  Church,  continuing  its  most  valued 
and  devoted  members.  Amongst  these  was  Mrs. 
Saluda  Norvelle,  wife  of  Edmund  Norvelle,  Esq. 
Her  bright  example  was  felt  throughout  a  large 
circle  of  friends  and  relatives,  who  remember  her 
with  tender  affection,  mingled  with  deep  regret  at 
her  untimely  death  in  1835.t 


178  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

Mr.  and  Mrs.  Seth  Ward  were  members  of  this 
Church,  having  at  a  very  early  date  enjoyed  the  pri- 
vilege of  attending  the  ministry  of  the  Rev.  Mr. 
Jarrat,  who  was  one  of  the  first  Episcopal  Minis- 
ters who  attempted  to  revive  that   Church  subse- 
quent to   the   American   Revolution.     Mr.    Ward 
was  a   native  of  the  lower    country,  and  when    a 
young   man  he  was   united   in   marriage   to  Miss 
Martha  Norvelle,  a  sister  of  Captain  William  Nor- 
velle,  of  Lynchburg;  and  a  few  years  after  that 
event,  they   settled   in  New   London.     His  heart 
was  ever  deeply  engaged  in  the  cause  of  religion, 
and  the  Church  of  his  youth ;  and,  during  the  time 
of  his  prosperity,  his  money  was  liberally  expended 
in  furthering  this  darling  object,  and,  in   the  days 
of  his  adversity,  he  gave  far  beyond   his  means. 
Soon  after  settling  in  Bedford  county,  Mr.  Ward 
built,   pretty  much   at   his    own    expense,  a  small 
Church,    known  as   Chax-creek   Church,  in  which 
Mr.   Crawford  officiated.     That    Church   has  long 
since  gone  down,  and  Trinity,  through  the  instru- 
mentality of  the  Rev.  Nicholas   Cobbs,  was  built 
near   the   original    Church.      Mr.  Ward    took   an 
active  part  in  first  procuring  for   Lynchburg   the 
services  of  the  Rev.  William  S.  Reid,  of  the  first 
Presbyterian  Church,  the  former  being  at  that  time 
the  only  Episcopalian  in  town,  was  of  course  unable 
to  procure  the  services  of  the  Church  of  his  choice. 
He  was  very  influential  in  building  the   Church  of 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  179 

St.  Stephen's  in  Bedford  county,  near  which  he 
lived ;  and,  though  not  at  that  time  residing  in 
Lynchburg,  he  took  a  very  active  interest  in  pro- 
curing a  minister,  joining  the  congregation  and 
building  the  Church. 

An  extract  from  a  letter  written  by  the  Rev. 
William  Norvelle  Ward,  a  son  of  this  excellent 
man,  thus  feelingly  speaks  of  his  venerable  father : 
"  I  think  my  parent,  in  life,  could  say  from  the 
heart 

1 1  love  Thy  kingdom,  Lord; 
The  house  of  Thine  abode  I' 

And,  I  am  sure,  that  fond  regard  for  the  memory 
of  my  father  is  not  carrying  me  too  far,  when  I 
say,  that  the  services  of  the  Church  in  that  country, 
owes  as  much,  perhaps  more,  to  him  than  to  any 
other,  either  clerical  or  lay.  He  laid  the  founda- 
tion on  which  such  men  as  Bishop  Cobbs  and  others 
built  their  spiritual  temples.  '  He  rests  from  his 
labors,  and  his  works  do  follow  him.'  "* 

The  establishment  of  Mr.  F.  G.  Smith's  school 
was  a  new  epoch  in  Lynchburg,  he  being  one  of 
the  first  who  wisely  governed  by  rewards  instead  of 
punishment.    Acquiring  an  influence  over  the  minds 


*  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Ward  emigrated  some  years  since  to  Tennes- 
see, where  they  both  died.  Several  of  their  daughters  reside 
there— Mrs.  Williams,  Mrs.  Kerr,  and  Miss  Ward. 


180  SKETCHES  AND   KECOLLECTIONS 

and  hearts  of  his  pupils,  he  gently  led  them  on, 
encouraging  the  weak  and  gently  restraining  the 
most  ambitious,  he  insensibly  diffused  amongst 
them  a  love  of  literature,  causing  them  to  be 
desirous  of  mental  culture,  and  inculcating  the 
doctrine,  that  a  school  routine  is  not  the  finish,  but 
the  mere  commencement  of  an  education,  to  be 
carried  on  in  after  life.  In  the  year  1829,  he 
established  in  Lynchburg,  a  female  school,  on  a 
high  basis.  The  happiest  results  attended  his  sys- 
tem, and,  a  few  years  later,  marrying  Sarah,  the 
second  daughter  of  Henry  Davis,  Esq.,  the  plan  of 
the  school  was  much  enlarged — the  one  formed  by 
Mr.  and  Mrs.  Smith  was  the  most  superior  school 
ever  known  in  Lynchburg.  The  best  teachers  were 
provided,  and,  whilst  in  full  operation,  Mr.  Smith 
being  urgently  solicited  to  take  charge  of  a  literary 
institution  in  Tennessee,  he  left  Lynchburg  to  the 
regret  of  his  friends  and  parishoners.  A  series  of 
resolutions,  of  a  most  affectionate  and  respectful 
nature,  were  drawn  up  by  his  congregation,  and,  in 
the  fall  of  1837,  he  left  Lynchburg  for  Columbia, 
where  he  for  many  years  carried  on,  with  zeal  and 
energy,  a  most  extensive  course  of  learning.  He 
is,  at  present,  the  able  and  valued  principal  of  the 
Athenaeum  near  Columbia.  Assisted  by  his  excel- 
lent wife,  and  provided  with  a  corps  of  competent 
teachers,  this  institution  is  undoubtedly  the  best  of 
the  sort  in  the  United  States.     The  extensive  li- 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  181 

brary,  the  splendid  paintings,  the  numerous  musical 
instruments,  the  beautiful  walks, — all  these  render 
the  place  most  desirable,  not  to  mention  the  privi- 
lege of  associating  intimately  with  persons  so 
excellent  and  highly  cultivated  as  Mr.  and  Mrs. 
Smith. 

Franklin  Genet  Smith  is  a  native  of  one  of  the 
New  England  States,  and  is  a  son  of  Judge  Smith, 

of State.     In  very  early  life  he  emigrated  to 

Virginia,  establishing  himself  in  the  county  of 
Prince  Edward,  where  he,  for  a  time,  pursued  the 
business  of  school-teaching.  Completely  naturalized 
in  his  adopted  State,  he  secured  the  esteem  of  all, 
particularly  that  of  the  Presbyterian  Church,  with 
whose  members  he  was  at  that  time  so  intimately 
associated.*  A  finished  scholar  and  literary  gen- 
tleman, the  wonderful  success  of  his  teaching  in 
Lynchburg  has  already  been  mentioned.  His  man- 
ner of  reading  the  Morning  Service  was  peculiarly 
beautiful  and  touching.  His  sermons  were  perfect 
in  style  and  finish — eloquent  thoughts  being  often  in 
a  few  words  condensed, — Mr.  Smith  being  remark- 
able for  simplicity  and  conciseness.  Passages  from 
many  of  his    sermons  are    remembered,  and  with 


*  It  would  seem  that  this  brief  memoir  should  have  been  in- 
serted several  pages  earlier,  but  it  could  not  be  done  "without 
interruption  to  the  sketch  of  the  Episcopal  Church. 

16 


182  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

peculiar  feelings  one  of  his  most  striking,  from 
the  text,  "  The  night  is  far  spent  and  the  day  is  at 
hand."  This  sermon  was  preached  several  times 
by  request,  and  is  still  remembered  by  the  old 
inhabitants  of  Lynchburg. 

After  the  removal  of  Mr.  Smith  to  Tennessee, 
the  Church  for  some  years  enjoyed  the  pastoral 
care  of  the  Rev.  Mr.  Atkinson,  at  present  Bishop 
of  the  diocese  of  North  Carolina.  The  congrega- 
tion are  now  most  happy  under  the  ministry  of  the 
Rev.  William  Kinckle,  well  known  and  beloved  in 
our  community.  How  blessed  has  been  this  Church, 
which  has  been  so  favored  for  thirty-seven  years, 
as  to  have  alternately  the  services  of  three  such 
excellent  pastors  as  Mr.  Smith,  Mr.  Atkinson  and 
Mr.  Kinckle. 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  183 


MASONRY  IN  LYNCHBURG. 

BALL  ON  ST.  JOHN'S  DAY.— IRISH   JOHN  ROBERTSON. 

"The  trowel  is  an  instrument  made  use  of,  by  opera- 
tive masons,  to  spread  the  cement  which  unites  a  build- 
ing into  one  common  mass  ;  but  we,  as  Free  and  Accepted 
Masons,  are  taught  to  make  use  of  it  for  the  more  noble 
and  glorious  purpose  of  spreading  the  cement  of  bro- 
therly love  and  affection ;  that  cement  which  unites  us 
into  one  sacred  band,  or  society  of  friends  and  brothers, 
among  whom  no  contention  should  ever  exist,  but  that 
noble  contention,  or  rather  emulation,  of  who  can  best 
work  and  best  agree." 

Work  on  Masonry. 

The  old  Masonic  Hall  of  Lynchburg  stood  on 
the  spot  where  the  new  one  now  rears  its  head. 
It  was  a  common  two-story  building,  without  device 
or  ornament  to  distinguish  it  from  the  surrounding 
houses ;  yet  it  was  held  in  great  awe  by  the  chil- 
dren, who  generally  avoided  that  side  of  the  street, 
under  the  firm  impression  that  his  satanic  majesty 
was  kept  chained  in  the  cellar  below,  and  it  was 


184      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

also  believed  that  up  stairs  there  were  piles  of  cof- 
fins, a  skeleton,  and  horrors  sufficient,  with  tolera- 
ble economy,  to  have  lasted  Mrs.  Radcliffe  through 
at  least  one  romance. 

Yet  Masonry  flourished  in  Lynchburg,  proces- 
sions were  numerous,  and,  as  they  generally  paraded, 
Church  Street,  the  sound  of  wind  instruments,  by 
which  they  were  always  preceded,  was  hailed  with 
joy  by  the  numerous  candidates  for  learning  who 
sat  within  the  different  schools  of  that  section.  A 
most  wholesome  interruption  and  innocent  amuse- 
ment was  thereby  afforded  to  the  youth  of  this  good 
town,*  and  they  would  return  to  their  labors  re- 
freshed by  the  pleasing  sight  of  the  whole  Masonic 
fraternity  marching  two  and  two,  with  blue  scarfs 
and  Masons'  aprons.  Captain  Tardy,  in  crimson 
scarf,  with  Bible  in  hand,  Colonel  Holmes  by  his 
side,  with  other  insignia,  the  Master  Masons,  with 
striking  symbols  of  the  craft — all  of  these-  being 
gazed  upon  with  that  species  of  awe  and  admiration, 
known  only  in  early  childhood. 

These  halcyon  days  are  past,  celebrations  seldom 
occur,  and  even  the  great  pageantry  of  a  Masonic 
funeral  is  seldom  witnessed.  It  is  a  pity  that  so 
ancient  and  honored  an  institution  should  be  ne- 


*  Quite  as  much  so  as  that  afforded  by  the  military  of  Ro- 
chester, mentioned  by  Mr.  Pickwick. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  185 

glected ;  for  a  conscientious  Mason  is  obliged,  at 
least  outwardly,  to  conform  to  the  rules  of  Chris- 
tianity, and  one  who  is  truly  one  of  the  disciples  of 
Hiram,  is  not  far  from  the  kingdom  of  God. 

In  the  month  of  December,  1827,  a  Masonic  ball 
was  given  at  the  Franklin  Hotel,  on  the  day  of  St. 
John  the  Baptist — such  a  ball  and  supper  as  only 
Mrs.  Robert  Morriss  knew  how  to  provide.  Strange 
it  seems  that  there  should  have  been  a  sumptuous 
entertainment  on  the  birth  night  of  him  whose 
"meat  was  locusts  and  wild  honey;"  but  so  it  was, 
and  so  brilliant  a  display  of  beauty  and  fashion  had 
never  before  been  seen  in  Lynchburg.  The  Bible, 
the  compass,  the  trowel,  the  mallet,  and  all  the 
other  appropriate  symbols  of  Masonry  were  arranged 
round  the  spacious  ball-room,  amidst  festoons  of 
evergreen.  None  but  ladies  were  admitted,  till  the 
folding  doors  opening,  the  Masons  in  full  regalia 
entered  the  room,  forming  a  circle.  The  citizens 
then  followed,  the  grand  Master  Mason  then  taking 
out  a  book,  read  therefrom  a  short  address ;  then 
was  sung  a  Masonic  ode  by  the  Fraternity,  con- 
cluding with  a  tribute  to  the  ladies.  The  whole  of 
this  imposing  scene  now  appears  as  a  brilliant  pano- 
rama ;  and  mingled  with  pleasing  recollections  of 
that  evening,  how  many  sad  thoughts  arise,  filling 
the  heart  with  mournful  retrospections  of  the  past ! 
The  gay,  the  brave,  the  beautiful,  so  many  now  lie 
mouldering  in  silent  dust,  or  live  to  mourn  the  bro- 


186  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

ken  ties  of  that  joyous  time.  The  late  Maurice 
Garland,  on  this  evening  so  full  of  youth  and  hope, 
the  life  of  the  little  circle  at  that  end  of  the  room, 
and  so  gallant  and  imposing  in  the  becoming  regalia 
and  crimson  scarf;  the  lovely  Sarah  May,  of  Buck- 
ingham, in  all  the  freshness  and  beauty  of  girlhood: 
a  few  years  later,  we  beheld  her  as  a  wife  and  mo- 
ther, not  with  the  blissful  expression  of  these  sacred 
relations,  but  with  the  wan  and  fevered  look  of  the 
invalid,  hastening  home  to  take  a  last  farewell  of  a 
young  family,  and  then  meekly  resign  her  gentle 
spirit  to  Him  who  gave  it. 

At  this  ball  was  John  Robertson,  usually  known 
by  the  soubriquet  of  "  Irish  John  Robertson."  His 
broad  forehead,  his  gold  spectacles,  his  portly  form, 
habited  in  the  old-fashioned  garb,  with  short 
breeches,  long  stockings  and  knee-buckles — all  these 
made  him,  in  outward  appearance,  a  fac  simile  of 
Pickwick,  though  he  was  widely  different  from  that 
worthy  gentleman  in  bland  manners  and  social 
traits,  for  Irish  John  Robertson  was  an  isolated  man. 

Emigrating  from  Ireland  when  very  young,  he 
had  chosen  Lynchburg  for  his  home,  where,  by  a 
long  course  of  frugality  and  industry,  he  had  accu- 
mulated quite  a  large  fortune.  He  was  a  singular 
man,  mingling  little  in  society,  and  seeming  to  re- 
gard Masonry  as  his  sole  tie  to  mankind.  Whence 
was  it,  that  thus  he  passed  through  life,  without 
forming  near  connexions,   or  without   seeming  to 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  187 

feel  that  in  the  city  of  hills  he  had  found  a  resting- 
place  ?  Had  a  great  disappointment  in  early  life 
caused  him  to  feel  the  vanity  of  worldly  objects, 
and  taught  him  to  centre  his  hopes  on  a  more  sure 
basis,  in  the  Celestial  city  ?  It  was  a  different  mo- 
tive which  actuated  him — which  had  caused  him  "to 
rise  up  early,  to  sit  up  late,  to  eat  the  bread  of  sor- 
row." It  had  been  the  hope  of  his  youth,  the  de- 
termination of  his  manhood,  the  comfort  of  his  age. 
It  was  an  intense  desire  to  return  to  his  beloved 
Emerald  Isle,  and  there,  amidst  the  cherished 
scenes  of  his  boyhood,  to  pass  his  remaining  days, 
and  then  to  be  laid  quietly  in  the  old  church-yard 
by  the  side  of  his  parents,  not  far  from  the  grave 
of  sweet  Kathleen  Mavourneen,  for  whom  in  child- 
hood he  had  gathered  the  pratees  and  cut  the  bog, 
and  whose  taper  fingers  he  had  watched,  as  she 
spun  the  flax  by  the  evening  fire,  whilst  her  low, 
sweet  voice  gently  murmured  the  song  of  his  native 
land. 

In  the  autumn  of  1830,  arranging  his  affairs,  he 
bade  adieu  to  the  old  musty  counting-room,  and  left 
Lynchburg  buoyant  with  expectation  of  again  be- 
holding Ireland.  *  Proceeding  by  rapid  stages  to 
New  York,  he  embarked  from  that  city  to  his  na- 
tive land,  but  on  arriving  at  his  old  home,  he  found 
none  there  remaining  who  remembered  him.  The 
friends  of  his  childhood  and  youth  were  no  more, 
his    father's   dwelling   had    been    levelled    to   the 


188  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

ground  ;  even  the  household  graves  could  not  be 
identified,  and  in  bitter  disappointment  the  stern 
man  wept. 

In  a  brief  time  he  re-embarked  for  America,  and 
returning  to  Lynchburg,  he  sought  his  old  counting- 
room,  endeavoring  to  again  interest  himself  in  the 
pursuits  of  business.  But,  alas  !  the  motive  was  at 
an  end;  the  day  dream  of  his  youth  was  effaced; 
and  in  the  scene  of  his  early  struggles,  he  lingered 
out  for  a  few  years  a  mournful  existence.  His  re- 
mains were  followed  to  their  last  resting-place  by 
the  Masonic  Fraternity,  who  there  rendered  a  last 
solemn  tribute  to  him  who  for  years  had  been  a 
worthy  and  prominent  member  of  the  Lynchburg 
Lodge. 

"  When  silent  time  wi'  lightly  foot 

Had  trod  on  thirty  years, 
I  sought  again  my  native  land 

Wi'  mony  hopes  and  fears — 
Wha  kens  gin  the  dear  friends  I  left 

May  still  continue  mine, 
Or  gin  I  e'er  again  shall  taste 

The  joys  I  left  behind. 

As  I  drew  near  my  ancient  pile, 

My  heart  beat  all  the  way, 
Ilk  place  I  passed  seemed  yet  to  speak 
0'  some  dear  former  day. 
Those  days  that  followed  me  afar, 

Those  happy  days  of  mine, 
Which  made  me  think  the  present  joys 
A'  naething  to  Lang  Syne. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  189 

The  ivied  tower  now  met  ray  eye, 

Where  minstrels  used  to  blow, 
Nae  frend  stepped  forth  wi'  open  hand 

Nae  weel  kenned  face  I  saw. 
Till  Donald  tottered  to  the  door, 

Wham  I  left  in  his  prime, 
And  grat  to  see  the  lad  return, 

He  bore  about  Lang  Syne. 

I  ran  to  ilka  dear  friends'  room, 

As  if  to  find  them  there, 
I  knew  where  ilk  ane  used  to  sit, 

And  hang  o'er  mony  a  chair, 
Till  soft  remembrance  threw  a  veil 

Across  these  e'en  a  mine, 
I  closed  the  door  and  sobbed  aloud 

To  think  on  Auld  Lang  Syne. 

Ye  sons  to  comrades  of  my  youth, 

Forgie  an  auld  man's  spleen, 
Wha  midst  your  gayest  scenes  still  mourns 

The  days  he  once  has  seen. 
When  time  has  past  and  seasons  fled, 

Your  hearts  will  feel  like  mine, 
And  aye  the  sang  will  maist  delight, 

That  minds  ye  of  Lang  Syne." 

B  LAM  IRE. 


190  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 


THOMAS    ESTON    RANDOLPH. 

"Lord,  who  shall  abide  in  thy  tabernacle?  Who  shall 
dwell  in  thy  holy  hill  ? 

He  that  walketh  uprightly  and  worketh  righteousness, 
and  speaketh  the  truth  in  his  heart  Y* — Psalm  XV. 

Thomas  Eston  Randolph  was  a  native  of  Bris- 
tol, England,  descended  from  the  poet  Thomas 
Randolph.  He  was  also  nearly  connected  with  the 
family  of  Gifford,  a  name  well  known  in  the  literary 
circles  of  Great  Britain  and  America. 

Mr.  Randolph  was  a  wealthy  English  gentleman, 
one  of  those  merchant-princes  who  plough  the  main, 
bringing  to  our  shores  the  luxuries  of  the  old  world, 
carrying  in  return  the  materials  from  which  the 
skill  of  the  Britons  produce  those  beautiful  textures, 
which,  for  so  many  years,  was  the  sole  dress  of  the 
Americans.  Whilst  in  Virginia,  after  one  of  his 
voyages,  he  visited  the  different  members  of  the 
Randolph  family,  and,  during  a  sojourn  at  the 
hospitable  mansion  of  Thomas  Randolph,  of  Tuck- 
ahoe,  captivated  by  the  beauty  aud  loveliness  of 
Jane  Randolph,  a  daughter  of  that  gentleman,  he 
determined  to  settle  in  the    Old  Dominion,  after 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  191 

having  made  seventeen  voyages  across  the  Atlantic. 
A  gentleman  of  great  worth  and  piety,  Virginia 
may  justly  be  proud  of  this  her  adopted  son,  who 
was  shortly  after  married  to  Jane  Randolph.  Re- 
moving to  a  splendid  estate,  he  there  resided  for  a 
number  of  years  in  affluence  and  elegance,  prac- 
tising all  the  hospitality  and  living  in  all  the  ease 
and  comfort  of  a  wealthy  planter  and  slaveholder. 
At  the  time  of  her  marriage,  Mrs.  Jane  Ran- 
dolph was  a  very  beautiful  woman;  and,  though 
remembered  by  the  younger  members  of  her  family, 
only  as  a  pale,  feeble  invalid,  still  her  appearance, 
even  at  this  time,  was  very  lovely,  and  through  all 
those  years  of  sickness,  she  was  the  mainspring  of 
the  family — its  order,  comfort  and  happiness,  de- 
pending on  her.  Though  confined  to  her  chamber 
six  months  of  every  year,  yet  from  that  spot  ema- 
nated an  influence  gentle,  yet  so  strong — practical, 
yet  so  beautiful — that  its  results  are  seen  and  felt 
now,  and  eternity  will  reveal  the  whole.  To  her 
daughters,  she  set  an  example  of  all  a  woman  and 
Christian  should  be,  showing  woman's  true  place 
and  teaching  them  to  love  it  and  its  duties,  because 
its  lot  was  appointed  by  a  Heavenly  Father.  She 
taught  them  to  desire  the  love  of  God  above  all 
other  things — and  she  was,  herself,  a  living  example 
of  Christ,  where  all  might  read  the  beauty  of  holi- 
ness and  the  power  of  vital  piety. 


192      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

A  sudden  reverse  depriving  Mr.  Randolph  of 
nearly  the  whole  of  his  estate,  it  was  at  this  period 
that  the  grace  of  God  was  found  sufficient  to  sup- 
port, under  trying  circumstances,  those  who  put 
their  trust  in  Him.*  Cheerfully  relinquishing  his 
elegant  mansion,  with  all  the  comforts  and  luxuries 
to  which  they  had  been  accustomed,  and  retaining 
only  a  small  number  of  his  faithful  servants,  he 
bade  adieu  to  the  beloved  homestead,  which  had  to 
him  been  the  scene  of  unalloyed  happiness.  For  a 
short  time  this  family  resided  in  ^ew  London,  but 
in  the  autumn  of  1827  they  moved  to  Lynchburg, 
taking  possession  of  the  house  formerly  occupied 
by  Robert  Morriss,  Esq.,  but  recently  the  residence 
of  Chiswell  Dabney,  Esq. 

Sweet,  indeed,  are  the  uses  of  adversity  !  Such 
latent  qualities  it  developes — such  hidden  good  it 
brings  to  light !  The  daughters  of  this  family,  then 
in  the  full  tide  of  youth  and  beauty,  availed  them- 
selves of  their  talents,  proving  the  superiority  of 
their  education,  by  now  coming  forward  to  aid  those 
parents  who  in  infancy  and  childhood  had  so  kindly 
nurtured  them.  They  immediately  established  a 
boarding-school  of  the  very  first  order,  and  pro- 
curing a  music  teacher,  the  success  of  this  youthful 
trio   was  unprecedented   in   Lynchburg,    and    the 

*  The  Randolph  family  -were  devout  Episcopalians. 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  193 

and  the  establishment  of  this  institution*  was  the 
■  awning  of  a  new  era  in  the  town  ;  for  with  the 
usual  school  routine,  there  was  excited  in  the  scho- 
lar a  taste  for  literature  and  a  desire  for  mental 
cultivation.  After  continuing  about  eighteen 
months,  the  school  was  broken  up  by  the  removal 
of  the  family  to  Florida,  where  it  was  thought  the 
health  of  Mrs.  Randolph  would  improve,  whilst 
breathing  the  mild,  genial  atmosphere  of  this  sunny 
land.  The  first  year  after  their  removal  to  Florida, 
a  decided  improvement  appeared  to  take  place,  but 
soon  again  she  failed,  and  gradually,  through  pa- 
tiently borne  suffering,  with  words  of  love  and 
counsel  to  each  child,  she  passed  away  from  earth. 

Mr.  Randolph  survived  his  excellent  wife  for 
many  years,  his  health  and  comfort  being  the  espe- 
cial care  of  his  beloved  youngest  daughter.  Beau- 
tiful was  his  old  age ! — so  fervent  and  earnest  in 
his  devotions,  so  gentle  and  loving  to  all  around 
him — patient  under  the  failure  of  strength  and 
hearing  and  all  the  powers  of  life.  He  was  only 
confined  to  his  bed  a  few  days,  and  then  he  fell 
asleep,  like  an  infant  on  his  mother's  bosom,  on  the 
day  he  attained  the  age  of  seventy-five  ;  and,  as  a 
shock  of   wheat,   fully  ripe,  is   gathered  into    the 


*  This  -was  about  two  years  previous  to  the  establishment  of 
the  Female  School  by  F.  G.  Smith. 

17 


194  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

garner,  so  was  he  called  to  the  mansions  prepared 
for  him. 

Of  the  members  of  this  family,  there  survive 
Mrs.  Lucy  Parkhill  and  Mary  Page  Randolph,  who 
reside  in  the  vicinity  of  Tallahassee,  Florida ;  Dr. 
James  Randolph  and  Arthur  Randolph,  Esq.,  of 
the  same  place.  Elizabeth  Randolph,  the  oldest 
daughter,  was  singularly  lovely  in  character  and 
appearance.  She  became  the  wife  of  Francis 
Eppes,  Esq.,  of  Poplar  Forest,  a  grandson  of  Tho- 
mas Jefferson.  Emigrating  with  her  husband  and 
family  to  Florida,  she  survived  only  a  few  years 
after  their  establishment  in  the  South.  Harriet,  the 
second  daughter,  was  also  a  very  beautiful  woman, 
endowed  with  every  grace  and  accomplishment 
which  could  add  a  lustre  to  a  well-cultivated  mind 
and  noble  heart.  During  her  residence  in  Lynch- 
burg, she  exercised  a  great  sway  and  influence  over 
the  circle  in  which  she  moved,  giving  a  tone  to 
society,  and  embellishing  it  by  her  queenly  appear- 
ance. Soon  after  their  removal  to  Florida,  she  was 
married  to  Dr.  Willis,  but  surviving  only  one  year 
this  event,  her  untimely  death  cast  over  her 
friends  a  dark  shadow,  which  time,  with  its  healing 
balm,  cannot  wholly  dispel. 


Ann  Lewis,  who  remained  in  this  family  during 
the  period  in  which  their  school  was  in  operation, 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  195 

We  can  feel  no  surprise  at  the  great  success  of  Dr. 
was  a  native  of  Philadelphia,  and  a  member  of  one 
of  the  first  families  in  the  City  of  Brotherly  Love. 
Her  mother  was  Miss  Hartshorne,  a  relative  of  the 
distinguished  physician  of  that  name ;  and  her  fa- 
ther was  at  one  time  a  wealthy  gentleman,  but 
failing  in  business  whilst  his  children  were  all 
young,  Mrs.  Lewis  wisely  reared  them,  so  that  each 
might  aid  in  the  prosperity  of  the  other.  Ann, 
having  a  great  genius  for  music,  was  educated  as  a 
teacher  of  this  science,  whilst  the  others  were 
brought  up  just  as  their  talents  gave  promise  of 
success  in  any  particular  department.  Just  as 
Ann  had  reached  the  age  of  twenty,  she  was  re- 
commended to  the  Randolph  family,  by  a  lady 
from  Virginia ;  and,  bringing  with  her  the  warmest 
letters  of  introduction,  this  lovely  and  intelligent 
young  lady  met  with  a  reception  worthy  of  the 
Old  Dominion;  for  kindness  and  hospitality  were 
literally  showered  on  her,  so  that  she  was  the  life 
of  the  social  circle  in  Lynchburg,  who  will  long 
remember  her  for  her  bright,  cheerful  wit  and 
delightful  music. 

On  leaving  Lynchburg,  she  accepted  a  situation 
as  music-teacher  in  Princeton,  New  Jersey,  and 
shortly  after,  marrying  Mr.  William  Clay  of  Phila- 
delphia, she  accompanied  her  husband  to  New 
Orleans,  where  they  for  several  years  resided. 
During   the   prevalence   there   of  yellow-fever   in 


196  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

1833,  William  Clay  was  claimed  as  its  victim,  and 
from  that  time  Ann  Clay  lost  all  desire  for  life, 
feeling  that  existence  was  in  future  a  blank  to  her ; 
so  that  those  who  knew  and  loved  her  best,  could 
not  selfishly  grieve  when  in  a  brief  space  she  was 
called  hence  to  join  her  husband  in  another  world. 


The  house  occupied  and  owned  formerly  by 
Robert  Morriss,  Esq.,  was,  in  1823,  the  residence 
of  Mrs.  Brown,  of  Amherst,  wife  of  Dr.  James 
Brown,*  who  was  a  brother  of  the  distinguished 
Dr.  Thomas  Brown  of  Edinburgh,  formerly  Pro- 
fessor of  Moral  Philosophy,  the  successor  of  Dugald 
Stewart,  and  the  predecessor  of  the  great  and  good 
Wilson. 

This  excellent  lady  was  a  valued  resident  of 
Lynchburg,  for  several  years ;  and  she  is  well- 
remembered,  together  with  her  family,  by  all  of 
the  old  inhabitants  of  the  town.  She  was  the 
mother  of  Mrs.  Archer  Robertson,  of  Amherst, 
and  Dr.  John  Brown,  of  Charlotte  Courthouse, 
who  received  his  education  in  Edinburgh,  under 
the  immediate  care  of  his  distinguished  uncle. 

A  brief  tribute  must  here  be  offered  to  Thomas 
Brown,  second  son  of  Dr.  James  Brown,  of  New 

*  The   remains   of  Dr.  James  Brown  repose  in  the  Presby- 
terian graveyard  of  Lynchburg. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  197 

Glasgow,  Amherst  county.  This  young  man  was  a 
resident  of  Lynchburg  for  some  years,  where  he 
was  greatly  esteemed.  He  was  a  lawyer  of  fine 
talents  and  great  promise.  He  married  Miss  Cole- 
man, of  Orange,  or  Caroline  county,  when  he 
removed  from  Lynchburg.  His  untimely  death 
in  1835,  was  a  great  sorrow  to  his  relatives  and 
numerous  friends. 

This  house  was  for  a  brief  period  the  residence 
of  Col.  Maurice  Langhorne :  it  was  then  purchased 
and  greatly  improved  by  the  late  Maurice  Garland, 
who  was  there  residing  at  the  date  of  his  death, 
which  occurred,  in  the  prime  of  manhood,  in  1841. 


198      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 


MISCELLANEOUS  CHARACTERS. 

Many  persons  in  Lynchburg  doubtless  remember 
an  unfortunate  man,  whose  name  was  James  Mose- 
ley, but  more  commonly  known  and  recognized  by 
that  of  "Molly  Peckerwood."  But,  few  are  aware 
that  James  Moseley  was  of  respectable  parentage, 
and  gently  reared  and  nurtured  under  the  influence 
of  the  quiet  doctrines  of  Quakerism.  He  was  a 
native  of  Bedford  county,  passing  his  childhood 
and  youth  in  the  vicinity  of  Goose  Creek,  having 
been  placed,  when  a  mere  boy,  in  the  store  of  Chris- 
topher Anthony,  Sr.,  where  he  for  some  years  per- 
formed the  offices  of  clerk  and  book-keeper.  On 
removing  to  Lynchburg,  Mr.  Moseley  married  a 
young  lady  of  an  excellent  family  ;  but  soon  after 
that  time  he  became  intemperate,  and  continued  to 
be  so  till  the  day  of  his  death,  with  only  a  few  brief 
intermissions.  He  had  been  a  man  of  amiable  dis- 
position, and  considering  the  period  in  which  he 
lived,  his  education  had  been  quite  well  conducted. 
His  hand-writing  was  a  very  elegant  one,  and  very 
proud  was  he  of  this  accomplishment,  never  omit- 
ting any  opportunity  of  making  a  display  in  chi- 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  199 

rography.  The  style  of  his  letters  was  extremely 
like  that  of  Wilkins  Micawber,  particularly  in  the 
manner  of  concluding  them,  and  in  the  final  flourish 
attached  to  his  superscription.  He  was  principally 
supported  by  a  gentleman  of  Lynchburg,  who  placed 
him  at  the  house  of  Captain  Benjamin  A.  Phil- 
ips ;  and  every  few  days  would  Mr.  Moseley  send 
a  note,  elegantly  gotten  up,  telling  the  particulars 
of  his  residence  with  that  well  known  personage, 
and  generally  winding  up  by  saying,  "  Captain  B. 
A.  Philips  has  shown  me  much  attention  and  re- 
spect." On  visiting  the  office  of  a  gentleman,  if 
no  one  were  within,  he  would  seat  himself  at  the 
writing-desk,  and  with  many  ornamental  strokes  of 
the  pen,  he  would  write  :  "  Sir,  permit  me  to  won- 
der that  you  should  thus  leave  your  office;"  and 
about  twice  a  year  he  would  go  to  Bedford,  where 
he  established  a  writing-school,  the  proceeds  of 
which  he  usually  applied  to  furnishing  himself  with 
breakfast  and  "trimmings"  as  he  designated  his 
glass  of  brandy. 

In  the  month  of  October,  1835,  information 
being  giving  to  James  Moseley  that  Mr.  Anthony 
was  no  more,  he  was  greatly  affected,  and  was  in- 
stantly sobered.  He  attended  the  funeral,  and  fol- 
lowed the  remains  to  the  grave,  where  he  remained 
till  every  one  else  had  left  the  spot,  and  as  he 
turned  away,  tears  flowed  down  his  furrowed  cheeks, 
for  he  felt   that  he  had  lost  his  only  friend.     He 


200  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

survived   this  event   some  years,  and  died  in  the 
town  of  Lynchburg. 


About  the  year  1819,  Lynchburg  was  the  abode 
of  many  distinguished  loafers  and  beggars,  some  of 
whom  would  have  been  considered  eminent  in  their 
profession,  even  in  these  days  of  progress.  A 
family  by  the  name  of  Kidd  were  the  most  promi- 
nent of  this  class,  and  systematically,  in  the  town, 
did  they  levy  a  species  of  black  mail  on  the  more 
benevolent  housekeepers.  Ballad  Kidd,  the  head 
of  the  family,  was  by  profession  a  house-painter; 
and  should  even  a  doubt  be  thrown  on  this  fact,  the 
following  lines,  from  the  poems  of  our  townsman, 
Tandy  Bogus,  set  the  matter  beyond  any  dispute : 

"  Ballad  Kidd,  indeed  he  did 
Agree  to  paint  the  church, 
"Which,  -when  he  had  done, 
He  thought  it  poor  fun, 
That  he  should  be  left  in  the  lurch." 

There  was  a  material  difference  between  Mr. 
Kidd  and  the  bricklayer  in  Bleakhouse,  the  latter 
being  visited  in  "due  order"  by  Mrs.  Pardiggle, 
whereas,  Mr.  Kidd  himself  called  at  regular  inter- 
vals on  his  neighbors  for  such  articles  as  were 
wanted  for  his  domestic  arrangements.  Various 
excellent  ladies  were,  like  Mrs.  Pardiggle,  anxious 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  201 

for  his  soul's  good,  and  tracts,  books  and  religious 
newspapers  were  not  unfrequently  sent  to  this 
worthy  house-painter ;  and,  like  the  bricklayer, 
might  have  asked  of  himself,  "  Did  I  read  that 
little  book  you  sent  me  ?  no" — and  he  might  have 
added,  "nor  the  large  book  either;"  for,  after  all 
their  missionary  efforts,  the  ladies  were  mortified 
and  discouraged  to  learn  that  Mr.  Kidd  only  used 
the  large  Bible  sent  him,  as  a  sort  of  portfolio,  or 
undisturbed  place  of  safety  in  which  to  deposit 
some  gaudy  colored  pictures  wrhich  he  possessed. 

Like  most  eminent  men,  though,  the  capacious 
mind  of  Mr.  Kidd  found  itself  too  much  circum- 
scribed in  the  quiet  business  of  house-painting,  and 
on  a  summer's  eve,  throwing  off  the  shackles  thus 
imposed  on  him,  he  might  have  been  seen  wending 
his  way  to  the  best  fishing  places  on  the  river,  accom- 
panied by  his  sons,  Baldwin  and  Jennings.  When 
rewarded  by  a  good  string  of  fish,  the  family  would 
fare  sumptuously  for  a  few  days,  only  exacting 
from  their  neighbors  bacon,  lard,  flour  and  pepper 
for  the  purpose  of  frying  their  fish.  But  if,  on  the 
contrary,  the  fishermen  were  unsuccessful,  then 
were  the  boys  and  girls  of  the  family  sent  out  in 
various  directions  for  the  purpose  of  begging  arti- 
cles for  supper  and  breakfast.  Being  very  fond  of 
molasses,  they  had  their  regular  days  for  going  out 
to  beg  that  article ;  and  on  molasses  days,  they 
placed  a  large  jug  in  the  branch,  partly  concealing 


202      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

it  with  sand,  and  six  or  seven  of  the  family  would 
take  the  different  wards  of  the  town,  and  meeting 
at  the  place  of  rendezvous,  they  would  deposit  their 
sweet  treasures  in  the  earthen  vessel,  and  jointly 
convey  it  to  the  dwelling  of  their  respected  relative. 

Several  of  the  females  of  the  family  were  distin- 
guished in  the  annals  of  the  town.  Miss  Cecilia, 
having  traveled  to  Richmond  at  the  public  expense, 
spending  there  several  years  in  that  large  brick 
building,  invidiously  called  the  Penitentiary. 

Miss  Isabella  suffered  from  ennui,  and  owing  to 
this  peculiar  temperament,  she  became  addicted  to 
the  use  of  spiritous  liquors,  often  in  a  fit  of  absence 
removing  from  the  counter  those  articles  without 
paying  for  them ;  and  for  these  offences,  as  well  as 
for  disorderly  conduct,  she  was  often  escorted  to  jail 
bv  her  assiduous  attendant,  that  terror  of  evil- 
doers,  Mr.  Mason. 


About  the  year  1820,  Captain  Epps  Spain  re- 
sided in  a  small  brick  house  on  Diamond  Hill. 
This  dwelling  had  been  several  times  struck  with 
lightning,  and  met  with  an  accident  of  that  sort 
during  the  sojourn  there  of  Captain  Spain.  He  was 
a  humorous  man,  somewhat  eccentric,  paying  consid- 
erable attention  to  the  culture  of  flowers,  and  being 
fond  of  children,  he  not  unfrequently  had  calls  at 


OP   LYNCHBURG.  203 

his  gate  from  the  little  folks  on  their  way  to  school, 
and  they  always  received  from  Captain  Spain  bou- 
quets of  pinks  and  roses,  neatly  arranged  after  the 
good  old  fashion,  with  a  small  bunch  of  thyme  in 
their  midst. 

He  owned  a  great  many  servants,  and  they  all 
seemed  to  lead  together  a  very  easy  life;  but  deter- 
mining to  remove  to  the  Western  country,  for  this 
purpose  Captain  Spain  purchased  a  large  old-fash- 
ioned yellow  carriage,  bordered  with  a  wreath  of 
blood-red  roses.  Perceiving  that  his  preparations 
were  nearly  completed,  the  community  began  to 
wonder  about  his  carriage  horses,  and  to  enquire 
when  he  designed  getting  a  pair.  The  gentleman 
never  gave  his  friends  any  satisfactory  information 
on  the  subject ;  but  about  10  o'clock  one  morning, 
the  question  about  the  quadrupeds  was  satisfactorily 
answered  by  Captain  Spain  coming  out  of  the 
house,  having  his  baggage  put  on  the  carriage, 
locking  the  door,  and  taking  out  of  his  pocket  a 
piece  of  chalk,  with  which  he  wrote  for  "  For  rent." 
Finally,  he  seated  himself  in  his  carriage,  taking 
out  for  perusal  the  morning's  paper;  then  emerged 
from  the  kitchen,  Sam,  Pete,  Bill,  and  a  host  of 
others.  A  part  took  hold  of  the  carriage  in  front, 
and  the  rest  at  the  back — and  when  last  Captain 
Spain*  was  seen,  he  was  sitting  reading  on  the  back 

*  Whether  he  really  went  all  the  way  to  the  West  in  this 


204      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

seat,  a  basket  of  apples  by  his  side,  of  which  he 
was  liberally  partaking,  with  as  much  non-chalance 
as  Micawber  in  the  stage  eating  walnuts  out  of  a 
paper  bag. 


There  were  in  Lynchburg  many  colored  persons, 
both  free  and  slaves,  who  possessed  very  good  char- 
acters, and  some  of  them  were  remarkable  for  good 
sense  as  well  as  for  moral  virtues.  There  were 
uncle  Cato  and  aunt  Sophy  his  wife,  Arthur  Hol- 
combe,  Armistead  Pride,  who  was  liberated  by  his 
master  as  a  reward  for  his  faithful  services;  Isaac 
Harrison,  who  was  at  one  time  a  slave,  but  who 
purchased  his  freedom,  sustaining  an  excellent  char- 
acter, and  managing  his  bathing  establishment  with 
comfort  and  neatness.  He  was  universally  respected 
in  Lynchburg,  where  he  died  suddenly  a  few  years 
since. 

There  was  Blind  Billy,  who  will  long  be  re- 
membered, though  the  soft  clear  notes  of  his  flute 
are  now  no  more  heard.  Like  all  blind  persons,  he 
possessed  a  great  talent  for  music,  and  at  balls, 
parties,  and  military  parades,  he  was  a  most  impor- 
tant personage.  Billy  was  a  slave,  owned  by  the 
late  Dr.  Howell  Davies ;  and  there  was  not  an  in- 

manner,  is  not  recollected,  but  it  is  certain  that  he  thus  left 
Lynchburg. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  205 

habitant  of  the  town  who  would  pass  Blind  Bill 
without  at  least  a  kindly  word.  His  remembrance 
of  voices  was  so  remarkable,  that  he  would  by  that 
means  recognize  an  acquaintance  whom  he  had  not 
seen  for  fifteen  or  twenty  years.  His  death,  occur- 
ring a  few  years  since,  left  in  the  musical  world  a 
chasm  not  easily  supplied ;  for  who  can  now  play 
so  sweetly  for  us  those  touching  old  Scotch  airs, 
which  tearfully  recall  the  loved,  the  lost — or  who 
can  so  gladden  us  with  the  sounds  of  merry  music 
as  poor  Blind  Bill ! 


18 


206  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 


THE    CABELL    FAMILY. 

"William  Cabell  was  a  native  of  Warminster, 
England,  and  was  a  surgeon  in  the  British  Navy.  He 
arrived  in  the  colony  of  Virginia  in  1720,  and,  having 
taken  up  lands  on  both  sides  of  James  River  in  the  pre- 
sent counties  of  Amherst,  Nelson  and  Buckingham,  he 
laid  in  that  region  the  foundation  of  his  fortune.  He 
was  a  good  scholar,  and  soon  surrounded  himself  in  his 
forest  home*  with  a  noble  library.  He  was  skilled  in  his 
profession,  which  he  practiced  within  a  wide  sphere — 
was  sagacious  in  business,  was  fond  of  rural  sports,  and 
revelled  in  the  play  of  -a  sportive  fancy,  the  sallies  of 
which  yet  afford  amusement  at  the  firesides  of  his 
descendants.  Dying  at  an  advanced  age  in  1774,  he  did 
not  live  to  hail  the  advent  of  Independence;  but,  like 
his  contemporary  John  Lewis,  he  contributed  four  sons 
to  the  eventful  contest  in  which  it  was  won.  Of  these 
four  sons,  the  eldest  was  William,  the  second  was  Joseph, 
who  at  various  times  was  a  member  of  the  House  of 
Burgesses,  especially  in  1769,  when  that  body,  dissolved 

*  Liberty  Hall,  now  the  residence  of  N.   F.   Cabell,  Esq., 
Nelson  county. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  207 

by  Botetourt,  adopted,  in  the  Raleigh  Tavern,  the  agree- 
ment already  alluded  to,  and  to  which  his  name  is 
attached;  and,  in  1770,  when  the  Burgesses  uniting  with 
the  merchants,  organized  the  mercantile  association  which 
also  hears  his  name.  He  was  a  member  of  the  Conven- 
tion for  March,  of  July  and  of  December,  but  gave  place 
in  May,  1776,  to  Gabriel  Penn,  and  was  subsequently  a 
member  of  the  Assembly.  The  third  son,  John,  was  a 
member  of  the  Convention  of  1775,  and  of  the  Conven- 
tion of  which  we  are  now  treating.  The  fourth,  Nicholas, 
engaged  in  the  military  service  of  the  Revolution,  served 
under  the  command  of  La  Fayette,  was  a  member  at 
various  times  of  the  Assembly,  and  an  active  politician. 
Thus  did  three  sons  of  the  elder  Cabell  serve  in  the  re- 
spective Conventions,  which  were  held  before  the  Con- 
stitution went  into  effect." 

Hugh  Blair  Grigsby. 

Dr.  George  Cabell,  eldest  son  of  Col.  John 
Cabell,  mentioned  above,  was  born  at  Green  Hill,* 
Buckingham  county,  about  the  year  1766.  He  was 
reared  in  great  hardihood,  practising  from  earliest 
childhood  all  those  athletic  sports  so  well  adapted 
for  strengthening  the  constitution.  Evincing  a 
very  decided  talent  for  medicine  and  surgery,  as 
soon  as  he  had  attained  the  proper  age,  he  was  sent 
to  Philadelphia  to  attend  the  medical  lectures.  At 
that  time,  Philip  Syng  Physick  was  at  the  zenith  of 

*  The  present  residence  of  Lewis  W.  Cabell,  Esq. 


208  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

his  fame,  and  Dr.  Cabell  proved  himself  a  disciple 
worthy  of  his  distinguished  master :  and  it  was  said 
in  Lynchburg  and  the  adjacent  country,  that  Dr. 
Cabell's  skill  in  surgery  was  unsurpassed ;  so  that 
he  was  never  known  to  display  the  smallest  tremor 
or  agitation,  even  whilst  performing  the  most  trying 
and  difficult  operations. 

Those  were  the  days  of  calomel  and  jalap — these 
medicines  then  being  given  without  limit,  followed 
by  immense  doses  of  tartarized  antimony,  and 
ipecachuana,  when  the  suffering  patient  was  only 
permitted  the  use  of  drinks  luke-warm,  and  in 
small  quantities ;  and,  although  Dr.  Cabell  did  not 
entirely  alter  this  state  of  affairs,  yet  he  effected  a 
considerable  reform  in  these  particulars ;  and,  long 
ere  the  name  of  Broussais  was  known  in  America, 
Dr.  Cabell  advocated,  in  a  great  measure,  the  sys- 
tem introduced  by  that  distinguished  Frenchman, 
beginning  by  greatly  diminishing  the  large  portions 
of  mercury  then  administered  without  any  limita- 
tion, by  allowing  the  use  of  ice  and  cooling  drinks, 
and  relying  greatly  on  diet  and  abstinence,  to 
reduce  inflammatory  symptoms. 

The  reputation  of  Dr.  Cabell  became  so  great, 
that  he  often  found  himself  placed  in  painful  and 
difficult  positions — for,  being  regarded  with  awe 
and  superstitious  reverence,  the  patient  and  friends 
expected  him  to  perform  miraculous  cures,  keeping 
at  bay  even  the  great  tyrant  Death.     There  can  be 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  209 

no  doubt,  however,  that  the  strong  faith  felt  in  Dr. 
Cabell,  was  often  beneficial  to  the  sick,  buoying  up 
the  exhausted  spirits  of  the  suffering,  and  thus  per- 
mitting them  to  rally  under  disease. 

At  this  time  Dr.  Samuel  K.  Jennings*  was  a 
resident  of  Lynchburg,  being  eminent  for  his  skill 
in  medicine  ;  and,  with  his  profession,  combining  the 
holy  calling  of  a  Minister  of  the  Gospel,  he  was 
often  during  his  practice  called  upon  to  pray  for 
those  who  were  ill,  and  to  point  the  way  to  that 
great  Physician,  the  Saviour  of  mankind. 

On  one  occasion,  both  Dr.  Cabell  and  himself 
were  the  medical  attendants  of  a  gentlemen  dan- 
gerously ill.  The  symptoms  of  the  patient  were 
very  bad,  life  appearing  to  be  fast  ebbing,  so  that 
even  Dr.  Cabell,  with  his  sanguine  disposition, 
feared  that  the  sufferer  would  soon  enter  the  con- 
fines of  eternity.  Overpowered  by  the  solemnity 
of  the  scene,  and  having  nearly  abandoned  all 
hope,  Dr.  Jennings  sank  on  his  knees  by  the  bed- 
side, pouring  forth  a  prayer  both  touching  and 
eloquent.  A  sudden  ray  of  hope  dawning  on  Dr. 
Cabell,  he  arose  from  his  seat  to  try  some  fresh 
remedies,  calling   out   to   Dr.    Jennings,   "  That's 


*  Many  of  our  old  inhabitants,  doubtless,  remember  Dr. 
Jennings's  "  Steam-Bath" — an  invention  serviceable  for  rheu- 
matism. 


210  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

right,  Brother  Jennings* — you  for  his  soul  and  I 
for  his  body!"  The  prayers  of  this  excellent  man, 
and  the  healing  remedies  of  Dr.  Cabell  were  blest : 
a  perspiration  appearing  on  the  brow  of  the  sick 
man,  was  pronounced  by  some,  the  dew  of  death  ; 
but,  ere  long,  a  gentle  slumber  being  induced,  so 
gentle,  that 

"  They  thought  him  dying  'when  he  slept !" 

But,  on  awaking,  the  crisis  of  the  disease  was  past, 
and,  in  a  short  time,  the  patient  was  entirely  re- 
stored to  health. 

In  early  life,  Dr.  George  Cabell  was  married  to 
Sarah,  the  eldest  daughter  of  Judge  Edmund  Win- 
ston. Mrs.  Cabell  was  a  lady  of  great  elegance, 
beauty  and  refinement,  dignifying  and  adorning  the 
high  station  which  she  occupied.  Their  residence 
was,  at  one  time,  the  house  now  owned  by  Mr.  A. 
Armistead.  They  afterwards  resided  at  "  The  Point 
of  Honor,"  the  handsome  mansion  now  owned  by 
D.  Payne,  Esq.  Of  a  large  family  of  sons  and 
daughters,  only  two  members  survive — J.  Brecken- 
ridge  Cabell,  Esq.,  of  Greenbrier  county,  and 
George  Kuhn  Cabell,  Esq. 

This  family  were  remarkable  for  their  mental 
culture  and  accomplishments,  particularly  that  of 
music,  the  three  daughters  performing,  on  different 

*  This  anecdote  is  related  by  a  connexion  of  Dr.  Cabell. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  211 

instruments,  in  a  manner  that  would  excite  aston- 
ishment and  admiration  even  at  the  present  day. 
Elvira,  the  eldest,  was  the  wife  of  Spottswood 
Henry,  Esq. ;  Alice,  the  second,  married  Walter 
Carrington,  Esq.  Marian  Fontaine  Cabell  was  a 
very  superior  woman,  gifted  with  wit  most  refined, 
and  a  temperament  highly  poetical  and  imaginative. 
Long  will  she  be  remembered  in  her  native  town, 
with  just  pride,  and  her  early,  mournful  fate  de- 
plored. The  thrilling  tones  of  her  music  still  vi- 
brate on  the  tender  chords  of  memory,  though  her 
beautiful  hands  have  long  lain  in  the  silent  tomb. 
She  married  Dr.  Landon  Cabell,  of  Amherst,  sur- 
viving only  a  few  years  this  event. 

The  high-minded,  warm-hearted  William  Lewis 
Cabell  was  the  youngest  son  of  Dr.  George  Cabell. 
His  early  death,  and  that  of  his  young  wife,  has 
already  been  mentioned ;  but,  in  this  place,  natu- 
rally the  retrospective  thought  carries  us  back  to 
that  period  when  the  greater  part  of  our  community 
assembled  with  downcast  looks  and  tearful  eyes,  to 
listen  to  their  funeral  sermon,  preached  at  the  same 
time  by  the  Rev.  F.  G.  Smith,  at  the  Episcopal 
Church  of  Lynchburg. 


212  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 


DR.    JOHN    J.    CABELL. 

John  Jordan  Cabell  was  the  second  son  of 
Colonel  John  Cabell,  of  Buckingham,  and  he  was 
born  at  Greenhill,  where  his  parents  at  that  time 
resided.  He  studied  medicine  in  Philadelphia, 
where  he  graduated  with  high  honors  ;  and,  estab- 
lishing himself  soon  after  in  Lynchburg,  he  rose 
rapidly  in  his  profession.  His  reputation  as  a  sur- 
geon was  not  so  great  as  that  of  his  brother ;  but, 
in  the  practice  of  medicine,  he  occupied  a  standing 
equally  high.  Dr.  John  Cabell  had  an  impediment 
in  his  speech,  which  made  him  appear  to  disadvan- 
tage in  society,  yet  he  was  a  man  of  enlarged  and 
cultivated  mind,  wielding  the  pen  with  power,  par- 
ticularly on  political  subjects :  *  but  the  trait  for 
which  John  J.  Cabell  was  most  remarkable,  was  an 
untiring  perseverance  in  the  most  arduous  pursuits, 
and  a  recuperative  energy  in  the  most  trying  emer- 
gencies of  life  ;  and  prominent  as  are  those  dispo- 
sitions in  the  Cabell  family,  yet  in  no  instance  have 
any  of  its  members  excelled  Dr.  John  Cabell.  An 
anecdote  related  of  him  when  a  boy,  may  be  here 
introduced  to  display  the  resources  possessed  by 
him,  even  at  that  tender  age. 

*  He  established,  in  Lynchburg,  the  paper  called  the  "  Jef- 
fersonian  Republican." 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  213 

His  father  was  a  man  of  wealth,  and  was  pos- 
sessed of  great  energy  and  industry.  One  morn- 
ing coming  in  from  a  very  busy  scene  on  his  plan- 
tation, somewhat  tired  and  impatient  too,  in  conse- 
quence of  the  delay  of  his  customary  cup  of  coffee, 
he  upbraided  John  most  unjustly  for  being  idle — a 
charge  quite  undeserved  by  the  subject  of  this 
sketch,  and  which  might  have  been  shared  by  many 
other  young  men,  previous  to  their  obtaining  a  pro- 
fession, or  being  settled  on  plantations  of  their  own. 
Stung  to  the  quick  by  these  reproaches,  John  de- 
termined to  go  to  the  county  of  Monroe,  where,  at 
that  time,  his  father  owned  a  large  body  of  land. 
When  arrived  there,  finding  that  the  inhabitants  of 
that  secluded  spot  desired  a  little  polish,  in  the 
way  of  a  dancing  school,  he  immediately  offered 
himself  as  a  teacher,  and  was  gladly  accepted  by 
those  primitive  people.  On  the  day  appointed  for 
the  opening  of  his  "  Terpsichore  Hall,"  accompanied 
by  a  fiddler,  he  proceeded  to  the  place  of  rendezvous. 
The  tardy  country  mails,  even  in  those  days,  some- 
times brought  letters,  and  just  as  the  first  strain  of 
music  had  been  played,  preparatory  to  commencing 
evolutions,  a  letter  was  handed  to  the  youthful 
amateur  dancing-master.  The  lines  were  from  his 
father,  urging  his  speedy  return  to  the  paternal 
roof,  and  promising  to  settle  him  on  a  plantation, 
or  to  send  him  to  Philadelphia  to  study  medicine. 
With   his    characteristic   taciturnity,    John    Cabell 


214  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

merely  remarked,  in  a  laconic  manner,  "  This 
school  is  dismissed" — and  directly  he  set  out  on  his 
return  to  Buckingham. 

Soon  after  graduating  in  medicine,  Dr.  J.  Cahell 
married  Harrianne  Davies,  of  Bedford,  a  lady  of 
great  •worth,  and  whose  kind  acts  and  amiable  dis- 
position will  never  be  forgotten  by  her  friends 
throughout  the  State.  Dr.  Cabell  accumulated  a 
large  fortune,  and,  purchasing  a  valuable  estate  in 
Kanawha,  when  somewhat  advanced  in  life,  he 
established  himself  there  permanently,  carrying  on 
with  great  energy  and  perseverance  an  extensive 
salt  manufactory.  It  is  related  of  him,  that  soon 
after  purchasing  this  property,  and  when  compara- 
tively a  young  man,  he  ascertained  that,  for  carry- 
ing on  his  salt  works,  a  certain  piece  of  machinery 
was  absolutely  necessary.  At  this  time,  there  were 
no  steamboats  on  the  Ohio  and  Kanawha  Rivers, 
and  it  was  impossible  to  purchase  this  piece  of 
machinery  nearer  than  Cincinnati ;  so  Dr.  Cabell 
went  from  Kanawha  to  that  place  on  horseback, 
purchased  the  desired  article,  took  it  on  his  shoul- 
der, and  thus  returned  to  the  salt  manufactory.  The 
piece  of  machinery  was  an  immensely  long  iron 
pipe,  extending  a  distance,  both  in  advance  and  in 
rear,  so  that  it  was  visible  long  before  the  rider, 
and  left  a  trace  when  he  was  partially  out  of  sight.* 

*  This  anecdote  is  related  by  the  late  F.  Sydnor,  Esq. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  215 

J.  Cabell  in  life,  when  we  hear  of  his  brave  combat 
with  its  troubles  and  difficulties.  In  the  year  1830, 
he  removed  his  family  to  Kanawha  ;  and,  during 
the  summer  of  1834,  he  died  very  suddenly  from 
the  effects  of  exposure  whilst  attending  to  his  busi- 
ness. His  excellent  wife  survived  him  many  years, 
dying  in  Lynchburg  in  the  year  1842. 

Of  a  large  family,  Mrs.  Henrianne  Early,  of 
Lynchburg  alone  survives.  She  is  the  wife  of  Sam- 
uel Henry  Early,  Esq.,  and  they  occupy  the  old 
family  mansion,  in  which  for  many  years  Dr.  Cabell 
resided,  and  where  his  good  wife  so  kindly  and 
gently  dispensed  her  hospitalities.  As  we  look 
back  and  contemplate  the  departure  of  that  house- 
hold band,  we  are  tempted  to  wish  that  we  could 
turn  aside  to  the  paths  of  fiction,  making  a  pleasing 
record  of  blooming  health  and  long  life.  Mary, 
the  oldest  daughter,  possessed  a  mind  of  the  highest 
order  :  she  was  poetical,  and  contemplative,  and, 
from  childhood,  she  was  remarkable  for  her  deep 
and  fervent  aspirations  for  a  higher  and  nobler 
state  of  existence.  When  she  was  very  young,  her 
father  became  a  convert  to  the  doctrines  of  Em- 
manual  Swedenborg — the  diffusion  of  which  he 
prosecuted  with  all  the  fervid  zeal  of  his  nature, — 
and  this  favorite  daughter  deeply  sympathized  with 
her  beloved  parent  in  these  spiritual  views,  seeming 
to  understand  all  of  his  feelings,  and  to  be  aware  of 


216      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

his  thoughts  almost  before  their  utterance  ;  but  this 
sacred  intercourse  was  broken  up,  Death  claiming 
for  his  own  the  loving,  gentle,  intellectual  Mary. 

Mrs.  Richard  Cralle,  Mrs.  Henry  Ward,  and 
Mrs.  Thomas  Friend,  were  all  gifted  with  superior 
minds  and  most  kindly  dispositions.  Paulina,  the 
most  beautiful  girl  of  Lynchburg,  joined  the  sacred 
throng  on  high,  in  the  month  of  May,  1835  :  the 
touching  beauty  of  her  death-scene,  was  tenderly 
recorded  by  one  who  stood  beside  her  and  has  long 
since  joined  her  in  Heaven  : 

"  There  is  no  death — what  seems  so  is  transition  : 
This  life  of  mortal  breath, 
Is  but  a  suburb  of  the  life  elysian, 
Whose  portal  we  call  Death  !" 

Of  the  members  of  the  Cabell  family  in  Lynch- 
burg, Mrs.  William  Lewis,  of  Mount  Athos,  may 
properly  be  mentioned.  She  was  one  of  the  daugh- 
ters of  Joseph  Cabell,  mentioned  in  the  extract 
from  the  speech  of  Hugh  Blair  Grigsby,  Esq.  She 
was  a  faithful  and  affectionate  friend,  and  possessed 
a  warm,  generous  heart.  Her  husband  belonged  to 
the  Lewis  family,  of  Augusta  and  Monroe,  and  he 
was  one  of  the  sons  of  the  brave,  gallant  William 
Lewis,  of  Augusta,  who  so  nobly  participated  in 
the  revolutionary  struggles.  She  survived  her 
worthy  husband  many  years,  making  her  home 
principally  in  Kentucky,  with  her  sister,  the  vene- 


OF    LYNCHBURG.  217 

rable  Mrs.  Breckenridge,  who  was  also  a  daughter 
of  Joseph  Cabell. 

Mrs.  Breckenridge  was  the  wife  of  Attorney 
General  Breckenridge,  who  received  that  appoint- 
ment from  General  Washington ;  and,  during  the 
lifetime  of  her  husband,  she  emigrated  to  Ken- 
tucky, where  her  descendants  reside.  She  was  the 
mother  of  the  distinguished  Presbyterian  ministers 
of  that  name,  and  grand-mother  of  John  C.  Breck- 
enridge, the  Vice  President  of  the  United  States. 
She  was  also  the  mother  of  Mrs.  General  Porter, 
of  Black  Rock,  a  lady  distinguished  throughout  the 
Union  for  her  worth  and  excellence,  as  well  as  for 
her  elegant  manners  and  appearance.  Not  a  great 
many  years  since,  Mrs.  Breckenridge  visited  her 
native  State,  calling  on  many  friends  and  relatives, 
and  captivating  all  who  met  her  by  her  warm- 
hearted sincerity. 

Landon  Cabell,  Esq.,  resided  for  many  years 
in  the  vicinity  of  Lynchburg,  in  the  county  of 
Amherst.  He  was  a  grandson  of  William  Cabell, 
of  Warminster,  England ;  and  a  son  of  William 
Cabell,  of  Union  Hill.  He  made  his  home,  also, 
in  Lynchburg  for  a  period  of  eighteen  months.  He 
was  a  high-minded,  chivalrous  man — a  true  gentle- 
man of  the  old  school,  with  impulses  most  generous 
19 


218      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

and  feelings  most  kindly.  Of  liberal  education, 
he  continued  through  life  to  derive  pleasure  from 
the  use  of  an  extensive  library.  He  died  in  1834, 
leaving  a  -widow  and  three  children,  of  "whom  Dr. 
R.  H.  Cabell,  of  Richmond,  and  Mrs.  E.  Preston, 
of  Missouri,  survive.  Many  little  incidents  might 
be  recorded  to  show  the  generous  nature  of  this 
excellent  man,  and  the  delicacy  of  feeling  which 
governed  all  his  actions.  Residing  for  some  years 
in  the  mountains  of  Nelson  county,  he  was  chosen 
magistrate — an  office  but  little  adapted  to  his  kind, 
sensitive  disposition.  He,  however,  discharged  its 
duties  with  great  zeal  and  faithfulness,  and  when 
compelled  to  render  a  verdict,  or  judgment,  against 
a  poor  man,  Mr.  Cabell  invariably  paid  the  costs 
for  him. 

Mrs.  Paulina  Daniel,  the  second  wife  of  Judge 
Daniel,  was  a  sister  of  Dr.  George  Cabell,  and  Mrs. 
George  Whitelocke  was  a  daughter  of  Samuel 
Cabell,  Esq.,  of  Soldier's  Joy.  She  was  also  a  sis- 
ter of  P.  H.  Cabell,  of  Lynchburg,  well  esteemed 
in  the  town,  and  who  died  in  1838.  Mrs.  White- 
locke  was  a  lady  of  most  excellent  disposition,  and 
of  fine  personal  appearance ;  and  her  domestic 
management  was  the  most  superior  in  Lynchburg. 
She  resided  in  the  house  ow7ned  by  Mr.  Whitelocke, 
just  below  the  house  of  the  Rev.  TV.  S.  Reid.     In 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  219 

1827  thi3  excellent  lady  departed  this  life,  leaving 
only  one  daughter,  Mrs.  Dr.  Bohannan,  of  Rich- 
mond. 

Mrs.  Emeline  Scruggs,  so  well  beloved  in  Lynch- 
burg, is  the  youngest  daughter  of  Colonel  Samuel 
J.  Cabell,  of  Soldier's  Joy.  This  lady  is  the  widow 
of  B.  E.  Scruggs,  Esq.,  a  well  known  and  esteemed 
citizen  of  Lynchburg,  who  died  in  the  winter 
of  1856,  and  whose  remains  repose  in  the  Presby- 
terian graveyard. 

Nor  can  this  chapter  be  closed  without  a  brief 
tribute  to  the  memory  of  Mrs.  John  Morriss,  of 
Lynchburg.  She  was  the  oldest  daughter  of  Dr. 
Samuel  J.  Cabell,  of  Bedford.  Her  lovely,  amia- 
ble disposition,  and  bright,  beautiful  face,  are 
indelibly  impressed  on  memory ;  and,  whilst  we 
deplore  her  mournful,  untimely  death,  which  took 
place  ere  the  bridal  wreath  had  withered  on  her 
fair  brow,  we  yet  feel  every  assurance  that  she  now 
rejoices  in  Paradise,  crowned  with  never-fading 
flowers.  Her  remains  repose  in  the  extreme  corner 
of  the  Presbyterian  graveyard,  where  a  most 
elegant,  simple  and  appropriate  monument  marks 
the  spot. 


220  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 


THE    WINSTON   FAMILY. 

"  He  kept  a  brave  old  mansion, 
At  a  bountiful  old  rate, 
With  a  good  old  porter  to  relieve 
The  old  poor  at  his  gate. 

Like  a  fine  old  English  gentleman, 
All  of  the  olden  time." 

With  the  name  of  Cabell  is  intimately  associated 
that  of  Winston,  not  only  from  their  occupying  the 
same  position  in  society,  but  from  the  circumstance 
of  two  of  the  sons  of  Colonel  John  Cabell,  of 
Buckingham,  marrying  daughters  of  Judge  Ed- 
mund Winston,  of  Chesnut  Hill,  Campbell  county. 
Dr.  George  Cabell  was  united  in  marriage  to  Sarah 
Winston,  and  some  few  years  later,  Frederick  Ca- 
bell, Sr.,  of  Nelson,  became  the  husband  of  Alice, 
the  second  daughter. 

Judge  Edmund  Winston  was  a  native  of  Hano- 
ver  county,  and  when  a  young  man  he  chose  for  his 
wife  Alice  Winston,  his  first  cousin.  Settling  in 
the  latter  part  of  the  last  century  near  Lynchburg, 
his  abode  was  the  seat  of  that  genuine  old  Virginia 


OF   LYNCIIBURG.  221 

hospitality,  "which,  in  this  age  of  steam  and  tele- 
graph, is  so  fast  departing  from  our  midst.  Of  the 
high  talents  and  legal  abilities  of  this  eminent  ju- 
rist, it  is  not  here  the  intention  to  make  a  record, 
but  only  to  recall  a  few  incidents  connected  with 
this  family,  alike  distinguished  for  moral  worth  and 
high  mental  attainments.  Sarah,  the  accomplished 
and  excellent  wife  of  Dr.  George  Cabell,  has  al- 
ready been  mentioned.  Alice,  the  second  daughter, 
was  a  very  superior  woman,  her  mind  being  of  a 
fine  order,  and  in  the  highest  degree  cultivated ;  and 
it  is  related  that  the  late  Joseph  C.  Cabell,  on  his 
return  from  a  European  tour,  where  he  had  access 
to  the  most  brilliant  and  enlightened  circles  of  the 
old  country,  was  heard  to  say  that  he  in  Europe 
had  seen  few  ladies  equal  to  Alice  Winston,  and 
none  superior. 

On  becoming  the  wife  of  Frederick  Cabell,  Sr., 
and  leaving  the  paternal  roof,  this  lady  entered  on 
a  life  entirely  new  to  her,  in  a  county  at  that  time 
thinly  settled,  and  the  inhabitants  primitive  in  their 
habits  ;  yet  she  found  herself  perfectly  at  home 
amid  those  simple  scenes,  carrying  on  with  zeal  and 
energy  the  manufacture  of  domestic  fabrics,  con- 
tinuing to  improve  her  mind,  and  in  after  years 
assisting  in  the  education  of  her  children,  from 
whom  she  was  taken  suddenly  in  1814,  whilst  the 
greater  part  of  them  were  in  infancy. 

The  members  of  the  Winston  family  are  all  dis- 


222     SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

tinguished  for  that  calm  self-possession  and  dignified 
composure,  which  would  cause  any  one  of  them  to  be 
at  perfect  ease  in  the  presence  even  of  a  crowned 
monarch.  One  of  the  younger  daughters  married 
Mr.  Moseley,  of  Bedford,  and  this  excellent  woman 
resided  for  many  years  in  the  vicinity  of  Liberty, 
where  she  led  a  most  useful,  happy  life,  and  where 
many  of  her  descendants  still  live,  cherishing  the 
memory  of  her  virtues  as  a  sacred  legacy.  Mary, 
the  youngest  daughter,  married  Colonel  John  Johns, 
of  Buckingham,  and  dying  five  years  since,  she  was 
interred  at  Chesnut  Hill,  their  former  residence. 
George  Winston,  the  oldest  son,  married  a  daugh- 
ter of  Patrick  Henry.  Emigrating  some  years 
since  to  Alabama,  his  descendants  reside  in  that 
State,  one  of  his  sons  being  at  present  Governor  of 
Alabama.  Of  this  large  family,  Edmund  Win- 
ston, Esq.,  of  Amherst,  alone  survives.  Well 
known  and  beloved  throughout  a  large  circle  of 
friends,  who  have  partaken  of  his  noble  hospitality, 
this  excellent  man  is  now  calmly  passing  the  eve- 
ning of  his  days,  patiently  waiting  the  time  when 
his  broken  household  shall  be  happily  re-united  in 
a  heavenly  home.  More  than  half  a  century  since, 
Mr.  Winston  married  Caroline,  the  daughter  of 
Colonel  John  Wiatt,  and  who  still  survives ;  and 
this  venerable  couple  have  lived  to  witness  many 
changes. 
Numberless  anecdotes  are  related  of  Judge  Win- 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  223 

ston,  all  tending  to  show  that  high-minded,  chival- 
rous disposition  which  so  adorned  the  Cavalier  gen- 
tlemen of  the  Old  Dominion.  During  the  violence 
of  the  French  Revolution,  a  family  of  French  refu- 
gees accidentally  made  Chesnut  Hill  their  tempo- 
rary home.  They  were  perfect  strangers  to  Judge 
Winston,  and  the  hospitality  tendered  to  them  was 
such  as  a  Christian  would,  in  its  broadest  sense,  ex- 
ercise, without  any  interested  motives  whatever. 
They  proved  to  be  persons  of  great  elegance  and 
refinement,  and  Madame  Laporte  and  her  daughters 
enlivened  much  the  social  circle  of  Chesnut  Hill ; 
and  though  so  recently  from  a  scene  of  blood  and 
carnage,  yet,  with  all  the  buoyancy  and  versatility 
of  the  French  nation,  they  related  anecdotes  of  the 
Tuilleries,  Versailles,  and  many  incidents  connected 
with  the  gifted,  but  ill-fated  Madame  Roland,  and 
the  lovely,  unfortunate  Marie  Antoinette.  After  a 
short  time,  Judge  Winston  established  these  ladies 
on  a  plantation  owned  by  himself,  in  the  neighbor- 
hood of  New  London,  and  from  that  place  they 
often  visited  Chesnut  Hill,  exhibiting  all  those  cour- 
tesies in  which  the  French  nation  so  excel  all 
others.  On  the  death  of  an  aged  relative  of  the 
Winston  family,  Madame  Laporte  and  her  daugh- 
ters came  down  on  a  formal  visit  of  condolence,  and 
very  soon  after,  a  large  chest  was  by  them  packed 
with  brocades,  French  fans,  slippers,  laces,  silks, 
&c,  and  sent  to  the  Misses  Winston.     The  contents, 


224      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

being  viewed  with  great  delight  by  the  young 
ladies,  a  distribution  was  about  being  made,  when 
their  father,  entering  the  room,  caused  a  stop  to  be 
put  to  these  proceedings,  by  having  the  chest  nailed 
up  again  and  returned,  with  many  polite  messages 
to  the  French  ladies,  deeming  that  it  was  not  right  to 
accept  such  favors  in  the  position  which  he  occupied 
to  them.  A  part  of  Madame  Laporte's  fortune  hav- 
ing been  rescued  and  remitted  to  her,  these  ladies, 
leaving  the  upper  country,  selected  for  themselves 
a  home  in  the  neighborhood  of  'Petersburg.  Vic- 
toire,  the  oldest  daughter,  married  a  Virginian  by 
the  name  of  Campbell,  and  settled  in  the  town  of 
Petersburg.  Many  years  after  this  time,  Judge 
Winston  was  attending  one  of  his  courts  in  that 
town.  He  had  gone  thither  in  his  carriage,  and 
whilst  there,  one  of  his  horses  having  died,  the 
Judge  was  much  troubled  about  returning  home,  for 
in  those  days  there  were  no  public  conveyances. 
Delighted  to  have  an  opportunity  of  repaying  her 
many  obligations  to  Judge  Winston,  Mrs.  Campbell 
had  insisted  on  his  making  her  house  his  home 
during  his  stay  in  Petersburg,  and  the  death  of  his 
carriage  horse  was,  to  this  lively  French  woman,  a 
positive  pleasure,  as  it  afforded  her  the  great  grati- 
fication of  lending  him  one  of  her  carriage  horses, 
and  sending  with  him  a  servant  man  to  bring  the 
horse  home.  By  a  singular  coincidence,  the  oldest 
son  of  Mrs.  Campbell,  many  years   after  this  time, 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  225 

accidentally  met  with  Mary  Moseley,  a  granddaugh- 
ter of  Judge  Winston,  and  being  mutually  pleased, 
the  acquaintance  led  to  a  marriage  between  them. 
Mr.  Campbell  was  a  well  known  and  esteemed  min- 
ister  of   the  Presbyterian  Church.     They  resided 
for  some  years  in  Bedford  county,  but  removing  to 
the  West,  both  himself  and  his  lovely  wife   there 
died,   leaving  several    orphan  children.     An   inci- 
dent, touching  from  its  simplicity,  will  be  recorded 
of  these  sisters  of  the  Winston  family.     Like  the 
five  sisters  of  York,*  these  four  daughters  of  Judge 
Winston  together  wrought   with   diligent  hands  a 
large  piece  of  embroidery,  each  one  laying  off  her 
appointed  portion,  and  anticipating  the  time  when 
the  survivors  would  tenderly  and  mournfully  gaze 
on  the  record  which  would  recall  so  much  of  joy 
and  sorrow.     It  was  kept  in  the  family,  and  often 
brought  forth  by  these  sisters,  when  they  met,  till 
the  last  remaining  sister  would  contemplate  it,  and 
by  her  this  piece  of  embroidery  was  a  map  or  chart 
of  memory,  every  bud  and  flower  bringing  before 
her  the  past,  and  vividly  recalling  the  times  of  hope 
and  youth,  when  these  four  sisters   encircled  the 
family  hearth,  gladdening  with  innocent  mirth  their 
happy  home. 


*  Incident  of  the  five  sisters  of   York,  related  in  Nicholas 
Nickleby. 


226      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

Colonel  John  Wiatt,  for  many  years  a  valued 
and  beloved  citizen  of  Lynchburg,  was  a  native  of 
the  lower  country.  He  was  a  most  gallant  gentle- 
man, combining  all  the  courtesy  of  the  old  Cavalier 
of  Virginia,  with  feelings  the  most  ardent,  generous 
and  affectionate.  When  a  young  man  he  married 
Wilhelnrina  Jordan,  a  sister  of  Mrs.  William  Cabell, 
of  Union  Hill,  and  Mrs.  John  Cabell,  of  Bucking- 
ham. Colonel  Wiatt  served  with  bravery  in  the 
Revolutionary  war,  and  was  present  at  the  battle 
of  Guilford  Court-house ;  but  shortly  after  the  ter- 
mination of  the  war,  he  came  to  reside  on  his  plan- 
tation in  the  county  of  Amherst,  and  a  few  years 
later  he  removed  to  Lynchburg,  where,  to  the  day 
of  his  death,  he  continued  a  useful  and  revered 
resident. 

Mrs.  Mina  Wiatt  was  a  lady  of  great  beauty 
and  vivacity,  possessing  a  fund  of  wit,  refined  by 
good  humor,  and  such  an  acquaintance  with  human 
nature  as  enabled  her  in  a  short  time,  with  ready 
tact,  to  form  a  just  estimate  of  all  with  whom  she 
came  in  contact.  She  was,  in  old  age,  very  lovely 
and  graceful,  and  her  appearance  as  a  young  bride 
was  thus  described  by  a  lady*  who  met  her  at  her 


*  Mrs.  Anne  Cabell,  at  that  time  Miss  Carrington,  and  after- 
wards Mrs.  Wm.  Cabell,  of  Union  Hill. 


OP   LYNCHBURG.  227 

bridal  party  at  Union  Hill :  "  Mrs.  Wiatt  was  a 
blooming,  beautiful  woman,  with  brilliant  black 
eyes  and  a  profusion  of  dark  hair.  She  was  hab- 
ited in  pink  brocade  trimmed  with  silver,  with  a 
double  skirt  of  the  same ;  her  hair  was  dressed  with 
pink  and  silver,  and  done  up  in  cushions ;  and  her 
sparkling  jewelry  set  ofif  her  elegant  appearance, 
when  slowly  going  through  the  dignified,  graceful 
movements  of  the  minuet." 

Colonel  Wiatt  and  his  excellent  wife,  doubtless,  in 
a  great  measure  led  and  directed  the  taste  of  the 
infant  town  of  Lynchburg,  of  which  they  were  the 
earliest  settlers.  Of  cultivated  minds  and  of  great 
skill  in  horticulture  and  gardening,  and  perfect 
adepts  in  every  sort  of  domestic  manufacture,  Col. 
and  Mrs.  Wiatt,  by  their  wise  and  prudent  counsels, 
greatly  assisted  housekeepers  younger  than  them- 
selves. 

They  had  been  reared  under  the  usages  and  ob- 
servances of  the  Church  of  England;  but  after  the 
Revolutionary  war,  that  denomination  becoming 
nearly  extinct,  they  worshiped  with  great  liberality 
in  other  churches,  and  from  the  establishment  of  the 
first  Presbyterian  Church  of  Lynchburg,  they  regu- 
larly attended  there  and  communed.  Col.  Wiatt 
being  deaf,  was  accommodated  with  an  elevated 
seat,  nearly  on  a  line  with  the  pulpit ;  and  those 
accustomed  in  their  childhood  to  see  there  his  vene- 


228      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

rable  form,  in  wrapt  attention,  feel,  on  entering  that 
old  church,  something  wanting,  when  they  gaze  on 
the  vacant  spot  where  sat  Colonel  John  Wiatt. 

This  excellent  couple  lived  to  great  age,  Mrs. 
Wiatt  surviving  for  some  years  her  husband,  who 
died  in  1827.  Of  this  large  family  alone  survive 
Mrs.  Caroline  Winston,  of  Amherst,  and  Colonel 
Samuel  Wiatt,  both  of  whom  are  well  known  and 
appreciated  in  our  community.  Captain  Wiatt  is  a 
worthy,  high-minded  gentleman,  possessing  a  warm, 
affectionate  heart,  joined  to  wit  of  a  high  order, 
which,  together  with  a  fine  memory  and  habits  of 
great  observation,  render  his  experience  of  life 
truly  amusing  and  interesting,  and  such  as  would 
make  him  an  invaluable  aid  to  Dickens  and  Thack- 
eray. 

Captain  Wiatt  was  first  married  to  Mary,  a 
daughter  of  Benjamin  Brown,  Esq.,  of  Amherst. 
She  was  a  lady  of  great  personal  beauty,  and  her 
mind  equally  lovely.  She  died  in  the  summer  of 
1825,  at  the  residence  of  Edmund  Winston,  Esq., 
of  Amherst.  A  few  years  later,  Captain  Wiatt  was 
united  to  Miss  S.  Brown,  of  Lynchburg,  a  daughter 
of  our  good  citizen,  Matthew  Brown,  Esq.  This 
lady,  for  moral  worth  and  mental  superiority,  was 
unrivalled  in  her  native  town.  Studious  and  diligent 
from  early  childhood,  to  her  husband's  house  she 
carried  these  dispositions,  which,  together  with  her 


OF  LYNCHBURG,  229 

energy  and  industry,  made  her  a  rare  combination 
of  all  that  was  excellent  in  woman.  She  died  in 
1842,  and  her  death  scene  will  never  be  forgotten 
by  her  friends,  whose  faith  was  thereby  strength- 
ened in  the  power  of  religion  to  make  bright  the 
dark  valley  of  the  shadow  of  Death. 


19 


230  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 


THE   NORVELL   FAMILY. 

"  The  world  is  filled  with  the  voices  of  the  dead. 
Sweet  and  solemn  voices  are  they,  speaking  with  un- 
earthly authority;  coming  back  to  us  in  the  messages  of 

angels. ;; 

Influence. 

Captain  William  Norvell,  Sr.  resided  for  many 
years  in  the  large  mansion-house,  at  present  occu- 
pied by  John  M.  Otey,  Esq.  Previously  to  the 
time  of  his  coming  to  Lynchburg,  Captain  Norvell 
resided  in  the  county  of  Amherst,  where  he  mar- 
ried Anne,  the  second  daughter  of  Colonel  John 
Wiatt.  Captain  Norvell  was  an  excellent,  high- 
minded  gentleman,  possessing  great  energy  and 
industry.  Accumulating  a  large  fortune,  and  ably 
for  many  years  filling  the  office  of  President  of  the 
Bank  of  Virginia,  he  died  long  before  attaining  old 
age,  leaving  a  numerous  young  family,  the  care  of 
whom  devolved  on  his  widow,  Mrs.  Anne  Nor- 
vell. This  lady  was  a  very  lovely  and  remarka- 
ble woman,  inheriting  much  of  the  grace  and  per- 
sonal beauty  of  her  mother,  Mrs.  Mina  Wiatt, 
together   with   that    elasticity   of    disposition   and 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  231 

buoyancy  of  character,  which  contributed  towards 
forming  one  of  the  finest  characters  with  which 
Lynchburg  has  ever  been  adorned. 

Remarkably  cheerful  and  even  gay  in  early  life, 
as  soon  as  Mrs.  Norvell  became  religious,  she  gave 
up  all  worldly  pleasures  ;  joyful  in  the  Lord,  she 
ever  found  His  service  a  pleasant  one,  and  into  her 
religion  were  infused  the  buoyancy  and  hopefulness 
of  her  disposition,  causing  her  in  her  daily  walk  to 
show  forth  the  beauty  of  holiness,  thereby  proving 
to  the  worldling,  that 

"  Religion  never  was  designed, 
To  make  our  pleasures  less." 

Thus  did  Mrs.  Norvell  live,  in  all  the  ordinances 
of  the  Lord  blameless,  perfecting  holiness  in  the 
fear  of  God.  An  active  member  of  the  Dorcas  So- 
ciety, a  zealous  member  of  the  Methodist  Church, 
dispensing  aid  to  the  suffering  and  relief  to  the 
sick,  encouraging  and  stimulating  her  minister  by 
her  active  performance  of  duties,  and  wisely  govern- 
ing and  guiding  her  own  household,  so  that  when 
"  at  midnight  the  cry  was  heard  that  the  Bride- 
groom cometh,"  she  arose  like  the  wise  virgins,  and 
went  forth  to  meet  him. 

"  Rise,  saith  the  Master,  come  unto  the  feast; 
She  heard  the  call  and  came  with  willing  feet; 
But  thinking  it  not  otherwise  than  meet 
For  such  a  bidding  to  put  on  her  best, 


232  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

She  is  gone,  as  for  a  few  short  hours, 

Into  her  bridal  closet,  there  to  await 

For  the  unfolding  of  the  palace  gate, 

That  gives  her  entrance  to  the  blissful  bowers. 

We  have  not  seen  her  yet,  though  we  have  been 

Full  often  to  her  chamber  door,  and  oft 

Have  listened  underneath  the  porter's  gate, 

And  laid  fresh  flowers,  and  whispered  short  and  soft ; 

But  she  hath  made  no  answer,  and  the  day 

From  the  clear  West  is  fading  fast  away." 

Alford. 

Many  of  the  members  of  this  interesting  family 
survive.  Captain  William  Norvell,  of  Lynchburg, 
Mrs.  John  M.  Otey,  and  Mrs.  John  Warwick,  also, 
of  that  place,  and  well  known  and  esteemed  in  this 
section  of  country :  Mrs.  Daniel  Warwick,  of  Bal- 
timore, Mrs.  Maria  Waller,  and  Fayette  Norvell, 
Esq.,  of  Shelbyville,  Ky.,  and  Samuel  Gr.  Norvell, 
Esq.,  of  Cincinnati.  The  first  distinct  recollection 
of  this  family  commences  only  a  few  weeks  previous 
to  the  death  of  Mrs.  Emeline  Trent,  second  daugh- 
ter of  Captain  William  Norvell.  This  lovely  lady 
was,  whilst  very  young,  married  to  Dr.  Trent,  of 
Cumberland,  and  in  less  than  two  years  she  was 
the  bride,  the  widow,  the  childless  mother  and  the 
lifeless  corpse.  Her  happiness  thus  in  the  very 
day-spring  of  life  crushed  and  withered  by  accu- 
mulated sorrows,  she  yet,  with  all  the  fortitude  of 
a  strong  mind  and  a  gentle  heart,  endeavored  to 
rally  and  cast  aside  somewhat  the  heavy  weight  of 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  233 

woe  which  had  so  overshadowed  her  youth.  After 
preparing  for  a  visit  to  the  relatives  of  her  husband 
in  Cumberland,  she  came  to  make  a  parting  visit  at 
the  house  now  occupied  by  Henry  Dunnington,  Esq. 
With  what  warm,  childish  admiration  was  her  fair 
face  gazed  on,  her  golden  hair  so  beautifully  con- 
trasted with  her  deep  mourning  habit.  As  she  sat 
by  the  window,  the  sunbeams  danced  around  her, 
playing  in  her  bright  tresses,  thus  throwing  around 
her  a  halo,  and  giving  to  her  face  that  angelic  ex- 
pression it  was  so  soon  destined  to  wear  in  Heaven. 
In  a  brief  time  after  her  departure  were  the 
tidings  of  her  death  received,  and  the  day  on  which 
her  lovely  remains  were  brought  to  Lynchburg  will 
ever,  by  her  family  and  friends,  be  remembered  with 
tender  and  mournful  interest ;  for  a  two-fold  sorrow 
might  now  be  said  to  attend  the  house  of  Captain 
William  Norvell.  Several  years  previous,  Martha 
Ann,  the  eldest  daughter,  had  married  Chiswell 
Dabney,  Esq.,  and  ere  two  years  had  elapsed  of 
her  happy  married  life,  the  young  wife  was  sud- 
denly called  hence,  just  as  she  had  for  a  few  weeks 
only  rejoiced  in  the  sweet  dream  of  her  mother- 
hood. Tenderly  had  she  been  laid  to  rest  in  the 
garden  of  her  parents,  where  her  grave  served  con- 
stantly to  remind  them  of  their  irreparable  loss. 
But  on  the  death  of  Mrs.  Trent,  Mrs.  Martha  Dab- 
ney was  disinterred,  and  these  two  lovely  sisters 
were  together  borne  a  few  miles  from  the  town  to 


234      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

the  plantation  of  Captain  William  Norvell,  which, 
from  that  period,  became  the  burial  place  of  the 
Norvell  family. 

We  cannot  close  without  a  brief  tribute  to  the 
memory  of  John  E.  Norvell,  second  son  of  Cap- 
tain William  Norvell.  He  was  born  in  the  town  of 
Lynchburg,  and  principally  educated  in  that  place, 
where  he  was  greatly  beloved.  Elegant  in  person 
and  manners,  and  gifted  with  feelings  the  most 
amiable  and  honorable,  John  E.  Norvell  will  ever 
be  remembered  with  affection  and  admiration  by 
those  with  whom  he  was  associated  in  his  native 
place.  Possessing  exquisite  talents  for  music,  from 
this  art  he  derived  no  selfish  gratification,  frequently 
making  a  sacrifice  of  his  own  ease  and  convenience 
in  order  to  administer  to  the  pleasure  and  cheerful- 
ness of  others.  A  D'Orsay  in  polished  elegance, 
without  the  heartlessness  of  fashion;  and  in  the 
perfect  taste  of  his  attire — a  Brummel,  devoid  of 
the  cringing  servility  of  that  "master  of  the  Prince 
Regent,"  John  Norvell  will  ever  live  in  the  remem- 
brance of  his  friends,  and  will  be  cherished  as  a 
bright,  sunny  spot  in  the  memory  of  bygone  days  ! 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  235 


THE    WARWICK    FAMILY. 

MAJOR  WILLIAM  WARWICK. 

Major  William  Warwick,  for  many  years  the 
revered  and  excellent  visitor  of  our  town,  was  a 
native  of  the  county  of  Buckingham,*  where  was 
passed  his  boyhood.  Settling  whilst  a  young  man 
in  the  county  of  Amherst,  and  occupying  the  sta- 
tion of  a  prominent  bank  officer,  Major  Warwick 
may  be  justly  claimed  by  our  town  as  a  citizen,  par- 
ticularly as  through  life  he  was  a  constant  wor- 
shiper in  the  churches  of  Lynchburg.  Major 
Warwick  was  a  gentleman  of  the  most  honorable 
feelings.  His  integrity  and  uprightness  were  so 
conspicuous,  and  so  unswerving  was  he  in  the  pro- 
secution of  what  he  deemed  the  right,  that  many 
were  heard  to  say  that  these  qualities  invested  him 
with  a  moral  sublimity. 

*  Buckingham  or  Nelson,  the  writer  is  not  certainly  informed. 


236      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

Major  Warwick  was  thrice  married,  and  the  chil- 
dren of  all  these  marriages  are  good  and  prosper- 
ous. May  not  this  be  traced,  in  a  great  measure,  to 
the  immediate  hand  of  Providence,  who  has  pro- 
mised that  the  children  of  the  righteous  are  blessed 
to  the  third  and  fourth  generation.  The  family  of 
Warwick  are  all  long-lived,  the  venerable  mother  of 
Major  Warwick  attaining  the  age  of  102,  and  dying 
in  the  county  of  Nelson  a  few  years  since.  The 
traits  of  filial  piety  have,  in  this  family,  been  con- 
spicuous from  generation  to  generation,  and  we  now 
witness  a  fulfillment  of  the  promise  to  those  who 
honor  parents,  "  that  it  may  be  well  with  thee,  and 
and  that  thou  may  est  live  long  in  the  earth."  This 
excellent  man  died  some  years  since,  at  an  ad- 
vanced age,  leaving  to  his  descendants  a  sacred 
legacy  in  a  name  untarnished,  and  connected  only 
with  "  such  things  as  are  pure,  lovely,  and  of  good 
report." 

Of  the  members  of  this  large  family  are  John 
M.  Warwick,  Esq.,  a  prominent  citizen  of  Lynch- 
burg, Messrs.  Corbin  and  Abram  Warwick,  of 
Richmond,  Daniel  Warwick,  of  Baltimore,  and 
Mrs.  Saunders  and  Mrs.  Thomas  Leftwich,  of  Bed- 
ford county. 

The  remains  of  the  first  wife  of  Major  William 
Warwick  repose  in  the  yard  attached  to  the  resi- 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  237 

dence  of  H.  Dunnington,  Esq.,  which,  at  the  time 
of  her  decease  was  the  only  burying  ground*  in  the 
newly  formed  town  of  Lynchburg.  An  aspen  tree 
stands  at  the  foot,  placed  there  by  the  hand  of 
her  affectionate  daughter,  Mrs.  Stuart.  A  very 
large  spreading  tree  formerly  cast  its  shade  over 
this  quiet  resting-place,  but  in  the  year  1820  it  was 
torn  up  by  the  roots  during  a  violent  storm,  leaving 
alone  the  quivering  aspen  tree,  with  its  beautiful 
alternations  of  white  and  green,  reminding  us  of 
the  living  green  of  the  courts  above,  surrounded  by 
shadowy  forms  robed  in  spotless  white  ! 

Captain  James  Warwick,  a  brother  of  Major 
Warwick,  was  for  a  number  of  years  a  respected 
resident  of  Lynchburg.  His  residence  was  exactly 
opposite  to  that  of  Colonel  John  Wiatt ;  and  with 
this  excellent  man  did  he  "  oft  take  sweet  counsel, 
walking  together  to  the  house  of  God."  Captain 
Warwick  was  a  devout  member  of  the  first  Presby- 

*  On  this  spot  was  the  first  Church  of  Lynchburg,  to  which 
this  cemetery  was  attached.  Many  of  the  bodies  were  moved 
to  the  Methodist  burying  ground,  but  others  were  left,  and  the 
spot  where  they  reposed  identified  by  their  friends.  A  bar- 
racks was  at  one  time  held  in  the  part  of  the  house  nearest  the 
Court-house.  This  place  was  at  one  time  the  residence  of  the 
Rev.  Mr.  Tompkins  and  his  family.  They  were  the  earliest  set- 
tlers, and  Mrs.  Tompkins  lived  to  great  age,  dying  only  a  few 
years  since. 


238      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

terian  Church  of  Lynchburg,  and  conspicuous  for 
the  ardor  of  his  attachment  to  his  beloved  pastor, 
adhering  closely  to  him  in  the  division  of  the  church, 
regardless  of  the  changes  of  those  around  him. 
This  excellent  man  died  some  years  since  in  the 
town  of  Lynchburg. 


OF   LYNCHBUEG.  239 


ROBERT   MORRISS. 

"  Is  any  sick?  the  man  of  Eoss  relieves, 

Prescribes,  attends,  and  medicine  makes  and  gives." 

Pope's  Man  of  Eoss. 

Thirty-eight  years  since,  the  large  dwelling  oppo- 
site the  residence  of  Dr.  Robert  Early  was  owned 
by  Robeet  Mobeiss,  Esq.  At  that  time  Mr. 
Morriss  was  a  man  of  wealth ;  his  home  was  the 
abode  of  the  most  genuine  hospitality,  and  the  re- 
fuge of  many  whom  poverty  and  death  had  made 
desolate.  A  sudden  reverse  depriving  him  of  his 
fortune,  himself  and  his  excellent  wife  there  es- 
tablished a  house  for  receiving  boarders.  But 
not  with  the  prosperity  of  Mr.  Morriss  de- 
parted that  kind  spirit  which  had  succored  so  many 
in  their  hour  of  adversity.  The  success  of  this 
good  couple  in  hotel  keeping  was  very  great ;  the 
"  bread  they  had  so  freely  cast  on  the  waters,"  was 
now  returned,  and  they  were  still  enabled  to  pursue 
charities  the  most  enlarged. 

Was  the  mother  of  a  helpless  family  called  sud- 
denly hence  from  her  young  children  ?     Then  would 


240  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

Mr.  and  Mrs.  Morriss  take  charge  of  the  little  ones 
till  a  permanent  asylum  could  be  provided  for  them. 
Did  want  or  sickness  invade  the  dwellings  of  those 
surrounding  them,  then  who  so  prompt  to  render 
assistance  as  this  worthy  couple,  the  counterpart  of 
Pope's  Man  of  Ross,  save  that  Mr.  Morriss  was 
blest  with  a  good  wife,  in  which  he  had  the  advan- 
tage of  the  Man  of  Ross. 

"  Thrice  happy  man,  enabled  to  pursue 

What  all  so  wish,  but  want  the  power  to  do ; 
Oh !  say  what  sums  that  generous  hand  supply, 
What  mines  to  swell  the  generous  charity. 

Of  debts  and  taxes,  wife  and  children  clear, 

This  man  possessed  five  hundred  pounds  a  year ; 

Blush,  grandeur,  blush;  proud  stars,  withdraw  your  blaze — 

Ye  little  stars,  hide  your  diminished  rays  !  " 

Pora's  Man  of  Ross. 

For  a  number  of  years,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Morriss 
continued  to  supply  the  temporal  wants  of  many. 
They  educated  a  number  of  nieces  and  nephews, 
rearing  them  as  their  own  children,  and  placing 
them  in  independent  situations.  In  the  year  1824, 
Mr.  Morriss  took  possession  of  the  Washington 
House,  which  he  kept  with  great  success  for  several 
years ;  then  he  moved  to  the  Franklin  Hotel,  of 
which  he  was  the  worthy  and  beloved  proprietor  for 
a  length  of  time,  dispensing  to  all  around  him  his 
unbounded  kindness,   having  in  his   establishment 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  241 

boarders  whom  he  had  kept  for  a  number  of  years 
without  compensation.  This  excellent  couple  sur- 
vive, residing  in  Lynchburg.  Long  may  they  en- 
joy health  and  happiness,  experiencing  in  full  the 
promise  made  to  the  charitable :  "  Blessed  is  he 
that  considereth  the  poor:  Thou  shalt  make  his  bed 
in  sickness." 


21 


242  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 


THOMAS   WIATT,    Sr. 

11  In  the  heraldry  of  Heaven,  goodness  precedes  great- 

Bishop  Hokne. 


ness." 


Thomas  "VYiatt  was  a  gentleman  of  great  worth 
and  excellence,  and  a  younger  brother  of  Colonel 
John  Wiatt.  They  were  descended  from  an  Eng- 
lish family  of  that  name,  conspicuous  in  the  days 
when  our  State  was  a  colony.  In  the  year  1827, 
Mr.  Wiatt  resided  in  the  house  owned  and  occupied 
by  Dr.  Robert  Early.  When  a  young  man,  Tho- 
mas Wiatt  was  united  in  marriage  to  Sarah  Miller, 
a  daughter  of  one  of  Lynchburg's  earliest  and  most 
estimable  settlers.  A  few  years  since,  the  ancient 
dwelling  of  Mr.  Miller  remained  a  short  distance 
above  the  place  where  now  stands  Mr.  Jesse  Hare's 
stately  building.  It  was  a  long,  lone  dwelling,  with 
shelving  porches,  but  its  place  is  now  doubtless  sup- 
plied by  some  more  modern  structure. 

Mrs.  Wiatt  was  very  congenial  to  her  husband, 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  243 

in  the  possession  of  a  disposition  most  cheerful  and 
buoyant,  together  with  a  lively  wit,  tempered  with 
great  sweetness  of  temper  and  good  humor.  Pass- 
ing through  various  alternations  and  reverses,  they 
yet  preserved,  unharmed,  these  happy  dispositions. 
Active  and  useful  members  of  the  Methodist  Church, 
they  proved  by  their  walk  and  profession  of  reli- 
gion, that 

"  Her  ways  are  ways  of  pleasantness, 
And  all  her  paths  are  peace  !" 

This  good  man  died  in  the  summer  of  1828,  leav- 
ing a  large  family,  several  of  whom  survive.  His 
worthy  and  venerable  wife  still  continues  on  earth 
her  pilgrimage,  having  for  many  years  survived  her 
three  daughters. 

Mary  Wiatt  became  the  wife  of  D.  Hoffman, 
Esq.,  and  carried  into  her  married  life  all  those 
gentle,  lovely  traits  of  character  which  so  caused 
her  to  shine  as  friend,  sister  and  daughter.  Greatly 
beloved  in  Lynchburg,  her  memory  is  deeply  en- 
shrined in  the  hearts  of  friends,  who  cherish  the 
remembrance  of  her  goodness  with  a  desire  that 
they  too  may,  like  her,  merit  the  commendation 
bestowed  by  our  Saviour  on  Mary  of  old :  "  She 
hath  done  what  she  could." 

Martha,  the  youngest  daughter,  was  the  bright- 
est girl  in  Lynchburg — and  her  sweet  smile   and 


244  SKETCHES   AND   HECOLLECTIONS 

joyous  countenance  are  vividly  remembered  along 
with  her  many  virtues,  though  she  has  long  since 
laid  in  the  silent  tomb.  She  married  William 
Massie,  Esq.,  of  Pharsalia,  Nelson  county;  and, 
surviving  her  marriage  only  a  few  years,  she  left 
one  daughter,  who  is  now  Mrs.  Ellen  Warwick,  of 
Nelson  county. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  245 


THE     DABNEY    FAMILY. 

C.  DABNEY— MRS  N.  DABNEY. 

Chiswell  Dabney,  Esq.  is  a  native  of  the  county 
of  Hanover.  About  the  year  1812  he  settled  in 
the  town  of  Lynchburg,  and,  soon  after  commenc- 
ing the  practice  of  the  law,  he  has  since  that  time 
continued  to  add  constantly  to  his  legal  reputation, 
and  to  secure  the  regard  and  esteem  of  the  com- 
munity in  which  he  resides.  His  talents  as  a 
lawyer,  and  his  ability  as  an  efficient  bank  officer, 
are  too  well  known  to  need  here  any  eulogy ;  but  it 
is  a  great  gratification  to  associate  the  name  of  this 
gentleman  with  that  of  Mrs.  Nancy  Dabney,  his 
wife,  who  was  the  oldest  daughter  of  Thomas 
Wiatt,  Esq. 

This  lady  was  a  native  of  the  county  of  Amherst, 
where  were  spent  her  childhood  and  youth ;  yet  she 
was  educated  in  Lynchburg,  and  our  town  naturally 
feels  desirous  to  claim  as  one  of  its  own  daughters, 
this  bright,  talented,  and  excellent  lady.  She  was 
a   very  superior  woman,  endowed  with  a  mind  of 


246  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

the  highest  order,  and  gifted  with  wit  most  brilliant, 
though  ever  tempered  with  gentleness  and  good 
humor.  A  strong  resemblance  in  character,  man- 
ners and  disposition,  existed  between  Mrs.  Dabney 
and  the  family  of  James  Pleasants,  of  Goochland — 
both  possessing  those  warm-hearted  dispositions,  that 
happy  gift  of  extracting  from  passing  scenes  inte- 
rest and  amusement^  and  of  enlivening  the  fireside 
by  those  happy  sallies  of  wit  and  humor ;  thus  keep- 
ing at  bay  all  the  minor,  worrying  cares  of  life, 
which  so  often  corrode  and  canker  the  heart,  even 
more  than  those  heavy  afflictions  in  which  the 
hand  of  Providence  is  immediately  recognized. 
Many  early  recollections  of  Mrs.  Dabney  now  fill 
the  heart,  blended  with  days  of  childhood,  when 
she  with  other  loved  forms  surrounded  the  cheerful 
family  hearth ;  and  words  then  spoken  are  still  fondly 
cherished,  and  often  called  to  mind,  though  the 
voices  which  uttered  them  have  long  been  silent  in 
the  grave.  This  excellent  lady  died  in  the  summer 
of  1834,  leaving  five  daughters,  at  that  time  a  lovely 
unbroken  household.  About  sixteen  years  since, 
two  of  these  daughters  were  called  hence  to  join 
their  mother  in  Heaven,  a  week  only  intervening 
between  the  departure  of  these  beautiful  girls. 
Three  of  these  sisters  survive :  Mrs.  John  S.  Lang- 
horne,  of  Amherst ;  Mrs.  Lucy  Otey,  of  Campbell ; 
and  Mrs.  Dr.  Walker,  of  Lynchburg. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  247 


CAPTAIN  THOMAS  A.  HOLCOMBE. 

"  Mark  the  perfect  man,  and  behold  the  upright,  for 
the  end  of  that  man  is  peace." 

Captain  Thomas  A.  Holcombe,  for  many  years 
a  useful  and  beloved  citizen  of  Lynchburg,  was 
a  native  of  Prince  Edward  county,  and  a  son  of  the 
venerable  Philemon  Holcombe.  He  was  born  on 
the  18th  of  August,  1785,  and  was  educated  at 
Hampden  Sydney  College,  where  he  graduated  ; 
and,  soon  after  studying  for  the  bar,  he  made  such 
rapid  progress,  that,  in  a  brief  time,  he  obtained  a 
license  and  removed  to  the  State  of  Georgia,  with 
the  intention  of  there  pursuing  his  profession.  But, 
very  soon  after  his  settlement  in  that  State,  his 
plans  were  entirely  frustrated  by  a  violent  spell  of 
fever,  which  was  near  costing  him  his  life.  Obey- 
ing then  the  urgent  entreaties  of  his  parents,  he 
returned  to  his  native  State,  where  he  for  several 
years  had  charge  of  a  classical  school,  after  which 
he  returned  to  the  profession  of  law,  which  avoca- 
tion he  pursued  until  he  became  a  Christian  and 


248  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

joined  the  Presbyterian  Church,  of  which  he  was  a 
ruling  elder.  His  having  conscientious  scruples  in 
continuing  the  practice  of  the  law,  was  the  occasion 
of  his  resigning  that  profession ;  and  he  then  be- 
came Marshal  of  the  Chancery  Court ;  but  after 
that  system  was  abolished,  he  became  a  merchant, 
in  which  occupation  he  continued  till  his  death. 

His  temperament  being  most  ardent,  and  his 
mind  active  and  energetic,  Captain  Holcombe  car- 
ried with  him  through  life  these  distinguishing  traits, 
infusing  them  into  all  of  his  undertakings.  In  his 
youth,  he  had  been  united  in  marriage  to  Mary 
Royall,  a  lady  of  great  excellence,  and  in  every 
way  worthy  to  have  been  the  wife  of  such  a  man. 
It  is  said  that,  when  a  young  man,  Captain  Hol- 
combe was  remarkably  gay  in  his  disposition,  fond 
of  pleasure,  and  enthusiastic  in  the  enjoyment  of 
music  and  dancing ;  but  the  one  penning  these 
lines,  has  no  other  recollection  of  him  than  as  an 
ardent,  devout  member  of  the  Presbyterian  Church 
of  Lynchburg,  where  he  greatly  aided  his  minister 
by  the  interest  he  manifested  in  public  worship,  and 
by  the  zealous  assistance  he  rendered  in  the  Sab- 
bath School,  which,  both  in  this  Church*  and  in 
the  old  Methodist  denomination  has  been  so  raueh 
blessed. 

*  In  the  division  of  the  Presbyterian  Church,  Captain  Hol- 
combe joined  the  new  side,  of  -which  the  Rev.  Mr.  Russell  was 
first  pastor,  and  the  Pvev.  Mr.  Mitchell  the  second. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  249 

The  dwelling  of  Captain  Holcombe  was  the  abode 
of  the  most  genuine  old  Virginia  hospitality ;  nor 
did  he  at  one  time  think  it  wrong  to  press  on  his 
guests  the  cheerful  invigorating  glass  of  wine.  But 
his  attention  being  drawn  to  the  subject  of  tempe- 
rance, he  was  led  to  see  that  there  was  no  safety 
in  a  middle  course  ;  and  that  precept  and  exam- 
ple would  better  operate,  if  the  system  of  total 
abstinence  was  practised  by  himself;  accordingly, 
he,  in  his  household,  abandoned  the  use  both  of 
wine  and  spirituous  liquors,  warmly  urging  his 
friends  and  the  community  to  do  the  same.  At 
that  time  there  were  no  Temperance  Societies*  in 
Virginia — an  attempt  though  having  been  made 
to  institute  such  a  society  by  the  venerable  Micajah 
Pendleton,  of  Amherst  county — so  that  Captain 
Holcombe  may  properly  be  denominated  the  Father 
of  Temperance  in  our  State.  He  formed  a  tempe- 
rance society  in  Lynchburg — he  made  public 
speeches,  distributed  tracts,  and  he  traveled  thou- 
sands of  miles  preaching  the  wholesome  doctrines 
of  Temperance.  Zealous,  also,  in  the  prosecution 
of  his  secular  employments,  prompt  in  thought, 
liberal  in  his  household,  and  ever  holding  in  view 
the  service  and  glory  of  God,  Captain  Holcombe 
passed  through  a  most  useful  life,  blessed  by  hun- 


*  Such  is  the  impression. 


250      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

dreds  whom  his  influence   had   rescued  from   the 
grasp  of  the  demon  of  intemperance. 

In  the  month  of  October,  1843,  Captain  Hol- 
combe  left  his  happy  home  for  a  brief  period — 
business  requiring  his  presence  in  Montgomery 
county.  As  soon  as  he  had  arranged  everything 
to  his  satisfaction,  he  returned  to  Lynchburg,  where 
he  arrived  on  the  evening  of  Tuesday,  the  31st  of 
October,  1843.  On  his  return  home,  he  met  his 
devoted  family  with  even  more  than  usual  tender- 
ness. His  health  seemed  perfect,  his  spirits  were 
buoyant  and  cheerful ;  but  in  one  short  hour  from 
the  time  of  entering  his  own  house,  his  sainted 
spirit  winged  its  way  to  realms  of  bliss,*  to  enjoy, 

*  Extract  from  a  letter  received  from  a  gentleman  of  Lynch- 
burg a  few  days  after  this  mournful  event : 

"  Such  a  sensation  I  have  never  known  produced  by  any  death, 
as  by  that  of  Captain  Holcombe.  He  had  been  absent  in  the 
Western  section  of  the  State  a  short  time,  and  returned  in  the 
stage  Tuesday  evening,  a  few  hours  before  his  death,  in  fine 
health  and  spirits.  I  believe  that  the  true  cause  of  his  death  is 
unknown ;  but  it  is  conjectured  that  the  immediate  cause  was 
the  rupture  of  a  blood  vessel.  The  shock  was  so  sudden  and 
unexpected,  that,  although  no  lesson  has  been  oftener  or  more 
solemnly  taught,  that  the  thread  which  suspends  the  sword  over- 
head, may  be  cut  at  any  moment,  scarcely  any  one  at  first 
could  believe  it  was  so.  The  Societies  paid  extraordinary  marks 
of  respect  and  grief  at  his  funeral  and  burial,  which  were  also 
attended  by  a  great  number  of  citizens,  and  for  several  hours, 
during  the  passing  of  the  funeral  and  procession,  all  the  stores 
on  Main  street  were  closed.     All  this  must  have  been  gratify- 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  251 

through  all  eternity,  the  presence  of  that  Saviour 
he  had  so  faithfully  served  whilst  a  pilgrim  and 
sojourner  of  earth.  A  splendid  monument  stands 
over  his  remains  in  the  Presbyterian  graveyard,  but 
his  memory  is  deeply  enshrined  in  the  hearts  of 
devoted  friends ;  and,  to  those  who  knew  and  loved 
him,  a  simple  stone,  with  the  name  of  "  Thomas  A. 
Holcombe,"  would  speak  of  the  past  more  tenderly 
than  the  most  costly  marble  structure. 

It  may  truly  be  said  of  this  excellent  man,  that 
"  He  delivered  the  poor  that  cried,  and  the  fatherless, 
and  him  that  had  none  to  help  him.  The  blessings 
of  him  that  was  ready  to  perish  came  upon  him, 
and  he  caused  the  widow's  heart  to  sing  for  joy." 
Many  interesting  incidents  might  be  recorded  of 
his  numerous  charities,  but  the  recollection  of 
them  is  yet  fresh  in  Lynchburg ;  and  only  one  little 
incident  will  here  be  mentioned,  touching  for  its 
pathos  and  simplicity.  Every  Saturday  evening  it 
was  the  custom  of  Captain  Holcombe  to  have  some 
little  boys  come  to  his  offiee  to  receive  their  weekly 
supply  of  provisions.     The  father  of  those   boys 


ing  to  the  relatives  of  the  deceased,  and  was,  I  think,  very 
creditable  to  the  people,  and  raised  them  considerably  in  my 
estimation.  It  proves  that  tbey  can  justly  appreciate  the  worth 
aad  feel  the  loss  of  a  man  who  had,  with  the  greatest  enthusi- 
asm and  activity,  devoted  a  large  portion  of  his  life  wholly  to 
benevolent  and  charitable  objects." 


252  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

was  given  to  inebriation,  and  Captain  Holcombe 
would  always  caution  them  not  to  allow  their  father 
to  pawn  any  part  of  the  provision  given  for  liquor ; 
but  he  would  add,  "  Tell  your  mother,  when  your 
father  comes  home  drunk,  to  take  care  of  him,  and 
when  he  sobers  off,  give  him  some  bread  and  meat 
to  eat  and  some  strong  coffee  to  drink  ;  and  tell 
him,  that  a  gentleman  who  desires  to  save  him  from 
a  drunkard's  grave,  has  provided  these  comforts  for 
him." 

The  day  after  the  death  of  Captain  Holcombe, 
a  gentleman  was  standing  in  the  front  door  of  the 
residence  of  the  deceased,  when  he  noticed  three  or 
four  little  boys  approaching.  They  came  up  to  the 
gate  and  inquired,  "Is  Captain  Holcombe  dead?" 
The  gentleman  answered  in  the  affirmative ;  and 
they  then  asked,  "  Could  we  be  permitted  to  go  in 
and  look  at  him  ?"  He  gave  them  permission,  and 
they,  with  noiseless  steps,  entered  the  chamber  of 
death.  They  stood  around  his  lifeless  body,  and, 
as  they  gazed  on  that  marble  forehead,  one  of  them, 
with  a  swelling  heart  and  tearful  eye,  exclaimed — 
"  Who  will  now  give  us  bread  !" 

Of  the  members  of  this  family,  survive  Mrs. 
Holcombe,  the  beloved  wife  of  Captain  Thomas  A. 
Holcombe ;  Mrs.  Walter  Henderson,  of  Lynch- 
burg, and  William  and  Royall  Holcombe,  Esqs., 
of    the   same  place.     Of    those   gone   before   are 


of  lynchburg;  253 

Thomas  Philemon  Holcombe,  the  oldest  son  of  the 
deceased,  who  died  many  years  since — the  sweet 
remembrance  of  whose  manly,  loving  heart  and 
many  virtues  is  warmly  cherished  by  his  numerous 
friends  in  his  native  town — and  Lucy  Anne,  the 
youngest  daughter,  the  lovely  wife  of  Dr.  Scott, 
who  died  a  few  years  since,  having  been  suddenly 
called  hence  from  her  husband  and  young  children, 
to  join  her  father  and  brother  in  Heaven. 


22 


254      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 


ROYALL   FAMILY. 

William  Royall,  Sr.,  was  one  of  the  oldest  set- 
tlers of  Lynchburg  after  its  formation.  He  married 
Miss  Royall,  a  first  cousin,  and  a  sister  of  Mrs. 
Thomas  A.  Holcombe;  and  this  excellent  couple 
for  some  years  resided  in  the  house  now  occupied 
by  Charles  L.  Mosby,  Esq.  In  easy,  prosperous 
circumstances,  and  blessed  with  a  numerous  family, 
few  advanced  to  the  summit  of  life  under  such  fa- 
vorable auspices,  as  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Royall.  This 
domestic  happiness  was  invaded  about  the  year 
1818  or  19,  by  the  death  of  Mr.  Royall;  and  like 
a  far  distant,  indistinct  dream,  is  faintly  remem- 
bered the  mournful  procession  of  Masons  bear- 
ing the  deceased  to  his  last  resting-place,  which  was 
situated  in  the  grounds  attached  to  his  dwelling 
house.  Since  that  period  many  of  that  family  have 
been  removed,  till,  of  all  that  circle,  none  survive, 
save  the  excellent  wife  of  William  Royall,  Sr.,  one 
son,  and  a  daughter,  Mrs.  Charles  L.  Mosby,  of 
Lynchburg. 

Around  William  Royall,  jr.,  third  son  of  Mrs. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  255 

Judith  Royall,  linger  the  most  pleasing  and  grate- 
ful memories  of  long  ago,  blended  with  happy 
scenes  of  childhood,  when  with  those,  too,  who  have 
since  passed  away,  we  received  instruction  from  the 
same  good  man,  Mr.  Richardson,*  and  when  on  a 
summer's  eve,  with  careless  glee,  we  traversed  Ivy 
Hill  or  roamed  to  Richardson's  springs.  William 
Royall  spent  his  boyhood  in  Lynchburg,  and  was 
then  sent  to  Amherst  College.  With  a  heart 
most  warm  and  affectionate,  and  a  soul  formed  for 
friendship  most  lasting,  William  Royall  possessed  a 
fine  mind,  well  cultivated — a  taste  for  reading  and 
study  rarely  met  with.  About  eighteen  years  since, 
emigrating  to  the  South-west,  he  died  suddenly,  far 
from  home  and  friends,  who,  though  years  have 
elapsed,  still  speak  of  him  with  emotion,  deeply  re- 
gretting his  untimely  departure : 

"  One  midst  the  forests  of  the  West 
By  a  dark  stream  is  laid  ; 
The  Indian  knows  his  place  of  rest, 
Fast  by  the  forest  shade." 

Rev.  John  Royall  was  the  eldest  son  of  William 
Royall,  Sr. ;  he  was  a  native  of  Lynchburg,  where 
he  too  passed  his  boyhood  under  the  influence  of  a 


*  This  excellent  man  and  first-rate  teacher  was  a  brother  of 
Mr.  James  Benagh,  of  Lynchburg.  He  died  of  consumption  in 
1823. 


256  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

pious  mother.  Sent  at  an  early  age  to  Hampden 
Sydney  College,  he  made  sure  and  rapid  progress 
in  his  studies,  laying  at  this  time  the  foundation  of 
what  he  was  in  after  years — the  faithful,  laborious, 
self-sacrificing  minister  of  the  gospel. 

Soon  after  entering  college,  a  great  revival  of 
religion  taking  place,  Mr.  Royall  became  deeply 
impressed  on  the  subject,  and  for  a  time  even  his 
efforts  to  study  were  frustrated  by  the  intense  and 
overwhelming  desire  to  find  out  the  way  of  salva- 
tion. Soon  after,  making  a  public  profession  of 
religion,  he  united  himself  to  the  Presbyterian 
Church,  devoting  himself  to  the  ministry,  and  by 
his  walk  and  conversation  adorning  the  Christian 
profession,  and  so  showing  forth  in  his  life  the 
beauty  of  holiness,  that  all  who  saw  him  could 
"take  knowledge  of  him  that  he  had  been  with 
Jesus." 

Mr.  Royall  was,  when  very  young,  united  in  mar- 
riage to  Anna  Keith  Taylor,  daughter  of  the  dis- 
tinguished lawyer,  George  Keith  Taylor,  and  a 
niece  of  Chief  Justice  Marshall :  and  for  the  last 
few  years  of  his  life,  Mr.  Royall  resided  in  the 
county  of  Fauquier,  where  he  occupied  a  post  of 
usefulness,  preaching  acceptably  to  a  large  congre- 
gation, who  were  greatly  attached  to  him. 

In  the  month  of  February,  1856,  notwithstand- 
ing the  inclement  weather,  Mr.  Royall  had  set  out 
to  fulfill  a  ministerial  engagement ;   but  on  the  way 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  257 

to  church  he  was  stricken  down,  and  entered  his 
eternal  rest  on  the  Sabbath.  Did  we  compute  age 
by  the  number  of  years  Mr.  Royall  had  lived,  we 
should  say  that  he  had  died  young,  for  he  could  not 
have  attained  his  fiftieth  year ;  but  when  we  con- 
sider his  life  of  active  usefulness,  his  constant 
efforts  to  advance  the  Redeemer's  kingdom ;  when 
we  reflect  upon  the  many  whom,  by  his  pious  exam- 
ple, he  induced  to  become  disciples  of  Christ ;  bear- 
ing in  mind,  too,  the  constant  comfort  he  diffused, 
not  only  in  his  own  family,  but  in  that  of  his  wid- 
owed mother,  we  should  say  that  in  amount  of  good 
works  Mr.  Royall  had  passed  a  long  life,  and  had 
doubtless  finished  his  allotted  task,  departing  at 
the  time  and  in  the  manner  appointed  for  him  by 
the  Wise  Disposer  of  Events. 

"  Blessed  is  that  servant  whom  the  Lord,  when  he 
cometh,  shall  find  watching." 

"Be   ye    therefore   ready  also,   for  the   son    of  man 
cometh  at  an  hour  when  ye  think  not." 


258      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS. 


MR.    AND    MRS.    BARNES, 

PROM    BUFFALO,    NEW   YORK. 

THEIR   CRUELTY    TO    ANN    HINDERSHOT,    THEIR    WHITE 
SERVANT — SINGULAR  TERMINATION   OF  THE   AFFAIR. 

During  the  year  of  1828,  a  man  by  the  name  of 
Barnes  settled,  with  his  family,  in  the  town  of 
Lynchburg,  taking  possession  of  the  white  house 
whose  gable  end  fronts  Main  street,  and  divided 
from  the  residence  of  Captain  Pleasants  Labby  by  a 
cross  street.  They  were  from  the  State  of  New  York, 
and  Mr.  Barnes  was  a  portly,  good-looking  man, 
with  a  grave,  dignified  exterior,  and  when  he  basked 
in  the  sunshine  before  his  shop  door,  with  folded 
arms,  his  appearance  suggested  the  idea  of  a  domes- 
ticated Alexander  Selkirk,  or  a  modern  Diogenes, 
particularly  when  resting  on  a  large  nest  of  tubs 
on  the  sidewalk.  Like  all  model  artistes,  Mr. 
Barnes  had  evidently  studied  attitudes,  for  all  of  his 
tableaux  were  imposing.  For  instance,  his  favorite 
one  was  to  place  himself  by  his  door,  surrounded 
by  a  group  of  his  beautiful  children,  thereby  pro- 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  259 

during  on  passers-by  the  impression  that  he  was  a 
gentleman  of  admirable  domestic  traits. 

Mrs.  Barnes  was  a  fashionable  looking  lady, 
speaking  contemptuously  of  the  slow  ways  of  doing 
things  in  Virginia,  and  when  the  family  appeared 
on  Sunday  going  to  church,  their  appearance  excited 
the  admiration  of  the  primitive  Lynchburgers,  draw- 
ing from  them  the  remark,  "what  a  fine-looking 
family,  and  how  they  do  walk  amongst  us  with  such 
a  city  air  !" 

Mrs.  Barnes  had  often  been  heard  to  express  dis- 
gust at  the  idea  of  a  colored  servant.  "  She  would 
not  have  one  of  the  ugly  creatures  with  their  slo- 
venly ways.  She  was  well  provided  with  a  help, 
who  could  do  more  in  one  day  than  a  negro  would 
perform  in  a  week."  She  had  brought  with  her 
from  New  York  an  indentured  white  servant,  whose 
name  was  Ann  Hindershot,  and  the  neighbors  had 
noticed  and  commended  the  diligence  of  the  girl, 
observing,  however,  that  the  child  wore  a  timid  ex- 
pression of  countenance,  as  if  she  thought  some  one 
was  coming  up  behind  to  strike  her.  The  next 
neighbor,  Mrs.  Labby,  had  for  several  days  missed 
Anne  from  her  accustomed  duties,  but  had  made  no 
comment  on  the  circumstance.  On  entering  her 
parlor  one  morning  and  throwing  open  the  window, 
she  beheld  in  the  attic  of  Barnes'  house  a  sight 
from  which  she  recoiled  with  horror.     She  saw  the 


260  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

pale,  emaciated  form  of  Ann  Hindershot  tied  to  the 
bed  post,  her  thin  hands  raised  in  a  supplicating 
attitude,  whilst  the  cruel  Mrs.  Barnes  was  inflicting 
on  the  child  heavy  blows  with  a  stick,  the  barbarous 
woman  ending  the  morning's  torture  by  throwing 
over  the  sufferer  a  shovel  full  of  hot  embers.  Ann 
Hindershot  was,  by  famine,  so  reduced,  that  she 
could  only  utter  a  feeble  cry,  before  falling  across 
the  foot  of  the  bed  in  a  swoon.  Mrs.  Labby,  going 
immediately  for  her  husband,  informed  him  of  what 
she  had  seen,  and  that  good  citizen,  with  his  cus- 
tomary promptitude,  lost  no  time  in  procuring  a 
warrant  for  the  arrest  of  Barnes  and  his  wife. 
They  denied,  of  course,  the  allegation  of  cruelty, 
but  were  exceedingly  unwilling  for  Ann  Hindershot 
to  be  seen ;  but  Captain  Labby,  insisting  on  the 
execution  of  the  warrant,  the  officers  and  himself 
forced  their  way  up  stairs,  where  lay,  in  a  fainting 
fit,  the  exhausted  frame  of  this  unfortunate  young 
girl.  Capt.  Labby  dispatched  a  message  for  the  late 
Christopher  Anthony,  and  procured  the  attendance 
of  several  physicians,  and  whilst  remedies  were 
being  administered  to  the  sufferer,  Mr.  Anthony  de- 
manded of  Barnes  a  history  of  the  case.  Barnes 
was  evidently  a  timid  man,  after  the  order  of  Mr. 
Bumble,  much  afraid  of  the  savage  wife,  and  de- 
cidedly "more  of  a  philosopher  than  a  warrior." 
He  stated  that  the  girl  had  been  bound  to  him  by 
her  father  in  Buffalo,  New  York,  and  the  exhibition 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  261 

of  the  indentures  fully  confirmed  the  truth  of  the 
statement.  Barnes  and  his  wife  were  held  to  bail,* 
and  after  the  child  had  recovered  from  the  deep 
swoon,  and  her  many  wounds  had  been  dressed,  she 
was  placed  in  a  carriage  and  conveyed  to  the  residence 
of  Mr.  Jones,  exactly  opposite  the  dwelling  of  Major 
James  B.  Risque.  Receiving  every  kindness  from 
the  citizens  of  Lynchburg,  she  was  visited  by  more 
than  a  thousand  persons,  to  ascertain  whether  the 
horrible  story  could  be  true ;  and  there  are  many 
who  recollect  the  wretched  appearance  of  this 
poor  girl,  whilst  she  to  them  narrated  the  persecu- 
tions by  her  undergone  whilst  living  with  the  Barnes 
family.  What  a  strange  contrast  was  her  ghastly 
face  and  attenuated  form,  to  the  blooming  beauty  and 
fashion  by  whom  she  was  often  surrounded.  Had 
Ann  Hindershot  been  a  slave  on  a  Southern  planta- 
tion^ this  incident  might  have  done  admirably  as  a 
fresh  horror  for  Mrs.  Beecher  Stowe  to  add  to 
"Uncle  Tom's  Cabin;"  but  as  Ann  Hindershot 
was  only  a  white  servant,  and  her  master  and  mis- 
tress natives  of  a  Northern  State,  it  is  not  likely 
that  Mrs.  Stowe  would  venture  to  interweave  such 
a  narrative  in  any  of  her  productions.     A  large 


*  A  suitable  accompaniment  to  the  story  of  "Prue,  the  Rusk 
woman,"  in  New  Orleans. 

f  Having  nothing  hut  memory  on  which  to  rely,  perhaps  somo 
of  the  old  inhabitants  can  state  the  fate  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Barnes. 


262      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

subscription  having  been  taken  up  for  Ann,  it  was 
by  some  of  the  most  judicious  citizens  suggested 
that  she  should  be  returned  to  her  parents  in  Buf- 
falo ;  but  this  scheme  was  not  carried  into  effect, 
and  some  of  the  more  visionary  were  not  willing  to 
receive  as  true  the  statement  given  by  Barnes,  but 
they  desired  for  her  a  more  romantic  history.  A 
gentleman  of  Lynchburg,  recollected  that  some 
years  previous  he  had  seen  the  advertisement  of  a 
Mrs.  Allen,  of  New  York,  stating  that  her  only 
child  had  been  lost  or  stolen  whilst  conveying  some 
work  to  the  Sing  Sing  prison,  for  which  she  was  as 
a  seamstress  employed.  This  advertisement  con- 
tained a  description  of  Susan  Allen,  the  lost  child, 
and  it  earnestly  called  upon  all  humane  persons 
throughout  the  United  States  to  assist  her  in  the 
recovery  of  her  daughter. 

The  gentleman  above  mentioned,  hastily  summon- 
ing a  council  of  his  friends ;  they  unanimously  came 
to  the  conclusion  that  Ann  Hindershot  was  no  other 
than  Mrs.  Allen's  "  Wept  of  "Wishton  Wish ; "  so 
they  accordingly  wrote  to  that  lady,  urging  her  im- 
mediate presence  in  Lynchburg,  saying  to  her  that 
her  lost  treasure  had  been  recovered.  Mrs.  Allen, 
soon  appearing,  was  most  hospitably  received  by 
many  of  our  citizens,  but  more  particularly  by  those 
belonging  to  the  Methodist  denomination.  She  was 
informed  of  all  the  circumstances,  and  told  of  the 
large  donation  which  had  been  given  to  the  child ; 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  263 

but  on  meeting  Ann  Hindershot,  there  was  no 
simultaneous  rush  into  each  other's  arms,  and  no  ad- 
juration in  the  true  style  of  novels,  of  "  Living 
Image  of  my  departed  Theodore ;"  for,  greatly  to 
the  disappointment  of  the  good  people  of  Lynch- 
burg, Mrs.  Allen  was  compelled  to  acknowledge 
that  the  child  did  not  resemble  the  one  she  had 
lost — that  the  color  of  the  eyes  differed,  and  that 
the  age  did  not  correspond.  Whilst  in  this  state  of 
doubt,  fresh  eclat  continued  to  be  thrown  around 
this  pair,  and  additional  sums  of  money  were  con- 
tributed for  the  benefit  of  Ann  Hindershot ;  so  that 
one  day,  whilst  Mrs.  Allen  was  gazing  on  her,  she 
exclaimed  passionately,  "  Susan  Allen,  my  long 
lost,  vainly  sought,  dearly  loved  child,  embrace 
your  mother,  for  the  voice  of  nature  in  my  heart 
assures  me  that  in  that  sacred  relationship  do  I 
stand  to  you  !  "  The  town  was  thrown  into  a  state 
of  delight  and  enthusiasm ;  the  soubriquet  of  Ann 
Hindershot  being  now  no  longer  recognized,  the 
names  of  Susan  Allen  and  her  mother  were  only 
heard  from  the  lips  of  the  admiring  throng ;  the 
hospitality  of  the  town  was  tendered  to  them  so 
abundantly,  and  Susan  Allen  so  feasted  on  its  good 
things,  that,  like  Grettel  in  the  German  story,  she 
would  frequently  say,  "  who  am  I ;  am  I  Grettel 
or  am  I  not  ?  "  The  contrast  was  so  great  between 
the  scant  fare  at  Barnes's  and  the  rich  viands  by 
which  she  was  now  tempted,  that  Miss  Allen  got  to 


264      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

thinking  that  extremes  were  bad,  and  that  a  medium 
between  the  two  was  best. 

Mrs.  Allen  and  her  daughter  left  Lynchburg 
early  in  the  winter  of  1830,  in  the  house-boat  which 
was  to  explore  the  river  previously  to  laying  off  the 
James  River  and  Kanawha  Canal.  This  boat  was 
accompanied  as  far  as  Smith's  well  by  the  mayor 
and  a  band  of  music,  and  after  giving  three  cheers 
for  Mrs.  and  Miss  Allen,  and  three  more  for  our 
good  town,  the  civil  functionaries  and  the  band  of 
music  returned.  The  public  conveyances  through- 
out the  State  were  requested  to  make  no  charge  for 
Mrs.  Allen  and  her  daughter,  so  that  their  journey 
through  Virginia  was  one  great  ovation,  and  Mrs. 
Allen,  on  regaining  the  Empire  State,  found  her- 
self with  a  daughter  and  a  purse  well  filled  with 
money.  But  living  in  New  York  was  decidedly 
more  expensive  than  a  residence  in  Lynchburg,  and 
the  lady  soon  found  that  the  subscriptions  raised  in 
that  town  were  not  inexhaustible. 

The  novelty  of  the  case  having  worn  off,  fresh 
supplies  could  not  be  obtained  from  the  City  of 
Hills,  so  that  the  scales  fell  from  the  mental  vision 
of  Mrs.  Allen,  and  not  Cinderella,  escaping  from 
the  ball,  was  more  suddenly  transformed,  than  was 
this  poor  indented  servant ;  and  now,  instead  of  the 
long  lost,  vainly  sought  daughter,  Mrs.  Allen  saw 
only  before  her  plain  "Ann  Hindershot,"  in  almost 
as  great  need  as  when  rescued  from  the  hands  of 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  265 

Barnes  and  his  wife.  The  poor  child  was  then  sent 
to  Buffalo,  and  her  subsequent  fate  is  not  known, 
though  it  is  to  be  hoped  that  the  kindness  of  her 
real  parents  made  her  some  amends  for  the  trials 
and  sufferings  of  her  childhood. 


The  house  at  present  occupied  bj  Wm.  Saunders, 
Esq.,  was  the  residence,  in  1819,  of  Mr.  and  Mrs. 
James  Bullock;  then  it  was  the  residence  of  Micajah 
Lynch  and  his  young  wife,  Anne  Moorman.  It  was 
afterwards  the  residence  of  John  Smith,  Esq.,  and 
his  lovely  wife  Martha,  the  eldest  daughter  of  John 
Bullock,  Esq.  Just  opposite  to  Dr.  Early's  present 
residence,  was  the  dwelling  of  H.  M.  Didlake,  Esq., 
a  most  excellent  and  highly  prized  citizen,  whose 
wife  was  one  of  the  most  estimable  ladies  in  Lynch- 
burg. Just  up  the  cross  street  lived  Mr.  Newhall, 
one  of  Lynchburg's  earliest  settlers,  a  native  of 
Lynn,  Massachusetts.  This  worthy  man  kept  for 
many  years  a  shoe-store,  and  we  well  remember  the 
intense  admiration  with  which  his  sign  was  contem- 
plated— a  man  as  large  as  life  having  his  boots 
pulled  off  by  a  colored  boy;  and  the  feelings  of 
approval  at  this  picture  were  only  second  in  de- 
gree to  those  experienced  on  viewing  the  sign  of  the 
good  Mr.  John  Thurman's  saddlery,  which  then,  as 
23 


266      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

now,  was  a  small,  inane  looking  horse,  standing  on 
his  hind  feet. 

Mr.  Newhall  was  an  excellent  citizen,  and  for 
years  he  filled  the  office  of  constable  of  Lynchburg. 
He  was  fond  of  gardening  and  horticulture,  and  to 
him  is  the  upper  country  indebted  for  the  introduc- 
tion of  the  large  Scotch  gooseberry.  His  lovely 
daughter  Antoinette  became  the  wife  of  Mr.  Sub- 
lett,  of  Richmond,  where,  a  few  years  since,  she 
died.  His  son,  Mr.  Mortimer  Newhall,  is  a  worthy 
successor  to  his  father  in  his  shoe  establishment. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  267 


THE    MURREL    FAMILY. 

The  family  of  Murrel  came  from  Mount  Holly, 
New  Jersey — a  good  old  town,  endeared  to  many  in 
our  State  who  trace  their  descent  from  some  of  its 
inhabitants.  Many  years  since,  emigrating  to 
Virginia,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Murrel  made  their  home 
in  the  town  of  Lynchburg,  where,  for  a  long  time, 
they  occupied  a  place  as  useful  and  prominent  citi- 
zens. Mrs.  Murrel  was  a  lady  of  great  energy  and 
industry ;  and,  doubtless,  the  success  of  her  sons 
in  life,  was  in  a  great  measure  owing  to  her  wise 
and  prudent  counsels. 

John  and  Hardin  Murrel  were,  for  many 
years,  the  able  and  efficient  postmasters  of  Lynch- 
burg, administering  its  affairs  with  an  energy 
and  diligence  in  the  United  States  unsurpassed. 
The  new  post-office,  of  Lynchburg,  though  of  far 
nobler  proportions,  yet  fails  to  impress  the  beholder, 
as  did  the  old  one,  with  the  extent  of  Uncle  Sam's 
power.  The  latter,  situated  on  a  retired  cross- 
street,  the  mail  was  there  received  and  the  doors 
closed,  a  very  small  aperture  then  being  the  only 


268  SKETCHES    AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

means  of  communication,  letters  being  given  out 
thence,  seemingly,  by  an  invisible  hand. 

What  words  of  weal  and  woe,  of  love,  of  disap- 
pointed ambition,  of  blighted  hopes,  would  come 
forth  from  this  place,  whilst  the  quiet  officers  within 
were  noiselessly  performing  their  duties,  and  thus 
distributing  joy  and  sorrow,  ruin  and  success,  to 
those  without  !  What  a  moral  in  this  scene  !  Those 
poor  frail  mortals  outside,  on  whom  a  few  lines 
could  produce  all  the  gradation  of  feeling,  from  the 
most  ecstatic  to  the  most  agonizing. 

When  not  engaged  in  the  duties  of  the  post-office, 
John  Murrel  was  occupied  as  a  merchant  in  the 
front  part  of  the  establishment ;  and,  by  a  long 
course  of  patient  diligence,  accumulating  an  im- 
mense fortune,  he  did  not,  like  the  generality  of 
millionaires,  wait  till  his  death  to  benefit  his  rela- 
tions ;  but,  settling  handsomely  his  aged  parents, 
providing  for  his  sister  and  other  relations,  he  had 
the  satisfaction  during  his  lifetime  of  seeing  comfort 
and  affluence  abound  through  his  instrumentality. 

Of  this  family,  several  survive.  Mrs.  Claytor, 
a  daughter  of  Mrs.  Murrel,  being  a  resident  of 
Lynchburg ;  and  Mrs.  G.  W.  Turner*  is  also  one 

*  Since  penning  the  above,  this  lady  has  had  to  mourn  the 
untimely  death  of  her  son,  Maurice  G.  Turner,  a  young 
man  of  most  exemplary  character,  and  greatly  beloved  and 
deeply  lamented  by  all  "who  knew  him. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  2G9 

of  this  family,  being  a  niece  of  Mr.  Murrcl,  and 
having  come  to  Lynchburg  to  reside  whilst  in  early 
childhood.  A  few  years  since,  Mrs.  Murrel,  of 
Mount  Holly,  mother  of  Mrs.  Turner,  dying  in 
Lynchburg,  her  remains  were  interred  at  the 
Presbyterian  graveyard,  where  a  most  appro- 
priate tombstone  or  tablet  is  placed  over  her, 
headed  with  this  simple  inscription :  "  To  our 
Mother  !" — an  inscription  so  touching,  and  more 
impressive  from  its  very  simplicity,  than  the  monu- 
ment and  inscription  over  the  tomb  of  Madame 
Langhans,  at  Berne,  Switzerland. 


270  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 


SAMPSON    DIUGUID. 

Sampson  Diuguid  was  a  native  of  Appomattox 
county,  from  which,  many  years  since,  he  removed, 
making  his  home  in  Lynchburg,  where,  till  the  time 
of  his  death,  he  resided,  an  honored  and  beloved 
citizen.  Whilst  John  and  Hardin  Murrel  were 
diligently  employed  on  one  side  of  the  street,  dis- 
pensing from  the  post-office  good  and  ill,  Sampson 
Diuguid,  on  the  other  side,  was  equally  occupied  in 
another  department  of  life  and  death.  Combining 
the  occupation  of  cabinet-maker  and  undertaker, 
he  industriously  pursued  his  avocations  for  the 
benefit  of  the  living  and  the  dead  ;  and  his  services 
to  the  former,  will  long  remain  visible  throughout 
the  whole  section  of  country  around  Lynchburg,  in 
that  beautiful,  durable  furniture,  by  him  manufac- 
tured, differing  so  widely  from  those  slight  showy 
articles  procured  from  the  Northern  cities. 

Whilst  visible  to  the  passers-by  at  his  occupation, 
slowly  and  surely  would  the  last  solemn  messenger, 
Death,  render  it  often  necessary  for  the  services  of 
Sampson  Diuguid  to  be  called  in  requisition  for  the 
departed.     His  office  of  undertaker,  so  frequently 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  271 

placing  him  amid  scenes  of  distress,  it  might  natu- 
rally have  been  supposed  that  even  a  very  tender 
heart  would  become  habituated  to  such  things.  Yet 
often  has  the  fine  manly  face  of  Sampson  Diuguid 
been  seen  suffused  with  tears  on  funeral  occasions, 
and  frequently  at  the  grave  he  has  with  difficulty 
been  able  to  command  his  feelings.  How  different 
from  men  of  this  occupation  described  by  Dickens. 
Witness  the  hard,  obdurate  heart  of  Sowerberry, 
and  the  easy,  careless  levity  of  Oram  and  Joram. 

Sampson  Diuguid' s  upright,  useful  life  was  closed 
during  the  winter  of  1856,  and  this  brief  notice 
cannot  be  more  appropriately  closed  than  by  a  few 
words  treasured  up  in  memory  from  the  editorial  of 
the  Lynchburg  Virginian,  announcing  his  death — 
"  And,  after  having  consigned  many  thousand  to 
the  narrow  chambers  of  death,  he  was  himself  borne 
to  the  county  of  Appomattox,  there  to  repose  be- 
neath the  clods  of  the  valley!" 


A  few  doors  below  the  establishment  of  Sampson 
Diuguid  was  the  quiet  bachelor  abode  of  Irish  John 
Robertson,  with  its  gable  end  fronting  the  Main 
street;  and  where  now  stands  the  elegant  estab- 
ment  of  John  G.  Meen,  Esq.,  was  a  small  wooden 
building  kept  by  that  gentleman,  but  giving,  even  in 
those  days,  a  promise  of  the  beauty  and  elegance 
for  which  his  store  is  now  so  remarkable.     Just  op- 


272      SKETCHES  AND  KECOLLECTIONS 

posite  stood  "Upper  Kyle's;"  and  the  house  on  the 
same  side,  divided  by  a  cross-street,  was  called 
"Lower  Kyle's" — for  at  that  period  these  well 
known  Irish  merchants  were  in  the  zenith  of  their 
prosperity.  A  number  of  excellent  residents  lived 
below,  on  either  side — the  Truslows,  Valentines  and 
other  members  of  the  Methodist  Church. 

The  family  of  Todd  occupied  at  one  time  a 
dwelling  opposite  to  the  Banks.  Mr.  Todd  was  of 
a  good  family,  well  known  near  the  regions  of 
tide  water;  and  Mrs.  Todd  was  a  lady  of  great 
amiability  and  refinement.  Having  been  placed  in 
pecuniary  difficulties,  this  lady,  with  the  heart  of  a 
true  woman,  exerted  all  her  powers  to  aid  in  main- 
taining a  large  family,  performing  most  cheerfully 
her  arduous  duties,  providing  for  the  education  of 
her  daughters,  and  all  this  time  occupying  a  high 
place  in  the  esteem  of  all  with  whom  she  was  asso- 
ciated. 

Mrs.  Todd  was  a  sister  of  those  eminent  mer- 
chants, the  Messrs.  Dick  of  New  Orleans  ;  and,  as 
soon  as  their  fortune  was  reared,*  they  acted  with 
a  nobility  and  generosity  worthy  the  imitation  of 
all  brothers.  They  sent  for  their  sister  and  her 
family,  settling  them  in  one  of  the  Western  States, 
in  circumstances  of  ease  tand  comfort. 

The  large  brick  house  just  opposite  the  establish- 

*  This  circumstance  was  said  to  be  as  stated  above. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  273 

ment  of  Strother  &  Whitehead,  was  the  residence 
of  the  venerable  William  Davis,  a  member  of 
the  Friends'  Society,  and  occupying  one  of  the 
highest  stations  in  Lynchburg ;  for  he  was  by  all 
sects  greatly  reverenced.  The  building  called 
"Friends'  Warehouse,"  was  built  by  him,  and  was 
under  his  peculiar  jurisdiction. 

Of  the  members  of  this  excellent  family,  survive 
Henry  Davis,  Esq.,  Mrs.  Peter  Dudley,  and  the 
Misses  Davis,  of  Lynchburg ;  all  of  these  ladies 
are  well  known,  and  distinguished  by  minds  of  fine 
order,  highly  cultivated,  and,  in  an  eminent  degree, 
possessing  all  those  virtues  of  integrity,  sincerity 
and  truthfulness,  for  which  their  honored  parents 
were  so  remarkable. 


Mrs.  Constance  Boudar  was  a  native  of  France, 
and  was  at  one  time  a  resident  of  the  city  of  Paris  ; 
but,  removing  to  the  island  of  St.  Domingo,  it  was 
said  that  she  was  there  at  the  time  of  the  insurrec- 
rion,  having  been  for  several  days  concealed  in  a 
large  brick  oven.*  Many  years  since,  Madame 
Boudar  removed  to  Lychburg,  where,  by  the  assist- 
ance of  her  amiable  and  intelligent  young  daughter, 
Mercie  Hyacinth  Boudar,  she  made  a  comfortable 

*  This  was  always  told  and  believed,  but  the  writer  does  not 
vouch  for  the  truth. 


274      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

support  by  the  sale  of  toys  and  confectionary.  She 
was  a  polite,  well-bred  lady,  truly  French  in  ap- 
pearance, with  her  large  hoop  ear-rings  and  her 
handsome   snuff-box. 

An  excellent,  honest-hearted  woman,  well-culti- 
vated in  the  literature  of  her  native  land,  Mrs. 
Boudar  resided  for  many  years  in  our  town,  beloved 
and  respected.  A  zealous  and  enthusiastic  Roman 
Catholic,  Mrs.  Boudar  always,  with  joy,  hailed  the 
rare  pleasure  of  seeing  a  priest  of  her  own  denom- 
ination; for  at  this  period  the  services  of  the 
Roman  Catholic  Church  were  quite  unknown  in 
Lynchburg. 

Miss  Mercie  Boudar,  possessing  considerable 
musical  talents,  aided  her  mother  by  giving  in- 
structions in  that  accomplishment.  In  their  neatly 
kept  parlor  sat  the  piano,  and  the  choice  books 
constituting  their  library,  whilst  the  bed,  like  the 
one  described  in  Goldsmith's   "Deserted  Village," 

" contrived  a  double  debt  to  pay, 


A  bed  by  night — a  chest  of  drawers  by  day !" 

Thus  happily  and  peacefully  lived  this  good 
mother  and  daughter,  their  departure  from  Lynch- 
burg being  a  source  of  real  regret ;  and  long  will 
the  oldest  inhabitants  and  their  children  remember, 
with  satisfaction,  those  good  primitive  times,  when 
this  courteous  French  woman  presided  over  the 
sweet  tastes  of  the  community  of  Lynchburg. 


OF  LYNCIiBURGL  2?5 

In  the  year  1819,  there  lived  a  young  man  not 
far  from  the  establishment  of  Samuel  Thurmon, 
whose  name  was  Parham  Adams.  He  was  a  con^ 
fectioner,  and  at  one  time  resided  on  Bank  Square, 
and  at  another,  his  store  was  a  few  doors  above 
Hollins's  corner.  His  establishment  boasted  a 
very  fine  soda  fountain,  and  being  excessively 
anxious  to  possess  the  best  soda  water  in  Lynch- 
burg, he  had  been  heard  to  say  that  he  would 
continue  to  put  on  gas  till  this  end  was  accomplish- 
ed, even  if  he  should  be  blown  up  along  with  his 
soda  fountain. 

To  use  the  expression  of  Mr.  Dowler  of  the 
Pickwick,  "  This  was  a  rash  vow" — for  one  morn- 
ing, after  he  had  fixed  the  fountain  to  his  satisfac- 
tion, it  was  really  blown  up  with  a  tremendous 
explosion,  carrying  along  with  it  the  unfortunate 
man,  striking  his  head  against  the  ceiling,  and,  in 
his  descent,  actually  with  his  features  indenting  the 
marble.  Medical  aid,  though  instantly  procured, 
of  course  failed  to  re-animate  him,  and  by  strangers' 
hands  was  this  young  man  arrayed  for  burial,  and, 
on  the  following  day,  borne  to  his  grave  by  the 
company  of  soldiers  to  which  he  belonged.  A  neat 
marble  tablet,  in  the  old  graveyard,  marks  the 
place  of  his  interment. 


The  "  Cabell  House"  now  stands  partly  on  the 


276      SKETCHES  AND  KECOLLECTIONS 

site  of  the  shop  and  residence  of  the  late  Mrs. 
Sally  Thurmon;  and,  to  old  inhabitants,  this 
part  of  the  city  looks  unnatural  without  that  hum- 
ble dwelling,  its  gable-end  fronting  the  street — its 
benignant  hostess,  with  smiling  face  and  honest 
countenance,  standing  behind  the  counter,  giving 
away,  in  charity,  nearly  as  much  as  she  disposed  of 
for  money. 

Mrs.  Thurmon  was  a  Miss  Lewellen  before  she 
became  the  wife  of  Richard  Thurmon  ;  and  she  was 
a  most  remarkable  woman,  of  fine,  generous  traits 
of  character,  joined  to  great  magnanimity.  Her 
charities  were  numerous  and  large,  many  poor  per- 
sons being  entirely  supplied  with  food  from  her 
bakery.  Placed  at  one  period  of  her  life  in  great 
poverty  and  difficulties,  she  by  a  course  of  patient 
industry,  energy  and  economy,  not  only  retrieved 
the  affairs  of  her  husband,  but  reared  for  herself  a 
fortune.  Many  of  her  benevolent  acts  might  here 
be  recorded,  but  the  recollection  of  them  is  still 
bright  in  Lynchburg,  where  her  memory  will  long 
be  cherished  with  feelings  most  affectionate. 
"  Uncle  Dick,"  as  her  husband  was  familiarly  called, 
was  a  good-hearted,  well-disposed  old  gentleman, 
whose  greatest  pleasure  consistod  in  shooting  game 
and  squirrels  for  sick  persons ;  and  vividly  to 
memory  does  his  image  now  arise,  with  gun  in 
hand,  on  his  cream-colored  horse,  his  coat  laid 
across  the  neck  of  the  quadruped.     Mrs.  Thurmon 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  277 

died  in  the  winter  of  1840,  her  husband  and  two 
children  surviving  her,  of  whom  Mr.  Samuel  Thur- 
mon  is  now  the  only  remaining  member.  An  ably 
written  sketch  of  Mrs.  Thurmon  appeared  at  the 
time  of  her  death,  the  authorship  being  attributed 
to  Richard  Cralle,  Esq.,  and  this  admirable  piece 
should  have  been  preserved  and  inserted  in  a  per- 
manent form,  amongst  the  annals  of  the  best  and 
worthiest  who  have  departed  this  life  in  the  town 
of  Lynchburg. 


The  Eagle  Tavern,  in  the  vicinity  of  the  market- 
house,  was  kept  by  Charles  Lewellen ;  and  it  was 
there  that  wax-work  shows  and  other  such  exhibi- 
tions were  held  in  this  good  town.  There  were  the 
Quaker  beauty,  the  sleeping  beauty,  the  Virginia 
beauty,  General  Washington,  and  the  ferocious 
Indian  killing  the  white  man,  whilst  music  was 
ground  from  an  excruciating  organ.  Could  we  now 
witness  this  scene,  we  should  look  around  the  room 
for  the  "  genuine  and  only  Jarley"  and  "  George;" 
and,  in  the  back  ground,  the  sweet  pensive  face  of 
dear  little  Nell,  by  the  side  of  her  grandfather. 
Our  fine  market-house,  so  much  admired  by  the 
editors  of  the  Virginian,  occupied  the  place  where 
now  it  stands,  its  fair  preportions  being  adorned 
and  increased  by  a  second  story. 
24 


278  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

The  house  next  below  the  Eagle  Marble  Works, 
was  at  one  time  the  residence  of  Mrs.  Mary  King, 
a  Jewess,  whose  very  lovely  daughter  married  a 
Jewish  gentleman  named  Andrews,*  for  many 
years  a  merchant  of  Lynchburg.  Mrs.  Andrews 
was  extremely  interesting  in  appearance,  and  might 
have  served  as  a  model   for  Rebecca  the  Jewess. 

Just  opposite  was  the  chair  manufactory  of  that 
good,  useful  citizen,  Chesley  Hardy,  whose  faithful 
work,  executed  more  than  thirty  years  since,  will 
far  outlast  chairs  manufactured  in  these  days  of 
Young  America.  A  glimpse  of  him,  a  few  years 
since,  exhibited  so  little  change  in  his  appearance, 
that  we  thought  it  a  pity  that  Rip- Van- Winkle,  on 
waking  from  his  long  sleep,  could  not  have  been  so 
fortunate  as  to  find  a  single  one  of  his  acquaintance 
as  little  altered  by  the  hand  of  time  as  Mr.  Chesley 
Hardy.  A  dim  recollection  exists  of  seeing  exhib- 
ited, ages  ago,  in  that  chair  establishment,  a  pair  of 
lions  and  two  royal  Bengal  tigers;  and,  together 
with  the  noise  of  drums  and  cymbals  in  this  small 
place,  the  roar  of  these  animals  was  terrific. 

The  house  on  the  hill,  just  opposite  the  residence 


*  The  Messrs.  Andrews  removed  to  New  Orleans  :  it  is  said 
one  of  them  was  drowned  in  the  Lake  there,  a  few  years 
since. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  279 

of  Henry  Dunnington,  Esq.,  was  built  by  Chris- 
topher Winfree,  Esq.,  and  was  for  many  years  his 
hospitable,  kind  abode.  In  the  autumn  of  1827 
it  was  taken  by  Hugh  Montgomerie,  Esq.,  who 
lived  there  for  some  years.  This  gentleman  was  a 
native  of  Scotland,  but  early  in  life  emigrated  to 
Virginia.  Possessing  kindly  dispositions  and  most 
brilliant  talents,  he  will  long  be  remembered  by 
friends  who  have  enjoyed  the  pleasure  of  listening 
to  his  conversation,  so  full  of  wit  and  vivacity. 
Mr.  Montgomerie  married,  some  years  since,  Anne, 
the  daughter  of  Thomas  Colquhoun,  of  Petersburg ; 
and  this  lady  is  well  beloved  by  friends  in  this  com- 
munity, surviving  her  husband,  who  died  in  1855. 

Thomas  Colquhoun,  Esq.,  was  for  several  years 
a  resident  of  Lynchburg.  He  was  also  a  native  of 
Scotland;  but,  emigrating  to  this  country,  he  was 
united  in  marriage  to  Miss  Wilhelms :  and  shortly 
after  that  event,  he  went  to  reside  in  the  city  of 
London,  where  he  was  for  many  years  a  prosperous, 
wealthy  merchant.  But  in  about  fourteen  years 
from  that  time,  again  returning  to  Virginia,  he 
made  Petersburg  his  home,  till  about  1827,  when, 
he  came  to  reside  in  Lynchburg.  Mr.  Colquhoun 
was  a  gentleman  of  fine  mind  and  most  excellent 
heart,  and  greatly  endeared  himself  to  many  during 
his  residence  in  Lynchburg,  where  his  manly,  hand- 


280  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

some  appearance,  and  strict  integrity  and  upright- 
ness are  still  most  warmly  remembered  by  the  old 
inhabitants.  He  died  suddenly  in  1831,  and  his 
remains  are  interred  in  Lynchburg.  His  excellent 
and  venerable  widow  survives  him,  with  the  powers 
of  her  mind  undimmed  and  unimpaired  by  time. 


OF   LYNCHBURG*.  281 


REFORMED   METHODIST    CHURCH 

OF  LYNCHBURG. 

About  the  year  1826  or  1827,  a  division  occurred 
in  the  Methodist  Church  of  Lynchburg.  Of  the 
causes  leading  to  this  separation,  it  is  not  here  ne- 
cessary to  write ;  sufficient  is  it  to  remark,  that  no 
doctrinal  points  were  involved  in  it,  and  only  a  (lif- 
erent view  of  some  of  Wesley's  opinions  on  church 
government,  causing  the  division,  they  parted  with 
little  or  ho  unkind  feelings. 

The  Society  worshiped  for  a  time  in  the  old  Ma- 
sonic Hall,*  and  as  soon  as  the  basement  of  their 
own  Church  was  completed,  they  there  held  a  Sab- 
bath school,  and  carried  on  religious  services  several 
times  during  the  week.  The  first  minister  of  this 
denomination  was  a  man  of  gigantic  frame,  the  Rev. 
Mr.  McKane ;  then  for  a  time  the  services  of  the  Rev. 
Mr.  Jennings  were  procured.  He  was  a  son  of  Dr. 
Samuel  K.  Jennings,  already  mentioned,  an  emi- 
nent physician  and  exemplary  minister  of  the  Gos- 
pel,  and    one    of    the    most    worthy    and    efficient 


*  If  memory  is  right. 


282      SKETCHES  AND  EECOLLECTIONS 

preachers,  who  formerly  belonged  to  the  Society 
worshiping  in  the  old  Methodist  Church  of  Lynch- 
burg. Then  for  a  time  the  Rev.  Mr.  Latimer  was 
their  esteemed  minister :  but  their  great  stronghold 
and  most  able  minister,  was  the  Rev.  William  J. 
Holcombe.  He  was  a  son  of  the  venerable  Phile- 
mon Holcombe,  of  Prince  Edward,  and  a  younger 
brother  of  our  beloved  townsman,  Captain  Thomas 
Holcombe.  Graduating  at  an  early  age  in  medi- 
cine, Dr.  Holcombe  settled  in  Lynchburg,  where  he 
became  the  husband  of  Miss  Clopton,  one  of  the 
loveliest  girls  reared  in  the  town.  A  few  years 
after  his  marriage,  becoming  deeply  impressed  on 
the  subject  of  religion,  he  earnestly  sought  and 
found  that  pearl  of  great  price,  and  studying  for 
the  ministry,  he  made  such  rapid  progress  that  he 
was  in  a  short  time  ordained  as  a  minister  of  the 
Methodist  denomination  ;  continuing  since  that  time 
to  adorn  that  sacred  office,  carrying  into  his  reli- 
gious profession  all  that  fervid  zeal  and  all  those 
ardent  feelings  so  characteristic  of  the  Holcombe 
family,  and  which  are  the  true  sources  of  eloquent 
preaching. 

As  a  practitioner  of  medicine,  Dr.  Holcombe's 
reputation  is  well  known  and  widely  spread ;  and 
after  having  followed  for  many  years  his  profession, 
gaining  the  entire  confidence  of  the  community, 
Dr.  Holcombe,  with  the  humility  of  a  great  mind, 
went   on    for    a    season   to    Philadelphia,   attend- 


OP   LYNCHBURG.  283 

ing  again  the  medical  lectures,  and  thereby  per- 
fecting himself  in  the  knowledge  of  his  profession. 
Combining  the  sacred  calling  of  a  minister  of  Christ 
with  that  of  a  physician,  he,  like  the  venerated  Dr. 
Samuel  K.  Jennings,  has  often  had  it  in  his  power, 
whilst  administering  to  the  suffering  frame,  to  lead, 
guide  and  direct  the  sick  man  to  the  Great  Physi- 
cian and  Saviour  of  souls.  About  nineteen  years 
since,  emigrating  to  Indiana,  Dr.  Holcombe  there 
made  a  home,  from  which  emanated  the  bright 
Christian  example  of  himself  and  wife,  who  ensured 
to  themselves  the  respect  and  affection  of  the  com- 
munity in  which  they  lived.  But  the  climate  of 
Indiana,  ill  suiting  the  feeble,  delicate  temperament 
of  Mrs.  Holcombe,  they  have  since  returned  to  Vir- 
ginia, choosing  for  their  home  a  farm  in  the  vicinity 
of  Lynchburg.  Shortly  before  settling  at  his  pre- 
sent residence,  and  whilst  making  arrangements  to 
do  so,  he  preached  in  Lynchburg  to  a  large  congre- 
gation of  his  own  denomination,  together  with  many 
belonging  to  other  churches  ;  and  this  discourse,  for 
simple,  touching  eloquence,  mingled  with  real  feel- 
ing, was  said  never  to  have  been  surpassed  in  Lynch- 
burg. The  moving  allusions  to  the  past,  connected 
with  many  whose  seats  wTere  vacant,  and  their  places 
no  longer  known — all  these,  united  to  the  pathos  of 
the  discourse  and  the  spirituality  of  the  sermon, 
drew  tears  from  the  eyes  of  the  sternest.  Several 
of  the  sons  of  Dr.  Holcombe  are  residents  of  Vir- 


284  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

ginia,  and  amongst  them  Professor  James  P.  Hol- 
combe  of  the  University  of  Virginia. 

Of  the  many  valuable  members  of  the  Reformed 
Methodist  Church,  only  a  few  names  will  here  be 
recorded.  Christopher  Winfree,  for  many  years 
a  devout  member  of  the  old  Methodist  Church,  went 
over  to  the  Radical  Church  at  the  time  of  the  sepa- 
ration. He  is  a  native  of  Chesterfield  county,  and 
a  gentleman  of  great  private  worth,  and  as  a  friend 
and  neighbor,  unrivalled  for  excellence.  In  early 
life  he  married  Mary,  a  daughter  of  Major  William 
Warwick,  of  Amherst,  and  a  very  lovely  woman  was 
Mrs.  Winfree ;  but  surviving  only  a  few  years  her 
marriage,  Mr.  Winfree  was,  whilst  a  young  man, 
left  a  widower  with  four  small  children.  In  a  few 
years  he  again  married,  choosing  for  his  wife  Cor- 
nelia M.  Tilden,  a  very  beautiful  girl,  the  daughter 
of  Dr.  Tilden  of  Winchester.  This  lady  was  all 
that  a  Christian  wife  and  mother  should  be,  steering 
wisely  her  course  in  the  narrow  and  difficult  path  of 
step-mother,  avoiding  all  those  shoals  on  which  so 
many  have  been  wrecked. 

Adorning  the  doctrines  of  God  her  Saviour,  and 
over  her  household  presiding  with  a  sway  wise,  mild 
and  gentle,  Mrs.  Cornelia  Winfree  passed  a  life 
most  blameless  in  Lynchburg,  where  her  memory 
will  long  be  tenderly  cherished ;  nor  will  those  who 
there  knew  and  loved  her,  ever  forget  her,  though 
they   are   now  removed   from   their   native   place. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  285 

This  excellent  lady  died  about  the  year  1837,  leav- 
ing a  numerous  family,  all  of  whom  survive  her, 
with  the  exception  of  Robert  Nelson,  her  youngest, 
whose  early  piety  and  beautiful  death  are  assurances 
that  he  has  in  the  spirit-land  joined  his  mother. 

John  Victor  was  a  member  of  the  same  Church, 
and  was  a  connection  of  the  Winfree  family,  having 
married  Mary,  the  oldest  daughter  of  Dr.  Tilden. 
Mr.  Victor  was  a  native  of  Fredericksburg ;  but  re- 
moving with  his  parents  to  Lynchburg  when  very 
young,  he  was  for  many  years  the  principal  jeweller 
and  silversmith  of  the  upper  country ;  and  an  old- 
fashioned  spoon,  marked  "  Williams  and  Victor," 
forcibly  recalls  the  period  when,  with  wonder  and 
admiration,  the  windows  and  show-cases  of  this  es- 
tablishment were  contemplated ;  bringing  to  mind 
also  the  time  when,  with  his  sweet,  excellent  wife 
by  his  side,  he  might  be  seen  entering  the  house  of 
God.  When  there,  his  zeal  in  the  services  of  the 
sanctuary,  and  his  mild,  holy  countenance,  showed 
that  his  thoughts  were  far  withdrawn  from  worldly 
concerns,  and  centred  wholly  in  contemplation  of 
heavenly  things.  Mr.  Victor  died  many  years 
since,  leaving  a  widow  and  children  who  reside  in 
Lynchburg. 

Edward  William  Victor,  the  second  son,  was 
a  young  man  of  fine  personal  appearance,  and  of 
great  promise.  In  early  manhood  he  had  been 
united  in  marriage  to   Margaret,  the  daughter  of 


286  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

Mrs.  Cole,*  of  Lynchburg,  and  a  touching  incident 
is  connected  with  the  death  of  this  young  couple. 
Fearing  that  he  was  threatened  with  pulmonary  dis- 
ease, Edward  William  accompanied  to  the  South  a 
kind  friend,  hoping  that  a  short  residence  in  a 
warmer  climate  would  arrest  the  disease,  and  restore 
in  full  health,  to  a  young  family,  the  husband  and  fa- 
ther. But  a  sudden  and  fatal  change  occurring  in  his 
disease,  he  was  hurried  into  eternity,  whilst  to  his 
friend  remained  the  painful  task  of  informing  his 
wife  and  family  of  this  mournful  event.  A  few 
days  previous  to  the  arrival  of  the  letter  in  Lynch- 
burg, Margaret  Victor  died  unexpectedly,  and  thus 
was  she  spared  this  great  sorrow.  Can  we  imagine 
anything  more  blissful  than  their  joyful  re-union  in 
Heaven,  free  from  the  pains  and  sorrows  of  mor- 
tality, without  having  even  suffered  the  pangs  of 
parting,  and  each  till  that  moment  ignorant  of  the 
death  of  the  other  ! 

Mr.  William  Burd  and  his  good  wife  were  na- 
tives of  Ireland,  but  early  in  their  married  life  emi- 
grating to  America,  they  became  residents  of  Lynch- 
burg, where  they  so  ensured  the  love  and  respect  of 
all  with  them  associated,  that  they  will  long,  with 
pleasure,  be  remembered  in  the  city.  Mr.  Burd 
was  a  gentleman  of  most  gentle,  honest  and  amiable 
feelings,  practising,  with  great  zeal  and  energy,  his 

*The  daughter  of  Mrs.  Wallace,  who  afterwards  married 
Rev.  Mr.  Cole. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  287 

profession,  which  was  that  of  an  extensive  tin  man- 
ufacturer— and  with  what  honesty  and  faithfulness, 
it  may  well  be  computed,  when  it  is  told  that  arti- 
cles manufactured  at  their  establishment  more  than 
a  quarter  of  a  century  since,  are  even  now  far 
superior  to  those  purchased  only  a  few  months  since 
from  our  present  manufactories.  They  were  zealous 
members  of  the  Methodist  Church,  to  which  denomi- 
nation a  large  family  of  daughters  were  attached. 
Evelina  Burd,  the  eldest  daughter,  a  very  lovely 
girl,  was,  at  the  age  of  fifteen,  married  to  Richard 
Swift  Tilden,  Esq.  This  lady  was  greatly  beloved 
in  Lynchburg,  and,  on  her  removal  to  St.  Louis,  she 
left  a  name  eminent  for  domestic  virtues,  energy  and 
industry.  In  her  new  home  she  rapidly  made  friends, 
and  occupying  a  prominent  position  in  society,  her 
tranquil  disposition  and  well-ordered  mind  exercised 
a  great  influence  over  the  affectionate  little  band  of 
Lynchburgers  then  resident  in  St.  Louis.  The  health 
of  Mrs.  Tilden  becoming  impaired,  she  sought  for  a 
time  a  more  northern  climate,  procuring  the  advice 
of  the  eminent  medical  men  of  Philadelphia.  Re- 
turning home,  her  friends  believed  her  restoration  to 
health  complete ;  but,  late  in  the  year  1839,  these 
hopes  were  blighted,  and  the  beloved  invalid  calmly 
sunk  to  rest,  whilst  sorrowing  ones  stood  around  her 
bed  of  death,  hymning  for  her  those  sacred  words 
to  which  she  had  so  loved  to  listen,  as  she  sat  within 
the  sacred  walls  of  the  old  Methodist  Church  in  the 
home  of  her  early  youth. 


288      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

One  of  the  three  daughters  survives  their  excel- 
lent mother.  Mrs.  Mary  Jane  Robbins,  wife  of  Z.  C. 
Bobbins,  Esq.,  is  at  present  a  resident  of  "Washing- 
ton city,  D.  C,  and  though  only  a  child  when  her 
parents  left  Lynchburg,  Mrs.  Robbins  is  most  affec- 
tionately remembered  in  that  place  and  its  vicinity, 
by  classmates  as  well  as  by  those  some  years  her 
senior. 

Amanda  Burd,  the  second  daughter,  marrif 
Mr.  Patterson,  a  native  of  Ireland,  and  in  a  briei 
time  this  gentleman  died  in  Lynchburg.  About  the 
year  1827,  a  young  man  by  the  name  of  Shelton 
settled  in  Lynchburg.  He  possessed  a  fine  appear- 
ance, good  sense,  and  habits  of  great  application  to 
business,  so  that  he  soon  became  very  prosperous. 
This  young  man  was  a  native  of  the  lower  country, 
and  connected  with  the  Shelton  family  of  Hanover, 
one  of  whose  members  was  the  first  wife  of  Patrick 
Henry.  In  the  month  of  December,  1827,  Ann 
Burd,  the  third  daughter,  was  united  in  marriage 
to  Mr.  Shelton,  the  wedding  taking  place  on  the  same 
night  of  that  of  Eliza  Daniel  and  William  Lewis  Ca- 
bell, the  carriages  to  the  different  places  of  festivity 
meeting  and  intersecting  each  other  constantly.  In 
after  years,  emigrating  to  St.  Louis  with  her  hus- 
band and  father's  family,  Mrs.  Shelton,  for  a  length 
of  time  after  the  death  of  that  young  wife  and  hus- 
band, rejoiced  in  the  sacred  ties  of  wife  and  mother, 
but  about  twenty  years  since  she  died  in  St.  Louis, 
her  husband  and  family  surviving  her. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  289 


FORTUNATUS    SYDNOR. 

There  are  few  of  the  old  inhabitants  of  Lynch- 
burg, who  can  ever  forget  Fortunatus  Sydnor — his 
fine,  manly  form  ;  his  bright,  intelligent  face  ;  his 
ready  wit,  so  tempered  with  good  humor  ;  his  cheer- 
ful hilarity ;  his  genuine,  old  Virginia  hospitality. 
For  many  years  cashier  of  the  Virginia  Bank,  his 
playful  wit  lightening  his  own  labors,  as  well  as 
those  of  others ;  and  long  will  that  side-walk  appear 
as  though  it  were  still  gladdened  by  the  genial  pre- 
sence of  this  excellent  man  ;  for  that  locality  is  in- 
separably joined  with  pleasing  memories  of  the 
past,  to  which  Mr.  Sydnor  is  closely  linked. 

United  in  marriage  to  Lizzie  Royall,  a  lady  of 
great  worth  and  loveliness,  the  measure  of  his  hap- 
piness would  have  been  complete,  but  for  the  con- 
stant feeble  health  of  that  ladv.  The  death  of  his 
noble-hearted  son,  Royal  Sydnor,  just  as  he  had  at- 
tained manhood,  the  loss  of  his  second  son,  followed 
by  that  of  several  infant  children — all  these  teach- 
ings of  mortality  were  sent  to  this  family  in  the 
brief  space  of  a  few  years.  With  fortitude  Mr. 
25 


290      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

Syclnor  bore  these  afflictions,  raising  the  drooping 
spirits  of  his  wife,  for  whom  was  ever  dreaded  a 
fatal  attack  of  pulmonary  disease.  But,  alas !  for 
the  uncertainty  of  human  life  !  the  strong  man  was 
cut  down  in  the  prime  of  life,  in  the  year  1840, 
whilst  the  feeble  wife  was  left  alone  to  combat  the 
troubles  of  earth. 

Mrs.  Sydnor  possessed  a  deep,  fervid,  vital 
piety,  and  the  knowledge  that  she  was,  at  any  mo- 
ment, liable  to  enter  eternity,  had  been  present  to 
her  for  many  years,  causing  her  "  conversation  to 
be  in  Heaven  ;"  so  that  a  few  years  since,  when  the 
summons  came,  she  arose  with  willing  feet  and 
"went  forth  to  meet  the  Bridegroom."  A  devoted 
member  of  the  Presbyterian  Church,  Mrs.  Sydnor's 
Christian  demeanor  was  such,  that  all  who  saw  her 
"  could  also  take  knowledge  of  her  that  she  had 
been  with  Jesus." 

"  Calm  on  the  bosom  of  thy  God, 
Fair  spirit,  rest  thee  now, 
E'en  while  with  us  thy  footsteps  trod, 
His  soul  was  on  thy  brow. 

Dust  to  its  narrow  house  beneath, 

Soul  to  its  place  on  high, 
They  that  have  seen  thy  look  in  death, 

No  more  may  fear  to  die." 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  291 


THE    BYRD   FAMILY. 

DAVIDSON  BRADFUTE. 

Mrs.  Ann  Ursula  Byrd  was  the  wife  of  Wil- 
liam Byrd,  Esq.,  of  Westover,  a  son  of  the  gallant 
Colonel  Byrd  of  the  olden  time.  Her  maiden  name 
was  Munford,  and  after  the  death  of  Mr.  Byrd,  she 
came  to  Lynchburg  to  reside  with  her  married 
daughters,  Mrs.  Bradfute  and  Mrs.  Alexander 
Tompkins.  Of  a  family  of  five  daughters,  Mrs. 
Ann  0.  Wright,  of  Lynchburg,  is  the  sole  surviving 
member. 

Davidson  Bradfute,  Esq.,  was  a  native  of  Bed- 
ford county,  and  from  the  name,  it  may  be  inferred 
that  the  family  of  Bradfute  are  of  Scottish  descent. 
Few  men  in  Lynchburg  occupied,  in  the  regard  of 
friends,  a  higher  station  than  Mr.  Bradfute,  and 
justly  did  he  command  the  respect  and  affection  of 
a  large  circle  with  him  associated.  Upright,  kind, 
and  industrious,  the  many  virtues  of  Davidson  Brad- 
fute shed  over  his  family  and  connections  a  lustre, 
and  his  death,  occurring  in  1829,  was  a  heavy 
calamity. 


292  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

Mr.  Bradfute  married  Maria,  the  daughter  of 
Mrs.  Byrd,  and  for  many  years  they  resided  in  the 
house  at  present  occupied  by  Alexander  Tompkins, 
Esq.,  their  abode  being  the  scene  of  the  most  con- 
stant, generous  hospitality.  The  remembrance  of 
this  family  is  much  cherished  in  Lynchburg,  particu- 
larly on  account  of  the  extraordinary  beauty  of 
its  seven  daughters.  In  the  year  1854  Mrs.  Brad- 
fute died,  having  followed  to  the  tomb  many  of  her 
lovely  daughters. 

With  what  love  and  tenderness  is  the  memory  of 
Evelyn  Carter  Bradfute  regarded  by  friends 
and  associates  in  her  native  place.  She  was  born 
in  the  month  of  June,  1814,  and  in  early  childhood 
gave  promise  of  the  great  loveliness  of  her  more 
mature  years.  She  was,  indeed,  perfectly  beauti- 
ful— the  mild,  bright  intelligence  of  those  exquisite 
dark  eyes  being  the  index  of  a  heart  and  soul  most 
amiable,  generous  and  self-sacrificing.  After  re- 
ceiving the  meed  of  admiration  from  many  suitors, 
she  was,  in  the  autumn  of  1833,  united  in  mar- 
riage to  Alfred  Penn,  Esq.,  of  New  Orleans ;  but 
ere  a  few  years  had  flown  by,  in  her  early  bloom 
she  had  passed  away,  her  resting-place  far  from 
friends  and  home  ;  yet,  in  some  faithful,  loving 
hearts,  is  deeply  cloistered  a  most  affectionate  re- 
membrance of  this  lovely  woman,  and  the  sweet, 
gentle  influences  of  her  character  will  ever  continue 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  293 

to  act  on  those  who  were  with  her  associated. 
During  the  winter  of  1842,  she  breathed  her  last 
in  the  city  of  New  Orleans,  in  the  27th  year  of  her 
age,  and  her  loved  remains  repose  in  the  cemetery 
near  the  city,  where  a  touching  and  appropriate  in- 
scription on  her  tomb  tenderly  recalls  to  passers-by 
the  sweet  time  of  her  girlhood  in  her  native  place. 
To  this  sacred  spot  do  Virginians  oft  resort,  and 
pensively  bend  over  the  grave  which  contains  the 
"  early  called,"  the  dearly  loved  friend  of  long  ago, 
Evelyn  Carter  Penn. 

"  A  star  has  left  the  kindling  sky, 
A  lovely  northern  light, 
How  many  planets  are  on  high, 
But  that  has  left  the  night. 

I  miss  its  bright  familiar  face, 

It  was  a  fi-iend  to  me, 
Associate  with  my  native  place, 

And  home  beyond  the  sea." 


The  dwelling  over  the  druggist  establishment  of 
Robinson  Stabler  was  for  some  years  the  residence 
of  Thomas  McKinney,  Esq.,  an  excellent  citizen, 
who,  with  his  amiable  wife  and  family,  were  highly 
esteemed  in  Lynchburg.  Mrs.  McKinney  was  a 
daughter  of  the  good  and  venerable  Mrs.  Dupuy,  of 
Richmond,  and  soon  after  her  marriage,  connecting 


294  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

herself  with  the  Episcopal  Church  of  Lynchburg, 
she  continued,  till  the  day  of  her  death,  a  most 
valued,  beloved  member  and  communicant. 

With  this  family,  in  the  year  1828,  came  to  re- 
side Martha  Louisa  McKinney,  only  daughter  of 
William  McKinney,  Esq.  She  was  a  niece  of  both 
Mr.  and  Mrs.  McKinney,  as  her  father  had  also 
married  a  Miss  Dupuy,  who,  dying  early,  had  left 
three  children,  of  whom  Peter  D.  McKinney,  Esq., 
Richmond,  is  now  the  only  survivor. 

Martha  L.  McKinney  was  one  of  the  most  amia- 
ble girls  that  ever  resided  in  Lynchburg ;  generous, 
warm-hearted  and  affectionate ;  gifted  with  a  fine, 
vigorous  mind  and  playful  fancy,  united  to  great 
simplicity  of  character  and  perfect  naivete  of  man- 
ners, it  is  no  wonder  that  Martha  McKinney  should 
have  occupied  a  high  place  in  the  hearts  of  a  large 
circle  of  friends.  In  the  spring  of  1831  she  was 
married  to  David  Bridges,  Esq.,  now  of  New  Or- 
leans ;  and  this  wedding  was  remarkable  for  the  age 
of  this  youthful  pair,  who  then  pronounced  their 
vows.  The  bridegroom  was  not  twenty  years  old, 
and  the  bride  just  seventeen.  Mrs.  Bridges  passed 
through  various  alternations  of  fortune,  but  whether 
in  prosperity  or  adversity,  she  was  the  same  loving, 
disinterested  friend.  Full  of  life,  the  dark  clouds 
of  adversity  could  only,  for  a  brief  period,  over- 
shadow the  delightful  sunshine  of  her  disposition. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  295 

Removing  to  Richmond  soon  after  her  marriage, 
her  shining  qualities  soon  reared  around  her  a  nu- 
merous circle  of  friends,  who  dearly  love  now  to 
speak  of  her  with  affection  and  admiration.  A 
great  misfortune  visited  her  family,  at  the  time  of 
her  death,  which  occurred  in  the  spring  of  1844. 
Her  death,  as  her  life,  was  most  beautiful,  her  gen- 
tle, lovely  traits  being  conspicuous  even  in  that 
solemn  hour.  Her  husband  survives  her,  together 
with  five  children,  Mrs.  Roy  and  Miss  M.  Bridges, 
of  Richmond,  William  Bridges,  of  New  Orleans, 
and  two  younger  sons  residing  in  the  city  of  Rich- 
mond. 

Fair  with  my  first  ideas  twined, 
Thine  image  oft  will  meet  my  mind, 
And  while  remembrance  brings  thee  near, 
Affection  oft  will  drop  a  tear. 

What  tragic  tears  bedew  the  eye, 
What  deaths  we  suffer  e'er  we  die  ; 
Our  broken  friendship  we  deplore, 
And  loves  of  earth  that  are  no  more. 

No  after  friendships  e'er  can  raise 

The  endearments  of  our  early  days, 

And  ne'er  our  hearts  such  fondness  prove, 

As  when  we  first  begin  to  love. 

Anon. 


296      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 


The  Franklin  Hotel  was  built  by  Samuel  Harri- 
son, Esq.  It  was  thought  at  the  time  a  stupendous 
undertaking,  and  it  remains  a  lasting  monument  of 
the  energy  and  jud'gment  of  the  remarkable  man 
by  whom  it  was  planned.  Very  soon  after  its  com- 
pletion, this  Hotel  was  leased  to  Mr.  Hoyle,  and  by 
this  gentleman  was  the  establishment  kept  for  many 
years  in  a  style  superior  to  anything  of  the  sort  in 
the  State  of  Virginia.  This  excellent  and  venera- 
ble man  was  a  native  of  Ireland,  but  for  a  number 
of  years  previous,  he  had  been  an  inhabitant  of 
Lynchburg,  and  a  proprietor  of  the  old  "Indian 
Queen,"  kept  on  Main  street.  In  his  native  coun- 
try, Mr.  Hoyle  occupied  a  high  standing  amongst  the 
Irish  gentry ;  but  circumstances  rendering  it  neces- 
sary for  him  to  emigrate,  he,  with  his  wife,  son, 
daughter  and  nephew,  embarked  for  America. 
Mrs.  Hoyle  was  a  lady  of  amiability  and  refine- 
ment, and  long  will  this  excellent  couple  be  remem- 
bered in  Lynchburg  by  the  old  inhabitants.  The 
superiority  of  the  table,  the  perfect  order  of  the 
establishment,  the  handsome  antique  furniture,  the 
fine  pictures,  the  kindly  bearing  of  the  host  and 
hostess — all  these  assisted  in  making  such  a  public 
house  as  we  can  never  more  see  in  this  age  of  steam 
and  telegraph.  Amassing  a  large  fortune  at  this 
model  Hotel,  Mr.  Hoyle  retired  from  business,  hi3 


OP  LYNCHBURG.  297 

head  perfectly  frosted  by  age,  and  leaving  in  the 
hearts  of  countless  friends  a  lasting  remembrance. 
He  survived  his  good  wife  many  years,  and  at  his 
death  divided  his  honestly  gained  estate  between 
his  daughter,  Mrs.  Mary  Brown,  and  his  nephew, 
Mr.  George  Hoyle,  both  of  whom  reside  in  St. 
Louis,  Missouri.  The  Franklin  Hotel  was  then 
leased  by  Robert  Morriss,  Esq.,  and  for  many  years 
himself  and  his  worthy  lady  presided  over  the  es- 
tablishment with  a  skill  and  wisdom  comparable  only 
to  that  of  the  venerable  Mr.  Hoyle.  The  name  of 
this  Hotel  is  now  changed  to  that  of  the  "  Norvelle 
House ;"  and  with  all  the  expense  encountered  by 
its  proprietors,  with  all  its  gorgeous,  showy  furni- 
ture and  many  parlors,  this  house  has  never  been 
what  it  was  in  the  days  of  Mr.  Hoyle  and  Robert 
Morriss,  Esq. 


298      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 


AN   OLD    COUPLE. 

"  Woodman,  spare  that  tree — 
Touch  not  a  single  bough." 

In  the  year  1819,  Dr.  Humphreys  resided  in  our 
town,  on  Main  street,  and  his  dwelling  was  a  long, 
low  cottage-looking  building,  afterwards  the  resi- 
dence of  Samuel  Bransford,  Esq.  At  that  time, 
this  house  was  deeply  shaded  by  a  row  of  beautiful 
catalpa  trees,  which,  at  the  earnest  entreaties  of 
Mrs.  Humphreys,  had  been  permitted  to  remain  by 
the  town  authorities.  Dr.  Humphreys  was  of  Scot- 
tish origin,  and  was  amongst  the  earliest  and  most 
respected  of  the  first  settlers  of  Lynchburg,  where, 
with  considerable  reputation,  he  practiced  the  medi- 
cal profession ;  his  druggist  store,  at  that  time,  with 
the  exception  of  Dr.  Enfield's,  was  the  only  estab- 
lishment of  the  sort  in  town.  Mrs.  Humphreys  was 
a  high-born,  polished  lady,  of  comely  appearance 
and  gentle  manners.  Of  great  energy  and  indus- 
try, she  thus  materially  aided  her  husband  in  his 
affairs,  as  well  as  by  her  prudence  and  foresight. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  299 

Many  young  ladies  from  the  country  were  placed 
at  the  residence  of  this  worthy  couple  for  the  pur- 
pose of  attending  the  schools  of  Lynchburg.  The 
parents  confiding  them  to  their  care,  felt  every  as- 
surance of  confidence  in  the  kindness  and  discretion 
of  Dr.  and  Mrs.  Humphreys. 

Two  lovely  daughters  gladdened  the  old  age  of 
their  parents — Isabella,  the  eldest,  became  the  wife 
of  James  Bullock,  Esq.,  and  Jane,  the  younger,  was 
married  to  Wm.  Lynch.  The  druggist  establishment 
of  Dr.  Humphreys  was  kept  in  the  house  afterwards 
oecupied  as  such  by  the  late  Dr.  Howell  Davies,  and 
being  somewhat  deaf  and  near-sighted,  Dr.  Hum- 
phreys was  often  the  recipient  of  many  ill-timed 
jokes  from  the  numerous  school-boys  of  the  town ; 
for  instance,  one  of  them  would  often  stand  at  the 
corner  of  the  street  above,  beckoning  to  Dr.  Hum- 
phreys as  though  on  urgent  business  ;  and  before 
this  worthy  disciple  of  Esculapius  could  possibly 
reach  the  spot,  the  person  beckoning  would  have 
vanished. 

He  employed  in  his  establishment  a  young  Scotch- 
man, who  was  a  great  mimic,  as  well  as  a  ventrilo- 
quist, and  when  sent  down  into  the  cellar,  this  Cale- 
donian lad  would  appear  to  be  carrying  on  a  con- 
versation with  several  others ;  and,  oh  horror  !  Dr. 
Humphreys  could  distinctly  hear  them  uncorking 
bottles  and  decantering  wine  from  a  cask  of  his  very 
best  and  oldest  vintage.    Precipitating  himself  down 


800  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

the  steps  after  the  delinquents  "with  such  rapidity  as 
to  endanger  Jife  and  limb,  on  entering  the  subterra- 
neous apartment,  Dr.  Humphreys  would  find  no  one 
there  save  the  young  Scotchman,  who  would  look 
up  with  a  demure  countenance,  innocently  surprised 
at  the  speed  and  excitement  of  his  employer.  Nor 
was  this  the  only  annoyance  at  this  druggist's  store; 
for  the  Doctor  possessed  a  colored  man,  named  Bob, 
who  was  also  an  incomparable  mimic ;  and  so  per- 
fectly could  he  imitate  the  voice  of  Dr.  Humphreys, 
that  frequently  he  would  cause  a  great  tumult 
amongst  the  young  men,  by  coming  suddenly  to  the 
door  and  beginning  to  scold  and  grumble  like  his 
master.  In  the  habit  of  putting  his  pen  behind  his 
ear,  Dr.  Humphreys  endeavored  to  enforce  amongst 
his  clerks  this  custom,  together  with  that  of  putting 
bottle  stoppers  and  spiles  in  that  same  convenient 
place ;  but  failing  in  this  one  day,  it  is  said  that 
Dr.  Humphreys  lost  gallons  of  fine  molasses,  not 
finding  the  spile  in  its  usual  resting-place,  and  in  his 
confusion  entirely  forgetting  where  it  was  laid. 

At  this  time  Dr.  Humphreys  had  in  his  employ- 
ment a  young  man  by  the  name  of  Richardson,  who 
was  also  by  birth  a  Scotchman,  and  who  professed  to 
be  a  nephew  of  Burns'  Highland  Mary,  thereby  in- 
vesting himself  with  some  of  the  romance  which 
surrounds  that  sweet  and  beloved  dream  of  the 
Ayrshire  ploughman's  youth. 

Dr.   Humphreys  was  a  good  man  and  a  useful 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  301 

citizen,  his  peculiarities  being  perfectly  harmless. 
He  survived  for  many  years  his  wife  and  children ; 
and  truly  touching  was  it  in  his  decline  of  life  to 
witness  his  loneliness  at  his  desolate  hearth,  re- 
lieved only  occasionally  by  visits  from  a  few  grand- 
children. 


26 


302  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 


MRS.   TALIAFERRO. 

This  venerable  lady  resides  in  Lynchburg,  con- 
tinuing to  occupy  the  same  house  in  which  she  lived 
nearly  half  a  century  since.  Her  maiden  name 
was  Price,  and  she  was  a  sister  of  Mrs.  Meredith 
Lambeth,  of  the  vicinity  of  Lynchburg.  For  some 
years,  Mrs.  Taliaferro  was  the  wife  of  Roderick 
Taliaferro,  Esq.,  an  excellent  man,  who,  dying 
about  the  year  1819,  left  her  a  widow,  with  the 
sole  charge  of  a  young  and  helpless  family.  Con- 
scientiously discharging  these  arduous  duties,  she 
has  had  the  comfort  and  gratification,  in  her  old 
age,  of  seeing  her  children  rise  and  prosper  around 
her  ;  proving  that  the  good  seed,  by  her  sown,  had 
fallen  into  honest  hearts,  which,  in  due  season,  have 
brought  forth  their  fruits.  She  was  the  mother  of 
the  late  Judge  Norborne  Taliaferro,  who  was  reared 
in  Lynchburg,  and  who  studied  for  the  bar  under 
the  auspices  of  the  late  Christopher  Anthony,  of 
that  place.  Judge  Taliaferro  was  an  eminent  lawyer, 
and,  when  a  young  man,  he  married  Miss  Lucy  Jones, 
an  interesting  young  lady  of  Lynchburg.    Surviving 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  303 

for  some  years  his  beloved  wife,  he  was  appointed 
Judge  of  the  Henry  and  Patrick  District.  Dis- 
charging with  great  ability  these  duties,  and  whilst 
in  the  midst  of  his  vigor  and  usefulness,  Judge 
Taliaferro  died  a  few  years  since,  leaving  his  aged 
mother  to  mourn  the  loss  of  her  excellent  son. 


In  a  small  wooden  house,  not  far  below  the  old 
"  Cross  Keys,"  lived  Mrs.  Woodrow.  A  lovely 
face,  commanding  figure,  together  with  fine  sense 
and  much  suavity  of  manners,  gave  to  this  lady 
great  influence  at  one  time  in  Lynchburg.  An 
active  member  of  the  Methodist  Church,  possessing 
great  fluency  of  speech  and  a  perfect  command  of 
her  pen,  she  occupied  in  that  denomination  a  promi- 
nent station,  and,  by  her  practical  skill  in  nursing 
and  administering  medicines,  she  greatly  aided  their 
society,  for  visiting  the  sick  and  indigent.  Her 
maiden  name  was  Fitzhugh,  and  that  of  her  first 
husband  was  Brent,  and  her  daughter,  Mary  Brent, 
was  a  young  lady  of  great  beauty  and  gentleness. 
Mr.  Woodrow,  the  second  husband,  was  an  amiable 
man,  but  of  a  family  widely  differing  from  her  first 
aristocratic  connection.  Her  daughter,  Henrietta 
Woodrow,  was  just  expanding  into  womanhood  at 
the  time  they  left  Lynchburg. 

Mary  Brent  married  Tipton  Harrison,  of  Lynch- 


304      SKETCHES  AND  EECOLLECTIONS 

burg,  and  emigrating  with  her  husband  and  her 
mother's  family  to  Pensacola,  in  a  brief  time,  she 
with  her  husband,  brother  and  sister,  all  fell  vic- 
tims to  the  yellow  fever ;  and  the  letters  of  the 
bereaved  mother,  written  in  all  the  eloquence  of 
woe,  were  read  with  great  sympathy  and  interest 
by  many  in  Lynchburg.  Shortly  after  this  time, 
Mrs.  Woodrow  removed  to  New  Orleans  with  her 
sister,  Miss  Nancy  Fitzhugh. 

Many  little  incidents  connected  with  the  latter 
personage  might  be  here  recorded,  but  as  both  her- 
self and  her  repartees  are  well  remembered  by  the 
old  inhabitants,  it  is  needless  to  mention  them. 
The  fate  both  of  Mrs.  Woodrow  and  her  sister  is 
involved  in  some  obscurity.  A  few  years  since,  a 
gentleman  of  Lynchburg  received  a  long  and  singu- 
lar letter  from  Miss  Nancy  Fitzhugh,  proposing  to 
engage  him  in  a  law  suit,  and  laying  claim  to  a 
considerable  property  in  the  town  of  Lynchburg ; 
and  for  some  time  this  lady  was  constantly  expected 
in  the  city;  but  as  no  subsequent  tidings  were  ever 
received  from  her,  it  may  be  inferred  that  Miss 
Nancy  Fitzhugh  has  long  since  left  this  lower 
world. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  305 


i> 


THE    TUCKER    FAMILY. 

MRS.  MARIA   TUCKER— ROSALIE   TUCKER. 

"  Beneath  every  domestic  roof/7  says  an  American 
writer,  "  there  are  more  than  are  counted  by  the  eye  of 
a  stranger.  Spirits  are  there  which  he  does  not  see,  but 
which  are  never  far  from  the  eyes  of  the  household. 
Steps  are  on  the  stairs,  but  not  for  common  ears,  and 
familiar  places  and  objects  restore  familiar  smiles  and 
tears,  and  acts  of  goodness  and  words  of  love,  which  are 
seen  and  heard  by  memory  alone." 

Mrs.  Maria  Tucker,  eldest  daughter  of  Charles 
Carter,  Esq.,*  was  a  native  of  Culpeper  county. 
She  was  in  early  life  married  to  George  Tucker, 
Esq.,  a  native  of  the  Island  of  Bermuda,  and  many 
years  since  they  settled  in  the  town  of  Lynchburg. 

*  The  wife  of  this  gentleman  was  a  lady  of  great  goodness, 
refinement  and  elegance.  Her  maiden  name  was  "  Betsy  Lewis," 
the  favorite  niece  of  General  Washington.  Mrs.  Eleanor  Brown, 
wife  of  the  late  Henry  Brown,  Esq.,  and  Mrs.  Otwayanna  Owens, 
the  second  wife  of  Dr.  William  Owens,  were  likewise  her  daugh- 
ters. These  two  last  ladies  will  long  be  most  affectionately 
remembered  in  Lyuchburg.  They  were  highly  gifted  with 
moral  qualities,  and  remarkable  for  most  sprightly  imagina- 
tions and  minds  of  the  highest  order. 


306      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

Posssessing  a  very  lovely  face,  beautiful  form,  a 
mind  highly  cultivated,  perfect  command  of  lan- 
guage, united  to  most  enthusiastic  eloquence,  Mrs. 
Tucker  adorned  the  polished  circle  in  which  she 
moved,  contributing  to  its  gayety  and  cheerfulness, 
by  the  most  refined  wit,  perfectly  tempered  with 
good  humor.  For  some  years  the  family  resided  in 
the  house  owned  by  George  Whitelocke,  Esq.,  in 
the  vicinity  of  the  Rev.  William  S.  Reid's  resi- 
dence, the  daughters  a  lovely  household  band,  till 
death  claimed  for  its  own,  Rosalie,  the  fairest  and 
loveliest  of  the  sisterhood. 

This  remarkable  young  person  was  born  in  Cul- 
peper  on  the  8th  of  May,  1804 ;  and,  from  the 
earliest  stage  of  her  existence,  her  mother  had 
formed  the  most  favorable  presages  of  her  future 
excellence;  and,  though  naturally  sanguine,  Mrs. 
Tucker  seems,  on  this  occasion,  to  have  been  inspired 
with  more  than  her  ordinary  enthusiasm. 

Extracts  from  a  Memoir  of  Rosalie,  written  by  her  Father. 

"  From  her  earliest  infancy  she  was  distinguished  for 
a  feeling,  generous  heart;  as  she  grew  up,  it  exhibited 
itself  in  a  thousand  amiable  forms  of  affection,  kindness, 
humanity  and  benevolence.  The  tenderness  of  her  na- 
ture was  not  confined  to  her  relations.  She  was  all 
kindness  and  sympathy  to  her  young  companions — to  the 
poor,  to  the  servants,  of  whom  there  is  not  one  who 
cannot  bear  testimony  to  her  beneficence  and  generosity." 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  307 

"Even  in  her  last  illness,  worn  down  as  she  was  by 
weakness  and  pain,  there  was  not  a  day,  and  scarcely  an 
hour,  in  which  she  did  not  form  some  plan,  or  make  some 
request,  which  showed  that  she  was  often  insensible  of 
her  own  suffering  in  her  affectionate  solicitude  for  the 
happiness  of  others." 

"Warm  hearts  are  apt  to  be  united  with  irritable 
tempers.  They  both  seem  to  be  the  natural  effects  of  a 
more  than  ordinary  sensibility.  It  was  not  so  with 
Rosalie :  she  had  the  temper  of  an  angel.  One  eternal 
sunshine  of  good  humor  and  placidity  beamed  from  her 
brow.  She  was  never  seen  angry,  and  the  meekness  and 
patience  with  which  she  bore  the  sufferings  of  her  last 
illness,  have  never  been  surpassed.  The  fact  is,  a  happy 
nature,  aided  by  good  precepts  and  good  habits,  had  so 
subdued  all  selfish  feelings,  that  they  seemed  to  be  sub- 
ordinate to  her  sympathy  for  others,  and  their  ease  and 
accommodation  constituted  her  chief  pleasure — it  might 
be  said,  her  ruling  passion.  Hence  it  was,  that  this 
generous  disinterestedness  did  not  wait  for  great  occa- 
sions to  show  itself,  or  require  the  stimulus  of  applause 
for  its  support,  but  was  excited  in  the  little  concerns  and 
privacy  of  domestic  life,  when  the  character  is  seen  in  its 
true  colors  without  affectation  or  disguise." 

This  gifted  young  person*  died  in  Lynchburg, 
December,  1819,  in  the  fifteenth  year  of  her  age; 

*  About  the  time  of  her  death,  many  young  children  were 
called  after  this  lovely  girl,  and  the  name  Rosalie,  has  since 
then  become  quite  common  in  the  vicinity  of  Lynchburg. 


308  SKETCHES   AND   KECOLLECTIONS 

and,  though  little  more  than  four  years  old  at  the 
time,  a  perfect  recollection  of  her  lovely  appear- 
ance is  preserved — and  would  that  the  tender  feel- 
ings of  childish  admiration  could  be  eloquently 
penned  as  they  are  felt.  The  memory  of  Rosalie 
Tucker  is  sacredly  cherished  by  her  class-mates,  as 
•well  as  by  the  oldest  inhabitants  of  Lynchburg ; 
and,  in  her  early  death,  we  have  a  striking  exem- 
plification of  the  broken  alabaster  box,  whose  oint- 
ment, though  so  precious,  was  unhesitatingly  yielded 
to  the  Saviour ;  and  whose  perfume,  though  at  first 
confined  to  that  humble  Hebrew  abode,  has  now 
gone  forth  to  the  world,  conveying  a  lesson  both 
practical  and  beautiful.  So,  after  the  lapse  of 
thirty-nine  years,  may  the  present  generation  be 
instructed  and  stimulated  to  press  onwards,  to  "  be 
ye  therefore  perfect" — as  much  by  the  tranquil 
death,  as  by  the  exemplary  life,  of  this  young  girl. 
She  was  very  beautiful  in  person — and  a  portrait 
of  her,  taken  after  death,  serves  in  a  measure  to 
recall  those  angelic  features.  Though  much  younger 
than  Clementina  Cuvier,  a  striking  parallel  exists 
between  Rosalie  and  this  exemplary  young  French- 
woman, not  only  in  rich  mental  gifts  and  perfect 
loveliness  of  character,  but  in  the  peculiar  devotion 
cherished  towards  Rosalie  by  her  gifted  father — 
which,  in  its  intensity,  resembled  the  affection 
cherished  by  Baron  Cuvier  to  his  daughter,  Clem- 
entina.    A  few  years  subsequent  to  this  mournful 


OF   LYNCHBUKG.  309 

event,  Mrs.  Tucker  was,  during  the  absence  of  her 
husband,  suddenly  called  hence,  leaving  her  house 
lonely  and  her  young  family  desolate  ;  and,  without 
doubt,  in  that  solemn  hour,  she  could  appropriate 
to  herself  the  truth  of  our  Saviour's  words  :  "  What 
I  do,  thou  knowest  not  now ;  but  thou  shalt  know 
hereafter;"  for  she  could  not  but  be  assured  that 
her  beloved  daughter,  the  angelic  Rosalie,  was 
waiting  to  receive  her  on  the  shores  of  Eternity. 

Mrs.  Tucker  left  an  assurance  of  peace,  and  met 
death  with  great  calmness  and  composure.  She 
had  evidently  had  presentiments  of  her  death,  from 
many  little  memoranda  found,  and  from  particular 
passages  which  she  had  noted  and  marked  in  her 
book  of  hymns — one  of  which  was  sung  at  her 
funeral,  which  took  place  at  the  Presbyterian 
Church,  being  preached  by  the  Rev.  William  S. 
Reid,  as  soon  as  Mr.  Tucker  reached  his  desolate 
home  : 

"My  hope,  my  all,  my  Saviour  thou, 
To  Thee  low  now  my  soul  I  bow  : 
I  feel  the  bliss  Thy  wounds  impart, 
I  find  Thee,  Saviour,  in  my  heart ! 

Be  Thou  my  strength,  be  Thou  my  stay, 
Protect  me  through  my  life's  short  day ; 
And  if  I  would  from  Thee  depart, 
Then  dwell  Thou,  Saviour,  in  my  heart. 

In  fierce  temptation's  darkest  hour, 
Save  me  from  sin  and  Satan's  power : 
Tear  every  idol  from  Thy  throne, 
And  reign  my  Saviour,  reign  alone. 


310  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

My  suffering  time  "will  soon  be  o'er, 
Then  shall  I  sigh  and  weep  no  more  ; 
My  ransomed  soul  shall  soar  away. 
To  sing  Thy  praise  in  endless  day." 

Of  the  members  of  this  beloved  family,  Mr. 
Tucker  survives,  together  with  his  daughters,  Mrs. 
George  Rives,  of  Sherwood,  Albemarle  county,  and 
Mrs.  Gessner  Harrison,*  of  the  University  of  Vir- 
ginia. Lelia  Tucker,  the  youngest  daughter,  died 
some  years  since  at  the  residence  of  her  sister,  Mrs. 
Harrison.  She  was  a  lady  of  great  goodness,  pos- 
sessing, in  an  eminent  degree,  all  those  qualities  of 
mind  and  heart,  for  which  the  other  members  of 
her  family  were  so  remarkable.  She  died  as  she 
had  lived,  the  meek,  cheerful,  devoted  Christian ; 
and  she  is  surely  now  united  in  Heaven  to  her 
sainted  mother  and  sister. 


*  The  recent  death  of  Mrs.  Broadus,  the  young  and  lovely 
daughter  of  this  lady,  whilst  awakening  affectionate  sympathy, 
tenderly  recalls  the  past,  blending  the  excellencies  of  the  young 
wife  and  mother,  with  those  of  the  lovely  Rosalie,  whose  ex- 
ample had  doubtless  been  held  up  to  her  in  childhood. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  311 


.      THE    TOWLES    FAMILY. 

COLONEL   OLIVER  TOWLES. 

"  How  sleep  the  brave  who  sink  to  rest, 
By  all  their  country's  wishes  blest ; 
When  Spring  with  dewy  fingers  cold, 
Returns  to  deck  their  hallowed  mould, 
She  there  shall  dress  a  sweeter  sod, 
Than  Fancy's  feet' have  ever  trod. 

By  fairy  hands  their  knell  is  rung, 
By  forms  unseen  their  dirge  is  sung ; 
There  Honor  comes,  a  pilgrim  gray, 
To  bless  the  turf  that  wraps  their  clay, 
And  Freedom  shall  awhile  repair, 
To  dwell  a  weeping  hermit  there." 

Collins. 

The  family  of  Towles  were  originally  from 
Wales — settling  first  in  the  Northern  Neck  of  Vir- 
ginia, where  some  of  their  descendants  continue  to 
reside.  Colonel  Towles,  the  subject  of  this  brief 
memoir,  was,  prior  to  the  Revolution,  a  lawyer  of 
eminence  in  the  county  of  Orange  ;  but,  as  soon  as 
the  struggle  with  England  commenced,  Colonel 
Oliver  Towles  abandoned  the  law,  entering  with  his 


312  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

whole  soul  into  the  contest  for  liberty.  He  was, 
indeed,  a  patriot  and  a  brave  officer,  taking  an  ac- 
tive part  from  the  beginning  to  the  end  of  our 
Revolutionary  struggle  with  Great  Britain.  He 
was  made  prisoner  at  one  time,  and  suffered  many 
hardships  as  such,  on  Long  Island,  where  he  was 
for  some  time  kept  in  captivity. 

Colonel  Towles*  was  in  several  actions,  and  was 
taken  prisoner  at  the  battle  of  Germantown,  where 
he  received  a  wound,  which  was  found  out  by  letters 
from  his  brother  officers  to  their  friends — for  he, 
himself,  never  alluded  to  the  circumstance.  The 
inhabitants  of  Philadelphia,  particularly  the  ladies, 
distinguished  themselves  by  their  kind  attentions  to 
the  prisoners  of  war.  But  the  British  generals 
behaved  very  ignobly  :  they  taunted  our  officers  with 
General  Washington's  want  of  military  skill  in 
losing  the  battle,  and  they  spoke  of  him  as  "  Mr. 
Washington;"  at  which  Colonel  Towles  was  greatly 
incensed,  and  said  that  "he  knew  no  such  man, 
and  that  if  they  meant  the  American  commander- 
in-chief,  and  called  him  so,  he  would  then  answer 
them."  At  which  one  of  the  British  officers  re- 
plied, "  These  American  officers  are  quite  spunky." 

Colonel  Towles  had  a  son,  called  Henry  Towles, 


*  Colonel  Towles  was  a  member  and  Secretary  of  the  Cin- 
cinnati Society. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  315 

who  was  a  Captain  in  General  Wayne's  engage- 
ment with  the  Indians,  and  who  was  killed  in  the 
battle.  A  letter  from  his  commanding  officer  to 
his  father,  shows  feelingly  in  what  estimation  this 
brave  young  man  was  held ;  and,  amongst  the  pa- 
pers left  by  Colonel  Towles,  were  many  letters  from 
General  Washington — one  of  them  saying,  that  "if 
he  was  solicited  he  would  take  the  command  of  the 
American  forces,  but  that  he  would  not  electioneer 
for  it,  and  would  give  it  as  his  opinion  that  General 
Andrew  Lewis  was  the  fitest  man  in  the  country 
for  commander-in-chief."  Colonel  Towles  was  pre- 
sent at  the  surrender  of  Cornwallis  at  Yorktown, 
and  he  often  spoke  with  enthusiasm  of  this  most 
imposing  scene.  He  was  premoted  to  Lieutenant- 
Colonel,  which  commission  he  held  to  the  end  of 
the  war ;  and,  when  Edmund  Pendleton*  was  made 
Judge,  Colonel  Towles  was  solicited  to  become  a 
candidate  for  that  office,  but,  owing  to  his  personal 
friendships,  he  refused  to  be  put  in  nomination. 
Indeed,  this  venerable  patriot  was  a  most  remarka- 
ble man,  possessing  great  conversational  powers, 
and  by  his  wit  and  vivacity  attracting  both  old  and 
young. 

*  Oa  his  removal  to  Lynchburg,  Colonel  Towles  called  on 
"Aunt  Martin,"  who  was  a  niece  of  his  old  friend,  and  he  re- 
marked that  "  it  cost  her  no  effort  to  be  good,  as  she  was  so 
constitutionally  and  by  inheritance, — that  all  the  Pendletons 
had  good  blood  flowing  through  their  veins." 

27 


314  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

He  was  enthusiastically  fond  of  the  British  poets ; 
and  his  reading  of  Shakspeare  was  so  superior,  that 
it  might  have  borne  comparison  with  that  of  Mrs. 
Siddons  or  Fanny  Kemble  Butler.  He  correspond- 
ed with  most  of  the  leading  men  of  his  day,  and 
many  of  their  letters,  preserved  in  the  Towles 
family,  will,  doubtless,  hereafter  be  valuable  as  his- 
torical references. 

This  venerable  man  lived  to  be  upwards  of  eighty 
years  old,  retaining  to  the  last  his  wonderful  facul- 
ties ;  and,  on  the  day  of  his  death,  which  occurred 
during  the  winter  of  1824,  in  Lynchburg,  he  read, 
without  spectacles,  a  chapter  of  small  print  in  his 
Bible.  The  remains  of  this  brave  and  good  man 
are  interred  in  Lynchburg,  where  he  was  beloved 
and  reverenced  by  a  large  circle  of  friends  and 
relatives. 


Major  Oliver  Towles,  a  son  of  Colonel  Towles, 
was  a  gallant  Virginia  gentleman,  though  too  young 
at  the  time  of  the  Revolutionary  war,  to  take  part 
in  the  contest  with  England.  He  became  the  hus- 
band of  Agatha  Lewis,  the  name  of  a  family  which 
has  adorned  the  annals  of  our  political  and  military 
history,  and  which  is  also  equally  eminent  for  the 
more  quiet  virtues  of  domestic  life.  Tall  and  com- 
manding in  person,  Mrs.  Towles  inherited  from  her 
illustrious  ancestors  all  of  that  beauty  and  elegance 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  315 

of  manner  for  which  they  were  so  remarkable. 
This  lady  was  gifted  with  a  fine  mind  and  excellent 
heart,  and  long  will  her  good  influence  be  felt 
amongst  her  own  descendants  and  those  of  the 
warm  friends  she  so  strongly  attached  to  herself 
during  her  residence  in  Lynchburg.  She  was  an 
ardent,  sincere  Christian,  a  devout  member  of  the 
Presbyterian  Church  of  Lynchburg,  and  she  was 
most  tenderly  attached  to  the  beloved  pastor  of  that 
denomination. 

Surviving  for  many  years  her  affectionate  hus- 
band, she  passed  through  many  alternations  of 
fortune,  all  of  which  she  sustained  with  the  dignity 
and  cheerfulness  of  a  Christian  lady.  Out  of  a 
family  of  eight  children  only  four  survive :  Dr.  Wil- 
liam Towles,  of  Caira,  Cumberland  county;  Mrs. 
Caroline  Simms,  a  resident  in  the  vicinity  of  Caira; 
Dr.  Alfred  Towles,  of  Missouri,  and  Mrs.  John 
Blair  Dabney,  of  Campbell  county,  Virginia. 

The  daughters  of  Major  Towles  will  ever  be 
remembered  with  pride  and  pleasure  by  those  who 
knew  them  in  Lynchburg.  They  were  queenly 
looking  ladies,  gifted  with  most  cordial,  affectionate 
dispositions,  which  served  to  endear  them  to  friends, 
even  more  than  their  brilliant  minds  and  great  per- 
sonal beauty.  Maria  Towles,  the  oldest,  was  a  very 
gifted  and  elegant  woman.  She  became  the  wife  of 
Dr.  Landon  Rives,  of  Nelson  county;  and,  many 
years  since,  with  her  husband  and  family,  she  emi- 


316  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

grated  to  Cincinnati,  where,  for  a  length  of  time, 
Dr.  Rives  ably  filled  a  professorship  in  the  Medical 
College  of  the  Queen  City.  About  seventeen  years 
since,  Mrs.  Rives  was  taken  suddenly  from  her  de- 
voted family.  A  portrait  of  this  lovely  lady  is  at 
Oak  Ridge,  the  country  seat  of  Miss  P.  Rives  in 
Nelson  county,  but  it  fails  to  convey  to  the  beholder 
an  idea  of  her  beautiful,  ever-varying  countenance. 

Mrs.  John  Blair  Dabney,  the  second  daughter, 
was  well  known  and  beloved,  in  Lynchburg,  by  the 
sweet  name  of  Bessie  Towles.  She  was  a  lady  of 
splendid  personal  appearance,  and  it  was  related  by 
one  present  at  the  time,  that,  on  one  occasion,  ap- 
pearing in  Washington  City  at  a  Presidential  ball, 
in  simple,  elegant  attire,  her  beauty  and  freshness, 
her  unaffected,  sprightly  and  graceful  manners, 
attracted  throughout  that  large  assemblage  the  most 
unqualified  admiration. 

About  the  year  1822,  this  lady  became  the  wife 
of  John  Blair  Dabney,  Esq.,  an  eminent  lawyer  of 
the  upper  country,  and  a  son  of  the  late  Judge 
Dabney :  and  the  family  reside  at  their  country 
seat,  not  very  distant  from  Campbell  Courthouse. 

Colonel  William  Lewis,  of  Mount  Athos,  who 
married  Miss  Cabell,  was  one  of  the  brothers  of 
Mrs.  Agatha  Towles ;  and  he  was  for  a  length  of 
time  a  resident  at  Mount  Athos,  nine  miles  below 


OP    LYNCHBURG.  317 

Lynchburg.  This  gentleman  was,  for  many  years, 
a  member  of  Congress  from  that  district — a  friend 
of  internal  improvement ;  and  he  was  a  man  of 
great  literary  taste  and  acquirements. 

Dr.  Charles  Lewis,  a  younger  brother,  was  at 
one  time  a  resident  of  Lynchburg,  living  in  the 
next  house  below  the  Franklin  Hotel.  He  married 
Miss  Irvine,  a  daughter  of  General  Irvine,  of  Phil- 
adelphia, one  of  the  heroes  of  the  Revolution.  Dr. 
Lewis  subsequently,  with  his  family,  moved  to  Phil- 
adelphia, where  many  of  their  descendants  now 
reside — and  amongst  them,  Mrs.  Mary  Leiper*  and 
Mrs.  Elizabeth  Campbell,  still  well-remembered  and 
beloved  by  friends  known  during  their  residence  in 
Lynchburg. 

"  William  Lewis  (the  father  of  Mrs.  Agatha  Towles) 
was  the  third  son  of  John  Lewis.f  He  was  an  active 
participator  in  the  border  wars,  and  was  an  officer  of  the 
Revolutionary  army,  in  which  one  of  his  sons  was  killed, 
and  another  maimed  for  life.  When  the  British  force, 
under  Tarleton,  drove  the  Legislature  from  Charlottesville 
to  Staunton,  the  stillness  of  the  Sabbath  eve   was  bro- 

*  Mrs.  Leiper  married  a  near  relative  of  Dr.  Kane,  and  in  his 
"  Arctic  Explorations"  he  named  a  river  in  honor  of  her,  "  The 
Mary  Leiper  River." 

f  For  a  minute  and  deeply  interesting  account  of  the  circum- 
stances, connected  with  the  settlement  of  Augusta  county  by 
the  Lewis  family,  the  reader  is  referred  to  Howe's  History  of 
Virginia,  page  181. 


318  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

ken,  in  the  latter  town,  by  the  beat  of  the  drum,  and 
volunteers  were  called  for  to  prevent  the  passage  of  the 
British  through  the  mountains  at  Rockfish  Gap.  The 
elder  sons  of  William  Lewis,  who  then  resided  at  the  old 
fort,  were  absent  with  the  Northern  army.  Three  sons, 
however,  were  at  home,  whose  ages  were  seventeen,  fifteen 
and  thirteen  years.  William  Lewis  was  confined  to  his 
bed  by  sickness ;  but  his  wife,*  with  the  firmness  of  a 
Roman  matron,  called  them  to  her,  and  bade  them  fly  to 
the  defence  of  their  native  land.  '  Go,  my  children/  said 
she — '  I  spare  not  my  youngest,  my  fair-haired  boy — the 
comfort  of  my  declining  years, — I  devote  you  all  to  my 
country  !  Keep  back  the  feet  of  the  invader  from  the 
soil  of  Augusta,  or  see  my  face  no  more  !'  When  this 
incident  was  related  to  General  Washington,  shortly  after 
its  occurrence,  he  enthusiastically  exclaimed,  '  Leave  me 
but  a  banner  to  plant  upon  the  mountains  of  Augusta, 
and  I  will  rally  around  me  the  men  who  will  lift  our 
bleeding  country  from  the  dust  and  set  her  free  ! '  " 

Howe's  History  of  Virginia. 

William  Lewis,  mentioned  in  the  above  extract, 
owned  a  princely  estate  where  Staunton  now  stands ; 
and  he,  with  his  brothers,  Andrew,  Thomas,  Charles 
and  Samuel,  were  in  Braddoek's  defeat.  They  re- 
ceived their  early  instruction  from  the  venerable 
Dr.  Waddell,  the  blind  preacher  mentioned  by  Wirt 


*  This  lady  "was  a  niece  of  General  Montgomery.  She  was 
very  proud  of  her  sons — -whom,  when  called  upon,  she  would 
exhort  "  to  do  honor  to  their  cause." 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  319 

in  his  British  Spy.  The  names  of  these  distin- 
guished men  are  well  known  in  history,  so  that  only 
a  slight  mention  of  them  is  here  necessary,  it  being 
only  designed  to  make  a  brief  record  of  some  of 
the  incidents  connected  with  the  family  of  Mrs. 
Agatha  Towles,  some  of  which  we  believe  have 
never  appeared  in  print. 

William  Lewis  moved  from  Staunton  to  the  Sweet 
Springs,  where  he  died  at  the  age  of  eighty,  re- 
vered as  a  patriarch  and  honored  and  beloved  by 
the  whole  community.  Charles  Lewis,  his  brother, 
was  interred  on  the  battle-field  of  Point  Pleasant, 
like  Sir  John  More, 

"  With  bis  martial  cloak  around  him." 

It  was  said  of  General  Andkew  Lewis,  by  the 
Governor  of  New- York,  when  sent  by  General 
Washington  to  that  city  in  some  public  capacity, 
"  that  his  appearance  was  so  grand  and  imposing 
that  the  earth  seemed  to  tremble  under  his  tread." 

Colonel  Thomas  Lewis,  one  of  the  sons  of  Wil- 
liam Lewis,  and  also  a  brother  of  Mrs.  Agatha 
Towles,  was  a  noble,  brave,  spirited  officer.  He 
was  aid  to  General  Wayne,  and,  on  one  occasion, 
when  they  were  hotly  pursued  by  the  Indians,  the 
horse  of  General  Wayne  fell,  and  together  with 
the  rider  being  disabled,  Colonel  Thomas  Lewis 
took  his  general  in  his  arms,  and  put  him  on  his 
own  fleet  horse,  telling  General  Wayne  to  feel  no 


320  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

uneasiness  on  his  account,  as  lie  would  seek  safety 
by  taking  to  his  heels.  Colonel  Thomas  Lewis  and 
his  general  were  much  attached  to  each  other,  the 
latter  presented  the  former  with  a  large  body  of 
land  in  Indiana. 

William  Lewis  left  three  daughters — Margaret 
Lynn,*  who  was  married  to  Mr.  McFarland,  of 
Pittsburg ;  Agatha,  the  wife  of  Major  Towles,  and 
Elizabeth  Montgomery,  the  wife  of  Mr.  Trent,  of 
Cumberland. 

The  life  of  Mrs.  McFarland,  Mrs.  Towles'  oldest 
sister,  was  a  very  eventful  one ;  she  having  from 
early  childhood  been  placed  in  the  midst  of  peril- 
ous scenes,  from  some  of  which  she  escaped  almost 
miraculously.  Her  father  built  a  fort  at  Staunton, 
as  it  was  unsafe  for  families  to  reside  in  their  own 
dwellings.  On  one  occasion,  Margaret  Lynn  Lewis 
had  wandered  farther  than  was  safe  from  the  fort, 
and,  whilst  amusing  herself,  she  saw  standing  very 
near  to  her  a  large  Indian.  She  was  a  small  child 
at  that  time,  and,  being  very  agile,  she  sprang  up 
and  ran  to  the  fort,  giving  the  alarm  that  the  In- 
dians were  coming.  They  were  in  an  instant  in  an 
attitude  of  defence,  and  they  gave  her  the  credit  of 
saving  the  fort. 

*  See  Howe's  History  of  Virginia  for  a  most  interesting 
sketch  of  Margaret  Lynn,  grand-daughter  of  the  Laird  of  Loch- 
Lynn,  and  the  mother  of  William  Lewis. 


OP   LYNCHBURG.  321 

She  married  Mr.  McFarland,  of  Pittsburg,  and, 
when  she  left  the  paternal  roof,  she  traveled 
through  a  wilderness  country,  infested  with  hostile 
Indians,  till  they  reached  that  place,  where  they 
did  not  consider  themselves  safe,  constantly  ex- 
pecting attacks  from  Indians.  Among  the  more 
friendly,  she  <  was  a  great  favorite,  and,  in  her 
house,  she  had  a  room  which  she  called  her 
museum,  filled  with  articles  of  their  ingenious 
manufacture  and  with  all  manner  of  curiosities. 
She  could  converse  with  several  of  their  tribes, 
and,  on  some  occasions,  she  interpreted  in  their 
councils.  Once,  when  they  least  apprehended 
danger,  a  war  whoop  was  heard,  her  husband  taken 
prisoner,  the  tomahawk  raised,  and  she  averted  her 
eyes  to  avoid  witnessing  the  fatal  stroke.  The 
river  was  between  them,  and  she,  with  her  infant 
and  maid  servant,  of  course,  endeavored  to  fly, 
knowing  the  inevitable  consequences  of  delay. 
After  starting,  the  servant  reminded  Mrs.  McFar- 
land of  her  husband's  money  and  valuable  papers, 
but  she  desired  the  girl  not  to  mention  any  thing  of 
that  sort  to  her  at  such  a  moment ;  but,  regardless 
of  the  commands  of  her  mistress,  the  servant  re- 
turned to  the  dwelling,  bringing  all  the  money  and 
as  many  of  the  papers  as  she  could  hold  in  her 
apron,  overtaking,  in  a  short  time,  her  mistress,  as 
the  snow  was  three  feet  deep.  On  looking  back, 
they  saw  the  house  in  flames,  and,  pursuing  their 


322  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

journey,  they,  with  incredible  fatigue,  reached  the 
house  of  Colonel  Crawford,*  a  distance  of  fourteen 
miles.  Mrs.  McFarland  was  very  nearly  exhausted, 
having  carried  her  infant  child  the  greater  part  of 
the  way,  but,  through  the  kind  attention  of  her 
friends  at  Col.  Crawford's,  she  was  soon  restored. 

She  remained  under  the  hospitable  roof  of  Col. 
Crawford,  till  her  father,  hearing  of  her  situation, 
sent  her  brother,  Col.  William  Lewis,  to  bring  her 
home,  and  they  travelled  the  whole  distance  on 
horseback,  using  pack-horses  for  their  baggage. 
Throughout  the  space  of  three  tedious  years,  the 
brave  heart  of  this  remarkable  womanf  was  buoyed 
up  with  the  firm  hope  and  belief  that  she  should 
again  behold  her  beloved  husband  alive,  and  at 
length  she  received  intelligence  that  he  had  been 
carried  captive  to  Quebec,  where  he  had  encoun- 
tered incredible  hardships ;  but  the  chiefs  had 
agreed,  that  if  a  heavy  ransom  was  paid,  he  might 
be  restored  to  his  friends.  Of  course,  this  was 
done  with  the  greatest  alacrity;  his  brother  going 
on,  and  returning  with  Mr.  McFarland  to  Staunton. 

In  a  short  time,  the  husband  and  wife  returned 
to  their  desolate   home  at   Pittsburg,  where  they 


*  Col.  C.  was  afterwards  inhumanly  burnt  at  the  stake. 

f  Judge  Breckenridge,  of  Kentucky,  who  well  knew  and 
esteemed  this  noble-hearted  lady,  said  that  "  he  never  saw 
such  a  woman,  and  that  she  ought  to  live  in  history." 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  323 

literally  found  nothing  left ;  the  Indians  having 
destroyed  house,  stock  and  every  thing  pertaining 
to  their  establishment.  They  re-built  their  dwell- 
ing on  the  same  spot,  and  for  many  years  they 
happily  and  peacefully  resided  there,  leaving  a 
large  family  all  respectably  settled  about  Pitts- 
burg, with  the  exception  of  two  of  her  sons,  who 
engaged  in  the  fur  trade. 

Many  years  after  her  return  to  Pittsburg,  Mrs. 
McFarland  came  on  a  visit  to  her  parents  at  the 
Sweet  Springs,  attracting  every  one  by  her  vivacity 
and  intelligence,  and  leaving  in  the  hearts  of  those 
of  her  connections,  then  almost  in  infancy,  a  last* 
ing  remembrance. 


324      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 


REV.    WILLIAM    S.    REID. 

Rev.  William  S.  Reid  was  a  native  of  Pennsyl- 
vania, and  was  born  about  the  year  1776.  Early 
in  life  emigrating  to  Virginia,  lie  settled  at  Hamp- 
den Sydney  College,  where  he  studied  for  the  min- 
istry, which  he  afterwards  adorned  by  his  zeal,  piety 
and  eloquence.  He  married  Clementina  Venable, 
a  young  lady  belonging  to  one  of  the  first  families 
in  Virginia,  and  she  was  eminently  qualified  for  the 
wife  of  a  minister.  Of  excellent  disposition,  amia- 
ble speech,  and  a  heart  without  guile,  she  joined 
to  these  the  most  enthusiastic,  tender  and  romantic 
devotion  to  her  gifted  husband,  the  cords  being 
only  strengthened  as  she  became  older. 

Shortly  after  his  marriage,  Mr.  Reid  came  to 
Lynchburg,  where  he  established  the  first  Presby- 
terian Church  of  that  place,  presenting  the  ground 
on  which  to  erect  the  building,  and  preaching  for 
some  time  with  little  or  no  salary ;  and  for  many 
years  he  was  the  beloved  pastor  of  that  Church, 
walking  in  all  the  ordinances  of  the  Lord  blame- 
less ;  but  about  the  year  1828  or  '29,  a  division  oc- 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  325 

curred  in  his  Church,  putting  to  a  severe  test  his 
Christian  character,  as  some  of  his  oldest  and  most 
influential  members  went  over  to  the  new  side ;  but 
after  this  time,  Mr.  Reid  continued  zealously  to  ad- 
vance the  cause  of  Christianity  by  his  faithful  min- 
istry for  many  years.  Mrs.  Clementina  Reid  was 
a  lady  of  great  excellence,  and  she  has  left  in 
Lynchburg  a  remembrance  of  herself  that  will  never 
be  effaced  from  the  hearts  of  her  friends. 

Of  the  ministerial  course  of  this  beloved  man,  it 
is  not  here  the  intention  to  write ;  the  effects  are 
too  well  known  throughout  the  State,  and  they  will 
continue  to  be  felt  through  time  and  eternity ;  but 
tenderness  of  emotion  impels  us  to  offer  a  brief  tri- 
bute of  him  as  a  teacher,  which  station  he  occupied 
for  many  years  in  Lynchburg,  by  presiding  over 
one  of  the  best  female  schools  in  the  State  of  Vir- 
ginia. His  thorough  knowledge  of  the  structure  of 
the  English  language,  his  happy  talent  for  impart- 
ing instruction,  and  exciting  interest  in  his  pupils  ; 
his  scientific  attainments,  his  graceful  manner  of 
illustrating  by  experiments,  his  impartiality,  his 
firmness,  tempered  by  gentleness — all  these  secured 
to  him  eminently  the  respect  and  regard  of  his  scho- 
lars, who  will  carry  with  them  through  life  the  most 
affectionate  remembrance  of  Mr.  Reid,  mingled 
with  retrospections  of  the  past  most  pleasing. 

How  many  ladies  scattered  over  the  United  States 
has  he  educated,  and  how  many  of  the  same  have 
28 


326  SKETCHES  AND   KECOLLECTIONS 

beed  joined  by  him  in  the  holy  bands  of  matrimony, 
and  for  how  large  a  number  of  these  has  he  not 
prayed  beside  a  bed  of  death,  and  rendered  the  last 
solemn  services  over  their  graves  !  And  how  many, 
as  they  approached  the  hour  of  death,  have  blessed 
God  that  they  have  been  instructed  by  this  beloved 
pastor. 

"  Oh !  blessings  on  his  kindly  voice,  and  on  his  silver  hair, 
And  blessings  on  his  whole  long  life,  until  he  meet  me  there  ; 
Oh  !  blessing  on  his  kindly  heart,  and  on  his  silver  head, 
A  thousand  times  I  blessed  him,  as  he  knelt  beside  my  bed." 


The  first  coronation  of  the  Queen  of  May  ever 
known  in  Virginia  took  place  at  Mr.  Reid's  school. 
Miss  Edgeworth's  beautiful  story  of  "  Simple  Su- 
san"* had  just  appeared,  and  its  perusal  had  ex- 
cited in  the  pupils  the  strongest  interest,  mingled 
with  a  desire  to  have  a  celebration.  It  was  told  to 
the  writer  by  one  of  the  pupilsf  who  was  then  at 
this  school,  that  late  in  the  day  on  the  first  of  May, 
they  requested  of  their  teacher  a  holiday,  choosing 
unanimously  for  their  Queen  Eliza  Clopton,  the  most 
beloved  of  all  their  school  companions.     This  rustic 

*  Wilson,  in  the  "  Noctes  Ambrosiane,"  speaks  of  Miss  Edge- 
worth  as  the  authoress  of  "  Simple  Susan."  May  not  this  great 
and  good  man  be  as  justly  distinguished  as  the  author  of 
"  Lights  and  Shadows  of  Scottish  Life  ? " 

f  The  late  Mrs.  Hobson  Johns. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  327 

fete  was  conducted  with  great  simplicity,  and  in  the 
hearts  of  surviving  class-mates  will  ever  be  most 
tenderly  remembered.  At  that  time,  and  for  many 
succeeding  years,  there  were  no  luxurious  arm- 
chairs in  Lynchburg,  and  one  venerable  elbow-chair 
was  every  May-day  conveyed  to  Mr.  Reid's,  and 
from  it  the  May  Queen  gently  swayed  the  sceptre 
over  her  flowery  realm.  That  chair,  from  which 
these  lines  are  penned,  sweetly  recalls  the  blithe, 
happy  time  when  Eliza  Daniel  was  Queen  of  May. 
Her  smiling  blue  eyes,  her  brown  hair,  surmounted 
by  her  wreath  of  dewy  flowers,  her  graceful  form 
draped  in  white  muslin,  are  yet  present  to  memory. 
On  her  bosom  was  fastened,  by  an  old-fashioned 
brooch,  a  bunch  of  white  rose  buds  ;  their  stem  was 
broken,  and  already  in  their  early  fragrance  and 
beauty  were  they  fading.  What  could  have  been 
more  emblematic  of  her  brief,  happy  life,  than  this 
childish  scene?  The  flowers  of  hope  and  love 
fading  in  early  womanhood,  the  stem  of  her  aftec- 
tions  broken  and  crushed,  as  were  those  pale  flow- 
ers, her  own  life  evanescent  as  her  May-day  reign, 
and  in  the  lapse  of  years,  nought  left  to  friends 
but  sweet  memories  of  the  past,  treasured  in  their 
hearts,  as  pearls  of  her  life's  brief  story,  and  by 
them  prized  as  the  most  sacred  relic  of  by-gone 
days. 

In   the  year  1841,   Mrs.    Clementina   Reid    de- 
parted this  life,  leaving  in  the  hearts  of  her  family 


328      SKETCHES  AND  EECOLLECTIONS 

and  friends,  a  void  never  to  be  filled.  Her  death 
materially  affected  the  health  of  her  devoted  hus- 
band, and  though  he  submitted  to  the  heavy  be- 
reavement with  Christian  fortitude  and  resignation, 
still  he  was  never  the  same  after  her  departure. 
Surviving  his  wife  ten  years,  Mr.  Reid  was  tenderly 
cherished  by  a  large  family,  who  could  not  but  es- 
teem it  a  privilege  to  administer  to  the  comfort  and 
happiness  of  this,  their  estimable  parent.  His 
death  was  deeply  felt  by  the  whole  community  in 
which  he  lived,  and  a  sketch  of  his  life,  by  an  able 
divine  of  Lynchburg,  appeared  at  the  time  of  his 
death,  bearing  ample  testimony  to  his  worth  and  of 
the  esteem  in  which  he  was  held  by  other  denomi- 
nations. A  large  family  survive  him.  Miss  Reid, 
and  his  two  sons,  William  S.  Reid,  jr.,  and  S.  V. 
Reid,  being  residents  of  Lynchburg ;  and  with  the 
exception  of  Mrs.  Martha  Calhoun,  Mrs.  Spencer, 
and  Mrs.  Wilson,  the  rest  of  the  daughters  of  this 
family  reside  in  the  Western  States.  This  finished 
scholar  and  eloquent  minister  deserves  a  far  better 
memorial  than  a  passing  tribute,  and  it  is  to  be 
hoped  that  some  one  intimately  acquainted  with  the 
interesting  events  of  his  life,  will  compile  at  least  a 
small  volume  for  the  purpose  of  publication,  embel- 
lished with  a  portrait  of  Mr.  Reid ;  a  suggestion 
of  this  sort  will  doubtless  be  warmly  responded  to 
by  friends,  former  pupils,  and  their  descendants 
scattered  over  the  United  States. 


OP   LYNCHBURG.  329 


WATERING  PLACES  OF  LYNCHBURG. 

smith's   well — -riciiardson's   spring — thurman's 
spring — tate's  spring. 

"  Mr.  Pickwick  began  to  drink  the  water  with  great 
assiduity.  He  took  them  systematically — he  drank  a 
quarter  of  a  pint  before  breakfast,  and  then  walked  up  a 
hill?  and  another  quarter  of  a  pint  after  breakfast,  and 
then  walked  down  a  hill ;  and  after  every  fresh  quarter 
of  a  pint,  Mr.  Pickwick  declared,  in  the  most  solemn  and 
emphatic  manner,  that  he  felt  a  great  deal  better;  whereat 
his  friends  were  much  delighted,  though  they  had  not 
been  previously  aware  that  there  was  anything  the  matter 
with  him." 

Pickwick  Papers. — Mr.  Pickwick  at  Bath, 


u  For  the  use  of  the  water  lately  discovered  by  Luther 
Smith,*  we,  the  subscribers,  do  agree  to  pay  to  the  said 


*  From  the  original  paper  containing  the  resolutions,  with  the 
list  of  subscribers  annexed.  Sent  by  Dr.  Fletcher,  of  Amherst 
county. 


830  SKETCHES   AND    RECOLLECTIONS 

Luther  Smith  the  respective  sums  affixed  to  our  names, 
viz  :  the  sum  of  $2  for  every  family  during  the  season, 
the  sum  of  $1  for  every  single  man  during  the  season. 
The  season  to  commence  from  the  date  hereof,  and  to  ex- 
pire the  first  day  of  October.  The  money  to  be  paid  in 
advance." 

About  thirty-eight  years  since,  a  man  named 
Smith  purchased  a  small  place  on  the  Richmond 
Road,  about  a  mile  below  Lynchburg.  Digging  a 
■well  soon  after  he  settled  there,  it  was  found,  to  the 
astonishment  of  all,  to  be  a  chalybeate  of  the 
strongest  character.  He  then  fitted  up  the  place, 
erecting  an  arbor,  and  placing  seats  around.  Then 
he  sent  out  handbills,  distributing  some,  and  care- 
fully wafering  the  others  on  the  sides  of  walls  and 
houses.  As  these  publications  greatly  extolled  the 
waters,  and  the  terms  for  season  tickets  were  mode- 
rate, the  good  folks  of  the  town  rapidly  subscribed 
to  his  mineral  well,  and  crowds  frequented  this  wa- 
tering place,  twice  a  day — those  unable  to  walk  pro- 
curing conveyances — so  that  hacks,  horses  and  two- 
wheeled  gigs  might  be  seen  ever  wending  their  way 
to  this  Bethesda  of  Lynchburg.  Most  remarkable 
cures  were  wrought  by  these  healing  waters,  several 
persons  professing  to  have  been  entirely  cured  of 
consumption;  and  Smith's  polite  attention  to  his 
visitors  was  so  great,  that  he  was  fast  becoming  as 
popular  and  important  a  personage  as  Barrington's 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  331 

Dr.  Borumborad,*  when  an  unexpected  event  took 
place,  which  forever  destroyed  Smith's  famous  well. 
Whilst  at  the  zenith  of  his  popularity,  and  at 
the  time  of  the  most  wonderful  renovation  of  inva- 
lids from  the  use  of  the  waters,  the  enterprising 
proprietor  receiving  an  advantageous  offer  for  the 
place,  sold  out,  departing  speedily  for  the  Western 
country.  For  a  short  time  after,  the  well  retained 
its  virtues,  but  in  a  few  weeks  the  chalybeate  taste 
became  more  and  more  faint,  till  finally  all  remains 
of  it  had  disappeared.  The  new  proprietor,  de- 
scending to  the  bottom,  found,  to  his  horror,  a  par- 
cel of  old  nails,  horse  shoes,  frying  pans  and  ovens, 
and  it  was  then  ascertained  that  the  said  Luther 
Smith  had  been  so  fortunate  as  to  have  had  a  cha- 
lybeate well  at  whatever  place  he  had  previously 
located. 

After  the  failure  of  Smith's  well,  Richardson's 
Spring  became  a  favorite  resort ;  the  tide  of  beauty 
and  fashion  moving  in  that  direction,  on  a  sum- 
mer's eve  might  be  seen  bevies  of  young  ladies,  with 
their  admirers,  strolling  to  that  watering  place. 
This  chalybeate  was  undoubtedly  genuine ;  two  large 
bubbling  springs  continually  flowing,  showed  plainly 
that  there  were  no  old  nails,  horse  shoes,  or  broken 
ovens  there.     Uncle  John,  as  Mr.  Richardson  was 


*  See  Barrington's  Sketches,  for  a  sketch  of  Dr.  Boruniborad, 
the  Irish  Turk  of  Dublin,  with  his  famous  baths. 


332      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

familiarly  called,  was  in  advance  of  the  German 
doctrine  of^water  cure,  and  at  this  place  was  an  im- 
mense shower-bath,  which  must  have  been  a  terrible 
shock  to  the  recipients,  as  many  hundred  gallons  of 
water  descended  from  a  great  height  on  their  de- 
voted heads.  The  screams  of  the  sufferers  could 
be  heard  a  half  a  mile,  and  altogether  the  shower- 
bath  at  Richardson's  Springs  must  have  been  a  trifle 
more  than  Clarence's  dream. 

Mr.  Richardson  was  subject  to  a  few  infirmities, 
the  worst  of  them  being  a  fondness  for  spiritous 
liquors ;  and  when  under  the  influence  of  these 
demons,  he  would  commit  acts  of  which,  in  his 
sober  moments,  he  would  have  deemed  himself 
incapable.  Married  to  a  pretty  black-eyed  lady,* 
whom  he  was  frequently  heard  in  his  sober  mo- 
ments to  compliment  for  her  resemblance  to  a 
wax  doll,  he  one  day,  whilst  suffering  from  mania- 
potu,  actually  shot  this  worthy  helpmate ;  and 
it  was  thought  that  this  tragic  occurrence  would 
break  up  the  watering  place.  But  not  so;  the 
crowds  increased,  and  many  who  had  previously 
staid  away  from  motives  of  economy,  or  from  want 
of  inclination,  now  went  to  see  the  man  who  had 
shot  his  wife,  and  the  wife  who  had  been  shot  by 


*  Mrs.  Richardson  is  still  living,  and  if  any  one  -wishes  to  see 
all  of  the  almanacs  printed  during  the  last  half  century,  it  is 
told  them  that  she  has  them  in  her  possession. 


OF   LYNCIIBURG.  333 

her  husband.  For  many  years  this  place  continued 
to  be  a  resort  for  parties  of  pleasure  and  for  mili- 
tary companies  to  hold  their  barbecues  on  the  4th 
of  July;  but  those  good  old  times  have  passed  away, 
and  military  parades,  so  suitable  on  that  day,  have 
given  way  to  pic-nic  parties  and  Sunday  school 
processions. 

Many  years  since,  Thurman's  Spring  came  into 
notice  :  bursting  out  from  a  large  conical  rock,  it 
was  considered  quite  a  curiosity ;  and,  in  addition 
to  its  strong  mineral  qualities,  the  water  was  re- 
markably cool  and  grateful.  The  ground  on  which 
it  stood  was  purchased  by  a  man  named  Williams, 
who  there  built  a  most  expensive  and  inconvenient 
house — the  room  designed  for  a  large  mercantile 
establishment,  extending  over  the  mineral  spring; 
and  a  large  brick  warehouse,  built  by  Williams  and 
standing  opposite,  gave  to  this  part  of  the  town  the 
name  of  Williamsburg.  The  warehouse  has  long 
since  been  destroyed — the  spacious  dwelling  house 
alone  remaining  to  attest  the  folly  of  the  builder. 
Mr.  Williams  occupied  it  but  a  short  time,  and 
then  the  building,  like  Oliver  Twist,  was  let  out  to 
any  one  whom  they  could  get  to  take  it.  At 
one  time,  the  Rev.  Samuel  Tompkins  rented  the 
apartment  containing  the  spring,  there  keeping  a 
school  for  boys ;  and,  whilst  they  drank  in  the  in- 
structions of  Mr.  Tompkins  in  classic  lore,  as  well 
as  of  the  humbler  branches,  going  up  to  drink  the 


334      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

chalybeate,  afforded  a  pleasant  relief  to  the  hum- 
drum of  a  school-room — and,  occasionally  too,  one 
of  the  more  daring  of  the  urchins  would,  to  the 
terror  of  the  more  timid,  act  a  pantomime  with  the 
water-gourd,  making,  like  Mr.  Swiveller,  imaginary 
eights  in  the  air,  and  then  acting  as  though  he  in- 
tended to  discharge  its  contents  on  the  head  of  this 
worthy  man.  For  some  years  this  house  was  occu- 
pied by  William  Thurmon,  a  son  of  the  venerable 
patriarch  of  our  town,  and  the  place  takes  its  name 
from  that  circumstance. 

Many  of  the  present  inhabitants  of  Lynchburg 
recollect  the  violent  hail-storm  occurring  in  the 
month  of  July,  1835.  The  storm  came  on  so  sud- 
denly that  there  was  no  time  to  shut  open  windows 
or  to  close  blinds,  in  consequence  of  which  nearly 
all  the  window-glass  in  town  was  broken.  The 
shrubs  and  trees  were  much  injured,  the  corn 
and  vegetables  destroyed ;  and,  after  the  storm, 
enough  hail  was  collected  to  last  several  days  for 
ice.  A  tragico-comico,  or  serio-comic  occurrence* 
happened  at  this  place  then.  A  young  lady  resid- 
ing there  was  to  be  married  in  a  few  days  ; — the 
wedding  cake  being  iced,  was  placed  to  dry  on  a 
table,  near  the  open  window,  and  the  bridal  attire, 


*  This  is  not  mentioned  on   our  own  authority:  it  was  re- 
lated by  Miss  ;  afterwards  Mrs. ,  of ,  now 

deceased. 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  335 

just  brought  home,  was  spread  out  on  a  couch,  not 
far  distant.  The  storm  coming  very  unexpectedly, 
the  panic  and  agitation  produced  by  the  noise  of 
the  hail  was  such,  that  the  cake  and  wedding  dress 
were  forgotten;  and,  after  it  was  over,  on  going 
into  the  room,  there  was  found  a  complete  mass  of 
muslin,  lace  and  hail-stones — and,  to  use  the  ex- 
pression of  old  Dr.  Humphreys,  the  cake  was  found 
"reduced  to  an  impalpable  powder." 

The  inhabitants  now  moved  to  the  west  end  of 
the  town  in  search  of  health  and  pleasure,  and 
Tate's  Spring  became  renowned,  as,  in  addition  to 
the  chalybeate,  this  spring  contained  a  solution  of 
sulphur.  The  place  was  owned  by  a  fine,  old  Vir- 
ginia gentleman,  Colonel  Tate,  who  was  a  great 
enthusiast  on  the  subject  of  machinery ;  and,  even 
at  that  early  date,  he  clearly  prophesied  railroads 
and  telegraphs,  and  those  steps  proposed  by  him  to 
advance  the  cause,  though  to  all  others  they  only 
seemed  vague  and  imaginary,  were  clearly  to  his 
mental  vision  a  glorious  ascent  to  the  very  summit 
of  the  hill  of  Science ;  and  it  is  to  be  much  regret- 
ted, that  this  good  man  did  not  live  to  witness  the 
vast  improvements  effected  in  his  favorite  branch — 
that  of  machinery.*     During  his  life,  he  was  en- 


*  Colonel  Tate  died  at  least  thirty-five  years  since,  and  at 
that  time  there  was  probably  not  a  railroad  in  America.  In 
the  Autumn  of  1830,  a  miniature  model  of  a  railroad  "was  ex- 


336  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

gaged  in  planning  splendid  improvements  at  the 
spring:  a  ball-room,  extending  from  one  hill  to 
another,  across  a  ravine ;  an  elegant  dining-hall ; 
and  a  company  of  musicians,  who  were  to  play  as 
near  as  possible  to  perpetual  motion ;  but,  before 
any  of  his  schemes  could  be  accomplished,  the 
solemn  messenger  called  him  hence.  His  venerable 
widow  survived  him  many  years,  dying  at  a  great 
age,  during  the  summer  of  1857. 

After  the  death  of  Col.  Tate,  a  ball-room  and  a 
few  cottages  were  erected  at  the  spring,  and,  during 
the  summer  of  1828,  balls  and  cotillion  parties  were 
held  there  occasionally ;  but  the  last  soiree  that 
took  place  there  was  attended  with  so  awful  a 
thunder  storm,  and  the  beauties  in  ball  costume 
looked  so  panic-stricken,  besides  being  deluged 
with  water  from  the  roof,  the  elderly  ladies,  who 
went  as  chaperones,  concluded  that  the  storm  was 
somewhat  a  judgment  on  them  for  seeking  pleasure 
out  of  town,  especially  as  there  was  a  great  revival 
of  religion  at  that  time  going  on  in  all  the  churches 
of  Lynchburg;  so  that  the  sound  of  music  and 
dancing  has  never  since  that  time  awoke  the  .echoes 
of  the  glens  and  valleys  of  Tate's  Spring. 


hibited  at  the  Franklin  Hotel  of  Lynchburg,  and  with  its  per- 
fect, little  cars,  it  was,  of  course,  viewed  with  great  interest 
and  curiosity. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  337 


BAPTIST  CHURCH  IN  LYNCHBURG. 

u  Our  venerable  brother  professed  religion  in  the 
twenty -ninth  year  of  his  age.  '  Without  conferring  with 
flesh  and  blood/  he  commenced  preaching,  immediately 
after  hi3  conversion,  in  the  county  of  Goochland,  where 
he  spent  the  first  few  years  of  his  ministry.  He  then 
removed  to  Lynchburg,  and  was  instrumental  in  gather- 
ing and  organizing  the  Church  of  that  place.  His  first 
sermon  was  preached  in  the  Courthouse." 

Religious  Herald — Memoir  of  Elder  J.  S.  Lee. 

The  Rev.  John  Lee  was,  for  a  long  time,  the 
faithful  pastor  of  the  Baptist  Church  in  Lynchburg. 
The  members  of  that  denomination  being  few  and 
his  salary  small,  it  was  rendered  necessary  for  him 
to  occupy  himself  during  the  week  as  a  carpenter, 
an  employment  rendered  more  sacred  and  honorable 
from  the  circumstance  of  our  Saviour,  when  on 
earth,  laboring  with  his  reputed  father  and  brethren 
at  that  occupation.  Mr.  Lee  did  much  good  by  his 
preaching,  but  his  influence  is  in  a  great  measure  to 
be  traced  to  his  mild,  peaceable  demeanor,  and  to 
the  happy,  cheerful   disposition  of  his  good  wife, 

29 


338      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

■who  was  a  native  of  Goochland  county  and  a  mem- 
ber of  one  of  the  best  families  in  that  section  of 
country. 

That  plain  old  structure,  the  Baptist  meeting- 
house, attracted  very  few  worldly  or  fashionable 
persons ;  yet  some  who  worshiped  within  its  walls, 
were  more  pure,  holy  and  lovely  than  could  else- 
where be  found.  Amongst  that  number  was  Mrs. 
Susan  Massie,  a  native  of  Goochland  county,  and 
a  sister  of  Mrs.  John  Lee. 

Mrs.  Massie  had  been  reared  by  a  devoted  aunt, 
and,  in  her  youth,  she  had  enjoyed  all  the  blessings 
and  advantages  of  an  unclouded  prosperity.  Very 
lovely  in  appearance,  courteous  and  refined  in  man- 
ners, it  is  not  strange  that  she  should  have  been 
admired,  and  her  hand  sought  in  marriage  by  many. 
She  became  the  wife  of  Gideon  Massie,  Esq.,  a 
member  of  that  family,  of  whom  was  General  Na- 
thaniel Massie,  one  of  the  early  pioneers  of  Ken- 
tucky. Some  years  after  their  marriage,  Mr.  and 
Mrs.  Massie  settled  in  Lynchburg,  where  Mr. 
Massie  employed  himself  in  school-teaching ;  and, 
though  he  exerted  himself  in  that  occupation,  his 
health  became  bad,  so  that  but  for  the  zeal  and 
energy  of  his  wife,  his  efforts  would  have  been  in- 
sufficient for  the  maintenance  of  his  family.  It 
was  in  this  hour  of  adversity  that  Mrs.  Massie,  by 
her  patient,  cheerful  industry  placed  her  family  on 
a   footing   with  that  of  the    best  and   highest   in 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  339 

Lynchburg.  A  few  tried  friends  of  her  youth,  and 
the  counsel  of  her  pious  minister  were  all  she  had 
on  which  to  depend ;  but  calmly  trusting  in  God, 
and  cheerfully  performing  her  duties,  Mrs.  Massie's 
Christian  character  was  doubtless  strengthened  by 
the  trials  so  patiently  borne ;  and,  in  after  years, 
she  blessed  God  for  the  sweet  uses  of  adversity, 
which  had  been  the  means  of  developing  in  her 
children  such  shining  qualities.  She  showed  them 
the  love  of  God;  she  taught  them,  next  to  a  holy 
trust  in  Him,  nothing  could  so  confer  happiness 
here,  as  a  diligent  pursuit  of  their  calling,  a  whole- 
some relish  and  love  for  their  employments.  Her 
precepts  were  blessed,  and  she  lived  to  see  her 
daughters  settled  in  life,  and  her  sons  prosperously 
succeeding  in  business.  During  a  visit  to  her  son 
Richard  Massie,  Esq.,  in  the  summer  of  1837,  Mrs. 
Massie  died  in  the  city  of  Richmond,  calmly  re- 
signing her  spirit  to  God,  and  giving  evidence  of 
the  strength  afforded  to  the  believer  in  the  solemn 
hour  of  death.  The  sons  of  Mrs.  Massie*  survive 
her,  and  her  youngest  daughter  is  a  resident  of 
Clarkesville,  North  Carolina.  Mrs.  Samuel  Burch, 
of  Lynchburg,  well  known  and  beloved  there,  is  a 
younger  sister  of  Mrs.  Massie. 

Judging  from    the  intense  curiosity  and  excite- 
ment produced  whenever  the  ordinance  of  Baptism 

*  William  0.  Massie,  Esq.,  is  a  merchant  of  New  York. 


340      SKETCHES  AND  KECOLLECTIONS 

was  administered,  we  may  infer  that  the  Baptist 
Church  at  this  period  made  few  accessions  to  their 
numbers.  About  the  year  1819,  the  whole  town 
was  thrown  into  a  state  of  enthusiasm  and  excite- 
ment by  the  intelligence  that  Miss  Maria  Gray 
was  to  be  baptized,  at  what  was  called  the  Little 
River,  and  crowds  repaired  to  the  spot  to  witness 
the  ceremony. 

On  a  bright,  lovely  Sabbath  morning,  previous  to 
the  hour  of  worship,  the  solemn  ordinance  took 
place,  and  the  sweet  rural  scenes  on  the  banks  of 
the  river,  and  the  rare  enjoyment  of  gathering  blue 
bottles  and  other  wild  flowers,  is  still  remembered 
with  pleasure.  Though  we  had  been  accustomed  to 
seeing  this  venerable  lady  almost  every  week  of  our 
then  brief  lives,  at  that  period,  yet,  when  the  car- 
riage was  seen  in  the  distance  bringing  her  to  the 
place  of  baptism,  such  was  the  excitement,  that  a 
general  rush  took  place  to  the  water  side,  in  unavail- 
ing efforts  to  get  the  first  glimpse  of  her,  as  she  de- 
scended from  the  conveyance ;  and  those  who  could 
not  get  near,  consoled  themselves  by  a  minute  ex- 
amination of  the  hack  and  driver,  which  they  only 
saw  every  day,  as  it  was  one  of  the  two  best  hacks 
of  which  Lynchburg  boasted,  and  which  were  driven 
by  Tom  Dyson  and  Archer  Higginbotham. 

Fortunately,  the  crowd  was  on  land ;  for  had 
they  been  standing  on  boats,  many  persons  must 
necessarily  have  been  precipitated  in   the  water, 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  341 

and  possibly  drowned.  Some  years  later,  during 
the  ministry  of  the  Rev.  Robert  Ryland,  three 
beautiful  young  girls*  were  baptized  in  the  month 
of  November,  1829.  The  interesting  ceremony 
took  place  in  the  evening,  and  as  they  stood  in  the 
water,  their  countenances,  radiant  with  holy  joy, 
were  farther  illuminated  by  the  departing  rays  of 
the  sun,  and  so  tenderly  impressive  was  the  scene, 
that  a  bird  hovering  over  them,  at  this  moment,  was 
pronounced  a  dove  by  one   of  that  excited  throng. 

Rev.  Dr.  Robert  Ryland  commenced  his  minis- 
try in  Lynchburg  about  the  year  1826  ;  and,  for  a 
brief  period,  the  old  Masonic  Hall  was  occupied 
by  his  society  as  a  place  of  worship.  Dr.  Ryland 
was  peculiarly  adapted  to  his  calling  ;  his  gentle- 
manly, winning  ways  giving  him  easy  access  to  the 
hearts  of  those  he  wished  to  impress :  and,  during 
his  residence  in  Lynchburg,  numbers  were  enrolled 
as  members  of  the  Baptist  Church,  and  a  bright 
example  was  afforded  by  him  of  all  that  constitutes 
the  Christian  minister.  During  the  summer  of 
1828,  a  great  work  of  God  was  going  on  in  Lynch- 
burg, in  all  the  churchesf — the  happiest  state  of 

*  Maria  Richardson,  (afterwards  Mrs.  Ryan,  of  Baltimore,) 
Miss  Fair  and  Miss  Rhoda  Halsey. 

f  There  were  three  young  ministers  in  Lynchburg,  at  that 
time,  Rev.  Dr.  Ryland,  Rev.  W.  A.  Smith,  of  the  Methodist 
Church,  and  Rev.  F.  G.  Smith,  of  the  Episcopal  Church. 


342      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

feeling  existed  amongst  the  ministers  of  the  several 
denominations  ;  and  for  a  time  they  all  felt  no  rival- 
ry, each  being  only  anxious  to  advance  the  kingdom 
of  the  Redeemer.  Many  young  persons  were 
awakened  at  the  Methodist  Church  by  the  powerful 
preaching  of  the  Rev.  W.  A.  Smith;  they  were 
gently  led  on  and  encouraged  by  the  Rev.  Robert 
Ryland,  who,  without  any  feeling  other  than  that  of 
Christian  love,  witnessed  the  going  over  of  many  of 
their  members  to  the  Episcopal  Church;  and  the 
sunrise  prayer-meetings  held  by  him  in  that  old 
Hall  were  the  resort  of  all,  and  of  many  who  pre- 
viously had  wasted  their  precious  hours  in  sleep. 
We  cannot  but  believe  that  those  seasons  were 
blessed,  and  that  the  good  seed,  then  sown,  fell  into 
many  hearts,  which,  though  late  in  bringing  forth 
fruit,  still  they  now  look  back  to  that  time,  and  be- 
lieve that  the  Spirit  of  God  was  then  striving  in 
their  hearts. 

A  new  Church  was  erected  a  few  doors  above 
the  Hall,  and  a  singular  arrangement  was  made  in 
the  interior.  The  pulpit  stood  between  the  two 
front  doors,  which  opened  upon  the  street,  and  the 
congregation  sat  facing  them  ;  and  it  was  said  that 
the  Church  was  so  constructed,  to  prevent  the  con- 
gregation turning  their  heads  around  on  the  arrival 
of  new  comers.  So  discouraging  to  the  pastor  is 
this  want  of  attention,  that  it  would  be  well  if  this 
plan  were  more  generally  adopted. 


OP   LYNCHBURG.  843 

In  the  year  1830,  Dr.  Ryland  was  united  in  mar- 
riage to  Josephine,  eldest  daughter  of  the  late 
Thomas  Norvelle,  Esq.,  of  Richmond,  and  niece  of 
the  late  Captain  William  Norvelle,  of  Lynchburg. 
Mrs.  Josephine  Ryland  was  a  lady  of  great  worth 
and  excellence,  admirably  calculated  to  adorn  the 
Christian  life,  and  by  her  lovely  demeanor  to  aid  her 
husband  in  winning  souls  to  God.  Dr.  Ryland  was 
appointed  President  of  the  Baptist  College  of  Rich- 
mond, and  Pastor  of  the  African  Church  of  that 
city.  His  able  course  in  this  literary  institution, 
and  his  devoted  piety  shown  in  his  preaching  to  the 
colored  population,  all  these  bind  him  as  closely  to 
our  warm  regard  as  did  his  conscientious  life  in 
Lynchburg.  His  excellent  wife  survived  her  re- 
moval to  Richmond  only  a  brief  period.  The  fol- 
lowing tribute  to  her  memory  appeared  at  the  time 
of  her  death  in  1846,  and  we  feel  thankful  for  the 
privilege  of  inserting  it  in  this  place : 

"Died,  on  Wednesday  evening,  the  28th  instant,  at 
the  Richmond  College,  Mrs  JosEPniNE  Ryland,  the 
wife  of  Elder  Robert  Ryland,  aged  thirty-nine  years. 
Mrs.  Ryland  made  a  profession  of  religion  about  sixteen 
years  since  in  Lynchburg,  where  her  husband  was  then 
pastor.  She  had,  however,  from  her  childhood  been  the 
subject  of  gracious  affections,  but  was  constrained  from  con- 
fessing them,  by  a  naturally  timid  disposition.  From  the 
time  of  her  baptism,  she  was  a  consistent,  devoted  and 
useful  Christian.     The  most  prominent  trait  of  her  reli- 


344  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

gious  character  was  her  love  of  the  Bible — she  read  it 
habitually,  methodically,  reverently.  It  sustained  her 
midst  her  trials,  and  imparted  a  sweet  tranquility  to  her 
temper,  gave  her  a  strong  but  noiseless  trust  in  the  faith- 
fulness of  God.  As  a  daughter,  she  was  devoted ;  as  a 
sister,  affectionate;  as  a  mother  judicious ;  as  a  friend, 
unwavering ;  as  a  wife,  the  heart  of  her  husband  could 
safely  trust  in  her.  She  loved  to  frequent  the  courts  of 
the  Lord's  house,  and  hear  the  plainest  and  most  heart- 
searching  exhibitions  of  truth.  From  the  funds  appro- 
priated to  her  wardrobe,  she  uniformly  reserved  a  tenth 
for  benevolent  objects  j  but  her  contributions  far  exceeded 
the  proportion.  When  she  drew  near  to  her  end,  she 
said  she  preferred  living  for  the  sake  of  her  family,  but 
was  resigned  to  the  Divine  disposal.  In  her  last  mo- 
ments she  seemed  much  engaged  in  prayer,  and  she  was 
free  from  fear,  trusted  in  the  Saviour,  but  experienced 
no  transports.  Her  death  was  like  her  life,  calm,  thought- 
ful, submissive.  She  has  left  four  children  on  earth,  and 
gone  to  be  united  with  four  who  have  preceded  her.  May 
her  meek  and  quiet  spirit,  and  her  self-denying  life,  be 
imitated  by  all  her  surviving  friends." 


[Since  the  above  was  written,  the  mournful  intelligence  of 
the  death  of  Elder  J.  S.  Lee  has  been  received.  The  memory 
of  this  beloved  and  excellent  man  is  blended  with  the  days 
of  infancy  and  childhood.  Would  that  our  limits  permitted 
the  insertion  of  the  beautiul  tribute  to  him  in  the  Religious 
Herald.  His  excellent  wife  survives  him,  residing  in  Charlotte 
county.] 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  845 


SUPERNATURAL    VISITORS. 

HAUNTED  HOUSE. 

We  may  ridicule  the  idea  of  ghosts  or  of  super- 
natural appearances,  but  there  is  in  mankind  a 
tendency  to  listen  with  interest  to  these  recitals, 
and  even  to  take  pleasure  in  them,  when  they 
make  a  cold  shudder  pass  over  us.  It  is  de- 
scribed as  the  peculiar  delight  of  Ichabod  Crane, 
on  long  winter  nights,  to  sit  by  the  fireside,  listen- 
ing to  the  awful  narratives  of  the  old  Dutch  wives ; 
whilst  a  row  of  apples  sputtered  and  roasted  at  the 
fire,  till  his  teeth  chattered  and  his  hairs  stood  on 
end,  so  that,  with  fear  and  trembling,  he  would 
again  encounter  the  deep,  gloomy  valleys  of  Sleepy 
Hollow.  This  fondness  for  the  marvellous  and 
supernatural  has,  at  different  times,  descended  on 
the  good  folks  of  Lynchburg,  as  will  be  perceived 
by  the  following  incidents  here  recorded: 

Many  years  since,  the  late  Mr.  ****,  a  profes- 
sional gentleman,  was  sitting  alone  in  his  parlor  on 
Sunday  night ;  his  family  having  retired  to  rest ; 


346  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

he  was  so  deeply  engaged  in  reading  as  to  heed 
nought  save  the  volume  in  his  hand.  The  front 
door  opened  noiselessly,  and,  ere  he  was  aware,  a 
tall,  pale  stranger  stood  before  him,  bareheaded 
and  clothed  in  white  garments.  Great  as  was  his 
surprise,  Mr.  ****  forgot  not  his  usual  courtesy, 
but  requested  the  stranger  to  be  seated.  "What 
is  your  name,  sir?"  said  Mr.  ****;  "and  may  I 
beg  to  know  if  you  have  business  with  me  ? ' 
"Sir,"  said  the  apparition,  "my  name  is  known 
only  to  the  Almighty,  who  has  it  written  in  the 
book  of  life."  "Where  are  you  from,  and  in  what 
direction  are  you  traveling?  "  "I  have  no  abiding 
city,"  said  the  spirit.  I  came  from  the  uttermost 
part  of  the  earth  to-day,  and  the  chariot  waits, 
which  will  to-night  convey  me  I  know  not  whither. 
I  have  heard  of  your  worth  and  virtues,  and,  in 
passing  over  this  place,  I  determined  to  tarry  with 
you  for  a  brief  period."  After  a  little  more  con- 
versation, the  strange  being  arose,  and  saying, 
"peace  be  to  this  house  and  all  within  it,"  he  van- 
ished as  noiselessly  as  he  had  entered.  Mr.  **** 
was  convinced  that  his  guest  was  insane,  and,  on 
the  following  morning,  the  incident  was  mentioned 
at  the  breakfast-table  to  the  family,  in  the  presence 
of  the  servants;  and  going  down  to  Main  street, 
his  suspicions  were  confirmed — learning  there  that 
the  man  was  on  his  way  to  the  Lunatic  Hospital  at 
Williamsburg :    but,   eluding   the    vigilance    of  his 


OF  LYNCHBURG.  347 

keepers,  he  had  for  a  short  time  escaped,  making 
the  visit  aforesaid  to  Mr.  ****. 

In  a  few  days,  the  most  thrilling  story  was  told 
all  over  Lynchburg,  and  not  a  doubt  was  thrown 
on  its  authenticity ;  for  it  was  said  and  confidently 
believed,  that  Mr.  ****  had  seen  and  conversed 
with  a  ghost.  Several  came  in  person  to  this  gen- 
tleman, hoping  to  have  the  truth  of  this  wonderful 
narrative  confirmed,  and  amongst  the  number  was 
the  late  Thomas  Wiatt,  Sr.,  who  confessed  himself 
much  disappointed,  when  Mr.  ****  explained  away 
the  supernatural,  by  informing  him  that  his  ghostly 
visitor  was  no  other  than  an  escaped  maniac. 

This  incident  was  quite  forgotten,  till  about 
twenty-six  years  since,*  when  one  night,  during  a 
protracted  meeting  held  in  Lynchburg,  a  preacher 

appeared  in  the  pulpit  of church.     He  bore 

the  name  of  ,  and  as  soon  as  he  began  to 

speak,  he  arrested  the  attention  of  the  congrega- 
tion by  his  striking  address,  which,  as  he  proceeded, 
warmed  into  eloquence,  till  seeming  to  lose  himself 
completely,  he  adored  his  Maker  for  his  mercy,  in 
thus  permitting  a  sane  man  to  address  in  that  place 
a  congregation ;  for,  that  many  years  previous,  he 
had  wandered  through  those  streets  a  fugitive  and 
a  lunatic ;  and  it  was  supposed  by  many,  that  even 
at  that  time,  Mr.  ****'s  supernatural  visitor  was 


*  It  is,  in  fact,  twenty-seven  years. 


348  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

somewhat  deranged,  for  his  language  even  then  was 
at  times  wild  and  incoherent. 


In  a  lone  situation,  on  the  left  of  the  old  Metho- 
dist graveyard,  is  a  large  white  house.*  It  may 
be  seen  from  almost  every  point  of  Lynchburg, 
and  when  viewed  from  Courthouse  Hill,  it  seems  to 
stand  on  the  horizon.  The  location  of  this  dwell- 
ing was  melancholy,  and,  consequently,  it  was  hard 
to  get  it  tenanted;  and,  in  fact,  it  was  somewhat 
like  "Lant  street,"  in  the  Pickwick:  "the  rents 
were  seldom  collected,  and  the  taxes  were  dubious." 

At  this  time  it  was  inhabited  by  several  poor 
families,  and  the  number  two,  up  stairs,  was  heard 
to  declare  that  strange  and  awful  noises  proceeded 
from  a  small,  adjoining  room.  Their  respected 
parent,  too,  was  one  day  sunning  himself  in  the 
yard,  by  way  of  killing  time,  when  a  strange  man, 
in  a  voluminous,  old-fashioned,  white  great  coat, 
appearing,  offered  to  him  the  usual  salutations  with 
great  solemnity ;  at  the  same  time  informing  the 
lodger,  that  he  had  been  murdered  and  thrown  into 


*  At  the  time  of  its  erection,  this  house  laid  some  claim  to 
architectural  proportions.  It  was  built  at  the  same  time  with 
the  house  purchased  and  improved  by  Mr.  William  Bailey,  but 
now  owned  and  occupied  by  Mr.  Christian. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  349 

the  well,  which  stood  in  the  yard ;  and  that  if  he 
would  go  into  the  small  room  adjoining  his  own, 
that  he  would  find  blood,  not  upon  "  a  dinted 
sword,"  but  on  the  floor  of  that  small  room,  which 
had  been  the  scene  of  his  murder.  The  ghost  also 
assured  the  number  two  that  he  should  continue  to 
walk  the  earth,  like  the  wandering  Jew,  until  he 
was  buried  in  a  Christian  manner,  and  he  urged 
the  lodger,  for  the  sake  of  his  own  soul,  to  have  his 
remains  removed  from  the  watery  grave  in  which 
they  lay.  The  story  gained  ground ;  crowds  going 
to  the  house  to  see  the  blood-stained  floor,  and  to 
listen  to  the  horrid  recital.  Some  actually  paid  to 
see  the  room ;  whilst  many,  at  parting,  would  offer 
a  gratuity  to  the  worthy  lodger  for  his  work  of 
imagination;  and,  of  course,  when  thus  encouraged, 
the  narrative  improved,  fresh  horrors  being  con- 
stantly superadded.  But,  unhappily  for  the  con- 
clusion of  this  wonderful  romance,  the  mystery  of 
the  bloody  chamber  was  unravelled,  by  its  being 
proved  to  have  been  the  packing-room  of  a  large 
pork  dealer ;  and  it  was  found  out,  too,  that  the 
occupant  of  number  two  had,  on  former  occasions, 
not  been  at  all  scrupulous  about  telling  the  truth, 
particularly  when  any  thing  could  be  made  by  the 
contrary. 

The  incident  of  the  self-rocking  cradle  is  of  too 
recent  date,  and  the  facts  too  well  known  in  Lynch- 
burg, to  need  here  any  comment.     Perhaps,  the 
30 


350  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

cradle  was  slightly  in  advance  of  the  tables  of  the 
spiritual  rappers ;  but  the  science  of  steam  was  not 
so  perfect,  and  the  mysteries  of  the  telegraph  un- 
discovered ;  therefore,  the  march  of  intellect  had 
not  then  arrived  at  that  point  that  would  permit  us 
to  understand  the  numerous  signs  given  by  this 
most  intelligent  cradle ;  in  consequence  of  which, 
spiritual  rapping  had  there  to  lay  quietly  in  this, 
its  resting  place,  till  brought  out,  about  twelve 
years  since,  by  the  Fish  family. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  851 


DANIEL    SHEFFEY. 

"  When  we  admit  the  omnipotence,  we  are  bound 
likewise  to  admit  the  omniscience  of  the  Deity ;  and 
presumptuous,  indeed,  must  that  man  be  who  overlooks 
the  contractedness  of  his  own  intellectual  vision,  or  as- 
serts that,  because  he  cannot  see  a  reason  for  a  supernatu- 
ral interference,  none  therefore  can  exist  in  the  eye  of 

the  Supreme." 

Barrington. 

Daniel  Sheffey  was  a  native  of  Frederick, 
Maryland ;  but,  at  an  early  age,  emigrating  to  Vir- 
ginia, he  settled  in  the  town  of  Staunton,  where 
entirely  by  his  own  exertions,  he  so  arose  in  his 
profession  as  to  become  one  of  the  most  distinguish- 
ed lawyers  in  the  State  of  his  adoption,  and  the 
memory  of  his  active,  brilliant,  useful  career  conti- 
nues to  throw  a  lustre  not  only  on  his  surviving 
family,  but  yet  illumines  scenes  far  in  the  past  of 
long  ago,  in  which  he  was  a  participator. 

For  some  years  Mr.  Sheffey  was  a  visitor  of 
Lynchburg  in  the  months  of  May  and  October,  at 
which  time  Judge  Creed  Tylor  there  held  his  Chan- 


352  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

eery  courts ;  and  it  is  regarded  as  one  of  the  privi- 
leges of  childhood  to  have  seen  frequently  this 
remarkable  man  in  social  converse  with  those  re- 
vered ones  who  too  have  since  passed  away,  and  who 
at  that  time  so  adorned  the  bar  of  upper  Virginia. 
During  the  last  sitting  of  the  old  Chancery  Court 
in  Lynchburg,  Mr.  Sheffey  was,  as  usual,  in  atten- 
dance ;  his  health  appeared  perfect,  and  his  brother 
lawyers  had  never  before  known  his  mind  more  ac- 
tive and  discriminating ;  and  knowing  that  the  same 
band  would  probably  never  all  again  assemble  in 
the  good  old  town,  there  was  amongst  them  a  pecu- 
tiarly  kind  feeling,  amounting,  in  some  instances,  to 
a  touching,  maLly  demonstration  of  regret,  as  the 
hour  approached  when  they  must  forever  leave  a 
scene  endeared  by  past  recollections.     Mr.  Sheffey 

had  dined  at  the  house  of  Mr. ,  and  towards 

sunset  the  party  adjourned  to  the  Franklin  Hotel 
to  spend  the  evening ;  and  when  the  fraternity 
parted,  after 

"A  heart-warm  fond  adieu," 

Mr.  Sheffey  with  several  other  gentlemen  retired  to 
his  apartment.  In  the  night  he  awakened  the  late 
Peachy  Gilmer,*  telling  him  that  he  had  had  a  most 
distressing  dream.  Mr.  Gilmer  told  him  that  there 
was  no  reliance  to  be  placed  in  dreams,  and  per- 

*  The  impression  at  the  time  was,  that  it  was  Mr.  Gilmer, 
though  it  might  have  been  another  member  of  the  bar. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  353 

suaded  him  to  endeavor  to  compose  himself  again  to 
sleep.  In  less  than  an  hour,  Mr.  Sheffey  again 
awakened  his  friend,  saying  that  the  same  distress- 
ing dream  had  returned  to  him,  and  he  would  now 
recount  it  to  him.  He  said :  "  I  dreamed  that  I 
was  on  my  way  to  Staunton,  and  that  I  stopped  for 
a  time  at  my  farm  in  Augusta,  some  miles  from  my 
home.  I  was  sitting  by  the  door  of  the  farmhouse, 
when  I  saw  a  very  singular  appearance  in  the  clouds, 
wThich  floated  on  the  air,  till  the  apparition  was  so 
near  as  for  me  distinctly  to  see  and  recognize  the 
features  of  my  beloved  wife,  who,  with  a  mournful 
countenance  and  deep,  solemn  voice,  waved  to  me 
her  hand,  saying  '  Farewell,  we  have  parted  never 
again  to  meet  on  earth.'  " 

The  morning  light  dissipated  the  sombre  feeling 
produced  by  this  vision,  and  it  was  on  the  follow- 
ing day  spoken  of  by  the  friends  of  Mr.  Sheffey, 
who  had  taken  leave  of  him  on  his  return  to  Staun- 
ton. In  less  than  three  days  from  this  time,  the 
intelligence  was  received  in  Lynchburg,  that  Mr. 
Sheffey  had  died  very  suddenly  at  his  farm  near 
Staunton,  never  again  beholding  his  happy  home 
and  devoted  family. 


354  SKETCHES   AND   RECOLLECTIONS 


PHILIP    DODDRIDGE. 

"  Philip  Doddridge,  who  died  at  Washington,  in  1832, 
■while  a  member  of  Congress,  was  from  Wellsburg.  He 
was  scarcely  less  celebrated  in  Western  Virginia  for  his 
eloquence  and  splendid  talents,  than  was  Patrick  Henry, 
in  his  day,  in  the  oldest  portions  of  the  State." 

Howe's  History  of  Virginia. 

This  eminent  man  occasionally  visited  the  city 
of  Lynchburg.  He  was  a  member  of  the  Conven- 
tion, held  in  Richmond,  in  the  winter  of  1830,  for 
the  purpose  of  revising  our  Constitution;  and,  on 
his  way  to  that  city,  he  for  a  short  time  remained 
in  Lynchburg,  and  visited  a  gentleman  there,  to 
whom  he  related  the  following  incident :  * 

Governor  Poindexter  lived  to  read  and  reply  to 


*  The  incident  is  recorded  precisely  in  the  words  of  the 
gentleman  to  whom  it  was  related  by  Mr.  Doddridge,  and  no 
doubt  has  ever  been  thrown  on  the  story.  For  a  detailed 
account  of  Mr.  Doddridge's  talents  and  wonderful  literary 
attainments,  see  Howe's  History  of  Virginia,  page  197. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  355 

his  own  obituaries,  some  of  them  not  very  compli- 
mentary ;  and  the  noble  Athelstone,  in  Scott's 
Ivanhoe,  attended  his  own  funeral,  and,  to  use  the 
expression  of  Cedric,  was  no  doubt  highly  gratified 
at  the  manner  in  which  it  was  conducted ;  whilst 
Mr.  Doddridge  did  not  exactly  arrive  at  either  of 
these  points ;  but,  after  a  spell  of  illness,  he  was 
supposed  by  his  friends  to  be  dead,  and  was  put  in 
all  the  dread  array  of  the  grave  for  more  than 
twelve  hours,  expecting  every  moment  the  arrival 
of  his  own  coffin ;  and,  whilst  listening  to  the 
agonized  moans  of  his  wife,  he  was  unable  to  give 
the  slightest  intimation  that  he  was  still  alive.  He 
had,  when  in  health,  exacted  from  her  a  promise 
that  she  would  not,  for  thirty-six  hours,  permit  his 
body  to  be  interred,  and  that,  during  that  time, 
she  would  use  every  means  for  his  restoration  to 
life.  His  only  hope  was  in  her,  and  he  could  dis- 
tinctly hear  her  entreat  the  persons  sitting  around 
to  try  to  revive  him ;  and  how  he  inwardly  shud- 
dered to  hear  them  say  to  her,  that  efforts  would 
be  unavailing,  for  that  the  vital  spark  had  certainly 
fled ;  but  how  his  heart  gave  a  feeble  throb,  when 
she,  with  the  firm  resolve  of  a  faithful,  loving  wife, 
persisted  in  using  means  until  he  gave  signs  of 
life ;  and  when,  in  the  course  of  an  hour  or  two,  he 
folded  her  in  a  rapturous  embrace,  can  our  imagin- 
ation picture  any  thing  more  thrilling  than  this 
joyful  re-union  of  a  wife  with  one  whom  all  had 


356      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

imagined  as  having  passed  through  the  dark  Valley 
of  the  Shadow  of  Death ! 

Several  who  had,  at  times,  kept  watch  by  the 
body  of  Mr.  Doddridge,  were  quite  curious  to  know 
if  he  had  heard  every  thing  that  had  occurred 
during  his  trance;  and,  on  his  affirming  that  he 
had,  one  of  the  watchers  expressing  his  disbelief, 
Mr.  Doddridge  replied :  "  Sir,  I  will  convince  you 
that  I  did  hear ;  for  whilst  you  were  watching  by 
me  with  your  son,  you  made  him  repeat  the  Fourth 
of  July  oration  he  is  soon  to  deliver."  The  confu- 
sion evinced  by  the  gentleman,  satisfied  all  that 
Mr.  Doddridge  was  correct. 

This  incident  exhibits  the  impropriety  of  secular 
conversation  being  carried  on  whilst  keeping  vigil 
over  the  dead.  We  know  not  but  that  there  may 
still  be  a  mysterious  sympathy  between  the  immor- 
tal soul  and  its  frail  tenement  of  clay ;  we  are  too 
apt  to  think  that  life  ceases  with  the  rising  and  fall- 
ing of  the  lungs ;  but  this  is  not  always  the  case ; 
and  even  should  the  spirit  have  departed,  and  no 
longer  manifest  itself  outwardly,  we  are  prone  to 
think  that  a  great  immensity  of  space  is  between 
us ;  whereas,  we  are  told  that  Heaven  is  very  near 
us,  though  the  veil  of  flesh  prevents  our  being  sen- 
sible of  it ;  and  who  can  say  but  that  "  our  lost 
friend  is  still  here  mysteriously,  even  as  we  are 
here  mysteriously  with  God?" 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  357 


BURIAL  PLACES  OF  LYNCHBURG. 

PRESBYTERIAN     GRAVEYARD — OLD     METHODIST     BURY- 
ING  GROUND. 

"  The  breezy  call  of  incense-breathing  morn, 

The  swallows  twittering  from  their  straw-built  shed  ; 
The  cock's  shrill  clarion,  or  the  echoing  horn, 
No  more  shall  rouse  them  from  their  lowly  bed." 

For  them  no  more  the  blazing  hearth  shall  burn, 

Or  busy  housewife  ply  her  evening  care  ; 
Nor  children  run  to  lisp  their  sire's  return, 

Or  climb  his  knees  the  envied  kiss  to  share." 

Gray's  Elegy  in  a  Country  Churchyard. 

The  most  ancient  burying  ground  of  Lynchburg, 
was  the  lot  on  which  now  stands  the  residence  of 
Henry  Dunnington,  Esq.  Many  of  the  first  in- 
habitants still  lie  there,  though  some  were  removed 
to  the  Methodist  graveyard,  which,  for  a  length  of 
time,  was  then  the  only  place  of  sepulture  in  Lynch- 
burg. A  tablet  sacred  to  the  memory  of  John 
Brown,  of  Scotland,  was  removed  from  the  former 
place,  and  now  stands  in  the  Methodist  burying 
ground. 

With  the   exception  of  the  new  Cemetery,  re- 


358  SKETCHES   AND   KECOLLECTIONS 

cently  organized,  the  Presbyterian  graveyard  is 
the  most  modern  place  of  the  sort  in  Lynchburg.  It 
was  first  established  in  1823  or  '24,  and  it  was  then 
a  dreary  spot,  without  shade  or  verdure,  but  by 
tender,  diligent  culture  of  surviving  friends,  trees 
have  sprung  up,  waving  their  leafy  branches  over 
the  resting  places  of  the  departed;  the  grass  has 
overspread  those  sacred  enclosures,  whilst  roses 
have  blossomed,  resembling,  in  their  beauty,  the 
sweet,  early  day-spring  of  life,  and,  in  their  de- 
caying fragrance,  meet  emblem  of  those  grateful 
memories  of  the  past,  connected  with  the  holy  and 
reverenced  dead  who  there  repose. 

In  this  place  are  many  fine  monuments,  some  of 
a  gorgeous  and  costly  style  ;  but  there  is  not  one 
which  so  impresses  the  passers-by  as  that  of  the 
late  Mrs.  Murrel,  of  Mount  Holly,  bearing  this 
simple  inscription,  "To  our  Mother;"  and  more 
touching  is  this  simple  record  of  the  devoted  affec- 
tion of  her  children,  than  even  that  most  celebrated 
work  of  art,  the  tomb  of  Madame  Langhans.* 

*  The  tomb  of  Madame  Langhans,  near  Berne,  in  Switzer- 
land, mentioned  by  Madame  de  Genlis,  and  also  a  subject  of 
one  of  Mrs.  Hemans's  small  poems.  (For  description,  see  Mrs. 
Hemans's  poems  ;  and  second  volume  of  "  Tales  of  the  Castle," 
by  Madame  de  Genlis.)  At  the  sound  of  the  trumpet  of  the 
angel  Gabriel,  the  figure  of  Madame  Langhans  is  represented 
bursting  the  tomb,  her  infant  children  in  her  arms,  and  sup- 
posed to  be  saying  "Behold  me  Lord,  with  the  children  thou 
hast  given  me !" 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  359 

There  is  much  in  this  sacred  spot  that  stirs  too 
painfully  the  past  to  allow  us  to  linger  there,  and 
we  will  leave  its  hallowed  enclosure,  to  wander 
amongst  the  graves  of  those  loved  ones,  over  whose 
mournful  loss  time  has  gently  laid  its  healing  hand. 

The  place  most  consecrated  to  the  memories  of 
departed  friendship  is  the  old  Methodist  graveyard 
of  Lynchburg.  The  lonely  seclusion  of  the  spot, 
the  Sabbath-silence  of  the  surrounding  hills,  un- 
broken save  by  the  drowsy  tinkling  wagon-bells,  the 
slow,  measured  chant  of  the  drivers,  and  the  dirge 
sung  amid  the  grove  by  wandering  winds — the  tow- 
ering Peaks  of  Otter,  seeming,  like  the  mount  of 
God,  to  overhang  the  cemetery,  whilst  the  bright 
clouds  encircling  the  summit,  vividly  suggest  the 
gates  of  Heaven,  whose  golden  portals  are  ever 
opened  wide  to  admit  the  glorified  spirits  of  the 
departed.  All  these  surround  this  burial  place  with 
holy,  cheerful  associations,  which  have  served  to 
divest  sepulchral  rites  of  the  gloomy  ideas  with 
which  they  are  connected. 

The  earliest  remembrance  of  death  and  burial  is 
linked  with  this  cemetery.  Ann  Eliza,  the  young 
and  blooming  bride  of  John  Hampden  Pleasants, 
was  thirty-eight  years  since  here  interred  ;  and, 
whilst  yet  incapable  of  understanding  that  one  so 
fair  and  lovely  could  die,  this  solemn  scene  was 
witnessed.    The  tones  of  the  venerable  pastor  were 


360      SKETCHES  AND  RECOLLECTIONS 

heard  in  touching  accents,  and  his  voice  trembled, 
as  he  told  that  he  had  educated  her,  performed  for 
her  the  marriage  ceremony,  preached  her  funeral 
sermon,  and  now  he  stood  in  silent  grief,  as  the 
earth  was  heaped  over  the  pride  of  her  family  as 
well  as  of  her  native  place  ;  and  schoolmates  stood 
around,  many  giving  way  to  audible  grief ;  and  when 
the  hillock  was  raised  over  Ann  Eliza,  they  turned 
away  awe-stricken  and  bewildered  that  so  short  a 
pathway  intervened  betwixt  Time  and  Eternity. 

Not  far  off  may  be  seen  the  graves  of  Mrs. 
Tucker  and  Rosalie,  Mrs.  Daniel  and  Eliza;  and, 
at  a  short  distance  removed,  lies  the  good  and  be- 
loved Mrs.  Elizabeth  Morgan,  and,  by  her  side,  her 
eldest  son  Gavin  Morgan;  and  near  at  hand  is 
the  grave  of  the  unfortunate  young  man,  Parham 
Adams,  who  was  killed  by  the  explosion  of  his  soda 
fountain ;  whilst,  under  the  shade  of  spreading 
oaks,  is  to  be  seen  the  stranger's  grave.*  She  was 
a  lovely  young  wife,  only  resting  in  Lynchburg  to 
recover  strength  for  a  journey  to  the  mountains ; 
but  the  invalid  never  reached  our  healing  waters. 
Sinking  rapidly  under  her  disease,  she  died  in  our 
town,  whilst  ever  and  anon  her  fevered  lips  mur- 
mured fond  words  of  home  and  children,  whom  she 
was  destined  never  more  to  behold.     No  stone  or 


*  Her  name  was  never  told,  but  her  grave  is  not  far  from  that 
of  Mrs.  Ann  Hancock. 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  361 

sculptured  marble  marks  the  spot,  but  her  agonized 
husband  had  her  grave  enclosed,  and,  with  touch- 
ing affection,  he  planted  around  it  the  fairest  and 
sweetest  flowers,  frail  monuments !  which  have  con- 
tinued to  blossom  and  shed  around  their  fragrance, 
when  he  that  planted  and  they  who  nurtured  and 
tended,  have  long  since  alike  reposed  beneath  the 
clods  of  the  valley. 

About  the  centre  of  the  graveyard  is  a  tombstone 
sacred  to  the  memory  of  twin-brothers,  born  in  Cork, 
Ireland.  Emigrating  to  America  in  all  the  buoy- 
ancy of  hope  and  youth,  they  trod  together  the 
pathway  of  life,  in  love  and  unity,  and  God  in  ten- 
der mercy  permitted  them  in  death  to  be  undivided. 

On  the  outside  of  this  burial  ground,  in  a  small 
enclosure,  lie  the  remains  of  Marian  Fontaine,  wife 
of  Dr.  Landon  Cabell.  She  died  early  in  the 
winter  of  1834,  and  it  was  one  of  her  last  requests 
that  she  might  here  be  buried,  in  sight  of  the 
beautiful  mountains  surrounding  her  native  place. 
Cultivated,  accomplished  and  beloved,  Mrs.  Marian 
Cabell  passed  away  just  as  she  had  reached  the 
age  of  twenty-five ;  and  sweet,  though  mournful,  is 
the  recollection  of  this  gifted  woman,  whose  calm 
death-bed  was,  doubtless,  a  precursor  of  that  hea- 
venly rest  into  which  she  has  long  since  entered, 
and  where  she  now  delights  in  joining  the  angelic 
choir  in  ascribing  praises  to  the  Most  High. 
31 


362  SKETCHES  AND   RECOLLECTIONS 

Our  meditations,  at  this  sacred  spot,  must  now 
come  to  a  close,  yet  we  would  fain  linger  awhile, 
feeling  that  "it  is  good  to  be  here,"  that  we  may 
draw  more  instruction  from  the  graves  of  the  just 
and  good,  long  since  passed  away.  Let  us  for  a  mo- 
ment, more  fully  realize  that  we  too  shall,  ere  long, 
lie  in  the  silent  grave,  and  let  us  examine  ourselves 
whether  our  walk  and  example  are  such,  that,  after 
the  lapse  of  thirty-eight  years,  they  shall  be  worthy 
of  being  brought  forward  as  examples  worthy  of 
imitation.  Would  that  the  words  here  written 
might  stimulate  all  "to  press  onwards"  to  the  mark 
of  their  high  calling,  making  them  sensible  that  no 
one,  ever  so  obscure,  can  live  in  the  world,  without 
possessing  some  influence  for  good  or  ill. 

May  the  daughters  of  Lynchburg  endeavor  to 
imitate  the  diligence,  industry  and  simplicity  of 
those  gone  before,  so  that  in  future  years,  eighteen 
hundred  and  fifty-eight  may  be  remembered  as  the 
time  when  a  strong  will  was  put  forth  to  resist  the 
allurements  of  luxury  and  fashion,  and  when  the 
cultivation  of  mind  and  heart  was  considered  para- 
mount; and  when,  mingled  with  countless  bless- 
ings, trials  and  adversities,  incident  to  mortal  exist- 
ence, were  patiently  and  cheerfully  borne,  and 
with  the  eye  of  faith  even  welcomed  by  believers  as 
so  many  phases  of  human  life,  designed  by  an  all- 
wise,  Heavenly  Father  for  the  promotion  of  our 
spiritual  progress ;  and  should  the  preceding  chap- 


OF   LYNCHBURG.  363 

ters  have  made  the  smallest  impression,  they  will 
not  have  been  written  in  vain. 

"  Lo!  what  a  cloud  of  witnesses 
Encompass  us  around  ! 
Those  once  like  us  by  suffering  tried, 
But  now  by  virtue  crowned. 

Let  us,  with  zeal  like  theirs  inspired, 

Strive  in  the  Christian  race  ; 
And,  freed  from  every  weight  of  sin, 

Their  holy  footsteps  trace. 


FINIS. 


