NYPL  RESEARCH  LIBRARIES 


3  3433  08044690  3 


I 


%ry 


a(yrvO/}^  ^Cid/i^  C^oTcC 


LETTERS  FROM  THE  SOUTH. 


%tmt^  from  t^c  ^outfi, 

WRITTEN    DURING 

AN  EXCURSION  IN  THE  SUMMER  OF 

1816. 


BV  THE  AUTHOR  OF 

JOHN  BULL  AND  BROTHER   JONATHAN,  ^c.  ^x. 

Rident  em  dicere  rerum  quid  vetat  1    Horace. 
^'V^'i'i- 

IN    TWO   VOLUMES. 

VOL.  n. 

NEW- YORK : 

PUBLISHED  BY  JAMES  EASTBVRN  fr  CO. 

AT    THE     LITERARY     ROOMS,     BROADWAV,     CORNER     OF 
PINE-ST&EET. 

Abraham  F^ttc  printer. 

¥• 


PDBUC  LIBRARY 

17(1/48 

•rffHP'^'   l-ENOX    AND 
TILDEh  FOUNDATION8 

1900. 


Smitherti  District  of  J^ew-York,  ss- 

BE  IT  REMEMBERED,  that  on  the  fifteenth  day  of  October,  111  iin 
forty-second  year  of  the  Independence  of  the  United  States  of  Ame- 
lica,  James  Eastbvm  S(  Co.  of  the  said  district,  hath  deposited  in  this 
office  the  title  of  a  book,  the  right  whereof  they  claim  as  rroprietors,  in 
ihe  words  following,  to  wit : 

"  Letters  from  tho  South  ;  written  during  an  excursion  in  the  summei 
»f  1816.     By  the  Author  of  John  Bull  and  Brother  Jonathan,  &c.  &c. 

Ridentein  dicere  venim  quid  vetat?    Horach." 

In  conformity  to  the  act  of  the  Congress  of  the  United  States,  entitled 
"  an  Act  for  the  encouragement  of  Learning,  by  securing  the  copies  of 
Maps,  Charts,  and  Books  to  the  authors  and  proprietors  of  such  copies, 
during  the  times  therein  mentioned."  And  also  to  an  Act,  entitled  "  an 
\ct  supplementary  to  an  Act,  entitled  an  Act  for  the  encouragement  of 
Learning,  by  securing  the  copies  of  Maps,  Charts,  and  Books  to  the  au- 
thors and  proprietors  of  such  copies,  during  the  times  therein  mention- 
rd,  and  extending  the  benefits  thereof  to  the  arts  of  designing,  engrav- 
insT,  and  etching  historical  and  other  prints. 

CHARLES  FINN, 
Clerk  of  the  Southern  District  of  JK'exo-York. 


LETTER  XXII, 


DEAR  FRANK, 

The  other  day,  in  taking  a  ramble  from  the 
Spring,  I  came  to  a  where  a  fine  trout  stream  of  a 
most  promising  appearance  skirted  the  foot  of  a 
long  rambling  hill.  The  sight  of  this  brook  re- 
vived my  old  propensity  to  fishing,  which  I  ascribe 
to  having  early  in  life  fallen  in  with  honest  Isaac 
Walton's  work  on  angling ;  to  my  mind,  one  of 
the  most  pleasant  books  in  the  language.  He 
mingles  so  much  of  a  taste  for  natural  beauty,  so 
much  of  poetical  feeling  and  description,  and  so 
much  genuine  simplicity,  with  his  art,  that  one 
can't  help  loving  the  honest  fisherman.  The  book 
begins  with  a  dialogue  between  a  fowler,  a  hunter, 
and  an  angler;  in  which  each  endeavours  to  es- 
tablish the  superiority  of  his  favourite  amusement. 
Honest  Walton,  as  might  be  expected,  gives  the 


best  of  the  argument  to  the  latter,  who,  1  remem- 
ber, demonstrates  the  superiority  of  his  art  by  prov- 
ing that  a  majority  of  the  apostles  were  fishermen. 
I  borrowed  a  fishing-rod  from  a  miller  near  by, 
and  followed  the  brook  some  miles  without  catch- 
ing a  fish  of  any  kind ;  either  because  there  were 
none,  or  that  the  little  wretches  would  not  come 
and  be  caught.  I  was  always  in  hopes  of  catch- 
ing them,  however;  and  this,  I  take  it,  after  all,  is 
the  great  pleasure  of  fishing  and  fowling.  Trout 
do  not  abound  so  greatly  in  the  mountain  streams 
to  the  south,  as  they  do  in  the  north.  "  The 
chubb,  chiven,  or  knob,"  as  Walton  calls  him,  is 
common  in  many  places ;  but  the  most  singular 
fish  in  this  part  of  the  world  is  called  the  stone- 
iottr^  whose  brow  is  surmounted  with  several 
little  sharp  horns,  by  the  aid  of  which  he  toUs 
small  flat  stones  from  one  part  of  the  brook  to 
another  more  quiet,  in  order  to  make  a  snug  little 
circular  inclosure,  for  his  lady  to  lie  in  safely. 
This  is  truly  a  most  ancient  and  fishlike  gallantry, 
and  right  worthy  the  imitation  of  all  bad  hus- 
bands. 

*  Tofc,— To  carry  with  laboarj  to  lug  along. 


I  am  assured  by  gentlemen  of  veracity,  that  this 
part  of  the  natural  history  of  the  stone-toter  is 
actually  true,  though  I  suppose  the  orthodox  na- 
turalists will  scout  it,  because  it  is  not  yet  found  in 
print,  that  I  know  of.  These  good  people,  the 
naturalists,  make  a  certain  code  of  laws,  which 
they  are  pleased  to  call  the  laws  of  nature,  and 
which,  if  the  poor  lady  happens  to  transgress,  she 
is  accused  of  committing  a  grand  faux  paux,  and 
her  reputation  grievously  assailed.  They  will,  no 
doubt,  call  this  account  of  our  polite  fish  a  vul- 
gar erroi',  as  they  do  every  thing  of  which  they 
are  ignorant  themselves;  in  pure  spite,  because 
other  people  discovered  it  before  them.  But  I 
am  sure  the  vulgar  errors  of  the  wise  are  tenfold 
greater  than  those  of  the  ignorant.  How  many 
learned  theories,  the  result  of  most  laborious  stu- 
pidity, have  we  seen  pass  away,  like  shadows,  at 
the  dawn  of  day,  only  to  give  place  to  others  more 
stupidly  absurd ;  v/hile  the  results  of  the  daily  ex- 
perience of  the  unlearned  remain  the  same,  yes- 
terday, to-day,  and  for  ever.  The  learned  would 
contradict  them  if  they  dared,  because  they  can't 
explain  them;  like  the  worthy  gentleman  who 
would  not  believe   his  hat  was  blown   from  his 


head,  till  he  had  consulted  the  fashionable  theory 
of  winds. 

As  I  had  heard  much  of  the  rattlesnakes  and 
moccasins  that  infest  these  regions,  I  was  on  the 
look  out  for  them  during  this  little  excursion : 
but  1  did  not  meet  a  single  one,  nor  do  1  believe 
they  are  by  any  means  common.  But  I  must  tell 
you  a  story  I  heard  from  a  honest  man,  at  whose 
cabin  I  stopt  awhile  to  rest  myself  along  the 
brook.  Before  1  begin  the  story,  however,  I  will 
give  you  a  sketch  of  his  establishment,  which  will 
serve  for  a  specimen  of  the  people  of  these  moun- 
tains. 

His  castle — every  man's  house  is  his  castle,  you 
know, — ergo,  every  house  is  a  castle — was  placed 
at  the  foot  of  the  sunny  side  of  a  high  hill,  for  the 
convenience  of  sunning  the  children ;  a  practice 
equivalent  to  meat,  drink,  washing,  and  lodging, 
to  these  little  rogues.  It  also  turns  their  hair 
white;  which  is  considered  a  great  beauty  in  a 
country  where  all  men  are  born  free  and  equal, 
and  the  blacks  are  slaves.  It  contained  one  large 
room,  and  a  garret,  that  was  ascended  by  a  ladder, 
which,  by  the  by,  was  quite  unnecessary,  as  they 
might  have  made  a  pair  of  stairs  of  the  children. 


who  were  of  all  sizes,  in  regular  gradation,  from 
eighteen  inches  to  six  feet.  It  was  a  perfect  bee- 
hive, full  of  living  things.  About  the  mantel- 
piece, or  where  mantelpieces  usually  are,  was  an 
almanac,  a  comb-case,  and  several  spools  of  cot- 
ton, and  about  the  fireplace  lay  a  cat  and  dog  fast 
asleep,  while  a  little  pig  was  smelling  about,  as  is 
usual  with  that  busy  race.  Nothing  can  give  a 
more  striking  picture  of  the  peace  and  quietude 
of  a  country  cottage,  than  to  see  the  antipathies 
of  animals  thus  completely  reconciled  within  its 
homely  walls. 

The  good  woman  of  the  house  was  turning  a 
large  spinning-wheel,  and  ever  and  anon,  as  she 
passed  back  and  forth,  touched  a  cradle  with  her 
foot,  in  which  reposed  the  youngest  hope  of  the 
house,  lulled  to  repose  by  the  sonorous  humming 
of  the  wheel.  Two  little  urchins  sat  at  the  door 
munching  apples,  with  heads  rather  whiter  than 
their  faces ;  two  little  boys  were  drawing  hides 
from  a  rat  near  the  house  ;  two  stout  lads  of  six- 
teen or  eighteen  were  in  a  little  meadow  across 
the  brook  ;  and  the  mother  mentioned  her  eldest 
daughter  had  gone  that  morning  with  two  more 

Vol.  II.  2 


n 


of  her  children  to  a  school  the  other  side  of  the 
mountain.  "  Body  o'  me,"  thought  I,  where  do 
all  these  people  sleep  ?  But,  as  it  was  none  of 
my  business,  I  did  not  inquire.  Labour  and 
health  can  sleep  right  sweetly,  where  pampered 
idleness  and  bloated  gluttony  would  lie  awake, 
cursing  their  stars. 

This  industrious  dame  was  a  healthy,  well-look- 
ing body  enough  ;  not  quite  so  hollow  in  the 
shoulders  though  as  some  of  our  fashionable  la- 
dies, who  really  do  screw  themselves  up  in  such 
an  equivocal  manner,  that  were  it  not  for  their 
faces  one  would  be  puzzled  to  tell  whether  their 
backs  or  fronts  were  towards  him.  This  fashion 
is  a  decisive  proof  of  the  modesty  of  the  sex — 
since  we  can  admire  the  ladies'  backs,  even  to  in- 
tensity, without  putting  them  to  the  blush.  For 
my  part,  I  don't  know  what  will  be  the  end  of  all 
this  5  nor,  indeed,  do  I  much  care,  only  I  don't  like 
to  see  too  much  of  a  good  thing.  But  to  return 
to  the  lady  of  the  castle,  who  had  no  great  pre- 
tensions to  fashion,  but  was  a  true  woman  for  all 
that — for  she  made  a  number  of  excuses  on  ac- 
count of  her  house  being  so  much  out  of  order. 


9 

Jenny  had  gone  over  the  mountain  before  she  had 
time  to  put  things  to  rights,  and  she  herself  had 
enough  to  do  besides. 

The  husband  was  a  tanner,  which  accounts  for 
his  looking  so  young  as  he  did ;  as  your  tanners, 
you  know,  will  last  longer  than  other  people.  A 
sturdy  dog — he  would  not  take  naif  a  dollar  1 
offered  him  for  a  bowl  of  milk,  but  actually  looked 
as  if  he  would  gouge  me  when  I  insisted  upon  it. 
I  could  only  account  for  his  stupid  indifference  to 
money,  from  there  being  no  banks  in  this  neigh- 
bourhood. People  are  always  more  rational  and 
enlightened  where  banks  are  plenty,  and  will  take 
"  kicks  and  coppers"  with  great  thankfulness, 
provided  they  come  together.  I  am  sorry  to  bn 
under  the  necessity  of  confessing,  that  this  refusal 
of  the  tanner  furnishes  another  proof  of  the  in- 
feriority of  the  people  of  the  back  country  to 
those  of  the  cities,  in  politeness,  refinement,  and. 
above  all,  in  that  most  precious  of  all  knowledge. 
a  knowledge  of  the  value  of  money.  The  inside 
of  this  ignorant  man's  house  was  furnished  with 
two  beds  below,  and  the  LOrd  knows  how  many 
above — a  cradle — plenty  of  straw-bottomed  chairs 
—a  ride  hanging  again&t  the  wall — -good  etore  o( 


10 

bacon — plenty  of  children — a  staunch  hound,  and 
notable  pussy,  both  acknowledged  members  of 
the  family.  The  poor  soul  was  content,  for  he 
did  not  know  any  better ;  and  though  I  could 
easily  have  proved  to  him  how  miserable  he  was, 
I  thought  it  better  to  let  him  alone. 

And  now  for  the  story,  which  he  related,  in 
answer  to  my  inquiries  about  rattlesnakes.  He 
told  me,  that  somewhat  more  than  six  miles 
off,  in  the  recesses  of  one  of  the  most  unfrequent- 
ed mountains,  there  was  a  deep,  circular  valley, 
the  bottom  of  which  is  covered  with  loose,  flat 
stones  that  have  fallen  down  its  steep  sides.  A 
gentleman  on  a  visit  to  the  springs  once  hired 
him  and  another  person,  a  hunter,  to  accompany 
him  to  this  valley,  in  order  to  ascertain  whether 
the  stories  he  had  heard,  but  disbelieved,  about  it, 
were  true.  They  descended  it,  but  without  seeing 
a  single  snake  ;  and  the  gentleman  began  to  banter 
the  hunter,  who  told  him  to  stamp  hard  upon  the 
flat  stone  where  he  was  standing.  He  did  so,  and 
presently  a  good  dozen  rattlesnakes  came  out,  to 
see  who  knocked  at  the  door,  I  suppose.  Alarm- 
ed at  sight  of  the  strangers,  the  snakes  began  to 
sound  their  rattles    like   so   many  Philadelphia 


11 

watchmen  waked  from  a  sound  sleep,  and  there- 
upon came  forth  several  thousands  of  these  rep- 
tiles, who  rattled  and  hissed  at  such  an  execrable 
rate,  that  they  were  glad  enough  to  retreat  out  of 
the  valky  with  all  convenient  expedition.  The 
tanneT  moreover  added,  that  there  was  a  great 
smell  of  cucumbers,  and  that  for  his  part  he  did  not 
much  mind  the  rattlesnakes,  being  used  to  them, 
but  he  could  not  reconcile  himself  to  the  looks  of 
a  rascally  fellow,  the  like  of  which  he  had  never 
seen  before,  who  carried  a  great  fin  on  his  back, 
was  shaped  like  a  sunfish,  and  hissed  ten  times 
louder  than  his  neighbours*  The  existence  of  a 
valley  somewhere  in  this  part  of  the  world,  con- 
taining a  vast  number  of  rattlesnakes,  is  believed 
by  many  well-informed  people:  but  as  to  the  little 
fellow  with  the  fin,  his  being  must  remain  a  mat- 
ter of  doubt  for  the  present.  Whether  the  laws 
of  nature  permit  a  snake  to  wear  a  fin,  must  be 
left  to  those  who  make  laws  for  her.     Good  bye. 


J.ETTER  XXIII. 


DEAR  FRANKy 

1  FEEL  this  morning  a  sort  of  humorous  sad- 
ness ;  a  sense  of  loneliness,  and  absence,  and  care- 
lessness, that  half  amounts  to  a  gentlemanlike  me- 
lancholy. I  believe  I  could  entertain  a  score  or 
two  of  blue  devils  j  and  be  actually  sad,  if  I  could 
only  find  a  tolerable  reason  to  be  sorry.  Unluckily, 
I  can't  find  a  reasonable  occasion  to  be  unhappy  j 
for  I  have  got  well  of  all  my  complaints,  real  and 
imaginary;  have  a  reasonable  supply  of  paper- 
money  for  my  occasions ;  have  got  over  my  fears 
of  French  influence,  ever  since  Napoleon  began  to 
grow  fat — and  am  a  bachelor  !  Yet,  for  all  this, 
could  I  rail  at  the  first-born*of  Egypt,  and  even  find 
fault  with  the  worthy  lady  at  whose  house  we  now 
are,  detained  by  a  shower,  although  her  face  is  the 


14 


picture  of  good  humour,  and  her  house  the  abode 
of  good  cheer.  I  intended  to  reason  a  little  this 
morning,  on  cause  and  effect — a  new  subject !  but, 
I  reasoned,  as  people  sometimes  get  up  of  a  morn- 
ing, wrong  end  foremost.  I  then  joked  the 
waiter,  but  got  worsted;  which  only  made  me 
worse  than  before.  This  state  of  mind,  under 
the  influence  of  which  the  heart  falls  into  a  heavy 
depression,  without  any  particular  cause  that  we 
know  of,  is  sometimes  ascribed  to  a  presentiment 
of  approaching  evil,  a  warning  coming  from  some 
mysterious  source  with  which  we  are  altogether 
unacquainted.  But  this  is  a  superstitious  idea,  and 
consequently  is  discarded  by  philosophers,  who  in 
general  attribute  it  to  an  absence  of  real  sources 
of  misery,  which  leaves  a  vacuum  for  imaginary 
ones  to  creep  in,  and  make  a  great^bustle.  They 
say  the  best  and  most  radical  cure  for  this  mental 
disorder,  is  substantial  care  and  real  trouble  ;  and 
accordingly  agree  in  recommending  matrimony  as 
a  sovereign  remedy ;  that  being  the  great  evil, 
which  renders  all  others  insignificant.  But  in- 
stead of  flying  to  this  desperate  remedy,  I  will  try 
what  occupation  of  mind  will  do  in  the  way  of 
relief. 


1^ 


In  truth,  the  little  solitary  noak  into  which  I  am 
just  now  thrown,  bears  an  aspect  so  interesting, 
that  it  is  calculated  to  call  up  the  most  touchingly 
pleasing  exertions,  in  the  minds  of  those  who  love 
to  indulge  in  the  contemplation  of  beautiful  scenes. 
We  are  the  sons  of  earth,  and  the  indissoluble 
kindred  between  nature  and  man,  is  demonstrated 
by  our  sense  of  her  beauties.  I  shall  not  soon 
forget  last  evening,  which  Oliver  and  myself  spent 
at  this  place.  It  was  such  as  can  never  be  de- 
scribed— I  will  therefore  not  attempt  it;  but  it 
was  still  as  the  sleep  of  innocence — pure  as  ether, 
and  bright  as  immortality.  Having  travelled  only 
fourteen  miles  that  day,  I  did  not  feel  tired  as 
usual ;  and  after  supper  strolled  out  alone  along 
the  windings  of  a  little  stream  about  twenty  yards 
wide,  that  skirts  a  narrow  strip  of  green  meadow, 
between  the  brook  and  the  high  mountain  at  a 
little  distance. 

You  will  confess  my  landscapes  are  well  water- 
ed, for  every  one  has  a  river.  But  such  is  the 
case  in  this  region,  where  all  the  passes  of , the 
mountains  are  made  by  little  rivers,  that  in  process 
of  time  have  laboured  through,  and  left  a  space 
for  a  road  on  their  banks.     If  nature  will  do  these 


16 

things,  I  can't  help  it — not  I.  In  the  course  of 
the  ramble  the  moon  rose  over  the  mountain  te 
the  eastward,  which  being  just  by,  seemed  to  bring 
the  planet  equally  near;  and  the  bright  eyes  of 
the  stars  began  to  glisten,  as  if  weeping  the  dews 
of  evening.  1  knew  not  the  name  of  one  single 
star.  But  what  of  that  ?  It  is  not  necessary  to  be 
an  astronomer,  to  contemplate  with  sublime 
emotions  the  glories  of  the  sky  at  night,  and  the 
countless  wonders  of  the  universe. 

"  These  earthly  godfathers  of  heaven's  lights, 

"  That  give  a  name  to  every  fixed  star, 

"  Have  no  more  profit  of  their  living  nights, 

*'  Than  those  that  walk  and  wot  not  what  they  are. 

Men  may  be  too  wise  to  wonder  at  any  thing  ; 
as  they  may  be  too  ignorant  to  see  any  thing  with- 
out wondering.  There  is  reason  also  to  believe, 
that  astronomers  may  be  sometimes  so  taken  up 
with  measuring  the  distances  and  magnitude  of 
the  stars,  as  to  lose,  in  the  intense  minuteness  of 
calculation,  that  noble  expansion  of  feeling  and 
intellect  combined,  which  lifts  from  nature  up  to 
its  great  first  cause.  As  respects  myself,  I  know 
no  more  of  the  planets,  than  the  man  in  the  moon. 


17 


I  only  contemplate  tliem  as  unapproachable,  ud- 
extinguishable  fires,  glittering  afar  off,  in  those 
azure  fields  whose  beauty  and  splendour  have 
pointed  them  out  as  the  abode  of  the  Divinity;  as 
such,  they  form  bright  links  in  the  chain  of 
thought  that  leads  directly  to  a  contemplation  of 
the  Maker  of  heaven  and  earth.  Nature  is,  in- 
deed, the  only  temple  worthy  of  the  Deity. 
There  is  a  mute  eloquence  in  her  smile  j  a  majes- 
tic severity  in  her  frown ;  a  divine  charm  in  her 
harmony ;  a  speechless  energy  in  her  silence ;  a 
voice  in  her  thunders,  that  no  reflecting  being  can 
resist.  It  is  in  such  scenes  and  seasons,  that  the 
heart  is  deepest  smitten  with  the  power  and  good- 
ness of  Providence,  and  that  the  soul  demon- 
strates its  capacity  for  maintaining  an  existence 
independent  of  matter,  by  abstracting  itself  from 
the  body,  and  expatiating  alone  in  the  boundless 
regions  of  the  past  and  the  future. 

As  I  continued  strolling  forward,  there  gradually 
came  a  perfect  calm — and  even  the  aspen-tree 
whispered  no  more.  But  it  was  not  the  deaihiike 
calm  of  a  winter's  night,  when  the  northwest  wind 
grows  quiet,  and  the  frosts  begin  in  silence  to 
forge   fetters   for   the    running  brooks,    and    the 


18 


gentle  current  of  life,  that  flows  through  the  veins 
©f  the  forest.  The  voice  of  man  and  beast  was 
indeed  unheard  ;  but  the  river  murmured,  and  the 
insects  chirped  in  the  mild  summer  evening. 
There  is  something  sepulchral  in  the  repose  of  a 
winter  night  j  but  in  the  genial  seasons  of  the  year, 
though  the  night  is  the  emblem  of  repose,  it  is 
the  repose  of  the  couch,  not  of  the  tomb — nature 
still  breathes  in  the  buz  of  insects,  the  whisper- 
ings of  the  forest,  and  the  murmurs  of  the  running 
brooks.  We  know  she  will  awake  in  the  morning, 
with  her  smiles,  her  bloom,  her  zephyrs,  and 
warbling  birds.  "  In  such  a  night  as  this,"  if  a 
man  loves  any  human  being  in  this  wide  world, 
he  will  find  it  out,  for  there  will  his  thoughts  first 
centre.  If  he  has  in  store  any  sweet,  or  bitter, 
or  bittersweet  recollections,  which  are  lost  in  the 
bustle  of  the  world,  they  will  come  without  being 
called.  If,  in  his  boyish  days,  he  wrestled,  and 
wrangled,  and  rambled  with,  yet  loved,  some 
chubby  boy,  he  will  remember  the  days  of  his 
childhood,  its  companions,  cares,  and  pleasures. 
If,  in  his  days  of  romance,  he  used  to  walk  of 
evenings,  with  some  blue-eyed,  musing,  melaa- 
r^oly  Hiaid,  whom  the  ever-rolling  wave  of  life 


19 

dashed  away  from  him  for  ever — he  will  recall  her 
voice,  her  eye,  and  her  form.  If  any  heavy  and 
severe  disaster  has  fallen  on  his  riper  manhood, 
and  turned  the  future  into  a  gloomy  and  unpro- 
mising wilderness  ;  he  will  feel  it  bitterly  at  such 
a  time.  Or  if  it  chance  that  he  is  grown  an  old 
man,  and  lived  to  see  all  that  owned  his  blood,  or 
shared  his  affections,  struck  down  to  the  earth 
like  dead  leaves  in  autumn  ;  in  such  a  night,  he 
will  call  their  dear  shades  around,  and  wish  him- 
self a  shadow. 

It  is  just  clearing  up ;  and  Oliver,  as  usual,  is  in 
the  fidgets  to  set  out — so  good  bye ;  and  for  fear 
you  will  think  1  have  been  indulging  my  imagina- 
tion at  your  expense,  about  Mrs.  B 's  in  the 

mountains,  I  mention  her  name,  that  you  may  find 
out  the  place  next  summer,  and  see  with  your 
own  eyes,  and  sleep  within  hearing  of  one  of  the 
most  musically  melancholy,  murmuring  brooks  in 
all  the  AUeganies. — Good  bye. 


Vol.  H. 


tiETTER  XXIV. 


DEAR  FRANK, 

X  OU  may  chance  to  recollect,  in  one  of  my 
former  letters,  I  warned  you  Oliver  would  ere 
long  break  out  into  an  ebullition  of  geology, 
occasioned  probably  by  the  subterraneous  heat 
of  Dr.  Hutton's  theory,  which  has  already  per- 
formed such  wonders.  The  expected  eruption 
took  place  the  day  before  yesterday. 

We  passed  from  the  little  retreat  in  the  moun- 
tains I  gave  you  a  sketch  of  in  my  last,  through  a 
country  of  most  singularly  romantic  aspect.  The 
hills  became  more  rugged,  barren,  and  broken, 
than  any  we  had  yet  crossed  ;  the  declivities  more 
abrupt;  and  here  and  there  bare  and  prodigious 
masses  of  rocks  were  piled  on  their  tops,  or  hung 
on  their  sides.  Often  we  rode  along  the  banks  of 
little  rivers,  foaming  at  the  depth  of  a  hundred 


22 

feet  below;  their  sides  in  many  places  composed 
of  dark  limestone  rocks,  piled  one  ledge  on  ano- 
ther, with  the  regularity  of  art,  and  topped  with 
moss  or  fern.  Cascades,  with  beautiful  basins  at 
their  foot,  fit  haunt  for  the  trout  and  the  Naiad, 
succeeded  each  other  at  every  little  distance,  and 
the  whole  scene  was  calculated  to  awaken  the 
most  lofty  and  affecting  musings.  I,  who  fortu- 
nately have  never  seen  Dovedale,  Matlock,  the 
lakes  of  Cumberland,  the  Welch  hills,  nor  any  of 
those  famous  places  that  make  such  a  figure  in 
the  pretty  picture-books  we  buy  here  with  such 
avidity — because  we  have  nothing  beautiful,  it 
would  seem,  in  our  own  miserable  country — ^I 
enjoyed  this  succession  of  interesting  objects, 
and  fell  into  an  enormous  brown  study.  But 
Oliver,  who,  ever  since  he  became  a  geologist, 
is  much  oftener  employed  in  studying  how  this 
world  was  made,  than  in  enjoying  its  beauties, 
ran  his  hobby-horse  against  my  Kentucky  pony, 
and  unhorsed  my  imagination  in  a  twinkling. 

Do  you  believe  in  Hutton,  or  Werner?  said 
he. 

B.  I  believe  in  Moses  and  the  prophets,  re- 
plied I. 


23 

O.  Yes,  as  to  all  that  sort  of  thing,  we  know — 
that  is,  we  are  willing  to  acknowledge  we  believe 
the  world  was  orginally  made  in  six  days; — but 
every  appearance  indicates  that  the  present  is  a 
sort  of  secondary  world,  made  out  of  the  frag- 
ments of  the  first. 

B.  O,  certainly, — like  a  gtblet  pie,  from  the 
fragments  of  a  roasted  goose. 

O.  Pshaw !  Can't  you  be  serious  on  a  serious 
subject?  Everyman  ought  to  feel  an  interest  in 
the  formation  of  the  planet  on  which  his  lot  is 
cast, — the  place  of  his  birth,  and  of  his  grave.  In 
my  opinion,  nothing  can  afford  a  more  noble,  as 
well  as  useful  exercise  of  the  mind,  than  studying 
the  formation  of  the  earth. 

B.  Assuredly. — "  Knowledge  is  power,"  said 
the  great  Ham — I  beg  pardon,  Bacon  ;  and  there 
is  very  little  doubt  but  that,  in  the  regular  pro- 
gress of  science,  the  knowledge  of  how  the  world 
was  formed,  will  shortly  be  followed  by  the  art  of 
making  worlds  for  ourselves — if  we  can  only  find 
the  materials. 

O.  Confound  it!  be  serious  for  once; — every 
man  has  a  right  to  his  hobby,  and  mine  is  certainly 
a5  innocent  and  inoffensive  as  anv  other. 
3* 


24 

B.  Aye,  and  as  useless; — but  come,  for  once  I 
will  be  serious.  Open  your  theory,  either  Nep- 
tunian or  Plutonian ;  and  let  the  internal  fire  be 
as  hot  as  it  may,  I'll  not  flinch  one  jot,  I  promise 
you. 

O.  I  was  going  to  observe  that  the  country  we 
are  now  passing  through  affords  strong  appear- 
ances of  its  having  been  formed  at  a  later  period 
than  many  other  parts  of  the  world  I  have  seen. 

B.  That  is  quite  likely. — All  the  learned  call 
this  a  new  world ;  and  these  indications  of  a  later 
origin  will  be  easily  accounted  for  on  the  suppo- 
sition that  America  was  made  the  sixth  day, 
and  is  consequently  just  five  days  younger  than 
the  other  three  quarters,  which  makes  a  con- 
siderable difference.  But  I  promised  to  be  se- 
rious ;  and  though,  to  confess  the  honest  truth,  I 
think  that  until  the  learned  can  tell  us  a  little 
more  on  the  subject  of  world-making,  they  have 
no  business  to  pester  us  with  their  conjectural 
nonsense,  but  had  better  leave  us  to  honest  igno- 
rance and  the  Bible  :  still  I  will  try  and  keep  my 
word.  I  have  a  great  respect  for  science,  but  I 
can't  help  thinking  useful  science  is  preferable  to 
ihat  which  has  no  use. 


25 


O.  Well,  even  admitting  the  science  of  geology 
to  be  altogether  useless,  you  can't  deny  but  that 
it  leads  to  various  discoveries  in  mineralogy  that 
may  be  highly  beneficial  to  the  world.  Geologists^ 
in  searching  for  what  is  beyond  their  reach,  may 
still  hit  on  something  of  infinite  value. 

B.  Certainly, — 

"  A  was  an  archer,  (or  geolopst)  and  shot  at  a  frog, 
But  missing-  his  mark,  shot  into  a  bog  :" 

Which  accident,  as  I  have  been  credibly  informed, 
led  to  the  first  discovery  of  bog  ore.  But  to  be 
serious, — and  may  all  the  powers  of  philosophy 
and  dulness  assist  me  in  the  task — I  am  seriously 
of  opinion,  that  until  you  and  your  philosophers 
are  a  little  more  informed,  you  had  better  not 
throw  out  objections  that,  at  least,  appear  calcu- 
lated to  weaken  our  belief  in  the  authority  of  a 
good  book,  every  part  of  which,  we  are  taught  to 
believe,  rests  on  the  same  basis  of  eternal  truth. 
It  seems  to  me  better  that  we  should  be  ignorant 
of  the  true  art  of  making  worlds,  than  that  we 
should  lose  our  confidence  in  the  Bible.  The 
Bible  says  the  world  was  made  in  six  days,  and 
the  Scripture  chronology  gives  it  an  antiquity  of 


26 


about  six  thousand  years.  Now  it  is  of  little 
consequence  that  we  should  believe  in  Hutton 
or  Werner ;  but  it  is  of  great  moment  that  we 
should  believe  in  an  authority  which  cannot  be 
doubted  without  endangering  a  religion  carrying 
with  it  the  purest  system  of  morals  ever  promul- 
gated to  mankind. 

O.  But  is  the  search  after  truth  to  be  checked 
by  the  fear  of  discovering  unwholesome  truths? 

B.  Certainly,  where  the  discovery  of  truths 
leads  to  no  practically  beneficial  end,  upholds 
nothing  but  a  theory,  and  at  the  same  time  over- 
throws a  long-established  and  salutary  belief.  If, 
by  discovering  how  this  world  was  made,  you 
could  make  a  better  one,  the  search  would  be  a 
respectable  occupation  enough.  As  it  is,  I  see 
very  little  use  in  Dr.  Hutton's  theory,  or  Monsieur 
Cuvier's  dry  bones  and  fossils.  I  think  they  would 
be  much  more  usefully  employed  in  some  honest 
calling. 

O.  Now,  I  suppose,  you'd  have  those  great 
men  turn  cobblers,  or  pastrycooks,  instead  of 
enlightening  the  world  by  their  profound  re- 
searches. 

B.  Enlightening  a  fiddlestick,  Noll !    Do  you 


27 


call  it  enlightening  the  world,  to  undermine  its 
faith,  indirectly,  and  set  mankind  afloat  in  an  ocean 
of  doubts,  without  rudder  or  compass  ?  We  be- 
lieve the  world  was  made  in  six  days,  by  the  only 
Being  capable  of  making  it :  and  1  see  no  good  ta 
result  from  mere  conjectures  which  never  can 
be  put  to  the  test  of  truth,  and  whose  falsehood 
is  only  to  be  demonstrated  by  their  palpable  and 
enormous  absurdity.  Have  your  philosophers 
brought  to  perfection  all  the  useful  sciences,  that 
they  thus  waste  their  lives  in  the  pursuit  of 
shadows,  and  challenge  the  world  to  admire  their 
dexterity  in  chacing — nothing  ?  Notwithstanding 
your  pious  indignation,  I  still  think  they  had 
better  learn  to  make  shoes  and  pastry.  A  shoe 
is  good  for  something,  and  is  truly  a  philosophical 
production ;  for  it  is  a  combination  of  means  to 
ends  ;  and,  for  my  part,  I  greatly  prefer  the  works 
of  the  pastrycook  to  those  of  Dr.  Hutton.  If 
you  penetrate  the  crust  of  the  former,  ten  to  one 
you  find  something  exceedingly  savoury  and  agree- 
able ;  but  wo  be  to  him  who  lifts  the  crust  of  the 
Doctor's  theory,  for  he  will  encounter  an  "  inter- 
nal fire"  that  melts  rocks  in  a  twinkling,  and 
ejects  them  as  a  liquid,  right  out  of  the  earth,  like 


28 

the  sweetening  of  an  overbaked  pie,  where  they 
cool  in  the  form  of  the  Palisados  on  Hudson's  river 
— as  I  am  credibly  informed.  But  as  I  am  but 
a  novice  in  world-making,  be  good  enough  to 
give  me  the  most  approved  recipe  for  making  a 
good,  responsible,  merchantable  world,  such  as 
will  pass  muster  in  the  Reviews. 

O.  Allons !  Will  you  have  it  made  by  fire  or 
water  ? 

B.  O,  by  fire,  by  all  means,  as  that  seems  the 
most  difficult  of  the  two. 

O.  Perhaps  not.  You  shall  see  how  easy  it  is. 
Dr.  Hutton  lays  it  down  as  the  basis  of  his  sys- 
tem, that  there  is  a  regular  operation  of  two  great 
influences  in  all  the  changes  of  nature, — decay 
and  renovation.  The  more  hard  and  solid  matter 
always  wearing  away  under  the  influence  of  the 
powers  which  operate  upon  it. 

B.  Aye,  that  is  reasonable  enough. — I  remem- 
ber my  grandmother's  tongue  was  as  active  as 
ever,  when  she  had  not  a  tooth  in  her  head.  Here 
is  analogy  demonstrative. 

O.  Be  quiet ! — Air  and  water  are  the  two  active 
agents ;  earth  and  rocks,  being  quiescent,  are  the 
objects  to  be  acted  upon, — consequently,  in  pro- 


29 

cess  of  time,  they  will  decay  under  the  perpetual 
action  of  these  agents,  and  their  decayed  frag- 
ments will  roll  incontinently  down  into  the  sea, 
and  be  deposited  in  its  unfathomable  abyss. 

B.  Well,  what  is  to  be  done  with  them  after 
we  get  them  there,  where  I  am  willing  to  let  them 
roll ;  although  I  can't  help  laughing  to  think  what 
an  enormous  roll  some  of  them  must  have  had, 
up  hill,  to  get  to  the  ocean.  This  is  contrary  to 
all  rules  of  gravity,  and  very  naturally  overcomes 
mine. 

O.  Now  comes  the  sublime  part  of  the  business. 
At  a  prodigious  depth  in  the  mineral  regions  of 
the  earth,  the  Doctor  has  discovered  a  great 
internal  fire,  or  blacksmith's  shop,  where  the 
wrecks  of  the  former  world  are  worked  up  like 
old  iron,  into  strata  of  different  kinds,  by  this 
singular  heat,  which  first  melts,  and  then  consoli- 
dates, the  different  masses  of  matters  that  the  air 
and  water  first  generated  by  their  action, — which 
then  rolled  down  into  the  sea,  and  at  last  got 
somehow  or  other  into  the  region  of  internal  fire, 
to  be  remanufactured. 

B.  Good.  Go  on. — But  first,  with  submission 
let  me  ask  how  it  happens,  that  this  internal  heat 


which  melts  granite  and  other  trifling  things,  don'i 
melt  the  whole  earth  in  a  little  time,  or  at  least 
overheat  it  to  such  a  degree,  that  it  would  be  very 
uncomfortable  for  the  little  children  to  walk  on 
it  barefoot  ? 

O.  O,  that  is  easily  enough  explained.  The 
internal  fire  being  at  a  prodigious  depth,  is  com- 
pressed to  such  a  degree  by  the  incumbent  mat- 
ters, that  none  of  it  can  become  volatilized,  and 
consequently  none  escape.  To  this  peculiar  ex- 
cellence of  the  Doctor's  fire  it  is  owing,  that  the 
general  rule  with  respect  to  the  diffusion  of  heat 
over  a  whole  mass  until  there  is  a  perfect  equili- 
brium, does  not  apply. 

B.  Good.  But  where  does  the  Doctor  get 
sufficient  fuel  to  keep  up  this  internal,  or  rather 
eternal  fire  ?  I  don't  exactly  comprehend  where 
he  can  find  a  reservoir  sufficiently  extensive  to 
supply  this  enormous  consumption  of  combustible 
matter. 

O.  The  subterraneous  fire  is  supplied  with  its 
materials  by  the  vegetable  bodies  growing  on  the 
surface  of  the  earthy  a  source  unlimited  and  inex- 
haustible. 


31 

B.  See  now  wiiat  it  is  to  be  a  philosopher.  I 
never  knew  that  the  decomposition  of  vegetables 
was  good  for  any  thing  but  to  enrich  the  land  on 
which  they  grew — thus  piously  giving  back  to 
mother  Earth  the  nourishment  received.  How 
sublime — to  think,  that  if  it  were  not  for  rotten 
cabbages  and  the  like,  we  should  never  have  had 
this  beautiful,  beautiful  world  !  However,  you 
have  fairly  made  your  world — and 

O.  Stay,  I  have  not  done  yet — there  is  the 
perpendicular  strata  ;  would  not  you  like  to  know 
how  they  came  to  be  standing  bolt  upright  in  the 
manner  you  see  ?  This  is  one  of  the  effects  of 
the  subterraneous  fire.  Its  expansive  power  be- 
ing exerted  with  extraordinary  force,  proved 
sometimes  too  strong  for  the  crust  of  the  earth, 
which  opened  to  let  the  red-hot  lava  out.  This 
being  projected  with  prodigious  force,  rose  to  a 
great  height,  and  cooled  itself  before  it  had  time 
to  get  down  again.  This  must  have  been  the 
cause  which  elevated  these  strata,  "  because  no 
other  cause  can  be  assigned  adequate  to  the  pro- 
duction of  this  effect." 

B.  Not  even  infinite  power  ? 
Vol.  n.  4 


32 

O.  Pshaw — that  is  unphilosophical.  But  what 
are  you  laughing  at  now? 

B.  I  was  laughing  to  think  what  a  time  the 
good  Doctor  had  while  he  was  in  a  state  of  gest- 
ation with  this  red-hot  theory.  With  that  internal 
fire  in  his  brain,  the  poor  gentleman  must  have 
been  worse  off  than  the  man  in  the  Curse  of  Ke- 
hama,  who  carried  "  a  fire  in  his  head,  and  a  fire 
in  his  tail,"  I  believe.  What  a  hissing  there  must 
have  been,  and  what  a  prodigious  thickness  of 
skull  the  Doctor  must  have  had,  to  compress  this 
fire  of  his  brain  so  as  to  prevent  its  singing  his 
reverend  wig  !  Like  Jupiter,  his  brain  was  preg- 
nant with  a  prodigy,  but  it  was  not  a  Minerva. 
But,  now  1  think  of  it,  let  me  ask  you  two  ques- 
tions, before  we  stop  to  rest — for  I  see  the  steeple 

ofF Church  yonder  on  the  hill.     The  first 

is,  how  granite,  being,  as  you  have  told  me,  a 
primeval  rock,  is  so  often  found  on  strata  of  later 
formation  at  the  summits  of  mountains.'' 

O.  For  this  simple    reason — this   part  of  the 
world  was  formed  first. 

B.  O — then  the  world  grew  downwards,  like  a 
cow's  tail,  I  suppose.     That  never  struck  me  be- 


33 

fore,  and  accounts  for  various  matters  otherwise 
unaccountable,  according  to  the  new  theory.  My 
next  question  is  this.  As  the  Doctor's  theory 
only  proves  that  the  present  world  is  a  giblet-pie 
made  out  of  the  fragments  of  another — be  so 
good  as  to  tell  me  how  the  first  world  of  all  was 
made,  since  the  present  system  only  goes  to  make 
a  secondhand  world  ^ 

O.  God  only  knows. 

B.  See  then  what  all  your  learning  and  re- 
search comes  to  at  last.  A  fig  for  Doctor  Button 
and  Monsieur  Cuvier,  say  I. — Let's  talk  a  little 
sense — what  do  you  think  of  the  noble  art  of 
brickmaking. 

O.  Well,  well,  you  may  sneer  at  M.  Cuvier 
and  the  Doctor;  but  you  must  allow  that  the  for- 
mer is  one  of  the  most  sagacious  men  of  the  age. 
Can  any  thing  equal  the  reasoning  on  which  his 
system  of  comparative  anatomy  is  founded .' 
What  is  so  conclusive  as  the  following  deductions? 
"  If  the  viscera  of  an  animal  be  so  organized,"  says 
he,  "  as  to  be  only  fitted  for  the  digestion  of  flesh, 
the  jaws  must  be  fitted  for  de\ouriiig  prey  ;  the 
claws  for  seizing  it;  the  teeth  for  cutting  it  up; 


the  limbs  for  pursuing  it,  and  the  senses  for  dis- 
covering it  at  a  distance."  Can  any  thing  be 
more  clear  ? 

B.  As  clear  as  mud — as  we  used  to  say  of  Doc- 
tor   's  metaphysics.     Ignorant  people  might 

say,  indeed,  from  their  own  experience,  that 
many  animals  of  prey,  whose  viscera  accords  solely 
with  the  digestion  of  flesh,  have  neither  limbs  for 
procuring  their  prey,  nor  senses  to  discern  it  at  a 
distance,  nor  teeth  for  cutting  it  up;  that  they  lay 
still,  and  let  their  prey  come  to  them,  and  swal- 
low it  whole.  However,  this  is  nothing  against  a 
theory.  M.  Cuvier's  has  two  legs  yet  left  to  stand 
upon,  and  that  is  enough  in  all  conscience. 

O.  But  still  you  can't  deny  the  ingenuity  and 
sagacity  of  the  deductions,  even  granting  some  of 
them  are  not  true. 

B.  It  is  nothing  to  what  I  have  read  and  heard 
of.  Wiiat  think  you  of  Touchstone's  conclusions  ? 
"  If  thou  never  wast  at  court,  thou  never  sawest 
good  manners ;  if  thou  never  sawest  good  man- 
ners, then  thy  manners  must  be  wicked — and 
wickedness  is  sin — and  sin  is  damnation.  Thou 
art  in  a  perilous  way,  shepherd." 

O.  Pooh — nonsense. 


35 

B.  Or  what  think  you  of  the  sagaciou'D  logical 
deduction,  or  induction,  of  a  friend  of  mine,  who, 
one  night  just  as  he  was  going  to  rest,  saw  what 
he  supposed  the  foot  of  a  man  under  the  bed.  If, 
quoth  he,  there  is  a  foot  there  must  be  a  leg  to  it 
— if  there  is  a  leg  there  must  a  body — if  a  body, 
a  head — and  if  a  head,  it  certainly  must  be  a  rob- 
ber. So  he  manfully  laid  hold  of  it,  and  actually 
drew  out  a  cobbler's  last. 

O,  Pshaw — pish — pooh — nonsense. 

B.  Or  what  do  you  think  of  the  sagacious  logic 
of  a  Missouri  Indian,  I  have  heard  tell  of?  He 
was  sent  out  by  an  officer  commanding  one  of  our 
most  remote  frontier  posts,  to  gain  information  of 
a  hostile  party  of  Indians,  supposed  to  be  lurking 
in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  white  settlements. 
After  an  absence  of  several  days  he  returned  with 
the  following  information :  That  there  had  been 
a  party  of  hostile  Indians  very  near  the  settlement 
— who  wore  new  blankets,  came  from  a  great  dis- 
tance, but  had  gone  away  some  days  ago.  "  Did 
you  see  them  ?"  said  the  officer.  "No."  "  How  did 
you  discover  all  this  ?"  "  I  knew,"  said  the  saga- 
cious warrior,  "  they  had  been  close  in  with  the 
white  settlements,  because  I  found  the  heads  of 
4* 


36 

Iiogs  at  a  great  distance,  that  had  their  skulls 
broke.  The  hogs  had  their  noses  rung,  which 
shows  they  belonged  to  white  men  ;  and  their 
being  knocked  on  the  head,  instead  of  shot,  shows 
that  they  were  afraid  of  killing  them,  as  is  their 
custom,  by  firing  a  gun,  lest  they  should  alarm 
the  settlement.  I  knew  they  had  new  blankets, 
for  the  wool  which  stuck  to  the  branches  wbere 
they  had  passed  was  white  and  long ;  and  I  knew 
they  had  come  from  a  great  distance,  and  had  gone 
away,  because  I  could  see  their  tracks  were  those 
of  moccasins  almost  worn  out,  and  that  the 
footsteps  were  made  many  days  ago."  This 
would  have  been  the  man  for  a  theory,  if  he  had 
only  been  brought  up  to  the  business  of  a  geolo- 
gist, or  comparative  anatomist. 

After  this  our  dialogue  assumed  a  desultory 
form.  We  debated  stoutly  about  the  immutable 
laws  of  nature,  and  the  inseparable  connexion 
between  the  viscera,  legs,  teeth,  nose,  eyes, 
mouth,  &.C.  of  all  animals,  known  and  unknown. 
Oliver  maintained  that  one  instance  in  support  of 
a  theory,  however  incomprehensible,  was  as  good 
as  a  thousand,  provided  there  were  no  facts  to 
controvert  it.     He  was  enormously  nettled,  whea. 


37 

I  asserted  TlTat  what  the  philosophers  called  the 
immutable  laws  of  nature  were  nothing  but  laws 
which  they  had  imposed  upon  her  for  their  own 
private  views,  and  founded  on  a  most  limited 
knowledge  of  her  operations,  since  at  least  two- 
thirds  of  the  habitable  globe  had  never  been 
scientifically  developed.  They  of  course  could 
know  little  of  these  matters,  and  no  doubt  often 
scandalized  a  regular  production  of  nature  as  a 
lusus  natura,  when  in  fact  it  was  a  distinct  variety 
of  a  species,  of  which  they  had  happened  to  see 
only  one  specimen. 

Oliver  insisted  it  was  unphilosophical  to  argue 
against  any  system,  by  adducing  what  was  un- 
known, to  overthrow  conclusions  drawn  from 
what  was  known,  though  ever  so  little.  To  this 
I  answered,  that  as  it  was  a  notorious  and  ac- 
knowledged fact,  that  even  philosophers  were 
ignorant  of  at  least  a  hundred  times  as  many 
matters  as  they  were  acquainted  with — it  was 
much  more  rational  to  draw  conclusions  from 
their  ignorance  than  their  knowledge,  although 
they  had  laid  down  a  contrary  rule  to  suit  their 
own  purposes.  To  this  Oliver  answered  by  a 
most    emphatical    "  Pooh."     The    conversation 


38 


resolved  itself  into  a  dead  silence,  and  if  1  am 
caught  in  such  another,  may  I  be  obliged  to  tell 
how  oysters  get  to^  the  tops  of  mountains. 

We  got  to  F some  time  before  dinner,  and 

took  a  ramble  about  the  town,  the  result  of  which 
you  shall  have  some  other  time.  I  have  written 
this  enormous  epistle  at  three  different  sittings, 
and  it  has  cost  me  three  diabolical  pains  between 
the  shoulders,  which  Oliver  says  is  a  sign  of  the 
liver  complaint.  Good  bye.  Go  get  thee  books, 
and  study  geology ;  it  is  your  only  science  for  a 
gentleman,  for  it  is  entirely  useless ;  and  a  man 
can  get  the  reputation  of  a  scientific  scholar  by  it, 
sooner  and  easier  than  in  any  other  way,  except 
by  studying  chymistry  in  the  catechism.     Adieu. 


LETTER  XXV 


BEAR  FRANK, 

J  UST  at  the  end  of  our  disquisition  on  the  art  of 
making  worlds,  we  carae  to  a  little  town  in  the 

county  of  B ,  so  called  after  Lord  B , 

a  worthy  governor  of  Virginia  in  time  past.  It 
is  one  of  the  most  picturesque  portions  of  the 
state ;  and  the  earth  seems  to  have  been  in  great 
commotion  when  she  finally  settled  her  atoms  in 
these  parts.  It  abounds  in  iron-ore,  and  is  finely 
watered  by  the  different  branches  of  James  river, 
which  are  here  called  creeks,  but  in  any  other 
country  would  aspire  to  the  title  of  rivers. 

This  town,  like  Rome,  is  situated  on  several 
little  hills,  and  has  a  stream  running  nigh,  pretty 
nearly  equal  to  the  Tiber,  only  not  quite  so  mudd}', 
except  when  it  rains.  From  thence  you  have  a 
full  view  of  the  far-famed  Peaks  of  Otter,  tower- 


4e 

iisg  high  above  the  surrounding  mountains;  one 
rising  to  a  point,  the  other  flattened  at  the  top. 
From  the  former,  which  is  the  highest  of  the  two, 
I  am  told  the  prospect  is  exceedingly  extensive, 
various,  and  magnificent.  We  were  inclined  to  try 
the  ascent — Oliver,  to  see  if  he  could  find  any 
oyster-beds,  and  1  to  see  what  was  to  be  seen ; 
but  relinquished  this  undertaking  on  the  score  of 
distance  and  diflSculty ;  the  mountain  being  four- 
teen miles  out  of  our  way,  and  the  ascent  labo- 
rious. There  is  no  enjoyment  to  be  gained  at  the 
summit  of  a  mountain,  when  one  gets  there  half 
tired  to  death.  The  cost  is  generally  more  than 
the  gratification,  although  people  who  take  the 
trouble,  don't  like  to  acknowledge  themselves  dis- 
appointed. 

While  dinner  was  getting  ready,  we  strolled 
about  the  town  to  look  for  curiosities ;  but  unless 
one  is  a  scientific  traveller,  he  will  be  at  a  loss  to 
find  matter  to  fill  up  a  letter  in  our  country,  unless 
he  tells  over  again  the  same  stories  that  have  been 
a  hundred  times  repeated  already.  A  scientific 
traveller,  like  you  know  who,  can  talk  a  full  hour 
about  a  stone  picked  up  in  the  road,  or  a  plant 
plucked  from  the  side  of  a  ditch.     It  is  only  to 


41 

call  it  schistus,  quartz,  talc,  calcareous,  argillace- 
ous, or  granitic,  if  it  be  a  stone  ;  or  juniperius  vir- 
giniana,  yucca  alofolia,  corypha  umbraculifera,  or 
nigra  oblonga,  if  it  be  a  plant ;  and  the  reader 
becomes  wonderfully  interested  in  stones  and  plants, 
that  he  has  seen  every  day  of  his  life,  but  without 
knowing  they  were  of  such  infinite  consequence. 
After  thus  christening  them  with  a  long  Latin 
name,  the  scientific  traveller  looks  into  the  Ency- 
clopedia, for  the  article  Botany,  or  Mineralogy, 
and  borrows  enough  to  astonish  every  body  with 
his  learning,  and  make  a  notable  paper  for  the 
transactions  of  one  of  the  numerous  societies  to 
which  he  belongs.  But  to  a  traveller  unacquaint- 
ed with  the  secret  of  being  learned  without  know- 
ing any  thing  of  the  subject,  it  is  a  sad  drawback, 
that  almost  every  thing  he  sees  in  our  country 
indicates  a  rapid  advance,  rather  than  a  state  of 
decay.  Consequently  there  is  nothing  that  makes 
amends  for  its  present  insignificance,  by  its  ancient 
renown,  or  which  the  dapper  spruce  gentleman 
traveller  can  tell  over  again  for  the  hundredth 
time.  There  are  no  old  castles  to  conjure  up  the 
recollection  of  William  the  Bastard's  time,  when 
the  old  barons  had  more  manors  than  manners — 


42 

oppressed  the  people,  rebelled  against  the  king, 
and  drank  small  beer  for  breakfast.  Indeed,  your 
traveller  in  the  old  countries  has  a  great  advantage 
over  those  of  the  new  world.  The  latter  have 
nothing  but  what  they  see  to  describe,  and  nothing 
but  what  they  think  and  feel  to  record ;  whereas 
the  former  can  make  a  book  of  travels,  good 
enough  for  his  readers,  without  either  seeing  or 
thinking  at  all.  Every  town  through  which  they 
pass,  has  a  regular  history,  called  a  "  Picture," 
written  expressly  for  his  particular  use.  In  these 
you  will  find  the  history  of  the  dead  and  the 
living ;  descriptions  of  all  the  tombs  in  all  the 
church-yards,  visible  and  invisible,  past  and 
present ;  biographical  notices  of  Messrs.  Tom, 
Dick,  and  Hany,  together  with  their  illustrious 
cotemporaries,  Tag,  Rag,  and  Bobtail,  and  all 
their  posterity.  In  addition  to  these  valuable  and 
interesting  particulars,  he  is  furnished  with  a  regu- 
lar list  of  the  bishops,  mayors,  abbots,  aldermen, 
sextons,  church-wardens,  grave-diggers,  and  catch- 
poles,  for  at  least  a  thousand  years.  This  assort- 
ment is  completed  by  a  list  of  various  other 
articles  too  tedious  to  mention,  as  the  grocers  say 
i»  their  advertisements.  Out  of  all  this,  the  greatest 


43 


dunce  in  the  world,  that  is  to  say,  the  traveller 
who  sells  his  own  land  to  go  and  see  that  of  other 
people,  can  make  a  book  which  will  be  praised  by 
the  critics,  provided  it  is  written  by  a  gentleman 
belonging  to  their  party,  or  is  published  by  the 
bookseller  who  patronizes  their  Review.  It  will 
also  be  most  likely  republished  in  this  country, 
where  all  the  secondhand  finery,  and  secondrale 
literature  of  England  finds  a  ready  market.  But 
the  unlucky  souls  who  travel  in  our  country,  unless 
rhey  are  possessed  of  the  great  secret  of  being 
scientific  a  la  Encyclopedia,  will  find  themselves 
at  a  loss  for  interesting  particulars,  unless  they  can 
enter  into  the  various  shades  and  peculiarities 
which  distinguish  one  people  from  anothei-,  even 
though  they  are  ever  so  much  alike,  which  by  the 
way  is  no  easy  thing.  For  want  of  this  nice  per- 
ception, which  is  one  of  the  great  characteristics 
of  genius,  those  literary  foreigners  who  have  done 
us  the  honour  to  ride  post  through  our  country, 
have  supplied  the  lack  of  antiquities,  and  the 
talent  for  observation,  by  resorting  to  their  imagi- 
nation for  facts,  and  to  their  memory  for  good 
stories  and  rare  adventures,  that  have  happened 
Vol.  II.  5 


44 


regularly  to  every  one  of  them  from  time  imme- 
morial. 

Of  all  countries  in  the  world,  this  therefore  is 
the  worst  for  a  book-making  traveller,  and  itine- 
rant poet.  Ruins  inspire  both  the  one  and  the 
other;  and  a  ruined  tower  or  ivied  hall  is  as  good 
as  six  pages  to  each.  Traditionary  antiquity 
gives  interest  to  the  smallest  trifles;  and  the  most 
insignificant  persons  become  objects  of  interest 
by  living  a  long  time  ago,  just  as  old  Jenkins  be- 
came immortalized,  by  living  longer  than  other 
people.  Until,  therefore,  we  have  a  good  number 
of  ruins,  with  subterranean  passages,  and  "  Don- 
jon Keeps,"  for  our  poets  to  commit  murders, 
and  our  travellers  to  locate  legends  in,  I  despair 
of  our  excelling  in  these  articles  ;  as  our  friend  the 
dry-good  merchant  calls  poets  and  travellers. 

This  being  the  case,  my  learned  friend — for 
learned  thou  art  by  this  time,  if  thou  hast  read  all 
my  letters,  we  found  very  little  to  interest  us  at 
this  place,  except  here  and  there  in  the  outskirts 
of  the  town,  a  ruined  log-cabin,  deserted  for  a 
better,  or  abandoned  for  the  western  country.  It 
would  puzzle  a  Philadelphia  lawyer  to  make  a 


45 


romance  out  of  a  log-hut ;  but  by  a  rare  good  luck 
I  met  with  a  legead,  the  subject  of  which  is  as 
follows : 

When  George  the  First  was  imported  from 
Hanover,  to  take  possession  of  the  English  crown, 
as  usual  a  crowd  of  his  poor  relations  accompanied 
Jiim,  to  get  a  slice  of  Johnny  Bull's  roast  beef, 
which  was  rather  more  plenty  then  than  it  is  now. 
Among  these  was  a  sad  fellow  called  Kierst  Von 
Guelph,  who,  by  the  time  he  had  been  half  a  year 
in  England,  had  committed  so  many  foul,  and  un- 
natural murders  on  the  king's  English,  that  for 
fear  of  a  rising  among  the  genuine  old  English, 
who  took  umbrage  at  his  calling  things  out  of  their 
right  names,  he  was  sent  out  to  Virginia,  with  a 
grant  of  land  and  permission  to  murder  every 
word  of  the  language  in  cold  blood.  When  he 
arrived  in  this  new  world,  he  built  himself  a  house 
of  logs,  the  ruins  of  which  are  still  visible  ;  called 
his  first  son  George  Rex,  in  compliment  to  his 
great  relation  ;  fell  foul  of  the  language  tooth  and 
nail,  and  under  pretence  of  being  of  the  blood 
royal,  claimed  a  right  to  make  all  the  people  talk 
High  Dutch,  the  language  of  Adam,  as  he  stoutly 
affirmed.     But  it  is  no  easy  matter  to  change  the 


46 

language  of  a  whole  people,  so  he  contented  hiiu- 
.self  with  turning  it  upside  down.  Thus  P  be- 
came B,  and  B  became  P,  and  D  T,  until  the 
stoutest  abecedarian  could  hardly  tell  which  was 
which.  Kierst  Von  Guelph  lived  in  his  log 
palace  until  he  had  fairly  bedevilled  the  language, 
and  his  palace  was  near  tumpling  about  his  ears. 
when  he  gave  it  the  slip  just  in  time  to  save  him- 
self the  trouble  of  building  another.  It  was  he, 
that  demonstrated  his  loyalty,  we  are  told,  by 
calling  so  many  places  in  Virginia,  and  the  south, 
after  the  kings,  queens,  princes,  and  lords  of  his 
time,  instead  of  giving  them  better,  or  leaving 
them  as  they  were.  Tradition  says,  he  lies  buried 
in  the  church-yard  of  this  town  ;  and  this  is  render- 
ed more  probable  by  our  finding  a  piece  of  gray 
free-stone  lying  there,  bearing   this  fragment  of 

an  inscription,  "  Here  licht  begraven  K "  and 

there  it  ends  abruptly. 

Be  this  as  it  may,  this  legend  undoubtedly  ex- 
plains the  true  original  cause  why  the  majority  of 
the  people  in  the  great  valley,  extending  from 
Pennsylvania  to  Georgia,  begin  so  many  of  their 
words  with  the  wrong  letter,  a  peculiarity  which 
puzzled   ouv  friend  the  professor   of  all  sorts  of 


47 

sciences,  to  such  a  degree,  that  he  would  most 
certainly  have  lost  his  wits,  had  not  Providence, 
wisely  foreseeing  how  the  poor  man  would  be 
perplexed  at  divers  times  about  nothing,  benevo- 
lently made  him  without  any. 

A  handsome  new  church  is  building  at  this 
place  ;  another  proof  that  our  parson  was  mistaken 
when  he  told  aunt  Kate  there  was  no  religion  in 
Virginia.  I  love  to  see  traces  of  religion,  for  in  its 
train  follow  habits  of  order  and  sobriety,  that 
make  some  amends  for  the  cant  and  monkish 
severity,  attempted  to  be  imposed  upon  us  by  so 
many  of  the  beardless  apostles  of  the  present  day  ; 
who  in  their  zeal  to  put  down  the  innocent  amuse- 
ments of  life,  seem  to  forget  that  vice,  and  not 
amusement,  is  the  proper  object  of  pulpit  criti- 
cism. It  is  curious,  as  it  is  true,  that  among  our 
aged  pastors,  whose  years  confer  authority,  whose 
whitened  locks,  and  blameless  lives,  and  long- 
established  character,  give  them  a  right  to  speak 
with  a!l  the  authority  of  experience  and  virtue,  we 
fmd  religion  represented  in  the  beautiful  an  i  allur- 
ing garb  of  chaste  and  innocent  vivacity.  A'-- 
drawn  by  their  pencils,  she  enjoins  no  stripes  or 
s'ackcloth,  nor  calls  for  any  sacrifices  at  her  shrine. 


but  those  of  vice  and  immorality.  But  our  beard- 
less youth,  when  first  they  essay  their  powers 
from  the  pulpit,  appear  to  think  they  must  signal- 
ize themselves  by  some  extraordinary  innovation 
on  the  rights  of  their  parishioners,  or  some  new 
and  stricter  principles,  than  their  liberal  and  vir- 
tuous predecessors  thought  sufficient  for  the  wel- 
fare of  mankind,  here  and  hereafter.  Experience- 
Las  long  since  taught  these  aged  pastors,  that 
mankind  must  have  amusements,  or  they  will  in- 
dulge vices ;  that  by  rendering  the  yoke  6( 
religioii  too  heavy,  it  was  apt  to  be  cast  away ; 
and  that  overheated  or  overacted  zeal  was  a  more 
dangerous  enemy  to  the  church,  in  an  enlightened 
age  at  least,  than  even  the  most  inflexible  unbe- 
lief. 

The  younger  race  of  preachers,  on  the  contrary, 
are  heard  to  rail  with  a  sort  of  senseless  impetuosi- 
1\',  against  all  that  adorns,  embellishes,  and  sweetens 
the  leisure  hours  of  an  existence,  which  at  best  is 
but  a  succession  of  labours.  With  an  utter  and 
monkish  ignorance  of  human  nature,  they  think 
themselves  reforming  it,  by  lopping  away  its 
flowers ;  and  with  an  arrogance  to  which  I  feet 
loa  m.uch  respect  for  their  calling  to  apply  the- 


49 

proper  epithet,  they  call  down  reprobation  on  the 
heads  of  their  aged  parisiiioners,  because  they 
have  permitted  their  children  to  partake  of  those 
amusements,  and  visit  those  places  of  polished 
recreation,  lieretofore  considered  innocent.  Nay,, 
I  have  heard  one  of  these  beardless  reformers 
strike  at  the  root  of  domestic  happiness,  by  telling 
his  female  hearers  they  paid  too  much  attention 
to  household  affairs,  and  too  little  to  the  church : 
thus  attempting  to  elevate  them  to  that  true  evan- 
gelical uselessness,  which  signalizes  itself  by 
neglecting  every  sublunary  duty,  and  manifests 
itself  in  an  affected  contempt  for  this  world,  which, 
were  it  universal,  would  tear  society  asunder,  and 
cast  its  dear  and  admirable  elements  to  the  winds 
of  heaven.  The  Author  of  the  religion  of  man, 
Avho  gave  reason  to  his  creatures,  and  harmony  to 
the  universe,  thought  one  day  of  the  seven,  if 
properly  attended  to,  sufficient  for  the  purposes  of 
public  worship ;  but  our  zealous  and  boyish  re- 
formers, it  seems,  know  better.  Nowhere  in  all 
the  compass  of  holy  writ  is  there  any  precept  de- 
nouncing those  amusements,  that  cannot  by  any 
fallacy  of  reasoning  be  in  any  way  connected  Avith 
abstract  morals,  or    prohibiting   the  mind  froiB 


recreating,  and  polishing,  and  enlightening  its 
original  roughness  and  darkness.  By  whose  au- 
thority, then,  docs  arrogant  conceited  ignorance 
try  to  wean  us  from  every  thing  that  charms  us  in 
the  works  of  genius,  because  it  shames  their  frothy 
and  vapid  nonsense  by  its  enchanting  beauty,  or 
because  it  is  not  a  sermon  ?  It  is  in  this  way  that 
the  preacher  becomes  the  ally  of  ignorance,  and 
that  the  mighty  masters  of  literature  are  robbed 
of  their  crowns  of  laurel,  to  bestow  on  some  pro- 
duction of  Miss  Hannah  More,  in  which  the  most 
improbable  fiction  of  imagination  is  coupled  with, 
the  majesty  of  eternal  truth. 

These  sentiments,  were  they  known,  would 
doubtless  bring  my  orthodoxy  in  question,  and 
scandalize  aunt  Kate,  who,  you  know,  neglects  all 
her  household  duties,  rather  than  not  go  to  a  night 
meeting.  I  care  not:  for  no  fear  of  misrepresent- 
ation shall  prevent  me  from  speaking  my  senti- 
ments on  this  conspiracy  against  the  smiles,  and 
spoits,  and  graces  of  the  mind  and  body.  I  believe 
that  the  writers  of  the  Scriptures  were  inspired, 
and  can  only  lament  that  those  to  whose  lot  it  falls 
to  interpret  them  are  not  equally  inspired  ;  for  then 
we  should  not  have  so  many  contradictory  systems. 


51 


I  am  unalterably  convinced  of  the  divinity  of  reli- 
gion ;  a  thousand  proofs  of  it  are  implanted  in  the 
nature  of  man:  and  it  is  not  the  least  demonstration 
of  its  being  upheld  by  an  Almighty  influence,  that 
it  continues  to  flourish  and  expand,  in  spite  of  the 
little  support  derived  either  from  the  precepts  or 
examples  of  its  new  teachers. 

Having  two  or  three  hours  to  spare  till  dinner, 
we  rambled  about  the  church-yard,  reading  the 
records  of  mortality,  which,  though  every  where 
confined  to  a  few  simple  items,  concerning  a  few 
insignificant  people,  are  always  interesting.  They 
are  the  history  of  high  and  low ;  and  none  can 
read  them  without  being  impressed  with  a  convic- 
tion that  all  are  his  brothers  at  last — for  all  die. 
He  who  moulders  below  was  born, — and  died ; 
and  whether  rich,  or  a  beggar,  his  short  history  is 
that  of  kings.  The  struggles  of  restless  ambition, 
— the  reverses  of  the  great, — and  the  story  of  the 
wreck  of  lofty  pride,  we  read  as  an  interesting 
romance,  addressing  itself  solely  to  the  imagina- 
tion :  but  when  a  monarch  or  a  hero  dies,  he 
becomes  our  equal ;  his  death  is  an  example  equal- 
ly with  that  of  the  meanest  mortal;  and  we  here 
realize  our  eoramon  nature,  and  common  end 


5fi 


While  poring  over  these  tombstones,  our  at- 
tention was  attracted  by  a  long  cavalcade,  on  foot, 
on  horseback,  and  in  carriages  of  various  kinds, 
winding  slowly  over  one  of  the  hills  at  a  distance. 
It  came  towards  the  church-yard,  entered  it,  and 
stopt  at  a  large  oak,  under  which  was  a  newly  dug 
grave  we  had  not  noticed  before.  The  people  of 
the  village  were  attracted  by  it,  and  came  up,  one 
after  another,  until  there  were,  I  suppose,  two 
hundred,  men,  women,  and  children,  gathered 
together.  Without  a  whisper,  except  that  of  the 
oaks  around,  the  coffin  was  taken  from  the  wa- 
gon, lowered  into  the  grave,  and  covered  with 
earth.  I  never  witnessed  a  silence  more  solemn 
and  affecting ;  and  beautiful  as  is  our  church  fu- 
neral service,  I  will  venture  to  say  it  never  raised 
a  feeling  of  more  deep  and  awful  devotion,  than 
that  which  impressed  the  dead  silence  around. 
There  was  no  need  of  saying  "  dust  to  dust ;" — 
every  clod  of  earth,  as  it  fell  hollowly  on  the 
coffin,    proclaimpfl    that;     neither    was    any    proof 

wanting  that  "  man  who  is  born  of  a  woman," 
must  die,  for  a  thousand  little  hillocks  around 
gave  silent  testimony  to  the  fact.  When  the 
mound  over  the  grave  was  smoothed  with  pious 


53 

care,  a  little  buzzing  ran  through  the  crowd — and 
as  it  slowly  separated,  some  ventured  to  talk 
about  the  deceased  person,  who  was,  I  found,  a 
Q,uaker  lady,  who  died— as  others  die,  of  some 
common  malady  or  other.  She  was  neither  a 
belle,  nor  a  beauty ; — no  crowd  ever  followed  her 
at  a  ball,  nor  could  I  learn  that  she  had  ever 
received  a  single  offer  of  marriage,  except  from 
the  person  we  had  left  still  standing  by  her  grave. 
Yet  there  was  something  in  the  story  I  learned  of 
her,  that  affected  me,  I  can  hardly  tell  why,  for  it 
was  not  the  least  romantic. 

It  seems  that  her  husband,  in  consequence  of 
imprudence  or  misfortune,  had  several  years 
before  been  confined  in  a  prison  for  debt, 
leaving  a  family  of  eight  children  destitute.  By 
the  rare  magic  of  industry  and  economy  united, 
this  woman,  by  her  own  labours,  kept  the  little 
ones  together, — fed,  clothed,  and  sent  them  to 
school,  until  the  gaol  accidentally  took  fire,  and 
the  prisoner  walked  home.  Here  he  afterward 
remained  unmolested,  for  the  virtues  of  his  wife 
had  sanctified  his  person.  There  is  a  species  of 
calm,  persevering,  courageous,  and  unconquerable 
industry,  that  gets  the  better  even  of  fate.    Such,  it 


34 


^eems,  wasthe  industry  of  this  valuable  woman,  and 
it  was  rewarded  even  in  this  world.  She  lived, — 
God  bless  her, — to  see  her  husband  independent, 
and  to  share  many  years  of  independence  with 
him.  She  reared  all  her  children,  saw  them 
honourably  settled,  and  heard  the  old  people 
say,  that  whatever  had  been  her  sacrifices  for 
them,  they  had  repaid  her,  by  their  dutiful  afFec- 
tion,  and  exemplary  conduct.  Then,  when  she 
at  last  died,  neither  poet  made  her  an  angel,  nor 
newspaper  eulogy  a  saint ;  but  the  neighbours, — 
the  neighbours,  followed  her  to  the  grave  without 
uttering  a  word, — and  the  husband  and  children 
stood  round  it  with  their  faces  covered. 

Now  if  this  little  true  story  wants  a  moral,  I 
think  it  will  easily  be  found.  For  my  part,  I 
cannot  help  believing  this  simple  G^uaker  woman 
was  a  more  valuable  being,  and  fulfilled  her  du- 
ties far  more  to  the  benefit  of  society,  than  if  she 
had  been  a  member  of  as  many  charitable  so- 
cieties as  aunt  Kate, — and  had  refused  as  many 
fools  as  a  lady  I  once  heard  of  in  Virginia.  I 
must  own  too,  that  I  consider  her  silent,  unobtru- 
sive, suffering,  fire-side  virtue,  as  far  preferable 
to  the  public  and  ostentatious  newspaper  charity, 


which,  in  the  present  time,  stalks  bravely  forth, 
and  beckons  every  worthless  vagabond  to  its 
shrine,  from  Europe,  Asia,  Africa,  and  America. 
Had  all  women  been  like  our  Quaker,  there  had 
been  little  need  of  these  societies ;  nor  had  so 
many  excellent  ladies  neglected  their  homes  to 
prowl  into  the  dens  of  profligate  vice,  and  soil  the 
purity  of  the  female  heart,  by  an  habitual  contem- 
plation of  the  disgusting  drama  of  human  misery, 
brought  on  by  human  depravity.  It  is  thus  they 
increase,  instead  of  diminish,  the  sum  of  vice 
and  misery,  by  teaching  idleness  and  profligacy 
to  become  more  idle  and  vicious,  in  the  certaint}'- 
that  in  the  last  resort,  they  can  live  without  either 
virtue  or  work,  in  this  charitable  age. 

Do  not  accuse  me,  I  beseech  you,  Frank,  of  a 
want  of  commiseration  for  the  wants  and  woes  of 
our  fellow-creatures.  I  have  lived  long  enough 
to  know,  that  to  relieve  the  wants  of  the  deserv- 
ing, without  encom'aging  the  wickedness  of  the 
profligate,  is  a  very  difiicult  matter;  and  requires 
a  knowledge  of  the  world  and  its  corruptions, 
which  I  do  most  earnestly  hope  our  mothers, 
wives, '  sisters,  and  daughters,  may  never  attain. 
I  have  seen  enough  too  of  the  world,  at  different 

Vol.  II.  6 


56 

times,  and  amid  occupations  the  most  various,  to 
convince  me  that  nothing  is  so  likely  to  make  this 
a  happy  world,  as  for  every  one  to  confine  them- 
selves to  the  care  of  making  the  domestic  circle 
around  them  happy.  The  exercise  of  benevo- 
lence, when  too  widely  spread,  is  apt  to  lose 
sight  of  the  centre  in  solicitude  for  the  extremes 
of  the  mighty  circle.  Few  people  have  either 
the  means  or  the  talent  for  producing  a  great 
public  good,  or  ameliorating  the  situation  of  man- 
kind in  general ;  but  all  have  a  little  sphere  over 
which  their  influence  Is  felt,  and  which  they  may 
do  a  great  deal  to  make  happy  or  wretched.  So- 
ciety is  composed  of  these  little  worlds;  and  to 
make  them  comfortable  is  to  create  the  happiness 
of  all  mankind.  These  observations  apply  more 
especially  to  women,  who  have  always  duties  to 
perform  at  home,  if  they  choose  to  attend  to 
them  ;  and  who  ought  to  leave  public  charities  to 
men,  who  are  acquainted  with  the  innumerable 
masks  under  which  idleness  and  vice  levy  contri- 
butions on  society. 

In  truth,  I  have  no  opinion  of  this  gadding 
benevolence  in  woman.  She  is  a  gentle  house- 
hold divinity;  she  is  neither  a  Jove,  to  direct  the 


57 

destinies  of  the  world ;  nor  a  Neptune,  to  quell 
the  raging  ocean.  She  reigns  over  the  happiness 
of  man,  not  by  leading  armies,  writing  essays  on 
suicide,  or  vindicating  the  right  of  women  to  be 
as  vicious  and  immodest  as  men, — or  by  enlisting 
in  a  blue-stocking  club, — or  by  diving  into  stews 
and  beer  cellars,  to  acquire  views  of  vice,  which 
the  most  virtuous  woman  cannot  witness  without 
soiling  the  purity  of  her  heart.  •  No,  Frank, — it  is 
not  by  such  means  that  women  become  the 
source  and  sacred  fountain  of  our  happiness.  It 
is  by  the  exercise  of  those  gentle  female  virtues 
that  pass  unheeded  by  the  world ;  that  excite  no 
buzz  of  public  applause,  and  cause  no  inflated 
biography  to  be  indited;  but  which  meet  their 
reward  in  the  gratitude  of  children — the  smiling 
happiness  of  the  domestic  circle, — the  lofty  and 
affectionate  estimation  of  the  husband, — and  the 
blessing  of  heaven.  Such  women  may  not  per- 
haps get  into  the  newspapers;  but  while  they 
live,  they  will  be  the  blessing  of  their  home ;  and 
when  they  die,  tears  of  bitter  sorrow  will  be  their 
eulogy ;  and  their  monuments,  a  crowd  of  neigh- 
bours and  relatives  standing  silently  weeping  by 
their  graves.     Good  bye. 


LETTER  XXVI. 


DEAR  FRANK, 

I  ONCE  knew  a  pious  old  lady,  who  never  saw 
or  heard  any  thing  in  this  world  that  did  not 
put  her  in  mind  of  Joseph  in  Egypt.  Whenever 
any  thing  was  told  her,  no  matter  what,  she  would 
take  a  pinch  of  snuff,  and  exclaim  with  a  devo- 
tional air,  "  Ah  !  that  puts  me  in  mind  of  Joseph 
in  Egypt."  Nobody  could  tell  why;  but  so  it 
was;  and  so  it  sometimes  happens  with  me — for 
seeing  a  picture  of  Joseph  in  Egypt  hanging  in 
the  room  this  evening,  it  actually  put  me  in  mind 
of  writing  you  a  letter.  By  what  concatenation 
or  dislocation  of  ideas  this  was  brought  about,  I 
have  not  just  now  leisure  to  explain,  having  other 
matters  on  hand. 

We  left  F about  eight  days  ago,  and  set 

forth  up  the  great  valley  between  the  Blue  Ridge 
6* 


60 

and  the  Allegany,  which  must  needs  be  called  a 
valley,  because  it  lies  between  two  mountains.  It 
is  however  in  every  part  too  wide  to  accord  with 
my  ideas  of  a  valley,  and  has  mountains  in  the 
very  centre  of  it.  In  addition  to  its  various  na- 
tural beauties,  it  contains  the  Natural  Bridge,  the 
cave  I  mentioned  formerly,  and  leads  to  Harper's 
Ferry,  affording  thus  as  many  attractions  to  the 
tourist  as  perhaps  any  portion  of  the  United 
States.  It  is  all  limestone  country ;  and  where 
this  prevails,  the  landscapes,  I  have  observed,  are 
always  rich,  variegated,  and  picturesque,  and  the 
earth  fruitful.  One  day  or  other,  when  the  roads 
in  this  part  of  the  world  shall  become  better,  and 
the  accommodations  more  comfortable,  this  re- 
gion I  doubt  not  will  be  resorted  to  from  various 
parts,  from  motives  of  pleasure,  health,  or  cu- 
riosity, by  the  idle,  the  invalid,  and  the  fashion- 
able. 

After  riding  something  more  than  a  dozen 
miles,  we  struck  upon  James  river,  upwards  of 
four  hundred  miles  from  its  mouth,  here  a  clear, 
deep,  and  gentle  stream,  navigable  for  large  bat- 
teaux.  We  crossed  it  by  a  toll-bridge,  and  skirted 
it  foi  some  distance,  till  we  came  to  a  little  town, 


61 

the  name  of  which  I  forget.  The  sun  was  just 
setting  behind  a  high  mountain,  which  comes  to 
an  untimely  end  just  as  it  strikes  the  river;  and  its 
last  rays  fell  on  the  sides  of  another  ridge,  into 
which  the  river  quietly  steals,  and  loses  itself  just 
below  the  village.  Boats  were  lying  along  the 
beach,  and  wagons  standing  on  the  bank,  the 
conductors  of  which  were  exchanging  various 
characteristic  jokes,  levelled  at  each  other's  occu- 
pations. It  was  the  old  story  of  Mrs.  Grundy  and 
Dame  Ashfield  over  and  over  again.  Walking 
along  the  bank  in  the  dusk  of  the  evening,  we 
heard  them  discussing  the  various  merits  of  canoes 
and  wagons,  and  telling  most  enormous  stories  of 
being  stuck  in  the  mud,  or  shooting  rapids,  some 
of  which  I  would  tell  you  over  again,  but  that  a 
good  story  in  a  batteaux  don't  do  to  tell  every 
where.  We  slept  at  the  house  of  a  good  French- 
man, who  keeps  a  store,  and  sells  every  thing, 
except  his  politeness,  which  he  gives  away  to  all 
like  an  honest  fellow. 

This  is  one  of  the  many  little  towns  we  find  in 
almost  every  part  of  this  country,  founded,  I  pre- 
sume, upon  speculation.  It  looks  sadly  hke  a 
licketty  bantling,  especially  about  the  lower  ex.- 


62 

tremity,  where  there  are  several  houses  that  ex- 
hibit, in  and  out,  the  genuine  livery  of  poverty.  It 
is  a  shame  to  tempt  people  from  the  wholesome 
labours  of  the  field,  and  the  enjoyment  of  a 
moderate  independence,  by  puffing  forth  the 
speculative  advantages  of  some  little  nook  or 
corner  along  the  river-side,  where  a  town  is 
founded — upon  Speculation — grows  for  a  little 
while  with  inauspicious  rapidity — then  lingers 
awhile  between  life  and  death,  and  then  sinks 
into  a  modern  ruin,  leaving  the  poor,  deluded 
adventurers  high  and  dry  on  the  shore,  or  rather 
steeped  in  poverty  to  the  very  lips.  I  don't  ab- 
solutely say  this  is  the  case  with  the  place  I  am 
speaking  of,  but  it  looks  very  suspicious ;  and  I 
fear  nothing  but  the  modern  magnum  bonum,  or 
philosopher's  stone,  to  wit,  a  paper  bank,  can  save 
it  from  going  the  way  of  all  flesh.  I  would  advise 
the  legislature  of  Virginia  to  locate,  as  the  phrase 
is,  one  of  the  contemplated  litter  of  banks  at  this 
place,  else,  to  use  the  words  of  Shakspeare,  as 
Oliver  does  the  classics — to  suit  my  present  pur- 
pose, 

Tiie  uncapt  domes,  the  inouMering  palisades, 
The  unroof 'd  tcmpleSf  nay,  the  globe  itself — 


(I  mean  the  sign  that  creeks  before  the  door) 
With  all  its  store  of  whiskey,  shall  exhale, 
And  Irke  a  baseless  dream  of  speculation, 
Leave  many  a  wreck  (I  mean  of  boats)  behind. 

1  was  roused  early  in  the  morning,  but  whether 
before  sunrise  or  not,  I  could  not  tell,  on  account 
of  a  thick  fog,  common  along  these  rivers,  but 
which  the  lady  of  the  house  assured  us  was  not 
unhealthy.  All  I  can  say  is,  it  made  me  feel  so 
aguish,  that  I  began  to  comprehend  the  necessity 
of  antifogmatics,  very  clearly,  for  a  man  in  a  fog. 
I'll  tell  you  a  secret,  if  you'll  promise  not  to  re- 
peat it — I  actually  took  a  mint  julap  slily,  while 
Oliver  was  cogitating  over  a  piece  of  flint,  which 
had  stuck  in  his  horse's  hoof  the  evening  before. 
I  do  believe  he  can  see  further  into  a  millstone 
than  most  people.  Thus  prepared,  I  encountered 
the  fog  manfully,  to  oblige  Oliver,  whose  impa- 
tience to  see  the  Natural  Bridge  very  naturally 
increased  as  we  approached  its  neighbourhood. 
At  about  twelve  o'clock  we  came  to  the  house  of 
a  very  merry  and  respectable  gentleman,  who 
cracks  jokes,  plays  the  fiddle,  and  condescends  to 
entertain  travellers,  I  believe  more  to  accommo- 
date the  public  than  for  gain,  for  he  has  a  great 


64 

farm ;  and  every  thing  around  him  gives  token  of 
a  goodly  independence. 

Being  now  within  hail,  we  set  out  before  dinner 
to  see  the  bridge,  distant,  they  say,  a  mile  and  a 
half,  though  it  appeared  to  me  at  least  six.  Our 
guide  was  a  most  ancient  and  venerable  Hessian, 
who,  to  use  his  own  expression,  was  "  rented'''  out 
to  the  King  of  England,  by  the  legitimate  Prince 
of  Hesse  Cassel,  to  cut  the  throats  of  people  who 
never  did  him  any  injury,  and  never  certainly 
came  in  his  way,  being  at  a  distance  of  between 
three  and  four  thousand  miles.  For  this  pleasant 
and  christian-likp  job,  be  recpived  four  pence 
three  farthings  per  day,  his  Royal  Highness  the 
Prince  of  Hesse  deducting  one  penny  farthing 
from  the  sixpence  paid  him  by  King  George  for 
the  privilege  of  fighting  the  rebels.  The  old  man 
acted  as  some  of  the  heroes  of  chivalry  did  before 
him,  when  young  ladies  used  to  go  about  tilting  in 
armour,  disguised.  He  first  fought,  and  then  fell 
in  love  with  this  blooming  youthful  land,  and  when 
the  war  was  over  quietly  remained  behind,  leaving 
King  George  to  settle  the  account  with  his  master 
as  well  as  he  could.  He  is  "  high  gravel  blind," 
like  Launcelot  Gobbo's  father,  and,  like  a  true 


65 

Cicerone,  destroys  the  effort  of  a  sudden  surprise, 
by  telling  you  that  you  tvill  be  surprised  by  ap- 
proaching the  bridge  without  knowing  it.  The 
consequence  is,  that  you  approach  cautiously,  and 
to  the  great  mortification  of  honest  Cicerone,  are 
not  surprised  at  all,  by  the  suddenness  of  its  ap- 
pearance. 

The  late  President  Jefferson  deserves  the  ill- 
will  of  every  traveller  in  this  part  of  the  world,  by 
having  in  his  Notes  on  Virginia,  a  work  now  be- 
come classical,  given  a  description  off  this  bridge, 
so  provokingly  happy,  so  inexcusably  correct,  that 
none  can  expect  to  rival  him,  and  therefore  the 
less  I  say  about  it  the  better.  All  I  will  venture 
to  say  is,  that  as  I  looked  down  into  the  gulf 
from  above  my  knees  shook  under  me  ;  and  as  I 
looked  up,  from  below,  at  its  sweeping  arch,  blue 
as  the  heavens  that  appeared  above,  and  everlast- 
ing as  the  earth  beneath,  I  was  struck  with  a  feel- 
ing of  sublimity  which  no  object  I  have  ever  seen 
had  hitherto  inspired.  We  cannot  measure  the 
extent  of  our  feelings  of  the  sublime,  by  calculat- 
ing the  dimensions  of  any  object ;  it  is  the  effect, 
and  not  the  cause,  that  furnishes  the  criterion  of 
sublimity ;  and  there  is  often  in  the  arrangement* 


66 

oF  nature,  something  which  produces  a  feeling 
independent  of  magnitude,  and  dimensions,  either 
hy  its  simplicity,  its  aspect,  its  appearance  of 
eternal  duration,  or  its  immeasurable  superiority 
over  similar  works  of  man. 

This  is  peculiarly  the  case  with  the  Natural 
Bridge,  which  unites  all  those  sources  of  the  sub- 
lime. Its  simplicity  is  admirable — it  is  one  single 
blue,  white-veined  arch,  unbroken  and  unorna- 
mented ;  its  aspect  is  that  of  severe  and  adaman- 
tine hardness — unbroken  by  a  single  fissure,  and 
indicating  a  duration  without  aid — while  its  name 
and  its  uses  cause  a  direct  comparison  between 
this  lofty  work  of  nature  and  the  works  of  art 
erected  for  similar  purposes.  The  result  of  this 
comparison,  which  crosses  the  mind  quick  as 
lightning,  is  a  feeling  of  the  sublime,  more  definite 
than  that  caused  by  the  contemplation  of  natural 
objects,  which  do  not  challenge  this  direct  and 
inevitable  comparison  with  the  productions  of  art. 
All  the  views  of  the  Natural  Bridge  that  I  have 
seen  are  utterly  deficient  in  conveying  a  tolerable 
idea  of  the  general  aspect  and  expression  of  this 
admirable  scene,  which  seems  calculated  to  mor- 
tify the  pride  of  man,  by  proving  that  neither  his 


67 


imagination  or  his  art  is  capable  of  conveying 
even  a  remote  idea  of  its  majestic  beauty. 

Some  leaden  genius,  I  know  not  who,  has  erect- 
ed a  little  wooden  sentry-box  on  the  top  of  the 
bridge,  about  the  centre  of  the  arch,  and  inter- 
sected it  below  by  a  canvas  tube  reaching  from 
the  top  to  the  bottom,  thus  destroying  the  unity 
of  effect  both  above  and  below.  His  object  was 
to  make  shot,  although  I  am  told  there  is  no  lead 
within  half  a  thousand  miles,  except  what  may 
peradventure  be  detected  in  that  part  of  his  skull 
where  other  people's  brains  are  usually  found. 

On  our  return,  mine  host  played  us  a  tune  on 
the  fiddle  ;  beat  Oliver  at  backgammon  ;  cracked 
a  joke  or  two  upon  Cicerone ;  gave  us  a  stout 
dinner,  and  packed  us  off  right  merrily  on  our 
Avay.  By  the  by,  a  traveller  ought  never  to  laugh 
till  he  gets  to  the  end  of  his  day's  journey,  as 
there  is  no  knowing  what  may  happen  by  the  way. 
A  proof  of  this  is,  we  got  caught  in  a  shower 
before  we  arrived  at  Lexington,  and  were  in  such 
a  hurry  to  get  there  that  we  missed  admiring  a 
very  charming  country  until  next  morning,  whe« 
the  fog  was  so  thick,  that  I  am  credibly  informed 
a  west  country  wagoner,  in  crossiog  over  the  Blue 

Vol.  II.  ^ 


Kidge,  ran  plump  into  the  face  of  the  blessed  sun, 
and  gave  him  a  sore  bruise.  This  explains  the 
veritable  cause  of  the  spot  which  has  given  so 
much  uneasiness,  as  I  perceive,  to  the  supervisors 
of  that  glorious  luminary.  Farewell.  1  expect 
to  find  a  letter  from  you  at  Staunton. 


LETTER  XXTTI. 


DEAR  FRANK, 

v)UR  worthy  friend,  brother  Jonathan,  though  a 
pretty  high-spirited  independent  fellow  in  most 
respects,  has  a  mortal  hankering  after  Johnny 
Bull's  cast-off  clothes.  Whenever  John  throws 
off  an  old  coat,  or  a  worn-out  pair  of  breeches, 
nothing  will  do  but  Jonathan  must  put  them  on, 
and  strut  about  from  Boston  to  Georgia,  to  show 
off  his  secondhand  finery.  So  with  my  lady  Mrs. 
Jonathan,  who  copies  Mrs.  Bull  in  all  her  fashion- 
able equipments.  This  imitative  habit  is  the 
strongest  proof  of  a  want  of  original  genius  that 
can  be,  and  produces  the  most  ridiculous  incon- 
sistencies, both  in  dress  and  in  much  more  im- 
portant matters.  Ever  since  it  was  unaccountably 
found  out  there  was  such  a  wonderful  resemblance 
between  the  constitution  of  an  English  hereditary- 


70 

monarchy,  and  an  American  democratic  elective 
republic,  our  political  doctors  draw  all  their  nos- 
trums from  the  practice  of  British  schools ;  with- 
out considering  whether  the  stimulating  prescrip- 
tion that  will  serve  to  revivify  for  a  while  an  old 
worn-out  system,  may  not  very  likely  prove  highly 
injurious  to  a  healthy  and  youthful  constitution. 
It  would  be  well  for  these  statesmen,  1  think,  to 
consider  whether  that  system,  the  complete  tri- 
umph of  which  has  impoverished  a  people,  and 
made  a  nation  of  beggars,  is  founded  upon  a  basis 
of  wisdom  so  immutable  as  they  would  lead  us  to 
believe. 

It  is  an  easy  matter  for  a  congressional  orator  to 
quote  Pitt,  or  Burke,  in  support  of  his  argument ; 
— this  requires  nothing  but  a  good  memory.  But 
it  would  be  much  better,  though  not  quite  so 
easy,  to  look  this  country  in  the  face,  study  her 
aspect,  her  wants,  her  peculiar  advantages  and 
disadvantages,  and  then  to  form  his  political  sys-. 
tem  on  these ;  and  not,  as  is  the  fashion  of  the 
times,  on  inapplicable  precedents,  and  examples 
not  possessing  a  single  feature  of  analogy.  Ed- 
mund Burke  exhibited  inconsistencies  in  his  po- 
litical opinions,  that,  if  they  do  not  impeach  hi^ 


71 


virtue,  at  least  call  in  question  his  wisdom ;  for  a 
virtuous  man  seldom, — a  wise  one  never — fiics  to 
opposite  extremes.  In  the  meridian  of  his  man- 
lier intellect,  when  he  produced  the  masterpieces 
of  his  genius,  he  was  a  friend  to  the  rights  of  the 
people,  and  an  opponent  to  the  prerogatives  of 
the  king.  But  in  his  old  age,  when  grown  timid, 
avaricious,  and  poor  withal,  he  changed  his  opi- 
nions, and  fancied  he  had  become  wise,  when  he 
had  only  become  unfeeling.  Men  often  become 
wise  in  this  way,  by  losing  all  the  noble  and  disin- 
terested feelings  of  youth,  rather  than  by  gaining 
any  accession  of  wisdom.  With  some  people, 
wisdom  is  only  selfishness. 

This  dunce-like  attachment  to  old  standing 
rules,  which  time,  or  change  of  circumstance  or 
situation  have  rendered  inapplicable,  extends  even 
to  inquiries  respecting  matters  in  which  a  man's 
own  individual  feelings  alone  are  concerned,  and 
which  the  tribunal  of  bis  own  breast  ought  alone 
to  decide.  Even  here  Brother  Jonathan  must 
needs  resort  to  English  authority,  and  inquire 
what  Edmund  Burke  did  or  said  on  the  occasion, 
rather  than  consult  his  own  feelings  as  to  what  is 

becoming,  in  hinj  to  do.     Nay,   if  Johnny  Bull: 

7.  « 


72 


becomes  religious,  brother  Jonathan  must  become 
so  too  j  if  one  sends  missionaries  to  the  Brahmins, 
(he  other  must  go  about  begging  for  the  same 
purpose ;  if  one  affects  to  encourage  the  fine  arts, 
llie  other  must  have  his  academies; — and  if  the 
one  institutes  Saving  Banks  for  poor  people  that 
have  no  money  to  save,  the  other  must  say, 
•'  ditto  to  Mr.  Burke ;"  and  if  it  is  the  fashion 
abroad  to  make  dumb  men  mighty  philosophers^ 
be  sure  it  will  take  in  this  country.  Those  who 
laugh  in  their  sleeves,  are  content  to  be  silent, 
knowing  that  absurdities  which,  if  let  alone,  would 
soon  die  a  natural  death,  often  become  eternal  by 
opposition. 

But  what  renders  all  this  mighty  ridiculous  is, 
that  it  is  but  secondhand  finery,  which  we  only 
get  when  they  are  sick  of  it  abroad.  There  was 
a  German  shoemaker  Jew,  who  turned  Christian, 
it  is  said,  and  preached  in  London,  to  the  great 
delight  of  the  old  ladies,  and  the  old  gentlemen  m 
petticoats.  They  grew  tired  of  his  stupidity  and 
ignorance  at  last;  and  now  I  perceive  he  has 
come  to  this  country  to  try  bow  his  old  coat  wiH 
fit  brother  Jonathan.  In  no  instance,  however, 
is   this  propensity  to  imitation   carried  to   such 


73 

ridiculous  extremes  as  in  the  manner  of  dressing 
practised  by  Mrs.  Jonathan,  who  has  a  most 
vehement  desire  to  figure  with  Mrs.  Bull,  and 
the  rest.  Independently  of  the  great  difference 
in  climate  between  our  northern  parts,  and  Eng- 
land or  France,  it  is  generally  about  three  or 
four  months  after  their  invention  abroad  that 
Mrs.  Jonathan  gets  the  fashions.  It  generally 
happens,  therefore,  that  the  modes  invented  and 
adapted  for  summer  there,  become  the  dress  of 
our  ladies  for  autumn  or  winter;  and  so  with 
respect  to  the  other  seasons.  No  wonder  our  dear 
little  girls  so  often  cover  their  friends  with  suits  of 
mourning,  and  break  the  hearts  of  their  lovers, 
by  dying  of  consumptions.  On  some  future  occa- 
sion, I  may  perhaps  trace  the  effects  of  this  pro- 
pensity for  John  Bull's  old  clothes,  on  our  litera- 
ture, where  it  is  most  important  of  all,  because 
it  strikes  at  the  root  of  every  thing  we  do,  and 
say,  and  think,  and  feel.  At  present  I  have  merely 
trifled  on  the  subject, — but  I  have  said  enough 
to  tire  myself,  and  to  raise  a  hornet's  nest  about 
my  ears,  if  it  were  known  I  don't  believe  in  Sav- 
ing Banks,  nor  any  banks; — nor  in  dumb  philoso- 
phers,— nor   converted    journeymen   Jew    shoe- 


74 


makers, — nor,  least  of  all,  In  the  absurd  idea  that 
some  half  a  dozen  ignorant  missionaries,  who 
never  prrformed  a  miracle  at  home,  are  able, 
without  a  miracle,  to  convert  men  from  the  reli- 
gion of  Brahma,  fortified,  as  it  is,  beyond  any  other 
system  ever  devised,  and  become  more  sacred  in 
the  eyes  of  its  professors,  by  a  duration  of  which 
none  can  tell  the  beginning. 

But  I  am  getting  a  bad  habit  of  digressing  in 
such  a  desperate  manner,  that  sometimes  1  have 
hard  work  to  find  what  I  ought  to  be  talking  about. 
It  seems  with  me  as  it  fared  with  Achilles,  of 
whom  it  was  foretold,  that  if  he  ever  left  his  na- 
tive home,  he  would  never  return. —  So,  if  I  lose 
my  subject,  I  seem  fated  never  to  find  it  again, 
as  the  poor  man  in  the  Rambler,  who  ram- 
bled about  in  search  of  flowers,  till  he  could  nei- 
ther find  the  place  of  his  destination,  nor  that  of 
his  departure.  But  I  am  not  without  some  ex- 
cuse ;  for  owing  to  the  various  causes  I  have 
touched  on  heretofore,  a  traveller  could  not  pos- 
sibly get  along  if  he  told  of  nothing  but  what 
actually  occurred  to  him,  and  of  nothing  but  wliat 
he  actually  saw  or  heard. 


75 


In  reading  the  relations  of  old  travellers,  I  am 
tempted  almost  to  believe,  that  every  thing  in 
this  country  has  been,  for  two  centuries  at  least, 
growing  downwards,  like  unto  a  cow's  tail.  The 
Baron  la  Hontan,  who  wrote  in  16S3,  says,  the 
Fall  of  Niagara  was  then  between  seven  and  eight 
hundred  feet  high. — "  O,  what  a  fall  was  there, 
my  countrymen  !"  Nothing  ever  equalled  it,  ex- 
cept Adam's  fall,  the  greatest  1  ever  heard  of. 
Father  Charlevoix  charges  the  Baron  with  being 
a  baron  of  the  order  of  Munchausen ;  but  the 
good  Father  himself,  who  wrote  in  1720,  in  order 
to  shine,  I  suppose,  by  contrast,  tells  several 
matters  of  fact  that  require  great  faith  in  the 
reader  to  credit.  For  my  part,  I  don't  believe 
one  of  these,  except  the  story  of  the  eagle,  who, 
now-a-days,  I  suppose,  economizes  his  wood,  on 
account  of  its  growing  scarce.  He  talks  of  rat- 
tlesnakes thicker  than  a  man's  thigh  j  of  eagle's 
nests  from  which  they  got  a  full  cart  load  of  wood  ; 
of  owls  who  cunningly  broke  the  toes  of  mice  to 
prevent  the  little  rogues  from  running  away,  and 
then  fattened  them  in  hollow  trees  for  their  win- 
ter's food  ;  of  elks  curing  themselves  of  the  epi- 
lepsy by  scratching  the   left   ear  with  the  right 


76 


hoof  until  it  bled, — and  of  other  matters  utterly 
imswallowable,  as  Doctor  Johnson  does  not  say.  It 
was  worth  while  to  travel  in  those  days,  when  a 
man  had  the  country  all  to  himself  as  it  were. 
But  now,  the  learned  people  will  not  believe  any 
thing  but  their  own  theories ;  and  the  unlearned 
believe  nothing  but  what  is  probable.  As  to 
yourself,  I  can  hardly  tell  where  to  class  you ;  for 
while  you  scout  the  idea  of  cats'  sneezing  being 
ominous  of  a  storm,  you  believe  in  the  Huttonian 
theory; — and  while  you  deny  that  crabs  grow  fat 
at  the  full  of  the  moon,  you  put  full  faith  in  the 
story  of  a  shower  of  crabs  which  it  is  said  once  fell 
out  in  the  West  Indies. 

The  little  town  of  Lexington,  somewhere  about 
which  I  believe  I  left  myself  in  my  last  letter,  is 
charmingly  situated  in  the  midst  of  a  rich  country, 
gently  undulating  like  the  waves  of  the  ocean. 
Around  it  are  many  fine  farms,  and  pleasant 
country  houses,  conveying  an  idea  of  that  de- 
lightful repose,  that  quiet  independence,  which  is 
so  peculiarly  the  lot  of  him  who  cultivates  the 
soil;  and  which,  whoever  knows  when  he  is  well 
off,  will  never  be  tempted  to  resign  by  the  allure- 
ments of  sudden  wealth,  or  commercial  glitter. 


77 

O  fortunatos  niinium^  sua  si  bona  novint — I  for- 
get the  rest — says  honest  farmer  Virgil,  who,  if 
he  knew  any  thing  about  farming,  was  an  excep- 
tion to  all  the  poets  1  ever  knew,  either  personally 
or  by  report.  This  was  all  I  could  see  of  the 
country,  just  in  the  environs  of  Lexington ;  for  it 
was  raining,  as  I  mentioned,  when  we  arrived, 
and  foggy  when  we  departed.  But  I  saw  enough 
to  convince  me  the  landscape  was  beautiful.  I 
saw  in  the  town  a  handsome  court-house  and 
church,  both  of  brick;  a  proof  there  is  both  Law 
and  Gospel  in  Virginia,  though  aunt  Kale  don't 
believe  a  word  of  it.     Farewell. 


LETTER  XXVIII. 


DEAR  FRANK, 

At  S I  received  your  letter,  giving  all  the 

city  news.  It  grieves  me  to  hear  of  the  increas- 
ing abominations  prevailing  in  that  goodly  metro- 
polis ;  which  seems  destined  to  be  for  ever  the 
sport  of  fashionable  caprices,  and  rantipole  eccen- 
tricities. 1  am  consoled,  however,  for  a  great 
naany  things,  by  the  exemplary  conduct  of  the 
ladies,  who,  I  understand,  are  grown  so  economical, 
that  they  save  nearly  half  the  expense  of  clothing, 
by  paring  off  the  superfluities  above  and  below. 
This  is  setting  a  noble  example,  and  I  wondfjr  the 
economical  orators  in  congress  have  n-jt  made 
honourable  mentioti  of  it  before  now.  But  I  sup- 
pose they  will  next  session ;  for  Ust  winter,  at 
Washington,  I  observed  one  of  the  ni  taking  particu- 
lar notice  of  a  lady  not  abovr^  half  naked.  The 
Vol.  II.  8 


80 

account  you  give  of  aunt  Kate  diverted  me  out  of 
all  measure.  You  tell  me,  that  not  content  with 
being  already  a  member  of  six-and-forty  charita- 
ble societies,  she  has  lately  got  up  one  for  the  re- 
lief of  the  poor  orphans,  whose  mothers  have  burn- 
ed themselves  on  the  funeral  pile  of  their  deceased 
husbands  in  the  East  Indies  !  If  things  go  on  at 
this  rate,  honest  industry  will  ere  long  become  a 
mere  slave  to  the  self-created  necessities  of  the 
idle,  and  every  beggar  will  have  as  many  retainers 
to  support  his  state  and  supply  his  wants,  as  a 
feudal  baron.  What  business  have  men  to  be 
beggars  in  this  plenteous  land,  where  industry  is 
ever  the  forerunner  of  independence,  and  poverty 
is  so  much  the  mere  consequence  of  laziness  and 
vice  ?  1  have  heard  of  a  fellow,  who  found  his 
quarters  in  the  State-prison  so  comfortable,  that 
the  very  day  after  he  was  let  out,  he  stole  a  turkey 
in  the  open  day,  on  purpose  to  get  back  to  the 
enjoyment  of  otium  cum  dignitate.  I  fear  it  is 
much  the  same  with  those  who  are  only  idle,  and 
who  become  so  much  attached  to  a  life  supported 
at  the  expense  of  other  people's  labour,  that  they 
will  never  be  brought  to  submit,  except  through 
sheer  necessity,  to  the  drudgery  of  working  again. 


81 

That  this  is  the  operation  of  indiscriminate  chari- 
ty, appears  in  the  enormous  increase  of  charitable 
societies,  which  are  totally  unnecessary,  unless 
the  number  of  poor  is  increased  in  proportion. 
What  other  reason  is  there  for  this  increase  of  beg- 
gary, except  the  new  facilities  of  living  at  the 
expense  of  industry  ?  Is  the  country  impoverish- 
ed ?  Is  the  country  overpeopled  ?  Are  the  avenues 
of  labour  choked  up,  or  are  the  means  of  obtain- 
ing an  honest  livelihood  diminished,  that  we  thus 
see  one  city  alone  taxed  150,000  dollars  a  year,  to 
support  its  poor,  and  twice  that  sum  distributed 
through  various  other  channels,  for  the  same  pur- 
pose ?  If  these  things  go  on,  our  cities  will  be- 
come saddled,  in  time,  with  a  most  precious 
inheritance  of  pauperism  ;  for  as  the  news  of  these 
promised  lands  spreads  abroad,  the  whole  country 
will  be  depopulated  of  beggary,  and  idleness,  that 
will  come  from  far  and  near,  allured  by  the  pros- 
pect of  living  pleasantly  at  the  expense  of  other 
people.     But  enough  of  this  beggarly  subject. 

In  return  for  the  interesting  information  con- 
veyed in  your  letter,  you  ask  me  more  questions 
than  I  can  answer  in  six  months.  One  of  these 
has  diverted  me  so  much,  that  in  pure  gratitude 


82 

for  the  amusement  it  afforded,  I  will  take  it  in 
hand  forthwith.  I  am  sure  aunt  Kate  put  it  into 
your  wise  head.  You  ask  me  seriously  if  there 
are  any  churches  in  this  part  of  the  world  ;  and 
whether  people  ever  go  to  church  here,  except 
when  they  are  carried  to  be  buried  ?  I  did  not 
mention  to  you  my  stopping  the  Sunday  before 
last  at  a  rambling  village,  where  I  was  smitten 
with  the  sight  of  a  little  church,  for  the  purpose 
of  attending  the  service.  I  generally  keep -these 
things  to  myself,  for  I  think  that  a  man  who  talks 
always  about  his  religion  is  pretty  much  on  a  par 
with  one  who  does  the  same  of  his  honesty.  I 
would'nt  trust  either  quite  as  far  as  I  could  see 
him.  But  I  will  now  answer  your  question  by 
telling  you  all  about  it. 

You  must  know,  that  after  riding  about  a  dozen 
miles  before  breakfast  one  Sunday  morning,  we 
came  to  a  village,  at  the  end  of  which  there 
was  a  little  neat  stone  church,  almost  buried  in 
a  wood  of  lofty  oaks,  under  which  there  was  a 
green  lawn  without  any  underwood.  It  reminded 
me  of  an  old  familiar  scene  of  early  days,  and 
also  of  a  great  duty ;  and  after  breakfast  we  went 
with  our  good  landlady  to  church.     The  pew  was 


83 

close  by  an  open  window,  out  of  which  you  could 
see  through  the  opening  trees  a  little  clear  river. 
Farther  on  a  broad  expanse  of  green  meadow 
— beyond  that  a  far-fading  mountain — and  above 
it  a  bright  blue  sky.  What  a  path  for  a  man's 
thoughts  to  ascend  to  heaven  !  Nothing  was  heard 
but  the  chirping  of  birds,  peeping  sometimes  into 
the  window  ;  or  the  cautious  footsteps  of  the  vil- 
lagers, creeping  up  the  aisle,  until  the  service  com- 
menced. 

The  hymn  was  sung  first,  and  began  with, 
."  There  is  a  land  of  pure  delight,"  &ic.  and  was 
sung  with  that  plaintive  simplicity  we  sometimes 
notice  in  the  ballad  of  a  country  lad,  of  a  summer's 
evening.  The  appearance  of  the  preacher  was  as 
simple  as  his  discourse  j  and  there  was  nothing  to 
mark  any  peculiarity,  except  a  Scottish  accent 
that  announced  his  parentage.  There  was  no 
need  of  his  proclaiming  the  beneficence,  or  power 
of  the  Divinity,  for  the  balmy  air,  the  glowing 
sunshine,  the  rich  and  plenteous  fields,  that  lay 
spread  around  as  far  as  the  eye  could  reach,  told 
of  the  one  ;  while  the  lofty  mountains,  visible  in 
every  direction,  proclaimed  the  other.  He  left 
the  attributes  of  the  Deity  to  be  read  in  his  glo- 
8* 


rjous  works,  and  with  simple  pathos,  called  on  his 
hearers  to  show  their  gratitude  for  his  dispensa- 
tions, by  the  decency,  usefulness,  and  peaceful- 
ness,  of  their  lives.  His  precepts  denounced  no 
innocent  recreation,  and  I  was  told  his  example 
encouraged  no  vice  or  irregularity — not  even  the 
besetting  sin  of  his  profession,  pride  and  arro- 
gance. He  ended  his  discourse  without  any 
theatrical  flourish  of  trumpets — without  seeking 
to  elevate  the  Saviour  by  placing  him  above  Soc- 
rates or  any  other  heathen  philosopher  ;  and  I  be- 
lieve without  creating  in  his  hearers  any  other 
feeling  than  that  of  a  gentle  quiet  sentiment  of 
devotion,  not  so  high  toned,  but  more  lasting  and 
salutary  than  mere  enthusiasm.  Another  hymn 
Was  sung,  and  the  audience  came  out  of  church, 
but  wait«d  on  either  side  of  the  path  outside  the 
door,  to  shake  hands  and  say  how  d'ye  do,  as  is 
the  good  old  country  custom. 

There  was  nothing  certainly  in  all  this,  but  what 
may  be  seen  in  almost  any  church,  and  yet  it  made 
an  impression  on  me  that  is  still  pleasing-  and 
touching  in  the  remembrance.  I  don't  know  how 
it  is,  but  there  is  something  in  the  repose  of  the 
country,  and  particularly  in  the  silence  and  shade 


85 

of  deep  groves^  that  is  allied  to  religious  emotions 
by  some  inscrutable  tie.  Perhaps  it  is  because 
almost  every  object  we  see  in  the  country  is  the 
work  of  Deity,  and  every  object  common  to  cities 
the  work  of  man.  Though  we  do  not  make  the 
comparison  consciously,  yet  the  result  is  the  same  ; 
or  perhaps  much  more  forcible,  because  the  im- 
pression is  that  of  feeling,  rather  than  of  reason- 
ing. 

If  I  doubted  the  divinity  of  the  Christian  faith, 
which  I  do  not,  seeing  as  I  do  the  influence  of  its 
pure  morality,  its  humane,  and  benignant,  and 
softening  precepts,  I  would  never  whisper  of 
doubt.  Independently  of  the  sad  effects  that 
would  result  from  weakening  the  foundatioH  of  this 
system  of  morals,  in  the  minds  of  those  who  ha*-e 
not  capacity  to  perceive  its  importance  to  the 
happiness  of  society,  and  therefore  follow  it  from  a 
conviction  of  its  divine  origin,  the  attempt  would 
deservedly  end  in  disi^race  and  discomfiture.  None 
but  a  vain  and  foolish  man  would,  therefore, 
undertake  the  task  of  weakening  the  force  of  any 
of  those  beneficial  opinions,  which,  if  not  founded 
in  truth,  are  at  least  necessary  to  the  well-being  of 
society.     The  ignorant  will  oppose  him  from  the 


86 

influence  of  an  old  established  habit  of  thinking, 
and  the  wise  from  a  conviction  of  the  salutary 
effect  of  such  impressions. 

Nothing  can  more  completely  show  the  impor- 
tance of  religion,  not  only  to  the  morals  but  the 
manners  of  the  great  mass  of  mankind,  than  the 
contrast  afforded  by  a  village  where  there  is  regu- 
lar service  every  Sabbath-day,  and  one  where 
there  is  none.  In  the  former  you  see  a  different 
style  of  manners  entirely.  Instead  of  lounging  at 
a  tavern,  dirty  and  unshaven,  the  men  are  seen 
decently  dressed  and  shaved,  for  the  purpose  of 
going  to  church ;  and  the  v/omen  exhibiting  an 
air  of  neatness  quite  attractive.  Whether  they  go 
to  church  to  pray,  or  pass  their  tiifie,  to  see 
their  neighbours  and  be  seen,  or  to  show  off  their 
Sunday  clothes  ;  it  keeps  them  from  misusing  the 
Sabbath,  and  polluting  the  periods  of  rest  and  re- 
laxation, by  practices  either  injurious  to  them- 
selves or  disgraceful  to  society.  Whoever  has 
become  acquainted  with  the  nature  of  man,  first 
by  his  own  experience,  and  next  by  an  observa- 
tion of  others,  must  be  fully  convinced  of  the  im- 
portance of  giving  him  amusements  that  are  not 
vicious,  and  modes  of  relaxation  that  are  innocent. 


87 


"  All  work  and  no  play  makes  Jack  a  dull  boy" — 
so  does  it  make  him  a  dull  and  stupid  man.  Men, 
in  truth,  cannot  always  be  employed ;  and  those 
who  are  unable  to  supply  the  tedium  of  bodily 
inertness,  by  the  exercise  of  the  mind,  will — I  say 
will,  amuse  themselves  in  some  way  or  other.  If 
you  afford  them  the  means  of  attending  church  on 
the  Sabbath — the  most  dangerous  day  of  the 
week,  because  a  day  of  idleness — whatever  be 
their  motives  for  going  there,  both  their  morals 
and  their  manners  will  be  softened,  by  having 
some  object  for  decency  in  dress  and  behaviour; 
and  something  salutary  to  attract  them  in  the 
dangerous  interregnum  of  a  day  of  leisure. 

Having  answered  your  first  inquiry,  I  shall  take 
up  the  others  when  it  suits  my  convenience ;  or 
when  I  have  nothing  else  to  write  about.  Good 
bye. 


LETTER  XXIX. 


DEAR  FRANK, 

Yesterday  we  laid  by  at  the  lUtle  town  of 

W .     It  was  court  time,  and  two  lawyers,  the 

pick  of  the  whole  country  round,  were  to  take 
the  field  against  each  other,  in  a  suit  between  a 
wagoner  and  a  batteauxman,  in  a  case  of  assault 
and  battery.  You  are  to  understand,  the  beautiful 
river  Shenandoah  passes  not  far  from  this  town, 
and  is  navigable  for  batteaux ;  while  at  no  great 
distance  runs  the  great  western  road,  which  is 
travelled  by  the  west  country  wagoners — some  of 
whom,  you  know,  are  "  half  horse,  half  alligator;" 
others  "  part  earthquake,  and  a  little  of  the 
steam-boat ;"  and  others  compounded,  according 
to  their  own  accounts,  of  ingredients  altogether 
different  from  the  common  constituent  parts  of 
the  rest  of  mankind.     The  batteauxmen  are  for 


90 


the  most  part  composed  of  materials  equally 
combustible  ;  and  the  consequence  is,  that  occa- 
sionally, when  they  meet,  they  strike  fire,  and 
blow  up  the  powder  magazine  each  carries  about 
him  in  the  form  of  a  heart. 

The  history  of  the  present  contest,  as  detailed 
by  the  Counsel  for  the  plaintiff,  is  as  follows : 
One  summer  evening,  when  the  mild  air,  the 
purple  light,  the  green  earth,  and  the  blue  sky,  all 
seemed  to  invite  to  peace  and  repose,  the  batteaux- 
man  fastened  his  boat  to  the  stump  of  a  tree, 
lighted  his  fire  to  broil  his  bacon,  and  began  to 
sing  that  famous  song  of  "  The  opossum  up  the 
gum-tree."  By  and  by  a  west  country  wagoner 
chanced  to  come  jingling  his  bells  that  way,  and 
stopping  his  wagon,  unhooked  his  horses,  carried 
them  round  to  the  little  trough  at  the  back  of 
his  vehicle,  gave  them  some  shortSy  sat  himself 
down  at  the  top  of  the  bank,  below  which  the 
batteauxman  was  sitting  in  his  boat,  and  began  to 
whistle  "  The  batteauxman  robb'd  the  old  wo- 
man's hen-roost."  The  batteauxman  cocked  up 
his  eye  at  the  wagoner,  and  the  wagoner  looking 
askance  down  on  the  batteauxman,  took  a  chew 
of  tobacco  with  a  leer  that  was  particularly  irri- 


rating.  The  batteauxman  drew  out  his  whiskey- 
bottle,  took  a  drink,  and  put  the  cork  in  again,  at 
the  same  time  thrusting  his  tongue  in  his  cheek 
in  a  manner  not  to  be  borne.  The  wagoner  flap- 
ped his  hands  against  his  hips,  and  crowed  like  a 
cock ;  the  batteauxman  curved  his  neck,  and 
neighed  like  a  horse.  Being,  however,  men  of 
rather  phlegmatic  habits,  they  kept  their  tempers 
so  far  as  not  to  come  to  blows  just  then.  In  a 
few  minutes  the  wagoner  swore  "  he  had  the 
handsomest  sweetheart  of  any  man  in  all  Green- 
briar."  The  batteauxman  jumped  up  in  a  pas- 
sion, but  sat  down  again,  and  took  a  drink.  In  a 
few  minutes  the  wagoner  swore  ''  he  had  the 
finest  horse  of  any  man  in  a  hundred  miles." 
The  batteauxman  bounced  up,  pulled  the 
waistband  of  his  trowsers,  took  another  drink, 
and  bounced  down  again.  A  minute  after  the 
wagoner  swore  "  he  had  a  better  rifle  than  any 
man  that  ever  wore  a  blue  jacket."  This  was 
loo  much — for  the  batteauxman  wore  a  jacket  of 
that  colour,  and  of  course  this  amounted  to  a 
personal  insult.  Besides,  to  attack  a  man's  rifle  ! 
He  could  have  borne  any  reflection  on  his 
sweetheart,  or  his  horse  j  but  to  touch  his  rifle^ 
Vol.  II.  9 


92 

was  to  touch  his  honour.  Off  went  the  blue 
jacket;  the  batteauxman  scrambled  up  the  bank, 
and  a  set  to  commenced,  that  ended  in  the  total 
discomfiture  of  the  wagoner,  with  the  loss  of  three 
of  his  grinders,  and  the  gain  of  "  divers  black  and 
bloody  bruises,"  as  honest  Lithgow  says.  The 
batteauxman  waited  till  the  moon  rose,  when  he 
went  whistling  down  the  stream  to  carry  the  news 
of  his  victory  to  Old  Potomac;  and  the  poor 
wagoner  went  "  to  take  the  law,"  as  a  man  says, 
when  the  law  is  about  to  take  him. 

The  honest  batteauxman  was  arrested  on  his 
return  for  assault  and  battery  on  the  west  country 
wagoner.  It  being  you  know  the  great  object  of 
the  law  to  find  out  which  party  is  in  the  wrong, 
the  lawyer  of  each  side  of  course  labours  to  throw 
the  imputation  on  his  adversary's  client.  It  ap- 
peared clearly  enough  that  the  batteauxman  made 
the  first  assault,  but  it  also  appeared  in  evidence 
that  crowing  like  a  cock  was  a  direct  challenge, 
according  to  the  understanding  of  these  people  ; 
that  to  undervalue  a  batteauxman's  sweetheart  or 
horse,  whether  he  had  any  or  not,  was  a  mortal 
insult ;  and  that  to  insinuate  any  inferiority  in  his 
rifle,  was  an  offence  which  no  one  could  put  up 


93 

with  witliout  dishonour.  That  such  points  of 
honour  constituted  the  chivalry  of  these  people, 
that  no  class  of  mankind  is  without  something  of 
this  nature — that  however  low  a  man  may  be, 
there  are  insults  he  cannot  submit  to,  without 
being  disgraced  among  his  equals,  who  constitute 
his  world — and  that  to  oblige  him,  in  any  situa- 
tion, to  put  up  with  disgrace,  was  to  debase  his 
nature,  and  to  destroy  every  manly  principle 
within  him.  Trifling  as  this  case  may  appear,  it 
called  forth  a  display  of  talent,  and  a  depth  of 
investigation  as  to  how  far  it  was  possible,  and  if 
possible,  how  far  it  was  salutary  to  attempt  to 
repress  the  operation  of  those  feelings  which  spur 
men  in  all  situations  to  avoid  disgrace  at  the  risk 
of  every  thing,  that  gave  me  a  high  idea  of  the 
two  adv^ocates.  They  were  both  young  men, 
new  to  the  bar,  he.  yet  they  spoke  with  a  degree 
of  fluency  as  well  as  self-possession  which  is 
seldom  exhibited  by  our  young  lawyers  of  the 
cities,  whose  genius  is  too  frequently  rebuked  by 
the  presence  of  an  audience  they  can  hardly  hope 
to  please,  disheartened  by  the  supercilious  airs  of 
the  elder  counsel,  or  overpowered  by  the  deaden- 
ing sense  of  inferiority. 


94 

I  am  fully  convinced,  that  the  shortest  as  well 
as  the  most  certain  way  for  a  young  man  of 
talents  in  this  profession  to  attain  to  eminence,  is 
to  go  to  some  nevvly-scttled  part  of  the  country, 
where,  in  comparative  solitude,  he  can  discipline 
his  mind,  and  cultivate  the  reasoning  faculty 
without  interruption  ;  where  he  has  neither  bad 
models  to  imitate,  or  good  ones  to  discourage  hrs 
first  exertions.  To  speak  in  public,  in  the  pre- 
sence of  those  we  feel  to  be  our  intellectual  su- 
periors, is  a  task  from  which  the  timidity  of  genius 
will  ever  shrink  j  and  can  only  be  performed  by 
minds  hardened  by  practice,  or  insensible  from 
natural  stupidity.  The  result  of  this  timidity  on 
one  hand,  and  hardihood  on  the  other,  is,  that  in 
the  great  cities  genius  sinks  too  frequently  into 
hopeless  despondency ;  while  the  strong-nerved 
blockhead,  who  despises  the  opinions  of  bis  su- 
periors, not  because  he  feels  himself  above  them, 
but  because  he  don't  feel  at  all,  rises,  in  spite  of 
his  destiny,  to  notice  and  independence. 

The  young  lawyer,  therefore,  who  would  rise 
into  consequence  and  wealth,  before  his  head 
grows  gray  with  age,  would  do  well  to  emigrate 
to  some  one  of  the  new  States,  instead  of  running 


95 

to  seed  in  the  cities,  or  supporting  a  precarious 
existence  by  watching  the  docks,  to  incite  sailors 
to  go  to  law ;  diving  into  stews  for  assaults  and 
batteries,  or  haunting  the  quarter  sessions  to  get  a 
fee  of  five  dollars  from  some  wretched  Bridewell 
bird.  There  they  would  take  root  with  the  first 
planting  of  the  community,  and  grow  up  with  the 
growth  of  numbers,  wealth,  and  business.  They 
would  soon  afford  to  take  an  office  by  themselves, 
instead  of  joining  stocks,  and  hunting  in  couples 
like  leashed  hounds,  as  they  are  forced  to  do  in 
cities,  for  want  of  gallant  enterprise  to  emigrate 
to  the  glowing  west,  where  talent  and  industry  are 
the  sure  forerunners  of  an  independent  fortune 
and  political  consequence.  Thus  riches  and 
lionour  beckon  him  to  pursue — for  whatever  may 
be  thought  of  these  matters  upon  Change,  it  has 
lately  occurred  to  me,  in  the  course  of  my  expe- 
)  ience,  that  a  Judge,  or  a  Member  of  Congress,  is 
nearly  as  important  a  personage  as  a  President  of 
an  Insurance  Company,  a  Bank  Director,  or  even 
a  rich  Money  Broker.  To  you,  who  have  lately 
.seen  ten  times  the  interest  excited  by  the  election 
of  the  Directors  of  the  U.  S.  Bank  that  there  was 
for  the  election  of  a  President  of  the  United 
a* 


96 


States,  this  may  appear  absurd.  And  so  it  wouIJ 
be,  if  all  the  rest  of  this  country  were  like  the 
great  cities,  where  not  only  they  worship  the 
divinity  of  gold,  but  adore  a  spurious  counterfeit 
in  rags — where  respect  is  paid  to  nothing  else, 
and  where  the  value  of  money  is  splendidly  de- 
monstrated by  its  power  to  elevate  the  lowest 
reptile  to  the  rank  of  man,  and  to  an  association 
with  human  beings.  In  such  a  place,  where  nine- 
tenths  of  those  with  whom  you  associate,  and 
whose  opinions  influence  your's  are  more  or  less 
dependent  for  existence  on  Banks,  a  Bank  Di- 
rector may  indeed  be  the  depository  of  incalcula- 
ble dignity ;  but  where  the  invincible  money- 
getting  demon  has  not  yet  worked  his  way  in  the 
human  heart  like  a  worm  in  a  chesnut,  men  de- 
rive their  dignity,  respect,  and  consequence  from 
sources  far  more  pure,  noble,  and  elevated. — 
They  must  possess  talents ;  and  if  destitute  of 
principle,  must  at  least  affect  what  they  do  not 
feel,  and  thus  pay  homage  to  the  shrine  which 
ihey  have  deserted.  Thus  even  hypocrisy  may 
become  useful  by  showing  how  valuable  that  vir- 
tue must  be,  the  mere  counterfeit  of  which  is  th US' 
eberished  and  rewarded.     FarewelL 


LETTER  XXX, 


DEAR  FRANK, 

In  ranging  up  the  valley  from  Staunton  to  W -^ 

where  I  now  an),  we  passed  througb  a  fine  country 
of  limestone,  abounding  in  gay  meadows,  and  pure 
springs,  and  bordered  on  all  sides  by  mountains. 
The  distance  is  about  one  hundred  miles,  and 
there  are  several  towns  in  the  way,  which,  how- 
ever, do  not  exhibit  any  great  appearance  of 
growth  or  prosperity.  They  are  generally  the 
country  seats,  and  depend  in  a  great  degree  on 
the  expenditures  of  those  who  are  brought  there 
by  law  business,  and  the  employment  given  to 
the  tradesmen  of  different  kinds,  by  a  circle  of  the 
surrounding  country,  of  which  each  town  forms  a 
sort  of  centre.  As  new  towns  are  founded  in 
various  places,  this  circle  of  course  diminishes  ;. 
and  as  new  roads  are  made,  or  obstructions  in  the 


98 

rivers  removed,  the  little  trade  they  enjoy  13 
carried  very  often  in  another  direction.  Hence  it 
is  that  our  little  towns  are  so  apt  to  grow  up 
prematurely  for  a  while,  when  they  are  all  at 
once  arrested  in  their  growth  by  neighbouring 
rivals,  or  by  a  change  given  to  the  course  of 
business,  and  often  decay  with  the  same  rapidity 
they  arose.  The  truth  is  that  we  have  too  many 
towns;  and  so  it  will  ere  long  be  found,  if  I  am 
not  mistaken.  We  have  too  many  traders  of 
various  kinds,  at  least  in  the  Atlantic  States,  who 
will  ere  long  be  obliged  to  turn  to  some  other 
profession,  or  emigrate  to  the  new  States.  It 
appears  sufficiently  evident  to  me,  in  the  com- 
plaints we  begin  to  hear,  of  the  want  of  business 
and  of  employment  among  all  classes  of  people  in 
the  cities,  which  is  in  some  degree  owing  to  the 
general  pacification  of  the  world,  which  has  turned 
millions  of  soldiers  into  other  directions,  and  en- 
abled millions  of  people  to  supply  their  own 
wants,  who  before  depended  upon  others.  The 
people  thus  thrown  out  of  employment  in  the 
cities  and  towns  must  emigrate,  as  I  said  before, 
or  resort  to  new  professions,  or  become  paupers, 
and  eat  soup  at  others'  expense.     It  is  a  shame  to 


99 


our  country,  whose  peculiar  boast  it  v/as  to  be 
free  in  so  great  a  degree  from  pauperism,  to  see 
the  deplorable  increase  of  this  fatal  disease, 
Avhich  saps  the  foundation  of  freedom,  by  creating 
a  set  of  men  dependent  for  their  support,  not  on 
their  own  exertions,  but  the  bounty  of  others; 
and,  consequently,  the  mere  tools  of  those  who 
keep  them  from  starving.  These  are  the  kind  of 
people  who  make  instruments  in  the  hands  of  the 
rich  for  the  destruction  of  freedom.  Why,  instead 
of  thus  hanging  dead  weights  upon  the  industrious, 
are  they  not  sent  to  some  of  those  rich  and  fertile 
regions  of  the  west  and  south,  where  land  can  be 
bought  of  the  United  States  for  two  dollars  an 
acre,  and  where  the  least  degree  of  industry  would 
insure  their  support  ?  This  would  be  better  than 
keeping  them  about  the  cities  in  a  half-starved 
state  of  dependance  on  soup-houses,  and  charit- 
able institutions ;  and  answer  the  true  end  of 
charity  equally  well.  When  once  men  have  lost 
the  honest  pride  which  shrinks  from  receiving 
charity  from  any  human  being,  they  lose  the  best 
support  of  their  nature,  and  the  most  powerful 
motive  to  exertion.     It  may  sound  harsh;  but  the 


100 

penally  of  begging  should  ever  be, — to  be  univei- 
sally  despised ;  in  order  to  render  it  the  very  last 
means  to  which  man  will  resort  for  his  support. 

But  to  return.  I  was  saying,  that  we  have  too 
ine»ny  people  living  in  cities,  in  proportion  to  our 
farmers,  who,  after  all,  are  the  backbone  of  every 
country,  whence  originates  its  riches  and  its  solid 
strength.  At  a  time  when  every  other  class  of 
labourers  are  crying  out  in  the  streets  of  our  cities 
about  hard  times,  and  many  of  them  forced  to 
beg  work,  or  starve,  we  don't  hear  of  the  farmer 
suffering  any  inconvenience ;  or  if  he  suffers,  you 
don't  hear  him  complain.  If  it  is  urged,  that  the 
high  price  of  all  his  produce  is  a  sufficient  reason 
for  his  not  grumbling,  1  will  answer,  that  he  gives 
as  high  a  price  for  what  he  must  buy,  as  he  gets  for 
what  he  sells,  so  the  balance  is  even.  It  is  not  thij. 
It  is  because  the  farmers  in  every  country,  except 
one,  where  they  have  fallen  victims  to  the  accu- 
mulated numbers  of  commerce  and  manufactures, 
and  to  a  system  of  inordinate  expenditure,  are  the 
most  independent  of  all  men,  and  most  emphati- 
cally so  in  this  country.  Here  we  have  yet  an 
unpeopled  world,  a  blooming,  and  almost  unin- 


101 


habited  Eden  in  the  west,  whose  bosom  is  opened 
to  the  industrious  and  enterprising,  and  where 
niillions  of  men  may  set  themselves  down  without 
creating  a  famine,  since  they  will  ever  be  able  to 
derive  from  the  earth  more  than  is  sufficient  for 
their  support. 

Yet  still  our  people  cling  to  the  towns  and  cities, 
attracted  by  the  hope  of  sudden  wealth,  and  de- 
spising the  slow,  yet  sure,  rewards  of  agriculture, 
which,  without  leading  a  man  to  inordinate  riches, 
secure  him  for  ever  from  the  chances  of  sinking 
into  beggary  or  want.  The  race  of  paupers 
receives  no  recruits  from  them ;  for  in  all  my 
sojournings,  I  may  say  with  truth,  that  I  never 
saw  the  industrious  farmer  forsaken,  "  or  his  seed 
begging  their  bread."  One  great  cause  of  the 
disproportion  of  numbers  which'  1  have  noticed 
between  the  agricultural  and  other  classes  of  the 
community,  is  the  great  system  of  paper  money, 
which  has  struck  at  the  root  of  regular,  persever- 
ing industry,  whose  rewards,  though  slow,  are 
always  sure.  For  some  years  back,  hardly  a 
tradesman  in  our  cities,  and  of  late  in  our  little 
towns  (each  of  which,  however  insignificant,  has 


102 

DOW  its  snug  little  bank)  thinks  of  glowing  rich  b) 
bis  industry.  No;  he  must  get  accommodations 
at  some  bank,  and  plunge  into  speculations :  nor 
can  you  now  go  into  a  cobbler's  stall  without  see- 
ing a  bank  notice,  or  perhaps  two  or  three,  stuck 
up  with  an  awl  at  the  chimneypiece,  to  remind 
the  honest  gentleman  that  he  owes  a  great  deal 
more  than  he  can  pay.  Thus  is  the  axe  laid  to 
the  very  root  of  national  morals,  and  consequently 
national  prosperity,  and  the  whole  American  peo- 
ple, farmers  excepted,  sunk  into  an  abject  subjec- 
tion to  banks  and  their  directors. 

This  thing  went  on  at  first  most  swimmingly, 
while  we  were  the  carriers  and  smugglers  of  the. 
world,  and  while  this  universal  system  of  borrow- 
ing was  supported  by  the  facility  of  employing 
the  immense  false  capital  created  by  the  banking 
institutions,  which  has  been  let  loose  upon  us  of 
late  years  without  limit.  But  all  at  once,  the 
opening  for  the  employment  of  this  borrowed 
paper  closes,  leaving  the  borrower  in  debt  over 
head  and  ears.  Then  the  reaction  of  the  system 
begins.  The  banks  are  called  upon  to  resume  the 
payment  of  specie,  which  they  can't  do  without 


103 


curtailing  discounts — which  they  cannot  do  with- 
out ruining  several  honest  people,  who  have  "made  a 
great  figure  without  ever  having  been  worth  a  groat, 
— which  cannot  be  done  without  throwing  out  of 
employment  many  labourers  and  mechanics  whom 
these  honest  gentlemen  paid  with  the  money  they 
borrowed  from  the  banks.  This  is  precisely  the 
case  that  will  probably  soon  occur, — when  the 
farce  of  specie  payments  commences,  and  which 
will  come  probably  to  the  following  pleasant  de- 
iiouement :  The  banks  will  commence  the  payment 
of  specie  with  great  pomp,  and  perhaps  some  of 
them  may  muster  a  hundred  dollars  to  jingle  on 
ihe  counter;  but  having  the  merchants  completely 
under  their  thumbs  by  means  of  their  power  of 
granting  or  refusing  those  accommodations,  with- 
out which  no  merchant  now  thinks  of  carrying  on 
business,  they  will  give  the  poor  dependants  to  un- 
derstand, that  if  they  ever  dare  to  ask  for  a  dollar 
of  specie  from  the  bank,  their  discounts  shall 
cease.  Thus  will  the  circulation  of  specie  be 
effectually  checked  in  the  outset  j  the  rade  of  little 
twopenny  rags  perpetuated,  and  the  great  truth 
again  be  demonstrated,  that  no  instance  has 
Vol.  II.  10 


104 

occurred  where  a  bank  that  had  once  stopt  pay- 
ment ever  resunned  it  again,  except  in  the  way  it 
tvilh  probably  be  done  here — by  offering  to  pay 
specie,  but  at  the  same  time  annexing  a  penalty 
to  the  demand ;  which  nine  out  of  ten  will  not 
dare  to  incur.     Farewell. 


I 


LETTER  XXXT. 


DEAR  FRANK, 

1  HAVE  often  regretted  that  our  young  men, 
whose  fortune  it  is  to  have  leisure,  means,  and 
opportunity,  instead  of  gadding  into  foreign  coun- 
tries, did  not  sometimes  take  it  into  their  Iieads  to 
visit  their  own.  All  that  is  wortli  knowing  of 
Europe,  may  be  learned  from  books;  and  it  too 
generally  happens  that  a  visit  to  the  celebrated 
scenes  of  antiquity,  answers  no  other  purpose  thaa 
to  diminish  our  enthusiasm,  by  substituting  the 
impression  of  a  dull  insignificant  reality,  in  the 
place  of  a  glowing  picture  of  the  imagination.  I 
do  not  find  that  these  pilgrims  to  the  shrine  of  the 
classics,  return  with  more  vivid  impressions  of 
ancient  genius  or  magnificence ;  on  the  contrary, 
the  only  ideas  they  in  genera]  seem  to  have  re- 
tained, are  those  of  beggars  infesting  their  way  ; 


106 

mule-drivers  attempting  every  species  of  extor- 
tion; inns  abounding  in  inconvenienciesand  fleas; 
and  inn-keepers  practising  every  act  of  imposi- 
tion. In  short,  the  labours  and  privations  of  the 
journey  seem  to  have  obliterated  every  agreeable 
or  sublime  impression  from  their  recollection. 
Yet  it  must  be  confessed  they  have  one  advantage. 
They  can  contradict  both  history  and  tradition,  as 
well  as  palm  upon  their  hearers  the  most  stupid 
absurdities,  since  there  is  no  resisting  the  testimo- 
ny of  a  man  who  has  been  on  the  spot,  and  seen 
\fith  his  own  eyes,  even  though  he  should  run 
counter  to  the  best  authorities,  and  relate  impos- 
sibilities. A  visit  to  Italy,  besides,  makes  a  man 
of  course  a  connoisseur  in  all  the  fine  arts,  and 
enables  him  to  abuse  every  thing  in  this  country 
with  great  effect*  It  is  like  a  degree  at  college, 
which  makes  a  man  a  scholar  in  spite  of  his  teeth, 
and  confers  upon  the  fortune-travelled  youth, 
pretty  much  the  same  distinction  that  is  obtained 
by  the  pious  mussulman  who  visits  the  shrine  of 
Mecca,  and  stultifies  himself  with  opium  by  the 
way. 

I  dare  say  you  remember  FJ ,  the  son  of  the 

hunest  old  mouser  in  street,  who,  after  living 


107 

in  dust  and  cobwebs  forty  years,  came  out  at  last 
a  fine  gentleman,  by  the  aid  of  money,  meanness, 
and  ostentation.  Nothing  would  serve  him,  but 
his  son  Dicky  must  go  abroad  and  get  a  polish, 
for  it  was  past  the  art  of  this  country  to  do  it ;  and 
so  far  the  old  man  was  right.  But  in  order  to  join 
pleasure  and  profit,  (two  ideas  the  old  man  could 
never  separate  in  the  whole  course  of  his  life,)  he 
got  him  made  supercargo  to  a  ship,  and  away  he 
went.  Dicky  had  never  been  ten  miles  from  the 
city,  and  knew  no  more  of  the  country  than  a 
Bank  Director.  He  knew,  hoyvever,  I  will  do  hihi 
the  justice  to  say,  the  names  of  several  inland 
towns,  for  he  had  seen  them  tacked  to  the  names 
of  some  of  the  debtors  in  his  father's  ledger,  which 
with  the  exception  of  the  old  man's  bank-book, 
was  the  only  book  he  had  looked  into  since  he 
left  school.  But  Dick  had  excellent  recommend- 
ations from  several  warm  men  on  Change,  and 
his  father  had  given  a  grand  dinner  to  one  or  two 
foreign  ministers,  who  of  course  could  not  refuse 
him  letters.  Away  went  Dicky  to  Bordeaux, 
sold  his  cargo,  pocketed  the  money,  and  hied  him 
to  Paris. 

10* 


iOS 

The  first  thing  he  did  was  to  Frenchify  himself 
with  a  little  short-skirted  coat,  with  buttons  nearly 
as  far  apart  as  the  pillars  of  Hercules.     His  letters- 
procured  him  admission  into  the  politest  circles, 
which,  to  the  credit  of  Paris,  are  always  literary  ; 
and  he  had  learned  French,  by  the  newly-invent- 
ed patent  method,   in  twenty  lessons.     It  is  to  be 
observed,  that  among  the  learned  on  the  continent 
of  Europe,  there  is  no  country  in  the  world  which 
excites   so  much   curiosity  and  interest  as  ours. 
To  the  mutual  credit  of  freedom  and  philosophy; 
nearly  cdl  the  distinguished  philosophers   of  the 
age  are  friends  to  national  liberty ;  and  are  now 
looking  anxiously  towards  the  United  States,  to 
witness  the  success  of  a  great  experiment,  which 
is  to  decide,  probably  for  ever,  whether  their  theo- 
ries of  the  capacity  of  mankind  to  govern  them- 
selves, are  well  or  ill  founded.     It  is  here  they 
feel  that  the  question  is  to  be  decided,  and  not 
only  their  more  enlarged  benevolence,  but  their 
self-love,  is  nearly  concerned  in  the  result,  which 
is  to   decide    whether  they  are    mere  visionary 
speculatists,    or    grave   and    judicious    teachers. 
They  are  coDse(][uently  very  inquisitive,  with  re=. 


109 

gard  lo  the  situation  of  the  United  States,  as  a 
body  politic.  The  scientific  men,  on  the  other 
hand,  having  exhausted  all  the  novelties  of  the 
old,  look  to  the  new  world  for  new  facts  to  up- 
hold, or  overthrow,  their  own  or  others  theories ; 
and  the  polite  will  select  a  traveller's  own  country 
as  the  subject  of  inquiry,  because  it  is  one  with 
which  he  is  supposed  to  be  best  acquainted. 

Dicky  was  of  course  questioned  on  these  mat- 
ters. Sometimes  he  could  not  answer  j  at  others 
it  was  still  worse,  for  he  answered  like  a  block- 
head. The  scavans  took  snuff  at  him;  and  the 
ladies  pronounced  him  ame  de  borce,  which  was 
as  far  as  their  politeness  would  permit  them  to  go. 
Dicky  was  cut,  as  the  saying  is,  for  among  the 
learned,  the  witty,  and  the  wise,  a  man  who  brings 
nothing  with  him,  is  very  likely  to  take  nothing 
away  ;  unless  he  is  a  good  laugher,  and  an  intel- 
ligent listener;  that  is  to  say,  listens  as  if  he  un- 
derstood. But  a  man  with  the  proceeds  of  a  cargo 
in  his  purse,  need  not  be  without  society,  and  can 
find  friends  even  in  Paris.  Dick  found  a  plenty, 
who  demonstrated  their  regard  by  liberally  shav- 
ing his  purse,  letting  him  pay  their  bills,  and  cali- 
'.ng  him   '•'  a  d — d  fine  fellow/'     To    make   an 


no 

end,  Dicky  came  home  at  the  end  of  two  years, 

and  old  H was  obhged  to  post  the  proceeds 

of  the  cargo  to  profit  and  loss.  This  so  affected 
the  old  man,  that  he  broke  up  his  gentility,  and 
went  through  a  retrograde  transmigration,  by 
changing  from  butterfly  to  grub-worm,  after  hav- 
ing changed  from  grub-worm  to  butterfly.  Never- 
theless, Dicky  became  a  person  of  great  distinc- 
tion in  the  beau  monde,  and  has  ever  since 
decided  on  the  afl'airs  of  France,  with  as  little 
opposition  as  the  allied  powers  do  at  this  time. 

So  long  as  this  distinction  is  attained  to  in 
society,  merely  from  the  circumstance  of  having 
been  a  year  or  two  abroad,  it  is  to  be  feared  that 
our  young  men  will  continue  as  heretofore,  better 
acquainted  with  every  other  country  than  their 
own;  which  of  all  others  is  best  worthy  of  their 
attention,  as  of  all  others  it  ought  to  be  nearest 
their  hearts.  The  inhabitants  of  the  United 
States,  so  far  as  I  have  had  an  opportunity  of  be- 
coming acquainted  with  them,  are  that  sort  of 
people  who,  the  more  they  know,  the  more  they 
like  each  other ;  and  it  is  a  great  pity  that  those 
■whose  talents,  station,  or  fortune,  give  them  an 
influence  in  society,  would  not  go  amongst  each 


Ill 


other ;  receive  and  bestow  those  courtesies,  that 
are  the  sure  forerunners  of  hearty  good  will ;  and 
get  rid  of  some  of  those  silly  and  absurd  antipa- 
thies that  were  engrafted  on  error,  or  originated 
in  characteristic  peculiarities,  that  no  longer  exist, 
if  indeed  they  ever  existed  at  all.  I  have  seldom 
or  ever  seen  two  honest  worthy  men  fall  to- 
gether, even  under  the  most  unfavourable  impres- 
sions of  each  other,  who  did  not  in  a  little  time 
come  to  a  good  understanding,  and  wonder  what 
could  have  made  thera  enemies.  There  is  some- 
thing in  being  amongst  people,  sharing  their  en- 
joyments; partaking  in  all  the  good  things  of  the 
world  with  them,  and  being  kappy  in  their  so- 
ciety, that  few  good  people  can  resist ;  and  those 
that  can,  are  not  the  men  for  my  money.  For 
my  part,  the  more  I  see  of  rily  countrymen,  the 
more  I  like  the  honest  fellows ;  and  this  I  will 
say  of  them,  I  never  was  in  any  place  in  the  United 
States,  where  I  did  not  find  friends  and  a  wel- 
come. 

Independently  of  the  gratification  that  would 
result  from  thus  shaking  hands,  and  becoming  ac- 
quainted with  our  widely  diffused  countrymen, 
the  domestic  traveller  would  see  various  shades 


112 

of  society  lie  has  never  seen  before,  and  conleia- 
plate  civilized  man  in  circumstances  and  situa- 
tions in  which  he  cannot  be  viewed  in  any  other 
part  of  the  world.  I  don't  mean  in  our  cities,  for 
there  is  little  diversity  ;  1  mean  along  the  banks  of 
the  Ohio,  the  Mississippi,  and  their  various  tribu- 
tary streams,  where  exists  a  race  of  men,  active, 
hardy,  vigilant,  enterprising,  and  fearless  as  the 
Indian,  with  as  much  learning,  genuine  politeness, 
and  various  intelligence,  as  those  who  inhabit  the 
Athens  of  America.*  In  all  the  grand  and  beau- 
tiful featnrps  of  landscape,  in  variety  of  scenery, 
in  every  thing  that  constitutes  the  divinity  of  na- 
ture, this  country^s  equal,  and  indeed  superior,  to 
most;  and  In  no  part  of  the  world,  perhaps,  can 
the  pure  admirer  of  natll^e'^  beauties  be  more 
easily  and  variously  gratified.  Yet  hitherto  no 
American,  that  I  know  of,  has  thought  it  worth 
his  while  to  traverse  it  with  a  view  of  correcting 
the  erroneous  impressions  entertained  by  the  in- 
habitants of  the  various  sections,  with  respect  to 
each  other ;  exposing  the  misrepresentations  of 
prejudiced,  ignorant,  or  interested  foreign  travel- 
lers, and  giving  to  his  countrymen  a  picture  of 

*  Querc — Philadelphia  or  Frankfort  ?— Ed 


113 

themselves,  such  as  would  be  drawn  by  a  brother, 
who  in  telling  their  faults,  would  do  justice  to  their 
virtues. 

Had  I  leisure,  opportunity,  and  another  trifling 
requisite,  I  mean  talent,  I  would  most  assuredly 
think  of  this  task.  As  it  is,  I  can  only  earnestly 
wish,  that  some  one,  better  qualified  than  myself, 
would  undertake  it.  If  he  did  it  as  it  ought  to  be 
done,  he  would  confer  a  lasting  benefit  on  his 
country,  and  ensure  himself  a  reward,  to  which  ali 
other  sublunary  ones  are  nothing — a  lasting  and 
blameless  fame.     Good  night. 


LETTER  XXXII 


DEAR  FRANK, 

In  the  letter  I  receiv^ed  from  you  some  time  ago, 
which,  by  the  way,  is  the  only  one  I  have  got,  in 
return  for  at  least  fifty  of  mine,  you  inquired  if  it 
was  really  the  fact  that  the  people  of  this  part  of 
the  world  were  more  hospitable  than  in  ours  ? 
As  I  have  leisure  just  now,  and  have  seen  nothing 
worth  talking  about  since  I  wrote  last,  I  will  now 
answer  your  question  in  the  affirmative  ;  though, 
I  confess,  my  local  feelings  suffer  in  the  confession. 

The  mania  of  this  truly  philosophical  age,  is 
that  of  accounting  for  every  thing  we  see,  hear,  or 
feel,  upon  philosophical  principles ;  and  as  I  do 
not  wish  to  be  out  of  fashion,  either  in  dress,  or 
any  thing  that  is  not  actually  bad  or  preposterous, 
I  would  proceed  to  account,  as  well  as  1  can,  for 
this  spirit  of  hospitality,  which,  wherever  it  exists, 

Vol.  n.  11 


lib 

confers  lustre  upon  a  country.  It  is  one  of  the 
finest  of  national  characteristics  ;  and  it  is  in  a 
great  measure  owing  to  this,  that  little  Ireland, 
with  all  its  bulls,  and  oddities,  is  still  a  sort  of  pet 
nation  to  all  the  world,  except  its  stern  stepdame, 
old  England. 

The  truth  seems  to  be,  and  it  is  a  sort  of  libel 
on  civilization,  that  in  proportion  as  nations  attain 
to  a  certain  degree  of  what  by  courtesy  is  called 
refinement,  they  lose  their  hospitable  habits  ;  and 
the  interchange  of  civilities  then  becomes,  like 
almost  every  thing  else,  a  mere  matter  of  barter, 
among  people  who  give  entertainments,  that  they 
may  receive  them  in  return;  the  stranger  does 
not  partake  of  these,  because  he  is  not  in  a  situa- 
tion to  repay  them  in  kind ;  unless  indeed  he  is 
of  sufficient  consequence  to  make  his  entertain- 
ment a  matter  of  honour  to  his  host.  This  eftecl 
of  refinement  on  society,  would  lead  me  naturally 
to  inquire,  if  I  had  time  or  patience,  into  a  very 
interesting  question,  whefher  the  acquisition  of 
this  refinement,  by  deadening  or  repressing  the 
exercise  of  many  liberal  and  manly  virtues,  does 
not  in  reality  injure  society,  by  taking  away  from 
the  shirt  to  give  to  the  ruffle  ?  Perhaps  I  may  give 


117 


you  more  of  this  by  and  by ;  at  present,  I  must 
get  on  with  the  matter  more  immediately  in  hand. 
It  appears  to  me,  th?t  the  progress  of  nations  in 
arts,  riches,  and  refinement,  is  exactly  in  an 
inverse  ratio  with  the  more  liberal  qualities  of  the 
heart ;  and  that  there  is  a  happy  medium,  in  which 
the  human  faculties  as  well  as  the  human  feelings, 
are  poised  in  their  nicest  balance.  Thus  we  find 
that  certain  high  and  heroic  qualities  are  common 
among  people  called  barbarous,  because  they  do 
not  pay  quite  so  much  attention  to  elegance  of 
decoration,  or  mere  personal  comforts,  which,  if 
seen  at  all,  are  of  very  rare  occurrence  among 
those  who  arrogate  to  themselves  a  superior  de- 
gree of  refinement.  Among  those  is  that  gene- 
rous hospitality,  which  is  practised  among  all 
nations,  except  such  as  excel  in  the  fine  arts,  and 
value  themselves  upon  their  breeding ;  that  is  to 
say,  upon  a  certain  whimsical,  artificial  arrange- 
ment of  certain  empty  courtesies,  signifying  no- 
thing. All  the  nations  of  antiquity  were  hospit- 
able till  they  became  corrupt;  among  them  the 
stranger  was  a  sacred  character,  and  to  do  him 
violence,  or  to  refuse  him  shelter,  was  an  offence 
to  the  |;;ods.     The  only  life  the  stern,  unfeeling 


118 

politician  UJysscs  ever  spared,  was  thai  of  Helia- 
con,  heeause  he  remembered  the  hospitality  of  his 
father.  To  this  day,  we  find  that  there  is  ten  times 
the  hospitality  in  Asia,  which  is  stigmatized  as  semi- 
barbarous,  that  there  is  in  Europe,  where  what 
little  we  find,  isaniong  the  poorer  and  less  refined 
class  of  people.  The  Mahometan  exclaims,  "  Al- 
lah !  forbid  I  should  receive  money  for  entertain- 
ing the  stranger  ;"  the  European  gets  as  much  out 
of  him  as  he  can;  or  if  he  is  loo  proud  to  take 
his  money,  turns  him  from  his  door.  In  fact,  to 
sum  up  all  on  this  head — I  do  most  heartily  be- 
lieve, that  the  money-making  principle,  which  is 
at  the  root  of  what  is  called  a  refined  state  of 
society,  since  its  operation  affords  originally  the 
means  of  purchasing  refinement,  that  is  to  say, 
splendour,  destroys  more  of  the  high  heroic  quali- 
ties of  human  nature,  than  it  can  possibly  make 
amends  for  in  any  other  way  ;  and  that  the  frivo- 
lous distinctions  which  grow  out  of  such  a  state  of 
society,  are  utterly  at  war  with  the  sublimer  efforts 
of  genius  and  virtue. 

I  have  heard  it  often  remarked  in  our  part  of 
tlie  world,  with  great  self-complacency,  by  portly 
traders  and  brokers,  who  fancied  themselves  at  the 


119 

plnacle  of  refinement,  because  they  had  a  splendid 
equipage  and  fine  furniture ;  "  that  the  middle 
and  eastern  States  were  at  least  a  century  before 
the  southern,  in  refinement  and  civilization." 
Upon  inquiring  into  the  grounds  of  this  notion,  I 
found  it  uniformly  originated  in  the  vulgar  prac- 
tice of  confounding  mere  personal  comforts,  and 
little  domestic  knick-knackery  with  the  qualities 
of  the  mind,  or  the  exercises  of  the  intellectual 
faculty.  Thus,  in  the  eyes  of  stupidity,  the  fine 
coat  makes  the  gentleman,  all  over  the  world. 
Now  I  am  willing  to  allow,  that  in  our  part  of  the 
world  they  have  better  roads,  bridges,  taverns,  &ic. 
and  that  their  houses  are  better  painted,  and 
their  farms  in  better  order,  than  in  the  south.  1 
will  allow  too,  that  all  these  are  good  things ;  and 
that  people  are  right  enough  in  having  them  ; 
but  I  cannot  accept  of  these  as  the  criterion  of 
either  refinement  of  manners,  or  elevation  of  in- 
tellect. On  the  contrary,  experience  verifies 
the  fact,  that  the  most  lofty  intellect,  and  the 
greatest  heroism,  is  generally  connected  with  an 
indifference  to  these  little  vulgar  niceties  and  snug 
comforts.  I  have  been  among  a  certain  class  of 
people,  whose  farms  were  perfect  gardens  j  whose 
11  * 


120 

liouses  were  complete  in  every  respect,  and  withal 
well  painted ;  and  whose  cattle  were  better  lodg- 
ed than  many  white  men  in  other  places.  Yet 
they  were  the  most  stupid  of  the  human  race ; 
destitute  of  almost  every  quality  that  gives  dignity 
to  our  nature,  and  void  of  every  intellectual  gift 
except  the  instinct  of  working  and  saving  money. 
Shall  we  say  that  these  have  made  greater  pro- 
gress in  refinement  and  civilization,  than  people 
whose  cattle  are  not  quite  so  well  lodged  f 

The  day  before  yesterday,  we  stopped  at  the 
house  of  a  sturdy  four-square  Dutchman,  who,  we 
were  told,  entertained  travellers,  as  is  the  custom 
in  this  part  of  the  world.  Every  thing  about  him 
feore  the  appearance  of  comfort  and  competency, 
His  house  was  large,  his  fences  in  prime  order,  his 
cattle  looked  like  mammoths  in  the  fields ;  his 
green  meadows  extended  all  around  his  mansion; 
here  and  there  exhibiting  a  little  village  of  hay- 
stacks ;  his  barn  was  of  stone,  as  big  as  an  ancient 
Baronial  Castle;  and  in  his  mouth  he  carried  a 
pipe,  three  feet  long,  an  indubitable  sign  of  his 
being  well  to  do  in  the  world.  L  found  the  old 
man  grumbling  in  a  sort  of  subterranean  tone, 
about  the  taxes  he  was  obliged  to  pay  to  the  go- 


121 

vernment,  which  he  considered  enormous.  As  i 
had  all  along  been  led  to  believe,  that  the  taxes  in- 
this  country  were  mere  nothing,  I  was  somewhat 
surprised  at  this,  and  asked  him  the  amount  he 
paid.  "  Fifteen  dollars  and  thirty-seven  and  a 
half  cents."  How  much  land  have  you  f  "  Twelve 
hundred  acres."  Does  that  fine  grist-mill  belong 
to  you  ?  "  Yes."  Are  all  the  cattle  I  see  yours  ? 
"  Yes."  How  much  wheat  did  you  raise  this 
year  ?  "  A  little  rising  of  five  thousand  bushels." 
Do  you  pay  any  tax  on  your  mill?  "No."  On 
your  cattle?  "No."  On  your  wheat?  "No." 
Go  to  the  d 1,  thought  I,  for  a  grub-worm  grum- 
bler as  thou  art;  but  I  was  too  polite  to  tell  him 
so.  While  breakfast  was  getting  ready  by  his 
two  daughters,  who  were  employed  in  this  duty, 
while  a  younger  one  was  tending  a  carding-ma- 
chine  in  a  little  shed  near  the  house,  we  talked  a 
little  politics,  as  usual  ;  a  subject  about  which 
every  man  in  this  country,  that  knows  any  thing 
at  all,  knows  something ;  I  found  him  as  stupid  as 
an  owl,  with  no  other  idea  of  liberty,  than  what 
was  connected  with  the  most  sordid  contemptible 
feeling  He  would  not  have  cared  if  the  social 
system  had  gone  to  wreck,  so  he  could  have  saved; 


122 

a  penny  in  taxes.  In  short,  he  was  one  of  those 
petty  spirits  whom  petty  politicians  court,  by  prat- 
ing about  economy,  and  appealing  to  the  most 
sordid  feelings  of  our  nature.  In  settling  for  our 
breakfast,  this  comfortable  dog  palmed  upon  us 
a  bank-note  of  some  distant  Rag-Manufactory, 
which,  after  attempting  to  pass  several  times,  I 
threw  into  the  fire,  out  of  pure  revenge  against  the 
bank  from  which  it  issued  ! 

It  so  happened  that  the  very  same  day  we  slept 
at  a  house  of  a  very  different  description,  belong- 
ing to  a  man  who,  according  to  the  phrase  in  our 
parts,  was  at  least  a  century  behind  the  man  at 
whose  house  we  breakfasted.  He  was  what  is 
usually  called  a  tall  slab-sided  Virginian,  with 
bright  blue  eyes,  high  cheek-bones,  with  not 
enough  fat  about  him  to  hold  his  ideas  by  the  legs 
and  wings,  as  Peter  Pindar  says.  He  received  us 
with  a  sort  of  nonchalance  which  would  have 
affronted  a  John  Bull  hugely,  and  which,  to  say 
the  truth,  was  not  very  inviting.  However,  after 
we  had  talked  to  him  a  little  while  about  his  farm, 
and  patted  the  heads  of  half  a  dozen  little  chubby 
rogues  that  were  running  about,  he  grew  very 
pleasant,  and  entered  into  a  conversation,  in  whicli. 


123 

he  displayed  a  liberality  of  feeling,  and  of  intelli- 
gence, that  would  have  astonished  people,  who 
connect  comfort,  as  it  is  called,  with  much  higher 
matters.  I  asked  him  about  his  taxes ;  he  merely 
smiled,  and  said  they  were  so  trifling  he  hardly 
knew  what  they  were.  While  we  were  chatting, 
a  Kentucky  pedestrian  with  a  knapsack,  came  up, 
on  his  way  home.  He  inquired  for  lodgings  with 
the  manly  confidence  of  a  free-man,  and  was  re- 
ceived by  our  host  in  the  same  manner,  precisely, 
that  he  received  us.  Nay,  with  rather  more 
courtesy,  for  I  have  always  observed  that  the  bet- 
ter sort  of  minds  unconsciously  bristle  up  a  little, 
at  the  approach  of  those  who,  perhaps,  may  claim 
a  superiority,  which  such  minds  are  not  apt  to  ac- 
knowledge by  any  exhibition  of  deference.  I 
must  confess,  however,  that  this  man  would  have 
sunk  very  much  in  the  balance  by  which  refine- 
ment is  sometimes  estimated  ;  for  his  house  was 
neither  painted,  or  in  fact  finished  ;  and  I  actual- 
ly detected  three  old  petticoats  stuffed  in  the 
upper  windows.  Then  his  barn  was  built  of  logs, 
with  huge  wide  cracks  between  them ;  his  fences 
were  a  little  out  of  repair ;  and  I  plead  guilty  to 
t!ie  fact,  of  his  cattle  having  little  more  fat  on  their 


124 

ribs  than  their  master.  His  house,  too,  was  mar- 
vellously deficient  in  fine  furniture,  and  we  ate  of 
one  of  the  most  plentiful  meals  I  ever  saw,  from 
an  oak  table.  When  he  found  we  did  not  take 
airs  upon  ourselves,  he  treated  us  wilh  a  sort  of 
careless,  manly  freedom,  at  which  once  or  twice 
I  felt  myself  inclined  to  be  a  little  offended,  but 
which  I  have  since  reflected  on  with  pleasure,  as 
an  indication  of  a  mind,  which  even^in  a  situation 
which,  perhaps  more  than  any  other,  engenders 
and  fosters  a  habit  of  cringing  servility  to  supe- 
riors, and  low-bred  insolence  to  inferiors,  had  re- 
tained its  primitive  independence.  In  the  morn- 
ing he  was  particular  in  giving  us  directions  for 
our  journey,  and  did  not  give  a  single  uncurrent 
note,  though  I  observed  he  had  several,  which  had 
probably  been  palmed  upon  him  by  travellers, 
wittingly  or  unwittingly. 

Now,  Frank,  get  out  of  your  city  trammels,  and 
tell  me  honestly,  which  of  these  two  you  think 
had  made  the  greatest  advances  in  refinement  and 
civilization,  and  which  stood  highest  in  the  scale 
of  being.'*  I  know  you  will  agree  with  me,  in 
spite  of  the  money-brokers,  that  the  man  with  the 
petticoats  stuck  in  his  windows  was  worth  an  army 


125 

ot'  the  others;  and  would  become  their  master, 
if  It  ever  came  to  a  struggle  of  intellect,  or  a  con- 
test of  spirit.  The  truth  is,  that  people  who  are 
very  particular  about  snugness,  and  personal  com- 
fort, and  insignificant  conveniences,  or  trifling 
decorations,  that  add  little  to  real  enjoyment,  are 
generally  very  selfish  in  their  feelings,  and  stinted 
in  their  intellects. 

In  travelling  through  Virginia,  and  the  south. 
I  soon  found  that  if  I  met  in  the  country  an  ex- 
ceeding neat,  well  painted,  snug  new  wooden 
house,  with  every  thing  comfortable  about  it,  I 
had  better  not  stop  there  ;  it  was  no  place  for  the 
traveller  and  stranger.  No — I  sought  me  out  an 
old  rusty  mansion,  uncontaminated  by  paint  for 
many  a  year,  whose  owner  had  never  been  bitten 
by  the  money-making  mania,  and  who  had  rather 
strangers  would  share  the  comforts  of  the  interior, 
than  admire  the  outside  of  his  house.  If  I  saw  a 
broken  pane  stuffed  with  a  petticoat,  then  I  was 
sure  of  a  welcome.  It  was  like  the  banner  of 
the  ancient  barons,  which,  w'hen  displayed  from 
the  castle,  betokened  that  the  lord  was  at  home, 
and  would  receive  all  that  came.  At  these  "  gude 
houses"  one  is  always  sure  of  a  welcome  unaffect- 


li>6 

od  and  unostentatious ;  not  the  effect  of  a  sudden 
lit  of  generosity,  or  given  for  the  purposes  of  dis- 
playing to  the  eyes  of  a  stranger  the  splendours  of 
the  house  ;  but  given  without  effort,  as  if  it  were 
not  worth  giving,  and  thus  relieving  the  receiver 
from  the  weight  of  obligation.  I  have  been  at 
some  of  these  places,  and  I  hope  in  heaven  I 
shall  visit  many  more,  for  of  all  the  characters  I 
covet  for  my  country,  that  of  hospitality  is  what  I 
covet  most;  not  for  the  purpose  of  attaining  to  a 
name  abroad,  by  entertaining  men  who  have  re- 
turned our  hospitality  with  slanderous  imputations, 
but  as  a  noble  disinterested  interchange  of  kind- 
ness, and  as  a  tie  binding  the  people  of  this  coun- 
try together,  and  giving  them  as  it  were  a  home 
in  every  corner  of  this  great  republic,  they  may 
chance  to  visit.  For  my  part,  not  even  the  most 
substantial  benefits  warm  my  heart  half  so  much 
as  the  recollection  of  those  kind  welcomes,  it  has 
sometimes  fallen  to  my  lot  to  receive  at  a  distance 
from  home,  and  among  strangers. 

This  liberal  hospitality,  to  whatever  cause  it 
may  be  owing,  is  more  general  in  this  part  of  the 
world,  than  where  we  have  been  educated ;  and 
is  owing  to  the  people  being  "  a  century  behind- 


127 

hand  with  us,"  in  the  sense  I  have  just  explained. 
They  are  not  yet  so  debauched  with  the  sordid 
money-making  spirit,  which,  Avhen  it  once  takes 
root  in  the  heart  of  man,  is  the  Bohon  Upas,  that 
poisons  the  air  we  breathe,  and  kills  every  whole- 
some product  of  vegetation  in  its  neighbourhood, 
creating  a  desert  around.  The  time,  however, 
seems  to  be  fast  approaching,  when  the  saving 
spirit  will  pervade  even  the  soil  of  Virginia,  and 
the  south  ;  for  there  are  actually  instances  of  men 
selling  their  lands  to  become  merchants  and 
manufacturers,  smitten  by  the  imposing  appear- 
ance of  wealth  and  competency,  exhibited  by  the 
dependants  of  banks.  If  this  practice  should  con- 
tinue, and  increase,  in  a  few  years  the  race  of  old 
land-holders  will  be  no  more,  and  their  places 
be  occupied  by  spruce  traders,  who  value  money 
beyond  all  things,  because  it  gives  them  a  conse- 
quence nothing  else  can  give ;  and  who  will  some- 
times give  a  grand  dinner  to  show  their  silver 
plate.  The  ancient  spirit  of  honour  will  then  be 
extinct  where  it  once  flourished,  and  those  who 
seek  hospitality  must  go  beyond  the  mountains  to 
the  new  states,  where  it  will  finally  take  refuge. 
Money  will  then  be  not  only  virtue,  but  wisdom ; 
Vol.  IL  12 


128 

and  the  true  satiric  allusion  of  the  statue,  called 
Hermathena,  which  has  puzzle(^  the  learned,  be  un- 
derstood. This  statue,  you  may  recollect,  repre- 
sented Mercury,  the  god  of  thieves,  lawyers,  and 
merchants,  and  Minerva  in  the  same  body  ;  allud- 
ing to  the  custom  on  Change,  of  making-  wealth 
and  trickery  synonymous  with  wisdom. 

It  often  amuses  me  to  see  how  a  hap-hazard, 
neck-or-nothing  voyage,  which  by  some  rare  good 
fortune  enriches  a  common-place  individual,  in- 
creases his  reputation  for  talents.  All  the  small 
fry  look  up  to  him ;  he  begins  tp  talk  with  great 
•mphasis,  but  no  discretion,  about  matters  he  don't 
uuderstand ;  and  his  great  talents  are  at  last  re- 
warded by  being  incorporated  into  a  banking  in- 
stitution !  It  would  seem,  that  the  acquisition  of 
riches  is  considered  as  unequivocal  proof  of  great 
cleverness — which  is  the  mercantile  phrase  for 
wisdom.  But  in  my  opinion,  any  man  may  grow 
rich  if  he  pleases.  It  is  only  to  become  a  slave 
to  .gain  ;  to  think,  and  work,  and  dream,  for  mo- 
ney, and  to  repress  and  starve  every  liberal  im- 
pulse of  the  mind.  Thirty  or  forty  years  sticking 
close  to  this,  will  inevitably  make  a  man  rich 
enough  to  consult  his  tastes  or  his  passions,  just  at 


129 

an  age  when  he  has  no  tastes,  and  for  the  most 
part  b<it  one  passion.  This  is  what  is  called  gain- 
ing the  whole  world  and  losing  our  soul — an  ex- 
change very  common  in  this  world.     Good  bye. 


LETTER  XXXIII. 


DEAR  FRANK, 

At I  receired  a  letter  from  you,  dated 

almost  a  month  ago,  which  I  must  answer  forth- 
with. In  the  first  place,  you  accuse  me  of  hosti- 
lity to  English  people,  and  English  literature,  be- 
cause I  speak,  I  hope,  with  becoming  feeling,  of 
the  unceasing  attempts  of  a  great  number  of 
British  writers,  to  injure  the  reputation  of  our 
countrymen  and  government  in  the  eyes  of  the 
world.  1  disclaim  the  imputation  of  any  other  but 
defensive  hostility ;  at  the  same  time,  I  assure 
you,  I  am  neither  ashamed  of  feeling  indignant  at 
their  calumnies,  nor  afraid  of  expressing  nay  in- 
dignation. Whether  abuse  of  the  people  of  this 
country,  its  manners,  morals,  and  literature,  is  a 
papular  subject  or  not ;  or  whether  it  assures  to 
the  calumniator  the  patronage  of  government,  I 
12* 


132 

am  not  able  to  say  j  but  certain  it  is,  that  there  is 
hardly  a  newspaper  or  political  pamphlet,  publish- 
eri  in  that  country,  favourable  to  the  ministerial 
side,  that  does  not  in  some  part  of  it  contain  a 
repetition  of  splenetic  effusions  against  us.  If  the 
Reviewers  get  hold  of  an  American  publication, 
it  is  made  use  of  merely  as  a  pretext  to  calumniate 
us  in  some  way  or  other;  and  one  of  the  most 
celebrated  of  their  Reviews  seems  to  have  been 
established  for  hardly  any  other  purpose,  than  to 
libel  America  and  France.  It  is  called  the  Quar- 
terly Review,  and  being  rather  an  obscure,  con- 
temptible kind  of  a  Billingsgate  production,  would 
hardly  merit  attention,  were  it  not  for  its  propen- 
sity to  general  and  indiscriminate  abuse  of  any 
body  the  ministry  dislikes.  In  times  less  enlight- 
ened than  the  present,  political  satire  and  abuse 
was  generally  confined  to  newspapers  and  pam- 
phlets, and  the  title  of  the  article  corresponded 
with  the  subject.  It  is  the  peculiar  boast  of  this 
age,  ^that  criticism  should  have  been  enlisted  into 
the  service  of  party,  and  that  a  critic  can  now 
snugly  vent  his  spleen  upon  a  whole  people,  or 
party,  in  reviewing  a  book,  which  has  nothing  to 
do  with  the  subject.     What  is  perhaps  still  more 


133 

extraordinary,  many  of  the. most  enlightened  peo- 
ple of  this  country,  do  actually  pay  attention  to 
the  judgments  of  these  impartial  critics,  and  not 
unfrequently  make  up  their  minds,  as  to  the 
merits  of  a  book,  on  the  decision  of  these  compe- 
tent judges.  Don't  mistake  me,  in  supposing  that 
I  mean  to  say,  their  decisions  are  never  founded 
on  the  real  merits  of  a  book  ;  I  will  do  them  the 
justice  to  say,  that  if  they  have  no  particular  anti- 
pathy to  an  author — if  the  subject  of  his  work  does 
not  in  the  remotest  degree  affect  the  ministry, 
or  go  to  advocate  the  abolition  of  the  office  of  in- 
spector-general of  pipes — if,  in  short,  the  work 
has  nothing  to  do  with  the  favourite  opinions  of 
the  Reviewer — it  is  just  as  likely  as  not,  that  he  will 
give  a  tolerable  judgment ;  provided  he  don't 
forget  the  book  altogether,  in  the  pleasure  of 
hearing  himself  abuse  the  Americans. 

Great  Britain,  as  well  as  the  more  enlightened 
portion  of  this  country,  is  now  rent  and  divided 
into  two  great  factions,  marshalled  under  the  ban- 
ners of  the  two  great  Reviewers,  one  carrying  the 
sway  over  Scotland,  the  other  over  England  and 
Wales  J  the  first,  sometimes  mistaken,  but  willing 


134 

to  retract ;  ride  Lord  Byron  ;  the  latter,  always 
tenacious  in  opinion,  especially  when  he  is  in  the 
wrong,  and  only  to  be  deterred  from  the  repeti- 
tion of  old  calumnies,  by  the  refreshing  tempta- 
tion of  new  ones. 

This  latter  gentleman  was  once  a  cabin-boy  in 
a  Newcastle  Collier ;  and  I  should  disdain  to 
mention  this  to  his  disparagement,  had  not  be 
deserted  his  cast,  and  become  the  enemy  and  ca- 
lumniator of  the  very  class  of  people  from  whence 
he  derived  his  birth,  ever  since  he  became  super- 
intendent of  pipes,  and  wrote  esquire  to  his  name. 

There  was  lately  in  N a  sea-captain,  under 

whom  the.  Reviewer  served  his  apprenticeship, 
who  told  several  amusing  anecdotes  of  the  little 
fellow.  Among  other  matters,  he  mentioned  his 
pertinacity,  in  sticking  to  a  calumny,  when  once 
he  had  given  it  utterance,  and  the  invincible  ob- 
stinacy with  which  he  resisted  the  application  of 
a  rope's  end,  vVhich  was  generally  employed  to 
get  the  truth  out  of  him.  The  honest  captain 
moreover  averred,  that  he  was  the  ugliest,  snarl- 
ing, captious,  troublesome  little  cabin-boy  he  ever 
had  in  his  ship  ;  and  that  his  ungovernable  hoslili- 


135 

f.y  to  the  Americans,  arose  from  his  having  once 
been  terribly  flogged  by  a  Yankey  sailor  at  Wrap- 
ping. 

To  award  that  justice  he  has  never  awarded  us, 
I  will  do  him  the  credit  to  say,  that  amid  all  the 
disadvantages  of  his  situation,  he  managed  to  cul- 
tivate learning,  insomuch  that  he  at  length  gained 
the  notice  of  some  munificent  gentlemen,  who  sent 
him  to  the  university,  where  he  excited  attention, 
not  so  much  for  being  a  great  scholar,  as  being  a 
great  scholar  considering  he  was  brought  up  a 
cabin-boy. 

Among  those  who  were  smitten  with  wonder  at 
oUch  a  phenomenon,  was  Earl  Grosvenor,  a  noble- 
man who,  being  immensely  rich,  had  little  occa- 
sion for  any  extraordinary  portion  of  under- 
derstanding.  It  struck  his  lordly  capacity,  that  it 
was  a  most  wonderful  thing  for  a  man,  who  was 
neither  a  lord  nor  a  gentleman  born,  to  have  either 
common  sense  or  common  feeling.  So  he  took 
him  under  his  protection,  brought  him  into  notice, 
and  coatinued  his  patron  to  the  end  of  his  life. 
The  moment  he  got  among  lords,  he  began  to 
assume  all  the  airs  of  a  man  of  high  aristocratic 
birth,    tacked   esquire  to  his  name,   and   on  all 


136 

occasions  expressed  his  utter  contempt  for  demo- 
crats and  common  people.  This  is  ever  the  case 
with  men  t)f  hiw  and  grovelling  minds,  who  are 
continually  reminding  us  of  their  former  insigni- 
ficance, by  their  ill-bred  arrogance  when  fortune 
smiles.  He  wrote  a  poem,  now  gone  down  to 
oblivion  ;  one  of  those  productions  which  acquire 
celebrity,  not  from  their  own  merits,  but  the  de- 
merits of  those  they  are  aimed  at.  It  gave  the 
finishing  blow  to  the  miserable  Delia  Cruscans 
however,  and  the  embryo  Reviewer  strutted  about 
in  triumph,  like  a  little  school-boy,  when  he  has 
made  the  frogs  duck  their  heads  and  be  quiet,  by 
throwing  a  pebble  in  a  pond ;  or  more  appro- 
priately, like  Don  Quixote  when  he  had  utterly 
discomfited  the  wool-clad  host  of  Trapoban. 
About  this  time  he  made  a  furious  attack  on  the 
French  revolution,  while  presiding  over  the  anti- 
jacobin  Review,  where  he  played  the  part  of 
"  moonshine"  to  Mr.  Canning,  the  sun  by  whose 
reflected  light  he  shone.  The  next  time  he  came 
before  the  public,  was  as  the  translator  of  Juvenal. 
In  order  to  make  room  for  this,  he  began  by 
finding  fault  with  all  preceding  translators ;  being, 
I  suppose,   resolved  to  raise  his  own  work   by 


137 


bringing  others  below  its  level.  The  harsh  and 
overweaning  arrogance  of  this  preface,  was  worthy 
the  editor  of  the  Quarterly  Review,  which,  if  I 
mistake  not,  praised  it,  either  from  a  fdlow-feeling 
Arising  from  similarity  of  character,  or  because  the 
translator  of  Juvenal  was  at  that  time  editor  of  the 
Review.  The  world  has  probably  forgotten  these 
circumstances;  for  it  is  a  peculiarity  of  this  wpter 
that  whatever  he  does,  after  having  provoked  a 
temporary  indignation  or  contempt,  sinks  quietly 
into  oblivion,  or  is  only  brought  into  public 
notice  by  some  more  heinous  misdemeanor.  He 
resembles  a  convict,  whose  petty  rogueries  are 
only  brought  to  light  by  more  serious  offences, 
which  at  last  bring  him  to  the  halter,  where  they 
all  come  out  in  his  last  dying  speech. 

Since  this  fortunate,  or  rather  unfortunate  gen- 
tleman, has  become  the  high  priest  of  public 
opinion  in  England,  and  inspector-general  of 
tobacco-pipes,  he  has  attracted  the  attention  of 
the  people  of  this  country,  pretty  much  in  the 
same  way.  His  name  would  probably  never  have 
been  heard  in  this  wide  western  hemisphere,  and 
certainly  never  would  have  been  honoured  by  the 
contempt  of  a  great  majority  of  the  Americans, 


138 

who  have  chanced  to  hear  of  him,  had  he  not  as 
it  were  forced  himself  into  our  notice,  like  a  little 
irritable  cur,  by  following  us  around,  barking  and 
biting  our  haels,  until  we  are  tempted  to  turn  and 
kick  the  puppy,  for  his  obtrusive  impertinence 
and  persevering  ill  nature.  Every  thing  written 
by  this  doughty  esquire  is  marked  by  the  charac- 
teristics of  his  early  vulgar  associations ;  his  re- 
prehensions are  vulgar  abuse;  his  wit  is  of  the 
true  forecastle  smack;  his  satire  is  calumny;  his 
humour  of  the  genuine  coal-heaver  stamp,  and 
his  criticism  partakes  of  that  coarse  harshness, 
which  almost  always  distinguishes  a  low  man,  rais- 
ed by  fortune  rather  than  merit,  to  a  height  he 
neither  sustains  by  his  dignity,  nor  adorns  by  his 
modest  worth. 

It  is  from  the  influence  of  opinions  coming  to 
us  under  the  sanction  of  such  a  person,  that  I 
would  wish  to  see  my  countrymen  entirely  freed. 
While  I  feel  gratitude  for  the  instruction,  the 
pleasure,  the  delight,  which  I  have  derived,  and 
still  derive,  from  the  productions  of  British  genius ; 
while  I  look  up  to  the  writers  of  former  days,  as 
the  rich  fountain  from  whence  my  mind  derived 
its  earliest  nourishment.    1  neither  consider   mv 


139 

obligations  to  extend  to  a  respect  for  the  opinions  of 
a  pert  and  splenetic  hireling,  or  to  a  quiet  acquies- 
cence in  his  abuse,  although  he  is  the  countryman 
of  Shakspeare  and  Goldsmith.  While  1  reverence 
and  admire  these  latter,  I  do  not  see  any  special 
reason  why  all  the  Grub-street  writers  of  England, 
should  receive  our  admiration,  and  challenge  the 
privilege  of  reviling  us,  merely  because  they  hap- 
pen to  be  their  countrymen. 

The  second  charge  I  think  it  necessary  to  reply 
tOj  is  that  of  contempt  of  the  church,  or  rather 
the  dignitarieiB  of  the  church,  who  you  say  I  have 
not  treated  with   sufficient   respect.      This  is  a 
delicate  subject,  and  perhaps  might  better  be  let 
alone ;  yet  still  I  cannot  consent  to  sit  down  quiet- 
ly under  the  imputation,  although  in  all  probabi- 
lity my  defence  may  increase   the    magnitude  of 
the  original  fault.     Notwithstanding  all  the  libels 
uttered  in   the  pulpit  against  poor  human  nature, 
and  the  alleged  depravity,  as  well  as  infidelity  of 
mankind,  I  cannot  but  feel  and  know,  that  there 
is  a  natural  religious  feeling  pervading  the  whole 
human    race.     All   nations,    savage    or  civilized, 
that  I  have  ever  read  or  heard  of,  pay  worship  to 
a  superior  being ;  it  seems  a  universal  sentiment 

Vol.  II.  12 


140 

indeed  j  and  therefore  do  1  disbelieve  lliat  tesii- 
jnony,  come  whence  it  may,  which  goes  to  estab- 
lish their  propensity  to  unbelief.  There  is  an- 
other charge  against  honest  human  nature,  in  which 
I  put  as  little  faith,  and  that  is  the  want  of  respect 
to  the  preachers  of  the  gospel,  who,  wherever  1 
have  been,  exercise  a  greater  influence  in  society, 
and  receive  a  greater  degree  of  attention  and 
respect,  than  any  other  class  of  men  of  equal 
talents  and  virtue.  It  is  salutary  that  it  should  be 
so  to  a  certain  extent,  provided  it  stops  short  of  a 
servile  obedience  to  every  innovation  they  choose 
to  introduce  into  the  church,  and  to  the  relinquish- 
ment of  those  innocent  gratifications,  noble  pur- 
suits, and  blameless  amusements,  which  render 
this  world  tolerable  to  its  inhabitants,  contribute 
to  purify  and  refine  the  heart,  and  tempt  us  to  the 
exertion  of  the  faculties  bestowed  upon  us  by  the 
Being  who  is  all  intellect,  in  the  pursuit  of 
honourable  distinction.  Fully  aware  of  the  salu- 
tary effects  resulting  from  a  respect  for  religion 
and  its  respectable  professors,  I  am  not  rogue  or 
fool  enough  to  say  any  thing  to  the  disparagement 
of  either.  The  observations  I  made  in  a  former 
letter,  merely    related  to   divers  little   sprigs    of 


141 

divinity,  who,  having  tried  all  other  professions  in 
vain,  have  at  last  taken  refuge  in  the  church, 
where  they  rail  with  a  sort  of  senseless  impetuosi- 
ty against  what  our  good  old  fathers  and  mothers 
practised  themselves  and  permitted  to  their  chil- 
dren, and  endeavour  to  gain  a  reputation  for  their 
unrelenting  piety,  which  they  feel  is  denied  to 
their  talents.  1  dislike  to  see  such  beardless  lads, 
who  are  obliged  to  wear  spectacles  to  look  like 
men,  lecturing  and  hectoring  gray-headed  men, 
and  aged  matrons,  as  if  they  were  children  at 
school.  This  might  have  passed,  when  priests 
were  the  only  people  that  could  read  and  write ; 
but  I  can't  help  thinking  it  is  a  lilUe  indecorous 
novv-a-days,  and  I  am  very  apt  to  speak  my  mind. 
I  contemplate  a  preacher  of  the  gospel,  who  ex- 
hibits even  a  remote  outline  of  the  precepts  he 
inculcates ;  who  is  modest,  yet  dignified  and  firm 
in  enforcing  the  doctrines  of  his  religion ;  who 
preaches  forgiveness  and  charity  to  all  men,  and 
refrains  from  persecuting  his  brother;  who  can 
bear  to  be  opposed,  without  insulting  his  antago- 
nist ;  who  can  bear  to  see  his  fellow-creatures 
enjoying  innocent  amusements,  in  which  it  is  not 
becoming  his  character  to  partake,  without  endea- 


142 

vouring  to  poison  their  pleasures  by  persuading 
them  they  are  wicked.  When  I  see  him,  in  short, 
acting  up  to  the  high  station  he  occupies,  without 
arrogance  in  the  pulpit,  and  servility  out  of  it — I  feel 
that  I  behold  in  reality  an  ambassador  of  Heaven, 
and  contemplate  such  a  being  with  a  degree  of  reve- 
rential affection,  such  as  1  bear  to  my  own  father. 
While  1  cherish  this  feeling,  however,  I  certainly 
do  not  consider  myself  as  called  upon  to  bow  the 
knees  of  my  understanding  to  every  young  gentle- 
man in  spectacles  and  a  black  coat. 

Next  in  the  list  of  my  enormities,  is  a  disrespect 
for  philosophy  and  science,  exemplified  in  the 
light  manner  1  have  spoken  of  the  art  of  making 
worlds,  and  various  learned  as  well  as  fashionable 
liieories  of  the  day.  Now,  so  far  from  either  of 
these  charges  being  true,  there  is  not  a  man  in 
your  lyceum,  young  or  old,  that  feels  a  greater 
veneration  for  philosophy  and  philosophers,  sci- 
ence and  scientific  men,  than  myself,  when  they 
are  of  the  true  sort.  But  I  can't,  for  the  life  of 
me,  carry  this  propensity  so  far  as  to  admire  your 
learned  metaphysicians,  who,  like  dancers  in  a 
cotillion,  set  oflT  with  a  flourish,  cut  a  few  capers, 
and  then  return  to  the  place  from  whence  they 


143 

started.  Nor,  to  say  the  truth,  have  I  much  vene- 
ration for  those  laborious  idlers,  who  play  at  foot- 
ball with  worlds,  and  make  them  with  such  perfect 
ease,  that  our  veneration  for  the  great  Author  of 
nature  is  astonishingly  decreased,  when  we  find  the 
facility  with  which  such  trifles  can  be  performed. 
Still  less  can  1  give  my  respect  to  a  race  of  learned 
men,  common  in  these  days,  who  are  eternally 
reminding  us  of  their  greatness,  by  publishing  in 
the  newspapers  all  they  write,  and  all  that  is  writ- 
ten to  them ;  who  puff"  each  other  into  notice  by 
an  exchange  of  complimentary  letters ;  who  wriio 
long  dissertations  on  a  dry  bone,  or  comical  fish ; 
who  "  nickname  God's  creatures,"  whenever  they 
can  catch  them  without  a  Latin  one  ;  who  turn 
their  own  trumpeters,  for  want  of  a  belter,  and 
who  will  travel  you  two  hundred  miles  to  get  a 
piece  of  bone,  for  an  excuse  to  advertise  the  pub- 
lic of  their  existence,  as  poor  Mr.  Lovell,  in  Eve- 
lina, paid  five  shillinji,s  a  night  to  go  to  the  play, 
and  show  his  friends  he  was  still  living.  Such 
men  are,  I  think,  fair  game ;  amusing  fellows, 
whose  existence  was  a  paradox,  they  seemed  so 
perfectly  useless,  until  a  wag  made  the  discovery 
13* 


144 

that  lliey  were  made  to  be  laughed  at.  Were  it 
not  for  these  truly  valuable  members  of  society, 
in  the  present  dearth  of  meiry  authors,  the  world 
of  literature  would  be  as  dull  as  our  old  professor's 
lectures,  on — every  thing  that  came  into  his  head. 
The  last  and  most  serious  charge  you  have  in- 
sinuated against  me,  is  that  of  cherishing  a  con- 
firmed antipathy  to  charitable  institutions,  and 
especially  to  those  venerable  married  ladies,  and 
thrice  venerable  spinsters,  who  go  about  our  cities 
like  roaring  lions,  doing  good.  Here,  too,  you 
mistake  me.  I  only  objected  to  the  infinite  num- 
ber of  these  institutions,  which  are  placed  solely 
uoder  tbe  direction  of  women,  whose  easiness  of 
belief,  and  want  of  experience  of  the  various  dis- 
guises under  which  the  vicious  practise  on  the 
credulity  of  the  charitable,  render  them  incompe- 
tent to  such  a  delicate  task.  I  am  satisfied  that 
this  almost  indiscriminate  charity  causes  far  more 
miseiy  than  it  alleviates  ;  panders  to  vice  and  im- 
morality, by  taking  from  the  labouring  class  the 
strongest  inducement  to  industry  and  economy, 
namely,  the  conviction  that  these  alone  would 
keep  them  from  starving;  by  rendering  it  easier 


145 

to  get  relief  by  begging  than  by  work  ;  and  final- 
ly, by  giving  a  sort  of  respectability  to  pauperism 
and  beggary,  which  destroys  the  salutary  contempt 
we  used  to  feel  towards  those  now  right  honour- 
able and  thriving  professions.  The  moment  you 
make  beggary  a  tolerably  respectable  calling;  the 
moment  you  relieve  it  from  the  tax  which  it  pays 
to  society,  by  being  despised,  that  moment  you 
create  armies  of  Lazarones,  and  convert  the  idle 
and  the  indolent,  whom  the  sense  of  shame  had 
hitherto  deterred,  into  sturdy  beggars.  When  I 
was  last  in  your  city,  where  there  is  a  society  for 
the  relief  of  every  thing,  I  was  struck  with  the  bold 
and  confident  air  which  pauperism  had  assumed, 
which  I  suppose  partly  arose  from  the  unwonted 
respectability  of  the  dress  it  had  assumed. 
Formerly  it  was  necessary  for  a  beggar  to  be  both 
ragged  and  dirty,  and  to  exhibit  the  strongest 
symptoms  of  inability  to  work.  But  during  the 
period  of  my  visit,  I  was  several  times  accosted 
by  stout,  hearty  fellows,  who  under  pretence  they 
could  not  get  work,  begged  without  a  blush. 
The  friend  with  whom  I  stayed,  complained  to 
me  that  there  was  hardly  a  day  in  which  he  wa* 


146 

not  called  on  for  charitable  contributions,  either 
to  relieve  somebody,  or  to  convert  the  Hindoos, 
or  Hottentots,  by  some  of  those  good  ladies  I 
spoke  of,  who  are  such  sturdy  beggars,  that  there 
is  no  refusing  them.  One  day,  as  I  was  sitting 
alone  in  the  drawing-room,  thinking  about  matters 
and  things  in  general,  I  was  roused  by  a  most 
confident  rap  at  the  door.  On  opening  it,  a  smart- 
dressed  young  lady  tripped  in.  Professing  a  great 
respect  for  the  sex,  I  bowed  most  profoundly,  and 
invited  her  into  the  parlour.  The  moment  she 
sat  down,  without  being  asked  her  wishes,  and 
with  the  air  of  a  demand  rather  than  a  request, 
she  told  me  that  her  mother  being  in  want  of  ten 
dollars,  she  had  come  with  Miss 's  compli- 
ments and  a  request  that  I  would  let  her  have  the 

money !     Now  Miss    was    secretary,   o^ 

treasurer,  I  forget  which,  to  several  charitable  in- 
stitutions, and  exceedingly  potent  in  the  beau 
monde ;  so  I  paid  the  ten  dollars,  to  escape  the 
"  terrible  areopagus"  of  the  tea-table.  The  young 
lady  took  the  money,  with  the  air  of  receiving 
her  due  rather  than  a  favour;  slightly  lisped 
"  Obliged  to  you,  Sir — Ma  can  now  send  me  to 


147 


dancing-school  this  winter" — and  slid  out  of  the 
room  with  aright  fashionable  air.  Ten  dollars — 
laid  up  in  heaven,  thought  I. 

I  had  scarcely  recommenced  my  cogitations, 
when  there  was  another  rap  at  the  door,  and  a 
most  respectable-looking  matron  was  shown  in, 
who  handed  me  a  subscription-book,  for  raising 
money  for  the  support  of  missionaries  among  the 
Hottentots.  I  asked  her,  with  all  the  respect  I 
could  assume,  whether  all  the  poor  Indians  of  this 
country  were  converted .''  whether  the  soul  of  a 
Pottawottomy  was  not  as  well  worth  saving,  as  that 
of  a  Hottentot  ?  and  whether  their  duty  to  God 
and  their  country  would  not  be  quite  as  well  ful- 
filled, by  converting  dangerous  and  bloody  savages 
at  our  doors,  into  mild  and  peaceable  Christian 
neighbours,  as  by  going  to  the  East  for  that  pur- 
pose ?  "  Lord,  Sir,"  replied  the  lady,  "  nobody 
thinks  of  matters  so  near  at  home.  Besides,  the 
Missionary  Magazines,  and  Reviews,  don't  say 
half  as  much  about  our  Indians,  as  they  do  about 
the  Hottentots  and  Hindoos."  This  was  conclu- 
sive ;  so  I  paid  my  contribution  for  the  conversion 
of  the  poor  Hottentots,  in  hopes  of  getting  into 
the  Missionary  Magazine, 


148 

This  was  to  be  a  day  of  disbursemenl.  The 
wext  that  came  was  a  strapping  fellow,  who,  find- 
ing the  door  open,  came  into  the  parlour  without 
knocking,  from  whence  I  judged  him  to  be  a  very 
modest  man.  Now,  I  somehow  or  other  always 
feel  well  inclined  towards  Irishmen,  who  will  give 
away  when  they  have,  with  the  same  indifference 
that  they  will  beg  when  they  have  not ;  but  by 
this  time  I  began  to  be  a  little  tired  of  the  joke. 

"  Sir,"  said  he,  "  I  am  lately  from  abroad — 
will  you  give  me  something  to  get  a  dinner?  I 
have  been  eating  soup  at  the  expense  of  the  socie- 
ty, but  to  say  the  honest  truth,  I  am  tired  of  it; 
and  would  like  very  much  to  dine  on  a  turkey  and 
oyster  sauce.  Will  your  honour  give  me  money 
to  buy  a  turkey  ?  I  can  beg  the  oysters  somewhere 
else." 

I'll  be  hanged  if  I  do,  said  I.  Why  don't  you 
go  and  work  ?  You  are  able  enough.  Go  and  look 
for  employment ;  you'll  find  it,  if  you  want  it. 

"  Go  and  look  for  work — why,  I  could  find  that 
in  my  own  country,  only  I  didn't  get  paid  for  it. 
Look  for  work,  Sir — I  was  told  that  in  this  coun- 
try work  would  come  and  look  for  me ;  and 
though  I  have  waited  for  it  a  fortnight,  without 


349 

striking  a  stroke,  in  the  very  same  place  all  the 
time,  the  d — 1  of  a  bit  of  work  came  near  me  ; 
only  a  fat  cook  came  one  day  out  of  a  kitchen, 
and  offered  me  two  shillings  to  carry  a  pan  of 
coal-dust  to  the  dock — but  I  scorn  such  dirty  jobs; 
and  am  for  nothing  under  a  hard  dollar.  Will 
your  honour  treat  me  to  the  price  of  a  turkey  ?" 

Not  of  a  drum-stick,  said  I. 

"  Then  may  1  never  taste  one,  if  I  don't  write 
to  all  my  relations  in  Ireland,  that  is,  if  I  could 
write,  not  to  come  over  to  this  niggardly  country, 
where  work  wont  come  to  a  man — where  they 
feed  us  with  nothing  but  soup,  and  call  it  charity; 
and  where  a  poor  fellow,  like  myself,  who  has  a 
curiosity  to  taste  a  turkey,  is  obliged  to  go  without 
it,  though  he  takes  the  trouble  of  asking  for  it. 
By  my  soul,  Mr.  gentleman,  I  think  the  man  that 
asks  for  any  thing,  works  his  heart  to  skin  and 
bone  for  it,  which  is  much  harder  than  earning  it 
by  the  sweat  of  his  brow." 

Huzza — Ireland  for  ever — thought  I ;  here  is  a 
sentiment  worth  the  best  cock-turkey  in  the  land, 
dead  or  alive.  So  I  opened  my  heart,  for  that 
once,  and  gave  him  the  price  of  a  turkey.  The 
honest  rogue  took  it  with  an  air  of  obligation,  and 


150 

with  the  genuine  hospitality  of  his  country,  assur- 
ed me  he  would  invite  me  to  dine  with  him,  as 
soon  as  he  had  got  a  place  to  eat  it  in.  After  this 
rencontre,  I  went  out,  leaving  directions  with  the 
servant,  to  note  if  any  suspicions  persons  knocked 
in  my  absence.  On  ray  return  he  informed  me, 
that  six  ladies,  with  subscription-books,  had  called 
during  the  remainder  of  the  morning. 

I  hope  by  this  time  you  begin  to  comprehend 
what  I  mean;  to  wit,  that  the  distribution  of  pub- 
lic charities  ought  to  be  in  the  hands  of  public 
officers,  acquainted  with  the  world,  and  able  to 
detect  imposture  of  every  kind.  It  will  then  be 
bestowed  with  a  wariness  and  circumspection, 
which,  while  it  operates  as  far  as  is  possible  to  the 
relief  of  virtuous  distress,  does  not  encourage  and 
pamper  idleness  Mid  debauchery.  I  can  hardly 
believe  these  good  ladies,  to  whose  desire  to  do 
good  I  give  every  due  praise,  do  really  benefit 
mankind,  by  taking  from  the  pockets  of  the  good, 
to  bestow  on  the  worthless.     Farewell. 


LETTER  XXXIV 


DEAR  FRANK, 

The  "  Old  Ancients,"  as  our  friend  W ,  the 

♦  Bank  Director,  used  to  call  them,  pictured  tlie 
god  of  riches  as  lolling  in  the  lap  of  Peace,  and 
glittering  in  ornaments  of  gold.  The  modern 
Plutus  is  quite  a  different  sort  of  personage,  who, 
if  he  had  his  dues,  and  came  forth  in  his  appro- 
priate livery,  would  look  very  much  like  a  scare- 
crow in  a  corn-field,  which  is  generally  a  man  of 
straw  clothed  in  rags.  This  beggarly  Plutus,  in- 
stead of  being  nursed  by  Peace,  like  his  ancient 
namesake,  is  the  offspring  of  War.  By  the  exer- 
cise of  a  rare  kind  of  magic  he  converts  the  debts 
of  an  institution  into  a  source  of  wealth,  and  is 
consequently  rich  in  proportion  to  the  number  of 
his  creditors,  rather  than  of  his  debtors.  This 
new  system  of  getting  rich  under  the  patronage 
Vol.  II.  14 


)52 

of  the  paper  Plutus  is  a  great  improvement  oh 
the  ancient  one,  since  it  is  much  easier  for  a  man 
to  get  in  debt  to  others  than  to  get  others  in  debt 
to  him. 

To  illustrate  this,  I  will  simply  give  you  the 
prominent  features  of  the  present  fashionable 
banking  Plutus,  which  has  set  so  many  splendid 
paupers  on  horseback,  and  caused  all  those,  with 
few  exceptions,  who  are  not  connected  with  the 
system,  to  walk  on  foot.  A  modern  Bank  spins 
itself  out  of  its  own  bowels  as  a  spider  does  the 
web  with  which  he  catches  the  silly  flies  that  buzz 
about.  I  will  give  you  the  history  of  one  of 
these — which  is  nearly  the  history  of  all,  and 
which  I  learned  from  an  ex-director. 

In  a  certain  city,  over  which  there  did  not  reign 
a  mighty  monarch,  but  which  was  governed  by  an 
illustrious  Mayor  and  twenty-four  fat  Aldermen, 
which  is  a  great  city  on  paper,  and,  like  the  fa- 
mous Terra  Incognita,  makes  a  terrible  figure  on 
the  map,  but  is  just  as  difficult  to  be  found  else- 
where as  the  said  Terra  Incognita.  In  this  great 
city  certain  tavernkeepers,  stage-owners,  and  dri- 
vers of  hackney-coaches,  being  in  want  of  money, 
did  incontinently  gather  themselves  together,  and 


153 


make  a  Bank.  They  first  elected  themselves  Di- 
rectors, and  after  advertising  that  the  capital  stock 
of  the  Bank,  to  wit,  the  paper  not  yet  made,  was 
all  that  they  meant  to  appropriate  to  the  payment 
of  their  debts,  they  fell  to  work,  and  made  as 
many  bank-notes  as  the  President  could  possibly 
sign.  With  these  notes  they  paid  up  their  in- 
stalments, by  borrowing  of  the  bank  to  pay  the 
bank.  The  plan  succeeded  so  famously,  that 
Messrs.  Tom,  Dick,  Harry,  Tag,  Rag,  Bobtail, 
and  the  rest  of  them,  got  up  banks  in  the  same 
way,  until  at  last  money  became  so  plenty  that  it 
was  actually  the  cheapest  thing  at  market — which 
was  a  great  blessing.  Thus  it  continued,  until 
this  great  city  contained  more  than  a  dozen  banks, 
which  in  a  little  time  issued  more  paper  than  all 
the  property  in  the  place  above  and  under  ground 
could  redeem.  Every  body  could  get  as  much 
money  as  they  wanted  ;  consequently  every  body 
ran  in  debt,  and  nobody  would  work,  because 
they  could  live  without  so  degrading  themselves. 
The  whole  community  became  independent — ex- 
cept that  every  body  was  dependent  on  banks, 
and  no  man  could  call  his  house  his  own.  People 
talk  of  the  golden  age — but  it  was  nothing  to  the 


154 

age  of  paper.  Houses  grew  up  like  mushroom!^, 
and  tumbled  down  as  soon.  Property  attained  to 
such  a  high  price  that  nobody  could  afford  to  buy 
it,  but  those  who  had  no  money;  and  every  man, 
disdaining  the  pursuits  of  regular  industry,  became 
a  dashing  speculator,  and  went  neck  or  nothing — 
which  was  another  very  fine  thing.  The  staple 
commodities  of  this  town  attained  to  such  an 
enormous  and  extravagant  value,  owing  to  the 
great  plenty  of  paper  money,  that  they  cost  more 
at  liome  than  they  would  sell  for  abroad;  and 
thus  that  pernicious  race  of  men,  the  merchants, 
was  ruined — which  was  another  exceeding  fine 
thing.  But  the  beauty  of  the  whole  system  was, 
that  it  enabled  a  man  to  live  in  splendour  all  his 
life,  leaving  it  to  his  children  to  pay  his  debts,  in- 
stead of  ruining  their  morals  by  leaving  them  a 
great  fortune,  as  had  hitherto  been  fashionable. 
Having  produced  this  consummation  so  devoutly 
to  be  wished,  nothing  was  wanting  but  to  render  it 
as  permanent  as  the  nature  ofthings  would  permit. 
So  they  petitioned  the  legislature  which  presided 
over  the  destinies  of  this  great  city,  stating  that 
they  had  established  these  banks  in  the  teeth  of 
the  laws,  ro  the  which  they  had  been  induced  by 


155 

their  great  respect  for  the  legislature  which 
enacted  the  laws — and  that  therefore  justice  de- 
manded that  this  violation  of  the  law,  and  this 
respect  for  the  lawgivers,  should  be  duly  ac- 
knowledged, by  legalizing  these  banks  as  a  reward 
for  their  breach  of  the  laws !  This  reasoning 
was  irresistible,  and  charters  were  given  them 
in  a  lump,  as  an  inducement  to  others  to  break 
the  laws,  and  respect  the  legislatures. 

The  example  of  this  great  paper  city  has  been 
followed  in  the  neighbourhood,  in  all  directions, 
so  that  there  is  scarcely  a  town,  that  is  to  say,  a 
cluster  of  a  dozen  houses,  in  this  part  of  the 
world,  that  has  not  one  or  more  banks.  Some 
are  smitten  with  the  prospect  of  sharing  in  the 
spoils  of  honest  industry,  which  pays  all  the  tax  of 
the  depreciation  of  money  j  and  honest  men  are 
frequently  forced  to  become  accomplices  rather 
than  victims.  The  country  is  puffed  into  an  ap- 
pearance of  bloated  prosperity,  which  deceives 
the  unwary^  but  is  in  reality  weakened  most  es- 
sentially by  this  precarious  expansion,  and  im- 
poverished in  fact  by  the  loss  of  a  portion  of  its 
export  trade,  owing  to  the  unnaturally  high  price 
of  every  staple  article  at  home — as  well  as  by  the 
14* 


156 

comparative  decrease  of  the  value  of  incomes 
arising  from  the  solid  source  of  real  capital. 
Men  of  the  largest  landed  estates  cannot  cope 
with  the  expenses  of  a  dependent  on  a  bank,  and 
must  either  shrink  from  a  comparison  with  these 
upstart,  unreal  pageants,  who  have  Bank  Directors 
for  their  friends,  or  join  the  current,  mortgage 
their  estates,  live  splendidly — die  insolvent,  and 
leave  their  children  beggars. 

Interest  makes  men  plausible,  if  not  ingenious 
in  argument,  and  I  have  heard  many  specious  ar- 
guments in  favour  of  this  paper  system,  which  in 
my  mind  is  more  pernicious  to  the  morals,  man- 
ners, and  real  permanent  prosperity  of  this  coun- 
try, than  any  one  cause,  or  all  other  causes  put 
together,  not  excepting  whiskey. 

It  strikes  at  the  root  of  honest  industry,  and 
industry  is  the  foundation  of  the  good  morals  of 
jiine-tenths  of  mankind,  who,  for  want  of  other 
sources  of  amusement  in  idleness,  would  become 
vicious  merely  to  pass  the  time.  The  denunci- 
ation of  a  life  of  labour  on  fallen  man  was  the 
greatest  blessing  that  ever  accompanied  so  great 
an  evil  as  was  that  fall.  But  the  facility  of  getting 
paper  money  from  banks  has  converted  a  great 


157 


portion  of  the  tradesmen  and  labouring  classes 
into  speculators.  They  have  got  a  habit  and  fa- 
cility of  running  in  debt,  which  renders  them 
careless  of  incurring  debts.  This  in  a  little  time 
does  away  that  salutary  unwillingness  to  run  in 
debt,  which  is  the  safegurd  of  honesty,  and  at  last 
causes  an  unprincipled  carelessness,  as  to  the  ful- 
filment of  pecuniary  engagements  and  the  pay- 
ment of  debts,  except  by  new  discounts,  which 
increase  them. 

The  torrent  of  speculation  is  rolling  through 
this  land  with  the  width  of  an  ocean,  and  the  ra- 
pidity of  a  torrent.  You  can't  listen  to  the  con- 
versation of  any  two  men. at  the  corners  of  the 
streets,  without  hearing  it  repeated  over  and  over 
again,  and  those  who  talk  of  nothing  else,  can 
prate  of  mighty  speculations.  Every  soul  seems 
mad,  and  plunges  into  the  torrent,  to  sink  or  swim 
as  chance  may  direct ;  for  those  who  have  nothing 
to  lose  don't  much  care  who  it  is  that  pays  the 
penalty  of  their  failure.  No  matter  if  some  do- 
zen families  are  ruined.  The  hope  of  getting 
rich  at  one  dash,  however  forlorn,  stimulates  the 
sturdy  beggar  of  a  speculator,  who  first  is  sup- 
ported  by  banks,   and  afterward  by  the  public 


158 

f-reduliiy.  The  slow,  and  sure,  and  blameless 
gains  of  honest  industry,  are  beneath  his  attention. 
The  mechanic,  who  has  gathered  a  little  inde- 
pendence, or  what  would  be  an  independence, 
were  it  not  for  the  rags  in  circulation,  by  plodding 
for  years,  urged  on  by  penurious  example,  or 
penurious  sophistry,  must,  forsooth,  build  houses 
upon  speculation,  without  knowing  whether  there 
is  any  body  to  live  in  them.  The  banks,  which 
are  now  so  numerous  that  the  ordinary  demands 
of  trade  do  not  employ  their  capitals,  one  half 
will  gladly  lend  him  money,  and  take  a  mortgage 
on  his  houses.  If  he  pays,  very  wellj  if  not,  so 
much  the  better,  the  bank  seizes  his  property, 
and  thus  exchanges  paper  for  house  and  land  ; 
which  is  turning  a  penny,  you  know,  pretty  hand- 
somely.* So  fares  it  with  almost  every  other 
class  of  the  community;  and  even  the  honest 
farmer, — he  whom  nothing  but  the  war  of  ele- 
ments can  touch,  is  seduced  by  the  pernicious 

*  I  have  been  assured,  by  a  most-  respectable  gentleman  of  the  bar, 
(hat  three-fourths  of  the  judgments  obtained  in  the  supreme  court  of 
the  state  of  New- York,  within  the  last  three  years,  were  in  favour  of 
banks,  against  real  property.  What  a  thriving  exchange — lands  and. 
houses  for  rags !    Editoa. 


159 

facility  of  getting  paper  money,  from  one  of  these 
little  manufactures  of  rags  in  his  neighbourhood, 
into  a  thousand  schemes  of  improvement  and  spe- 
culation. The  failure  of  one  begets  the  want  of 
more  money,  which  is  freely  supplied,  till  it 
amounts  to  nearly  the  value  of  his  land.  But  the 
time  for  paying  debts,  like  the  period  of  death, 
will  come  at  last.  The  farm  is  advertised  for 
sale  in  time  of  great  scarcity,  when  it  will  bring 
the  least  money ;  is  sold  for  just  enough  to  pay 
the  bank  mortgage, — the  poor  speculating  farmer 
is  thrust  from  the  spot  of  his  inheritance,  and  left 
to  begin  the  world  anew, — and  for  many  a  long 
year  neither  he  nor  his  family  are  in  want  of 
rags.  Thus  the  real  wealth  and  property  of  the 
country  changes  hands,  and  the  manufacturers  of 
rags  become  the  proprietors  of  great  landed  es- 
tates. The  farmer  is  seduced  into  an  acquies- 
cence in  this  great  system  of  swindling,  by  the 
high  price  he  receives  for  his  produce ;  and  the 
mechanic  by  his  wages  being  raised.  But  instead 
of  being  the  richer,  they  are,  in  reality,  the  poorer- 
for  it ;  since,  with  the  high  price  they  now  receive, 
they  cannot  procure  the  same  necessaries  or  lux- 
uries they  did  when  their  produce  and  their  labour 


160 

was  cheaper.  They,  with  the  rest,  pay  tribate  to 
the  gentlemen  who  speculate  on  hank  rnpitals,  as 
they  are  ludicrously  called,  and  the  other  gentle- 
men who  create  these  capitals  by  the  aid  of  a 
paper-mill,  and  thus  make  as  much  money  as  they 
want,  and  divide  nine  or  ten  per  cent,  on  their 
own  debts! 

To  show  the  effect  of  country  banks,  I  will  re- 
late a  little  example  which  came  under  my  own 
observation  a  day  or  two  ago,  and  gave  rise  to 
these  speculations,  I  believe.  We  stopt  in  the 
evening  to  sleep  at  the  house  of  a  Dutchman, 
who  kept  a  sort  of  traveller's  rest,  rather,  I  be- 
lieve, lest  he  should  be  obliged  to  entertain  tra- 
vellers for  nothing,  than  from  any  great  desire  to 
add  to  the  profits  of  his  farm.  It  was  a  scene, 
and  an  evening,  that  made  me  melancholy  with 
the  fear  of  some  day  dying,  and  leaving  a  world 
so  lovely.  The  house  was  on  a  rising  ground, 
behind  which,  and  close  at  hand,  rose  a  majestic 
mountain,  not  savage  with  rocks  and  rugged  pre- 
cipices, but  exhibiting  a  green  foliage  unbroken 
to  the  very  top,  whose  graceful,  waving  outline, 
brought  to  the  mind  images  of  peace.  In  front 
was   spread   the   richost   little    vale   I  ever   saw; 


161 


where  meadows,  and  corn-fields,  the  latier  rising 
hair  a  dozen  feet  above  the  fences,  and  the  form- 
er, speckled  with  sheep  and  cattle,  succeeded 
each  other  in  rich  luxuriance.  At  one  extremity 
ran  a  branch  of  the  river  Shenandoah,  half  hid 
among  the  high  elms  and  sycamores;  and  a  little 
further  on  rose  a  peaked  hill,  behind  which  the 
sun  was  setting.  Every  thing  seen  was  peace, 
— and  every  thing  heard  was  silence, — for  it  so 
accorded  with  the  silence,  as  to  render  it  more 
striking  in  the  intervals.  We  sometimes  heard 
the  cow-bell — sometimes  the  negro's  sonorous 
and  resounding  laugh,  which  waked  the  mountain 
echo, — sometimes  his  inimitable  whistle,  emulat- 
ing the  fife, — and  occasionally  his  song,  which, 
heard  in  the  distance,  was  singularly  melodious. 
As  long  as  1  live,  I  shall  never  forget  that  scene, 
unless,  perchance,  I  become  a  money-lender,  or 
a  money-maker,  of  which,  I  believe,  there  is  little 
danger. 

It  was,  in  truth,  a  place  for  a  man  to  make  his 
home ;  and  the  honest  Dutchman,  for  such  he 
approved  himself,  not  only  by  his  dialect,  but  by 
his  invincible  predilection  for  rich  bottoms,  seem- 
ed to  think   as  much ;  for  he  appeared   to   be 


162 

actually  contented,  a  rare  thing  in  this  world. 
In  the  calni  leisure  of  the  dusk  of  evening,  he  and 
his  dame,  and  a  jolly  dame  was  shf, — good  hu- 
moured as  a  lark,  and  round  as  a  ihimpling, — came 
and  sat  with  us  in  the  porch ;  he,  with  his  pipe ; 
she,  with  her  snufl-hox,  bearing  on  its  lid  the 
likeness  of  Commodore  Porter.  This  custom  is 
highly  eschewed  by  all  orthodox  English  travel- 
lers; but  for  my  part,  if  a  rnan  is  not  wilfully 
obtrusive,  and  transgresses  no  law  of  etiquette 
that  he  knows  of,  I  like  his  company,  and  can 
generally  get  something  amusing  or  instructive 
from  him. 

Mine  host  seemed  such  a  rare  comfortable  dog, 
that  I  determined  to  know,  if  possible,  how  he 
became  so ;  and  in  order  to  entitle  myself  to  his 
history,  told  him  mine  beforehand,  for  country 
people  are  always  a  little  curious.  The  substance 
of  the  burgomaster's,  or  justice's  (for  so  he  an- 
nounced himself)  story  was  as  follows: 

*'  I  married,"  said  he,  "  at  the  age  of  twenty- 
six,  and  my  wife,  though  perhaps  you  won't  be- 
lieve it,  was  reckoned  a  beauty  in  her  day.  My 
fortune  was  three  hundred  and  twenty-eight 
pounds,  and  a  negro  man ;  and  my  wife  brought 


163 

me  a  great  chest  filled  with,  I  dare  say,  six  hun- 
dred petticoats  and  short  gowns,  which  have 
lasted  till  this  day ;  so  her  clothing  cost  me  nothing. 
This  was  what  we  had  to  begin  the  world  with. 
After  looking  about  a  little,  I  bought  this  farm, 
which  being  much  worn,  and  out  of  order,  I  got 
cheap.  The  money  I  had  was  enough  for  the 
first  payment,  and  the  rest  of  the  purchase-money 
was  to  be  paid  in  three  equal  annual  instalments. 

"  The  farm,  as  1  said,  was  then  in  poor  order, 
the  fields  a  good  deal  worn  out,  the  fences  bad, 
and  the  house  very  old.  But  there  was  no  time 
to  groan ;  for  the  year  was  coming  about,  and  the 
money  must  be  paid.  So  Tom,  and  I,  and  often 
my  wife,  turned  out  early  and  late,  and  worked 
like  horses ;  and  after  selling  my  harvest,  I  car- 
ried my  first  payment  home  in  hard  dollars. 

"  Well,"  continued  the  Dutchman,  "  the  next 
year  I  went  on  still  belter,  paid  the  money  still 
easier,  and  at  the  end  of  the  third  year  my  farm 
was  my  own.  The  times,  somehow  or  other, 
mended  with  me  every  day;  and  what  is  very 
odd,  though  ray  wife  always  brought  me  at  the 
time  of  each  payment  a  chopping  boy,  yet  when 
I  returned  from  making  the  last,  she  brought  me 

Vol.  II.  15 


164 

two  fine  girls,  I  suppose  because  she  knew  we 
could  now  aflbrd  it.  We  now  thought  to  make 
ourselves  comfortable  by  building  a  better  home, 
for  we  had  but  a  poor  one  before  :  so  in  the 
spring  I  set  to  work  as  soon  as  the  frost  was  out 
of  the  ground.  I  burnt  my  own  bricks  and  lime, 
from  my  own  limestone  and  clay,  and  furnished 
timber  and  boards  from  my  own  farm.  In  the 
mean  time,  the  war  came  on ;  and  as  it  is  an  ill 
wind  that  blows  nobody  good,  the  number  of 
wagons  passing  this  way  increased  every  day,  be- 
cause the  produce  could  not  go  round  by  sea.  I 
sold  all  the  produce  of  my  land  at  my  own  door, 
except  my  wheat.  If  that  was  high,  I  could 
afford  to  send  the  flour  to  market ;  and  if  not,  I 
cut  it  into  shorts,  to  feed  the  wagoners'  horses. 
By  the  time  my  house  was  finished,  it  was  paid 
for;  and  now  I  don't  know  what  I  shall  build 
next,  for  my  part.  I  am  forty-three  years  old.  I 
have  twelve  hundred  acres  of  as  fine  bottom  as 
any  in  Virginia, — a  good  grist  and  saw-mill,  a 
tolerable  good  wife,  if  I  could  only  make  a  fine 
lady  of  her ;  but  she  sticks  to  the  old  chest  of 
clothes  like  a  moth, — a  decent  house  over  my 
head ;  and  I  owe  no  man  a  shilling  except  Tom, 


165 

who  by  now  and  then  raising  a  little  grain, 
shooting  a  deer,  and  waiting  on  travellers,  has  in 
my  hands  enough  to  buy  his  freedom.  But  he  is 
free  already,  for  that  matter,  and  knows  he  can 
go  where  he  pleases." 

"  Pray,"  said  I,  "  did  you  ever  get  a  discount.'"' 
*'  A  discount, — what's  that  .^"  said  the  Dutchman. 
"  Did  you  ever  borrow  money  of  a  bank,  and 
mortgage  your  land  for  it.'"'  "  No,  no,"  said  he, 
"  I  wasn't  such  a  fool  as  that.  My  poor  neigh- 
bour, whose  house  you  see  over  the  river  yonder, 
with  the  windows  broke,  and  no  smoke  to  the 
chimney,  played  a  trick  of  that  kind ;  but  his 
farm  is  soon  to  be  sold  at  vendue,  and  I  think  of 
buying  it.  His  family  were  in  great  distress, 
though  we  helped  them  on  a  little  to  get  to  the 
back  country,  where,  I  hear,  they  are  doing  pretty 
well  again." 

I  will  not  trouble  you  with  the  moral  of  this 
story,  but  conclude  this  long  letter  by  bidding  you 
beware  of  discounts.     Good  night. 


LETTER  XXXV. 


DEAR  FRANK, 

The  tongue  touches  where  the  tooth  aches,  as 
the  saying  goes;  the  English  of  which  is,  that 
people  are  apt  to  talk  of  what  annoys  them  most 
at  the  moment.  Thus,  the  great  evil  under  which 
I  have  laboured  of  late  is  paper-money,  which, 
throughout  the  whole  of  our  country,  has  assumed 
so  many  different  shapes,  and  sustained  such  an 
infinite  variety  of  value  in  different  places,  that  a 
man  is  obliged  to  go  to  a  broker  to  get  shaved, 
as  the  phrase  is,  as  often  as  to  a  barber.  This  is 
the  true  signification  of  money  being  the  root  of 
all  evil.  The  frequent  recurrence  of  these  vexa- 
tious visits,  during  my  travels,  has  brought  my 
mind  to  think  seriously  on  this  subject,  and  the 
result  of  my  observations  and  reflections  is,  that 
the  present  paper-system  is  the  most  pernicious 
15* 


168 

to  the  real  prosperity,  morals,  and  independence 
of  this  country,  of  any  ever  devised  by  the  cupidi- 
ty of  man.  It  has  already  worked  the  most  dan- 
gerous inroads  on  ihe  virtuous  independence, 
which  was  not  long  since  the  lot  of  all;  and  if  suf- 
fered to  continue,  will  place  the  whole  community 
in  a  state  of  abject  dependence  on  banks. 

Power,  which  used  to  follow  land,  has  now  gone 
over  to  paper-money.  The  landholder  does  not 
feel  this  as  yet,  so  extensively  as  he  will  by  and 
by,  when  he  will  find  his  stinted  independence 
fade  away,  in  comparison  with  the  short-lived 
splendours  of  the  bank-dependent,  and  he  obliged 
to  enlist  in  the  honourable  band  of  bank-paupers. 
The  period  of  his  ruin  will  be  dated  from  his  first 
discount;  for  wherever  a  false  capital  is  created,  it 
will  in  time  swallow  up  the  real  one,  as  a  vacuum 
aUracts  and  absorbs  the  surrounding  air. 

The  other  evening  t  went  to  sleep,  with  these 
and  such  like  thoughts  in  my  head ;  and  as  peo- 
ple are  apt  to  dream  of  what  they  think  of  when 
awake,  I  was  possessed  with  the  following  curious 
vision. 

Methought  I  was  poring  over  a  bank-note,  which 
1  think  was  issued  from  a  place  called  "  Owl- 


169 

Creek,^''  and  happening  to  say  to  myself,  "  Where 
the  deuce  did  this  come  from  ?"  I  was  answered  in 
a  small  squeaking  voice  as  follows— at  first  I  could 
not  tell  where  it  came  from,  but  on  closer  exami- 
nation, I  discovered  a  motion  in  the  bill  of  the 
figure  of  an  owl,  with  which  the  note  was  deco- 
rated. 

"  I  am  the  offspring  of  a  bandana  handkerchief, 
that  was  once  worn  about  the  neck  of  a  learned 
East-Indian,  acquainted  with  all  the  arts  of  Eastern 
magic,  and  a  piece  of  Irish  linen,  whilom  part  of 
the  night-cap  of  an  old  Irish  witch.  This  accounts 
for  my  being  gifted  with  speech.  I  was  born  in 
a  paper-mill,  and  the  first  thing  I  recollect,  was 
being  nearly  squeezed  to  death  under  a  piece  of 
copper,  which  bruised  me  black  and  blue  all  over. 
Then  I  was  taken  to  the  bank,  and  underwent  a 
sort  of  transubstantiation,  under  the  magic  hands 
of  the  President  and  Cashier ;  for  from  a  rag,  I 
became  converted  into  solid  gold,  or  at  least  some- 
thing nearly  as  valuable. 

"  I  had  not  been  here  long,  before  I  was  count- 
ed out  to  a  young  man  who  carried  me  to  his 
master,   a  merchant,   who  lived  in  a  fine  house 
drove  a  splendid  equipage,  and  fared  sumptuously 


170 

every  day.  I  felicitated  myself  miglitily  that  I 
had  got  into  such  comfortable  quarters ;  but  soon 
discovered  all  was  not  right  with  my  new  master. 
As  he  carried  me  in  his  pocket,  I  had  an  opportu- 
nity of  watching  him  closely,  and  hearing  all  that 
he  said,  or  others  said  to  him.  I  learned,  that  he 
had  set  out  in  business  with  a  reasonable  capital, 
which  under  prudent  management  would  have  led 
him  to  a  comfortable  independency;  but  was  se- 
duced by  the  example  of  those  around  him,  and 
by  the  facility  of  getting  discounts,  into  borrowing 
money  of  the  banks,  and  trading  on  credit  to  a 
great  amount.  But  he  learned  too  late  that  the 
man  who  is  always  borrowing  and  paying  interest 
for  his  money,  is  working  for  his  creditor,  and  not 
for  himself.  At  the  time  I  saw  him  he  was  a 
wretched  dependent  on  the  caprice  of  banks,  to 
whom,  in  the  course  of  business,  he  had  paid  in 
discounts  what  would  have  been  to  him  an  im- 
mense fortune.  He  could  not  sleep  at  night ;  for 
the  sun  never  rose  that  did  not  see  him  in  debt 
for  more  than  he  could  pay.  Every  day  he  was 
obliged  to  run  round  to  all  his  acquaintance  to 
borrow  money  to  pay  his  notes ;  and  not  a  day 
passed  over  his  head,  that  he  could  tell  whether  he 


171 


would  not  be  openly  a  bankrupt  before  night ;  for 
all  depended  on  the  caprice  of  Bank  Directors. 
To  add  to  his  distresses,  his  wife  and  children, 
fancying  him  a  man  of  immense  riches,  indulged 
in  every  species  of  extravagance,  and  he  had  not 
the  courage  to  tell  them  a  few  months  would  pro- 
bably make  them  beggars.  In  fact,  I  had  not 
been  with  him  long,  before  the  banks,  either  from 
necessity  or  caprice,  drew  in  their  discounts  ;  my 
master  failed — the  banks  got  all  his  property — 
the  rest  of  his  creditors  got  nothing  ;  and  his  wife 
and  children  found  themselves  in  beggary,  with 
a  thousand  artificial  wants  to  pamper.  His  furni- 
ture was  seized  and  sold,  and  the  whole  family 
crept  into  a  small  house  in  the  suburbs.  This 
I  learned  afterward,  for  I  did  not  accompany  them, 
having  been  passed  away  to  a  shopkeeper,  by 
my  master's  lady,  the  day  before  he  failed,  in 
part  payment  for  a  cashmere  shawl  for  which  she 
gave  a  hundred  and  fifty  dollars. 

'•  My  new  master  was  a  brisk,  stirring  little  man, 
who  made  more  bows  than  a  dancingmaster,  but 
got  well  paid  for  them,  by  cheating  faster  than  he 
bowed.  He  always  sold  his  goods  at  first  cost, 
pledged  his  honour  to  every  thing,  true  or  false. 


172 

and  possessed  that  inveterate  habit  of  petty  rogue- 
ry, so  common  to  people  who  loved  no  other 
object  in  life  but  making  money.  Judging  from 
his  style  of  living  and  his  habits,  I  at  first  thought 
he  must  be  very  snug  and  comfortable  in  his  cir- 
cumstances, till  all  at  once  I  found  myself  in  a 
drawer  with  two  or  three  of  those  pleasant  invita- 
tions beginning  with,  '  Your  note  for  ^o  and  so, 
becomes  due,  &ic.'  Whenever  my  master  re- 
reived  any  of  these  mementos,  he  was  seized  with 
an  alarming  fit  of  the  fidgets,  and  there  was  a  ter- 
rible '  whipping  of  the  cat,'  as  it  is  called,  on  the 
days  the  notes  become  due.  This  whipping  the 
cat,  is  nothing  more  than  a  parcel  of  traders  puff- 
ing at  one  another's  heels,  of  a  morning,  to  bor- 
row money.  One  day  one  man  is  hunted  for  his 
money,  and  the  next,  when  his  own  note  becomes 
due,  he  hunts  his  neighbour,  so  that  their  funds 
are  a  common  borrowing  stock;  and  he  who 
hunts  as  Actaeon  one  day,  is  a  hunted  Actaeon  the 
next.  In  short,  having  one  day  an  accidental 
peep  at  my  master's  books,  I  discovered  that  he 
had  been  actually  insolvent  for  more  than  five 
years.  About  a  week  after  I  had  been  with  him, 
he  sent  me  to  a  certain  bank,  to  help  take  up  a 


173 

note  of  hand.  In  passing  through  the  Directors' 
room,  I  heard  it  decided  not  to  discount  any  more 
for  my  late  master  and  his  friends,  as  they  were 
no  longer  safe,  and  did  not  owe  any  thing  to  the 
hank.  So  a  few  days  after  I  heard  it  whispered, 
that  they  had  thrown  out  all  their  notes.  My  old 
master  broke  first;  he  fell  against  his  neighbour, 
and  like  a  row  of  bricks,  they  all  tumbled,  one 
after  the  other,  and  took  the  benefit  '  of  the  act.' 

"  Before  I  had  been  here  long,  I  was  taken  out 
of  the  bank  by  one  of  the  Directors,  each  of  whom 
had  a  regular  accommodation  of  fifty  thousand 
dollars  to  shave  notes  of  hand  with.  He  carried 
me  in  his  pocket  some  days,  by  which  means  I 
was  present  at  some  of  their  meetings  on  discount 
days,  where  I  saw  them  refuse  to  discount  notes, 
which  my  master  shaved  afterward  on  his  own 
account !  I  forgot  to  mention,  that  I  was  several 
nights  deposited  in  the  vaults  of  the  bank,  where, 
although  this  was  one  of  the  banks  that  paid 
specie,  I  give  you  my  word  there  was  not  specie 
enough  to  pay  a  check  of  five  thousand  dollars. 
I  saw  but  three  small  boxes  of  it,  which  was  all 
that  was  there  ;  for  being  an  owl,  I  could  distinct- 
ly see  though  it  was  dark.     The  way  they  ma- 


174 

naged  to  pay  specie  was  this  :  all  the  traders  were 
given  to  understand,  that  if  they  asked  for  the 
least  quantity  of  specie,  they  would  forfeit  all  claim 
to  future  favours  from  the  banks ;  and  such  was 
the  miserable  state  of  dependence  of  the  greater 
part  of  the  community,  that  not  one  out  of  a 
thousand  dared  incur  the  penalty.  This  was  call- 
ed resuming  the  payment  of  specie  !  1  could  tell 
you  a  great  many  tricks  of  these  gentry,  but  it  is 
not  my  interest  to  do  it,  since  by  injuring  them  I 
lose  my  own  consequence  in  society,  and  am  re- 
duced to  rags  again. 

"  In  process  of  time,  my  master,  the  Bank  Di- 
rector, who' was  in  the  same  state  of  abject  de- 
pendence on  banks,  with  my  former  ones,  passed 
me  away  to  a  shoemaker,  in  payment  of  a  bill  of 
two  years  standing.  I  was  in  hopes  I  had  now  got 
into  the  hands  of  an  independent  man,  until  I  saw 
two  or  three  bank  notices,  stuck  up  with  an  awl 
over  his  desk,  to  remind  the  honest  man  he 
owed  more  than  he  could  pay,  and  thus  encou- 
rage and  quicken  his  industry,  I  suppose.  I  could 
not  help  wondering  what  could  make  this  man 
such  a  fool,  as  to  suppose  he  could  grow  rich  by 
paying  interest  to  other  people,  seeing  that  the 


173 

rate  of  interest  is  always  considered  the  value  of 
money,  and  what  money  will  make,  when  appHed 
to  any  certain  and  regular  mode  of  business.  I 
found  it  was  the  force  of  example,  and  that  he 
did  this  because  all  his  neighbours  did  the  same. 
The  example  of  every  body  is  better  than  all  the 
argument  in  the  world  ;  and  the  thing  appeared  to 
be  perfectly  natural.  My  worthy  masterj  for  such 
he  was  in  fact,  worked  hard  for  the  banks,  and 
made  his  very  lap-stone  sweat  to  pay  his  discounts ; 
but  tempted  at  last,  by  the  facility  of  raising  mo- 
ney, he  made  a  bad  speculation  in  hides,  and  went 
the  way  of  all  flesh  novv-a-days.  Before  he  be- 
came openly  bankrupt,  he  made  overall  his  actual 
property  to  secure  his  endorser,  that  being  a  debt 
of  honour;  the  endorser  paid  it  over  to  the  bank 
— the  bank  got  paid — and  the  rest  of  the  cre- 
ditors whistled  for  their  money.  My  master  went 
into  the  country  to  take  the  air,  and  keep  out  of 
the  way  of  his  creditors ;  and  in  the  course  of  his 
travels  passed  me  away  to  a  tavernkeeper,  in  a 
small  town,  where  there  were  two  banks;  the 
town  w^as  a  place  of  considerable  consequence, 
being  on  the  banks  of  a  river  which  was  almost 
Vol.  II.  16 


176 

navigable  for  batteaux,  and  carried  on  a  great  trade 
in  lime,  coal,  shingles,  and  brick-making. 

"My  master,  the  landlord,  was  a* Director  of 
one  of  these  banks,  and  carried  me  to  a  meeting  of 
the  Directors,  where,  though  an  owl,  I  laughed  till 
my  feathers  almost  fell  out,  to  see  what  a  set  of 
raggamuffins  had  got  together.  There  were  four 
tavernkeepers,  three  small  shopkeepers,  a  brick- 
maker,  a  splitter  of  shingles,  a  speculator,  and  two 
non-descripts,  whose  calling  I  could  not  make  out. 
Not  one  of  these  had  a  decent  coat  to  his  back, 
except  the  President,  who  was  a  man  of  good 
landed  estate,  which  he  was  silly  enough  to  jeo- 
pardize in  this  way.  For  though  the  bank  pro- 
mised to  pay  every  body  out  of  "  the  joint  funds,^^ 
I  could  never  find  out  what  or  where  these  were ; 
and  it  is  pretty  certain,  that  when  the  time  of  re-  ^ 
deeming  these  debts  shall  come,  the  creditors  will 
apply  to  the  person  among  these  Directors  \yho 
has  most  property,  and  levy  the  debt  or>  him. 
As  to  the  ridiculous  idea  that  only  the  "joint 
funds"  of  these  unchartered  institutions  are  liable 
for  their  debts,  it  is  just  as  preposterous,  as  to 
suppose  that  a  man  can  get  rid  of  his  debts  by 


177 

advertising,    before  he  contracts  them,  that   he 
could  only  pay  to  a  certain  amount. 

"  These  two  banks  made  the  village  flourish  to 
the  eye  ;  but  this  prosperity  was  only  the  bloom 
on  the  cheek  of  consumption.  Great  houses  rose 
up  in  various  parts,  but  they  were  all  mortgaged 
to  the  banks,  who  lent  the  money,  thus  getting 
real  property  for  rags  of  their  own  making.  No 
man  lived  in  his  own  house, — all  belonged  to  the 
banks,  who  could  at  any  time  turn  the  village  out 
of  doors.  Every  thing  was  done  on  credit,  for 
the  village  having  few  natural  advantages,  de- 
pended for  its  summer  of  apparent  prosperity  on 
the  discounts  of  the  banks.  The  shopkeeper 
traded,  the  tavernkeeper  carried  on  his  business, 
the  brickmaker  made  bricks,  and  the  shingle- 
splitter,  split  his  shingles, — with  bank  notes  which 
he  borrowed.  The  one  endorsed  the  notes  of 
the  other;  and  if  one  failed,  they  all  ran  away 
together;  for  this  is  one  of  the  great  advantages 
of  having  nothing  of  one's  own — a  man  can  run 
away  at  a  moment's  warning. 

"  It  was  singular  to  see  what  strange  notions 
these  people  had  ^acquired  with  regard  to  the 
claims  they  had  on  the  banks  for  money,  when- 


178 

ever  they  wanted  it.  It  often  happened,  that  either 
from  necessity,  caprice,  or  a  desire  to  foreclose  cer- 
tain mortgages,  the  banks  drew  in  their  discounts, 
and  then  there  was  such  an  outcry  against  the  cru- 
elty and  injustice  of  the  banks,  as  never  was  heard, 
because  Mr.  Such-a-one  was  obliged  to  stop  build- 
ing a  fine  house  for  the  embellishment  of  the  town. 
Another  could  not  go  on  with  his  tavern, — a  third 
was  obliged  to  stop  digging  his  cellar, — a  fourth  was 
obliged  to  stop  burning  bricks, — and,  in  short, 
the  \^hole  world  of.  the  village  stood  stock  still, 
except  several  prosperous  gentlemen,  who'  found 
it  convenient  to  run  away  on  the  occasion.  No- 
body ever  thought  of  working  in  this  happy  vil- 
lage, because  it  was  so  much  easier  to  borrow 
of  the  banks,  than  to  earn  money  by  honest  in- 
dustry. In  some  way  or  other,  almost  every  man 
in  the  village  was  connected  with  a  bank  Director, 
who  helped  him  with  a  discount;  and  those  who 
were  not  so  fortunate,  descended  to  all  the  arts 
of  dirty  subserviency,  and  became  the  tools  of  the 
mighty  man,  in  order  to  get  a  discount.  Every 
one,  of  course,  became  a  speculator  in  something, 
— for  the  profits  of  a  regular  trade  not  being 
sufficient  to  pay  the   creditor  his   interest,   and 


179 

support  the  debtor  at  the  same. time,  he  must 
resort  to  some  extraordinary  means  to  make  mo- 
ney, and  these  means  are  generally  wild  specula- 
tions that  end  in  ruin.  But  for  all  this,  every 
body  insisted  on  it  that  the  village  was  flourishing 
beyond  all  example,  and  that  banks  were  great 
blessings. 

"  My  master,  the  tavernkeeper,  finding  that 
owing  to  some  new  turn  of  the  balande  of  trade — 
which  1  don't  profess  to  understand,  but  which 
seems  to  account  for  ev^y  thing  in  this  world — 
finding,  I  say,  that  I  was  beginning  to  depreciate 
on  his  hands,  passed  me  away  to  a  worthy  farmer 
of  the  neighbourhood.  Here  I  thought,  to  be 
sure,  I  should  find  independence ;  but  alas !  my 
poor  master  too  was  on  the  high  road  to  the  transfer 
of  his  land  jn  exchange  for  paper-money.  The 
brick-making  Bank  Director  had,  it  seems,  the 
summer  before,  rode  over  to  see  him,  and  per- 
suaded him  to  enter  into  partnership  with  him  in 
the  brick-making  business.'  "  I  have  no  ready 
money  to  spare,"  said  the  farmer.  The  brick- 
maker  soon  let  him  into  the  secret  of  getting  it, 
and  assured  him  he  could  do  it  without  being  a 
dollar  out  of  pocket.  Allured  by  these  golden 
H  .    16* 


180 

prospects,  ibe  farmer  endorsed  a  note  drawn  by  the 
brickniaker :  they  got  the  paper-inoney,  and  set 
to  work.  But  somehow  or  other,  the  farmer  had 
received  nothing  yet,  but  was  every  now  and  then 
obliged  to  endorse  another  note,  for,  according 
to  the  old  saying,  "  in  for  a  penny,  in  for  a  pound." 
The  catastrophe  of  all  this  is  very  obvious.  A 
little  while  after  I  came  into  the  poor  farmer.'s 
possession,  he  got  to  the  length  of  his  tether. 
The  bank  would  discount  no  more, — the  notes 
lay  over, — the  brickmaker  ran  away, — the  farm 
was  sold  for  just  enough  to  pay  the  bank, — was 
bought  in,  by  a  director,  for  the  bank, — and  the 
honest  farmer  was  a  beggar.  In  fact,  every  thing 
I  saw  here  convinced  me,  that  the  extent  to 
which  the  wretched  system  of  banking  is  nowr 
carried,  is  an  ingenious  contrivance  to  ruin  people 
of  real  property, — to  impoverish  honest  inde- 
pendence, by  rendering  it  the  victim  of  these 
splendid  paupers,  who  invent  an  imaginary  cur- 
rency, create  an  empty  ghost  of  money,  which,  by 
playing  on  the  avarice  or  blind  folly  of  men  of 
real  property,  swallows  them  up,  and  transfers, 
by  a  Sort  of  legerdemain,  the  wealth  of  the  inde- 
pendent man,  to  the  pockets  of  the  pauper.     It 


181 


behooves  the  landed  interest  to  be  on  the  watch 
against  these  tempters,  who  persuade  men  to  ex- 
change their  property  for  rags,  or,  ere  long,  they 
will  be  in  the  situation  of  the  landholders  of 
England,  who  are  swallowed  up  by  the  paper 
system. 

"  The  holders  of  land  generally,  are  pprsuaded 
that  they  are  great  gainers  by  the  enormous  plenty 
of  paper-money,  which  raises  the  nominal  price  of 
their  produce ;  and  the  merchants  are  fully  as- 
sured that  these  banks  are  essential  to  their  ex- 
istence. But  they  are  assuredly  mistaken,  since 
every  thing  the  farmer  buys  is  raised  in  more  than 
an  equal  proportion  with  every  thing  he  sells.  I 
have  happened  to  hear  it  argued  that  this  is  no- 
-  thing  to  the  purpose,  because  the  farmer  sells 
more  than  he  buys.  True,  but  the  trader  is  no 
fool,  and  will  put  an  advance  on  the  little  the 
farmer  buys  of  him,  that  will  indemnify  him  for 
the  high  price  he  is  obliged  to  give  for  the  pro- 
duce of  the  farmer,  which  he  consumes.  So  long 
therefore  as  the  farmer  buys  any  thing,  he  in 
effect  gains  nothing  by  the  high  price  of  his  pro- 
duce, since  he  only  receives  it  in  one  band  to  pay 
it  out  with  the  other. 


182 

"  The  merchants,  it  is  true,  have,  a  vast  many 
of  them,  been  living  of  late  years  by  bank  accom- 
modations. But  there  is  a  reaction  in  every 
thing,  and  there  is  great  danger  of  their  soon 
dying  by  them.  Nothing  indeed  is  more  certain 
than  tliat.  the  prodigious  and  disproportionate 
nominal,  capital  now  afloat  in  this  country,  will, 
ere  long,  destroy  our  export  trade  in  a  great  mea- 
sure, by  enhancing  the  price  of  articles  of  export. 
Every  thing  is  now  so  high  here  that  it  cannot *be 
sent  to  other  countries  without  loss,  as  it  is  dearer 
here  than  any  where  else.  Thus  we  shall  see,  if 
1  am  not  mistaken,  that  the  flour  about  to  be 
shipped  to  England,  eyen  "during  the  present 
great  apprehended  scarcity,  will  not  sell  for 
enough  to  cover  the  cost  and  expenses,  and  that 
many  of  the  adventurers  will  be  ruined.  We  see 
too  that  articles  which  we  used  to  export  are  now 
imported  from  other  countries ;  and  this  import- 
ation will  increase  in  proportion  as  the  phenome- 
Don  of  our  prices  becomes  known  abroad.  While 
potatoes  are  a  dollar  a  bushel — flour  fourteen  or 
fifteen  dollars  a  barrel — pork  two  or  three  and 
twenty — and  butter  half  a  dollar  a  pound,  we 
shall  soon  have  potatoes,  butter,  and  beef  from 


183 

Ireland,  and  flour  from  the  Black  Sea.  It  is  this 
factitious,  high  nominal  price  of  every  article  that 
is  one  great  cause  of  our  ships  rotting  at  the 
wharves  in  such  numbers,  as  their  owners  cannot 
give  the  present  price  of  articles  of  export,  and 
ship  them  to  any  foreign  port  without  a  certainty 
of  loss.  People  lay  the  whole  of  this  to  the  loss 
of  the  carrying  trade,  &c.  but  much  of  it  is  owing 
to  the  cause  I  have  stated. 

"  But  to  resume  my  narrative.  In  the  division 
of  the  poor  farmer's  spoils,  I  fell  into  the  hands 
of  a  president  of  one  of  the  most  curious  banking 
institutions  I  ever  heard  of,  except  one  which  I 
shall  mention  anon.  It  was  solely  and  exclusi\tely 
under  the  control  of  this  person,  who  formed  by 
a  certain  fiction  of  law  an  incorporated  com- 
pany within  himself.  He  was  a  man  whose  notes 
of  hand  would  not  have  been  taken  for  a  bunch 
of  radishes,  and  his  character  for  roguery  and 
tricking  was  so  notorious,  that  no  man  made  a 
bargain  with  him  but  with  fear  and  trembling. 
People  of  liberal  notions  called  him  a  cunning 
fellow;  but  those  who  had  stricter  ideas  of  moral- 
ity and  honesty  called  him  an  arrant  knave.  His 
credit,  in  fact,  was  not  worth  a  rush,  yet  his  bank- 


'  184 

notes  passed  current  all  over  the  place  and  the 
adjacent  country,  although  nobody  knew  that  the 
man  was  worth  a  shilling,  or  that  his  bank  wzis  in 
possession  of  any  funds  to  redeem  them.  Such 
was  the  blind  folly  and  stupidity  of  the  public, 
and  so  loose  had  become  their  notions  on  the 
subject  of  a  circulating  medium,  that  this  man 
was  enabled  to  pass  away  several  hundred  thou- 
sand of  these  worthless  notes,  on  which  he  ob- 
tamed  an  interest  of  seven  per  cent,,  without 
either  possessing  or  employing  any  real  capital 
whatever !  The  various  arts  by  which  he  kept 
this  business  going,  were  altogether  singular  and 
original  in  their  way.  By  certain  arrangements 
with  certain  other  banks,  he  made  it  their  interest 
to  take  his  notes  in  exchange  for  theirs,  so  that 
when  any  of  the  holders  of  his  notes  came  to 
demand  payment,  he  could  always  give  them 
other  notes  in  exchange,  with  which  the  poor 
simpletons  went  away  perfectly  contented,  and 
ever  afterward  placed  full  confidence  in  his 
paper.  To  gain  credit  for  his  bank-notes  at  a 
distance,  he  would  send  an  agent  to  some  city  to 
the  south,  who  advertised  to  buy  them  up -for 
specie,  that  is  to  say,  before  any  of  them  were  in 


185 

circulation  at  this  particular  place.  Having  thus 
prepared  the  way,  he  passed  ofF  his  notes  without 
difficulty  in  the  purchase  of  produce.  In  a  little 
time,  however,  the  market  would  be  overstocked 
with  his  paper ;  the  agent  who  paid  specie  for  ^is 
notes  when  there  were  none  to  redeem,  had  gone 
off  with  his  purchases,  and  then  they  fell  below 
par.  Another  agent  was  then  employed  in  buying 
them  up  at  a  discount  of  ten  or  twelve  per  cent., 
which,  of  course,  was  a  clear  gain  to  this  worthy 
gentleman.  When  he  first  set  up  in  this  profit- 
able business,  he  issued  notes  payable  in  cash — 
six  months  after  date — but  the  word  "  CASH" 
was  put  in  large  flaring  capitals,  while  the  "  six 
months  after  date"  were  in  letters  so  small  as-to 
be  almost  illegible.  By  these  and  similar  arts  of 
swindling,  he  managed  to  gain  from  ten  to  fifteen 
thousand  dollars  a  year  out  of  nothing.  In  any 
other  age,  but  this  exceedingly  liberal  one,  such  a 
system  of  swindling  would  have  ensured  to  a  man 
the  contempt  of  his  fellow-creatures,  and  created 
a  solitude  around  him.  But  my  master,  the 
incorporated  President,  continued  to  keep  his 
station  ;  men  who  maintained  reputable  charac- 
ters in  society  took  him  by  the  hand,  v/hen  they 


186 

met,  and  he  was  often  seen  in  the  streets,  talking 
to  people  who  were  neither  highwaymen  nor 
swindlers  !  Such  was  the  liberality  of  the  people 
where  this  honest  gentleman  grew  and  flourished  ! 
•* '  Birds  of  a  feather  flock  together' — and  my 
master,  the  President  and  Corporation  in  one 
person,  happened  to  have  some  dealings,  the 
exact  nature  of  which  I  could  never  fathom,  with 

a  person  from  the  city  of  B ,  into  whose 

hands  I  passed.  He  was  going  on  a  tour  to  the 
south,  &nd  thought  he  could  pass  me  away  to  ad- 
Tantage.  He  was  the  President  of  a  Manufactur- 
ing and  Banking  Company  at  B ,  the  na- 
ture and  character  of  which  I  will  fully  explain. 
The  company  had  been  incorporated  by  an  act  of 
the  legislature,  as  a  manufacturing  institution. 
By  way  of  creating  funds  to  begin  business  with, 
and  of  which  they  were  in  exceeding  great  want, 
the  first  thing  they  did  was  to  employ  Messrs. 
Murray,  Draper  &;  Co.  without  whose  assistance 
no  banking  company  can  get  along,  to  prepare 
them  a  pretty  copper-plate,  that  would  engrave  a 
pretty  picture.  With  this  they  struck  a  large  num- 
ber of  notes,  with  "  CHARTERED  BY  THE 
STATE,"  in  great  capitals  at  the  top,  to  gull  the 


387 

people.  After  issuing  about  lifteen  thousand  dol- 
lars of  these,  and  purchasing  machinery — (the 
people  will  take  any  trash  for  money  now-a-days) 
— it  was  agreed  at  a  meeting  of  the  Directors,  that 
the  President,  being  the  most  honest  looking  man 
of  the  set,  should  be  sent  on  an  expedition  to  the 
south,  to  buy  cotton  for  the  manufactory.  Ac- 
cordingly he  set  forth,  with  his  saddlebags  filled 
with  quires  of  blank  notes,  which  he  was  to  sign 
as  occasion  required.  In  passing  through  a  cer- 
tain great  city,  with  fourteen  banks  to  its  back,  he 
was  taken  up  as  a  swindler,  and  tried  for  passing  a 
fifty  dollar  note  of  this  precious  Manufacturing 
Company.  In  the  course  of  the  trial  the  follow- 
ing facts  came  out,  on  the  confession  of  certain 
Directors  of  this  company,  whom  the  worthy  Pre- 
sident summoned  as  witnesses  in  his  behalf. 

"  The  Judge  had  great  difficulty  in  coming  at 
them,  for  it  seems  each  of  these  worthy  gentlemen 
had  been  sworn  to  secrecy.  '  Honour  among 
thieves,'  you  know,  is  a  sacred  maxim  ;  however, 
the  Judge  at  last  unlocked  the  '  secrets  of  their 
prison-house,'  by  threatening  to  commit  them  for 
contempt  of  court,  if  they  did  not  answer.  Theii' 
scruples  of  conscience  being  thus    overcome,  it 

Vol.  II.  17 


188 

came  out  that  the  company  never  bad  any  funds 
whatever,  to  answer  their  issues  of  bank-notes. 
The  capital  was  composed  as  follows  :  First,  ma- 
chinery, he.  purchased  with  these  notes.  Second- 
ly, notes  of  hand  of  the  workmen  employed  by 
them,  who  were  permitted  to  subscribe  for  a  cer- 
tain amount  of  the  stock  of  the  company,  and 
work  it  out  afterward.  Thirdly,  eight  dollars 
and  sixty-two  and  a  half  cents  placed  in  one  of 
the  banks — to  swear  by !  This  certainly  was  the 
perfection  of  the  banking  system  of  the  present  ' 
day  :  and  I  think  might  have  furnished  my  friend 
and  old  master,  the  incorporated  President,  with  i 
some  useful  hints  for  the  improvement  of  his 
paper- manufactory.  Tiie  old  system  of  banking 
was  to  pay  the  capital  first,  and  then  to  issue  notes ; 
the  present  is  to  issue  notes,  and  pay  up  subscrip- 
tions with  them,  which  is  certainly  a  great  improve- 
ment, since,  by  this  means,  beggars  can  get  on 
horse-back,  and  ride  to  the  d — 1,  if  they  please. 
I  don't  know  but  what  this  will  do  well  enough, 
till  payday  comes,  and  a  hundred  and  fifty  or  two 
hundred  millions  of  paper  dollars  are  to  be  re- 
deemed with  silver.  When  that  doleful  period 
comes,  and  come  it  will,  if  the  public  confidence 


189 

in  paper-money  is  thus  every  day  weakened,  by 
the  creation  of  new  banks,  authorized  and  unau- 
thorized— some  of  these  banking  institutions  will 
dissolve,  and  fade  away,  and  nobody  will  know 
where  to  go  and  get  the  money  for  their  notes.* 
Others  will  be  sued  for  every  five-dollar  bill  j  the 
lawyers  will  have  plenty  of  business,  and  no  fees, 
except  in  paper-money ;  and  instead  of  getting 
the  money  for  a  bill  by  asking  for  it  in  the  good 
old  way,  we  shall  be  obliged  to  go  to  law  with  a 
shadow,  and  purchase  the  assistance  of  those  re- 
doubtable fellows,  John  Doe  and  Richard  Roe, 
who  always  make  people  pay  dearly  for  their 
alliance. 

"  The  issue  of  the  trial  was  such  as  might  be 
expected,  in  a  district  where  fourteen  banks  and 
three  corporations  were  hard  at  work  making  pa- 
per-mone3%  It  was  dangerous  to  establish  the 
precedent,  that  people  who  issued  bank-notes 
without  funds  to  redeem  them,  were  swindlers; 

'  This  has  lately  happened  in  the  instance  of  a  bank  in  the  western 
part  of  this  State,  which  lately  failed  for  upwards  of  a  hundred  and 
nfty  thousand  dollars,  without  possessing  funds  to  pay  a  tenth  part  of 
ihe  amount.  AMiat  a  hopeful  system  of  swindling  by  wholesale !  No 
ivonder  people  leave  their  honest  callings  to  become  manufacturers  of 
ijank-ootes. 


190 

and  so  the  worthy  President  was  acquitted.  His 
well-stored  saddlebags  were  restored,  and  he  set 
forth,  reassured  and  gay,  to  take  in  the  flats  of  the 
south  with  his  bank-notes,  '  chartered  by  the 
State.^  If  the  jury  was  warranted  in  the  acquittal 
of  this  man,  it  would  seem  to  imply,  that  there  is 
no  law  either  to  prevent  or  punish  such  infamous 
impositions  on  the  pubhc  credulity.  It  seems 
equally  to  follow,  that  it  is  high  time  for  the  legis- 
latures to  do  their  duty  ;  and  by  passing  a  statute 
for  that  purpose,  redeem  themselves  from  a  suspi- 
cion by  no  means  uncommon,  that  some  of  them 
at  least  have  more  than  once  sold  their  con- 
sciences, and  sacrificed  the  public  interests,  to 
become  accomplices  in  the  roguery  and  gains  of 
these  swindlers  of  the  nation.  Though  legislators, 
as  we  all  know,  are  much  above  common  men — 
ihough  they  are,  as  we  all  know,  exempt  from  the 
usual  frailties  of  our — I  mean  human  nature ; 
and  elevated  far  above  the  temptations  of  self-in- 
terest ;  still  there  is  too  much  reason  to  suspect, 
that  the  bonus  usually  given  on  these  occasions  for 
public  purposes,  was  not  the  only  bribe  offered 
and  received  on  these  occasions.  However  this 
may  be,  certain  it  is,  that  either  by  their  folly,  or 


191 


knavery,  their  blindness  or  participation,  a  paper 
aristocracy  has  sprung  up  among  the  people,  op- 
pressive in  the  highest  degree,  and  equally  dan- 
gerous to  their  freedom  as  their  morals.  Not 
only  in  the  cities,  but  in  the  country  south  of 
Connecticut  River,  are  people  losing  their  habits 
of  industry,  to  become  dependents  on  banks,  and 
speculators  in  something  or  other;  but  what  is 
perhaps  still  worse,  men  are  daily  more  and  more 
acquiring  a  habit  of  extravagance,  supported  by 
borrowing  of  the  banks,  and  not  by  the  regular 
profits  of  their  estates,  or  their  business.  That 
this  will  end  in  a  system  of  bankruptcy,  more  ex- 
tensive than  any  ever  yet  known,  is  sufficiently  ap- 
parent. It  will  not  be  long  ere  the  paper  system 
will  fall  in  Great  Britain,  never  to  rise  again  ;  and 
we  who  gained  our  confidence  in  it  by  witnessing 
her  rise,  will  lose  it  in  beholding  her  fall.  The 
time  is  not  far  distant  when  the  landholder,  and 
the  possessor  of  real  estate,  will  resume  their  pro- 
per station  and  influence  in  society,  and  no  longer 
shrink  into  comparative  insignificance  before  the 
momentary  magnificence  of  some  upstart,  unreal 
pageant." 

17  * 


192 

J  low  long  the  sage  and  learned  owl  would  have 
gone  on  with  his  reflections  I  know  not ;  for  in 
rummaging  my  pocket  for  a  pencil  to  note  down 
some  of  his  remarks,  which  I  thought  rather  apt,  I 
happened  to  bring  out  a  half-eagle,  which  1  had 
preserved  as  a  last  refuge  against  poverty.  Sir 
Owl  was  nearly  frightened  out  of  his  wits  at  this 
unexpected  apparition,  and  began  to  whoop  and 
flap  his  wings  at  such  a  rate,  that  I  awoke  with 
the  terrible  screeching  he  made,  as  he  fie w  up 
the  chimnev.    Adieu. 


LETTER  XXXVII. 


DEAR  FRANK, 

Inquiring  at  the  post-office  here,  I  got  your 
letter,  which  I  honestly  confess,  made  me  laugh 
like  a  whole  swarm  of  flies.  Remembering  what 
a  hero  you  have  always  been  at  tea-parties,  it 
diverted  me  out  of  measure  to  hear  your  com- 
plaints at  being  cut  out  by  the  little  captain  in  the 
red  coat,  if  coat  it  may  be  called,  being,  accord- 
ing to  your  description,  destitute  of  skirts.  This 
is  the  first  time,  it  seems,  the  truth  has  been 
brought  home  to  you,  that  the  people  of  this 
country,  and  especially  the  genteeler  sort,  and 
most  especially  the  fashionable  belles,  are  still  in 
a  colonial  state,  and  cherish  pretty  much  the  same 
notions  as  did  their  beautiful  grandmothers,  who 
figured  at  the  little  courts  of  the  little  governors 
of  the  little  North  American  colonies. 


194 

The  good  city  ladies  who  were  belles  some 
forty  years  ago,  instill  into  the  minds  of  their 
aspiring  granddaughters  the  most  romantic  ideas 
respecting  the  beaux,  who  figured  in  regimentals, 
about  his  excellency  the  governor's  drawing-room ; 
and  who,  they  insist  upon  it,  were  a  different  race 
of  beings  from  those  of  the  present  day.  It  is  to 
be  observed,  that  ladies  who  have  once  been 
belles,  ascribe  the  changes  which  take  place  in 
their  own  powers  of  attraction,  to  other  people ; 
and  attribute  the  absence  of  those  attentions 
paid  them  when  they  were  young  and  beautiful, 
to  a  change  in  the  nature  of  man,  instead  of  the 
loss  of  their  youthful  attractions. 

Hence  it  is  that  you  hear  them  dwelling  with 
such  complacency  upon  the  parties  given  at  the 
government-house,  before  the  war, — of  the  po- 
liteness of  his  excellency.  Sir  what-d'ye-call-um, 
— the  polished  manners  of  the  Honourable  Major 
this,  and  the  chivalrous  gallantry  of  Lord  that. — 
Think  of  that,  Frank, — a  lord !  I  once  met  one 
of  these  ladies,  who  preserved,  as  relicks,  a  pair 
of  gloves,  which  she  wore  in  dancing  a  minuet 
with  Lord  Dunmore,  the  revolutionary  Cockburn. 
When,  in  addition  to  this  influence,  it  is  considea- 


195 

ed,  that  the  perceptions  of  the  young  misses 
are  inflated  with  the  habitual  perusal  of  novels, 
the  heroes  of  which  are  all  foreigners,  and,  of 
course,  gifted  with  superhuman  excellence,  it  is 
no  such  mighty  matter  of  wonder,  that  you,  and 
your  honest  city  beaux,  should  fare  so  ill,  when 
unexpectedly  brought  into  competition  with  a 
little  red  coat  without  any  skirts;  or  that  the 
young  ladies  should  all  run  to  the  windows,  when 
it  passes,  like  the  little  white-headed  urchins  of 
the  woods,  when  they  hear  the  rattling  of  a  car- 
riage. 

Still  less  is  it  to  be  wondered  at,  that  so  many 
of  them  have  such  an  invincible  propensity  to 
become  strollers  about  the  European  world ;  or 
that,  in  their  insatiate  desires  to  figure  abroad, 
they  often  become  victims  to  their  own  vanity, 
and  many  swindlers  or  adventux'ers,  under  the 
temptation  of  being  carried  to  Europe.  Many  of 
these  have  fallen  under  my  observation,  who  thus 
chose  to  themselves  a  lot  of  misery,  and  were 
either  deserted  when  their  fortunes  were  spent  in 
profligate  revelry,  or  condemned  to  drag  out  their 
existence  in  the  societv  of  worthlessness  and  vice. 


196 

You  did  not  know  Maria  D ,  I  think;  but  I 

did :  and  fairer  prospects  never  dawned  on  the 
sunny  eye  of  youth,  beauty,  and  intelligence,  than 
seemed  to  be  hers.  Rut,  unfortunately,  her  mam- 
ma had  once  been  in  England  ;  and,  as  ill  luck 
would  have  it  for  poor  Maria,  had  danced  in  the 
same  room,  nay,  I  believe,  in  the  same  set  with 
the  Prince  of  Wales.  Of  course  she  could  never 
talk  or  think  of  any  thing  else  all  her  life  after- 
ward. It  was  shrewdly  suspected  that  she  put 
her  husband  to  a  lingering  death  with  this  story  ; 
and  it  is  pretty  certain  that  it  caused  all  the 
misfortunes  of  my  little  associate,  on  whom  na- 
ture had  showered  all  the  blossoms  of  spring,  and 
who  promised  a  rich  product  of  delightful  fruits 
in  summer  and  autumn.  But  this  unlucky  dance 
spoiled  all.  The  mother  told  the  story  morning, 
noon,  and  night,  and  danced  that  fatal  dance 
over  and  over  again,  to  the  same  tune,  until  the 
young  lady  could  think,  and  talk,  and  dream, 
of  nothing  but  figuring  at  court,  and  dancing 
with  princes  and  lords,  whom  she  fancied  some- 
thing or  other,  she  knew  not  what,  but  far  above 
any  thing  on  this  side  the  water. 


197 

The  mother  never  heard  of  a  I'oreigner  being 
in  town  that  she  did  not  get  the  fidgets,  until  he 
was  brought  and  introduced  to  the  daughter, 
who  soon,  in  her  anxiety  to  go  abroad,  actually 
paid  such  broad  attentions  to  these  exotics,  that 
instead  of  being  alluring  to  the  worthy  among 
them,  she  became  offensive.  Unfortunately, 
though  she  had  not  fortune  to  tempt  the  ava- 
ricious, she  possessed  sufficient  beauty  to  at- 
tract the  voluptuary.  One  of  these  wandering 
creatures,  who  stroll  about  the  world  to  cheat  the 
rich,  and  betray  the  inexperienced  ;  who  come 
to  our  country  no  one  knows  whence,  and  live  no 
one  knows  how ;  and  who  gain  a  footing  in  our 
social  circles  by  means  of  this  pernicious  leaning 
towards  strangers, — chanced  to  come  prowling 
that  way,  and  was,  as  usual,  brought  to  the  house 
of  the  good  lady  who  once  had  had  the  honour 
of  dancing  in  the  same  set  with  the  Prince. 

Repassed  for  a  man  of  rank, —  talked  of  his 
noble  relations, — of  going  back  to  England, — of 
the  delights  of  courts,  watering-places,  and,  in 
short,  played  off  all  that  light  artillery  before 
which  the  ill-fortified  citadel  of  woman's  heart 
■^0  often  yields.     The    good  lady  mother  talked 


198 

with  the  man  ef  rank  about  certain  lords  whose 
names  she  had  heard  in  England,  and  who  were 
all  his  inlimale  acquaintances.  He  described 
them  at  a  hazard,  or  rather  at  no  hazard,  for 
he  soon  discovered  my  lady  knew  as  little  as 
himself  about  them.  In  short,  to  make  an  end 
of  a  long  story, — the  old  lady  fidgeted, — the 
young  one  played  off  the  fine  lady, — till,  at  last, 
with  great  apparent  circumspection,  the  illustrious 
foreigner  asked  her  hand  in  preference  to  running 
away  with  her,  because  she  had  a  few  thousand 
dollars  portion.  The  catastrophe  rapidly  took 
place.  As  soon  as  he  had  got  possession  of  the 
money,  and  was  tired  of  his  bride,  he  ran  away, 
no  one  knew  where.  Poor  Maria  never  was  pre- 
sented at  court ;  but  pines  away,  in  the  most 
heart-sickening  widowhood — a  deserted  wife  :  and 
the  poor  mother  has  never  since  told  the  story  of 
dancing  in  the  same  set  with  the  Prince. 

But  admitting  our  young  belles  marry  foreigners 
of  the  same  rank  with  themselves,  they  v/ill 
find,  when  they  go  abroad,  that  from  being  in 
the  first  society  here,  a  society  as  essentially  re- 
fined as  the  best  in  Europe,  they  sink  into  one  far 
below  it  in  every  respect ;  and  instead  of  becom- 


199 

ing  the  belles  of  a  new  and  brighter  sphere,  settle 
into  the  circle  of  illiterate  and  ill  bred  tallow- 
chandlers,  and  drysalters,  well  to  do  in  the  world, 
who  go  once  a  year  in  a  buggy  to  Bath  or 
Brighton.  This  happened  to  a  sprightly  friend 
of  ours  you  know,  who  married  a  merchant  of 
Birmingham,  or  Liverpool,  I  forget  which ;  who 
was,  to  use  a  mercantile  phrase,  first  chop  in  our 
city.  She  went  to  England,  expecting  to  be  first 
chop  there  too;  for  she  had  yet  to  learn,  that 
there" are  abroad  factitious  distinctions  in  society, 
distinct  from  either  riches,  learning,  refinement, 
or  morals;  and  that  the  manners  of  people  of  the 
same  grade  materially  differ  on  either  side  of  the 
Atlantic.  She  persuaded  her  husband  to  settle  in 
this  country ;  and  now,  when  asked  about  England, 
answers,  like  Cffisar,  "  It  is  better  to  be  somebody 
even  at  home,  than  nobody  abroad." 

But  I  don't  mean  to  confine  this  ridiculous  su- 
perstition in  favour  of  foreigners,  exclusively  to  the 
ladies ;  and  only  mention  them  first  out  of  polite- 
ness. The  truth  is  that  our  men,  young  and  old, 
on  the  seaboard,  and  in  those  places  where  formerly 
the  colonial  governors  held  their  courts,  are  pretty 
much  in  the  same  abject  state  of  mental  depend- 

VOL.  II.  IS 


200 

ance,  that  characterized  the  people  before  the 
revolution.  It  is  wearing  away;  but  it  is  like  the 
wearing  away  of  the  solid  rock  by  drops  of  water, 
and  will  require  at  least  another  age  to  erase  the 
impression.  In  truth,  I  have  often  felt  indignant 
at  the  air  of  supercilious  superiority  with  which 
an  ignoramus,  from  a  button  manufactory  at  Bir- 
mingham, would  contradict  an  American,  who  had 
derived  his  information  from  the  most  authentic 
sources  with  respect  to  England,  of  which,  in 
truth,  the  button-man  was  totally  ignorant.  With 
these  sort  of  persons,  who  formerly  held  great 
sway  in  our  mongrel  mercantile  tovpns,  where 
the  American  name  is  smothered  under  an  in- 
undation of  agents  of  all  nations.  Every  thing  was 
better  abroad  than  here,  like  Signior  Falconi's 
thunder,  which,  as  he  used  to  say,  was  "  better 
than  you  could  get  every  day  from  de  sky."  I 
don't  say  this  from  any  dislike  to  foreigners,  but  in 
pure  mortification,  to  see  our  country  crouch  be- 
fore upstart  ignorance  and  presumption. 

Follies  and  errors,  instead  of  curing,  perpetu- 
ate themselves,  and  become,  like  some  insignifi- 
cant people,  immortal  in  their  progeny.  Thus, 
if  there  happens  to  be  a  competition  between  a 


201 

native  and  a  foreigner  for  a  professorship,  or  the 
direction  of  an  academy  or  grammar-school,  three 
to  one  this  disposition  to  wonder  at  people  from 
abroad  occasions  the  latter  to  be  preferred,  partly 
because  the  trustees  by  whom  he  is  to  be  chosen, 
are,  for  the  most  part,  compounded  of  materials 
exceedingly  well  qualified  to  be  led  astray;  but 
principally  on  account  of  the  old  colonial  leaven, 
which  is  continually  rising.  The  learned  Gover- 
nor   ,  who  Avas,  ex-officio,  a  regent  of  our 

University,  voted  for  a  professor  of  languages,  for 
no  other  reason  than  because  he  spoke  with  a 
foreign  accent,  which  his  excellency  considered 
an  infallible  proof  of  his  being  a  great  scholar. 
If  I  wanted  a  dancingmaster,  I  would  certainly 
prefer  a  native  of  France ;  if  a  musician,  a  Ger- 
man or  Italian ;  if  a  groom,  an  Englishman  :  but, 
with  reverence  be  it  spoken,  if  I  wanted  a  child 
brought  up  to  love  his  countrymen  above  all 
others, — to  cherish  his  country  above  all  other 
countries, — to  be  an  American,  in  short, — I  would 
give  him  an  American  for  his  teacher. 

It  is  to  the  want  of  a  salutary  preference  for 
such  teachers  that  we  may  mainly  ascribe  the 
tenacity   of  this  ignorant   disposition   to   wonder 


202 

at  every  thing  from  Europe  or  Great  Britain. 
The  professors  and  teachers  naturally  bring  with 
thenn  all  the  prejudices  and  attachments  of  their 
youth.  They  naturally  and  inevitably  instill  into 
the  minds  of  their  pupils  an  inordinate  and  inflated 
idea  of  the  learning,  science,  and  institutions  of 
that  country  where  their  first  impressions  were 
received,  and  where  their  last  attachments. centre. 
They  feel  no  attachment  to  this  country — of 
course  they  can  implant  none;  and  their  pupils 
are  much  more  likely  to  imbibe  discouraging  no- 
tions of  the  superiority  of  others,  than  to  be 
taught  to  emulate  their  science  or  learning.  At 
the  same  time  that  this  preference,  so  mortifying 
to  the  neglected  scholars  of  our  country,  is  thus 
displayed,  we  find  continual  complaints  made  of 
the  want  of  these  professors  and  teachers  among 
ourselves,  forgetting  that  it  is  only  the  hope  of 
fame  and  reward  that  inspires  the  humble  scholar 
to  destroy  the  healthful  vivacity  of  his  body  in 
nightly  studies.  When  he  finds  that  others  are 
preferred  before  him,  even  the  consciousness  of 
'■superiority  is  but  a  feeble  support  against  the  ne- 
-  gleet  of  mankind;  and  the  force  of  example  ope- 
rates  upon    many  others   in  a   similar  situation. 


203 

Genius  will  thrive  amidst  ridicule,  abuse,  and 
even  persecution ;  but  the  soil  of  neglect,  like 
the  sands  of  the  desert,  neither  produces,  or  brings 
any  thing  to  maturity.  There  genius  and  science 
wander  about,  like  poor  Riley*  and  his  com- 
panions, drinking  their  own  tears,  and  withering 
into  skeletons,  under  the  influence  of  a  fruitless 
soil,  and  a  sky  for  ever  neglecting  to  rain. 

In  vain  may  the  learned  critics  of  our  country, 
who  are  made  the  guardians  of  our  taste  and  lite- 
rature, for  the  reasons  that  eunuchs  are  made 
guardians  of  the  ladies  of  the  harem  ;  in  vain  may 
they  lament  that  the  genius  of  this  country  has  not 
raised  his  head  in  all  the  majesty  of  youthful  vi- 
gour, and  freshness  of  blooming  beauty.  They 
may  call  him,  but  he  will  not  appear ;  they  may 
beckon  him,  but  he  will  not  come;  they  may  la- 
ment, but  he  will  not  hear  them ;  or,  if  he  does 
hear,  will  shrink  from  such  mortifying  complaints. 
He  is  a  spoiled  child,  that  must  be  petted,  and 
made  much  of,  else  he  will  be  sulky  and  silent, 
or  display  his  talent  only  to  annoy  the  company. 
So  long,  in  fact,  as  the  circumstance  of  a  writer's 


*  See  Riley's  Narrative.     Ed. 

18* 


204 

Ijcing  a  native  operates  to  the  iojuiy,  rather  than 
the  benefit  of  his  reputation  ;  so  long  as  the  dispo- 
sition to  admire  foreign  productions,  simply  be- 
cause they  are  foreign,  exists  in  this  coimtry;  so 
long,  my  dear  Frank,  will  genius  languish,  and 
little  red  coats  be  cherished  in  drawing-rooms, 
10  the  utter  discomfort  of  us  natives.  We  must 
begin  at  the  root,  and  employ  those  to  give  a 
direction  to  tJie  human  mind,  in  its  infancy,  who 
will  most  likely  give  it  one  in  favour  of  home. 

While,  however,  I  condemn  and  despise  this 
ignorant  preference  of  foreigners,  only  because 
they  are  foreigners,  which  is  the  last  ragged  rem- 
nant of  the  ancient  colonial  spirit,  I  have  no  pre- 
judice against  strangers  who  seek  an  asylum  in 
this  country.  All  that  their  talents,  virtues,  or 
misfortunes  deserve,  I  am  willing  to  allow  them. 
But,  at  the  same  time,  I  do  not  wish  to  select 
them  to  form  the  minds,  and  give  a  permanent 
direction  to  the  attachments  of  the  children  of 
this  country.  I  want  also  to  see  those  literary 
efforts  fostered  that  are  written  with  the  true 
American  feeling  j  for  it  is  such  writings  alone 
that,  while  they  exalt  the  national  character,  instill 
into  the  minds   of  our  people   a   love  of  their 


205 

country,  and  create  an  independence  of  intellect 
that,  spurning  at  servile  imitation,  is  the  parent  of 
originality.  It  has  been  the  misfortune  of  our 
country,  that  many  of  its  most  popular  writers 
were  men  who  affected  a  contempt  for  their  na- 
tive land,  and  who  considered  it  an  unequivocal 
mark  of  superior  refinement  to  undervalue  every 
thing  it  contained.  These  men,  instead  of  be- 
coming the  benefactors  of  the  country,  by  defend- 
ing its  character  and  institutions,  became  accom- 
plices in  detraction — prostituted  their  pens  to 
the  purposes  of  our  enemies;  and  vilified  their 
fellow-countrymen,  rather  than  not  be  thought 
genteel. 

One  able  writer  may  ruin  the  reputation  of  half 
mankind.  The  children  of  Medea,  it  is  said, 
were  murdered  by  the  Corinthians,  who  gave 
Euripides  a  great  sum  of  money  to  write  the  play 
in  which  this  horrible  crime  has  been  for  ever 
entailed  on  the  unfortunate  mother. 

The  truth  is,  the  great  cities  along  the  seacoast, 
are  not  quite  one  half  American  cities,  and 
change  their  aspect  every  year,  as  a  snake  does 

its  skin.     When  I  last  visited  N ,  after  an 

absence  of  two  years,  I  walked  the  streets  without 


206 

knowing  any  body.  The  ancient  inhabitants 
seemed  to  have  been  swallowed  up  by  the  strange 
party-coloured  mixture  of  all  kinds  of  figures 
and  faces,  that  elbowed  me  on  every  side.  The 
signs,  which  in  our  frolics  we  used  sometimes  to 
pull  down,  were  all  changed,  and  the  city  was  a 
new  world.  Hence  arises  the  singular  changes  of 
politics  observed  to  take  place  in  this  ancient  and 
renowned  empoiiura  of  foreign  trade  and  foreign 
influence.  Foreigners  rule  the  banks ;  foreigners 
are  the  loudest  at  elections;  and  foreigners,  in 
more  than  one  place,  have  had  the  hardy  ingrati- 
tude to  array  themselves  in  direct  opposition  to 
the  people,  who  afforded  them  an  asylum,  and 
a  participation  of  their  rights,  as  well  as  of  their 
happiness.  A  wretched  fugitive,  who  lately  set 
up  a  paper  in  your  city,  has  had  the  insolence  to 
upbraid  us  with  affording  his  starving  countrymen 
last  winter,  nothing  but  soup,  in  charity ;  as  if  we 
were  under  any  obligation,  but  that  of  our  own 
humanity,  to  support  them  !  Does  he  suppose 
we  feel  their  visits  to  this  country  an  honour,  or 
an  obligation ;  or  that  we  are  bound  to  pamper 
them  with  luxuries  as  strangers  of  distinction .' 
He  has,  however,  made  some  amends  for  his  in- 


207 

science,  by  advising  his  countrymen  in  future  to 
emigrate  to  South  America ;  and  I  earnestly  hope 
they  will  be  fools  enough  to  take  his  advice. 

This  subject  reminds  me  of  a  queer  fellow  that 
went  by  the  name  of  Paddy  Whack,  who  came 
over  from  a  place  called  Knockecroghery,  as  I 
think,  and  palmed  himself  upon  a  good-natured 
kinsman  of  mine,  whom  we  familiarly  called  Un- 
cle Sam.  Pat,  who  had  many  good  qualities,  but 
was  a  little  apt  to  forget  himself,  and  become 
ungrateful,  owed  his  being  born  at  all  to  a  bull. 
Not  that  I  mean  to  say,  that  like  Minotaurus,  he 
was  begotten  by  a  bull ;  but  only  that  his  mother 
made  a  blunder,  and  mistook  meat  before  grace, 
for  grace  before  meat.  Every  body  knows  the 
consequence  of  these  mistakes.  His  mother  was 
the  veritable  owner  of  the  famous  cow  that  turn- 
ed white  in  the  face,  by  reason  of  eating  a  meal- 
bag.  His  father  denied  him  from  the  first,  so  I 
will  say  nothing  of  that  branch  of  the  family. 
Pat  was  grandson,  by  the  mother's  side,  to  the 
well  known  humorist  Paddy  from  Cork,  who 
wore  his  coat  buttoned  behind  to  keep  his  belly 
warm ;  and  the  old  man  was  so  pleased  with  his 
mode  of  eating  buttermilk  without  any  teeth,  that 


208 

he  insisted  upon  having  him  christened  after 
his  name.  So  be  was  baptized  after  the 
Knockecroghery  fashion,  by  going  a  month  with- 
out having  his  face  washed.  He  was  also  taught 
the  alphabet,  after  the  Knockecroghery  fashion, 
beginning  at  the  end ;  for  they  are  famous  in  that 
town  for  doing  things  wrong  end  foremost.  He 
used  to  say,  the  first  thing  that  brought  him 
into  notice,  was,  his  always  laughing  when  he  was 
sorry,  and  crying  whenever  he  felt  an  extraordi- 
nary degree  of  exhilaration — a  sure  sign  of  a 
great  genius,  who  ought  never  to  do  things  like 
any  body  else.  At  the  age  of  seventeen  he  made 
an  oration,  at  a  spouting-club,  in  which  he  was 
thought  to  beat  Charles  Philips,  for  he  used 
most  beautiful  figures,  only  they  did  not  at  all 
apply  to  the  subject.  The  next  time,  he  chose 
his  subject  on  purpose  to  suit  his  figures;  and  the 

audience    swore  by  J s,  that  it  was  a  capital 

speech,  only  not  at  all  to  the  purpose.  To  remedy 
this,  and  attain  to  the  art  of  suiting  his  orations 
to  the  purpose,  and  his  figures  to  the  subject, 
Pat  took  to  studying  the  law  after  the  Knocke- 
croghery fashion,  free  of  expense.  That  is  to 
say,  he  bad  himself  regularly  indicted  every  term, 


209 

for  assault  and  battery,  or  some  trifle  of  that  sort. 
This  he  called  attending  the  courts,  and  by  these 
means  he  at  last  got  well  acquainted  with  the 
law,  and  knew  exactly  how  near  he  could  go  to  a 
halter  without  being  choked.  Then  he  set  up 
for  himself,  and  furnished  his  own  capital ;  that  is 
to  say,  he  went  to  law  on  his  own  account,  with 
bis  mother's  executor,  for  the  cow  that  ate  the 
meal-bag,  which  turned  out,  on  the  trial,  to  be  a 
bull.  So  Pat  was  nonsuited,  which  did  not  suit 
him  at  all,  for  by  this  time  he  was  out  at  the 
elbows. 

About  this  time  he  heard  of  America,  the 
;WEET  LAND  OF  THE  EXILE,  whcre  the  industri- 
ous  stranger  is  ever  welcome,  and  ever  sure  of 
competency,  if  he  seeks  it  any  where  but  at  the 
grogshops  and  soup-houses — and  where  free- 
dom, plenty,  safety,  and  happiness,  are  so  often 
repaid  by  base  ingratitude.  To  that  happy  land 
he  set  out,  on  a  stick  instead  of  a  horse,  and  was 
quite  surprised  at  two  things — to  wit,  that  his 
horse  was  of  little  use  in  preventing  his  getting 
tired,  and  that  he  could  not  get  to  America  by 
land.  So  he  took  shipping,  and  when  he  came 
there,  the  first  thing   he  did  was  to  abuse  the 


210 

captain  of  the  ship,  for  not  giving  him  a  free 
passage,  and  the  people  for  not  giving  him  roast- 
ed turkeys  instead  of  soup,  for  charity;  seeing 
how  valuable  a  citizen  he  was,  and  what  a  com- 
pliment he  had  paid  the  country  by  his  visit.  He 
was  still  more  nettled,  when  he  found  that  he  got 
no  practice,  except  with  people  who  paid  no 
fees;  for  there  were  already  more  lawyers  than 
suits,  in  that  famous  city.  So  he  took  up  the 
business  of  patriotism,  and  fastened  himself  upon 
Uncle  Sam,  who  was  a  liberal,  good-hearted  old 
fellow,  that  kept  open  house  to  all  comers,  and 
received  Pat  with  kindness  and  hospitality,  be- 
cause he  was  poor  and  an  exile.  Uncle  Sam,  in 
a  little  time  gave  him  all  the  privileges  of  his 
household,  kitchen,  cellar  and  all ;  and  in  truth, 
fed  and  pampered  him  at  such  a  rate,  that  in  a 
little  time  his  legs  cane  to  look  like  Jupiter's 
thigh  with  a  little  whiskey  Bacchus  in  it.  As  1 
said  before,  Pat  was  a  fellow  of  many  good 
qualities — hospitable,  brave,  and  generous — but 
his  hospitality  was  not  often  exercised  in  fa- 
vour of  Uncle  Sara,  for  he  had  no  house  to  be 
hospitable  in ;  his  bravery  was  rather  indiscrimi- 
nate at  times,  for  he  sometimes  defended  himself 


211 

A'iieu  nobody  attacked  bini,  and  generally  attack- 
■  ed  friends  as  well  as  foes ;  and  his  habit  of  un- 
thinking generosity  too  often  made  him  forget 
the  favours  he  received,  and  become  ungrateful. 
Pat,  in  fact,  was  a  fellow  that  did  not  get  credit 
for  half  his  good  qualities ;  because  he  had 
such  a  queer  left-handed  way  of  showing  them, 
that  one  half  of  the  time  people  mistoak  them 
for  faults. 

Living  so  long  at  Uncle  Sam's  good  house,  he 
began  to  think  to  himself,  that  because  he  had 
been  nursed  in  the  eagle's  nest,  he  must  needs  be 
a  young  eagle.  So  lie  said  to  some  roaring  lads 
that  used  to  come  to  see  him  and  drink  Uncle 

Sam's  whiskey,  "  By  J s,  let's  turn  Uncle  Sam 

out  of  house  and  home,  and  have  a  time  of  it. 
The  old  fellow,  to  be  sure,  has  taken  me  into  his 
house,  and  entertained  us  all  handsomely;  but 
what  of  that — we  are  the  true  liberty  boys,  and 
will  take  the  bull  by  the  horns  at  once.  So 
down  with  the  old  aristocrats,  the  fellows  that 
side  with  old  England,  because  they  won't  give 
us  their  land,  and  who  have  kept  us  out  of  our  in- 
heritance these  two  hundred   years;  for   was'nt 

Kit  Columbus  a  Knockecroghery  man  sure  .'"'  So 
Vol.  it.  19 


212 

they  got  drunk  upon  Uncle  Sam's  whiskey,  and 
then  marched  into  the  parlour  to  turn  him  out  of 
doors.  But  the  old  man  and  his  sons  were  too 
stout  for  them,  and  put  them  out  for  that  time. 
l^ui  as  he  could  not  find  in  his  heart  to  discard 
Pat  from  it,  he  was  such  a  queer,  good-natured 
dog,  there  is  no  knowing  what  may  happen  in 
the  end.  The  last  I  heard  of  Pat,  was  his  making 
such  a  rout  at  an  election,  that  the  people  in  the 
neighbourhood  were  obliged  to  get  up  a  society 
for  the  protection  of  native-born  citizens,  against 
Pat  and  his  roistering  companions,  who  wanted 
to  be  represented  by  Pat  in  the  legislature  !  I 
ought  to  have  mentioned,  that  Uncle  Sam,  after  he 
had  put  down  the  Knockecroghery  lads,  made  a 
speech  as  follows.  He  told  them  they  were  wel- 
come to  his  table,  and  might  come  and  eat  and 
drink  whenever  they  pleased,  provided  they  show- 
ed a  decent  sense  of  the  favour.  "  But,"  added 
the  old  man,  shaking  his  silver-locks,  "  if  puffed 
up  with  the  generous  plenty  of  this  good  land, 
you  attempt  to  array  yourselves  in  opposition  to 
its  long  established  possessors — mark  my  words, 
Pat — you  will  make  enemies  of  your  best  friends, 
and  cease  to  be  of  consequence,  except  in  some 


I 


213 

pitiful  contest  of  two  opposite  factions,  when 
some  designing  demagogue  will  find  it  for  his  in- 
terest to  court  your  support,  by  promises  he  could 
not,  if  he  would,  and  would  not,  if  he  could,  per- 
form. You  may  do  well  enough  in  partnership 
with  us,  but  will  infallibly  fail,  if  you  set  up  for 
yourselves."  For  the  application  of  my  story,  I 
leave  that  to  your  own  jurisprudence,  as  the  Bank 
Directors  say.     Farewell. 


LETTER  XXXVII. 


DIHAR  FRANKt 

There  was  once  a  city  in  Argolis,  from 
whence  the  descent  to  Tartarus  was  so  short,  that 
they  always  dispensed  with  the  practice  of  putting 
a  piece  of  money  into  the  mouths  of  the  dead  to 
pay  Charon.  I  slept  last  night  at  a  town  which 
certainly  would  have  disputed  precedence  with 
that  of  Argolis,  had  it  been  situated  in  Greece. 
I  will  not  mention  its  name — and  if  people  find  it 
out  of  themselves  it  will  not  be  my  fault. 

We  left  it  by  daylight  in  the  morning,  and  soon 
struck  into  a  beautiful  country,  affording  a  charm- 
ing contrast  to  the  village  we  had  left.  We  could 
not  help  wondering  that  people  should  prefer 
such  a  town  to  such  a  country,  and  quit  the  sober 
independence  of  rural  life  to  become  peddlers  in  a 
market-town.  In  ray  mind  the  wisest  answer  ever 
19* 


216 

given  by  an  oracle,  was  that  to  the  Ephesian, 
when  he  inquired  where  he  should  go  and  settle. 
He  was  told  to  fix  his  house  where  he  saw  pea- 
sants dancing,  crowned  with  olives.  This  answer 
pictured  a  country,  fruitful,  gay,  and  of  a  mild 
temperature  ;  for  it  is  only  in  happy  climes  that 
the  earth  produces  olives — and  wherever  the 
peasants  are  seen  dancing  on  the  green  by  the 
side  of  healthful  and  happy  streams,  we  may 
gather  that  the  fruitfulness  of  the  country  affords 
them  leisure  from  labour,  and  hearts  to  be  gay. 
True,  these  blessings  may  be  marred  by  the  ty- 
la^iny  of  a  despotic  government,  or  the  exactions 
of  a  petty  lord,  yet  still  I  have  such  faith  in  the 
influence  of  a  mild  and  genial  climate,  and  a 
fruitful  soil,  that  I  can  never  associate  them  with 
misery  and  want.  It  is  in  such  situations  that  tho 
human  mind  perhaps  attains  to  the  highest  point 
of  delicacy  and  refinement  of  which  it  is  capa- 
ble ;  and  it  is  here  too  that  it  degenerates  into 
the  lowest  degree  of  sensuality  and  corruption. 
Here  the  peasant  has  leisure  from  labour  to  culti- 
vate his  taste,  and  give  reins  to  his  imagination, 
and  consequently  the  people  will  become  musical^ 
and  poets  will  rise  up  in  the  ruml  fi^elds.     In  a 


217 

happy  clime,  where  the  juice  of  the  grape  sup- 
plies the  place  of  intoxicating  spirits  or  stultifying 
beer,  leisure  often  begets  refinement  instead  of 
brutality  in  the  peasantry,  and  degenerates  into 
effeminacy  rather  than  rudeness. 

The  character  of  our  country  people,  though 
varied  by  an  infinite  variety  of  shades,  produced 
by  a  descent  from  various  nations,  is  still  uniform 
in  many  respects,  and  different  from  all  other 
people.  They  are  most  like  the  EngUsh,  not 
only  on  account  of  a  majority  being  of  English 
descent,  but  because,  like  them,  they  are  a 
working  people,  consisting,  with  few  exceptions, 
of  three  classes  of  men,  different  in  their  voca- 
tions, but  all  equally  laborious — the  farmer,  the 
merchant,  and  the  mechanic,  in  which  I  in- 
clude the  labourers  of  all  kinds  attached  to  these 
different  professions.  Each  of  these  is  equally 
stimulated  by  the  necessity  of  employment  or  the 
love  of  gain,  which  is  perhaps  stronger  here  than- 
elsewhere,  because  money  is  almost  the  sole 
ground  of  distinction  in  commercial  towns — and 
for  the  additional  reason,  that  here  a  man  works 
more  for  himself,  and  less  for  other?,  than  in  any 
other  country.     Our  taxes  are  light,  and  we  have 


218 

neither  landlords  or  tythes  to  consume  the  pro- 
ducts of  industrious  labourers.  The  merchant 
labours  for  wealth  as  the  sole  means  of  acquiring 
distinction  in  a  country  where  there  is  no  aristo- 
cracy of  birth  or  title — the  farmer  and  mechanic, 
partly  from  the  causes  I  just  mentioned,  and  partly 
from  causes  connected  with  the  climate  of  our 
country,  which,  in  most  of  those  parts  which  have 
been  settled  long  enough  to  give  a  colouring  to 
the  national  character,  is  subjected  to  long  and 
inclement  winters. 

It  may  in  truth  be  said,  that  one-half  of  the 
year,  while  the  people  of  other  climes,  where 
music  is  heard  in  the  fields  and  along  the  river- 
banks,  are  sporting  like  butterflies,  our  people  are 
labouring  to  provide  for  the  other  half.  The 
former  is  labouring  to  keep  his  cattle  and  family 
from  starving  in  the  long  season,  when  the  grass 
does  not  grow  nor  the  fruits  ripen.  All  this  time 
too  the  labourer  is  toiling,  not  only  to  get  a  little 
beforehand,  to  lay  up  his  winter's  wood  and 
various  other  necessaries,  and  put  his  house  in 
order  to  keep  out  the  winter's  blast.  But  in 
other  more  genial  climates,  where  the  flowers  and 
the   fruits  appear  in   perpetual   succession,    and. 


219 

where  the  slightest  cabin  is  sufficient  to  exclude 
the  weather,  a  man  can  play  the  butterfly,  and  sip 
the  flowers  all  summer,  without  perishing  with 
hunger  and  cold  when  the  winter  comes.  A  little 
labour  satisfies  his  present  wants,  and  the  future, 
like  the  present,  is  easily  supplied.  In  the  inter- 
vals of  his  labours  he  can  sit  in  the  shade,  when 
all  nature  is  smiling  around  him,  and  give  a  loose 
to  his  imagination,  if  he  has  any.  The  happy 
temperature  of  the  climate  takes  ofl'  his  attention 
from  his  own  personal  feelings — for  his  teeth 
neither  chatter  with  cold,  nor  is  he  rendered  ex- 
animate by  the  burning  heat.  It  is  then  that  the 
soul  seems  to  assert  its  independence,  and  relieved 
from  all  participation  in  the  cares  of  existence, 
becomes  all  feeling,  all  imagination.  Then 
poetry  will  be  sung  in  natural  strains,  and  music 
will  echo  along  the  rivers  or  by  the  side  of  the 
mountains.  It  was  the  shepherd  Orpheus  who, 
m  the  pleasant  land  of  Greece^  first  waked  the 
spirit  of  poetry  and  music  among  the  woods  and 
rocks;  it  was  the  shepherds  of  Chaldea  and 
Egypt  who  first  studied  the  science  of  the  stars 
as  they  watched  their  flocks  by  night — and  it  is 
'0  the  age  of  the  Noraades  that  we  owe  the  first 


220 

dawnings  of  all  those  beautiful  arts  aod  sciences 
that  adorn  and  embellish  our  existence.  Two 
causes  contributed  to  this ;  leisure,  and  a  lux- 
uriant climate.  The  first  will  do  much  ;  but  it  is 
the  union  of  both  that  gives  birth  to  music  and 
poetry — which,  if  not  twins,  were  born  in  quick 
succession. 

There  was  something,  however,  in  the  clannish 
spirit  and  institutions  of  Scotland,  that  in  con- 
nexion with  the  shepherd  life  that  subsisted  more 
particularly  in  the  highlands,  together  with  the 
romantic  scenery  of  that  region,  which  seems  to 
have  had  the  same  effect  that  genial  climes  had 
on  other  nations.  The  pastoral  life,  of  all  others 
common  to  the  mass  of  mankind,  affords  the  most 
leisure  ; — the  shepherd  was  relieved  by  his  dogs 
from  the  actual  labour  of  watching,  collecting, 
and  driving  the  flocks  in  his  charge.  In  the  sum- 
mer they  subsisted  on  the  verdure  of  the  moun- 
tain, and  in  the  winter  his  chief  was  responsible 
for  their  food,  since  it  was  to  him  that  they  ap- 
pertained. Even  in  this  inclement  and  rugged 
region  the  mass  of  the  people  enjoyed  a  great 
portion  of  leisure,  and  being  too  poor  to  waste  it 
In  expensive  amusements,  resorted  to  minstrelsy 


221 

and  music  to  pass  the  time.  Hence,  in  the  days 
of  feudal  dependence  and  clannish  affinity,  were 
composed  those  delightful  songs,  and  melting  or 
inspiring  airs,  that  thrill  to  the  heart, — and  I 
earnestly  hope  will  stand  their  ground  against  that 
affected  refinement  which  would  engraft  the  ener- 
vating productions  of  emasculated  Italy  upon  the 
manly  and  nervous  race  that  people  America.  If 
we  are  to  borrow  our  music  and  our  song,  let  us 
imitate  Scotland — whose  poetry  and  music  has  a 
character  of  manly  tenderness  and  incorruptible 
simplicity,  that  I  would  not  exchange  for  all  the 
emasculated  poetry  of  Metastasio,  or  the  effe- 
minate strains  of  his  cotemporary  musicians. 

Do  not  mistake  the  foregoing  profound  specu- 
lations, for  a  sighing  after  climates  like  that  of 
Italy,  and  a  people  like  the  Italians.  I  am  only 
attempting  to  give  a  reason  for  the  almost  total 
absence  of  music  in  the  country  through  which  I 
have  lately  been  travelling,  as  well  as  in  almost 
every  portion  of  the  United  States.  In  their  love 
of  music  and  poetry,  our  countrymen  are  cer- 
tainly behindhand  with  the  people  of  Europe; 
and,  as  a  philosophical  traveller,  I  felt  myself 
bound  in  honour  to  account  for  the  phenomenon, 


222 

which  I  hope  I  have  done  to  your  satislacUon 
Depend  upon  it  that  there  is  no  unmixed  good  in 
this  world — for  even  labour,  wliich  is  the  parent 
of  all  the  hardy  virtues,  is  equally  the  parent  of  a 
sordid  indifference  to  the  finer  impulses  of  the 
mind.  Where  necessity  or  the  love  of  gain  im- 
pels to  uninterrupted  toils,  there  will  be  every 
thing  necessary  to  the  eating  and  drinking  part  of 
life,  but  little  to  adorn  or  embellish  our  existence. 
The  virtues  that  exalt  a  nation  in  power,  by 
increasing  its  wealth,  and  defending  its  honour — 
the  hardihood  of  spirit  that  bristles,  if  a  finger  is 
pointed  at  its  rights  or  at  its  independence — the 
lofty  feelings,  that  shrinking  from  the  shadow  of 
servility,  sometimes  exhibit  an  appearance  of 
rudeness — the  intelligence  that  investigates  and 
judges  for  itself,  on  every  occasion — and  the 
spirit  of  liberty  that  sometimes  leans  even  to 
licentiousness — these  are  the  constituents  of  a 
great  people — and  these  are  our's,  although  you 
may  not  find  them  much  about  where  you  are. 
For  my  part,  I  am  content  with  these ;  they  are 
too  valuable  to  be  exchanged  for  the  fine  arts, 
and  if  we  must  make  a  choice,  give  me  the  virtues 
of  men,  rather  than  the  amusements  of  connois- 


223 

seurs.  It  does  not  mortify  me  that  other  people 
have  better  fiddlers,  dancers,  and  sculptors  than 
ourselves,  so  long  as  we  beat  them  in  spirit, 
freedom,  plenty,  and  happiness. 

The  truth  is,  that  mine  honest,  sanguine,  and 
heels-over-head  friend,  brother  Jonathan,  is  one 
of  those  people  who  are  for  eating  their  cake  and 
having  their  cake,  and  reconciling  all  sorts  of 
incongruities.  He  is  for  doing  things  in  a  great 
hurry,  and  would  be  free  and  hardy,  with  all  the 
enervated  refinements  of  slavery.  Not  content 
with  all  the  enjoyments  necessary  to  happiness, 
and  all  the  essential  characteristics  of  a  nation 
destined  to  mighty  things,  the  honest  lad  would 
needs  strut  about  in  all  the  gilded  paraphernalia 
of  pictures,  palaces,  and  statues,  that  serve  to 
amuse  some  nations  into  a  forgetfulness  of  their 
chains.  He  is  continually  flaring  away  in  the 
awkward  secondhand  finery  of  Europe,  that  gives 
him  the  appearance  of  a  servile  imitator,  instead 
of  coming  out  in  his  honest  homespun,  to  chal- 
lenge the  respect  of  the  world.  The  rogue  often 
reminds  me  of  a  little  fat,  greedy  urchin,  with  an 
apple  in  each  hand  and  its  mouth  full  of  ginger- 
bread, whining  and  fretting,  because  it  can't  ap- 

VoL.  II.  20 


224 

piopriate  to  itself  at  the  same  time  a  pretty  pic- 
lure  or  lacquered  Image  on  the  mantelpiece. 

You  must  excuse  my  rambling  letters,  remem- 
bering that  I  only  promised  to  write  to  you  on 
the  express  condition  of  rambling  to  all  points  of 
the  compass  if  I  pleased.  In  the  dearth  of  in- 
cidents I  must  draw  upon  honest  little  specula- 
tion, and  tell  you  what  I  think,  rather  than  what 
I  see.  However,  my  next  shall  be  descriptive  of 
something  or  other,  unless  I  am  again  led  astray. 
I  meant  to  tell  you  about  Berkeley  Springs,  which 
merited  a  description ;  but  they  slipt  my  memory 
somehow  or  other.  Please  Jupiter,  you  shall 
have  it  before  long.     Good  bye. 


LETTER  XXXVIII 


DEAR  FRANK, 

Eight  days  ago  we  left  the  town  of  W , 

famous  for  several  things  which  I  have  forgot ; 
so  you  have  escaped  a  description  this  time — for 
which  it  is  your  duty  to  be  thankful.  From  this 
place  we  crossed  over  to  Berkeley  Springs,  a 
famous  place,  where  the  beaumonde  resort  from 
all  the  country  around.  After  riding  across  a 
mountainous  track,  the  most  wild  and  rugged  of 
any  I  remember  to  have  seen  in  the  course  of  our 
lour,  in  turning  an  angle  of  the  road  we  suddenly 
opened  upon  one  of  the  most  beautiful  and 
striking  contrasts  I  ever  saw.  On  a  little  green 
sward,  skirting  along  the  foot  of  a  steep  moun- 
tain, at  least  a  hundred  gay  people  of  both  sexes 
were  rambhng  among  the  trees,  just  in  the  twi- 


226 

light  of  a  mild  summer  evening.  Oliver  shouted 
at  the  sight,  and  even  my  phiiofeophy  shook  in 
the  wind  at  the  view  of  so  many  fair  damsels, 
every  one  of  whom  dressed  in  white,  put  me  in 
mind  of  white  fringe  upon  a  green  petticoat. 
Till  this  moment  I  had  been  exclusively  in  love 
wiih  nature  ;  but  now,  to  my  shame  be  it  con- 
fessed, I  began  to  comprehend  the  superiority  of 
the  beauties  of  art — by  which  I  mean  no  reflec- 
tion on  the  ladies. 

The  truth  is,  after  having  rambled  a  long  while 
among  the  vast  solitudes  of  nature — where  a  hu- 
man being  is  among  the  rarest  of  animals,  and 
though  certainly  a  fellow-creature,  yet  so  different 
ill  tastes,  manners,  and  acquirements,  as  to  afford 
little  affinity  of  mind,  there  was  something  ex- 
quisitely exhilarating,  thus  to  break  upon  people 
resembling  our  accustomed  associates,  sporting 
gayly  in  the  midst  of  the  wild  mountains.  Per- 
haps there  is  no  situation,  in  which  we  taste  the 
pleasures  of  refined  society  with  a  keener  zest 
than  when,  after  losing  them  for  awhile,  we  meet 
with  them  associated  with  romantic  scenery,  and 
buried  as  it  were  in  the  bosom  of  nature.  We 
had  the  good  fortune,  as  well  as  the  unexpected 


227 

pleasure,  of  meeting  old  friends,  and  this  tempted 
us  to  stay  some  time. 

As  it  is  the  prevailing  opinion  among  your 
fellow-citizens,  that  there  is  nothing  refined  to 
the  south  of  Schuylkill,  and  no  watering-place 
worth  visiting  except  Long-Branch,  I  will  try 
and  set  you  right  in  this  matter.  The  truth  is, 
these  springs  are  as  gay,  as  fashionable,  and  far 
more  delightfully  situated  than  any  I  have  ever 
visited.  In  all  the  constituents  of  a  fashionable 
watering-place,  Berkeley  maintains  a  most  re- 
spectable rank,  inasmuch  as  it  affords  as  great  a 
variety  of  character,  as  many  gay  equipages, 
and  gay  people,  and  almost  as  great  a  lack  of 
variety  of  amusement,  as  Ballston  or  Long- 
Branch. 

You  meet  with  every  distinct  variety  among 
the  belles  and  beaux.  To  begin  with  the  ladies. 
There  is  the  sentimental  lady,  who  must  have 
blue  eyes — by  all  means,  and  who  it  is  indispensa- 
bly necessary  should  be  very  fond  of  retirement — 
a  preference  which  she  demonstrates  by  going  in 
search  of  it  every  summer  to  a  watering-place. 
Then  there  is  the  blue-stocking  lady,  who  is  all 
20* 


228 

for  the  delights  of  literature,  and  who  comes  to 
watering-places  because  they  are  the  resort  of 
scholars  and  people  of  literary  tastes!  These 
ladies  are  a  great  terror  to  the  race  of  bucks — 
because  they  are  continually  drawing  draughts  on 
their  understandings,  which  these  gentlemen  can't 
conveniently  accept  at  sight.  But  the  most  nu- 
merous class  of  ladies  to  be  found  at  these  resorts 
is  that  of  the  regular  built,  systematic,  determin- 
ed, and  invincible  belles,  who  go  about  as  roaring 
lions,  seeking  whom  they  may  devour.  Like 
strolling  actresses,  they  are  seldom  seen  twice  in 
the  same  place,  but  after  playing  off  their  airs  and 
graces,  becoming  tired  of,  and  tiring  every  body, 
vanish  away,  and  never  shine  in  that  sphere 
again.  These  unfortunate  belles  are  to  be  seen 
every  where,  flashing  at  intervals  like  fireflies  of 
a  summer  evening,  dazzling  occasionally,  but 
never  warming  ;  and  generally,  like  our  aunt  Kate, 
end  in  becoming  very  efficient  members  of  some 
odd  society  for  the  propagation  of — any  thing  but 
the  human  species.  In  enumerating  the  varieties 
to  be  found  at  a  fashionable  watering-place,  it 
would  be  unpardonable  to  omit  two  classes  of  el- 


229 

derly  matrons,  who  are  very  constant  attendants  on 
these  establishments.     The  first  are  very  piously 
scandalous ;  and,  like  the  old  lady  in  the  Specta- 
tor, whom  Rhodomanthus  beckoned  to  the  left 
hand,  are  so  busy  correcting  the  faults  of  others, 
that  they  have  no  time  to  attend  to  their  own. 
They  are  ever  on  the  watch  to  repress  any  inno- 
cent ebullilion  of  vivacity,  and  to  poison  every 
little  moment  of  youthful  gayety,  by  sour  looks  of 
reprehension,  sideblow  innuendoes,  and  appalling 
shakes  of  the   head.     The  other  class,   is   that 
which  marshals  its  daughters,  nieces,  and  proteges 
to  battle  at  these  great  marts,  and  stands  on  the 
alert  to  see  that  they  don't  fall  in  love  with  any 
body  not  well-established  in  business,  or  well  to 
do    in  the   world.     But  at  the  same  time  they 
exercise  this  matronly  caution  they  take  every 
opportunity  of  showing  the  young  ladies   off  to 
ricb  bachelors  and  prosperous  traders,  who  have 
plenty  of  money — or  what  is  just  the  same  thing 
— plenty  of  credit.     I  cannot  help  here  observing 
that  there  is  a  class  of  females  one  never  meets 
at  these  places,  except  now  and  then,  when  we 
:?ometimes  see  a  solitary  one,  pale,  languid,  and 


230 

weak,  whom  the  hope  of  recovery  from  some 
slow  and  sure  malady,  tempts  from  her  home.  I 
mean  those  who  find  their  happiness  in  the  do- 
mestic circle,  and  the  enjoyment  of  that  unobtru- 
sive Paradise,  created,  adorned,  and  consecrated 
by  the  exercise  of  domestic  virtues.  It  is  these 
which  constitute  that  portion  of  the  sex,  among 
which  men  find  companions  who  assist  in  bearing 
the  burtheji  of  existence,  instead  of  adding  to  its 
weight  J  who  shed  the  brightest  light  when  the 
storm  of  adversity  thickens  and  blackens — and 
who,  without  stooping  to  any  cares  or  occu- 
pations unworthy  a  gentlewoman,  are  guardians 
of  the  household,  of  man,  and  the  consecrators 
of  his  fortune-  The  sweetest  days  of  summer  are 
those  in  which  the  sun,  partly  hid  behind  the  light 
clouds,  warms  without  dazzling  ;  and  the  sweetest 
women  are  those  who  never  shine — except  to 
those  they  love.  Ambition  to  become  the  won- 
der of  the  world  makes  men  gods  or  demons ; 
but  operating  on  women,  only  makes  them  ridicu- 
lous. It  drives  them  so  much  into  the  world, 
that  we  become  tired  of  seeing,  or  hearing  of 
them  ;  and  too  often,  in  the  anxiety  to  gain  the 


231 

©bject,  stimulates  them  to  conciliate  the  vanity 
of  men,  by  attentions  and  flatteries  unworthy  a 
MQodest  and  delicate  female. 

Of  the  beaux,  who  are  most  frequently  to  be 
met  with  at  these  fas  itaable  watering-places,  the 
most  numerous  class  is  generally  composed  of 
young  fellows  labouring  under  a  sort  of  anti-ma- 
ladie  du  Pays.  They  have  become  tired  of  the 
same  amusements,  and  the  same  people ;  they 
have  paced  up  and  down  the  same  fashionable 
promenade  till  every  body  is  tired  of  them ;  and 
they  have  been  so  often  in  the  same  society,  that 
they  have  absolutely  talked  themselves  quite  out, 
and  find  it  easier  to  get  new  auditors  than  new 
ideas.  Of  this  genus  there  are  two  varieties. 
The  one  neglects  the  ladies,  because  he  affects 
to  despise  them ;  but  the  real  truth  is — that  he 
has  been  so  much  in  the  society  of  horses  and 
dogs,  that  a  lohoa  and  a  whistle  are  the  extent  of 
his  vocabulary,  and  a  bark  and  a  neigh  the  limits 
of  his  comprehension.  The  other  variety  is  com- 
posed of  those  who  limit  their  attentions  to  ask- 
ing a  lady  to  dance,  he,  and  who  stand  sentry 
round  a  fashionable  belle,  without  saying  a  word, 


232 

reminding  us  of  a  guard  of  mutes  about  the  fa- 
vourite sultana. 

Next  comes  the  spruce  bachelor  of  sixty-five, 
who,  having  breakfasted  and  dined  on  single 
blessedness,  is  anxious  to  sup  upon  matrimony, 
by  way  of  variety.  This  is  generally  a  man  with 
every  thing  comfortable  about  him  at  home,  but 
who,  not  knowing  when  he  is  well  off,  goes  to  a 
watering-place  to  find  a  wife.  Here,  instead  of 
pairing  with  one  whose  age,  habits,  and  tastes 
correspond  with  his  own,  he  singles  out  a  high- 
bred belle,  who  lives  only  for  gayety  and  splen- 
dour, and  who  condescends  to  marry  this  reve- 
rend youth — for  his  riches  and  equipage.  Instead 
of  plucking  a  few  flowers  from  the  brink  of  the 
grave,  the  poor  man  gathers  but  thorns  and  briers 
— sinks  into  a  piece  of  mere  fuller's  earth,  and 
ends  at  length  with  fulfilling  the  destiny  of  Swift's 
broomstick,  which,  in  its  last  stage,  was  used  to 
light  a  fire  for  other  men  to  warm  themselves  by. 

Sometimes,  however,  in  this  matrimonial  trial, 
the  lady  is  the  dupe,  and  the  bachelor  the  rogue. 
It  not  unfrequently  happens  that  the  old  gentle- 
man who  thus  goes  to  a  watering-place  to  seek 


233 

his  fortune,  is  on  the  eve  of  bankruptcy,  and, 
while  his  last  light  is  glimmering,  makes  a  despe- 
rate attempt  to  catch  some  little  unwary  moth 
that  flutters  round  his  expiring  taper.  I  have 
known  many  instances  of  this  fraud,  which  would 
be  truly  lamentable,  did  not  the  woman  who  sells 
herself  in  this  manner  deserve  her  fate.  As  it  is, 
her  situation  is  painful  in  the  extreme  ;  for  she 
has  not  only  forfeited  her  own  approbation,  but 
deprived  herself  of  all  claim  to  commiseration, 
without  gaining  the  object  of  these  precious 
sacrifices.  It  is  a  mutual  fraud ;  both  parties 
equally  merit  punishment — and  both  are  unwor- 
thy of  pity. 

But  in  this  review  of  the  fashionable  train,  I 
must  not  forget  the  spruce  little  widower,  with 
grown-up  daughters,  whom  he  makes  a  point  to 
send  to  some  distant  boarding-school,  that  they 
may  not  stand  in  the  way  of  a  second  engagement. 
People  sometimes  hug  their  chains,  we  are  told, 
which  accounts  for  a  man  marrying  a  second 
time ;  otherwise  this  phenomenon  might  puzzle 
the  philosophers.  The  little  widower  generally 
succeeds  wonderfully  well,  provided  he  can  keep 


234 

Lis  grown-up  daughters  from  rising  up  in  judg- 
ment against  Lim,  and  sports  a  handsome  equip- 
age. But  even  vvitliout  this,  he  very  generally 
succeeds  somehow  or  other — either  by  superior 
enterprise,  superior  perseverance,  or  by  possess- 
ing the  art  of  rousing  the  young  lady's  curiosi- 
ty about  what  happens  in  the  state  of  matri- 
mony. Women,  as  Rosalind  says,  "  have  no 
doublet  and  hose  in  their  disposition ;"  and  1  am 
credibly  informed  of  one  woman  who  killed  her- 
self out  of  sheer  curiosity  to  know  how  it  felt. 
I  see  no  reason  why  women  may  not  sometimes 
marry  for  the  same  reason ;  especially  as  this 
theory  will  account  for  some  marriages  otherwise 
inexplicable. 

To  these  varieties  of  the  fashionable  world,  if 
we  add  a  few  lusus  naturce  belonging  to  no 
distinct  species,  such  as  clever  people,  good  wo- 
men, invalids  whom  the  doctors,  in  despair  of 
curing  or  getting  their  bills  paid,  have  sent  to 
drink  the  waters,  we  have  pretty  much  the  mot- 
ley group  of  a  watering-place.  Among  these, 
however,  one  seldom  fails  to  find  a  little  knot  of 
pleasant  people,  with  whom  we  are  sorry  to  part. 


235 

tH  the  end  of  a  week  or  two,  the  usual  time  of 
sojourning  at  such  places.     This  happened  to  be 
our  lucky  lot ;  and  it  was  in  consequence  of  this 
that  we  staid  nearly  a  week  at  Berkeley.     There 
is  a  fine  drawing-room  here,  in  which  the  ladies 
meet  to  chat,  or  work,  and  play  at  chess,  or  de- 
vise some  pleasant  excursion.     Every  night    or 
two  there  is  a  ball,  in  a  very  splendid  room  ap- 
propriated to  that  purpose;  and   in  afternoons  it 
is  pleasant  to  stroll  backwards  and  forwards  along 
the  brook  that  skirts  the  green  in  front  of  the 
springs,  that  gush  out  from  the  foot  of  the  moun- 
tain.    There  is  a  pavilion  built  over  the  spring, 
which  is  used  for  drinking,  and  two  bath-houses — 
one  for  either  sex.     The  spring  which  supplies 
the  ladies'  bath  is  one  of  the  finest  I  have  ever 
seen.     It  bursts  from  a  fissure  in  the  rock  in  the 
form  of  a  cone,  much  larger  than  the  crown  of  a 
hat,  and,  together  with  the  others,  forms  a  fine 
stream,  in  some  places  six  or  eight  yards  wide. 
This   place    was    formerly  the   property   of  the 
family  of  Fairfax,  once  lords  of  a  great  portion 
of  the  tract  of  country  called  the  Great  Northern 
Neck  of  Virginia,  situated  between  the  Potomac 
Vol.  II.  21 


236 

and  Rappahannock  rivers.  One  of  these  polejit 
chieftains  vested  the  springs  and  a  little  tract 
around  in  trustees,  to  be  chosen  from  time  to 
time,  for  the  use  of  all  comers  for  ever.  People 
using  the  baths  pay  a  small  sum,  which  is  appro- 
priated by  the  trustees  to  keeping  up  the  repairs 
of  the  place,  and  other  objects  of  utility  and  or- 
nament. 

Among  the  peculiarities  of  watering-places,  one 
may  always  notice  a  certain  odd  sort  of  rivalship 
prevailing  among  the  ladies  of  the  different  sec- 
tions or  states  of  the  Union.  This  is  exhibited 
in  a  certain  shyness  and  civility,  and  in  the  va- 
rious little  knots  gathering  together  in  different 
parts  of  the  room,  together  with  certain  sly  looks 
and  glances  that  all  fashionable  ladies  understand, 
and  resent — nobody  else  knows  why.  When  a 
female  arrives,  they  sit  in  judgment  upon  her 
directly  ;  and  if  she  does  not  possess  the  myste- 
rious, inexplicable  attributes  of  bon  ton — whew  ! 
marry  come  up ! — and  all  that  sort  of  thing. 
The  ladies  here  were  principally  from  Virginia 
and  Maryland,  and  it  was  amuSing  enough  to  see 
how  they  measured  distances,  like  strange  game- 


237 

cocks  in  the  same  barn-yard.  I  have  been  thus 
particular  in  my  details,  because  the  good  citizens 
of  your  parts,  who  always  call  that  the  genteelest 
place  which  is  most  frequented  by  themselves, 
have  not  the  least  idea,  that  in  the  midst  of  the 
Virginia  mountains  there  is  a  little  spot,  where  is 
to  be  found  all  the  airs,  graces,  paraphernalia, 
caprices,  and  elegancies  of  the  most  fashionable 
assembly.  Every  man  is  the  centre  of  his  own 
universe,  and  always  considers  that  a  strange 
place  in  which  he  is  a  stranger.     Good  bye. 


LETTER  XXXIX 


BEAR  FRANK, 

1  RECEIVED  the  book  you  sent  me  by  oui 

friend  T ,  who  came  to  Berkeley  the  day  before 

yesterday,  and  thank  you  for  it,  for  it  has  afforded 
me  infinite  amusement,  not  the  less  on  account  of 
its  intrinsic  follies,,  than  for  the  numerous  certifi- 
cates of  its  merits,  with  which  it  was  accompanied. 
It  seems  now-a-days  as  if  our  booksellers,  who  of 
course  adapt  themselves  to  the  spirit  of  the  times, 
dare  not  venture  on  the  publication  of  a  book 
without  some  little  scrap  of  commendation  from 
a  Review,  or  a  string  of  testimonials  from  divers 
worthy  literary  characters  of  this  country,  who 
regularly  stand  godfathers  to  every  new  work,  and 
most  benevolently  praise  it  in  proportion  to  its 
demerits.  By  this  method  the  gentle  reader  is 
made  to  be  fully  satisfied  of  the  merits  of  a  book 


21 


* 


240 

before  he  pays  his  money  for  it;  and  is  relieved 
entirely  from  the  trouble  of  exercising  his  own 
judgment.  This  way  of  getting  a  book  into- 
credit  and  circulation,  is  doubtless  borrowed  from 
the  venders  of  quack-medicines,  who  establish  the 
wonderful  virtues  of  their  nostrums,  and  impose 
upon  the  credulity  of  mankind,  by  means  of  cer- 
tain certificates  they  procure  from  ignorance  and 
stupidity.  But  I  have  other  matters  in  hand  just 
now. 

The  most  common  infirmity  which  brings  peo- 
ple to  watering-places,  is  the  disease  of  I  don't 
know  what,  the  symptoms  of  which  begin  to  ap- 
pear generally  about  the  beginning  of  July.  The 
]ady — for  ladies  are  more  generally  subject  to  this 
disease  than  the  other  sex— first  begins  to  com- 
plain of  the  intolerable  heat  of  the  town,  and  fans 
herself  violently  for  several  days.  If  this  don't 
do,  she  begins  to  complain  of  weakness  and  want 
of  appetite  and  spirits ;  and  if  this  don't  do,  the 
Doctor  is  called  in  ;  who,  to  get  rid  of  a  patient 
whose  disorder  he  knows  to  be  incurable,  recom- 
mends a  trip  to  the  springs.  After  this,  if  the  lady 
is  not  permitted  to  go,  the  husband  is  voted  ?.» 
inhuman  monster  at  all  tea-parties. 


241 

It  is  inconceivable    what  trouble  people  take 
sometimes  to  gain  amusement,  when  they  set  out 
on  purpose.     I  have  known  many,  at  these  places, 
expressly  set  apart  for  the  reception  of  people 
who  don't  know  what  to  do  with  themselves,  who 
actually  took  more  pains  to  keep  awake  all  day, 
than  a   poor   man  does  to  maintain  his  family. 
Some  will  take  romantic  excursions  into  swamps 
to    see    the    country ;    some  will    play   billiards 
from  morning    till   night ;    some    will  get  under 
trees  with  a  book,  and  try  with  all  their  might  to 
recollect  what  they  are  thinking  or  reading  about ; 
and  others  will  dress  five  or  six  times  a  day  to 
pass  the  time.     After  spending  a  few  weeks  in 
this  way,  interspersed  with  a  little  flirtation  with 
the    married  ladies,   and  a   little   love  with  the 
young  ones,  people    begin  to  feel  the  value  of 
home,   and  are  very    glad    to  get    there  again. 
Indeed  the  great  use  of  these  places  is  to  make 
us  in  love  with  home,  the  comforts  of  which  are 
greatly  enhanced,  by  the  singular  inconveniences 
of  a  watering-place  ! 

Berkeley,  in  additiorr  to  its  pleasant  rural  situa- 
tion at  the  foot  of  a  steep  mountain,  and  its  little 
green,  promenade  by  the  side  of  the  brook^  has 


242 

maijy  pleasant  rides  on  horseback  in  its  ncigli- 
bourhood.  The  most  interesting  of  these  leads 
to  what  is  called  the  Caphon  Rock,  which  is  in 
fact  a  mighty  mass  of  rocks,  tumbled  up  on  the 
top  of  a  mountain,  from  which  there  is  a  noble 
prospect  to  the  westward.  One  day  I  took  a 
solitary  ride  there,  while  Oliver  was  gallantizing 
the  ladies,  a  vocation  for  which  his  invincible 
good  humour  and  unfailing  vivacity  eminently 
qualify  him. 

The  mass  of  great  rocks,  lying  just  on  the  west- 
ern declivity  of  the  mountain,  would  appear  more 
singular,  were  such  phenomena  not  so  common  on 
the  mountains  in  this  country.  How  they  got 
there  nobody  can  tell,  or  at  least  nobody  but  the 
geologists,  who  like  honest  Sysiphus,  don't  mind 
rolling  rocks  to  the  tops  of  the  mountains,  even 
though  they  tumble  down  the  next  minute.  From 
the  sunmiit  of  the  highest  point  of  this  mass  of  rocks, 
there  is  a  clear  view  of  the  valley  of  Caphon,  or 
Cacapehon,  as  it  is  called  in  the  maps.  On  the 
right  of  this  valley,  at  its  western  boundary,  the 
Potomac  comes  out  from  a  break  in  the  mountain, 
crosses  it  at  the  foot  of  another,  in  a  line  almost 
as  straight  as  a  canal,  and  loses  itself  again  in  the 


243 

mountains  at  the  eastern  extremity  of  the  valley. 
To  the  south  is  seen  the  river  Caphon,  winding 
and  turning,  in  every  direction,  so  as  to  form  the 
appearance  of  several  little  green  islands  ;  and  at 
last,  with  a  sort  of  affected  reluctance,  joining  its 
waters  with  those  of  the  Potomac,  just  before 
it  breaks  through  the  eastern  mountain. 

The  valley  is  surrounded  on  all  sides  by  high 
hills,  beyond  which,  to  the  west,  higher  ones  ap- 
pear in  continued  succession,  paler  and  paler, 
until  they  are  lost  in  the  heavens,  by  becoming 
confounded  with  the  blue  sky.  Houses  were 
dispersed  at  solitary  distances,  whose  curling 
smoke,  as  it  rose  out  of  the  trees,  added  to  the 
peaceful  character  of  the  scene,  and  divested  it 
of  that  melancholy  loneliness,  which  affects  us  in 
contemplating  those  beautiful  landscapes,  which 
have  never  yet  been  appropriated  by  man.  Af- 
ter a  while,  I  descended  the  mountain  to  where 
the  two  rivers  form  a  junction,  and  forded  them 
both,  for  it  was  a  very  dry  season,  and  the 
streams  of  this  country  were  very  low.  I  could 
see  along  the  banks  of  the  Potomac,  where  the 
logs  were  lodged,  and  in  the  crotches  of  trees, 
>6.dge  and  branches  depojsited  by  the  waters,  at 


244 

least  twenty-five  feet  above  the  present  level  of 
the  current.  You  can  form  no  idea  how  these 
mountain  streams  swell  with  the  rains  or  the  melt- 
ing of  the  snows  ;  or  with  what  tremendous  force 
and  velocity  they  roll  and  roar  along  at  such 
times. 

In  returning  from  the  valley,  I  went  to  take  a 
last  look  from  the  rock.  It  was  becoming  cloudy, 
or  rather  hazy,  and  little  showers  were  falling  in 
some  parts,  while  others  were  glowing  in  the  sun. 
The  light  and  shade  was  disposed  in  endless  varie- 
ty, and  the  general  haze  of  the  atmosphere,  soft- 
ened the  objects  appearing  through  its  medium, 
as  past  scenes  are  mellowed  and  endeared  by  the 
slight  obscurity  thrown  over  them  by  the  mists 
of  memory. 

I  don't  know  what  may  be  the  moral  or  reli- 
gious influence  of  such  scenes,  since  although 
they  assuredly  give  birth  to  pure  and  lofty  emo- 
tions, they  are  apt  to  make  us  too  much  in  love 
with  this  world.  One  thing  however  is  pretty 
certain,  that  it  is  among  such  regions  as  these, 
composed  of  rugged  mountains  and  rural  vales, 
that  the  people  are  found  most  attached  to  their 
home,  and  modes  of  life.     It  is  such  scenes  that 


245 

4hey  are  found  most  to  lament  when  far  away,  to 
remember  the  longest,  and  to  cherish  the  most 
dearly.  The  natives  of  cities  never  get  the  ma- 
ladie  du  Pays,  for  paved  streets,  brick-houses,  and 
rattling  carts  possess  neither  the  charms  nor  the 
music  of  rural  vales,  hid  in  the  bosom  of  the  hills, 
or  clear  streams  murmuring  among  moss-cover- 
ed rocks.  Liberty,  too,  dwells  in  the  moun- 
tains, and  where  she  lives,  men  are  happier  than 
any  where  else ;  for  they  are  exempt  from  the 
train  of  petty  insults  and  impositions,  practised  on 
the  subservient  race,  and  from  that  galling  sense 
of  inferiority,  which,  when  they  cease  to  feel,  they 
are  little  better  than  brutes,  and  when  they  do 
feel,  make  them  little  less  than  miserable. 
Good  bye. 


LETTER  XL. 


DEAR  FRANK, 

r  OUR  days  ago  we  left  Berkeley  Springs,  and  ar- 
rived here  the  day  before  yesterday.  The  country 
through  which  we  passed  is  limestone,  but  whether 
of  the  primitive  crystalline  granular  transition,  or 
fletz  formation,  I  neither  know  or  care.  It  has 
several  sulphur  springs,  one  of  which,  near  Mar- 
tinsburg,  is  much  frequented.  In  riding  along  the 
road  on  Saturday  afternoon,  we  saw  about  a  dozen 
fine  tall  young  fellows,  in  white  shirts  and  trowsers, 
shooting  at  a  mark  with  rifles.  This  is  a  custom- 
ary recreation,  in  the  interior  of  this  State,  as  well 
as  in  the  western  country;  and  from  this  early 
habit  arises  that  fatal  precision  in  firing  which  cost 
the  enemy  so  dear  at  New-Orleans,  and  other 
places,  during  the  late  war.  While  this  practice 
continues,  and  every  man  can  keep  a  gun  without 
Vol.  II.  22 


248 

being  sent  to  Botany  Bay,  we  must  ever  possess  a 
decided  superiority  in  war,  over  other  nations, 
where  the  people  are  so  insensible  to  the  blessings 
they  enjoy  under  a  good  government,  that  they 
are  obliged  to  be  kept  withoui  arms,  for  fear  they 
should  be  stupid  enough  to  turn  them  against  their 
best  friends.  Our  good  people,  being  belter  satis- 
fied in  this  respect,  are  relied  on  for  the  defence 
of  their  government,  rather  than  feared  for  their 
hostility.  They  are  enjoined,  under  a  penalty,  to 
furnish  themselves  with  arms,  instead  of  being 
obliged  to  fill  their  gun-barrels  with  tallow,  and 
bury  them  in  bogs,  as  in  poor  Ireland,  that  unrea- 
sonable nation,  which  even  centuries  of  oppression 
have  not  yet  reconciled  to  bondage. 

Martinsburg,  where  we  dined  and  slept,  is  bedded 
in  limestone  rocks,  that  appear  in  various  fantastic 
forms  above  the  surface,  and  give  it  a  singular 
character  of  ruggedness.  The  waters  seem,  on 
some  occasion  long  past,  to  have  been  mightily 
troubled  in  this  place  ;  and  the  famous  geological 
crust  of  the  earth  has  tumbled  in  at  various  places 
very  abruptly,  causing  divers  holes  and  ravines, 
bedded  and  sided  with  limestone.  In  passing  from 
this  place  to  Harper's  Ferry,  for  the  first  time  in  my 


249 

life  I  began  to  tliiuk  seriously  that  there  was  some 
ground,  or  rather  some  water,  for  the  system  of 
Mynheer  Werner.  As  for  Oliver,  he  suddenly  re- 
lapsed into  the  dropsical  system,  and  deserted  from 
Doctor  Ilutton  to  honest  Mynheer  Werner.  The 
town  of  Martinsburg  is  situated  in  the  midst  of  a  rich 
and  beautiful  country,  exhibiting  the  bright  ver- 
dure and  variegated  surface  common  to  limestone 
countries,  and  glowing  with  golden  fields  of  wheat, 
— a  nobler  source  of  independence  to  their  own- 
ers, than  paper  banks,  or  mines  of  gold.  Many 
Q^uakers  are  settled  in  this  district  of  country  ;  and 
wherever  they  are,  peace,  industry,  and  all  the 
sober  habits  of  life  abide,  and  the  earth  is  sure  to 
put  forth  her  best  array.  Were  I  to  attempt  the 
personification  of  peace,  instead  of  the  olive- 
branch  and  the  cornucopiae,  I  would  take  the  sta- 
tue of  old  William  Penn,  as  it  stands  in  the  hos- 
pital-yard in  Philadelphia,  with  his  broad-brimmed 
hat,  and  coat  without  buttons. 

I  must  not  forget  to  tell  you  that  the  only  vest- 
ige of  ancient  chivalry  I  have  seen  in  all  Virginia, 
occurred  at  Martinsburg.  The  day  being  warm, 
we  were  sitting,  probably  to  the  number  of  twen- 
ty, on  benches,   at  the   shady  side  of  the  hotel, 


250 

fronting  on  one  of  the  principal  streets,  when  a 
man  rode  furiously  by  on  horseback,  and  swore 

*'  he'd  be  d l1  if  he  could  not  lick  any  man  who 

dared  to  crook  his  elbow  at  him."  This,  it  seems, 
is  equivalent  to  throwing  the  glove  in  days  of 
yore,  or  to  the  boyish  custom  of  knocking  a  chip 
off  the  shoulder;  but,  alas!  well  was  it  said  by 
Neddy  Burke,  the  days  of  chivalry  are  gone, — 
and  may  they  never  return,  say  I.  Instead  of  ten 
thousand  fists  leaping  from  the  pockets  of  the  su- 
pine spectators  of  this  magnanimous  outrage,  they 
affected  to  take  no  notice  of  it ;  and,  by  heaven ! 
not  one  accepted  the  challenge !  Degenerate 
days ! — and  how  unlike  the  fabled  times,  when 
such  a  gallant  raid  as  this  would,  according  to  Dr. 
Morse,  have  cost  many  an  eye,  and  many  a  bloody, 
nose. 

After  stopping  a  little  while  at  Shepherdstown, 
a  neat  village  on  the  banks  of  the  Potomac,  we 
proceeded  to  this  place,  where  we  arrived  at  four 
o'clock,  and  decided  to  stay  a  day  or  two,  as  it 
suits  both  Oliver's  taste  and  mine ;  his,  because  it 
is  a  capital  place  for  finding  out  how  the  world 
was  made ;  and  mine,  because  it  exhibits  a  com- 
bination of  natural  beauties,  to  be  met  with  in  no 


251 

other  place,  that  I  have  seen.  Mr.  Jefl'erson  has 
sketched  it  with  a  few  masterly  touches ;  but  luck- 
ily for  us  travellers,  he  has  rather  given  its  effect 
on  the  imagination  than  the  senses.  The  minute 
description  of  the  scene,  as  it  presents  itself  on  a 
more  particular  examination,  remain  to  those  who 
come  after  him,  and  to  these  I  shall  confine  my- 
self. I  love  to  explore  these  grand  and  beautiful 
scenes  of  nature,  and  to  excite  the  curiosity  of 
others  to  do  the  same ;  for  I  know  of  no  source  of 
pleasure  more  pure,  or  more  likely  to  draw  the 
mind  from  debasing  contemplations,  or  sensual 
pleasures.  The  voice  of  nature,  uttered  amid  rocks, 
and  mountains,  and  roaring  floods,  is  the  voice  of 
God,  and  as  we  listen  to  it,  we  become  wiser  and 
better.  I  shall  never  think  myself  destitute  of 
virtuous  feeling,  while  I  can  enjoy,  with  enthusi- 
asm, the  charms  of  nature.  To  you,  who  have 
seen  nothing  like  Harper's  Ferry,  the  description 
may  be  gratifying  ;  for  if,  as  is  generally  the  case 
with  descriptions,  it  conveys  no  definite  picture 
to  your  mind,  it  may  chance  to  tickle  your  fancy, 
which  is  just  as  well. 

We  had  been  told,  by  several  persons,  that  Mr. 
Jefferson's  sketch  of  this  place  was  highly  exagr 


252 

gerated,  and  that  it  would  by  no  means  realize  oar 
anticipations.  I  am  not  able  to  tell  what  may  have 
been  the  anticipations  of  other  people ;  but  cer- 
tainly, I  was  more  than  satisfied  with  the  reality. 
I  believe  it  will  be  found,  that  those  who  are  not 
familiar  with  the  higher  efforts  of  nature ;  who 
know  not,  by  experience,  the  limits  to  which  she 
is  generally  confined  in  all  her  operations,  almost 
always  create  to  themselves  disappointment,  by 
their  own  wild  and  undisciplined  expectations. 
Experience  having  furnished  them  with  no  stand- 
ard of  the  sublime  and  beautiful,  they  invariably 
substitute  the  creations  of  their  own  fancy  for  the 
descriptions  of  the  writer;  and  finding,  when  they 
come  to  see  it,  that  the  picture  was  overcharged, 
accuse  him  of  a  deception,  which,  in  fact,  is  prac- 
tised by  their  own  inexperienced  imagination.  I 
have  heard  people  say,  that  the  Falls  of  Niagara 
did  not  come  up  to  their  expectations;  and  could 
only  account  for  their  disappointment  by  supposing, 
what  was  undoubtedly  the  fact,  that  they  had 
formed  a  picture  in  the  imagination,  to  which  no- 
thing in  nature  afforded  any  analogy. 

The  stranger  will  find   here  many  interesting 
objects  not  noticed  by  Mr.  Jefferson,  and  he  will 


253 

not  find  many  things  described  by  others.  For 
instance,  the  Fall  of  thirty  feet,  perpendicular, 
noticed  by  Mr.  Wtld,  who,  it  is  believed,  never 
visited  this  place,  and  therefore  may  be  excused 
for  a  trifling  blunder  of  this  sort.  I  looked  hard 
for  it,  but  give  you  my  word,  it  eluded  all  my  re- 
searches, and  became  invisible,  like  many  other 
things  described  as  having  an  actual  existence  in 
this  country,  by  divers  travellers.  In  descending 
to  the  little  settlement  at  the  confluence  of  the 
Potomac  and  Shenandoah,  on  the  Virginia  side, 
just  at  the  turning  of  a  point  in  the  road,  which  is 
cut  or  worn  through  the  solid  rock,  the  chasm  in 
the  Blue  Ridge,  through  which  the  waters  flow, 
bursts  at  once  to  the  view.  It  is  faced,  on  either 
side,  by  two  most  lofty  barriers  of  solid  rock,  thai 
seem  to  have  arrested  the  wreck  of  the  mountain. 
They  are  both  rugged,  and  of  the  full  height  of 
sublimity; — that  on  the  Virginia  side  approaching 
a  perpendicular ;  the  other  passing  beyond  it,  and 
hovering  over  the  ferry-houae  with  tremendous 
threatenings. 

In  approaching  the  mountain  to  make  their  last 
effort  after  effecting  a  junction,  the  two  rivers, 
especially  the  Shenandoah,  have  had  mighty  strug- 


254 

gles,  and  have  scattered  the  rocks  and  hills  to  the 
winds  of  heaven  in  the  conflict.  The  rocks  are 
left  bare,  pointed,  projecting,  and  rugged,  as  if 
they  had  been  violently  broken  off  by  some  irre- 
sistible agency;  and  the  beds  of  the  river,  before 
and  after  their  junction,  are  composed  of  rocks 
above  and  under  the  surface,  through  which  the 
waters  roar  and  foam,  with  restless  and  terrible  im- 
petuosity, for  some  miles.  High  among  the  rocks, 
and  precipices,  are  a  number  of  cottages,  belong- 
ing to  the  workmen  at  the  armoury;  and  higher 
still,  on  the  summit  of  the  cliff,  resides  the  Ame- 
rican eagle,  emblem  of  our  freedom,  which  is 
unassailable  as  the  rock  on  whose  side  he  builds 
his  nest.  Here  he  rests  safe  from  every  dangeri. 
since  no  sportsman  from  above  or  below  can  reach 
him. 

There  is  a  variety,  a  succession,  and  an  infinite 
combination  of  objects,  in  this  place,  and  its  im- 
mediate neighbourhood,  sufficient  to  give  occupa- 
tion and  interest  to  several  days.  Three  accessible 
points,  however,  present,  in  my  mind,  the  finest 
views  that  are  to  be  seen,  except  from  the  summit 
of  the  cliffs,  whither  none  but  very  enterprising 
travellers  attempt  to  ascend.     The  one  is  from: a 


255 

gery  singular  rock,  called  Jefferson's  Rock,  in 
compliment  to  the  late  president.  This  juts  out 
at  the  side  of  a  steep  hill,  a  little  way  up  the  She- 
nandoah, and  from  it  there  i%  a  fine  view  of  the 
chasm  in  the  mountain,  and  the  noble  landscape 
seen  through  the  vista.  The  opposite  side  of  the 
river  is  strikingly  grand,  consisting  of  a  mountain 
almost  perpendicular,  in  some  places,  formed  of 
bare  rocks,  in  others,  covered  with  dark  and  me- 
lancholy pines.  Above,  the  waters  fret  and  foam, 
among  rocks  and  little  verdent  isles;  and  just 
opposite  is  the  Shenandoah  Ferry,  where  the  wa- 
ter subsides  into  a  little  basin,  and  flows  smoothly 
to  meet  the  Potomac. 

The  second  point  of  view  is  just  under  the  cliff 
on  the  Maryland  shore,  where  can  be  seen  the 
three  waters  before  and  after  their  junction ;  the 
little  town  lying  at  the  foot  of  the  hill,  and  behind 
it  a  number  of  beautiful  swelling  green  hills,  afford- 
ing a  fine  contrast  to  the  barren  and  grim  aspect 
of  the  broken  ridge  of  mountains.  The  emotions 
of  the  spectator  in  this  situation  are  heightened 
when  he  looks  up,  and  sees  the  tremendous  crag, 
hovering  directly  over  his  head.  The  third,  and 
I.  think  the  fi^nest  view  of  all,  is  from  one  of  the 


25G 

green  hills,  back  of  the  little  village,  on  whicli 
there  is  a  small  wooden  building,  called  the  maga- 
zine. It  discloses  the  windings  of  the  Potomac 
above,  where  it  becomes  a  quiet  stream,  clear  and 
smooth,  contrasted  with  its  rough  tumultuous 
course  below;  and  combines  a  view  of  the  broken 
chasm,  and  opening  vista,  with  a  distant  amphi- 
theatre of  mountains,  far  in  the  west,  rising  one 
above  the  other,  and  presenting,  in  their  mellow- 
ing shades,  and  harmonious,  undulating  outlines, 
images  of  peace  and  repose,  to  sooth  the  mind  in 
the  midst  of  this  wreck  of  nature.  There  is  a 
canal  on  either  side  of  the  Potomac.  The  bank 
of  that  on  the  Virginia  side,  affords  a  most  roman- 
tic walk,  rendered  interesting  by  the  rough  passage 
of  the  river  on  one  side,  and  by  the  broken  cliffs 
overhanging  the  other.  Under  one  of  these  ledges 
stands  a  little  white  cottage,  so  singularly  pictur- 
esque as  to  deserve  a  description.  It  is  built  in  a 
pretty  taste,  and  is  literally  canopied  by  a  project- 
ing ledge  of  rock,  the  top  of  which  being  flat, 
there  is  a  little  garden  on  it,  in  which  I  observed 
rosebushes,  and  beds  of  flowers.  Before  it  is  a 
little  grass-plot,  bordered  by  the  canal.  Will  not 
the  muse  of  this  new  world,  think  you,  one  day  or 


257 

other,  awaken  in  these  beautiful  scenes,  and  illus- 
trate them  in  strains  that  will  make  them  classical 
at  some  future  period,  like  those  of  Greece,  Italy, 
and  Scotland  ?  The  same  beauty  ought  to  inspire 
the  same  enthusiasm  every  where;  and  the  same 
enthusiasm  will,  sooner  or  later,  produce  the  same 
effects.  As  yet  we  have  not  struck  the  harp  whose 
strings  vibrate  in  unison  with  the  chords  of  our 
hearts.  Thfr  genius  that  has  awakened  in  our 
country,  is  not  the  genius  of  America,  but  a 
mongrel  imitative  creature,  expatriated  in  his 
aflections,  and  incapable  of  connecting  the  poetry 
of  the  country  with  the  feelings,  attachments,  and 
associations  of  the  people  for  whom  he  affects  to 
write.  But  the  time  will  come,  when  some  cho- 
sen genius  will  find  the  secret  of  obtaining  a  repu- 
tation coexistent  with  the  duration  of  this  country, 
not  so  much  by  writing  better  poetry  than  other 
men,  as  by  the  addressing  his  lines  to  the  hearts 
of  his  countrymen.  He  who  wishes  for  a  lasting 
fame,  must  write  for  his  countrymen,  and  not  for 
foreign  critics. 

About  six  miles  up  the  river  there  is  an  ore- 
bank,  belonging  to  the  government,  which  I 
thought  a  great  curiosity,  until  Oliver  convinced 


258 

me  to  the  contrary,  by  proving  that  several  learn- 
ed professors  had  accounted  for  such  formations 
in   the  most  satisfactory  manner.     Happy  igno- 
rance !  that  can  sometimes  wonder  at  things,  that 
the   learned  consider   as  mere   trifles.     The  ore 
lays  in  a  bed  of  yellow  clay,  in  lumps  of  various 
sizes,  and    distinct   from  each    other.     Some  of 
these  exhibit  evident  traces  of  the  action  of  fire, 
and  came  very  near  bringing  Oliver  over  to  the 
Plutonian  system  again.      Clays,  of  various  and 
most  beautiful  tints,  are  mixed  with  these  masses 
of  ore ;  and   it   struck   me,  that  some    beautiful 
mineral  colours  might  be  obtained   here.     The 
bank  is  dug — I  beg  pardon,  excavated; — a  good 
writer  now-a-days,  you  know,  never  uses  a  mono- 
syllable when  he  can  get  a  long  word.     Our  lan- 
guage is  mightily  improved  of  late,  and  even  col- 
loquialisms have  become  scientific.     "  Mamma," 
said  a  little  girl  to  her  mother,  the   other  day, 
•*  matnma,  please  to  give  me  some  sugar  to  cor- 
rect the  acid  of  these  raspberries."      This  was 
called  sweetening,  in  my  time ;  but  see  what  it  is 
for  young  ladies  to  study  chymistry.     But  to  re- 
turn.    The  ore-bank  is  excavated  sixty  or  seven- 
ty feet,  and  is  still  unexhausted.     This  seems  the 


259 

easiest  way  of  procuring  iron-ore  that  I  have  seen. 
Our  little  excursion  to  this  place  was  rendered  in- 
teresting, by  the  company  of  a  botanical  gentle- 
man, whose  love  of  the  science  led  him  to  point  out 
various  plants  to  our  notice,  along  the  side  of  the 
river  and  canal,  and  to  explain  their  nature  and 
qualities;  so  that  we  received  a  lecture  on  botany, 
illustrated  by  real  specimens,  instead  of  pretty 
transparencies.  This  gentleman's  name  is  seldom 
seen  in  the  newspapers — unlike  that  of  our  friend 
the  mammoth  professor ;  neither  is  he,  I  believe, 
a  member  of  forty  societies.  He  resides  con- 
stantly at  this  place,  cultivating  his  favourite 
science,  together  with  a  few  oddities — which,  as 
they  injure  no  one,  every  man  has  a  right  to  in- 
dulge ;  and  has  found  the  way  to  reconcile  some 
of  the  most  inveterate  antipathies  of  nature.  It 
is  a  singular  fact,  that  I  saw  a  cat  purring  quietly 
in  one  corner  of  a  chimney  in  his  house,  while  in 
the  other  a  quail  was  sitting  on  its  nest,  appa- 
rently without  the  least  apprehension. 

To-morrow  we  shall  cross  the  ferry  into  Mary- 
land, and  so  on  towards  home.  As  the  remain- 
der of  our  journey  will  be  along  a  road  with 
which  you  are  already  acquainted,  and  through 

Vol.  II.  23 


260 

cities  you  have  heretofore  visited,  it  is  extremely 
probable  that  I  may  not  write  you  again  ;  unless  I 
stay  at  the  seat  of  government  until  congress 
meets,  when  I  shall  have  something  to  talk  about. 
1  shall  often  look  back  on  the  scenes  through 
which  I  have  lately  past,  and  long  remember  the 
period  of  my  life  employed  in  marking  it  as  one 
of  the  most  pleasant  of  my  life.  The  more  I  see 
of  my  country  and  my  countrymen,  the  more  I 
love  them  ;  and  I  am  satisfied,  that  nothing  but 
ignorance  of  each  other,  causes  those  stupid  mis- 
conceptions, unfounded  aspersions,  and  ridiculous 
antipathies,  that  still  subsist  between  the  different 
extremes  of  our  country.  A  little  social  inter- 
course would  do  away  all  these,  by  showing  dis- 
tinctly to  all,  that  there  may  be  a  difference  in 
people,  without  any  inferiority  on  either  part ;  and 
that  in  every  class  and  every  climate,  there  is 
enough  of  a  family  likeness  to  demonstrate  us  to 
he  one  people.     Farewell. 


FINIS. 


