LIBRARY 


UNIVERSITY  QF  CALIFORNIA. 


. 


;  Class 


V£ 

^**r' 


MEMOIRS 


UK 


JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS, 


COMPRISING    PORTIONS    OF 


HIS    DIARY    FROM    1795    TO    1848. 


EDITED    BY 

CHARLES   FRANCIS   ADAMS. 


VOL.  V. 


PHILADELPHIA 

J.    B.    LIPPINCOTT 

1875- 


CO. 


j/Y 

v          'S    * 


Entered  according  to  Act  of  Congress,  in  the  year  1875,  by 

J.    B.    LIPPINCOTT    &    CO., 
In  the  Office  of  the  Librarian  of  Congress  at  Washington. 


TABLE    OF    CONTENTS. 


CHAPTER    XII.     ( Continued. } 


192704 


PAGE 


THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE — FIRST  TERM 3 

CHAPTER    XIII. 
THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE — SECOND  TERM     .         .  .         .        .317 


MEMOIRS 


OF 


JOHN    OUINCY    ADAMS. 


VOL.  V.  — I 


MEMOIRS  OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS. 


CHAPTER    XII.     (Continued.} 

THE    DEPARTMENT    OF    STATE FIRST    TERM. 

March  1st,  1820. — I  was  at  the  President's.  The  Missouri 
slave  question  has  come  to  its  crisis  in  Congress.  The  ma 
jorities  in  the  two  Houses  are  on  opposite  sides,  and  there  are 
Committees  of  Conference  to  effect  a  compromise. 

2d.  The  compromise  of  the  slave  question  was  this  day  com 
pleted  in  Congress.  The  Senate  have  carried  their  whole  point, 
barely  consenting  to  the  formality  of  separating  the  bill  for  the 
admission  of  the  State  of  Maine  into  the  Union  from  that  for 
authorizing  the  people  of  the  Territory  of  Missouri  to  form 
a  State  Government.  The  condition  that  slavery  should  be 
prohibited  by  their  Constitution,  which  the  House  of  Repre 
sentatives  had  inserted,  they  have  abandoned.  Missouri  and 
Arkansas  will  be  slave  States,  but  to  the  Missouri  bill  a  section 
is  annexed,  prohibiting  slavery  in  the  remaining  part  of  the 
Louisiana  cession  north  of  latitude  36°  30'.  This  compro 
mise,  as  it  is  called,  was  finally  carried  this  evening  by  a  vote 
of  ninety  to  eighty-seven  in  the  House  of  Representatives, 
after  successive  days  and  almost  nights  of  stormy  debate. 

3d.  Went  with  Mrs.  Adams  to  the  Capitol  Hill,  and  viewed 
Sully's  picture  of  the  passage  of  the  Delaware  by  General 
Washington,  25th  December,  1776,  now  exhibited  in  the  build 
ing  lately  occupied  by  the  two  Houses  of  Congress.  As  a 
picture  of  men,  and  especially  of  horses  as  large  as  life,  it  has 

3 


A  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

merit,  but  there  is  nothing  in  it  that  marks  the  scene  or  the 
crisis.  The  principal  figure  is  the  worst  upon  the  canvas — 
badly  drawn,  badly  colored,  without  likeness  and  without  char 
acter.  While  we  were  there,  Jeremiah  Nelson,  a  member  of 
the  House  from  Massachusetts,  came  in  and  told  us  of  John 
Randolph's  motion  this  morning  to  reconsider  one  of  the  votes 
of  yesterday  upon  the  Missouri  bill,  and  of  the  trickery  by 
which  his  motion  was  defeated  by  the  Speaker's  declaring  it 
not  in  order  when  first  made,  the  journal  of  yesterday's  pro 
ceedings  not  having  been  then,  read;  and  while  they  were 
reading,  the  Clerk  of  the  House  carried  the  bills  as  passed 
by  the  House  to  the  Senate,  so  that  when  Randolph,  after 
the  reading  of  the  journals,  renewed  his  motion,  it  was  too 
late,  the  papers  being  no  longer  in  the  possession  of  the 
House. 

And  so  it  is  that  a  law  for  perpetuating  slavery  in  Missouri, 
and  perhaps  in  North  America,  has  been  smuggled  through 
both  Houses  of  Congress.  I  have  been  convinced  from  the 
first  starting  of  this  question  that  it  could  not  end  otherwise. 
The  fault  is  in  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States,  which 
has  sanctioned  a  dishonorable  compromise  with  slavery.  There 
is  henceforth  no  remedy  for  it  but  a  new  organization  of  the 
Union,  to  effect  which  a  concert  of  all  the  white  States  is  indis 
pensable.  Whether  that  can  ever  be  accomplished  is  doubtful. 
It  is  a  contemplation  not  very  creditable  to  human  nature  that 
the  cement  of  common  interest  produced  by  slavery  is  stronger 
and  more  solid  than  that  of  unmingled  freedom.  In  this  in 
stance  the  slave  States  have  clung  together  in  one  unbroken 
phalanx,  and  have  been  victorious  by  the  means  of  accomplices 
and  deserters  from  the  ranks  of  freedom.  Time  only  can  show 
whether  the  contest  may  ever  be  with  equal  advantage  renewed. 
But  so  polluted  are  all  the  streams  of  legislation  in  regions  of 
slavery,  that  this  bill  has  been  obtained  only  by  two  as  unprin 
cipled  artifices  as  dishonesty  ever  devised  :  one,  by  coupling  it 
as  an  appendage  to  the  bill  for  admitting  Maine ;  and  the  other, 
by  this  outrage  perpetrated  by  the  Speaker  upon  the  rules  of 
the  House. 

When  I  came  this  day  to  my  office,  I  found  there  a  note 


1 820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  5 

requesting  me  to  call  at  one  o'clock  at  the  President's  house. 
It  was  then  one,  and  I  immediately  went  over.  He  expected 
that  the  two  bills,  for  the  admission  of  Maine,  and  to  enable 
Missouri  to  make  a  Constitution,  would  have  been  brought  to 
him  for  his  signature,  and  he  had  summoned  all  the  members 
of  the  Administration  to  ask  their  opinions  in  writing,  to  be 
deposited  in  the  Department  of  State,  upon  two  questions:  I, 
Whether  Congress  had  a  Constitutional  right  to  prohibit  slavery 
in  a  Territory;  and  2,  Whether  the  eighth  section  of  the  Mis 
souri  bill  (which  interdicts  slavery  forever  in  the  Territory  north 
of  thirty-six  and  a  half  latitude)  was  applicable  only  to  the 
Territorial  State,  or  could  extend  to  it  after  it  should  become 
a  State. 

As  to  the  first  question,  it  was  unanimously  agreed  that 
Congress  have  the  power  to  prohibit  slavery  in  the  Territories; 
and  yet  neither  Crawford,  Calhoun,  nor  Wirt  could  find  any 
express  power  to  that  effect  given  in  the  Constitution ;  and 
Wirt  declared  himself  very  decidedly  against  the  admission  of 
any  implied  powers.  The  progress  of  this  discussion  has  so 
totally  merged  in  passion  all  the  reasoning  faculties  of  the 
slave-holders,  that  these  gentlemen,  in  the  simplicity  of  their 
hearts,  had  come  to  a  conclusion  in  direct  opposition  to  their 
premises,  without  being  aware  or  conscious  of  inconsistency. 
They  insisted  upon  it  that  the  clause  in  the  Constitution,  which 
gives  Congress  power  to  dispose  of  and  make  all  needful  rules 
and  regulations  respecting  the  territory  and  other  property  of 
the  United  States,  had  reference  to  it  only  as  land,  and  conferred 
no  authority  to  make  rules  binding  upon  its  inhabitants ;  and 
Wirt  added  the  notable  Virginian  objection,  that  Congress 
could  make  only  needful  rules  and  regulations,  and  that  a  pro 
hibition  of  slavery  was  not  needful.  Their  argument,  as  Ran 
dolph  said  of  it  in  the  House,  covered  the  whole  ground,  and 
their  compromise,  measured  by  their  own  principles,  is  a  sacri 
fice  of  what  they  hold  to  be  the  Constitution.  I  had  no  doubt 
of  the  right  of  Congress  to  interdict  slavery  in  the  Territories, 
and  urged  that  the  power  contained  in  the  term  "  dispose  of" 
included  the  authority  to  do  everything  that  could  be  done 
with  it  as  mere  property,  and  that  the  additional  words,  author- 


6  MEMOIRS  OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS,  [March, 

izing  needful  rules  and  regulations  respecting  it,  must  have 
reference  to  persons  connected  with  it,  or  could  have  no  mean 
ing  at  all.  As  to  the  force  of  the  term  needful,  I  observed,  it 
was  relative,  and  must  always  be  supposed  to  have  reference  to 
some  end.  Needful  to  what  end?  Needful  in  the  Constitution 
of  the  United  States  to  any  of  the  ends  for  which  that  compact 
was  formed.  Those  ends  are  declared  in  its  preamble ;  to 
establish  justice,  for  example.  What  can  be  more  needful  for 
the  establishment  of  justice  than  the  interdiction  of  slavery 
where  it  does  not  exist  ? 

As  to  the  second  question,  my  opinion  was  that  the  interdic 
tion  of  slavery  in  the  eighth  section  of  the  bill  forever  would 
apply  and  be  binding  upon  the  State  as  well  as  the  Territory, 
because,  by  its  interdiction  in  the  Territory,  the  people,  when 
they  come  to  form  a  Constitution,  would  have  no  right  to 
sanction  slavery. 

Crawford  said  that  in  the  new  States  which  have  been  ad 
mitted  into  the  Union  upon  the  express  condition  that  their 
Constitutions  should  consist  with  the  perpetual  interdiction  of 
slavery,  it  might  be  sanctioned  by  an  ordinary  Act  of  their 
Legislatures. 

I  said  that  whatever  a  State  Legislature  might  do  in  point  of 
fact,  they  could  not,  by  any  rightful  exercise  of  power,  establish 
slavery.  The  Declaration  of  Independence  not  only  asserts 
the  natural  equality  of  all  men,  and  their  inalienable  right  to 
liberty,  but  that  the  only  just  powers  of  government  are  de 
rived  from  the  consent  of  the  governed.  A  power  for  one  part 
of  the  people  to  make  slaves  of  the  other  can  never  be  derived 
from  consent,  and  is,  therefore,  not  a  just  power. 

Crawford  said  this  was  the  opinion  that  had  been  attributed 
to  Mr.  King. 

I  said  it  was  undoubtedly  the  opinion  of  Mr.  King,  and  it 
was  mine.  I  did  not  want  to  make  a  public  display  of  it  where 
it  might  excite  irritation,  but,  if  called  upon  officially  for  it,  I 
should  not  withhold  it.  But  the  opinion  was  not  peculiar  to 
Mr.  King  and  me.  It  was  an  opinion  universal  in  the  States 
where  there  are  no  slaves.  It  was  the  opinion  of  all  those 
members  of  Congress  who  voted  for  the  restriction  upon  Mis- 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  j 

souri,  and  of  many  of  those  who  voted  against  it.  As  to  the 
right  of  imposing  the  restriction  upon  a  State,  the  President 
had  signed  a  bill  with  precisely  such  a  restriction  upon  the 
State  of  Illinois.  Why  should  the  question  be  made  now 
which  was  not  made  then  ? 

Crawford  said  that  was  done  in  conformity  to  the  compact 
of  the  Ordinance  of  1787;  and,  besides,  the  restriction  was  a 
nullity,  not  binding  upon  the  Legislatures  of  those  States. 

I  did  not  reply  to  the  assertion  that  a  solemn  compact, 
announced  before  heaven  and  earth  in  the  Ordinance  of  1787, 
a  compact  laying  the  foundation  of  security  to  the  most  sacred 
rights  of  human  nature  against  the  most  odious  of  oppressions, 
a  compact  solemnly  renewed  by  the  Acts  of  Congress  enabling 
the  States  of  Ohio,  Indiana,  and  Illinois  to  form  State  Govern 
ments,  and  again  by  the  acts  for  admitting  those  States  into  the 
Union,  was  a  nullity,  which  the  Legislatures  of  either  of  those 
States  may  at  any  time  disregard  and  trample  uhderfoot/it 
\7as-5icfcening  to  my  soul  to  hear  the  assertion ;  but  to  have 
discussed  it  there  would  have  been  useless,  and  only  have  kin 
dled  in  the  bosom  of  the  Executive  the  same  flame  which  had 
been  raging  in  Congress  and  in  the  country.  Its  discussion 
was  unnecessary  to  the  decision  of  the  question  proposed  by 
the  President.  I  therefore  only  said  that  •  the  Ordinance  of 
1787  had  been  passed  by  the  old  Congress  of  the  Confedera 
tion  without  authority  from  the  States,  but  had  been  tacitly 
confirmed  by  the  adoption  of  the  present  Constitution,  and  the 
authority  given  to  Congress  in  it  to  make  needful  rules  and 
regulations  for  the  Territory.  I  added  that  in  one  of  the  num 
bers  of  The  Federalist  there  was  an  admission  that  the  old 
Congress  had  passed  the  ordinance  without  authority  under 
an  impulse  of  necessity,  and  that  it  was  used  as  an  argument 
in  favor  of  the  enlarged  powers  granted  to  Congress  in  the 
Constitution. 

Crawford  said  it  could  therefore  have  little  weight  as  authority. 

I  replied  that  it  was  not  wanted  as  authority ;  that  when  the 
old  Confederation  was  adopted  the  United  States  had  no  terri 
tory.  Nor  was  there,  in  the  Act  of  Confederation  in  which  the 
powers  of  Congress  under  it  were  enumerated,  a  word  about 


3  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

territory.  But  there  was  a  clause  interdicting  to  Congress  the 
exercise  of  any  powers  not  expressly  given  them.  I  alluded  to 
the  origin  of  the  Confederation  with  our  Revolution  ;  to  the 
revolutionary  powers  exercised  by  Congress  before  the  Confed 
eration  was  adopted ;  to  the  question  whether  the  Northwestern 
Territory  belonged  to  the  United  States  or  the  separate  States  ; 
to  the  delays  occasioned  by  that  question  in  the  acceptance  of 
the  Confederation,  and  to  the  subsequent  cessions  of  territory 
by  several  States  to  the  Union,  which  gave  occasion  for  the 
Ordinance  of  1787;  to  all  which  Crawford  said  nothing. 

Wirt  said  that  he  perfectly  agreed  with  me,  that  there  could 
be  no  rightful  power  to  establish  slavery  where  it  was  "  res 
nova."  But  he  thought  it  would  not  be  the  force  of  the  Act 
of  Congress  that  would  lead  to  this  result;  the  principle  itself 
being  correct,  though  Congress  might  have  no  power  to  pre 
scribe  it  to  a  sovereign  State. 

To  this  my  reply  was,  that  the  power  of  establishing  slavery 
not  being  a  sovereign  power,  but  a  wrongful  and  despotic 
power,  Congress  had  a  right  to  say  that  no  State  undertaking 
to  establish  it  "de  novo"  should  be  admitted  into  the  Union; 
and  that  a  State  which  should  undertake  to  establish  it  would 
put  herself  out  of  the  pale  of  the  Union,  and  forfeit  all  the 
rights  and  privileges  of  the  connection. 

The  President  said  that  it  was  impossible  to  exclude  the 
principle  of  implied  powers  being  granted  to  Congress  by  the 
Constitution.  The  powers  of  sovereignty  were  distributed  be 
tween  the  General  and  State  Governments.  Extensive  powers^ 
were  given  in  general  terms ;  all  detailed  and  incidental  powers 
were  implied  in  the  general  grant.  Some  years  ago,  Congress 
had  appropriated  a  sum  of  money  to  the  relief  of  the  inhabitants 
of  Caraccas,  who  had  suffered  by  an  earthquake.  There  was 
no  express  grant  of  authority  to  apply  the  public  money  to 
such  a  purpose.  It  was  by  an  implied  power.  The  material 
question  was  only  when  the  power  supposed  to  be  implied 
came  in  conflict  with  rights  reserved  to  the  State  Governments. 
He  inclined  also  to  think  with  me,  that  the  rules  and  regula 
tions  which  Congress  were  authorized  to  make  for  the  Terri 
tories  must  be  understood  as  extending  to  their  inhabitants. 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  g 

And  he  recurred  to  the  history  of  the  Northwestern  Territory, 
the  cessions  by  the  several  States  to  the  Union,  and  the  contro 
versies  concerning  this  subject  during  our  Revolutionary  War. 
He  said  he  wished  the  written  opinion  of  the  members  of  the 
Cabinet,  without  discussion,  in  terms  as  short  as  it  could  be 
expressed,  and  merely  that  it  might  be  deposited  in  the  De 
partment  of  State. 

I  told  him  that  I  should  prefer  a  dispensation  from  answering 
the  second  question,  especially  as  I  should  be  alone  here  in  the 
opinion  which  I  entertained ;  for  Mr.  Thompson,  the  Secretary 
of  the  Navy,  cautiously  avoided  giving  any  opinion  upon  the 
question  of  natural  right,  but  assented  to  the  slave-sided  doc 
trine  that  the  eighth  section  of  the  bill,  word  forever  and  all, 
applied  only  to  the  time  and  condition  of  the  Territorial  Gov 
ernment.  I  said,  therefore,  that  if  required  to  give  my  opinion 
upon  the  second  question,  standing  alone,  it  would  be  necessary 
for  me  to  assign  the  reasons  upon  which  I  entertained  it. 

Crawford  saw  no  necessity  for  any  reasoning  about  it,  but  had 
no  objection  to  my  assigning  my  reasons. 

Calhoun  thought  it  exceedingly  desirable  that  no  such  argu 
ment  should  be  drawn  up  and  deposited.  He  therefore  sug 
gested  to  the  President  the  idea  of  changing  the  terms  of  the 
second  question,  so  that  it  should  be,  whether  the  eighth  section 
of  the  bill  was  consistent  with  the  Constitution ;  which  the 
other  members  of  the  Administration  might  answer  affirma 
tively,  assigning  their  reason,  because  they  considered  it  appli 
cable  only  to  the  Territorial  States,  while  I  could  answer  it  also 
affirmatively,  without  annexing  any  qualification. 

To  this  the  President  readily  assented,  and  I  as  readily 
agreed.  The  questions  are  to  be  framed  accordingly. 

This  occasion  has  remarkably  manifested  Crawford's  feelings, 
and  the  continually  kindling  intenseness  of  his  ambition.  I 
have  had  information  from  the  Governor  of  the  State  of  Indiana 
that  there  is  in  that  State  a  party  countenanced  and  supported 
by  Crawford,  whose  purpose  it  is  to  introduce  slavery  into  that 
State,  and  there  is  reason  to  believe  that  the  same  project  exists 
in  Ohio  and  Illinois.  This  avowed  opinion,  that  in  defiance  of 
the  Ordinance  of  1787,  and  of  the  laws  admitting  those  States 


I0  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUJNCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

into  the  Union,  slavery  may  be  established  in  either  of  those 
States  by  an  ordinary  Act  of  its  Legislature,  strongly  confirms 
the  impressions  of  him  communicated  to  me  by  the  Governor 
of  Indiana.  It  is  apparent  that  Crawford  is  already  aware  how 
his  canvass  for  the  Presidency  may  be  crossed  by  this  slavery 
contest.  The  violence  of  its  operation  upon  his  temper  is  such 
that  he  could  not  suppress  it. 

After  this  meeting,  I  walked  home  with  Calhoun,  who  said 
that  the  principles  which  I  had  avowed  were  just  and  noble; 
but  that  in  the  Southern  country,  whenever  they  were  men 
tioned,  they  were  always  understood  as  applying  only  to  white 
men.  Domestic  labor  was  confined  to  the  blacks,  and  such 
was  the  prejudice,  that  if  he,  who  was  the  most  popular  man 
in  his  district,  were  to  keep  a  white  servant  in  his  house,  his 
character  and  reputation  would  be  irretrievably  ruined.__ 

I  said  that  this  confounding  of  the  ideas  of  servitude  and 
labor  was  one  of  the  bad  effects  of  slavery;  but  he  thought  it 
attended  with  many  excellent  consequence's.  It  did  not  apply 
to  all  kinds  of  labor — not,  for  example,  to  farming.  He  him 
self  had  often  held  the  plough ;  so  had  his  father.  Manufac 
turing  and  mechanical  labor  was  not  degrading.  It  was  only 
manual  labor — the  proper  work  of  slaves.  No  white  person 
could  descend  to  that.  And  it  was  the  best  guarantee  to 
equality  among  the  whites.  It  produced  an  unvarying  level 
among  them.  It  not  only  did  not  excite,  but  did  not  even 
admit  of  inequalities,  by  which  one  white  man  could  domineer 
over  another. 

I  told  Calhoun  I  could  not  see  things  in  the  same  light.  It  is, 
in  truth,  all  perverted  sentiment — mistaking  labor  for  slavery, 
and  dominion  for  freedom.  The  discussion  of  this  Missouri 
question  has  betrayed  the  secret  of  their  souls.  In  the  abstract 
they  admit  that  slavery  is  an  evil,  they  disclaim  all  participation 
in  the  introduction  of  it,  and  cast  it  all  upon  the  shoulders  of 
our  old  Grandam  Britain.  But  when  probed  to  the  quick  upon 
it,  they  show  at  the  bottom  of  their  souls  pride  and  vainglory 
in  their  condition  of  masterdom.  They  fancy  themselves  more 
generous  and  noble-hearted  than  the  plain  freemen  who  labor 
for  subsistence.  They  look  down  upon  the  simplicity  of  a 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  T1 

Yankee's  manners,  because  he  has  no  foabits  of  overbearing  like 
theirs  and  cannot  treat  negroes  like  dogs.  It  is  among  the  i 
evils  of  slavery  that  it  taints  the  very  sources  of  moral  princi-  \ 
pie.  It  establishes  false  estimates  of  virtue  and  vice;  for  what 
can  be  more  false  and  heartless  than  this  doctrine  which  makes 
the  first  and  holiest  rights  of  humanity  to  depend  upon  the 
color  of  the  skin?  It  perverts  human  reason,  and  reduces 
man  endowed  with  logical  powers  to  maintain  that  slavery  is 
sanctioned  by  the  Christian  religion,  that  slaves  are  happy  and 
contented  in  their  condition,  that  between  master  and  slave 
there  are  ties  of  mutual  attachment  and  affection,  that  the  vir 
tues  of  the  master  are  refined  and  exalted  by  the  degradation 
of  the  slave  ;  while  at  the  same  time  they  vent  execrations  upon 
the  slave-trade,  curse  Britain  for  having  given  them  slaves, 
burn  at  the  stake  negroes  convicted  of  crimes  for  the  terror  of 
the  example,  and  writhe  in  agonies  of  fear  at  the  very  mention 
of  human  rights  as  applicable  to  men  of  color.  The  impres-  | 
sion  produced  upon  my  mind  by  the  progress  of  this  discus 
sion  is,  that  the  bargain  between  freedom  and  slavery  contained 
in*the  Constitution  of  the  United  States  is  morally  and  politi 
cally  vicious,  inconsistent  with  the  principles  upon  which  alone 
our  Revolution  can  be  justified ;  cruel  and  oppressive,  by  riveting 
the  chains  of  slavery,  by  pledging  the  faith  of  freedom  to  main 
tain  and  perpetuate  the  tyranny  of  the  master;  and  grossly 
unequal  and  impolitic,  by  admitting  that  slaves  are  at  once 
enemies  to  be  kept  in  subjection,  property  to  be  secured  or 
restored  to  their  owners,  and  persons  not  to  be  represented 
themselves,  but  for  whom  their  masters  are  privileged  with 
nearly  a  double  share  of  representation.  The  consequence  has 
been  that  this  slave  ^representation  has  governed  the  Union. 
Benjamin  portioned  above  his  brethren  has  ravined  as  a  wolf. 
In  the  morning  he  has  devoured  the  prey,  and  at  night  he  has 
divided  the  spoil.  It  would  be  no  difficult  matter  to  prove,  by 
reviewing  the  history  of  the  Union  under  this  Constitution,  that 
almost  everything  which  has  contributed  to  the  honor  and  wel 
fare  of  the  nation  has  been  accomplished  in  despite  of  them  or 
forced  upon  them,  and  that  everything  unpropitious  and  dis 
honorable,  including  the  blunders  and  follies  of  their  adversa- 


12  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

ries,  may  be  traced  to  them.  I.  have  favored  this  Missouri 
compromise,  believing  it  to  be  all  that  could  be  effected  under 
the  present  Constitution,  and  from  extreme  unwillingness  to  put 
the  Union  at  hazard.  But  perhaps  it  would  have  been  a  wiser 
as  well  as  a  bolder  course  to  have  persisted  in  the  restriction 
upon  Missouri,  till  it  should  have  terminated  in  a  convention  of 
the  States  to  revise  and  amend  the  Constitution.  This  would 
have  produced  a  new  Union  of  thirteen  or  fourteen  States  un 
polluted  with  slavery,  with  a  great  and  glorious  object  to  effect, 
namely,  that  of  rallying  to  their  standard  the  other  States  by 
the  universal  emancipation  of  their  slaves.  If  the  Union  must 
be  dissolved,  slavery  is  precisely  the  question  upon  which  it 
ought  to  break.  For  the  present,  however,  this  contest  is  laid 
asleep.1 

4th.  King  apparently  came  to  talk  with  me  of  the  compro 
mise  and  the  Maine  and  Missouri  bills.  There  were,  however, 
so  many  persons  present  that  he  said  but  little.  He  is  deeply 
mortified  at  the  issue,  and  very  naturally  feels  resentful  at  the 
imputations  of  the  slave-holders,  that  his  motives  on  this  occa 
sion  have  been  merely  of  personal  aggrandizement — "  close 

1  This  sleep  lasted  about  twenty-eight  years,  The  writer  was  sagacious  enough 
to  foresee  that  a  compact  resting  upon  no  solid  principle  either  in  morals  or  poli 
tics  could  not  be  permanent.  His  own  subsequent  action  will  appear  in  the  later 
portion  of  this  publication.  When  this  dispute  reappeared  in  the  form  known  as 
the  Wilmot  Proviso,  he  was  no  longer  living.  But  an  application  was  made  to 
me  by  Mr.  J.  A.  Dix,  then  holding  a  seat  in  the  Senate  of  the  United  States,  for 
any  information  I  might  be  willing  to  furnish,  from  the  papers  entrusted  to  me  by 
his  last  will,  to  revive  the  recollection  of  the  mode  in  which  the  original  compro 
mise  had  been  made.  The  result  was  a  communication  to  him  of  the  chief  pas 
sages  in  this  diary  relating  to  the  subject,  as  they  now  appear  in  the  text.  Mr. 
Dix  made  use  of  them,  one  consequence  of  which  was  a  vehement  denunciation 
by  Mr.  Lewis  Cass,  likewise  a  Senator  at  that  time,  as  well  of  the  author  for  writing 
such  sentiments,  as  of  myself  for  suffering  them  to  be  made  public.  His  remarks 
may  be  found  in  a  very  elaborate  speech,  reported  in  the  appendix  to  the  Congres 
sional  Globe,  volume  xxii.,  part  I,  pp.  58—73;  a  speech,  it  may  be  observed,  which 
assumed  as  its  basis  a  patriotic  duty  of  discussing  a  subject  like  that,  with  its  chief 
and  most  mischievous  element  carefully  kept  out  of  view.  A  quarter  of  a  century 
has  since  passed  away,  and  the  barren  argument  of  policy  in  the  Globe  fades  away 
under  the  light  of  recent  events.  Meanwhile,  the  fearful  problem  presented  by  Mr. 
Adams  has  been  solved,  at  a  prodigious  cost  of  blood  and  treasure,  without  paying 
the  penalty  of  the  disruption  of  the  Union,  which  he  held  as  inseparable  from 


1820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

ambition  varnished  o'er  with  zeal."  This  imputation  of  bad 
motives  is  one  of  the  most  envenomed  weapons  of  political  and 
indeed  of  every  sort  of  controversy.  It  came  originally  from 
the  devil:  "  Doth  Job  fear  God  for  nought?"  The  selfish  and 
the  social  passions  are  intermingled  in  the  conduct  of  every 
man  acting  in  a  public  capacity.  It  is  right  that  they  should 
be  so,  and  it  is  no  just  cause  of  reproach  to  any  man  that  in 
promoting  to  the  utmost  of  his  power  the  public  good,  he  is 
desirous  at  the  same  time  of  promoting  his  own.  There  are, 
no  doubt,  hypocrites  of  humanity  as  well  as  of  religion — men 
with  cold  hearts  and  warm  professions,  trading  upon  benevo 
lence,  and  using  justice  and  virtue  as  the  stakes  upon  the  turn 
of  a  card  or  the  cast  of  a  die.  But  this  sort  of  profligacy  be 
longs  to  a  state  of  society  more  deeply  corrupted  than  ours. 
Such  characters  are  rare  among  us.  Many  of  our  public  men 
have  principles  too  pliable  to  popular  impulse,  but  few  are 
deliberately  dishonest;  and  there  is  not  a  man  in  the  Union 
of  purer  integrity  than  Rufus  King. 

5th.  The  President  sent  me  yesterday  the  two  questions  in 
writing  upon  which  he  desired  to  have  answers  in  writing, 
to  be  deposited  in  the  Department  of  State.  He  wrote  me 
that  it  would  be  in  time  if  he  should  have  the  answers  to 
morrow.  The  first  question  is  in  general  terms,  as  it  was 
stated  at  the  meeting  on  Friday.  The  second  was  modified 
to  an  enquiry  whether  the  eighth  section  of  the  Missouri  bill 
is  consistent  with  the  Constitution.  To  this  I  can  without 
hesitation  answer  by  a  simple  affirmative,  and  so,  after  some 
reflection,  I  concluded  to  answer  both.  It  was  said  that  in  the 
hottest  paroxysm  of  the  Missouri  question  in  the  Senate,  James 
Barbour,  one  of  the  Virginia  Senators,  was  going  round  to  all 
the  free-State  members  and  proposing  to  them  to  call  a  con 
vention  of  the  States  to  dissolve  the  Union,  and  agree  upon 
the  terms  of  separation  and  the  mode  of  disposing  of  the 
public  debt  and  of  the  lands,  and  make  other  necessary  ar 
rangements  of  disunion.  Dana  said  he  told  him  that  he  was 
not  for  calling  a  convention  to  separate,  but  he  had  no  objec 
tion  to  a  convention  to  form  a  more  perfect  union.  I  observed 
that  I  thought  a  convention  might,  in  the  course  of  a  few  years, 


!4  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

be  found  necessary  to  remedy  the  great  imperfections  of  the 
present  system,  and  that  it  might  be  called  whenever  a  ma 
jority  of  the  people  should  become  convinced  of  its  necessity. 
I  added  that  there  were  three  subjects,  each  of  which  might 
produce  a  state  of  things  issuing  in  such  a  necessity.  One 
was,  the  regulation  of  the  currency,  banks,  and  paper  money  ; 
another,  the  impotence  of  the  National  Government  to  make 
internal  improvements  by  roads  and  canals ;  and  the  third  was 
slavery.  The  idea  that  a  majority  of  the  people  might  hold  a 
convention  appeared  to  startle  some  of  the  gentlemen,  and  par 
ticularly  Mr.  Thompson.  It  is  nevertheless  sound  Constitu 
tional  doctrine. 

6th.  Mr.  George  A.  Otis  came  to  me  at  the  office,  and  kept 
me  two  hours  talking  of  his  translations  of  the  Abbe  de  Pradt 
and  of  Botta's  History  of  the  American  Revolution.  I  had 
lent  him  my  French  translation  of  Botta,  and  he  now  askecl  me 
for  advice  with  regard  to  his  own.  He  intimated  the  intention 
of  writing  an  introduction  to  his  translation — a  plan  which 
I  thought  might  be  executed  in  an  interesting  manner  by  a 
critical  review  of  the  other  historians  of  the  same  period. 
There  were  historians  of  the  American  Revolution,  British, 
American,  and  French,  each  of  whom  told  the  story  in  his 
own  way.  Botta  was  an  Italian — of  a  nation  entirely  neutral 
to  the  war.  It  must  be  an  interesting  and  instructive  subject 
to  compare  the  narratives  of  all  these  different  writers,  each  of 
whom  would  naturally  see  the  events  in  different  lights  and 
array  them  in  different  colors.  I  named  to  him  Stedman, 
Andrews,  Gordon,  Ramsay,  The  Annual  Register,  Marshall's 
Life  of  Washington,  Adolphus  and  Bissett's  Reign  of  George 
the  Third,  and  Soules.  He  took  minutes  of  the  books  ;  but 
of  his  competency  to  make  the  comparison  the  proof  is  yet 
to  appear. 

I  took  to  the  President's  my  answers  to  his  two  Constitu 
tional  questions,  and  he  desired  me  to  have  them  deposited  in 
the  Department,  together  with  those  of  the  other  members  of 
the  Administration.  They  differed  only  as  they  assigned  their 
reason  for  thinking  the  eighth  section  of  the  Missouri  bill 
consistent  with  the  Constitution,  because  they  considered  it 


1 820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  l$ 

as  applying  only  to  the  territorial  term;  and  I  barely  gave 
my  opinion,  without  assigning  for  it  any  explanatory  reason.1 
The  President  signed  the  Missouri  bill  this  morning. 

/th.  Captain  O'Brien  came  to  the  office  to  talk  about  his 
claims,  and  the  final  decision  of  the  Missouri  question,  and  the 
politics  of  Pennsylvania.  The  most  remarkable  circumstance 
in  the  history  of  this  transaction  is  that  it  was  ultimately  car 
ried  against  the  opinions,  wishes,  and  interests  of  the  free 
States  by  the  votes  of  their  own  members.  They  have  a  de 
cided  majority  in  both  Houses  of  Congress,  but  lost  the  vote 
by  disunion.  The  slave-holders  clung  together  without  losing 
one  vote.  Many  of  them,  and  almost  all  the  Virginians,  held 
out  to  the  last  even  against  the  compromise.  The  cause  of 
this  closer  union  on  the  slavish  side  is,  that  the  question  af 
fected  the  individual  interest  of  every  slave-holding  member 
and  of  almost  every  one  of  his  constituents.  On  the  other 
side,  individual  interests  were  not  implicated  in  the  decision 
at  all.  Thejmpulses  were  pure  republican  principle  and  the 
rights  of  human  nature.  /The  struggle  for  political  power  and 
geographical  jealousy  may  fairly  be  supposed  to  have  oper 
ated  equally  on  both  sidesj  The  result  affords  an  illustration 
of  the  remark,  how  much  more  keen  and  powerful  the  impulse 
is  of  personal  interest  than  is  that  of  any  general  consideration 
of  benevolence  or  humanity. 

9th.  Samuel  Lawrence  Gouverneur,  of  New  York,  was  this 
day  married  to  Maria  Hester  Monroe,  the  President's  youngest 
daughter.  The  parties  are  cousins  by  the  mother's  side,  and 
Gouverneur  has  been  nearly  these  two  years  in  the  President's 
family,  acting  as  his  private  Secretary.  There  has  been  some 
further  question  of  etiquette  upon  this  occasion.  The  foreign 
Ministers  were  uncertain  whether  it  was  expected  they  should 
pay  their  compliments  on  the  marriage  or  not,  and  Poletica, 
the  Russian  Minister,  made  the  enquiry  of  Mrs.  Adams.  She 
applied  to  Mrs.  Hay,  the  President's  eldest  daughter,  who  has 
lived  in  his  house  ever  since  he  has  been  President,  but  never 

1  It  is  a  singular  circumstance  that  when,  in  consequence  of  the  publication  of  this 
passage,  search  was  made  in  the  Department  of  State  for  these  papers,  nothing  was 
found  but  what  appeared  to  have  been  an  envelope  referring  to  them  as  enclosed. 


!5  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

visits  at  the  houses  of  any  of  the  foreign  Ministers,  because 
their  ladies  did  not  pay  her  first  visits.  Mrs.  Hay  thought  her 
younger  sister  could  not  receive  and  return  visits  which  she 
herself  could  not  reciprocate,  and  therefore  that  the  foreign 
Ministers  should  take  no  notice  of  the  marriage ;  which  was 
accordingly  communicated  to  them. 

I  began  the  draft  of  an  answer  to  a  letter  from  James  Pindall, 
Chairman  of  a  committee  of  the  House  of  Representatives, 
raised  at  his  motion,  to  repeal  or  change  the  law  for  printing 
the  Acts  of  Congress  in  the  newspapers.  The  appointment  of 
the  printers,  three  in  each  State,  now  rests  with  the  Secretary 
of  State.  Pindall  patronized  and  earnestly  recommended  a 
partisan  printer  in  his  own  district.  A  competitor  of  opposite 
politics  happened  to  be  more  strongly  recommended  by  the 
District  Judge  and  Marshal  and  the  Postmaster-General,  and 
was  appointed.  So  Pindall  undertook  to  get  the  law  repealed. 
He  first  moved  for  a  committee  to  enquire,  of  which  he  was 
of  course  appointed  Chairman.  Then  he  moved  for  a  list  of 
all  the  printers  appointed  for  the  four  last  sessions  of  Congress, 
with  an  estimate  of  the  expense.  That  being  sent  and  referred 
to  the  committee,  he  now  writes  to  enquire  what  has  been  for 
the  two  last  years  the  expense  of  printing  the  laws  in  the 
pamphlet  form,  and  my  opinion  whether  the  law  ought  to  be 
repealed  or  modified.  I  showed  Colvin  the  letter,  who  thought 
it  a  very  insidious  call  for  an  opinion,  and  quite  suited  to  bring 
down  a  hornets'  nest  of  printers  upon  me  throughout  the 
Union.  I  did  not  suspect  Mr.  Pindall  of  such  a  design,  but  I 
saw  the  propriety  of  giving  him  a  wary  as  well  as  an  honest 
answer.  This  is  a  sample  of  Congressional  canvassing  on  a 
small  scale. 

loth.  With  Mrs.  Adams,  I  dined  and  spent  the  evening  at 
Colonel  Tayloe's,  with  a  company  at  dinner  of  about  twenty 
persons.  Among  the  rest,  Mr.  Lowndes,  Chairman  of  the  Com 
mittee  of  Foreign  Relations  of  the  House  of  Representatives, 
was  there.  This  committee  made  yesterday  their  report  upon 
the  part  of  the  President's  message  at  the  commencement  of 
the  session  concerning  our  affairs  with  Spain.  It  proposes  an 
Act  authorizing  and  requiring  the  President  to  take  possession 


1 8 20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ly 

of  Florida.  This,  instead  of  a  discretionary  power,  which  the 
President's  message  had  proposed,  is  a  positive  injunction. 
Lowndes  says  it  will  not  pass  in  Congress.  It  was  carried  by 
a  bare  majority  of  the  committee,  and  I  believe  its  real  object 
was  to  help  through  the  Military  Appropriation  bill,  which 
labors  in  its  passage  through  the  House,  and  to  give  the 
go-by  to  motions  for  reducing  the  army. 

The  report  itself  has  some  very  exceptionable  features.  It 
neither  makes  nor  proposes  any  provision  of  indemnity  for  the 
claims  upon  Spain,  and  it  countenances  the  idea  that  by  taking 
possession,  the  contested  grants  of  land  must  be  recognized 
by  the  United  States  as  valid, — intimating  that  for  the  indem 
nity  to  our  citizens  Spain  must  expect  us  to  look  westward. 
Lowndes  is  a  man  of  fine  talents,  of  good  principles,  of  mild 
temper,  and  placid  manners — grave,  but  cheerful,  and  always 
inoffensive.  He  is,  or  has  been,  independent  in  his  fortune, 
and  two  years  ago  declined  a  choice  of  two  missions,  either  to 
Constantinople  or  to  Russia,  which  were  offered  to  him  by  the 
President.  He  has  more  personal  influence  in  the  House  of  Rep 
resentatives  than  any  other  member,  and  is  generally  friendly 
to  the  present  Administration.  But,  as  much  of  his  influence 
rests  upon  the  general  impression  of  his  independence,  he  is 
rather  over-solicitous  to  maintain  that  reputation.  To  be  very 
sure  of  standing  erect,  he  leans  a  little  backward.  Supporting 
the  Administration  in  the  main,  he  is  apt  to  seek  for  differences 
of  detail.  He  joins  in  no  factious  opposition,  but  he  loves  to 
devise  ways  and  means  of  his  own.  So,  in  this  case,  he  pro 
poses  not  what  the  President  recommended,  but  a  substitute; 
not  a  power  which  the  Executive  might  have  held  up  "  in  ter- 
rorem"  in  negotiation  with  Spain,  and  the  very  possession  of 
which  would  probably  have  rendered  its  exercise  unnecessary, 
but  a  positive  direction  to  the  President  to  take  possession  at 
all  events.  Lowndes,  finding  it  doubtful  whether  either  of  the 
proposals  would  pass,  produced  one  differing  from  that  of  the 
President,  to  manifest  at  all  events  his  independence. 

nth.  Burrill  came  to  press  what  are  called  the  Stralsund 
claims  upon  the  Swedish  Government.  I  gave  him  a  particular 
account  of  what  had  been  done,  and  read  to  him  Mr.  Russell's 
VOL.  v. — 2 


tS  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

last  note  to  the  Swedish  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs,  Count 
d'Engestrom,  concerning  these  claims,  and  the  subsequent  cor 
respondence  of  C.  Hughes  relating  to  them.  I  observed  that 
nothing  would  be  more  easy  than  to  instruct  Hughes  to  renew 
the  demand  of  satisfaction,  but  it  would  certainly  be  fruitless, 
and  it  was  hardly  consistent  with  self-respect  to  invite  renewals 
of  heated  altercations  when  plain  and  acknowledged  justice  had 
been  so  often  and  so  earnestly  invoked  in  vain.  I  read  him 
Hughes's  letter,  stating  what  Rehausen  told  him — namely,  that, 
according  to  the  universal  impression  there,  the  whole  proceeds 
of  the  Stralsund  plunder  had  gone  into  the  pockets  of  Enges- 
trom  and  Wetterstedt,  the  identical  Ministers  with  whom  the 
claims  are  to  be  discussed.  He  asked  what  could  then  be  done 
for  the  claimants.  I  told  him  in  my  opinion  nothing  to  any 
purpose — certainly  nothing  further  by  the  Executive.  Per 
haps  the  best  thing  would  be  for  him  to  move  in  Senate  a  call 
for  the  correspondence  with  the  Swedish  Government,  and  then, 
if  they  think  any  good  purpose  can  be  answered  by  unmasking 
a  new  diplomatic  battery  upon  King  Charles  John's  honest 
statesmen,  the  orders  may  be  given  to  our  engineer  Hughes 
to  open  it  without  delay.  He  said  he  believed  he  would  move 
for  the  call. 

I  took  over  to  the  President  the  dispatches  from  R.  Rush 
and  G.  W.  Campbell,  and  congratulated  him  upon  the  marriage 
of  his  daughter.  He  desired  me  to  notify  the  other  members 
of  the  Administration  to  meet  at  his  house  at  one  o'clock  next 
Monday,  to  take  into  consideration  the  letter  of  Governor  Clark, 
of  Georgia,  urging  that  treaties  may  be  held  with  the  Creek 
and  Cherokee  Indians,  and  also  the  cases  of  a  number  of  pirates 
convicted  and  under  sentence  of  death  in  various  parts  of  the 
Union. 

1 2th.  I  heard  Dr.  Allison,  the  Chaplain  to  the  House  of 
Representatives,  at  the  Capitol.  His  discourse  was  from  Acts 
xxiv.  25  :  "And  as  he  reasoned  of  righteousness,  temperance, 
and  judgment  to  come,  Felix  trembled."  But  this  text  was 
too  mighty  for  the  Doctor's  talent,  which  does  not  consist  in 
preaching.  The  House  of  Representatives  for  several  years 
past  have  annually  chosen  him  their  chaplain,  rather  as  a  sort 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

of  pension  for  having  been  chaplain  in  the  army  during  our 
Revolutionary  War,  than  for  any  shining  spiritual  gifts  now  in 
his  possession.  But  he  is  said  to  have  great  skill  and  ingenuity 
in  mechanics,  and  is  a  candidate  for  the  Superintendency  of  the 
Patent  Office  if  Dr.  Thornton  should  be  appointed  Agent  to 
South  America;  and  both  he  and  the  Doctor  reminded  me, 
when  they  were  applying  for  these  places,  that  he  was  Vice- 
President  of  the  General  Association  of  Baptist  Ministers 
throughout  the  United  States,  and  in  that  capacity  had  great 
political  influence  over  the  wrhole  body  of  Christians  of  that 
denomination,  amounting,  as  Thornton  said,  to  more  than 
two  millions  of  people.  The  Doctor  is,  therefore,  a  better 
patentee  for  this  world  than  for  the  next. 

1 3th.  Mr.1  was  here  this  morning,  the  person  some 

weeks  since  introduced  to  me  by  Judge  Story,  and  one  of  the 
claimants  upon  the  Government  of  Spain.  He  told  me  that  the 
principal,  if  not  the  sole,  reliance  of  those  claimants  for  obtain 
ing  eventual  indemnity  for  any  part  of  their  losses  was  upon  me ; 
that  the  Committee  of  Foreign  Relations  had  reported  a  bill 
for  taking  possession  of  Florida  without  providing  at  all  for  the 
claims,  and  that  many  of  the  Northern  members  were  very  un 
willing  to  vote  for  it  in  that  shape.  But  the  Northern  members 
will  not  vote  for  taking  possession  of  Florida  at  all.  The  Mis 
souri  question  has  sickened  them  of  slave  States,  and,  although 
at  the  commencement  of  the  session  they  were  ready  to  vote 
for  the  measures  recommended  by  the  President,  they  would 
now  scarcely  accept  Florida  as  a  gift. 

At  one  o'clock  I  attended  the  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  Presi 
dent's.  The  first  subject  considered  was  the  case  of  a  number 
of  pirates  now  under  sentence  of  death  at  Baltimore,  Richmond, 
Charleston,  Savannah,  and  New  Orleans — all  cases  of  privateers 
under  the  South  American  colors.  The  whole  number  is  forty- 
five.  The  opinion  was  unanimous  that  some  of  them  must  be 
executed,  but  that  a  large  proportion  of  them  should  be  re 
prieved.  The  papers  relating  to  them  were  read,  with  a  view 
to  ascertain  the  individuals  who,  by  any  extenuating  circum 
stances,  might  have  any  claim  to  be  considered  fit  subjects  for 

1  Left  blank  in  the  original. 


20  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

mercy.  A  letter  from  Judge  Johnson,  who  presided  at  the  trials 
in  Charleston  and  Savannah,  sufficiently  marked  the  discrimi 
nation  to  be  made  in  those  cases.  There  was  a  record  of  part 
of  the  evidence  in  the  cases  at  New  Orleans,  from  which  one 
case  of  peculiar  atrocity  and  one  of  strong  mitigation  were 
selected.  There  was  an  earnest  petition  in  behalf  of  one  of 
the  men  convicted  at  Richmond,  and  a  recommendation  in  his 
favor  by  the  District  Attorney  at  Richmond.  But  the  petition 
was  from  a  brother  of  the  culprit,  living  at  Portland,  Maine, 
and  Crawford  maintained  there  was  nothing  that  recommended 
that  case  to  favor  more  than  any  other.  Stanard,  the  District 
Attorney,  said  in  his  letter  that  he  had  considered  this  man's 
case  so  much  more  favorably  than  the  rest,  that  if  the  evi 
dence  had  been  otherwise  deficient  he  should  have  discharged 

o 

him  and  used  him  as  a  witness  against  the  others.  The  most 
obvious  feature  in  Crawford's  character  is  decision,  but,  with 
strong  sense,  his  opinions  are  sometimes  so  unaccountable  that 
they  surprise  by  their  absurdity.  He  does  not  appear  to  be 
himself  aware  of  the  feelings  which  inspire  them.  He  occa 
sionally  throws  out  opinions  for  the  sake  of  making  an  argu 
ment  ;  but  in  such  cases  I  usually  avoid  taking  it  up.  It  was 
agreed  that  Mr.  Wirt,  the  Attorney-General,  should  see  Chief- 
Justice  Marshall  and  enquire  of  him  where  the  severity  of  the 
law  and  where  the  beneficence  of  humanity  may  best  be  dis 
pensed.  There  was  a  petition  from  Baltimore,  signed  by  the 
District  Judge,  Bland,  and  several  others,  praying  for  a  pardon 
for  all  the  seven  convicted  there ;  but  there  were  no  solid  rea 
sons  assigned  for  the  prayer,  and  the  opinion  in  the  Cabinet 
was  unanimous  that  Baltimore  was,  of  all  others,  the  place 
where  the  necessity  of  making  an  example  was  the  most  urgent. 
Bland  was  not  upon  the  bench  when  these  men  were  tried,  but 
he  passed  sentence  of  death  upon  them,  and  I  know  not  how 
he  looked  in  pronouncing  it.  In  Dr.  Franklin's  fable  of  Polly 
Taylor,1  the  Judge  on  the  bench,  who  convicts  her  of  having  had 
a  bastard  child,  is  the  man  by  whom  she  was  first  seduced.  If 
the  pirates  at  Baltimore  on  receiving  their  sentence  could  have 
addressed  the  Court  and  told  the  whole  truth,  they  could  have 

1  Baker. 


1 8 20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  2\ 

disclosed  a  scene  of  darker  shades  than  the  story  of  Polly  Tay 
lor.  There  were  two  petitions  from  these  men  sentenced  at 
Baltimore,  evidently  written  by  one  of  their  lawyers,  and  in  a 
very  disgusting  style  of  levity  and  insolence.  It  was  con 
cluded  that  the  public  justice  and  example  required  the  execu 
tion  of  two  at  each  place,  and  that  the  rest  might  be  reprieved 
and  ultimately  pardoned.  Some  question  was  made  by  Mr. 
Crawford  whether  the  power  of  the  President  extended  to  a 
commutation  of  punishment;  but  it  was  not  determined,  and 
should,  I  think,  be  taken  up  and  deliberately  decided  hereafter. 
Wirt  said  the  power  of  the  King  to  commute  punishment  was 
exercised  only  by  special  statutes. 

The  second  subject  discussed  was  the  application  from  the 
Governor  of  Georgia  for  treaties  to  be  held  with  the  Creek  and 
Cherokee  Indians.  Calhoun  had  expressed  himself  to  me  very 
much  averse  to  the  measure ;  he  said,  and  now  repeated,  that 
those  nations  had  lately  made  very  extensive  cessions,  and  with 
great  reluctance;  that  the  attempt  now  to  obtain  further  ces 
sions  would  certainly  not  succeed,  unless  we  should  bully  them, 
and  at  a  great  expense.  A  treaty  would  cost  fifty  thousand 
dollars,  and  we  should  be  obliged  to  pay  very  nearly  the  full 
value  for  the  lands  if  we  obtained  them.  To  all  this  Crawford 
assented,  but  said  there  would  be  great  dissatisfaction  in  the 
State  if  the  application  should  be  rejected.  There  was  an  ex 
pedient  proposed  of  holding  one  of  the  treaties  with  the  Creeks, 
the  Cherokees  being  still  more  reluctant  at  making  any  further 
cession. 

The  President  finally  asked  me  what  was  my  opinion.  I 
said  the  United  States  were  bound  by  compact  with  the  State 
of  Georgia  to  obtain  the  cessions  as  soon  as  possible,  and  my 
opinion  was  that  we  ought  to  do  precisely  what  the  State  of 
Georgia  asked  us  to  do.  It  was  accordingly  so  determined, 
and  that  a  message  should  immediately  be  sent  to  Congress 
recommending  that  provision  be  made  by  law  for  holding  the 
treaty. 

There  is  in  this  affair,  among  other  things,  much  of  Georgia 
party  politics.  Clark,  the  present  Governor,  is  an  inveterate 
enemy  of  Crawford,  and  was  chosen  in  opposition  to  Troup, 


22  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

who  was  Crawford's  friend,  and  the  candidate  of  his  partisans. 
Clark  now  urges  the  holding  of  these  treaties,  and,  in  his  letter 
to  me,  recommends,  if  the  President  should  think  that  the 
citizens  of  Georgia  are  so  much  interested  in  the  event,  that 

o 

persons  from  other  States  should  be  selected  as  Commissioners; 
that  General  Jackson  should  be  one  of  them — adding  that  two- 
thirds  of  the  people  of  Georgia  would  have  more  confidence 
in  him  than  in  any  other  man.  This  is  a  home-thrust  at 
Crawford,  whose  deadly  enmity  with  Jackson  is  now  perfectly 
notorious,  and  to  whom  is  attributed  the  whole  persecution  of 
Jackson  on  account  of  the  Seminole  War.  Crawford  would 
take  no  satisfaction  in  the  success  of  Clark,  or  of  Jackson,  in 
rendering  important  and  acceptable  service  to  the  people  of 
Georgia.  This  disposition  to  thwart  a  personal  enemy  or  rival, 
even  at  the  sacrifice  of  the  public  interest,  is  a  vice  so  deeply 
rooted  in  human  nature  that  it  shows  itself  in  every  form  of 
Government,  and  in  none  more  than  in  ours.  It  is,  I  firmly 
believe,  the  greatest  obstacle  to  the  performance  of  useful  ser 
vice.  The  meeting  broke  up  about  four  o'clock. 

This  and  to-morrow  evening  were  assigned  for  receiving  the 
visits  of  congratulation  at  the  President's  on  the  marriage  of 
his  daughter.  Lieutenant  Monroe  called  at  my  house,  to  say, 
as  from  the  President,  that  he  wished  me  to  notify  the  foreign 
Ministers  that  they  might  pay,  with  their  ladies,  the  wedding 
visit  to  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Gouverneur,  and  that  it  would  be  re 
turned  ;  but  that  it  must  stop  there.  I  was  not  at  home ;  but 
it  seems  that  Lieutenant  Monroe  had  mistaken  his  message. 
I  went  with  Mrs.  Adams  this  evening  to  the  wedding-party. 
The  message  was  from  the  ladies,  and  to  Mrs.  Adams.  But 
as  she,  in  consequence  of  the  conversation  with  Mrs.  Hay  last 
week,  had  already  given  notice  to  the  Diplomatic  Corps  that 
they  were  not  to  know  the  President  had  a  daughter  married, 
it  was  finally  concluded  by  Mrs.  Monroe  and  Mrs.  Hay  to  leave 
things  as  they  are. 

1 4th.  An  account,  preceding  the  mail  from  New  York,  an 
nounced  the  arrival  there  of  a  vessel  from  Liverpool  bringing 
the  intelligence  of  the  death  of  the  British  King,  George  the 
Third,  and  of  the  Duke  of  Kent.  It  had  first  been  known 


1820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  2$ 

here  yesterday.  The  papers  this  day  received  confirmed  it. 
The  Duke  of  Kent  died  on  the  24th  of  January,  and  the  King 
the  2Qth  of  the  same  month.  George  the  Third  had  reigned 
sixteen  years  the  sovereign  of  this  country.  I  suppose  there 
are  about  half  a  million  of  souls  in  this  Union  who  were  once 
his  subjects ;  four-fifths  of  that  number  born  his  subjects — 
of  whom  I  was  one.  The  forty-fourth  year  is  revolving  since 
the  people  of  North  America  cast  off  their  allegiance  to  him 
and  declared  their  independence.  Of  the  fifty-six  signers  of 
that  instrument,  only  four  are  at  this  day  numbered  among  the 
living — John  Adams,  of  Massachusetts,  my  father,  Thomas  Jef 
ferson,  of  Virginia,  William  Floyd,  of  New  York,  and  Charles 
Carroll,  of  Carrollton,  Maryland.  The  last  ten  years  of  the 
life  of  George  the  Third  he  has  been  kept  in  confinement  at 
Windsor,  in  a  state  of  mental  alienation,  blind,  and  perhaps 
deaf.  Imagination  can  scarcely  conceive  a  state  of  existence 
more  calamitous,  or  a  contrast  more  awful  of  the  extremes  of 
human  grandeur  and  debasement  in  one  person.  George  the 
Third  was  a  man  of  good  but  ordinary  capacity,  possessed  of 
many  private  virtues,  and  no  vices  but  those  incidental  to  a 
royal  education.  His  reign  has  been  a  most  tempestuous 
period  in  the  history  of  the  civilized  world.  His  influence 
over  it  has  been  negative  and  inauspicious.  As  the  great 
head  and  champion  of  the  cause  of  existing  institutions  against 
all  innovation,  he  has  contributed  to  perpetuate  abuses  of  the 
most  pernicious  character,  to  re-cement  with  human  b^lood  the 
ruinous  and  perishing  edifice  of  feudality,  and  to  prolong  the 
deadly  struggle  between  the  absurd  and  artificial  distinctions  of 
hereditary  rank  and  the  tendencies  of  the  age  to  the  common 
level  of  democracy.  The  papers  this  day  received  give  ac 
counts  also  of  a  mutiny  of  troops  in  Spain  which  were  des 
tined  to  South  America,  and  the  consequences  of  which  must 
be  momentous. 

1 8th.  G.  A.  Otis  was  at  the  office.  He  is  proceeding  with 
his  translation  of  Botta's  History  of  the  American  Revolution, 
and  borrows  my  French  translation  of  it  to  take  with  him  to 
Philadelphia.  But  his  main  object  was  to  renew  and  urge  his 
solicitation  for  a  Consular  appointment  abroad,  and  particularly 


24  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

for  that  of  Liverpool,  from  which  he  wished  that  Mr.  Maury 
should  be  removed ;  not  that  he  (Otis)  would  wish  to  supplant 
any  man,  but  because  Maury  is  an  old  man,  and  that  the  busi 
ness  of  his  office  is,  and  for  some  time  has  been,  transacted  by 
his  clerk,  who  is  an  Englishman. 

There  is  something  so  gross  and  so  repugnant  to  my  feelings 
in  this  cormorant  appetite  for  office,  this  barefaced  and  repeated 
effort  to  get  an  old  and  meritorious  public  servant  turned  out 
of  place  by  a  bankrupt  to  get  into  it,  that  it  needed  all  my  sense 
of  the  allowances  to  be  made  for  sharp  want  and  of  the  tender 
ness  due  to  misfortune  to  suppress  my  indignation.  He  asked 
me  if  I  would  advise  him  to  press  these  considerations  person 
ally  upon  the  President ;  to  which  I  barely  answered  no.  He 
said  he  had  asked  Mr.  Jonathan  Russell  his  opinion  whether  it 
would  be  indelicate  to  suggest  them,  and  Russell  had  told  him 
they  were  facts  which  there  could  be  no  impropriety  in  stating. 
This  is  not  the  first  sample  I  have  had  of  Russell's  morals, 
connected  with  the  pursuit  of  office.  Otis  is  an  office-hunter 
equally  ravenous,  and,  like  some  other  ravenous  animals,  has 
the  gifts  of  fawning  and  of  tears.  But  even  with  such  persons 
no  passionate  manifestation  of  sentiment  should  be  indulged; 
and  this  is  the  only  way  that  I  can  understand  as  consistent  the 
scriptural  injunction,  "  Be  ye  angry  and  sin  not !" 

I  this  day  received  from  J.  Forsyth  a  dispatch  of  3d  January, 
with  a  postscript  of  the  loth.  The  Russian  Charge  d' Affaires 
had  interposed"  to  prevail  upon  Forsyth  not  to  leave  Madrid, 
as  he  had  threatened.  A  few  days  since,  I  received  a  dispatch 
from  G.  W.  Campbell,  reporting  an  interview  with  Count  Nes- 
selrode,  the  Russian  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs,  in  which  the 
Emperor's  solicitude  for  the  amicable  arrangement  of  our  differ 
ences  with  Spain  was  manifested,  and  Poletica  has  shown  and 
read  to  me  extracts  of  a  dispatch  from  Nesselrode,  and  of 
private  letters  from  Capo  d'Istrias  and  Pozzo  di  Borgo  to  him, 
expressing  the  same  sentiments,  and  earnestly  dissuading  us 
from  taking  measures  of  self-satisfaction.  Gallatin's  dispatches 
indicate  the  same  wishes  and  advice  from  the  French  Govern 
ment. 

I  took  Forsyth's  dispatch  to  the  President,  and  suggested  to 


1820.]  THEARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


him  the  question  whether  it  would  not  be  advisable  to  send  a 
message  to  Congress  communicating  these  facts  and  docu 
ments,  and  recommending  to  them  to  postpone  acting  upon 
the  Florida  questions  till  the  next  session.  The  motives  for 
this  measure  are  various,  and  among  the  rest  is  that  of  changing 
the  position  of  the  Executive  in  reference  to  the  Legislature. 
It  has  become  very  awkward.  Before  the  Florida  Treaty  was 
signed,  Clay's  tactics  were  to  push  the  Executive,  if  possible, 
into  a  quarrel  with  Spain.  As  he  did  not  play  his  game  very 
skilfully,  his  impetuosity  contributed  to  promote  the  conclu 
sion  of  the  treaty.  Without  involving  the  Executive  as  he 
intended,  it  alarmed  Spain,  and  gave  us  argument  to  bring  her 
to  reasonable  terms.  When  the  treaty  was  signed,  it  was  so 
generally  considered  as  highly  advantageous  to  the  United 
States  that  it  was  considered  very  creditable  to  the  Administra 
tion,  and  Clay,  though  he  betrayed  his  ill  will  to  it,  yet  dared 
not  make  any  opposition  against  it.  As  soon  as  the  question 
about  the  grants  arose,  Clay  seized  upon  it  as  a  means  of 
defeating  the  treaty.  Spain,  by  withholding  the  ratification 
beyond  the  stipulated  period,  has  thrown  away  the  bargain, 
and  the  United  States  are  no  longer  bound  to  abide  by  it.  In 
the  course  of  the  discussion  with  Spain  it  became  necessary  to 
show  that  Onis's  instructions  authorized  him  to  have  conceded 
more  than  he  did.  Upon  which  Clay  immediately  argues  that 
more  was  conceded  than  Onis  asked.  At  the  commencement 
of  the  session  the  President  proposed  that  a  discretionary  power 
should  be  given  to  the  Executive  to  take  possession  of  Florida 
and  to  indemnify  the  claimants  upon  Spain,  as  if  the  treaty  had 
been  ratified,  from  the  Florida  lands.  The  House  manifested 
no  disposition  to  comply  with  this  proposal,  and  the  Committee 
of  Foreign  Relations  brought  in  a  report  requiring  positively 
that  Florida  should  be  taken,  and  leaving  the  claims  totally 
unprovided  for.  Clay's  professed  project  was  to  set  the  treaty 
aside,  to  take  the  province  of  Texas,  and  recognize  the  South 
Americans  ;  his  real  object  was  merely  to  defeat  the  treaty  and 
do  nothing.  It  has  long  been  obvious  that  Coifgress  would 
do  nothing,  and  the  danger  to  the  Executive  is,  that  By  that 
termination  of  doing  nothing  the  appearance  to  the  world  will 


26  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

be  of  dissension  between  the  Executive  and  the  Legislature, 
the  worst  of  all  possible  positions  for  negotiating  with  the 
Spaniard  when  he  comes.  In  the  mean  time,  the  Missouri 
question  and  its  compromise  have  sharpened  the  greediness  of 
the  Southern  interest  for  more  Southern  Territories  to  make 
more  slave  States,  and  given  the  Northern  and  Eastern  interest 
a  distaste  even  for  Florida,  because  that  would  become  another 
slave  State.  The  new  disturbances  in  Spain  also  threaten  a 
revolution  of  the  Government  there,  and  put  an  end  to  all 
question  as  to  the  issue  of  the  revolution  in  South  America. 
The  only  powerful  interest,  therefore,  that  Spain  had  for  settling 
her  differences  with  us  is  disappearing.  There  is  no  prospect 
of  the  ratification  of  the  treaty,  and  there  is  at  this  moment 
scarcely  any  great  interest  in  this  country  that  desires  the  rati 
fication.  Forsyth  in  his  dispatch  says  that  probably  the  Spanish 
Government  wishes  that  we  may  take  possession  of  Florida  for 
the  sake  of  having  stronger  ground  for  insisting  on  the  con 
firmation  of  the  grants,  and  the  proposal  of  the  Committee  of 
Foreign  Relations  falls  into  this  view  as  completely  as  if  it  had 
been  drawn  up  by  the  Duke  of  Alagon  himself. 

I  suggested  most  of  these  considerations  to  the  President 
as  motives  for  a  message  to  Congress  proposing  to  postpone 
measures  of  reprisal  for  the  present.  As  this  will  unquestion 
ably  be  the  result,  it  will  show  the  Executive  and  Legislature 
as  at  least  not  in  direct  opposition  to  each  other.  It  will  be  an 
example  of  moderation  and  magnanimity  to  Spain  in  the  time 
of  her  distress ;  of  deference  and  regard  to  the  wishes  and 
advice  of  Russia  and  France  ;  and  of  sound  policy  as  relates 
to  the  internal  state  of  our  affairs.  The  President  appeared  to 
concur  in  these  opinions  generally,  and  asked  me  to  put  in 
writing  such  of  them  as  I  might  think  of  particular  moment, 
and  to  see  him  again  on  the  subject  next  Monday. 

19th.  Attended  church  at  Mr.  McCormick's.  He  read  the 
service  for  the  fifth  Sunday  in  Lent,  and  preached  from  Mark 
ix.  43-48,  enjoining  that  the  offending  hand  or  foot  should 
be  cut  off  and  the  offending  eye  plucked  out.  Like  all  the 
sermons  which  Mr.  McCormick  reads,  this  discourse  was  sen 
sible,  ingenious,  and  well  written — sound  morals,  without  doc- 


THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  2/ 

trinal  speculation  and  without  enthusiasm.  This  text,  and  the 
context  from  the  thirty-third  verse  to  the  end  of  the  chapter, 
afford  an  admirable  theme  for  contemplation  upon  the  Christian 
morality  and  the  duty  of  suppressing  envious  emulation,  for  it 
is  the  discourse  of  Jesus  upon  the  question  which  arose  among 
his  disciples  who  should  be  greatest.  Mr.  McCormick's  sermon 
did  not  consider  it  in  .this  light.  It  generalized  the  precepts  of 
the  text.  But  this  injunction,  thrice  repeated,  to  sacrifice  the 
most  precious  and  useful  members  of  one's  own  body  rather 
than  retain  them  and  go  to  hell,  where  their  worm  dieth  not 
and  the  fire  is  not  quenched — this  sacrifice  to  be  salted  with  fire, 
concluding  with  the  command,  "  Have  salt,  in  yourselves,  and 
have  peace  one  with  another," — what  is  it  but  the  proof  of  the 
deep  solemnity  with  which  the  founder  of  the  Christian  system 
warned  his  disciples  against  the  passion  of  self-aggrandizement ! 
And  what  admirable  illustrations  of  the  torments  of  envious 
ambition  are  the  worm  that  never  dies  and  the  unquenchable 
fire !  How  appropriate  the  charge  to  cut  off  one's  own  hand 
or  foot,  and  pluck  out  one's  own  eyes,  the  prompters  to  usurp 
ing  desire  to  rise  above  our  equals,  rather  than  indulge  their 
propensities  of  encroachment !  There  are  diseases  in  which 
the  patient  must  administer  to  himself.  It  is  himself  that  his 
hand  or  his  foot  or  his  eye  offends  when  it  urges  him  to  aspire 
above  his  peers.  It  is  from  himself  that  the  control  over  these 
ravenous  passions  must  proceed.  The  hand,  the  foot,  and  the 
eye  were  given  to  man  to  provide  for  the  necessities  of  his  own 
nature,  and  not  to  enable  him  to  lord  it  over  others ;  and  when, 
forsaking  their  natural  uses,  they  are  employed  to  raise  dominion 
over  equal  brethren  and  to  seek  or  wield  the  rod  of  oppression, 
the  time  is  come  when  they  ought  to  be  severed  from  the  body 
to  which  they  belong,  by  its  own  act,  and  cast  away.  At  this 
moment  I  see  the  worm  that  never  dies  at  work,  and  the  fire 
that  is  not  quenched  is  burning.  But  I  must  forbear. 

Mr.  D.  Brent  called  at  my  house,  and  Mr.  R.  B.  Lee,  who 
came  to  solicit  the  appointment  of  Collector  of  the  Customs  at 
the  port  of  Alexandria.  He  told  me  that  he  was  one  of  the 
members  of  Congress  who,  after  voting  against  the  assumption 
of  the  State  debts,  had  come  round  and  voted  for  it  on  con- 


28  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

dition  that  another  member,  who  had  voted  against  the  fixing 
of  this  District  as  the  permanent  residence  of  Congress,  should 
also  come  round  and  vote  for  it.  This  was  one  of  the  compro 
mises  of  those  times. 

2Oth.  I  wrote  a  few  observations  on  the  proposal  I  had  made 
to  the  President  last  Saturday,  to  send  a  message  to  Congress 
recommending  a  postponement  of  the  measures  for  occupying 
Florida  to  the  next  session.  The  day  was  rainy,  so  that  I 
was  without  interruption  at  the  office.  I  took  my  paper  over 
to  the  President,  but  found  him  doubtful  with  regard  to  the 
expediency  of  the  measure.  It  seemed  as  if  he  had  been  con 
sulting  some  person  who  had  urged  objections  against  it.  The 
grounds  of  objection  are  obvious.  The  measure  is  one  of  con 
siderable  delicacy.  But  it  is  a  safe  measure,  and  the  omission 
to  take  it  would  be  more  than  hazardous.  I  therefore  discussed 
it  again  with  the  President,  and  answered  as  well  as  I  could 
his  difficulties.  He  finally  determined  to  consult  all  the  mem 
bers  of  the  Administration  upon  it,  and  asked  me  to  notify  a 
meeting  of  them  at  one  o'clock  to-morrow,  which  I  did. 

2 1  st.  I  was  obliged  to  attend  the  meeting  at  the  President's, 
where  I  found  Mr.  Crawford  and  Mr.  Wirt.  Mr.  Calhoun  soon 
afterwards  came.  The  President  had  made  a  draft  of  a  message 
to  Congress  recommending  the  postponement  of  proceedings 
relative  to  Spain  and  Florida  to  the  next  session.  It  referred 
to  the  dispatches  last  received  from  J.  Forsyth  and  G.  W. 
Campbell ;  to  the  interposition  of  the  Russian  Charge  d'Affaires 
at  Madrid  to  prevail  upon  Forsyth  not  to  go  away,  as  he  had 
threatened  and  intended ;  to  the  good  offices  of  Russia  and 
France  and  Great  Britain  to  induce  the  ratification  of  the  treaty 
by  Spain ;  to  the  wishes  expressed  by  them  both  that  the 
United  States  should  take  no  measures  of  reprisal,  at  least 
without  first  waiting  for  the  Spanish  Minister,  who  is  to  come 
and  ask  for  explanations ;  and  to  the  distressed  situation  of 
Spain,  which  makes  forbearance  the  dictate  of  a  magnanimous 
policy;  concluding  with  the  remark  that  our  position  for  as 
serting  our  right  by  our  own  force  will  not  be  impaired  by 
the  proposed  delay. 

Crawford  declared   himself  in  favor  of  the  measure   more 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  2g 

frankly  and  explicitly  than  I  expected,  though  he  saw,  and 
with  us  all  remarked,  that  it  was  subject  to  much  misconcep 
tion  and  misrepresentation.  Wirt's  opinion,  as  usual,  was  not 
opposed  to  that  of  the  President;  the  only  objector,  and  quite 
to  my  surprise,  was  Calhoun.  First,  he  said,  it  was  a  change  of 
ground  from  what  the  President  had  recommended  at  the  com 
mencement  of  the  session,  for  which  change  neither  the  inter 
position  of  Russia  and  France,  nor  their  wishes,  nor  the  new 
distresses  of  Spain,  afforded  sufficient  motives.  The  disposi 
tions  and  wishes  of  Russia  were  indeed  not  so  strongly  marked 
in  the  dispatch  from  Mr.  Campbell  as  in  the  letters  from  Count 
Nesselrode,  Capo  d'Istrias,  and  Pozzo  di  Borgo  to  Poletica,  which 
he  had  confidentially  read  to  me,  but  which  could  not  be  com 
municated  to  Congress,  and  which  rested  only  upon  my  report. 
The  popular  feeling  would  be  jealous  of  every  appearance  of 
yielding  to  the  interference  of  any  foreign  power,  and  any  ex 
pression  of  compassion  for  the  distressed  condition  of  Spain 
might  be  understood  as  discountenancing  the  insurrection 
which  has  lately  broken  out  in  the  expeditionary  army  near 
Cadiz,  which  ought  most  cautiously  to  be  avoided;  that  as  to 
any  compassion  for  Spain,  we  were  neither  bound  to  feel  it  nor 
should  we  get  credit  for  it  if  we  did.  Instead  of  a  motive  to 
forbearance,  the  new  difficulties  of  the  Spanish  Government 
rather  should  confirm  us  in  the  purpose  of  doing  justice  to 
ourselves,  as  it  took  at  once  from  Spain  both  the  powej  of 
resistance  and  the  disposition  of  resentment  against  us.  Cal 
houn,  after  enlarging  in  this  strain  of  argument,  still  professed 
to  submit  these  ideas  with  diffidence. 

Crawford  replied,  admitting  that  they  were  of  great  weight, 
but  said  that  although  there  might  be  great  objections  to  avow 
ing  publicly  any  deference  for  the  wishes  and  opinions  of  other 
powers,  yet  it  was  wise  and  proper  to  show  such  deference.  It 
was  with  nations  as  with  individuals.  A  man  might  profess  to 
be  perfectly  independent,  and  to  set  at  naught  the  opinions  and 
wishes  of  others ;  but  he  could  not  get  along  without  soon 
finding  the  inconvenience  to  himself  of  such  a  system.  And 
so  with  nations.  However  sturdily  they  may  adhere  to  their . 
independence,  they  will  not  find  it  good  policy  to  set  the 


30  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN   QU1NCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

opinions  and  wishes  of  other  nations  at  defiance.  He  also 
thought  the  distressed  condition  of  the  Spanish  Government 
was  a  circumstance  of  considerable  weight  to  urge  forbearance 
on  our  part.  -He  knew  it  was  the  feeling  of  several  members  of 
Congress,  and  named  particularly  Mr.  Walker,  of  Alabama,  as 
having  expressed  the  sentiment  to  him. 

I  added  that  this  motive  appeared  to  me  to  be  of  great 
power;  perhaps  of  itself  sufficient  to  justify  the  whole  change. 
As  a  real  motive  it  was  magnanimous ;  and  true  magnanimity 
was,  in  my  opinion,  the  highest  wisdom  of  a  nation.  Nor  had 
I  any  doubt  that  we  should  get  some  credit  for  it — not  indeed 
in  the  opinions  or  acknowledgment  of  our  envious  enemies, 
but  in  that  of  all  those  who  are  disposed  to  befriend  us.  So, 
too,  we  should  get  credit  from  Russia  and  France  for  manifest 
ing  and  avowing  a  deference  for  their  opinions  and  wishes. 
They  could  have  no  motive  for  disbelieving  us,  and,  as  it  would 
flatter  them  in  the  estimate  of  their  own  importance,  they 
would  easily  give  credence  to  our  assertion.  The  general  dis 
position  of  the  power  towards  us,  and  the  particular  spirit  with 
which  their  wishes  were  manifested,  were  also  very  material  in 
estimating  the  propriety  of  conciliating  them  with  compliance. 
The  general  disposition  of  France  and  Russia  towards  us  was 
friendly.  Their  wishes  were  that  Spain  should  do  us  justice 
and  ratify  the  treaty.  Their  advice  to  us  was  in  favor  of  peace 
— of  our  own  peace  with  Spain,  and  of  the  general  peace  of 
Europe,  in  which  they  are  all  interested.  There  was  a  material 
difference  between  a  wish  manifested  by  such  a  power  and  in 
such  a  manner,  and  the  wish  of  a  malevolent  power  expressed 
in  a  dictatorial  or  menacing  manner.  To  such  a  manifestation 
I  would  not  only  show  no  deference,  but  would  at  once  meet 
it  with  the  most  determined  resistance.  Calhoun  readily  ad 
mitted  this  difference.  I  said  that  as  to  a  change  of  policy  on 
the  part  of  the  Executive,  there  was  in  reality  none.  The  Presi 
dent  had  recommended  at  the  commencement  of  the  session 
that  a  discretionary  power  should  be  given  to  take  Florida  and 
indemnify  the  claimants,  as  the  treaty  had  provided ;  but  to 
wait  for  the  Minister  who  is  to  come  for  explanations,  if  he 
should  arrive  during  the  session  of  Congress.  But  Congress 


1 820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  3! 

had  not  given  that  discretionary  power ;  the  Minister  had  not 
arrived,  but  Forsyth  says  may  be  expected  in  May,  and  Galla- 
tin  says  not  till  after  the  close  of  the  session  of  Congress.  The 
Committee  of  Foreign  Relations  have  reported  a  bill  positively 
requiring  the  President  to  take  possession  of  Florida  ;  admitting 
in  their  report  that  in  that  case  the  contested  grants  will  all  be 
good  against  the  United  States,  and  proposing  to  look  west 
ward  of  the  Sabine  for  future  satisfaction  of  the  claims.  For 
syth  intimates  as  probable  that  this  is  precisely  what  the  Spanish 
.Government  wishes ;  that  we  should  take  possession,  and  thus 
strengthen  their  claim  to  the  confirmation  of  the  grants.  If  the 
bill  proposed  by  the  Committee  of  Foreign  Relations  passes,  it 
will  play  the  game  into  the  hands  of  Spain.  If  it  fails,  Con 
gress  will  do  nothing;  but  the  session  will  terminate  leaving 
to  the  world  and  to  the  expected  Spanish  negotiator  the  appear 
ance  of  disagreement  between  the  Executive  and  the  Legis 
lature — a  disagreement,  too,  after  long  and  violent  debates, 
which  cannot  fail  to  arise  on  the  proposed  bill.  The  debates 
may  perhaps  take  place,  notwithstanding  the  message  should 
be  sent ;  but  the  vote  in  the  end  will  agree  with  the  President's 
recommendation.  The  Executive  and  Legislature  will  harmo 
nize  together,  and  all  our  resources  for  negotiation  with  the 
coming  Spaniard  will  remain  unimpaired.  These  arguments, 
entirely  decisive  to  my  mind,  were  not  satisfactory  to  Calhoun: 
he  seemed  apprehensive  that  the  Executive  would  come  in 
collision  with  the  Committee  of  Foreign  Relations,  and  there 
was  some  question  whether  the  Emperor  of  Russia  himself 
would  be  pleased  to  have  his  name  used  in  the  message.  The 
President  finally  determined  that  I  should  take  the  draft  of  the 
message  and  show  it  to  Mr.  Lowndes,  the  Chairman  of  the 
Committee  of  Foreign  Relations,  and  to  Mr.  Poletica,  the  Rus 
sian  Minister,  and  after  hearing  their  opinions  of  the  measure 
it  should  be  determined  by  another  Administration  meeting 
whether  the  message  should  be  sent  or  not. 

22d.  Before  I  left  my  house  this  morning  to  go  to  my  office, 
VV.  S.  Smith  came  in  and  told  me  that  Commodore  Decatur 
had  just  been  brought  in  from  Bladensburg,  mortally  wounded 
in  a  duel  with  Commodore  James  Barren,  who  was  also 


32  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

wounded,  but  not  dangerously.  I  went  immediately  to  De- 
catur's  house ;  on  the  way  met  Captains  McDonough  and 
Ballard,  who  were  coming  from  it,  and  whose  information  was 
discouraging  but  not  decisive.  At  the  house  I  saw  Generals 
Brown  and  Harper,  Colonel  Bomford,  and  E.  Wycr.  Brown 
and  Harper  were  flattered  by  some  uncertainties  of  Dr.  Lovell, 
the  Surgeon-General,  who,  I  suppose,  thinks  it  humane  to  keep 
Mrs.  Decatur  and  her  father,  who  is  with  her,  in  suspense  as 
long  as  possible.  Wyer,  who  had  seen  Decatur,  told  me  that 
he  could  not  survive  the  day.  He  died  between  nine  and  ten 
o'clock  this  evening.  The  nation  has  lost  in  him  one  of  its 
heroes — one  who  has  illustrated  its  history  and  given  grace 
and  dignity  to  its  character  in  the  eyes  of  the  world.  He  was 
warm-hearted,  cheerful,  unassuming,  gentle  in  deportment, 
friendly  and  hospitable,  beloved  in  social  life;  with  a  soul  all 
devoted  to  his  country,  and  a  sense  of  honor  too  disdainful  of 
life,  since  it  could  not  attain  that  highest  summit  of  magna 
nimity  which  deliberately  refuses  the  guilt  and  exposure  of 
private  war.  He  has  fallen  in  a  duel,  and  his  dying  breath  was 
a  sigh  of  compunction  that  it  was  not  in  his  country's  cause. 

The  sensation  in  the  city  and  neighborhood  produced  by  this 
catastrophe  was  unusually  great.  But  the  lamentations  at  the 
practice  of  duelling  were,  and  will  be,  fruitless,  as  they  always 
are.  Forbes  called  at  my  house  this  evening;  he  had  been 
sitting  an  hour  with  Barren,  who  is  at  Beale's  Congress  Hotel, 
on  Capitol  Hill.  He  has  a  ball  in  his  body,  which  spared  his 
life  by  hitting  and  glancing  from  the  hip-bone.  The  cause  of 
the  duel  is  said  to  have  been  Decatur's  resistance,  as  one  of  the 
Commissioners  of  the  Navy,  to  the  restoration  of  Barren  to  the 
naval  service.  Barren  had  been  suspended  for  five  years,  from 
1807,  by  the  sentence  of  a  Court-martial,  of  which  Decatur  was 
a  member,  for  the  unfortunate  affair  of  the  Chesapeake  frigate 
with  Berkeley's  squadron.  The  five  years  expired  during  our 
late  war  with  Great  Britain.  Barron  was  then  in  Europe,  and 
did  not  return  to  the  United  States  during  our  war  with  Great 
Britain;  though  he  made  application  for  a  passage  in  the  John 
Adams,  from  Gottenburg,  in  June,  1814.  After  the  peace  he 
came  back,  and  claimed  to  be  restored  to  active  employment, 


1820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

which  it  is  said  Decatur  prevented  him  from  obtaining.  He 
has  also  spoken  of  him  in  slighting  and  contemptuous  terms. 
A  correspondence  of  mutual  crimination  and  defiance  has  been 
passing  between  them  since  last  June,  and  is  now  to  be  pub 
lished.  I  left  at  Decatur's  house  offers  of  any  service  in  my 
power,  or  in  that  of  Mrs.  Adams,  who  also  called  herself  and 
made  the  same  tender. 

I  had  requested  to  see  Mr.  Poletica,  the  Russian  Minister, 
and  he  came  between  three  and  four  o'clock.  I  mentioned  to 
him  the  President's  intention  to  send  in  a  message  to  Congress 
conformable  to  the  wishes  which  had  been  expressed  by  his 
Government,  and  asked  him  if  it  would  be  satisfactory  to  the 
Emperor  that  public  reference  should  be  made  to  the  senti 
ments  avowed  by  him  concerning  the  settlement  of  our  differ 
ences  with  Spain.  He  said  he  was  sure  it  would  be  entirely 
satisfactory,  and  even  very  gratifying  to  the  Emperor.  I  asked 
him  to  show  me  again  the  dispatch  from  Count  Nesselrode,  and 
the  letters  from  Capo  d'Istrias  and  Pozzo  di  Borgo,  which  he 
had  shown  me  before.  He  promised  to  bring  them  to  me  to 
morrow.  He  also  mentioned  a  singular  letter  from  La  Serna, 
the  Spanish  Charge  d'Affaires,  to  him,  complaining  that  I  had 
alleged  in  a  letter,  now  published,  to  the  Chairman  of  the  Com 
mittee  of  Foreign  Relations,  that  we  had  been  told  by  France 
and  Russia  that  in  the  present  state  of  our  differences  with 
Spain,  all  Europe  was  in  our  favor  and  against  Spain — and,  with 
something  like  niaiserie,  asking  him  whether  he  had  told  me  so. 
La  Serna,  he  said,  had  written  precisely  such  another  letter  to 
Mr.  De  Neuville,  but  had  not  yet  sent  it,  owing  to  the  distress 
of  De  Neuville  and  his  family  consequent  upon  the  news  of 
the  assassination  of  the  Duke  de  Berri.  He  said  it  was  easy 
for  him  to  have  answered  La  Serna,  that  for  what  he  said  or 
wrote  he  was  accountable  to  his  own  master  only ;  but,  as  they 
were  upon  good  terms,  he  had  answered  him  that  he  certainly 
had  never  arrogated  the  absurdity  of  speaking  in  the  name 
of  all  Europe;  and  that,  in  the  absence  of  all  suggestion  of 
reasons  by  Spain  for  withholding  the  ratification  of  the  treaty, 
the  Emperor  would  very  naturally  conclude  that  the  treaty  was 
favorable  to  Spain,  since  the  King  had  liberally  bestowed  favors 
VOL.  v.— 3 


34  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

upon  every  person  concerned  in  the  making  of  it.  He  said  he 
would  show  me  the  letters  to-morrow. 

I  called  at  the  President's,  and  he  gave  me  the  draft  of  a 
message  to  Congress,  with  authority  to  show  it  to  Poletica  and 
to  Mr.  Lowndes,  Chairman  of  the  Committee  of  Foreign  Rela 
tions,  whom  he  requested  me  to  see  and  consult. 

23d.  The  hour  of  meeting  of  the  House  of  Representatives 
having  nearly  passed  this  morning,  and  Mr.  Lowndes  not 
having  called  at  my  house,  I  went  to  his.  He  was  in  the 
neighborhood,  at  Mr.  Seaton's,  making  arrangements  for  the 
funeral  of  Mr.  Calhoun's  child.  I  called  for  him  there,  and  he 
returned  with  me  to  his  house.  I  read  to  him  the  draft  of  a 
message  prepared  by  the  President  to  be  sent  to  Congress  upon 
the  affairs  of  Spain  and  Florida,  and  told  him  that  the  President 
had  directed  me  to  consult  him  with  regard  to  the  expediency 
of  sending  it.  He  gave  no  distinct  opinion,  but  from  the  tenor 
of  his  remarks  I  concluded  that  the  message  would  rather  meet 
than  oppose  his  views.  He  said  that  he  was  prepared  to  sup 
port  the  bill  reported  by  the  Committee  of  Foreign  Relations, 
though  he  had  no  expectation  that  it  would  pass ;  and  if  the 
message  should  be  sent,  he  would  wish  it  to  come  in  soon,  be 
fore  the  Military  Appropriation  bill  shall  have  been  finally  acted 
upon,  because  it  had  been  very  unjustly  said  in  the  House,  and 
he  had  repelled  the  suggestion,  that  the  object  of  the  report 
and  bill  of  the  committee  had  only  been  to  get  through  the 
military  appropriations  without  retrenchment. 

I  observed  to  Mr.  Lowndes  that  the  report  of  the  committee 
appeared  to  admit  that  if  we  should  take  possession  of  Florida 
without  the  ratification  of  the  treaty,  we  should  be  bound  to 
recognize  the  contested  grants  as  valid ;  in  which  case  the 
claims  of  indemnity  would  remain  totally  unprovided  for.  He 
admitted  that  the  report  might  bear  that  construction,  but  said 
it  was  not  intended.  The  intention  merely  was  to  signify  to 
Spain  that  if,  by  the  validity  of  the  grants,  the  fund  from  which 
the  claims  were  to  be  indemnified  should  fail,  we  should  then 
look  westward  of  the  Sabine  for  the  necessary  substitute. 

Mr.  Poletica  called  at  my  office,  and  showed  me  again  the 
dispatch  which  he  has  received  from  Count  Nesselrode,  and 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  35 

the  letters  from  Capo  d'lstrias  and  Pozzo  di  Borgo,  concerning 
our  Spanish  affairs.  I  asked  him  if  he  was  willing  to  let  me 
have  copies  of  the  passages  in  them  relating  to  that  subject. 
He  said  that  the  dispatch  being  public  and  official,  he  did  not 
think  he  could  refuse  me  a  copy  of  it ;  the  extracts  from  the  pri 
vate  letters  he  should  give  me  in  confidence.  He  also  showed 
me  the  letters  which  have  passed  between  him  and  La  Serna, 
which  he  had  mentioned  to  me  yesterday.  After  having  made 
these  communications  to  Poletica,  I  thought  it  necessary  to 
show  the  same  attention  to  the  French  Minister,  and  sent  a 
note  to  him  requesting  him  to  call  at  my  office;  he  came,  and 
I  read  to  him  the  draft  of  the  message,  with  which  he  also 
declared  himself  to  be  highly  gratified.  At  the  President's,  I 
informed  him  of  the  sentiments  expressed  by  the  French  and 
Russian  Ministers  with  regard  to  the  proposed  message,  and 
told  him  that  I  had  again  seen  the  dispatch  and  letters  to  Po 
letica,  which  fully  warranted  what  I  had  said  of  them;  that 
he  had  also  promised  me  copies  of  them  in  confidence.  The 
President  said  he  would  then  send  the  message  without  calling 
another  Cabinet  meeting. 

24th.  The  French  Minister  had  given  a  public  invitation  in 
the  newspapers  requesting  the  attendance  of  public  characters 
at  the  Roman  Catholic  Church  of  St.  Patrick's  at  ten  o'clock 
this  morning,  a  funeral  solemnity  for  the  Duke  de  Berri ;  and 
he  and  Madame  De  Neuville  had  also  sent  a  special  invitation 
to  Mrs.  Adams  and  me,  and  we  went.  The  church  was  crowded 
to  overflowing.  The  ceremony  was  nearly  three  hours  long, 
and  a  funeral  discourse  at  once  judicious  and  eloquent  was  de 
livered  by  an  Irish  Jesuit  named  Father  Kenny.  With  some 
peculiarities  of  manner  rather  unpleasant,  an  occasional  appear 
ance  of  choking,  as  if  his  words  were  too  big  for  the  passage  of 
his  throat,  an  occasional  bracing  back  of  his  surplice-sleeves, 
reminding  one  of  a  butcher  baring  his  arms  to  stick  a  bullock, 
his  language  was  refined  and  elegant,  his  sentiments  pious, 
benevolent,  and  appropriate  to  the  occasion ;  his  notices  of  the 
murdered  Prince  suitable  and  unaffected,  without  exaggeration 
or  servility ;  his  allusions  to  the  particular  incidents  of  the 
atrocious  crime  ingenious  and  pathetic.  He  closed,  however, 


36  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

with  a  professional  and  somewhat  commonplace  invective 
against  the  infidel  philosophy  of  the  age. 

After  the  service  was  over,  I  went  to  my  office;  and  attended 
the  funeral  of  Decatur.  There  were  said  to  be  ten  thousand 
persons  assembled.  An  order  of  procession  had  been  an 
nounced  in  the  newspapers,  and  was  inverted  at  the  house. 
The  procession  walked  to  Kalorama,  where  the  body  was  de 
posited  in  the  family  vault  of  the  Barlows.  A  very  short 
prayer  was  made  at  the  vault  by  Dr.  Hunter,  and  a  volley  of 
musketry  from  a  detachment  of  the  Marine  Corps  closed  the 
ceremony  over  the  earthly  remains  of  a  spirit  as  kindly,  as 
generous,  and  as  dauntless  as  breathed  in  this  nation,  or  on 
this  earth.  I  walked  with  Mr.  Crawford. 

John  Randolph  was  there;  first  walking,  then  backing  his 
horse,  then  calling  for  his  phaeton,  and  lastly  crowding  up 
to  the  vault  as  the  coffin  was  removed  into  it  from  the  hearse 
— tricksy  humors  to  make  himself  conspicuous.  Yesterday 
he  made  a  motion  in  the  House  of  Representatives  that  the 
House  should  adjourn  over  this  day  to  attend  Decatur's 
funeral,  and  that  the  members  should  wear  crape  to  honor  his 
memory.  John  W.  Taylor  opposed  the  motion,  professing 
great  respect  for  Decatur's  character,  but  disapproving  the 
manner  of  his  death.  The  House  rejected  Randolph's  motion, 
and  one  which  he  immediately  afterwards  made  to  adjourn. 
This  day  he  repeated  the  motion  to  adjourn  to  attend  the 
funeral,  which  was  again  rejected.  This  feeble  and  negative 
censure  upon  the  practice  of  duelling  is  all  that  can  be  obtained 
from  Congress. 

25th.  Colonel  R.  M.  Johnson  came  to  enquire  about  the 
Agencies  to  South  America.  Torres  and  Forsyth  and  Thorn 
ton  and  Duane  fasten  upon  him  to  promote  each  his  own 
views,  while  Worthington,  B.  Irvine,  and  W.  D.  Robinson  are 
all  groping  in  passages  underground,  continually  crossing  one 
another,  and  all  masking  interested  projects  under  the  garb  of 
South  American  patriotism. 

Mr.  King  had  a  conversation  with  me  of  two  hours  upon 
various  public  concerns.  He  says  our  finances  are  in  a  very 
bad  condition ;  much  worse  than  they  have  been  represented 


iS20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT' OF  STATE.  ^ 

by  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury,  of  whose  currency  report,  as 
it  is  called,  he  spoke  with  great  contempt. 

I  observed  that  the  resolution  of  the  House  of  Representa 
tives  upon  which  that  report  was  prepared  had  an  insidious 
aspect,  and  had  led  me  to  the  suspicion  that  John  C.  Spencer, 
a  shrewd  and  warm  partisan  of  De  Witt  Clinton,  who  intro 
duced  it,  had  among  his  motives  that  of  ensnaring  Crawford, 
the  rival  candidate  for  the  future  Presidency  against  Clinton, 
into  the  disclosure  of  some  doctrine  which  would  affect  his 
popularity.  The  report  seemed  also  aware  of  such  a  design, 
and  its  character  most  strongly  marked  was  that  of  avoiding 
commitment  upon  every  important  question  belonging  to  the 
subject  King  said  Spencer  might  have  had  such  an  intention, 
and  certainly  the  result  had  been  to  show  that  Crawford  was 
quite  incompetent  to  the  emergency  to  which  our  fiscal  affairs 
are  infallibly  verging.  The  only  merit  of  the  report  was  that 
it  discouraged  paper  money ;  so  far  it  was  good,  but  it  was  not 
a  subject  upon  which  a  doubt  could  be  tolerable.  The  rest  was 
commonplace,  culled  from  the  statistic  and  economic  pamphlets 
of  the  last  century ;  sometimes  by  the  page  at  a  time.  Every 
important  point  was  evaded.  Nothing  useful,  or  even  inge 
nious,  was  proposed.  A  base  metal  coinage,  questionable  in  its 
policy,  was  the  only  project  proposed,  and  the  end  would  be 
the  indispensable  necessity  of  a  loan. 

King  talked  much  also  of  the  contested  election  now  ap 
proaching  in  New  York  between  De  Witt  Clinton,  the  present 
Governor,  for  re-election,  and  D.  D.  Tompkins,  now  Vice-Presi 
dent,  who,  it  seems,  prefers  returning  to  the  State  Government. 
Both  parties  have  been  anxious  to  obtain  the  support  of  King, 
whose  influence  it  is  supposed  would  carry  many  federal  votes. 
But  he  avoids  taking  a  decided  part  in  favor  of  either  side. 
The  objections  against  Clinton  are  political  tergiversations, 
intrigues,  caballing,  and  insatiable  ambition.  Those  against 
Tompkins  are  that  his  accounts  as  formerly  Governor  of  New 
York  are  unsettled,  and  that  a  large  balance  stands  against 
him,  for  the  expenditure  of  which  he  can  produce  no  vouchers. 
They  are  both  men  of  talents,  and  from  early  youth  have  been 
in  a  succession  of  important  public  offices ;  Clinton  supported 


^8  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

by  an  aristocratic  name  and  hereditary  family  influence,  and 
Tompkins  by  extreme  popularity  of  manners  and  deportment. 
Tompkins's  politics  have  always  been  moderate  and  consistent. 
Clinton's  have  been  sometimes  violent,  and  always  changeable. 
His  own  aggrandizement  has  been  the  only  test  of  his  party 
attachments,  and  he  has,  consequently,  been  a  mere  man  of 
coalitions.  King,  who,  by  his  position  in  the  State  of  New 
York,  has  been  occasionally  the  rival  and  antagonist  of  both, 
has  now  a  delicate  and  difficult  course  to  steer  between  them. 
They  are  both  his  juniors,  as  well  in  age  as  in  public  service, 
by  at  least  ten  years,  and  both  have  stood  and  yet  stand  in  his 
way.  King  is  one  of  the  men  who  have  been  held  up  as  can 
didates  for  the  Presidency,  and  certainly  one  of  the  men  the 
most  qualified  for  it  in  the  Union.  He  has  had  many  vicissi 
tudes  of  political  fortune,  ebbs  and  floods  of  the  tide  of  popu 
larity.  He  has  been  more  than  thirty  years  in  the  first  line  of 
American  statesmen,  and  lives  in  continual  expectation  of  a 
chance  which  may  raise  him  to  the  summit  of  our  public  edi 
fice.  It  can  but  be  favorable  to  him  that  Clinton  and  Tomp 
kins  should,  by  their  competition,  keep  each  other  down,  and 
it  would  not  suit  his  views  to  give  strength  or  permanency  to 
the  triumph  of  either.  One  of  Clinton's  partisans,  some  months 
since,  very  indiscreetly  boasted  that  King  had  expressed  him 
self  decisively  in  favor  of  his  re-election.  This  was  imme 
diately  denied,  and  was  followed  by  a  discussion  in  the  news 
papers,  at  the  close  of  which  King  authorized  a  disclaimer  of 
it  in  the  New  York  Evening  Post.  On  the  other  hand,  King 
told  me  that  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  whose  son  married  the 
Vice-President's  eldest  daughter,  had  solicited  him  to  declare 
himself  in  favor  of  Tompkins,  which  he  had  declined  for  two 
reasons  :  one,  because  Tompkins  had  not  been  explicit  in  his 
conduct  on  the  late  slavery  question,  and  the  other,  that  his 
accounts  ought  to  be  settled  before  he  could  stand  fair  as  a 
candidate  for  the  office  of  Governor. 

King  told  me  also  that  he  had  last  summer  purchased  some 
shares  in  the  United  States  Bank  for  the  sake  of  assisting  them 
in  their  difficulties,  and  had  attended  the  meeting  of  the  stock 
holders  at  Philadelphia  in  November.  He  intimated  that  it 


i820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


39 


was  by  his  influence  that  the  meeting  had  passed  off  with  reso 
lutions  supporting  the  course  of  the  President,  L.  Cheves,  but 
that  it  would  still  meet  with  great  and  many  difficulties ;  and 
said  that  immediately  after  his  re-election  as  Senator  he  had 
sold  out  all  his  bank  stock  again,  to  be  wholly  unshackled  by 
any  private  interest  in  it  while  he  might  be  called  to  act  upon 
it  in  his  public  station.  He  thinks,  as  I  have  long  thought,  that 

J-  DO* 

the  Government  is  the  party  most  interested  in  the  continuance 
of  the  bank,  and  that  the  interest  of  the  stockholders  would  be 
to  surrender  their  charter. 

I  went  to  the  President's,  and  took  with  me  the  papers  fur 
nished  me  by  Poletica — copies  of  the  extracts  of  letters  to  him 
on  our  Spanish  affairs.  The  President  then  asked  me  whether 
it  would  not  be  better  for  him  to  strike  out  that  paragraph  of 
the  message  which  mentioned  the  wishes  expressed  by  the 
Russian  and  French  Governments,  that  we  should  abstain  from 
all  forcible  measures  and  wait  to  hear  the  expected  Spanish 
Minister.  I  told  him  that,  after  all  the  reflection  I  could  give 
to  the  subject,  my  opinion  wras  that  it  would  be  best  to  retain 
the  paragraph.  It  would  certainly  excite  some  censure  in  Con 
gress  and  some  in  the  country  ;  but  the  manifestation  of  that 
very  censure  would  strengthen  the  Executive  in  the  negotiation 
and  have  a  favorable  counter-effect  in  Europe.  The  interposi 
tion  was  of  a  character  justifiable  in  itself,  and  the  jealousy 
against  it  was  over-sensitive.  For  as  a  war  between  us  and 
Spain  could  scarcely  fail  to  kindle  a  war  in  Europe  which  would 
involve  both  France  and  Russia,  they  had  a  strong  interest  of 
their  own  in  the  event,  which  gave  them  a  right  at  least  to 
advise  peace.  The  President  concluded  to  retain  the  paragraph, 
and  desired  me  to  have  two  copies  of  the  documents  to  be 
transmitted  with  the  message  ready  to  be  sent  to  Congress  on 
Monday ;  and  to  ascertain  from  Poletica  whether  he  was  will 
ing  that  a  translation  of  the  extract  from  Nesselrode's  dispatch 
to  him  should  be  communicated  with  the  other  papers. 

27th.  I  had  received  a  note  from  Mr.  James  Brown,  Chair 
man  of  a  committee  of  the  Senate  to  whom  had  been  referred 
two  resolutions  offered  by  Mr.  King,  of  New  York,  proposing 
further  prohibitions  of  the  commercial  intercourse  between  the 


4O  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

United  States  and  the  British  Colonies,  to  attend  the  com 
mittee  at  ten  o'clock  this  morning.  I  was  there  accordingly. 
The  committee  consisted  of  Messrs.  Brown,  Barbour,  Hunter, 
Macon,  and  Walker,  of  Georgia.  The  Secretary  of  the 
Treasury  was  also  there  at  the  request  of  the  committee, 
and  Mr.  King  himself  attended.  The  object  of  the  committee 
was  to  ask  for  information  with  respect  to  the  operation  of 
the  Navigation  Act  of  April,  1818 — also  concerning  the  effect 
of  the  French  tariff  of  duties  upon  our  shipping ;  and  the 
opinions  of  Mr.  Crawford  and  myself  upon  the  expediency  of 
extending  the  prohibitions  to  the  British  Colonies  which  are 
yet  open,  and  to  pass  countervailing  duties  to  meet  the  French 
oppressive  discrimination  between  importations  in  French  or 
in  American  vessels.  The  opinions  both  of  Mr.  Crawford  and 
myself  were  in  favor  of  both  these  measures.  There  appeared 
no  decided  aversion  to  their  adoption  in  the  committee.  Mr. 
Macon,  who  is  a  sort  of  political  Walter  Shandy,  expressed, 
however,  some  doubts  whether  the  people  in  the  United  States, 
interested  in  the  trade  to  be  affected  by  the  prohibitions,  would 
have  the  firmness  and  perseverance  necessary  for  allowing 
them  to  produce  their  full  effect  upon  the  adverse  party;  that 
we  might  rely  upon  it  this  effect  would  not  be  speedily  pro 
duced  ;  that  Great  Britain  especially  was  not  going  to  give  up 
in  this  contest  within  one,  two,  or  three  years — Great  Britain 
and  the  other  European  powers  would  wait  to  see  how  we 
should  get  along  with  our  own  concerns.  During  the  whole 
discussion  of  the  Missouri  question,  every  one  of  the  Ministers 
from  all  the  European  powers  residing  here  was  attending  the 
debate  as  constantly  as  he  himself  did,  and  he  was  not  absent 
from  it  an  hour.  They  were  not  there  for  nothing.  He  had 
no  cloubt  every  one  of  them  had  reported  to  his  Government 
what  had  passed ;  and  the  consequence  would  be  that  Great 
Britain,  and  France  too,  would  be  in  no  haste  to  yield  to  us 
upon  any  point  of  difference  which  we  have  with  them.  Great 
Britain,  especially  upon  commercial  affairs,  was  not  a  yielding 
power.  Her  Colonial  system  was  nearly  two  hundred  years 
old.  We  had  been  struggling  against  it  ever  since  the  acknowl 
edgment  of  our  independence,  and  we  might  be  sure  we  should 


1820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

not  now  bring  her  to  our  terms  in  the  course  of  a  few  months. 
It  would  be  better,  therefore,  to  abandon  even  the  restrictions 
which  we  have  already  laid  than  to  increase  them,  if,  after  all, 
they  will  bear  upon  our  own  people  so  severely  as  to  disgust 
them  ;  for  in  that  case  we  shall  lose  character  by  retracting, 
and  shall  never  be  able  to  renew  the  contest. 

I  concurred  entirely  with  Mr.  Macon,  that  we  must  not 
expect  that  either  France  or  Great  Britain  would  soon  or  easily 
be  brought  to  terms  ;  that  their  giving  up  at  all,  and  in  any 
degree,  would  depend  upon  the  success  of  our  measures,  which 
are,  and  necessarily  must  be,  experimental.  It  was,  however, 
certain  that  in  the  case  of  the  Gypsum  Laws,  Great  Britain  had 
yielded  completely  to  a  pressure  like  that  now  proposed,  and  if 
upon  the  trial  she  should  now  find  it  for  her  interest,  I  had  no 
doubt  she  would  yield  again.  It  was  true  that  this  conflict  had 
arisen  immediately  after  the  acknowledgment  of  our  independ 
ence,  but  it  was  equally  true  that  we  had  never  until  now  had 
the  opportunity  of  trying  our  strength  by  countervailing  laws. 
The  Congress  of  the  Confederation  had  no  authority  to  regulate 
commerce,  and  no  concurrence  of  the  States  could  be  obtained 
to  concert  countervailing  regulations.  Massachusetts  attempted 
a  Navigation  Act,  which  only  threw  all  her  trade  into  the  ports 
of  the  neighboring  States.  The  French  Revolution  broke  out 
the  same  year  that  the  present  Constitution  of  the  United  States 
was  adopted.  The  Revolutionary  Wars  immediately  followed, 
during  which  the  Colonial  system  of  Great  Britain  was  sus 
pended,  and  so  continued  until  the  Peace  of  1815.  It  was  then 
renewed,  and  only  since  then  that  we  have  had  occasion  to 
oppose  it.  I  then  related  the  substance  of  a  letter  lately 
received  from  R.  Rush,  showing  that  the  Navigation  Act  of 
1818  had  already  produced  a  considerable  effect,  and  was  likely 
to  produce  still  more ;  and  mentioned  the  reports  received  from 
R.  Maury,  the  Consul  at  Liverpool,  from  which  it  appears  that 
nearly  all  our  direct  trade  with  England  is  now  carried  on  in 
American  vessels. 

Mr.  Crawford's  information  was  of  the  same  complexion.  He 
was  asked  whether  the  proposed  prohibitions  would  not  have 
an  unfavorable  effect  upon  the  revenue,  and  said  he  thought 


42  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

not.  The  trade  would  be  carried  on  to  as  great  an  extent  as 
heretofore,  but  it  would  be  through  the  medium  of  the  Swedish 
or  Danish  islands.  Some  questions  were  asked  as  to  the  ex 
pediency  or  practicability  of  preventing  the  smuggling  trade 
on  the  northern  frontier  with  Canada ;  but  it  was  supposed  it 
would  not  be  considerable,  and  the  prevention  of  it  was  con 
sidered  as  hopeless.  Some  difficulties  were  also  anticipated  as 
to  the  means  of  preventing  frauds  in  the  proof  of  origin  of  the 
restricted  articles;  but  experience  indicated  that  this  object 
could  be  secured  to  a  competent  extent  by  regulation.  Almost 
all  the  papers  received  at  the  Departments  and  bearing  upon  the 
enquiry  were  in  the  hands  of  the  Chairman  of  the  Committee 
of  Commerce  of  the  House  of  Representatives,  who  was  absent 
from  the  city,  and  the  papers  could  not  now  be  obtained. 

We  left  the  committee  in  session,  and  I  went  into  the  House 
of  Representatives,  where  they  were  debating  at  the  third  read 
ing  Pindell's  bill  for  reducing  to  twenty-five  the  number  of  news 
papers  in  which  the  laws  are  to  be  printed.  The  question  upon 
the  passage  of  the  bill  was  taken  by  yeas  and  nays,  and  carried 
— seventy-nine  to  seventy-seven.  The  Clerk  had  recorded  the 
votes  seventy-seven  to  seventy-nine ;  but  two  of  the  members 
who  had  been  entered  in  the  negative  changed  their  votes. 

While  I  was  there,  the  message  from  the  President  upon 
Spanish  affairs  and  Florida  was  brought  in  and  read.  G.  Hay 
was  sitting  by  my  side.  Archer,  the  new  member  from  Vir 
ginia,  immediately  came  up  to  me,  and  asked  whether,  if  Spain 
should  now  ratify  the  treaty,  it  would  not  be  necessary  to  have 
it  laid  again  before  the  Senate.  I  said  I  supposed  not.  He 
said  he  was  sorry  for  it.  In  his  opinion  it  was  the  worst  treeity 
the  country  had  ever  made.  Hay  asked  him  why.  Because 
we  should  get  by  it  nothing  but  Florida,  and  gave  away  for  it 
a  country  worth  fifty  times  as  much.  I  asked  him  if  he  had 
examined  the  validity  of  our  title  to  the  valuable  country  of 
which  he  spoke.  He  said,  no.  I  told  him  he  would  find  it 
weak ;  and  rather  a  claim  than  a  title.  Hay  said  that  there 
had  been  on  our  side  a  strong  argument  and  a  weak  title. 
Archer  did  not  reply. 

Mr.  E.  B.  Caldwell  was   here   this   morning.     I  asked  him 


1 820.]  THE   DEPAK7\MENT  OF  STATE.  43 

something  about  a  very  extraordinary  sally  of  Judge  Johnson's 
on  the  Bench,  at  the  close  of  the  late  session  of  the  Supreme 
Court  here,  in  which  he  had  indulged  himself  in  sharp  reflec 
tions  upon  the  Executive  Government,  the  Attorney-General, 
and,  among  others,  upon  me.  He  spoke,  it  was  said,  ih  great 
passion,  and  threatened  to  publish  his  speech,  but  afterwards 
thought  better  of  it.  Caldwell  said  that  he  had  not  remarked 
in  it  any  allusion  to  me;  and  if  there  was  any,  it  had  been  in 
very  general  terms,  as  the  counsel  on  both  sides  in  the  argu 
ment  had  referred  to  an  opinion  said  to  have  been  expressed 
by  me  on  the  question  at  issue.  This  Judge  Johnson  is  a  man 
of  considerable  talents  and  law  knowledge,  but  a  restless,  turbu 
lent,  hot-headed,  politician  caballing  Judge.  He  has  been  an 
ardent  canvasser  for  Crawford,  and,  though  a  Judge  flaringly 
independent,  a  place-hunter  for  himself  and  his  brother,  a 
carpenter  in  Charleston.  He  obtained,  through  Crawford's 
influence,  the  appointment  of  Collector  for  the  port  of  Charles 
ton,  kept  it  two  or  three  months,  in  doubt  whether  he  would 
accept  it  or  not,  and  then  declined,  attempting  to  bargain  his 
brother  into  it  in  his  place.  This  is  the  man  whose  judicial 
virtue  was  so  much  alarmed  at  the  suspicion  of  Executive 
interference  with  his  duties.  Termagant  virtue  ! 

28th.  I  had  visits  from  Manuel  Torres,  who  now  styles  him 
self  Charge  d'Affaires  from  the  Republic  of  Colombia,  and 
who  came  for  an  answer  to  his  memoir  asking  for  a  sale  of 
arms,  upon  credit,  to  the  Government  of  his  country.  He  told 
me  that  he  expected  here  every  day  Mr.  Zea,  the  Vice-Presi- 
dent  of  the  Republic,  with  Mr.  Salazar,  both  men  of  great 
merit ;  that  Zea  had  important  proposals  to  make  to  the  Gov 
ernment  of  the  United  States ;  that  he  would  show  there  was 
a  good  understanding  and  concert  between  the  Government  of 
Colombia  and  the  leaders  of  the  insurrection  now  prevalent  in 
Spain.  It  would  be  proved  by  letters  from  the  organic  Revolu 
tionary  Committee  residing  at  Gibraltar.  He  said  also  that  he 
supposed  Bolivar  and  the  patriots  had  by  this  time  possession 
of  Carthagena,  and  that  Morillo  had  been  obliged  to  abandon 
the  country  ;  in  which  case  he  further  predicted  that  the  Revo 
lution  would  again  appear  triumphant  in  Mexico,  with  the 


44  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

Viceroy  Apodaca  himself  at  its  head.  It  is  likely  there  is  in 
all  this  some  exaggeration,  but  the  union  of  Venezuela  and 
New  Granada  certainly  now  presents  the  most  remarkable  and 
the  most  powerful  of  the  revolutionary  South  American  Gov- 
ernmehts.  I  told  Torres  that  I  would  take  the.  President's 
directions,  and  send  him  an  answer  to  his  memoir,  but  that, 
to  deal  candidly  with  him,  I  apprehended  there  was  a  want 
of  authority  in  the  Executive  Government  to  dispose  of  arms 
belonging  to  the  public,  to  the  purposes  for  which  he  wanted 
them,  without  the  sanction  of  Congress.  He  appeared  to  be 
fully  aware  of  this  objection,  and  to  have  expected  it.  He 
said  he  only  wanted  an  answer  to  send  to  his  Government.  I 
repeated  to  the  President  the  substance  of  what  Torres  had 
told  me,  and  he  determined  to  take  the  opinion  of  all  the 
members  of  the  Administration  upon  the  proposal  for  the  pur 
chase  of  arms,  and  desired  me  to  notify  a  meeting  at  his  house 
to-morrow  at  one  o'clock. 

Captain  Partridge  was  also  at  my  office,  and  his  object  was 
to  urge  the  necessity  of  continuing  the  Agent  to  the  Com 
mission  under  the  fifth  article  of  the  Treaty  of  Ghent.  Under 
the  sixth  and  seventh  articles,  Colonel  Hawkins  has  been  worse 
than  useless,  and  the  expenditure  for  his  salary  and  contin 
gencies  has  really  been  a  waste  of  the  public  money.  Congress 
has  been  long  dissatisfied  with  the  management  of  that  Com 
mission,  and  they  have  now  struck  out  of  the  General  Appro 
priation  bill  the  sum  estimated  for  the  salaries  of  the  Agents 
under  both  the  Commissions.  Partridge  came  to  say  that  he 
had  himself  been  employed  last  summer  in  the  surveys  of  the 
Commission  under  the  fifth  article,  and  that  the  surveys  of  the 
Agent,  Bradley,  had  been,  and  would  continue  to  be,  highly 
important;  that  the  Commissioners  would  be  called  to  decide 
which  of  two  positions  was  the  place  described  in  the  Treaty  of 
1783  as  the  highlands  dividing  the  waters  that  flow  into  the 
Atlantic  from  the  waters  that  flow  into  the  St.  Lawrence ; 
that  this  would  be  a  subject  of  argument  and  discussion  be 
fore  the  Commissioners,  for  which  Bradley  had  made  laborious 
preparation.  The  question,  too,  whether  Rouse's  Point  is  in 
the  State  of  New  York  or  in  Canada,  is  another  object  to  be 


1 820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

settled  upon  argument  by  that  Commission.  I  mentioned  all 
this  to  the  President,  who  requested  me  to  see  the  Chairman 
of  the  committee  of  the  Senate  to  whom  the  General  Appro 
priation  bill  is  referred,  and  to  obtain  the  restoration  at  least 
of  the  item  for  the  salary  of  the  Agent  to  the  Commission 
under  the  fifth  article,  and,  if  possible,  to  get  the  other  Agency 
restored  also,  as  he  was  disposed  to  nominate  Major  Vande- 
venter  for  it.  I  mentioned  these  wishes  of  the  President  to 
Mr.  Sanford,  who  is  the  Chairman  of  the  Senate's  committee, 
and  who  was  this  evening  at  my  house. 

29th.  I  attended  at  one  o'clock  the  meeting  at  the  President's. 
Messrs.  Crawford,  Calhoun,  and  Thompson,  the  Secretary  of  the 
Navy,  were  there,  the  latter  having  returned  on  the  23d  from 
New  York.  He  walked  in  the  procession  at  Decatur's  funeral. 
Wirt  was  not  at  the  meeting  this  day,  being  confined,  unwell, 
at  home.  The  President  proposed  for  consideration  the  ques 
tion,  upon  the  proposal  of  Manuel  Torres,  that  the  Government 
should  sell  upon  credit  to  the  Republic  of  Colombia  any  number 
short  of  twenty  thousand  stand  of  arms,  to  enable  them  to  ex 
tend  the  South  American  Revolution  into  Peru  and  Mexico. 
By  one  of  those  back-stair  proceedings  which  I  often  feel  with 
out  seeing,  a  report  has  been  made  from  the  Ordnance  Depart 
ment  to  the  Secretary  of  War,  just  at  the  critical  moment,  that 
there  are  some  thousand  stand  of  English  arms  which  might 
with  advantage  to  the  public  service  be  sold.  In  all  this  Gen 
eral  Mason,  of  Georgetown,  and  Colonel  Bomford,  of  the  Ord 
nance  Department,  have  some  concern.  At  first  it  was  said 
there  were  eight  thousand  stand,  then  it  was  reduced  to  four, 
and  now,  Calhoun  says,  not  more  than  two  thousand.  Duane 
knew  all  this  when  he  wrote  his  place-hunting  letters  to  Col 
onel  R.  M.  Johnson,  for  he  wants  to  smuggle  a  commission  of 
five  per  cent,  out  of  the  transaction  for  himself.  To  this  com 
plexion  ninety-nine-hundredths  of  the  South  American  patriot 
ism,  and  which  has  for  these  three  years  been  flaunting  in  such 
gorgeous  colors  in  this  country,  must  come  at  last! 

Well;  the  question  was  first  discussed  whether  the  Execu 
tive  could  sell  at  all,  without  a  special  authority  from  Congress, 
arms  belonging  to  the  public.  This  was  principally  between  Mr. 


45  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QU1NCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

Crawford  and  Mr.  Calhoun.  The  right  of  the  Executive  to  sell 
was  maintained  by  Calhoun,  entirely  upon  the  ground  of  usage, 
and  yet  he  adduced  no  well-authenticated  precedent  of  a  sale 
without  a  special  authority  by  law.  This  conversation  came  to 
no  determinate  results.  There  was  reference  to  a  certain  loan 
of  gunpowder  which  was  made  by  this  same  Ordnance  Depart 
ment  in  1816,  which  was  afterwards  worked  into  an  exchange, 
then  into  a  purchase,  and  finally  became  a  total  loss  to  the  pub 
lic  ;  and  it  actually  went  to  these  same  South  Americans,  who, 
with  the  richest  mines  in  the  world,  now  want  arms  upon  credit, 
and  offer  to  furnish  specie  hereafter  for  arms  to  be  delivered  now. 
This  gunpowder  plot  shows,  to  be  sure,  how  the  Executive  may 
dispose  of  public  ammunition  (and  why  not  arms?)  without  au 
thority  from  Congress.  But,  unluckily,  during  this  very  session 
this  loan  of  gunpowder  has  been  made  a  subject  of  enquiry  by 
Congress,  and,  although  no  vote  of  censure  has  passed  upon 
it,  it  has  left  a  slimy  track  of  public  opinion  behind.  But  upon 
the  back  of  this  detection  it  would  not  be  safe  to  make  an 
experiment  of  selling  upon  credit  arms  to  carry  the  South 
American  Revolution  into  Peru  and  Mexico. 

There  was  a'  strong  wish  expressed  by  Calhoun  and  Thomp 
son  that  we  might  furnish  these  arms  if  we  could.  Crawford 
was  less  explicit  and  more  shy.  I  gave  no  opinion  till  directly 
appealed  to  by  him — observing  that  it  was  a  question  particu 
larly  involving  the  Foreign  Relations,  and  of  the  resort  of  the 
Department  of  State.  What  says  Mr.  Adams  ? 

I  said  there  was  no  hesitation  in  my  mind.  To  supply  the 
arms  professedly  for  the  purpose  set  forth  in  the  memorial  of 
Torres  would  be  a  direct  departure  from  neutrality,  an  act  of 
absolute  hostility  to  Spain,  for  which  the  Executive  was  not 
competent,  by  the  Constitution,  without  the  authority  of  Con 
gress.  This  was  enough  for  me.  But  I  would  go  further.  It 
would,  in  my  opinion,  be  not  only  an  act  of  war,  but  of  wrong 
ful  and  dishonorable  war,  committed  in  the  midst  of  profes 
sions  of  neutrality.  It  would  also  be  as  impolitic  as  wrongful 
and  unconstitutional.  Neutrality  to  foreign  wars  had,  from  the 
establishment  of  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States,  been 
justly  and  wisely  fixed  as  the  permanent  policy  of  this  nation. 


1 820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

It  was  of  the  utmost  importance  to  adhere  inflexibly  to  that 
system.  Between  it  and  that  of  mingling  in  every  European 
national  war  I  saw  no  middle  term  ;  and  if  we  once  departed 
from  it,  I  saw  no  other  prospect  for  this  nation  than  a  career 
of  washing  their  blood-stained  hands  in  blood.  Upon  every 
principle,  therefore,  of  right,  of  justice,  of  policy,  and  of  hu 
manity,  I  was  opposed  to  the  measure. 

There  was  thenceforth  not  a  word  said  in  its  favor.  Crawford 
intimated  to  me  that  he  did  not  agree  with  me  as  to  its  being 
an  act  of  war.  Thompson  asked  him  what  he  would  say  if  the 
same  application  should  be  made  by  the  other  party — Spain ; 
to  which  he  replied,  laughing,  that  he  should  certainly  reject  it. 
At  all  events,  he  said,  it  was  a  measure  not  expedient  to  be 
taken  without  the  concurrence  of  the  legislature.  Calhoun 
was  most  struck  with  the  constitutional  difficulty,  and  thought 
the  refusal  ought  to  be  put  upon  that  point.  The  decision  was 
unanimous  that  the  proposal  could  not  be  complied  with,  and  I 
am  to  answer  Mr.  Torres  accordingly. 

A  remark  that  I  have  occasion  frequently  to  make  is,  that 
moral  considerations  seldom  appear  to  have  much  weight  in  the 
minds  of  our  statesmen,  unless  connected  with  popular  feelings. 
The  dishonorable  feature  of  giving  secret  aid  to  the  revolution 
ists,  while  openly  professing  neutrality,  was  barely  not  denied. 
The  President  admits  it.  No  one  else  seems  to  think  that  it 
ought  to  stand  in  the  way  of  measures  otherwise  expedient, 
especially  if  supported  by  popular  prejudice.  My  own  deliberate 
opinion  is,  that  the  more  of  pure  moral  principle  is  carried  into 
the  policy  and  conduct  of  a  Government,  the  wiser  and  more 
profound  will  that  policy  be.  If  it  is  not  the  uniform  course  of 
human  events  that  virtue  should  be  crowned  with  success,  it  is 
at  least  the  uniform  will  of  Heaven  that  virtue  should  be  the 
duty  of  man.  There  is  one  event  to  the  righteous  and  to  the 
wicked.  Time  and  chance  happeneth  to  them  all.  So  says 
Divine  Revelation,  and  so  proves  constant  experience.  The 
path  of  virtue  is,  indeed,  not  always  clear,  and  in  the  com 
plication  of  human  affairs  artifice  and  simulation  itself  must 
occasionally  be  practised.  The  sternest  moralists  allow  it  in 
time  of  war,  and  there  may  perhaps  be  occasions  when  it  is 


48  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 


justifiable  2n__^ntemplat[on_ofjvarJ  or  defensi^ely_a.g:aiiist-d€- 
ceptions  of  the  same  kind.  But  it  may,  I  believe,  be  laid  down 
as  an  universal  maxim  that  fraud  is  never  justifiable  where 
force  would  not  be  equally  justifiable  to  effect  the  same  object. 
Fraud  is,  therefore,  a  weapon  essentially  belonging  to  the  re 
lations  of  war,  and  in  them  to  be  very  sparingly  resorted  to  ; 
for  every  instance  of  it,  even  when  justifiable,  tends  when  dis 
covered  to  impair  the  confidence  of  mankind  in  the  sincerity. 
and  integrity  of  him  who  uses  it. 

3Oth.  Visits  from  the  Viscount  de  Quabeck,  Charge  d'Af- 
faires  from  the  kingdom  of  the  Netherlands,  and  from  Dr.  S.  D. 
Forsyth,  the  ambidexter  personage  who  is  a  sort  of  Agent  here 
from  Venezuela,  and  has  been  winding  up-stairs  here  to  get  ap 
pointed  Agent  from  the  United  States  to  that  country.  Quabeck 
came  to  tell  me  that  he  had  received  from  his  Government  per 
mission  of  absence  till  the  next  session  of  Congress  ;  that  he  was 
desirous  of  obtaining  an  audience  of  the  President  to  take  leave. 
He  added  that,  as  he  was  to  return  here  before  the  next  winter, 
the  King  had  not  thought  it  necessary  to  appoint  any  person  to 
act  in  his  stead  during  his  absence  ;  and  that  on  taking  leave 
he  was  charged  to  express  the  regret  of  his  Government  at 
the  perseverance  of  the  representations  made  in  their  name 
in  behalf  of  claims  for  which  the  King's  Government  thinks  it 
ought  not  to  be  responsible. 

I  observed  that  the  discussion  of  these  claims  had  been  hith 
erto  entirely  carried  on  in  Europe,  and  I  did  not  suppose  his 
Government  had  directed  him  to  enter  into  the  merits  of  them 
with  me.  He  said,  certainly  not.  I  then  remarked  that  it  was 
the  earnest  desire  of  this  Government  to  maintain  the  most 
friendly  relations  with  that  of  the  Netherlands,  and  to  do  every 
thing  that  could  manifest  in  the  most  unequivocal  manner  that 
disposition.  But  it  had  also  obligations  of  duty  towards  our 
own  citizens  which  it  could  not  neglect  ;  that  it  considered 
the  claims  of  those  for  whom  it  had  applied  to  the  King  of 
the  Netherlands  as  just  and  undeniable;  it  had  entertained  the 
hope  that  they  would  ultimately  be  so  considered  by  the  King 
himself;  that  we  should  not  incline  to  press  them  with  unsuit 
able  importunity,  but  that,  relying  upon  their  justice,  and  hoping 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

that  they  would  be  finally  recognized  and  satisfied,  they  could 
by  no  means  consent  to  abandon  them. 

He  said  there  was,  and  could  be,  no  question  of  the  injustice 
which  our  citizens  who  brought  forward  these  claims  had  suf 
fered.  It  was  plain  downright  robbery.  But  then  it  had  been 
perpetrated  by  the  universal  robber.  In  ordinary  times,  and 
under  the  usual  law  of  nations,  a  Government  was  answerable 
for  the  wrongs  of  its  predecessors ;  but  the  present  condition 
of  Europe  presented  a  case  "sui  generis,"  to  which  ordinary 
principles  could  not  apply.  The  Government  and  people  of  the 
Netherlands  were  among  the  first  and  greatest  victims  of  Bona 
parte.  They  had  been,  therefore,  robbed  and  plundered  by  the 
same  party  till  they  had  scarcely  anything  left.  It  would  be 
too  much  to  be  obliged  to  put  up  with  their  own  losses  and  to 
make  good  those  of  others  too.  His  duty  was,  however,  dis 
charged,  and  he  should  communicate  faithfully  to  his  Govern 
ment  the  observations  that  I  had  just  made  to  him. 

Forsyth,  before  calling  upon  me,  had  been  with  the  President, 
from  whom  while  he  was  with  me  I  received  a  note  concerning 
him.  This  note  requested  me  to  furnish  Forsyth  with  a  spare 
copy  of  Waite's  State  Papers  and  of  Niles's  Register ;  to  give 
him  a  letter  of  recommendation  or  certificate  of  approbation 
for  Bolivar,  and,  if  possible,  to  give  him  sorrie  agency  for  the 
recovery  of  the  claims  which  had  been  made  by  B.  Irvine,  and 
afterwards  by  Perry ;  also  to  tell  him  that  Mr.  Todd  was  ap 
pointed  the  Agent  to  Venezuela.  I  directed  the  books  to  be 
sent  to  his  lodgings  if  they  could  be  found  in  the  office,  but  we 
were  interrupted  before  I  had  told  him  of  the  appointment  of 
Todd.  He  told  me  that  he  was  now  about  to  return  to  Vene 
zuela,  and  should  embark  from  New  York  with  the  arms  which 
they  have  procured ;  that  he  should  go  with  Mr.  Torres  the 
day  after  to-morrow,  first  to  Philadelphia,  where  he  should  stay 
only  two  or  three  days,  expecting  to  sail  this  day  week.  He 
spoke  of  the  new  Republic  of  Colombia  and  of  General  Bolivar 
in  a  manner  suited  to  give  a  high  opinion  of  them ;  and,  as  he 
had  not  always  expressed  the  same  opinions,  at  least  of  the 
man,  he  now  accounted  for  the  change.  Bolivar  has  had  many 
vicissitudes  of  fortune,  and  his  reputation,  as  usually  happens, 

VOL.  V. — 4 


50  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

has  ebbed  and  flowed  with  his  success.  His  last  summer's 
campaign  was  a  spring  tide  with  the  moon  in  perigee.  Dr. 
Forsyth  thinks  that  he  has  greatly  improved  by  his  experience; 
that  he  has  learnt  virtue  in  adversity ;  that  he  is  another  and 
now  quite  a  great  man.  He  also  thinks  there  is  now  a  stability 
in  the  new  Republic  which  it  never  had  before,  because  all  the 
talented  men  of  the  country  have  now  found  their  places  in  the 
system  and  are  attached  in  interest  and  fortunes  to  his  success. 
I  told  him  I  should  immediately  send  a  written  answer  to 
Mr.  Torres,  upon  which  he  said  he  wished  I  could  make  it  not 
absolutely  positive,  because  Mr.  Zea,  the  late  Vice-President  of 
Venezuela,  was  coming  out  as  Minister  to  the  United  States, 
and  he  would  bring  proposals  very  important  and  which  would 
deserve  great  consideration  from  this  Government.  He  then 
repeated  the  intimation  that  Bolivar  was  in  correspondence  and 
communication  with  the  leaders  of  the  insurrection  in  Spain, 
and  that  there  would  shortly  be  one  in  Mexico,  with  the  Viceroy 
Apodaca  himself  at  its  head.  He  said  Dr.  Gual,  who  was  morti 
fied  and  ashamed  at  the  part  he  had  taken  with  McGregor,  was 
now  sent  on  a  mission  to  Buenos  Ayres  with  a  view  to  negotiate 
a  reconcilement  between  Artigas  with  his  party  and  the  Buenos 
Ayrean  Government,  and  General  Clemente,  who  on  his  first  re 
turn  home  had  been  arrested  for  his  participation  in  McGregor's 
affair,  had  since  been  appointed  Governor  >of  the  island  of  Mar- 
garitta.  The  great  object  of  Bolivar  would  now  be  to  unite  the 
whole  continent  of  South  America  in  a  confederation,  of  which 
New  Granada  and  Venezuela  would  be  the  central  State.  The 
Doctor  asked  me  for  a  copy  of  the  law  of  the  United  States 
relating  to  our  privateers,  and  of  the  regulations  and  instruc 
tions  under  which  they  had  sailed  during  our  late  war.  These 
were  furnished  him,  and  he  promised  and  sent  me  a  printed  blank 
commission  such  as  those  issued  by  Bolivar.  He  said  Aury  had 
been  ordered  to  report  himself,  and,  if  he  did  not,  would  be 
declared  a  pirate.  But,  he  added,  they  had  no  prize  code,  and 
merely  followed  the  old  privateering  ordinances  of  Spain,  and 
had  hitherto  required  no  bonds  to  be  given  by  the  owners  and 
captains  of  privateers,  which  had  been  the  principal  cause  of  the 
excesses  committed  by  privateers  under  the  Venezuelan  flag. 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

After  Forsyth  left  me,  I  went  over  to  the  President's.  His 
direction  to  me  to  write  to  Bolivar  recommending  Forsyth 
had  perplexed  me.  I  suggested  to  him  that  Bolivar,  being 
the  Supreme  Chief  of  the  Republic,  might  take  exception  at  a 
letter  from  a  subordinate  officer  of  this  Government,  the  rule 
of  correspondence  between  nations  being  that  principal  writes 
to  principal,  and  Minister  to  Minister.  He  then  asked  me  if  I 
could  not  write  to  Bolivar's  Minister  or  Secretary  of  State. 

I  said,  certainly,  if  he  thought  proper,  but  I  must  acknowl 
edge  I  felt  some  distrust  of  everything  proposed  and  desired  by 
these  South  American  gentlemen.  Mr.  Torres  and  Mr.  Forsyth 
had  pursued  a  different  system  from  that  of  Lino  Clemente 
and  Vicente  Pazos.  Instead  of  bullying  and  insulting,  their 
course  had  been  to  soothe  and  coax.  But  their  object  was  evi 
dently  the  same.  The  proposal  of  Torres  was  that  while  pro 
fessing  neutrality  we  should  furnish  actual  warlike  aid  to  South 
America.  And  Forsyth's  insinuation  was  that  Zea  was  coming 
to  tempt  us  by  some  offer  of  actual  and  exclusive  advantages. 
For  what  he  wanted  this  letter  of  recommendation  to  those  whom 
he  was  now  serving,  I  knew  not,  but  when  he  got  it  he  would 
make  the  most  of  it  that  he  could.  The  Republic  of  Colombia, 
too,  would  be  disposed  to  make  the  most  of  it,  and  I  should 
not  be  surprised  if  they  should  among  them  make  as  pompous 
a  display  of  it  as  they  did  of  Baptis  Irvine's  reception.  I  be 
lieved  the  best  way  to  write  the  letter  of  recommendation  which 
he  had  promised  would  be  for  me  to  address  it  to  Torres  and 
let  him  communicate  it  to  his  Government. 

The  President  agreed  to  this,  and  said  he  believed  he  had 
promised  Forsyth  more  than  he  ought  to  have  done.  But  For 
syth  had  been  useful  to  Commodore  Perry,  and,  on  going  back 
to  Venezuela,  might  be  useful  again;  he  had  thought  it  would 
be  best,  therefore,  to  let  him  go  back  with  dispositions  friendly 
towards  us,  and  he  had  the  more  confidence  in  Forsyth,  be 
cause  Trimble,  the  Kentucky  member,  Clay's  particular  friend, 
and  a  zealot  for  South  America,  had  spoken  of  him  with  the 
utmost  contempt. 

Forsyth  has  played  his  card  very  adroitly  with  the  President, 
though  Baptis  Irvine,  since  he  found  him  interfering  with  his 


5  2  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

own  views  of  returning  as  Agent,  did  completely  unmask  him. 
Irvine  discovered  that  Forsyth  had  been  undermining  him,  but 
thought  he  had  directly  asserted  against  him  by  name  what 
Forsyth  had  only  insinuated  without  naming  him  at  all.  Irvine 
then  wrote  two  furious  letters  of  the  bitterest  invective  against 
Forsyth,  painting  him,  his  character  and  conduct,  in  colors  of 
the  darkest  hue.  Forsyth  got  wind  of  them,  went  to  Irvine, 
protested  to  him  that  he  had  never  so  much  as  mentioned  his 
name  to  the  President,  to  whom  he  appealed  for  the  truth  of 
what  he  had  said.  Irvine  became  compunctious  for  his  over- 
hastiness  in  believing  that  his  friend  Forsyth  had  disserved  him, 
and  actually  came  to  the  President  and  apologized  for  what 
he  had  written  under  erroneous  impressions,  and  recanted  all 
that  he  had  written  against  Forsyth — a  great  part  of  which, 
from  other  evidence,  I  have  no  doubt  was  true.  Tis  an  in 
trigue  of  plot  and  counterplot  fit  for  Shakspeare  or  Moliere. 

3 1 st.  Mr.  Ninian  Edwards,  a  Senator  from  the  State  of  Illi 
nois,  came  to  me  this  morning  upon  business  which  had  been 
also  yesterday  mentioned  by  Cook — the  nomination  of  Mar 
shal  for  that  district,  in  the  room  of  R.  Lemen,  resigned.  He 
had  a  recommendation  from  Judge  Pope  of  a  Mr.  Conar,  who 
is  also  supported  by  him  and  by  Cook.  He  also  talked  much 
about  Clay's  two  resolutions  offered  to  the  House  of  Repre 
sentatives  last  Tuesday,  the  day  after  the  message  from  the 
President  on  Spain  and  Florida  was  sent  in.  Clay's  affairs, 
private  and  public,  have  been  growing  desperate  ever  since 
the  commencement  of  Mr.  Monroe's  Administration.  He 
then  refused  the  War  Department  and  the  mission  to  London  ; 
nothing  would  satisfy  him  but  the  Department  of  State;  and, 
failing  to  obtain  that,  he  projected  a  new  opposition,  of  which 
he  should  be  the  head,  and  which  should  in  the  course  of  two 
Presidential  terms  run  down  Monroe,  so  that  he  might  come 
in  as  the  opposition  successor.  His  engines  the  first  session 
were  South  America  and  internal  improvement.  Both  then 
failed.  The  next  session  he  took  up  the  Seminole  War,  but  of 
that  mighty  controversy  he  was  no  longer  the  primary  leader. 
He  had  ranged  himself  under  the  Crawford  banners.  That 
struggle  was  more  stubborn,  but  also  failed.  The  great  ma- 


1 320.]  THE    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

jority  of  the  people  took  the  other  side.  The  Missouri  ques 
tion  then  arose,  and  disconcerted  Clay's  projects  by  presenting 
party  combinations  and  divisions  very  unsuitable  to  them.  It 
looked  to  a  dissolution  of  the  Union  upon  principles  which 
could  not  serve  his  purposes.  But,  that  question  having  been 
for  the  present  compromised,  he  recurs  to  South  American 
and  Spanish  affairs  for  his  main  engine  of  opposition.  The 
Florida  Treaty,  when  concluded  last  winter,  was  universally 
considered  as  obtaining  so  much  more  for  us  than  had  ever 
been  expected,  that  not  a  voice  could  be  raised  against  it  in 
either  House  of  Congress.  Now  the  public  feeling  is  different. 
For,  while  the  King  of  Spain  refuses  to  ratify  because,  he  says, 
his  Minister  conceded  too  much,  the  people  of  our  Western 
country  have  been  instigated  against  the  treaty  as  not  having 
obtained  enough.  The  Missouri  question,  too,  has  operated  to 
indispose  every  part  of  the  Union  against  the  treaty :  the  North 
and  East,  because  they  do  not  wish  even  to  have  Florida  as  a 
another  slave  State ;  and  the  South  and  West,  because  they 
wish  to  have  all  the  territory  to  the  Rio  del  Norte  for  more 
slave  States.  Clay  seizes  upon  this  state  of  things,  and  has 
brought  forward  these  resolutions,  which  are  to  operate  in 
every  possible  contingency  against  the  Administration.  By 
raising  a  party  against  the  treaty  it  may  prevent  its  ratification, 
in  which  case  all  our  differences  with  Spain  recur  to  clog  the 
course  of  the  Administration  ;  if  not,  and  the  ratification  should 
be  obtained,  the  treaty  itself  will  be  rendered  obnoxious,  and 
the  Administration  odious  for  accepting  it — and  most  espe 
cially  the  Secretary  of  State  who  negotiated  it.  Clay's  resolu 
tions  are :  i.  That  Congress  alone  have  power  to  cede  territory, 
and  that  no  treaty  can  cede  it  without  their  sanction ;  and,  2. 
That  the  Florida  Treaty  ceded  territory  without  an  adequate 
equivalent,  and  ought  not  to  be  renewed.  Edwards  says  he 
had  at  first  been  told  that  these  resolutions  would  not  have 
much  support,  but  afterwards  that  they  would,  and  perhaps 
might  be  carried  in  the  House ;  that  all  the  Western  members 
would  vote  for  them,  and  that  the  treaty  had  been  rendered  un 
popular  in  the  Western  country.  He  also  said  a  member  had 
told  him  that  the  President's  last  message  would  be  the  most 


$4.  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

unpopular  act  that  he  ever  did,  because  it  recommended  to 
postpone  acting  at  the  interposition  of  Russia  and  France,  after 
having  refused  to  accept  the  mediation  of  Great  Britain  and  to 
abide  by  the  decision  of  the  allied  powers. 

I  told  Edwards  that  I  had  very  little  attachment  to  the  treaty. 
I  believed  it  now,  as  when  it  was  signed,  an  acceptable  bargain; 
but  I  had  been  the  last  man  in  the  Administration  to  agree  to 
accept  the  Sabine  for  the  western  boundary,  and  shall  now  be 
very  ready  to  abandon  the  treaty  if  the  opinion  of  an  adequate 
portion  of  either  House  of  Congress  should  be  adverse  to  it; 
that,  as  a  servant  of  the  whole  Union,  the  interests  of  every  part 
of  the  Union  were  equally  dear  to  me — there  was  neither  East, 
West,  North,  or  South  to  my  duty  or  my  feelings ;  but,  as  an 
Eastern  man,  I  should  be  disinclined  to  have  either  Texas  or 
Florida  without  a  restriction  excluding  slavery  from  them,  and 
if  I  were  now  a  member  of  either  House  of  Congress  I  would 
offer  resolutions  that  the  treaty  ought  not  now  to  be  accepted 
without  an  article  prohibiting  and  excluding  slavery  from  the 
territory  to  be  acquired.  I  had  been  continually  expecting  that 
such  resolutions  would  be  offered  by  some  one  of  the  Northern 
or  Eastern  members.  As  to  the  President's  message,  there  \vere 
other  reasons  for  sending  it  in  besides  those  apparent  upon  the 
face  of  it — reasons  of  transcendent  influence,  but  not  proper  to 
be  publicly  assigned.  One  was,  to  prevent  a  long,  angry,  dan 
gerous,  and  unprofitable  debate,  which  would  certainly  have 
arisen  from  the  report  of  the  Committee  of  Foreign  Relations. 
A  second  was,  to  avoid  the  certain  issue  of  that  debate,  which 
would  have  exhibited  to  the  nation  and  the  world  a  disagree- 
ment  of  the  worst  kind  between  the  Executive  and  the  Legis 
lature.  In  all  probability,  the  issue  would  have  been  the  indefi 
nite  postponement  of  the  subject,  with  nothing  done,  and  with 
great  mutual  irritation  and  excitement.  A  third  was,  that  even 
if  the  law  for  occupying  Florida  could  have  passed,  we  had 
reason  to  believe  it  was  precisely  what  Spain  desired,  for  the 
purpose  of  having  ground  to  insist  upon  the  confirmation  of 
the  contested  grants.  And  the  report  of  the  committee  gave 
anticipated  countenance  to  that  pretension.  The  message  puts 
an  end  to  all  this,  and  now  Clay  may  offer  his  resolutions  and 


1 820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


55 


make  his  speeches.  We  know  that  the  vote  of  the  House  will 
concur  with  the  recommendation  of  the  message.  Why  the 
reference  to  the  interposition  of  France  and  Russia  should 
make  the  President  unpopular  I  could  not  easily  see.  The 
Committee  of  Foreign  Relations  had  written  to  me  through 
their  Chairman,  especially  enquiring  what  information  the  Ex 
ecutive  had  of  the  views  of  the  European  powers  in  relation  to 
our  affairs  with  Spain,  and  what  part  they  would  probably  take 
in  the  event  of  a  war  between  the  United  States  and  her.  The 
question  before  the  House  upon  the  report  and  bill  of  the  com 
mittee  was  a  question  of  peace  and  war.  What  would  have  been 
said  of  the  President  if  he  had  withheld  from  the  House  the  fact 
of  the  interposition  of  France  and  Russia  ?  That  interposition 
has  been  altogether  friendly,  with  an  unequivocal  expression  of 
opinion  in  our  favor  on  the  points  of  difference  with  Spain.  It 
was  not  of  a  character  offensive  in  the  slightest  degree  to  our  in 
dependence,  and  it  was  in  a  concern  upon  which  they  had  a  right 
to  interpose.  They  had  important  interests  of  their  own  involved 
in  the  issue — the  interest  of  general  peace,  which  was  threat 
ened  with  imminent  danger,  in  the  event  of  a  war  between  us 
and  Spain.  It  would  be  a  perversion  of  sound  principle  to 
pernicious  prejudice  to  spurn  at  such  interposition.  The  Presi 
dent  therefore  deliberately  determined  to  send  the  message,  well 
aware  of  the  gloss  that  would  be  put  upon  it,  but  knowing 
also  that  whatever  opposition  it  might  encounter  here  would 
produce  a  favorable  reaction  in  Europe ;  and  believing  that  the 
whole  result  would  be  advantageous  not  only  to  the  country 
but  to  the  Administration. 

Edwards  assented  to  all  this,  and  agreed  that  the  message 
was  a  judicious  measure.  He  intimated  a  wish  that  there 
might  be  some  means  of  explaining  the  subject  by  writing  for 
publication  in  the  Western  country  newspapers ;  but  for  this  I 
have  neither  time  nor  means.  I  took  the  recommendations  of 
Conar  for  the  appointment  of  Marshal  in  Illinois  to  the  Presi 
dent,  who  determined  to  send  immediately  the  nomination  to 
the  Senate.  The  President  also  concluded  upon  the  case  of  the 
pirates  under  conviction,  of  whom  there  are  seven  at  Balti 
more,  at  Richmond,  Virginia,  four  at  Charleston,  S.C., 


5  6  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

four  at  Savannah,  and  eighteen  at  New  Orleans.  Two  are 
to  be  executed  at  each  place,  and  the  rest  reprieved  for  two 
months,  excepting  one  at  New  Orleans,  who  is  to  be  imme 
diately  pardoned.  The  warrants  and  necessary  letters  to  the 
Marshals  of  the  Districts  are  to  be  made  out  immediately. 

April  ist.  Mr.  Brackenridge,  of  Baltimore,  called  upon  me, 
and  gave  me  a  history  of  his  misunderstanding  with  Judge 
Bland  on  their  South  American  mission.  There  were,  it  seems, 
mingled  up  in  that  affair  two  ingredients  of  no  very  patriotic 
character.  Bland,  his  son-in-law  Skinner,  and  their  connections 
here  had  connected  themselves  with  the  Carreras,  exiles  from 
Buenos  Ayres  and  Chili,  and  conspirators  against  the  existing 
revolutionary  Governments  there.  They  had  lent  them  large 
sums  of  money,  and  had  obtained  from  them  stipulations  for 
exclusive  privileges  of  commerce  for  ten  years.  This  private 
speculation  was  the  source  of  all  the  artificial  excitement  stirred 
up  in  the  newspapers  during  the  autumn  and  winter  of  1817. 
The  papers  in  the  Richmond  Enquirer  of  that  time  signed 
"  Lantaro,"  addressed  to  Clay,  and  calling  upon  him  to  take 
the  lead  in  Congress  to  produce  a  formal  acknowledgment  of 
the  independence  of  Buenos  Ayres,  were  written  by  Skinner, 
with  some  assistance  from  others.  The  same  cabal  obtained 
the  appointment  of  Bland  as  one  of  the  Commissioners,  and 
Bland  was  at  the  same  time  the  private  agent  of  Skinner  and 
his  associates  to  recover  from  the  Governments  at  Buenos 
Ayres  and  in  Chili  the  moneys  lent  to  the  Carreras,  whom 
those  very  Governments  w.ere  prosecuting  as  traitors,  and 
several  of  whom  they  have  since  put  to  death.  These  con 
nections  of  Bland,  not  without  links  of  attachment  to  the 
Baltimore  privateering  piracies,  influencing  and  pervading  his 
conduct  as  a  Commissioner,  Brackenridge  says  were  the  only 
causes  of  his  quarrel  with  him.  Brackenridge  had  not  hesitated 
to  give  him  his  opinion  that  they  were  improper.  Rodney,  he 
says,  had  done  the  same.  Rodney  being  a  brother  Commis 
sioner  of  equal  rank  with  himself,  Bland  had  let  it  pass  off 
smoothly  with  him  ;  but  the  disapprobation  of  a  subaltern,  more 
galling  and  less  dangerous,  he  had  set  at  defiance,  and  had 
indulged  his  resentment  by  every  effort  in  his  power  to  dis- 


1 8 20.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


57 


grace  him — one  of  which  efforts  was  an  attempt  to  palm  on 
the  mission  another  interpreter,  on  the  pretence  that  Bracken- 
ridge  was  incompetent.  After  their  return  home,  Brackenridge 
was  repeatedly  and  severely  attacked  in  the  Aurora  by  anony 
mous  publications,  which,  he  says,  he  has  traced- to  Bland  ;  and 
last  summer  Brackenridge  published  in  two  volumes  an  account 
of  his  voyage  and  of  that  mission,  in  which  were  many  passages 
reflecting  upon  Bland,  though  not  in  a  direct  manner  by  name. 
Two  pamphlets  have  been  recently  published  purporting  to  be 
a  review  of  Brackenridge's  work,  but  very  dull  and  pedantic, 
with  labored  efforts  and  conceited  pretensions  to  wit.  Bracken 
ridge  told  me,  and  notified  in  a  newspaper,  that  this  pamphlet 
was  the  joint  production  of  Judge  Bland,  J.  S.  Skinner,  Dr. 
Moreno,  one  of  the  South  American  exiles,  and  Baptis  Irvine. 
This  latter  personage  has  since  come  out  with  an  avowal  that 
he  was  the  sole  author  of  the  pamphlets.  Brackenridge  says 
he  is  sure  that  the  others  had  a  hand  in  it.  He  gave  me  a 
character  and  history  of  Baptis  Irvine  not  at  all  advantageous  to 
him.  He  is  a  Scotsman,  driven  as  a  needy  political  adventurer 
to  this  country,  and,  from  a  natural  turbulence  of  temper,  never 
long  quiet  in  one  spot.  He  has  been  successively  a  journeyman 
to  W.  Duane  at  Philadelphia,  and  editor  of  newspapers  at  New 
York  and  Baltimore.  By  recommendations  from  De  Witt 
Clinton,  General  S.  Smith,  and  many  other  habitual  recom- 
menders,  he  obtained  the  appointment  as  Agent  to  Venezuela, 
from  whence  he  returned,  assuredly  without  having  done  any 
good.  He  has  been  ever  since  bis  return  a  hanger-on  for  a 
further  appointment,  and  is  now  an  author  to  be  let  for  any 
sort  of  abuse  or  scandal  that  any  one  wishes  to  have  circulated. 
Brackenridge  is  also  himself  a  suitor  for  office.  Colonel  R. 
M.  Johnson  called  at  the  Department  to  enquire  if  the  letter 
promised  by  the  President  to  Dr.  Forsyth  had  been  forwarded 
to  him.  It  had  been  sent  to  Mr.  Torres.  The  President  also 
called  himself  about  it. 

6th.  In  the  National  Intelligencer  of  yesterday  there  was 
a  notice  signed  by  General  Samuel  Smith,  a  Representative  in 
Congress  from  Baltimore,  as  Chairman  of  the  caucus  in  1816 
which  nominated  candidates  for  the  offices  of  President  and 


5 8  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

Vice-President  of  the  United  States,  at  the  election  then  ensuing. 
He  states  that  he  has  been  required  by  numbers  of  members 
from  various  parts  of  the  Union  to  call  a  meeting  for  consulta 
tion  whether  a  nomination  shall  now  be  made.  He  therefore 
summons  a  meeting  of  Republican  and  other  members  of  Con 
gress  who  may  think  proper  to  attend  at  the  Representative 
Hall  at  the  Capitol,  next  Saturday  evening  at  half-past  seven 
o'clock  in  the  evening,  to  determine  whether  it  be  expedient 
that  a  nomination  should  now  be  made  of  candidates  for  the 
offices  of  President  and  Vice-President.  This  is  the  result  of 
caballing.  There  is  at  present  no  ostensible  intention  to  oppose 
the  re-election  of  Mr.  Monroe  as  President  in  any  part  of  the 
Union.  Every  attempt  to  form  a  new  fixed  opposition  party 
has  hitherto  failed.  But  the  Vice-Presidency  is,  to  call  things 
by  their  proper  names,  in  the  market.  Tompkins  stands  as 
candidate  for  the  office  of  Governor  of  New  York  against  De 
Witt  Clinton.  But  the  election  is  strongly  contested,  and  the 
issue  doubtful.  The  choice  is  to  take  place  the  last  week  of 
the  present  month.  Tompkins  has,  however,  no  thought  of 
relinquishing  the  Vice-Presidency  if  he  should  fail  in  the  elec 
tion  as  Governor  of  New  York.  But  a  majority  of  the  New 
York  delegation  in  Congress  are  partisans  of  Clinton,  and  dis 
posed  even  to  throw  out  Tompkins  from  the  Vice-Presidency. 
At  the  same  time,  it  appears,  Clay  has  fixed  his  eye  upon  that 
office,  and,  as  Clinton's  ultimate  aim  is  at  the  Presidency,  the 
aspect  of  the  present  moment  is  of  an  approaching  coalition 
between  Clay  and  Clinton.  Samuel  Smith,  in  the  midst  of  a 
stupendous  ruin  of  reputation  and  fortune  as  a  merchant,  main 
tains  yet  his  consideration  and  influence  as  a  politician,  or  at 
least  struggles  hard  to  maintain  it,  and  is  now  baited  to  this 
hook  by  the  view  of  a  vacant  Speaker's  chair,  which  he  is  told 
he  has  a  clear  pretension  to  occupy.  So  that  the  object  of  this 
caucus  is  to  announce  Clay  as  candidate  for  the  Vice-Presidency, 
and  to  make  way  for  Smith  as  the  future  Speaker.  To  prepare 
the  minds  of  members  for  this,  Clay  has  given  out  that  he  has 
met  with  a  heavy  loss  by  the  failure  of  a  person  whose  notes  he 
had  endorsed,  and  which  he  was  last  summer  obliged  to  pay, 
to  the  amount  of  twenty-five  thousand  dollars;  that  his  private 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  $g 

affairs  have  thus  become  embarrassed;  so  that,  having  a  family 
of  children  to  support,  he  can  no  longer  afford  to  come  to  Con 
gress,  and  intends  to  resign  his  office  as  Speaker  before  the 
close  of  the  present  session.  That  his  affairs  are  embarrassed, 
there  is  no  doubt.  According  to  the  general  rumor,  he  has 
more  than  once  won  and  lost  an  affluent  fortune  at  the  gaming 
table.  The  last  winter  was  an  unlucky  one  for  him,  and  before  he 
left  this  city  he  was  said  to  have  met  with  embarrassing  losses. 
In  his  Florida  Treaty  speech  the  other  day,  he  made  an  ingenu 
ous  confession  that  in  his  youth  he  had  sometimes  indulged  in  a 
mode  of  amusement  which  years  and  experience  had  determined 
him  to  abandon.  This  resolution  was  doubtless  formed  under 
similar  circumstances  to  those  in  which  Regnard's  Hector  con 
cludes  that  Seneca  must  have  written  his  philosophical  reflec 
tions.1  I  am,  nevertheless,  incredulous  as  to  his  resignation  of 
the  Speaker's  office.  His  political  prospects  are  not  so  entirely 
blasted  as  that  measure  would  indicate  his  own  conviction  that 
they  are ;  and  in  this  country,  politicians  of  desperate  private 
fortunes  always  find  the  means  of  keeping  themselves  above 
water  as  public  men.  In  politics,  as  in  private  life,  Clay  is  es 
sentially  a  gamester,  and,  with  a  vigorous  intellect,  an  ardent 
spirit,  a  handsome  elocution,  though  with  a  mind  very  defect 
ive  in  elementary  knowledge,  and  a  very  undigested  system 
of  ethics,  he  has  all  the  qualities  which  belong  to  that  class  of 
human  characters. 

7th.  General  Don  Francisco  Dionisio  Vives,  the  person  of 
confidence  whom  the  King  of  Spain  promised  to  send  to  ask 
explanations  about  the  Florida  Treaty,  has  arrived  at  New 
York  in  the  packet-ship  James  Monroe  from  Liverpool.  I 
received  this  day  dispatches  from  A.  Gallatin  of  I5th  February, 
and  from  R.  Rush  of  25th  February,  showing  that  Vives  had 
passed  through  Paris  and  London  on  his  way.  Gallatin  had 
seen  him,  and  says  he  has  not  with  him  the  Spanish  ratification, 
but  is  empowered,  if  the  explanations  should  be  satisfactory,  to 

1  "  Chapitre  vi.  Du  mepris  cles  richesses. 
Lorsque  Seneque  fit  ce  chapitre  eloquent, 
II  avoit,  comme  vous,  perdu  tout  son  argent." 

REGNARD  :    Le  Jotteur. 


5o  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QU1NCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

agree  that  the  United  States  should  take  possession  without 
waiting  for  the  ratification  from  Madrid.  Rush  had  not  seen 
him ;  but,  by  comparing  the  two  statements,  it  appears  that 
Vives  told  Pasquier,  the  French  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs, 
that  the  subject  of  the  grants  would  be  accommodated,  but  the 
principal  difficulties  would  be  in  relation  to  the  piracies  and 
to  South  America ;  and  a  very  few  days  afterwards  told  Lord 
Castlereagh  that  he  should  be  able  to  convince  the  American 
Government  that  Onis  had  exceeded  his  instructions.  I  took 
these  dispatches  to  the  President,  and  observed  to  him  that  as 
Vives  did  not  bring  the  ratification,  and  as  he  appeared  to  have 
told  one  story  at  Paris  and  another  at  London,  it  gave  strong 
grounds  for  suspicion  that  the  real  object  of  his  mission  was  to 
procrastinate  and  come  to  no  conclusion  :  it  would,  therefore,  be 
necessary  to  anticipate  that  result,  and  determine  upon  the  course 
to  be  pursued  both  with  him  and  afterwards  on  the  supposition 
that  we  are  to  bring  to  a  speedy  close  the  negotiation  with  him. 

The  President  said  he  really  did  not  think  we  ought  to  go  to 
war  for  Florida,  or  that  the  nation  would  be  willing  to  proceed 
to  that  extremity.  This  also  was  my  opinion.  But,  after  what 
had  passed,  I  believed  Florida  might  be  occupied  without  risk 
ing  a  war,  and  it  would  deserve  consideration  whether  any  other 
course  could  be  taken  consistently  with  the  honor  of  the  nation. 
The  President  desired  me  to  send  the  dispatches  to  the  other 
members  of  the  Administration,  and  said  he  would  afterwards 
have  a  consultation  upon  the  subject. 

9th.  The  caucus  which  was  to  have  been  held  last  evening 
failed.  Not  more  than  forty  members  attended.  The  delega 
tions  from  Pennsylvania  and  North  Carolina  agreed  unani 
mously  among  themselves  not  to  attend.  From  Virginia  only 
two  members,  Nelson  and  Strother,  and  from  Massachusetts 
only  one  member,  Shaw,  were  present.  S.  Smith,  who  called 
the  caucus,  nominated  Nelson  as  Chairman,  and  Colonel  R.  M. 
Johnson  immediately  offered  a  resolution  that  it  was  not  ex 
pedient  then  to  proceed  to  nominate  candidates  for  the  offices 
of  President  and  Vice-President,  which  passed  without  opposi 
tion,  and  the  caucus  was  adjourned  without  day.  Nelson  is  the 
Representative  of  the  district  in  Virginia  which  is  the  perma- 


1 8 20.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  5r 

nent  residence  of  the  President,  and  is  understood  to  be  in  high 
personal  favor  with  him.  Strother  has  also  been  considered  as 
specially  attached  to  the  President  and  a  warm  opponent  of 
Clay.  But  he  and  Quarles,  of  Kentucky,  who  came  into  Con 
gress  by  an  interest  opposed  to  Clay,  have  both  been  nomi 
nated  within  a  few  days  as  Receivers  of  Public  Moneys  in 
Missouri.  Having  gained  their  objects,  they  now  seem  dis 
posed  to  make  peace  with  Clay,  and  Quarles  has  been  one  of 
the  busiest  in  getting  up  the  caucus.  Nelson,  like  Samuel 
Smith,  was  allured  by  a  glimpse  of  the  Speaker's  chair.  But 
there  appeared  in  the  City  Gazette  yesterday  a  piece  avowedly 
by  a  member  of  Congress,  and  written  by  Rogers,  of  Pennsyl 
vania,  severely  censuring  the  call  of  a  caucus,  and  especially 
the  project  of  electing  both  President  and  Vice-President  from 
slave-holding  States,  and  warning  the  President's  friends  that, 
if  persisted  in,  this  plan  would  finish  by  exciting  an  opposition 
to  the  election  of  the  President  himself.  This  would  not  dis 
agree  with  the  views  of  Clay ;  but  the  most  remarkable  feature 
of  this  caucus  is  the  countenance  given  to  the  project  of  elect 
ing  Clay  Vice-President  by  those  who  are  in  the  President's 
most  intimate  confidence  and  those  who  have  just  received 
offices  by  his  nomination. 

loth.  Mr.  Hyde  de  Neuville  came  to  enquire  what  late  news 
I  had  received  from  France,  and  also  what  was  the  etiquette  of 
first  visiting  between  foreign  Ministers  residing  in  this  country. 
General  Vives,  it  seems,  arrived  in  the  city  last  evening.  I  told 
Mr.  De  Neuville  that  of  the  etiquette  of  foreign  Ministers  re 
siding  here,  between  themselves,  I  could  know  less  than  he  did, 
but  that  in  every  part  of  Europe,  between  Ministers  of  equal 
rank,  the  person  last  arrived  invariably  paid  the  first  visit.  I 
had  heard  that  when  Count  Pahlen  came  here  as  Minister  from 
Russia  he  had  made  it  a  question  with  General  Turreau,  on  the 
ground  that  the  usage  of  visiting  in  this  country  was  that  the 
last  comer  received  the  first  visit;  and  that,  as  Turreau  adhered 
to  the  general  European  custom  of  diplomatic  visiting,  Pahlen 
and  he,  while  they  resided  here,  did  not  visit  each  other  at  all. 

De  Neuville  said  his  own  experience  here  had  not  absolutely 
settled  the  point,  as  he  had  met  both  Mr.  Bagot  and  Mr.  Poletica 


62  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

first  at  third  places.  But,  as  the  general  usage  was  so,  he  should 
wait  to  receive  the  visit  of  General  Vives. 

The  President  came  to  the  office,  and  afterwards  his  brother, 
Joseph  Jones,  with  a  letter  from  Dr.  Forsyth  to  the  President 
in  a  querulous  tone  at  his  not  having  received  the  letter  to 
Bolivar  and  the  documents  which  he  considered  the  President 
as  having  promised  him.  He  asked  whether  I  thought  the 
letter  should  be  answered  by  me  or  by  the  President  I  told 
him  rather  by  himself  than  by  either.  Not  by  me,  because  Dr. 
Forsyth  had  chosen  to  address  the  President  directly.  Not  by 
the  President,  because  it  was  not  suitable  that  he  should  enter 
into  a  direct  correspondence  with  a  man  who  is  substantially  a 
foreign  Agent.  But  he,  as  the  President's  Secretary,  should 
answer  it ;  and  I  told  him  what  I  thought  he  should  say.  He 
accordingly  afterwards  sent  me  an  answer,  open,  to  be  for 
warded  by  me  if  I  should  approve  it — which  I  did. 

The  President  is  in  general  upon  his  guard  against  direct 
addresses  to  himself,  especially  from  foreigners.  He  keeps  all 
the  foreign  Ministers  at  a  cold  and  cautious  distance;  but  he 
permitted  this  Dr.  Forsyth  to  have  immediate  access  to  him 
because  he  was  a  citizen  of  the  United  States,  and  Forsyth 
has  abused  his  indulgence  by  attempting  to  draw  him  into  a 
private  correspondence. 

Strother  told  me  he  had  attended  the  caucus  merely  to  see 
what  they  would  do.  He  spoke  also  of  a  publication  in  the 
Georgetown  Messenger  severely  censuring  the  President  for 
appointing  members  of  Congress  to  executive  offices.  There 
is  a  resolution  now  proposed  to  the  House  of  Representatives 
by  Mr.  Cobb,  of  Georgia,  for  an  amendment  to  the  Constitu 
tion  to  disqualify  members  of  Congress  during  their  term  of 
service  and  for  a  year  afterwards  from  receiving  any  appoint 
ment  by  the  President.  There  are  strong  arguments  both  for 
and  against  such  a  provision.  The  weightiest,  in  my  opinion, 
are  against  it. 

nth.  I  appointed  one  o'clock  this  day  to  receive  General 
Vives,  at  which  time  he  came  and  delivered  a  letter  of  recall 
from  the  King  of  Spain  to  Mr.  Onis,  and  a  letter  from  Onis  to 
me  enclosing  it.  He  at  the  same  time  said  he  had  to  ask  an 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  £3 

audience  of  the  President  to  deliver  a  credential  letter  from  his 
sovereign.  I  told  him  I  would  immediately  take  the  President's 
directions,  and  give  him  notice  of  the  time  which  the  President 
should  fix. 

I  received  a  summons  from  the  President  to  attend  a  Cabinet 
meeting  at  his  house  at  two  o'clock.  All  the  members  of  the 
Administration  were  there.  A  warrant  had  issued  last  week 
for  the  execution  of  John  D.  Ferguson  and  Israel  Denny,  two 
of  the  men  convicted  of  piracy  at  Baltimore,  and  the  day  fixed 
was  the  day  after  to-morrow  ;  this  morning  a  petition,  signed 
by  four  thousand  inhabitants  of  that  city,  for  their  pardon,  was 
brought  to  the  President  by  the  two  members  from  the  city, 
and  two  persons  of  respectable  character  had  come  on  purpose 
to  bring  the  petition.  There  was  a  representation  also  setting 
forth  many  extenuating  circumstances  in  their  behalf,  but  that 
was  not  signed ;  and  there  were  letters  from  Judge  Bland  and 
others,  among  which  one  from  Mr.  Hoffman,  pleading  for  them. 
The  unsigned  paper  stated  particularly  that  Ferguson,  at  the 
commencement  of  our  late  war  with  England,  had  been  an  im 
pressed  seaman  in  the  British  navy ;  that  he  had  given  himself 
up  as  a  prisoner,  and  refused  to  serve  against  his  country;  that 
he  had  then  discovered  a  key  to  the  signals  used  in  the  British 
navy,  and  had  transmitted  it  to  the  Navy  Department  here,  of 
which  Mr.  William  Jones  was  then  the  Secretary.  The  ques 
tion  upon  the  pardon  was  then  discussed  in  a  desultory  manner, 
and  there  appeared  to  be  much  wavering  in  the  mind  of  every 
one.  The  President  finally  asked  my  opinion  first,  and  I  gave 
it  in  favor  of  a  reprieve  for  two  months  now,  and  for  the  substi 
tution  of  a  long  imprisonment  of  several  years  instead  of  death 
for  these  and  all  the  other  cases  of  simple  piracy,  and  exe 
cuting  only  those  which  had  been  complicated  with  murder. 
In  this  case  the  worst  act  had  been  that  of  taking  twenty-three 
hundred  dollars  from  a  Spanish  vessel,  without  injury  or  even 
insult  to  any  person.  It  was  with  great  reluctance,  and  only 
from  a  deep  conviction  of  the  peculiar  necessity  of  making  an 
example  at  Baltimore,  that  I  had  before  assented  to  the  execu 
tion  of  these  two  men.  But  here  was  now  a  petition,  it  might 
be  said,  from  the  whole  city.  The  case  of  these  men  was  hard. 


*.s?*v 

(HE  A 

.VERSITY    ) 
/ 


64  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

Their  captain,  Daniels,  the  man  who  had  seduced  them  to  their 
crime,  had  been  tried  for  a  case  in  which  the  life  of  the  master 
of  an  English  merchant  vessel  had  been  lost  by  his  act ;  who 
had  a  hundred  piracies  and  as  many  murders  upon  his  soul ;  this 
man  had  been  discharged  by  Judge  Bland,  and  was  walking  the 
streets  of  Baltimore  and  holding  his  head  as  high  as  any  man. 
All  the  principals  and  ringleaders  in  these  privateering  piracies 
had  escaped.  They  were  triumphant  against  every  prosecu 
tion,  while  these  poor  ignorant  creatures,  the  mere  mortal  in 
struments  of  their  guilt,  were  to  suffer  death.  Besides,  in  the 
general  opinion,  their  case  was  not  that  of  mere  unqualified 
piracy.  They  had  a  sort  of  color  of  commission,  a  spurious 
but  yet  plausible  connection  with  the  cause  of  the  South 
American  patriots.  The  compassion  of  the  public  would  be 
turned  in  their  favor,  and  indeed  there  might  be  reason  to 
apprehend  a  popular  movement  at  Baltimore  to  prevent  their 
execution ;  at  least  a  great  odium  would  be  excited  against  the 
Administration  for  it. 

Mr.  Calhoun  concurred  in  this  opinion,  though  more  doubt 
fully,  and  inclining  to  the  execution.  Mr.  Crawford  was  de 
cidedly  for  the  execution.  He  had  no  doubt  of  the  right  of 
the  legislature  to  affix  the  punishment  of  death  to  any  atro 
cious  crime.  They  had  now  affixed  it  to  piracy,  and  the  ques 
tion  now  was,  should  the  law  be  executed  or  not  ?  If  not 
executed  in  this  case,  it  ought  not  to  be  executed  in  any  of 
the  others ;  and  the  law  would  then  be  a  dead  letter.  That 
this  was  a  case  of  mere  piracy  without  murder,  made  it  so 
much  the  better  as  a  test  for  the  execution  of  the  law.  And  if 
they  had  met  with  resistance,  it  is  to  be  presumed  they  would 
have  committed  murder.  As  to  their  connection  with  the  South 
American  cause,  it  was  pretended,  and  not  real.  Plunder  was 
their  object,  and  they  were  equally  ready  to  take  it  from  all 
nations. 

Mr.  Thompson  was  very  unwilling  to  give  any  opinion,  and 
Mr.  Wirt  said  he  was  divided  between  two  opinions.  All  the 
reasoning,  however,  was  in  favor  of  the  execution. 

After  sitting  till  near  five  o'clock,  the  President  was  yet  un 
decided,  and  adjourned  the  meeting  till  ten  o'clock  to-morrow 


rS20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  £5 

morning.  He  desired  me  as  I  should  be  returning  home  to 
call  at  Mr.  Duval's,  where  Mr.  Jones,  the  former  Secretary  of 
the  Navy,  now  in  the  city,  lodges,  and  enquire  of  him  if  he  had 
any  recollection  of  the  alleged  fact  of  Ferguson's  having  trans 
mitted  during  the  late  war  a  key  to  the  British  signals  to  the 
Navy  Department.  I  had  a  reprieve  made  out  ready  to  be 
signed  if  the  President  should  so  determine,  and  on  my  way 
home  called  at  Mr.  Duval's,  where  I  saw  Mr.  Jones.  He  had 
no  recollection  of  the  transmission  of  the  key  to  the  British 
signals  by  Ferguson,  but  said  he  would  make  enquiries  of  Mr. 
Duval,  who  was  at  the  time  referred  to  a  clerk  in  the  Navy 
Department,  and  would  write  me  the  result.  He  also  referred 
me  to  Mr.  Homans,  the  Chief  Clerk  of  the  Department,  to 
ascertain  if  there  was  any  evidence  on  the  files  to  elucidate  the 
fact.  At  the  door  of  my  house  I  found  the  two  persons  who 
had  brought  the  petition  from  Baltimore,  waiting  for  the  answer. 
I  told  them  the  President  had  not  yet  come  to  a  determination, 
and  requested  them  to  call  for  it  at  eleven  o'clock  to-morrow. 
The  President  had  fixed  one  o'clock  to  receive  General  Vives, 
half-past  one,  Mr.  Greuhm,  and  a  quarter  before  two,  Mr.  An- 
trobus,  of  which  notice  was  given  them,  and  that  I  would  meet 
them  at  the  President's  house. 

1 2th.  I  received  this  morning  a  note  from  Mr.  Jones,  who 
states  that  Mr.  Duval  has  no  recollection  of  the  transmission 
of  the  key  to  the  British  signals  by  Ferguson,  but  that  he  has 
seen  and  conversed  with  him  in  prison  at  Baltimore,  and  that 
he  is  a  native  of  Scotland,  and  speaks  the  broad  dialect  of  that 
country.  The  story,  therefore,  of  his  having  given  himself  up 
as  a  prisoner  at  the  commencement  of  the  late  war  is  without 
foundation.  The  members  of  the  Administration  met  again 
this  morning  at  the  President's,  but  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy 
not  attending,  I  went  over  to  his  office  and  made  enquiries  of 
the  Chief  Clerk,  Homans,  who  examined  the  files,  but  could 
find  no  evidence  upon  them  to  confirm  the  allegation  in  favor 
of  Ferguson. 

Mr.  King,  of  New  York,  came  in  while  I  was  at  the  Navy 
Office.     He  spoke  of  General  Vives,  and  said  the  disposition  of 
the  Senate  towards  the  Florida  Treaty  was  no  longer  the  same 
VOL.  v. — 5 


66  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

now  that  it  was  last  year.  He  seemed  to  think  the  ratification 
might  now  be  accepted  without  re-submitting  it  to  the  Senate ; 
but  this,  under  present  circumstances,  I  should  deem  inexpe 
dient.  I  returned  to  the  President's,  where  Mr.  Thompson 
was  also  now  present.  The  question  upon  the  pardon  was 
resumed,  but  the  President  had  now  made  up  his  mind  to 
refuse  the  reprieve  and  to  persist  in  the  order  for  execution. 
He  said  he  had  come  reluctantly  to  the  conclusion,  but  that 
an  example  was  indispensable.  He  asked,  however,  the  opinion 
of  all  the  members ;  and  now  all  except  myself  were  decidedly 
in  favor  of  the  execution.  I  remained  of  the  opinion  which  I 
had  expressed  yesterday.  I  was  charged,  however,  to  com 
municate  the  President's  decision  to  the  person  who.  brought 
the  petition  from  Baltimore,  which  I  did,  assuring  him  that 
every  possible  attention  had  been  shown  to  the  petition ;  that 
in  declining  to  comply  with  it  the  President  had  performed  a 
painful  duty,  but  that  his  decision  had  been  the  result  of  the 
fullest  deliberation.  He  said  that,  although  he  regretted  the 
determination,  he  could  not  say  it  was  unexpected  to  him, 
and  he  expressed  himself  perfectly  satisfied  with  regard  to  the 
attention  which  had  been  shown  to  the  petition. 

At  one  o'clock  I  returned  to  the  President's,  where  I  found 
General  Vives  already  arrived.  I  presented  him  immediately 
to  the  President,  to  whom  he  delivered  a  credential  letter  as 
Envoy  Extraordinary  and  Minister  Plenipotentiary  from  the 
King  of  Spain.  He  had  sent  me  yesterday  a  copy  of  it,  as  I 
had  requested.  In  delivering  the  letter,  he  made  a  short  ad 
dress  to  the  President  in  French,  expressing  the  King's  friendly 
disposition  towards  the  United  States,  and  his  own  personal 
desire  to  contribute  all  in  his  power  to  the  friendship  and  har 
mony  of  the  two  nations.  The  President  answered  him  also 
in  French,  with  professions  of  a  similar  disposition  on  the  part 
of  .the  United  States,  and  a  hope  that  the  friendship  between 
the  two  nations  will  be  preserved  unimpaired.  The  audience 
was  not  of  ten  minutes'  duration.  When  the  General  withdrew, 
I  requested  him  to  send  to  the  Department  of  State  a  list  of 
the  persons  belonging  to  his  Legation — which  he  promised  to 
do.  I  said  I  hoped  also  to  receive  shortly  a  further  commu- 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  fy 

nication  from   him.      He  said  he  should   address  me  without 
delay. 

At  half-past  one  o'clock  I  presented  Mr.  Greuhm,  the  Minis 
ter  Resident  from  Prussia,  who  took  leave  upon  a  leave  of 
absence ;  and  at  a  quarter  before  two,  Mr.  Antrobus,  who 
delivered  two  letters,  one  from  the  British  Prince  Regent,  dated 
24th  January  last,  announcing  the  death  of  the  Duke  of  Kent, 
and  the  other  from  King  George  the  Fourth,  dated  3ist  January, 
announcing  the  death  of  his  father,  the  late  King,  on  the  2gth 
of  that  month.  Both  these  ceremonies  were  also  short. 

1 3th.  Mr.  Ruggles,  a  Senator  from  the  State  of  Ohio,  called 
upon  me  this  morning  with  a  written  recommendation,  signed  by 
five  or  six  members  of  the  House  of  Representatives  from  that 
State,  of  a  person  for  the  appointment  of  a  Judge  in  the  Terri 
tory  of  Arkansas.  I  had  some  conversation  with  Mr.  Ruggles 
with  regard  to  the  opinions  of  the  people  in  the  Western 
country  concerning  the  Florida  Treaty  and  Mr.  Clay's  project 
of  setting  it  aside  and  taking  possession  of  the  province  of 
Texas.  Ruggles  said  that  this  project  was  adverse  to  the 
interests  of  the  State  of  Ohio,  who  would  be  well  satisfied  with 
the  ratification  of  the  treaty.  Mr.  David  Trimble,  a  member 
of  the  House  from  Kentucky,  called  at  the  office  to  enquire 
what  would  probably  be  the  result  of  the  negotiation  with 
General  Vives.  His  ostensible  motive  was  to  make  up  his 
opinion  on  the  report  to  be  made  by  the  Committee  of  Ways 
and  Means,  of  which  he  is  a  member.  But  he  came  with  a 
long  argument  to  convince  me  that  the  only  way  for  me  to 
make  myself  popular  in  the  Western  country  was  to  set  the 
treaty  aside  and  urge  the  recognition  of  the  South  American 
revolutionists,  and  insist  upon  the  Rio  del  Norte  as  the  western 
boundary. 

I  told  him  that  I  understood  the  map  of  the  country  rather 
too  well  to  suppose  it  would  ever  be  possible  for  me  to  do 
anything  that  could  make  me  popular  in  the  Western  country; 
that  as  to  the  treaty,  I  had  never  set  the  value  upon  it  that  was 
supposed,  and  of  all  the  members  of  the  Administration,  I  was 
the  last  who  had  consented  to  take  the  Sabine  for  our  western 
boundary.  I  had  no  doubt  that  if  the  treaty  should  be  set 


68  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

aside  we  should  ultimately  obtain  more  territory  than  it  would 
secure  to  us,  but  we  should  get  the  same  territory  with  the 
treaty  sooner  than  we  should  want  it ;  and  even  now  I  thought 
the  greatest  danger  of  this  Union  was  in  the  overgrown  extent 
of  its  territory,  combining  with  the  slavery  question.  I  added 
as  my  belief,  that  there  would  be  a  majority  of  the  House  of 
Representatives  now  who  would  not  accept  of  the  province  of 
Texas  as  a  gift  unless  slavery  should  be  excluded  from  it. 
Since  the  Missouri  debate,  I  considered  the  continuance  of  the 
Union  for  any  length  of  time  as  very  precarious,  and  enter 
tained  serious  doubts  whether  Louisiana  and  slavery  would 
not  ultimately  break  us  up. 

He  said  he  himself  considered  the  slavery  question  as  the 
greatest  that  can  agitate  this  Union,  but  that  Kentucky  would 
get  rid  of  her  slaves  and  would  finally  not  be  in  the  slave- 
holding  interest — they  did  not  want  slaves  for  the  articles  of 
their  cultivation ;  but  if  the  Union  should  break  up  there 
would  be  three  Confederacies — Eastern,  Southern,  and  Western. 

I  said,  so  I  had  heard  Clay  say — that  within  five  years  we 
should  have  three  Confederacies  ;  but  why  there  should  be  pre 
cisely  three  I  could  not  see.  The  slave  question  might  split 
us  in  two ;  because  this  question,  besides  involving  the  strong 
est  oppositions  of  interest,  involved  also  the  principle  of  all 
others  the  most  deeply  planted  in  the  hearts  of  this  people. 
There  was  no  existing  opposition  of  mere  interest  between 
any  two  parts  of  this  country,  which  could  possibly  produce  a 
dissolution  of  the  Union. 

He  said  he  agreed  with  me  in  that.  But  if  the  Union  should 
break,  the  country  between  the  Sabine  and  the  Rio  del  Norte 
would  become  indispensably  necessary  for  the  Western  Con 
federacy.  It  would  be  an  excellent  country  for  the  cultivation 
of  coffee,  and  there  was  an  admirable  sea-port  there  which  would 
be  necessary  to  the  command  of  the  Gulf  of  Mexico. 

I  told  him  that  I  did  not  believe  we  should  ever  find  either 
a  good  sea-port  or  grounds  for  cultivating  coffee  in  Texas,  nor 
did  I  believe  there  was  any  article  of  cultivation  that  needed 
slaves.  The  want  of  slaves  was  not  in  the  lands,  but  in  their 
inhabitants.  Slavery  had  become  in  the  South  and  Southwest- 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE,  fo 

ern  country  a  condition  of  existence.  They  could  not  live 
without  them.  As  to  the  treaty,  we  could  now  very  easily  dis 
engage  ourselves  from  that.  The  difficulty  would  not  be  in 
setting  it  aside,  but  in  obtaining  it.  He  and  Mr.  Clay  were  ex 
cellent  negotiators  in  theory.  They  were  for  obtaining  all  and 
granting  nothing.  They  played  a  game  between  their  own  right 
and  left  hands,  and  could  allot  with  admirable  management  the 
whole  stake  to  one  hand  and  total  discomfiture  to  the  other. 
In  the  negotiation  with  Spain  we  had  a  just  claim  to  the  Missis 
sippi  and  its  waters,  and  our  citizens  had  a  fair  though  very 
precarious  claim  to  indemnities.  We  had  a  mere  color  of  claim 
to  the  Rio  del  Norte,  no  claim  to  a  line  beyond  the  Rocky 
Mountains,  and  none  to  Florida,  which  we  very  much  wanted. 
The  treaty  gives  us  the  Mississippi  and  all  its  waters — gives  us 
Florida — gives  us  an  acknowledged  line  to  the  South  Sea,  and 
seventeen  degrees  of  latitude  upon  its  shores — gives  our  citizens 
five  millions  of  dollars  of  indemnity — and  barely  gives  up  to 
Spain  the  colorable  claim  from  the  Sabine  to  the  Rio  del  Norte. 
Now,  negotiation  implies  some  concession  upon  both  sides.  If 
after  obtaining  every  object  of  your  pursuit  but  one,  and  that 
one  weak  in  principle  and  of  no  present  value,  what  would 
you  have  offered  to  Spain  to  yield  that  also  ? 

Trimble  had  no  answer  to  this  question,  but  he  said  he  be 
lieved  Onis  had  deceived  me  about  the  grants.  He  had  no 
doubt  Onis  knew  the  grants  were  dated  before  the  24th  of  Jan 
uary,  and  assumed  that  date  with  the  intention  that  it  should 
confirm  them.  This  was  no  disparagement  to  me ;  any  honor 
able  man  might  be  thus  deceived ;  but  that,  he  believed,  was 
the  fact.  I  told  him  that  Onis  might  very  possibly  have  had 
such  an  intention,  but  the  fact  was,  we  had  never  relied  upon 
the  date ;  that  the  grants  were  annulled  by  the  terms  of  the 
article,  independent  of  the  date,  and  that  we  have  not  only  the 
demonstration  that  such  was  the  professed  intention  of  the 
parties  on  both  sides,  but  that  the  article  could,  without  a 
violent  perversion  of  language,  bear  no  other  construction.  To 
this  Trimble  agreed. 

Trimble  is  a  bustling,  talkative,  pushing  man,  professing  to 
be  independent  of  all  parties,  but  in  reality  a  satellite  of  Clay's. 


^o  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

He  made  a  speech  in  the  House  the  other  day  upon  Clay's 
resolutions  against  the  treaty,  in  which  he  said  all  that  he  this 
morning  repeated  to  me,  and  much  more.  He  is  one  of  the 
members  who  make  it  a  point  to  keep  upon  good  and  friendly 
terms  with  me  personally,  and  always  to  side  against  me  upon 
public  questions  involving  my  opinions,  reputation,  or  char 
acter. 

I4th.  Mr.  La  Serna  came,  and  brought  me  a  letter  from  Gen 
eral  Vives,  opening  and  almost  closing  his  negotiation.  Her- 
sant  called  to  give  notice  from  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Hyde  de  Neuville 
that  their  weekly  evening  parties  will  recommence  to-morrow. 
I  took  the  note  of  General  Vives  to  the  President  and  explained 
to  him  its  purport.  A  translation  of  it  was  afterwards  made  by 
Mr.  Purviance,  and  I  took  it  home  with  me  to  prepare  the  draft 
of  an  answer.  Reflecting  on  the  subject,  it  appeared  to  me 
there  were  two  modes  of  proceeding :  one,  to  begin  by  asking 
for  his  full  powers ;  and  the  other,  by  answering  at  once  his 
letter,  giving  him  explanations  upon  all  the  points  on  which 
they  were  required,  and  entering  upon  a  discussion  which  may 
be  of  indefinite  continuance.  I  prepared  a  draft  for  either  alter 
native — one  of  three  lines,  and  the  other  of  four  pages ;  which 
occupied  me  till  midnight. 

1 5th.  The  President  called  at  the  office,  and  I  gave  him  the 
two  drafts  of  an  answer  to  the  note  of  Mr.  Vives,  requesting  him 
to  examine  the  long  one  and  make  such  alterations  in  it  as  he 
would  think  advisable  before  submitting  it  to  the  other  mem 
bers  of  the  Administration.  He  afterwards  sent  it  back  to  me 
with  suggestions  of  several  omissions,  with  a  view  to  soften  ex 
pressions  somewhat  severe,  and  to  avoid  as  much  as  possible 
topics  of  irritation.  I  left  it,  as  revised  by  the  President,  for  a 
copy  to  be  prepared  of  it  at  the  office  for  Monday. 

Mr.  George  Sullivan  came,  and  for  the  first  time  disclosed  to 
me  the  principal  object  for  which  he  visited  the  President  in 
Loudon  County  last  November,  and  now  again  in  this  city. 
It  was  to  make  application  for  the  appointment  of  Commis 
sioner  under  the  Florida  Treaty,  if  it  should  finally  be  ratified. 
There  are  to  be  three  of  these  Commissioners,  for  which  at 
least  thirty  applications  have  been  made  to  the  President.  Sul- 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  yl 

livan  is  a  man  of  polished  manners,  but  not  of  much  delicacy 
of  sentiment,  for  he  urged  his  appointment  on  the  ground  of 
a  promise  to  use  all  his  influence,  and  that  of  his  friends,  to 
support  the  Administration  and  promote  the  re-election  of  Mr. 
Monroe.  This  appointment,  he  said,  would  much  strengthen 
his  influence.  The  fact  is  that  his  influence  is  very  trifling,  and 
is  not  at  all  needed  either  to  support  the  Administration  or  to 
secure  Mr.  Monroe's  re-election.  That  is  so  secure  that  Sulli 
van  and  his  friends  will  take  special  care  to  be  in  favor  of  it. 
But  there  is  a  coarseness  in  these  unveiled  proposals  of  political 
barter,  very  disgusting  to  me.  Sullivan  was  very  urgent  for  a 
promise  of  my  influence  in  his  favor  for  this  appointment ;  but 
I  told  him  the  applications  were  very  numerous,  and  if  the  ap 
pointments  should  ever  be  made  the  President  would  have  all 
the  candidates  before  him,  and  would  make  his  own  selection, 
as  was  always  his  custom.  Sullivan  was  not  half  satisfied  with 
this  answer.  It  would  have  cost  me  nothing  but  principle  to 
have  promised  him  my  influence,  and  to  have  made  him  my 
friend  as  long  as  he  would  find  it  his  interest  to  be  so.  But  I 
make  no  sacrifice  of  principle  for  any  man's  political  friendship. 

i /th.  I  took  to  the  President's  the  draft  of  a  letter  prepared 
to  be  sent  to  General  Vives.  The  President  desired  a  meeting 
of  the  members  of  the  Administration,  which  was  held  at  eight 
o'clock  this  evening.  In  the  mean  time  I  dined  at  the  Russian 
Minister  Poletica's,  with  Vives  and  all  the  members  of  the 
Diplomatic  Corps  now  here.  At  the  Cabinet  meeting  the  alter 
natives  were  discussed  of  the  answer  to  the  note  of  Vives,  which 
I  had  prepared,  and  of  asking,  as  a  preliminary,  for  a  copy  of 
his  full  powers.  The  latter  mode  of  proceeding  was  concluded 
to  be  the  most  advisable,  and  to  enquire  at  the  same  time 
whether  he  is  the  bearer  of  the  ratification  by  the  King  of 
Spain  of  the  treaty  to  be  exchanged,  if  the  explanations  re 
quired  by  his  note  should  prove  satisfactory.  All  the  members 
of  the  Administration  were  present. 

1 9th.  Soon  after  I  came  home  I  received  a  note  from  the 
President,  addressed  to  the  heads  of  the  Departments,  mention 
ing  that  he  should  this  morning  deliver  to  Colonel  Richard  M. 
Johnson  the  sword  which,  by  a  resolution  of  Congress,  was 


j2  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

voted  to  him  for  his  gallant  conduct  during  the  late  war,  and 
requesting  their  attendance  at  ten  o'clock.  I  went  immediately 
to  the  President's  house.  The  members  of  the  Kentucky  dele 
gation  in  both  Houses  of  Congress,  excepting  Mr.  Clay,  the 
Speaker ;  the  heads  of  Departments,  excepting  Mr.  Crawford 
and  the  Attorney-General,  Wirt ;  several  other  persons,  friends 
of  Colonel  Johnson,  were  present,  but  not,  in  all,  more  than  forty 
persons.  Colonel  Johnson  came  in,  escorted  by  the  members 
of  the  Kentucky  delegation.  The  President,  in  delivering  the 
sword,  addressed  him  in  a  short  speech,  which  he  read  from  a 
paper  in  his  hand,  and  which  Colonel  Johnson  answered  in  the 
same  manner.  Mrs.  Hay  and  her  daughter  were  the  only 
females  present,  Mrs.  Monroe  being  confined  to  her  chamber 
by  severe  indisposition.  The  affair  was  all  finished  in  a  quarter 
of  an  hour,  and  left  upon  my  mind  an  impression  of  too  much 
or  too  little  formality.  For  public  example,  and  as  a  signal 
reward  to  merit  and  public  service,  I  should  have  thought  it 
more  proper  if  all  the  members  of  both  Houses  of  Congress 
had  been  invited  to  the  ceremony  and  it  had  been  performed 
in  a  more  formal  manner. 

After  returning  to  the  office,  I  received  the  answer  to  my 
letter  from  General  Vives.  He  encloses  a  copy  of  his  full 
power,  and  states  that  he  has  not  the  Spanish  ratification  of  the 
treaty,  but  is  authorized,  if  satisfactory  answers  are  given  to  his 
proposals,  to  pledge  the  solemn  promise  of  the  King  of  Spain 
that  it  shall  be  ratified  immediately  upon  the  arrival  at  Madrid 
of  a  person  attached  to  his  Legation,  whom  he  will  imme 
diately  dispatch  for  the  purpose.  I  took  this  letter  over  to  the 
President,  who  directed  a  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  Ad 
ministration  to-morrow  morning  to  consider  of  a  reply,  a  draft 
of  which  I  am  in  the  mean  time  to  prepare.  I  was  occupied 
upon  it  this  evening. 

2Oth.  Finished  the  draft  of  an  answer  to  the  letter  from 
General  Vives,  giving  the  explanations  required  by  him,  and 
offering  to  concert  further  arrangements  with  him.  The  Cabi 
net  meeting  was  held  at  the  President's,  and  attended  by  all 
the  members  of  the  Administration,  except  Mr.  Wirt,  the  At 
torney-General.  After  all  the  papers  which  have  passed  since 


i82o.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  j^ 

the  arrival  of  Vives  had  been  read,  and  my  draft  of  a  letter 
now  to  be  sent  him  had  been  partly  discussed,  Mr.  Crawford 
objected  that  it  assented  to  the  proposal  of  entering  into  a  new 
negotiation,  which  ought,  on  the  contrary,  to  be  immediately 
rejected.  He  said  that  my  note  would  only  produce  a  long 
one  in  return  from  Vives,  which  would  again  require  a  long 
reply,  and  we  should  get  into  another  endless  negotiation. 
He  thought  it  would  be  best  to  cut  all  short  by  refusing  to 
negotiate  again,  and  by  insisting  on  bringing  the  affair  to  a 
close.  This  idea  coincided  so  well  with  my  own  that  I  made 
no  opposition  to  it,  and  it  was  generally  approved.  I  am,  there 
fore,  to  prepare  a  note  enquiring  if  Vives  is  authorized,  in  the 
event  of  satisfactory  explanations  being  given  him,  to  consent 
that  Florida  should  be  occupied  by  us  as  a  pledge  for  the  rati 
fication  of  the  treaty  at  Madrid ;  and,  while  offering  to  give  ex 
planations,  declining  to  discuss  them. 

2 1 st.  I  prepared  this  morning  the  letter  to  General  Vives, 
and  took  it  to  the  President's.  He  immediately  sent  for  the 
other  members  of  the  Administration,  and  it  was  examined 
and  discussed  in  full  meeting.  Some  slight  alterations  were 
suggested,  with  which  it  was  immediately  afterwards  copied 
and  sent  to  Vives. 

24th.  Mr.  Hyde  de  Neuville  came  this  morning  to  the  office, 
and  manifested  a  desire  to  know  the  import  of  the  communica 
tions  which  have  taken  place  between  General  Vives  and  me. 
They  have  hitherto  been  of  a  nature  not  tending  to  concilia 
tion,  and  Vives  has  neither  shown  him  his  notes  nor  said  any 
thing  to  him  on  the  subject.  I  told  him  the  substance  of  what 
had  passed  between  us.  He  said  he  wished  to  offer  any  ser 
vice  on  his  part  which  might  promote  a  good  understanding 
and  amicable  arrangement.  I  told  him  General  Vives  was 
taking  his  own  course,  and  we  had  no  motive  for  asking  his 
(De  Neuville's)  interposition.  I  called  at  the  President's  and 
informed  him  of  the  substance  of  this  conversation.  I  dined 
with  Mr.  Antrobus,  the  Charge  d'Affaires  of  Great  Britain. 
Vives,  Hyde  de  Neuville,  and  Poletica,  each  with  two  or  three 
members  of  their  respective  Legations,  were  there.  From 
thence  we  went  and  passed  the  evening  at  W.  Lee's,  where,  to 


74  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

avoid  indiscreet  curiosity,  I  engaged  in  a  game  of  chess  with 
Lomonosoff.  After  finishing  it  I  immediately  came  home,  and 
found  a  note  from  General  Vives,  which  seems  to  leave  the 
possibility  of  coming  to  an  agreement  with  him  desperate. 

25th.  There  was  a  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's,  to 
consider  of  the  note  received  last  evening  from  General  Vives. 
It  is  apparent  that  nothing  can  be  done  with  him,  and  scarcely 
possible  to  doubt  that  it  was  the  intention  of  his  Government 
to  shape  his  instructions  in  such  a  manner  that  he  should  be 
prevented  from  doing  anything  definitive.  It  was  agreed  that 
the  reply  to  his  note  should  correspond  in  general  with  that 
which  I  had  prepared  to  his  first  letter.  The  President  ex 
pressed  some  uneasiness  that  Vives  had  pursued  the  course 
of  transacting  all  the  business  in  writing,  without  asking  for  a 
personal  conference,  and  manifested  a  desire  that  application 
should  be  made  to  Mr.  De  Neuville  for  his  interposition.  I 
told  him  De  Neuville  had  offered  it,  but  that  I  had  declined  it 
as  a  proposition  upon  our  part,  thinking  it  ought  to  come,  if  at 
all,  from  General  Vives  himself,  which  the  President,  on  reflec 
tion,  approved.  It  appears,  by  a  dispatch  from  A.  Gallatin,  that 
Vives  told  him  at  Paris  that  he  was  authorized  to  give  us  pos 
session  of  Florida  without  waiting  for  the  ratification  of  the 
treaty.  He  now  declares  that  he  has  no  such  authority.  Craw 
ford  said  he  had  no  doubt  Vives  had  held  communications  both 
with  De  Neuville  and  Poletica  here,  and  that  they  had  advised 
him  to  deny  his  having  this  authority,  and  told  him  that  Con 
gress  would  do  nothing,  at  all  events,  this  session. 

In  the  public  transactions  between  nations  there  is  often  such 
a  total  disregard  to  truth,  that  the  suspicion  expressed  by 
Crawford  is  perhaps  not  uncharitable ;  but  suspicion  itself  is 
as  apt  to  be  deceived  as  credulity.  Suspicion  is  frequently 
nothing  more  than  self-deception.  Whenever  a  man  resorts  to 
suspicion  to  account  for  the  conduct  of  others,  his  belief  is 
governed  more  by  his  wishes  than  by  his  judgment.  He  sus 
pects  what  he  wishes.  Of  various  possible  causes  of  the  same 
effect,  he  selects  that  which  in  other  respects  best  suits  his 
interests  or  his  passions.  Suspicion,  too,  is  apt  to  delude  by 
wearing  the  mask  of  sagacity.  I  think  Crawford's  suspicion  in 


1 8 20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

this  case  unfounded.  But  I  observed  it  was  probable  La  Serna 
might  have  impressed  Vives  with  the  opinion  that  Congress 
will  do  nothing.  And  it  is  still  more  probable  that  no  person 
has  given  him  any  such  expectation. 

26th.  I  made  a  draft  of  a  note  to  General  Vives,  and  took  it 
to  the  President,  who  immediately  sent  for  the  members  of  the 
Administration  to  consider  of  it.  They  all  came  excepting  the 
Attorney-General,  Wirt,  who  is  gone  to  Richmond.  The  man 
ner  of  conducting  this  negotiation  has  been  thus.  On  receiving 
a  note  from  Vives  it  is  immediately  translated  by  J.  H.  Purvi- 
ance,  the  only  translator  for  the  Department.  I  then  take  the 
translation  to  the  President,  and,  after  a  conversation  with  him, 
prepare  the  draft  of  an  answer,  according  to  my  own  ideas, 
which  I  take  to  the  President.  He  assembles  the  members  of 
the  Administration,  by  whom  the  draft  is  discussed.  Altera 
tions,  additions,  or  omissions  are  proposed,  after  which  the 
note  is  finally  prepared  and  sent.  My  draft  this  clay  repeats 
the  assertion  of  the  absolute  obligation  of  the  King  of  Spain 
to  ratify  the  treaty,  reviews  the  unjustifiable  delays  which 
have  put  off  the  ratification  from  time  to  time,  and  shows  the 
frivolous  and  constantly  changing  pretexts  alleged  for  them. 
Then,  coming  down  to  the  time  of  his  own  arrival  here,  it  shows 
that  he  neither  brought  the  ratification  of  the  treaty  nor  a 
power  to  give  possession  of  Florida  as  a  pledge  for  the  ratifica 
tion,  but  refers  us  back  to  promises  already  given  and  violated. 
It  then  proceeds  to  give  the  explanations  upon  all  his  points  ; 
asserts  and  shows  that  in  the  civil  war  between  Spain  and  her 
American  Colonies  the  United  States  have  maintained  a  faith 
ful  and  impartial  neutrality ;  that  the  pretended  expedition  last 
summer  against  Texas  was  an  insignificant  marauding  party, 
which  never  assembled  within  our  jurisdiction,  for  the  sup 
pression  of  which  prompt  and  effectual  measures  were  taken, 
and  that  it  was  probably,  as  well  as  the  exaggerated  representa 
tions  of  it  sent  to  Spain,  a  device  of  the  fraudulent  speculators 
in  the  annulled  grants;  that  we  had  constantly  refused  to 
contract  any  engagement  not  to  recognize  the  independence 
of  the  South  Americans ;  that  it  was  well  known  to  the 
Spanish  Government,  and  to  Mr.  Onis  when  he  signed  the 


76  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

treaty,  that  we  never  should  agree  to  any  such  stipulation;  that 
Spain  had  no  right  to  ask  it  of  us,  and  that  it  would  be  incom 
patible  with  our  neutrality  to  accede  to  it ;  that  the  declaration 
which  Forsyth  was  instructed  to  deliver,  on  exchanging  the 
ratifications  of  the  treaty,  was  not  intended  to  annul,  alter,  or 
impair  the  eighth  article  of  the  treaty,  but  to  fulfil  it  as  it 
stands — and  proves  that  such  was  the  meaning  of  the  article. 
After  going  through  all  the  articles  of  explanation,  it  concludes 
by  stating  that  the  correspondence  between  us  would  imme 
diately  be  laid  before  Congress,  and  that  after  they  shall 
have  taken  such  measures  concerning  it  as  they  should  think 
proper,  I  shall  make  him  a  further  communication. 

Some  question  was  made  as  to  the  expediency  of  this  con 
clusion,  and  whether  it  would  not  be  better  simply  to  announce 
that  the  correspondence  would  go  to  Congress,  without  any 
promise  of  future  communication.  I  mentioned  my  reason  for 
adding  the  last  clause,  which  was  lest  Vives  might  suppose  by 
the  reference  to  Congress  it  was  intended  to  have  no  further 
communication  with  him.  This  was  not  my  purpose,  and  after 
Congress  shall  have  acted  upon  the  correspondence,  it  seemed 
proper,  and  even  necessary,  that  notice  should  be  given  him  of 
what  they  shall  have  done. 

Mr.  Calhoun  thought  it  would  be  well  to  enlarge  upon  the 
absolute  obligation  of  the  King  of  Spain  to  ratify  the  treaty.  I 
had  been  impressed  with  the  same  idea,  but  had  omitted  that 
argument,  to  avoid  making  the  note  too  long.  I  concurred, 
however,  with  Calhoun's  opinion,  and  took  the  draft  with  me 
to  make  the  addition.  The  editors  of  the  National  Intelligencer, 
Gales  and  Seaton,  called  this  evening  at  my  house  to  ask 
whether  they  might  contradict  in  their  paper  certain  para 
graphs  which  have  appeared  the  last  two  or  three  days  in  the 
Washington  City  Gazette,  asserting  that  the  President  had 
refused  to  receive  the  treaty  which  General  Vives  had  brought 
with  him  ratified;  that  he  had  refused  to  receive  him  as  Min 
ister  of  Spain  ;  and  that,  last  evening,  the  General  was  at  a  party 
at  a  private  house,  where  were  also  several  of  the  heads  of  De 
partments,  and  it  was  observed  that  no  interchange  of  civilities 
took  place  between  them. 


1 8 20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  jj 

Every  one  of  these  paragraphs  is  a  falsehood  or  a  misrepre 
sentation.  But  they  are  shadows  of  a  real  substance.  They  are 
not  facts.  But  the  state  of  things,  of  which  they  are  indicated 
as  the  evidence,  really  exists.  To  deny  the  particular  symptom 
would  be  taken  by  the  public  for  a  denial  of  the  malady,  and 
that  would  mislead  them  more  than  the  misstatements  them 
selves  have  done.  The  mission  of  Vives  is  a  part  of  the  palter 
ing  system  of  Spain.  He  can  conclude  nothing,  and  we  are 
going  to  Congress  with  its  total  failure.  The  curiosity  of  mem 
bers  of  Congress  is  so  eager  and  inquisitive,  and  there  are  so 
many  participators  in  all  our  secrets,  that  a  negotiation  might 
as  well  be  carried  on  in  a  public  square  by  the  sound  of  the 
trumpet  as  here. 

I  told  Gales-  and  Seaton  that  the  paragraphs  in  the  City 
Gazette  were  not  true,  and  I  had  no  knowledge  whence  they 
came.  Some  of  them  carried  their  contradiction  with  them  in 
their  absurdity.  An  authorized  contradiction  of  them  did  not 
appear  to  be  necessary,  and  might  lead  to  other  misconceptions. 
It  might  be  stated  that  the  reports  were  not  authentic. 

27th.  Mr.  Thomas  Lloyd  Halsey  came  to  the  office.  He 
had  been  Consul  at  Buenos  Ayres,  and  was  dismissed  two 
years  since  for  having  sent  blank  privateering  commissions  to 
be  filled  up  in  this  country.  He  had  also  made  a  traffic  of  the 
commissions  of  Artigas,  and  had  given  offence  to  the  Govern 
ment  of  Pueyrredon  to  such  a  degree  that  he  was  at  one  time 
ordered  to  quit  the  country  within  twenty-four  hours;  of  which 
order,  however,  he  obtained  a  revocation.  But  when  De  Forrest 
came  out  he  brought  a  formal  demand  that  Halsey  should  be 
dismissed.  There  had  also  been  a  complaint  against  him  for 
extortion  in  his  Consular  charges.  He  now  told  me  that  he 
came  to  justify  his  conduct,  which  he  attempted  to  do,  without 
success.  He  said  he  had  known  that  various  exports  of  arms 
and  equipments  of  armed  vessels  from  this  country  had  taken 
place  in  behalf  of  the  South  Americans  without  opposition, 
and,  he  had  therefore  concluded,  with  the  approbation  of  this 
Government.  He  feebly  denied  having  made  sale  of  Artigas's 
commissions,  though  he  acknowledged  he  was  informed  it  had 
been  so  attested  at  some  of  the  trials  for  piracy  at  Baltimore. 


78  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

He  also  denied  having"  ever  had  any  actual  interest  in  Buenos 

Ayres  privateers ;  and  as  to  his  illegal  charges,  he  pleaded  the 

example  of  other  American  Consuls,  at  Gibraltar  and  at  Lisbon. 

I  told  him   his  explanations  were   not   satisfactory ;    that  I 

wished  to  have  no  further  discussion  with  him  on  the  subject; 

but  that  -if  he  thought   he  could  vindicate   his  conduct,  and 

•would  reduce  it  to  writing  in  the  form  of  a  memorial  or  letter, 

it  should  be  laid  before  the  President  and  put  upon  the  files 

of  the  Department. 

I  called  at  the  President's  and  showed  him  the  additions  to 
the  note  prepared  to  send  to  General  Vives,  which  he  approved. 
Mr.  Hyde  de  Neuville  called,  and  told  me  that  he  had  seen  and 
conversed  with  General  Vives,  who  was  much  concerned  at  the 
rumors  of  the  rupture  of  our  negotiation.  He  had  the  most 
earnest  desire  that  the  negotiation  should  succeed,  and  had 
every  appearance  of  being  a  fair  and  candid  man. 

I  told  him  that,  from  what  I  had  seen  of  Vives  personally,  I 
had  entertained  a  favorable  opinion  of  his  character,  but  the 
difficulty  was  that  he  had  no  powers.  His  Government  had 
sent  him  here  upon  a  shuffling  mission,  with  instructions  which 
they  knew  would  prevent  him  from  concluding  anything  and 
would  compel  him  to  resort  back  to  them.  This,  after  what 
had  passed,  was  a  mockery. 

He  asked  me  whether  I  would,  before  sending  the  reply  to 
Vives's  last  note,  have  a  personal  conference  with  him.  He 
thought  we  might  thus  more  easily  come  to  a  mutual  under 
standing,  and  he  hoped  Vives  had  some  proposal  to  make 
which  might  be  accepted  by  us.  I  said  I  would  take  the 
President's. directions,  and  had  no  doubt  he  would  consent  that 
I  should  have  a  personal  conference  with  Vives,  though  I  saw 
no  reason  to  expect  from  it  any  satisfactory  result.  The  cor 
respondence  had  already  gone  too  far.  I  had  expected  General 
Vives  would  in  the  first  instance  have  proposed  a  verbal  dis 
cussion,  to  precede  writing,  but  he  had  chosen  to  begin  with 
writing,  and  had  left  little  or  nothing  to  do  by  way  of  confer 
ence.  This  was  the  more  extraordinary,  as  he  had  told  Baron 
Pasquier,  the  French  Minister  of  Foreign  Relations  at  Paris, 
that  he  was  authorized,  if  he  should  receive  satisfactory  expla- 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE,  jg 

nations,  to  authorize  the  immediate  delivery  of  Florida  into 
our  possession,  as  a  pledge  for  the  immediate  ratification  of  the 
treaty ;  a  power  which  he  now  positively  declares  that  he  has 
not.  De  Neuville  said  he  inclined  to  think  that  Vives  pos 
sessed  some  such  power,  and  he  earnestly  wished  we  might 
have  an  opportunity  of  discussing  the  points  of  the  mission 
more  freely  than  was  practicable  in  writing.^  I  believe  this- 
course  to  be  the  most  advisable. 

28th.  There  was  a  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  Adminis 
tration  at  the  President's,  with  the  exception  of  the  Attorney- 
General,  Wirt,  who  is  at  Richmond.  The  draft  of  a  reply  to 
the  last  note  of  General  Vives,  with  all  the  suggested  additions, 
and  others  which,  upon  revision,  had  occurred  to  me  as  proper, 
was  read  and  approved.  I  then  mentioned  the  visit  I  had 
received  last  evening  from  the  French  Minister,  and  the  sub 
stance  of  the  conversation  between  us.  The  President,  Calhoun, 
and  Thompson  were  quite  favorable  to  the  proposed  conference 
between  me  and  Vives.  Crawford  was  apprehensive  it  might 
protract  the  negotiation,  and  weaken  the  case  upon  which 
Congress  will  be  called  to  act.  He  did  not,  however,  object  to 
the  conference,  and  it  was  agreed  that  I  should  first  see  De 
Neuville,  show  him  the  correspondence  that  has  passed  and 
the  note  that  I  have  prepared,  and  afterwards  hold  the  con 
ference  with  Vives.  I  therefore  sent  to  De  Neuville,  request 
ing  to  see  him  to-morrow  at  the  office  at  noon,  and  appointed 
to  see  Vives  at  two  o'clock. 

29th.  Received  this  morning  a  note  from  the  President, 
requesting  to  see  me  before  my  conference  with  the  Spanish 
Minister.  I  called  upon  him  accordingly.  It  was  merely  to 
desire  me  to  communicate  fully  to  Mr.  De  Neuville  the  course 
intended  to  be  pursued  by  us.  De  Neuville  came,  according  to 
appointment,  to  my  office  at  noon.  I  showed  him  the  notes 
which  had  passed  between  Vives  and  me  since  his  arrival,  and 
the  last  note  prepared  by  me  and  ready  to  be  sent.  The  main 
argument  of  this  note  is  to  prove  the  absolute  obligation  of  the 
King  of  Spain  to  have  ratified  the  treaty,  and  to  expose  the 
prevarication  of  the  Duke  of  San  Fernando  in  his  correspond 
ence  with  Forsyth  on  this  subject.  This  exposition  I  think 


So  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

complete.  De  Neuville  could  object  to  it  nothing  but  that 
sovereigns,  being  independent,  were  accountable  for  their  actions 
only  to  God.  I  observed  to  him  that  sovereigns,  having  rela 
tions  of  interest  together,  were  accountable  also  to  each  other 
— were  bound  to  do  justice  and  perform  their  promises,  and,  if 
refusing,  were  compellable  to  perform  them  by  just  war.  But 
this  is  not  the  question  with  the  Duke  of  San  Fernando.  With 
him  it  is  merely  a  question  of  authority  from  Vattel  and  Mar 
tens  on  the  right  of  a  sovereign  to  refuse  the  ratification  of  a 
treaty  signed  by  his  Minister — with  unqualified  full  powers. 
The  Duke  admits  the  appeal  to  the  authority  of  those  writers, 
and  distorts  their  meaning  by  perverting  their  words.  To  this 
De  Neuville  had  nothing  to  reply. 

As  he  left  me,  General  Vives  came,  and  I  had  a  conference 
with  him  of  about  two  hours.  I  gave  him  explanations  upon 
all  the  points  mentioned  in  his  notes,  but  I  abridge  the  account 
of  them  here,  because  the  substance  of  them  will  be  contained 
in  the  correspondence  between  us,  which  will  be  published. 
He  said  he  came  with  a  most  anxious  desire  to  settle  amicably 
all  the  differences ;  that  this  was  also  the  determination  and 
the  earnest  wish  of  his  King ;  that  his  Government  had  no 
intention  to  temporize  or  deal  disingenuously  with  us ;  that  if 
such  had  been  their  object,  he  never  would  have  accepted  this 
mission.  He  was  a  soldier,  and  had  never  been  employed 
before  in  diplomatic  negotiations.  He  wished  to  go  directly 
to  his  purpose.  When  he  arrived  in  the  United  States  he  had 
been  informed  that  the  expedition  of  last  summer  against 
Texas  had  been  broken  up  and  dissolved ;  that  the  laws  against 
piracy  had  been  strengthened  and  effectually  carried  into  execu 
tion;  that  the  hostility  against  Spain,  which  had  been  repre 
sented  in  such  strong  colors  to  the  King,  seemed  to  have  been 
greatly  exaggerated,  and  that  he  had  formed  sanguine  hopes 
of  the  success  of  his  mission ;  that  the  King  had  withheld  the 
ratification  of  the  treaty  only  from  a  sense  of  duty  to  his  own 
subjects;  that  he  could  not  see  their  property  plundered  upon 
the  ocean  and  his  territories  invaded  at  the  very  moment  of  the 
conclusion  of  the  treaty,  without  pausing  to  act  upon  it.  And 
when  informed  of  the  proposal  made  by  this  Government  to 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  gl 

Great  Britain  to  recognize  the  independence  of  Buenos  Ayres, 
he  could  not  avoid  the  belief  that  our  recognition  of  it  would 
immediately  follow  upon  the  ratification  of  the  treaty. 

I  told  him  that  the  proposition  was  made  to  France  as  well 
as  to  Great  Britain,  and  was  intended  to  have  been  made  also 
to  Russia ;  that  it  was  made  at  a  time  when  we  had  no  expec 
tation  of  the  conclusion  of  a  treaty,  on  an  opinion  then  and 
yet  entertained,  that  Spain  herself  must  and  would  ultimately 
acknowledge  the  independence  of  Buenos  Ayres,  and  that  this 
concerted  recognition  by  several  of  the  principal  powers  in 
relation  with  Spain  would  be  favorable  to  the  interests  of  all 
parties,  Spain  herself  included. 

He  said  he  was  himself  of  that  opinion. 

I  told  him  that  our  system  between  Spain  and  South  America 
was  neutrality ;  that  a  stipulation  not  to  recognize  the  South 
Americans  would  be  a  breach  of  neutrality,  and  as  such  we 
could  not  accede  to  it.  With  regard  to  the  grants,  I  told  him 
that  we  wanted  nothing  but  the  eighth  article  of  the  treaty  as 
it  stands ;  and  the  declaration  which  Forsyth  had  been  in 
structed  to  deliver  was  merely  to  warn  against  the  possibility 
of  an  erroneous  construction  of  it  from  an  accidental  mistake 
of  Mr.  Onis,  which  could  justly  have  no  bearing  upon  it. 

He  said  the  grants  had  never  been  made  a  serious  question 
by  the  Spanish  Government.  The  grants  were  null  and  void. 
All  such  grants,  when  registered  by  the  Council  of  the  Indies, 
always  had  conditions  of  settlements  and  improvements  an 
nexed  to  them  which  these  grantees  could  not  have  performed; 
and  if  they  should  ever  produce  their  charters,  the  conditions 
unperformed  would  appear  upon  the  face  of  them.  It  was  only 
after  the  other  objections  had  been  raised  that  his  Government 
had  thought  of  taking  up  this.  As  it  was  desirable  that  some 
thing  should  be  done  for  the  grantees,  he  had  been  instructed 
first  to  propose  that  a  sufficient  portion  of  the  lands  should 
be  reserved  to  the  United  States  to  pay  the  five  millions  of 
dollars  stipulated  for  the  claims,  and  that  the  grants  should  be 
good  for  the  remainder  to  the  grantees ;  but  he  was  not  re 
quired  to  insist  upon  it,  and  did  not  wish  it  to  appear  in  the 
correspondence  at  all. 
VOL.  v. — 6 


82  MEMOIRS   OF   JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

I  told  him  that  although  the  sum  assumed  by  the  United 
States  to  be  paid  for  claims  of  their  citizens  upon  Spain 
amounted  only  to  five  millions  of  dollars,  yet  the  claims  them 
selves  were  much  more ;  that  it  would  be  impossible  to  dis 
criminate  so  as  to  annul  the  grants  to  the  extent  of  five 
millions  of  dollars  and  to  recognize  them  for  the  remainder. 
But  if  the  King  of  Spain  wished  to  have  the  grants  confirmed, 
we  might  consent  to  it  upon  condition  of  having  an  equivalent 
ceded  to  us  west  of  the  Sabine,  and  taking,  for  example,  the 
Colorado  as  the  boundary. 

He  said  he  would  give  up  the  affair  of  the  grants  altogether, 
and  therefore  wished  me  in  the  note  which  I  should  write  him 
to  speak  with  the  utmost  decision  upon  that  point.  On  the 
whole,  he  said,  he  was  perfectly  satisfied  upon  all  the  points  of 
explanation  which  he  had  been  instructed  to  notice.  He  could 
also  undertake  to  say  that  his  Government  would  be  satisfied 
upon  all,  excepting  that  of  our  refusal  to  promise  not  to  recog 
nize  the  independence  of  the  South  Americans.  What  I  had 
said  to  him  on  that  subject  fell  short  of  the  expectations  of  his 
Government,  and  therefore  he  could  not  promise  the  immediate 
ratification  of  the  treaty  upon  the  arrival  of  his  messenger. 
But  he  would  promise  that  the  answer  should  be  immediate 
and  without  delay.  As  he  was  entirely  satisfied  himself,  he 
should  earnestly  urge  his  Government  to  the  ratification ;  he 
would  show  me  the  dispatch  that  he  should  write,  and  fully 
believed  that  the  ratification  would  be  immediately  given. 

After  this  interview,  De  Neuville  came  again  to  the  office.  I 
told  him  that  General  Vives  had  been  explicit  and  apparently 
candid.  But  in  removing  almost  all  the  difficulties  that  had 
existed,  he  had  raised  others.  I  should,  however,  write  him 
now  a  different  note  from  that  which  I  had  prepared,  and  I 
should  make  every  possible  effort  towards  conciliation. 

I  then  called  at  the  President's  and  gave  him  an  exact  account 
of  what  had  passed  between  Vives  and  me.  The  President 
formed  sanguine  hopes  of  final  success  from  it ;  I  did  not  share 
them.  The  prospect  seems,  indeed,  to  brighten  when  every 
obstacle  but  one  has  vanished,  and  that  seeming  to  hang  by 
a  hair.  But  to  my  mind  that  one  has  alone  been  insuperable 


1 820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  g^ 

from  the  beginning,  and  will  yet  prove  so,  unless  superseded 
by  another  not  less  insurmountable.  To  this  Vives  himself  in 
our  conversation  alluded.  The  mutiny  of  the  troops  at  the 
Isle  de  Leon,  which  broke  out  on  the  ist  of  January  last,  by 
their  refusal  to  embark  for  the  long-prepared  expedition  against 
South  America,  has  ripened  into  a  complete  revolution  of  gov 
ernment  in  Spain.  We  have  within  a  few  days  accounts  that 
Ferdinand  VII.  has  convoked  the  Cortes  and  sworn  to  their 
Constitution  of  1812.  Vives  told  me  that  he  had  no  authentic 
intelligence  of  this  event,  but  that  he  believed  it.  The  Con 
stitution  of  1812  declared  the  two  Floridas  to  be  a  part  of  the 
Spanish  territory,  and  under  it  the  alienation  of  any  portion 
of  that  territory  by  the  King  is  expressly  prohibited.  Vives 
said  if  the  King  had  sworn  to  that  Constitution,  the  power  of 
ratifying  the  treaty  would  no  longer  be  in  him  alone,  though 
he  supposed,  whoever  might  be  his  Council,  they  would  con 
sider  this  as  a  transaction  completed,  and  not  subject  to  be 
affected  by  a  change  of  internal  government  in  Spain.  This 
will  undoubtedly  make  a  new  difficulty,  if  all  the  others  are 
abandoned.  I  promised  the  President  to  prepare  as  soon  as 
possible  the  draft  of  a  new  note. 

May  ist.  There  was  a  meeting  this  morning  of  the  members  of 
the  Administration  at  the  President's — all  present  excepting  Mr. 
Wirt,  who  has  not  yet  returned  from  Richmond.  The  substance 
of  my  conference  with  Vives  on  Saturday  was  reported,  and  the 
draft  of  my  note  was  considered  and  approved.  The  general 
opinion  was  that  the  remaining  and  the  new  obstacle  to  the 
conclusion  of  the  treaty  were  both  insuperable ;  but  Crawford 
was  apparently  not  pleased  that  the  other  difficulties  were 
removed,  and  especially  that  relating  to  the  grants.  The  Pres 
ident  also  inclined  to  discredit  the  declaration  of  Vives,  that 
the  grants  had  never  formed  a  serious  obstacle  to  the  ratifica 
tion  by  Spain.  The  secret  of  which  is  this.  Of  the  failure  of 
the  Spanish  ratification,  from  the  operations  of  human  nature, 
the  President  is  willing  to  credit  that,  as  the  main  cause,  which 
is  least  imputable  to  himself,  and  Crawford  that  which  is  most 
imputable  to  me.  The  most  insidious  and  laborious  efforts 
have  been  made  in  the  public  newspapers  to  represent  the 


34  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

question  of  the  grants  as  the  only  one  that  had  prevented  the 
ratification,  and  to  cast  the  whole  blame  of  it  upon  me.  To  me, 
perhaps,  as  far  as  a  question  could  be  made  on  that  article,  it 
was  chiefly  imputable.  No  question  could  fairly  be  made  upon 
it.  The  language  of  the  article  will  not  bear  a  question,  nor, 
when  made,  is  it  susceptible  of  a  fair  argument.  Onis  attempted 
none.  None  has  been  attempted  in  Spain,  and  Vives  is  ashamed 
to  speak  of  it.  Yet  I  cannot  acquit  myself  in  suffering  the 
date  of  24th  January,  1818,  to  pass,  and  not  insisting  upon 
having  it  put  back  some  months,  sufficient  to  have  prevented 
even  the  possibility  of  the  question.  It  was  an  inadvertence, 
and  although  I  am  now  satisfied  that  the  ratification  would 
have  been  withheld  for  other  causes,  and  that  this  has  had  no 
operation  upon  the  case,  yet  I  cannot  escape  the  consciousness 
of  that  inadvertence.  Now,  neither  the  President  nor  Crawford 
can  with  a  very  good  grace  lay  the  charge  of  this  inadvertence 
upon  me.  For  the  article  in  all  its  varieties  was  submitted  to 
them  time  after  time  before  it  was  signed.  They  knew  of  the 
grants  all  that  I  did.  The  mere  question  of  the  date  was  one 
which  they  were  as  much  bound  to  perceive  as  I  was.  The 
inadvertence  was  theirs  as  much  as  mine ;  but  in  the  eyes  of 
the  world  the  sole  responsibility  of  it  rests  upon  me. 

Now,  the  other  causes  of  the  Spanish  refusal  to  ratify  are 
imputable  entirely  to  the  President.  The  proposal  to  Great 
Britain  jointly  to  recognize  Buenos  Ayres,  the  appointment 
of  Judge  Bland,  the  omission  to  issue  a  proclamation  last 
summer  against  Long's  expedition  into  Texas,  and  the  strong 
leaning  to  South  American  independence  in  the  messages  to 
Congress,  are  the  real  causes,  and  it  is  not  surprising  that  when 
they  are  alleged  the  President  should  prefer  looking  to  the 
question  about  the  grants.  Crawford  wishes  the  whole  nego 
tiation  to  fail ;  but,  as  his  State  of  Georgia  is  among  the  most 
deeply  interested  in  our  obtaining  possession  of  Florida,  he 
disavows,  perhaps,  even  to  himself,  and  only  betrays  occasion 
ally  to  others,  his  feelings.  As  he  wishes  it  to  fail,  so  he  most 
especially  wishes  its  failure  to  be  imputable  solely  to  me,  and 
he  therefore  sees  with  reluctance  the  abandonment  by  Spain 
of  the  question  about  the  grants.  He  made  so  light  this 


i82o]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  3^ 

morning  of  this  abandonment  that  Thompson,  the  Secretary  of 
the  Navy,  noticed  it.  He  said  he  thought  it  was  an  important 
point  gained ;  that  many  persons  had  supposed  the  grants 
formed  the  only  difficulty  ;  that  many  supposed  the  article,  as 
it  stands,  confirmed  the  grants.  To  have  the  question  upon  the 
ratification  placed  on  the  single  ground  of  our  refusal  to  stipu 
late  that  we  would  not  recognize  the  South  Americans,  was  the 
strongest  case  which  could  possibly  be  made  on  our  side,  be 
cause  it  was  a  point  upon  which  we  should  have  the  popular 
feeling  and  opinion  unanimously  with  us. 

Crawford  did  not  press  his  observations  in  reply  to  Mr. 
Thompson.  He  presses  nothing  further  than  it  will  bear.  It 
was  agreed  that  I  should  see  Vives  again,  show  him  my  note 
unsigned,  and  offer  to  make  any  alteration  or  addition  to  it 
which  he  might  desire,  and  to  which  I  could  with  propriety 
accede. 

From  the  President's  I  went  to  my  office,  and  immediately 
sent  for  Vives.  I  read  to  him  the  draft  of  a  letter  as  now  pre 
pared,  with  which  he  was  not  altogether  satisfied.  He  sug 
gested  that  there  was  one  point  upon  which  nothing  was  said 
in  my  note — which  was  the  promise  that  if  the  treaty  should 
be  ratified  the  Spanish  territory  on  our  borders  should  be 
respected.  It  was,  indeed,  substantially  said,  and  the  omission 
to  say  it  explicitly  had  not  been  intentional.  I  readily  agreed 
to  add  a  paragraph  such  as  he  desired.  He  objected  to  a 
passage  in  which  I  had  referred  to  his  explicit  admission  that 
the  grants  to  Alagon,  Punon  Rostro,  and  Vargas  were  null 
and  void  at  the  signature  of  the  treaty.  He  said  that  he  had 
then  been  speaking  in  his  individual  capacity,  and  not  as  Min 
ister  of  Spain.  I  observed  that  it  had  been  made  a  question 
between  the  two  Governments ;  that  his  admission,  if  confined 
to  his  individual  capacity,  was  of  no  use  to  remove  the  difficulty; 
that  it  was  no  more  than  his  predecessor  Onis  had  admitted  in 
an  official  note ;  that  it  was  a  point  merely  of  good  faith,  which 
concerned  the  honor  of  Spain,  and  that,  as  it  was  not  intended 
by  Spain  to  persist  in  making  a  point  of  it,  I  could  see  no  reason 
why  it  should  not  be  abandoned  at  once. 

"Why,"  said  he,  in  a  hesitating  manner,  apparently  ashamed 


gg  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

of  himself  for  saying  it,  "  all  grants  after  the  24th  of  January, 
1818,  are  declared  null  and  void — does  it  not  follow  that  all 
grants  of  a  prior  date  are  confirmed?"  I  then  showed  him  an 
original  copy  of  the  treaty,  read  over  with  him  the  eighth  article 
in  Spanish,  and  compared  with  it  Onis's  original  letter  of  i6th 
November,  1818,  from  all  which  it  is  utterly  impossible  to  mis 
take  the  meaning  of  the  article.  He  had  not  a  word  of  reply 
on  the  argument,  but  appeared  to  be  very  uneasy  that  his 
admission  of  the  nullity  of  the  grants  was  to  be  made  public 
by  my  note.  He  said  he  had  told  me  the  grants  were  null  and 
void;  as  a  man  of  honor,  he  would  not  deny  what  he  had 
said;  but  he  was  afraid  he  had  been  too  quick  in  making  the 
concession — that  his  Government  might  disapprove  it,  and  he 
had  not  expected  that  I  should  refer  to  it  in  a  note ;  I  had  said 
some  things  myself  in  our  conference  on  Saturday  which  he 
should  never  think  of  referring  to  in  a  note. 

I  instantly  assumed  a  tone  as  stern  and  peremptory  as  I 
could  use,  and  said,  "  General,  put  into  a  note,  if  you  please, 
every  word  that  I  said  to  you  on  Saturday,  that  I  ever  said  or 
ever  shall  say  to  you."  What  he  alluded  to  was  a  stress  that  I 
had  laid  upon  the  system  of  neutrality  between  Spain  and  the 
South  Americans  which  has  been  avowed  and  maintained  by 
the  Government  of  the  United  States.  I  told  him  that  we 
considered  neutrality  as  forbidding  any  act  which  would  be 
taking  either  side  in  the  war ;  that  when,  two  years  ago,  we 
had  made  the  proposal  to  Great  Britain  and  France  to  recog 
nize  the  independence  of  Buenos  Ayres,  it  was  at  a  time  when 
Onis  had  declared  he  could  not  under  his  instructions  comply 
with  our  proposals,  and  we  had  no  prospect  of  concluding  with 
him ;  that  the  resolution  then  proposed  in  Congress  tending  to 
the  recognition  had  been  opposed  by  the  friends  of  the  Ad 
ministration,  and  its  renewal  lately  had  met  no  countenance 
from  them.  The  tendency  of  these  remarks  was  to  the  infer 
ence  that  in  case  of  the  ratification  of  the  treaty  the  Govern 
ment  of  the  United  States  probably  would  not  precipitately 
recognize  the  independence  of  the  South  Americans;  and 
Vives  now  supposed  I  should  be  unwilling  to  have  these 
remarks  publicly  known.  Finding,  however,  that  I  had  no 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  g/ 

fears  of  that  sort,  he  adverted  to  the  revolution  in  the  Govern 
ment  of  Spain,  confirmative  information  of  which  was  received 
by  yesterday's  mail.  It  comes  from  the  Havanna,  where  the 
Governor  had  published  the  account  of  it,  brought  by  a  vessel 
from  Corunna.  He  told  me  he  had  no  doubt  of  its  authenticity, 
and  said  that  after  such  a  change  he  could  not,  until  he  should 
receive  new  instructions,  promise  anything  but  subject  to  the 
limitation  of  the  King's  power. 

I  finally  told  him  that  I  would  send  him  my  note  unsigned, 
and  would  ask  him  to  send  me  a  draft  of  his  answer,  likewise 
unsigned,  after  which  we  could  meet  and  mutually  agree  upon 
passages  to  be  altered  or  omitted,  so  that  both  the  note  and 
the  answer  might  be  satisfactory  to  both  sides  as  far  as  we 
could  make  it  so ;  to  which  he  agreed. 

The  result  of  this  conference  was  a  conviction  in  my  mind 
that  it  would  be  necessary  to  strengthen  my  note  a  little. 

Mr.  Hyde  de  Neuville  came  to  my  house  this  evening.  I 
told  him  General  Vives  had  been  much  less  explicit  and  can 
did  at  the  conference  of  this  day  than  at  that  of  Saturday.  He 
had  shown  even  an  inclination  to  retract  what  he  had  then  said. 
His  declaration  of  his  own  personal  satisfaction  upon  all  the 
points  of  explanation  was  much  feebler,  and  catching  at  quali 
fications,  the  expression  of  his  belief  that  his  Government 
would  be  satisfied,  and  would  immediately  ratify  the  treaty, 
more  dubious  and  hesitating,  and  his  apparent  apprehension  of 
the  effect  of  the  revolution  in  Spain  much  greater,  than  it  was 
then.  My  note  would  propose  to  him  that  he  should  give  the 
positive  promise  of  immediate  ratification  which  by  his  note  of 
1 9th  April  he  had  declared  he  was  authorized  to  give,  and 
would  offer  to  accept  it,  so  far  as  the  President  could  accept  it ; 
that  is,  so  far  as  to  submit  the  question  to  the  Senate  for  their 
advice  and  consent,  whether  under  these  circumstances  the 
ratification  of  Spain  should  be  accepted  for  that  of  the  United 
States  heretofore  given.  But  it  was  now  evident  Vives  would 
not  give  even  that  unconditional  promise.  We  could  not  pos 
sibly  go  further,  and  the  whole  correspondence  must  be  com 
municated  to  Congress.  I  mentioned  to  him  my  agreement 
with  Vives,  to  send  him  an  unsigned  note  and  receive  from 


88  MEMOIRS   OF  JO  PIN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

him  an  unsigned  answer,  to  be  altered  or  modified  as  we  could 
make  them  mutually  most  accommodating.  This  proposal  to 
accept  the  unconditional  promise  of  Vives  had  occurred  to  me 
as  a  last  effort  to  close  the  negotiation.  The  President  hesitated, 
from  an  apprehension  that  the  Senate  would  not  give  their 
advice  upon  such  a  promise,  after  having  once  given  it  for  the 
ratification.  They  would  not  act  again  without  the  positive 
ratification  of  Spain  being  first  given.  I  urged,  however,  first, 
that  Vives  would  probably  not  accept  the  proposal,  in  which 
case  we  shall,  upon  the  rupture,  have  all  the  advantage  of 
having  offered  it;  and,  secondly,  that  if  he  should  accept  it,  the 
Senate,  should  they  decline  acting  upon  it,  would  make  or  give 
an  occasion  for  postponement,  allowing  time  for  the  Spanish 
ratification  to  come.  On  these  suggestions,  the  President  as 
sented  to  my  making  this  last  offer.  But  I  observed  to  De 
Neuville  that  it  was  very  extraordinary  that  Vives  should  here 
deny  his  having  power  to  give  us  possession  of  Florida,  after 
having  told  Mr.  Gallatin  and  Baron  Pasquier,  at  Paris,  that  he 
had  such  a  power. 

De  Neuville  hinted  that  Vives  had  passed  through  London 
as  well  as  Paris  on  his  way  here,  and  had  seen  Lord  Castle- 
reagh  as  well  as  Baron  Pasquier.  This  was  mere  conjecture, 
and  it  is  a  part  of  De  Neuville's  policy  to  stir  up  embers  be 
tween  us  and  England.  He  told  me  that  Pasquier  had  written 
the  same  information  to  him.  On  the  whole,  De  Neuville 
said,  he  hoped  Vives  would  yet  be  able  to  make  with  us  a 
satisfactory  arrangement. 

2d.  D.  P.  Cook,  the  Representative  in  Congress  from  the 
State  of  Illinois,  and  T.  Fuller,  one  of  the  members  from  Mas 
sachusetts,  successively  called  at  my  house  this  morning.  I 
returned  to  Cook  a  letter  from  N.  Pope,  the  District  Judge  of 
Illinois,  which  he  had  some  days  since  sent  me.  At  the  first 
election  for  Congress  after  the  admission  of  Illinois  as  a  State, 
Cook  was  a  candidate,  and  lost  the  election  by  a  few  votes ;  at 
the  next  election  Cook  carried  it  by  a  small  majority.  McLean 
was  both  times  his  competitor,  and  lost  the  election  for  the 
present  Congress  in  consequence  of  voting  on  the  slavery  side 
of  the  Missouri  question  at  the  last  session.  The  election  for 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  go 

the  next  Congress  comes  on  in  August,  and  a  person  by  the 
name  of  Kane  is  to  be  Cook's  competitor.  Pope's  letter  specu 
lates  upon  the  election,  and  seems  distrustful  of  the  result.  It 
shows  how  industriously  Crawford  is  working  there,  as  well  as 
in  every  other  part  of  the  Union,  by  the  means  of  his  appoint 
ments,  to  promote  his  own- future  views,  and  says  explicitly 
that  if  I  have  any  future  expectations  I  must  interfere  directly 
with  the  appointments.  John  Pope  wrote  much  the  same  thing 
two  years  ago  from  Kentucky. 

I  have  hitherto  scarcely  interfered  with  any  appointments, 
and  in  no  instance  with  a  view  to  provide  for  a  political  partisan. 
At  this  game  I  have  perfect  demonstration  that  Crawford  is  an 
overmatch  for  me.  Fuller  gave  me  further  confirmation  of  it 
by  assuring  me  that  the  State  of  Maine  was  sold  to  Crawford — 
sold,  he  said,  not  for  money,  but  for  objects  quite  as  mercenary. 
He  asked  me  whether,  as  the  slave-holder  was  buying  up  aux 
iliaries  in  our  camp,  some  assistance  against  him  could  not  be 
drawn  from  his  side — how  Calhoun  and  South  Carolina  were 
disposed  ?  I  told  him  that  of  Calhoun's  disposition  I  knew 
nothing.  In  South  Carolina  there  would  be  a  party  opposed  to 
Crawford,  though  both  the  Senators  from  that  State  will  be  in 
his  favor.  There  is  also  in  his  own  State  of  Georgia  a  strong 
party  against  him,  at  the  head  of  which  is  the  present  Governor; 
and  in  Tennessee  all  the  friends  of  General  Jackson.  I  added 
that  Crawford's  present  reliance  was  chiefly  upon  Virginia  and 
New  York.  Virginia  will  support  him  because  he  is  a  native 
of  the  State,  and  he  has  hopes  from  New  York  by  means  of 
some  of  the  delegation  from  that  State — I  know  not  exactly 
whom.  But  he  expects  to  rise  there  by  the  fall  of  Clinton. 
Fuller  said  it  was  apparent  that  preparations  were  making  for 
a  violent  canvass  for  the  Presidential  election  of  1824.  I  said 
there  had  been  scarcely  anything  but  such  canvassing  since 
1816.  He  said  he  hoped  I  did  not  intend  to  withhold  myself 
from  the  contest.  I  told  him  the  principle  of  my  life  had  been 
never  to  ask  the  suffrage  of  my  country,  and  never  to  shrink 
from  its  call.  If  life,  and  health,  and  private  circumstances 
admitting  of  it,  and  a  belief  of  competency  to  the  station,  not 
inferior  to  others  who  maybe  competitors  for  it,  should  be  mine 


gO  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

after  the  vicissitudes  of  the  next  four  years,  I  shall  adhere  to 
the  principle  upon  which  I  have  always  acted.  Whether  any 
portion  of  the  country  will  think  of  calling  for  my  services  will 
certainly  depend  upon  the  series  of  future  events.  I  know  the 
disadvantages  on  which  I  now  stand,  and  am  conscious  of  my 
inability  to  make  interest  by  caballing,  bargaining,  place-giving, 
or  tampering  with  members  of  Congress.  I  have  been  here 
three  sessions,  with  a  colleague  in  the  Executive  Administra 
tion  who  at  the  caucus  preceding  the  last  Presidential  election 
was  a  candidate  against  Mr.  Monroe,  and  came  very  near  out 
voting  him ;  who  considers  himself,  therefore,  as  quite  entitled 
to  the  succession;  who,  as  a  Virginian  born,  is  sure  of  the  sup 
port  of  that  State  against  any  one  not  of  the  same  origin ;  as  a 
slave-holder,  has  the  first  pledge  of  votes  from  the  South  and 
Southwest ;  and  possesses  an  immense  patronage  throughout 
the  Union,  which  he  exercises  to  promote  his  purposes  without 
scruple  and  without  restraint. 

At  the  same  time,  the  Speaker  of  the  House  of  Representa 
tives,  a  very  popular  man  and  speaker,  a  disappointed  rival, 
openly  avowed  as  a  political  opponent  to  me,  and  exercising 
against  me  both  publicly  and  insidiously  all  his  influence  ;  while 
I  had  scarcely  a  single  friend,  personal  or  political,  in  the  House, 
and,  at  the  first  session  after  I  came  here,  not  ten  members  with 
whom  I  had  any  acquaintance  at  all.  Then  it  was  contrived  to 
raise  a  question  of  etiquette  between  the  Senators  and  me,  and 
between  the  wives  of  members  of  Congress  and  mine — a  device 
despicable  enough  in  itself,  but  which  had  produced  its  effect 
perhaps  upon  one-third  of  the  members  of  both  Houses.  In 
the  course  of  three  sessions  I  have  formed  slight  personal 
acquaintances  with  most  of  the  members,  but  have  had  neither 
time  nor  opportunity  to  become  intimate  with  any  of  them. 
My  means  of  acquiring  personal  adherents,  therefore,  are 
nothing.  Upon  the  foundation  of  public  service  alone  must  I 
stand;  and  when  the  nation  shall  be  called  to  judge  of  that,  by 
the  result,  whatever  it  may  be,  I  must  abide.  Were  it  in  my 
power,  I  would  sink  in  oblivion  the  very  idea  of  a  Presidential 
election  in  1824;  but,  forget  it  as  I  might,  it  would  be  ever 
present  to  the  minds  of  my  adversaries.  The  three  sessions  of 


1820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

Congress  have  been  three  wrestling-matches  to  bring  me  down 
by  the  ruin  of  Mr.  Monroe's  Administration.  The  first  and 
second  attempts  failed.  That  of  the  present  session  has  been 
favored  by  circumstances.  The  Missouri  question  is  indeed  a 
flaming  sword  that  waves  round  on  all  sides  and  cuts  in  every 
direction ;  but  the  baseness  of  the  King  of  Spain  has  played 
the  game  into  the  hands  of  Clay,  and  that  which  at  the  close 
of  the  last  session  appeared  to  be  the  most  fortunate1  of  events 
to  me,  is  now  the  most  powerful  engine  wielded  against  me. 
In  Congress,  and  in  the  nation,  the  most  indefatigable  efforts 
are  made  to  represent  me  as  singly  and  exclusively  responsible 
for  everything  that  can  be  exhibited  as  odious,  unpopular,  or 
unsuccessful  in  Mr.  Monroe's  Administration,  and  efforts  not 
less  laborious  are  made,  whenever  anything  prosperous  or 
popular  occurs,  to  deprive  me  even  of  my  portion  of  it.  This 
cabalistic  influence  is  of  itself  sufficient,  eventually,  to  put  me 
down.  May  the  blessed  Disposer  of  events  shield  me  from  the 
calamity  of  contributing  to  the  same  event  by  misconduct  or 
incapacity  of  my  own  !  Fuller  told  me  that  he  should  wish  to 
have  another  conversation  with  me  before  the  close  of  the 
session  ;  to  which  I  agreed. 

I  called  at  the  President's,  and  reported  to  him  the  sub 
stance  of  my  conferences  yesterday  with  Vives  and  with  Hyde 
de  Neuville;  told  him  it  was  now  certain  we  could  conclude 
nothing  with  Vives,  and  showed  him  an  additional  paragraph 
which  I  thought  necessary  to  close  my  note.  He  approved  it, 
but  requested  me  to  show  it  to  the  other  members  of  the  Ad 
ministration.  While  I  was  at  the  President's,  Mr.  Lowndes 
and  Mr.  Holmes  came  there,  and  the  President  called  them  in, 
and  conversed  with  them  in  my  presence  concerning  our  rela 
tions  with  Spain.  He  told  them  the  correspondence  with  Vives 
would  be  sent  to  Congress  in  a  few  days,  probably  next  Saturday. 
He  intimated  the  probability  that  he  should  recommend  an  Act 
to  authorize  the  occupation  of  Florida.  Holmes  declared  him 
self  willing  to  support  that  measure,  and  Lowndes  considered 
himself  already  pledged  to  the  same  course.  He  thought, 
however,  that  the  session  being  so  near  its  close,  it  would 
be  very  difficult  to  get  it  through  Congress.  He  was  also  of 


0,2  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

opinion  that  the  late  change  in  the  Spanish  Government  would 
dispose  many  of  the  members  to  postpone  every  measure  of 
hostility,  though  it  might  incline  others  to  more  decisive 
promptitude. 

Going  from  the  President's,  I  called  at  the  office  of  the  Secre 
tary  of  the  Treasury,  and  showed  him  the  additional  paragraph 
prepared  for  my  note  to  Vives.  He  approved  it,  but  expressed 
again  his  regret  that  so  much  of  the  differences  between  us  and 
Spain  had  been  removed  by  the  personal  conferences  between 
me  and  Vives.  He  was  apprehensive  that,  seeing  us  so  near 
agreed,  Congress  would  be  less  disposed  to  adopt  vigorous 
measures,  and  thought  that  if  my  note,  as  prepared  before  the 
conferences,  had  been  sent,  and  the  correspondence  then,  com 
municated  to  Congress,  they  would  immediately  have  passed 
an  Act  for  the  occupation  of  Florida.  Whether  they  would 
now  was  more  doubtful,  and  he  took  it  for  granted  that  unless 
the  present  moment  should  be  seized  we  should  never  get 
Florida  but  by  war.  With  this  opinion  I  concur,  but  not  in 
the  theory  that  the  more  causes  of  rupture  we  should  keep 
open  the  more  ready  would  Congress  be  for  decision.  If  we 
had  avoided  the  last  attempt  to  come  to  an  agreement,  we 
should  have  been  chargeable  with  precipitation  and  with  pre 
meditated  aggression.  By  reducing  the  subjects  of  difference 
to  a  single  point,  and  that  a  point  upon  which  we  have  the 
unanimous  support  of  this  country — by  proving  upon  all  the 
rest  that  we  go  the  utmost  possible  length  consistent  with 
principle  to  avoid  a  rupture,  seems  to  me  the  truest  policy, 
and  makes  the  best  case  for  Congress  to  act  upon  with  energy. 
After  returning  to  my  office,  I  sent  to  Mr.  Calhoun  and  Mr. 
Thompson,  requesting  them  to  call  as  they  should  be  going 
home;  which  they  did.  They  approved  the  additional  para 
graph  to  my  note. 

3d.  Mr.  Thomas  Lloyd  Halsey,  heretofore  Consul  at  Buenos 
Ayres,  and  dismissed  for  misconduct,  came  again  to  my  office, 
attempted  again  to  exculpate  himself,  and  solicited  to  be  restored 
to  the  appointment.  The  reasons  which  he  assigned  for  his  con 
duct  were  quite  inadequate  to  his  justification.  He  had  been 
charged  with  extorting  unlawful  fees  in  his  Consular  capacity, 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

for  which  he  had  nothing  to  allege  but  that  he  had  followed 
the  example  of  the  Consuls  at  Gibraltar  and  Lisbon.  He  had 
sent  blank  commissions  for  privateering  from  Buenos  Ay  res 
to  this  country,  stipulating  that  the  prizes  should  be  sent  to 
Buenos  Ayres,  consigned  to  him,  with  a  commission  for  him 
of  five  per  cent,  upon  the  sales.  He  had  gone  over  to  Artigas, 
bought  blank  privateering  commissions  of  him,  and  sold  them 
at  Buenos  Ayres,  in  violation  of  the  laws  of  the  place.  He  had 
once  been  ordered  to  quit  Buenos  Ayres  within  twenty-four 
hours  by  the  Supreme  Director  Pueyrredon,  and  De  Forrest 
came  with  a  positive  demand  that  he  should  be  removed.  For 
his  privateering  concern,  he  had  only  to  say  that  he  thought 
it  accorded  with  the  views  of  this  Government,  because  Aguirre 
had  been  suffered  to  build  armed  ships  here  and  send  them  to 
Buenos  Ayres,  because  there  had  been  so  many  armaments 
from  Baltimore  under  the  eye  of  the  Government  which  had 
not  been  prevented,  and  because  Carrera  had  been  particularly 
assisted  from  this  country. 

I  told  him  that  nothing  of  this  was  justification  for  him.  The 
Government  had  never  in  any  of  those  cases  either  sanctioned 
or  connived  at  any  violation  of  the  laws,  which  they  must  have 
done  by  leaving  his  conduct  unnoticed.  He  then  said  he  had 
a  claim  against  the  Government  of  Buenos  Ayres,  in  behalf  of 
which  he  desired  the  interposition  of  this  Government,  and  left 
the  papers  concerning  it  with  me  for  examination.  He  had 
also  a  Consular  account  to  settle  at  the  Treasury,  many  charges 
of  which,  the  Fifth  Auditor,  Pleasanton,  declined  admitting, 
without  my  approbation.  He  left  this  account  also  with  me. 
I  sent  my  unsigned  note  to  General  Vives. 

4th.  Mr.  Hyde  de  Neuville  brought  to  me  at  the  office  an 
unsigned  note  from  General  Vives  in  answer  to  mine  of  yester 
day.  We  read  them  over  together,  and  then  recurred  to  pas 
sages  the  omission  of  which  might  be  desirable  on  one  side  or 
the  other.  It  was  immediately  apparent  that  Vives  had  intro 
duced  several  passages  in  his  note  with  the  expectation  that 
they  would  be  obnoxious  to  me,  and  with  the  view  to  make 
the  omission  of  them  a  condition  upon  that  of  the  passages  in 
my  note  which  asserted  his  explicit  admission  that  the  grants 


94  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

to  Alagon,  Punon  Rostro,  and  Vargas  were  null  and  void  at 
the  time  when  the  treaty  was  signed.  His  solicitude  for  the 
disappearance  of  these  passages  more  strongly  convinced  me 
of  the  necessity  of  retaining  them ;  for  although  his  note  fell 
far  short  of  his  assurances,  in  the  first  conference,  of  his  per 
sonal  satisfaction  upon  all  the  points  of  explanation,  and  of  his 
entire  belief  that  the  King  would  be  satisfied  upon  the  only  one 
which  had  not  entirely  met  his  expectations,  yet  there  was 
nothing  in  his  draft  which  could  produce  any  material  ill  effect, 
and,  although  it  attempted  to  weaken  the  effect  of  his  conces 
sion  respecting  the  grants,  it  could  not  remove  the  impression 
which  it  must  produce  on  the  public  mind.  He  admits  having 
given  it  as  his  private  opinion  that  the  grants  would  be  null 
and  void  from  the  inability  of  the  grantees  to  fulfil  their  condi 
tions.  The  fact  was  in  the  conference  that  he  said  it  was  im 
possible  the  grants  should  be  valid ;  that  the  conditions  essen 
tial  to  them  neither  had  been  nor  could  be  fulfilled  by  the 
grantees ;  nor  did  he  give  it  as  his  private  opinion,  but  as  an 
absolute  and  indisputable  fact ;  though  in  another  part  of  the 
conversation,  and  upon  another  subject,  he  did  say  that  he  was 
willing  to  set  aside  his  official  character  and  speak  with  the 
freedom  of  private  conversation.  In  the  draft  of  his  note  he 
declines  answering  that  part  of  mine  which  demonstrates  the 
nullity  of  the  grants  upon  the  face  of  the  article  as  it  stands, 
by  observing  that  this  has  never  been  with  Spain  a  principal 
obstacle  to  the  ratification,  and  that  she  would  readily  assent 
to  the  nullity  of  the  grants,  if  the  King  should  be  satisfied  with 
the  explanations  relating  to  the  non-recognition  of  the  South 
American  independence.  I  told  De  Neuville  that  if  General  Vives 
would  in  his  note  explicitly  and  unconditionally  abandon  the 
question  about  the  grants,  I  would  omit  from  mine  every  allu 
sion  to  what  he  had  said  of  them  to  me  in  conference. 

De  Neuville  took  great  pains  to  convince  me  that  the  grants 
were  unconditionally  abandoned  in  the  draft  of  Vives,  and 
pointed  to  a  particular  passage  where  he  says  he  hopes  the 
King  will  be  satisfied  upon  the  single  point  remaining  unad 
justed  between  us.  I  replied  that  in  the  second  conference 
Vives  had  told  me  that  this  single  point,  left  open,  raised  another, 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  g^ 

namely,  that  about  the  grants ;  and  that  was  the  reason  why  he 
was  so  anxious  to  take  back  his  concession  concerning  them. 
He  was  ashamed  to  discuss  this  point,  and  yet  wanted  to  use  it 
as  a  make-weight  in  negotiation.  But  the  question  upon  the 
grants  was  merely  a  question  of  good  or  bad  faith  in  Spain. 
The  question  about  South  America  was  a  distinct  object  of 
negotiation  for  assent  or  denial.  I  would  not  permit  one  of 
these  points  to  be  made  conditional  upon  the  result  of  the 
other.  Good  faith  was  not  to  be  made  an  affair  of  barter  for 
an  equivalent. 

De  Neuville  then  proposed  several  turns  of  phrase  for  Vives's 
note,  seeming  to  abandon  the  grants  and  masking  the  idea  of 
the  condition,  and  asked  me  if  I  would  be  satisfied  with  it  so. 

I  told  him  at  last  that  General  Vives  might  modify  that  part 
of  his  note  as  he  pleased ;  I  should  certainly  see  whether  his 
abandonment  of  the  grants  is  explicit  or  conditional.  If  ex 
plicit,  I  will  omit  from  my  note  all  reference  to  what  passed 
between  us  in  conference ;  but  if  conditional,  whatever  effort 
he  may  make  to  veil  the  condition,  I  shall  see  through  it,  and 
shall  leave  the  appeal  to  his  own  consciousness  of  what  he  said 
to  me  in  conference,  as  it  is  in  my  unsigned  draft. 

There  was  another  insidious  passage  in  the  note  of  Vives. 
After  observing  that  the  explanations  on  the  South  American 
point  were  not  such  as  he  had  been  authorized  to  accept  as 
satisfactory,  he  says  he  shall  nevertheless  report  to  the  King 
the  verbal  discussion  which  he  had  with  me  concerning  it,  and 
add  suggestions  of  his  own,  which  he  believed  would  induce 
his  Government  to  accept  them  and  to  ratify  the  treaty.  De 
Neuville  said  he  had  told  Vives  that  he  ought  to  omit  that 
reference  to  our  verbal  discussion ;  but  I  expressed  no  par 
ticular  desire  that  it  should  be  omitted.  I  told  him  I  had  said 
nothing  in  conference  but  what  I  was  willing  he  should  put  into 
the  note,  but  this  reference  to  it  in  general  terms,  without 
specifying  what  I  had  said,  might  excite  suspicions  that  I  had 
given  him  private  promises  different  from  the  tenor  of  my 
public  notes.  I  should  prefer  that  he  would  particularly  specify 
what  I  had  said  to  him,  as  I  had  done  with  him  in  reference  to 
the  concession  about  the  grants.  De  Neuville  then  left  me, 


g6  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

taking  with  him  both  the  notes,  to  ascertain  what  Vives  would 
determine.  The  passages  were  marked  in  both  notes  which 
I  was  willing  to  omit,  and  would,  if  omitted,  shorten  mine  by 
more  than  one-half. 

5th.  Mr.  Hyde  de  Neuville  called  this  morning  at  my  house 
with  the  two  unsigned  notes  ;  that  of  General  Vives  in  a  new  and 
fair  copy,  varied  in  one  point  materially  from  that  of  yesterday, 
by  asserting  that  I  had  told  him  in  conference  that,  if  necessary, 
new  laws  should  be  made  to  secure  respect  for  the  Spanish 
territory.  With  respect  to  the  passages  which  we  had  yester 
day  marked  for  omission,  Vives  consented  to  omit  them  all, 
but  could  not  consent  to  abandon  unconditionally  the  question 
about  the  grants.  It  must  be  subject  to  the  King's  accepting 
as  satisfactory  the  explanations  concerning  South  America.  I 
then  said,  with  more  temper  in  the  manner  than  I  could  justify 
to  myself  afterwards,  that  I  should  not  omit  the  reference  to 
what  Vives  had  told  me  of  the  nullity  of  the  grants,  for  if  Spain 
would  make  fair  dealing  an  article  of  negotiation  her  conduct 
must  be  exposed  to  the  world  in  all  its  nakedness.  I  added 
that  Vives  could  have  no  possible  motive  for  this  pertinacity, 
after  his  admissions,  but  positive  instructions  ;  and  those  in 
structions  must  have  been  given  with  the  determination  that 
he  should  conclude  nothing.  I  was  yet  willing  to  omit  the 
other  passages  in  the  two  notes  which  we  had  marked,  but  De 
Neuville  said  unless  I  would  consent  to  leave  out  the  reference 
to  the  acknowledgment  of  Vives  that  the  grants  were  null  and 
void,  he  would  prefer  leaving  both  notes  as  they  were.  To  this 
I  assented,  but  observed  that  I  had  not  promised  General  Vives 
that  new  laws  should  in  any  case  be  enacted.  I  had  told  him 
that  whenever  the  existing  laws  had  been  found  by  experience 
insufficient  for  the  preservation  of  our  neutrality,  new  laws 
had  been  enacted.  I  could  not  promise  that  new  laws  would 
be  enacted,  for  that  depended  upon  the  legislature. 

I  then  asked  him  what  Vives  said  of  his  declarations  to  Mr. 
Gallatin  and  Baron  Pasquier  at  Paris,  that  he  was  authorized  to 
make  an  arrangement  with  us  to  give  us  possession  of  Florida 
without  waiting  for  the  ratification  of  the  treaty.  "  He  says 
you  may  print  whatever  you  please ;  that  he  never  told  either 


1820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

Baron  Pasquier  or  Mr.  Gallatin  any  such  thing."  De  Neuville 
then  added  that  he  was  convinced  Vives  had  not  said  so  ;  that 
Pasquier  in  his  dispatch  to  him  had  only  said  he  had  reason  to 
believe  Vives  possessed  this  power,  not  giving  it  as  positive ; 
and  that  Vives  had  shown  him  the  minutes  of  his  own  journal, 
taken  down  at  the  time,  immediately  after  his  conversations 
with  Pasquier,  in  which  nothing  like  such  an  assertion  of 
Vives  appears.  De  Neuville  further  said  he  supposed  it  was 
all  a  misunderstanding,  which  originated  with  the  Duke  of 
Fernan  Nunez,  the  Spanish  Ambassador  at  Paris ;  that  he  had, 
upon  mere  conjecture,  intimated  to  Pasquier  and  Gallatin  that 
probably  Vives  had  such  a  power ;  and  that  Pasquier  and  Gal 
latin,  taking  it  for  granted,  had  spoken  of  it  in  general  terms 
to  Vives,  to  which  he,  also  in  general  terms,  had  assented.  I 
observed  that  this  was  scarcely  possible,  and  was  quite  irrecon 
cilable  with  Gallatin's  letter.  The  assertions  of  this  are,  first, 
that  Fernan  Nunez  told  him  that  Vives  was  authorized  to  give 
a  satisfactory  pledge  for  the  ratification ;  secondly,  that  Vives 
afterwards  confirmed  this  to  Gallatin,  and  told  him  the  security 
consisted  in  giving  us  possession  of  Florida  without  waiting 
for  the  ratification ;  thirdly,  that  Vives  gave  the  same  informa 
tion  to  Baron  Pasquier,  at  a  separate  interview,  when  Gallatin 
was  not  present ;  fourthly,  that  Gallatin  had  a  subsequent  in 
terview  with  Pasquier,  at  which  they  both  agreed  in  their 
understanding  of  what  Vives  had  separately  said  to  them,  and 
in  the  importance  of  its  being  immediately  made  known  to  the 
Government  of  the  United  States. 

De  Neuville  said  that,  notwithstanding  all  this,  he  was  con 
vinced  it  had  been  a  misunderstanding ;  and  so  it  certainly  may 
have  been.  De  Neuville  left  my  own  note  with  me,  and  took 
back  that  of  Vives  to  him,  for  his  decision  whether  the  marked 
passages,  other  than  that  upon  the  grants,  should  be  struck  out 
or  retained.  I  expected  Vives  himself  all  the  morning  at  the 
office,  but,  as  he  did  not  come,  near  four  o'clock  I  went  over  to 
the  President's  to  report  to  him  what  had  passed  between  De 
Neuville  and  me.  I  met  De  Neuville,  coming  from  Vives,  on 
the  way,  and  he  told  me  the  General  had  concluded  to  pass 
the  two  notes  as  they  were,  without  striking  out  any  of  the 

VOL.  V.  — 7 


gS  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

marked  passages,  as  I  adhered  to  that  of  his  admission  in  the 
first  conference,  that  the  grants  were  null  and  void.  I  made 
a  full  report  to  the  President  of  the  two  interviews  with  De 
Neuville ;  and  General  Vives  not  appearing,  I  signed  and  sent 
him  the  note  dated  the  3d  instant.  Mr.  Lowndes  and  Mr.  Cal- 
houn  called  at  my  house  this  evening.  There  was  a  new  re 
port  circulated  this  day,  coming  by  a  vessel  from  Gibraltar,  that 
the  ratified  treaty  had  been  sent  from  Madrid  by  an  American 
Consul,  who  had  embarked  at  Malaga  and  sailed  for  the  United 
States  in  the  brig  Edward  Foster,  to  which  I  gave  no  sort  of 
credit.  While  Calhoun  and  Lowndes  were  with  me,  I  received 
the  note  from  General  Vives,  signed ;  upon  which  they  imme 
diately  withdrew. 

6th.  The.  two  Senators  from  Rhode  Island,  Burrill  and 
Hunter,  came  to  intercede  for  T.  L.  Halsey  to  obtain  his  reap- 
pointment  as  Consul  at  Buenos  Ayres.  I  repeated  to  them  all 
the  charges  which  stand  proved  against  Halsey,  showing  that 
he  is  not  a  trusty  man,  and  that  he  had  made  himself  as  ob 
noxious  to  the  Government  at  Buenos  Ayres  as  to  his  own ; 
that  I  believed,  therefore,  it  was  quite  out  of  the  question  that 
he  should  be  sent  there  again ;  that  my  own  opinion  in  the 
case  was  decisively  made  up,  but  that  the  decision  would  of 
course  be  made  upon  that  of  the  President.  They  asked  me  if 
I  thought  it  probable  the  President  would  decide  in  favor  of 
Halsey  if  they  should  call  upon  him.  I  told  them  I  wished 
they  would  call  upon  him,  for,  as  I  had  and  could  have  no  pos 
sible  motive  for  ill  will  personally  towards  Halsey,  I  wished 
he  might  have  the  benefit  of  everything  that  could  be  said  in 
his  favor,  but  I  had  no  reason  to  believe  that  the  President's 
opinion  would  be  changed  in  this  case.  They  left  me,  intend 
ing,  as  I  supposed,  to  call  upon  the  President,  but  they  did  not. 

Messrs.  Dana  and  Otis,  Senators  from  Connecticut  and  Mas 
sachusetts,  also  called  successively  at  the  office  upon  private 
business  of  their  own,  and  perhaps  to  ascertain  the  state  of  the 
Spanish  negotiation.  Otis  goes  to-morrow  or  on  Monday  for 
Boston.  I  told  him  the  message  would  probably  be  sent  in  to 
Congress  on  Monday,  and  would  recommend  again  the  post 
ponement  of  the  subject  until  the  next  session ;  upon  the  ground 


1 8 20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  gg 

of  the  late  change  of  government  in  Spain.  Otis  intimated  that 
the  President  had  disclosed  to  individual  members  of  Con 
gress  the  actual  state  of  the  negotiation.  This  insinuation  was 
perfectly  characteristic  in  Otis.  I  told  him  that  the  President 
occasionally  disclosed  circumstances  of  negotiation  to  mem- 
'bers  of  Congress  because  he  considered  it  safe  and  useful  so 
to  do,  and  sometimes  to  gratify  their  curiosity;  I  sometimes 
did  the  same  thing,  and  perhaps  with  less  discretion  than  the 
President ;  but  many  members  of  Congress  had  little  scruple  as 
to  the  time  or  character  of  their  enquiries,  and  it  was  better  to 
tell  them  at  once  what  could  be  told  without  material  incon 
venience,  than  to  doubt  the  propriety  of  their  enquiries  or  to 
give  them  evasive  answers.  Otis  himself  has  been  as  inquisi 
tive  as  any  one,  and  called  two  or  three  times  within  the  week 
at  the  office,  upon  other  affairs,  to  know  exactly  the  phase  of 
the  political  planet. 

At  one  o'clock  there  was  a  meeting  of  the  members  of  the 
Administration  at  the  President's.  He  had  prepared  the  draft 
of  a  message  to  Congress  to  be  sent  with  the  correspondence 
between  me  and  Vives,  but  he  was  undecided  whether  to  con 
clude  by  recommending  a  law  for  the  immediate  occupation  of 
Florida,  or  a  law  giving  a  discretionary  power  for  taking  pos 
session  in  the  event  of  the  non-ratification  by  Spain,  or  a 
postponement  of  acting  upon  the  subject  until  the  next  session. 
He  had  drawn  different  concluding  paragraphs  corresponding 
to  these  different  views.  Mr.  Crawford's  opinion  was  very 
decisive  in  favor  of  an  immediate  occupation ;  he  said  it  was 
the  last  chance  of  obtaining  the  ratification  of  the  treaty — it 
would  be  completely  justified  by  the  conduct  of  Spain.  If  we 
should  take  possession  now,  the  new  Government  of  the  Cortes, 
finding  us  in  possession,  would  consider  it  as  an  affair  concluded 
before  they  came  into  power,  and  would  not  object  the  article 
of  the  Constitution  against  it.  And  if  they  should,  we  should 
have  henceforth  the  advantage  of  negotiating  with  the  object 
of  negotiation  in  our  own  possession.  But  if  we  should  not 
take  possession  now,  we  should  never  hereafter  obtain  Florida 
but  by  war.  By  an  article  of  the  Spanish  Constitution  of  1812, 
to  which  the  King  has  now  sworn,  he  is  expressly  prohibited 


IOQ  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

from  alienating  any  portion  of  the  Spanish  territory,  however 
small,  and  by  another  article  the  two  Floridas  are  declared  a 
part  of  the  Spanish  territory.  There  is  no  power  given  in  the 
Constitution  to  the  Cortes  themselves  to  alienate  the  Spanish 
territory.  They  are  to  approve,  before  ratification,  treaties 
offensive,  of  alliance,  or  subsidy,  and  special  treaties  of  com 
merce,  but  the  Constitution  offers  no  lawful  means  of  alienating 
territory.  If,  therefore,  when  the  Cortes  assemble  they  find  us 
already  in  possession,  they  will  be  glad  to  seize  upon  that 
incident  to  consider  the  whole  affair  as  settled  and  out  of  their 
competency;  or  if  otherwise,  they  will  be  too  much  engaged 
in  affairs  of  more  interest  to  themselves  to  go  to  war  with  us  at 
this  moment,  and  we  may  indulge  their  scruples  as  to  the  right 
of  negotiating  as  long  as  they  please,  holding  in  the  mean  time 
possession  of  the  country. 

In  this  opinion  I  concurred  so  far  as  to  believe  it  indispensable 
that  Congress  should  authorize  the  President  to  occupy  the 
territory.  Armed  with  this  power,  the  President  might  give 
notice  to  the  Spanish  Government  that  the  ratification  of  the 
treaty  would  yet  be  accepted,  but  that  in  any  event  the  terri 
tory  would  be  occupied.  To  the  same  opinion  Mr.  Thompson 
and  Mr.  Wirt  inclined. 

Calhoun  was  decidedly  for  recommending  to  Congress  to 
postpone  acting  upon  the  subject  till  the  next  session.  His 
first  argument  was  the  want  of  time.  Both  Houses  have  agreed 
to  adjourn  next  Monday  week,  the  I5th.  There  is,  therefore, 
only  one  week  that  they  have  to  act,  during  which  they  will 
be  excessively  oppressed  with  other  business.  The  members 
are  all  impatient  to  go  home,  many  are  already  gone,  and 
numbers  will  be  falling  off  every  day  next  week.  Upon  a 
measure  so  important  as  that  of  directing  or  authorizing  an 
act  of  war,  Congress  will  be  extremely  reluctant  at  acting  at 
such  a  stage  of  the  session,  and,  even  if  there  should  be  little 
debate,  a  week  is  scarcely  sufficient  for  a  bill  to  go  through  the 
ordinary  forms  in  both  Houses. 

To  this  I  replied  that  the  mere  convenience  of  the  members 
of  Congress  ought  to  have  no  weight  upon  an  occasion  so  im 
portant  as  this.  It  would  be  a  public  duty,  which  Congress 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  IOI 

must  discharge  upon  their  own  responsibility.  If  they  have 
not  time  within  the  term  upon  which  they  have  agreed  for 
their  adjournment,  they  can  fix  the  close  of  the  session  at  a 
more  distant  day. 

Calhoun  then  said  that  after  the  recent  change  in  the  Gov 
ernment  of  Spain  it  would  be  impolitic  and  quite  contrary  to 
the  feelings  of  the  people  of  this  country  to  begin  by  an  act 
of  hostility  to  them.  It  was  very  doubtful  whether  a  majority 
in  Congress  would  at  any  period  of  the  session  have  author 
ized  the  occupation  of  Florida.  He  was  convinced  they  would 
not  take  such  a  step  now.  The  result  of  the  recommendation 
would  be,  therefore,  a  disagreement  between  the  Executive  and 
the  legislature.  The  distressed  situation  of  Spain  had  been 
suggested  by  the  message  of  2/th  March  as  a  reason  for  post 
poning  any  decisive  measure  till  the  next  session ;  the  same 
reason  still  continued,  and  the  message  might  say  something- 
favorable  of  the  recent  revolution  there,  which  would  bespeak 
the  good  will  of  those  newly  come  into  power. 

This  became  at  once  a  leading  idea.  But  it  was  observed 
that  the  distressed  state  of  Spain  was  mentioned  in  the  message 
of  2/th  March  as  a  reason  for  delay,  to  wait  for  the  arrival  of 
the  Minister  who  was  to  come  for  explanations,  as  it  was  sup 
posed  those  circumstances  might  have  delayed  his  departure : 
this  could  not  now  be  assigned.  Mr.  Wirt  recurred  to  the 
message,  and  thought  that  the  effect  of  the  distress  in  delay 
ing  the  departure  of  the  Minister  was  assigned  distinctly  as  a 
separate  reason  from  that  of  the  distress  itself.  But  I  reminded 
him  that  when  that  message  was  discussed  it  was  introduced 
as  a  modification  which  was  thought  necessary  to  warrant  any 
reference  to  the  state  of  Spain,  and  to  avoid  any  appearance  of 
disapproving  the  movement  of  the  troops  at  the  island  of  Leon. 
The  reason  now  to  be  assigned  must  obviously  be  altogether 
different ;  and  I  suggested  that,  instead  of  referring  to  the  con 
dition  of  Spain  as  distressed,  it  should  rather  be  presented  as 
one  of  relief  from  distress,  and  of  hope.  A  revolution  favor 
able  to  the  prospects  of  the  people  had  been  accomplished. 
An  oppressive  and  detestable  despotism  had  been  destroyed. 
The  Inquisition  had  been  abolished ;  the  press  made  free ;  the 


102  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

prisons  opened  and  disgorged  of  all  their  political  victims ; 
and  all  this  effected  with  unexampled  moderation,  without  any 
sacrifice  of  blood,  except  the  massacre  at  Cadiz,  of  which  the 
people  were  not  the  authors,  but  the  sufferers.  There  had 
been  no  popular  violence,  no  outrages  upon  humanity.  The 
message  might  express  the  hope  that  the  revolution  would 
promote  the  happiness  of  the  Spanish  nation,  and  derive  a 
presage  of  that  result  from  the  moderation  and  humanity 
which  have  hitherto  attended  its  progress. 

The  President  determined  to  take  this  into  consideration.  A 
question  was  made  whether  it  might  not  be  necessary  to  post 
pone  sending  the  message  to  Congress  until  Tuesday.  It  has 
been  expected  every  day  this  week,  and  the  impatience  for  its 
appearance  is  excessive  both  in  and  out  of  Congress.  But  by 
a  handbill  from  Boston,  received  by  the  mail  of  this  day  by  Mr. 
Otis,  and  which  he  sent  me,  it  appears  that  the  brig  Edward 
Foster  arrived  there  from  Malaga  last  Tuesday,  and  that  Rich 
ard  S.  Hackley,  formerly  Consul  at  Cadiz,  came  passenger  in 
her,  with  dispatches  from  Mr.  Forsyth.  The  rumor  of  his 
having  brought  with  him  the  ratified  treaty  proves  as  ground 
less  as  other  rumors  from  the  same  source.  As  he  is,  however, 
said  to  have  left  Madrid  the  2 1st  of  March,  it  seems  necessary 
to  delay  the  message  until  his  dispatches  arrive.  It  was  agreed 
on  all  sides  that  there  was  nothing  in  the  note  of  Vives  which 
of  itself  could  warrant  a  recommendation  to  Congress  to  post 
pone  acting  until  the  next  session.  Mr.  Thompson  thought  the 
tenor  of  his  note  insulting,  and  all  thought  it  quite  unsatisfac 
tory.  I  said  perhaps  it  would  be  proper  to  reply  to  it  before 
sending  the  papers  to  Congress.  This  was  left  undecided;  but 
the  President  twice  intimated  to  me  that,  for  my  own  sake,  I 
should  write  to  ask  Vives  what  he  meant  by  the  verbal  discussions 
with  me  which  he  proposes  reporting  to  his  Government  and 
urging  as  motives  for  them  to  be  satisfied  with  the  explanations 
concerning  the  South  American  point.  He  thought  that,  if 
left  unexplained,  that  passage  might  give  rise  to  insinuations 
like  those  of  Gene|t  against  Mr.  Jefferson,  that  I  had  a  lan 
guage  official  and  a  language  confidential.  On  returning  to  my 
office,  therefore,  I  immediately  wrote  Vives  a  note,  asking  him 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


103 


to  specify  what  I  had  said  in  the  verbal  discussion  to  which  he 
alluded,  and  which  he  proposed  reporting  to  his  Government. 
I  left  orders  at  the  office  to  have  it  open  to-morrow  after  the 
arrival  of  the  mail,  in  expectation  of  receiving  the  dispatches 
brought  by  Hackley. 

/th.  In  reflecting  upon  the  correspondence  with  General 
Vives,  I  became  more  and  more  convinced  that  a  reply  to  his 
last  note,  and  indeed  to  all  the  argument  yet  unanswered  in  all 
his  notes,  would  be  necessary  to  go  with  the  papers  to  Congress. 
The  impression  upon  the  whole  would  otherwise  be,  not  only 
dissatisfaction  with  the  result,  but  with  the  defective  main 
tenance  of  our  side  of  the  question.  A  great  part  of  the  note 
prepared  before  my  conference  with  Vives  of  2Qth  April,  which 
was  omitted  from  my  note  of  3d  May,  becomes  again  proper 
to  be  said,  and  a  general  review  of  the  whole  negotiation  will 
be  useful  to  concentrate  the  opinions  of  Congress  and  of  the 
public.  It  was  necessary  to  do  all  this,  and  to  have  three  copies 
of  the  paper  ready  to-morrow,  one  for  Vives  and  two  to  be  sent 
to  Congress  with  the  message.  While  I  was  thinking  how  to 
accomplish  this,  I  received  a  note  from  the  President,  whose 
slumbers  last  night  were,  I  believe,  not  more  quiet  than  mine. 
He  desired  me  to  send  him  a  copy  of  the  translation  of  Vives's 
last  note,  and  suggested  to  me  the  propriety  of  my  seeing  this 
day  Mr.  Poletica,  the  Russian  Minister,  and  informing  him  of 
the  course  of  the  negotiation  and  of  the  substance  of  the  mes 
sage  about  to  be  sent  to  Congress.  I  had  given  last. evening 
to  Mr.  Bailey  the  translation  of  the  note  from  Vives,  request 
ing  him  to  have  two  copies  of  it  ready  in  the  course  of  this  day. 
I  now  called  on  him  at  his  lodgings,  took  a  copy  of  the  note 
which  he  had  ready,  and  desired  him  to  make  immediately  the 
other  copy,  and  to  call  upon  the  messenger  and  have  the  office 
of  the  Department  opened,  and  to  attend  there  himself.  I  then 
went  to  the  President's,  and  met  at  his  door  General  S.  Smith, 
Chairman  of  the  Committee  of  Ways  and  Means,  who,  seeing 
me,  went  away,  saying  he  would  call  again.  I  told  the  Presi 
dent  I  had  received  his  note,  and  asked  him  whether  in  seeing 
Mr.  Poletica  it  was  his  intention  that  I  should  tell  him  what 
the  purport  of  the  message  to  Congress  would  be.  He  said 


MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN  QUIATCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

that  had  not  been  definitely  his  intention.  But  as  we  had  com 
municated  quite  confidentially  with  the  French  Minister  during 
the  progress  of  the  negotiation,  he  had  thought  it  might  be 
gratifying  to  Poletica  and  to  his  Government  if  we  should 
manifest  the  same  confidence  in  him.  I  observed  that  the  con 
fidence  in  De  Neuville  had  been  merely  in  continuation  of  the 
part  which  he  had  taken  in  the  former  negotiation  ;  that  Vives 
came  instructed  to  consult,  and  had  consulted  him  ;  that  he  had 
sought  our  confidence,  and  interposed  under  instructions  from 
his  own  Government.  This  was  not  the  case  with  Poletica. 
His  instructions  had  been  to  plead  the  cause  of  peace  and 
concord  at  Washington  till  Vives  should  come,  but  not  to  use 
or  attempt  any  influence  upon  the  negotiation.  Accordingly, 
although  always  as  inquisitive  and  eager  for  information  upon 
the  policy  and  intentions  of  this  Government,  he  has  been  since 
the  arrival  of  Vives  invariably  reserved,  has  never  spoken  to 
me  of  the  negotiation,  and  has  rather  avoided  than  sought  any 
opportunity  for  private  conversation  with  me;  a  course  remark 
ably  differing  from  his  ordinary  practice.  Under  these  circum 
stances,  if  I  should  now  send  for  him  merely  to  communicate 
that  which  in  two  or  three  days  will  be  public  by  the  message 
to  Congress,  I  apprehended  it  might  have  an  appearance  as  if 
we  were  inviting  his  interference  to  exercise  influence  upon 
Vives,  either  by  persuasion  or  intimidation. 

To  this  the  President  assented,  and  gave  up  the  idea  of  my 
seeing  Poletica.  I  found  him  yet  undetermined  how  he  should 
conclude  the  message  to  Congress,  but  he  had  prepared  a 
paragraph  expressing  the  ideas  yesterday  suggested  by  Cal- 
houn  and  me ;  a  hope  that  the  recent  change  of  Government 
in  Spain  would  promote  the  happiness  of  the  nation,  a  com 
mendatory  notice  of  the  moderation  with  which  it  had  been 
conducted,  and  a  confidence  of  obtaining  justice  from  the  new 
authorities.  I  observed  to  him  that  the  paragraph  in  Vives's 
last  note  concerning  the  change  in  Spain  was  equivalent  to  a 
declaration  that  he  considered  his  powers  suspended  until  he 
should  receive  further  instructions. 

He  admitted  it  would  bear  that  construction,  but  advised  me 
to  ask  a  further  explanation  from  Vives  of  his  meaning.  I 


1 8 20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


105 


recurred  again  to  the  necessity  of  a  final  reply  to  Vives,  in 
cluding  a  review  of  the  negotiation,  and  he  agreed  that  I  should 
prepare  one.  I  then  went  to  my  office,  and  prepared  the  draft 
of  this  closing  note.  I  took  the  part  of  the  draft  which  had 
been  prepared  before  the  first  conference,  and  which  is  yet 
applicable,  to  which  I  prefixed  a  new  introduction  and  annexed 
a  new  conclusion;  then  took  the  whole  over  to  the  President, 
who  approved  it  without  alteration.  The  President  concluded 
not  to  send  the  message  to  Congress  till  Tuesday,  and  desired 
me  to  inform  Mr.  Lowndes,  the  Chairman  of  the  Committee  of 
Foreign  Relations,  so  that,  if  necessary,  notice  should  be  given 
to  the  House  of  Representatives.  Between  six  and  seven  in 
the  evening  I  returned  home  to  dinner,  after  calling  upon 
Lowndes  and  giving  him  the  information  as  desired  by  the 
President. 

8th.  Mr.  Bailey  called  this  morning  at  my  house  with  the 
note  to  General  Vives,  ready  to  be  signed,  which  he  said  he 
had  been  engaged  upon  the  whole  night,  and  had  finished  at 
four  o'clock  this  morning.  The  copies  of  it  to  go  to  Congress 
had  also  been  prepared.  There  was  a  Cabinet  meeting  at  the 
President's  at  ten  o'clock,  fully  attended.  My  draft  of  a  note 
to  Vives  was  there  read  and  approved,  and  it  was  sent  to  him. 
I  had  yesterday  received  his  answer  to  my  short  note  of  Satur 
day,  saying  that  the  verbal  discussions  to  which  he  had  referred 
were  contained  in  our  respective  notes  of  the  3d  and  5th  in 
stants.  The  President  read  the  draft  of  the  message  which  he 
had  prepared,  closing  with  a  recommendation  that  Congress 
should  postpone  acting  upon  the  treaty  till  the  next  session, 
in  consideration  of  the  revolution  in  the  Spanish  Government. 
No  objection  to  this  course  was  now  made,  though  Crawford 
and  myself  concurred  in  the  opinion  that  it  was  substantially 
giving  up  the  last  chance  to  obtain  the  ratification  of  the  treaty. 
Crawford  still  thought  the  best  measure  to  be  taken  would  be 
the  immediate  occupation  of  Florida.  My  opinion  still  is,  that 
the  best  measure  would  be  that  Congress  should  authorize  the 
occupation  at  the  discretion  of  the  President,  leaving  Spain 
still  the  alternative  of  ratifying  the  treaty  during  the  summer. 
But,  as  it  is  now  apparent  that  Congress  would  neither  pass  a 


I06  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

law  for  the  immediate  occupation  nor  authorize  it  at  the  Presi 
dent's  discretion,  I  am  satisfied  that  the  course  upon  which  the 
President  has  fixed  is  the  best  now  practicable.  There  was, 
however,  an  adjournment  to  wait  for  the  arrival  of  the  mail, 
and  of  the  dispatches  from  Forsyth.  R.  S.  Hackley  arrived 
with  them,  and  brought  them  to  my  office.  Hackley  sailed 
from  Malaga  the  2/th  of  March,  and  brought  papers  from 
Madrid  of  the  2ist,  but  his  dispatches  from  Forsyth  were  of •  a 
date  no  later  than  the  loth  of  March.  The  King  had  taken 
the  oath  to  the  Constitution  of  1812  on  the  7th,  but  when 
Forsyth  wrote  there  had  been  no  change  of  the  Minister  of 
Foreign  Affairs,  and  no  official  communication  of  the  King's 
acceptance  of  the  Constitution  to  the  foreign  Ministers.  After 
wards,  and  before  Hackley  left  Spain,  the  Duke  of  San  Fernando 
had  resigned,  and  a  Mr.  Perez  de  Castro  had  been  appointed 
Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs  in  his  place.  But  there  is  no  com 
munication  of  this  event  from  Mr.  Forsyth,  nor  anything  in 
the  dispatches  from  him  which  would  require  any  alteration  in 
the  message  to  Congress.  The  Cabinet  meeting  was  resumed 
at  two  o'clock,  and  the  dispatches  were  then  read  and  con 
sidered.  They  confirmed  so  fully  the  fact  of  the  revolution  in 
Spain  as  to  leave  no  possible  doubt  of  the  propriety  of  refer 
ring  to  it  as  the  motive  for  recommending  to  Congress  a  post 
ponement  of  proceedings  upon  the  subject.  The  message  is  to 
go  to-morrow.  Mr.  Clay,  the  Speaker  of  the  House,  this  day 
gave  notice  that  he  should  on  Wednesday  call  up  the  resolu 
tions  offered  by  him  some  time  since,  one  of  which  was  for 
making  an  appropriation  by  law  for  a  Minister  or  Ministers  to 
be  sent  to  South  America. 

9th.  The  message  to  Congress,  with  copies  of  the  corre 
spondence  between  me  and  General  Vives,  was  this  morning 
sent  in.  The  President  called  at  my  office.  After  the  message 
was  sent  in,  I  received  from  General  Vives  a  short  reply  to  my 
note  of  yesterday's  date.  I  received  a  note  from  the  President 
mentioning  that  he  had  just  been  informed  by  Governor  Lloyd, 
one  of  the  Senators  from  Maryland,  that  A.  Gallatin's  letter  of 
1 5th  February  had  been  communicated  to  Congress  with  the 
documents  this  morning,  and  that  as  it  makes  a  case  bearing 


i82o.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  IO- 

hard  upon  the  individual,  it  may  be  so  considered  by  our 
friends  and  others.  It  seemed  also  to  intimate  that  he  did  not 
intend  that  this  paper  should  have  been  sent  in  with  the  rest. 
He  had,  however,  assented  some  days  since  that  it  should  be 
sent,  and  never  since  expressed  a  change  of  opinion  or  hesita 
tion  concerning  it.  He  desires  me  to  see  Vives,  inform  him 
that  Gallatin's  letter  was  sent  to  Congress,  and  offer  him  an 
opportunity  to  make  any  remark  upon  it  that  he  shall  think 
proper,  with  a  promise  of  communicating  it  in  like  manner  to 
Congress.  I  told  the  servant  who  brought  the  note  to  tell  the 
President  I  would  pay  immediate  attention  to  it.  Vives  was 
here,  and  I  immediately  mentioned  the  subject  to  him.  I  told 
him  the  substance  of  Gallatin's  letter,  and  explained  to  him  the 
necessity  there  had  been  of  communicating  it  to  Congress, 
adding  that  any  remarks  upon  it  which  he  would  address  to 
me  should  also  be  communicated  to  that  body.  He  thanked 
me  for  the  offer,  and  said  he  would  prefer  waiting  till  the  docu 
ments  should  be  published  before  he  would  reply ;  that  he 
never  had  said  either  to  Baron  Pasquier  or  to  Mr.  Gallatin 
that  he  was  authorized  in  any  event  to  give  us  possession  of 
Florida  without  waiting  for  the  ratification  of  the  treaty.  It 
appeared  to  him  an  absurdity  to  suppose  that,  even  if  he  had 
possessed  the  power,  he  should  have  disclosed  it  to  Mr.  Gal 
latin  the  only  time  that  he  had  ever  seen  him,  which  was  at 
dinner  at  Baron  Pasquier's.  He  then  related  the  conversation 
which  had  passed  between  them,  agreeing  precisely  with  the 
statement  of  it  by  Gallatin  in  every  particular  excepting  that. 
Vives  manifested  no  dissatisfaction  at  the  communication  of 
the  document  to  Congress,  but  the  French  Minister,  Hyde  de 
Neuville,  showed  some  uneasiness  at  it.  I  reminded  him,  good- 
humoredly,  that  the  message  he  had  brought  me  from  Vives, 
on  his  being  informed  of  this  letter  of  Gallatin's,  had  been, 
"  Print  whatever  you  please."  That,  he  said,  was  true  ;  but  then 
this  paper  implicated  also  the  accuracy  of  Baron  Pasquier,  and 
he  (De  Neuville)  was  sure  Vives  never  had  said  what  Pasquier 
and  Gallatin  had  understood  him  to  say.  It  had  all  been  some 
officious  and  unfounded  exposition  of  Fernan  Nunez.  But 
Pasquier  did  not  like  to  have  these  extra-official  and,  in  some 


I0g  MEMOIRS  OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

sort,  confidential  letters  or  conversations  brought  before  the 
public.  In  one  of  his  first  letters  to  him  (De  Neuville)  he 
had  observed  that  such  a  practice  precluded  confidential  inter 
course.  I  replied  that  this  sort  of  publicity  arose  from  the 
nature  of  our  Constitution,  in  which  negotiation  with  foreign 
powers  was  entrusted  to  the  Executive,  but  war  could  be  de 
clared  only  by  the  legislature.  Whenever  the  relations  with 
a  foreign  power  are  in  such  a  state  that  action  must  be  sub 
stituted  for  negotiation,  the  whole  case  must  be  laid  before 
Congress.  They  must  know  everything,  and  nothing  can  be 
communicated  to  them  without  being  made  known  to  the 
public.  In  the  present  case,  if  Mr.  Gallatin's  letter  had  been 
withheld,  and  it  should  hereafter  have  been  discovered  that  it 
existed,  it  would  have  recoiled  upon  the  Executive,  in  charges 
of  having  suppressed  material  evidence  in  its  possession.  I 
told  Vives  that  the  President  had  recommended  to  Congress 
to  postpone  acting  till  the  next  session ;  with  which  he  ap 
peared  to  be  satisfied.  R.  S.  Hackley  was  at  our  party,  and 
gave  me  some  further  details  of  the  revolution  in  Spain. 

loth.  Mr.  Clay  called  up  this  day  his  proposed  resolution, 
that  it  will  be  proper  to  make  an  appropriation  by  law  for  one 
or  more  Ministers  who  may  be  appointed  by  the  President,  by 
and  with  the  advice  and  consent  of  the  Senate,  to  the  Govern 
ments  of  South  America.  He  supported  this  resolution  by  a 
speech,  and,  after  a  feeble  opposition  by  Sergeant  and  Lowndes, 
it  was  reported  by  the  committee  of  the  whole  to  the  House,  and 
there  adopted  by  yeas  and  nays,  eighty  to  seventy-five,  much  to 
his  own  surprise  and  to  that  of  almost  everybody  else.  Various 
causes  contributed  to  this  result,  among  which  the  most  power 
ful  was  the  failure  of  the  negotiation  with  Spain,  and  the  papers 
yesterday  communicated.  It  is  generally  considered,  and  par 
ticularly  by  him,  as  a  victory  obtained  against  the  Administra 
tion,  or  rather,  as  it  undoubtedly  is,  a  party  triumph  over  the 
Secretary  of  State ;  for  the  policy  of  the  Administration  with 
regard  to  Spain  and  South  America  is  now  universally  imputed 
to  me  alone,  precisely  because  it  has  been  unsuccessful.  To  me 
its  general  character  is  perhaps  justly  ascribed;  but  its  failure 
is  owing,  first,  to  the  treachery  of  Spain ;  secondly,  to  the  pro- 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  lOg 

posal  made  two  years  ago  to  Great  Britain  for  a  joint  acknowl 
edgment  of  Buenos  Ayres  ;  thirdly,  to  the  strong  leaning  in 
the  President's  messages  to  Congress  in  favor  of  the  South 
Americans;  fourthly,  to  the  omission  to  issue  a  proclamation 
last  summer  against  Long's  expedition  into  Texas  ;  fifthly,  to 
the  appointment  of  Bland  as  United  States  District  Judge  in 
Maryland.  None  of  these  measures  have  been  mine,  nor  have 
they  been  congenial  to  the  rest  of  the  system.  They  have  been 
compliances  with  the  popular  sentiment  in  favor  of  the  South 
Americans — compliances,  perhaps  politic,  to  counteract  the 
invidious  misrepresentations  of  Clay  and  his  partisans,  of  the 
President's  partiality  against  the  revolutionists ;  but  suited  to 
give  Spain  the  pretext  which  she  has  seized,  and  having  in  fact 
given  it.  Whether  the  policy  which  I  should  have  pursued 
would  have  been  more  successful,  I  have  not  confidence  enough 
either  in  myself  or  in  fortune  to  pronounce.  "  It  is  not  in  man 
that  walketh  to  direct  his  steps."  I  believe  it  would  have 
secured  the  ratification  of  the  treaty;  and  that  would  have  been 
a  splendid  success  to  the  President  and  his  Administration.  I 
saw,  however,  enough  of  cabalistic  operation  at  the  time  when 
the  treaty  was  signed,  and  see  enough  of  it  now,  to  know  that 
in  that  event  two  sets  of  arguments  would  have  prevailed:  one, 
that  the  treaty  was  a  bad  one — which  is  Clay's;  the  other,  that 
the  treaty  was  good,  and  generally  creditable  to  the  Admin 
istration.  My  share  in  it  would  have  been  veiled.  The  run 
of  luck  is  now  in  favor  of  Clay,  but  he  yet  dreads  the  ratifica 
tion  of  the  treaty ;  and  among  his  motives  for  bringing  up  his 
resolution  of  this  day  was  that  of  renewing  the  alarm  of  Spain, 
and  thereby  preventing  again  the  ratification  by  her.  Clay 
treats  me  as  Paul  Jones  charged  Landais  with  treating  him. 
While  the  Bonhomme  Richard  and  the  Serapis  were  grappled 
together  yard-arm  and  yard-arm  in  the  deadly  heat  of  the 
battle,  Landais  brought  up  the  Alliance  to  bear  crosswise  upon 
both,  and,  pouring  her  broadsides  in  upon  friend  and  foe  indis 
criminately,  raked  them  both  fore  and  aft  at  once,  and  did  as 
much  damage  to  his  own  associate  as  to  the  enemy.  Military 
and  political  rivalry  produce  the  same  effects,  and  a  General 
must  win  his  battles  and  a  Statesman  carry  his  policy  against 


IIO  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

the  adversaries  in  their  own  quarters,  no  less  than  against  those 
in  the  camp  or  cabinet  of  their  opponents. 

Clay  this  day  gave  notice  that  it  was  his  intention  shortly  to 
retire  from  public  life,  and  he  has  publicly  notified  the  people 
of  his  district  that  he  shall  not  offer  himself  as  a  candidate  for 
Congress  at  the  next  election,  in  August.  This  is  owing  to  the 
embarrassed  state  of  his  private  affairs,  which  makes  it  neces 
sary  for  him  to  return  to  the  practice  of  the  bar. 

I  received  this  morning  a  note  from  D.  Brent,  saying  that  the 
President  wished  to  have  Mr.  Gallatin's  letter  of  I5th  February 
withdrawn  from  the  documents  communicated  to  Congress  with 
the  message.  I  called,  therefore,  at  the  President's  and  informed 
him  of  what  had  passed  between  me  and  Vives  last  evening  on 
the  subject.  It  was  apparent  that  some  one  besides  Governor 
Lloyd  had  been  starting  objections  against  the  appearance  of 
this  paper.  I  presume  it  to  be  Crawford.  For  the  President 
knew  that  Vives  had  produced  to  De  Neuville  his  minutes  of 
the  conversation  with  Gallatin,  containing  no  trace  of  the  ad 
mission  that  he  was  authorized  to  give  us  possession  of  Florida 
without  the  ratification.  If  it  is  Crawford,  he  probably  thinks 
that  Gallatin  will  finally  be  found  to  have  misunderstood  Vives, 
and  will  lose  character  by  it  for  accuracy;  that  he  will  then  be 
offended  at  the  publication  of  his  letter,  and  believe  it  was  done 
purposely  to  expose  him ;  that  if  his  letter  could  now  be  with 
drawn  it  would  have  the  appearance  of  having  been  sent  in  by 
me  against  the  President's  intention,  fix  Gallatin's  resentment 
pointedly  upon  me,  and  impress  him  at  once  with  an  opinion 
of  Crawford's  influence  in  obtaining  the  withdrawal  of  the 
paper,  and  of  his  personal  friendliness  to  Gallatin  in  opposition 
to  me.  These  are  only  suspicions  ;  but  they  may  be  unfounded. 
The  suspicion  that  I  had  a  thought  unfriendly  to  Gallatin  in 
sending  his  letter  with  the  other  papers  to  Congress  would 
be  totally  unfounded.  I  thought  it  indispensable  to  make  the 
case  for  Congress  to  consider,  and  did  not  believe  that  Gallatin 
had  misunderstood  Vives.  Perhaps  I  ought  to  have  thought 
of  this  possible  effect  upon  Gallatin's  reputation,  of  the  appear 
ance  of  the  document,  and  to  have  withheld  it.  Now,  however, 
to  withdraw  it  would  only  be  giving  it  more  eclat,  and  could 


1 8 20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE,  In 

have  no  good  effect  whatever.  The  President  was  satisfied  upon 
hearing  that  Vives  had  agreed  to  reply  on  the  publication  of 
the  papers.  I  received  this  day  a  note  from  Vives,  officially 
communicating  the  King's  having  sworn  to  the  Constitution 
of  1812,  and  enclosing  a  printed  copy  of  his  proclamation  to 
the  nation  of  the  I2th  of  March  last. 

iith.  Mr.  Hyde  de  Neuville  called  at  my  house  to  inform 
me  that  he  should  now  shortly  take  passage  in  the  French 
frigate  lying  at  Annapolis  for  France,  upon  leave  of  absence, 
expecting  to  return  to  this  country  for  the  commencement  of 
the  next  session  of  Congress ;  and,  referring  to  the  resolution 
which  passed  yesterday  in  the  House  of  Representatives,  on 
the  motion  of  Mr.  Clay,,  told  me  that  he  should  be  glad  to 
know  what  would  be  the  views  of  this  Government  on  the  sub 
ject.  I  told  him  that  the  vote  of  yesterday  was  undoubtedly  the 
result  of  the  communication  made  to  Congress  the  day  before; 
that  Spain  must  thank  herself  for  it;  that  the  President  in 
tended  no  change  of  policy  with  regard  to  South  America  for 
the  present,  but  that  the  time  when  the  acknowledgment  of  the 
independence  of  some  of  the  South  American  provinces  would 
be  proper  was  obviously  fast  approaching,  and  since  the  change 
in  the  Spanish  Government  I  had  no  doubt  it  would  soon  be 
countenanced  by  the  other  European  powers,  and  even  by 
France  herself.  I  received  this  day  the  note  from  General 
Vives  denying  that  he  had  said  to  Baron  Pasquier  or  Mr.  Gal- 
latin  that  he  was  authorized  to  give  us  possession  of  Florida 
without  waiting  for  the  ratification  of  the  treaty.  De  Neuville 
mentioned  this  subject  also,  and  admitted  that  the  communica 
tion  of  Gallatin's  letter  to  Congress  could  not  well  have  been 
avoided. 

1 2th.  Mr.  Jonathan  Roberts,  one  of  the  Senators  from  Penn 
sylvania,  came  and  spent  a  couple  of  hours  of  this  evening  with 
me.  Roberts  was  bred  to  a  mechanical  profession,  and  is  one 
of  those  men  who,  by  their  talents,  and  by  the  prevalence  of 
democracy  in  Pennsylvania,  have  risen  to  the  high  distinction 
of  his  present  station.  Roberts  has  been  nine  or  ten  years  a 
member  of  the  Senate,  and  possessed  a  considerable  share  of 
influence  in  that  body.  "  Par  negotiis  nee  supra."  But  no 


H2  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

popularity  lives  long  in  a  democracy.  The  affections  of  the 
multitude  clog  upon  satiety  and  are  ever  bent  upon  change. 
Roberts's  Senatorial  term  of  service  expires  with  the  next  ses 
sion  of  Congress,  and  it  is  said  there  is  no  prospect  of  his  being 
re-elected.  Pennsylvania  has  been  for  about  twenty  years 
governed  by  two  newspapers  in  succession :  one,  the  Aurora, 
edited  by  Duane,  an  Irishman,  and  the  other,  the  Democratic 
Press,  edited  by  John  Binns,  an  Englishman.  Duane  had 
been  expelled  from  British  India  for  sedition,  and  Binns  had 
been  tried  in  England  for  high  treason.  They  are  both  men 
of  considerable  talents  and  profligate  principles,  always  for  sale 
to  the  highest  bidder,  and  always  insupportable  burdens,  by 
their  insatiable  rapacity,  to  the  parties  they  support.  With  the 
triumph  of  Jefferson,  in  1801,  Duane,  who  had  contributed  to 
it,  came  in  for  his  share,  and  more  than  his  share,  of  emolu 
ment  and  patronage.  With  his  printing  establishment  at  Phila 
delphia  he  connected  one  in  this  city ;  obtained  by  extortion 
almost  the  whole  of  the  public  printing,  but,  being  prodigal  and 
reckless,  never  could  emerge  from  poverty,  and,  always  wanting 
more,  soon  encroached  upon  the  powers  of  indulgence  to  his 
cravings  which  the  heads  of  Departments  possessed,  and  quar 
relled  both  with  Mr.  Madison  and  Mr.  Gallatin  for  staying  his 
hand  from  public  plunder.  In  Pennsylvania,  too,  he  contributed 
to  bring  in  McKean,  and  then  labored  for  years  to  run  him 
down — contributed  to  bring  in  Snyder,  and  soon  turned  against 
him.  Binns  in  the  mean  time  had  come,  after  his  trial,  as  a 
fugitive  from  England,  and  had  commenced  editor  of  a  news 
paper.  Duane  had  been  made  by  Mr.  Madison  a  Colonel  in 
the  army;  and  as  Gibbon,  the  Captain  of  Hampshire  Militia, 
says  he  was  useful  to  Gibbon,  the  historian  of  the  Roman  Em 
pire,  so  Duane,  the  Colonel,  was  a  useful  auxiliary  to  Duane, 
the  printer,  for  fleecing  the  public  by  palming  upon  the  army, 
at  extravagant  prices,  a  worthless  compilation  upon  military 
discipline  that  he  had  published.  But  before  the  war  with  Eng 
land  was  half  over,  Duane  had  so  disgusted  the  army  and  dis 
graced  himself  that  he  was  obliged  to  resign  his  commission, 
and  has  been  these  seven  years  a  public  defaulter  in  his  ac 
counts,  to  the  amount  of  between  four  and  five  thousand  dol- 


i820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  n^ 

lars,  for  which  he  is  now  under  prosecution.  Snyder,  assailed 
by  Duane,  was  defended  by  Binns,  who  turned  the  battery 
against  him,  and  finally  ran  down  the  Aurora,  so  that  it  lost 
all  influence  upon  public  affairs.  In  1817  Snyder's  constitu 
tional  term  of  service  expired.  There  was  an  election,  furi 
ously  contested,  for  his  successor.  Binns  supported  Findlay, 
who  succeeded.  Duane's  candidate  was  Heister,  and  the  federal 
party  generally  united  in  his  favor.  For  Binns  had  acquired 
and  exercised  an  ascendency  over  Snyder  as  obnoxious  as  that 
of  Duane  had  been,  and  it  was  supposed  he  would  have  a  con 
trol  equally  odious  over  Findlay.  This  did  not,  however,  so 
turn  out;  but  for  resisting  Binns's  attempts  to  exercise  it  Find- 
lay  soon  lost  his  support,  and  for  these  two  years  Binns  has 
been  making  the  most  violent  exertions  to  overthrow  him. 
The  election  is  to  come  on  next  September.  Binns's  project 
first  was  to  bring  in  Snyder  again,  but,  that  being  disappointed 
by  Snyder's  death  last  November,  he  made  a  feeble  attempt  to 
bring  forward  the  name  of  Roberts.  Duane  and  his  party, 
however,  adhere  to  Heister,  and  Binns,  who  overstrained  his 
energies  by  an  abortive  attempt  to  get  Findlay  impeached  at 
the  last  session  of  the  Pennsylvania  Legislature,  has  lost  him 
self  and  all  prospect  of  influence  upon  the  election.  Roberts, 
who,  while  the  enquiry  into  Findlay's  conduct  was  before  the 
Legislature,  spoke  doubtfully  of  its  result  and  rather  unfavor 
ably  of  Findlay,  now  told  me  without  hesitation  that  Binns  had 
ruined  himself,  and  that  he  (Roberts)  had  most  earnestly  dis 
suaded  him  from  attempting  the  impeachment,  from  the  full 
conviction  that  such  would  be  the  result.  Roberts  himself  ap 
parently  feels  the  weakness  of  his  hold  upon  public  employ 
ment,  and  has  expectancies  from  the  Executive  of  the  United 
States.  The  President  has  a  great  regard  for  him,  and,  I  have 
no  doubt,  will  remember  him  in  due  time. 

1 3th.  I  had  this  day  a  visit  at  my  office  from  Mr.  Manuel 
Torres,  the  Charge  d'Affaires  from  the  new  republic  of  Colom 
bia.  Mr.  Zea,  one  of  the  Vice-Presidents  of  the  republic,  had 
been  appointed  on  a  mission  to  the  United  States  and  to  Europe. 
He  had  proceeded  on  his  way  as  far  as  the  island  of  St.  Thomas, 
where  Torres  said  Commodore  Morris  had  seen  him,  and  he 

VOL.  V. — 8 


H4  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QU1NCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

expressed  his  surprise  that  Morris  had  not  brought  him  dis 
patches  from  Zea.  It  was  now  reported  in  the  newspapers  that 
Zea,  instead  of  coming  to  the  United  States,  had  gone  back  to 
Angostura — which  he  could  scarcely  believe;  because  in  that 
case  Zea  would  certainly  have  written  to  him  and  given  him 
notice  of  the  change;  for  in  the  event  of  Zea's  not  coming  here 
he  himself  was  instructed  to  make  to  the  Government  of  the 
United  States  the  proposals  with  which  Zea  was  charged.  If 
Zea  had  really  returned,  he  was  sure  there  had  been  some 
intriguing  on  the  part  of  the  English  to  prevent  his  having 
communication  with  Commodore  Morris  and  to  avert  Zea  from 
coming  here.  He  should  wait,  therefore,  a  reasonable  time  to 
ascertain  whether  Zea  had  gone  back,  and,  if  so,  should  address 
the  proposals  to  me.  The  first  of  them  would  be  the  recog 
nition  of  the  republic  of  Colombia.  This  he  should  not  press 
unseasonably  upon  this  Government.  His  own  was  perfectly 
satisfied  with  what  has  been  done  by  us,  and  was  willing  to 
wait  our  own  time  for  the  measure;  but  the  object  of  his  Gov 
ernment  was  the  total  emancipation  of  all  South  America. 
There  was  a  mutual  understanding  upon  the  subject  between 
his  Government  and  those  of  Buenos  Ayres  and  of  Chili.  The 
late  revolution  in  Spain  would  produce  no  change  in  their  de 
termination  to  maintain  their  independence.  The  Cortes  might 
pursue  what  course  they  should  think  proper.  But  the  only 
course  in  which  South  America  would  acquiesce  would  be  that 
of  their  complete  independence,  and  this  must  include  Mexico 
and  Peru.  The  movements  upon  Peru,  of  Bolivar,  San  Martin, 
and  O'Higgins,  from  New  Granada,  Buenos  Ayres,  and  Chili, 
were  all  concerted  together,  and  they  were  agreed  that  no 
terms  could  be  made  with  Spain  till  Peru  and  Mexico  should 
be  liberated.  At  Angostura  it  had  even  been  determined,  since 
the  revolution  in  Spain  has  been  known,  that  if  he  should  ask 
for  an  armistice,  as  was  expected,  it  would  not  be  granted  unless 
upon  the  express  condition  of  his  immediately  evacuating  the 
country  with  his  troops.  It  was  impossible  that  they  should 
agree  to  any  terms  of  dependence  upon  Spain.  The  Spanish 
Constitution  of  1812  had  cut  off  from  all  the  rights  of  citizens 
every  individual  of  African  origin,  however  remote.  This 


i820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  Ir^ 

alone  would  make  all  compromise  impossible  with  South 
America,  where  a  very  large  proportion  of  those  who  had 
fought  the  battles  of  independence  were  of  this  description. 
He  gave  me  a  newspaper,  the  Correo  del  Orinoco,  containing 
an  article  which  he  told  me  was  official,  written  by  Dr.  Roscio, 
and  expressing  all  these  opinions  as  to  the  effect  of  the  revolu 
tion  in  Spain  upon  South  American  affairs.  But,  he  said,  the 
views  of  his  Government  extended  further.  They  were  jealous 
of  the  European  alliance;  they  were,  above  all,  jealous  and 
fearful  of  Great  Britain.  They  were  desirous  of  combining  an 
American  system  to  embrace  this  whole  hemisphere  in  opposi 
tion  to  that  of  Europe,  and  especially  in  opposition  to  England. 
They  were  willing  and  desirous  that  the  United  States  should 
take  the  lead  in  this  system,  and  to  be  governed  entirely  by 
their  advice,  and,  as  it  would  be  an  object  with  his  Government 
to  substitute  the  use  of  the  cotton  manufactures  of  China  and 
of  India  for  those  of  England  among  the  people,  and  as  they 
had  no  shipping  or  seamen,  they  were  disposed  to  make  a 
treaty  with  us,  by  which  the  traffic  between  them  and  the 
Asiatic  regions  should  be  carried  on  exclusively  in  vessels  of 
the  United  States.  He  had  no  doubt  that  this  would  be 
resented  by  Great  Britain — probably  by  war;  but  they  ex 
pected  such  a  war  from  other  causes.  Great  Britain  had  de 
signs  upon  them  which  must  produce  a  war.  The  whole  Holy 
Alliance  had  invariably  been,  and  would  continue  to  be,  against 
them.  They  expected  that  England  would  take  and  destroy 
some  of  their  sea-port  cities — for  all  this  they  were  prepared; 
but  nothing  less  than  the  independence  of  all  South  America 
would  satisfy  them,  and  in  nothing  less  could  they  acquiesce. 

I  desired  Mr.  Torres  to  commit  to  writing  the  substance  of 
what  he  had  said  to  me,  and  promised  him  to  lay  it  before  the 
President  for  his  consideration.    I  asked  him  also  for  a  copy  of 
the  present  Constitution  of  the  republic  of  Colombia,  which  he 
promised  to  send  or  bring  me.     He  said  he  was  instructed  to 
renew  the  application  to  this  Government  for  a  supply  of  arms, 
but  added  that  he  was  obliged  to  return  immediately  to  Phila 
delphia  to  dispatch  the  Venezuelan  public  armed  vessel  which 
had    lately   arrived    there.     He    asked    me,   in   various   ways, 


H6  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

whether  he  might  say  to  his  Government  that  the  proposals 
which  he  had  now  disclosed  had  been  favorably  received  by  me. 

I  told  him  I  was  upon  such  proposals  a  subaltern;  I  could 
only  report  them  to  my  principal,  which  I  should  certainly  do. 
But,  to  be  sure  of  accuracy,  he  must  commit  them  to  writing, 
and  then  I  was  sure  the  President  would  take  them  for  serious 
deliberation. 

He  said  I  had  already  written  in  my  note  to  General  Vives 
of  the  8th  as  much  as  he  wanted  me  to  say.  I  had  there 
avowed  it  as  the  opinion  of  this  Government  that  Spain  must 
shortly  recognize  the  independence  of  South  America. 

I  replied  that  what  I  had  said  there  was  public,  and  he  and 
his  Government,  like  all  others,  might  draw  their  own  infer 
ences  from  it.  I  would  also  give  him  a  distinct  and  explicit 
answer  to  his  proposals,  when  duly  authorized  by  the  President. 
I  presume  this  visit  and  these  proposals  of  Torres  are  now 
made  in  consequence  of  the  vote  of  the  House  of  Representa 
tives  upon  Clay's  resolution. 

1 4th.  I  received  visits  to  take  leave  from  John  Sergeant,  Joel 
Abbot,  and  Joel  Crawford,  members  of  the  House  of  Repre 
sentatives,  the  two  latter  from  Georgia.  Sergeant  is  one  of  the 
ablest  and  most  distinguished  members  of  the  House.  There 
is  a  mild  and  placid  character  in  his  manners,  and  great  sim 
plicity  without  awkwardness  in  his  deportment,  exceedingly 
suited  to  acquire  influence  in  a  popular  assembly.  They  are 
the  manners  of  a  Quaker  without  their  boldness,  and  the  polish 
of  a  courtier  without  its  fawning.  His  eloquence  partakes  of 
his  temper,  which  is  always  cool  and  self-possessed.  Powerful 
in  argument,  persuasive  in  form,  it  wins  its  way  to  assent  by 
the  gentleness  of  its  approaches,  and,  as  he  never  gives  offence, 
he  is  treated  with  respect  by  all  parties.  But  he  came  into 
Congress  upon  federal  interest,  which  has  lately  lost  its  ascend 
ency  at  Philadelphia,  and  he  will  probably  not  be  elected  to  the 
next  Congress.  He  talks  even  of  resigning  his  seat  before  the 
next  session;  for,  being  in  full  and  lucrative  practice  at  the 
bar,  he  cannot  give  his  attendance  in  Congress  without  consid 
erable  sacrifice  of  his  private  interest,  and  his  attachment  to 
public  life  is  proportionally  loose  and  feeble.  In  case  of  Clay's 


1820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^j 

retirement  he  would  be  one  of  the  candidates  for  the  office  of 
Speaker,  and  the  federalists  in  Pennsylvania  have  had  thoughts 
of  proposing  him  for  Governor  of  the  State.  His  federalism 
would  in  both  cases  be  a  bar  to  his  success,  but  he  told  mj 
that  he  had  positively  refused  to  run  in  opposition  to  Findlay, 
for  which  one  motive  would  alone  have  been  decisive.  The 
opposition  against  Findlay  in  his  own  party  had  arisen  from 
transactions  in  which  Sergeant's  brother,  Secretary  to  the  Com 
monwealth,  and  appointed  by  Findlay,  had  been  concerned. 
The  attack  was  first  made  by  an  attempt  to  impeach  Sergeant, 
on  which  occasion  Findlay  had  faithfully  supported  him,  and 
he  (John  Sergeant)  would  not  make  so  ill  a  requital  to  Findlay 
for  his  kindness  to  his  brother  as  to  suffer  himself  to  be  set  up 
in  opposition  to  his  re-election.  Sergeant  had  also  heard  of 
Duane's  letters  to  Colonel  R.  M.  Johnson,  and  enquired  of  me 
concerning  them.  He  was  also  anxious  that  they  should  be 
made  public,  to  discredit  Duane. 

I  told  him,  as  I  had  told  Roberts,  that  I  could  not  make 
them  public.  The  President  also,  some  time  after  the  letters 
had  been  returned  to  Colonel  Johnson,  told  me  that  he  wished 
copies  of  them  had  been  taken.  But  Duane  has  no  character 
to  lose.  He  is  known  to  be  unprincipled,  poor,  and  for  sale. 
He  has  now  been  many  years  in  a  minority,  both  as  to  the 
Administration  of  the  General  Government  and  of  the  State  of 
Pennsylvania.  His  only  object  is  to  sell  himself  for  as  much 
as  he  can  get.  If  Mr.  Monroe  had  bought  him,  he  would  have 
been  good  for  nothing,  and  the  purchase  would  have  been  so 
odious  and  disgusting  to  the  public  that  it  would  have  injured 
the  Administration  tenfold  more  than  all  the  good  he  could 
ever  have  done.  Rejected  by  Mr.  Monroe,  various  causes  have 
concurred  to  throw  him  into  the  ranks  of  De  Witt  Clinton.  As 
merely  the  editor  of  a  newspaper,  character  is  not  necessary  to 
support  opposition.  To  prove  him  venal  and  profligate  would 
only  show  him  fit  for  the  trade  which  he  pursues,  of  dissemi 
nating  slander.  He  has  talents,  long  and  uninterrupted  expe 
rience  in  public  affairs,  much  knowledge  crammed  without 
order  or  method  into  his  head,  and  indefatigable,  unremitting 
industry.  His  great  faculty  and  power  as  a  slanderer  consists 


Ug  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

in  mixing  truth  with  falsehood  in  such  proportions  that  with 
the  ignorant,  the  malicious,  and  the  interested  the  compound 
is  so  like  truth,  "  'twill  serve  the  turn  as  well."  As  a  partisan, 
he  can  be  useful  only  to  those  whose  cause  depends  upon  the 
propagation  of  falsehood.  For  the  support  of  truth  or  correct 
principle  he  is  impotent  To  Mr.  Monroe's  Administration  he 
is  perhaps  dangerous  as  an  enemy,  but  would  be  fatal  as  a 
friend.  Sergeant  expressed  some  uneasiness  at  the  success  of 
Clay's  resolution  in  the  House  of  Representatives,  leading  to 
the  recognition  of  the  South  Americans,  and  thought  it  would 
produce  mischievous  effects.  It  is,  no  doubt,  an  indication  of 
Clay's  influence  in  the  House,  and  of  his  increasing  popularity 
in  the  nation,  as  the  great  antagonist  of  the  Administration.  It 
shows  also  to  the  world  the  weakness  of  the  Administration, 
at  least  in  the  House  of  Representatives,  and  will  affect  the 
policy  of  those  whose  propensities  are  to  desert  falling  and  fly 
to  rising  fortunes.  But  the  effect  of  the  resolution  as  to  the 
public  interest  will  not  be  considerable,  unless  it  should  finally 
deter  Spain  from  the  ratification  of  the  Florida  Treaty. 

1 5th.  Close  of  the  first  session  of  the  Sixteenth  Congress.  I 
received  this  morning  a  note  from  the  President,  addressed  to 
the  heads  of  Departments,  mentioning  his  intention  to  attend 
this  day  at  the  Capitol,  according  to  the  usual  custom,  for  the 
convenience  of  signing  the  bills,  and  inviting  the  heads  of  De 
partments  to  attend  there  with  him.  As  at  the  close  of  the  two 
sessions  of  the  last  Congress  he  only  attended  at  the  evening 
session,  I  supposed  he  intended  to  do  the  same  now,  and  went 
at  the  usual  hour  to  my  office.  I  found,  however,  on  enquiry, 
that  there  was  to  be  no  evening  session,  and  that  the  President 
had  already  gone  to  the  Capitol;  where  I  joined  him.  There  is 
at  the  new  Capitol  a  chamber  assigned  for  the  President  of  the 
United  States  and  the  President  of  the  Senate.  There  I  found 
the  President,  and  there  he  remained  till  the  session  closed. 
He  signed  thirty-four  Acts,  which  passed  in  the  course  of  the 
day.  All  the  members  of  the  Administration  occasionally 
attended,  and,  as  usual,  read  the  Acts,  to  see  that  they  were 
correctly  enrolled  before  he  signed  them.  The  President  had 
been  a  few  minutes  into  the  House,  but  did  not  remain  long. 


1 820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  JJQ 

Nothing  in  the  Constitution  precludes  the  personal  appearance 
of  the  President  of  the  United  States  in  either  House  while 
they  are  sitting,  though  it  has  very  seldom,  if  ever,  happened. 
In  the  present  instance,  no  particular  notice  was  taken  of  it, 
and  I  heard  it  mentioned  by  no  other  person  but  the  President 
himself.  I  was  perhaps  a  couple  of  hours  in  the  House,  and 
called  twice  in  at  the  Senate.  The  session  closed  very  quietly, 
and  with  more  observance  of  decorum  than  I  ever  before  wit 
nessed.  For  of  eight  sessions  the  termination  of  which  I  have 
attended,  this  was  the  first  that  has  closed  before  dinner.  Mr. 
Hyde  de  Neuville,  the  French  Minister,  was  there,  much  fretted 
at  the  passage  of  a  bill  for  levying  a  tonnage  duty  of  eighteen 
dollars  a  ton  upon  French  vessels,  to  commence  the  ist  of 
July  next.  It  is  merely  a  countervailing  duty  to  balance  dis 
criminating  duties  in  France  upon  the  same  articles  as  imported 
in  French  or  American  vessels.  It  passes  on  the  earnest  recom 
mendation  of  Mr.  Gallatin,  after  a  neglect  of  three  years  by  the 
French  Government  of  our  repeated  proposals  to  negotiate  a 
commercial  treaty,  and  after  full  warning  given  by  Gallatin, 
that  if  they  did  not  come  to  some  arrangement  with  us,  counter 
vailing  measures  would  be  taken  at  the  present  session  of  Con 
gress.  This  bill  has  been  before  Congress  half  the  session,  and 
De  Neuville  had  never  mentioned  it  to  me.  He  probably  had 
flattered  himself  that  it  would  not  pass.  Now,  after  it  had 
passed  both  Houses,  he  was  in  great  agitation  about  it,  and 
entreated  me  to  ask  the  President  to  object  to  its  passage,  at 
least  to  postpone  its  commencement  till  the  ist  of  October. 
He  said  the  ist  of  July  was  only  six  weeks  off,  and  would  not 
even  give  the  French  merchants  notice  of  what  was  awaiting 
them.  He  said  several  members  of  Congress  to  whom  he 
had  spoken  of  it  had  told  him  they  were  sorry  it  was  made  to 
commence  so  soon,  and  would  readily  postpone  the  day.  I 
told  him  it  was  now  too  late  to  make  the  amendment.  I  men 
tioned,  however,  his  request  to  the  President,  who  said  it  could 
not  be  complied  with. 

i6th.  D.  P.  Cook  called  upon  me  this  morning  at  my  house, 
and  took  leave  on  his  departure  to  return  home.  He  is  under 
some  irritation  at  the  perseverance  in  nominating  so  worthless  a 


I2Q  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

character  as  Fowke,  whose  only  earthly  use,  he  says,  is  that  of 
an  electioneering  partisan.  I  told  Cook  what  my  situation  had 
been,  and  what  it  now  is,  as  a  member  of  the  Administration ; 
how  I  had  felt  it  always  my  duty  to  act  towards  Crawford,  and 
that  I  knew  of  nothing  in  Crawford's  conduct  towards  me  of 
which  I  could  complain.  He  said  he  knew  that  Crawford  had 
not  shown  the  same  delicacy  in  regard  to  me  as  I  had  used 
concerning  him  ;  but  he  did  not  explain  what  he  meant,  and  I 
made  no  enquiry  for  particulars.  At  the  office,  Mr.  Newton, 
the  member  from  Virginia,  and  Mr.  Clay  successively  called 
and  took  leave.  I  received  a  letter  from  Mr.  Torres,  containing 
a  statement  of  the  views  of  the  South  Americans  subsequent 
to  the  revolution  in  Spain.  It  asserts  their  determination  to 
have  no  connection  with  Spain,  under  whatever  change  of  her 
Government,  upon  any  other  basis  than  the  entire  independence 
of  all  South  America,  including  Mexico  and  Peru,  but  says  not 
a  word  of  the  proposals  which  he  had  told  me  Dr.  Zea  or  he 
was  to  make  to  this  Government.  His  communication,  there 
fore,  contains  only  half  of  Bolivar's  plans;  which  is  something 
in  the  Bonaparte  style.  Torres  had  told  me  on  Saturday  that 
probably  the  project  of  the  Cortes  Government  would  be  to 
compromise  with  South  America  —  to  recognize  Colombia, 
Buenos  Ayres,  and  Chili,  but  to  retain  Mexico  and  Peru.  He 
also  said  there  had  been  communications  between  Chili,  with 
Buenos  Ayres,  and  the  revolutionary  party  in  the  Spanish 
army,  by  the  means  of  a  Colonel  of  the  regiment  of  Cantabria, 
taken  prisoner,  about  two  years  since,  in  a  Spanish  frigate  which 
was  going  with  troops  to  Lima.  This  officer  was  of  the  revo 
lutionary  party  in  the  Spanish  army,  and  had,  on  being  taken, 
immediately  offered  to  enter  the  South  American  service.  His 
project,  like  that  of  the  younger  Mina,  had  been  to  effect  the 
revolution  in  Spain  by  means  of  the  emancipation  of  South 
America.  His  offers  of  service  were  declined,  but  he  was  set 
at  liberty  and  permitted  to  return  to  Spain,  and  was  furnished 
with  letters  from  O'Higgins,  the  Director  of  Chili,  to  the  revo 
lutionary  leaders  in  the  army  of  Spain,  which  had  opened  a 
regular  communication  with  them.  The  mass  of  the  people  in 
Spain,  Torres  observed,  had  no  interest  in  the  subjugation  of 


1 820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  12\ 

South  America,  and  would  readily  agree  to  its  liberation. 
There  were  three  classes  of  people  interested  in  the  old  system, 
and  who  would  be  averse  to  renouncing  it:  I,  the  city  of 
Cadiz,  for  the  monopoly ;  2,  the  navy  and  naval  officers,  for 
the  profits  of  superintending  the  monopoly  and  guarding  the 
coasts;  and,  3,  the  office-hunters  who  were  sent  from  Spain  to 
fill  all  the  offices  in  the  Colonies.  The  rest  of  the  nation  had 
no  interest  in  the  system,  and  felt  none.  In  his  note  of  this 
day  he  says  nothing  of  the  renewed  application  for  a  supply  of 
arms. 

i /th.  N.  Edwards,  the  Senator  from  Illinois,  and  W.  Lowndes, 
member  of  the  House  of  Representatives  from  South  Carolina, 
called  this  morning  at  my  house  to  take  leave.  Edwards  spoke 
of  the  state  of  parties  and  of  public  affairs.  At  the  next  ses 
sion,  he  says,  the  great  struggle  will  come  on.  Edwards  is  first- 
cousin  to  the  Popes  of  Kentucky  and  Illinois,  and  therefore  not 
in  the  interest  of  Clay,  of  whom  John  Pope  is  the  unsuccessful 
rival  in  Kentucky.  But,  as  a  Western  man,  Edwards  feels  him 
self  to  be  rowing  against  the  general  current  of  Western  feeling, 
and  is  uneasy  under  it.  He  remarks  with  anxiety  the  ascend 
ency  which  Clay  has  been  acquiring  during  the  latter  part  of 
the  session  of  Congress,  and  seems  to  dread  that  he  will  carry 
all  before  him.  He  supposes  that  he  will  resign  his  seat  as 
Speaker,  but  not  as  member,  of  the  House ;  that  he  will  im 
mediately  engage  extensively  in  the  practice  of  the  law,  and  will 
come  next  winter  and  attend  at  the  same  time  the  session  of 
the  Supreme  Court  and  of  Congress.  He  says,  however,  that 
in  the  midst  of  his  late  success  he  has  raised  new  adversaries 
in  a  quarter  which  has  hitherto  supported  him.  His  sudden 
aim  at  the  Vice-Presidency  has  startled  Mr.  Crawford's  friends, 
who  have  hitherto  moved  in  close  harmony  with  him.  They 
are  alarmed  at  the  prospect  of  Clay's  stepping  in  between  Craw 
ford  and  his  hopes,  and  all  voted  against  his  resolution  for  the 
appropriation.  Edwards  told  me  that  he  was  personally  under 
great  obligations  to  the  President  for  befriending  him  during 
the  late  war  in  the  settlement  of  some  accounts  with  the  War 
Department,  in  a  case  upon  which  Armstrong  was  bent  upon 
his  ruin,  and  but  for  Mr.  Monroe  might  have  accomplished  it; 


122  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

but  that  he  might  be  under  the  necessity  of  opposing  some  of 
his  measures.  This  would  not  affect  his  attachment  to  the 
President,  and  he  should  continue  to  hold  his  seat  in  the  Sen 
ate,  with  the  view  to  support  his  Administration,  which  will 
stand  in  need  of  friends.  He  had  intended  to  have  resigned, 
and  to  have  made  way  for  one  of  his  own  friends  to  take  his 
place.  But,  as  he  now  saw  troublous  times  coming,  he  should 
hold  on  and  take  his  share  in  them. 

Lowndes's  visit  was  short,  and  he  said  little  upon  political 
subjects.  Like  every  one  else,  he  thought  the  next  session 
would  be  one  of  excitement  and  agitation,  but  that  all  party 
movements  would  be  of  a  sectional  character.  The  tariff,  or, 
properly,  the  attempt  of  the  manufacturing  interest  to  lay  .the 
agricultural  and  commercial  interests  under  contribution,  will 
be  one  of  the  principal  subjects  of  debate.  This  system  was 
carried  at  the  late  session  in  the  House  of  Representatives,  and 
failed  only  by  a  majority  of  one  vote  in  the  Senate.  Lowndes 
said  it  would  succeed  at  the  next  session,  unless  there  should 
be  a  union  of  the  Northern  and  Southern  Representatives 
against  it. 

Mr.  Thompson,  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  called.  He  goes 
for  New  York  to-morrow.  He  came  to  consult  me  as  to  the 
mode  of  naming  the  line-of-battle  ship  now  about  to  be 
launched  at  New  York.  A  resolution  of  Congress  at  last 
year's  session  prescribed  that  in  future  the  public  vessels  of 
the  Union  should  be  named  according  to  their  rates — the 
first  from  the  States,  the  frigates  from  cities,  and  the  smaller 
vessels  from  rivers.  The  question  is,  in  what  order  they  should 
be  named.  Thompson  said  he  thought  the  best  way  would  be 
to  begin  as  the  old  Confederation  always  did — reckoning  from 
north  to  south,  from  New  Hampshire  to  Georgia,  and  then  to 
take  the  additional  States  in  the  order  of  their  admission  to  the 
Union.  Another  way  would  be  to  begin  by  naming  the  ships 
after  the  States  in  which  they  are  respectively  built ;  and  the 
people  at  New  York  and  Boston,  where  two  ships  were  shortly 
to  be  launched,  expected  that  they  would  bear  the  names  of 
New  York  and  Massachusetts.  This,  however,  might  be  liable 
to  a  charge  of  partiality.  A  third  way  was  by  lot;  which  he 


1 320.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  I2$ 

did  not  like,  because  the  lot  might  cast  the  first  names  upon 
inland  States,  which  would  be  an  incongruity,  as  a  preference 
to  the  maritime  States.  I  told  him  I  thought  the  only  way  of 
which  none  could  complain  would  be  to  draw  lots.  In  that 
there  would  be  neither  prejudice  nor  partiality.  We  should 
have  all  the  Western  mountains  upon  our  backs  if  we  should 
take  the  old  thirteen  States  in  precedence  to  them,  and,  indeed, 
it  would  take  from  them  all  prospect  of  floating  in  panoply 
upon  the  ocean,  perhaps  for  a  century,  which  would  hardly  be 
just.  If  the  first  lots  should  fall  upon  Western  States,  so  much 
the  better.  It  would  interest  their  pride  in  the  support  of  the 
navy.  The  maritime  States  will  always  have  interest  enough 
in  it.  So  it  was  concluded  that  the  designation  of  the  names 
should  be  by  lot. 

Mr.  De  Neuville,  the  French  Minister,  came  to  speak  of  the 
time  when  it  would  suit  the  President  to  give  him  an  audi 
ence  to  take  leave.  He  proposed  Saturday  or  Monday  next. 
He  also  told  me  that  he  should  send  me  a  note  upon  the  late 
Act  of  Congress  laying  a  new  tonnage  duty  upon  French  ves 
sels.  He  thought  Mr.  Gallatin  had  been  hasty  in  his  recom 
mendation  of  this  measure.  The  tonnage  duty  upon  American 
vessels  in  France  was  rather  lower  than  that  of  French  vessels 
in  the  United  States.  Their  discriminating  duties  upon  articles 
imported  in  American  vessels  were  barely  sufficient  to  give 
France  an  equal  portion  of  carriage  of  the  trade  between  the 
two  countries.  It  had,  indeed,  not  yet  produced  that  effect : 
the  number  of  American  vessels  which  went  to  France  last 
year  was  much  greater  than  that  of  the  French  vessels  which 
came  into  the  ports  of  this  Union.  As  to  adopting  the  system 
of  equalizing  duties,  according  to  the  Convention  between  the 
United  States  and  Great  Britain,  France  could  not  do  that, 
because  the  result  would  be  to  throw  the  whole  trade  into 
our  shipping.  The  French  knew  very  well  that  we  had  the 
advantage  of  them  as  navigators.  It  was,  therefore,  only  a 
nominal  reciprocity,  to  place  the  duties  upon  an  equal  footing 
in  the  two  countries.  We  must  look  to  results.  Even  with 
the  difference  of  duties,  as  they  have  been  in  France,  their 
shipping  could  not  stand  the  competition  with  ours.  The  loss 


MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

of  their  sailors,  to  which  they  were  constantly  exposed,  was  so 
great  that  many  of  their  vessels  were  detained  at  heavy  charges 
for  want  of  men  to  navigate  them.  When  once  the  balance 
should  be  restored,  so  that  the  number  of  French  and  Ameri 
can  vessels  engaged  in  the  trade  should  be  nearly  equal, 
France  would  very  readily  enter  into  any  commercial  arrange 
ment  to  keep  them  so.  There  was  also  the  privilege  which 
France  claimed  in  the  ports  of  Louisiana  by  the  eighth  article 
of  that  treaty,  upon  which  I  had  left  his  last  note  unanswered. 

I  told  him  that  the  principle  of  reciprocity  offered  by  our 
Act  was  evidently  fair  in  itself,  and  Great  Britain,  the  most 
tenacious  and  selfish  of  commercial  nations,  had  assented  to  it ; 
that  this  was  all  that  could  be  offered  by  the  law,  but  our  object 
was  amicable  arrangement.  If  France  would  treat,  we  should 
readily  consider  any  proposal  which  she  might  offer  to  secure 
a  real  reciprocity,  but  we  could  not  wait  for  the  full  effect  of  the 
unequal  regulations  of  France  to  take  precautionary  measures 
against  them.  Mr.  Gallatin  had  powers  to  conclude  a  treaty 
of  commerce,  and  I  hoped  the  French  Government  would 
agree  to  treat  with  him.  I  called  at  the  President's,  and  re 
ported  to  him  the  substance  of  this  conversation. 

1 8th.  The  session  of  Congress  being  closed,  it  became  neces 
sary  immediately  to  fix  upon  the  course  to  be  pursued  with 
regard  to  our  affairs  with  Spain.  I  made  a  draft  of  a  note  to 
General  Vives,  informing  him  of  the  result  of  the  communica 
tion  to  Congress  of  our  correspondence,  expressing  the  desire 
of  this  Government  to  be  upon  friendly  terms  with  that  of  Spain, 
particularly  since  the  change  which  had  introduced  the  princi 
ples  of  liberty  there,  and  requesting  to  be  informed  as  soon  as 
possible  of  the  determination  of  his  Government  concerning  the 
relations  between  the  two  countries. 

The  President  approved  this  draft,  advising  the  omission  of 
one  paragraph,  which  he  thought  expressed  in  too  strong  terms 
approbation  of  the  revolution.  He  was  apprehensive  that  in 
the  event  of  a  counter-revolution  it  might  produce  an  unfavor 
able  effect. 

The  passage  was  accordingly  omitted,  and  the  note  sent  to 
Vives,  who  returned  an  answer  that  he  this  day  dispatched  a 


1 8 20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  12$ 

messenger  to  Spain,  and  would  inform  me  as  soon  as  possible 
of  the  result.  I  had  mentioned  to  the  President  that  if  he 
proposed  to  make  any  new  demand  upon  Spain  it  would  be 
necessary  to  mention  it  in  this  note  ;  but  he  gave  no  direction 
that  any  such  intimation  should  be  given. 

Among  the  Acts  passed  at  the  late  session  of  Congress  is 
one  for  taking  the  fourth  census,  by  instructions  to  the  Mar 
shals,  and  regulations  by  the  Secretary  of  State.  After  exam 
ination  of  the  Act,  I  compared  it  with  those  of  the  years  1790, 
1800,  and  1810,  for  taking  the  three  former  enumerations.  The 
first  was  not  taken  by  instructions  from  the  Secretary  of  State. 
The  second  was.  The  third,  to  which  an  emendatory  law  was 
added  requiring  an  account  to  be  taken  of  manufactures,  pro 
vided  that  the  instructions  for  taking  the  enumeration  should 
issue  from  the  Secretary  of  State,  and  those  for  taking  the 
account  of  manufactures,  from  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury. 
The  present  unites  both  objects  in  one  Act,  and  devolves  the 
whole  duty  of  giving  the  instructions  and  regulations  upon  the 
Secretary  of  State.  The  preparation  of  these  instructions  now 
requires  my  attention. 

iQth.  The  President  mentioned  to  me  that  he  wished  to  give 
a  dinner  to  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Hyde  de  Neuville  before  their  de 
parture  for  France ;  and  also  to  General  Vives  and  the  members 
of  his  Legation,  with  all  the  Diplomatic  Corps.  He  wished 
also  the  heads  of  Departments  and  their  families  to  attend;  but 
Mrs.  Monroe  has  been  some  time  very  ill,  and  will  not  be  able 
to  appear,  and  Mrs.  Hay  has  not  been  in  the  habit  of  visiting 
with  the  families  of  the  foreign  Ministers.  I  observed  to  him 
that,  as  this  was  an  occasion  of  particular  compliment  to  Mr. 
and  Mrs.  De  Neuville,  it  would  be  best  to  set  aside  all  question 
of  precedence,  and  that  it  should  be  conceded  for  the  day  to 
Mrs.  De  Neuville.  Mrs.  Adams  would  be  pleased  to  have  this 
attention  shown  to  that  lady,  and  I  supposed  the  ladies  of  the 
other  members  of  the  Administration  will  also  readily  assent 
to  it.  The  day  is  to  be  fixed  to-morrow. 

2Oth.  I  received  this  morning  a  note  from  the  President, 
addressed  to  the  heads  of  Departments,  requesting  them  to 
meet  at  his  house  at  twelve  o'clock.  I  was  surprised  to  find 


I26  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

that  the  meeting  had  been  called  to  enquire  whether,  if  the 
Florida  Treaty  should  now  be  ratified  by  Spain,  it  ought  to 
be  accepted  by  us ;  or  whether  notice  should  not  be  given  to 
Spain  that  we  have  further  demands  which  must  be  satisfied. 
My  note  to  General  Vives,  written  since  the  session  of  Congress 
closed,  and  the  answer  of  Vives,  were  read,  and  Mr.  Crawford 
asked  whether,  after  them,  it  was  not  too  late  to  advance  a  new 
demand  upon  Spain.  The  President  appeared  to  think  it  was 
not.  There  is  certainly  nothing  in  it  to  cramp  the  operations 
of  the  Senate  when  it  comes  to  be  laid  before  them.  But  the 
impression  of  all  was  that  we  were  pledged  by  what  has  passed 
to  accept  the  ratification,  if  given  immediately  upon  the  arrival 
of  the  messenger  from  Madrid,  at  least  so  far  as  to  take  the 
advice  of  the  Senate  upon  it.  I  observed  that  there  was  no 
danger  of  the  treaty's  being  put  upon  us  against  our  will.  The 
objection  henceforth  to  be  started,  instead  of  all  those  which 
have  been  advanced  hitherto,  will  be  the  want  of  power  in  the 
King  to  alienate  the  Spanish  territory.  The  treaty,  therefore, 
will  not  be  ratified,  and  the  only  effect  of  advancing  a  new  de 
mand  now  would  be  to  give  a  new  pretext  to  Spain  to  refuse  the 
ratification  and  to  deprive  us  of  the  vantage-ground  'upon  which 
we  now  stand,  of  claiming  as  of  perfect  right  all  that  it  stipu 
lates  in  our  favor.  I  further  reminded  the  President  that  before 
sending  the  last  note  to  Vives  I  had  observed  that  if  a  new 
demand  of  indemnity  was  to  be  made  of  Spain  it  must  be 
announced  in  that  note,  and  there  would  certainly  be  some 
awkwardness  now,  after  being  informed  by  him  that  he  had 
dispatched  his  messenger  immediately  after  he  had  received 
that  note,  in  writing  him  another,  to  say  that  even  if  Spain 
should  now  ratify  the  treaty  we  shall  not  be  satisfied  with  it, 
but  shall  bring  forward  further  demands. 

Mr.  Wirt  remarking  that  the  treaty,  when  signed,  had  been 
unanimously  ratified  by  the  Senate,  and,  so  far  as  the  sanction 
of  the  House  of  Representatives  could  be  taken  or  given,  ap 
proved  with  equal  unanimity  by  them — if  the  treaty  was  then 
a  good  one  last  year,  had  anything  happened  to  make  it  a  bad 
one  now? — this  brought  the  question  upon  the  treaty  itself;  and, 
although  it  was  well  understood  that  if  it  should  come  again 


i Sao.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  I2j 

before  the  Senate  there  will  be  a  strong  opposition  to  it,  the 
opinion  was  unanimous  here,  including  the  President,  that  the 
ratification  of  the  treaty,  if  given,  ought  to  be  accepted.  The 
President  then  made  some  question  concerning  the  state  .of 
our  Legation  in  Spain.  There  has  been  a  good  deal  of  dissatis 
faction  in  the  public  prints  expressed  at  the  tone  of  Forsyth's 
official  notes  in  Spain,  two  or  three  passages  of  which  were 
very  exceptionable.  The  President  himself  was  much  dis 
pleased  with  them.  Forsyth's.  situation  was  rendered  so 
uncomfortable  to  him  before  the  change  that  he  earnestly  and 
repeatedly  solicited  leave  to  return  to  the  United  States ;  and  I 
wrote  to  him  on  the  nth  of  February  giving  him  that  permis 
sion.  But,  after  the  revolution  in  Spain,  most  of  the  causes 
of  Forsyth's  wishing  to  return  were  removed,  and  it  has  be 
come  very  important  that  there  should  be  a  Minister  there.  We 
all  thought  it  probable  that  after  the  change  Forsyth  will  have 
concluded  to  stay  for  further  instructions,  even  though  he 
should  have  received  my  letter  giving  him  leave  to  return.  On 
that  supposition  I  was  directed  to  write  to  him,  stating  the  dis 
position  of  the  President  still  to  receive  the  treaty,  if  immedi 
ately  ratified  by  Spain,  but  to  discover  no  particular  earnestness 
to  obtain  the  ratification,  and  to  give  notice  that  if  it  be  longer 
delayed  we  shall  recur  to  our  former  rights  and  insist  upon 
further  indemnities.  The  dispatch,  in  case  of  Forsyth's  absence 
on  its  arrival,  is  to  be  addressed  to  T.  L.  L.  Brent  as  Charge 
d'Affaires.  The  President  gave  us  all  invitations  to  the  dinner 
next  Wednesday;  and  the  precedence  question  was  arranged 
as  I  had  proposed.  But  he  inclined  that  no  ladies  should  be 
invited,  but  that  Mrs.  Hay  should  invite  Madame  De  Neuville 
to  a  small  evening  tea-party,  and  Mrs.  Adams  to  meet  her. 
However,  on  further  reflection,  he  left  the  matter  undecided 
until  the  evening,  and  then  sent  me  word  that  the  ladies  would 
also  be  invited  to  the  dinner. 

22d.  I  called  upon  Mr.  Calhoun,  and  he  went  with  me  to 
Mr.  Thomas  Law's,  in  Prince  George's  County.  On  the  ride 
we  had  much  conversation  upon  various  topics.  I  asked  him 
whether  he  knew  what  was  the  occasion  of  the  President's 
calling  the  Cabinet  meeting  on  Saturday.  He  said  it  was  a 


I28  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

letter  that  he  had  received  from  Mr.  Jefferson,  in  which, 
though  mentioning  in  terms  of  high  commendation  the  Florida 
Treaty,  he  yet  advises  that  its  ratification  should  not  now  be 
accepted,  but  that  we  should  look  to  the  occupation  of  Texas. 
This  explains  to  me  what  had  been  utterly  unaccountable  in 
the  call  of  that  meeting  three  days  after  my  last  note  to  Vives 
and  after  the  receipt  of  his  answer.  It  reminded  me  of  O'Brien's 
shrewd  remark,  that  an  old  sea-captain  never  likes  that  his 
mate  should  make  a  better  voyage  than  himself. 

We  conversed  upon  politics  past,  present,  and  future.  Cal- 
houn's  anticipations  are  gloomy.  He  says  there  has  been 
within  these  two  years  an  immense  revolution  of  fortunes  in 
every  part  of  the  Union  ;  enormous  numbers  of  persons  utterly 
ruined;  multitudes  in  deep  distress;  and  a  general  mass  of 
disaffection  to  the  Government,  not  concentrated  in  any  par 
ticular  direction,  but  ready  to  seize  upon  any  event  and  look 
ing  out  anywhere  for  a  leader.  The  Missouri  question  and  the 
debates  on  the  tariff  were  merely  incidental  to  this  state  of 
things.  It  was  a  vague  but  wide-spread  discontent,  caused  by 
the  disordered  circumstances  of  individuals,  but  resulting  in  a 
general  impression  that  there  was  something  radically  wrong 
in  the  administration  of  the  Government.  These  observations 
are  undoubtedly  well  founded.  The  disease  is  apparent,  the 
remedy  not  discernible.  The  primary  cause"  is  that  which  has 
been  the  scourge  of  this  country  from  its  Colonial  infancy — 
speculations  in  paper  currency,  nowr  appearing  in  the  shape 
of  banks ;  the  great  multiplication,  followed  by  the  sudden 
and  severe  reduction,  of  fictitious  capital ;  then  the  great  fall 
ing  off  in  the  prices  of  all  our  principal  articles  of  exportation, 
the  competition  of  foreign  manufactures  carried  on  by  starving 
workmen,  with  ours  loaded  with  high  wages,  the  diminution 
of  commerce  and  the  carrying  trade,  and  the  accumulation 
of  debt  as  long  as  credit  could  be  strained — all  this,  with 
ambitious  and  crafty  and  disappointed  men  on  the  watch  for 
every  misfortune  and  welcoming  every  disaster,  together  with 
the  elated  hopes,  the  dazzling  promise,  and  the  mortifying 
reverses  of  the  Florida  Treaty,  accounts  too  well  for  the  loss 
of  popularity  by  the  Administration  within  the  last  year.  Yet 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  I2g 

the  dissatisfaction  is  not  general  against  the  Government.  The 
suffering  interests  have  too  much  disposition  to  turn  against 
each  other.  Their  oppositions  will  terminate  in  struggles  to 
place  their  respective  champions  in  the  next  Congress.  New 
York,  the  most  deeply  dissatisfied  State,  is  so  nearly  divided 
against  itself  that  its  opposite  disaffections  will  destroy  each 
other.  So  will  the  agricultural  and  manufacturing  parties  ;  and 
I  do  not  expect  that  the  votes  in  the  next  Congress,  upon  any 
great  point  of  internal  or  national  policy,  will  materially  differ 
from  those  of  the  present  Congress  on  the  same  questions. 
But  whatever  the  result  of  the  present  inauspicious  circum 
stances  may  be,  they  must  work  out  their  own  termination. 
Government  can  do  nothing,  at  least  nothing  by  any  measure 
yet  proposed,  but  transfer  discontents,  and  propitiate  one  class 
of  people  by  disgusting  another.  Were  it  possible  by  wishes 
or  exertions  to  devise  an  efficacious  remedy,  they  would  not 
be  wanting.  As  it  is,  the  arbiters  of  weal  and  woe,  the  healers 
and  destroyers,  Time  and  Chance,  must  bring  the  catastrophe 
or  the  cure.  As  one  of  the  agents,  I  have  but  one  formula 
suited  to  all  occasions — "  Thy  will  be  done." 

Calhoun  asked  me  some  questions  about  the  transactions  at 
Ghent,  and  the  project  said  to  have  been  formed  there,  or  im 
mediately  afterwards  at  Paris,  for  having  Mr.  Crawford  run  in 
1816  for  the  Presidency.  I  told  him  I  had  never  heard  any 
thing  of  this  either  at  Ghent  or  at  Paris ;  and  if  any  projects 
upon  the  Presidency  had  been  there  formed,  I  had  not  been 
privy  to  them.  He  said  that  Gallatin  had  been  here  in  the 
winter  of  1815—16,  and  that,  from  all  his  movements  then,  he 
appeared  to  have  two  great  objects  of  anxiety :  one,  that  Mr. 
Monroe  should  not  be  chosen  President,  and  the  other,  that  he 
(Gallatin)  should  be  the  Secretary  of  State. 

24th.  I  have  now  upon  my  hands  to  prepare  instructions  to 
H.  Middleton  as  Minister  to  Russia;  to  Forbes  as  Agent  to 
Buenos  Ayres  or  Chili ;  to  C.  S.  Todd  as  Agent  to  the  republic 
of  Colombia;  to  the  Marshals  for  taking  the  census;  dis 
patches  to  J.  Forsyth,  A.  Gallatin,  R.  Rush,  A.  H.  Everett,  and 
C.  Hughes — all  of  importance,  and  some  embracing  many  ob 
jects  of  complicated  negotiation — answers  to  Hyde  de  Neuville, 

VOL.   V. — 9 


j-^o  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

Vives,  Antrobus,  and  Stackelberg;  a  letter  to  J.  Graham,  at 
Rio  de  Janeiro ;  and  all  the  current  business  of  the  office  from 
day  to  day. 

The  census  is  one  of  the  most  urgent  objects  of  attention. 
As  two  enumerations  before  have  been  taken  under  instructions 
from  the  Secretary  of  State,  I  was  desirous  of  seeing  what  they 
had  been,  and,  to  my  great  astonishment,  discovered  that  there 
was  not  a  line  to  be  found  upon  the  subject  on  the  records 
of  the  office.  Colvin  had  told  me  that  the  proceedings  in 
this.  Department  concerning  the  last  census  in  1810  had  been 
principally  under  his  management.  I  applied  to  him,  therefore, 
for  information,  and  found  that  the  instructions  from  both  the 
Departments  of  State  and  of  the  Treasury  were  printed  in  the 
National  Intelligencer  of  1810.  On  examining  them,  I  saw 
that  they  would  be  of  some,  but  not  much,  use  to  me,  and  that 
I  must  prepare  a  set  of  instructions  entirely  new.  As  each 
census  ought  to  be  an  improvement  upon  that  last  preceding 
it,  every  important  circumstance  and  paper  relating  to  it  should 
be  recorded,  and  I  propose  that  at  least  the  proceedings  in 
the  taking  of  this  one  shall  serve  to  facilitate  as  precedents 
the  taking  of  the  next. 

25th.  At  one  o'clock  I  presented  to  the  President  Mr.  Hyde 
de  Neuville  at  a  private  audience  to  take  leave.  He  has  been 
so  earnestly  solicitous  to  go  through  this  formality  that  I  pre 
vailed  upon  the  President  to  gratify  him.  The  President  told 
him  that,  wishing  him  a  prosperous  voyage  and  a  happy  meet 
ing  with  his  friends  in  his  own  country,  he  should  see  with 
pleasure  his  return  among  us ;  that  he  had  a  great  regard  for 
France,  and  wished  well  to  the  King  and  his  royal  family ; 
that  he  recollected  with  grateful  satisfaction  the  part  which 
France  had  taken  in  aid  of  our  Revolution,  and  the  interest 
which  the  House  of  Bourbon  had  always  taken  in  favor  of 
the  United  States.  In  no  instance  before  have  I  heard  the 
President  speak  with  so  much  feeling  to  a  foreign  Minister; 
and  De  Neuville  was  proportionally  affected  by  it.  He  said  he 
should  be  peculiarly  happy  in  reporting  to'  the  King  his  master 
these  assurances,  and  well  knew  the  high  gratification  they 
would  afford  him.  The  audience  was  not  of  more  than  five 


1 8 20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  l^l 

minutes,  but  it  was  full  of  good  words,  and  will  answer  the 
principal  purpose,  as  I  suppose,  of  De  Neuville,  which  is  to 
repeat  at  his  audience  of  the  King  what  the  President  said  of 
him  and  of  the  Bourbons. 

I  had  some  conversation,  after  he  went  away,  with  the  Presi 
dent,  who  had  told  me  that  Mr.  Rush  had  given  him  to  under 
stand  in  a  private  letter  that  he  would  be  willing  to  exchange 
his  present  mission  to  London  for  that  of  St.  Petersburg.  The 
President  said  that  he  should  be  very  willing  to  accommodate 
the  wishes  of  Mr.  Rush,  but,  as  it  would  have  required  the  ap 
propriation  of  a  new  outfit,  in  the  present  temper  of  Congress 
it  would  have  been  impracticable.  He  had  been  told  that 
Mr.  Clay  had  spoken  in  disparaging  and  sneering  terms  of  the 
abilities  of  our  Ministers  abroad,  naming  particularly  Rush, 
Campbell,  Forsyth,  and  Middleton,  who  he  had  said  was  not 
the  author  of  the  report  which,  as  Chairman  of  a  committee 
of  the  House  of  Representatives,  he  had  presented  on  the 
affair  of  Amelia  Island.  Clay,  he  added,  was  perhaps  dissatis 
fied  because  Mr.  Jonathan  Russell  had  not  been  appointed  to 
Russia. 

I  said  that  might  be ;  but  Clay's  dissatisfaction  had  begun 
nearer  home  and  with  the  present  Administration.  Nothing 
under  it  could  please  him.  But  he  had  a  special  and  personal 
grudge  against  Middleton.  The  pretence  that  Middleton  did 
not  write  his  Amelia  Island  report  was  one  of  the  slanders 
of  Duane's  Aurora,  which  had  at  the  time  asserted  that  the 
President's  message,  the  report  from  the  Department  of  State, 
and  this  report  of  Middleton's  came  from  the  same  inkstand. 
Now,  as  to  the  message,  he  knew  that  was  written  by  himself; 
the  report  from  the  Department  of  State  was  written  by  me ; 
and  as  to  Middleton's  report,  the  facts  were  these.  He  had 
sent  his  first  draft  of  it  to  me,  with  a  request  that  I  would  sug 
gest  any  addition  or  alteration  to  it  that  I  should  think  proper. 
1  had  suggested  several  additional  paragraphs,  but  not  the 
alteration  of  a  word  in  his  draft.  He  had  taken  my  additions, 
adopted  some  of  them,  and  rejected  others,  making  it  his  own 
as  fully  as  any  piece  could -be,  written  with  consultation  of  a 
friend.  This  has  been  a  common  practice  between  the  Chair- 


1^2  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

men  of  committees  and  heads  of  Departments  ever  since"  the 
existence  of  the  Government,  and  to  infer  from  it  the  incapacity 
of  a  Chairman  of  a  committee  is  the  very  venom  of  political 
rancor.  Clay  well  knows  that,  however  superior  to  Middleton 
he  may  be  as  a  speaker  on  the  floor  of  Congress,  Middleton  is 
quite  his  equal  as  a  writer,  and  actually  annoyed  him,  at  the 
time  alluded  to,  by  publications  in  the  newspapers  on  the 
same  topic  of  South  American  affairs,  which  Clay  could  no 
otherwise  answer  than  by  the  most  disgusting  anonymous 
scurrility. 

The  President  further  observed  that  both  Rush  and  Gallatin 
were  in  positions  of  embarrassment,  from  which  he  wished  he 
could  relieve  them.  They  were  in  places  where  the  compen 
sation  could  not  defray  the  expense.  There  was  a  prejudice 
against  Rush  on  the  score  of  abilities,  and  he  was  not  esteemed 
so  highly  as  he  deserved.  His  conduct  in  England  had  been 
quite  satisfactory,  his  attention  to  his  duties  unwearied,  and 
his  deportment  acceptable  to  the  Government  there — all  which 
is  undeniable.  But  Rush  has  risen  too  rapidly.  The  mission 
to  England  should  have  been  one  of  the  last  stages  of  his  eleva 
tion,  from  ten  to  twenty  years  later.  His  proper  descent  would 
be  to  the  Senate.  There,  too,  Gallatin  might  be  useful,  though 
he  would  certainly  not  be  contented.  The  Senate  is  the  place 
where  all  the  overheated  blood  of  restless,  aspiring,  and  disap 
pointed  ambition  should  be  allowed  to  cool. 

27th.  By  the  mail  I  received  a  letter  from  D.  Strobel,  Consul 
at  Bordeaux,  of  2ist  April,  mentioning  that  J.  Forsyth  had 
arrived  there  the  day  before  from  Madrid,  and  had  delivered 
dispatches  to  the  captain  of  a  vessel  bound  to  Philadelphia  and 
ready  to  sail.  I  sent  this  letter  over  to  the  President.  Imme 
diately  afterwards  General  Vives  came  to  the  office  and  informed 
me  that  he  had  just  received  a  messenger  from  Spain,  who  had 
brought  a  letter  from  the  King  of  Spain  to  the  United  States 
of  America,  announcing  that  in  conformity  with  the  general 
wishes  of  his  people  he  had  sworn  to  the  Constitution  of  1812. 
Vives  had  brought  the  letter  itself,  and  also  a  copy  of  it  from 
the  Foreign  Department  at  Madrid.  He  said  he  had  heard  the 
President  was  going  immediately  to  Virginia,  and  was  unwill- 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^3 

ing  co  be  the  cause  of  detaining  him.  He  would,  therefore, 
either  ask  an  audience  to  deliver  the  King's  letter  to  the  Presi 
dent,  or  would  leave  it  with  me  to  be  delivered,  as  would  be 
most  agreeable  to  him.  He  also  read  me  parts  of  dispatches 
which  he  had  received  from  the  acting  Minister  of  Foreign 
Affairs,  and  told  me  that  he  should  make  me,  within  a  day  or 
two,  three  written  communications.  One,  to  give  information 
of  the  change  in  the  royal  title  of  the  King.  A  second,  to 
announce  that  an  order  had  issued  of  pardon  and  liberation  to 
all  the  citizens  of  the  United  States  confined  within  the  Spanish 
dominions  for  having  taken  part  in  the  South  American  revolts, 
excepting  cases  of  assassination,  robbery,  and  debt.  The  third 
was  to  notify  that  the  King,  having  sworn  to  the  Constitution  of 
1812,  so  that  he  had  no  power  to  alienate  any  portion  of  the 
Spanish  territory  without  the  consent  of  the  Cortes,  would  im 
mediately  upon  the  assembling  of  that  body  lay  before  them 
the  Treaty  of  22d  February,  1819;  that  it  was  the  King's  most 
earnest  desire  to  maintain  the  most  friendly  and  harmonious 
relations  with  the  United  States,  and  that  he  had  no  doubt 
the  disposition  of  the  Cortes  would  be  to  make  any  sacrifice 
compatible  with  the  honor  of  Spain  to  promote  the  good  un 
derstanding  with  them — a  sentiment  confirmed  by  the  sym 
pathy  resulting  from  congenial  sentiments  of  liberty.  I  went 
again  to  the  President's  and  made  report  of  this  conference 
with  Vives.  And  I  observed  to  him  that  although  Vives  had 
offered  to  leave  the  King's  letter  with  me,  I  thought  it  would 
be  better  that  it  should  be  delivered  in  a  formal  audience,  for 
the  effect  that  it  would  produce  at  Madrid.  To  this  he  assented, 
and  fixed  the  time  for  the  audience  at  Monday  noon — immedi 
ately  after  which,  he  said,  he  should  leave  the  city,  to  go  to  his 
farm  at  Oakhill,  near  Aldie,  London  County,  Virginia.  Mr. 
and  Madame  De  Neuville  called  this  evening  at  our  house  to 
take  leave  of  Mrs.  Adams ;  but  she  had  retired,  and  could  not 
receive  them. 

3Oth.  I  was  occupied  from  the  time  of  rising  until  the  even 
ing — a  good  fortune  which  occurs  scarcely  four  times  in  the 
year.  At  my  office,  preparing  drafts  of  dispatches,  and  par 
ticularly  of  papers  for  the  census.  The  law  requires  that  an 


!34  MEMOIRS   OF  JO  PIN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

account  should  be  taken  of  manufacturing  establishments  and 
their  manufactures,  and  it  prescribes  oaths  to  be  taken  by  the 
Marshals  and  their  assistants,  that  they  will  take  an  account  of 
manufactures,  except  household  manufactures.  The  numbers 
of  persons  engaged  in  agriculture,  commerce,  and  manufactures 
are  also  to  be  ascertained  and  discriminated.  I  besran  the 

o 

draft  of  instructions  to  the  Marshals.  The  account  of  manu 
factures  taken  in  the  year  1810  included  household  manufac 
tures.  It  was  prescribed  by  a  supplementary  law  passed  after 
that  for  the  general  census.  The  returns  were  made  to  the 
Secretary  of  the  Treasury,  and  were  by  him  committed  to 
Tench  Coxe,  of  Philadelphia,  to  make  an  abstract  of  them, 
which  was  accordingly  made  and  printed  in  a  quarto  pamphlet, 
3Oth  May,  1813.  This  pamphlet  has  also  been  furnished  me  by 
Colvin,  and  will  serve  to  make  out  an  alphabetical  list-of  manu 
factures,  which  I  propose  to  send  to  the  Marshals  to  be  used 
by  their  assistants  in  taking  the  account.  I  consulted  also  Sey- 
bert's  statistical  tables,  and  Pitkin's  work,  and  found  in  Seybert 
a  form  which  he  recommends  to  be  used,  and  which  I  propose 
to  adopt,  with  perhaps  some  addition.  I  have  had,  likewise, 
conversations  with  the  President  and  with  Calhoun  upon  the 
subject,  to  collect  and  compare  ideas ;  but  neither  of  them  was 
here  when  the  last  census  was  taken,  and  the  whole  subject 
was  more  new  to  them  than  to  me.  It  was  fortunate  that  the 
instructions  for  iSiowere  printed  in  the  National  Intelligencer. 
Robert  Smith  was  then  Secretary  of  State,  and  Colvin  says  the 
instructions  were  copied  verbatim  from  those  of  1800.  Colvin 
himself  copied  them,  and  Smith  signed  them  without  altera 
tion.  The  volume  of  archives  of  the  Department  for  the  year 
1 800,  containing  the  record  of  those  instructions,  was  destroyed 
with  the  office  in  1814,  by  the  British.  They  are,  therefore,  no 
longer  to  be  found.  The  census  is  an  object  of  great  impor 
tance  to  this  Union,  and  as,  by  the  Constitution,  it  is  to  be  taken 
at  intervals  often  years'  distance  from  each  other,  the  system  of 
taking  it  may  be  improved  from  term  to  term.  The  present 
enumeration  is  to  ascertain,  beyond  all  those  that  have  pre 
ceded,  the  number  of  free  white  males  between  sixteen  and 
eighteen,  the  foreigners  not  naturalized,  and  the  numbers  of 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  l^ 

persons  engaged  in  agriculture,  commerce,  and  manufactures. 
It  makes  also  several  discriminations  of  age  to  the  slaves  and 
free  persons  of  color  which  had  not  been  marked  before ;  but 
there  are  discriminations  of  age,  much  more  important,  which 
have  never  been  taken — they  include  in  the  same  column 
all  persons  of  each  sex  over  forty-five  years.  There  should, 
I  think,  be  columns  from  which  the  general  and  particular 
healthiness  of  the  climate  and  longevity  of  the  inhabitants 
might  be  demonstrated — such  as  persons  between  forty-five 
and  sixty,  between  sixty  and  eighty,  between  eighty  and  ninety, 
between  ninety  and  one  hundred,  all  over  one  hundred,  and  a 
column  for  the  age  of  the  eldest  person  in  the  family.  Other 
improvements  will  suggest  themselves  to  other  minds ;  though 
it  is  also  necessary  to  beware  of  making  it  too  complicated  an 
operation.  The  additions  even  of  the  present  law  will  double  the 
labor  of  the  persons  who  are  to  take  the  enumeration,  without 
making  any  allowance  either  of  time  or  compensation.  This 
will  probably  produce  obstacles  to  the  execution  of  the  law,  and 
require  additional  appropriations  and  compensations  hereafter. 
Day.  I  have  never  been  more  overcrowded  with  business 
than  through  the  course  of  this  month,  nor  have  I  ever  more 
thoroughly  felt  the  essential  obstacle  to  a  good  journal,  namely, 
the  impossibility  of  transacting  and  recording  much  important 
business  at  the  same  time.  To  increase  activity  by  voluntary 
aggravation  of  labor,  I  continue  making  the  index  to  my  old 
journals,  from  1795  to  1809.  The  general  impression  upon 
my  mind  in  reviewing  the  journal  of  that  time  is  its  extreme 
inanity.  It  contains  scarcely  ever  either  observation  or  reflec 
tion,  incident  or  character,  grave  remark  or  sally  of.  humor.  It 
names  the  persons  with  whom  I  dined  or  played  cards ;  the 
walks  that  I  took  ;  the  visits  that  I  paid  or  received ;  the  books 
that  I  read ;  and  sometimes  the  letters  that  I  wrote  or  received. 
It  records  no  operation  of  the  mind,  and  scarcely  ever  a  senti 
ment  of  the  heart.  Its  interest  to  me  consists  in  the  recollec 
tions  that  it  brings  back,  as  the  scattered  single  letters  re 
maining  undefaced  upon  a  decayed  monument  may  serve  the 
practised  antiquary  to  trace  the  whole  original  inscription.  I 
have  spent  too  much  of  my  life  in  plodding  upon  the  thoughts 


MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [June, 

of  others,  and  too  little  in  cultivating  my  own — too  much  in 
passive  study,  and  too  little  in  active  energy.  My  life  has 
therefore  been  laborious  and  unproductive.  Until  the  year 
1806,  whatever  of  intellect  I  did  exercise  is  contained  in  my 
letter-books,  and  nothing  in  my  journals.  The  really  important 
period  of  my  life  began  with  the  British  attack  upon  our  Chesa 
peake  frigate,  in  the  summer  of  1807.  Since  then  my  journal 
has  been  a  record  of  events,  opinions,  and  important  conversa 
tions;  but  it  is  only  more  prolix,  without  being  more  interest 
ing,  and  will  never  be  fit  for  exposure  to  any  eye  but  my  own. 
There  are  parts  of  it  which  my  children,  should  it  please  Heaven 
to  make  any  one  of  them  worthy  of  his  grandsire,  may  take 
pleasure  in  consulting  when  I  shall  be  in  the  dust.  In  coming 
to  this  passage,  if  he  too  should  have  spent  a  large  portion  of 
his  days  in  studious  idleness,  let  him  solace  himself  with  the 
conclusion  which  is  my  principal  comfort,  that  he  can  be  no 
other  than  what  God  and  nature  have  made  him,  and  that,  al 
though  not  gifted  with  genius,  his  mediocrity  has  not  been 
without  usefulness  in  the  world.  Not  all  can  have  the  wisdom 
of  the  serpent.  All  can  be  harmless  as  a  dove. 

June  2d.  Mr.  Roth,  the  French  Charge  d'Affaires,  called  at 
my  house  this  evening  upon  his  return  from  Annapolis,  whither 
he  accompanied  Mr.  and  Mrs.  De  Neuville.  They  sailed  in  the 
Normande  frigate,  commanded  by  Captain  Bougainville,  for 
France  on  Wednesday.  I  shall  probably  never  see  Hyde  de 
Neuville  again.  He  resided  several  years  in  this  country  as  an 
emigrant,  and  practised  physic  for  a  subsistence.  At  the  Resto 
ration  he  returned  to  France;  fled  again  to  England  during 
the  second  or  hundred-day  reign  of  Napoleon,  and  then  re 
turned  to  France,  by  a  passport  obtained  from  me  by  one  of  his 
friends,  as  a  Louisianian  named  Perrier.  He  was  soon  chosen 
one  of  the  Deputies  to  the  Legislative  Assembly ;  was  one  of 
the  most  violent  ultra  Royalists,  and  so  conspicuous  as  a  leader 
that  the  members  of  that  party  were  for  some  time  called  from 
his  name  the  "  Hideux,"  in  derision.  His  ardor  became  trouble 
some  to  the  King  and  the  Bourbon  party  itself,  and  he  was 
sent  here  into  honorable  and  lucrative  banishment  to  let  his 
overheated  passions  eva'porate.  Soon  after  his  arrival  here,  his 


1820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  l^ 

inflammable  temper  brought  him  into  a  short  collision  with  the 
Government  for  a  foolish  and  indecent  toast  given  at  Baltimore 
by  Skinner,  the  Postmaster,  a  man  more  hot-headed  and  wrong- 
headed  than  himself,  against  the  King  of  France.  This,  how 
ever,  soon  blew  over,  and  his  conduct  since  that  time  has  been 
unexceptionable,  his  private  life  irreproachable,  and  his  social, 
friendly,  kind,  and  benevolent  relations  with  the  various  classes 
of  the  people  exemplary.  His  wife  is  a  woman  of  excellent 
temper,  amiable  disposition,  unexceptionable  propriety  of  de 
meanor,  profuse  charity,  yet  of  judicious  economy  and  sound 
discretion.  No  foreign  Minister  who  ever  resided  here  has 
been  so  universally  esteemed  and  beloved ;  nor  have  I  ever 
been  in  political  relations  with  any  foreign  statesman  of  whose 
moral  qualities  I  have  formed  so  good  an  opinion,  with  the  ex 
ception  of  Count  Romanzoff.  He  has  not  sufficient  command 
of  his  temper,  is  quick,  irritable,  sometimes  punctilious,  occa 
sionally  indiscreet  in  his  discourse,  and  tainted  with  Royalist 
and  Bourbon  prejudices.  But  he  has  strong  sentiments  of 
honor,  justice,  truth,  and  even  liberty.  His  flurries  of  temper 
pass  off  as  quickly  as  they  rise.  He  is  neither  profound,  nor 
sublime,  nor  brilliant;  but  a  man  of  strong  and  good  feelings, 
with  the  experience  of  many  vicissitudes  of  fortune,  a  good 
but  common  understanding,  and  good  intentions  biassed  by 
party  feelings,  occasional  interests,  and  personal  affections. 
The  diverting  part  of  his  character  is  the  conflict  between  his 
Bourbon  royalism  and  his  republican  fancies,  involuntarily 
contracted  here  from  the  irresistible  fascination  of  practical 
freedom.  They  sometimes  break  out  in  his  conversation  in  a 
manner  almost  ludicrous  :  as  when  at  the  dinner  the  other  day 
at  Antrobus's,  speaking  of  a  Chamberlain  of  the  King  of  France, 
a  man  of  high  birth  and  rank,  but  whom  he  did  not  like,  he 
called  him  "  un  Chambellan — c'est  a  dire,  un  Valet  de  Chambre." 
I  told  him  that  was  a  "  c'est  a  dire"  that  would  have  sounded 
very  strangely  in  the  mouth  of  a  French  Minister  at  a  diplo 
matic  dinner  half  a  century  ago.  De  Neuville  is  politically, 
and  his  wife  is  piously,  religious.  His  Catholicism,  like  his 
royalism,  pure  at  the  fountain,  flows  turbid  with  sediment  from 
the  bottom  of  the  channel  over  which  it  passes.  He  now  goes 


I38  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [June 

home  with  a  professed  intention  of  returning  next  winter ;  but 
I  do  not  expect  him,  and  perhaps  ought  not  to  desire  that  he 
should  come  back.  To  part  in  peace  once  in  a  life  with  a 
diplomatic  man  is  as  much  as  can  be  reasonably  anticipated. 

3d.  A  Mr.  Speir,  of  New  York,  came  to  the  office  with  a 
letter  from  the  President,  and  recommendations  from  Vice- 
President  Tompkins  and  other  respectable  persons.  Speir  is 
the  uncle  of  a  young  man  of  the  same  name,  one  of  the  sixteen 
persons  convicted  and  under  sentence  of  death  for  piracy  com 
mitted  on  board  the  Irresistible  ;  the  same  case  for  which  seven 
others  were  convicted,  two  of  whom  have  been  executed  at 
Baltimore.  The  sixteen,  of  whom  Speir  is  one,  were  tried  at 
Richmond,  but  he  was  convicted  and  stands  sentenced  by  the 
name  of  Francis  Oglesvy.  I  have  been  invariably  averse  to 
the  execution  of  any  of  the  men  in  this  case,  which  was  more 
of  a  revolt  against  piracy  than  piracy.  The  captain  of  the 
same  vessel,  who,  if  he  could  undergo  a  separate  hanging  for 
every  one  of  these  men,  would  not  be  too  severely  punished, 
has  escaped  repeated  trials,  and  is  now  ranging  the  ocean  in 
the  very  same  vessel  with  impunity.  I  told  Mr.  Speir  that  a 
pardon  would  issue  for  Speir,  and  for  one  other  person  con 
victed  at  Richmond.  Reprieves  for  two  months  are  to  go  for 
all  the  rest,  excepting  two,  against  whom  the  decree  of  execu 
tion  yet  stands  unrevoked.  Speir  asked  me  if  he  might  make 
known  to  his  nephew  that  he  was  pardoned.  I  told  him  it 
would  be  more  advisable  and  regular  to  let  it  be  communicated 
in  due  time  by  the  Marshal. 

4th.  Among  the  letters  received  this  day  was  one  from 
Josiah  Quincy,  Corresponding  Secretary  to  the  American 
Academy  of  Arts  and  Sciences,  at  Boston,  announcing  to  me 
that  the  Society  had  at  their  annual  meeting,  on  the  3Oth  of 
last  month,  elected  me  their  President.  I  answered  the  letter, 
and  accepted  the  office,  because  I  thought  there  would  be  an 
appearance  of  affectation  in  refusing  it.  The  arts  and  sciences 
have  been  the  objects  of  my  admiration  through  life.  I  would 
it  were  in  my  power  to  say  they  have  been  objects  of  my  suc 
cessful  cultivation  !  Honors  like  these  produce  in  my  mind 
humiliation  as  well  as  pride.  In  this  particular  instance  I  am 


1 820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


139 


mortified  at  being  raised  to  the  head  of  a  learned  Society  with 
qualifications  so  inadequate  to  the  station ;  mortified,  that  in  a 
Society  which  ought  to  include  all  the  distinguished  men  of 
letters  and  of  science  in  the  State,  there  was  no  man  so  noto 
riously  and  conspicuously  superior  to  me  as  to  have  prevented 
the  thought  of  me  from  occurring  at  all.  As  the  time  is  fast 
approaching  when,  if  my  life  continues,  I  shall  be  consigned  to 
retirement  from  public  life,  the  idea  presents  itself  to  me  that  I 
may  still  exist  for  some  purpose  useful  to  my  country,  by  de 
voting  the  leisure  of  my  declining  days  to  the  duties  of  this 
scientific  office ;  to  promote  the  taste,  the  culture,  and  the  re 
finement  of  art  and  science  in  my  country.  Should  my  exit 
from  the  public  theatre  be  such  as  to  leave  me  with  a  compe 
tency  for  the  comfortable  subsistence  of  my  family,  and,  there 
fore,  the  choice  of  employment  for  my  time,  this  will  perhaps 
offer  me  the  means  of  filling  it  with  satisfaction  and  with  honor. 
In  the  continual  bustle  and  unceasing  occupation  of  my  present 
office,  I  feel  nothing  but  the  want  of  time.  But  in  looking  for 
ward  to  the  moment  when,  discarded  from  all  public  concerns, 
my  time  will  be  all  upon  my  hands,  and,  instead  of  the  rapid 
whirl  of  successive  stimulants  to  interest,  the  lifeless  languor 
of  indifference  to  everything  around  me  will  be  predominant, 
what  I  principally  dread  is  a  dejection  of  spirits  and  atrophy  of 
mind,  which  will  throw  me  into  a  desultory  and  idle,  because 
useless,  career  of  reading  indolence.  I  shall  want  an  object  of 
pursuit ;  and  may  the  Spirit  of  truth  and  of  all  virtue  and 
wisdom  point  me  to  it ! 

5th.  Mr.  Poletica  came  just  as  I  was  about  leaving  the  office, 
and  read  to  me  two  dispatches  from  Count  Nesselrode  to 
him,  one  of  which  related  to  the  proposal  of  referring  to  the 
umpirage  of  the  Emperor  Alexander  the  question  between  the 
United  States  and  Great  Britain  upon  the  construction  of  the 
first  article  of  the  Treaty  of  Ghent,  which  he  declares  his  dis 
position  to  accept.  The  other  was  concerning  the  general 
policy  of  Russia,  for  which  he  refers  him  to  a  memoir  upon  the 
relations  between  Russia  and  Persia  and  between  Russia  and 
Turkey,  and  also  to  such  dispatches  as  he  might  receive  from 
Pozzo  di  Borgo,  the  Russian  Ambassador  in  Paris.  The  me- 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [June, 

moir  and  the  dispatch  from  Pozzo  di  Borgo,  Poletica  told  me, 
he  had  not  yet  read,  but  said  he  would  bring  them  to  me  to 
morrow.  The  letter  from  Nesselrode  approved  of  the  course 
of  conduct  observed  by  Poletica  here  respecting  our  differences 
with  Spain,  and  exhorted  him  to  persevere  in  it.  I  took  the 
occasion  to  tell  Poletica  that  I  should  have  communicated  to 
him  the  progress  of  the  negotiation  with  Vives  from  step  to 
step,  but  that  I  had  seen  he  rather  avoided  communication 
with  me,  and  concluded  he  would  prefer  keeping  aloof  from  it 
until  it  should  have  come  to  some  result.  As  I  thought  this 
course  on  his  part  was  correct,  I  had  tacitly  fallen  in  with  it, 
and,  as  all  the  documents  were  sent  to  Congress,  there  had 
been  nothing  afterwards  to  tell  that  was  not  public.  He  said 
that  he  had  purposely  abstained  from  seeking  information 
from  me  at  that  time,  and  had  been  equally  reserved  with 
Vives,  to  whom  he  had  never  spoken  a  word  on  the  subject  of 
his  mission.  His  motives  were  to  avoid  intermeddling  in  any 
case  where  there  was  not  an  obvious  utility  in  his  interposition, 
and  also  to  observe  a  proper  delicacy  towards  Mr.  De  Neuville, 
who,  having  already  taken  much  part  in  that  affair,  would- 
naturally  be  averse  to  the  interference  of  others  which  might 
have  any  effect  upon  his  own.  I  asked  Poletica  if  he  had 
any  dispatches  from  Count  Lieven.  He  said,  no ;  Lieven  was 
perfectly  well  in  his  place — an  Ambassador  in  London,  where 
Russia  had  nothing  of  material  importance  to  transact.  But 
Lieven  would  not  take  the  trouble  of  writing  much,  either 
upon  general  politics  or  upon  the  state  of  affairs  in  England, 
being  rather  an  indolent  man.  Pozzo  di  Borgo  is  evidently 
the  favorite  of  Poletica. 

6th.  Poletica  brought  me  the  letter  from  Pozzo  di  Borgo, 
with  another  from  Nesselrode,  and  the  memoir  concerning  the 
relations  of  Russia  with  Prussia  and  the  Porte.  He  left  these 
papers  with  me  a  couple  of  hours  for  perusal,  and  then  came 
and  took  them  again.  I  told  him  I  should  b'e  glad  to  have 
some  conversation  with  him  concerning  these  papers  hereafter. 
The  memoir  is  a  fresh  exposition  of  the  political  system  of 
Russia,  founded  upon  the  basis  of  the  European  alliance  for  the 
preservation  of  universal  peace.  It  notices  again  the  public 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  l^l 

comments  and  glosses  upon  the  alliance,  and  the  different 
charges  which  have  been  occasionally  brought  against  it,  as  a 
league  of  great  powers  to  oppress  the  smaller,  or  a  combination 
of  sovereigns  against  the  liberties  of  the  people.  It  defends 
the  system  against  these  and  other  objections,  and  holds  it 
forth  as  a  righteous  and  pure-hearted  league  of  powerful  sov 
ereigns  for  the  maintenance  of  justice,  of  good  understanding, 
and  of  peace  between  them  and  all  the  world.  There  is  an 
earnest  solicitude  manifested  in  this  paper  to  vindicate  against 
reproach  the  system  of  the  alliance  and  to  commend  it  as  pecu 
liarly  the  Emperor's  system.  It  is  Alexander's  substitute  for 
the  armed  neutrality.  It  then  applies  the  principles  of  the 
system  to  the  actual  relations  of  Russia  with  Persia  and  with 
the  Porte,  with  regard  to  the  first  of  which  it  declares  the  Rus 
sian  Government  to  be  satisfied,  and,  alluding  obscurely  to  a 
secret  treaty  of  alliance  between  Great  Britain,  Austria,  and 
Persia  against  Russia,  supposes  it  to  be  merely  defensive,  to 
prevent  encroachment  upon  Persia  by  Russia,  which,  being,  as 
it  observes,  not  in  the  Emperor's  intention,  is  without  effect  as 
regards  his  policy,  and  therefore  can  give  him  no  dissatisfac 
tion.  The  article  concerning  Turkey  is  less  quiescent,  but 
still  entirely  pacific.  It  charges  the  Turkish  Government  with 
many  prevarications  and  evasions  of  the  last  treaty  of  peace 
between  the  two  powers,  and  states  that  after  many  of  these 
disingenuous  practices  (stimulated  and  countenanced,  as  it 
insinuates,  by  foreign  influence,  meaning  English  and  Aus 
trian)  the  Emperor  Alexander  wrote  himself  to  the  Sultan, 
hoping  by  this  direct  intercourse  to  come  to  a  more  explicit 
understanding  with  him ;  that  the  Sultan  answered  the  letter, 
dwelling,  however,  upon  the  same  erroneous  ideas  which  had 
distinguished  the  correspondence  of  his  Ministers.  It  pro 
ceeds  to  state  that  the  objects  in  controversy,  being  in  pos 
session  or  under  the  control  of  Russia,  will  be  so  retained — 
leaving  the  matter  for  negotiation  as  long  as  the  Turks  may 
please,  knowing  that  the  policy  of  the  Ottoman  Porte  will  be 
necessarily  pacific. 

I  told  Poletica  that  I  was  glad  to  see  from  this  memoir  that 
there  was  no  prospect  of  a  war  between  Russia  and  Turkey, 


I42  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [June, 

the  newspapers  from  Europe  having  lately  announced  it  as  a 
probable  event.  The  letter  from  Pozzo  di  Borgo  related  to 
Spanish,  Portuguese,  and  South  American  affairs,  and  referred 
him  to  the  copy  of  another  letter,  from  him  to  General  Tuyl, 
the  Russian  Minister  now  in  Brazil,  enclosed  in  the  dispatch. 
As  this  was  not  among  the  papers  left  by  Poletica  with  me,  I 
noticed  it. 

He  said  he  had  not  brought  it  because  there  was  something 
in  it  more  peculiarly  confidential.  Nevertheless,  he  would  not 
withhold  it,  but  would  bring  it  with  him  the  next  time  that  he 
should  come.  I  observed  to  him  that  Pozzo  di  Borgo's  letter 
spoke  with  disapprobation  and  concern  of  the  late  events  in 
Spain,  at  which  I  was  not  surprised.  It  was  to  be  expe*cted 
that  all  the  Governments  in  Europe  would  look  at  those  events 
at  first  on  their  unfavorable  side ;  as  in  this  country  the  first 
view  of  them  had  been  universally  on  the  favorable  side.  They 
were  undoubtedly  events  of  transcendent  importance,  and  it 
would  be  very  agreeable  for  us  to  know  in  what  light  they 
were,  and  would  be,  considered  by  the  Emperor,  and  particu 
larly  whether  any  concert  of  measures  would  be  adopted  by 
the  European  allies  bearing  upon  the  revolutionary  state  of 
Spain..  He  said  it  was  certainly  true  that  Pozzo  di  Borgo's 
letter  did  consider  the  changes  in  Spain  in  an  unfavorable  light, 
and,  so  far  as  they  had  originated  and  been  conducted  by  mili 
tary  mutiny,  they  could  not  be  otherwise  considered. 

To  this  I  agreed,  and  remarked  that  there  was  no  country  in 
the  world  where  military  mutiny  would  be  more  disapproved 
than  in  this,  nor  any  where  an  operation  of  military  force  upon 
the  civil  Government  would  be  more  abhorrent  to  the  general 
temper  and  character  of  the  people.  Military  interference  with 
the  organization  or  administration  of  our  Governments  had 
been  unexampled  throughout  our  Revolution,  and  ever  since. 
On  the  other  hand,  there  were  many  things  in  the  recent 
transactions  in  Spain  which  were  universally  approved  here, 
and  I  presumed  would  even  be  well  viewed  by  the  European 
Governments — the  moderation  which  had  hitherto  marked  the 
revolutionary  movement,  the  release  of  all  prisoners  for  poli 
tics,  and  the  abolition  of  the  Inquisition,  for  example ;  not  to 


1 8 20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


143 


mention  the  liberty  of  the  press,  which  we  indeed  approve  also, 
but  which  would  not  be  so  agreeable  in  Europe.  I  thought, 
however,  that  before  the  European  sovereigns  should  resolve 
upon  any  system  for  the  treatment  of  the  Spanish  malady 
they  would  do  well  to  consider  the  whole  case,  and  particu 
larly  the  temper  of  the  instruments  with  which  they  must 
operate — armies  all  over  Europe,  excepting  Russia,  being  not 
precisely  the  same  machines  that  they  have  been  heretofore. 
He  said  he  was  very  sure  that  whatever  might  be  the  event, 
unless  the  revolutionary  party  in  Spain,  like  that  of  France, 
should  become  aggressive,  Russia  at  least  would  take  no  active 
military  measures  against  them.  I  received  also  a  letter,  dated 
the  3d,  from  H.  Middleton,  at  New  York.  He  had  arrived 
there  from  Charleston  that  day,  found  my  letter  there  upon 
his  arrival,  and  immediately  engaged  a  passage  for  himself  and 
family  in  the  Amity  packet,  to  sail  for  Liverpool  on  the  loth. 
He  will,  therefore,  not  have  time  to  come  here. 

7th.  I  was  again  excessively  pressed  in  preparing  instructions 
for  H.  Middleton  and  directing  the  papers  necessary  for  him 
to  be  transmitted — which  must  be  at  New  York  next  Saturday 
morning.  It  was  impossible  for  me  to  make  the  draft  of  his 
general  instructions  in  time.  I  therefore  wrote  him  a  letter 
merely  directory  with  respect  to  his  passing  through  England, 
and  suggesting  the  measures  to  be  arranged  with  the  British 
Ministry  for  proceeding  on  the  reference  to  the  Emperor  of 
Russia.  As  he  will  necessarily  be  detained  some  weeks  in 
England,  I  shall  send  his  general  instructions  to  him  there. 

I  consider  this  duty  of  giving  instructions  to  Ministers  and 
public  agents  abroad  as  the  most  important  and  difficult  of  the 
functions  of  a  Secretary  of  State.  There  are  many  particulars 
of  these  instructions  which  are  the  same,  or  nearly  the  same, 
for  all.  I  have,  therefore,  adopted  the  practice  of  giving  each 
of  them  tv/o  letters  of  instructions,  the  one  under  the  denom 
ination  of  general  and  the  other  of  personal.  In  this,  as  in 
everything  else  relating  to  the  business  of  the  Department,  I 
feel  incessantly  the  want  of  method — systematical  arrange 
ment.  I  am  endeavoring  to  introduce  it  gradually;  but,  as  it 
requires  long  experience  of  all  the  business  of  the  office,  as 


MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [June, 

the  whole  and  the  detail  must  be  known  before  a  good  arrange 
ment  of  distribution  can  be  made,  I  have  scarcely  yet,  after  three 
years'  attendance  at  the  office,  so  thorough  an  acquaintance 
with  it  as  will  enable  me  to  form  a  complete  system  for  the 
management  of  it.  The  personal  instructions  were  made  out 
for  Mr.  Middleton  this  day,  but  very  imperfectly.  It  was  with 
the  utmost  difficulty  that  I  could  get  his  cipher  made  out. 
One  of  the  greatest  inconveniences  that  I  suffer  is  the  neces 
sity  of  attending  to  the  minutest  details,  and  of  superintending 
with  incessant  vigilance  even  the  routine  of  the  office. 

8th.  Dr.  Thornton  called  at  my  office,  and  showed  me  a 
letter  that  he  had  received  from  Dr.  Allison,  the  Chaplain  to 
the  House  of  Representatives,  the  person  with  whom  Thorn 
ton  had  made  his  first. arrangements  on  his  South  American 
project — namely,  that  Thornton  should  go  as  Agent  to  South 
America,  and  Allison  succeed  him  as  Superintendent  of  the 
Patent  Office.  Allison,  in  the  letter,  comforts  himself  that 
although  the  Agencies  to  South  America  are  otherwise  dis 
posed  of,  there  will  be  another  soon  wanted  for  Peru.  He 
enlarges  upon  the  zeal  with  which  he  has  promoted  the  re-elec 
tion  of  Mr.  Monroe  by  his  influence  as  Vice-President  of  the 
general  Baptist  Association  of  Ministers,  and  his  willingness 
to  travel  about  the  country  and  labor  industriously  in  the  same 
good  cause,  but  complains  of  his  inability  to  carry  his  good 
wishes  into  effect  for  the  want  of  a  little  money.  Neither 
Allison  himself  nor  Dr.  Thornton  appears  to  have  a  misgiving 
of  conscience  as  to  the  political  purity  or  moral  delicacy  of  this 
broad  hint.  To  me  it  is  very  disgusting. 

Among  the  subjects  which  have  lately  occupied  much  of  my 
time  and  attention  has  been  the  disposal  of  the  persons  con 
victed  and  sentenced  to  death  for  piracy  at  Boston,  Baltimore, 
Richmond,  Charleston,  Savannah,  and  New  Orleans,  amounting 
to  more  than  fifty.  There  are  three  at  Boston  sentenced  for 
piracy  and  murder.  They  were  part  of  a  prize  crew,  bound 
to  Buenos  Ayres,  who  murdered  their  master  and  mate  and 
brought  the  vessel  into  Scituate,  Massachusetts.  The  transac 
tion  was  among  the  most  atrocious  of  those  that  have  occurred; 
and  yet  there  are  circumstances  of  extenuation  in  the  individual 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  l^ 

cases  which  almost  lay  a  claim  to  mercy  for  them.  They 
petitioned  the  President  for  pardon,  and  J.  T.  Austin,  one  of 
their  counsel,  made  a  strong  representation  in  their  favor.  But 
that  of  G.  Blake,  the  District  Attorney,  was  strong  and  earnest 
against  them,  and  the  Attorney-General,  to  whom  the  President 
referred  their  petitions  for  his  opinion,  reported  that  it  would 
be  an  abuse  of  the  pardoning  power  to  extend  it  to  them.  The 
President  had  determined  not  to  interfere  with  the  operation 
of  the  law  against  them,  and  I  had  given  the  notice  of  it  to 
Austin  and  the  Marshal,  when,  two  or  three  days  before  the 
President  left  the  city,  I  received  a  private  letter  from  Marshal 
Prince,  most  earnestly  soliciting  mercy  for  one  of  the  convicts, 
named  Rosewaine,  on  account  of  his  youth,  his  good  conduct 
since  he  has  been  in  prison,  and  his  own  statement  and  that  of 
his  fellow-convicts,  that  his  case  had  been  aggravated  by  false 
testimony  of  an  accomplice,  who  was  the  only  witness  against 
him.  I  read  this  letter  to  the  President  on  receiving  it,  two  or 
three  days  before  he  left  the  city;  and,  not  having  the  other 
papers  before  him,  nor  a  distinct  recollection  of  them,  the  Pres 
ident  said  that  if  there  was  anything  which  would  warrant  him 
in  making  a  discrimination,  he  would  pardon  this  man.  He 
left  the  city  without  giving  any  further  directions,  and  in  his 
letter  to  me  of  the  2d  instant  referred  to  the  principles  already 
settled,  to  be  applied,  with  the  opinion  of  the  Attorney-General 
when  necessary,  to  the  several  cases,  and  directed  me  to  report 
him  the  cases  in  which  pardons  or  reprieves  would  be  proper. 
In  the  flood  of  business  with  which  I  have  been  incessantly 
overwhelmed,  I  have  till  this  day  had  no  time  for  this.  To 
day  I  took  up  and  read  all  the  papers  relating  to  the  persons 
convicted  at  Boston,  including  the  last  letter  of  Marshal  Prince. 
My  impression  from  the  whole  was,  that  Rosewaine  could  not 
with  propriety  be  pardoned  ;  but  that  of  the  President  might  be 
otherwise.  The  execution  is  fixed  for  the  isth,  this  day  week. 
A  reprieve  to  go  by  the  mail  must  go  the  day  after  to-morrow, 
or  might  be  too  late.  I  found  upon  enquiry  that  I  could  not 
write  to  the  President  and  receive  his  answer  in  time  by  post, 
and  therefore  sent  the  messenger  of  the  Department,  Joseph 
Warren,  express,  with  directions  to  be  back  here  with  the 

VOL.  V. — 10 


I46  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN   QU1NCY  ADAMS.  [June, 

President's  answer  within  office-hours  to-morrow.  I  wrote  to 
the  President,  stating  the  case  of  Rosewaine,  and  enclosing  all 
the  papers  relating  to  it,  with  a  request  for  an  immediate  de 
cision.  The  dispatches  that  were  prepared  for  H.  Middle-ton 
went  by  the  mail  this  morning. 

9th.  My  messenger  returned  from  the  President's  about  three 
o'clock  with  his  answer  to  my  letter,  and  the  papers  returned. 
The  President  decides  against  reprieving  Rosewaine,  but  au 
thorizes  a  reprieve  to  issue  if,  upon  consultation,  a  majority 
of  the  members  of  the  Administration  should  be  of  a  different 
opinion.  I  sent  immediately  for  those  who  were  in  the  city, 
Messrs.  Crawford  and  Calhoun,  requesting  them  to  call  at  my 
office.  Mr.  Wirt  is  gone  to  Richmond.  They  came,  and  I 
submitted  the  papers  to  them,  together  with  the  President's 
letter.  The  opinion  was  unanimous,  concurring  with  that  of 
the  President,  that  Rosewaine  could  not  with  propriety  be 
pardoned.  I  then  referred  to  them  the  case  of  the  convicts 
at  Richmond,  of  whom  there  are  sixteen — all  upon  the  case  of 
the  Irresistible,  the  same  for  which  Ferguson  and  Denny  wrere 
hung  at  Baltimore.  It  had  been  originally  decided  that  two  of 
those  convicted  at  Richmond  should  also  be  executed;  that  if 
there  were  any  circumstances  of  extenuation  peculiarly  favor 
able  to  any  of  them,  they  should  be  pardoned  ;  if  any  circum 
stances  of  peculiar  aggravation  which  could  point  to  a  selection 
of  the  two  who  should  suffer,  they  should  be  attended  to,  and 
the  rest  should  be  reprieved  for  two  months,  as  those  at  Balti 
more,  Charleston,  Savannah,  and  New  Orleans  had  been.  Chief- 
Justice  Marshall  had  promised  to  write  to  Mr.  Wirt,  and  I 
had  written  to  the  District  Attorney,  Stanard,  for  information 
of  particulars.  Circumstances  have  been  shown  favorable  to 
two  of  the  men,  Samuel  G.  Poole,  and  Speir,  convicted  by  the 
name  of  Francis  Oglesby,  sufficient  to  issue  for  them  a  pardon. 
Chief-Justice  Marshall's  letter  to  Mr.  Wirt  names  them  as 
meriting  particular  favor.  But  neither  that  nor  the  District 
Attorney  Stanard's  letter  to  me  affords  ground  for  selecting 
any  two  of  the  other  fourteen  for  execution.  A  list  of  their 
names,  arranged  according  to  the  propriety  of  their  conduct 
since  they  have  been  in  prison,  has  indeed  been  furnished  by 


iS2o.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  i^j 

the  District  Attorney,  but  resting  upon  precarious  testimony, 
and  without  any  reference  to  particular  facts ;  their  principal 
keeper  declining  to  make   any  discrimination  between  them. 
It  happens  also  that  of  the  two  lowest  on  the  list,  one  is  a 
Scotchman  and  the  other  a  man  of  color.     In  the  Richmond 
Enquirer  of  the  6th,  which  came  this  morning,  there  is  a  repre 
sentation  of  four  columns  addressed  to  the  President  in  behalf 
of  all  these  men,  urging  the  extension  of  mercy  to  them  all. 
Mr.   Crawford    himself   now    proposed    that    they    should    be 
reprieved ;   to  which   Mr.  Calhoun  assented.     As  it  was  con 
formable  to  what  had  always  been  my  opinion  and  my  wish,  I 
"heartily  concurred  with  this  determination.     The  President  left 
his  seat  in   London  County  this  morning  for  his  residence  in 
Albemarle.     The  day  fixed  for  the  execution  at  Richmond  is 
the   1 9th,  and,  as  the  post-office  arrangement  is  not  yet  made 
for  conveying  letters  to  the  President,  there  would  scarcely  be 
time  to  write  to  him  to  receive  his  answer  and  then  to  transmit 
the  warrant  of  reprieve  in  season.     I  concluded,  therefore,  to 
presume   upon   the    President's   approbation,  and   include   the 
whole  fourteen  in  the  reprieve,  which  I  directed  to  be  made 
out  to-morrow.     And,  instead  of  making  it  for  two  months,  I 
directed  it  for  an  indefinite  period,  until  the  Marshal  should 
receive   further   orders.     As   it  is   the   absolute  determination 
of  the  President  ultimately  to  pardon  them,  but  to  keep  them 
a  considerable   time  in   prison,  there  would   be   much   incon 
venience,  and  some  danger,  in  having  to  renew  reprieves  from 
time  to  time,  for  two  months,  at  four  or  five  different  places, 
and  at  different  periods  of  expiration.     Scarcely  a  week  would 
pass  without  a  necessity  for  issuing  a  new  warrant,  and  every 
time  at  the  hazard  of  an  accident  which  might    prevent  the 
receipt  of  it  by  the   Marshal   in  suitable  time  to  put  off  the 
execution.     An  indefinite  reprieve  avoids  all  these  serious  in 
conveniences.     Before  leaving  the  office,  I  wrote  to   Marshal 
Prince,  informing  him  of  the  determination  which   had  been 
reluctantly  taken  in  the  case  of  Rosewaine. 

loth.  I  finished  the  first  draft  of  instructions  to  the  Marshals 
for  taking  the  census.  There  are  ten  forms  of  blanks  to  be 
used  in  the  process,  which  are  to  be  transmitted  with  the 


I48  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [June, 

instructions.  In  performing  this  duty,  I  have  derived  many 
facilities  from  the  returns  of  the  former  enumerations,  and 
greatly  felt  the  want  of  a  record  of  the  proceedings  in  the  De 
partment  of  State  on  those  occasions.  There  is  indeed  not  one 
word  on  the  records  of  the  Department  of  State  concerning  it 
— not  even  copies  of  the  former  instructions  to  the  Marshals. 
The  instructions  from  the  Secretaries  of  State  and  of  the  Treas 
ury,  in  1810,  were,  fortunately,  printed  in  the  National  Intelli 
gencer.  The  duties  at  that  time  assigned  to  the  two  Depart 
ments  have  been  now  allotted  entirely  to  the  Department  of 
State,  and  I  am  desirous  that  if  another  census  should  be  taken 
in  1830  there  may  be  materials  extant  both  for  improving  the 
law  and  the  mode  of  executing  it.  I  have  directed  a  special 
record  to  be  kept  of  all  the  correspondence  which  will  occur 
in  the  execution  of  the  law,  and  also  a  memorandum-book,  in 
which  may  be  noted  every  incident  of  importance  which  may 
arise  in  the  progress  and  completion  of  the  enumeration. 

nth.  This  morning,  as  we  were  finishing  our  breakfast,  a 
Mr.  William  Fenwick,  of  Richmond,  came  to  my  house  with 
Strother,  the  keeper  of  the  hotel,  and  brought  me  a  letter  of 
introduction  from  Vice-President  Tompkins.  Mr.  Fenwick's 
object  was  to  solicit  mercy  for  the  convicts  at  Richmond.  He 
had  two  printed  copies  of  a  petition  to  the  President,  signed 
by  the  Judges  of  the  Virginia  Court  of  Appeals,  and  by  many 
other  respectable  persons,  in  behalf  of  the  prisoners.  He  had 
also  a  number  of  other  papers,  certificates  from  clergymen, 
and  letters,  with  which  he  proposed  to  go  to  the  President ; 
among  the  rest,  two  letters  from  a  young  woman  at  Portland, 
Maine,  sister  to  Samuel  G.  Poole,  expressing  very  fervent 
religious  sentiments.  Fenwick  himself  spoke  with  much  unc 
tion  upon  the  case,  and  told  me  that  Poole  had  become  a  very 
earnest  preacher  of  the  gospel  to  his  brother  convicts. 

I  informed  him  that  there  would  be  no  necessity  for  him  to 
go  to  the  President,  as  warrants  had  already  been  forwarded 
yesterday  to  the  Marshal  at  Richmond  for  the  pardon  and  dis 
charge  of  Poole  and  Oglesby,  and  a  reprieve  for  an  indefinite 
term  of  time  for  all  the  others. 

Fenwick  said  he  should  not  wish  that  they  might   all    be 


1820.1  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


149 


immediately  pardoned,  because  they  had  not  yet  all  been 
awakened  to  religious  impressions,  and  said  that  when  Poole 
had  been  informed  that  an  effort  would  be  made  to  obtain  by 
petition  a  pardon  for  them,  his  first  exclamation  had  been, 
"Do  not  let  those  wicked  ones  know  it!"  Fenwick  intimated 
that  the  treatment  of  the  prisoners  since  they  were  sentenced 
had  been  rather  more  rigorous  than  was  necessary,  and  men 
tioned  particulars  very  disagreeable  to  think  of:  such  as  the 
men  being  chained  together  two  and  two,  and  not  allowed 
single  moments  of  retirement  from  the  presence  of  their  guards. 

I  told  him  that  the  Marshal,  Moore,  was  a  man  of  humanity 
as  well  as  prudence,  and  I  had  no  doubt  would  allow  every 
relaxation  from  the  rigor  of  their  confinement  which  was  com 
patible  with  his  duty  of  keeping  them  securely.  But  if,  upon 
his  return  to  Richmond,  he  should  find  there  were  among  those 
now  reprieved  any  who  could  be  recommended  as  deserving 
a  pardon  sooner  than  others,  or  any  alleviation  to  the  rigor 
of  their  confinement  which  could  reasonably  be  desired,  but 
which  the  Marshal  should  decline  to  allow,  he  might  make  a 
statement  of  any  such  circumstances  to  me,  and  I  would  for 
ward  it  without  delay  to  the  President  for  his  consideration. 
With  this  Mr.  Fenwick  declared  himself  to  be  satisfied. 

1 2th.  Mr.  Fenwick  called  at  my  house  again  this  morning, 
and  told  me  he  should  immediately  return  to  Richmond.  He 
enquired  if  there  had  been  any  particular  representations  made 
to  the  President  in  behalf  of  one  of  the  convicts  by  the  name 
of  Nelson.  There  had  not.  He  then  intimated  a  wish  that 
some  favor  might  be  extended  to  a  person  named  Green,  who 
had  beerr  chained  with  Poole.  I  repeated  the  promise  that  if 
he  would  forward  in  writing  a  statement  of  any  circumstances 
tending  to  recommend  these,  or  any  other  individuals,  to  further 
clemency,  it  should  be  laid  before  the  President,  who  would 
give  every  just  consideration  to  it;  but  I  reminded  him  that, 
with  every  proper  sentiment  of  tenderness  for  these  persons  in 
their  unhappy  condition,  it  was  not  to  be  forgotten  that  they 
were  all  deeply  involved  in  guilt — all  had  violated  the  laws  of 
their  country.  After  sparing  their  lives,  it  was  also  proper  to 
remember  that  the  crime  of  which  they  were  convicted  was  not 


!-0  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUIA'CY  ADAMS.  [June, 

the  only  one  that  they  had  committed.  The  seizure  of  the 
Irresistible  itself  was  a  robbery,  for  which  they  had  not  been 
tried.  Their  shipping  at  Baltimore  in  either  that  vessel  or  the 
Creole  was  a  crime,  and  well  known  to  be  so  by  themselves. 
Speir,  one  of  the  persons  pardoned,  was  tried  and  convicted 
by  the  name  of  Oglesby.  How  came  he  by  that  name?  He 
had  assumed  it  at  Baltimore  when  he  shipped,  conscious  of  the 
wrong  he  was  doing,  and  anxious  to  shield  his  name  from  the 
reproach  which  he  felt  to  be  due  to  his  conduct.  As  to  the 
contrition  and  repentance  of  convicts  between  sentence  and 
execution,  it  was  desirable  for  their  own  prospects  of  eternity 
that  such  should  be  their  temper  of  mind  ;  but  it  was  a  death 
bed  repentance.  Such  recoveries  were  subject  to  relapse,  and 
we  must  not  lose  our  duty  of  discriminating  between  repentance 
and  virtue.  Benevolence  itself  sometimes  tended  to  excess. 
There  had  been  a  petition  signed  by  four  thousand  persons  at 
Baltimore  for  the  pardon  of  Ferguson  and  Denny,  the  two  men 
executed  at  Baltimore,  and  a  written  statement  had  been  brought 

o 

with  the  petition,  not  signed  indeed,  but  consisting  of  a  narra 
tive  which,  if  true,  would  have  secured  their  pardon.  It  was 
found,  upon  enquiry,  to  be  wholly  without  foundation,  and  since 
the  execution  of  Ferguson  it  had  been  proved  that  he  had 
been  guilty  of  other  atrocious  piracies  besides  that  for  which 
he  suffered.  It  had  originally  been  intended  that  two  of  the 
men  convicted  at  Richmond  should  also  be  executed.  It  had 
been  thought  necessary  that  examples  should  be  made  to  arrest 
this  hideous  crime  of  piracy.  But  it  had  been  found  imprac 
ticable  to  discriminate  between  the  cases,  so  as  to  select  the 
victims  with  propriety,  and  the  interest  taken  in  their  behalf 
had  finally  prevailed  to  obtain  mercy  for  them  all.  Mr.  Fen- 
wick  assented  to  the  justice  of  these  remarks,  and  professed 
to  be  quite  satisfied. 

1 4th.  Colonel  Freeman,  the  Auditor,  called  at  my  office  this 
morning  to  renew  the  recommendation  of  Judah  Lord  as  Con 
sul  or  Commercial  Agent  at  Porto  Rico.  He  also  enquired  for 
the  papers  which  he  had  left  relating  to  Clintock's  disclosures, 
and  which  the  President  took  with  him  to  Virginia.  He  has 
not  yet  returned  them.  I  wrote  to  him  this  day  for  them,  and 


rS2o.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  l^l 

requesting  his  determination  whether  anything  is  to  be  done  in 
the  case.  The  President  is  perplexed  between  the  sense  of  his 
duty  to  probe  this  matter  further  and  his  reluctance  to  expose 
the  Collector  of  Savannah,  a  man  married  to  the  daughter  of  one 
of  the  Georgia  Senators.  It  is,  in  theory,  one  of  the  duties  of 
a  President  of  the  United  States  to  superintend  in  some  degree 
the  moral  character  of  the  public  officers  who  hold  their  places 
at  his  pleasure.  But  the  difficulty  of  carrying  it  into  practice  is 
great,  and  the  number  of  instances  in  which  I  see  corruption 
of  the  deepest  dye,  without  being  able  to  punish  or  even  to  dis 
place  it,  is  among  the  most  painful  appendages  to  my  situation. 
There  are  numerous  indications,  amounting  in  my  mind  to  pre 
sumptive  proof,  that  this  Collector  of  the  port  of  Savannah 
was  part  owner  of  a  privateer  fitted  out  at  Savannah  to  cruise 
under  South  American  colors,  with  instructions  to  take  prizes 
of  Spanish  vessels  and  others — to  send  them  into  Savannah, 
and,  if  the  vessels  were  other  than  Spanish,  to  order  the  prize- 
master  to  personate  the  captain  of  the  vessel  taken,  and  make 
the  entry  at  the  Custom  House  under  that  name.  These  in 
structions,  Clintock  said,  were  in  the  handwriting  of  a  brother 
of  the  Collector.  The  privateer  took  the  Nordberg,  a  Danish 
vessel.  Ferguson,  the  man  executed  at  Baltimore  for  another 
crime,  carried  with  him  from  the  privateer  to  the  prize  false 
Spanish  papers,  and  made  a  pretence  of  finding  them  on  board 
the  Nordberg.  They  carried  this  vessel  into  Savannah,  there 
entered  her  with  her  real  papers  as  a  Danish  vessel,  and  Fer 
guson,  according  to  the  instructions,  personated  the  captain. 
She'was  entered  without  the  observance  of  regulations  required 
by  law  by  the  Collector.  Her  cargo  was  sold,  and  the  proceeds 
were  received  by  merchants  of  Savannah,  among  whom  was  the 
person  who  had  written  the  instructions — brother  of  the  Col 
lector.  The  ship  was  afterwards  libelled  for  the  United  States, 
and  afterwards  by  her  supercargo  for  the  owners.  The  super 
cargo  obtained  judgment  against  several  persons,  purchasers  of 
the  cargo,  and  compounded  for  what  he  could  get.  The  instruc 
tions  were  filed  in  Court  with  the  papers  of  the  case  ;  but  an 
other  of  the  brothers  was  the  Clerk  of  the  Court.  After  Clin- 
tock's  disclosure,  this  paper  was  searched  for  on  the  files  of  the 


1-2  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [June, 

Court,  and  was  not  to  be  found.  He  is  no  longer  Clerk  of  the 
Court.  The  annals  of  human  depravity  furnish  no  record  of  a 
baser  transaction,  and  the  presumption  is  violent  against  the 
Collector,  as  well  as  against  both  his  brothers,  of  being  involved 
in  the  guilt.  Yet  whether  even  an  enquiry  will  be  instituted 
is  doubtful.  Still  more  doubtful  is  it  whether,  if  instituted,  it 
will  terminate  in  the  punishment  of  the  guilty. 

1 5th.  I  was  employed  about  half  the  time  of  office-hours  in 
preparing  papers  to  be  sent  to  the  President,  and  the  remainder 
in  drafting  instructions  for  H.  Middleton.  These  will  require 
much  time  to  be  properly  prepared.  There  is  a  register  of 
public  officers  of  the  United  States  published  once  every  two 
years  by  a  resolution  of  Congress.  But,  as  changes  in  every 
department  are  happening  from  day  to  day,  I  find  myself  con 
tinually  embarrassed  to  know  who  are  and  who  are  not  in  office. 
I  this  day  directed  that  copies  of  the  last  register  should  be 
bound,  interleaved  with  blank  leaves,  upon  which  every  change 
happening  by  death,  resignation,  or  removal,  and  every  new 
appointment,  should  be  entered  as  soon  as  known.  Further 
improvements  to  methodize  this  part  of  the  business  of  the 
Department  are  to  be  thought  of.  Another  subject  upon  which 
I  wish  to  provide  for  the  future  is  the  collection  of  commer 
cial  information.  Under  a  resolution  of  the  Senate,  a  volume 
containing  a  digest  of  the  ^commercial  regulations  of  foreign 
nations  was  printed  last  year.  I  have  ordered  one  of  these 
volumes  to  be  sent  to  every  Minister  and  Consul  of  the  United 
States  abroad,  with  the  request  to  each  of  them  to  examine  the 
book,  and  to  collect  and  transmit  to  the  Department  any  further 
information  relating  to  the  subject  that  he  can  obtain  respecting 
the  country  where  he  is  stationed.  I  this  day  desired  Mr.  Bailey 
to  keep  a  memorandum-book  of  reference  to  all  the  communi 
cations  which  may  be  received  on  this  subject,  and  a  copy  of 
the  Digest,  interleaved  with  blank  leaves,  in  which  all  changes 
by  new  ordinances  of  foreign  countries  shall  be  minuted. 

1 6th.  Richard  Forrest  showed  me  this  day  a  letter  from  John 
Jacob  Astor,  dated  at  Rome  in  April.  He  wishes  that  a  hint 
may  be  given  to 'the  President  that  A.  Gallatin  may  not  be 
recalled  from  the  mission  to  Paris,  and  says  there  are  many 


1820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  j^ 

reasons  for  his  being  retained  there,  but  does  not  explain  them. 
Forrest  supposes  Astor  means  that  it  is  the  wish  of  Gallatin 
himself,  and  says  he  has  a  letter  from  another  gentleman,  but 
who  did  not  wish  his  name  to  be  known,  stating  explicitly  that 
it  is  Gallatin's  wish.  The  President  therefore  understood  very 
exactly  the  state  of  mind  in  which  Gallatin  wrote  the  letter  last 
winter  requesting  his  recall.  Gallatin  has  been  twelve  years 
Secretary  of  the  Treasury,  and  seven  years  a  Minister  abroad. 
His  foreign  nativity  was,  at  the  opening  of  Mr.  Madison's  Ad 
ministration,  the  insuperable  bar  to  his  obtaining  the  Depart 
ment  of  State,  and  thereby  cut  off  forever  his  prospects  of 
coming  to  the  Presidency.  There  is  now  no  place  at  home 
which  would  be  suitable  for  him  and  agreeable  to  him,  and  he 
would  live  contented  in  France  if  the  salary  would  defray  his 
unavoidable  expenses.  But  it  will  not;  and,  although  he  may 
remain  there  one  or  two  years  longer,  he  will  be  compelled  to 
return  by  want  of  means  to  remain.  This  condition  of  our 
Ministers  abroad  is  a  very  difficult  and  treacherous  one  as  re 
spects  themselves.  The  foreign  missions  are,  of  all  the  offices 
of  the  country,  the  most  coveted,  and  the  most  likely  to  ter 
minate  in  disappointment.  I  told  Forrest  that  Gallatin  would 
not  return  to  the  United  States  this  year,  and  advised  him  to 
send  Astor's  letter  to  the  President. 

1 7th.  Mr.  Roth  told  me  he  had  a  letter  from  the  Comte 
d'Artois,  addressed  to  the  President  and  members  of  the  Con 
gress  of  the  United  States,  announcing  the  death  of  the  Duke 
de  Berri,  and  enquired  whether  he  should  deliver  it.  His  in 
structions,  he  said,  seemed  to  make  it  questionable,  by  express 
ing  some  surprise  that  the  letter  from  the  King  announcing  the 
same  event  had  not  been  answered,  and  enquiring  whether,  by 
the  usage  of  this  country,  these  formalities  were  not  approved. 
I  told  him  the  only  reason  why  the  King's  letter  had  not  been 
answered  was,  that  it  had  not  been  received.  Mr.  De  Neuville 
had  told  me  he  had  such  a  letter,  but  that  he  purposely  avoided 
asking  an  audience  to  deliver  it,  perhaps  because  he  had  him 
self  officially  announced  the  event  before.  But  every  such  letter 
that  was  delivered  was  answered  ;  that  the  proper  direction  of 
such  letters  from  foreign  sovereigns  was  to  the  President  of  the 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUIXCY  ADAMS.  [June, 

United  States.  The  English  and  Spanish  Kings,  however,  ad 
dressed  their  letters  to  the  United  States  of  America.  To  that 
style  we  had  no  objection  ;  but  that  of  President  and  members 
of  the  Congress  was  an  anachronism  and  an  absurdity.  There  is 
no  President  of  the  Congress.  Roth  said  he  had  supposed  the 
letters  must  be  addressed  to  the  President  of  the  United  States, 
and  that  he  would  call  and  speak  with  me  at  the  office  about  it. 

1 9th.  The  two  sons  of  Mr.  Middleton — Arthur  and  John- 
called  this  morning  at  my  office  and  told  me  that  they  should 
embark  in  the  Albion  packet  from  New  York  for  Liverpool  on 
the  loth  of  next  month.  I  promised  to  be  prepared  before  that 
time  for  them  with  the  dispatches  for  their  father.  I  could, 
however,  make  no  time  for  the  preparation  of  his  instructions 
this  clay,  the  time  being  engrossed  by  writing  to  the  President, 
and  in  drafts  of  letters  to  Mr.  Correa,  the  Portuguese  Minister, 
and  to  Baron  Stackelberg,  the  Swedish  Charge  d'Affaires,  to  be 
sent  to  the  President  for  his  revisal. 

I  sent  him  also  a  draft  of  a  letter  to  E.  Glenn,  District 
Attorney  at  Baltimore,  calling  on  him  to  take  every  measure 
in  his  power  to  prevent  the  fitting  out  of  the  Portuguese  ship 
Montallegre  as  a  privateer,  which  Mr.  Correa  writes  is  now 
doing.  I  spoke  upon  this  subject  the  other  day  to  Mr.  Craw 
ford,  and  requested  him  to  write  about  it  to  the  Collector  at 
Baltimore,  McCulloch.  He  said  he  would,  but  that  it  would 
be  of  no  service  ;  that  McCulloch  ought  to  have  been  removed 
long  ago ;  that  the  old  man  was  perfectly  honest,  but  he  was 
such  an  enthusiast  in  favor  of  the  South  Americans  that  there 
could  be  no  reliance  upon  him  to  suppress  anything  that  he 
thought  would  help  their  cause.  I  replied  that  I  should  think, 
since  the  hanging  of  the  two  men  from  the  Irresistible,  he 
might  be  made  to  know  the  difference  between  South  Ameri 
can  patriotism  and  piracy.  Crawford  said  perhaps  he  might. 
I  write  now  to  the  President  requesting  that  instructions  may 
be  given  both  to  the  Collector  and  the  District  Attorney  to 
prevent  this  armament  of  the  Montallegre.  Crawford's  conduct 
upon  this  affair  of  the  piracies  is  among  the  profoundest  depths 
of  political  science.  On  the  question  about  hanging  the  miser 
able,  ignorant,  deluded,  and  abused  common  sailors  he  was  all 


iS20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  j-r 

decision  and  energy.  My  voice  was  against  hanging  any  but 
those  whose  cases  were  complicated  with  murder.  Crawford 
was  the  efficient  cause  of  hanging  Ferguson  and  Denny,  and 
was  for  hanging  two  at  Richmond,  until  Ritchie's  Enquirer 
newspaper  eloquence  brought  him  to  relent.  But  at  the  same 
time  Crawford  has  been  perfectly  cold  and  inefficient  in  taking 
measures  to  arrest  the  piratical  speculations.  He  does  nothing 
to  stimulate  the  Collector  to  the  performance  of  his  duty.  I 
believe  that  his  influence  contributed  to  make  Bland  the  Dis 
trict  Judge.  He  made  Webster  captain  of  the  revenue  cutter, 
knowing  that  within  half  a  year  before  he  had  been  a  lieutenant 
in  one  of  the  pirates.  His  conduct  with  regard  to  the  people 
at  Savannah  is  of  the  same  complexion.  So  it  is  with  regard  to 
the  slave  smuggler,  Mitchell.  In  all  this  there  is  neither  energy, 
nor  the  zeal  of  virtue,  nor  co-operation  to  put  down  a  crying  sin 
and  a  flagrant  shame.  I  have  only  to  be  true  to  my  own  duty. 

2Oth.  This  day  the  instructions  to  the  Marshals  for  taking  the 
census,  with  the  blank  forms,  were  dispatched  to  the  Marshal 
of  Louisiana,  being  one  of  the  most  distant  States.  They  bear 
date  on  this  day.  The  mail  is  twenty-five  days  going  between 
this  city  and  New  Orleans,  so  that  the  Marshal  of  Louisiana 
cannot  receive  the  instructions  earlier  than  the  i6th  of  July— 
so  that  he  will  have  only  a  fortnight  to  distribute  them  among 
his  assistants  throughout  the  State.  This  will  be  time  enough, 
but  will  leave  none  to  spare. 

Gales,  senior  editor  of  the  National  Intelligencer,  came  to 
ask  an  account  of  some  appointments  which  have  been  made 
and  have  not  yet  been  communicated  to  the  public.  In  this, 
as  in  many  other  parts  of  this  Government,  there  is  a  great 
defect  of  organization.  The  appointments  are  now  made  by 
nominations  proceeding  from  each  Department  of  the  Govern 
ment  separately.  The  commissions  issue  also  from  the  separate 
Departments,  and  there  is  no  one  place  where  the  names  of  all 
public  officers  can  be  found.  Gales  came  particularly  to  be 
informed  of  the  names  of  the  Commissioners  for  laying  out  the 
road  from  Wheeling  to  the  Mississippi.  This  road  is  to  be 
continued  by  an  Act  of  the  last  session  of  Congress,  and  ap 
pears  to  have  introduced,  sufficiently  for  practical  purposes,  the 


MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [June, 

principle  of  expending  public  moneys  upon  internal  improve 
ments.  The  reason  assigned  for  laying  out  this  road  is  to 
make  the  public  lands  more  valuable,  and,  as  the  Land  Office 
is  an  appendage  to  the  Treasury  Department,  the  road  and  all 
operations  concerning  it  are  also  under  its  management.  Mr. 
Crawford  had  a  plan  of  the  road  at  the  President's  the  day  that 
he  left  the  city,  and  told  me  that  although  the  law  required 
the  road  to  be  run  as  nearly  straight  as  possible,  he  should  see 
to  make  it  run  so  as  to  pass  through  the  seats  of  government 
of  the  three  States  of  Ohio,  Indiana,  and  Illinois. 

2 1 st.  Mr.  Poletica  called,  as  he  had  promised,  and  gave  me 
to  read  the  letter  from  Pozzo  di  Borgo  to  General  Tuyl.  It 
relates  to  the  recent  revolution  in  Spain  ;  to  the  differences  be 
tween  Spain  and  Portugal ;  to  the  situation  of  South  America ; 
to  the  interests  of  the  Portuguese-Brazilian  Government ;  and  to 
the  Emperor  Alexander's  favorite  system  for  the  preservation 
of  general  peace.  This  letter  speaks  in  terms  of  unqualified 
disapprobation  of  the  revolution  in  Spain,  considering  it  as  a 
revolt  of  subjects  and  of  soldiers  against  their  sovereign,  and 
the  sovereign  himself  as  acting  entirely  under  compulsion — 
a  prisoner  of  rebellion.  There  are  some  faint  remarks  upon 
the  indiscretions  of  Ferdinand's  government,  but  no  intimation 
of  a  doubt  whether  wickedness  and  tyranny  and  imbecility 
can  possibly  forfeit  an  hereditary  right  to  reign.  He  takes 
occasion  to  remark  that  this  state  of  things  ought  to  impress 
the  Brazilian  Government  more  than  ever  with  the  necessity 
of  harmonizing  with  Spain  upon  South  American  affairs ;  but 
cannot  avoid  foreseeing  that  it  accelerates  the  prospects  of 
independence  of  the  South  Americans. 

I  thanked  Mr.  Poletica  for  the  perusal  of  this  paper,  and  told 
him  I  was  not  surprised  at  the  light  in  which  he  viewed  the 
Spanish  revolution.  There  was,  however,  another  and  a  more 
favorable  point  of  view  in  which  the  same  event  was  to  be  con 
sidered,  and  which  it  was  natural  should  be  taken  here.  We 
considered  it  as  a  revolution  favorable  to  liberty,  and  hoped  it 
would  terminate  in  good  government  and  order.  It  has  fur 
nished  a  new  and  decisive  proof  that  autliority  can  no  longer 
stand  in  Europe  self-supported.  It  must  have  a  shield  as  well 


1 8 20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  l^ 

as  a  spear,  and  that  shield  can  be  no  other  than  the  hearts  of 
the  people.  There  was  great  danger  in  Spain  both  of  anarchy 
and  of  civil  war,  but  there  was  none  that  Spain  should  overflow 
upon  the  rest  of  Europe,  as  had  been  the  case  with  France. 

To  this  Poletica  assented,  but  he  spoke  with  caution  and 
reserve  upon  the  affairs  of  Spain.  He  disapproves  as  much  as 
his  colleague  at  Paris,  but  does  not  venture  so  strongly  to  ex 
press  his  disapprobation.  I  spoke  to  him  of  the  negotiation 
between  France  and  Buenos  Ayres  recently  divulged,  and 
found  him  still  more  unprepared  to  talk  of  that  than  of  Span 
ish  affairs ;  it  confirms  him,  however,  in  his  opinion  that  the 
South  Americans  are  not  competent  to  maintain  independent 
Governments. 

23d.  The  current  daily  business  of  the  office  has  hitherto 
prevented  me  from  finishing  the  instructions  to  H.  Middleton 
and  to  J.  M.  Forbes — both  of  which  have  been  commenced. 
Forbes  has  written  one  or  two  letters  from  New  York  urging 
to  have  his  immediately  forwarded.  I  took  them  up  yesterday, 
and  this  morning  found  it  necessary  to  read  over  all  the  papers 
relating  to  the  claim  upon  the  Government  of  Chili  for  prop 
erty  taken  from  American  citizens  by  Lord  Cochrane.  On  this 
examination  several  striking  coincidences  raised  in  my  mind  a 
doubt  whether  that  interest  in  Chili  ought  to  be  entrusted  to 
Prevost ;  and  another,  whether  some  notice  of  those  things 
which  look  unfavorably  to  the  character  of  Prevost  ought  not 
to  be  made  known  to  himself  and  enquired  into.  I  therefore 
wrote  to  the  President,  enclosed  to  him  all  the  papers,  and 
asked  his  attention  to  those  which  bear  especially  upon  Pre 
vost,  who,  with  more  ability  than  any  other  of  the  informal 
Agents  who  have  been  employed  in  South  America,  has  not 
escaped  the  common  error  of  making  himself  a  blind  partisan, 
not  only  to  their  struggle  for  independence,  but  to  their  internal 
feuds ;  and  in  the  case  of  these  plundering  outrages  of  Lord 
Cochrane  he  has  been,  to  say  the  least,  very  remiss  in  sup 
porting  the  rights  and  interests  of  his  countrymen.  Prevost  is 
a  special  favorite  of  the  President's,  and  I  am  aware  there  is 
some  delicacy  and  danger  in  presenting  these  facts  to  him  in  a 
manner  which  attaches  blame  to  him. 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [June, 

The  censorial  power  of  the  President  of  the  United  States 
over  the  moral  and  official  conduct  of  the  officers  appointed 
and  subject  to  removal  by  him,  is  one  of  those  the  exercise 
of  which  is  of  the  most  extreme  delicacy.  There  are  cases 
when  it  is  proper  to  mark  disapprobation  without  expressing 
it;  others  in  which  it  must  be  unequivocally  expressed,  and 
among  them  such  as  require  different  degrees  of  severity ; 
others,  finally,  which  demand  the  permission  to  resign,  or,  last 
of  all,  peremptory  removal.  In  the  discharge  of  this  most 
painful  and  ungracious  duty  the  President  seems  to  me  more 
governed  by  momentary  feelings,  and  less  by  steady  and  inflex 
ible  principle,  than  I  think  he  ought.  But  his  failing  leans  to 
virtue's  side.  He  is  universally  indulgent,  and  scrupulously 
regardful  of  individual  feelings.  He  is  perhaps  too  reluctant 
to  exercise  this  power  at  all.  He  rather  turns  his  eyes  from 
misconduct,  and  betrays  a  sensation  of  pain  when  it  is  pre 
sented  directly  to  him.  Whether  this  weakness,  as  it  appears 
to  me  to  be,  is  not  better  than  its  proximate  energy,  is  perhaps 
doubtful.  In  the  theory  of  a  President's  duties,  with  almost  as 
much  indulgence,  and  the  same  tenderness  for  the  feelings  of 
individuals,  I  should  look  for  a  little  more  vigilance  to  observe, 
and  a  little  more  rigor  to  control,  the  faults  of  Executive 
officers.  One  of  the  consequences  of  this  tendency  to  cen 
sorial  laxity  is  the  necessity  under  which  I  have  often  found 
myself,  of  presenting  to  the  President  cases  requiring  censure, 
and,  after  having  presented  them,  of  bringing  them  again  and 
again  before  him,  until  something  is  done  ;  for  whatever  he  con 
sents  to  do,  unless  it  is  to  be  executed  immediately,  he  never 
thinks  of  it  afterwards ;  and  in  the  way  of  censure  or  punish 
ment,  if  an  order  that  he  gives  should  not  be  executed,  I  doubt 
whether  he  would  ever  notice  it,  unless  by  having  it  again 
called  to  his  attention. 

26th.  I  was  employed  in  drafting  instructions  for  Mr.  Middle- 
ton,  and  upon  the  special  object  of  his  mission,  the  question 
between  the  United  States  and  Great  Britain  upon  the  con 
struction  of  the  first  article  of  the  Treaty  of  Ghent,  concerning 
slaves  and  other  private  property.  As  usual  for  the  prepara 
tion  of  almost  all  instructions,  there  was  a  considerable  number 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE,  l^g 

of  papers  which  I  was  obliged  to  look  up  and  peruse,  so  that  I 
wrote  very  little  of  the  draft.  It  is  a  singular,  and  I  apprehend 
will  prove  a  very  difficult  and  delicate,  negotiation.  During 
the  late  war,  the  British  naval  officers  stationed  in  our  waters 
and  who  landed  on  our  shores  received  all  the  runaway  slaves 
who  could  escape  to  them,  and  issued  proclamations  inviting 
them  to  join  them.  They  enlisted  numbers  of  them  among 
their  troops,  and  formed  one  or  two  regiments  of  them.  They 
also  took  numbers  of  them  prisoners  in  their  predatory  excur 
sions  into  the  country.  At  the  conclusion  of  the  treaty  of  peace 
the  British  Plenipotentiaries  agreed  to  the  article  stipulating  for 
the  restoration  of  all  places  taken,  without  carrying  away  any 
of  the  artillery  or  other  property  originally  taken  in  them  and 
remaining  in  them  at  the  time  of  the  exchange  of  ratifications, 
or  any  slaves  or  other  private  property.  Notwithstanding  this, 
they  actually  carried  away  many  hundred  slaves,  and  great 
numbers  of  them  within  the  whole  description  applied  by  the 
article  to  public  property,  namely,  slaves  who  had  not  been 
removed  from  the  places  where  they  were  originally  taken. 
When  Sir  Alexander  Cochrane  and  Admiral  Cockburn  were 
called  upon  after  the  peace  to  carry  this  article  into  effect,  they 
found  it  obliged  them  to  restore  to  their  masters  slaves  whom 
they  had  enticed  away  from  them  by  promises  of  freedom. 
They  therefore  set  forth  a  violent  and  unnatural  construction 
of  the  article  to  avoid  compliance  with  it,  refused  to  restore  the 
slaves,  and,  with  a  very  few  exceptions,  carried  them  all  away. 
Their  pretence  was,  that  the  clause  limiting  the  promise  not  to 
carry  away  public  property,  to  such  as  should  have  been  in  the 
places  taken  when  captured,  and  remain  there  at  the.  ratification 
of  the  treaty,  must  be  extended  also  to  slaves  and  other  private 
property.  They  changed  altogether  the  terms  of  the  article  to 
give  it  this  construction,  and  the  British  Government  have  per 
sisted  in  it.  After  a  thorough  discussion  of  the  subject,  first 
between  the  Commissioners  who  were  sent  by  the  American 
Government  to  receive  the  slaves  and  the  British  officers  who 
re/used  to  restore  them;  next  between  Mr.  Monroe,  when  Secre 
tary  of  State,  and  Anthony  St.  John  Baker,  the  British  Charge 
d'Affaires ;  and  finally  between  me  and  the  Lords  Liverpool, 


MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [June, 

Bathurst,  and  Castlereagh  in  England,  each  party  adhering  to 
its  own  construction  of  the  Article,  a  proposal  was  made  on  our 
part  that  the  question  should  be  submitted  to  the  decision  of 
some  friendly  sovereign  or  State.  To  this  the  British  Govern 
ment,  after  a  delay  of  two  years,  assented,  and  it  was  stipulated 
by  the  fifth  article  of  the  Convention  of  2Oth  October,  1818.  It 
has  since  been  agreed  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia  should  be 
the  umpire.  This  reference  of  a  question  upon  the  construc 
tion  of  an  article  of  a  treaty  to  a  third  party  is  unusual,  but  not 
unexampled;  though  there  is  something  whimsical  in  the  idea 
that  the  United  States  and  Great  Britain,  both  speaking  Eng 
lish,  should  go  to  the  Slavonian  Czar  of  Muscovy  to  find  out 
their  own  meaning,  in  a  sentence  written  by  themselves,  in  the 
language  common  to  them  both.  The  question  is  one,  however, 
not  of  language,  but  of  grammar,  or  rather  there  is  no  question 
at  all;  in  strictness  of  grammar  the  sentence  admits  of  no  other 
construction  than  that  for  which  we  contend.  In  the  looseness 
of  common  discourse  the  whole  sentence  might  be  carelessly 
spoken  with  the  meaning  for  which  the  British  insist,  but  not 
without  a  solecism.  The  plain  truth,  as  I  believe,  is  that  the 
British  Plenipotentiaries  at  Ghent  and  their  Government  agreed 
to  it  without  reflecting  upon  what  they  promised  by  it.  The 
stipulation  was  perfectly  just  and  proper,  and  their  difficulty 
about  carrying  it  into  execution  arose  from  the  preceding 
wrong  of  their  own  officers  in  enticing  away  the  slaves  by 
promises  of  freedom.  This  reference  of  the  question  is  a  sort 
of  drawing  lots  for  the  event.  It  gives  us  one  more  chance  for 
justice. 

28th.  Arthur  Middleton  came  for  a  paper  which  I  promised 
him,  being  a  copy  of  the  ordinance  of  the  Emperor  of  Russia 
concerning  the  privileges  of  foreign  Ministers  at  his  Court,  for 
the  admission  of  articles  free  from  duties.  This  paper  had  been 
transmitted  to  the  Department  by  William  Pinkney  when  he 
was  at  St.  Petersburg.  Last  week  I  had  promised  a  copy  of 
it  to  Middleton,  who  wanted  it  for  his  father,  and  desired  Mr. 
Brent,  the  Chief  Clerk,  to  look  it  up.  The  next  day,  when 
Middleton  came  for  it,  Brent  told  me  that  it  could  not  be  found. 
Certain  as  I  was  of  the  existence  of  the  paper,  I  requested  that 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  ^ 

a  more  earnest  search  should  be  made  for  it ;  but  when  Middle- 
ton  came  this  morning,  it  was  still  not  to  be  found.  I  was  then 
obliged  to  overhaul  the  whole  of  Pinkney's  correspondence  my 
self,  and,  after  a  search  of  an  hour  or  more,  found  the  paper. 
This  happens  to  me  almost  every  week,  and  is  among  the 
strongest  trials  of  my  patience.  It  results  from  the  want  of  a 
regular  method  of  keeping  the  papers  ;  or,  in  other  words,  from 
a  defective  organization  of  the  Department. 

I  was  yet  engaged  the  remnant  of  the  office-hours  in  pre 
paring  the  instructions  for  Mr.  Middleton,  and  particularly  in 
reviewing  our  controversy  with  Great  Britain  upon  the  construc 
tion  of  the  first  article  of  the  Treaty  of  Ghent.  I  found  upon 
re-examination  of  the  British  arguments  that  they  had  not  been 
all  replied  to.  Some  of  them  are  so  weak  and  sophistical  that 
one  feels  ashamed  to  answer  them  ;  others  are  plausible  and  in 
sidious;  and  there  is  a  tone  of  dogmatism  in  these,  as  in  most 
others  of  the  State  papers  of  the  British  Cabinet,  which  seems 
to  say,  If  you  will  take  this  for  reason,  well  and  good ;  if  not, 
you  must  put  up  with  it  as  you  can,  and  take  it  for  our 
will.  "  Stat  pro  ratione  voluntas."  As  I  proceed  with  the 
draft  of  the  instructions,  I  find  much  to  say,  and  views  of  the 
question  of  a  delicate  nature,  but  which  I  believe  must  be 
presented  to  the  Emperor.  The  Article  as  it  stands  is  not  sus 
ceptible  of  a  question,  and  the  British  cannot  make  one  without 
a  perversion  of  the  plainest  rules  of  grammar.  The  real  state 
of  the  case  was,  that  the  British  agreed  to  the  Article  without 
considering  what  it  bound  them  to.  They  had  carried  on  a 
dishonorable  war  by  stealing  and  debauching  slaves,  under 
promises  of  freedom.  They  signed  the  Article  promising  to 
carry  away  no  slaves,  without  adverting  to  its  operation  upon 
their  previous  promises  to  the  slaves,  and  when  summoned  to 
perform  their  engagement  they  endeavored  to  escape  from  it 
by  prevarication.  Now,  all  this  must  be  made  manifest  to  the 
Emperor  Alexander,  and  the  unprincipled  character  of  the  war, 
as  carried  on  by  the  British,  must  be  thoroughly  disclosed. 
How  and  at  what  time  to  do  this  will  be  a  consideration  re 
quiring  great  discretion  and  dexterity;  but  the  instructions  to 
Mr.  Middleton  ought  to  lay  open  the  subject  to  the  bottom. 


VOL.  V. —  II 


T62  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUJNCY  ADAMS.  [June, 

I  wrote  till  five,  and  suppose  I  have  yet  at  least  three  days 
more  of  work  upon  this  draft  before  it  can  be  finished. 

29th.  I  was  yet  engaged  upon  the  draft  for  Mr.  Middleton's 
instructions,  which  I  did  not  finish.  My  solicitude  upon  this 
subject  is  perhaps  too  great.  In  the  paper  that  I  am  preparing 
there  is  much  repetition  of  what  has  been  said  before,  and  much 
which  it  will  be  very  difficult  for  Middleton  to  say  at  all.  If 
the  Emperor  undertakes  to  decide  the  question  at  all  himself, 
what  he  will  require  will  be  a  very  concise  and  summary  state 
ment  of  the  question,  presented  in  a  striking  point  of  view. 
For  there  is  nothing  that  Emperors  and  Kings  loathe  so  much 
as  long  arguments.  On  the  other  hand,  all  those  who  have 
interests  of  property  in  litigation  insist  upon  having  everything 
said  for  them  that  can  be  said,  and  if  anything  alleged  by  the 
adversary  is  left  without  answer,  they  are  prone  to  attribute 
any  failure  of  their  cause  to  the  omission.  My  object  is  to  put 
Middleton  in  possession  of  the  whole  subject,  and  to  prepare 
him  with  answers  to  anything  that  has  been  said  on  the  British 
side ;  but  he  must  use  it  all  in  his  discretion,  and  must  abridge 
the  argument  in  presenting  it  to  the  Emperor  as  much  as  pos 
sible,  without  balking  the  merits  of  the  question. 

Day.  The  Emperor  Titus,  after  passing  a  day  in  which  he 
recollected  no  good  deed,  said  he  had  lost  a  day.  Enquiring 
upon  self-examination  how  many  days  of  my  life  have  passed 
which  I  could  with  a  clear  conscience  say  I  had  not  lost, 
another  question  occurs  of  what  may  properly  be  termed 
doing  good.  In  the  instance  of  the  Emperor  Titus,  I  suppose 
it  meant  acts  of  beneficence  to  individuals,  the  objects  and  the 
means  for  which  could  not  fail  to  recur  every  day  to  a  Roman 
Emperor.  To  a  person  in  private  life  the  object  must  occa 
sionally,  and  the  means  often,  fail.  In  my  station,  it  is  a  con 
stant  source  of  mortification  that  the  disproportion  of  the 
means  is  so  great  to  that  of  the  objects.  But  good  offices  and 
kindness  to  individuals  are  but  a  single  branch  of  the  duties  of 
doing  good.  In  the  relations  of  domestic  life,  and  in  those  of 
neighborhood,  there  are  continual  occasions  for  doing  good  or 
evil.  In  public  life  it  is  doing  good  to  serve  one's  country. 
And  genius  has  always  the  means  of  doing  good  to  all  man- 


iS2o.]  THE  'DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  l$* 

kind.  I  have  always  considered  it  my  duty  to  do  good  to 
the  utmost  of  my  power,  but  in  the  selection  and  employ 
ment  of  the  means  of  doing  it  I  have  not  been  successful 
according  to  my  wishes.  It  must  be  inspiration  from  above. 

July  5th.  At  the  office,  Pleasanton  came  concerning  the  set 
tlement  of  Captain  O'Brien's  account.  This  is  the  third  time 
that  O'Brien  settles,  and  he  certainly  will  make  application  to 
Congress  again.  The  system  of  our  Consular  establishment  in 
Barbary  has  always  been  bad,  and  was  formerly  worse  than  it 
is  now.  O'Brien  was  an  Irish  sailor,  who  had  got  to  be  master 
of  a  vessel,  the  first  taken  by  the  Algerines  under  the  American 
flag  in  1/85.  His  only  qualification  for  being  Consul  was  his 
having  been  ten  years  in  Algiers  as  a  slave.  He  took  part  in 
the  negotiation  of  our  first  peace  with  Algiers,  and  claims  great 
credit  for  it.  Cathcart  does  the  same,  and  both  with  little  cause. 
There  were  too  many  makers  of  that  treaty,  and  it  was  a  very 
bad  one.  O'Brien  was  then  sent  as  Consul,  and,  what  with 
annual  tributes  to  pay,  and  presents  to  make,  and  trading  spec 
ulations  with  Algerine  Ministers  and  Jew  brokers,  and  French 
and  Spanish  captures,  O'Brien  contrived  to  scatter  enormous 
sums  of  public  money,  and  to  open  an  inexhaustible  fountain  of 
claims  for  himself.  Cathcart  has  done  the  same,  and  they  will 
both  be  laying  siege  to  Congress  for  more  grants  and  allow 
ances  as  long  as  they  live.  Pleasanton  brought  me  this  morn 
ing  a  book  containing  a  full  settlement  of  O'Brien's  accounts 
in  1806,  when  every  charge  that  he  made  was  admitted;  not 
withstanding  which,  he  made  new  claims  and  obtained  a  new 
settlement  in  1808.  Last  summer  he  worried  a  further  allow 
ance  out  of  the  President.  He  has  now  got  an  Act  of  Congress 
that  will  give  him  about  ten  thousand  dollars  more ;  and  the 
next  session  he  will  be  at  them  again. 

8th.  Rode  to  the  office  a  little  before  noon,  and  was  occupied 
with  the  drafts  of  dispatches  to  Forbes  and  to  J.  B.  Prevost.  I 
was  unable  to  complete  them,  and  was  much  dissatisfied  with 
what  I  did.  I  found  no  small  difficulty  in  preparing  the  letter 
to  Prevost,  whose  conduct  has,  in  my  opinion,  been  very  ex 
ceptionable,  but  who  is  in  such  high  favor  with  the  President 
that  he  judges  of  him  more  indulgently  than  I  do.  My  duty 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QU1NCY  ADAMS,  [July, 

being  under  these  circumstances  to  convey  to  him  the  Presi 
dent's  sentiments  rather  than  my  own,  I  am  always  apprehen 
sive,  in  alluding  to  the  parts  of  his  conduct  which  I  think 
improper,  of  manifesting  the  displeasure  which  I  feel,  and  of 
touching  upon  them  with  a  hand  not  sufficiently  gentle.  The 
President  has  directed  that  the  affair  of  Lord  Cochrane's  cap 
ture  of  money  belonging  to  citizens  of  the  United  States  should 
be  specially  committed  to  Forbes;  that  Prevost  should  be  in 
formed  his  conduct  had  been  criticised,  and  that  a  copy  of  the 
intercepted  letter  concerning  him  should  be  sent  to  him.  Of 
the  authenticity  of  that  letter  I  myself  have  doubts ;  but,  even 
if  it  is  a  forgery,  written  with  the  express  purpose  of  injuring 
Prevost  here,  it  shows  too  much  knowledge  of  his  real  con 
duct,  and  tallies  too  well  with  his  own  letters,  to  leave  him 
altogether  justified.  Its  point  is,  that  it  extols  in  the  highest 
terms  of  commendation  that  which  was  in  reality  gross  mis 
conduct,  and  of  the  very  species  of  misconduct  which  Prevost 
has  not  been  scrupulous  of  charging  upon  Biddle  ;  though,  on 
the  other  side,  Biddle's  conduct  was  perhaps  indiscreet,  and 
not  entirely  disinterested.  But  he  turned  it  at  least  to  the 
account  of  his  countrymen,  for  whom  he  saved  and  rescued 
property  to  a  very  large  amount.  He  obtained  also  the  release 
of  many  citizens  of  the  United  States  who  were  prisoners. 
Prevost  has  never  saved  a  dollar  nor  obtained  the  release  of  a 
man.  And  in  the  case  of  the  property,  one  hundred  and  forty- 
five  thousand  dollars,  plundered  from  American  citizens  by 
Lord  Cochrane,  instead  of  espousing  and  maintaining  the  in 
terest  of  his  own  countrymen,  he  has  rather  taken  side  against 
them,  seizing  a  most  unsuitable  time,  in  the  very  letter  giving 
an  account  of  this  transaction,  to  pass  a  high  panegyric  upon 
that  swindling  robber.  There  is  something  disheartening  in 
all  our  correspondence  and  transactions  relating  to  South 
America.  We  have  done  everything  possible  in  their  favor, 
and  have  received  from  them  little  less  than  injury  in  return. 
No  satisfaction  has  been  obtained  from  them  upon  any  com 
plaint,  and  they  have  been  constantly  endeavoring  to  entangle 
us  with  them  and  their  cause.  Prevost  has  been  one  of  their 
dupes,  if  not  worse,  and  by  his  correspondence  has  contributed 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^5 

all  in  his  power  to  make  us  dupes  also.  I  am  curious  to  see 
how  he  will  account  for  this  letter  of  Guido. 

1 5th.  I  went  out  this  evening  in  search  of  conversation,  an 
art  of  which  I  never  had  an  adequate  idea.  Long  as  I  have 
lived  in  the  world,  I  never  have  thought  of  conversation  as  a 
school  in  which  something  was  to  be  learned.  I  never  knew 
how  to  make,  to  control,  or  to  change  it.  I  am  by  nature  a 
silent  animal,  and  my  dear  mother's  constant  lesson  in  child 
hood,  that  children  in  company  should  be  seen  and  not  heard, 
confirmed  me  irrevocably  in  what  I  now  deem  a  bad  habit. 
Conversation  is  an  art  of  the  highest  importance,  and  a  school 
in  which,  for  the  business  of  life,  more  may  perhaps  be  learnt 
than  from  books.  It  is,  indeed,  and  must  be,  desultory  and 
superficial ;  and,  as  a  school,  consists  more  in  making  others 
talk  than  in  talking.  Therein  has  been,  and  ever  will  be,  my 
deficiency — the  talent  of  starting  the  game.  A  man  who  has 
that  need  talk  but  little  himself.  When  once  the  ball  is  set  in 
motion,  it  will  roll,  and  in  considering  conversation  as  a  school, 
I  mean  it  as  a  school  to  learn,  and  not  to  teach. 

22d.  At  the  office,  I  wasted  much  time  by  inserting  a  list  of 
new  appointments  in  the  register  of  officers;  and  wrote  to  the 
Governor  of  Georgia  to  give  him  certain  explanations.  When 
he  applied  last  winter,  by  virtue  of  resolutions  of  the  Legisla 
ture  of  that  State,  for  the  holding  of  treaties  with  the  Creek 
and  Cherokee  Indians,  he  requested  that  General  Jackson  might 
be  appointed  one  of  the  Commissioners  on  the  part  of  the 
United  States.  He  was  not  appointed ;  the  reason  of  which 
I  believe  to  be  the  enmity  between  him  and  Crawford.  But 
the  reasons  assigned  to  me  by  Calhoun  were  two  :  first,  that 
Jackson  himself  had  earnestly  requested  not  to  be  employed 
again  as  a  Commissioner  to  treat  with  Indians  ;  and,  secondly, 
that  the  State  of  Mississippi  had  already  applied  for  his  ap 
pointment  to  treat  with  Indians  in  that  State,  which  had  been 
declined  for  the  same  reason.  I  wrote,  therefore,  to  Governor 
Clark,  assigning  these  reasons  for  the  non-appointment  of  Jack 
son.  A  few  days  since,  the  newspapers  announced  the  actual 
appointment  of  Jackson  as  a  Commissioner  to  treat  with  the 
Mississippi  Indians.  I  spoke  of  it  last  evening  to  Calhoun, 


MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [July, 

and  told  him  what  I  had,  upon  his  suggestion,  written  to 
Governor  Clark.  He  said  he  had  told  me  that  the  appoint 
ment  of  Jackson  on  the  Mississippi  application  was  withheld 
till  it  should  be  ascertained  whether  he  would  accept  it;  and,  as 
there  had  been  a  strong  solicitation  to  him  from  the  whole 
delegation  of  the  State  of  Mississippi,  he  had  very  reluctantly 
consented  to  serve  in  that  case.  An  explanation  from  me  to 
Clark  became  necessary,  for  which  purpose  I  wrote  to  him. 
This  whole  affair  of  negotiating  treaties  with  the  Creeks  and 
Cherokees  is  made  an  affair  of  violent  party  opposition  in  Geor 
gia.  Cobb,  the  member  of  the  House  of  Representatives  who, 
the  year  before  last,  brought  forward  the  resolutions  against 
Jackson,  last  winter,  after  getting  a  hint  from  Crawford  that 
a  message  from  the  President  to  Congress  founded  upon  Clark's 
application  would  go,  recommending  an  appropriation  to  hold 
those  treaties,  made  a  motion  in  the  House  to  the  same  effect, 
and  although  in  his  speech  he  told  the  House  that  he  under 
stood  such  a  message  would  come,  yet  he  afterwards  pub 
lished  his  speech  with  a  note  insinuating  that  the  Executive 
of  Georgia  had  neglected  to  transmit  the  resolutions  of  the 
Legislature  to  the  members  from  the  State  in  Congress,  and 
that  the  President's  message  had  been  got  up  in  consequence 
only  of  his  motion.  And  there  has  arisen  from  this  a  long 
newspaper  controversy,  not  yet  concluded,  to  whom,  Clark 
or  Cobb,  the  merit  of  obtaining  this  appropriation  belongs — 
all  which,  as  well  as  the  screening  of  Mitchell  and  others  from 
punishment,  and  the  appointments  of  Lacock  and  Matthew 
Lyon  and  numberless  others,  is  mingled  up  with  Crawford's 
pretensions  and  intrigues  for  the  next  Presidency. 

24th.  I  was  engaged  upon  the  draft  of  a  form  of  instruction 
for  Ministers  of  the  United  States  going  abroad.  The  docu 
ments  to  be  furnished  them — the  particulars  relating  to  their 
compensation — those  relating  to  the  keeping  and  transmission 
of  their  accounts,  and  to  the  mode  of  writing  their  dispatches, 
are  the  same  for  all ;  and  there  are  several  other  objects  upon 
which  it  has  occurred  to  me  that  standing  and  common  in 
structions  to  all  would  be  proper :  such  as  their  corresponding 
with  each  other;  their  deportment  to  the  sovereign  to  whom 


iS20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  jg^ 

they  arc  accredited,  and  to  the  Diplomatic  Corps  of  the  same 
Court;  their  relations  with  the  Consuls  of  the  United  States  in 
the  same  countries ;  their  duties  with  regard  to  granting  pass 
ports  ;  to  insist  upon  the  alternative  in  signing  treaties,  and  to 
decline  accepting  the  presents  usually  given  by  Kings  on  the 
conclusion  of  treaties  and  to  departing  Ministers.  I  have  in 
cluded  all  these  in  the  form  which  I  am  now  preparing,  and 
in  making  provision  to  furnish  them  with  a  set  of  the  United 
States  Laws,  Niles's  Register,  Wait's  State  Papers,  and  the 
Commercial  Digest,  lately  published,  have  appropriated  them 
to  the  missions,  and  added  an  instruction  to  furnish  any  sup 
plementary  information  that  they  can  collect  respecting  the 
commercial  regulations  of  foreign  countries.  Here  I  shall  stop 
for  the  present,  to  avoid  making  the  instructions  too  long,  and 
to  have  the  form  ready  for  use.  But  a  still  more  comprehen 
sive  set  of  standing  instructions  would,  I  have  no  doubt,  be 
useful,  and  may,  if  I  have  perseverance  to  pursue  the  plan, 
judgment  to  select  the  topics,  and  precision  to  concentrate  the 
thoughts,  be  engrafted  upon  it,  or  thrown  into  the  form  of  a 
separate  memoir. 

27th.  A  Mr.  Bestor  came  with  a  packet  of  papers,  addressed 
to  Mr.  Bailey,  brought  by  a  Mrs.  Cornell,  a  poor  widow  woman, 
just  arrived  from  Rhode  Island,  who  requested  that,  Mr.  Bailey 
being  absent,  I  would  open  the  packet.  It  contained  a  petition 
signed  by  several  persons  in  Rhode  Island  for  the  pardon  of  a 
youth  named  Cornell,  a  soldier  convicted  of  murder,  and  sen 
tenced  for  execution  the  28th  of  September  next;  a  statement 
of  his  case,  and  a  copy  of  the  proceedings  upon  his  trial ;  a 
certificate  from  his  commanding  officer,  importing  that  he  is 
underwitted ;  and  a  letter  from  two  lawyers,  who  were  his 
counsel,  to  Bailey,  recommending  the  case  to  him.  This  Mrs. 
Cornell  is  his  mother,  and  has  been  advised  to  come  here  to 
see  the  President  himself.  Bestor  said  she  wished  to  go  on 
to  his  seat  in  Virginia,  but  had  not  the  means.  I  told  him  it 
would  not  be  necessary,  nor,  in  my  opinion,  proper.  I  prom 
ised  to  transmit  the  papers  to  the  President  to-morrow,  and 
assured  him  that  the  President's  determination  upon  them 
would  be  the  same  as  if  Mrs.  Cornell  should  go  to  him  herself. 


j68  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [August, 

He  said  she  would  doubtless  wish  to  come  to-morrow  and  see 
me,  and  I  told  him  I  would  with  pleasure  receive  her.  I  wrote 
to  the  President,  enclosing  the  papers.  He  has  already,  upon 
applications  made  directly  to  him,  ordered  a  reprieve  for  a 
man  at  Alexandria,  convicted  of  murder,  and  sentenced  to  be 
executed  to-morrow — a  reprieve  for  twelve  months — upon  cer 
tificates  that  the  man  is  underwitted,  and  a  recommendation 
from  the  jurymen  who  convicted  him,  not  given  at  the  time, 
but  wormed  out  of  them  now  upon  this  new  device  of  idiocy. 
I  have  no  doubt  it  is  a  gross  imposition,  and  suspect  this  case 
of  Cornell  to  be  no  better.  They  dare  not  bring  forward  these 
pretences  at  the  trials,  because  they  would  then  be  disproved  ; 
but  the  moment  a  man  is  sentenced  to  die  for  these  offences 
that  strike  at  the  very  existence  of  human  society,  religion, 
humanity,  family  influence,  female  weakness,  personal  impor 
tunity,  pious  fraud,  and  counterfeit  benevolence  all  join  in  a 
holy  league  to  swindle  a  pardon  from  the  Executive.  The 
murderer  is  pumped  and  purged  into  a  saint,  or  certified  into 
an  idiot.  Fathers  and  mothers,  brothers  and  sisters,  travel 
hundreds  of  miles  to  work  by  personal  solicitation  upon  the 
kindly  feelings  of  the  President.  First  they  extort  a  reprieve, 
then  they  worry  out  indulgences,  and  finally  screw  out  a  par 
don.  A  pardon  for  wilful  and  deliberate  murder ! 

August  I  ith.  I  wrote  several  letters  concerning  the  collection 
of  the  State  laws  for  the  Department.  By  a  resolution  of  Con 
gress  of  23d  September,  1789,  it  is  made  the  duty  of  the  Secre 
tary  of  State  to  procure  from  time  to  time  such  of  the  statutes 
of  the  several  States  as  may  not  be  in  his  office.  This  resolu 
tion  has  never  been  carried  systematically  into  effect  The 
removals,  changes,  and  fires,  together  with  the  British  invasion 
in  1814,  and  the  want  of  system  in  the  administration  of  the 
Department,  had  reduced  its  library  almost  to  nothing.  There 
were  no  regulations  for  keeping  it ;  anybody  took  out  books 
from  it,  and  no  one  was  responsible  for  the  return  of  them. 
They  were,  accordingly,  all  in  broken  sets.  Mr.  Rush,  while 
acting  in  the  Department,  had  written  a  circular  requesting  the 
District  Attorneys  to  procure  and  forward  the  statutes  of  the 
several  States  where  they  resided,  which  some  of  them  had 


1820.1  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


169 


answered  and  some  had  not.  Until  the  new  offices  were  built, 
there  was  neither  library-room,  nor  shelves,  nor  librarian.  With 
the  view  of  introducing  a  better  order  of  things,  I  had  an  apart 
ment  laid  out  in  the  new  building,  to  which  the  office  was  last 
summer  transferred,  equal  in  extent  to  two  of  the  other  rooms, 
and  appropriated  it  to  the  library.  Shelves  were  procured  for 
putting  up  the  books.  I  charged  the  youngest  clerk  in  the 
Department,  Thruston,  with  the  custody  of  the  library,  and 
directed  him  to  let  no  book  go  out  without  a  minute  of  it  being 
made,  and  notice  given  to  the  person  taking  it  that  he  must  be 
responsible  for  its  return.  And  now  I  undertook  to  obtain  a 
collection  of  the  State  statutes.  I  wrote  last  November  a  cir 
cular  to  all  the  District  Attorneys,  requesting  each  of  them  to 
send  me  a  statement  of  every  edition  of  the  statutes  of  the 
State,  whether  in  the  colonial  condition  or  since  Independence, 
and  to  procure  and  send  me  a  copy  of  every  one  of  them  that 
could  be  obtained  at  a  moderate  price.  The  answers  have  been 
coming  in  from  time  to  time  ever  since,  and  there  are  three  or 
four  from  whom  no  answer  is  yet  received.  The  pressure  of 
other  business  has  made  it  impossible  for  me  to  attend  to  every 
letter  as  it  came  in.  I  have  now  a  collection,  almost  complete, 
of  the  statutes  of  the  States,  but  there  are  still  wanting  those 
of  Virginia,  North  Carolina,  Tennessee,  and  the  Territory  of 
Missouri,  and  those  of  several  other  States  are  yet  incomplete. 
To  keep  the  collection  complete  when  made,  we  must  receive 
from  twenty-four  States  and  two  Territories,  from  year  to  year, 
and  from  some  of  the  States  twice  a  year,  the  laws  passed  at 
every  session  of  the  Legislature.  To  effect  this,  I  wrote  last 
winter  a  circular  to  the  Governors  of  the  States,  requesting 
them  to  furnish  the  Department  with  a  copy  of  their  laws  from 
session  to  session,  and  suggesting  to  them  the  example  of 
Massachusetts,  which,  by  a  resolution  of  the  Legislature,  sends 
four  copies  of  its  laws — one  for  the  President,  one  for  each 
House  of  Congress,  and  one  for  the  library  of  Congress.  Some 
of  the  Governors  have  complied,  others  have  taken  no  notice 
of  my  letter;  and  as  the  Governors  of  the  States  themselves  are 
changing  from  year  to  year,  and  the  successor  will  probably 
have  no  knowledge  of  my  letter  to  his  predecessor,  this  expe- 


17Q  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [August, 

dient  will  not  answer  the  purpose.  I  this  day  bethought  my 
self  of  writing  a  circular  to  the  official  printer  of  the  State  laws 
in  every  State,  requesting  him  to  furnish  one  copy  of  the  stat 
utes,  from  session  to  session,  and  I  made  a  draft  of  such  a  cir 
cular.  The  District  Attorneys  of  Virginia  had  suspended  the 
execution  of  my  orders  to  procure  the  respective  statutes,  and 
in  January  had  written  letters  asking  explanations  of  my  first 
letter.  When  theirs  were  received,  I  was  driven  by  other  more 
urgent  business  from  immediately  replying,  and  laid  by  their 
letters  for  a  moment  of  leisure,  which  I  have  not  found  till  this 
day.  I  now  replied  to  them.  It  also  occurred  to  me  as  neces 
sary  to  draw  up  a  letter  of  instruction  to  Thruston,  as  keeper 
of  the  library.  This  will  require  more  leisure. 

1 2th.  At  the  office,  I  pursued  the  subject  of  examining  the 
State  statutes  collection,  which  I  found  yet  very  imperfect  and 
wanting  arrangement.  There  was  a  hunt  of  an  hour  or  two 
for  books  and  letters  which  I  wanted  and  which  were  not  to 
be  found.. 

1 9th.  I  had  a  large  mail,  and  consequently  wrote  only  part 
of  a  letter  to  the  President.  It  was  upon  the  affair  at  Savannah, 
an  affair  upon  which  I  scarcely  dare  trust  myself  to  think.  The 
delays  and  hesitation  of  the  President  and  the  connivance  of 
Crawford  in  regard  to  these  most  infamous  transactions  have 
forced  me  to  push  the  subject  again  and  again.  Two  of  the 
parties,  one  of  whom  is  the  Collector  of  the  port  of  Savannah, 
have  against  them  the  most  violent  presumptive  evidence  of 
having  committed  crimes  punishable  with  death.  The  third 
has  strong  presumptive  evidence  against  him  of  misprision  of 
the  same  crimes.  But  one  of  them  has  been  a  Senator  of  the 
United  States,  and  another,  the  Collector,  married  the  daughter 
of  the  present  Senator  Elliot ;  they  are  all  men  of  consequence 
in  the  State  of  Georgia,  and  open  standing  puffers  of  Crawford's 
pretensions  to  the  Presidency.  It  sickens  me  to  the  heart  to 
be  forced  to  act  in  this  case ;  but  a  duty  paramount  to  every 
other  consideration  urges  me,  and  I  will  not  shrink  from  it. 

2 1  st.  The  Abbe  Correa,  Portuguese  Minister,  called  upon  me 
this  morning,  just  returned  from  a  visit  in  Virginia  to  Messrs 
Jefferson  and  Madison  and  the  President.  I  had  much  con- 


iSjo.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  ljl 

vcrsation  with  him  upon  our  differences  with  Portugal,  which 
arise  principally  from  the  piratical  depredations  committed 
upon  Portuguese  commerce  and  subjects  by  vessels  armed 
and  fitted  out  in  our  ports,  cruising  under  the  flag  of  Artigas. 
He  was  moderate  in  his  tone  of  complaint,  and  professed  to 
be  satisfied  with  the  assurances  I  gave  him  of  my  own  earnest 
desire,  and  the  disposition  of  the  President,  to  put  down  these 
practices.  He  will,  however,  write  to  me  on  the  subject. 

25th.  I  now  sit  down,  the  moment  after  rising,  to  my  task,1 
in  which  I  write  slowly,  with  great  difficulty,  and  much  to  my 
own  dissatisfaction.  My  division  of  my  subject  remains  as  I 
struck  it  out  on  first  beginning  the  report  three  years  since. 
But  my  plan  and  many  of  my  opinions  vary  as  I  write.  My 
views  of  the  subject  multiply.  Different  aspects  present  them 
selves  of  the  same  materials.  I  approve  and  disapprove  of 
the  new  French  system.  I  admire  its  design  and  the  spirit 
and  perseverance  with  which  it  has  been  pursued.  I  think  it 
erroneous  in  some  of  its  principles  and  impracticable  in  many 
of  its  provisions.  The  enquiry  into  natural  standards  has  led 
me  into  speculations  which  by  many  may  be  thought  "ridicu 
lous  or  absurd.  I  am  going  into  a  commentary  upon  the 
old  English  statutes  relating  to  weights  and  measures,  which 
will  be  dry  and  tedious,  and  am  in  constant  danger  of  con 
suming  the  little  time  left  me  for  preparing  the  report  without 
being  ready  for  it  at  the  next  meeting  of  Congress. 

28th.  The  Abbe  Correa  had  sent  to  ask  a  conference  with 
me  concerning  his  proposal  that  we  should  appoint  Commis 
sioners  to  enquire  into  the  captures,  by  armed  vessels  fitted  out 
in  our  ports,  of  Portuguese  vessels  and  cargoes.  I  appointed 
to-morrow  at  two  o'clock  to  see  him. 

29th.  The  Abbe  Correa  came  according  to  appointment,  and, 
in  a  conference  of  about  an  hour,  urged  the  proposal  which 
he  had  made  in  a  note  for  the  appointment  of  Commissioners 
to  ascertain  the  amount  of  Portuguese  property  taken  by  pri 
vateers  armed,  fitted  out,  and  manned  in  ports  of  the  United 
States  and  sailing  under  the  flag  of  Artigas.  I  stated  to  him 
the  objections  that  there  would  be  to  the  appointment  of  such 

i  The  report  on  weights  and  measures  called  for  by  Congress. 


Iy2  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.       [September. 

Commissioners  to  perform  duties  already  assigned  to  our  judi 
cial  tribunals.  He  had  no  confidence  in  our  judges.  He  was 
perfectly  satisfied  with  the  dispositions  of  the  Executive,  but 
the  nation  must  be  answerable  to  others  for  the  acts  of  its 
people.  These  depredations  had  excited  great  resentment 
among  the  Portuguese,  which  others  (the  English)  were  always 
ready  to  inflame.  I  told  him  they  had  the  same  complaint 
against  others  as  against  us.  The  pirates  were  of  all  nations. 
He  said  the  same  complaints  had  been  made  to  England,  who 
had  given  ample  satisfaction.  They  had  hung  some  of  the 
pirates,  and  did  not  admit  the  Artigas  flag  into  their  ports.  I 
finally  told  him  that  the  President  would  decide  upon  the  pro 
posal  after  full  deliberation — probably  not  until  after  his  return 
to  this  city,  and  upon  consultation  with  the  members  of  the 
Administration.  I  should  then  answer  his  note.  He  said  he 
must  embark  for  Brazil  in  the  course  of  next  month,  but  should 
present  Mr.  Amado  to  me  as  Charge  d'Affaires,  and  my  answer 
might  be  addressed  to  him. 

September  ist.  The  Abbe  Correa  came  and  took  leave.  He 
goes  to-morrow  to  Wilmington  and  to  Philadelphia,  if  the 
yellow  fever,  of  which  there  have  been  three  or  four  cases 
there  almost  every  day  these  five  or  six  weeks,  should  disap 
pear.  The  Abbe  has  been  many  years  in  this  country,  first 
as  a  fugitive  from  the  fangs  of  the  Inquisition,  and  afterwards 
as  Minister  Plenipotentiary,  which  he  has  been  these  four  or 
five  years.  He  is  now  seventy  years  of  age,  and  is  yet  full  of 
spirits,  vivacity,  and  wit.  He  is  among  the  men  I  have  known 
one  of  the  most  entertaining  conversation.  His  political  situa 
tion  here  for  the  last  two  years  has  been  unpleasant — continu 
ally  remonstrating  against  the  Baltimore  piracies  under  Artigan 
colors,  and  hitherto  with  little  success.  The  Abbe  is,  appar 
ently,  well  satisfied  with  the  prospect  of  going  to  a  comfortable 
office  in  Brazil. 

2d.  My  occupation  absorbs  my  attention  to  such  a  degree 
that  I  this  morning  gave  a  signal  example  of  my  carelessness. 
At  the  office  I  found  a  note  from  my  old  classmate  at  college, 
W.  A.  Barren,  who  is  a  captain  of  engineers  in  the  army,  men 
tioning  that  he  had  called  to  see  me,  but  without  saying  where 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE,  j^ 

he  was  to  be  found.  I  conclude  he  was  merely  passing  through 
the  city.  I  wrote  letters  to  R.  Rush,  and  to  a  Mr.  Wolf  at  Phila 
delphia,  and,  having  gone  into  the  library  to  consult  some  books, 
was  there  so  late  that  the  watchman  to  the  building,  thinking 
me  gone,  locked  me  in.  It  was  past  six  o'clock  when  I  got 
home  to  dinner. 

5th.  I  received  a  dispatch  of  I4th  July  from  A.  Gallatin; 
after  Mr.  Hyde  de  Neuville  had  arrived  in  Paris.  Gallatin  en 
closes  a  copy  of  a  very  able  note  that  he  had  sent  to  Baron 
Pasquier,  the  French  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs,  concerning 
the  tonnage  duty  upon  French  vessels  coming  into  the  ports  of 
the  United  States,  laid  at  the  last  session  of  Congress,  but  he 
complains  that  the  measures  of  Congress  which  he  had  recom 
mended  were  not  adopted,  but  others  more  irritating  to  France, 
and  also  that  his  letters  were  published.  The  law  of  Congress 
was  certainly  a  blister,  and  his  letters  were  not  oil  to  soften 
its  application.  The  commencement  of  the  law  was  fixed  too 
soon,  and  the  duty  was  too  high.  But  France  had  been  so 
sluggish  and  so  deaf  to  friendly  representations  that  it  was 
necessary  to  awaken  her  by  acts  of  another  tone. 

7th.  W.  Lee  came  with  a  letter  from  M.  M.  Noah,  editor  of 
the  New  York  Advocate,  a  Jew,  who  was  once  Consul  at  Tunis, 
recalled  for  indiscretions,  and  who  has  published  a  Book  of 
Travels  against  Mr.  Madison  and  Mr.  Monroe.  He  has  great 
projects  for  colonizing  Jews  in  this  country,  and  wants  to  be  sent 
as  Charge  d'Affaires  to  Vienna  for  the  promotion  of  them.  He 
is  an  incorrect,  and  very  ignorant,  but  sprightly  writer,  and  as 
a  partisan  editor  of  a  newspaper  has  considerable  power.  He 
urges  with  great  earnestness  his  merits  in  supporting  the  Admin 
istration,  as  a  title  to  the  President's  favor.  He  is,  like  all  the 
editors  of  newspapers  in  this  country  who  have  any  talent,  an 
author  to  be  let.  There  is  not  one  of  them  whose  friendship 
is  worth  buying,  nor  one  whose  enmity  is  not  formidable. 
They  are  a  sort  of  assassins  who  sit  with  loaded  blunderbusses 
at  the  corner  of  streets  and  fire  them  off  for  hire  or  for  sport 
at  any  passenger  whom  they  select.  They  are  principally  for 
eigners  ;  but  Noah  is  a  native.  He  is  salaried  at  a  low  rate  by 
the  Anti-Clintonian  Tammanies  at  New  York  to  keep  up  a 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.        [September, 

constant  fire  against  his  Administration  ;  and  Noah  pretends 
that  this  is  serving  the  General  Government,  because  Clinton  is 
a  standing  Presidential  candidate  and  carries  on  an  insidious 
war  against  Mr.  Monroe. 

9th.  At  the  office  I  wrote  to  the  President,  and  also  to  T.  B. 
Wait  at  Boston,  concerning  the  printing  of  the  secret  journals 
of  the  old  Congress.  Perhaps  a  fourth  part  of  the  manuscripts 
containing  the  secret  journals  consist  of  proceedings  which 
were  published  in  the  public  journals  at  the  time.  They  are 
marked  in  the  margin  of  the  manuscript  volumes  with  a  P. 
The  terms  of  the  resolutions  of  Congress  being  to  publish 
only  the  secret  journals,  I  had  directed  that  in  copying  the 
manuscripts  all  the  parts  marked  with  a  P.  should  be  omitted. 
But  when  I  came  to  examine  the  copy  I  found  that  many  of 
those  parts  were  so  essentially  connected  with  the  secret  part 
that  it  would  scarcely  be  intelligible,  especially  as  the  old  public 
journals  are  quite  out  of  print.  I  have  had  copies  made,  there 
fore,  of  the  omitted  parts  of  the  manuscript  I  am  now  forward 
ing  to  Wait ;  but  that  has  already  taken  eight  or  ten  sheets  of 
paper.  I  then  took  up  one  of  the  volumes  the  manuscript  of 
which  has  already  been  sent  to  Wait,  to  make  reference  to  the 
dates  and  pages  of  the  old  printed  journals,  from  which  I  shall 
direct  him  to  take  them,  and,  after  spending  the  best  part  of 
two  days  upon  it,  I  have  reached  only  the  year  1/78  of  the 
foreign  volume.  It  would  be  the  drudgery  of  at  least  a  fort 
night  ;  and  I  cannot  spare  the  time.  I  shall  give  it  over  to 
Mr.  Brent;  but  he  was  absent  this  day  from  the  office. 

1 8th.  I  took,  by  the  President's  directions,  two  sets  of  papers 
to  Mr.  Wirt — one  of  them  a  complaint  from  the  Spanish  Min 
ister,  General  Vives,  against  Captain  Trenchard  of  the  Cyane, 
for  taking  a  Spanish  slave-trader,  and  the  other  the  papers 
implicating  persons  at  Savannah.  Wirt  told  me  he  was  going 
the  day  after  to-morrow  for  West  Point,  to  place  his  son  at  the 
military  academy  there.  He  also  showed  me  papers  that  he 
had  received  from  Mr.  Jones,  the  Chief  Clerk  in  the  Treasury 
Department,  in  the  absence  of  Mr.  Crawford.  It  has  been  ad 
vertised  that  the  last  instalment  of  the  Louisiana  loan  would 
be  paid  on  the  2Oth  of  October  next  The  case  is,  that  the 


1820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  l^ 

revenue  has  fallen  so  far  short  that  there  is  not  money  in  the 
Treasury  to  make  the  payment.  Jones,  in  Crawford's  absence, 
stated  the  fact  to  Cheves,  President  of  the  United  States  Bank, 
enquiring  whether  the  bank  would  make  the  payment  for  the 
Government.  The  bank  are  willing,  but  an  article  of  their 
charter  prohibits  them  from  loaning  money  to  the  Government 
beyond  half  a  million  without  an  Act  of  Congress.  Cheves 
presents  a  plan  by  which  the  bank  will  furnish  the  money,  and 
take  the  stock,  in  a  form  that  should  not  in  law  have  the  effect 
of  a  loan  to  the  Government  or  of  a  purchase  of  the  stock,  but 
which  shall  in  substance  be  both.  He  then  sends  this  plan  to 
W.  Pinkney,  of  Baltimore,  for  his  opinion  whether  it  is  feasi 
ble.  Pinkney  gives  his  opinion  upon  the  whole  that  it  is — in 
law.  Cheves  sends  the  case,  with  the  project  of  the  bank  and 
the  opinion  of  Pinkney,  to  Jones,  requesting  that  the  opinion  of 
the  Attorney-General  may  also  be  taken  upon  it.  Wirt  ex 
pressed  much  surprise  that  an  affair  of  this  importance  should 
be  left  to  be  transacted  by  a  clerk ;  that  Crawford,  when  he 
left  this  city  on  the  1st  of  August,  should  not  have  known  of 
this  defalcation  of  the  revenue  ;  or,  if  he  knew  it,  should  neither 
have  made  provision  for  meeting  the  emergency,  nor  commu 
nicated  it  to  the  other  Commissioners  of  the  -sinking  fund.  I 
was  surprised  at  it  too.  I  thought,  and  told  Crawford  last 
winter,  that  the  deficiency  of  the  revenue  would  be  more  than 
three  millions.  He  might  just  as  easily  have  obtained  authority 
to  borrow  five  ;  but  he  did  not  expect  to  want  more  than  three, 
and,  under  the  authority  given  him  by  a  law  to  borrow  that 
sum,  he  has  yet  actually  borrowed  only  two.  I  concluded  that 
Jones  had  given  notice  of  this  state  of  things  to  the  President, 
and  that  this  was  one  of  the  occasions  of  his  coming  at  this 
time  to  the  city.  On  returning  home,  I  received  a  message 
from  him  informing  me  that  he  had  arrived  and  would  be  glad 
to  see  me  to-morrow  morning. 

1 9th.  I  went  to  the  President's,  where  I  found  Mr.  Wirt.  He 
had  brought  the  papers  concerning  the  proposed  accommoda 
tion  to  be  furnished  by  the  Bank  of  the  United  States  to  the 
Government ;  but  the  President  had  not  heard  before  one  word 
of  the  deficit  in  the  revenue.  His  motives  for  coming  here 


!^6  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN  QU1NCY  ADAMS.        [September, 

were  principally  relating  to  the  state  of  our  foreign  affairs,  and 
chiefly  with  regard  to  Portugal  and  France.  I  had  a  conversa 
tion  of  nearly  three  hours  with  him  upon  these  points,  which  it 
is  impossible  for  me  to  record  in  detail.  With  regard  to  Portu 
gal,  he  seemed  inclined  to  ascribe  the  hostile  aspect  of  our  re 
lations  with  her  in  a  great  measure  to  the  ill  will  of  the  Abbe 
Correa,  to  whom  he  imputed  motives  not  very  laudable.  The 
Abbe  has  been  upon  a  visit  to  Mr.  Jefferson,  to  whom  he  talked 
so  much  about  an  American  system,  in  which  his  Government 
and  ours  should  be  united,  and,  by  concert  with  the  European 
powers,  should  agree  to  keep  the  coasts  of  this  hemisphere 
clear  of  pirates,  on  condition  that  they  should  sweep  the  seas 
of  the  Eastern  Hemisphere  clear  of  Barbary  pirates,  that  Mr. 
Jefferson  had  been  disposed  to  favor  the  project,  and  thought  it 
might  be  carried  into  effect,  so  that  our  squadron  might  be  with 
drawn  from  the  Mediterranean.  The  President  said  he  had  ob 
served  to  the  President  (Mr.  Jefferson)  that  an  American  system 
upon  that  plan  would  be  an  alliance  between  the  United  States 
and  Portugal  against  the  South  American  independents,  which 
was  hardly  reconcilable  with  any  just  view  of  our  policy;  and 
this  was  certainly  true.  I  added  that  the  Abbe  had  more  than 
once  broached  this  subject  of  an  American  system  to  be  con 
certed  between  the  two  great  powers  of  the  Western  Hemi 
sphere,  meaning  the  United  States  and  Portugal.  I  had  never 
disturbed  the  Abbe  in  his  romancing ;  but  Portugal  and  the 
United  States  are  the  two  great  American  powers  much  as  a 
jolly-boat  and  the  Columbus  are  two  great  line-of-battle  ships; 
and  as  to  an  American  system  independent  of  Europe,  Portugal 
is  neither  American  nor  independent.  So  long  as  Portugal 
shall  recognize  the  House  of  Braganza  for  her  sovereign,  so 
long  the  House  of  Braganza  will  be  European,  and  not  Ameri 
can — a  satellite,  and  not  a  primary  planet.  As  to  an  American 
system,  we  have  it ;  we  constitute  the  whole  of  it ;  there  is  no 
community  of  interests  or  of  principles  between  North  and 
South  America.  Mr.  Torres  and  Bolivar  and  O'Higgins  talk 
about  an  American  system  as  much  as  the  Abbe  Correa,  but 
there  is  no  basis  for  any  such  system.  The  President  said 
Mr.  Jefferson  had  told  the  Abbe  that  as  to  the  appointment  of 


1820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE. 

Commissioners  to  try  the  captures  of  Portuguese  property  by 
Baltimore  pirates,  it  was  out  of  the  question — there  could  be 
no  such  thing;  that  the  Abbe  had  been  exceedingly  irritable, 
and  talked  under  very  high  excitement,  for  which  Mr.  Jefferson 
could  not  account. 

I  said  that  in  his  communications  with  .me  here  the  Abbe  had 
been  mild  and  moderate  ;  that  I  believed  the  subject  was  very 
disagreeable  to  him,  and  that  he  was  very  glad  to  be  relieved 
from  all  further  agency  relating  to  it.  But  I  had  no  difficulty 
in  accounting  for  his  excitement  and  irritability.  The  Portu 
guese  property  taken  by  the  pirates,  notoriously  and  openly 
fitted  out  at  Baltimore,  officered  and  manned  by  our  own  people, 
was  enough  to  make  any  man  in  his  situation  irritable.  The 
sufferers,  of  course,  immediately  resorted  to  their  Government, 
and  the  Government,  by  their  instructions,  to  him.  It  was  my 
opinion  that  Portugal  had  real  grounds  of  complaint  against  us, 
and  that  if  the  case  had  been  reversed,  and  we  had  suffered  in 
the  same  way  and  to  the  same  extent  by  her  people,  we  should 
have  declared  war  against  her  without  hesitation.  War  was 
not  to  be  dreaded  from  her;  she  had  too  strong  an  interest 
against  it ;  but  she  might  assail  us  by  commercial  regulations 
and  restrictions,  and  the  Abbe  had  told  me  she  infallibly  would. 

The  President  wished  me  to  write  to  the  Abbe  and  call  for 
his  proofs  against  the  naval  officers  and  judges  of  the  United 
States  whom  he  has  denounced,  and  also  his  proofs  in  all  the 
cases  of  Portuguese  vessels  captured  by  Baltimore  pirates. 
He  said  if  there  was  proof  against  any  of  our  naval  officers 
they  ought  to  be  dismissed,  and  if  against  any  of  the  judges 
it  should  be  laid  before  Congress.  With  regard  to  France,  he 
thought  that,  notwithstanding  the  resentment  of  France  at  our 
late  tonnage  duty,  the  French  Government,  after  satisfying  their 
own  pride,  will  conclude  to  negotiate.  He  wished  me,  there 
fore,  to  draw  up  instructions  for  Mr.  Gallatin  upon  all  the  points 
in  discussion  between  the  two  countries — the  discriminating 
tonnage  duties,  direct  and  indirect;  the  Consular  Convention; 
the  delivery  of  deserting  manners ;  the  claims  of  our  citizens 
upon  the  French  Government ;  and  a  claim  on  the  part  of 
France  of  special  privileges  in  Louisiana. 
VOL.  v. — 12 


If  8  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [September, 

I  asked  him  on  what  principles  the  instructions  upon  each 
of  these  points  were  to  be  drawn.  I  told  him  what  I  supposed 
would  be  the  proposals  of  France  on  the  tonnage  duties;  that 
is,  that  the  duties  on  both  sides  should  be  so  proportioned  that 
each  party  should  have  half  the  shipping  employed  between 
them.  I  stated  their  argument  upon  it — that  upon  equal  terms 
they  cannot  stand  a  competition  with  us  in  navigation,  and  that 
the  advantages  which  our  navigators  have  over  theirs  must  in 
some  manner  be  countervailed,  to  enable  them  to  have  their 
just  proportion  of  the  carrying  trade.  He  said  he  thought 
there  was  weight  in  it.  But,  I  observed,  I  did  not  see  how  we 
could  possibly  assent  to  the  principle.  We  had  offered  to  all 
the  world  entire  reciprocity.  Great  Britain  and  several  other 
nations  had  accepted  the  proposal.  France  now  called  upon 
us  to  agree  to  be  clogged,  in  order  to  enable  her  people  to  hold 
competition  with  us.  If  we  should  assent,  our.  own  people 
would  first  be  dissatisfied,  and  next,  all  the  nations  with  which 
we  have  stood  on  terms  of  reciprocity.  We  should  have  clamor 
and  discontent  from  all  quarters.  As  to  the  Consular  Conven 
tion,  that,  with  France,  was  an  affair  of  state.  She  wanted,  by 
means  of  Consular  jurisdictions,  to  retain  all  her  power  over 
Frenchmen  in  this  country.  The  operation  of  the  system  was 
always  odious  here.  The  old  Congress  had  refused  to  ratify 
the  Convention  which  had  been  negotiated  by  Dr.  Franklin. 
Mr.  Jefferson  finally  signed  one  with  the  Comte  de  Montmorin, 
which  was  the  most  unpopular  treaty  ever  made  by  us.  It  gave 
constant  dissatisfaction  while  it  lasted,  and  would  be  no  less 
disapproved  if  now  renewed. 

The  President  thought  it  would  be  best  to  keep  the  subjects 
separate,  and  to  postpone  the  matter  of  the  Consular  Conven 
tion  ;  that  we  should  agree  to  the  article  for  restoring  desert 
ing  seamen,  and  persist  in  rejecting  the  claim  of  privilege  in 
Louisiana.  With  regard  to  the  claims  of  our  citizens,  as  there 
will  be  no  prospect  of  obtaining  any  indemnity  for  them  at  pres 
ent,  Mr.  Gallatin  should  be  instructed  to  endeavor  to  obtain 
an  article  stipulating  that  they  shall  be  considered  hereafter. 
On  returning  to  my  office,  I  began  the  draft  of  instructions  to 
Mr.  Gallatin. 


1 820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


1/9 


2Oth.  I  took  to  the  President  three  dispatches  received  this 
morning  from  A.  Gallatin — the  last  subsequent  to  the  two 
retaliatory  ordinances  of  France  of  26th  July.  They  show  such 
a  change  in  the  aspect  of  affairs,  that  the  draft  of  instructions 
which  I  began  yesterday  will  no  longer  suit.  I  mentioned  to 
the  President  the  substance  of  the  dispatches,  and  left  them 
with  him.  The  first  of  the  two  ordinances  is  a  retaliatory 
duty  of  ninety  francs  a  ton  upon  American  vessels  entering 
French  waters  laden.  The  other  gives  a  bounty  of  ten  francs 
per  hundred  kilogrammes  upon  cotton  brought  in  French  ves 
sels  from  any  part  of  the  two  Americas.  The  objects  of  this 
are  to  obtain  a  supply  of  cotton  for  their  manufactures,  to  invite 
evasions  of  our  French  tonnage  duty,  and  to  give  a  premium 
upon  Brazil  cotton.  Mr.  Gallatin  does  not  appear  to  consider 
it  in  that  light.  It  was  four  o'clock  when  I  left  the  President's, 
and  I  lost  the  day  at  the  office ;  for  I  consider  every  day  as  lost 
in  which  there  is  no  writing  done. 

2 1 st.  At  the  President's,  I  found  he  was  preparing  to  leave 
the  city  again  to-morrow  morning  for  his  seat  at  Oakhill,  in 
London  County,  Virginia.  I  had  a  long  conversation  with 
him  again  upon  the  instructions  to  be  given  to  Mr.  Gallatin. 
We  concluded  that  the  basis  of  arrangement  proposed  by 
Baron  Pasquier  could  not  be  accepted  by  us.  The  motives  and 
principles  upon  which  we  arrived  at  this  conclusion  are  to  be 
stated  in  the  instructions,  for  which  reason,  as  well  as  for  want 
of  time,  I  shall  omit  the  detail  of  them  here.  But  it  appears  to 
me  that  the  greatest  difficulty  of  our  present  position  is  with 
Spain.  When  the  session  of  Congress  comes  on,  we  shall  be 
still  with  the  treaty  unratified,  after  threatening  measures  to 
take  possession  of  Florida,  and  postponing  them  only  to  give 
the  Cortes  an  opportunity  to  do  us  justice.  The  Cortes  will 
do  nothing,  and  the  question  what  we  are  to  do  will  come 
upon  us  with  double  recoil.  The  President,  I  found,  had  no  in 
clination  to  take  forcible  measures.  Symptoms  of  convulsions 
in  Europe  are  thickening.  The  revolution  in  Spain  has  been 
acted  over  again  at  Naples.  The  Emperor  of  Russia  has  issued 
a  fulminating  declaration  against  the  Spanish  revolution,  and 
Austria  is  marching  troops  against  that  of  Naples.  A  plan  of 


MEMOIRS  OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [September, 

counter-revolution  has  exploded  in  Spain,  and  a  civil  war  be 
tween  Naples  and  the  island  of  Sicily  appears  to  be  impending. 
France,  England,  Germany,  emit  volcanic  smoke,  and  time  is 
teeming  with  another  great  political  earthquake.  Our  own 
situation  is  uncomfortable — our  finances  disordered,  our  re 
sources  decayed,  and  tranquillity  seems,  in  the  view  of  the 
President,  the  pole-star  of  our  policy.  Of  all  political  courses, 
the  easiest  for  execution  is  that  which  consists  in  doing  no 
thing — Far  niente.  But  it  has  a  result  which  seldom  turns  to 
good  account — it  effects  nothing.  I  told  the  President  that  the 
non-ratification  of  the  treaty  would  give  no  dissatisfaction  in 
this  country,  excepting  to  the  persons  whose  claims  were  pro 
vided  for  in  it.  The  Southern  and  Western  people  would  be 
glad  to  have  the  treaty  set  aside.  But,  as  Spain  will  do  nothing, 
and  is  likely  to  fall  into  civil  war,  a  movement  of  the  people  of 
Pensacola  and  St.  Augustine  may  be  anticipated,  and  might  be 
hastened,  by  which  they  would  assume  the  government  into 
their  own  hands  and  then  apply  to  the  United  States  for  pro 
tection.  Under  some  such  circumstances,  whether  hastened  by 
any  agency  on  our  part  or  merely  waited  for,  I  was  convinced 
we  should  ultimately  be  obliged  to  take  possession  of  Florida, 
and  with  it,  I  thought,  the  recognition  of  the  republic  of  Co 
lombia  ought  to  be  simultaneous.  The  President  did  not  appear 
to  think  the  time  was  matured  for  the  recognition  of  any  of 
the  South  American  Governments.  He  told  me  he  should  be 
at  Oakhill,  ready  at  any  time,  at  a  day's  warning,  to  come  to 
the  city. 

26th.  I  received  a  letter  from  the  President  recommending 
that  a  note  should  be  written  to  the  Abbe  Correa  positively 
rejecting  his  proposal  for  the  appointment  of  Commissioners 
to  concert  and  adjust  with  the  Portuguese  Ministers  the  com 
plaints  of  Portuguese  subjects  against  the  pirates  under  Ar- 
tigan  colors  fitted  out  from  the  United  States.  I  immediately 
made  a  draft  of  a  note,  and  wrote  a  short  letter  to  the  Pres 
ident,  enclosing  it  for  his  revisal.  The  Abbe's  notes  have, 
I  think,  given  us  advantages  in  this  controversy  independent 
of  the  merits  of  our  cause.  The  President  is  more  anxious 
than  I  should  be  to  make  the  most  of  the  Abbe's  bad  manage- 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  jgj 

merit.  I  do  it  with  reluctance ;  I  think  we  have  something  to 
answer  for  to  Portugal  in  this  case  on  the  score  of  justice,  and 
that  we  shall  answer  for  it,  soon  or  late,  by  our  own  sufferings.1 
I  reluct  at  the  idea  of  supporting  our  cause  upon  the  weakness 
or  maladresse  of  the  adversary's  counsel. 

29th.  I  received  this  morning  a  letter  from  Mr.  Stratford 
Canning,  informing  me  that  he  had  arrived  late  last  evening  in 
the  city,  with  a  credential  letter  as  Envoy  Extraordinary  and 
Minister  Plenipotentiary  from  the  King  of  Great  Britain,  of 
which,  together  with  the  letter  of  recall  of  Sir  Charles  Bagot, 
he  enclosed  copies,  and  requesting  me  to  appoint  an  hour  to 
receive  him ;  and  to  take  the  pleasure  of  the  President  when 
he  would  give  him  an  audience  to  deliver  the  letters ;  at  which 
time  also  Mr.  Antrobus  would  take  leave.  I  immediately  sent 
word  to  Mr.  Canning  that  I  would  receive  him  at  the  office  of 
the  Department  at  three  o'clock  this  day — at  which  hour  he 
came  with  Mr.  Antrobus.  I  told  him  I  should  immediately 
transmit  his  letter  and  the  copies  of  the  two  royal  letters  to  the 
President  in  Virginia,  and  on  receiving  his  answer  would  give 
notice  to  Mr.  Canning  of  the  time  when  the  President  would 
see  him.  He  said  he  should  be  ready  to  go  to  the  President's 
in  Virginia,  or  to  await  his  return  to  this  city,  as  would  best 
suit  the  President's  convenience.  I  told  him  the  President 
would  very  shortly  return  to  the  city,  and  would  probably 
receive  him  here ;  that  in  the  mean  time,  if  he  had  any  busi 
ness  to  transact,  he  might  consider  himself  as  accredited,  and 
I  should  be  happy  to  receive  and  give  immediate  attention  to 
any  communication  from  him.  The  conversation  then  turned 
upon  indifferent  topics.  The  Spartan  frigate,  in  which  he  came, 
had  touched  at  the  island  of  Madeira,  where  they  stopped 
three  days.  They  met  there  the  United  States  Cyane,  Captain 
Trenchard,  which  incident  gave  occasion  to  some  allusion  to 
the  slave-trade.  He  said  he  hoped  to  have  some  conversation 
with  me  on  that  subject.  I  told  him  I  had  been  led  to  expect 
this,  and  should  be  happy  to  meet,  in  this  respect,  the  views  of 
his  Government. 

October  2d.  Mr.  Canning  came  by  appointment  to  the  office 

1  A  prophecy  fulfilled  forty  years  afterwards. 


!g2  MEMOIRS  OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

at  two  o'clock,  and  I  had  with  him  a  conversation  of  more  than 
two  hours  upon  the  slave-trade.  He  renewed  and  urged  the 
proposal  heretofore  made  by  the  British  Government,  that  the 
United  States  should  accede  to  the  principles  of  treaties  made 
by  Great  Britain  with  the  Netherlands  and  Portugal,  by  which 
the  vessels  of  either  nation  are  allowed  to  be  searched  by  the 
captains  of  the  armed  vessels  of  another,  and  two  mixed  Courts 
of  Commissioners  are  instituted  to  try  all  such  captures.  PWe 
have  rejected  this  proposal,  on  two  grounds  :  one,  a  want  of 
Constitutional  authority  to  establish  such  a  Court,  and  the 
other,  as  disapproving  the  principle  of  allowing  the  search,  in 
time  of  peace,  of  our  merchant  vessels  by  the  armed  cruisers 
of  another,  nation.  The  British  Government  have  been  endeav 
oring  to  obtain  from  the  members  of  the  European  alliance 
their  assent  to  such  stipulations,  but  hitherto  without  success. 
France  has  been  the  most  decisive  in  her  objections.  Mr.  Can 
ning  re-urged  the  subject  with  much  earnestness,  and  endeav 
ored  to  answer  objections.  He  suggested  that  one  of  the  two 
reciprocal  tribunals  might  be  established  within  the  United 
States.  I  stated  to  him  that  besides  the  two  broad  and  decisive 
reasons  which  had  been  alleged,  there  were  others,  which  it  was 
best  in  candor  to  mention.  The  first  was  the  general  extra- 
European  policy  of  the  United  States — a  policy  which  they 
had  always  pursued  as  best  suited  to  their  own  interests  and 
best  adapted  to  harmonize  with  those  of  Europe.  This  policy 
had  also  been  that  of  Europe,  which  had  never  considered  the 
United  States  as  belonging  to  her  system.  The  European. alli 
ance,  consisting  of  the  five  principal  powers,  had,  since  the 
overthrow  of  the  French  revolutionary  domination,  regulated 
the  affairs  of  all  Europe  without  ever  calling  the  United  States 
to  their  consultations.  It  was  best  for  both  parties  that  they 
should  continue  to  do  so ;  for  if  the  United  States  should  be 
come  a  member  of  the  body  they  would  even  now  be  a  power 
entitled  to  great  influence,  and  in  a  very  few  years  must  become 
a  first-rate  power  in  the  league.  They  would  bring  to  it  some 
principles  not  congenial  to  those  of  the  other  members,  and 
those  principles  would  lead  to  discussions  tending  to  discord 
rather  than  to  harmony.  It  would  also  have  a  tendency  to  lead  . 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  l$?> 

them  into  commercial  combinations  with  one  or  another  of  the 
great  powers  parties  to  the  alliance. 

Another  objection  was  the  peculiar  character  of  the  principle 
to  which  it  was  desired  that  we  should  accede.  We  had  had 
one  war  with  Great  Britain  for  exercising  what  she  alone  claims 
of  all  the  nations  of  the  earth  as  a  right — search  of  neutral  ves 
sels  in  time  of  war  to  take  out  men.  We  had  endeavored,  both 
at  the  negotiation  for  peace  and  since,  to  come  to  some  agree 
ment  of  principle  with  Great  Britain,  but  had  found  it  imprac 
ticable.  It  was  a  point  upon  which,  more  than  any  other,  not 
only  the  people  but  the  Government  of  the  United  States  were 
sensitive,  and  which  would  fix  us  in  the  determination  in  no 
case  to  yield  the  right  of  search  in  time  of  peace. 

He  said  there  did  not  appear  to  be  any  analogy  between  the 
two  cases.  By  the  treaties  the  right  of  search  given  was  entirely 
reciprocal.  It  was  limited  and  restricted  in  the  most  cautious 
and  precise  manner.  Portugal  and  the  Netherlands  had  assented 
to  it,  and  he  thought  the  objections  which  we  made  might 
rather  have  been  expected  from  them  than  from  France,  and 
rather  from  the  Swiss  Cantons  than  from  the  United  States  ; 
that  nations  justly  conscious  of  their  power  had  less  reason 
than  others  to  fear  the  abuse  of  any  concession. 

I  told  him  that  all  concession  of  principle  tended  to  encour 
age  encroachment,  and  if  naval  officers  were  once  habituated  to 
search  the  vessels  of  other  nations  in  time  of  peace  for  one  thing, 
they  would  be  still  more  encouraged  to  practise  it  for  another 
thing  in  time  of  war  ;  that  as  to  the  concessions  of  Portugal  and 
the  Netherlands,  they  might  be  supposed  to  be  actuated  by  a 
sense  of  dependence  upon  or  of  obligation  to  Great  Britain. 

He  thought  this  was  rather  imaginary  than  real,  and  that 
neither  Portugal  nor  the  Netherlands  were  of  a  disposition  at 
all  accommodating  to  Great  Britain.  He  said  also  that  the 
European  alliance  could  hardly  be  said  to  have  for  its  object 
the  regulation  of  European  affairs ;  at  least  it  was  only  with 
reference  to  certain  specific  objects.  He  asked  if  our  principle 
of  rejecting  the  measures  as  concerted  by  the  European  allies 
was  so  general  as  to  induce  a  refusal  to  co-operate  with  them 
in  any  measure. 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

I  said,  No  ;  we  had  formed  no  such  determination.  There 
might  be  a  concert  of  measures  proposed  to  which  our  objec 
tions  would  not  apply,  and  that  a  free  and  mutual  communica 
tion  of  what  might  be  done  on  either  side  would  contribute 
much  to  the  attainment  of  the  common  object.  But  I  observed 
that,  excepting  the  communications  which  we  had  received  from 
Great  Britain,  there  had  been  none  to  us  from  any  member  of 
the  European  alliance;  and,  as  the  objections  made  principally 
by  France  to  the  British  project  of  reciprocal  capture  were  much 
the  same  as  those  which  we  had  urged  against  the  thing  itself, 
I  thought  it  right  to  tell  him  that  this  coincidence  was  not 
the  result  of  any  consultation.  There  had  been  between  the 
United  States  and  France  no  communication  whatever  relating 
to  the  slave-trade. 

He  said  that,  though  gratified  to  learn  that  we  did  not  reject 
all  concert  of  operation,  he  was  apprehensive  that  the  expedient 
which  we  did  reject  was  the  only  one  that  could  prove  effectual. 
For  so  long  as  hoisting  a  flag  was  sufficient  to  shelter  the  slave- 
trader  from  search  and  capture,  it  was  scarcely  possible  that  any 
vigilance  or  care  should  avail.  He  added  that  as  it  was  the 
earnest  desire  of  the  British  Government  to  soften  the  asperities 
existing  in  the  feeling  of  the  two  countries  towards  each  other, 
and  it  was  convinced  that  the  same  disposition  existed  here, 
there  could  be  nothing  done  which  would  more  strongly  have 
that  tendency  than  our  accession  to  these  arrangements. 

I  said  that  the  disposition  to  conciliate  was  perfectly  re 
ciprocal,  and  very  earnest  on  our  part ;  that  he  must  take  all 
I  had  said  to  him  in  this  conversation  as  expressing  only  my 
private  opinions.  As  soon  as  the  President  should  return  to 
the  city,  I  should  report  to  him  the  substance  of  it,  and  should 
receive  his  instructions  what  further  answer  to  give.  He  asked 
if  I  was  willing  that  in  the  mean  time  he  should  report  to  his 
Government  the  purport  of  our  conference  this  day;  to  which 
I  answered,  Certainly. 

5th.  General  Parker  called  again  at  the  office,  to  enquire 
again,  for  his  friend  Byers,  if  a  public  ship  would  be  sent  to 
protect  the  sealing  speculations  at  the  new  discovery  south  of 
Cape  Horn.  I  referred  him  to  the  Navy  Department;  at  which 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  jg^ 

he  seemed  a  little  impatient.  He  showed  me  an  extract  from 
the  London  Morning  Chronicle  of  I4th  August,  rcpublished  in 
our  newspapers,  mentioning  that  this  was  no  new  discovery, 
but  land  first  seen  in  1 599  by  Dirk  Sherritz,  a  Dutchman.  I 
had  seen  this  extract  before.  I  examined  several  collections 
of  maps  and  charts.  The  English  have  no  traces  of  such  land, 
but  the  French  maps  have,  under  the  denomination  of  "  Port 
de  Drake."  I  read  the  article  "  Drake"  in  Dobson's  and  Reese's 
Encyclopaedias,  but  found  nothing  there  mentioned  of  Drake's 
Port.  They  both  say  he  passed  through  the  Straits  of  Magellan 
and  returned  by  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope.  I  have  not  books  at 
hand  to  pursue  the  enquiry.  Mr.  Frye  called  likewise  at  the 
office  with  Governor  Clark's  pamphlet  against  Mr.  Crawford. 
It  is  bitter,  and  presents  Crawford's  character  in  a  very  odious 
light.  In  one  respect  it  has  the  same  fault  that  it  charges 
upon  Crawford.  Clark  declares  his  belief  that  Crawford  is 
confederate  with  Mitchell  in  his  slave  smuggling  speculations. 
This  I  do  not  believe,  and  Clark  adduces  no  evidence  to  sup 
port  the  charge  but  Crawford's  endeavors  to  screen  Mitchell 
from  punishment.  But  this  I  ascribe,  as  well  as  the  more  ex 
ceptionable  screening  of  others,  to  ambition  and  not  avarice. 
Crawford's  intense  passion  is  unbridled  ambition,  and  he  has 
great  address  in  his  conduct,  though  he  has  exposed  to  so 
many  the  nakedness  of  his  heart  that  he  cannot  be  called  very 
profound.  His  ambition  has  been  inflamed  by  success  far  be 
yond  either  his  services  or  his  talents — the  former  of  which 
are  very  slight,  and  the  latter  much  overrated.  His  principal 
merit  is  firmness. 

1 4th.  I  began  this  morning  the  final  draft  of  my  report  to  the 
Senate  upon  weights  and  measures.  I  also  extracted  from  the 
statute  books  of  New  Jersey  containing  the  Acts  passed  before 
and  during  the  American  Revolution,  their  laws  relating  to  the 
subject.  The  Governor  of  New  Jersey,  in  answer  to  Rush's 
letter  requesting  the  information  required  by  the  resolution  of 
the  Senate,  wrote  him  that  there  was  no  statute  of  the  State 
concerning  it;  but  he  was  mistaken.  There  are  several.  I  also 
called  on  the  Attorney-General,  Wirt,  with  papers  relating  to 
the  case  at  Savannah.  I  found  him  engaged  in  the  papers  of 


!86  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

the  Indian  Agent,  who,  he  said,  was  the  most  impudent  rascal 
that  he  had  ever  had  any  knowledge  of;  and  if  he  was  not 
guilty,  there  was  no  evidence  in  human  testimony.  But  Mit 
chell  had,  nevertheless,  got  so  complete  an  ascendency  over  Mr. 
Crawford  that  he  believed  him  entirely  innocent,  and  he  had 
written  so  here ;  and  he  (Crawford)  had  requested  that  at  all 
events  the  decision,  whatever  it  might  be,  should  be  made  be 
fore  his  return  to  the  city.  Crawford's  efforts  to  screen  Mitchell 
from  punishment  are  marked  with  desperation.  It  is  impossible 
he  should  believe  him  innocent.  But  at  heart  he  thinks  slave 
smuggling  no  crime,  and  supposes  his  own  political  fortune 
depends  upon  Mitchell  being  cleared. 

Wirt  said  he  was  embarrassed  how  to  make  up  an  opinion 
which  would  not  implicate  Crawford  for  neglect.  He  (Wirt)  had 
given  two  years  ago  an  opinion  upon  the  same  case,  in  which 
he  recommended  that  a  prosecution  should,  by  direction  of  the 
Treasury  Department,  be  commenced.  Instead  of  which,  Craw 
ford  wrote  directing  that  the  documents  should  be  all  submitted 
to  the  Court  before  which  it  was  supposed  the  prosecution  had 
been  commenced.  This  supposition  was  directly  contrary  both 
to  the  fact  and  to  the  recommendation  of  the  Attorney-General ; 
but  the  consequence  was  that  Mitchell  escaped  for  the  time. 
Rabun,  the  late  Governor,  suppressed  the  resolutions  by  which 
the  Legislature  of  Georgia  directed  that  the  General  Govern 
ment  should  be  requested  to  commence  prosecutions,  and  when 
Clark,  after  Rabun's  death,  did  forward  them,  and  the  prose 
cutions  were  commenced,  they  were  barred  by  the  limitation 
of  two  years.  The  whole  transaction  is  a  succession  of  mal 
practices  to  screen  Mitchell  from  punishment. 

1 6th.  Manuel  Torres,  the  Charge  d' Affaires  from  the  new 
republic  of  Colombia,  called  this  morning  at  my  house,  having 
arrived  last  evening  from  Philadelphia.  He  comes  to  renew  his 
old  propositions  for  a  recognition  of  the  republic  of  Colombia, 
and  his  request  for  a  supply  of  muskets.  He  gave  me,  in  his 
way,  a  long  history  of  the  campaign  in  Caraccas  and  New 
Granada,  and  requested  to  have  another  conversation  with  me, 
for  which  I  appointed  to-morrow  at  two  o'clock.  He  told  me 
that  the  Agents  of  South  America  who  had  been  at  Gibraltar 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^7 

and  organized  the  revolt  of  Quiroga  were  new  members  of  the 
Cortes  in  Spain. 

At  one  o'clock  I  presented  Mr.  Stratford  Canning,  as  Envoy 
Extraordinary  and  Minister  Plenipotentiary  from  Great  Britain, 
to  the  President,  to  whom  he  delivered  a  credential  letter  from 
the  King  of  Great  Britain,  together  with  two  others  ;  one  being 
the  letter  announcing  the  recall  of  Sir  Charles  Bagot  from  the 
mission  to  the  United  States,  and  the  other,  the  decease  of  the 
Duchess  of  York.  Mr.  Canning  was  accompanied  by  Mr. 
Antrobus,  who  took  leave  as  Charge  d'Affaires,  and  by  Mr. 
Wilmot  and  Mr.  Parish,  whom  he  presented  as  persons  at 
tached  to  the  Legation.  He  addressed  the  President  in  a 
formal,  though  short,  complimentary  speech,  which  the  Presi 
dent  answered  with  simplicity  and  propriety.  Canning's  speech 
was  high-charged  both  with  compliments  and  with  professions. 
These  are  formalities,  of  course,  of  which  I  have  delivered  and 
heard  so  many  that  they  seem  to  me  flat  and  unprofitable.  Mr. 
Canning  told  me  he  wished  to  have  another  conversation  with 
me  on  the  slave-trade  propositions.  I  appointed  the  day  after 
to-morrow,  at  two  o'clock,  to  receive  him. 

Mr.  Calhoun  was  also  at  the  office  with  a  letter  from  General 
Flournoy,  a  Commissioner  for  negotiating  a  treaty  of  cession 
from  the  Creek  Indians.  There  are  two  Commissioners  of  the 
United  States,  and  two  on  the  part  of  the  State  of  Georgia. 
Flournoy  writes  that  the  Georgia  Commissioners  claim  to  join 
in  holding  the  treaty,  and  desires  the  Secretary  of  War  to  write 
to  him  that  it  can  be  held  only  by  the  Commissioners  of  the 
United  States.  Mr.  Calhoun  came  with  direction  from  the 
President  that  I  should  write  to  the  same  effect  to  Governor 
Clark. 

i /th.  Mr.  Manuel  Torres  came  to  the  office  and  entertained 
me  again  nearly  two  hours  with  his  demand  for  recognition  of 
the  republic  of  Colombia  and  a  supply  of  muskets.  Torres  is 
a  European  Spaniard,  and  has  all  that  patelinage  that  belongs 
to  the  Spanish  character.  He  is  withal  not  a  little  vain,  and 
fancies  himself  very  profound.  The  substance  of  his  discourse 
was  that  the  Colombians  were  before  this  time,  or  very  shortly 
would  be,  in  possession  of  Carthagena  and  of  all  Terra  Firma ; 


MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS,  [October, 

that  Bolivar  was  with  Montilla,  and  that  there  was  a  perfect  good 
understanding  between  them  ;  that  Morillo,  the  Spanish  General, 
must  very  shortly  be  compelled  to  evacuate  the  country ;  but 
that  the  European  sovereigns  were  hostile  to  the  cause  of  the 
South  Americans,  and  that  Bolivar  preferred  a  very  intimate 
connection  with  the  United  States.  He  then  went  into  a  long 
argument  to  prove  that  there  would  be  no  rivalry  of  com 
merce  between  the  United  States  and  the  republic  of  Colombia, 
the  only  production  of  export  common  to  them  both  being 
tobacco,  and  that  of  Varinas  being  so  different  from  any  of 
ours  that  there  could  be  no  competition  between  them ;  that 
between  the  coast  of  Terra  Firma  and  Mexico,  and  other  parts 
of  South  America,  there  must  always  be  an  immense  coasting 
trade,  and,  as  the  Colombians  themselves  were  not  navigators, 
having  neither  shipping  nor  seamen,  the  carrying  of  this  trade 
might  be  secured  by  treaty  to  the  people  of  the  United  States. 

This  idea  was,  however,  indistinctly  and  obscurely  presented 
— apparently  as  a  bait,  and  with  qualifications  affording  means 
of  withdrawing  from  it  if  a  disposition  should  appear  on  our 
side  to  accept  it.  I  listened  to  him  with  all  the  patience  and 
attention  that  I  could  command,  without  entering  into  discus 
sion  upon  any  of  his  proposals,  but  finally  requesting  him  to 
address  them  to  me  in  writing,  which  he  promised  he  would. 

1 8th.  I  had  written  and  obtained  the  President's  approbation 
for  a  letter  to  Governor  Clark,  of  Georgia,  conformably  to  the 
directions  received  from  Mr.  Calhoun,  when  this  morning  I 
received  from  Governor  Clark  a  letter  showing  the  whole  sub 
ject  in  an  entirely  new  aspect.  Flournoy  appears  to  be  one  of 
Clark's  enemies,  and  therefore  attempted  totally  to  exclude  the 
Commissioners  of  Georgia  appointed  by  Clark  from  all  partici 
pation  in  the  treaty.  He  misrepresented  a  demand  from  the 
Georgia  Commissioners  for  information  into  a  claim  to  hold 
the  treaty.  There  is  a  contempt  of  principle  in  some  of  these 
Georgian  partisans,  against  which  it  is  indispensable  to  be 
guarded.  I  immediately  took  Clark's  letter  over  to  the  Presi 
dent.  Clark  appeals  to  the  promise  which  I  had  made  him 
with  the  President's  approbation,  that  there  should  be  a  free 
co-operation  of  the  Commissioners  of  the  United  States  with 


1 820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

those  of  Georgia.  The  President  desired  me  to  see  and  con 
sult  with  the  Secretary  of  War.  I  called  at  Calhoun's  office. 
We  had  some  conversation,  and  then  returned  to  the  President's 
together.  Calhoun  appeared  willing  that  the  Georgia  Commis 
sioners  should  themselves  be  appointed  Commissioners  on  the 
part  of  the  United  States.  This  Governor  Clark  had  requested, 
and  I  was  not  aware  of  any  solid  reason  against  it.  But  the 
President  was  averse  to  it.  He  thought  that  as  there  was  an 
interest  of  the  Union  involved,  distinct  though  not  variant  from 
that  of  Georgia,  to  make  Georgians  a  majority  of  the  Commis 
sion  would  not  be  right.  He  thought  also  there  was  deference 
due  to  Mr.  Crawford  not  to  put  advantages  into  the  hands  of 
persons  opposed  to  him.  The  two  Commissioners  on  the  part 
of  the  United  States,  first  appointed,  had  declined.  Pickens, 
of  South  Carolina,  last  appointed,  also  declined.  Another 
Commissioner  was  to  be  proposed.  After  discussing  various 
names,  the  President  desired  Calhoun  to  see  and  propose  it 
to-morrow  morning  to  George  Graham.  And  it  was  agreed 
that  Calhoun  should  write  to  Flournoy  that  the  United  States 
Commissioners  must  communicate  freely  with  those  of  Georgia, 
that  I  should  write  to  the  same  effect  to  Governor  Clark,  that 
I  should  send  him  a  copy  of  the  instructions  to  Flournoy,  and 
Calhoun  should  send  Flournoy  a  copy  of  my  letter  to  Clark. 
This  affair  absorbed  my  official  day. 

2Oth.  Mr.  Canning  came,  and  spent  about  three  hours  at  the 
office.  We  went  again  over  the  ground  of  all  his  proposals 
relating  to  the  slave-trade.  I  explained  fully  to  him  the  nature 
of  the  difficulty  arising  from  the  Constitution  of  the  United 
States  to  the  establishment  of  any  tribunal  before  whom  citizens 
of  the  Union  should  be  amenable  upon  penal  statutes,  from 
which  tribunal  there  should  be  no  appeal  to  the  Supreme  Court 
of  the  United  States,  and  the  Judges  of  which  should  not  be 
impeachable  by  our  House  of  Representatives  and  before  our 
Senate.  I  also  went  largely  into  the  objection  arising  from  the 
analogy  between  the  right  of  visitation  and  search  proposed  to 
be  given  by  the  Convention,  and  the  claim  of  Great  Britain  to 
the  right  of  visitation  and  search  to  impress  men.  The  con 
versation  was  altogether  free  and  unreserved,  the  discussion 


I90  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

invariably  temperate,  and,  on  his  part,  full  of  courtesy.  He 
suggested  various  expedients  for  obviating  the  Constitutional 
difficulty ;  thought  that  the  American  members  of  the  tribunal 
might  be  subject  to  impeachment  as  officers  of  the  United 
States  ;  alleged  by  way  of  precedent  the  Commissions  to  which 
we  had  agreed  by  treaty  to  submit  questions  of  property  and 
territorial  rights,  and  could  not  clearly  discern  the  difference 
between  these  questions  of  property  and  trials  for  forfeitures. 
He  contested  the  analogy  between  the  right  of  search  and 
seizure  proposed,  and  the  claim  of  search  for  impressment; 
hinting  some  regret  that  we  should  even  harbor  the  sentiment 
that  there  was  any  analogy  between  them,  or  bring  that  subject 
into  view  at  all  in  this  case,  which  I  told  him  I  should  certainly 
not  have  done  on  its  own  account,  but  observed  that  it  was 
indispensable  to  unfold  with  candor  and  sincerity  all  our  objec 
tions  to  the  proposed  Convention. 

He  finally  suggested  that,  if  we  could  not  agree  to  the  pro 
posals  of  Great  Britain  for  co-operation,  his  Government  wished 
us  to  offer  any  proposals  on  our  part  tending  to  the  same  ob 
ject;  upon  which  I  told  him  the  President  would  deliber 
ately  consider  the  subject,  and  if  any  proposal  should  occur  to 
him  as  suitable  to  be  made,  I  should  communicate  it  to  him 
hereafter. 

To  vary  the  conversation,  I  told  him  there  were  other  sub 
jects  upon  which  I  believed  a  concert  of  operations  between 
the  United  States  and  Great  Britain  would  be  useful  to  both 
nations ;  and  mentioned  the  report  upon  weights  and  measures, 
for  which  I  have  calls  from  both  Houses  of  Congress.  I  ob 
served  that  this  was  a  subject  upon  which  the  British  Govern 
ment  have  been  almost  incessantly  engaged  more  than  sixty 
years  without  doing  anything ;  that  there  were  now  royal  Com 
missioners  charged  with  the  duty  of  reporting  a  plan  for  uni 
formity,  who  had  already  reported  in  part,  and  were  to  report 
further;  that  they  had  reported  generally  against  any  consider 
able  changes  in  the  existing  system,  but  recommended  slight 
ones,  which  I  hoped  would  not  be  adopted.  My  report  wrould 
be  against  any  change  here  unless  concerted  with  the  same 
change  in  England,  so  that  we  might  not,  by  grasping  at  the 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  IC;I 

shadow  of  one  uniformity,  lose  the  substance  of  another,  which 
we  possess.  I  entered  into  some  detail  upon  the  principles  of 
my  intended  report,  and  told  him  I  should  send  him  a  copy  of 
it  when  printed  by  order  of  Congress.  He  had  not  seen  the 
report  of  the  British  Commissioners,  and  I  promised  to  send  it 
to  him. 

22d.  Mr.  R.  Forrest -called  at  my  house  this  evening  with  a 
servant  of  Roth's,  the  French  Charge  d' Affaires.  A  colored 
woman,  who  lives  with  Roth  as  his  cook,  has  been  taken  up 
on  suspicion  of  receiving  stolen  money,  and  committed  to 
prison  by  Timms,  who  is  doorkeeper  to  the  Senate,  and  a 
magistrate  and  member  of  the  City  Council.  A  shopkeeper  by 
the  name  of  Holmead  dropped  yesterday  from  his  pocket,  in 
the  street,  a  cheque  upon  one  of  the  banks  for  a  hundred  dol 
lars,  and  a  hundred  and  fifty  dollars  in  bank-bills.  A  mulatto 
boy  of  fourteen  or  fifteen  years  of  age  found  the  cheque,  and,  not 
knowing  how  to  read,  took  it  to  a  shop  to  enquire  what  it  was. 
He  was  then  called  upon  for  the  bank-bills,  and,  denying  that 
he  had  found  them,  was  tortured,  thumbsorewed,  and  hung  by 
the  neck  (so  this  man  says)  to  extort  confession  from  him.  He 
finally  named  several  persons  to  whom  he  said  he  gave  the 
bills,  and  among  the  rest  the  father  of  Roth's  cook.  He  denied 
having  received  the  bills,  but  his  daughter  was  imprisoned  on 
suspicion  of  having  received  them  from  him. 

This  is  a  sample  of  the  treatment  of  colored  people  under 
criminal  charges  or  suspicions  here.  Roth  claims  the  release 
of  the  woman  from  prison  on  the  ground  of  his  diplomatic 
privilege,  though  her  name  is  not  on  the  list  of  the  persons 
attached  to  the  French  Legation  furnished,  according  to  the 
law  of  Congress,  at  the  Department  of  State.  I  desired  Forrest 
to  see  or  write  to  Timms,  informing  him  that  this  woman  was  in 
the  service  of  a  Foreign  Legation,  and  requesting  him  to  dis 
charge  her  immediately  for  that  reason ;  and  if  Timms  should 
refuse,  I  would  apply  to-morrow  morning  to  Judge  Thruston  for 
a  habeas  corpus,  to  obtain  her  discharge  in  that  manner. 

26th.  Mr.  Canning  called,  and  kept  me  two  hours  or  more 
upon  the  subject  of  the  slave-trade.  He  brought  with  him  a 
long  written  paper,  containing  what  he  had  understood  as  the 


!Q2  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

substance  of  our  former  conversations,  which  he  said  he  had 
informally  drawn  up,  and  wished  to  read  to  me  to  ascertain  that 
he  had  correctly  understood  the  purport  of  my  observations. 
He  read  it  accordingly.  There  were  several  very  important 
variations  in  the  paper  from  what  I  had  actually  said;  all  of 
which  I  successively  noticed.  The  first  was  an  inference  of  his 
own,  which  he  had  apparently  written  down  as  an  experiment 
to  see  what  I  should  say  to  it.  The  remark  was  almost  at  the 
beginning  of  the  paper,  and  was  an  avowal  of  satisfaction  that, 
in  reviewing  the  conversation  between  us,  he  had  perceived 
that  none  of  the  objections  which  had  been  suggested  by  me 
to  the  project  of  Great  Britain  applied  to  the  plan  itself.  I 
stopped  him  immediately,  and  said  that  was  more  than  I  thought 
:ould  safely  be  said.  I  had  told  him  there  was  one  certain 
Constitutional  difficulty  which  we  saw  no  way  of  getting  over. 
This  of  itself  was  decisive  for  the  present.  I  had  not  thought 
it  necessary  to  mention  that  there  was  another,  which  might 
prove  no  less  embarrassing. 

I  then  read  to  him  the  fifth  article  of  amendment  to  the 
Constitution,  which  amounts  to  an  express  prohibition  to  sub 
jecting  any  citizen  of  the  United  States  to  trial  before  such  a 
tribunal  as  that  proposed.  I  said,  further,  that  the  objection  to 
the  principle  of  admitting  the  right  of  search  by  foreign  officers 
in  time  of  peace,  for  its  analogy  to  search  for  impressment  in 
time  of  war,  was  an  objection  to  the  plan  itself. 

He  then  commenced  a  discussion  upon  this  point,  and  said 
that  I  had  been  so  long  and  so  fully  conversant  with  it  that  he 
was  sure  I  knew  and  appreciated  the  merits  of  their  side  of  the 
question.  I  knew  that  it  was,  on  the  part  of  Great  Britain,  a 
conviction  of  necessity  which  compelled  her  to  adhere  to  what 
she  considered  as  a  right.  When  she  is  at  war,  the  tempta 
tion  and  opportunity  are  so  great  for  a  portion  of  her  seamen 
to  come  into  the  merchant  service  of  the  United  States  that, 
without  some  control  over  them,  the  damage  to  her  was  vital ; 
and  he  went  through  the  usual  topics  of  the  British  doctrine 
on  this  controversy. 

I  told  him  that  it  was  not  my  wish  to  debate  the  point.  We 
had  more  than  once  exhausted  the  argument  with  his  Govern- 


1 8 20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  I^ 

mcnt ;  we  had  endeavored  to  adjust  it  at  Ghent;  we  had  re 
newed  the  effort  twice  since  the  war,  and  by  various  Ministers; 
we  greatly  regretted  that  the  differences  of  opinion  and  of  prin 
ciple  between  the  parties  were  so  radical  that  they  had  found 
all  compromise  of  it  impracticable.  But,  such  having  been  the 
issue,  we  were  in  no  wise  disposed  to  renew  the  subject  at 
present;  we  acquiesced  in  the  result  so  far  as  to  have  con 
cluded  to  say  no  more  about  it.  The  question  had  no  imme 
diate  practical  interest  connected  with  it,  and  our  hopes  were 
that  if  Great  Britain  should  again  be  engaged  in  a  naval  war  she 
would  of  her  own  accord  give  such  instructions  to  her  naval 
officers  as  would  prevent  the  question  from  arising.  We  knew 
it  depended  entirely  upon  her,  and  we  were  willing  to  hope  her 
Government  would  not  be  disposed  to  seek  a  contest  with  us. 
But  we  knew  also  that  it  depended  upon  the  temper  of  her 
Administration,  and  that  every  change  of  that  would  endanger 
our  peace.  We  went  over  the  whole  ground  of  impressment, 
and,  as  usual,  to  no  purpose.  His  paper  concluded  with  the 
remark,  that  if  our  objections  to  the  mode  of  co-operation 
proposed  by  Great  Britain  were  insuperable,  she  had  reason  to 
expect  we  should  bring  forward  some  propositions  on  our  part. 

I  told  him  I  should  submit  the  whole  subject  to  the  con 
sideration  of  the  President,  and  if  anything  should  occur  to  him 
as  suitable  to  be  proposed,  I  should  advise  him  (Canning)  of  it. 

3Oth.  Mr.  Canning  came,  and  we  had  a  conversation  of  two 
or  three  hours,  which  began  upon  weights  and  measures  and 
thence  digressed  to  the  general  state  of  European  politics.  I 
had  sent  him  the  first  report  of  the  Commissioners  of  the  Prince 
Regent,  dated  24th  June,  1819,  which  he  returned  yesterday, 
with  a  note  mentioning  that  he  should  this  day  call  to  have 
some  conversation  with  me  concerning  the  subject.  He  had 
paid  little  attention  to  it,  and  understood  little  of  it.  I  told 
him  that  as  it  was  of  common  interest  to  the  British  nation 
and  to  the  people  of  the  United  States — as  his  Government 
were  occupied  in  the  search  of  uniformity  as  well  as  ours,  and 
as  my  report  contained  views  somewhat  different  from  those  of 
any  English  writer  upon  the  history  of  English  weights  and 
measures  and  English  laws  relating  to  them,  I  should  send 

VOL.  V.  — 13 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

him  a  copy  of  it  when  published,  and  proposed  to  send  a  copy 
of  it  to  the  President  of  the  Royal  Society. 

He  said  he  found  that  the  general  principle  of  the  report  of 
the  English  Commissioners  coincided  with  mine ;  that  is,  they 
are  averse  to  any  material  change. 

I  said  I  had  been  happy  to  find  them  adopting  that  general 
principle,  and  wished  they  had  carried  it  through.  But  they 
did  propose  changes,  which  I  hoped  would  not  be  sanctioned 
without  further  consideration.  There  were  two  coincidences  in 
the  English  system  of  weights  and  measures  which  I  deemed 
of  the  highest  importance.  One  was  that  the  avoirdupois 
pound  weighed  exactly  seven  thousand  grains  troy,  and  the 
other,  that  a  cubic  foot  of  spring-water  weighed  one  thousand 
ounces  avoirdupois.  The  uniformity  and  unity  of  standard  for 
the  whole  system  hung  upon  these  two  coincidences.  The 
Commissioners  proposed  changes  which  would  destroy  them 
altogether. 

Mr.  Canning  took  a  minute  of  these  two  observations,  which 
he  said  he  would  communicate  to  his  Government. 

On  the  present  state  of  European  politics  our  conversation 
was  on  my  part  free,  and  on  his  very  cautious  and  reserved.  I 
told  him  I  was  much  gratified  to  see  that  the  British  Cabinet 
had  disclaimed  all  intention  of  interposing  by  force  in  the 
changes  which  had  taken  place  in  Spain,  Portugal,  and  Naples, 
but  that  it  seemed  to  me  they  would  find  it  very  difficult  to 
adhere  to  that  system.  There  were  symptoms  of  a  separation 
between  the  kingdom  of  Naples  and  the  island  of  Sicily. 
Austria  was  marching  troops  defensively  to  guard  her  own 
Italian  territories  or  offensively  against  Naples.  If  the  plan 
was  only  defensive,  would  it  be  adequate  ?  If  offensive,  Aus 
tria  must  conquer  Naples,  and  after  conquering  must  hold  it  as 
a  conquest.  How  would  this  suit  the  views  of  Great  Britain, 
of  France,  of  Russia?  how  would  it  stand  with  reference  to 
the  newly-settled  balance  of  power?  In  Portugal  there  were 
symptoms  which  threatened  the  sovereignty  of  the  House  of 
Braganza.  Great  Britain  was  bound  by  treaty  to  guarantee 
the  possession  of  Portugal  to  them.  The  sceptres  of  all  the 
European  continental  monarchs  were  turning  to  ashes  in  their 


1820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  j^ 

hands.  Their  crowns  were  dropping  from  their  heads;  the  very 
instruments  of  power  upon  which  they  were  leaning  pierced 
their  hands  and  sides.  Government  was  melting  into  its  origi 
nal  elements.  Would  it  be  possible  for  England  to  witness 
this  in  all  its  consequences  and  remain  quiescent?  And  how 
could  she  act  in  cases  where  the  struggle,  as  it  now  appears, 
is  for  free  and  liberal  institutions  against  absolute  power? 

He  said  that  Great  Britain  had  never  taken  part  against 
liberal  institutions,  but,  on  the  contrary,  had  been  contending 
for  the  liberties  of  Europe.  But  it  was  scarcely  possible  to 
foresee  what  would  be  the  course  of  the  present  agitations  in 
Europe  ;  but  he  hoped  they  would  not  disturb  the  subsisting 
peace.  The  establishment  of  constitutional  Governments  could 
not  only  be  unopposed  by  Great  Britain,  but  would  be  con 
genial  to  the  wishes  of  her  statesmen  ;  but  whether  the  pro 
ceedings  for  obtaining  these  desirable  objects  would  be  marked 
with  the  principles  of  good  order  and  of  humanity  necessary 
to  render  them  effectual,  was  naturally  a  subject  of  great  solici 
tude. 

Before  leaving  me,  Mr.  Canning  repeated  an  observation 
which  he  had  made  to  me  once  before — that  he  should  always 
receive  any  observations  that  I  may  make  to  him  with  a  just 
deference  to  my  advance  of  years — over  his.  This  is  one  of 
those  equivocal  compliments  which,  according  to  Sterne,  a 
Frenchman  always  returns  with  a  bow. 

November  1st.  There  was  a  meeting  of  the  members  of  the 
Administration  at  the  President's,  and  a  discussion  of  the  pro 
posals  made  by  the  French  Government  to  Mr.  Gallatin  con 
cerning  the  tonnage  question,  and  that  upon  the  eighth  article 
of  the  Louisiana  cession  Treaty.  The  proposals  are  that  as 
upon  a  system  of  reciprocity  the  carriage  of  all  the  commerce 
between  the  two  countries  would  be  in  our  ships,  because  the 
French  shippers  cannot  stand  an  equal  competition  with  ours, 
we  should  consent  to  an  amount  of  discriminating  duties  against 
us  sufficient  to  restore  the  balance,  and  give  the  French  ship 
ping  an  equal  share  of  the  carriage.  The  opinion  was  unanimous 
that  we  could  not  accept  this  proposal. 

The  case  of  the  pretended  port  of  St.  Joseph  was  considered. 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.          [November, 

Immediately  after  the  commencement  of  the  new  tonnage  duty 
upon  French  vessels,  a  ship  called  the  Apollon  came  and  entered 
the  river  St.  Mary's,  keeping  on  the  Spanish  side  of  the  water. 
The  captain  took  his  papers  to  St.  Augustine,  and  there  made 
a  formal  entry  of  the  ship.  The  Governor  of  Florida  then,  in 
collusion  with  this  man,  and  with  a  person  named  Clarke,  a 
Spanish  Consular  Agent  at  St.  Mary's,  constituted  a  pretended 
port  of  St.  Joseph,  immediately  opposite  to  St.  Mary's,  on  the 
Florida  side  of  the  river,  at  a  place  where  there  is  no  settle 
ment.  Clarke  was  made  captain  and  commander  of  the  port 
of  St.  Joseph,  and  the  plan  was  to  furnish  a  port  both  for 
French  and  British  vessels,  to  come  and  receive  their  cargoes 
from  St.  Mary's,  in  evasion  and  defiance  of  our. laws.  Clarke 
wrote  Colonel  James  Forbes  two  letters  disclosing  the  whole 
plan,  and  inviting  him  to  take  a  share  in  it.  Forbes  enclosed 
the  letters  confidentially  to  me.  The  purpose  of  defeating 
altogether  the  operation  of  our  navigation  and  French  tonnage 
laws,  and  the  hope  of  keeping  open  the  tariff  quarrel  with  France 
by  it,  are  distinctly  avowed  in  Clarke's  letters.  More  than  two 
years  since,  when  the  Navigation  Act  partially  interdicting  the 
trade  with  the  British  West  India  Islands  in  British  vessels  was 
made,  there  had  been  an  attempt  by  a  British  vessel  to  enter 
the  river  St.  Mary's,  and,  remaining  on  the  Spanish  side,  to 
trade  with  our  port  in  that  way.  The  Collector  was  then  in 
structed  by  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury  to  permit  no  such 
vessel  to  go  there,  and  in  cases  where  the  intention  to  evade  or 
defeat  the  law  was  manifest,  to  warn  them  off,  and,  if  they  dis 
regarded  the  warning,  to  seize  the  vessel.  At  that  time  the 
purpose  was  given  up.  When  the  Apollon  came  last  summer, 
the  Collector  of  St.  Mary's  wrote  to  the  Secretary  of  the  Treas 
ury,  requesting  new  instructions,  and  enquiring  whether  those 
given  two  years  before  were  to  be  considered  as  applying  to 
this  case.  When  the  Collector's  letter  was  received  here  at 
the  Treasury,  Mr.  Crawford  was  absent  in  Georgia.  The  Presi 
dent  was  in  Virginia.  The  Comptroller,  Anderson,  asked  my 
opinion,  and  I  gave  it,  that  the  instructions  on  the  former  occa 
sion  were  applicable  to  this  case.  The  Apollon  was  accordingly 
seized,  after  being  allowed  an  opportunity  to  go  away ;  but  her 


1 820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  Igy 

captain  chose  to  protest  and  give  up  his  vessel.  Mr.  Roth,  the 
French  Charge  d'Affaires,  took  up  the  affair  very  seriously,  and 
wrote  me  a  high-toned  note  on  the  subject. 

At  the  meeting  this  day  it  was  determined  that  the  District 
Attorney  of  the  United  States  in  Georgia  should  be  directed  by 
the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury  to  libel  the  Apollon  for  a  viola 
tion  of  the  revenue  laws  of  the  United  States,  and  in  case  the 
decision  of  the  cause  should  be  against  the  Government,  which 
was  thought  probable,  he  was  to  bring  it  by  appeal  to  the 
Supreme  Court,  to  be  decided  there.  My  opinion  was  that, 
as  a  case  of  flagrant  conspiracy  against  the  law  of  the  United 
States,  the  Court  would  probably  sustain  the  seizure,  and  de 
cide  in  favor  of  the  Government;  but,  even  if  the  decision 
should  be  adverse,  it  cannot  take  place  within  fourteen  months 
from  this  time,  and  in  the  interval  the  fraudulent  and  spurious 
port  of  St.  Joseph  will  not  be  accessible  to  a  multitude  of  ves 
sels  for  a  resort  to  defeat  both  our  French  tonnage  laws  and 
our  Navigation  Acts.  I  was  directed  to  send  copies  of  Clarke 
the  Spanish  Agent's  letters  to  Forbes  to  the  District  Attorney, 
with  directions  to  him  to  produce  them  at  the  proper  time  on 
the  trial,  and  in  the  mean  time  to  keep  them  secret.  After  I 
returned  from  the  President's,  I  received  dispatches  from  A. 
Gallatin,  from  which  it  appears  that  he  has  come  to  a  stand 
in  negotiating  \vith  the  French  Government,  and  that  they 
have  determined  to  send  Mr.  Hyde  de  Neuville  back  here,  and 
to  transfer  the  negotiation  to  this  place. 

3d.  I  was  at  the  President's,  and  referred  to  him  the  proposals 
of  Mr.  Lynch,  of  New  York.  Lynch  is  partner  of  a  commercial 
house,  owners  of  a  steamship  called  the  Robert  Fulton,  which 
they  built  at  a  very  heavy  expense,  and  which  is  now  employed 
as  a  packet  between  New  York,  Charleston,  South  Carolina, 
the  Havanna,  and  New  Orleans.  She  has  performed  these 
passages  once  or  twice,  but  they  find  the  speculation  unprofit 
able.  They  wish,  therefore,  to  be  disburdened  of  their  ship, 
and  have  bethought  themselves  of  applying  to  the  Government 
to  take  it  off  their  hands.  They  had  been  informed  that  Com 
modore  Bainbridge,  who  went  out  last  spring  to  the  Mediterra 
nean  with  the  Columbus  line-of-battle  ship,  had  been  informally 


jpg  MEMOIRS   OF  JO  PIN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [November, 

charged  with  instructions  to  endeavor  to  ascertain  whether  a 
commercial  treaty  could  be  negotiated  with  the  Porte.  Mr. 
Luther  Bradish  had  also  some  authority  of  the  same  kind, 
and  went  out  with  Bainbridge.  Lynch's  project  is,  that  this 
Government  should  buy  the  steamship  and  make  a  present  of 
it  to  the  Grand  Seignor,  for  an  advantageous  treaty  of  com 
merce.  He  thinks  the  Turks  would  be  so  enraptured  with  the 
novelty  and  ingenuity  of  the  invention  that  it  would  bring  us 
a  treaty  upon  our  own  terms.  And,  as  we  are  not  quite  so 
sanguine,  Lynch  says  if  the  Government  will  not  buy  their 
ship  they  propose  to  send  her  to  Constantinople  on  their  pwn 
account,  and  sell  her  for  as  many  licenses  for  commercial  ves 
sels  to  pass  the  Dardanelles  and  trade  in  the  Black  Sea  as 
they  can  obtain.  But,  as  this  might  interfere  with  the  views 
of  the  Government  negotiation,  they  make  the  first  offer  to 
the  Government  itself. 

The  President  directed  a  meeting  of  the  members  of  the 
Administration,  to  consider  the  subject,  to-morrow.  I  wrote 
a  dispatch  to  R.  Rush. 

4th.  The  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  Administration  was 
held  at  the  President's.  Mr.  Lynch's  proposals  were  considered, 
and  it  was  determined,  unanimously,  not  to  accept  them.  It  is 
believed  that  an  opening  to  the  trade  of  the  Black  Sea,  and  a 
commercial  treaty  with  Turkey,  would  be  of  great  public  bene 
fit  ;  but  that  the  time  for  undertaking  to  accomplish  it  is  not 
yet  mature.  The  commercial  interest  in  the  community  desire 
it,  but  there  are  prejudices  against  it  in  other  quarters,  and 
great  opposition  to  any  movement  of  the  Government  to  effect 
it  must  be  expected.  Lynch  offered  to  send  the  ship  ostensibly 
on  the  account  of  the  house,  so  that  the  Government  should 
not  appear  in  the  transaction  at  all,  and  said  they  would  not 
ask  payment  for  the  ship  now,  or  until  the  whole  business 
should  be  completed ;  but  it  was  thought  most  proper  that  the 
Government  should  have  no  concern  in  the  transaction  at  all, 
and  I  was  directed  to  inform  Mr.  Lynch  that  the  house  might 
make  its  arrangements  for  the  disposal  of  the  ship  according  to 
its  view  of  its  own  interests ;  the  Government  deeming  it  not 
expedient  to  interpose  at  all  in  the  case. 


i820.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


199 


8th.  General  Vives,  the  Spanish  Minister,  came,  upon  his 
return  to  the  city  for  the  winter.  He  has  been  passing  the 
summer  at  Camden,  in  New  Jersey,  opposite  to  Philadelphia. 
He  spoke  to  me  of  a  note  which  he  addressed  to  me  the  23d  of 
last  month,  concerning  the  case  of  the  French  ship  Apollon, 
seized  in  the  Florida  waters,  opposite  to  St.  Mary's,  in  Geor 
gia.  I  have  never  received  this  note,  of  which  Vives  told  me 
he  would  therefore  send  me  a  duplicate.  He  also  requested 
answers  to  two  or  three  other  notes,  which  he  has  written  to 
me  on  other  subjects.  I  called  at  the  President's,  where  I  met 
Mr.  Calhoun.  The  President  is  engaged  in  preparing  his  mes 
sage  for  the  opening  of  the  session  of  Congress,  and  read  to 
us  what  he  had  written. 

1 2th.  I  called  upon  Mr.  Calhoun,  the  Secretary  of  War,  and 
rode  with  him  to  the  President's.  As  we  were  riding,  Calhoun 
spoke  to  me  with  great  concern  at  the  reappearance  of  the 
question  upon  the  admission  of  Missouri  as  a  State  into  the 
Union.  After  all  the  difficulty  with  which  it  was  compromised 
at  the  last  session  of  Congress,  the  Convention  which  made 
their  Constitution  has  raised  a  new  obstacle  by  an  article  de 
claring  it  to  be  the  duty  of  the  Legislature  to  pass  laws  pro 
hibiting  negroes  and  persons  of  color  from  coming  into  the 
State ;  which  is  directly  repugnant  to  the  article  in  the  Con 
stitution  of  the  United  States  which  provides  that  the  citizens 
of  each  State  shall  be  entitled  to  all  privileges  and  immunities 
of  citizens  in  the  several  States.  Calhoun  said  that  he  did  not 
know  how  this  difficulty  could  be  surmounted,  unless  by  con 
sidering  the  article  in  the  Missouri  Constitution  as  null  and 
void  upon  the  very  principle  of  its  repugnancy.  And  he  did 
not  know  whether  even  that  could  be  sufficient. 

The  meeting  at  the  President's  was  for  the  final  reading  of 
the  draft  of  his  message  to  Congress.  The  composition  of 
these  messages  is  upon  a  uniform  plan.  They  begin  with  gen 
eral  remarks  upon  the  condition  of  the  country,  noticing  recent 
occurrences  of  material  importance,  passing  encomiums  upon 
our  form  of  government,  paying  due  homage  to  the  sovereign 
power  of  the  people,  and  turning  to  account  every  topic  which 
can  afford  a  paragraph  of  public  gratulation ;  then  pass  in 


200  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [November, 

review  the  foreign  affairs ;  the  circumstances  of  our  relations 
with  the  principal  powers  of  Europe;  then,  looking  inwards, 
adverting  to  the  state  of  the  finances,  the  revenues,  public  ex 
penditures,  debts,  arid  land  sales,  the  progress  of  fortifications 
and  naval  armaments,  with  a  few  words  about  the  Indians,  and 
a  few  about  the  slave-trade. 

This  is  the  analysis  of  a  session-opening  message.  Mr. 
Monroe's  messages  have  always  had  a  long  paragraph  upon 
the  civil  war  between  Spain  and  her  Colonies,  and  there  is  one 
in  the  present  message.  There  was  some  discussion  about  it. 
I  have  always  thought  these  paragraphs  exotics  to  the  proper 
region  of  the  message;  which  might  just  as  well  descant  upon 
the  wars  of  the  English  in  India,  or  more  suitably  upon  the 
treaties  and  Congresses  of  the  European  allies.  The  only  differ 
ence  is,  that  Mr.  Clay  having  attempted  to  raise  an  opposition 
party  upon  a  sympathetic  feeling  in  the  people  of  this  country 
favorable  to  the  South  Americans,  and  having  insinuated  that 
Mr.  Monroe's  Administration  was  partial  against  the  South 
Americans,  the  President  has  thought  it  necessary  to  counter 
act  this  party  manoeuvring  by  professions  of  favor  to  them, 
repeated  at  every  session  of  Congress.  This  course  of  policy 
has  perhaps  been  necessary;  it  has  been  hitherto  successful. 
There  were  some  passages  in  the  draft  this  day  much  more 
favorable  to  the  colonists  than  the  facts  would  warrant.  Objec 
tions  were  made  to  them  by  Mr.  Calhoun,  and  the  President 
altered  several  of  them.  I  raised  none  of  these  objections,  re 
peating  what  I  had  said  at  the  drafting  of  a  former  message, 
that  whatever  the  President  would  strike  out  or  soften  upon 
that  subject  would  be  so  much  of  improvement  to  the  message. 
My  objection  to  it  is,  that,  our  system  being  professedly  neu 
trality,  any  avowal  of  partiality  for  the  South  Americans  was 
inconsistent  with  it,  and  liable  to  raise  doubts  of  our  sincerity. 
I  believe  that  these  paragraphs  of  the  message  have  been  the 
principal  real  cause  of  the  delay  of  Spain  to  ratify  the  Florida 
Treaty. 

The  paragraph  respecting  the  finances  for  this  message  has 
been  of  some  delicacy.  A  loan  of  three  millions  of  dollars, 
authorized  at  the  last  session  of  Congress,  has  not  been  suffi- 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  2Ql 

cient  to  cover  the  deficiency  of  revenue  in  the  year.  The 
depression  of  the  agricultural,  manufacturing,  and  commercial 
interests  would  scarcely  admit  of  the  proposal  of  new  taxes,  if 
there  were  not  other  reasons  to  prevent  it.  Mr.  Crawford  has 
motives  of  his  own  for  steering  clear  of  any  proposal  for  taxa 
tion,  and  his  resource  is  more  borrowing.  The  paragraph  in 
the  message  concerning  the  finances  was  drawn  by  him.  It 
presents  only  the  fair  side  of  the  subject,  dwelling  entirely 
upon  what  has  been  done  since  the  peace,  and  referring  for 
the  present  state  of  the  Treasury  to  the  annual  report  of 
the  Secretary. 

The  paragraphs  respecting  foreign  affairs,  though  first  in 
order  in  the  exposition  of  the  message,  have  been  delayed  in 
the  expectation  of  intelligence  from  Europe.  For  this  part  of 
the  message  the  President  usually  refers  to  me.  The  subjects 
to  be  noticed  were — the  state  of  our  intercourse  with  the  British 
West  Indies  ;  that  of  the  commercial  negotiation  with  France; 
the  slave  question  referred  to  the  Emperor  of  Russia ;  and  the 
present  aspects  of  the  Florida  Treaty  in  Spain.  All  these  affairs, 
excepting  the  first,  are  "  in  transitu."  I  have  from  time  to  time 
suggested  what  I  thought  should  be  said  of  them,  and  drew 
up  the  passages  respecting  the  relations  with  France  and  with 
Russia,  which  the  President  adopted  with  some  alterations. 

The  view  of  affairs  depending  on  the  War  and  Navy  De 
partments  consisted  of  the  statements  of  progress  made  in 
erecting  fortifications  and  in  building  a  navy.  The  last  sen 
tence  mentioned  the  capture  of  several  vessels  concerned  in 
the  slave-trade.  The  President  said  he  had  been  thinking  of 
adding  another  sentence,  of  a  general  nature,  by  way  of  con 
clusion,  which  I  told  him  I  wished  he  would,  being  quite  un 
willing  to  see  him  close  with  "  disgraceful  traffic."  These  were 
the  last  words  of  the  message. 

o 

He  laughed  heartily  at  the  remark. 

1 3th.  The  second  session  of  the  Sixteenth  Congress  com 
menced  this  day.  A  quorum  of  both  Houses  was  formed. 
John  Gaillard  took  the  chair  of  the  Senate  as  President  pro 
tempore,  the  Vice-President  being  absent.  The  House  of 
Representatives  was  called  to  order  by  their  Clerk,  and  a  letter 


202  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.        [November, 

from  Henry  Clay  was  read  resigning  his  office  as  Speaker.  A 
contest  immediately  ensued  for  the  choice  of  his  successor. 
Seven  ballots  were  taken,  without  effecting  a  choice.  The  prin 
cipal  candidates  were  John  W.  Taylor,  of  New  York,  and  Wil 
liam  Lowndes,  of  South  Carolina.  The  Missouri  question  was 
the  principal  test  of  the  votes.  Taylor  seconded  the  first  mo 
tion  which  brought  up  this  controversy,  and  at  the  last  session 
of  Congress  was  the  leading  champion  of  the  restriction  party. 
Lowndes  is  the  ablest  and  most  popular  man  on  the  other  side. 
But  on  the  free  side  there  were  some  votes  for  John  Sergeant, 
of  Pennsylvania,  and  on  the  slave  side,  General  S.  Smith,  of 
Maryland,  had  conceived  a  passion  to  be  Speaker,  and  had 
personal  friends  and  Maryland  members  enough  adhering  to 
him  to  defeat  the  election  of  Lowndes.  After  the  seventh  in 
effectual  ballot  the  House  adjourned. 

I4th.  The  House  of  Representatives  this  day  balloted  twelve 
times,  and  then  adjourned  again,  without  accomplishing  the 
choice  of  a  Speaker.  The  leading  candidates  at  the  close  were 
still  Taylor  and  Lowndes ;  but  in  the  course  of  the  balloting 
S.  Smith  and  Sergeant  were  run  up  to  leading  votes.  The 
objection  to  Sergeant  is  that  he  belongs  to  the  federal  party. 
That  to  Smith  is  that  he  is  ruined  in  fortune  and  reputation, 
owing  a  disgraceful  debt  of  more  than  a  million  and  a  half  to 
the  Bank  of  the  United  States,  which  will  never  be  paid,  and 
having  no  better  excuse  for  it  than  that  it  was  made,  he  knows 
not  how,  by  his  partner,  Buchanan ;  notwithstanding  all  which, 
the  people  of  Baltimore  continue  to  choose  this  man  their  repre 
sentative,  and  he  commands  votes  enough  to  defeat  the  election 
as  Speaker  of  Lowndes,  a  man  of  irreproachable  character, 
amiable  disposition,  and  popular  manners. 

1 5th.  The  House  of  Representatives  this  day,  at  the  third 
ballot,  being  the  twenty-second  from  the  meeting  of  the  House, 
made  choice  of  John  W.  Taylor,  of  New  York,  as  Speaker. 
There  were  one  hundred  and  forty-eight  members  present,  con 
sequently  seventy-five  votes  necessary  for  a  choice.  Taylor 
had  seventy-six.  The  two  Houses  immediately  gave  notice 
by  a  joint  committee  to  the  President  that  they  were  organized 
and  ready  to  receive  any  communication  from  him.  The  mes- 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

sage  was  sent  by  the  President's  nephew,  James  Monroe,  Junior, 
about  three  o'clock. 

1 8th.  Members  of  Congress,  visitors  at  the  office,  occupied 
again  all  the  hours  of  business.  This  rapid  and  continual 
change  of  persons  and  of  subjects  calling  for  attention  has 
such  an  effect  upon  the  memory  that  the  proverbial  defect  of 
that  quality  may  be  accounted  for  without  supposing  it  inten 
tional  or  pretended.  Every  man  comes  with  a  story,  demand, 
or  solicitation  of  his  own ;  almost  every  one  comes  to  ask 
favors.  No  sooner  has  one  left  the  office  than  another  enters. 
I  have  often  attempted  to  keep  a  minute  of  the  names  of  the 
persons  who  come  from  day  to  day,  but  without  success.  I 
have  not  time  to  write  the  name  of  one  who  retires  before 
another  comes  in.  Eight  or  ten  thus  succeed  one  another 
without  leaving  a  moment's  interval.  When  they  are  gone, 
often  while  some  of  them  are  here,  comes  in  a  mail  of  letters, 
dispatches,  and  newspapers.  Pressing  business  of  the  office, 
suspended  while  the  visitors  are  with  me,  admits  of  no  further 
delay.  The  sun  goes  down  upon  business  uncompleted.  The 
hour  of  necessary  retirement  comes ;  and  if  I  attempt  the  next 
morning  to  minute  the  names  of  visitors  of  the  preceding  day, 
the  chance  is  that  half  of  them  escape  recollection. 

2Oth.  The  Speaker,  John  W.  Taylor,  was  in  his  chamber, 
and  I  had  half  an  hour's  conversation  with  him.  He  took 
some  pains  to  convince  me  that  he  was  not  a  partisan  of  De 
Witt  Clinton's.  He  has  been  so  considered,  and  that  was  the 
cause  of  the  great  difficulty  with  which  a  majority  was  at  last 
obtained  for  him  as  Speaker.  The  Anti-Clintonians  or  Tomp- 
kinsian  New  York  members  held  back,  and  would  not  vote  for 
him  until  he  had  explicitly  declared  to  one  of  them  that  he 
was  not  a  Clintonian.  He  spoke  to  me  this  evening  of  Clinton 
very  lightly,  and  said  that  the  Southern  people  had  ascribed  to 
Clinton  the  origin  of  the  Missouri  question  without  a  shadow 
of  foundation ;  that,  so  far  from  it,  Clinton  had  in  the  first 
instance  entirely  discouraged,  and  never  gave  any  countenance 
to  it  until  he  discovered  its  great  popularity  in  the  State. 
Taylor  also  told  me  that  he  was  friendly  to  the  Administration, 
but  intimated  that  the  President  had  once  promised  to  appoint 


204  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.       [November, 

him  District  Judge  of  the  Western  District  of  New  York,  and 
afterwards  appointed  another  person.  Taylor  also  told  me  that 
on  the  Missouri  Constitution  he  had  appointed  a  committee 
who  would  report  in  favor  of  the  admission  of  the  State.  This 
was  according  to  the  usual  principle,  that  committees  should  be 
selected  favorable  to  the  object  of  their  appointment — because 
their  report  then  brings  the  subject  in  the  fairest  way  before  the 
House  for  consideration.  The  committee  are  Lowndes,  of  South 
Carolina,  Sergeant,  of  Pennsylvania,  and  Smith,  of  Maryland. 

2 1  st.  I  dined  at  the  President's  with  a  company  of  about 
thirty-five  persons,  members  of  Congress  principally — all  men; 
the  state  of  Mrs.  Monroe's  health  not  admitting  of  her  attend 
ance  at  numerous  dinner-parties.  There  was  a  reappearance 
of  the  jealousies  about  precedence  at  this  dinner.  The  Presi 
dent  of  the  Senate  and  the  Speaker  of  the  House  of  Repre 
sentatives  sat  on  the  two  sides  of  the  President,  and  Mr. 
Macon,  a  Senator  from  North  Carolina,  opposite  to  him,  the 
President  sitting  at  the  centre  of  the  table.  The  President 
told  me  he  had  asked  Mr.  Macon  to  take  that  seat.  Macon 
is  a  stern  Republican,  who  has  been  about  twenty-five  years 
without  interruption  in  Congress — a  man  of  small  parts  and 
mean  education,  but  of  rigid  integrity,  and  a  blunt,  though  not 
offensive,  deportment.  He  was  several  years  Speaker  of  the 
House  of  Representatives,  and  is  now  one  of  the  most  influen 
tial  members  of  the  Senate.  His  integrity,  his  indefatigable 
attention  to  business,  and  his  long  experience  give  him  a 
weight  of  character  and  consideration  which  few  men  of  far 
superior  minds  ever  acquire.  One  of  the  great  foundations  of 
his  popularity  is  his  parsimony.  He  votes  against  all  claims 
and  all  new  appropriations.  Nothing  takes  with  the  people 
like  this  stubborn  opposition  to  expense. 

22d.  Colonel  Thomas  Forrest,  a  member  of  the  House  of 
Representatives  from  Pennsylvania,  was  here  this  morning ;  he 
retains  by  courtesy  his  title  of  colonel,  which  he  held  during 
our  Revolutionary  War,  though  he  is  now  a  Quaker  in  full 
communion,  wearing  the  drab-colored  suit  of  broadcloth  rai 
ment  and  the  broad-brimmed  hat,  never  taken  off  for  salutation 
or  civility,  and  thou  and  theeing  all  with  whom  he  converses, 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE:  2O$ 

The  humorous  contrast  in  his  character  is  the  luxuriant  delight 
with  which  he  glories  in  his  military  services,  and  the  indica 
tions  constantly  oozing  out  from  his  discourse  that  he  con 
siders  personal  courage  the  first  of  human  virtues,  united  with 
all  the  ostensible  formalities  of  Quakerism.  He  entertained 
me  this  day  with  a  long  account  of  the  share  he  had  in  the 
passage  of  the  Delaware  and  capture  of  the  Hessians  at  Tren 
ton,  25th-26th  December,  1776 — Sully's  picture  of  which,  he 
says,  is  good  for  nothing.  The  incidents  of  those  two  days 
have  been  so  riveted  in  his  memory  by  its  continual  recurrence 
to  them  through  a  period  of  forty-four  years,  that  they  are  fresh 
in  his  mind  as  if  they  had  happened  yesterday.  He  remembers 
every  person  who  was  there ;  every  word  that  was  said ;  every 
look  that  was  cast  by  General  Washington ;  and  every  recol 
lection  comes  with  a  perfume  of  fragrance  to  his  soul.  This 
is  the  most  exquisite  of  human  enjoyments — the  memory  by 
which  one's  own  conduct  is  linked  with  scenes  of  deep  danger 
and  distress  issuing  in  resplendent  glory.  The  colonel  is 
seventy  years  of  age  or  more,  but  has  yet  much  activity  and 
apparent  vigor  of  constitution. 

24th.  Numerous  visitors  at  the  office — Dr.  Eustis,  Mr.  Kins 
ley,  of  Maine,  and  Mr.  Plumer,  of  New  Hampshire,  members 
of  the  House  of  Representatives,  and  Mr.  James  Monroe,  Jr., 
the  President's  nephew,  who  came  concerning  some  papers  to 
be  sent  to  Congress.  Eustis  apologized  for  not  having  dined 
with  us  yesterday,  saying  that  from  the  state  of  his  health  he 
had  made  it  a  rule  not  to  expose  himself  abroad  in  the  evening. 
But  he  came  to  consult  me  upon  the  Missouri  question.  The 
clause  in  their  Constitution  was  directly  repugnant  to  the  article 
in  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States.  He  had  no  doubt  of 
that,  nor  had  I ;  but  what  was  to  be  done  ?  I  said  the  course 
appeared  to  me  very  obvious.  Pass  a  resolution  declaring  the 
State  to  be  admitted  from  and  after  the  time  when  they  shall 
have  expunged  from  their  Constitution  the  article  repugnant  to 
the  Constitution  of  the  United  States.  He  said  that  was  pre 
cisely  what  he  intended  to  propose ;  but  he  intimated  a  distrust 
of  many  of  those  who  are  on  the  free  side  of  the  question. 

Plumer  spoke  to  me  on  two  subjects.     One,  the  appointment 


206  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.       [November, 

of  a  District  Attorney  in  New  Hampshire,  upon  which  he  ex 
pressed  a  wish  for  the  reappointment  of  Mr.  Humphreys.  The 
other  related  to  the  approaching  election  of  President  and  Vice- 
President  of  the  United  States.  His  father  is  chosen  one  of  the 
electors  for  the  State  of  New  Hampshire,  and  has  intimated  to 
him  that  there  and  in  Massachusetts  there  are  persons  unwilling 
to  vote  for  the  re-election  of  D.  D.  Tompkins  as  Vice-President, 
and  disposed  to  vote  for  me;  not  with  an  expectation  or  inten 
tion  of  success,  but  with  a  prospective  view  of  holding  up  my 
name  to  view  at  a  future  period ;  and  has  enquired  whether  it 
was  with  my  approbation.  I  answered,  Certainly  not;  that  my 
wish  was  that  both  Mr.  Monroe  as  President  and  Mr.  Tomp 
kins  as  Vice-President  should  be  re-elected  unanimously ;  but, 
however  that  might  be,  that  there  should  not  be  a  single  vote 
given  for  me,  and  I  requested  him  to  write  so  immediately.  As 
to  Massachusetts,  I  told  him  it  would  be  peculiarly  disagreeable 
to  me  that  any  such  votes  should  be  given,  because  my  own 
father  had  been  chosen  one  of  the  electors. 

25th.  At  the  office  there  were  Mr.  Rufus  King,  Senator 
from  New  York,  Mr.  Lowndes,  of  South  Carolina,  and  Mr. 
Fuller,  of  Massachusetts.  The  object  of  Mr.  King's  visit  was 
to  make  general  enquiries  concerning  the  state  of  our  foreign 
relations  with  England,  France,  and  Spain,  of  which  I  gave 
him  all  the  current  information.  Upon  the  Missouri  question 
he  has  much  cooled  down  since  last  winter.  The  question 
is  now  not  the  same  as  it  was  then,  and  is  much  more  clear 
against  Missouri.  But  he  has  discovered  that  the  people  of 
the  North,  like  many  of  their  Representatives  in  Congress, 
flinch  from  the  consequences  of  this  question,  and  will  not  bear 
their  leaders  out.  Personal  and  ambitious  motives  have  also 
been  imputed  to  Mr.  King  for  the  part  he  has  taken  in  this 
affair.  The  old  party  feelings  have  been  revived  against  him, 
and  his  conduct  in  the  old  controversy  about  the  navigation  of 
the  Mississippi  with  Spain,  in  the  Congress  of  the  Confederation, 
is  remembered.  He  says  that,  as  a  statesman  of  the  Union,  he 
has  lost  rather  than  gained  ground  by  his  ardent  pursuit  of 
this  slavery  question,  and  seems  now  disposed  to  say  little 
more  about  it.  Mr.  Lowndes,  as  Chairman  of  the  Committee 


iS20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  2O/ 

on  the  Missouri  Constitution,  made,  the  day  before  yesterday, 
a  report  to  the  House,  concluding  with  a  resolution  for  the  ad 
mission  of  the  State.  He  came  now  to  examine  the  laws  of 
the  States  respecting  negroes  and  people  of  color,  to  prepare 
for  the  expected  debate  upon  the  resolution  of  the  committee. 
27th.  One  of  the  obligations  to  which  I  must  submit,  and 
which,  during  the  early  part  of  every  session  of  Congress,  ab 
sorbs  more  time  than  I  am  willing  to  bestow  upon  it,  is  that 
of  returning-  the  visits  of  all  the  members  of  both  Houses  who 

o 

choose  to  call  upon  me.  A  pretension  was  raised  by  some  of 
the  members  of  the  Senate  that  the  heads  of  Departments 
should,  at  every  session,  pay  a  first  visit  to  every  Senator. 
With  this  I  did  not  comply;  whence  it  has  happened  that  eight 
or  ten  Senators  have  declined  accepting  any  invitation  to  my 
house.  At  the  two  last  sessions  it  was  made  a  subject  of  cabal 
ling  and  intrigue  against  me,  until,  in  self-defence,  I  was  obliged 
to  write  a  letter  to  the  President,  and  another  to  the  Vice-Presi- 
dent,  stating  my  principles  and  my  reasons  for  them.  Since 
then  the  clamor  has  in  some  degree  subsided.  It  is  known 
and  understood  that  I  pay  no  first  visit  of  form  to  any  member 
of  either  House  of  Congress,  and  that  I  expect  none  from  them. 
Most  of  the  Senators  have  accommodated  themselves  to  this 
arrangement.  A  few  of  them  call  at  my  house,  or  at  the  office, 
soon  after  their  arrival.  Others,  without  visiting,  accept  invi 
tations  to  my  house.  Many  members  of  the  House  of  Repre 
sentatives  visit  me,  and  all  such  visits  must  be  returned.  I 
visited  this  morning  Mr.  Fuller,  who  introduced  me  to  Dr. 
William  Darlington,  Robert  Clark,  Jacob  Hibshman,  Jacob 
Hostetter,  and  perhaps  two  or  three  others,  members  from 
Pennsylvania,  with  whom  he  lodges.  I  called  also  at  Brown's 
Hotel,  and  left  cards  for  several  members  who  lodge  there,  and 
at  Mrs.  Peyton's,  where  I  found  Mr.  Edwards,  the  Senator  from 
Illinois,  confined  to  his  chamber  with  the  influenza. 

While  I  was  with  him,  Mr.  Van  Swearingen,  a  kinsman  of  his, 
member  of  the  House  of  Representatives  from  Virginia,  came 
in.  Edwards  had  begun  to  talk  upon  the  subject  which  he  has 
most  at  heart,  when  we  were  interrupted.  His  colleague  in  the 
Senate,  Jesse  B.  Thomas,  and  he  are  rivals  in  the  State  of  Illi- 


2o8  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [November, 

nois ;  each  of  them  has  partisans  to  provide  for,  and  each  of 
them  urges  with  great  earnestness  his  particular  friends  for  the 
appointments  of  the  General  Government  in  the  State.  Edwards 
says  that  his  friends  are  the  friends  of  Mr.  Monroe  and  his  Ad 
ministration,  and  are  also  men  of  character  and  reputation  ; 
that  the  persons  recommended  by  Thomas  are  bitter  enemies 
of  the  Administration,  men  of  tarnished  fame,  partisans  of 
Thomas  and  of  Mr.  Crawford,  and  supported  by  Thomas  for 
no  other  quality  than  their  aptitude  for  electioneering  in  the 
bar-rooms  of  taverns ;  yet  of  such  persons  the  President  has 
nominated  to  the  Senate  five  out  of  six  appointments  to  be 
made  in  the  State.  Edwards  said  that,  however  reluctant  he 
was  formally  to  oppose  the  confirmation  of  a  nomination  made 
by  the  President  in  the  Senate,  he  should  yet  be  compelled  to 
do  it,  and  had  explicitly  told  his  colleague  that  he  should.  But 
he  thought  the  President  did  not  sufficiently  consider  the  effect 
of  his  own  course  in  the  State.  It  might  be  magnanimous  to 
distribute  the  offices  of  Government  in  equal  proportions  among 
his  enemies  and  his  friends,  but  to  give  five-sixths  of  them  to 
his  enemies  was  to  advertise  a  premium  for  opposition  and 
to  denounce  a  penalty  for  friendship.  Edwards  intimated  also 
that  he  thought  I  was  not  sufficiently  earnest  in  pressing 
these  things  upon  the  consideration  of  the  President.  I  had 
not  the  opportunity  of  explaining  to  him  the  principles  of  my 
own  reserve  in  my  intercourse  with  the  President  respecting 
appointments. 

29th.  I  returned  Mr.  Baldwin's  visit,  and  had  a  long  conver 
sation  with  him  on  the  subject  of  the  Missouri  question  of  the 
present  session,  which  he  agreed  was  a  totally  different  question 
from  that  of  the  last.  He  said,  however,  that  those  who  now 
objected  to  the  admission  of  Missouri,  on  the  ground  of  the 
exceptionable  article  in  her  Constitution,  connected  the  restric 
tion  question  of  the  last  session  with  it,  and  wished  to  reopen 
the  whole  controversy. 

I  told  him  I  believed  there  would  be  a  very  small  portion  of 
the  House  for  that,  and  I  thought  it  would  be  quite  unjustifi 
able;  but  the  article  in  the  Missouri  Constitution  was  directly 
repugnant  to  the  rights  reserved  to  every  citizen  of  the  Union 


i820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  209 

in  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States.  Its  purport  went  to 
disfranchise  all  the  people  of  color  who  were  citizens  of  the  free 
StaTesT  The  Legislatures  of  those  States  were  bound  in  duty 
to  protect  the  rights  of  their  own  citizens ;  and  if  Congress,  by 
the  admission  of  Missouri  with  that  clause  in  her  Constitu 
tion,  should  sanction  this  outrage  upon  those  rights,  the  States, 
a  portion  of  whose  citizens  should  be  thus  cast  out  from  the 
pale  of  the  Union,  would  be  bound  to  vindicate  them  by  retali 
ation.  And  if  I  were  a  member  of  the  Legislature  of  one  of 
those  States,  I  would  move  for  a  declaratory  act,  that  so  long  as 
the  article  in  the  Constitution  of  Missouri  depriving  the  colored 
citizens  of  the  State,  say  of  Massachusetts,  of  their  rights  as 
citizens  of  the  United  States  within  the  State  of  Missouri, 
should  subsist,  so  long  the  white  citizens  of  the  State  of  Mis 
souri  should  be  held  as  aliens  within  the  Commonwealth  of 
Massachusetts,  not  entitled  to  claim  or  enjoy  within  the  same 
any  right  or  privilege  of  a  citizen  of  the  United  States.  And  I 
would  go  further,  and  declare  that  Congress  having,  by  their 
sanction  of  the  Missouri  Constitution,  by  admitting  that  State 
into  the  Union  without  excepting  against  that  article  which 
disfranchised  a  portion  of  the  citizens  of  Massachusetts,  had 
violated  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States;  wherefore,  until 
that  portion  of  the  citizens  of  Massachusetts  whose  rights  are 
violated  by  the  article  in  the  Missouri  Constitution  should  be 
redintegrated  in  the  full  enjoyment  and  possession  of  those 
rights,  no  clause  or  article  of  the  Constitution  of  the  United 
States  should,  within  the  Commonwealth  of  Massachusetts,  be 
so  construed  as  to  authorize  any  person  whomsoever  to  claim 
the  property  or  possession  of  a  human  being  as  a  slave.  And 
I  would  prohibit  by  law  the  delivery  of  any  fugitive  slave  upon 
the  claim  of  his  master.  All  which  I  would  do,  not  to  violate, 
but  to  redeem  from  violation,  the  Constitution  of  the  United 
States.  It  was  indeed  to  be  expected  that  such  laws  would 
again  be  met  by  retaliatory  laws  of  Missouri  and  the  other 
slave-holding  States,  and  the  consequence  would  be  the  disso 
lution  "  de  facto"  of  the  Union,  but  that  dissolution  would  have 
commenced  by  the  article  in  the  Missouri  Constitution.  That 
article  was  in  itself  a  dissolution  of  the  Union.  If  acquiesced 

VOL.  V. — 14 


2io  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.       [November, 

in,  it  would  change  the  terms  of  the  federal  compact — change 
its  terms  by  robbing  thousands  of  citizens  of  their  rights.  And 
what  citizens  ?  The  poor,  the  unfortunate,  the  helpless.  Al 
ready  cursed  by  the  mere  color  of  their  skin,  already  doomed 
by  their  complexion  to  drudge  in  the  lowest  offices  of  society, 
excluded  by  their  color  from  all  the  refined  enjoyments  of  life 
accessible  to  others,  excluded  from  the  benefits  of  a  liberal 
education,  from  the  bed,  from  the  table,  and  from  all  the  social 
comforts  of  domestic  life,  this  barbarous  article  deprives  them 
of  the  little  remnant  of  right  yet  left  them — their  rights  as  citi 
zens  and  as  men.  Weak  and  defenceless  as  they  are,  so  much 
the  more  sacred  is  the  obligation  of  the  Legislature  of  the 
States  to  which  they  belong  to  defend  their  lawful  rights ;  and 
I  would  defend  them  should  the  dissolution  of  the  Union  be 
the  consequence.  For  it  would  not  be  the  defence,  it  would 
be  the  violation  of  their  rights,  to  which  all  the  consequences 
would  be  imputable ;  and  if  the  dissolution  of  the  Union  must 
come,  let  it  come  from  no  other  cause  but  this.  If  slavery 
be  the  destined  sword  in  the  hand  of  the  destroying  angel 
which  is  to  sever  the  ties  of  this  Union,  the  same  sword  will 
cut  in  sunder  the  bonds  of  slavery  itself.  A  dissolution  of  the 
Union  for  the  cause  of  slavery  would  be  followed  by  a  servile 
war  in  the  slave-holding  States,  combined  with  a  war  between 
the  two  severed  portions  of  the  Union.  It  seems  to  me  that 
its  result  must  be  the  extirpation  of  slavery  from  this  whole 
continent;  and,  calamitous  and  desolating  as  this  course  of 
events  in  its  progress  must  be,  so  glorious  would  be  its  final 
issue,  that,  as  God  shall  judge  me,  I  dare  not  say  that  it  is 
not  to  be  desired. 

Baldwin  said  that  he  entertained  different  opinions  from  mine 
of  this  class  of  our  population  ;  that  he  thought  them  far  more 
mischievous  than  useful;  that  of  all  the  petty  crimes  committed 
in  the  part  of  the  country  where  he  resided,  nine-tenths  were 
by  free  people  of  color;  that  he  believed  it  to  be  the  same 
throughout  the  country,  though  there  might  be  an  exception 
in  the  Eastern  States ;  that  all  the  States  made  laws  for  the 
exclusion  of  paupers  and  vagabonds,  and  persons  whose  resi 
dence  within  the  State  would  become  a  nuisance  ;  but  that,  for 


1 8 20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  2II 

his  part,  he  was  willing  to  admit  Missouri  in  any  form  in  which 
it  had  been  proposed,  with  the  condition  or  without  it. 

I  asked  him  how  he  expected  to  succeed  this  session  with  his 
tariff.  He  said  he  hoped  better  than  the  last ;  in  which  I  think 
he  will  be  disappointed. 

December  3d.  Paid  visits  to  N.  Edwards  and  Freeman  Walker, 
Senators  from  Illinois  and  Georgia,  lodging  at  Mrs.  Peyton's. 
Edwards  is  still  afflicted  with  the  influenza,  which  continues  to 
prevail  almost  universally.  I  have  it  yet  myself  slightly,  with 
the  ordinary  symptoms  only  of  a  cold,  but  with  the  peculiarity 
that  it  seems  to  be  intermitting,  occasionally  disappearing  for 
three  or  four  days,  and  then  returning.  Walker  is  a  young 
man,  and  enjoys  a  high  reputation  for  abilities  and  integrity. 
He  has  also  a  handsome  person  and  pleasing  deportment. 
Edwards  says  that  in  the  party  controversies  of  Georgia,  which 
are  exceedingly  violent,  Walker  is  neutral.  The  heads  of  the 
two  parties  are  Mr.  Crawford,  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury, 
and  John  Clark,  Governor  of  Georgia.  Clark  and  Crawford 
have  fought  one  duel,  in  which  Crawford  was  wounded  in  the 
left  hand.  About  two  months  since,  Clark  published  a  pam 
phlet  containing  a  history  of  the  feud  between  him  and  Craw 
ford,  which  is  of  nearly  twenty  years'  standing.  The  narrative 
exhibits  Crawford  in  the  most  odious  light,  as  sacrificing  every 
principle  to  his  ambition,  and  states  a  series  of  facts,  supported 
by  documents,  so  very  disadvantageous  to  Crawford's  character 
that  it  seemed  to  require  an  answer.  None,  however,  has  yet 
appeared.  Clark  complains  that  at  the  duel  Crawford,  coun 
tenanced  by  his  second,  refused  to  take  another  shot,  merely 
because  his  left  hand  was  disabled ;  and  that  he  afterwards 
declined  fighting  him  on  a  second  challenge.  As  Crawford 
had  already  killed  one  man  in  a  duel,  these  refusals  to  fight 
are  more  to  his  credit  than  his  disadvantage.  But  the  whole 
tissue  of  his  conduct  towards  Clark,  as  stated  in  the  pamphlet, 
has  been  altogether  unjustifiable.  He  proves  beyond  reason 
able  doubt  that  the  attack  upon  General  Jackson,  and  through 
him  upon  me,  in  the  affair  of  the  Seminole  War,  was  com 
menced,  organized,  and  instigated  by  Crawford.  But  he  more 
than  insinuates  that  Crawford  was  concerned  with  the  Indian 


212  MEMOIRS   OF   JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [December, 

Agent  Mitchell  in  smuggling  African  slaves  into  Georgia  from 
Amelia  Island.  This  I  totally  disbelieve.  The  pamphlet  has 
produced  an  effect  unfavorable  to  Crawford's  reputation  as  a 
man,  and  the  present  state  of  the  Treasury  does  him  no  credit 
as  a  financier.  His  friends,  however,  are  numerous,  perse 
vering,  and  well  trained  to  political  intrigue. 

nth.  Mr.  Bates,  the  delegate  from  the  Arkansas  Territory, 
was  at  the  office.  Two  or  three  judges  for  that  Territory  have 
been  appointed  upon  allegations  that  they  were  going  to  settle 
there,  and  urgent  solicitations  from  their  friends.  They  have 
accepted  the  appointments,  and  received  the  salaries  to  the  last 
hour  that  they  could,  and  never  went  to  the  Territory,  or  never 
held  a  Court  there.  One  of  them  even  wrote  to  me  last  spring 
requesting  me  to  consider  him  as  resigning  his  commission 
after  the  4th  of  July,  that  he  might  be  able  to  receive  until 
then  the  salary  of  the  office  without  performing  any  of  its 
duties.  The  last  appointment  was  of  a  Mr.  Thompson,  of 
Ohio,  who  for  six  months  has  neither  accepted  nor  declined. 
The  President  is  embarrassed  whether  to  nominate  him  to  the 
Senate — his  commission  having  issued  during  the  recess  of  the 
Senate — or  to  pass  him  over  and  nominate  another.  The  Ter 
ritory  has  by  this  scandalous  management  been  nearly  two 
years  without  any  organized  judiciary,  of  which  their  Legis 
lature  have  complained  by  a  memorial  to  the  Congress.  Bates 
now  recommends  a  resident  of  the  Territory ;  but  Colonel  R. 
M.  Johnson  wishes  the  appointment  of  a  brother  of  his  own. 

1 8th.  Mr.  Baring,  a  son  of  Alexander  Baring,  of  London, 
brought  me  a  letter  of  introduction  from  his  father.  He  arrived 
a  few  days  since  from  England,  at  New  York.  Young  Labou- 
chere,  his  cousin,  who  was  here  last  winter,  is  now  with  him. 
These  young  men,  when  I  was  last  in  England,  were  boys. 
Baring  was  at  school  at  Geneva. 

Mr.  Sanderson  came  to  the  office.  He  has  undertaken  the 
publication  of  a  biography  of  the  Signers  of  the  Declaration  of 
Independence,  and  has  repeatedly  applied  to  me  to  furnish  him 
a  life  of  my  father.  He  came  now  to  bring  the  first  volume, 
which  contains  a  preliminary  discourse,  and  the  life  of  John 
Hancock.  I  made  a  number  of  enquiries  of  Mr.  Sanderson  to 


1 8 20.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

ascertain  the  principles  upon  which  this  work  will  be  con 
ducted,  and  how  far  the  proper  sources  of  information  have 
been  explored.  I  asked  him  whether  the  lives  were  to  be 
panegyrics  or  historical  biographies.  The  applications  have 
been  to  the  families  of  each  individual,  who  will  furnish  what 
materials  they  please,  and  whose  contributions  to  the  biogra 
phies  will  be  tainted  at  least  with  all  the  partialities  of  friend 
ship.  I  asked  him  if  the  dissensions  and  antagonisms  of  all 
these  patriots  among  themselves — their  mutual  oppositions  and 
animosities,  their  errors  and  their  vices — were  to  be  included 
in  the  narratives  of  their  lives.  He  was  not  very  well  prepared 
to  answer  these  questions.  He  did  not  exactly  know  how  the 
work  would  be  conducted.  I  asked  him  who  was  to  furnish 
the  life  of  Samuel  Chase.  He  believed  that  was  not  settled. 
At  this  I  expressed  some  surprise,  and  enquired  whether  the 
publishers  of  the  work  were  aware  how  conspicuous  that  name 
ought  to  be  in  the  catalogue  of  the  signers  of  the  Declaration. 
He  said  that  application  had  been  made  to  his  family  for  access 
to  his  papers,  but  he  had  no  papers  that  could  be  applied  with 
any  use  to  this  purpose.  I  told  him  I  considered  Mr.  Chase 
as  one  of  the  men  whose  life,  conduct,  and  opinions  had  been 
of  the  most  extensive  influence  upon  the  Constitution  of  this 
country.  He  not  only  signed  the  Declaration  of  Independence, 
but  was  an  active  and  distinguished  member  of  the  Congress 
during  the  early  and  most  critical  period  of  the  Revolution. 
He  was  a  man  of  ardent  passions,  of  strong  mind,  of  domineer 
ing  temper.  His  life  was  consequently  turbulent  and  boisterous. 
He  had  for  some  years  almost  uncontrolled  dominion  over  the 
politics  of  the  State  of  Maryland ;  at  other  times  unpopular  in 
the  extreme,  and  was  more  than  once  impeached.  Appointed 
by  President  Washington  one  of  the  Judges  of  the  Supreme 
Court  of  the  United  States,  he  had  continued  in  that  office  up 
wards  of  twenty  years,  until  his  death.  He  was  the  only  Judge 
of  that  Court  who  had  ever  been  impeached.  His  impeachment 
had  settled  some  principles  and  some  practice  of  our  Constitu 
tional  law.  But  he  himself,  as  a  judge,  had  settled  others  of 
the  highest  importance — one  of  them,  in  my  opinion,  of  very 
pernicious  importance.  He  decided,  as  I  think,  directly  in  the 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QU1NCY  ADAMS.         [December, 

face  of  an  amendatory  article  of  the  Constitution  of  the  United 
States  (the  seventh),  that  this  Union  in  its  federative  capacity 
has  no  common  law — a  decision  which  has  crippled  the  powers 
not  only  of  the  judiciary,  but  of  all  the  Departments  of  the 
National  Government.  The  reasons  upon  which  he  rested  that 
decision  are  not  sound,  but,  as  they  flattered  the  popular  preju 
dices,  it  has  remained  unreversed  to  this  day.  Mr.  Chase's  life 
is  among  those  which,  if  historically  written,  will  be  of  the 
highest  interest  and  may  give  occasion  to  the  freest  and  most 
useful  discussion.  Sanderson  said  the  intention  was  to  write 
the  lives  freely,  but  not  controversially.  He  was,  however, 
convinced  of  the  importance  of  the  views  I  had  taken  of  the 
life  of  Mr.  Chase. 

Mr.  Canning  came,  and  occupied  the  remaining  office-hours 
till  six.  His  principal  object  was  to  have  further  conversa 
tion  upon  the  subject  of  the  slave-trade.  On  the  4th  of  this 
month  a  resolution  passed  the  House  of  Representatives,  on 
the  motion  of  C.  F.  Mercer,  calling  upon  the  President  for 
copies  of  the  correspondence  with  any  of  the  foreign  maritime 
powers  relating  to  the  slave-trade.  Mr.  Canning  now  reminded 
me  that  in  some  of  our  former  conversations  I  had  told  him 
that  after  the  meeting  of  Congress,  when  there  would  be  oppor 
tunities  for  consulting  the  opinions  of  members,  the  President 
would  again  take  into  consideration  the  proposals  of  the  British 
Government  and  determine  upon  some  proposal  to  be  offered 
in  its  stead,  if  he  should  finally  consider  it  as  inadmissible. 

I  told  him  that  there  was  no  change  in  the  President's 
opinions  concerning  the  British  proposals,  but  if  he  would 
write  me  a  note  referring  to  them  they  would  be  deliberately 
considered,  and  a  written  answer  given,  after  which  both  papers 
would  be  communicated,  with  the  answer,  to  the  call  from  the 
House  of  Representatives. 

Our  conversation  also  diverged  upon  the  trial  of  the  Queen, 
and  the  part  which  Mr.  George  Canning  has  taken  in  that 
affair,  which  I  thought  very  creditable  to  him ;  and  also  to 
the  aspect  of  political  affairs  in  Europe  arising  from  the  recent 
revolutions  in  Spain,  Naples,  and  Portugal.  Upon  all  this  Mr. 
Canning  was  cautious  to  avoid  expressing  any  opinion  of  his 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  2I$ 

own,  but  he  told  me  that  his  cousin,  upon  differing  with  his  col 
leagues  in  relation  to  the  prosecution  of  the  Queen,  had  tendered 
his  resignation  to  the  King,  who  had  declined  accepting  it. 

1 9th.  I  called  upon  Mr.  Calhoun,  the  Secretary  of  War,  and 
requested  him  to  have  a  copy  taken  of  the  map  lent  me  by 
Mr.  Torres  ;  which  he  promised.  Mr.  Torres  himself  called  at 
the  office  and  left  a  long  note  with  seven  enclosed  documents 
relating  to  the  proposals  lately  made  by  the  Spanish  General 
Morillo  to  the  Colombian  Government  and  Generals.  Torres 
complains  of  it  as  insidious  on  the  part  of  the  Spanish  Gov 
ernment,  because  the  same  proposals  were  made  at  the  same 
time  to  the  Congress,  and  to  several  commanding  Generals  at 
a  great  distance  from  one  another,  with  the  intention  of  pro 
ducing  dissension  between  them ;  but  on  the  2d  of  November 
last  the  Government  at  Angostura  issued  a  new  declaration 
confirming  that  of  independence  of  1811,  and  Mr.  Torres,  by 
order  of  his  Government,  informs  me  that  they  have  determined 
to  carry  on  the  war  without  intermission.  Torres  told  me  that 
he  had  letters  from  some  American  members  of  the  Cortes  at 
Madrid  dated  the  first  days  of  October,  and  informing  him 
that  the  Florida  Treaty  would  be  ratified. 

2Oth.  Mr.  Canning  sent  me  a  note  upon  the  slave-trade,  in 
consequence  of  the  conversation  relating  to  that  subject  between 
us  the  day  before  yesterday.  I  took  it  to  the  President,  who 
determined  to  have  a  Cabinet  consultation  concerning  it. 

22d.  I  had  a  visit  from  a  Mr.  Shaw ;  and  from  young 
Bourne,  the  son  of  the  late  Sylvanus  Bourne,  so  long  Consul 
at  Amsterdam.  He  says  his  brother  is  with  General  Devereux, 
fighting  for  the  independence  of  the  South  Americans  of  the 
republic  of  Colombia.  This  is  better  than  hereditary  depend 
ence  upon  the  public  for  bread.  I  accompanied  Mr.  Roth,  the 
Charge  d' Affaires  of  France,  to  a  private  audience  of  the  Presi 
dent,  at  which  he  delivered  a  letter  from  the  King  of  France 
announcing  the  birth  of  a  son  to  the  Duchess  de  Berri,  to 
whom  he  had  given  the  title  of  Duke  of  Bordeaux.  This  is 
the  long-expected  and  important  child  who,  in  the  silly  creed 
of  the  Bourbonites,  is  to  preserve  the  crown  of  France  in  the 
line  of  that  exemplary  personage,  Louis  the  Fifteenth.  This 


2i6  MEMOIRS  OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [December, 

child  is  to  be  the  infrangible  curb  to  the  revolutionary  licen 
tiousness  of  the  age,  and  to  secure  possession  by  right  divine 
to  the  throne  of  the  Lilies  for  a  succession  of  generations.  How 
many  of  these  children  of  hope  and  joy  and  promise  have  I 
seen  turn  in  the  lapse  of  years  to  children  of  misery,  desolation, 
and  despair!  The  Duke  of  Bordeaux  is  a  rattle  for  the  great 
children  of  the  Bourbon  race,  but  it  would  require  more  than 
powers  of  prophecy  to  foretell  that  he  will  ever  be  King  of 
France.1 

23d.  At  one  o'clock  a  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  Admin 
istration  at  the  President's,  to  consider  the  proposals  in  the  note 
of  the  2Oth  respecting  the  slave-trade,  received  from  Mr.  Can 
ning.  The  British  proposals  are  that  the  several  powers  which 
have  enacted  laws  for  the  abolition  of  the  slave-trade  should 
agree  that  the  ships  of  war  which  each  of  them  may  station 
upon  the  African  coast  to  intercept  vessels  carrying  on  the 
trade  under  its  own  flag  should  have  the  right  to  search  vessels 
sailing  under  other  flags ;  and  if,  upon  such  search,  slaves 
should  be  found  on  board  the  vessel,  to  seize  her  and  carry 
her  into  some  port  or  place  in  Africa,  to  be  tried  by  a  mixed 
Court  of  two  Judges,  one  belonging  to  each  of  the  two  nations, 
and  two  Arbitrators,  one  of  which  also  from  each  of  the  two 
nations,  to  be  called  in  upon  any  difference  of  opinion  between 
the  Judges. 

The  British  Government  have  by  treaties  obtained  the  con 
sent  of  Portugal,  Spain,  and  the  Netherlands  to  this  system,  and 
they  are  using  every  exertion  with  unwearied  importunity  to 
obtain  the  assent  to  it  of  all  the  great  European  powers  and 
of  the  United  States.  They  pressed  it  at  the  Congress  of  Aix- 
la-Chapelle  upon  France,  Russia,  Austria,  and  Prussia,  neither 
of  whom,  however,  agreed  to  it.  The  refusal  of  France  was 
explicit  and  very  decisive — supported  by  spirited  and  cogent 
reasoning.  The  present  British  Ministers,  who  care  little 
about  it  themselves,  are  pressed  by  the  party  of  the  saints  in 
Parliament,  and  therefore,  wherever  they  meet  resistance  to 
their  proposal,  urge  it  with  the  more  apparent  earnestness.  It 
has  been  repeatedly  rejected  by  the  Government  of  the  United 

1  This  is  the  claimant  now  known  under  the  title  of  the  Count  de  Chambord. 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  2\J 

States.  It  was  now  considered  again.  The  opinion  was  unani 
mous  that  we  could  consent  to  no  such  tribunal  for  the  trial 
of  citizens  of  the  United  States ;  that  it  would  be  repugnant  to 
the  article  in  the  Constitution  concerning  the  organization  of 
the  judicial  power;  that  there  is  no  authority  given  by  the 
Constitution  to  establish  such  Courts,  and  that  the  mode  of 
trial,  without  grand  or  petit  juries,  would  be  alike  repugnant 
to  the  fifth  and  sixth  articles  amendatory  to  the  Constitution 
— all  which  I  have  repeatedly  alleged  to  Mr.  Canning. 

On  the  question  relative  to  the  other  point,  granting  the 
mutual  right  of  search,  Mr.  Thompson,  the  Secretary  of  the 
Navy,  had  some  doubts.  He  was  not  so  clear  in  the  principle 
of  persisting  to  refuse  it.  He  did  not  think  it  would  give  any 
countenance  to  the  British  practice  of  impressing  men  from  our 
merchant  vessels  in  time  of  war.  He  thought  there  was  very 
little  analogy  between  the  two  cases ;  that  this  mutual  right  of 
search  for  the  particular  purpose  of  suppressing  this  trade  would 
undoubtedly  be  an  expedient  highly  efficacious  to  the  attain 
ment  of  the  end;  that  by  declining  it  we  shall  expose  ourselves 
to  the  imputation  of  insincerity  as  to  our  purpose  of  suppress 
ing  the  trade,  and  that  the  British  Government  would  avail 
itself  of  it  to  discredit  us  with  the  rest  of  Europe;  that  there 
was  a  strong  feeling  and  anxious  desire  among  the  people  of 
this  country  for  the  suppression  of  the  trade,  and  some  discon 
tent  at  the  notorious  fact  that  all  the  measures  hitherto  taken 
have  proved  insufficient.  If,  therefore,  the  arrangement  could 
be  so  made  that  vessels  under  our  flag  should  be  brought  for 
trial  into  our  own  jurisdiction  and  tried  by  our  own  Courts,  he 
inclined  to  think  that  the  mutual  right  of  search  and  seizure 
might  be  agreed  to. 

Mr.  Calhoun,  the  Secretary  of  War,  strongly  expressed  the 
contrary  opinion.  He  said  he  gave  no  credit  to  Great  Britain 
for  her  extreme  ardor  in  this  cause  of  abolition.  He  thought 
her  professions  of  benevolence  merely  ostensible.  Her  real 
motives  were  her  own  interest  and  ambition.  After  having  pro 
hibited  the  traffic  by  her  own  people,  she  had  a  most  powerful 
individual  interest  against  its  being  carried  on  by  others.  Her 
colonial,  her  commercial,  her  shipping  interests  were  all  deeply 


2i8  ME  AW  IRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [December, 

affected  by  it.  They  could  not  bear  to  see  a  profitable  trade 
enjoyed  by  rivals  and  competitors  in  which  they  were  not 
permitted  to  share  themselves.  Then  this  right  of  searching 
foreign  ships  was  precisely  the  thing  upon  which  she  was  at 
issue  with  us  on  the  impressment  question.  It  exactly  suited 
her  views  to  devise  an  expedient,  under  color  of  its  necessity 
for  suppressing  the  slave-trade,  which  should  familiarize  other 
commercial  and  navigating  nations  to  the  practice  of  submit 
ting  to  the  search  of  foreign  armed  ships.  All  this  was  to  pass 
to  the  account  of  benevolence  and  humanity.  At  the  same 
time,  if  we  accede  to  this  proposal,  the  credit  of  it  all  goes 
to  her.  We  follow  her  lead.  We  appear  to  the  world  as  the 
satellite  and  she  the  primary  planet — a  position  the  more  dis 
paraging  to  us,  because  in  point  of  fact  she  was  merely  fol 
lowing  our  lead ;  the  first  example  of  prohibiting  the  trade 
having  been  set  by  us. 

I  concurred  generally  with  these  views  of  Mr.  Calhoun,  add 
ing  that  with  regard  to  the  motives  of  the  British  Government 
I  was  rather  more  charitable.  I  believed  the  Ministers  them 
selves  were  not  very  earnest  for  the  abolition  of  the  trade;  but 
there  was  a  powerful  party  in  Parliament,  and  in  the  nation, 
who  had  set  their  hearts  upon  it.  The  Ministers  were  obliged 
to  conciliate  them.  I  believed  great  multitudes  of  this  party 
were  honestly  and  disinterestedly  actuated  by  real  motives  of 
humanity.  I  gave  credit  even  to  the  Ministers  for  some  part 
of  this  motive.  The  impulses  to  action  in  this,  as  in  most 
other  cases,  are  not  simple,  but  compounded.  I  would  not 
deny  the  existence  of  those  that  are  laudable,  nor  neglect  the 
detection  of  those  which  co-operate  with  them. 

The  President  said  that,  whatever  the  motives  of  the  British 
Government  might  be,  our  refusal  to  accede  in  this  case  to  the 
mutual  right  of  search  and  seizure  would  hereafter  strengthen 
our  cause,  in  any  discussion  with  them,  upon  the  question  of 
search  for  men  during  war.  This  alone  was,  he  thought,  a  de 
cisive  reason  for  persevering  in  our  refusal.  But  Mr.  Canning's 
note  required  proposals  to  be  made  on  our  part,  if  we  declined 
those  presented  to  us.  What  should  we  offer  ?  Several  expe 
dients  were  proposed.  One  was  a  stipulation  to  keep  a  certain 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  Sl^ATE.  2\g 

force  constantly  on  the  coast  of  Africa  and  in  the  latitudes 
where  the  trade  is  chiefly  carried  on.  But  it  was  concluded 
that  this  might  become  inconvenient,  and  even  useless.  It  was 
finally  thought  best  not  to  propose  any  formal  Convention,  but 
to  state  the  fact  that  we  have  had  for  some  time  a  vessel  con 
stantly  cruising  on  that  coast,  and  that  it  was  intended  to  keep 
such  force  there ;  that  by  concert  with  the  British  Government 
instructions  might  mutually  be  given  to  the  commanders  of 
those  cruisers  on  both  sides  to  cruise  in  company  whenever 
they  might  find  it  useful  or  convenient,  and  to  furnish  one 
another  every  aid  and  assistance  in  their  power  for  the  fur 
therance  of  the  common  object.  I  was  directed  to  prepare 
the  draft  of  an  answer  to  Mr.  Canning's  note  conformable  to 
this  determination. 

It  was  near  five  o'clock  when  the  Cabinet  meeting  broke  up. 
I  was  belated,  therefore,  in  going  to  Mr.  Poletica,  the  Russian 
Minister's,  to  dine.  I  found  the  company  already  seated  at 
dinner.  It  was  his  anniversary  banquet  to  the  Diplomatic 
Corps  on  the  Emperor's  birthday — this  day,  instead  of  to-mor 
row,  which  will  be  Sunday.  The  Emperor  Alexander's  and 
the  President's  healths  were,  as  usual,  toasted  in  champagne. 

25th.  Christinas  Day. — No  attendance  at  the  office.  I  gave 
the  day  to  relaxation,  and,  with  a  view  to  make  an  experiment 
upon  the  taste  of  the  younger  part  of  our  present  family,  after 
breakfast  I  read  aloud  Pope's  Messiah,  a  poem  suited  to  the 
day,  and  of  which  my  own  admiration  was  great  at  an  earlier 
age  than  that  of  my  son  Charles,  the  youngest  person  now  in 
my  family.  Not  one  of  them,  excepting  George,  appeared  to 
take  the  slightest  interest  in  it ;  nor  is  there  one  of  them  who 
has  any  relish  for  literature.  Charles  has  a  great  fondness  for 
books,  and  a  meditative  mind,  but  neither  disposition  nor  apti 
tude  for  public  speaking  or  correct  reading.  Charles  must 
teach  himself  all  that  he  learns.  He  will  learn  nothing  from 
others.1  Literature  has  been  the  charm  of  my  life,  and,  could  I 

1  I  have  hesitated  about  retaining  this  comment,  not  from  any  objection  to  it, 
but  from  a  disinclination  to  appear  deliberately  to  put  myself  forward  without 
reasonable  cause.  On  the  other  hand,  the  suppression  of  it  might  seem  to  imply  a 
paltry  fear  which  I  could  not  for  a  moment  entertain. 


220  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.         [December, 

have  carved  out  my  own  fortunes,  to  literature  would  my  whole 
life  have  been  devoted.  I  have  been  a  lawyer  for  bread,  and 
a  statesman  at  the  call  of  my  country.  In  the  practice  of  the 
law  I  never  should  have  attained  the  highest  eminence,  for  the 
want  of  natural  and  spontaneous  eloquence.  The  operations 
of  my  mind  are  slow,  my  imagination  sluggish,  and  my  powers 
of  extemporaneous  speaking  very  inefficient.  But  I  have  much 
capacity  for,  and  love  of,  labor,  habits  on  the  whole  of  industry 
and  temperance,  and  a  strong  and  almost  innate  passion  for 
literary  pursuits.  The  business  and  sometimes  the  dissipations 
of  my  life  have  in  a  great  measure  withdrawn  me  from  it.  The 
summit  of  my  ambition  would  have  been  by  some  great  work 
of  literature  to  have  done  honor  to  my  age  and  country,  and 
to  have  lived  in  the  gratitude  of  future  ages.  This  consum 
mation  of  happiness  has  been  denied  me.  The  portion  of  life 
allotted  to  me  is  that  of  my  mortal  existence ;  but  even  in  this 
failure  of  my  highest  objects,  literature  has  been  to  me  a  source 
of  continual  enjoyment  and  a  powerful  preservative  from  vice. 
It  would  have  been  a  great  comfort  to  me  if  all  or  either  of 
my  children  inherited  this  propensity.  George  is  not  entirely 
without  it.  The  others  have  it  not,  and  I  have  found  every 
effort  to  stimulate  them  to  it,  hitherto,  fruitless.  Pope  says 
"  'tis  education  forms  the  common  mind,"  and  so  it  is  ;  but  the 
common  mind  will  be  always  grovelling  in  common  objects. 
The  uncommon  mind  must  form  itself. 

2/th.  Attended  the  funeral  of  Mr.  Burrill,1  which  proceeded 
from  the  Senate-chamber  at  eleven  o'clock  this  morning.  There 
was  a  prayer  before  the  procession  moved,  by  the  Chaplain  of 
the  Senate,  Mr.  Ryland.  I  met  Mr.  Calhoun  at  the  Senate- 
chamber,  and  he  rode  with  me.  The  burying-ground  at  the 
Navy  Yard  is  the  spot  where  all  the  members  of  Congress 
dying  here,  and  not  removed  by  their  friends,  are  interred. 
After  the  ceremony  was  over,  Mr.  Calhoun  rode  with  me,  and 
I  left  him  at  the  War  Office.  We  were  remarking  upon  the 
number  of  members  of  Congress  already  mingling  with  the 
dust  of  this  region,  among  whom  are  the  two  successive  Vice- 

1  James  Burrill,  Senator  from   Rhode  Island,  elected  in  1816,  died  at  Washing 
ton,  25th  December,  1820. 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  22I 

Presidents  George  Clinton  and  Elbridge  Gerry.  There  are 
plain,  modest,  and  tasteless  marble  monuments  over  their  re 
mains,  which  the  lapse  of  a  few  short  years  will  demolish.  We 
were  remarking  how  exclusively  by  the  nature  and  genius  of 
our  institutions  we  confine  all  our  thoughts  and  cares  to  present 
time.  We  have  neither  forefathers  nor  posterity.  This  bury- 
ing-ground  is  remote  from  any  church.  The  funeral  is  a  mere 
commitment  of  earth  to  earth.  There  is  nothing  to  soothe  the 
afflicted,  or  to  rouse  the  thoughtless,  by  the  promise  and  the 
warning  which  a  church  would  give  of  the  connection  between 
time  and  eternity;  nothing  to  remind  the  attendant  at  the 
funeral  that  death  is  a  transition  from  this  to  another  world. 
There  is  a  resolution  of  Congress,  existing  ever  since  the  death 
of  Washington,  that  a  monument  in  honor  of  his  memory  should 
be  erected.  I  said  to  Calhoun  that  I  thought,  under  that  resolu 
tion,  Congress  ought  to  build  a  church  of  durable  stone,  equal 
in  dimensions  to  Westminster  Abbey  or  the  Pantheon  at  Paris  ; 
that  sheltered  under  the  roof  and  within  the  walls  of  this  church 
should  be  the  sepulchral  monument  of  Washington,  and  around 
it,  suitably  disposed,  those  of  the  statesmen  and  legislators  of 
this  Union  whose  lives  may  from  time  to  time  honorably  close 
during  their  attendance  here  in  the  service  of  their  country. 
Mr.  Calhoun  thought  that  Congress  would  not  be  supported  in 
the  expense  of  such  a  measure  by  the  public  opinion  ;  of  which 
I  am  well  aware.  He  observed  that  it  would  be  of  great  advan 
tage  to  this  country  to  have  statesmen  of  a  philosophical  turn 
of  mind.  He  is  himself  of  that  character,  and  it  has  brought 
him  to  a  high  distinction  at  a  very  early  age.  But  he  is  the 
only  man  of  the  present  Administration  who  does  possess  it. 
We  are  obliged  to  live  from  hand  to  mouth,  to  provide  for  the 
day  that  is  passing  over  us,  and  to  leave  posterity  to  take  care 
of  itself. 

29th.  I  called  at  the  President's.  Upon  the  draft  of  the 
answer  to  Mr.  Canning's  last  note  upon  the  slave-trade,  he  de 
sired  me  to  notify  a  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  Adminis 
tration  for  to-morrow  at  noon.  I  was  occupied  at  the  office  in 
preparing  an  answer  to  a  call  from  the  House  of  Representa 
tives  for  any  information  received  by  the  Department  of  State 


222  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [December, 

touching  any  alterations  in  the  commercial  laws  or  regulations 
of  any  of  the  nations  of  Europe  since  the  year  1817.  This 
resolution  passed  the  House  on  the  i  ith  instant,  on  the  motion 
of  Mr.  Baldwin,  of  Pennsylvania,  the  champion  of  the  manufac 
turing  interest.  I  told  him  the  other  day  that  the  information 
required  by  the  House  was  contained  chiefly  in  about  half  a 
dozen  new  tariffs,  in  as  many  different  languages,  each  a  little 
volume.  This  will  not  answer  his  purpose,  which  he  told  me 
was  only  to  show  that  there  had  been  no  relaxation  in  the  re 
strictions  of  any  European  nation  upon  their  commerce  with 
the  United  States. 

3Oth.  There  was  a  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  Adminis 
tration  at  the  President's,  when  my  draft  of  an  answer  to  Mr. 
Canning  upon  the  slave-trade  note  was  fully  considered.  Its 
principles  had  all  been  agreed  to  at  the  former  meeting,  and 
now  the  draft  was  approved,  with  the  suggestion  of  some  slight 
alterations  and  some  omissions,  to  soften  the  harshness  of  re 
fusal.  I  had  drawn  the  paper  in  terms  of  the  strongest  char 
acter,  with  a  view  to  leave  no  occasion  for  further  discussion 
upon  the  subject.  The  consequence  had  been  that  the  same 
sentiment  was  expressed  in  the  draft  two  or  three  times.  It 
was  proposed  to  curtail  it  of  its  repetitions  and  of  some  ex 
pressions  which  might  be  offensive ;  to  which  I  agreed.  There 
was  some  deliberation  upon  the  proposals  to  be  offered  instead 
of  those  from  Great  Britain,  which  we  decline.  That  in  the 
draft  was  merely  to  concert  between  the  two  Governments 
mutual  instructions  to  the  commanders  of  the  cruisers  upon 
the  African  coast  that  they  may  cruise  in  company,  and  other 
wise  render  each  other  every  assistance  in  their  power  towards 
the  attainment  of  the  common  object.  This  may  be  done  with 
out  any  formal  treaty  stipulation ;  but  the  question  was  made 
whether  we  might  not  offer  further  an  engagement  by  treaty  to 
keep  a  certain  force,  without  intermission,  say  two  or  three  armed 
vessels,  always  cruising  on  the  coast.  But  Mr.  Thompson,  the 
Secretary  of  the  Navy,  said  that  we  were  not  sufficiently  in 
formed  of  the  kind  of  force  which  might  most  usefully  be  em 
ployed  upon  that  coast.  Smaller  vessels  drawing  less  water 
than  those  we  now  have  there  may  be  found  better  adapted  to 


1 820.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

the  service.  It  was  not  until  the  present  year  that  we  had  any 
force  there,  and  much  information  might  be  expected  from  the 
reports  of  the  officers  who  have  been,  and  now  are,  employed 
upon  it.  There  might  also  be  inconvenience  in  an  engagement 
which  would  deprive  us  of  the  power  of  adapting  the  disposal 
of  all  our  naval  force  to  the  exigencies  of  circumstances  from 
time  to  time.  We  could  not  foresee  how  long  any  force  might 
be  necessary  there.  From  the  captures  which  have  already 
taken  place,  it  is  probable  that  the  use  of  our  flag  may  be 
altogether  abandoned  by  the  slave-traders.  A  compact  to  keep 
cruisers  where  they  could  effect  nothing  would  be  troublesome, 
and  give  dissatisfaction  to  our  own  people.  To  these  objections 
Mr.  Calhoun  added  one  of  a  political  and  more  general  nature. 
He  was  averse  to  any  compact  with  Great  Britain  upon  this  sub 
ject,  because  he  believed  she  was  pursuing  private  ends  upon 
pretences  of  public  spirit.  We  began  and  are  pursuing  a  sys 
tem  of  policy  of  our  own  for  the  suppression  of  the  slave-trade; 
while  we  keep  that  course  we  stand  upon  independent  ground; 
but  of  any  compact  to  which,  at  the  proposal  of  Great  Britain, 
we  might  accede,  we  should  bear  the  burden  and  she  would 
monopolize  the  credit.  On  these  considerations,  it  was  con 
cluded  to  leave  the  proposals  as  they  were  in  my  draft. 

3 1st.  I  paid  visits  to  Mr.  Edwards,  Senator  from  Illinois,  and 
Isham  Talbot,  from  Kentucky.  Edwards  only  was  at  home, 
and  still  confined  to  his  chamber;  though  recovering.  He 
renewed  his  complaints  against  the  partialities  of  the  Presi 
dent  in  favor  of  the  enemies  of  his  Administration  and  adverse 
to  its  friends,  especially  in  the  appointments  to  office  in  the 
Western  country.  He  spoke  much  also  of  the  two  Senators 
elected  from  Missouri,  Barton  and  Benton,  and  was  particu 
larly  anxious  that  a  Mr.  Stewart  should  be  appointed  the  Dis 
trict  Judge  in  Missouri  in  preference  to  a  Mr.  Gray.  They 
have  both  been  Territorial  Judges  ;  but  Edwards  says  that  both 
for  character  and  talents  Stewart  is  by  far  the  superior  man. 
Benton,  however,  will  strain  every  nerve  for  the  appointment 
of  Gray.  I  told  Edwards  that  the  third  Territorial  Judge,  John 
B.  C.  Lucas,  was  also  a  candidate ;  but  he  said  there  could  be 
no  possible  chance  for  him.  Benton,  to  be  sure,  would  much 


224  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

rather  it  should  be  Stewart  than  Lucas,  whose  son  he  killed  in 
a  duel;  but  Lucas  was  too  unpopular.  He  was  a  man  of  sin 
gular  and  repulsive  manners,  and  his  appointment  would  give 
satisfaction  to  no  party.  I  did  not  enter  into  discussion  with 
Mr.  Edwards  upon  this  subject.  Lucas  will  not  be  appointed, 
because  he  stands  upon  his  own  merits,  and  powerful  interest 
is  made  on  behalf  of  others.  Gray  will  be  appointed,  because 
he  is  Benton's  man,  and  because  his  influence  will  be  backed 
by  that  of  Crawford.  But  Lucas  would  be  the  most  suitable 
man  for  the  office.  His  enemies  are  his  virtues.  He  has 
resisted  the  depredators  upon  the  nation  who  swarm  in  that 
country  with  fraudulent  land  claims,  and  he  has  been  of  the 
party  which  would  have  left  open  a  door  for  the  possible  future 
emancipation  of  slaves.  But  he  is  a  man  of  unimpeached 
integrity.  Born  in  France,  bred  to  the  knowledge  and  prac 
tice  of  the  civil  law,  many  years  settled  in  the  United  States, 
and  having  been  some  time  a  Representative  in  Congress  from 
one  of  the  districts  of  Pennsylvania,  his  misfortune  has  been 
in  going  to  reside  in  a  country  to  the  vices  of  which  he  could 
not  accommodate  his  principles  ;  and  such  is  the  constitution 
of  human  nature  that  virtue  herself  becomes  obnoxious  when 
she  cannot  adapt  her  principles  to  times  and  places.  Edwards 
himself  is  a  warm  friend  of  the  President's.  But  there  is  a 
rivality  of  influence  between  him  and  his  colleague,  Jesse  B. 
Thomas,  in  their  State,  and,  as  Thomas  is  a  partisan  of  Craw 
ford's,  it  provokes  Edwards  to  see  all  the  appointments  by 
the  General  Government  in  the  State  bestowed  upon  Thomas's 
creatures.  He  declared  his  determination  to  oppose  in  Senate 
the  confirmation  of  some  of  these  nominations. 

January  1st,  1821. — At  the  drawing-room  at  the  President's. 
It  was  more  thronged  with  company  than  I  ever  saw  it  on  any 
similar  occasion.  "  Donee  eris  felix,  multos  numerabis  amicos." 
Mr.  Monroe,  by  a  vote,  with  a  single  exception  unanimous,  of 
all  the  electoral  colleges  of  this  Union,  has  just  been  re-elected 
President  of  the  United  States  for  a  second  term  of  four  years. 
No  such  state  of  things  as  the  present  has  existed  since  the 
establishment  of  the  present  Constitution ;  for  although  the 
second  election  of  Washington,  like  the  first,  was  unanimous, 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  22$ 

yet  the  opposition  to  his  Administration  was  more  organized 
and  more  violent  than  it  now  is  to  that  of  Mr.  Monroe. 

I  received  a  private  letter  from  John  Forsyth,  our  Minister 
at  Madrid,  informing  me  that  the  Cortes,  on  the  5th  of  October, 
had  advised  in  secret  session  the  ratification  of  the  Florida 
Treaty.  The  letter  is  of  the  same  day,  and  is  the  first  direct 
information  of  the  event.  It  confirms  that  which  had  been 
received  on  the  i6th  of  last  month  from  R.  Rush,  who  had 
been  notified  of  it  by  a  private  letter  from  the  Duke  of  Frias, 
the  Spanish  Ambassador  in  London,  on  the  2Oth  of  October. 
The  rumor  has  been  circulating  here  these  five  or  six  weeks ; 
but  it  would  scarcely  seem  credible  that,  within  four  days, 
three  months  should  elapse  from  the  day  of  a  transaction  so 
important  to  us,  at  Madrid,  before  any  direct  advice  of  it  should 
come  to  us.  It  shows  that  instructions  should  be  given  to  the 
representatives  of  the  public  in  Spain  to  transmit  to  us  notice 
of  all  events  of  primary  importance  by  the  way  of  London  and 
Liverpool. 

2d.  I  made  a  draft  of  a  report  to  the  President,  with  the 
papers  relating  to  the  slave-trade,  called  for  by  resolution  of 
the  House  of  Representatives ;  and  also  of  a  message  from 
the  President  to  the  House  to  communicate  these  papers. 
Mr.  Canning,  to  whom  I  had  sent  my  answer  to  his  note  of 
2Oth  of  December  on  this  subject,  called  at  my  office,  and  we 
had  a  desultory  conversation  of  at  least  three  hours  on  the 
slave-trade,  the  Queen's  trial,  European  politics,  literature, 
and,  indeed,  all  sorts  of  topics.  Concerning  the  slave-trade, 
he  expressed  the  opinion  that  the  proposals  in  my  note  would 
be  quite  inadequate  to  the  object  proposed,  the  effectual  sup 
pression  of  the  trade.  But,  he  added,  his  only  remaining  duty 
was  to  transmit  them  to  his  Government,  which  he  should 
immediately  do.  He  also  enquired  what  amount  of  force  it 
was  contemplated  by  us  to  keep  on  the  African  coast;  what 
particular  instructions  it  was  proposed  to  give  in  concert  to 
the  commanders;  and  in  what  manner  it  was  supposed  they 
might  co-operate  together.  I  told  him  the  general  instruction 
to  co-operate,  if  agreed  upon  in  principle  by  the  two  Govern 
ments,  would  lead  to  information  from  the  officers  themselves, 
VOL.  v. — 15 


226  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

upon  which  more  particular  instructions  might  afterwards  be 
prepared  ;  that  for  the  present  the  instructions  to  cruise  in  com 
pany  together  when  they  may  find  it  useful,  and  to  communi 
cate  information  mutually  as  opportunities  may  offer,  was  all 
that  was  deemed  advisable,  but  there  could  be  no  doubt  that  a 
more  special  concurrent  exertion  might  hereafter  be  combined. 

It  was  very  apparent  that  Mr.  Canning  was  in  no  wise  satisfied 
with  our  proposed  substitute ;  nor  is  it  to  be  expected  that  his 
Government  will  be  more  so.  By  the  accounts  just  received 
from  England,  it  has  been  learned  that  the  bill  of  pains  and 
penalties  against  the  Queen  has  been  abandoned  in  the  House 
of  Peers,  after  a  vote  by  a  majority  of  nine  that  it  should  pass 
to  a  third  reading.  I  told  Mr.  Canning  that  I  honored  his 
kinsman  for  the  independence  of  spirit  with  which  as  a  Minis 
ter  he  had  refused  to  take  part  in  the  prosecution  against  the 
Queen;  and  the  more  so  as  I  was  well  aware  of  the  conflict 
through  which  he  must  have  passed  in  the  Cabinet  before  he 
had  come  to  that  conclusion.  I  added  that  the  issue  had 
shown  that  the  course  which  he  would  have  taken  in  that  affair 
would  have  been  the  best  even  with  a  view  to  the  interest  of 
the  King.  I  made  also  many  free  remarks  upon  the  proceed 
ings  in  the  House  of  Lords,  upon  the  speeches  of  the  Chan 
cellor,  upon  the  temporizing  and  conscientious  scruples  of  the 
Bishops,  and  upon  the  advantages  taken  of  them  by  the  op 
position  Peers. 

Canning  was,  as  usual,  exceedingly  cautious  to  avoid  express 
ing  any  opinion  of  his  own — only,  by  a  sort  of  involuntary 
exclamation,  saying  that  the  trial  of  the  Queen  was,  to  be  sure, 
"  a  very  bad  affair."  Of  the  rest  he  said  little,  but  admired  the 
consummate  ability  of  the  Lord  Chancellor's  speech  on  the 
bill's  passing  to  the  third  reading.  The  rest  of  this  conversa 
tion  it  were  too  tedious  to  detail ;  consisting  altogether  of  my 
opinions,  given  with  little  restraint  and  in  a  dogmatical  tone, 
while  he  listened  as  if  with  deference,  now  and  then  slyly  in 
sinuating  rather  than  asserting  his  dissent,  but  contradicting 
nothing. 

3d.  The  House  of  Representatives  yesterday,  on  the  motion 
of  Henry  R.  Storrs,  a  member  from  the  State  of  New  York, 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

passed  a  resolution,  "That  the  committee  on  the  expenditures 
in  the  Department  of  State  be  instructed  specially  to  enquire 
whether  any  moneys  have  been  disbursed  through  that  Depart 
ment,  or  authorized  to  be  disbursed,  on  account  of  any  salary 
or  compensation  to  an  Agent,  or  acting  Agent,  or  any  person 
employed  in  that  capacity,  on  the  part  of  the  United  States, 
during  the  year  1820,  under  the  sixth  or  seventh  articles  of  the 
late  treaty  of  peace  with  Great  Britain  ;  and,  if  any  moneys  have 
been  so  paid,  to  enquire  and  report  to  the  House  by  authority 
of  what  law,  and  by  virtue  and  out  of  what  appropriation,  the 
same  has  been  paid." 

This  is  a  thrust  in  the  dark  at  me  as  Secretary  of  State. 
There  is  of  late  years  in  the  House  of  Representatives  a  stand 
ing  committee  upon  the  expenditures  in  each  of  the  Executive 
Departments,  consisting  of  three  members,  appointed  at  the  first 
session  of  each  Congress  for  the  whole  term  of  the  Congress. 
These  committees  are,  in  principle,  set  as  a  watch  over  the 
heads  of  Departments,  to  guard  against  their  wasting  the  public 
money;  but  hitherto  I  had  heard  nothing  of  the  committee 
upon  the  Department  of  State,  except  of  its  appointment.  The 
Chairman  of  the  committee  now  was  a  Mr.  Peek,  a  member 
from  New  York,  who  has  not  been  here  this  session,  but  this 
day  Storrs  was  appointed  to  supply  his  place.  At  the  last 
session  of  Congress  the  appropriation  for  the  salary  of  an  Agent 
to  the  Commission,  under  the  sixth  and  seventh  articles  of 
the  Treaty  of  Ghent,  was  struck  out  of  the  estimates,  Samuel 
Hawkins,  who  had  been  the  Agent,  having  resigned  or  been 
dismissed,  and  no  other  appointed  in  his  place.  Joseph  Dela- 
field  then  applied  to  be*  allowed  to  perform  the  indispensable 
duties  of  Agent,  for  the  same  salary  which  he  had  received  as 
secretary  to  the  former  Agent,  and  the  necessary  additional 
expenses.  I  was  directed  by  the  President  to  accept  Delafield's 
proposal,  upon  condition  that  the  account  of  his  compensa 
tion  and  expenses  should  be  sanctioned  by  the  Commissioner 
and  come  within  the  appropriation  for  the  year.  Delafield's 
letter  and  my  answer  were  communicated  to  the  House,  with 
the  other  papers,  upon  Mr.  Mallary's  call ;  and  Storrs  seems  to 
think  he  has  me  upon  the  hip  for  an  expenditure  without  law 


228  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QU1NCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

or  appropriation.  It  happens  that  there  is  both  law  and  appro 
priation.  For  Delafield  can  receive  nothing  without  the  sanc 
tion  of  the  Commissioner,  which  is  authorized  by  the  treaty, 
and  his  payment  is  expressly  limited  to  come  within  the  appro 
priation  for  the  year. 

Storrs  is  a  federalist  of  some  talents,  and  a  handsome  speaker. 
He  has  been  a  member  of  three  successive  Congresses,  which, 
for  a  member  from  the  State  of  New  York,  is  very  unusual ; 
but,  having  mistaken  the  sense  of  his  constituents  on  the  Mis 
souri  question,  he  will  probably  not  be  returned  to  the  next 
Congress.  This  prospect,  which  he  has  of  late  distinctly  fore 
seen,  has  disconcerted  all  his  expectations  of  public  life,  and 
produced  effects  upon  his  temper  and  habits  unfavorable  to  his 
consideration  and  influence.  He  made  a  violent  attack  upon 
me  in  the  Seminole  War  debate,  in  January,  1819,  but  was  after 
wards  on  terms  of  good  humor  and  politeness  with  me.  He 
is  now  dissatisfied  with  himself  and  with  all  the  world.  This 
motion  is  probably  made  with  a  view  to  make  a  special  scrutiny 
into  the  expenses  of  the  Department  of  State,  and  to  signalize, 
if  he  can,  any  misapplication  in  it  of  public  money.  I  trust  he 
will  be  disappointed. 

4th.  I  this  day  received  dispatches  from  Mr.  Forsyth  an 
nouncing  definitively  the  ratification  by  the  King  of  Spain  of 
the  Florida  Treaty;  but  there  is  with  the  ratification  a  corre 
spondence  between  the  Spanish  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs, 
Perez  de  Castro,  and  him,  which  gives  him  some  uneasiness,  and 
which  yet  leaves  some  uncertainty  upon  the  affair.  The  Cortes 
have  in  the  most  explicit  manner  declared  null  and  void  the 
grants  to  Alagon,  Pufion  Rostro,  and  Vargas,  but  at  the  same 
time  have  recommended  an  attempt  to  obtain  some  equivalent 
for  this  concession  by  negotiation.  Perez  de  Castro,  after  a  con 
ference  with  Mr.  Forsyth  on  this  subject,  wrote  him  a  long  note 
urging  earnestly  this  demand,  which  Forsyth  supposes  will  be 
renewed  here  by  General  Vives  when  the  ratified  treaty  is  trans 
mitted  to  him.  So  that  there  are  yet  obstacles  to  be  removed. 

5th.  The  Spanish  Minister,  General  Vives,  called  upon  me 
this  morning  and  requested  answers  to  several  notes  which  he 
has  addressed  to  me,  two  of  which  are  upon  the  case  of  the 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ,          229 

Esperanza,  a  Spanish  vessel  taken  upon  a  slave-trading  voyage 
by  the  United  States  sloop-of-war  Cyane,  Captain  Trenchard, 
sent  into  New  York,  one  upon  the  case  of  a  Spanish  Consul 
at  New  Orleans,  named  Villavaso,  who  has  been  arrested  upon 
a  civil  process,  and  two  upon  the  case  of  the  French  ship 
Apollon,  seized  on  the  Spanish  side  of  St.  Mary's  River  for 
violation  of  our  revenue  laws.  A  second  case  of  a  similar 
character  has  occurred — that  of  the  Eugenie,  which,  after  enter 
ing  St.  Mary's  River,  was  forced  to  go  away.  In  these  cases, 
Vives  said,  he  was  the  more  anxious  to  receive  an  answer,  be 
cause  he  was  much  urged  by  Mr.  Roth,  the  Charge  d'Affaires 
from  France. 

I  told  him  that  with  regard  to  the  cases  of  the  Esperanza  and 
the  Consul,  delays  had  occurred  from  the  necessity  of  ascer 
taining  facts,  and  of  awaiting  the  judicial  decisions.  In  the 
cases  of  the  French  vessels,  I  had  waited  in  the  hope  of  the 
ratification  of  the  Florida  Treaty.  By  that  event  the  jurisdic 
tion  of  both  sides  of  St.  Mary's  River  would  belong  to  the 
United  States,  the  questions  of  right  involved  in  the  transac 
tions  relating  to  the  Apollon  and  the  Eugenie  would  cease  to 
be  important,  and  the  unpleasant  discussions  likely  to  result 
from  them  I  hoped  might  be  abridged.  Should  that  discussion 
take  place,  I  should  be  under  the  necessity  of  making  serious 
complaint  against  two  Spanish  officers — the  Governor  of  East 
Florida,  for  constituting  a  pretended  port  where  there  was  no 
settlement  and  could  be  no  honest  trade,  and  the  only  possible 
object  of  which  was  to  defraud  the  revenue  of  the  United  States  ; 
and  the  Spanish  acting  Consul  at  St.  Mary's,  whose  avowed 
object  in  all  those  transactions,  of  which  he  had  been  the  prin 
cipal  agent,  was  to  evade  the  laws  and  defraud  the  revenue  of 
the  Union.  We  were  in  possession  of  two  private  letters  written 
by  him  disclosing  the  whole  project,  and  proving  that  it  was, 
in  substance,  a  conspiracy  against  the  country  where  this  man 
was  residing  under  the  protection  of  the  Consular  character. 
As  in  the  event  of  the  ratification  of  the  treaty  the  whole 
project  would  be  at  an  end,  I  had  hoped  to  be  spared  the  neces 
sity  of  discussing  it  at  all,  and  wished  him  to  assign  this  to  his 
Government  as  the  reason  for  delaying  the  answer  to  his  notes. 


230  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

He  said  that  the  Governor  of  East  Florida  had  no  authority 
to  constitute  the  port  of  St.  Joseph,  unless  by  a  special  power 
from  the  Governor-General  of  Cuba.  Whether  Governor  Cop- 
pinger  had  in  this  case  such  a  power,  he  (Vives)  did  not  know. 
He  had  himself  been  surprised  that  Coppinger  should  have 
taken  such  a  step  precisely  at  the  moment  when  the  ratification 
of  the  treaty  was  hourly  expected ;  and  had  written  to  him 
and  earnestly  cautioned  him  against  anything  which  should  be 
cause  of  complaint  to  the  United  States.  As  to  the  treaty,  he 
had  been  assured  by  his  Government  that  the  ratification  might 
be  confidently  expected,  and  he  hoped  he  should  speedily  re 
ceive  it  by  a  special  messenger.  Mr.  Poletica  likewise  called 
upon  me,  and  showed  me  a  communication  which  he  had  re 
ceived  from  Count  Bulgari,  the  Russian  Charge  d'Affaires  at 
Madrid;  being  a  copy  of  a  note  from  the  Spanish  Minister  of 
Foreign  Affairs  to  him  announcing  the  ratification  by  him  of 
the  Florida  Treaty. 

6th.  At  the  office  I  was  occupied  in  preparing  a  dispatch  to 
A.  Gallatin,  with  which  I  send  copies  of  all  the  papers  relating 
to  the  seizure  of  the  French  ship  Apollon,  and  the  case  of  the 
Eugenie.  Mr.  Roth,  the  Charge  d'Affaires  from  France,  has 
written  several  notes  upon  this  subject,  the  last  of  which  enclosed 
a  protest  by  the  captain  of  the  Eugenie,  couched  in  language  so 
insulting  to  this  Government  that  I  was  somewhat  angered.  I 
drafted  an  answer  to  Roth's  note,  and  sent  it  to  the  President 
for  consideration.  The  President  wrote  me  that  Roth's  note 
deserved  everything  that  I  had  said  of  it  in  my  answer,  but 
advised  that  I  should  only  communicate  verbally  with  Roth 
on  the  subject,  and  wait  for  the  arrival  of  Mr.  Hyde  de  Neu- 
ville  to  treat  of  it  amicably,  and  to  give  friendly  explanations 
to  the  French  Government,  through  Mr.  Gallatin.  I  therefore 
withheld  my  letter  to  Roth,  and  answered  him  thus,  through 
Gallatin. 

/th.  Attended  church  at  the  Capitol.  The  preacher  was  a 
Mr.  Mcllvaine,  a  very  young  man,  of  great  promise,  settled 
recently  at  an  Episcopalian  church  at  Georgetown.  His  text 
was  from  Matthew  xvi.  26:  "  For  what  is  a  man  profited,  if  he 
shall  gain  the  whole  world,  and  lose  his  own  soul  ?  or  what 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


231 


shall  a  man  give  in  exchange  for  his  soul  ?"  The  sermon  was 
well  written  and  eloquent,  but  much  more  in  the  enthusiastic 
manner  of  the  Methodists  than  in  the  usual  cool,  didactic,  and 
argumentative  style  of  Episcopalian  clergymen.  The  vehement, 
passionate,  and  terrifying  tones  of  oratory  have  of  late,  how 
ever,  been  much  practised  by  the  Episcopalians  in  our  Southern 
countries,  and  with  them  they  have  resumed  the  rigorous  Cal- 
vinistic  doctrines  of  election  and  atonement,  regeneration  and 
reprobation,  which  the  Church  of  England  had  long  discarded. 
They  have  been  driven  to  this  resource  by  the  desertion  of  their 
followers.  Fear  and  Hope  are  the  two  pillars  upon  which  all 
religious  faith  is  built.  But  Fear  is  an  instrument  of  necessity. 
Hope  is  the  creature  of  contingency.  Fear  flies  to  a  refuge. 
Hope  is  always  attended  with  doubt,  and  conscious  of  its  own 
delusions.  Fear  is  therefore  always  a  more  efficacious  agent 
than  Hope,  and  has  far  more  powerful  operation  upon- religious 
faith.  There  is  another  reason  for  the  new  kindling  fervors  of 
the  Southern  Episcopalians,  who  -are  now  almost  all  educated 
at  Princeton  College.  The  teachers  at  that  institution  are  of 
the  most  straitest  sect  of  the  Calvinists,  and  men  of  consider 
able  ability.  Mcllvaine  is  from  that  school,  and  a  native  of  the 
State  of  New  Jersey.  He  expatiated  with  great  effort  of  pathos 
upon  the  importance  of  the  soul,  and  the  infinite  danger  of  its 
loss ;  but  he  did  not  undertake  to  explain  what  the  soul  is. 
That  was  above  his  reach. 

9th.  Mr.  Dana  is  Chairman  of  a  committee  of  the  Senate 
who  are  making  enquiries  with  a  view  to  reduce  and  retrench 
the  public  expenditures.  He  has  been  obtaining  abstracts  of 
the  accounts,  showing  the  amounts  of  expenditures  in  the  sev 
eral  Executive  Departments  at  various  periods  of  time,  in  1800, 
1808,  1816,  and  1820.  This  disposition  for  retrenchment  has 
arisen  from  the  low  state  of  the  revenue  and  the  distressed 
condition  of  the  country.  The  spirit,  as  is  natural,  prevails 
strongly  throughout  the  Union,  and  is  so  predominant  in 
Congress  that  nothing  would  stand  before  it  but  for  advice 
which  has  been  given  them  to  let  their  economy  begin  at  home. 
The  Legislatures  of  Rhode  Island  and  New  Hampshire  passed 
resolutions  recommending  to  their  Senators  and  members  of 


232  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

the  House  in  Congress  to  endeavor  to  obtain  a  law  to  reduce 
the  pay  of  members  of  Congress  to  six  dollars  a  day,  and  six 
dollars  for  every  twenty  miles  of  travel.  At  the  commencement 
of  the  session  the  late  Mr.  Burrill,  in  the  Senate,  and  Mr.  Eddy, 
in  the  House  of  Representatives,  members  from  Rhode  Island, 
offered  resolutions  for  such  reductions  as  were  recommended 
by  the  Legislature  of  their  own  State,  and  the  way  they  were 
met  was  to  connect  them  with  plans  of  general  reduction  of 
the  salaries  of  all  officers  in  the  Executive  Departments.  In 
the  Senate,  on  motion  of  Mr.  Dana,  a  substitute  was  adopted 
instead  of  Burrill's  resolution,  and  a  committee  of  five  was  ap 
pointed  to  enquire  into  the  propriety  of  reducing  the  pay  of  the 
members  of  Congress,  and  also  the  allowances  of  all  executive 
officers,  with  leave  to  report  by  bill  or  otherwise.  Dana  is  the 
Chairman  of  this  committee,  and  is  making  the  above-men 
tioned  enquiries  with  a  view  to  the  report.  Eddy's  resolution 
fared  still  worse  in  the  House  of  Representatives.  The  House 
refused  to  consider  it ;  but  sweeping  propositions  of  universal 
retrenchment  in  the  army,  navy,  fortifications,  and  executive 
offices  took  their  places.  Dana  himself  does  not  incline  to 
the  reduction  of  any  of  the  expenses  of  the  mere  administra 
tion  of  the  Government,  but  he  is  not  prepared  to  meet  the 
tide  of  popular  sentiment  by  direct  opposition.  His  path  is  by 
winding  stairs. 

Mr.  Canning  came  to  speak  of  the  papers  communicated  to 
the  House  of  Representatives  by  the  President  with  his  mes 
sage  relative  to  the  negotiations  concerning  the  slave-trade. 
There  was  one  passage  in  a  dispatch  from  me  to  R.  Rush 
which  I  was  aware  would,  when  published,  be  displeasing  to 
the  British  Government.  It  was  a  reflection  somewhat  pointed 
at  the  principle  in  the  treaty  between  Great  Britain  and  the 
Netherlands,  that  the  cruisers  for  slave-traders  of  each  nation 
should  be  authorized  to  search  vessels  of  the  other,  even  under 
convoy  of  armed  vessels  of  their  own.  Canning  alluded  to  it 
in  general  terms,  intimating  that  he  could  have  wished  that  it 
had  not  been  included  in  the  communication  to  Congress.  As 
a  letter  of  instruction  from  this  Government  to  its  own  Min 
ister,  he  had  nothing  to  say  of  it,  but,  as  it  was  no  part  of  the 


i82i.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  233 

communications  which  had  passed  between  the  two  Govern 
ments,  it  did  not  seem,  he  said,  to  be  required  by  the  call 
from  the  House,  and,  containing  something  like  censure  on 
the  British  Government,  might  have  been  omitted  from  papers 
communicated  to  Congress  for  publication. 

I  told  him  that  the  call  of  the  House  included  whatever  had 
been  done  by  direction  of  the  President  in  this  negotiation,  of 
which  the  instruction  to  Mr.  Rush  was  a  very  essential  part; 
that  I  was  not  aware  of  any  censure,  in  the  paper  to  which  he 
alluded,  upon  the  British  Government;  the  allusion  was  only 
to  an  important  difference  of  principle  between  them  and  us ; 
and  the  occasion  was  such  as  required  that  we  should  be  very 
explicit  in  the  avowal  of  our  principles.  I  could  assure  him 
there  was  nothing  offensive  in  the  intention. 

He  then  observed  that  among  the  papers  communicated  he 
had  observed  that  the  addresses  from  both  Houses  of  Par 
liament  to  the  King,  requesting  him  further  to  negotiate  with 
the  United  States  for  the  suppression  of  the  slave-trade,  were 
not  included.  It  had  escaped  my  recollection  that  copies  of 
these  addresses  had  ever  been  received.  I  told  Mr.  Canning 
that  I  thought  they  had  not ;  the  substance  of  them  had  been 
reported  in  a  dispatch  from  Mr.  Rush,  which  is  one  of  the 
papers  sent  with  the  message  to  the  House  of  Representatives; 
but  the  copies  of  the  addresses  themselves  I  believed  had  not 
been  received.  He  said  he  would  send  me  copies  of  them  to 
morrow,  and  I  promised  him  that  a  supplementary  message 
should  be  sent  with  them. 

Immediately  after  he  left  me,  I  examined  myself  the  whole 
file  of  Rush's  dispatches,  and  very  soon  found  the  one  enclos 
ing  the  copies  of  the  addresses.  It  had  been  overlooked  by 
Mr.  Brent,  the  Chief  Clerk  of  the  Department,  in  the  search 
which  I  had  altogether  relied  upon  him  to  make  of  the  papers 
to  be  sent  in  answer  to  the  call  of  the  House.  I  immediately 
directed  copies  of  them  to  be  made,  and,  as  the  documents  with 
the  message  have  not  yet  been  printed  in  pamphlet,  I  desired 
Mr.  Brent,  if  the  Speaker  of  the  House  would  consent,  that 
they  should  be  sent  immediately  to  the  printers  and  added  as 
part  of  the  documents  annexed  to  the  message. 


234  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

This  accident  is  one  of  those  which  many  times  have  hap 
pened  from  the  complicated  cause  of  my  own  inattention, 
Brent's  inaptitude,  and  the  want  of  method  in  the  arrange 
ment  of  business  and  disposal  of  papers  in  the  Department. 
Every  such  instance  of  defective  memory  in  myself  brings  with 
it  humiliating  reflections  upon  my  own  infirmity.  While  con 
scious  of  that,  let  it  at  least  make  me  sensible  of  the  indulgence 
due  to  others.  I  ought  not  to  have  forgotten  that  these  papers 
had  been  received  from  Mr.  Rush.  I  ought  to  have  examined 
the  whole  file  of  Rush's  dispatches  myself  for  the  documents 
to  be  sent  with  the  message. 

nth.  R.  W.  Meade,  of  Philadelphia,  a  man  who  has  been  of 
great  notoriety  in  the  course  of  our  controversies  with  Spain, 
came  this  morning  and  introduced  himself  to  me  at  the  office, 
saying  that  he  was  the  bearer  of  the  Florida  Treaty,  ratified  by 
the  King  of  Spain.  He  then  took  from  his  pocket  a  large 
packet  addressed  to  the  Spanish  Minister,  General  Vives,  and 
said  that  was  the  treaty,  and  that  he  (Meade)  had  received  it 
from  the  messenger  who  had  brought  it  from  Madrid.  He 
was  going  with  it  to  General  Vives,  but  had  determined  to 
come  and  show  it  to  me,  and  give  me  the  first  notice  of  its 
being  here.  There  were  circumstances  which  led  me  to  sus 
pect  that  Mr.  Meade  was  mistaken,  but,  as  he  was  an  entire 
stranger  to  me,  and  a  few' hours  would  ascertain  the  fact,  I  said 
nothing  to  him  of  my  suspicions.  He  asked  me  if  his  claim 
was  provided  for  in  the  treaty,  and  said  that  it  was  of  infinite 
importance  for  him  to  know  immediately,  in  order  that,  if  it  was 
not,  he  might  without  delay  resort  to  the  Spanish  Government 
to  obtain  payment  of  it.  I  said  that  this  question  had  been  put 
to  me  from  many  other  claimants,  and  I  had  invariably  declined 
answering  it,  because,  whether  any  particular  claim  was  or  was 
not  embraced  by  the  provisions  of  the  treaty,  was  to  be  decided 
by  the  Commissioners  upon  the  terms  of  the  treaty  itself,  which 
must  speak  for  and  explain  itself.  My  opinion  upon  it  would 
go  for  nothing.  All  I  could  say  to  him  was,  that  I  supposed  his 
claim  was  included  among  those  provided  for  by  the  treaty. 
After  Meade  left  me,  I  called  at  the  President's,  and  told  him 
what  Meade  had  said  of  his  being  the  bearer  of  the  ratified 


i82i.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  235 

treaty.  But  I  requested  the  President  not  to  mention  it  to 
any  person,  for  I  did  not  believe  it,  and  if  it  should  go  forth 
as  a  positive  fact  from  the  Administration  and  afterwards 
prove  untrue,  it  would  cast  a  ridicule  upon  the  Administra 
tion  itself. 

Mr.  Delafield  called,  and  told  me  that  he  had  conversed  both 
with  Mr.  Storrs  and  Mr.  Mallary  upon  their  resolutions  con 
cerning  the  Ghent  Treaty  Commissions ;  that  they  had  both 
declared  themselves  perfectly  satisfied  of  the  propriety  of  his 
appointment,  and  with  the  allowance  made  to  him  for  the 
service.  I  said  that  Mr.  Mallary's  resolution  did  not  appear 
to  bear  upon  this  point;  but  if  Mr.  Storrs,  as  Chairman  of 
the  committee  of  the  House  of  Representatives  upon  the  ex 
penditures  in  the  Department  of  State,  would  report  to  the 
House  the  opinion  which  he  had  expressed  to  Delafield,  all 
would  be  right.  I  had  been  expecting  to  hear  from  Mr.  Storrs 
since  his  appointment  on  this  committee,  but  hitherto  without 
effect. 

Mr.  William  Allen  Deas  paid  me  a  visit,  on  his  way  from 
Philadelphia  to  the  Western  country,  where  he  now  resides. 
In  the  year  1794  I  had  known  him  as  Secretary  to  Mr.  Thomas 
Pinckney,  then  our  Minister  in  London.  In  October,  1795,  I 
found  him  again  as  Charge  d'Affaires  at  London,  and  upon  Mr. 
Pinckney's  return  from  his  special  mission  to  Madrid  he  re 
sumed  the  character  of  his  Secretary.  I  left  him  in  London, 
May,  1796,  then  about  to  return  with  Mr.  Pinckney  to  this 
country.  Since  then  I  have  never  seen  him  till  this  day.  He 
was  then  a  young,  gay,  and  fashionable  man.  Twenty-five  years 
have  drawn  furrows  upon  his  face.  He  is  now  a  plain,  grave,  and 
elderly  man.  These  transitions  from  youth  to  old  age  always 
seem  instantaneous  on  meeting,  after  a  lapse  of  many  years,  a 
person  whom  I  have  formerly  known.  Nothing  so  forcibly 
brings  home  to  the  mind  the  operation  of  time  and  human  mu 
tability.  Memory  retains  of  persons  the  impression  left  upon 
it  when  they  were  last  seen.  Time  accomplishes  a  metamor 
phosis  which  we  can  scarcely  realize  but  by  the  testimony  of 
the  senses.  I  received  some  months  since  from  Mr.  Deas  a 
letter  soliciting  my  aid  in  behalf  of  his  son,  to  obtain  for  him  a 


236  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

warrant  of  midshipman  in  the  navy.  He  is  to  proceed  upon 
his  journey  to-morrow,  and  dined  with  me  this  day. 

1 2th.  Mr.  Calhoun  called  this  morning  at  my  house,  and 
apologized  for  having  missed  dining  with  us  yesterday ;  he  had 
forgotten  the  day  of  the  invitation,  and  did  not  discover  the 
mistake  until  last  evening  after  having  dined  at  home.  He  also 
enquired  if  I  had  any  further  accounts  from  Spain.  I  told  him 
of  Meade's  visit  and  assertion  yesterday,  which  last,  having 
heard  nothing  from  General  Vives,  I  now  totally  disbelieved. 
On  going  to  the  office,  I  received  a  letter  from  Meade  himself, 
acknowledging  the  mistake,  and  that  General  Vives  had  this 
day  informed  him  that  the  dispatch  of  which  he  had  been  the 
bearer  did  not  contain  the  treaty.  He  represents  himself  to 
have  been  led  into  the  error  by  the  assurances  of  several  Span 
ish  Consuls  and  Agents.  Of  all  the  transactions  in  which  I  ever 
was  concerned,  this  negotiation  is  the  most  treacherous.  Not 
a  step  of  it  can  be  taken  without  meeting  with  delusion  and 
fraud. 

1 3th.  Captain  O'Brien  called  at  the  office.  He  has  not  yet 
obtained  a  report  from  the  Committee  of  Claims  upon  his 
petition.  The  ship,  he  says,  is  aground  on  the  Missouri  bar, 
and  God  knows  when  or  how  she  will  be  got  off.  They  have 
been  three  days  debating  in  the  House  of  Representatives 
whether  an  entry  upon  their  journals  should  be  that  Mr. 
Lowndes  presented  three  memorials  of  the  Legislature  "  of 
Missouri,"  or  "of  the  State  of  Missouri,"  and  have  taken  five 
times  the  yeas  and  nays  upon  questions  arising  from  the  debate. 
The  Clerk  had  made  up  the  journal  with  the  words  "  the  State 
of  Missouri ;"  the  Speaker  had  erased  the  words  "the  State  of." 
Cobb,  of  Georgia,  moved  to  amend  the  journal  by  reinserting 
the  words  "  the  State  of" — the  vote  on  this  question  was  sev 
enty-six  to  seventy-six,  and  was  decided  only  by  the  casting 
vote  of  the  Speaker  himself.  Then  there  were  motions  to  in 
sert  the  words  "the  Territory  of" — "  the  late  Territory  of,"  and 
finally  a  string  of  resolutions,  offered  by  R.  R.  Reid,  of  Georgia, 
declaring  the  erasures  made  by  the  Speaker  to  be  alterations, 
and  not  corrections,  of  the  journal.  These  are  all  ebullitions 
from  the  heated  temper  of  the  parties.  The  actual  condition 


i82i.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

of  Missouri  is  neither  that  of  a  State  nor  a  Territory,  but  in 
the  very  process  of  the  metamorphosis — the  chrysalis  between 
the  egg  and  the  butterfly. 

i/th.  Mr.  Canning  called  upon  me  at  the  office,  to  have  what 
he  called  a  little  gossiping  conversation  with  me,  but  he  stayed 
with  me  at  least  three  full  hours,  and  at  last,  after  it  was  nearly 
dark,  drawing  out  his  watch,  he  exclaimed,  "  God  bless  me  !  'tis 
near  six  o'clock,  and  I  have  invited  a  large  party  to  dine  with 
me  at  five.  I  believe  you  must  offend  me"  Our  conversation 
had  been  upon  a  great  variety  of  topics,  political  and  literary, 
but  not  upon  anything  of  business.  As  on  other  occasions,  I 
gave  him,  with  more  freedom  than  caution,  my  own  opinions, 
while  he  was  exceedingly  reserved  and  discreet  in  the  expression 
of  his  own.  There  is  danger  to  a  man  in  my  station  in  holding 
such  conversations ;  yet  I  do  not,  even  upon  such  occasions, 
speak  without  motive.  As  I  know  that  the  substance  of  all 
that  I  say  upon  political  topics  will  be  reported  to  the  Govern 
ment  of  the  man  to  whom  I  speak,  I  express  such  opinions  as, 
being  really  mine,  may,  so  far  as  they  can  possibly  have  any 
influence,  promote  the  interest  of  my  country  or  the  cause  of 
truth,  virtue,  and  liberty.  The  danger  is  twofold  :  first,  of  being 
misunderstood,  and,  secondly,  of  being  misrepresented ;  and  it 
would  perhaps  be  wiser  to  keep  all  foreign  Ministers  more  at  a 
distance,  and  talk  with  them  upon  nothing  but  business  or  the 
weather. 

1 8th.  Walking  round  to  my  office,  I  met  T.  Fuller,  a  member 
of  the  House  from  Massachusetts,  who  told  me  that  there  had 
been  very  severe  animadversions  yesterday  upon  the  Secretary 
of  War  by  John  Floyd,  a  member  from  Virginia.  The  example 
had  already  been  set  by  Lewis  Williams,  who  owes  Calhoun  an 
old  grudge ;  and  the  attack,  which  commenced  at  the  last 
session  by  arresting  the  Yellowstone  River  expedition,  is  now 
systematically  pursued  by  a  coalition  of  all  the  partisans  of  Mr. 
Crawford,  of  De  Witt  Clinton,  and  of  Mr.  Clay,  in  the  House. 
The  falling  off  in  the  revenue  has  stirred  up  the  spirit  of  economy 
and  retrenchment,  and  as  the  expenditures  of  the  War  Depart 
ment  are  those  upon  which  the  most  considerable  reduction 
can  be  made,  it  is  at  them  that  the  economists  level  their  first 


238  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

and  principal  batteries.  Individual  personal  jealousies,  envies 
and  resentments,  partisan  ambitions,  and  private  interests  and 
hopes,  mingle  in  the  motives  which  prompt  this  policy.  About 
one-half  the  members  of  Congress  are  seekers  for  office  at  the 
nomination  of  the  President.  Of  the  remainder,  at  least  one- 
half  have  some  appointment  or  favor  to  ask  for  their  relatives. 
But  there  are  two  modes  of  obtaining  their  ends  :  one  by  sub 
serviency,  and  the  other  by  opposition.  These  may  be  called 
the  cringing  canvass  and  the  flouting  canvass.  As  the  public 
opinion  is  most  watchful  of  the  cringing  canvass,  the  flouters 
are  in  fact  the  most  numerous  party.  This  Dr.  Floyd  is  one 
of  the  flouters.  The  President  gave  me  yesterday  to  read  a 
paper  which  this  man  has  prepared  as  Chairman  of  a  com 
mittee,  being  a  report  urging  an  immediate  settlement  and  ter 
ritorial  establishment  at  the  mouth  of  Columbia  River,  and  a 
total  change  of  our  system  of  intercourse  and  trade  with  the 
Indians.  Floyd  had  put  it  into  the  President's  hands,  with  a 
request  that  he  would  suggest  any  alterations  that  he  might 
think  desirable.  I  returned  the  paper  this  morning  to  the 
President,  who  asked  me  what  I  thought  of  it.  I  told  him  I 
could  recommend  no  alteration.  The  paper  was  a  tissue  of 
errors  in  fact  and  abortive  reasoning,  of  invidious  reflections 
and  rude  invectives.  There  was  nothing  could  purify  it  but 
the  fire. 

The  President  told  me  he  had  been  informed  that  the 
Columbia  River  settlement  project  was  for  the  benefit  of  a 
brother-in-law  of  Dr.  Floyd's,  who  was  Treasurer  of  the  State 
of  Virginia,  and  about  a  year  since  was  detected  in  the  embez 
zlement  of  the  funds,  of  the  State,  and  was  a  delinquent  to  the 
amount  of  many  thousand  dollars.  This  had  so  disgraced 
him  in  reputation  that  a  retreat  to  Columbia  River  was  thought 
expedient  for  him  by  his  friends,  and,  as  his  near  relations 
shared  something  of  the  ignominy  which  had  attached  to  him, 
Dr.  Floyd  probably  intended  to  be  of  the  Columbia  River 
party  too. 

I9th.  Mr.  Dana,  the  Senator  from  Connecticut,  came  to  make 
further  enquiries  concerning  the  expenditures  in  the  Executive 
Departments.  He  said,  after  his  manner,  "It  is  my  opinion  that 


1 82 1.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


239 


the  expenditures  in  the  Executive  Departments  are  very  ex 
travagant  ;  and  now  what  have  you  to  say  in  defence  of  them  ?" 
I  answered,  in  the  same  tone,  "  But  before  you  put  me  upon  my 
defence,  please  to  specify  to  which  of  the  Departments,  and  in 
what  the  charge  of  extravagance  consists."  "To  all  the  Depart 
ments  ;  and  the  special  charge  consists  in  the  increased  amount 
of  expenditures  in  each  Department.  The  expenses  in  the  War 
and  Treasury  Departments,  for  instance,  are,  in  the  year  1820, 
three  times  as  great  as  they  were  in  1800.  In  the  Department 
of  State  they  are  increased  not  in  the  same  proportion,  but  are 
about  doubled."  I  then  said,  "As  to  the  increase  in  the  other 
Departments,  I  must  leave  the  defence  of  them,  which  would 
be  very  easy,  to  their  respective  heads.  It  would  be  enough 
for  me  to  defend  my  own  dominions.  As  to  the  increase  in  the 
Department  of  State,  a  small  part  of  it  was  occasioned  by  an 
augmentation  of  the  salaries  of  the  officers  employed  in  it. 
That  of  the  Secretary  had  been  only  of  two  years'  standing ; 
as  the  salary  now  is,  my  individual  and  domestic  expenses  ex 
ceed  it  from  four  to  five  thousand  dollars  every  year,  and  as  a 
reduction  of  it  would  only  increase  by  so  much  the  contribu 
tion  which  I  pay  for  serving  the  public,  if  in  the  consideration 
of  Congress  that  sacrifice  be  necessary  for  an  alleviation  to  the 
burdens  of  the  country,  I  am  quite  prepared  to  acquiesce  in  it. 
But  I  should  regret  any  reduction  of  the  salaries  of  the  clerks, 
because  none  could  be  made  which,  in  amount,  could  be  any 
object  to  the  nation,  and  because  the  best  of  them  gave  no 
more  than  a  comfortable  subsistence  to  the  holders ;  and  none 
were  adequate  compensation  for  the  qualifications  which,  to  be 
fit  for  the  offices,  they  ought  to  possess.  But  the  great  increase 
of  expense  was  owing  to  the  increase  of  the  country  and  of  the 
duties  to  be  performed  at  the  Department.  The  foreign  corre 
spondence,  indeed,  remained  much  the  same  now  as  it  was  in 
1800.  The  only  difference  was  a  Legation  in  Russia  now  in 
stead  of  a  Legation  in  Prussia  then,  and  an  additional  Charge 
d'Affaires  now  in  Sweden.  But  the  interior  correspondence 
then  was  with  sixteen  States ;  it  is  now  with  twenty-four.  It 
was  then  with  a  population  of  less  than  five,  and  now  of  more 
than  nine,  millions  ;  to  which  must  be  added  the  increase  of 


MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

the  inquisitive  spirit  in  Congress.  At  that  time  there  were  in 
Congress  about  one  hundred  and  thirty  members ;  there  are 
now  upwards  of  two  hundred  and  thirty.  Then  two  or  three 
octavo  and  one  folio  volume  constituted  all  the  documents 
printed  at  a  session.  Now  there  are  from  fifteen  to  twenty  vol 
umes  published  every  )*ear.  There  are  assuredly  five  calls  from 
Congress  for  information  and  documents  from  the  Departments 
for  one  that  there  was  then.  Every  call  requires  a  report,  and 
every  call  gives  copying  employment  for  clerks.  Congress, 
three  years  ago,  allowed  two  additional  copying  clerks,  but 
they  required,  in  addition  to  all  the  current  business,  the  copy 
ing  and  publication  of  five  large  volumes — one,  the  journal  of 
the  Federal  Convention  of  1/87;  one,  the  digest  of  foreign 
commercial  regulations;  and  three,  of  secret  journals  of  the 
old  Congress."  I  then  informed  him  how  the  business  was 
distributed  in  the  Department,  and  of  the  employment  of  the 
several  clerks,  and  told  him  that  instead  of  having  superfluous 
hands  I  wanted  one  or  two  more,  and  should  certainly  ask  of 
Congress  appropriations  for  them  were  it  not  that  in  their 
present  retrenching  disposition  it  is  doubtful  whether  they  will 
even  leave  me  those  that  I  have.  Mr.  Dana  professed  himself 
to  be  satisfied  with  my  defence,  which  in  fact  he  did  not  need 
for  himself,  but  he  said  he  should  use  the  information  I  had 
given  him  at  the  proper  time  and  place. 

2Oth.  Had  a  visit  from  Mr.  Manuel  Torres,  styled  the  Charge 
d'Affaires  from  the  republic  of  Colombia.  He  came,  as  usual, 
to  ask  for  an  acknowledgment  of  the  republic,  a  loan  of  money, 
and  a  supply  of  arms.  I  told  him  it  was  to  be  expected  from 
the  armistice  lately  concluded  between  the  Generals  Bolivar 
and  Morillo  that  the  republic  would  soon  be  acknowledged  by 
all  the  world,  and  that  I  hoped  under  these  circumstances  his 
country  would  henceforth  need  neither  loan  of  money  nor  sup 
ply  of  arms.  I  enquired  if  he  had  received  any  new  instruc 
tions  from  his  Government  since  the  armistice,  and  whether  he 
had  been  informed  how  it  came  to  be  made. 

He  had  no  new  instructions,  not  even  to  inform  him  of  the 
armistice.  He  supposed  it  was  a  sort  of  capitulation  to  permit 
Morillo  and  the  Spaniards  to  evacuate  the  country.  There 


1 82 1.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  24! 

was  no  doubt  that  if  the  war  had  continued  the  patriots  would 
by  this  time  have  been  in  possession  of  Carthagena ;  but  there 
must  have  been  sharp  fighting  for  it,  and  if  it  had  been  taken 
by  force,  the  inhabitants  must  have  suffered  very  severely  by 
the  operation.  The  danger  of  this  would  have  been  the  greater 
because  there  had  been  of  late  numerous  desertions  from  the 
Spanish  army  to  the  patriots.  These  deserters  immediately 
joined  the  patriots'  service,  and,  having  neither  interest  nor 
personal  connection  with  the  country,  their  real  object  was 
plunder,  and  they  cared  not  from  which  party  of  the  inhab 
itants.  Bolivar  had  already  found  them  very  troublesome,  and 
was  probably  apprehensive  of  having  them  come  over  to  him 
in  larger  numbers.  It  was  neither  his  policy  nor  the  interest 
of  the  patriots  that  the  inhabitants  of  the  places  in  possession 
of  the  Spaniards  should  suffer,  because,  after  all,  the  country 
itself  would  suffer  by  their  injuries. 

This  explanation  of  the  armistice  is  very  plausible,  and  may 
be  correct.  But  it  does  not  accord  with  the  very  formal  written 
communication  lately  made  to  me  by  Mr.  Torres,  in  which  the 
very  proposals  for  an  armistice  made  by  the  Spanish  com 
manders  were  represented  as  insidious,  because  they  were  ad 
dressed  at  the  same  time  to  the  Congress  and  to  different  Gen 
erals  distant  from  each  other;  and  the  most  positive  assurances 
were  given  that  no  armistice  would  be  agreed  to  without  a 
distinct  acknowledgment  of  independence.  I  told  Mr.  Torres 
that  at  all  events  I  was  much  gratified  to  observe  the  other 
convention  between  the  two  Generals,  stipulating  that  if  the 
war  should  be  renewed  it  should  be  conducted  upon  the  prin 
ciples  of  legitimate  warfare. 

22d.  Dr.  Allison  called  upon  me  this  morning.  He  is  an 
old  Baptist  clergyman,  who  was  a  chaplain  in  our  army  during 
the  Revolutionary  War.  Having  no  talent  for  public  speaking, 
he  has  not  been  successful  in  his  calling,  has  no  parish  or  per 
manent  church,  and  even  the  House  of  Representatives,  who 
for  several  sessions  chose  him  in  charity  for  their  chaplain,  have 
dropped  him  at  this  session.  He  is  in  very  needy  circum 
stances,  and  has  long  been  a  candidate  for  the  appointment  of 
Superintendent  of  the  Patent  Office  in  case  of  the  removal  of  Dr. 
VOL.  v.— 1 6 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

Thornton  by  an  appointment  to  South  America.  But  he  came 
now  to  tell  me  that  he  was  the  Vice-President  of  the  General 
Association  of  Baptist  Ministers  throughout  the  United  States; 
that  this  office  gave  him  a  very  extensive  political  influence — 
because  this  Association  held  annual  meetings,  and  although 
they  had  no  direct  discussion  of  political  subjects,  yet  there 
was  much  conversation  among  the  members  concerning  public 
men  and  public  affairs,  and  it  was  in  his  power  to  exercise 
great  influence  over  the  opinions  of  the  members,  a  power 
which  would  be  much  enlarged  with  some  small  assistance  of 
money;  that  as  the  second  election  of  Mr.  Monroe  as  Presi 
dent  of  the  United  States  was  now  completed,  it  was  natural 
to  look  forward  to  the  next  Presidential  term  and  enquire  who 
would  be  the  fittest  person  for  his  successor;  that  he  had 
reflected  much  upon  this  subject,  and  had  come  to  the  conclu 
sion  that  I  was  the  most  suitable  person,  and  that  he  should 
be  disposed  to  exercise  all  his  influence  in  my  favor. 

I  tendered  him  my  thanks  for  his  good  opinion,  and  told  him 
I  could  make  him  no  better  return  for  it  than  to  give  him  a 
candid  and  explicit  statement  of  my  principles.  I  did  not 
know  that  it  was  Mr.  Monroe's  intention  to  retire  from  public 
life  at  the  expiration  of  his  second  Presidential  term.  If  he 
should  not  decline  a  third  election,  I  should  not  consent, 
were  it  even  in  my  power,  to  have  my  name  held  up  as  a 
candidate  in  opposition  to  him.  If  he  should  decline,  and  my 
life  and  health  after  four  years  remain  as  at  present,  I  shall 
with  others  be  before  the  nation  to  be  disposed  of  as  they 
may  think  proper.  If  others  should  be  disposed  to  hold  me 
up  as  a  candidate  for  the  suffrages  of  my  country,  I  shall  not, 
as  at  present  advised,  withhold  my  name ;  but  I  shall  neither 
solicit  the  nomination  nor  take  any  part  whatever  in  procuring 
or  supporting  it. 

The  Doctor  said  he  thought  the  principle  which  I  had  de 
termined  to  pursue  entirely  correct,  and  that  his  own  purposes 
as  he  had  mentioned  them  were  all  founded  upon  the  presump 
tion  that  Mr.  Monroe  would  decline  another  re-election,  as  he 
should  not  wish  to  support  any  other  person  in  opposition  to 
him.  The  Doctor  then,  apparently,  but,  I  believe,  not  really 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  343 

satisfied,  left  me.  I  should  be  sorry  to  do  him  injustice,  but  I 
suspect,  so  far  as  the  pledge  of  his  influence  may  go,  the  true 
Amphitryon  will  be  the  man  that  shall  give  the  dinner. 

26th.  General  Vives,  the  Spanish  Minister,  was  at  the  office. 
He  came  to  ask  again  for  answers  to  several  notes,  which  I 
have  postponed  in  expectation  of  the  arrival  of  the  ratified 
Florida  Treaty.  He  said  that  he  had  been  informed  that  a 
Mr.  De  Barros  was  the  bearer  of  it,  and  had  been  dispatched 
with  it  from  Madrid  the  25th  of  October.  He  was  to  embark 
at  Bordeaux  in  a  vessel  bound  to  Philadelphia.  The  severity 
of  the  season  here  has  had  corresponding  prevalent  westerly 
winds  on  the  Atlantic  Ocean. 

Mr.  Canning,  the  British  Minister,  called  at  the  office,  and, 
intimating  that  he  came  to  have  some  conversation  with  me  in 
his  official  character,  observed  that,  having  been  some  days 
since  present  at  a  debate  in  the  House  of  Representatives,  he 
had  heard  some  observations  made  by  Mr.  Nelson,  of  Virginia, 
importing  a  design  in  the  Government  of  this  country  to  form 
some  new  settlement  on  the  South  Sea;  that  he  should  not 
particularly  have  noticed  this  but  that  in  the  National  Intelli 
gencer  of  this  morning,  a  paper  generally  considered  as  par 
taking  in  some  sort  of  an  official  character,  there  was  a  publi 
cation  signed  by  Mr.  Eaton,  a  member  of  the  Senate,  which 
was  a  part  of  the  Executive  Government,  and  which  disclosed 
an  avowed  project  for  such  a  settlement  on  the  Pacific  Ocean. 
He  had,  therefore,  thought  it  his  duty  to  call  upon  me  and  en 
quire  what  were  the  intentions  of  the  Government  in  this  respect. 

The  personal  communications  between  Mr.  Canning  and  me 
hitherto  had  all  been  of  a  character  so  conciliatory  and  friendly 
that,  although  much  surprised  both  at  the  form  and  substance 
of  this  address,  I  answered  him  that  I  had  not  read  the  publi 
cation  of  Mr.  Eaton,  nor  had  I  heard  of  the  remark  which  he 
mentioned  to  have  been  made  by  Mr.  Nelson ;  that  I  was  not 
acquainted  with  the  opinions  of  those  members  of  Congress  on 
this  subject,  but,  from  a  prevailing  disposition  in  the  country,  it 
was  very  probable  that  our  settlement  at  the  mouth  of  Columbia 
River  would  at  no  remote  period  be  increased. 

He  immediately  assumed  an  air  widely  different  from  that  of 


244  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

the  easy  familiarity  with  which  the  conversation  had  commenced, 
and,  with  a  tone  more  peremptory  than  I  was  disposed  to  endure, 
said  he  was  greatly  surprised  at  receiving  this  answer.  With  a 
corresponding  change  of  tone,  I  told  him  he  could  not  be  more 
surprised  than  I  was,  both  at  the  form  and  substance  of  his 
address  on  this  occasion. 

"And  am  I  to  understand  this,"  said  he,  "as  the  determina 
tion  of  the  American  Government?" 

"  No,  sir,"  said  I ;  "  you  are  to  understand  nothing  as  the 
determination  of  the  American  Government  that  I  say  to  you 
without  consultation  with  and  directions  from  the  President. 
What  I  have  now  said  to  you  is  merely  an  opinion  of  my 
own." 

He  then  repeated  that  he  was  greatly  surprised  to  hear  it,  as 
he  conceived  such  a  settlement  would  be  a  direct  violation  of 
the  article  of  the  Convention  of  2Oth  October,  1818. 

I  immediately  rose  from  my  seat  to  look  for  the  volume  of 
the  laws  of  the  United  States  which  contained  the  Convention. 
While  I  was  looking  for  it,  Mr.  Canning  said  it  was  not  his  wish 
to  take  me  upon  this  subject  by  surprise,  and  that,  if  it  would 
be  more  agreeable  to  me,  he  would  call  upon  me  some  other 
day. 

Without  replying  to  this  remark,  having  found  the  book,  I 
resumed  my  seat,  and,  after  reading  audibly  the  article  of  the 
Convention  respecting  the  boundary,  said,  "  Now,  sir,  if  you 
have  any  charge  to  make  against  the  American  Government 
for  a  violation  of  this  article,  you  will  please  to  make  the 
communication  in  writing." 

He  then  said,  with  great  vehemence,  "  And  do  you  sup 
pose,  sir,  that  I  am  to  be  dictated  to  in  the  manner  in  which 
I  may  think  proper  to  communicate  with  the  American  Gov 
ernment  ?" 

I  answered,  "  No,  sir.  We  know  very  well  what  are  the 
privileges  of  foreign  Ministers,  and  mean  to  respect  them.  But 
you  will  give  us  leave  to  determine  what  communications  we 
will  receive,  and  how  we  will  receive  them ;  and,  you  may  be 
assured,  we  are  as  little  disposed  to  submit  to  dictation  as  to 
exercise  it." 


1 82 1.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  24$ 

He  then,  in  a  louder  and  more  passionate  tone  of  voice, 
said,  "  And  am  I  to  understand  that  I  am  to  be  refused  hence 
forth  any  conference  with  you  on  the  business  of  my  mission  ?" 

"  Not  at  all,  sir,"  said  I ;  "  my  request  is,  that  if  you  have 
anything  further  to  say  to  me  upon  this  subject,  you  would  say 
it  in  writing.  And  my  motive  is,  to  avoid  what,  both  from  the 
nature  of  the  subject  and  from  the  manner  in  which  you  have 
thought  proper  to  open  it,  I  foresee  will  tend  only  to  mutual 
irritation,  and  not  to  an  amicable  arrangement." 

With  some  abatement  of  the  tone,  but  in  the  same  peremp 
tory  manner,  he  said,  "  Am  I  to  understand  that  you  refuse  any 
further  conference  with  me  on  this  subject?" 

I  said,  "  No.  But  you  will  understand  that  I  am  not  pleased 
either  with  the  grounds  upon  which  you  have  sought  this  con 
ference,  nor  with  the  questions  which  you  have  seen  fit  to  put 
to  me.  The  only  foundation  upon  which  you  rest  your  appli 
cation  is  a  remark  made  by  a  member  of  Congress  in  a  debate, 
and  a  publication  of  another  member  of  Congress  in  a  news 
paper.  The  members  of  the  legislature  of  this  country  are 
not  only  perfectly  independent  of  the  Executive,  but  the  Ex 
ecutive  cannot  permit  itself  to  be  questioned  by  any  foreign 
Minister  upon  anything  said  or  done  by  them.  And  as  little 
do  I  admit  your  right  to  ask  any  question  of  our  intentions 
with  regard  to  the  mouth  of  Columbia  River." 

"  What,  then,"  said  Mr.  Canning,  "  was  the  meaning  of  the 
article  in  the  Convention  which  you  have  just  read?" 

"  Its  true  meaning  I  suppose  to  be  that  both  parties  con 
sidered  the  whole  subject  not  worth  disputing  about;  but,  after 
the  British  Government  had  sent  out  a  public  ship  with  express 
orders  to  make  a  formal  surrender  to  us  of  the  post  at  the 
mouth  of  the  Columbia  River,  which  had  been  taken  during 
the  late  war,  and  after  that  restoration  had  been  thus  made,  we 
certainly  did  expect  that  we  should  hear  nothing  further  from 
them  on  that  subject ;  we  thought  they  had  made  up  their 
minds  concerning  it;  and  it  forebodes  no  good  to  the  harmony 
between  the  two  countries  if  they  have  not." 

Canning. — "  I  have  understood  that  the  transaction  during 
the  war  was  rather  a  transfer  of  property  between  individuals 


246  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN   QU1NCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

than  a  capture.  The  property  of  the  American  settlement 
which  had  been  made  before  was  purchased  by  British  mer 
chants  from  Canada.  The  order  to  restore  the  place  was 
given  to  put  things  in  the  same  condition  that  they  had  been 
in  before  the  war,  but  could  have  no  effect  on  the  question 
of  title.  It  was,  therefore,  my  duty  to  make  this  application  to 
the  American  Government ;  a  duty  the  more  urgent  when  it 
was  considered  that  in  1817  the  American  ship-of-war  Ontario 
was  sent  out  without  any  notice  to  the  British  Minister  at 
Washington." 

He  said  this  in  a  very  emphatic  manner,  and  as  if  there  had 
been  an  intended  secret  expedition  in  the  fitting  out  of  the 
Ontario,  which  had  been  only  detected  by  the  vigilance  and 
penetration  of  the  British  Minister. 

I  answered,  "  Why,  Mr.  Bagot  did  say  something  to  me 
about  it ;  but  I  certainly  did  not  think  him  serious,  and  we  had 
a  good-humored  laughing  conversation  on  the  occasion." 

Canning,  with  great  vehemence. — "  You  may  rely  upon  it, 
sir,  that  it  was  no  laughing-matter  to  him ;  for  I  have  seen  his 
report  of  it  to  his  Government,  and  know  what  his  feelings 
concerning  it  were." 

I  replied,  "  This  is  the  first  intimation  I  have  ever  received 
that  Mr.  Bagot  took  the  slightest  offence  at  what  then  passed 
between  us.  There  never,  to  my  recollection,  at  any  time  passed 
a  word  in  anger  between  Mr.  Bagot  and  me  ;  and  you  will  give 
me  leave  to  say  that  when  he  left  this  country " 

Here  I  was  going  to  add  that  the  last  words  he  said  to  me 
were  words  of  thanks  for  the  invariable  urbanity  and  liberality 
of  my  conduct,  and  the  personal  kindness  which  he  had  uni 
formly  received  from  me ;  but  I  could  not  finish  the  sentence. 
Mr.  Canning,  in  a  paroxysm  of  extreme  irritation,  broke  out — 

"  I  stop  you  there.  I  will  not  endure  a  misrepresentation  of 
what  I  say.  I  never  said  that  Mr.  Bagot  took  offence  at  any 
thing  that  had  passed  between  him  and  you ;  and  nothing  that 
I  said  imported  any  such  thing."  Then,  after  a  pause  of  a  few 
moments,  he  added,  in  the  same  passionate  manner,  "  I  am 
treated  like  a  school-boy." 

I  then  resumed  :  "  Mr.  Canning,  I  have  a  distinct  recollection 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

of  the  substance  of  the  short  conversation  between  Mr.  Bagot 
and  me  at  that  time ;  and  it  was  this 

"  No  doubt,  sir,"  said  Canning,  interrupting  me  again — "no 
doubt,  sir,  Mr.  Bagot  answered  you  like  a  man  of  good  breed 
ing  and  good  humor." 

"  He  came,"  said  I,  "  and  remarked  that  he  had  heard  the 
Ontario  sloop-of-war  had  been  dispatched  to  take  possession  of 
the  mouth  of  Columbia  River,  and  expressed  some  surprise 
that  notice  had  not  been  given  of  it  to  him.  I  told  him  it  had 
happened  accidentally,  just  before  I  came  into  the  office,  and 
during  the  absence  of  the  President.  It  was  merely  to  resume 
possession  of  a  place  which  had  been  held  by  American  citi 
zens  before  the  war,  and  which  had  been  taken  during  the  war- 
It  was  simply  to  take  again  our  own  property.  Mr.  Bagot  then 
asked  whether  we  did  not  consider  Great  Britain  as  having  a 
claim  there.  I  answered,  '  No ;  what  claim  could  she  have  ?' 
He  replied,  '  Don't  you  think  we  derive  some  claim  from  Sir 
Francis  Drake?'  '  Methinks,'  said  I,  'you  may  as  well  claim 
the  whole  eastern  shore  of  this  continent  by  title  from  Sebas 
tian  Cabot.'  'No,'  said  Mr.  Bagot;  '  that  question  is  settled' 
And  here  the  conversation  ended.  I  never  heard  a  word  more 
from  Mr.  Bagot  on  the  subject,  and  very  soon  afterwards  Cap 
tain  Hickey,  of  the  Blossom,  by  express  orders  from  the  British 
Government,  went  purposely  to  the  Columbia  River,  and  there 
solemnly  delivered  possession  to  Mr.  Prevost,  the  Agent  of  the 
American  Government,  of  the  place,  in  faithful  execution  of  the 
stipulation  in  the  Treaty  of  Ghent.  By  the  article  afterwards 
in  the  Convention  of  2Oth  October,  1818,  we  had  agreed  that 
all  the  ports  and  places  west  of  the  Stony  Mountains  should 
be  open  for  ten  years  to  both  parties — an  engagement  which 
on  our  side  will  be  scrupulously  fulfilled;  but  of  any  claim  of 
Great  Britain,  supported  by  a  shadow  of  evidence  at  the  nego 
tiation  of  the  Convention,  I  never  heard." 

Mr.  Canning,  while  I  was  speaking,  had  now  grown  cooler, 
and  seemed  to  be  surprised  that  there  had  been  no  discussion 
of  claims  to  territory  on  the  South  Sea  at  the  negotiation  of 
the  Convention  of  October,  1818.  He  said  he  had  understood 
that  the  British  Government  considered  the  taking  of  the  settle- 


248  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

ment  on  Columbia  River,  during  the  war,  as  merely  a  transac 
tion  between  private  individuals,  and  that  the  restoration  of  it 
by  Captain  Hickey  was  only  to  place  things  in  the  same  state  in 
which  they  had  been  before  the  war;  but  that  Mr.  Bagot  had 
been  ordered  verbally  to  require  an  explanation  of  the  pro 
ceeding  of  the  American  Government  in  sending  the  Ontario 
without  notice  to  him,  and  had  been  referred  to  a  previous 
correspondence  on  the  subject  between  Mr.  Monroe  and  Mr. 
Baker. 

I  said  that  Mr.  Bagot  had  not,  to  my  recollection,  spoken  to 
me  of  this  affair  more  than  once;  but  that  he  certainly  had  never 
required  any  explanation  from  me,  after  hearing  from  his  Gov 
ernment,  concerning  the  expedition  of  the  Ontario.  It  was, 
therefore,  with  extreme  surprise  that  I  found  him  (Canning) 
starting  a  question  of  our  right  to  Columbia  River ;  and  the 
manner  of  his  address  had  been  equally  unexpected. 

Mr.  Canning  then  again,  with  much  warmth,  asserted  his 
right  to  be  the  only  judge  of  the  manner  of  his  proceedings. 

I  said  that  on  former  occasions,  from  the  great  respect  which 
he  had  avowed  for  this  Government,  and  the  conciliatory  dis 
position  which  he  had  manifested,  I  had  perhaps  thrown  off  in 
conversation  with  him  some  of  that  cautious  reserve  which  in 
our  respective  stations  might  have  been  strictly  regular;  but 
that  he  was  not  to  infer  from  that  a  right  to  question  me  in  a 
manner  to  which  I  would  not  submit  from  any  other  foreign 
Minister.  So  long  as  his  professions  had  been  supported  by 
his  conduct  .... 

Here  Mr.  Canning  again  stopped  me,  by  repeating,  with  great 
vehemence,  "  My  conduct !  I  am  responsible  for  my  conduct 
only  to  my  own  Government." 

I  replied  that  we  understood  fully  the  rights  and  privileges 
of  a  foreign  Minister,  and  meant  that  he  should  enjoy  them. 
But  we  knew  also  the  right  of  every  Government  receiving 
a  foreign  Minister  to  judge  of  the  propriety  of  his  conduct 
towards  them,  and  should  not  relinquish  it.  But  it  was  quite 
unnecessary,  and  would  be  worse  than  useless,  to  pursue  this 
discussion  as  a  question  of  personal  conduct  between  him  and 
me.  It  would  be  best  to  confine  ourselves  in  future  to  the 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE. 


249 


subject  which  concerned  the  two  Governments;  and  my  own 
opinion  was  that  the  best  mode  of  treating  it  would  be  in 
writing. 

He  said  that  for  his  part  he  was  perfectly  willing  to  forget  all 
that  had  now  passed. 

I  tolcl  him  that  I  neither  asked  nor  promised  him  to  forget. 
I  could  not  forbear  entertaining  my  opinions;  nor  did  I  wish 
him  to  forbear  entertaining  his. 

He  asked  again  if  he  was  to  understand  me  as  refusing  to 
confer  with  him  further  on  this  subject.  I  said,  No. 

Would  I  appoint  a  time  for  that  purpose? 

I  said,  Now,  if  he  pleased.  I  was  ready  to  hear  anything  that 
he  had  to  say  to  me  concerning  it.  But,  as  he  appeared  to  be 
under  some  excitement,  perhaps  he  might  prefer  some  other 
time,  in  which  case  I  would  readily  receive  him  to-morrow  at 
one  o'clock  ;  upon  which  he  rose  and  took  leave,  saying  he 
would  come  at  that  time. 

Immediately  after  this  conversation  I  went  over  to  the  Presi 
dent's,  and  reported  the  substance  of  it  to  him.  He  said  he 
thought  it  impossible  that  the  policy  of  the  British  Govern 
ment  should  at  this  time  be  to  seek  causes  of  dispute  with  us. 
He  supposed  that  Mr.  Canning  wished  to  make  a  merit  with 
his  Government  of  his  zeal,  but  he  thought  he  would  be  cooler 
to-morrow,  after  sleeping  upon  it.  He  must  see  that  he  was 
wrong  in  questioning  the  Executive  upon  what  was  said  or 
published  by  members  of  Congress,  and  it  was  hardly  to  be 
expected  that  his  Government  would  countenance  him  in  it. 
The  President  also  desired  me  in  the  conference  to-morrow 
to  be  perfectly  explicit  as  to  our  claim  of  right,  and  equally 
so  in  denying  the  right  of  Great  Britain  to  contest  it. 

27th.  The  messenger  of  the  Department  announced  Mr.  Can 
ning.  I  told  the  messenger  to  say  to  Mr.  Canning  that  I  would 
receive  him  in  a  few  minutes.  Mr.  Eddy  remained  with  me 
not  more  than  five  minutes  longer ;  and  Mr.  Canning  when  he 
came  in,  as  he  sat  down,  took  out  his  watch,  and  observed  that 
it  was  forty  minutes  faster  than  the  clock  here.  While  he  was 
speaking,  the  clock  in  the  office  struck  one.  I  made  no  answer 
to  his  remark,  which  might  be  considered  either  as  a  complaint 


250  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QU1NCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

that  he  had  been  made  to  wait,  or  as  an  apology  for  having 
come  before  the  time  appointed.  He  proceeded  to  say  that, 
conformably  to  the  desire  expressed  by  me  yesterday,  he  had 
now  come  to  have  some  further  conversation  upon  the  subject 
of  our  interview  then. 

There  was  in  his  manner  an  apparent  effort  of  coolness,  but 
no  appearance  of  cheerfulness  or  good  humor.  I  saw  there 
was  no  relaxation  from  the  tone  he  had  yesterday  assumed, 
and  felt  that  none  would  on  my  part  be  suitable.  I  said 
he  would  recollect  that  our  conference  of  this  day  was  not  at 
my  desire.  I  had  yesterday  repeatedly  expressed  to  him  the 
opinion  that  if  this  discussion  was  to  be  further  pursued  it 
should  be  in  writing.  He  had  with  some  earnestness  urged 
another  conference,  and  when  he  requested  me  to  fix  the  time 
I  had  told  him  that  I  was  ready  and  willing  to  hear  then  any 
thing  that  he  had  to  say  on  the  subject ;  that  perhaps,  under 
the  excitement  which  he  was  then  manifesting,  he  might  himself 
prefer  to  resume  the  conversation  some  other  day,  and,  if  so,  I 
would  see  him  whenever  it  should  be  most  agreeable  to  him 
self;  he  had  then  asked  me  to  name  a  time,  and  I  appointed 
this  day  at  one  o'clock. 

He  said,  "  Well,  then,  be  it  so."  He  then  took  from  his 
pocket  the  National  Intelligencer  of  yesterday,  folded  down  to 
the  column  in  which  the  proceedings  of  the  House  of  Repre 
sentatives  were  reported,  and,  referring  to  the  statement  that 
Mr.  Floyd  had  reported  a  bill  for  the  occupation  of  the  Co 
lumbia  River,  said  that  was  an  indication  of  intentions  in  this 
Government  which  he  presumed  would  leave  no  question  of 
the  propriety  of  his  application  to  me. 

I  told  him  it  was  precisely  that  in  which  its  greatest  impro 
priety  consisted.  But  I  could  only  repeat  what  I  had  said  to 
him  yesterday,  that  I  saw  no  use  in  continuing  a  discussion 
upon  the  propriety  of  his  conduct  or  of  mine. 

He  said  he  would  most  cheerfully  consent  to  be.  the  sacrifice, 
if  that  only  was  necessary  to  the  harmony  of  the  two  countries  ; 
but  that  nothing  could  exceed  his  astonishment  at  the  manner 
in  which  I  had  received  his  application  of  yesterday.  He  could 
assure  me  with  the  utmost  sincerity  that  since  the  existence  of 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  2^\ 

this  country  as  a  nation  there  never  had  been  a  time  when  the 
British  Government  had  been  so  anxiously  desirous  of  pre 
serving  and  cherishing  the  most  perfect  good  understanding 
and  harmony  with  this;  but  that  at  the  same  time  they  would 
not,  on  that  account,  yield  one  particle  of  their  rights. 

I  told  him  I  had  no  doubt  of  the  correctness  of  his  statement 
in  both  its  parts,  and  I  was  happy  to  give  him  the  same  assu 
rance  on  the  part  of  this  Government.  It  was  the  earnest  wish  of 
the  President  to  preserve  the  most  friendly  relations  with  Great 
Britain ;  but  he  would  maintain  all  the  rights  of  the  United  States. 
And  I  would  add,  as  my  individual  opinion,  that  any  chicaning 
of  our  right  to  the  mouth  of  Columbia  River  would  assuredly 
not  tend  to  promote  that  harmony  between  the  two  countries. 

Mr.  Canning  again  repeated  his  surprise  at  the  tone  and 
temper  with  which  his  application  yesterday  had  been  received. 
He  said  he  had  examined  and  re-examined  himself,  and  had  in 
vain  enquired  what  could  have  been  the  cause  of  the  asperity 
with  which  he  had  been  treated  by  me. 

"  Sir,"  said  I,  "  suppose  Mr.  Rush  should  be  present  at  a 
debate  in  the  House  of  Commons,  and  should  hear  a  member 
in  the  course  of  a  speech  say  something  about  the  expediency 
of  sending  a  regiment  of  troops  to  the  Shetland  Islands,  or  a 
new  colony  to  New  South  Wales;  suppose  another  member 
of  Parliament  should  publish  in  a  newspaper  a  letter  recom 
mending  the  same  project;  and  suppose  Mr.  Rush  should  then 
go  to  Lord  Castlereagh  and  formally  allege  those  two  facts  as 
his  motives  for  demanding  whether  the  British  Government 
had  any  such  intentions ;  and,  if  answered  that  very  probably 
they  might,  he  should  assume  an  imperious  and  tragical  tone 
of  surprise  and  talk  about  a  violation  of  treaties :  how  do  you 
think  it  would  be  received  ?" 

He  said  that  now  he  fully  understood  me,  and  could  account 
for  what  had  passed;  this  answer  was  perfectly  explicit.  But 
did  I  consider  the  cases  as  parallel  ? 

"  So  far  as  any  question  of  right  is  concerned,"  said  I,  "per 
fectly  parallel." 

"  Have  you,"  said  Mr.  Canning,  "  any  claim  to  the  Shetland 
Islands  or  New  South  Wales  ?" 


2^2  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

"  Have  you  any  claim"  said  I,  "  to  the  mouth  of  Columbia 
River?" 

"  Why,  do  you  not  knoiv"  replied  he,  "  that  we  have  a 
claim  ?" 

"  I  do  not  know''  said  I,  "  what  you  claim  nor  what  you  do 
not  claim.  You  claim  India  ;  you  claim  Africa  ;  you  claim " 

"  Perhaps,"  said  he,  "a  piece  of  the  moon." 

"  No,"  said  I ;  "  I  have  not  heard  that  you  claim  exclusively 
any  part  of  the  moon ;  but  there  is  not  a  spot  on  this  habitable 
globe  that  I  could  affirm  you  do  not  claim  ;  and  there  is  none 
which  you  may  not  claim  with  as  much  color  of  right  as  you 
can  have  to  Columbia  River  or  its  mouth." 

"And  how  far  would  you  consider,"  said  he,  "this  exclusion 
of  right  to  extend  ?" 

"  To  all  the  shores  of  the  South  Sea,"  said  I.  "  We  know  of 
no  right  that  you  have  there." 

"  Suppose,"  said  he,  "Great  Britain  should  undertake  to  make 
a  settlement  there,  would  you  object  to  it?" 

"  I  have  no  doubt  we  should,"  said  I. 

"  But,  surely,"  said  Mr.  Canning,  "  proof  was  made  at  the 
negotiation  of  the  Convention  of  October,  1818,  of  the  claims 
of  Great  Britain,  and  their  existence  is  recognized  in  it." 

"  There  was  no  proof,"  I  said,  "  made  of  any  claim,  nor,  to 
my  knowledge,  any  discussion  of  claim.  The  boundary  to  the 
Stony  Mountains  was  defined  ;  westward  of  them  Great  Britain 
had  no  settlement  whatever.  We  had  one  at  the  mouth  of  the 
Columbia,  which,  having  been  broken  up  during  the  war,  was 
solemnly  restored  to  us  by  the  British  Government,  in  fulfil 
ment  of  a  stipulation  in  the  treaty  of  peace.  We  stipulated  in 
the  Convention  that  the  ports  and  places  on  the  Pacific  Ocean 
should  be  open  to  both  parties  for  ten  years,  and,  taking  all 
these  transactions  together,  we  certainly  did  suppose  that  the 
British  Government  had  come  to  the  conclusion  that  there 
would  be  neither  policy  nor  profit  in  cavilling  with  us  about 
territory  on  this  North  American  continent." 

"And  in  this,"  said  he,  "you  include  our  northern  provinces 
on  this  continent?" 

"  No,"  said  I ;  "  there  the  boundary  is  marked,  and  we  have 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  353 

no  disposition  to  encroach  upon  it.  Keep  what  is  yours,  but 
leave  the  rest  of  this  continent  to  us." 

"  But,"  said  he,  "  this  affects  the  rights  of  Russia  and  of 
Spain." 

"  Russia  and  Spain,"  I  replied,  "  are  the  guardians  of  their 
own  rights.  Have  you,  Mr.  Canning,  any  right  to  speak  in 
their  name  ?" 

"  Why,  sir,"  said  he,  "  I  can  assure  you  that  Great  Britain  is 
in  very  close  alliance  with  them." 

"  Yes,  sir,  Great  Britain  has  strong  allies  ;  we  know  that 
very  well,"  said  I  ;  "  but  they  have  not  authorized  you  to  speak 
for  them." 

"  And  do  you  wish  me,"  said  he,  in  a  tone  highly  incensed, 
"to  report  to  my  Government  what  you  have  now  said  to  me  ?" 

"Sir,"  said  I,  "you  may  report  to  your  Government  just 
what  you  please.  Report  to  them,  if  you  think  proper,  every 
word  that  I  have  said  to  you,  not  only  now,  but  at  any  time,  or 
that  I  ever  shall  say,  provided  you  report  nothing  but  the  truth, 
as  I  have  no  doubt  you  will." 

He  said  he  thanked  me  for  the  addition  of  that  opinion. 

I  said  that  I  had  no  doubt  he  would  report  nothing  but  the 
truth,  and  should  not,  by  anticipation,  admit  any  suspicion  to 
the  contrary.  "  But,"  added  I,  "  if  you  do  report  our  conver 
sation  to  your  Government,  I  request  you  to  state  explicitly 
that  I  took  strong  exception  both  to  the  form  and  to  the  sub 
stance  of  your  application  to  me  on  this  occasion.  To  the  form, 
because  you  came  to  put  questions  to  me  of  an  irritating  nature 
upon  the  foundation  of  the  speeches  and  reports  of  individual 
members  of  Congress  ;  and  to  the  substance,  because  the  ques 
tions  were  of  a  nature  which  we  do  not  admit  your  right  to 
ask.  I  did,  in  the  first  instance,  answer  an  improper  question  ; 
not  in  the  name  of  the  Government,  but  merely  by  giving  you 
an  opinion  of  my  own.  Upon  which  the  tone  and  manner 
assumed  by  you  in  reply  convinced  me  that  nothing  useful  to 
either  party  could  result  from  any  further  verbal  conference  be 
tween  us.  If  you  meant  to  make  a  Falkland  Island  or  Nootka 
Sound  affair  of  it,  I  thought  it  best  the  discussion  should  be  in 
writing,  which  would  not  be  liable  to  misapprehension." 


254  ME  AW  IKS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

"  I  don't  know  that,"  said  Mr.  Canning,  interrupting  me. 

"At  least,"  I  resumed,  "such  misapprehensions  would  be 
more  easily  rectified,  and  would  have  over  them  a  guard  of 
public  opinion.  The  objection  to  the  form  of  your  address 
was  the  more  serious,  because  you  were  the  representative  of 
a  nation  having  itself  a  legislature,  consisting  of  deliberative 
assemblies,  tenacious  of  the  perfect  freedom  of  speech  of  their 
members,  and  the  Government  of  which  would  certainly  per 
mit  no  foreign  Minister  to  interrogate  them  upon  the  mere 
foundation  of  speeches  made  by  members  of  Parliament  in 
their  places,  or  of  publications  made  by  them  through  the 
press." 

Mr.  Canning  then  again  denied  that  he  had  made  the  appli 
cation  upon  the  sole  ground  of  Mr.  Nelson's  speech,  and  re 
minded  me  that  he  had  expressly  told  me  that  he  should  not 
have  noticed  it  had  it  stood  as  a  solitary  fact. 

I  replied  that  he  had  no  right  to  mention  it  to  me  at  all  as 
the  foundation  of  debatable  questions,  but  that  my  objection 
had  reference  not  alone  to  his  notice  of  Mr.  Nelson's  speech. 
It  was  equally  applicable  to  his  mention  of  the  publication  of 
Mr.  Eaton,  and  to  his  production  this  morning  of  a  newspaper 
to  point  at  a  report  of  a  committee  of  the  House  of  Repre 
sentatives  to  that  body.  He  had  alleged  no  ground  to  me  for 
his  application  on  this  subject  other  than  acts  of  individual 
members  of  Congress  on  measures  pending  in  the  legislature. 
What  would  be  thought  of  an  American  Minister  in  England 
who  should  presume  to  call  upon  the  Secretary  of  State  for 
Foreign  Affairs  to  account  for  speeches  or  writings  of  members 
and  committees  of  Parliament? 

.  He  said  he  was  much  mistaken  if,  in  the  lately  published 
correspondence  respecting  the  slave-trade,  there  had  not  been 
references  by  Mr.  Rush  to  speeches  and  proceedings  in  Parlia 
ment. 

"  Undoubtedly,"  said  I,  "  in  Mr.  Rush's  dispatches  to  his  own 
Government;  and  we  make  no  question  of  your  right  to  report 
to  your  Government  anything  said  or  done  in  Congress  by  any 
of  its  members." 

He  said  he  believed,  but  would  not  positively  assert,  that 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  255 

there  had  been  in  the  conferences  or  correspondence  between 
Lord  Castlereagh  and  Mr.  Rush  some  reference  to  speeches  in 
Parliament. 

I  said,  "  Certainly  none  having  the  slightest  analogy  to  that 
which  I  considered  as  exceptionable.  Mr.  Rush  may  have 
alluded  to  something  said  in  Parliament  by  Lord  Castlereagh 
himself — but  not  directly,  nor  to  question  him  concerning  it. 
With  regard  to  the  substance  of  your  application,  I  have  seen 
the  President  since  our  yesterday's  interview,  and  now  say  that, 
not  admitting  your  right  to  enquire  into  the  intentions  of  this 
Government  with  regard  to  an  increase  of  our  settlement  at 
the  mouth  of  Columbia  River,  I  shall  decline  giving  any  answer 
to  the  enquiry;  to  which  I  add  the  renewed  request  that  if  you 
propose  to  pursue  the  discussion  you  would  for  the  future  ad 
dress  me  concerning  it  in  writing." 

Mr.  Canning  then  said  he  thought  it  hard  to  be  denied  an 
answer,  and  hoped,  if  this  was  the  determination  of  the  Amer 
ican  Government,  instructions  would  be  sent  to  Mr.  Rush  to 
give  explanations  on  the  subject  to  Lord  Castlereagh. 

This  intimation  appeared  to  me  to  be  improper  ;  but,  unwilling 
to  multiply  points  of  contention  and  to  prolong  an  irksome 
conversation,  I  made  no  reply  to  it. 

He  then  pressed,  indirectly,  questions  as  to  the  extent  of  our 
claims  on  the  shores  of  the  South  Sea,  till  I  said  to  him,  "  Mr. 
Canning,  I  have  said  and  repeated  to  you  more  than  once  that 
I  am  not  authorized  to  answer  the  enquiries  which  you  thought 
proper  to  make  yesterday,  and  I  have  given  you  the  reasons 
why  these  answers  were  declined.  After  this,  I  do  not  expect 
to  be  plied  with  captious  questions  to  obtain  indirectly  that 
which  has  been  directly  denied." 

Mr.  Canning,  at  these  words,  again  became  exceedingly  irri 
tated,  complaining  with  great  warmth  of  the  term  "  captious" 
as  applied  to  his  questions.  He  said  that  whatever  answer  I 
might  think  proper  to  give  to  his  questions,  he  thought  I  had 
no  right  to  qualify  them  with  epithets  of  censure. 

I  recurred  to  expressions  of  his  own,  used  in  the  course  of 
these  conversations;  and  particularly  yesterday.  He  said  he 
had  used  them  defensively ;  to  which  I  replied  that  the  only 


MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

cause  I  was  conscious  of  having  given  him  for  the  excitement 
which  he  had  manifested  had  been  the  request  that  he  would 
address  me  on  the  subject  in  writing;  my  motive  for  which 
had  been,  that  all  further  conversation  between  us  concerning 
it  must  tend  to  mutual  irritation,  and  could  not  lead  to  a  satis 
factory  settlement. 

He  said  it  was  not  so  much  the  matter  as  the  manner  in 
which  I  had  spoken,  which  had  hurt  him. 

I  said  that  he  must  consider  both  the  matter  and  the  manner 
as  defensive  on  my  part ;  and  then  again  reminded  him  of  the 
exceptionable  character  which,  in  my  situation,  must  attach 
to  any  questioning  by  a  foreign  Minister  founded  upon  the 
speeches  of  members  of  Congress  in  their  places,  or  upon 
proceedings  pending  in  that  body ;  and  of  my  duty  to  repel 
at  the  first  instant,  and  in  the  most  decisive  manner,  any  such 
enquiry.  I  had,  therefore,  not  only  thought  proper  to  demand 
written  communications  on  this  subject,  but  to  show  by  the 
manner  of  the  demand  that  I  had  not  been  pleased  by  his  refer 
ence  to  any  words  spoken,  or  measures  under  discussion,  in 
Congress.  My  opinions  and  feelings  on  this  incident  remained 
unaltered  ;  but  I  had  no  wish  to  extend  the  asperity  of  this 
difference  beyond  its  immediate  occasion.  He  had  until  now 
had  the  freest  access  to  me  at  all  times.  I  had  always  been 
ready  either  to  converse  with  him  in  the  unrestrained  freedom 
of  private  life,  or  to  confer  with  him  as  a  public  Minister,  or  to 
receive  from  him  any  written  communication  that  he  might 
have  occasion  to  address  to  me.  I  wished,  notwithstanding 
what  had  now  happened,  to  continue  with  him  in  other  re 
spects  on  the  same  terms ;  and  that  on  all  other  subjects  he 
would  consider  himself  on  the  same  footing  with  me  as  if  this 
had  never  occurred. 

He  asked,  with  a  warmth  which  surprised  me,  how  it  was 
possible  that  he  should  feel  himself  on  the  same  terms  with 
me  as  heretofore?  He  had  immediately  after  his  arrival  here 
assured  me  that  his  own  inclinations,  concurring  with  his 
instructions  from  his  Government,  were  to  cultivate  the  most 
cordial  harmony  between  our  respective  nations.  He  had  told 
me  that,  on  all  occasions  not  involving  the  rights  of  his  country 


1 82 1.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

and  the  public  duties  of  his  station,  he  should  ever  wish  to  show 
me  the  deference  due  to  more  advanced  years ;  that  a  few  days 
since  he  had  called  at  the  Department,  and  had  said  that  he 
came  to  have,  in  familiar  language,  a  gossiping  conversation 
with  me ;  that  when  he  called  yesterday,  he  had  said,  with 
allusion  to  that  former  conversation,  that  he  came  as  the  British 
Minister,  and  it  was  with  the  intention  of  giving  me  notice  that 
his  call  then  was  upon  business  ;  nothing  could  exceed  his 
astonishment  at  the  manner  in  which  his  application  had  been 
received  yesterday.  And  how  was  it  possible,  he  repeated,  that 
he  should  consider  himself  on  the  same  terms  with  me  as  here 
tofore  ? 

I  here  interrupted  him,  and  said,  "  Mr.  Canning,  I  was  ob 
serving  that  I  wished  you,  on  all  other  subjects  than  this,  to 
consider  yourself  upon  the  same  terms  with  me  as  heretofore ; 
and  I  now  repeat  to  you  the  same  overture,  which  was  made 
by  me  in  the  spirit  of  conciliation.  If  you  think  it  impos 
sible—  He  again  stopped  me,  and  said  that  he  would 
accept  the  proposal ;  upon  which  I  told  him  I  was  well  pleased 
that  he  should,  as  it  relieved  me  from  the  necessity  of  replying 
to  his  remarks  on  my  first  making  the  proposal.  They  had 
been  of  a  nature  which  I  could  not  otherwise  have  forborne  to 
notice. 

Mr.  Canning  seemed  apprehensive  that  I  was  about,  never 
theless,  to  tell  him  what  my  reply  would  have  been,  and  entreated 
me  to  withhold  it,  which  I  accordingly  did.  I  then  repeated 
that,  after  what  had  passed  between  us,  I  was  confirmed  in  the 
opinion  that  it  would  be  best  to  discuss  hereafter  this  subject, 
if  it  was  to  be  discussed  at  all,  in  writing. 

He  said,  hesitatingly,  that  he  did  not  know  that  he  should 
have  any  objection  to  write  me  a  note  on  the  subject. 

I  replied  that  I  had  yesterday  felt  myself  the  more  called 
upon  to  insist  on  this,  because  he  had  advanced  a  pretension  in 
which  we  never  could  acquiesce,  and  because  it  was  not  the  first 
time  it  had  been  raised  by  a  British  Minister  here. 

He  asked,  with  great  apparent  emotion,  who  that  Minister 
was.     I  answered,  "  Mr.  Jackson."     "  And  you  got  rid  of  him  !" 
said  Mr.  Canning,  in  a  tone  of  violent  passion — "and  you  got 
VOL.  v. — 17 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

rid  of  him  ! — and  you  got  rid  of  him  !"  This  repetition  of  the 
same  words,  always  in  the  same  tone,  was  with  pauses  of  a  few 
seconds  between  each  of  them,  as  if  for  a  reply. 

I  said,  "  Sir,  my  reference  to  the  pretension  of  Mr.  Jackson 

was  not "     Here  Mr.  Canning  interrupted  me,  by  saying, 

"  If  you  think  that  by  reference  to  Mr.  Jackson  I  am  to  be 
intimidated  from  the  performance  of  my  duty,  you  will  find 
yourself  greatly  mistaken." 

"  I  had  not,  sir,"  said  I,  "  the  most  distant  intention  of  in 
timidating  you  from  the  performance  of  your  duty;  nor  was  it 
with  the  intention  of  alluding  to  any  subsequent  occurrences 

of  his  mission  ;  but "     Mr.  Canning  interrupted  me  again, 

by  saying,  still  in  the  tone  of  high  exasperation— 

"  Let  me  tell  you,  sir,  that  your  reference  to  the  case  of  Mr. 
Jackson  is  exceedingly  offensive'' 

"  I  do  not  know,"  said  I,  "  whether  I  shall  be  able  to  finish 
what  I  intended  to  say,  under  such  continual  interruptions." 

He  intimated  by  a  bow  that  he  would  hear  me. 

"  I  was  observing,"  said  I,  "  that  in  referring  to  the  preten 
sion  of  Mr.  Jackson  to  take  offence  at  a  proposal  to  continue 
in  writing  a  discussion  commenced  by  oral  conference,  I  had 
no  intention  of  alluding  to  any  subsequent  transactions  of  Mr. 
Jackson  or  to  their  consequences.  My  allusion  to  it  was  solely 
because  it  was  identically  the  same  pretension  advanced  yes 
terday  by  you  ;  and  I  now  assigned  it  as  the  reason  which 
had  made  it  necessary  for  me  to  repel  the  demand  in  a  manner 
more  than  usually  pointed.  Of  the  right  of  every  Government 
to  require  from  foreign  Ministers  communications  in  writing 
upon  any  subject  of  discussion  with  them  we  cannot  entertain 
a  moment's  doubt,  and  it  was  but  a  few  days  since  that,  after 
a  verbal  conference  between  us  on  another  subject,  I  had 
requested  you  to  write  me  a  note  concerning  it,  which  you 
did.  In  this  case,  the  very  grounds  upon  which  you  avowed 
that  you  came  to  interrogate  me  concerning  the  intentions  of 
this  Government — speeches  and  newspaper  publications  of  in 
dividual  members  of  Congress — the  subject  itself,  upon  which 
I  could  not  admit  your  right  to  interrogate  me  at  all — and  the 
tragical  tone  with  which  you  charged  us  with  intending  a  vio- 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  2$a 

latfon  of  a  treaty,  convinced  me  that  the  tendency  of  further 
conversation  between  us  on  this  topic  would  only  be  to  high 
irritation,  and  not  to  harmonious  adjustment.  I  am  still  of 
the  same  opinion." 

Mr.  Canning  then  recapitulated  the  assurances  which  he  had 
on  his  first  arrival  here  given  me,  and  which  he  had  since  then 
more  than  once  reiterated,  of  the  friendly  dispositions  of  his 
Government  towards  that  of  the  United  States ;  of  his  own 
earnest  desire  to  cultivate  the  harmony,  and  to  smooth  down 
all  remnants  of  asperity,  between  the  two  countries ;  of  the 
respect  which  on  all  occasions,  not  involving  a  dereliction  of 
his  official  duties,  he  should  always  wish  to  show  personally  to 
me;  and  of  the  deference  which  he  should  at  all  times  pay  to 
my  age.  He  concluded  by  adding — 

"  But  I  now  only  have  to  say  to  you,  sir,  that  henceforth, 
whatever  may  happen,  I  shall  never  forget  the  respect  due 
from  me  to  the  American  Government." 

I  made  no  reply,  but  bowed,  to  signify  that  I  considered  the 
conversation  as  closed,  and  he  withdrew. 

N.B.  April  5. — This  narrative  of  two  successive  conversa 
tions  with  Mr.  Canning  is  copied  from  a  report  of  them  which 
I  committed  to  writing  immediately  after  they  occurred,  my 
diary  being  then  nearly  three  months  in  arrear.  On  recurring 
to  my  diary  of  24th,  25th,  and  26th  November,  1817,  I  find 
that  Mr.  Bagot  spoke  to  me  twice  of  the  dispatching  of  the 
Ontario,  and  even  on  the  last  of  those  days  wrote  me  a  note 
concerning  it,  in  which  he  not  only  asserted  a  cl£im  on  the 
part  of  Great  Britain  to  the  post  at  the  mouth  of  the  Columbia 
River,  but  explicitly  denied  the  obligation  of  Great  Britain  by 
the  Treaty  of  Ghent  to  restore  that  post.  This  note  was  never 
answered,  for  very  soon  afterwards  the  British  Government 
gave  orders  for  the  formal  restoration  of  the  post,  and  it  was 
restored  with  solemnity  by  Captain  Hickey  to  Mr.  Prevost. 
At  the  negotiation  of  the  Convention  of  October,  1818,  there 
was  no  discussion  of  British  claim,  but  they  asserted  it  as  de 
rived  from  the  discoveries  of  Captain  Cook.  By  the  report  of 
that  negotiation  from  Gallatin  and  Rush,  it  appears  also  that 
they  supposed  the  British  Government  intended  to  bring  up 


26o  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

the  discussion  of  the  claim  at  a  future  period.  The  article  of 
the  Convention  is  obviously  a  waiver  of  the  discussion  of  the 
claim  for  that  time.  But  it  will  certainly  come  upon  us  again, 
for  which  I  ought  to  be  prepared.  Let  me  remember  it. 

29th.  I  was  at  the  President's,  and  made  to  him  a  full  verbal 
report  of  my  conference  with  Mr.  Canning  on  Saturday.  He 
said  he  did  not  think  it  probable  that  Canning  would  be  coun 
tenanced  by  his  Government;  but  he  might  perhaps  make  a 
report  to  them  of  our  conferences,  tinctured  with  the  temper 
which  he  had  shown  in  them.  It  would  therefore  be  advisable 
that  I  should  make  a  written  minute  of  what  passed  between 
us,  and  keep  it  for  future  occasion. 

At  Mr.  Brown's  I  heard  of  a  very  ardent  debate  in  the 
House  of  Representatives  upon  the  Missouri  question  this 
day;  I  also  met  there  Mr.  Canning,  who  retained  so  much  of 
the  resentment  with  which  he  parted  from  me  on  Saturday, 
that  there  passed  between  us  a  bare  salutation.  The  Columbia 
River  project  is  so  much  the  subject  of  conversation  at  this 
time  that  it  was  touched  upon  this  evening  by  Gales,  one  of 
the  editors  of  the  National  Intelligencer,  in  Canning's  hearing, 
Gales  knowing  nothing  of  what  had  passed  between  Mr.  Can 
ning  and  me.  The  publication  on  the  26th,  by  Mr.  Eaton,  the 
Senator  from  Tennessee,  was  of  a  letter  from  W.  D.  Robinson 
to  him ;  but  Commodore  Porter  claims  it  as  a  project  first  sug 
gested  by  him,  and  in  the  National  Intelligencer  of  this  day 
has  published  a  letter  from  him  to  President  Madison,  written 
in  1815,  w^iich,  it  is  asserted,  had  been  seen  by  Mr.  Robinson 
before  he  wrote  his  memoir  addressed  to  Mr.  Eaton.  There  is 
an  editorial  remark  in  the  paper  of  this  day  that  some  citizens 
question  the  policy  of  disclosing  at  this  time  our  views  upon 
the  western  shores  of  this  continent.  Canning  will  probably 
suspect  that  this  remark  comes  from  an  official  source,  in  con 
sequence  of  his  interviews  with  me. 

3 1  st  Drafted  a  dispatch  to  R.  Rush,  enclosing  the  papers 
communicated  recently  to  Congress  relative  to  the  negotiation 
for  the  suppression  of  the  slave-trade,  with  some  remarks ;  but 
I  did  not  notice  the  two  interviews  in  which  the  Columbia 
River  settlement  formed  the  topic  of  discussion.  For  omitting 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  26l 

this,  I  had  two  reasons ;  one  proceeding  from  the  intimation 
by  Mr.  Canning  of  the  wish  that  Mr.  Rush  should  be  instructed 
to  give  explanations  to  Lord  Castlereagh  on  the  subject.  I 
thought  the  suggestion  from  Mr.  Canning  himself  unadvised; 
and  nothing  but  a  disposition  to  treat  him  with  all  possible 
moderation,  and  to  make  allowances  for  the  inflammation  of 
his  temper,  prevented  me  from  then  resenting  it.  I  did  not 
even  appear  to  notice  it.  But,  thinking  it  highly  probable  that 
in  his  report  to  his  Government  he  has  stated  that  he  did  ex 
press  this  wish,  I  am  willing  to  see  how  Lord  Castlereagh  will 
broach  the  subject  to  Mr.  Rush,  and  how  he  will  proceed  on 
discovering  that  Rush  has  no  information  of  what  has  passed 
between  Canning  and  me,  and  no  instruction  to  enable  him  to 
answer  any  question  concerning  our  intentions.  Rush's  caution 
will  prevent  him  from  saying  anything  which  he  will  not  be 
authorized  to  say,  but  his  candor  will  impel  him  immediately 
to  declare  that  the  subject  has  not  even  been  mentioned  in  any 
of  the  communications  of  his  Government  to  him.  The  ex 
treme  reluctance  of  Canning  to  any  written  discussion  of  the 
subject  is  one  of  the  many  symptoms  that  the  British  Govern 
ment  have  a  wavering,  unsteady  system  on  this  point.  They 
are  anxious  to  prevent  our  acquiring  a  firm  footing  on  the 
shores  of  the  South  Sea,  and  yet  they  dare  not  take  a  fixed, 
unequivocal  stand  against  it.  Baker's  letter  to  Mr.  Monroe, 
in  answer  to  the  first  claim  for  the  delivery  of  the  post,  con 
formably  to  the  Treaty  of  Ghent ;  Bagot's  letter  to  me  of  26th 
November,  1817;  the  subsequent  order  by  which  Hickey  made 
a  formal  delivery  of  the  post  to  Prevost ;  the  lagging  and 
struggling  reluctance  with  which  they  agreed  to  the  third 
article  of  the  Convention  of  October,  1818;  the  precipitation 
with  which  Canning  took  the  alarm  here  upon  Floyd's  report 
and  bill,  and  at  the  same  time  his  repugnance  to  discuss  the 
subject  in  writing,  all  disclose  a  policy  "  willing  to  wound,  and 
yet  afraid  to  strike." 

My  second  reason  for  omitting  to  instruct  Rush  upon  it  is, 
that  this  course  will  give  us  more  time.  Castlereagh  can  say 
nothing  about  it  with  a  retreat  in  reserve.  Canning's  zeal  and 
vehemence  have  indeed  brought  the  temporizing  system  of  his 


262  MEMOIRS   OF   JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.         [February, 

Government  to  an  awkward  stage.  If  they  support  him  in  the 
ground  he  has  taken,  upon  receiving  their  instructions  he  must 
write,  and,  by  founding  all  the  opposition  from  Great  Britain 
upon  proceedings  in  Congress,  must  take  a  bad  position  for 
the  support  of  his  cause. 

February  4th.  About  one  o'clock  this  morning  I  was  awak 
ened  by  a  noise  stirring  in  the  house,  and  the  light  in  the 
chamber  was  so  great  that  I  thought  it  was  daylight.  After  a 
few  minutes  my  son  John  opened  the  door,  and  said  there  was 
a  fire  in  the  neighborhood,  and  he  thought  it  was  the  War 
Office.  I  immediately  started  from  bed,  dressed  myself,  and 
went  out.  On  coming  to  the  first  cross-street  and  looking  in 
the  direction  of  the  fire,  it  appeared  to  me  decidedly  to  be  the 
building  of  the  Department  of  State  itself,  and  I  passed  two  or 
three  of  the  most  distressing  minutes  of  my  life.  When  I  got, 
however,  to  the  end  of  the  street,  I  found  the  building  of  the 
Department  unhurt.  The  fire  was  consuming  a  brick  house 
on  the  other  side  of  the  street,  and  immediately  opposite  the 
eastern  end  of  the  public  building.  There  was  nothing  but 
the  street  between  them,  and  there  might  still  be  danger  to  the 
office.  I  went  to  the  house  of  Mr.  R.  Forrest,  and  roused  him 
up,  to  be  at  hand  in  case  of  need.  I  then  went  to  the  building 
of  the  Department,  where  I  found  Boyd,  the  watchman.  I  went 
immediately  to  my  own  chamber,  which  is  at  the  southeast 
corner  of  the  building,  and  was  directly  opposite  to  the  fire, 
and  remained  there  till  the  roof  of  the  house  -on  fire  fell  in  and 
the  flames  became  so  confined  with  the  walls,  which  remained 
standing,  that  the  building  of  the  Department  was  entirely  free 
from  danger.  I  then  returned  home,  between  four  and  five  of 
the  morning,  and  retired  again  to  bed. 

5th.  I  received  dispatches  from  Mr.  Gallatin,  at  Paris,  from 
1 9th  September  to  25th  October,  relating  to  the  commercial 
negotiation  with  France,  to  the  Florida  Treaty,  and  to  weights 
and  measures.  The  French  Government  have  suspended  the 
commercial  negotiation  at  Paris,  on  the  plea  that  they  consider 
the  adjustment  of  an  absurd  claim  which  they  have  set  up 
under  the  eighth  article  of  the  Louisiana  cession  Treaty,  as 
indispensably  connected  with  it.  And  they  have  appointed 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  26$ 

Mr.  De  Neuville  as  Ambassador  to  Brazil ;  but  with  a  power 
first  to  come  here  and  conclude,  if  possible,  the  commercial 
negotiation  with  us.  He  left  Paris  to  embark  in  a  frigate  at 
Rochefort  the  first  week  in  November,  and,  as  three  months 
have  already  elapsed  since  that  time,  there  would,  at  any  other 
season  of  the  year,  be  cause  for  some  anxiety  for  his  safety. 
But  with  the  unusually  rigorous  winter  which  we  have  had 
here,  there  has  been  its  ordinary  correspondence  of  strong  and 
steady  westerly  winds  blowing  across  the  Atlantic  Ocean.  The 
same  delay  occurs  to  the  arrival  of  the  ratification  of  the  Florida 
Treaty.  The  fact  of  the  ratification  has  now  been  known  to  us 
nearly  two  months.  General  Vives  has  notice  that  the  mes 
senger  who  brings  it  left  Madrid  the  25th  of  October  to  em 
bark  at  Bordeaux,  also  the  first  week  in  November.  There  is 
great  impatience  in  the  public  here  for  its  arrival.  But  no 
vessels  from  Europe  have  lately  come  in  but  after  very  long 
passages  :  one  vessel  fifty  days  after  soundings  on  the  Grand 
Bank  of  Newfoundland ;  another,  thirty  days  after  having  been 
in  sight  of  the  Boston  light-house.  I  wait,  therefore,  with  com 
posure;  though  any  accident  which  should  prevent  the  arrival 
of  the  Florida  Treaty  during  the  present  session  of  Congress 
might  have  very  important  consequences. 

6th.  Mr.  John  Rhea,  of  Tennessee,  called  at  my  house  this 
morning,  and  spoke  of  a  nephew  of  his,  whom  he  supposed  to 
be  on  board  of  some  vessel  of  the  American  squadron  in  the 
Mediterranean.  While  he  was  here,  I  recollected  a  summons 
received  two  days  since  from  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury  to 
attend  a  meeting  of  the  Commissioners  of  the  Sinking  Fund  at 
the  committee-room  of  the  Senate  at  the  Capitol  this  morning 
at  eleven  o'clock.  It  was  then  past  eleven,  and  I  immediately 
ordered  my  carriage,  and  took  Mr.  Rhea  with  me  to  the  Capitol. 
It  was  noon  when  we  got  there,  and  Mr.  Crawford,  who  had 
been  some  time  waiting,  was  on  the  point  of  going  away  with 
out  having  the  meeting.  It  was  attended  only  by  him  and 
Mr.  Gaillard,  the  President  "  pro  tempore"  of  the  Senate.  The 
usual  yearly  statements  of  the  Board,  which  had  been  prepared 
by  the  Register  of  the  Treasury,  were  read,  and  the  report  of 
the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury  to  the  Board.  The  repayments  of 


264  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [February, 

public  debt  during  the  year  1820  have  been  about  half  a  million 
of  dollars  less  than  the  money  borrowed.  Two  copies  of  the 
Report  of  the  Commissioners,  one  for  each  House,  were  signed, 
and  the  meeting  was  over  in  half  an  hour. 

I  went  for  a  few  minutes  into  the  hall  of  the  Senate,  and,  find 
ing  them  occupied  upon  business  of  little  public  interest,  passed 
into  the  House  of  Representatives,  where  they  were  debating 
upon  the  General  Appropriation  bill,  and  particularly  upon  a 
motion  made  by  Mr.  Clay  for  an  appropriation  of  an  outfit  and 
salary  for  a  minister  to  any  independent  Government  of  South 
America.  This  has  been  Clay's  principal  instrument  of  oppo 
sition  to  Mr.  Monroe's  Administration  through  the  whole  of  his 
first  Presidential  term.  He  has  not  succeeded  in  any  part  of  it ; 
but,  as  there  has  always. been  a  portion  of  popular  sentiment  in 
favor  of  his  projects,  and  as  the  flouting  canvassers  in  the  House 
are  of  his  side,  he  has  kept  the  ball  up  at  every  one  of  the  four 
sessions.  Towards  the  close  of  the  last  session,  he  obtained  a 
vote,  by  a  majority  of  four  or  five,  that  such  an  appropriation 
ought  to  be  made.  He  now  moved  that  the  appropriation 
should  be  made,  as  an  amendment  to  the  general  bill.  It  was 
opposed  principally  by  Mr.  Lowndes.  I  heard  several  speeches 
on  the  question,  pro  and  con.,  but  the  question  was  not  taken. 

7th.  Albert  H.  Tracy  and  Nathaniel  Allen,  members  of  the 
House  of  Representatives  from  the  State  of  New  York,  called 
this  morning  at  the  office,  and  Mr.  Tracy  remarked  that  they 
had  already  come  there  six  times  before  without  being  able  to 
find  me.  They  came  for  two  purposes.  Mr.  Tracy  showed  me 
a  letter  from  John  C.  Spencer,  at  Albany,  stating  that  they  had 
applied  to  the  Marshals  of  the  two  districts  of  New  York  for 
copies  of  their  returns  of  the  census  not  yet  made  to  the  De 
partment  of  State ;  that  one  of  the  Marshals  had  objected  to 
giving  copies  unless  authorized  to  do  so  by  the  Secretary  of 
State ;  and  Spencer  requested  Tracy  to  call  upon  me  and  apply 
for  an  order  to  the  Marshals  to  give  the  copies.  I  told  Mr. 
Tracy  that  I  had  doubts  of  my  own  authority  to  order  the 
Marshals  to  give  copies  of  their  returns  to  any  one;  but  I 
would  look  into  the  Act  of  Congress  for  taking  the  census, 
and  send  him  a  written  answer. 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  26$ 

The  other  object  of  enquiry  to  those  gentlemen  was  the 
reason  of  the  change  of  one  of  the  newspapers  in  the  State 
of  New  York  in  which  the  laws  of  Congress  are  printed.  Mr. 
Tracy  said  he  had  a  letter  from  the  publisher  of  the  Ontario 
Messenger,  expressing  some  uneasiness,  rather  in  sorrow  than 
in  anger,  that  the  printing  of  the  laws  had  been  transferred 
from  his  paper  to  another,  he  having  been  appointed  seven 
or  eight  years  since,  and  having  been  ardent  and  zealous  in 
the  cause  of  the  country  during  the  war  with  England,  and 
not  being  conscious  of  having  given  any  cause  of  offence  to 
the  Government. 

I  told  Mr.  Tracy  that  the  cause  of  the  change  had  been  a 
memorial  which  I  received  last  summer,  signed  by  a  number 
of  the  inhabitants  of  the  western  part  of  New  York,  assigning 
several  reasons,  which  had  appeared  to  me  to  be  sufficient,  for 
making  the  change;  the  chief  of  which  was,  that  the  Batavia 
Times  was  a  paper  better  suited  by  its  location  for  the  con 
venience  of  that  part  of  the  State,  as  well  as  a  paper  of  better 
appearance  and  of  more  circulation,  than  the  Ontario  Messen 
ger.  I  showed  them  the  memorial.  Tracy  said  he  knew  all 
the  subscribers,  and  they  were  persons  of  very  respectable 
character.  But  he  and  Allen  had  some  conversation  between 
themselves  about  one  of  them  whom  they  supposed  to  have 
been  the  writer  of  the  memorial. 

I  then  observed  that  the  Governor  of  New  York,  in  his  ex 
planatory  message  to  the  Legislature  in  support  of  a  charge 
which  he  had  previously  made  against  the  officers  of  the  Gen 
eral  Government,  of  interfering  improperly  against  him  in  the 
State  elections,  had  thought  proper  to  mention  this  incident  of 
the  change  of  newspapers,  and  that  of  the  continuance  of  two 
others  hostile  to  him,  among  his  proofs.  The  fact  was,  that  the 
change  had  been  made  not  only  after  the  late  election  was  de 
cided,  but  after  Governor  Clinton  had  made  his  denunciation. 
The  fact  also  was,  that  I  had  always  continued  the  printers  of 
the  laws  as  I  found  they  had  been  before  I  came  into  the  De 
partment  of  State,  excepting  where  there  were  special  reasons 
for  a  change.  When  I  came  into  the  office,  I  found  two  of  the 
New  York  papers  which  printed  the  laws,  friendly  to  Mr.  Clin- 


266  '  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [February, 

ton,  and  one  opposed  to  him.  I  had  continued  them  all  till  the 
present  year.  The  Albany  Argus,  from  being  the  friend,  had 
indeed  become  the  adversary  to  Mr.  Clinton  ;  but  if  I  had  dis 
missed  the  paper  for  that  reason,  it  would  have  been  the  very 
improper  interference  in  the  politics  of  New  York  of  which  Mr. 
Clinton  complained.  I  had  shown  them  the  memorial  upon 
which  I  had  changed  the  Ontario  Messenger  for  the  Batavia 
Times.  But  I  should  be  perfectly  explicit  with  them.  I  had 
the  more  readily  yielded  to  the  arguments  of  the  memorial,  not 
because  the  Ontario  Messenger  had  been  friendly  to  Governor 
Clinton,  but  because  it  was  invariably  bitterly  hostile  to  the 
Administration  of  the  General  Government.  The  papers  that 
printed  the  laws  were  perfectly  at  liberty  to  promulgate  what 
political  sentiments  they  pleased;  but  I  felt  no  obligation  to 
countenance  papers  whose  career  was  a  succession  of  slanders 
and  invectives  upon  the  Government  of  the  Union. 

Tracy  was  not  ashamed  to  say  that  he  had  never  remarked 
that  the  Ontario  Messenger  was  unfriendly  to  the  General  Gov 
ernment;  but  Allen  was  a  little  more  ingenuous.  He  said  that 
since  the  Missouri  question  had  been  agitated  there  had  been 
some  things  in  the  paper  against  the  Administration.  They 
left  me,  I  believe,  not  well  satisfied  with  the  result  of  their 
visit.  The  Ontario  Messenger  is  reputed  to  be  the  property  of 
John  C.  Spencer,  or  at  least  is  entirely  under  his  influence  and 
that  of  Gideon  Granger.  These  are  devoted  partisans  of  De 
Witt  Clinton,  who  at  least  enjoys  a  distinction  belonging  to  no 
other  man  in  this  Union:  he  has  made  himself  so  completely 
the  object  of  party  controversy  that  the  whole  State  of  New 
York  politically  consists  of  his  partisans  and  of  his  opponents. 

9th.  The  question  was  this  day  taken  in  the  House  of  Rep 
resentatives  upon  Mr.  Clay's  proposed  amendment  to  the  Gen 
eral  Appropriation  bill,  to  appropriate  for  an  outfit  and  a  year's 
salary  for  a  Minister  Plenipotentiary  to  any  of  the  South  Amer 
ican  Governments;  which  was  rejected  by  a  vote  of  eighty-six 
to  seventy-nine. 

loth.  General  Vives,  the  Spanish  Minister,  came  and  in 
formed  me  that  Mr.  De  Barros  had  just  arrived  with  the 
Florida  Treaty  ratified  by  the  King  of  Spain.  He  said  he  had 


1 82 1.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  26? 

been  so  anxious  to  give  me  the  first  notice  of  this  event  him 
self  that  he  had  not  even  waited  to  open  his  dispatches,  but 
had  hastened  here  without  losing  one  moment  of  time.  I  was 
much  gratified  with  this  mark  of  attention  from  the  General, 
and  made  him  my  acknowledgments  for  it.  He  said  he  would 
make  me  a  communication  on  Monday.  Barros  came  in  the 
Rapid,  from  Bordeaux,  for  Philadelphia,  and  landed  from  the 
vessel  at  Wilmington,  Delaware.  He  had  a  passage  of  eighty- 
eight  days.  I  called  at  the  President's  and  informed  him  of 
the  arrival  of  the  treaty — an  occurrence  which  gave  him  great 
satisfaction. 

nth.  We  had  a  small  party,  consisting  of  C.  J.  Ingersoll, 
N.  Biddle,  J.  Sergeant,  and  W.  S.  Smith,  to  dine  with  us, 
and  much  conversation  upon  the  merits  of  Kean,  the  English 
tragedian,  who  is  now  performing  at  Philadelphia.  He  is  the 
popular  favorite  of  the  day  in  England ;  but  he  is  of  that  class 
of  actors  described  by  Hamlet  as  "  tearing  a  passion  to  tatters." 
His  vice  is  exaggeration;  and  it  is  the  vice  of  almost  all  the 
literature  of  the  age.  I  have  never  seen  upon  the  English 
stage  a  male  performer  of  the  highest  order  ;  none  to  compare 
with  what  I  conceive  Garrick  to  have  been ;  none  to  com 
pare  with  what  I  have  seen  performed  by  Mrs.  Siddons,  Mrs. 
Jordan,  and  Miss  Farren  in  female  parts.  I  have  seen  no 
more  powerful  actor  than  Kean  in  England;  yet  in  his  deline 
ations  of  character  I  cannot  divest  myself  of  the  impression 
produced  by  the  likeness  of  a  caricature.  He  is  a  mannerist, 
and  there  is,  consequently,  great  opposition  of  opinion  upon 
his  style  of  acting:  those  who  like  it  are  enthusiastic  in  their 
admiration,  those  who  dislike  it  are  disgusted  with  the  actor. 
There  is  no  neutrality  concerning  him.  But,  however  ques 
tionable  his  talents  may  otherwise  be,  there  is  no  doubt  that 
he  has  that  of  drawing  crowded  houses.  Kean  arrived  from 
England  last  November  at  New  York,  where  he  performed 
several  times,  and  is  now  going  through  an  engagement  at 
Philadelphia. 

We  had  also  some  talk  upon  the  business  now  before  Con 
gress.  The  House  of  Representatives,  after  rejecting  various 
propositions  concerning  the  admission  of  Missouri,  at  last,  on 


268  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUIA'CY  ADAMS.          [February, 

the  motion  of  Mr.  Clay,  appointed  a  committee  of  thirteen  mem 
bers  to  consider  and  report  upon  the  resolution  passed  by  the 
Senate  for  her  admission.  This  committee  yesterday  reported 
the  resolution  from  the  Senate  with  an  amendment.  Mr.  Clay 
also  brought  forward  yesterday  a  new  proposition  concerning 
South  America — a  declaration  that  the  House  take  a  deep  in 
terest  in  the  success  of  the  Independent  cause,  and  will  support 
the  President  whenever  he  shall  think  proper  to  recognize  the 
independence  of  any  of  the  South  American  provinces.  This 
resolution  he  carried  ;  and  it  was  ingeniously  adapted  to  its 
only  object,  which  was  that  of  covering  his  defeat  of  the  pre 
ceding  day. 

1 2th.  General  Vives,  the  Spanish  Minister,  this  morning,  by 
note,  requested  an  interview  with  me,  and  I  answered  him  by 
fixing  one  o'clock  for  the  purpose.  He  accordingly  then  came, 
and  delivered  to  me  the  Treaty  of  22d  February,  1819,  ratified 
by  the  King  of  Spain,  which  he  declared  he  was  ready  to  ex 
change  with  me  for  the  ratification  of  the  United  States.  He 
added  that  in  delivering  this  ratification  to  me  he  was  instructed 
by  his  Government  to  state  that  the  Cortes,  upon  receiving  from 
the  King  the  communication  of  the  treaty,  had  observed  with 
great  mortification  and  pain  that,  besides  the  alienation  of  val 
uable  provinces  of  the  Spanish  monarchy,  of  which  it  required 
their  sanction,  the  Spanish  negotiator  of  the  treaty  had  left  alto 
gether  unprovided  for  and  had  renounced  all  the  just  claims  of 
Spanish  subjects  upon  the  United  States  for  which  indemnity 
had  been  stipulated  by  the  Convention  of  1802  ;  that  with  regard 
to  the  question  which  had  arisen  relating  to  the  grants  of  lands 
made  by  the  King  prior  to  the  time  specified  in  the  eighth 
article  of  the  treaty,  the  24th  of  January,  1818,  as  it  appeared 
to  have  arisen  from  a  misapprehension  between  the  negotiators 
of  the  treaty,  it  seemed  to  the  Cortes  that  such  adjustment  of 
it  was  equitably  due  to  Spain  as  was  usual  in  doubtful  cases — 
namely,  that  the  property  of  the  lands  in  the  ceded  Territories 
should  be  divided  equally  between  the  two  parties ;  that  in 
presenting  the  treaty  with  the  ratification,  he  was  instructed  to 
make  these  observations,  with  the  request  that  they  might  be 
submitted  to  the  consideration  of  the  President  of  the  United 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  269 

States,  with  the  hope  that  he  would  see  in  the  proceedings  of 
the  Spanish  Government  the  earnestness  of  their  desire  to  con 
summate  the  adjustment  of  all  the  differences  between  the  two 
countries  ;  and  he  was  instructed  to  add  that  as  by  the  recent 
changes  in  the  Government  of  Spain  the  principles  of  govern 
ment  upon  which  the  Constitutions  of  the  two  nations  are 
founded  were  analogous,  it  was  hoped  that  this  ratification 
would  be  received  as  an  earnest  of  the  desire  of  Spain  that 
the  ties  of  intercourse  and  the  political  relations  between  them 
might  be  drawn  together  in  the  closest  harmony. 

I  answered  him  that  I  should  forthwith  make  report  to  the 
President  of  the  communication  of  the  treaty  as  ratified  by 
the  Government  of  Spain  ;  that  this  ratification,  having  been 
given  after  the  expiration  of  the  six  months  stipulated  by  one 
of  the  articles  as  the  term  within  which  the  ratifications  should 
be  exchanged,  would  be  submitted  to  the  Senate  of  the  United 
States  for  their  advice  and  consent,  to  receive  it  in  exchange 
for  the  ratification  of  the  United  States  heretofore  given ;  that 
if  this  sanction  of  the  Senate  should  be  granted,  I  should  give 
him  notice  of  my  readiness  to  exchange  the  ratifications  with 
him ;  that  I  should  also  report  to  the  President  the  observa 
tions  which,  by  order  of  his  Government,  he  had  now  made  to 
me;  that  I  was  well  assured  he  would  receive  with  great  satis 
faction  the  assent  of  the  Cortes  to  the  ratification  of  the  treaty, 
as  an  evidence  of  their  disposition  to  cultivate  and  cherish  the 
friendly  and  harmonious  intercourse  between  the  two  countries 
— a  disposition  which,  on  the  part  of  the  President,  would  meet 
with  the  most  cordial  return ;  that  with  regard  to  the  unfavor 
able  opinion  which  he  had  been  instructed  to  say  the  Cortes 
had  entertained  of  the  treaty  as  it  affected  the  interests  of 
Spain,  I  should  now  only  take  the  liberty  to  observe  that  it  had 
always  been  considered  by  the  President  as  a  fair  and  liberal 
adjustment  of  the  differences  between  the  two  countries,  and 
in  which  full  justice  had  been  done  to  the  interests  of  Spain ; 
that  if  the  claims  of  Spanish  subjects  upon  the  United  States 
provided  for  by  the  Convention  of  1802  had  been  abandoned, 
the  amount  of  the  claims  of  citizens  of  the  United  States  upon 
the  Government  of  Spain  was  much  greater  than  the  sum 


270  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.          [February, 

which  the  United  States  had  consented  to  accept  for  the  re 
muneration  of  them ;  that  in  all  arrangements  of  this  nature 
mutual  concession  was  an  indispensable  ingredient,  and  that  in 
this  treaty  we  believed  there  had  been  on  the  part  of  the  United 
States  not  less  of  this  concession  than  on  the  part  of  Spain ; 
that  with  respect  to  the  grants  of  land,  I  was  happy  to  be 
relieved  from  the  necessity  of  re-entering  upon  a  painful  dis 
cussion,  which  had  already  been  entirely  exhausted ;  that  as 
the  total  nullity  of  the  grants  asserted  by  Mr.  Onis,  before  the 
signature  of  the  treaty,  was  now  confirmed  by  the  solemn  sanc 
tion  of  the  Cortes,  I  hoped  it  would  be  unnecessary  for  me  to 
show  that  there  had  been  no  misapprehension  by  him  concern 
ing  it;  that  we  had  been  informed  Mr.  Onis  had  published  in 
Spain  a  book  or  a  pamphlet  giving  an  account  of  his  mission  to 
this  country,  and  particularly  of  that  negotiation;  that  I  had 
not  seen  it,  but,  from  what  I  had  heard  of  it,  Mr.  Onis,  though 
he  had  been  far  from  doing  justice  to  the  American  Government, 
had  nevertheless  admitted  that  he  signed  the  treaty  with  the 
full  understanding  that  all  the  grants  in  question  were  null  and 
void  under  it,  and  had  insisted  with  great  force  that  the  treaty 
even  thus  made  was  in  the  highest  degree  advantageous  to 
Spain ;  that  as  the  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs,  Mr.  Perez  de 
Castro,  had  urged,  in  an  official  note  to  Mr.  Forsyth,  all  that 
the  Cortes  had  wished  should  be  said  by  the  Spanish  Govern 
ment  on  this  subject,  and  had  been  answered  by  Mr.  Forsyth, 
I  presumed  there  would  be  no  occasion  for  a  further  discussion 
of  it  here  ;  that,  at  all  events,  no  new  disposition  of  the  lands, 
nor  any  other  alteration  of  the  treaty,  could  possibly  be  made 
without  another  negotiation  and  another  treaty. 

He  said  that  for  that  he  had  neither  instructions  nor  au 
thority  ;  on  the  contrary,  his  orders  were  merely  to  submit 
the  observations  which  he  had  made  to  me,  and  to  present  the 
ratification  of  the  treaty,  which  contained,  as  had  been  desired 
by  the  American  Government,  an  express  declaration  of  the 
annulment  of  the  grants ;  that  he  did  not  even  think  it  neces 
sary  to  commit  these  observations  to  writing,  but,  as  there  had 
been  intimations  abroad  as  if  the  Spanish  Government  were 
insidiously  intending  to  protract  the  conclusion  of  this  nego- 


i82i  ]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  2Jl 

tiation,  he  had  now  brought  the  ratified  treaty  with  him,  and 
would  be  at  any  time  ready  to  receive  our  ratification  in  return; 
he  had  also  received  the  royal  order  to  the  Governor  and  Cap 
tain-General  of  the  island  of  Cuba  for  the  delivery  of  the  ceded 
Territories;  that  it  was  true  Mr.  Onis,  with  a  view  to  defend 
himself  from  the  imputation  of  having  yielded  too  much  in  the 
treaty,  had  published  an  account  of  the  negotiation,  of  which 
he  (General  Vives)  spoke  with  regret;  he  had  not  received  a 
copy  of  it,  but  he  had  heard,  with  concern,  of  its  contents  [I 
understood  him  as  intending  by  these  remarks  to  express  his 
concern  at  the  acrimonious  manner  in  which  Onis  is  said  to 
have  made  mention  in  his  book  of  the  members  of  the  American 
Government];  that  if  he  should  receive  a  copy  of  it  he  would 
communicate  it  to  me.  He  added  that  immediately  after  the 
exchange  of  the  ratifications  he  should  be  ready  to  take  every 
measure  necessary  for  transmitting  the  order  to  the  Governor- 
General  of  Cuba  for  the  delivery  of  the  province  of  Florida, 
conformably  to  the  terms  of  the  treaty. 

He  then  took  leave,  and  withdrew,  leaving  the  treaty,  with 
the  Spanish  ratification,  at  the  office  in  my  possession.  I  went 
immediately  over  to  the  President's,  and  informed  him  of  this 
communication  from  General  Vives.  He  desired  me  to  pre 
pare  the  draft  of  a  message  to  the  Senate  for  their  advice  and 
consent  to  the  exchange  of  the  ratifications.  There  was  some 
question  as  to  the  form  of  the  message — whether  it  would  be 
proper  to  propose  a  new  ratification  by  the  Senate,  or  simply 
their  advice  and  consent  to  receive  the  Spanish  ratification  in  ex 
change  for  the  ratification  of  the  United  States,  heretofore  given. 
I  thought  the  latter  to  be  the  proper  and  consistent  form,  and  so 
the  President  directed  it  should  be.  Vives  had  told  me  that  he 
had  been  furnished  with  authentic  copies  of  the  grants  to  Alagon, 
Punon  Rostro,  and  Vargas,  and,  as  they  are  expressly  referred  to 
and  declared  null  and  void  by  the  Spanish  ratification,  I  thought 
it  would  be  best  to  publish  them  with  the  treaty,  and,  with  the 
sanction  of  the  President,  determined  to  send  to  Vives  for  them. 
The  President  requested  me  also  to  draw  up  a  written  statement 
of  what  had  passed  between  Vives  and  me  at  our  interview  this 
day,  to  be  communicated  with  the  other  papers  to  the  Senate. 


2^2  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.          [February, 

The  President  also  put  into  my  hands  a  long  written  memorial 
to  him,  which  R.  W.  Meade  had  delivered  to  him  this  morning, 
and  which  he  said  he  had  not  had  time  to  read.  On  reading  it, 
I  found  it  was  nothing  less  than  an  attempt  to  set  up  a  claim 
that  if  the  Senate  should  now  ratify  the  treaty  they  would 
make  it  conditional  that  the  whole  of  a  claim  of  more  than 
half  a  million  of  dollars  of  Meade's  upon  the  Spanish  Govern 
ment  should  be  paid,  as  liquidated  long  since  the  signature  of 
the  treaty,  or  that  a  particular  renunciation  of  claim  in  one  of 
the  articles  should  be  excepted  from  the  ratification ;  or  that 
they  should  declare  the  United  States  to  have  assumed  the 
whole  amount  of  his  claim.  Gales,  the  editor  of  the  National 
Intelligencer,  had  hinted  to  me  some  days  since  that  Meade 
was  intriguing  mischievously  among  the  members  of  the  Senate 
against  the  treaty  ;  but  this  memorial  is  a  mine  sprung  upon 
it  at  the  last  moment.  Meade  had  never  made  a  shadow  of 
a  claim  like  this,  and  now,  instead  of  presenting  it  directly  in  a 
memorial  to  the  Senate,  or  in  regular  form  to  the  President, 
through  the  Department  of  State,  addresses  and  delivers  it  to 
the  President  in  person.  There  was  something  very  insidious 
in  this  course  of  proceeding.  There  were  statements  in  the 
memorial  relative  to  myself  not  founded  in  fact.  By  address 
ing  it  directly  to  the  President,  it  appeared  to  be  drawn  up  with 
a  view  to  take  post  for  complaint  against  him  if  he  should  not 
communicate  it  to  the  Senate  before  they  should  act  upon  the 
treaty;  and  if  he  did  communicate  it,  that  it  should  be  with 
out  any  corrective  of  its  misstatements.  There  was  malice  and 
treachery  in  the  transaction,  as  well  as  intrigue  and  cupidity. 
After  a  cursory  reading  of  the  paper,  I  told  the  President  that 
I  thought  it  should  be  communicated  to  the  Senate  with  the 
treaty ;  but  that  it  must  not  go  without  a  comment.  If  he 
would  refer  it  to  me,  I  would  make  a  formal,  though  it  must 
be  a  very  hasty  and  short  report  upon  it  to  him,  which  he 
might  communicate  with  it  to  the  Senate.  To  this  the  President 
assented. 

I  took  the  papers  home,  and  was  occupied  till  midnight  upon 
them.  I  prepared  drafts  of  two  messages  to  the  Senate,  one 
to  communicate  the  treaty,  and  the  other  Meade's  memorial. 


i82i.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

On  examining  this,  I  found  it  contained,  with  some  bold  mis- 
statements  of  facts,  a  subtle  and  delusive  comment  upon  them, 
with  a  very  elaborate  and  plausible  argument  upon  principles 
of  general  and  national  law,  which  it  insisted  was  applicable  to 
the  case.  I  saw  there  was  no  time  for  a  regular  answer  to  this 
argument,  nor  even  to  examine  and  canvass  the  principles 
which  were  referred  to  as  authorities  from  the  writers  on  the 
law  of  nations.  I  wrote,  therefore,  without  consulting  a  single 
book,  a  report  to  the  President,  directly  contradicting  the  false 
hoods  alleged  in  the  memorial  as  facts,  and  barely  glancing  at 
the  particular  point  of  the  argument  where  its  fallacy  was  lurk 
ing,  referring  explicitly  to  the  intelligence  of  the  Senate  of  the 
'United  States  for  its  entire  detection.  I  postponed  till  the 
morning  the  drawing  up  the  memorandum  of  the  conference 
between  General  Vives  and  me. 

1 3th.  Mr.  Roth  called  at  my  house  this  morning,  and  in 
formed  me  that  Mr.  Hyde  de  Neuville,  who  during  his  visit  to 
France  has  been  made  a  Baron,  had  arrived  at  Norfolk  with  his 
family  in  the  French  frigate  the  Tern.  As  I  was  afterwards 
going  to  the  President's,  I  met  Mr.  Poletica,  who  told  me  he 
was  on  his  way  to  call  upon  Mr.  De  Neuville,  who  had  just 
arrived  in  the  steamboat  from  Norfolk.  Mr.  Thierry  came  in 
the  course  of  the  day  to  enquire  if  I  could  receive  him,  which 
I  answered  that  I  should  be  happy  to  do  immediately.  He 
came,  and  informed  me  that  in  consequence  of  certain  difficul 
ties  which  had  arisen  in  the  negotiation  concerning  the  com 
mercial  relations  between  France  and  the  United  States,  with 
which  Mr.  Gallatin  had  been  charged,  the  French  Government 
had  concluded  that  the  arrangement  might  be  facilitated  by 
transferring  it  to  this  place.  It  had,  therefore,  been  committed 
to  him,  and  in  the  short  time  he  was  to  remain  here  (having 
a  further  destination  elsewhere)  he  hoped  we  might  agree  upon 
terms  which  would  restore  the  interrupted  commercial  inter 
course  between  the  two  countries. 

I  answered  him  in  general  terms,  expressive  of  the  satisfac 
tion  with  which  his  return  to  this  country  would  be  welcomed 
by  the  President ;  of  our  own  earnest  desire  to  settle  upon 
principles  of  reciprocity  our  commercial  relations  with  France, 

VOL.  V.  — 18 


274  ME  AW  IRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.          [February, 

and  of  my  own  personal  gratification  in  having  the  opportunity 
to  discuss  them  with  him,  whose  conciliatory  dispositions 
towards  the  United  States  so  well  corresponded  with  ours 
towards  France. 

He  requested  me  to  take  the  President's  directions  as  to  the 
time  when  he  would  receive  him,  and  when  he  might  present 
to  him  the  persons  attached  to  his  Legation,  and  enquired 
whether  he  should  write  me  a  note  to  ask  a  conference  with 
me  on  the  subject  of  his  mission.  I  desired  him  to  write  a 
line  to  ask  the  audience  of  the  President,  but  told  him  I 
myself  should  be  happy  to  receive  him  and  confer  with  him 
at  any  time  without  giving  him  the  trouble  to  ask  it  in 
writing. 

He  spoke  of  the  seizure  of  the  French  ship  Apollon,  Captain 
Edou,  seized  last  summer  at  St.  Mary's,  in  Georgia;  a  case  with 
the  particulars  of  which,  he  said,  he  was  not  acquainted.  The 
information  of  it  had  reached  Paris  after  he  left  that  city,  and 
had  come  to  his  knowledge  only  the  day  before  he  sailed.  Mr. 
Roth  had  spoken  to  him  of  it  here,  and,  from  the  representa 
tions  which  he  had  received  of  it,  there  seemed  to  be  circum 
stances  of  aggravation  attending  it. 

I  said  that  the  vessel  was  under  seizure  for  a  violation  of 
our  revenue  laws,  and  the  case  was  before  the  competent  Court 
for  trial ;  that  I  had  not  pursued  the  correspondence  on  the 
subject  with  Mr.  Roth,  because  by  the  communications  relating 
to  it,  received  from  him,  I  found  his  zeal  had  in  it  so  much  of 
heat  that  I  had  preferred  communicating  with  the  French  Gov 
ernment  concerning  it  through  Mr.  Gallatin.  I  had  sent  him 
instructions  to  give  all  the  necessary  explanations,  and  trans 
mitted  to  him  proofs  of  a  conspiracy  for  defrauding  the  laws 
and  revenue  of  the  United  States  between  this  Captain  Edou, 
a  Spanish  Vice-Consul  at  St.  Mary's,  and  the  Governor  of  St. 
Augustine,  Coppinger.  I  would  communicate  these  papers  to 
him ;  and  as  by  the  cession  of  Florida  to  the  United  States, 
now  ratified  by  the  King  of  Spain,  no  future  case  of  the  same 
kind  could  arise,  I  trusted  we  should  find  no  difficulty  in  settling 
this  affair  to  mutual  satisfaction. 

He  repeated  that  he  knew  nothing  of  the  particulars,  but 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPAR7\MENT  OF  STATE. 

said  it  had  been  even  represented  to  him  as  if  the  honor  of  the 
French  flag  had  been  lightly  treated. 

I  said  he  might  be  sure  there  was  no  such  intention  ;  and 
observed  that  there  could  have  been  no  possible  motive  in  the 
officers  concerned  in  the  seizure  to  insult  the  French  flag. 

He  seemed  sensible  that  he  was  under  some  irritation,  and 
waived  the  subject,  saying  that  he  would  make  further  enquiry 
into  the  facts,  and  would  duly  consider  the  documents  that  I 
offered  to  show  him.  He  soon  after  took  leave. 

With  this  new  thread  to  unravel,  I  was  no  less  occupied  with 
that  of  the  Florida  Treaty.  The  message  communicating  it, 
and  that  to  be  sent  with  Meade's  memorial,  were  signed  by  the 
President.  The  memorandum  of  my  correspondence  yesterday 
with  General  Vives  was  copied,  and  the  dispatches  from  Mr. 
Forsyth  relating  to  the  Spanish  ratification  were  selected.  I 
read  to  the  President  my  report  to  him  upon  Meade's  memo 
rial,  which  he  approved.  But  I  felt  great  anxiety  concerning  it, 
not  only  as  going  in  the  nature  of  a  controversial  document  to 
the  Senate,  but  as  having  undoubtedly  to  come  hereafter  before 
the  public,  and  committing  the  Government  to  the  assertion  of 
certain  principles  which  will  be  much  debated. 

After  the  paper  was  copied,  I  sent  to  the  offices  of  the  Secre 
taries  of  War  and  the  Navy,  requesting  them  to  meet  me  at  the 
President's.  Mr.  Calhoun  had  already  left  his  office,  but  I  found 
Mr.  Thompson  at  the  President's.  At  my  request,  he  read  the 
report,  and  found  nothing  in  it  but  what  he  thought  maintain 
able  and  correct  in  principle.  It  was  therefore  sent  to  the 
Senate  with  the  messages;  but  that  body  had  adjourned  before 
Lieutenant  Monroe  reached  the  Capitol  with  them.  They  will 
be  delivered  to  the  Senate  to-morrow  morning. 

Yesterday  the  House  of  Representatives  rejected  the  report 
of  their  committee  of  thirteen ;  and  the  resolution  which  had 
passed  the  Senate  for  the  admission  of  Missouri.  This  day, 
after  a  reconsideration  upon  motion  of  a  member  who  had  voted 
with  the  majority  rejecting  the  resolution  of  yesterday,  the  ques 
tion  was  again  taken  upon  the  resolution  for  admission  from 
the  Senate,  and  it  was  again  rejected,  by  a  vote  of  eighty-six  to 
eighty.  This  day  also  the  report  of  a  joint  committee  of  both 


2^6  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.          [February, 

Houses  was  made  with  regard  to  the  manner  of  counting  the 
votes  of  the  Presidential  election  to-morrow.  And,  as  it  is 
expected  that  objection  will  be  made  to  receiving  the  votes  of 
Missouri,  a  resolution  is  proposed  that  in  such  case  the  result 
of  the  election  shall  be  announced  in  alternative,  so  as  to  avoid 
the  question  upon  the  reception  of  the  votes. 

1 4th.  I  attended  an  evening  party  at  Mr.  Brown's,  the  Sen 
ator  from  Louisiana.  Mrs.  Adams,  being  unwell,  could  not  go. 
There  was  much  conversation  upon  the  proceedings  in  the 
House  of  Representatives,  which  were  said  to  have  been  ex 
tremely  violent  and  disorderly.  The  two  Houses  met  in  con 
vention  to  open  the  electoral  votes,  and  to  declare  the  persons 
chosen  as  President  and  Vice-President  for  the  four  years  en 
suing  the  3d  of  March  next.  They  met  in  the  hail  of  the 
House  of  Representatives,  and  proceeded  in  regular  form  ac 
cording  to  the  mode  prescribed  by  the  Constitution  of  the 
United  States,  the  law  of  1st  March,  1792,  that  of  26th  March, 
1804,  and  the  joint  resolution  reported  by  the  committee  of 
the  two  Houses  (which  had,  however,  been  accepted  by  the 
House  of  Representatives  only  this  morning,  after  sharp  debate, 
and  twice  taking  of  yeas  and  nays),  till  the  votes  of  Missouri 
came  to  be  counted ;  when  Arthur  Livermore,  a  member  from 
New  Hampshire,  rose,  and  objected  to  the  counting  of  the  votes 
of  Missouri,  because  Missouri  is  not  a  State  of  this  Union. 
Immediately  John  Randolph  and  John  Floyd,  both  members 
from  Virginia,  started  up  together  and  began  to  speak.  John 
Williams,  a  Senator  from  Tennessee,  then  moved  that  the 
Senate  should  withdraw  to  their  own  chamber,  which  they 
did ;  a  measure  well  devised  to  defeat  the  impetuosity  of  the 
unruly  members  of  the  House. 

The  House  then  became  exceedingly  tumultuous.  Floyd, 
in  the  face  of  the  resolution  adopted  upon  the  report  of  the 
joint  committee  by  a  large  majority  of  the  House,  moved  that 
Missouri  is  one  of  the  States  of  this  Union,  and  that  her  votes 
ought  to  be  received  and  counted.  After  much  disturbance 
and  confusion,  Clay  got  rid  of  this  resolution  by  moving  that 
it  should  lie  on  the  table ;  and  then  moving  that  a  message  be 
sent  to  the  Senate  informing  them  that  the  House  were  now 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

ready  to  proceed  in  continuing  the  enumeration  of  the  electoral 
votes,  according  to  the  joint  resolution.  The  Senate  accord 
ingly  returned;  the  votes  of  Missouri  were  counted,  and  the 
result  was  declared  by  the  President  of  the  Senate  in  the  alter 
native  :  that  if  the  votes  of  Missouri  were  counted  there  would 
be  two  hundred  and  thirty-one  votes  for  James  Monroe  as 
President,  and  two  hundred  and  eighteen  votes  for  Daniel  D. 
Tompkins  as  Vice-President,  and  if  not  counted,  that  there 
would  be  two  hundred  and  twenty-eight  votes  for  James 
Monroe  as  President,  and  two  hundred  and  fifteen  for  Daniel 
D.  Tompkins  as  Vice-President ;  but  that  in  either  event  they 
were  both  elected  to  their  respective  offices.  He  therefore 
declared  them  to  be  so  elected. 

The  two  Houses  then  separated,  and  the  Senate  again  re 
turned  to  their  chamber ;  upon  which  Randolph  moved  in  the 
House  two  resolutions :  one,  that  the  electoral  votes  had  been 
counted  of  the  State  of  Missouri  and  formed  a  part  of  the 
majorities  by  which  the  President  and  Vice-President  had  been 
elected  ;  and  the  other,  that  the  result  of  the  election  had  not 
been  declared  by  the  presiding  officer  conformably  to  the  Con 
stitution  and  the  law,  and  therefore  that  the  whole  proceedings 
had  been  irregular  and  illegal. 

This  motion,  after  a  very  disorderly  debate,  was  disposed  of 
by  a  motion,  which  was  carried,  to  adjourn.  Floyd  and  Ran 
dolph  were  for  bringing  Missouri  into  the  Union  by  storm,  and 
for  bullying  the  majority  of  the  House  into  a  minority.  The 
only  result  produced  by  them  was  disorder  and  tumult.  Clay, 
who  has  infinitely  more  pliability,  dodged  the  question,  and  suc 
ceeded  in  making  both  Houses  of  Congress  dodge  it  with  him. 
But  among  the  means  of  his  success  was  one  of  those  disin 
genuous  tricks  by  which  he  carried  the  Missouri  question  last 
winter.  Then  it  was  by  superseding,  as  Speaker,  a  motion  of 
John  Randolph  to  reconsider  a  vote  of  the  preceding  day,  on 
a  point  of  order,  to  give  time  for  the  reading  of  the  journal, 
and  directing  the  Clerk  in  that  interval  to  carry  the  resolution, 
passed  the  preceding  day,  to  the  Senate,  so  that  when,  after  the 
reading  of  the  journal,  Randolph  renewed  his  motion  to  recon 
sider,  it  could  not  be  received,  the  resolution  being  no  longer 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QU1NCY  ADAMS.          [February, 

in  possession  of  the  House.  This  day  it  was  by  reporting  to 
the  House  the  resolution  from  the  joint  committee  of  both 
Houses,  for  the  proceedings  on  the  Presidential  election,  differ 
ently  from  what  it  had  been  agreed  to  in  the  committee  and 
adopted  by  the  Senate.  The  real  resolution  was,  that  at  the 
joint  meeting  "the  President  of  the  Senate  should  be  the  pre 
siding  officer."  Clay,  of  his  own  head,  altered  the  report  of  the 
joint  resolution  of  the  House  to  read,  ''The  President  of  the 
Senate  shall  be  the  presiding  officer  of  the  Senate,  seated  on 
the  right  of  the  Speaker  of  the  House,  who  shall  be  the  pre 
siding  officer  of  the  House,"  and  so  the  resolution  passed  the 
House.  It  neither  did  nor  could  have  so  passed  the  Senate. 
But  this  was  Clay's  expedient  of  dodging  that  question  of  col 
lision  between  the  two  Houses  with  regard  to  the  presiding 
officer.  And  it  is  one  of  the  pregnant  evidences  of  Clay's 
overbearing  influence  that  this  unprincipled  fraud,  although 
discovered  and  noticed  in  the  House,  was  neither  censured 
there  nor  resented  by  the  Senate. 

Floyd  and  Randolph  continued  to  interrupt  the  proceedings 
even  after  the  Senate  came  the  second  time  into  joint  meeting, 
but  Clay,  by  mere  dint  of  superior  influence  with  his  own,  which 
was  also  their  party,  finally  baffled  them  and  put  them  down. 
The  business  of  the  day  was  accomplished.  The  President  and 
Vice-President  of  the  ensuing  Presidential  term  were  declared; 
but  if  the  election  had  been  a  contested  one,  and  the  reception 
or  rejection  of  the  Missouri  votes  could  have  turned  the  scale, 
I  think  there  would  have  been  no  declaration  of  a  President  and 
Vice-President  before  the  4th  of  March,  and  the  whole  Union 
would  have  been  unhinged. 

This  was  the  ninth  Presidential  election  since  the  existence 
of  the  present  Constitution  of  the  United  States,  and  is  already 
the  second  instance  of  a  crisis  in  the  election.  On  the  former 
occasion  it  happened  at  the  very  tug  of  conflict  between  two 
national  parties  for  the  mastery.  Now  it  happened  at  an  era 
far  more  extraordinary — when  that  party  conflict  had  per 
formed  its  entire  revolution,  and  that  unanimity  of  choice  which 
began  with  George  Washington  had  come  round  again  in  the 
person  of  James  Monroe.  In  the  survey  of  our  national  history, 


1 82 1.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  2Sl 

tokens  of  confidence  bestowed  upon  him  by  his  sovereign ; 
and,  that,  our  earnest  desire  being  to  cultivate  the  friendship  of 
Erance,  we  hoped  that  the  relations  between  the  two  countries 
would  be  adjusted  to  the  mutual  satisfaction  of  both.  And 
he  then  passed  to  enquiries  concerning  his  voyage  and  his 
family. 

The  audience  was  not  of  more  than  ten  minutes'  duration. 
As  he  went  away,  the  Baron  asked  me  to  appoint  a  time  when 
I  would  receive  him  for  a  conversation  upon  business ;  and  I 
fixed  to-morrow  at  one  o'clock. 

1 6th.  William  A.  Burwell,  a  member  of  the  House  of 
Representatives  from  Virginia,  died  this  morning.  He  had 
been  once  for  a  short  time  private  Secretary  to  Mr.  Jefferson 
during  his  Presidency,  and  soon  after  was  elected  member  of 
Congress,  when  little  beyond  the  age  necessary  for  qualifica 
tion.  He  was  always  re-elected,  and  has  been  fourteen  years 
a  member.  He  was  a  man  of  moderate  talents  and  respectable 
private  character,  full  of  Vifginian  principles  and  prejudices,  a 
,S  o  £»  !o  "  "e  of  wisdom  and  Quixotism,  which  has  done  some  good 


— 


ich   mischief  to  the  Union.     Burwell  took  no   lead  in 


J 


He  scarcely  ever  spoke  ;  never  originated  a  measure 
"S  g  '-|       '  public  utility,  but  fancied  himself  a  guardian  of  the 

-g  %         *  g        .  of  the  people  against  Executive  encroachments.     His 
*  %        .3  '"§        'vvas  the  consciousness  of  his  own  independence,  and 

^   •*->  "^  rzj 

ea  ^j        •    "3       ^ght  it  heroic  virtue  to  ask  no  favors.     He  therefore 
associated   with    any  members    of  the    Executive,  and 
g  <o       have  shuddered  at  the  thought  of  going  to  the  drawing- 


®        j§  8  ,.     Jealousy  of  State  rights  and  jealousy  of  the  Executive 

|p  tnc  two  pillars  of  Burwell's  political  fabric,  because  t 
o  t  the  prevailing  popular  doctrines  in-Virginia.     He  floated 
-;      \\  the  stream  of  time  with  the  current,  and  always  had  the 
§  £  w    I  .'Section  of  being  in  his  own  eyes  a  pure  and  incorruptible 
M'ginia  teems  with  this  brood  more  than  any  other 
in  the  Union,  and  they  are  far  from  being  the  worst  men 
among  us.     Such  men  occasionally  render  service  to  the  nation 
by  preventing  harm  ;  but  they  are  quite  as  apt  to  prevent  good, 
and  they  never  do  any.     Mr.  Burwell  was  much  esteemed  as  a 
man  ;   and  Mr.  Preston,  heretofore  Governor  of  Virginia,  who 


MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.          [February, 


called   at   my  house   this  morning,  spoke   of  him  with   great 
respect  and  tenderness. 

The  Baron  de  Neuville  came  to  the  office  at  one  o'clock, 
and  brought  with  him  his  full  power  to  treat  upon  the  com 
mercial  relations  between  France  and  the  United  States.  I 
desired  him  to  send  me  a  copy  of  it,  and  told  him  the  President 
would  doubtless  authorize  by  a  corresponding  full  power  some 
person  or  persons  to  negotiate  with  him.  We  entered  little 
into  conversation  upon  the  subjects  of  the  negotiation.  He 
said  that  the  reason  for  which  his  Government  had  sent  him 
here  was,  that  Mr.  Gallatin  had  received  no  instructions  relating 
to  the  claim  of  France  under  the  eighth  article  of  the  Louisiana 
cession  Treaty;  that  they  were  specially  desirous  of  having  an 
answer  to  his  letter  on  the  subject  to  me  of  June,  1818  ;  that  if 
the  American  Government  assented  to  the  views  presented  in 
his  letter,  there  would  be  no  need  of  further  discussion  con 
cerning  it.  If  they  did  not,  the  reasons  would  be  assigned  for 
their  dissent,  and  it  would  not  be  difficult  to  come  to  an  under 
standing  upon  it.  France  was  not  tenacious  of  the  thing 
and  would  show  an  accommodating  spirit  in  the  nego 
When  he  left  France,  he  had  supposed  that  this  would, 
only  difficulty  in  the  way  of  an  arrangement;  but  witj 
cases  of  the  Apollon  and  Eugenie  he  did  not  know  wh^j 

I  told  him  that  I  should  at  an  early  day  give  him  the^j 
on  the  Louisiana  cession  claim  ;  that  the  cases  of  the  ? 
and  Eugenie  could  not  form  any  serious  obstacle  to  our 
ment.     They  were  cases  which  could  not  again  recur.      » 
Gallatin  had  been  instructed  to  give  his  Government  all  n-,  „. 
sary  explanations  relating  to  them  ;  and  if  he  felt  any  re\  5 
nance  in  proceeding  to  treat  of  the  other  points,  we   mi 
suspend   our   conferences   until  we   should   hear  further  fr 
France,  as  there  was  no   prospect  that  we  should  be  able1 
conclude  any  convention  before  the  close  of  the  present  sessi) 
of  Congress. 

He  said  he  hoped  we  might.     It  seemed  to  him  the  easiest 
thing  in  the  world. 

I  told  him  I  heartily  wished  it  might  prove  so,  but  the  ideas 
of  the  two  Governments  on  the  points  of  difference  between 


I  * 

I  §  g 

2.  H    E- 

^  ^   * 

g*S- 

6?  o*  8L 

CD       _ 

aS  s 

M»    fC      X 


V 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  283 

them  were  so  wide  apart,  that  I  dared  not  even  indulge  a  hope 
that  they  could  so  easily  be  brought  together. 

He  said  they  might  begin  by  repealing  on  both  sides  the 
new  and  burdensome  regulations — the  law  of  1 5th  May,  and 
the  King's  ordinance  of  26th  July  last. 

That,  I  told  him,  was  impossible;  it  would  only  put  us  in  the 
same  condition  which  rendered  the  law  of  I5th  May  necessary. 
However,  any  proposals  which  he  should  be  disposed  to  make 
would  be  received  with  the  most  friendly  attention  by  the  Presi 
dent. 

He  then  left  me,  and  soon  after  sent  me  a  copy  of  his  full 
power,  which  I  took  to  the  President.  He  directed  me  to  have 
a  power  made  out  for  myself  for  the  negotiation. 

iQth.  Mr.  Torres  came  to  renew  the  demand  for  the  acknowl 
edgment  of  the  Colombian  republic.  He  is  about  returning 
to  Philadelphia,  and  his  visit  now  was  instigated  by  the  resolu 
tion  which  the  persevering  importunity  of  Mr.  Clay  obtained 
from  the  House  of  Representatives — a  resolution  sufficiently 
illustrated  by  the  refusal  of  the  same  House  the  day  before  to 
make  the  appropriation  for  which  he  had  moved. 

I  asked  Torres  if  he  had  any  new  instructions  to  demand 
this  recognition.  He  said  he  had  not.  I  then  told  him  that  I 
would  communicate  his  demand  to  the  President,  but  it  would 
be  proper  for  him  to  address  me  a  note  concerning  it  in  writing. 
And,  as  it  was  made  without  new  instructions,  the  President 
would  probably  wait  for  the  result  of  the  negotiation  which 
followed  the  recent  armistice  between  President  Bolivar  and 
General  Morillo.  It  was  to  be  hoped  that  Spain  herself  in  the 
issue  of  that  negotiation  would  recognize  the  independence  of 
Colombia,  and  it  might  then  be  recognized  by  other  powers 
without  their  giving  cause  of  complaint  to  Spain. 

Torres  renewed  also  his  demand  for  a  supply  of  muskets 
upon  loan;  but  I  told  him  that  besides  the  objections  hereto 
fore  stated  to  him  against  it — first,  that  it  was  not  in  the  power 
of  the  Executive  to  yield  it  without  an  Act  of  Congress,  and, 
secondly,  that  it  would  be  a  breach  of  neutrality — there  was 
every  reason  now  to  expect  the  muskets  would  not  be  wanted ; 
for  since  the  new  changes  of  Government  in  Spain,  it  could 


284  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QU1NCY  ADAMS.          [February, 

scarcely  be  doubted  that  this  armistice  would  be  followed  by  a 
permanent  pacification. 

Torres  said  he  did  not  know  how  that  might  be,  but,  as  his 
orders  were  to  ask  for  muskets,  he  must  always  have  it  in  his 
power  to  tell  them  that  he  did  ask  for  them.  With  this  intima 
tion  that  the  motive  of  his  present  application  was  merely  to 
enable  him  to  make  a  dispatch,  he  left  me. 

Mr.  Fuller  and  Colonel  Harris  were  also  at  the  office — both 
concerning  the  appointment  of  a  Marshal  for  the  District  of  Mas 
sachusetts.  Mr.  R.  Forrest  came  and  told  me  that  Mr.  R.  W. 
Meade  had  spoken  to  him  in  the  street,  and  said  he  had  been  told 
by  a  member  of  the  Senate  that  I  had  made  a  report  to  that  body 
against  his  memorial,  and  that  he  seemed  to  think  it  extraordi 
nary  that  a  copy  of  it  had  not  been  communicated  to  him. 

I  told  Forrest  that  I  had  no  objection  to  Meade's  having  a 
copy  of  the  report;  but  Meade  had  addressed  his  memorial,  not 
to  the  Department  of  State,  nor  through  the  Department  to  the 
President.  He  had  gone  with  the  memorial  directly  to  the 
President,  without  giving  notice  of  it  to  the  Department.  The 
President  had  referred  it  to  me  for  a  report,  which  I  had  made 
to  him  in  the  discharge  of  my  duty ;  but  it  had  been  no  part  of 
my  duty  to  furnish  Meade  a  copy  of  it. 

I  was  at  the  President's  when  Gales,  the  editor  of  the  Na 
tional  Intelligencer,  came  in  and  announced  that  the  vote  ad 
vising  the  ratification  of  the  Florida  Treaty  had  just  passed 
in  the  Senate,  with  only  four  dissenting  voices,  and  he  was 
exceedingly  anxious  to  have  a  copy  of  the  treaty  to  publish  in 
his  paper  to-morrow. 

I  told  him  that  would  be  impossible,  for  the  ratifications 
would  scarcely  be  exchanged  to-morrow,  and  when  exchanged, 
two  copies  must  be  made  out,  with  a  proclamation  of  the  Presi 
dent,  to  be  communicated  to  the  two  Houses  of  Congress,  all 
which  would  take  two  or  three  days ;  but  that  there  would  be 
nothing  new  to  the  public  in  the  treaty,  which  had  already  been 
communicated  to  Congress,  and  published  with  the  Congres 
sional  documents  last  year.  And  from  them  it  had  been  re- 
published  in  the  National  Intelligencer  itself,  and  many  other 
newspapers. 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  385 

Gales  said  this  had  escaped  his  recollection,  and  declared 
himself  satisfied.  While  I  was  with  the  President,  Mr.  Charles 
Cutts,  the  Secretary  of  the  Senate,  came  in  with  their  resolu 
tion  advising  to  the  ratification,  but  drawn  up  in  a  special  form, 
differing-  from  that  which  had  been  presented  as  the  question 
in  the  message  from  the  President.  The  treaty  had  been  rati 
fied  by  and  with  the  advice  and  consent  of  the  Senate  on  the 
24th  February ;  but  the  last  article  stipulated  that  the  ratifica 
tions  should  be  given  on  both  sides  and  exchanged  within  six 
months  from  the  date.  As  the  King  of  Spain  withheld  his 
ratification  beyond  that  period,  the  United  States  were  no  longer 
bound  to  accept  it  after  the  expiration  of  the  time,  and  when  it 
was  ratified  the  question  arose,  whether  the  tardy  ratification 
should  be  accepted  by  us.  By  the  letter  of  the  Constitution  it 
was  perhaps  not  necessary  to  submit  this  question  to  the  Senate ; 
but  the  disposition  of  the  President  is  to  consult  them  when 
ever  there  is  any  plausible  Constitutional  motive  for  so  doing ; 
and  I  was  especially  desirous  that  the  sense  of  the  Senate 
should  again  be  deliberately  taken  upon  the  merits  of  the 
treaty,  because  a  continued  systematic  and  laborious  effort  has 
been  making  by  Mr.  Clay  and  his  partisans  to  make  it  un 
popular.  In  the  pursuit  of  this  project,  resolutions  against  the 
treaty  had  been  introduced  into  the  Legislatures  of  Kentucky 
and  of  Louisiana,  and  the  Western  newspapers  have  been  inde- 
fatigably  filled  with  essays  and  dissertations  to  the  same  effect. 
Among  the  rest,  T.  B.  Robertson,  Governor  of  Louisiana,  one 
of  Clay's  puppets,  made  an  attack  upon  the  treaty  in  his  speech 
to  the  Legislature.  After  two  years  of  this  work,  I  was  glad  to 
see  how  the  Senate  would  vote  upon  the  treaty  when  brought 
before  them  again.  But  the  question  in  the  President's  mes 
sage  was  for  their  advice  and  consent  to  receive  the  Spanish 
ratification  in  exchange  for  that  of  the  United  States,  heretofore 
given.  From  mere  inattention  to  the  form  of  the  question  in 
the  message,  and  not  from  any  objection  to  it,  they  took  the 
other  course,  of  an  advice  and  consent  to  a  second  ratification 
of  the  treaty.  And  against  this  there  were  only  four  votes — 
Brown,  of  Louisiana,  who  married  a  sister  of  Clay's  wife; 
Richard  M.  Johnson,  of  Kentucky,  against  his  own  better 


286  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.         [February, 

judgment,  from  mere  political  subserviency  to  Clay;  Williams, 
of  Tennessee,  from  party  impulses,  connected  with  hatred  of 
General  Jackson ;  and  Trimble,  of  Ohio,  for  some  maggot  in 
the  brain,  the  cause  of  which  I  do  not  yet  perfectly  know.  At 
the  ratification  of  the  treaty  two  years  ago  there  was  no  formal 
opposition  made  ;  but  the  real  opposition  was  greater  to  it  than 
now.  On  this  event  I  will  not  attempt  to  describe  my  feelings. 

2Oth.  There  was  a  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  Adminis 
tration  at  the  President's.  The  subjects  to  be  considered  were, 
the  proceedings  to  be  adopted  after  the  ratification  of  the  Florida 
Treaty,  and  the  course  to  be  pursued  in  regard  to  the  negotia 
tion  with  France.  At  the  former  ratification  of  the  treaty  there 
was  an  Act  of  Congress  authorizing  the  President  to  take  pos 
session  of  the  Territory,  and  to  make  arrangements  for  its 
government  until  the  end  of  the  then  next  session  of  Con 
gress.  The  Act  was  contingent,  to  take  effect  on  the  exchange 
of  the  ratifications.  But  its  operation  was  limited  to  a  time 
now  past,  and  another  Act  has  now  become  necessary.  Copies 
of  the  treaty  must,  therefore,  be  communicated  to  both  Houses 
of  Congress ;  with  the  proclamation  of  the  President  declaring 
it  to  be  the  law  of  the  land.  The  drafts  of  a  ratification  and  of 
a  proclamation  are  to  be  made.  The  appropriation  must  be 
larger  than  that  of  the  former  Act. 

The  President  thought  it  would  be  advisable  to  have  the 
draft  of  an  Act  prepared.  But  I  reminded  him  of  the  invidious 
comment  of  Mr.  Clay,  two  years  ago,  because  Mr.  Holmes,  the 
Chairman  then  of  the  Committee  on  Foreign  Affairs,  had 
merely  consulted  me  upon  the  drawing  up  of  the  Act,  and 
the  petty  satisfaction  he  had  obtained,  of  reducing  the  appro 
priation  from  thirty  to  twenty  thousand  dollars,  by  a  sneer  at 
Holmes  for  proposing  a  sum  at  the  instigation  of  an  Executive 
officer.  As  the  same  spirit  would  be  very  likely  to  show  itself 
again  on  this  occasion,  I  advised  that  the  committee  of  the 
House  should  be  left  to  themselves  for  drafting  their  Act. 

There  was  some  consideration  of  the  appointments  of  Com 
missioners  for  the  adjustment  of  the  claims.  The  candidates 
are  numerous,  and  their  pretensions  various.  They  were  vari 
ously  canvassed,  and  finally  the  President  desired  me  to  have  a 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  2S? 

list  made  out  of  all  the  applications  that  have  been  made  for 
office  in  Florida,  or  under  the  treaty,  with  the  names  of  all  the 
persons  recommending  them,  to  be  considered  hereafter. 

As  to  the  negotiation  with  Mr.  De  Neuville,  the  question 
now  chiefly  discussed  was,  whether  we  could  agree  to  any 
arrangement  of  the  navigating  question,  by  admitting  that 
American  vessels  should  be  more  heavily  burdened  with  dis 
criminating  duties  in  France  than  French  vessels  in  the  United 
States.  We  had  hitherto  explicitly  rejected  every  proposal  for 
such  a  basis ;  but  Mr.  Crawford  now  declared  himself  in  favor 
of  agreeing  to  it,  and,  to  my  astonishment,  said  that  he  had 
been  against  the  French  Tonnage  Act  of  I5th  May,  1820. 

Calhoun  was  not  less  astonished  at  this  declaration  than  my 
self.  For  if  Crawford  had  objected  to  that  Act  it  would  not 
have  passed.  He  never  at  any  of  the  Executive  meetings  gave 
the  most  distant  insinuation  of  having  any  objection  to  it.  His 
opposition  was,  therefore,  behind  the  curtain;  just  as  it  was  in 
the  whole  affair  of  the  Seminole  War  and  General  Jackson. 
Mr.  Calhoun  was  earnest  against  the  admission  of  a  discrimi 
nating  principle  avowedly  unfavorable  to  ourselves,  and  I  was 
thus  inclined  also.  The  President  is  for  considering  the  subject 
further.  Wirt  was  not  present  at  this  meeting,  being  engaged 
in  attendance  at  the  Supreme  Court. 

2 1 st.  General  Dearborn  told  me  that  he  had  taken  advantage 
of  a  season  of  comparative  leisure,  when  there  was  not  much  to 
do  in  his  office,  to  pay  a  visit  to  the  city.  He  did  not  tell  me 
the  particular  motive  for  his  visit,  but  I  supposed  he  had  been 
informed  that  there  was  prowling  here  to  supplant  him  in  his 
office,  and  that  it  would  be  well  for  him  to  come  and  take  care 
of  his  own  concerns.  Eustis  has  republican  principle  enough 
to  admire  rotation  in  office,  and  patriotism  enough  to  be  will 
ing  to  serve  his  country  as  Collector  of  the  Customs  at  Boston. 
Dearborn  is  equally  patriotic,  but  not  just  now  so  much  an  ad 
mirer  of  rotation.  This  principle  is,  indeed,  more  congenial  to 
republicans  out  of  than  to  those  in  office. 

Mr.  Ruggles's  visit  was  merely  to  introduce  Mr.  Lilliman. 
General  Vives  was  at  the  office,  and  I  agreed  with  him  upon 
the  arrangements  for  exchanging  the  ratifications  of  the  treaty 


288  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.          [February, 

to-morrow.  We  agreed  to  use  the  same  form  of  certificate  of 
the  exchange  which  had  been  used  by  me  and  Mr.  Onis  on 
exchanging  the  ratifications  of  the  Convention  of  August,  1802  ; 
and  to  execute  three  copies  of  these  certificates  in  each  lan 
guage,  two  of  the  Spanish  and  one  English  copy  to  be  taken 
by  General  Vives,  and  two  of  the  English  and  one  Spanish 
copy  to  be  retained  at  the  Department  of  State.  The  form  in 
which  the  Senate  advised  the  ratification  of  the  treaty  rendered 
it  necessary  to  make  a  new  copy  of  the  very  treaty  itself,  to  be 
delivered  to  General  Vives,  the  copies  made  with  the  former 
ratification  being  now  useless.  I  prepared  a  .draft  of  the  ratifi 
cation  to  be  signed  by  the  President,  and  a  draft  of  the  procla 
mation  of  the  President  to  be  prefixed  to  the  publication  of 
the  treaty  ;  also  a  draft  of  a  message  from  the  President  to 
both  Houses  of  Congress,  communicating  the  treaty  to  them 
as  ratified  and  proclaimed. 

This  drafting  and  copying,  though  merely  matter  of  form, 
gives  anxious  occupation  when  so  much  depends  upon  unerring 
exactness,  especially  in  several  copies,  hastily  made,  of  papers 
in  a  foreign  language.  One  of  the  three  originals  of  the  treaty 
executed  by  me  and  Onis  was  sent  to  the  printers,  to  be  printed 
from,  for  the  copies  with  the  proclamation;  and  I  directed  the 
examination  of  all  the  Spanish  parts  of  the  manuscript  and 
printed  copies  to  be  made  by  Mr.  Moses  Young  and  Mr.  Iron 
side,  the  two  persons  in  the  Department  most  conversant  with 
the  Spanish  language. 

22d.  Ratifications  of  the  Florida  Treaty  exchanged.  General 
Vives  came,  according  to  appointment,  at  one  o'clock,  to  the 
office  of  the  Department  of  State,  with  Mr.  Salmon,  his  Secre 
tary  of  Legation.  Our  preparations  were  not  entirely  com 
pleted  when  he  came,  but  were  ready  within  half  an  hour.  I 
then  took  the  treaty  with  the  King  of  Spain's  ratification  my 
self;  the  General  took  the  treaty  with  the  President's  ratifica 
tion  ;  Mr.  Ironside  held  one  of  the  originals  executed  by  me 
and  Mr.  Onis,  and  Mr.  Salmon  another.  Mr.  Brent  held  the 
printed  copy  with  the  President's  proclamation.  Mr.  Salmon 
read,  from  the  original  in  his  hand,  the  treaty,  all  the  rest  com 
paring  their  respective  copies  as  he  proceeded.  I  read  in  like 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  289 

manner  the  English,  from  the  treaty  which  we  retain  with  the 
Spanish  ratification.  Both  the  ratifications  were  then  exam 
ined  and  found  correct  The  triplicate  certificates  of  the  ex 
change  were  then  signed  and  sealed,  observing  the  alternative 
precedence  of  signature,  as  had  been  done  with  Mr.  Onis. 
General  Vives  and  Mr.  Salmon  then  withdrew,  taking  with 
them  the  treaty  ratified  by  the  President,  and  leaving  that 
with  the  ratification  of  the  King  of  Spain.  I  went  imme 
diately  to  the  President's.  He  signed  the  proclamation  of  the 
ratified  treaty  and  the  messages  to  the  two  Houses  commu 
nicating  it  to  them  as  proclaimed.  The  messages  were  sent, 
and  that  to  the  House  of  Representatives  was  received  while 
the  House  were  in  session.  The  Senate  had  just  adjourned 
when  Mr.  Gouverneur,  who  carried  the  message,  reached  the 
Capitol. 

I  sent  at  the  same  time,  to  both  Houses,  the  report  upon 
weights  and  measures,  prepared  conformably  to  a  resolution 
of  the  Senate  of  3d  March,  1817,  and  one  of  the  House  of 
Representatives  of  the  I4th  of  December,  1819. 

And  thus  have  terminated,  blessed  be  God,  two  of  the  most 
memorable  transactions  of  my  life.  This  day,  two  years  have 
elapsed  since  the  Florida  Treaty  was  signed.  Let  my  sons,  if 
they  ever  consult  this  record  of  their  father's  life,  turn  back  to 
the  reflections  on  the  journal  of  that  day.1  Let  them  meditate 
upon  all  the  vicissitudes  which  have  befallen  the  treaty,  and  of 
which  this  diary  bears  witness,  in  the  interval  between  that  day 
and  this.  Let  them  remark  the  workings  of  private  interests, 
of  perfidious  fraud,  of  sordid  intrigues,  of  royal  treachery,  of 
malignant  rivalry,  and  of  envy  masked  with  patriotism,  playing 
to  and  fro  across  the  Atlantic  into  each  other's  hands,  all  com 
bined  to  destroy  this  treaty  between  the  signature  and  the  rati 
fication,  and  let  them  learn  to  put  their  trust  in  the  overruling 
providence  of  God.  I  considered  the  signature  of  the  treaty  as 
the  most  important  event  of  my  life.  It  was  an  event  of  mag 
nitude  in  the  history  of  this  Union.  The  apparent  conclusion 
of  the  negotiation  had  been  greatly  and  unexpectedly  advanta 
geous  to  this  country.  It  had  at  once  disconcerted  and  stirnu- 

1  Volume  iv.,  page  274,  of  ihe  present  work. 
VOL.  v. — 19 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.          [February, 

lated  my  personal  antagonists  and  rivals.  It  promised  well  for 
my  reputation  in  the  public  opinion.  Under  the  petals  of  this 
garland  of  roses  the  Scapin,  Onis,  had  hidden  a  viper.  His 
mock  sickness,  his  use  of  De  Neuville  as  a  tool  to  perpetrate  a 
fraud  which  he  did  not  dare  attempt  to  carry  through  himself, 
his  double  dealing  before  and  after  the  signature,  his  fraudulent 
declarations  to  me,  and  his  shuffling  equivocations  here  and  in 
Spain,  to  acquire  the  reputation  of  having  duped  the  President 
and  me,  were  but  materials  in  the  hands  of  my  enemies  to  dose 
me  with  poison  extracted  from  the  laurels  of  the  treaty  itself. 
An  ambiguity  of  date,  which  I  had  suffered  to  escape  my 
notice  at  the  signature  of  the  treaty,  amply  guarded  against 
by  the  phraseology  of  the  article,  but  leaving  room  to  chican 
ery  for  a  mere  colorable  question,  was  the  handle  upon  which 
the  King  of  Spain,  his  rapacious  favorites,  and  American  swin 
dling  land-jobbers  in  conjunction,  withheld  the  ratification  of 
the  treaty,  while  Clay  and  his  admirers  here  were  snickering  at 
the  simplicity  with  which  I  had  been  bamboozled  by  the  crafty 
Spaniard.  The  partisans  of  Crawford,  and  Crawford  himself, 
were  exulting  in  the  same  contemplation  of  a  slur  upon  my 
sagacity,  and  delighting  in  the  supposed  failure  of  the  nego 
tiation,  because  its  failure  brought  unavoidable  disgrace  upon 
me.  By  the  goodness  of  that  inscrutable  Providence  which 
entraps  dishonest  artifice  in  its  own  snares,  Onis  divulged  his 
trick  too  soon  for  its  success.  Clay  was  the  first  to  snuff  the 
fragrance  of  this  hopeful  blasting  vapor,  and  to  waft  it  as  his 
tribute  of  incense  to  the  President.  The  demand  of  a  formal 
declaration  by  Spain  that  the  grants  in  question  were  by  the 
treaty  null  and  void,  completely  and  unequivocally  obtained 
at  last,  has  thoroughly  disappointed  all  the  calculators  of  my 
downfall  by  the  Spanish  negotiation,  and  left  me  with  credit 
rather  augmented  than  impaired  by  the  result.  It  now  remains 
for  the  treaty  to  receive  its  execution ;  and  the  aid  of  the  same 
overruling  hand  is  implored,  that  it  may  prove  as  advantageous 
to  this  Union  as  its  warmest  friends  ever  anticipated. 

The  report  on  weights  and  measures  is  a  work  of  a  different 
character.  The  call  of  both  Houses  of  Congress  for  a  report 
upon  a  subject  which  has  occupied  for  the  last  sixty  years  many 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  2$I 

of  the  ablest  men  in  Europe,  and  to  which  all  the  power  and 
all  the  philosophical  and  mathematical  learning  and  ingenuity 
of  France  and  of  Great  Britain  have  been  incessantly  directed, 
was  a  fearful  and  oppressive  task.  It  has  now  been  executed, 
and  it  will  be  for  the  public  judgment  to  pass  upon  it.  The 
manuscript  has  been  seen  only  by  the  Clerks  in  the  Depart 
ment  who  made  copies  of  it,  and  by  Mr.  Calhoun,  the  Secretary 
of  War.  I  communicated  it  to  him,  with  the  request  that  he 
would  peruse  it  and  suggest  any  alterations  which  he  should 
think  advisable.  He  recommended  the  striking  out  "of  a  few 
passages,  amounting  in  the  whole  to  about  half  a  page,  and 
two  or  three  variations  of  expression.  His  opinion  of  the 
work  was  favorable ;  though  he  thinks  the  objection  will  be 
made  that  it  is  too  much  of  a  book  for  a  mere  official  report. 
I  altered  and  erased  every  passage  which  he  disapproved ; 
though  Mr.  Bailey  told  me  he  thought  one  of  them  ought  to 
have  been  spared.  It  is,  after  all  the  time  and  pains  that  I  have 
bestowed  upon  it,  a  hurried  and  imperfect  work ;  but  I  have 
no  reason  to  expect  that  I  shall  ever  be  able  to  accomplish  any 
literary  labor  more  important  to  the  best  ends  of  human  ex 
ertion,  public  utility,  or  upon  which  the  remembrance  of  my 
children  may  dwell  with  more  satisfaction.1  Yet  let  me  trust 
and  hope. 

23d.  Mr.  Ninian  Edwards,  Senator  from  Illinois,  called  at  my 
office,  chiefly  for  the  purpose  of  recommending  several. persons 
for  offices  in  the  new  acquisition  of  Florida.  Among  the  rest, 
he  wishes  Mr.  John  Pope,  of  Kentucky,  to  be  appointed  one 
of  the  three  Commissioners  of  Claims ;  and  also  that  a  Mr. 
Walton,  of  Georgia,  specially  and  most  earnestly  recommended 
by  Mr.  Walker,  the  Senator  from  Georgia,  may  receive  the  ap 
pointment  of  Territorial  Secretary.  The  President  has  already 
written  to  General  Jackson  offering  him  the  office  of  Governor 
of  the  Territory.  I  received  a  note  from  the  President,  with 
a  large  bundle  of  applications  and  recommendations  for  office, 
to  be  classed.  He  also  requested  me  to  call  upon  him  before 
dinner.  I  received  two  notes  from  General  Vives  referring  to 

1  This  work  still  retains  its  reputation.  It  was  republished  in  New  York  in  1871, 
with  a  high  encomium  by  D£.  Davies,  in  a  volume  on  the  metric  system. 


2Q2  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.         [February, 

two  articles  of  the  ratified  treaty,  with  a  demand  of  measures 
for  carrying  them  into  execution.  I  took  them  to  the  Presi 
dent,  and  had  his  assent  to  the  answers  which  I  propose  to  give 
them. 

The  President  read  to  me  some  detached  paragraphs  of  the 
address  which  he  proposes  to  deliver  at  his  second  inaugura 
tion.  Some  question  has  been  suggested  to  the  President 
whether  he  should  deliver  on  that  occasion  any  address  ;  some 
of  his  Virginian  friends  having  taken  a  fancy  that  it  is  anti- 
republican  and  not  authorized  by  the  Constitution.  I  enter 
tained  no  such  opinion,  but  told  him  that  if  he  concluded  to 
omit  the  address,  notice  of  his  intention  should  be  given  in  the 
newspapers,  as  there  would  be  a  great  concourse  of  people  to 
witness  his  taking  the  oath,  and  they  would  be  much  disap 
pointed  if  there  should  be  nothing  but  that  naked  ceremony. 
He  will  refer  the  question  to  a  Cabinet  consultation. 

The  President  also  mentioned  to  me  that  Mr.  Leavitt  Harris 
had  been  with  him  and  exhibited  to  him  a  number  of  letters 
which  he  (Harris)  had  received  from  me,  some  of  them  highly 
confidential ;  that  Harris  had  told  him  the  trial  of  his  action 
against  W.  D.  Lewis  for  slander  was  expected  soon  to  come 
on  at  Philadelphia.  I  received  last  week  a  letter  from  Lewis 
informing  me  that  a  commission  from  the  Court  had  issued  to 
take  my  deposition.  The  President  said  Harris  had  told  him 
that  he  should  prove  at  the  trial  that  all  the  witnesses  against 
him  in  Russia  were  perjured  villains,  and  had  intimated  that  if 
I  should  testify  to  anything  which  I  had  heard  against  him 
from  them,  he  might  be  compelled  in  his  own  defence  to  pro 
duce  to  the  Court  and  jury  these  confidential  letters  from  me, 
written,  some  of  them,  after  I  had  left  Russia,  to  prove  that  I 
considered  him  still  as  a  person  worthy  of  confidence.  But 
there  were  passages  in  the  letters,  not  relevant  to  the  cause  upon 
trial,  which  it  might  not  be  for  the  public  interest,  or  which  I 
might  be  personally  unwilling,  to  disclose  to  public  view;  and 
Harris  said  he  had  brought  the  letters  that  the  President  and 
I  myself  might  mark  the  passages  which  we  would  wish  to 
have  withheld  from  the  Court  and  jury.  Harris  had  read  to 
the  President  several  passages  which  he^ himself  considered  as 


1 82 1.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


293 


of  that  character,  and  particularly  one  of  a  letter  from  Ghent, 
written  towards  the  close  of  the  year  1814,  and  which  took  a 
gloomy  view  of  the  state  of  public  affairs  at  that  time.  Harris 
had  not  left  the  letters  with  the  President,  but  the  paragraph 
spoke  of  Great  Britain,  of  the  other  European  powers,  and  of 
our  own  affairs,  in  a  manner  which  might  have  some  unfavor 
able  effect  if  now  published — not  in  the  slightest  degree  upon 
my  patriotism  or  integrity,  but  it  might  excite  a  temporary 
prejudice  against  me,  particularly  on  the  score  of  discretion  in 
committing  such  sentiments  to  a  European  post-office  at  that 
time.  The  President  said  he  had  not  promised  Harris  that  he 
would  speak  to  me  on  the  subject  at  all.  He  had  for  some 
time  hesitated  whether  he  should  mention  it  to  me,  but  he 
had  finally  concluded  to  make  this  communication  to  me  and 
leave  me  to  determine  for  myself  what  it  would  be  proper  for 
me  to  do.  If  the  information  that  I  had,  unfavorable  to  Harris, 
was  merely  of  hearsay  from  these  persons  in  Russia,  I  might 
with  propriety  decline  giving  testimony  in  the  case. 

I  told  the  President  that  my  knowledge  of  Harris's  conduct 
as  implicated  in  the  trial  of  this  cause  was  by  no  means  limited 
to  hearsay.  I  knew  much  from  personal  observation,  and  most 
of  all  from  Harris's  own  admissions;  that  I  wrote  confidentially 
to  Harris  upon  public  affairs  I  well  remembered;  and  that  there 
might  be  in  those  letters  many  indiscretions  and  many  things 
not  suitable  to  the  public  eye,  was  highly  probable.  How  far 
a  Court  of  Justice  would  admit  the  production  of  such  papers, 
having  no  relation  to  the  cause  before  them,  I  knew  not;  but  if 
they  were  to  be  produced  for  the  purpose  of  discrediting  my 
testimony,  whatever  their  effect  might  be,  I  must  abide  by  the 
consequences.  I  then  added  that  I  could  not  but  consider  this 
application  of  Mr.  Harris  as  very  extraordinary,  nor  was  it  pos 
sible  for  me  to  avoid  ascribing  it  to  motives  which  I  could  not 
approve.  It  had  the  appearance  of  an  attempt  to  deter  me  from 
testifying  what  I  do  know,  by  a  threat  of  divulging  something 
which  I  might  be  afraid  should  be  known  of  myself.  Such  a 
threat  I  could  treat  no  otherwise  than  with  defiance.  I  should 
testify  of  Mr.  Harris  nothing  but  the  truth,  nor  should  I  say 
one  word  the  more  or  the  less  for  anything  that  it  was  in 


204  ME  AW  IRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [February, 

Mr.  Harris's  power  to  produce  as  having  passed  between  him 
and  me. 

The  President  said  that  he  had  told  Harris  that  this  step 
would  be  liable  to  such  a  construction  on  my  part,  and  it  had 
been  his  own  reason  for  doubting  whether  he  ought  to  have 
mentioned  it  to  me  at  all.  But  he  should  see  Harris  again,  and 
would  tell  him  that  he  should  decline  all  further  interposition 
in  the  case. 

On  returning  home  from  the  President's,  I  looked  into  my 
old  letter  books,  and  found  in  the  Public  Letter  Book,  volume 
ii.,  all  the  letters  to  Harris  which  I  wrote  him  from  Ghent,  and 
among  the  rest  the  letter  from  which  he  had  read  the  extract 
to  the  President.  I  saw  immediately  Harris's  drift,  first,  in 
reading  this  extract  to  the  President;  secondly,  in  the  threat  of 
producing  it  to  the  Court  and  jury ;  and,  thirdly,  in  the  offer  to 
withhold  it  if  the  President  or  I  would  express  the  wish  that  it 
should  be  withheld.  It  is  in  pages  192.  193,  of  the  Letter  Book, 
dated  the  i6th  of  November,  1814.  In  describing  the  dangers 
of  our  situation,  it  said,  among  other  things,  that  we  had  a 
"  feeble  and  penurious  government."  Harris  thought  the  Pres 
ident  would  take  this  as  a  reflection  upon  the  Administration 
of  that  time,  and  that  it  would  excite  his  distrust  of  me.  The 
extract  spoke  in  terms  of  extreme  bitterness  against  the  British 
Government  and  certain  British  officers  by  name.  It  spoke  of 
the  policy  pursued  by  the  other  powers  of  Europe,  not  except 
ing  Russia,  with  anger  and  indignation.  In  my  present  public 
situation,  I  might  be  very  unwilling  that  the  British  Govern 
ment  should  know  what  I  thought  of  them  then.  The  extract 
spoke  of  the  retreat  of  the  British  from  Plattsburg,  and  of  their 
repulse  from  Baltimore,  as  more  disgraceful  to  them  than 
glorious  to  us — the  publication  of  which  would  wound  the 
national  pride  of  the  country.  All  this  had  no  more  relation 
to  the  cause  of  Harris  upon  trial  than  it  had  to  the  trial  of 
Jonathan  Wild  the  great;  but  Harris  fancied  I  should  be  afraid 
of  having  it  come  before  the  public,  and  took  this  indirect  way 
through  the  President  to  remind  me  of  what  he  can  do  if  hard 
pushed,  and,  above  all,  to  deter  me  from  producing  his  letters  of 
3d,  4th,  and  6th  June,  1812.  My  course  of  proceeding  was  at 


1 82 1.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  2C)$ 

once  plain  before  me — to  tell  the  President  that  Harris  might 
produce  any  letter  from  me  that  he  possessed,  and  to  explain 
to  him  my  motives,  which  I  perfectly  recollected,  for  writing  to 
Harris  that  letter  at  that  time. 

24th.  I  called  at  the  President's  with  a  note  received  of  yes 
terday's  date  from  the  French  Minister,  Hyde  de  Neuville.  I 
sent  him  two  or  three  days  since  the  copy  of  a  full  power,  made 
out  by  the  President's  direction,  authorizing  me  to  treat  with 
him  upon  commercial  arrangements.  The  note  of  yesterday 
was  introductory  to  the  negotiation.  Its  principal  object  was 
to  ask  an  answer  to  a  long  letter  which  De  Neuville  had 
written  to  me  the  i6th  of  June,  1818,  upon  a  claim  raised  by 
the  French  Government  upon  the  eighth  article  of  the  Louisiana 
cession  Treaty.  I  had  already  answered  one  long  note  of  his 
upon  the  subject,  and  had  left  his  reply  unanswered,  only  to 
avoid  altercation  upon  a  claim  which  had  no  substance  and 
upon  which  my  answer  to  his  first  letter  was  of  itself  a  sufficient 
answer  to  his  reply.  But  when  after  the  Act  of  Congress  of 
1 5th  May  last,  and  the  retaliatory  ordinances  of  the  King  of 
France  of  26th  July,  the  French  Government  had  been  dragged 
into  this  negotiation,  finding  themselves  unanswerably  pressed 
by  notes  of  great  ability  from  Gallatin,  they  started  from  the 
course  by  setting  up  again  this  Louisiana  claim  and  declaring 
it  indispensably  connected  with  the  arrangement  of  the  ques 
tion  upon  discriminating  duties.  And  as  Mr.  Gallatin  was  not 
instructed  upon  the  Louisiana  claim,  they  made  this  a  pretext 
for  transferring  the  negotiation  here,  and  sending  De  Neuville 
back  here  to  finish  it,  with  an  ulterior  destination  to  Brazil, 
held  out  to  our  cotton-planters  "  in  terrorem."  His  letter  now 
calls  for  an  answer  to  his  old  one  of  June,  1818,  and  hints  at 
two  other  affairs,  meaning  the  cases  of  the  Apollon  and  Eugenie, 
as  also  requiring  adjustment  before  we  can  come  to  the  settle 
ment  of  commercial  interests. 

The  President  thought  the  first  thing  to  be  done  was  to 
answer  the  old  Louisiana  claim  letter,  and  to  offer  to  dismiss 
the  suit  against  the  Apollon  and  restore  the  vessel  to  the  cap 
tain. 

I  told  the  President  that  I  had  found  in  my  letter  books  the 


296  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.          [February, 

letters  from  which  Mr.  Harris  had  read  passages  to  him,  and 
particularly  that  of  which  he  had  yesterday  mentioned  to  me 
the  substance.  I  explained  to  him  the  motives  for  writing  it, 
which  were  altogether  of  a  public  nature — to  prepare  him,  and 
through  him,  as  far  as  I  was  able,  the  people  in  power  in  Russia, 
for  the  unfavorable  result  of  that  campaign,  which  there  was 
every  reason  to  expect;  to  impress  them  with  the  idea  that, 
notwithstanding  all  our  distresses  and  disasters  at  that  time, 
we  should  ultimately  triumph  over  them  all ;  and  to  stimulate 
the  Russian  Government  itself  to  take  an  active  interest  in  our 
favor  by  showing  that  our  cause  was,  in  a  great  measure,  their 
own.  The  expression  of  a  "  feeble  and  penurious  government," 
I  said  he  had,  I  presumed,  understood  as  referring  not  to  the 
Executive  Administration,  but  particularly  to  the  inefficient 
measures  of  Congress  at  that  time.  The  President  said  that  in 
substance  it  was  no  more  than  he  had  himself  said  in  his  offi 
cial  reports.  I  observed  that  in  my  present  situation  the  British 
and  Russian  Governments  might  be  displeased  if  they  should 
see  my  animadversions  upon  their  policy  as  then  pursued ;  but 
they  would  doubtless  recollect,  and  lay  to  their  own  hearts, 
the  feelings  under  which  it  was  written,  and  not  expect  the 
courtesy  of  peace  under  the  instigations  of  war.  In  every  other 
respect,  I  said,  I  could  have  no  objection  to  any  publicity  that 
Mr.  Harris  could  give  to  that,  or  any  other  letter  from  me. 

The  Baron  de  Neuville  came  to  the  office  and  had  a  con 
ference  with  me.  I  told  him  I  should  very  shortly  send  him  an 
answer  to  his  Louisiana  claim  letter  of  1818,  which  had  hitherto 
remained  unanswered  only  because  it  had  been  thought  worse 
than  useless  to  prolong  an  unprofitable  controversy.  As  to  the 
case  of  the  Apollon,  I  told  him  that  the  vessel  being  under 
seizure  for  a  violation  of  the  revenue  laws,  the  decision  of  the 
Court  would  determine  whether  the  seizure  had  been  legal  or 
not.  If  legal,  the  laws  must  of  course  have  their  execution. 
If  not  legal,  the  captain  and  all  persons  interested  in  the  prop 
erty  had  their  remedy  in  the  same  Court  against  the  persons 
who  had  made  the  seizure. 

He  said  that  the  injury  had  not  been  to  the  captain  and 
owners  of  the  Apollon  alone.  The  commerce  of  France  had 


iS2i.J  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  297 

been,  in  consequence  of  that  seizure,  for  many  months  deprived 
of  the  resort  to  the  Florida  side  of  St.  Mary's  River,  and  of 
trading  from  thence  with  the  United  States.  The  fact  was,  that 
the  merchants  in  France  had  consulted  the  King's  Council,  and 
enquired  whether  they  could  send  their  ships  in  this  manner  to 
St.  Mary's  River,  and  he  himself  had  advised  the  answer  given 
by  the  Council,  that  they  might. 

I  told  him  this  was  a  thing  upon  which  we  could  of  course 
not  negotiate ;  and  he  again  said  he  was  willing  to  leave  it  to 
be  explained  in  France  by  Mr.  Gallatin. 

This  last  disclosure  explains  the  extraordinary  and  hitherto 
unaccountable  irritation  which  he,  and  R.oth  before  him,  mani 
fested  at  this  seizure  of  the  Apollon.  The  French  Government 
itself,  and  by  his  advice,  had  become  a  party  to  this  projected 
system  for  evading  our  tonnage  duties.  The  seizure  of  the 
Apollon  disconcerted  them  all,  and  made  the  Government  itself 
in  some  sort  responsible  to  their  merchants  for  the  advice 
given  them.  The  Baron  does  not  seem  to  be  aware  how  this 
operates  as  a  justification  to  us  for  counteracting  this  royal 
scheme  of  contraband.  It  is  apparent  that  De  Neuville  intends 
to  make  this  affair  a  very  prominent  point  in  the  failure  of  his 
negotiation. 

25th.  Hopkinson1  dined  with  us,  and,  according  to  his  en 
gagement,  came  and  sat  with  me  an  hour  before  dinner.  The 
object  of  his  seeking  this  conversation  with  me  was  the  next 
Presidential  election.  He  gave  me  to  understand  that  he  was 
disposed  to  consider  me  as  a  candidate  for  that  occasion ;  that 
others  were  of  similar  disposition,  but  that  it  was  necessary 
there  should  be  a  concert  and  understanding  between  them,  as 
there  already  was,  and  long  had  been,  between  the  partisans  of 
Mr.  Crawford.  He  said  that  the  extent  and  activity  of  their 
intrigues  was  incredible,  and  unless  systematically  counteracted 
would  infallibly  be  successful. 

I   told    Mr.  Hopkinson   that   I  was   perfectly  aware   of  the 

1  Joseph  Hopkinson,  an  eminent  member  of  the  bar  of  Philadelphia,  a  member 
of  the  House  of  Representatives  from  181^  to  1819,  and  afterwards  appointed  by 
Mr.  Adams  Judge  of  the  Eastern  District  of  Pennsylvania,  an  office  which  he  held 
until  his  death,  in  1842. 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [February, 

exertions  making  by  Mr.  Crawford  himself  and  his  friends  to 
secure  the  Presidency  at  the  next  election.  There  were  others 
making  exertions  not  less  ardent  and  persevering  for  Mr.  Clin 
ton,  of  New  York.  There  was  a  third  party,  less  apparent  now, 
and  the  struggle  of  which  was  eventual,  to  depend  upon  the 
conflict  now  raging  in  that  State  between  Clinton  and  Tomp- 
kins.  The  State  was  now  about  equally  divided,  and,  as  there 
is  no  marked  difference  of  principle  to  contend  for,  they  are 
squabbling  for  men.  If  either  party  should  obtain  over  the 
other  such  an  ascendency  as  would  carry  a  large  majority  of 
the  State,  its  leader  would  be  the  candidate  of  New  York  for 
the  Presidency.  The  only  question  between  them  will  be 
which  shall  be  the  man.  New  York,  at  any  rate,  will  have  a 
candidate  of  her  own,  and  if  both  these  rivals  should  be  out 
of  the  way  she  would  sooner  take  up  Mr.  King  than  resort  to 
any  other  State.  The  politics  of  Pennsylvania  will  be  greatly 
influenced  by  those  of  New  York.  She  too  is  a  divided  State  ; 
but  the  scuffle  for  her  Governor  is  between  men  neither  of 
whom  has  any  prospects  in  the  General  Government.  She  will 
probably  be  an  accessory  to  New  York.  Whether  any  party, 
or  any  one  individual,  would  support  or  propose  me  as  a  can 
didate,  I  could  not  tell ;  but  even  in  my  own  native  State  of 
Massachusetts  the  predominating  party,  the  federalists,  had  a 
grudge  against  me,  which  they  would  not  lose  the  opportunity 
of  indulging.  To  one  thing,  however,  I  had  made  up  my  mind: 
I  would  take  no  one  step  to  advance  or  promote  pretensions  to 
the  Presidency.  If  that  office  was  to  be  the  prize  of  cabal  and 
intrigue,  of  purchasing  newspapers,  bribing  by  appointments, 
or  bargaining  for  foreign  missions,  I  had  no  ticket  in  that 
lottery.  Whether  I  had  the  qualifications  necessary  for  a 
President  of  the  United  States  was,  to  say  the  least,  very 
doubtful  to  myself.  But  that  I  had  no  talent  for  obtaining  the 
office  by  such  means  was  perfectly  clear.  I  had  neither  talent 
nor  inclination  for  intrigue.  I  can  do  nothing  either  to  canvass 
for  myself  or  to  counteract  the  canvassing  of  others.  I  will 
have  no  stipendiary  editor  of  newspapers  to  extol  my  talents 
and  services  and  to  criticise  or  calumniate  my  rivals.  I  will 
devote  none  of  my  time  to  devising  laws  to  increase  my  own 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  2QQ 

patronage  and  multiply  canvassers  in  my  favor.  My  time  is 
now  not  sufficient  to  discharge  the  duties  of  my  office  ;  any 
part  of  it  which  I  should  spend  in  efforts  to  make  partisans  or 
to  pull  down  competitors  would  be  an  abandonment  of  public 
for  personal  aims.  For  this,  if  I  had  the  talent,  I  have  not  the 
will ;  and  if  I  had  the  will,  I  have  not  the  talent. 

Hopkinson  said  that  this  very  abstraction  from  all  intrigues 
would  be  my  principal  recommendation;  that  Crawford,  having 
nothing  but  intrigue  to  'support  him,  having  manifested  utter 
incompetency  to  the  very  Department  with  which  he  is  charged, 
having  never  rendered  one  signal  service  to  the  country,  and 
having  a  standing  manifesto  of  charges  affecting  his  honor  as 
a  gentleman  in  the  pamphlet  of  Governor  Clarke  against  him, 
would  make  no  head,  unless  by  mere  want  of  management  in 
opposing  him  ;  that  Clinton  had  embroiled  himself  too  much 
in  the  turmoil  of  his  own  passions,  and  in  his  denunciation 
of  the  General  Government  had  completely  failed  of  substan 
tiating  his  charges.  The  prospects  of  Tompkins  he  thought 
were  no  better.  He  was  deeply  involved  in  debt,  and  stood 
equivocally  before  the  public  in  relation  to  the  settlement 
of  his  accounts.  Mr.  King  had  no  chance ;  and  he  thought  I 
was  mistaken  in  believing  that  the  Massachusetts  federalists 
retained  their  animosity  against  me.  And  he  alluded  to  the 
manner  in  which  they  had  recently  conferred  distinguished 
honors  upon  my  father.  He  said  if  I  should  go  to  Boston 
next  summer  he  hoped  I  should  not  entertain  this  opinion  of 
the  federalists,  nor  express  it,  and  he  intimated  that  Webster 
and  Hale  had  been  last  Sunday  dissatisfied  with  opinions  which 
I  had  expressed  relative  to  the  trial  of  the  Queen  of  England, 
which  he  noticed  only  to  mark  what  seemingly  trifling  inci 
dents  affected  the  opinions  of  men. 

We  pursued  this  conversation  no  further;  but  this,  as  well  as 
the  conversations  with  Allison  and  some  others,  gives  me  warn 
ing  of  what  I  am  to  expect.  If  there  has  ever  been  an  election 
of  a  President  of  the  United  States  without  canvassing  and  in 
trigue,  there  has  been  none  since  that  of  my  father.  There  will 
probably  never  be  another.  The  materials  for  canvassing  are, 
and  for  some  time  have  been,  plentifully  offered  to  me  and 


300  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [February, 

pressed  upon  me.  I  cannot  be  ignorant  of  the  consequences 
of  declining  these  offers,  but  I  could  not  accept  them  with  satis 
faction  to  myself,  or  with  that  consciousness  of  right  which  I 
never  have  forfeited,  and  which  is  dearer  to  me  than  any  station 
to  which  it  is  in  the  power  of  man  or  fortune  to  raise  me. 

26th.  The  pressure  of  business  upon  me,  public  and  private, 
is  excessive.  The  message  of  the  President  to  both  Houses  of 
Congress  communicating  the  Florida  Treaty  was  referred  in  the 
House  of  Representatives  to  the  Corrlmittee  of  Foreign  Rela 
tions,  the  chairman  of  which  (Mr.  Lowndes)  is  yet  confined  to 
his  chamber.  The  next  member  of  the  committee  is  Mr.  John 
Randolph,  whose  dispositions  were  so  dubious,  and  his  con 
duct  so  eccentric,  that  it  was  scarcely  possible  to  know  what 
they  would  do.  A  majority  of  the  seven  members  of  the 
committee  were,  however,  friendly  to  the  Administration,  and 
I  spoke  upon  the  subject  on  Saturday  to  Mr.  Dickinson,  of 
New  York,  who  is  one  of  them,  and  who  called  upon  other 
business  at  my  office.  He  said  he  would  see  to  have  the  com- 
mitteercalled  together.  Mr.  Randolph  afterwards  called  at  the 
President's,  and  declared  his  readiness  and  disposition  to  give 
every  aid  and  facility  in  his  power  to  the  measures  which 
might  be  contemplated  by  the  Executive  for  carrying  the 
treaty  into  execution.  This  day  Mr.  H.  Nelson,  of  Virginia, 
who  is  also  a  member  of  the  committee,  called  at  the  Presi 
dent's  while  I  was  there,  and  asked  for  minutes  of  the  heads  of 
an  Act  such  as  would  meet  the  views  of  the  Executive.  The 
President  desired  me  to  make  the  minutes  for  such  an  Act, 
which  I  did,  combining  the  precedents  of  the  Acts  for  taking 
possession  of  Louisiana  with  provisions  for  the  establishment 
of  the  commission  for  claims. 

The  affairs  of  R.  W.  Meade  and  Leavitt  Harris  absorb  also 
a  great  portion  of  my  time.  Meade's  memorial  to  the  House 
of  Representatives  was  referred  to  the  Committee  of  Foreign 
Relations,  and  will  ultimately  come  to  be  discussed  again  by 
the  Secretary  of  State.  A  copy  has  been  furnished  him  of  my 
report  to  the  President  upon  his  memorial.  The  memorial  itself 
was  written  by  Walter  Jones,  late  District  Attorney  here,  but 
who  has  lately  resigned  that  office  in  discontent  and  apparent 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  30 1 

delinquency.  Mr.  W.  R.  King,  the  Senator  from  Alabama, 
and  one  of  the  Commissioners  for  taking  my  deposition  in  the 
case  of  L.  Harris  against  W.  D.  Lewis,  at  Philadelphia,  sent  me 
the  commission  and  interrogatories  on  Saturday,  requesting  me 
to  assign  a  time  when  I  can  appear  before  the  Commissioners 
and  be  sworn  to  my  answers.  But  he  says  they  must  not  be 
in  my  own  handwriting.  They  must  then  be  copied  from  it, 
for  I  cannot  answer  the  interrogatories  without  reviewing  all 
the  political  transactions  during  the  five  years  of  my  residence 
in  Russia.  I  find  also  the  necessity  of  referring  to  the  papers 
which,  by  direction  of  the  President,  were  delivered  to  Harris 
on  the  nth  of  December,  1819,  and  I  wrote  him  a  letter  this 
day  requiring  him  to  return  them,  with  a  promise  that  if  any 
of  them  should  be  wanted  by  him  as  evidence  upon  the  trial  of 
his  cause,  he  shall  have  them  again  for  that  purpose.  I  began 
the  answers  to  the  interrogatories  this  day,  and  was  occupied 
in  looking  up  the  papers  necessary  for  my  testimony,  upon  my 
files  of  the  mission  in  Russia. 

The  Missouri  question  is  still  laboring  in  Congress.  On 
the  23d,  upon  a  motion  made  the  day  before  by  Mr.  Clay, 
the  House  of  Representatives  chose  by  ballot  a  committee  of 
twenty-three  members,  who  were  joined  by  a  committee  of 
seven  from  the  Senate,  and  their  object  was  a  last  attempt  to 
devise  a  plan  for  admitting  Missouri  into  the  Union.  This  day 
Mr.  Clay  made  to  the  House  the  report  of  this  committee. 
They  propose  a  conditional  admission,  upon  terms  more  hu 
miliating  to  the  people  of  Missouri  than  it  would  be  to  require 
that  they  should  expunge  the  exceptionable  article  from  their 
Constitution,  for  they  declare  it  a  fundamental  condition  of 
their  admission  that  the  article  shall  never  be  construed  to 
authorize  the  passage  of  any  law  by  which  any  citizen  of  either 
of  the  States  in  this  Union  shall  be  excluded  from  his  privileges 
under  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States ;  and  they  require 
that  the  Legislature  of  the  State,  by  a  solemn  public  Act,  should 
declare  the  assent  of  the  State  to  this  condition,  and  transmit  a 
copy  of  the  Act  by  the  first  Monday  of  November  next  to  the 
President  of  the  United  States ;  but  in  substance  it  binds  them 
to  nothing.  The  resolution  was,  however,  taken  up  this  day 


202  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [February, 

in  the  House,  read  three  times,  and  passed,  by  a  vote  of  eighty- 
seven  to  eighty-one. 

A  joint  committee  of  both  Houses  of  Congress  waited  this 
day  upon  the  President  and  informed  him  of  his  re-election. 
The  President  told  them  that  he  proposed  to  take  the  oath  of 
office  next  Monday.  The  4th  of  March,  the  day  upon  which 
the  Presidential  term  of  four  years  commences,  happens  this 
year  to  fall  on  Sunday,  for  the  first  time  since  the  establishment 
of  the  present  Constitution,  and  the  question  occurred  whether 
the  President  should  take  the  official  oath  on  that  day  or  post 
pone  it  to  the  next.  •  He  wrote  to  the  Chief  Justice  of  the 
Supreme  Court  requesting  their  opinion  upon  it,  and  they  ad 
vised  postponing  the  ceremony  till  Monday.  The  question 
yet  remains  undetermined  whether  any  inaugural  address  is  to 
be  delivered  or  not. 

27th.  Mr.  Freeman  Walker,  the  Senator  from  Georgia,  and 
the  Baron  Hyde  cle  Neuville,  came  to  the  office.  Walker's 
object  was  most  earnestly  to  recommend  a  friend  of  his  by  the 
name  of  Walton  to  be  Secretary  for  the  new  Territory  of 
Florida.  De  Neuville's  purpose  related  to  the  remission  of  the 
retaliatory  discriminating  duties  imposed  by  the  Act  of  Con 
gress  of  the  1 5th  of  May  last,  and  by  the  ordinance  of  the  King 
of  France  of  26th  July,  so  far  as  they  operated  upon  persons 
not  having  notice  of  them.  The  Act  of  Congress  imposed  a 
tonnage  duty  of  eighteen  dollars  a  ton  upon  French  vessels, 
and  was  made  to  commence  on  the  1st  of  July.  The  French 
ordinance  was  even  retrospective,  and  applied  to  American 
vessels  which  had  sailed  from  the  United  States  after  the  I5th 
of  June.  Several  French  vessels  which  had  sailed  from  France 
before  the  Act  was  known  there  to  exist  have  been  required 
to  pay  the  tonnage  duty.  One  American  vessel  has  been  in  a 
similar  predicament  in  France.  It  was  recommended  by  the 
President  to  Congress  at  the  commencement  of  the  session  to 
authorize  the  remission  of  all  the  duties  levied  on  vessels  not 
having  had  notice  of  the  Act.  A  bill  for  that  purpose  was  pre 
pared  in  the  House  of  Representatives,  but  has  been  left  pend 
ing  upon  a  proposal  to  insert  a  proviso  making  it  conditional 
upon  the  reciprocal  remission  on  the  part  of  France.  Since  the 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  303 

arrival  of  the  Baron,  he  has  declared  himself  ready  to  engage 
for  the  remission  in  France,  and  I  urged  the  Chairman  of  the 
Committee  of  Ways  and  Means  and  some  other  members  of 
the  House  to  pass  the  bill  without  annexing  any  condition, 
which  was  accordingly  done  in  the  House  this  day. 

I  had  also  much  desultory  conversation  with  the  Baron  upon 
the  other  objects  of  his  mission,  but  see  no  prospect  of  its  suc 
cessful  termination.  He  has  repeatedly  suggested  the  mutual 
repeal  of  the  Act  of  I5th  May  last,  and  of  the  royal  ordinance 
of  26th  July,  so  as  to  commence  the  negotiation  upon  the 
"  statu  quo"  before  either  of  them.  If  the  object  of  this  were 
only  to  save  the  pride  of  France  from  the  appearance  of  making 
concessions  upon  compulsion,  I  should  be  for  indulging  her; 
but  it  would  throw  the  issue  of  the  negotiation  into  her  hands, 
and  from  the  tenor  of  his  conversation  it  is  clear  they  are  not 
prepared  for  any  terms  to  which  we  can  agree.  I  have  there 
fore  told  him  that,  although  the  amount  of  the  tonnage  duty 
imposed  by  the  Act  of  I5th  May  might  perhaps  be  higher 
than  was  absolutely  necessary,  some  such  measure  was  indis 
pensable ;  even  the  present  state  of  things  was  unequivocally 
better  for  us  than  the  "statu  quo"  before  the  Act  of  I5th 
May.  I  called  at  the  President's.  The  Committee  of  Foreign 
Relations  sent  back  the  minutes  I  had  made  as  heads  for  a 
bill,  with  a  request  for  a  draft  of  a  bill,  which  I  accordingly 
prepared  and  sent,  and  which  was  reported  to  the  House  this 
day  by  Mr.  H.  Nelson  from  the  Committee  of  Foreign  Rela 
tions.  Mr.  Clay,  either  having  sufficient  occupation  upon  other 
affairs,  or  special  motives  for  a  suspension  of  hostilities  against 
me  at  this  moment,  made  no  opposition  to  the  measure,  nor 
any  invidious  remark  upon  the  intercourse  between  the  com 
mittee  and  a  head  of  an  Executive  Department.  The  Senate 
have  passed  two  bills,  one  for  the  adjustment  of  the  claims,  and 
the  other  for  authorizing  the  President  to  take  possession  of 
the  Territories.  The  House  referred  them  both,  together  with 
their  own  bill,  to  a  committee  of  the  whole  on  the  state  of  the 
Union. 

Daniel  Pope  Cook  was  at  my  house  this  morning;  he  has 
friends  to  recommend  for  appointments,  and,  in  that  sort  of  jest 


304  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [February, 

which  has  serious  meaning,  desired  my  wife  to  advise  me  not 
to  break  my  own  neck.  Cook  is  the  only  Representative  in 
Congress  from  the  State  of  Illinois;  which  State  will  still  have 
only  one  Representative  under  the  new  census.  It  has  already 
been  foreseen  by  Messrs.  Crawford  and  Clinton,  and  their 
respective  partisans,  that  the  most  probable  result  of  the  next 
Presidential  election  will  be  no  positive  majority  of  the  Electoral 
College  for  any  candidate,  so  that  the  choice  will  fall  to  the 
House  of  Representatives.  And  as  upon  that  choice  the  vote 
is  not  individual,  but  by  States,  the  single  Representative  from 
Illinois  will  balance  a  whole  delegation  from  New  York  or 
Pennsylvania.  Cook  is  known  to  be  a  friend  of  mine,  and,  as 
well  as  Mr.  Edwards,  the  Senator,  is  a  family  relation  of  John 
Pope,  of  Kentucky,  the  depressed  but  always  formidable  rival 
of  Clay.  There  has  been,  therefore,  and  will  continue  to  be, 
a  violent  and  persevering  struggle  to  supplant  Cook ;  and  the 
concert  of  operations  here  is  managed  by  Jesse  B.  Thomas,  the 
other  Senator  from  the  State,  and  with  at  least  all  the  weight 
and  influence  of  Crawford.  The  President,  whose  intention  for 
the  next  Presidential  election  may  be  neutrality,  but  whose 
leaning  is  to  Crawford,  as  a  Virginian,  Southern  man,  and 
slave-holder,  indulges  Crawford  in  all  his  views  of  appoint 
ments.  Edwards  and  Cook,  therefore,  can  scarcely  ever  obtain 
any  appointment  for  their  friends,  but  almost  the  whole  distri 
bution  of  offices  has  been  to  their  most  active  and  inveterate 
enemies.  This  exasperates  them  the  more  because  they  have 
been  the  uniform  supporters  and  champions  of  the  President 
and  his  Administration  against  that  disguised  and  insidious 
but  most  venomous  opposition  which  Crawford  has  pursued 
against  it.  Cook  and  Edwards  are  of  opinion  that  my  acqui 
escence  in  this  course  of  things  is  a  deficiency  both  of  judgment 
and  spirit ;  that  I  ought  to  take  an  earnest  and  decisive  part 
in  this  bestowal  of  appointments,  and  meet  Crawford  upon 
his  own  ground.  And,  as  I  have  forborne  to  do  this,  Cook 
intimates  that  I  shall  break  my  own  neck.  Yet  my  conduct 
is  governed  by  a  sense  of  duty  and  of  delicacy  alone.  This 
subject  of  the  next  Presidential  election  comes  up  in  forms 
almost  numberless. 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  305 

My  wife  had  this  evening  her  weekly  tea-party,  which  was 
very  numerously  attended.  Among  the  company  was  Henry 
Brush,  of  Ohio,  a  member  of  the  present  Congress,  but  not 
re-elected  to  the  next.  In  the  course  of  the  evening  he  told 
me,  commencing  rather  abruptly  the  conversation,  that  he  had 
made  up  his  mind  that  I  was  the  most  suitable  person  for  the 
next  Presidency,  though  he  had  never  before  expressed  this 
opinion  to  any  one.  I  told  him  that  I  was  obliged  to  him  for 
his  good  opinion ;  but  that  four  years  was  too  long  a  term  to 
look  forward  for  candidates  on  that  occasion.  He  said  that 
from  this  time  all  parties  would  be  looking  forward  to  that 
period;  that  with  regard  to  Mr.  Clay,  his  political  conduct  had 
been  somewhat  actuated  by  his  situation  and  the  irritation  of 
circumstances.  His  views  had  been  pointedly  in  opposition  to 
mine,  but  he  (Brush)  had  recently  had  conversation  with  Clay 
on  the  subject,  and  Clay  had  assured  him  that  he  entertained 
towards  me  no  unfriendly  or  disrespectful  sentiment  whatever. 
Brush  said  he  had  been  gratified  at  this  assurance,  and  wished 
there  might  be  a  good  understanding  between  Clay  and  me; 
that  Clay  must  be  a  public  man  in  this  country,  as  the  West 
ern  people  would  certainly  insist  upon  it.  I  told  Brush  that  I 
could  have  no  possible  objection  to  Clay's  being  a  public  man 
and  just  what  the  Western  people  would  wish  to  make  him. 
There  had  never  been  between  him  and  me  any  ill  understand 
ing  of  my  seeking.  I  had  never  stood  in  his  way;  he  had  occa 
sionally  thought  fit  to  throw  himself  athwart  of  mine.  This 
session  of  Congress  he  had  suspended  hostilities,  but  the  three 
preceding  sessions  he  had  kept  them  up  without  intermission, 
in  a  manner,  to  say  the  least,  not  magnanimous—by  sneers 
and  sarcasms  in  the  House  of  Representatives,  where  I  could 
not  be  present  for  defence  or  retaliation,  and  by  virulent  abuse 
in  the  newspapers,  unanswerable  by  me  because  anonymous. 
But  I  well  understood  the  character  of  Mr.  Clay,  and  rendered 
full  justice  both  to  his  talents  and  good  qualities.  I  had  no 
disposition  to  interfere  with  his  advancement,  and  should  be 
well  pleased  that  the  nation  should  have  the  benefit  of  his 
services  in  any  station  suitable  for  them. 

Mr.  Sanford,  the  Senator  from  New  York,  was  also  here  this 

VOL.  V. — 2O 


306  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [February, 

evening.  His  term  of  service,  too,  expires  with  the  present  ses 
sion,  the  Legislature  of  New  York  having  chosen  Martin  Van 
Buren  their  Senator  for  the  next  six  years  in  Sanford's  place. 
Sanford  has  been  a  most  useful  and  very  able  member  of  the 
Senate;  but  he  has  not  been  ardent  enough  as  a  partisan  in  the 
New  York  politics,  and,  the  Bucktail  or  Anti-Clintonian  party 
having  now  the  ascendency  in  the  State,  the  Legislature  have 
displaced  him  to  provide  for  one  of  their  own  leaders.  I  told 
Sanford  this  evening  that,  as  it  might  be  the  last  time  I  should 
have  the  opportunity  of  meeting  him  here,  I  could  not  forbear 
assuring  him  how  much  I  regretted  the  loss  of  him  as  a  mem 
ber  of  the  Senate.  And  I  lamented  the  more  the  dissensions 
which  would  deprive  the  public  of  his  services,  because  it  was 
in  proof  that  a  majority  of  the  very  Legislature  which  had 
chosen  his  successor  were  actually  in  his  favor — which  was  the 
fact.  For  all  the  Clintonians  voted  for  him,  and  in  the  caucus 
of  the  other  party  which  preceded  the  election  there  had  been 
a  minority  of  twenty-eight  votes  for  him,  which,  if  added  to 
the  Clintonians,  would  have  given  him  a  decided  majority  of 
the  whole  at  the  election.  Sanford  made  no  remarks  in  reply, 
but  said  he  would  take  an  opportunity  of  calling  upon  me 
before  he  should  leave  the  city. 

28th.  The  Spanish  Minister,  General  Vives,  was  at  the  office, 
and  urges  answers  to  several  notes  and  letters  that  he  has  written 
me — some  of  them  relating  to  the  execution  of  the  treaty,  and 
others  to  different  objects,  among  which  are  the  case  of  the 
French  ship  Apollon,  the  capture  by  one  of  our  armed  ships 
of  a  slave-trading  vessel  called  the  Esperanza,  and  the  arrest 
for  debt  at  New  Orleans  of  the  Spanish  Consul,  Villavaso. 
He  also  requested  me  to  send  him,  as  I  had  promised,  the 
answer  to  the  observations  which,  according  to  his  instruc 
tions,  he  had  verbally  made  to  me  for  the  consideration  of  the 
President,  at  the  time  when  he  had  declared  his  readiness  to 
exchange  the  ratifications  of  the  treaty.  I  accordingly  drafted 
an  answer,  which  was  approved  by  the  President  and  sent, 
together  with  a  short  answer  to  one  of  the  General's  notes. 

At  the  President's  I  met  Mr.  Thompson,  the  Secretary  of  the 
Navy.  The  President  has  not  yet  determined  whether  to  de- 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  ^ 

liver  an  address  at  his  second  inauguration  or  simply  to  take 
the  oath,  and  Mr.  Thompson  inclines  to  recommend  the  latter 
course.  I  dined  this  day  at  the  President's,  with  all  the  Corps 
Diplomatique,  together  with  several  members  of  Congress.  It 
was  a  dinner  to  the  French  Minister  on  the  occasion  of  his 
return  to  this  country,  and  to  the  Spanish  Minister  on  the  final 
conclusion  of  the  treaty.  The  Senate  this  day,  by  a  vote  of 
twenty-eight  to  fourteen,  adopted  the  resolution  for  the  con 
ditional  admission  of  the  State  of  Missouri  into  the  Union, 
reported  by  the  large  joint  committee,  and  which  had  yester 
day  passed  the  House  of  Representatives ;  and  thus  this  second 
Missouri  question  has  been  compromised,  like  the  first.  The 
greatest  results  of  this  conflict  of  three  sessions  have  been  to 
make  John  W.  Taylor  Speaker  of  the  House  of  Representa 
tives,  and  to  bring  into  full  display  the  talents  and  resources 
of  influence  of  Mr.  Clay.  By  a  singular  piece  of  good  fortune 
for  him,  just  at  the  moment  of  his  arrival  here,  Mr.  Lowndes, 
in  whose  management  it  had  been,  was  confined  by  severe  ill 
ness  to  his  chamber,  and  is  so  still.  The  majority  against  the 
unconditional  admission  was  small,  but  very  decided.  The 
problem  for  the  slave  representation  to  solve  was  the  precise  ex 
tent  of  concession  necessary  for  them  to  detach  from  the  oppo 
site  party  a  sufficient  number  of  anti-servile  votes  just  to  turn 
the  majority.  Mr.  Clay  found  at  last  this  expedient,  which  the 
slave  voters  would  not  have  accepted  from  any  one  not  of  their 
own  party,  and  to  which  his  greatest  difficulty  was  to  obtain 
the  acquiescence  of  his  own  friends.  The  timid  and  weak- 
minded  dropped  off  one  by  one  from  the  free  side  of  the  ques 
tion,  until  a  majority  was  found  for  the  compromise,  of  which 
the  serviles  have  the  substance  and  the  liberals  the  shadow. 
In  the  progress  of  this  affair  the  distinctive  character  of  the 
inhabitants  of  the  several  great  divisions  of  the  Union  has 
been  shown  more  in  relief  than  perhaps  in  any  national  trans 
action  since  the  establishment  of  the  Constitution.  It  is  per 
haps  accidental  that  the  combination  of  talent  and  influence 
has  been  greatest  on  the  slave  side.  The  importance  of  the 
question  has  been  much  greater  to  them  than  to  the  other 
side.  Their  union  of  exertion  has  been  consequently  closer  and 


308  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

more  unshakable.  They  have  threatened  and  entreated,  bullied 
and  wheedled,  until  their  more  simple  adversaries  have  been 
half  coaxed,  half  frightened  into  a  surrender  of  their  princi 
ples  for  a  bauble  of  insignificant  promises.  The  champions  of 
the  North  did  not,  however,  judiciously  select  their  position 
for  this  contest.  There  must  be  at  some  time  a  conflict  upon 
this  very  question  between  slave  and  free  representation;  but 
this  is  not  the  time,  nor  was  this  the  proper  occasion,  for  con 
testing  it. 

March  1st.  There  was  a  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's, 
when  he  read  the  address  which  he  had  prepared  to  deliver  at 
his  second  inauguration  next  Monday.  But  he  proposed  for 
regular  consideration  whether  he  should  deliver  any  address 
at  all. 

Mr.  Thompson,  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  expressed  again 
his  doubts  of  the  propriety  of  making  any  such  speeches, 
which,  he  observed,  were  not  required  by  the  Constitution,  and 
for  which,  he  said,  he  did  not  see  any  adequate  reason.  The 
uniformity  of  the  practice  on  former  occasions  might,  he  said, 
be  a  motive  for  continuing  it,  but  if  it  were  a  new  question 
he  should  be  opposed  to  it. 

My  opinion  was  otherwise.  Independent  of  the  uniform 
usage,  I  thought  there  was  a  propriety  in  the  thing  itself.  The 
inauguration  was  the  only  occasion  presented  by  our  institu 
tions  for  direct  intercourse  between  the  Chief  Magistrate  and 
the  nation.  It  was  very  proper  at  his  first  election  to  avail  him 
self  of  it  to  declare  succinctly  the  principles  upon  which  he 
proposes  to  conduct  his  Administration ;  and  when  re-elected, 
there  is  equal  propriety  in  reviewing  before  the  world  the 
progress  of  past  events,  as  connected  with  the  principles  which 
have  been  pursued,  and  in  announcing  the  perseverance  with 
which  they  will  be  continued.  There  was  nothing  in  the  Con 
stitution  which  required  that  the  President  should  address  Con 
gress  at  the  commencement  of  every  session ;  but  there  was 
a  manifest  propriety  that,  he  should,  and  the  practice  was  ac 
cordingly  so. 

Mr.  Thompson  did  not  press  the  discussion,  and  the  other 
members  of  the  Administration  agreed  that  there  was  no  ade- 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  309 

quate  reason  for  discontinuing  the  practice  hitherto  uniformly 
observed. 

The  address  itself  was  then  discussed.  It  announces  a  per 
severing  attachment  to  the  course  of  policy  of  preparing  by 
extensive  and  systematic  fortifications  for  the  defence  of  the 
country.  It  intimates  the  determination,  if  the  deficiencies  of 
the  revenue  should  continue,  to  recommend  the  re-establish 
ment  of  a  system  of  internal  taxation,  and  it  expressed  in 
general  terms  a  disapprobation  of  the  expedient  of  resorting  to 
loans.  There  were  expressions  favorable  to  the  manufacturing 
interests,  to  which  Mr.  Calhoun  made  some  objections,  and 
which  were  slightly  modified.  Mr.  Crawford,  as  usual,  ob 
jected  to  nothing,  but  upon  some  observation  that  I  made, 
anticipating  the  revival  at  the  next  session  of  Congress  of  Mr. 
Baldwin's  tariff  bills,  Crawford's  aversion  to  them,  and  his  de 
light  at  their  failure,  discovered  themselves  by  an  involuntary 
burst  of  exultation.  I  requested  the  President  to  reconsider 
the  stigmatic  mark  of  censure  which  he  had  inserted  upon 
loans.  I  thought  it  unreasonable,  at  the  very  moment  when 
we  were  under  the  necessity  of  resorting  to  a  considerable 
loan ;  impolitic,  as  it  would  furnish  a  weapon  against  himself 
if,  as  was  very  likely,  he  should  want  further  loans  hereafter ; 
and  incorrect  in  principle,  as  giving  countenance  to  a  popular 
prejudice  against  loans,  which  I  thought  altogether  unjust. 
Loans  should  never  be  made  to  meet  or  cover  extravagant 
expenses,  and  it  ought  to  be  the  earnest  object  of  Government 
to  raise  within  the  year  the  means  of  providing  for  the  expen 
diture  of  the  year.  So  should  an  individual.  But  there  were 
numberless  occasions  upon  which  the  most  judicious  and  frugal 
economist  might  find  it  useful  to  borrow  money,  and  a  super 
stitious  antipathy  to  it  as  a  mode  of  raising  money  was  neither 
wise  policy  nor  sound  morality.  The  President  said  he  con 
curred  in  this  opinion,  and  he  altered  the  passage  in  the  ad 
dress,  omitting  the  general  declaration  against  loans. 

2d.  I  called  at  the  President's  upon  various  subjects.  The 
appropriations  for  the  Ghent  Treaty  Commissions,  the  number 
less  applications  for  offices  in  Florida,  and  for  the  commission 
of  claims  under  the  new  treaty;  the  claim  of  R.  W.  Meade; 


310  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN  QUJNCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

the  interrogatories  for  the  trial  of  L.  Harris  vs.  W.  D.  Lewis ; 
the  negotiation  with  the  French  Minister,  and  the  nomina 
tions  to  several  offices,  upon  which  the  Senate  must  pass  this 
day,  or  to-morrow — this  multiplicity  of  business  tends  to  dis 
traction. 

Mr.  Archibald  Gracie  and  Mr.  Charles  King,  of  New  York, 
came  to  the  office  to  request  a  new  interposition  of  the  Govern 
ment,  specially  urging  that  of  France  to  indemnify  Mr.  Gracie 
for  the  arbitrary  seizure  of  a  cargo  of  colonial  produce  at 
Antwerp,  in  1808,  by  the  Emperor  Napoleon.  There  were  six 
other  claims  in  the  same  condition.  The  property  was  seized 
and  sold,  and  its  proceeds  confiscated,  without  a  form  of  pro 
cess.  It  was  a  bare  act  of  public  robbery.  But  every  ap 
plication  to  the  justice,  and  even  to  the  sense  of  decency,  of 
the  French  Government  to  obtain  indemnity  for  it,  has  proved 
abortive.  Two  years  ago,  Mr.  Gracie  went  himself  to  France 
in  pursuit  of  his  claim,  and  then,  at  his  own  instance,  and  that 
of  his  relative,  Mr.  Rufus  King,  of  the  Senate,  obtained  an 
instruction  from  the  Department  of  State  to  Mr.  Gallatin  par 
ticularly  to  press  this  claim  upon  the  consideration  of  the 
French  Government,  though  without  disparagement  to  any 
other  claim.  Gallatin  accordingly  presented  a  note,  and  re 
ceived  an  unsatisfactory  answer.  He  was  also  dissatisfied  with 
this  mode  of  proceeding,  as  being  less  likely  to  succeed  than  a 
general  application  in  behalf  of  all  the  claims.  But  the  French 
Government  have  lately  compromised  one  claim  for  property 
taken  during  Napoleon's  government  in  the  Isle  of  France, 
upon  which  there  had  been  a  decree  of  restitution.  Gracie  and 
Charles  King  now  came  to  solicit  a  special  recommendation  of 
this  claim  to  the  French  Government  through  the  French 
Minister,  De  Neuville.  I  told  them  I  would  speak  of  it  to 
him,  but  it  could  not  be  otherwise  than  in  general  terms,  and 
connected  with  a  recommendation  of  all  the  other  claims  of 
citizens  of  the  United  States  upon  France. 

3d.  Close  of  the  Sixteenth  Congress,  and  of  t;he  first  term  of 
the  Administration  of  James  Monroe.  This  morning  Daniel 
P.  Cook,  of  Illinois,  called  at  my  house  to  recommend  friends 
for  appointments  and  to  converse  upon  politics.  He  says  that 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^11 

the  Governor  of  the  State  refuses  to  give  him  a  certificate  of 
his  election  to  the  next  Congress,  though  he  was  chosen  by  a 
majority  of  near  three  thousand  votes.  There  was  some  defect 
or  irregularity  in  the  law  of  the  State  under  which  the  election 
was  held ;  but  before  the  election  both  the  candidates  pledged 
themselves  not  to  take  exception  to  it,  however  the  result  might 
turn  out.  The  Governor,  however,  not  being  a  party  to  this 
agreement,  and  being  opposed  to  him,  may  object  to  Cook,  who 
may  thereby  be  disabled  from  taking  his  seat,  and  subjected  to 
the  chances  of  another  election.  I  was  at  the  President's,  and 
found  him  occupied  about  this  postliminary  claim  of  Mr.  Clay 
for  a  supplementary  half  outfit  of  forty-five  hundred  dollars ;  Mr. 
Clay  himself,  and  his  friend,  Colonel  Richard  M.  Johnson,  for 
him,  both  pressing  for  the  allowance  in  a  very  urgent  manner. 
It  is  contrary  to  every  precedent  and  every  principle;  but  the 
President,  to  whom  Clay  applied  for  it  directly  by  letter  to  him 
self,  feels  an  awkwardness  at  deciding  it  against  him,  precisely 
because  Clay  has  pursued  a  course  of  insidious  hostility  against 
his  Administration.  He  has,  however,  concluded  to  postpone 
the  determination  of  it  for  the  present.  The  President  requested 
me  to  attend  at  the  Capitol  between  four  and  five  o'clock  this 
afternoon.  Between  one  and  two,  I  received  a  resolution  from 
the  Senate,  passing  a  negative  upon  the  nomination  of  John 
James  Appleton  as  Charge  d'Affaires  at  Rio  de  Janeiro.  At 
this  I  was  much  surprised  and  disappointed.  Apprehending 
that  it  was  because  some  of  the  letters  most  warmly  recom 
mending  him  had  not  been  sent  with  the  nomination,  I  had  a 
search  made  for  them  at  the  office,  and  they  were  sent  to  the 
Senate. 

I  dined  at  four  o'clock,  and  immediately  afterwards  went  to 
the  Capitol,  where  I  found  the  President  had  already  arrived. 
I  met  Dr.  Eustis  at  the  door  of  the  south  wing,  and  spoke  to 
him  about  Appleton.  He  said  he  had  been  earnest  in  recom 
mending  him,  but  he  understood  that  one  or  more  of  the  Sen 
ators  had  taken  a  fancy  to  go  to  Rio  de  Janeiro  themselves, 
and  were  not  averse  to  going  in  the  capacity  of  Minister  Pleni 
potentiary.  But  no  objection  had  been  made  to  Appleton  but 
his  youth.  Notwithstanding  this  hint,  I  spoke  in  Appleton's 


MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

favor  to  Mr.  James  Barbour,  the  Chairman  of  the  Committee 
of  Foreign  Relations  of  the  Senate,  whom  I  entreated  to  lay 
before  the  Senate  the  additional  recommendations  which  had 
at  first  not  been  sent.  He  said  he  would,  but  told  me  that 
unless  they  could  add  to  the  years  and  experience  of  Mr. 
Appleton,  they  would  be  of  no  avail;  the  opinion  of  the  Senate 
being  unanimous  that  a  person  of  the  first  talents  and  highest 
standing  of  character  ought  to  be  sent  immediately  as  Min 
ister  Plenipotentiary  to  Rio  de  Janeiro.  A  resolution  of  the 
Senate  of  that  purport  was  in  the  course  of  the  evening  brought 
in  to  the  President  by  Mr.  Charles  Cutts,  their  Secretary.  The 
wisest  bodies  are  not  always  perfectly  consistent.  In  the  esti 
mates  for  the  present  year  I  had  inserted  an  outfit  and  salary 
for  a  Minister  Plenipotentiary  at  Rio  de  Janeiro.  While  those 
estimates  were  before  the  Committee  of  Ways  and  Means  of 
the  House,  their  Chairman,  General  S.  Smith,  wrote  me  a  letter 
enquiring,  among  other  things,  whether  the  appointment  of  a 
Minister  to  Brazil  could  not  for  the  present  year  be  dispensed 
with.  The  President,  not  without  some  hesitation,  authorized 
me  to  answer  that  it  might ;  but  that  it  would  then  be  neces 
sary  to  appropriate  an  outfit  and  salary  for  a  Charge  d'Affaires. 
This  was  accordingly  done  in  the  General  Appropriation  bill. 
The  outfit  and  salary  for  a  Minister  were  struck  out,  and  those 
for  a  Charge  d'Affaires  were  inserted.  This  General  Appropria 
tion  bill  the  Senate  passed  this  day,  with  the  appropriations  for 
a  Charge  d'Affaires,  and  without  those  for  a  Minister.  And 
on  the  same  day  they  unanimously  pass  a  resolution  recom 
mending  the  immediate  appointment  of  a  Minister.  I  observed 
to  the  President  that  the  law  spoke  one  language,  and  the  reso 
lution  another  directly  the  reverse,  both  emanating  from  the 
same  body  on  the  same  day ;  and,  as  the  law  received  his 
sanction,  it  expressed  the  sentiment  both  of  the  whole  legis 
lature  and  of  the  Executive,  while  the  resolution  expressed  the 
sense  of  only  one  branch  of  the  legislature,  and  that  in  direct 
opposition  to  their  own  opinion,  likewise  expressed  in  the  law. 
It  would  look  very  odd  if,  after  signing  the  Appropriation  Act 
this  day  with  an  outfit  and  salary  for  a  Charge  d'Affaires,  he 
should  next  week  appoint  a  Minister  without  any  previous 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

appropriation,  and  in  these  economical  times  would  not  escape 
the  animadversion  of  the  House  of  Representatives  at  the  next 
session.  The  President  said  he  should  be  in  no  hurry  to  act 
upon  the  resolution  of  the  Senate,  but  would  take  ample  time 
for  consideration. 

There  were  thirty-two  bills  and  two  resolutions  this  day 
presented  to  the  President  for  his  signature — and  upon  two  of 
them,  the  Military  Appropriation  and  the  Loan  bill,  there  was 
disagreement  between  the  two  Houses,  which  were  settled 
only  by  conferences.  While  the  President  remained  in  the 
committee-room,  I  passed  a  part  of  the  evening  in  the  House 
of  Representatives.  There  was  little  debate,  and  less  confusion 
than  usual ;  though  it  was  difficult  to  keep  together  a  quorum. 
I  conversed  with  several  of  the  members  on  various  subjects. 
Mr.  Mallary,  the  Chairman  of  the  Committee  on  the  Ghent 
Commissions,  came  and  told  me  that  they  had  made  the  ap 
propriation  for  the  year  which  I  had  recommended  in  my  last 
letter  to  him.  I  said  they  had,  however,  reduced  the  salaries 
not  only  of  the  Agents,  as  they  had  the  right  to  do,  but  of 
the  Commissioners,  which  I  thought  a  very  harsh  measure  as 
regarded  individuals,  and  contrary  to  the  understanding  and 
intent,  if  not  to  the  letter,  of  the  agreement  under  the  treaty ; 
that  if  either  of  the  Commissioners  should  resign  upon  the 
passage  of  this  Act,  as  they  would  have  the  right  to  do,  and  as 
I  think  I  should  do  in  their  place,  it  would  throw  the  whole 
business  into  a  very  awkward  predicament,  and  much  increase, 
instead  of  diminishing,  the  expense.  He  said  he  did  not  think 
they  would  resign,  and  then  observed  that  he  was  glad  the 
Florida  Treaty  had  terminated  in  a  manner  so  entirely  satis 
factory. 

Mr.  Storrs,  the  Chairman  of  the  committee  upon  the  expen 
ditures  of  the  Department  of  State,  told  me  that  he  had  made 
this  morning  a  report  to  the  House,  approving  altogether  the 
appointment  of  Major  Delafield  after  the  close  of  the  last 
session  of  Congress,  and  declaring  generally  the  correctness 
of  the  accounts  of  the  Department  of  State,  so  far  as  the  com 
mittee  had  examined  them.  He  spoke  as  if  he  was  ashamed 
of  his  motion,  which  was  intended  as  an  attack  upon  me,  and 


314  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

ashamed  also  to  make  public  the  justification  which  he  had 
not  been  able  to  withhold.  This  is  the  last  day  of  Storrs's 
present  political  existence.  He  has  no  prospect  of  being 
elected  to  the  next  Congress.  He  has  considerable  talents, 
and  some  taste  for  literature,  with  which  I  have  always  a 
strong  sympathy.  But  he  wants  both  judgment  and  firmness. 
The  Missouri  question  has  blasted  him,  and  the  loss  of  his 
popularity  at  home,  with  the  loss  of  all  his  influence  in  the 
House,  has  driven  him  to  vicious  habits,  and  made  his  career 
as  a  statesman  abortive. 

Mr.  Clay  moved  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  Speaker,  John  W. 
Taylor,  prefaced  by  a  short,  studied,  but  grossly  indelicate 
speech.  As,  however,  it  was  quite  conciliatory  as  to  the  sen 
timent,  it  passed  without  animadversion.  The  Clerk  of  the 
House  put  the  question,  and  there  was  only  one  voice  answered 
in  the  negative.  That  was  R.  R.  Reid,  of  Georgia.  About  an 
hour  afterwards,  the  Speaker  shortly  addressed  the  House  in 
answer  to  the  vote  of  thanks.  His  speech  was  both  in  matter 
and  delivery  much  better  than  Clay's.  It  was  past  twelve 
o'clock  at  night  before  the  business  of  the  two  Houses  was 
finished,  and  a  half  an  hour  later  before  the  last  bills  were 
examined  and  signed  by  the  President  and  notified  to  the  two 
Houses  as  thus  completed.  A  joint  committee,  consisting  of 
Mr.  Holmes,  of  Maine,  and  Hunter,  of  the  Senate,  and  General 
S.  Smith  and  Joshua  Cushman,  of  the  House  of  Representa 
tives,  came  and  informed  the  President  that  they  were  ready  to 
adjourn  unless  he  had  any  further  communication  to  make  to 
them,  to  which  he  answered  that  he  had  none.  It  was  near 
one  in  the  morning  when  they  adjourned.  And  thus  finished 
the  Sixteenth  Congress  of  the  United  States.  I  walked  home 
in  company,  as  far  as  his  house,  with  Mr.  Calhoun.  I  found 
him  in  some  degree  dispirited  by  the  results  of  the  attacks 
systematically  carried  on  through  the  whole  Congress,  but 
especially  through  the  session  just  expired,  against  his  manage 
ment  of  the  War  Department.  He  thinks  that  the  present 
embarrassments  in  the  Administration  all  originated  in  two 
measures  of  the  first  session  of  Congress  under  it — the  repeal 
of  the  internal  taxes,  and  the  profuse  Pension  Act.  The 


1 82 1.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  315 

present  falling  off  in  the  revenue,  he  says,  ought  to  have  been 
foreseen,  and  also  that,  on  the  failure  of  revenue,  the  War 
Department  would  naturally  be  the  first  upon  which  the  scythe 
of  retrenchment  would  fall.  He  observed  also  the  coalition  of 
Crawford's,  Clinton's,  and  Clay's  partisans,  though  with  views 
quite  hostile  to  each  other,  in  the  assaults  of  this  session  against 
the  Administration ;  the  vote  of  thanks  proposed  by  Clay  to 
the  Speaker,  Taylor ;  the  appointment  by  Taylor  of  the  most 
violent  opponents  of  the  Administration  upon  committees  ;  the 
combinations  of  the  Georgia,  Tennessee,  Kentucky,  New  York, 
and  Vermont  members,  devoted  to  their  respective  leaders,  and 
joining  all  their  forces  against  the  Administration.  All  this  is 
unquestionably  true.  There  have  also  been  transactions  in  the 
War  Department,  in  the  Post-Office,  and  in  the  Bank  of  the 
United  States  which  have  unfortunately  given  handle  to  every 
class  of  disaffection.  Jackson's  Seminole  campaign,  the  Florida 
Treaty,  and  the  South  American  insurgents,  have  all  been  used 
in  turn  as  weapons  of  annoyance.  By  the  practical  operation 
of  our  Government,  the  whole  system  of  our  politics  is  in 
separably  linked  with  the  views  of  aspirants  to  the  Presidential 
succession;  and  by  the  peculiarity  of  our  present  position,  the 
prospects  of  all  the  candidates  in  reserve  for  the  next  Presi 
dency,  excepting  the  Vice-President,  and  setting  aside  the 
Secretary  of  State,  depend  upon  the  failure  of  the  present 
Administration  for  their  success.  The  worst  of  it  is  that  this 
applies  more  forcibly  to  Crawford,  a  leading  member  of  the 
Administration  himself,  than  to  any  other.  Crawford  has  been 
a  worm  preying  upon  the  vitals  of  the  Administration  within 
its  own  body.  He  was  the  instigator  and  animating  spirit  of 
the  whole  movement,  both  in  Congress  and  at  Richmond, 
against  Jackson  and  the  Administration.  In  all  the  vicissi 
tudes  of  the  Spanish  negotiation,  wherever  there  has  been 
difficulty  or  prospect  of  failure  he  has  been  felt  when  he  could 
not  be  seen ;  and  all  the  attacks  against  the  War  Department 
during  this  Congress  have  been  stimulated  by  him  and  pro 
moted  by  his  partisans.  An  essential  impulse  to  this  course 
on  his  part  is  the  knowledge  he  has  obtained  that  Calhoun  is 
not  prepared  to  support  him  for  the  next  Presidency.  At  the 


316  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March. 

same  time,  the  emptiness  of  the  Treasury,  and  Crawford's  utter 
inability  to  devise  any  other  source  of  revenue  but  loan  upon 
loan,  very  naturally  lead  him  to  favor  any  kind  of  retrenchment, 
'and  especially  such  as  will  not  bear  upon  any  of  his  friends.  It 
has  been  the  policy  of  all  the  parties  to  keep  hostilities  in  reserve 
against  me  this  session,  and  to  assail  the  War  Department  as 
an  outwork.  At  this  moment,  standing  on  the  isthmus  between 
the  past  and  the  future,  I  look  back  with  satisfaction  solid  and 
pure  at  what  has  been  accomplished  of  public  service,  with 
humility  and  regret  that  more  has  not  been  effected,  and  with 
unbounded  gratitude  to  the  Disposer  of  all  results ;  forward, 
the  prospect  is  beset  with  difficulties  and  dangers.  Let  me 
advance  cheerily  to  meet  the  dispensations  of  time;  pursuing 
with  singleness  of  soul  the  path  of  duty;  imploring  for  the 
faculty  to  will  and  to  do;  "to  move  in  charity,  to  rest  in 
Providence,  and  to  turn  on  the  poles  of  truth." 


CHAPTER    XIII. 

THE    DEPARTMENT    OF   STATE — SECOND    TERM. 

March  4th,  1821,  Sunday. — And  the  commencement  of  the 
second  term  of  the  Administration  of  James  Monroe,  fifth 
President  of  the  United  States.  But,  the  administration  of 
the  official  oath,  which  the  Constitution  prescribes  that  he 
shall  take  before  he  enter  on  the  execution  of  the  office,  being 
postponed  till  to-morrow,  this  day  was  a  sort  of  interregnum, 
during  which  there  was  no  person  qualified  to  act  as  President; 
an  event  of  no  importance  now,  but  which  might  be  far  other 
wise  under  supposable  circumstances. 

5th.  Second  inauguration  of  James  Monroe  as  President  of 
the  United  States.  The  arrangements  were  made  at  the  hall 
of  the  House  of  Representatives,  by  the  Marshal  of  the  JDis- 
trict,  in  concert  with  the  Clerk,  and  by  consent  of  the  late 
Speaker  of  the  House.  There  were  seats  reserved  for  the 
ladies  of  the  heads  of  Departments,  and  others  for  the  mem 
bers  of  the  Diplomatic  Corps  and  members  of  Congress.  The 
President  had  requested  the  heads  of  Departments  to  assemble 
at  his  house  and  accompany  him  to  the  Capitol.  The  Marshal 
had  recommended  that  the  ladies  should  go  early,  to  secure 
their  admission  into  the  hall  and  their  seats.  Mrs.  Adams  went 
first  to  the  Capitol,  and  sent  back  the  carnage  for  me.  Madame 
De  Neuville  went  in  company  with  her.  A  quarter  before 
twelve  I  went  to  the  President's  house,  and  the  other  members 
of  the  Administration  immediately  afterwards  came  there.  The 
Marshal  and  one  of  his  deputies  was  there,  but  no  assemblage 
of  people.  The  President,  attired  in  a  full  suit  of  black  broad 
cloth  of  somewhat  antiquated  fashion,  with  shoe-  and  knee- 
buckles,  rode  in  a  plain  carriage  with  four  horses  and  a  single 
colored  footman.  The  Secretaries  of  State,  the  Treasury,  War, 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

and  the  Navy  followed,  each  in  a  carriage-and-pair.  There  was 
no  escort,  nor  any  concourse  of  people  on  the  way.  But  on 
alighting  at  the  Capitol  a  great  crowd  of  people  were  assembled, 
and  the  avenues  to  the  hall  of  the  House  were  so  choked  up 
with  persons  pressing  for  admittance  that  it  was  with  the  utmost 
difficulty  that  the  President  made  his  way  through  them  into 
the  House.  Mr.  Canning  and  Mr.  Antrobus,  in  full  Court- 
dress  uniforms,  were  in  the  midst  of  this  crowd,  unable  to 
obtain  admission.  We  got  in  at  last,  after  several  minutes  of 
severe  pressure.  There  was  not  a  soldier  present,  nor  a  con 
stable  distinguishable  by  any  badge  of  office.  The  President 
took  a  seat  on  a  platform  just  before  the  Speaker's  chair.  The 
Chief  Justice  was  seated  at  his  right  hand,  the  other  Judges  of 
the  Supreme  Court  in  chairs  fronting  him  ;  the  President  of 
the  Senate  and  late  Speaker  of  the  House  at  his  left  hand ; 
the  heads  of  Department  sidelong  at  the  right;  and  the  for 
eign  Ministers  in  the  seats  of  the  members  at  the  left.  The 
House  and  galleries  were  as  thronged  as  possible.  There  was 
much  disorder  of  loud  talking  and  agitation  in  the  gallery, 
not  altogether  ceasing  even  while  the  President  was  reading 
his  address,  which  he  did  immediately  after  taking  the  oath. 
At  this  ceremony  the  Chief  Justice  merely  held  the  book,  the 
President  repeating  the  oath  in  the  words  prescribed  by  the 
Constitution.  The  address  was  delivered  in  a  suitably  grave 
and  rather  low  tone  of  voice.  After  it  was  finished,  several 
persons  came  up  to  the  President  and  shook  hands  with  him 
by  way  of  congratulation.  At  his  departure  from  the  House 
there  was  a  cheering  shout  from  the  people  in  the  galleries, 
and  the  music  of  the  Marine  Band  played  both  at  his  entrance 
and  departure.  I  returned  home  with  my  family,  and  immedi 
ately  afterwards  went  to  the  President's  house,  where  there  was 
a  numerous  circle  for  congratulation.  I  then  passed  a  couple 
of  hours  at  my  office,  and  in  the  evening  attended  a  ball  at 
Brown's  Hotel.  The  President  and  his  family  were  there,  but 
retired  before  supper.  We  came  home  immediately  after,  and 
finished  a  fatiguing  and  bustling  day  about  midnight. 

6th.  Mr.  Terrell,  member  of  the  late  House,  from  Georgia, 
came  to  take  leave,  having  declined  a  re-election  to  Congress. 


1 82 1.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

There  were  published  in  the  Charleston  City  Gazette,  in  January 
of  the  last  year,  two  long  and  elaborate  attacks  upon  me,  ad 
dressed  to  me  under  the  signature  of  "  Sagittarius."  Terrell 
told  me,  a  short  time  after  their  publication,  that  he  knew  who 
was  the  author  of  them ;  and  told  it  as  if  he  meant  to  tell  me. 
I  did  not  ask  him,  however,  neither  did  he  tell  me.  As  it  is 
very  likely  I  shall  not  see  him  again,  I  determined  now  to 
ascertain  whether  he  would  tell  me  or  not.  I  reminded  him, 
therefore,  of  what  he  had  said  last  winter,  which  he  recollected, 
and  asked  him,  as  he  knew  the  author  of  "  Sagittarius,"  if  he 
had  any  objection  to  tell  me  who  it  was.  He  looked  very 
much  embarrassed,  and  answered,  slowly  and  doubtingly,  No — 
he  believed  not — he  thought  he  could  tell  me  ;  but  he  did  not 
tell  me,  and  I  soon  relieved  him  from  his  perplexity  by  changing 
the  subject  of  conversation.  Why  he  told  me  last  winter  that 
he  knew  the  author,  and  why  he  now  so  awkwardly  evaded 
telling  me  who  it  was,  I  shall  probably  never  know. 

Mr.  John  B.  Hurd,  of  New  York,  called  at  the  office.  He 
has  been  some  time  here,  upon  business  before  Congress.  As 
he  was  the  first  person  who  called  for  an  official  investigation 
of  L.  Harris's  conduct  as  Consul  in  Russia,  I  enquired  of  him 
whether  he  had  known  anything  of  it  other  than  what  he 
had  stated  to  me  in  his  letter  of  September,  1817.  He  knew 
nothing  but  by  hearsay.  But  he  gave  me  a  written  statement 
of  two  English  vessels  who  bought  admission  as  Americans  by 
the  certificates  of  Harris,  in  1808,  the  names  of  the  vessel, 
master,  and  sum  paid,  as  told  by  Diederich  Rodde  to  Captain 
Bates,  and  by  Bates  to  Hurd.  I  spoke  to  him  also  of  a  straw 
bonnet  made  at  Weathersfield,  sold  some  months  since  at  New 
York  as  an  extraordinary  specimen  of  American  manufacture, 
which  Hurd  bought,  and  sent  as  a  present  to  my  wife.  I  told 
Hurd  that  while  in  the  public  situation  which  I  hold  I  made  it 
a  principle  to  accept  no  valuable  present  from  any  one,  it  was 
very  harsh  to  interdict  the  acceptance  of  presents  offered  to  my 
wife,  and  it  gave  me  pleasure  to  see  her  giving  countenance 
according  to  our  means  to  the  productions  or  ingenuity  of  our 
country.  I  had  therefore  consented  to  her  acceptance  of  his 
present,  and  should  only  take  some  opportunity  to  ask  his  ac- 


320  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

ceptance  of  some  equivalent  in  return.  He  said  he  hoped  I 
should  not  think  of  it,  and  mentioned  his  reason  for  sending 
the  bonnet  to  Mrs.  Adams,  which  was  merely  because  he 
thought  it  would  give  it  the  best  opportunity  of  attracting 
notice.  I  did  not  press  the  conversation  further. 

7th.  Daniel  P.  Cook,  of  Illinois,  called  on  me  this  morning 
and  took  leave.  I  had  some  conversation  with  him  upon 
political  affairs.  He  is  under  some  concern  about  the  irregu 
larity  of  his  election  to  the  new  Congress.  Cook  is  a  man  of 
fair  mind  and  honorable  principles,  and  makes  a  very  hand 
some  appearance  in  the  House  as  a  speaker.  He  is  yet  under 
thirty,  and  gives  the  promise  of  a  useful  and  distinguished 
statesman;  but  his  health  is  very  infirm,  and  his  constitution  so 
feeble  that  its  duration  is  more  than  ordinarily  doubtful.  His 
political  fortune  at  present  is  very  curiously  contingent  upon 
the  issue  of  intrigues  bearing  upon  the  Presidential  election ; 
and  before  he  was  last  chosen,  last  summer,  in  the  newspaper 
war  waged  against  him  in  the  State  of  Illinois  his  regard  for 
me  was  made  one  of  the  principal  topics  of  charge  to  run  him 
down.  He  manfully  avowed  it,  however,  and  carried  the  elec 
tion  by  a  large  majority.  By  some  defect  in  the  State  law,  very 
probably  devised  for  the  occasion,  there  is  a  prospect  that  this 
election  will  be  vacated,  which,  besides  putting  Cook  to  the 
trouble  and  expense  of  travelling  twenty-five  hundred  miles, 
from  his  residence  here  and  back,  will  leave  the  State  unrepre 
sented  in  the  House  nearly  the  whole  of  the  next  session. 

Mr.  Forsyth  came  to  the  office  and  left  with  me  Onis's 
Spanish  pamphlet  upon  the  Florida  Treaty.  The  object  of 
this  publication  was  to  defend  himself  against  the  charge  of 
having  signed  a  treaty  disadvantageous  to  Spain.  He  takes 
infinite  pains,  therefore,  to  prove  it  highly  advantageous,  but 
specially  values  himself  upon  the  flaw  by  which  he  had  secured 
to  the  King  (as  he  reasons)  the  right  to  ratify  the  treaty  or  to 
reject  it,  at  his  pleasure.  The  pamphlet,  like  all  the  writings 
of  Onis,  is  full  of  misrepresentations  and  falsehoods. 

Mr.  Antrobus  came  to  ask  for  Mr.  Canning  an  interview  with 
me,  which  I  immediately  granted.  It  was  the  first  time  he  had 
asked  it  in  this  formal  manner,  and  the  first  interview  at  the 


1 82 1.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


321 


office  since  the  warm  scenes  of  the  26th  and  2/th  of  last  Jan 
uary.  His  object  was  to  enquire  if  I  had  any  further  propo 
sitions  to  make  to  him  in  relation  to  the  co-operation  for  the 
suppression  of  the  slave-trade.  I  had  none.  He  had  perhaps 
formed  some  expectations  from  the  report  of  the  committee 
of  the  House  of  Representatives  to  whom  the  documents  com 
municated  by  the  President  were  referred,  and  from  the  knowl 
edge  that  the  members  of  the  committee  were  in  favor  of  the 
stipulation  of  mutual  search.  The  House  did  not  act  upon  the 
report  of  the  committee,  and  I  told  Mr.  Canning  that  the  views 
of  the  President  upon  the  subject  had  not  changed.  Mr.  Can 
ning  indulged  himself  in  invectives  against  the  slave-trade — a 
topic  upon  which  I  had  neither  inclination  nor  motive  to  con 
tradict  him.  He  finally  said  that  he  could  only  justify  himself 
to  his  own  Government  by  satisfying  them  that  he  had  done 
everything  in  his  power  to  prevail  upon  that  of  the  United 
States  to  join  in  the  concert  of  measures  in  which  several 
other  nations  had  agreed  to  concur  with  Great  Britain.  And 
he  asked  if  there  had  been  any  omission  on  his  part  of  any 
exertion  which  might  have  contributed  to  its  success.  I  told 
him,  by  no  means ;  that  he  had  with  great  earnestness  and  per 
severance  urged  every  argument  which  would  have  operated  as 
persuasion  to  us ;  that  the  answer  on  our  part  having  been 
in  the  first  instance  altogether  explicit,  and  having  been  given 
repeatedly  both  to  Lord  Castlereagh  and  himself,  as  well  as 
the  insuperable  reasons  upon  which  it  was  founded,  it  would 
henceforth  be  as  agreeable  to  us  not  to  be  further  urged  upon 
it.  He  made  no  further  reply,  but  rose  and  took  leave. 

8th.  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's.  It  was  to  consult 
upon  the  measures  to  be  taken  for  carrying  the  Florida  Treaty 
into  execution.  The  President  has  determined  to  appoint 
General  Jackson  Governor  of  the  whole  Territory,  and  wrote 
to  inform  him  of  it  directly.  The  reduction  of  the  army,  by 
the  Act  of  Congress  passed  at  their  recent  session,  commences 
on  the  ist  of  June  next.  It  leaves  only  one  Major-General 
and  two  Brigadiers.  Brown,  as  the  eldest  commissioned  of 
the  two  Major-Generals,  is  to  be  retained,  and  Scott  and  Gaines 
are  to  be  the  two  Brigadiers.  Jackson,  therefore,  from  the  1st 

VOL.  V. — 21 


322  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

of  June,  will  be  out  of  the  military  service,  and  this  office  of 
Governor  of  Florida  presented  itself  as  a  fortunate  occasion  to 
save  the  nation  from  the  disgrace  of  even  appearing  to  discard 
without  compunction  a  man  to  whom  they  are  so  deeply 
indebted. 

The  Commissioners  of  Claims  under  the  eleventh  article  of 
the  treaty  are  also  to  be  appointed.  The  President  mentioned 
all  those  who,  by  themselves  or  their  friends,  solicited  the  ap 
pointment.  Their  respective  pretensions  were  canvassed,  but 
the  President  came  to  no  determination.  Among  the  candi 
dates  is  Mr.  George  Hay,  the  husband  of  the  President's  eldest 
daughter,  recommended  by  a  number  of  very  respectable  per 
sons  in  Virginia.  The  opinion  was  unanimous  that  there  was 
no  individual  proposed  more  thoroughly  qualified  for  the  ap 
pointment  than  Mr.  Hay,  but  it  was  suggested  that,  from  his 
domestic  relation  to  the  President,  there  would  arise  some 
public  animadversion.  Mr.  Crawford  said  that  the  President 
himself  could  alone  determine  how  far  that  consideration  ought 
to  have  weight.  I  said  the  question  appeared  to  me  to  be, 
whether  the  President  would  appoint  Mr.  Hay  if  there  was 
no  personal  relation  between  them.  For  if  that  was  certain, 
I  did  not  think  the  personal  affinity  ought  to  operate  to  his 
exclusion. 

I  proposed  to  the  President  Colonel  James  Grant  Forbes  as 
Commissioner  to  carry  the  order  from  the  King  of  Spain  to 
the  Governor  and  Captain-General  of  Cuba  for  the  delivery  of 
the  Floridas  and  of  the  archives  belonging  to  them.  The 
President  assented  to  this  appointment.  I  sent  for  Forbes,  who 
came  to  the  office  and  agreed  to  go. 

We  had  the  judiciary  company  to  dine  with  us  this  day — 
Chief-Justice  Marshall,  the  Judges  Johnson,  Story,  and  Todd, 
the  Attorney-General,  Wirt,  and  late  District  Attorney,  Walter 
Jones ;  the  Clerk  of  the  Court,  Caldwell,  and  the  Marshal, 
Ringgold;  also  Messrs.  Harper,  Hopkinson,  D.  B.  Ogden, 
J.  Sergeant,  Webster,  Wheaton,  and  Winder,  all  Attorneys 
and  Counsellors  of  the  Court.  The  Judges  Duval  and  Liv 
ingston,  Messrs.  Peters  and  Tillotson,  were  invited,  but  sent 
excuses.  Judge  Washington  is  out  of  health,  and  has  not 


1 82 1.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  323 

attended  the  Court  this  term.  We  had  a  very  pleasant  and 
convivial  party,  and  had  occasion  to  repeat  a  remark  made  in 
former  years,  that  there  is  more  social  ease  and  enjoyment  in 
these  companies,  when  all  the  guests  are  familiarly  acquainted 
with  one  another,  than  at  our  usual  dinners  during  the  session 
of  Congress,  when  we  have  from  fifteen  to  twenty  members 
assembled  from  various  parts  of  the  Union,  and  scarcely 
acquainted  together. 

9th.  Mr.  Clay  called  at  the  office.  He  is  pressing  upon  the 
President  his  claim  for  a  half  outfit  for  the  negotiation  of  the 
Commercial  Convention  of  3d  July,  1815,  with  Great  Britain. 
I  told  him  I  thought  it  could  not  be  allowed  without  a  special 
appropriation  for  it  by  Congress,  to  which  he  said  he  did  not 
know  that  he  should  have  any  objection ;  but  he  wants  the 
money  now.  Clay  is  one  of  the  Commissioners  for  taking  my 
answers  to  interrogatories  in  the  case  of  Leavitt  Harris  against 
W.  D.  Lewis.  I  agreed,  if  I  could  have  them  ready  in  time, 
to  call  at  the  Capitol,  where  he  is  in  attendance  on  the  Supreme 
Court,  and  be  sworn  to  them,  Monday  or  Tuesday. 

I  had  some  conversation  with  him  on  political  topics,  and 
on  his  own  present  retirement  from  public  life.  I  asked  him 
if  it  would  be  consistent  with  his  views,  in  case  there  should 
within  two  or  three  years  be  a  vacancy  in  any  of  the  missions 
abroad,  to  accept  an  appointment  to  it. 

He  said  he  was  obliged  to  me  for  the  question,  but  it  would 
not.  The  state  of  his  private  affairs,  and  his  duty  to  his  family, 
had  dictated  to  him  the  determination  of  a  temporary  retire 
ment  from  the  public  service.  But,  by  a  liberal  arrangement 
with  him,  the  Bank  of  the  United  States  had  engaged  him  as 
their  standing  counsel  in  the  States  of  Kentucky  and  Ohio. 
He  expected  that  in  the  course  of  three  or  four  years  this  would 
relieve  him  from  all  the  engagements  in  which  he  had  been 
involved,  and  enable  him  to  return  to  the  public  service.  In 
that  case  he  should  prefer  over  all  others  the  station  from  which 
he  had  just  retired,  a  seat  in  the  House  of  Representatives,  be 
cause  that  would  be  the  place  where  he  could  hope  to  render 
the  most  useful  service  to  the  country.  But,  he  said,  he  con 
sidered  the  situation  of  our  public  affairs  now  as  very  critical 


324  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

and  dangerous  to  the  Administration.  Mr.  Monroe  had  just 
been  re-elected  with  apparent  unanimity,  but  he  had  not  the 
slightest  influence  in  Congress.  His  career  was  considered 
as  closed.  There  was  nothing  further  to  be  expected  by  him 
or  from  him.  Looking  at  Congress,  they  were  a  collection  of 
materials,  and  how  much  good  and  how  much  evil  might  be 
done  with  them,  accordingly  as  they  should  be  well  or  ill 
directed.  But  henceforth  there  was  and  would  not  be  a  man 
in  the  United  States  possessing  less  personal  influence  over 
them  than  the  President. 

I  saw  Mr.  Clay's  drift  in  these  remarks,  which  was  to  magnify 
his  own  importance  and  to  propitiate  me  in  favor  of  his  outfit 
claim.  His  total  forbearance  of  attack  upon  me,  either  by  him 
self  or  his  underlings,  in  the  late  session  of  Congress,  and  his 
advance  through  Mr.  Brush,  I  attribute  to  the  same  cause.  I 
told  him  the  President  must  rely,  as  he  had  done,  upon  the 
public  sentiment  and  upright  intention  to  support  him,  and 
with  these  his  Administration  must  get  along  as  well  as  it 
could. 

He  said  he  regretted  that  his  views  had  differed  from  those 
of  the  Administration  in  relation  to  South  American  affairs. 
He  hoped,  however,  that  this  difference  would  now  be  shortly 
over.  But  he  was  concerned  to  see  indications  of  unfriendly 
dispositions  towards  the  South  Americans  in  our  naval  officers 
who  were  sent  to  the  Pacific,  and  he  was  apprehensive  they 
would  get  into  some  quarrel  there,  which  might  alienate  the 
minds  of  the  people  in  the  two  countries  from  each  other. 

I  said  the  instructions  to  the  naval  officers  were  as  positive 
and  pointed  as  words  could  make  them  to  avoid  everything  of 
that  kind.  I  hoped  no  such  event  would  occur,  as  we  could 
have  no  possible  motive  for  quarrelling  with  the  South  Amer 
icans.  I  also  regretted- the  difference  between  his  views  and 
those  of  the  Administration  upon  South  American  affairs. 
That  the  final  issue  of  their  present  struggle  would  be  their 
entire  independence  of  Spain  I  had  never  doubted.  That  it 
was  our  true  policy  and  duty  to  take  no  part  in  the  contest  I 
was  equally  clear.  The  principle  of  neutrality  to  all  foreign 
wars  was,  in  my  opinion,  fundamental  to  the  continuance  of  our 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  325 

liberties  and  of  our  Union.  So  far  as  they  were  contending 
for  independence,  I  wished  well  to  their  cause ;  but  I  had 
seen  and  yet  see  no  prospect  that  they  would  establish  free  or 
liberal  institutions  of  government  They  are  not  likely  to  pro 
mote  the  spirit  either  of  freedom  or  order  by  their  example. 
They  have  not  the  first  elements  of  good  or  free  government. 
Arbitrary  power,  military  and  ecclesiastical,  was  stamped  upon 
their  education,  upon  their  habits,  and  upon  all  their  institu 
tions.  Civil  dissension  was  infused  into  all  their  seminal  prin 
ciples.  War  and  mutual  destruction  was  in  every  member  of 
their  organization,  moral,  political,  and  physical.  I  had  little 
expectation  of  any  beneficial  result  to  this  country  from  any 
future  connection  with  them,  political  or  commercial.  We 
should  derive  no  improvement  to  our  own  institutions  by  any 
communion  with  theirs.  Nor  was  there  any  appearance  of- a 
disposition  in  them  to  take  any  political  lesson  from  us.  As  to 
the  commercial  connection,  I  agreed  with  him  that  little  weight 
should  be  allowed  to  arguments  of  mere  pecuniary  interest ; 
but  there  was  no  basis  for  much  traffic  between  us.  They  want 
none  of  our  productions,  and  we  could  afford  to  purchase  very 
few  of  theirs.  Of  these  opinions,  both  his  and  mine,  time  must 
be  the  test;  but,  I  would  candidly  acknowledge,  nothing  had 
hitherto  occurred  to  weaken  in  my  mind  the  view  which  I 
had  taken  of  this  subject  from  the  first. 

He  did  not  pursue  the  discussion.  Clay  is  an  eloquent  man, 
with  very  popular  manners  and  great  political  management. 
He  is,  like  almost  all  the  eminent  men  of  this  country,  only 
half  educated.  His  school  has  been  the  world,  and  in  that  he 
is  a  proficient.  His  morals,  public  and  private,  are  loose,  but 
he  has  all  the  virtues  indispensable  to  a  popular  man.  As  he 
is  the  first  very  distinguished  man  that  the  Western  country  has 
presented  as  a  statesman  to  the  Union,  they  are  proportionably 
proud  of  him,  and,  being  a  native  of  Virginia,  he  has  all  the 
benefit  of  that  clannish  preference  which  Virginia  has  always 
given  to  her  sons.  Clay's  temper  is  impetuous,  and  his  ambi 
tion  impatient.  He  has  long  since  marked  me  as  the  principal 
rival  in  his  way,  and  has  taken  no  more  pains  to  disguise  his 
hostility  than  was  necessary  for  decorum  and  to  avoid  shocking 


326  MEMOIRS  OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

the  public  opinion.  His  future  fortune,  and  mine,  are  in  wiser 
hands  than  ours ;  I  have  never,  even  defensively,  repelled  his 
attacks.  Clay  has  large  and  liberal  views  of  public  affairs,  and 
that  sort  of  generosity  which  attaches  individuals  to  his  person. 
As  President  of  the  Union,  his  administration  would  be  a  per 
petual  succession  of  intrigue  and  management  with  the  legisla 
ture.  It  would  also  be  sectional  in  its  spirit,  and  sacrifice  all 
other  interests  to  those  of  the  Western  country  and  the  slave 
holders.  But  his  principles  relative  to  internal  improvements 
would  produce  results  honorable  and  useful  to  the  nation. 

loth.  I  received  a  letter  from  the  Vice-President,  Tompkins, 
informing  me  that  he  had  twice  taken  the  official  oaths  upon 
his  re-election — once  on  the  3d  of  March,  and  again  on  the 
5th,  upon  being  informed  of  the  President's  intention  to  take 
hfs  on  the  latter  of  those  two  days.  The  Vice-President  was 
not  here  at  all  during  the  late  session  of  Congress.  A  special 
messenger  was  sent  to  him  by  the  President  to  inform  him  of 
his  re-election,  and  he  took  the  oath  at  New  York. 

Mr.  Ninian  Edwards,  the  Senator  from  Illinois,  called  at  my 
office  and  took  leave.  I  had  some  conversation  with  him  upon 
political  affairs  and  the  state  of  parties,  especially  with  regard 
to  the  systematic  attack  upon  the  War  Department  and  Mr. 
Calhoun  which  has  been  carried  on  through  both  sessions  of 
the  late  Congress.  Cocke  and  Cannon,  of  Tennessee,  personal 
enemies  of  General  Jackson,  and  Lewis  Williams,  of  North 
Carolina,  a  personal  enemy  of  Calhoun,  have  been  its  prin 
cipal  leaders.  With  them  have  concurred  all  the  partisans  of 
Crawford  and  of  De  Witt  Clinton;  and  partly,  though  not 
completely,  Clay  and  his  band.  Combined,  they  constitute  a 
decided  majority  of  the  House  of  Representatives ;  but  their 
ulterior  views  are  discordant.  Clay  operates  for  himself,  and 
is  too  impatient  to  brook  the  delay  incident  to  a  full  coalition 
with  Crawford.  He  may  finally  settle  into  a  coalition  either 
with  Clinton  or  with  Tompkins,  and  would  specially  prefer  the 
latter.  Edwards  says  that  about  the  middle  of  the  last  session 
Crawford  had  lost  so  much  ground  in  the  public  opinion,  and 
in  Congress,  that  his  friends  had  almost  given  up  the  hope  of 
running  him  as  a  candidate  at  all ;  but  the  appearances  towards 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  327 

the  close  of  the  session  had  encouraged  them  again  ;  that  he 
has  indisputable  information  that  the  movement  in  Congress 
against  Jackson's  Seminole  campaign  was  instigated  and  sup 
ported  by  Crawford  ;  that  the  whole  system  of  Crawford's  con 
duct  is  war  in  disguise  against  the  Administration  of  which  he 
is  a  member;  that  he  has  had  a  long  conversation  with  George 
Hay,  the  President's  son-in-law,  upon  this  subject,  on  which  he 
has  very  explicitly  given  him  his  opinion  ;  that  Hay  spoke  of  it 
doubtingly ;  that  he  (Edwards)  had  last  evening  had  a  long 
conversation  with  Mr.  Calhoun,  whose  disposition  he  found 
excellent,  and  who  had  no  views  to  himself  for  the  next  Presi 
dency.  Fisher,  of  North  Carolina,  was  also  very  well  disposed. 
He  had  formed  a  very  unfavorable  opinion  of  Crawford  from 
the  course  he  had  pursued  on  the  Seminole  War  debate.  On 
that  question  Fisher  himself  had  been  against  Jackson,  and 
while  the  debate  was  in  progress  he  had  occasion  to  call,  with 
two  or  three  other  members,  upon  Mr.  Crawford  for  some 
other  business ;  that  Crawford  then  fully  opened  himself  to 
them  against  Jackson  and  the  campaign,  which,  Fisher  says, 
although  concurring  with  his  own  opinion  as  to  the  merits  of 
that  case,  disgusted  him  with  the  character  and  conduct  of 
Crawford. 

Edwards  spoke  also  of  Barton,  the  Senator  from  Missouri, 
as  a  man  of  good  intentions,  though  exasperated  by  the  slave 
question  and  the  delay  to  the  admission  of  the  State  into  the 
Union.  Two  or  three  angry  and  foolish  letters  from  Barton, 
written  here  during  the  late  session,  have  been  published  in  the 
St.  Louis  Enquirer,  a  Missouri  newspaper,  of  which  Benton, 
the  other  Senator,  is  half  owner  and  was  editor.  I  spoke  of 
those  letters,  which  glanced  insultingly  at  me  without  naming 
me.  He  said  that  they  were  written  under  embittered  and 
prejudiced  feelings,  but  that,  notwithstanding  them,  Barton  was 
a  reasonable  and  well-intending  man. 

I  said  that  might  be,  but  he  had  shown  me  neither  public 
justice  nor  private  civility,  nor  did  I  expect  anything  better 
from  him  in  future. 

Edwards  further  said  to  me  that  if  I  would  look  into  the 
Louisville  (Kentucky)  Public  Advertiser  I  should  find  it  a 


328  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

well-edited  newspaper.  This  is  the  paper  which,  at  the  strong 
solicitation  of  Colonel  R.  M.  Johnson,  was  appointed  to  print 
the  laws  of  Congress  at  this  last  session.  What  are  Edwards's 
connections  with  Colonel  R.  M.  Johnson  I  do  not  know.  John 
son's  politics  are  too  deeply  involved  with  his  private  interests, 
and  too  dependent  upon  them.  His  popularity  and  influence 
in  Kentucky  and  the  Western  country  have  neutralized  Clay's 
hostility,  and  perhaps  prevented  the  opposition  which  Clay  at 
one  time  intended  to  have  raised  against  the  re-election  of  Mr. 
Monroe.  I  am  afraid  that  this  advantage  has  been  purchased 
by  compliance  with  private  interests  and  speculations  of  John 
son  and  his  relatives,  in  which  the  public  interests  have  not 
been  so  rigidly  guarded  as  they  ought  to  have  been.  I  am  not 
without  suspicion  that  the  weight  and  influence  of  the  Ken 
tucky  Johnsons  is  at  market  to  the  highest  bidder.  Colonel 
R.  M.  is  a  man  of  great  intrigue  and  management,  and,  I  be 
lieve,  warm  and  honest-hearted,  but  plunged  irrecoverably  into 
private  bank,  land,  and  money  speculations,  till  he  has  lost  the 
thread  of  his  morals.  Such  men  are  not  my  natural  friends ; 
and  one  of  the  things  to  which,  whatever  may  be  my  fate,  I 
will  never  submit,  is  that  of  applying  a  different  scale  of  mo 
rality  to  my  friends  and  to  my  adversaries. 

nth.  I  was  occupied  great  part  of  the  day,  as  I  have  been 
many  days,  in  looking  up  the  papers  to  which  I  am  under  the 
necessity  of  recurring  to  answer  the  interrogatories  in  the  cause 
of  Leavitt  Harris  against  W.  D.  Lewis.  In  this  case  Harris 
prosecutes  Lewis  for  slander,  in  publishing  of  him  what  Harris 
at  the  same  time  knows  to  be  true.  He  lays  his  damages  at 
a  hundred  thousand  dollars,  and  has  feed  all  the  most  eminent 
lawyers  in  Philadelphia  to  carry  him  through  the  suit.  I  very 
unwillingly  give  my  deposition  in  this  case,  but  am  legally 
summoned,  and  believe  it  indispensable  to  the  ends  of  justice 
that  I  should  answer  fully  and  explicitly.  Harris  is  one  of 
those  mixed  characters  who,  with  some  very  good  qualities 
and  great  address,  has  not  the  firmness  to  withstand  the  tempta 
tion  of  profitable  venality.  His  situation  at  St.  Petersburg,  and 
the  circumstances  of  the  times,  gave  him  both  temptation  and 
opportunity  such  as  perhaps  was  never  presented  to  any  other 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  329 

public  officer  of  the  United  States ;  and  he  availed  himself  of 
it  precisely  to  the  extent  which  he  thought  he  could  do  and 
escape  detection.  He  made  a  princely  fortune  by  selling  his 
duty  and  his  office  at  the  most  enormous  prices.  His  "  pre 
mium  pudoris"  was  unconscionable.  Yet  he  sold  his  signature 
for  little  as  well  as  for  much,  and  was  like  the  lady  who,  while 
exacting  a  thousand  guineas  from  one  lover,  was  ready  to  grant 
the  same  favor  to  another  for  a  shilling.  I  was  very  slow  and 
dull  of  sight,  even  before  admitting  in  my  mind  a  suspicion 
against  Harris's  integrity.  When  I  could  no  longer  resist  that, 
I  was  much  more  reluctant  at  yielding  my  belief  to  his  prosti 
tution  ;  and  even  after  being  convinced  beyond  a  doubt  of  that, 
I  was  still  unwilling  to  expose  him.  He  now  avails  himself  of 
all  my  former  partiality,  indulgence,  and  forbearance  in  his 
favor  to  avow  the  intention  of  using  it  to  discredit  my  testi 
mony  against  him.  This,  and  his  late  attempt  to  bully  or  buy 
off  my  testimony  through  the  intervention  of  the  President,  I 
consider  as  the  desperation  of  a  drowning  man.  The  duty 
that  I  feel  to  be  most  incumbent  on  me  is,  not  to  suffer  it  to 
have  any  effect  upon  my  testimony;  and  I  am  re-examining  all 
my  papers  having  reference  to  these  transactions,  to  bring  all 
the  facts  as  fresh  as  possible  to  my  recollection.  I  suspect 
Harris  has  been  more  successful  in  his  expedients  to  ward  off 
the  testimony  of  others. 

1 3th.  There  was  a  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's  for  the 
consideration  of  Mr.  Clay's  claim  of  half  an  outfit  for  his  share 
in  the  negotiation  of  the  Commercial  Convention  of  3d  July, 
1815,  with  Great  Britain.  This  matter  belongs  properly  to  the 
business  of  the  Department  of  State.  But,  as  Mr.  Clay  has 
generally  opposed  the  Administration  of  Mr.  Monroe,  and  has 
been  pointedly  personal  on  several  occasions  to  me,  the  Presi 
dent,  as  a  matter  of  delicacy  to  me,  referred  it  to  the  Attorney- 
General  for  his  opinion  upon  the  precedents.  He  this  day  made 
his  report,  professing  and  proving  that  it  was  a  subject  altogether 
out  of  his  province,  but,  upon  a  view  quite  erroneous  of  most  of 
the  facts,  giving  his  opinion  in  favor  of  the  claim.  And  he  had 
told  Mr.  Clay  this  morning  that  he  had  made  such  favorable 
report.  Mr.  Clay  called  at  the  President's  twice  in  the  course 


MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

of  the  day,  to  press  for  a  decision  of  the  President  upon  the 
report  of  Mr.  Wirt  in  his  favor.  It  was,  however,  concluded 
by  the  President  that  he  could  not  decide  without  giving  time 
to  Mr.  Wirt  to  revise  his  opinion  upon  a  correct  view  of  the 
facts.  Mr.  B.  O.  Tyler  called  this  evening  at  my  house  with- 
a  subscription  paper  for  a  dinner  to  be  given  to  Mr.  Clay  to 
morrow  at  Brown's  Hotel.  I  told  Tyler  that  he  might  put 
down  my  name  to  the  subscription,  but  that  I  should  not  be 
able  to  attend  the  dinner. 

1 4th.  The  dinner  was  this  day  given  to  Mr.  Clay  at  Brown's 
Hotel,  at  which  he  was  toasted  and  made  a  speech.  This  is 
an  English  practice  which  has  never  been  usual  in  this  country. 
Clay  seems  to  be  desirous  of  introducing  it  here.  It  is  a  con 
venient  practice  for  men  who  wish  to  keep  themselves  forever 
in  the  public  eye.  It  is  for  such  men  a  triple  alliance  of  flattery, 
vanity,  and  egotism.  The  toast  is  always  a  fulsome  compliment 
to  the  man,  made  to  his  face,  and  he  makes  it  the  occasion  to 
manifest  his  rosy  pudency  in  receiving  it,  and  then  delivering 
another  semi-transparent  panegyric  upon  himself,  filled  with 
professions  of  his  gratitude  and  his  patriotic  principles.  Clay 
makes  it  also  an  occasion  for  doling  out  his  politics  in  driblets. 
It  gives  what  they  call  in  England  a  clever  man  an  oppor 
tunity  of  saying  smart  things  and  setting  clap-traps;  but  in 
England,  when  they  have  once  begun,  they  go  round  the  table; 
everybody  is  toasted,  and  everybody  makes  a  speech  of  ac 
knowledgment.  It  is  a  mixture  of  wit  and  dulness,  eloquence 
and  nonsense,  which  I  always  found  exceedingly  irksome  and 
tedious.  And  there  is  always  one  general  character  belonging 
to  it  and  inseparable  from  it — that  of  disgusting  egotism. 

1 8th.  I  have  at  last  finished  the  answers  to  the  interrogatories 
in  the  case  of  Leavitt  Harris  against  William  D.  Lewis,  and  have 
collected  the  papers  which  are  to  serve  as  vouchers  for  most  of 
the  facts  related  by  me.  But  all  the  Commissioners  for  taking 
the  deposition,  excepting  Walter  Jones,  were  members  of  Con 
gress,  and  are  now  all  gone.  Thinking  it  proper  to  keep  the 
original  draft  of  my  own  testimony,  I  shall  have  it  copied  at 
the  Department  of  State,  and  shall  depose  to  the  copy. 

1 9th.  There  was  a  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's,  attended 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^$1 

by  all  the  members  of  the  Administration  excepting  Mr.  Wirt, 
the  Attorney-General,  who  is  confined  by  illness.  The  object 
of  the  meeting  was  to  determine  what  should  be  done  with 
regard  to  the  fortifications  upon  Dauphin  Island,  at  the  mouth 
of  the  Mississippi  River.  They  are  part  of  an  extensive  system 
for  fortifying  the  whole  coast  of  the  United  States,  for  their 
protection,  in  the  event  of  any  future  war,  against  such  invasions 
as  we  suffered  in  the  last  war  with  England.  The  President, 
who  formed  this  project,  chiefly  from  the  experience  of  the 
defenceless  state  of  the  country  in  that  war,  had  set  his  heart 
upon  its  accomplishment,  and  looks  to  it  as  one  of  the  great 
objects  by  which  his  Administration  may  be  signalized  in  the 
view  of  posterity.  Large  appropriations  have  been  made  to 
effect  it,  for  several  successive  years,  by  Congress ;  but  now,  in 
the  penury  of  the  Treasury,  and  the  passion  for  retrenchment, 
they  have  not  only  reduced  the  amount  of  appropriations,  but 
withheld  them  for  the  fulfilment  of  contracts  already  made — 
for  that  of  Dauphin  Island  in  particular.  It  happens  that  there 
is  a  balance  of  a  former  appropriation,  unexpended,  of  which 
Congress  were  not  aware  when  they  passed  this  Military  Ap 
propriation  Act.  The  person  who  has  made  the  contract  for 
finishing  the  works,  and  has  consequently  made  provision  of 
the  materials  and  engaged  the  workmen,  may  be  ruined  by  the 
failure  on  the  part  of  the  public  to  perform  the  contract ;  and 
the  question  was  whether  this  unexpended  balance  of  appro 
priation  for  another  object  may  now  be  applied  to  the  fulfilment 
of  this  contract,  thus  proceeding  to  complete  the  works  con 
trary  to  the  sense  of  Congress,  so  strongly  manifested  by  their 
withholding  the  appropriation. 

The  opinions  were  various  upon  it.  One  of  the  reasons  upon 
which  Congress  withheld  the  appropriation,  was  an  opinion 
that  the  fortifications  at  that  place  would  be  useless,  though 
recommended  by  a  board  of  able  engineers  who  have  been  for 
years  employed  in  surveying  the  whole  coast  for  the  special 
purpose  of  fixing  upon  the  sites  proper  to  be  selected  with  a 
view  to  a  system  of  defence.  Mr.  Calhoun,  the  Secretary  at 
War,  seemed  inclined  to  think  that  this  unexpended  balance 
might  be  applied  to  the  fulfilment  of  the  contract  for  the 


332  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

Dauphin  Island  fortification,  in  the  confidence  that  Congress 
at  their  next  session  would  review  their  opinion  and  approve 
the  expenditure. 

The  President  not  only  adheres  to  the  opinion  of  the  useful 
ness  and  importance  of  the  works,  but  feels  a  deep  interest  in 
their  continuance,  as  necessary  to  the  completion  of  his  design. 
The  injury  to  the  public  interest  by  the  abandonment  of  the 
works  in  their  unfinished  state ;  the  double  cost  which  must 
be  occasioned  by  cancelling  the  contract  already  made  and 
resuming  the  work  hereafter;  the  flagrant  wrong  to  the  con 
tractor  by  breaking  the  contract  with  him  and  leaving  him 
with  all  his  collected  materials  and  engaged  laborers  upon 
his  hands,  were  all  taken  into  consideration. 

Crawford,  according  to  his  custom,  gave  no  direct  opinion, 
but  spoke  of  the  impression  of  Congress,  and  particularly  of 
General  S.  Smith,  Chairman  of  the  late  Committee  of  Ways 
and  Means  of  the  House,  at  whose  instance  the  appropriation 
was  struck  out,  that  these  works  would  be  useless,  because 
there  was  not  depth  of  water  for  any  naval  force  to  approach 
within  reach  of  the  battery;  and  Crawford  himself  counte 
nanced  the  idea. 

Calhoun  strongly  contested  it;  and  to  me  it  was  quite  in 
credible  that  a  board  of  engineers  specially  commissioned  to 
survey  the  whole  coast  and  select  spots  for  defence  should  have 
committed  such  an  egregious  blunder — the  board,  too,  consist 
ing  of  distinguished  officers,  and  their  report  being  admired 
as  of  the  first  ability.  I  was,  nevertheless,  of  opinion  that  the 
unexpended  balance  should  not  be  applied  to  this  expenditure. 
For  it  could  not  regularly  be  so  applied.  And  Congress,  with 
a  full  knowledge  of  all  the  circumstances,  having  refused  the 
appropriation,  to  apply  other  money  for  the  object  reprobated 
by  them  would  bring  the  Executive  in  direct  conflict  with 
them,  the  Executive  not  having  the  law  on  its  side.  The 
position  would  be  the  most  unfavorable  possible  for  such  a 
contest,  and,  from  the  disposition  manifested  by  the  last  Con 
gress,  I  had  no  doubt  the  next  would  be  still  more  stimulated 
to  make  a  quarrel  with  the  Executive.  If  it  must  come,  I 
thought  it  very  desirable  it  should  have  all  the  aid  that  it  can 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


333 


derive  from  the  law.  As  to  the  additional  expense  of  aban 
doning  and  resuming  the  work,  Congress,  and  not  the  Execu 
tive,  must  be  responsible  for  that.  It  was  doubtful  to  me 
whether  they  would  resume  it  at  all.  As  to  the  wrong  suffered 
by  the  individual  in  the  failure  of  his  contract,  it  was  most 
respectful  to  Congress  to  suppose  that  when  the  case  shall 
be  properly  brought  before  them  they  will  make  suitable 
provision  to  indemnify  him,  so  that  the  public  faith  may  be 
preserved. 

It  was  finally  determined  that  the  balance  of  money  should 
not  be  applied  to  this  object,  but  the  contractor  should  be 
informed  that  the  opinion  and  wish  of  the  President  is  in  favor 
of  continuing  the  work,  and  that  this  will  be  made  known  to 
Congress  at  their  next  session  ;  that  if  the  contractor  chooses 
to  proceed  upon  the  work  with  this  view,  and  by  means  of  his 
own  funds,  the  Executive  considers  the  contract  as  binding 
upon  the  United  States,  although  Congress  alone  can  provide 
the  means  for  its  fulfilment. 

2Oth.  I  called  at  the  President's  concerning  the  commissions 
and  instructions  to  General  Jackson  for  Florida.  He  desired 
me  to  see  Mr.  Calhoun  and  concert  with  him  the  corresponding 
instructions  to  be  issued  from  the  War  Department.  I  called 
at  the  War  Office,  and  Calhoun  promised  to  furnish  me  copies 
of  the  instructions  from  that  Department.  I  spoke  to  Mr. 
Calhoun  of  the  decision  at  the  Cabinet  meeting  yesterday,  and 
told  him  that  on  this  or  any  other  subject  resorting  from  the 
War  Department,  which  might  become  a  subject  of  general 
consultation  by  the  whole  Administration,  if  he  had  any 
preference  of  views  with  regard  to  measures,  I  should  always 
take  pleasure  in  concurring  with  them  and  supporting  them. 

He  said  it  was  at  his  own  request  that  the  President  had 
called  the  Cabinet  meeting  yesterday.  He  had  himself  been  in 
doubt  what  would  be  the  most  advisable  measure.  He  had 
before  the  meeting  rather  inclined  to  the  employment  of  the 
money,  in  the  confidence  that  Congress  would  appropriate  at 
the  next  session.  But  he  was  satisfied  with  the  decision,  and 
believed  it  to  be  the  best  that  could  have  been  taken  on  the 
case.  He  then  asked  me  if  Mr.  Gallatin  would  return  this  year 


334  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

to  the  United  States.  I  said  I  thought  he  would  not.  He  said 
if  he  should,  it  would  be  desirable  that  Mr.  Lowndes  should  be 
informed  of  it  as  soon  as  possible.  He  wished  that  Mr.  Lowndes 
might  be  appointed  to  the  mission,  and,  if  he  should,  he  would 
have  some  private  and  domestic  concerns  to  settle  before  he 
could  embark,  which  would  require  some  time.  I  promised,  in 
case  Mr.  Gallatin  should  announce  his  intention  to  return,  that 
I  would  give  Calhoun  immediate  notice  of  it. 

Here  closes  the  sixth,  volume  of  the  journal,  which  I  have 
kept  without  the  intermission  of  a  day  since  the  1st  of  Janu 
ary,  1/95-  Had  I  spent  upon  any  work  of  science  or  literature 
the  time  employed  upon  this  diary,  it  might  perhaps  have  been 
permanently  useful  to  my  children  and  my  country.  I  have 
devoted  too  much  time  to  it.  My  physical  powers  sink  under 
it.  On  the  day  with  which  I  close,  it  was  in  arrear  from  the 
preceding  6th  of  November,  and  I  have  only  brought  up  that 
arrear  on  the  I4th  day  of  July.  I  had  hoped  to  keep  this  as  a 
minute  and  circumstantial  record  of  my  share  in  the  affairs  of 
my  country  while  I  continue  a  member  of  its  Administration. 
I  must  renounce  this  hope,  and  content  myself  with  a  mere 
abridgment  of  memoranda  in  future.  In  summer  I  can  barely 
keep  pace  with  the  current  of  events.  In  winter,  during  the 
sessions  of  Congress,  one  indispensable  occupation  succeeds 
another,  which  absorb  the  morning  hours,  and  leave  me  none 
for  the  daily  narrative  of  yesterdays. 


WASHINGTON,  22d. — Mr.  Calhoun  called  at  my  house,  and  I 
went  to  the  Navy  Department  to  complete  the  arrangements 
for  taking  possession  of  the  Floridas.  We  have  stipulated  to 
transport  the  Spanish  officers  and  troops  with  their  baggage  to 
the  Havanna,  and,  by  a  liberal  construction  of  the  article,  have 
considered  this  engagement  as  including  that  of  furnishing 
provisions  for  them  on  the  passage.  We  have  also  engaged 
to  provide  an  escort  for  them.  The  Secretary  at  War  issues, 
through  the  Quartermaster's  Department,  orders  for  hiring  the 
transports  and  supplying  the  provisions,  and  the  Secretary  of 


I82I.J  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

the  Navy  issues  the  orders  for  the  escort.  They  are  all  to  be 
provided  at  two  points — one  for  Pensacola  and  the  other  for 
St.  Augustine. 

24th.  I  am  now  employed  upon  the  draft  of  a  letter  to  the 
Baron  Hyde  de  Neuville  on  the  subject  of  a  claim  to  exclusive 
privileges  in  the  ports  of  Louisiana,  for  which  there  is  a  plausible 
color,  but  only  a  color,  in  the  eighth  article  of  the  cession  treaty. 
This  claim  was  first  advanced  by  him  in  December,  1817,  and 
was  then  answered  by  me.  He  replied  by  a  long  note,  insist 
ing  upon  it,  in  June,  1818.  The  discussion  was  then  useless, 
and  I  left  this  second  note  unanswered.  When  the  commercial 
negotiation  was  commenced  last  summer  with  Mr.  Gallatin,  the 
French  Government  immediately  brought  forward  this  claim ; 
and,  as  he  was  not  instructed  upon  it,  they  made  it  a  pretence 
for  transferring  the  negotiation  to  this  place  and  for  sending 
back  De  Neuville.  It  will  make  a  volume  of  diplomatic  alter 
cation  to  no  earthly  purpose. 

25th.  I  went  with  Dr.  Thornton  this  morning  to  the  Quaker 
meeting.  There  were  from  forty  to  fifty  men  present,  and  about 
as  many  females.  We  sat  nearly  two  hours  in  perfect  silence — 
no  moving  of  the  spirit;  and  I  seldom,  in  the  course  of  my 
life,  passed  two  hours  more  wearily.  Perhaps  from  not  having 
been  inured  to  this  form  of  public  worship,  I  found  myself 
quite  unable  to  reduce  my  mind  to  that  musing  meditation 
which  makes  the  essence  of  this  form  of  devotion.  It  was 
rambling  from  this  world  to  the  next,  and  from  the  next 
back  to  this,  chance-directed;  and,  curious  to  know  what  was 
really  passing  in  the  minds  of  those  around  me,  I  asked  Dr. 
Thornton,  after  we  came  out,  what  he  had  been  thinking  of 
while  we  had  been  there.  He  said  he  did  not  know ;  he  had 
been  much  inclined  to  sleep.  Solitude  and  silence  are  natural 
allies,  and  social  silence  may  be  properly  allied  with  social 
labor.  But  social  meditation  is  an  incongruity.  I  felt,  on 
coming  from  this  meeting,  as  if  I  had  wasted  precious  time. 

26th.  I  had  sent  to  the  President  on  Saturday  evening  my 
draft  of  a  letter  to  the  Baron  Hyde  de  Neuville  on  the  claim 
of  France  under  the  Louisiana  cession  Treaty ;  and  I  received 
this  morning  a  note  from  the  President  directing  a  Cabinet 


336  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [March, 

meeting  at  his  house  at  twelve  o'clock  this  day.  It  was  accord 
ingly  held,  and  attended  by  all  the  members  of  the  Adminis 
tration  except  Mr.  Wirt,  the  Attorney-General,  who  is  confined 
by  illness  to  his  house.  My  draft  was  a  reply  to  De  Neuville's 
letter  of  6th  June,  1818.  Both  were  read,  and  both  contain 
elaborate  counter-arguments.  I  requested  that  my  draft  might 
be  severely  scrutinized,  particularly  with  regard  to  the  ground 
of  argument  which  it  assumed.  The  French  claim  has  a  strong 
color  of  plausibility,  and  it  was  important  that  we  should,  in 
resisting  it,  take  no  stand  from  which  we  might  hereafter  find 
it  necessary  to  withdraw.  There  was  no  diversity  of  opinion 
upon  the  discussion.  There  are  two  untenable  points  in  the 
claim  :  one,  that  it  is  broader  than  the  stipulation  upon  which 
it  is  founded ;  the  other,  that  upon  a  promise  of  equal  favor  it 
claims  gratuitously  that  which  has  been  granted  to  others  for 
an  equivalent.  Mr.  Crawford  made  a  sound  objection  to  one 
expression  in  the  draft  as  too  harsh,  and  I  immediately  altered 
it.  The  rest  was  approved. 

But  the  Baron  de  Neuville  appears  determined  to  pick  a 
quarrel  upon  another  affair — the  seizure  of  the  Apollon  in  St. 
Mary's  River.  Although  he  came  without  any  instructions 
from  his  Government  on  the  subject,  he  has  repeatedly  hinted 
that  satisfaction  must  be  given  to  France  concerning  it  before 
he  can  agree  to  any  arrangement  of  a  merely  commercial  in 
terest.  He  wrote  me  a  note  some  weeks  since,  to  enquire 
whether  another  vessel,  called  the  Edmond,  which  grounded  in 
the  attempt  to  enter  St.  Augustine,  and  then  went  and  entered, 
as  in  distress,  at  Amelia  Island,  could  there  take  in  a  cargo 
from  the  United  States  without  being  molested.  This  has  led 
to  a  correspondence,  in  one  note  of  which  De  Neuville  asserts 
that  a  grave  error  has  been  committed,  referring  to  the  case  of 
the  Apollon,  and  meaning,  by  the  American  Government.  I  am 
to  reply  also  to  this  note.  The  Edmond  has  not  been  allowed 
to  ship  goods  from  the  United  States  into  Amelia  Island,  but 
the  disposition  of  the  President,  and  most  especially  of  Mr. 
Crawford,  is  to  give  up  the  Apollon.  She  was  seized  under  an 
order  from  the  Treasury  of  6th  May,  1818,  but  they  seem  to 
think  that  order  was  not  warranted  by  law.  I  think  otherwise; 


iS2i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT    OF  STATE.  337 

but  the  District  Attorney  in  Georgia,  Habersham,  countenances 
the  opinion  that  there  is  no  law  to  reach  the  case.  It  had  been 
determined  after  the  seizure  of  the  Apollon  to  have  the  case 
tried  in  the  District  and  Circuit  Courts,  and  if  the  decision  in 
them  should  be  against  the  Government,  to  bring  it  up  by  ap 
peal  to  the  Supreme  Court.  The  final  decision  could  not  have 
been  had  in  less  than  two  or  three  years,  and  in  the  mean  time 
the  fraudulent  use  of  the  Florida  Territory  could  not  have  been 
made  for  evading  and  defeating  the  laws  of  the  Union;  the 
main  object  of  this  profligate  scheme  would  have  been  discon 
certed,  and  if  the  captain  and  owners  of  the  Apollon  must  finally 
be  indemnified  by  the  Government,  it  would  cost  only  a  trifling; 

J  *  o 

sum  in  comparison  with  the  heavy  loss  to  the  public  by  the 
success  and  impunity  of  the  project.  But  since  the  ratification 
by  Spain  of  the  Florida  Treaty,  the  same  object  will  be  attained 
by  another  process.  The  boundary  is  transferred  from  the  St. 
Mary's  to  the  Sabine  River.  Florida  becomes  our  own,  and 
offers  no  longer  a  lurking-hole  for  foreign  smugglers.  There 
is  no  motive  for  keeping  the  decision  upon  the  case  of  the 
Apollon  suspended,  and,  as  the  legality  of  the  Treasury  order 
of  6th  May,  1818,  is  questionable,  it  was  now  concluded  that  I 
should  direct  the  District  Attorney  in  Georgia  to  dismiss  the 
appeal  from  the  decision  of  the  District  Court,  which  was  only 
a  decree  pro  forma,  and  order  the  restoration  of  the  Apollon  to 
her  captain,  leaving  him  to  his  action  against  the  Collector  for 
indemnity.  I  was  convinced  this  would  in  no  wise  satisfy  De 
Neuville,  and  only  acquiesced  in,  without  approving  the  meas 
ure.  I  am  also  to  enclose  to  De  Neuville  copies  of  the  papers 
communicated  with  my  answer  to  General  Vives  on  the  case  of 
the  Apollon. 

29th.  I  received  this  morning  a  note  from  the  President, 
returning  the  draft  of  the  letter  to  the  French  Minister,  with 
suggestions  of  a  few  alterations,  all  of  which  I  adopted,  though 
in  one  instance  with  reluctance.  In  his  letter,  referring  to  our 
proceedings  in  the  case  of  the  Apollon,  he  had  asserted  that  a 
grave  error  had  been  committed.  This  imputation  of  error  to 
a  Government,  by  a  foreign  Minister  accredited  to  it,  is  so  inde 
corous  and  offensive  that  I  had  answered  it  in  the  draft  more 

VOL.  V. — 22 


338  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

sharply  than  the  President  thinks  necessary.  He  alters  it  there 
fore  to,  "  you  appear  to  assume  as  a  fact,  what  this  Government 
can  never  admit,  namely,  that  a  grave  error  has  been  committed," 
etc.  There  is  a  feebleness  and  a  symptom  of  hesitation  in  this 
turn  of  phrase  which  De  Neuville  will  seize  upon  to  push  us  hard 
upon  that  point.  In  the  draft  I  had  turned  the  attack  upon 
himself,  and  put  him  upon  the  defensive  for  the  imputation.  I 
sent  him  this  day  the  long  answer  to  his  letter  of  6th  June,  1818, 
upon  the  Louisiana  claim,  and  also  received  a  note  from  him. 

3 1 st.  I  received  from  the  Baron  Hyde  de  Neuville  a  letter  in 
reply  to  mine  upon  the  Louisiana  claim.  Without  abandoning 
the  ground  of  his  first  demand,  he  now  assumes  another.  His 
first  claim  was  that  French  vessels  should  be  received  in  the 
ports  of  Louisiana  paying  no  higher  duties  than  British  vessels 
pay  in  all  the  ports  of  the  Union.  He  now  claims  that  if  they 
are  not  entitled  to  this,  they  should  at  least  be  exempted  from 
the  extra  tonnage  duty,  which  is  not  paid  by  nations  with  whom 
we  have  no  treaty.  This  claim  is  more  plausible  but  not  more 
sound  than  the  other. 

April  $s\.  I  was  occupied  in  preparing  dispatches  to  R.  Rush, 
A.  H.  Everett,  and  H.  Middleton,  to  go  by  the  New  York  and 
Liverpool  packet  which  is  to  sail  on  the  loth  of  this  month. 
It  is  perhaps  the  most  laborious  and  difficult  part  of  the  duties 
of  the  State  Department  to  hold  at  once  the  threads  of  our 
different  relations  with  all  the  European  powers.  It  is  said 
of  Julius  Caesar  that  he  dictated  letters  to  four  secretaries  at 
the  same  time — an  achievement  which  every  statesman  deeply 
involved  in  business  finds  it  necessary  to  accomplish.  Mr. 
Thompson  gave  me  to  read  a  letter  from  R.  King,  the  Senator 
from  New  York,  concerning  our  relations  with  South  America 
and  with  France,  and  suggesting  again  the  expediency  of  send 
ing  a  Minister  to  Brazil. 

5th.  I  called  at  the  President's,  and  left  with  him  a  confiden 
tial  letter  from  the  Baron  Hyde  de  Neuville,  dated  yesterday 
and  received  this  day.  It  is  upon  the  case  of  the  Apollon,  and 
written  in  a  spirit  requiring  such  an  answer  as  would  lead  to 
the  immediate  rupture  of  the  negotiation.  But,  as  it  is  confi 
dential,  it  may  be  best  to  postpone  the  answer  for  the  present 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE,  339 

6th.  I  received  this  morning  a  note  from  the  President,  with 
a  notification  for  a  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  Administra 
tion  at  noon.  The  meeting  was  held  accordingly.  All  present 
except  Mr.  VVirt.  The  confidential  note  of  the  Baron  de  Neu- 
ville  was  the  subject  of  consideration.  It  is  a  very  long  and 
sophistical  defence  of  the  captain  of  the  Apollon;  an  elaborate 
argument  in  support  of  the  assertion  in  a  former  note,  that  a 
great  error  had  been  committed  (meaning  by  the  American 
Government),  and  a  final  declaration  that  upon  his  conscience 
he  thinks  that  no  arrangement  of  commercial  interests  between 
France  and  the  United  States  can  take  place  until  this  error 
shall  have  been  acknowledged  and  repaired. 

This  peremptory  demand  of  an  acknowledgment  of  error 
on  one  point  as  a  condition  precedent  to  an  agreement  upon 
another,  was  of  course  deemed  inadmissible  by  us  all.  But  it 
was  thought  by  Mr.  Calhoun  that  it  was  De  Neuville's  inten 
tion  to  break  off  the  negotiation  upon  this  point,  so  that  it 
might  not  have  to  the  world  the  appearance  of  breaking  off 
upon  the  others,  especially  the  navigation  question.  The 
President  inclined  to  the  opinion  that  De  Neuville  had  in 
dulged  his  passion,  and  that  he  would  not  be  supported  in  the 
ground  he  has  taken  even  by  his  own  Government.  My  own 
opinion  is  that  De  Neuville  finds  himself  personally  implicated 
in  this  discussion.  He  told  me  that  the  merchants  in  France 
had  made  enquiries  of  the  Royal  Council  of  Commerce  whether 
they  might  come  to  Amelia  Island  and  St.  Mary's  River  and 
transact  their  business  with  the  United  States  without  being 
subjected  to  the  tonnage  duties;  and  the  Council,  by  his  advice, 
had  answered  that  they  might.  This  I  believe  to  be  the  prin 
cipal  cause  of  the  temper  which  he  displays  on  this  occasion. 
But  I  observed  that  this  letter  was  confidential ;  that  if  I 
should  •  now  answer  it  as  it  deserves,  he  might  complain  of 
unfair  usage ;  he  might  say  that,  being  confidential,  if  there 
was  anything  exceptionable  in  it  I  should  have  made  it  known 
by  a  verbal  and  friendly  remonstrance,  upon  which  he  might 
have  withdrawn  his  letter  or  altered  it  so  as  to  render  it  entirely 
inoffensive.  I  therefore  proposed  that  I  should  write  him  a 
short  note,  inviting  him  to  suspend  for  the  present  this  discus- 


340  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

sion;  and  it  was  so  determined.  I  accordingly  wrote  it,  and  in 
the  evening  received  his  reply,  which  was  brought  to  my  house 
by  Mr.  Thierry  of  the  French  Legation.  He  consents  to  the 
suspension,  with  the  understanding  that  he  is  to  render  his 
confidential  note  of  the  4th  instant  official  at  his  option.  He 
desired  me  to  give  Thierry  a  verbal  answer.  I  accepted  the 
proposal,  and  told  Thierry  that  the  note  would  be  considered 
either  confidential  or  official,  at  his  (the  Baron's)  pleasure. 

/th.  Mr.  T.  P.  Barton  came,  a  son  of  the  late  Dr.  Barton,  of 
Philadelphia,  a  young  man  who  is  going  to  spend  four  years  in 
Europe  for  improvement — that  is  to  say,  to  make  himself  good 
for  nothing.  He  was  with  his  father  in  London  when  I  saw 
him  there  in  1815,  and  was  then  a  boy.  He  is  now  a  handsome 
young  man,  just  fit  to  be  ruined  by  a  residence  in  Europe  for 
improvement. 

loth.  The  Baron  Hyde  de  Neuville  came  to  the  office,  and 
we  had  a  conversation  upon  the  subject  of  a  commercial  treaty. 
He  affects  to  think  everything  clear  and  easy.  But  he  per 
severes  in  the  claim  of  special  privileges  for  French  vessels  in 
Louisiana.  He  insists  upon  a  Consular  Convention ;  he  de 
mands  an  article  stipulating  to  deliver  up  deserting  seamen  ; 
he  asks  a  diminution  of  duties  upon  the  importation  of  French 
productions;  and  he  offers  for  all  this  a  diminution,  to  be  re 
ciprocal,  of  one-third  of  the  tonnage  duties,  direct  and  indirect, 
on  both  sides. 

I  told  him  it  was  impossible  we  should  ever  come  to  an 
agreement  upon  such  terms. 

He  asked  then  that  we  should  propose  our  terms.  I  told 
him  that  we  might  agree  to  a  Consular  Convention,  differing 
much,  however,  from  the  old  one;  that  we  might  agree  to  an 
article  for  restoring  deserter  seamen ;  that  we  might  consent 
to  a  diminution  of  duties,  upon  French  articles;  but  that  for 
all  this  we  should  ask  entire  reciprocity  upon  the  tonnage 
article — a  total  abolition  of  the  discriminating  duties  on  both 
sides. 

He  said  that  was  altogether  out  of  the  question.  The 
French  merchants  knew  that  upon  such  an  arrangement  the 
whole  commerce  between  the  two  countries  would  be  carried 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  341 

by  American  vessels.  The  French  wished  only  for  their  por 
tion  of  it.  Half  the  shipping  concerned  in  the  trade  would 
satisfy  them. 

The  Baron  has  shown  great  want  of  judgment  in  coming 
back  to  this  country,  where  it  is- impossible  he  should  accom 
plish  anything,  and  whence,  having  once  got  away  with  credit, 
he  must  now  go  away  without  giving  or  receiving  satisfaction. 

nth.  Received  a  notification  from  the  President  to  attend 
a  Cabinet  meeting  at  his  house  at  one  o'clock.  The  meeting 
was  accordingly  held  ;  all  present  except  Mr.  Wirt,  the  Attor 
ney-General.  The  subject  considered  was  the  draft  by  the 
Secretary  of  War  of  instructions  to  Mr.  Preston,  the  Commis 
sioner  under  the  treaty  recently  concluded  with  the  Creek  In 
dians,  for  ascertaining  the  amount  of  losses  by  certain  citizens 
of  the  State  of  Georgia  by  the  depredations  of  the  Creeks, 
indemnity  for  which  is  stipulated  by  this  treaty. 

I  took  little  part  in  this  deliberation,  with  the  foundation  of 
which  I  was  not  sufficiently  conversant  to  form  a  considerate 
opinion,  except  with  regard  to  one  question.  Many  of  the 
losses  occurred  from  twenty  to  thirty  years  back;  and  most 
of  them  consisted  of  negro  slaves  and  cattle.  The  question  is, 
whether  the  claim  of  indemnity  shall  be  allowed  not  only  for 
the  losses  themselves,  but  for  their  increase  by  propagation,  or 
for  interest  upon  their  value. 

There  was  much  discussion  of  this  question  ;  Mr.  Crawford 
observing  that  neither  the  sufferers  nor  the  people  of  Georgia 
would  be  satisfied  with  the  indemnity  unless  the  allowance 
should  be  made.  But  it  was  observed  to  be  scarcely  possible 
to  fix  any  rate  of  allowance  on  this  account.  The  increase  of 
the  cattle  could  not  possibly  be  ascertained;  that  of  the  slaves 
was  almost  as  inaccessible.  A  rate  of  interest  upon  the  value 
would  be  very  difficult  to  fix,  and,  after  all,  would  operate  very 
unequally.  If  interest  at  six  per  cent,  should  be  allowed  on 
the  assumed  value,  the  claim  for  interest  in  many  of  the  cases 
would  amount  to  double  the  value,  and  more,  of  the  original 
claim.  The  sum  appropriated,  being  limited,  would  in  all  prob 
ability  be  found  inadequate  to  the  payment  of  the  claims  with 
this  allowance,  and  then  it  must  be  apportioned  in  a  very  un- 


342  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

equal  manner,  some  claimants  losing-  only  a  part  of  the  interest, 
and  the  others  a  part  of  their  principal 

I  suggested  that  the  allowance  of  interest  in  such  cases  had 
not  heretofore  been  usual,  or  at  least  had  always  been  subject 
to  modification,  and  referred  specially  to  the  three  per  cent, 
stock  created  by  Mr.  Hamilton's  system,  from  the  interest  which 
at  the  time  was  due  on  the  debt  to  be  funded.  I  cited  this  to 
prove  that  the  practice  of  the  Government  had  been  to  con 
sider  interest,  even  when  promised  by  contract,  more  under  the 
control  of  the  Government  than  the  principal. 

Mr.  Crawford  denied  that  there  was  any  such  discrimination 
in  Hamilton's  Funding  Act.  He  said  that  it  divided  the  whole 
debt  then  existing-,  principal  and  interest,  into  three  parts, 
funding  one-third  of  it  at  six  per  cent.,  interest  payable  imme 
diately;  one-third  in  deferred  stock,  upon  which  interest  was 
to  commence  at  six  per  cent,  after  ten  years;  and  one-third  at 
three  per  cent,  immediately. 

I  think  it  a  duty  to  treat  Mr.  Crawford  with  delicacy.  As  I 
had  referred  to  the  Funding  Act  merely  to  illustrate  the  princi 
ple,  and  as  I  thought  it  would  mortify  him  to  have  the  book 
produced  in  the  face  of  his  denial,  I  did  not  insist  upon  or 
prove  the  position  I  had  assumed.  I  urged,  however,  the 
danger  to  the  Government  of  admitting  as  a  principle  that 
upon  claims  of  indemnity  the  demand  for  interest  or  increase 
rests  upon  the  same  grounds  as  that  for  the  principal. 

It  was  finally  concluded  that  the  instruction  should  be  to 
ascertain  separately  the  amount  of  actual  loss  and  that  of  claim 
for  interest  or  increase ;  to  make  provision  first  for  the  former, 
and,  if  a  balance  of  the  public  appropriation  should  be  left,  to 
take  the  claim  for  interest  into  further  consideration.  The 
meeting  was  continued  till  five  o'clock,  and  the  President 
directed  another  meeting  to-morrow  at  half-past  one  o'clock, 
to  take  into  consideration  the  Baron  Hyde  de  Neuville's 
project  for  a  Commercial  Convention. 

1 2th.  The  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's  was  held,  and 
the  substance  of  the  Baron  de  Neuville's  verbal  proposals  for 
a  Commercial  Convention  was  discussed.  They  are  proposals 
upon  which  it  is  utterly  impossible  to  expect  any  arrangement. 


i82i.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

He  demands  a  reduction  of  duties  upon  Frenc4i  wines  im 
ported  into  this  country,  a  reduction  of  duties  upon  French 
silks,  or  an  increase  upon  China  silks ;  a  Consular  Convention 
upon  the  basis  of  that  of  1/88,  and  a  reduction  of  the  duties 
upon  merchandise  imported  into  the  United  States ;  and  for  all 
this  he  offers  a  reduction,  which  he  says  under  no  circum 
stances  whatever  can  exceed  the  amount  of  one-third,  upon 
the  extra  duties  upon  cotton,  potash,  rice,  and  tobacco,  when 
imported  in  American  vessels  into  France.  This  reduction 
would  still  leave  a  prohibitory  duty  upon  the  importation  of 
American  articles  in  American  vessels.  Examining  his  pro 
posals  in  detail,  it  was  thought  that  the  reduction  of  duties 
upon  French  wines  might  be  accepted,  as  well  as  the  alter 
native  either  of  reducing  the  duties  upon  French  silks  or  of 
increasing  them  upon  those  of  India. 

To  this,  however,  I  suggested  some  objections.  The  differ 
ence  of  quality  and  of  price  between  French  and  India  silks  is 
so  great  that  even  prohibitory  duties  upon  the  latter  would 
scarcely  increase  the  consumption  of  the  former.  Our  importa 
tion  of  silks  from  India  and  China  is  now  very  great.  It  forms 
a  large  portion  of  our  commerce,  and  especially  of  the  com 
merce  the  most  profitable  to  those  who  are  engaged  in  it.  To 
break  it  up  would  produce  extensive  dissatisfaction  among  the 
merchants.  It  would  also  dissatisfy  the  people  of  the  countries 
from  which  we  received  the  India  silks.  As  to  China,  we  need 
not  much  concern  ourselves  how  the  people  there  would  take  it; 
but  in  India  our  trade  is  with  people  under  British  dominion.  Its 
continuance  is  dependent  upon  British  good  will,  and,  although 
they  have  no  right  to  object  to  our  increasing  the  duties  upon 
it,  I  think  we  should  soon  feel  the  effects  of  their  displeasure. 

These  opinions,  however,  met  no  concurrence.  It  was  in 
sisted  that  we  had  an  unquestionable  right  to  impose  the  duties  ; 
that  no  nation  had  a  right  to  take  offence  at  it,  and  it  was  pre 
sumed  that  none  would  ;  that  the  India  and  China  trade,  though 
profitable  to  individuals,  was  not  so  to  the  nation,  and  that  it 
would  be  good  policy  to  burden  it  with  heavy  duties.  With 
regard  to  the  Consular  Convention,  it  was  thought  advisable  to 
agree  to  that  part  also  of  the  Baron's  proposals. 


344  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

I  observed  that  the  old  Consular  Convention  had  always  been 
unpopular  in  this  country,  and  always  a  favorite  instrument  of 
influence  to  France.  I  recurred  to  the  history  of  that  Consular 
Convention,  and  to  the  able  and  elaborate  report  of  Mr.  Jay  to 
the  old  Congress  against  it. 

The  President  said  he  had  been  a  member  of  the  old  Con 
gress  when  that  report  of  Mr.  Jay's  was  made,  that  he  remem 
bered  it  well,  and  had  been  against  the  Convention.  But  it 
might  be  revived  with  modifications  which  would  avoid  its 
objectionable  parts.  After  accepting  all  these  demands,  it  was 
concluded  that  we  should  demand  in  return  the  revocation  (to 
be  reciprocal)  of  all  discriminating  duties.  As  it.  was,  however, 
understood  that  De  Neuville  will  not  agree  to  this,  the  ques 
tion  was  discussed  whether  we  should  in  any  event  agree  to 
discriminating  duties  which  will  operate  unequally  against  us. 
Hitherto  the  expressed  opinion  in  the  Administration  has  been 
unanimous  that  we  should  agree  to  no  such  principle,  but  Mr. 
Crawford  now  declared  himself  in  favor  of  it.  He  also  said  he 
had  been  against  the  passage  of  the  extra  French  Tonnage  Act 
of  1 5th  May  last.  This  assertion  surprised  Mr.  Calhoun  much, 
and  me  a  little.  For,  although  the  principle  of  that  Act  was 
once  and  again  canvassed  at  Cabinet  meetings,  not  a  lisp 
against  it  was  ever  heard  from  Mr.  Crawford  there.  But  he 
may  have  worked  underhandedly  against  it  with  members  of 
the  House,  or  of  the  committee  who  reported  it.  His  reasons 
now  for  agreeing  to  discriminating  duties  of  unequal  operation 
unfavorably  to  ourselves  are,  that  France  will  consent  to  no 
other  terms;  that  if  the  present  virtual  interdiction  of  direct 
commerce  in  French  or  American  vessels  should  continue,  we 
shall  be  obliged  to  pass  more  restrictive  laws,  like  those  of  em 
bargo  times,  which  he  thinks  would  excite  great  disaffection  to 
the  Government,  and  yet  prove  ineffectual  for  their  purpose; 
all  which  certainly  has  weight.  But  when  we  get  possession 
of  Florida  there  will  be  less  occasion  for  any  additional  re 
strictive  laws,  as  there  will  be  less  of  means  for  evading  those 
that  exist.  And  I  insisted  that  there  was  neither  reason  nor 
justice  in  this  demand  of  France.  Its  principle  was,  that  our 
seamen  were  better  navigators,  and  our  merchants  more  skil- 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  345 

ful  in  their  business,  than  those  of  France,  and  this  demand 
was,  that  we  should  join  to  load  with  our  own  hands  a  burden 
upon  our  own  people  to  restore  the  balance.  That  the  same 
result  may  be  produced  ty  the  laws  and  ordinances  of  France 
in  despite  of  us  is  possible;  but  we  should  not  be  chargeable 
with  having  subscribed  to  it  ourselves.  I  asserted  that  the 
principle  of  equal  reciprocity  in  our  commercial  intercourse 
with  foreign  nations  had  been  a  fundamental  maxim  of  our 
policy  from  the  time  of  our  Declaration  of  Independence,  and, 
although  there  might  have  been  occasional  deviations  from  it, 
there  had  been  none  comparable  to  this. 

Mr.  Crawford  did  not  agree  with  me.  He  cited  our  own 
system  of  discriminating  duties,  which  has  been  in  force  ever 
since  the  year  1/90,  and  asserted  that  General  S.  Smith,  of 
Baltimore,  was  the  first  who  had  proposed  equalizing  the 
duties ;  and  that  it  was  long  before  he  succeeded  in  obtaining 
the  Act  of  3d  March,  1815. 

I  referred  to  our  treaty  with  France  of  6th  February,  17/8, 
and  to  Mr.  Jefferson's  report  to  Congress  of  December,  1793, 
in  proof  of  my  positions.  This  discussion  was  finally  post 
poned,  with  the  understanding  that  for  the  present  we  are  to 
claim  a  mutual  abolition  of  all  discriminating  duties. 

1 3th.  I  received  this  morning  a  note  from  the  President 
requesting  me  to  call  at  his  house  before  I  should  see  the 
Baron  de  Neuville,  with  whom  I  had  fixed  one  o'clock  for  an 
interview.  I  went  to  the  President's  accordingly.  His  object 
was  only  to  mention  again  the  importance  which  he  attached 
to  this  negotiation  with  France.  From  what  has  passed,  he  has 
little  expectation  that  it  will  terminate  in  a  satisfactory  arrange 
ment,  and  he  is  particularly  anxious  that  we  should  have  in 
the  end  the  advantage  of  having  offered  very  liberal  terms.  He 
was  therefore  disposed  to  agree  to  the  reduction  of  the  duties 
upon  French  articles  imported  into  this  country,  and  also  to  a 
Consular  Convention  properly  modified,  to  which  I  had  yester 
day  appeared  to  be  averse.  I  told  the  President  I  should  not 
object'  either  to  the  reduction  of  duties  on  French  articles  or 
to  a  Consular  Convention  duly  modified.  But,  as  the  principal 
object  for  which  France  wanted  the  Consular  Convention  was 


346  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

for  an  article  stipulating  the  restoration  of  deserting  seamen,  if 
we  should  not  agree  for  the  whole  Convention  we  might  for 
such  an  article. 

I  then  went  to  the  office,  and  had  the  proposed  conference 
with  the  Baron.  He  set  forth  his  propositions.  They  demand 
that  we  should  reduce  our  duties  upon  French  wines  from 
fifteen  cents  a  gallon  to  ten;  add  forty  per  cent,  to  our  duties 
upon  silks  imported  from  beyond  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope; 
agree  to  a  Consular  Convention  upon  the  basis  of  that  of  1/88, 
though  with  any  modifications  which  we  might  find  expedient ; 
conclude  especially  an  article  for  the  restoration  of  deserting 
seamen,  repeal  the  Act  of  I5th  May,  1820,  and  reduce  by  one- 
third  the  extra  duty  upon  French  articles  imported  in  French 
vessels.  In  consideration  of  which,  France  would  revoke  the 
King's  ordinance  of  26th  July,  1820,  and  reduce  one-fourth  of 
her  extra  duties  upon  tobacco,  rice,  potash,  and  cotton.  This 
would  be  his  first  proposal;  but  if  all  his  propositions  in  favor 
of  the  French  commerce  should  be  acceded  to,  he  could  ex 
tend  the  reduction  of  extra  duties  (except  upon  the  article  of 
cotton)  to  one-third.  He  had  been  instructed  to  keep  this 
concession  in  reserve;  but  he  did  not  think  there  was  much 
use  in  diplomatic  mysteries.  He  preferred  giving  at  once  the 
extent  of  his  powers. 

I  desired  him  to  send  me  a  written  minute  of  these  proposals, 
upon  which  I  promised, to  furnish  him  in  a  few  days  with  a 
counter-project;  but  I  told  him  that  I  saw  little  prospect  of  our 
coming  to  any  agreement,  with  demands  so  very  large,  and 
concessions  so  very  slender,  on  the  part  of  France.  I  added 
that  we  should  be  disposed  to  accommodate  France  as  much 
as  possible  in  her  commercial  interests,  but  that  we  should 
call  for  an  entire  abolition  on  both  sides  of  the  discriminating 
duties. 

He  said  that  was  impossible.  He  was  not  even  authorized, 
under  any  circumstances,  to  agree  to  a  reduction  of  one-half; 
for  it  was  well  known,  and  the  calculations  had  been  made 
with  the  utmost  accuracy,  that  the  result  of  a  reduction  of  one- 
half  would  be  to  throw  the  whole  carriage  of  the  trade  into  the 
hands  of  American  shipping.  France  only  wanted  her  share 


iS2i.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

of  it,  and  would  agree  to  any  terms  which  would  secure  even 
the  largest  half  of  it  to  the  United  States. 

I  told  him  that  besides  the  general  objections  to  our  accept 
ing  the  principle  of  unequal  discriminating  duties,  we  were 
satisfied  that  a  reduction  of  only  one-third  of  those  of  France 
would  still  leave  a  prohibitory  duty  upon  our  shipping  in  the 
ports  of  France,  and  that  if  there  must  be  such  a  prohibitory 
duty,  we  could  at  least  not  give  our  acquiescence  to  it  by 
compact. 

After  he  went  away  I  called  again  at  the  President's,  and 
informed  him  of  the  substance  of  his  conversation  with  me. 

I4th.  General  Vives,  the  Spanish  Minister,  came,  and  I 
showed  him  the  copy  of  a  circular  dispatch  from  the  Spanish 
Minister  for  Foreign  Affairs,  Perez  de  Castro,  to  the  Spanish 
Ministers  at  other  European  Courts  relative  to  the  interference 
of  the  allies  in  the  affairs  of  Naples,  which  I  received  a  few 
days  since  from  C.  Hughes  at  Stockholm. 

Mr.  George  Hay  called  and  borrowed  the  circular  of  the  allied 
sovereigns,  issued  at  Laybach,  also  forwarded  by  Mr.  Hughes. 

Mr.  Walter  Jones  came  and  took  my  deposition  to  my 
answers  on  the  interrogatories  from  the  Court  in  Pennsylvania, 
in  the  case  of  Leavitt  Harris  against  W.  D.  Lewis.  There  were 
in  the  same  commission  several  interrogatories  to  Edward 
Wyer.  Jones  went  over  to  Strother's  Hotel,  where  he  lodges, 
to  take  his  answers ;  but  he  soon  came  back  and  said  that  he 
declined  answering.  I  was  not  surprised  at  this;  for  although 
Wyer  has  been  one  of  the  freest  speakers  against  Harris,  I 
suppose  he  is  not  willing  that  the  world  should  hear  what 
Harris  might  retort  upon  him.  Mr.  Calhoun  called  at  the 
office,  and  I  had  some  conversation  with  him  concerning  the 
negotiation  with  France.  I  received  this  day  from  the  Baron 
de  Neuville  the  written  minutes  of  his  project. 

1 7th.  The  President  returned  this  morning  from  his  short 
visit  to  his  farm  at  Oakhill,  in  Loudon  County.  I  called  at 
his  house  with  a  draft  for  a  counter-project  of  a  Convention 
with  France  to  be  proposed  to  the  Baron  Hyde  de  Neuville. 
My  purpose  in  this  draft  was  to  bring  the  question  of  the  navi 
gation,  the  only  important  one  in  discussion  between  the  two 


348  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS,  [April, 

countries,  to  an  immediate  issue.  My  draft  there,  acceding  to 
all  the  Baron's  wishes  of  favor  in  the  reduction  of  duties  upon 
French  productions  imported  into  this  country,  explicitly  re 
fuses  to  admit  any  difference  of  discriminating  duties,  and  states 
that  if  he  is  instructed  to  adhere  inflexibly  to  that  principle  it 
is  useless  to  pursue  the  negotiation  any  further.  It  then  pro 
ceeds  to  propose  that  the  arrangement  should  be  made  by 
reciprocal  legislative  measures  without  treaty. 

The  President  took  this  draft  for  consideration  till  to-morrow, 
and  directed  a  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  Administration. 
I  found  Mr.  Crawford  with  him. 

Wrote  about  the  letters  to  Jenney  and  Kendall,  transmitted 
by  Mr.  Hodges,  the  Consul  at  the  Cape  de  Verd  Islands.  They 
were  taken  from  the  master  of  a  vessel  detected  in  the  slave- 
trade,  and  were  addressed  to  them,  merchants  in  Boston,  but 
were  sealed.  There  was  a  question  whether  we  should  break 
them  open  or  not.  There  was  a  presumption  that  they  would 
contain  evidence  of  participation  in  the  slave-trade  against  the 
persons  to  whom  they  were  addressed.  If  they  should,  we 
ought  to  direct  a  prosecution  against  them  ;  if  they  should  not, 
we  have  no  right  to  open  the  letters.  It  was  concluded  that  I 
should  send  them  to  the  District  Attorney,  with  instructions  to 
give  them  notice  that  he  has  the  letters,  and  to  propose  that 
they  should  be  opened  in  the  presence  and  submitted  to  the 
inspection  of  the  District  Judge.  If  they  should  be  found  to 
contain  evidence  implicating  Jenney  and  Kendall  in  the  slave- 
trading  practices  of  the  writer,  the  Attorney  will  keep  the  let 
ters,  and  commence  a  prosecution  founded  upon  that  evidence; 
otherwise,  the  letters  are  to  be  delivered  to  their  owners. 

1 8th.  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's.  All  the  members 
of  the  Administration  were  present.  The  draft  of  a  counter- 
project  for  a  Convention  with  France,  which  I  had  made  yester 
day,  was  considered  and  discussed.  It  was  thought  best  not  to 
present  at  this  stage  of  the  negotiation  the  idea  of  an  alterna 
tive  on  the  subject,  that  we  may  make  the  fair  experiment 
whether  we  cannot  agree  upon  the  terms  of  a  Convention.  The 
question  was  debated  whether  we  could  agree  to  the  principle 
demanded  by  France,  of  admitting  by  treaty  discriminating 


iS2i.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

duties  unequal  in  their  operation,  but  intended  so  to  counter 
balance  the  superiority  of  our  navigators  that  the  carriage  of 
one-half  the  trade  between  the  two  countries  shall  be  secured 
to  French  shipping.  We  have  hitherto  unanimously  resisted 
this  principle,  as  neither  fair  in  itself  nor  just  towards  our  own 
navigators.  Mr.  Crawford,  however,  this  day  expressed  the 
opinion  that  it  would  be  advisable  to  admit  the  principle  so  far 
as  may  be  necessary  for  France  to  obtain  a  portion  of  the  car 
riage  of  the  trade.  But  I  was  surprised  at  his  asserting  that  he 
had  been  averse  to  the  passage  of  the  French  Tonnage  Act  of 
1 5th  May,  1820,  and  I  found,  upon  noticing  this  afterwards  to 
Mr.  Calhoun,  that  he  was  not  surprised  less  than  myself  at  this 
avowal.  Calhoun  said  that  not  only  Crawford  had  never  avowed 
any  opposition  to  the  Act  at  the  time  of  its  passage,  but  if  he 
had,  that  the  Act  would  certainly  not  have  passed.  I  now  in 
sisted  strongly  against  the  admission  by  treaty  of  any  unequal 
stipulations  to  the  disadvantage  of  our  own  navigation,  observ 
ing  that  it  would  be  a  departure  from  a  commercial  system 
equally  wise  and  liberal,  deliberately  formed  at  the  very  birth 
of  our  nation,  and  entirely  congenial  to  the  spirit  of  the  Decla 
ration  of  Independence.  That  system  was  proclaimed  to  the 
world  in  the  first  article  of  our  treaty  of  6th  February,  1778, 
with  France ;  a  treaty  scarcely  less  remarkable  among  national 
compacts  than  our  Declaration  of  Independence  was  among 
acts  of  national  legislation.  It  proclaimed  freedom  of  com 
merce  between  nations  as  the  just  law  of  intercourse  between 
them,  and  entire  reciprocity  as  its  ruling  moral  principle. 
France  had  assuredly  never  before  avowed  such  principles  in 
any  treaty  ;  and  they  were  evidently  then  introduced  by  the 
American  negotiators — I  suppose  by  Dr.  Franklin.  They  were 
the  sound  principles  of  commercial  intercourse  among  nations, 
and  I  was  not  aware  that  we  had  materially  ever  departed  from 
them.  The  stipulation  now  claimed  by  France  would  be  a 
material  departure  from  them,  and  I  was  apprehensive  would 
involve  us  in  difficulties  with  other  nations,  who,  if  we  made 
this  concession  to  France,  might  claim  the  same  for  themselves. 
Mr.  Calhoun  supported  these  opinions;  but  Mr.  Crawford 
thought  a  mode  of  discrimination  might  be  agreed  to  which 


350  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

would  suit  the  purposes  of  France  without  any  apparent  sacri 
fice  of  reciprocity,  and  without  danger  of  involving  us  with 
other  nations. 

The  President  concluded  to  make  at  least  the  experiment  of 
insisting  upon  full  reciprocity,  and,  conformably  to  his  deter 
mination,  I  made  a  second  draft  of  a  counter-project  to  be  sent 
to  the  Baron  de  Neuville,  containing  the  same  propositions 
which  I  had  presented  in  the  draft  made  yesterday,  of  advan 
tages  to  France  by  reduction  of  the  duties  upon  wines,  by  in 
creasing  the  duties  upon  silks  imported  from  beyond  the  Cape 
of  Good  Hope,  and  by  a  Consular  Convention,  or  an  article 
stipulating  the  restoration  of  deserting  seamen  ;  but  demand 
ing  the  entire  equalization  of  tonnage  duties,  and  that  our 
tobacco  should  be  released  in  France  from  the  monopoly  of 
the  regie. 

1 9th.  I  was  at  the  President's,  who  approved  of  the  new 
draft  of  a  counter-project  for  the  French  Minister,  with  one  or 
two  slight  alterations. 

2Oth.  I  sent  my  counter-project  to  the  Baron  Hyde  de  Neu 
ville,  who  immediately  came  over  to  my  office  to  converse  with 
me  upon  it.  He  was  far  from  being  satisfied  with  it,  although 
upon  the  articles  of  commercial  accommodation  it  conceded 
everything  that  he  had  asked ;  he  said  the  commercial  articles 
were  altogether  of  subordinate  and  secondary  consideration  ; 
his  Government  cared  very  little  about  them.  The  object  with 
them  was  the  navigation ;  and  it  was  impossible  for  them  to 
agree  to  an  equalization  of  the  duties,  because  that  would  in 
effect  be  to  surrender  the  whole  carriage  of  the  trade  to  our 
vessels.  His  instructions  had  been  founded  entirely  upon  the 
principle  of  a  mutual  reduction  of  the  duties  on  both  sides. 
The  utmost  extent  to  which  he  was  authorized  to  go  was  a 
reduction  of  one-third.  The  French  Government  had  reason 
to  believe  that  even  this  would  leave  a  great  disproportion  of 
the  shipments  on  our  side;  but  it  was  willing  to  make  the 
experiment  for  one  or  two  years.  As  to  giving  up  the  regie 
for  the  sale  of  tobacco,  that  was  out  of  the  question ;  it  was 
part  of  an  extensive  system  important  to  the  revenue. 

I  said  it  did  not  appear  to  me  essential  that  it  should  form 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  351 

part  of  the  adjustment;  but,  as  he  had  claimed  commercial 
advantages  independent  of  the  shipping  question,  it  was  just 
and  necessary  for  us  to  ask  for  similar  advantages  in  return. 

He  finally  said  he  would  propose  to  settle  the  navigation 
question  by  itself. 

2 ist.  Mr.  Canning  and  Mr.  Calhoun  successively  called  at 
the  office.  Mr.  Canning's  purpose  was  to  converse  with  me 
on  the  case  of  Wilcocke.  From  the  papers  sent  me  by  Mr. 
Canning,  it  appears  that  Wilcocke  was  charged  with  having 
absconded  from  Montreal,  carrying  with  him  bank-bills  to  a 
large  amount,  purloined  from  a  commercial  house  in  which  he 
had  been  a  clerk;  that  he  had  escaped  first  into  the  State  of 
New  York  and  thence  into  Vermont.  He  had  been  pursued 
into  both  States,  and  finally  arrested  upon  a  civil  suit  at  Bur 
lington  by  a  process  returnable  to  the  County  Court  there.  To 
serve  this  process,  the  Jack  Ketch,  who  had  come  over  from 
Montreal  after  Wilcocke,  was  made  a  special  constable,  and 
having  once  arrested  him,  instead  of  returning  the  process  to 
the  Court  whence  it  had  issued,  he  took  Wilcocke  on  board  a 
vessel  upon  Lake  Champlain,  and,  after  carrying  him  first  to 
Plattsburg,  finally  took  him  into  Canada,  and  lodged  him  in 
prison  at  Montreal.  There  are  affidavits  of  the  Canadian 
officer  who  arrested  him,  and  of  the  partner  of  the  house  who 
pursued  him,  that,  after  he  was  taken,  he  consented  to  go  with 
them,  being  alarmed  by  information  from  them  that  a  woman 
with  whom  he  had  cohabited  was  under  prosecution  for  his 
offence.  I  told  Mr.  Canning  that  if  these  affidavits  were  true 
we  could  certainly  not  be  solicitous  to  rescue  such  a  character 
from  merited  punishment;  but  the  testimony  was  ex  parte,  and 
the  question  was  not  upon  the  merits  of  the  man,  but  upon  the 
violation  of  our  jurisdiction.  His  consent  could  not  take  away 
that  error. 

Canning  had  nothing  valid  to  reply  to  this,  but,  after  various 
other  palliative  suggestions,  he  said  Mr.  Baker,  the  Consul- 
General,  had  intimated  to  him  that  there  had  been  a  tacit  con 
nivance  by  common  consent  to  such  recaptures,  which  was 
found  necessary  on  both  sides  upon  that  border,  and  if  there 
had  been  such  a  usage  he  thought  it  would  be  advisable  rather 


352  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

to  put  an  end  to  it  by  giving  notice  on  both  sides  prospect- 
ively  than  by  pressing  upon  a  case  which  has  already  happened. 
As  the  writs  upon  which  Wilcocke  was  taken  at  Burlington 
issued  from  the  office  of  Mr.  Griswold,  now  the  District  At 
torney,  I  concluded  upon  writing  to  him  before  taking  any 
other  step  in  the  case. 

I  received  from  the  French  Minister  an  informal  note,  pro 
posing  to  confine  our  negotiation  entirely  to  the  •  shipping 
question  and  to  set  aside  all  merely  commercial  concessions. 
He  offers  two  points  of  agreement  for  the  basis  of  a  Conven 
tion  :  i.  That  the  discriminating  duties  on  both  sides  shall  be 
reduced  ;  and,  2.  That  the  reduction  shall  be  such  as  that  both 
parties  may  share  in  the  carriage  of  the  trade  on  both  sides. 

23d.  I  called  at  the  President's,  and  found  Mr.  YVirt  the 
Attorney-General,  with  him.  He  appointed  a  Cabinet  meet 
ing  for  to-morrow  to  consider  the  new  project  of  the  French 
Minister  for  a  Convention,  agreeing  to  a  reciprocal  reduction 
of  discriminating  duties. 

General  Vives,  the  Spanish  Minister,  called  at  the  office,  and 
informed  me  that  he  was  about  leaving  the  city  to  resume  his 
summer  residence  at  Camden,  New  Jersey,  opposite  to  the  city 
of  Philadelphia.  He  appeared  to  be  a  good  deal  dispirited  at 
the  political  condition  of  his  country,  and  told  me  that  he  had 
just  heard  of  an  entire  new  change  of  the  Ministry;  that  the 
Cortes  had  passed  a  vote  declaring  that  the  Ministers  dismissed 
had  the  confidence  of  the  nation;  that  the  King  had  asked  their 
advice  for  the  appointment  of  a  new  Ministry,  which  they  had 
declined  to  give,  on  the  ground  that  the  appointment  of  Minis 
ters  was  an  act  purely  executive. 

Mr.  De  Bresson,  of  the  French  Legation,  brought  me  a  note 
from  the  Baron  Hyde  de  Neuville,  enclosing  a  declaration 
made  to  him  concerning  the  seizure  of  the  Apollon  by  her 
captain,  Edou,  who  is  now  here.  The  Baron  in  his  note  passes 
a  high  encomium  upon  this  "Ancien  Officier  de  la  Marine 
Royale"  turned  into  a  smuggler. 

24th.  There  was  a  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's,  fully 
attended;  the  subject  of  deliberation  was  the  second  counter- 
project  for  a  Convention  received  from  him  on  the  2ist.  The 


iS2i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  353 

question  was  whether  the  proposition  for  a  reduction  of  the 
discriminating  duties  on  both  sides  should  be  accepted,  with 
the  understanding  that  they  should  be  so  adjusted  as  to  secure 
a  portion  of  the  carriage  of  the  trade  to  each  party.  To  this 
end  it  is  necessary  that  we  should  consent  that  the  discrimi 
nating  duties  in  France,  direct  or  indirect,  upon  our  shipping, 
should  be  much  heavier  than  those  in  this  country  upon  the 
French  shipping.  I  repeated  my  objections  to  the  admission 
of  this  principle,  which  I  thought  could  not  be  done  without 
surrendering  the  broad  and  liberal  principle  of  reciprocity, 
upon  which  our  whole  commercial  system  from  the  first 
organization  of  our  Government  has  been  founded. 

Mr.  Crawford  contested  this  position,  and  said  that  the  Act 
of  3d  March,  1815,  Irad  been  first  proposed  by  General  S. 
Smith,  of  Maryland  ;  that  he  had  proposed  it  long  before  it 
passed,  and  that  he  could  not  carry  it  for  a  long  time,  because 
it  was  thought  it  would  operate  against  us. 

I  answered  that  the  anticipated  operation  of  the  Act  of  3d 
March,  1815,  must  necessarily  have  been  estimated  subject  to 
the  counteraction  of  foreign  regulations.  While  the  restric 
tions  and  prohibitions  of  foreign  powers  acting  upon  our  trade 
continued,  it  might  be  very  questionable  how  an  offer  of  abol 
ishing  our  discriminating  duties,  which  might  be  accepted  by 
some  and  rejected  by  others,  would  work.  But  reciprocity  is 
the  law  of  freedom  applied  to  the  intercourse  between  nations, 
as  equal  rights  form  the  standard  of  freedom  in  civil  society. 
This  great  principle  was  assumed  at  the  very  period  of  our 
Declaration  of  Independence,  and  had  formed  the  basis  of 
our  commercial  policy  ever  since.  I  well  recollected  it  was 
contained  in  a  report  of  Mr.  Jefferson  to  Congress  while  he 
was  Secretary  of  State;  and  all  the  discriminating  duties  and 
restrictions  ever  introduced  into  our  laws  had  been  merely 
defensive,  to  counteract  the  like-  restrictions  and  discrimina 
tions  of  others.  We  had  never  sanctioned  the  restrictive  prin 
ciple  by  treaty,  but  always  reserved  to  ourselves  the  power  of 
counteraction.  Much  less  had  we  ever  assented  to  it  with 
the  admission  that  it  was  to  operate  disadvantageously  to  our 
selves,  to  cast  away  advantages  derived  from  the  superior  skill 
VOL.  v. — 23 


354  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

of  our  navigators,  by  our  own  act,  like  loading-  with  stone  the 
rider  of  a  race-horse  to  make  him  as  heavy  as  his  competitor. 
But,  notwithstanding  my  argument,  it  was  determined  that  we 
should  accept  the  basis  of  an  unequal  discrimination,  though 
adhering  to  an  apparent  and  nominal  reciprocity.  Mr.  Gallatin 
has  suggested  a  mode  of  effecting  this  to  which  we  are  here 
after  to  refer.  The  President  determined  on  this  course,  at 
least  with  a  view  to  ascertain  what  degree  of  disproportion 
would  be  insisted  upon  by  France,  and  with  the  reserve  that 
even  in  acceding  to  the  principle  we  shall  still  have  the  power 
of  breaking  off  upon  the  detail.  I  am  to  write,  therefore,  to 
the  Baron,  and,  still  objecting  to  the  principle,  to  enquire  lu/iat 
reduction  of  the  discriminating  duties  he  proposes. 

25th.  I  made  a  draft  of  a  note  for  the  French  Minister, 
according  to  the  determination  yesterday  taken,  and  sent  it  to 
the  President.  He  returned  it  with  a  suggestion  of  two  slight 
alterations. 

2/tri.  I  wrote  a  note  to  the  Baron  Hyde  de  Neuville,  the 
French  Minister,  upon  the  commercial  negotiation,  requesting 
him  to  specify  more  particularly  the  reduction  of  discriminating 
duties  by  France  and  the  United  States  to  which  he  is  willing 
to  agree,  and  proposing  that  he  should  send  it  in  the  form  of 
an  article  of  a  Convention. 

3Oth.  Mr.  Bresson,  of  the  French  Legation,  brought  me  a 
confidential  note  from  the  Baron  Hyde  de  Neuville,  upon  our 
negotiation.  Instead  of  the  single  article  which,  in  pursuance 
of  his  own  suggestion,  I.  had  requested  him  to  present,  spe 
cifically  stating  what  reduction  of  the  discriminating  duties 
France  was  disposed  to  admit,  he  has  produced  an  argument 
with  a  project  of  a  Convention  in  five  or  six  articles,  and  inti 
mations  that  others  will  be  indispensable,  and  among  the  rest 
a  Consular  Convention.  I  called  at  the  President's  with  this 
note,  and  met  Calhoun  there.  It  is  apparent  that  the  Baron 
de  Neuville  has  no  intention  of  coming  for  the  present  to  the 
conclusion  of  a  Convention. 

May  5th.  The  Russian  Minister,  Poletica,  called  at  the  office 
and  showed  me  in  confidence  a  letter  of  instructions  from  his 
Government,  giving  a  general  view  of  the  Emperor's  policy  as 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


355 


essentially  pacific  ;  setting  forth  some  complaints  against  the 
Porte,  but  manifesting  the  intention  of  maintaining  the  utmost 
moderation  in  the  relations  of  Russia  with  that  power,  and 
speaking  with  strong  disapprobation  and  alarm  at  the  revolu 
tion  inJ5pain. 

Here  occurs  the  first  blank  in  this  diary.  The  pressure  of 
several  weeks  in  arrear  had  become  too  great  for  endurance. 
Although  the  notes  made  by  the  writer,  to  aid  his  recollection 
in  making  up  the  text,  still  remain  to  show  his  intention,  the 
course  of  current  events  was  too  strong  to  render  it  possible 
to  go  back.  Hence  this  interval  of  several  months. 

PHILADELPHIA,  October  /th. — Towards  evening  I  called  at 
Charles  J.  Ingersoll's,  and,  not  finding  him  at  home,  at  his 
brother  Joseph  R.  Ingersoll's,  with  whom  I  had  some  conver 
sation  concerning  the  cause  of  L.  Harris  against  W.  D.  Lewis. 
I  left  with  him  J.  R.  Hurd's  letter  to  me  of  September,  1817, 
and  requested  him  to  have  a  supplementary  deposition  of  Hurd 
taken,  to  prove  that  he  did  write  me  that  letter.  The  trial  is 
to  come  on  in  November.  While  I  was  with  Ingersoll,  his 
brother  Charles  came  in,  with  whom  I  walked  to  his  house.  I 
had  received  from  him  a  few  days  before  I  left  Boston  a  letter 
requesting  me  to  call  on  him  as  I  should  pass  through  Phila 
delphia,  for  something  concerning  which  he  wished  to  speak 
to  me  ;  and  to  dine  with  him.  But,  learning  on  my  arrival 
here  that  his  wife  had  been  a  few  days  since  almost  dying, 
and  was  yet  confined  to  her  bed  with  this  raging  disease  of 
intermitting  fever,  I  had  concluded  he  could  with  no  con 
venience  receive  company  to  dinner,  and  had  conditionally 
promised  J.  Sergeant  to  dine  to-morrow  with  him. 

The  point  upon  which  Ingersoll  had  wished  to  speak  to  me 
was  this.  He  asked  me  whether,  at  the  negotiation  of  the 
Treaty  of  Ghent,  I  had  proposed  to  grant  to  the  British  the 
right  of  navigating  the  Mississippi  River  as  a  compensation  for 
an  extension  of  our  right  to  the  fisheries.  I  said,  No  ;  I  had 
made  no  such  proposition  ;  but  that  the  British  Plenipoten 
tiaries  had  notified  to  us  that  they  considered  our  rights  of 


356  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

fishing  within  the  British  provincial  jurisdiction,  stipulated  by 
an  article  of  the  Treaty  of  Peace  of  1783,  as  annulled  by  the 
war,  and  that  they  would  not  renew  that  article.  At  the  same 
time  they  demanded  an  article  in  the  proposed  treaty  securing 
to  them  the  right  of  navigating  the  Mississippi.  Our  answer 
insisted  that  the  Treaty  of  Peace  of  1783  was  not  and  could  not 
be  annulled  by  the  war  ;  that  to  pretend  otherwise  would  be 
to  say  that  our  independence  was  annulled  by  the  war.  But 
in  that  Treaty  of  1783  there  was  a  stipulation  that  the  British 
should  enjoy  forever  the  right  of  navigating  the  Mississippi, 
and,  holding  as  we  did  that  treaty  to  be  binding,  we  declined 
agreeing  to  any  new  stipulation  to  that  effect.  In  the  course 
of  the  discussion  we  made  a  proposal  to  the  British  Plenipo 
tentiaries  to  adjust  the  difference  by  renewing  both  the  articles. 
To  this  Mr.  Clay  objected,  but  he  finally  signed  the  note  which 
made  the  offer,  saying  that  he  reserved  to  himself  the  right,  if 
the  whole  treaty  should  displease  him,  finally  to  decline  sign 
ing  it.  There  was  another  proposal  to  renew  an  article  of  Mr. 
Jay's  treaty,  giving  access  to  the  British  traders  from  Canada 
to  the  Indians  within  our  Territories.  To  this  Mr.  Clay  de 
clared  that  if  it  should  be  agreed  to,  and  also  the  article  giving 
them  the  navigation  of  the  Mississippi,  he  would  not  sign  the 
treaty.  Mr.  Clay  wished  to  give  prodigious  importance  to  this 
British  right  of  navigating  the  Mississippi,  and  fancied  they 
would  eagerly  snatch  at  it,  as  an  equivalent  for  the  old  fishing 
article.  But  the  truth  was,  that  they  set  so  little  value  by  it 
that  they  rejected  our  proposal  without  hesitation,  and  offered 
us  a  counter-proposal  to  renounce  the  rights  on  both  sides, 
which  we  in  our  own  turn  rejected,  and  I  then  declared  if  it 
should  be  accepted  that  /would  not  sign  the  treaty. 

Ingersoll  said  that  it  was  intended  to  make  use  of  this  inci 
dent  upon  a  future  occasion  against  me,  and  that  I  shall  be 
charged  as  specially  the  person  who  would  have  yielded  to  the 
British  the  right  of  navigating  the  Mississippi  for  an  extension 
of  the  fisheries. 

I  said  I  had  no  doubt  it  would  be  used  against  me  wherever 
and  whenever  it  could  serve  a  turn.  It  had  already  been  used 
against  me  in  the  Kentucky  newspapers,  and  Mr.  Clay,  in  one 


iS2i.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  357 

of  his  speeches  to  the  House  of  Representatives  in  Congress, 
had  made  a  statement  of  this  incident,  not  in  the  most  candid 

k 

manner.  For  he  had  represented  the  proposal  for  allowing  to 
the  British  the  navigation  of  the  Mississippi  as  having  been 
made  by  a  majority  of  the  American  Plenipotentiaries,  he  being 
in  the  minority,  without  acknowledging  that  he  had  signed  the 
note  by  which  the  offer  was  made,  and  without  disclosing  how 
very  lightly  the  concession  of  which  he  would  fain  make  so 
much  was  estimated  by  the  British,  and  how  promptly  they 
had  rejected  it.  But,  in  fact,  I  was  not  the  person  who  made 
the  proposal  for  renewing  the  two  articles ;  it  originated  with 
Mr.  Gallatin,  who  knew  and  insisted  that  it  could  never  be 
anything  to  the  British  but  a  mere  naked  right,  and  of  no 
more  detriment  to  us  than  use  to  them.  I  told  Ingersoll  that 
I  could  show  him  at  Washington  in  my  private  papers  all  the 
documents  exhibiting  the  true  state  of  this  affair,  including  the 
copy  of  the  note  to  the  British  Plenipotentiaries,  containing 
the  proposal,  signed  by  Mr.  Clay,  as  well  as  by  all  the  other 
American  Commissioners. 

WASHINGTON,  I3th. — At  the  office  Edward  Wyer  called,  and 
Mr.  Canning,  the  British  Minister.  He  came  to  enquire  whether 
we  could  deliver  up  a  certain  captain  of  a  British  fishing  vessel, 
belonging  to  the  island  of  Newfoundland,  who  ran  away  with 
his  vessel  and  her  fare  of  fish,  and,  after  disposing  of  part  of  his 
cargo  by  smuggling  on  our  coast,  entered  one  of  our  Eastern 
ports  and  was  there  seized  for  a  breach  of  our  revenue  laws. 
The  crime  of  which  this  man  is  impeached  is  a  statute  piracy 
both  by  the  British  laws  and  our  own.  But  our  tribunals  can 
take  cognizance  only  of  offences  against  our  own  law,  which 
can  operate  only  upon  offences  within  our  jurisdiction;  they 
cannot  try  this  man  either  upon  our  statute,  which  he  has  not, 
or  upon  the  British  statute,  which  he  has  transgressed. 

I  told  Mr.  Canning  that  I  thought  we  could  not  deliver 
up  this  man,  and  referred  him  to  several  cases  of  a  similar 
character  which  have  occurred  before.  He  made  some  ques 
tion  as  to  the  obligation  by  the  laws  of  nations  to  deliver  up 
atrocious  criminals,  and  referred  to  a  passage  in  Vattel  to  that 
effect. 


358  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

I  admitted  that  there  was  such  a  passage  in  Vattel,  but  said 
it  was  voluntary  law.  In  practice,  nations  did  as  they  pleased; 
some  did  and  some  did  not  deliver  up  foreign  criminals.  Eng 
land,  I  believed,  did  not.  I  mentioned  to  him  the  case  of  the 
pirates  and  murderers  on  board  the  schooner  Plattsburg.  Four 
of  these  were  taken  up  in  Denmark,  one  in  Sweden,  one  in 
France,  and  one  in  Prussia.  We  had  demanded  the  delivery 
of  them  all.  Denmark  and  Sweden  had  delivered,  and  we  had 
tried,  convicted,  and  executed  the  men.  But  France  and  Prussia 
had  refused  to  deliver;  France  alleging  that  she  could  deliver 
only  after  proof  of  the  man's  guilt,  which  could  be  proved  only 
by  the  trial ;  and  Prussia,  which  took  the  trouble  of  sending 
the  man  from  Dantzig  to  Elsineur,  where  ample  testimony  was 
produced  against  him,  still  refused  to  deliver  him  up  because 
he  did  not  confess  his  guilt.  But  with  us  the  question  was 
of  the  authority  to  deliver  up.  The  Executive  had  no  such 
authority;  and  if  a  warrant  to  take  up  the  man  should  issue, 
the  first  judge  upon  whom  he  should  call  would  discharge  him 
upon  a  habeas  corpus. 

"Aye  !"  said  Canning,  "this  comes  of  a  republican  govern 
ment." 

"  Why,"  said  I,  "  we  must  take  republican  government,  like 
others,  for  better  for  worse;  the  personal  security  of  individuals 
is  a  favorite  object  of  republican  government,  but  the  want  of 
authority  was  not  confined  to  them.  It  had  been  the  answer 
given  by  the  Governor  of  Canada  to  our  application  for  the 
delivery  of  fugitive  slaves." 

Mr.  Canning  had  not  been  informed  of  this.  I  told  him  if, 
in  this  case,  he  should  make  an  application,  I  presumed  the 
President  would  refer  it  to  the  Attorney-General  for  a  report ; 
but,  to  save  time,  I  would  send  his  papers  to  the  Attorney- 
General  before  transmitting  them  to  the  President. 

Mr.  Canning  mentioned  the  case  of  a  man  named  Milligan, 
charged  with  forging  bank-bills  in  the  State  of  New  York,  who 
had  been  delivered  up  by  the  Government  of  Canada ;  but  I 
was  not  acquainted  with  any  of  the  particulars  of  the  affair, 
nor  was  he. 

1 4th.  Spent  the  evening  at  Mr.  Wirt's  alone  with  him.     Con- 


iS2i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

vcrsation  chiefly  upon  the  recent  incidents  in  Florida,  General 
Jackson,  Judge  Fromentin,  and  the  late  Spanish  Governor  and 
Commissioner  Callava.  Jackson  committed  Callava  to  prison  ; 
Fromentin  issued  a  writ  of  habeas  corpus  with  the  intention  of 
discharging  Callava  ;  Jackson  summoned  Fromentin  before  him 
to  answer  for  having  interfered  with  his  authority;  Fromentin 
first  alleged  sickness  for  not  going,  and  afterwards  went,  not, 
as  he  alleges,  in  obedience  to  the  summons,  but  merely  to  give 
amicable  explanations.  There  were  violent  scenes  of  alterca 
tions  between  the  parties.  Callava  has  published  a  long  protest 
against  Jackson's  proceedings  in  the  newspapers.  Jackson  and 
Fromentin  have  complained  of  each  other  to  the  Government, 
and  all  the  newspapers  are  full  of  discussion  upon  the  subject, 
generally  taking  side  against  Jackson,  because  they  have  seen 
hitherto  little  but  on  one  side  of  the  questions.  Among  the 
rest,  the  Richmond  Enquirer,  a  paper  edited  with  considerable 
ability,  and  the  organ  of  the  new  Virginia  faction  under  the 
auspices  of  Spencer  Roane,  Chief  Justice  of  that  State,  has 
come  out  with  great  virulence.  The  Enquirer,  under  constant 
professions  of  esteem  for  Jackson's  public  services,  has  always 
betrayed  a  rancorous  and  malignant  hostility  against  him.  But 
Wirt  has  been  himself  heretofore  a  correspondent  of  the  Rich 
mond  Enquirer,  and  almost  worships  Spencer  Roane.  He  is 
therefore  alarmed  at  these  premature  ebullitions  of  the  press, 
and  thinks  there  ought  to  be  some  anonymous  counter-publi 
cation  in  the  National  Intelligencer,  to  shield  the  Administra 
tion  from  censure.  Wirt  is  inclined  to  think  Jackson  has  been 
wrong  both  in  sending  Callava  to  prison  and  in  summoning 
Fromentin  before  him.  He  thinks  they  were  both  privileged 
persons — Callava  as  the  Spanish  Commissioner,  and  Fromentin 
as  a  judge.  I  mentioned  to  him  that  Jackson  had  objected  to 
the  writ  of  habeas  corpus,  as  issued  illegally  in  form,  even  if 
Fromentin  had  the  right  to  issue  it.  Wirt  said  there  could  be 
no  doubt  that  it  was  irregularly  issued.  Wirt  thinks  that  the 
President  should  return  to  this  city  as  soon  as  possible,  to  de 
termine  upon  the  course  to  be  pursued  in  this  case  and  some 
others. 

1 5th.  At  the  office   the  day  was   nearly  occupied   by  visits 


360  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

from  Bresson,  one  of  the  Secretaries  of  the  French  Legation, 
who  brought  me  three  notes  from  the  Baron  Hyde  de  Neuville, 
from  Baron  Stackelberg,  the  Swedish  Charge  d'Affaires,  and 
from  Mr.  Calhoun.  De  Neuville's  notes  were  to  renew  the 
demand  for  the  restoration  of  the  Jeune  Eugenic,  and  to  inform 
me  that  he  had  received  instructions  from  his  Government  to 
continue  the  negotiation  concerning  the  eighth  article  of  the 
Louisiana  Treaty,  and  concerning  the  cases  of  the  Apollon, 
Eugenie,  and  Neptune. 

Stackelberg  came  to  claim  privileges  for  Norwegian  vessels 
in  our  ports  equal  to  those  recently  granted  to  our  vessels  in 
Norwegian  ports,  which  is  not  in  the  power  of  the  Executive 
to  allow.  He  also  claimed  like  privileges  for  the  vessels  of  the 
island  of  St.  Bartholomew's.  Stackelberg  mentioned  to  me  the 
order  of  St.  Anne  conferred  by  the  Emperor  of  Russia  upon 
his  Minister  here,  Mr.  Poletica,  in  reward  for  his  services,  mani 
fested  by  the  friendly  relations  existing  between  the  two  Gov 
ernments.  Stackelberg  smiled  significantly  on  mentioning  this, 
as  if  to  hint  that  he  knew  Poletica  had  no  friendship  for  this 
Government. 

I  did  not  seem  to  understand  him,  but  said  I  hoped  he  too 
would  some  day  receive  a  token  of  favor  from  his  sovereign  for 
the  friendliness  of  the  relations  between  our  two  countries. 

He  mentioned  also  Salmon's  case,  who,  he  said,  had  been 
Charge  d'Affaires  from  Spain  about  half  a  day — General  Vives, 
the  former  Spanish  Minister,  having  sailed  from  New  York  on 
the  loth  of  this  month,  and  Don  Joaquin  d'Anduaga  having 
arrived  there  on  the  morning  of  the  nth. 

Mr.  Calhoun  came  to  mention  the  determination  of  the 
President  upon  some  question  relating  to  the  barracks  at  St. 
Augustine.  He  also  spoke  of  the  altercations  between  General 
Jackson  and  Colonel  Callava  and  Judge  Fromentin,  about 
which  he  is  much  concerned.  He  thinks  that  the  President 
ought  to  come  immediately  to  the  city  and  determine  upon 
the  course  to  be  pursued  by  the  Administration  in  these  cases. 
I  concur  in  that  opinion.  Calhoun  fears  that  a  wrong  direction 
may  be  given  to  public  sentiment  on  these  transactions  by 
the  spirit  of  faction  and  the  crude  precipitancy  of  newspaper 


iS2i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  361 

commentaries.  Calhoun  is  a  man  of  fair  and  candid  mind,  of 
honorable  principles,  of  clear  and  quick  understanding,  of  cool 
self-possession,  of  enlarged  philosophical  views,  and  of  ardent 
patriotism.  He  is  above  all  sectional  and  factious  prejudices 
more  than  any  other  statesman  of  this  Union  with  whom  I 
have  ever  acted.  He  is  more  sensitive  to  the  transient  mani 
festations  of  momentary  public  opinion,  more  afraid  of  the 
first  impressions  of  the  public  opinion,  than  I  am.  In  all  cases 
of  controvertible  conduct  in  public  men,  when  the  conclusion 
upon  the  whole  subject  is  more  favorable  than  its  first  aspect, 
the  more  hastily  and  the  more  virulently  they  are  in  the  first 
instance  attacked,  the  more  strong  and  effectual  is  the  final 
result  in  their  favor.  In  such  cases,  I  think  the  true  policy  is 
to  let  the  hostile  portion  of  the  public  journals  extravagate  to 
their  heart's  content;  let  them  waste  their  strength  and  emit 
all  their  venom  upon  misapplications  of  law  and  perversions  of 
fact ;  and  when  the  victory  is  upon  the  balance,  seize  and  turn 
their  batteries  against  themselves. 

Mr.  Tobias  Watkins,  the  Secretary  to  the  Commission  upon 
Spanish  claims,  called  upon  me  this  evening,  and  had  much 
conversation  with  me  concerning  the  proceedings  of  the  Com 
missioners.  He  said  he  was  confident  the  whole  amount  of  the 
claims  to  be  provided  for  would  fall  short  of  five  millions  of 
dollars,  which  would,  he  thought,  be  creditable  to  the  Admin 
istration,  which  had  been  censured  for  not  stipulating  to  pay 
a  larger  sum,  as  Onis  had  demanded. 

I  told  him  of  the  alarm  which  had  been  caused  at  Salem  and 
Philadelphia  by  the  report  that  the  Commissioners  had  decided 
not  to  admit  any  claim  of  insurance  companies  or  underwriters. 
He  said  there  had  been  no  decision.  The  question  had  been 
reserved  for  argument.  But  two  of  the  Commissioners,  White 
and  Tazewell,  had  so  strongly  expressed  their  opinions,  that  he 
was  fully  convinced  no  underwriter  or  insurance  company  would 
recover  a  cent.  Mr.  King,  indeed,  was  in  their  favor.  But  the 
opinion  of  the  two  others  was  very  strong  against  them.  I 
asked  upon  what  grounds.  He  said  because  the  underwriters 
had  received  large  premiums,  often  fifty  per  cent.,  for  the  risks; 
because  the  insurance  offices  had  been  more  than  compen- 


362  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

sated  for  their  losses  by  their  profits,  and  Mr.  Tazcwell  had 
another  principle,  namely,  that  the  treaty  provided  for  the 
claims  only  of  American  citizens,  and  he  did  not  know  but 
some  part  of  the  stock  of  insurance  companies  was  owned 
by  foreigners.  Watkins  said  that  Tazewell  had  written  and 
discussed  these  and  other  questions  arising  from  the  Com 
mission,  in  the  form  of  dialogues.  I  told  Watkins  I  hoped 
Mr.  White  and  Mr.  Tazewell  would  reconsider  their  opinions 
before  they  pronounced  upon  the  claims  of  insurance  com 
panies.  I  believed  their  claims  good  according  to  the  mari 
time  law.  The  underwriter,  by  payment  of  the  loss,  acquired 
all  the  rights  of  salvage  belonging  to  the  owner.  WTe  had 
renounced  his  claim  upon  the  Spanish  Government,  and  it 
would  be  hard  to  deprive  him  of  all  remedy  there  with  one 
hand,  and  deny  it  to  them  with  another  here.  The  claims  of 
the  insurance  companies  were  among  the  principal  claims  to 
be  provided  for.  We  had  published  them  to  the  world  as  claims 
of  our  citizens  of  Spain,  and  now,  if  they  should  be  excluded, 
they  would  immediately  come  back  against  us  as  claims  upon 
Spain,  which  we  should  again  be  obliged  to  maintain;  and 
what  could  we  say  to  Spain  to  maintain  them  ?  or  what  upon 
the  subtle  device  that  among  fifty  or  a  hundred  owners  of 
stock  in  an  insurance  company  there  might  be  one  or  two 
foreigners?  They  would  charge  us  with  direct  fraud,  and,  I 
think,  very  justly. 

Watkins  mooted  the  point  with  me  some  time,  and  I  advised 
him  to  read  Park,  and  Marshall,  and  Louis  the  Fourteenth's 
Ordonnance  de  la  Marine.  He  asked  me  if  I  would  commit 
to  writing  my  ideas  on  the  subject;  but  I  declined,  as  it  might 
have  the  appearance  of  interfering  with  the  proceedings  of  the 
Commissioners.  He  said  W.  Pinkney  was  engaged  to  argue  the 
question  for  the  insurance  companies  of  Baltimore.  I  promised 
to  refer  to  the  cases  of  claims  under  the  former  Commissions, 
both  in  France  and  England.  He  said  the  Commissioners 
had  also  decided  that  all  the  arguments  should  be  in  writing. 
But  the  counsel  for  one  of  the  claimants  had  declared  his  wish 
to  object  to  the  admission  of  another  claim,  upon  which  Taze 
well  had  said  this  was  a  new  proposition,  and  it  was  further 


iS2i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

to  be  considered  whether  this  argument  should  not  be  heard 
viva  voce. 

1 6th.  A  young  man  by  the  name  of  Cooper,  of  Georgia, 
whose  father  lost  a  number  of  slaves  by  capture  from  the 
British  during  the  late  war,  came  to  enquire  into  the  state  of 
the  negotiation  upon  the  subject.  I  told  him  that  upon  Mr. 
Middleton's  arrival  in  Russia  the  Emperor  had  been  absent, 
and  very  lately  returned.  We  had  as  yet  received  no  informa 
tion  that  the  subject  of  the  arbitration  had  been  brought  before 
him,  but  I  was  assured  Mr.  Middleton  would  not  delay  it.  He 
asked  upon  what  principle  indemnity  would  be  made  if  the 
decision  should  be  in  our  favor.  I  said  we  had  hardly  reached 
that  question  yet.  We  should  obtain  all  that  we  could.  He  said 
that  indemnity  for  the  mere  value  of  the  slaves  carried  away, 
and  only  interest  upon  that  value,  at  the  rate  of  six  per  cent,  a 
year,  would  be  no  adequate  compensation  for  the  loss.  The 
increase  of  the  slave,  and  the  improvement  of  the  plantation 
by  his  labor,  ought  to  be  paid  for.  I  told  him  I  thought  it 
would  be  difficult  to  ascertain.  He  said  not  at  all.  I  said  it  was 
like  a  merchant's  claiming  for  indemnity  the  profits  of  a  voyage 
which  he  might  have  made  ;  but  he  did  not  see  the  analogy. 
I  asked  him  how  he  could  say  that  any  given  slave  would  not 
have  died  within  a  week  after  he  had  been  carried  away.  He 
said  he  could  not,  but  allowance  might  be  made  for  that.  I 
advised  that  his  father  should  have  his  whole  argument  set 
forth  in  its  utmost  extent  and  forwarded  to  this  Department, 
where  all  the  use  that  could  would  be  made  of  it.  He  took 
leave,  giving  me  thanks  for  my  attendance  to  the  business. 

i/th.  Mr.  Calhoun  called  upon  me  this  morning  at  my  house, 
and  we  had  a  long  conversation  upon  political  affairs  at  home 
and  abroad.  I  showed  him  the  letters  I  have  last  received  from 
C.  Hughes,  Jr.,  and  H.  Middleton. 

Mr.  Canning  came  to  the  office  again  upon  the  affair  of  the 
pirates  from  Newfoundland.  He  had  written  me  a  note  upon 
the  subject,  which  I  first  showed  to  the  Attorney-General  and 
then  sent  to  the  President.  I  spoke  of  it  last  Sunday  to  Mr. 
Wirt,  who  said  he  had  already  given  an  opinion  in  a  similar 
case,  a  copy  of  which  he  supposed  would  suffice,  if  the  Presi- 


364  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

dent  should  refer  this  to  him.  Mr.  Canning  discussed  again 
the  question  of  the  obligation  of  nations  to  deliver  up  atrocious 
criminals,  and  alluded  to  the  British  Acts  of  Parliament  which 
authorize  the  Government  to  send  foreigners  out  of  the  king 
dom,  which,  I  observed  to  him,  was  quite  a  different  thing  from 
delivering  them  up  at  the  demand  of  another  power.  Mr.  Can 
ning  had  read  the  statute  of  the  United  States  for  punishing 
crimes,  and  thought  its  provisions  against  piracy  sufficiently 
comprehensive  to  include  this  case.  And  in  words  it  certainly 
is;  but  I  referred  him  to  the  construction  which  the  Supreme 
Court  of  the  United  States  have  given  to  that  section  of  the 
statute  in  Palmer's  case,  which  restricts  its  operation  to  our  own 
citizens,  or  offences  in  our  own  vessels.  And  I  read  to  him  in 
the  third  volume  of  Wheaton's  Reports  a  part  of  the  opinion  of 
the  Court  in  that  case. 

2Oth.  There  were  received  this  morning  from  the  President 
a  number  of  bundles  of  papers,  forwarded  by  him  from  Oakhill, 
some  of  them  public  papers  to  be  deposited  at  the  Department, 
others  which  he  had  directed  to  be  sent  to  his  house.  Among 
them  was  a  letter  from  Spencer  Roane,  the  Virginian  Chief 
Justice,  enclosing  to  him  his  lucubrations  in  the  Richmond 
Enquirer  against  the  Supreme  Court  of  the  United  States. 
George  Hay  told  me  last  summer  that  Roane  was  the  author 
of  the  pieces  signed  "  Algernon  Sydney,"  against  the  Supreme 
Court,  and  that  they  had  been  excited  by  the  words  "  we  com 
mand,  you"  in  the  mandamus  in  the  case  of  Cohens  vs.  Vir 
ginia.  Roane,  in  his  letter  to  the  President,  glorifies  himself  as 
a  very  virtuous  patriot,  and  holds  himself  out  as  a  sort  of  Jef 
ferson  or  Madison.  All  this  is  "  close  ambition  varnished  o'er 
with  zeal."  Jefferson  and  Madison  did  attain  power  by  organ 
izing  and  heading  a  system  of  attack  upon  the  Washington 
Administration,  chiefly  under  the  banners  of  State  rights  and 
State  sovereignty.  They  argued  and  scolded  against  all  implied 
powers,  and  pretended  that  the  Government  of  the  Union  had 
no  powers  but  such  as  were  expressly  delegated  by  the  Consti 
tution.  They  succeeded.  Mr.  Jefferson  was  elected  President 
of  the  United  States,  and  the  first  thing  he  did  was  to  purchase 
Louisiana — an  assumption  of  implied  power  greater  in  itself 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  365 

and  more  comprehensive  in  its  consequences  than  all  the  as 
sumptions  of  implied  powers  in  the  twelve  years  of  the  Wash 
ington  and  Adams  Administrations  put  together.  Through 
the  sixteen  years  of  the  Jefferson  and  Madison  Administrations 
not  the  least  regard  was  paid  to  the  doctrines  of  rejecting  im 
plied  powers,  upon  which  those  gentlemen  had  vaulted  into  the 
seat  of  government,  with  the  single  exception  that  Mr.  Madison 
negatived  a  bill  for  applying  public  money  to  the  public  internal 
improvement  of  the  country.  But  the  same  Mr.  Madison  signed 
a  bill  for  incorporating  a  Bank  of  the  United  States,  against 
which  he  and  all  the  Virginian  party  had  stubbornly  contended 
as  unconstitutional,  because  express  power  was  not  given  to  the 
Congress  to  incorporate  banks.  The  Virginian  opposition  to 
implied  powers,  therefore,  is  a  convenient  weapon,  to  be  taken 
up  or  laid  aside  as  it  suits  the  purposes  of  State  turbulence 
and  ambition  ;  and  as  Virginia  has  no  direct  candidate  to  offer 
for  the  next  Presidential  election,  her  aspiring  demagogues  are 
casting  about  them  to  place  her  again  at  the  head  of  a  formal 
opposition  to  the  Administration  of  the  Union,  that  she  may 
thus  again  obtain  by  conquest  the  Administration  itself.  On 
the  former  occasion  this  attempt  was  greatly  favored  by  cir 
cumstances.  It  was  favored  by  its  novelty — favored  by  the 
bad  management  of  its  adversaries.  It  has  most  of  the  same 
advantages  now.  They  still  possess  in  a  superior  degree  the 
art  of  political  management.  They  will  be  favored  by  circum 
stances,  and  if  not  by  novelty,  yet  by  the  success  of  the  former 
example.  The  tactics  of  the  former  war  are  again  resorted  to, 
and  Roane  comes  forth  as  the  champion  of  Virginia.  There 
was  also  among  the  papers  a  copy  of  the  President's  answer  to 
this  letter,  declining  a  positive  answer  upon  the  special  point  of 
Roane's  assault,  but  giving  countenance  to  it  by  referring  to  his 
own  resistance  against  the  right  of  the  General  Government  to 
make  internal  improvements. 

22d.  The  messenger  of  the  Department  of  State,  who  calls 
every  Monday  morning  at  my  house  to  take  the  letters  of  the 
Sunday's  mail  to  the  office,  told  me  this  morning  that  the 
President  had  returned  last  evening  to  the  city.  I  called  at 
his  house,  and  Mr.  Calhoun  came  in  while  I  was  there.  I  had 


366  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

some  desultory  conversation  with  him  concerning  the  case  of 
the  French  vessel  La  Jeune  Eugenie  and  Lieutenant  Stockton, 
and  also  concerning  Jackson's  transactions  with  Callava  and 
Fromentin.  These  are  all  subjects  of  very  insignificant  import 
in  themselves,  but  very  important  from  circumstances  and  prin 
ciples  connected  with  them.  The  President  is  not  a  little  em 
barrassed  with  them  both.  I  have  received  a  letter  from  him 
upon  the  affair  of  Callava,  almost  unintelligible.  He  directed 
a  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  Administration  at  his  house 
to-morrow  at  noon. 

I  had  received  last  week  a  letter  from  Don  Joaquin  d'An- 
duaga,  at  Philadelphia,  announcing  his  arrival  there,  and  re 
questing  to  be  informed  when  he  could  have  an  audience  of  the 
President  to  deliver  his  credential  letter.  I  answered  him  this 
day,  that  the  President,  having  now  returned  to  the  city,  would 
readily  grant  him  an  audience  to  receive  his  credential ;  and 
that  I  shall  be  happy  to  see  him  at  the  Department  at  any  time 
that  would  suit  his  convenience. 

23d.  There  was  a  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  Adminis 
tration  at  the  President's  at  noon — Mr.  Calhoun  and  Mr.  Wirt 
present.  The  transactions  in  Florida  were  the  subject  of  de 
liberation.  There  was  first  a  military  question.  The  new 
organization  of  the  army  began  on  the  1st  of  June  last.  From 
that  time  General  Jackson's  command  ceased.  He  has  con 
tinued  to  issue  orders  to  the  troops  in  the  same  manner  as 
while  he  was  in  the  military  service.  They  have  been  obeyed; 
but  Colonel  Brooke,  the  officer  in  command  at  Pensacola,  has 
written  to  enquire  of  General  Brown  whether  he  is  subject  to 
the  military  command  of  General  Jackson  and  safe  in  obeying 
his  orders.  Brown  answers  not  only  in  the  negative,  but  ex 
presses  surprise  that  such  a  question  should  ever  have  been 
made.  Brown's  letter,  however,  passed  through  the  War  De 
partment,  and  has  not  yet  been  transmitted  to  Brooke.  The 
question  was  now  discussed.  The  President  and  Mr.  Wirt 
thought  Jackson  had  no  command.  Calhoun  inclined  to  the 
same  opinion,  but  said  he  knew  that  Jackson  had  acted  upon 
full  deliberation  and  advisement. 

I  thought  he  had  decided  correctly,  his  commission  having 


i$2i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  367 

given  him  the  powers  not  only  of  Governor,  but  of  the  Captain- 
General  of  Cuba,  which  was  of  course  the  military  command 
in  chief  throughout  the  province.  I  observed  that  the  military 
was  the  only  executive  power  in  the  province,  and  that  if  the 
Governor  had  no  military  command  he  had  no  effective  au 
thority,  no  means  of  executing  his  decrees,  administrative  or 
judicial. 

Mr.  Wirt  said  he  might  employ  the  militia;  but  there  was 
no  militia  in  Florida. 

Wirt  said  Jackson  had  organized  counties  and  introduced 
juries.  Could  he  not,  by  the  same  authority,  have  constituted 
a  militia? 

Perhaps  he  might ;  but  how  were  they  to  be  armed,  officered, 
trained,  disciplined  ?  At  what  enormous  expense  must  they  be 
made  effective,  and  all  for  a  mere  interval  between  the  taking 
possession  of  the  province  and  the  next  session  of  Congress, 
and  all  to  perform  a  service  which  could  be  executed  by  a  file 
of  fifty  soldiers,  who  have  nothing  else  to  do. 

The  President  mentioned  that  this  question  had  occurred  last 
spring,  and  he  had  conversed  with  General  Gaines  concerning 
it.  Gaines  had  at  first  been  named  as  the  officer  to  take  pos 
session  of  East  Florida.  But  it  had  not  then  been  thought 
necessary  to  decide  the  question.  Gaines  had  told  him  he 
would  take  care  that  no  collision  should  arise  upon  it  between 
Jackson  and  him. 

I  asked  what  necessity  there  was  for  deciding  it  now.  It 
was,  after  all,  a  mere  question  of  form.  If  Jackson  could  not, 
as  Governor,  issue  direct  orders  as  a  military  commander,  he 
could  issue  requisitions  to  the  very  same  effect,  and  which  the 
troops  were  just  as  much  bound  to  obey. 

Calhoun  said  they  were  now  actually  obeyed,  and  would  be 
so  till  counter-orders  should  be  received  from  hence.  The 
question  might  therefore  be  left  undecided.  It  was  therefore 
postponed. 

The  next  point  considered  was  the  controversy  between 
General  Jackson  and  Judge  Fromentin.  The  opinion  was  unani 
mous,  that  as  the  only  laws  extended  to  the  Territory  were 
those  of  the  revenue  and  against  the  slave-trade,  Fromentin's 


368  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QU1NCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

jurisdiction  was  confined  to  them,  and  he  had  no  right  to 
issue  the  writ  of  habeas  corpus  to  liberate  Callava.  But  the 
President,  Mr.  Calhoun,  and  Mr.  Wirt  were  of  opinion  that 
Fromentin,  having  issued  the  writ,  though  erroneously,  in  his 
judicial  capacity,  was  not  amenable  for  it  to  Jackson,  and  that 
Jackson  had  no  right  to  summon  him  before  him  to  answer  for 
it.  I  thought  he  had.  For,  it  being  admitted  that  Fromentin 
had  no  right  to  issue  the  writ  of  habeas  corpus,  the  act  \vas 
an  act  of  most  dangerous  resistance  against  Jackson's  lawful 
authority,  for  which  it  appears  to  me  he  was  authorized  to  sum 
mon  Fromentin  before  him  to  answer  for  the  contempt.  I  read 
the  letter  from  Judge  Fromentin  to  me  of  6th  September,  and 
its  enclosures;  the  language  used  in  it  is  very  intemperate 
and  full  of  exasperation.  At  four  o'clock  the  discussion  was 
not  near  being  exhausted,  and  the  meeting  was  adjourned  till 
to-morrow  noon.  The  President  had  an  anonymous  letter 
warning  him  that  there  was  a  pamphlet  against  him  about 
being  published.  He  tore  it  up  and  burnt  it,  saying  that  he 
received  many  such  letters. 

24th.  Adjourned  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's.  I 
received  and  took  with  me  a  letter  from  Governor  Jackson, 
enclosing  a  proclamation  ordering  several  Spanish  officers  who 
had  remained  there  to  depart  from  the  province  within  four 
days.  They  had  published  in  the  newspapers  a  declaration 
highly  insulting  to  him  upon  the  affair  of  Callava.  I  told  the 
President  that  upon  further  reflection  I  thought  if  he  had  made 
up  his  mind  that  General  Jackson  had  no  right  to  issue  military 
orders  to  our  troops  stationed  in  the  province,  both  General 
Jackson  and  Colonel  Brooke  ought  to  be  informed  of  it,  because 
cases  might  arise  in  which  the  legality  or  illegality  of  his  orders 
might  be  of  infinite  importance.  It  appeared  that  in  Callava's 
case  there  had  been  threats  on  his  part  of  resistance  by  force, 
and  of  bloodshed,  and  that  Colonel  Butler's  soldiers  had  primed 
and  loaded  their  muskets  in  front  of  Callava's  house.  Vio 
lence  might  in  the  state  of  things  there  be  expected,  and  if  it 
should  occur  upon  illegal  orders  issued  after  the  Government 
have  had  time  and  opportunity  to  forbid  them,  blame  would 
fall  upon  the  Administration  for  the  omission  to  give  notice  to 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  369 

the  parties  implicated,  of  the  President's  determination.  The 
question  as  to  the  right  was  then  discussed  again. 

Mr.  Wirt  argued  the  point,  as  he  naturally  and  properly  does 
all  questions  in  the  Cabinet,  as  a  lawyer.  He  seemed  to  think 
that  General  Jackson's  powers,  being  those  heretofore  exercised 
by  the  Provincial  Governors,  and  by  the  Governor  and  Captain- 
General  of  Cuba,  could  have  operation  only  upon  the  old  in 
habitants,  and  not  upon  citizens  of  the  United  States.  And 
he  remarked  that  the  object  for  which  these  powers  were  con 
ferred  upon  Jackson  was  to  maintain  the  old  Spanish  inhabitants 
in  the  enjoyment  of  their  liberty,  property,  and  religion,  pro 
visionally,  and  until  they  can  be  admitted  to  all  the  rights 
and  privileges  of  citizens  of  the  United  States.  This  was  the 
stipulation  of  the  treaty  made  for  the  benefit  of  the  Spanish 
inhabitants.  How,  then,  could  Jackson  exercise  authority  over 
citizens  of  the  United  States?  How  could  he  have  any  com 
mand  of  the  army — the  creature  of  the  law,  governed  by  the 
Articles  of  War,  and  having  only  the  officers  and  commanders 
recognized  by  law  ? 

All  this  appeared  to  me  to  be  very  sound  reasoning,  taking 
departure  from  the  Constitution  and  laws  of  the  United  States, 
with  all  our  principles  restrictive  of  power,  and  our  cardinal 
maxim  of  separating  the  civil  from  the  military  authority,  and 
the  legislative,  executive,  and  judicial  powers  from  each  other. 
But  nothing  of  all  this  is  suited  to  the  occasion.  We  have 
acquired  a  Spanish  province,  heretofore  governed  by  arbitrary 
principles  and  by  military  rule.  Congress  had  not  time  at 
their  last  session  to  introduce  our  checked  and  balanced  system 
of  government  there.  They  continued,  therefore,  until  their 
next  session,  the  ancient  system  of  government;  and  all  the 
powers  formerly  exercised  by  the  supreme  rulers  of  the  prov 
ince  were  vested  in  the  Governor.  The  military  was  their  only 
Executive.  To  deny  the  Governor  the  right  to  command  the 
soldiers  was  to  strip  him  of  all  effective  power.  If  citizens  of 
the  United  States  went  into  the  province,  they  must  go  and 
abide  there  conformably  to  the  law  of  the  time  and  the  place. 
They  cannot  carry  the  Constitution  or  the  laws  of  the  United 
States  there  with  them.  To  this  the  authority  of  Congress  is 
VOL.  v. — 24 


370  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

alone  competent.  The  question  whether  Jackson  can  command 
the  troops  is  a  question  merely  of  forms.  And  where  there  is 
nothing  but  form  at  issue,  I  cannot  perceive  the  use  of  attach 
ing  much  importance  to  it.  The  more  direct  the  power  to 
command  is,  the  more  effective  it  will  be  to  its  purpose;  nor  do 
I  perceive  any  inconvenience  in  direct  command  more  than 
would  be  incident  to  subsidiary  requisition. 

Mr.  Calhoun  expressed  a  doubt  whether  Jackson  had  the 
power  to  order  the  Spanish  officers  out  of  the  province. 
Neither  he  nor  Wirt  seemed  capable  of  realizing  the  exercise 
of  absolute  power  by  an  American  Governor.  Calhoun  said 
he  was  afraid  the  officers  would  not  go;  in  which  case  Jackson 
would  certainly  send  them  to  jail:  in  short,  he  lived,  he  said,  in 
continual  fear  of  hearing  from  mail  to  mail  of  some  tragedy 
happening  there. 

I  said  that  undoubtedly  the  Spanish  Governors  had  and 
exercised  the  power  of  ordering  all  strangers  out  of  the  prov 
ince,  or  of  committing  them  to  prison  for  the  mere  act  of 
being  there. 

The  question  of  Jackson's  authority  to  summon  Fromentin 
before  him  was  yet  more  difficult.  Calhoun  and  Wirt  con 
sidered  the  issuing  of  the  writ  of  habeas  corpus  as  a  judicial 
act  performed  in  his  official  capacity,  for  which  he  was  not 
personally  answerable.  I  thought  that,  as  it  was  agreed  he  had 
no  right  to  issue  it,  he  was  at  least  so  far  answerable  for  it  as 
to  be  liable  to  a  summons  to  declare  the  authority  upon  which 
he  had  issued  it.  Calhoun  put  the  supposition  that  it  was 
doubtful.  I  said  that  it  made  no  difference.  Fromentin  had 
legally  the  right  to  issue  the  writ,  or  he  had  not.  If  he  had, 
he  was  not  accountable  to  Jackson  for  issuing  it;  if  he  had  not, 
as  was  unanimously  agreed,  he  was.  It  was  a  very  dangerous 
interference  with  the  Governor's  authority,  and  the  doubtful 
ness  of  the  question  of  his  own  right  could  not  impair  or  in 
any  manner  affect  the  official  powers  of  the  Governor. 

Calhoun  said  he  had  no  doubt  that  Jackson's  intentions  were 
perfectly  pure  and  upright;  but  his  disposition  was  to  exercise 
to  its  utmost  extent  every  particle  of  power  given  to  him.  He 
had  not  sufficient  regard  to  the  genius  of  our  institutions  and 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  371 

to  the  popular  opinion.  And  he  observed  that  almost  all  the 
newspapers  had  taken  side  against  Jackson  on  this  occasion — 
even  those  which  had  supported  him  most  strenuously  in  the 
affair  of  the  Seminole  War. 

I  said,  with  too  much  warmth,  that  I  could  not  and  would  not 
consider  the  nature  of  our  institutions,  the  transient  popular 
opinion,  or  the  factious  comments  of  newspapers,  as  having  any 
weight  in  the  case.  The  enquiry  was  of  justice  and  of  power. 
Jackson's  commission  gave  him  all  the  powers  of  a  Spanish 
Governor;  he  had  exercised  them  only  for  the  purposes  of 
justice.  It  seemed  to  me  absurd,  after  formally  investing  him 
with  absolute  power,  utterly  incompatible  with  all  our  institu 
tions  and  habits  and  opinions,  to  blame  him  for  using  it  to  the 
only  ends  which  could  justify  the  use  of  them  at  all. 

Wirt  thought  that  Jackson  ought  to  have  had  regard  to  the 
popular  opinion,  because  the  credit  and  influence  of  the  Admin 
istration  is  affected  by  it,  and  the  censure  upon  him  for  using 
the  power  would  be  shared  by  them  for  conferring  it  upon  him. 

The  President  said  that  Congress  had  extended  to  Florida 
only  the  laws  relating  to  the  revenue  and  to  the  slave-trade. 
In  all  other  respects  the  system  of  Spanish  government  was 
continued  till  the  next  session.  Here,  then,  were  two  systems, 
different  and  opposite  in  their  characters,  in  operation  at  once 
in  the  same  territory.  For  the  American  law,  Fromentin  was 
the  judge,  and  in  the  exercise  of  his  jurisdiction  was  independ 
ent  of  Jackson.  For  the  Spanish  law,  Jackson  was  the  judge, 
and  independent  of  the  authority  of  Fromentin.  He  thought, 
therefore,  that  Judge  Fromentin  had  no  right  to  issue  the  writ 
of  habeas  corpus,  and  that  Jackson  had  no  right  to  summon 
Fromentin  before  him.  Each  jurisdiction  was  independent  of 
the  other. 

It  was  suggested  by  Mr.  Wirt  that  as  the  government  of 
Florida  was,  by  the  Act  of  Congress,  to  be  administered  by 
such  persons  and  in  such  nianncr^s  the  President  should  direct, 
instructions  might  be  sent  to  Governor  Jackson  to  exercise  no 
authority  but  such  as  would  be  compatible  with  our  institu 
tions ;  and  the  President  said  he  wished  there  might  be  as  little 
exercise  of  authority  as  possible. 


372  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

I  said  I  thought  such  an  order  would  be  very  dangerous,  and 
equivalent  to  the  suspension  of  all  government  in  the  province. 
While  the  discussion  continued,  four  o'clock  came,  and,  Mr. 
Wirt  finding  himself  somewhat  unwell,  the  meeting  was  again 
adjourned  until  to-morrow  noon. 

25th.  Third  successive  clay's  Cabinet  meeting.  Calhoun  and 
Wirt  present.  Mr.  Calhoun  again  raised  the  question  whether 
General  Jackson  had  the  right  to  banish  the  Spanish  officers, 
and  inclined  to  the  opinion  that  if  their  remaining  in  the 
country  after  the  expiration  of  the  stipulated  six  months  was  a 
violation  of  the  treaty,  Jackson  had  only  power  to  give  them 
notice  to  depart,  and,  if  they  refused,  to  make  report  of  their 
refusal  to  this  Government.  But  the  principal  debate  of  this 
day  was  upon  the  transactions  with  Callava. 

Mr.  Wirt  insisted  that,  as  the  Commissioner  of  Spain,  Callava 
was  entitled  to  the  immunities  of  a  public  Minister,  at  least  to 
exemption  from  the  process  of  our  judicial  tribunals.  I  ad 
mitted  that  as  Commissioner  he  was  privileged  to  the  extent 
necessary  for  the  performance  of  his  duties,  but  I  thought  his 
privilege  ceased  when  those  duties  were  performed  and  a  reason 
able  time  had  been  allowed  him  to  depart.  They  ceased,  at  all 
events,  at  the  expiration  of  the  six  months  within  which  Spain 
had  stipulated  in  the  treaty  that  the  province  should  be  evac 
uated  by  her  officers  and  troops. 

Mr.  Wirt  made  questions  whether,  by  the  stipulation  that  the 
officers  and  troops  should  be  withdrawn,  they  were  obliged  to 
depart  from  the  territory,  or  merely  to  evacuate  the  forts;  also 
whether  Governor  Callava  could  be  included  under  the  denomi 
nation  of  an  officer,  and  even  if  as  Governor  he  could,  whether 
his  other  character  of  Commissioner  did  not  give  him  new  privi 
leges  and  a  right  to  remain,  even  after  the  evacuation  by  the 
officers  and  troops. 

These  questions  were  embarrassing,  but  they  appeared  to 
me  to  be  trifling  niceties  :  that  whether  the  Governor  of  the 
province  was  an  officer  seemed  such  cavilling,  as  well  as  that 
whether  withdrawing  implied  evacuation  of  the  territory,  that 
I  answered  them  impatiently  and  rather  slightingly — which  I 
regret,  because  Mr.  WTirt  was  hurt  by  the  tone  I  assumed. 


iS2i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ $ 

Unruffleable  patience  and  composure  is  essential  to  all  sound 
deliberation;  and  I  have  not  yet  attained  it  in  perfection. 

Wirt  said  he  had  supposed  that  the  very  object  of  deliber 
ation  was  to  consider  the  subject  in  every  light  of  which  it 
was  susceptible,  and  to  anticipate  every  objection  that  could  be 
made  ;  to  which  I  fully  assented.  The  inclination  of  the  Presi 
dent's  opinion  appeared  to  be  -against  Jackson's  proceedings 
upon  all  the  points,  though  he  has  invariably  been  clear  that 
Fromentin  had  no  right  to  issue  the  writ  of  habeas  corpus  ;  but 
he  has  no  doubt  of  the  purity  of  his  motives  and  intentions, 
and  he  is  also  convinced  of  the  integrity  of  Fromentin. 

I  finally  suggested  that  it  would  be  proper,  before  coming  to 
a  decisive  opinion  upon  the  affair  with  Callava,  to  communicate 
to  Jackson  himself  the  complaint  of  Salmon,  the  Spanish  Charge 
d'Affaires,  against  him,  with  Callava's  protest,  and  to  wait  and 
learn  what  he  has  to  say  in  answer  to  them  himself.  In  the 
mean  time  that  I  should  write  both  to  him  and  to  Judge  Fro 
mentin,  informing  them  of  the  President's  views  with  regard 
to  the  questions  of  conflicting  jurisdiction  between  them,  and 
that  the  War  Department  should  signify  to  him  the  President's 
opinion  that  he  has  no  direct  command  of  the  troops.  To  all 
this  the  President  agreed,  and  I  took  with  me  a  sketch  of  the 
substance  of  an  answer  to  the  complaint  of  the  Spanish  Min 
ister,  which  the  President  had  himself  drawn  up. 

Mr.  Wirt,  in  support  of  his  opinion  of  Callava's  immunities 
as  a  Commissioner,  cited  and  read  two  passages  of  Vattel. 

26th.  The  President  called  at  the  office.  He  wrote  me  also 
two  notes  in  the  course  of  the  day.  He  is  yet  hesitating  as  to 
the  course  to  be  pursued  upon  these  transactions  in  Florida. 
In  one  letter  he  advised  conceding  to  the  Spanish  Minister, 
in  the  first  instance,  that  the  Spanish  Commissioner  had  been 
entitled  to  the  immunities  of  a  public  Minister,  but  to  insist 
that  they  had  ceased  on  the  surrender  of  the  province,  or  had 
been  forfeited  by  his  misconduct  afterwards.  In  the  other, 
he  thought  the  right  itself  to  immunity  ought  not  to  be  con 
ceded.  In  the  last  of  the  notes  he  proposed  to  write  him 
self  to  General  Jackson,  intimating  that  Fromentin,  though  he 
had  no  right  to  issue  the  writ  of  habeas  corpus,  was  yet  inde- 


374  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

pendent  of  his  jurisdiction,  and  that  the  troops  are  not  under  his 
command.  I  have  on  no  other  occasion  witnessed  so  much  fluc 
tuation  and  so  much  reluctance  at  coming  to  any  decisive  con 
clusion  of  procedure  ;  at  which  I  am  not  surprised.  I  made  drafts 
of  letters  to  Jackson  and  Fromentin,  and  began  one  in  answer 
to  the  complaint  of  the  Spanish  Charge  d'Affaires,  Salmon. 

27th.  I  called  at  the  President's  house,  and  found  him  walk 
ing  in  his  yard  with  Mr.  Calhoun.  He  had  my  drafts  of  letters 
to  General  Jackson,  to  Judge  Fromentin,  and  to  the  Spanish 
Minister  in  answer  to  the  complaint  of  the  Charge  d'Affaires, 
Salmon,  and  said  he  would  keep  them  for  examination.  He 
said  the  more  he  reflected  upon  the  subject,  the  more  he 
doubted  whether  Callava  had  any  just  pretension  to  diplomatic 
privileges  or  immunities.  He  had  been  the  Governor  of  the 
province,  and  then  Commissioner  for  delivering  it  up.  While 
he  was  Governor,  he  needed  no  privilege ;  he  commanded  in 
the  place  himself.  When  he  ceased  to  be  Governor,  it  was 
by  executing  his  duty  as  Commissioner.  When  he  had  de 
livered  up  the  province,  his  powers  and  rights  in  both  capacities 
ceased,  and  he  had  no  other  privilege  than  to  depart  in  peace. 
If  he  remained,  it  was  without  any  privilege ;  and  if  it  was 
fraudulently  to  withhold  and  carry  away  papers  which  he 
ought  to  have  delivered  up,  what  was  this  but  attempting  to 
make  a  privilege  of  his  own  wrong,  and  to  turn  his  own  mis 
conduct  into  immunity?  This  idea  is  ingenious,  and  sets  in  a 
strong  light  the  wrongfulness  of  the  assertion  of  the  claim  of 
privilege.  But  is  not  every  claim  of  privilege  altogether  dis 
tinct  from  the  merits  of  the  occasion  upon  which  it  is  asserted  ? 

28th.  I  received  a  note  from  the  President,  with  the  drafts  of 
the  letters  to  Governor  Jackson  and  Judge  Fromentin,  with 
several  amendments  proposed  by  him.  These  amendments 
differing  altogether  from  the  ideas  in  the  President's  note  to 
me  of  the  26th,  and  being  liable  to  some  other  objections,  I 
reserve  both  the  drafts  and  amendments  to  speak  with  the 
President  of  them  to-morrow. 

29th.  Don  Joaquin  d'Anduaga,  appointed  Envoy  Extraor 
dinary  and  Minister  Plenipotentiary  from  Spain,  came  this 
morning  to  the  office  with  Mr.  Salmon,  the  late  Charge 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  375 

d'Affaires.  He  left  with  me  a  copy  of  his  credential  letter, 
and  asked  for  an  audience  of  the  President  to  deliver  it.  He 
is  the  son  of  the  Chevalier  Anduaga,  whom  I  knew  as  Spanish 
Minister  to  the  Batavian  Republic  in  1796  and  7;  brother  to 
the  wife  of  Zea  Bermudez,  whom  I  knew  at  St.  Petersburg , 

o  ' 

and  to  the  wife  of  Curtoys,  with  whom  I  was  acquainted 
first  at  Berlin,  and  afterwards  in  London.  He  told  me  that 
his  mother  was  dead,  his  father  living,  but  very  aged  and 
infirm  ;  that  Zea  is  at  Constantinople,  and  Curtoys  in  Italy. 
Mr.  T.  L.  L.  Brent,  our  late  Charge  d'Affaires  at  Madrid,  has 
given  us  reason  to  expect  little  satisfaction  from  the  mission 
of  Don  Joaquin.  He  remonstrated,  though  without  success, 
against  his  appointment,  and  has  given  us  a  very  indifferent 
character  of  him. 

I  called  on  the  President,  who  fixed  on  the  day  after  to 
morrow,  at  one  o'clock,  to  receive  Mr.  Anduaga.  Mr.  Crawford 
was  with  the  President,  but  just  sufficiently  recovered  to  attend 
to  business.  He  was  consulting  the  President  about  the  ap 
pointment  of  keepers  for  two  new  light-houses  in  the  State  of 
Maine.  After  he  went  away,  I  mentioned  to  the  President  my 
objections  to  the  amendments  he  had  proposed  to  my  drafts 
of  letters  to  Governor  Jackson  and  Judge  Fromentin.  These 
amendments  in  direct  terms  told  each  of  those  officers  that  he 
had  no  right  to  do  what  he  had  done.  I  observed  that  this 
might  perhaps  dissatisfy  both  of  them.  It  might  possibly 
induce  both  of  them  to  resign,  and  then  to  make  it  a  matter 
of  controversy  with  the  Administration.  Fromentin  might  be 
appeasable,  but  Jackson  had  a  strong  hold  on  the  affections  of 
this  people.  There  was  now  a  clamor  almost  entirely  factious 
against  Jackson,  because  it  was  expected  the  Administration 
would  support  him ;  but  if  he  should  be  harshly  treated,  and 
resign  in  disgust,  there  would  be  a  reaction  of  popular  opinion 
in  his  favor,  and  even  those  now  the  loudest  in  the  clamor 
against  him  would  turn  in  his  favor  against  the  Government. 
I  had  therefore  in  the  drafts  of  the  letters  stated  the  President's 
opinion  with  regard  to  the  right  in  terms  clear  and  intelligible, 
but  rather  by  inference  than  by  express  statement;  and  as  to 
General  Jackson,  I  had  understood  from  the  President's  note 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [October, 

of  the  26th  that  it  was  his  intention  to  write  himself  to  the 
General. 

He  said,  upon  further  reflection  he  had  thought  best  that 
whatever  should  be  written  to  General  Jackson  upon  the  sub 
ject  should  be  official,  and  through  the  regular  Departments  ; 
and  it  had  occurred  to  him  that  in  expressing  his  opinion  of 
the  errors  of  Jackson  and  Fromentin  he  should  frankly  ac 
knowledge  to  them  that  his  own  omission  to  give  them  more 
special  instructions  was  probably  the  cause  of  the  difficulties 
which  had  arisen  in  their  construction  of  their  respective  com 
missions. 

I  told  him  that  all  apology  from  a  superior  to  a  subordinate 
authority  was  incongruous  ;  and  if  he  thought  it  due  to  those 
officers  to  take  a  part  of  the  responsibility  for  their  errors  upon 
himself,  it  would  be  better  to  introduce  it  into  the  communica 
tion  to  Congress  than  to  make  a  direct  acknowledgment  of  it 
to  the  officers  themselves ;  with  which  he  immediately  con 
curred.  I  left  the  drafts  again  with  the  President  for  further 
examination. 

I  mentioned  to  him  that  I  had  observed  in  the  newspapers 
that  the  case  of  the  Jeune  Eugenie  had  been  tried  by  the  Cir 
cuit  Court  at  Boston,  but  the  judgment  of  the  Court  upon  it 
was  postponed.  I  supposed  that  the  judgment  of  the  Court 
would  furnish  a  suitable  answer  to  be  given  to  the  demands  of 
the  French  Minister.  But  the  case  of  the  Apollon  remains  to 
be  tried  in  the  Circuit  Court  in  Georgia.  Captain  Edou  has 
sued  the  Collector  at  St.  Mary's,  and  the  District  Attorney  in 
Georgia,  appearing  ex  officio  for  the  Collector,  has  written  to 
enquire  upon  what  grounds  the  legality  of  the  seizure  has  been 
maintained  diplomatically.  I  had  taken  to  the  President  the 
letter  of  Mr.  Gallatin  to  me  of  2d  July,  and  referred  him  to 
his  note  to  Baron  Pasquier  of  28th  June.  I  asked  him  if  these 
papers  were  to  be  communicated  with  the  rest  to  the  District 
Attorney;  and  I  told  him  they  were  to  me  unaccountable 
papers.  In  the  note  to  Mr.  Pasquier,  Mr.  Gallatin  has  taken  a 
new  ground  of  defence,  the  main  objection  to  which  was,  that 
the  fact  was  directly  against  it;  as  the  evidence  which  we 
ourselves  shall  be  obliged  to  produce  would  prove.  But  in 


1 82 i.j  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

his  letter  to  me  he  pronounces  dogmatically  against  all  our 
grounds,  and  at  the  same  time  totally  demolishes  his  own. 
The  President  desired  me  to  send  the  letter  and  note  round  to 
the  other  members  of  the  Administration,  and  said  he  would 
consult  them  upon  what  was  to  be  done.  He  wished  particu 
larly  to  consult  Mr.  Crawford,  to  whom  especially  the  original 
responsibility  of  the  measure  belonged.  The  Treasury  Order 
had  issued  in  May,  1818,  when  he  himself  was  absent  from  the 
city  ;  at  least  he  thought  so  ;  not  that  he  wished  to  evade  the 
responsibility  of  having  afterwards  approved  it,  but  whatever 
was  to  be  done  should  be  with  Mr.  Crawford's  approbation  or 
knowledge. 

3Oth.  I  received  a  note  from  the  President,  with  the  drafts 
of  letters  to  General  Jackson  and  Judge  Fromentin,  and  to  the 
Spanish  Minister  in  answer  to  Mr.  Salmon's  complaint.  The 
President  does  not  adhere  to  the  amendments  which  he  had  pro 
posed,  and  only  suggests  two  or  three  slight  additions  to  the  draft. 

3 1  st.  At  one  o'clock  I  presented  to  the  President  Don  Joa- 
quin  d'Anduaga,  who  delivered  to  him  a  credential  letter  as 
Envoy  Extraordinary  and  Minister  Plenipotentiary  from  the 
King  of  Spain ;  with  which  he  made  a  very  short  compli 
mentary  address.  The  President  answered  it  in  few  words, 
expressive  of  interest  in  the  welfare  of  Spain,  in  general  terms. 
He  then  enquired  of  Mr.  Anduaga  concerning  his  father  and 
family.  He  had  first  become  acquainted  with  them  at  the 
Hague  in  January,  1797,  where  I  met  him,  among  other  places, 
at  the  Chevalier  d'Anduaga's  hou.se.  He  was  afterwards  Span 
ish  Minister  in  London  when  Mr.  Monroe  was  there  from  this 
country.  Don  Joaquin  said  that  he  had  been  charged  by  his 
father  to  remember  him  kindly  to  Mr.  Monroe;  that  he  was 
very  aged  and  infirm,  so  that  he  (Don  Joaquin)  had  been 
obliged  to  leave  his  wife  in  Spain  to  attend  to  his  father.  The 
whole  audience  took  not  more  than  fifteen  minutes. 

November  1st.  The  Baron  Hyde  de  Neuville,  the  French 
Minister,  came  to  the  office  and  mentioned  to  me  that  at  the 
late  trial  of  la  Jeune  Eugenie  at  Boston  the  French  Consul 
had  presented  a  protest  against  the  jurisdiction  of  the  Court, 
which  the  Court  had  declined  receiving,  and  the  Consul  had 


378  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.       [November, 

written  to  him  for  instructions.  He  wished  to  agree  with  me 
upon  the  manner  of  effecting  this  interposition  on  the  part  of 
the  French  Government,  and  came  therefore  to  ask  of  me  an 
answer  to  his  letter  of  24th  August  last,  in  which  he  demanded 
that  the  vessel  should  be  delivered  up. 

I  told  him  that  the  President  had  been  constantly  inclined, 
from  the  time  when  he  first  made  the  demand,  that  the  vessel 
should  be  delivered  up,  but  that  the  capture  had  been  made  on 
the  presumption  that  she  was  an  American  vessel  ;  and  the 
case  was  regularly  before  the  judicial  tribunal,  from  which  the 
President  had  no  power  to  take  it.  The  Government  was  there 
fore  under  some  embarrassment  how  to  proceed  in  the  case  ;  but 
I  presumed  the  vessel  would  ultimately  be  delivered  up,  as  we 
utterly  disclaimed  the  right  of  searching  French  vessels  in  time 
of  peace,  and  \vere  resisting  to  the  utmost  the  effort  of  Great 
Britain  to  obtain  such  a  right  by  treaty.  With  regard  to  the 
mode  of  interposition,  and  also  to  the  principle  of  delivering 
up  a  foreign  vessel  even  after  judicial  cognizance  had  been 
taken  of  her  case,  the  Baron  mentioned  a  case  decided  by  the 
Supreme  Court  of  the  United  States,  and  reported  in  the 
seventh  volume  of  Cranch's  Reports — the  case  of  the  balaou 
or  schooner  Exchange.  And  he  said  he  had  in  manuscript 
the  decision  of  Judge  Peters  in  the  District  and  of  Judge 
Washington  in  the  Circuit  Court.  He  referred  also  to  a  cor 
respondence  in  1 80 1  between  Lord  Hawkesbury,  then  British 
Secretary  of  State  for  Foreign  Affairs,  and  the  Danish  Minister, 
Count  Wedel  Jarlsberg,  for  a  precedent  of  vessels  delivered  up 
by  an  executive  order  after  an  answer  in  the  first  instance  that 
they  must  abide  the  result  of  a  judicial  trial.  These  papers 
are  in  the  Supplement,  vol.  ii.  p.  442,  of  Martens's  Collection 
of  Treaties.  I  asked  the  Baron  to  furnish  me  these  prece 
dents  ;  and  he  afterwards  sent  them  to  me  by  the  Count  de 
Menou,  together  with  a  late  correspondence  between  the  Brit 
ish  and  French  Governments,  in  which  the  former  not  only 
delivered  up  a  French  slave-trader  captured  by  a  British  cruiser 
from  Sierra  Leone,  but  apologized  by  anticipation  for  the  cap 
ture  without  waiting  for  a  complaint. 

Mr.   Calhoun   called   at   my  office,  and  spoke   of  affairs   in 


iS2i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  379 

Florida.  He  said  he  felt  himself  much  relieved  by  the  address 
of  General  Jackson  to  the  inhabitants  of  Florida,  published  at 
the  time  of  his  departure  from  Pensacola.  It  was  extremely 
well  written,  and  remarkable  for  dignity  and  moderation.  This 
would  much  diminish  the  unpopularity  of  his  late  measures; 
and  if  he  should  resign,  as  he  had  intimated,  his  intention  of 
doing  it  would  go  still  further  in  assuaging  the  public  temper. 
I  showed  him  the  draft  I  had  made  of  letters  to  Jackson  and 
Fromentin,  and  read  to  him  that  to  the  Spanish  Minister  in 
ans\ver  to  Salmon.  Mr.  Calhoun  still  thinks  that  Callava  was 
entitled  to  exemption  from  arrest  of  his  person,  or  seizure  of 
his  papers,  by  his  character  of  Commissioner.  His  argument 
is,  that  as  Commissioner  it  was  his  duty  to  deliver  the  papers; 
it  was  his  duty  to  make  the  selection  of  the  papers  from  all 
those  that  were  in  his  possession;  he  was  to  judge  and  decide 
which  were  to  be  delivered  up  and  which  to  be  detained.  If  he 
had  been  unfaithful  in  the  discharge  of  this  duty,  we  had  a 
right  to  complain  ;  to  demand  the  delivery  of  the  papers  wrong 
fully  detained  by  him  ;  to  call  upon  his  sovereign  to  punish 
him  ;  but  not  to  use  force  to  obtain  the  papers,  still  less  to  im 
prison  his  person.  It  was  in  his  character  as  Commissioner 
that  he  withheld  the  papers.  To  use  force  to  obtain  them  was, 
therefore,  violence  upon  his  official  character,  bearing  precisely 
upon  the  point  in  which,  and  for  which,  he  was  privileged. 

This  argument  presents  the  claim  of  immunity  in  its  strong 
est  light;  but  I  still  think  that  the  Commissarial  character  and 
its  privileges  had  doubly  terminated — first,  by  the  surrender 
of  the  province;  and,  secondly,  by  the  limitation  in  the  treaty. 
And  I  said  if  it  had  not,  I  should  be  disposed  to  say  of  it 
what  Hume  says  of  the  execution  of  Don  Pantaleon  de  Sa, 
the  brother  of  the  Portuguese  Ambassador,  by  Oliver  Crom 
well,  for  a  nv.irder — that  although  the  laws  of  nations  were 
violated,  it  was  by  a  signal  act  of  justice  deserving  universal 
approbation. 

Calhoun  said  he  had  much  rather  the  affair  should  not  have 
happened,  for  it  would  be  used  as  an  engine  of  faction  against 
the  Administration.  There  was  a  party  very  busy  in  decry 
ing  the  Administration  as  anti-republican  and  regardless  of  the 


380  MEMOIRS   OF   JOHN    QUIXCY  ADAMS.         [November, 

Constitution.  Every  incident  of  this  kind  would  give  them 
opportunity  to  rouse  clamor,  of  which  they  would  not  fail  to 
take  advantage.  This  I  admitted,  but  observed  that  I  placed 
great  reliance  upon  the  ultimate  rectitude  of  public  opinion. 
In  this  case  the  utmost  extent  of  the  injury  done  was  the  im 
prisonment  of  Colonel  Callava  one  day.  The  benefit  secured 
was  the  saving  of  a  family  of  orphans  from  ruin.  It  was  im 
possible  that  the  people  of  this  country  should  permanently 
censure  the  attainment  of  the  substantial  ends  of  justice  from 
a  respect  for  forms,  venerable  indeed  as  instruments  to  the 
same  ends,  but  which  lose  their  nature  when  perverted  to  evil 
purposes. 

2d.  I  mentioned  to  the  President  the  application  of  the 
French  Minister  yesterday  upon  the  case  of  "  La  Jeune  Eu 
genie,"  and  the  letter  I  had  received  the  day  before  concerning 
it  from  G.  Blake,  the  District  Attorney,  who  is  very  confident 
that  the  vessel  will  be  condemned.  Blake  had  argued  to  the 
Court  that,  even  if  she  was  a  French  vessel,  the  Court  ought 
not  to  sustain  the  claim  of  a  French  claimant  if  it  appeared 
that  she  was  engaged  in  a  trade  prohibited  by  the  laws  of 
France.  The  Baron  was  alarmed  at  this  doctrine,  as  coming 
from  the  public  officer  of  the  United  States,  though  I  told  him 
it  was  merely  by  way  of  argument  as  counsel,  and  the  Court 
would  not  so  decide.  I  left  the  papers  with  the  President,  who 
directed  that  a  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  Administration 
should  be  called  to  consider  of  the  case  at  noon  to-morrow. 

3d.  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's  at  noon.  The  case  of 
la  Jeune  Eugenie  was  discussed  with  much  diversity  of  opinion 
as  to  the  measures  to  be  pursued,  the  President  inclining  to 
order  the  delivery  of  the  vessel  to  the  French  Consul  by  direct 
authority;  with  which  opinion  Mr.  Crawford  concurred.  Mr. 
Thompson  strongly  inclined  against  any  Executive  interference, 
but  was  for  leaving  the  cause  to  the  decision  of  the  Court.  If 
they  should  decide  against  their  own  jurisdiction,  the  vessel 
would  of  course  be  restored.  If  they  should  sustain  it,  that 
would  furnish  an  answer  to  the  French  Minister,  with  which 
he  and  his  Government  ought  to  be  satisfied.  Mr.  Wirt  also 
had  great  scruples  about  the  propriety  of  Executive  interference 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ?gl 

with  judiciary  proceedings,  and  it  was  observed  that  the  pre 
cedent  of  the  schooner  Exchange,  in  Cranch's  Reports,  did 
not  apply,  that  vessel  having  been  claimed  by  the  French 
Minister  as  a  public  vessel.  It  was  contended  that  here  the 
question  was  of  the  national  character  of  the  vessel,  and 
whether  that  was  to  be  considered  established  beyond  all  en 
quiry  merely  by  the  flag  or  the  papers.  If  the  mere  exhibition 
of  the  flag  precluded  all  examination,  it  was  in  vain  to  enact 
laws  against  the  slave-trade  ;  for  it  were  preposterous  to  suppose 
that  the  slave-trading  vessel  would  show  the  flag  of  a  nation 
with  a  cruiser  under  the  same  flag  in  sight,  when  the  mere 
hoisting  of  another  flag  would  shield  her  from  all  examination. 

o  o 

After  long  debate  of  these  questions,  I  suggested  that  the 
precedent  in  the  case  of  the  Exchange  should  be  followed  in 
regard  to  the  communication  with1  the  Circuit  Court ;  that  the 
District  Attorney  should  be  instructed  to  make  a  suggestion 
to  the  Court,  that  the  French  Minister  had  demanded  the 
delivery  of  the  vessel  as  a  French  vessel,  amenable  only  to  the 
jurisdiction  of  French  tribunals,  and  that  the  President  con 
sidered  the  claim  to  be  well  founded ;  the  Court  would  act 
upon  this  suggestion  as  they  should  think  proper.  If  they 
should  decide  to  deliver  up  the  vessel,  the  claim  of  the  French 
Minister  would  be  admitted,  and  the  question  at  an  end.  If 
they  should  maintain  their  own  jurisdiction  and  condemn  the 
vessel,  they  would  assign  reasons  for  their  decision,  which 
would  be  subject  to  reversal  or  revisal  by  the  Supreme  Court 
of  the  United  States,  and  furnish  the  answer  to  be  given  to  the 
claim  on  the  part  of  France. 

After  much  desultory  conversation,  it  seemed  to  be  agreed 
that  this  course  should  be  taken;  but,  as  Mr.  Thompson  was 
still  dissatisfied  with  it,  and  Mr.  Wirt  still  expressed  doubts, 
I  proposed  to  the  President  to  take  a  formal  opinion  of  the 
Attorney- General  after  he  shall  have  read  all  the  papers  sent 
to  me  by  the  French  Minister  as  precedents ;  to  which  the 
President  assented. 

There  was  also  something  said  of  a  vessel  called  the  San 
Jose,  now  fitting  out  as  a  piratical  privateer  at  Baltimore.  Mr. 
Canning  had  some  time  since  given  notice  of  this  vessel,  and 


382  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.        [November, 

there  has  since  been  a  complaint  from  the  Spanish  Consul  to 
the  Collector.  Several  expedients  were  suggested  by  the  Presi 
dent  and  by  Mr.  Crawford  :  to  order  the  revenue  cutter  to  ac 
company  her  out  to  sea ;  to  put  a  file  of  soldiers  on  board, 
with  orders  not  to  leave  her  until  she  shall  be  seventy  miles 
out  from  the  ccast ;  to  station  officers  of  the  customs  on  board 
of  her,  etc. ;  but  there  appeared  to  be  nothing  positively  deter 
mined.  She  entered  at  Baltimore  as  a  Colombian  merchant 
vessel  in  ballast.  She  has  been  ostensibly  loading  a  cargo  of 
flour;  but  cannon  have  been  purchased  for  her,  and  seamen 
enlisted  at  high  wages,  with  great  notoriety.  Their  practice  is 
to  clear  out  from  Baltimore  as  merchant  vessels,  and  to  take 
in  their  guns  and  seamen  down  in  Chesapeake  Bay. 

We  had  evening  visits  from  Governor  Cass,  of  the  Michigan 
Territory,  and  from  Mr.  William  Lee;  but  I  was  obliged  to 
leave  them  and  attend  in  my  library  Messrs.  Caldwell  and  Law, 
who  came  to  take  a  continuation  of  my  deposition.1  They  had 
already  this  evening  taken  that  of  Mr.  Calhoun  at  his  house. 
They  came  between  seven  and  eight  in  the  evening,  and  were 
with  me  till  near  eleven,  without  being  able  to  get  through. 
Mr.  Caldwell  therefore  wrote  a  line  to  Philadelphia,  to  say  that 
the  Commission  could  not  be  closed  till  next  week,  and  we  ad 
journed  to  meet  again  on  Monday  at  my  house.  I  told  them  I 
should  wish  to  keep  copies  as  well  of  my  own  answers  as  of 
those  of  Mr.  Crawford  and  Mr.  Calhoun,  and  desired  them  to 
leave  the  papers  with  me,  that  I  might  have  copies  of  them 
made  out.  They  left  them  accordingly,  except  the  answers  of 
Mr.  Calhoun,  which,  being  much  interlined  and  almost  illegible, 
Mr.  Law  said  he  wished  to  write  over  again.  I  told  them  I 
should  wish  one  of  my  own  answers  also  to  be  written  over 
again  and  much  enlarged,  having,  by  a  close  examination  of 
my  diary  of  February  and  March,  1818,  found  many  particulars 
minuted  at  the  time  serving  to  confirm  my  former  testimony, 
and  which  I  wished  fully  to  disclose  ;  to  which  they  agreed. 

4th.  I  employed  the  remainder  of  the  day  and  the  evening 
in  writing  my  answers  for  the  interrogatories  and  the  extracts 
from  my  diary.  They  confirm  my  former  testimony  even  be- 

1  In  the  suit  of  Harris  vs.  Lewis,  already  mentioned. 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  383 

yond  my  expectations.  My  nephew  made  me  a  copy  of  the 
commission  and  interrogatories,  and  my  son,  of  Mr.  Crawford's 
answers.  I  find  great  advantage  in  having  kept  copies  of  my 
answers  under  the  former  Commission.  Mr.  Crawford's  char 
acter  is  fully  developed  in  Governor  Clarke's  pamphlet,  and,  after 
reflecting  upon  the  lineaments  of  that  portrait,  I  cannot  be  sur 
prised  at  anything  bearing  the  mark  of  congenial  features.  A 
worthless  and  desperate  man,  against  whom  I  have  been  com 
pelled  to  testify  in  a  Court  of  justice,  attempts,  in  the  face  of 
his  own  conscience,  to  save  himself  from  infamy  by  discrediting 
my  testimony,  and  finds  in  Mr.  Crawford  a  ready  and  willing 
auxiliary.  To  support  him  in  this  scandalous  purpose,  Craw 
ford  solemnly  deposes  in  a  Court  of  justice  that  which  is  not 
true.  I  cannot  yet  bring  myself  to  believe  that  it  has  been  by 
wilful  falsehood.  Ambition  debauches  memory  itself.  Craw 
ford  has  positively  sworn  to  things  as  requested  by  me,  which 
by  his  own  showing  he  knew  only  by  hearsay  from  the  Presi 
dent.  I  never  did  request  them.  He  has  sworn  to  things 
as  having  been  told  him  of  my  saying  in  February,  1818, 
bottomed  upon  facts  which  I  did  not  know  till  the  following 
March.  In  the  fairest  possible  view  that  can  be  taken  of  his 
deposition,  he  began  by  a  gross  and  total  misconception,  and 
has  ended  by  a  misrepresentation  equally  gross  and  total  of 
the  whole  subject.  He  has  blended  and  confounded  times  and 
circumstances,  and  represented  as  a  formal  statement  of  my 
evidence  given  before  him  and  Calhoun  of  what  I  considered 
as  a  mere  casual  answer  to  a  question  from  him,  and  at  a  time 
when  I  have  all  but  absolute  certainty  that  Calhoun  was  not 
even  present.  He  has  sworn  so  positively  that  I  began  even 
to  mistrust  my  own  memory,  and  to  fear  there  had  been  some 
strange  misunderstanding  of  my  own,  till  by  recurrence  to  my 
diary  I  find  my  own  recollections  confirmed  by  the  minutes 
which  I  made  at  the  time.  May  the  law  of  truth  be  ever  upon 
my  lips,  and  that  of  honor  ever  in  my  heart! 

5th.  Caldwell  and  Law  came  to  my  house  this  morning,  and 
I  left  them  in  my  writing-room  to  copy  the  answers  which  I 
had  written  to  the  remaining  interrogatories.  They  afterwards 
came  to  the  Department,  and  continued  writing  in  the  audience- 


384  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [November, 

chamber,  opposite  my  own  office.  I  left  them  there  at  five;  and 
about  two  hours  after,  they  came  to  my  house  and  took  my 
signatures  to  my  answers.  Then  they  went  to  Mr.  Calhoun's  to 
close  the  Commission.  There  was  one  interrogatory  put  on  the 
part  of  Harris  to  the  witnesses,  excepting  me  and  Joseph  Gales 
(to  whom  there  were  also  interrogatories  put  concerning  publi 
cations  in  the  National  Intelligencer,  but  who  is  now  absent  at 
New  York),  calling  upon  them  to  testify  to  their  own  memories. 
This  question  Mr.  Crawford  did  not  at  first  answer,  and  when 
I  observed  it  to  the  Commissioners,  they  told  me  it  was  not 
answered.  I  understood  them  it  was  waived.  Mr.  Calhoun 
answered  that  his  memory  was  tenacious  of  results,  but  not  of 
details.  This  evening,  when  the  Commissioners  came  to  take 
my  signatures,  I  found  that  Crawford  had  this  day  answered 
this  last  interrogatory,  swearing  stoutly  to  the  goodness  of  his 
memory,  and  referring,  for  confirmation  of  its  accuracy  in  the 
statement  he  made  of  my  request  to  be  heard  before  him  and 
Calhoun,  to  the  fact  that  I  did  make  that  which  he  had  under 
stood  the  President  to  say  I  had  to  make,  and  that  he  told 
Harris  of  it  immediately  afterwards.  And  for  confirmation  of 
what  he  had  stated  me  to  have  said  afterwards  in  the  winter 
of  1819 — that  he  had  also  told  Harris  of  that  immediately 
afterwards. 

I  desired  a  copy  of  this  last  answer  of  Crawford's,  which 
Law  immediately  made  ;  but  it  did  not  occur  to  me  to  add  to 
my  own  deposition,  which  already  stated  that  I  had  read  the 
answers  of  Mr.  Crawford,  that  it  was  with  the  exception  of  this 
last  one,  or  to  make  any  remarks  upon  it.  In  truth,  the  remarks 
that  I  should  make  upon  it  are  better  suppressed,  if,  as  I  believe, 
they  are  not  absolutely  necessary  to  confirm  my  own  testimony. 
I  have  proved  it  impossible  that  I  should  have  made  the  request 
at  the  time  when  he  says  the  President  told  him  I  had ;  and  I 
have  shown  to  demonstration  the  truth  of  the  assertion  in  my 
former  deposition,  which  Harris  has  been  attempting  to  dis 
prove.  But  the  most  remarkable  fact  elicited  by  this  last  inter 
rogatory  is  the  admission  by  Crawford  that  he  told  Harris, 
immediately  after  they  occurred,  things  said  by  me  in  confi 
dential  consultations  of  the  Executive  Administration.  And 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  385 

on  one  occasion  when  this  was  on  my  part  only  a  consultation 
between  me  and  the  President,  to  which  he  was  knowing  only 
by  accidentally  coming  in  while  I  was  consulting  the  President, 
and  being  asked  by  the  President,  as  an  Executive  officer,  his 
opinion  upon  it.  That  he  should  immediately  go  and  tell  this 
to  Harris  is  an  unequivocal  trait  of  character.  That  in  these 
private  communications  to  Harris  he  should  have  misrepre 
sented  the  facts  owing  to  misconceptions  of  his  own,  is  not  at 
all  surprising.  Moral  principle  and  sound  understanding  are 
generally  very  close*ly  allied.  He  certainly  did  misrepresent 
the  facts  to  Harris,  and  thereby  has  reduced  himself  to  the 
necessity  of  making  this  acknowledgment,  which  it  is  evident 
he  did  very  reluctantly.  In  his  first  answers  he  only  stated 
that  he  had  told  Harris  what  I  had  said  in  March,  1818,  and 
assigned  as  his  motive  that  it  was  to  convince  Harris  that  I 
was  not  his  enemy.  He  then  waived  answering  the  question 
about  his  memory,  and  said  nothing  of  his  having  divulged  to 
Harris  what  I  had  said  at  the  consultation  with  the  President 
in  January,  1820.  This  he  brings  out  after  having  read  Cal- 
houn's  answers  and  mine,  which  discredit  every  material  part 
of  his  testimony.  For  Calhoun's  answers  are  as  contradictory  to 
Crawford's,  upon  the  facts  which  passed  between  them,  as  mine 
are  to  that  part  which  concerns  me.  Crawford's  deposition  is 
throughout  marked  by  a  prevaricating  spirit  of  embarrassment, 
bred  by  his  confidences  to  Harris  under  his  own  misconcep 
tions.  Calhoun  had  already  spoken  to  me  of  this  interrogatory 
about  the  memory,  and  said  he  was  confident  it  had  been  sug 
gested  to  Harris  by  Crawford's  telling  him  of  a  conversation 
between  Calhoun  and  himself.  Immediately  after  Harris  com 
menced  this  action  against  Lewis,  he  went  to  Calhoun,  to 
enquire  of  him  what  he  would  testify  as  to  the  examination  by 
Crawford  and  Calhoun,  in  March,  1818.  Calhoun,  expecting 
to  be  called  to  testify,  declined  having  any  private  conversation 
with  Harris  on  the  subject.  Last  summer,  when  Harris  came 
here  with  the  avowed  purpose  of  falsifying  my  testimony,  he 
applied  again  to  Calhoun  to  sound  him,  and  found,  that  his 
recollections  did  not  agree  with  those  of  Mr.  Crawford.  Craw 
ford  about  the  same  time  called  on  Calhoun,  and  they  had 
VOL.  v. — 25 


386  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QU1NCY  ADAMS.        [November, 

some  discussion  as  to  the  substance  of  the  report  they  had 
made  to  the  President  in  Harris's  case.  In  this  discussion 
Calhoun  said  to  Crawford,  "  Your  memory  may  be  better  than 
mine  as  to  the  details,  but  I  am  entirely  confident  of  my  own 
as  to  the  results  and  general  impressions."  Now  Calhoun 
concludes  that  Crawford  must  have  told  Harris  this  conversa 
tion,  and  even  his  remark  about  their  respective  memories  ;  as 
I  have  no  doubt  he  did. 

Mr.  Canning  called  at  the  office  with  a  letter  from  the  British 
Commissioner  under  the  fifth  article  of  the  Treaty  of  Ghent. 
He  said  the  Commissioners  had  not  been  able  to  agree  upon 
their  decision,  which  he  was  very  sorry  to  learn.  But  the  ob 
ject  of  this  letter  was  to  apply  for  seventy-two  sheets  of  mapping 
paper,  wanted  by  the  engineer  of  the  British  party  to  make  two 
maps  of  the  country  surveyed ;  to  accompany  the  report  of  the 
British  Commissioner  to  the  two  Governments.  There  must 
be  one  map  for  each.  The  paper  is  made  only  in  France,  and 
there  is  none  to  be  procured  in  this  country  except  what  is  in 
the  possession  of  the  War  Department. 

I  told  Mr.  Canning  that  I  would  make  enquiry  of  the  Secre 
tary  of  War,  and  had  no  doubt  the  paper  would  be  furnished  if 
we  had  it.  I  regretted  with  him  the  disagreement  of  the  Com 
missioners,  and  said  I  hoped  we  should  find  some  easier  and 
more  expeditious  way  of  settling  the  boundary  than  by  a  refer 
ence  to  a  third  power,  though  that  was  the  mode  stipulated 
by  the  treaty.  We  have  already  found  some  inconvenience 
in  the  reference  to  a  third  party  of  another  question — a  per 
fectly  simple  one,  being  only  of  the  construction  of  a  single 
sentence;  but  this,  a  question  of  disputed  boundary,  upon 
which  the  Commissioners,  after  five  years  of  investigation, 
surveys,  and  arguments,  had  not  been  able  to  agree,  a  foreign 
sovereign,  I  thought,  would  never  be  able  to  comprehend,  much 
less  satisfactorily  to  decide. 

Mr.  Canning  spoke  also  of  his  application  for  delivery  of  the 
Newfoundland  pirates.  I  said  I  had  the  more  readily  delayed 
answering  him  from  the  hint  I  had  given  him  from  the  begin 
ning,  that  we  could  not  comply  with  the  request.  He  again 
referred  to  the  opinions  of  writers  on  the  laws  of  nations,  that 


iSsi.]  THE    DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  387 

atrocious  criminals  ought  to  be  given  up.  I  said  the  practice 
was  different  by  different  nations;  sonic  did  and  some  did  not 
deliver  up.  With  us,  it  was  a  question  of  authority.  The 
President  had  not  the  power  to  deliver  a  man  up.  Canning 
mentioned  that  he  had  read  with  much  satisfaction  the  argu 
ment  of  Chief-Justice  Marshall  when  he  was  a  member  of  the 
House  of  Representatives,  in  the  case  of  Nash  or  Robbins. 

6th.  I  asked  Calhoun  if  Caldwell  and  Law  had  closed  the 
commission  last  evening.  He  said  they  had;  that  he  had  read 
part  of  my  answers,  and  saw  the  benefit  of  keeping  a  diary. 
He  again  adverted  to  the  interrogatory  about  the  memory,  and 
said  he  thought  it  very  strange  that  Mr.  Crawford,  whom  he 
had  told  that  he  had  expressly  declined  holding  any  conversa 
tion  with  Harris  about  that  to  which  he  was  to  testify,  should, 
by  telling  Harris  of  what  Calhoun  had  said  to  himself  in  pri 
vate  conversation,  make  Calhoun  thus  to  converse  with  Harris 
indirectly.  He  agreed  with  me  in  thinking  that  Crawford's 
conduct  now  is  forced  upon  him  by  his  having  committed 
himself  with  Harris,  by  telling  him  according  to  his  own 

J  o  o 

misconceptions  what  had  passed  in  the  President's  Cabinet 
before. 

He  said  that  he  had  been  himself  obliged  to  have  an  ex 
planation  with  Crawford  upon  another  affair.  A  question  had 
arisen  upon  whose  recommendation  General  Flournoy  had 
been  appointed  a  Commissioner  to  treat  with  the  Creek  Indians. 
Crawford  had  written  to  some  one  in  Georgia  that  it  was  upon 
Calhoun's  recommendation,  when  in  fact  it  had  been  upon  his 
own.  Crawford  had  finally  written  a  letter  making  some  ex 
planatory  comment  upon  it — but  so  was  the  fact. 

I  called  then  at  Mr.  VVirt's  office,  and  had  a  conversation 
with  him  on  the  case  of  la  Jeune  Eugenie.  I  found  him 
still  strongly  averse  to  giving  up  the  vessel.  He  said  it  did  not 
appear  to  him  to  involve  at  all  the  right  of  search.  It  was  a 
question  of  fact  whether  the  vessel  was  French  or  American, 
and  whether  the  mere  hoisting  of  a  foreign  flag  or  show  of 
foreign  papers  precluded  all  enquiry.  If  it  did,  the  Act  of 
Congress  was  of  no  avail,  and  all  legislation  against  the  slave- 
trade  would  be  vanity.  In  this  case  the  vessel  was  American 


388  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.        [November, 

built,  and  had  been  American  property.  She  had  an  act  of 
Francization,  or  French  Custom  House  paper,  issued  at  Guada- 
loupe  in  1819.  But  these  papers  were  merely  formal,  issued 
of  course  on  payment  of  a  small  sum  of  money.  They  were 
no  indications  of  property.  Now,  the  property  having  been 
originally  American,  why  should  not  the  French  claimant  be 
required  to  produce  the  usual  evidence  of  transfer,  a  bill  of 
sale  ?  It  was  notorious  that  the  slave-trade  was  now  carried  on 
by  many  of  our  citizens  under  cover  of  Spanish  and  French 
names  and  papers,  and  if  we  should  so  readily  give  up  this 
vessel,  would  it  not  have  to  the  world  the  appearance  of  our 
conniving  with  France  in  these  impostures? 

I  told  Mr.  Wirt  that  it  seemed  to  me  that  this  question  was, 
whether  in  time  of  peace  the  commander  of  a  public  vessel  of 
one  nation  has  a  right  to  board  the  merchant  vessels  of  another. 
The  decision  of  Sir  William  Scott  in  the  case  of  le  Louis  re 
solves  itself -into  the  denial  of  that  right.  I  thought  the  right 
could  not  be  maintained.  By  the  law  of  nature  no  vessel  has 
a  right  to  board  another  at  sea  without  its  consent.  Our  pub 
lic  vessels  have  no  right  to  board  our  own  merchant  vessels, 
except  as  expressly  authorized  by  Acts  of  Congress.  But  Con 
gress  cannot  authorize  them  to  board  foreign  vessels,  even  to 
ascertain  whether  they  are  American  or  not ;  because  the  act 
in  general  cases  cannot  be  performed  without  inconvenience  to 
the  party  boarded.  The  right  of  one  vessel  to  board  another 
in  time  of  war  arises  from  the  state  of  war ;  it  is  established  by 
the  usage  of  nations,  and  is  restricted  to  particular  purposes. 
In  time  of  peace  there  is  no  such  usage ;  if  there  is,  it  must 
be  found  in  the  books  of  the  law  of  nations.  I  know  of  none 
such.  With  regard  to  the  slave-trade  there  can  be  none  such, 
because  all  the  Acts  prohibiting  it,  as  well  our  own  as  those  of 
other  nations,  are  new. 

Mr.  Wirt  said  he  thought  it  would  be  a  very  dangerous  prin 
ciple  to  assume  that  the  mere  exhibition  of  a  flag  should  shield 
a  vessel  from  all  examination.  He  said  he  would  write  to 
Baltimore  for  the  volume  of  Dodson's  Reports  containing 
the  decision  of  Sir  William  Scott  in  the  case  of  le  Louis,  and 
I  promised  to  lend  him  the  third  volume  of  Barnewall  and 


I82I.1  THE    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


389 


Alderson's  Reports  containing  a  late  decision  in  the  Court  of 
King's  Bench  on  a  slave-trade  case. 

7th.  Called  at  Mr.  Wirt's  office  with  the  third  volume  of 
Barncwall  and  Alderson's  Reports.  We  had  further  conver 
sation  upon  the  case  of  la  Jeune  Eugenie.  Mr.  Wirt  said  he 
had  prepared  his  opinion  that  if  the  President  had  concluded 
to  deliver  up  the  vessel,  the  precedent  in  the  case  of  the 
schooner  Exchange  ought  to  be  followed;  but  he  was  afraid 
it  might  produce  some  collision  between  the  Executive  and 
the  Judiciary,  and  the  more  he  reflected  upon  it  the  more  he 
doubted  the  propriety  of  the  delivery. 

We  then  went  over  the  whole  course  of  argument  of  yes 
terday  again,  but,  I  think,  without  adducing  anything  new  on 
either  side.  I  told  Mr.  Wirt  that  as  he  entertained  so  earnestly 
these  opinions,  and  as  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy  had  strongly 
inclined  the  same  way  at  the  last  Cabinet  meeting,  and  as  I 
was  myself  not  without  doubts,  I  should  advise  the  President 
to  hold  another  general  consultation  before  coming  to  his  final 
determination.  I  called,  accordingly,  at  the  President's,  and 
gave  him  that  advice,  to  which  he  immediately  assented.  He 
appointed  to-morrow  at  noon  for  the  meeting. 

8th.  There  was  a  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's  at  noon, 
when  the  case  of  la  Jeune  Eugenie  was  again  reconsidered. 
Mr.  Wirt  repeated  his  objections  to  the  delivery  of  the  vessel, 
and  I  again  stated  my  opinion  that  the  flag  must  be  considered 
as  the  protection  of  the  vessel  from  being  even  boarded  in  time 
of  peace.  Mr.  Thompson  warmly  contested  this,  and  asked 
how  pirates  could  ever  be  taken  with  such  a  principle.  It  was 
admitted  that  pirates,  and  even  vessels  suspected  of  piracy, 
might  be  boarded,  whatever  flag  they  assumed,  and  by  the 
public  armed  vessels  of  every  nation;  but  it  was  by  a  bel 
ligerent  right — pirates  being  at  war  with  all  mankind.  It  was 
also  customary  for  nations  to  authorize  the  boarding  of  vessels 
hovering  upon  their  coasts  though  at  some  distance  beyond 
their  territorial  jurisdiction.  Great  Britain  authorizes  this 
boarding  at  two  leagues'  distance  from  the  shore,  and  our  Col 
lection  Law  gives  the  same  authority  to  our  revenue  cutters  at 
four  leagues'  distance  from  our  shore.  Thus  against  piracy,  and- 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.       [November, 

for  the  execution  of  revenue  laws  and  the  suppression  of  smug 
gling,  a  limited  right  of  boarding  is  authorized  by  the  usage 
of  nations.  In  these  cases  the  flag  is  no  protection,  because 
the  right  is  exercised  avowedly  over  the  vessels  of  all  nations. 
But  there  is  neither  right  nor  usage  to  board  the  vessel  of  a 
foreign  nation  to  enquire  whether  she  is  engaged  in  the  slave- 
trade,  or  even  whether  her  flag  has  been  assumed  or  not.  The 
utmost  that  can  be  said,  therefore,  is,  that  if  the  commander  of 
one  of  our  public  armed  vessels  boards  a  vessel  under  a  foreign 
flag,  it  is  at  his  own  and  his  nation's  peril.  If  she  prove  to  be 
American,  he  may  seize  and  bring  her  in  with  impunity.  But 
should  she  prove  to  be  really  foreign,  he  is  not  only  responsi 
ble  for  all  damages  to  the  party  boarded,  but  his  Government 
is  bound  to  make  reparation  to  the  Government  of  the  other  for 
the  injury  to  its  flag.  The  very  expressions  in  common  use 
appear  to  indicate  the  general  impression  of  mankind,  that  the 
protection  of  a  vessel  against  molestation  from  others  is  her  flag. 
And  I  cannot  understand  the  decision  of  Sir  William  Scott  in 
the  case  of  le  Louis  in  any  other  light  than  as  denying  the 
right  of  boarding.  As  to  the  authority  to  deliver  up,  it  must  in 
this  case  be  consequent  upon  the  decision  of  the  Court,  conse 
quent  upon  the  suggestion  to  be  made  by  the  District  Attorney. 

Mr.  Thompson  and  Mr.  Wirt  questioned  whether  the  French 
Minister  sufficiently  asserted  the  vessel  to  be  French,  and 
thought  it  quite  probable  that  if  tried  in  France  the  defence 
for  her  would  be  that  she  was  an  American  vessel.  Mr.  Wirt 
said  that  admitting  there  was  no  usage  of  nations  to  authorize 
boarding  for  suppression  of  the  slave-trade,  there  was  such 
an  usage  for  other  purposes,  and  that  usage  must  at  some  time 
have  commenced;  it  was  then  founded  in  reason.  The  prohibi 
tions  of  the  slave-trade  are  all  recent.  The  right  of  boarding 
vessels  to  carry  them  into  effect  cannot,  therefore,  be  ancient; 
but  the  reason  upon  which  the  old  usage  first  arose,  and  upon 
which  alone  it  must  have  rested  when  it  was  new,  applies 
equally  to  the  laws  against  the  slave-trade  now.  It.  was  merely 
a  new  application  of  an  old  principle. 

But  I  insisted  that,  even  if  the  reason  were  the  same,  a  new 
application  of  it  so  seriously  affecting  the  right,  convenience, 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  09 1 

4 

and  even  safety  of  navigators  could  not  be  made  but  by 
common  consent. 

Mr.  Crawford  and  Mr.  Calhoun  continued  decidedly  of 
opinion  that  the  vessel  ought  to  be  given  up.  But  Crawford 
observed  that  the  papers  decisively  proved  the  insincerity  of 
France  in  her  pretended  abolition  of  the  slave-trade  ;  for  here 
it  appears  that  these  vessels  had  undergone  the  examination  of 
the  French  cruisers  stationed  upon  the  coast,  and  passed  in 
spection  by  them  as  engaged  in  lawful  trade,  while  it  further 
appears  that  one  of  the  same  vessels,  after  being  re-captured, 
returned  to  the  coast,  took  in  a  cargo  of  slaves,  carried  and 
landed  them  in  the  face  of  day  at  Guadaloupe. 

The  President  had  inclined  to  the  opinion  that  the  vessel 
might  be  delivered  up  by  Executive  authority  alone,  and  men 
tioned  the  case  of  a  number  of  captured  vessels  which  were  so 
delivered  up  at  his  application  by  the  British  Government  in 
1806,  Lord  Mulgrave  being  the  Secretary  of  State  for  Foreign 
Affairs.  It  was,  however,  concluded  that  the  District  Attorney 
at  Boston  should  be  instructed  to  make  the  suggestion  to  the 
Court,  and  they  would  then  decide  as  they  should  see  fit.  The 
answer  to  the  French  Minister  would  be  regulated  by  their 
decision. 

At  this  meeting  it  \vas  also  concluded  that  the  note  from 
Mr.  Gallatin  to  Baron  Pasquier  of  28th  June  last,  on  the  case 
of  the  Apollon,  should  not  be  sent  to  the  District  Attorney  in 
Georgia,  to  be  used  in  the  defence  of  the  Collector  of  St.  Mary's 
against  the  action  of  Captain  Edou.  Mr.  Crawford  first  thought 
it  might  be  sent,  as  enforcing  the  view  heretofore  taken  by  him, 
that  there  was  no  Spanish  jurisdiction  upon  the  spot  where  the 
Apollon  was  seized.  But  Gallatin's  assertion  is,  that  we  had 
virtually  taken  possession  of  the  spot  in  taking  possession  of 
Amelia  Island.  Now,  this  is  directly  contradicted  by  evidence 
which  we  ourselves  shall  be  obliged  to  introduce — which  I 
explained  to  Mr.  Crawford  ;  and  he  then  said  it  would  be  best 
not  to  send  a  copy  of  Gallatin's  note.  He  said  also  that  this 
affair  had  brought  up  another  claim  for  indemnity  to  the  con 
cerned  in  a  British  vessel  which,  under  the  Treasury  Order  of 
May,  1818,  had  been  compelled  to  depart. 


392  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.       [November, 

The  most  extraordinary  part  of  Gallatin's  conduct  is,  that 
after  a  long  argument  to  the  French  Government  upon  grounds 
entirely  new  and  different  from  those  we  had  taken  here,  he 
gives  us  distinctly  to  understand  that  he  considers  all  these 
grounds,  ours  and  his  own,  as  not  worth  a  straw.  I  asked  Cal- 
houn  to-day  what  he  thought  it  could  mean.  He  said  perhaps 
it  was  the  pride  of  opinion.  I  think  it  lies  deeper.  Gallatin  is 
a  man  of  first-rate  talents,  conscious  and  vain  of  them,  and  mor 
tified  in  his  ambition,  checked,  as  it  has  been,  after  attaining  the 
last  step  to  the  summit;  timid  in  great  perils,  tortuous  in  his 
paths,  born  in  Europe,  disguising  and  yet  betraying  a  super 
cilious  prejudice  of  European  superiority  of  intellect,  and  hold 
ing  principles  pliable  to  circumstances,  occasionally  mistaking 
the  left-  for  the  right-handed  wisdom. 

There  was  something  said  at  the  President's  also  of  a  ques 
tion  about  the  jurisdiction  of  Carleton  Island,  in  the  river  St. 
Lawrence.  Mr.  Thompson,  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  had 
received  a  letter  upon  the  subject,  which  was  given  to  me. 
There  was  already  a  letter  concerning  it,  with  enclosures  from 
the  Governor  of  New  York,  to  be  answered. 

9th.  I  made  a  draft  of  a  letter  to  the  District  Attorney  at 
Boston,  G.  Blake,  and  took  it  to  the  President.  Another  ques 
tion  arose,  upon  which  I  took  the  papers  to  him.  A  soldier 
(marine)  has  been  sentenced  by  a  Court-martial  to  be  shot  for 
mutiny.  The  President  confirms  the  sentence,  but  wishes  to 
grant  a  conditional  pardon,  commuting  the  punishment.  There 
is  an  opinion  of  the  Attorney-General  that  the  President  has 
authority  to  grant  conditional  pardons,  provided  the  condition 
be  congenial  to  the  spirit  of  our  Constitution  and  laws  and 
recommends  that  the  condition  be  a  disgraceful  expulsion  from 
the  service,  and  a  disqualification  for  life  to  enter  it  again. 
Mr.  Colvin,  to  whom  the  papers  were  given  to  make  out  the 
pardon,  brought  them  back  to  me,  suggesting  a  doubt  whether 
a  condition  could  be  prescribed  not  in  the  power  of  the  party 
himself  to  perform,  but  depending  on  the  performance  of  others, 
and  also,  whether  the  disqualification  can  be  carried  into  effect; 
for  the  officers  of  the  United  States  might  hereafter  enlist  him 
without  knowing  of  his  disqualification,  and  if  he  should  enlist, 


iS2i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE. 

the  Government  could  no  longer  cany  into  effect  the  sentence 
for  his  execution. 

I  did  not  see  the  indispensable  necessity  that  the  condition 
of  a  pardon  should  be  performable  only  by  the  person  par- 
cloned  himself,  if  it  could  be  carried  into  effect  by  order  of  the 
Government  prescribing  it;  nor  that  the  culprit  would  not  be 
liable  to  execution  if  he  should  violate  it  himself  by  afterwards 
enlisting.  But  I  thought  the  commutation  was  too  great  a 
mitigation,  and  substantially  equivalent  to  an  absolute  pardon. 
After  a  sentence  of  death,  no  mere  expulsion  could  well  be 
ignominious,  and  disqualification  would  scarcely  be  a  penalty. 
I  therefore  proposed  to  the  President  that  the  condition  should 
be  the  man's  departure  from  the  United  States  and  never  re 
turning;  of  which  there  has  already  been  one  precedent  in  the 
first  term  of  this  Administration. 

The  President  assented,  and  desired  me  to  write  to  the  Secre 
tary  of  the  Navy  requesting  him  to  instruct  the  commander  of 
any  of  the  public  armed  vessels  going  abroad  to  take  the  man 
and  land  him  at  some  convenient  foreign  port. 

loth.  Mr.  William  Shaler,  Consul-General  to  the  Barbary 
Powers,  came  this  morning  to  the  office.  He  has  a  leave  of 
absence  from  his  station  for  one  year  from  last  April,  which  he 
wished  to  have  prolonged  a  month  or  two  more.  He  spoke  of 
the  settlement  of  his  accounts,  and  mentioned  two  or  three 
charges  in  them  of  a  contingent  nature  and  of  which  he  should 
claim  allowance.  I  desired  him  to  make  a  written  statement  of 
them  in  the  form  of  a  letter  to  me,  and  promised  to  lay  them 
before  the  President  for  his  consideration.  It  was  discovered 
by  Shaler's  being  here  that  there  is  a  treaty  with  Algiers  which 
has  been  here  nearly  five  years,  and  which  has  not  yet  been 
laid  before  the  Senate.  It  was  made  by  him  and  Commodore 
Chauncey  in  1816,  and  was  received  here  in  the  interval  be 
tween  Mr.  Monroe's  removal  from  the  Department  of  State  and 
my  entrance  into  it.  I  never  had  been  informed  that  there 
was  such  a  treaty  here.  It  is,  with  the  exception  of  a  single 
article,  the  same  as  that  which  had  been  previously  concluded 
by  Shaler  and  Decatur,  and  which  remains  upon  the  law-books 
as  the  existing  treaty. 


MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.       [November, 

1 3th.  Mr.  Stevenson,  a  member  of  the  Legislature  of  Penn 
sylvania,  came,  and  brought  me  a  letter  from  Charles  Shaler, 
a  person  unknown  to  me,  urging  intently  the  Statesman  news 
paper  for  re-appointment  to  print  the  laws  of  Congress. 

I  told  Mr.  Stevenson  that  by  a  standing  rule  of  the  Depart 
ment  the  paper  would  be  re-appointed  of  course,  unless  some 
representation  to  the  contrary  should  be  made  by  the  delega 
tion  from  the  State.  He  said  that  possibly  Mr.  Baldwin,  the 
Representative  from  the  district  of  Pittsburg,  where  the  States 
man  is  published,  might  recommend  some  other  paper,  but 
the  majority  of  the  delegation  would  not,  and  the  democratic 
party  in  that  part  of  Pennsylvania  would  be  totally,  averse 
to  a  change.  Mr.  Baldwin,  he  said,  had  pursued  a  course  of 
conduct  of  late  not  altogether  satisfactory  to  that  party,  espe 
cially  with  regard  to  their  State  politics.  I  told  him  that  Mr. 
Baldwin  had  never  expressed  a  wish  for  the  appointment  of  any 
particular  paper  to  print  the  laws,  and  I  had  no  reason  to  ex 
pect  that  he  w^ould  at  the  ensuing  session  of  Congress;  but  if 
he  should,  I  would  not  make  any  change  without  giving  notice, 
so  that  the  members  of  the  Legislature  from  Pennsylvania  may 
have  the  opportunity  of  signifying  their  wishes  on  the  subject. 

I  asked  the  President  what  answer  should  be  given  to  Gov 
ernor  Clinton's  letter  about  Carleton  Island.  It  had  been  in 
possession  of  the  British  till  the  late  war,  was  taken  in  1812, 
and  has  not  been  restored  since  the  peace.  In  1817  the 
Legislature  of  New  York  made  it  part  of  the  county  of  Jef 
ferson,  in  that  State.  Last  March  they  granted  five  hundred 
acres  of  land  upon  it  to  Charles  Smyth  ;  and  in  August  the 
Collector  of  Kingston,  Upper  Canada,  sent  and  seized  and 
carried  away  a  quantity  of  tobacco  consigned  to  and  in  the 
possession  of  Smyth.  He  appeals  immediately  for  protection 
to  the  Governor  of  New  York,  and  complains  that  if  not  sup 
ported  he  must  break  up  his  establishment  and  abandon  the 
island.  The  Governor  then  writes  me  that  as  the  island  is 
within  the  actual  jurisdiction  of  the  State  of  New  York,  he 
should  direct  that  any  future  molestation  of  the  same  kind 
should  be  met  by  resistance,  but  he  thinks  proper  first  to 
consult  the  opinion  of  the  President  of  the  United  States. 


iS2i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^Q^ 

I  told  the  ^President  there  was  in  this  case  a  dilemma.  If  he 
should  concur  in  opinion  with  the  Governor  of  New  York,  it 
would  authorize  immediate  hostilities  with  the  British  Govern 
ment  in  Canada  ;  but  if  he  should  discountenance  that,  and 
advise  forbearance,  the  establishment  on  the  island  would  be 
broken  up  and  some  of  the  inhabitants  probably  ruined. 

The  President  desired  me  to  send  the  papers  round  to  the 
members  of  the  Administration,  and  to  call  a  Cabinet  meeting 
for  the  clay  after  to-morrow,  at  noon. 

I  left  with  the  President  the  Spanish  Minister  Anduaga's 
letter  complaining  of  the  piratical  vessel  fitting  out  at  Balti 
more.  .  He  said  that  measures  had  already  been  taken,  but  he 
would  consult  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  and  endeavor  to  take 
yet  others.  He  added  that  he  thought  the  Spanish  Minister 
assumed  in  his  note  a  very  high  tone;  as  he  certainly  does. 

I  told  him  I  was  afraid  Don  Joaqtiin  would  verify  the  char 
acter  given  of  him  by  T.  L.  L.  Brent,  and  give  us  much  trouble; 
but,  from  the  present  condition  of  Spain,  I  hoped  we  should  have 
nothing  worse  than  a  war  of  words. 

The  President  also  directed  me  to  send  round  to  the  mem 
bers  of  the  Administration  a  very  interesting  dispatch  just 
received  from  R.  Rush,  containing  a  statement  of  the  com 
mercial  views  likely  to  prevail  in  the  British  Government. 

1 5th.  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's.  All  present  except 
Mr.  Crawford,  who  was  unwell.  He  had  all  the  papers  relating 
to  the  Carleton  Island  question,  but  did  not  receive  those  sent 
yesterday  from  the  Department  of  State  till  two  o'clock  this 
day.  There  were  other  papers  which  I  had  not  seen — a  letter 
from  the  Collector  at  ,  Esselstyn,  to  the  Secretary 

of  the  Treasury,  written  in  May  last,  the  answer  in  July,  and 
Esselstyn's  reply  in  August,  after  the  seizure  of  the  tobacco 
by  the  Collector  of  Kingston,  Upper  Canada.  From  all  these 
papers  it  appears  that  Carleton  Island  is  within  a  mile  of  the 
American  shore,  at  a  place  where  the  river  St.  Lawrence  is 
twelve  miles  wide;  that  it  was  held  by  the  British  during  the 
Revolutionary  War  as  an  appendage  to  Canada — partly  evacu 
ated  in  1784,  again  in  1789,  but  a  corporal's  guard  was  kept  upon 
it  until  the  late  war,  when,  in  1812,  they  were  made  prisoners, 


396  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [November, 

and,  in  1813,  the  buildings  were  destroyed,  by  people  from 
our  side.  After  the  peace,  possession  was  not  resumed  by 
the  British.  In  1817  the  Legislature  of  New  York  annexed  it 
to  the  county  of  Jefferson,  and  last  March  granted  five  hun 
dred  acres  of  land  upon  it  to  this  Charles  Smyth,  who  has  also 
obtained  an  appointment  as  Postmaster  from  the  Postmaster- 
General  of  the  United  States.  But  from  the  letters  of  the  Col 
lector  Esselstyn,  as  well  as  from  various  other  indications,  it 
is  apparent  that  the  place  and  the  unsettled  state  of  its  juris 
diction  afford  great  conveniences  for  smuggling  between  the 
borders  of  New  York  and  Canada,  and  there  are  some  reasons 
for  surmising  that  this  was  the  object  of  Mr.  Charles  Smyth's 
establishment. 

The  question  was,  what  answer  should  be  given  to  Governor 
Clinton's  letter,  proposing  to  maintain  the  jurisdiction  by  force. 

Mr.  Calhoun  and  Mr.  Wirt  inclined  to  the  opinion  that  we 
should  explicitly  disclaim  the  jurisdiction  until  the  report  of 
the  Commissioners  under  the  sixth  and  seventh  articles  of  the 
Treaty  of  Ghent  shall  be  made;  it  being  apparent  that  the  pos 
session  was  in  the  British  till  the  late  war,  and  there  being  an 
express  stipulation  that  the  places  taken  during  the  war  should 
be  mutually  restored. 

Mr.  Wirt,  however,  hinted  a  doubt  whether  the  British  pos 
session  itself  had  been  effectively  maintained,  referring  to  the 
partial  evacuations  of  1784  and  1789.  But  it  seems  to  me  that 
a  corporal's  guard  was  as  effective  to  maintain  an  uncontested 
possession  as  the  army  of  Xerxes ;  and  that  the  possession 
was  uncontested  until  the  war  of  1812  is  apparent  from  all 
the  papers. 

Mr.  Thompson,  a  citizen  of  New  York,  in  the  interest  adverse 
to  Governor  Clinton,  thought  we  should  maintain  the  jurisdic 
tion  and  consider  the  seizure  by  the  Collector  of  Kingston  as 
an  act  unauthorized  by  the  Canadian  Government ;  although  at 
the  time  of  the  seizure  the  officer  himself  who  made  it  had  de 
clared  that  it  was  made  by  the  express  orders  of  the  Governor. 
Thompson  thought  that  if  we  should  decline  maintaining 
the  jurisdiction,  Clinton  would  undertake  it  himself — would 
authorize  force  to  be  used,  and  then  make  it  a  subject  of 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

reproach  and  clamor  against  the  General  Government  that 
they  had  abandoned  the  right  of  the  State  of  New  York.  I 
thought  this  opinion  a  little  tinged  with  party  prejudice.  The 
President  thought  I  should  write  to  Mr.  Canning  a  statement 
of  the  facts,  complain  of  the  seizure  by  the  Collector  of  Kings 
ton,  thereby  disturbing  the  actual  state  of  things  while  the 
question  of  the  jurisdiction  was  "sub  judice"  before  the  Com 
missioners,  and  request  his  interposition  with  the  Canadian 
Government  to  prevent  any  further  molestation  by  them  of 
the  people  on  the  island  until  the  decision  of  the  Commis 
sioners,  which  it  is  not  doubted  will  assign  the  jurisdiction  to 
the  United  States.  And  then  that  Governor  Clinton  should 
be  answered  by  referring  to  the  fact  that  the  State  of  New 
York  has  not  yet  an  established  right  of  possession,  wherefore 
the  President  cannot  authorize  or  countenance  the  proposal  of 
maintaining  it  by  force.  After  about  two  hours  of  discussion, 
without  coming  to  any  positive  conclusion,  the  meeting  broke 
up,  and  the  President  kept  the  papers,  saying  he  would  further 
examine  them,  and  then  give  me  directions  with  regard  to  the 
answer  to  be  made  to  Governor  Clinton's  letter. 

There  were  also  the  papers  in  the  case  of  Joseph  F.  Smith,  a 
slave-trading  captain  of  one  of  the  Baltimore  vessels,  covered  by 
Spanish  papers ;  convicted  before  the  Circuit  Court  in  -Boston, 
and  sentenced  to  three  years'  imprisonment.  Last  winter  he 
procured  petitions  from  many  respectable  persons  in  Baltimore 
for  his  pardon,  upon  a  pretence  trumped  up  that  there  were 
two  witnesses  whose  testimony  he  failed  of  obtaining  at  the 
trial,  and  that  it  would  probably  have  obtained  a  verdict  in  his 
favor.  The  petitions  were  referred  to  the  Attorney- General, 
who  recommended  that  the  District  Attorney  at  Boston  should 
be  written  to,  and  enquiry  made  what  would  probably  have 
been  the  effect  of  the  testimony  of  the  two  additional  witnesses. 
Blake  answered  that  the  fact  which  it  was  pretended  their 
testimony  would  controvert  was  established  by  proof  so  clear 
and  unequivocal  that  the  testimony  of  many  witnesses  to  the 
contrary  would  probably  not  have  shaken  it  in  the  minds  of  the 
jury;  and  a  particular  statement  of  the  case  as  proved  at  the 
trial,  drawn  up  by  Judge  Davis,  confirmed  the  representation 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.        [November, 

of  Blake.  The  President,  to  whom  these  papers  were  sent  last 
summer,  returned  them  with  the  endorsement  that  he  con 
sidered  any  interference  on  his  part  improper.  Since  then 
Smith  has  got  up  another  petition  for  pardon,  and  more  re 
spectable  certificates  from  Baltimore,  among  which  one  from 
General  Samuel  Smith  ;  and  the  President  has  been  again  beset 
with  affidavits  and  entreaties.  Without  recollecting  that  it  was 
the  same  case  upon  which  he  had  already  decided,  he  referred 
these  papers  again  to  the  Attorney-General,  who,  referring  to 
his  former  opinion  in  the  case,  again  recommended  enquiry  of 
the  District  Attorney  at  Boston.  This  the  President  accord 
ingly  directed;  but  I  this  day  brought  all  the  former  papers, 
with  the  report  from  Blake  and  Judge  Davis,  and  the  Presi 
dent's  endorsed  decision  against  interfering,  which  he  of  course 
now  confirmed.  Wirt  remarked  upon  it  that  from  these  in 
sidious  attempts  to  worm  out  pardons  from  the  Executive,  he 
doubted  whether  the  President  ought  ever  to  issue  a  pardon 
from  ex  parte  representations. 

I  delivered  to  Mr.  Wirt  the  papers  from  Mr.  Canning  relating 
to  the  Newfoundland  fishing-vessel  piracy,  for  his  opinion  upon 
three  points — I.  Whether  we  can  deliver  up  the  British  subject 
charged  with  British  statute  piracy.  2.  Whether  we  can  try 
our  own  citizens  charged  as  accessories  to  the  same  crime.  3. 
Whether  we  can  restore  to  the  owners  the  vessel  which  is  under 
seizure  for  a  breach  of  our  revenue  laws.  On  the  first  point, 
Mr.  Canning  alleges  an  obligation  by  the  laws  of  nations  to 
deliver  up  atrocious  criminals. 

While  on  the  enquiry  this  day  for  the  papers  in  the  Carlcton 
Island  case,  I  returned  twice  to  the  President's  from  my  office; 
and  the  second  time  met  there  the  French  Minister,  Baron  de 
Neuville.  I  read  to  him  my  letter  to  the  District  Attorney  at 
Boston  upon  the  case  of  the  Jeune  Eugenie,  with  which  he 
appeared  to  be  entirely  satisfied.  He  said,  if  the  vessel  was 
engaged  in  the  slave-trade,  nothing  was  farther  from  his  dis 
position  than  to  screen  the  concerned  from  punishment ;  for 
France  was  perfectly  agreed  with  the  United  States  both  in 
the  principle  of  suppressing  the  slave-trade  and  in  that  of 
refusing  to  agree  to  the  right  of  search  in  time  of  peace.  He 


iS2i.J  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  399 

said  lie  saw  the  difficulty  of  accomplishing  the  suppression  of 
the  traffic  without  admitting  this  right  of  search,  but  he  had 
proposed  to  his  Government  an  expedient  as  a  substitute  for  it 
— which  was,  that  the  cruisers  of  each  nation  should  have  on 
board  one  Commissary  from  each  nation,  and  that  then  the 
search  should  be  allowed  and  made  in  every  case  only  by  the 
Commissary  of  the  nation  under  whose  flag  the  vessel  to  be 
searched  should  be  met.  He  also  asked  me  when  I  should 
be  ready  to  take  up  the  other  subjects  in  discussion  between  us. 

I  told  him  I  should  always  be  ready  whenever  there  should 
be  a  discernible  prospect  of  our  coming  to  an  agreement  upon 
anything.  I  was  sorry  that  I  could  discover  none.  He  said, 
as  he  has  often  said  before,  that  he  and  I  could  come  to  an 
adjustment  in  half  an  hour.  I  answered,  certainly,  if  I  could 
be  made  to  think  as  he  did,  or  if  he  would  adopt  my  opinions; 
of  both  which  events  I  altogether  despaired. 

He  said  then  he  should  be  glad  to  transfer  the  negotiation 
back  to  Paris,  where  Mr.  Gallatin  might  effect  the  object.  I 
told  him  that  Mr.  Gallatin  would  be  less  likely  to  effect  it  than 
we  should  here;  for  we  had  already  offered  more  than  he  had 
thought  we  ought  to  offer  or  accept.  Besides,  Mr.  Gallatin 
would  scarcely  have  time,  for  he  was  coming  home. 

"Coming  home — when?"  I  said,  probably  next  spring. 
"  Oh,"  said  the  Baron,  "  I  shall  go  home  too  next  spring." 
He  asked  me  if  we  had  received  a  copy  of  Mr.  Gallatin's  letter 
to  Baron  Pasquier  on  the  case  of  the  Apollon.  I  said  we  had, 
and  were  waiting  to  receive  the  answer  which  we  presume  has 
been  given  to  it.  He  said  what  he  most  thought  of  was,  that 
our  good  friends  the  English  were  all  this  time  profiting  by 
our  misunderstandings. 

Now,  I  believe  the  Baron  does  not  think  much  of  this,  but 
he  imagines  it  to  be  a  powerful  argument  with  us.  Onis  used 
very  much  to  fancy  he  could  wheedle  us  with  our  supposed 
jealousy  and  hatred  of  the  English.  Poletica  now  and  then 
touches  upon  the  same  key.  Tis  a  commonplace  of  diplomacy. 
But  it  comes  from  none  more  ungraciously  than  from  the  Baron 
de  Neuville,  who  has  too  much  honest  gratitude  for  the  ser 
vices  of  the  English  to  the  cause  of  his  master  to  hate  them 


400  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [November, 

himself,  and  who,  when  striving  hardest  to  imagine  himself  a 
Frenchman  of  the  old  stock,  never  can  get  beyond  the  attempt 
to  awaken  the  rancorous  feeling  of  others.  I  barely  replied  to 
his  remark  that  the  English  were  so  much  the  common  friends 
of  both  countries,  that  if  we  could  not  agree  between  ourselves 
we  should  rejoice  at  their  profiting  by  our  dissensions. 

1 6th.  I  received  this  evening  a  note  from  Mr.  Canning,  with 
enclosures,  being  copies  of  applications  from  the  Governors 
of  New  York  and  of  Vermont  to  the  Governor  of  Canada 
requesting  him  to  deliver  up  two  fugitives,  one  from  the  State 
of  New  York,  charged  with  forgery,  and  the  other  from  Ver 
mont,  with  murder.  The  Governor-General  of  Canada,  Earl  of 
Dalhousie,  answers  and  delivers  up  both  the  men. 

I /th.  I  took  to  Mr.  Wirt,  the  Attorney-General,  the  note  I 
had  received  last  evening  from  Mr.  Canning,  and  a  volume  of 
Burlamaqui  containing  precisely  the  same  passage  relating  to 
the  delivery  of  fugitive  criminals  as  that  in  Vattel.  Both  these 
writers,  as  well  as  Grotius,  do  in  very  explicit  terms  assert 
the  moral  obligation  of  nations  to  deliver  up  fugitives  guilty 
of  heinous  crimes.  Mr.  Wirt  had  the  English  translation  of 
Grotius,  with  a  part  of  Barbeyrac's  notes,  and  I  had  sent  him 
the  French  edition  of  Barbeyrac,  which  we  compared  together ; 
but  Mr.  Wirt  did  not  seem  to  be  satisfied  with  the  authorities. 
He  wanted  a  Latin  Grotius  ;  but  finally  came  to  the  denial  of 
the  President's  authority  to  deliver  up. 

I  told  him  that  was  the  ground  I  had  alleged  to  Mr.  Can 
ning,  though  I  was  not  entirely  satisfied  that  there  was  a  want 
of  authority.  It  was  made  by  the  Constitution  the  duty  of  the 
President  to  take  care  that  the  laws  be  faithfully  executed;  by 
which  may  be  understood  the  laws  of  nations  as  well  as  the 
laws  of  Congress.  Now,  if  it  were  clearly  and  unquestionably 
the  law  of  nations  that  fugitives  charged  with  heinous  crimes 
should  be  delivered  up,  it  would  be  the  duty  of  the  President 
to  take  care  that  that  law  should  be  faithfully  executed  as  well 
as  others;  and  he  could  not  be  bound  by  the  duty  without 
possessing  the  authority  necessary  for  its  discharge. 

He  said  that  doctrine  was  too  bold  for  him;  he  was  too 
much  of  a  Virginian  for  that. 


iS2i.J  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE. 

I  told  him  that  Virginian  Constitutional  scruples  were  accom 
modating  things.  Whenever  the  exercise  of  a  power  did  not 
happen  to  suit  them,  they  would  allow  of  nothing  but  powers 
expressly  written ;  but  when  it  did,  they  had  no  aversion  to 
implied  powers.  Where  was  there  in  the  Constitution  a  power 
to  purchase  Louisiana?  He  said  there  was  a  power  to  make 
treaties.  "Aye!  a  treaty  to  abolish  the  Constitution  of  the 
United  States?"  "Oh,  no,  no!" 

But  the  Louisiana  purchase  was  in  substance  a  dissolution 
and  recomposition  of  the  whole  Union.  It  made  a  Union 
totally  different  from  that  for  which  the  Constitution  had  been 
formed.  It  gives  despotic  powers  over  the  territories  pur 
chased.  It  naturalizes  foreign  nations  in  a  mass.  It  makes 
French  and  Spanish  laws  a  part  of  the  laws  of  the  Union.  It 
introduces  whole  systems  of  legislation  abhorrent  to  the  spirit 
and  character  of  our  institutions,  and  all  this  done  by  an  Ad 
ministration  which  came  in  blowing  a  trumpet  against  implied 
powers.  After  this,  to  nibble  at  a  bank,  a  road,  a  canal,  the 
mere  mint  and  cummin  of  the  law,  was  but  glorious  incon 
sistency. 

He  said  the  people  had  sanctioned  it.  "  How  the  people?" 
By  their  Representatives  in  Congress ;  they  were  the  people. 

"  Oh,"  said  I,  "  that  doctrine  is  too  bold  for  ME."  But  as  to  this 
power  of  the  President  to  take  care  that  the  laws  of  nations  be 
faithfully  executed  without  waiting  for  an  Act  of  Congress,  it 
had  been  exercised  by  President  Washington,  by  seizing  and 
restoring  vessels  illegally  captured  at  the  commencement  of 
the  wars  of  the  French  Revolution,  before  any  Act  of  Congress 
upon  the  subject,  and  it  was  now  exercised  continually  by  the 
admission  duty-free  of  baggage  and  articles  imported  by  foreign 
Ministers. 

All  this  seemed  to  make  little  impression  upon  Mr.  Wirt; 
and  I  asked  him  whether  he  thought  the  Governors  of  the 
States  had  the  power  to  deliver  up  fugitive  criminals.  He 
thought  they  had. 

I  said  it  was  no  more  delegated  to  them  than  to  the  Presi 
dent,  and  they,  no  more  than  he,  possessed  any  other  than 
delegated  powers.  They  were  certainly  not  specially  charged 


VOL.  V. — 20 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.          [November, 

to  take  care  that  the  laws  of  nations  should  be  faithfully 
executed  in  their  respective  States,  nor  had  they  any  power 
to  arrest  or  detain  any  individual  otherwise  than  conformably 
to  the  laws  of  the  land. 

Wirt  mentioned  the  Treaty  of  1794,  by  which  it  was  stipu 
lated  that  persons  charged  with  murder  and  forgery  should  be 
delivered  up,  from  which  he  drew  two  inferences  :  first,  that  it 
proved  the  sense  of  both  parties  that  without  the  treaty  there 
would  be  no  obligation  to  deliver  up  criminals  of  any  descrip 
tion  ;  and,  secondly,  that  even  in  making  the  stipulation  the 
specification  of  those  two  crimes  was  equivalent  to  an  agree 
ment  that  they  would  deliver  up  no  others. 

I  objected  to  both  these  conclusions,  at  least  in  their  entire 
latitude.  I  said  that  stipulations  in  treaties  were  often  only  in 
affirmance  of  principles  which  would  without  them  be  binding, 
and  that  the  specification  ..might  only  be  of  the  two  crimes 
for  which  the  refuge  would  be  most  likely  to  be  sought,  and 
would  be  reciprocally  most  dangerous  to  bordering  countries. 

We  both  agreed  that  it  was  a  subject  deserving  the  attention 
of  Congress. 

1 9th.  The  Swedish  Charge  d' Affaires,  Baron  Stackelberg, 
came  with  a  very  formal  apology  for  having  addressed  a  letter 
upon  the  case  of  some  Swedish  ship,  which  has  incurred  a  for 
feiture,  directly  to  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury.  He  said  it 
was  to  obtain  a  remission  of  the  forfeiture,  and  he  had  sup 
posed  it  was  within  the  competency  of  the  Secretary  of  the 
Treasury.  But  he  had  finally  been  informed  that  the  President 
only  could  grant  the  remission,  and  the  application  for  it  must 
be  made  through  me. 

I  told  the  Baron  that  I  would  readily  attend  to  it,  but  that 
there  was  no  occasion  for  his  apology.  I  wished  him  to 
continue  to  make  application  directly  to  the  Secretary  of  the 
Treasury,  or  to  any  other  head  of  Department,  upon  any 
business  which  could  be  done  without  my  intervention. 

I  was  at  the  President's,  and  found  Mr.  Wirt  there.  Mr. 
Calhoun  came  in  afterwards.  The  President  told  me  he  was 
preparing  the  first  sketch  of  his  message  to  Congress  for  the 
commencement  of  the  session,  and,  beginning  with  the  Foreign 


iS2i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF.  STATE. 

Relations,  had  nearly  finished  that  part  of  it,  and  if  I  would 
call  to-morrow  he  would  read  it  to  me.  He  meant  to  take  a 
general  review  of  our  commercial  system  as  founded  upon  the 
Act  of  Congress  of  3d  March,  1815,  and  the  subsequent  treaties 
and  Navigation  and  Restrictive  Acts. 

I  had  brought  with  me  the  draft  of  a  letter  to  the  Secretary 
of  East  Florida,  Worthington,  denying  the  right  to  sell  the 
city  lots  at  St.  Augustine  without  an  Act  of  Congress.  It  was 
approved. 

The  President  had  sent  me  directions  to  write  to  Mr.  Can 
ning  upon  the  affair  of  Carleton  Island,  and  the  substance  of 
what  should  be  said.  I  made  the  draft  accordingly.  He 
desired  me  this  day  to  answer  the  letter  of  Governor  Clinton, 
and  set  forth  the  circumstances  which  render  a  resort  to  forcible 
resistance  for  maintaining  the  jurisdiction  of  the  State  of  New 
York  inexpedient,  particularly  the  continuance  of  the  British 
possession  till  the  late  war,  and  the  stipulation  in  the  treaty  to 
restore  all  places  during  the  war. 

Mr.  Wirt  adverted  to  the  opinion  expressed  the  other  day 
by  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  that,  if  we  should  answer  thus, 
Clinton  would  use  resistance  of  his  own  authority,  and  make 
it  the  foundation  to  raise  a  clamor  against  the  General  Gov 
ernment. 

I  asked  whether  this  was  probable. 

Wirt  said  that  Mr.  Thompson's  opinion  was  founded  upon 
his  knowledge  of  the  character  of  the  man.  He  was  himself 
not  acquainted  with  Clinton. 

I  said  that,  with  entire  respect  for  the  uprightness,  candor, 
and  sound  judgment  of  Mr.  Thompson,  I  thought  his  anticipa 
tion  might,  in  this  case,  partake  a  little  of  prejudice.  Mr.  Clin 
ton  was  politically  not  in  a  condition  to  court  a  new  quarrel 
with  the  General  Government,  especially  in  a  case  in  which  he 
would  be  manifestly  wrong  and  which  could  not  possibly  be 
of  much  effect.  His  experiment  of  last  year  had  recoiled  too 
much  upon  himself  to  encourage  him  in  that  course.  There 
was  another  light  in  which  I  thought  it  was  but  just  to  con 
sider  his  letter.  He  was  Governor  of  New  York,  and  it  was 
his  duty  to  maintain  the  jurisdiction  of  the  State.  The  Legis- 


404  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [November, 

lature  had  annexed  Carleton  Island  to  one  of  their  towns,  and 
had  granted  lands  upon  it  to  one  of  their  citizens.  He  had 
been  molested  in  the  possession  of  his  estate  by  foreign  officers. 
His  resort  naturally  was  to  the  State  Executive  for  protection ; 
and  that  of  the  State  Executive,  prudently,  to  the  President  for 
advice.  It  did  not  follow,  because  he  had  declared  that  he 
should  consider  himself  justified  in  maintaining  the  actual 
jurisdiction  of  the  State,  that  he  would  disregard  the  advice 
which  he  had  asked,  and  do  that  in  defiance  which  he  had  for 
borne  to  do  without  consultation.  It  was  not  for  him,  as  Gov 
ernor  of  the  State,  to  anticipate  objections  to  the  jurisdiction 
asserted  by  the  Acts  of  the  Legislature,  but  he  might  with 
perfect  propriety  acquiesce  in  such  as  should  be  suggested  by 
order  of  the  President  in  answer  to  his  letter. 

To  all  this  the  President  assented,  and  desired  me  to  send 
Governor  Clinton  a  copy,  in  confidence,  of  my  letter  to  Mr. 
Canning  relating  to  the  subject. 

2Oth.  The  President  had  desired  me  yesterday  to  send  him  a 
minute  of  the  Acts  of  Congress  and  proclamations  relating  to 
the  repeal  of  discriminating  duties,  which  I  did  last  evening. 
I  called  this  day  at  his  house,  and  he  read  me  the  draft  of  the 
part  of  his  message  relating  to  our  Foreign  Affairs.  It  was  a 
general  review  of  our  commercial  system  founded  upon  the 
Act  of  Congress  of  3d  March,  1815,  offering  the  reciprocal 
repeal  of  discriminating  duties,  the  treaties  subsequently  made, 
and  the  negotiations,  hitherto  ineffectual,  with  France  and  Great 
Britain.  He  said  he  meant  to  bring  the  whole  subject  before 
Congress  for  their  consideration  and  revisal.  They  would  thus 
have  it  in  their  power  either  to  persevere  in  the  system,  or 
further  to  modify  it,  or  finally  to  abandon  it.  He  himself  be 
lieved  that  the  wiser  policy  would  be  to  persevere.  But  some 
parts  of  the  country  specially  affected  by  the  operation  of  the 
system  were  uneasy  under  it,  and  it  was  desirable  that  the 
subject  should  be  reconsidered  in  all  its  bearings  by  Congress. 

I  had  only  one  or  two  remarks  to  make  upon  the  draft,  which 
I  did.  He  said  he  was  waiting  for  one  or  two  other  statements 
from  other  Departments,  to  prepare  the  remainder  of  his  mes 
sage,  and  he  was  happy  to  find  by  the  statements  from  the 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE. 


405 


Treasury  that  we  shall  probably  be  able  to  get  through  the 
ensuing  year  without  resorting  to  new  taxes. 

22cl.  I  found  this  morning  at  the  office  a  son  of  William 
Elliot,  the  clerk  in  the  Patent  Office,  with  an  open  letter  to  be 
franked  for  William  Blagrove.  There  came  two  days  ago  a 
letter  from  Blagrove  to  Elliot,  under  cover  to  me,  but  sealed. 
I  opened  it,  and  found  it  containing  a  five-dollar  bill  for  copies 
of  papers,  and  a  promise  of  a  handsome  gratuity  to  Elliot  if  a 
certain  patent  could  be  obtained;  requesting  Elliot  also  to  write 
to  him  under  a  frank.  I  desired  Mr.  Brent,  in  sending  or  giving 
this  letter  to  Elliot,  to  tell  him  I  considered  the  promise  of  a 
gratuity  improper,  and  that  I  did  not  choose  to  be  the  vehicle 
of  such  a  correspondence.  I  added  that  I  was  not  punctilious 
upon  trifles,  but  this  was  not  the  first  time  I  had  found  Blagrove 
attempt  to  pass  through  my  frank  an  improper  correspondence; 
and  I  should  consider  Mr.  Elliot's  acceptance  of  a  gratuity  for 
doing  business  of  an  official  character  still  more  so. 

The  letter  was  sent  to  Elliot,  but  Mr.  Brent  forgot  to  send  or 
deliver  to  him  my  message  with  it.  Elliot,  however,  saw  the 
exceptionable  part  of  Blagrove's  letter,  and  this  letter  brought 
by  his  son  was  his  answer.  It  rejected  with  proper  resentment 
the  offer  of  a  gratuity.  The  boy  said  his  father  considered  it  a 
rascally  proposal,  but  that  he  believed  I  and  Dr.  Thornton  had 
not  considered  it  in  that  light.  I  did  not  understand  this  till  I 
found,  upon  enquiry,  that  my  message  had  not  been  delivered 
to  Elliot.  I  desired  that  the  original  letter  of  Blagrove  and  a 
copy  of  Elliot's  answer  should  be  sent  to  me  to  be  deposited 
in  the  office. 

Mr.  Thompson,  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  came  to  enquire 
what  answer  he  should  give  to  the  letter  which  he  had  received 
from  a  Mr.  King  about  Carleton  Island.  I  read  to  him  the 
draft  of  the  letter  which  I  have  written  by  the  President's 
direction  to  Mr.  Canning,  and  told  him  I  was  to  send  a  copy 
of  that  letter  to  Governor  Clinton.  I  bantered  Thompson  a 
little  upon  the  avidity  with  which  the  Legislature  of  New  York 
had  seized  upon  the  Canadian  derelict  island,  which  by  good 
right  belonged  not  to  New  York,  but  to  the  United  States.  I 
called  at  the  President's  with  my  draft  of  a  letter  to  Governor 


406  .MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.       [November, 

Clinton,  which,  with  two  slight  additions  suggested  by  him,  he 
approved. 

I  had  sent  him  yesterday  the  gross  budget  of  dispatches  re 
ceived,  of  which  he  had  read  the  greater  part.  I  told  him  that 
upon  reading  the  packet  from  Fromentin  a  doubt  had  occurred 
to  me  whether  the  mention  made  of  him  in  the  message  was 
not  too  favorable.  The  papers  now  received  from  him  were 
written  three  weeks  after  Jackson  had  left  Pensacola,  when 
there  had  been  time  for  the  blood  to  cool  and  there  was  not  the 
same  excuse  for  excitement.  Instead  of  diminishing  they  had 
increased  in  violence.  They  were  altogether  insupportable. 
One  was  a  long  declamation  to  prove  himself  not  a  weak  man, 
of  which  that  argument  was  its  own  refutation.  The  other  was 
an  argument  smothered  in  invective  against  Jackson,  begging 
the  question  of  his  non-jurisdiction,  and  then  railing  at  him  for 
a  tyrant,  usurper,  and  assassin.  These  papers  were  such  that 
if  communicated  to  Congress  they  would  excite  universal  dis 
gust;  and  yet  they  were  written  apparently  with  the  purpose  of 
publication,  for  they  were  mere  inflammatory  appeals  to  popu 
lar  feeling,  and  if  they  should  not  be  communicated  I  should 
not  be  surprised  if  Fromentin  should  complain  that  they  were 
suppressed.  I  had  thought,  therefore,  that  it  might  be  proper 
for  me  to  write  to  him  distinctly  expressing  to  him  the  Presi 
dent's  disapprobation  of  these  papers,  informing  him  that  from 
regard  for  himself  they  had  not  been,  and  would  not  be  com 
municated  to  Congress  unless,  after  an  opportunity  of  recon 
sideration,  he  should  himself  desire  it. 

The  President  approved  this  idea,  and  said  Fromentin's 
conduct  appeared  to  be  that  of  desperation.  He  had  lost  his 
character  and  consideration  in  Louisiana ;  he  could  not  go 
back  there.  As  to  the  notice  of  him  in  the  message,  perhaps 
some  sentiment  of  regret  at  the  temper  manifested  on  both 
sides  might  be  proper,  and  due  to  the  character  of  the  Gov 
ernment. 

I  said  that  this  would  place  them  both  on  the  same  footing, 
which  would  be  scarcely  just.  Jackson  had  perhaps  used  in 
temperate  language  personally  to  Fromentin  ;  he  had  written 
him  in  the  heat  of  excitement  one  intemperate  letter;  but  he 


IS2I.J  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE. 

had  communicated  nothing  of  this  to  the  Government.  He 
had  complained  of  Fromentin's  interference  with  his  authority, 
but  in  no  improper  terms. 

The  President  said  it  would  deserve  further  consideration. 

I  asked  him  if,  among  the  mass  of  papers  I  had  yesterday 
sent  him,  he  had  read  a  private  letter  from  C.  Hughes,  Jr.,  at 
Stockholm.  He  said  he  had.  It  contained  an  extract  of  a 
singular  letter  from  Goulburn  to  Hughes,  ridiculing  the  refer 
ence  of  the  slave  question  to  the  Emperor  of  Russia,  and 
adding  that  it  was  all  Mr.  Gallatin's  fault,  for  that  they  (the 
British  Government  in  1819)  had  offered  to  compromise  the 
affair  by  paying  us  a  sum  of  money  at  once,  to  get  rid  of  the 
whole  question,  but  Gallatin  had  declined  agreeing  to  this. 

The  President  thought  it  extraordinary  that  this  fact  had 
never  been  communicated  to  us  either  by  Mr.  Gallatin  or  Mr. 
Rush.  But  what  I  particularly  noticed  Goulburn's  letter  for 
was  his  apparent  dislike  of  the  reference,  which  probably  in 
dicates  the  sentiment  of  the  British  Government.  Now,  this 
reference  was  no  more  a  favorite  of  mine  than  of  theirs.  In 
the  slave  case,  however,  it  was  the  simplest  of  all  possible 
questions — a  question  upon  the  true  meaning  of  a  single  sen 
tence  ;  I  had  almost  said,  of  a  single  word.  But  the  question 
upon  the  unsettled  boundary,  on  which  the  Commissioners, 
under  the  fifth  article  of  the  Ghent  Treaty,  had  been,  after  five 
years  of  examinations  and  surveys  and  discussions,  unable  to 
agree,  was  of  a  very  different  character.  It  would  be  impos 
sible  for  a  foreign  Government  even  to  understand  the  ques 
tion  without  an  investigation  which  must  consume  years.  It 
would  scarcely  be  prudent  to  refer  a  second  question  to  the 
Emperor  of  Russia,  who  could  not  fail  to  give  dissatisfaction 
to  either  party  against  which  he  should  decide  the  first,  and 
there  was  no  other  sovereign  in  Europe  whom  we  could  con 
sider  as  sufficiently  independent  for  an  umpire,  unless  it  were 
the  Emperor  of  Austria,  with  whom  we  have  no  political  rela 
tions.  I  thought,  therefore,  that  Mr.  Rush  should  be  instructed 
to  sound  the  British  Government  and  ascertain  whether  we 
cannot  settle  the  affair  by  negotiation  together  without  recur 
ring  to  the  arbitrament  of  any  third  power. 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QU1XCY  ADAMS.      [November, 

The  President  assented  also  to  this. 

I  asked  him  whether,  in  the  draft  of  the  message  enumer 
ating  the  documents  relating  to  the  repeal  of  the  discriminating 
duties,  the  treaty  with  Sweden  had  not  been  omitted.  He  said 
it  had  ;  but  he  would  take  care  to  supply  the  defect. 

I  mentioned  likewise  the  second  Algerine  Treaty,  and  the 
accident  by  which  it  had  not  yet  been  laid  before  the  Senate. 
He  said  it  would  be  proper  to  explain  this  in  the  message  to 
be  sent  to  the  Senate  with  the  treaty.  Upon  the  questions 
of  certain  charges  in  W.  Shaler's  accounts  he  said  he  would 
consult  the  other  members  of  the  Administration  to-morrow, 
when  he  wished  a  meeting  at  noon — not  to  read  the  message, 
but  to  submit  the  question  whether  any  new  taxes  should  be 
recommended  to  Congress. 

I  made  some  remark  upon  the  arrangement  of  the  topics 
in  the  draft  which  the  President  had  read  to  me  yesterday.  It 
had  been  copied  since  yesterday,  and  the  arrangement  altered, 
as  I  had  intended  to  suggest ;  so  as  to  throw  together  all  that 
related  to  our  commercial  system,  keeping  it  distinct  from  the 
parts  alluding  to  the  slave  question  and  the  Florida  Treaty. 

23d.  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's  at  noon — full.  The 
question  submitted  by  the  President  was,  whether  it  was  expe 
dient  that,  in  his  message  to  Congress,  he  should  recommend 
the  establishment  of  internal  taxes.  Mr.  Crawford  had  his 
estimates  for  the  service  of  the  ensuing  year,  and  the  returns  of 
receipts  in  the  Treasury  for  the  three  expired  quarters  of  the 
present  year  and  the  whole  of  the  last.  The  receipts  from  the 
customs,  which  are  almost  our  only  revenue,  have  been  every 
quarter  of  the  present  year  less  than  they  were  in  the  cor 
responding  quarters  of  the  last.  The  deficiency,  however,  of 
the  third  quarter  has  been  very  trifling,  and  there  is  no  doubt 
that  the  receipts  of  the  present  quarter  will  exceed  those  of  the 
last  quarter  of  1820.  The  whole  amount  of  the  receipts  from 
the  customs  in  that  year  was  a  little  over  fifteen  millions. 
Those  of  the  present  year  will  not  much  exceed  thirteen  mil 
lions.  The  falling  off  in  our  revenue  the  three  last  years  has 
been  very  great,  and  its  principal  cause  has  been  the  fallen 
value  of  our  principal  articles  of  export,  and  the  reduction  of 


iSai.]  THE    DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE. 

the  enormous  mass  of  artificial  capital  in  bank  credits  and 
paper.  It  appears  that  the  lowest  point  of  this  depression  was 
about  the  close  of  the  last  year;  but  the  present  is  the  year  in 
which  it  has  been  most  sensibly  felt  in  our  revenue.  The  im 
post  is  collected  upon  bonds  payable  at  periods  from  six  to 
twelve  months  of  their  dates,  and  the  average  collection  upon 
the  bonds  of  every  separate  year  is  of  about  twenty-three  per 
cent,  of  the  whole  amount  in  the  course  of  the  same  year; 
seventy-five  per  cent,  the  year  following,  and  two  per  cent,  the 
second  year  after.  The.  average  receipts  of  the  present  year 
have  been  less  than  three  millions  and  a  half  each  quarter;  but 
since  the  commencement  of  the  third  quarter  they  have  been 
steadily  but  slowly  increasing  ;  so  that  we  may  hope  the  revenue 
of  the  following  year  will  equal  that  of  the  last  year. 

Mr.  Crawford  and  Mr.  Calhoun  discussed  the  details,  both  of 
receipt  and  expenditure,  much  at  length.  Crawford  said  that 
if  he  could  assume  for  certain  that  the  impost  would  yield 
fifteen  millions,  the  revenue  would  then  cover  the  expenditure 
of  the  year.  But  he  thought  it  would  be  necessary  to  look 
forward  to  the  year  1825,  when  about  ten  millions  of  the  present 
debt,  seven  and  six  per  cents.,  will  become  payable,  and  he  and 
Mr.  Calhoun  thought  now  the  time  to  convert  these  seven  and 
six  per  cents,  into  five  per  cents.,  which  they  thought  the 
creditors  would  be  glad  to  do,  the  five  per  cents,  being  now 
in  the  market  as  high  as  the  six  per  cents.,  and  both  higher 
than  the  seven  per  cents.,  because  it  is  known  that  the  stocks 
bearing  the  highest  interest  will  be  the  first  paid  off.  They 
calculated  that  this  operation  alone  would  reduce  the  payments 
on  the  interest  of  the  public  debt  three  hundred  thousand  dol 
lars  a  year,  and  be  equivalent  to  the  extinction  of  five  millions 
of  debt. 

I  did  not  object  to  the  experiment,  but  doubted  much  whether 
it  would  be  accepted  by  all,  or  even  by  a  large  portion,  of  the 
creditors.  I  told  them  also  that  I  had  no  belief  the  public 
stocks  would  continue  for  four  years  to  come  at  their  present 
market  prices.  I  thought  it  much  more  probable  they  would 
within  that  time  be  down  to  par,  and  perhaps  lower.  I  thought 
they  had  been  as  low  as  ninety-nine  within  these  four  years; 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.        [November, 

but  Mr.  Crawford  said  they  had  not  been  less  than  one  per 
cent,  above  par  since  1817.  He  said  there  might  be  some 
alteration  advantageously  made  in  the  tariff,  and  instanced 
particularly  the  article  of  linen,  now  rated  at  fifteen  per  cent, 
ad  valorem,  and  which  might  be  safely  raised  to  twenty. 

Mr.  Calhoun  thought  this  would  make  a  very  trifling  addition 
to  the  revenue,  and  that  only  for  one  or  two  years.  By  the 
year  1825,  he  believed  it  would,  on  the  contrary,  be  less  pro 
ductive  at  twenty  than  at  fifteen  per  cent.  He  said  the  manu 
facturing  interest  now  was  so  flourishing  that  it  was  gradually 
reducing  the  revenue  by  impost,  and  would  continue  so,  till  he 
was  convinced  some  otherjnode  of  taxation  would  become  in 
dispensable.  The  prosperity  of  the  manufactures  was  now  so 
clearly  established  that  it  might  be  mentioned  in  the  message 
as  a  subject  of  congratulation. 

"  That,"  said  Crawford,  "would  immediately  bringdown  upon 
you  Duane  and  Niles." 

The  President  put  the  question  whether  additional  taxes 
should  be  recommended.  Mr.  Wirt  and  Mr.  Thompson  an 
swered  they  did  not  think  it  necessary.  I  said  I  thought  the 
same,  so  far  as  concerned  internal  taxes.  They  would  require 
the  organization  of  a  whole  system  for  collecting  them,  the 
appointment  of  many  officers,  and  a  process  of  considerable 
expense,  and  it  would  give  general  dissatisfaction  to  the  people. 
There  were  good  grounds  for  expecting  that  the  imposts  of  the 
ensuing  year  would  yield  fifteen  millions,  in  which  case,  Mr. 
Crawford  assured  us,  the  expenditure  would  be  covered  by  the 
income  of  the  year.  But  as  there  was  some  uncertainty  upon 
the  subject,  if  by  some  slight  alterations  of  the  tariff  an  addi 
tional  half  a  million  could  be  secured,  it  ought  not  to  be  neg 
lected.  No  additional  expenses  of  collection,  no  new  officers, 
would  be  required ;  the  increase  of  duty  would  scarcely  be 
felt;  and  it  would  have  the  advantage  of  conceding  something 
to  the  manufacturing  interest,  which  has  been  so  long  com 
plaining,  and  which  has  considerably  suffered.  I  was  therefore 
in  favor  of  proposing  the  increase  of  the  duty  upon  linens  from 
fifteen  to  twenty  per  cent. 

Mr.  Crawford  said  there  would  not  be  much  trouble  with  the 


1 82 1 .  ]  THE   D  EPA  R  TMENT  OF  S TA  TE.  ^  l  r 

manufacturing-  interest  at  the  ensuing  session  of  Congress.  He 
had  seen  last  week  a  member  elect  from  Pittsburg  in  the  Penn 
sylvania  Legislature,  who  told  him  there  had  been  a  great 
change  of  opinion  there  on  the  manufacturing  question  ;  that 
he  had  himself  an  interest  in  a  manufacture,  but  was  of  the 
party  not  desirous  of  a  new  tariff;  that  the  ticket  supported  by 
this  interest  had  been  chosen  by  a  majority  of  a  hundred  votes 
in  Pittsburg  itself,  and  that  the  majority  in  the  county  was  of 
six  hundred. 

Calhoun  said  he  had  been  told  that  the  whole  struggle  of 
the  Pittsburg  manufacturers  had  been  an  effort  to  keep  up 
the  prices  of  their  goods,  while  all  the  articles  of  agricultural 
produce  had  fallen  almost  to  nothing — flour,  for  instance, 
down  to  two  dollars  a  barrel. 

I  said  I  had  no  apprehension  that  there  would  be  much 
debate  upon  manufacturing  interests,  and  whatever  exertions 
they  might  make  would  be  outreasoned  and  outvoted.  But, 
as  they  were  great  and  very  respectable  interests,  if  anything 
could  be  conceded  to  them,  at  the  same  time  subserving 
another  useful  purpose,  I  thought  it  would  be  recommended 
by  sound  policy. 

Mr.  Calhoun  said  he  should  assent  to  it  on  the  score  of 
policy,  but  he  did  not  think  it  would  ultimately  benefit  the 
revenue,  and  he  thought  silks  would  be  a  better  article  for  an 
increase  of  duty  than  linens.  The  decision  was  unanimous 
against  any  recommendation  of  internal  taxes. 

Mr.  Crawford  had  a  letter  from  the  French  Consul-General 
Petry,  requesting  the  liberty  to  ship  twenty-six  boxes  of  objects 
of  natural  history,  animal,  vegetable,  and  mineral,  for  the  King 
of  France,  by  a  French  vessel  which  has  entered  the  port  of 
New  York  in  distress.  The  Collector  has  refused  permission 
for  the  shipment  unless  tonnage  duties  should  be  paid.  But, 
as  the  articles  are  not  objects  of  commerce,  and  are  for  the 
public  uses  of  a  foreign  sovereign,  it  was  concluded  that  the 
permission  should  be  given  for  the  shipment  without  payment 
of  tonnage  duties. 

Mr.  Calhoun  brought  on  the  discussion  of  a  proposal  made 
by  Governor  Cass,  of  the  Michigan  Territory,  for  preventing 


412  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.       [November, 

the  Indians  dwelling  within  our  boundaries  from  resorting  to 
Maiden  annually  to  receive  presents  from  the  British  Govern 
ment.  This  is  an  old  practice,  against  which  we  remonstrated 
about  two  years  ago,  without  success.  They  refused  to  super 
sede  the  usage,  and  immediately  gave  notice  to  the  Indians  of 
our  demand  and  their  refusal.  The  presents,  Governor  Cass 
says,  have  been  more  abundant  than  they  had  ever  been  before. 
But,  from  various  considerations  arising  out  of  this  subject,  it 
was  determined  not  immediately  to  take  any  decisive  step  con 
cerning  it.  Governor  Cass  recommends  that  in  preventing  the 
Indians  from  receiving  the  presents  of  the  British  Govern 
ment  we  should  indemnify  them  in  part,  and  I  think  entirely, 
for  their  loss,  by  increasing  our  own  gifts.  He  thinks  also  we 
should  in  the  first  instance  endeavor  to  wean  the  Indians  from 
this  connection  by  persuasion  and  admonition ;  the  efficacy  of 
which  may  be  doubted. 

I  think  also  that  when  we  undertake  to  sever  this  intercourse 
against  the  will  of  both  parties,  we  should  undertake  it  with 
great  deliberation  and  determined  perseverance,  and  that  we 
should  give  full  notice  of  our  intention  to  the  British  Govern 
ment  as  well  as  to  the  Indians.  The  motive  of  the  British 
Government  in  continuing  these  presents  is  to  keep  the  In 
dians  in  reserve  as  auxiliaries  in  a  future  war  with  us.  This 
is  a  dishonorable  spirit  of  hostility  maintained  in  the  midst  of 
peace.  But  if  we  break  up  the  intercourse,  it  should  be  in  a 
manly  and  spirited  way,  giving  due  notice  and  assigning  suffi 
cient  reasons. 

24th.  Called  at  the  President's.  He  fixed  Monday  next  at 
one  o'clock  to  see  Mr.  Canning  and  receive  from  him  the  letter 
from  the  King  of  Great  Britain  announcing  the  death  of  the 
Queen.  I  remarked  to  the  President  that  in  the  language  of 
Mr.  Canning's  note  there  was  something  of  the  pretension 
which  he  had  advanced  last  summer :  he  desired  me  to  take 
the  President's  pleasure  only  with  respect  to  the  time  when  he 
would  receive  the  letter ;  as  if  the  manner  of  receiving  it  was 
not  to  be  optional.  I  said  I  did  not  think  it  worth  while  to 
notice  this  now;  but  it  would  be  advisable  to  bear  it  in  mind 
and  not  suffer  the  pretension  to  take  root  by  acquiescence  in  it. 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  ^  ^ 

The  President  said  he  should  take  care  to  keep  the  mode  of 
receiving  these  letters  always  subordinate  to  his  convenience. 
He  spoke  of  the  papers  from  Judge  Fromentin,  and  said  he 
had  given  those  last  received  to  General  Winder  for  his  perusal, 
Fromentin  and  Winder  having  married  sisters.  He  had  told 
Winder  that  these  papers  were  in  language  so  extraordinary 
that  the  Government,  in  justice  to  itself,  was  compelled  to  mark 
them  with  disapprobation.  Fromentin  would  therefore  be  in 
formed  that  they  would  not  be  communicated  to  Congress 
unless  he  should  desire  it  himself.  He  said  Winder  thought 
Fromentin  had  been  transported  out  of  the  bounds  of  judgment. 
He  had  promised  to  write  to  him,  and  believed  that  upon  cool 
reflection  he  would  himself  ask  to  withdraw  the  papers. 

25th.  The  French  Minister,  Baron  Hyde  cle  Neuville,  came, 
and  had  a  long  and  somewhat  angry  conversation  with  me 
upon  the  state  of  our  affairs,  and  especially  upon  the  case  of 
the  Apollon.  He  said  that  he  had  informed  me  that  he  had 
been  instructed  by  his  Government  to  continue  the  discussion 
concerning  that  vessel,  the  Neptune,  and  the  Eugenie ;  and 
he  wished  me  to  answer  his  last  note  upon  that  subject,  upon 
which  he  should  reply  according  to  the  instructions  which  he 
had  received;  that  he  was  instructed  to  keep  that  affair  dis 
tinct  from  all  others,  and  that  it  must  be  settled  the  first  of  all. 
I  asked  him  if  there  had  been  any  answer  given  to  Mr.  Galla- 
tin's  note  of  the  28th  of  June.  He  said  there  would  no  doubt 
be  given  some  answer,  but  his  Government  thought  the  affair 
should  be  settled  here.  Not  that  they  had  any  objection  to 
treat  with  Mr.  Gallatin — he  had  always  treated  them  respect 
fully,  and  although  they  were  not  pleased  with  his  advice,  that 
in  the  commercial  affair  this  country  must  do  itself  justice,  yet 
the  French  Government  would  not  on  that  account  decline 
treating  with  him — but  they  chose  to  settle  that  matter  here ; 
and,  three  or  four  days  after  Mr.  Gallatin's  note  had  been  sent 
in,  his  (De  Neuville's)  instructions  had  been  dispatched,  and  a 
copy  of  Mr.  Gallatin's  note  with  them. 

I  asked  him  whether  he  had  received  any  instructions  written 
since  his  Government  had  been  made  acquainted  with  the  cor 
respondence  between  him  and  me  on  the  subject  last  summer. 


414 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [November, 


Without  directly  answering  this  question,  he  said  that  his 
Government  saw  the  thing  exactly  in  the  same  light  that  he 
did.  As  to  the  commercial  negotiation,  our  ideas  were  widely 
different;  but  France  could  not  accept  the  proposals  we  had 
offered.  The  French  Government  could  not  do  it  if  it  would. 
But  it  was  determined  that  this  affair  should  be  disposed  of 
first.  I  knew  very  well  what  his  sentiments  concerning  it  were. 
They  were  different  from  mine;  but  those  of  his  Government 
were  precisely  the  same  as  his  own.  This  day  he  had  received 
a  private  letter  from  France,  saying  that  affairs  are  getting 
embroiled  with  the  United  States,  and  he  cannot  conceive 
what  there  should  be  for  France  and  the  United  States  to 
differ  about. 

I  said  it  was  at  least  not  a  difference  of  our  seeking.  We 
asked  nothing  of  France,  not  even  a  treaty  of  commerce.  As 
to  the  case  of  the  Apollon,  he  had  insisted  upon  our  ac 
knowledging  that  a  great  error  had  been  committed,  and 
then  explained  that  he  meant,  by  subordinate  officers  of  this 
Government.  That  we  had  answered  there  had  been  no 
error  of  subordinate  officers.  If  there  had  been  any  error, 
it  was  our  own ;  but  we  were  conscious  of  none.  We  had 
done  only  what  we  thought  the  law  authorized  and  the  case 
required.  If,  therefore,  he  wished  to  find  the  cause  of  differ 
ence  between  the  United  States  and  France,  it  was  not  to  us 
that  he  must  look  for  it.  We  demanded  nothing.  But  his 
demand  was  that  we  should  unsay  what  we  had  said. 

He  said  that  it  was  noble  and  generous  in  this  Government 
to  support  its  officers;  but  the  order  of  the  6th  May,  1818,  was 
not  warranted  by  law,  nor  was  Mr.  Jones,  the  Chief  Clerk  of 
the  Treasury,  warranted  in  writing  that  it  was  applicable  to  the 
case  of  the  Apollon,  nor  was  the  vessel  treated  according  to 
the  terms  of  that  order.  He  said  much  about  Captain  Edou's 
being  a  man  of  honor,  and,  referring  to  his  transactions  in  enter 
ing  his  vessel  at  St.  Augustine  and  posting  her  at  Bell  River, 
said  he  had  done  nothing  but  what  he  had  a  right  to  do.  He 
intimated  rather  indistinctly  that  there  ought  to  be  an  enquiry 
in  Congress  as  to  the  legality  of  the  Treasury  Order  of  6th 
May,  1818,  and  said  that  within  two  or  three  months  American 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  4^ 

vessels  would  be  arrested  in  the  French  ports  for  the  affair  of 
the  Apollon,  the  Neptune,  and  the  Eugenie. 

I  understood  him  to  say  this  upon  his  word  of  honor.  He 
had  previously  said  that  if  a  similar  affair  had  happened  to 
American  citizens  we  should  have  been  equally  urgent  in  de 
manding  satisfaction,  upon  which  I  declared  to  him  with  much 
earnestness,  and  from  the  bottom  of  my  soul,  speaking  (as  I 
said)  not  as  a  public  Minister,  but  as  a  man,  that  we  should 
not — very  far  from  it — that  we  never  should  have  said  a  tenth 
part  upon  it  of  what  he  has  already  said. 

When  he  came  to  his  declaration  that  American  vessels 
would  be  arrested  in  the  ports  of  France,  I  paused  until  he  ran 
through  his  declamation  about  the  honor  of  Captain  Edou,  and 
took  no  notice  of  his  hint  about  an  enquiry  in  Congress.  As 
soon  as  he  stopped,  I  said  that  I  had  understood  him  to  say 
that,  upon  his  word  of  honor,  American  vessels  would  within 
three  months  be  arrested  in  the  ports  of  France. 

He  said  that  the  declaration  upon  his  word  of  honor  related 
not  to  that,  but  to  something  else.  But  as  a  private  individual 
he  had  declared  as  his  opinion  that  within  three  months  Amer 
ican  vessels  would  be  detained  in  France  unless  satisfaction 
were  given  for  the  cases  of  the  Apollon,  the  Neptune,  and  the 
Eugenie,  because  they  were  considered,  universally  considered, 
as  outrages  upon  the  flag  and  national  honor  of  France.  They 
would  be  brought  forward  in  the  Chamber  of  Deputies,  and 
measures  of  reprisal  demanded  and  unanimously  agreed  to; 
for  the  Libcraux  would  be  more  ardent  for  them  than  any 
others. 

I  said  I  had  understood  him  to  say  on  his  word  of  honor 
that  American  vessels  would  within  three  months  be  arrested 
in  France ;  I  was  happy  to  hear  his  explanation  that  he  only 
gave  this  as  his  private  opinion,  and  should  make  report  of  the 
whole  to-morrow  to  the  President. 

He  seemed  startled  at  this,  but  said  I  might  report  to  the 
President  what  I  pleased. 

I  said  I  should  report  exactly  what  had  passed  between  us, 
and  no  more;  as  I  had  first  understood  him,  and  as  he  had 
afterwards  explained. 


416  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.         [November, 

He  then,  in  a  loud  and  peremptory  tone,  rising  from  his  seat 
and  with  vehement  gesture,  said,  "  Well,  sir,  since  you  think 
proper  to  report  to  the  President  what  I  came  here  to  say  in 
confidential  conversation  with  you,  I  desire  you  to  tell  him  from 
me,  as  my  individual  opinion,  that  if  satisfaction  is  not  made 
to  France  in  the  affair  of  the  Apollon,  the  Neptune,  and  the 
Eugenie,  La  France  doit  leur  declarer  LA  GUERRE." 

These  last  words  he  spoke  in  a  manner  nearly  frantic,  dwell 
ing  upon  the  word  guerre  with  a  long  and  virulent  emphasis, 
and,  without  waiting  for  a  reply,  rushed  out  of  the  room,  and 
through  the  inner  and  outer  street  doors  into  the  street.  I  fol 
lowed  him  composedly  with  a  light.  Antoine  happened  to  be 
in  the  entry  as  he  sallied  forth,  and  followed  him  to  the  street 
door,  calling  out,  "  Monsieur!  vous  avez  oublie  votre  surtout." 
He  turned  back  and  put  on  his  great-coat,  but  said  nothing 
further  to  me. 

This  incident  gave  -the  catastrophe  something  of  an  air  of 
burlesque,  but  the  whole  scene  left  me  leisure  for  very  serious 
reflection.  Mrs.  Adams,  on  returning  from  Dr.  Thornton's, 
soon  found  me  to  be  in  a  brown  study. 

26th.  I  awoke  between  two  and  three  o'clock  this  morning, 
and  slept  no  more;  it  was  the  wakefulness  not  of  conscious 
wrong,  but  of  deep  anxiety.  At  five,  arose.  I  wrote  the  diary 
of  yesterday,  and  made  the  record  of  the  memorable  conversa 
tion  with  the  French  Minister.  At  one  o'clock  I  went  to  the 
President's  and  presented  to  him  Mr.  Canning,  the  British 
Minister,  who  delivered  to  him  the  letter  from  the  King  of 
Great  Britain  announcing  the  decease  of  the  Queen.  The 
President  told  him  that  he  received  the  communication  with 
all  the  sympathy  which  the  event  was  calculated  to  inspire. 
This  was  gravely  said.  The  rest  of  the  interview  savored  of 
dulness,  and  was  rather  long,  Mr.  Canning  apparently  waiting 
for  the  nod  to  be  dismissed.  Something  was  said  about  the 
Turks  and  the  Greeks,  something  about  the  harvest  in  Eng 
land  wet  or  dry,  and  something  about  the  British  King's  visits 
to  Ireland  and  Hanover.  I  told  him  we  must  all  be  grateful  to 
Lord  Strangford  for  interposing  to  save  from  destruction  the 
relics  of  Athens. 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

As  we  retired,  Mr.  Canning  reminded  me  that  I  owed  him  four 
notes.  I  asked  him  if  that  about  the  Newfoundland  pirates  was 
one.  He  seemed  as  if  suddenly  to  recollect  himself  that  this 
was  a  fifth.  I  told  him  the  papers  had  been  with  the  Attorney- 
General  for  an  opinion,  which  I  hoped  would  enable  me  to  answer 
him  very  shortly.  He  spoke  of  the  seizure  of  some  of  our  ves 
sels  on  the  coast  of  Nova  Scotia  and  New  Brunswick,  upon  which 
he  said  he  was  sorry  to  be  informed  that  the  indulgence  which 
he  had  solicited  could  not  be  granted.  I  asked  him  if  he  had 
received  my  letter  about  Carleton  Island.  He  said  he  had. 

After  he  retired,  I  told  the  President  the  substance  of  the 
conversation  which  I  had  last  evening  with  the  French  Min 
ister,  at  which  he  was  much  surprised  and  quite  indignant.  I 
told  him  I  thought  it  would  require  a  modification  of  his  mes 
sage  to  Congress,  and  that  instead  of  saying,  as  he  had  pro 
posed,  that  with  the  exception  of  the  disagreement  upon  the 
commercial  negotiation  our  relations  with  France  are  friendly, 
it  would  be  necessary  to  refer  immediately  to  the  affair  of  the 
Apollon,  and  the  claim  under  the  Louisiana  Treaty,  and  to 
communicate  all  the  correspondence  upon  both.  I  considered 
this  explosion  of  De  Neuville's  as  offering  a  fair  opportunity 
for  both,  and  I  thought  it  fortunate  that  it  had  happened  before 
the  message  was  delivered ;  for  if  that  had  spoken  of  friendly 
relations  without  communicating  the  papers  on  those  two  sub 
jects,  and  immediately  afterwards  this  quarrel  had  burst  upon 
the  nation,  the  Administration  would  have  been  liable  to  the 
charge  of  having  suppressed  the  real  state  of  things. 

The  President  fixed  a  Cabinet  meeting  for  to-morrow  at 
eleven  o'clock,  and  concurred  in  the  opinion  that  all  the  papers 
must  be  communicated.  He  said  that  De  Neuville  had  once 
before  been  very  offensive  in  his  communications,  and  that  it 
had  been  all  but  determined  to  demand  his  recall.  He  added 
that  it  would  be  necessary  now  to  determine  what  course  to 
pursue.  If  Congress  should  be  of  opinion  we  had  been  wrong, 
it  might  be  proper  to  settle  what  concession  should  be  made. 
If  not,  we  shall  know  upon  what  ground  we  stand.  But  if  we 
should  make  any  concession,  he  would  instantly  demand  the 
recall  of  De  Neuville. 

VOL.  V. — 27 


4i  8  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.       [November, 

I  told  the  President  that  a  concession  that  we  were  wrong 
would  be  humiliating  enough,  but  it  would  be  worse  than  that. 
It  would  be  unjust.  I  had  a  firm  and  certainly  an  honest 
opinion  that  the  seizure  was  both  legal  and  right.  What  was 
most  embarrassing  to  me  was,  those  who  were  bound  in  duty 
to  support  our  cause  had  abandoned  or  betrayed  it.  Mr.  Craw 
ford,  in  a  report  to  Congress  last  winter,  had  seemed  to  give 
up  his  own  ground — for  the  Treasury  Order  of  6th  May,  1818, 
was  his  own  act  .  The  District  Attorney  in  Georgia,  on  the 
trial  of  the  vessel  for  the  seizure,  managed  the  cause  feebly, 
and  wrote  me  that  he  thought  the  seizure  could  not  be  de 
fended,  and  that  he  believed  the  District  Judge  was  of  the 
same  opinion  ;  and  Mr.  Gallatin  most  unaccountably  had  not 
only  taken  ground,  in  his  note  to  the  French  Government, 
totally  different  from  that  which  we  had  taken  ourselves,  but 
in  his  letter  to  me  had  given  me  distinctly  to  understand  that 
he  considered  his  own  ground  and  ours  equally  without 
foundation.  His  own  was  certainly  untenable,  not  only  for 
the  reason  assigned  by  him,  but  because  the  fact,  as  it  must  be 
proved  by  ourselves,  was  against  it.  These  were  discouraging 
circumstances,  and  increased  the  difficulties  of  the  case ;  but  I 
still  thought  the  argument  on  our  part  sound.  At  all  events, 
we  must  now  go  before  the  world  with  it. 

The  President  desired  me  to  send  him  the  most  material 
papers  of  the  case,  particularly  the  Treasury  Order  of  6th 
May,  1818,  and  to  bring  with  me  to-morrow  copies  of  the  two 
letters  of  G.  J.  F.  Clarke  to  James  G.  Forbes.  Mr.  Thompson, 
the  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  came  in  almost  immediately  after 
Mr.  Canning  went  away,  and  was  present  at  this  conversation 
with  the  President.  Mr.  Calhoun  called  at  the  office  with  a 
letter  from  Mr.  Cross,  proposing  a  distribution  of  the  public 
buildings  at  St.  Augustine,  which  he  desired  me  to  examine 
and  consider,  and  to  bring  with  me  to-morrow  to  the  Presi 
dent's.  I  told  Calhoun  of  the  scene  last  night  with  De  Neuville 
— at  which  he  was  somewhat  astonished.  I  stated  to  him  the 
grounds  of  our  vindication — the  law  defining  the  district  of 
St.  Mary's,  and  the  opinion  of  the  Supreme  Court  of  the  United 
States  in  the  case  of  Church  and  Hubbard,  which  I  read  to  him 


i82i.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

from  2  Cranch's  Reports,  232-236.  He  said  that  opinion  was 
very  strong  in  favor  of  the  principle,  and  that  our  case  was 
much  stronger  than  he  had  thought. 

27th.  There  was  a  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's  at  noon. 
All  present.  At  the  President's  request,  I  stated  the  circum 
stances  of  De  Neuville's  conversation  with  me  last  Sunday 
evening,  and  the  President  submitted  the  question,  how  the 
present  state  of  the  relations  with  France  was  to  be  noticed  in 
the  message.  The  Treasury  Order  of  6th  May,  1818,  and  the 
subsequent  correspondence,  were  read  ;  the  seizure  of  the  Apol- 
lon  was  stated;  and  that  part  of  the  French  Minister's  letter  of 
3d  August  last  which  related  to  this  case,  and  his  note  of  I5th 
October,  announcing  that  he  had  received  new  instructions 
from  his  Government  to  continue  the  negotiation  on  that  point 
separately  from  all  others. 

Mr.  Wirt,  who  had  not  been  present  at  the  former  meetings 
held  on  this  subject,  and  had  not  seen  the  voluminous  corre 
spondence  relating  to  it,  on  the  naked  fact  of  the  seizure  beyond 
the  limits  of  the  United  States  and  within  the  jurisdiction  of 
Spain,  strongly  expressed  an  opinion  against  the  legality  of  the 
seizure. 

Mr.  Thompson  inclined  the  same  way,  and,  after  the  passage 
in  Cranch's  Reports  had  been  read,  they  thought  that  it  recog 
nized  an  extension  of  jurisdiction  only  out  to  sea,  and  not  in  the 
case  of  a  river,  with  an  exclusive  adverse  jurisdiction  upon  the 
other  side.  But  in  the  case  of  the  Apollo  there  was  no  adverse 
jurisdiction  upon  the  other  side.  It  was  a  desert,  where  a  false 
pretence  of  a  spurious  port  was  made  for  the  express  purpose 
of  evading  the  laws  of  the  United  States.  The  discussion 
principally  turned  upon  this  point ;  but  when  the  material  cir 
cumstances  of  the  case  were  made  known  to  Mr.  Wirt,  he  said 
it  was  on  the  part  of  the  French  Minister  the  most  impudent 
thing  he  had  ever  heard  of  in  his  life. 

Still  the  point  recurred,  of  the  seizure  within  Spanish  juris 
diction.  Mr.  Calhoun  said  that  was  a  matter  for  us  to  settle 
with  Spain.  France  had  no  right  to  make  any  claim  upon  us 
for  that.  Mr.  Crawford  thought  she  had,  if  there  was  a  wrong 
done  to  French  subjects.  I  thought  so  too,  upon  broad  and 


420  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QU1NCY  ADAMS.        [November, 

liberal  principles,  though  I  observed  the  usual  practice  of 
nations  was  otherwise,  and  that  France  had  invariably  refused 
satisfaction  to  us  for  wrongs  done  to  us  by  her  privateers 
and  Consuls  within  Spanish  jurisdiction.  We  had  obtained 
satisfaction  for  them  from  Spain  by  the  late  treaty ;  but  never 
from  France. 

It  was  asked  whether  there  had  been  any  complaint  from 
the  Spanish  Minister  in  this  case.  I  said  there  had,  but  I  had 
answered  him,  and  sent  him  copies  of  the  Spanish  Vice-Consul 
Clarke's  two  private  letters,  disclosing  the  plot  against  the  laws 
and  revenues  of  the  United  States,  and  since  that  had  heard 
nothing  further  of  the  matter  from  him.  Calhoun  said  that  was 
a  complete  answer  to  Spain — and  the  answer  to  France  was  also 
complete. 

Various  modes  were  suggested  of  the  manner  in  which  the 
state  of  this  affair  should  be  made  known  to  Congress,  and 
there  seemed  a  general  agreement  that  it  should  be  by  a  short 
paragraph  in  the  message,  with  a  communication  of  all  the 
correspondence.  But  I  then  observed  that  the  publication  of 
this  correspondence  would  have  the  unavoidable  effect  of  ex 
citing  irritation  in  the  feelings  of  the  people  of  this  country 
against  France ;  that  it  might  probably  excite  temper  on  both 
sides,  and  possibly  the  time  might  come  when  De  Neuville 
would  complain  of  the  proclamation  to  the  world  of  our  dif 
ferences  upon  a  mere  confidential  conversation,  in  which  he, 
avowedly  spoke  only  of  his  private  opinion.  I  therefore  sug 
gested  whether,  after  the  message  and  all  the  documents  should 
be  prepared,  ready  to  be  sent  to  Congress,  it  would  not  be  well 
.that  I  should  send  for  De  Neuville  and  tell  him  that  the  Presi 
dent  had  prepared  his  message  to  Congress,  stating  that,  with 
the  exception  of  the  difficulties  of  the  commercial  negotiation, 
our  relations  with  France  were  entirely  amicable ;  that  after  the 
conversation  of  last  Sunday  it  was  impossible  for  him  to  say 
that;  he  proposed,  therefore,  to  mention  the  two  other  sub 
jects  in  discussion,  and  to  communicate  all  the  correspondence 
that  had  passed ;  but,  as  the  effect  of  this  publication  might 
be  to  increase  rather  than  to  allay  excitement,  I  was  directed 
to  inform  him  of  the  cause  of  the  publication,  that  he  might, 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

if  he  thought  proper,  avert  it,  by  further  explaining  himself  as 
to  what  he  meant  on  Sunday. 

Mr.  Crawford  said  that  this  reason  of  the  public  excitement 
which  must  be  occasioned  by  the  publication  was  a  strong 
motive  for  not  communicating  the  correspondence  with  the 
message — a  step  to  which  he  from  that  time  appeared  to  be 
strongly  averse. 

Mr.  Thompson  thought  there  was  danger  in  leaving  at  De 
Neuville's  option  whether  the  papers  should  be  communicated 
or  not,  for  he  might  unsay  all  his  threats  of  Sunday  to  parry 
the  publication,  and  then,  should  France  commit  reprisals,  the 
President  would  still  be  chargeable  with  having  suppressed  the 
real  danger  of  the  country.  He  thought,  therefore,  it  would 
be  best  that  I  should  write  to  De  Neuville  and  ask  him  to 
explain  himself  officially. 

I  said  that  De  Neuville's  call  upon  me  was  for  an  answer  to 
his  note  of  $d  August,  by  which  I  could  immediately  bring 
him  to  an  explicit  declaration.  But  he  had  told  me  that  his 
private  opinion  was  that  France  ought  to  declare  war  if  satis 
faction  was  not  made  to  her  in  the  cases  of  the  Apollon,  the 
Neptune,  and  the  Eugenie,  and  he  had  before  told  me  that  his 
Government  saw  those  things  in  the  same  light  that  he  did. 
I  was  apprehensive,  therefore,  that  by  provoking  a  reply  from 
him  now  it  would  be  a  peremptory  and  menacing  demand  of 
satisfaction ;  and  if  the  correspondence  to  be  sent  in  to  Con 
gress  should  close  with  such  a  paper  as  that,  the  shock  upon 
Congress  and  upon  the  public  mind  would  be  great  and  unex 
pected.  It  would  be  better  to  prepare  them  for  it  gradually. 

Crawford  said  he  believed  that  De  Neuville's  reply  would 
be  a  short  and  peremptory  demand  of  satisfaction;  that. he  had 
told  him  that  his  Government  viewed  the  outrage  upon  the 
honor  of  the  King  and  flag  in  a  much  more  aggravated  light 
than  he  did,  and  that  in  a  conversation  with  him  in  September, 
the  very  day  upon  which  Crawford  was  taken  sick,  De  Neuville 
had  told  him  that  France  must  have  satisfaction.  He  (Craw 
ford)  had  then  said,  Why,  what  will  she  do  ?  for,  as  we  have 
taken  our  ground  in  the  discussion,  it  cannot  be  expected  that 
we  should  retreat  from  it.  Upon  which  De  Neuville  had  said 


422  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [November, 

that  she  should  send  and  seize  two  or  three  Ame/ican  vessels 
at  Nice  or  Passages,  and  confiscate  them.  Crawford  said  he 
had  replied  that  she  would  surely  not  do  that.  As  he  was 
taken  ill  the  same  day,  he  had  not  informed  the  President  of 
this  conversation,  and  it  had  since  escaped  his  recollection. 

There  was  some  enquiry  whether  I  could  answer  his  note  of 
3d  August  so  as  to  draw  his  reply  in  season  to  be  communi 
cated  to  Congress  next  Tuesday. 

I  thought  not.  My  answer  must  be  a  long  one,  entering 
into  a  considerable  detail  of  facts,  to  which  he  would  also 
reply  in  detail,  even  if  he  should  conclude,  as  I  expected  he 
would,  with  a  peremptory  and  offensive  demand. 

Mr.  Crawford 'said  an  immediate  publication  might  make  us 
liable  to  a  charge  which  had  heretofore  been  brought  against  us, 
of  precipitately  publishing  negotiations  while  they  were  pending. 

I  said  that  did  not  appear  to  me  a  good  reason  for  with 
holding  the  publication,  but,  if  anything,  the  reverse.  We  had 
indeed  been  charged  with  precipitate  publication,  but  that  very 
publication  had  been  one  of  the  wisest  and  most  effective 
measures  ever  adopted  by  this  Government;  to  which  Mr. 
Crawford  assented.  I  acquiesced,  however,  in  the  determina 
tion  that  the  correspondence  should  not  be  communicated  with 
the  message,  but  with  the  understanding  that  it  shall  be  com 
municated  at  the  proper  time.  And  then  I  proposed  that  the 
two  private  letters  of  the  Spanish  Vice-Consul,  Clarke,  should 
be  placed  in  front,  as  furnishing  the  key  to  the  whole  contro 
versy.  I  had  mentioned  De  Neuville's  insinuation  that  the 
Treasury  Order  of  May  6th,  1818,  and  my  opinion  that  it  was 
applicable  to  the  case  of  the  Apollon,  ought  to  be  made  a 
subject  of  enquiry  in  Congress. 

Crawford  said  this  was  very  extraordinary.  The  Treasury 
Order  had  been  communicated  to  Congress  last  year.  But 
what  had  De  Neuville  to  do  with  any  proceedings  of  Congress 
in  the  case? 

I  said  it  had  appeared  to  me  so  extraordinary  that  I  had 
hesitated  whether  I  should  even  report  it.  He  had  said  it 
indistinctly,  and  might  disavow  or  explain  it  away.  But  he 
did  say  what  I  so  understood. 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  423 

Mr.  Crawford  seemed  to  be  desirous  that  the  whole  affair 
may  appear  to  have  grown  out  of  the  Act  of  Congress  of  I5th 
May,  1820 ;  and  it  certainly  was  an  efficient  cause.  The  primary 
one,  however,  was  the  Treasury  Order  of  6th  May,  1818;  and 
Crawford  does  appear  not  at  all  earnest  for  its  publication. 
He  is  less  confident  than  I  am  of  its  legality,  and  more  appre 
hensive  of  the  effect  of  public  discussion  upon  it.  I  am  not 
without  doubts  upon  that  bare  point  of  legality,  though  I  am 
fully  satisfied  that  every  sound  principle  of  reason  and  of  justice 
is  with  us. 

28th.  At  the  office  I  found  dispatches  from  A.  Gallatin,  of 
5th  October,  and  from  H.  Middleton,  of  I  ith  September,  partly 
both  in  cipher.  The  President  called  at  the  office,  and  desired 
me  to  go  over  to  his  house  to  meet  the  other  members  of  the 
Administration  who  were  already  there,  with  the  exception  of 
Mr.g  Crawford,  whom  he  would  immediately  call  upon.  I  left 
Mr.  Middleton's  P.S.  with  Mr.  Brent,  requesting  him  to  decipher 
and  send  it  over  to  the  President's,  and  took  Mr.  Gallatin's 
letter  and  his  cipher  over  with  me.  I  deciphered  the  part  of 
it  which  was  in  cipher  while  the  President  was  reading  the  dis 
patch  from  Gallatin  of  26th  September,  which  I  had  received 
and  sent  over  to  him  yesterday.  The  President  then  read  the 
paragraphs  he  had  drawn  up  since  yesterday,  mentioning  the 
state  of  the  negotiation  relative  to  the  Louisiana  Treaty  claim, 
and  to  the  cases  of  the  Apollon,  Neptune,  and  Eugenie.  They 
were  somewhat  in  detail ;  and  the  question  by  the  President 
was  whether  they  should  be  thus  stated,  or  briefly  by  a  para 
graph  of  a  few  lines.  No  objection  was  suggested  to  the 
paragraphs  as  the  President  had  written  them.  He  asked  if 
we  had  any  observations  to  make  on  them.  I  said  that  they 
dwelt  with  sufficient  proof  on  the  sentiment  that  France  had 
no  cause  of  complaint  against  us ;  but  the  real  fact  was  the 
reverse.  We  were  the  injured  party  from  the  beginning.  If 
that  position  could  be  assumed  rather  more  distinctly  and 
explicitly  by  an  additional  sentence,  it  might  be  useful. 

The  President  answered  that  what  he  had  said  bore  directly 
upon  the  French  Government.  It  was  expressed  in  a  con 
ciliatory  spirit.  He  had  stated  facts  from  which  the  inference 


424  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QU1NCY  ADAMS.        [November, 

could  not  fail  to  be  drawn  that  the  wrong  had  really  been 
done  to  us.  He  had  thought  it  better  to  leave  it  to  that  in 
ference  than  to  make  a  direct  charge  of  it. 

Mr.  Crawford  concurred  with  this  view.  He  thought  it 
decidedly  best  that  the  correspondence  should  not  be  com 
municated  now,  and  by  thus  presenting  the  facts  to  the  world 
possibly  France  herself  might  see  that  it  would  not  be  neces 
sary  nor  for  her  interest  to  push  us  to  extremities  on  these 
points.  If  she  should  persist,  however,  so  as  to  render  the 
publication  of  the  documents  necessary,  the  message  will  have 
already  stated  facts  upon  which  our  true  ground  as  the  injured 
party  may  be  consistently  asserted  and  maintained. 

The  President  said  that  his  object  was  to  put  France  as 
much  as  possible  in  the  wrong.  He  believed  that  \ve  could 
not  have  a  quarrel  with  any  one  member  of  the  Holy  Alli 
ance  without  bringing  down  the  whole  body  of  them  upon  us. 
They  all  hated  us  for  our  principles.  They  dreaded  the  effect 
of  our  example,  the  standing  refutation  of  their  doctrines  in 
our  prosperous  condition,  and  the  danger  to  themselves  in  our 
constantly  growing  power. 

Mr.  Calhoun  said  it  was  evidently  not  the  intention  of  the 
French  Government  to  agree  writh  us  upon  any  one  point. 

Mr.  Crawford  thought  they  did,  upon  the  commercial  negotia 
tion,  and  that  they  made  the  most  of  the  other  points  in  order 
to  bring  us  to  terms  upon  that.  But,  he  said,  the  quarrel  arose 
from  the  Act  of  Congress  of  I5th  May,  1820.  De  Neuville 
went  to  France  immediately  afterwards.  He  (Crawford)  had 
then  written  to  Gallatin  that  he  expected  De  Neuville's  repre 
sentations  would  be  unfavorable.  Mr.  Gallatin  had  answered 
him  that  they  had  really  been  so ;  that  before  he  came,  the 
French  Minister,  Pasquier,  had  shown  a  more  accommodating 
disposition.  But  De  Neuville  had  told  them  that  in  the  Act  of 
1 5th  May,  1820,  Congress  had  not  known  precisely  what  they 
were  about ;  that  the  Southern  members  were  against  it,  and 
that  at  the  next  session  it  would  be  repealed.  He  had  imagined 
all  this,  and  from  that  time  Baron  Pasquier  became  more  intract 
able  ;  and  De  Neuville  came  back  supposing  that  we  should 
immediately  yield  the  point. 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

Mr.  Thompson,  I  think,  said  France  could  not  possibly  have 
any  motive  for  going  to  war  with  us. 

Calhoun  said  the  French  Government  hated  us. 

The  President  said,  if  they  did  go  to  war  with  us,  he  believed 
we  should  overset  them  all. 

Mr.  Crawford  said  the  Ministry  were  now  very  strong;  they 
had  the  entire  control  of  the  legislative  bodies.  He  then 
handed  to  me  a  letter  which  he  had  just  received  from  General 
La  Fayette,  mentioning  the  fact  that  a  motion  had  been  made 
in  the  House  of  Peers,  at  the  last  session  of  the  legislature,  to 
arrest  and  prosecute  him  for  a  speech  made  by  him  in  the 
Chamber  of  Deputies.  Crawford  added  that  he  had  been  in 
formed  from  another  quarter  that  two  of  La  Fayette's  own 
nephews  had  voted  in  the  House  of  Peers  in  favor  of  the 
motion  to  arrest  him. 

La  Fayette,  in  the  letter,  requested  Crawford  to  show  it  to 
the  President  and  me,  and  added  that  he  intended  to  write  to 
us  both.  From  Mr.  Gallatin's  letters,  received  yesterday  and 
this  day,  it  appears  that  no  answer  had  been  given  to  his  note 
of  28th  June  upon  the  case  of  the  Apollon,  nor  had  it  even 
been  mentioned  to  him.  He  therefore  entertains  the  opinion 
that  this  point  will  be  pressed,  as  well  as  the  Louisiana  Treaty 
claim,  only  to  obtain  indemnity  for  the  damages  sustained  by 
Edou  and  the  parties  interested  in  the  voyages  of  the  Apollon, 
Neptune,  and  Eugenie,  and  to  obtain  commercial  concessions, 
or  make  a  set-off  for  claims  on  our  side. 

But  by  the  partly  ciphered  letter  of  5th  of  October  it  ap 
pears  that  Gallatin  had  had  a  conference,  at  Pasquier's  request, 
with  him  concerning  the  discriminating  duties ;  and  that  this, 
though  Pasquier  did  not  tell  him  so,  was  at  the  suggestion  of 
the  Russian  Ambassador,  who  had  manifested  some  uneasiness 
at  the  growing  alienation  between  the  United  States  and  France. 
The  French  Minister,  it  seems,  had  insinuated  to  the  Russian 
Ambassador  that  we  were  partial  to  Great  Britain  ;  the  hint  of 
which,  Gallatin  says,  must  have  come  from  America. 

(Crawford  made  upon  this  a  remark  perfectly  characteristic. 
He  said  he  supposed  De  Neuville  had  written  it  in  conse 
quence  of  my  answering,  when  he  pretended  to  regret  that  we 


426  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.       [November, 

could  not  agree  to  the  French  proposals  of  commerce,  because 
the  English  would  profit  by  it,  that  if  we  could  not  agree  to 
gether,  at  least  we  could  not  object  that  a  common  friend 
should  profit  by  it ;  and  the  English  were  our  common  friends. 

I  said  it  could  hardly  be  in  consequence  of  that.  For  this 
insinuation  of  our  partiality  to  England,  made  in  France  in 
September,  and  suspected  by  Mr.  Gallatin  to  have  then  come 
from  America,  could  hardly  be  in  consequence  of  what  I  said 
in  conversation  with  De  Neuville  not  a  fortnight  ago.  It  was 
on  the  1 5th  of  this  month ;  see  the  journal  of  that  day.1 

I  had  never  said  this  or  anything  like  it  to  De  Neuville 
before.  But,  said  Crawford,  it  was  before  last  Sunday.  I  said, 
yes.  This,  I  say,  was  characteristic.  Mr.  Crawford  had  first 
mistaken  entirely  the  time  when  I  had  made  the  remark  to  De 
Neuville,  and  then  had  built  upon  that  mistake  the  inference 
that  De  Neuville  had  in  consequence  of  it  charged  us  with 
partiality  to  the  English.  And  Crawford's  own  motive  was 
to  insinuate  that  my  observation  to  De  Neuville  was  a  "  mal- 
adresse,"  which  had  subjected  us  to  this  imputation.  And  if 
this  explanation  had  not  now  taken  place,  a  week  would  not 
have  passed  before  Crawford  would  have  told  in  confidence 
half  a  dozen  of  his  friends  the  whole  of  this  affair,  with  all  its 
misconceptions,  insinuations,  and  conjectures,  as  a  proof  of  my 
indiscretion.  All  this  is  "  par  parenthese.") 

Gallatin  says  that  he  assured  the  Russian  Ambassador  that 
our  partiality  was  directly  the  reverse  of  the  insinuation,  and 
in  favor  of  France.  Pasquier  told  Gallatin  that  they  should 
increase  the  duties  upon  our  cotton,  and  the  premium  upon 
importations  from  America;  upon  which  Gallatin  intended  to 
write  him  a  note.  Upon  the  whole,  there  is  evidence  nearly 
conclusive  of  a  disposition  inveterately  hostile  to  this  country 
in  the  French  Government,  and  I  am  convinced  it  is  approach 
ing  a  crisis.  I  suggested  a  wish  that,  as  the  correspondence 
was  not  to  be  communicated  with  the  message,  to  avoid  an 
immediate  call  for  the  papers  the  President  should  add  that, 
the  subject  being  still  under  negotiation,  they  would*  be  com- 

1  See  page  399  of  this  volume. 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

municatcd    in   the  course  of  the   session,  if  occasion   should 
require  ;  to  which  the  President  agreed. 

After  the  other  members  of  the  Administration  had  with 
drawn,  I  said  to  the  President  that  in  recommending  to  Con 
gress  a  review  of  our  whole  commercial  system,  I  had  under 
stood  him  to  say  that  his  own  opinion  was  that  it  ought  to  be 
maintained.  He  said  it  was.  I  observed  that  it  would  not  be 
necessary,  perhaps  not  proper,  that  in  the  message  he  should 
express  his  own  opinion.  It  might  be  advisable  to  leave  the 
deliberations  of  Congress  unbiassed.  But  I  thought  it  very 
important  that  if  any  member  of  Congress  should  be  desirous 
of  knowing  what  his  opinion  was,  there  should  be  neither  doubt 
nor  hesitation  concerning  it  I  would  confess  to  him  not  only 
that  I  thought  the  present  system  ought  to  be  maintained,  but 
that  it  was  of  the  utmost  importance  to  the  welfare  of  the  coun 
try  that  it  should  be  maintained.  A  liberal  principle  of  com 
mercial  intercourse  with  foreign  nations  was,  in  my  view,  one  of 
the  ingredients  of  our  national  independence  ;  it  originated  with 
our  national  existence;  it  had  then  been  established  as  a  funda 
mental  principle  of  our  relations  with  other  powers,  deliberately 
adopted  and  after  full  discussion ;  it  was  proclaimed  to  the 
world  in  our  first  treaty  with  France,  in  terms  certainly  inserted 
by  our  Ministers — I  suppose  by  Dr.  Franklin.  That  France 
should  have  subscribed  to  them  at  all  was  extraordinary ;  she 
had  never  spoken  such  language  in  any  treaty  before.  That 
principle  we  had  invariably  maintained  until  now.  Mr.  Jeffer 
son  had  re-asserted  it  in  his  report  to  Congress  in  1793.  The 
Act  of  3d  March,  1815,  offered  it  again  to  the  acceptance  of  all 
nations.  We  had  departed  from  it,  I  believe  for  the  first  time, 
in  this  negotiation  with  France,  by  acceding  to  a  principle  of 
discriminating  duties  to  operate  avowedly  against  ourselves. 
We  had  not  satisfied  France;  she  wanted  more  inequality.  To 
be  candid  with  him,  I  was  glad  she  had  not  accepted  our  offer. 
I  had  always  been  averse  to  making  it,  and  should  have  felt 
inexpressible  reluctance  in  signing  any  treaty  containing  it. 
France  was  now  giving  us  notice  that  she  intended  to  take 
further  measures  to  force  us  into  her  terms.  There  was  a 
diversity  of  opinion  in  Congress,  and  in  the  country,  upon  the 


428  .      MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.       [November, 

policy  of  persevering  in  our  policy,  and  I  had  taken  the  liberty 
of  making  these  remarks  to  him,  because  I  thought  it  not 
improbable  that  the  decision  of  Congress  might  be  what  his 
opinion  would  recommend.  He  said  it  should  not  upon  any 
proper  occasion  be  withheld. 

29th.  Morning  visits  from  Mr.  George  Hay  to  Mrs.  Adams, 
and  from  Mr.  John  W.  Taylor,  Speaker  of  the  House  of  Repre 
sentatives  at  the  last  session  of  Congress,  to  myself.  I  had  a 
free  conversation  with  him  of  about  an  hour  upon  political 
subjects,  at  the  close  of  which  he  made  me  an  explicit  offer  of 
confidential  intercourse  during  the  ensuing  session.  Taylor 
was  chosen  Speaker  last  year  after  an  unexampled  struggle  of 
twenty-three  ballots,  and  finally  obtained  it  only  by  pledging 
himself  to  some  of  his  colleagues  that  he  was  not  a  partisan 
of  De  Witt  Clinton.  When  he  went  home  in  the  spring,  his 
own  re-election  to  Congress  in  his  district  being  at  stake,  and 
Clinton's  friends  being  the  majority  there,  he  took  the  Clin- 
tonian  side  in  supporting  their  candidates  for  the  State  Legis 
lature.  Mr.  Calhoun  was  of  opinion  that  Taylor  was  partial 
against  the  Administration  and  in  coalition  with  the  Crawford 
and  Clay  parties,  and  that  he  did  much  mischief  by  the  ap 
pointment  of  unfriendly  committees.  As  a  great  majority  of 
the  New  York  delegation  to  the  ensuing  Congress  are  anti- 
Clintonians,  and  as  Calhoun  has  much  influence  over  many 
members  of  the  House,  it  is  certain  that  Taylor  will  not  be  re- 
elected  Speaker  unless  the  influence  both  of  the  President  and 
of  Calhoun  can  be  secured  in  his  favor  or  neutralized.  I  con 
sider  this  overture  from  him  as  a  promise  of  good  behavior  if 
he  should  be  chosen  Speaker,  and,  although  there  has  been 
some  obliquity  in  his  career,  I  do  not  think  that  he  ought  to 
have  the  affront  passed  upon  him  of  electing  another  Speaker. 
He  gave  me  to  understand  this  day  that  he  should  not  be  in 
favor  of  any  further  reduction  of  our  establishments;  that  he 
should  be  averse  to  any  new  loans ;  that  he  should  have  wished 
an  excise  upon  spirits  had  been  recommended,  and  that  he 
should  be  satisfied  with  partial  alterations  of  the  tariff  for  the 
benefit  of  the  manufacturers.  He  said  he  had  strongly  recom 
mended  to  Mr.  Baldwin  to  be  content  with  that  last  year, 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  429 

though  without  success.  I  accepted  his  offer  of  confidence, 
and  told  him  the  principal  substance  of  what  the  message  will 
be  in  relation  to  domestic  affairs. 

Mr.  Ironside  came  with  the  papers  relative  to  the  Newfound 
land  piracy  case,  which  I  had  left  with  Mr.  Brent,  and  he  with 
Mr.  Maury  to  transact  the  business  at  the  Treasury  Depart 
ment — but  nothing  was  done ;  Mr.  Crawford  having  objected 
that  the  officers  who  seized  the  vessel  had  a  claim  for  salvage. 
I  called  at  the  President's  with  the  papers,  which  I  read  to 
him.  The  vessel  belonged  to  Newfoundland ;  was  run  away 
with  by  the  captain,  who  brought  her  into  Mount  Desert. 
There,  she  was  seized  for  the  violation  of  our  revenue  laws. 
Mr.  Canning's  demand  is  that  she  should  be  restored  to  the 
owner,  as  having  been  stolen  from  him.  Mr.  Wirt's  opinion  is 
that  she  ought  to  be  restored,  with  permission  to  sell  what  has 
been  saved  of  her  cargo.  The  question  is,  in  what  form  the 
order  from  the  Executive  shall  issue.  The  President  was  him 
self  not  informed,  and  desired  me  to  consult  with  Mr.  Crawford 
and  Mr.  Wirt.  I  called  at  Wirt's  office,  and  enquired  of  him 
if  in  his  opinion  of  the  President's  power  to  remit  he  had 
reference  to  any  particular  Act  of  Congress.  He  said,  no,  but 
to  the  general  authority  granted  him  by  law.  I  then  went  to 
Mr.  Crawford's  office  and  consulted  with  him.  He  said  that  the 
officers  who  had  seized  the  vessel  had  represented  to  him  that 
they  had  a  heavy  claim  for  salvage.  The  seizure  had  been 
twice  made,  and  once  resisted.  There  had  even  been  a  man 
wounded  in  that  resistance.  The  Government  could  not 
release  that  claim  of  individual  right.  But  he  would  write  to 
the  Collector  and  the  District  Attorney  to-morrow,  directing 
the  discharge  of  all  prosecution  on  public  account,  and  author 
izing  the  sale  of  the  cargo,  if  consisting  of  goods  not  pro 
hibited  (I  said  I  supposed  the  cargo  was  fish;  the  sale  of 
which,  he  said,  was  not  prohibited),  and  he  would  send  me 
to-morrow  the  letters  of  the  Collector,  to  enable  me  to  reply 
to  Mr.  Canning.  This  affair  occupied  so  much  of  the  day  that 
I  had  not  time  left  for  writing. 

While  I  was  at  the  President's,  he  asked  me  if  I  did  not 
think  Mr.  Middleton  ought  to  be  immediately  instructed  to 


430  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.       [November, 

propose  and  negotiate  a  commercial  treaty  with  Russia.  He 
thought  that  by  taking  advantage  of  the  Emperor's  ill  humor 
with  England  we  might  secure  to  ourselves  all  the  advantages 
of  commerce  which  the  English  have  heretofore  enjoyed. 

He  said  this  in  consequence  of  the  ciphered  dispatch  received 
yesterday  from  Mr.  Middleton.  It  was  read  at  the  Cabinet 
meeting  without  any  material  remark  being  made  upon  it.  I 
now  told  the  President  that  Middleton  must  undoubtedly  be 
instructed  with  reference  to  his  ciphered  dispatch.  But  as  to 
a  treaty  of  commerce,  it  would  be  well  to  authorize  him  to 
talk  about  it  rather  in  the  way  of  receiving  than  of  making 
proposals.  One  of  the  persons  of  the  Emperor's  household 
had  urged  him  to  propose  a  commercial  treaty,  saying  that  our 
former  overtures  to  that  effect  had  been  defeated  by  English 
influence;  that  now  was  a  more  favorable  time;  that  Nessel- 
rode  would  in  the  first  instance  say  no,  but  upon  being  pressed 
would  yield ;  that  our  squadron  in  the  Mediterranean  might 
aid  the  Emperor's  cause,  which  would  be  that  of  the  Greeks ; 
that  the  Emperor's  movements  of  hostility  would  commence 
in  February,  and  that  Austria,  and  perhaps  England,  had  made 
an  alliance  with  the  Turks  against  Russia. 

Now,  the  object  of  this  was  apparent,  to  bring   us   into   a 

political  connection  with  the  Emperor.     Our  squadron  in  the 

Mediterranean  was  its  object.     A  commercial  treaty  was  the 

.  lure.     But  we  were  supposed  to  be  anxiously  desirous  for  such 

<    a  treaty.     Our  true  policy  was  to  be  always  willing  and  ready 

\  to  treat  of  commerce  with  Russia,  and  rather  desiring  it ;  be- 

\  cause  that  desire  would  always  be  received  as  a  mark  of  esteem 

land  respect ;  but  we  can  really  obtain  nothing  from  Russia  of 

Wny  importance  in  a  commercial  treaty.     She  has  no  discrim- 

\nating  duties,  no  colonial    monopolies  to   remove.     All    the 

trade  between  us  is  carried  on  in  our  vessels.     She  imports 

from  us  sugar,  coffee,  and  raw  cotton  without  heavy  duties; 

and  all  we  could  possibly  obtain  would  be  a  trifling  reduction 

of  them.     For  everything  thus  obtained  an  equivalent  would 

be  exacted,  and  that  would  now  evidently  be  political.     I  knew 

the   Emperor  Alexander  had   a  rooted    personal  aversion   to 

commercial  treaties,  considering  them,  as  they  really  were,  un- 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

congenial  to  the  policy  of  Russia.  He  had  always  refused  to 
renew  the  old  commercial  treaty  with  Great  Britain,  and  always 
hitherto  declined  a  treaty  with  us.  If  he  had  now  changed 
his  mind,  we  should  soon  discover  that  for  any  advantage  he 
might  be  disposed  to  yield  he  would  claim  for  equivalent  more 
than  it  would  be  worth. 

The  President  said  he  would  on  no  consideration  whatever 
get  into  any  political  entanglement  with  Russia. 

I  also  mentioned  to  the  President  that  in  the  draft  of  the 
message  that  he  had  read  yesterday  there  was  some  obser 
vation  tending  to  excuse  the  captain  of  the  Apollon,  which  I 
wished  him  to  reconsider.  The  captain  certainly  did  not  de 
serve  it,  and  I  was  apprehensive  that  in  the  discussion  unfair 
advantage  would  be  taken  of  the  concession. 

He  said  he  would  immediately  look  to  it. 

3<Dth.  Morning  visits  from  Colonel  R.  M.  Johnson,  a  Senator 
from  Kentucky,  from  his  brother,  John  T.  Johnson,  S.  H.  Wood- 
son,  and  J.  Speed  Smith,  members  of  the  House  of  Represent 
atives,  also  from  that  State,  and  from  Mr.  Dickinson,  of  New 
York,  with  whom  I  had  conversation  upon  the  prospect  of 
election  of  a  Speaker.  He  said  there  was  a  majority  of  the 
New  York  delegation  who  had  determined  not  to  vote  for 
Taylor.  They  had  held  a  caucus  at  the  city  of  New  York,  on 
the  way,  and  had  so  resolved.  They  considered  Taylor's  con 
duct  as  marked  so  strongly  by  duplicity  last  year  that  they 
would  on  no  account  vote  for  him,  but  they  had  not  determined 
for  whom  they  would  vote ;  but  there  were  eleven  members 
from  the  State  who  might  be  prevailed  upon  to  vote  for  Taylor 
if  they  were  convinced  that  he  would  be  sincerely  friendly  to 
the  Administration. 

I  told  Dickinson  that  I  had  never  on  any  occasion  spoken 
to  a  member  of  Congress  upon  the  choice  of  a  Speaker,  before 
or  pending  an  election.  But  if  the  question  was  to  turn  upon 
the  friendliness  of  the  Speaker  to  the  Administration,  I  had 
reason  to  expect  that  Mr.  Taylor  would  be  friendly — as  friendly 
as  the  Administration  could  wish,  and  as  would  be  consistent 
with  his  independence.  And  from  various  important  political 
considerations  I  wished  Mr.  Taylor  might  be  re-elected.  The 


432  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.       [November, 

choice  of  another  now  would  be  passing  an  affront  upon  him. 
It  would  cast  some  discredit  upon  the  State  of  New  York,  and 
would  have  the  appearance  of  bringing  into  the  councils  of  the 
Union  the  unfortunate  internal  dissensions  of  the  State  of  New 
York. 

Dickinson  said  that  his  own  disposition  was  the  same ;  he 
thought  Mr.  Taylor  had  not  been  fair  towards  the  Administra 
tion  in  his  appointments  of  committees  last  year,  but  he  had 
positively  disclaimed  all  intentional  hostility  in  those  appoint 
ments,  and  he  hoped  he  would  not  pursue  a  course  of  hostility 
now.  I  told  Mr.  Dickinson  I  would  see  him  again  upon  the 
subject  before  Monday. 

On  calling  at  the  President's  I  found  the  deputation  of  Indians 
were  there.  The  President  took  leave  of  them  and  withdrew  to 
his  Cabinet,  whither  I  followed  him.  I  mentioned  to  him  the 
conversations  which  I  had  had  with  Mr.  Taylor  and  Mr.  Dick 
inson,  and  asked  him  whether  he  thought  it  advisable  to  express 
any  opinion,  or  take  any  part,  relative  to  the  choice  of  a  Speaker. 

He  said  he  believed  the  proper  course  would  be  to  take  no 
part  in  it  at  all. 

I  suggested  to  him  the  reasons  upon  which  I  thought  a 
change  would  be  a  public  inconvenience. 

He  said  he  would  think  of  it,  and  give  me  a  final  answer  to 
morrow.  The  President  also  spoke  to  me  of  the  attacks  upon 
him  by  General  Armstrong,  in  the  fifth  and  sixth  numbers  of 
the  Philosophical  and  Literary  Repository.  He  said  he  had 
not  read  them.  He  had  received  letters  from  several  of  his 
friends  advising  that  notice  should  be  taken  of  them.  He  had 
really  not  thought  it  worth  his  while  to  get  involved  in  con 
troversy  with  a  man  about  whom  the  public  opinion  of  this 
country  was  already  made  up  and  had  placed  him  so  exactly 
where  he  ought  to  be.  But  he  had  collected  a  number  of  docu 
ments  relating  to  the  Louisiana  negotiation,  which  he  had 
meant  to  leave  for  his  children,  and  which  he  would  show  to 
me.  He  said  that  precisely  at  the  time  when  he  had  arrived 
at  Paris,  Napoleon,  being  then  First  Consul,  came  of  his  own 
will  to  the  determination  of  selling  the  whole  of  Louisiana 
to  the  United  States.  He  determined  also  to  employ  in 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

this  negotiation  Marbois  instead  of  Talleyrand ;  ostensibly 
because  it  was  a  fiscal  concern  for  raising  money,  but  really 
on  account  of  the  scandal  incurred  by  Talleyrand  in  a  prior 
negotiation  with  American  Envoys.  For  this  determination 
of  Bonaparte's,  Mr.  Monroe  said  he  neither  did  nor  ever  had 
claimed  any  merit  whatsoever.  But  before  he  arrived  at  Paris 
he  had  received  a  letter  from  Mr.  Livingston  entirely  dis 
couraging  as  to  the  prospects  of  the  negotiation.  The  same 
night  that  he  arrived  at  Paris  he  spent  the  evening  with  Mr. 
Livingston,  and  Colonel  John  Mercer  was  present,  and  took 
minutes  of  the  conversation  which  passed.  Mr.  Livingston 
asked  him  if  he  had  read  the  correspondence  which  had  been 
transmitted  to  the  Department  of  State  before  he  (Mr.  Monroe) 
had  left  America.  He  had.  Would  he  wish  to  see  the  sub 
sequent  part  of  it,  until  his  own  arrival  at  Paris?  He  would. 
Then  he  would  send  him  his  letter-book  containing  it ;  which 
he  did.  The  last  letter  was  one  from  Talleyrand,  received 
while  Mr.  Monroe  was  on  his  passage  to  France,  and  totally 
declining  any  negotiation  for  Louisiana.  The  actual  negotia 
tion  commenced  almost  immediately  afterwards,  and  was  no 
sooner  concluded  than  the  same  kind  of  reports  were  circulated 
among  the  Americans  in  Paris  as  Armstrong  is  now  endeavor 
ing  to  propagate.  Mr.  Monroe,  before  proceeding  to  England, 
told  Mr.  Livingston  that  he  desired  to  have  copies  of  that  cor 
respondence  which  had  passed  before  his  arrival  in  France; 
and  accordingly  the  book  was  sent  to  him ;  but  that  last  de 
clining  letter  of  Talleyrand's  was  not  with  it.  Mr.  Monroe  then 
went  to  Mr.  Livingston,  reminded  him  of  that  particular  letter, 
and,  after  some  awkward  apology  from  him,  it  was  actually 
produced.  Mr.  Monroe  had  a  copy  of  it  made,  which  he  kept. 
Afterwards,  when  he  came  home,  and  into  the  Department  of 
State,  he  found  that  a  copy  of  this  identical  letter  had  in  the 
first  instance  been  withheld,  and  never  sent  to  the  Department 
until  after  his  copy  of  it  had  been  taken  and  was  in  his  posses 
sion.  The  old  man,  he  said,  had  used  these  means  to  secure 
to  himself  the  credit  of  the  whole  negotiation.  Two  years 
ago,  when  he  (Mr.  Monroe)  was  at  Pittsburg,  an  address  had 
been  presented  to  him,  in  which  this  Louisiana  negotiation  was 
VOL.  v. — 28 


434  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.         [December, 

brought  into  view.  In  his  answer  he  had  thought  it  proper  to 
refer  the  transaction  to  the  Administration,  adding  that  a  full 
portion  of  credit  had  been  due. 

The  turn  that  Armstrong  had  given  to  this  concession  was 
to  represent  the  compliment  in  the  address  as  too  gross  even 
for  him  to  swallow  entire,  and  his  acknowledgment  that  part  of 
the  credit  was  due  to  another,  as  equivalent  to  the  proof  that 
none  was  due  to  himself.  As  to  credit,  he  claimed  none. 
Bonaparte's  resolution  to  sell  was  dictated  by  the  circum 
stances  of  the  times.  He  would  take  no  step  to  affect  the 
credit  of  a  man  who  was  dead,  who  was  a  man  of  talents  and 
had  rendered  services  to  the  country.  He  should  only  hold 
it  his  duty  to  see  that  correct  statements  of  the  facts  should 
be  preserved.  As  to  Mr.  Armstrong,  when  Mr.  Madison  pro 
posed  to  bring  him  into  the  Administration  he  had  opposed  it, 
because  he  had  no  confidence  in  him.  But  at  that  time  a  mili 
tary  man  was  wanted  at  the  head  of  the  War  Department,  and 
when  Mr.  Madison  concluded  to  appoint  Armstrong,  he  (Mon 
roe)  told  Mr.  Madison  that  he  would  harmonize  with  him  to 
support  the  Administration. 

I  told  the  President  that  I  had  seen  the  publications  of  Mr. 
Armstrong ;  that  very  little  notice  of  them  had  been  taken  by 
the  public — their  interest  was  merely  historical.  I  thought 
with  him  that  it  was  neither  necessary  for  him  nor  worthy  of 
him  to  enter  into  controversy  with  Armstrong.  With  regard 
to  the  facts,  I  should  be  happy  to  receive  any  communication 
from  him  at  his  convenience. 

December  ist.  Mr.  Calhoun  called  this  morning  at  my  house, 
and  I  consulted  him  with  regard  to  the  election  of  a  Speaker. 
Found  him  very  decidedly  against  Taylor,  but  not  decided 
whom  to  support  in  his  stead.  He  did  not  expect  Mr. 
Lowndes  would  be  here,  and,  if  here,  did  not  believe  he  would 
consent  to  be  a  candidate:  he  had  been  too  much  mortified 
at  his  failure  last  year.  Nelson  would  be  friendly  to  the  Ad 
ministration,  but  the  principal  objection  to  him  was  his  being 
a  Virginian.  There  was  already  an  inordinate  proportion  of  citi 
zens  of  that  State  in  all  the  Departments  of  the  Government. 
But  as  to  Taylor,  a  large  majority  of  the  New  York  delegation 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE. 

would  not  only  vote  against  him,  but  would  be  much  dissatis 
fied  if  there  should  be  any  movement  of  the  Administration  in 
his  favor.  And  it  would  not  only  indispose  them,  but  almost 
the  whole  of  the  Pennsylvania  delegation  too.  I  urged  the  ill 
example  of  changing  the  Speaker  on  mere  grounds  of  party 
personality;  that  it  has  hitherto  been  unexampled  since  the 
existence  of  the  present  Constitution  ;  the  mischief  of  bringing 
into  the  Government  of  the  Union  the  squabbling  of  New  York 
State  politics.  He  replied  by  insisting  on  the  unnatural  aspect 
of  the  Administration  supporting  one,  who  at  least  had  always 
acted  as  its  enemy,  against  those  who  had  been  its  warm  and 
steady  friends.  I  found  him  so  fixed  that  it  was  of  no  avail 
to  press  him  further  upon  the  point.  He  said  he  thought  the 
field  of  attack  upon  the  Administration  would  this  session  be 
narrowed.  He  is  more  sanguine  of  the  increase  of  the  revenue 
next  year  than  I  am,  and  spoke  with  the  utmost  confidence  of 
having  four  millions  in  the  Treasury  at  the  end  of  the  year, 
after  all  its  expenditures  paid.  I  told  him  I  could  only  hope  it 
would  so  turn  out. 

Dr.  Watkins,  who  borrowed  of  me  Park  and  Marshall  and 
the  French  Marine  Ordinance  upon  Insurance,  came.  He  said 
he  had  a  letter  from  Mr.  Tazewell  in  answer  to  his  queries, 
from  the  purport  of  which  he  inferred  that  Tazewell  adhered 
to  his  opinions.  He  had  no  answer  from  Judge  White,  though 
he  ha'd  written  him  five  letters.  He  also  told  me  that  Baptis 
Irvine  since  he  parted  from  Elliot  had  repeatedly  been  to  him 
and  expressed  the  friendliness  of  his  disposition  to  me  and  his 
readiness  to  serve  my  political  advancement. 

I  told  Watkins  that  if  I  had  any  objects  to  promote  by  pur 
chasing  the  editor  of  a  newspaper,  Mr.  Irvine  was  not  worth 
buying.  If  management  of  that  kind  <were  consistent  with 
my  principles,  which  it  was  not,  and  if  I  had  the  talent  for 
it,  which  I  have  not,  and  if  I  thought  Irvine  worth  purchasing 
for  anything,  I  would  pay  him  to  write  for  my  competitor.  I 
did  believe  Irvine  to  be  at  bottom  an  honest  man.  But  he 
was  a  foreigner;  he  had  no  American  conceptions,  and  did  not 
know  the  way  to  American  hearts.  His  ideas  were  confused, 
his  opinions  Quixotic,  and  his  principles  my  aversion;  especially 


436  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [December, 

those  which  he  has  most  stubbornly  and  odiously  maintained 
against  the  Supreme  Court  of  the  United  States.  Far  from 
buying  him,  therefore,  I  would  not  accept  him  as  a  gift.  I 
want  no  supporter  who  holds  his  principles.  His  natural 
market  is  elsewhere. 

Upon  a  summons  from  the  President,  I  attended  a  Cabinet 
meeting  at  his  house  at  two  o'clock.  It  was  to  read  the  whole 
message,  almost  all  the  separate  parts  of  which  had  been  re 
peatedly  read  and  discussed  before.  All  present  except  Mr. 
Wirt,  who  was  indisposed.  After  the  reading,  various  remarks 
were  made,  some  by  Mr.  Crawford,  and  some  by  me,  upon 
which  slight  alterations,  corrections,  and  additions  were  made. 
The  President  then  asked  if  it  should  be  read  by  paragraphs ; 
but  that  was  deemed  unnecessary.  There  was  a  general  acqui 
escence  in  the  whole  message. 

After  the  other  members  of  the  Administration  had  with 
drawn,  the  President  told  me  that  he  had  concluded  to  take  no 
part  whatsoever  in  the  election  of  the  Speaker;  that  he  had  given 
and  should  give  no  opinion  on  any  side,  and  he  had  enjoined  as 
strongly  as  he  could  both  upon  Mr.  Hay  and  Mr.  Gouverneur, 
both  of  whom  were,  however,  quite  independent  of  him,  yet  he 
had  enjoined  upon  them  to  say  nothing  upon  the  subject  to  any 
one.  I  told  him  that  under  the  circumstances  I  should  do  the 
same;  would  inform  Mr.  Dickinson  of  it,  and  also,  if  he  pleased, 
communicate  it  to  Mr.  Taylor  himself;  to  which  he  assented. 

I  then  read  to  the  President  the  letter  received  this  day  from 
General  Jackson,  with  the  enclosed  papers  against  Judge  Fro- 
mentin,  upon  which  I  told  him  that  it  would  deserve  considera 
tion  whether  some  modification  of  that  part  of  the  message 
which  related  to  the  difference  between  Jackson  and  Fromen- 
tin  should  not  be  made.  As  it  stood,  it  placed  them  both  on 
a  level,  giving  them  both  credit  for  upright  intentions,  and 
expressed  no  censure  of  either.  I  thought  they  did  not  stand 
upon  a  level,  and  that  they  ought  not  to  be  represented  in  the 
same  light.  He  directed  me  to  send  these  papers  round  to  the 
other  members  of  the  Administration,  and  said  we  would  meet 
again  upon  it.  I  asked  him  if  they  should  be  sent  to  Mr. 
Crawford.  He  said,  at  first,  yes ;  but  afterwards,  recollecting 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

himself,  said  no — Mr.  Crawford  having  been  ill  when  the  papers 
were  formerly  considered,  and  not  having  seen  them. 

I  gave  the  papers  to  Mr.  Brent,  desiring  him  to  take  them  to 
Mr.  Calhoun ;  to  point  his  attention  to  a  certificate  of  Colonel 
Butler,  confirming  in  the  strongest  terms  a  certificate  before 
given  by  Dr.  Bronaugh,  the  truth  of  which  Fromentin  had 
most  explicitly  denied  ;  and  to  request  him  after  perusal  of  the 
papers  to  pass  them  over  to  Judge  Thompson. 

2d.  I  received  this  morning  a  note  from  the  President,  asking 
for  the  papers  received  yesterday  from  General  Jackson  con 
cerning  Judge  Fromentin,  and  for  other  papers  heretofore 
received  from  both.  I  answered  that  I  had,  according  to  his 
directions,  sent  those  received  yesterday  to  Mr.  Calhoun ;  and 
that  the  rest  were  at  the  office,  which  was  closed;  but  that  I 
would  take  measures  to  have  them  all  sent  to  him  in  the  course 
of  the  day  or  early  to-morrow  morning. 

Mr.  Dickinson  called  upon  me,  and  I  told  him  of  the  Presi 
dent's  determination  to  take  no  part  whatever  in  the  election 
of  the  Speaker.  He  said  that  the  majority  of  the  New  York 
delegation  had  now  come  to  their  determination.  They  would 
support  Mr.  Rodney,  and  if  they  could  not  succeed  with  him 
they  were  to  take  up  Mr.  McLane,  both  members  from  Dela 
ware.  This  was  in  consequence  of  an  interview  between  a 
deputation  from  the  majority  of  the  delegation  and  the  Secre 
tary  of  the  Navy,  who  was  exceedingly  inveterate  against  Mr. 
Taylor,  and  approved  of  the  other  nominations.  But,  he  said, 
the  Southern  members  were  not  for  supporting  Rodney,  be 
cause  they  considered  him  as  a  Clayite. 

I  called  on  J.  W.  Taylor  at  his  lodgings,  and  found  him  in 
his  chamber,  apparently  under  some  agitation.  After  some 
conversation  upon  the  census  and  the  publication  of  the  secret 
journals  of  the  old  Congress,  and  some  accidents  which  have 
befallen  some  of  the  members  of  the  New  York  delegation  on 
their  way,  he  asked  me  if  I  knew  whether  Mr.  Rodney  had 
arrived. 

I  did  not ;  but,  perceiving  the  drift  of  the  question,  I  told 
him  that  I  understood  Rodney  was  to  be  his  competitor  to 
morrow. 


438  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [December, 

He  said  he  had  just  now  for  the  first  time  been  so  informed; 
and  that  he  understood  Mr.  Rodney  was  the  candidate  favored 
at  Washington.  I  said  that  if  by  Washington  he  meant  the 
Administration  of  the  General  Government,  so  far  as  I  was 
personally  concerned  in  it,  Mr.  Rodney  was  not  my  favored 
candidate.  As  far  as  I  had  a  right  to  any  preference,  it  had 
been  in  his  favor,  because  he  had  been  the  Speaker  before,  and 
because  a  question  of  re-election  was  different  from  a  question 
of  election  for  the  first  time.  I  added  that,  in  consequence  of 
our  conversation  when  he  had  called  upon  me  the  other  day,  I 
had  expressed  these  sentiments  to  the  President,  but  had  been 
assured  by  him  that  he  had  taken,  and  should  take,  no  part 
whatever  in  the  election,  considering  it  on  principle  improper 
for  the  Executive  to  interfere  in  the  choice  of  a  Speaker  of  the 
House. 

He  said  he  approved  of  the  principle;  but  that  the  members 
who  could  be  influenced  by  such  motives  would  be  told  that 
Mr.  Rodney  was  the  person  the  choice  of  whom  would  be  ac 
ceptable  to  the  Administration,  while  others  would  be  excited 
against  him  (Taylor)  on  pretence  that  he  was  a  Clintonian. 

I  said  I  was  apprehensive  that  if  there  should  be  a  strong 
opposition  to  him,  it  would  arise  chiefly  from  his  own  State 
and  its  delegation. 

He  said  they  would  be  about  equally  divided.  He  had  been 
called  falsely  a  Clintonian.  He  had  for  the  last  three  years 
had  no  personal  intercourse  with  Mr.  Clinton.  He  had  been 
no  partisan,  because  between  the  two  divisions  of  the  Repub 
lican  party  he  had  seen  no  difference  of  principle.  He  had 
until  his  last  election  been  supported  by  all  the  Republicans 
of  his  district,  without  reference  to  State  parties.  Last  spring 
there  had  been  a  bucktail  caucus  in  his  district,  who  had 
agreed  to  nominate  him,  together  with  an  Assembly  ticket 
of  their  own.  But  the  Clintonians,  being  quicker  than  their 
adversaries,  had  a  meeting,  and  actually  nominated  him  with 
their  Assembly  ticket ;  upon  which  the  other  party  got  up  an 
opponent  to  him,  a  Mr.  Schoonhoven,  who  had  through  the 
whole  of  the  war,  and  until  very  lately,  been  a  Federalist,  but 
had  now  become  a  Republican. 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

I  said  there  had  been  an  impression  that  in  his  appointment 
of  committees  last  year  he  had  manifested  unfriendliness  to 
the  Administration.  I  had  no  complaint  of  that  sort  to  make 
myself,  but  other  Departments  perhaps  had. 

He  declared  he  had  never  appointed  a  committee  or  a  chair 
man  with  any  such  feeling.  That  the  committees  of  the  second 
session  of  every  Congress  were  usually  the  same  as  those  of 
the  first  session.  He  had  found  them  all  appointed  by  his  pre 
decessor.  The  Chairman  of  the  Naval  Committee  had,  indeed, 
been  changed.  Mr.  Silsbee,  the  former  Chairman,  could  not 
be  appointed,  because  he  was  not  here  at  the  commencement 
of  the  session  when  the  standing  committees  were  appointed. 
Mr.  Barbour,  the  Chairman  appointed  in  Silsbee's  stead,  had, 
indeed,  views  in  relation  to  the  navy  which  he  (Taylor)  did 
not  approve,  but  he  had  not  known  them  when  he  appointed 
him,  and  the  whole  committee  was  so  far  from  countenancing 
him,  that  Barbour  had  complained  that  he  had  given  him  a 
committee  with  which  he  could  do  nothing.  And  in  fact  the 
committee  would  not  report  Barbour's  project;  but  he  was 
obliged  to  bring  it  forward  in  his  own  name.  Of  the  Military 
Committee  he  gave  an  account  equally  direct,  to  disprove  any 
hostile  feeling  on  his  part  to  the  Administration,  and  he  said 
he  had  been  much  surprised  at  the  first  intimation  that  such  a 
sentiment  was  entertained.  As  to  his  personal  feelings  towards 
Mr.  Monroe,  they  had  been  indicated  in  the  year  1816,  by  the 
part  in  his  favor  which  he  had  taken  when  the  contest  was 
between  Mr.  Monroe  and  Mr.  Crawford.  At  that  time  certain 
resolutions  had  been  passed  by  the  Republican  members  of  the 
New  York  Legislature,  at  Albany,  under  the  influence  and  at 
the  instigation  of  Mr.  Van  Buren,  which  he  happened  to  have 
in  his  trunk,  and  would  read  to  me ;  which  he  did.  They  were 
most  earnest  resolutions  against  the  election  of  another  Vir 
ginian  President,  and  a  recommendation  equally  earnest  of 
D.  D.  Tompkins  for  that  high  office.  Taylor  said  he  had  de 
clined  supporting  these  opinions,  and  had  written  in  answer  to 
the  resolutions,  that,  with  all  possible  respect  for  Mr.  Tomp- 
kins's  character  and  services,  it  was  impossible  to  present  him 
as  a  candidate  for  the  Presidency  with  any  chance  of  success. 


440  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [December, 

And  he  had  been  told  that  when  this  his  answer  had  been 
made  known  to  Mr.  Tompkins,  he  had  said  it  was  because 
Taylor  himself  did  not  wish  for  his  success.  He  then  repeated 
the  account  which  he  had  given  me  last  year  of  what  he  had 
understood  as  a  promise  from  Mr.  Monroe  of  the  appointment 
of  District  Judge  for  the  Northern  District  of  New  York,  and 
of  his  disappointment  when,  without  any  notice  to  him,  as  had 
been  promised,  and  a  few  days  before  the  session  commenced, 
Mr.  Skinner  had  been  appointed.  He  had  been  told  that  the 
Vice-President  and  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy  had  made  interest 
against  him.  But  General  Van  Ness  had  assured  him  that  the 
President  had  told  him  there  had  been  no  opposition  to  Taylor 
through  them. 

I  said  I  knew  not  what  had  been  the  President's  determining 
motive,  other  than  as  he  had  said  to  me — it  was  because  Skinner 
had  been  the  District  Attorney,  and  it  was  in  the  usual  routine 
of  promotion. 

Taylor  said  it  was  now  past,  and  he  thought  no  more  about 
it.  Taylor  told  me  he  doubted  whether  the  Vice-President 
would  be  here  this  winter.  I  said  I  thought  he  could  not 
avoid  coming.  He  said  he  had  thought  so  too.  But  a  friend 
of  the  Vice-President's  had  told  him  he  thought  he  would  not 
come.  It  would  at  first  be  said  he  would  be  here  after  the 
holidays.  Then  he  would  be  said  to  be  in  ill  health,  and  per 
haps,  as  there  was  last  year,  a  certificate  from  surgeons  will  be 
procured,  declaring  that  the  state  of  his  health  will  not  admit 
of  his  coming.  This  will  last  till  about  April;  and  then,  the 
session  being  near  its  close,  for  a  very  few  days  it  will  not  be 
worth  while  to  come.  He  says  there  is  nothing  for  him  to  do 
here,  and  any  other  man  may  preside  in  the  Senate  as  well. as  he. 

3d.  At  eleven  o'clock  I  attended  at  the  President's,  where 
I  found  Messrs.  Calhoun  and  Thompson.  The  question  upon 
the  paragraph  of  the  message  relating  to  the  altercation  be 
tween  General  Jackson  and  Judge  Fromentin  at  Pensacola  was 
submitted.  I  had  suggested  that  after  the  papers  received  on 
Saturday,  the  paragraph  in  the  message  which  gave  them  both 
equal  credit  for  integrity  of  motive  and  intention  could  not  be 
sustained. 


i82i.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

I  now  observed  that  it  put  them  both  upon  a  level,  which  I 
thought  could  not  with  justice  be  done.  Their  conduct  was 
widely  different  with  reference  both  to  morals  and  political 
principle.  Jackson,  even  if  he  had  erred,  had  only  supported 
with  an  excess  of  energy  the  cause  of  justice  and  humanity. 
Fromentin,  whatever  his  motives  were,  supported  by  his  inter 
ference  the  cause  of  fraud  and  perfidy.  Jackson  had  never 
for  a  moment  doubted  his  own  right  to  act  as  he  did.  Fro- 
mentin's  course  had  been  weak,  inconsistent,  wavering,  and  full 
of  prevarication. 

Judge  Thompson  said  he  had  not  been  present  at  the  former 
meetings  on  these  subjects,  and  had  not  read  the  former  papers. 
But  he  had  hitherto  considered  their  conduct  as  standing  upon 
the  same  grounds;  that  Fromentin  had  mistaken  his  powers  in 
issuing  the  writ  of  habeas  corpus,  and  Jackson  his,  in  summon 
ing  Fromentin  before  him;  but  that  their  motives  had  been 
equally  upright. 

I  read  several  passages  from  Fromentin's  own  letters,  to 
show  the  unsteadiness  and  shifting  character  of  his  own  state 
ments,  for  all  of  which,  however,  Mr.  Thompson  successively 
found  apologies. 

The  President  read  three  several  drafts  of  paragraphs  to  be 
substituted  for  that  which  had  first  been  prepared,  and  a  ques 
tion  arose  whether  it  would  not  be  best  to  say  nothing  of  Fro 
mentin.  It  was  agreed  that  the  message  in  regard  to  Fromentin 
should  be  shaped  according  to  the  previous  determination  of 
the  President,  whether  he  would  or  would  not  renominate  him 
to  the  Senate  for  the  permanent  appointment  of  Judge. 

I  said  that  I  had  fully  made  up  my  mind  that  he  ought  not 
to  be  renominated. 

Mr.  Calhoun  said  if  he  should  not  be  nominated  the  public 
opinion  would  universally  be  that  it  was  because  he  had  issued 
the  writ  of  habeas  corpus.  It  would  have  the  appearance  of 
taking  the  side  of  General  Jackson  upon  that  point,  which  he 
thought  would  injure  the  reputation  of  the  Government.  If 
he  should  not  be  nominated,  it  would  be  absolutely  necessary 
to  bring  the  whole  correspondence  both  of  Jackson  and  Fro 
mentin  before  the  public,  to  which  Mr.  Calhoun  said  he  had 


442  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   Q_UINCY  ADAMS.       [December, 

the  most  extreme  aversion.  He  thought,  therefore,  that  the 
President  should  nominate  Fromentin,  and  then  send  confiden 
tially  the  whole  correspondence  to  the  Senate,  that  if  they  saw 
fit  they  might  reject  him.  Calhoun  seemed  to  have  an  absolute 
horror  at  the  idea  of  the  publication  of  the  correspondence. 

I  said  that,  in  the  first  place,  I  did  not  believe  it  would  be 
possible  to  suppress  the  correspondence.  Probably  not  a  week 
would  pass  over  before  there  would  be  a  call  from  the  House 
of  Representatives  for  documents  relative  to  the  habeas  corpus 
affair,  and  then  they  must  all  come  out.  And,  secondly,  it 
would  not  be  consistent  with  the  spirit  of  our  Constitution  that 
the  President  should  nominate  to  the  Senate,  in  the  expectation 
that  they  will  reject  him,  a  man  whom  the  President  would  not 
appoint  if  the  absolute  appointment  were  in  himself.  I  knew 
of  no  possible  case  in  which  it  would  be  right  for  the  President 
to  nominate  a  man  intending  him  to  be  rejected.  If  the  case 
be  clear  against  the  man,  he  ought  on  no  account  to  be  nomi 
nated  ;  if  doubtful,  the  President  ought  not  to  throw  upon  the 
Senate  the  responsibility  of  rejecting  which  he  would  decline 
to  assume  himself. 

Calhoun  disputed  the  principle ;  distinguished  between  a  new 
appointment  and  a  re-appointment ;  thought  the  spirit  of  the 
permanent  tenure  of  judicial  office  made  a  nomination  after  a 
temporary  appointment  almost  compulsory.  He  spoke  of  the 
general  spirit  of  the  Constitution  as  leaning  towards  the  opinion 
of  referring  appointments  to  the  decision  of  numerous  bodies 
of  men. 

I  thought  this  altogether  unsound  political  doctrine,  and 
referred  to  an  expression  of  opinion  lately  published  in  a  letter 
of  Mr.  Jefferson,  of  the  great  danger  arising  from  the  perma 
nent  tenure  of  judicial  offices. 

Calhoun  said  he  thought  himself  that  Judges  ought  in  certain 
cases  to  be  removable  otherwise  than  by  impeachment.  But 
while  the  Constitution  remains  as  it  is,  he  would  execute  it  in 
its  spirit. 

I  said  the  necessity  of  renomination  was  as  much  in  the 
spirit  of  the  Constitution  as  the  permanent  tenure  of  judicial 
office ;  and  if  it  afforded  even  a  partial  remedy  for  the  danger 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  443 

of  indefeasible  office,  it  should  rather  be  cherished  than  coun 
teracted. 

Judge  Thompson  gave  no  opinion  upon  this  question  of 
renomination ;  and  the  President  said  he  would  keep  it  open ; 
desiring  more  information  before  he  should  decide.  No  positive 
preference  was  declared  for  either  of  the  paragraphs  prepared 
as  substitutes  for  that  which  is  to  be  altered;-  but  from  the 
discussion  the  President  will  form  his  own  determination. 

At  the  suggestion  of  Mr.  Thompson,  he  had  also  prepared  a 
paragraph  to  close  the  message  with  a  sentiment  of  religious 
gratitude — a  sentiment  perfectly  proper  in  itself,  and  which  I 
too  strongly  approved  to  object  against  it.  But  I  did  not 
earnestly  recommend  it,  precisely  because  the  motive  alleged 
for  it  was  its  expediency  or  effect  upon  the  public  opinion. 
The  President  said  he  usually  had  introduced  such  a  passage, 
and  Mr.  Thompson  thought  the  message  would  in  the  opinion 
of  many  persons  be  thought  exceptionable  without  it. 

There  was  something  said  about  the  prospects  of  war  be 
tween  Russia  and  Turkey  in  Europe,  and  something  about  the 
recent  revolution  in  Mexico.  Upon  both  these  incidents  in  the 
history  of  these  times  I  thought  our  information  too  scanty 
and  too  much  derived  from  newspapers  to  require  or  authorize 
anything  to  be  said  in  the  message  concerning  them. 

After  Calhoun  and  Thompson  had  withdrawn,  I  told  the 
President  the  substance  of  the  conversation  which  I  had  yes 
terday  with  J.  W.  Taylor,  and  of  my  assurance  to  him  that  the 
President  would  not  in  any  manner  interfere  with  the  election 
of  Speaker.  I  told  him  that  Taylor  had  declared  his  approba 
tion  of  the  principle,  but  said  the  argument  would  undoubtedly 
be  used  to  influence  votes,  that  another  member  would  be  more 
acceptable  to  the  Administration;  and  I  said  there  certainly 
had  been  some  Executive  influence  exercised ;  for  a  deputation 
of  New  York  members  had  been  in  concert  with  Judge  Thomp 
son,  and  agreed  to  vote  not  only  against  Taylor,  but  for  Mr. 
Rodney. 

The  President  said  he  had  never  had  a  single  word  upon  the 
subject.  He  had  no  doubt  there  was  something  of  the  New 
York  politics  in  it.  He  said  that  he  had  strictly  enjoined  upon 


MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [December, 

Mr.  Hay  and  Mr.  Gouverneur  to  say  nothing  about  it,  though 
they  were  both  independent  of  him.  He  had  spoken  upon  the 
subject  only  with  Mr.  Calhoun. 

The  President  also  showed  me  the  papers  which  he  had 
mentioned  to  me  last  Friday.  They  were — i.  A  letter  from 
Talleyrand  to  Livingston,  dated  22d  March,  1803,  most  ex 
plicitly  declaring  that  the  First  Consul  was  determined  to  keep 
and  to  colonize  Louisiana;  with  a  sophistical  argument,  a  grave 
persiflage,  to  show  that  it  would  tend  to  promote  harmony  and 
good  understanding  with  the  United  States.  2.  A  letter  from 
Mr.  Livingston  to  Mr.  Monroe,  dated  loth  April,  1803,  a^~ 
dressed  to  him  at  Havre  after  his  arrival  there  from  America, 
and,  he  says,  not  received  until  after  he  reached  Paris.  In 
this  letter  Livingston  speaks  with  the  utmost  despondency  of 
the  chances  of  the  negotiation,  and  laments  that  Ross's  resolu 
tions  had  not  passed.1  Lastly,  minutes  of  the  journal  of  John 
Mercer,  who  was  with  Mr.  Monroe  as  his  Secretary.  The 
minutes  commence  with  their  arrival  at  Havre,  and  continue 
till  after  their  arrival  at  Paris,  which  was  on  the  1 2th  of  April. 
That  evening  Mr.  Monroe  spent  with  Mr.  Livingston ;  Mercer 
was  present,  and  kept  minutes  of  what  was  said  by  Livingston. 
It  was  in  the  same  desponding  style  and  the  same  regret  that 
Ross's  resolutions  had  not  passed  as  in  the  letter. 

Now,  the  pretence  in  Armstrong's  publication  is  that  on  this 
very  I2th  of  April  the  proposal  for  the  sale  of  all  Louisiana 
had  already  been  made  by  Talleyrand  to  Livingston,  and  the 
dilemma  upon  the  reputation  of  Livingston  is  of  having  dis 
sembled  with  his  colleague  and  withheld  from  him  the  knowl 
edge  of  the  change  in  the  determination  of  the  French  Gov 
ernment,  and  of  his  conversation  of  the  nth  of  April  with 
Talleyrand,  or  of  disingenuously  attempting  to  show  that  the 
whole  business  was  transacted  in  substance  before  Mr.  Monroe 
arrived. 

This  is  Armstrong's  argument ;  and,  as  the  cunning  of  am 
bition  deals  more  in  equivocations,  concealments,  and  evasions 
than  in  direct  forgeries  and  falsehoods,  the  conclusion  I  have 
drawn  from  the  counter-statements  on  both  sides  is,  that  the 

1  In  the  Senate  of  the  United  States. 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

determination  of  the  French  Government  to  sell  was  taken 
before  Mr.  Monroe's  arrival  at  Paris;  that  there  was  a  conver 
sation  between  Talleyrand  and  Livingston  concerning  it  on  the 
nth  of  April,  which  Livingston  reported  to  the  Secretary  of 
State,  but  not  to  Mr.  Monroe.  His  motive  for  withholding  it 
and  for  continuing  to  represent  the  chances  of  success  as  des 
perate,  when  he  had  on  the  same  day  written  to  the  Secretary 
of  State  that  the  resolution  to  sell  had  been  taken  in  the  Coun 
cil  on  the  Qth,  cannot  be  classed  among  the  magnanimous 
impulses  to  action. 

Mr.  Monroe  disclaims  all  pretension  of  having  had  any 
agency  in  producing  the  determination  of  the  French  Gov 
ernment  ;  but  he  charges  Livingston  with  unfair  dealing  in 
pursuit  of  the  object  of  engrossing  to  himself  the  whole  merit 
of  the  Louisiana  purchase. 

Mr.  Poletica,  the  Russian  Minister,  with  Baron  de  Maltitz, 
his  new  Secretary  of  Legation,  came  to  the  office.  Poletica 
has  just  returned  to  the  city.  He  told  me  that  he  had  a 
number  of  papers  to  communicate  to  me  some  day  when  I 
should  be  at  leisure,  among  the  rest  a  summary  of  the  recent 
negotiation  between  his  Government  and  the  Porte.  He  said 
the  Emperor  Alexander  was  not  pleased  at  the  interference  of 
others  in  this  negotiation,  and  there  was  especially  a  demand 
of  the  Porte  that  Russia  should  deliver  up  certain  fugitives,  to 
which  it  was  impossible  the  Emperor  should  ever  agree.  He 
said  I  should  also  see  among  the  papers  a  note  from  Lord 
Castlereagh,  expressing  every  sentiment  which  was  contained 
in  the  Laybach  circular,  and  against  which  the  British  Gov 
ernment  afterwards  protested.  Mr.  Poletica  likewise  assured 
me  that  he  had  no  agency  in  the  recent  publication  in  the 
newspapers  of  the  Emperor  Alexander's  rescript  honorary  to 
himself.  He  had  not  received  the  original  till  his  return 
here ;  the  translation  in  the  newspapers  had  been  published  by 
Mr.  Lewis,  and  was  not  correct.  It  was  due  as  delicacy  from 
him  to  this  Government  to  mention  this  fact. 

This  day  commenced  the  first  session  of  the  Seventeenth 
Congress ;  there  was  a  quorum  formed  of  both  Houses ;  there 
were  seven  ballots  for  a  Speaker  in  the  House  of  Representa- 


446  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [December, 

tives  without  effecting  a  choice ;  about  sixty  votes  for  Taylor ; 
upwards  of  a  hundred  against  him  —  running  for  Rodney, 
McLane,  and  others. 

4th.  Mr.  Canning,  whom  I  had  appointed  to  meet  at  one 
o'clock,  came,  and  was  with  me  nearly  three  hours,  conversing 
on  a  great  variety  of  subjects  in  a  manner  entirely  desultory. 
His  first  object  was  to  explain  to  me  how  two  American 
vessels,  seized  on  the  borders  of  the  province  of  New  Bruns 
wick  for  smuggling,  and  which  he,  upon  an  application  from 
this  Government  for  indulgence,  had  recommended  to  the 
Governors  of  New  Brunswick  and  Nova  Scotia  for  it,  had 
been  condemned  and  sold. 

I  also  read  to  him  the  papers  transmitted  to  this  Govern 
ment  concerning  the  Caroline,  a  vessel  tried  likewise  at  St. 
Andrew's,  in  New  Brunswick,  and  those  relating  to  the  Fame, 
a  vessel  on  trial  in  our  own  Courts.  All  these  cases  turn  upon 
the  question  of  the  bordering  line  between  Moose  Island  and 
Campo  Bello.  The  question  of  transcending  the  proper  terri 
torial  jurisdiction  to  execute  revenue  laws  was  also  involved  in 
them. 

Upon  the  identity  or  similitude  of  rolled  and  hammered  iron 
there  was  also  much  said.  He  insists  they  are  the  same,  and  I 
know  not  how  to  prove  the  contrary.  I  promised  him  to  look 
into  the  subject  and  answer  his  notes,  and  said  if,  upon  ex 
amination,  it  should  be  found  practicable,  the  President  would 
recommend  it  by  a  message  to  Congress.  Of  the  Newfound 
land  pirates,  Mr.  Canning  seemed  not  entirely  satisfied  with  the 
order  to  restore  the  vessel  and  cargo,  subject  to  the  claim  of 
salvage  for  the  officers  of  the  customs.  He  said  he  had  under 
stood  salvage  was  granted  only  in  cases  of  wrecks  or  of  recap 
tures  at  sea.  I  told  him  the  claim  and  its  amount  would  both 
be  subject  to  the  decision  of  the  Court.  They  were  private 
and  individual  rights,  which  the  Government  could  not  of  right 
release.  On  the  case  of  Carleton  Island,  he  asked  a  number  of 
questions  in  relation  to  the  possession  and  the  time  when  it 
had  been  taken  by  us.  I  told  him  the  circumstances  as  they 
were  known  to  us.  He  seemed  anxious  to  find  some  apology 
for  the  seizure  from  Kingston.  I  told  him  our  complaint  was 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  447 

of  the  disturbance  by  force  of  the  actual  state  of  things  while 
the  negotiation  was  pending,  and  that  the  Governor  of  New 
York  had  positively  proposed  a  battle  if  there  should  come 
another  excursion  from  Kingston  ;  but  that  the  President  had 
cooled  his  martial  ardor  for  the  present.  He  said  it  was  no 
doubt  a  process  against  smugglers.  I  said  if  they  meant  to 
recover  possession  under  the  treaty,  they  should  have  de 
manded  it,  as  we  had  done  in  the  case  of  the  post  at  the  mouth 
of  Columbia  River.  He  said  that  in  that  case  Mr.  Bagot  had 
complained  that  we  dispatched  the  ship  without  giving  notice. 
And  yet,  I  said,  we  had  made  the  formal  demand  of  restora 
tion  more  than  two  years  before.  We  have,  therefore,  a  much 
stronger  cause  of  complaint  than  could  be  alleged  by  Mr. 
Bagot. 

He  spoke  about  the  slave-trade,  and  asked  me  if  I  had 
seen  a  letter  from  Sir  George  Collier,  recently  published  in  the 
newspapers.  I  had,  but  made  no  remark  upon  it.  He  asked 
if  we  had  any  cruiser  upon  the  African  coast  now.  I  said,  the 
same  Lieutenant  Stockton  who  had  captured  the  four  French 
schooners.  He  asked  if  we  could  not  so  accommodate  our 
naval  arrangements  as  to  increase  our  force  there.  I  said  I 
could  not  exactly  say;  but  our  force  was  sufficient  to  banish 
our  flag  from  the  whole  coast.  There  had  not  been  found  for 
these  two  years  a  single  slave-trader  wearing  the  American 
flag.  I  asked  him  if  he  recollected  the  hint  I  had  given  him 
last  spring  to  propose  to  his  Government  to  advise  their  ally 
the  King  of  Denmark  to  look  a  little  at  what  was  going  on 
at  his  island  of  St.  Thomas.  He  said,  certainly,  and  he  had 
availed  himself  of  it.  I  said  I  had  seen  in  our  newspapers 
within  these  two  days  a  notice  from  Copenhagen  that  the  late 
Governor  of  St.  Thomas,  Bentzon,  had  been  convicted  of  slave- 
trade  participation  and  sentenced  to  pay  a  heavy  fine.  Can 
ning  said  it  might  very  probably  be  the  result  of  our  former 
conversation. 

I  told  him  we  had  almost  got  into  a  quarrel  with  France 
about  these  captures  of  Lieutenant  Stockton.  The  French 
authorities  in  the  West  Indies,  and  the  French  Minister  here, 
were  all  on  fire  about  the  outrage  upon  the  French  flag,  and 


448  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [December, 

they  had  sent  me  volumes  of  testimony  given  by  the  slave- 
traders  themselves,  to  prove  Lieutenant  Stockton  was  a  pirate. 
Not  only  so,  but  the  French  Minister,  with  a  lofty  tone,  main 
tained  that  these  vessels  were  engaged  in  lawful  trade — greatly 
injured  persons.  Three  of  the  four  vessels  were  recaptured 
upon  their  prize  crews.  Two  of  them  went  back,  not  to  Gua- 
daloupe,  but  to  French  Guyana,  and  there  trumped  up  this 
story  of  interruption  in  their  lawful  trade  by  the  pirate  Stock 
ton.  The  third  is  brought  into  Boston,  and  the  French  Minister 
peremptorily  demands  that  she  should  be  delivered  up  to  the 
French  Consul  or  to  her  owners,  and  in  one  of  his  notes  to 
me  says,  "  Le  sort  du  quatrieme  n'est  pas  encore  connu."  I 
had  told  the  Baron  de  Neuville  that  I  could  inform  him  what 
that  "sort"  was.  She  returned  to  the  coast  of  Africa,  took  in 
her  pre-engaged  cargo  of  one  hundred  and  fifty  slaves,  and 
carried  them  and  landed  them  in  the  face  of  day  at  Guadaloupe, 
with  Lieutenant  Inman  and  the  prize  crew  from  whom  the 
vessel  had  been  recaptured  .all  the  time  on  board.  Canning 
said  he  hoped  these  facts  would  be  made  known  to  the  world. 
I  assured  him  that  indeed  they  should.  He  said  that  De  Neu 
ville  himself  professed  to  be  very  earnest  for  the  suppression  of 
the  slave-trade,  but  he  was  against  allowing  the  right  of  search. 
Yet  he  admitted  that  it  was  the  most  effectual  means  that  could 
be  adopted  for  the  suppression ;  and  he  (Canning)  thought  we 
should  ultimately  be  convinced  of  the  necessity  of  coming 
into  it. 

I  said  that  was  impossible.  There  were  objections  of  the 
most  serious  nature  against  the  thing  itself  in  any  shape;  but 
unless  Britain  would  bind  herself  by  an  article,  as  strong  and 
explicit  as  language  can  make  it,  never  again  in  time  of  war  to 
take  a  man  from  an  American  vessel,  we  never  for  a  moment 
could  listen  to  a  proposal  for  allowing  a  right  of  search  in. time 
of  peace. 

He  asked  me,  in  a  half-bantering  tone,  whether  I  had  not  in 
tended  last  winter  to  make  some  such  proposal  to  him.  I  told 
him  no.  We  had  exhausted  negotiation  in  endeavoring  to 
make  an  arrangement  with  Great  Britain  on  the  subject  of  im 
pressment.  We  had  failed,  and  were  not  desirous  of  obtaining 


iS2i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

the  object  by  indirect  means.  The  proposal  must  come  from 
them,  if  they  were  prepared  for  it.  We  merely  refused  to  admit 
a  right  of  search  in  time  of  peace.  On  this  principle,  too,  we 
should  give  up  the  French  vessel  at  Boston,  at  the  demand  of 
the  French  Minister;  at  least  the  Executive  had  so  advised  the 
Circuit  Court.  There  has  been  a  trial  before  that  Court;  but 
the  main  question  was,  whether  there  were  any  of  our  citizens 
interested  in  the  slave  vessel ;  of  that  there  was  no  evidence 
except  the  very  slight  presumption  arising  from  the  fact  that 
she  had  been  built  in  the  United  States. 

He  asked  me  if  at  the  time  of  our  former  discussions  I  had 
not  seen  the  decision  of  Sir  William  Scott  in  the  case  of  the 
Louis.  I  told  him,  no  ;  I  had  not  seen  it  until  the  case  of  this 
French  vessel  had  arisen.  He  was  surprised  at  this,  and  said 
he  regretted  not  having  communicated  it  to  me.  I  asked  him 
what  was  the  passage  of  Blackstone  to  which  he  had  referred 
on  the  application  to  deliver  up  the  Newfoundland  pirates.  He 
said  it  would  be  found  in  the  index,  under  the  title  of  Habeas 
Corpus.  We  examined  both  Tucker's  and  Christian's  Black- 
stone,  but  did  not  find  it.  He  said  he  would  send  me  a  minute 
of  it. 

We  discussed  the  whole  subject  over  again,  and  he  dwelt 
much  upon  the  actual  delivery  of  the  men  charged  with  murder 
and  forgery  by  the  Governor  of  Canada  to  the  Governors  of 
New  York  and  Vermont.  I  told  him  that  might  give  a  claim 
to  reciprocity  from  the  Governors  of  those  two  States.  It  was 
at  their  demand,  and  not  that  of  the  United  States,  that  the  men 
were  delivered  up.  A  similar  demand  might  be  made  of  those 
two  Governors.  Perhaps  they  might  possess  the  authority — as 
bordering  States,  they  were  more  interested  than  others  in  the 
exercise  of  it.  It  was  the  power  to  deliver  up  which  was  con 
sidered  as  wanting  to  the  President. 

We  had  also  much  talk  upon  European  affairs — Russia, 
Turkey,  and  Greece.  I  told  him  I  still  thought,  as  I  had  here 
tofore,  that  England  would  not  permit  Russia  to  go  to  war.  It 
was  apparent  that  she  was  effectually  interposing  to  prevent  it ; 
but  how  they  would  let  off  the  Emperor  Alexander  without 
humiliating  him  seemed  likely  to  make  a  difficulty,  and,  after 

VOL.  V. — 29 


450  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.        [December, 

Strogonoff's  open  breaking  up  at  Constantinople,  the  Emperor 
could  hardly  recede  without  humiliation. 

Canning  said  he  had  been  long  at  Constantinople  himself, 
and  knew  how  the  Russian  diplomatic  men  treated  habitually 
the  Turkish  Government,  which  was  by  no  means  courteously. 
They  were  much  accustomed  to  threaten  them ;  and  hard 
words  did  not  carry  the  consequence  there  which  they  did 
elsewhere.  He  asked  what  part  France  appeared  to  take  in 
this  turmoil. 

I  said  it  was  apparent  that  France  did  not  lead,  and,  as 
she  had  heretofore  been  very  much  accustomed  to  lead,  she 
might  probably  now  not  be  disposed  to  follow  the  lead  of 
others.  All  the  Turkish  notes  were  said  to  be  written  by 
Lord  Strangford.  Austria  was  said  also  to  take  part  with  the 
Turks.  But  of  the  French  mission  at  Constantinople  not  a 
word  was  said. 

At  the  close  of  this  conversation,  Canning  told  me  that  he 
had  left  dispatches  at  home  unopened,  which  came  by  the 
packet.  It  appeared  to  me  that  he  came  for  the  purpose  of 
gathering  materials  for  a  dispatch.  He  kept  up  his  habitual 
reserve  and  caution  in  withholding  all  opinions  of  his  own, 
and  pursued  as  usual  with  great  earnestness  the  discovery  of 
my  opinions. 

The  President  told  me  that  the  House  of  Representatives 
had  chosen  Mr.  Philip  P.  Barbour,  of  Virginia,  their  Speaker. 
He  was  a  new  candidate,  started  this  morning,  and  came  in  at 
the  twelfth  ballot,  by  a  vote  of  eighty-eight  upon  one  hundred 
and  seventy-three. 

loth.  I  received  letters  with  enclosures  both  from  General 
Jackson  and  Judge  Fromentin,  concerning  the  late  transactions 
at  Pensacola.  I  took  all  these  papers  over  to  the  President, 
and  again  strenuously  urged  him  not  to  nominate  Judge  Fro 
mentin  to  the  Senate  as  the  Judge  under  the  new  Territorial 
Government. 

The  President  said  the  nomination  could  not  be  made  till  the 
Act  for  reorganizing  the  Territorial  Government  should  have 
passed,  which  would  certainly  not  be  within  two  months ;  and 
he  again  manifested  a  strong  desire  for  the  suppression  of  all 


1 82 1.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  45  x 

these  documents — the  letters  both  of  General  Jackson  and  of 
Judge  Fromentin. 

I  told  him  I  thought  it  would  be  impossible.  And  I  said 
that  upon  the  whole  review  of  Fromentin's  conduct,  I  thought, 
without  imputing  corrupt  motives  to  him,  that  it  proved  him 
incompetent  on  the  score  even  of  law  knowledge  to  hold  the 
office  of  Judge  of  the  United  States;  and  I  detailed  the  par 
ticulars  of  his  conduct,  and  the  weakness  of  his  arguments  in 
defence  of  it,  upon  which  I  had  drawn  the  conclusion. 

i  ith.  Mr.  Dickinson  spoke  to  me  concerning  the  choice  of  a 
Speaker.  Calhoun  and  Thompson,  and  their  friends,  prevented 
the  election  of  Taylor.  But  the  Southern  men  would  not  vote 
for  Rodney,  and  others  would  not  vote  for  McLane.  All  parties 
were  mortified  by  the  result — even  the  Virginians,  he  says;  in 
which  I  think  he  is  mistaken.  But  this  is  certain  :  that  the 
new  Speaker  has  given  extensive  dissatisfaction  by  his  appoint 
ment  of  committees,  and  Dickinson  says  there  is  already  more 
dissension  in  the  House  than  there  was  in  the  whole  of  the  last 
Congress. 

I  made  a  draft  of  a  message  to  send  with  the  secret  journals 
of  the  old  Congress,  which  I  took  to  the  President,  together 
with  the  dispatches  received  last  Sunday  from  J.  Forsyth  at 
Madrid.  At  the  President's  I  found  Mr.  Calhoun  and  Mr. 
Thompson.  They  had  the  annual  report  of  the  Secretary  of 
the  Treasury  under  revision — a  new  thing.  This  report  is 
made  directly  from  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury  to  Congress, 
and  during  this  Administration  has  hitherto  not  even  been 
communicated  to  the  President  before  it  was  sent  in.  The 
consequence  of  which  was  that  last  year  it  presented  a  view  of 
the  finances  quite  at  variance  with  that  exhibited  in  the  message 
— a  circumstance  seized  with  avidity  and  used  with  eagerness 
against  the  Administration.  To  guard  against  it  this  year,  the 
President  desired  Mr.  Crawford  himself  to  draft  the  paragraphs, 
in  the  message,  relating  to  the  finances;  which  he  did ;  and  now 
his  own  report  was  submitted  for  revision.  There  is  no  infor 
mation  in  it  except  what  was  already  in  the  message.  One 
weak  point  in  it  will  probably  give  rise  to  some  discussion. 
There  is  a  deficiency  of  about  one  million  of  dollars  in  the 


452  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.       [December, 

supplies  of  the  year,  which  he  relies  will  not  be  missed,  because 
all  the  expenditures  of  the  year  are  not  demanded  within  the 
year.  It  will  not  be  called  for  at  the  Treasury  until  some  time  in 
the  course  of  the  year  ensuing,  and,  as  the  supplies  of  that  year 
are  expected  to  be  superabundant,  the  reliance  is  that  the  defi 
ciency  of  this  year  will  be  made  up  by  the  excess  of  the  next. 

Mr.  Calhoun  was  suggesting  to  the  President  a  paragraph  to 
be  added  to  the  report  displaying  this  expectation  in  more 
explicit  terms.  There  is  in  the  report  much  coquetting  with 
the  manufacturing  interest,  but  it  contains  no  definite  views  of 
any  utility,  and  its  principal  lever  for  raising  the  revenue  is  to 
raise  the  duties  of  various  articles  paying  fifteen  and  twenty 
per  cent,  ad  valorem  to  twenty-five.  Calhoun  and  Thompson 
were  joking  about  the  new  Speaker  and  his  committees,  which 
they  thought  as  ill  chosen  and  as  ill  sorted  as  they  could  have 
been  if  drawn  by  lot.  I  told  them  they  had  truly  done  them 
selves  good  service  by  changing  the  Speaker. 

1 4th.  At  noon  I  went  to  the  Capitol,  and  attended  in  the 
Senate-chamber  at  the  funeral  service  upon  Colonel  Trimble.1 
Mr.  Ryland,  the  Chaplain  of  the  Senate,  was  delivering  a  dis 
course,  and  was  nearly  at  the  close  when  I  arrived.  There 
was  a  detachment  of  the  marine  corps,  who  joined  the  proces 
sion  for  the  military  honors.  A  large  proportion  of  both 
Houses  of  Congress  attended.  I  did  not  go  to  the  graveyard, 
but  called  at  Dowson's  and  left  a  card  for  Mr.  Jonathan  Rus 
sell.  Eustis  went  with  me,  and  told  me  that  he  had  been  asked 
by  Mr.  Wood,  of  New  York,  what  misunderstanding  there  was 
between  Russell  and  me.  Eustis  asked  me  if  there  was  any 
thing.  I  said,  not  to  my  knowledge — unless  Mr.  Russell  was 
dissatisfied  at  not  having  had  a  new  appointment  to  a  mission 
abroad,  and  imputed  to  me  that  none  had  been  offered.  Eustis 
said  it  might  be  that. 

1 8th.  At  the  President's,  I  took  over  my  draft  of  a  letter  to 
the  Baron  Hyde  de  Neuville,  in  reply  to  his  of  3d  August,  on 
the  case  of  the  Apollon.  The  President  appeared  to  be  a  little 
alarmed  at  a  confidential  letter  that  he  had  received  from  Charles 
Ingersoll  at  Philadelphia,  informing  him  that  the  Spanish  Min- 

1  William  A.  Trimble,  a  Senator  from  the  State  of  Ohio. 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  4-3 

ister,  Anduaga,  who  is  now  at  Philadelphia,  had  determined  not 
to  come  and  reside  in  the  District  until  the  affair  of  General 
Jackson's  quarrels  with  the  Governors  of  Pensacola  and  St. 
Augustine  shall  have  been  settled  to  his  satisfaction  ;  and  that 
the  French  Minister,  De  Neuville,  complains  of  meeting  diffi 
culties  in  his  negotiations.  The  President  spoke  of  the  tone 
of  Anduaga's  notes  as  irritating  and  almost  offensive,  and  he 
seemed  apprehensive  that  Anduaga's  representations  might 
impel  the  Spanish  Government  to  some  rash  act  of  hostility. 
He  therefore  suggested  the  idea  of  sending  a  special  messen 
ger  to  Spain,  with  instructions  and  documents  to  Mr.  Forsyth, 
explaining  all  the  transactions,  and  directing  him  in  a  con 
ciliatory  manner  to  avert  any  hasty  measure  on  the  part  of 
Spain.  He  spoke  first  of  employing  Shaler,  and  then  William 
Tudor,  for  this  agency. 

I  did  not  directly  oppose  this  idea  of  sending  a  special 
messenger,  though  I  doubt  its  expediency.  I  thought  Spain 
too  deeply  engaged  in  affairs  of  far  deeper  interest  at  home, 
and  upon  too  bad  terms  with  all  the  great  European  powers, 
to  be  disposed  for  quarrelling  upon  such  trifles  as  these ; 
and  that  by  manifesting  very  earnest  solicitude  upon  the  sub 
ject  we  should  only  perhaps  give  them  a  hint  to  make  it  more 
serious  than  they  otherwise  would.  I  therefore  counteracted 
this  impression  indirectly  by  starting  doubts  whether  a  sudden 
departure  of  Shaler  or  of  Tudor  for  Spain  would  not  rather 
surprise  and  alarm  the  public.  I  observed  that  General  Jack 
son  had  as  yet  had  the  opportunity  of  answering  the  first  com 
plaint  only  of  the  Spanish  Minister.  There  have  since  been 
received  a  second  and  a  third,  of  which  no  communication  had 
yet  been  made  to  him.  With  regard  to  the  first,  he  had 
answered  and  transmitted  testimony  disproving  many  of  the 
charges  in  Callava's  protest;  and  showing  that  Callava  had  no 
special  character  as  Commissioner,  he  having  refused  to  produce 
any  credentials  as  such  to  General  Jackson,  and  informed  him 
that  he  had  orders  to  deliver  up  the  province  as  its  Governor. 
So  that  Callava  had  not  even  the  right  on  the  point  of  form 
upon  which  this  whole  altercation  arose.  It  was  due  to  Gen 
eral  Jackson  to  give  him  the  opportunity  of  answering  upon  the 


454  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.       [December, 

second  and  third  complaint  as  he  had  upon  the  first.  My  own 
idea  was  that  I  should  write  to  the  Spanish  Minister,  communi 
cating  to  him  copies  of  Jackson's  answer  to  the  note  of  Salmon, 
and  of  the  testimony  which  he  has  sent  with  it;  and  promising 
a  further  answer  when  we  shall  have  heard  from  him  on  the 
affair  of  the  banishment  of  the  Spanish  officers  from  Pensacola, 
and  on  the  seizure  of  the  papers  at  St.  Augustine.  This  would 
give  us  several  months  of  time,  and,  as  there  was  a  total  change 
of  the  Spanish  Ministry  about  once  a  quarter,  the  whole  subject 
will  have  become  stale  and  lost  its  interest  before  a  definitive 
decision  upon  the  case  will  become  necessary.  I  observed  to 
the  President  that,  as  I  had  anticipated,  there  was  now  a  reso 
lution  before  the  House  of  Representatives  calling  for  all  the 
papers  relating  to  all  these  transactions.  The  House  had  yes 
terday  decided  that  it  should  lie  on  the  table,  but  it  might  be 
called  up  again  and  passed  to-morrow. 

The  President  said  that  it  would  be  necessary  soon  to  decide 
upon  the  course  to  be  pursued,  whether  to  accept  immediately 
General  Jackson's  resignation,  or  to  delay  it  until  the  new  or 
ganization  of  the  Territory  should  require  a  new  appointment; 
whether  all  the  papers  shall  be  communicated  to  Congress,  or 
only  such  as  may  be  necessary  to  explain  the  subjects  of  differ 
ence  between  Jackson  and  Callava  and  Fromentin.  He  was 
apprehensive  that  the  European  allies  might  intrigue  with 
Spain  to  kindle  this  affair  up  into  a  quarrel  between  her  and 
us ;  the  consequence  of  which  was  that  we  should  suffer  in 
our  commerce  and  revenue.  He  said  this  was  the  third  time 
General  Jackson  had  brought  the  Government  into  great  diffi 
culty,  and  that  the  cause  would  not  bear  us  out  in  a  quarrel 
with  Spain  for  it.  If  we  were  to  quarrel  with  Spain,  it  were 
much  better  to  break  upon  South  American  independence  than 
for  the  rights  of  a  mulatto  at  Pensacola.  He  desired  me,  there 
fore,  to  send  the  papers  round  to  the  members  of  the  Adminis 
tration.  Mr.  Crawford  had  hitherto  not  been  consulted,  from 
delicacy  to  the  state  of  his  relations  with  General  Jackson ; 
but  the  papers  should  now  be  sent  to  him  as  well  as  to  the 
rest,  and  he  would  judge  for  himself  whether  he  should  take 
part  in  the  deliberation  upon  them. 


i82i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

I  left  with  the  President  a  list  of  the  appointments  made 
during  the  recess  of  Congress,  and  part  of  which  will  require 
nominations  to  the  Senate  during  the  present  session ;  among 
them  is  the  District  Attorney  of  Indiana.  I  mentioned  to  the 
President  Mr.  Noble's  remarks  to  me  the  other  day. 

He  perfectly  recollected  my  having  laid  before  him  the 
recommendatory  letters  from  the  Governor  and  District  Judge 
of  Indiana,  and  his  direction  that  a  Commission  should  imme 
diately  issue  upon  them  ;  but  said  he  had  forgotten  that  he  had 
received  Noble's  letter.  With  regard  to  the  nomination  to  the 
Senate,  he  reserved  the  subject  for  further  consideration. 

The  case  of  the  Marshal  of  Georgia  was  mentioned.  Mr. 
Crawford  sent  over  to  me  this  morning  a  letter  from  Morel 
to  him  soliciting  a  re-appointment.  I  gave  that  letter  to  the 
President,  and  reminded  him  of  the  letter  from  the  Governor, 
President  of  the  Senate,  and  Speaker  of  the  House  of  Georgia 
against  Morel,  and  of  the  anonymous  letter  charging  Morel 
with  a  most  atrocious  murder  of  a  black  man,  for  which  he 
was  indicted  by  a  Georgia  grand  jury  but  acquitted  by  a  jury 
of  trial.  I  told  the  President  of  the  application  to  me  by  Mr. 
Thompson,  one  of  the  Georgia  members  of  the  House,  who 
wished  to  ascertain  whether  Major  Triplett  would  be  appointed, 
but  expected  that  Mr.  Morel  would  decline  a  re-appointment, 
and  said  that  if  he  should  not,  he  (Thompson)  had  no  complaint 
to  make  against  him. 

The  President  said  that  he  wished  to  get  rid  of  the  man. 
He  believed  there  was  too  much  truth  in  the  anonymous 
letter.  I  said  that  there  might  be  party  spirit  mingled  also  in 
this  affair:  perhaps  it  might  be  best  to  enquire  of  Mr.  Crawford 
whether  he  would  recommend  the  re-appointment  of  Morel. 

The  President  said  he  would  consult  him,  and  also  Mr. 
Elliot,  the  Senator  from  Georgia ;  and  directed  me  to  send  him 
the  anonymous  letter  to  be  shown  to  them. 

He  asked  me  to  dine  with  him  next  Friday  with  the  for 
eign  Ministers.  I  told  him  of  Mr.  James  Strong's  application 
for  the  appointment  of  Governor  or  Judge  in  Florida;  but 
he  thought  the  aim  rather  too  lofty  for  an  ex-member  of 
Congress. 


45 6  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [December, 

2Oth.  At  the  office,  I  received  three  packets  from  Judge 
Fromentin  at  Pensacola,  enclosing  copies  of  documents  in  the 
legal  proceedings  in  the  case  of  Vidal  against  Inerarity ; 
also  a  confidential  letter  from  General  P.  B.  Porter,  Commis 
sioner  under  the  sixth  and  seventh  articles  of  the  treaty;  all  of 
which  I  took  over  to  the  President.  Porter  and  the  British 
Commissioner,  Barclay,  have  agreed  upon  their  report  and  de 
cision  relative  to  the  sixth  article,  with  the  exception  of  one 
place  at  the  mouth  of  Detroit  River.  At  that  point  they  have 
not  yet  been  able  to  agree;  but  Barclay  offers  to  accept  a  line 
proposed  by  Porter,  on  condition  that  we  will  engage  not  to 
fortify  certain  islands  that  will  fall  within  our  line.  The  Com 
missioners  have  no  authority  either  to  impose  or  propose  such 
a  condition,  but  they  have  agreed  to  refer  for  advice  to  me  and 
Mr.  Canning.  To  him,  Porter  says,  Barclay  had  engaged  to 
write  by  the  same  mail  as  Porter  wrote  to  me. 

The  President  said  such  an  engagement  could  be  made  only 
by  treaty. 

I  said  a  reciprocal  engagement  not  to  fortify  upon  any  of  the 
islands  on  either  side  might  be  made  by  a  written  assent,  like 
that  for  reducing  the  armed  force  upon  the  Lakes,  which  was 
laid  before  the  Senate  and  approved  by  them.  I  proposed  to 
wait  till  to-morrow,  when,  if  Canning  should  have  a  letter  from 
Barclay,  he  would  call  upon  me  ;  if  not,  I  could  speak  of  it  to 
him  to-morrow  at  the  dinner. 

I  left  with  the  President  the  papers  received  from  Fromentin. 
He  gave  me  a  particular  account  of  the  relations  heretofore 
between  him  and  John  Randolph,  and  of  the  negotiation  the 
spring  before  last,  by  which  the  reconciliation  between  them 
was  so  far  effected  that  he  invited  Randolph  to  dine  with  him, 
and  he  went.  It  was  effected  by  H.  Nelson  and  G.  F.  Strother. 
The  President  returned  me  the  draft  of  my  note  to  the  French 
Minister  on  the  case  of  the  Apollon,  with  a  few  remarks.  I 
proposed  to  him,  before  sending  it,  to  communicate  it  to  Mr. 
Crawford  for  his  examination  and  advice;  which  he  approved. 

2 1 st.  Mr.  James  Strong  came  to  make  enquiry  of  the  success 
of  his  application  for  office  in  Florida.  An  ex-member  of  Con 
gress  is  a  wasp  who  has  lost  his  sting;  and  it  is  piteous  to  see 


i32i.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

them  soliciting  offices  of  high  distinction,  for  which  they  are 
not  qualified,  as  consolation  for  the  loss  of  the  confidence  of 
their  constituents.  I  told  Mr.  Strong  that  I  thought  some 
knowledge  of  the  Spanish  language  would  be  required  both 
for  the  Governor  and  Judge.  The  State  of  New  York  has 
got  into  a  practice  of  changing  almost  the  whole  of  her  dele 
gation  at  every  Congress :  it  is  one  effect  of  the  system  of  bar 
gaining  and  intriguing,  which  prevails  there  more  than  in  any 
other  quarter  of  the  Union  ;  and  one  consequence  of  it  is,  that 
she  sends  more  ordinary,  inefficient  men  than  her  proportion. 
They  come  with  little  knowledge  of  the  general  affairs  of  the 
whole  Union,  which  form  the  subjects  of  deliberation  in  Con 
gress,  and  by  the  time  they  have  acquired  experience  neces 
sary  for  the  discharge  of  their  duties  their  two  years  of  service 
expire,  and  they  are  heard  of  no  more,  unless,  like  Mr.  Strong, 
applying  for  offices  suited  to  the  level  not  of  their  capacities, 
but  of  the  elevation  which  they  had  attained  and  have  lost. 

Mr.  Calhoun  brought  a  letter  from  a  person  named  Clarke, 
containing  indications  of  suspicions  against  Hassler,  the  as 
tronomer,  who  attended  on  the  Commission  under  the  fifth 
article  of  the  Treaty  of  Ghent,  as  having  been  too  intimate 
with  the  British  astronomer,  Tiarks.  By  their  observations 
they  have  brought  the  forty-'fifth  degree  of  latitude  nearly  a 
mile  further  south,  where  it  touches  Lake  Champlain,  than 
it  had  been  settled  by  former  observations,  by  which  a  place 
called  Rouse's  Point,  with  costly  fortifications  erected  upon  it, 
will  be  thrown  within  the  British  line.  This  has  given  great 
uneasiness  in  this  country,  and  especially  in  the  State  of  New 
York,  where  Rouse's  Point  is  situated.  This  Mr.  Clarke  tells 
a  story  of  Dr.  Tiarks,  the  British  astronomer,  having  said  to 
him  in  a  steamboat,  supposing  him  to  be  a  Canadian,  that 
Elliot,  the  first  astronomer  on  the  American  side,  had  been  a 
troublesome  old  fellow,  but  that  Hassler  was  more  accommo 
dating,  and  then,  pointing  to  the  spot  where  they  found  the 
forty-fifth  degree  touch  the  lake,  had  said,  "We  shall  run  the 
line  to  end  there."  Upon  this  foundation  Clarke  built  his 
surmise  that  Hassler  had  been  corrupted. 

I  told  Mr.  Calhoun  that  we  had  heard  of  this,  and  enquired 


458  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [December, 

into  it  more  than  two  years  ago,  and  found  it  was  mere  un 
warranted  suspicion. 

Calhoun  said  Clarke  had  mentioned  the  whole  affair  to  J.  C. 
Spencer,  and  proposed  to  give  notice  of  it  to  the  General  Gov 
ernment  ;  upon  which  Spencer,  to  make  mischief,  had  said  the 
General  Government  would  care  nothing  abouc  it.  I  said  at  all 
events  there  was  no  harm  done,  the  Commissioners  under  the 
fifth  article  having  disagreed.  Their  reports  are  not  yet  made. 
But  Hassler,  so  far  from  favoring  the  British  side,  had  first 
started  the  claim  of  determining  the  latitude  geocentrically, 
with  allowance  for  the  difference  between  the  polar  and  equa 
torial  diameters  of  the  earth.  I  omitted,  rather  carelessly,  to 
read  the  letter  which  Mr.  Calhoun  had  brought  with  him.  I 
dined  at  the  President's  with  the  foreign  Ministers. 

22d.  I  received  a  note  from  the  President  requesting  me  to 
send  him  the  papers  relating  to  the  commercial  negotiation 
with  France,  and  those  relating  to  the  case  of  the  Apollon.  I 
had  been  half  the  morning  assorting  them,  to  send  them  to  one 
of  the  committees.  I  took  them  to  the  President,  who  said  he 
wished  to  give  them  a  cursory  perusal  with  a  view  to  converse 
on  the  subject  with  Mr.  Poinsett,  who  had  requested  it,  and 
whose  disposition  was  entirely  friendly. 

The  President  asked  me  if  I  had  witnessed  anything  of  a 
personal  altercation  last  evening  between  the  French  and 
British  Ministers.  I  had  not.  He  said  Mr.  Thompson,  the 
Secretary  of  the  Navy,  had  heard  from  Colonel  Freeman  a 
ramor  circulating  in  the  city  that  those  two  gentlemen  had  a 
violent  quarrel  in  the  entrance-hall,  before  they  left  the  house. 
The  servants  of  the  family  had  observed  it,  but,  the  words  that 
passed  between  them  being  in  French,  had  not  understood 
what  was  said.  Nothing  had  taken  place  at  the  dinner,  or 
before  they  left  the  drawing-room,  which  indicated  any  misun 
derstanding  between  them ;  and  the  President  was  at  a  loss  to 
know  what  had  been  the  cause  of  it.  I  found  at  home  that  the 
report  of  it,  magnified  as  usual,  was  prevailing  all  over  the  city. 

23d.  Mr.  Sparks,  the  Unitarian,  preached  for  the  first  time  at 
the  Capitol,  to  a  crowded  auditory.  His  election  as  Chaplain 
to  the  House  of  Representatives  occasioned  much  surprise, 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

and  has  been  followed  by  unusual  symptoms  of  intolerance. 
Mr.  Hawley,  the  Episcopal  preacher  at  St.  John's  Church,  last 
Sunday  preached  a  sermon  of  coarse  invective  upon  the  House, 
who,  he  said,  by  this  act  had  voted  Christ  out-of-doors  ;  and  he 
enjoined  upon  all  the  people  of  his  flock  not  to  set  their  feet 
within  the  Capitol  to  hear  Mr.  Sparks.  In  the  course  of  the 
last  week,  Mr.  Patterson,  a  member  from  the  State  of  New 
York,  moved  that  the  House  should  proceed  to  the  choice  of 
another  Chaplain,  on  the  pretence  that  he  had  vacated  the  ap 
pointment  by  non-attendance.  It  appeared  that  the  Speaker 
had  for  some  time  omitted  to  give  notice  to  Mr.  Sparks  of  his 
appointment,  and  that  Sparks  was  then  in  the  city,  ready  to 
commence  the  performance  of  his  duties.  Patterson,  after  some 
discussion,  finding  himself  unsupported,  withdrew  his  motion. 
This  extraordinary  mode  of  opposition  has  only  served  to 
render  Sparks  more  conspicuous,  and  to  sharpen  the  curiosity 
to  hear  him. 

24th.  I  dined  with  the  Russian  Minister,  Poletica,  it  being 
the  Emperor  Alexander's  birthday.  About  twenty-five  in  com 
pany — heads  of  Departments  and  the  Corps  Diplomatique. 
The  dinner  was  rather  dull.  Mr.  Canning  came  late,  and  Mr. 
Baker,  the  British  Consul-General,  who  was  with  him,  on  en 
tering  the  parlor,  went  up  and  spoke  to  the  Baron  Hyde  de 
Neuville,  who  immediately  went  with  him  out  of  the  room. 
When  dinner  was  announced,  on  passing  into  the  dining-hall 
we  found  Mr.  De  Neuville  and  Baker  were  there.  Hyde  and 
Canning  neither  spoke  to  nor  looked  at  each  other. 

Mr.  Poletica  asked  me  for  the  toast,  as  usual,  upon  which  I 
gave,  "  The  Emperor  Alexander,  and  the  cause  of  the  Cross," 
which  he  returned,  by  toasting,  "  The  President  of  the  United 
States,  and  the  cause  of  Peace  as  long  as  possible."  None  of 
the  other  usual  toasts  in  honor  of  the  holy  allies  were  given ; 
we  were  a  very  short  time  at  table,  and  the  company  retired 
almost  immediately  after  dinner.  The  President  of  the  Senate, 
Gaillard,  and  the  Speaker  of  the  House,  P.  P.  Barbour,  were 
of  the  company.  I  asked  Stackelberg,  the  Swedish  Charge 
d'Affaires,  whether  he  had  seen  the  quarrel  between  Hyde  de 
Neuville  and  Canning,  in  the  entrance-hall,  at  the  President's. 


460  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.         [December, 

He  had  seen  it  all ;  and  twice  interposed  between  them.  I 
asked  him  what  they  had  said.  He  answered  he  did  not  know; 
by  which  he' merely  meant  to  decline  telling  what  they  had  said. 

Poletica  was  a  little  more  communicative.  He  said  that  the 
quarrel  had  long  been  brewing;  that  one  of  its  principal  recent 
causes  was  a  letter  of  Sir  George  Collier's,  lately  published  in 
all  the  newspapers,  and  containing  severe  reflections  upon  the 
French  Government,  as  still  suffering  the  slave-trade  to  be 
carried  on  under  their  flag.  Mr.  De  Neuville  had  been  much 
hurt  at  this  letter,  and  Canning  had  indulged  himself  in  some 
sarcastic  remarks  upon  it.  At  the  ball  given  by  De  Neuville 
last  week  in  honor  of  the  Duchess  of  Angouleme's  birthday, 
Mr.  Canning  went  away  before  supper.  De  Neuville  spoke  of 
this  to  Canning  while  sitting  at  table  at  the  President's,  and 
expressed  his  regret  at  the  circumstance.  Canning,  it  seems, 
answered  that  there  were  places  where  he  took  pleasure  in 
staying,  and  others  where  attendance  was  mere  compliance 
with  forms.  De  Neuville  was  much  offended  at  this,  but  said 
nothing  more  at  table.  They  left  the  drawing-room  after  din 
ner  nearly  at  the  same  time,  and  before  the  carriage  of  either 
of  them  had  arrived.  While  in  the  entrance-hall,  De  Neuville 
took  Canning  aside,  to  ask  explanation  of  what  he  had  said  at 
table,  but,  instead  of  being  satisfied  with  his  answer,  was  more 
incensed  by  it.  The  irritation  increased  on  both  sides,  until 
De  Neuville,  raising  his  voice,  said,  "  Oui,  Monsieur,  je  vous  le 
repete,  en  presence  de  tout  le  Corps  Diplomatique,  que  la  fran 
chise  et  la  politesse  sont  des  qualites  eminemment  franchises." 
Poletica  did  not  say  what  was  Canning's  answer;  but  the  fact 
was  that  before  they  parted  there  was  menace  of  personal  vio 
lence  between  them  on  the  spot — by  De  Neuville  with  the 
clenched  hand,  by  Canning  in  laying  his  hand  upon  his  sword. 
Poletica  says  that  De  Neuville  was  wrong  in  breaking  out  there, 
and  that  he  is  now  sensible  of  it.  But,  he  says,  the  original 
wrong  was  in  Canning,  who  is  apt  to  make  sarcastic  remarks. 
There  has  been  some  correspondence  between  them  since 
Friday,  but  apparently  no  adjustment  of  the  difference  hitherto. 

26th.  Mr.  Baldwin,  of  Pennsylvania,  asked  whether  the  papers 
relating  to  General  Jackson's  Florida  quarrels  would  be  soon 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE. 

communicated.  He  said  that  there  would  be  a  very  serious 
attack  upon  Jackson  in  Congress.  I  told  him  that  I  was  ready 
and  willing  to  communicate  every  scrap  of  paper  relating  to  the 
affair  now ;  but  the  President  wished  to  withhold  the  papers 
altogether — or  at  least  while  the  subject  is  in  negotiation  with 
Spain.  Baldwin  said  it  was  sufficient  reason  for  withholding 
the  papers  that  there  is  a  negotiation  pending.  He  asked  if 
I  thought  there  had  been  anything  wrong  in  the  proceedings 
of  General  Jackson.  I  said  that  which  it  would  be  most  dif 
ficult  to  justify  was  the  seizure  of  the  papers  at  St.  Augus 
tine,  because  it  wras  in  violation  of  an  agreement  which  had 
been  signed  by  Colonel  Butler,  and  not  disapproved  by  the 
President. 

27th.  Mr.  T.  Fuller  was  here,  to  speak  of  the  appointment 
of  a  District  Judge  in  Maine.  He  recommends  a  Mr.  Ames, 
and  understands  the  intriguing  for  the  appointment  of  Ware  as 
others  do.  Fuller  spoke  also  upon  the  next  Presidential  elec 
tion,  and  the  great  effort  making  among  the  members  of  Con 
gress  at  this  time  to  organize  the  party  for  Mr.  Crawford.  And 
he  thought  it  necessary  that  something  should  be  done  to 
counteract  it.  He  did  not  appear,  however,  to  have  matured 
his  ideas  with  regard  to  the  way  in  which  it  is  to  be  counter 
acted.  He,  as  well  as  others,  appears  to  think  that  if  all  this 
management  is  used  on  one  side,  without  any  countermining  on 
the  other,  it  must  and  will  succeed.  He  gave  me  some  items  of 
the  allegations  current  for  the  purpose  of  discrediting  me.  One 
was,  that  Walsh's  newspaper  was  set  up  by  me,  and  that  its 
support  of  Jackson  was  all  to  support  me.  Another,  that  the 
failure  of  the  negotiation  with  France  was  owing  to  difficulties 
made  by  me ;  and  that  in  the  negotiation  at  Ghent,  the  notes 
that  I  wrote  were  so  offensive  that  it  was  found  necessary  to 
substitute  others  in  their  stead. 

I  told  Fuller  that  all  the  papers  relating  to  the  negotiation 
with  France  would  be  communicated  to  the  committees  of  the 
two  Houses.  They  would  see  what  the  difficulties  were.  My 
opinion  was,  that  we  had  gone  too  far  in  the  way  of  conciliatory 
propositions.  But  others  might  judge  of  them. 

As  to  the  Ghent  negotiation,  Mr.  Bayard  had  once  taken  the 


462  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.         [December, 

trouble  of  clothing  in  his  own  language  a  dispatch  that  I  had 
written,  and  at  my  request  his  draft  had  been  used  instead  of 
mine  for  the  text  of  the  dispatch ;  but  that  had  been  altered  as 
much  as  mine.  It  was  the  first  dispatch  we  wrote,  and  Mr. 
Bayard  had  not  repeated  the  experiment.  And  almost  the 
whole  of  the  subsequent  notes  was  written  by  Mr.  Gallatin  and 
by  me.  Fuller  said  there  was  about  as  much  foundation  for 
the  report  he  had  heard  as  is  usual  in  such  cases. 

As  to  Walsh's  paper,  I  had  no  more  hand,  I  told  him,  in 
setting  it  up  than  he  had.  Walsh  had  often  severely  censured 
me,  and,  what  was  more  offensive  to  me,  had  attacked  my 
father. 

He  said  that  would  pass  for  a  mask.  One  reason,  he  said, 
why  Walsh's  paper  was  said  to  be  my  paper  was  his  defence 
of  General  Jackson's  late  transactions  in  Florida  even  before 
he  had  been  heard.  I  said  it  was  natural  enough  that  those 
who  meant  to  make  thrusts  at  me  through  Jackson's  side 
should  take  the  defence  of  Jackson  as  a  proof  of  subserviency 
to  me.  The  fact  was,  that  in  passing  through  Philadelphia  I 
had  dined  at  Mr.  Sergeant's  in  company  with  Walsh,  just  at  the 
time  when  the  affair  of  Callava  was  figuring  in  the  newspapers. 
I  had  received  Jackson's  report  of  the  affair,  and  had  said  that, 
in  my  opinion,  he  had  been  throughout  the  transaction  sub 
stantially  right.  Walsh  told  me  he  was  of  the  same  opinion 
even  upon  the  facts  as  they  were  then  known  to  the  public ; 
but  I  had  no  control  over  the  opinions  of  Mr.  Walsh.  He  was 
perfectly  independent  of  me.  Fuller  said  there  were  other 
subjects  upon  which  he  wished  to  converse  with  me,  but  must 
reserve  them  for  another  occasion,  being  now  engaged. 

28th.  I  mentioned  to  the  President  that  Mr.  Trimble,  of  Ken 
tucky,  had  this  day  offered  a  resolution  in  the  House  calling 
for  all  the  papers  of  the  negotiation  with  France ;  and  that 
there  is  another  resolution  calling  for  all  the  papers  relating 
to  General  Jackson's  Florida  quarrels.  I  was  for  giving  them 
all,  and  letting  Congress  battle  it  out  among  themselves  upon 
them.  The  President  appointed  a  meeting  of  the  members  of 
the  Administration  for  to-morrow  to  decide  upon  it. 

29th.  Mr.  Newton,  Chairman  of  the  Committee  of  Commerce, 


1 82 1.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  463 

came  this  morning  to  the  office  in  high  spirits,  saying  he  had 
brought  me  good  news.  He  had  in  his  hand  a  newspaper  of 
the  island  of  St.  Christopher's,  with  a  letter  from  John  Hol- 
lingsworth  at  St.  Eustatius,  enclosing  it  to  Mr.  Rodney,  the 
member  of  the  House  who  had  given  it  to  Mr.  Newton.  The 
newspaper  contained  a  petition  from  the  Legislative  Assembly 
of  the  island  of  St.  Kitts  to  the  British  House  of  Commons, 
imploring  a  relaxation  of  the  restrictions  upon  the  commerce 
between  the  West  India  Islands  and  the  United  States  of 
America,  and  representing  the  islands  as  on  the  brink  of  ruin 
from  perseverance  in  that  system  and  from  the  counteracting 
navigation  laws  of  the.United  States.  Newton  insisted  upon 
reading  to  me  the  whole  petition,  which  is  long,  and  will  serve 
as  a  full  answer  to  the  memorial  which  is  coming  on  to  Con 
gress  from  his  constituents  of  Norfolk.  He  said  he  would  have 
given  it  to  Gales  to  publish  in  the  Intelligencer,  but  he  believed 
it  would  be  best  to  let  those  people  who  were  attempting  to 
mislead  the  public  opinion  push  on  and  get  themselves  as  deep 
into  absurdity  as  they  chose,  and  then  spring  this  upon  them 
at  once.  It  comes  very  seasonably  for  the  maintenance  of  our 
system. 

I  read  to  Mr.  Newton  the  dispatch  from  R.  Rush  of  3d 
January,  1820,  giving  the  account  of  his  dinner  at  Colquhoun's, 
and  to  which  he  refers  in  a  late  dispatch;  and  I  sent  to  Newton's 
lodgings  the  papers  relating  to  the  negotiation  with  France. 

Mr.  W.  Smith,  Senator  from  South  Carolina,  came  and  asked 
for  the  papers  relating  to  the  organization  of  a  government 
for  Florida  for  the  use  of  the  committee  of  the  Senate  on  the 
Judiciary.  They.had  already  been  sent  to  the  committee  on 
the  same  subject  of  the  House  of  Representatives,  with  whom 
he  said  he  would  communicate  concerning  them. 

At  one  o'clock  the  Cabinet  meeting  was  held  at  the  Presi 
dent's,  and  the  only  question  discussed  was,  whether  all  the 
papers  relating  to  the  negotiation  with  France  and  all  those 
relating  to  the  transactions  of  General  Jackson  in  Florida 
should  be  communicated  to  Congress  upon  the  two  resolutions 
now  before  the  House  of  Representatives  to  call  for  them.  It 
was  on  all  hands  agreed  that  none  of  the  papers  ought  to  be 


464  MEMOIRS    OF  JO  PIN  QUINCY  ADAMS.         [December, 

communicated  without  a  call,  but  all,  except  myself,  were  appre 
hensive  of  evil  consequences  from  the  publication  of  the  papers  : 
those  containing  the  complaints  of  the  Spanish  Minister,  be 
cause  the  negotiation  is  yet  pending  ;  those  of  the  French  nego 
tiation,  because  they  are  irritating  ;  and  the  letters  of  Fromentin, 
because  they  dishonor  the  country.  I  am  satisfied  that  all  the 
papers  should  be  given.  But  the  papers  are  wanted  by  two 
classes  of  members  in  the  House  of  Representatives — those  who 
are  panting  for  debate,  to  make  fiery  speeches,  and  those  who 
are  eager  to  have  a  thrust  at  the  Secretary  of  State.  And  the 
two  classes  may  now  be  nearly  resolved  into  one.  It  is  the 
ground  upon  which  the  attack  of  the  present  session  is  intended 
to  be  made  upon  the  Administration.  To  give  all  the  papers 
now  will  make  ample  field  for  a  month's  debate,  and  give  vent 
to  ill  humors,  which  would  grow  more  malignant  by  suppression. 

Mr.  Wirt  said  that  if  the  House  of  Representatives  thought 
as  he  did,  that  General  Jackson  was  wrong,  they  would  pass  a 
vote  of  censure  upon  his  acts.  And  if  they  are  to  do  that,  it 
will  be  best  to  have  their  determination  upon  it  before  giving  a 
final  answer  to  the  Spanish  Government. 

My  own  opinion  is,  that  Jackson  was  at  the  foundation  right. 
But  the  prejudices  against  him  in  the  Cabinet  are  so  strong, 
that  I  believe  the  best  thing  for  his  safety  will  be  to  bring  him 
at  once  before  the  country.  When  Congress  come  to  debate 
upon  it,  the  feeling  of  the  country  will  be  in  his  favor.  It  was 
finally  determined  that  the  calls  should  be  suffered  to  come, 
and  that  then  all  the  papers  should  be  given. 

The  meeting  broke  up  about  four  o'clock,  and  returning 
from  it  I  met  Mr.  Canning,  who  had  been  waiting  at  my  office. 
We  had  a  conversation  upon  the  proposals  of  the  Commis 
sioners  P.  B.  Porter  and  Barclay.  I  told  him  that  there  seemed 
to  be  no  necessity  for  them  to  come  to  Washington  to  settle  this 
question.  It  appeared  to  me  that  by  the  offer  to  take  the  in 
termediate  line  with  a  condition,  Mr.  Barclay  had  admitted  his 
authority  to  take  it  unconditionally.  The  condition  was  cer 
tainly  not  within  the  authority  of  the  Commission.  General 
Porter  had  been  perfectly  right  in  disclaiming  the  power  of 
acceding  to  it,  and  I  thought  such  a  condition  would  have 


1 82 1.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

invalidated  the  decision  itself  if  they  had  agreed  to  it.  They 
were  not  a  Commission  to  negotiate,  but  to  decide  where  the 
line  of  the  middle  of  the  river  and  lakes  actually  runs.  They 
might  agree  upon  the  principle  of  taking  the  deepest  channel 
or  the  middle  line  between  shores,  and  they  might,  for  the 
mutual  accommodation  of  the  two  countries,  adopt  sometimes 
the  one  and  sometimes  the  other  of  those  principles — for  ex 
ample,  to  avoid  dividing  an  island;  but  they  had  no  authority 
to  cede  territory  on  either  side.  Mr.  Barclay  had  not  only 
travelled  out  of  his  record  to  make  the  proposal,  but,  by  offer 
ing  to  take  the  line  in  question  upon  a  condition,  he  has  proved 
that  he  considers  himself  authorized  to  agree  to  that  line.  His 
scruple  is  not  as  to  the  boundary,  but  as  to  the  use  which  we 
might  make  of  islands  within  our  line.  The  condition  which 
he  requires  we  could  only  engage  for  by  an  agreement  to  be 
confirmed  by  both  Governments,  like  that  for  disarming  upon 
the  lakes ;  and  we  are  willing  to  accede  to  it,  provided  it  shall 
be  made  reciprocal  and  extended  to  all  the  islands  at  the 
mouth  of  that  river.  As  we  had  agreed  to  disarm  the  waters, 
we,  on  our  part,  were  willing  to  disarm  the  islands. 

Canning  intimated  that  Barclay's  statement  of  the  facts  did 
not  altogether  agree  with  that  of  General  Porter.  He  repre 
sented  it  as  the  only  instance  of  departure  from  the  principle 
of  the  half-way  line  between  the  two  shores,  and  one  which, 
on  reference  to  a  foreign  sovereign,  could  not  possibly  fail  to 
be  decided  in  favor  of  Britain.  Barclay,  therefore,  by  acceding 
to  the  middle  line,  would  in  fact  give  up  three  small  islands 
belonging  to  Great  Britain,  and  might  feel  it  to  be  his  duty  to 
insist  upon  the  condition  as  an  equivalent  for  the  cession. 

This,  I  said,  was  precisely  what  he  could  have  no  possible 
right  to  do.  Mr.  Canning  had  not  brought  Barclay's  letter 
with  him,  and  said  he  would  look  over  the  papers  again  and 
then  give  a  definitive  answer.  However  desirous  he  was  of 
promoting  the  agreement  of  the  Commissioners,  he  thought 
he  could  not  interpose  in  this  case  at  all. 

I  then  spoke  to  him  of  the  case  of  Wilcocke,  the  man  who 
was  arrested  in  Vermont,  by  a  process  returnable  to  a  Court  at 
Burlington,  and  then  carried  into  Canada  and  imprisoned  at 

VOL.  V. — 30 


466  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QU1NCY  ADAMS.        [December, 

Montreal.  I  gave  Canning  a  Montreal  newspaper  containing 
a  publication  by  Wilcocke,  showing  that  he  had  been  acquitted 
upon  all  the  criminal  prosecutions  against  him ;  asked  him  to 
read  it,  and  told  him  that  I  wished  they  would  release  the  man 
without  forcing  us  to  renew  the  demand  in  official  form.  Our 
jurisdiction  had  been  violated.  If  Wilcocke  had  consented 
to  go,  his  consent  could  not  repair  the  wrong  to  us.  I  had 
recently  had  an  application  from  the  Governor  of  Vermont 
through  a  member  of  Congress  about  it,  and  if  Wilcocke  was 
not  released  we  should  soon  have  a  resolution  brought  forward 
in  Congress  concerning  it. 

Canning  said,  in  that  joking  manner  which  he  thinks  witty, 
but  which  is  excessively  indiscreet,  "  What  a  troublesome  body 
this  Congress  is !" 

"  Not  quite  so  manageable  as  your  Parliament ;  and  you  find 
even  that  sometimes  troublesome,"  was  my  reply. 

Canning  knew  that  Wilcocke  had  been  acquitted ;  but  said 
it  was  because  certain  testimony  could  not  be  brought  to  bear 
against  him ;  and  said  the  Governor  of  Canada  had  not  the  power 
to  release  him.  Yet  he  appeared  to  be  disappointed  when  I  told 
him  I  should  on  Monday  answer  him  that  we  could  not  deliver 
up  the  men  from  Newfoundland  charged  with  statute  piracy. 

It  was  six  o'clock  when  I  got  home  to  dinner,  after  receiving 
a  sharp  note  from  the  Spanish  Minister,  Anduaga,  about  Jack 
son's  affairs,  and  complaining  that  I  have  not  even  acknowl 
edged  the  receipt  of  his  notes. 

Frye  told  me  that  last  evening  a  deputation  from  the  Penn 
sylvania  delegation  had  waited  upon  Mr.  Calhoun  and  invited 
him  to  stand  a  candidate  for  the  Presidency  at  the  next  elec 
tion,  to  which  he,  after  some  hesitation,  had  assented.  It  is 
understood  that  a  caucus  of  members  of  the  South  Carolina 
Legislature  have  recommended  Lowndes. 

3 1st.  Dr.  Bronaugh  called,  as  I  had  requested.  I  asked  him 
if  General  Jackson's  accounts  were  settled  to  his  satisfaction. 
He  said  they  were. 

I  then  told  him  that  I  had  received  a  second  and  a  third 
complaint  from  the  Spanish  Minister  against  General  Jackson, 
which  it  would  be  my  official  duty  to  answer  ;  that  my  own 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

disposition  will  be  to  defend  him  to  the  utmost  of  my  power; 
that  the  new  charges  of  the  Spanish  Minister  against  him 
would  be  communicated  to  him,  as  the  first  had  been,  with 
a  view  to  have  his  own  entire  justification  by  himself  before 
transmitting  to  him  a  final  answer ;  that  I  understood  a  new 
attack  upon  General  Jackson  was  meditated  in  Congress,  and 
if  there  were  any  of  the  members  of  either  House  whom  he 
considered  as  especially  friendly  to  the  General  with  whom  I 
could  freely  converse  in  promoting  his  defence,  I  would  thank 
him  to  mention  them. 

He  named  Mr.  Baldwin  and  Mr.  McDuffie  of  the  House,  and 
Colonel  R.  M.  Johnson  of  the  Senate,  and  he  said  he  thought 
the  whole  of  the  New  York  and  Pennsylvania  delegations  would 
be  in  his  favor. 

I  said  I  had  some  apprehensions  that  a  part  of  the  Virginia 
delegation,  who  in  the  affair  of  the  Seminole  War  supported 
him,  would  now  be  against  him. 

He  said  he  supposed  they  would,  but  he  thought  none  of 
them  would  be  very  strenuous  excepting  Mr.  Archer,  whose 
attack  would  be  as  much  against  the  Administration  as  against 
General  Jackson. 

Mr.  Baldwin,  member  of  the  House,  called,  and  I  spoke  to 
him  about  the  call  for  papers  in  the  case  of  General  Jackson. 
Baldwin  appeared  to  be  unwilling  that  the  resolution  should 
pass,  and  yet  not  prepared  to  resist  the  call.  He  said,  if  the 
question  related  to  General  Jackson  alone,  he  could  count  the 
House  and  know  friend  from  foe  ;  but  electioneering  would 
mingle  with  this  question,  and  there  was  more  electioneering 
abroad  than  I  was  aware  of. 

I  told  him  that  he  might  know  more  of  the  detail  than  I, 
but  that  there  was  violent  electioneering,  and  that  it  would 
mingle  itself  in  every  Act  of  Congress,  I  had  no  doubt,  and 
had  long  known. 

He  said  that  the  papers  when  communicated  would  be  re 
ferred  to  the  Committee  of  Foreign  Relations,  and  he  under- 

o 

stood  they  were  divided  on  the  question  respecting  Jackson — 
three  and  three,  and  one  doubtful. 

I  said  that  the  papers  relating  to  Fromentin  would  not  be  of 


468  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.        [December, 

the  resort  of  the  Committee  of  Foreign  Relations,  and  that  it 
would  be  more  advisable,  I  should  think,  to  refer  the  whole  to 
a  select  committee. 

Baldwin  said  he  had  understood  .there  was  some  misunder 
standing  between  Mr.  Russell,  the  Chairman  of  the  Committee 
of  Foreign  Relations,  and  me.  He  had  therefore  written  a 
note  to  the  President,  proposing  to  him  to  send  to  Mr.  Russell, 
and  to  converse  himself  with  him.  Baldwin  said  he  did  not 
expect  to  come  to  Congress  again. 

I  told  him  and  Bronaugh  both  that  the  point  in  which  I 
foresaw  the  greatest  difficulty  in  vindicating  Jackson  would  be 
for  the  seizure  of  the  papers  at  St.  Augustine,  because  there 
had  been  an  agreement  between  Colonel  Butler  and  Coppinger 
that  they  should  remain  in  possession  of  the  Spanish  officer  till 
the  question  concerning  them  should  be  decided  by  the  two 
Governments ;  which  agreement  had  been  approved  by  this 
Government.  Bronaugh  said  first  that  he  thought  there  had 
been  some  evidence  of  an  intention  in  Coppinger  to  carry  the 
papers  away ;  but  I  did  not  recollect  that  there  was  such  evi 
dence.  He  then  said  he  thought  General  Jackson  was  not  aware 
of  the  agreement.  I  had  determined,  if  possible,  not  to  let  the 
day  pass  without  answering  the  Spanish  Minister's  last  letter, 
and  to  accomplish  it  I  remained  till  dark  at  the  office. 

Mr.  T.  Fuller  came.  He  spoke  of  the  caucus  in  the  South 
Carolina  Legislature — one  hundred  and  ten  members,  fifty-seven 
of  whom  had  agreed  to  recommend  Mr.  William  Lowndes  as 
a  candidate  for  the  next  Presidential  election.  He  spoke  also 
of  the  deputation  of  members  of  Congress  from  the  North  and 
the  South  who  had  waited  upon  Mr.  Calhoun  last  Friday  and 
invited  him  to  stand  a  candidate  also  at  the  next  election,  to 
which  he  had,  after  some  hesitation,  assented ;  and  since  that 
time  there  had  been  an  active  canvass  going  on,  and  scarcely  a 
member  whose  dispositions  had  not  been  sounded  with  a  view 
to  making  partisans  for  him.  Fuller  said  that  he  was  afraid  of 
appearing  officious.  I  had  appeared  indisposed  to  making  any 
exertions  in  my  own  favor  ;  but  if  something  should  not  be 
done  to  counteract  the  caballing,  public  opinion  would  be  fore 
stalled,  and  a  party  too  strong  to  be  broken  would  be  formed. 


1 82 1.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

He  had  no  interest  of  his  own  in  view.  He  did  not  even  intend 
to  be  a  candidate  for  the  next  Congress.  But  he  felt  a  pride  in 
the  honor  of  his  country,  and  was  unwilling  to  see  its  highest 
dignity  thus  disposed  of.  He  should,  therefore,  on  his  return 
home  suggest  to  some  gentlemen  the  propriety  of  moving,  to 
show  at  least  that  they  are  not  disposed  to  abandon  the  claim 
to  a  candidate  of  their  own.  He  said  he  should  see  some 
gentlemen  this  evening  and  propose  to  ascertain  from  Mr.  Cal- 
houn  the  fact  how  far  he  had  assented  to  stand  a  candidate, 
though  it  was  fully  known  that  he  had. 

I  said  I  had  some  thoughts  of  speaking  on  the  subject  to  him 
myself,  with  a  view  to  its  bearing  upon  the  Administration  at 
this  time. 

Fuller  asked  me  if  I  had  any  objection  to  conversing  with 
other  members  of  Congress  whom  he  named.  I  said,  none  at 
all.  He  named  Tomlinson,  of  Connecticut,  Taylor  and  Tracy, 
of  New  York,  Plumer,  and  all  the  New  Hampshire  delegation, 
and  Lincoln,  of  Maine.  He  said  that  possibly  these  gentle 
men,  who  were  working  so  hard  to  raise  recruits,  might  defeat 
themselves  by  their  own  indiscretion.  Mr.  Crawford's  cause 
had  been  ruined  in  that  way,  and  his  New  York  Sentinel,  got 
up  for  the  express  purpose  of  supporting  him,  would  not 
avail  him.  Fuller  spoke  also  of  a  piece  which  appeared  in  the 
Washington  City  Gazette  of  Saturday,  the  day  after  the  caucus 
cabal  at  Calhoun's,  full  of  the  vilest  and  falsest  ribaldry  against 
me,  republished  from  Tennessee  and  Georgia  papers,  and  re 
peated  here  precisely  at  the  time  when  they  were  beating  up 
for  partisans  to  their  new  candidate  among  the  members  of 
Congress.  He  thought  it  ought  to  be  answered,  as  it  could 
most  triumphantly  be. 

I  told  him  that  if  it  should  be  answered,  it  would  immediately 
be  said  I  was  canvassing  for  the  Presidency.  I  never  that  I 
recollect  but  once  undertook  to  answer  anything  that  was  pub 
lished  against  me  in  a  newspaper,  and  that  was  at  a  time  when 
I  was  in  private  life.  To  answer  newspaper  accusations  would 
be  an  endless  task.  The  tongue  of  falsehood  can  never  be 
silenced,  and  I  have  not  time  to  spare  from  public  business  to 
the  vindication  of  myself. 


470  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHA?  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

Fuller  told  me  that  Eustis  was  perfectly  well  disposed,  and 
that  Russell  had  of  late  (that  is,  within  a  few  days)  manifested 
a  disposition  not  unfriendly  to  me.  Eustis  had  said  it  was  best, 
as  he  was  of  a  headstrong  temper,  to  let  him  find  his  own  way; 
and  he  had  therefore  said  nothing  to  him. 

January  ist,  1822. — This  year  began,  as  the  last  had  com 
menced  and  closed,  with  solitary  meditation.  Mr.  Bailey  was 
here  this  morning  on  the  subject  concerning  which  Mr.  Fuller 
spoke  last  evening.  He  was  anxious  that  some  answer  to  the 
slander  in  the  Washington  City  Gazette  of  Saturday  should  be 
published ;  which  I  dissuaded. 

Mr.  Sterling,  of  New  York,  came  with  a  recommendation  of 
a  Mr.  Butterfield  for  District  Attorney  in  East  Florida.  He 
excused  himself  for  not  dining  with  me  upon  an  engagement 
to  dine  at  Mr.  Van  Buren's  with  the  whole  delegation  from 
New  York.  He  said  it  might  be  thought  there  were  politics 
in  this ;  for  the  rash  step  of  a  part  of  the  Legislature  of  South 
Carolina  would  set  the  whole  continent  to  premature  election 
eering.  I  asked  what  they  had  done.  He  said  that  one  hun 
dred  and  ten  members  out  of  one  hundred  and  sixty-nine  had 
met  in  caucus,  and  fifty-seven  of  them  had  voted  Mr.  Lowndes 
as  a  candidate  for  the  Presidency  at  the  next  election.  It  was 
but  one-third  of  the  whole  Legislature,  and  was  altogether  a 
precipitate  and  injudicious  measure.  Mr.  Sterling  spoke  also 
of  a  resolution  that  he  has  offered  in  the  House  of  Representa 
tives,  having  a  view  to  the  organization  of  some  system  for  the 
settlement  of  claims  upon  the  United  States.  He  thought  the 
Committee  of  Clakns,  and  the  House  itself,  ill  adapted  to  this 
business,  and  asked  some  questions  as  to  the  practice  of  the 
European  Governments. 

At  noon  we  attended  the  drawing-room  at  the  President's. 
The  crowd  of  company  was  as  great  as  I  have  ever  known  it 
on  any  similar  occasion.  We  remained  not  long  there.  The 
Indians  paid  their  visit  after  we  came  away.  Trimble  told  me 
that  he  had  moved  the  resolution  for  the  call  of  the  papers 
concerning  the  negotiation  with  France  as  an  individual  mem 
ber,  without  consulting  the  Committee  of  Foreign  Relations, 
of  which  he  is  a  member,  but  in  concert  with  Mr.  Lowndes. 


1 822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

He  said  he  had  offered  the  resolution  before  the  papers  had 
been  sent  to  the  committee — which  I  thought  strange,  because 
the  resolution  called  for  the  papers  classified,  as  I  had  sent 
them  to  the  committee  in  three  divisions. 

From  the  President's  we  went  to  General  Van  Ness's,  and 
paid  a  wedding  visit  to  his  daughter  Ann,  who  was  last  week 
married  to  Arthur  Middleton.  We  met  among  the  company 
there  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Eustis,  and  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Russell.  Rus 
sell  told  me  that  Trimble  had  offered  the  resolution  calling  for 

o 

the  papers  not  only  without  consulting  the  committee,  but 
against  his  opinion  and  inclination.  I  said  Trimble  had  told 
me  that  he  had  moved  the  resolution  before  the  papers  had 
been  received  by  the  committee.  "  He  says  so  now,"  said 
Russell ;  "  but  I  have  told  him  that  I  thought  it  extraordinary 
he  should  have  offered  the  resolution  without  notice  to  the 
committee." 

Eustis  advised  me  to  pay  a  visit  to  the  mess  at  Coyle's — for 
a  bird  had  told  him  it  would  be  advisable. 

I  attended  at  the  office.  Mr.  Canning  came,  and  I  had  a  con 
versation  of  an  hour  with  him  upon  the  question  between  the 
Commissioners  P.  B.  Porter  and  Barclay,  and  upon  the  affair  of 
S.  H.  Wilcocke ;  upon  the  Navigation  Act,  and  various  other 
matters.  He  appeared  anxious  to  maintain  the  position  that 
the  proposal  for  taking  the  middle  channel,  on  a  condition,  was 
not  made  by  Barclay — because  Barclay's  letter  to  him  only  says, 
"  a  proposition  was  made."  But  Porter's  letter  explicitly  says 
that  it  was  made  by  Barclay.  Mr.  Canning's  object  still  seemed 
to  be  to  ascertain  what  we  would  do ;  and  he  manifested  a  dis 
position  to  change  the  proposal  from  an  engagement  not  to  for 
tify,  to  a  stipulation  not  to  occupy  the  islands.  He  enquired  if 
we  should  be  willing  to  extend  the  agreement  to  other  islands 
throughout  the  line. 

I  told  him  my  authority  was  limited  to  an  agreement  re 
specting  the  islands  at  the  mouth  of  Detroit  River,  and  that  it 
was  suggested  merely  to  remove  the  fears  and  scruples  of  Mr. 
Barclay.  He  was  afraid  of  the  use  we  should  make  of  the 
islands  which  would  fall  within  our  line.  We  were  willing  to 
remove  those  fears  by  agreeing,  in  the  only  way  by  which  we 


472  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

coulcl  agree,  not  to  fortify  them.  But  this  engagement  must, 
of  course,  be  reciprocal.  He  finally  came  to  where  he  was  at 
first — that  he  had  no  authority  to  interfere.  Upon  Wilcocke's 
case,  too,  he  said  he  had  done  all  in  his  power,  but  the  Gov 
ernor  of  Canada  had  no  authority  to  discharge  him.  He  was 
confined  for  debt.  What  could  he  do  ?  I  said  that,  as  the  man 
had  been  acquitted  upon  all  the  criminal  prosecutions,  and  as 
the  persons  at  whose  suit  he  was  confined  were  men  over  whom 
it  was  presumable  the  Governor  had  a  personal  influence,  and 
as  it  was  not  likely  anything  would  ever  be  recovered  of  him 
by  keeping  him  in  prison,  I  thought  a  hint  might  be  given  to 
him  that  it  would  be  well  for  him  to  let  Wilcocke  be  dis 
charged.  He  did  not  specially  reply  to  this  intimation,  but 
induced  me  to  suppose  he  would  comply  with  it. 

As  to  the  Navigation  Acts,  he  said  he  saw  there  was  some 
movement  concerning  them;  referring  to  the  Norfolk  resolu 
tions  and  the  message  from  the  Governor  of  Virginia. 

I  told  him  there  were  also  counter-movements  in  the  West 
Indies,  and  referred  him  to  the  petition  from  the  island  of  St. 
Christopher's  to  the  House  of  Commons.  I  added  that  the 
President  of  the  Board  of  Trade,  Robinson,  and,  I  believed,  the 
Marquis  of  Londonderry,  were  at  heart  in  favor  of  relaxation. 

He  said  the  last  words  that  the  Marquis  had  said  to  him  had 
been,  that  there  was  not  the  remotest  prospect  of  the  movement 
of  that  interest. 

That,  I  said,  might  be,  though  his  Lordship's  opinion  might 
be  different. 

The  conversation  closed  with  some  remarks  of  a  soothing 
and  almost  apologetic  nature  from  Mr.  Canning  about  warm 
tempers  and  amicable  dispositions. 

2d.  I  took  over  to  the  President  a  translation  of  the  Spanish 
Minister  Anduaga's  letter  of  2/th  December  to  me,  and  a  copy 
of  my  answer.  Mr.  Thompson,  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  came 
in  immediately  afterwards.  There  was  some  conversation  re 
lating  to  the  capture  by  Lieutenant  Stockton,  in  the  Alligator, 
of  a  Portuguese  vessel  which  fired  upon  him,  mistaking  him 
for  a  South  American  privateer.  Stockton  has  sent  her  into 
Boston.  The  President  read  a  letter  which  he  had  written  to 


1 822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

General  Jackson,  accepting  his  resignation  as  Governor  of  Flor 
ida.  It  was  expressed  in  warm  though  general  terms  of  regard, 
and  Mr.  Thompson  objected  that  it  would  import  the  President's 
approbation  of  General  Jackson's  late  transactions  in  Florida. 
This  led  to  some  discussion  of  them,  in  which  Mr.  Thompson 
admitted  that  he  had  a  very  imperfect  knowledge  of  all  the  cir 
cumstances,  not  having  seen  a  great  portion  of  the  papers,  but 
upon  the  facts,  as  far  as  he  was  acquainted  with  them,  his 
opinion  was  unfavorable  to  Jackson.  The  President  asked  him 
to  read  all  the  papers;  which  he  promised  to  do.  The  President 
asked  me  if  I  thought  the  expressions  in  the  letter  were  too 
strong.  I  said  they  were  such  that,  after  receiving  the  letter, 
General  Jackson  would  naturally  not  expect  that  the  President 
would  at  any  future  period  express  public  disapprobation  of 
anything  done  by  him  as  Governor  of  Florida.  But,  in  my 
opinion,  there  was  not  one  word  too  much.  General  Jackson 
I  thought  had  done  nothing,  with  the  exception  of  the  papers 
seized  at  St.  Augustine,  but  what  he  had  a  right  to  do.  It  was 
indeed  impossible  for  me  to  scan  the  actions  of  General  Jack 
son  as  I  might  those  of  an  indifferent  person.  General  Jackson 
had  rendered  such  services  to  this  nation  that  it  was  impos 
sible  for  me  to  contemplate  his  character  or  conduct  without 
veneration.  But,  setting  this  aside,  in  the  whole  of  his  trans 
actions  with  Callava  and  Fromentin  I  saw  nothing  in  what 
Jackson  did  which  he  had  not  the  right,  nay,  more,  which  he 
was  not  bound  in  duty,  to  do.  As  to  the  banishment  of  the 
Spanish  officers,  as  a  question  of  expediency,  General  Jackson 
might  perhaps  have  despised  their  insolent  publication  in  the 
newspapers,  but  I  had  no  doubt  of  his  right  to  order  them 
away;  and  the  same  thing  had  been  done  in  Louisiana.  Dr. 
Bronaugh  told  me  he  believed  that  General  Jackson  did  not 
know  of  the  agreement  between  Butler  and  Coppinger  con 
cerning  the  papers  at  St.  Augustine.  And  if  Jackson  should 
himself  state  this,  it  would  furnish  an  answer  to  that  part  of 
the  complaint. 

The  President  gave  me  the  letter,  to  have  it  copied  at  the 
office  and  sent  to  the  General ;  but  he  afterwards  sent  me  a 
note  asking  me  to  return  it  to  him,  to  make  some  slight  modi- 


474  MEMOIRS   OF  JO  PIN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

fications  in  it,  and  it  was  sent  back.  After  Mr.  Thompson 
withdrew,  I  spoke  to  the  President  of  the  call  by  Trimble  for 
all  the  papers  which  had  been  sent  to  the  Committee  of  Foreign 
Relations,  and  to  the  composition  of  that  committee  itself.  I  told 
him  that  there  were  subjects  upon  which  I  had  hoped  I  should 
never  be  under  the  necessity  of  speaking  to  him,  or,  if  ever,  not 
till  the  very  close  of  his  Administration.  But  things  had  been 
so  prematurely  forced  on  that  they  were  now  infecting,  and 
would  continue  to  infect,  every  measure  of  this  Administration. 
I  reminded  him  of  the  offer  which  J.  W.  Taylor  had  made,  of 
friendliness  to  the  Administration,  before  the  commencement 
of  the  session  of  Congress  ;  of  the  proposal  that  I  had  made  to 
him,  by  the  use  of  such  influence  upon  members  friendly  to  the 
Executive  as  might  properly  be  exercised,  to  permit,  or  rather 
not  prevent,  the  re-election  of  Taylor  as  Speaker.  He  had 
thought  it  an  obligation  of  duty  to  avoid  all  interference  in  the 
election,  in  consequence  of  which  I  had  felt  it  my  duty  to  use 
the  same  forbearance.  But  others  had  not  so  abstained.  I  had 
at  that  time  a  conversation  with  Mr.  Calhoun,  in  which  I  had 
endeavored  to  persuade  him  merely  to  permit  the  re-election  of 
Taylor,  but  without  success.  He  and  Mr.  Thompson  had  effect 
ually  prevented  the  re-election  of  Taylor.  But  they  could  not 
accomplish  the  election  of  either  of  the  men  whom  they  had 
intended  for  his  substitute.  The  result  had  been  a  Speaker 
whom  nobody  had  expected,  and  certainly  not  very  friendly  to 
the  Administration.  It  had  always  been  considered  as  a  prac 
tical  rule  that  the  Committee  of  Foreign  Relations  should  be 
the  confidential  medium  of  communication  between  the  Ad 
ministration  and  Congress.  The  Speaker  had  now  appointed  a 
committee  entirely  new,  of  members  chiefly  known  to  be  hostile 
to  the  Administration,  with  a  Chairman  generally  understood 
to  be  at  personal  variance  with  me.  To  this  committee  all  the 
papers  relating  to  a  complicated  and  delicate  pending  negotia 
tion  with  France  are  confidentially  committed,  and  the  next 
day  one  of  the  members  of  the  committee  offers  a  resolution 
calling  for  them  all.  And,  while  this  is  going  on,  last  Friday 
evening  a  deputation  from  a  small  number  of  members  of  Con 
gress  waited  upon  Mr.  Calhoun  at  his  house  and  invited  him 


i822.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

to  stand  as  a  candidate  at  the  next  Presidential  election,  to 
which  he  assented.  The  next  day,  in  a  Gazette  of  this  city,  a 
piece  of  three  columns  of  the  vilest  and  foulest  slander  upon 
me  is  published,  and  from  that  day  no  conclave  of  cardinals 
was  ever  more  belabored  with  caballing  than  Congress  have 
been  to  make  partisans  for  the  new  candidate.  All  this  was  a 
natural  consequence  of  the  position  in  which  the  members  of 
an  Administration  were  placed  towards  one  another  by  Mr. 
Jefferson's  principle  of  limiting  the  Presidential  service  to  eight 
years.  I  could  solemnly  declare  that  all  my  views  hitherto 
had  been  exclusively  confined  to  the  support  of  his  Adminis 
tration.  It  was  with  that  view  alone  that  I  had  proposed  to 
accept  the  proffer  of  Mr.  Taylor.  It  was  very  unfortunate  for 
the  Administration  that  this  offer  had  not  been  accepted.  I 
should  continue  to  act  on  the  same  principles  as  long  as  it 
would  be  possible ;  but,  in  the  way  things  were  now  working, 
I  knew  not  how  long  this  might  be. 

The  President  said  he  was  fully  aware  that  such  always  had 
been  my  conduct ;  that  he  had  been  perfectly  satisfied  with  my 
service,  and  hoped  I  should  continue  it  during  the  remainder 
of  his  Administration ;  that  from  the  interest  always  taken  by 
the  members  of  Congress  in  the  Presidential  election,  it  was 
natural  that  the  prominent  members  of  an  Administration 
should,  by  their  respective  friends,  be  considered  as  competi 
tors  for  the  succession  to  the  Presidency,  and  there  was  no 
question  but  that  the  diverse  views  of  different  members  of 
Congress  with  reference  to  the  succession  would  affect  very 
materially  their  conduct  in  relation  to  depending  measures. 
He  believed  that  any  movement  by  members  of  Congress  now 
would  be  premature,  and  of  little  effect  upon  the  ultimate  result. 
He  had  been  during  a  certain  period  of  Mr.  Madison's  Admin 
istration  in  a  predicament  not  unlike  that  of  the  present  time. 
With  regard  to  the  management  of  the  war,  General  Armstrong 
being  at  the  head  of  that  Department,  he  (Mr.  Monroe)  had 
from  various  circumstances  entertained  the  opinion  that  Mr. 
Madison  did  not  give  due  weight  to  his  own  opinions  of  mili 
tary  measures  to  be  adopted.  The  succession  then,  too,  min 
gled  itself  with  everything  in  Congress,  and  at  a  most  critical 


476  MEMOIRS    OF   JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

period  of  the  war.  In  order  to  take  away  from  those  who  were 
thus  disposed  the  motive  for  such  caballing,  he  had  requested 
some  of  his  particular  friends,  among  whom  Mr.  Hugh  Nelson 
was  one,  to  say  that  he  desired  his  name  might  be  discarded  as 
a  candidate  for  the  succession  to  the  Presidency;  and  if  the  war 
had  continued,  an  arrangement  to  that  effect  was  actually  made, 
and  the  name  of  another  person  was  to  have  been  brought  for 
ward.  After  the  close  of  the  war,  however,  no  great  interest  of 
the  country  being  at  stake,  it  was  not  thought  necessary  further 
to  pursue  that  plan.  With  regard  to  the  person  who  might  be 
chosen  as  his  successor,  from  the  relations  between  the  several 
members  of  the  Administration  and  himself,  he  felt  it  his  duty 
to  take  no  part  in  favor  of  or  against  any  one. 

I  said  this  was  what  I  should  have  expected,  and  was  in  my 
own  opinion  the  only  proper  course  to  be  pursued  by  him  ;  and 
I  added  that  if  in  the  progress  of  his  Administration  any  simi 
lar  crisis  to  that  of  which  he  had  spoken  should  arise,  wherein 
the  withdrawal  of  my  name  from  all  consideration  as  a  candi 
date  would  subserve  any  purpose  useful  to  the  country,  I  should 
very  cheerfully  imitate  his  example. 

He  said  he  could  see  no  possible  occasion  for  that,  and  there 
might  be  occasions  on  which  a  vindication  of  my  character 
from  obloquy  in  the  public  prints  would  be  proper. 

I  observed  that  as  to  Mr.  Russell,  I  knew  of  no  other  cause 
of  personal  dissatisfaction  on  his  part  to  me  than  the  fact  of  his 
not  having  been  sent  on  a  foreign  mission  since  his  return  from 
Sweden,  which  he  might  perhaps  attribute  to  me.  I  had  never 
borne  him  personally  any  ill  will.  The  personal  intercourse  be 
tween  him  and  me  had  begun  by  my  rendering  him  a  service  of 
great  importance  to  him.  I  had  afterwards  corresponded  with 
him  as  Charge  d' Affaires  in  France  and  England.  We  had  acted 
together  as  Ministers  at  Ghent,  having  always  been  upon  terms 
of  good  understanding  together.  How  far  Mr.  Russell  had  acted 
the  part  of  a  friend  to  me  or  done  justice  to  my  character  when 
he  (the  President)  consulted  him  with  a  view  to  appointing  me 
as  Secretary  of  State,  he  knew  as  well  as  I.  Mr.  Russell's 
conduct  and  testimony  on  that  occasion  was  well  known  to  me. 
I  was  not  unacquainted  with  the  efforts  which  had  then  been 


1 822.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

made  to  stagger  his  confidence  in  me ;  but  the  only  memory 
which  I  wished  to  retain  of  it  was  his  resistance  to  them,  and 
his  perseverance  in  calling  me  to  the  station  in  opposition  to 
them.  This  I  should  never  forget;  but  I  retained  no  resent 
ment  against  Mr.  Russell.  In  August,  1817,  I  had  seen  him 
at  Quincy,  when  he  was  just  on  the  point  of  sailing  to  return 
to  Sweden.  He  had  then  told  me  that  he  thought  himself 
entitled  to  a  better  mission,  and  expressed  some  inclination  for 
that  of  Russia.  And  I  appealed  to  the  recollection  of  the 
President  that  I  had  informed  him  of  this  very  soon  after  I 
came  here.  He  remembered  it,  and  said  that  Mr.  Russell  was 
under  obligations  to  him.  He  had  aided  in  advancing  him  in 
the  diplomatic  career  as  far  as  the  public  sentiment  would  pos 
sibly  bear ;  and  had  told  him  when  he  last  returned  to  Sweden 
that  it  was  not  expected  the  mission  would  be  for  more  than 
one  year.  I  might  tell  him  from  1dm  that  his  mind  had  been 
so  fully  made  up  on  the  subject  that  if  I  had  made  ever  so 
earnest  recommendation  of  Russell  for  a  foreign  mission,  he 
should  not  have  appointed  him.  His  opinion  was  that  the 
Executive  had  favored  him  as  far  as  was  consistent  with  pro 
priety  ;  that  Mr.  Russell's  proper  course  was,  after  the  close 
of  that  mission,  to  come  home  and  be  brought  forward  in  the 
line  of  popular  support ;  to  serve  in  the  State  Legislature  and 
in  Congress  for  some  time ;  to  manifest  his  qualifications  for 
public  office  before  the  country  and  the  world,  after  which  he 
would  stand  on  fair  pretensions  for  employment  abroad  in  com 
petition  with  others. 

We  attended  an  evening  party  at  Mr.  Thompson's,  the  Secre 
tary  of  the  Navy.  I  had  conversations  with  R.  King  and  J. 
W.  Taylor  upon  the  state  of  our  commercial  relations  with 
France.  Taylor  says  Trimble  told  Russell  that  he  moved  the 
call  for  the  French  negotiation  papers  to  relieve  him  from 
embarrassment  arising  from  his  personal  misunderstanding 
with  me;  which  imputation  Russell  repelled  with  some  re 
sentment.  I  had  also  some  conversation  with  Mr.  Van  Buren 
concerning  General  Jackson's  Florida  concerns. 

3d.  W.  Plumer,  of  New  Hampshire,  was  at  the  office,  and  told 
me  he  had  this  morning  seen  and  conversed  with  Mr.  Calhoun, 


478  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

who  had  assured  him  that  his  assent  to  stand  as  a  candidate  at 
the  next  election  for  the  Presidency  was  qualified — a  candidate 
against  any  Southern  man.  His  own  opinion  had  invariably 
been  in  favor  of  a  Northern  man  for  the  next  President,  and 
personally  for  me.  But  the  intimation  given  to  him  had  been 
that  I  should  have  no  support  from  the  North  ;  and  in  that  case 
he  had  been  willing  to  stand  against  any  Southern  man,  and 
particularly  against  Mr.  Crawford,  whose  principles  and  char 
acter  he  could  not  approve. 

I  asked  Plumer  if  Calhoun  had  told  him  that  he  had  spoken 
in  the  same  manner  to  the  deputation  that  went  to  his  house 
and  invited  him  to  stand  as  a  candidate. 

He  had  not.  Plumer  thought  it  would  be  advisable  that 
some  manifestation  from  the  North  should  be  made  as  evidence 
of  opinions  there.  The  Massachusetts  and  Maine  Legislatures 
are  now  in  session.  Maine  has  been  so  canvassed  against  the 
current  for  three  years  as  not  to  be  yet  prepared  to  act ;  and 
I  told  Plumer  that  if  a  legislative  opinion  should  now  be  taken 
in  Massachusetts,  I  should  wish  it  might  be  confined  to  the 
Republican  party,  and  with  express  assignment  of  the  move 
ments  in  South  Carolina  and  here  as  the  occasion  of  it.  He 
said  he  would  write  to  .Fuller. 

Mr.  Mark  L.  Hill  called  here.  He  spoke  of  the  state  of  poli 
tics  in  the  State  of  Maine ;  of  Mr.  Parris,  who  from  being  the 
District  Judge  has  been  elected  Governor,  and  of  the  candidates 
for  the  office  vacated  by  Parris;  Ames,  Williamson,  and  Ware. 
Hill  talked  as  he  always  does,  indecisively,  but  he  obviously 
meant  me  to  believe  him  to  be  in  favor  of  Ames.  He  also 
spoke  of  the  Presidential  electioneering  now  going  on  here, 
and  of  the  prospects  of  Mr.  Crawford,  which  he  thought  now 
not  specially  promising.  I  told  him  Mr.  Crawford's  prospects 
were  fairer  in  the  State  of  Maine  than  in  any  other  of  the 
Union;  for  Governor  King  had  been  canvassing  for  him  there 
these  three  years.  He  professed,  with  some  hesitancy,  not  to 
have  been  acquainted  with  this  fact;  but  he  knew  it  as  well  as 
I  did.  Hill  is  a  man  of  a  mild  temper  and  moderate  abilities, 
whose  great  concern  is  to  be  on  the  strongest  side. 

4th.  At  the  office.     I  had  a  second  letter  from  the  Portu- 


1822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE. 

guese  Charge  d'Affaires,  Amado,  claiming  restitution  of  the 
vessel  sent  into  Boston  by  Lieutenant  Stockton.  The  vessel 
is  libelled  in  the  District  Court  at  Boston.  I  went  immediately 
to  the  President,  and  proposed  to  him  that  instructions  should 
be  given  to  G.  Blake,  the  District  Attorney,  to  cause  the  vessel 
to  be  given  up  on  the  most  indulgent  terms  possible.  The 
President  sent  for  Mr.  Thompson,  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  who 
came,  and  agreed  to  write  to  the  officer  commanding  at  the 
navy-yard  at  Charlestown  instructing  him  to  deliver  up  the 
vessel  to  the  Portuguese  captain ;  for  which  he  required  a 
written  request  from  me.  I  accordingly,  on  returning  to  my 
office,  wrote  him  a  note  and  a  letter  to  G.  Blake  ;  drafted  also 
a  dispatch  to  R.  Rush. 

The  President  told  me  that  a  very  unpleasant  affair  had  oc 
curred  yesterday,  and  had  not  yet  terminated.  The  Postmaster 
at  Albany,  Solomon  Southwick,  was  to  be  removed  by  the 
Postmaster-General  for  delinquency  in  his  accounts.  A  recom 
mendation  of  General  Van  Rensselaer  to  be  his  successor  had 
been  signed  by  twenty-two  of  the  members  of  the  New  York 
delegation,  and  of  all  the  political  parties.  The  Postmaster- 
General  came  to  him  yesterday  and  told  him  of  these  circum 
stances,  adding  that  his  mind  was  made  up  to  appoint  General 
Van  Rensselaer,  unless  the  .President  had  an  objection  against 
him.  The  President  said  he  had  himself  no  objection,  but  he 
would  wish  to  consult  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy. 

He  accordingly  saw  Mr.  Thompson,  who  objected  in  the 
strongest  manner.  But  he  informed  Vice-President  Tompkins 
and  the  New  York  Senator,  Van  Buren,  of  it,  and  they  had 
been  exasperated  against  it  to  such  a  degree  that  Tompkins 
broke  out  into  the  most  violent  language  against  the  President 
himself,  and  in  presence  of  a  person  who  he  must  have  known 
would  report  all  he  said  to  him.  And  thus  the  matter  now 
stands.  Mr.  Thompson  came  in  while  the  President  was  re 
lating  to  me  these  circumstances,  upon  which  he  changed  the 
subject  of  conversation. 

5th.  R.  C.  Mallary,  a  member  of  the  House  of  Representa 
tives  from  Vermont,  called  at  the  office  at  my  request.  He  had 
written  to  me,  at  the  desire  of  the  Governor  of  Vermont,  to 


480  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [January, 

enquire  what  had  been  done  in  the  case  of  S.  H.  Wilcocke,  the 
man  who  was  carried  out  of  that  State  and  is  now  in  prison  at 
Montreal. 

I  told  him  the  substance  of  the  correspondence  and  conver 
sations  between  Mr.  Canning  and  me  concerning  Wilcocke, 
read  to  him  the  answer  of  Mr.  Griswold,  the  District  Attorney 
in  Vermont,  to  the  letter  which  I  had  written  to  him  in  the 
case,  and  gave  him  the  reasons  for  which  we  had  abstained 
from  pressing  more  decisively  upon  the  Canadian  Government 
for  his  discharge.  Mallary  declared  himself  entirely  satisfied, 
and  admitted  the  mutual  public  benefit  on  that  frontier  of  occa 
sional  recoveries,  though  not  altogether  regular,  of  fugitive 
malefactors. 

Mr.  Poinsett,  a  member  from  South  Carolina,  came  to  ask 
for  the  perusal  of  the  diplomatic  correspondence  with  the 
French  Government,  and  particularly  the  calculations  of  Mr. 
Gallatin.  They  are  all  in  the  possession  of  committees  of  the 
two  Houses,  and  I  referred  him  to  the  Chairman. 

A  note  from  the  President  summoned  an  immediate  meet 
ing  of  the  members  of  the  Administration,  which  was  fully 
attended.  It  was  upon  the  appointment  of  the  Postmaster  at 
Albany.  There  was  a  letter  from  the  Vice-President  and  both 
the  New  York  Senators,  R.  King  and  Van  Buren,  requesting 
that  the  appointment  might  be  delayed  a  fortnight  to  give  time 
to  hear  from  Albany.  The  Postmaster-General,  R.  J.  Meigs,  Jr., 
was  at  the  President's,  and  was  called  in.  Upon  enquiry  from 
the  President,  he  said  that  he  had  determined  to  appoint  imme 
diately  General  Van  Rensselaer,  unless  the  President  should 
object  against  it.  His  motives  for  making  the  appointment 
were,  that  twenty-two  members  of  the  New  York  delegation, 
eleven  of  whom  were  Bucktails,  seven  Clintonians,  and  four 
federalists,  had  signed  a  written  recommendation  of  him.  He 
had  served  as  an  officer  in  the  late  war,  and  was  suffering  for 
life  from  the  effect  of  wounds  received  in  it.  There  could  be 
no  doubt  that  his  appointment  would  be  acceptable  to  the 
people  of  Albany,  for  it  was  by  their  suffrages  that  he  was  now 
the  Representative  in  Congress  of  their  district ;  and,  finally,  no 
other  candidate  had  been  presented  to  his  consideration. 


i822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

Mr.  Thompson  asked  if  the  late  Chancellor,  Lansing,  had 
not  been  named  to  him.  He  said,  no,  and  added  that  Mr. 
Lansing  was  nearly  seventy  years  of  age. 

I  enquired  if  there  would  be  any  inconvenience  in  delaying 
the  appointment  for  a  fortnight.  He  said  there  would  ;  that 
Southwick  would  in  the  mean  time  be  receiving  the  money 
of  the  public,  and  the  longer  he  remained  in  office  the  greater 
would  be  the  amount  of  his  delinquency. 

I  asked  if  his  deputy  could  not  be  authorized  to  act  in  the 
interval.  He  said  his  deputy  was  of  his  own  family  and  would 
be  under  his  control. 

After  he  withdrew,  the  President  said  he  thought  it  very 
questionable  whether  he  ought  to  interfere  in  the  case  at  all. 

And  now  a  warm  discussion  arose,  with  much  diversity  of 
opinions.  Wirt  said  that  the  determination  now  not  to  interfere 
would  itself  be  an  interference,  and  he  severely  censured  the 
Postmaster-General  for  asking  at  all  the  opinion  of  the  Presi 
dent,  after  having  made  up  his  own  mind.  It  was  an  attempt 
to  put  off  his  own  responsibility  upon  the  President.  Crawford 
concurred  in  this  opinion. 

I  said  I  did  not  see  his  conduct  exactly  in  the  same  light. 
The  law  gave  the  appointment  of  all  the  Postmasters  exclu 
sively  to  the  Postmaster-General ;  but  he  himself  was  remova 
ble  from  his  own  office  at  the  pleasure  of  the  President.  Now, 
Mr.  Granger  had  been  removed  with  disgrace  by  President 
Madison  for  appointing  Dr.  Leib  Postmaster  at  Philadelphia. 
Mr.  Meigs,  therefore,  in  determining  to  appoint  General  Van 
Rensselaer,  not  only  exercised  a  right,  but  performed  a  duty  of 
his  office;  but,  with  the  example  of  Mr.  Granger's  dismission 
before  him,  it  was  quite  justifiable  in  him  to  consult  the  Presi 
dent's  wish,  with  the  declared  intention  of  conforming  to  it.  I 
thought  I  should  have  done  the  same  under  similar  circum 
stances. 

Mr.  Wirt  and  Mr.  Crawford  then  shifted  their  ground  of 
censure  upon  the  Postmaster-General  to  the  charge  of  having 
told  Van  Rensselaer  himself,  and  others,  of  his  intention  to 
appoint  him,  unless  the  President  should  object.  Even  in  this 
I  saw  nothing  to  censure.  The  grounds  upon  which  he  had 

VOL.  V. — 31 


482  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QU1NCY  ADAMS,  [January, 

resolved  to  make  the  appointment  were  solid  and  sufficient.  If 
the  President  had  objections,  it  was  proper  that  he  should  be 
responsible  for  them.  Mr.  Thompson  hinted  that  as  to  Van 
Rensselaer's  character,  much  might  be  said  against  that,  but 
he  did  not  incline  to  say  it.  Mr.  Wirt  and  Mr.  Crawford  then 
insisted  that  if  the  President  should  decline  interfering,  it  should 
be  on  a  general  principle  that  he  would  in  no  case  of  a  post-office 
appointment  interfere. 

I  thought,  on  the  contrary,  that  the  special  circumstances 
of  this  case  were  sufficient,  and  ought  to  be  the  only  reasons 
assigned  for  declining  to  interfere.  There  might  be  cases  in 
which  it  would  be  quite  proper  that  the  President  should  inter 
fere ;  and  I  said  I  hoped  he  would  not  preclude  himself  from 
the  use  of  influence  on  a  proper  occasion,  by  extending  beyond 
its  necessary  limits  the  ground  of  declining  to  act  at  this  time. 
Crawford  said  then  the  law  ought  to  be  changed.  I  said  that 
might  be.  And  Crawford  adverted  to  a  joint  report  made  by 
him  and  Mr.  Monroe  in  1816,  which  had  recommended  that 
all  the  Postmasters  whose  salaries  amounted  to  two  thousand 
dollars  should  be  appointed  by  nomination  to  the  Senate. 

The  effect  of  this  would  be  to  transfer  patronage  from  the 
Postmaster-General  to  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury,  through 
whom  all  applications  for  those  appointments  would  be  made. 
The  President,  without  declaring  how  he  should  decide,  re 
quested  Mr.  Thompson  when  the  meeting  broke  up  to  remain 
with  him.  Calhoun  took  scarcely  any  part  in  the  discussion, 
but  after  we  came  out  from  the  President's  said  that  the  con 
duct  of  the  Postmaster-General  had  been  perfectly  correct. 
Why  did  he  not  say  so  while  the  discussion  was  going  on  at 
the  President's?  The  four  members  of  the  House  from  New 
York  who  did  not  sign  the  recommendation  of  Van  Rens- 
selaer  are  Pitcher,  Walworth,  Litchfield,  and  McCarty ;  and 
two  of  them  told  Van  Rensselaer  that  they  wished  he  might 
be  appointed,  although  they  declined  signing  the  paper. 

6th.  I  had  much  conversation  with  Edwards,  wrho  told  me 
much  of  Crawford's  electioneering  practices  at  the  public  ex 
pense.  D.  P.  Cook  has  offered  a  resolution  in  the  House  of 
Representatives  calling  upon  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury 


1 822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

for  information,  which  will  show  the  appointment  of  Jesse  B. 
Thomas,  a  Senator  from  the  State  of  Illinois,  to  examine  land 
offices  and  banks  in  four  or  five  of  the  Western  States.  And 
under  this  commission  Thomas  has  been  travelling  from  land 
office  to  land  office,  over  all  those  States,  everywhere  can 
vassing  for  Crawford  and  reviling  me.  Edwards  says  that  at 
Zanesville  Thomas  had  a  sharp  quarrel  with  two  men  because 
they  would  not  pledge  themselves  to  support  the  election  of 
Crawford.  Edwards  laughed  at  me,  too,  for  having  last  winter 
appointed  Radcliffto  go  for  the  votes  of  the  State  of  Mississippi. 
He,  too,  took  three  months  to  perform  his  journey,  which  he 
ought  to  have  completed  in  six  weeks,  and  went  electioneering 
•for  Crawford  all  the  way.  The  poor  creature  died  a  few  weeks 
after  he  came  back.  Now,  Crawford  has  been  seven  years  work 
ing  himself  up-hill  in  this  manner,  and  has  three  years  more  to 
work  himself  up  to  the  summit.  What  chance  against  him  will 
a  man  have  who  neither  can  nor  will  use  such  means  ? 

D.  P.  Cook  was  here.  I  told  him  that  his  undertaking  to 
put  down  corruption  by  open  and  direct  attack  was  bold  and 
magnanimous,  but  full  of  peril;  and  that  had  he  consulted  me 
as  a  friend  before  he  produced  his  resolutions,  I  should  have 
advised  him  many  times  to  look  before  he  took  the  leap.  He 
said  he  was  sure  of  his  facts,  and  if  he  could  do  nothing  with 
him  in  Congress  he  would  expose  them  to  the  view  of  the 
people.  He  thought  the  appointment  of  Thomas  to  examine 
the  land  offices  a  violation  of  the  spirit  both  of  the  Constitu 
tion  and  of  a  law  of  Congress.  It  was,  he  believed,  a  violation 
of  their  letter — perhaps  in  that  he  might  be  mistaken.  He 
could  not  be  mistaken  in  the  opinion  that  it  was  essentially 
corrupt. 

I  asked  him  if  in  the  debates  that  would  arise  he  could  reckon 
upon  support  in  the  House.  He  said  he  had  been  assured 
of  support  from  several  members  of  distinguished  talents  and 
influence.  He  said  he  should  offer  another  resolution  for  in 
formation,  the  return  of  which  would  show  the  loss  of  large 
sums  of  money  to  the  public  by  deposits  of  it  in  banks  known 
to  be  insolvent,  with  stipulations  that  they  should  have  the 
benefit  of  it  for  six  months.  This  made  all  the  directors  of  all 


484  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

these  broken  banks  in  the  Western  country  ardent  electioneer 
ing  partisans  for  Crawford.  It  was  done  particularly  for  the 
Bank  of  St.  Louis,  in  Missouri,  negotiated  here  by  Benton,  the 
Senator,  who,  when  the  bank  broke,  published  in  the  news 
papers  that  he  had  had  no  agency  in  the  direction  of  their 
affairs,  because  he  had  been  absent  all  the  time  at  Washington. 

7th.  I  received  a  third  and  very  petulant  letter  from  Mr. 
Amado  Grehon,  demanding  a  categorical  answer  whether  we 
would  or  would  not  restore  the  Portuguese  vessel  taken  by  the 
Alligator.  Instead  of  answering  it  in  the  same  style,  I  sent 
for  him,  and  told  him  I  had  written  to  the  District  Attorney  at 
Boston  urging  the  restoration  of  the  vessel  upon  the  easiest 
possible  terms.  I  took  to  the  President's  a  letter  from  Judge 
Fromentin  of  nth  December,  with  an  argument  to  maintain 
his  jurisdiction  against  the  President's  decision. 

The  President  told  me  that  he  had  answered  the  Postmaster- 
General  that  he  should  not  interfere  in  the  case  of  the  appoint 
ment  of  the  Postmaster  at  Albany.  We  had  an  evening  party 
of  about  four  hundred  persons,  and  dancing  till  near  midnight. 
J.  W.  Taylor  told  me  that  S.  Van  Rensselaer  had  already  got 
his  commission  as  Postmaster  at  Albany,  and  was  going  off 
to-morrow  morning. 


Here  occurs  another  gap  in  the  diary.  The  writer  resumes 
his  work  with  the  next  entry : 

Distress'd,  O  God,  in  body  and  in  mind, 
Still  to  Thy  pleasure  be  my  soul  resign'd. 
In  just  proportion  let  my  strength  compare 
With  all  the  trials  I  am  doom'd  to  bear. 
Oh,  guard  my  spirit  through  this  fitful  scene, 
To  Thee  submissive,  to  the  world  serene! 
For,  while  Thy  hands  affliction's  arrows  deal, 
Thy  hands  alone  the  wounds  they  give  can  heal. 

April  ist,  Monday.  I  make  one  more  effort  to  resume  my 
diary,  which  has  now  suffered  repeated  and  irreparable  inter 
ruptions.  I  abandon  definitively  the  attempt  to  keep  it  minute 


1 822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

and  circumstantial.  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's — Wirt 
only  absent.  Question  about  a  reprieve  or  pardon  of  Lanham,  a 
soldier  sentenced  to  be  hung  next  Thursday  for  the  murder  of 
Kelly — many  extenuating  circumstances.  Captain  Hook  sent 
for,  and  speaks  much  in  his  favor.  T.  Ringgold,  the  Marshal, 
brought  a  petition  in  his  favor.  Discussion  between  Crawford, 
who  denies,  and  Thompson,  who  asserts,  the  right  of  the  Presi 
dent  to  grant  a  conditional  pardon.  Crawford  strongly  inclines 
to  the  execution.  Calhoun  and  Thompson  waver.  I  gave  no 
opinion.  The  President  finally  desired  me  to  write  to  the 
Judges — Cranch,  Thruston,  and  Morsell — requesting  them,  and 
also  the  District  Attorney,  Swann,  to  come  to  his  house  at  one 
to-morrow.  I  sent  them  notes  accordingly.  Sent  my  reply  to 
Poletica,  and  received  a  stinger  from  Amado. 

2d.  Mr.  Canning  called  about  certain  claims  of  British  subjects 
to  lands  in  Alabama,  Mississippi,  and  the  Floridas.  He  had 
sent  me  a  paper  on  the  subject,  not  very  explicit — and  now 
hinted  at  some  arrangement  between  the  two  Governments 
concerning  it.  I  told  him  I  saw  nothing  to  treat  about. 

Canning  complained  of  some  reflections  upon  the  British 
Government  in  a  report  of  Mr.  Newton,  Chairman  of  the  Com 
mittee  of  Commerce,  to  the  House  of  Representatives.  I  told 
him  it  was  a  set-off  for  speeches  of  Lord  Londonderry  and 
Mr.  Vansittart  in  the  House  of  Commons. 

He  spoke  also  of  the  new  pretensions  of  Russia  on  the 
northwest  coast  of  America.  And  Mr.  Canning  said  he  hoped 
it  was  understood  that  he  had  not  used  any  expression  of  dis 
satisfaction  at  the  recognition  message. 

I  called  at  the  President's,  who  told  me  that  the  Judges 
(Cranch  and  Thruston)  had  been  with  him,  and  recommended 
Lanham  to  mercy.  He  would  therefore  reprieve  him  at  the 
foot  of  the  gallows. 

Mr.  Hyde  de  Neuville  came  at  four,  and  urgently  pressed  for 
an  answer  to  his  last  proposals,  and  said  he  wished  to  send  Mr. 
D'Aspremont  to  France,  to  go  next  week.  He  rambled  over 
the  subject  of  our  commercial  negotiation,  as  usual,  without 
coming  to  any  point.  I  promised  to  report  the  conversation  to 
the  President,  and  let  him  know  as  soon  as  possible  the  result. 


486  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

4th.  The  President  read  the  draft  of  a  message  I  had  drawn, 
to  go  to  the  House  of  Representatives  with  Mr.  Calhoun's 
report,  in  answer  to  a  call  of  the  House  enquiring  whether  the 
army  of  the  United  States  in  Florida  was  under  the  command 
of  the  Secretary,  or  of  their  officers.  He  approved  the  draft. 
He  has  under  consideration  the  reply  to  Anduaga's  protest. 

6th.  I  received  yesterday  a  note  from  the  French  Minister 
on  the  commercial  negotiation,  which  I  took  this  day  to  the 
President,  who  directed  a  Cabinet  meeting  to  be  held  upon  it 
on  Monday. 

7th.  In  the  evening  Mr.  De  Wolfe,  a  Senator  from  Rhode 
Island,  came  in  great  alarm,  expecting  that  the  British  Gov 
ernment  will,  within  a  month,  take  possession  of  the  island 
of  Cuba.  I  thought  his  apprehensions  at  least  premature, 
and  endeavored  to  reason  and  to  laugh  him  out  of  them — 
not  altogether  successfully. 

8th.  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's.  All  present  except 
Mr.  Wirt,  who  is  at  Annapolis.  The  President  read  the  draft 
of  a  long  message  which  he  proposed  to  send  to  both  Houses 
of  Congress,  explaining  his  views  in  the  construction  which  he 
gave  to  the  law  of  the  last  session  of  Congress  for  reducing 
the  army.  The  Senate  have  rejected  two  of  the  nominations 
of  the  officers  whom  he  had  appointed  during  the  recess,  and 
resolutions  have  been  offered  in  the  House  of  Representatives 
to  censure  those  appointments  as  not  conformable  to  the  law. 

Mr.  Crawford  gave  his  opinion  very  decidedly  against  the 
message,  which,  being  sent  while  a  measure  is  pending,  he 
thought  would  be  a  breach  of  privilege  and  extremely  offen 
sive.  He  gave  it  also  as  his  opinion  that  the  appointment  of 
Colonel  Towson  was  not  warranted  by  the  law,  and  was  in  vio 
lation  of  the  Constitution;  and.  he  said  he  had  told  Mr.  Wirt 
last  summer,  when  consulted  by  him,  that  this  was  his  opinion. 
His  objection  is  that  the  letter  of  the  Constitution  authorizing 
the  President  only  to  fill  by  temporary  appointments  to  vacan 
cies  which  happen  during  the  recess  of  Congress,  he  cannot, 
unless  specially  authorized  by  law,  fill  vacancies  which  happen 
while  Congress  are  in  session,  nor  offices  newly  created,  such 
as  Towson's.  This  opinion  he  maintained  with  great  pertinacity 


i822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

against  the  President  and  against  Calhoun.  Mr.  Thompson 
not  concurring  in  the  opinion,  yet  thought  the  message  should 
be  communicated  only  to  the  Senate. 

After  two  hours  of  discussion  without  coming  to  a  conclu 
sion,  the  President  took  up  the  note  of  the  5th  from  the  French 
Minister.  He  proposes  a  discriminating  duty  of  four  dollars 
and  a  half  a  ton  of  merchandise,  to  be  levied  as  an  extra  duty 
upon  American  merchandise  imported  into  France  in  Ameri 
can  vessels,  and  upon  French  merchandise  imported  into  the 
United  States  in  French  vessels.  I  am  persuaded  that  the 
admission  of  any  principle  of  discrimination  by  treaty  will  be 
dissatisfactory  to  the  people  of  this  country.  But  the  admis 
sion  of  this  principle  has  already  been  settled,  and  it  was  now 
determined  to  offer  a  duty  of  two  dollars,  or  even  three,  for 
eighteen  months,  to  be  afterwards  annually  reduced  by  one- 
eighth  till  notice  given  by  either  party  of  the  termination  of 
the  bargain,  which  is  also  proposed  by  Mr.  De  Neuville.  I 
am  to  prepare  a  draft  accordingly. 

loth.  Mr.  Canning  came  to  speak  again  of  the  claims  of 
British  subjects  in  the  States  of  Mississippi  and  Alabama  and 
in  Florida.  He  is  desirous  of  making  it  a  subject  of  legislation  ; 
but  I  told  him  I  thought  it  could  only  be  for  judicial  decision. 
We  diverged,  as  usual,  into  various  topics  of  politics,  among 
which  were  the  slave-trade  and  the  right  of  search. 

The  family  spent  the  evening  at  Dr.  Thornton's.  I  took  up 
the  census  of  1800,  with  a  view  to  compare  the  proportions  of 
persons  under  and  over  sixteen  years  of  age  with  those  of  the 
preceding  and  following  enumerations.  But,  on  examining  the 
general  aggregate  made  up  from  the  returns  of  the  census,  I 
found  a  number  of  gross  errors  of  computation,  or  of  the  press, 
which  made  it  necessary  for  me  to  cast  up  all  the  columns  to 
get  the  numbers  accurately.  It  kept  me  till  near  midnight, 
and  I  was  then  obliged  to  leave  it  unfinished.  I  cannot  start 
any  subject  of  speculative  enquiry,  not  immediately  connected 
with  the  duties  of  my  office,  without  encroaching  upon  the 
time  indispensable  for  discharging  them. 

1 2th.  Received  a  notice  from  the  President  for  a  Cabinet 
meeting  at  his  house  at  eleven  o'clock.  All  present  except 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

Mr.  Wirt.  The  President  had  concluded  to  send  his  message, 
concerning  the  execution  of  the  law  of  the  last  session  for 
reducing  the  army,  only  to  the  Senate.  He  had  modified  it 
accordingly,  and  read  the  alterations  he  had  made.  It  was 
agreed  that  this  message  would  be  proper  if  the  President 
had  determined  to  nominate  again  Colonel  Tov/son  and  Colonel 
Gadsden  after  they  had  been  rejected  by  the  Senate. 

Mr.  Crawford  expressed  doubts  of  the  expediency  of  the 
measure,  as  tending  to  excite  irritation  in  the  Senate,  and 
thought  it  probable  they  would  reject  the  nominations  again. 
I  had  intimated  to  the  President  similar  impressions  after  the 
last  Cabinet  meeting,  but  he  had  made  up  his  mind  to  send 
the  message.  He  told  me  that  the  opposition  in  the  Senate 
was  headed  by  John  Williams,  a  Senator  from  Tennessee, 
brother  of  Lewis  Williams,  a  member  of  the  House  from  North 
Carolina,  and  that  he  knew  its  motive.  He  did  not  further 
explain  himself;  but  the  motive  which  he  conjectured  was  that 
of  censuring  and  embarrassing  the  administration  of  the  War 
Department,  with  a  view  to  promote  Mr.  Crawford's  election  to 
the  Presidency.  Both  the  brothers  Williams  are  devoted  par 
tisans  of  Mr.  Crawford — the  Senator  from  Tennessee  a  very 
active  one  of  long  standing.  Crawford  has  heretofore  been 
somewhat  cautious  in  the  management  of  his  opposition,  but 
in  these  affairs  he  has  been  decisive  and  explicit ;  at  the  same 
time  repeating,  with  iteration  more  anxious  than  prudent,  that 
he  had  had  no  communication  with  any  members  of  the  Senate 
upon  the  subject,  and  did  not  know  on  what  grounds  they 
had  rejected  the  nominations  of  Towson  and  Gadsden.  Craw 
ford  makes  it  a  Constitutional  question  whether  Congress  can 
limit  the  selection  of  persons  to  whom  the  President's  right 
of  nomination  shall  be  confined,  for  appointment  to  office ;  for 
instance,  whether  a  law  could  confine  the  nomination  of  a 
Judge  or  Attorney-General  to  persons  learned  in  the  law ; 
Commissioners  of  the  navy  to  captains  in  the  naval  service, 
and  the  like.  The  President  entertains  the  same  opinion, 
and  has  expressed  it  in  the  message.  Mr.  Thompson,  the 
Secretary  of  the  Navy,  maintained  the  contrary,  to  which  I 
also  inclined. 


1822.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

After  I  returned  to  the  office,  Baron  Stackelberg,  the  Swedish 
Charge  d'Affaires,  came  to  renew  the  application  that  the  Pres 
ident  would  propose  to  Congress  the  adoption  of  a  total  repeal 
of  discriminating  duties  upon  importations  in  Norwegian  ves 
sels,  by  way  of  reciprocity  for  a  like  regulation  by  the  Govern 
ment  of  Norway  in  favor  of  American  vessels.  I  had  informed 
him  that  this  could  only  be  done  by  Congress,  and  he  had  con 
strued  the  expressions  of  civility  which  I  had  used  in  declining 
his  demand  of  this  reciprocation  of  a  privilege,  as  a  promise 
that  the  President  would  recommend  it  to  Congress.  I  never 
intended  to  make  such  a  promise,  but,  after  some  conversation 
with  him,  I  told  him  I  would  propose  to  the  President  to  send 
a  message,  with  copies  of  the  correspondence,  stating  the  de 
mand  of  reciprocity,  and  recommending  the  subject  to  the  con 
sideration  of  Congress  ;  but  that  it  was  not  probable  Congress 
would  agree  to  it,  because  it  would  affect  unfavorably  our  trade 
with  other  countries.  And  I  repeated  what  I  had  distinctly 
said  to  him  before,  that  as  the  Norwegian  regulation  had  been 
voluntary,  it  might  be  revoked  whenever  they  should  think 
proper. 

1 3th.  Mr.  R.  King  came  to  the  office,  charged  by  the  Com 
mittee  of  Foreign  Relations  of  the  Senate  to  make  a  number 
of  enquiries;  among  others,  whether  the  views  of  the  Execu 
tive  concerning  the  recognition  question  had  not  changed  since 
the  recent  news  from  Spain  that  the  Cortes  have  adopted  a 
resolution  declaring  that  they  would  consider  as  a  violation 
of  the  treaties  the  recognition  of  independence  of  their  Amer 
ican  provinces  while  their  dissensions  with  Spain  continue.  Mr. 
King  said  there  was  some  feverish  excitement  on  the  subject  in 
the  Senate,  and  asked  whether  it  might  not  be  the  wish  of  the 
President  now  to  delay  the  measures  of  recognition.  I  told 
him  I  would  take  the  directions  of  the  President  concerning  it 
and  inform  him,  but  I  did  not  think  the  President  would  see 
the  subject  in  any  other  light  for  what  had  passed  in  Spain. 
King  hinted  that  Mr.  Macon,  of  North  Carolina,  had  been  much 
staggered  by  the  news  from  Spain.  He  said  he  was  going  to 
call  upon  the  President  himself. 

I4th.  Mr.  Eustis,  the  Chairman  of  the  Committee  on  Mili- 


490  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

tary  Affairs  of  the  House  of  Representatives,  called  on  me, 
much  exasperated  at  the  message  of  the  President  insisting 
upon  the  continuance  of  the  fortifications  on  Dauphin  Island, 
which,  he  said,  was  a  direct  slap  in  the  face  of  the  committee. 

I  told  him  I  was  exceedingly  concerned  at  this  misunder 
standing  growing  up  between  the  President  and  both  Houses 
of  Congress,  and  that  he  ought  to  use  his  endeavors  to  con 
ciliate.  He  said  he  had  offered  a  compromise  to  one  of  the 
President's  friends,  and  to  propose  a  small  fortification  upon 
Dauphin  Island,  but  had  been  answered  that  the  House  would 
never  give  a  dollar  for  it.  He  said  that  ivomen  were  making 
themselves  very  busy  about  this  affair — Mrs.  Calhoun,  Mrs. 
Lovell,  Mrs.  Wool,  &c. ;  that  Gouverneur,  the  President's  son- 
in-law,  was  one  of  the  bondsmen  upon  Hawkins's  contract — 
great  advances  upon  which  had  been  made ;  that  Hawkins 
being  dead,  insolvent,  his  bondsmen  or  the  public  must  lose 
the  money ;  that  all  the  money  appropriated  last  year  for  Mobile 
Point  had  been  spent  upon  Fort  Monroe,  in  the  Chesapeake ; 
that  Gouverneur  had  said  to  Cocke  that  the  President  had  ap 
pealed  from  Congress  to  the  people,  and  asked  Cocke  what  he 
knew  about  fortifications  in  comparison  with  the  President  and 
the  Board  of  Engineers.  Eustis  said  he  felt  like  Uncle  Toby 
when  Trim  was  telling  him  a  melancholy  story — he  wished 
he  was  at  home  and  asleep.  I  am  strongly  suspicious  that  this 
Administration  will  not  hold  together  another  year.  It  is  at 
war  with  itself,  both  in  the  Executive,  and  between  the  Execu 
tive  and  the  Legislature.  It  is  time  to  be  prepared  for  any 
event. 

1 6th.  At  the  office,  Mr.  George  Hay  came  to  enquire  if  I  had 
known  of  any  example  of  a  committee  of  Congress  appointed 
to  sit  during  the  recess.  I  did  not.  He  said  he  had  been  told 
there  was  one  such  during  the  Administration  of  Mr.  Jefferson, 
but  he  thought  Congress  had  no  constitutional  authority  to  ap 
point  such  a  committee.  Mr.  Cocke,  of  Tennessee,  has  moved 
for  the  appointment  of  such  a  committee  to  examine  the  state 
of  the  Departments,  and  with  authority  to  send  for  persons 
and  papers.  I  asked  Hay  if  he  thought  the  resolution  would 
be  adopted.  He  said  he  believed  not,  but  economy  was  like 


1 822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

humanity,  a  magical  word,  a  spell  under  which  the  most  per 
nicious  projects  were  brought  to  pass,  and  he  did  not  know 
what  might  be  done  with  it. 

I  was  at  the  President's  with  various  papers — the  draft  of  a 
letter  to  the  French  Minister,  which  I  left  with  him;  Mr.  Rus 
sell's  Chinese  Diplomatics,  of  which  I  read  to  him  the  projected 
letter  from  the  President  to  the  Emperor  of  China.  It  sounds 
the  very  base-string  of  humility,  and  disgusts  me  more  and 
more  by  its  servile  fawning.  The  President  liked  it  no  better 
than  myself.  He  asked  me  to  make  another  draft. 

The  President  showed  me  a  letter  from  Mr.  Macon,  the  North 
Carolina  Senator,  to  him,  requesting  him  to  withdraw  the  nomi 
nation  of  his  friend,  the  late  Governor,  John  Branch,  to  the 
appointment  of  Judge  in  Florida,  which  he  is  sure  he  will  not 
accept,  and  regretting  that  he  had  recommended  him  for  the 
nomination  as  Governor,  which,  he  says,  he  should  not  have 
done  but  that  he  thought  it  was  the  President's  own  desire. 
Macon,  who  is  a  humorist  and  a  political  puritan,  takes  it  in 
high  dudgeon  that  his  friend  Branch  was  not  nominated  as 
Governor.  The  President  also  read  to  me  the  draft  of  his 
answer  declining  to  revoke  the  nomination,  and  assigning  his 
reasons  for  nominating  Mr.  Duval,  which  were  very  sufficient. 
Mr.  Calhoun  came  in  while  I  was  with  the  President.  Mr. 
Eaton,  the  Senator  from  Tennessee,  had  been  with  the  Presi 
dent,  and  told  him  that  there  would  be  objections  made  in 
the  Senate  to  confirming  the  nomination  of  Colonel  Smith  as 
a  Judge  in  Florida. 

1 8th.  I  was  at  the  President's,  and  conversed  with  him  upon 
a  variety  of  topics,  especially  relating  to  the  recognition  of  the 
Spanish  Americans.  I  urged  him  to  determine  upon  some 
system  of  proceeding  in  this  respect.  Already  a  number  of 
questions  have  arisen  which  may  have  important  consequences, 
and  any  false  step  now  would  be  severely  felt  hereafter.  The 
reception  of  Torres  as  Charge  d'Affaires  from  Colombia;  the 
pretension  of  De  Forrest  to  be  received  as  Consul-General 
and  Charge  d'Affaires  of  Buenos  Ayres ;  the  instructions  to  be 
given  to  Todd ;  the  question  whether  Ministers  shall  be  imme 
diately  appointed  or  only  reciprocated ;  De  Forrest's  pretension 


4Q2  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

that  Buenos  Ayres  should  be  first  recognized,  and  other  delicate 
questions,  should  be  settled  upon  full  deliberation.  The  Presi 
dent  directed  a  Cabinet  meeting  upon  all  these  subjects  for 
to-morrow,  at  one  o'clock.  He  now  read  my  draft  of  a  reply 
to  the  last  note  of  the  French  Minister.  He  desired  me  to 
communicate  it  to  the  other  members  of  the  Administration. 

1 9th.  Cabinet  meeting  of  four  hours,  from  one  to  five,  at  the 
President's,  where  the  various  questions  which  have  already 
arisen  from  the  recognition  of  the  new  Southern  Governments 
were  discussed.  The  first  was,  whether  Ministers  of  Plenipo 
tentiary  rank  should  be  immediately  sent  to  them  all,  or 
whether  we  should  wait  first  to  receive  Ministers  from  them, 
and  return  Ministers  of  the  same  rank  as  they  may  send  here. 
Mr.  Crawford  was  for  sending  immediately  four  Ministers, 
without  standing  upon  any  point  of  etiquette. 

I  thought  the  best  course  would  be  to  wait  and  reciprocate ; 
to  receive  Mr.  Torres  as  Charge  d'Affaires  from  the  republic 
of  Colombia;  to  receive  the  Minister  from  Mexico  when  he 
shall  arrive,  and  immediately  send  one  of  the  same  rank  in  re 
turn  ;  to  ascertain  from  the  Governments  of  Colombia,  Buenos 
Ayres,  and  Chili  upon  what  footing  they  wish  the  political 
relations  with  us  to  be  placed ;  and  to  send  Ministers  Plenipo 
tentiary  wherever  they  send  Ministers  of  that  rank  to  us. 

Mr.  De  Forrest's  claim  of  precedency  for  Buenos  Ayres  was 
considered.  It  was  agreed  that  it  could  not  be  admitted,  and 
determined  that  he  could  not  be  received  as  Consul  till  he 
shall  obtain  a  new  commission ;  nor,  being  a  citizen  of  the 
United  States,  at  all  as  a  diplomatic  character.  It  was  inci 
dentally  discussed  whether  in  any  case  the  President  ought 
to  receive  a  citizen  of  the  United  States  as  a  Minister  from  a 
foreign  power,  and  there  was  some  diversity  of  opinion  between 
Mr.  Crawford  and  Mr.  Thompson  upon  the  doctrine  of  expa 
triation.  Mr.  Crawford  inclined  also  to  the  immediate  appoint 
ment  of  Wilcocks  as  Consul;  but  the  other  members  of  the 
Administration  and  the  President  preferred  to  delay  the  ap 
pointment  till  the  arrival  of  the  Minister.  The  question  upon 
the  authority  of  the  President  to  appoint  during  the  recess 
to  these  new  offices  was  incidentally  touched ;  but  the  offices 


1 822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

being  not  created  either  by  the  Constitution  or  by  Act  of 
Congress,  but  being  offices  under  the  law  of  nations,  they  were 
not  considered  as  affected  by  the  Constitutional  provision  con 
cerning  appointments  during  the  recess.  Crawford  mentioned 
that  this  question  had  once  been  debated  in  the  Senate,  and 
Bradley,  after  at  first  insisting  that  the  case  did  come  within 
the  restriction  of  the  Constitution,  had  afterwards  come  to  the 
opposite  conclusion,  by  considering  the  offices  by  a  legal  or 
diplomatic  fiction  as  always  filled,  and  that  when  the  Presi 
dent  made  the  appointment  he  was  supposed  to  have  pre 
viously  removed  an  imaginary  incumbent,  and  thereby  made  a 
vacancy. 

Another  question  was  much  discussed.  I  have  received 
official  notice,  first  through  Mr.  Forsyth,  and  lately  from  the 
Spanish  Minister,  Anduaga,  of  the  appointment  of  a  Commis 
sioner,  Surveyor,  Astronomer,  &c.,  on  the  part  of  Spain  to  run 
the  boundary  line  according  to  a  stipulation  in  the  late  treaty. 
The  House  of  Representatives  struck  out  of  the  appropriation 
bill  the  sum  which  had  been  estimated  for  the  expense  of  this 
Commission  during  the  present  year,  on  the  ground  of  the 
proposed  recognition  of  Mexico.  The  appropriation  was  said, 
however,  to  have  been  restored  by  the  Senate.  If  the  House 
should  agree  to  the  amendment,  and  the  appropriation  should 
pass,  the  question  was  whether  the  Commission  should  be 
appointed  and  the  line  run. 

Mr.  Calhoun  thought  it  could  not  be  done;  that  it  would 
be  inconsistent  with  the  recognition  of  Mexico ;  that  it  would 
give  offence  and  rouse  the  indignation  of  the  new  empire;  and 
that  if  the  line  is  to  be  run  at  all,  it  must  be  with  Mexican 
instead  of  Spanish  Commissioners.  The  President  and  all  the 
other  members  of  the  Cabinet,  however,  thought  otherwise ; 
that,  as  it  was  the  mere  mechanical  execution  of  a  compact 
already  consummate,  we  are  still  bound  to  the  execution  of  the 
treaty,  notwithstanding  the  subsequent  recognition  of  Mexico, 
which  is  a  recognition  of  independence,  but  not  of  boundary ; 
that  we  should  proceed  to  the  fulfilment  of  the  stipulation 
unless  objection  should  be  made  on  the  part  of  Mexico — in 
which  case  the  Commissioners  must  of  course  cease.  By  the 


494  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

article,  the  Commissioners  were  to  meet  within  one  year 
from  the  exchange  of  the  ratifications  at  Natchez,  which,  by 
the  delay  of  Spain  to  appoint  her  Commissioner,  became  im 
possible. 

Mr.  Calhoun  thought  this  released  us  from  the  obligation 
of  this  engagement,  especially  considering  the  subsequent  en 
gagements  in  Mexico. 

I  thought  it  would  have  the  appearance  of  subterfuge  to 
allege  this  ground  for  non-performance.  The  conclusion  was 
to  wait  and  see  how  the  House  will  dispose  of  the  Senate's 
amendment  in  the  appropriation  bill. 

My  draft  of  a  reply  to  the  French  Minister's  note  was  not 
considered.  I  gave  the  President  a  letter  from  L.  Sawyer,  a 
member  of  the  House  from  North  Carolina,  enclosed  in  a  note 
to  me,  and  requesting  him  not  to  send  the  commission  of  Judge 
in  Florida  to  John  Branch,  as  he  was  not  qualified  for  the  office, 
not  having  been  bred  to  the  law,  or  at  least  having  never  prac 
tised.  Sawyer  said  that  the  whole  North  Carolina  delegation 
in  the  House  were  to  have  a  meeting  this  day  to  remonstrate 
against  the  appointment  of  Branch  as  a  Judge.  But  their  real 
reason  is  not  his  disqualification  as  a  Judge  :  it  is  to  show  their 
resentment  that  he  was  not  appointed  Governor.  Branch  was 
the  Crawford  man ;  and  his  appointment  has  been  for  some 
time  expected  as  the  test  of  Crawford's  ascendency  over  the 
President's  nominations.  Its  failure  has  produced  a  concen 
tration  of  rage.  The  President  said  they  had  all  written  letters 
to  him  about  it.  He  had  answered  Macon's.  He  considered 
himself  personally  insulted  by  them,  and,  if  he  was  not  in  the 
situation  in  which  he  is,  he  would  call  them  to  account  for  it. 

2Oth.  I  made  drafts  of  letters  to  Mr.  Herrera,  the  Secretary 
of  State  and  Foreign  Affairs  in  Mexico,  to  Mr.  Gual,  the  same 
officer  in  Colombia,  and  to  Mr.  Torres  at  Philadelphia.  I  took 
them  to  the  President,  but  found  him  again  hesitating  as  to 
the  course  he  was  to  pursue.  Mr.  Woodson,  member  of  the 
House  from  Kentucky,  Clay's  successor,  had  been  with  him 
and  showed  him  a  letter  from  Clay  at  Philadelphia.  He  had 
there  seen  Torres,  who  was,  he  says,  exceedingly  earnest  that 
a  Minister  should  immediately  go  to  Colombia,  and  fears  that 


1822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

otherwise  all  the  good  effect  of  the  recognition  will  be  lost. 
This  letter  Clay  had  requested  Woodson  to  show  to  the  Presi 
dent,  which  he  did.  The  President  told  me  his  conversation 
with  Woodson  upon  the  subject,  and  how  he  had  explained  to 
him  the  principles  of  the  course  he  had  determined  to  take. 
But  he  was  staggered  by  this  a  partc  negotiation  between  Clay 
and  Torres,  and  I  told  him  that  I  doubted  more  and  more  of 
the  expediency  of  sending  back  Todd  with  an  informal  char 
acter  to  Colombia  now.  He  finally  determined  to  think  further 
upon  the  subject  till  Monday  morning,  when  I  am  to  see  him 
again. 

2 1  st.  Besides  the  usual  occupation  of  reading  the  letters  and 
dispatches  and  newspapers  that  come  by  the  mail,  I  was  invol 
untarily  engaged  in  translating  into  verse  a  passage  of  seven 
teen  lines  in  Horace's  Art  of  Poetry,  which  diverted  me  from 
other  objects  of  more  importance. 

22d.  I  found  the  President  still  undetermined  whether  to 
send  a  Minister  immediately  to  the  republic  of  Colombia  or 
to  send  back  Mr.  Todd,  or  merely  to  receive  Torres  as  Charge 
d'Affaires  and  wait  for  further  movements  from  thence.  He 
concluded  by  merely  directing  me  to  write  to  Torres,  informing 
him  that  whenever  it  shall  suit  him  to  come  here  I  will  present 
him,  as  Charge  d'Affaires  of  the  republic  of  Colombia,  to  the 
President.  He  said  that  from  the  letter  which  Mr.  Clay  had 
written  to  Woodson,  to  be  shown  to  him,  he  had  conjectured 
that  Clay  himself  was  disposed  to  accept  one  of  these  new 
missions.  But  Mr.  Clay  had  pursued  such  a  course  of  uniform 
hostility  to  this  Administration  that  he  had  no  pretension  to 
notice  from  it,  unless  it  should  be  to  show  that  opposition  was 
the  way  to  favor. 

I  told  the  President  of  the  conversation  which  I  had  with 
Mr.  Clay  before  he  left  this  last  spring  after  the  termination  of 
his  service  in  Congress,  when  I  had  asked  if  it  would  suit  his 
convenience,  in  case  a  vacancy  in  any  of  the  missions  abroad 
should  occur,  to  accept  it ;  and  he  told  me  it  would  not,  the 
state  of  his  private  affairs  requiring  all  his  attention,  and  the 
liberality  of  the  Bank  of  the  United  States,  in  making  him  their 
agent-general  for  the  States  of  Kentucky  and  Ohio,  giving  him 


496  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

the  means  of  relieving  himself  from  his  embarrassments  in  the 
course  of  four  years.  I  said  now  that  my  intention  was,  if  Mr. 
Clay  had  answered  that  a  mission  abroad  would  be  acceptable, 
to  have  named  him  for  consideration  to  the  President  whenever 
a  vacancy  should  occur.  I  added  my  belief,  nevertheless,  that 
Mr.  Clay  now  wished  for  the  offer  of  one  of  these  missions, 
and  that  he  would  accept  that  of  Mexico,  and  perhaps  that  of 
Colombia,  but  not  either  of  the  others.  But  I  distrusted  so 
much  Mr.  Clay's  views  in  relation  to  South  American  affairs, 
and  was  so  apprehensive  of  their  tendency  to  entangle  us,  that 
I  doubted  much  the  propriety  of  appointing  him.  I  should 
have  no  objection  to  his  going  to  Buenos  Ayres  or  Chili,  where 
he  could  do  no  harm.  I  esteemed  the  talents  of  Mr.  Clay,  and 
knew  him  to  have  some  good  qualities.  But  his  ambition  was 
too  ardent  to  be  very  scrupulous  or  delicate,  and  he  was  too 
much  addicted  to  intrigue. 

The  President  concurred  in  these  opinions,  and  said  he  had 
not  determined  upon  any  of  the  nominations  to  be  made,  but 
he  had  thought  of  selecting  one  from  each  of  the  four  great 
sections  of  the  Union.  I  said  I  had  no  favorites  to  recom 
mend;  but  I  told  him  what  had  passed  between  Mr.  Sanford 
and  me,  and  my  opinion  of  Sanford's  merits  and  pretensions, 
and  I  mentioned  Mr.  Russell,  and  also  the  applications  of 
Colonel  Wool  and  W.  G.  D.  Worthington.  The  President 
spoke  of  General  S.  Smith  and  General  Scott  as  having  been 
recommended  to  him. 

I  asked  him  if  General  Jackson  had  occurred  to  him.  He 
said  he  had ;  but  he  was  afraid  of  his  getting  us  into  a  quarrel. 
He  told  me  also  that  he  had  thoughts  of  disapproving  the  bill 
now  before  Congress  for  the  further  reduction  of  the  army, 
and  read  me  a  draft  of  reasons  which  he  intended  to  assign 
for  it.  He  said  he  considered  it  as  a  most  pernicious  policy, 
and  might  as  well  say  so,  as  those  in  both  Houses  in  real 
opposition  to  the  Administration  were  already  as  inveterate  as 
they  could  be,  and  their  influence  would  be  no  greater  nor 
more  mischievous  upon  one  point  more  than  upon  those  on 
which  a  collision  had  already  arisen. 

Mr.  Russell  left  at  the  office  with  Mr.  Brent  a  duplicate  of 


i822.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

his  letter  of  nth  February,  1815,  to  Mr.  Monroe,  then  Secre 
tary,  which  has  been  called  for  by  a  resolution  of  the  House 
of  Representatives  at  the  motion  of  Mr.  Floyd.1  It  is  a  letter 
of  seven  folio  sheets  of  paper,  and  amounts  to  little  less  than 
a  denunciation  of  the  majority  of  the  Ghent  mission  for  pro 
posing  the  article  recognizing  the  fishery  right  and  the  British 
right  to  navigate  the  Mississippi,  in  the  proposal  of  which  he  . 
himself  concurred.  Russell  wrote  this  letter  at  Paris,  where  we 
all  were,  without  ever  communicating  it  to  me,  or  letting  me 
know  that  he  had  any  intention  of  writing  such  a  letter.  It  is  a 
most  elaborate,  disingenuous,  and  sophistical  argument  against 
principles  in  which  he  concurred,  and  the  joint  letter  of  25th 
December,  1814,  to  which  he  signed  his  name.  His  motives 
for  writing  it  then  to  a  Virginian  Secretary  of  State,  under  a 
Virginian  President,  were  at  once  to  recommend  himself  to 
their  sectional  prejudices  about  the  Mississippi,  and  to  give 
me  a  secret  stab  in  their  esteem  and  favor,  for  future  effect. 
His  motive  now  for  abetting  Floyd  in  his  call  of  the  paper,  as 
a  public  document,  is  to  decry  my  chances  of  popular  favor  in 
the  Western  country.  It  is,  I  doubt  not,  part  of  a  system  of 
measures  concerted  with  others,  the  development  of  which  is 
proceeding  from  day  to  day. 

Calhoun  called  at  the  office  with  a  letter  recommending  some 
person  to  an  office.  He  spoke  with  great  bitterness  of  Craw 
ford,  of  whose  manoeuvring  and  intrigues  to  secure  the  elec 
tion  to  the  next  Presidency,  and  to  blast  the  Administration  of 
Mr.  Monroe,  of  which  he  is  a  member,  he  (Calhoun)  has  a  full 
and  thorough  knowledge.  He  said  there  had  never  been  a 

1  It  is  not  without  regret  that,  after  careful  reflection,  I  have  come  to  the  con 
clusion  that  this  episode,  connected  with  the  name  of  Mr.  Jonathan  Russell,  cannot 
in  justice  to  Mr.  Adams  be  suppressed.  It  was  the  most  unprovoked  and  envenomed 
attack  upon  his  character  as  a  statesman,  of  the  many  which  he  was  called  to  meet, 
and,  but  for  the  fortuitous  preservation  of  his  papers  by  Mr.  Monroe,  might  have 
served  to  fix  a  material  blot  forever  upon  his  career.  As  it  turned  out,  the  effect 
was  largely  to  advance  him  in  the  public  esteem,  whilst  his  accuser  suffered  a  corre 
spondingly  severe  penalty  for  his  offence.  Far  be  it  from  me  to  perpetuate  enmi 
ties  !  Mr.  Russell  left  behind  him  a  son,  who,  during  a  life  cut  short  too  early, 
most  justly  earned  the  highest  respect  of  the  community,  and  with  whom  it  was 
my  good  fortune  ever  to  maintain  the  most  friendly  relations.  His  later  descend 
ants  are  among  the  most  esteemed  class  in  the  community.  c.  F.  A. 
VOL.  v. — 32 


498  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

man  in  our  history,  who  had  risen  so  high,  of  so  corrupt  a  char 
acter  or  upon  so  slender  a  basis  of  service  ;  and  that  he  (Cal- 
houn)  had  witnessed  the  whole  series  of  Crawford's  operations 
from  the  winter  of  1816  to  this  time. 

23d.  The  President  had  fixed  upon  this  day  at  one  o'clock  to 
receive  Mr.  Poletica,  the  Russian  Minister,  to  take  leave  upon 
.  his  departure  with  a  leave  of  absence.  I  met  him  at  that  hour, 
and  presented  him  to  the  President.  His  speech  was  very 
short,  and,  as  usual,  complimentary,  with  abundant  professions 
of  good  will,  both  of  the  Emperor  Alexander  and  of  himself, 
towards  this  country.  He  said  he  was  instructed  to  say  the 
Emperor  did  not  intend  to  suspend  for  a  moment  the  diplo 
matic  relations  between  Russia  and  the  United  States ;  that  he 
had  very  much  at  heart  his  friendly  relations  with  them,  and 
saw  nothing,  either  in  present  events  or  in  future  prospects, 
which  should  in  any  manner  impair  them.  The  President's 
answer  was  of  the  same  character — friendly  and  complimentary 
in  general  terms  to  the  Emperor. 

After  Poletica  went  away,  I  gave  the  President  Russell's 
letter,  with  a  request  that  he  would  read  it  with  attention,  and 
recollect  whether  he  had  ever  received  such  a  letter ;  and,  if  he 
had,  to  make  search  among  his  papers  to  see  if  he  could  not 
find  it;  which  he  promised  me  he  would.  This  affair,  of  great 
personal  interest  to  me,  comes  on  me  just  at  the  close  of  a 
session  of  Congress,  with  half  a  dozen  calls  of  Congress  and 
two  or  three  negotiations  depending. 

24th.  Received  a  note  this  morning  from  the  President,  in 
forming  me  that  he  had  found  among  his  papers  Mr.  Russell's 
letter  of  nth  February,  1815,  which  was  marked  "private." 
The  duplicate  is  not  so.  I  called  in  the  course  of  the  day  at 
the  President's,  and  asked  him  to  let  me  see  the  letter;  he  said 
he  had  given  it  to  Mr.  Hay  to  read,  but  would  send  it  to  me. 
I  have  strong  suspicions  that  the  duplicate  is  not  a  true  copy 
of  the  original.  There  is  particularly  one  paragraph  which, 
on  the  nth  of  February,  1815,  would  have  been  prophetic. 

Mr.  Poletica,  the  Russian  Minister,  came  to  the  office  and 
took  leave,  and  introduced  Mr.  Ellisen  as  Charge  d'Affaires 
during  his  absence.  Poletica  renewed  his  thanks  for  the  atten- 


iS22.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

tions  and  kindness  with  which  he  said  he  had  been  invariably 
treated  here.  I  furnished  him,  as  he  had  desired,  with  a  pass 
port  signed  by  the  President  himself.  It  is  altogether  unusual, 
all  passports  being  from  the  Secretary  of  State ;  but  Poletica 
asked  it  as  a  favor,  and  the  President  consented  to  grant  it. 

Mr.  R.  King,  the  Senator  from  New  York,  came  to  ask 
whether  there  would  be  any  objection  to  publishing  the  Span 
ish  Minister's  protest  against  the  recognitions,  and  the  other 
papers  relative  to  the  subject,  which  had  been  confidentially 
sent  to  the  committee  of  the  Senate.  I  said,  none  at  all. 

I  began  this  evening  a  draft  of  a  report  to  the  President  upon 
the  duplicate  of  Jonathan  Russell's  letter. 

25th.  The  President  sent  me  Russell's  letter  of  nth  Febru 
ary,  1815,  and  I  found  immediately  that  the  prophetic  passage 
in  the  duplicate  was  not  in  the  original.  Mr.  George  Hay  called 
at  the  office  and  told  me  that  he  had  read  Russell's  letter,  and 
that  it  was  altogether  one  of  the  basest  things  on  the  part  of 
Russell  that  he  had  ever  heard  of.  He  said  it  had  sunk  Russell 
in  his  opinion  more  than  he  could  express.  But  the  worst  part 
of  the  transaction,  the  alterations  of  the  letter  now  made  in  the 
letter  by  Russell  himself,  Hay  knew  nothing  of. 

There  was  a  call  came  from  the  Senate  for  copies  of  the 
Spanish  Minister's  protest  against  the  recognition  and  the  dic- 
tamen  of  the  Cortes — which  papers  were  prepared  and  reported 
to  the  President. 

I  took  home  with  me  the  original  and  duplicate  of  Russell's 
letter,  and  compared  them  together.  There  are  several  remark 
able  differences  between  them — the  most  diabolical  of  which  is 
a  direct  charge  in  the  duplicate  of  a  positive  and  wanton  vio 
lation  of  most  explicit  instructions,  which  he  particularly  cites. 
There  is  no  such  charge  in  the  original  letter,  but  an  assertion 
to  the  contrary.  I  had  begun  the  draft  of  a  report  upon  the 
duplicate  before  the  original  had  been  found.  I  must  now 
report  upon  both. 

26th.  I  dropped  my  reading  before  breakfast,  to  draw  up  my 
report  upon  these  extraordinary  letters  of  Jonathan  Russell.  I 
had  at  the  same  time  a  multiplicity  of  other  affairs  pressing 
upon  me,  till  my  brain  almost  turned.  I  called  at  the  Presi- 


MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

dent's,  and  told  him  of  the  differences  between  Russell's  original 
letter  and  its  pretended  duplicate.  I  added  that  I  should  report 
a  copy  of  the  letter,  and  of  the  circumstances  of  its  being  de 
posited  at  the  office  of  the  Department  of  State  by  Mr.  Russell, 
and  I  should  submit  to  him  some  remarks  upon  it,  which  I 
should  request  him  to  communicate  to  the  House  of  Repre 
sentatives  with  the  letter  in  answer  to  their  call.  The  Presi 
dent  appeared  very  reluctant  to  sending  the  letter  at  all.  I  told 
him  if  it  was  withheld  it  would  be  supposed  I  was  afraid  of  its 
appearance,  which  I  was  not.  As  I  pressed  him  to  communi 
cate  the  letter,  he  said  it  would  utterly  ruin  both  him  and  me. 
I  replied  that  of  the  manner  in  which  it  might  affect  him  he 
must  himself  be  the  judge,  and  I  wished  him  to  pursue  his 
own  course.  But  as  it  concerned  me,  I  was  convinced  the 
course  most  desirable  for  me  would  be  the  communication  of 
the  letter.  He  said  he  would  take  it  into  consideration. 

27th.  Morning  and  evening  absorbed  upon  Russell's  letters. 
The  President  had  yesterday  read  me  a  sketch  of  the  message 
which  he  had  prepared  to  send  to  the  House,  stating  that  on 
referring  their  resolution  to  the  Department  of  State,  it  appeared 
that  there  was  no  such  letter  there  as  the  one  called  for ;  that 
he  had  then  searched  among  his  papers,  and  found  a  letter 
marked  "private"  from  Mr.  Russell,  and  dated  Paris,  nth  Feb 
ruary,  1815,  containing  views  relating  to  certain  transactions 
at  Ghent,  upon  interests  which  have  since  been  satisfactorily 
arranged,  but  which  would  naturally  call  for  a  reply  from  the 
surviving  members  of  the  mission ;  that  under  these  circum 
stances  he  should  decline  sending  the  letter,  unless  the  House 
on  a  review  of  them  should  think  proper  to  renew  the  call. 

I  objected  to  this  that  it  withheld  the  very  material  fact  that 
Russell  had  left  at  the  Department  since  the  call  of  the  House 
a  paper  purporting  to  be  a  duplicate  of  his  letter,  but  very  ma 
terially  differing  from  it.  This  morning  I  received  from  the 
President  a  note  saying  that  he  had  made  a  change  in  the 
sketch  of  his  message,  which  he  wished  to  send  to  the  House 
this  day,  and  asking  me  to  call  at  his  house.  I  went  accord 
ingly,  and  took  with  me  a  draft  of  a  report  to  him  upon  the 
reference  of  the  call  of  the  House  to  the  Department  of  State. 


iS22.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^OI 

In  this  draft  I  had  stated  the  fact  of  Russell's  leaving  his  dupli 
cate  at  the  office  to  be  communicated  to  the  House ;  and  had 
requested  the  President  to  communicate  my  remarks  upon  Rus 
sell's  letter,  together  with  it,  to  the  House  in  answer  to  their 
call.  The  President  appeared  to  be  apprehensive  of  becoming 
himself  implicated  in  the  controversy.  He  said  he  thought 
Mr.  Russell's  conduct  had  been  extremely  reprehensible;  and 
he  saw  the  motives  which  had  occasioned  the  bringing  of  this 
affair  before  Congress — it  was  to  influence  the  election  to  the 
Presidency  when  he  himself  should  retire ;  that  he  thought  it 
his  duty  to  take  no  part  whatsoever  in  that  question  ;  and  now 
if  he  should  send  this  letter  and  my  remarks,  an  extremely 
acrimonious  controversy  would  ensue,  of  which  all  the  parties 
concerned  would  claim  the  right  of  making  him  the  vehicle. 

I  told  the  President  that  I  approved  entirely  of  his  deter 
mination,  and  thought  that  the  course  which  he  proposed  was 
the  only  proper  one  in  his  situation.  I  should  therefore  acqui 
esce  in  any  determination  that  he  should  take  with  reference 
to  his  personal  concern  in  this  affair;  nor  did  I  ask  or  desire 
from  him  the  most  distant  manifestation  of  favor  to  me  in  this 
controversy.  But  so  far  as  concerned  my  own  interest,  I  had 
neither  doubt  nor  hesitation.  My  wish  was  that  both  Russell's 
letters  should  be  transmitted  to  the  House,  and  my  remarks 
upon  them  also.  It  was  a  deadly  thrust  at  my  character  and 
reputation,  aimed  at  me  on  the  floor  of  Congress,  and  there  I 
would  wish  to  meet  and  grapple  with  those  who  had  plotted  it 
against  me.  In  the  face  of  the  country  the  attack  upon  me  had 
been  made.  In  the  face  of  the  country  I  wished  to  make  my 
defence.  I  told  him  that  in  all  the  intriguing  and  caballing  in 
Congress,  and  in  the  newspapers,  against  individuals  supposed 
candidates  for  the  Presidency,  I  had  never  made  nor  counte 
nanced  a  charge  against  any  human  being. 

The  President  said  he  was  entirely  convinced  of  this. 

I  added  that  I  had  no  wish  to  prostrate  or  expose  Russell's 
character;  my  only  object  would  be  to  defend  myself. 

The  President  said  he  would  consider  further  of  the  subject, 
upon  which  he  could  not  consult  the  Cabinet ;  but  he  had  con 
sulted  Mr.  Wirt,  the  Attorney- General.  He  had  at  first  thought 


5  02  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

of  answering  the  call  of  the  House  by  simply  saying  that  there 
was  no  such  letter  as  the  resolution  called  for  at  the  Depart 
ment  of  State.  On  further  reflection,  he  had  preferred  the 
special  statement  of  facts,  and  had  shown  it  to  Mr.  Wirt,  who 
also  preferred  it,  and  thought  it  would  do  justice  to  me.  He 
read  me  a  note  from  Wirt  to  that  effect.  He  also  read  me 
an  additional  paragraph  which  he  had  prepared  and  thought 
of  introducing,  saying  that  his  predecessor,  Mr.  Madison,  and 
himself,  had  approved  the  general  course  of  the  Commissioners 
at  Ghent;  which,  he  said,  would  be  in  effect  supporting  the 
conduct  of  the  majority. 

I  told  him  I  duly  appreciated  this  approbation,  but  I  did  not 
wish  for  a  testimonial  of  it  now.  I  wished  my  conduct  as  one 
of  the  majority  to  stand  upon  its  own  grounds,  and  I  could 
refute  Russell's  objections  to  it  as  completely  as  I  could  expose 
his  conduct  in  making  them. 

When  I  left  the  President,  he  appeared  disposed  to  send  in 
the  duplicate,  and  perhaps  the  original ;  but  within  two  hours 
after,  I  received  at  the  office  a  note  from  him  expressing  a  doubt 
whether  he  should  not  decline  sending  in  Russell's  letter  under 
any  circumstances. 

Mr.  Canning  came  to  inform  me  that  he  was  instructed  by 
his  Government  to  say  that  although  they  approved  of  their 
Commissioner  Barclay's  scruples  about  the  three  islands  at  the 
mouth  of  Detroit  River,  yet  they  would  be  satisfied  with  his 
agreeing  to  a  report  by  which  the  three  islands  will  fall  within 
the  jurisdiction  of  the  United  States.  Canning  said  he  was 
much  gratified  at  receiving  this  instruction,  which  he  should 
immediately  communicate  to  Mr.  Barclay. 

I  made  a  draft  of  a  letter  to  the  Chevalier  Amado  Grehon, 
the  Portuguese  Charge  d'Affaires,  which  I  sent  to  the  President. 
He  sent  it  back  with  a  note  suggesting  an  addition  to  it. 

28th.  I  am  still  deeply  occupied  in  writing  remarks.  Mr. 
George  Hay  called  at  my  house  and  told  me  that  the  President 
was  in  great  concern  about  these  letters  of  Russell,  and  much 
distressed  as  to  the  proper  mode  of  proceeding  in  regard  to 
them ;  that,  owing  to  particular  circumstances,  the  President 
had  consulted  him  on  this  occasion,  which  he  very  seldom  did 


i822.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

on  public  affairs,  and  had  requested  him  to  call  and  have  some 
conversation  with  me  concerning  it — particularly  as  he  under 
stood  there  was  a  difference  of  opinion  between  the  President 
and  me  as  to  the  proper  course  to  be  taken. 

I  said  the  difference  of  opinion  was  only  as  to  the  course 
most  expedient  with  reference  to  my  concern  in  the  affair.  I 
was  perfectly  aware  that  the  only  line  for  the  President  was  that 
of  impartial  neutrality.  In  this  I  had  entirely  acquiesced,  and 
it  was  all  I  had  asked  of  him.  He  must  exclusively  judge  of 
what  that  required  of  him,  and  if  he  concluded  to  decline  send 
ing  in  the  papers  on  that  account,  I  should  cheerfully  submit 
to  his  determination.  But  I  had  been  convinced  from  the  be 
ginning,  and  reflection  had  only  confirmed  me  in  the  opinion, 
that  the  course  most  suitable  for  me  would  be  that  both  Mr. 
Russell's  letters  and  my  remarks  upon  them  should  be  com 
municated  to  the  House  in  answer  to  their  call.  It  was  a  base 
attack  upon  my  character,  of  which  Russell  had  made  himself 
the  instrument.  He  had  actually  dragged  me  before  the  House 
of  Representatives  of  the  Nation,  there  to  charge  me  with 
treachery  to  a  great  public  trust.  The  object  of  the  charge 
was  to  dishonor  me  in  the  face  of  my  country.  The  only 
course  that  became  me  was  to  meet  the  charge  where  it  was 
made.  That  I  could  expose  the  conduct  of  Russell  in  a  man 
ner  disgraceful  to  him  was  no  motive  for  me  to  wish  to  come 
before  the  public ;  but  he  has  brought  himself  and  me  there. 
If  the  papers  are  withheld,  a  vague  and  indefinite  charge  will 
be  hanging  over  me,  of  which  as  much  use  will  be  made  to 
ruin  my  reputation  as  if  it  was  distinctly  proved,  and  the  uni 
versal  impression  will  be  that  I  was  afraid  to  meet  it,  and  that 
the  object  of  the  suppression  is  to  screen  me.  I  knew  it  was 
equally  in  my  power  to  put  Russell  to  shame  for  his  conduct 
and  to  demolish  the  whole  argument  of  his  letter.  I  could 
not  undertake  to  conquer  prejudice  and  jealousy,  which  never 
reason ;  but  I  could  satisfy  every  reasonable  person  that  Rus 
sell's  imputations  of  our  having  offered  to  sacrifice  the  interest 
of  the  Western  country  were  totally  groundless. 

Mr.  Hay  said  he  believed  if  the  case  were  his  own  he  should 
think  so  too,  but  he  was  not  sure  it  would  be  the  most  expe- 


MEMOIRS    OF  JO  PIN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

dient  course.  He  spoke  with  the  most  utter  detestation  of 
Russell's  conduct,  and  said  there  was  no  expression  too  bad  to 
mark  its  infamy.  He  also  told  me  that  in  the  course  of  Mr. 
Madison's  Administration  there  had  been  several  occasions  of 
very  great  disagreement,  and  even  misunderstanding,  between 
him  and  Mr.  Monroe,  and  particularly  concerning  the  trans 
action  in  the  late  war  which  terminated  in  the  capture  of  this 
city  by  the  British.  And  he  related  a  scene  between  himself 
and  General  Armstrong  in  June,  1814,  in  which  he  told  Arm 
strong  that  the  British  would  infallibly  take  this  place  if  meas 
ures  should  not  be  taken  more  effective  for  its  defence. 

29th.  Mr.  Jonathan  Russell  came  for  the  letter  of  the  Presi 
dent  to  the  Emperor  of  China,  and  mine  to  the  Viceroy  of 
Canton.  He  said  he  liked  my  substitute  for  the  draft  of  the 
President's  letter  much  better  than  the  draft  itself.  Dropping 
this  subject,  I  told  Mr.  Russell  that  I  thought  the  letter  he  had 
left  at  the  Department  to  be  communicated  to  the  House  of 
Representatives  in  answer  to  Dr.  Floyd's  resolution  was  a  very 
extraordinary  paper,  and  his  conduct  in  the  whole  transaction 
relating  to  it  as  equally  extraordinary.  He  knew  I  had  been 
at  Paris,  and  that  he  was  in  habits  of  daily  and  professedly 
friendly  intercourse  with  me  when  the  original  letter  was  written. 
That  he  should  have  written  it  without  notice  to  his  colleagues, 
whose  conduct  it  so  severely  arraigned,  was  strange.  That  he 
should  now  have  furnished  a  paper  as  the  duplicate  of  that 
letter,  but  materially  differing  from  it,  was  still  more  so.  He 
said  that  I  would  remember  when  on  the  25th  of  December, 
1814,  I  had  made  the  draft  of  the  joint  letter  of  the  mission  to 
the  Secretary  of  State,  mentioning  that  we  had  offered  to  the 
British  Plenipotentiaries  the  article  confirmative  of  the  fisheries 
to  us  and  of  the  Mississippi  navigation  to  the  British,  Mr.  Clay 
had  desired  that  an  alteration  should  be  made,  saying  that  a 
majority  of  us  determined  to  make  this  offer.  This  was  Mr. 
Clay's  desire,  and  not  his ;  but  when  the  joint  letter  was  so 
written,  as  he  had  voted  in  the  minority  on  the  question,  he 
thought  it  necessary  to  justify  his  conduct  to  the  Government, 
and  therefore  had  written  the  letter  from  Paris ;  that  when  he 
came  to  this  country  in  1816  there  had  been  a  paragraph  in 


1822.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  505 

the  Boston  Sentinel  charging  him  with  having  been  willing  to 
sacrifice  the  fisheries  at  Ghent ;  that  Mr.  Floyd  had  moved  his 
resolution  calling  for  the  Ghent  papers  without  consulting  him  ; 
but  as  upon  the  first  call  of  Mr.  Floyd,  his  (Russell's)  separate 
letter  of  25th  of  December,  1814,  had  been  reported,  it  became 
necessary  for  his  justification  that  the  letter  containing  his 
reasons,  as  promised  in  that  letter,  should  also  appear.  He 
had  written  to  his  daughter  at  Mendon  for  his  own  original 
draft  of  the  letter.  She  had  found  and  sent  it  to  him,  all  but 
the  two  last  sheets.  There  was,  therefore,  some  variation  be 
tween  the  original  and  the  duplicate  of  his  letter,  and  he  had 
inserted  some  passages  to  defend  himself  with  those  who  feel 
a  particular  interest  in  the  fisheries.  But  there  was  no  altera 
tion  of  facts. 

I  told  him  he  was  mistaken.  There  was  an  alteration  of 
fact,  in  the  form  of  the  most  aggravated  of  all  his  charges 
against  the  majority  of  the  mission,  that  of  a  wilful,  direct,  and 
positive  violation  of  instructions.  This  was  not  in  the  original 
letter ;  but,  on  the  contrary,  there  was  an  express  acquittal  of 
the  violation  of  instructions.  But  the  charge  was  in  the  dupli 
cate  in  language  as  strong  as  he  could  make  it. 

He  said  the  acquittal  in  the  original,  and  the  charge  in  the 
duplicate,  referred  to  different  instructions. 

I  replied  that  the  original  had  no  reference  to  the  instruc 
tions  cited  in  the  duplicate.  It  expressed  a  concurrence  with 
the  majority  in  the  belief  that  the  proposal  referred  to  in  no 
way  violated  our  instructions.  The  terms  were  general,  and 
reserved  no  exception.  The  duplicate  limited  the  acquittal  of 
violated  instructions  to  the  single  instruction  of  25th  of  June, 
1814,  but  brought  in  an  express  charge,  in  the  most  aggravated 
terms,  of  the  violation  of  other  instructions,  namely,  those  of 
1 5th  April,  1813,  from  which  it  cited  the  paragraph  which  it  al 
leged  to  have  been  violated.  And  this  duplicate  now  delivered 
by  himself  as  having  been  the  letter  written  by  him  at  Paris  in 
February,  1815,  declares  that  he  had  thought  at  Ghent,  and  still 
thought,  that  this  wilful  and  positive  violation  of  instructions 
had  been  committed ;  while  the  real  original  letter  expressed 
no  such  opinion  and  made  no  such  charge.  But  I  could  show 


506  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

him  that  it  was  impossible  he  should  have  thought  at  Ghent 
that  we  had  violated  the  passage  cited  in  his  duplicate  of  the 
instruction  of  I5th  April,  1813,  because,  before  the  proposal 
was  made,  we  had  received  the  subsequent  instruction  of  iQth 
October,  1814,  which  released  us  entirely  from  the  restriction  of 
that  passage,  and  authorized  us  expressly  to  conclude  a  treaty 
upon  the  basis  of  the  "status  ante  bellum."  I  then  showed  him 
on  the  book  of  records  of  the  Department  the  letter  from  Mr. 
Monroe  to  the  mission  of  iQth  October,  1814,  which  was  re 
ceived  on  the  24th  of  November  of  that  year,  and  also  another 
letter  of  6th  October,  1814,  containing  the  same  authority,  but 
which  I  told  him  had  not  been  received  by  the  mission.  I  fur 
ther  told  him  that  President  Madison  by  a  message  to  Congress 
of  Qth  October,  1814,  had  communicated  to  Congress  so  much 
of  our  instructions  as  would  show  the  terms  upon  which  we 
were  authorized  to  make  peace.  The  instructions  of  I5th  April, 
1813,  were  included  in  that  communication,  but  the  passage 
cited  in  the  duplicate  in  proof  of  violated  instructions  was 
omitted  as  having  been  subsequently  cancelled. 

During  the  whole  of  this  exposition  Russell's  countenance 
gave  the  usual  indications  of  detected  imposture,  alternately 
flushing  and  turning  pale.  He  said  he  had  no  recollection  of 
the  receipt  of  this  letter  of  I  Qth  October,  1814;  and  asked  if  I 
thought  the  "  status  ante  bellum"  included  necessarily  the  right 
of  the  British  to  navigate  the  Mississippi. 

I  said  that  was  a  matter  upon  which  he  was  at  liberty  to 
make  his  argument ;  but  when  with  the  authority  to  conclude 
on  the  basis  of  the  "  status  ante  bellum"  was  connected  the 
omission  from  the  instructions  communicated  to  Congress  of 
the  paragraph  cited  by  him  as  having  been  violated ;  when 
copies  of  these  instructions  thus  communicated  were  trans 
mitted  to  us,  as  showing  the  terms  on  which  we  were  author 
ized  to  conclude,  it  was  impossible  for  me  to  doubt  that  the 
passage  now  cited  by  him  had  been  cancelled.  At  all  events, 
it  had  been  so  considered  at  Ghent,  for  this  instruction  of  iQth 
October  had  not  only  been  received,  but  was  actually  produced 
in  the  course  of  the  discussions  of  the  mission. 

He  said,  if  I  recollected  that,  there  could  be  no  question  but 


1822.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  507 

it  was  so.  But,  he  said,  he  could  assure  me  he  had  not  acted 
in  this  case  in  concert  with  my  enemies,  and  had  never  written 
or  published  a  word  against  me  in  the  newspapers.  He  had 
acted  from  no  motive  of  hostility  to  me. 

I  then  said  to  him,  "  Mr.  Russell,  I  wish  not  to  enquire  into 
your  motives.  Henceforth,  as  a  public  man,  if,  upon  any  occa 
sion  whatever,  I  can  serve  either  you  or  your  constituents,  it 
will  afford  me  as  much  pleasure  as  if  nothing  had  ever  occurred 
between  us ;  but  of  private  and  individual  intercourse,  the  less 
there  is  between  us  from  this  time  forward  the  more  agreeable 
it  will  be  to  me." 

He  only  replied,  "  I  wish  you  well,"  and  left  me. 

Among  the  other  observations  he  had  made  was,  that  he  was 
entirely  indifferent  whether  his  letter  should  be  communicated 
or  not,  and  he  had  told  Mr.  Brent  so  on  delivering  the  letter  to 
him,  and  he  asked  me  if  Mr.  Brent  had  told  me  this.  I  said  he 
had  not,  but  that  I  had  requested  the  President  to  communicate 
both  the  letters  to  the  House,  with  such  remarks  as  I  had  to 
make  upon  them  ;  among  which  I  should  certainly  notice  the 
variations  between  the  original  and  duplicate  of  his  letter. 

About  two  hours  after  he  left  the  office,  I  went  over  to  the 
President's  upon  other  business,  and  found  Russell  with  him. 
He  had  no  doubt  been  there  the  whole  of  the  interval.  Mr. 
Thompson,  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  was  also  there,  and  when 
I  went  in  Russell  immediately  withdrew.  The  President  said 
he  believed  Russell  was  not  so  anxious  for  his  letter  to  be  sent 
to  the  House  as  he  had  been.  I  said  I  presumed  not ;  but  it  was 
too  late  for  him  now  to  retreat.  I  then  told  the  President  and 
Mr.  Thompson  what  had  passed  this  morning  between  Russell 
and  me,  and  that  I  had  expressly  renounced  all  future  private 
and  personal  intercourse  with  him.  Mr.  Thompson  soon  after 
wards  retired,  and  upon  conversing  with  the  President  he  told 
me  nothing  of  what  Russell  had  been  saying  to  him,  but  I 
found  in  him  an  increased  reluctance  to  sending  in  the  letter 
to  the  House.  Not  having  yet  finished  my  remarks,  I  did  not 
press  the  subject  upon  the  President. 

3Oth.  I  called  at  the  President's,  who,  to  my  great  surprise, 
read  me  a  draft  of  a  message  to  the  House  of  Representatives, 


£08  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [April, 

stating  that  on  reference  of  their  resolution  to  the  Department 
of  State,  no  such  letter  from  Mr.  Russell  as  that  described  in 
it  had  been  found  upon  the  files  ;  then  suppressing  entirely  the 
fact  that  Russell  had  delivered  his  duplicate  there  himself  to 
be  communicated  to  the  House,  and  declining  positively  to 
send  a  copy  of  the  original  letter,  as  a  private  letter  which 
could  only  occasion  controversy  to  no  useful  purpose.  I  told 
the  President  that  this  message  was  totally  different  from  any 
thing  I  had  heard  him  intimate  his  intention  of  sending  before; 
that  the  resolution  from  the  House  had  been  officially  referred 
by  him  to  the  Department  of  State,  and  I  had  officially  reported 
to  him  upon  that  reference ;  that  there  was  a  letter  there  from 
Mr.  Russell,  delivered  by  himself,  to  be  communicated  as  the 
letter  called  for  by  the  resolution ;  that  the  letter  itself  was 
now  of  record  in  the  Department ;  that  my  report  to  him  upon 
it,  and  the  remarks  that  I  was  preparing  to  submit  to  him  upon 
its  contents,  would  also  be  of  record  in  the  Department.  A 
message  to  the  House,  therefore,  declaring  that  there  was  no 
such  letter  at  the  Department,  would  be  liable  to  strong  public 
animadversion,  when  it  was  impossible  that  the  fact  should  not 
become  notorious  that  there  was  such  a  letter,  and  when  it  could 
not  but  appear  that  the  fact  was  known  to  him  from  my  report. 

"  Your  report !"  said  the  President,  in  a  tone  of  sharp  anger. 
"  Tis  my  report.  It  is  no  report  at  all  until  I  have  accepted  it." 

My  feelings  were  wound  up  to  a  pitch  at  which  it  was  with 
extreme  difficulty  that  I  preserved  the  control  of  my  temper 
and  the  command  of  my  expressions.  I  did  so,  however,  and 
said,  "  Sir,  it  is  your  report,  to  do  what  you  please  with  it,  when 
received ;  but  so  far  as  I  understand  the  Constitution  of  this 
country  it  is  my  report  to  make,  and  I  am  the  responsible 
person  in  making  it." 

He  said  that  he  had  always,  when  Secretary  of  State,  con 
sidered  the  reports  he  had  made  to  Mr.  Madison  as  subject 
entirely  to  the  control  of  the  President,  and  had  always  felt 
himself  bound  to  make  any  alteration  in  a  report  required  by 
him. 

I  replied  that  I  had  invariably  observed  the  same  rule  with 
him.  I  had  never  in  a  single  instance  written  a  public  paper 


iS22.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  509 

to  be  submitted  to  him  without  making  every  alteration  in  it 
suggested  by  him  and  insisted  on.  I  was  now  willing  to  make 
any  alteration  that  he  would  desire  in  this  report,  and  had  told 
him  so  when  I  presented  the  report  to  him.  But  the  report 
when  made  I  considered  as  mine. 

He  said  that  the  object  of  this  whole  transaction,  and  of 
Floyd's  resolutions,  was  to  have  an  influence  upon  future 
events ;  that  as  to  the  elections,  he  felt  it  his  duty  to  take  no 
part  in  them  whatever ;  that  the  production  of  these  letters 
would  be  followed  by  an  extremely  acrimonious  controversy 
in  Congress  and  in  the  newspapers,  and  all  the  parties  would 
claim  the  right  of  making  him  the  vehicle  of  their  publications. 

I  said  that  from  the  beginning  I  had  assured  him  I  would 
acquiesce  in  any  course  he  might  think  proper  to  avoid  com 
mitting  him  in  the  most  distant  manner  in  the  controversy.  I 
asked  no  favor — nothing  but  a  hearing.  But  the  suppression 
of  the  facts  that  Russell  has  delivered  at  the  Department  a 
paper  to  be  communicated  to  the  House  as  the  duplicate  of 
the  letter  called  for,  and  that  this  letter  differed  from  the  letter 
really  written  by  him  in  a  heavy  aggravation  of  charge  against 
the  majority  of  the  Ghent  mission,  would  seem  to  me  to  be 
taking  a  part  very  decidedly  against  the  accused  majority  and 
in  favor  of  Russell. 

The  President  finally  said  he  would  consider  of  it  further.  I 
have  received  a  new  note  from  the  French  Minister,  with  pro 
posals  for  the  commercial  negotiation,  and  the  President  directed 
a  Cabinet  meeting  to  consider  of  them  to-morrow. 

May  1st.  Mr.  Fuller,  a  member  of  the  House  of  Represent-, 
atives  from  Massachusetts,  called  on  me,  having  heard  som^ 
thing  of  these  transactions  relating  to  Russell's  letters.  I  tola 
him  all  that  had  passed  concerning  them,  and  that  I  found 
myself  in  the  most  painful  situation  of  my  whole  life ;  com 
pelled  to  renounce  all  private  and  friendly  intercourse  with  a 
man  whom  I  had  esteemed,  and  with  whom  I  had  been  asso 
ciated  in  a  trust  of  the  highest  public  importance,  the  result  of 
which  had  been  satisfactory  to  the  nation ;  aiid  to  expose  him 
to  shame  in  the  face  of  the  country.  This  had  never  happened 
to  me  with  any  other  man.  But  Russell  had  brought  it  upon 


ijjO  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

himself.  He  had  not  only  obtruded  himself  and  me  upon  the 
floor  of  Congress  to  charge  me  with  treachery  to  a  great  public 
trust,  but  he  had  wantonly  made  me  the  official  vehicle  to 
convey  that  charge  against  myself.  And  such  was  the  nature 
of  the  charge,  that  if  the  letter  gave  a  true  representation  of 
the  facts  which  it  alleged,  it  would,  in  my  opinion,  be  the  duty 
of  the  House  of  Representatives  even  now  to  impeach  the  sur 
viving  members  of  the  majority  of  the  Ghent  mission.  It  was 
therefore  absolutely  indispensable  for  me  to  defend  myself — 
which  I  could  not  do  without  exposing  him.  I  told  Mr.  Fuller 
that  he  was  the  only  member  of  Congress  to  whom  I  had  spoken 
upon  the  subject.  I  was  aware  of  Mr.  Russell's  present  situa 
tion  as  a  member  of  the  House,  and  wished  in  no  wise  any  other 
member  to  take  side  with  me  against  him.  But  the  President 
hesitated  whether  to  send  Russell's  letters  to  the  House,  in 
answer  to  their  call,  or  to  withhold  them.  I  had  requested 
him  to  send  them  with  my  remarks  upon  them.  Perhaps  he 
might  send  them  without  my  remarks.  In  that  case,  I  should 
address  a  letter  to  the  Speaker  of  the  House,  requesting  their 
permission  to  lay  my  remarks  before  them.  My  wish  was  that 
if  the  President  should  in  any  manner  refer  the  production  of 
the  letters  to  the  discretion  of  the  House,  some  member  would 
move  another  call  for  the  papers.  If  Mr.  Floyd,  the  original 
mover  for  the  Ghent  papers,  and  then  for  Russell's  letter, 
should  move  for  them  again,  or  Mr.  Russell  or  any  of  his 
friends,  I  wished  that  every  friend  of  mine  would  support  the 
motion.  If,  as  I  thought  it  not  unlikely,  the  original  movers, 
and  Russell  himself,  should  now  hang  back,  I  wished  some 
other  member  would  move  the  call.  I  did  not  ask  it  of  him 
unless  it  would  be  entirely  agreeable  to  him,  nor  unless  it 
should  appear  that  no  other  member  made  the  motion  of  his 
own  accord.  I  was  only  desirous  that  if  the  papers  should  be 
withheld,  it  should  be  known  that  it  was  not  at  my  desire  nor 
from  any  purpose  of  screening  me  from  disclosure.  Fuller 
said  he  would  pay  due  attention  to  the  subject. 

Edward  Wyer  came  to  tell  me  of  a  controversy  between  Dr. 
Floyd  and  General  Scott,  who  is  now  here.  Floyd  in  his  place, 
two  or  three  days  since,  observing  that  he  would  say  nothing 


1 822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  cjn 

there  but  what  he  would  equally  say  out  of  the  house,  made 
a  pretty  direct  charge  upon  Scott  of  forgery,  though  not  so 
explicitly  but  that  the  imputation  might  rest  between  Scott 
and  the  War  Department.  Archer  and  Stevenson,  of  Virginia, 
undertook  to  give  an  explanatory  vindication  of  Scott  upon 
enquiry  into  the  facts.  Scott  sent  Colonel  Wool  with  two 
notes  to  Floyd,  one  asking  an  explanation,  and  the  other,  con 
tingent  upon  the  refusal  of  that,  containing  a  challenge.  Wool, 
upon  conversing  with  Floyd,  delivered  neither  of  the  notes, 
Floyd  having  said  that  he  would  give  his  explanation  through 
Archer.  Wyer  said  that  Scott  was  not  satisfied  with  this,  nor 
with  Wool  for  omitting  to  deliver  his  notes;  but  that  he  would 
yet  have  satisfaction. 

There  was  a  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's ;  all  present 
excepting  Mr.  Wirt,  the  Attorney-General,  who  is  at  Baltimore. 
The  subject  under  consideration  was  the  last  note  from  the 
Baron  Hyde  de  Neuville,  the  French  Minister,  and  its  proposals 
relative  to  a  Convention  concerning  discriminating  duties.  I 
had  proposed  to  him  a  discriminating  duty  of  two  per  cent, 
on  the  value  of  merchandise  imported,  to  be  levied  in  France 
upon  importations  in  American  and  here  upon  those  in  French 
vessels.  He  accepts  this,  with  a  conditional  proviso,  that  it 
shall  not  upon  any  one  vessel  amount  to  less  than  twenty-one 
or  more  than  twenty-six  francs.  He  also  proposes  as  an  alter 
native  a  duty  of  twenty  francs  upon  the  laden  ton,  with  the 
further  proviso  that  it  shall  be  levied  only  upon  the  excess  of 
importations  beyond  the  exportations  in  the  same  vessel.  This 
has  an  appearance  as  if  it  looked  to  an  ultimate  abandonment 
of  all  discriminating  duties,  and  the  Baron  in  his  note  holds 
it  out  as  if  it  was  offered  in  the  spirit  of  abounding  liberality. 
Mr.  Crawford  and  Mr.  Calhoun  both  seemed  much  pleased 
with  it,  but  I  thought  it  would  require  an  exception  for  articles 
imported  for  re-exportation.  With  this, Mr.  Crawford  explicitly 
concurred.  It  was  agreed  that  the  proposal  of  a  discriminating 
duty  of  four  dollars  a  laden  ton  should  be  accepted.  There 
was  little  discussion  and  little  difference  of  opinion  expressed, 
except  as  here  mentioned ;  and  that  I  had  some  reluctance  to 
admit  so  heavy  a  discriminating  duty  as  four  dollars. 


MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

After  the  other  members  of  the  Administration  had  with 
drawn,  the  President  told  me  that  he  had  made  up  his  mind 
to  send  both  Mr.  Russell's  letters  to  the  House  in  answer  to 
their  call ;  that  it  would  be  of  no  use  to  withhold  them,  as 
they  would  undoubtedly  come  before  the  public,  and  he  might 
as  well  give  them  at  once. 

I  concurred  entirely  in  that  opinion,  and  told  the  President 
that  upon  reflecting  further  on  the  subject,  and  with  a  view 
to  relieve  him  even  from  every  semblance  of  co-operation  with 
me,  I  would  withdraw  the  request  that  he  would  send  my  re 
marks  to  the  House  with  the  letters.  If  he  would  send  them 
in,  I  would  address  a  letter  to  the  Speaker  of  the  House  re 
questing  their  permission  to  submit  my  remarks  upon  the 
letters  to  them.  To  this  I  understood  the  President  that  he 
was  now  fully  agreed.  I  was  occupied  morning  and  evening 
in  making  the  draft  of  the  remarks. 

2d.  I  received  this  morning  a  note  from  the  President  re 
questing  me  to  call  at  his  house,  which  I  did,  with  a  draft  of 
a  report  to  him  upon  Russell's  duplicate,  omitting  the  request 
that  he  would  communicate  my  remarks  upon  it  to  the  House. 
And  I  read  to  him  the  draft  of  a  letter  which  I  had  prepared  to 
the  Speaker  of  the  House,  requesting  their  permission  to  sub 
mit  my  remarks  upon  the  letters  of  Mr.  Russell  to  them.  He 
advised  me  not  to  send  my  letter  with  his  message,  but  within 
an  hour  afterwards,  which  I  told  him  was  precisely  my  inten 
tion.  But  I  found  him  now  wavering  again  upon  the  question 
whether  he  should  send  in  Russell's  letters,  and  inclining  to 
that  draft  of  a  message  which  was  his  second  thought,  and 
which  Mr.  Wirt  had  approved ;  that  is,  stating  the  facts,  and 
my  request  to  be  heard  in  answer  to  Russell's  letter,  and  re 
ferring  to  the  House  whether  they  would,  under  these  views  of 
the  subject,  again  call  for  the  letter,  promising  in  that  case  to 
send  it.  I  was  willing  he  should  take  this  course,  being  well 
assured  that  the  call  of  the  House  would  be  renewed. 

I  returned  to  the  office,  and  soon  after  received  a  note  from 
the  President  asking  me  to  prepare  a  report  to  him  on  Mr. 
Russell's  letters,  adapted  to  a  message  stating  the  facts  and 
withholding  both  the  letters.  I  called  at  his  house  again,  and, 


1 822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  5  x  3 

without  discussing-  the  subject  with  him  any  further,  observed 
that  the  report  which  I  had  prepared  would  suit  either  of  the 
forms  of  his  message ;  but  if  he  should  decline  sending  the 
letters,  or  if  he  should  mention  my  request  that  he  would 
transmit  my  remarks  with  them  to  the  House,  though  I  had 
withdrawn  that  request  and  omitted  it  from  the  report  last 
made  to  him,  it  would  no  longer  be  necessary  for  me  to  write 

o  J 

to  the  Speaker  requesting  the  permission  of  the  House  to 
submit  my  remarks  upon  Mr.  Russell's  letter  to  them. 

In  no  transaction  have  I  ever  seen  so  much  indecision  and  so 
many  fluctuations  of  intentions  in  the  President  as  in  this.  He 
has  time  after  time  told  me  that  he  considered  Russell's  con 
duct  throughout  the  whole  transaction  as  extremely  reprehen 
sible  ;  that  he  had  no  doubt  he  was  acting  in  concert  with  Mr. 
Clay  and  Mr.  Floyd,  and  that  their  object  was  to  work  upon 
the  prejudices  of  a  certain  portion  of  the  Union  with  a  view 
to  influence  future  elections ;  that  as  to  the  proposed  article 
to  confirm  the  right  of  the  British  to  navigate  the  Mississippi, 
neither  he  nor  Mr.  Madison  had  ever  considered  it  as  a  viola 
tion  of  our  instructions,  nor  as  in  the  slightest  degree  affecting 
injuriously  the  interests  of  the  Western  country.  But  from 
the  moment  of  the  detection  of  Russell's  falsification  of  his 
own  letter,  the  President's  aim  has  been  to  screen  him  from 
exposure,  or  at  least  to  have  no  participation  in  effecting  it. 
Mine  has  been  to  bring  the  whole  subject  before  Congress 
and  before  the  nation — not  from  choice,  or  for  a  vindictive 
purpose  against  Russell,  but  as  indispensably  necessary  to 
my  self-defence  against  his  conspiracy  with  Floyd  and  Clay. 

As  I  was  going  the  second  time  to  the  President's,  I  met 
at  the  bottom  of  the  stairs  of  my  office  Mr.  R.  King,  Senator 
from  New  York.  There  were  sent  into  Congress  yesterday  two 
messages  from  the  President,  one  relating  to  the  Norwegian 
discriminating  duties,  and  the  other  to  the  duties  on  rolled  and 
hammered  iron — the  first  at  the  desire  of  Baron  Stackelberg, 
and  the  second  at  that  of  Mr.  Canning.  Mr.  King  came  to 
ask  me  to  go  to  the  Capitol  to-morrow  morning  to  meet  the 
Committee  of  Foreign  Relations  of  the  Senate  to  converse  with 
them  upon  the  Norwegian  proposal  of  a  total  abolition  of  all 
VOL.  v.— 33 


tj!4  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

discriminating  duties;  which,  he  said,  there  would  be  great 
difficulty  in  agreeing  to. 

I  told  him  we  had  not  expected  that  Congress  would  agree 
to  it,  and  I  had  told  Baron  Stackelberg  there  was  no  prospect 
that  Congress  would  accede  to  it.  But,  as  it  could  be  done 
only  by  Congress,  he  had  urged,  so  earnestly  urged,  that  it 
should  be  submitted  to  their  consideration  by  the  President, 
that  he  had  consented  to  send  in  the  message. 

Mr.  King  said,  that  being  understood,  it  would  not  be  neces 
sary  for  me  to  meet  the  committee  to-morrow.  He  asked  if 
there  would  be  any  nominations  to  these  South  American  mis 
sions  before  the  close  of  this  session  of  Congress.  I  believed 
not.  He  said  there  had  been  some  question  in  the  Senate  as 
to  the  right  of  the  President  to  make  any  original  appointment 
during  the  recess  of  Congress.  I  told  him  I  was  aware  of  that; 
but  the  President  had  no  doubt  with  regard  to  such  appoint 
ments,  as  of  offices  not  created  by  Congress,  but  existing  by 
the  laws  of  nations. 

King  said  that  the  confirmation  of  any  such  appointment 
by  the  Senate  would  depend  much  upon  the  individual  named. 
If  the  person  should  be  popular,  he  would  be  confirmed ;  if  a 
cripple  or  a  favorite  should  be  sent,  he  would,  upon  nomina 
tion,  be  rejected.  This  question  was  very  much  discussed  at 
the  Cabinet  meeting  yesterday,  and  had  been  so  once  before. 
It  is  one  of  those  questions  which  Crawford  and  his  partisans 
are  conjuring  up  to  make  strife  between  the  President  and  the 
Legislature.  Crawford's  own  conduct  concerning  it  in  the  Cabi 
net  is  ambidextrous.  On  the  question  as  it  concerns  domestic 
appointments  he  has  taken  decided  part  against  the  President's 
authority.  With  regard  to  appointments  abroad,  he  talks  as  if 
he  considered  the  President  as  having  the  power,  but  avoids 
committing  himself  upon  that  opinion.  He  really  wants  the 
President  to  make  the  appointments  during  the  recess,  so  that 
ijt  may  make  another  quarrel  between  him  and  the  Senate,  in 
which  he  (Crawford)  may  side  again  with  the  Senate.  These 
are  the  tactics  of  Crawford's  ambition.  As  Calhoun  stands  now 
most  in  his  way,  the  great  burden  of  his  exertions  this  session 
and  the  last  has  been  against  the  War  Department ;  while  Cal- 


1 822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  5^ 

houn,  by  his  haste  to  get  at  the  Presidency,  has  made  a  cabal 
in  his  favor  in  Congress  to  counteract  Crawford's  cabal,  and  the 
session  has  been  little  more  than  a  violent  struggle  between 
them  ;  both,  however,  countenancing  the  insidious  attacks  upon 
the  Secretary  of  State.  The  Government  is  thus  becoming 
daily,  with  more  and  more  decision,  a  mere  prize  for  two 
unprincipled  factions,  of  which  Crawford's  has  at  the  present 
moment  the  fairest  prospect  of  success.  The  President  has 
hitherto  supported  Calhoun  to  the  extent  of  committing  his 
own  judgment  upon  two  most  questionable  public  measures — 
the  Dauphin  Island  fortifications,  and  the  army  appointments  of 
last  summer.  The  Cabinet  discussions  between  Crawford  and 
Calhoun  have  become  painful  by  the  tone  in  which  they  express 
their  opinions — being  that  of  suppressed  hatred  and  subdued 
anger. 

3d.  Mr.  Gouverneur,  the  President's  son-in-law  and  private 
Secretary,  called  this  morning  at  my  house  with  the  message 
concerning  Russell's  letters,  which  he  was  taking  to  the  House 
of  Representatives.  It  was  that  which  was  the  President's 
second  thought — stating  the  fact  of  Russell's  having  left  the 
duplicate  at  the  Department  of  State  for  communication  to  the 
House ;  of  his  (the  President's)  having  found  among  his  papers 
the  original,  which  was  marked  "  private"  by  Russell  himself, 
and  of  my  request  that  he  would  communicate  my  remarks 
upon  Russell's  letter  with  it  to  the  House ;  and  then  declining 
to  send  the  letter  unless  the  House  on  a  view  of  all  these  cir 
cumstances  should  repeat  the  call,  in  which  case  it  will  be 
communicated  with  my  report  upon  the  duplicate. 

He  had  also  a  nomination  of  General  Henry  Dearborn, 
Senior,  as  Minister  to  Portugal,  which  he  took  to  the  Senate. 
The  President  has  within  the  last  three  days  several  times 
consulted  me  about  this  nomination,  to  which  I  have  told  him 
it  was  impossible  for  me  to  object.  It  is  certainly  not  a  nomi 
nation  that  I  should  have  suggested,  believing,  as  I  do,  that  a 
younger  man,  and  one  whose  life  has  been  more  conversant 
with  commercial  affairs,  would  have  been  better  suited  to  this 
mission.  The  President's  motives  for  this  appointment  are, 
however,  laudable.  The  first  was  to  do  honor  to  an  officer  of 


$! 6  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

the  Revolution ;  the  second,  to  serve  a  personal  friend,  and 
also  to  gratify,  as  he  told  me,  the  wish  of  Mrs.  Dearborn.  A 
third  was  to  compensate  for  having  yielded  to  the  pressure 
of  W.  King  and  the  Maine  Senators,  against  all  the  remon 
strances  of  the  Dearborn  interest,  in  the  appointment  of  Ashur 
Ware  as  District  Judge  in  Maine.  This  was,  I  believe,  the 
deciding  principle ;  for  he  told  me  with  a  good  deal  of  feeling 
that  he  meant  those  gentlemen  should  be  made  sensible  that 
he  was  not  entirely  in  their  hands.  And  what  a  whimsical 
play  of  political  machinery  it  is  !  Because  a  District  Judge  in 
Maine  is  indecently  crowded  upon  the  President  by  the  Maine 
Senators,  he  takes  his  revenge  by  mortifying  them  in  the 
appointment  of  a  Minister  to  Portugal. 

J.  W.  Taylor,  member  of  the  House  of  Representatives,  came 
with  a  power  of  attorney  to  receive  the  balance  of  an  old  award 
by  the  Commissioners  under  Jay's  Treaty.  I  asked  Taylor  if 
the  President's  message  concerning  Russell's  letter  had  been 
received  by  the  House.  It  was  received,  but  not  read.  This 
evening  I  finished  my  remarks  upon  the  letters.  They  have 
been  drawn  up  in  great  haste,  and  I  have  no  time  for  revisal 
or  correction. 

4th.  Mr.  S.  Moore,  a  member  of  the  House  of  Representa 
tives  from  Pennsylvania,  called  this  morning  at  my  house  to 
recommend  the  appointment  of  a  Mr.  Latimer  as  Consul  at  the 
island  of  St.  Thomas.  I  told  him  that  we  had  a  Vice-Consul 
there  in  office  now,  though  personally  he  was  at  present  in  this 
country ;  but  he  was  on  the  point  of  returning  thither.  Moore 
confirmed  to  me  the  fact  that  the  President's  message  relating 
to  Russell's  letter  had  been  yesterday  received,  but  not  read,  in 
the  House.  I  told  him  it  was  my  desire  that  both  the  letters 
should  be  communicated  to  the  House,  as  well  as  my  remarks 
upon  them. 

I  called  at  the  President's,  and  Mr.  Calhoun  came  in  while  I 
was  there.  He  read  to  us  a  message  which  he  had  prepared  to 
send  to  the  House  of  Representatives  with  his  negative  upon 
a  bill  appropriating  nine  thousand  dollars  for  repairs  upon  the 
Cumberland  Road,  and  authorizing  the  erection  of  toll-gates 
upon  it,  and  a  toll  for  keeping  it  in  repair.  He  said  he  had  been 


1 822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^lj 

suddenly  called  to  take  this  measure,  and  had  not  time  to  con 
sult  the  members  of  the  Administration  upon  it.  He  promised 
with  this  message,  and  afterwards  sent  in  the  course  of  the  day, 
his  long  dissertation  against  the  Constitutional  power  of  Con 
gress  to  make  internal  improvements.  Mr.  Floyd's  recantation 
of  the  charge  of  forgery  against  General  Scott  was  this  day  pub 
lished  in  the  newspapers. 

5th.  E.  Wyer  walked  home  with  me,  and  told  me  the  sequel 
of  the  affair  between  Scott  and  Floyd.  The  latter  has  totally 
unsaid  his  charge  of  forgery  against  Scott,  and  by  implica 
tion,  but  not  explicitly,  from  the  War  Department.  There  was 
a  remarkable  alteration  made  in  a  book  of  General  Scott's, 
adopted  last  year  by  Congress  as  regulations  for  the  army,  so 
that  the  book  used  at  the  War  Department  differed  from  that 
printed  under  the  Act  of  Congress.  The  mistake  has  not  been 
fully  explained,  but  seems  imputable  to  some  inattention  in 
the  Military  Committee  of  the  House  of  Representatives ;  but 
all  the  questions  concerning  the  legality  of  the  army  appoint 
ments  last  summer  are  closely  connected  with  one  of  the  alter 
ations.  The  Senate  have  again  rejected  the  nominations  of 
Colonel  Towson  and  Colonel  Gadsden,  removed  the  injunction 
of  secrecy,  and  published  all  the  proceedings  with  the  messages 
of  the  President. 

6th.  I  met  at  the  navy-yard  Mr.  Fuller,  to  whom  I  spoke  of 
the  President's  message  concerning  Russell's  letters.  I  told 
him  that  my  wish  continued  as  I  had  expressed  it  to  him  be 
fore,  that  the  call  should  be  repeated.  I  would  not  ask  any 
member  to  repeat  it,  because  in  the  conflict  with  Russell  in  my 
self-defence  which  must  come  before  the  public,  I  asked  neither 
favor  nor  affection  of  any  one.  But  if  any  of  Mr.  Russell's 
friends  in  the  House,  Mr.  Floyd,  who  first  moved  the  call  for  the 
letter,  or  any  other,  should  move  to  repeat  the  call,  I  wished  it 
might  be  known  as  my  desire  that  it  should  pass ;  and  if  they 
did  not,  I  should  be  obliged  to  any  member  who  would  move 
for  it. 

Mr.  R.  King,  of  New  York,  intimated  to  me  that  the  Baron 
de  Neuville  complained  to  him  of  delays  in  his  negotiation,  and 
said  he  had  taken  great  pains  to  induce  him  to  take  part  with 


tpS  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN   QU1NCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

him  against  the  course  of  the  Administration  ;  which  he  had 
at  last  most  explicitly  refused.  I  told  him  I  should  take  up 
the  negotiation  with  De  Neuville  immediately  after  the  close 
of  the  session  of  Congress ;  but  I  believed  the  best  prospect 
of  concluding  a  Convention  would  be  the  result  of  manifesting 
rather  indifference  than  anxiety  for  it. 

He  said  he  thought  it  would.  He  also  spoke  to  me  of  Rus 
sell's  letter,  and  said  that  he  understood  the  whole  drift  and 
object  of  it,  and  of  the  proceedings  in  the  House  of  Representa 
tives  relating  to  it ;  that  it  was  the  same  system  of  defamation 
which  had  been  pursued  for  so  many  years  against  Mr.  Jay — 
and  which  was  exposed  in  the  late  publication  of  the  secret 
journals  of  the  old  Congress. 

Mr.  Rodney  spoke  to  me  of  Russell's  letter,  and  of  its  argu 
ment  that  the  Treaty  of  1783  had  been  abrogated  by  the  War 
of  1812.  He  said  that  there  had  been  in  the  year  1802  a  de 
bate  in  the  British  Parliament  which  involved  the  principle  of 
this  question,  and  in  which  the  British  Ministers,  and  particu 
larly  Lord  Hawkesbury,  maintained  the  doctrine  that  rights 
stipulated  by  treaty  were  not  abrogated  by  war.  He  also 
showed  me  in  the  Annual  Register  of  1800  the  treaty  between 
France  and  Spain,  which  he  had  mistaken  for  the  Treaty  of  St. 
Ildefonso,  when  in  a  recent  debate  in  the  Senate  he  had  said 
that  he  thought  he  had  seen  this  latter  treaty  in  that  work. 

Mr.  Fuller  moved  in  the  House  this  evening  a  call  for  Rus 
sell's  letter,  and  for  any  communication  from  any  other  member 
of  the  Ghent  mission  relating  to  it.  The  motion  lies  over,  of 
course,  one  day  for  consideration. 

7th.  I  called  at  the  President's  in  the  course  of  the  morning, 
and  left  with  him  the  copy  of  my  remarks  upon  Russell's  letters, 
and  a  written  request  to  him  that  he  would  communicate  them 
to  the  House  of  Representatives  with  the  letters,  on  the  renewal 
of  the  call.  I  told  him  that  the  remarks  had  necessarily  been 
written  in  great  haste,  and  if  he  had  time  to  read  them,  I  would 
readily  make  any  alteration  in  them  that  he  should  advise.  I 
found  J.  Sergeant  and  Hugh  Nelson  with  the  President,  but  they 
immediately  withdrew.  Sergeant  told  me  that  Fuller's  resolu 
tion  had  passed,  with  not  more  than  three  or  four  votes  against 


i822.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

it.     But  Mr.  Floyd,  the  first  mover  for  the  letter,  and  Mr.  Cocke, 
had  objected  to  the  renewal  of  the  call. 

Newton  was  in  high  spirits.  The  session  had  begun  with 
meetings  of  the  people  of  Virginia,  his  immediate  constituents, 
a  message  from  the  Governor  of  Virginia  to  the  Legislature, 
and  various  other  movements  in  the  South  against  our  Naviga 
tion  Acts,  which  he  had  always  supported.  He  was  Chairman 
of  the  Committee  of  Commerce,  and  was  called  by  his  duty  to 
report,  upon  the  memorials  of  his  constituents  and  others.  He 
remained  inflexibly  firm,  and  reported  most  decisively  in  support 
of  the  laws.  It  is  now  ascertained  that  the  British  Government 
itself  has  determined  to  yield,  at  least  partially,  in  this  con 
troversy,  and  that  bills  have  been  brought  into  Parliament  for 
opening  their  West  India  trade  to  our  shipping.  The  opposition 
of  Crawford's  partisans  to  the  Navigation  Acts  has  been  totally 
silenced  for  this  session  ;  and,  to  complete  Newton's  triumph, 
I  received  a  few  days  since  from  R.  Rush  a  dispatch  dated  Qth 
March,  mentioning  that  he  had  been  informed  the  Ministry, 
after  having  determined  to  present  a  plan  to  Parliament  for  open 
ing  to  us  the  West  India  trade,  had  suspended  this  determina 
tion  upon  receiving  information  of  the  popular  meetings  and 
memorials  here  against  our  Navigation  Acts.  Newton  asked 
me  for  an  extract  from  this  dispatch,  which  I  gave  him. 

Fuller  had  brought  with  him  a  copy  of  the  resolution  of  the 
House  calling  for  Russell's  letter,  and  for  any  communication 
from  any  other  of  the  Ministers  of  the  Ghent  mission  upon  the 
same  subject.  It  was  certified  by  the  Clerk,  who  had  prom 
ised  Fuller  that  he  would  officially  deliver  a  copy  of  it  to  the 
President  in  the  course  of  the  day.  Fuller  took  the  copy  that 
he  had  with  him  to  the  President. 

Mr.  Canning  came  likewise  to  the  office,  and  had  a  long  con 
versation  with  me  upon  various  topics,  as  usual.  He  had  a 
draft  of  a  dispatch  to  his  Government,  giving  an  account  of  the 
last  conversation  between  him  and  me,  when  he  told  me  that 
the  British  Government,  approving  altogether  the  grounds  upon 
which  their  Commissioner  Barclay  had  acted  in  his  difference 
with  General  Porter,  nevertheless  from  a  conciliatory  disposition 
had  authorized  Barclay  to  agree  to  the  report,  which  will  leave 


5  20  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

the  three  islands  in  question  within  the  bounds  of  the  United 
States.  When  Mr.  Canning  told  me  this,  I  had  assured  him  that 
I  should  make  it  known  to  the  President,  who  I  was  well  assured 
would  see  in  it  an  evidence  of  a  conciliatory  disposition  in  the 
British  Government,  a  disposition  which  he  would  very  sincerely 
reciprocate.  But  Mr.  Canning  in  his  dispatch  had  represented 
me  as  having  said  that  the  President  would  consider  it  as  a 
concession  on  the  part  of  Great  Britain,  to  which  the  American 
Government  would  on  a  proper  occasion  yield  a  suitable  return; 
which,  he  said,  was  the  English  for  the  term  reciprocate,  which 
I  had  used. 

Without  noticing  his  criticism  upon  the  term  reciprocate 
(which  is  a  genuine  English  word,  as  you  may  find  by  consult 
ing  Johnson's  Dictionary),  I  said  he  had  in  his  translation  of 
it  given  it  a  sense  rather  more  extensive  than  I  had  intended 
in  using  it.  I  did  not  mean  to  say  that  the  President  would 
consider  this  order  of  the  British  Government  as  opening  an 
account  current  of  concessions  in  which  these  three  islanc;s 
were  to  be  an  item  debited  to  the  United  States,  to  be  paid  for 
hereafter  by  some  concession  of  equal  value  on  their  part.  The 
reciprocity  which  I  had  promised  for  the  President  was  of  con 
ciliatory  dispositions — of  which  he  would  consider  this  order 
as  a  manifestation.  But  we  did  not  receive  it  as  a  concession, 
but  as  the  mere  waiver  of  an  unfounded  claim;  being  convinced 
that  Great  Britain  has  yielded  nothing  by  it  but  what  we  should 
have  obtained  by  an  award  of  the  arbitrator. 

Mr.  Canning  very  earnestly  contested  this  point,  but  finally 
took  the  draft  of  his  dispatch,  and  said  he  was  glad  he  had 
shown  it  to  me  before  sending  it,  as  he  would  not  misrepresent 
anything  that  I  said  to  him.  He  also  complained  that  the 
message  to  Congress  relating  to  the  duties  on  rolled  and  ham 
mered  iron  had  been  sent  in  to  Congress  so  late  in  the  session 
that  they  could  not  act  upon  it — particularly  as  he  had  written 
to  request  it  before  the  commencement  of  the  session. 

I  said  that  the  real  cause  of  the  delay  had  been  the  unre 
mitting  pressure  of  the  public  business  through  the  whole 
session,  and  the  probability  that  it  could  not  have  been  taken 
up  even  if  it  had  been  sent  in  on  the  first  day  of  the  session. 


1 822.]  7Y77i    DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  tj2I 

There  had  been  two  subjects  before  Congress  for  consideration 
with  which  this  subject  might  have  been  connected,  and  only 
two.  One  was  certain  resolutions  moved  by  Mr.  Baldwin ; 
the  other,  a  bill  for  revising  the  tariff  proposed  by  the  Com 
mittee  of  Ways  and  Means.  Congress  had  not  found  time  to 
act  upon  either  of  them,  and  if  this  subject  had  been  brought 
before  them  separately,  they  would  probably  have  rejected  the 
alteration  desired. 

He  said  he  had  entertained  better  hopes  from  conversations 
with  Mr.  Baldwin,  of  the  House,  and  Mr.  R.  King,  of  the  Senate. 

I  replied  that  as  Mr.  Baldwin  had  been  the  principal  antago 
nist  of  the  measure  in  the  House  heretofore,  and  as  he  under 
stood  more  of  the  merits  of  the  question  than  perhaps  any 
other  member  of  the  House,  and  there  was  reason  to  expect 
that  he  would  withdraw  his  opposition,  it  might  perhaps  pass 
the  House;  but  a  member  of  the  Senate  had  told  me  yesterday 
that  he  thought  it  would  be  rejected  there. 

At  this  Mr.  Canning  seemed  to  be  much  surprised.  I  told 
him  that  the  case  appeared  by  no  means  clear  even  to  the  Ex 
ecutive  Government  that  rolled  and  hammered  iron  were  the 
same  thing;  that  France  had  very  recently  made  a  discrimination 
between  them ;  that  the  President  had  been  willing  to  give  the 
most  liberal  construction  to  the  Convention,  and  that  if  between 
this  and  the  next  session  of  Congress  the  trade  between  us  and 
the  British  West  Indies  should  be  opened  by  Parliament,  as  there 
was  now  a  prospect  that  it.  would  be,  perhaps  a  more  liberal 
disposition  would  prevail  in  the  Senate,  and  a  better  prospect 
of  their  consenting  to  remove  the  discrimination  between  the 
duties  on  the  two  kinds  of  iron. 

He  said  he  would  communicate  to  his  Government  these 
observations. 

After  dinner  I  called  at  the  President's,  and  found  him  going 
to  the  Capitol.  I  rode  with  him  and  Mr.  Gouverneur,  who  had 
the  message  to  the  House,  with  Russell's  two  editions  of  his 
letter,  and  my  remarks  upon  them.  He  immediately  delivered 
the  message  to  the  House.  The  papers  were  not  read,  but 
ordered  to  be  laid  upon  the  table  and  to  be  printed.  Before 
we  left  the  President's  house,  he  put  into  my  hand  a  paper 


£22  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

proposing  three  or  four  very  slight  alterations  which  he  sug 
gested  should  be  made  to  my  remarks  upon  Russell's  letters ; 
all  of  which  I  immediately  made.  They  were  merely  harsh 
expressions,  which  in  the  hurry  of  writing,  and  the  indignation 
at  the  baseness  of  Russell's  conduct  in  this  attack  upon  my 
character  and  reputation,  had  escaped  me.  The  President  had 
not  himself  read  my  paper,  the  pressure  of  other  business  being 
so  great ;  but  Mr.  G.  Hay  had  read  it,  as  he  told  me,  very  at 
tentively,  having  already  perused  both  Russell's  letters,  the  real 
and  the  spurious  one.  He  had  marked  the  passages  which  the 
President  proposed  to  me  to  alter,  the  whole  not  amounting 
to  six  lines.  He  said  my  paper  was  so  unanswerable  in  sub 
stance,  that  the  less  there  was  of  severity  in  the  manner  the 
more  powerful  would  be  its  effect.  For,  setting  aside  entirely 
Russell's  misconduct  through  the  whole  business,  on  the  mere 
discussion  of  the  public  question  at  issue  my  paper  was,  both 
for  fact  and  argument,  the  most  overwhelming  thing  that  he 
had  ever  read. 

I  told  him  that  I  only  wished  he  had  marked  more  passages 
for  alteration,  and  that  if  there  had  been  time  I  had  intended 
to  have  requested  him  to  examine  the  paper  deliberately  and 
vigorously,  with  a  view  to  expunging  or  altering  any  objec 
tionable  passage.  At  the  Capitol  we  found  Mr.  Crawford  and 
Mr.  Thompson.  And  the  President  remained  there  till  past 
eleven  at  night,  examining  and  signing  between  fifty  and  sixty 
bills.  At  intervals  of  time  I  went  into  the  hall  of  the  House 
of  Representatives,  where  they  were  in  the  usual  state  of  dis 
solution  of  the  last  evening  of  a  session.  We  left  the  two 
Houses  still  sitting,  and  the  President  took  me  home  in  his 
carriage. 

8th.  Close  of  the  first  session  of  the  Seventeenth  Congress. 
The  House  of  Representatives  adjourned  to  meet  this  morning 
at  six  o'clock,  but  they  could  not  form  a  quorum;  and  the 
Senate  had  adjourned  to  meet  at  ten.  I  called  before  that  hour 
at  the  President's,  and  found  him  somewhat  concerned  at  a 
statement  which  appeared  in  the  last  evening's  Washington 
City  Gazette,  importing,  though  in  equivocal  terms,  that  Mr. 
Fuller's  resolution  calling  for  Russell's  letter,  &c.,  had  been 


i822.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


523 


rejected  by  the  House.  The  President  said  he  had  sent  the 
message  and  papers  on  the  certified  copy  of  the  resolution  left 
with  him  by  Mr.  Fuller;  and  it  was  singular  that  the  Clerk  of 
the  House  had  not  yet  furnished  him  the  official  copy  of  it. 
I  told  him  that  the  statement  in  the  Gazette  was  erroneous, 
and  asked  him  if  he  had  the  National  Intelligencer  of  this 
morning.  He  sent  for  it,  and  found  it  stated  that  Mr.  Fuller's 
resolution  had  been  adopted  by  the  House,  after  a  conver 
sation  between  Mr.  Fuller,  Mr.  Floyd,  and  Mr.  Cocke  on  the 
propriety  of  calling  again  for  a  paper  which  the  President  had 
already  once  declined  to  send. 

The  President  remarked  that  this  statement  was  incorrect. 
He  had  not  declined  to  send  the  letter,  but  referred  it  to  the 
House  to  decide  whether  upon  a  view  of  all  the  circumstances 
they  would  choose  to  call  for  it. 

After  some  detention  at  my  office,  I  went  to  the  Capitol. 
The  President  was  there — as  were  Messrs.  Crawford,  Calhoun, 
and  Thompson.  By  the  new  joint  rule  of  the  two  Houses,  no 
bill  can  be  presented  to  the  President  for  his  signature  on  the 
last  day  of  the  session.  But  this  was  not  understood  to  include 
bills  which  passed  last  evening  after  he  left  the  Capitol.  The 
Senate  were  chiefly  engaged  upon  Executive  business — passing 
upon  nominations  to  office.  There  was  in  circulation  a  copy 
of  a  letter  from  Mr.  Jefferson  to  Mr.  Ruggles,  the  Senator 
from  Ohio,  railing  at  .the  decision  of  the  Supreme  Court  of  the 
United  States  in  the  case  of  Cohens.  G.  Hay  at  first  thought 
it  not  genuine,  and  afterwards  said  it  was  unworthy  of  Mr.  Jef 
ferson.  Thompson  said  every  word  in  it  contained  a  volume 
of  meaning.  Crawford  avoided  giving  an  opinion  upon  it,  but 
spoke  of  another  argumentative  letter  of  Mr.  Jefferson's  on  the 
same  subject,  and  said  he  could  agree  with  the  doctrine  con 
tained  in  it,  according  to  such  construction  as  he  should,  give 
to  certain  passages  in  it.  Calhoun  said  it  was  a  most  extraor 
dinary  letter.  Every  one  of  these  gentlemen  spoke  with  side- 
glances  towards  popular  prejudices.  Calhoun  spoke  to  me 
with  great  bitterness  of  the  proceedings  of  both  Houses  of 
Congress  at  the  present  session,  and  especially  of  the  conduct 
of  the  Speaker.  I  said  to  him,  "  Mr.  Calhoun,  you  may  thank 


524  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

yourself  for  it  all.  You,  and  you  alone,  made  Mr.  Barbour 
Speaker ;  and  I  trust  you  have  not  forgotten  how  earnestly  I 
entreated  you  merely  not  to  prevent  the  re-election  of  Taylor, 
who  had  offered  friendship  and  good  will  to  the  Administra 
tion,  and  who  would  have  kept  his  word."  He  said  he  remem 
bered  it,  and  he  now  believed  Taylor  would  have  been  friendly. 
But  he  had  been  much  otherwise  before.  "  Well,"  said  I,  "  you 
succeeded  in  turning  him  out,  and  you  have  got  one  ten  times 
worse  in  his  stead."  He  said  there  had  never  been  such  a 
state  of  things  in  this  Government  before.  I  did  not  pursue 
the  conversation. 

I  spoke  to  Dougherty,  the  Clerk  of  the  House  of  Repre 
sentatives,  about  the  resolution  of  the  House  calling  for  Rus 
sell's  letter,  &c.,  of  which  I  told  him  the  President  had  not 
received  the  official  copy.  He  had  forgotten  it,  but  sent  one  in 
the  course  of  the  morning.  I  told  Gales  that  his  reporter  had 
stated  incorrectly  the  conversation  upon  the  passage  of  Mr. 
Fuller's  resolution — which  he  did  not  admit,  and  said  he  had 
happened  to  take  the  minutes  of  that  whole  debate  himself,  and 
should  publish  it  entire.  I  said  that  was  precisely  what  I 
wished ;  but,  in  the  mean  time,  the  statement  in  this  morning's 
paper  was  incorrect.  Fuller  himself  also  spoke  to  Gales  about 
it,  and  he  promised  to  rectify  the  error.  I  was  some  time  in 
the  House,  which  was  in  a  manner  breaking  up.  They  ad 
journed  from  twelve  till  two  o'clock,  and  in  the  interval  Mr. 
R.  King  and  Mr.  Macon,  of  the  Senate,  and  M.  L.  Hill,  one  of 
the  three  committee-men  from  the  House,  came  with  the  usual 
message  to  the  President,  that  the  two  Houses  were  ready  to 
adjourn  if  he  had  no  further  communications  to  make  to  them 
— which  he  said  he  had  not.  The  President  then  immediately 
went  home,  and  I  returned  to  my  office. 

9th.  I  went  first  to  my  office,  where  D.  P.  Cook,  member 
from  Illinois,  called  and  took  leave ;  he  was  proceeding  on  his 
way  homeward.  He  told  me  that  he  had  heard  that  during 
the  latter  part  of  the  session  of  Congress  Governor  Edwards, 
the  Senator  from  Illinois,  had  ranged  himself  among  the  parti 
sans  of  Mr.  Calhoun  for  the  succession  to  the  Presidency.  He 
said  he  had  spoken  to  Mr.  Edwards  about  it ;  he  had  denied 


1 82 2.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

the  fact,  but  Cook  intimated  that  he  nevertheless  believed  it 
to  be  true.  But  he  said  that  as  to  the  vote  of  the  State,  Mr. 
Edwards  well  knew  it  would  not  be  for  Mr.  Calhoun,  nor  for 
any  Southern  man.  Cook  last  summer  married  Edwards's 
daughter.  Until  this  session  of  Congress  Edwards  has  con 
stantly  held  himself  out  to  me  as  peculiarly  and  earnestly  my 
friend.  He  has  this  session  sought  no  occasion  of  conversing 
with  me,  and,  I  have  no  doubt,  has  chained  himself  to  the  car 
of  Calhoun.  As  the  time  of  that  election  approaches,  it  be 
comes  daily  more  apparent  that  the  election  will  be  a  contest 
between  two  factions  in  Congress,  which  is  now  an  open  market 
for  the  purchase  of  votes.  The  two  Houses  of  Congress  are 
the  praetorian  guards,  who  will  in  substance,  if  not  in  form,  set 
up  the  empire  at  auction.  It  has  been  nearly  so  once  before. 
Were  it  consistent  with  my  principles  to  work  for  my  own  ad 
vancement  any  otherwise  than  by  public  service,  it  is  now  too 
late  for  me  to  commence  bidding  for  the  Presidency.  Neither 
have  I  any  faculty  at  driving  such  bargains.  I  told  Cook  that 
I  thought  it  impossible  the  present  Executive  Administration 
should  hold  together  through  another  session  of  Congress. 
It  is  now  nothing  but  a  system  of  mining  and  countermining 
between  Crawford  and  Calhoun  to  blow  up  each  other,  and 
a  continual  underhanded  working  of  both,  jointly,  against 
me,  which  has  been  the  more  effective  because  I  have  neither 
creature  nor  champion  in  either  House  of  Congress.  At  this 
game  Crawford  is  a  much  superior  artist  to  Calhoun,  whose 
hurried  ambition  will  probably  ruin  himself  and  secure  the  tri 
umph  of  Crawford.  Such  is  the  present  prospect. 

nth.  Mr.  Gales,  senior  editor  of  the  National  Intelligencer, 
was  this  morning  at  my  office  with  a  first  proof-sheet,  of  the 
Congressional  document  containing  the  President's  two  mes 
sages  to  the  House  concerning  Russell's  letters,  the  letters 
themselves,  and  my  remarks  upon  them.  He  came  to  consult 
me  about  the  manner  of  printing  them,  but  chiefly,  I  believe, 
to  tell  me  that  he  had  lost  his  notes  (which,  he  said,  had  never 
happened  to  him  but  once  before)  of  the  debate  or  conversa 
tion  upon  Russell's  letters,  on  Euller's  resolution  to  call  for 
them.  So  that  Gales  cannot  perform  his  promise  of  publishing 


526  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

that  debate  "  in  extenso."  The  remarkable  part  of  it  was  that 
Floyd,  who  had  first  moved  for  the  residue  of  the  Ghent  nego 
tiation  papers,  and  then  specially  for  Russell's  letter,  and  who 
but  a  few  days  since  manifested  great  impatience  to  get  the 
letter,  now  opposed  the  call  for  it.  Upon  his  first  motion  for 
the  Ghent  papers,  he  had  pretended  to  want  them  to  ascertain 
whether  there  was  anything  in  them  that  bore  upon  his  pro 
jected  settlement  at  the  mouth  of  Columbia  River.  He  did 
not  make  the  same  pretence  in  moving  for  Russell's  letter, 
because  it  was  evident  from  the  short  letter  of  25th  December 
from  Russell,  communicated  with  the  Ghent  documents,  and 
upon  the  hint  of  which  Floyd  moved  his  second  call,  that  Rus 
sell's  letter  from  Paris  could  have  no  possible  bearing  upon  the 
Columbia  River  settlement.  But  now,  when  Fuller  moved  that 
the  call  should  be  repeated,  Mr.  Floyd  objected  to  it,  saying 
that  he  found  from  the  President's  message  that  the  letter  had 
no  relation  to  his  purposed  settlement  at  the  mouth  of  the 
Columbia  River;  and  Mr.  Cocke  said  the  President  had  declined 
sending  it  on  the  ground  of  its  leading  to  a  misunderstanding 
between  the  Envoys.  This  change  of  tone  and  tactics  on  the 
part  of  the  movers  of  the  mischief  is  a  signal  incident  in  the 
course  of  these  transactions,  and  I  wished  it  might  have  been 
duly  recorded  by  an  authentic  report  of  the  debate. 

1 2th.  In  the  National  Gazette  of  Friday,  the  loth,  is  pub 
lished  Jonathan  Russell's  letter  to  Mr.  Monroe  of  nth  Feb 
ruary,  1815,  with  editorial  remarks  assenting  to  its  doctrines, 
vouching  for  the  authenticity  of  the  copy  published,  extenu 
ating  and  justifying  Russell's  conduct  in  writing  the  letter,  but 
professing  a  willingness  to  hear  what  we  have  to  say  against 
it.  The  letter  itself  is  garbled ;  not  to  the  same  extent  as  the 
duplicate  delivered  by  Russell  at  the  Department  of  State,  but 
sufficiently  to  let  in  the  charge  of  a  direct  violation  of  in 
structions  ;  and  with  it  the  extract  from  the  instructions  of  I5th 
April,  1813,  upon  which  he  founds  the  pretended  charge.  It 
is  apparent  on  the  face  of  all  these  papers  that  they  were  fur 
nished  for  publication  by  Mr.  Russell  himself.  And  the  pecu 
liar  profligacy  of  it  is,  that  he  persists  in  this  falsification  of  his 
own  letter,  and  repeats  the  charge  of  violated  instructions  after 


1 822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

I  had  showed  him  the  instructions  of  igth  October,  1814.  I 
wrote  this  evening  a  letter  to  R.  Walsh,  the  editor  of  the  Na 
tional  Gazette,  apprising  him  that  his  copy  of  the  letter  was 
not  exact. 

1 3th.  General  Parker  came,  and  enquired  if  there  was  any 
vacant  employment  under  the  direction  of  the  Department  of 
State  to  which  he  could  be  appointed.  There  is  no  such 
vacancy.  Parker  was  for  some  years  Chief  Clerk  in  the  War 
Department,  and  afterwards  Adjutant-  and  Inspector-General, 
with  the  rank  of  Brigadier-General.  At  the  reduction  of  the 
army  last  year,  the  office  of  Adjutant-  and  Inspector-General 
was  abolished ;  but,  in  the  arrangements  made  under  that  act, 
Towson,  who  had  been  Paymaster-General,  was  made  colonel 
of  the  second  regiment  of  artillery,  and  Parker  was  appointed 
Paymaster-General.  This  appointment  of  Towson's  was  the 
principal  cause  of  the  difference  between  the  President  and  the 
Senate,  and  of  their  twice  rejecting  his  nomination ;  the  con 
sequence  of  which  has  been  that  Parker  has  been  removed 
from  the  office  of  Paymaster-General,  and  Towson  re-appointed 
to  it.  But,  from  what  the  President  said  to  me  some  time  since, 
he  intended  at  all  events  to  have  dismissed  Parker  from  the 
office  of  Paymaster-General,  Mr.  Calhoun  having  considered 
himself  as  ill  treated  by  him.  Parker  told  me  this  day  that 
Mr.  Calhoun  one  day  in  February  last  had  him  called  into  the 
War  Office,  and,  taking  the  precaution  of  having  a  witness 
present,  asked  him  if  he  had  spoken  in  a  spirit  of  ridicule  or 
censure  upon  his,  the  Secretary  of  War's,  reports ;  that  Parker 
had  said  the  question  \vas  of  so  extraordinary  a  kind  that  he 
did  not  know  how  to  answer  it.  Had  any  one  said  that  he  had 
so  spoken  ?  Who  was  the  accuser,  and  what  had  he  charged 
him  with  having  said?  Mr.  Calhoun  had  replied  that  he  (Par 
ker)  knew  whether  he  had  so  spoken,  and  could  be  at  no  loss 
to  answer  the  question  ;  that  he  had,  however,  declined  answer 
ing  a  question  in  such  general  terms,  when  he  was  neither 
told  who  had  made  the  charge  nor  what  he  was  accused  of 
having  said.  I  suppose  this  was  the  decisive  cause  of  Parker's 
removal. 

1 5th.  Wyer's  object  was  to  express  his«anxiety  for  the  im- 


$ 28  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

mediate  publication  of  the  message  with  Russell's  letters,  &c., 
and  to  tell  me  what  mischief  Russell's  letter  was  working,  as 
published  in  the  National  Gazette,  against  my  reputation,  and 
what  an  earnest  expectation  there  was  to  see  my  reply. 

Menou  came  with  a  note  and  a  counter-projet  from  the 
Baron  Hyde  de  Neuville,  who,  he  said,  would  have  come  with 
them  himself  but  that  he  was  severely  indisposed  and  had  been 
yesterday  confined  to  his  bed.  The  President  likewise  called 
at  the  office,  and  I  gave  him  the  French  Minister's  counter- 
projet  for  consideration.  I  wrote  this  evening  to  Mr.  T.  Fuller, 
asking  him  for  a  minute  of  the  debate  on  the  passage  of  his 
resolution  calling  for  Russell's  letter. 

1 8th.  Gales  and  Seaton  have  sent  me  the  proof-sheets  of  the 
documents  with  the  President's  message  to  the  House  of  ^th 
May — Russell's  letters  and  my  remarks.  They  sent  this  morn 
ing  the  last  sheet,  which  I  have  myself  revised.  E.  Wyer  came 
again,  very  impatient  for  the  publication,  and  telling  me  with 
some  exultation  that  the  very  day  after  its  appearance  I  should 
be  attacked  in  a  piece  of  four  columns,  of  which  he  knew,  and 
which  is  already  written.  The  President,  who  had  been  riding 
out  on  horseback  with  Mr.  George  Hay,  stopped  at  my  door 
to  tell  me  that  he  had  not  seen  till  this  day  a  recommenda 
tion  that  I  had  sent  him  one  of  the  last  days  of  the  session  of 
Congress,  of  Colonel  Malcolm  as  Marshal  for  East  Florida.  He 
had,  therefore,  nominated  another  person ;  but  he  wished  me 
to  inform  Colonel  Malcolm  immediately  that  there  was  another 
place  which  he  would  give  him,  connected  with  the  Indian  De 
partment.  This  notice  from  the  President  led  me  to  conclude 
that  Malcolm  had  found  at  the  Treasury  a  more  efficient  friend 
than  the  Secretary  of  State. 

2Oth.  I  was  at  the  President's,  and  he  directed  a  Cabinet 
meeting  for  to-morrow  at  noon  to  consider  the  last  counter- 
projet  from  the  French  Minister.  The  President  very  unex 
pectedly  asked  me  what  was  the  condition  of  the  suit  between 
L.  Harris  and  W.  D.  Lewis.  I  told  him  it  had  not  yet  been 
tried.  He  said  he  remembered  I  had  last  summer  written  him 
a  letter  containing  certain  questions  relative  to  this  affair,  which 
he  had  verbally  told  me  he  would  answer  at  a  suitable  time ; 


1 822.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  539 

but  that  Harris  having  been  here  to  apply  for  his  testimony 
upon  the  trial,  which  he  had  then  declined  giving,  he  had 
thought  it  best  to  wait  till  the  trial  should  be  over  before 
answering  my  queries.  He  asked  if  I  could  furnish  him  with 
a  copy  of  them.  I  said  I  could  ;  but  that  since  that  time  the 
depositions  of  Mr.  Crawford,  Mr.  Calhoun,  and  myself  had  been 
taken  in  the  case;  that  Mr.  Crawford  had  testified  to  certain 
things  as  having  been  said  to  him  by  the  President  concern 
ing  me  which  I  had  testified  were  not,  and  proved  by  recur 
rence  to  dates  could  not  be,  true.  Mr.  Crawford's  memory 
had  failed  him.  The  President  said  he  did  not  see  why  he 
should  not  give  his  deposition  in  the  case.  I  said  that  would 
be  as  he  should  think  fit;  but  that  at  his  own  convenience  I 
should  wish  explicit  answers  in  writing  to  the  questions  I  had 
addressed  to  him.  He  said  he  certainly  would  give  them,  and 
asked  me  if  I  had  copies  of  the  depositions.  I  said  I  had, 
and  would  bring  them  to  him.  He  did  not  tell  me  why  he 
spoke  to  me  upon  this  subject  now.  Harris's  principal  counsel, 
Horace  Binney,  has  lately  been  here. 

After  returning  to  the  office,  I  wrote  to  R.  Walsh,  and 
enclosed  to  him  one  of  the  printed  messages  containing  Rus 
sell's  letters,  &c.,  which  were  this  day  made  public. 

2  ist.  There  was  a  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's  at  noon, 
attended  by  all  the  members  of  the  Administration,  to  consider 
new  proposals  of  the  French  Minister.  He  has  sent,  in  answer 
to  myprojet  of  a  Convention,  not  a  counter-projet,  but  a  paper 
called  substance  of  a  temporary  arrangement — as  loosely  drawn 
as  all  his  former  papers.  It  is  drawn  in  the  form  of  articles ; 
but  the  articles  themselves  are  argumentative,  and  the  side- 
notes  are  as  spacious  as  the  articles.  The  first  is,  that  the  Act 
of  1 5th  May,  1820,  and  the  French  ordinance  of  26th  July  after, 
shall  be  repealed;  the  second,  that  the  duties  collected  under 
them  shall  be  refunded.  The  object  of  these  articles  is  to  give 
the  United  States  the  appearance  of  retracing  their  steps. 

Mr.  Crawford  was  for  agreeing  to  them;  to  which  I  warmly 
objected.  The  third  article  was  a  stipulation  to  restore  desert 
ing  seamen,  to  which  I  objected  also,  as  belonging  to  a  general 
commercial  negotiation.  The  other  articles  made  new  difficul- 
VOL.  v.— 34 


530  MEMOIRS   OF  JO  PIN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

ties  about  the  ascertainment  of  the  French  and  American  ton ; 
renewed  the  proposal  that  the  discriminating  duties  should  be 
levied  only  upon  the  excess  in  value  of  importations  over  the 
exportations  in  the  same  vessel ;  and  proposed  that  the  opera 
tion  of  the  Convention  should  commence  on  the  25th  of  August 
next.  Mr.  Crawford  was  for  agreeing  to  everything. 

When  the  Act  of  Congress  of  I5th  May,  1820,  was  on  its 
passage  through  Congress,  at  the  several  Cabinet  meetings 
that  were  held  on  the  subject,  he  never  intimated  an  objection 
to  any  part  of  it ;  when  the  controversy  with  France  grew  into 
serious  difficulty,  and  symptoms  of  dissatisfaction  with  this 
Act  began  to  appear  abroad  in  the  country,  and  in  Congress, 
Mr.  Crawford  declared  that  he  had  been  against  the  Act  of 
1 5th  May,  1820,  at  the  time  of  its  passage.  But  Congress,  at 
their  late  session,  showed  a  determination  so  firm  and  so  nearly 
unanimous  to  abide  by  that  Act,  and  the  prospect  is  now  so 
fair  of  obtaining  at  least  a  tolerable  bargain  with  France,  that 
Crawford  is  afraid  of  its  being  too  favorable.  He,  therefore,  is 
for  granting  everything  that  the  Baron  will  please  to  demand, 
because  the  more  is  granted  to  France  the  less  advantageous 
will  be  the  treaty  to  us,  and  the  less  advantageous  to  us,  the 
less  credit  and  the  more  discredit  to  the  Secretary  of  State, 
who  is  to  sign  the  treaty. 

There  was  warm  discussion  between  Crawford  and  me  upon 
several  of  these  articles  proposed  by  the  Baron,  particularly 
the  first  and  second,  the  repealing  of  the  Acts,  and  refunding 
the  duties  levied.  As  questions  of  interest,  they  amount  to 
nothing,  but  the  appearance  to  the  world  would  be  that  the 
•  United  States  retreated  from  their  own  ground. 

Crawford  said  it  would  be  conciliatory;  that  we  were  suf 
fering  much  by  the  present  state  of  things;  that  in  the  last 
year  there  had  been  thirty-eight  thousand  tons  of  foreign  ship 
ping  employed  in  the  commerce  between  us  and  France,  which 
was  more  than  there  had  been  of  French  shipping  employed 
in  it  at  any  time. 

I  agreed  that  it  was  very  desirable  we  should  form  a  Con 
vention  with  France,  and  said  that  as  to  the  main  point  in  dis 
pute  we  had  already  conceded  more  than  I  thought  we  ought 


1 822.]  THE  DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  r^z 

to  have  done.  I  believed  also  that  such  would  be  the  public 
opinion  should  the  Convention  be  concluded.  But  certainly 
we  should  be  taken  to  task  for  any  unnecessary  concessions. 

Crawford  said  that  if  we  negotiated  in  such  a  temper,  no  Con 
vention  can  be  formed  ;  that  if  by  admitting  these  articles  we 
retracted  our  law,  France  also  retracted  hers.  But,  I  observed, 
the  first  retracting  in  this  proposal  would  be  ours.  Mr.  Wirt 
and  the  President  observed  that  if  we  retracted,  France  must 
go  further  back  and  retract  her  tariff  of  1.817.  But,  Crawford 
said,  we  had  begun  with  discriminating  duties  in  1790. 

This  is  precisely  De  Neuville's  argument,  which  has  been  a 
dozen  times  refuted  in  the  correspondence.  So  about  the  article 
to  restore  deserting  seamen  ;  Crawford  said  he  was  for  agreeing 
to  it,  and  said  he  was  afraid  De  Neuville  would  insist  upon  it. 
The  President  and  Calhoun  were  against  agreeing  to  it,  and  I 
objected  to  it,  unless  we  could  obtain  some  advantage  for  it  in 
return.  Crawford  said  there  was  a  moral  obligation  to  do  it  by 
law,  and  Wirt  said  the  State  of  Virginia  had  a  law  to  that  effect. 
I  concurred  in  the  opinion  that  on  principles  of  justice  it  ought 
to  be  the  law,  but  observed  that  Congress  had  four  years  ago 
refused  to  enact  such  a  law ;  and  if  it  was  to  be  conceded  as 
a  treaty  stipulation  to  a  particular  nation,  it  ought  not  to  be 
gratuitously  given. 

There  was  also  much  waste  of  discussion  upon  the  articles 
concerning  the  admeasurement  of  tons ;  and  I  remarked  upon 
the  arrant  trifling  in  the  Baron's  projet  upon  a  matter  of  detail 
so  insignificant.  Mr.  Crawford,  Mr.  Calhoun,  and  the  President 
all  thought  very  favorably  of  the  offer  to  levy  the^  discrimi 
nating  duties  only  upon  the  excess  of  importations.  Crawford 
said  it  would  operate  as  an  entire  abandonment  of  all  discrimi 
nating  duties.  I  thought  it  was  a  snare  to  levy  the  duties  upon 
articles  imported  for  re-exportation,  and  said  that,  although  the 
Baron  had  agreed  to  except  the  latter,  I  did  not  see  how  the 
details  of  the  two  principles  could  be  reconciled  together.  I 
was  afraid  its  first  and  immediate  effect  would  be  to  raise  ques 
tions  on  the  meaning  of  the  articles,  and  that  they  would  pro 
duce  a  new  controversy  instead  of  an  adjustment.  The  Baron 
presents  it,  however,  as  an  article  of  his  own  suggestion,  to  be 


532  MEMOIRS    OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

inserted  subject  to  acceptance  or  refusal  separately,  so  that  the 
rest  of  the  Convention  may  be  ratified  either  with  or  without 
it.  The  Baron  likewise  proposes  that  although  the  Convention 
shall  be  limited  to  two  years,  it  may  continue  longer,  unless 
six  months'  notice  be  given  by  either  party  of  its  termination, 
and  that  after  the  two  years,  if  no  such  notice  should  be  given, 
the  discriminating  duties  shall  be  reduced  on  both  sides  from 
year  to  year. 

Mr.  Crawford  relied  much  upon  this  power  of  putting  an 
end  to  the  Convention  in  two  years ;  but  I  thought  its  opera 
tion  would  be  disadvantageous  to  us  in  either  alternative ;  for 
if  the  Convention  should  operate  in  our  favor,  France  would 
give  the  notice,  and  at  the  end  of  two  years  we  should  have 
to  begin  again.  If  it  should  operate  against  us,  we  shall  be 
obliged  to  give  the  notice,  and  not  only  have  to  begin  again, 
but  incur  the  disgrace  of  having  been  overreached  in  the  nego 
tiation.  The  Baron  proposes  that  the  Convention  should  be  in 
force  from  and  after  the  25th  of  August,  to  which  I  thought  the 
1st  of  September  should  be  substituted.  Mr.  Crawford  supposed 
at  first  that  my  objection  was  to  the  distance  of  the  day;  but  I 
told  him  it  was  to  the  day,  and  for  the  very  reason  which  had 
led  the  Baron  to  propose  it,  because  it  was  the  festival  of  St. 
Louis,  the  King's  fete,  and  the  great  holiday  of  the  Bourbons. 
Crawford  was  for  indulging  him  also  in  this  humor.  He  said 
that  De  Neuville  was  now  exceedingly  anxious  to  return  to 
-France,  and  very  desirous  of  embarking  in  a  vessel  which  is 
to  sail  from  New  York  the  1st  of  next  month.  He  considered 
the  proposals  of  the  Baron  as  amounting  in  substance  to  a 
total  abandonment  of  discriminating  duties,  which  was  the 
great  object  at  which  we  had  been  aiming,  and  he  thought 
we  ought  not  to  lose  the  opportunity  of  securing  it. 

Mr.  Calhoun  inclined  also  to  these  opinions,  particularly  that 
the  Convention  would  operate  to  abolish  the  discriminating 
duties,  and  that  De  Neuville  was  exceedingly  anxious  to  go 
home  with  a  Convention  in  his  pocket.  My  great  objection 
was  to  the  articles  stipulating  the  repeal  of  the  Acts  and  the 
refunding  of  the  duties,  which  would  exhibit  us  in  a  humiliating 
attitude  to  the  world.  Crawford  said  that  in  other  respects  the 


iS22.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE.  ^3 

Convention  would  exhibit  France  in  a  humiliating1  attitude  to 
the  world;  which  I  assured  him  would  afford  me  neither  con 
solation  nor  gratification.  I  had  not  the  most  distant  desire  of 
mortifying  France,  nor  should  I  take  one  moment  of  pleasure 
in  her  humiliation.  But  between  that  and  subscribing  to  the 
humiliation  of  my  country  there  was  an  immeasurable  distance, 
which  I  never  would  traverse.  As  to  the  article  for  the  resti 
tution  of  seamen,  there  was  one  consideration  which  might 
induce  me  to  agree  to  it.  There  was  a  principle  of  negotiation 
that  each  article  in  a  treaty  was  to  be  considered  as  an  equiva 
lent  for  all  the  others,  and  all  together  as  an  equivalent  for 
each.  If  the  Convention  should  prove  in  substance  to  be  an 
abandonment  of  all  discriminating  duties,  and  as  such  operate 
rather  unfavorably  to  France,  this  article  might  reconcile  her 
to  its  continuance,  as  she  considers  it  very  important  and  as  its 
operation  would  be  all  in  her  favor;  for,  as  the  laws  of  France 
prohibit  the  shipping  of  foreign  seamen  in  French  vessels,  there 
is  neither  motive  nor  means  of  desertion  to  foreign  seamen  in 
French  ports. 

The  President  finally  desired  me  to  make  a  draft  of  a  reply 
to  this  projet  of  the  French  Minister  conformable  to  the  im 
pressions  which  had  appeared  to  be  prevalent  at  this  meeting. 

After  I  returned  to  the  office,  Baron  Stackelberg  called,  and 
complained  of  a  mistake  in  the  translation  of  one  of  his  notes, 
published  among  the  documents  of  the  late  session  of  Congress. 
He  showed  me  the  passage,  which  was  really  mistranslated. 
The  documents  were  sent  in  one  of  the  last  days  of  the  session, 
when  I  had  no  time  to  examine  the  papers,  and  in  such  cases 
blunders  are  almost  sure  to  happen. 

23d.  I  took  to  the  President's  a  copy  of  my  letter  to  him 
of  July  last,  asking  his  answers  to  certain  questions  respect 
ing  the  reference  of  the  charges  against  L.  Harris  to  Messrs. 
Crawford  and  Calhotin  in  1818,  and  copies  of  the  depositions 
of  Mr.  Crawford,  Mr.  Calhoun,  and  myself,  taken  last  Novem 
ber.  I  told  him  they  were  all  taken  upon  the  attempt  ma,de  by 
Mr.  Harris  to  discredit  my  testimony  given  in  April,  1821.  I 
requested  him  to  read  with  the  utmost  attention  the  interroga 
tories,  and  Mr.  Crawford's,  Mr.  Calhoun's,  and  my  answers  to 


534  MEMOIRS   OF  JO  PIN   QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

each  of  them,  so  as  to  possess  himself  entirely  of  the  precise 
points  of  the  questions  to  be  answered  by  him.  As  to  the 
suggestion  of  his  giving  his  deposition  in  Court,  I  must  leave 
that  entirely  to  his  own  determination.  Whether  a  President 
of  the  United  States  ought  in  any  case  to  give  testimony  in 
a  Court  of  Justice  was  a  question  of  great  public  interest,  on 
which  I  would  not  wish  to  give  an  opinion  in  a  case  so  directly 
affecting  myself.  Mr.  Jefferson  had  when  President  declined 
giving  testimony,  and  I  would  ask  nothing  of  him  which  could 
be  questionable  with  reference  to  his  public  duties.  All  I  could 
say  was,  that,  so  far  as  I  could  be  personally  affected  by  it,  I 
was  desirous  that  he  should  give  his  testimony,  and  should  be 
glad  if  he  would  give  it.  But  if  he  did  not,  I  must  earnestly 
renew  the  request  that  he  would  answer  the  questions  in  my 
letter,  and  answer  them  in  writing.  I  wanted  his  answers  for 
my  own  satisfaction,  and  for  that  of  my  children.  He  would 
suit  the  time  of  giving  these  answers  to  his  own  convenience 
and  inclination.  He  promised  to  examine  with  the  utmost 
attention  the  papers  that  I  left  with  him,  and  to  answer  my 
questions  before  he  should  retire  from  public  life.  I  brought 
him  also  a  letter  from  General  H.  Dearborn  accepting  the 
appointment  of  Minister  to  Portugal,  at  which  he  expressed 
himself  much  gratified. 

My  remarks  on  Russell's  letters  were  this  day  published  in 
the  National  Intelligencer. 

24th.  Dr.  Thornton  came  in  this  morning,  and  began  at  once 
upon  Russell's  letters  and  my  remarks.  He  said  he  had  a 
very  poor  opinion  of  Russell's  letter  when  he  first  saw  it ;  but 
this  is  not  the  impression  which  it  has  generally  made.  It 
has  passed  for  being  very  well  written.  There  is  an  air  of 
plausibility  about  it  imposing  at  a  first  perusal.  Its  misrepre 
sentations  of  facts  are  artful,  its  argument,  though  radically 
sophistical,  elaborate  and  subtle.  There  is  a  fatuitous  affec 
tation  of  diplomatic  and  legal  knowledge,  shallow  and  blun 
dering  in  fact,  but  masking  real  ignorance  under  a  show  of 
learning.  The  President  really  thought  at  first  that  it  would 
make  a  profound  impression  upon  the  public  mind.  Walsh, 
the  editor  of  the  National  Gazette,  a  man  of  talents  and  litera- 


1 822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 


535 


ture,  was  so  much  convinced  by  the  argument  that,  without 
waiting  for  my  answer,  he  pronounced  at  once  upon  it  in  favor 
of  Russell's  position,  that  the  Treaty  of  1783  was  entirely 
abrogated  by  the  War  of  1812.  All  the  newspapers  in  which 
Russell's  letter,  as  published  in  Walsh's  Gazette,  has  been 
noticed,  have  spoken  of  it  as  an  argument  entirely  conclusive ; 
and  Eaton  last  evening,  in  speaking  of  it,  observed  that  Russell 
wrote  remarkably  well  for  so  dull  a  man.  G.  Hay  observed  to 
me  two  days  ago  how  surprisingly  the  real  state  of  the  question 
was  misunderstood  throughout  the  continent,  adding  that  he 
had  no  apprehension  but  that  the  public  opinion  upon  it  would 
ultimately  come  out  right.  How  that  may  be  depends  upon  a 
higher  power.  I  shall  not  satisfy  prejudice  nor  appease  malice. 

There  was  a  Cabinet  meeting  at  the  President's — Mr.  Craw 
ford  absent,  confined  to  his  house  by  an  intermitting  fever,  and 
Mr.  Wirt  at  Alexandria.  The  question  to  be  considered  was 
upon  a  report  of  Governor  Preston,  Commissioner  to  ascertain 
the  losses  of  citizens  of  Georgia  by  depredations  of  Creek 
Indians,  for  which,  by  a  late  treaty,  the  United  States  have 
undertaken  to  make  indemnity.  They  have  gone  back  in 
search  of  such  losses  to  the  year  1775.  'Tis  chiefly  for  negroes 
and  cattle  stolen.  Preston  has  made  an  award  to  the  amount 
of  more  than  ninety  thousand  dollars,  and  there  are  claims  for 
interest  reserved  to  perhaps  double  that  amount.  Preston  has 
awarded  in  favor  of  claimants  upon  very  feeble  testimony, 
sometimes  nothing  but  their  own  affidavits,  and  has  allowed 
enormous  prices  for  the  value  of  negroes  and  horses  lost.  He 
has  invariably  considered  the  proof  of  the  loss  alone  as  deci 
sive  in  favor  of  the  claim  of  indemnity  for  restitution,  although 
restitution  could  only  have  been  of  the  negroes  and  cattle 
which  were  living  at  the  time  of  the  stipulations  in  the  re 
spective  treaties.  The  claim  of  interest  is  the  most  important 
point,  and  I  observed  that  it  was  made  more  so  by  its  bearing 
on  the  claims  of  indemnity  for  slaves  upon  the  British  Govern 
ment,  in  case  the  decision  of  the  Emperor  Alexander  should 
be  in  our  favor. 

Mr.  Calhoun  questioned  whether  the  claimants  ought  not  to 
have  been  held  to  prove  the  life  of  the  articles  lost  at  the  time 


536  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

of  the  stipulation  for  restitution,  as  well  as  the  loss ;  but  that 
seems  to  require  proof  that  could  not  be  obtained.  It  was 
objected  that  the  testimony  as  to  the  value  of  articles  lost  had 
been  received  by  one  loser  in  favor  of  another.  On  the  whole, 
the  general  impression  was  that  Preston's  award  should  be  taken 
as  it  was  made ;  and,  as  it  had  been  so  liberal  to  the  claimants 
in  regard  to  the  evidence  of  loss  and  value,  to  reject  the  claim 
of  interest  as  unusual  and  dangerous  for  a  precedent. 

But  Mr.  Calhoun  desired  the  decision  might  be  deferred  to 
another  day,  when  Mr.  Wirt,  and  especially  Mr.  Crawford, 
might  be  present,  and  it  was  fixed  for  to-morrow,  being  Mr. 
Crawford's  well  day. 

There  was  some  conversation  upon  three  resolutions  of  the 
House  of  Representatives  passed  on  the  last  day  of  the  session, 
at  the  motion  of  F.  Johnson,  of  Kentucky  :  two  of  them  relating 
to  the  office  hours  and  Clerks  in  the  Departments ;  and  the 
third  calling  for  a  report  of  a  Navy  Peace  Establishment.  The 
first  resolution  was,  that  the  practice  of  keeping  office  hours 
only  from  nine  till  three  o'clock  at  the  Departments  was  not 
giving  due  attendance  for  the  salaries  allowed,  and  ought  to  be 
abolished.  There  was  some  discussion  whether  it  would  be 
practicable  or  reasonable  to  require  attendance  earlier  or  later, 
or  both  ;  whether  attendance  twice  a  day  should  be  required, 
with  an  interval  for  dining,  or  a  greater  number  of  hours  in 
one  continued  attendance.  There  are  difficulties  and  incon 
veniences  in  both.  I  observed  that  the  first  resolution  had  no 
application  in  fact  to  the  Department  of  State,  where  the  at 
tendance  the  whole  year  round  is  from  nine  in  the  morning 
till  five  or  six  in  the  evening.  Mr.  Calhoun  said  that  his 
attendance  was  till  four  in  the  afternoon.  The  propriety  of  the 
resolution  itself  was  questioned,  and  the  President  thought  it 
an  officious  intermeddling  on  the  part  of  one  branch  of  the 
Legislature  with  the  Executive  Administration.  I  thought  it 
was  legislation  by  one  branch,  and  that  if  a  different  system  of 
attendance  was  to  be  prescribed,  it  should  be  done  by  law.  But 
the  main  motive  to  the  resolution  was  the  earnestness  of  F. 
Johnson  to  obtain  a  re-election. 

There  is  a  report  to  be  made  to  the  House  on  the  second 


1 822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT   OF  STATE. 

day  of  the  next  session  by  the  heads  of  Departments  and  the 
Postmaster-General,  upon  which  Mr.  Calhoun  observed  that  it 
should  be  made  with  a  joint  understanding.  I  think  of  intro 
ducing  some  new  regulations  with  regard  to  attendance  into 
the  Department  of  State,  for  which  this  resolution,  and  another 
of  similar  character  adopted  on  the  motion  of  Mr.  Patterson, 
of  New  York,  will  afford  the  occasion. 

Called  at  Colonel  Bomford's,  and  saw  Mr.  Baldwin,  of  Penn 
sylvania,  who  has  been  detained  here  by  illness  since  the  close 
of  the  session  of  Congress.  He  is  recovering,  and  hopes  to  be 
able  to  travel  in  a  few  days.  He  began  immediately  to  speak 
of  Russell's  letters,  and  my  remarks  which  were  published  in 
the  National  Intelligencer  of  yesterday.  He  said  that  which 
had  struck  him  as  the  most  remarkable  circumstance  of  the 
whole  transaction  was  the  falsification  by  Russell  of  his  own 
letter,  and  the  shameless  impudence  of  delivering  at  the  De 
partment  of  State  the  pretended  duplicate  as  being  the  letter 
he  had  written  at  Paris.  He  said  that  if  he  had  done  the  same 
thing  with  a  promissory  note  it  would  have  introduced  him  to 
the  penitentiary.  And  what  was  the  difference  between  the  two 
cases  ?  A  positive  law  inflicting  the  penalty ;  but  the  moral 
turpitude  was  the  same  in  both. 

25th.  Adjourned  Cabinet  meeting  upon  the  Georgia  claims 
of  indemnity  for  Creek  Indian  depredations.  Mr.  Wirt  was 
yet  absent  at  Alexandria,  and  Mr.  Crawford,  by  indisposition, 
confined  to  his  house.  The  President  sent  for  him,  but  he  sent 
word  that  he  was  unable  to  come  out.  These  claims  which  the 
United  States  in  their  last  treaty  with  the  Creek  Indians  have 
undertaken  to  pay  are  some  of  them  as  old  as  the  year  1775  ; 
and  nearly  half  of  the  amount  admitted  by  the  Commissioner 
is  for  losses  before  1783,  They  are  all  for  negroes,  horses,  and 
cattle  stolen  by  the  Creeks,  or  absconded  or  strayed  away  from 
the  owners  into  their  country.  I  examined  more  particularly 
the  papers  this  day.  The  allowance  for  the  negroes  was  at 
an  average  of  nearly  three  hundred  dollars  a  head ;  that  for 
horses,  about  ninety ;  both  considered  as  far  above  the  current 
value  of  negroes  and  horses  at  the  times  and  places  when  and 
where  they  were  lost.  On  the  advice  of  Mr.  Calhoun  and  Mr. 


538  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

Thompson  this  day,  it  was  determined  to  allow  all  the  claims 
admitted  by  the  Commissioner,  even  those  only  recommended 
by  him  as  fair,  though  not  proved ;  but  to  decline  allowing  in 
terest  on  the  claims,  for  various  reasons.  One,  that  interest  is 
not  usually  allowed  on  claims  against  the  public.  Another, 
that  the  allowance  of  the  claims  themselves  is  upon  principles 
of  great  liberality  to  the  claimants  with  regard  to  the  evidence 
both  of  their  losses  and  the  amount  of  them.  A  third,  that 
the  engagements  of  the  treaties  were  all  only  for  specific  resti 
tution  of  the  articles  lost,  and  not  for  damages  or  interest  upon 
their  value ;  and  the  United  States,  having  undertaken  only  to 
do  what  the  Indians  had  in  the  treaties  promised  to  do,  are 
bound  only  to  indemnify  for  the  failure  of  specific  restitution, 
and  not  for  consequential  damages  or  interest.  A  fourth,  that 
the  engagement  of  the  United  States  in  their  treaty  is  to  pay 
the  amount  of  the  indemnities  found  by  the  Commissioners  to 
be  due,  in  five  annual  instalments  without  interest,  which  shows 
that  payment  of  interest  upon  the  claims  was  not  contemplated 
by  the  parties ;  and  if  not  after  their  amount  and  validity  have 
been  ascertained,  a  fortiori  interest  cannot  be  claimed  for  the 
prior  time. 

I  gave  no  opinion ;  but  this  subject  will  come  before  the 
Cabinet  again. 

The  President  asked  me  to  call  upon  him  to-morrow  im 
mediately  after  church,  to  speak  with  me  of  my  draft  of  an 
answer  to  the  proposals  of  the  French  Minister.  Mr.  J.  Rhea, 
of  Tennessee,  came  to  take  leave ;  going  this  afternoon.  He 
spoke  of  Russell's  letters  with  much  contempt,  but  what  had 
struck  him  most  was  his  writing  with  such  severe  censure  upon 
measures  in  which  he  had  concurred.  There  are  so  many 
varieties  of  baseness  in  the  whole  of  Russell's  conduct  on  this 
occasion,  that  men  of  any  feeling  of  honor  have  a  choice  of 
favorite  points  for  special  detestation. 

Calhoun  spoke  to  me  of  it  yesterday,  and  of  a  paragraph 
in  the  City  Gazette,  which  charges  him  with  having  secretly 
worked  to  bring  forth  Russell's  letter.  He  said  he  never  knew 
of  the  existence  of  Russell's  letter  till  after  Floyd's  call  for  the 
Ghent  papers. 


1822.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE. 

I  told  him  that  Elliott,  the  editor  of  the  City  Gazette,  wanted 
to  bluster  himself  into  consequence. 

He  said  it  was  not  Elliott.;  it  was  the  hand  behind  the  curtain 
—meaning  Crawford — who  did  it  all. 

26th.  After  church  I  went  to  the  President's.  He  told  me 
that  he  wished  me  to  see  the  French  Minister,  Hyde  de  Ncu- 
ville,  and  endeavor  to  arrange  this  Convention  with  him  ;  that 
the  difference  between  us  was  now  very  slight  ;  that  De  Neu- 
ville  was  very  anxious  to  come  to  an  agreement,  wishing  to 
leave  this  country  with  friendly  sentiments  and  retaining  a 
recollection  of  the  kindness  which  he  has  experienced  here. 
And,  he  said,  it  would  give  great  satisfaction  in  this  country 
that  an  arrangement  with  France  should  be  made,  and  would 
perhaps  lead  to  a  satisfactory  arrangement  of  the  trade  with 
the  British  West  Indies. 

In  going  over  the  articles,  however,  the  President  rather 
indicated  the  difficulties  which  he  wished  to  be  gotten  over, 
than  the  manner  of  getting  over  them.  I  told  him  that  I  would 
see  the  French  Minister  to-morrow  and  endeavor  to  approach 
towards  a  conclusion  with  him.  I  mentioned  having  received 
yesterday  a  letter  from  General  S.  Smith,  stating  that  he  saw 
by  the  newspapers  that  our  vessels  were  subjected  to  heavier 
duties  in  the  republic  of  Colombia  than  those  of  other  nations. 
He  did  not  say  what  newspapers,  and  I  knew  not  to  what  he 
referred.  But  I  thought  it  would  be  proper  to  dispatch  Colonel 
Todd  as  soon  as  possible,  still  in  his  character  of  an  informal 
agent,  and  referring  it,  as  originally  intended,  to  them  whether 
an  interchange  of  Ministers  Plenipotentiary  shall  take  place,  or 
whether  it  shall  be  only  of  Charges  d'Affaires.  The  President 
agreed  to  dispatch  Todd  immediately,  but  said  he  had  no  doubt 
of  his  right  to  send  a  Minister  during  the  recess  of  the  Senate, 
and  he  gave  me  to  read  a  letter  from  Mr.  Madison  which  he 
had  lately  received,  in  which  he  gives  his  opinion  in  favor  of 
the  same  principle.  In  the  same  letter  Mr.  Madison  touches 
upon  the  state  of  Mr.  Monroe's  Cabinet  and  the  personal  fac 
tions  which  have  been  struggling  against  each  other  in  Congress 
at  their  late  session.  The  President  had  alluded  to  it  in  the 
letter  to  Mr.  Madison,  to  which  this  was  an  answer.  Mr.  Madi- 


540  MEMOIRS    OF  JO  PIN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [May, 

son  speaks  of  it  as  a  grave  and  alarming  symptom  in  our  public 
affairs.  The  President  said  nothing  of  this  part  of  Mr.  Madi 
son's  letter;  nor  did  I  to  him. 

27th.  The  Baron  Hyde  de  Neuville,  the  French  Minister, 
came,  according  to  appointment,  at  two  o'clock,  and  we  ex 
amined  my  projet  of  a  Convention  and  his  counter-projet. 
There  is  little  material  difference  between  us;  but  he  is  so 
tenacious  upon  trifles  and  adheres  so  stiffly  to  his  own  loose 
phraseology  that  it  is  difficult  to  come  to  terms  with  him. 
As  to  the  refunding  of  the  duties  levied  under  the  Act  of 
Congress  of  I5th  May,  1820,  and  the  ordinance  of  26th  July  of 
the  same  year,  he  said  his  principal  motive  for  asking  that  was 
because  it  would  serve  as  indemnity  to  the  Eugenie,  the  only 
one  of  the  vessels  which  had  been  taken  in  the  waters  of 
Florida,  and  which  had  paid  the  duties.  He  insisted  very 
earnestly  on  the  article  for  taking  up  and  restoring  deserting 
seamen,  and  urged  strongly  the  signature  of  a  whole  Consular 
Convention.  On  the  question  of  fixing  the  amount  of  tonnage 
by  specified  quantities  of  each  article,  he  was  not  less  stiff 
and  unaccommodating,  and  as  to  the  tonnage  duties  and  light 
money,  he  insists  upon  a  discriminating  duty  on  both  sides,  of 
five  francs.  To  the  articles  that  the  Convention  shall  last  two 
years,  and  longer,  unless  six  months'  notice  be  given  by  either 
party  of  its  cessation  to  the  other,  and  that  if  continued  beyond 
the  two  years  the  discriminating  duties  shall  be  diminished  by 
one-eighth  from  year  to  year,  we  agreed ;  also  to  the  proviso 
that  the  discriminating  duties  should  be  levied  only  upon  the 
excess  of  importations  over  the  value  of  exportations,  with  the 
exception  of  articles  imported  for  re-exportation.  But,  as  this 
is  to  be  subject  to  distinct  ratification  by  both  Governments,  I 
proposed  it  should  be  drawn  up  as  a  separate  article ;  to  which 
he  agreed.  I  finally  gave  him  my  observations  upon  his  last 
projet,  and  desired  him  to  send  me  a  draft  of  a  Convention 
in  form,  which  we  may  discuss  article  by  article;  which  he 
promised. 

Before  leaving  the  office,  however,  he  gave  me  a  copy  of  the 
correspondence  between  the  British  and  French  Governments 
on  the  case  of  a  French  slave  vessel  having  been  taken  by  a 


iS22.]  THE   DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE.  ^ 

British  cruiser,  for  which  Lord  Castlereagh  ordered  the  British 
Ambassador  at  Paris  to  make  an  apology  and  offer  of  reparation 
without  waiting  for  a  complaint.  He  said  he  did  not  mean  to 
hold  out  this  example  of  the  British  Government  as  a  rule  for 
us  to  follow,  but  wished  us  to  consider  whether  we  could  not 
give  something  like  it  for  the  captures  of  the  five  French  ves 
sels  by  Lieutenant  Stockton  and  the  case  of  the  Apollon.  He 
had  shown  me  this  correspondence  some  weeks  since. 

28th.  Mr.  Anderson,  Comptroller  of  the  Treasury,  spoke 
much  to  me  of  Russell's  letter  and  my  remarks  upon  it, 
which  he  thought  acrimonious.  But,  he  said,  he  thought  very 
indifferently  of  Russell's  character,  and  even  of  his  talents. 
He  also  told  me  that  Russell's  hostility  to  me  was  of  long 
standing,  and  had  long  been  well  known  to  him,  particularly 
in  the  winter  of  1816  and  1817. 

3Oth.  I  took  to  the  President  the  projet  of  a  Convention  sent 
me  yesterday  by  the  French  Minister,  and  told  him  that  there 
was  no  material  point  left  upon  which  we  could  object  to  con 
cluding  it.  But,  I  said,  it  was  a  Convention  which  would  not 
satisfy  the  people  of  this  country,  and  it  was  my  deliberate 
opinion  that  it  would  have  been  a  wiser  and  more  successful 
policy  to  have  adhered  inflexibly  to  the  principle  of  entire 
reciprocity,  and  to  have  admitted  no  discriminating  duties  on 
either  side. 

He  said  that  was  his  own  opinion;  but  that  the  nation  was 
uneasy  under  the  interruption  of  our  direct  intercourse  with 
France,  and  until  the  late  session  of  Congress  we  could  not 
calculate  upon  the  firmness,  and  especially  upon  the  unanimity, 
with  which  the  ground  taken  by  this  Government  would  be 
supported. 

I  said  that  would  be  precisely  the  main  ground  of  complaint 
against  the  Convention  ;  for  the  Executive  will  be  charged  with 
agreeing  to  this  heavy  discrimination  after  knowing  that  Con 
gress  approved  of  the  opposite  course.  However,  we  were 
already  so  far  committed  in  the  points  to  which  we  had  acceded 
that  I  saw  no  justifiable  reason  for  breaking  off  the  negotiation. 
The  stipulation  that  after  two  years,  if  the  Convention  con 
tinues,  the  discriminating  duties  shall  be  diminished  by  one- 


542  MEMOIRS   OF  JOHN  QUINCY  ADAMS.  [1822. 

eighth  from  year  to  year,  and  that  they  shall  be  levied  only  on 
the  excess  of  importations  over  the  value  of  exportations,  may 
perhaps  partly  reconcile  our  people  to  the  Convention,  but  at 
all  events  it  was  now  too  late  for  us  to  retreat.  I  left  the  trans 
lation  of  the  projet  with  the  President  for  his  consideration. 

Mr.  Calhoun  came  in  while  I  was  there.  He  said  Colonel 
McRae,  who  was  at  Wheeling,  wished  to  be  informed  whether 
he  should  be  employed  as  Commissioner  to  run  the  line  under 
the  Florida  Treaty.  I  mentioned  the  letter  I  had  yesterday 
written  to  the  Spanish  Minister,  to  rectify  the  mistake  I  had 
made,  under  the  belief  that  no  appropriation  had  been  made 
for  the  expense  of  running  that  line.  We  are  to  wait  for  Mr. 
Anduaga's  answer  before  replying  to  Colonel  McRae.  Mr. 
Calhoun  consulted  the  President  also  upon  what  was  now  to 
be  done  concerning  the  Dauphin  Island  fortifications.  Con 
gress  have  refused  appropriations  for  continuing  them,  and 
large  advances  have  been  made  to  the  contractors  which  must 
now  be  recovered  back  from  them.  Calhoun's  project  seemed 
to  be  to  bring  suits  at  law  upon  the  bonds  and  mortgages  of 
the  contractors,  who  might  plead  the  breach  of  contract  on  the 
part  of  the  Government  by  the  withholding  of  appropriations, 
and  recover  judgment  against  the  Government.  The  President 
asked  my  opinion,  and  I  said  that,  according  to  my  first  im 
pressions,  the  proper  course  was  to  bring  an  action  for  moneys 
had  and  received  against  the  contractors  for  the  advances,  and 
if  the  contract  had  been  broken  on  the  part  of  the  United 
States  by  the  refusal  to  appropriate,  the  only  remedy  that  I 
knew  for  the  contractors  was  by  petition  to  Congress.  Cal 
houn  afterwards  observed  that  the  contractors  themselves  had 
failed  to  complete  their  work  within  the  time,  though  the  Gov 
ernment  had  not  intended  to  take  any  advantage  of  that.  It 
changed,  however,  the  aspect  of  the  question.  The  President 
concluded  to  take  the  opinion  upon  it  of  the  Attorney-General. 
Calhoun's  object  is  to  escape  the  investigation  of  the  contract 
by  Congress. 

END    OF    VOL.   V. 


HOME  USE 


RETURN 


CIRCULATION  DEPARTMENT 

198  Main  Stacks 


LOAN  PERIOD  1 
HOME  USE 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

ALL  BOOKS  MAY  BE  RECALLED  AFTER  7  DAYS. 

Renewls  and  Recharges  may  be  made  4  days  prior  to  the  due  date. 

Books  may  be  Renewed  by  calling  642-3405. 

DUE  AS  STAMPED  BELOW 

OCT  2  3  2004 


FORM  NO.  DD6 


UNIVERSITY  OF  CALIFORNIA,  BERKELEY 
BERKELEY  CA  94720-6000 


GENERAL  LIBRARY- U.C.  BERKELEY 


THE  UNIVERSITY  OF  CALIFORNIA  LIBRARY 


