title: Palmyra (part 1 of 3)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 143
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

The noblest works of human pow'r
In vain resist the fate-fraught hour;
The marble hall, the rock-built tow'r,
Alike submit to destiny:
OBLIVION'S awful storms resound;
The massy columns fall around;
The fabric totters to the ground,
And darkness veils its memory!
'Mid SYRIA'S barren world of sand,
Where THEDMOR'S marble wastes expand,""
Where DESOLATION, on the blasted plain,
Has fix'd his adamantine throne,
I mark, in silence and alone,
His melancholy reign.
These silent wrecks, more eloquent than speech,
Full many a tale of awful note impart;
Truths more sublime than bard or sage can teach
This pomp of ruin presses on the heart.
Whence rose that dim, mysterious sound,
That breath' d in hollow murmurs round!
As sweeps the gale
Along the vale,
Where many a mould'ring tomb is spread,
Awe-struck, I hear,
In fancy's ear.
The voices of th' illustrious dead:
As slow they pass along, they seem to sigh,
"Man, and the works of man, are only born to die!"
As scatter'd round, a dreary space,
Ye spirits of the wise and just!
In reverential thought I trace
The mansions of your sacred dust,
"Or, at the purple dawn of day,
Tadmor's marble wastes survey. — GRAINGER.
Of several ancient ways of writing this name, the Seci/wop of the Alex-
andrian copy comes nearest to the pronunciation of the present
Arabs. — WOOD.
I have adopted this pronunciation as a more poetical one than
Tedmor or Tadmor.

Enthusiast FANCY, rob'd in light,
Pours on the air her many-spa.rkling rays,
Redeeming from OBLIVION'S deep'ning night
The deeds of ancient days.
The mighty forms of chiefs of old,
To VIRTUE dear, and PATRIOT TRUTH sublime/
In feeble splendour I behold,
Discover'd dimly through the mists of TIME,
As through the vapours of the mountain-stream
With pale reflection glows the sun's declining beam.

Still as twilight's mantle hoary
Spreads progressive on the sky,
See, in visionary glory,
Darkly-thron'd, they sit on high.
But whose the forms, oh FAME, declare,
That crowd majestic on the air1?
Bright Goddess! come, on rapid wings,
To tell the mighty deeds of kings.
Where art thou, FAME?
Each honour'd name
From thy eternal roll unfold:
Awake the lyre,
In songs of fire,
To chiefs renowned in days of old.
I call in vain!
The welcome strain
Of praise to them no more shall sound:
Th,eir actions bright
Must sleep in night,
Till TIME shall cease his mystic round.
The dazzling glories of their day
The stream of years has swept away;
Their names that struck the foe with fear, J
Shall ring no more on mortal ear I

Yet faithful MEMORY'S raptur'd eye
Can still the godlike form descry,* received a present not unworthy of the greatest kings; a long train

Of him, who, on EUPHRATES' shore,
From SAPOR'S brow his blood-stain'd laurels tore,
And bade the EOMAN banner stream unfurl'd;
When the stern GENIUS of the startling waves
Beheld on PERSIA'S host of slaves
Tumultuous ruin hurl'd!
Meek SCIENCE too, and TASTE refin'd,
The grave with deathless flow'rs have dress'd,
Of him whose virtue-kindling mind*
Their ev'ry charm supremely bless'd;
Who trac'd the mazy warblings of the lyre
With all a critic's art, and all a poet's fire.

What countless charms around her rise!*
What dazzling splendour sparkles in her eyes!
On her radiant brow enshrin'd,
MINERVA'S beauty blends with JUNO'S grace;
The matchless virtues of her godlike mind
Are stamp' d conspicuous on her angel-face.

Along the wild and wasted plain
His vet'ran bands the EOMAN monarch led,
And roll'd his burning wheels o'er heaps of slain:
The prowling chacal heard afar
The devastating yell of war,
And rush'd, with gloomy howl, to banquet on the dead I

For succour to PALMYRA'S walls
Her trembling subjects fled, confounded,
But wide amid her regal halls
The whirling fires resounded.
Onward the hostile legions pour'd:
Nor beauteous youth, nor helpless age,'"
Nor female charms, by savage breasts ador'd,
" Could check the EOMAN'S barb'rous rage,
Or blunt the murd'rous sword.
Loud, long, and fierce, the voice of slaughter roar'd
The night- shades fell, the work of death was o'er,
PALMYRA'S sun had set, to rise no more!

What mystic form, uncouth and dread,
With wither'd cheek, and hoary head,
Swift as the death-fire cleaves the sky,
Swept on sounding pinions by?
'Twas TIME: I know the FOE OF KINGS,
His scythe, and sand, and eagle wings:
He cast a burning look around,
And wav'd his bony hand, and frown'd.
Far from the spectre's scowl of fire
FANCY'S feeble forms retire,
Her air-born phantoms melt away,
Like stars before the rising day.

Yes, all are flown!
I stand alone,
At ev'ning's calm and pensive hour,
'Mid wasting domes,
And mould'ring tombs,
The wrecks of vanity and pow'r.
One shadowy tint enwraps the plain;
No form is near, no sounds intrude,
To break the melancholy reign
Of silence and of solitude.
How oft, in scenes like these, since TIME began,
With downcast eye has CONTEMPLATION trod,
Far from the haunts of FOLLY, VICE, and MAX,
To hold sublime communion with her GOD!
How oft, in scenes like these, the pensive sage
Has mourn'd the hand of FATE, severely just,
WAR'S wasteful course, and DEATH'S unsparing rage,
And dark OBLIVION, frowning in the dust!
Has mark'd the tombs, that kings o'erthrown declare,
•Just wept their fall, and sunk to join them there!
