title: Palmyra (part 2 of 3)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 143
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

In yon proud fane, majestic in decay,*
How oft of old the swelling hymn arose,
In loud thanksgiving to the LORD OF DAY,
Or pray'r for vengeance on triumphant foes!
Architecture more especially lavished her ornaments, and rlis-

'Twas there, ere yet AURELIAN'S hand
Had kindled Ruin's sniould'ring brand,
As slowly mov'd the sacred choir
Around the altar's rising fire,
The priest, with wild and glowing eye,
Bade the flower-bound victim die;
And while he fed the incense-flame,
With many a holy mystery,
Prophetic inspiration came
To teach th' impending destiny,
And shook his venerable frame
With most portentous augury!
In notes of anguish, deep and slow,
He told the coming hour of woe;
The youths and maids, with terror pale,
In breathless torture heard the tale,
And silence hung
On ev'ry tongue,
While thus the voice prophetic rung:

" Whence was the hollow scream of fear,
Whose tones appall'd my shrinking ear?
Whence was the modulated cry,
That seem'd to swell, and hasten by?
What sudden blaze illum'd the night?
Ha! 'twas DESTRUCTION'S meteor-light!
Whence was the whirlwind's eddying breath?
Ha! 'twas the fiery blast of DEATH!

" See! the mighty GOD OF BATTLE
Spreads abroad his crimson train!
Discord's myriad voices rattle
O'er the terror-shaken plain.*

Banners stream, and helmets glare,
Show'ring arrows hiss in air;
Echoing through the darken'd skies,
Wildly-mingling murmurs rise,
The clash of splendour-beaming steel,
The buckler ringing hollowly,
The cymbal's silver-sounding peal,
The last deep groan of agony,
The hurrying feet
Of wild retreat,
The length'ning shout of victory!
" O'er our plains the vengeful stranger
Pours, with hostile hopes elate:
Who shall check the threatening danger!
Who escape the coming fate 1 *
Thou! that through the heav'ns afar,,
When the shades of night retire,
Proudly roll'st thy shining car,
Clad in sempiternal fire!
Thou! from whose benignant light
Fiends of darkness, strange and fell,
Urge their ebon-pinion'd flight
To the central caves of hell!
SUN ador'd! attend our call!
Must thy favour'd people fall!
Must we leave our smiling plains,
To groan beneath the stranger's chains?
Eise, supreme in heav'nly pow'r,
On our foes destruction show'r;
Bid thy fatal arrows fly,
Till their armies sink and die;
Through their adverse legions spread
Pale DISEASE, and with'ring DREAD,
Wild CONFUSION'S fev'rish glare,
HORROR, MADNESS, and DESPAIR!

" Woe to thy numbers fierce and rude,*
Thou madly-rushing multitude,

Loud as the tempest that o'er ocean raves!
Woe to the nations proud and strong,
That rush tumultuously along,
As rolls the foaming stream its long- resounding waves!
As the noise of mighty seas,
As the loudly-murmuring breeze,
Shall gath'ring nations rush, a, pow'rful band:
Eise, GOD OF LIGHT, in burning wrath severe,
And stretch, to blast their proud career,
Thy arrow-darting hand!
Then shall their ranks to certain fate be giv'n,
Then on their course DESPAIR her fires shall cast,
Then shall they fly, to endless ruin driv'n,
As flies the thistle-down before the mountain-blast!

" Alas! in vain, in vain we call!
The stranger triumphs in our fall!
And FATE comes on, with ruthless frown,
To strike PALMYRA'S splendour down.
Urg'd by the steady breath of TIME,
The desert-whirlwind sweeps sublime,
The eddying sands in mountain-columns rise:
Borne on the pinions of the gale,
In one concentred cloud they sail,
Along the darken'd skies.
It falls! it falls! on THEDMOR'S walls
The whelming weight of ruin falls!
Th' avenging thunder-bolt is hurl'd,
Her pride is blotted from the world,
Her name unknown in story:
The trav'ller on her scite shall stand,
And seek, amid the desert-sand,
The records of her glory!

Her palaces are crush'd, her tow'rs o'erthrown,
OBLIVION follows stern, and marks her for his own!"

How oft, the festal board around,
These time-worn walls among,
Has rung the full symphonious sound
Of rapture-breathing song!
Ah! little thought the wealthy proud,
When rosy pleasure laugh' d aloud,
That here, amid their ancient land,
The wand'rer of the distant days
Should mark, with sorrow-clouded gaze,.
The mighty wilderness of sand;
While not a sound should meet his ear,
Save of the desert-gales that sweep,
In modulated murmurs deep,
The wasted graves above,
Of those who once had revell'd here.
In happiness and love!

Short is the space to man assigned
This earthly vale to tread;
He wanders, erring, weak, and blind,
By adverse passions led.
LOVE, the balm of ev'ry woe,
The dearest blessing man can know;
JEALOUSY, whose pois'nous breath
Blasts affection's op'ning bud;
Stern DESPAIR, that laughs in death;
Black EEVENGE, that bathes in blood;
FEAR, that his form in darkness shrouds,
And trembles at the whisp'ring air;
And HOPE, that pictures on the clouds
Celestial visions, false, but fair;
All rule by turns:
To-day he burns
With ev'ry pang of keen distress;
To-morrow's sky
Bids sorrow fly
With dreams of promis'd happiness.
