title: Palmyra (part 3 of 3)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 92
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

From the earliest twilight-ray,
That mark'd CREATION'S natal day,
Till yesterday's declining fire,
Thus still have roll'd, perplex'd by strife,
The many-clashing wheels of life,
And still shall roll, till TIME'S last beams expire.
And thus, in ev'ry age, in ev'ry clime,
While circling years shall fly,
The varying deeds that mark the present time
Will be but shadows of the days gone by.

Along the desolated shore,
Where, broad and swift, EUPHRATES flows,
The traveler's anxious eye can trace no more
The spot where once the QUEEN OP CITIES* rose.
Where old PERSEPOLIS sublimely tow'r'd,
In cedar-groves embow'r'd,
A rudely-splendid wreck alone remains.
The course of FATE no pomp or pow'r can shun.
Pollution tramples on thy giant-fanes,
Oh CITY OF THE SUN!f
FalTn are the TYRIAN domes of wealth and joy,
The hundred gates of THEBES, the tow'rs of TROY;
In shame and sorrow pre-ordain'd to cease,
Proud SALEM met th' irrevocable doom;
In darkness sunk the arts and arms of GREECE,
And the long glories of imperial EOME.

When the tyrant's iron hand
The mountain-piles of MEMPHIS rais'd,
That still the storms of angry TIME defy,
In self-adoring thought he gaz'd,
And bade the massive labours stand,
Till NATURE'S self should die!
Presumptuous fool! the death-wind came,
And swept away thy worthless name;
t Balbec, the HELIOPOLIS of the Greeks and Romans.

And ages, with insidious flow,
Shall lay those blood-bought fabrics low.
Then shall the stranger pause, and oft be told,
" Here stood the mighty PYRAMIDS of old!"
And smile, half-doubtful, when the tale he hears,
That speaks the wonders of the distant years.

Though NIGHT awhile usurp the skies,
Yet soon the smiling MORN shall rise,
And light and life restore;
Again the sunbeams gild the plain;*
The youthful day returns again,
But man returns no more.

Though WINTER'S frown severe
Deform the wasted year,
SPRING smiles again, with renovated bloom;
But what sweet SPRING, with genial breath,
Shall chase the icy sleep of death,
The dark and cheerless winter of the tomb?
Hark! from the mansions of the dead,
What thrilling sounds of deepest import spread!
Sublimely mingled with the eddying gale,
Pull on the desert-air these solemn accents sail:

" Unthinking man! and dost thou weep,
That clouds o'ercast thy little day 3
That DEATH'S stern hands so quickly sweep
Thy ev'ry earthly hope away!
Thy rapid hours in darkness flow,
But well those rapid hours employ,
And they shall lead from realms of woe
To realms of everlasting joy.
For though thy FATHER and thy GOD
Wave o'er thy head His chast'ning rod,
Benignantly severe,
Yet future blessings shall repair,
In tenfold measure, ev'ry care,
That marks thy progress here;
xxv.
" Bow THEN TO HIM, for HE is GOOD,
And loves the works His hands have made;.
In earth, in air, in fire, in flood,
His parent-bounty shines display'd.
Bow THEN TO HIM, for HE is JUST,
Though mortals scan His ways in vain;
Repine not, children of the dust!
For HE in mercy sends ye pain.
Bow THEN TO HIM, for HE is GREAT,
And was, ere NATURE, TIME, and FATE,
Began their mystic flight;
And still shall be, when consummating flame
Shall plunge this universal frame
In everlasting night.

Bow THEN TO HIM, the LORD of ALL,
Whose nod bids empires rise and fall,
EARTH, HEAV'N, and NATURE'S SIRE;
To HIM, Who, matchless and alone,
Has fix'd in boundless space His throne,
TJnchang'd, unchanging still, while worlds and suns expire!
