title: The Visions of Love (part 1 of 2)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 98
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

TO chase the clouds of life's tempestuous hours,
To strew its short but weary way with flow'rs,
New hopes to raise, new feelings to impart,
And pour celestial balsam on the heart;
For this to man was lovely woman giv'n,
The last, best work, the noblest gift of HEAV'N.
At EDEN'S gate, as ancient legends say,
The flaming sword for ever bars the way;
Not ours to taste the joys our parents shar'd,
But pitying NATURE half our loss repair'd,
Our wounds to heal, our murmurs to remove,
She left mankind the PARADISE of LOVE.
All-conqu'ring LOVE! thy pow'rful reign surrounds
Man's wildest haunts, and earth's remotest bounds:
Alike for thee th' untainted bosom glows
'Mid eastern sands and hyperborean snows:
Thy darts unerring fly with strong control,
Tame the most stern, and nerve the softest soul,
Check the swift savage of the sultry zone,
And bend the monarch on his glitt'ring throne.
When wakeful MEMORY bids the mind explore
The half-hid deeds of years that are no more,
How few the scenes her hand can picture there
Of heart-felt bliss untroubled by a care!
Yet many a charm can pow'rful FANCY raise,
To point the smiling path of future days;
There too will HOPE her genial influence blend,
Faithless, but kind; a flatt'rer, but a friend.
But most to cheer the lover's lonely hours,
Creative FANCY wakes her magic pow'rs;
Most strongly pours, by ardent love refin'd,
Her brightest visions on the youthful mind.
Hence, when at eve with lonely steps I rove
The now'r-enamell'd plain or dusky grove,
Or press the bank with grassy tufts o'erspread,
Where the brook murmurs o'er its pebbly bed;
Then steals thy form, EOSALIA, on my sight,
In artless charms pre-eminently bright:
By HOPE inspir'd, my raptur'd thoughts engage
To trace the lines of FATE'S mysterious page
At once in air, the past, the present, fade;
In fairy-tints the future stands display'd;
No clouds arise, no shadows intervene,
To veil or dim the visionary scene.
Within the sacred altar's mystic shade,
I see thee stand, in spotless white array'd;
I hear thee there thy home, thy name resign,
I hear the awful vow that seals thee mine.
Not on my birth propitious FORTUNE smil'd,
Nor proud AMBITION mark'd me for her child;
For me no dome with festal splendour shines;
No pamper d lacquies spread their length'ning lines
No venal crowds my nod obsequious wait;
No summer-friends besiege my narrow gate;
Joys such as these, if joys indeed they be,
Indulgent NATURE ne'er design'd for me:
I ask them not: she play'd a kinder part:
She gave a nobler gift, ROSALIA'S heart.
The simple dwelling by affection rear'd;
The smiling plains, by calm content endear'd;

The classic book-case, deck'd with learning's store,
Eich in historic truth, and bardic lore;
The garden-walks, in NATURE'S liVry dress'd;
Will these suffice to make ROSALIA bless'd!
And will she never feel a wish to roam
Beyond the limits of our rural home!
How sweet, when SPRING has crown' d, by genial1 show'rs,
The woods with verdure, and the fields with flow'rs,
When fleeting SUMMER holds his burning reign, t
Or fruitful AUTUMN nods with golden grain,
With thee, dear girl, each well-known path to tread,
Where blooming shrubs their richest odours shed,
With thee to mark the seasons' bright career,
The varied blessings of the rip'ning year.
When frost-crown'd WINTER binds the earth in chains,.
And pours his snow-storms on the whit'ning plains,
Then shall the pow'r of constant LOVE be found,
To chase the deep'ning gloom that low'rs around.
Beside the cheerful fire's familiar blaze,
Shall MEMORY trace the deeds of long-past days;
Of those propitious hours when first I strove
To win thy gentle ear with tales of love,
When, while thy angel-blushes half-conceal'd i
The kind consent thy bashful smiles reveal'd,
From those bright eyes a soft expression stole,
That spoke the silent language of the soul.
Or haply then the poet's song may cheer
The dark death-season of th' accomplished year:
Together then we'll roam the sacred plain,
Where the bright NINE in ceaseless glory reign;
By HOMER led, through TROJAN battles sweep;
With VIRGIL cleave the tempest-beaten deep;
Trace the bold flights of SHAKESPEARE'S muse of fire;.
Strike the wild chords of GRAY'S enraptur'd lyre;
From MILTON learn with holy zeal to glow;
Or weep with OSSIAN o'er a tale of woe.
NOT less shall Music charm: her pow'r sublime
Shall oft beguile the ling'ring steps of TIME:
