title: Kick and Pooe;
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: anapestic mixed
lines: 46
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

This is a correct copy of a little poem which has been often
printed, and not quite accurately. It first appeared, many years ago,
in the " Globe" raid " Traveller," and was suggested by a speech in
which Mr. Wilber force, replying to an observation of Dr. Lushington,
that "the Society for the Suppresion of Vice meddled with the
poor alone," said that "the offences of the poor came more under
observation than those of the rich;" — T. L. P.
THE poor man's sins are glaring;
In the face of ghostly warning
He is caught in the fact
Of an overt act- —
Buying greens on Sunday morning.
The rich man's sins are hidden
In the pomp of wealth and station;
And escape the sight
Of the children of light,
Who are wise in their generation.
The rich man has a kitchen,
And cooks to dress his dinner;
The poor who would roast
To the baker's must post,
And thus becomes a sinner.
The rich man has a cellar,
And a ready butler by him;
The poor must steer ¥or his pint of beer
Where the saint can't choose but spy him.
The rich man's painted windows
Hide the concerts of the quality •
The poor can but share
A crack'd fiddle in the air,
Which offends all sound morality.

The rich man is invisible
In the crowd of his gay society;
But the poor man's delight
Is a sore in the sight,
And a stench in the nose of piety.
The rich man has a carriage
Where no rude eye can flout him;
The poor man's bane
Is a third class train,
With the day-light all about him.
The rich man goes out yachting.
Where sanctity can't pursue him;
The poor goes afloat
In a fourpenny boat,
Where the bishop groans to view him.
