title: Fiolfab, King of Nokway.* (part 1 of 2)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 132
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

TN the dark-rolling waves at the verge of the west
The steeds of BELLINGER^ had hasten'd to rest,
While HRIMFAXJ advanc'd through the star-spangled plain,
And shook the thick dews from his grey-flowing mane;
The moon with pale lustre was shining on high,
And meteors shot red down the paths of the sky.
By the shore of the ocean FIOLFAR reclin'd,
Where through the rock-fissures loud-murmur'd the wind,
For sweet to his ear was the deep-dashing flow
Of the foam-cover'd billows that thunder'd below.
— " Alas!" he exclaim'd, " were the hopes of my youth,
Though rais'd by affection, unfounded on truth?
Ye are flown, ye sweet prospects, deceitfully fair,
As the light-rolling gossamer melts into air;
As the wild-beating ocean, with turbulent roar,
Effaces my steps on the sands of the shore!
Thy waters, oh NIORD!§ tumultuously roll,
And such are the passions that war in my soul:
Thy meteors, oh NORVER!|| malignantly dart,
And such are the death-flames that burn in my heart.
NITALPHA! my love! on the hill and the plain,
In the vale and the wood, have I sought thee in vain;
Through the nations for thee have I carried afar
The sunshine of peace and the tempests of war;
Hall of Valhalla, be familiar to the readers of English poetry, yet,
as the minutiae of the Gothic Mythology are not very generally
known, I have subjoined a few short explanatory notes, which,
though they cannot be expected to afford much insight into the
general system, will, I trust, be sufficient to enable my readers to
comprehend such parts of it as are alluded to in this poem.
t Day.
£ The steed of the evening twilight.
II Night.

Through danger and toil I my heroes have led,
Till hope's latest spark in my bosom was dead!
Cold, silent, and dark are the halls of thy sires,
And hush'd are the harps, and extinguish'd the fires;
The wild autumn-blast in the lofty hall roars,
And the yellow leaves roll through the half-open doors.
NITALPHA! when rapture invited thy stay,
Did force or inconstancy bear thee away!
Ah, no! though in vain I thy footsteps pursue,
I will not, I cannot, believe thee untrue:
Perchance thou art doom'd in confinement to moan,
To dwell in the rock's dreary caverns alone,
And LOK'S* cruel mandates, while fast thy tears flow,
Forbid thy FIOLFAR to solace thy woe,
Condemn thee unvarying anguish to bear,
And leave me a prey to the pangs of despair." —
Ha! whence were those accents portentous and dread,
Like the mystical tones of the ghosts of the dead,
In echoes redoubling that rung through the gloom,
As the thunder resounds in the vaults of the tomb?
— " FIOLFAR!" — He started, and wond'ring descried
A sable-clad form standing tall by his side:
His soul-piercing eyes as the eagle's were bright,
And his raven-hair flow'd on the breezes of night.
— " FIOLFAR!" he cried, " thy affliction forsake:
To hope and revenge let thy bosom awake;
For he, that NITALPHA from liberty tore,
Is LOCHLIN'S proud monarch, the bold YRRODORB.
Still constant to thee, she the traitor abhorr'd;
Haste! haste! let thy valour her virtue reward:
For her let the battle empurple the plain:
In the moment of conquest I meet thee again." —
He ceas'd, and FIOLFAR beheld him no more;
Nor long paus'd the youth on the dark-frowning shore:
— " Whate'er be thy nature, oh stranger!" he said,
Thou hast call'd down the tempest on YRRODORB'S head:
The broad-beaming buckler and keen-biting glaive
Shall ring and resound on the fields of the brave,
all the attributes of a demon. He was the enemy of Gods and Men,
and the author of crimes and calamities.
And vengeance shall burst, in a death-rolling flood,
And deluge thy altars, VALFANDER,* with blood!"

To LODA'S dark CIRCLE and mystical STONED
With the grey-gather'd moss of long ages o'ergrown,
While the black car of NORVER was central in air,
Did the harp-bearing bards of FIOLFAR repair;
The wild-breathing chords, as they solemnly sung,
In deep modulations responsively rung;
To the hall of VALHALLA, J where monarchs repose,
The full-swelling war-song symphoniously rose:
— " The mountains of LOCHLIN shall ring with alarms,
For the heroes of NORWAY are rising in arms •
The heroes of NORWAY destruction shall pour
On the wide-spreading plains of the bold YRRODORE.
VALFANDER! look down from thy throne in the skies!
Our suppliant songs from thy altar arise:
Be thou too propitious, invincible THOR!§
And lend thy strong aid to our banners of war.
As the white-beating stream from' the rock rushes down,.
FIOLFAR'S young warriors will speed to renown.
Ye spirits of chieftains, tremendous in fight!
That dwell with VALFANDER in halls of delight;
Awhile from your cloud-circled mansions descend;
On the steps of your sons through the battle attend,
When the raven shall hover on dark-flapping wing,
And the eagle shall feed on the foes of our king!" —
As full to the wind rose the soul-thrilling tones,
Strange murmurs rung wild from the moss-cover'd stones;
The ghosts of the mighty, rejoicing, came forth,
And roll'd their thin forms on the blasts of the north;
On light-flying meteors triumphantly driv'n,
They scatter'd their signs from the centre of heav'n
"A name of Odin, the chief of the gods.
1* The circle of Loda, or Loden, was a rude circle of stones, used
as a place of worship amongst the Scandinavians.
J The hall of Odin, where the spirits of heroes who died in battle
drank mead and beer from the skulls of their enemies.

The skies were all glowing, portentously bright,
With strong coruscations of vibrating light:*
In shadowy forms, on the long- streaming glare,
The insignia of battle shot swift through the air;
In lines and in circles successively whirl'd,
Fantastical arrows and jav'lins were hurl'd,t
That, flashing and falling in mimic affray,
In the distant horizon died darkly away,
Where a blood-dropping banner seem'd slowly to sail,
And expand its red folds to the death-breathing gale.
FIOLFAR look'd forth from his time-honour'd halls,
Where the trophies of battle emblazon'd the walls:
He heard the faint song as at distance it swell'd,
And the blazing of ether with triumph beheld;
He saw the white flames inexhaustibly stream,
And he knew that his fathers rode bright on the beam,
That the spirits of warriors of ages long past
Were flying sublime on the wings of the blast.
— " Ye heroes!" he cried, " that in danger arose,
The bulwark of friends and the terror of foes;
By ODIN with glory eternally crown'd;
By valour and virtue for ever renown'd;
