title: Eaeewell to Matilda
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 36
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

MATILDA, farewell! EATE has doom'd us to part,
But the prospect occasions no pang to my heart;
No longer is love with my reason at strife,
Though once thou wert dearer, far dearer than life.
As together we roam'd, I the passion confessed,
Which thy beauty and virtue had rais'd in my breast;
That the passion was mutual thou mad'st me believe,
And I thought my MATILDA could never deceive.
My MATILDA! no, false one! my claims I resign:
Thou canst not, thou must not, thou shalt not be mine:
I now scorn thee as much as I lov'd thee before,
JSTor sigh when I think I shall meet thee no more.
Though fair be thy form, thou no lovers wilt find,
While folly and falsehood inhabit thy mind,
Though coxcombs may natter, though idiots may prize,
Thou art shunn'd by the good, and contemn'd by the wise.

Than mine what affection more fervent could be,
"When I thought ev'ry virtue was centred in thee "?
Of the vows thou hast broken I will not complain,
For I mourn not the loss of a heart I disdain.
Oh! hadst thou but constant and amiable prov'd
As that fancied perfection I formerly lov'd,
NOT absence, nor time, though supreme their control,
Could have dinim'd the dear image then stamp'd on my soul.
How bright were the pictures, untinted with shade,
By HOPE'S glowing pencil on FANCY pourtray'd!
Sweet visions of bliss! which I could not retain;
For they like thyself, were deceitful and vain.
Some other, perhaps, to MATILDA is dear,
Some other, more pleasing, though not more sincere;
May he fix thy light passions, now wav'ring as air,
Then leave thee, inconstant, to shame and despair!
Eepent not, MATILDA, return not to me:
Unavailing thy grief, thy repentance will be:
In vain will thy vows or thy smiles be resum'd,
For LOVE, once extinguish' d, is never relum'd.
