title: The Genius of the Thames (part 1 of 2)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 85
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

Reflected in the present scene,
Eeturn the forms that once have been:
The present's varying tints display
The colours of the future day.
Ye bards, that, in these secret shades,
These tufted woods and sloping glades,
Awoke, to charm the sylvan maids,
Your soul-entrancing minstrelsy!
Say, do your spirits yet delight
To rove, beneath the starry night,
Along this water's margin bright,
Or mid the woodland scenery;
And strike, to notes of tender tire,
"With viewless hands the shadowy lyre,
Till all the wandering winds respire
A wildly-awful symphony 1 in.
Hark! from beneath the aged spray,
Where hangs my humbler lyre on high,
Soft music fills the woodlands gray,
And notes aerial warble by!
"What flying touch, with elfin spell,
Bids its responsive numbers swell!
Whence is the deep ^Eolian strain,
That on the wind its changes flings?
Returns some ancient bard again,
To wake to life the slumbering strings?
Or breathed the spirit of the scene
The lightly-trembling chords between,
Diffusing his benignant power
On twilight's consecrated hour!

Even now, methinks, in solemn guise,*
By yonder willowy islet gray,
In the first edition:
Were mine the art, with glowing hand
The flood of deathless song to pour,
That lyre should call the fairy band,
To press, oh Thames! thy willowy shore,
And weave for thee, with spells sublime,
The magic wreath of boldest rhyme,

I see thee, sedge-crowned Genius! rise,
And point the glories of thy way.
Tall reeds around thy temples play \ *
Thy hair the liquid crystal gems:
To thee I pour the votive lay,
Oh Genius of the silver Thames!

/a/fcXorfpet;' Kara cf.
And long shall Yarrow roll in fame,
Charm with the magic of a name,
And claim the tender tear.
Who has not wept, in pastoral lay,
To hear the maiden's song of woe,
Who mourned her lover snatched away,
And plunged the sounding surge below I
The maid who never ceased to weep,
And tell the winds her tale of sorrow,
Till on his breast she sunk to sleep,
Beneath the lonely waves of Yarrow.

The minstrel oft, at evening-fall,
Has leaned on Roxburgh's ruined wall,
Where, on the wreck of grandeur past,
The wild wood braves the sweeping blast:
And while, beneath the embowering shade,
Swelled, loud and deep, his notes of flame,
Has called the spirits of the glade,
To hear the voice of Teviot's fame.

While artless love and spotless truth,
Delight the waking dreams of youth;
While nature's beauties, softly- wild,
Are dear to nature's wandering child;
The lyre shall ring, where sparkling Tweed,
By red-stone cliff, and broom-flowered mead,
And ivied walls in fair decay,
Eesounds along his rock-strown way.
There oft the bard, at midnight still,
When rove his eerie steps alone,
Shall start to hear, from haunted hill,
The bugle blast at distance blown:
And oft his raptured eye shall trace,
Amid the visionary gloom,
The foaming courser's eager pace,
The mail-clad warrior's crimson plume,
The beacons, blazing broad and far,
The lawless marchmen ranging free,
And all the pride of feudal war,
And pomp of border chivalry.
