title: The Genius of the Thames (part 2 of 2)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 72
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

And Avon too has claimed the lay,
Whose listening wave forgot to stray,
By Shakespear's infant reed restrained:
And Severn, whose suspended swell
Felt the dread weight of Merlin's spell,
When the lone spirits of the dell
Of Arthur's fall complained.
And sweetly winds romantic Dee,
And Wye's fair banks all lovely smile:
Eut all, oh Thames! submit to thee,
The monarch-stream of Albion's isle.

From some ethereal throne on high,
Where clouds in nectar-dews dissolve,
The muse shall mark, with eagle-eye,
The world's diminished orb revolve.
At once her ardent glance shall roll,
From clime to clime, from pole to pole,
O'er waters, curled by zephyr's wing,
O'er shoreless seas, by whirlwinds tost;
O'er valleys of perennial spring,
And wastes 'of everlasting frost;
O'er deserts where the Siroc raves,*
And heaves the sand in fiery waves;
O'er c&verns of mysterious gloom;
O'er lakes, where peaceful islets bloom,
Like emerald spots, serenely-bright,
Amid a sapphire field of light;
O'er mountain-summits, thunder-riven,
That rear eternal snows to heaven;
O'er rocks, in wild confusion hurled,
And woods, coeval with the world.
Her eye shall thence the course explore
Of every river wandering wide,
In the first edition:
O'er deserts vast of trackless sand,
Where Famine leads her yelling band,
And.death-blasts rush, on wings of fire,
To bid the thirst-crazed wretch expire;
O'er caverns, &c.
From tardy Lena's frozen shore
To vast La Plata's sea-like tide.
Where Oby's barrier-billows freeze,
And Dwina's waves in snow-chains rest:
"Where the rough blast from Arctic seas
Congeals on Volga's ice-cold breast:*
Where Ehine impels his confluent springs
Tumultuous down the Rhsetian steep:t
Where Danube's world of waters brings
Its tribute to the Euxine deep:
Where Seine, beneath Lutetian towers,
Leads humbly his polluted stream,
Recalling still the blood-red hours
Of frantic freedom's transient dream:
Where crowns sweet Loire his fertile soil:
Where Rhone's impetuous eddies boil:
Where Garonne's pastoral waves advance,
Responsive to the song and dance,
When the full vintage calls from toil
The youths and maids of southern France:
Where horned Po's once-raging flood
Now moves with slackened force along,J
By hermit-isle and magic wood,
The theme of old chivalric song:
Where yellow Tiber's turbid tide
In mystic murmurings seems to breathe
Of ancient Rome's imperial pride,
That passed away, as blasts divide
November's vapoury wreath:
Where proud Tajo's golden river
Rolls through fruitful realms afar:
Where Romantic Guadalquiver,
Wakes the thought of Moorish war:
