title: Beaumont and Fletcher (part 1 of 5)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 82
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

Where Ganga's fertile course beside,
The Hindu, roves, alone to mourn,
And gaze on heaven's resplendent pride,
And watch for Veeshnu's tenth return,
When fraud shall cease, and tyrant power
Torment no more, to ruin hurled,
And peace and love their blessings shower,
O'er all the renovated world:
Where Mle's mysterious sources sleep:*
Where Niger sinks, in sands unknown:
Where Gambia hears, at midnight deep,
Afflicted ghosts for vengeance groan: J
Where Mississippi's giant stream
Through savage realms impetuous pours:
Where proud Potomac's cataracts gleam,
Or vast Saint Lawrence darkly roars:
Where Amazon her pomp unfolds
Beneath the equinoctial ray,
And through her drear savannahs holds
Her long immeasurable way:
Where'er in youthful strength they flow,
Or seek old ocean's wide embrace,
Nile: that of the western, which is the principal branch, has never
yet been visited by any European.
t The Niger has been generally supposed to terminate in a lake in
the desert, where its waters are evaporated by the heat of the sun.
Mr. Jackson, in his account of the empire of Morocco, adduces
authorities to show, that the Nile and the Niger are actually the
same river; a supposition which Major Kennel, in his geographical
illustrations of Mr. Park''s Travels in Africa, had previously demon-
strated to be altogether inadmissible. We may here, perhaps, apply
the words of an Italian poet:
Quel Sorridano e re dell' Esperia,
Ove Balcana flume si distende:
Ma chi lo crede, poco sen' intend e.
BERNI: Orlando Innamoralo.

J In the first edition:
When every wandering blast is breathing
A fearful tale, by woe inspired,
How, beneath the death-lash writhing
Afric's injured son's expired.
Where Mississippi's, &c.

Her eagle-glance the muse shall throw,
And all their pride and power retrace:
Yet, wheresoe'er, from copious urn,
Their bursting torrents flash and shine,
Her eye shall not a stream discern
To vie, oh sacred Thames! with thine.

Along thy course no pine-clad steep,
No alpine summits, proudly tower:
No woods, impenetrably deep,
O'er thy pure mirror darkly lower:
The orange-grove, the myrtle-bower,
The vine, in rich luxuriance spread;
The charms Italian meadows shower;
The sweets Arabian vallys shed;
The roaring cataract, wild and white;
The lotos-flower, of azure light;
The fields, where ceaseless summer smiles;
The bloom, that decks the./Egean isles:
The hills, that toiich the empyreal plain,
Olympian Jove's sublime domain;
To other streams all these resign:
Still none, oh Thames! shall vie with thine.,

For what avails the myrtle-bower,
Where beauty rests at noon-tide hour;
The orange grove, whose blooms exhale
Rich perfume on the ambient gale;
And all the charms in bright array,
Which happier climes than thine display?
Ah! what avails, that heaven has rolled
A silver stream o'er sands of gold,
And decked the plain, and reared the grove,.
Fit dwelling for primeval love;
If man defile the beauteous scene,
And stain with blood the smiling green;
If man's worst passions there arise,
To counteract the favoring skies;
If rapine there, and murder reign,
And human tigers prowl for gain,
And tyrants foul, and trembling slaves,
Pollute their shores, and curse their waves?
