title: Beaumont and Fletcher (part 3 of 5)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 123
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

The Eoman came: the blast of war
Re-echoed wide o'er hill and dell:
Beneath the storm, that blazed afar,
The noblest chiefs of Albion fell.
The Druids shunned its rage awhile *
In sylvan Mona's haunted isle,
Till on their groves of ancient oak
The hostile fires of ruin broke,
Gaunt superstition howling fled,
"With all her train of monsters dread:
The gods of terror, death and gloom,
Cowered to the mightier gods of Rome.
The Druids looked, with eyes of fear,
From Mona's woods of gloom severe:
They saw the foe advancing near,
The death -fires blazing high:
Till on their groves of ancient oak
The smouldering flames of ruin broke,
And rolled abroad the volumed smoke
Like storm-clouds on the sky.
When desolation's fiery blast
O'er Mona's sacred groves had past;
When circles rude of shapeless stone,
With lichens grey and moss o'ergrown
And ashes black, remained alone,
To point the mystic scene,
Where once the Druids poured the hy a.
In sacrificial vestments grim,
What time the morning-radiance dim
Shot through the branches green.
When to the dust, &c.
And circles rude of shapeless stone,
With lichens grey and moss o'ergrown,
Alone remained to point the scene,
Where erst Andraste's rites had been.
When to the dust their pride was driven;
When waste and bare their haunts appeared;
No more the oracles of heaven,
By gods beloved, by men revered,
No refuge left but death or flight,
They rushed, unbidden, to the tomb,
Or veiled their heads in caves of night,
And forests of congenial gloom.
xix.
There stalked, in murky darkness- wide,
Revenge, despair, and outraged pride:
Funereal songs, and ghastly cries,
Rose to their dire divinities.
i Oft, in their feverish dreams, again
Their groves and temples graced the plain;
And stern Andraste's fiery form. *
Called from its caves the slumbering storm,
And whelmed, with thunder-rolling hand,
The flying Roman's impious band.
It chanced, amid that forest's shade,
That frowned where now Augusta towers,
the present day, Andras is a popular name of the goddess Malen, or
the lady, whom the vulgar call Y Vail, that is, Fauna Fatua, and
Mam y Drwy, the Devil's dam, or Y Wrach, the old hag.... Some
regarded her as a flying spectre.... That name corresponded not
only with Hecate, Bellona, and Enyo, but also with Bona Dea, the
great mother of the gods, and the terrestrial Venus.... In the fables
of the populace, she is styled Y Vad Ddu Hyll, that is Bona Furva
Effera, and on the other hand, Y Vad Velen, that is, Helena, or Bona
Flava.... Agreeably to an ancient rite, the old Britons cruelly
oifered human sacrifices to this Andrasta: whence, as Dion relates,
our arnazon, Vondicea (Boadicea), invoked her with imprecations,
previous to her engagement with the Romans. The memory of this
goddess, or fury, remains to the present day; for men in a passion
growl at each other, Mae rhyio Andras arnochwi: Some Andrasta,

A Eoman youth "bewildered strayed,
While swiftly fell the evening hours.
Around his glance inquiring ran:
No trace was there of living man;*
Forms indistinct before him flew:
The darkening horror darker grew:t
Till night, in death-like stillness felt,
Around those dreary mazes dwelt.
Sudden, a blaze of lurid blue, J
That flashed the matted foliage through,
Illumed, as with Tartarean day,
The knotted trunks and branches grey.
Sensations, wild and undefined, '
Hushed on the Eoman warrior's mind:
But deeper wonder filled his soul,
When on the dead still air around,
Like symphony from magic ground,
Mysterious music stole:
Such strains as flow, when spirits keep,
Around the tombs where wizards sleep,
Beneath the cypress foliage deep,
The rites of dark solemnity;
And hands unearthly wildly sweep
The chords of elfin melody.
And tangling boughs and briars impede
The progress of his toiling steed.
The sun had sought the western deep:
No wind was heard the leaves to sweep:
Forms indistinct, &c.
t Till primal night, and central shades,
O'erhung those melancholy glades.
J Sudden a blaze of lurid flame
With awful lustre flashing came
The matted foliage through:
Well could the astonished youth survey
The knotted trunks and branches grey,
That gleamed as in Tartarean days,
With mystic radiance blue.
Startled the steed, with mane outspread,
Ears couched, and eye-balls straining red;
And feelings wild and undefined,
Rushed on the Roman warrior's mind.
But deeper wonder, &c.

The strains were sad: their changeful swell,
And plaintive cadence, seemed to tell
Of blighted joys, of hopes overthrown,
Of mental peace for ever flown,
Of dearest friends, by death laid low,
And tears, and unavailing woe.
Yet something of a sterner thrill
"With those sad strains consorted ill,
As if revenge had dared intrude
On hopeless sorrow's darkest mood.
