title: Beaumont and Fletcher (part 4 of 5)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 133
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

Guided by those sulphureous rays,*
The Roman pierced the forest maze;
Till, through the opening woodland reign,
Appeared an oak-encircled plain,
Where giant boughs expanded high
Their storm-repelling canopy,
And, central in the sacred round,
Audraste's moss-grown altar frowned. •

The mystic flame of lurid blue
There shed a dubious, mournful light,
And half-revealed to human view
The secret majesty of night.
An ancient man, in dark attire,
Stood by the solitary fire:
In the first edition:
The Roman urged his steed in vain,
Whose course the matted briars restrain:
The rider sprang to ground;
And strove to pierce the forest maze,
Guided by those sulphureous rays,
And that harmonious sound.
He forced his way with toil and pain;
At length his efforts passage gain;
And opened then a narrow plain,
Which lowering oaks confine;
Oaks, that their infant buds unfurled,
To greet the birth-day of the world,
When night's long reign to ruin hurled,
Saw the first morning shine.
Embosomed in that lonely wood,
Of mass^ stones a circle stood;
And, central in the sacred round, &c.

The varying flame his form displayed,
Half-tinged with light, half-veiled in shade.
His grey hair, gemmed with midnight dew,
Streamed down his robes of sable hue:
His cheeks were sunk: his beard was white:
But his large eyes were fiery-bright,
And seemed through flitting shades to range,
With wild expression, stern and strange.
There, where no wind was heard to sigh,
Nor wandering streamlet murmured by,
While every voice of nature slept,
The harp's symphonious strings he swept:
Such thrilling tones might scarcely be
The touch of mortal minstrelsy;
Now rolling loud, and deep, and dread,
As if the sound would wake the dead,
Now soft, as if, with tender close,
To bid the parted soul repose.

The Roman youth with wonder gazed
On those dark eyes to heaven upraised,
Where struggling passions wildly shone,
With fearful lustre, not their own.
Awhile irresolute he stood:*
At length he left the sheltering wood,
And moved towards the central flame:
But, ere his lips the speech could frame,
— " And who art thou T the Druid cried,
While flashed his burning eye-balls wide, —
" Whose steps unhallowed boldly press
This sacred grove's profound recess?
Ha! by my injured country's doom!
I know the hated arms of Home.
Through this dark forest's pathless way
Andraste's self thy steps has led,
To perish on her altars grey,
A grateful offering to the dead.
Oh goddess stern! one victim more
Half-doubtful, he the scene surveyed:
At length he left the friendly shade,
And moved, &c.
To tliee liis vital blood shall pour,
And shades of heroes, hovering nigh,
Shall joy to see a Eoman die!
With that dread plant, that none may name,
I feed the insatiate fire of fate:
Eoman! with this tremendous flame
Thy head to hell I consecrate!"*
And, snatching swift a blazing brand,
He dashed it in the Roman's face,
And seized him with a giant's hand,
And dragged him to the altar's base.
Though worn by time and adverse fate,
Yet strength unnaturally great
He gathered then from deadly hate
And superstitious zeal:
A dire religion's stern behest
Alone his frenzied soul possessed;
Already o'er his victim's breast
Hung the descending steel.

The scene, the form, the act, combined,
A moment on the Roman's mind
An enervating influence poured:
But to himself again restored,
Upspringing light, he grasped his foe,
And checked the meditated blow,
And on the Druid's breast repelledt
The steel his own wild fury held.
The vital stream flowed fast away,
And stained Andraste's altars grey.

More ghastly pale his features dire
Gleamed in that blue funereal fire:
Agli infernal! del
Con questo sangue il capo tuo consacro. — ALFIERI.
f In the first edition:
And dashed his arm aside:
Ill-fated Druid doubly foiled!
Full on himself his steel recoiled,
And from his deep- struck bosom boiled
The life-blood's crimson tide.
The vital stream, &c.

The death-mists from his "brow distilled:
But still his eyes strange lustre filled,
"That seemed to pierce the secret springs
Of unimaginable things.
]No longer, with malignant glare,
Revenge unsated glistened there,
And deadly rage, and stern despair:
All trace of evil passions fled,
He seemed to commune with the dead,
And draw from them, without alloy,
The raptures of prophetic joy.

A sudden breeze his temples fanned:
His harp, untouched by human hand,
Sent forth a sound, a thrilling sound,
That rang through all the mystic round r
The incense-flame rose broad and bright,
In one wide stream of meteor- light.
He knew what power illumed the blaze,
What spirit swept the strings along:
Full on the youth his kindling gaze
He fixed, and poured his soul in song.
