title: Beaumont and Fletcher (part 5 of 5)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: trochaic tetrameter
lines: 99
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

Roman! life's declining tide
From my bosom ebbs apace:
Vengeance have the gods denied
For the ruin of my race.
Triumph not: in night compressed, *
Yet the northern tempests rest,
Doomed to burst, in fatal hour,
On the pride of Roman power.

Sweetly beams the morning ray:
Proudly falls the noon-tide glow:
See! beneath the closing day,
Storm-clouds darken, whirlwinds blow!
Sun-beams gild the tranquil shore:
Hark! the midnight breakers roar!
Triumph not: awhile delayed
Sleeps the storm in central shade.
Doomed, &c.
O'er the deep, by tempests torn,
Shrieks of shipwrecked souls are borne!
xxx.
Queen of earth, imperial Rome
Rules, in boundless sway confessed,
From the day-star's orient dome
To the limits of the west.
Proudest work of mortal hands,
The ETERNAL CITY stands:
Bound in her all-circling sphere,
Monarchs kneel, and nations fear.

Hark! the stream of ages raves:
Gifted eyes its course behold:
Down its all-absorbing waves
Mightiest chiefs and kings are rolled.
Every work of human pride,
Sapped by that eternal tide,
Shall the raging current sweep
Tow'rds oblivion's boundless deep.

Confident in wide control,
Rome beholds that torrent flow,
Heedless how the waters roll,
Wasting, mining, as they go.
That sure torrent saps at length
Walls of adamantine strength:
Down its eddies wild shall pass
Domes of marble, towers of brass.

As the sailor's fragile bark,
Beaten by the adverse breeze,
Sinks afar, and leaves no mark
Of its passage o'er the seas;
So shall Rome's colossal sway
In the lapse of time decay,
Leaving of her ancient fame
But the memory of a name.

Vainly raged the storms of Gaul
Bound dread Jove's Tarpeian dome:
See in flames the fabric fall!*
'Tis the funeral pyre of Eome!
Red-armed vengeance rushes forth
In the whirlwinds of the north:
Prom her hand the sceptre riven
To transalpine realms is given.

Darkness veils the stream of time,
As the wrecks of Rome dissolve:
Years of anarchy and crime
In barbaric night revolve.
From the rage of feudal strifet
Peace and freedom spring to life,
Where the morning sun-beams smile
On the sea-god's favourite isle.
Hail! all hail! my native land!
Long thy course of glory keep:
Long thy sovereign sails expand
O'er the subjugated deep!
"When of Rome's unbounded reign
Dust and shade alone remain,
crederent, impulerat. Captain olim a Gailis urbem; sed, intcyra
datum, et possessione?n rerttm liumanarum transalp'mis gentibus por-
1* In the first edition:
But the morning breaks again:
Peace resumes her ancient reign;
Science holds her sacred sway
In the fields of orient day.
Long from earth by discord driven,
Where shall freedom build her home?
Where shall peace, the child of heaven,
Rest at last, and cease to roam?
Where the conquered ocean roars,
Round my country's chalky shores,
Where the fostering sun-beams smile
On the sea-god's favourite isle! &c.
Thou thy head divine shalt raise, -
Through interminable days.
Death-mists hover: voices rise:
I obey the summons dread:
On the stone my life-blood dyes
Sinks to rest my weary head.
Far from scenes of night and woe,
To eternal groves I go,
Where for me my brethren wait
Ey Andraste's palace-gate.
