title: The Genius of the Thames (part 1 of 2)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 147
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

Flow proudly, Thames! the emblem bright
And witness of succeeding years \t
Flow on, in freedom's sacred light,;
]Sror stained with blood, nor swelled with tears.*
Sweet is thy course, and clear, and still,
By Ewan's old neglected mill:
Green shores thy narrow stream confine,
Where blooms the modest eglantine,
And hawthorn-boughs o'ershadowing spread,
To canopy thy infant bed.
!Nbw peaceful hamlets wandering through,
And fields in beauty ever new,
Where Lechlade sees thy current strong
First waft the unlabouring bark along;
Thy copious waters hold their way
Tow'rds Eadcote's arches, old and grey,
Where triumphed erst the rebel host,t
When hapless Richard's hopes were lost,
And Oxford sought, with humbled pride,
Existence from thy guardian tide.

The wild-flower waves, in lonely bloom,
On Godstow's desolated wall:
Their thin shades flit through twilight gloom,
And murmured accents feebly fall.
The aged hazel nurtures therej
Flow on, and still behold combined
The peasant, warrior, prince, and sage,
With hand, and heart, and will, and mind,
Uphold their ancient heritage!
Sweet is thy course, &c.
t Robert de Vere, Earl of Oxford and Duke of Ireland, the favorite
of Richard the Second, was defeated in the vicinity of Radcote by
the Earl of Derby, in the year 1387, and escaped by swimming with
his horse across the river.
J A small chapel, and a wall, enclosing an ample space, are all now
remaining of Godstow.Nunnery. A hazel grows near the chapel, the
fruit of which is always apparently perfect, but is invariably found
to be hollow.
This nunnery derives its chief interest from having been the
burial-place of the beautiful Rosamond, who appears, after her death,,
to have been regarded as a saint.
Its hollow fruit,.so seeming fair,
And lightly throws its humble shade,
Where Kosamonda's form is laid.
The rose of earth, the sweetest flower
That ever graced a monarch's breast,
In vernal beauty's loveliest hour,
Beneath that sod was laid to rest.
In vain, the bower of love around,
The Daedalean path was wound:
Alas! that jealous hate should iind
The clue for love alone designed!
The venomed bowl, — the mandate dire, —
The menaced steel's uplifted glare, —
The tear, that quenched the blue eye's tire, —
The humble, ineffectual prayer: —
All these shall live, recorded long
In tragic and romantic song,
And long a moral charm impart,
To melt and purify the heart.
A nation's gem, a monarch's pride,
In youth, in loveliness, she died:
The morning sun's ascending ray
Saw none so fair, so blest, so gay:
Ere evening came, her funeral knell
Was tolled by Godstow's convent bell.

The marble tomb, the illumined shrine,
Their unavailing splendour gave —
Where slept in earth the maid divine,
The votive silk was seen to wave.
To her, as to a martyred saint,
His vows the weeping pilgrim poured:
The drooping traveller, sad and faint,
Knelt there, and found his strength restored:
To that fair shrine, in solemn hour,
Fond youths and blushing maidens came,
And gathered from its mystic power
A brighter, purer, holier flame:

The lightest heart with awe could feel
The charm her hovering spirit shed:
But superstition's impious zeal*
Distilled its venom on the dead!

The illumined shrine has passed away:
The sculptured stone in dust is laid:
But when the midnight breezes play
Amid the barren hazel's shade,
The lone enthusiast, lingering near,
The youth, whom slighted passion grieves,
Through fancy's magic spell may hear
A spirit in the whispering leaves;
And dimly see, while mortals sleep,
Sad forms of cloistered maidens move,
The transient dreams of life to weep,
The fading flowers of youth and love!

Oil sun-crowned science! child of heaven! *
To wandering man by angels given!
Still, nymph divine! on mortal sight
Diffuse thy intellectual light,
Till all the nations own thy sway,
And drink with joy the streams of day!
Yet lov'st thou, maid! alone to rove
In cloister dim, or polished grove,
Where academic domes are seen
Emerging grey through foliage green!
Oh! hast thou not thy hermit seat,
Embosomed deep in mountains vast,
Where some fair valley's still retreat
Repels the north's impetuous blast?
The falling stream there murmurs by:
The tufted pine waves broad and high:
And musing silence sits beneath,
Where scarce a zephyr bends the heath,
And hears the breezes, loud and strong,
Resound the topmost boughs among.
There peace her vestal lamp displays,
Undimmed by mad ambition's blaze,
And shuns, in the sequestered glen,
The storms that shake the haunts of men,
Where mean intrigue, and sordid gain,
And frenzied war's ensanguined reign,
And narrow cares, and wrathful strife,
Dry up the sweetest springs of life.

Long, Oxford! may the nations see
A second Athens rise in thee!
Long see thy favoured sons explore
The darkest paths of ancient lore!
Long hear thy gifted bards prolong
The voice of rapture breathing song:
While future Lockes, with ken refined,
Explore the labyrintn of mind;
And Newtons pass, on wings sublime,
The barriers of the solar clime,
To trace in spheres afar,
The mighty cause, the eternal One
Whose spirit glows in every sun,
And lives in every star.
Oh sun-crowned, &c.

Oh! might my steps, that darkly roam,
Attain at last thy mountain home,
And rest, from earthly trammels free,
"With peace, and liberty, and thee!
Around, while faction's tempests sweep,
Like whirlwinds o'er the wintry deep,
And, down the headlong vortex torn,
The vain, misjudging crowd is borne;
'Twere sweet to mark, re-echoing far,
The rage of the eternal war,
