title: The Genius of the Thames (part 2 of 2)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 132
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

That dimly heard, at distance swelling,
Endears, but not disturbs, thy dwelling.

But sweeter yet, oh trebly sweet!
"Were those blest paths of calm retreat,
Might mutual love's endearing smile
The lonely hours of life beguile!
Love, whose celestial breath exhales *
Fresh fragrance on the vernal gales;
Whose starry torch and kindling eye
Add lustre to the summer sky;
Whose tender accents cheer the day,
When autumn's wasting breezes sway;
Whose heavenly flame the bosom warms.
When freezing winter wakes in storms i

Not in the glittering halls of pride,
Where spleen and sullen pomp reside,
Around though Paphian odours breathe,
And fashion twines her fading wreath,
Young fancy wakes her native grace,
Nor love elects his dwelling place.
But in the lone, romantic dell,
Where the rural virtues dwell,
Love, sweetest link of nature's chain,
True source of pleasure, balm of pain
Whose spicy breath and dewy wing
Give fragrance to the gales of spring.
"Whose starry, &c.
Where the sylvan genii roam,
Mutual love may find a home.
Hope, with raptured eye, is there,
Weaving wreaths of pictured air:
Smiling fancy there is found,
Tripping light on fairy ground,
Listening oft, in pine- walks dim,
To the wood-nymph's evening hymn.

But whither roams the devious song,*
While Thames, unheeded, flows along,
And, sinking o'er the level mead,
The classic domes and spires recede!
The dashing oar the wave divides:
The light bark down the current glides:
The furrowed stream, that round it curls,
In many a murmuring eddy whirls.
Succeeding each as each retires,
Wood-mantled hills, and tufted spires,
Groves, villas, islets, cultured plains,
Towers, cities, palaces, and fanes, t
As holds the stream its swift career,
Arise, and pass, and disappear.
xxiv. J
O'er Kuneham Courtnay's flowery glades
Soft breezes wave their fragrant wings,
And still, amid the haunted shades,
The tragic harp of Mason rings.
When the northern breezes blow,
When the ground is white with snow,
There the distant traveller sees
The smoke curl high o'er bending trees;
While beauty, by the social fire,
Awakes to life the artless lyre,
And sweetly flows, with fond employ
The simple lays of rural joy.
But whither roams, &c.
"h In the first edition:
From beauteous Iffley's rustic height
To Cliefden's springs of liquid light.
As holds, #o
± Stanza xxiv. not in the first edition.
Yon votive urn, yon drooping flowers,
Disclose the minstrel's favourite bovvers,
Where first he tuned, in sylvan peace,
To British themes the lyre of Greece.
Delight shall check the expanded sail
In woody Marlow's winding vale:
And fond regret for scenes so fair
With backward gaze shall linger there,
Till rise romantic Hedsor's hills,
And Cliefden's groves, and springs, and rills,
Where hapless Villars, doomed to prove
The ills that wait on lawless love,
In festal mirth, and choral song,
Impelled the summer-hours along,
!Nor marked, where scowled expectant by
Despair, and shame, and poverty.
xxv.
The Korman king's embattled towers
Look proudly o'er the subject plain,
Where, deep in Windsor's regal bowers,
The sylvan muses hold their reign.
From groves of oak, whose branches hoar
Have heard primeval tempests roar,
Beneath the moon's pale ray they pass
Along the shore's unbending grass,
And songs of gratulation raise,
To speak a patriot monarch's praise.

Sweetly, on yon poetic hill,
Strains of unearthly music breathe,
Where Denham's spirit, hovering still,
Weaves his wild harp's aerial wreath.
And sweetly, on the mead below,
The fragrant gales of summer blow:
While flowers shall spring, while Thames shall flow,
That mead shall live in memory,
Where valour, on the tented field,
Triumphant raised his patriot shield,
The voice of truth to kings revealed,
And broke the chains of tyranny.

The stream expands: the meadows fly:
The stately swan sails proudly by:
Full, clear, and bright, with devious flow,
The rapid waters murmuring go.
Now open Twitnam's classic shores,
Where yet the moral muse deplores
Her Pope's unrivalled lay:
Unmoved by wealth, unawed by state,
He held to scorn the little great,
And taught life's better way.
Though tasteless folly's impious hand
Has wrecked the scenes his genius planned;-
Though low his fairy grot is laid,
And lost his willow's pensive shade; —
Yet shall the ever-murmuring stream,
That lapt his soul in fancy's dream,
Its vales with verdure cease to crown,
Ere fade one ray of his renown.

Fair groves, and villas glittering bright,
Arise on Richmond's beauteous height:
Where yet fond echo warbles o'er
The heaven-taught songs she learned of yore.
From mortals veiled, mid waving reeds,
The airy lyre of Thomson sighs,
And whispers to the hills and meads:
