title: In Yonder Grave a Druid Lies! (part 1 of 2)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 85
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

The seasons there, in fixed return,
Around their minstrel's holy urn
Perennial chaplets twine:
Oh! never shall their changes greet,
Immortal bard! a song more sweet,
A soul more pure than thine el

Oh Thames! in conscious glory glide
By those fair piles that crown thy tide,
Where, worn with toil, from tumult far,
The veteran hero rests from war.

Here, marked by many a well-fought field,
On high the soldier hangs his shield;
The seaman there has furled his sail,
Long rent by many an adverse gale.
Remembered perils, braved and past, —
The raging fight, the whelming blast,
The hidden rock, the stormy shore,
The mountain-breaker's deepening roar, —
Recalled, by fancy's spell divine,
Endear their evening's calm decline,
And teach their children, listening near,
To emulate their sires' career.

But swiftly urge the gliding bark,
By yon stern walls and chambers dark,
Where guilt and woe, in night concealed,
"Unthought, unwitnessed, unrevealed,
Through lengthened ages scowling stood,
Mid shrieks of death, and tears of blood.
No heart may think, no tongue declare,
The fearful mysteries hidden there:
Justice averts her trembling eye,
And mercy weeps, and hastens by.*

Long has the tempest's rage been spent
On yon unshaken battlement,
Memorial proud of days sublime,
Whose splendor mocks the power of time.
There, when the distant war-storm roared,
While patriot thousands round her poured,
The British heroine grasped her sword,
To trace the paths of victory:
But in the rage of naval fight,
The island-genius reared his might,
And stamped, in characters of light,
His own immortal destiny.
"Fama di loro in on do esser non lassa :
Non ragioniam di lor, ma guarda e passa. — DANTE.

Ascending dark, on uplands brown,
The ivied walls of Hadleigh frown:
High on the lonely mouldering tower,
Forms of departed ages lower.
But deeper, broader, louder, glide
The waves of the descending tide;
And soon, where winds unfettered roar,
Where Medway seeks the opening \Nbre,
Where breakers lash the dark-red steep,
The barks of Britain stem the deep.

Oh king of streams! when, wandering slow,
I trace thy current's ceaseless flow,
And mark, with venerating gaze,
Reflected on thy liquid breast,
The monuments of ancient days,
Where sages, bards, aud statesmen rest;
Who, waking erst the ethereal mind,
Instructed, charmed, and blessed mankind;
The rays of fancy pierce the gloom
That shrouds the precincts of the tomb,
And call again to life and light
The forms long wrapped in central night.
From abbeys grey and castles old,
Through mouldering portals backward rolled,
Glide dimly forth, with silent tread,
The shades of the illustrious dead.
Still dear to them their native shore,
The woods and fields they loved of yore;
And still, by farthest realms revered,
Subsists the rock-built tower they reared
Though lightnings round its summit glow,
And foaming surges burst below.
xxxiv.
Thames! I have roamed, at evening hours,
iNear beauteous Richmond's courtly bowers,
When, mild and pale, the moon-beams fell
On hill and islet, grove and dell,
And many a skiff, with fleecy sail
Expanded to the western gale,
