title: In Yonder Grave a Druid Lies! (part 2 of 2)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 71
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

Traced on thy breast, serenely-bright,
The lengthening line of silver light;
And man}r an oar, with measured dash
Accordant to the boatman's song,
Bade thy pellucid surface flash,
And whirl, in glittering rings, along;
While from the broad and dripping blade
The clear drops fell, in sparkling showers,
Bright as the crystal gems, displayed
In Amphitrite's coral bowers.
There beauty wooed the breeze of night,
Beneath the silken canopy,
And touched, with flying fingers light,
The thrilling chords of melody.

It s.eemed, that music's inmost soul
Was breathed upon the wandering airs,
Charming to rest, with sweet control,
All human passions, pains, and cares.
Enthusiast voices joined the sound,
And poured such soothing strains around,
That well might ardent fancy deem,
The sylphs had led their viewless band,.
To warble o'er the lovely stream
The sweetest songs of fairyland.
Now, breathing wild, with raptured swell,
They floated o'er the silent tide;
Now, soft and low, the accents fell,
And, seeming mystic tales to tell,
In heavenly murmurs died.
xxxvi.
Yet that sweet scene o'f pensive joy
Gave mournful recollections birth,
And called to fancy's wild employ
The certain destinies of earth.
I seemed to hear, in wakening thought,
While those wild minstrel accents rung,.
Whate'er historic truth had taught,
Or philosophic bards had sung.
Methought a voice, severe and strange,
Whispered of fate, and time, and change,
And bade my wandering mind recall,
How nations rise, and fade, and fall.

Thus fair, of old, Euphrates rolled,
By Babylon's imperial site:
The lute's soft swell, with magic spell,
Breathed rapture on the listening night:
Love-whispering youths and maidens fair
In festal pomp assembled there,
Where to the stream's responsive moan
The desert-gale now sighs alone.

Still changeless, through the fertile plain,
Araxes, loud-resounding, flowr,
Where gorgeous despots fixed their reigUj
And Chil-minar's proud domes arose.*
High on his gem-emblazoned throne
Sate kneeling Persia's earthly god:
Fair slaves and satraps round him shone,
And nations trembled at his nod:
The mighty voice of Asia's fate
Went forth from every golden gate.
Now pensive steps the wrecks explore,
That skirt the solitary shore:
The time-worn column mouldering falls,
And tempests rock the roofless walls.
xxxix.
Perchance, when many a distant year,+
Urged by the hand of fate, has flown,
or Bendemir. The ancient palace of the kings of Persia, called by
the inhabitants Ckil-minar, i. e., forty columns, is situated at the foot
of the mountain: the walls of this stately building are still standing
on three sides; and it has the mountain on the east." — UNIVERSAL
