title: Sir Proteus. 125*
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 107
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

In jaunting-car,* like tourist brave,
Full speed he seemed to rush;
And chaunted many a clumsy stave,
Might make the Bellman blush.

Like grizzly monk, on spectral harp
Deep dole he did betoken;
And strummed one strain, 'twixt flat and sharp,
Till all the strings were broken.
I should imagine, from the young lady's requesting Sir John to
€mploy his gray quill on a paper-mill, that the lovely Miss W. ex-
cels in quizzing as much as she does in drawing.
" Header! I do not wish to brag,
But, to display Eliza's skill,
I'd proudly be the vilest rag
That ever went to paper-mill."
Or that ever came from it, Sir John might have added.
" Content in pieces to be cut" —
Sir John has been cut up so often that he must be well used to
the operation: it is satisfactory to find him so well pleased with it.
Nature, indeed, seems to have formed him for the express purpose of
being cut in pieces. He is a true literary polypus, and multiplies
under the knife of dissection.
" Content in pieces to be cut,
Though sultry were the summer skies,
Pleased between flannel I'd be put,
And after bathed in jellied size.
" Though to be squeezed and hanged I hate " —
This line lets us into an extraordinary piece of taste on the part of
the knight. He does not like to be hanged. Non porrigit or a ca~
pistro.
" For thee, sweet girl, upon my word "—
Vivide et evapywe:.
"When the stout press had forced me flat " —
" The stout press:" — Stout, indeed, when even Sir John's quartos
have not broken it down. — "Had forced me flat " — Sir John, we
see, is of opinion that great force would be requisite to make him
fiat. For my part, I think he is quite flat enough already, and that
he has rather communicated his own flatness to the press, than de-
rived that quality from it.
"I'd be suspended on a cord."
This is gallantry indeed: for the sake of the lovely Miss W., Sir
John would suffer the suspension of his outward man, notwithstand-
ing his singular antipathy to the process.
" And then when dried " —
Cut first, sir, and dried after, like one of his own cut and dried
anecdotes, introduced so very apropos, as,
that happened to ME."

Like modish, bard, intent to please
The sentimental fair,

— "and fit for use " —
By dint of cutting up and hanging Sir John is made useful. Pre-
sently he will be ornamental.
" Eliza! I would pray to thee"—
We see Sir John does not think of praying till after he has been
.banged, contrary to the usual process on similar occasions.
" If with thy pen thou wouldest amuse,
That thou wouldest deign to write on me."
Nay, nay, Sir John, not on you. " Verse must be dull on subjects
so d — d dry."
' 'Gad's bud!"—
A classical exclamation, equivalent to the medius-fidius of Pe-
tronius, the ^Edepol of Terence, and the vr\ TOV ovpavov of Aristo-
phanes.
"Gad's bud! how pleasant it would prove
Her pretty chit-chat to convey:"
The world is well aware of Sir John's talent for conveying the
pretty chit-chat of his acquaintance into his dapper quartos; but
how pleasant the operation has proved to any one but himself, I am
not prepared to decide.
"P'rhaps— "
An Attic contraction.
"P'rhaps be the record of her love,
Told in some coy enchanting way."
If this should be the case, I can furnish the young lady with a suit-
able exordium from an old Italian poet:
Scrivend* io gid mio forsennato amore
Su durofoytio d' asinina pelle.
" Or if her pencil she would try
On me, oh may she still imprint
Those forms that fix the admiring eye,
Each graceful line, each glowing tint."
I know not what success the lovely Miss W. might have in making
Sir John ornamental. Gillray, we all know, tried his pencil on him
very successfully, and fixed a glowing tint (of anger, not of shame) on
the cheek of the exasperated Sir John.
"Then shall I reason have to brag,
For thus, to high importance grown,
The world will see a simple rag
Become a treasure rarely known."

He strung conceits and similes,
Where feeling had no share.*

So ends tliis miserable shred of what Sir John calls badinage.
" Away! thou rag! thou quantity! thou remnant 1" And so much
for the Poems of iSiR JOHN CARR.
W EK yap oi. Qpevat; aXfcro /jjjnera Zevg.

At last, in cap with border red,
A Minstrel seemed to stand,
With heather Bell upon his head,
And fiddle in his hand;

And such a shrill and piercing scrape '
Of hideous discord gavo,
That none but Johnny's ear could scape
Unfractured by the stave.*
Old Poulter's mare, in sudden fright,
Forgot all John had taught her;
And up she reared, a furious height,
And soused him in the water.
