title: Sir Proteus
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: ballad
lines: 75
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

And when the names Sir Proteus said;
Of Murray, Kerr, and Scott;
The sound went crashing through his head,
Like Van Tromp's famous shot,*
Which, like some adamantine rock,
By Hector thrown in sport,
Plumped headlong into Sheerness dock,
And battered down a fort.
Like one astound, John stared around,
And watched his time to fly;
And quickly spied, amid the tide,
A dolphin sailing by; —
And jumped upon him in a crack,
And touched him in the fin,
And rose triumphant, on his back,
Through ocean's roaring din:
While Proteus, on his fiddle bent
Still scraped his feudal jig;
Nor marked, as on his ballad went,
His bird had hopped the twig.
So Johnny rose 'mid ocean's roar,
And landed was full soon,
Upon a wild and lonely shore,
Beneath the waning moon.

He sate him down, beside a cave
As black as hell itself,
And heard the breakers roar and rave,
A melancholy elf:
But when he wanted to proceed,
And advertise his mare,
In vain he struggled to be freed,
Such magic tixed him there.
Then came a voice of thrilling force:
" In vain my power you brave,
For here must end your earthly course,
And here's Oblivion's cave.
" Far, far within its deep recess,
Descends the winding road,
By which forgotten minstrels press
To Pluto's drear abode.
" Here Cr —:k — r fights his battles o'er,
And doubly kills the slain,
Where Y no more can nod or snore
In concert to the strain.
" Here, to psalm tunes thy C — 1 — r — dge sets
His serio-comic lay:
Here his gray Pegasus curvets,
Where none can hear him bray.
" Here dreaming W — rds — th wanders lost,
Since Jove hath cleft his deck:*
Lo! on these rocks his tub is tost,t
A shattered, shapeless wreck.

NHA 9OHN apyrjTi

ZETS e\<7a£ e/ceacro'f, [j,f.<r<^ evi OIVOTTI t See page 122, sqq.
"In such a vessel ne'er before
Did human creature leave the shore.
But say what was it? — Thought of fear!
Well may ye tremble when ye hear!
A household tub, like one of those
Which women use to wash their clothes!"

" Here shall Corruption's laureate wreath,
By ancient Dulness twined
With flowers that courtly influence breathe,
Thy votive temples bind.
4< Amid the thick Lethean fen
The dull dwarf-laurel springs,*
To bind the brows of venal men,
The tuneful slaves of kings.
" Come, then, and join the apostate train
Of thy poetic stamp,
That vent for gain the loyal strain,
'Mid Stygian vapours damp,
"While far below, where Lethe creeps,
The ghost of.Freedom sits, and weeps ]
O'er Truth's extinguished lamp."
