title: At Colonus of Sophocles
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 68
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

YE men of Athens, wondrous is the tale
I bear: the fate of CE lipus: no more
In the lone darkness of his days he roams,
Snatched in strange manner from the paths of men.
You witnessed his departure: no kind hand
Guiding his blindness, but with steadfast tread,
Alone and unsupported, through the woods
And winding rocks lie led our wond'ring course.
Till by that broken way, which brazen steps
Uphold, beside the hollow ground he stood,
Where Theseus and Pirithous held erewhile
The compact of inviolable Jove:
There, in the midst, from the Thorician rock
And the Acherdian cave alike remote,
He sate himself upon the marble tomb,
And loosed his melancholy garb, and called
His daughters, from the living spring to bear
His last ablution. They, to the near hill
Of Ceres hastening, brought the fountain-flood,
And wrapped him in the garments that beseem
Funereal rites. Then subterranean Jove
Thundered: the maidens trembled as they heard,
And beat their breasts, and uttered loud laments.
Touched at the bitter sound, he wrapped his arms
Around them: " Oh, my children!" he exclaimed, •
" The hour and place of my appointed rest
Are found: your father from this breathing world
Departs: a weary lot was yours, my children,
Wide o'er the inhospitable earth to lead
A blind, forlorn, old, persecuted man.
These toils are yours no more: yet well I deem
Aifection overweighed them, and the love,
The soul-felt love, which he who caused them bore you,
Where shall you find again T Then on their necks "

He wept, and they on his, in speechless woe,
And all was silence round. A thrilling voice
Called " (Edipus f" the blood of all who heard
Congealed with fear, and every hair grew stiff.
" Oh, (Edipus!" it cried, " oh, (Edipus!
"Why tarry we 1 for thee alone we wait!"
He recognized the summons of the god,
And calling Theseus to him, said: " Oh, friend!
Now take my children by the hand, and pledge
Thy faith inviolate, to afford them ever
Protection and support." The generous king
Fulfilled his wish, and bade high Jove record
The irrevocable vow. Then (Edipus
Folded his daughters in his last embrace,
And said: " Farewell, my children! from this spot
Depart with fortitude: the will of fate
From all but Theseus veils the coming scene."
These words we heard: with the receding maids
We turned away awhile: reverting then
Our looks, the spot where (Edipus had been
Was vacant, and King Theseus stood alone,
His hand before his eyes, his head bowed down,
As one oppressed with supernatural light,
Or sight of some intolerable thing.
Then falling prostrate, on the goddess Earth
He called, and Jove, and the Olympian gods.
How perished (Edipus, to none beside
Is known: for not the thunder- bolts of Jove
Consumed him. nor the whirlwinds of the deep
Eushed o'er his head and swept him from the world,.
But with some silent messenger of fate
He passed away in peace, or that dark chasm
By which he stood, disclosed beneath his feet
A tranquil passage to the Stygian flood.
