title: Sie Hoenbook;
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: ballad
lines: 59
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

£ Reprinted in Summerly's Home Treasury, 1846.]
O'EE bush and brier Child e Launcelot sprung *
With ardent hopes elate,
And loudly blew the horn that hung
Before Sir Hornbook's gate.
The inner portals opened wide,
And forward strode the chief,
Arrayed in paper helmet's pride,
And arms of golden leaf.
" What means," he cried, " this daring noise,
That wakes the summer day?
I hate all idle truant boys:
Away, Sir Childe, away!"
" No idle truant boy am I,"
Childe Launcelot answered straight;
" Eesolved to climb this hill so high,
I seek thy castle gate.
" Behold the talisman I bear,
And aid my bold design:"
•Sir Hornbook gazed, and written there,
Knew Emulation's sign.
" If Emulation sent thee here,"
Sir Hornbook quick replied,
" My merry men all shall soon appear,
To aid thy cause with shield and spear,
And I will head thy bold career,
And prove thy faithful guide."
Loud rung the chains; the drawbridge fell;
The gates asunder flew;
The knight thrice beat the portal bell,
And thrice he called " Halloo."

And out, and out, in hasty rout,
By ones, twos, threes, and fours;
His merrymen rushed the walls without,
And stood before the doors.

FULL six-and-twenty men were they,*
In line of battle spread:
The first that came was mighty A,
The last was little Z.
Six vocal men Sir Hornbook had,t
Four double men to boot,J
And four were liquids soft and sad,§
And all the rest were mute.
He called his Corporal Syllable,^"
To range the scattered throng;
And Captain Word** disposed them well
In bands compact and strong.
"JSTow, mark, Sir Childe," Sir Hornbook said,
" These well compacted powers
Shall lead thy vent'rous steps to tread
Through all the Muses' bowers.
" If rightly thou thyself address,
To use their proffer'd aid:,
Still unallured by idleness,
By labour undismayed;
tf For many troubles intervene,
And perils widely spread, •
Around the groves of evergreen,
That crown this mountain's head:
