title: L, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y, Z (part 1 of 2)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: ballad
lines: 132
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

But rich reward he finds, I ween,
Who through them all has sped."
Childe Launcelot felt his bosom glow
At thought of noble deed;
Eesolved through every path to go,
Where that bold knight should lead.
Sir Hornbook wound his bugle horn,
Full long, and loud, and shrill;
His merrymen all, for conquest born,
With armour glittering to the morn,
Went marching up the hill.
" WHAT men are you beside the way T
The bold Sir Hornbook cried:
" My name is The, my brother's A"
Sir Article replied. *
" My brother's home is anywhere,t
At large and undefined;
But I a preference ever bear J
For one fixed spot, and settle there:
Which speaks my constant mind."
" What ho! Childe Launcelot! seize them there,
And look you have them sure!"
Sir Hornbook cried, " my men shall bear
Your captives off secure."
The twain were seized: Sir Hornbook blew
His bugle loud and shrill:
His merrymen all, so stout and true,
Went marching up the hill.

Where by one ample wall contained,
All earthly things they found:*
All beings, rich, poor, weak, or wise,
Were there, full strange to see,
And attributes and qualities
Of high and low degree.
Before the circle stood a knight,
Sir Substantive his name,t
With Adjective, his lady bright,
Who seemed a portly dame;
Yet only seemed; for whensoe'er
She strove to stand alonet%
She proved no more than smoke and air,
Who looked like^. flesh and bone.
And therefore to her husband's arm
She clung for evermore,
And lent him many a grace and charm
He had not known before;
Yet these the knight felt well advised,
He might have done without;
For lightly foreign help he prized,
He was so staunch and stout.
Five sons had they, their dear delight,
Of different forms and faces;
And two of them were numbers bright, §
And three, they christened cases.
course of.
f Nouns are of two kinds, substantives and adjectives. A noun
substantive declares its own meaning, and requires not another word
to be joined with it to show its signification; as, man, book, apple.
$ A noun adjective cannot stand alone, but always requires to be
joined with a substantive, of which it shows the nature or quality,
as " A good girl, a naughty boy."
"Nouns have two numbers, singular and plural : —
J| and three cases: nominative, possessive, and objective.

Now loudly rung Sir Hornbook's horn;
Childe Launcelot poised his spear;
And on they rushed, to conquest borne,
In swift and full career.
Sir Substantive kicked down the wall:
It fell with furious rattle:
And earthly things and beings all,
Eushed forth to join the battle.
But earthly things and beings all,
Though mixed in boundless plenty,
Must one by one dissolving fall
To Hornbook's six-and-twenty.
Childe Launcelot won the arduous fray,
And, when they ceased from strife,
Led stout Sir Substantive away,
His children, and his wife.
Sir Hornbook wound his horn again,
Full long, and loud, and shrill:
His merrymen all, a warlike train,
Went marching up the hill.

Now when Sir Pronoun looked abroad,*
And spied the coming train,
He left his fort beside the road,
And ran with might and main.
Two cloth-yard shafts from I and IT,
Went forth with whizzing sound:
Like lightning sped the arrows true,
Sir Pronoun pressed the ground:
But darts of science ever flew
To conquer, not to wound.
His fear was great: his hurt was small:
Childe Launcelot took his hand: —
" Sir Knight," said he, " though doomed to fall
Before my conquering band,
locum tenens, or deputy; as, "The King is gone to Windsor, he will
return to-morrow."

" Yet knightly treatment shall you find,
On faith of cavalier:
Then join Sir Substantive behind,
And follow our career."
Sir Substantive, that man of might,
Felt knightly anger rise;
For he had marked Sir Pronoun's flight
With no approving eyes.
" Great Substantive, my sovereign liege!"
Thus sad Sir Pronoun cried,
" When you had fallen in furious siege,
Could I the shock abide!
" That all resistance would be vain,
Too well, alas! I knew:
For what could I, when you were ta'en,
Your poor lieutenant, do V
Then louder rung Sir Hornbook's horn,
In signals loud and shrill:
His merrymen all, for conquest born,
Went marching up the hilLj

Now steeper grew the rising ground,
And rougher grew the road,
As up the steep ascent they wound
To bold Sir Verb's abode.*
Sir Verb was old, and many a year,
All scenes and climates seeing,
Had run a wild and strange career
Through every mode of being.
And every aspect, shape, and change
Of action, and of passion:
And known to him was all the range
Of feeling, taste, and fashion.
"lam, Hove, I am loved."
