title: L, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y, Z (part 2 of 2)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: ballad
lines: 111
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

He was an Augur, quite at home
In all things present done*
Deeds past, and every act to come
In ages yet to run.
Entrenched in intricacies strong,
Ditch, fort, and palisado,
He marked with scorn the coming throng,
And breathed a bold bravado:
" Ho! who are you that dare invade
My turrets, moats, and fences?
Soon will your vaunting courage fade,
When on the walls, in lines arrayed,
You see me marshal undismayed
My host of moods and tenses. "t
" In vain," Cliilde Launcelot cried in scorn,
" On them is your reliance;"
Sir Hornbook wound his bugle horn,
And twang'd a loud defiance.
They swam the moat, they scaled the wall,
Sir Verb, with rage and shame,
Beheld his valiant general fall,
Infinitive by name. J
Indicative declared the foes §
Should perish by his hand;
And stout Imperative arose
The squadron to command.
"The two lines in Italics are taken from Chapman's Homer.
t Verbs have five moods; the indicative, imperative, potential,
subjunctive, and infinitive.
J The infinitive mood expresses a thing in a general and unlimited
manner: as, "To love, to walk, to be ruled."
" He loves: he is loved:" or asks a question: as, "Does he love?
Is he loved?"
|| The imperative mood commands or entreats: as, " Depart,
come hither: forgive me."

Potential * and Subjunctive t then
Came forth with doubt * and chance:f
All fell alike, with all their men,
Before Sir Hornbook's lance.
Action and Passion nought could do
To save Sir Verb from fate;
Whose doom poor Participle knew,J
He must participate.
Then Adverb, who had skulked behind, §
To shun the mighty jar,
Came forward, and himself resigned
A prisoner of war.
Three children of Imperative,
Full strong, though somewhat small,
Next forward came, themselves to give
To conquering Launcelot's thrall..
Conjunction press'd to join the crowd;
But Preposition swore,1T
Though Interjection sobb'd aloud,**
That he would go before.
may rain; they should learn."
1* The subjunctive mood implies contingency: as, " If he were
good, he would be happy."
J The participle is a certain form of the verb, and is so called
from participating the nature of a verb and an adjective: as, "he
is an admired character; she is a loving child."
verbs, to qualify their signification: as, "that is a remarkably swift
horse: it is extremely well done. "
|| A conjunction is a part of speech chiefly used to connect words:
as, "King and constitution; or sentences: as, "I went to the
theatre, and saw the new pantomime."
IT A preposition is most commonly set before another word to show
its relation to some word or sentence preceding: as, " The fisherman
went down the river with his boat."
Conjunctions and prepositions are for the most part imperative
moods of absolete verbs: thus, and signifies add: " John and Peter;
John add Peter: the fisherman with his boat; the fisherman, ioin
his boat."
'* Interjections are words thrown in between the parts of a sen-
tence, to express passions or emotions: as, " Oh! Alas!"

Again his horn Sir Hornbook blew,
Full long, and loud, and shrill;
His merrymen all, so stout and true,
Went marching up the hill.

SIR SYNTAX dwelt in thick fir-grove,*
All strown with scraps of flowers,t
"Which he had pluck'd to please his love,
Among the Muses' bowers.
His love was gentle Prosody, {
More fair than morning beam;
"Who lived beneath a flowering tree,
Eeside a falling stream.
And these two claim'd, with high pretence,
The whole Parnassian ground,
Albeit some little difference
Between their taste was found:
Sir Syntax he was all for sense,
And Prosody for sound.
Yet in them both the Muses fair
Exceedingly delighted;
And thought no earthly thing so rare,
That might with that fond twain compare,
When they were both united.
"Ho! yield, Sir Syntax!" Hornbook cried,
" This youth must pass thy grove,
Led on by me, his faithful guide,
In yonder bowers to rove."
Thereat full much Sir Syntax said,
But found resistance vain:
And through his grove Childe Launcelot sped,
With all Sir Hornbook's train.
and construction of words in a sentence.
t I allude to the poetical fragments with which syntax is illus-
trated.
J Prosody is that part of grammar which treats of the true pro-
nunciation of words, and the rules of versification.
