title: Rhododaphne (part 1 of 2)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 82
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

And give to senseless stones and stocks
Motion, and breath, and shape that mocks,
As far as nicest eye can scan,
The action and the life of man.
Beware! yet once again beware!
Ere round thy inexperienced mind,
With voice and semblance falsely fair,
A chain Thessalian magic bind,
Which never more, oh youth! believe,
Shall either earth or heaven unweave." —
While yet he spoke, the morning scene,
In more portentous hues arrayed,
Dwelt on Anthemion's mind: a shade
Of deeper mystery veiled the mien
And words of that refulgent maid.
The frown, that, ere he breathed his vow,
Dwelt on the brazen statue's brow;
His votive flowers, so strangely blighted;
The wreath her beauteous hands untwined
To share with him, that, self-combined,
Its sister tendrils reunited,
Strange sympathy! as in his mind
These forms of troubled memory blended
With dreams of evil undefined,
Of magic and Thessalian guile,
Now by the warning voice portended
Of that mysterious man, awhile,
Even when the stranger's speech had ended,
He stood as if he listened still.
At length he said: — " Oh, reverend stranger!
Thy solemn words are words of fear.
Not for myself I shrink from danger;
But there is one to me more dear
Than all within this earthly sphere,
And many are the omens ill
That threaten her: to Jove's high will
We bow; but if in human skill
Be ought of aid or expiation
That may this peril turn away,
For old Experience holds his station
On that grave brow, oh stranger! say." —
— " Oh youth! experience sad indeed

Is mine; and should I tell my tale,
Therein thou might'st too clearly read
How little may all aid avail
To him, whose hapless steps around
Thessalian spells their chains have bound:
And yet such counsel as I may
I give to thee. Ere close of day
Seek thou the planes, whose broad shades fall
On the stream that laves yon mountain's base:
There on thy Xatal Genius call*
For aid, and with averted face
Give to the stream that flower, nor look
Upon the running wave again;
For, if thou should'st, the sacred plane
Has heard thy suppliant vows in vain;
!Nor then thy Xatal Genius can,
3s or Phoebus, nor Arcadian Pan,
Dissolve thy tenfold chain." —
The stranger said, and turned away.
Anthemion sought the plane-grove's shade.
'Twas near the closing hour of day.
The slanting sunbeam's golden ray,
That through the massy foliage made
Scarce here and there a passage, played
Upon the silver-eddying stream,
Even on the rocky channel throwing
Through the clear flood its golden gleam.
The bright waves danced beneath the beam
To the music of their own sweet flowing.
The flowering sallows on the bank,
Beneath the o'ershadowing plane-trees wreathing
In sweet association, drank
The grateful moisture, round them breathing
Soft fragrance through the lonely wood.
There, where the mingling foliage wove olive to Minerva, the palm to the Muses, the myrtle and rose to
Venus, the laurel to Apollo, the ash to Mars, the beech to Hercules,
the pine to Pan, the fir and ivy to Bacchus, the cypress to Sylvanus,
the cedar to the Eumenides, the yew and poppy to Ceres, &c. " I
swear to you," says Socrates in the Phxdrus of Plato, " by any one of
.the gods, if yon will by this plane.7'
