title: Rhododaphne. 175- (part 1 of 2)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 125
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

The sweet andrachne strikes, to mock *
Sterility, and profusely shoots
Its light boughs, rich with ripening fruits.
The moonbeams, through the chequering shade,
Upon the silent temple played,
The Muses' fane. The nightingale,
Those consecrated bowers among,
Poured on the air a warbled tale,
So sweet, that scarcely from her nest,
Where Orpheus' hallowed relics rest,,
She breathes a sweeter song.f
A scene, whose power the maniac sense
Of passion's wildest mood might own!
Anthemion felt its influence:
His fancy drank the soothing tone
Of all that tranquil loveliness;
And health and bloom returned to bless
His dear Calliroe, and the groves
And rocks where pastoral Ladon roves
Bore record of their blissful loves.
List! there is music on the wind!
Sweet music! seldom mortal ear
On sounds so tender, so refined,
Has dwelt. Perchance some Muse is near,
Euterpe, or Polymnia bright,
Or Erato, whose gentle lyre
Responds to love and young desire!
It is the central hour of night:
The time is holy, lone, severe,
And mortals may not linger here!
Still on the air those wild notes fling
Their airy spells of voice and string,
In sweet accordance, sweeter made
By response soft from caverned shade.
He turns to where a lovely glade
Helicon, and bears fruit of incomparable sweetness." — Pliny says,
" It is the same plant which is called in Latin illecebra: it grows on
rocks, and is gathered for food."
t It was said by the Thracians, that those nightingales which had
their nests about the tomb of Orpheus, sang more sweetly and power-
fully than any others. — Pausanias, 1. ix.

Sleeps in the open moonlight's smile,
A natural fane, whose ample bound
The palm's columnar stems surround,
A wild and stately peristyle;
Save where their interrupted ring
Bends on the consecrated cave,
From whose dark arch, with tuneful wave,
Libethrus issues, sacred spring.
Beside its gentle murmuring,
A maiden, on a mossy stone,
Pull in the moonlight, sits alone:
Her eyes, with humid radiance bright,
As if a tear had dimmed their light,
Are fixed upon the moon; her hair
Flows long and loose in the light soft air;
A golden lyre her white hands bear;
Its chords, beneath her fingers fleet,
To such wild symphonies awake,
Her sweet lips breathe a song so sweet,
That the echoes of the cave repeat
Its closes with as soft a sigh,
As if they almost feared to break
The magic of its harmony.
Oh! there was passion in the sound,
Intensest passion, strange and deep;
"Wild breathings of a soul, around
Whose every pulse one hope had bound,
One burning hope, which might not sleep.
But hark! that wild and solemn swell!
And was there in those tones a spell,
Which none may disobey 1 For lo!
Anthemion from the sylvan shade
Moves with reluctant steps and slow,
And in the lonely moonlight glade
He stands before the radiant maid.
She ceased her song, and with a smile
She welcomed him, but nothing said:
And silently he stood the while,
And tow'rds the ground he drooped his head,
As if he shrunk beneath the light
Of those dark eyes so dazzling bright.
At length she spoke: — " The flower was fair
I bade thee till its fading wear:

And didst thou scorn the boon,
Or died the flower so soon T —
— " It did not fade,
Oh radiant maid!
But Thespia's rites its use forbade,
To Love's vindictive power profane: l
If soothly spoke the reverend seer,
Whose voice rebuked, with words severe,
Its beauty's secret bane." —
— " The world, oh youth! deems many wise,
Who dream at noon with waking eyes,
While spectral fancy round them flings
Phantoms of unexisting things;
Whose truth is lies, whose paths are error,
Whose gods are fiends, whose heaven is terror;
And such a slave has been with thee,
And thou, in thy simplicity,
Hast deemed his idle sayings truth.
The flower I gave thee, thankless youth!
The harmless flower thy hand rejected,
Was fair: my native*river sees
Its verdure and its bloom reflected
Wave in the eddies arid the breeze.
My mother felt its beauty's claim,
And gave, in sportive fondness wild,
Its name to me, her only child." —
— " Then RHODODAPHNE is thy name?" —
Anthemion said: the maiden bent
Her head in token of assent.
— " Say once again, if sooth I deem,
Peneus is thy native stream V —
— " Down Pindus' steep Peneus falls,
And swift and clear through hill and dale
It flows, and by Larissa's walls,
And through wild Tempe, loveliest vale -}
And on its banks the cypress gloom
Waves round my father's lonely tomb.
My mother's only child am I:
'Mid Tempe's sylvan rocks we dwell;
And from my earliest infancy,
The darling of our cottage-dell
