title: Canto V (part 2 of 3)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 118
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

With wine and copious cheer, the crew
Caroused: the damsel o'er the lyre
Her rapid fingers lightly flung,
And thus, with feigned obedience, sung.
— " The Nereid's home is calm and bright,
The ocean-depths below,
Where liquid streams of emerald light
Through caves of coral flow.
She has a lyre of silver strings
Framed on a pearly shell,
And sweetly to that lyre she sings
The shipwrecked seaman's knell.
" The ocean-snake in sleep she binds;
The dolphins round her play:
His purple conch the Triton winds
Responsive to the lay:
Proteus and Phorcys, sea-gods old,
Watch by her choral cell,
To hear, on watery echoes rolled,
The shipwrecked seaman's knell."
— " Cease 1" cried the chief, in accents rude —
" From songs like these mishap may rise.
Thus far have we our course pursued
With smiling seas and cloudless skies.
From wreck and tempest, omens ill,
Forbear; and sing, for well I deem
Those pretty lips possess the skill.
Some ancient tale of happier theme;
Some legend of imperial Jove
In uncouth shapes disguised by love;
Or Hercules, and his hard toils;
Or Mercury, friend of craft and spoils;
Or Jove-born Bacchus, whom we prize
O'er all the Olympian deities." —
He said, and drained the bowl. The crew
With long coarse laugh applauded. Fast
With sparkling keel the vessel flew,
For there was magic in the breeze
That urged her through the sounding seas.
By Chanastrseum's point they past,
And Ampelos. Gray Athos, vast

With woods far-stretching to the sea,
Was full before them, while the maid
Again her lyre's wild strings essayed,
In notes of bolder melody:
" Bacchus by the lonely ocean
Stood in youthful semblance fair:
Summer winds, with gentle motion,
Waved his black and curling hair.
Streaming from his manly shoulders
Eobes of gold and purple dye
Told of spoil to fierce beholders
In their black ship sailing by.
On the vessel's deck they placed him
Strongly bound in triple bands;
But the iron rings that braced him
Melted, wax-like from his hands.
Then the pilot spake in terror:
" ' 'Tis a god in mortal form!
Seek the land; repair your error
Ere his wrath invoke the storm.'
" ' Silence!' cried the frowning master,
' Mind the helm, the breeze is fair:
Coward! cease to bode disaster:
Leave to men the captive's care.'
While he speaks, and fiercely tightens
In the full free breeze the sail,
From the deck wine bubbling lightens,
Winy fragrance fills the gale.
Gurgling in ambrosial lustre
Flows the purple-eddying wine:
O'er the yard-arms trail and cluster
Tendrils of the mantling vine:
Grapes, beneath the broad leaves springing,
Blushing as in vintage-hours,
Droop, while round the tall mast clinging
Ivy twines its buds and flowers,
Fast with graceful berries blackening: —
Garlands hang on every oar:
Then in fear the cordage slackening,
One and all, they cry, ' To shore!'
Bacchus changed his shape, and glaring

With a lion's eye-balls wide,
Roared: the pirate-crew, despairing,
Plunged amid the foaming tide.
Through the azure depths they flitted
Dolphins by transforming fate:
But the god the pilot pitied,
Saved, and made him rich and great."
The crew laid by their cups and frowned.
A stern rebuke their leader gave.,
With arrowy speed the ship went round
Nymphaeum. To the ocean-wave
The mountain-forest sloped, and cast
O'er the white surf its massy shade.
They heard, so near the shore they past,
The hollow sound the sea-breeze made,
As those primaeval trees it swayed.
" Curse on thy songs!" the leader cried,
" False tales of evil augury!"
" Well hast thou said," the maid replied,
" They augur ill to thine and thee."
She rose, and loosed her radiant hair,
And raised her golden lyre in air.
The lyre, beneath the breeze's wings,
As if a spirit swept the strings,
Breathed airy music, sweet and strange,
In many a wild phantastic change.
Most like the daughter of the Sun*
She stood: her eyes all radiant shone
With beams unutterably bright;
And her long tresses loose and light,
' As on the playful breeze they rolled,
Flamed with rays of burning gold,
His wondering eyes Anthemion raised •eyes and hair. Haaa yap TjeXiov ytvtri apiBr)\oQ ideaSai HtV CTTCI
aiyXrjv. — ApOLLONius, IV. 727. And in the Orphic Argonautics,
Circe is thus described: — €/c d' apa rravreg Qafiflzov f KropowirEg* cnro
7rpo£<o7ra, 0Xoyo£ o airfXainrtv avrfiij.
