title: Canto Vi (part 2 of 3)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 128
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

Of her reflected loveliness.
The sunshine and the air seemed less
The sources of my life: and how
Was she torn from me 1 Earth is now
A waste, where many echoes tell
Only of her I loved — how well
Words have no power to speak: — and thou —
Gather the rose-leaves from the plain
Where faded and denied they lie,
And close them in their bud again,
And bid them to the morning sky
Spread lovely as at first they were:
Or from the oak the ivy tear,
And wreathe it round another tree
In vital growth: then turn to me,
And bid my spirit cling on thee,
As on my lost Calliroe!"
— " The Genii of the earth, and sea,
And air, and fire, my mandates hear.
Even the dread Power, thy Ladon's fear,
Arcadian Daemagorgon, knows*
My voice: the ivy or the rose,
Though torn and trampled on the plain,
May rise, unite, and bloom again,
reader, in Milton's enumeration of the Powers of Chaos. Mytho-
logical writers in general afford but little information concerning
this terrible Divinity. He is incidentally mentioned in several places
by Natalis Comes, who says, in treating of Pan, that Pronapides, in
his Protocosmus, makes Pan and the three sister Fates the offspring
of Dsemogorgon. Boccaccio, in a Latin treatise on the Genealogy of the
Gods, gives some account of him on the authority of Theodotion and
Pronapides. He was the Genius of the Earth, and the Sovereign
Power of the Terrestrial Dsemons. He dwelt originally with Eternity
and Chaos, till, becoming weary of inaction, he organized the chaotic
elements, and surrounded the earth with the heavens. In addition
to Pan and the Fates, his children were Uranus, Titaea, Pytho, Eris,
and Erebus. This awful Power was so sacred among the Arcadians,
that it was held impious to pronounce his name. The impious, how-
ever, who made less scruple about pronouncing it, are said to have
found it of great virtue in magical incantations. He has been sup-
posed to be a philosophical emblem of the principle of vegetable life.
The silence of mythologists concerning him, can only be attributed
to their veneration for his "dreaded name;" a proof of genuine piety
which must be pleasing to our contemporary Pagans, for some such
there are.

If on his aid I call: thy heart.
Alone resists and mocks my art." —
— " Why lov'st thou me, Thessalian maid?
Why hast thou, cruel beauty, torn
Asunder two young hearts, that played
In kindred unison so blest,
As they had filled one single breast
From life's first opening morn 2
Why lov'st thou me 1 The kings of earth
Might kneel to charms and power like thine:
But I, a youth of shepherd birth —
As well the stately mountain-pine
Might coil around the eglantine,
As thou thy radiant being twine
Round one so low, so lost as mine." —
— " Sceptres and crowns, vain signs that move
The souls of slaves, to me are toys.
I need but love: I seek but love:
And long, amid the heartless noise
Of cities, and the woodland peace
Of vales, through all the scenes of Greece
I sought the fondest and the fairest
Of Grecian youths, my love to be:
And such a heart and form thou bearest,
And my soul sprang at once to thee,
Like an arrow to its destiny.
Yet shall my lips no spell repeat,
To bid thy heart responsive beat
To mine: thy love's spontaneous smile,
Nor forced by power, nor won by guile,
I claim: but yet a little while,
And we no more may meet.
For I must find a dreary home,
And thou, where'er thou wilt, shalt roam:
But should one tender thought awake
Of Rhododaphne, seek the cell,
Where she dissolved in tears doth dwell
Of blighted hope, and she will take-
The wanderer to her breast, and make
Such flowers of bliss around him blow,
As kings would yield their thrones to know." —

— " It must not be. The air is laden
With sweetness from thy presence born:
Music and light are round thee, maiden,
As round the Virgin Power of Morn:
I feel, I shrink beneath thy beauty:
But love, truth, woe, remembrance, duty,
All point against thee, though arrayed
In charms whose power no heart could shun
That ne'er had loved another maid
Or any but that loveliest one,
Who now> within my bosom's void,
A sad pale -shade, by thee destroyed,
Forbids all other love to bind
My soul: thine least' of womankind." —
Faltering and faint his accents broke,
As those concluclicg words he spoke.
No more she said, but sadly smiled,
And took his hand; and like a child
He followed her. All waste and wild,
A pathless moor before them lies.
Beyond, long chains of mountains rise:
Their summits with eternal snow
Are crowned: vast forests wave below,
And stretch, with ample slope and sweep,
Down to the moorlands and the deep.
Human dwelling see they none,
Save one cottage, only one,
Mossy, mildewed, frail, and poor,
Even as human home can be,
Where the forest skirts the moor,
By the inhospitable sea.
There, in tones of melody,
Sweet and clear as Dian's voice
When the rocks and woods rejoice
In her steps the chase impelling,
Rhododaphne, pausing, calls.
Echo answers from the walls:
Mournful response, vaguely telling
Of a long-deserted dwelling.
Twice her lips the call repeat,
Tuneful summons, thrilling sweet.
Still the same sad accents follow,
