title: The Koukd Table; (part 1 of 2)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 149
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

KING AETHUE sat down by the lonely sea-coast,
As thin as a lath, and as pale as a ghost:
He looked on the east, and the west, and the south,
W a tear in his eye, and a pipe in his mouth;
And he said to old Merlin, who near him did stand,
Drawing circles, triangles, and squares on the sand,
" Sure nothing more dismal and tedious can be,
Than to sit always smoking and watching the sea:
Say when shall the fates re-establish my reign,
And spread my round-table in Britain again ]"
Old Merlin replied: " By my art it appears, «
Not in less than three hundred and seventy years;
But in the meantime I am very well able
To spread in this island your ancient round table;
And to grace it with guests of unparalleled splendour,
I'll summon old Pluto forthwith to surrender
All the kings who have sat on your throne, from the day
When from Camlan's destruction I snatched you away."
King Arthur's long face, by these accents restored, •
Grew as round as his table, as bright as his sword;
While the wand of old Merlin waved over the ocean,
Soon covered its billows with brilliant commotion;
For ships of all ages and sizes appearing,
Towards the same shore were all rapidly steering,
Came cleaving the billows with sail and with oar,
Yacht, pinnace, sloop, frigate, and seventy-four.
King Arthur scarce spied them afar from the land,
Ere their keels were fixed deep in the yellow sea-sand;
And from under their canopies, golden and gay,
Came kings, queens, and courtiers, in gallant array,
Much musing and marvelling who it might be,
That was smoking his pipe by the side of the sea;
But Merlin stepped forth with a greeting right warm,
And then introduced them in order and form.
The Saxons* came first, the pre-eminence claiming,
With scarce one among them but Alfred worth naming.
most famous of the Saxon kings was Alfred.

Pull slyly they looked upon Canute* the bold,
And remembered the drubbing he gave them of old:
Sad Haroldt came last; and the crown which he wore
Had been broken, and trampled in dust and in gore.
Now the sun in the west had gone down to repose,
When before them at once a pavilion arose;
Where Arthur's round table was royally spread,
And illumined with lamps, purple, yellow, and red.
The smell of roast beef put them all in a foment,
So they scrambled for seats, and were ranged in a moment.
The Conqueror J stood up, as they thought to say grace;
But he scowled round the board with a resolute face;
And the company stared, when he swore by the fates,
That a list he would have of their names and estates;§
And lest too much liquor their brains should inspire
To set the pavilion and table on fire,
He hoped they'd acknowledge he counselled right well,
To put out the lights when he tinkled his bell.|[
His speech was cut short by a general dismay;
For William the SecondlF had fainted away,
At the smell of some New Forest Venison** before him;
But a tweak of the nose, Arthur said, would restore him.
But another disturbance compelled him to mark
The pitiful state of poor Henry Beauclerk; ft
Who had fallen on the lampreys with ardour so stout, JJ
That he dropped from his chair in the midst of the rout.
Old Arthur, surprised at a king so voracious,
Thought a saltwater ducking might prove efficacious.
Canute died without children, and the government returned to the
Saxon kings.
t The last of the Saxon kings was Harold II. who was killed in
the battle of Hastings, when William, Duke of Normandy, gained a
decisive victory.
X William I. the Conqueror.
|| The curfew.
1" William II. Rufus.
"Accidentally killed by an arrow while hunting in the New
Forest.
$J Died eating lampreys.

Now Stephen,* for whom some bold barons had carved,f
Said, while some could get surfeited, he was half-starved:
For his arms were so pinioned, unfortunate elf!J
He could hit on no method of helping himself.
But a tumult more furious called Arthur to check it,
''Twixt Henry the Second§ and Thomas-a-Becket.
" Turn out," exclaimed Arthur, " that prelate so free,
And from the first rock see him thrown in the sea."
So they hustled out Becket without judge or jury,
Who quickly returned in a terrible fury.
The lords were enraged, and the ladies affrighted;
But his head was soon cracked in the fray he excited;
When in rushed some monks in a great perturbation,
And gave good King Henry a sound flagellation;
Which so coolly he took, that the president swore,
He ne'er saw such a bigoted milksop before.
But Arthur's good humour was quickly restored,
When to lion-heart Richardll" a bumper he poured;
Whose pilgrim's array told the tale of his toils,
Half-veiling his arms and his Saracen spoils;**
As he sliced up the venison of merry Sherwood,
He told a long story of bold Eobin Hood, ft
Which gave good King Arthur such hearty delight,
That he vow'd he'd make Eobin a round-table knight.
While Merlin to fetch Robin Hood was preparing,
"Stephen, of Bloix.
John Lacklandft was blustering, and vapouring, and swearing,
+ Held in subjection by the barons.
+ And so restricted in his authority, that he had little more than
the name of a king.
"Henry II. Fitz-Empress.
|| Quarrelled with his minister, Thomas-a-Becket, Archbishop of
Canterbury, who was compelled to fly the country; but afterwards
returning, was murdered by some followers of the king; for which
Henry was forced to do penance, and was whipped by the monks a*
Becket's tomb.
II Richard Creur- de-Lion.
'* Returned in a pilgrim's disguise through Europe from his wars
in the Holy Land.
ft In his time lived Robin Hood, the celebrated robber of Sher-
wood Forest.
iJ King John, surnamed Lackland.

And seemed quite determined the roast to be ruling;*
But some stout fellows near him prepared him a cooling;
Who seized him, and held him, nor gave him release,
Till he signed them a bond for preserving the peace.f
While Henry the Third, J dull, contemned, and forsaken,
Sat stupidly silent, regaling on Bacon, §
The First of the Edwards || charmed Arthur with tales
Of righting in Palestine, Scotland, and Wales ft
But Merlin asserted his angry regards,
Recollecting how Edward had treated the Bards.**
The Second, ff whose days in affliction had run,J£
Sat pensive and sad 'twixt his father and son.
But on the Third Ed ward §§ resplendently glance
The blazons of knighthood, and trophies of France j
Beside him his son in black armour appears.
That yet bears the marks of the field of Poictiers.^ffl
From the festival's pomp, and the table's array,
Pale Eichard of Bourdeaux*** turned sadly away;
The thought of that time his remembrance appals,
When Famine scowled on him in Pomfret's dark walls, ttt
Beside him sat Bolingbroke,JJJ gloomy and stern,
Nor dared his dark eyes on his victim to turn;§§§
The wrinkles of care o'er his features were spread,
"Ambitious of absolute power.
And thorns lined the crown that encircled his head.||HJl t Forced by his barons to sign Magna Charta.
J Henry III. of Winchester.
11 Edward I. Longshanks.
IF Gained many victories.
Jt Murdered by his wife's knowledge in Berkeley Castle.
HI] Conquered France in conjunction with his son, the Black
Prince.
