title: The Koukd Table; (part 2 of 2)
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 42
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

HIT The battle of Poictiers.
ttt Killed in Pomfret Castle.
Jtt Henry IV. Bolingbroke.
"Obtained the crown by rebelling against Richard II.
Hil || Was miserable all his reign.

But Harry of Monmouth* some guests had brought in,
Who drank so much liquor, and made such a din,f
(While Arthur full loudly his mirth did disclose
At Falstaff's fat belly and Bardolph's red nose)
That he turned them all out with monarchical pride,
And laid the plumed cap of his revels aside,
And put on the helmet, and breastplate, and shield,
That did such great service on Agincourt's field. §
And now rang the tent with unusual alarms,
For the white and red roses were calling to arms;
Confusion and tumult established their reign,
And Arthur stood up, and called silence in vain.
Poor Harry the Sixth, ^[ hustled, beaten, and prest,
Had his nosegay of lilies** soon torn from his breast;
And, though Margaret, to shield him, had clasped him around, ff
From her arms he was shaken, and hurled to the ground;J J
While Edward of York§§ flourished over his head
The rose's pale blossoms, and trampled the red;
Though Warwick strove vainly the ill to repair,
And set fallen Henry again on his chair.
The children || || of Edward stood up in the fray,
But, touched by cruel Kichard,^ they vanished away;
"Henry V. of Monmouth.
t Led a very dissolute life while Prince of Wales, and kept a set
of drunken companions, to whom Shakspeare has given the names of
Falstaff, Bardolph, &c.
+ Discarded them when he came to be king.
Agincourt.
|| The civil wars of York and Lancaster, of which respective
parties the white and red roses were the emblems.
If Henry VI. of Windsor.
'** Lost the kingdom of France.
ft Supported by his queen, Margaret.
££ Overcome by the York party, and made a prisoner in the Tower.
J5§ Edward IV. raised to the throne by the aid of the Earl of War-
wick; who afterwards quarrelled with Edward, and endeavoured to
restore Henry, but without success.
