title: Paper Money Lyrics
author: Thomas Love Peacock
date: c. 1806-1837
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofthomaslov03peacuoft (The Works of Thomas Love Peacock, ed. Henry Cole, London: Bentley, 1875, vol. III: Poetry; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 43
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; poems 1806-1837; satirical/light pieces included; OCR titles may be garbled

A money-grinding paper mill blows up with such a sound,
As shakes the green geese from their nests for many miles around;
Oh woe to him who seeks the mill pronouncing sternly
"Pay!"
A spell like " open sesame " which evil sprites obey.
The word of power up-blows the mill, the miller disappears:
The shattered fragments fall in showers about the intruder's
ears;
And leave no trace to mark the place of what appeared so great,
But shreds of rags, and ends of quills, and bits of copper-plate.
I love the paper money, and the paper money men;
My hundred, if they go to pot, I fear would sink to ten;
The country squires would cry " Retrench!" and then I might no doubt,
Be sent about my business; yea, even right about.
I hold the paper money men say truly, when they say
They ought to pay their promises, with promises to pay;
And he is an unrighteous judge, who says they shall or may,
Be made to keep their promises in any other way.
The paper money goes about, by one, and two, and five,
A circulation like the blood, that keeps the land alive:
It pays the rent of country squires, and makes them think they thrive,
When else they might be lighting fires to smoke the loyal hive.
The paper money goes about: it works extremely well:
I find it buys me everything that people have to sell:
Bread, beef, and breeches, coals and wine, and all good things
in store,
The paper money buys for me: and what could gold do more!
The promise works extremely well, so that it be but broken:
'Tis not a promise to be kept, but a solemn type and token,
A type of value gone abroad on travel long ago;
And how it's to come back again, God knows, I do not know.
If ignorant impatience makes the people run for gold,
Whatever's left that paper bought must be put up and sold;
If so, perhaps they'll put up me as a purchase of the Crown;
I fear I shan't fetch sixpence, but I'm sure to be knock'd down.
The promise is not to be kept, that point is very clear;
'Twas proved so by a Scotch adept who dined with me last year,
I wish, instead of viands rare, which were but thrown away,
I had dined him on a bill of fare, to be eaten at Doomsday.
God save the paper money and the paper money men!
God save them all from those who call to have their gold again;
God send they may be always safe against a reckoning day
And then God send me plenty of their promises to pay!
