CHAP. III. Of that which past between Don-Quixote and certain Goat-heards. H E was entertained very cheerfully by the Goat-heards, and Sancho ha ving set up Rozinante and his Asse, as well as he could, he presently repaired to the smell of certain peeces of Goat-flesh, that stood boy ling in a Kettle over the Fire; and although he thought in that very moment to try whether they were in season to be translated out of the Kettle into the Stomack, he did omit it, because he saw the Heards take them off the Fire, and spreading certain Sheep-skins, which they had for that purpose on the ground, lay in a trice their rusticall table, and invited the Master and man with very cheerfull minde, to come and take part of that which they had. There sate down round about the skinns six of them, which were all that dwelled in that Fold; having first (using some course complements) placed Don-Quixote upon a Trough, turning the bottome up. Don-Quixote sate down and Sancho stood, to serve the Cup, which was made of horn. His Master seeing him a foot, said, Sancho, to the end thou mayest perceive the good included in wandring Knighthood, and also in what possibility they are, which exercise themselves in any ministery thereof, to arrive briefly to honour and reputation in the World. My will is that thou doest sit here by my side and in company with this good people, and that thou beest one and the very self same thing with me, who am thy Master and naturall Lord, that thou eat in my dish, and drink in the same cup wherein I drink: for the same may be said of Chivalrie that is of Love, to wit, that it makes all things equall. I yeeld you great thanks, quoth Sancho, yet dare I avouch unto you, that so I had therewithall to eat well, I could eat it as well or better standing and alone, then if I sate by an Emperour. And besides, if I must say the truth, me thinks that which I eat in a corner without ceremonies, curiosity, or re spect of any, though it were but bread and an Onion, smacks a great deal better then Turkey-Cocks at other Tables, where I must chew my meat leisurely, drink but little, wipe my hands often, must not neese nor cough though I have a desire, or be like to choake, nor doe other things that solitude and liberty bring with them. So that (good Sir) I would have you convert these honours that you would bestow upon me in re spect that I am an adherent to Chivalry, as I am being your Squire, into things more essentiall & profitable for me then these; & though I remain as thankfull for them, as if they were received, yet doe I here renounce from this time untill the worlds end. For all that thou shalt sit, for the humble shall be exalted; and so taking him by the arm hee forced him to sit down neer himself. The Goat-heards did not understand that Gibbrish of Squires and Knights Errant, and therefore did nothing else but eat and hold their peace, and look on their guests, that tossed in with their fists whole slices, with good grace and stomacks. The course of flesh being ended, they served in on the rugges a great quantity of sheld Akorns, and half a Cheese harder then if it were made of rough-casting, the horne stood not the while idle; for it went round about so often, now full, now empty, much like a Conduit of Noria, [Arcaduzed Noria. p. 76.) And in a trice it emptied one of the two wine bags that ley there in the publique view. After that Don-Quixote had satisfied his ap petite well, he took up a handfull of Akorns. and beholding them earnestly, he began to discourse in this manner. Happy time, and fortunate ages were those, whereon our Ancestors bestowed the title of Golden, not because Gould (so much prized in this our iron age) was gotten in that happy time without any labours, but because those which lived in that time, knew not these two words Thine and Mine: in that holy Age all things were in common. No man needed for his ordinary sustenance to doe ought else then lift up his hand, and take it from the strong Oake, which did liberally invite them to gather his sweet and savory fruit. The cleer Fountains and running Rivers did offer them these savorie and transparent waters in magnificent abundance. In the clifts of Rocks and hollow Trees did the carefull and discreet Bees erect their Commonwealth, offering to every hand without interest, the fertile cropp of their sweetest travails. The loftie Cork-Trees did dismisse of themselves, without any art then that of their native liberality, their broad and light rindes. Wherewithall Horses were at first covered, being susteined by rusticall stakes, to none other end, but for to keep back the inclemencies of the Ayre. All then was peace, all Amitie, and all Concord: as yet the ploughshare presumed not with rude encounter to open and search the compassionate bowels of our first mother; for shee without compulsion offered up, through all the parts of her fertil and spacious bo some, all that which might satisfie, sustein, and delight those children which it then had: Yea it was then that the simple and beautifull young Sheepheardesse went from Valley to Valley, and Hill to Hill, with their haires sometimes plaited, sometime di shevel'd, without other apparell then that which was requisite to cover comelily that which modesty wills, and ever would have concealed. Then were of no request the Attires and Ornaments which are now used by those that esteem the purple of Tyre and the so-many-waies-marterized-Silk so much: but only certain green leaves of Burdocks and Ivie intertexed and woven together; wherewithall perhaps they went as gorgeously and comly deck'd, as now our Court-dames with all their rare and out landish inventions that idlenesse and curiosity hath found out. Then were the amo rous conceits of the minde, simply and sincerely delivered, and imbellished in the very form and manner that she had conceived them, without any artificiall contexture of words to indeer them: Fraud, Deceipt, or Mallice had not then medled themselves with Plainnesse and Truth: Justice was then in her proper terms, Favour daring not to trouble or confound her, or the respect of profit, which doe now Prosecute, Blem ish, and disturb her so much. The Law of Corruption, or taking Bribes had not yet possest the understanding of the Judge; for then was neither Judge, nor person to be judged. Maidens and Honesty wandred then, I say, where they listed, alone signio rizing secure, that no Stranger, Liberty, or Lascivious intent could prejudice it, or their own native desire or will any way indamage it. But now in these our detestable times no damzel is safe, although she be hid and shut up in another new Labyrinth, like that of Creet; for even there it self the amorous Plague would enter, either by some cranie, or by the aire, or by the continuall urgings of cursed Care, to infect her. For whose protection and security was last instituted, by successe of times, the order of Knigh-hood, to defend Damzels, protect Widows, and assist Orphans and di stressed Wights. Of this Order am I, friends, Goatheards, whom I doe heartily thank for the good entertainment which you doe give unto me and my Squire: for although that every one living is oblieged by the Law of Nature, to favour Knights Errant; yet notwithstanding, knowing that you knew not this Obligation, and yet did receive and make much of me, it stands with all reason that I doe render you thanks with all my heart! Our Knight made this long Oration (which might have been well excused) because the Achorns that were given unto him, called to his minde the golden World: and therefore the humour took him to make the Goat-heards that unprofitable discourse, who heard him all amazed and suspended with very great attention all the while. San cho likewise held his peace, eating Acorns, and in the mean while visited very often the second wine-bagg, which, because it might be fresh, was hanged upon a Cork-Tree. Don-Quixote had spent more time in his Speech then in his Supper; at the end whereof one of the Goat-heards said, To the end that you may more assuredly know, Sir Knight Errant, that we doe entertain you with prompt and ready will, wee will likewise make you some pastime, by hearing one of our companions sing, who is a Heard of good un derstanding, and very amorous withall, and can besides read and write, and playes so well on a Rebeck, that there is nothing to be desired. Scarce had the Goat-Heard ended his Speech, when the sound of the Rebeck touched his ear, and within a while after he arrived that played on it, being a youth of some twenty years old, and one of a very good grace and countenance. His fellows demanded if he had supped, and answer ing that he had; he which did offer the courtesie, said, then Anthony thou mayest doe us a pleasure by singing a little, that this Gentleman our Guest may see, that we enjoy amid'st these Groves and Woods, those that know what Musick is: we have told him already thy good qualities, and therefore we desire that thou shew them, to verifie our words. And therefore I desire thee by thy life, that thou wilt sit and sing the Ditty which thy Unkle the Prebendary made of thy Love, and was so well liked off in our Village. I am content, quoth the youth, and without further intreaty, sitting down on the trunk of a lopped Oak, he turned his Rebeck, and after a while began with a sin gular good grace to sing in this manner. I Know Olalia thou dost me adore! Though yet to mee the same thou hast not said: Nor shown it once, by one poore glaunce or more Since love is soonest by such tongues bewray'd. Yet 'cause I ever held thee to be wise, It mee assures thou bearest mee good will; And hee is not unfortunate that sees How his affections are not taken ill. Yet for all this, Olalia 'tis true! I, by observance, gather to my woe; Thy mind is fram'd of brasse, by Art undue, And flint thy bosom is, though it seem snow; And yet amidst thy rigors, Winter-face And other shifts, thou usest to delay me, Somtimes hope, peeping out, doth promise Grace; But, woe is mee, I feare 'tis to betray mee. Sweetest! once in the ballance of thy minde, Poise with just weights my Faith, which never yet Diminisht, though disfavour it did finde; Nor can increase more, though thou favord'st it: If Love be courteous (as some men say) By thy humanity I must collect My hopes, hows'ever thou dost use delay, Shall reap, at last, the good I doe expect. If many services bee of esteeme Or pow'r to render a hard heart benign; Such things I did for thee, as make mee deems I have the match gain'd, and thou shalt be mine; For if at any time thou hast tane heed, Thou more then once might'st view how I was clad, To honour thee on Mondaies with the Weed Which, worn on Sondaies, got mee credit had. For Love and Brav'ry still themselves consort, Because they both shoote ever at one end; Which made mee when I did to thee resort Still to bee neat and fine I did contend: Here I omit the daunces I have done, And Musicks I have at thy Window given; When thou didst at Cock-crow listen alone, And seem'dst, hearing my voice, to be in Heav'n. I doe not, eke, the praises here recount Which of thy beauty I so oft have said; Which though they all were true, were likewise wont To make thee (Enuious!) me for spight upbraid, When to Teresa, shee of Berrocal, I, of thy worths discourse, did somtime shape: Good God! quoth shee, you seem an Angels thrall, And yet, for Idoll, you adore an Ape. Shee to her Bugles thanks may give and chains, False haires, and other shifts that shee doth use To mend her beauty, with a thousand pains And guiles, which might loves very self abuse. Wroth at her words, I gave her streight the lie, Which did her and her Cousin so offend; As mee to fight hee challeng'd presently, And well thou know'st of our debate the end: I meane not thee, to purchase at a clap, Nor to that end doe I thy favour sue, Thereby thine honour either to intrap, Or thee perswade to take courses undue. The Church hath bands which doe so surely hold, As no silk string for strength comes to them neer; To thrust thy neck once in the yoake bee bold. And see if I, to follow thee, will fear. If thou wilt not, here solemnly I Vow By holliest Saint, enwrapt in precious Shrine, Never to leave those hils where I dwell now, If't bee not to become a Capucine. Here the Goat-heard ended his Ditty, and although Don-Quixote intreated him to sing somwhat else. yet would not Sancho Panca consent to it; who was at that time better disposed to sleep then to heare Musick: and therefore said to his Master, you had better provide your self of a place wherein to sleep this night then to heare Music, for the labour that these good men indure all the day long, doth not permit that they likewise spend the night in singing. I understand thee well enough Sancho, answered Don-Quixote, nor did I thinke lesse, but that thy manifold visitations of the wine-bottle, would rather desire to bee recompenced with sleepe then with Music. The Wine liked us all well, quoth Sancho, I doe not denie it, replyed Don-Quixote, but goe thou and lay thee downe where thou pleasest, for it becomes much more men of my profession to watch then to sleepe. Yet notwithstanding it will not bee amisse to lay somwhat againe to mine eare, for it grieves mee very much. One of the Goat-heards beholding the hurt, bad him bee of good cheere, for hee would apply a remedy that should cure it easily. And taking some Rosemary leaves of many that grew thereabouts, hee hewed them, and after mixed a little salt among them, and applyed this Medecine to the eare, hee bound it up well with a cloth, assuring him that he nee ded to use no other Medecine, as it proved after in effect.