CHAP. VI. Of the pleasant and curious search made, by the Curate and the Barbar of Don-Quixotes Library. W HO slept yet soundly. The Curate sought for the keyes of the Libra ry, the only authors of his harme; which the Gentlemans Niese gave unto him very willingly: All of them entred into it, and a mong the rest the old woman, wherein they found more then a hun dred great Volumes, and those very well bound, beside the small ones. And as soone as the old woman had seene them, shee depar ted very hastily out of the chamber, and eftsoones returned with as great speed, with a holy-water pot and a sprinkler in her hand, and said; Hold Master Licentiate and sprinkle this chamber all about, lest there should lurke in it some one Inchanter of • he many which these bookes contain, and cry quittance with us for the penalties wee meane to inflict on these Bookes, by banishing them out of this world. The simplicitie of the good old woman caused the Licentiat to laugh: who comman ded the Barber to fetch him down the Books from their shelves, one by one, that hee might peruse their Arguments; for it might happen some to bee found, which in no fort deserved to bee chastised with Fire. No, replyed the Niese, no; you ought not to pardon any of them, seeing they have all beene offenders; it is better you throw them all into the base Court, and there make a pile of them, and then set them a Fire; if not, they may bee carried into the yard, and there make a bon-fire of them, and the smoak will offend no body; the old woman said as much, both of them thirsted so much for the death of these Innocents, but the Curate would not condiscend thereto, untill he had first read the Titles, at the lest, of every booke. The first that Master Nicholas put into his hands, was that of Amadis of Gaule; which the Curate perusing a while, this comes not to mee first of all others without some mystery: for as I have heard told, this is the first Book of Knighthood that ever was printed in Spain, and all the others have had their beginning and originall from this; and therefore methinks that we must condemn him to the fire, without all remission, as the Dogmatizer and head of so bad a Sect. Not so, fie quoth the Barber, for I have heard that it is the very best contrived book of all those of that kinde; and therefore he is to be pardoned, as the only compleat one of his profession. That is true replied the Curate, and for that reason we doe give him his life for this time. Let us see that other which lyes next unto him. It is, quoth the Barber, The [Las S • rgas pag. 73.] Adventure of Splandian Amadis of Gaules lawfully begotten son: Yet on mine ho nesty, replyed the Curate, his fathers goodnesse shall nothing avail him, take this book old Masters and open the window, throw it down into the yard, and let it lay the foun dation of our heap for the fire we mean to make. She did what was commanded with great alacrity, and so the good Splandian fled into the yard, to expect with all patience the fire, which he was threatned to abide. Forward quoth the Curate. This that comes now, said the Barber, is Amadis of Greece; and as I conjecture, all those that lye on this side are of the same linage of Amadis. Then let them goe all to the yard, quoth the Curate, in exchange of burning Queen Pintiquinestra, and the Sheepheard Darinel, with his Eglogues, and the subtle and intricate Discourses of the Author, which are able • o intangle the father that ingendred me, if he went in form of a Knight Errant. I am of the same opinion, quoth the Barber: And I also, said the Niese. Then since it is so, quoth the old wife, let them come, and to the yard with them all. They were ren dred all up unto her, which were many in number: wherefore, to save a labour of go ing up and down the stairs, she threw them out at the window. What bundle is that, quoth the Curate? This is, answered Master Nicholas, Don Olivante of Laura. The authour of that booke, quoth the Curate composed likewise The Garden of flowers, and in good sooth I can scarce resolve which of the two works is truest, or to speake better, is lesse lying: onely this much I can determine; that this must goe to the yard, being a booke foolish and arrogant. This that followes is Flo rismarte of Hircania, quoth the Barber. Is Lord Florismarte there? then replyed the Curate; then by mine honesty he shall briefly make his arrest in the yard, in despight of his wonderfull birth and famous Adventures; for the drouth and harshnesse of his stile deserves no greater favour. To the yard with him, and this other (good Masters.) with a very good will, quoth old Mumpsimus; and streight way did execute his com mandement with no small gladnesse. This is Platyr (quoth the Barber.) It is an an cient book replyed the Curate, wherin I finde nothing meriting pardon; let him, with out any reply, keep company with the rest. Forthwith it was done. Then was another book opened, and they saw the title thereof to be The Knight of the Crosse. For the holy title which this book beareth, quoth the Curate, his ignorance might be pardoned: but it is a common saying, The Devill lurks behinde the Crosse: wherefore let it goe to the fire. The Barber taking another book, said; This is The Mirror of Knighthood. I know his worship well, quoth the Curate. There goes among those books, I see, the Lord Raynold of Montalban with his friends and companions, all of them greater Theeves then Cacus, [A Theefe that used to steal Cattell, and pull them backward, by the tayles, that none might trace them] and the twelve Peers of France, with the Historiogra pher Turpin. I am in truth about to condemn them only to exile, for as much as they contain some part of the famous Poet Matthew Boyardo his invention. Out of which the Christian Poet Lodovick Ariosto did likewise weave his work, which if I can finde among these, and that he speaks not his own native tongue, I'le use him with no respect; but if he talk in his own language, I will put him, for honours sake, on my head. If that be so, quoth the Barber, I have him at home in the Italian, but cannot understand him. Neither were it good you should understand him, replyed the Curate; and here we would willingly have excused the good Captain that translated it into Spanish, from that labour, or bringing it into Spain, if it had pleased himself. For he hath deprived it of much naturall worth in the translation; a fault incident to all those that presume to translate Verses out of one language into another: for, though they imploy all their industry and wit therein, they can never arive to the height of that Primitive conceit, which they bring with them in their first byrth. I say therefore that this booke, and all the others that may bee found in this Library, to treate of French affaires, bee cast and deposited in some drie Vault, untill wee may determine with more deliberation, what wee should doe with them: alwaies excepting Bernardo del Carpio, which must bee there amongst the rest, and another called Roncesualles; for these two coming to my hands, shall bee rendred up to those of the old guardian, and from hers into the fires, without any remission. All which was confirmed by the Barbar, who did ratifie his Sentence, holding it for good and discreete, because hee knew the Curate to bee so ver tuous a man, and so great a friend of the truth, as he would say nothing contrary to it for all the goods of the world. And then opening another booke, he saw it was Palmerin de Oliva, neere unto which stood another, intituled Palmerin of England: which the • icenciat perceiving, said let Oliva be presently rent in pieces, and burned in such sort, that even the very ashes there of may not be found: and let Palmerin of England be preserved, as a thing rarely de lectable, and let such another box as that which Alexander found among Darius spoyls, and depured to keep Homers works, be made for it: for gossip this booke hath suffici ent authority for two reasons; the first, because of it self it is very good and excellent ly contrived; the other, for as much as the report runnes, that a certain discreet King of Portugal was the author thereof. All the Adventures of the Castle of Miraguarda, are excellent and artificiall. The discourses very cleere and courtly, observing ever more a decorum in him that speaks, with great propriety and conceit, therefore I say Master Nicholas, if you think good, this and Amadis de Gaule may bee preserved from the fire; and let all the rest without farther search or regard perish. In the devills name doe not so, gentle gossip (replyed the Barbar) for this which I hold now in my hand is the famous Don Belianis: What hee? quoth the Curate, the second, third and fourth part thereof have great neede of some Ruybarbe to purge his excessive choller, and wee must moreover take out of him all that of the Castell of Fame, and other im pertinencies of more consequence. Therefore wee give them a terminus Vltramarinus, and as they shall bee corrected, so will wee use Mercy or justice towards them; and in the meane space Gossip, you may keepe them at your house, but permit no man to read them. I am pleased, quoth the Barbar, and being unwilling to tyre himself any more by reading of Titles, hee bad the old woman to take all the great volumes, and throw them into the yard; the words were not spoken to a Mome or deaf person, but to one that had more desire to burn them then to weave a peace of Linnen, were it ne ver so great and fine; and therefore taking eight of them together, shee threw them all out of the window, and returning the second time, thinking to carry away a great ma ny at once, one of them fell at the Barbers feet, who desirous to know the Title, saw that it was the Historie of the famous Knight Tirante the white. Good God, quoth the Curate with a loud voice, is Tirante the white here? Give mee it Gossip, for I make account to find in it a Treasure of delight. and a copious Mine of pastime. Here is Don Quireleison of Montalban, a valiant Knight, and his brother Thomas of Montal ban, and the Knight Fonseca, and the combat which the valiant Detriante fought with Alano, and the witty conceits of the damzell Plazerdeminida, with the love and guiles of the widow Reposada, and of the Empresse enamoured on her Squire Ipolite. I say unto you gossip, that this booke is for the stile, one of the best of the world; in it Knights doe eate and drinke and sleepe, and die in their beds naturally, and make their testaments before their death; with many other things, which all other bookes of this subject doe want, yet notwithstanding, if I might bee Judge, the Author thereof de served, because hee purposely penned and writ so many follies, to bee sent to the Gal lies for all the dayes of his life. Carie it home and read it, and you shall see all that I have said thereof to bee true. I beleeve it very well, quoth the Barber. But what shall wee doe with these little bookes that remaine? These as I take, said the Curate are not bookes of Knighthood, but of Poetry; and opening one, hee perceived it was The Diana of Montemayor, and beleeving that all the rest were of that stampe, hee said, these deserve not to bee burned with the rest, for they have not, nor can doe so much hurt as bookes of Knighthood, being all of them works full of understanding and con ceits, and doe not prejudice any other. O good Sir, quoth Don-Quixote his Niese, your reverence shall likewise doe well to have them also burned, lest that mine Uncle af ter h •• bee cured of his Knightly disease, may fall, by reading of these, in an humor of becomming a Sheepheard, and so wander through the woods and fields, singing of Rounde layes; and playing on a Crowd; and what is more dangerous then to become a Poet? which is as some say, an incurable and infectious disease. This maiden saies true, quoth the Curate, and it will not bee amisse to remove this stumbling block and occasi on out of our friends way; and since wee begin with the Diana of Montemayor, I am of opinion that it bee not burned, but only that all that which treates of the wise Feli cia, and of the inchanted water bee taken away, and also all the longer verses, and let him remaine with his Proses, and the honour of being the best of that kinde. This that followes, quoth the Barber, is the Diana called the second, written by him of Sala manca, and this other is of the same name, whose Author is Gil Polo. Let that of Sala manca answered Master Parson, augment the number of the condemned in the yard, and that of Gil Polo bee kept as charity, as if it were Apollo his owne worke: and goe forward speedily good Gossip, for it growes late. This booke, quoth the Barber, ope ning of another is, The twelve bookes of the fortunes of Love, written by Anthony L • fra so, the 〈◊〉 Poet. By the holy Orders which I have received, quoth the Curate; since Apollo was Apollo, and the Muses Muses, and Poets Poets, was never writ ten so delightful band extravagant a worke as this; and that in his way and vaine, it is the only one of all the bookes that have everissued of that kinde to view the light of the world, and hee that hath not read it may make account that hee hath never read matter of delight. Give it to men Gossip, for I doe prize more the finding of it, then I would the gift of a Ca •• ocke of the best sate in of Florence and so with great joy bee laid it a side, and the Barbar prosecuted, saying, these that follow bee, The Sheepheard of I • e •• , The Nymphs of Enares; and the Rec •• ing of the 〈◊〉 . Then there is no more to bee done but to deliver them up to the secular arm of the old wife, and doe not de mand the reason, for that were never to make an end. This that comes is The Sheep heard of Filida. That is not a Sheepheard, quoth the Curate, but a very compleat Courtier, let it bee reserved as a precious jewell, This great one that followes, is, said the Barber intituled • The Treasure of divers Poems; If they had not beene so many, re plyed the Curate, they would have beene more esteemed. It is necessary that this book bee carded and purged of certain base things, that lurke among his high conceits. Let Him bee kept, both because the Author is my very great friend, and in regard of other more Heroicall and lost in works hee hath written. This is, said the Barber, The ditty booke of Lopez Maldonad • . The Author of that worke is likewise my great friend, re plyed the Parson, and his lines pronounced by himselfe doe ravish the hearers, and such is the sweetnesse of his voice when hee sings them, as it doth enchant the eare. Hee is somwhat prolix in his Eglogues, but that which is good, is never superfluous; let him bee kept among the choysest. But what booke is that which lies next unto him? The Galatea of Michael Cervantes quoth the Barber. That Cervantes, said the Curate, is my old acquaintance this many a yeere, and I know hee is more practised in misfortunes then in verses: His booke hath some good invention in it, hee intends and propounds somwhat, but concludes nothing; therefore wee must expect the second Part, which hee hath promised, perhaps his amendment may obtaine him a generall remission, which until now is denied him; and whilest we expect the sight of his second work, keep this part closely imprisoned in your lodging. I am very well content to do so, good Gossip, said the Barber; and here there come three together, The Auracana of Don Alonso de Ercilla, The Austriada of Iohn Ruffo, one of the Magistrates of Cordova, and The Monserrato of Christopher de Virnes, a Valentian Poet. All these three books, quoth the Curate, are the best that are written in heroicall verse in the Castilian tongue, and may compare with the most famous of Italy: reserve them as the richest pawns that Spain enjoyeth of Poetry. The Curate with this grew weary to see so many books, and so he would have all the rest burned at all adventures. But the Barber ere the Sentence was given had opened by chance one entituled The Tears of Angelica. I would have shed those tears my self, said the Curate, if I had wittingly caused such a book to bee burned; for the Author thereof, was one of the most famous Poets of the World, not only of Spain: And was most happy in the translation of certain Fables of Ovid.