CHAP. XXV. Of the falling out of Don-Quixote and the Goat-heard: with the adventure of the disciplinants, to which the Knight gave end to his cost. T He Goat-heards tale bred a generall delight in all the hearers, but specially in the Canon, who did very exactly note the manner wherewithall he delivered it, as different from the stile or discourse of a rude Goat-heard, as approaching to the discretion of a perfect Courtier; and therefore he said, that the Curate had spoken very judiciously, in affirming that the woods bred Learned men: all of them made boun tifull tenders of their friendship and service to Engenio, but he that enlarged himself more then the rest, was Don-Qui xote, who said unto him, Certes, friend Goat-heard, if I were at this time able to undertake any adventure, I would presently set forward, and fall in hand with it to doe you a good turn, and I would take Leandra out of the Monastery (wherein without doubt she is restrained against her will) in despight of the Lady Abbesse, and all those that should take her part; and would put her into your hands, to the end you might dispose of her at your pleasure, yet still observing the Lawes of Knight-hood which command, that no man doe any wrong, and offer violence unto a Damzell: yet I hope in our Lord God, that the skill of a malicious inchanter shall not be of such force, but that the science of a better meaning wizard shall prevaile against him; and whensoever that shall befall, I doe promise you my helpe and favour, as I am bound by my profession, which cheifly consists in asisting the weak and distressed. The Goat-heard beheld him, and seeing the Knight so ill arrayed, and of so evil-favoured a countenance, he wondred, and questioned the Barber, who sate neere to him, thus: I pray you, Sir, who is this man, of so strange a figure, and that speaks so odly? Who else should he be, answered ehe Barber, but the famous Don-Quixote of the Mancha, the righter of wrongs, the redresser of injuries, the protector of Dam zels, the affrighter of Giants, and the overcommer of battels? That which you say of this man, answered the Goat-heard, is very like that which in Books of Chivalry is written of Knights Errant; who did all those things which you apply to this man: and yet I beleeve that either you jest, or else that this Gentlemans head is voyde of braines. Thou art a great villaine, said Don-Quixote, and thou art he whose pate wants braines; for mine is fuller then the very, very whores that bore thee; and saying so, and snatching up a loaf of bread that stood by him, he raught the Goat-heard so furious a blow withall, as it beat his nose flat to his face: but the other, who was not acquainted with such jests, and saw how ill he was handled, without having respect to the Carpet, Napkins, or those that were eating, he leaped upon Don-Quixote, and taking hold of his coller with both the hands, would certainly have strangled him, if Sancho Panca had not arrived at that very instant, and taking him fast behind, had not thrown him backe on the Table, crushing dishes, breaking glasses, and shed ding, and overthrowing all that did lie upon it. Don-Quixote seeing himself free, returned to get upon the Goat-heard, who all besmeared with blood, and trampled to peeces under Sancho's feet, groped here and there groveling as he was for some knif or other, to take a bloody revenge withall, but the Canon and Curate prevented his purpose; and yet, by the Barbers assistance, he got under him Don-Quixote, on whom he rained such a showre of buffets, as he powred as much blood from the poor Knights face, as had done from his owne. The Canon and Curate were ready to burst for laughter: the Troupers danced for sport; every one hissed, as men use to doe when Dogs fall out, and quarrell together: onely Sancho Panca was wood, be cause he could not get from one of the Canons Serving-men, who withheld him from going to helpe his Master. In conclusion, all being very merry, save the two Buffetants, that tugged one another extremely, they heard the sound of a Trumpet, so dolefull, as it made them turne their faces towards that part from whence it seemed to come. But hee that was most troubled at the noyse thereof, was Don-Quixote, who although hee was under the Goatheard full sore against his Will, and by him exceedingly bruised and battered, yet said unto him; Brother Devill (for it is impossible that thou canst bee any other, seeing that thou hast had valour and strength to subject my forces) I pray the let us make truce for one only houre; for the dolorous sound of that Trumpet which toucheth our Eares, doth (mee thinks) invite mee to some new Adventure. The Goateheard, who was weary of buffeting, and being beaten, left him off inconti nently, and Don-Quixote stood up, and turned himselfe towards the place from whence he imagined the noyse to proceede, and presently hee espyed descending from a certaine height many men apparelled in white like disciplinants. The matter in deed was, that the clowds had that yeer denied to bestow their deaw on the Earth, and therefore they did institute Rogations, Processions, and Disciplines, throughout all that Countrey, to desire Almighty God to open the hands of his Mercy, and to be stowe some Rain upon them. And to this effect, the People of a Village, neere unto that place, came in Procession to a devout Eremitage, builded upon one of the Hills that invironed that Valley. Don-Quixote noting the strange attyre of the Disciplinants, without any calling to memorie how hee had often seen the like before, did forthwith imagine that it was some new Adventure, and that the tryall thereof only appertayned to him, as to a Knight Errant; and this his presumption was fortified the more, by beleeving that an Image which they carried all covered over with black, was some principall Lady whom those miscreants and discourteous Knights did beare away perforce. And assoone as this fell into his braine, hee leaped lightly towards Rozinante, that went feeding up and downe the Plaines, and dismounting from his pummell the bridle, and his Target that hanged thereat, hee bridled him in a trice; and taking his Sword from Sancho, got instantly upon his horse, and then imbracing his Target, said in a loud voice to all those that were present: You shall now see, O valorous company; how important a thing it is, to have in the world such Knights as professe the order of Chivalrie errant. Now I say, you shall discerne by the freeing of that good Ladie, who is there caryed Captive a way, whether Knights Adventurous are to bee held in prize; and saying so, hee struck Rozinante with his heeles (for spurres hee had none) and making him to gallop (for it is not read in any part of this true Historie, that Rozinante did ever passe one formall or full careere) hee posted to encounter the Disciplinants, although the Curate, Canon and Barber did what they might to withhold him, but all was not possible, and much lesse could hee bee deteined by these outcryes of Sancho, saying whither doe you goe, Sir Don-Quixote? What Devills doe you beare in your Breast, that incite you to run thus against the Catholique Faith? See Sir, unfortunate that I am, how that is a Pro cession of Disciplinants, and that the Lady whom they beare, is the blessed Image of the immaculate Virgin: Looke Sir what you doe, for at this time it may well bee said, that you are not you know what. But Sancho laboured in vaine; for his Lord rode with so greedie a desire to encounter the white men, and deliver the moorning Lady, as he heard not a word, and although hee had, yet would hee not then have returned back at the Kings commandement. Being come at last, neere to the Procession, and stopping Ro zinante (who had already a great desire to rest himselfe a while) hee said with a trou bled and hoarse voice; O you that cover your faces, perhaps because you are not good men, give eare and listen to what I shall say. The first that stood at this alarm, were those which carried the Image; and one of the foure Priests which sung the Letanies, beholding the strange shape of Don-Quixote, the leanenesse of Rozinante, and other circumstances worthy of laughter, which hee noted in our Knight, returned him quick ly this answere; Good Sir, if you would say any thing to us, say it instantly, for these honest men, as you see, are toyled extremely, and therefore wee cannot, nor is it rea son wee should stand lingring to heare any thing, if it bee not so briefe as it may bee de livered in two words; I will say it in one, said Don-Quixote, and it is this; That you doe forthwith give liberty to that beautifull Lady, whose teeres and pittifull semblanco cleerely denote that you carry her away against her. Will, and have done her some nota ble injury; and I, who was born to right such wrongs, will not permit her to passe one step forward, untill she be wholly possessed of the freedom she doth so much desire and deserve. All those that overheard Don-Quixote, gathered by his words that he was some distracted man, and therefore began to laugh very heartily, which laughing seemed to add gun-powder to his choler; for laying his hand on his Sword, without any more words, he presently assaulted the Image-carriers; one whereof, leaving the charge of the burthen to his fellowes, came out to encounter the Knight with a wooden forke (whereon he supported the Beere whensoever they made a stand) and receiving upon it a great blow which Don-Quixote discharged at him, it parted the Forke in two; and yet hee with the peece that remained in his hand, returned the Knight such a thwack up on the shoulder, on the Sword side, as his Target not being able to make resistance a gainst that rusticall Force, poore Don-Quixote was overthrowne to the ground, and ex tremely bruised. Sancho Panca (who had followed him puffing and blowing as fast as hee could) seeing him overthrown, cried to his adversarie that hee should strike no more; for hee was a poor inchanted Knight that had never all the dayes of his life done any man harme; but that which detained the Swain was not Sancho's out-cries, but to see that Don-Quixote stirred neither hand nor foot; and therefore beleeving that hee had slain him, hee tucked up his Coat to his girdle as soon as hee could, and fled away thorow the Fields like a Deer. In the mean while Don-Quixotes Companions did hasten to the place where hee lay, when those of the Procession seeing them (but principally the Troopers of the Holy-Brotherhood with their Cross-hows) runne towards them, did fear some disastrous successe; and therefore they gathered together in a troop about the Image, and lifting up their hoods, and laying fast hold on their Whips, and the Priests on their Tapers, they attended the assault, with resolution both to defend them selves, and offend the assaylants if they might: But Fortune disposed the matter bet ter then they expected; for Sancho did nothing else then throw himself on his Lords Body, making over him the most dolorous and ridiculous lamentation of the world, and beleeving that hee was dead. The Curate was known by the other Curate that came in the procession; and their acquaintance appeased the conceived fear of the two squadrons: The first Curate, in two words, told the other what Don-Quixote was; and therefore hee, and all the crue of the Disciplinants went over to see whe ther the poor Knight were dead or alive; and then might heare Sancho Panca with the tears in his eyes, bewayling him in this manner: O flowre of Chivalrie who hast with one blow alone ended the Career of thy so well bestowed Peers! O renown of this linage, the honour and glorie of all the Mancha! yea, and of all the world be side! which seeing it wanteth thee, shall remain full of miscreants, secure from being punished for their misdeeds! O liberall beyond all Alexanders, seeing thou hast given me only for eight moneths service, the best Island that the Sea doth compasse or ingyrt! O humble to the proud, and stately to humbled, undertaker of perills, in durer of affronts, enamoured without cause, imitater of good men, whip of the evill, enemie of the wicked, and in conclusion Knight Errant, then which no greater thing may be said! Don-Quixote was called again to himself by Sancho his out-cries, and then the first word that ever hee spake was: Hee that lives absented from thee, most sweet Dulcinea, is subject to greater miseries then this: Help me, friend Sancho, to get up into the in chanted Chariot again; for I am not in plight to oppresse Rozinantes Saddle, having this shoulder broken all into peeces. That I will doe with a very good will, my deer Lord, replyed the Squire; and let us return to my Village, with those Gentlemen, which desire your welfare so much; and there wee will take order for some other voyage, which may bee more profitable and famous then this hath been. Thou speakest reasonable Sancho quoth Don-Quixote; and it will be a great wisdome to let over passe the crosse aspect of those Planets that raig • e at this present. The Canon, Curate and Barber commended his resolution: and so having taken delight enough in Sancho Panca's simplicitie, they planed Don-Quixote, as before, in the Team, The Processioners re turning into their former order, did prosecute their way: The Goat-heard took leave of them all: The Troopers would not ride any farther; and therefore the Curate satisfied them for the pains they had taken. The Canon intreated the Curate to let him understand all that succeeded of Don-Quixote, to wit, whether hee amended of his frenzie or grew more distracted; and then hee took leave to continue his Journey. Lastly, all of them departed, the Curate, Barber, Don-Quixote, Sancho Panca; and the good Rozinante only remaining behinde: Then the Wa • man yoked his Oxen, and accommodated the Knight on a Bottle of Hay • and afterwards followed on in his wonted slow manner, that way which the Curate directed. At the end of two dayes they arrived to Don-Quixotes Village, into which they entred about noon: this befell on a Sunday, when all the People were in the Market stead, thorow the middle whereof Don-Quixotes Cart did passe: all of them drew neer to see what came in it, and when they knew their Countrey man they were marvellously astonished: the whilest a little Boy ran home before, to tell the old Wife and the Knights Niece, that their Lord and Uncle was returned very lean, pale, disfigured, and stretcht all along on a bundle of Hay. It would have moved one to compassion, to have heard the lamentations and out cries then rais'd by the two good Women, the blows they gave themselves, and the curses and exe • rations which they powred out against all Books of Knighthood; all which was again renewed, when they saw Don-Quixote himself entred in at their doors. At the news of this his arrivall Sancho Panca's Wife repaired also to get some tydings of her goodman; for she had learned that he was gone away with the Knight, to serve him as his Squire, and as soon as ever she saw her Husband, the question she asked him was, whether the Asse were in health or no? Sancho, answered that he was come in better health then his Master. God be thanked, quoth she, who hath done me so great a favour: but tell me now, friend, What profit hast thou reaped by this thy Squireship? What Peticoat hast thou brought me home? What Shoos for thy little Boyes? I bring none of these things, good wife, quoth Sancho, although I bring o ther things of more moment and estimation. I am very glad of that, quoth his Wife, shew me those things of more moment and estimation, good friend: for I would sayne see them, to the end that this heart of mine may be cheered, which hath been so swolne and sorrowfull, all the time of thine absence. Thou shalt see them at home, quoth Sancho, and therefore rest satisfied for this time; for and it please God, that we travaile once againe to seek Adventures, thou shalt see me shortly after an Earle, or Governour of an Island, and that, not of every ordinary one • neither, but of one of the best in the World. I pray God, Husband, it may be so, (replyed she) for we have very great need of it. But what means that Island? for I understand not the word. Honey is not made for the Asses mouth, quoth Sancho: Wife thou shalt know it in good time, yea, and shalt wonder, to hear the title of Ladyship given thee by all thy Vassals. What is that thou speakest, Sancho, of Lordships, Islands, and Vassalls? Answered Ioane Panca (for so was she called, although her Husband and she were not Knisfolk; but by reason that in the Mancha, the Wives are usually called after their Husbands Sirname) Doe not busie thy self, Ioane, quoth Sancho, to know these things on such a sudden; let it suffice that I tell thee the truth, and therewithall sow up thy mouth. I will onely say thus much unto thee, as it were by the way, that there is no thing in the World so pleasant, as for an honest man to be the Squire of a Knight Er rant, that seeks Adventures. It is very true, that the greatest number of Adventures found out succeeded not to a mans satisfaction so much as he would desire: for of a hundred that are incountred, the ninety and nine are wont to be crosse and untoward ones; I know it by experience, for I have come away my self out of some of them well canvassed, and out of others well beaten. But yet for all that, it is a fine thing to ex pect events, traverse Groves, search Woods, tread on Rocks, visit Castles, and lodge in Innes at a mans pleasure, without paying the Devill a crosse. All these Discourses passed between Sancho Panca, and his wife Ioane Panca, whilst the old woman and Don-Quixotes Niece did receive him, put off his clothes, and lay him down in his ancient bed: he looked upon them very earnestly, and could not con jecture where he was. The Curate charged the Niece to cherish her Uncle very care fully, and that they should look well that he made not the third escape; relating at large all the adoe that they had to bring him home. Here both the women renewed their exclamations: their execreations of all Books of Knighthood here came to be rei terated: here they besought Heaven to throw down into the very Center of the bot tomlesse Pit, the out-cryes of so many lies and ravings: Finally, they remained per plexed and timorous, that they should lose again their Master and Uncle, as soon as he was any thing recovered; and it befell just as they suspected: but the Authour of this History, although he have with all diligence and curiosity inquired after the Acts atcheived by Don-Quixote in his third sally to seek Adventures, yet could he never attaine (at least by authenticall Writings) to any notice of them: Only Fame hath left in the memories of the Mancha, that Don-Quixote after his third escape, was at Saragosa; and present at certain famous Justs made in that Citty; and that therein befell him events most worthy of his valour and good wit: But of his end he could finde nothing, nor ever should have known ought, if good fortune had not offered to his view an old Phisician, who had in his custodie a leaden Box, which as hee affirmed, was found in the ruines of an old Eremitage, as it was a repayring; in which Box were certaine scroles of Parchment written with Gothicall Characters, but contayning Casti lian verses, which comprehended many of his Acts, and specified Dulcinea of Toboso her beautie; decyphered Rozinante, and intreated of Sancho Panca's fidelitie; as also of Don-Quixotes Sepulchre, with sundry Epitaphs and Elogies of his Life and Man ners, and those that could bee read and copied out throughly, were those that are here set downe by the faithfull Authour of this new and unmatched Relation: Which Authour demands of the Readers no other guerdon, in regard of his huge travaile spent in the search of all the old Records of the Mancha, for the bringing thereof unto light, but that they will daigne to afford it as much credit as discreete men are wont to give unto Bookes of Knighthood, which are of so great Reputation now a dayes in the World; for herewith hee will rest most fully contented, and satisfied; and withall encouraged to publish and seeke out for other Discourses, if not altogether so true as this, at least of as great, both Invention and Recreation. The first words written in the Scrole of Parchment, that was found in the leaden Box, were these. The Academicks of Argamasilla, a Towne of the Mancha, on the Life and Death of the valorous DON-QUIXOTE of the Mancha; hoc scripserunt. An Epitaph of Monicongo the Academick of Argamasilla, to DON-QUIXOTES Sepulcre. THE clattring Thunderbolt that did adorne The Mancha, with more spoyles then Jason Creete: The Wit, whose Wether-cock, was sharp was Thorne, When somewhat flatter it to bee was meete. The Arme which did his powre so much dilate, As it Gaeta and Cathay did retch; The dreadfull'st Muse, and eke discreetest, that In brazen-sheets did prayses ever stretch. Hee that the Amadises left behinde, And held the Gataors but in small esteeme, Both for his braverie and his loving minde. Hee dumb that made Don-Belianis to seeme: And hee that farre on Rozinante err'd, Vnder this frozen stone doth lie interr'd. Paniagando an Academick of Argamasilla, in prayse of DULCINEA of Toboso. SONNET. SHE which you view with triple face and sheene, High-breasted, and couragious, like a man; Is tall Dulcinea of Toboso Queene; Of great Quixote wellbeloved than. Hee, for her sake, treads th'one and th'other side Of the browne Mountaine and the famous Fields Of Montiel and Aran Ivez so wide, On foote, all tyr'd, loaden with Speere and Shield. (The fault was Rozinantes:) O hard starre! That this Manchegan Dame and worthy Knight, In tender yeeres when people strongest are, Shee lost by death the glimpse of beautie bright; And hee, although in Marble richly done, Yet Loves wrath and deceits shee could not shunne. Caprichioso the most ingenious Academick of Ar gamasilla, in praise of Rozinante DON-QUIXOTE his Steed. SONNET. INto the proud erected Diamond stock, Which Mars with bloody plants so often bored, Half wood with Valour, the Manchegan stuck His wav'ring Standard; and his Arms restored: For them thereon hee hung, and his bright Sword, Wherewith hee hacks, rents, parts, and overthrows (New prowesses) to which Art must afford New stiles on this new Palatine to gloze. And if Gaule m • ch her Amadis doth prize Whose brave descendants have illustred Greece, And fild it full of Trophies and of Fame: Much more Bellona's Court doth solemnize Quixote; whose like in Gaule nor Grecia is; So honourd's none, as in Mancha, his name. Let no oblivion his glory stain, Seeing in swiftnesse Rozinant his Steed Even Bayard doth, and Briliador exceed. Burlador Academick of Argamasilla to SANCHO PANCA. SONNET. THis Sancho Panca is of Body little; But yet, O miracle! in Valour great, The simplest Squire, and sooth to say, lest suttle That in this World, I swear liv'd ever yet. From being an Earl, he scarce was a threads bredth, Had not at once conspir'd to crosse his guerdon The malice of the times, and men misled, Which scarce, an Asse incountring, would him pardon. Vpon the like hee rode; O give me leave To tell how this meek Squire after the Horse Milde Rozinante and his Lord did drive! O! then vain hopes of men, what thing is worse? Which proves us, desired case to lend, Yet doe at last in smoaks our glories end. Chachidiablo, Academick of Argamasilla, on DON-QUIXOTE his Tombe. AN EPITAPH. THe worthy Knight lies there Well bruis'd, but evil-andant, Who born on Rozinant Rode waies both farr and neer. Sancho his faithfull Squire, Pansa ycleept also, Lyeth besides him too; In his Trade without Peer. Tiquitoc, Academick of Argamasilla on DULCINEA of Toboso's Sepulchre. AN EPITAPH. DUlcinea here beneath Lies, though of flesh so round, To Dust and Ashes ground By foul and ugly Death. Shee was of gentle breath, And somewhat like a Dame, Being great Quixotes flame, And her Towns glorie, eath. These were the Verses that could bee read: As for the rest, in respect that they were half consumed and eaten away by time, they were delivered to a Scholler, that he might, by conjectures declare their meaning; and wee have had intelligence that hee hath done it, with the cost of many nights watching, and other great paines, and that hee means to publish them; and also gives hope of a third Sallie made by Don-Quixote. FINIS.