title: The Wreck (part 1 of 8)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 148
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

'T WAS a calm summer evening — on the sea
Spread out a perfect mirror, there was seen.
In the bkie hazy distance, one white sail,
That caught the eye of hope and love. She came,
When her light task was ended, to the brow
Of a commanding precipice, that hung
Its dark wall o'er the waters. By the staff,
On which a flag was hoisted, she sat down
In the red sun-light, which, to all below.
Gave a deep tincture to the towering cliff,
And the loose folds, that tremulously waved
In the scarce-breathing sea-wind, and the snow
Of her own tender paleness. She had caught
The sail from the lone cottage ofrher sire;
For she was motherless, and had not known
The name of sister; but her heart was bound
In the affection of a father's heart,

Aiid in the love of one who was not there,
But far upon the ocean. She had been
Nursed tenderly and fondly; for the hand
That reared her in that sohtude wasifuU,
And might have lived in cities, and have been
Courted by the vain crowd, but that he chose
The silence of a distant, wild retreat.
Which left him to the company of books.
And the dear culture of the infant mind.
To which his heart was knit by all the links
That bind us to the cherished and the young,
The gentle and the lovely. He had fled
From a harsh world; and on the ocean's brink.
And in the bosom of romantic hills.
And by the channel of a broken stream,
Had sought communion with the beautiful
And the sublime of Nature; but he still
Nourished the kindest feelings; and in one
Who had from him her life, and was the life
Of his decaying years, he treasured up
All he had ever known of early love
And youth's devoted passion. She had grown.
In her unstained seclusion, bright and pure
As a first opened rose-bud, when it spreads
Its pink leaves to the sweetest dawn of May,
After a night-shower, which had wet the woods
And gardens with the big round drops that hang
Dancing in the fresh breeze, and tremblingly

percival's poems.
Specking the flowers with light. She too had been
Not only shielded from all tint and stain
Of the world's evil, that the first clear stream
Of feeling in her heart still flowed as clear
As when it first ran onward, like a spring
That ever comes from the deep-caverned rock
Flowing in virgin crystal — but her mind
Was lifted by the guidance of a mind
Wrought to habitual greatness, and endued
With the true sense of glory. She was taught
That happiness was in the tender heart
And the waked soul; that the full treasure spread
In beauty o'er the ocean and the earth,
With change of season, and its ever new
And grand or lovely aspect, was enough
To move the heart to rapture, and supply
The food of thought, the never-failing spring
Of sweet sensations and unwasting joys.
But nature still was in her, and she soon
Felt, that the fond afiection of her sire.
And her loved tasks — the study of high thoughts,
Poured out in sainted volumes, which had been
Stamped in the mint of Genius, and had come
Unhurt through darkest ages, bright as gems
That sparkle, though in dust — the skilful touch
Of instruments of music, and the voice
Sweet in its untaught melody, as birds
Clear-warbling in the bushes, but attuned

To the just flow of harmony — the hand
That woke the forms of penciled life, and gave
Its colour to the violet, and its fire
To the dark eye, its blushes to the cheek.
And to the lip its sweetness; or that drew
O'er the pure lawn the silken thread, and wove
The full-leafed vine, and the luxuriant rose,
All petals and vermilion — or the walk
On the rude shore, to hear the rushing waves,
Or view the wide sea sleeping — on the hill
To catch the living landscape, and combine
The miracles of nature in one full
And deep enchantment — or to trace the brook
Up to its highest fountain in the shade
Of a thick tuft of alders, and go down
By all its leaps and windings, gathering there
The forest roses, and the nameless flowers,
That open in the wilderness, and live
Awhile in sweetest loveliness, and die
Without an eye^to watch them, or a heart
To gladden in their beauty— or in that.
The fondest to the pure and delicate,
The gentle deed of charity, the gift
That cheers the widow, or dries up the flow
Of a lone orphan's bitterness, the voice.
The melting voice of sympathy, which heals,
With a far softer touch, the wounded heart,
Than the cold alms dropped by a scornful hand,

That flings the dole it grudges — such but tears
Anew the closed wound open; while the friend,
Who smiles when smoothing down the lonely couch,
And does kind deeds, which any one can do,
Who has a feeling spirit, such a friend
Heals with a searching balsam: — though her days
Passed on in such sweet labours, still she felt
Alone, and there was in her virgin heart
A void that all her pleasures could not fill.
She was not made to waste her years alone,
But the great voice of Nature spake to her.
That loving, and beloved by one like her,
Youthful and beautiful, her heart would find
In the fond interchange of looks and thoughts.
And in the deep anxiety of love.
The measure of her joyous spirit full.
And such an one she found. One Sabbath eve
She sat within an ivied church hard by.
Beside her honoured father, when the choir
Sang their last chant, and the deep organ-peal
Was dying through the twilight vault away;
When the set sun had thrown upon the broad
And chequered window, one full safiVon blaze,
So that the pillars glittered, and the gold
And crimson of the pulpit tapestry
Shone like the clouds that curtained o'er the west.
And seemed to glow, as they were folds of fire
Hung round the dark blue mountains; when the light

Fell through the aisles, and glanced along the seats
So clear, the eye was dazzled, and all forms
Were half intensely bright, and half deep shade —
Then, as the magic sunset, and the place
Hallowed to her pure spirit, and the sounds
Of closing melody, and the calm words,
That asked a blessing on the silent crowd.
Who listened to the prayer with breathless awe —
-\s these came o'er her feelings with a charm
Of most delicious sweetness, when her soul
Caught part of the new energy abroad
In that deep-hallowed mansion, and was far
Ascending to the glory which pervades
The one Eternal Temple — then her eye,
Living with her rapt spirit, chanced to fall
On the bright features of a noble youth.
Whose eye fell full on hers. As if a sense
Of kindred being had at once possessed
