title: The Wreck (part 2 of 8)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 149
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Their spirits, and a sacred fire informed
Their souls with one new life, they looked and loved.
It was the birth of passion — there went forth
From each an influence, that as a chain
Linked their young hearts together. They would turn
Aside their eyes, but in an instant back
They glanced and met; and as they met, they fell
In deep confusion downward. Then their hearts
Beat throbbingly; a blush rose on their cheeks,
Flushing and fading like the changeful play
Of colours on a dolphin. Thus they looked
Few minutes, and then parted; but as back
They sauntered to their several homes, they turned
Momently to behold the lovely thing.
Which, once beloved, grew dearer every time
Their fond eyes met; and when they heard a sound
From lips that long had trembled — when the touch
Thrilled them, and tender words were given in fear,
So that the low voice quivered, and the words
Died half unfinished — it was then beheld
As something more than mortal.
Love went on,
Day after day expanding, like the flower
That closes with the darkness, and awakes
When the new morn awakens. So their love
Caught new life from their often interviews,
And opened, and grew riper; their young hearts
Beat in a truer harmony the more
Their looks were blended, and their words exchanged.
So they passed on in love, a flowery path
Over a fragrant meadow, where all hues
Of loveliness were painted, and all airs
Of fragrance flowing. In the pure blue heaven,
Calm as a summer day, serenity
Smiled ever, and their hearts partook the calm,
That reigned so bright around them. 'T was a timr
Of Eden, such as soon will pass away,
And leave the storm behind it. Not for earth.

b PERCIVAL S POEMS.
Not for the changeful beings, who m sport
Or sorrow dwell amid its thorns and flowers, •
Is this serenity a certain thing,
Above the reach of passion, or the clouds
That chill and darken. They had lived awhile
Most happy, in their pure and innocent love:
They were too young for evil; and they knew
But ill the feeling which pervaded them,
And drew them to each other's side, and made
Their hours of meeting ecstacy. Their play,
Their walks, their books, their talk of other days
And other nations, all that they had gleaned
From nature and from man — these had a zest.
Which they could ill account for; but they knew,
And keenly felt, its happiness. They looked
Affection, but they told it not: their love
Was silent; it grew on through many years.
And ripened as the tender down of youth
Showed the approach of manhood. Then it spake,
And would not be denied. The quiet stream,
Which through its banks of velvet turf and flowers,
Flowed in an unseen channel, with a voice
Low whispering o'er its smooth and sandy bed —
This stream now gathered strength, and checked and bound.
Rushed to its freedom — it could not prevail.
The laws of honor, and the stern behest
Of a false order, chained them, and compelled
Their kindred spirits to a separate path,
And told them they must part, and meet no more.
Her life was humble, and her simple home
Showed little of the greatness which lay hid
Beneath so plain a shelter. Ivied walls,
And woodbines trained to overarch the doors
And windows: some few beds of summer flowers.
And a wild shrubbery, where neatness reigned.
And only checked the too luxuriant growth
Of Nature, but subdued it not; within
A plain well-ordered household, without show
Of wealth or fashion — this concealed from all,
Who were not in the secret, what had marred
The peace of its possessor, and had drawn
The parasite and flatterer to disturb
The rest he sought so earnestly and long.
He found it and was happy. He had marked
The growing fondness of these youthful ones,
And sometimes feared, but did not yet refuse
His sanction to their interviews. No sign
Of aught but common friendship yet had met
His watchful eye; but when he saw the flame
Come forth in energy, and at the time
When love is danger, and if checked not, death —
Then he was filled with fears, and well he knew,
Unless their fondness could be linked by law.
In the pure bond of wedded love, that ruin
Would soon o'ertake them, and his treasured child

10 pebcival's poems.
Be cast on the cold world, its sport and scorn.
Therefore he sought the parents of the youth,
The high and lordly. In their castle hall
They met him, under frowning battlements,
Behind the high-arched gateway, in the midst
Of trophies and of pictures, which revealed
The greatness of their ancestry. Their pride
Was stung by the base offer, and they spurned
The good man from their presence, and pronounced
Their deepest malediction on their son.
If he should ever think of stooping down
From the high perch of his nobility,
To woo and wed with plebians, and those poor.
It soon was ended — with the generous heart
Of a young noble, who has joined the pride
Of lofty birth with all the unchecked force
Of nature, he refused to bend his soul
To the stern mandates of societ3
He loved — loved keenly; and he could not bo\N
To what seemed tyranny, and so he sought
His wonted happiness, at least the bliss
Of mutual tears, and vows of tenderness,
Never to leave their loves, but always cling
To the fixed hope, that there should be a time,
When they could meet unfettered, and be blessed
With the full happiness of certain love.
He sought his usual meeting, but he found
The welcome door closed on him, and was told,
He must away, for though his noble life,
Bright with its many virtues, and high deeds,
Had nought to alienate her father's heart,
Yet their unequal fortunes must forever
Part them, and therefore he must not delay.
He turned with heavy heart, and slowly went.
With often pauses, to the sounding shore.
And, seated on a broken rock, looked long
Over the far blue waters. " I will go,"
He said, after long silence, " I will go
To other lands, and find in other worlds,
Wherewith to quell this passion, if a love
So long and deeply cherished, can be quelled
By time and change. There is no pleasure here;
The cold dead-hearted nuptials, which the great
Seek, in their anxious longing to retain
The show of their once sure ascendency.
Made sure by personal greatness, and the sway
Of a high spirit, and a lofty mind
O'er meaner souls these are my deepest scorn.
My horror, and my loathing, I am one
Who find within me a nobility
That spurns the idle prating of the great.
And their mean boast of what their fathers were,
While they themselves are fools, effeminates.
The scorn of all who know the worth of mi»d
