title: The Wreck (part 3 of 8)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 146
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

And virtue. I have cherished in my heart
A love for one, whose beauty would have charmed

12 percival's poems.
In Athens, and have won the sensual love
Of Eastern monarchs; but to the pure heart,
And the great soul within her, 't is to me
As nothing, and I know what 't is to love
A spiritual beauty, and behind the foil
Of an unblemished loveliness still find
Charms of a higher order, and a power
Deeper and more resistless. Had I found
Such thoughts and feelings, such a clear deep stream
Of mind, in one whom vulgar men had thrown
As a dull pebble from them, I had loved.
Not with a love less fond, nor with a flame
Of less intense devotion. I must go;
I must forget. There is a sense of death
Comes o'er me, when I tear myself away
From one so bright and lovely. Had the Sun
Set in an endless darkness, life had been
Not darker than the journey I must take
Alone, along a hard and thorny way,
Where only interest rules, and faith and love
Are banished, and the cold and heartless crowd
Live, each the other's plunderer, as if life
Were only meant for rapine, and poor man
Were made to prey upon his kindred wretch.
But I must go — only one short adieu,
Only a few fond words, a few dear looks,
One kiss at parting, and our hopes are ended.
We long have dreamed of happiness, long known

percival's poems. 13
Joys which were more than mortal, long have felt
The bliss of mingled hearts and blended souls,
And long have thought the vision was eternal:
It vanishes, and I am now a wretch,
And what will be her sorrows, none can tell."
The sun was setting, and his last rays threw
Bright colours on the clouds that hung around
The moimtains, dimly rising in the west
Over a broad expanse of sheeted gold,
On which a ship lay floating. It was calm —
Her sails were set, but yet the dying wind
Scarce wooed them, as they trembled on the yard
With an uncertain motion. She arose,
As a swan rises on her gilded wings,
When on a lake at a sunset she uprears
Her form from out the waveless stream, and steers
Into the far blue ether — so that ship
Seemed lifted from the waters, and suspended,
Winged with her bright sails, in the silent air.
A voice came from that ship, the voice of joy,
The song of a light heart, and it invoked
The coming of the breeze, to send them forth
Over the rolling ocean. He looked out
On the wide sea, and on the sheeted bay.
And on the rocking vessel; and at once
His purpose was resolved. He must away.
He must to other regions, and there strive
To conquer love so cherished. He drew out

14 pkkcival's poems.
His pencil, and then traced few hurried lines,
Telling her of his absence, and his hope
Of happiness at his return, and yet
Ending it with a fear, that he should never
Cross the wide waters to her: — he too gave
His signal; if perchance a ship drew near,
And bore a pennon on the topmast yard,
White with a heart stamped on it, she might know
He was there, hastening home, and be prepared
To meet him, and be happy. This he took,
And up a narrow valley, hung with trees,
Whose roots clung to the rifted rock, whose boughs
Met, and o'erarched the glade; along the bank
Of a clear stream, that calmly wound its way
Under this verdant canopy, and flowed
Through a fresh turf, and beds of scented flowers —
Up this he took his path, and as he drew
Near to the garden wall, and stood with ear
Attentive to a sound, that came to him
On the still evening air, as if a hymn
Were sung above the clouds, and floated down
Through mist and dews, and softly fell to earth,
Charming the ear of darkness — soon he saw
Beneath a vine bower, seated on a couch
Of closely matted turf, the tender girl.
Where all his wishes centered, and he drew
Silently through the thicket to her side.
She started first in fear, but when she saw

percival's poems. 15
The well-known youth, she deeply blushed and smiled;
Then thinking of his banishment, she dropped
Warm tears of truest sorrow. He, with fond
And feeling voice, consoled her, and renewed
His oft repeated vows, and told of years
Of undisturbed affection — how that time
And truth would conquer, and their love would be
Brighter by their affliction. Though his heart
Ached with the thought of partmg, and was forced
Even to a stern composure, yet he smiled
To make her happy. " We must part awhile;
I must go o'er the sea to other lands;
It is the call of duty; but fear not,
I shall return, and then our loves are sure.
Dream not of danger on the sea — one power
Protects us always, and the honest heart
Fears not the tempest. We must part awhile;
A few short months — though short, they must be long
Without thy dear society; but yet
We must endure it, and our love will be
The fonder after parting — it will grow
Intenser in our absence, and again
Burn with a keener glow, when I return.
Fear not; this is my last resolve, and this
My parting kiss." He put the folded lines
In her soft hand, and kissed her offered lips
Ardently, and then suddenly withdrew
From her embrace, and down the narrow vale

16 percival's poems.
Fled on with hasty footsteps to the shore.
Along the beach he wandered, looking out
Upon the glorious sunset, which arrayed
All things in glory, painting them with gold
And deepest red and azure — over head
The sky was coloured with a purest blue,
And there one star shone forth, the star of love,
His beacon; and it hung above the ship
As if it led him thither. He received
The omen, and went onward. Out at sea
The broad waves heaved, now blue, now green, now tipped
With a gilt foam, and on the unruffled bay
There was a circle round the setting sun
Of a most glittering gold, and as it spread
Farther and farther out, it changed its hue
To a clear glassy silver, till it seemed
Thin air, and the far mountains hung above it
Suspended in the sky. They darkly frowned,
And their long shadows travelled o'er the bay,
As the sun sank still lower, while their ridge
Glowed like a flaming furnace, and a line
Of mottled clouds, that rose behind them, streaming
Into the clear cold North, was dyed with tints,
Like the new rainbow, when it first comes out
From the dark bosom of the thunder cloud,
And spans it with its beauty, or the hues
That veiled Aurora, when she first awolje
