title: The Wreck (part 4 of 8)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 143
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

percival's poems. 17
And sprang from darkness, and with saffron robe
And rosy fingers, drove her fiery car
On over Ida to the higher heaven.
He went amid these glorious things of earth.
Transient as glorious, and along the beach
Of snowy sands, and rounded pebbles, walked,
Watching the coming of the evening tide,
Rising with every ripple, as it kissed
The gravel with a softly gurgling sound,
And still advancing up the level shore.
Till, in his deep abstraction, it flowed round
His foot-prints, and awoke him. When he came,
Where a long reef stretched out, and in its bays
Scooped from the shelving rocks, received the sea,
And held it as a mirror deep and dark.
He paused, and standing then against the ship.
He gave his signal. Soon he saw on board
The stir of preparation; they let down
A boat, and soon her raised and dipping oars
Flashed in the setting light, and round her prow
The gilt sea swelled and crinkled, spreading out
In a wide circle; and she glided on
Smoothly, and with a whispering sound, that grew i
Louder with every dipping of the oars.
Until she neared the reef, and sent a surge
Up through its coves, and covered them with foam.
He stepped on board, and soon they bore him back
To the scarce rocking vessel, where she lay

18 percival's poems.
Waiting the night wind. On the deck he sat,
And looked to one point only, save at times,
When his eye glanced around the mingled scene
Of beauty and sublimity. Meanwhile
The sun had set, the painted sky and clouds
Put off their liveries, the bay its robe
Of brightness, and the stars were thick in heaven.
They looked upon the waters, and below
Another sky swelled out, thick set with stars.
And chequered with light clouds, which from the North
Came flitting o'er the dim-seen hills, and shot
Like birds across the bay. A distant shade
Dimmed the clear sheet — it darkened, and it drew
Nearer. The waveless sea was seen to rise
In feathery curls, and soon it met the ship,
And a breeze struck her. Quick the floating sails
Rose up and drooped again. The wind came on
Fresher; the curls were waves; the sails were filled
Tensely; the vessel righted to her course.
And ploughed the waters; round her prow the foam
Tossed, and went back along her polished sides,
And floated off, bounding the rushing wake,
•'^That seemed to pour in torrents from her stern.
The wind still freshened, and the sails were stretched.
Till the yards cracked. She bent before its force,
And dipped her lee-side low beneath the waves.
Straight out she went to sea, as when a hawk
Darts on a dove, and with a motionless wing

percival's poems. 19
Cuts the light yielding air. The mountains dipped
Their dark walls to the waters, and the hills
Scarce reared their green tops o'er them. One white point,
On which a light house blazed, alone stood out
In the broad sea, and there he fixed his eye,
Taking his last look of his native shore.
Night wore away, and still the wind blew strong,
And the ship ploughed the waves, which now were heaved
In high and rolling billows. All were glad,
And laughed and shouted, as she darted on,
And plunged amid the foam, and tossed it high
Over the deck, as when a strong curbed steed
Flings the froth from him in his eager race.
All had been dimly star-lit, but the moon
Late rising, silvered o'er the tossing sea,
And lighted up its foam-wreaths, and just threw
One parting glance upon the distant shores.
They met his eye — the sinking rocks were bright,
And a clear line of silver marked the hills,
Where he had said farewell. A sudden tear
Gushed, and his heart was melted; but he soon *'#
Repressed the weakness, and he calmly watched
The fading vision. Just as it retired
Into the common darkness, on his eyes
Sleep fell, and with his looks turned to his home,
And dearer than his home — to her he loved,

20 percival's poems.
He closed them, and his thoughts were lost in dreams
Bright and too glad to be realities.
Calmly he slept, and lived on happy dreams,
Till from the bosom of the bomidless sea,
Now spreading far and wide without a shore,
The cloudless sun arose, and he awoke. '.
The sky was still serene, and from the bed
Of ocean darted forth the glowing sun,
And flashed along the waters. On they sailed:
The wind blew steady, and they saw that sun
Rise, and go down, and set, and still it blew
Freshly and calmly. They had left the shore
Long leagues behind them, and the mid-sea now
Bore them upon its bosom on their way
To lands where other flowers and other trees
Dress out the landscape, and where other men
Walk in the light of Heaven. Thither he went,
And none knew, of his kindred, when or where
He had escaped them. They, with anxious quest,
Sought him, and after long and fruitless search
Believed him dead. Awhile they mourned his loss.
As great ones mourn, and then he passed away
Into oblivion, and they filled his^^ace
In their afiections with a gilded toy,
And found their treasures ampler by his death.
Not so with her who loved him; when he fled.
She followed, but soon 'sank beneath the weight
Of deep and sudden sorrow. He had gone

percival's poems. 21
Over the sea; had sought the dangerous wave,
And might be wrecked, or on some distant shore
Lingering a hopeless captive. To that point
Where the flag waved, she often bent her steps,
And gazed upon the ocean earnestly.
Watching each dim speck on the farthest verge
Of sight, and deeming every cloud a sail,
And every wreath of foam her lover's sign.
Two years had gone away, and she had thus
Sought the high cliff at morning, noon, and night,
And gazed in eager longing till her eye
Was fixed and glazed. Her cheek grew thin and pale;
Her form was wasted; and all knew that sorrow
Preyed on the blossom of her health, and eat
Her life away. A little while, and death
Would come to her deliverance. Little know
The cold unfeeling crowd how strong the love,
The first warm love of youth; how long it lives
Unfed and unrequited; how it bears
Absence and cruel scorn, and still looks calm
And patient on the eye, that turns aside.
And shows its studied coldness — how much more
It burns and feeds upon the flame of life,
When it was fully met, and found a heart
As warm and ardent, and as bent to hers,
As hers to him. Youth is the time of love;
All other loves are lifeless, and but flowers
Wreathed round decay, and with a livid hue
