title: The Wreck (part 5 of 8)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 141
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

22 percival's poems.
Blowing upon a grave. The first fresh love
Dies never wholly; it lives on through pain
And disappointment: often when the heart
Is crushed and all its sympathies pressed out,
This lingers, and awakens, and shines bright,
Even on the borders of a wretched grave.
Unhappy he, who throws that gift away;
Unhappy he, who lets a tender heart,
Bound to him by the earliest ties of love,
Fall from him by his own neglect, and die,
Because it met no kindness, and was spurned
Even in the earnest offer. Life soon fades,
And VAdth it love; and when it once has faded,
There is no after bloom, no second spring.
" So passes in the passage of a day
The flower and verdure of our mortal life;
Nor, though the spring renew her fruits and flowers,
Doth it renew its beauty, but it fades
Once and forever. Let us pluck the rose,
In the unclouded morning of this day.
Which soon will lose its bright serenity.
O! let us pluck the first blown rose of love;
Let us love now in this our fairest youth,
When love can find a full and fond return."*
One evening I had wandered by the shore,
Looking upon the ocean, as it lay
Spread in its beauty round me. 'T was a time
For spirits, all had such serenity.
Scarce had a cloud chequered the autumn sky,
That rose above me in a boundless arch
Of purest azure. All the woods were hung
With many tints, the fading livery
Of life, in which it mourns the coming storms
Of winter, and the quiet winds awoke
Faint dirges in their withered leaves, and breathed
Their sorrows through the groves. My heart felt soft
Under their tender influence. I seemed
A sharer in the grief of sighing winds.
And whispering trees. I clomb the rock, and trod
The d3'ing grass that grew upon its brow,
And gazed upon the ocean, now as bright
As in the freshest spring, unchangeable,
Always the same, or onJy to the force
Of calm and tempest yielding, never old.
And never fading; in its wildest storms
Soon to be calm, and when in sheeted light
Spread to the farthest circle of the sky,
Soon to obey the winds, and wake in wrath.
I walked along that rock, and heard the waves
Chafing its foot, and saw the tossing foam
Playing in eddies round it. Then the tide
Had risen, and a wind came from the sea
Curling the little waves, until they broke
In infant surges on the murmuring shore.

24 percival's poems.
The sky grew dark; and, as I homeward turned,
I saw a woman sitting by the staff
On which the signal hmig, with mantle wrapped
Close roimd her, and with eye intently fixed
On an approaching vessel, as it came
Quickly before the wind, and up the bay
Glided. She followed it with earnest look,
Until it turned a distant point, and drew
Dimly behind the hills and vanished. Then
She turned again to sea, and long she looked
On the white curls of foam, as if she saw
A signal there; but yet there was no sail
On the dark waters. With a lingering foot
Back she retired, and, often turning, looked
Still earnestly abroad, and found no hope.
I saw her weep, and faintly hang her head,
As a pale lily hangs, when, filled with rain,
After long summer heat and heavy showers,
It bends upon its withered stalk, and sheds
The unwelcome moisture. Slowly she withdrew
Into a thicket, where a trodden path.
Her daily path, led to her father's home.
He saw her fading cheek; he knew the fire
That wasted her; and with a parent's love
He sought to heal her grief, but only made
The wound still deeper. Comfort cannot soothe
The heart, whose life is centered in the thought
Of happy loves, once known, and still in hope
Living with a consuming energy.
He found remonstrance fruitless, reason vain;
And therefore, with a kindness, which was wise,
He humoured her, and let her seek that rock
Unchecked, and only watched, that nought of harm
Might meet her. So she sought it, when the snow
Mantled it, and the sea was rudely lashed
By the cold north wind; but a father's hand
Was ntfar to guard her. It was now divined.
That he, whom she had loved, had crossed the sea,
And still was living, and would soon return.
Some then were joyous, not with unfeigned joy;
For when they told their hopes, that he would come
From his long wanderings home, they inly felt
A sorrow, which revealed itself, and checked
Often the words of comfort, which they gave
To those, who wept his loss sincerely, those
Who cannot conquer nature, which will make
A child forever dear, and through the clouds,
That vice and selfish greatness cast around.
Sometimes will tiash abroad, and be revealed.
Winter had passed away, and then Spring came.
Lovely as ever, with her crown of flowers.
And dress of verdure. She was decked with smiles.
And as she danced along the springing turf.
New flowers awoke to welcome her, and birds
Hailed her from bush and forest. Then the sea,
Girt by its greener shores, seemed rolling on

26 percival's poems.
With brighter waves, and the sun sparkled there
With an unusual brilliancy. The earth
Was beautiful, and like the seat of Gods,
Or what we dream of Eden; and all hearts
Were sharers in its gladness. Bird and beast
Felt it, and, as they leaped, or as they flew.
They spake their joy; and even the voiceless woods,
Mute in themselves, were vocal with the winds.
And the low murmuring breezes through their boughs
Seemed to speak out their still and quiet bliss.
All hearts were glad with the glad season. One
Alone knew nought of pleasure, and the smiles
Of others were a mockery to her,
And told her of the joy, that once had been.
But was not, and she could not hope, would be.
Hope, by too long deferring, had gone out.
And left her soul in darkness. Still she went
Daily to that one point, rnd there she gazed
Fixedly on the ocean, till her head
Grew dizzy, and her reason almost went;
And then she wandered^ home, and wept away
The fever of her brain. A woodbine grew
Over her window, and its leaves shut out
The light, and now its flowers were opening forth
Their sweetness, and the wind that entered there
Came loaded with its perfume. Once she loved
The tufted flowers, and she inhaled their breath
With a deep sense of gladness; but she now
