title: The Wreck (part 6 of 8)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 144
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

percival's poems. 27
Repelled it as a hateful thing:, and wished
The vine were torn and scattered. Every year
A linnet came, and built her cup-like nest
Within that arbour, and she fed her young,
And sang them to their slumbers, and at dawn
Wakened them with her clear and lively note.
She fed the timid creature, till it grew
Familiar, and would sit upon her hand,
And pick the crumbs she gave itj but she now
Neglected it, and when it came, and sought
Her former kindness, she regarded not
Its fluttering and its song. Her heart was chilled
And dead to all its softer sympathies.
It cherished but one feeling, hopeless love.
Love stronger by endurance, ever growing
With the decay of life and all its powers.
He had been wandering long, and found no rest—-
Nothing could tear the image from his soul,
That dwelt there as an ever present God,
Controlling all his being. He had seen
Nature in a new beauty; and a heart
Free from all other influence, had swelled
Beneath the bright enchantment; but he looked
On all the fair variety around
With a cold eye, because he looked alone,
And felt that what he looked on, was not seen
By one, who had been ever in his walks,
As an attendant spirit, watching all

2S percival's poems.
That lifted him, or soothed him, with a sense
Of kindred awe or pleasure. When alone
He could not mingle with the glorious things
Of Earth and Heaven; he could not pass away
Into the open depths of the far sky,
And dwell among its many-coloured forms
Of cloud and vapour, where they hung the arch,
As with imperial tapestry, and veiled
The throne of the Omnipotent. The Earth,
Now in its newest Spring, all dressed with flowers,
And redolent of roses and of vines
From their wide purple beds, and sunward slopes,
Where the bee murmured, and the early dews
Soon rose in clouds of perfume,' as the dawn
Came o'er the pine-clad mountains, and lit up
A world of present life and ancient ruin,
Where the rose bloomed as brightly, and the vine
Shot forth as heavy cluster and full wreaths
Of ivy twined around each tottering pile,
And mantled arch and column, with its deep
Luxuriant verdure; all that he beheld
Of evergrowing nature and of man.
Whose works are fading, and when they decay,
Have no restoring energy, but drop
Fragment by fragment into utter ruin;
All that had waked in other hearts the love
Of ancient glory, and the proud resolve
To be, as they were, glorious, or had filled

percival's poems. 29
The soul with sorrow, and the eye with tears,
Over their fallen greatness, yet had made
This sorrow partly joyous, by the sight
Of a new life forever springing round them,
And still as fresh and fragrant, as when first
Bright from the quarry, their new temples stood
Proud in the sun, and lifted high their fronts
To the admiring eye of gods and men —
This had to him no pleasure; he could not
Raze out the deep-fixed passion, which so long
Had been his daily happiness, and formed
And fashioned all his studies and his joys
To this one pure enjoyment. Earth was fair,
And Heaven was glorious, when he heard her say,
They were thus fair and glorious; but alone.
They had no form nor colour, and were lost
In one dim melancholy hue of death.
And so with man — he wandered through the crowd
In solitude, that coldest solitude.
Which tortures, while it chills us. They were gay
And busy, but he heeded not; the great
Rolled by him, and were noticed not; the poor
Pleaded, and yet he listened not: — one thought
Alone went with him, and all other things
Stirred round him like the shadows of a dream.
He would not linger thus; he looked to home,
And her who gave to home a double charm.
He was resolved, and soon again the sea

30 percival's poems.
Received him; and for many days the sun
Beheld him steering to his native shore.
'T was a calm summer evening — one white sail
Moved on the silent water, motionless,
Scarce stealing to the shore. She watched that sail,
And followed it with an inquiring eye.
In every tack it took to catch the wind,
Fancying she saw the signal. Slowly on
It came. The glassy ocean seemed to change
At distance into air; and so the ship
Seemed moving like a bird along the sky.
Sometimes it stood athwart her, and the sails,
Hung loosely on the yards, seemed waving lines
Tinged with the sunset; and again it turned
With prow directed to her, and at once
The broad white canvass threw its silvery sheet
Full on her eye, and glittered in the west.
Nearer it came, but slowly; till at length
Its form was marked distinctly, and she caught
Eagerly, as it waved upon a yard
Near the main topmast, what her wearied eye
Had sought so long, and found not. It was there:
The signal, one white pennon, with a heart
Stamped in its centre; and at once her joy
Was speechless and o'erflowing. Fixed, she looked
With trembling earnestness, and down her cheeks
The tears ran fast, and her scarce-moving lips
Had words without a voice. Thus she sat long,
Motionless in the fervour of her joj*^,
Absorbed in one emotion, which had bound
Her form unto her spirit, and had made
All other powers the ministers to thought.
They hurried through her mind, her first fond love,
Its many pleasures, hours of early hope
Unclouded by the fear of coming ill,
And present happiness, which, like the dawn
In the sweet month of May, is full of life,
And yet serene and tranquil, budding out
With blossoms of futurity, and spreading
To the bright eye of Heaven the tender flowers,
Where the young fruit lies hidden, till the sun
Ripen it to its full maturity.
These hurried through her mind, and with them came
Long anxious days, long days of bitterness.
Dark with the fears that weigh upon the heart
Whose love is young and tender, when the chance
Of sea or battle passes o'er the head
Of him who has the secret of her soul.
The sun was setting, and the dazzling orb
Sunk down behind the mountains, darting up
Long rays of golden light into the air,
Like glories round the sacred countenance
In one of Raphael's pictures. All was clear
But one dark cloud, which rose from out the point
Where the storm gathers after sultry days,
And launches forth the lightning. This heaved up
