title: The Wreck (part 7 of 8)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 149
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Its dusky billows, and their tips were tinged
With a bright flame, while all below was dark
Fearfully, and it swelled before the wind,
Like the strong canvass of a gallant ship
Standing before the tempest. It just crowned
The hill at sunset; but it now came on.
First slowly, till it rose upon the air.
Frowning, and threw its shadow o'er the earth.
And flashed intensely; then it seemed to move
With a new pace, and every instant swept
Still farther on the sky, and sent its voice
Deep-roaring with the mingled sound of winds
Amid the shaken forests, and the peals
Re-echoed from the mountains. Now the sea
Darkened beneath its shadow, and it curled
Without a breath, as if it shook in fear
Before the coming tempest. She looked wild,
First on the cloud, then on the ship, which now
Steered to a cove behind a sandy point,
On which the light house stood, but yet the winds
Were light and baffling, and against her course;
And so the sails flapped loosely, and she rocked
Motionless on the crisping waves, and lay
Waiting, a victim, for the threatening storm.
Then, as she looked with an intenser gaze.
She saw the sweeps put out, and every arm
Strained to the effort, but their strength availed not
To send them to a haven. Then her heai't

pkrcival's poems. 33
Sank, and her hopes were darkened, till her form
Shook with her fears. The clouds rolled on the wind
In mingling billows, and the lightnings leaped
From point to point; then in an instant burst
The thunder crash, and one undying roar
Filled the wide air. At last the cold wind came,
And the flag streamed and quivered, and her robes
Flew lightly round her. First short broken waves
Rose on the bay; their tops were white with foam,
And on they hurried, like the darting flight
Of sea-mews when they fly before the storm.
She looked upon the ship; all hands aloft
Took in the sails, and scarcely were they furled.
When the blast struck her. To its force she bowed,
And as the waves rose now with mountain swell,
Upward she sprang, and then she rushed away
Into the gulfy waters. Now the storm
Stood o'er her, and the rain and hail came down
In torrents. All was darkness; through the air
The gushing clouds streamed onward, and they took
The nearest headlands from her straining sight,
And made the sea invisible, but when
A flash revealed it, and she saw the surge
Pouring upon the rocks below, all foam
And fury. What a mingled sound above.
Around her, and beneath her; one long peal
Seemed to pervade the heavens; and one wide rush
Of winds and rain poured by her; and the sound

34 percival's poems.
Of the dashed billows on the rocks below
Rang like a knell. No vessel met her then;
They lit the signal lamp, she saw it not;
They fired the gim, but in the louder roar
Of waters it was drowned, and they were left
Alone to struggle with the warring waves.
A cry went forth, " a ship was on the rocks,"
And hundreds crowded to the shore to aid
The suffering crew, and fires were kindled there,
But all availed not — not a man was saved.
The storm went swiftly by; and soon the winds
Subsided, and the western sky shone out,*
And light glanced o'er the waters. On a reef,
That stretched from off the cliffs along that shore,
The broken wreck lay scattered; and at last
One and another corse came floating up,
But none were saved. They wandered o'er the sands;
And here a bale lay stranded; there an oar.
And there a yard. Just as the cloud had flown
Over the zenith, and the moon shone out
From its dark bosom, she went down the rocks,
And bent her trembling steps along the shore.
The moon looked out in sadness, and her light
Threw a faint glimmering on the broken waves,
And paled the dying watch-fires, as they fell
Flickering away, and showed the fearful looks
Of those who watched the wreck, and stood to save.
The waves still rolled tremendously, and burst

percival's poems. 35
Loud thundering on the rocks: they tossed the foam
High up the hills, and ploughed the moving sands,
Sweeping the fragments forth, then rushing back
With a devouring strength, that cleared the shore.
The west shone fair; the evening star was bright,
And many glittering stars were gathering round,
Set in a deep, dark blue. The distant hills
Showed faintly, and long wreaths of mist arose
Curling around their sides, like cottage smoke
Sent from the hidden valley in the dawn.
O'er all the moon presided, and her face.
Though clear, was darkened, and it filled the heart
Of the beholder with a silent awe.
And a cold heavy sadness. On the sea
Her light descended, and a silver wake
Came from beneath her onward to the shore.
Crossing the bursting waves. The cloud still lay
Dark-rolling in the east, and often sent
Pale flashes forth; and still the thunder growled
Fainter and fainter, as the storm moved on
Over the distant ocean. There the moon
Lit a faint bow, that spanned the cloud, and seemed
Just fading into darkness. All was still,
But the contending waters, and the drops,
Now trickling from the forest leaves, were heard
Pattering upon the grass; and as a sign
That a sure calm had come, the fire-fly lit
Its lamp along the meadows, and the chirp

36 percival's poems.
Of the green locust from the thicket told
How tranquil was the air. A solemn fear
Went through the hearts of all, as they surveyed
The corpses, but their faces all were strange.
They took them from the beach, and decently
Conveyed them to a shelter, there to wait
The last sad offices. Alone she went
Still farther on the shore, until she came
Where a long reef stood out, on which the ship
Was broken; and the very reef where he
First went on board, despairing and resolved.
One feeling led her onward, and sustained
Her wasted body, (which was sinking fast
Beneath the desperate conflict,) with the strength
Of madness, and her easy steps betrayed not
The woe that wrung within her. She had seen
Her lover standing far upon that reef;
Had seen the boat go there, and bear him off,
And as the ship went out to sea had fainted.
Therefore she sought that reef, with a wild hope —
Such often tokens madness — that she there
Might jfind him safely rescued. She now stood
On the projecting rocks, and as she threw
Her dark eye downward to a glimmering cove,
She saw him. Lifted by the swelling wave,
He seemed yet living, and a shrill laugh told
Her glad but wandering spirit. Down she leaped
And clasped him; — he was motionless and cold.

percival's poems. 37
She kissed him, but he opened not his eyes,
And smiled not. Then she spake the much-loved name,
With an endearing tone, but none replied.
" Art thou not living? thou wert once so kind,
