title: The Wreck (part 8 of 8)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 51
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Thy smile so happy, and thy kiss so warm;
But thou art cold now, and thine eye darts not
Upon me, as it wont to do; thy lips
Move not, thou hast no voice, no welcome for me."
She raised her head, and as she caught the moon
Half veiled in vapour, from her glassy eye
The tears stole down, and with a quivering voice,
Faint as a night wind through the falling leaves
In autumn, " It is over then," she spake;
" The dream is over; he indeed is wrecked,
As I had fancied long; he cannot wake;
This is not sleep; there is no life-blood here;
No flush upon his forehead; he is cold,
And will not wake again. He said to me.
Farewell, perhaps forever; — O! too true
The last fond words at parting; — but forever —
Ah! no — I meet him — I have lingered long —
He calls me on my journey — he awaits me.
And why do I delay? — I come, my love; —
Only a moment, and I come, my love."
Suddenly she sprang forth, with outstretched arms,
And a wild look, that told there was no hope;
A few short steps, she paused, and then sank down,
As a flower sinks upon the new-mown turf,

38 percival's poems.
Beautiful even in death. They came, and raised
The dying girl. Her loose locks floated wide;
And on her slender neck her languid head
Drooped, and her eyes were closed. Her lips still moved
With the last breath, and then were still. At once
Her madness was no more. A tender smile
Played round her, and her looks were full of love
And gentleness, such as when first she met,
And first awoke his love. She long had borne
The conflict, and with desperate energy
Been nerved to all endurance; but this shock
Subdued her, and her spirit had departed.
And well they knew its passage was in peace.
They both were buried, where they first had met.
Beneath one stone, and they were wept by all.
A willow grows above them, with its boughs
Drooping, as if in sorrow; and at night
A sweet bird sings there, and the village girls
Say 'tis a spirit's voice. They dress that grave
Each Sabbath-day with roses; and they strew
Fresh violets there on May-day, and then sing
A simple tale of true love, till their hearts
Are swelling, and their cheeks are bathed in tears.
Love knows no rank, and when two hearts would meet
On earth, but cannot, they will meet in Heaven.
All hearts that love are equal in the grave.
