title: Prometheus, Part I (part 1 of 11)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 150
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

THEY talk of love and pleasure — ^biit 'tis all
A tale of falsehood. Life is made of gloom —
The fairest scenes are clad in ruin's pall,
The loveliest pathway leads but to the tomb;
Alas! destruction is man's only doom.
We rise, and sigh our little lives away,
A moment blushes beauty's vernal bloom,
A moment brightens manhood's summer ray,
Then all is wrapped in cold and comfortless decay.
And yet the busy insects sweat and toil.
And struggle hard to heap the shining ore —
How trifling seems their bustle and turmoil,
And even how trifling seems the sage's lore;
Even he, who buried in the classic store
Of ancient ages, ponders o'er the page
Of Tully or of Plato, does no more
Than with his bosom's quiet warfare wage.
And in an endless round of useless thought engage.

42 percival's poems.
Then close thy ponderous foHo, and retire
To shady coverts, undisturbed retreats,
And lay thy careless hand upon thy lyre,
And call the muses from their woodland seats:
But ah! the Poet's pulse how vainly beats;
'Tis but vexation to attune his strings.
Even he, who with the Chian bard competes,
Had better close his fancy's soaring wings.
And own, earth's highest bliss no true enjoyment brings.
We find this earth a gloomy, dull abode,
And yet we wish for pleasure — sense is keen,
And so this life is but a toilsome road,
That leads us to a more delightful scene:
Well, if thou find'st a solace there, I ween,
It is the only joy thou e'er can'st know;
And yet it is but fancy, never seen
By mortal eye was all that lovely show,
That paradise where we so fondly wish to go.
We have a body — and the wintry wind
Will not respect the Poet. No; the storm
Beats heavy on the case that holds a mind
Of heavenly mould, as on the vulgar form;
When bleak winds blow how can the soul be warm.
Can fancy brighten in the cell of care.
Can inspiration's breath the soul inform.
When tl:e limbs shiver in the gusty air,
And in the thin, pale face the fiends of hunger stare i*
O! they may tell me of the ethereal flame
That burns and burns forever; — 'tis the dream
Of those high intellects, who well may claim
Relation to the pure, celestial beam:
The life eternal — 'tis a glorious theme,
Whereon bards, sages, have out-poured their fire;
Yet view it narrowly, and it will seem
But the wild mounting of unquenched desire,
The long extended wish to raise our being higher.
True — 'tis a mighty stretch, when unconfined
The soul expatiates in imagined being,
And where the vulgar eye can only find
Dust, by a second sight strange visions seeing,
And still from wonder on to wonder fleeing,
By its enkindled feelings wildly driven.
It leaps the walls of earth, but ill agreeing
With those high-mounting thoughts to genius given,
Nor rests till it has set its eagle-foot in heaven.
And there it culls the choicest fields of earth
For all the pure, and beautiful, and bright,
And gives a gay and odorous Eden birth,
And rains around a flood of golden light.
Where sun, moon, stars, no more awake the sight,
But pouring from the Eternal's viewless throne,
It fills us with ineflable delight.
And every stain of earth forever flown,
We bathe and bask in this ethereal fount alone.

44 percival's poems.
And flowers of every hue and scent are there;
The laughing fields are one enamelled bed,
And filled with sweetness breathes the fanning air,
And soaring birds are singing overhead.
And bubbling brooks, by living fountains fed,
O'er pebbled gems and pearl sands winding play;
One boundless beauty o'er creation shed,
The storm, the cloud, the mist, have hied away,
And nothing dims the blaze of this immortal day.
And man, a pure and quenchless beam of light,
All eye, all ear, all feeling, reason, soul.
He takes from good to good his tireless flight,
And ever aiming at perfection's goal, *»
Sees at one instant-glance the moral whole;
Powers ever kindling, always on the wing,
The disembodied spark Prometheus stole,
To science, virtue, love, devotion spring
His fancy, reason, heart — creation's angel king.
The whole machine of worlds before his eye
Unfolded as a map, he glances through
Systems in moments, sees the comet fly
In its clear orbit through the fields of blue,
And every instant gives him something new,
Whereon his ever quenchless thirst he feeds;
From star to insect, sun to falling dew,
From atom to the immortal mind he speeds.
And in the glow of thought the boundless volume reads.

percival's poems. 45
Truth stands before him in a full, clear blaze,
An intellectual sun-beam, and his eye
Can look upon it with unbending gaze,
And its minutest lineaments descry;
No speck, nor line is passed unnoticed by,
And the bright form perfection's image wears,
And on its forehead sceptred majesty
The calm, but awful port of justice bears, (she spares.
Who weeps, when she condemns, but smiles not, when
Mercy! thou dearest attribute of heaven.
The attractive charm, the smile of Deity,
To whom the keys of Paradise are given —
Thy glance is love, thy brow benignity,
And bending o'er the world with tender eye,
Thy bright tears fall upon our hearts like dew,
And melting at the call of clemency.
We raise to God again our earth-fixed view,
And in our bosom glows the living fire anew.
The perfect sense of beauty — how the heart.
Even in this low estate, with transport swells.
When Nature's charms at once upon us start —
The ocean's roaring waste, where grandeur dwells.
The cloud-girt mountain, whose bald summit tells,
Beneath a pure black sky the faintest star,
The flowery maze of woods, and hills, and dells,
The bubbling brook, the cascade sounding far,
Robed in a mellow mist, as Evening mounts her car,

46 percival's poems.
And with her glowing pencil paints the skies
In hues, transparent, melting, deep, and clear,
The richest picture shown to mortal eyes,
And lovelier when a dearer self is near,
And we can whisper in her bending ear,
" How fair are these, and yet how fairer thou,"
And pleased the artless flattery to hear,
Her full blue eyes in meek confusion bow —
That hour, that look, that eye, are living to me now.
But there the cloud of earth-born passion gone,
Taste, quick, correct, exalted, raised, refined, •
Rears o'er the subject intellect her throne,
The pure platonic extacy of mind;
By universal harmony defined,
It feels the fitness of each tint and hue,
Of every tone that breathes along the wind,
Of every motion, form, that charm the view.
And lives upon the grand, the beautiful, and new.
The feelings of the heart retain their sway,
But are ennobled — not the instinctive tie,
