title: Prometheus, Part I (part 2 of 11)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 146
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

The storge, that so often leads astray.
And poisons all the springs of infancy.
So that, thenceforth, to live is but to die,
And linger with a venom at the heart.
To feel the sinking of despondency.
To writhe around the early planted dart.
And burn and pant with thirst that never can depart.
Such are the wounds mdulgent parents give,
Who slay the smihng blossom of their love;
And if the blighted plant should lingering live,
The spirit cannot wing its flight above,
But in its restless agony will rove
Still on and onward in forbidden joy,
Till wildly, as a whirlwind's fury drove,
He rushes to the foes that soon destroy,
And then they weep, and curse their lost, deluded boy.
His friendship warmed to love — all things, that feel,
In all his tenderness of feeling share;
His love, bright as devotion's holiest zeal,
For sex, without its ill, has being there;
All pleasure's smile and virtue's beauty wear.
And kindred souls in dear communion blend.
Love, purest love, without its sigh and care,
And hand in hand their mounting way they wend,
With hope that meets no chill, and joys that never end.
Devotion — 'tis an all-absorbing flame —
The Omnipotent, all-perfect, endless Being,
The builder of the universal frame.
At one quick glance, past, present, future, seeing,
By whom, hot, cold, moist, dry, good, ill, agreeing,
At last, the perfect birth of bliss comes forth,
And evil to its native darkness fleeing.
Virtue shines out in her unspotted worth,
And blasts to meanest dust the proudest forms of earth.

48 percival's poems.
Hark — hear the holy choir around the throne;
Their lips are coals, their paeans vocal fire;
They sing the Eternal Lord, who sits alone,
And still their swelling anthem rises higher,
The warbling of the universal lyre.
The harmony of hearts, and souls, and spheres —
O! how my bosom burns with long desire,
How flow my bitter, penitential tears;
O! 'tis a strain too loud and sweet for mortal ears.
But stop, delirious fancy! now awaking
From thy enchanted dream, what meets thy sight.
The charmed spell, that bound thy senses, breaking,
Thy Eden withers in a simoom's blight.
And all its suns have set in endless night;
Love, sanctity, and glory, all a gleam,
Thy airy paradise has vanished quite,
And falling, fading, flickering, dies life's beam,
Thy visioned heaven has fled — alas! 'twas but a dream!
O! for those early days, when patriarchs dwelt
In pastoral tents, that rose beneath the palm,
When life was pure, and every bosom felt
Unwarped affection's sweetest, holiest balm,.
And like the silent scene around them, calm,
Years stole along in one unruffled flow;
Their hearts a3^e warbled with devotion's psalm,
And as they saw their buds around them blow.
Their keenly glistening eye revealed the grateful glow.

percival's poems. 49
They sat at evening, when their gathered flocks
Bleated and sported by the pahn-crowned well,
The sun was glittering on the pointed rocks,
And long and wide the deepening shadows fell;
They sang their hymn, and in a choral swell
They raised their simple voices to the Power,
Who smiled along the fair sky; they would dwell
Fondly and deeply on his praise; that hour (shower.
Was to them, as to flowers that droop and fade, the
He warmed them in the sunbeams, and they gazed
In wonder on that kindling fount of light,
And as, hung in the glowing west, it blazed
In brighter glories, with a full delight
They poured their pealing anthem, and when night
Lifted her silver forehead, and the moon
Rolled through the blue serenity, in bright
But softer radiance, they blessed the boon (noon.
That gave those hours the charm without the fire of
Spring of the living world, the dawn of nature,
When Man walked forth the lord of all below.
Erect and godlike in his giant stature,
Before the tainted gales of vice 'gan blow;
His conscience spotless as the new-fallen snow,
Pure as the crystal spouting from the spring,
He aimed no murderous dagger, drew no bow,
But at the soaring of the eagle's wing, (spring.
The gaunt wolf's stealthy step, the lion's raveninfj

50 percival's poems.
With brutes alone he armed himself for war;
Free to the winds his long locks dancing flew,
And at his prowling enemy afar,
He shot his death-shaft from the nervy yew;
In morning's mist his shrill-voiced bugle blew,
And with the rising sun on tall rocks. strode,
And bounding through the gemmed and sparkling dew,
The rose of health, that in his full cheek glowed, (flowed.
Told of the pure, fresh stream, that there enkindling
This was the age, when mind was all on fire,
The day of inspiration, when the soul.
Warmed, heightened, lifted, burning with desire
For all the great and lovely, to the goal
Of man's essential glory rushed; then stole
The sage his spark from heaven, the prophet spake
His deep-toned words of thunder, as when roll
The peals amid the clouds — words that would break
The spirit's leaden sleep, and all its terrors wake.
He stood on Sinai, wrapped in storm-clouds, wild
His loose locks streamed around him, and his eye
Flashed indignation on a world defiled
With sense and slavery, who lost the high
Prerogative of power and spirit, by
Their longings for their flesh-pots — O! 'tis lust,
Which robs us of our freedom, makes us lie
Wallowing in willing wretchedness, nor burst (curst.
That thraldom, of our woes, most foul, most hard, most

percival's poems. 51
He saw those Samsons by a harlot shorn,
He saw them take the distaff, and assume
The soft and tawdry tunics, which adorn
The leering siren; all their flush and bloom,
And might and vigour, all that can illume
And blazon manhood, by the magic rod
Of pleasure changed to weakness, squalor, gloom.
And they, who erst with port majestic trod, (gic nod.
Then drmik, and gorged, and numbed, in sleep lethar-
He stood and raised his mighty voice in wrath,
And sent it, like a whirlwind, o'er those ears,
And thrilled them, like a simoom on its path
Of havoc. See, the slumbering giant hears,
And waked, and roused, and kindled by his fears,
Starts into new life with an instant spring;
This is no time for soft repentant tears;
At once away their wine-drenched spoils they fling,
Their energy is up, their souls are on the wing.
They did not lie, and wish, and long to break
The manacles which clasped them; they did tear
Cables as we would silk-threads, and did take
An upward journey, where the world shines fair,
The temple of true virtue, glory, where
Man lives and glows in simshine, where the prize,
More rich than laurel wreaths, for all, who dare
To reason's perfect, fearless freedom rise, (eyes.
Sends forth bright beams, that dim and blind all meaner
