title: Prometheus, Part I (part 3 of 11)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 136
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

52 percival's poems.
Go o'er the fields of Greece and see her towers
Fallen, and torn, and crumbled — see her fanes
Prostrate and weed-encircled; dimly lours
Brute ignorance around them, slavery reigns
And lords it o'er their sacred cities, chains
Are rivoted upon them, and they gall (strains
Their cramped limbs to the bone, the lashed wretch
To rend the gnawing iron — but his fall
Is in himself — sleep on — ye well deserve your thrall.
This is the old age of our fallen race;
We mince in steps correct, but feeble; creep
By rule unwavering in a tortoise pace;
We do not, like the new-born ancient, leap
At once o'er mind's old barriers, but we keep
Drilling and shaving down the wall; we play
With stones, and shells, and flowers, and as we peep
In nature's outward folds, like infants, say.
How bright, and clear, and pure, our intellectual day.
We let gorged despots rise and plant their foot
Upon our prostrate necks, if they but give
Their golden counters. Tyranny takes root
In a rich soil of sloth and self — we live
Like oysters in their closed shells — can we strive
For freedom when this cobweb circle draws
Its tangling coils around us? let us give
Our hearts to Nature and her sacred laws, (cause.
And we can fight unharmed, unchecked in freedom's
There are a few grand spirits who can feel
The beauty of simplicity, and pour
Their ardent wishes forth, and sternly deal
Their crumbling blows around them; they would soar,
Where man unfettered rises, proudly o'er
The common herd of slaves to power and rule:
Go, search the world, you cannot find a more
Weak, drivelling subject for a despot's tool.
Than him who dares not leave the lessons of his school.
Cast back your sickened eye upon the dawn
Of Greek and Roman freedom — See their sons
Before the bulwark of their dear rights drawn,
Proud in their simple dignity, as runs
The courser to the fair stream — on their thrones
They sat, all kings, all people — they were free,
For they were strong and temperate, and in tones
Deep and canorous, nature's melody,
They sung in one full voice the hymn of liberty.
In Dorian mood they marched to meet their foes;
With measured step their awful front they bore.
As when a mountain billow slowly flows,
Rising and heaving onward to the shore,
It rolls its mingled waters with a roar,
That echoes through the mountains; wide they dash.
Blue as the heavens they kiss, and tumbling o'er.
They burst upon the coast, and foaming lash (crash.
The rocks and splintered cliffs, Earth groans beneath the

Then liberty and law were brightest — men
Were not themselves — the city was their soulj
They did not keep their treasures in a den,
And brood them, as a fowl her eggs — the pole
To which their hearts were pointed, and the goal
Of all their strivings was the public good;
The sage, with naked brow and flowing stole,
And snowy beard, and eye majestic, stood,
And gave to willing minds their high but simple food.
It was not cates which pleased then — ^but they drew,
And filled their brimming goblet from the stream,
And plucked the fruits that overhung it; few
But noble were their works — the living beam
Of sun-light stamped their pages — we may dream
Of monsters, till the brain is mad — the pure.
Bright images, wherewith their volumes teem,
Tlie taste of nature always will allure, (endure.
And while man reads and thinks, and feels and loves,
Then wisdom crowned her head with stars, and smiled
In Socrates, and glowed in Plato, shone
Like Day's God in the Stagyrite, who piled
A pyramid of high thoughts; as a throne,
It lorde^ o'er the world for ages; grown
Weak in a second childhood, they did count
And nicely measure each minutest stone,
And crawled around the base, but could not mount
And taste, upon the top, the pure ethereal fount.
Then Eloquence was power — it was the burst
Of feeling, clothed in words o'erwhelming, poured
From mind's long cherished treasury, and nurst
By virtue into Majesty; it soared
And thundered in Pericles; and was stored
With fire that flashed, and kindled, in that soul,
Who called, when Philip, with barbarian horde,
Hung over Athens, and prepared to roll (whole.
His deluge on her towers, and drown her freedom's
Then Poetry was inspiration — loud,
And sweet, and rich, in speaking tones it rung.
As if a choir of muses from a cloud.
Sun-kindled, on the bright horizon hung;
Their voices harmonized, their lyres full strung,
Rolled a deep descant o'er a listening world —
There was a force, a majesty, when sung
The bard of Troy — his living thoughts were hurled,
Like lightnings, when the folds of tempests are unfurled.
Was it the tumult of contending powers,
The clash of swords and shields, the rush of cars,
Or when aloft in night's serenest hours,
The moon, encircled by her train of stars.
Poured her soft light around, and dewy airs (brow;
Breathed through the camp and cooled the warrior's
Was it the mellow slumber, which repairs
The languid limbs, or keen-edged words, that bow
The soul in wondering awe; or was it, round the prow,

The purple wave disparting, and in foam
Roaring behind the vessel, as she flew,
A white-winged falcon, from her lessening home,
Ploughing the sea's broad back, as loudly blew
The winds among the cordage — Nature threw
Her energy athwart his page, and shed
Her blaze upon his mind, and there we view.
If,' chance, by taste, unwarped, unfettered, led,
A new-made world, all life and light, around us spread.
The times are altered — man is now no more
"The being of his capabilities;
The days of all his energy are o'er;
And will those fallen demi-gods arise
In all their panoply, and hear the cries
Of king-crushed myriads, who wear the chain
Of bondage; will light dawn upon their eyes.
And wake them from their iron sleep, again
To bear their breast in strife on freedom's holy plain.''
A trumpet echoes o'er their tombs — awake!
The long full peal is " vengeance! — sleep no more;"
The marble walls, as by an earthquake, break,
And, lo! an armed legion onward pour
Bright casques and nodding plumes, and thirsting gore.
The blood of awe-struck tyrants, flash their swords;
Their march is as a torrent river's roar,
And with a waked slave's desperation, towards
Their homes of icy gloom, they drive Sarmatia's hordes.
