title: Prometheus, Part I (part 4 of 11)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 140
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

percival's poems. 57
There is a flood of light rolled round the hill
Of Jove, and from its cloudy brightness spring
Spectres of long-departed greatness; still
Their heart-felt homage to that shrine they bring,
Which time has made all-sacred, where the king
Of thunder sat upon his ivory throne,
And by him stood his bird, with ready wing
To pounce upon his foes. The days are flown, (own,
When darkness ruled as God — Valour will claim his
And Rome again is free, and from thy shore,
Italia! Gaul, and Goth, and Hun, shall fly;
Thy sons shall wash away their shame in gore,
And once again the year of liberty,
The mighty months of glory, they shall see,
Along thy radiant Zodiac, on the path
Of ages, warn the nations, " we are free" —
O! who can tell the madness and the wrath.
The drunkenness of soul, a new-waked people hath r
They stand for hearth and altar, wife and sire;
Their lisping infants call them to the fight,
And as they call, their eye-balls flashing fire.
And shouting with a courser's wild delight,
When loosed he bounds and prances in the might
Of young life. There is in the sound of home
A magic, and the patriot, in his right
Strong-founded, meets the prowling foes, that come
To waste his land — no threats his valour can benumb.

58 percival's poems.
The torch that lights him in his high career,
Was kindled at the purest, holiest flame;
He fights for all his bosom holds most dear,
And O! no voice so conquering as the claim
Of filial tenderness and love; no name
So melting as sire, wife, and children — all
Are in those sweet words blended. What is fame,
Though pealing with her trumpet, to the call
Of kindred, bound and toiling in a tyrant's thrall?
He sees the noble and the learned stoop,
And kiss the feet that crush them, and the crowd,
In hopeless, cureless, willing bondage, droop;
And yet he does not shrink beneath that cloud,
But, muttering execrations deep, not loud,
He whets his sword upon his heaped-up wrong;
And starting, like a spectre from his shroud.
Stung by the lash of slavery's knotted thong.
In all the might of wrath, he hm*ls his strength along.
Even as a tigress, when her secret lair
The hunter hath invaded — how she draws
Her limbs to all their tenseness, points her hair,
Gnashes her grinding teeth, and bares ber claws,
And breathes a stifled growl, and in a pause
Of burning fury hangs upon the spring;
And nerved and heated in a parent's cause,
Bounds roaring on the robber, like the wing (sling.
Of poimcing hawk, or stone hurled whizzing from the

percival's poems. 59
They meet at Tivoli — and night has spread
Her curtain o'er those legions, who would quench
The flame, that Brutus, Tully, Cato, fed;
And from its lofty column madly wrench
The new-raised statue. Freemen will not blench,
When they have broke their fetters; but will arm
Their nervy hands with vengeance, and will clench
And grapple with their masters; for the charm
Of liberty's sweet voice the coldest heart will warm.
They meet, and they are victors — but the soul,
Like his own mountain's lava glowing, dies,
And falls with hand firm-grasped upon the goal
Of all his longings. As he mounts the skies,
He drops his mantle on the youth, who rise
To give their lives, like him, to liberty;
Devoted to the noblest sacrifice.
Like stars of purest brightness, they shall be (shall flee.
The rallying point, where all the bruised and crushed
A dream — a cruel dream — fair rose the sun
Of freedom on that sky without a cloud;
Sweet was the dawn, when liberty was won
By hands unweaponed; and they hasted, proud
Of bloodless conquest, in their paeans loud
To those, who Samson-like had rent their chain;
Then heavenward shone the foreheads, which had bowed
To foreign rule for ages, and again
The people's majesty towered over hill and plain.

60 percival's poems.
Aiid we did hope the Roman had awaked,
And ancient valour had revived anew,
And that the Eagle's thirst of light unslaked,
As when above the capitol she flew,
Still sought her eyry in the boundless blue;
And we did hope a spirit had gone forth,
Which tyrants and their parasites would rue,
And, like a torrent rolling to the north, (worth.
Would with it blend all hearts, that kept man's native
It seemed the renovation of the world,
The knell of despots, and the day when thrones
Were tottering, and crowns falling, when Kings, hurled
From their base height of lust, should leave their bones
To moulder in their feudal filth; the stones
Which bound the arch of empire, lost their hold,
And in the sudden crush were heard the groans
Of gorged and pampered spoilers, who had rolled
Like havoc on the dumb, weak tremblers of their fold.
And we did see a nation on their way
To stop the invading torrent, ere it came
And deluged their fair fields. It was a day
Of breathless expectation, when the flame
Of freedom burned the highest, for the game
Of Man's emancipation was at stake.
The heart that would not throb then, had no claim
And place in Honor's column — 'twould not wake,
Even if a bolt from Heaven should by its pillow break.

percival's poems. 61
They hung upon the mountains, like a storm
Crowning the Appenine with deep, dun shade,
And o'er them towered the bold and ardent form,
Who seemed in panoply of fire arrayed;
And from their pikes and bayonets there played
A stream of lightnings on the advancing host.
Which, trained and nurtured in the murdering trade,
Like tempest-billows rolling to the coast, (post.
Marched slow, and still, and sure, to storm that rocky
In all the discipline of war they came;
Their strong squared columns moved with heavy tread;
Their step, their bearing, even their breath the same.
And not a murmur whispered through the dead
And boding silence; by a master led.
Even as a rock, that fronts the infuriate wave,
They saw them hanging on their mountain's head;
With cold, proud sneer they marked the untutored brave,
And knew here lay wide-yawned Italian freedom's grave.
Secure and calm, they pitched their camp, and piled
Their arms, and furled their banners; all was still,
When, like the bursting of a hail-cloud, wild
Those sun-fired legions hurried down the hill,
And dashed against their robbers, with a will
To do all deeds of daring, and a might
Nerved into madness by those wrongs, that fill
The heart to overflowing; from that height,
In one wild rush, they poured their souls into the fight.
