title: Prometheus, Part I (part 5 of 11)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 140
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

62 percival's poems.
Awhile the Austrian wavered, for the blows
Fell with a giant's vigour; but the clear,
Quick-sighted leader bade their stretched wings close,
And circle in the headlong swarms; then fear
Usurped the seat of courage; far and near
The plain was covered with the flying bands.
In vain the patriot's effort, word, and tear.
His life's blood only drenched his country's sands,
Or stained with fruitless drops the brute invader's hands.
The invading wave rolls on — no arm is raised
To stem its ceaseless progress; in its flood
It swallows all the hopes, on which men gazed
With such deep yearnings, as when linnets brood
Their callow nestlings — they are now the food
Of sceptered ribaldry and regal sneers;
Well, let them laugh and revel in light mood —
A voice of wrath, ere long, will thrill their ears.
And give them doubly full their cup of blood and tears.
Fosterers of nations! whose parental hand
Scourges the unwilling subject to obey,
To you, ye self-misnomered holy hand,
The goaded slaves their stripes and wounds shall pay;
Though now their heads in child-like fear they lay,
They keenly feel the smart of all their wrong;
They now may stoop and crawl, there is a day
When they will rise and to their vengeance throng;
Even now ye trembling dread what will not linger long.

percival's poems. 63
Aceldema of nations! thou hast bled
From countless gashes — thou must still bleed on;
Thy children's gore that harvest-field has fed,
Where thou thy chains and manacles hast won;
Thy struggle for true liberty is done,
France, Italy, have roused and burst their thrall,
And started in that glorious race to run —
Where have their high words ended? See their fall —
The despots crush them now, and say, " So perish all
Who will not sleep contented, while we rule,
And fleece, and flay them;" you may writhe and turn.
And curse them, as you crouch, their earth-pressed stool;
Yes, ye may start a moment, spring and spurn
The foot that treads you; ye may glow and burn
With wrath to be so scofl^ed at, but a weight
Like mountains bows you down; dust is your urn;
The spirit is besotted — this your fate.
To rise and stumble, kneel and kiss the hand you hate.
One storm has come and gone — the film is torn
From off your eyes — you look, and Power is there;
Around his throne unnumbered shields are borne.
Serried in close array; you cannot tear
The monster from his pinnacle; his lair
Is filled with bones of freemen he has slain.
As a crouched lion, when his fangs are bare.
He casts around his keen eye; Hope in vain
Lifts up her gaze, his glance bends it to earth again.

64 pkkcival's puems.
Freedom can have no dwelling on that shore;
She must away and cross the Atlantic flood:
Why play the rude game over? you may pour
In waves, like torrent rivers, your best blood,
But it will end in " we have dared and stood
In battle for our rights; we sink again
Before an overwhelming weight, the food
Of tyrants and their parasites, who drain (chain."
Our tears like wine, and bind with doubled links our
Severe and simple, walked the Cyprian sage
In Athens' pictured porch; he showed and taught
Unbending virtue in a downward age.
And reckoned all the joys of sense as nought.
And mastered down the tide of swelling thought,
And bound on passion an unyielding rein;
With slow, sure step, the highest good he sought,
And shunning, as a viper's tooth, the stain
Of weakness, marched erect to truth's majestic fane,
Which stood aloft in Doric plainness, bright
The sun-beams played upon its marble pride,
And from it flashed a stream of purest light
Down its ascending path — as rolls the tide
Of snow-fed torrents, in a deep, a wide,
Resistless rush of waters, till the plain
Is satiate with its richness; then they glide
In summer's scanty wave, so pure, no stain
Darkens its liquid light, when rolling to the main.

percival's poems. 65
So on the mind enwrapped in error's cloak,
Whom bigotry and sense have led astray;
If chance the fetters of his thought are broke,
And all the night that dimmed him, swept away,
And on him wisdom pours her fullest ray,
A flood seems rolled through his exulting soul.
And all its fulness hardly can allay
His new-waked thirst for knowledge; to the goal
Of truth he springs and spurns indignant all control.
Awhile he grasps at Science, with the strong,
Fierce spirit of ambition, when his car
O'er fortune's field of blood is borne along.
Drawn by the wildly rushing steeds of war,
And hurrying on in quest of Fame's bright star, (gore;
That shines through smoke, and dust, and wounds, and
Justice and mercy cannot raise a bar
Across the torrent of his wrath; its roar
Drives virtue, love, and peace, aflVighted from its shore.
So on he rushes, in the high pursuit
Of knowledge, till his stored and wearied mind
Bows 'neath the weight of its collected fruit,
And casting all its useless load behind,
No more to man's essential being blind.
His thought dwells only on the good supreme;
Then calm in dignity, in taste refined,
A spirit pure and lucid, as the beam
Ethereal, virtue's charms are his continual theme.

66 tercival's poems.
And what is virtue but the just employ
Of all our faculties, so that we live
Longest, and soundest, and serenest — -joy
Its handmaid, all the sweets that health can give,
The light heart, and the strong frame, which can strive
Delighted in the war we must endure;
Thoughts clear, bold, tireless, feelings all alive,
No passion can subdue, no sense allure,
Even as our Sire in Heaven, just, merciful, and pure.
The animal is crushed, the God bears sway,
The immortal essence, the enkindling fire;
What powers, what energy, it can display.
When, freed from life's gross wants, it dare aspire,
And give a free rein to its high desire.
And longing for a mind that cannot sleep,
Even as Apollo with his golden lyre.
And canopied in sunbeams, he would sweep (deep.
His chords, and pour a hymn, harmonious, full, and
A hymn to Nature, and the unseen hand
That guides its living wheels, the moving soul
Of this material universe, who spanned
Within his grasp, its circle, where suns roll,
Each in its fixed orb, and around the whole
Has drawn in viewless light its flaming walls;
This is the limit of our thought, the goal
Where mind's imaginative pinion falls,
When wrapt in solemn thought, no link of earth inthrals.
