title: Prometheus, Part I (part 6 of 11)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 139
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

percival's poems. 67
I walk abroad at midnight, and my eye,
Purged from its sensual blindness, upward turns.
And wanders o'er the dark and spangled sky,
Where every star, a fount of being, burns.
And pours out life, as Naiads, from their urns,
Drop their refreshing dew on herbs and flowers —
I gaze, until my fancy's eye discerns.
As in an azure hall, the assembled powers
Of nature spend in deep consult those solemn hours.
Methinks I hear their language — but it sounds
Too high for my conception, as the roar
Of thunder in the mountains, when it bounds
From peak to peak; or on the echoing shore
The tempest-driven billows bursting pour.
And raise their awful voices; or the groan
Rumbling in ^Etna's entrails, ere its store
Of lava spouts its red jets; or the moan
Of winds, that war within their caverned walls of stone.
And there is melody among those spheres,
A music sweeter than the vernal train,
Or fay notes, which the nymph-struck shepherd hears.
Where moon-light dances on the liquid plain,
That curls before the west wind, till the main
Seems waving like a ruffled sheet of fire —
'Tis Nature's Alleluia; and again
The stars extilt, as when the Eternal Sire (desire.
Said, " be there light," and light shone forth at his

68 percival's poems.
How my heart trembles on so vast a theme — -
The boundless source of energy and power,
The living essence of the good supreme,
The all-seeing eye that watches every hour,
That marks the opening of each bud and flower,
That paints the colours of the ephemeron's wing,
That counts the myriad drops, which form the showex'.
As wondrous in the awakening call of spring,
As worlds that lie beyond the stretch of Fancy's wing.
With brute unconscious gaze, man marks the earth
Take on its livery of early flowers;
He sees no beauty in this annual birth,
No ceaseless working of creative powers;
His soul, lethargic, wakes not in those hours
When air is living, and the waters teem
With new-born being, and the mantling bowers
Are full of love and melody, and seem
The happy Eden of a poet's raptured dream.
The sky is then serenest and its arch
Of brighter sapphire; and the sportive train
Of life-awakening zephyrs, on their march,
Shed renovating influence o'er the plain;
The blue waves sparkle on the laughing main,
Which renders back to heaven its placid smile;
The chequered sky, now clear, now dropping rain
On flowers, that spread their leaves to catch it, while
The full-swoln river rolls a fertilizing Nile.

percival's poems. 69
How lovely is the landscape! Morning peeps
Behind yon leafy mountain, and her eye
Looks o'er a fresh, green world, that calmly sleeps
In the sweet cradle of its infancy,
And clustering round the rocky summits, fly
Light mists, now painted in the rich array
Of Heaven's majestic spectrum, which on high '
Spans the dark tempest, as it steals away,
And westward glows in pomp the golden eye of day.
Beneath the cliff that frowns in blackness, lies
The mirror of dark waters, on it rest
Soft wreaths of snowy vapour, such as rise
Spotless in winter on the mountain's breast,
Soft as the downy couch by beauty prest,
And mantled in as gay a canopy
Of overhanging clouds in crimson drest.
All glow, transparency and purity.
Fit curtain to the throne where dwells Eternity.
And now the sun springs upward from his bed,
Insufferably brilliant, and his blaze
Tinges with flowing gold the icy head
Of peaks which rise above the clouds, and gaze
In lonely grandeur on an endless maze
Of budding landscape, hills, woods, meadows, lakes,
Rivers, and winding rivulets, where plays
The wave in lines of silver. Day now breaks
In dazzling floods of light, and living nature wakes

70 vercival's poems.
Her woodland choristers, and air is breathing
In tones of love-tuned harmony, the deep,
Heart-kindling, soul-inspiring anthem wreathing
The burst of native joy, that will not sleep.
But at the summons of the dawn will leap,
And all its full-swoln tides of feeling pour,
And, as the light winds from the bright lake sweep
The mantling vapours, it will freely soar (roar.
And with its strong voice drown the waterfall's wide
Let Man come forth, and in the general throng
Of tuneful hearts, his high devotion raise,
And, joining in the universal song
Of thankful rapture, centre all the rays
Of that heaven-lighted intellect, whose blaze,
Bright emanation from the ethereal beam,
Forever kindling through eternal days,
A disembodied spark, along life's stream.
Shall always hasten on to excellence supreme.
There is its only resting place — while here
We pine in heart-sick longing. Is the fire,
That burns within our bosoms, for a sphere
Of brighter, purer being, something higher
Than all Man ever reached to, the desire
Of sinless purity and tireless thought,
But the vibration of a living wire,
The motion of frail flesh more nicely wrought,
That trembles here awhile and then consumes to naught ':
Our thoughts are boundless though our frames are frail,
Our souls immortal, though our limbs decay;
Though darkened in this poor life by a veil
Of suffering, dying matter, we shall play
In truth's eternal sunbeams; on the way
To Heaven's high capitol our car shall roll;
The temple of the power whom all obey.
That is the mark we tend to, for the soul
Can take no lower flight, and seek no meaner goal.
I feel it — though the flesh is weak, I feel
The spirit has its energies untamed
By all its fatal wanderings; time may heal
The wounds which it has suffered; folly claimed
Too large a portion of its youth; ashamed
Of those low pleasures, it would leap and fly,
And soar on wings of lightning, like the famed
Elijah, when the chariot rushing by
Bore him with steeds of fire triumphant to the sky.
We are as barks afloat upon the sea
Helmless and oarless, when the light has fled.
The spirit, whose strong influence can free
The drowsy soul, that slumbers in the dead,
Cold night of mortal darkness; from the bed
Of sloth he rouses at her sacred call.
And kindling in the blaze around him shed,
Rends with strong effort sin's debasing thrall, (all.
And gives to God, his strength, his heart, his mind, his
