title: Prometheus, Part I (part 7 of 11)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 148
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Our home is not on oartli;;illliough we sleep,
And sink in s<'(!inini^ dcjith siwliilc, yet tlien
The awakcniiif^ voice sjxj.iks loudly, and we leap
To life, and energy, and light, again
We cannot slumber always in the den or sense and selfishness; the day will break,
Ere we forever leave the haunts of men;
Even at the parting hour the soul will wake.
Nor like a senseless brute its unknown journey take.
How awfid is that hour, when conscience stings
The hoary wretch, who on his death-bed hears,
Deep in his soul, the thundering voice that rings,
In <>n(; dark, (hinuiing niouicnt, crimes of years,
And screaming like a vulture in his ears,
Tells one by one his thoughts and d(;eds of shame;
How wild the fury of his soul careers!
His swart eye flashes with intensest flame.
And like the torture's ra<k tin; wrestling of his frame.
Our souls have wings; their flight is like the rush
Of wHiirlwiiuls, and they U[)ward point their way,
I/ike him who bears the thundcir, when the flush
Of his keen eye feeds on the; dazzling ray:
He claps his pinions in the bla/e of day,
Aiul gaining tm the loftiest arch his throne
Darts his quick vision on his fated prey.
And, galheriug all his vigcu', he is gone,
And in an instant grasps his victim as his own.,

percival's poems. 7tj
We soar as proudly, and as quickly fall,
This moment in the empyrean, then we sink,
And wrapping; in the joys of sense our all,
The stream, that flows from Heaven we caimot drink,
But we will lie along the flowery brink
Of pleasure's tempting current, till the wave
Is bitter and its banks bare, then we think
Of what we miiifht have been, and, idly brave,
We take a short weak flight, and drop into the grave.
My heart has felt new vigour, and the glow
Of high hopes and bright fancy, and the spring
Of that unchanging being, whither flow
The breathings of our spirit, when its wing
Is spread to take its last flight, where we cling
In all the storms of life, as to an oar;
There, like the shining serpent, we shall fling
Away our earthly shackles; there no more
The wind shall lift the waves and send them to the shore,
To make wild music on the surging beach.
And fling the foam aloft in snowy curls.
And, pouring headlong through the sea-wall's breach.
Suck, in the raging vortex' giddy whirls.
The sea-bird lighting on the wave, that hurls
To swift destruction, but there is a rock.
Built strong, deep-planted — mercy there unfurls
Her white flag, and the bark, that stands the shock,
The tempest-tossing tide, the breaker's burst shall mock-.

74 percival's poems.
Much study is a weariness — so said
The sage of sages, and the aching eye,
The pallid cheek, the trembling frame, the head
Throbbing with thought and torn with agony.
Attest his truth; and yet we will obey
The intellectual JVumen, and will gaze
In wondering awe upon it, and will pay
Worship to its omnipotence; the blaze
Of mind is as a fount of fire, that upward plays
Aloft on snow-clad mountains, on whose breast
Unspotted purity has ever lain;
The clouds of sense and passion cannot rest
Upon its shadowy summit, nor can stain
The white veil which enwraps it, nor in vain
Roll the white floods of liquid heat, they melt
The gathered stores of ages, to the plain
They pom* them down in streams enkindling, felt
By every human heart, in myriad channels dealt.
This is the electric spark sent down from Heaven,
That woke to second life the man of clay;
The torch was lit in ether, light was given,
Which not all passion's storms can sweep away,
There is no closing to this once-risen day;
Tempests may darken, but the sun will glow,
Serene, unclouded, dazzling, and its ray
Through some small crevices will always flow,
Nor leave in utter night the world that gropes below.
And now and then some spirit, from the throng.
With wings D.nedalean, in his rage will soar,
And spreading wide his pinions, with a strong
And desperate eflbrt, from this servile shore
Mounting like Minder's swans, whose voices pour
Melodious music, like the dying fall
Of zephyrs in a pine grove, or the roar
Heard through the lonely forest, when the pall
Of night o'erhangs us, borne from some far waterfall.
With wing as tireless, and with voice as sweet,
His eye the falcon's, and his heart the dove's,
He lifts his heavenward daring, till the heat
Of that same oib he aimed to, which he loves
To mark with keen eye till the cloud removes.
That gave its glow a softness, with its blight
Withers his sinewy strength; so Heaven reproves
The minds, that scan it with audacious sight,
And seek with restless gaze too pure, unmingled light.
Gay was the Paradise of love he drew.
And pictured in his fancy; he did dwell
Upon it till it had a life; he threw
A tint of Heaven athwart it — who can tell
The yearnings of his heart, the charm, the spell,
That bound him to that vision.^ Cold truth came
And plucked aside the veil — he saw a hell.
And o'er it curled blue flakes of lurid flame — (shame.
He laid him down and clasped his damp chill brow in

76 pekcival's poems.
His fall is as the Titan's, who would tear
The thunder from their monarch, and would pile
Their mountain stairway to Olympus, where
The bolt they grasped at, pierced them; with a smile
Of fearless power the thunderer sat the while,
And mocked their fruitless toiling, then he hurled
His whitening arrows, and at once their guile
And force were blasted, and their fall unfurled
An awful warning flag to a presumptuous world.
They stand, a beacon chained upon the rock;
Heaven o'er them lifts unveiled her boundless blue;
Ambition's sun still scorches, and the mock
Of all their high desires is full in view;
Affection cools their foreheads with no dew
Of melting hearts, no rain of pitying eyes;
The vulture, conscience, gnaws them, ever new
Their heart's torn fibres into life will rise.
The gorging fury clings, repelled she never flies.
These are the men who dared to rend the veil
Religion hung around us; they would tear
The film from oflf our eyes, and break the pale
That bound the awe-struck spirit, nor would spare
The worship paid by ages; in the glare
Of their red torches Piety grew blind.
And saw no more her comforter; her fair
And fond hopes lost their beauty; can the mind
When rifled of its faith, so dear a solace find?
They pull down Jove from his Idaean throne;
They quench the Jew's Schechinah, and the cross,
That bore the mangled corse of Heaven's own Son,
They trample in the dust, and spurn as dross;
And will they recompense the world its loss?
Have they a fairer light to cheer our gloom?
Oh no! — the grave yawns on us as a fosse,
Where we must sleep forever; this our doom —
Body and mind shall rot and moulder in the tomb.
There is a mourner, and her heart is broken —
She is a widow; she is old and poor;
