title: Prometheus, Part I (part 8 of 11)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 149
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Her only hope is in that sacred token
Of peaceful happiness, when life is o'er;
She asks nor wealth nor pleasure, begs no more
Than Heaven's delightful volume, and the sight
Of her Redeemer. Sceptics! would you pour
Your blasting vials on her head, and blight (night?
Sharon's sweet rose, that blooms and charms her being's
She lives in her affections; for the grave
Has closed upon her husband, children; all
Her hopes are with the arm she trusts will save
Her treasured jewels; though her views are small.
Though she has never mounted high to fall
And writhe in her debasement, yet the spring
Of her meek, tender feelings cannot pall
Her unperverted palate, but will bring
A joy without regret, a bliss that has no sting.

Even as a fountain, whose unsullied wave
Wells in the pathless valley, flowing o'er
With silent waters, kissing, as they lave.
The pebbles with light rippling, and the shore
Of matted grass and flowers — so softly pour
The breathings of her bosom, when she prays,
Low-bowed, before her Maker; then no more
She muses on the griefs of former days; (rays.
Her full heart melts and flows in Heaven's dissolving
And Faith can see a new world, and the eyes
Of Saints look pity on her; Death will come —
A few short moments over, and the prize
Of peace eternal waits her, and the tomb
Becomes her fondest pillow; all its gloom
Is scattered; what a meeting there will be
To her and all she loved here, and the bloom
Of new life from those cheeks shall never flee —
Theirs is the health which lasts through all eternity
There is a war within me, and a strife
Between my meaner and my nobler powers;
I would and yet I cannot part with life;
'Tis as a scorpion's sting to view those hours,
Where soul has bowed to sense, and darkly lours
The future in the distance. There are men.
Whose strange-blent nature, now an angel's towers,
And rides among the loftiest, and then
Seeks, like a snarling dog, the cynic's squalid den.

percival's poems. 79
They nestle in their prison; they can find
No friend to pour their hearts on; they would cling
Closer than ivy to the kindred mind
They touch — its ice-cold freezes, then they fling
Aftection to the winds, and madly spring
To shun their hated fellows in some cave;
A leaden weight confines their spirit's wing.
Life palls them, there is naught beyond the grave.
They turn a sneer on Him, who gives his hand to save.
Theirs is the boundless love of sentient being —
As they have now the will, had they the power,
Were but their longings and their strength agreeing,
Their outspread hand a flood of bliss would shower,
And wake the moral world, as in the hour
Of spring wakes living nature — from his sleep
Of vice and superstition Man should tower;
Thoughts pure, high feelings, purpose strong and deep,
Should lift him on, like wings, up virtue's craggy steep.
And flowers should bloom on his ascending track, '
Like roses on their wild thorns, by the way
The hunter scales the mountains, nor should lack
Music of tuneful birds; the flute should play
The soft airs of the shepherdess; when day (night
Spreads the broad plane tree's noon shade, and when
Spangles her silent canopy, away
By some dark cavern on the lonely height,
The full- voiced hymn should tell the hermit's holy flight;

80 peiicival's poeihs.
Who sits alone in darkness, wrapped In musing,
Communing with the Universe, the Power,
Whose ceaseless mercy love and life diffusing,
Bids the sun dart his warm rays, sends the shower,
Mantles the turf in green, and decks the bower
With tufted leaves and wreathed flowers, whose perfume,
Earth's incense, breathes most sweetly at the hour,
When soft-descending night-dews steep the bloom,
And with their star-lit gems the mantling arch illume;
And from this waste of beauty fills the urn
Of plenty with her fair fruits, spreads the plain
With all the wealth of harvest, the return
Of spring's delightful promise, with a chain
Of love and bounty binding life's domain
To Him, who by his fiat gave it birth;
Else had these flowery fields a desert lain,
And all the riches of the teeming earth
Been withered by the touch of endless, hopeless dearth;
Else had one wilderness of rock and sand,
Treeless and herbless, where no rain nor dew
Poured their reviving influence, one land
Of sparkling barrenness appalled the view.
And o'er it Heaven had raised its cloudless blue,
Hot as the burning steel's cerulean glow.
And the sun's blasting arrows darted through
The scorched brain, till its lava blood would flow
In torrents, and its veins throb with delirious throe;
And man had died of thirst and famine — Death
Comes not with direr aspect; ej^es of blood,
Staring and bursting; frequent, fiery breath
Heaved from the breast, that seems one boiling flood
Of maddening pulses, writhing as a brood
Of serpents roused to fury; like their hiss
They rush along the swoln veins, and for food
His parched jaws gnaw his flesh, and O! what bliss (this.
To drain his life's warm stream — there is no death like
This is the living prototype of hell —
The earth all fire without, all flame within,
And conscience barking like a Hya^n's yell,
And pouring out her vialed wrath on sin;
She lights her torch unwasting — then begin
Ages of endless torture, for the heart.
Whom Circe and the tempting Sirens win.
While Hstening to their voice, must feel the smart
And pangs of unfed Hope's forever probing dart.
The clouds are gathering on the mountain tops,
And in their dark veil wrap those clifl's and towers
Of wasteless granite, those enduring props.
On which the arch of Heaven rests, where the Powers
Of winter hold their rule, even in the hours
When sultry summer scorches; there they roll
And spread their frowning curtains; night there lours
With an unusual blackness, and the pole
Rocks with the bolt, as if the knell of nature tolled.

82 percival's poems.
In hazy gloom the threatening tempest broods,
Crowning with ebon wreaths the mountain's cone.
And holding in its magazine, the floods,
That soon will hurry headlong from its throne.
From rock to rock impetuous pouring down
Their dark, foam-crested waters, as the mane
Waving amid the rush of war, and drown,
In their wide-wasting waves, the cultured plain.
And bear flocks, forests, towns, and harvests, to the main.
And see — the cloudy billows heave their surges,
In airy tides, along yon western wall,
Now swiftly rolling as the roused wind urges,
Now hanging silent as the wild blasts fall.
Drooping in massy folds, as if the pall
Of all these sweet scenes o'er us were outspread;
Even as a spectre rising grim and tall
At night to some scared wanderer, fancy-led, (head.
Sullen, and dim, and dark, towers yonder mountain's
A solemn pause — the woods below are still;
No breezes wave their light leaves, and the lake
Lies like a sleeping mirror; on the hill
The white flocks eye the rain-drops, that will slake
