title: Prometheus, Part I (part 9 of 11)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 145
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Their hot thirst, and the screaming curlews take
Their circling flight along the silent stream;
Save their storm-loving music now awake,
Nature seems slumbering in a midnight dream;
She starts — behold aloft that sudden quivering gleam.

PERCIVAL S POEMS, Bb
The torch is lit among the clouds — the peals
Roar through the lonely wilds, and echoing swell
Around the far horizon — earth now feels
And trembles as she listens — who can tell
The spirit's awe? as if it heard its knell,
It bows before the Power, whose hand controls
Lightning, and wind, and waves, who loves to dwell
In storms, and on its path the tempest rolls, (souls,
Whose words are bolts, whose glance electric pierces
And makes the bold blasphemer pale with awe.
And stills the madman's laugh, and strikes with dread
The brow, that bore defiance to the law
Stamped on the universe; he hides his head
In darkness like the ostrich, all those, led
By his once fearless mocking, slink away,
And o'er them prostrate, wrathful angels tread.
And draw their fiery arrows, and repay
With fear and death the hearts that dare to disobey.
'Tis night, and we are on the mountain top —
The air is motionless, and not a breath
Of wind is whispered, and the pure dews drop
From Heaven, like tears, upon this lovely death
Of nature, while the landscape underneath,
And the vast arch above, smile in the ray
Of the full moon, who, circled in her wreath
Of glory, walks, a queen, her lofty way.
And pours upon the world a softer, calmer day.

84 percival's poems.
The hills, the plains, and meadows, far below,
Sparkle with watery diamonds, and the stream
That steals in oft meanders, in its flow
Of peacefulness, is silvered with her beam,
And the round basins in the woodlands seem
Like mirrors circled in a pearly row.
And like the colours of the dying bream,
The soft mists hovering round them, bear the bow.
The aerial brede of light, lit with a mellower glow.
Than when it sits majestic on the storm,
What time it hangs along the eastern sky.
The herald of returning calm, its form,
As imaged erst, a maid of peaceful eye,
Who on her dewy saffron wings would fly.
And roll away the clouds along the wind,
And laughing as she saw the car on high
Shine in its full effulgence, as the mind.
Whom sense can never sink, nor passion's fury blind.
So rolls that car along its arch of blue,
And shines with a serener efiiuence; air
Wakened by fanning breezes, charms anew
The flushed cheek with its coolness; Heaven is fair,
A speck dims not its liquid azure, there
The eye can rest with calmness, and the green
And bloom of grass and flowers new richness wear,
And sweeter incense rises from the bean,
And jessamine, and rose, that scent this dewy scene.

percival's poems. 85
As when the twilight of a weary life
Comes on with quietness and purity,
And after vainly struggling in the strife
Of pleasure or ambition, from the eye
The film falls, and the mantling vapours fly.
And Man stands forth in his pure, native worth,
And after tears for lost years hurried by,
The soul awakens to a second birth,
And for a few hours knows there is a Heaven on earth.
Live for the present moment, but live so
As you might live forever; let the cares
And toils of this poor transient being go.
And pluck the fruit the tree of knowledge bears,
And gaze upon the charms which virtue wears.
Till her eye's light has filled and warmed your breast —
Be strong, and bold, and active — he who dares
Contend in virtue's panoply is blest
Alone with Heaven's unstained, enduring, noiseless rest. ->
Give me the evening of a summer's day,
A long bright day of glory, when the sun
Is most efiidgent, and the earth most gay,
And after deeds of lofty daring done,
And palms on many a field of combat won.
Where tempests rage, or noontide glows with power,
And when the mind its high career has run
To seek a covert at this silent hour.
Where songs and gales may lull in some secluded bower.

-86 percival's poems.
'Tis night, and winds are hushed — the leaves are still,
Or scarcely ruffle on the poplar bough,
And where a stream of waving light, the rill
Drips o'er the face of yonder mountain's brow.
The moon-beams shine as on Endymion; now
The forests are unpeopled of those gay
And lovely nymphs and wanton fawns, but how
They gave the fancy of the Poet play.
And threw a rosy hue and perfume o'er his lay.
The Spring came forth, and with her came a train
Of hours and loves and graces, every bower
Concealed its nymph, and every flowery plain
Was full of light-winged Cupids; for the power
Of love awaked the Universe, the hour,
When Hymen lit his torch, and Psyche came
Wrapped in the embrace of Eros, and a shower
Of sweets was poured around them, and a flame
Shot from the glowing eyes of that enamoured dame.
She gave her soul to love, and on her lip
Her heart stood, and he kissed the prize away,
More sweet than when the dews from roses drip
In spangles on the grass, in early day,
When emerald sylphs on airy pinions play.
And lightly hover, as the leaves unfold
And spread their vermil velvet, in the ray
Poured through the leafy canopy, and rolled
O'er all the bloom below in waving floods of gold:

percival's poems. St
The lilac purpling with its luscious spires,
Breathing a milky sweetness, like the balm
From Aden's groves of myrrh, where summer fires
The living world to rapture, but the calm,
Cool shade of spreading maples, than the palm
With all its crimson clusters, charms me more;
The violet, lurking underneath the halm
Of withered grass tufts, has a dearer store (shore.
Of sweets, than all the flowers that glow on Ceylon's
The heart cannot be cold in such a shade;
It will be melted, as the icy stream
That steals with limpid current through the glade,
And murmurs not in winter, but the beam
Of warmth dissolves it; as a fleeting dream
The fretted icicles are gone, the wave.
Gliding o'er snowy sands in morning's gleam,
Chimes like the song of sorrow Cycnus gave.
In tones of dying woe aromid his brother's grave.
How poor, how weak, how impotent is Man —
Cradled in imbecility, the prey
Of those who love him fondest, who will fan
His passions by indulgence, and will sway
To sense and self, and pride and fear, and play
Their apish tricks upon him, till his soul
Has lost its native innocence; the ray
Kindled from Heaven, while feeble yet, is stole (bowl.
By sirens, and then quenched in Pleasure's mantling
