title: Prometheus, Part I (part 10 of 11)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 149
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

S8 percival's poems.
The foaming goblet sparkles to the brim,
And heedless youth hangs o'er the glowing stream,
And in its amber waters gaily swim
The fairest visions of enchantment's dream,
And o'er it plays a soft and sminy beam,
That steals in serpent windings to the heart,
And like a viper's hid in roses, gleam
The flashings of its keen eyes, as a dart (depart.
With venom tipped, they give deep womids that ne'er
We lie along in gay voluptuous ease —
The full vine mantles o'er us, and our pillow
Of mingled moss and flowers; the hum of bees
Sucking the dew of roses, and the willow
Now hung in downy bloom, and clothed in yellow.
Comes like a drowsy zephyr on the ear,
And the clear-flowing fountain murmurs mellow,
And airy birds in mazy circles veer,
And all seems fair and bright as some celestial sphere.
We sip the cup of promise, and we drain
With eager lip its nectar, till the fume
Mounts kindling to the wild and heated brain;
And then all things a richer tint assume.
And are enrobed in splendour, and illumed
With gay looks, and bright eyes, and speaking glances,
And laughing frolic waves her spangled plume.
And revelry with light step featly dances,
And on their rainbow wings flit round a crowd of fancies.

percival's poems. 8d
And from our couch we spring — we scarce can tread
This poor earth in our extacy, on high
We float through fields of Ether, overhead
Swells with a bluer, loftier arch the sky,
And on an eagle's wings we seem to fly,
And all the kingdoms of the world appear
In dazzling beauty to the fancy's eye,
And like the tuneful spirit of some sphere.
The sweet winds pour full floods of music in our ear.
As breezes from Sabfea o'er the main
Waft fragrance on their pinions from the groves
Of Myrrh and Cassia, and the snowy plain
Of Coffee-blossoms, where the Queen of Loves,
Drawn in her pearly car by purple doves.
Would linger with most fondness on her way;
A land of passion — under shady coves
Hollowed in living rock, they spend the day,
To see their Houries dance and hear their citterns play.
The past is gone — it can return no more,
The dew of life exhaled, its glory set;
It has no other goods for me in store,
It is a dreary wilderness, and yet
I fondly look and linger. In the net
Of pleasure all the breathings of my soul,
The burning thoughts alone on Learning set
In tender childhood, pointed to the goal, fstole.
Where bards and sages aimed, in Youth blind leaders

90 percival's poems.
And vile companions rifled, and they left
My heart dispirited, and sunk, and poor,
Of all its highest hopes and wants bereft,
A pinnace on the waves with naught to moor
Or bind it to the safe bank; from the shore,
Where my best powers stood weeping, o'er the deep,
Tossing and madly heaving, wild winds bore
My dark, distracted being, where fiends keep (sleep.
Their orgies, and the worm that gnaws, will never
There is no hope — ten years the winds have blown,
That bore me to my ruin, and the waves
Roll in my wake like mountains — Joy has flown,
And left behind the lonely turfless graves
Of early fond attachments — like the slaves
Bound fettered to the galley, at the oar
Still 1 must toil uncheered, or in the caves,
Where not a ray of hope comes, I must pour (core.
Tears, bitter tears, that well from the heart's bleeding
The soul that had its home with me was bright,
Its early promise as the flowers of spring.
Profuse in richness as the davnii g light.
When the gay rosy-footed Hours take wing,
And from the glowing East the coursers spring,
That bear the car of day along its road.
And o'er a waking world their radiance fling-
So bright the stream of mind within me flowed,
It had one only wish — to scale the high abode,

percival's poems- 91
Where Truth has reared her awful throne, and pure
Platonic beauty sits, a smiling bride,
The Majesty that bows, and to allure
The winning charms of Virtue by his side —
Cursed be the drawling pedants, who divide
The monarch from his lovely queen, and sink
The soul in stupid awe, too soon to hide
Its coward head in pleasure's lap, and drink (brink
Her tempting, fiery draughts — Stop! ye are on the
Of endless woe and ruin — sleep no more —
The charm will soon be broken- — ye will wake,
And find the alluring hours that wooed you o'er,
And rising like a fury. Vice will shake
Her smoky torch, and in your heart's blood slake
Its Hell-lit fires, and you will seek in vain
The young days that have vanished; in the lake,
That Priests have drawn so highly, there remain
But years of hopeless thought, and still returning pain.
The world may scorn me, if they choose — I care
But little for their scoffings — I will think
Freely, while life shall linger on, and there
I find a plank, that bears me — I may sink
For moments, but I rise again, nor shrink
From doing what the love of Man inspires:
I will not flatter, fawn, nor crouch, nor wink
At what high-mounted wealth or power desires;
I have a loftier aim to which my soul aspires.

'Tis of no common order, but is fomided
On all the capabilities of Man,
Not like Condorcct's wakincf dreams, 'tis bounded
By what our free, unfettered efforts can,
The liii2:h career that Tally, Plato, ran,
Or higher still, the ideal they could form —
'Tis ignorance, not nature, puts the ban
On these bright, perfect visions, which could warm
Worthies of Old, who lived in virtue's darkest storm.
They saw Man sunk around them, groveling, vile,
A mass of brutal grossness, shivering fear,
Follies, that made the cold Abderite smile
And on his fellows look with bitter sneer,
And squalid woes, that drew the Ephesian's tear,
Which flowed for miseries he could not heal;
So wept the man, to whom all life was dear,
Whose heart was made most sensitive to feel,
And from a wretched world in hopeless sorrow steal.
He could not cure the malady — too deep
The poisoned dart was planted; but he gave
His witness, and his voice should never sleep,
A warning sound should issue from his grave,
And tell to ages words, which heard might save
From woes like those he suffered, woes like mine;
The man, who will speak boldly, and will brave
A thoughtless world's contempt, deserves to shine
Bright in the loftiest niche of Fame's enduring shrine.

percival's poems. 93
To feel a heart within thee, tender, flowing
In tears at others pain, and racked with thine,
A soul that longs for high attainments, glowing
For all that can ennohle, raise, refine.
Whose dearest longh)gs seem almost divine.
The insatiate grasp for knowledge, and the aim
Of tireless, fearless virtue, then to pine.
Unknown, unvalued, and to quench the flame
Of mind in some low slough, and bid farewell to fame.
