title: Prometheus, Part I (part 11 of 11)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 56
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

And why.^" because no hand was near to check
The wanderings of my childhood, but their care.
If care it could be called, which caused my wreck,
Made sin's descending path to me seem fair;
They poured her tempting fruits and viands there,
And kindled in my heart the lava stream
Of wasting passion — now I wake, and bare
Before me lie the horrors of that dream.
Which poor perverted youth the fairest Eden deem.
The world will never pity woes like mine —
'Tis only justice pouring out her flood —
I ask no pity, nor will I incline
Weakly before the cross, nor in the blood
Of others wash away my crimes — I stood
Alone, wrapped in suspicion and despair.
For they did goad me early to that mood —
I hate not men, but yet I will not share
Again their follies, hopes, their toils and fears, nor wear

94 percival's poems.
The mantle of the Hypocrite, nor bow
Before a fancied power, nor lisp the creed.
Which offers them new life, they know not how,
A blind belief, whose ministers will lead,
Even as a hireling slave the shackled steed,
The many, who' to nature's laws are blind —
The heart whom early wrongs have taught to bleed,
When blended with a bright and well stored-mind,
In solace such as this, no hope, no joy can find.
I will not lift my hand against those laws.
Which nature wears instamped upon her, nor
Gird me to battle in so weak a cause.
Nor waste my efforts in so fruitless warj
But I will weep the hopes I panted for,
Which virtue might have made reality.
And know that fortune with malignant star
Lighted my path, and with an evil eye
Left me to those who crawled in Epicurus' stye.
I see the charms of virtue — can I take
Again her narrow path, which leads to Heaven.'*
Beside it flows a fountain, which can slake
The temperate thirst of nature, there are given
Fruits which refresh, not kindle — I have striven
Against the long perversions of my frame.
And I will strive — but no, by passion driven,
In evil hour I do the deed of shame.
And for a time I quench the soul's reviving flame.

percival's poems. 95
I have no hand to cheer me — was there one.
Whom I must ever long for, was that heart
Still mine in all my failings, as the sun
Wakens a slumbering world, she might impart
New being to me, and my soul would start,
As giants from their sleep, to run the race
Of glory, and to hurl the unerring dart,
Where victory rears her palm branch — No, my chase
Of fame is done, and left behind it scarce a trace.
