title: Prometheus, Part II (part 1 of 14)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 150
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

AWAKE, thou sleeper, from thy languid dream
Of pleasure crowned with roses; thou must lake
Anew the harp of solemn tone — a theme '
Demands thee to attune it, which should wake
The fire within thy bosom hid, and break
The flowery fetters, that entwine thee: — Hark!
A clear voice calls thee, where the blue waves make
Music around the light and bounding bark, (ark.
That rides the shoreless sea of mind, a heaven-built
Fair shines the sun to greet thee on thy way
Over the hurried ocean — Heaven is clear
In its serenest vestment, light winds play
And sport along the billows, far and near
Earth, air, and sea, are beautiful, a sphere
Of purest light o'erhangs thee, full the sail
Swells, as the north-wind, in its mild career,
With the still breathing of a summer gale,
O'er the long-rolling deep doth steadily prevail.

98 pkrcival's poems.
On with thy voyage! leave the darker shore,
Where keener spirits feel their light grow dim,
And as thy white wing hastens on before
The breath of heaven, exalt thy farewell hymn;
Weave the fresh flowers to crown thy goblet's brim,
And pour thy offering to the Powers, who keep
Watch o'er the waters, while the vessel's rim
Rides low along the green wave, up the steep
Climbing, or sinking soft into the furrowed deep.
On o'er the boundless waters! thou wilt bear
Prayers for mild winds and sunshine;.every soul,
That hath a portion of Heaven's fire, will share
In all thy fortunes: whether ocean roll
Calm in a mellowed brightness, or the whole
Wrath of the tempest lash it, still steer on.
Joyous or firm in courage; Man's control
Is on the sea, and proudest wreaths are won
Alone in those wild storms where hardest deeds are done.
Up with thy swelling canvass! now the gale
Woos thee to strain thy cordage, down the bay
The small waves fleet like quick streams down the dale
Speeding o'er poUshed stones their babbhng way;
The shrill voice of the air forbids thy stay.
It summons thee to take the gift, it throws
With such a smile before thee: — now when day
Sits on its high throne, and the pure sky glows
Unclouded, as the form of things in beauty rosej

percival's poems. 99
Now, in this noon of life, this jubilee
Of the united elements, this flow
Of soul from eye to eye, this harmony
Of all that shine above with all below
In their unfaded loveliness, this glow
Of Nature in its manhood; now expand
All to the embrace of the sweet airs, that blow
Wafting fresh odours from the bowers they fanned.
To meet the sweeter breath of a diviner land:
Where on the coast the flowering myrtles bend,
Laden with Love's own garlands; in its rear
Towers a fair summit, where all treasures blend.
That Spring showers from her full urn; one may hear
Voices that speak all melody, tones dear
To young hearts, as the tones of those we love;
Sweeter the mellow touch, the more we near
The thicket where it dwells, as from her cove (grove.
The stock-dove's widowed voice comes wailing thro' the
Such is the land that welcomes thee afar
To cut thy long bright track, and proudly go,
Led by the light of a celestial star,
That from its seat of beauty sparkles so,
As mind from its dark portal; in the flow
Of the broad stream of ocean, with the sky
The dome to crown thy temple, and the glow
Of suns to light and cheer thee, send on high, (die;
From off thy full-toned harp, sounds that should never

100 percival's poems.
But with the hymns that have been sung of old,
Burnmg on hps of inspiration, glowing
Deep in those ancient hearts of keener mould,
With tireless energy their treasure throwing
In lavish gifts around them, and bestowing
New being on the wanderer of the wild;
Those spirits nerved with intellect, all-knowing,
Whose voice now roused in terror, now they smiled,
Reading soft words of love to the delighted child;
With these, and all who have been of the train,
That hold the power of harmony to give
Joy unto others, as the melting rain
Wakens the earth, so that all freshly live,
And, as again in infancy, revive
With an intenser hue and shade of green,
When the waked bees come thicker from their hive —
O! when these lords of harmony convene, (scene.
There be the farewell hymn that paints the parting
Farewell to the lost land, where life was young.
And the fresh earth seemed lovely; where the heart
First felt the thrill of ecstacy, when strung
With its fine tender chords, all could impart
Joy to its laughing innocence — I start
To find 1 am so cold, where all before
Was tinctured with divinity — we part,
Land of my early loves! thy once bright shore
Has lost its dearest charm — Farewell! we meet no more.
The world that is, seems Eden to the child
The rainbows on a bubble are a spell
To chain him in sweet wonder; O! how wild
Do the first wakened throbs of feeling swell,
There is no music like the village bell.
That o'er the far hills sends its silver sound.
There is no beauty like the forms, that dwell
In flower and bud, and shell and insect, found, (round.
When through the watered vale we take our infant
But this is for the new mind — soon we tire
Of all this simple loveliness, we form
Within a magic fane, whose sun-gilt spire
Biu'ns in the azure firmament — the storm
Is portion of its majesty, we warm.
Not tremble in the lightning's vivid glare —
Sounds must be heard from Heaven, that they inform
The spirit with the life of thought, and bear, (dare.
Through all their unseen flight, the souls that upward
The world imagined, to the world we feel,
Is glory and magnificence; we turn
From earth in sated weariness, but kneel
Before the pomp we dream of — when the urn
Holds all that now hath form and life, we spurn
The shackles, that debase us and confine;
Deep in its central fountain mind will burn
Brighter in darkness, like the gems that shine
With a fixed eye of fire, the stars of cave and mine.

102 percival's poems.
When the gay visions once so fair are fled,
Whefi time has dropped his rose-wreaths, and his brow
Hath only snows to shade it; hearts have bled,
And healed themselves to be all callous; now
In the cold years of vanished hope, we plough
And sow in barrenness to reap in blight —
Then the soul in its solitude doth bow
To its own grandeur, and from outer night
Turns to the world within, and finds all love and lighL
Darkness hath then no covering, but its veil
Is as a pictured curtain o'er a scene,
That hides the life of some bewitching tale,
And is itself all beauty; on the green
Before an ancient temple walks the queen
Of smiles, dispensing happiness to choirs
Of youths and maidens, whose ecstatic mien
Tells of the heart within, whose keen desires
Burn with the pure flame lit from Love's Olympian fires.
Not kindled from the altar, which below
Stood in Idaha, bowered in myrtle shades,
