title: Prometheus, Part II (part 2 of 14)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 147
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

The shrine of him who bore the bijrning bow,
Whose earthly passion, ere it ripens, fades:
'T is the one Spirit, who with light pervades
The infinite of being, but controls
Alike the insect floating through the glades
On the soft air of June, or human souls
New in their merry morn, or all that lives and rolls

percival's poems. 10:?
Wide through the waste of ether, sun, or star,
All linked by Harmony, which is the chain.
That binds to earth the orbs, that wheel afar
Through the blue fields of Nature's wide domain;
From the last glimmerer in the starry train,
To that which is to us the God of day.
From the beam glancing on the tossing main,
To the full floods, that o'er creation play.
And feed the lamps of life, all feel that boundless sway.
Love is attraction, and attraction love —
The meeting of two fond eyes, and the beat
Of two accordant pulses are above
Planets, that always tend, but never meet:
To us, that have a feeling, love is sweet,
The life of our existence, the great aim
Of all our hope and beauty — but they fleet,
Moments of fond endearment — years will tame
The electric throb of bliss, and quench the spirit's flame.
But yet there is to us a purer light,
And that is in the beautiful unfading.
The mould, wherein all phantoms of delight
Are fashioned into loveliness; the shading
Of earth may give it softness, kindly aiding
The weakness of our feebler nature, while
Mind has not fledged its pinions; soon pervading
Space in its daring, as a long-sought isle.
It turns with naked gaze to that Eternal smile.

104 percival's poems.
Whose charm is on the Universe, the blue
Mellowed with light's full essence on the sphere
Wrapping us in its mantle, whence the dew
Falls clear and pearly, like a tender tear
Shed on the hues, that fade so quickly here,
But are awhile so beautiful — the sea
That smooths its gold, or, as the light winds veer,
Crisps it, or decks it o'er with stars — the sea
Takes all it hath to charm. Eternal Love! from thee.
And thee the fountain's worship, where they lie
Curling in silent loveliness, or sending
Through the flowered vale, the brook that prattles by,
Twinkling o'er polished pebbles; willovvs bending
Wave in thy soft breath, when its fragrance lending
Balm to the new spring makes the Earth perfume:
All hues, that o'er the tufted meadow blending.
As the wind sinks or rises oft, assume (bloom.
New shades and tints, in thee expand their buds and
In thee all creatures gladden, on the air
Moving their film}' wings, or calm at sail
Skimming the winding water sheeted fair.
As the sun walks above it — their bright mail
Burns on the polished mirror, which doth vail
To the bossed form, that studs it like a gem —
Whether their serried pinions cut the gale.
Or their quick-glancing fins the current stem,
Or earth is their domain — Thy life enkindles them.

percival's poems. 105
And Man becomes thy worshipper, when first
The sense of beauty wakens him to kneel
Before the images, which thou hast nurst,
And stamped them with thy deep eternal seal;
Forms from which age and ruin cannot steal
The pure free grace of nature — hut they wear
The magic charm, in which we hve and feel
That we have caught a higher sense, and bear
New wrought within our souls the essence of the fair.
And to those forms of light our wishes tend,
And our fixed longing is to stand and gaze,
Where, to the Parian stone the mind doth lend
Its own divinity, and pour its rays
Harmonious o'er the canvass, where life plays
In the flushed cheek, blue veins, and speaking eye,
And lip with passion trembling — Mind can raise
From its unseen conceptions, where they lie
Bright in their mine, forms, hues, that look Eternity;
That send through the long waste of ages, pure
From the corruption of a grosser time.
Those models of perfection, which endure,
The guides of all the graceful and sublime
In our own nature, fashioned in the clime
Of the sweet myrtle, and the kindling vine.
Of roseate skies, green vales, and rocks that climb
Amid the never-wasting snows, and shine
In the glad Sun — the seat of all they held divine.

106 percival's poems.
It was from gazing on the fairy hues
That hung around the born and dying day,
The tender flush, whose mellow stain imbues
Heaven with all freaks of light, and where it lay
Deep-bosomed in a still and waveless bay,
The sea" reflected all that glowed above,
Till a new sky, softer but not so gay,
Arched in its bosom, trembled like a dove,
When o'er her silken plumes wanders the light of love.
It was from gazing on them, when the flowers
First wakened from their wintry sleep, and flung
Their first warm tints o'er garden beds and bowers,
When from the temple roof the swallow sung,
And in the thorny thicket sweetly rung, (tone
Through the still moonlight hours, the heart-breathed
Of the lone warbler — when the loosed steed sprung
Bright o'er the sounding plain, and the charmed zone,
In one soft twine of love, round all that lived was thrown.
When there were dances in the Platane shades.
And the vine-arbours breathed with music — Night
Looked from her starry throne on youths and maids,
Bounding and shouting in their full delight,
From the round orb of azure sparkled bright
The spirit in its ecstacy, wreathed gold
Flowed tressed behind them, as their footsteps light
Leaped in the mazy ring, and the wide fold
Of mantles waved to fly the clasping girdle's hold:

percival's poems. 107
And feeling voices blended with the lute.
Raising the hymn to beauty and to love,
The parent and the infant boy — the flute,
In tempered sweetness, flowing like the dove
In her deep sorrow, from the elm above
The dark stream sleeping in seclusion; so,
As the voice ceased, and Echo from her cove
Answered, the flute, in one continual flow,
Breathed every winding note and falling touch of woe:
And smiles were changed to tears, the dance became
Still, and the dancers breathless; you might see
In the soft dews of sorrow quenched the flame
Of buoyant passion; — soon the sound of glee
Rang on the merry cymbal-, then all free,
As the winds hurry o'er the mountains, beat,
In numbered steps attuned to melody,
Round the close-shaven green their glancing feet.
Light as the spotted fawns through Tegean forests fleet.
And there the pencil and the chisel drew
Apollos and Dianas; there they wrought
Into one form the charms that nature threw
Round the fair youth of Athens; there they sought
All the soft lines of elegance, and caught
The grandeur too of loveliness, which lends
Power to the young god; there they culled and brought
From innocent forms the perfect grace, which sends
Such magic on the heart of youth, that awed it bends.
