title: Prometheus, Part II (part 3 of 14)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 149
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

108 percival's poems.
Once they were planted in a marble fane
Built to the Power that in the statue stood,
Or underneath the blue sky on the plain,
Or m the shadow of a sacred wood,
Or where the poplar quivered o'er the flood,
Itself m air, its image glassed below:
But now they stand, the artist's holy food,
Where the high dome permits the light to flow,
Aloft above the crowd that wondering gaze below.
And there they stand, still perfect; though the stain
Of centuries has lent to them a hue,
Which tells of age and change, 't is not in vain.
But is their triumph: they have risen through
The roar of ruin round them, to renew
Taste in the land of music, and of form,
And tint, and shade — So eagerly we view
The long-tost bark, that rudely beat the storm, (swarm.
And rode unharmed, unwrecked, where all its terrors
They stand replete with life, the marble speaks,
And the cold eye looks passion; they might tell
Of cultured fields, where now the dead fen reeks.
Of pomp and feast, where bats and night birds dwell;
Though from their first-raised pedestal they fell,
Yet they revived in glory. It is sure,
Stamped by the seal of nature, that the well
Of Mind, where all its waters gather pure,
Shall with unquestioned spell all meaner hearts allure..

percival's poems. 109
We gaze on them, and on the ancient page,
And read its mystic characters, which seem,
Through the expanding haziness of age,
The fading forms of a majestic dream.
Cold is the heart, that not on such a theme
Feels the warm spirit kindle — 't is- the sound
Of a gone trumpet rolling on the stream
Of Time, and catching still at each rebound
Deeper and clearer tones to bear its warning round,
And ever waken from the dull repose
Of peace and plenty, where we waste in rust
That love of high emprise, which ever glows.
When the roused mind hath sternly shook the dust
From off its robe, and in a child-like trust
To its own inspiration, and the power
That speaks from buried nations, at the bust
Of ancient mind gives worship, in the hour (shower.
When the waked eyes of Heaven their tempering influence
Language of Gods and Godlike men! thy tone
First sounded on Olympus from the lyre
Of the glad virgins, when around the throne
They raised the joyful Paean, in a choir
Alternate with Apollo, sitting higher,
The sovereign of all harmony — thence came
That sounding speech, whose words, imbued with fire,
Could the wild wave of Athens bend and tame.
And wreath the Poet's harp with locks of lambent flame.

Thy faintest tone is music — when thy words
Come o'er my ear, I seem on wings at play
With every bard who sung thee, like the birds,
Who feed on dewy air, and float in day,
Speeding in endless round their lives away,
Aloft above the region of the storm.
Where nought can soil their golden plumes, nor stay
Their swift career — no sudden gust deform
The beauty of their flight, but all is still and warm.
And the clear sun stands over them, his hair
Waves gloriously athwart the perfect blue;
There is no rustling in the deep calm air,
But one eternal tide is rolling through
The far expanse, and thus it ever drew
The waves of Ether in its willing train;
Higher than ever wing of eagle flew,
Or white curl dimmed the noon-vault with its stain,
There, bird of Eden, spreads thy pure and bright domain.
And thou too hast a voice, and oft at night.
When thy wing winds among the stars, 't is said
By those who watch the sky in fixed delight,
On fairy dreams of wooing fortune led.
When the cools winds, around the flowery bed
Hid in the garden alcove, long delay.
Because the spot is fragrant, then 't is said
The midnight gazer hears thee far away,
liike a sweet angel's voice, salute the coming day.

percival's poems. Ill
Fit image of those subtile kindled souls,
Who spurned at baseness, and arose from earth
Indignantly, who fixed in Heaven their goals,
Whose only rival was departed worth;
Whose restless passion laboured in the birth
Of moral greatness — whether on the page.
Statue, or canvass, round the quiet hearth,
On the loud Pynx, or in the sanguine rage
Of fight — they sought to charm and conquer every age.
And this with such a language, sweetly blending
All in one round of fulness, that it flowed
A streamlet or a torrent, ocean sending
Its bhie waves on its rocky barrier — glowed
Sparkles of beauty thickly o'er it — strode
Mind on its breast, like Gods, who sail through air
Throned on a tempest cloud — whether the ode
Burned, or the epic thundered, or the fair (there.
Fond Lesbian sighed and wooed, the magic sound wa?
Yes, but the accent, the nice touch and tone.
Have perished with the tongues whose melody
Was Music's essence — Yes, the sound has flown
With the keen life aloft, where it will be
Absorbed and blended in Eternity,
The spirit of a grander, purer time:
Language of Heaven, O lend thy voice to me!
Give me the perfect note, the tempered chime,
That I at times may feel and live with the sublime;

112 percival's poems.
That I may read the rhapsodies and odes,
And proud harangues, and flowing histories,
Those flights, where mortals mingled with the Gods,
And threw their eye beyond the life that is;
Those sun-bright lessons of the good and wise,
Those golden songs of a diviner age —
O! could my mind but gain that long-sought prize,
O! could I take the early Grecian rage,
And pour Homeric fire along my wandering page —
There should be altars to thee, and the flame
Should be ethereal, no gross earthly fire
Should taint their marble purity, but tame
The spark of Heaven should tremble down the wire,
And with the lightest element conspire,
To roll full floods of snowy light to thee,.
And I would warm my spirit in that pyre.
And all, that lives within my heart, should be
Devoted to thy will, Eternal Harmony!
Are there not moments, when we fly from earth,
And dwell in ether? Are there no bright hours
Along the dull of life? Is not the dearth
Of feeling quickened, and the dormant powers
Wakened, by living with the domes and towers
We fly to o'er the bounding sea? — O fane
Of Grecian wisdom! that in ruin lours
Over the rage of ignorance, again (stain.
Thou shalt be bright, renewed, and pure from every

percival's poems. 113
And I would go, and worship at thy door;
I dare not enter, where thy form doth rear
That beaming lance, which stilled the battle's roar,
And stopped the clang of sword, the hum of spear,
Cutting the murk air in its dark career.
And thirsting for the shouting warrior's blood;
I feel within my soul a holy fear
Forbidding me to enter thy abode, (trod.
Where none but grandest minds and purest hearts have
