title: Prometheus, Part II (part 4 of 14)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 150
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Wisdom enshrined in beauty — O! how high
The order of that loveliness; the blue
That rolls and flashes in thy full round eye,
Thy forehead arched with such a stainless hue,
As crowns the eternal mountains lifted through
The gathered night of clouds, the smile, the frown,
Blended in sweetness — all in thee can view
How mind and virtue linked, alone bring down (crown.
On mortal heads from Heaven the star-wreathed laurel
Would I might stand beneath thy temple's roof.
Closed from the entrance of all common light,
From all the sound and stir of man aloof.
Whose dark air makes thy eegis doubly bright,
As the broad flash glares through the cloud of night
With an intenser redness — could I stand
Beneath thy roof, and from thy pure lips write
The volume of all Truth, but no! my hand
Will not — I am not one by whom thy lore is scanned.

114 pekcival's poems.
No — I should rather fly among the bowers
That bloom aromid the Idalian dome, and take
From soft Sicilian plains the leaves and flowers.
Of which a coronal of love to make —
Better for me a seat beside the lake,
Where the enchanter erst his wild harp hung
To moulder in the birches — why not wake
Those witching notes again? Shall they be flung (strung?
To the wild mountain winds from chords so long un-
And now I turn me to the misty island,
Which rises with its white cliff's from the ocean,
I turn to where the storm broods on the highland.
And the sea lifts its waves in angry motion,
And there again I feel a new devotion
Come with a spell of power athwart me; light
Burns, blazes over Greece, but wild commotion
Heaves in the bosoms of the north; their flight (night.
Is on the whirlwind's wing, their home the womb of
They follow nature, who hath girt their hills
With a dark belt of pines, whose fitful roar,
Far wafted on the wind, the stout heart fills
With its own wild sublimity; the shore
Breasts the rude shock of waves, that rush before
The north wind bursting from the icy pole;
Yon peaks, that lift their foreheads bald and hoar,
Where the long wreaths, that tell of tempest, roll,
Stamp mightily and deep their grandeur on the soul.

percival's poems. 115
They love the "ock, whose dark brow beetles far
Into the wallowing ocean, whose white waves
Join round the thundering crag in mingled war,
Where in the hollow cavern echo raves,
Like the long groans that seem to come from graves,
When sheeted spectres burst their cerements; high
The gannet wheels and screams, then, stooping, braves
The fury of the surge that rushes by,
And then rolls dim and far to mingle with the sky.
Their home is on the mountain, where in mist
They darkly dwell, and when the hollow sound
Of the crushed woods comes on, they fondly list
To hear the winds wake up, and gather round,
Till from each rocky battlement they bound,
Mingling and deepening, like the waves in war.
Which on the mid-sea heave and strive around
The rock, that dares their madness; loud afar
Rolls on the foam-lit main the rush of Odin's car.
And when the night comes down, and deeper gloom
Falls on the cloud, that wraps the height in shade,
When the mist moves away, and opens room
To catch a glimpse of lakes in moon-light laid,
For all below is by the clear wind made
Serene in brightness, then the lone bard throws
A glance on distant beauty, and the maid.
White as the foam that on the lashed wave rose.
Sits lonely in her bower, and weeps her tender woes.

116 percival's poems.
Their tenderness is dark; it hath the hue
Of their own watery skies, and thence they bear
Its tints of paleness, for the light sent through
The floating veil of mist, that dims the air,
Sheds a faint glimmering on the landscape there,
So that the earth seems weeping; when they mourn
Their tones are wild but soft; they do not tear
With a new pang the heart already torn,
That finds in the still look, what kills, yet must be borne.
The soaring of their heights uplifts the soul,
And gives their heaven-ward daring to the heart,
And the tossed waves, that midway round them roU
Seeming below, as if they were a part
Of a new ocean raging there, will dart
Their sternness on the eye, that loves to rise
From the low vale, and as it gazes start
To see above them floating in the skies
Peaks white with eldest snow, and gilt with sunset dies.
Dofra, thy brow is in that upper air.
No cloud e'er went as high, the eagle's wing
Has been thy oiily visitant, thy bare
And pillared cone is such a glorious thing
To the far-gazing Norseman, when the sting
Of a fond love of country prompts him on
To worship at thy base, and upward spring
To thy eternal walls, which in the sun
Flash far and purely forth, when the long day is done.
Far round thy fir-shagged base the torrent winds,
Hoarse as the voice of Liberty, who bears
With open breast the tempest, when it binds
Seas in its chain of frost, whose brow still wears
Part of its once deep frown, the will that dares
All, when invasion threats — that torrent leaps
Down the dark gulf, and with its dashing tears
The rock in deeper rents, and ever keeps
Wild music in the wood, that o'er it bends and weeps;
The roar of waters, and the rush of winds (throw
Through the blacjt boughs, whose tangled branches
Night o'er the rift, ^here the dashed vapour blinds,
And distant down the gushing waters glow
In their intense convulsion, as they go
Plunging and lifting high their frothy swell;
Then, as a new-sprung arrow, on they flow,
Roaring along a pit that seems a hell,
Where the shook caverns ring their echoes like a knell.
So Mind takes colour from the cloud, the storm,
The ocean, and the torrent: where clear skies
Brighten and purple o'er an earth, whose form
In the sweet dress of southern summer lies,
Man drinks the beauty with his gladdened eyes,
And sends it out in music — where the strand
Sounds with the surging waves, that proudly rise
To meet the frowning clouds, the soul is manned
To mingle in their wrath, and be as darkly grand.

118 percival's poems.
Nature! when looking on thee, I become
Renewed to my first being, and am pure,
As thou art bright and lovely; from the hum
Of cities, where men linger and endure
That wasting death, which kills them with a sure
But long-felt torture, I now haste away
To climb thy rugged rocks, and find the cure
Of all my evils, and again be gay
In the clear sun, that gilds the fair autumnal day.
I cannot look upon those cloudless skies
And not be lifted, for they seem to spread
With an unbounded vastness, and 'they rise
Beyond the height, where early fancy, led
By its own grand aspirings, which were fed
On hopes nursed in their shrines below, had given
To the first Powers their throne; so, o'er my head
As by an ever-moving hand still driven.
Wider and wider spreads the azure deep of Heaven.
I gaze and I am vaster — thought takes wing
From off the rock I stand on, and goes far
