title: Prometheus, Part II (part 5 of 14)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 144
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Into the pure blue gulf, and there I bring
The myriad bands of night, and set each star
In its peculiar station, till they wear
All forms of brightness, and a magic train.
Show all the fabled world in picture there,
And then I seem to range them o'er again.
Like him who read them first on the Chaldean plain.

But Nature! thou hast more beneath me bright
In their rich autumn tints, than all I throw
Over the crystal arch, whose tranquil light
Takes every hue of mellowness below;
It kindles in the orchard's ruddy glow,
And on the coloured woods, whose dying shade
Crowns the tall mountain with a wreath, whose flow,
Softly descending to the silent glade,
Seems like the evening cloud in airy tints arrayed.
And where the river winds along the vale,
Bending through sloping hills, which o'er it lift
Oaks faintly yielding to the rudest gale,
And clinging with close twining to the rift
Of the steep rocks, which, as the wild winds drift
The rain-clouds o'er their quivering tops, still rise
Contending with the gust, whose flight is swift.
Scouring with stormy wing the cold dun skies.
On which the flock look up with faint imploring eyes.
Through that low watered vale a sanguine stream
Winds, where the maple gives its leaf a hue
Of deepest carmine, and those wreathed boughs* teem
With the same tint of blood and berries blue;
Deeper their contrast, as they meet us through
The oak's dark russet and the walnut's brown;
There we might weave of falling leaves a new
And brighter wreath than earth e'er gave, to crown
The sun of lower life, before its light went down.

120 percival's poems.
There is a pensive spirit in those woods,
The sighing of the lone wind in their leaves
Has much to soften; there the sunk heart broods
Intenser o'er its many wrongs, and grieves
With a far purer sorrow; it believes,
With fond illusion, that a form is there
Who hath her sorrows too; and then he weaves,
Of the pale-tinted flowers, a wreath, to bear
On his dishevelled locks, the garland of despair.
To look upon thy form, thou dying year.
To see thy brightest honours thickly shed.
As withered flowers are scattered on a bier
By pious hands, who mourn a loved one dead;
To think how all, that spring and summer spread
Of freshness and maturity, are torn
By the rude winds; how coldly in their stead
The crusted frost hangs glimmering on the thorn.
And bends the widowed boughs, that stoop as if forlorn:
To think on this, and on the breathing hues.
That wreathed the same earth in its fairest prime
When the glad season with its life imbues
The very clods, and wakens from the slime
Of the low marsh, new forms, that spread a time
A pictured mantle o'er it; when it blows.
Mocking the beauty of a tropic clime,
Where one eternal round of flowering throws (glows:
New bloom to crown the fruit, that swells and ripening
To think on infancy, and then on death,
In the wild herb, or those fair forms we bind
Close to our hearts, as if their life and breath
Were portion of our being, where the mind
Is heightened, and all sympathies refined
To that high state, where we are not our own.
To think on death — to leave the looks, that wind
Round all our thoughts their tenderness — alone
To sit and hear the winds make sad and solemn moan
Through the dark pines, whose foliage, in the sway
Of fitful gusts, waves mournfully, and throws
From its fine threads a sound, that sinks away
Faintly and sweetly, to a dying close.
Like a soft air to which the boatman rows.
Over the moon-lit lake his gliding keel.
Which comes more calmly, for the still wind blows
So meekly through the summer night, we feel
Scarce on our wakeful ear the whispered echo steal;
To think on death, and how it rends the links
Of long and close communion, how it tears
One and another chord, till the heart sinks
Without one friend, on whom to lay its cares,
And take his in return; — the spirit bears
Better a loved one's woes, than those it feels
Spring in its own lost hopes; — the heart that shares
With a long bosom friend his burdens, heals
Its wounds, and still is soft; — alone, their closing steels:

122 pekcival's poems.
'T is good to think on death — it bends the will
From that stern purpose, which no man can hold
And yet be happy; — we must go and fill
Thought with afl'ection, where pale mourners fold
The shroud around those chill limbs, whose fair mould
Imaged unearthly beauty. Why not blend
With tears awhile, and leave that stern, that cold
Contempt of all that waits us, when we end
Our proud career in death, where all, hope lifted, bend»
'T is good to hold communion with the dead,
To walk the lane, where bending willows throw
Gloom o'er the dark green turf, ere day is fled,
And cast deep shadow on the tomb below;
For, as we muse thus silently, we know
The worth of all our longings, and we pay
New worship unto purity, and so
We gather strength to take our toilsome way.
Which must be meekly borne, or life be thrown away.
Better live long and tranquilly, if pure,
Than rush into the madness of a crowd.
Where all are eager for the prize, none sure;
Where busy voices clamour long and loud,
And man, shows in the strife, how feebly proud
Are his best aims to raise himself, and cast
His fellows in his rear — how keen, when bowed
Beneath a firmer heel, he finds at last, (past.
Are the condemning thoughts, that mock him, of the
But I must turn again to higher themes,
And, from the lifted summit where I stand,
Casting a rapid glance o'er hills and streams.
That chequer with their light a happy land,
Must find again my better powers expand
To a fit harmony with earth and sky,
Which spread before me, with so vast a hand,
Those forms that seem to bear eternity
Stamped on their iron brows, where age will ever be:
The gray rocks, and the mountains wrapped in blue,
Towering far distant through the silent air.
That sleeps in noon-light, but in morning blew
Fresh o'er the russet plain, and scattered there
Shadows from flitting clouds, that earth seemed fair
Rob'd in a sheet of light, and then grew dim; —
Far distant through the haze, those mountains bear
Sky-lifted walls, that frown along the brim
Of earth, and as I gaze, in vapour seem to swim.
They rise with twofold vastness through the dun
And quivering air, that broods along the heath.
Which gilds its dark waste with the reddening sun,
Whose sinking light seems ominous of death;
Air now is hushed, and not a whispered breath,
Bears from the cedar woods one sound away
To speak of life; a lightly curling wreath
O'er the far lake alone is seen to play.
And give one fairy hue to the departing day.
