title: Prometheus, Part II (part 6 of 14)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 149
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

124 percival's poems.
'T is the fit hour of high and solemn thought;
The sun sinks lower, and a wave of flame
Burns on the distant peaks; I feel my lot
Too scanty for those inner powers, that frame
Visions of glory, which no want should tame
To the poor level of our common days;
I would be with the heights, which stand the same,
Catching through countless years the dying rays,
That every evening crown the rocks in one full blaze.
And here shall be my temple, where I pay
Devotion unto Nature, here the throne
On which my soul shall sit, and pass away
Beyond where ever wing of air has flown,
Or first-created beam of morning shone,
Through the void infinite, the far expanse.
Spread out beyond all life, by thought alone
Pervaded, where no atoms in their dance, (chance.
Ere sun and star came forth, rolled on the waves of
To think is to exist, and when we go
Far in the range of intellect, we seem
Heightened in our existence: brute below
Move the dull crowd, a slow and sluggish stream,
Who think us madmen, who on mountains deem
There are more lofty musings, and new force
Caught from the purer air and clearer beam;
They know no upward hours, and as their source
Of life is in the dust, such is their being's course.

percival's poems. -125
They are the pillars on which nations rest,
Useful, but rude. All beauty took its birth
In the rank mould — now worshipped and caressed,
It once lay buried in its parent earth;
And thus the mean and sordid have their worth,
To bear aloft the finer form, and rear
The prouder seat of soul, that sallies forth
High in a purer element, to hear
The lore of minds who dwell in a celestial sphere;
Who have been in the common herd, but long
Have found a home more genial, and have grown
From this our infancy of reason, strong
In all that gives to intellect the tone
Of an exalted essence, such as shone
Faint in the bard and sage of ancient days;
Earth was around them — now, they would not own
Those visions, where they wandered in a maze
Of dreams, that were sublime, and dazzle all who gaze.
But these were dreams of infancy; they broke
The chain of earthly appetite — the will
To be all greatness burst the binding j'^oke
That ever bore their spirit downward, till
They leaped on a free pinion to fulfil
The grandeur they had purposed — then the sky
Received them in its bosom, where they still
Haste on in eager hopes that never die,
To read all things that are, with jin unsated eye.

126 percival's poems.
Space is to them an ocean, where they rush
Voyaging in an endles circle; light
Comes from within, and as the mountains flush,
When morning sails athwart them, so their flight
Kindles all things, they pass by, with so bright
And searching glance, they read them in their core:
Like a quick meteor hasting on in night.
They wander through a sea without a shore,
Which still hath something new to gather to their store.
And they too have a centre, where they tend;
The Universe rolls round it; there all power
Comes and goes forth; though lesser beings end
Wasting, and born, and dying every hour,
Yet like the fabled amaranthine flower,
That ever held the same unfading glow.
Shedding its fragrance through the holy bower,
Where angels took their slumbers, in a flow
That bore a sense of Heaven to purer hearts below:
Yet like that never dying flower, the whole
Lives one unchanging round, and ever draws
New motion from the animating soul.
Which acts on matter with eternal laws,
And is to each event the one first cause.
From which all changes emanate; like rays,
All spirits point to this, and there they pause.
And when all worlds are passed, the soul there lays
Its separate life aside, and mingles in that blaze.

percival's poems. 127
Here we have only moments, when we speed
Round the aerial ocean, o'er whose tides
The mind goes onward, like the breathless steed,
On which the wretch, who flies his ruin, rides;
But the base will to earth forever guides
The soaring pinion in its highest flight;
We cannot go where the free spirit glides
Serenely in a flowing wave of light;
We may be bright awhile, but more of life is night.
'T is a vain toil to send our fancy on,
In quest of higher worlds than this we know;
Cold want will come, when all we sought is won,
And then our new-fledged wing must stoop below;
I am not to the hope of Heaven a foe.
It comforts, lifts, and widens, all who share
In the pure streams that from its fountain flow;
We must be pure ourselves, if we would dare
Take of the holy fire that wells and gushes there.
'T is a weak madness, or a base deceit.
To talk of hope like this, when life is stained
With all rank reeking grossness when we meet.
In a fair life, a goodness all unfeigned.
Where one long love of purity hath reigned,
And the meek spirit charms us, like the rose
That in a thicket lurks, and there hath gained
Sweetness from all it fed on, till it throws
New fragrance on the wind — we give a Heaven to those.

They have a Heaven on earth; it ever springs
In the calm round of tender feeling, shown
By the dear cares and toils which Nature wrings,
With a most gentle pressure, from the lone
But happy parent, who amid her own,
Smiling like first-blown flowers around her, feeds
Her spirit with their looks of love; unknown
She lives within her shrine; her fond heart needs
No tongue to tell her worth, to gladden in her deeds.
They have their own reward: it is the law
Of our existence, that our hearts should cling
To those who from our life their being draw;
The favours that we render, ever bring
Closer the cherished, till they are a thing
We cannot sever from us, but they tear
Roots from our hearts; the thankless child may sting.
Even as a serpent, but we meekly bear (there.
All wrongs, and when the storm beats on him, clasp him
The feeling of a parent never dies
But with our moral nature; all in vain
The wretch, by cold and cruel spurning, tries
To change that love to hate: the sense of pain
Shoots keenly through a mother's heart, the chain
Wound through life's tender years twines closer so;
Feelings, that in our better hours had lain
Silent, are often waked by some deep throe.
And as the torture racks, our loves in tenser grow.

percival's poems. 129
We send these fond endearments o'er the grave,
Heaven would be Hell, if loved ones were not there,
And any spot a Heaven, if we could save
From every stain of earth, and thither bear
The hearts that are to us our hope and care,
The soil, whereon our purest pleasures grow;
Around the quiet hearth we often share,
From the quick change of thought, the tender flow
Of fondness waked by smiles, the world we love, below.
