title: Prometheus, Part II (part 7 of 14)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 150
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

But now I turn me to the setting sun.
Whose broad fire dips behind yon rock, a tower
Fit for the eagle's aerie; day is done.
And earth is hushed at evening's dewy hour;
Down the high wooded peak a golden shower
Flows through the twinkling leaves, that lightly play
In the cool wind, that wakens from its bower
Hung, where the curling river winds away (bay;
Through the green watered vale, to meet the sheeted
On which the moon, who long had watched the set
Of the bright lord who gives her light, but dims
Her brightness, when they two in Heaven are met,
Casts her pale shadow, which as softly swims.
As nymphs, who cleave the wave with snowy limbs,
Like lilies floating on a falling stream,
Whose incense-breathing cup now lightly skims
The crinkling sheet, and now with opal gleam
Dips in the brook, and takes from air a brighter beam

130 percival's poems.
Which is condensed, and parted into hues
That charm us in the rainbow; each waved tip
Of the glossed petals, in that light imbues
Its paleness with an iris fringe; the lip
Thus takes a sweeter beauty, when we sip
The infant stream of life, from some bright bowl
Fretted with eastern flowers; and as they drip
From the new rose, the pearls of morning roll
Such tints upon the eye, they pass into the soul.
Sunlight and moonlight now are met in Heaven;
This, like a furnace blazing, in the west
Lifts a wide flame, that, as a banner driven.
Glows where the mountain lake unfolds its breast;
And every tree in amber locks is tressed,
Flowing in waved fire down the green hill-side;
Round the far eastern sky the blue is dressed
With blushes, like a sweet Circassian bride,
Who looks with melting eye on Helle's rolling tide.
The vast arch lifts a darker canopy,
The perfect dome of nature, reared aloft
Above the columned rocks, that send it high,
Like a round temple roof, which rises soft
Melting in evening air, where sunbeams waft
Flashes, that tip with gold the pointed spire,
And crown the statue there, and gem the haft
Of the bent sword, that, like a stream of fire,
Waves o'er the startled crowd, the sign of God's first ire.

percival's poems. 131
But as I turn me to the silent sea,
Where not a wind is breathing, no calm swell
Creeps slowly whispering on; where in his lee,
Through the far deep, the sailor-boy can tell,
On the white bed of sand, each twisted shell,
That lies, where never waves in tempest sweep; —
I look, and as I hear the vesper bell
Swing solemnly afar, the moon beams keep
Watch o'er the silver tide, that now is hushed in sleep.
Day fades, and night grows brighter in her orb,
Which walks the blue air with a queen-like smile,
And seems with a soft gladness to absorb
All the deep blaze, that lit yon rocky pile.
Where the sun took his farewell glance, the while
He rested on the throne of parting day,
Which is his royal seat; — as a far isle
Rolling amid the upper deep its way.
The moon glides on, as glides her shadow on the bay.
Beauty is doubled here, and both are fair,
But the reflection hath a paler tint,
As when from out a calm and hazy air
The first wan rays in frosted autumn glint;
The moon aloft comes freshly from the mint,
Where first she took her loveliness; the bright
And dark she bears, like bosses, by the dint
Of a deep die, give changes to her light.
As if a snowy veil with glittering pearls were dight.

i32 fercival's poems.
Night steals apace, and brings the hour of stars,
Which come emerging from Heaven's azure flowj
First in the west the loving planet bears
The charm of light, that hath a power to throw
Hope on the impassioned heart, who in her glow
Reads the fond omen of his happy flame;
She leads the way; then thicker splendours go,
Each to his seat, as when at once they came
Obedient to the voice, whose word all power can tame.
And now the night is full; unnumbered eyes
Look on us from infinitude; the dome.
Whereon they hang, in darker azure lies
Romid their intenser light; as when the foam
Crests the green wave, when barks are hurrying home
From the wild cloud, that skirts the brooding sky,
And gives the sea a frown, before it come
To plow the surge in wrath, and roll it by
The rock, which in that rush still lifts its forehead high.
They gather on the far expanded arch,
Each in their separate orders, and go on
Sweeping the long dark vault in silent march.
Until at last the western goal is won,
Or on the orient hill the morning sun
Come forth and quench their lesser light; yon plain
Is a wide list, where higher souls may run
In the bright form of star, and grandly gain
The only good reward, which here we seek in vain.

percival's poems. 133
No wonder nations worshipped here, and bowed
Their foreheads in the dust before the fires
That watch o'er earth, and seem to speak aloud
The deeds of unborn ages; — man aspires
To the high seat of gods, and never tires
To read the infinite, the past, and throw
Looks full of hope before him; so those fires,
Which are so high, and look so far, must know
All that is big with fate, and will have birth below.
Faith centres in the sky; — 't is there we turn.
When earth is only darkness, there we send
Our vows to those we fear, and there we burn,
When the last pulse beats low, to find the end
Of all we hate, and thus in hope we tend
To the high dwelling of the stars; — bright souls
Love with the purer elements to blend,
And so, when the deep knell its parting tolls,
They gaze on the pure light that ever round us rolls:
So those, who have been gifted with the flame
Of an ascending intellect, whose light
Kindled as death drew near, and seemed the same,
Or fairer on the verge of being's night; —
So they have fixed their last look on the bright
Clear sky, as if awhile insphered and bound
In a full sense of glory; — their delight
Was too intensely keen to have a sound;
It spake in the long smile they cast so calmly roimd.

134 pekcival's poems.
The sun was setting when the Guebre drew
His parting breath; he gazed in worship there,
Life seemed concentred in that ardent view,
His spirit wandered into worlds of air,
To mingle with his god, and dying share
In the last flash of day; — the cold dim glaze
Fell on his eye, but yet he oft would bear
A fond look to the cloud, that drank the rays,
And then he calmly died, as one who only pays
Devotion on his pillow, ere he draw
His curtain round, and close his eye in sleep;
That fond idolater in dying saw.
As the day sank in glory in the deep.
That rolled in gilt waves o'er it with the sweep
Of a far-flashing brightness, there his eye
Beheld his god enshrined; — his soul could leap,
At such a calm and holy hour, to lie
Serenely on his couch, and with his loved lord die.
Centre of light and energy! thy way
