title: Prometheus, Part II (part 9 of 14)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 151
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

140 percival's poems.
I too have been upon thy rolling breast,
Widest of waters! I have seen thee lie
Calm, as an infant pillowed in its rest
On a fond mother's bosom, when the sky,
Not smoother, gave the deep its azure die,
Till a new Heaven was arched and glassed below,
And then the clouds, that gay in sunset fly,
Cast on it such a stain, it kindled so.
As in the cheek of youth the living roses grow.
I too have seen thee on thy surging path,
When the night tempest met thee; thou didst dash
Thy white arms high in Heaven, as if in wrath
Threatening the angry sky; thy waves did lash
The labouring vessel, and with deadening crash
Rush madly forth to scourge its groaning sides;
Onward thy billows came to meet and clash
In a wild warfare, till the lifted tides (rides.
Mingled their yesty tops, where the dark storm-cloud
In thee, first light, the bounding ocean smiles.
When the quick winds uprear it in a swell.
That rolls in glittering green around the isles.
Where ever-springing fruits and blossoms dwell;
O! with a joy no gifted tongue can tell,
I hurry o'er the waters, when the sail
Swells tensely, and the light keel glances well
Over the curling billow, and the gale
Comes off from spicy groves to tell its winning tale.

percival's poems. 141
The soul is thine; of old thou wert the Power
Who gave the Poet life, and I in thee
Feel raj heart gladden, at the holy hour,
When thou art sinking in the silent sea;
Or when I climb the height, and wander free
In thy meridian glory, for the air
Sparkles and burns in thy intensity;
I feel thy light within me, and I share
In the full glow of soul thy spirit kindles there.
All have their moments, when the world looks dark
Behind, around, before them: Some have steeled
Their hearts to hope, and put out every spark
Faith lends the future — minds, who will not yield
To aught but sense, who lurk beneath a shield
That bears unshocked the rudest brunt of fate;
They boast of their fixed hardness — they have healed
All the heart's wounds by searing — love and hate
Have died alike — unmoved they sit, and sternly wait
Death, which hath lost all terrors, in the cold
Stifling of every passion and desire;
'T is the same sound, whether the bell has tolled,
Or the flute warbled out the lover's fire;
They laugh at Heaven and all who there aspire.
Who lowly crouch and bend to fear, they mock;
They strive, while they have vigour; when they tire
They sit and muse, like Marius on a rock.
And thus in calm deep thought the Book of Life unlock:

142 percivat/s poems.
" It came, is gone, whence, whither, none can know:
Darkness behind, as deep a gloom before:
Wave after wave our generations go
Rolhng to break upon an unknown shore;
Awhile we toss and sparkle, then no more
The eye beholds our being, we are fled,
And they who moved alone, and they who bore
Navies and convoys, soon, as quickly sped,
Have vanished in the waste dark vacuum of the dead.
"Graves tell no tales, but silence dread and deep
Broods over them forever; one long night
Wraps all that enter their domain in sleep,
On which no day hath ever poured its light;
But Time, as it advances, still doth write
Eternity above their dark repose;
Ages have wheeled away in silent flight,
Man ever to his long oblivion goes;
What if he hath new life? Who hath it only knows.
" We stand the centre of Eternity,
Infinity around us; but we cling
To the few sands of life, that soon will be
Lost in the common mass, when Death shall fling
His clay-cold hand athwart us, and shall wring
The spirit from our forms; then dust to dust
Shall meanly moulder; we shall be a thing
For worms to feast on; do we rightly trust.
We shall be then all mind, or is it a vain lustf

feiicival's poems. 143
" So Man has questioned, since his being came
Forth from the womb of Nature; he has found
This dull life for his inner powers too tame,
And therefore he hath cast his view around,
And wandered far away, beyond the bound
Of the seen universe, to find a home
For his high soul to dwell in; though the ground
Receive the wasted corpse, yet he may roam.
On a swift airy wing, beneath Heaven's proudest dome.
"' There is a lifting grandeur in the thought;
'T is the extreme of ecstacy to rear
Our now base life above its sordid lot,
And kindle in a holy happy sphere.
Where all that is of intellect is near.
And all pure feeling finds eternal food:
No wonder better souls have rested here
Intensely, as the sparrow guards her brood;
And it attracts the more, the more it is pursued.
" They live in holy musing — mind is drawn
From all external being — calm repose
In the one chiefest essence, as the dawn
Sleeps on the silent valley, when the rose
Drips with its seeded dew, that slowly flows
From the still leaves, all are so hushed and calm,
When the blue flowers of day their leaves unclose,
And wake their azure eyes, and breathe their balm,
And the green linnet sucks the honey of the Palm,

144 percival's poems.
" Whose broad leaves hang unruffled by the sway
Of the cool air, that from the ocean steals
With breath so faint, that scarce the silk-tufts play
Round the green cane, when the night beauty seals
Her golden eye in slumber, but reveals
In tender lines of light the fringed lid;
When all that hath a life, in silence feels
The moving of that Power, whose ways are hid
Deep in the core of things, miresting, and amid
" Myriads of viewless instruments, the springs
By which the eternal round of life goes on,
Whose sleep is in the tomb, when spirit flings
Its faded slough aside, again to run
In a fresh-glowing spoil, that gives the sun
Its light in burnished beauty. Do we fly.
Thus parted, Earth forever? or does one
Take from another life, wherewith to ply
Awhile on gladdened wings, and then grow old and die?
" Nature is one eternal circle: Life
Floats through the void, and is attracted, where
The elements, in their collected strife.
From Chaos raise a world in order fair.
To float through space, and on its bosom bear
Forms, that are fashioned with unnumbered wheels
To walk, or swim, or on the buoyant air,
Float in the calm of motion — Life there steals.
And finds its home prepared j it enters, Matter feels

percival's poems. 145
" And all awakes to energy, the blood
Courses the winding: arteries, which convey
Spirit and heat in its air-kindled flood,
And send to all, the atoms which array
The form in rounded beauty, and their play
Paints on the new-born cheek the one full rose.
Which is the flower of love; we all obey,
Uncheated of our due, this charm, that glows,
And then turns sweetly pale, as passion ebbs and flows.
" Above the temple, where the Godhead sits,
