title: Prometheus, Part II (part 10 of 14)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 150
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Reason, the Deity and guide of man,
In the most lofty seat, as well befits
The Power, whose sacred office is to span
All that is working round us, or that can
Meet us to please, to harm us, or destroy;
Who hath his band of feelings, who may scan
All that would seek an entrance; who, as joy (annoy.
Draws, or pain frights, seeks, shuns, what charm us or
" There sits the Power upon his higher throne.
In a fair palace wrought, when life at first
In the grand form, where mind alone is shown.
The elements of thought and feeling nurst
From the blank infant state, till Genius burst
All earthly barriers, and aspired to Heaven —
He sought to grasp its fire, and he was curst
By his own daring; now by fancy driven,
The victim of belief, he finds a longing given

146 pekcival's roEMS.
" To dwell with angels, and to fashion dreams
Of glory, goodness, perfect mind, pure love,
Consummate beauty, in whose gladdening beams
We seem exalted to a sense above
The common life, that chills us; but we prove.
In all this ecstacy, the torturing fire
Of a keen thirst, whose fountain doth remove
Farther, the more we seek it — such desire (drier.
Burns the lost wretch, who finds, each step, the desert
" Man, in the temperate use of all his powers,
Is happy: with the simple fruit and stream,
Labour and rest in their alternate hours,
His life is golden, as fond poets dream
Of the first age, the Paradise, the theme,
Where the rapt spirit gladdens, and runs wild
Through citron shades, whose fruitage woos the bean,
To harden in its rind, through all that smiled
In the Elysian isles, where air was ever mild,
" Brushing the light leaves on its jocund way,
Borne from the breast of ocean without cloud,
Save such light streaks, as give the setting day
Its gilded glory, where the year was bowed
With an eternal harvest, in whose shroud
Earth seemed a Heaven for Gods, not home for men;
They dreamed of all these phantoms, and were proud
Of their creations, but cold winter then
Shut them to gnaw their hearts, and grovel in their den.
" Rapture is not the aim of Man; in flowers
The serpent hides his venom, and the sting
Of the dread insect lurks in fairest bowers:
We were not made to wander on the wing,
But if we would be happy, we must bring
Our buoyed hearts to a plain and simple school;
We may, as the wild-vines their tendrils fling,
And waste their barren life, o'erleap all rule,
And grasp all light, till age our fruitless ardour cool.
" We would be Gods, and we would know all things,
And therefore we know nothing well; our thought
Would lift itself upon an eagle's wings.
And speed through all that Deity hath wrought
And fashioned by his fiat, until nought
Should be untravelled; but the aspiring flame
Consumes the active mind, and all it sought
Becomes its torment, for the breath of fame,
Like a Sirocco's blast, will sear and scorch our frame.
" We seek the fountain-head, whence Genius flowed
Pure from the breast of Nature, where her stream
Was sparkling as the crystal, and it showed
The bright reflection of the solar beam,
Which from the Sun of mind, the high supreme
Of moral grace and beauty, and the throne
Of majesty unbounded, took its theme,
And in the Muse's morning splendour shone, (cone:
As in the dawn of light some snow-capped mountain's

148 I'ercival's poems.
" And we go down the stream of ages, borne
Through cuhured fields and deserts, and we take
All that is poured from Plenty's brimming horn
Of mind's collected treasures; there we slake
Our growing thirst, and thus by quenching make
Burning and wasting our intense desire;
We gather burdens, till our spirits ache
Beneath the weight of our attainments; higher, (pire:
Even on the grave's close brink, our mounting souls as-
" And then Death comes, which we have hurried on.
By our own longing to escape it; still
Hope points the temple we had almost won,
Its Doric columns crown the lifted hill.
And the departed great its porches fill.
And all the springs of Truth at last unlock;
Onward we leap to join them, with a will
That dies in effort — so from the doomed rock
Prometheus saw the sea roll near, his torture's mock.
" We are the slaves of Nature — Sun and cloud
Brighten and darken — cold and heat compel
The spirit to tlieir rule; we may be proud
That we are Lords of Earth, and greatly tell
How elements, obedient to the spell
Of our high reason, follow where we go:
'T is a vain pride; for Glory's upward swell.
Lifting its tides, like Oceans in their flow.
Finds in the meanest check full oft its overthrow.

percival's poems 149
" A breath may quell the tempest of a soul,
Whose gusts blow o'er a continent, and pour
Madness through nations; who, as wild seas roll.
When wind and earthquake dash them on the shore,
To bury thousands in their rush and roar,
Where ages had been calm and happy, send
One host to sweep a feebler host before
Its brute and causeless rage — that life may end
By the dark stagnant air, whose poison doth defend
" With a securer bulwark, than the rock
Crowned with its iron jaws of death, which speak
Defiance to the invading wave, and mock
All, who, in their insatiate longing, seek
Wider and richer regions, where to wreak
The lust of a false greatness: in his snows
The Switzer finds his safeguard; winds are bleak,
And earth is barren, but his bosom shows
How hard and firmly nerved to bear and to oppose:
" And in his damp close woods the Carib dwells
Free, for the pestilence forever spreads
Its purple folds around him, till it swells
Dire as a Hydra with its hundred heads;
Where snakes and reptiles batten in their beds,
And round the boughs their bloated circles twine;
Where the dull air its fatal influence sheds
In one eternal mist — no pure beams shine.
But all that sleeps below is rayless as the mine.

150 percival's poems.
" Man would be free, but is his own worst slave;
His tyrant is his appetite; he lives
Calmly in bondage, if he thus can save
The lust he long hath cherished; then he gives
His birthright to the pander, and believes
He hath his surest safety in that power;
He rests in quiet sloth; he never grieves
For the high glories of that ancient hour, (dower.
When liberty sprang forth, and fiercely claimed her
" Base passions are our lords; and thus we bend
So silently to those, who let us feed
On the rank garbage of low joys; we send
Rarely, if ever, to the hopes that breed
Strength in the heart, and give the mind the speed
Of a young courser, on its upward way;
The strong and lofty love the daring deed —
Free in their own wide circuit, they obey (pi'sy.
No power but -their own might — the weak too are their
" Weakness is vice: man first was bold and strong,
Prompt to repel all force, to spurn all rule;
He felt his wants, he knew his rights; that throng
