title: Prometheus, Part II (part 11 of 14)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 145
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Of prurient, pampered appetites, which fool
The soul of its true being, in the school
Of reeking cities taught, he had not known;
And therefore he was not the flatterer's tool,
Who gives the cup of Circe, but alone
He walked erect, a god, and made the earth his own.

percival's poems. 151
" We tell of meekness — 't is the very curse
Of our degraded nature; we are driven
Close in a crowd, where all mean feelings nurse
Their blackness, and the feebler thus in Heaven,
Look for the help that here they find not given,
And patiently submit to those who crush;
Fetters so galling had been sternly riven
By the first upward race; they would not hush
Wild nature in their hearts, but spend it in the rush
" Of a determined will; though now firm laws
Rear iron walls to hem us darkly in,
We can be just, and ever in the cause
Of the first liberty speak in the din
Of prating slaves, who strive, and only win
New shackles by their toil; the few will hate
The tyrant, and be nobly free within;
They live in their own world; the mean will wait
Fawning around a lord — such is the doom of fate.
" It is our pride to conquer Nature: — Mind
Is an internal force, that oft can sway
Things to its great dominion; 't is designed
As the one balance, which at least can stay
Awhile the haste of causes, which convey
All in their downward flood, to where they mix
Again in that great furnace, where the play
Of first attractions ever will unfix
The binding links of life, and send us o'er the Styx,

152 percival's poems.
" To wander through ten thousand changes, where
All first is gross and hateful, till we rise
From the rank putrid, heap, to spread in air
New forms, that veil at first their energies;
But as the tireless wing of Being flies,
Hasting forever onward, they grow pure,
And spread new beauty to the admiring eyes
Of the pleased Earth, and silently allure
To taste their fleeting charms, too lovely to endure.
" Why was the sense of Beauty lent to Man,
The feeling of fine forms, the taste of soul,
That speaks from eye and lip, and thus will fan
Love in the yoimg beholder.'' Why the whole
Waste of creation sweetly can control
The fixed heart to devotion? Why hath Night
So many golden eyes? Why is the roll
Of Nature so accordant, when a blight
Withers our very lives, and poisons all delight.
" Why are we not like Nature, ever new.
Freshening with every season? It is pain
To gaze, when sick and wasted, on the blue
Arching as purely o'er us, and the stain
Of the curled clouds, that gather in the train.
Which the low Sun makes glorious with his smile:
To see the light Spring weave her rosy chain.
And sow her pearls, no longer can beguile,
When age, and want, and sin, our sinking hearts defile.

percival's poems. 153
" Youth is the season, when we must enjoy,
If we would know the sweets of hfe; the mind
Is then pure feeling, for no base alloy
Of gain hath blended with the ore refined
By the wise hand of Nature, who designed
The beautiful years to be alone the time,
When we can fondly love, and loving find
In the adored the same glad passion chime,
As if two spirits met in one most tuneful rhyme.
" O! there are eyes that have a language — sweet
Comes their soft music round us, till the air
Is one intensest melody — we beat
Through every pulse, as if a spring were there
To buoy us into upper worlds, and bear
Our fond hearts with linked arms, on whitest wings,
To a far island, where we two may share
Eternal looks, such as the live eye flings.
When it collects all fire, and as it blesses, stings.
" O! could we stop, at this glad hour, the wheels
Of Time, and make this point Eternity;
Could check that onward flight, which ever steals
Hues, forms, and soul, as the twined colours flee,
Which are above the seven-fold Harmony,
Whose perfect concord meets in the soft light,
That sits upon a wave of clouds — a sea
Of rolling vapour, pearled and purely white,
That as a curtain hangs the pale-lit throne of Night:

" O! could we dwell in rapture thus forever,
Hearts burning with a high empyreal flame,
Whose blended cones no reckless storm could sever,
But they should tremble upward till the same
Fine point of centred heat should ever aim
Higher and higher to the perfect glow;
As Dante saw from that celestial Dame, (flow,
Once loved, now worshipped, Heaven's own splendors
And gather in her smile, that looked so calm below.
" It is not in us; we were fashioned here
For* a more tranquil feeling, such as home
Sheds on two hearts, whose true and lasting sphere
Is round the holy hearth; hearts do not roam.
When they are pledged by the young shoots, that come,
Like the green root-twigs, sweetly to renew
Our life in their dear lives, which are the sum
Of all our after being, where we view (througlj.
Heaven, as the soul's fond smile those rose-lips trembles
" O! had I one on whom to fix my heart.
To sit beside me when my thoughts are sad,
And with her tender playfulness impart
Some of her pure joy to me, in whose glad
Up-gazing eyes, the love, that once I had,
Might find its lesser image formed complete
In all its mellow mildness; we grow mad
In dwelling on ideal woes — we meet (seat.
Those loved looks in their smile, and mind regains its

percival's poems. 155
" And as those blue eyes on the canvass throw
Their watery glances to me. where the tear
Seems gathering to a starry drop, to flow
Down the soft damask of her cheek, I hear
From her moved lips, a voice salute my ear,
That was so kind and so confiding; pain,
Which once did throb within me, now doth veer
To a calm stillness; the delirious brain
Seems by cool drops renewed to life's young bliss again.
" And I would then that pictured form could talk
Of hours, that once were happy in the round
Of thought still growing, as at each new walk,
With deeper hue the early bud is found.
Till it unfold its leaves, and scatter round
Its purest incense; — so our life steals by
Catching new loves and hopes, which, closely wound
With every blended thought and wish, will try
The heart to its last throb, when loved ones leave or die.
" But there is one affection, which no stain
Of earth can ever darken, when two find.
The softer and the manlier, that a chain
Of kindred taste hath fastened mind to mind;—
'T is an attraction from all sense refined.
Not purer shone the sky-born vestal fire;
The good can only know it; 'tis not blind,
As love is, unto baseness; its desire
Is, but with hands intwined, to lift our being higher.
