title: Prometheus, Part II (part 12 of 14)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 151
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

156 percival's poems.
" 'T is like the twine of hearts from infancy
Beneath the same roof, who have kindly shown
All the fond aids of childhood; — such we see
In minds, that have one sympathy, alone,
That answer to each other, as the tone
Of woman's voice to the deep sounds, that flow
From the fit organ tubes more grandly blown;
"With a dissolving concord blended so,
On through the waste of life those happy spirits go.
" Life is to them in its revolving years
One round of fragrance, one parterre of flowers;
There is a very blessing in their tears.
They are, as to the Earth the first Spring showers,
When wakened by the music of the hours,
All loose their wintery bonds, and leap in air,
When up the mountain, which a forest towers,
The busy hands of life their colours bear
Darkening the yellow tint, till one deep green is there.
" There is a very blessing in their tears,
Their fountain is in purity, they well
In a clean heart, whose fondness more endears,
Than all the forms and blended tints, that dwell
On a first master's canvass, and compel
Worship unto that miracle of skill.
Which can at once create, as with a spell,
On the blank sheet, such things of life, as fill
The gazer wih mute awe, and bend the sterner wilj.

percival's poems. 157
" There is a very blessing in their tears,
For while they flow in happiness, they heal
Wounds that bleed deep in other hearts; — Grief hears,
With a sweet sense of gladness, tones that feel
The sorrow they would comfort; we may steel,
In our despair, our hearts to all, who lend
Kindness to those who sufler; but the seal
Of our shut tears is broken, when a friend
Weeps with us all our woes, and then our sorrows end.
/ " And we weep on and smile; the cloud gives way,
And a new light comes trembling through its shade;
We weep till all our grief is gone, and day
Again is pure above us; — thus we aid
One in another's evils, which were made
Partly to bind more feelingly the chain.
That links existence; — we are doubly paid
By our own calm from tears, and by the pain.
Which we have gently healed, and made it bliss again.
" I turn me back, and find a barren waste
Joyless and rayless; a few spots are there,
Where briefly it was granted me to taste
The tenderness of youthful love, and share
In the fond mutual sympathy, the care
Of those on whom our full afiections rest:
I dreamed, or it was real; but in air
The charm was broken; it was mine to test
With a long pang how dark and cold the rifled breast.

158 pekcival's poems.
" There was a madness in the feeling; fire
Seemed to rush through my whirling brain; one stream
Bathed it in torture: thought could never tire
In painting all, that I could shape or dream
Of years of mingled joys, till one supreme
And perfect sense of glory filled me: light
Was in my life — a moment; then the beam
Sunk, and a sudden rush of tenfold night (blight.
Chilled me to my heart's core; all being seemed one
" And then that deep intensity of pain; —
I could have pressed my forehead with the weight
Of a whole world, and yet my throbbing brain
Bounded beneath my strained hand: all seemed hate
And leering scorn around me, tyrant fate
Methought had stamped me for eternal woe;
There was no cool soft dew shed to abate
The fever of despair; — tears could not flow,
But with another's tears, and then I melted so,
"As the doomed wretch, who on the scaffold hears
Pardon: — at first he gazes wildly romid,
And mocks the offer; hope is lost in fears.
But as he drinks renewed the silver sound,
With such intensest joy bis heart strings bound,
It is too keen, too deadening: — tears first start
Few to his swimming eyes, but he has found
Freshness in those scant drops, and then his heart
Flows, and his melting frame in every gush takes part.

percival's poems. 159 " 1 wept and I was calm; as when at night,
After a stormy day, the sky turns clear,
And all the world of stars are doubly bright,
As the cloud sails away, and the wide sphere
Swells darkly pure behind it, till it near
The orb, that rules the still hours, then its fold
Whitens and shines impearled, and then we hear
The cock crow, as the silver planet rolled (cold.
On the imshaded Heaven, makes all things bright, but
" The earth, that sleeps below in silence, seems
Sprinkled with light, for each clear drop of rain, (teems
That bends the leaves, and grass, and closed flowers.
With her mild lustre; — now she casts a stain
On the white clouds behind her, not in vain,
Bending athwart their curls the breded bow;
And as the north-wind whispers o'er the plain,
The drops, that fell with such a silent flow.
Hardened to fretted frost, and whiten all below.
" It is one land of loveliness — but chill
Comes the pale landscape o'er me — not a tread
Disturbs the calm — the lone tree on the hill
Waves in its frosted foliage — fountains fed
From earth's warm bosom, as they kiss it, shed
A fresh green o'er the meadow-grass, alone
Living amid a world, that lies as dead
In a pale corpse-like beauty, while a zone
Of a most tender tint, round all that is seems thrown.

160 percival's poems.
"Such was calm, that brooded o'er my heart,
Silent but cold; — I wondered, and I grew
Tranquil, though but a moment; as a dart
Leaps on the lurking deer, who wildly flew,
Seeking the woodland covert, as they blew
The maddening horn behind him, so there came,
Through my hot brain, to madden me anew,
The same wild thoughts, which soon were blown to flame.
Till one convulsive throb ran quivering through my frame.
" And then I thought of death, I sternly rushed
To the steep brink, and eyed the depth below;
I stood poised for the plunge, my forehead flushed
With the hot pain within me, seemed to glow
On the cool wave; — with a last parting throe
I yielded up my being, but a thought
Checked me, I might not perish — some sure blow,
That would end all at once, such death I sought,
To wither in one breath, then go where all is nought.
" Again I steeled me, and the flashing tip
Of a sharp dagger met my bounding breast;
It seemed with drops of living blood to drip,
Already on the seat of life 't was prest.
And I was sinking to eternal rest,
When a loud voice seemed yelling, " Madman, stay!
Bear with a sterner will the stern behest
Of fate;" I threw the shining dirk away.
And with a deep wild groan I hasted to obey.

percival's poems. 161
" My heart seemed hardened from that very liour —
Feehng was deadened in it — smiles and tears
Were gone forever — friendship had no power
To give me comfort — all that so endears
In the fair face of woman, hopes and fears
That have in her their fountain, all had fled;
But life had grown eternal, countless years
At once had flown, a wider being spread
Dark, silent, dim around — i wandered with the dead,
" And coldly I live on, and will live on,
Till life hath ceased to torture, and the grave
