title: Prometheus, Part II (part 13 of 14)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 151
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Hides me from man, and that long home is won,
Which welcomes us to quench us, or to save
From all that sinks us here. O! I could brave
Hell and its fires, if with it strength would grow;
There is no pain like weakness — Justice gave
No keener rack than this, to live and know, (overthrow.
Weak, scorned, that our own hand had wrought our
" Well, let the world pass on; I stand unmoved
In all its uproar — all, it hath of good,
Is now turned poison — those I fondly loved,
Have died, or hate me — as the tempter stood
In Eden, nursing in his heart a brood
Of all dark passions, so I look on life;
I find no charm without, my only food
Of thought is in the keen and quenchless strife — ■-
I wrestle with despair, where all of ill is rife.

16iS peiicival's poems.
But evil is my good — I cannot turn
Back to renew the freshness of young days.
Talk not to me of penitence — I spurn
The weakness of the stooping wretch, who pays
Awe to the hand that crushes him, and lays
The weight of such existence on his soul;
I asked not have being, nor to raise
My life from out the brute and senseless whole,
Which ever sleeps the same, though years and ages roll.
We must submit or die: — If all would end
With the last twinkling of this lanap — why, well.
I could bear on — but thought will sometimes send
Questions across the dark dread gulf, where dwell
All wild and formless visions — 't is the hell
That kindles with its fires the doubting brain;
It may be — and those few short words will tell
Racks to the lingering heart, that longs in vain
To find some calm retreat to quell its raging pain.
There is, they say, a bending form of love.
Who spreads his dove-wings over us, and bears
The wearied in his gentle arms above
All earth has to assail us, sorrows, cares,
Toil, and disease, and want, till cool sweet airs
Breathe odours from the never-fading flowers
That grow in Heaven, where peace eternal wears
The same undying smile, and as the hours
Steal silently along, descends in balmy showers.
'Tis a fond fancy — some may find it sweet,
Full of all happy visions — life will seem
Bliss in their upward longings — there they meet
All their once loved ones heightened — such a dream
Heals many a broken heart, and then they deem
All is one light around them: let them bend
Deep o'er their long devotion — let the theme
Of all their words be, of the one Great Friend,
Who saves them from all pain, and bids all sorrows end.
" 'Tis not for me — I am of sterner mould;
I must live on in my own heart, and find
Strength to sustain — by thought; my only hold
Is on that unbent energy of mind,
Which, as the storm beats harder on, will bind >-
Closer its will around it, and endure;
Which shuns all concord with its own base kind,
Where it forever totters, but grows pure
And firm in solitude, which is its only cure.
" I will not look on Nature — 't is too fair,
And hath too much of beauty, when it lies
Spread in the sunlight; — we must hate, or share
In the same being; — when the clouded skies
In one black front of coming tempest rise.
And bear their rolling waves in torrents on,
Then I can wander forth, and lift my eyes
With a wild sense of power — the hollow moan
Of the far mountain winds hath music in its tone.

164 pekcival's poems.
" I must make home in darkness — I can sit
Days on the sunward rocks, that crown the peak
Of a long Alpine wave — such things befit
The soul collected in its might to seek
Food in the desert: as the raven's beak
Bore life unto the lonely man, so 1,
Feed on the darkest forms, and proudly wreak
My wrath on Nature, who hath bent the sky
So glorious and so vast, round such as crawl and die.
" The sense of fair and lofty — this will wring
The form, that finds itself in cold decay,
Hateful to those we loved, and thus we fling
The wooing Beauty from us, and array
All in a shroud: we cast all hope away,
As a fond thing to cheat the infant; pride
Comes where ambition fled, and when the gay
And lovely from our dark looks turn aside,
Abhorrent and in fear, our part is to deride.
" We have gone through the dusk of death, and known
All the grave hath of horrors; we have seen
Each separate form of pain, have heard the groan,
And the loud maniac laugh; we too have been
Partakers in these torments, and have then
Come out to be the scorner, and to wear
One broad cold sneer; — we have no part with men,
But like a leering devil we must bear
Proud on our upcurled lips, the scofi" that trembles there.

percival's poems. 165
"We now can smile, and feel at heart a hell —
'T is a blue meteor on a cloud, that brings
Plague o'er a sleeping earth, and tolls the knell
Of a lost land, and scatters from its wings
Big drops of venom; — such the smile, hate wrings
From the crushed heart, that hardened as it bore;
So I must live, and look on men as things
That are my bane — so hide in my heart's core
The grief I cannot tell, till life's poor dream is o'er.
" Then be my spirit firm: the storm may rush
In all its rage around me — clouds may rend
Their gloom in one broad flash, and in one gush
Pour their wide deluge o'er me — Earth may send
Swarms of all ills and plagues — they shall not bend
My soul from its fixed bearing: here on high.
Where the rude rocks, and snows eternal, lend
Bulwarks to my retreat, and the clear sky
Lifts over me its roof — I sternly sit and die."
'T is the wild rage of madness, thus to send
Defiance unto nature, thus to build
A wall of scorpions, cherishing a fiend
Within a human bosom, sternly willed
To be the common foe, and darkly filled
With all that form the worst of passions — hate.
Till every warning voice within is stilled.
And all is nerved to meet the doom of fate,
As if man stood alone without a lord or mate;

166 tercival's poems.
As if these feeble bodies had the power
To battle with the elements, to stand
Sole, as an oak, to whom the wintry shower
And summer dew fall like: no heart is manned.
Or fenced in iron, that the icy hand
Of want may not subdue it, and compel
The boldest daring to its stern command;
'T is the relentless tyrant of a hell,
In whose cold sordid dens the heart turns hard and fell.
Man is a very infant, when alone; —
The desert, and the forest, and the sea
Lifting its boundless brine, and with a zone
Of azure clasping earth — Man cannot be,
Lost in their barren silence, firm and fi-ee —
Nature will lift her voice, and bend him low;
Thirst, hunger, fear, and madness, like the tree
Whose dew is death, a chilling shade will throw.
Where the heart kindles not with a fond social glow.
Then farewell Solitude! where hate is nursed,
And doubt is cherished; I would rend away
The links that bind my spirit there, and burst
From my dark cell of silence into day,
And climb with tireless hand my upward way,
