title: The Suicide (part 1 of 4)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 140
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

'T WAS where a granite cliff high-beetling towered
Above the billows of the western main,
Deep in a grot, by sable yews imbowered,
A youth retired to ponder and complain.
'T was near the night-fall of a winter's day,
The sun was hid in clouds of dunnest gloom;
Before the north wind rose the whitening spray,
And the loud breakers roared the sailor's doom.
Dark, sullen, gloomy as the scene around.
The soul that harboured in that youthful breast;
To him the wild roar was a soothing sound,
The only one, could hush his woes to rest.
His was a soul that once was warm and kind —
That once could love with gentlest, purest flame;
So mild, so lovely was his infant mind,
His cheek ne'er reddened with the blush of shame.

percival's poems. 160
But never could he brook the frown of pride —
This was the killinjO^ stroke that smote his heart;
All other wounds of fortune he defied —
This — this to him was death's envenomed dart.
He felt himself too e-ood to crouch and bend
Before the man whose only boast was birth;
O! he would sooner bis own bosom rend,
Than bow before the haughtiest lord of earth.
There was a savage sternness in his breast;
No half-way passion could his bosom move,
None e'er bv him were scorned and then caressed;
His was all gloomy hate, or glowing love.
Those, whom he scorned, he passed unheeded by-
He never lured a foe with artful wile,
But when a friend or lover met his eve,
Each word was sweetness, and each look a smile.
He once could love, but Oh! that time was o'erj
His heart was now the seat of hate alone,
As peaceful — is the wintry tempest's roar,
As cheerful — torture's agonizing groan.
He would have loved, had not his frozen heart
Suspected every form, though e'er so fair;
How could he love, when racked by every smart
And all the gloomy horrors of despair?

170 percival's poems.
Insult him — he was wilder than the storm —
His blood in boiling vengeance through him rushed.
And those who thought they trampled on a worm,
Soon found ah adder in the form they crushed.
In dissipation he had revelled long,
Had known the wildest paths that vice e'er trod;
He roamed, seduced by pleasure's syren song,
Until he hated man, himself, and God.
He hated man, because he thought a foe
Smiled in each scene, and lurked in every path;
He scorned himself, for he had sunk so low;
He hated God, because he feared his wrath.
So warm his passions, and so stern his will,
So wild, and yet so tender, was his eye.
So warped his heart to every thing that's ill.
He was not fit to live — much less to die.
The wind that whistled round the gloomy walls.
The billows roaring on the rocks below.
The trickling drop that freezes as it falls,
Seemed warm and cheerful as that child of woe.
Oft had I seen this youth pass heedless by,
All negligent his dress, and wild his mienj
The tear was always starting hi his eye,
A smile was never in his features seen.

percival's poems. 171
With languid air, with eye by sorrow seared,
And downcast look he walked — then paused awhile.
And in the darkness of his gloom he feared
To raise his head, lest he should see a smile.
So much the victim of despair and fear,
He look'd more sadly when he heard one speak;
And when he saw a smile — O! then the tear
Streamed o'er the furrows of his woe-worn cheek.
So wan his cheek, his countenance so pale,
He seemed just sinking to an early tomb;
So tottering were his steps, his form so frail,
A ghost seemed wandering in the cavern's gloom.
He walked, then stopped; then started, stopped again;
Then raised to Heaven Ijis wild and impious eye;
Then gnashed his teeth, as in severest pain,
Or feebly groaned, or heaved a long drawn sigh
With hands in fury clenched, he beat his breast.
Then smote his forehead — stamped, and wildly raved;
It seemed, no soothing hand could give him rest,
He seemed too far abandoned to be saved.
" Are these the joys of life," he wildly cried,
" Are these the pleasures njan enjpys below?
The syren voice that said ' be happy' lied,
It called me not to happiness— but woe.

172 percival's poems.
" Life — 't is a pang that racks us for awhile,
Then like a bubble bursts and all is o'er;
Its highest joys, even woman's lovely smile,
To me are gloomy as yon billows' roar.
" I'll live no more — I know the world too well — ■
I'll trust no longer to its soothing voice —
Let those who choose, in pain and sorrow dwell —
Death is ray fondest — death my only choice.
" Live — shall I live without the slightest meed,
Without one voice to dwell upon my name,
With hand too weak to do one noble deed,
Or pluck one leaflet from the wreath of fame —
" Live, while consumption, ghastly, gloomy, pale,
Even to a shadow wears my form away;
Shrink at the rustling of the gentlest gale,
And pine, to dark despondency a prey:
" Say, is this life.'' — how trifling, oh how vain,
To give one struggle for a world like this;
How cold, how heavy, pleasure's flowery chain,
How sickening, every cup of earthly bliss.
" I've drained the goblet, and I know how vile.
How mean and empty all terrestrial joys;
Reason surveys them with a pitying smile.
And stamps with words of lightning ' infant toys.'
'' How easy, when depression sinks me low.
To leave this world and seek another shore;
Careless, if pleasure laugh — or all be woe.
If smooth the waves — or loud the billows roar,
" How easy, O! how trifling, with the steel
To pierce a heart that loves no scene below,
To wound a breast too callous e'er to feel
A pang less cruel than a demon's woe.
"Does not the smiling surface of the wave
Kindly invite to take my endless sleep?
How sweet to rest within a watery grave;
How soft those slumbers — that repose how deep
" The death-winged ball — can pierce my phrenzied brain,
The knife — can loose the shackles of my soul,
An opiate — that can ease my every pain,
Smiles, how inviting! — in the poisoned bowl.
" And thou, sweet drug! — can'st shed the balmy dew
Of sleep eternal, o'er my wearied eyes,
And give repose, as calm to mortal view
As when the infant wrapt in slumber lies.
"Still thou art slow though sure — ah ! can I wait
A single moment, ere I sink in death;
Perhaps I may lament it when too late,
And struggle to regain my fleeting breath.
