title: The Suicide (part 2 of 4)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 149
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

174 percival's poems.
" Give me the knife, the dagger, or the ball — -
O! I can take them with a smile serene;
Then like a flash of lightning I may fall.
And rush at once into the world unseen."
The withered leaves, that decked a beechen bough,
Rustled — he turned and gazed with frozen stare;
Such gloom, such horror, settled on his brow.
He seemed the very image of despair:
" Disturb me not — there's nought can give relief,
Heaven deigns no soothing comforter to send;
There is but one can sooth my gnawing grief.
It is the best of earthly good — a friend.
" A friend — I thought I once had friends — but No!
Friendship, thou cherub! ne'er wert to me given;
Friendship is not a flower that blooms below —
If there is friendship it must be in Heaven:
'^ And when I've seen the pious widow's woe,
And viewed no christian friend or heaven-born fair
E'er deign to wipe away the tears that flow,
I've thought even friendship was not real there:
" And when no human form on me would roll
The glance that soothes, or beam the smiles that bless.
My dog, the only solace of my soul,
Even bit the hand extended to caress.

percival's poems. 175
" What, if some female form should deign to smile,
And chase away the gloom that clouds my breast,
Could I be happy — could I stay awhile?
Yes, woman's smile could make ttie cheerful — blessed.
" The heart — that's tortured with remorse is dead
To all the joys that woman's love can give;
Affection does not smile where hope is fled;
Where conscience frowns, that charmer cannot live.
" Can Love, the sweetest cherub, ever deign
To live, where doubt, despair, distraction, dwell:
Ah! no — this fond idea must be vain.
Love in my bosom is a saint in hell.
•' Let others boast their skill to charm the soul,
And proffer pleasure to the expecting eye,
To bid the glance with mimic sweetness roll,
And heave the bosom with an empty sigh;
" Away such base deceivers from my sight.
Hide them, ye shades of midnight! from my view
Think you such flatteries can my soul delight!
Farewell such love, such hollow friends adieu.
" No smooth deceit e'er floated from my tongue,
By flattery's wiles these lips of mine ne'er moved;
On them — on them this truth has always hung,
' I ever hated all, and nothing loved.'

176 percival's poems.
" And what if man, or woman shun my form,
And view a tiger in the gloom I wear;
To me their smiles are blacker than the storm,
There seems a serpent ever lurking there.
"The charms of vice detained my soul too long:
What sounds of sweetness in her love-notes flow;
But misery's sigh is in her sweetest song, S.
And in her gayest smile the tear of woe.
" The eye that beams so fondly — ill conceals
Distraction's silent gaze and icy glare:
The lip that sniiles so sweetlv — still reveals
The paleness, and the quivering of despair.
" I drank her cup of promised bliss — I lay
In soft repose on beds of roses flung.
There heard her Ariel harp its wind-notes play,
And all the syren-music of her tongue —
" In slumber soft, I closed ray swimming eyes,
While sounds exstatic seemed around to flow:
I slept — no more in happiness to rise;
I closed my eyes to bliss — I woke to woe.
" Look at my eye, and see the glare of pain;
Look at my cheek, it is the hue of death;
See there the softness of her flow'ry chain.
There mark the sweetness of her balmy breath.
-' Shun, shun the road she points to — death is there;
Her sweetest voice is but a funeral knell,
Her e:ayest smile is but the gloom of care,
V And though she calls to heaven, she leads to hell. ■
" What's earth, what's life, to space, eternity?
'Tis but a flash, a glance — from birth to death;
And he, who ruled the world, would only be
Lord of a point — a creature of a breath;
" And what is it to gain a hero's name,
Or build one's greatness on the rabble's roar?
'Tis but to light a feeble, flickering flame,
That shines a moment, and is seen no more.
" Once Caesar gained the summit of renown,
For him fame's trumpet blew its loudest peals;
But what to him is Glory's shining crown?
It heightens but the blackness it reveals.
" What is the greatness Science can display,
Or from the best tuned lyre what can we gain?
But that the fluttering insect of a day
May hum our praise, and all be still again.
" What if a Titian's tints, a Ruben's fire,
A Raphael's grandeur o'er my canvass glow?
These tints, that fire, that grandeur, soon expire.
And melt as quickly as the summer's snow.

17S percival's poems.
" Let boastful Wealth his richest stores unfold
And Pride his pomp of ancestry display;
A speck of yellow dust is all their gold,
An infant's rattle — all their proud array.
" What praise to shine in fashion's brighest ray,
What is that Fame by fops so dearly sought? )
'T is but the mere ephemeron of a day—* /
V 'T is but the very meanest part of nought, u
" And thou, proud monarch, frowning on thy throne
What is the space between thy power and me?
'T is but to sit above the crowd alone,
And lord it o'er a few poor worms like thee.
" Ah! when I look on man, and see how low,
How vile has sunk the basely grovelling crowd,
I still can scarcely think this child of wo
Can have sufficient meanness to be proud.
" Depart, Renown, O! hie thee far away!
And Fortune, though in all thy splendour drest;
O! from this world you've torn my only stay,
And left not even one motive in my breast.
" This world has now so dull and gloomy grown.
So sickening every sight where'er I range —
'Mid all life's bustle, I am still so lone,
I'd leave it, were it only for a change.

percival's poems. 179
" What balm shall heal my wounds, or soothe my woes,
How shall I sink to my untimely grave,
Shall this sweet opiate lull me to repose.
Or shall I plunge beneath the roaring wave?-
"Come, sweetest draught, I woo thee to my lips
With all the fondness of a lover's breast;
No thirsty, weary pilgrim fondlier sips
The cooling fount, or lays him down to rest.
" Come, do thy work, and free my struggling soul,
Swift as the lightning — from life's heavy chain;
I care not if I reach Heaven's shining goal.
Or plunge beneath the waves of endless pain.
" You gave me life — take back the gift you gave,
Nor think I'd thank you for such trash as this;
Sweeter to me annihilation's grave,
O! sweeter than the highest heaven of bliss.
"Roll on the winds your most terrific storm.
And shade the skies with more than Egypt's gloom;
Then with your vengeful lightnings scathe my form.
And hurl me to my never-ending doom.
" I've plunged in guilt, till I can plunge no more,
I've been to man and God the fellest foe;
On me — on me each cup of fury pour.
And whelm me in the deepest gulf of wo."
