title: The Suicide (part 3 of 4)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 149
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

180 tercival's poems.
But ere the sun had dipped his orb of light
Beneath the wave that swelled along the main
A momentary brilliance met the sight,
And shone reflected o'er the watery plain.
The trembling lustre glanced upon his eye —
There was a something, neither smile nor tear,
A sound, nor comfort's voice, nor sorrow's sigh,
Fell scarcely heard upon the listener's ear.
" Can there no ray like this of mercy shine,
To dissipate my soul's terrific gloom?
Is there no beam from Heaven, no light divine,
Can gild the path that leads me to my tomb.''
" Must all within be desolate and sad.
Must all seem frowning to the mental sight.
When the last sun-beam makes all nature glad.
And ushers in with smiles the shades of night?
" May 1 not hope, although dark clouds of wo
Hang o'er my soul and sink it to the grave;
May 1 not hope for happiness below,
That Heaven will smile, and mercy deign to save.''
" The light is gone, and all is dark again.
So tties the light that shone upon my soulj
Night's horrors thicken o'er the heaving main.
So, round my heart, despair, distraction roll.
'"• What! shall I catch at hope's illusive gleams,
That glance like meteors through my phrenzied brain?
What! shall I trust to fancy's wildering dreams?
No! death and ruin welcome once again.
"No ! I can pierce the grave's tremendous gloom,
And through its dunnest shades unfaltering pry.
Can read with look unmoved my direst doom,
And view the world of wo with heedless eye —
" O! 3^ou may tell me of the quenchless flame,
And gnawing worm that never, never dies,
Or read each furious devil name by name —
The hottest hell within my bosom lies.
'' Is this your kindness — you who made my soul,
And formed it to be sensible of wo,
Then bade a world of anguish o'er it roll.
And through my veins despair's dark currents flow.'*
" Why was I made for misery alone.
Why were my joys but preludes to my pain.
Why was my voice but formed to breathe the groan,
Or why my tongue but fashioned to complain?
" You bade a thousand pleasures round me smile,
But mingled poison in their balmy breath;
Bade angel forms exert their every wile,
To lure me sweetly on to sin and death:

182 percival's poems.
" In this your kindness — thus to charm my eyes
By what would certainly my soul undo?
O! is it not sufficient to chastise,
Must you allure me, and then punish too f
" O! happy prospect! for before my sight
Annihilation rises dark and drear:
Or to my vision glares hell's murky light,
And sighs, and groans, and gnashings, fill my car.
" What clouds around the grave's dark regions roll-
I'd give the wealth of worlds to pierce their gloom,
And read, imprinted on the eternal scroll,
" The awful words of flame that mark my doom.
" The thoughts of an hereafter wake my fear,
And fill my soul with agonizing throes;
Methinks some accent whispers in my ear
And tells me — nothing will my pangs compose.
" Nothing! — there's something awful in that sound;
O! shall my all be crumbled into dust — '
Shall mind — shall body rot beneath the ground,
Nor soul immortal from my cerement burst.'*
" Nothing! — away thou phantom from my brain,
Away thou deadlier fiend than ever rose
To rack the doubting soul with hellish pain.
Or fill it with a maniac fancy's woes.

percival's poems. 1B3
"Nothing ! — unreal shade of all that's ill,
Cease, cease thy clamours, nor disturb me more —
Hush! let that demon voice of thine be still,
O! hie thee to thy dark Tartarean shore.
"What if I pry beyond the yawning grave;
Is there a light can point my wildered way.
Is there an arm of Mercy stretched to save?
O! help that arm, and guide me, genial ray.
" I look, but all is darker than the gloom
That hung, a sooty mist, o'er Egypt's land;
I listen, all is stiller than the tomb;
There is no ray — no Mercy's outstretched hand.
" Come, then, each busy devil to my breast,
Come every fiend of hell, and nestle there —
Rack me — Religion cannot give me rest;
If Mercy will not whisper — yell, despair!
" My ear is open to thy piercing cry-
Pour it — to every suffering I'm resigned;
But hark! — methought I heard an angel fly
With downy pinions on the passing wind.
" No! 'twas an idle fancy — mock no more,
Thou cheating spirit, thou art false though fair:
No! 'twas the wave of ruin's sullen roar,
No! 'twas the hollow voice of dark despair.

184 percival's poems.
" Come, grisly Death! and whet thy bloody dart;
Come waft upon the breeze my dying knell;
O! misery and woe have filled my heart,
O! hell to me is nothing — nothing's hell."
He said, and lifted high the poisoned draught;
" This gives," he cried, " my body to the tomb —
To nothing — dreary nothing, it shall waft
My soul, or yield it to its endless doom.
" A doom, that strikes my shuddering soul with dread,
And almost drives my purpose from my breast;
Speak not those words — for every hope is fled;
In death, in darkness, is my only rest.
" Come to my lips," he spake, with features calm,
" Come to my lips — thou cordial of my woes;
Pour in my wounded heart thy healing balm.
And in eternal sleep my eyelids close.
" Come, lovely draught! O! lovelier than the spring!
And sweeter than the morning's dewy breath!
Come, to my soul oblivion's comforts bring."
He said, and calmly drank the cup of death.
When life was weak and faint, his ardent soul
Unfolded all the vigour of its powers;
Then through the fields of lore he flew and stole,
With ceaseless toil, the honey of its flowers.

percival's poems. 186
His heart expanded with his growing mind,
And love, and charity, and thirst of fame,
Unbending worth, ambition unconfined,
O! these he wished, his bosom's only aim-
O! he would think of these, mitil the glow
Brightened his cheek and kindled up his eye;
Then in a rushing flood his thoughts would flow.
And lift him to the all-o'erarching sky.
And yet his soul was tender — there was one
Who made his heart throb and his pulses beat;
She was his all, his only light, his Sun —
Her eye was brightest, and her voice most sweet.
The was to him an angel — he was young,
« The down of youth had just begun to grow;
His eye forever on her image hung.
There would his centering thoughts forever flow.
O! love how ill requited — could a soul.
Then soaring to perfection, blend with one,
Who only thought of transient sport, whose whole
Enjoyment ceased below, where his begun.
And then his fearfulness and shrinking eye —
She knew her power, and yet she could not know
The worth of him, who doated — with a sigh
Of grief and wounded pride he let her go.
