title: The Suicide (part 4 of 4)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 108
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

18(i percival's poems.
First love — with what a deep, strong, fixed impress.
It prints the yielding heart of childhood — gone,
No other eye the lone lost soul can bless,
Hope then is fled, the feelings are undone.
How all unequal were his mind and form —
This knew the blinking owls, that shunned his light:
To wound his bosom, and to raise the storm
He ill could master, seemed their sole delight.
Abused, neglected, fatherless, no hand
To guide or guard him, left alone to steer
His dangerous way — can youth securely stand.
When not a parent, friend, or hope, is near.''
He conquered in intelligence, but those
Who felt his strength there, still his weakness knew;
They crushed his spirit first, and then to close
Their work — they made him like their grovelling crew.
The light of Heaven was gone — ambition still
Lurked with him to the last, but he was blind;
And genius struggled on through every ill.
But peace and innocence were left behind.
Years hurried by — ^but what a raging sea
Was that young heart — wild as a steed he ran,
Till he was swallowed in misanthropy,
And swore eternal enmity to man.

percival's Poems. j87
And yet he could not hate — at every look,
That told the wounded bosom's throbbing swell,
His frame in sympathetic shivering shook,
His hand though raised in wrath, in pity fell.
He longed to cast his hateful chains away,
He longed to be all virtue, reason, soul;
In vain he strove against the headlong sway
Of passion — till its gulf absorbed the whole.
Mid all his folly, weakness, guilt, one beam
Across the darkness of his being shone —
Most dastardly and shameful did he deem
To take one mite, that was not all his own.
She came — at last the kindred spirit came,
The same bright look, the same dissolving eye;
Her bosom lit with that ethereal flame,
Which warmed him, when in youth his soul was high.
Informing and informed, their's was the pure
Delight of blended intellect — their way
Was strewed with reason's choicest pleasures, sure
To last with those whom guilt leads not astray.
Awhile his spirit kindled — hope, and love,
-And friendship, days of peace and joy arose,
And lifted all his ardent thoughts above
The memory of his follies and his woes.

188 pkrcival's poems.
His way had been unequal — now he soared
On rushing wings, and now he sunk in night;
But then he felt new life around him poured,
He aimed to heaven his strong untiring flight,
'T was but a moment — like the dying flash,
The soul's last sparkle, ere its lights are fled;
Then folly came, his kindling hopes to dash,
And hide his spirit with the moral dead
Too late — too late — thou couldst not call him back,
With all thy charms thou couldst not — guilt, despair,
So long had dogged him in his wayward track,
They quenched the light that once shone brightly there.
An outcast, self-condemned, he takes his way,
He knows and cares not whither; he can weep
No more — his only wish his head to lay
In endless death and everlasting sleep.
Ah! who can bear the self-abhorring thought
Of time, chance, talent, wasted — who can think
Of friendship, love, fame, science, gone to nought,
And not in hopeless desperation sink.
Behind are summits, lofty, pure and bright,
Where blow the life-reviving gales of heaven;
Below expand the jaws of deepest night.
And there he falls, by power resistless driven.

percival's poems. 189
The links that bind to life are torn away;
The hope, the assuring hope of better days,
Friendship, that warms us with a genial ray.
And love, that kindles with an ardent blaze.
These he has left, and books have lost their charm;
The brightest sky is but a veil of gloom,
His mind, hand useless, where can be the harm,
In drawing to his only couch, the tomb.
Ye who abused, neglected, rent, and stained
That heart, when pure and tender, come and dwell
On these dark ruins, and by heaven arraigned,
Feel, as you look, the scorpion stings of hell.
But no — your cold, black bosoms cannot feel;
Amid the rank weeds, flowers, can never blow;
Your hearts, encrusted in their case of steel.
No feelings of remorse or pity know.
Yes, you will say, poor, weak and childish boy,
Infirm of purpose, shook by every sigh,
A thing of air, a light fantastic toy —
What reck we, if such shadows live or die.
But no — my life's blood calls aloud to Heaven,
The arm of justice cannot, will not sleep,
A perfect retribution shall be given.
And vengeance on your heads her coals shall heap.

Where minds like this are ruined guilt must be.
And where guilt is, remorse will gnaw the soul,
And every moment teem with agony,
And sleepless thoughts in burning torrents roll.
And thou — arch moral-murderer! hear my curse-
Go — gorge and wallow in thy priestly sty,
Than what thou art, I cannot wish thee worse,
There with thy kindred reptiles crawl and die.
