title: Poetry (part 1 of 2)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 110
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

192 percival's poems.
In harmonies, too perfect, and too high,
For aught but beings of celestial mould,
And speak to man in one eternal hymn.
Unfading beauty, and unyielding power.
The year leads round the seasons, in a choir
For ever charming, and for ever new,
Blending the grand, the beautiful, the gay.
The mournful, and the tender, in one strain,
Which steals into the heart, like sounds, that rise
Far off, in moonlight evenings, on the shore
Of the wide ocean resting after storms;
Or tones, that wind around the vaulted roof.
And pointed arches, and retiring aisles
Of some old, lonely minster, where the hand.
Skilful, and moved, with passionate love of art,
Plays o'er the higher keys, and bears aloft
The peal of bursting thunder, and then calls,
By mellow touches, from the softer tubes.
Voices of melting tenderness, that blend
With pure and gentle musings, till the soul,
Commingling with the melody, is borne.
Rapt, and dissolved in ecstasy, to Heaven.
"T is not the chime and flow of words, that move
In measured file, and metricni array;
'Tis not the union of returning sounds.
Nor all the pleasing artifice of rhyme,

. percival's poems. 193
And quantity, and accent, that can give
This all-pervading spirit to the ear,
Or blend it with the movings of the soul.
'Tis a mysterious feeling, which combines
Man with the world around him, in a chain
Woven of flowers, and dipped in sweetness, till
He taste the high communion of his thoughts,
With all existences, in earth and heaven,
That meet him in the charm of grace and power.
'T is not the noisy babbler, who displays,
In studied phrase, and ornate epithet.
And rounded period, poor and vapid thoughts,
Which peep from out the cumbrous ornaments.
That overload their littleness. Its words
Are few, but deep and solemn; and they break
Fresh from the fount of feeling, and are full
Of all that passion, which, on Carmel, fired
The holy prophet, when his lips were coals,
His language winged with terror, as when bolts
Leap from the brooding tempest, armed with wrath.
Commissioned to affright us, and destroy.
Passion, when deep, is still — the glaring eye
That reads its enemy with glance of fire.
The lip, that curls and writhes in bitterness,
The brow contracted, till its wrinkles hide
The keen, fixed orbs, that burn and flash below,
The hand firm clenched and quivering, and the foot f

194 * percival's poems.
Planted in attitude to spring, and dart
Its vengeance, are the language it employs.
So the poetic feeling needs no words
To give it utterance; but it swells, and glows,
And revels in the ecstasies of soul.
And sits at banquet with celestial forms,
The beings of its own creation, fair,
And lovely, as e'er haimted wood and wave,
When earth was peopled, in its solitudes,
With nymph and naiad — mighty, as the gods,
Whose palace was Olympus, and the clouds,
That hung, in gold and flame, around its brow;
Who bore, upon their features, all that grand
And awful dignity of front, which bows
The eye that gazes on the marble Jove,
Who hurls, in wrath, his thunder, and the god,
The imaere of a beauty, so divine.
So masculine, so artless, that we seem
To share in his intensity of joy,
When, sure as fate, the bounding arrow sped,
And darted to the scaly monster's heart.
This spirit is the breath of Nature, blown
Over the sleeping forms of clay, who else
Doze on through life in blank stupidity,
Till by its blast, as by a touch of fire.
They rouse to lofty purpose, and send out,
In deeds of energy, the rage within.
Its seat is deeper in the savage breast,
Than in the man of cities; in the child,
Than in maturer bosoms. Art may prune
Its rank and wild luxuriance, and may train
Its strong out-breakings, and its vehement gusts
To soft refinement, and amenity;
But all its energy has vanished, all
Its maddening, and commanding spirit gone,
And all its tender touches, and its tones
Of soul-dissolving pathos, lost and hid
Among the measured notes, that move as dead
And Heartless, as the puppets in a show.
Well I remember, in my boyish days,
How deep the feeling, when my eye looked forth
On Nature, in her loveliness, and storms.
How my heart gladdened, as the light of spring-
Came from the sun, with zephyrs, and with showers.
Waking the earth to beauty, and the woods
To music, and the atmosphere to blow.
Sweetly and calmy, with its breath of balm.
O! how I gazed upon the dazzling blue
Of summer's Heaven of glory, and the waves.
That rolled, in bending gold, o'er hill and plain;
And on the tempest, when it issued forth,
In folds of blackness, from the northern sky,
And stood above the mountains, silent, dark,
Frowning, and terrible j then sent abroad
