title: Poetry (part 2 of 2)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 45
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

196 percival's poems.
The lightning, as its herald, and the peal,
That rolled in deep, deep volleys, round the hills.
The warning of its coming, and the sound,
That ushered in its elemental war.
And, O! I stood, in breathless longing fixed.
Trembling, and yet not fearful, as the clouds
Heaved their dark billows on the roaring winds,
That sent, from mountain top, and bending wood,
A long hoarse murmur, like the rush of waves,
That burst, in foam and fury, on the shore.
Nor less the swelling of my heart, when high
Rose the blue arch of autumn, cloudless, pure
As nature, at her dawning, when she sprang
Fresh from the hand that wrought her; where the eye
Caught not a speck upon the soft serene,
To stam its deep cerulean, but the cloud.
That floated, like a lonely spirit, there,
White, as the snow of Zemla, or the foam,
That on the mid-sea tosses, cinctured round,
In easy imdulations, with a belt
Woven of bright Apollo's golden hair.
Nor, when that arch, in winter's clearest night.
Mantled in ebon darkness, strowed with stars
Its canopy, that seemed to swell, and swell
The higher, as I gazed upon it, till.
Sphere after sphere, evolving, on the height
Of Heaven, the everlasting throne shone through,
In glory's effulgence, and a wave,
Intensely bright, rolled, like a fountain, forth
Beneath its sapphire pedestal, and streamed
Down the long galaxy, a flood of snow.
Bathing the heavens in light, the spring, that gushed,
In overflowing richness, from the breast
Of all-maternal nature. These I saw,
And felt to madness; but my full heart gave
No utterance to the inefi'able within.
Words were too weak; they were unknown; but still
The feeling was most poignant: it has gone;
And all the deepest flow of sounds, that e'er
Poured, in a torrent fulness, from the tongue
Rich with the wealth of ancient bards, and stored
With all the patriarchs of British song
Hallowed and rendered glorious, cannot tell
Those feelings, which have died, to live no more.
