title: Mental Harmony (part 1 of 2)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 106
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

WE have had pleasant hours, but they are gone;
And we shall never meet again, to spend
Glad moments in the kindly intercourse
Of blended thought and feeling; they are gone.
Those festivals of fancy and of hope,
Those may-days of the spirit, when the voice
Of nature had a sweetness wholly new
And most delightful to me, and the form
And fashion of all creatures took a tint
From the fair light within me; when we gave
Days to such higher thoughts, as lend to life
A swifter pinion, that the flow of hours
Be as the falling of a quiet stream.
Whose current has no sound or sign to tell
It hath an onward motion, and the sun
Go to his setting, and we know it not,
Time steals on such a silent wing away.
There is a holy feeling in the trance
Of thought; it is a calm and quiet sense

percival's poems. 213
Of purer being; we have known such hours,
And they shall be remembered. Who would lose
The memory of our blessings, and the light,
The recollection of departed days
Of a serener pleasure, and a deep
And happy friendship, tranquillized and raised
To more exalted union, such as bound
Two intellects in elder time, who loved
To meet in fond endearment, and to lend
In mutual talk their fullest thoughts — the light.
Such recollection pours into the heart,
Till we are circled with a hallowed sphere
Of bright emotions, who would lose, one day,
Remembrances so gracious, for the wild
Mad tempest of ambition, or the gay
And glittering dance of pleasure, or the pomp
The rich man piles around him. I could walk.
At the pale hour of twilight, on the path
The willow-tree o'ershadows, by the brink
Of a small run of water, and be wrapped
In a deep loneliness, and yet find more
That has in it an ecstasy, in thoughts
Cast back upon the quick hours we have known
In our long woodland wanderings, and the sighf?
That we have mutely gazed on, spread o'er hill.
And plain, and sheeted ocean, than in all
Hope ever promised to my ardent youtk
III the bright path of honour, or the way

214 percival's poems.
That winds through roses, sweetly leading on
Its eager victim to the Bower of Love.
Nature hath lent us with a bounteous hand,
Wherewith to make us happy, and if we
Take not the kindly offer, 't is the fault
Of our perverted hearts, which cannot find
Beaut}' is what is open unto all.
I have resolved within me, that the still
And pure possession of my own free thoughts
Surpasses earthly treasures, and is life
Heightened to a superior essence; hence
The wild woods are my chosen haunt, and there
I read a fairer tome, a richer page,
Than pen of man has traced with characters
Of reason or of fancy. I become,
In the society of untaught things.
Drawn from my duller and my grosser sense,
And lifted in my longings, and I learn
How little there is great in the pursuit
Of riches or of honour, how the mind.
Let in the channel of heroic thought
To flow in freedom onward, and pervade
The purer regions of philosophy,
And tasteful and impassioned poesy —
How mind alone is the true worth of man,
And that which raises him above the sense
Of meaner creatures, and permits a hope
Of luiembodied being, in a high

pekcival's poems. 215
And holy dwelling, lifted far above
Tlie reach of tempest, with essential light
Encircled, and with fairest wings of love
O'ershadowed, the reward and resting place
Of such as hold their journey patiently,
And pause and faint not on their weary way.
The recollection of one upward hour
Hath more in it to tranquillize and cheer
The darkness of despondency, than years
Of gaiety and pleasure. Then, alone
We wander not in solitude, but find
Friends in all things around us, for the heart
Sinks not, and in its sinking bends the mind
From its true lofty region, where it lives
Rejoicing in bright energy; and so
All things are open to the searching eye
Of an unclouded intellect, and bring
Their several treasures to it, and unfold
Their fabric to its scrutiny. All life,
And all inferior orders, in the waste
Of being spread before us, are to him,
Who lives in meditation, and the search
Of wisdom and of beauty, open books,
Wherein he reads the Godhead, and the ways
He works through his creation, and the links
That fasten us to all things, with a sense
Of fellowship and feehng, so that we
Look not upon a cloud, or falling leaf,
