title: Mental Harmony (part 2 of 2)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 70
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

J16 pekcival's poems.
Or flower new blown, or human face divine
But we have caught new life, and wider thrown
The door of reason open, and have stored
In memory's secret chamber, for dark years
Of age and weariness, the food of thought.
And thus extended mind, and made it young,
When the thin hair turns gray, and feeling dies.
But this communion with inferior things
Still leaves a void behind it, and we seek
The kindred thoughts of other men, and bend
Attentive o'er their written souls, wherein
We see their better moments, when they cast
The slough of earth aside, and tried a flight
On an ascending pinion, and renewed
Their purer being, as the insect bursts
The walls that bound it in its second state —
It might be a gilded prison-house;
But yet it was a prison: When its wing
Unfolded, and it knew the bliss of air,
And free and rapid motion, it had life,
And floated as a spirit floats away,
And wandered gayly on from flower to flower,
And was so light aud so ethereal, Man
Selected it the symbol of the soul.
And its free flight through ether on a wing-
That, moving through eternity, will ever
Be active and unwearied, and as bright
In its unrufiled plumage, after years

percival's poems. 217
Have e:athered into ages, and have gone
Beyond the eldest memory of time.
But yet the pen of Genius cannot cheer
And heighten, like the spirit-speaking eye;
And so we seek the living, and we find
That there are spirits that commune with ours,
As if they were our kindred, and were formed
In the same mould; and when we meet with them,
We cling with child-like fondness, as if life
Had not a charm without them, and the sky
With its ethereal beauty, and the earth
Flowering or fading, and the fairest flow
Of pure and tranquil waters, and the words
Of the departed with their might of thought,
Could be to us no solace, and have power
To lend no high conception, nor subdue
The spirit unto meekness; so we lean
On an accordant bosom, and we love
The beating of a heart, that beats as ours,
The speaking of an eye, that tells us thoughts
Which harmonize with what we feel, and all
The light of beauty, passion, tenderness.
And purity, and love of great, and fair,
And fitly fashioned things, until we deem
A sole existence is a wilderness,
That yieldeth only terror, and a curse.
We two have met a little while, and known
How time may glide unnoticed, in the flow

218 percival's poems.
Of thoughts that have a sympathy; we part,
But this shall be a token, thou hast been
A friend to him who traced these hurried lines,
And gave them as a tribute to a friend,
And a remembrance of the few kind hours
Which lightened on the darkness of my path,
And gave a pleasantness to some bright days,
Bright in the light thou gavest them, and warmed
Feelings, that sank in chilliness, and waked
My fancy from its slumber, and thus drew
One volume from its treasures, into day.
