title: Maria (part 2 of 2)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 113
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Till earth seems beautiful and life is heaven.
Her hair was of a sunny brown, and fine
As lines of light that stream across a cloud,

percival's poems. 229
Ere the sun rises, or the scarlet tuft,
That floats beneath the green wave, where on rocks
The sea-pkune clings, and throws its feeling threads,
Like flowing silk around it. It was full,
And dropped in light profusion down her neck,
And o'er her bosom; and it parted lay
In native ringlets round her brow, and shone
Deeper beside the snow it rested on,
And that came fairer through the curling shade
That waved above it, as the sighing wind
Sent a sweet-breathing air to shake the Icclves,
And crisp the sheeted water. As she hung
Her head in deepest sorrow, some few tears
Stole out and pearled her cheek, but these she brushed
With a light touch aside, and then renewed
A song, half sad, half playful, such as comes
From a crazed brain, that says, it knows not why,
A thousand things which are at first as gay
As wild mirth in a revel, and then fall
To a faint tone, in which despair alone
Can have a concord, and at last a sob
Closes it, and her glistening tears o'erflow.
She lifted up her head, and mutely gazed
Awhile upon the world above, and then
Her ashy lips were moving, but no sound
Came through their parting paleness, still it shone
With a faint hectic flush, like the last tint
The sun casts on a wreath of mists, and then

'230 percival's poems.
A most intense cerulean veils it o'er,
So that the sky seems tintless. As she looked
Far in the silent atmosphere, methought
Her blue eye had a fixedness, and saw
A form distinctly featured, and she rose
Half from her seat of turf, and threw her arms,
As if to meet it in a fond embrace.
And a sweet smile broke on her lips, and tears
Stood glistening on her eyelids, such quick joy
Stirred in her heart, and one faint word alone
Escaped, it was Leoni: — then she dropped
Suddenly on her settle, and her head
Drooped languidly, and her long flowing locks
Showered their full ringlets o'er her, big round tears
Dropt thick and freshly through them, and her sobs
Shook her, they were so deep; she pressed her brow
And wrung her hands, and then she cast them down
Clasped on the sod beside her, shook her head.
And with a sweet low voice sighed out, " no more."
She plucked the flowers that grew aroundj and kissed
Their purple and their yellow leaves, and long
Inhaled their perfume; then she opened wide
Her lips to the wild laugh, that tells despair,
And it rang terribly around, and oft
She uttered it still louder, and her eye
Kindled and flashed intensely, and the spot
Of death stood glowing like a ring of fire
On the blue paleness of her cheek, and full

percival's poems. 231
The dark veins throbbed upon her brow, and shot
Their branches o'er her temples, and she waved
Her hand, that seemed a spirit's, where the light
Shone with a purple glimmer through, and then
She'outward turned her palm, and often pushed
Some hateful object from her, and a dark
Mysterious look of madness glazed her eye,
And her pearl teeth were set, and her frame shook
With an internal shuddering; then with slow
And broken sounds she muttered, ^^ false and foul, ''^ •.
Suddenly she sank down, and bending low
Hid her face in her mantle; one weak groan
Stole from her, like a dying wind at eve
Through a sere vine in autumn: then her lamb
Drew to her side, and looked with wistful eye
On her wild sorrow; as her dim eye caught
The innocent eye that gazed so fondly, calm
She lifted up her forehead, and composed
Her scattered tresses, and held out her hand
To the compassionate creature, who wa's now
The only one she trusted in; — she smiled,
As mourners smile, and hanging o'er she spake
Few words of tenderness, " thou wilt not leave,.
Fair face of gentleness, thou wilt not leave,
Though the world leave me:" then she gathered flowers
And grass-blades, and she wove them in a wreath,
And bound it round her minion's neck, and clasped
Its soft limbs to her bosom, with a kiss

232 percival's pokms.
Of sorrow and of love: her soul seemed calm,
And shone serenely through her clear blue eyes,
Which had in them a meek divinity,
All patience, and all hope, that as she gazed
Upward to the pure vault and the bright sun,
Methought her spirit parted, and took wing,
And angels came to welcome it, and bear
The weary stranger to a resting-place.
And lay her on a pillow which no thorn
Hath ever entered. Such a sacred calm
Was printed in her look, that she became
Sainted to all my feelings, and I stood
To see her spurn the earth, and soar away
To the pure air above the highest cone.
That still looked white behind me; but she soon
Rose gently from her seat, and threw her hair
With a quick motion backward, closely drew
Her russet cloak, and twined her braided line
Around her marble fingers, then looked down.
And said, "we must go homeward, sweet one, night
Is coming in the far sky," and ere I
Coidd trace her, through the silent wood withdrew.
