title: A Tale (part 2 of 2)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 74
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

236 percival's poems*
More that had charms to win her, than in all
The light unmeaning swarm, who fawned, and dancedj
And played their tricks in envious rivalry,
Happy to draw from her one scornful smile.
She loved him with a true and early love,
And with her tenderness there was a sense
Of awe, when on those magic eyes she gazed,
Which seemed to look on spirits, not on men.
Still, in her innocent cheerfulness, she sought
To lead him from his solitary haunts,
And throw bright smiles upon that shaded brow,
And light that eye to rapture from its deep
And mute abstraction. So she laughed and sung,
And called him to the dance; but with a gush
Of feeling irresistible, he stole
Aside and wept. Again he sought her ear.
And told her his fond tale. First she looked cold
And o'er her forehead curled a playful frown;
Then suddenly, and with a few light words.
She scornfully turned from him, and enjoyed
The moment of her triumph — it was short,
For with a firm, fixed look, in which were seen
More thoughts of grief than anger, he drew back,
And casting one proud farewell glance, that told
There was no after hope, he turned away,
And soon was gone, an exile, none knew where.
He wandered to another land, and found
New friends, who sought to cheer him; but a weight

percival's poems. 237
Hung on his heart, and would not be removed;
The feeling of regret an(^njury,
The love that will not perish, and the pride
That quenches love, but does not make it hate;
The fondness that will steal at times, and melt
The heart to tears, and then the sudden pang
Of long-remembered scorn, which freezes fast
The fomitain in its flow, and leaves the cold
Dim glare of one, whose only hope is death.
He was in happy regions, and the sky
Above him was most beautiful; its blue
Was higher and intenser, and it took
The spirit on a journey into Heaven,
And made it more than mortal: cool, soft gales
Stole from a peaceful ocean, whose bright waves
Rolled gently on to music, and they blew
Through woven trellices of all-sweet flowers,
And sported round long wreaths of festooned vines
Hung with the gayest blossoms, and o'er beds,
That breathed in mellowest airs of balm and myrrh.
Music was in those bowers, and Beauty there
Crowded in mystic dances, and their nights
Were consecrated to the skilful sounds
Of a most witching harmony, to choirs
Such as once moved in Athens to the voice
Of flutes and timbrels. Many an eye was bent
Full on the noble stranger, and they sought
To win his smile; but yet he would not smile,

238 percival's poems.
For all his better thoughts were far away,
And when he looked upon tUfe lovely ones
Around him, it recalled with keener sense,
Her, who to him was lovelier, whom he loved.
But would not in his bitterness forgive.
When it was told her that the youth had fled,
And fled in anger, then her look was changed.
And never more her steps were in the dance.
Nor were the cheerful sounds of her sweet voice
Heard in the crowd of revellers. Alone
She wept the folly which had thrown away
The only treasure she had truly loved,
And left her in the fairest of her days.
The very spring-time of her loveliness.
Only to think of what had been, and grieve.
