title: Love at Evening
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 104
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

IT was the hour of moonlight — and the bells
Had rung their curfew tones, and they were still;
The echo died around the distant hill,
Sinking in faint and fainter falls and swells.

percival's poems 257
Accordant with the fitful wind, that blew
Over the new mown meadow, where the dew
Stood twinkling on the closely shaven stems,
Glittering as 'twere a carpet sown with gems;
And from the winding river there arose
A mist, that curled in volumed folds, and gave
A snowy mantle to the stealing wave.
Like that which fancy, love-enchanted throws
Over the form it doats on with a feeling
Of most endeared fondness, blind to all,
That is not light and loveliness, concealing
The tints of weakness with a darkest pall:
•And as the moon descending on the cloud.
Gives it a rainbow livery, and hues
All softness and all beauty, so imbues
The fond eye of affection with all charms
The image of its awe: and he is proud,
Aye, prouder than the proudest, when his arms
Around that form of loveliness are flung.
And when those melting eyes are on him hung,
And when those lips are moving in sweet tones,
That tell, whate'er the words be, that she owns
No other for her love — and then the sigh
Struggles within her bosom, and her eye
Is wet with rising tears, and then the smile I
Plays sweetly on her parting lips awhile, '■
And then she hangs upon his arm, and tells.
Her heart how happy — and that fond heart sw?ll«

256 percival's poems.
To give its feelings utterance, and she sings
Sweetly, as when the lark at morning springs
From out a dewy thicket, and away
Winnows his easy flight to meet the day;
'And thus their eyes are blended, and they gaze
A moment on each other, and then turn
To where the countless fires of ether burn,
And look from Heaven with soft and soothing rays;
A moment with uplifted brow they pour
The swelling current of devotion o'er,
And then descending from that upward flight,
Again their eyes in tender looks imite.
Again they speak in under tones, as still
As are the winds that rustle on the hill.
Then side by side in links of fondness prest
Steal silently unto their hallowed rest.

SILENT she stood before me, in the light
And majesty of beauty; and her eye
Was teeming with the visions of her soul —
She stood before me in a veil of white.
The image of her bosom's purity,
And loveliness enveloped her, as bright.
As when, at set of sun, the clouds unrol,
Paviiiotli?'^ the dusky throne of night.

percival's poems, 259
There is a spirit in the kindling glance
Of pure and lofty beauty, which doth quell
Each darker passion; and, as heroes fell
Before the terror of Minerva's lance.
So beauty, armed with virtue, bows the soul
With a commanding, but a sweet control,
Making the heart all holiness and love,
And lifting it to worlds that shine above,
Until subdued, we humbly bend before
The idol of our worship to adore.

STAR of the pensive! " melancholy Star,"
That, from the bosom of the deep ascending.
Shines on the curling waves, like mourner bending
Over the ruins of the joys that werej
Or lone deserted mother sweetly tending
Her hushed babe in its cradle, often blending
Her plaintive song and sigh repressed — sweet star!
I love the eye that looks on me so far
From all this want, and wretchedness, and wo,
From out that home of pure serenity
Above the winds and clouds^When tempests blow,
The sailor through the darkness looks to thee —
Thou art the star of love, and fond hearts gaze
With feeling awe upon thy trembling rays,

260 peecival's poems.
And dream that other eyes are resting there;
And O! what light around the bosom plays,
When dwelling on the beautiful and fair,
We think that eyes beloved those beauties share.

" O! there is a bliss in tears" — in tears, that flow
From out a heart, where tender feelings dwell.
That heaveth, with involuntary swell
Of joy or grief, for others' weal or wo — -
The highest pleasures fortune can bestow,
The proudest deeds that victory can tell.
The charms that beauty weaveth in her spell,
These holy, happy tears how far below:
Yes, 1 would steal me from life's gaudy show,
And seek a covert in a silent shade.
And where the cheating lights of being glow,
See glory after glory dimly fade.
And knowing all my brighter visions o'er,
Deep in my bosom's core my sorrows lay,
And thence the fountains of repentance pour.
Gush after gush, in purer streams away.
