title: Flower of a Southern Garden
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 41
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

FLOWER of a southern garden newly blowing,
Fair as a lily bending on its stem.
Whose curled and yellow locks, in ringlets flowing.
Need not the lustre of a diadem;
Than all the wealth of Ind, a brighter gem;
Than all the pearls, that bud in Oman's sea,
Than all the corals waving over them.
Purer the living light that circles thee;
And through thy tender cheek's transparency
The vermeil tint of life is lightly flushing.
Or, at the faintest, touch of modesty.
In one deep crimson tide is wildly rushing;
Like rose leaves, when the morning's breath is brushing
Away the seeds of pearl the night-cloud shed,

percival's poems. 265
So thy twin opening lips are purely blushing,
Ripe with the softest dew and clearest red;
Purer than crystal in its virgin bed,
Than fountains bubbling in a granite cave,
Than sheeted snow, that wraps a mountain's head,
Or lilies glancing through a stainless wave.
Purer the snow, that mantles o'er thy breast,
And rests upon thy forehead — O! with thee
The hours might flit away so sweetly blest.
That time would melt into eternity.
Go with me to the desert loneliness
Of forest and of mountain — we will share
The joys, that only purify and bless.
And make a paradise of feeling there;
And daily thou shall be more sweet and fair,
And still shalt take a more celestial hue,
Like spirits melting in the midway air,
Till lost and blended in the arch of blue:
Alone, not lonely, we will wander through
Thickets of blooming shrubs and mantling vines,
Happy as bees amid the summer dew.
Or song-birds, when the fresh spring morning shines }
And when departing light shall wing its flight,
And render back the gift that God has given.
Be then to me a seraph form of light,
And bear my fleeting soul away to Heaven.
