title: An Ode to Music (part 1 of 2)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 98
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Iliad, B. 2.
DESCEND, and with thy breath inspire my soul;
Descend, and o'er my lyre
Diffuse thy living fire;
Oh! bid its chords a strain of grandeur roll:
Touched by thy hand their trembling accents ring;
Borne on thy sounding pinions through the sky,
To Heaven the notes in burning ardour spring,
And as the tones in softened whispers die.
Love seems to flutter round on his Aurora-wing.

Oh! Muse, who erst in Tempe's flowery vale
Wert wont to tune thy harp and breathe thy soul,
And o'er Peneus pour thy dying wail;
Who, when loud roaring thunders rocked the pole.
Burst from the dell and 'mid the growling storm
Involved in lurid gloom thy shining form;
And while the tempest o'er Olj'mpus frowned,
And lightnings glittered round the throne of Jove,
Thy lyre, with hurried notes and awful sound, (grove.
Seemed like the voice that rung through dark Dodona'6

Reclined amid the woods that waved around
Castdlia's crystal fount and murmuring stream,
While ever blooming flowerets decked the ground,
And brightened in the summer's softened beam,
Thy virgins nine, with lyres of burnished gold,
Around thy Sylvan throne their descant rolled.
And through the mountain glen — the pensive shade,
A mellow echo would the strain prolong,
And as around the hollow clifis it played, (song.
A thousand heavenly harps seemed answering to the

Urania, o'er her star-bespangled lyre.
With touch of majesty diffused her soul;
A thousand tones, that in the breast inspire
Exalted feelings, o'er the wires 'gan roll —
She sang of night that clothed the infant world,
In strains as solemn as its dark profound —
How at the call of Jove the mist unfurled.
And o'er the swelling vault — the glowing sky.
The new-born stars hung out their lamps on high.
And rolled their mighty orbs to music's sweetest sound.
Majestic Clio touched her silver wire,
And through time's lengthened vista moved a train,
In dignity sublime; — the patriot's fire
Kindled its torch in heaven's resplendent ray.
And 'mid contention rose to Heaven again.

1'ercival's poems. 279
In brightness glowing like the orb of day,
The warrior drove his chariot o'er the slain,
And dyed its wheels in gore; — the battle's yell,
The dying groan, the shout of victory —
Now like the tempest-gust in horror swell,
Now like the sighing breeze in silence melt away.

But when Erato brushed her flowery lute,
What strains of sweetness whispered in the wind!
Soft as at evening v/hen the shepherd's flute
To tones of melting love alone resigned,
Breathes through the windings of the silent vale;
Complaining accents tremble on the gale,
Or notes of ecstacy serenely roll. $
So when the smiling muse of Cupid sung,
Her melody sighed out the sorrowing soul.
Or o'er her silken chords sweet notes of gladness rung.

But oh Melpomene! thy lyre of wo —
To what a mournful pitch its keys were strung,
And when thou badest its tones of sorrow flow,
Each weeping Muse, enamoured, o'er thee hung:
How sweet — how heavenly sweet, when faintly rose
The song of grief, and at its dying close
The soul seemed melting in the trembling breast;
The eye in dews of pity flowed away.
And every heart, by sorrow's load opprest,
To infant softness sunk, as breathed thy mournful lay.

280 percival's poems.

But when, Calliope, thy loud harp rang —
In Epic grandeur rose the lofty strain;
The clash of arms, the trumpet's awful clang
Mixed with the roar of conflict on the plain;
The ardent warrior bade his coursers wheel,
Trampling in dust the feeble and the brave,
Destruction flashed upon his glittering steel,
While round his brow encrimsoned laurels waved,
And o'er him shrilly shrieked the demon of the grave.

Euterpe glanced her fingers o'er her lute.
And lightly waked it to a cheerful strain,
Then laid ft by, and took the mellow flute,
Whose softly flowing warble filled the plain;
It was a lay that roused the drooping soul,
And bade the tear of sorrow cease to flow;
From_ shady woods the Nymphs enchanted stole,
While laughing Cupids bent the silver bow.
Fluttering like fays that flit in Luna's softened glow.
The rage of Pindar filled the sounding air,
As Polyhymnia tried her skill divine;
The shaggy lion roused him from his lair,
And bade his blood-stained eyes in fury shine;
The famished eagle poised his waving wings,
Whetting his thirsty beak — while murder rose.
With hand that grasps a dirk, with eye that glows
