title: An Ode to Music (part 2 of 2)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 79
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

percival's poems* 281
In gloomy madness o'er the throne of kings,
And, as she bade her tones of horror swell,
The demon shook his steel with wild exulting yell.

How light the strain when, decked in vernal bloom,
Thalia tuned her lyre of melody,
And when Terpsichore, with iris-plume,
Bade o'er her lute her rosy fingers fly;
'T was pleasure all — the fawns in mingled choirs,
Glanced on the willing nymphs their wanton fires,
Joy shook his glittering pinions as he flew;
The shout of rapture and the song of bliss,
The sportive titter and the melting kiss.
All blended with the smile, that shone like early dew.

Their music ceased — and rising from thy throne,
Thou took'st thy harp that on the laurel hung.
And bending o'er its chords to try their tone,
A faintly trembling murmur o'er them rung:
At each sweet sound that broke upon the ear.
Started the listening throng, and gazed and smiled;
The satyr leaning on his ivy spear.
Peeped forth delighted from the flowery wild,
And, while thou tunedst the keys, the raptured soul
Hung o'er the flying tones that on the zephyrs stole.

This prelude o'er, a solemn strain arose.
As strayed thy fingers slowly o'er the wire;

282 yercival's poems.
How grand the diapason — and its close,
As when to Heaven the organ notes aspire,
And through the gloomy aisle, the lofty nave,
Swell out the anthem pealing o'er the grave —
Low muttering thunders seemed to roar around,
And rising whirlwinds whispered in the ear;
The warrior started at the solemn sound,
Half drew his sword and slowly shook his spear;
The tiger couched and gazed with burning eye,
In horror growled, and lashed his waving tail;
The serpent rustled like the dying gale,
And bade his tongue in purple ardour fly.
Quivering like lurid flames beneath the midnight sky.

The fury of the storm is howling by,
The whirlwinds rush, the bursting thunders roll,
Grim horror settles o'er the lowering sky.
And ruin flashes on the shuddering soul:
So burst with sudden swell thy awful strain,
And every blast of war was on the gale;
The maddening warriors mingled on the plain,
Loud rose the yell, and rang the clanging mail;
The victor's dripping chariot crushed the slain;
The raging tiger with terrific roar
Sprang on his prey, and dyed his claws in gore;
Rising on spires that shone with varied hue —
Bright crimson, burnished gold, and livid blue.
The serpent hissing in his burning ire,
Glanced on his flying foe, and fixed his tooth of fire.

Struck by thy bounding quill, a mellow lay
Rang o'ei* the harp and softly died away:
As poured the descant in the warrior's ear,
The roar of conflict ceased along the plain.
The foes exulting trampled on the slain.
And shook in mingled dance the glimmering spear;
In listless ease reclined, the tiger lay.
And fondly sported with his bleeding prey;
At times the serpent waved his quivering tail,
Then coiled his folds and all to peace resigned,
Listened the strain that sported in the wind.
And hissed his pleasure, shrill as sounds the infant's wail.

At last a murmur trembled on the lyre,
Soft as the dirge that echoes o'er the bier;
Robbed of his spirit bold, his daring fire —
The vanquished warrior dropped a tender tear.
Leant on his bloody sword and breathed a sigh;
And as the tiger spread his claws of gold.
Fawned round thy form and purred his ecstacy —
His emerald eyes in languid softness rolled;
The serpent falling gently from his spire,
Glided with easy sweep along the plain,
In graceful windings wantoned round thy lyre,
And kissed the trembling chord that breathed the soothing strain.
