title: The Coral Grove
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 145
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

DEEP in the wave is a coral grove,
Where the purple mullet, and gold-fish rove.
Where the sea-flower spreads its leaves of blue,
That never are wet with falling dew.
But in bright and changeful beauty shine.
Far down in the green and glassy brine.
The floor is of sand, like the mountain drift,
And the pearl shells spangle the flinty snow;
From coral rocks the sea plants lift
Their boughs, where the tides and billows flow;
The water is calm and still below,
For the winds and waves are absent there,
And the sands are bright as the stars that glow
In the motionless fields of upper air:
There with its waving blade of green,
The sea-flag streams through the silent water,
And the crimson leaf of the dulse is seen
To blush, like a banner bathed in slaughter:

piircival's poems. 319
There with a light and easy motion,
The fan-coral sweeps through the clear deep sea -,
And the yellow and scarlet tufts of ocean.
Are bending like corn on the upland lea:
And life, in rare and beautiful forms,
Is sporting amid those bowers of stone,
And is safe, when the wrathful spirit of storms,
Has made the top of the wave his own:
And when the ship from his fury flies.
Where the myriad voices of ocean roar,
When the wind-god frowns in the murky skies.
And demons are waiting the wreck on shore;
Then far below in the peaceful sea,
The purple mullet, and gold-fish rove.
Where the waters murmur tranquilly.
Through the bending twigs of the coral grove.

On finding the Anemone Hepatic a, t/ic earliest Ff owe i of Sjyring.
BESIDE a fading bank of snon
A lovely Anemone blew,
Unfolding to the sun's bright glow
Its leaves of Heaven's serenest hue;

320 percival's poems.
The snowy stamens gemmed them o'er,
The pleasing contrast caught my eye,
As on the ocean's sandy shore
The purple shells and corals lie.
I saw the flower — what tumults rose
Within my heart, what ecstasy;
The captive soul no brighter glows,
When hailing life and liberty.
' Tis spring, I cried, pale winter's fled,
The earliest wreath of flowers is blown,
The blossoms withered long and dead
Will soon proclaim their tyrant flown.
How smiles the sun in yonder sky.
How pure the vault of ether swells,
How sweet to hear on mountain high
The tinkle of the shepherd-bells.
The meadows don their green array,
The streams in purer currents flow;
On sunny knolls the lambkins play.
And sport amid the vales below.
The humble Anemone blows.
The blue-bird now is on the wing,
How soon will breathe the blushing rose,
How soon will all around be spring!

A TULIP blossomed, one morning in May,
By the side of a sanded alle}^;
Its leaves were dressed in a rich array,
Like the clouds at the earliest dawn of day,
When the mist rolls over the valley:
The dew had descended the night before,
And lay in its velvet bosom,
And its spreading urn was flowing o'er,
And the crystal heightened the tints, it bore
On its yellow and crimson blossom.
A sweet red-rose, on its bending thorn,
Its bud was newly spreading,
And the flowing eflfulgence of early morn
Its beams on its breast was shedding;
The petals were heavy with dripping tears,
That twinkled in pearly brightness.
And the thrush in its covert thrilled my ears
With a varied song of lightness.
A lily, in mantle of purest snow.
Hung over a silent fountain,
And the wave in its calm and quiet flow.
Displayed its silken leaves below,
liike the drift on the windy mountain;

323 percival's poems.
It bowed with the moisture, the night had wept.
When the stars shone over the billow,
And white-winged spirits their vigils kept,
Where beauty and innocence sweetly slept
On its pure and thornless pillow.
A hyacinth lifted its purple bell
From the slender leaves around it;
It curved its cup in a flowing swell,
And a starry circle crowned it;
The deep blue tincture, that robed it, seemed
The gloomiest garb of sorrow,
As if on its eye no brightness beamed.
And it never in clearer moments dreamed,
Of a fair and a calm to-morrow.
A daisy peeped from the tufted sod,
In its bashful modesty drooping;
Where often the morn, as 1 lightly trod,
In bounding youth, the fallow clod,
Had over it seen me stooping;
It looked in my face with a dewy eye
From its ring of ruby lashes.
And it seemed, that a brighter was lurking by.
The fires of whose ebony lustre fly.
Like summer's dazzling flashes.
And the wind, with a soft and silent wing,
Brushed over this wild of flowers,

percival's poems. 323
And it wakened the birds, who began to sing
Their hymn to the season of love and spring,
In the shade of the bending bowers;
And it culled their full nectareous store,
In its lightly fluttering motion.
As when from Hybla's murmuring shore
The evening breeze from her thyme-beds bore
Their sweetness over the ocean.

I HAD found out a sweet green spot,
Where a lily was blooming fair;
The din of the city disturbed it not.
But the spirit, that shades the quiet cot
With its wings of love, was there.
I found that lily's bloom.
When the day was dark and chill;
It smiled, like a star, in the misty gloom,
And it sent abroad a soft perfume,
Which is floating around me still.
I sat by the lily's bell,
And I watched it many a day;
The leaves, that rose in a flowing swell.
Grew faint and dim, then drooped and fell,
And the flower had flown awav.

324 pekcival's poem».
I looked where the leaves were laid, '
In withermg paleness, by;
And, as gloomy thoughts stole on me, said",
There is many a sweet and blooming maid,
Who will soon as dimly die.
