title: The Mermaid (part 1 of 3)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 122
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

THE waning moon looked cold and pale,
.Just rising o'er the eastern wave,
And faintly moaned the evening gale,
That swept along the gloomy cave:
The waves that wildly rose and fell,
On all the rocks the white foam flung.
And like the distant funeral knell,
Within her grot the Mermaid sung.

It was a strain of witchery
So sweet, yet mournful to my ear,
It lit the smile, it waked the sigh.
Then started pity's pearly tear;
There was a ruffle in my breast,
It was not joy, it was not pain,
'T was wild as yonder billow's crest,
That tosses o'er the heaving main.

328 percival's poems.

Along the wave the moon's cold light,
With trembling radiance feebly shone;
A lustre neither faint nor bright
Sparkled on yonder watery stone:
There, seated on her sea-beat throne,
The Mermaid eyed the dashing wave,
Then waked her wild harp's melting tone,
And breathed the music of the grave.

Her silken tresses all unbound,
Played loosely on the evening gale,
She cast a mournful look around.
Then sweetly woke her wild harp's wail;
And, as her marble fingers flew
Along the chords, such music flowed —
Her cheek assumed a varied hue.
Where grief grew pale — where pleasure glowed,

The sound rose sweetly on the wind,
It was a strain of melancholy —
It soothed each tumult of the mind.
And hushed the wildest laugh of folly.
It flowed so softly o'er the main,
And spread so calmly, widely 'round;
The air seemed living with the strain,
And every zephyr breathed the sound.

percival's poems. 32S

The seal, that sported on the shore,
His gambols ceased, and pricked his ear;
He heeded not the billow's roar —
That strain was all he seemed to hear.
As through the surf the dolphins flew,
They stopped and played around her throne,
It seemed, Arion woke anew
His harp to some celestial tone. '

With what a thrilling ecstacy
I heard the music of her lyre;
The very soul of melody
Seemed warbling on the trembling wire:
O! never o'er her infant dear
The mother half so fondly hung.
As when I bent my soul to hear
Those heavenly strains the Mermaid sung.
On viewing, one summer evening, the house of my birth,
in a state of desertion.
THE crescent moon with pallid light
Was silvering o'er the brow of night;
With downy wing the summer-breeze
Sported amid the rustling trees,
Waving the leaves that lightly flew,
And kissing off the night-fallen dew.

330 percival's poems.
Along the gently-winding vale,
Its surface ruffled by the gale,
The softly-flowing rivulet strayed.
While o'er its wave the moonbeam played,
Smiling, as calmly stealing by,
Like tears of joy in beauty's eye.
Through the wood my fancy loved,
Rapt in kindhng thought, I roved;
Not a zephyr shook the spray
To brush the trembling gems away;
Not a warble met my ear,
All was silent far and near.
Still as cypress boughs, that wave
Slowly o'er the lonely grave.
And weave their deep, impressive gloom —
Fit emblem of the dreary tomb.
Down a glen, where half unseen,
Banked with turf of deepest green,
Flowed a winding rill along.
Tinkling Uke the milk-maid's song;
Where the moon's reflected ray
Smiling on the surface lay,
Seeming to sleep in soft repose.
Like morning dew-drops on the rose;
Where the evening-splendours fade
In the maple's quiet shade;

percival's poems. 331

Lonely, desolate appears,
Pale as in the vale of years,
The mansion where my infant eye
First saw the rocks, the woods, the sky,
0! it was a lovely sight,
Though obscured by shades of night;
And though the ivy-mantled wall
At intervals was heard to fall,
Breaking with faintly rattling sound
The quiet hush that reigned around.
Through the walks, where privets blew
And purple lilacs wildly grew,
'Mid entangling weeds and briars,
And the rye-grass' waving spires,
'Neath the pear-tree, where, as Spring
Bade her untaught music ring.
Purest blooms of snowy white
Charmed the fond-reposing sight,
And gales of incense whispered by
Gentle as the lover's sigh
I wandered slow, and fondly viewed
This scene in evening tears bedewed,
And felt around my heart the throe
Of tender grief and melting wo,
To see a spot so sweet, so dear,
Now laid on desolation's bier.
And view a scene of loveliness
In ruin's wildest, roughest dress.
