title: The Mermaid (part 2 of 3)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 112
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

332 rERCivAL s poems
With trembling hand I oped the door,
And wandered o'er the mouldering floor j;
Along the slowly crumbling wall,
Where wintry fires were wont to fall
And smile with beams of rnddy light,
Chasing away the gloom of night,
Nought was seen but shadows drear
And sights that filled my sonl with fear:
Darkened by trickling autumn rains.
That left their wild fantastic stains,
Seeming, as stars with feeble ray
Reflected o'er the ceiling play,
Spirits that swiftly flutter by
And glance like visions on my eye.
And there the slowly creeping snail
Drew o'er the wall its slimy veil;
Its silken web the spider wove
To trap the flies that idly rove;
While, slumbering through the summer's day.
The bat in some lone corner lay,
Till started by my solemn tread
He flapped his wings around my head,
And darting through the broken pane
Sailed on the evening breeze again.
The moonbeam shone along the room,
Like starlight glistening on a tomb;
The clock was still — its sweet-toned bell
No longer rung Time's funeral knell,

percival's poems, 33»
No more its index seemed to say
How swift the moments flew away.
All was lonely, all was still,
The thrush was silent on the hill,
The sheep-bell's shrilly tinkling note
Was heard no longer in the cote,
No breathing soul the silence broke,
No flageolet its sweetness woke,
No voice was singing in the vale,
No echo floated on the gale;
'Twas hushed, but when with droning sound
The slow-winged beetle hummed around.
Resting on a broken chair,
Rehc of the ruin there,
By the window I reclined
And listened to the moaning wind.
That whispered through the broken pane,
Mournful as the funeral strain.
O'er my head the woodbine blew,
All its flowers were wet with dew.
And sweeter fragrance flowed around,
Than ever charmed enchanted ground;
So sweet the scent, that Eden's gale
Seemed breathing through the desert vale.
Ivy hung its tendrils there,
And trembled in the dewy air,
Twisting around the shattered frame,
Where still a rudely sculptured name

334 percival's poems.
Half hid in lichens caught my eye,
And told me of the years gone by.
Beneath my eye and in the shade,
An aged elm low-bending made,
A modest rose-bush reared its head
And far around its sweetness shed.
Two damask flowers with leaflets pale,
Were lightly trembling on the gale,
And, as the moonbeam o'er them shone,
Seemed like two mourners left alone
Amid those scenes, where gay delight.
Frolic ever dancing light,
Woke their shouts of rapture wild.
And cheerfulness serenely smiled.
All — all were gone. Like insects gay.
That sport them in the summer ray.
Young Happiness, so sweetly blown.
With hurrying wing away had flown,
Vanished in night the vision fair,
And left these two to wither there.
Soon I glanced my roving eye
On a sprig of rosemary;
Hid in grass that rankly grew
There the humble flow'ret blew.
Bashful 'neath the rose's shade
All its modest hues displayed;

percival's poems. 335

As the maiden sweet as May
With her eye of heavenly ray
Shrinking from the world's rude storm,
Hides in shades obscure her form.
On its lip of paley blue,
Smiled in peace a pearl of dew;
'T was a melancholy flower,
Such as in affliction's hour
O'er the heaving turf I'd throw.
To deck the friend that rests below.
Glancing farther o'er the scene,
Gay with flowers and soft with green;
But now beneath the moon's pale light
All seemed one colour to the sight.
Such the mellow fading tint,
When the fays their footsteps print,
Where the tiny billows break
On the gently heaving lake:
'T was not ebon, 't was not green,
Mingled hues that melt between;
As when beside the taper's ray
The maiden weeps the hours away.
And seen at distance faintly glows,
Her grief-worn cheeks decaying rose,
Till every soft and winning charm
Dissolves into a sylphid form.
