title: The Parting of (part 1 of 3)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 110
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

" WE part, perhaps to meet no more —
To distant lands from thee I go;
Far, far beyond the ocean's roar.
For thee my tears will ever flow:
An exile from my native land,
I long must plow the raging main:
Alas! no Mary's gentle hand
Shall sooth my bosom's inward pain.

842 percival's poems.
Thou weep'st, my love: — how dear those tears,
Wiiat treasures t) thy WiiUain's heart:
They banish all his anxious fears —
They bkint the point of sorrow's dart —
They tell me Mary loves me still,
And grieves to bid her last adieu:
Oh. guard her, Heaven, from every 111,
And keep her to her WilHam true."
" And wilt thou, William! think no more.
When far beyond the ragmg mam,
How Mary lingers on this shore
And strains to catch thy sail in vain r
Oh, William! let thy wishes rise #
And send them o'er the wave to me:
The Power, that rjiles in yonder skies.
Will hear the vows of constancy."
Yes! I will think when far away,
H'^'W thou art weeping on this shore;
Diik be the hour, and curst the day.
When I shall muse on thee no more.
But hark! the signal! we must part: —
While life remains let us be true;
Yes! though I feel a bursting heart,
I now must bid my last adieu."

Her drooping; head his Mary laid
Upon the youth she loved so well;
He irently kissed the sinking- maid
And breathed upon her Wps farewell;
Then tore him from her fond embrace
And dashed the tear-drops from his eye —
Just gazed upon her anu;el-face;
Then turned and marked the streamers fly.
He shouted, as he leaped on board,
To hide his bosom's niward pain;
The sails were set — the loud winds roared-—
The ship plowed foaming to the main.

ON Regg;io's classic shore I stood.
And looked across the wave below,
And saw the sea, a glassy flood.
In all the hues of morning glow;*
Groves waved aloft on sunward hills.
Their leaves were green and tipt with gold,
And all the dazzHng pomp, that fills
The sunset skies, was round thpni rolled;

"The r ata i>ioi'i'cuia.
344 percival's i^dems.
Arches on arches, proudly piled,
Seemed towering to the deep-blue sky,
And ruins lay deserted, wild.
And torrents foamed and thundered by;
And flowery meadows soft and green,
In living emerald met the light.
And o'er their dewy turf were seen.
In countless gems, the drops of niglit;
And gardens, full of freshest flowers,
Unfurled the pictured veil of Spring,
And round the gay and perfumed bowers
Sweet-warbling birds were on the wing;
And many a tall and stately spire
Rose to the clouds, that loosely curled,
And kindled each with solar fire.
Seemed beings of a brighter world;
And mountains reared their giant head.
And lifted high their peak of snow.
And o'er its wide majestic bed
The ocean seemed to ebb and flow;
And all the wonders of the skies,
And earth and sea were thrown around,
And all were stained in deepest dies.
And vast as Being's utmost bound;
And on the magic scene I gazed.
And as behind the hills arose
The golden Sun, awhile it blazed
In brighter tints, and then it closed.

And all the changing pageant passed,
In faint and fainter hues, away,
Until a tender green, at last,
Glassed o'er the still and waveless bay,
And Reggio's towers, Messina's wall,
The hills, the woods, the frequent sail.
That trembled on the stream, were all
The relics of the Fairy tale.
'Twas evening, and the Sun went down,
Deep crimsoned in the frowning sky.
And Night, in robe of dusky brown.
Hung out her lurid veil on high;
A mist crept o'er the lonely wild.
That heaved, a sandy ocean, round.
And loosely lay, in billows piled.
To the horizon's farthest bound;
The Sun, as if involved in blood.
Shone through the fog with direful beam.
And from behind the hills, a flood
Of liquid purple poured its stream,
And o'er the dusty desert flowed,
Until, as kindled by the rays.
The heated plain intensely glowed,
Like some wide forest in a blaze;
And riding o'er the distant waste
The burning sand-spout stalked along.
And as the horrid phantom passed,
