title: The Parting of (part 2 of 3)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 114
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

346 percival's poems.
The driver keener plied his thong,
And shrieked, as on the Simoom roared,
As if the gathered fiends of hell,
Around in vengeful armies poured.
Had rung the world's decisive knell:
But far away a bright Oase*
Shone sweetly in the eastern sky,
As fair, as in the magic glass
Groves, lawns, and hills, and waters lie;
A lake in mirrored brightness lay.
Spread like an overflowing Nile,
Its peaceful rippling seemed to play,
And curl in summer's sweetest smile;
The sunset tinged the surface o'er,
And here it lay in sheeted gold.
And there the ruffled stream, before
The evening breeze, in emerald rolled;
And many a white and platted sail
Dropped softly down the silent tide,
Or as the rising winds prevail.
Careening low was seen to glide;
And there the fisher plied his oar.
And spread his net, and hung his pole.
And drove with palm boughs to the shore.
In crowds, the gaily glittering shoal;

"The Mirage of the Desert.
percival's poems..347
And birds Mere ever on the wing,
Or lightly plashing in the flood,
And gorgeous, as an eastern King,
In stately pomp the Flammant stood;
And herds of lowing bufl'aloes.
And light gazelles came down to drink,
And there the river horse arose,
And stalked a giant to the brink;
And shepherds drove their pastured flocks
To taste the cool, refreshing wave.
And on the heathy-mantled rocks
The goats their tender bleating gave:
And o'er the green and rice-clad plain,
In coats of crimson, gold and blue.
The small birds trilled their mellow strain,
And revelled in the falling dew;
And there the palm its pillar heaves,
And spreads its umbelled crown of flowers,
And broad and pointed glossy leaves,
Whose shade the idle camp embowers;
And there the aged sit and tell
Their tales, as high the light smoke curls.
And eye the dance, around the well.
Of fiery youths and black-eyed girls.
Or where in many a leap and curve
They keenly rush around the ring,
And with an aim, that cannot swerve,
In eager strife the jerreed fling;

348 percival's foems.
And there beside the bubblhig fount
The date its welcome shadow threw,
And many a child was seen to mount,
And pluck the fruit that on it grew;
And with its broad and pendent boughs,
The thickly tufted sycamore,
The image of profound repose.
Waved silently along the shore;
And mangroves bent their limbs to taste
The wave, that calmly floated by,
And showed beneath, as purely glassed,
A softer image of the sky;
And groves of myrtle sweetly blew,
And hung their boughs with spikes of snow.
And beds of flowering cassia threw
A splendour like the morning glow;
And o'er the wild, that stretched away
To meet the sands, now steeped with rain,
The lilies, in their proud array,
With pictured brightness gemmed the plain;
And roses, damask, white, and red.
Stood breathing perfume on the rocks,
And there the dry acacia spread
Its deep, unfading yellow locks;
And gardens brighter bloomed the while
Around the silver tiled kiosk.
And brighter shone with sacred smile
The gilded crescent on the mosque;

percival's poems. 349
And over all calm evening drew
A tender, softly dimming veil,
And mellowed down each gaj'er hue
To tints, that seemed divinely pale;
It was a lovely resting place,
The traveller's home, the pilgrim's well,
Where he might sit at ease and trace
His wanderings, and his dangers tell;
It rose at once upon their sight,
Like paradise from Heaven descending,
And there, with keen and eager light.
Each look, in panting hope, was bending;
An island on the pathless waste,
It caught the weary camel's eye,
And on he flew in wildest haste.
As if to drink the wave, and die;
And there the fainting Bedouin gazed,
As if the cup of life were given.
And then with thankful look he raised
His withered hands in prayer to Heaven;
And as he hurried on his road
O'er burning sand, and flinty rock,
Before his eye the phantom flowed,
A flattering, but delusive mock;
Its brightest tints grew wan and pale.
Its fairer features faded dim.
Till in a dark and lonely vale
A mist alone was seen to swimj
