title: The Parting of (part 3 of 3)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 95
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

350 peiicival's poems.
And as the tear in anguish stole,
The last and faintest beam of day
Fled, and the dream was seen to roll
And vanish in the night away;
And cold the wild Harmattan blew.
And rolled the dusty billow by.
But still no welcome rain nor dew
Came down to soothe their misery;
Parched, burnt, in agony they tread
The waste, in hopeless longing, o'er,
A frowning sky above their head,
A shoreless sea of sand before.
And life is but a fairy tale —
Its fondest and its brightest hours
Are transient as the passing gale.
Or drops of dew that melt in flowers;
And life is but a fleeting dream,
A shadow of a pictured sky.
The airy phantom of a stream,
That flattering smiles, and hurries by;
The mists that hover o'er the deep,*
And seem the storm-beat sailor's home,
And still retiring, always keep
Their station on the farthest foam;
Till imaged out, his woods and hills,
His father's cot, the village spire,
And all his heated fancy wills,
And all his eager hopes desire.
The white chalk coast that fronts the billow,
The boat that trimly scuds below,
The brook that glides beneath the willow,
With lulling chime and quiet flow;
Till all he loves, and all he longs
To meet and fold his arms around,
Come crowding in alluring throngs,
And every charm of home is found;
And round the ship the meadow lies,
That filled his hand with flowers in May,
And as the billows onward rise.
They spread and blossom green and gay;
But if he stoop to pluck the grass,
That waves in frolic mimicry,
Away the darling phantoms pass,
And leave alone the bitter sea:
And life is but a painted bow,
That crowns our days to come with smiles,
The mingled tints of Heaven, that throw
Their pomp on glory's airy piles;
But when we run to catch the gay
And glittering pageant, all is o'er,
And all its bright and rich array
Can draw us fondlv on no more:

352 percival's poems.
'Tis like the moon who shines so clear
Above the mountains and the groves,
And seems to float along so near
The boy, he grasps the moon, he loves,
And dreams, it is some sweet, bright face,
Who smiles in such a pleasant sky,
And he would think it Heaven to pass
His still, soft nights, that maiden by;
He sits upon the grassy bank,
And rests his face upon his hand
And looks intent, as if he drank
The light that silver sea and land;
And though she smiles so sweetly on
Her fond and loving shepherd boy,
The same bright face is ever won
By those, who make the night their joy:
O! life and all its charms decay,
Alluring, cheating, on they go;
The stream for ever steals awa'v
In one irrevocable flow;
Its dearest charms, the charms of love,
Are fairest in their bud, and die
Whene'er their tender bloom we move,
We touch the leaves, they withered lie;
At distance all how gay, how sweet,
A very land of fairy blisses.
Where smiles, and tears, and soft words meet,
And willing lips unite in kisses;

percival's poems. 353
But when we touch the magic shore,
The glow is gone, the charm is fled;
We find the dearest hues it wore.
Are but the light around the dead.
And cold the hymeneal chain,
That binds their cheated hearts in one,
And on, with'many a step of pain.
Their weary race is sadly run;
And still, as on they plod their way,
They find, as life's gay dreams depart,
To close their being's toilsome day.
Nought left them but a broken heart.
