title: The Flower of the Valley
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: anapestic mixed
lines: 98
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

SWEET flower of the valley, why droopest thou so low,
Ah! why is thy beauty all faded and gone,
Ah! who could destroy thee — who wield the sad blow,
Who rifle tJiy charms in their earliest dawn?
So gay was the morning, that rose as you blew,
So fragrant the zephyrs that fluttered around —
So soft did'st thou smile through thy mantle of dew,
No lovelier ^ower in the valley was found.
But see, on the turf all thy beauties are laid.
Thy leaves, they are scattered, thy sweetness is gone:
Thy colours — once gay as the rainbow — now fade
As fast, as the hues that enliven the dawn.
Sweet flower! once the sweetest that bloomed in the vale —
Sweet flower! we will weep, for thy beauties are fled —
For those charms that are gone we will pour the sad wail,
And chant o'er thy ruins the dirge of the dead.

356 percival's poems.

Written on hearing a lady sing in the tower of
Montevideo, near Hartford.
THE soft dews of twilight are steeping the plain,
And gemming the bougi)s of the willow —
The eve-star is lighting its twinkle again,
To shine on the foam of the billow —
The south breeze is brushing the breast of the lake,
That swells with a light heaving motion.
And its ripple is heard on the pebbles to break
Like the slumbering wave of the ocean —
The gale on its pinions of gossamer flies
Through the boughs of the low bending willow,
And sweeping the forest, it mournfully sighs
O'er the turf of my flowery pillow —
It bears on its wing, from the dark lonely tower,
O'er the mead, and the wave's "playful motion,"
The song of the maid, who at eve's balmy hour
Sings her sweet breathing strain of devotion:
Like the hymn of a seraph, it floats through the grove,
And sighs o'er the slope of the mountain;
How sweet — how enchanting its warble of love —
How it lulls, like the flow of the fountain.

percival's poems. 357
As I listen, 1 fancy the dew-dropping cloud,
That glows with a lovely " to-morrow,"
An angel conceals in its ebony shroud,
Whose harp breathes her accent of sorrow.

ONCE, on a cloudless summer-day.
Beneath a mantling vine I lay.
When Cupid came by chance that way,
And aimed at me an arrow.
He laid the dart upon the bow,
And drew the horn and sinew so —
And said, "my friend, you soon will know,
How keenly stings my arrow."
His cheek was gay, his eye was bright.
And shot a piercing, bitter light —
He drew the nerve all tense and tight,
And then let fly his arrow.
The bow twanged sharp, and with a bound
At once its mark the weapon found;
I tingled with the fiery wound
Of that soul-kindling arrow.

358 percival's poems.
He flapped his wings, away he flew,
And turning backward looked me through,
And sUly laughed, as forth 1 drew
The heart-encrimsoned arrow.
I felt my blood like lava glow,
I writhed, and twined, and wrestled so,
As madmen in their dying throe —
I broke and cursed the arrow.
It is indeed a cruel thing,
When early youth is on the wing.
To feel, and keenly feel the sting
Of such a poisoned arrow.

MY heart too firmly trusted, fondly gave
Itself to all its tenderness a slave;
I had no wish but thee and only thee;
I saw no joy, no hope, beyond thy smile;
I knew no happiness, but only while
Thy love-lit eyes were kindly turned on me.
I took the tender image to my breast,
I made it there a dear, a cherished guest,

percival's poems. 359
I laid it on the pillow of my soul;
I gave it all my feeling, and around
The fond idea all my heart-strings bound;
In that one point I blent my being's whole.
But thou hast gone, and left me here to bear
The weight of loneliness — thou thinkest not, where
Bright forms caress thee, of my bosom torn
By thee so coldly — but I cannot rend
Thy image from my heart, I cannot blend
Hate with the love so long, so fondly borne.
I feel my spirit falter, and my frame
Trembling and faint with weakness, but the flame
Of passion burns as brightly — I will lay
My forehead on my pillow, and resign
My bosom to its torture, nor repine,
And let the fire consume my life away.
