title: Song
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: anapestic mixed
lines: 103
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

O! PURE is the wind,
As it blows o'er the mountain;
And clear is the wave,
As it flows from the fountain;
And sweet are the flowers
In the green meadow blooming;
And gay are the bowers.
When the soft air perfuming

percival's poems. 365
O! go, clearest, go
To the heath, and the mountain,
Where the blue violets blow
On the brink of the fountain;
Where nothing, but death,
Our affection can sever;
And till life's latest breath
Love shall bind us for ever.
O! bright is the morn,
When it breaks on the valley;
And shrill is the horn,
When the wild huntsmen sally;
And clear shines the dew,
As the hounds hurry o'er it;
And light blows the wind,
As the sail flies before it.
^ go, dearest, go, Sic.
O! soft is the mist.
When it curls round the island;
And dark is the cloud,
As it hangs on the highland;
And sweet chimes the rill.
O'er the white pebble flowing;
And quick glides the boat
O'er the smooth water rowing,
O! go, dearest, go, Sic.

366 percival's poems.
O! fleet is the deer
Through the bhie heather springing,
And loud is the shout
Through the wild valley ringing;
And soft is the flute
O'er the lake faintly sighing,
When the wide air is mute,
And the night-wind is dying.
O! go, dearest, go, k,c.
O! go, dearest, go
To the heath and the mountain;
Where the heart shall be pure,
As the clear-flowing fountain;
Where the soul shall be free.
As the winds, that blow o'er us;
And the sunset of life
Smile in beauty before us.
O! go, dearest, go
To the heath, and the mountain.
Where the blue violets blow
On the brink of the fountain;
Where nothing, but death,
Our afiection can sever;
And till life's latest breath
Love shall bind us for ever.

percival's poems. 307

0! HAD I the wings of a swallow, I'd fly
Where the roses are blossomhig all the year long,
Where the landscape is always a feast to the eye,
And the bills of the warblers are ever in song;
O! then I would fly from the cold and the snow.
And hie to the land of the orange and vine.
And carol the winter away in the glow,
That rolls o'er the ever green bowers of the line.
Indeed, I should gloomily steal o'er the deep.
Like the storm-loving petrel, that skims there, alone;
I would take me a dear little martin to keep
A sociable flight to the tropical zone:
How cheerily, wing by wing, over the sea
We would fly from the dark clouds of winter away.
And for ever our song and our twitter should be,
"To the land where the year is eternally gay."
We would nestle awhile in the jessamine bowers,
And take up our lodge in the crown of the palm,
And live, like the bee, on its fruits and its flowers,
That always are flowing with honey and balm;
And there we would stay, till the winter is o'er.
And April is chequered with sunshine and rain —
O! then we would flit from that far-distant shore
Over island and wave to our country again.

3GS percival's poems.
How light we would skim, where the billows are rolled
Through clusters that bend with the cane and the lime;
And break on the beaches in surges of gold,
When morning comes forth in her loveliest prime:
We would touch for a while, as we traversed the ocean,
At the islands that echoed to Waller and Moore,
And winnow our wings with an easier motion
Through the breath of the cedar that blows from the shore.
And when we had rested our wings, and had fed
On the sweetness that comes from the juniper groves,
By the spirit of home and of infancy led.
We would hurry again to the land of our loves;
And when from the breast of the ocean would spring,
Far off in the distance, that dear native shore,
In the joy of our hearts we would cheerily sing,
" No land is so lovely, when winter is o'er."
