title: Retrospection (part 1 of 2)
author: James Gates Percival
date: ed. 1823
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00perc (Poems, New York: Charles Wiley, 1823; OCR text)
form: anapestic mixed
lines: 131
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

THERE are moments in life, which are never forgot,
Which brighten, and brighten, as time steals away;
They give a new charm to the happiest lot,
And they shine on the gloom of the loneliest day:
These moments are hallowed by smiles and by tears;
The first look of love, and the last parting given;
As the sun, in the dawn of his glory, appears,
And the cloud weeps and glows with the rainbow in
Heaven.
There are hours — there are minutes, which memorybrings.
Like blossoms of Eden, to twine round the heart;
And as time rushes by on the might of his wings,
They may darken awhile, but they never depart:
O! these hallowed remembrances cannot decay.
But they come on the soul with a magical thrill;
And in days that are darkest, they kindly will stay,
And the heart, in its last throb, will beat with them still.

percival's poems. 371
They come, like the dawn in its loveliness, now.
The same look of beauty, that shot to my soul;
The snows of the mountain are bleached on her brow,
And her eyes, in the blue of the firmament, roll:
The roses are dim by her cheek's living bloom,
And her coral lips part, like the opening of flowers;
She moves through the air in a cloud of perfume,
Like the wind from the blossoms of jessamine bowers.
From her eye's melting azure there sparkles a flame,
That kindled my young blood to ecstacy's glow;
She speaks — and the tones of her voice are the same,
As would once, like the wind-harp, in melody flow:
That touch, as her hand meets and mingles with mine,
Shoots along to my heart, with electrical thrill;
'T was a moment, for earth too supremely divine.
And while life lasts, its sweetness shall cling to me still.
We met — and we drank from the crystalline well
That flows from the fountain of science above;
On the beauties of thought we would gently dwell,
Till we looked — though we never were talking of love:
We parted — the tear glistened bright in her eye,
And her melting hand shook, as I dropped it for ever;
O! that moment will always be hovering by.
Life may frown — but its light shall abandon me---never.

THE night is clear,
The sky is fair,
The wave is resting on the ocean;
And far and near
The silent air
Just lifts the flag with faintest motion.
There is no gale
To fill the sail,
No wind to heave the curling billow;
The streamers droop,
And trembling stoop,
Like boughs, that crown the weeping willow.
From off the shore
Is heard the roar
Of waves in softest motion rolling;
The twinkling stars,
And whispering airs
Are all to peace the heart controlling-
The moon is bright,
Her ring of light,

percival's poems. ^ 373
In silver, pales the blue of Hea^^i,
Or tints with gold,
Where lightly rolled,
Like deecy snow, the rack is driven.
How calm and clear
The silent airV
How smoodfi and still the glassy ocean!
While stai^ above
Seem Igmips of love.
To light the temple of devotion.

MX heart was a mirror, that showed every treasure
Of beauty and loveliness, life can display;
It reflected each beautiful blossom of pleasure,
But turned from the dark looks of bigots away;
It was living and moving with loveliest creatures,
In smiles or in tears, as the soft spirit chose;
Now shining with brightest and ruddiest features.
Now pale as the snow of the dwarf mountain rose.
These visions of sweetness for ever were playing,
Like butterflies fanning the still summer air;
Some sported a moment, some, never decaying.
In deep hues of love are still lingering there:

S14 - percival's poems.
At times some fair spirit, descending from Heaven,
Would shroud all the rest in the blaze of its light;
Then wood nymphs and fays o'er the mirror were driven,
Like the fire-swarms, that ^iindle the darkness of night.
But the winds and the storms broke the mirror, and severed
Full many a beautiful angel in twain i
And the tempest raged on, till the fragments were shivered
And scattered, like dust, as it rolls o'er the plain:
One piece, which the storm, in its madness, neglected
Away, on the wings of the whirlwind, to bear,
One fragment was left, and that fragment reflected
All the beauty, that Mary threw carelessly there.

O! NOW'S the hour, when air is sweet,
And birds are all in tune.
To seek with me the cool retreat,
In bright and merry June;
When every rose-bush has a nest,
And every thorn a flower,
And every thing on earth is blest.
This sweet and holy hour.

percival's poems. 375
O come, my dear, when evening flings
Her veil of purple round.
And zephyr, on his dewy wings.
Sweeps o'er the flowery ground;
When every bird of day is still.
And stars are bright above,
O come, my dear, and we will fill
Our cup, and drink of love.
We'll fill it from the pure blue sky,
And from the glowing west,
And catch its spirit in thine eye,
And in the small bird's nest;
And take its sweetness from the flowerSy
Its freshness from the spring,
Its coolness from the dewy hours,
When night-hawks take the wing.
Then we will wander far away,
Along the flowery vale,
Where winds the brook, in sparkling play,
And freshly blows the gale;
And we will sit beneath the shade.
That maples weave above,
And on the mossy pillow laid,
Will drink the cup of love.
