Printed for Bernard Lintott at the 8 5-Keys between 3

r two Temple 5 in Fleet-streer, 1715.

a — — - % a -

F © 2 k l

— — — K —ů—ů— —— — — — —
„% „„ moat —— _—
Re poS; * * 4 7

Farl of Rockingham; ;

Viscount Sondes of Lees ;

court, wp and Baron of
Jhrowle.. +) 5h

Mr Lord, 3
HE Honour 7 3 7 5
tained in being permitto

Y%j,jmñ Lordship „ has

A*-$- - Publuck

ted to inscribe this Poem.

agua an Fo cd as well of

DzBicxrion:”

p el Congratulation, as ww

ledgment; of rejoycing at the Just
Notice his Majesty has taken of your
Lordship's Merns, as of expressing
my Gratitude for those vast and singular.
Benefits, which I owe to your

bis he first Trifle, my Lora,
0 7 my Production, for which I have

5 presumd to beg your Protection;
tho! hour Lordship 94, d tw
pattonize the Author, (if T may

Jo call it) almost om BY 2 gur of

his Birth. It is peculiarly known
of your Lordship, by all that can
profess to be acquamied with your
Character, that wherespever you
condeseend to grve your Name, as
it is an immediate Honour to the
H. arent, "0 you make a @ certain

s Greatness of Soul. ©

> © UV wo

D EDICATION.

Earnest of yer future Favour to the

1. this early 8 as * e

wp „I became intitled to your Hal.

ship's Countenance and Protection:
Aud permit me, my Lord, to hoast

of that chearing. Tufluence from your

Goodness, which secured me against
those Calamities, that might have

erush'd me, thro the Loss of a Father,
aud a decaymg Fortune.
Generosity never can att more

powerfully, than when it is cemred.

n a Nobleman's Breast ; 71s there,

lite Light, imbodlied in the Sun, I a

that al ways refreshes the Objet 1
shines on. Thus, my Lord, yyter
Favour. no sooner damm d on me,
but it was secouded with real and.
oli Benefits. You beftaw'd an

Devicarto
Eiucation's on me, Wo may justly fiyle /

Liberal, since for above seven
Mars hou were pleasd to male
me a Gr: e for your Noble
Sops. N
Nor has your. Generosity been
ronford to the” Date of my Child
hood, I till enjoy the Honour of
your Smiles, and feel the Effects of
an enden Bounty. As it would
be impossible for me to mention
ever) Particular, 0, ＋F know, noibung
could more 45 uftaste your Lord:
Ship's Modesty.
Tie, my Lord, the Obligations I
hae "confe ed, are so lnerally
true, that I hope I ma) ap- 7
ll peal even to your Lordship's own p
Breast; whether ] have not firift-.

4 ur a DI” Commands, in ab-
| 1 2 lain

X SH we SB SD a= S-

— Sees

DEDICATION.

aining son all oarbes 10
owe” & 7

There was 119 Rind for 4 an A..
dress of that kind, where I had so
firong and substantial Grounds. for
Admiration. All that I have yet
mentiond is entirely owing to a
Sense 1 ought always ro preserve
of such Dbbeavions: : Nor ought I
in Silence to pass over those Ap-

1 plauses , s, which fland on Record,;-

and usher m bis Majesty's mens |

The World, as well as Your,
Friends, my Lord, will now be
comined, that, however greatly
your Lordship 's Ancestors have deseri#/d
ether of the Crown or their
Country , Mobility of bo ran 15
oy" * f your Praises.”

Mi IC 4740

V5 are ar true an Heir 10 he
Virtues, as to the Dignities of yotir,
Family; and that by a firm and

unwabering Constanty and , Lea!

for the. Succession: in the most Se>
rene. House ef. Hannover, % 4
hearty and pious Love of Liberty
and Reli iam as by Law eftabhstyd,
by. an 0 Dess re- and Acliwity

i rhein Defence, your Lordship
5 has increasedand vue #he Za

of hour Line.
May His Ma e yy 45 JJ ak. as

5 great Disternment afpense his Promotions;
aud may your Lordship

long Tos and flourish under. _—

and greater Honours, to the Serdice
of your Country, „ the. Foy. of

your Offipring, and the Satisfattion
5 W e that stand en

EY - Merry * 4

Your Lor zip s

most Devoted,
most Obe

Fs * * WA * * * — 7 2 CY

. „ iS » © 3 *H = +

* * « 7 * i Pe”
4 * W iS & *, *

a « 4 * 3\\ a. 4 +4

bs „t RY 51

ent; and WAY

most Humble Servant,

k * W. 1 £ " * F ”

ff ef fa 49 % at s ff 4'f

Ea IT. ne TY

Dumas p —

o 4 700 King of Thebes.

Creow, Brother to the Queen.
E resias, the Prophet.
High-Priest of Jupiter.
Messenger, from Corinth,

A Theban Messenger.

Old 2 Pl

uche the

The two _ Da awd
5.8 55 Odi l r Tesla o

SCENE, before the Palace at Thebes,

OEDI

XFXITIiTXIIILE TX TL TT CT uy — cocunrxTyG
LE — BY * ac 2; T N / 2 C K : K \ [ 2 *

98 — dE CY 2 7 4

ACT. IL SCENE

orig ere. nn
mo ge prong ogra Iwo Co — rr —

SCENE represents an Altar before ibe Palace
The High-Priests of JupIirRR attended
by a Croud of THEBANS, Young and Old,
set ranged about the Altar. 8

OEp1evs enters to them from the Palace.

OE DIPUS. at 223
2 a ff 4
Fons of Thebes, Descendants of old Cad-

Why sit you thus? Why all this Pomp

of Sadness ?

ES These Boughs of Supplication in your

of Hands, Wy. 3
And Garlands on your Heads? while Thebes around
B 1 From

OE DIP US.
From ev'ry Quarter sends up Clouds of Incense ; Sy
And Pray'rs and Groans promiscuous fill the Air!
7 I would- not trust Report to learn your Wants; |
But see, your OZdjpus himself is com .
To meet your Wishes, and redress your Suff rings.
Speak, Rev'tend Father, (Age has taark'd thee out, 10
To this becoming Task,) why fit you thus?
Is there some instant Evil that you dread?
Or has the Hand of Fate already crush d you?
Ny Soul is f6nd bf Lasing all your Sorrows. of f-\
Host feta of Heart and flubbotn must I he. 13
If this Assembly did not strongly move mm.
High-Priest. O Royal OEdipus, Monarch of Thebes, -
Cast round your gracidus Eyes; see, what a Train |
Of blended Supplicafits croud to your Altars!
Here some, whom Infant Nature yet denies - 20
Motion or Strength; here others, halow'd Men
Whom Age bas robb'd of their once boasted Vigcurs
Mongst whom my self, the Priest of Fove, attend:
And here, a Band of Youths, the Flow'r of Thebes !
The Remnant of your People, <rown'd like us, 25
Sit in the Forums, at Miner vas Shrines,
And the Prophetick Altars of Apollo.
1 For, 28 as your self have seen, our lab ring City
Sinks in the Storm of Fate; nor can she be
| + "Raise her sick Head, and rise above the Waves. >
by inf Tze fruitful Products of her Earth are blasted; + +
lier grazing Flocks on the rank Herbage trop + =
And Mothers Weep to lee their O-ring Pei. !

ELIA » 2

5 King of Tx nes. 8 |
The Hand of pestilence, stretch d o'er our Heads,
Whirls round the fiery, all- consuming Sword 5; 35

And lays the suff ring Land of Cadmus waste

While riotous Hell grows rich in our Destruction?
Not therefore that we count thee more than Man,

Or, as t a God, do we approach thy Shrine; |
But as we judge thee well the first of . 1
In Visitations of the angry PowW'rs, |
To stand betwixt us and the Wrath of Heay' nz £43

For Thou already once hast rescued Theos, 8 |
From the Exactions of voracious 'Sphynx;
In which unaided and untaught by us, <6.

You gave the Proof of a concurring Gd.
And are esteem'd, and styl d our Great Redecmer !
Wherefore, O sacred OEdipus, we now . | x
> With Pray'rs and prostrate Bodies turn to Thee, :
5 To find out swift Releif, or from the Voice. 60
Of some declaring God, or humane Knowledge:
For 1 observe the dark Events of Time |
Live in the Breath, and Counsels of the Wise.
F Go on, thou Best of Men; heal our sick State; 1
Go on, and in our Cause consult. thy Fame a
The living Glory of thy former Acts,

WE * EY.

That have aloud proclaim'd Thee Thebes's Saviour,
How shall the Mem'ry of those Virtues 8 My. |
If, once restor'd, we after fall to Earth? 2 4 7
But, Oh! confirm; and plant us round with Safety; <6 -Þ
Thy Infant Reign was gay, and crown'd with Fortune:
Be still chy self, and shed diffusive Blessing ?:
he © | B 2 | If

4 DDP 85
If thou would it still be King, tis better far ,
o rule a Populous than empty State; SE 48;
CY do our Tow'rs, or Naval Walls import, 65
If employ d, and destitute of Men! |
OE4dip. O my afflicted Children, well I know,
No a Stranger to, your presling Anguisk;
I see you, All are hard beset by Fate:
But none of you, like Me, are bow'd with Sorrow. 70
For all your Griefs are centred in your King;
On Me alone the mighty Load is fall'n,
And for my self, and you, and all the State,
My Soul is wounded: Never have I lept,
When Thebes demanded I should wake for her; 75
But you are Witnesses how I have wept;
And rack d each painful Thought to give her Ease.
One only Hope of Rescue did 1 find, .
And that 1 put in Practice; to the Dome
Of Pythian Phaebus, Creon have J sent, | 80
Meneceus Son, my Kinsman, to enquire
What Measures must be ta'en to free this City.
Th' appointed Day for his Return is past;
And I'm in pain to know what Cause detains him.
But, when He comes, accuse Me, think Me vile, 8;
If T'perform not what-the God directs. |
H. Priest. In good time, hast thou _— for non.
the Vouths |
In Whispers tell me, Creon is at mn 3
OEdip. O dread Apollo“ May his coming r 1
;» _ rous to us, 8 his * are ckearful! 90

King of TARRES. 89

priest. We may conjecture well, else had He not
With Laurel Chaplets thus adorn d his Head. |
oEdip. Soon shall we know; for hence I may address:

O Royal Kinsman, Son of brave Meneceus,
What Tidings GER thou from th' oraculous God? 95

dated |
ACT I. SCENE II.

Cx80N, San Parse and rasse.

Crxeo. Good En. Calamities, aright dispos'd,
Turn their Complexion and become propitious.
Ofdip. What mean those Accents which,. SOS |

Fear,
Permit me not to hope ? 2— BY
Creo. mmm Would you, my Liege, _ 2

That here I should disclose the God's Command;
Or shun the Croud, and in the Palace hear it?
OEdip. To All proclaim it; Alt concerns the publick; .
And I have most at Heart the gen'ral Welfare. ;
Cres. Then thus the God directs; In Terms e?
EN "pics," 5 1 5
He bids us drive Pollution from the Land; - og
The Curse we cherish; and no longer strive
Win Ils that cannot otherwise be cur d.
oA. What is s the Curse ? «oc to 1 10 remov'd2 |

90 | | B 5 | i Cres

6 OD PDS,
Greo.' By Banishment or Death, to purge bis Crime ;
For Murthet wireveng'd pollutes the City. 10
OEuip. Whose Crime? Where is the Man these
Horrors threaten ?
Creo. My n before * as the Throne of
Thebes, |
Taius was King. .
Edit. — of his Fame, I've heard;
Tho' never I beheld his Royal Face. 5
Creo. The Murtherers of Him, tis plain, the God 115
Commands us now to punish.
O Ed.. ut where are they?
How shall we backward tread the Maze of Fate,
To ttace the Marks of antiquated Guilt?
Exeo. Apollo says, the Murth'rers lark in Thebes 3
Let us but beat their Bush, and out they bolt; 120
© Unsearch'd, they'll keep their Hold, and sleep in wk
OEdip, Did Taius in his Palace, or abroad,
Or in some distant Country, meet his Death ?
© Creo. He went from Home in quest of e *
For so twas said) but ne er return d to Thebes. 12 155
OEdip. Did there no Messenger come back alive,
None of his Train, who could report his End?
Exeo. All were destroy'd but One, who fled for Life; 5
And could but little vouch of what he saw. Pe on
OEdip. Each little Circumstance leads on to more, 130
When once our Hopes pursue the Tract of Truth.
Oreo. He said, the King by Robbers was encounter d,
And fell oppress'd by Nen

OEdip.

Ring is 2
OFdip. mon Did not Hire,

And promise of Reward, | the Dogs
Fo touch his Life?

Creo. lt was suspected so; |
But Laius dead, the Natter rested there. „
OEdip. When Royal Blood was shed, what Instant
Curse

Stept in to intercept enquiring Justice?
Creo. Just at that time, pernicious Sphynx began
Her riddling Malice; and our present Care 40 -

Ford us to quit the Thoughts of past Afflictions.

OE dip. But I will sift this Matter from the 3 2
Wel has the God begun, and well has Cros 3 3
Discharg'd his Duty, for an injur'd King.

1 will assist kis Vengeance, will confirm 145

Apollo's, Words, and rescue thee, O Thebes 44

Nor is the Office of a distant kind;

But for my self, IH drag their Guilt to Light.

The sacrilegious Hands that struck at Laius, |
At OEdipus may aim their second Blow: ? - $59
Thus aiding Him, I thall my self secure,

Therefore, my People, rise, your Suit is heard,
And throw your supplicating Boughs away 7 . |
Go, summon all my Fbebaus to the Court.

Nought shall be left untry'd in your Redress:- \ BJ;

I will pursue the Pictates of the Gd,
Wil once again ny or perish with you!

Ye! . . K be Ou «bd Creeks | 4

4 | ACT:

or DU
SARDAR SEARS SSSSESHAS4 6
ACTI. Sade MM.

Fd Riera IESTS and „ 1
H. Priest. Come, let us rise, my Sons, for this alone,
Your gracious King has promis'd, eame we here:
And may the God, whose Answer you have heard, 160

Prove our Preserver, and avert our Suff rings!
| (Exeunt ria with Thebans following.

ACT I. Scens IV. 4 r f

Enter the Chorus of Old Men of Thebes; | 8
CHORUS. 7

Thou mystick Child of Jove, how art thou come
I Terror, from the Pythian Dome /
Fear does my doubting Sp'rits controul, |
And Horrors chill my trembling Soul; 165
Great God of Pæans ! Thou that dost dispence HOW.
Aby universal healing Influence, |
Delian Monarch /, we adore
Thy saving Pour;
ut, oh / ——Whas untry d Vengeance ds theu fill; in(

2 5 e Daughter

King of Tu ERS. 9.

laughter of Hope, to thee we make our Pray'r 5 nns
L | got Oracle ! Do thou declare: e 5 L
/ Eternal Pallas, come ay; 1 Nan HP
Thou Goddess of the Lawns and Groves, advance. *
Whose Oval Dome does in our Forum fland, 176

Protectress of the Theban Tand?
5 And Thos, dread Phicebus, bring thy —_ od Lance 5
1 1 e Triple Guardians, in Array b * 1
> Diescend! Confess your 'heav'nly * N
©. As once you did sweet Mercy shew,,. 180 f
And suatch'd us from devouring Wor; N.
the same ador d Protectors prove?

For ev'ry Form of wild Distress: | „
Does the devoted Soil of Thebes n 3 «
Thro' all the Land a swift Contagion. flies, 283
That unprevailing Art defies ;. | |
The pois nous Taint hale Nature. overpow'rs,
Blasts all her Buds, her Grain, and Flow'rs..

And on the Stalk, the Fruit unripen'd dies!

Our Nymphs invoke LuCina's Aid in vain, 190 A
3 And of unknown. Pangs complain; $408

Our, Men in Numbers drop, they sudden die,

And hasten to the Realms of gloomy Night :

Swift, as the Lightning darts across the Sky, _ |

And thick, as Birds in Clusters wing their Flight !' 195:
Pale Death, in heaps, oer-spreads our Plain,
And ev'ry Street of Thebes prophanes :-

© Abortias- |

Abortive Infants an the Pavement. lis, PTE OE. RES LEV,
The agonizing. Mothers (,, (/
Scarce mourn their chere er ee they
dit. A ITT . nnd W. en 7
tr: Whilf — ae Allan 40% e lO Dine
To deprecate the common Woe; . |
Vr Pdicr of Sorrow, Praise, _ Proy' re.
Together mount, an fol the er 9
e eee ; ans SY
Phhrefore, chow dd, CHE " Ne 205
Aittend our Sf rings," uud tht Curse Ved,
That lays #> 1e: This God of Wir,
That kills without a Sword or Spear, -
Goddess ! thy sacred Aid dispence,
And chase the pestilennul Demon hence; rig A 10
Plunge him in Amplittiite's Oozy Bed, © $3.26
den or where the Vhgyed def Thrace
Eternal Tempests raise, ©
Force him to l Wr ignominious Bend ! L065
With refiless Rage his wvenomn'd Shifts "RY 215
Laden ohh Rams; wid if ver
£4 Th” unattfve* Nights in Mercy spare,
he rising Morn es mg Hotrors _ n Un
O FE Jove! Thy Bolts if Terror throw,
1 fierce est Lightnings, on Him spend; |
Ad thow, 0 Lycian King, prepare. thy. Bow,

And instant Rescue send.

Join

3 To Nocturnal Orgies drive;

King of TENS.
Join to thy side Diana's Pow'rs,
a Gees that ver Lycian Mountains feos Py
Who whirls her Dares that never fray,

Ane bears bent en Brash of f.

11 ruddy Bacchus, 1 invoke, around E

Whose Temples is a. Golden Fillet bound,
Who do'st thy Birth from Thebes derive::

And th' Ent husiastick Train

Approach with thy mee,
And the Demon scorch;

Se God, whom Men abhor and Gods aida *

End of the Fit ACT:

OW OEDIPUS,

tb tot bet ob obo ttt |
F SCID IDE '* :
OE p v u — C nous.
1 oEdip. VO v pray with Fervor. But, if you will

hear

The Coumel Ishall lend, you may perhaps

Obtain your Wishes and avert your Ills.

Tis true, I come a Stranger to. the Fact,

Its Time and Manner; yet I would not waste 5
Th' important Hour in unsuccessful Search,
Unless some Marks led on to the Discov'ry.

But now my self a Denizen of Thebes, b

Do thus pronounce to all my Fellow Thebans.
Whoe'er amongst you be a Witness, how _ 10
Taius, the Son of Labdacus, was lain; n |

I charge him to discoyer all he knows.

And lest he fear, that to confess his Guilt,

Re to incur the Rigour of the Law ; |
Behold, I bid him throw that Fear to Earth. is.
No further Sentence shall affect his Crime,

Than, quiet and unhurt, to quit the Land,

— Al“. 7 LO ui£ 2H .. — wt ww we team r Cas. es

1 Or if there be amongst you one that knows
„ Some foreign Hand in this black Deed concern'd;
1 Let him produce the Traytor, and receive 20.

E of Triwwns., 3

5 bs thro” Fear, or for your selves, or Piiendh,
A disobedient Silence bind your Tongues, |
Hear then what I pronounce !. Let none presume, 1
Where OEdipus bears Rule, the. horrid Wretch 28
To harbour or approach ; but let his Presence ' ;
Break off your Pray:rs, prevent your Sacrifice,

And your intended Expiations stop : |

With him, no Commerce hold; but from your Houses . >

All drive him out; for he's the Plague of Thebes, 30

And so the Delphian God, but now, has spoke him.
Thus then have I decreed, the God t' obey,

And a King's Blood t attone: But for the Man

Who, single or assisted, did the Deed; .

Let him drag out a weary Life accurst! _ ; ;
And may the fame dire Imprecation light, 3191S et
In all its full Extent, on me and mine; © a
If Tam conscious that the Murth'rer lurks x
Within these Walls. Now I agen conjure you,

Unite your- Counsels to detect the Villain,

For Me, and for the God, and this poor Land
Which Pestilence o'er-runs, and makes a Desart!

Nay, had Apollo not enjoyn'd the Task,

Yet when the best-of Men, a Monarch too, a ;
Was impiously destroy d; It was not just 45
To leave his Death unquestion d, unreveng d,

But search the Traytor out. It lyes on me;

Me, who succeed him in his Throne and Bed,
Enjoy his Consort ; and had Fate allow'd |

14 o Dr v 9
Him Issue, should have been their common Sire! 50
But since the niggard! Pow'rs deny d him Sons,
F will supply. the Want; 1 and in his Vengeance 7 |
Labour, as for my. Father, till I find 5
The Authors of his Death: And hear me Gods, * 0
Sive Sanction to my Wish ! Whoc'er opposes, 55
Or to his Pow'r assists not my Design, |
The gen ral Curse of Barrenness fall on him, |
And blast his Land and Bed! Our present Plague-
Shed its collected Venom on his Head;
Or, if there be a worse, be that his Porti on! Cs
But, to those loyal 'Thebans who approve
Fhe Course of my Revenge; Eternal Justice, |
And all the Pow'rs of Heav'n, be Ril propitious !
Chor, My gracious Lord, t evade th extenflye Curse
Which you have fix d on all, I must declare 65
I'm guiltless of the Fact, nor know its Authors;
But Phœbus, that enjoyn'd the dark Enquiry,
Should have inform d our Doubts. —
OEadip. Yet grant, he should ;
Gods are not to be forc'd, against their Wills.
Chor. 1 could perhaps a second Means propose. 70
oA ip. Spare not to tell whate er thy Thoughts suggest,
Chor. Next to th' Oraculous God, my Liege, *
Tiresias stands acquainted with the Fates;
From whom whoe'er enquires Mysterious Truth
Departs not uninform d.—
OEdip. om in this, my Friends, | 75
My Care has not been wanting; - Groom counsel; |

we ki? 3 And

That met kim on the } Road. 11

Ang vs Fa6r ke Tf
And twice have I the Prophet summon d n 10
Tis strange, he comes not yet. ., 7
chor. — — For. what. Report
In common vents, is wild and en 1
OEdip...'To what Report, dost Jn allude? n Heas
ven, 00
J win examine every rend of Fame.
Chor.. It has been said, he fell attack d by nen

EET. TY £2 © i

oEdip.. 1 heard; the fame 8
But none that law the Fact have yet aper d.

Chor. The Wretch that $ conscious to una of
Hearing the dreadful Talk you have denounc 4.
Will fly t. unload the Horrors of his Breast.
OEdip.. | Whom Guilt could never scare, w Fo will
nat t kricht! 5 |
bor. He comes, that c can © he the latent Trayios L,
Behold, they lead the sacred Prophet ON, A

Who only of Mankind knows hidden Truth.

"= \ T II. Se CEN? IH.”
OEbueus, cnonvs, and TixEsSIAS 24.

0.4. Divine Tire Fas ! whose all-searching Mind
Dives into Mystick F date s remotest Councils; |
Soars up ro Heay n, or pierces to the Centre. We 2

16 8 oravyrvusy

Who, tho thou see ft not with frail mortal Eye, 98

Yet with more perfe& and internal Lighit

View'st the Distress of thy di stemper d Thebes;

Of which from Thee alone she hopes a Cure. a
Por Phebus, if perchance thou hast not heard, wu
When late we to the Tripos sent, reply d, too
Our only Expectation of Redress, 5

Must be to find the Murtherers of Taius;

And found, with Death or Banishment to punish .
Therefore with-hold not Aid; but urge thy. Skill; ; =

Provoke thy chatt'ring Birds, and ev'ty Pow A 105

Of Divination rowze, to rescue Thebes,

Thy self, and me, from Guilt, Pollution, Blood!

On thee, our last Reserve of Hope i is fix d;
And glorious is the Task, 'when in our Pow'r, © |
Ts faccour the Distress'd, and raise from Ruine! 110
Tire. Alas! How burthensome i is Knowledge then,
When it is more expedient not to know i

Foreseeing, I have plung'd into the Snare;

And ought not to have come.

ck dip. What means this Sadness ??

Hast thou 2 Cause to grieve at coming here 7 "£15
Tire. Permit me to depart; be counsell'd, Sir;
We both shall better bear our wayward Fates.
OEdip. Justice and Gratitude forbid, _ Has,

By Silence to deprive your Native Soil

Of that Redress. your knowing Voice might give. 120

Tire. For I foreses your Words are out. of time; OY

And fear to fall into the like Offene: ;
Chor.

King f Tunes. ty

Chor. Now, by the Gods conceal not what you know:
Humbly we throw our Bodies at your Feet, a
And beg you to disclose the Fate of Thebes. 125

Tire. By Heav'n, you are not wise ; nor shall you urge me
To wound your Ears with Words of piercing Horror...

OEdip. What say'st thou: Dest thou know, and

wilt not speak; |
But art determin'd to betray the Land, -
And obstinately give us up to Ruine ? 130

Tire. Because I would not grieve thee, or my self,
Why is it rashly turn'd to my Reproach : ?

When, should I speak, thou would'st not lend an Ear.

OEdip. Thou stubborn, 2 old Wretch ww thou

wouldst move

A Stone to Wrath; ) wilt thou not yet ae 2 135

But, unconcern'd, persist in dumb Destruction?
Nire. Fis you persist to load me with Reproach;
To call Me Dumb and Stubborn; but are blind

To your own Weakness, and unjust Resentment!

OEdip. What Mortal can keep down his struggling
That hears thee trifle thus? that sees thee bent
On Ruine, and Dishonour to thy Country?
Tire. For Fate will work its way, tho” I am silent.
OEdip. You ought then to r der wie west be

Tire. I will no more reveal; tho' still thou rage 105
And | kindle up ofresb Disdain and Anger, Boys

18 o De Ds.

/ 3 wil,

van Saf . c a

JDaiterage?

Or is the Repetition meant t ensnare?

OEdip, Then Passion shall have room: I will no longer i v
Suppress my Thoughts; but know. —I hold thee, Traytor,
A foul Complotter of this horrid Deed; | C

Laden with all the Guilt, but of the Act; 150

And only free of that, by wanting Eyes ; ©

Could'ft thou have seen, thy self alone had done it!

Tire. O Righteous Imputation Hear me, King ; .
J tell thee, thou art fall n within the reach Ts v
Of thy own Imprecation; from this Day 1350

Twill be a Crime in Thebes, a Crime in me,

To change a Word with guilty OEdipus;
Who stands accurst, and is his Country's Bane...

11 QEdip.; Ha! Dar d. thou with audacious Terms to 7

brand

The Dignity of Kings? And can st thou hopes. . 16;Y \

Licentions as thou art, to scape unpunish'd ?

Tre. Vey * am arm d in Tha UNE Des
ger. keel

OEdbp, Wheacedichoulcar aieapancin Ou

Tis not thy Divination dictates this. 5 5 7
Tire. No; thou didst dictate to me; urge me on, 163
Against my Will, to speak th unwelcome Truth.
der aa. "What Truth? Pronounce again, instruct me
further.
The. Hast thou not ie 0 4 þ its dire Imports |

OE4. 1 have not understood; proceed t inform me. I
Ave. I said, chou wert che Murth'rer of the Man,

3 Whose

Aung of TEN * 19
nar Whose Murtherer thou seek t.. «of |
yo OꝝEdip. — — Thou, shalt not *
Of having twice infultca me, unpunish'd.
1590Y Tire. Nay then, to raise thy Anger higher, know —=
OEdip. Speak, what * Wees dares; It * have
83 Tire. Unknowing, cook ad/lt 2& abhorr d Polutions
With thy own Blood; art fall'n into the Snare | |
15 of winding Fate, nor seest the Cords that hold thee ! 3
OEdip. Think'st thou to triumph till in Insolence: 5 |
Tire. If there be Strength in mighty Truth, 1 do. 180
OEdip. Strength is in Truth, but Trutk is "pn
as ta Thou trebly blind, in Eyes, in Ears, and Soul!
Tire. Weak Man |t' upbraid me withabat wan 0fSiht,
Which ev'ry one.shall soon reproach in thee. 1
OEdip. Thy Darkness is) thy Guard; but ag thou
TS) 0: Fefe Ty ; 38g
Thou should'st not ** ade verngLigt:. I
Nor live to taunt"at me, or ought besides. |

Tire.” It is not in my Fate, to fall by ee
ꝓhœbus alone is Master of my Days.

OEdip. Vet tell me, do'st thou from thy seifdivulge 190
This canker'd Tale, or is it Creon's Fiction?

Tire. Lay not on Creon, what belongs to thee.”

OEdip. O Wealth! O Royalty! and thou great art
Of Wisdom, above Arts! ye specious Blessings, 28
That lift your Fa writes to superior Glory; 795
What Envy does pursue th' uneasy Rise ? Sas
vole | Thus from the Throne to which, by me unsought,

FR) OE DIPUS;
I by the gen'ral Suffrage was preferr'd,

Creon, my faithful, honest, prim'tive Friend,

Burns in his treach'rous Soul, to thrust me down: 209
Suborning this Magician's Hireling Voice,

This juggling, envious, Market-hunting Wizard ;
Who blind to Knowledge of pretended Art,

Gropes only after Gain; For tell me, Dotard,

In what art thou a Prophet? wherefore then, 20x
When rav'nous Sphynx propos d her fatal Riddles,

Did not thy Art redeem the lab'ring Land ?

Yet this was Divination's proper Task,

And not the Province of a vulgar Man;

But Augury was mute, your Gods perverse, 1 21

And Knowledge at astand l till I advanc'd, .

Plain OEdipus, unskill d in future Fate

And rude of Divination; yet inspir d

To rescue Thebes, I trusted to my self; 25%
Exented dl my Energy of Seu: 275

And, deaf ta Bieds prognofiicating a THY

Solv'd the dark Myst ry, and, preserv;d your Land:

Yet Me you would, dethrone;, big with. an Hope,

That thow shalt sit at Creoz's. Royal Elbow;

And be the. worthy Substitute of Pow'r ! SE 220 |

But thou, and the Complotter of thy Treason, !

Shall dearly, rue the sought. Preheminence;, |

And did not Pity plead for hoary Age. :

Thou should'st cer, this have felt the weight of Justice.

Chor. If we our humble Thoughts might inter-

Pos 1 8 | 225
a vo % 01 2% Rage

ved i

YU = wy; my

Hg of TE EEE
Rage seems on either side to fil your Breasts ;

And dictate to your irritated Tongues. |
It ought not to be thus. You rather bot
Should bend your Wisdoms to unravel Fate,

And'extricate the God's mysterious Meaning. 230
Tire. What tho' you awe the Crowd with 9
PowT, : |

have a right of Spock, as uncontroul'd,
And large, as any boasted Lord of Empire?!
1 serve not thee, but am Apollo's Priest, F520
Nor eier shall court the Patronage of rem. 235
But thou, that hast reproach'd my Want of Eyes,
Because thy Sight feasts on gay Nature's Objects,

Yet to thy self and Miseries art blind;

Not conscious where thou dwell'st, nor yet with hom: :
Know'st thou the Parents that begot thee, King? 240
And that thou liv'st a Cause of Execration
Both to thy Race, that draw the vital Air,

And those that howl below and rue thy Birth?

A Father's, and a Mother's hov'ring Curse

Surround, and soon shall chase thee from the Land: 245
Not glaring on the chearful Sun, as now;

But lost in Night, and curst, like me, with Darkness !

And then what Shores, what Vales, what new Citheron,

What Mountains ball! not echo to thy Groans!
When thau art taught the Horrors of thy Wedlock; 250
How thou art wreck'd on Love's forbidden Coast :
When all the Train of Mischiefs, yet unknown,
Confront thy startled Soul, and set to view

22. EDT U,
The Plagues that wait thee, and thy fatal Des,
Now rave, and dart thy frantick Accusations 235
Art me and Cen; but the Powers ne er form "of F
A Wretch more;hoxrid, more accurst than thou art.
OEdip. Gods» Must I bear all WS, ang: * be ps
Why does not swift Perdition one; |
And rid me gf the Garb- protected Railer? , 280
Get thee to Hell, pr any where from hence;
Back to thy hated House, and mutter there.
Fire. Hadst thou not n I n * sought for
ee e m b
OEd. Could I have rea, thou kad ingende
Poisons, |
Thou should st not here han fied denvioes Folly. 26;
Tire. Howe'er my Folly may appear to thee |
Thy Parents thought me wise.
OEdip. ———Who were they? speak;
I charge thee, stay, inform me whence I sprang,
Tire. This Day hall __ 8 Birth, and prove *
Bane. |
OEdip. How intricate wid dark are EI thy Words ! 270
Tire. Thou art the best Interpreter of Riddles!
0 OEdip. Am I reproach'd for what has been my Glory?

Tire. The Fate that rais'dthee, but prepar'd thy Ruin

OEdip. If, saving Thebes, I fall, then welcome Ruin !—
Tire. I will return. n me home wards,

OEdip. Tis wel ET? present, hou disturb'st ou
Work; Remov d,

———— — — — —— — os

King A Tur sts. 2
Remov'd, we shall again obtain Repose. 3

Tire. Fear not, III leave you, now I have reveal d
What I came here to speak ; without Regard,

Or Awe of Grandeur; fot thou can't not kill me. 280

In thee, I have produc'd the Wretch you sought,
With Menaces pursued and furious Edicts,
For Laius Death, and Thou alone art He:

A Foreigner, and Stranger falsely deem'd,

For strait thou shalt appear a Theban born, 285

And Native to the place; nor shalt thou tale N

A light Affliction, or enjoy Distress;

Then shall thy Beams of Sight Wed and dark; "4
Thy self, thrown from thy Pow'r and stript of Plenty,
Shalt on a Staff support thy guilty Age; 290
To foreign Lands bend thy devoted Steps;

And at each Door seek thy dependant Morsel!

For to thy Children thou at once shalt be

A Brother, and a Sire ! to-Her that bore thee b
An Husband, and a Son! and to thy Father 295
A Parricide, and foul Adulterer !

Go now, and mule on these predicted Horrors;
And, if thou find'st me, in a Tittle, false,

proclaim me void of Knowledge, and no Prophet.

[Exenunt OEdip. and Tiresias led, severally,

— eee P oy

2 , "Ve 2 r , **

eeeneeeeseauuge eee nauu uus.

* 4 8 Scexs. II. 5
n 0 en,

Where is the Wretch, whom from his dark Abode
The Delphian Prophet has arraign'd;
Whose horrid Hands and Soul are stain d
Mb a sacred Monarch's Blood.
Tis time, he mount his fiery Steed,
Or outfly the Whirlwind's Speed:
For, arm'd with. Lightning, the fierce God of Day,
Jove's'Son, pursues his hunted Prey, |
Vengeful Fates, and Curses sirong
Attend, and with the Godhead scour along ! ©
A firift njunction does Apollo send 310
From high Parnassus snowy Head,
And thro the Land the Charge is spread

Jo detect the latent Fienl.
whire be is Woods, or Mountains roves,

n . . SS. m —LLÜ——

Lurks in Dens, or Gloomy Groves : 315
And, like a Bull stray' d from the Pasture, Bounds;
N And traverses ths lonely Grouuds,
BY From th Orac lous Horrors fled

« Thich, shun'd, pursue ; and flutter round his Head !
III. Thi

King of TaeBes, |

The learned Augur, hill 4 in Fare,
Does a dreadful Scene relate;
Can we the guilty Tale receive?
May we the Prophet disbelieve ?
Hopes erect, and Doubts divide
Officions Fame did never yet declare
That any Wars were wag d,
Or intestine Discord! rag d. *
Twixt Labdacus's Son, an Corigth's Heir,
Where shall my anxzious' Faith repose,”
Ho the Hotrid Tale distlaim, 2
Haw rescue OEdipus from, Shame,” | Z
And Laius' "Marrh'r rers — World Laage: >

Immortal Jove, * 1. beet Son

Working Fate Jiseets alone: ©
But whether Prophets better len

Its dark Decrees, that vulgar Men,
My doubting Judgment cannot well decide.
Tho' in Wisdom some may pride,
And a superior Wit and Genius share,
Till fronger Proofs attest,

My wav ring Soul floats on th'uncertain Tide,

Shall I lend my cred lous Breast
To such as would the Royal Name impair ?
1 saw, when Sphynx attack'd the Land
Ho his Wisdom sav'd the State;
Eis Virtues one Ine er can rate

Him Ill, who did the Wreck of Thebes itt land.

S$v2.o% hn 4058.

End of Ry ACT.

King of THzBBs.

e ACT III. Scens I.

CA Be and 1
Creo. WTF E Men of Thebes, I heard the furious King
Y Had, in opprobrious Terms, with heavy
Crimes
Traduc'd my suff ring Virtue ; and I come
To shake the heinous Imputation off: |
If he suspects that I, in Word or Act, | 8
Have added to the Weight of his Distress; ;
I am no longer covetous of Life
O'erwhelm'd with Accusations. *'Tis a Charge
Brands my fair Name with Infamy and Horror, |
If Thebes, or you, my Friends, account me vile. 10:
Chor. Perhaps his Soul believes not the Reproach,
But hasty Passion struck out harsh Expressions. - |
Y Creo. Did he not say, that I suborn'd the Priest +
To falsify his Art, and blacken him? |
Chor. But yet perhaps he meant not what he said. 15
creo. Why? Did he not with stern and stedfast Eye
Confirm his labour'd Phrase, and urge my Falschood ?
Chor, A Prince's Thoughts are sacred to himself,
ind ought not to be scan'd: But He appears.
G 2 ACT

28 OE DIP US,

Tis plain, thou wert the Murtherer of Laizs

SSORDRSSSESSORENNSSSSHOMHNESOS

nd ACT III. Scixz II.

OE DI 7 0 on En E O _ 44 Cnenbs.

OEdip. Ha! Traytor, art thou here! ? Has pow 'rful
Guilt 20
So braz'd thy Conscience that thou dar'st approach
My injur'd Roof, and triumph in Dishonour i

And subtly hast conspir'd t'usurp my Throne.
Now, in the Name of all the righteous Gods, 25
When thou didit set on foot this rash Design, |

Did OEdipus appear a Fool or' Coward,

To countenance thy Fraud? Or could'ft' thou think
I should not trace thy Treasons, or repel them?
Dost thou not blush to own the mad Attempt Il
Of grasping at a Crown, without the Aid BA
Of Friends or Armies to espouse Rebellion?
The Nerves of Pow' r, and Spurs to Usurpation! *
Creo. Are you a Man, whom Reason ought to ay
Let me be heard, my Lord, and then be censur'd. 3;
OEdip. I know your Rhet'rick's good, but I am ill
At list ning to the dawb'd Defence of Him
Who {till has bore me hard, and scorn'd my P6w'r.
Creo. But lend me for a while your patient Kar.
OKAip. But strive not then o "_— 5 your. Tres.
sons. FIS9C7R 354

DOES 9% 93 790 40
f * SOS Cres,

Creo. To think that stubborn v6 arg 8 8904+; 5
In any Cause, by Reason unmaintain'd,

Argues a Mind distemper'd-and a e 1
o. To think thou may st betray * Trust ane?
Friend,

And 'scape the Fury of his just eee rn 115

Argues a Mind more sickly and unsound.

Creo. L grant the Maxim; but wherein, my Lord,

Have I deserv'd your Hate? *
OEdip. —— Did chon persuade me,

Or didst thou not, that it was fit I sent | |
To. that old, doting, venerable Wizard ? 0

Creeo. I, did; and Rtill, persist that it was fit.

T ©Eaip. How bers ayes compute it t since ĩhat Lei
aj; Orten Did what? ere ber you not.

— W as Kain ? -
Creo. 55 Race of cireling Yeats have interven'd: ,

- ©Edip./ Did then the Prophet.exercise this/Art * py
Cao. Ev'n then, as wise and as rever'd as now. 2
OEdip. Didi he in former tunes cer mention mea

Creo. Never that Thave heard. 2 41
OEdip. —— But yet you. did... A
Enquire, and search to find th Assassins out? £
Creo. Enquire we did, but never. could Pe **

Okdip. Why did not then his W „dom trace the
Authors? 1 -

Creo. I know not; Silence e best becomes? me.

OEdip. But what concerns yourself, you can but know; j

And if you would oblige me, might confess.
bak 4 Crea.

W * i \

* „ e ee

30 OEDIPUS,

Creo. of what? I'll not deny the thing I know. 65

OEdip. That if Tirefias had not join'd with you
In envious Counsel, and complotted Slander,
He had not tax'd me with the Blood of Laizs !
Creo. You best can tell, if he have own'd as much:
But now let me have room to question you. 70
OEdjp. Go on; you cannot make me an Assassin.
Creo, Is not my Sister Partner of * _
OEdip. Tis Loma __ yo
Creo. mw — And with der, in equal Sway,

You rule the Land of Ter ?
© OEdI. oo — So large her Pow'r,

She.need but wish, and in that Wish command. 75
Crev. And I, with both, enjoy the Thirds of Pow't ?

1 5 r Ay, there thy fpecious Friendship — _

fest,
And Treach'ry, Wy abhorr d Ambition blaze!

Cra. Not so, if you with Reason weigh the point;

Knock at your Breast, and ask your conscious Heart,

If-it would chuse a Crown 'possess'd with Fear,

Rather than hold the same degree of Pow „

Aud sleep in Ease and unmolested Safety.

My Soul feels not so wild a Lust of Rule,

As to prefer the empty Name of King 8);
To truly Regal Sway. No modest Spirit 3
But must prefer the blissful downy State.

So now from thee 1 all the Sweets enjoy,
Preheminence could yield: Nay, if I reign'd,
Perhaps the strict necessity of Pow'r 90
10 1 Might

— FI. | IM — 1 1 " "oo 3 * Wwe oC 2 8

Might drive me on some Ads I most abhorr'd. |
How then can Royalty have greater Charms |
Than equal Rule, without the Thorns of Empire ? ö
bear not so deprav'd an Appetite,

As not to prize the Good, which bears its Gain. 95

0 Now Dignity and Pleasure slow around me,
All court th Advantage of my exalted State * ;
And making me their Advocate to you, | S
Thro' my Address hang on the Royal Ear, :

And have their Wishes crown'd! Shou'd I then quit 100

These real Blessings for a painful Gewgaw ? ;

Who hunts a false Ambition is not wise :

5 For me, I never hearken'd to its Lure, ' 2

Nor would assist the Man that would pursue it. 4

It farther you require to be convinc'd 105

From Delphi be resoly'd; ask of the Gd. :

If 1 aright his Oracle reported: | v3 | N

And if you find I have complotted ___ ul :

Against you with Niresias, let me fal. 8 |

Not by your Suffrage only, but my own, — 119

But for a light ungrounded Jealousy, - "1
Hold me not disaffected to your Throne. 10

It is not just to censure Men at random,

5 And of their Faults or Virtues rashly judge:
For lightly to displace a worthy Friend, 115
Is *gainst our selves to turn the murth'ring Sword.
And dispossess our Souls. Time must determine, |
Time only can the virtuous Man declare ;

0 But a short Day unmasks the shallow Villain | :
ht AN „ Chor.

oB ns

Chor:. Well has he spoke; O sacred Sir, We
Rash Errors: For. unsafe is sudden Wisdom.
Okdip. If sudden Snares are laid to catch 9 Life,
J must as swiftly guard against the Danger : |
For if Prevention sleep, the active Train
Will work its Ends, and frulkgts my Revenge. "Xe
Creo. Post thou attempt to chase me from the Land?
OEdip. No; for Iwould not have thee scape, but dye,
Creo. When you can shew that I deserve my Death.
5 OEdip. Still art thou insolent, perverse and stubborn?
Creo. Because I see thee take 3 Counsels.
„ | | 139

OE dip. ee neee for _ self.

Creo..l!A— eee commands
Thou should'st as equally: consult for me.

OEdip. But thou hast been a Traytor. |

Creo. 1 — How if you |

In jealous Thought have only coin'd me such ?

OEdip. Still Ie a Manarch's. nw to rule thy
82741 Fate. VO Tit 2 1135

Creo. No lawless Rishi o'er me, aPrinee, axthou art,

OEdip. Thebes ! Thebes ! |

Creo. — likewise have a "I in Thebes.

Chor. Be calm, my Princes; See, in happy t time
Royal Jocasta from the Palace comes; NA
Whose Presence must allay this hot Debate. 143

bk * - + wit :

King of TREBES. 8

5 PUN ANN 9 W/A IV

Nu MNT
x 28 NI __ n 8 * A ue bun

NN OEvrivs; erbe, and! Cowes” ge
Joc. Ye wretched Men; wherefore is all this Rage?

x = ALE

Why is Dissension kindled ines 002
Do you not blush, when all the Land is sick, 1
Fo quarrel, and f indulge a private Grief? 195”

Retire, my Lord ; and; Creon, quit the place; 4 0

Let us not aggravate A light” Distress, 14 907 10 oh
And swell it to a Storm. 1 i \ 855 on.
Creo. — - Sister, the King „ 2

Is pleas d t inforce me to a rigid Choice ; e 5

Or to forsake the Land, or staying Die.
OEdip. I urge it: | Jorasta, 1 have found him 90
Practise against my Life, my" Fame, and Honbur.

Cre. Let me not prosper, Gods I but fall accurst,

If e er I had a Thought of what you tax me !- 1
Joc. O by the heav 'nly Pow rs, my Lord, believe him;
Let the great Gods he has invok d, and me. 1 f
And these our Friends be Vouchers of his Prath:**
Chir. My Liege, let us intreat you to be can.

GEdip. What ! Would st thou have me fervilely gabe

Chor. Regard the Man whom Folly never yet

Seduc'd to rash Misdeeds; and who, but now, 160
Has call'd the Gods to witness to his Faith.

Rae 4.8 Dost know what thou would'st have?

TG. — : J do, my Lord.
C 5, | OEdip.

| 34 OE D {iP £94 Sz"
OEarp. What ist?

Char. Not with Dishonour to discard

A trusty Friepd, upon a light Suspicion. 20

OEdip. Be certain, what thou urgest pives me 15 165

To instant Death, or Banishment from Theber.
bor. No, by the sacred and all- seeing Sun:

So let me be forsaken by all Friends,

And hated by the unassisting Gods;

Feel all the dire Extremes of sharp Affliction, 170

If.t- would urge it on a Thought like that.
But oh! the Sorrows of the suff ring. Land
Sit heavy on my Soul: and in your Discord

The Wounds of Thebes are rent, and bleed afresh.

OEdip. Do what you will: if OEdipus must fall, 25

Or in Dishonour be expell d the Land; 3
Yielding:to you, I run the delprate Hazard:

For Him, where -e er he goes, my Hate pursues. |

Creo, Rigid Compliance | Where would end this Hate,

Wert thou to give a loose to frantick Passion ? 180

Nature, like thine, is to it self a Burthen. |
OEdip. Wilt thou not then depart and give me Peace?
reo. 1805 and from this Moment I renounce |
All Tyes of Blood, Faith, or Allegiance to thee:

my e. wall ill be Cron. 53

[Exir —

King of TuzBrs. 37

Nee eee eee

ACT III. Scene W. 4

OR Jocasrh, and Cuon us.

Chor. My royal Mistress, will you not persuade
Your troubled Lord to seek Repose within ? |
Foc, Yes, when I have enquir'd his Cause of Anguish.
Chor. IIl- grounded Rumors kindled up Unkindness,
And causeless Accusations vex d their Souls. 190
Joc. Did mutual Provocations feed Difsenfion ?
Chor. Too much, I fear.
Joc. — What Terms RP PEA rose?
Chor. O, let the private Perturbation cease,
The Griefs of Thebes will take up all our Souls. *
OEdip. Take heed, old Man, how thou disturb st my
Mind 195
Nor with Negleck look on thy King's Afficions
Chor. How have my Words giv'n way to a Diltrust 2
Have I not labour'd to disclose my Breast ? |
O! I must bid adieu to Sense and Reason,
When I the Royal OEdipus neglet. | 808
Thou, when poor Thebes lay gasping, half destroy d,
Didst from the Gripe of Ruin snatch her back, «x ö;
And raise her up to Life: So would'st thou now,
If it might he, restore the fainting State.
Joc. Let me conjure you by the Gods, my Lord, nod!
Disclose the fatal Cause of your Resentments.
W TH tell thee (for in Thee my Cares are centred).
Eq What

36 O DP US,

What Treasons Creon had devis'd against me.

Joe. Ay, tell. me, if you know that he was. vile. |
OEdip. He says, Iam the Murtherer of Lains. 210
Joc. Spoke it he from Himself,” or as he heard?
OEdip. He had suborn'd the Prophet to the Lye;

And practises on ev ry Tongue in Thebes

To spread the same detested Defamation. . ,
Joc. Think on't no more, my Lord, but lit to me, 215

And learn a Truth, of which J thall produce +

A noted Instance, that no Mortal Pow'r

Can certainly devine 'of things to come.
Laius had once an Oracle (but whether .
Glv'n by the God, ar by bis Priests, I know w not 220
That from a Son to spring from him and me,

Twas in the Fates that he should meet his 3
Yet him, as Fame reported, Robbers flew C- |
Whiere three Ways met. The dreaded Son, when born,
Ber the third Night descended on his Cradle; 223
Was, with a a Cord bor d thro” his Infant „
Giv'n out to be expos' d on same bieak Mountain.

Thus were Apollo s Menaces o erthrown ; 7 £

SS Swan WINES NN=nSsS ES JAMA Ai+ $1 A

The guilty Infant could: not bye to Kill. N
His Sire, :0r Tajws dread the,threatned Fate. 2030
Yet Oracles had firmly doom'd his Murther: 2110 11
Therefore, my Lord, mind not their dle fenen.

What Heav'n has in his Wisdom said, Shall be,
Hiro performing Hand with Ease fullfils.
OEdip. Fatal Fordsta! 10, ih Werds have mid 235

8 1 3 shattes'd all my. Soul. . .

Kingof Turns =

Joc, What new Commotion heaves thy troubled Breast ?
OEdip. Methoughts I heard as say, Laius was slain

Where three Ways met.- en CLEA
30. —ĩr (VBus — For 0 Report was current;
And holds the same. 80 e
OEdip. - But say, e lyes the place, 240

In which this most accursed Act was done?
Joc. In Phocis, where the triple-cleaving. Roads —
Unite from thenee, from, Delphi, and from Daulia,, A

OEdip. How long is t since 338 |

Joc. — — The Tidings, came to Thebes, ; ;
But just e'er you arriv d and say; d' the State. 245

OEdip. Immortal Gods! what do your Pow' rs intend ?
Joe. But whyt these. Starts, and sudden Thought, my |

Lord? FREE *
OEdip. Enquire not yet, but tell me ot this Laing;

What was his Mien, his Stature, and his Age 1

Joc. Big made; and Time had * 0 er- noy d his

Head; WT Xe E
In Features not unlike. my 8 Ae mary”

OEdip. Wretch that I am! How ignorantly rath,
Hare 1 denounc' da Curse upon my self! _

Foc. "Or fright me not, my Lord; Jour Looks i are,
WW wild. 8 N 13: 40 2

OEdip. Alas f 1 fear the Prophet bels too Much 255
But one thing yet remains to clear my Doubs.

Joc. I tremble,” yet will answer what 1 know.

o. Did he go forth in private, chinly follow d:
Or Hxe bimfelf, mercled With-a Guard? A "ag (nc tf,

9 1112 1 2 5 ' GJ F — 31 ist 14014 _ 13 e927 ks Yor,

Joc. They were in all but Five, his Herald One; 26⁰
And Lais fingly in his Chariot rode. r
OEdip. O murth' ring Demonstrations! one thing more;
no brought che News. ef hisDifafter back ?
Joe. One of his Foll' wers, who efcap' 4 'uohurt.
Ep. And does be Rl attend our Court and Seree.
Shoes 265
Joe. No; But returning with the fatal Ne ems,
And seeing you fix d on his Master's Throne,
He took me by the Hand, and humbly beg d
I would dismiss Him to some Rural Office;
That he but rarely might be seen in Thebes. 270
I granted his Request; for that and more |
Was due to his Deserts and faithful Service.
OEdip. Give Orders that he do attend us strait.
Joc. He shall be sent for; but for what, my Lord?

OEdip. Im haunted with bad Fears, Things have been
said 25
Disturb me, and 1 "ast be satisfied.

Joc. Well, he shall come; But may I not have ave

To ask what Cares torment your anxious Mind?

OEdip. Since you have giv'n Assurance to my Hopes,

I will disclose my Pain; for oh! Focasla, _ 280

Where can I rest my Sorrows but on thee?

Know, Polybus of Corinth was my Sire ;

My Mother Merope, of Dorian Extract:

Il at their Court in high account was held ©
As Son, and eldest Subject: till it happen d, 285

© (A Chance, that ministred to my ——
Because

MG CDC uGcGW VL na HT Mm Um HS A ee »% me, 2 to

O mw = &©

King of THABABR.
Because my Bearing gave no Scope to Slander;)
That, at a Banquet, one, o'er-wrought with Wine,
In the blunt rudeness af hi Cups reproach' d me,
And said, 1 was not Native ene ee e ©: "296
But only an adapted Heir of Cn 12702
The matter gall'd me much; and al che Kight /
I struggled hard to keep Difquiet .down'::
Till the next Morn, I to my royal Parents
Disclos'd the thing that chas d ane; They nefented 95
The fland'rous Words, and rated the bold Dratikard.
Now, tho“ their xind Indulgence pleas d me much 1
Yet the Surmise sunk deep into my Breast,
And fester'd all within; therefore unknown — _—
To them, I journey'd' to the Pynbian Dome 30
To case my doubting Heart; but the harsh:God,

Dumb and regardless to the thing I sought,

Denounc'd a Series of undreaded Horrors:

That I was doom'd with Incest to pollute |

My Mother's Bed, and'thence produce a Race 3og

Should startle Nature: Next, t'increase my Guilt,

I with my Father's Blood should stain my Soul.

With the fierce Threats alarm'd, I from that Hour

Made from the Stars that pointed my known Courts

To the Corinthian Land; and fled t avoid gyro

The black Accomplishment of such Predictions.

But, flying, I approach'd that place of Guilt,

In which, you said, your King and Husband fell.

There, O Jocasta, I must tell thee all,

Scarce enter d I the triple-wending Road,

E'er Jan Herald met; and close behind © |
A Man, most like to him thou hast describ'd,
Drawn in a Chariot: When, th'officious Hind |
That rode before the Carr, and/next his Matter,
Strove forcibly to rob me of the Path. 32120
Stung with th Affront, I truck: the forward "a
And keeping onward, the inrag'd old Man '
Twice on my Head lasn d with his, rowel' _ |
Not so my unper forming Passion dally d, :
But, with: my Staff, dealing a furious Blow 3
I feld him headlong: from! bis Seat Bache
And then upon his Folb wers wwreak d wp Vengence,
Now if the dire Resemblance of the Fat
Determine this for Taius, does there live . Stabil!
On Fartha Wertch mere hated amongst Men? 330
Or more th. Ahomination of the Gods?
For neither : Foreigners, nor Tehans born
Must in their hospitable Domes receive me:
Or greet me with a Word of soft Smart 3
But thrust from ev'ry Roof, I must endure 335
The Burthen of that Curse my self ane BY
Then have: I with Pollution wrong' d the Bed
Of him E:flew ? O the redoublæd Horror!!!
Am J not all ont Stain 2 En if I ffn
It must be still, in Bànishment, from home; 340
No, never. must I that lov'd Soil revisit, N
Lest my fell Hands should: do the destin ht |
On Polybus, my! Father! Lest Irn

Wuh riotous Heat upon cis widaw:d Queep,... 12 2

And whore my Mother! Who that dares to censure, 345
But must on Fate, and on th' unequal Gods,
say all the Guilt, and OEdipus acquit?
Let me not, O ye sacred Pow'rs of Heav' n!
20 Let me not see the Day, but rather perish,
Be snatch'd from Earth, than live to be o'erwhelm'd 3 50
With Shame and unsupportable Pollution! |
Chor. My Lord, we feel the Burthen of your Feats
But till they're better grounded, hope the best.
25 OEdip. Alas! my Friends, all my reserves of Hoye
Are fix'd on what this Herdsman shall report. 355
2 Joc. What have you puppy TOE comes, my
Lord?
OEdIp. 1 III tell thee, Love; if he but hold the Tale
zo heard from thee, then all my Cares are hush'd.
Joc. What pleasing Circumstance did I produce i
OEdip, Thou said'st, that he. reported Lass fell 360

By Robbers ; if he Rill assert + Number © ©

Concern'd in the Assault, then Jam safe. _—
(For One, and Many, makes a wide“ Diftinion 9
But if a single Hand destroy'd' the King, 1 8
My Guilt is manifest, and Ruin follows! 8 365

Joc. Be certain his Relation answer'd mine: ,

Nor will he dare retract from a Report .
40 Which hot ! only, but al Thebes have heard. : OR
but should he deviate from its first Contents.

Yet Laius Death, my Lord, will still be wide 370
From what the God foretold, that he should perish
Beneath a Son of mine: For that poor Infant,

Fee.

42 OZDIPUS,

To disappoint Prediction, was destroy'd.
Wherefore, for what the Oracles have menac'd,

Lose not a Thought in search of Certainty. 975
OFajp.. Right, my Jocasta; yet forget not, Love,

But send and summon this same Fellow hither.

Joc. With all Dispatch, but, good my Lord, retire;
Jocasta will not put a Thought in Act, With
That is not n to her OEd ss. 380 ¶Lhe

ACT he — HS V.

ST nd {1611 f OWL:
© may it ever be my Fate, |
Justly those sacred Truths to rate; . F
And those blest Laws that have their Rise Or

From Wisdom, lodg'd above the Skies. 25
Those, which th Olympian King alone „5
Dittates from his eternal Throne, ED,
(Unlike to those weak Mortals frame,)
Live unabolish'd, still the same !

Sprung from the God, replete with heav'nly Fire,

They basste T, ime, and keep their Strength entire,” 3090
The Tyrant, and illegal Man |
From Pride, and rash Contempt. began; ©

Pride and Contempt that lift him high
O'er Mountains of Impiety ;
Till plac'd aloft he duxled grows,
And in his Fear his Hold foregoes.
O! may the City's Cares succeed,
Nor envying Fates their Search mislead.

With ardent humble Pray'rs the Gods Il move;

e Gods shall still my kind Protec tors prove.

But whoe'er in Word or Deed
Does from the sacred Laws recede,
No divine Resentments fearing,
Nor the hallow'd Shrines N 3
If licentions Ease beguile bim,
If dishonest Gains defile him,
If he pursues corrupting Pleasure,
Or grasps at unpermitted T; Treasure,

Some rigid Dosm his Guile „ evtahi - Fats

5 Else who hereafter ttt prod *
The Sallies uf hir impious S, *
If no avenging — fre

The Triumphs of the difsolute, + 5
Tis time %) infixufliut Choirs 1. mute.

Let mistaking Zeal no more
The Truth of Oracles adore ;

2 e GA. „ 5 — EP. Pa wg ey awe 2 — 2
— ** — ar Ws _ G
di * — o pt —_— 2

—— — er an

44 OED IPU'S,

No more to th Lycian Temples press "gs >

Or th Olympian God addresi mg,
If Apollo do not right bim

On the impious Doubts, that" flight hin : N

But thou, Eternal Jove | that bearest *
Rule universal; if thou hearest
The dire Negleft, avenge thy Son.
For all th Oraclous Truths of old,
That were to wretched Laius told,
Have lost their Credit and Renown,

Apollo's Honours sink apace,
And all the Deity es Hate 4

1 „ e . * 90 L . 4
4 LES EE HEL Z* W4

C ID 4 a 8 4

> * r * © #, + % 43 — \ "P” , ou
TY I \ bs * iy, KID ISAT SIS 4. \ 4
End 0 d | PP
% , #- a | 4 60 ; g
a , q - © "ip —
pl p a
Nee 5 1 . I * 1 d
— ka * * S b

ACT Tv. 3 : 38

Jocasra and CHonvs. £
mind 5
ith Incense, and these Chaplets to attone, |

and supplicate the blest Celestial Pow'rs. .
For OEdipus, opprest with many Cares,

Distracts his anxious Soul: nor, like a Man _ 5 5 5

Furnish'd with Wisdom and superior Realon, 15
Collects, or rates the present by the vat;
But hangs on ey Ty ghastly Tale of Horror.
Nor has Admonishment reliev d his Mind;

But Pray rs and friendly Comforts been rej Jected. + ro |

Therefore to thee, 0 Lycian King, „

To thee, thou next Redress!'T humbly bend,
And beg a Deprecation of his Sorrows.

For all the State fickens in his Distress,

And like a Ship, rob d of ber Pilot, mourns. 1 15

12 \ { E Rey' rend Heads of Thebes. LA have e deter,

The Palace of the royal ©Edipus #

46 OE DIPUS,

Acr W. 8. II.

2 * *Joras ra A en and. Crorrs;
ore Can you instruct a Stranger, Sirs, to find

Or rather, where himself is to be found?
Chor. Within this regal Dome the King resides,
Arid thither is retir'd: But this fair Dame 20

Is call'd his Wife, and Mother of his Children. N
Aess. Blessings upon her! and surrounding Joys
Still glad the dwelling of his Royal Consort ! >
Foc. The like. Prosperities return on thee, .
The just Reward of thy fair omen'd Speech! 25 Fo
But say, what Cause of Moment brought thee hither? Fo
Mess. Joy to this House: and its Imperial Lord: |
Joc. What Joy dost thou infer, and whence descending? 15
Aess. From Corinth, Lady; but, in brief, I bring Thy
Pleasures corrected by a gentle Sorrow. ke
Joc. What are they? Speak, inform my goubting Mind.
Me.. The Ifthmos (as I heard on my Departure) 8
Design t elect your OEdipus their King. | hr
Joc. Does not old Polybus still govern there? _
Mess. The good old King rests in his peaceful Tomb. 35 0;
Joc. What say'st thou, Stranger? Is the Monarch dead? I J
Mess. If I deceive you take my forfeit Life. A
Joe, Fly, Gift as Thought 1 Inform my royal 9

Lord [To her Attendant.
I have

King of THEBESs.

have a Secret will revive his Soul.
), where are all th Oraculous Terrors naw,, 40

and where the Faith we owe them? Scar'd by Vrifles,
My Lord, in Exile, left his native Land. |
avoid the Guilt of murth'ring. Polybus :

Who ill is dead, tho' OEdipus was absent.

m hehe why heh er ehrebs
ATT" IV. SCENE nr.” .- | 2

OEprpus, 13 MESSENGER, and Conn 115
OEdip. Dearest Jocasia O my Heart's sweet. Plea»
sure ! | 45
Why hast thou call — forth, to 3 intent? 2 |
Joc. To listen to this Man, and from his Words
Iro learn th Importance of Qrac'lous Bugbears. |
OEdip. Who is the Stranger 2 And what pes
bears he? |
Joc, He comes from FAB bent to let thee know 50
Thy Father Polybus no longer lives. ;
OEdip. What say chou Ha! n 1 Mesige *
Friend. 2
Mess. If Confirmation on my Words depends, 3
Be satissied, my Lord, He is no more. |
OEdip. Fell he beneath some Traytor's guileful Hand, 55
or yielded to the Rage of harsh Distempers?
ef Death need but lay his leaden Mace on Age,
And Slumbers follow |
—— — Then he dy d of Sickness?

Mess. Gently decaying; and born down with Years,
Okdip. O ye great Gods! _ should the World,
Jocasta, 1 3 C OM 60
Run madding after Prophecies we" Fate,
From whisp' ring Altars, or from cackling Birds;
When these -vain Babblers, giving Fear th Alarm.

Presag'd that I was doom' d to kill my Father?
Aud yet he dy'd, and T have still been here; (.
FE Distant from him, and guiltless-of his Fate: |
Unless the Sorrow of his absent Son

Haften'd his End; for so he dy'd by Me!
So, Polybus is slain! and with him dye
Th'important and accomplish'd Oracles ! £20 oh
Joc. Was T1 not then a Prophet? 5—

OEfdip. ee Oh! thou wert;
But Fears and Prepossessions sway d my Soul.

Joc; Shake off th'uncasie Guests for ever now.
OEdip. Must I not dread th Embraces of a Mother?
| 28 Joe. What has the Man to fear whom Fate o' er- rules?)
1 When Foresight cannot aid, but oft deceives ,
Tis best to live as thoughtless as we may.

You must not labour with imagin'd Incest :

Men oft have in their Sleep enjoy'd their Mothers;
Vet shaking off the guilty Dream with Night, 80
Laugh'd at the Coinage of fantastick Slumbers.
OEdip. I. might We al n. if 120 who
bore me | 1116 ä
Were not in being ; but as yet RF tes,”
Tho thou wert all Persuasion, I must fear.

Ling of THEBES. 49
Jon Your Father's Death pleads strongly Bainst your
Fears. 85
OEdip. But Mother 8 Life awakens new D istrust!
Mess. Who is this Object of your Fears, my Lord?
OEdip. Why, Merope, old Man; late the _—_ Wife
Of Polybus — |
Mes.. But whence these Fears of her?
OEdip. Becausethe God has threatned ugly Horrors. 90
Mess. May I enquire th Import of his Predictions?
OEdip. Thou may'st. The scaring Oracle foretold
That I was doom'd to spill my Father's Blood,
And with incestuous Arms embrace my Mother :
For this I have estrang'd my self so long 8
From fatal Corinth: Happily, I hope; Te

Tho' sweet it be to dwell beneath the Smiles,

And taste the Comforts of paternal Fondness.
Mess. Was this the Cause of your Retreat from Coriath 2
OEdip. T'avoid the Guilt of Parricide, my Friend. 100
Mess. What if my coming set you free, my Lord,
And dispossess these Peace-disturbing Cares?
OEdip. Thus shall the Arms of Gratitude be stretch'd
To clasp thee to mY Bosom. — _ |
Mess. » — Sure I came
T'invite you to a glad return to Corinth. 1058
OEdip. Oh! never, whilst I have a Parent there.
Mess. My Lord, your jealousFears o erbear your Reason.
OkEdip. In what? For Heav'ns $ sweet fake A "up
Errors.
Mefss. If you on these accounts dedine our Land.
D OE dip.

—— etna,

FO | co D 1P. US,
ORdip. I tremble lest che God fulfil his Threats. 110

Mess. Lest you commit an Outrage on your Parents! >
QEdip. Ay, that, old Man, hirn me constant

Anguish.

5 Mes. But are not your Suspicions light andgroundles?
OEdip, How, if I am their Son? — _ ;
Mess. nm — — — — But. Polybus 5

Was dot i in Blood akin, to you, my Lord N15

OK. What say'ft thou, Man? "Why; * he not
beget mes? WT
Mess, No more can I did. 5
Op. — — Em Could he be "_ Father,
And not beget mes x
AMET — ——— Sir, inde he did. not.
OEdip. Why did he then vouchsafe to call me Son?
Mess. He, as a Gift, reeeiv'd you from these Hands. 1 20

ld And 10rd me, raul received from other's

Hands? |
Aefs. His Fondness from his want atof Children follow „
OEdip. And was I: bought, a Present for your King?
Or from your Children cull'd to this Promotion?
Ae ss. J found you in Cithærouis woody: Vales. 125
O Edip. What Cause had led y ou- to- chat lonely Place?
Mess. I there presided o'er the Mountain Herds. |
OoEdip. Didst thou frequent ĩt as an Hireling Shepherd?
Mess.' Blest was my Service that I-refcu'd you!

op. From what Misfortune? What oppressing :

Danger? 130
Mess. PHO Feet bear Witness to thy Suk⸗ :
f rings. G OW |

King of Wi wmzs: F
-©84;p.-O ! you have to my tortur d Soul a
Tue Men ry of that antiquated Sorrow!
Ale. I loos d you from the painfub fesf ning Cotds. |
OEdip.: O dire * ern 11 suffer
! | i 15] vi,:9Kd
Aron vas: en fragingss d.
- \DEdip. Say, did my Sire or Mother use me thus?
AMess. I know not; he, who brought you, best can tell.
OEdip. Did you receive ne * O Hands,
Or found yon me your self 2. F 9)

Mess. = — — - My: Lord, 1did 1 not; 140
Another. Herddman to my Care bequeath'd:you. :
OEdip. Canst thou remember who that other was ?
Ae. He was reputed one of Laius Servants.

OEdip. Of him, who late possess d the Theban Throne?

4 The fame: He tended on the Monarch's Herds. 145
p -OEdip. Does he yet live 2. May I hehold his Face?
Mess, Vou of the Land can best inform the King.
OEdip. If any present have e' er seen the Man,
The'Shepherd whom. he peaks of, either here |
In Thebzs, br 6n Gur Pastures, teach me, Sirs* © © 10
+ The Time demands Nyack mast bezfound.

Chor, Doubtless, my Lord, 'tis he you mn but now ;
That beg'd' to be dismissd and lives reti d:

But your Jocasta best can guide us here. |
OEdip. Canst thou inform us, Love, if it be him 155
This Man intends, whom we but now have summon'd2
Joe. Whom can he mean? O give not "a 1 head]
To fresh * Disirasts, or credit rash Surmise. 40

„ | OEdip

Sz OEDIPUS,
_ ©Fdjp. Forbid it, Heav'n, when I have trac d so far,
That I should: cease, e er I my Birth have found. 160
Joc. Now, by the Gods, if you regard your Life
Or After-Peace, renounce the vain. Enquiry : |
Already I am sick of heavy Cares.
OEdip. Tho' I am found a Slave in three Descents
T will not reflect on thee; fear not, Focasla. 165
Joc. Let me conjure you to forego your purpose.
OEdijp. Not till I am resolv'd in ev'ry Doubt.
Joc. I have my Reasons, Sir; and counsel well.
DEdip. Counsel is Poison that controuls my Will.
Joc. Oh! OEdipus, my much unhappy: Lord! 170
O may st thou ne'er discover who thou art ! Ez
OkEdip. Go some, and bring this Herdsman to me PO.
But let Her still boast of Her high Descent. -
Foc. O fatal Monarch! —But I can no more?

Tis _ 1 en of our n Sorrows. 175 ;
1 Jocasta hasty.

erer edu 0

AC IV. SER IV.

3 OEpt9vs, nnen and 3 *

Chor. Why is the Queen, my Royal Lord, retir'd
With such disorder d Speed, and inward Sade? 3
Alas! I tremble lest some dire Event mad 4
Ensue from her conceal d Distress of Soul. e

2 rn Let her high aps have mays 21 Rand resoly'd,180 4
However |

— — EEO IIOns, if U

King of TurBEs. 73
However mean, to search my Parents out:
Perhaps the fears, lest some ignoble House
Should claim my Birth, and shock her Female Pride.
But looking on my self as Fortune's Son,
I triumph in her Gifts, and can disdain 185
The Infamy of a Plebean Lot. |
The Goddess may dispose her future Son;
And Time that made me Great reduce my Grandeur.
Since 1 have gone so far, In not desist, | 3 |
Till 1 have trac'd my dark Original. 190

Chor. If 1 foresee the Will of "I
By the Regent of the Skies, Jy
E're the Morrow's Sun arise,
Thou, Cithæron, shalt relate, 5
hence our OEdipus arose; - 15g
And all the Honours of his Birth disclose, ob HERES
Then shall our futurt eon r .
And ring to Heav'n Cithzron's Name;

Cithzzron! whence the lovely Tidings cam.
Thou, Phoebus, didft the Search inspire; 1 200
Qh ! fallt thy blest Desire. ' |

What. Famer Divine * thee, Son,
Mhat fair Nymph. of heav'nly Race,
Suff ring Mountain Pan's Embrace,
Bearing mee, the: Theft did owne 205
For all Cliffs: and steepy Heights :
Are sacred to the rural God's Delights. | |
D 3, Did

OE B T Us,

Did Bacchus, or did Hermes rwe
Some Helieonian Nymph to prove,
And flamp'd thee in the, Hour ef yielding ue, 210
For Bacchus aft the Dryads court, ö“
Ae with blooming Beauty os IT;

Fr If I from Circumstance d diltant View
May guess, my Friends, the Shepherd we have sought
Now meets our Eyes: A long and suiting Age 215
Warrants my Thoughts, and says it must be He.

+ Besides that those, who lead him to our Presence,

I know to be my Servants. Thou perhaps
FHast elsewhere seen him, and canst better tell me:
Chor. My Lord, be certain chat I knOw this Man 220
Was one of Laius's most faithful Herdsmen. ,.
QEdip. Say, my Corinthian Friends is this he Man

Your late Discourse: concern' a
tis he.

ACT Iv. Scent 1.

Okorros, MESSENGER, SyrvuBRD, ArruxvanTs, and

Cneaaus.
OE. Hear e nay, turn your W
And answer me to What I shall demand? 227

Did-you not once belong to Royal Lais
Shep. I was his Servant, not a purchas d .
But born and 1 . —_— Houshold.

QE dip.

——— 2 —ůͤ— a ee ͤͤͤ—— — -

King of THBBEs. 77
ok. How didst thou serve him? What was oy
Employ 2?
Shep. The grazing Business wie areal Care. 230
OEdip. Where didst thou rr tend thy num Tous
Flocks ? ' |
Shep. On Mount Citheron; and the neighb'ring Lawtis.
OEaip. Hast thou not then somewhere beheld this Man ?
cbeß. Whit Min, my Lord? _ |
Ed. . This, who confronts thee here:

Hast thou not once been conversant with him? 235.

Shep. I cannot charge my Mem'ry with his Knowledge.
Mess. Tis not a Wonder, Royal Sir; but I, |

By strict Occurrences of ancient Date.

Shall rowse the last Remembrance of these Features,

1 Know, his 'waken'd Soul must recollect, 2240

That when on wide Citheron' s outstretch' d Plains

He o'er two Flocks presided, 10 er One,

Our Stations were most near; and we together

From blooming Spring to- the decline of Autumn,

Spent the long friendly Days: and when the chill 245

Approach of Winter warn'd us in our Cotts

To house the Herds, I to my private Fo!d

Drove my small Trust, but he his larger Flocke

In Laius. Coverts stabled. Speak, old Man,

Was it not thus, or do I talk in Fables: E ; 250
Sbeßp. Tho far remote in Time, ,l own the Truth.
Aess. Come on then; you remember, to my Care *

An Infant you intrusted, and with Pray'rs

Besought me, as a Foster-Child to rear it? >

8 D 4. | Shes,

Shep.. Oh! Wherefore is that Circumstance reviv'd ?
Mess. This was that Infant, Friend, I took in Charge.
Shep. Perdition choak thee ! Wilt thou not be silent 2
OEdip. Forbear these Execrations, rash old Man;
Thou rather dost deserve to stand accurst.
Shep. Most Royal Master, how have Joffended? 260 £
OEdip. Why dost thou not confess that Infant-Charge ?
Shep. He does not know th Event of his rash Questions,
If fair Entreaties will not make thee speak, |
Force shall oblige thee. — 1
nn - Oh, for Mercy's sake,
Do not with Tortures wound this Age-worn Body. 265
OFdip. Bring hither Irons; haste; bind the trifling F
4 Traytor.
12 | Shep. O my distracting Thoughts! ! What wk I say?
# ' -OEdip. Did you that Infant to his Hands deliver?
4 _ Shep. I did; Would I had dy'd in that glad instant!
„ OEdip. Slave, thou TT = unless thou Teak the
S jͤbeß. Alas! my Lord, I said 1 hve it him;
| 3 OEdip. From whence * thou the nd ? Was he
18 thy own? 150
Or didst thou from some it's Hand receive him ?
Shep. He was not. mine: I had him giv'n to me. (
5 wy From whence ? What e 2 "Which of our

1 Subjects Hands? 5 1 = 4
i Shes. O let me, by the sacred Pow'rs "Re "ta

Let me conjure you, Sir, press me no farther. |
OEdip. Wretch, if I ask thee once again, thou dy st.

Shep.

King of TuzBts. 2
Shep, The Child was of the Family of Zaius.
OFdip.eBorn of some Slave, or of the Royal Line? 280
Shep. Alas! What Horrors must I now disclose !
oOkdip. And I be curst to hear Vet hear I must.

Shep. Twas said to be the King's; but your Bale
Can best unravel this mysterious Secret.

OEdip. But did the give it thee? s? |
Shep. — — She did, my Liege, 285
OEdip. And to what End? |
Shep. — — With Orders to destroy. it.
OEdip. What, her own Childe:-- ..

— —.— — An Oracle of Dread.
Foreran his Birth, and authoriz d his Doom.

OE dip. As how?
Shep. — T was said, that he mould kill his Parents.

OEdip. Why didst thou then deliver it to him? 290.

Shep. Compassion for the Child had stir d my Soul,
Thinking he to some foreign Land would. bear it
Far from its native Soil: But ke, it seems,
Has ill preserv'd, and rear'd it to Misfortunes: |
For, oh! if thou art that once dreaded Infant, 295
A guilty Fate hangs o'er thy wretched Head:
OE dip. O cursed hour! Then all my Crimes are blown;
O hated Light, I will no more behold thee!
Who unpermitted stole into the World :
Defil'd my Soul with sacrilegious Murther, 300
And plung'd unseeing int' incestuous Horrors: 92 75
[Exeunt OEdipus, Messenger, Shepherd and Attendants»

A GT IW.. 3 Mako. v.
I ExoRvs. ©
Frail State of Man ! thy living Tot 1 Aue:

He who to Fortune. spreads his Sails,
And fipells with-her success Hul Galer
Who, in opinion grown; is Great,
Soon is becalm'd+and-drops rn -
From thy Example, King, from thy Success,
And the strange-Vicissitude, = +)
alt ring The, I must malte
Hue neter finrrrely dit a Morral-bless./ -
Hou the buste Voice of Fame
Dis by end tows: Mori proclamm
How ble! How mighty] ꝛuhen thy Su 5
Did the voracious Mon er- Virgin kill,
1 When from tha Ra vager thou FThebes diu free,
F 1 emen eee een pan hee,
1 Glad Supremacy pursuld la hes,
f Nurple Pomp and Royalty.
15 But who more wretched in thy — Stato?
| 5 Who more. o'erwhelm'd in a. tempestuous Fate?
Spent and. oer-lahour d with inherent Moe?

Reit Laß and Pollution vear ow. down :.

ite nothingy or «a*Shadow's Dream:

Ki O OEdipus ! How great, how ziel but now /: |

Kg rug Ents

The nuprial Bed, that bel the Father and the Son! 325

Hiw could the injur d Bid so long
In Silence bear the Fathers Wrong?
Ali seeing 1 "Time thi" latent Guilt reveals,
And the unlicensd Match repeals : .
At once an Huzbant end 4 Son,
Nature condemns the complicated Oneoffspring
of Laius, woulu these Eyes
Had never seen thy Miseries;
© To thy' Distress these Plaints I owe,
And gushing Tears unbidden slow :
once I thy Glories view'd with glad Surprixe;

Now, startled at thy Shame, I. downwards turn u

Eyes.

End-of the. Fourth ACT.

ul I IE — 7

—— — hats
mY W r .
d - qi *

bY W e eee eee eee x0
ak * ory . * N

— — Ponting =o HOO —

D 2 Bis

— "gt PÞ 49

Of ev'ry Eye, the fatal Act was done;

ACT v. Scexs x1

Mazamcona pins? Rs

What horrid Acts must pierce your wounded

Ears,

And blast your Eyes! What Sending fell y your Breasts,
If Tabdacuss House. still claim your Care |

Not all the Streams of fer, all the Waves 5

Of Phasis, can suffice to wash away
The rank Pollutions which this Roof infolds,
And covers yet from Knowledge: But too soon

The voluntary, yet compulsive Crimes

Shall force their way to Eight, and stand disclos' "4 10

But Mischiefs, that from willing pen slow,
Still wound ae t.

Chor. — th = TIhs heat Dist <<

We have already m—_— 0895880 u much:

What dire Increase df Sdrtow dost thou bring ?
Mess. To keep your Pain no longer in Suspence, IS

Know, that divine Jocafta i is no'more.

Chor. O wretched Queen! What Fae hath match. d

thee from us?
Mess. Her self undid her self; retir'd from View

Ye most honour'd Lords of wretched Thebes, |

a.i..eci.TÞ.

You shall be taught the Process of her Fury.
No sooner had her wild and frantick Rage
To the Imperial Chamber wing d her Feet,
But on the Nuptial Bed she threw her Body,

And with her Hands tore off her lovely Hair. 21

Thence, starting up, flung to the jarring Door;
And with shrill Voice call'd on her murther'd Laius:
Reproach'd him with the Fate-forbidden Son
By whom he fell; and left her widow'd Arms

To be usurp'd by Guilt, and clasp Pollution? 30

Then wept the fatal Bed, that had produc'd her -
An Husband from an Husband! that had bore
Sons by her Son, the Fruits of impious Joys!
What after follow'd, e er her Death I know not;

For OEdipus, loud as the raging Seas, 38

Burst in upon us; call'd our Eyes from her,

And fasten d em on his more portly Sorrow.

While with long Strides he travers'd the wide Room,
And with distemper'd Accents crav'd a Sword:

Ask'd for his Wife, his, and his Childrens Mother 1 40 ;

Thus as he rav'd, whether some God inspir' d,
(For we, like Statues, dumb and speechless stood )
But with an hideous Cry, as if possess d,

He from the Hinges threw the starting Doors,

And to the inward Chamber forc'd his way: 48
There we the wretched Queen aloft beheld- .
Hanging, and strangled with an hated Cord.
Whom when he saw, he from his inward Soul

Fetek· d

King of THE IES. 61
But as my Mem'ry serves to what I heard, :

«ht — 1 «4 rw aut £984 : : 4
a — 2 — 83 ro ton HAAR ets at — ect 8 ——
— TEL . 1
nnn VEE Ry

I * 6 : : o * 8
a OY) 7 vi _

6 d O DH US;
Fetch'd a deep Groan, and flew-to break the Noose.

Then, on the Hor, he dashed his prostrate Body, 50

With all the Angnish of distracted Sorrow.

There, O the force of hortid Resolution

He, from the · Bxeast of his Jocasta s Robes
Tearing the golden ornamental- Hecks,

With their steel'd Points dug at his saered — «1248

Crying, he could no longer beat to see

Her, his own Waes, or impious Deeds that caus'd em!
But, that by!Datkness guarded from: all Crimes,

He would hereafter banisn and shut out |
Each guilty Object; and impure Desire. 60
Thus, with repeated Clamours, he went on:

And from their Seats wrench'd out the Balls of Light,
Whose bleeding Strings stain'd all his mangled Face ;
Not did alone a Stream of putrid Gore 8

Follow the Wounds: but strong and gushing Show'rs 65

Of red difcolour'd Tears drove down his Cheeks!
Nor did a single Sorrow urge his Hands;
But for himself and Wife, himself he punish! 1
Their Joys, their Triumphs, and their real Glories,
That late inrich'd their Days, in one curst Hour 70
Are turn d to Groans, Destruction, Death, and Shame,
And ev'ry Form of Ills, that Man can think of |
Cho. How . did you leave the wretched Prince em ploy d?
Mess, He cries aloud t have all the Portals open'd,
That Thebes may see the cruel Parricide! (
Th incestuous Wretch that stain'd his Mother's Bed!
With other horrid things I fear to utter.

Then

Rig r Ti kw &8)

Then says; he must and will depart the:Land 3-- ©
Nor stay, in Thebes, accuritandi{elfidevoted 1' +

But begs th Assistance of some leading Hand. 80
For his Afflictions bew him to tte Eartũi!n
But soft, you willibe Witness of his Anguisfl!:
The Doors are open d, and youstrait- will see
A piteous. object, that would melt the stern }
Ange Breast of Hate to. soft-Compassion.. 85 |

ACT. V. " ian II. 1

Toe Sckuk opens from the: Palace, and 8 OE dipus
led forth, with .his-Eyes blinded and bloody, The.

Chorus range themselves on each side of the Stage.

Opus and Chonus. 5
Chor. O Sight of Woe! 0 dire Effects of GT g
More rueful than these Eyes cer yet beheld! „ 1
What Fury seiz d thee, most unhappy King ?. +” as
What cruel Pow'rs have on thy former 11s |
Heap'd new Distress, and loaded thee with Gries 50
I Beyond the Limits of Calamity ? | f
Alas! 'm wounded with thy strong Amiaions.. ee a7
Pve many things to say, "struggling for Vent; e
Many, my Soul. desires to know of thee;
But looking on thee, I my purpose lose; | 95:
Struck dumb with Fear and'Pity, —
OEdip. O, my Heart! |
0 wretched OEdipus 7 where art thou now?

64 GEDA PU S,.
Where do I wander? whither does the Voice

Of my tumultuous Moan ascend unheeded ? go
O my fair Fortunes, whither are you fled 2. _ 100 ä
Chor. Sunk into dire, unutterable Horrors !. Ha
OE dip. O this detested, never-ending Night!
O State of strong, unconquerable Darkness! Tt
O doubly curst ! —Subdu'd with pricking Pains, SN:
And stung with conscious , thooght-tormenting An- H:
guish ! ) Iog F 0

Chor. Nor wonder, with such pressing Ills o'erwhelm'd, I Nc
That you should feel the Weight of both Afflictions
OEdip. Art thou there, F nend: and can st thou still be |

kind? Li

Stil hold the same untainted loyal Duty, Bu
And hover round this blind and helpless Man? 110 [W.
Lost to these Beamless Eyes, I know thee yet; If
So well my Ear retains thy faithful Accents. In
Chor. O dreadful Work of Rage! what angry God .
Seduc'd thee to prophane thy precious Eyes ? 2
OEdIp. Apollo, Friends; Apollo wrought these Ills! 115 |
And all my glaring Mischiefs set to view! Or
But these performing Hands alone fulfill'd =

My stern Resolves: Wherefore should I have Eyes,
That, looking round, could view no Glimpse of Joy? 8.
Chor. ] must confess, Delight indeed was fled. 120 Co
OEdip. Is there on Earth that thing that I could see, I An

Or hear, or covet, or address with Pleasure? - co
O, no, my Friends; —Quick, drive me from the Land, Th
Your worst Destruction; one that stands accurst, Th

ee 3 8 5 1 Grie vous

Grievous to Man, and hated by the Gods! 1
Chor. How Sorrow doubles when so sharply felt od

Had Heav'n so pleas d, would I had never known thee?! !
OREdip. Curst be th' officious Wretch, whoe'er he was,

That from my Feet loos'd the corroding Bands;

Snatch'd me from Death, and rear'd me to Dishonour! x 30

Have I a Cause to thank him for my Rescue?

For then I should have dy d, secure from Guilt;

Nor cost my self, or Friends, this pressing Anguisn.
Chor. I wish the Gods in Mercy had decreed it,
OEdip. Then J had kill'd no Father; nor with Incest, 135

Like a foul Thief, robb'd my fair Mother's Virtues; 10

But now I am most vile, the Sire to Shame; &

Who have begot a Race on her that bore me:!

If Vice have its Degrees, behold the F iend

In all her ugliest Shapes of Horror here! 140
Chor. I know not how t'approve your desp'rate Course,

T was better not to live, than live in Darkness.

OEdip. O say not, I have err'd in my Resentment 3 ;
Or strive to sooth my grimed Soul to Peace: 1
IT know not with what Eyes I could have dere 145
To meet my injur'd Father's Ghost below:
Or glare upon my pale dishonour'd Mother : ö
Gainst whom, my Offences call for more than Death?
Could I with Joy gaze on my growing Children,

And not remember my once guilty Pleasures? 150

Could 1 with these polluted Eyes have view'd |

The Walls, the Tow'rs, and aweful Shrines of Thebes,

This Parent-Soil that has indulg'd my Manhood?

From

„ o. DDS

From which my own rash Sentence has expell d me,

Charging you all to thrust th; unhallow'd forth;

The Man condemn'd by Heaven, and injur'd Tais

Could I with upright Eyes, and daring Front,
Have fac'd my known and branded Infamy ?
No, Thebans, no; Could I with angry Force
Hare damm'd the Entrances of Hearing up,

And marr'd that Work of Nature; I would "AR

Have been a8 dull of Ear, as blind of Eyes:
For Loss of Sense is Sorrow's greatest Comfort.

O. why, Cztheron, did'st thou once receive me?
Or: not with Frosts have kil'd me, when receiv'd? 16;

Then the dire, Secret of; my Birth had slept!

O Polybas lu O Carinth . And ye Realm, M
I once thought Native What a Leaf rous Soul

Ve harbour'd, hid beneath a gracious Form?
But now I am one black, detected Horror;

O triple wending Road, ye gloomy Woods .

Ye, Shrubs, ye fatal and contracted Paths

That drank the blood, the. Father's Blood, I h:
Dot you x retain. the Marks of that Pollution,

Or know the Crimes I've since committed here? 175 |

O fatal Womb! that gave me to the Light;

And aster took me back to your dark Chambers,
Suff ring; me there t'- engender Sons and Brothers,

Daughters and Sisters! Chaos of Relation!

Confus'd the Wife and Mother! Broke Distinction, 180

And tore up Nature, with promiscuous Love
0 therefore. I conjure you by:the- Gods,

Hasten |

King, of: 'F vs RES. 67
Hasten to thrust me forth, to hide, or kill me,
Or burt me down into the friendly Depftn
Of Seas, chat will not give me back to Sight; _— 2
Come, dare to end a Man o'ergone with Woesz.
Obey without a Fear: I have a Load
That none hut OEdipus could bear, and live!

Chor. Creon, my Lord, approaches; he can belt

Advise, or execute, what you require; 190
For all your Pow'r devolves alone on 3 1

05 005905 eg Se 005 05500501508
QEDptpvs,- CA RON, and CHORUS.

cas Alas! How can Trrame my Sheets to to ior?
Or how rely on hitn' to do me —_
Whom 1 have Injur d*with nu Dettacklonse

creo. I come not, OEAHH, K insult your Its; 195
Or swell the Weight of Serrow with Reptonch': :
But, Men of Thebes, tho' lightly you regaidde
Your Country's sanaity*; O yet revere-
The sacred iSun'sall-feeding:Hallow'd Fires; ©”
Nor let Pollution thus uncover'd stand, - 200
Which neither Earth, the” Sky, or Light can saffer: |
But bear him to the Palace with alt Speed. oo
Tis fit, his Kindred, with condoling Bye 5
Alone shoulcbview the. Spe ctatlecof We. 3: b

OEdip. O Cen, sines thy Vertues have deceiv d 100
My base: Opinion; and that thou, in Goodness,
Do'ft condescend t approach this vile, falln Man; =

68 OEDIPUS,
By the just Gods, I beg that you would' hear me,
Since that which 1 would say, concerns you most,

Creo. What is it, you so earnestly would have? 210

OEdip. That thou would'ft speed me hence to some
lone Place,
Where I may quite be loft to Human Cliibrce.
Cie. Be sure, it must have been so; but that 1
Have first determin'd to consult the od,
How we must treat you. ö
OEdip. Wherefore that Delay. 6 208
15 not the dreadful Oracle most plain?
Th unhaKow'd: Parricide must be destroy d!
Creon. But yet the present State of _
[That we-should take the Counsel of the God. ..
OEdip, What? on 2 Wretch 281 am ? oP A
Creo.— rr: — NN For thy Fate 0
Has giv'n a Sanction to belles Words.
© OEdip. Let me conjuzethee then, FSH cannot)
Give her, that lies within, some decent * Þ
(To thee the Kindred Obsequies delons;):: 110
Nor let the State of Thebss:e'er condescend | 225
Me living to admit within her Walls:
But suffer me to spend my remaant-Days |
On my Citheron; on the Mount design d,
Of old, by both my Parents, for my Tomb: Bt
And leave me there to: dye, as they decreed., 239
But well I know, Sickness, nor raging Pain,
The Hand of Robbers, nor the Teeth of Lions,
Could have destroy d me, e er I had fulfill d

G ZS 22

The destin'd Mischiefs I was born to do. 2
Now, let my future Fate be what it will; 235
But, Creoz, burthen not my helpless Age
With my Sons Care: their sturdy Sex will strive,
And bustle thro' Adversity for Bread: |
But for my Girls, those poor and tender Orphans,
That still have known the Sweets of Regal Plenty, 240
And been the Partners of my flowing Fortunes;
My Heart bleeds for em! — O permit me, Creon,
To fold them in these Arms, and mourn their 1
Grant it, O King of Thebes; thou gen rous Youth !

Creon makes Signs to a Servant, who goes out.
Touching.'em, I shall feel a Father's Joy, 245
As great as when I saw. Ha! by the Gods,
My Ears are false, or I already hear 7
10 The poor afflicted little ones in Tears;
I And Creon, pitying a Father's Fondness, |
ot) Has sent my dearest Children? — Tell me, Filewds. n

PETE BET SHSOESETETHNTELSETOLS

25 Acer v. Scans IV.

OE DIY VU 's,. Cx E o. Servant nh FORTE ey”
ISMENE, the #00 young. Daughters of OEprpus, and

ChokRus.

Creo 5 not deceiv'd: knowing the tender Love
You always bore em, I have brought em to you.
OEdip. Heav'ns bless you for this cond n the
Gods 41 Ty

Protect

70 S DPD,

protect you better then they er did me! 5
Where are you, Daughters! O come near and touch 255
These Brothefs Hands, that made your Father s Eyes

Thus dark; nnn once, anden transparent!

Vour. Father, e os Guile,
Got vou on her; of whom my self was born! |
Tho' see I cannot, yet I weep your Fortunes; 260
To. think, how corn; d your ter Days must prove;
Toarhat A ssemblies, to what Theban Feasts, R
Shall you repair, but that, returning home, 5
You shall in Tears pay for the short>liv'd Pleasure
And when your ripen'd Vears inspire your Breasts 26;
With Love, where shall you- find a willing Consort?

Who will so lightly hold his Sen's fair Name, ö

As to receive Dishonour tõ his House e
The Portion of. intaild Pisgrace, which hangss

Upon you from your Sire ! = WhatBranch of Shame 278

Attends us not? your Father kill'd his Father!
Defil'd his Mother with licentious a

And receiv du, the Products of his Incalt !

This shall be your Reproach: Who then will court

Vour ignominious Nuptials? None, my Girls; 3 275
But Desolate, and Barren shall you live; es)
And to the Grave descend unblest with Offspring!
But Oh !: forbid it Heav'n; forbid it, Cron;
(For thou art all the Parent now is left them;

Those chat they had from Nature, are no more:) 280

N Let em not grow distress d and needy Wand' rers;

I | Contemn'd

King of HHR RRS. 71
ontemn'd for Want; or solitary Virgins. -
Nor let em feel the Burthen of my Sorrows-1 |
zut view their Infant Years, their helpless Childhood;
and stretch the Hand of Pity. o er their Weakness. 285
hey have no Help, but what must come from thee,
) therefore reach to me thy gen rous Hand; |
and: plight thy Faith for their affur'd/ProteRion.
O Daughters, were your Vears and Judgments 3
or Counsel, much.] could advise your Vouth. —=
ut pray to, the Great Gods, that they may shed |
ucceslize)Bleflings on your future Lear ut
\nd make you happier: then your wretched Sire;
Creo. No more, my * ere tis Head-frong
Sorrow: N
et us 80 in.— ad en 105180 8 : 25 10

OEd l- Tho loth, I must obey. 295

Creo. We ey submit to what the Times require.

Creo. Your Tongue Cap,bght,! interpret your Desires;

— O, I would faliyþe : banish d from this Land!
sk no * Br

or OBE mf

Creo. mc 8 edna 0

OEdip. May I BeH e IS

Creo. r I yet

user; d my Tongue to ner from my Heart.

OEdip. O then conduct me from this fatal Place: 305%

Creo. Come on! let go the Children.

OEdip. . — Hake not from me

Ez : af - os

4 These

oRdip. Can'st thou devine, with what Desire I labour ?

the 7 RI 300

BY — AAR Re at ant Met

bets

A at en 1

72 OEDIPUS,

These Comforts.
Creo, —Nay, indulge not fond Desires :

The Pleasures you have tasted, had their End.

[Creon leads OEdipus into the palace
Servant follows with the Children,

ae, Thebans, behold this OEdipus ; whose Name,
Once Glorious, was the darling Theme of Fame : 310
Who the dark Riddles of dire Sphynx explain'd,
And the decreed Reward of Empire gain'd: ©
Who of Desert and Regal Honours proud,
Look'd down on Fortunge and th' ignoble Creud,
Till the rough Tempest 'of unsteady Fate 7
Rush'd on his Grandeur, and o'erwhelm'd his State
Taught by the Change, let no rash Man depend
On Fortune's present Smiles, but mark his End:
Howe'er renown'd, we none must happy rate,

Til Death secure A * | . of .

OEdipus, King of Thebes.

Hs Play of OFdibus had the additional
Ca Tiitle of (s v, es) the King, given it
N by the Grammarians of later Times;
to distinguish it from the Second OEadipus
of Sophocles call'd Coloneus. The
i= =— Subject of this TzxactDr is, the Enquiry
after the Murtherers of Laius, the Discovery that
it was OEdipus alone did the Fact, and the Consequences
of that Discovery in OEdipuss Misfortunes. I cannot
give a better Abstract of the Contents of this Poem,
than is already done to my Hand by Mr. Dacits in
his Notes upon ArISTOTLE's. Art of Poetry. The
Scene opens, says he, with a Sacrifice which a great

Number of Thebans are making in the Court of OEdipus

s Palace. That Prince enters, and to comfort the

People, tells them, that he had sent Creon a long tine

ago to enquire of Apoils's Oracle at Delphos, the means
of making the devouring Pestilence cease; upon which
Creon arrives and relates what the Oracle had said:
OEdipus sends for Tiresias to explain it. The Prophet
at first refus d to do it; but provok'd at last by the severe

Carriage of OEdipus, he accuses him of the Murther

of Laius: OEdipus imagines that 'twas Creon made
him do this: Creon complains of this Injustice, o
the two Princes quarrel : Joecasta comes in to appease
them, and endeavours to remove the Uneasiness,
which the Reproach that was cast on OEdipus gave
him; but all that the said sery'd only to augment his

E 5 Trouble

2 —ͤ NE > or
we A n

RY LE

74 Notes upon OE DI PU,
Trouble. A Naessenger enters from *Gerinrh,, (who

brings the News of the” Death of King Palybus, who

was thought to be his Father; and to remove some
Fears which he had upon account of his suppos'd defiling

his Mother's Bed, he tells him, that the King and

Queen of Corinth were not his Parents; he was resolv'd
to know that Matter throußhly, and enquires of

the Shepherd, Who alone was able to give Him a perfect

Account. of his Misfortune: The Shepherd leaves
him no room to doubt of all his Crimes, and then he
punishes himfelfl. 1% wel tm PUG pon
O dipus is look d upon by Mr. Dacrzs'tobe the best
Subject for Tragedy that ever was; for whatever happen'd
to that unhappy Prince, has this Character; tis
manag'd by Fortune; but every Body may see, that all
the Accidents have their Causes, and fall out according
to the Design of a particular Providence. He has in
another place call'd it the finest Tragedy of all Antiquity,
And Mr. KEN NET in his Lives and Character,
pf the ancient Greek, Posts, (peaking of Sophocless Conduct
and Expressions, subjoins, that the: first of these
Virtues has made his OEdipus the general Rule and Model
of true Plotting. However as excellent as it is in its
kind, and as much as it has been esteem:d by the Ancients,
317 indivie 2 Pihoxrtgs, as Pnrt AE e; he had the
Prize bore from him by PHilocles, as Dicæarchus relates,

As the Scenary of this Tragedy. is mark d by the

Scholiasts to: be very artful, and the Constitution applanded;
so there are great Improbabilities in the Subject:
of both which I thall take Notice in the Course of
mhc Jiibfedweait;Notes

Notes upon the First ACT. _
0! Verse 1. 1e Sons Thebes.] The Scholiast observes
that the Poet has distinguishd OEdipus, in his Manner,
to be a Lover of his People, and studious of their Wel
fare; which Character express:d at the opening of the
Scene, begot the Eftcem of the Audience, and bespobe

their Compassion. 4 2 Me Þ

4 =. v P |] Sm ww...

Ling of THEBES. =
V. 3. These Boughs of Supplicallon.] It was the general
Custom amongst the Ancients for their Petitioners both. ©
to Gods and Men, to go adorned with Garlands, or
with Green Boughs in their Hands; sometimes both,
as in this Instance. The reason of which Ceremony
the second Scholiast tells us, was iv' a4d:&1mot doxoity To0:5
ss int] Lov, to beget Respect from those whom they addressd:
And these Boughs were either of Laurel or
Olive, because both those kinds are a#0adg, not subject
to wither; and the Laurel was a' Sign of Prevailing,
the Olive, of Appeasing.- | |
V. 44. From the Exactions.] As the Rise of OEdipuss
Power in Thebes is built upon the Fable of Sphynx, and
that her Riddles are frequently alluded to by Sophoctes
in this Poem: I will give my self a little more Scope
in. examining this Fiction from the Opinions of those
Authors, who have entred into the Enquiry after her.
To trace her first in her Fabulous Existence, We must begin
with the Description of her Person from the second
Scholiast on our Author, who says, is 41
EÞeyE ei xe r 9 ac e xõęns, CORE Av,
ne 36% , San dnbewrs, dο Azarro;, Tow -

oe th, IB. 8

must know that Sphynx had the Face u Hear of a Fir-

Sin, the Body of a Dog, the Wings of 4 Bird, the Voite
% 4 Man, and the Claws of a Lion. Thus she stands fora

direct Monster of Prey, and such has Mr. DRTDEN represented
her in the first Act of His and Mr. Lzz's
OEdipus. But the Scholiaft upon Hesiod tells us, that
1 Reality she was a Female Robber, and had many A,
sstants in Rapine with her; Toxywurnis Y yu l
AnFe4s 9 GHxt TAS; ovy. avii T&s5 TUYGITHC ov Jeg.
8 Ter xes upon Lycophron is of the same Opinion, and
teaches us further, ) that her monstrous Form was only
'& | &ven her significantly from her Qualities, f D

o evrlwy Ateuvay, dia To Povizey , av Xa

ns, : TS 8 \ 7 „ a \ 8 euros Exeter de
el- | eee er- . TTeguyoas dtr8, di 6 TY, GW dur Au-
8 . ay g / . * —
oke | + Vic, they figured her a Lioness, from ber Thirst of
3. Þ 27 | E 2 : Blood
„„ „ do a ix; -P
w - eu ne Le o "UMLALESS CAC = "ih;

75 ' Notes upon OEDIPUS,

Blood; with the Claws of a Griffin, from her rapatious
Conrse of living; and with the Wings of an Eagle, from
rhe celerity of her Comrades in surrounding and surpri-
⁊ing all Passengers: Not to trouble my self with what
Diodorus (lib. 14.) avers, that the Sphinges, were 4
opecies of Animals, of the Ape Kind, &c. | thall proceed
to relate that Sphynx took up her Quarters on the high
and craggy Mountain Sphingium, near Thebes, and from
thence made her Attempts on Travellers: Not but

that, by the way, this Mountain derived its Names of

Sphingium, Sphicium, & Phiceum, in all probability from
her Residence thereon ; for Sphynx was likewise call'd
be by the Beorians, as in 252 |

H d O robe TixE Nd teien Zeb egy. |
As to her propounding her Riddles, the Rewards propos'd

by Creon to such as should expound them, and
OEdipus s Success therein, they are Circumstances too well

known to dwell on further. Those who are inclined

to think the whole a Mystery couch'd under a Fable,

may take Nat. Comes along with them, in Myzhol, lib,

W i. appointed Day.) The Return of Creon is

wy. a oF

very artfully contriv'd to connect the Scenes; and
OE Adipus, as the Scholiast observes, desiring the Answer
of the Oracle should be pronounc d in Publick, preserves
the Kingly Character, in preferring the Interest of his

People; and at the same time not thinking himself concern

d in the Crime, prosecutes the Enquiry after Laiuss

Murtherers, and promotes the Business of the Tragedy.
. 122. Did Laiusneet his Death ?] The Enquiry

of OEdipus concerning Laiuss Death, seems to lye o-
pen to the same Remark which I have made on the 18th
Verse of the second Act of the Electra of Sophocles ; to

which | beg leave to refer my Readers. Arzi/tozle in his
Poeticks has given it for an indispensable Rule, that, ½
absolutely necessary that among all the Incidents which

compose the Fable, no one be without Reason; (but he
| 1 ̃ seems

seems to have put in an Excuse for Sophocles, in the q
subsequent Terms;) or if that be impossible, it ought to |
be so order d, that that which is without Reason be always
out of the Tragedy, as Sophocles has prudently observ'
d in his OEdipus. Mr. Dacikn's accurate Note
upon this Passage, sets the Critick in àa much clearer
Light. As there are Subjects which: cannot be manag d
without using these Incidents, which Aristotle calls
without <4 th he says, that they ought to be. placed out
of the Tragedy, that is, out of the Action which makes
the Subjett of the Piece, and made use of, as Sophocl
does of that which is without » Reason in his OEdip y
Nuwas without Reason that OEdipus should be so Tons
married to Jocasta, and not know in what manner LHus
was kill d, nor make any Enquiry after the Murtherert;
but as that Subject, which is otherwise the finest in the
World, could not subsist without that, Sophocles did not
think fit to omit it; but has plac'd it out of the Action,
which he has taken for the Subject of his. Piece: that

Incident is related as a thing already done, and which
precedes the Day of the Action. The Poet is answerable, only
For those Incidents which enter into the Composition of his

8 Subject, and not for those which precede or follow it;
V. 133. Did not hire, &c.] The Original is, i 7: pa Eu
' 75757 beg which the Cambridge Edition of So-

? .. —— on oo can. FI-+—— HIS
A SH > TIS vau%

ocles, printed in 1668. has render'd thus, Si ille non
pecuniâ Onustus iter faciebat, if he did not travel with

hs 24 Charge of Money: But I have follow'd the Interpre-
s tation of both the Scholiasts upon the Place, & wy ex}
xl ede. reivet 2 rie eig Kgtovre, s avTY owe wie To 18
y Acts Hove, dice The Barikaay. F it were not for Gain;
5 for this Speech is levell d at Creon, as if he had been
h - consenting to, and had contracted with the Murtherer of
0 | Laius, to gain the Crown himself. | - |

is Enter the Chorus.) The learned Mr. DAcikx seems
16 - mistaken in the Chorus of this Tragedy, for taking noch

« tice that the Priest of Jupiter, follow'd by a great many
ne other Priests, &C. make the opening. of the Scene; he sub-
E 3 Joins

78 Notes upon: OE DIP US,
joins, and when the Subject is well explain d, the Priesls
themselves make the Chorus of the Piece: The contrary
whereof appears to me very plain, especially if we may
depend on the Schaliasts. 7:barn iy cwod©- 75 xees
ente vg Puorideiv f rd dips , To Tegratay.—
dec a legs cręꝶt as d ie Ab ey. aue q e TY x |
eit ETER® . postea, nave Thi Trout
1 CaniMews/ rage recoovrar Tivec, üg wv 6 0895 H-
FAvegras. The Entrance of the Chorus is probable and
well prepar d. for the King (sends for and) says he must
confer with his People on the Matter. The Priest goes out,
having done what he came to de, and withel to give
room for. à fresh Actor. Sub sequent to the King 1 Command
come certain antient Thebans, of whom the Chorod
l... Fa

Notes upon the Second ACT. . | #

Verse 37. On me and mine.] The Scholiast justly re- 64
marks, that. it moves Compassion very strongly to hear - =:
OEdipus unknowingly. curse himself twice, if he knew | - C
| «the: Murth erer. EST did dn ne

W. 4. The Authors of his Death.] The Greek is 2 hi
Aubgdbexeis rad; | rorudage Te 27S rege adus, 28 C

M 7 ayiwogpg;. 1. e. Of Laius the Son of Labdacus,
the Son of Polydorus, the Son of Cadmis, the Son of th
vAgenor. I cannot conceive the meaning of Sophocless i Ell
inserting the Genealogy of Laius, which was of no W.
+ Concern .to the Audience, and gives OEdipus s Expres- -Fal
son an Air of Stiffness and Pedantry: Tis as formal, Pe
as if calculated for some particular Purpose ; and put Al
me in mind of Abraham bezat Isaac, &c. | E.
V. 76. Creon caunsel d.] There is a particular Art be- 2
longing. to the Theatre, which is call'd The Preparation
of Incidents; of which this Second: Act of OEdiprs is CU

very full, as is obvious to every one who is acquainted ,

with the Theory of the Stage. In multis Economia | "Y*
Comicorum Pactarum ita fe habet, ut casu * 1
| 5 1 TLenissèe

hag NO. P- * 3 3

Hole. HD. Pe oo

vent casual, which is designed by the Writer, The Rule
sing Virgil for his Art in this Point, has these Words,

he every. where-scatters Seeds for a future Harvest, The
Abbot of Aubignac has writ an entire Chapter, in his * #*; 4, |

Li ef Tu EES. 70
en af Consilio Scriptorum factum sit, says Donatus
upon Terence. The Ofconomy of the Comick Poets 1s

frequently such, that the Spectator may think that E-
holds in Tragedy and Epick Poetry: and Scaliger praiubique,

vero aliquid jacit seminum ad futuram Messem,

whole Art of the Stage, upon this Head, and which he

concludes thus. But the main thing to be remembred,
is, that all that is said or done as a, Preparative or Seed
for things to come, must have so apparent a Reason, and

so powerful a Colour to be said and done in that place, that

it Say seem to have been introduc'd only for that, and

th af never give a Hint to prevent those Incidents which
it is to prepare: I was peculiarly called to this Criticiim,
by an Intimation of the Scholiast,w 3, *g
E70V]o5, rubra eig T% gh, b 1 U οοj,Z dv Tis £00.

1 TET HT iVy vd gl F rege, meal] , x5, TS

Odi æedes Tx 0d, | Bur the Words Creon counsell'd,

make the Sequel probable, that OEdipus's Suspicion of
him. might obtain Credit, that Tirefias was fuborn'd by
Creon zo prophecy Falsities to blacken OEdipus.

V. 147. Ihen Passion shall have room.] The Poet thro"
this whole Scene of OEdipus and Tiresias endeavours at
establishing the King's Manners, and Character : He
would describe a Man, that is passionate, violent and

rash ;;. he always keeps in that Character, what is proper
and necessary for the Subject; and enhances it by
all the Embellishments it is capable of.

L V. 329. Corinth's Heir.] The Scholiast takes Notice,

that the Chorus are very reasonably puzzled, to de vine
wat Differences had sell out betwixt the Son of Labdacus,
and Polybus; for as yet they look'd upon OEdipus

10 be the Son of Polybus. E1X0T WG PETIT of 20 vi x >
Ylove eig D Ad reg, T Heaven, tri Þ vor! ger

F Y 7 7

Notes

—— — © oo” OO OBS ods

K tia ri —— by re

80 MNotes upon OE D TPUS,

this Act, both in the Scenary and Prosecution: of the
Plot is admirable. The Entrance of Creon is easy and

himself before those, who had been Witnesses of the
Calumnies: OEdipus, who had been sufficiently disturb'd

sonally of Falshood: The Warnith and Loudnels of

Notes upon the third A. OT.

Verse 1. Ye Men of Thebes. The Contrivance of

ansd:|ﬀ acc 44 © an. a

natural; OEdipus had thrown Suspicions on him, which
reflected highly on his Honour, and he Jongs to clear

by Tiresias, and given way to Suggestions against Creon,
hears him come to apologize- for himself, - and in the
Ferment of his Rage, comes forth to upbraid him per.

their Dispute alarms Jocasta, who, fearing the Consequences,
enters with Design either to reconcile them,
or prevent Danger. ;

V. 188. When I have enquir' d.] The Scholiaft remarks,
that after Creon had left the Stage, Jocasta, with 4
World of Probability, enquires into the Cause of the K ing.
and his Variance; which js done likewise to introduce thi
first Rememembrance and unraveling of the Plot. +
beds, I mo dmnaxtar wry; bee T airiay* aps 5 *
ive cg Wn) 78 evelvwerous. FVV
V. 219. Laius had once an Oracle.) I cannot suffici.
ently admire the Art and Fatality of Jocasta's Kind
ness in this Scene; she labours to release OEdipus fron
the Anxiety he was under upon Account of some tei
rible Pre lictions, by telling him how fruitless and unaccom}
lish'd an Oracle her former Husband had once
given to him from the Tripos; but in her Story unhappily
recounts Facts, which call some fearful Circumstances
to OEdipus's Mind, and involve him in fresh and
more horrible Distractions. | |

V. 309. Made from the Stars.] The Greek is, agg 1
aero expres p@> for the future, measuring the Corm:
thian Land by the Stars. And the old Scholiast upon
the place says, » 3 welaPogy D F rd weanyy dur /g

Ki v Tre BES. 8¹

4 os Of doe reh N Y. It is a Metaphor

borrow'd from those 22 traverse the Seas, who by the
Stars ars taught the Course of their Navigation. I reof
member an Expression of Y:rgit's Palinurus, very like
he this of Sophocles.

ch Si modo rite memor servata remetior astra. En. V. 25"

Ar V. 417. No moro to th' Lycian Temples pressing.] The
he Original is. 9 610 ＋ a60451 very, NOF to the Temple at
d Abe; and As, NO Avxiag eva i teggy tx AT,,
1, Abæ, was a Plave in Lycia where Apollo had a Temple,
he Jays the Scholiast; but the learned Dr. Potter thinks him
er. sufficiently refuted, in that we read of an Oracle of
of Apollo, at Abe, a City of Phocis, mention'd by Herose
· ¶ dotus, and Stephanus the Byzantian; by the latter of
m, which we are told, it was more ancient than the Del.
phian. Pausanias and Diodorus, make mention of an
ks, Abe, a Town of the Tocrenses Epienemidii; and Ste-
48 phanus, of one, a City of Caria: Mr. Lloyd in his
Lexicon Geographicum , . mentions several others taken
notice of by different Authors.

Notes on the F. ourth A\ C4

FY T2. To thee, thou next redress T7 The Original is,
ai e, for thou art nearest : On which the old
Scholiast thus flourishes, _ YUKveeT 169 615 abyryoiy Erber A-
FOAAGY H * &Y x15@- , KD & Topper Ko "AT]ix3; os
Obe. & e OyC wes 6 opwypoy bs yuurarioy Avzeiy Araa
There is a Gymnasium at Athens, consecrated
ap- to Apollo; he is ftil'd Nearest therefore, because Thebes
an- was not far distant from Attica: or else there was 4
and Gymnasium at Thebes, that was likewise under the Protection
of Lycian Apollo. If I might presume to call in
Question these learned Opinions, I would venture to
say Sophocles had no such Meaning. That Joeafta invok'd
Apollo merely as ©: 2m]pgrar®>, a Deity that
averted Evils; and he might e be address d to

82 Notes upon OE DIPUS,
as &yx15@-,. or Nearest on two Accounts: either as he
then shone over her Head, and so was present; or, as he
was likewise T&grarieu®, a Deity which presided over
and protected Houses, and therefore had Images erected to
him in the Porches : I have been pretty particular on the
Custom of addressing the Sun to deprecate Frights arising
from Dreams, in my Note on the 129th Verse of
the Second Act of Electra; which perhaps may serve
as a Supplement to this Remark. | .
BF: 29. From Corinth, Lady.] Aristotle in his Poeticks,
explaining . the | Peripetia in a Tragedy, says, It 1 a
Change of one Fortune into another, contrary to what
was expected, and that Change happens either necessarily
or probably. This Change in OEdipus is certainly very
happily contriv'd,. for as Mr. Dacikx remarks, a Man
from Cprineh comes to acquaint OEdipus of King Polybus
s Death, that he might go and take Possession of
that Kingdom. OEdipus. who thought that Polybus
was, his Father, and being afraid of committing Incest, as
{be Oracle had said he should, told him, that he was relv'd
never to go into any Place where his Mother was.
The Corinthian answer d, that 'twas very plain, he did
not know himself, and that he disturd'd himself about
nothing: And thinking to do him some signal Service,
in bringing him out of his Error, he told him that ht
Was not the Son of Polybus and Merope; which begat
the Remembrance, which cast him into the most hor

Tible of all his Misfortunes. Thus did the Discourse of

this Corinthian produce a Change of Fortune, not probably
but necessarily. hw

V. 189. 1 stand resolv d, &c.] OEdipus's Manners are
admirably well mark'd in this Act, for tis blind and

rash Curiosity which makes his Misfortunes, and the umrayelling

of the Plot. Plutarch very aptly calls this Curiosity,
an immoderate Desire of knowing every thing,
and a Torrent which breaks down all the Banks of Reason
which oppose it. It may not be improper to set

down a Passage of his at length, because remarkable 1

DS NSS. e.

DE Ir —

King of Tuznes, 83

it self, and relating to the Subject in Hand. Curiosity
cast OEdipus into the greatest of all Evils, for being defirous
to know who he wns, because they reprogch'd him

for being 4 Stranger, , He set forward to consult the O-

racle, met with his Father, and kilf d him without knows
ing who he was; afterwards he married his own Mother,
and by that became Xing of Thebes; and when
he seem d to be most happy, he had still a Desire to know
more, concerning himself, aliho his Wife used all pos>
sible Endeavours to hinder ' him: But the more 7!
strove to do it, the more he sollicited a certain old Man,
2who knew all the Affair, threatnimg and forcing him bi

all the ways imaginable ; so that at lat the Buspyess wit

so far reveal'd; that he began to have some sort of Suspi:

cion ; and then the old Man seeing himself obliged to Aeclare
every particular, cry d out, alas! I am at last reduc'd

to the cruel Necessity of Speaking: OEdipus'trans +

ported with Passion, and trembling, answer'd, And I am
reduc'd to thè cruel Necessity of Hearing: But, speak.
So much, so tickling'ts the Pleasure of Curiosity, and d
cult t withstand; as an Ulter,”' the more tis scrare h,
the more tis inflam'd andi bloody but he that & free from
this Malady, and of an easie Temper, when he has neglected
to hear some bad News, ought to say, O divine Forgetfulness

of past Evils, how full of Wisdom art thou 1.
V. 297. O cursed Hour !] Aristotle has obsery'd, that |

the best Remembrance, is that which is found with the
Peripetie, as in the OEdipus, on which Mr. Dacits a-
mongst others, makes this Remark.” The Subject of
OEdibus furnissi d Sophoclos with the best Remembrance
che Theatre ever saw ; for that Prince no sooner knew
himself to be the Son of Laius and Jocasta, but of the most
happy of Men, he became at once the most miserable.

Motes upon the Fifth ACT.
V. 47 Hanging, and strangled.) Sophocler has made Focasta
hang her self on the Discovery of her Incest with

, 5 5 3 | 8-4 . her

E — ß —³i

deer Son; but Euripides, Statius, and Seneca keep her
alive, till after the mutual Death of Ezeocles and Polyxices

in, single Combat: As to Seneca's part, I ought t

distinguish, that he has introduc'd her living © his
Thebats ; tho' he had before made her stab her self in
his OEdipus. But in the former he had his Eye on

Euripides, in the latter on Sophocles. - 1

V. 174. He cries aloud.] The Scholiast observes that
the Pretext is very natural for bringing forth OEdipus
to shew the Audience the Distress of his Blindness, by

making him ay, that he would shew Thebes, how justly

he had punish'd himself, for his Involuntary Misfortune, -
and how willing he was to depart the Land by reason

of the Imprecations he had fix d on himself: v,] ;

aerle T5 thrive a]. ive (Prot) deigz reis mronirai ont

25 f 2 \ = x # P'.4Y 2 „ , * e
Ee te. ETIAMENTX]o Ct akwviols Tabyuart % us
CAN Crorlt νj]mꝝ f oArws

| ; . 299. Fain be banish'd from this Land.] OEdipus in

als rag «pg; s ib

this Tragedy makes himself a willing Exile, but in the

QEdipns Coloneus, he reproaches his Son Polynices with

being turn d out of Thebes by him.

Tov ark; ar, weligy Tio 13
FK. dran,? V. 1351.
But I shall suspend the Examination of this point,
till my Notes on that Play, and the Seven Captains before

tice, that Sophocles paraphrases upon the Saying of So-
ton, which he made to Gresus, when he shew'd him all

his Wealth and Grandeur, and ask'd him if he did not

think him very happy; to whom the Philosopher reply d,

es xe req THAT; de meaxacitev, that we ought
not * 2 Man happy till his Death. The Story
and the Saying are very well known, but I do not find
Diog.. Taertius take any Notice of the latter in his Life

V. 319. Howe er renown'd.] The Scholiast takes No-
