m 


HHK 
illHB 


WSBflmm 
wmmm 

liHiir 


mm 


SHU.. 

wmm 


m 


m 


__ 


Digitized  by  the  Internet  Archive 

in  2011  with  funding  from 

University  of  Toronto 


http://www.archive.org/details/illustrationsof01broc 


Jx  x5&51iL!2^ 


ILLUSTRATIONS  ^^n** 


OF  THE 


PASSES    OF    THE    ALPS, 


BY  WHICH 


I  TA  LY 


COISniTNICATES  WITH 


FRANCE,  SWITZERLAND,  AND  GERMANY. 


WILLIAM   BROCKEDON, 

MEMBER  OF  THE  ACADEMY  OF  FINE  ARTS  AT  FLORENCE. 


VOLUME  THE  FIRST; 


CONTAINING 


THE  LITTLE  ST.  BERNARD ;  THE  MONT  GENEVBE  ;  THE  MONT  CENIS  : 

THE  MONT  ST.  GOTHARD ;  THE  GREAT  ST.  BERNARD  ; 

AND  THE  STELVIO. 


LONDON : 
HENRY  G.  BOHN,  YORK  STREET,  CO  VENT  GARDEN. 


LONDON : 
Printed  by  G.  B»ecl*t.  Castle  St.  Leicester  Sq. 


THE   PLATES 

CONTAINED   IN   VOLUME   THE    FIRST. 


PASS  OF  THE  LITTLE  ST.  BERNARD. 

1.  Scene  near  La  Tuille.     Title  Vignette. 

2.  Vale  of  Gresivaudan,  from  the  Chateau 

Bayard. 

3.  The  Roche  Blanche. 

4.  Scene  from  the  Little  Saint  Bernard, 

looking  towards  the  Tarentaise. 

5.  Colonne  de  Joux,  and  Hospice  of  the 

Little   Saint  Bernard. 

6.  Mont   Blanc,   from  the   Baths   of  St. 

Didier. 

7.  Mont  Blanc,  and  the  Val  d'Aosta  above 

Fort  Roc. 

8.  Ascent  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard  from 

the  Tarentaise.     End  Vignette. 

9.  Map  of  the   Route   from  Grenoble  to 

Aosta. 

PASS  OF  THE  MONT  GENEVRE. 

1.  Fall   of  the   Romanche,   near  Villard 

d'Arene.     Title  Vignette. 

2.  The  Fort  of  Fenestrelles. 

3.  Scene    from   the  Ascent  to  the  Mont 

Genevre. 

4.  Brianeon. 

5.  Val  de  Guisane,  from  the  Col  de  Lau- 

taret. 

6.  Scene  in  the  Val  Romanche. 

7.  Grenoble,  from  the  road  to  Vizille. 

8.  Obelisk,    and   Bourg    Mont    Genevre. 

End  Vignette. 

9.  Map  of  the  Route  from  Turin  to  Gre- 

noble, by  Fenestrelles,  the  Mont  Ge- 
nevre, and  the  Val  Romanche. 

PASS  OF  THE  MONT  CENTS. 

1.  The  Lake  and  Plain  of  Mont  Cenis. 

Title  Vignette. 

2.  Lyons,  from  the  Confluence  of  the  Rhone 

and  Saone. 

3.  Montmeillan. 

4.  Fort  Lesseillon  near  Bramante. 

5.  Ascent  of  the  Grand  Croix,  from  the 

Plain  of  Saint  Nicholas. 

6.  Monastery  of  St.  Michel  above  Saint 

Ambrogio. 

7.  Turin  and  the  Alps,  from  the  Mont 

Superga. 

8.  Valley   of  the   Arc,   from   above    St. 

Michel.     End  Vignette. 

9.  Map  of  the  Route  from  Lyons  to  Turin, 

by  the  Mont  Cenis. 


PASS  OF  THE  MONT  ST.  GOTHARD. 

1.  The  Devil's  Bridge.     Title  Vignette. 

2.  Bellinzona,  from  Samentina. 

3.  Airolo  and  the  Val  Levantine. 

4.  Ponte  Tremola. 

5.  The    Summit  of  the  Pass  of  the   St. 

Gothard. 

6.  Scene  in  the  Valley  of  the  Reuss,  above 

Goschenen. 

7.  Tell's  Chapel,  from  the  Lake  of  Uri. 

8.  Tell's  Tower,  Altorf.     End  Vignette. 

9.  Map  of  the  Route  from  the  Lago  Mag- 

giore  to  the  Lake  of  Uri. 


PASS  OF  THE  GREAT  ST.  BERNARD. 

1.  Hospice  of  the  Great  Saint  Bernard. 

Title  Vignette. 

2.  The  Valley  of  the  Rhone  above  Mar- 

tigny. 

3.  Scene  in  the  Forest  of  St.  Pierre. 

4.  Lake  of  the  Great  Saint  Bernard,  from 

the  Hospice. 

5.  Descent  from  the  Great  Saint  Bernard 

on  the  side  of  Italy. 

6.  The  Valley  and  City  of  Aosta,  from  the 

Chateau  Quart. 

7.  Chateau  of  Saint  Germain,  from  the 

Defile  of  Mont  Jovet. 

8.  Gate   of   Bourg    Saint  Pierre.      End 

Vignette. 

9.  Map  of  the  Route  from  Martigny  to 

Ivrea,  by  the  Great  Saint  Bernard. 


PASS  OF  THE  STELYIO. 

1.  Galleries  in  the  Wurmser-loch.     Title 

Vignette. 

2.  The  Vale  of  Meran,  from  the  old  Castle 

of  Tyrol. 

3.  The  Ortler-spitz,  from  the  Summit  of 

the  Stelvio  Pass. 

4.  The  Baths  of  Bormio. 

5.  Sondrio. 

6.  Lecco. 

7.  Como,  from  the  Road  to  Erba. 

8.  The  Chateau  of  Gastenbell.    End  Vig- 

nette. 

9.  Map   of   the    Route   from    Botzen   to 

Milan,  by  the  Pass  of  the  Stelvio. 


3ZKW2L  I  I' 

tit  Illnstiatr   Bn»rhfJ>uu's 

P  A  S  S  E  § 

,1  !■'       I'll  I'',      A     I,    P5a 

linhm  :W' I An<  ii, ii<  .  / 

/.  .  I/,7,V'"-.V MITII.         ... 


Toratlnty 


.--.kAm-i/ 


Si.lothnrii 


.l/./y.  . 


2S/vi  „ 
l..r.,il«,  „  /.•,.//.   .... 

.17.-// 


X.mttt*      ''-. 


iseux 


/•'. i.;.....iu  >Hy '""•>•  j 


^£v»  .       eLim::m  /A 

-s~^*'^  Flnitii-uii  "S 


-    -_>/.„»,;,.■„•  ,    „..     ,7   •    <-/-'<A 

<Tr..t.>    %  r* y  .  -        A« 

„     ?•'•        ■;//.      -i-'-i-'-f  *  iLr   '  t    r   " 

Ml.    -. 


'.;.'.',„       >/.i/»w^y 


!>,, 


V,      ,  A,/„  M.l»..,. 

i  l7,.,/„ln_s  o  ".'"tit 

•'•  J/..,./-,.„„.^v>  /•„,„;    "v----     _ 


•  ■lit.X.uiLE 


*«?« 


riHJW.,     I""'' 


£       s 


i-.r., 


r  i.  i     ..i       g   e  x  o  a 


'.»    (..in- Ltn.l..    Ensl    IV.. .it  (    , 


PASS   mill  IA  TinXlME. 


--o 
3 


s       ; 


ROUTE 


FROM 


GRENOBLE    TO    AOSTA, 


BY  THE 


PASS    OF   THE   LITTLE    SAINT  BERNARD. 


This  route  presents  to  the  traveller  some  of  the  most  beau- 
tiful scenes  of  Dauphiny,  of  the  Tarentaise,  and  of  Piedmont. 
Excellent   carriage -roads   through  the  vale   of  Gresivaudan 
conduct,  on  either  side  of  the  river  Isere,  to  the  great  route 
of  the  Cenis;  that  on  its  right  bank  leads  by  Lumbin,  Fort 
Barraud,  and  Chapareillan  on  the  frontiers  of  Savoy,  to  the 
Cenis  road,  between  Chainberry  and  Montinelian :  on  the  left 
bank  the  road  passes  through  Goncelin  and  Pont  Charra,  the 
last  town  on  the  French  frontiers,  and  falls  into  the  route  of 
the  Cenis  at  the  village  of  Planese,  where  Montinelian,  its  old 
fort,*  and  the  valley  of  the  Isere,  present  one  of  the  finest 
views  between  Lyons  and  Turin. 

The  vale  of  Gresivaudan,  or  plain  of  Grenoble,  one  of  the 
richest  in  France  in  corn,  wine,  and  other  products  of  the  soil, 
is  nowhere  surpassed  in  scenes  of  picturesque  beauty.  From 
the   road  to  Lumbin  the  views  towards  the  south-east  are 

*  It  was  formerly  considered  one  of  the  strongest  fortifications  in  Europe  :  the 
treachery  of  the  governor  gave  it  to  the  possession  of  Henry  the  Fourth  of  France  m 
1600.  Whilst  he  was  besieging  it,  he  narrowly  escaped  with  his  life  from  a  cannon- 
shot  ;  and  his  son,  Louis  the  Thirteenth,  after  having  invested  it  fifteen  months,  was 
compelled  by  its  gallant  defender,  Bens  de  Cavour,  to  raise  the  siege.  The  fort  was 
demolished  by  the  French  in  1703,  and  has  never  since  been  restored. 

NO.  I.  B 


PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 


bounded  by  the  lofty  range  of  mountains  which  forms  the 
northern  side  of  the  Val  Romanche,  and  from  the  left  bank  of 
the  Isere  the  opposite  mountains  appear,  by  their  proximity, 
to  bans;  over  the  road  beneath  them,  in  bold  and  precipitous 


masses. 


At  the  upper  end  of  the  valley  there  are  some  scenes 
which  the  traveller  should  visit.  Near  Chapareillan,  the  bold 
ranee  of  mountains  which  bounds  the  north-eastern  side  of 
the  valley,  and  divides  it  from  the  Grand  Chartreuse,  ter- 
minates in  Mont  Grenier,  part  of  which  fell  in  1249,  and 
produced  an  interesting  field  for  the  researches  of  the  geologist 
in  the  Abymes  de  Myans. 

On  the  right  of  the  road,  ascending  by  Goncelin,  near 
Pont  Charra,  are  the  ruins  of  the  chateau  Bayard,  where  the 
chevalier  "sans  j>e//r  et  sans  reprocfie"  was  born  in  the  year 
1476;  the  remains  are  not  picturescpie,  except  those  of  the  old 
entrance :  but  the  views  from  the  ruined  terrace  are  very  fine, 
particularly  towards  Mont  La  Tuile.  above  Montmelian :  in 
this  direction  the  eye  commands  the  scene  from  Pont  Charra 
to  Fort  Barraud,  the  windings  of  the  Isere,  and  beyond  it  the 
plain  extending  almost  to  Chamberry.* 

At  Montmelian,  where  the  great  road  to  the  Cenis  crosses 
the  Isere.  the  traveller  from  Grenoble  by  Pont  Charra  enters 
upon  the  line  of  Hannibal's  march  into  Italy.  This  subject  of 
deep  inquiry  and  great  interest  to  the  historian  has  been  most 
ably  illustrated  in  "A  Dissertation  on  the  Passage  of  Han- 
nibal over  the  Alps,  by  a  Member  of  the  University  of  Oxford" 
which  offers  such  clear  and  essential  evidence  as  every  one 
accpiaiuted  with  the  various  passes  of  the  Alps,  and  who  is 
interested  in  the  inquiry,  must  consider  conclusive.!  It  traces 
the  route  of  Hannibal  into  Italy  from  the  Rhone,  and  shows 
that,  after  he  had  ascended  the  river  and  defeated  the  Allo- 
broges,  he  passed  the  Mont  du  Chat,  near  Chamberry,  thence 

*  Plate  the  first. 

f  There  is  a  work  on  the  same  subject,  which  coincides  with  the  "  Dissertation," 
by  M.  J.  A.  de  Luc,  of  which  a  second  edition  was  published  in  1825,  at  Geneva. 


THE  LITTLE  SAINT  BERNARD.  3 

marched  to  Montmelian,  and  ascended  by  the  right  bank  of  the 
Isere  to  the  passage  of  the  Alps  by  the  Little  Saint  Bernard. 

From  Montmelian  to  LTIopital  Conflans,  the  road,  which 
leads  to  the  Tarentaise,  ascends  by  the  right  bank  of  the  Isere, 
through  a  succession  of  beautiful  scenes,  which  are  sometimes 
rendered  more  interestiug  by  ruins  of  baronial  castles.  One 
of  the  most  remarkable  of  these  is  the  chateau  Moilans,  whose 
towers  stdl  seem  to  frown  from  their  high  rock  011  the  passing 
traveller.  In  the  early  part  of  the  sixteenth  century  this 
castle  was  purchased  by  one  of  the  dukes  of  Savoy,  and  made 
the  state  prison  of  the  duchy. 

This  part  of  the  route  abounds  with  villages,  whose  inha- 
bitants appear  to  be  numerous,  and  then-  industry  is  evinced  by 
the  highly  cultivated  state  of  the  valley.  L'Hopital  is  situated 
on  the  right  bank  of  the  river  Arly,  which  divides  it  from  Con- 
flans,  and  at  the  base  of  the  hill,  on  the  sides  of  which  Conflans 
is  built.  A  good  street  and  excellent  inns  are  scarcely  expected 
by  the  English  traveller,  but  these  are  to  be  found  at  L'Hopital. 
The  road  up  the  valley  of  the  Isere  from  Conflans  makes  a 
considerable  turn  from  a  north-east  to  a  -outh-south-east  direc- 
tion, and  above  this  inflection  the  scenes  are  more  confined, 
and  the  lower  ranges  of  mountains  more  richly  wooded ;  the 
valley,  through  which  there  is  an  excellent  road,  is  pastoral 
and  retired  in  its  character,  though  chateaux  are  still  seen 
jutting  out,  on  rocks  and  commanding  situations,  from  the  rich 
background  of  forest-trees.  Some  grand  rocky  scenes  present 
themselves  to  the  traveller  before  he  arrives  at  the  neat  village 
of  Aigue  Blanche :  beyond  this  place  the  valley  narrows  to  a 
ravine,  by  the  side  of  which  there  is  a  well-constructed  road 
to  Moutiers,  the  chief  town  of  the  Tarentaise.  Moutiers  is 
situated  in  a  little  plain  nearly  surrounded  by  mountains,  and 
is  celebrated  for  its  salt-works,  mines,  and  mineral  springs. 

From  Moutiers  a  mule-road  leads  by  the  valley  of  the  Doron, 
over  the  Col  de  la  Vanoise,  to  Termignon,  on  the  great  road  of 
the  Mont  Cenis ;  a  journey  of  interest,  and  of  easy  accomplish- 
ment in  the  height  of  summer.     At  the  distance  of  a  few  miles 


4  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

from  Moutiers  the  road  passes  by  the  hot  and  mineral  baths 
of  Brida,  or,  as  they  are  called  in  the  old  records  of  Savoy, 
La  Perriere:*  they  are  now  much  resorted  to  by  invalids. 
The  temperature  of  the  water  is  about  96°  of  Fahrenheit,  and 
it  contains  about  140th  part  of  saline  matter. 

On  leaving  Moutiers,  to  pursue  the  route  to  the  Little  Saint 
Bernard,  the  Isere  is  still  ascended,  but  in  another  direction, 
nearly  parallel  to  the  road  from  Montmelian  to  Conflans :  for 
a  short  distance  the  ascent  is  rapid,  through  a  ravine;  then 
leaving  the  Isere,  the  road  passes  by  the  village  of  St.  Marcel, 
and  encounters  the  river  again  at  Le  Saut  de  la  Purcelle,  a 
tremendous  gorge,  at  whose  base  the  Isere  is  seen  forcing  its 
passage.  The  road  is  carried  over  the  rocks  three  hundred 
feet,  nearly  perpendicular,  above  the  river,  to  enter  the  valley 
of  Centron,  where,  though  the  vine  is  still  cultivated,  and  the 
valley  is  studded  with  villages,  it  assumes  a  comparatively 
sterile  appearance  ;  the  mountain -side,  which  abruptly  de- 
scends to  the  river,  is  clothed  with  pines,  which  now  prevail 
among  the  foliage  ;  and  the  mountains  of  the  Little  Saint 
Bernard  close  the  vista. 

After  passing  the  village  of  Centron,  the  traveller  enters, 
near  the  middle  of  the  valley,  the  old  town  of  Ayme,  formerly 
the  Forum  Claudii  of  the  Centrones  ;  it  is  rich  in  Roman 
inscriptions  and  other  evidences  of  early  importance  :  the  road 
passes  through  it,  and  continues  to  Bourg  St.  Maurice. 

The  plain  in  which  this  town  is  situated  extends  itself 
beyond  Scez,  up  the  valley  of  the  Isere,  which  is  a  wider  and 
more  obvious  route  to  a  passage  by  the  Alps  than  that  which 
leads  by  the  valley  of  the  Reclus,  as  it  presents  the  course  of 
the  larger  stream ;  and  the  traveller  is  not  at  first  prepared  for 
the  true  road,  by  the  Reclus,  to  the  Little  Saint  Bernard,  because 
this  turns  off  to  the  left  from  Scez  by  a  lateral  valley,  through 
which  it  flows  into  the  Isere.  Formerly  a  path  led  by  the  right 
bank  of  the  Reclus;  but  an  ill-paved  and  worse-preserved  road 

*  There  is  an  account  of  these  baths  in  Bakewell's  interesting  Travels  in  the 
Tarentaise. 


THE  LITTLE  SAINT  BERNARD.  5 

now  conducts,  on  the  other  side,  by  Notre  Dame  des  Nei°:es  and 
Yillars,  to  the  RocJie  Blanche;*  at  the  foot  of  which  the  river 
is  crossed  by  a  good  bridge,  and  the  road  winds  up  the  moun- 
tain, by  a  tolerable  mule-path,  to  Saint  Germaius,  the  last 
village  of  the  Tarentaise.  The  Roche  Blanche  is  a  vast  mass 
of  gypsum,  appearing  to  close  the  valley  of  the  Reclus,  which 
struggles  amongst  the  rocks  at  its  steep  base  ;  its  summit  is 
covered  with  pines  ;  and,  as  a  military  position,  its  occupation 
secures  the  defence  of  the  pass,  whilst  its  occupants  might 
march  from  its  summit  to  the  Coif  of  the  Little  Saiut  Bernard, 
without  again  descending,  as  the  mass  of  exposed  gypsum, 
which  gives  name  to  the  rock,  is  protruded,  like  a  headland  from 
the  mountain,  at  the  upper  end  of  the  little  plain  of  Villars. 

The  Roche  Blanche  is  a  remarkable  feature  in  this  passage, 
not  only  from  its  geological  character,  but  from  its  historical 
connexion  with  the  invasion  of  Italy  by  Hannibal.  The  evi- 
dence of  its  being  the  White  Rock  mentioned  by  Polybius, 
where  Hannibal  took  up  his  position  to  defend  his  army  from 
the  assaults  of  the  Centrones,  during  its  ascent  of  the  valley, 
will  be  found  in  the  "  Dissertation  "  already  mentioned. 

While  the  author  of  these  Illustrations  was  sketching  the 
Roche  Blanche,  a  respectable-looking  farmer  on  horseback, 
who  was  passing,  rested  for  a  moment,  and  said,  "  That,  sir, 
is  the  Roche  Blanche  :  formerly  a  great  general  called  Han- 
nibal passed  this  way  with  his  army,  and  fought  a  battle  here." 
Tradition  is  good  collateral  evidence,  though  of  little  value 
alone.  On  many  other  passes  of  the  Alps  the  name  of  Han- 
nibal has  been  left  by  inquirers  into  this  interesting  subject, 
and  become  familiar  to  the  peasantry.  The  Viso,  the  Cenis,  the 
Genevre,  and  the  Grand  Saint  Bernard,  have  their  traditions ; 
and  even  on  the  snows  and  glaciers  of  the  Cervin,  the  author 
was  told  by  his  guide  that  the  fort  of  St.  Theodule,  situate  on 
that  mountain,  was  built  by  Hannibal  in  his  passage  there ;  and 
talked  of  Tite-Liue  and  Poh/be  as  authority  for  his  assertions. 

*  Plate  the  second.        f  The  Col  is  the  highest  traversable  part  of  a  mountain. 


6  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

The  traditions,  however,  of  the  passage  of  Hannibal  by  the 
Little  Saint  Bernard  assume  a  higher  character ;  they  are  not 
confined  to  the  pass  of  the  mountain,  hut  may  he  traced  on 
this  route  from  the  Rhone  to  Turin.  The  old  Roman  road 
over  the  Graian  Alps  passed  to  the  right  of  the  Roche  Blanche; 
at  present,  a  modern  path  on  the  other  side,  through  Saint 
Germains,  conducts  by  an  easy  ascent  above  the  village  to  the 
Hospice  and  plain  of  the  Col  :*  the  heavy  snows  which  fall 
here  in  winter  have  induced  the  precaution  of  raising  poles  at 
certain  distances  to  guide  the  traveller ;  sometimes  these  posts 
have  cross-pieces  nailed  on  at  the  top,  rather  to  assist  the 
traveller's  course  by  their  direction  than  from  any  religious 
motive.  It  would  employ  about  three  hours  to  walk  from 
the  Roche  Blanche  to  the  Hospice  on  the  summit  of  this  pass. 
About  half-way  up,  the  view,  on  looking  back,  is  striking :  the 
valley  of  Centron,  the  road  winding  down  the  mountain  to 
Saint  Germains,  the  side  of  the  Roche  Blanche  hanging  over 
the  Reclus,  and  the  beautiful  forms  of  the  Mount  Iseran,  com- 
bine to  form  a  fine  Alpine  scene. f 

The  Hospice  on  the  summit  is  on  the  brink  of  the  descent 
to  the  Tarentaise :  bread,  butter,  and  cheese,  sometimes  meat, 
and  always  wine,  may  be  had  there.  In  1824  it  was  occupied 
by  a  man  and  his  wife,  with  a  family  of  hardy  children.  He  is 
stationed  there  by  the  Sardinian  government,  and  remains  all 
the  year :  he  is  directed  to  assist  and  relieve  the  poor  traveller 
gratis ;  but  those  who  can  afford  to  pay,  discharge  the  expenses 
which  they  incur  as  they  would  at  an  inn.  It  was  formerly 
held  by  some  monks  from  the  Great  Saint  Bernard,  whose 
cells  and  little  chapel  are  now  in  ruins  ;  these  have  been  left 
so  since  the  year  1794,  when,  during  the  wars  of  Italy,  France 
poured  her  republican  soldiery  through  the  defiles  of  the  Alps. 
The  summit  of  the  Little  Saint  Bernard  was  then  the  site  of 
some  military  operations,  not  surpassed  by  any  deeds  of  daring 
in  those  regions  ;    but   though  they  want  the  mystery  and 

*  End  vignette.  f  P^atc  tue  third. 


- 


THE  LITTLE  SAINT  BERNARD.  7 

magnitude  which  the  mists  of  time  throw  over  distant  events, 

o  7 

the  heroism  displayed  hi  the  conquest  of  this  pass  is  not  for- 
gotten in  the  annals  of  France.  On  the  24th  of  April,  1794, 
a  division  under  General  A.  Dumas,  armed  only  with  swords 
and  muskets,  and  at  this  most  difficult  and  dangerous  season, 
attacked  the  stations  of  the  Austria- Sardinians  on  these  moun- 
tains. After  having  for  two  days  struggled  through  the  ac- 
cumulated snows,  and  crossed  precipices,  to  contend  with 
indestructible  ramparts,  bristled  with  artillery,  and  defended 
by  superior  numbers,  they  forced  a  triple  redoubt  on  Mont 
Valaisan,  carried  a  position  of  1200  men  on  the  Belveder,  and 
compelled  the  guardians  of  the  pass  to  defend  themselves 
at  the  Hospice,  which  was  laid  in  ruins  ;  for  against  this  posi- 
tion the  cannon  of  the  conquered  redoubts  were  tm-ned,  and 
the  French  soon  drove  their  enemies  from  this  disastrous  post, 
to  take  refuge  in  the  valleys  of  Piedmont. 

Tbe  plain  on  the  summit,  from  the  Hospice  to  the  com- 
mencement of  the  descent  to  La  Tuille,  is  above  two  miles 
long  and  about  a  mile  in  width  ;  here  Hannibal  encamped  his 
army  two  days,  to  refresh  his  soldiers  and  wait  for  stragglers. 
Tins  place  has  a  very  convenient  extent  for  the  temporary  rest 
of  25,000  men,  to  which  number  the  army  of  Hannibal  was 
now  nearly  reduced.  He  had  passed  the  Rhone  with  40,000 ; 
and  Polybius  states,  that,  on  entering  the  plains  of  Italy,  they 
were  reduced  to  little  more  than  half  that  number.  The  lake 
of  Vernal,  or  of  the  Little  Saint  Bernard,  is  the  source  of  the 
Doira  Baltea,  and  does  not  occupy  any  part  of  the  plain,  but 
is  situated  far  below  it,  at  its  northern  extremity,  at  the  base 
of  the  mountains  which  form  the  north-west  boundary  of  the 
Col ;  its  surface  is  not  equal  to  one-hundredth  part  of  the 
extent  of  the  plain. 

About  twelve  hundred  yards  north-east  of  the  Hospice 
stands  a  broken  column,  the  remains  of  a  temple,  which  bears 
the  name  of  the  Colonne  de  Joux;*  it  is  nearly  twenty  feet 

*  Plate  the  fourth. 


PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 


hia;h,  and  three  feet  in  diameter.  It  is  of  the  variety  of  marble 
called  Cipolino,  which  abounds  in  the  upper  part  of  a  neigh- 
bouring mountain,  the  Cramont.  The  column  has  been  sur- 
mounted by  a  small  iron  cross,  placed  there  either  as  an  object 
of  worship,  or  to  preserve  this  relic  of  a  temple,  of  which  the 
plan  may  with  some  difficulty  be  traced.  Farther  to  the  north- 
east, and  about  three  hundred  yards  from  the  column,  is  a 
large  circle  of  stones,  through  the  midst  of  which  the  road 
across  the  mountain  passes;  this  circle  is  generally  called,  at 
least  by  the  people  of  the  Tarentaise  side  of  the  mountain,  the 
Cirque  d'Annibal ;  and  the  tradition  is,  that  Hannibal  held  a 
council  of  war  on  that  spot.  The  muleteers  who  pass  this 
road,  the  people  of  the  Hospice,  the  guides,  and  the  neigh- 
bouring peasantry,  know  it  only  by  that  name.  It  is  formed 
on  the  highest  ground  of  the  plain,  and  is  composed  of  stones 
of  the  varieties  found  there,  principally  compact  gneiss  and 
clay  slate,  in  irregular  masses,  varying  in  weight  from  three 
hundred  to  six  hundred  pounds ;  they  are  about  ten  feet  apart, 
and  the  circle  measures  nearly  two  hundred  and  fifty  yards 
round.  As  it  would  have  been  easv  for  five  hundred  of  Han- 
nibal's  Nvunidians  to  have  formed  this  circle  in  an  hour  with 
the  stones  which  lay  scattered  on  the  plain,  it  is  highly  pro- 
bable, considering  the  elevation  of  the  circle,  its  situation  near 
the  middle  of  the  plain,  and  the  facility  with  which  it  might 
have  been  formed  there,  that  it  was  a  spot  in  the  camp  devoted 
to  the  general,  his  council,  or  some  religious  observances  of 
the  Carthaginian  army. 

From  the  middle  to  the  north-eastern  extremity  of  the 
plain,  a  magnificent  spectacle  is  presented  by  Mont  Blanc,  as 
it  towers  over  the  Cramont  and  range  of  mountains  south-east 
of  the  Allee  Blanche.  The  traveller  who  would  enjoy  one  of 
the  finest  scenes  in  the  Alps  should  ascend  the  Belveder,  one 
of  the  mountains  which  bound  the  Col  of  the  Little  Saint 
Bernard.  After  an  hour's  easy  ascent  from  the  Hospice,  which 
may  be  accomplished  on  a  mule,  an  unrivalled  Alpine  pano- 
rama would  lie  before,  beneath,  and  around  him.     Mont  Blanc, 


THE  LITTLE  SAINT  BERNARD.  9 

with  its  grand  glaciers  of  the  Miage  and  the  Brenva,  which 
appear  to  stream  from  its  sides,  the  Great  Saint  Bernard,  the 
high  summits  of  the  Cervin  and  Mont  Rosa,  the  immense 
glacier  of  the  Ruitor  extending  sixteen  leagues,  the  Mont 
Iseran,  and  a  thousand  intermediate  peaks,  would  he  presented 
in  magnificent  succession.  A  similar  scene  may  be  observed 
from  the  Valaisan,  but  this  is  more  difficult  of  access.  The 
mountain  on  the  north-west  of  the  Hospice,  the  Belle-face,  is 
still  more  difficult  to  climb,  and  the  scene  from  its  height  does 
not  repay  the  trouble  of  attaining  it,  as  the  finest  object,  Mont 
Blanc,  is  concealed  by  the  intervention  of  the  mountain  of  the 
Bottomless  Lake. 

From  no  part  of  the  passage  of  the  Little  Saint  Bernard 
or  the  surrounding  mountains  can  the  "plains  of  the  Po"  be 
seen,  which  Polybius  says  Hannibal  pointed  out  to  his  army 
to  reanimate  them  after  the  fatigues  of  their  march  and  ascent. 
This  stumbling-block  in  the  investigation  of  the  passage  of 
the  Alps  by  Hannibal  is  removed  only  on  the  Col  de  Yiso, 
whence  the  plains  of  Italy  can  be  seen  ;  but  the  utter  want 
of  agreement  with  Polybius  in  every  other  part,  and  the 
insurmountable  difficulties  which  must  have  been  presented 
to  the  Carthaginian  army  by  the  pass  of  the  Yiso,  prevent 
any  one  acquainted  with  it  from  adopting  the  opinion  that 
Hannibal  went  that  way. 

It  is  stated,  however,  by  Polybius,  in  cap.  54,  that  Hannibal 
pointed  out  also  the  situation  of  Rome.  It  would  have  been 
as  possible  from  any  part  of  the  Alps  to  have  pointed  out  that 
of  Athens.  The  author  of  the  "  Dissertation "  thinks  that 
the  direction  and  bearings  of  the  plains  of  the  Po  and  Rome 
are  all  that  is  meant :  the  whole  sentence  thus  indicates,  that 
he  pointed  out  the  situations  in  which  those  places  lay,  the 
mountain-ridges  which  bounded  the  valleys  leading  to  the 
plains  of  the  Po,  and  the  streams  flowing  from  the  summit  in 
that  direction,  to  the  truth  of  which  his  guides,  the  Cisalpine 
Gauls,  who  accompanied  him,  could  bear  testimony.  All  this 
might  have  been  shown  to  the  soldiers  by  merely  going  to  the 
no.  i.  c 


10  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

end  of  the  little  plain  of  the  camp,  and  observing  the  deep 
valley  of  La  Tnille  below  them. 

Soon  after  leaving  the  Cirque  d'Aunibal,  the  ruins  of  a  large 
building  are  passed,  which  appears  to  have  been  destroyed  by 
fire,  probably  during  the  war  of  1794.  A  little  beyond,  the 
plain  terminates,  and  the  scene  opens  in  the  valley  of  La 
Tuille,  to  which  a  rugged  path  descends  as  far  as  Pont  Serrant. 
Before  any  road  was  made,  the  difficulties  and  dangers  of  this 
precipitous  route  must  have  been  very  great :  here  occurred 
the  heavy  losses  which  Hannibal  sustained  in  the  descent  of 
his  army.  At  Pont  Serrant  these  must  have  been  particularly 
fatal ;  for  the  river  which  flows  from  the  lake  of  the  Little 
Saint  Bernard,  rushes  across  the  path  through  a  frightful 
eoree,  and  falls  on  the  rioht  into  the  valley  which  leads  to 
La  Tuille.  This  gorge  is  about  two  hundred  feet  deep,  yet 
so  narrow  that  it  is  crossed  by  a  wooden  bridge  twenty-three 
paces  in  length,  of  which  twelve  only  are  actually  clear  of 
the  rocks  at  the  top.  In  descending  to  La  Tuille,  this  gulf 
cannot  be  seen  until  within  one  hundred  feet  of  the  brink,  as 
it  presents  no  other  appearance  than  that  of  a  haw-haw  in  an 
English  pleasure-ground :  it  is  easy  to  imagine  how  destructive 
such  a  place  must  have  been  to  an  army  descending. 

Three  cpiarters  of  an  hour*  froni  Pont  Serrant  the  traveller 
reaches  La  Tuille.  A  little  below  this  village  there  is  a  spot 
of  much  importance  in  establishing  the  fact  of  Hannibal's 
passage  by  this  route.  The  Doire,  joined  by  a  torrent  which 
descends  from  the  vast  glaciers  of  the  Mont  Ruitor,  forces  its 
way  through  a  deep  ravine  about  a  quarter  of  a  mile  below 
La  Tuille :  before  arriving  at  this  defile  the  river  is  crossed  by 
a  wooden  bridge,  and  a  safe  road  winds  up  and  round  the 
corner  of  a  lime  rock,  out  of  which  the  present  road  has  been 
cut :  this  was  made,  about  fifty  years  since,  to  avoid  the 
dangers  of  the  old  road,  which  passed  on  the  other  side  of 
the  torrent,  and  which  was  almost  annually  destroyed  by  the 

*  Distances  are  usually  reckoned  by  time  in  the  Alps. 


THE  LITTLE  SAINT  BERNARD.  1 1 

avalanches  which  fell  into  this  gulf  from  the  south-eastern 
base  of  the  Cramont.*  It  sometimes  happens,  that  the  snow 
accumulates  in  this  ravine  in  so  great  a  quantity,  that  it  re- 
mains nnmelted  during  the  year;  and  it  is  stated  by  Polybius, 
cap.  55,  that  this  unusual  circumstance  occurred  in  the  season 
of  Hannibal's  passage,  and  that  it  occasioned  a  day's  delay  and 
threat  loss  to  his  army,  from  the  men  and  beasts  of  burden 
falling  over  this  mass  of  snow,  or  sinking  through  it.f  The 
distance  of  this  gorge  from  the  encampment  on  the  summit, 
and  extent  of  site  liable  to  these  avalanches  and  accumulations 
of  snow,  agree  exactly  with  the  account  of  Polybius.  The 
author  of  this  work,  who  had  not  on  a  former  visit  to  the 
Little  Saint  Bernard,  in  1824,  seen  any  snow  in  this  ravine, 
found  a  large  mass  there  at  the  end  of  August  1826. 

The  road  from  this  ravine  continues  high  above  the  torrent, 
until  it  descends  rapidly  by  a  tourniquet  and  crosses  the  river 
near  La  Balme.  Below  this  place  the  valley  widens  a  little  ; 
but  near  the  descent  to  the  baths  of  St.  Didier  the  stream 
sinks  into  a  deep  abyss,  and  forces  its  way,  almost  in  darkness, 
through  a  tremendous  rift  in  the  mountain,  whence  it  escapes 
into  the  Val  d'Aosta.  The  road  on  the  left  bank  leaves  the 
river  so  far  beneath,  that  its  struggles  are  only  heard.  Fearful 
accidents  have  happened  here,  though  the  road  is  good  and 
there  is  no  appearance  of  danger  :  several  crosses,  the  chroni- 
cles of  death,  are  near,  to  solicit  prayers  for  the  repose  of  the 
souls  of  the  unfortunate,  whose  humble  memorials  are  their 
initials,  and  the  dates  of  the  accidents,  preceded  by  P  I,  or,  as 
it  is  sometimes  carved  on  the  cross,  Pent  ici. 

Few  scenes  in  the  Alps  are  more  magnificent  than  the  range 
of  Mont  Blanc,  seen  from  this  descent  to  Pre  St.  Didier ;  but 

*  Title  vignette. 

t  It  is  important  to  notice  the  statement  of  Polybius,  that  "  the  beasts  of  burden 
also,  when  they  endeavoured  to  rise  from  their  fall,  broke  through  the  surface  of  the 
snow,  and  remained  there  with  their  loads,  as  it  were  wedged  in."  This  could  only 
have  happened  in  a  situation  where,  as  in  this  ravine,  the  water  had  sub-melted  the 
snow  as  it  passed  beneath  ;  for  as  the  feet  found  no  support,  the  beasts  could  not 
extricate  themselves. 


12  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

the  finest  effect  under  which  the  author  ever  saw  it  was  by 
moonlight.  Nothing  can  he  imagined  more  beautiful  than 
the  "  Monarch  of  Mountains,"  and  his  vast  attendant  masses, 
seen  under  her  illumination  :  the  snow,  in  shadow,  was  so 
near  the  colour  of  the  sky,  that  its  form  could  not  he  distin- 
guished; whilst  the  part  which  was  lit  by  the  moon  was  sharply 
seen  against  the  dark  sky,  of  an  indescribably  pale  whiteness, 
apparently  suspended  in  air;  for  below  the  snow,  the  mountains 
could  not  he  perceived  in  the  haze  and  darkness. 

There  are  warm  springs  at  Pre  St.  Didier ;  the  baths  are 
frequented  by  the  Piedmontese  during  the  season :  the  visitors 
are  neither  so  numerous  nor  so  respectable  as  those  who 
establish  themselves  for  the  summer  at  the  mineral  springs  of 
Courmayenr,  a  town  about  a  league  distant,  at  the  head  of  the 
Val  d'Aosta.  From  the  baths,  Mont  Blanc  and  the  range  of 
the  Alps  which  closes  the  head  of  the  Val  d'Aosta  form  one 
of  the  finest  scenes  illustrative  of  this  pass.*  The  river  which 
descends  from  the  Little  Saint  Bernard  gushes  from  the  deep 
ravine  at  the  base  of  the  Mont  des  Bains,  and  soon  after  falls 
into  the  great  mass  of  water,  which,  flowing  from  its  source  in 
the  Lac  de  Combal,  and  having  collected  tribute  from  all  the 
eastern  glaciers  of  Mont  Blanc,  pursues  its  way  through  the 
Val  d'Aosta  to  join  the  Po  in  the  plains  of  Italy.  It  is  accom- 
panied by  a  carriage-road  through  the  valley,  from  Courmayeur 
to  Ivrea  in  the  plain. 

A  good  road  from  Pre  St.  Didier  joins  that  of  the  Val  d'Aosta, 
after  crossiug  the  Doire  by  an  excellent  bridge.  Thence  a 
rapid  descent  for  a  league  conducts  the  traveller  through  the 
town  of  Morges,  and  an  hour  lower  iu  the  valley,  to  the  town 
of  La  Salle.  This  part  of  the  valley  abounds  with  fine  scenes, 
and  the  picturesque  is  gi'eatly  aided  by  the  grand  and  massive 
forms  of  the  chestnut-trees,  whether  seen  as  proximate  objects, 
or  in  distant  forests  on  the  sides  of  the  mountains. 

Below  La  Salle  the  valley  closes  into  a  deep  defile,  and  the 

*  Plate  the  fifth. 


THE  LITTLE  SAINT  BERNARD.  13 

road  cut  out  of  the  rock  is  carried  high  on  the  right  hank  hy 
Fort  Roc,  a  place  admirably  adapted  for  the  defence  of  the 
passage :  deep  chasms  are  left  covered  only  hy  platforms,  which 
may  be  readily  removed,  and  the  road  thus  rendered  impass- 
able :  at  present,  strong  railings  or  walls  defend  the  traveller 
from  the  danger  of  falling  over  the  precipices  into  the  gulf 
below.    The  scenes  in  this  part  of  the  valley  are  very  wild  and 
grand,  particularly  on  looking  up  the  deep  ravine  to  where 
Mont  Blanc  closes  the  scene  Avith  a  magnificent  hack-ground.* 
From  Fort  Roc  the  road  rapidly  descends  to  Ivrogne,  be- 
yond which  the  valley  widens  ;'  the  road  continues  through  it 
to  Villeneuve,  and  at  a  distance  of  about  twenty  miles  from 
Pre  Saint  Didier  the  traveller  enters  the  city  of  Aosta. 

It  will  appear  extraordinary  to  any  person  travelling  by 
this  route,  particularly  if  he  be  acquainted  with  the  great  roads 
made  by  Napoleon  over  the  Simplon  and  Cenis,  that  this  pass 
should  have  been  allowed  to  remain  a  mule-road  from  Bourg 
Saint  Maurice  to  Pre  Saint  Didier.     The  Col  of  the  Little  Saint 
Bernard  is  not  much  higher  than  that  of  either  of  the  great 
passes  mentioned,  whilst  the  facilities  offered  by  this  route  to 
the  engineer  and  the  traveller  are  considerably  greater  than 
those  found  on  either  of  Buonaparte's  roads  into  Italy.     It  is 
said  that  Napoleon  had  directed  surveys  of  the  Little  Saint 
Bernard  to  be  made,  with  the  intention  of  constructing  a  great 
road  across  it.     In  the  time  of  the  Romans  it  was  made  a 
carriage-road  by  Augustus;  and  though  few  vestiges  of  the  old 
road  remain,  yet  the  ease  with  which  it  might  be  reconstructed 
may  be  inferred  from  the  facts,  that  a  column  of  6000  Austrians 
crossed  it  with  ten  pieces  of  cannon  in  1815,  and  the  author 
of  this  work  in  1824  had  a  light  cabriolet  taken  over  it  without 
dismounting,  f 

It  is  said  to  be  the  policy  of  the  government  of  Sardinia  to 
neo-lect  all  roads  which  do  not,  after  crossing  the  Alps,  neces- 

O 

*  Plate  the  sixth.. 

t  Saussure  says,"  speaking  of  the  Little  Saint  Bernard,  "  Ce  passage  des  Alps  est 

un  des  plus  facile  que  je  connoise." 


14  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

sarily  lead  to  Turin.  The  objection  does  not  apply  to  this, 
which  conducts  directly  to  the  capital  by  the  Val  d'Aosta; 
and  as  both  sides  of  the  Little  Saint  Bernard  are  within  the 
territory  governed  by  Sardinia,  the  subjects  of  this  state,  in 
the  event  of  the  pass  being  opened  by  a  good  road,  would  be 
the  people  chiefly  benefited :  there  are  already  excellent  roads 
from  Chamberry  to  St.  Maurice,  and  from  Courmayeur  to  Turin. 
A  diligence  goes  regularly  froni  Chamberry  to  Moutiers,  and 
every  variety  of  carnage  may  be  found  in  the  Val  d'Aosta. 

The  summit  of  this  mountain  and  its  approaches  are  free 
from  all  dangers  of  avalanches ;  and  the  unrivalled  beauties  of 
the  valleys  of  the  Isere  and  Aosta  would  induce  many  tra- 
vellers to  enter  Italy  by  this  route,  which  is  as  short  as  any 
other,  if  there  were  a  carriage-road  across  the  mountain.  But 
in  whatever  state  the  road  may  remain,  the  beauty  and  the 
interest  of  the  pass,  particularly  considered  as  the  route  of 
Hannibal,  will  induce  many  to  examine  it,  and  the  examination 
cannot  fail  to  be  highly  interesting.  Besides  the  concurrence 
with  the  ancient  itineraries,  other  evidence  of  the  agreement 
of  this  route  with  the  account  of  Polybius  (the  only  early 
author  upon  this  subject  that  can  be  trusted),  will  be  found 
during  its  course,  and  traditions  in  aid  of  these  extend  along 
the  whole  line  of  march. 

In  a  work  like  this,  intended  to  be  descriptive  rather  than 
historical,  it  is  impossible,  from  the  limit  proposed  to  the  text, 
to  enter  into  a  defence  of  the  opinion  which  the  author  feels 
himself  entitled  to  hold,  that  the  passage  of  Hannibal  was  by 
the  Little  Saint  Bernard.  He  has  read  every  work  upon  the 
subject  to  which  he  could  get  access,  and  traversed  the  Alps 
by  twenty -four  different  passes  into  Italy  :  these  passes  include 
every  route  by  which  the  various  theorists  have  led  the  Car- 
thaginian army,  and  all  by  which  it  was  possible  for  that  army 
to  have  crossed  the  Alps ;  and  these  researches  and  examina- 
tions have  induced  the  conviction,  that  the  Pass  of  the  Little 
Saint  Bernard  alone  is  that  by  which,  according  to  the  account 
of  Polybius,  Hannibal  led  his  army  into  Italy. 


FAS§    ©Hf   THE    2£©HT 


■ 


■      ■ 


3EH;s. 


ROUTE 


FROM 


TURIN   TO   GRENOBLE 


PASS  OF  THE  MONT  GENEVRE. 


There  are  two  roads  which  lead  from  Turin  to  the  pass  of 
the  Mont  Genevre ;  one  by  Susa  and  the  pass  of  Exilles,  the 
other  by  the  Val  Pragelas  and  the  Col  de  Sestriere.  By  either 
of  these  roads  the  traveller  may  arrive  at  Cesanne,  a  frontier 
village  of  Piedmont,  at  the  foot  of  the  Mont  Genevre,  whence 
he  is  led,  by  the  pass  of  this  mountain,  into  Dauphiny. 

The  approach  to  the  Val  Pragelas,  or  valley  of  the  Clusone, 
which  lies  south  by  west  of  Turin,  is  by  None  and  Pignerol, 
through  the  fertile  plains  of  the  Po,  and  over  an  excellent  but 
uninteresting  road.  Pignerol  is  a  town  which  has  frequently 
been  the  scene  of  contests  between  the  respective  sovereigns 
of  France  and  Piedmont.  In  1630  it  was  taken  by  the  army 
of  Louis  XIIL,  which  was  commanded  by  Cardinal  Richelieu 
in  person :  it  continued  attached  to  the  crown  of  France  for 
many  years ;  but  was  restored  by  treaty  to  Victor  Amadeus  II. 
after  its  fortifications  had  been  destroyed.*     The  situation  of 

*  Pignerol  will  also  be  remembered  as  the  scene  of  the  early  imprisonment  of 
the  Man  with  the  Iron  Hash,  whose  fate  is  so  well  known.  Recent  investigations 
make  it  appear  that  he  was  one  Mathioli,  a  Bolognese,  who  was  secretary  of  state  to 
the  Duke  of  Mantua.  In  utter  violation  of  the  law  of  nations,  he  was  entrapped  and 
imprisoned  for  life,  to  satisfy  the  reckless  vengeance  of  Louis  XTV. 

NO.  II. 


16  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

Pignerol  was  very  important,  as  it  masqued  the  debouehe  01 
several  valleys  which  descend  from  the  Alps  :  some  of  these 
valleys  were  defended  on  the  frontiers  by  forts,  so  situated  that 
the  strength  of  their  natural  positions  gave  them  great  military 
advantages;  many  of  them  are  now  destroyed,  but  the  Val 
Pragelas  is  still  guarded  by  the  Fort  of  Fenestrelles. 

The  entrance  to  the  Val  Pragelas,*  at  a  short  distance 
from  Pignerol,  is  very  beautiful ;  soon,  however,  the  plains 
of  Piedmont,  towards  the  south,  bounded  by  the  Maritime 
Alps  and  Monte  Yiso,  are  shut  out,  by  the  lower  ranges  of 
the  hills,  from  the  view  of  the  traveller,  as  he  ascends  by  a 
road  on  the  left  bank  of  the  river  Clusone,  which  flows 
through  the  Val  Pragelas:  this  road  has  been  much  neg- 
lected. During  the  time  that  the  States  of  Sardinia  were 
departments  of  France,  Napoleon  ordered  a  road  of  the  first 
class  to  be  constructed  through  this  valley,  which  should 
communicate  with  the  Mont  Genevre  by  the  Col  de  Sestriere; 
but,  since  the  restoration  of  Piedmont  to  the  King  of  Sar- 
dinia, even  what  had  been  accomplished  has  been  entirely 
neglected,  and  in  a  few  years  the  road  will  become  impass- 
able for  any  sort  of  carriage.  By  keeping  the  other  road 
from  Cesanne,  through  Susa,  to  Turin,  in  better  travelling 
condition,  the  government  of  Sardinia  induces  travellers 
from  the  Mont  Genevre  to  pass  that  way  and  visit  Turin, 
which  might  have  been  avoided  by  the  Val  Pragelas,  and 
the  journey  to  Genoa  and  southern  Italy  made  much 
shorter. 

The  Val  Pragelas  is,  in  some  places,  very  confined ;  huge 
rocks  overhang  the  road,  which  shares  a  narrow  way  with 
the  bed  of  the  Clusone,  as  this  river  struggles  through  the 
gorges  of  the  valley  to  join  the  Po  in  the  plains. 

The    river    Clusone    is    one    of  the    boundaries    of  the 


*  At  a  short  distance  from  the  entrance  there  are  quarries  of  gneiss  worked, 
where  the  stones  are  obtained  and  prepared  with  which  they  are  constructing  a  new 
bridge  across  the  Po,  at  Turin. 


THE  MONT  GEXEVRE.  17 

Vaudois,*  or  Protestant  communities  of  Piedmont :  on  its  left 
bank  are  two  of  their  churches,  St.  Germain's  and  Pomaret, 

which  is  at  the  entrance  of  the  Valley  of  St.  Martin,  opposite 
Perouse. 

The  first  appearance  of  the  Fort  of  Fenestrelles  is  very 
striking:  its  white  lines  and  parapets  skirt  the  ridge  of  the 
mountain,  and  descend  into  the  valley  in  an  almost  unbroken 
series  of  defences,  commanding  and  impregnable.  The  fort,t 
as  the  traveller  approaches  it,  is  very  fine,  though  much  of 
its  extent  is  concealed,  on  the  Italian  side,  by  the  rocks  that 
overhang  a  road  which  has  been  cut  out  of  the  side  of  the 
mountain,  and  which  leads,  bv  a  defile  immediately  beneath 
the  fort,  to  the  village  of  Fenestrelles. 

The  fort,  from  the  French  side  of  the  defile,  has  an  ap- 
pearance of  prodigious  strength.  At  present  it  is  employed 
as  a  state  prison,  where  Carbonari,  who  have  struggled  for 
liberty,  and  priests  who  have  been  guilty  of  great  crimes,  are 
confined  together;  the  former  for  security,  the  latter  for 
protection  against  public  vengeance.^  Above  Fenestrelles 
the  valley  again  expands ;  the  road  ascends  rapidly,  and 
winds  along  the  brink  of  a  precipice  nearly  two  miles :  deep 
pits,  which  are  never  filled  up,  and  large  stones,  allowed  to 
remain  in  the  road  unless  removed  by  the  peasants  when 
their  chars  cannot  otherwise  pass,  render  this  part  of  the 
route,  which  was  nearly  completed  by  Napoleon,  and  was 
once  in  excellent  condition,  almost  impassable. 

Soon  after  leaving  Traverse,  the  road  winds  up  to  the  Col 
de  Sestriere :    the  plain  of  the  Col  is  about  two  miles  long, 


*  They  will  be  particularly  noticed  in  the  Pass  of  the  Col  de  Croix. 

t  First  Plate. 

X  The  horrible  outrage  and  murder  committed  by  Mingrat,  the  cure  of  St.  Quen- 
tin's,  in  Dauphiny,  is  still  fresh  in  the  memory  of  all  who  have  heard  the  tale  : 
he  fled  from  justice  into  Savoy,  and  was  placed  by  the  Sardinian  government,  for 
protection,  in  the  Fort  of  Fenestrelles.  He  was  condemned  to  death  in  France,  but 
escaped  into  the  States  of  Sardinia,  where  the  clergy  never  suffer  publicly  for  their 
crimes. 

NO.  II.  D 


18  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

and  rich  in  mountain  pasturage;  on  it  are  numerous  chalets, 
where  butter  and  cheese  are  prepared  during  the  summer: 
the  scene  froin  the  Col  is  very  fine.  The  descent  to  Cesanne 
from  the  village  of  Champlas  is  over  a  part  of  the  road  which 
was  admirably  constructed,  hut  the  Sardinian  government  has 
suffered  it  to  fall  into  decay. 

Cesanne  is  situated  at  the  eastern  base  of  the  Mont  Ge- 
nevre, and  is  distant  from  Susa  about  twenty-two  miles  :  a 
tolerable  road  leads  to  this  place  by  the  valley  of  the  Doira- 
Susana  through  Onlx,  Salbertrand,  and  Exilles.  The  greater 
facilities  of  communication  with  the  pass  of  the  Mont  Genevre, 
by  way  of  Susa,  from  Turin,  induced  the  sovereigns  of  Pied- 
mont to  aid  the  natural  defences  of  the  road  by  strong 
fortifications,  which  guard  the  valley  at  the  base  of  the  Col 
d'Asiette,  near  Exilles :  this  spot  has  been  rendered  memo- 
rable by  the  fate  of  the  Comte  de  Belle-isle,  who  fell  here 
on  the  19th  of  July,  1747:  his  desperate  valour,  which  had 
been  excited  by  the  pi-omise  of  a  baton  de  marechal  of  France, 
if  he  succeeded  in  forcing  the  pass,  was  checked,  after  he 
had  received  many  severe  wounds,  by  a  coup  de  grace  from  a 
grenadier  of  the  regiment  of  Montserrat. 

At  Cesanne  the  accommodations  are  wretched  ;  but  the 
kindness  and  civility  offered  at  an  inn  kept  by  Eigat*  will 
compensate  for  the  want  of  some  comforts.  The  poor  host 
complained  bitterly  of  his  suffering  from  the  change  of  go- 
vernment: under  the  French,  the  entire  taxation  to  which  he 
was  liable  was  fifty  francs:  the  Sardinian  government  now 
extorts  from  him  two  hundred  for  his  house,  and  one  hundred 
for  his  goods. 

From  Cesanne  a  fine  road  leads,  in  two  hours,  to  the  plain 
on  the  Mont  Genevre,  by  what  is  termed  Le  Tourniquet,  which 
winds  up  the  steep  side  of  the  mountain,  whence  the  scene  of 


*  The  inns  upon  this  road  are  not  distinguished  by  signs,  but  by  the  name  of  the 
host,  as  chez  Rigat. 


THE  MONT  GENEVRE.  19 

the  Col  de  Sestriere  across  the  valley,  and  the  deep  mad 
beneath,  are  striking.*  In  some  parts  of  the  road,  where 
the  slope  is  considerable  and  the  soil  soft,  the  way  is  ren- 
dered secure  by  pine-trees,  which  are  driven  in,  or  placed 
horizontally,  and  at  right  angles  with  the  road;  these  are 
firmly  propped  and  wedged  with  stones  and  earth,  and  their 
outer  extremity  is  guarded  by  a  strong  railing. 

The  Col  of  the  Mont  Genevre  is  a  plain  of  nearly  two 
miles  in  length,  and  is  the  lowest  of  all  the  passes  across 
the  Alps,  its  height  being  5850  feet  above  the  level  of  the 
Mediterranean  :  if  the  only  obstacle  this  way  had  been  the 
ridge  of  the  Mont  Genevre,  there  can  be  little  doubt  that  this 
would  have  been  the  great  line  of  intercourse  between  France 
and  Italy;  but  the  secondary  Alpine  ranges  of  the  Sestriere 
in  Piedmont,  and  the  Lautaret  in  France,  are  difficulties  in 
the  way  of  its  becoming  a  great  line  of  communication,  unless 
a  second  Xapoleon  should  arise  to  realise  the  splendid  and 
liberal  contemplations  of  the  first.  The  summit  of  the  pass- 
age is  much  sheltered  by  the  higher  mountains  which  bound 
it,  and  has  a  direction  nearly  east  and  west ;  it  is  cultivated 
even  at  the  greatest  elevation  of  the  pass,  and  barley  is  grown 
there ;  the  surrounding  valleys  are  also  fertde :  it  is  probable 
that  these  advantages  induced  the  Gauls  to  prefer  this  route 
in  then-  descents  into  Italy.  Tradition  reports  that  they  emi- 
grated under  Bellovesus  by  this  pass,  during  the  reign  of  Tar- 
quin  the  Elder.  These  Gauls  were  from  Gallia  Celtica,  which 
comprehended  all  the  country  between  the  Seine,  the  Ga- 
ronne, and  these  Alps;  they  drove  out  the  ancient  possessors 
of  Piedmont,  and  established  themselves  in  the  extensive  tract 
known  to  the  Romans  as  Gallia  Cisalpiua. 

The  earliest  account  we  have  of  the  acquaintance  of  the 
Romans  with  this  route  is  given  by  Caesar,  who,  when  he 
crossed  the  Alps  to  check  a  formidable  inroad  of  the  Helvetii 
into  Gaul,  appears  to  have  passed  the  Mont  Genevre  with  at 

*  Second  Plate. 


20  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

least  a  part  of  his  army ;  *  but  the  account  given  by  him  is 
so  obscure,  that  nothing  conclusive  can  be  said  upon  it.  The 
profound  researches,  however,  of  D'Anville  have  thrown  some 
light  upon  the  subject,  and  shown  that  Ca?sar's  approach  to 
the  Mont  Genevre  was  by  the  Yal  Pragelas,  and  the  Col  de 
Sestriere ;  as  the  passage  by  Exilles  lay  through  the  heart  of 
the  territory  of  an  active  enemy,  Donnus,  whose  capital  was 
Snsa.  Augustus  conciliated  this  Alpine  chieftain  with  the  title 
of  king,  and  made  his  son  Cottius  a  prefect,  with  the  guardian- 
ship of  these  Alps,  to  which  his  name  was  given. 

The  Cottian  Alps  lie  between  the  Mont  Iseran  and  the 
Monte  Viso.  An  inscription  upon  a  triumphal  arch  at  Susa, 
raised  by  Cottius  in  honour  of  Augustus,  furnishes  some  inter- 
esting historical  information.  Vestiges  of  Roman  works  may 
be  traced  on  the  pass  of  the  Mont  Genevre :  Cottius  exerted 
himself  to  render  the  road  practicable,  and  the  troops  of 
Agrippa  were  also  employed  upon  it.t 

At  the  Bourg  Mont  Genevre,  a  village  on  the  plain  of  the 
mountain,  columns,  inscriptions,  &c,  of  Roman  origin,  have 
been  found.  The  archives  of  this  place  were  burnt  when 
Victor  Amadeus  descended,  in  1708,  by  this  pass,  to  Briancon 
and  the  Embrunnais.  There  is  no  part  of  the  frontier  of 
France  so  immediately  in  contact,  and  having  equal  facility  of 
intercourse  with  Piedmont,  as  this  part  of  Dauphiny ;  and  the 
important  pass  of  the  Mont  Genevre  J  is,  therefore,  associated 
with  many  of  the  great  military  events  which  arose  from  the 

*  The  main  body,  it  is  believed,  passed  the  great  chain  by  the  Mons  Rudus  {Col  du 
Rae),  from  the  Valley  of  Oulx  to  Modanne,  in  the  Maurienne. 

f  A  part  of  the  army  of  Charlemagne,  in  his  descent  into  Italy,  appears  to  have 
entered  by  the  Mont  Genevre  ;  but  the  account  which  leads  to  this  opinion  is  very 
unsatisfactory. 

X  In  a  cm-ious  old  memoir  of  the  journey  of  the  Prince  of  Conde  into  Italy,  pub- 
lished in  Paris,  1686,  mention  is  made  of  his  passage  of  the  Mont  Genevre.  "  Le 
Mardy  dix-huictieine  (d'Octobre)  disner  a  Ours,  passe  le  Mont  Genevre  a  la  ramasse 
[i.e.  in  a  sort  of  sledge],  veu  Essilles  apres  disner  fort  chasteau  :  quitte  la  France,  entre 
dans  le  Piedmont,  a  une  petite  crois,  proche  Iallasse  village,  la  faut  montrer  le  certificat 
de  la  saute,  coucher  a  Susa,  premiere  ville  du  Piedmont."  It  is  difficult  to  understand 
the  situation  of  Ours  mentioned  in  this  quotation,  unless  the  prince  descended  by  the 
Col  d'Ours  to  the  valley  of  Exilles :  the  passage  is  obscure. 


ttr*w.  tyV 


see: 


THE  MONT  GEXEVRE.  21 

contests  of  France  and  Piedmont,  from  the  war  of  1580,  when 
Charles  Emmanuel  invaded  the  Marquisate  of  Saluces,  and 
gained  an  Alpine  frontier  to  his  capital,  Turin,  down  to  the 
wars  of  the  Pragmatic  Sanction,  the  Revolution,  and  the 
events  of  1814.* 

The  road  across  the  Mont  Genevre  was  only  a  mule-path 
prior  to  1802,  when  the  communes  of  the  Brianconnais,  assisted 
by  the  soldiers  of  the  garrison  of  Briaucon,  at  the  call  of  the 
sub-prefect,  hegan  the  construction  of  the  present  magnificent 
road,  thirty  feet  wide,  across  the  mountain,  from  Briaucon  to 
Cesanne,  about  eight  miles :  it  was  opened  on  the  12th  of  April, 
1804  ;  and  all  that  portion  which  is  within  the  present  French 
territory  is  still  in  excellent  preservation.  To  commemorate 
the  opening  of  this  road,  which  the  government  named  La 
Route  fVEspagne  en  Italie,  an  obelisk,  sixty-five  feet  high,  was 
raised,  in  1807,  on  the  highest  part  of  the  passage,  on  the  line 
of  demarcation  between  France  and  Piedmont  :f  it  is  simple  in 
form,  and  built  of  limestones  of  large  dimensions.  The  fol- 
lowing inscriptions  were  composed  by  the  Institute,  and  placed 
on  the  obelisk,  as  recorded  by  Ladoucette :  + 

XEAPOLEOXI  •  DIP  ■  AUG. 

ITALORUM  •  REGI, 

QUOD  •  GALLIIS  ■  VIETUTE  ■  SUA  ■  RESTTTUTTS 

EARUMQ  ■  FIXIBUS  ■  PROPAGATIS, 

UT  •  IMPERI  •  ACCESSUM 

VIATORIBUS  •  LATIOREM 

COMMERCES  ■  FACILIOREM  ■  REDDERET, 

YIAM  •  PER  •  MONTES  ■  TRICORIORUM 

ET  •  ALPES  •  COTTIAS 

APERUERIT  •  MUXIYERrT  ■  STRAVERIT, 

ORDO  ■  ET  •  POPDLUS 

PROYIXCLE  •  ALPLX.E  ■  SUPERIORIS 

PROYTDEXTISSIMO  •  PRLXCLPL 

A.  MDCCCVn.  ClTR.tXTE  J.  C.  F.  LADOUCETTE  PR.EFECTO. 

*  See  "  Memoirs  of  the  Duke  of  Berwick ;"  "  Guerre  des  Alpes,  ou  Campagne  de 
1744.  par  le  Marquis  de  St.  Simon  ;"  "Histoire  Militaire  du  Piedmont,  par  le  Compte 
Alexandre  de  Saluces;"  and  the  "Histoire  Militaire  des  Francjais — Guerres  d'ltalie, 
Campagne  des  Alpes." 

t  Vignette  at  the  end. 

J  "  Histoire,  Antiquites,  etc.  des  Alpes,  par  un  ancien  Prefet." 


22  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

On  the  opposite    face    of  the    obelisk  was  the  following 
inscription : — 

NAPOLEON  LE  GRAND, 

EMPEREUR  ET  ROI, 

RESTAURATEUR  DE  LA  FRANCE, 

A  FAIT  OUVRIR  CETTE  ROUTE, 

AU  TRAVERS  DU  MONT  GENEVRE, 

PENDANT  QUTL  TRIOMPHAIT  DE  SES  ENNEMIS 

SUR  LA  VISTULE  ET  SUR  L'ODER. 


J.  C.  F.  LADOUCETTE,  PREFET, 

ET  LE  CONSEEL  GENERAL  DU  DEPARTEMENT, 

OXT  COXSACRE  CE  TEMOIGXAGE 

DE  LEUR  RECOXXAISSAXCE. 

1807. 


A  translation,  in  Spanish  and  Italian,  of  the  Latin  inscrip- 
tion, was  placed  on  the  two  other  faces  of  the  obelisk. 

A  grand  fete  was  given  on  the  plain  of  the  mountain,  when 
the  inauguration  of  the  obelisk  was  celebrated ;  upon  which 
occasion  the  prefect  of  the  department  caused  a  medal  to  be 
struck,  in  commemoration  of  the  event. 

In  1815  an  Austrio-Sardinian  army,  which  entered  France 
by  this  route,  allowed  the  obelisk  to  remain,  but  dug  out  the 
tablets,  and  destroyed  the  inscriptions,  which  had  been  exe- 
cuted at  Turin  upon  slabs  of  black  marble  of  Como  ;  each 
tablet  a  single  piece  of  great  weight.  The  same  spirit  which 
prompted  the  destruction  of  the  tablets,  led  to  the  removal 
of  Napoleon's  name  from  a  fountain  on  the  road,  lest  some 
thirsty  toaveller  should  bless  his  memory. 

Near  the  obelisk,  and  springing  almost  from  a  common 
source,  the  rivers  Doira-Susana  and  Durance  take  their  rise  ; 
the  former  flowing  into  the  Po  and  Adriatic,  the  latter  into  the 
Rhone  and  Mediterranean. 

In  1340,  Humbert  II.,  Prince  of  Briancon,  founded  hospi- 
tals, or  places  of  refuge,  on  the  Mont  Genevre,  and  some 
other  situations  in  the  high  Alps,  for  the  protection  of  travel- 
lers ;   that   on   the   Mont    Genevre  was  in  the  midst  of  the 


THE  MONT  GENEVRE.  23 

Bourg,  but  it  bad  fallen  to  ruin,  and,  in  1807,  tbe  Frencb 
government  determined  to  establish  anotber;  from  some  unex- 
plained causes,  however,  it  has  hitherto  been  delayed  ;  yet  the 
following  inscription  for  it  was  prepared  by  the  Institute : — 

NEAPOLEONIS  •  AUG  •  PROVIDENTIA 

HOSPITIO  •  GEXEVRENSI 

CONDITO 

CARITATIS  •  ERGA  ■  PEREGRPNANTES 

OFFICIA  •  TRAPENSIBUS  ■  EXERCENDA 

RESTITUIT 

ANNO  MDCCCVH. 

Soon  after  leaving  tbe  Bourg  Mont  Genevre,  the  road 
descends  by  a  grand  tourniquet;  and,  deep  and  distant  in  the 
valley,  Briancon  opens  to  tbe  view  of  the  traveller,  with  its 
numerous  forts,  in  a  magnificent  landscape  surrounded  by 
lofty  mountains.  Tbe  fine  road  by  wbich  the  town  is  ap- 
proached, on  tbe  right  bank  of  tbe  Durance,  is  cut  out  of  the 
rock  that  overhangs  the  deep  ravine  of  the  river,  across  which 
a  bridge  of  a  single  arch  is  thrown,  of  great  height,  and  one 
hundred  and  twenty  feet  span:  by  this  the  town  communi- 
cates with  the  forts,  which  rise  above  each  other  on  tbe  left 
of  the  Durance,  to  tbe  Redoute  de  I'lnfernet,  on  tbe  summit  of 
a  mountain.  The  whole  presents  a  series  of  defences  ecpial 
to  tbe  local,  and  surpassing  the  military,  strength  of  the 
Fenestrelles. 

Briancon  is  a  place  of  great  antiquity,  mentioned  by 
Strabo,  Ptolemy,  and  Pliny,  tbe  last  of  whom  rather  strangely 
attributes  its  foundation  to  some  Greeks  who  were  chased 
from  the  borders  of  the  Lake  of  Como  ;  but,  however  obscure 
the  origin  of  Briancon  may  be,  the  bas-reliefs  and  medals  of 
the  emperors  found  there  attest  its  early  importance.  Unfor- 
tunately, this  place  was  burnt  in  the  savage  irruption  of  the 
Piedmontese,  under  Victor  Amadeus,  in  1692,  when  its 
archives  were  destroyed,  and  with  them  the  civil  and  military 
history  of  the  Cottian  Alps. 

From  Briancon,  the  Route  d'Espagne  en  Italie  descends, 


24  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

by  the  Durance,  to  Embrun  and  Gap;  but  a  shorter  road  to 
Grenoble,  by  forty-five  miles,  lies  through  the  valleys  of  the 
Guisanne  and  the  Romanche:  it  is  at  present  only  practicable 
for  mules.  This  road  was  known  to  the  Eomans ;  some  ves- 
tiges of  their  works  remain,  and  their  stations  upon  the  route 
have  been  traced  by  D'Anville. 

From  the  entrance  to  the  valley  of  the  Guisanne,*  the 
view  of  the  town  and  forts  of  Briancon,  in  the  rich  valley  of 
the  Durance,  which  spreads  out  below  the  town,  studded  with 
woods  and  villages,  and  bounded  by  lofty  mountains,  is  very 
beautiful :  the  valley  of  the  Durance  disappears  as  that  of  the 
Guisanne  is  ascended,  but  the  forts  of  Briancon  continue  in 
si°ht  even  to  Monestier,  where  they  seem  to  be  backed  by 
the  lofty  range  of  the  Alps,  of  which  Monte  Viso  is  a  grand 
feature,  as  it  rises  high  above  Briancon,  and  closes  the  scene. 
The  valley  of  the  Guisanne  is  well  cultivated  and  productive ; 
it  abounds  with  villages,  of  which  St.  Chaffrey  and  La  Salle 
are  the  principal.  About  six  miles  from  Briancon  is  Monestier, 
the  ancient  Stabadio  ;  its  hot  and  mineral  springs  are  not 
much  frequented ;  the  temperature  of  the  water  is  108°  of 
Fahrenheit.  Above  Monestier  the  valley  becomes  sterile. 
The  next  village,  Le  Casset,  is  near  the  foot  of  the  Glacier  de 
Lasciale,  which  descends  from  the  Mont  d' Archies:  here  the 
larch  is  stunted  in  its  growth,  yet  a  little  barley  is  cultivated  ; 
and,  where  the  poor  but  industrious  peasant  can  irrigate,  a 
rank  grass  springs  up,  which  is  carefully  cut  and  stored  for 
the  wintei',  as  food  and  fodder  for  the  cattle ;  a  prudent  eco- 
nomy where  the  snow  lies  in  the  valley  usually  eight  months 
in  the  year.  Even  in  the  higher  and  more  sterile  part  of  the 
valley,  where  any  larger  vegetation  than  that  of  the  rhodo- 
dendron has  ceased,  there  are  villages  to  be  found.t     At  the 


*  Third  Plate. 

t  At  one  of  these,  La  Lauzet,  the  author  stopped  for  refreshment :  roast  and  boiled 
mutton,  bread,  butter,  cheese,  eggs,  milk,  and  wine,  were  placed  before  him  ;  he,  his 
guide,  and  mule,  were  abundantly  fed  for  thirteen  sous, — sevenpence  halfpenny. 


THE  MOST  GENEVKE.  25 

last  hamlet  of  the  valley,  La  Madelaine,  a  small  hospice  is 
established,  and  some  custom-house  officers  are  placed  there 
to  guard  the  smugglers'  paths,  which  lead  from  this  part  of 
the  valley  into  Piedmont.  Soon  after  leaving  this  village,  the 
ascent  of  the  Lautaret  hecomes  very  rapid,  and  the  savage 
sterility  of  the  surrounding  scene  is  very  fine  and  impressive.* 
Across  a  deep  ravine,  the  river  Guisanne  is  seen  tumbling 
down  the  mountains  from  its  source  in  the  distant  glacier  of 
Mont  d'Arcines,  and  thence  flowing  on  to  the  Durance, 
through  the  narrow  valley  which  is  hounded  by  rugged  and 
pinnacled  mountains. 

The  Col  de  Lautaret,  distant  about  fourteen  miles  from 
Briancon,  is  remarkable  as  a  barrier  between  high  ranges  of 
mountains  blocking  up  and  separating  the  valleys  of  the 
Guisanne  and  the  Eomauche:  it  is  nearly  five  hunched  feet 
higher  than  the  Mont  Genevre,  and  has  no  plain  on  its 
summit,  the  greatest  extent  of  level  ground  being  not  more 
than  fifty  yards :  the  crest  of  the  passage  is  covered  with 
a  delicious  green  sward,  which  is  enamelled  with  rare  and 
beautiful  Alpine  flowers,  —  a  land  of  Goshen  amidst  the  scene 
which  storms  and  avalanches  have  desolated. f  On  the  Col 
de  Lautaret  there  yet  remains  one  of  the  maisons  hospitalieres, 
founded  by  Humbert  II., J  which  was  undergoing  repair  when 
the  author  passed  the  mountains. 

The  scenes  from  the  descent  towards  the  Val  Romanche 
are  scarcely  less  savage  than  those  on  the  side  of  the 
Guisanne ;  the  immense  glacier  of  Tabuchet,  from  which  the 
river  Romanche  issues,  presents  itself  on  the  left;  after  an 
hour's  descent,  the  road  continues  by  the  course  of  the  river 
tkroush  the  valley.  A  little  bevond  the  village  of  Yillard 
d'Arene,  the  traveller  descends  abruptly  to  a  part  of  the  road 


*  Fourth  Plate. 

t  Ladoucette  says.  a  La  niontagne  pastorale  du  Lautaret  est  la  plus  belle  des 
Hautes-Alpes."  %  See  page  8. 

XO.  III.  E 


W2G  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

where  the  vast  overhanging  rocks  close  in,  apparently,  without 
leaving  a  sufficient  opening  for  the  escape  of  the  waters  of  the 
river  Romanche,  which  fall  into  a  deep  and  dark  defile  :*  the 
path  lies  beneath  rocks  which  threaten  to  overwhelm  the 
traveller;  and  the  effect  of  the  scene  and  situation  upon  his 
feelings  as  he  passes  opposite  the  cataract  cannot  be  de- 
scribed. Thence  the  road  ascends  to  a  fearful  height  above 
the  river,  which  is  heard  to  roar  below,  keeping  the  mind 
alive  to  a  sense  of  danger,  until  the  scene  opens  upon  the 
little  territory  of  La  Grave,  which  is  magnificent.  Mont 
Lens  is  seen  in  front,  its  sides  covered  with  glaciers,  and  its 
base  sinking  deep  into  the  gorge,  where  vast  protruding 
masses  intersect  each  other,  and  give  only  a  slight  and 
occasional  glimpse  of  the  foaming  river  which  forces  its  way 
among  them.f  After  descending  by  a  narrow  path,  and 
passing  under  an  enormous  mass  of  slate  rock,  the  village 
of  La  Grave  is  seen  at  a  little  distance  on  a  hill.  Chez  Boi, 
the  only  inn,  offers  wretched  accommodation  for  sleeping,  but 
the  wine  and  refreshments  are  excellent.!  At  La  Grave  the 
weather  is  so  severe  in  winter,  that  in  the  event  of  a  death  in 
the  village  at  that  season,  the  inhabitants  cannot  make  a  grave 
during  the  frost,  but  suspend  the  corpse  in  a  granary,  or  place 
it  on  the  roof  of  a  house,  until  the  returning  spring. 

From  La  Grave  the  road  descends  to  the  Combe  of 
.Malval,  and  is  continued  through  a  deep  ravine  along  the 
course  of  the  river;  the  road  is  difficult  and  rugged;  rocks 
of  enormous  size,  which  have  fallen  from  above,  strew  the 
valley,  whose  steep  sides  are  formed  hx  the  debris  of  the 
mountains  which  rise  from  it  perpendicularly,  covered  with 


*  Title  vignette. 

t  The  author  made  the  passage  from  Villard  d'Arene  to  La  Grave  by  moonlight, 
which  greatly  increased  the  depth  and  effect  of  the  shadows. 

\  At  least  they  were  in  1824  ;  but  when  the  author  repassed  the  Val  Romanche, 
in  1828,  he  could  not  procure  chez  Boi  even  good  bread.  The  baker  had  not  ascended 
the  valley  that  day  ;  and  no  other  bread  was  to  be  had  than  that  which  the  peasants 
use,  which  is  so  hard,  that  a  hatchet  always  lies  on  the  table  to  cut  it  into  morsels. 


THE  MONT  GENEVRE.  27 

glaciers ;  some  of  these  overhang  the  valley,  and  torrents 
stream  from  them  a  thousand  feet   down  the  precipices,  to 

swell  the  Romanche.  Near  La  Dauphine,  a  fine  cataract, 
called  La  Pucelle,  pours  itself  into  the  valley,  apparently 
from  the  summit  of  the  mountain,  and  adds  a  feature  of 
beauty  to  the  scene,  whilst  its  wildness  is  increased  by  the 
stone  huts  or  chalets  reared  by  the  herdsmen  against  the 
sheltered  sides  of  the  immense  blocks  which  have  rolled  into 
the  valley.* 

Not  far  below  La  Dauphine,  the  traveller  arrives  at  a 
gallery  cut  through  a  rock,  close  to  the  river,  the  last  finished 
portion  of  a  great  road  which  Napoleon  had  ordered  to  be 
ci  instructed  through  these  wild  and  secluded  valleys,  from 
Grenoble  to  Brianeon;  the  gallery  is  about  eighty  paces  long, 
and  its  situation  bears  some  resemblance  to  that  of  Iselle  on 
the  route  of  the  Simplon.  The  road  thence  continues  along 
the  left  bank  of  the  river:  the  sides  of  the  hills  are  well 
wooded:  chestnut  and  walnut  trees  abound,  and  the  little 
church  of  Frenev,  half-way  up  the  hill  on  the  right  bank, 
peeping  out  from  among  the  trees,  and  farms,  and  cottages, 
with  which  the  hills  are  uow  speckled,  forcibly  contrast  this 
delightful  spot  with  the  savage  descent  to  it,  and  brings  the 
traveller  again  to  society  and  its  associations.  But  a  little 
below  Frenev,  the  scene  again  changes,  the  gorge  of  Malval 
commences,  and  the  road,  which  caunot  be  led  through  the 
dark  defile,  rises  high  on  the  mountain  side,  and  is  carried 
through  a  hard  schistose  rock,  which  has  been  excavated  two 
hundred  and  forty  long  paces ;  this  length  exceeds  that  of  the 
great  gallery  of  Gondo,  in  the  Simplon,  by  nearly  two 
hundred  feet :  there  are  three  lateral  openings  through  the 
rock,  to  light  the  passage,  and  the  look-out  from  these  upon 
the  dark  abyss,  through  which  the  Romanche  foams  its  way 
at  the  depth  of  five  hundred  feet,  is  appalling :  after  leaving 

*  Fifth  Plate. 


28  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

the  great  gallery,  the  road  still  rises,  and  the  traveller  finds 
himself  hundreds  of  feet  above  and  below  precipices.  The 
road  shortly  after  turns  oft'  on  the  left  through  Mondelent,  a 
romantic  village,  the  name  of  which  is  evidently  derived  from 
Mont  Lens  ;  it  is  situate  at  the  base  of  this  mountain,  on 
the  site  of  the  ancient  Mellosedum;  thence,  descending  by 
a  portion  of  the  new  road  never  finished,  and  now,  from 
neglect,  difficult  to  pass,  the  traveller  again  reaches  the  bed  of 
the  Romanche,  near  its  confluence  with  the  river  Vencon; 
after  pursuing  its  course  for  half  a  mile,  it  is  crossed  on  a 
wooden  bridge,  and  another  hour  brings  the  traveller  to 
Bourg  d'Oysans  (Catorissium).  The  plain  of  Bourg  d'Oysans 
is  surrounded  by  high  and  rugged  mountains,  and  bears 
strong  evidence  of  having  formerly,  and  at  no  very  distant 
period,  been  a  lake;  this  was  formed  in  the  11th  century  by 
the  debris  of  the  mountains  brought  down  by  torrents,  and 
forming  an  embankment  in  the  Combe  de  Gavet,  near  the 
entrance  of  the  plain  of  Bourg  d'Oysans.  The  plain  was 
covered  for  two  centuries  by  the  waters  of  the  lake,  to  the 
depth  of  from  60  to  80  feet;  but  in  September  1229,  the 
embankment  was  forced  by  the  pressure  of  the  water,  which 
rushed  through  the  valleys  of  the  Romanche,  the  Drac,  and 
the  Isere,  and  destroyed  all  the  villages  in  its  way;  —  it  sub- 
merged, for  a  time,  even  part  of  the  city  of  Grenoble,  and  was 
extensively  destructive  of  lives  and  property. 

In  the  scenery  around  Bourg  d'Oysans,  the  grandest 
feature  is  Mont  Lens,  over  a  part  of  which  the  old  Roman 
road  passed,  of  which  many  traces  may  be  distinctly  seen; 
but  it  must  at  all  times  have  been  a  passage  of  considerable 
difficulty,  as  it  rises  one  thousand  feet  higher  than  any  part  of 
the  road  by  the  Gorge  of  Malval.  The  grand  undertaking  of 
opening  a  road  from  Grenoble  to  Briancon  by  the  Col  de 
Lautaret,  was  decreed  by  Buonaparte  on  the  17th  Feb.  1804, 
and  is  one  of  the  numerous  and  important  services  which  he 
rendered  to  France,  without  the  prospect  of  employing  it  for 


THE  MONT  GEXEVBE.  29 

military  purposes  :  the  entire  length  of  the  proposed  route 
from  Grenoble  to  Briancon  is  about  fifty  miles. 

Below  Bourg  d'Oysans,  for  about  two  leagues,  the  valley 
is  highly  cultivated,  and  its  produce  is  considerable  ;  but  froin 
the  point  at  which  there  is  a  turn  in  the  valley,  to  Chichilane, 
it  narrows  again  to  a  glen,  which  has  much  beauty  in  its 
character ;  it  is  richly  wooded,  and  the  industry  of  the 
inhabitants  has  been  employed  upon  every  spot  where  a  small 
return  for  labour  could  be  sou°;ht  :  manv  waterfalls  are 
passed,  which  at  an  early  hour  are  finely  tinted  with  irises, 
whose  bows  spread  then*  beautiful  hues  over  the  falls,  with 
varying  intensity,  as  the  currents  of  air  affect  the  mists  which 
rise  from  the  cataracts.  This  part  of  the  valley  is  called  the 
Combe  of  Gavet,  from  a  village  of  that  name  which  is  situated 
half-way  between  Bourg  d'Oysans  and  Vizille.  At  a  little 
distance  from  Chichilane,  the  road  turns  off  to  the  right, 
leaving  the  river  to  sweep  round  the  plain  or  basin  of  Vizille, 
to  join  the  river  Drac,  below  that  town.  Vizille  is  beautifully 
situated  in  a  rich  plain,  surrounded  by  lofty  mountains,  on  the 
highroad  to  Gap  from  Grenoble,  and  is  a  place  of  some 
importance  in  the  province  :  its  political  character  is  likely  to 
be  long  remembered.  It  was  considered  the  cradle  of  the 
French  Revolution,  as  the  declaration  of  the  parliament  of 
Dauphiny,  which  sat  at  Vizille,  was  the  fatal  blow  to  the 
monarchical  power  in  France. 

From  Vizille  to  Grenoble,  a  distance  of  about  ten  miles, 
the  road  is  hilly,  but  very  picturesque.  Grenoble  is  first  seen 
from  below  the  village  of  Brie ;  and  the  landscape,  with  the 
city  peeping  from  the  distant  valley,  presents  an  interesting 
coup  d'ceil*  The  road  thence  continues  through  avenues  of 
fine  trees,  nearly  the  whole  way  to  the  capital  of  Dauphiny. 

To  the  traveller  who  desires  to  go  by  the  Genevre  from 
Grenoble,    or   from    Grenoble   to   Briancon,    the   author   re- 

*  Sixth  Plate. 


30  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

commends  the  route  by  the  Val  Komanche,  if  the  enjoyment 
of  wild  and  magnificent  scenery  be  the  object  of  his  journey  : 
this  recommendation  is  given  the  more  confidently,  as  the 
author  is  also  acquainted  with  the  road  to  Briancon  by  (rap 
and  Embrun.  A  diligence  leaves  Grenoble  by  the  latter  road 
three  times  a-week,  and  luggage  can  be  sent  by  it  to  Briancon 
to  meet  the  traveller  who  may  choose  to  walk,  or  go  on 
horseback,  through  the  Val  Romanche.  A  light  carriage  can 
be  hired  at  Grenoble  to  go  as  far  as  Bourg  d'Oysans,  whence 
horses  and  guides  may  be  taken  on  to  Briancon  :  at  Bourg 
d'Oysans,  Revel's  is  a  tolerable  inn:  and  at  Monestier  the 
traveller  can  be  well  accommodated.  Refreshment  may  be 
had  at  very  moderate  charges  in  almost  every  village  ;  the 
inhabitants  are  civil  and  obliging,  and  the  beautiful  and 
magnificent  scenery  of  the  route  is  scarcely  rivalled  by  any 
passage  in  Switzerland. 


ROUTE 

FROM 

LYONS    TO    TURIN, 

BY 

THE    PASS    OF   THE    MONT   CENIS. 


The  route  by  the  Mont  Cenis  might  be  considered  as  properly 
commencing  at  the  conjunction  of  the  rivers  Arc  and  Isere  ; 
but  as  the  range  of  mountains  which  extends  south  of  the  Jura, 
from  the  Rhone  to  the  Isere,  presents  a  formidable  barrier 
between  France  and  Savoy,  which  formerly  rendered  access  to 
Chamberrv,  from  Lyons,  very  difficult,  the  author  has  chosen 
to  commence  his  illustrations  of  the  Pass  of  the  Cenis  at 
Lyons,  and  complete  them  at  Turin. 

Lyons  is  seated  between  the  Rhone  and  the  Saone,  near 
the  confluence  of  these  rivers,  and,  probably,  owes  to  its 
situation  its  commercial  celebrity :  it  lies  in  the  direct  route  to 
the  Cenis  from  Paris,*  and  its  environs  exhibit  some  of  the 
most  beautiful  scenery  in  France.  From  the  church  of  St. 
Mary  Fourvieres,  which  overlooks  the  city,  the  vast  plains 
watered  bv  the  Rhone  and  the  Ain  are  seen  extending  to  the 
Jura,  and  to  the  snowy  ranges  of  the  Savoy  mountains  ;  and 
in  clear  weather,  even  beyond  and  above  these,  Mont  Blanc 
can  be  seen,  appearing  to  be  rather  an  object  of  the  sky  than 
of  the  earth,  hoveling  like  a  mighty  spirit.f 

*  The  traveller  who  wishes  to  go  by  the  most  interesting  route  to  Lyons  is  recom- 
mended to  go  from  Paris  by  Dijon,  the  Cote  d'Or,  Chalons  sur  Saone,  and  thence  to 
Lyons  by  the  coche  d'eau. 

■)"  The  view  from  the  right  bank  of  the  Saone,  near  to  where  this  river  mergi 
waters,  and  loses  its  name,  in  the  Rhone,  is  one  of  the  most  picturesque  of  Lyons. 
Plate  the  first. 

NO.  III. 


32  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

The  road  from  Lyons  towards  Chamberry,  through  Bour- 
goin,  as  for  as  Tour  du  Pin,  is  dull  and  uninteresting;  but,  soon 
after  leaving  this  little  town,  the  traveller  arrives  at  the  moun- 
tains by  which  he  enters  Savoy  ;  these,  until  the  opening  of 
the  road  by  the  route  of  the  Grotto,  near  Les  Echelles,  pre- 
sented an  almost  insurmountable  barrier  against  any  carriage. 
So  great  were  the  dfficulties,  that  we  find,  from  the  records  of 
early  travellers,  that  they  arrived  at  Chamberry,  on  their  way 
to  the  Cenis,  by  a  considerable  detour,  either  by  Geneva  or 
by  Grenoble.  But  there  were  three  paths  practicable  for  mules 
across  these  mountains  to  Chamberry,  besides  that  which  is 
now  the  great  road  to  the  Cenis.*  The  first  from  Pont- 
Beauvoison,  by  Aiguebellette  ;  the  second  by  St.  Genix  and 
Novalese  ;  these  were  over  the  mountain  de  l'Epine,  and  were 
the  most  direct,  but  they  were  extremely  difficult.  The  third, 
which  crossed  the  Mont  du  Chat  at  the  northern  extremity  of 
the  range  from  Yenne  to  Bourget,  appears  to  have  been  a 
road  known  to  the  Romans,  from  the  remains  of  a  temple, 
inscriptions,  &c,  which  have  been  found  on  this  passage  of 
the  mountain. f 

At  Pont-Beauvoison,  on  the  Outers  vif,  a  river  which  is  the 
boundary  line  between  France  and  Sardinia,  the  douaniers  of 
the  respective  governments  are  stationed.  After  crossing  the 
bridge  the  road  ascends  the  right  bank  of  the  liver,  and  at 
length  enters  abruptly  the  defile  of  La  Caille.  Here  the 
traveller  should  turn  to  enjoy  the  last  view  of  France,  and 
look  back  upon  the  beautiful  scene  which  he  is  about  to  leave. 
From  the  plain  the  road  ascends  the  mountain  side,  and  then 
abruptly  enters  a  ravine,  at  a   considerable  height  above  a 

*  The  author  of  the  present  work  has  adverted  to  these  roads  to  shew  the  difficulty 
which  formerly  existed  in  travelling  from  Lyons  to  Chaniberry  before  the  great  road 
was  made,  by  which  carriages  now  proceed  to  these  Alps,  and  traverse  them  with 
equal  facility. 

t  It  has  been  satisfactorily  shewn,  in  the  "  Dissertation  on  the  Passage  of  Hannibal 
across  the  Alps,  by  a  Member  of  the  University  of  Oxford."  adverted  to  in  the 
illustrations  of  the  pass  of  the  Little  Saint  Bernard,  that  this  passage  was  the  route 
of  Hannibal,  and  the  Mont  du  Chat,  the  first  Alps  at  which  he  arrived,  the  spot  on 
which  he  encountered  the  Allobroges. 


•  -  -v  "-> 


THE  MONT  CEXIS.  33 

stream,  which  foams  beneath  in  its  narrow  and  often  concealed 
bed.*  The  route  thence  leads  to  Les  Echelles,f  a  little  town 
which  owes  its  name  to  the  mode  of  passhig  a  cavern  in  its 
vicinity,  through  which  formerly  lay  the  only  path  to  Cham- 
berry.  Those  who  travelled  by  the  old  road,  ascended  ladders 
placed  on  the  face  of  the  rock,  to  the  height  of  one  hundred 
feet  ;  thev  then  entered  a  cavern,  and  after  climbing:  more 
than  eighty  feet  through  it,  regained  the  day,  in  a  deep  cleft 
of  the  mountain  ;  and  a  path,  of  which  some  vestiges  remain, 
like  a  Eoman  pavement,  enabled  the  traveller,  with  compara- 
tive ease  and  freedom  from  danger,  to  attain  the  summit 
of  this  extraordinary  passage.  This  was  au  undertaking 
always  dangerous  to  the  unskilful,  and  often  impracticable, 
for  the  cavern  was  the  embouchure  of  the  waters  from  the 
ravine  above  ;  and  as  the  snow  and  torrents  often  interrupted 
the  passage,  it  was  only  in  the  most  favourable  seasons  that 
the  undertaking  coidd  be  accomplished.  When  the  policy 
of  a  more  intimate  intercourse  with  France  su°;°;ested  itself  to 
the  enterprising  mind  of  Charles  Emmanuel  the  Second,  Duke 
of  Savoy,  he  determined  to  make  a  road  here  practicable  for 
carriages  ;  and  the  most  celebrated  act  of  his  reis;n  was  the 
accomplishment  of  this  great  undertaking,  which  was  called 
the  route  of  the  Grotto.  By  lowering  the  cleft  in  the  mountain, 
and  terracing  a  descent  to  Les  Echelles,  he  made  a  road  which 
was  long  considered  one  of  the  most  extraordinary  productions 
of  human  effort.  A  monument  in  the  road  contains  a  tablet, 
and  the  remains  of  an  inscription,  which  was  written  by 
Emmanuel  Tesoro,  though  usually  attributed  to  the  Abbe 
St.  Real,  commemorative  of  the  construction  of  this  route. 
The  monument  betrays  numerous  marks  of  musket-balls, 
received  in  a  severe   contest  upon  this  spot  between  some 

*  J.  J.  Rousseau  has  recorded  among  his  follies,  that  it  was  here,  on  his  way  to 
revisit  Madame  des  Warrens,  at  Les  Charmettes,  he  enjoyed  the  pleasure  of  rolling 
stones  from  the  road  into  the  roaring  torrent  below,  and  observing  them  bound  from 
ledge  to  ledge  before  they  reached  their  goal  in  the  depth  and  distance. 

t  An  excursion  from  Les  Echelles  to  the  Grand  Chartreuse  can  be  accomplished 
easily  in  a  few  hours,  and  it  is  the  best  point  to  start  from  on  a  visit  to  this  secluded 
spot 

KO.  m.  F 


34  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

French  republicans  and  Savoyards,  in  the  early  part  of  the 
French  revolution  :  but  a  paper  sold  by  an  old  soldier,  a 
canfonnier*  who  keeps  a  hovel,  and  sells  eau-de-vie,  at  the 
end  of  the  new  gallery,  furnishes  not  only  all  of  the  inscription, 
which  the  balls  of  the  revolutionists  have  made  deficient,  but 
a  bombastic  translation,  in  French,  for  the  edification  and 
amusement  of  travellers.f 

CAROLVS  •  EMMANVEL  ■  II 

SABAYDLE  ■  DVX  ■  PEDEMOXTIS  ■  PRIXCEPS  ■  CYPRI  ■  REX 

PVBLICA  •  FELICITATE  ■  PARTA  ■  SLNGVLORVM  ■  COMMODIS  •  IXTEXTVS 

BREYIOREM  ■  SECYRIOREMQYE  ■  VIAM  ■  EEGIAM 

A-XATYRA-  OCCLVSAM  ■  ROMANIS-  IXTEXTATAM  •  CETERIS  -DESPERAT  AM 

DEIECTIS  •  SCOPVLORVM  ■  REPAGYLIS  ■  £IQVATA  ■  MONTTVM  ■  IXIQYITATE 

QY-E  ■  CERVICIBUS  ■  DLMIXEBAXT  ■  PEDLBVS  •  PR-ECIPITLA.  ■  SYBSTERXEXS 

.ETERXIS  •  POPYLORYM  ■  COMMERCES  ■  PATEFECIT 

ANXO  •  MDCLXX. 

The  work  thus  recorded  was  certainly  one  of  great 
difficulty,  and  much  was  accomplished  in  forming,  in  such  a 
situation,  even  a  narrow,  steep,  and  difficult  road  :  it  served 
its  purpose,  however,  above  one  hundred  and  fifty  years.  In 
1803  this  road  was  condemned  by  the  French  engineers  ; 
and  Napoleon  has,  by  one  of  the  most  extraordinary  of  his 
great  works,  superseded  the  old  road,  and  left  it,  with  its 
monumental  record,  and  the  old  cavern  of  Les  Echelles,  to  be 
visited  only  as  curiosities.  The  present  road  avoids  altogether 
the  direction  of  the  old  one  :  it  sweeps  round  the  little  valley 
above  the  village  of  Les  Echelles,  rises  by  a  gradual  ascent,  and 
when  on  a  level  with  the  road  formerly  attained  by  the  route 
of  the  Grotto,  enters,  at  once,  the  perpendicular  face  of  the 
rock;  and  a  magnificent  gallery  twenty-five  feet  high  proceeds 
a  thousand  feet  J  through  the  rock,  over  a  road  twenty-five 

*  A  person  stationed  to  keep  the  roads  in  order. 

j  L'an  mil  six  cent  soixante-dix,  apres  avoir  rendu  heureux  ses  peuples,  voulant 
encore  etendre  ses  bienfaits,  Charles  Emmaxuel  II.,  Due  de  Savoie,  Prince  de  Piemont, 
Roi  de  Clrrpre,  forca  les  roches  a  s'ouvrir,  soumit  au  niveau  les  montagne  ....  fit 
rouler  sous  les  pieds  leurs  cimes  menacantes,  et,  superieur  aux  Romains,  qui  n'essay- 
erent  pas  line  si  glorieuse  entreprise,  superieur  a  tant  d'autres  qui  ne  purent  qu'en 
desesperer  en  la  tentant,  vainqueur  enfin  de  la  nature, — il  ouvrit  cette  voie  trioniphante, 
qui,  pour  toujours,  assure  aux  peuples  divers  les  ruoyens  de  s'unir  entre  eux. 

J  307  metres  :  a  metre  is  about  l-13th  more  than  an  English  yard. 


THE  MONT  CENIS.  35 

feet  wide.  The  approach  to  the  gallery  presents  au  extraor- 
dinary appearance  ;  the  valley  of  Les  Echelles  is  so  hounded 
hy  mountains  that  in  the  direction  of  the  road  no  means  of 
exit  are  apparent.  On  the  face  of  the  vast  rocks  which  rise 
abruptly  from  the  valley,  a  speck  appears  to  terminate  the  line 
of  the  road.  This  speck  is,  in  reality,  the  entrance  to  the 
famous  work  of  Napoleon,  the  great  gallery  of  Les  Echelles ; 
but  it  is  scarcely  credible  that  its  opening  should  appear  so 
small  as  it  does  ;  the  effect  arises  from  its  contrast  with  the 
magnitude  of  surrounding  objects. 

The  scene  at  the  end  of  the  gallery,  looking  towards  France, 
must  be  very  striking  to  a  traveller  from  Savoy.  Some  time 
before  arriving  at  this  spot  from  Chamberry,  he  passes  through 
a  narrow  and  mountainous  glen,  the  rocks  close  upon  him,  and 
he  enters  the  gallery,  which  terminates  in  a  beautiful  view  of 
the  plain,  the.  village,  and  the  valley  of  Les  Echelles,  beyond 
which  may  be  seen  the  mountains  of  the  Grand  Chartreuse. 
The  present  gallery  was  begun  in  1803,  and  was  opened  to 
travellers  in  1817  :  many  interruptions  occurred  from  its  com- 
mencement ;  it  was,  at  different  times,  suspended  and  renewed 
by  the  French,  but  the  Sardinian  government  had  the  honour 
of  completing  it.  From  the  gallery  of  Les  Echelles  the  road 
to  Chamberry  lies  through  a  sterile  and  uninteresting  country. 
At  Chamberry,  however,  it  opens  and  improves ;  the  soil  is 
well  cultivated,  and  the  immediate  neighbourhood  is  not 
devoid  of  interest.  The  objects  most  worthy  of  attention  near 
Chamberry  are  Aix,  Bourget,  the  Abymes  of  Myans,  and  Les 
Charmettes. 

After  leaving  Chamberry  the  mountains  are  seen  which 
divide  Savoy  from  the  department  of  the  Hautes  Alpes:  these 
add  to  the  picturesque,  and  relieve  occasionally  the  tedium  of 
travelling  through  the  avenues  of  tall  poplars,  which  extend 
nearly  to  the  Isere.  The  road  passes  beneath  the  old  fort  of 
Montinelian,  and  the  traveller  shortly  arrives  at  the  town ;  the 
Isere  is  then  crossed,  and  the  route  continues  to  ascend  on  the 
left  bank  of  the  river,  whence  the  scene,  looking  back  from  near 


36  PASSES  OF  THE  AEPS. 

the  village  of  La  Planese  upon  the  town  and  fort  of  Mont- 
melian,  and  the  valley  of  Isere,  is  very  beautiful.* 

The  road  soon  after  ceases  to  interest  the  traveller,  who  is 
not  relieved  from  its  dulness  until  he  arrives  near  the  neat  little 
town  of  Aiguebelle,  at  the  entrance  of  the  valley  of  the  Arc, 
about  five  miles  above  the  confluence  of  this  river  with  the 
Isere.  Though  the  town  is  in  the  foreground,  its  appearance 
is  insiouificant,  seen  as  it  is  below  the  vast  mountain  masses 
which  bound  the  valley;  of  these  the  lower  are  richly  wooded 
with  chestnut  and  walnut-trees ;  those  above  them  are  covered 
with  dark  pines,  and  the  whole  surmounted  by  the  snowy 
summits  of  the  lofty  mountains  of  the  Maurienne. 

The  traveller  now  ascends  the  deep  and  narrow  valley  of 
the  Arc,  over  a  good  road  on  the  banks  of  the  river,  which 
struggles  through  its  deep  and  rocky  bed.  The  few  patches  of 
land  which  the  steep  sides  of  the  valley  offer  to  the  peasant 
are  carefully  cultivated,  but  the  produce  is  small.  Soon  after 
passing  the  dirty  village  of  La  Cliambre,  the  traveller  arrives 
at  St.  Jean  de  Maurienne,  the  chief  place  of  the  valley.  There 
is  little  to  interest  him  here  :  the  time  has  happily  passed 
when  feudal  tyrants  could  make  matter  for  history  and  execra- 
tion, and  the  political  events  of  the  Maurienne  are  almost 
forgotten  with  its  comtes.  The  doctrines  of  Calvin  excited 
some  troubles  at  St.  Jean,  but  these  have  passed  away  ;  and 
the  bears  and  the  avalanches  are  now  the  only  disturbers  of 
the  tranquillity  of  these  valleys.  From  St.  Jean,  several  cols, 
on  the  southern  side,  lead  by  mountain  paths  into  Dauphiny. 

Before  arriving  at  the  town  of  St.  Michel,  which  is  about 
half  way  between  Lyons  and  Turin,  the  valley  narrows  to  a 
defile ;  but  it  opens  again  into  a  little  plain,  in  which  the 
town  is  situated.  Travellers  usually  pass  through  the  suburbs 
only,  but  it  is  worth  the  trouble  of  ascending  through  the 
narrow  streets  of  the  town,  to  attain  the  site  of  an  old  tower, 
and  look  over  the  little  plain  and  course  of  the  Arc  below.f 

*  Second  Plate.  f  End  Vignette. 


THE  MONT  CEXIS.  37 

The  route  varies  little  in  character  as  it  advances  to  Mo- 
dane :  but  beyond  this  town  it  rises  high  above  the  bed  of  the 
Arc,  skirts  the  mountain  of  Bratnaute,  and  continues  beneath 
a  dense  forest  of  pines,  at  a  great  elevation  above  the  river, 
which  divides  the  road  from  the  Fort  of  Lessillon.  There  is 
a  savage  character  in  this  scene.  It  is  ban-en.  deep,  and 
extensive  on  the  one  side,  and  there  is  a  dark  forest  on  the 
other  ;  the  road  is  terraced  over  a  gulf  of  frightful  depth  ; 
and  on  the  opposite  brink,  overhanging  the  ravine,  the  fort 
rises  in  a  formidable  succession  of  ramparts,  which  command 
the  passage:*  some  defensive  works  are  also  constructed  on 
the  road-side.  A  little  beyond,  the  fort  communicates  with  the 
highroad  by  a  bridge  thrown  across  the  °^ilf,  at  an  alarming 
height  above  the  torrent. 

The  country  beyond  Braniante,  as  the  traveller  approaches 
the  Cenis,  becomes  more  sterile.  The  stunted  corn  scarcely 
repays  the  labour  of  its  cultivation.  At  Termignon,  the 
straight  valley,  through  which  the  river  Aysse  descends  from 
its  source  in  the  Vanoise,  is  abruptly  left,  and  the  road  con- 
tinues, bv  a  zig-zag  ascent  on  the  riarht  of  the  Arc,  through  a 
glen  which  extends  from  Termignon  to  Lanslebourg,  where 
the  traveller  soon  arrives ;  and  after  passing  through  its  dirty, 
narrow  streets,  reaches  an  excellent  inn  (the  Hotel  Royal),  at 
the  foot  of  the  passage  of  the  mountain. 

The  inhabitants  of  Lanslebourg  froni  time  immemorial,  were 
innkeepers,  muleteers,  and  porters ;  whose  entire  occupation  it 
was  to  convey  passengers  and  merchandise  across  the  Mont 
Cenis.  These  were  regulated  by  a  syndic  appointed  by  the 
government,  but  their  occupation  is  now  gone  ;  the  fine  new 
road  renders  their  services  unnecessary,  and  a  few  years  will 
either  find  them  fresh  employment,  or  proportion  their  num- 
bers to  the  demand  for  their  services.  They  are  at  present 
occasionally  employed  as  cantonniers,  to  assist  those  who  are 
regularly  appointed  by  the  government  of  Sardinia  to  keep  the 

*  Third  Plate 


38  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

road  in  order.  Near  the  hotel  a  barrack  has  been  built,  -which 
is  capable  of  accommodating  three  thousand  men :  this,  together 
with  the  appointments  on  the  plain  of  the  Cenis,  gives  a  mili- 
tary character  to  the  pass.  A  bridge,  close  to  the  caserne,  is 
thrown  over  the  Arc ;  the  road  beyond  it  winds  up  by  a  succes- 
sion of  finely  constructed  ramparts,  and  the  traveller  ascends 
with  ease  at  a  rapid  pace,  over  a  road  which,  from  Lansle- 
bourg  to  the  highest  point,  rises  at  the  rate  of  only  one  foot 
in  fifteen. 

The  traveller  soon  reaches  La  Ramasse.  The  custom  of 
descending  en  traineau  from  this  place,  is  still  practised  in  the 
winter ;  but  the  velocity  of  the  descent  over  the  new  road 
is  considerably  less  than  it  was  over  the  old  ;  and  the  danger 
which  formerly  tempted  travellers  to  this  fearful  amusement 
is  almost  entirely  removed.  The  Englishman  of  whom  it  is 
recorded  that  he  staid  eight  days  at  Lanslebourg  for  the  pur- 
pose of  risking  his  neck  three  times  a-day,  would  now  lose  half 
the  desire  to  descend  en  ramasser. 

Not  far  from  La  Eamasse  is  the  highest  point  of  the  passage, 
which  is  2100  metres,  about  6780  English  feet,  above  the  level 
of  the  sea :  the  road  from  this  elevation  descends  to  the  plain 
of  the  Cenis.  On  approaching  it,  the  lake  and  the  plain,  seen 
in  its  extent  almost  to  the  Grand  Croix,  and  bounded  by  lofty 
mountains,  on  which  the  snow  eternally  rests,  present  a  strik- 
ing scene.*  Numerous  buildings  on  the  plain  suggest  the  idea 
of  a  larger  community  than  is  to  be  found  there ;  but  it  is  pro- 
bable that  the  time  is  not  distant  when  the  inhabitants  on  the 
Cenis  will  become  as  numerous  as  those  of  Lanslebourg,  since 
people  are  encouraged  to  reside  on  the  mountain  by  exemption 
from  taxes.  Among  the  buildings  are  the  post  house,  the  inn, 
the  hospice,  the  barracks,  and  station  of  carabineers,  for  the 
examination  of  passports ;  and  along  the  road  from  Lanslebourg 
to  Susa  are  numerous  houses  of  refuge  for  the  shelter  of  those 
who  have  the  misfortune  to  traverse  the  mountains  in   bad 

*  Title  Vignette. 


M     2 


THE  MONT  CENTS.  39 

weather.  Posts  are  erected  along  the  road  ;  and  a  piece  of 
wood,  fastened  upon  each,  so  as  to  form  a  cross,  at  once  as- 
sists the  direction  of  the  traveller,  and  preserves  these  posts,  by 
the  restraints  of  religion,  from  being  used  for  fire-wood,  where 
the  temptation  to  destroy  them  for  this  purpose  is  very  great. 

The  lake  is  celebrated  for  the  delicious  trout  which  it 
yields ;  and  not  only  with  these  are  the  establishments  on  the 
Cenis  abundantly  provided,  but  with  excellent  wines,  bread, 
and  meat ;  and  the  intercourse  with  the  plains  of  Piedmont  is 
so  constant,  that  fruits,  fresh  and  delicious,  are  found  at  the 
inn :  game,  too,  in  season,  is  rarely  wanting  at  the  traveller's 
repast  on  the  Cenis,  particularly  in  August,  when  great 
quantities  of  grouse  are  taken  on  the  surrounding  mountains. 
During  the  winter  the  lake  is  frozen  above  six  months  ;  at 
which  time  the  peasants  drive  their  herds  across  it.  The  only 
precaution  used  at  the  commencement  of  the  season  is  to  trace 
if  the  fox  has  vet  traversed  the  frozen  surface. 

Beyond  the  Grand  Croix,  the  road  winds  down  in  terraces 
to  the  plain  of  St.  Nicolas.  Formerly,  the  road,  after  crossing 
a  torrent,  skirted  the  mountains  on  the  southern  side  of  the 
plain,  and  passed  through  a  gallery  cut  in  the  rock :  there  was 
also  a  covered  way,  strongly  built,  to  guard  the  traveller 
against  the  avalanches  which  fall  from  the  mountain  on  this 
side,  and  which,  from  their  force  and  frequency,  have  actually 
worn  the  side  of  the  mountain  smooth ;  but  against  these  the 
power  of  man  could  place  no  restraint.  The  avalanches  de- 
scended and  crushed  the  covered  way  ;  dreadful  accidents 
occurred ;  and  it  was  at  length  determined  to  form  the  present 
line  of  road,  and  to  destroy  the  bridge  across  the  torrent  which 
led  to  the  gallery,  lest  future  travellers  should  be  tempted  by 
the  shorter  route  to  expose  themselves  to  danger.  In  the 
middle  of  the  little  plain  of  St.  Xicolas  is  the  barrier  of  Pie- 
mont,  where  a  custom-house  is  established.* 

*  Plate  Fourth. 


40  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

Soon  after  entering  Pieinont  the  road  winds  round  the  side 
of  the  mountain  which  overhangs  the  deep  valley  of  Xovalese, 
and  near  a  turn,  which  leads  to  the  hamlet  of  Bart,  the  travel- 
ler looks  down  upon  the  miserable  village  of  La  Ferriere. 
The  old  route  must  have  been  a  fearful  one,  to  judge  from  the 
ruggeduess  and  extreme  declivity  of  the  path.  The  new  road 
is  well  constructed,  aud  descends  gradually,  following  the 
sinuosities  on  the  side  of  the  mountain. 

From  La  Molaret  the  extent  of  the  scene  in  the  valley  be- 
neath is  very  striking,  but  not  picturesque ;  the  line  of  the  old 
road  may  be  traced  from  La  Ferriere  to  Susa,  and  on  the 
opposite  side  of  the  valley  the  enormous  mountain  of  Roche- 
Melon  shuts  out  the  view  of  the  plains  of  Italy  from  the  tra- 
veller.* Soon,  however,  after  leaving  La  Molaret,  when  near 
St.  Martin's,  the  valley  of  the  Doire  opens,  and  the  scene  ter- 
minates in  the  plains  beyond  Turin. 

From  St.  Martin's  the  route  winds  along  the  borders  of  a 
precipice,  with  a  descent  so  gentle,  and  over  a  road  so  admi- 
rably constructed,  and  defended  by  parapets,  that  the  traveller 
proceeds  without  any  idea  of  danger.  A  part  of  the  road 
above  Yeuaus,  a  village  in  the  valley  of  Xovalese,  is  exposed 
to  avalanches :  but  so  much  regard  has  been  paid  to  security 
against  this  danger,  that  accidents  can  scarcely  happen,  unless 
the  traveller  exposes  himself  to  them  incautiously. 

Before  arriving  at  Susa,  even  in  the  Combe  of  Giaglione, 
the  traveller  is  sensible  of  his  approach  to  Italy.     The  valley 

*  The  vast  mountain  called  the  Roche-Melon,  which  bounds  the  eastern  side  of 
the  valley  of  Novalese,  rises  9500  feet  above  Susa,  and  formerly  had  on  its  summit 
the  little  chapel  of  Xotre  Dame  des  Xeiges,  which  contained  an  image  of  the  Virgin 
held  in  great  veneration,  to  which  a  pilgrimage  was  annually  made  in  the  month  of 
August  from  Susa  and  its  environs  ;  but  the  path  which  led  to  this  chapel  was  so 
dangerous,  that  fatal  accidents  frequently  happened  there,  and  the  lives  of  many  were 
sacrificed  to  then-  devotion  ;  for,  unable  to  breathe  in  an  air  so  rare,  they  fell  over 
such  dreadful  precipices,  that,  to  use  the  language  of  the  Rector  of  Mont  Cenis  to 
Saussure — "  Que  ceux  qui  tomboient  1ft  etoient  tellement  brises,  que  Foreille  etoit  la 
plus  grande  piece  de  leur  corps  qui  demeurat  dans  son  entier ! "  But  these  dangerous 
pilgrimages  are  now  discontinued  ;  and  the  revered  image,  the  object  of  this  devotion, 
in  high  places,  has  been  transferred  to  Susa. 


?»£«4crc 


THE  MONT  CENTS.  41 

of  the  Doire  and  the  plains  of  Piemont  lie  before  him ;  and 
the  foreground  of  this  beautiful  scene  is  rich  with  chestnuts, 
walnuts,  vines,  and  the  productions  of  a  fruitful  soil. 

On  entering  La  C/iiave  d'  Italia,  as  Susa  has  been  called, 
the  ruins  of  the  Fort  of  La  Brunette  are  passed:  in  its  days  of 
power  it  was  so  cautiously  watched,  that  a  stranger  observed 
to  stop,  and  look  at  it  for  a  moment,  was  ordered  to  pass  on. 
It  was  considered  one  of  the  strongest  fortresses  in  Europe, 
and  guarded  both  the  roads,  to  the  Cenis  and  the  Genevre. 
The  early  importance  of  Susa  is  attested  by  many  Roman 
remains :  anions:  these  is  the  celebrated  arch  raised  by  C'ottius 
in  honour  of  Augustus ;  beneath  which  the  route  lav  through 
the  valley  of  Oulx  to  the  Mont  Genevre. 

After  leaving  Susa,  the  road  crosses  the  Cenisella,  a  stream 
which  descends  from  the  Cenis  and  flows  into  the  Doire.  At 
Busolino  this  river  is  passed :  thence  it  flows  on  the  left  of  the 
road  until  it  reaches  the  Po  below  Turin. 

Among  the  feudal  remains  which  the  traveller  passes  in  the 
valley  of  the  Doire,  below  Susa,  are  those  of  the  picturesque 
chateau  of  St.  Jorio;  but  the  most  extraordinary  ruins  are 
those  of  the  monastery  of  St.  Michel,*  on  the  Monte  Pirchi- 
riano,  above  St.  Ambrogio.  The  founder  was  Hugues  de  De- 
cousu,  who  went  to  Eome  and  obtained  absolution  for  some 
crime  which  he  had  committed,  from  the  Pope.  Hugues,  in 
his  gratitude,  promised  to  build  a  church  on  his  return,  which 
he  did  on  the  Monte  Pirchiriano,  and  consecrated  it  to  St. 
Michel.  Privileges  were  granted  to  the  new  establishment  by 
Pope  Silvester;  and  it  soon  became,  under  the  rules  of  St. 
Benoit,  so  celebrated  for  its  splendour  and  power,  that  its 
abbots  boasted  of  having  founded  and  restored  one  hundred 
and  forty  churches  and  rich  abbeys  in  France  and  Italy,  f 

*  Fifth  Plate. 

t  Saussure  and  Milan  both  describe  their  visits  to  the  ruins  of  the  monastery,  and 
the  latter  gives  an  interesting  sketch  of  its  history,  but  without  mentioning  the 
period  of  its  foundation.  The  difficulty  of  erecting  such  an  edifice  on  the  mountain 
must  have  been  very  great,  as  it  requires  an  hour  and  a  half  to  attain  its  site.  When 
attained,  the  mass  of  ruins  appears  enormous  :  a  part  of  these  is  entered  by  a  large 
flight  of  steps.  There  are  many  ancient  tombs  of  the  monks  ;  some  of  them  are  open, 
NO.  in.  G 


42  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

On  one  of  its  towers  there  was,  until  lately,  a  telegraph 
helono-ino-  to  a  series  which  communicated  between  Paris  and 
Milan. 

The  road  from  St.  Ambrogio  passes  through  Avigliana 
and  Eivoli,  where  there  is  a  chateau  belonging  to  the  court  of 
Sardinia.  From  Eivoli,  a  fine  avenue,  nearly  two  leagues  in 
length,  extends  to  Turin. 

A  description  of  Turin  can  be  found  in  almost  every  topo- 
graphical work  on  Italy;  it  is  precluded  from  these  illustra- 
tions, by  the  limits  of  the  text.  The  author,  however,  cannot 
pass  unnoticed  the  view  of  the  city  from  the  hill  of  the  Su- 
perga.  The  church  on  its  summit  is  distant  from  Turin  about 
five  miles,  and  the  ascent  to  it  is  so  very  steep  that  it  employs 
above  two  hours  to  arrive  there;*  but  the  scene  from  the 
summit  richly  repays  the  trouble  of  reaching  it,  and  exceeds 
any  of  a  similar  character  that  the  author  has  ever  enjoyed. 
Thence  are  seen  in  the  plain  beneath,  Turin,  the  Po  winding 
by  the  city,  and  collecting  the  tributary  streams  that  enrich 
the  fertile  country  through  which  they  flow,  the  avenue  to 
Eivoli,  and  the  valley  of  the  Doire,  leading  to  the  Mont 
Cenis,  the  lower  ranges  of  the  mountains,  studded  with  towns 

and  the  bodies  can  be  seen  in  a  dry  state,  like  the  mummies  of  the  Guanches  :  they 
are  spoken  of  as  having  been  objects  of  curiosity  and  reverence  for  many  ages.  Some 
C4othic  epitaphs  remain  ;  one  of  these  marks  the  tomb  of  Rondolphe  of  Montebello, 
■who  died  in  1359  ;  and  another  of  Sebastian  Serrai,  a  cardinal,  who  was  abbot  of  this 
monastery  in  1577  :  there  is  also  an  ancient  tomb  without  an  inscription,  said  to  be 
that  of  Comte  Thomas,  a  bastard  of  the  house  of  Savoy,  who  lived  in  1233,  and  who 
is  recorded  as  a  great  benefactor  to  this  abbey. 

The  view  from  the  monastery  is  described,  by  those  who  have  visited  it,  as  mag- 
nificent, extending,  from  the  vast  ramparts  of  the  Cenis,  through  the  lower  valley  of 
the  Doire,  which  winds  beneath  the  monastery,  and  enriches  a  scene  that  extends  to 
Turin,  the  Monte  Superga,  and  the  extensive  plains  which,  beyond  these,  melt  into 
the  horizon. 

*  It  is  generally  known  that  the  church  was  built  by  Victor  Amadeus,  in  conse- 
quence of  a  vow  which  he  made  to  raise  such  an  edifice,  if  Heaven  assisted  him  to 
relieve  the  city  of  Turin,  which  in  1706  was  besieged  by  the  French.  Turin  was 
delivered,  but  this  votive  building  was  not  begun  until  1715  ;  it  was  completed  in 
1731.  It  is  a  splendid  object  to  all  the  surrounding  country.  Its  internal  splendour, 
however,  has  been  much  overrated  ;  it  exhibits  a  mixture  of  magnificence  and  mean- 
ness, and  much  of  what  appears  to  be  marble,  is  an  imitation  in  painted  wood  and 
plaster,  and  even  some  of  the  tombs  of  the  sovereigns  of  Sardinia,  for  this  is  their 
cemetery,  share  in  this  pretence. 


THE  MONT  CENIS.  43 

and  villages,  and  above  and  beyond  the  vast  range  of  tbe  high 
Alps,  extending  from  the  Yiso  to  the  Monte  Rosa  :  these 
present  a  magnificent  coup  (Fail.  The  view*  in  this  work  is 
taken  from  a  vineyard,  on  the  descent  from  the  church,  and 
the  scene  is  limited,  in  the  horizon,  to  the  range  of  the 
Cottian  Alps,  from  the  beautiful  peak  of  the  Monte  Yiso  to 
the  Mont  Cenis. 

There  is  much  obscurity  in  the  early  history  of  the  pass  of 
the  Mont  Cenis.  Though  it  has  been  for  many  ages  the  most 
frequented  passage  of  the  Alps  between  France  and  Italy,  f 
there  is  no  certain  evidence  that  it  was  known  to  the  ancient 
Eomans.  That  Marius,  or  Caesar,  or  Pompey,  J  or  Augustus, 
traversed  the  Alps  by  the  Cenis,  or  made  a  road  across  it,  is 
by  no  means  clear.  The  commentators  upon  the  early  writers 
appear  to  have  confounded  this  passage  with  that  of  the  Mont 
Genevre,  as  both  of  them  meet  at  Susa.  Xeither  in  the 
Autonine  Itinerary  nor  the  Theodosian  Tables  is  mention 
made  of  the  Cenis ;  neither  is  there  any  station  on  the  moun- 
tain nor  in  the  vale  of  the  Arc  noticed.  §  Those  writers  who 
have  reported  that  the  passage  by  the  Cenis  was  the  route  of  a 
Roman  army,  or  general,  have  usually  given  descriptions  which 

*  Plate  Sixth. 

f  The  Italians,  from  this  circumstance,  have  given  it  the  name  of  the  Strada 
Romano. 

\  The  fragment  preserved  by  Sallust  of  a  letter  from  Porupey  to  the  senate,  which 
is  supposed  to  refer  to  a  road  that  Pompey  made  across  the  Cenis,  can  in  the  judg- 
ment of  those  acquainted  with  the  passes  of  the  Alps,  refer  only  to  the  Mont 
Genevre  ;  and  Ammianus  Marcellinus,  who  is  referred  to  by  Gibbon,  as  if  to  support 
his  opinion  of  Constantine's  passage  by  the  Cenis,  describes  most  distinctly  the 
passage  by  the  Mont  Genevre.  Gibbon  says  that  "  Constantine  preferred  the  road 
of  the  Cottian  Alps,  or,  as  it  is  now  called,  of  Mont  Cenis,  and  led  his  troops  with 
such  active  diligence,  that  he  descended  into  the  plains  of  Piedmont  before  the  Court 
of  Maxentius  had  any  certain  intelligence  of  his  departure  from  the  banks  of  the 
Rhine  ;"  but  he  is  neither  borne  out  by  Eusebius  nor  Zosimus  in  this  statement. 
The  latter  merely  says,  that  "  Constantine  having  collected  an  army  from  the  barba- 
rians whom  he  had  subdued,  from  the  Germans  and  other  Celtic  nations,  and  also 
from  levies  in  Britain,  which  altogether  amounted  to  90,000  infantry  and  S000  horse, 
descended  from  the  Alps  into  Italy." 

§  Simler,  in  de  Alpibus  Commentarius,  says,  "  Nor  yet  do  we  think  that  this  moun- 
tain alone  is  the  Cottian  Alps,  but  others  also  by  which  the  passage  lies  into  Gaul, 
between  the  Maritime  and  Grian  Alps  ;  for,  from  Susa  through  Novelesia  and 
Ferrara,  one  ascends  Mont  Diouysius,  whose  summit  is  called  La  Posta  ;  thence  one 
descends  into  the  valley  Morienna  to  Luneberg,  where  one  perceives  a  statue  of 


44  TASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

can  only  apply  to  the  pass  of  the  Genevre,  and  sometimes  even 
state  that  its  route  lay  under  the  arch  of  Cottius.  This 
arch  is  placed  at  the  entrance  of  the  valley  of  the  Doria 
Susana,  which  leads  from  Susa  to  the  Mont  Genevre,  and  not 
to  the  passage  of  the  Mont  Cenis.  The  inscription  upon  the 
arch  of  Susa,  though  it  mentions  the  people  around  and  heyond 
the  Mont  Genevre,  even  to  the  Caturiges,  who  were  subject  to 
Cottius,  takes  no  notice  of  any  on  the  Cenis,  nor  of  the  Garoceli, 
who  were  known  to  have  inhabited  the  Upper  Maurienne.* 

It  appears  to  be  the  fact,  that  the  historians  of  Charlemagne 
are  the  first  who  name  the  Cenis,  and  they  relate  that  Pepin 
crossed  this  mountain  to  attack  Astolphus,  King  of  the  Lom- 
bards, and  assist  Pope  Stephen  III.  Charlemagne  often  crossed 
the  Cenis  during  his  wars  with  the  Lombards;  and  his  son, 
Louis  le  Debonnaire,  is  reported  to  have  been  the  founder  of 
the  hospital  on  the  plain  of  the  Cenis.  Charles  the  Bald,  the 
son  of  Louis,  after  crossing  that  mountain,  died,  according  to 
the  annals  of  St.  Berthi,  at  a  miserable  village,  Brios,  near 
Bramante.  His  death  was  imputed  to  poison  administered  to 
him  by  his  Jew  physician. 

Dionysius  placed  on  a  column  in  the  forarn,  which  is  a  subject  of  worship  to  the 
Gauls,  and  from  which  the  mountain  is  supposed  to  derive  its  name.  Some  call  this 
mountain  Cinisium,  others  Cinerum.  Through  this  pass  some  write  that  Charle- 
magne, King  of  France,  led  an  army  against  Desiderium,  King  of  the  Lombards." 

*  Why  the  pass  of  the  Cenis  was  not  so  early  known  as  that  of  the  Genevre  and 
some  others,  may  be  thus  explained.  In  seeking  a  passage  across  the  Alps,  the 
general  and  most  obvious  course  seems  'to  have  been,  to  ascend  the  valleys  and 
courses  of  rivers  on  one  side,  and  descend  by  the  nearest  valley  on  the  other.  The 
Cenis  on  the  side  of  the  Lanslebourg  offers  no  valley  to  explore,  for  the  course  of  the 
river  Arc  is  from  the  Mont  Iseran,  where  it  rises  ;  and  at  the  foot  of  the  Mont  Cenis, 
in  the  valley  of  the  Arc,  there  is  nothing  to  indicate  a  passage  by  this  mountain. 
There  is  no  doubt  that  the  pass  of  the  little  Mont  Cenis,  from  Bramante  to  F.xilles, 
and  that  of  the  Col  de  la  Rue,  from  Modane  to  Bardonneche  and  OuLx,  were  known 
very  long  before  the  present  pass  of  the  Cenis  ;  but  both  these  passes  have  valleys 
descending  to  the  Arc  which  would  tempt  the  traveller  to  explore  them.  The  latter, 
Mons  Rudus,  seems  to  have  been  one  of  the  routes  adopted  by  Julius  Coesar,  when 
he  crossed  the  Alps  to  suppress  the  inroad  of  the  Helvetii  ;  and  troops  often  crossed 
by  these  passes  during  the  wars  of  France  and  Savoy.  It  may  be  said  that  the 
ascent  of  the  Mont  Cenis  might  have  been  made  by  the  course  of  the  river  Cenisella, 
which  offers  on  the  Italian  side  the  usual  appearance  of  a  passage.  It  must  be  con- 
sidered that  the  Alps  were  not  explored  by  the  Italians,  but  by  their  invaders,  the 
Gauls,  who  poured  their  hordes  into  the  fertile  country  of  Italy,  to  luxuriate  in  a 
soil  which  claimed  from  them  less  labour  as  a  recompense  for  its  enjoyment. 


THE  MONT  CENIS.  45 

From  this  period  the  pass  of  the  Cenis  appears  to  have 
become  the  usual  route  for  travellers  from  France  into  Italy, 
and  frequent  mention  is  made  of  it  in  the  military  annals  of 
Piemont.  Many  writers  of  the  sixteenth  and  seventeenth 
centuries  relate  their  adventures  on  crossing  these  Alps  : 
among  them  Conde,  Cardinal  Bentivoglio,  and  other  dis- 
tinguished travellers,  have  recorded  their  admiration  of  the 
grandeur  of  the  scenes,  or  the  dangers  and  pleasures  of  their 
journey  across  these  mountains.* 

But  it  remained  for  Xapoleon  Buonaparte  to  make  this 
pass  available  to  travellers  at  all  seasons  of  the  year,  and 
associate  his  name  with  its  history  as  long  as  human  record 
can  last.  In  1802  the  first  consul  decided  upon  opening  a 
communication  by  a  grand  route  between  the  Maurienne  and 
Piemont ;  and,  after  a  careful  survey  by  M.  Dausse,  chief  en- 
gineer, of  the  different  cols  which  led  from  one  of  these  coun- 
tries to  the  other,  that  of  the  grand  Mont  Cenis  was  chosen. 

In  1803  the  works  of  the  new  road  were  begun,  and  so  far 
completed  in  1810,  that,  during  that  year  2011  carriages, 
14,037  carts  and  waggons,  and  37,255  horses  and  mules 
traversed  the  mountain. 

Xot  more  than  five  months  of  effective  labour  could  be 
accomplished  in  a  year.  Generally  the  works  began  about 
the  middle  of  May,  and  ended  in  the  beginning  of  October.f 
The  expense  of  these  astonishing  works  has  been  estimated  at 
7,460,000  francs,  nearly  300,000/.  sterling. 


*  Grosley,  in  speaking  of  the  guides  of  Lanslebourg,  says,  that  in  bearing  the 
chaise,  a  portextr,  the  old  mode  of  travelling  across  the  Cenis,  "they  relieve  each  other 
with  great  facility,  and  converse  gaily  with  their  charges,  of  the  princes,  cardinals,  and 
generals,  whom  they  have  borne  across  the  mountains,  and  on  the  generosity  of  their 
highnesses :  one  said  his  father  had  assisted  to  carry  the  Due  de  Vendome,  who  was 
le  plus  drute  de  corps  du  rnonde.  To  an  inquiry,  if  a  certain  captain  of  Algerines,  called 
Hannibal,  had  not  passed  that  way  with  a  great  army,  about  two  thousand  years  ago, 
one  replied  that  they  had  heard  speak  of  that  man,  and  that  the  people  of  the  little 
St.  Bernard  said  that  it  was  by  their  country  that  he  had  passed ;  but  that  the 
Mareschal  de  Villars  and  the  Cardinal  de  Polignac  had  assured  the  people  of  Lansle- 
bourg that  he  went  by  the  Cenis. 

|  The  scenes  in  summer,  during  the  progress  of  the  works,  must  have  been  very 
animated  :  from  the  Tavernettes  to  the  plain  of  St.  Nicolas  sometimes  more  than  two 


46  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

The  establishment  of  twenty -five  houses  of  refuge  along 
the  line  of  road,  renders  the  passage  of  the  Cenis,  even  in 
winter,  perfectly  safe.  These  houses  are  placed  on  the  spots 
the  most  dangerous,  and  become  asylums  against  the  tempests 
that  sometimes  rage  in  the  Alps. 

From  Lanslebourg  to  Susa,  about  nine  posts  and  a  half, 
this  magnificent  road  is  everywhere  thirty  feet  wide,  and  so 
easy  of  ascent,  on  either  side  of  the  mountain,  that,  from  Susa 
to  the  plain  of  the  Cenis,  the  journey  can  be  accomplished  in 
four  hours  hi  a  carriage  ;  and  from  Lanslebourg  to  the 
Tavernettes,  in  little  more  than  half  the  time. 

By  a  decree  of  the  20th  January,  1811,  the  French  govern- 
ment established  a  tax  on  the  route  of  the  Mont  Cenis,  as  a 
fund  for  the  payment  of  the  cantonniers ;  which  produced,  from 
the  1st  of  March,  1811,  to  the  1st  of  March,  1813,  328,174 
francs,  13,127/.     The  King  of  Sardinia  continues  this  tax. 

It  was,  at  one  time,  contemplated  by  Napoleon  to  erect  a 
monument  on  the  Cenis  to  commemorate  the  conquest  of 
Europe  by  the  French ;  and  twenty -five  millions  of  francs,  one 
million  sterling,  were  destined  to  its  expense.  M.  Derrin,  who 
was  engineer  in  chief,  charged  with  the  works  of  the  Mont  Cenis 
some  time  before  their  completion,  had  many  questions  sub- 
mitted to  him  by  the  French  Institute,  upon  the  practicability 
of  erecting  a  permanent  trophy  on  the  plain  of  the  Cenis. 
Too  many  difficulties,  however,  presented  themselves,  and  the 
plan  was  abandoned.  No  one  will  feel  that  its  accomplish- 
ment was  necessary  to  the  memory  or  the  honour  of  Napoleon, 
whilst  this  stupendous  work — his  conquest  of  the  Alps — is 
seen  in  the  magnificent  route  of  the  Cenis. 

o 

thousand  workmen  were  employed  ;  most  of  them  barracked  on  the  banks  of  the  lake, 
1940  metres  above  the  level  of  the  sea.  At  sunset  a  last  salute  announced  the  close 
of  the  labours  of  the  day  ;  and  during  half  an  hour,  the  reports  of  blasting  the  rocks 
reverberated  in  the  mountains  :  a  little  after,  the  camp  was  illuminated  by  the  fires 
of  the  workmen  preparing  their  evening  repast. 


_-=f? 


. 


PASSES   oj>  -i'M£   ALPS 


■ 


P.-*,-' hr  J    t 


Mil-    TO    ILLUSTRATE     THE  BOCTE    FROM   iftf    /  i/.o     MAGGfORE    TO     UTORF  E3T  THE     \fO.XT    ST  COTHARD . 


ROUTE 


FROM    THE 


LAGO  MAGGIORE  TO  THE  LAKE  OF  URI, 


BY 


THE   MONT   SAINT   GOTHARD. 


On  leaving  Italy,  to  enter  Switzerland  by  the  pass  of  the  St. 
Gothard,  the  traveller  approaches  the  Val  Levantine,  which 
conducts  to  this  mountain,  either  by  the  Lake  of  Lugano  and 
the  Monte  Cenere,  or  the  Lago  Maggiore. 

The  passage  to  Bellinzona,  by  the  Lago  Maggiore  and 
Locarno,  is  not  so  much  frequented  as  it  deserves  to  be :  tra- 
vellers from  Italy  generally  approach  Bellinzona  by  the  Lake 
of  Lugano ;  but  the  facilities  now  afforded  by  the  establishment 
of  a  steam-boat,  may  induce  many  to  make  the  longer  voyage 
by  the  Lago  Maggiore,  the  scenery  of  which  is  beautiful.  The 
proximity  of  the  Alps  gives  to  the  lake  a  bold  and  magni- 
ficent character ;  and,  whether  the  bases  of  the  mountains  sink 
into  its  waters,  or  their  summits  bound  the  horizon  in  the  dis- 
tance, reflected  from  the  placid  surface  of  the  lake,  these 
scenes  excite  emotions  of  the  grand  and  the  beautiful  which 
can  scarcely  be  exceeded. 

Locarno,  at  the  northern  extremity  of  the  Lago  Maggiore, 
is  one  of  the  chief  places  of  the  canton  of  the  Tessin,  and  is, 
alternately  with  Bellinzona  and  Lugano,  the  seat  of  the 
government  of  the  canton.  It  is  situated  at  the  meeting  of 
several  valleys  which  descend  from  the  Lepontian  Alps,  of 
which  the  Val  Levantine  and  the  Val  Maggia  are  the  principal. 
The  Centovalle,  which  leads  by  a  difficult  route,  in  fourteen 

NO.  IV. 


48  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

hours,  from  Domo  d'Ossola,  at  the  foot  of  the  Siinplon,  ter- 
minates also  at  Locarno. 

The  distance  froin  Locarno  to  Bellinzona  is  about  nine 
miles,  through  a  country  of  singular  richness  and  beauty.  The 
canton  of  the  Tessiu  has  often  been  described  as  that  portion 
of  Switzerland  which,  from  its  situation  on  the  southern  side 
of  the  Alps,  possesses  all  the  advantages  of  an  Italian  cli- 
mate :  the  soil  is  fertile,  and  its  produce  luxuriant.  The  tra- 
veller from  Switzerland  will  be  struck  by  the  almost  magical 
change  of  scenes  effected  in  his  rapid  descent  from  the  snows 
and  sterility  of  Alpine  regions,  to  the  richness  of  the  valley 
around  Bellinzona. 

The  views  presented  to  the  traveller  in  his  approach  to 
Bellinzona,  from  Locarno,  through  the  valley  of  Riviera, — a 
name  by  which  the  little  plain  is  distinguished  which  ter- 
minates the  Val  Levantine,  are  picturesque  and  beautiful, 
particularly  the  view  from  the  bridge  of  Sementina,  whence 
Bellinzona  and  its  castellated  mounts  are  first  seen  on  this 
road.* 

Bellinzona  is  the  key  to  Switzerland  by  these  Alps,  as  it 
commands  the  various  passes  which  debouche  into  the  Val 
Levantine;  —  from  the  Yalais,  by  the  Xaufaneu  ;  from  the 
forest  cantons,  by  the  Saint  Gothard  ;  from  Dissentis,  and 
the  valley  of  the  Vorder  Bhin,  by  the  Lukmanier ;  and  of 
the  Bernardin,  by  the  valley  of  Misocco.  The  important  sta- 
tion of  Bellinzona  has  exposed  it  to  sieges  and  sufferings  in 
every  contest  in  which  the  Swiss  have  been  involved ;  and 
the  Alps  afforded  to  the  people  of  Bellinzona  little  protec- 
tion from  the  hordes  of  barbarians  who  formerly  descended 
throusrh  their  valley,  or  the  late  barbarians  of  the  French 
army  who,  at  the  end  of  the  eighteenth  century,  in  the  desire 
to  extend  the  blessings  of  their  republicanism,  made  a  reckless 
sacrifice  of  the  property,  the  liberty,  and  the  fives,  of  the  Swiss. 

*  Plate  the  First.  It  would  be  well  worth  the  time  which  the  traveller  might 
devote  to  it,  to  make  an  excursion  to  Locarno  from  Bellinzona,  if  he  have  arrived  at 
this  city  by  any  other  route. 


- 


THE  MONT  SAINT  GOTHARD.  49 

Soon  after  leaving  Bellinzona,  to  ascend  the  Val  Levantine, 
the  road  crosses  the  Moesa,  a  river  which  flows  from  the  Ber- 
nardin,  through  the  Val  Misocco:  the  lower  Val  Levantine 
is  exceedingly  fertile,  but  without  picturesque  interest.  About 
eight  miles  above  the  Moesa,  near  Biasco,  the  traveller 
passes  the  entrance  to  the  Val  Blegno:  the  vast  debris  of  the 
mountain,  which  fell  across  this  valley  in  the  year  1512,  may 
be  seen  from  the  road  in  the  Val  Levantine.  The  fallen  mass 
arrested  the  course  of  the  river  Blegno,  and  formed  a  large 
lake,  which  continued  above  two  hundred  years:  in  1714  it 
burst  a  passage,  and  swept  its  way,  with  great  destruction  to 
lives  and  property,  into  the  Lago  Maggiore. 

It  is  not  until  the  traveller  arrives  near  Giornico  that  the 
passage  assumes  a  wild  and  mountainous  character ;  here  the 
torrent  is  interrupted  in  its  course  by  vast  blocks  of  granite 
Avhich  have  fallen  into  the  valley;  and  the  road  is  constructed 
amidst  rocks,  which  are  interspersed  with  large  chestnut  and 
walnut-trees,  sometimes  overhanging  the  torrent,  and  often 
heightening  the  effect  of  scenes  of  striking  wildness  and  gran- 
deur.  A  little  way  above  Giornico,  on  the  road  to  Faido,  the 
traveller  passes  over  the  field  of  battle  fought  and  won  by 
the  Swiss  against  the  Milanese  in  1478.  Their  quarrel,  which 
was  fomented  by  the  Pope's  nuncio,  originated  about  a  wood 
of  chestnuts.  A  ruse  de  guerre  renders  this  battle  memo- 
rable.  It  took  place  in  the  winter  ;  and  a  Captain  Stanga, 
who  commanded  some  of  the  troops  of  the  country,  advised 
the  Swiss  to  turn  the  waters  of  the  Tessin  over  the  roads 
and  meadows,  and  provide  themselves  with  spikes  for  their 
shoes.  In  the  mornina;  of  the  attack  the  field  of  action 
was  covered  with  ice  ;  and  the  disadvantage  under  which 
the  Milanese  fousbt  greatly  contributed  to  the  success  of  the 
Swiss  army. 

Faido  is  one  of  the  principal  places  of  the  Val  Levantine, 
but  it  is  uninteresting  both  to  the  traveller  and  to  the  histo- 
rian.   The  vine  is  cultivated  as  far  as  Faido,  but  the  mulberry 

NO.  IV.  H 


50  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

and  fig  do  not  flourish  above  Gioniico.  About  a  league  and  a 
half  above  Faido  is  the  ravine  of  the  Dazio  Grande,  where  the 
road,  in  some  places,  is  cut  out  of  the  rock  which  overhangs 
the  passage,  and  in  other  places  is  carried  on  a  terrace,  which 
is  built  upon  arches  from  the  bed  of  the  torrent.  Through 
this  defile  the  Tessin  rushes,  foaming  from  rock  to  rock,  in  a 
continued  cataract  above  half  a  mile  in  length.  This  part  of 
the  road,  which  is  very  well  constructed,  is  one  of  the  finest 
works  of  the  engineer  on  the  route  of  the  Saint  Gothard  :  it 
was  accomplished  and  is  preserved  at  a  very  great  expense. 
The  change  from  this  fearful  passage  to  the  quiet  of  the  upper 
valley,  to  which  it  leads,  is  remarkable.  At  the  head  of  the 
gorge  is  the  Dazio,  or  barrier,  where  a  tax  is  received,  to  keep 
the  road  in  repair.  Thence  the  traveller  proceeds  nearly  two 
leagues  through  the  upper  Yal  Levantine,  which  is  indus- 
triously cultivated  by  the  inhabitants  of  Piota  and  other  vil- 
lages in  the  valley ;  and,  considering  its  elevation  (three 
thousand  feet  above  the  sea),  it  is  very  productive.  On  ap- 
proaching the  defile  of  Stalvedro,  which  closes  the  head  of 
this  valley,  and  divides  it  from  the  Yal  Bedretto,  a  magnificent 
scene  is  presented.  The  mountains  of  St.  Gothard  appear 
to  tower  over  the  defile,  combining  with  their  grand  forms 
the  impressive  effect  of  eternal  snows,  and  making  the  barrier 
of  Stalvedro  dwindle  to  the  scale  and  character  of  a  dyke. 
Above  these  rocks,  on  the  right  bank  of  the  Tessin,  are  the 
ruins  of  a  tower  built  by  the  Lombards,  and  still  bearing 
the  name  of  one  of  the  latest  of  their  kings, — the  tower  of 
Desiderio. 

Near  the  gorge  of  Stalvedro  there  is  a  path  on  the  right, 
which  leads  through  the  Val  Piora,  and  by  the  pass  of  Luk- 
manier,  to  Dissentis,  and  the  country  of  the  Grisons.  On  the 
left,  the  valley  of  Bedretto  leads,  by  the  pass  of  Xaufanen  and 
the  valley  of  Eginen,  to  Obergesteln  in  the  Upper  Yalais. 

About  three  quarters  of  a  league  from  the  Pass  of  Stalvedro, 
the  traveller  arrives  at  Airolo,  a  place  where  there  is  consider- 


< 


THE  MONT  SAINT  GOTHARD.  51 

able  bustle,  arising  froui  tbe  commercial  intercourse  between 
Italy  and  the  cantons  of  Switzerland,  around  tbe  Waldstetten. 
Great  numbers  of  mules  are  kept  at  Airolo,  for  the  conveyance 
of  merchandise  across  the  St.  Gothard  as  far  as  Goschenen : 
the  road  between  these  villages  is  now  the  only  part  of  the 
route  impracticable  for  carriages.  On  the  Italian  side,  as  far 
as  Airolo,  and  on  the  side  of  Switzerland,  from  Goschenen  to 
the  Lake  of  TJri,  the  roads  are  good.  The  Swiss  cantons  in- 
terested in  the  completion  of  this  route,  have  determined  to 
render  the  passage  of  the  mountain  as  good  as  the  approaches 
to  it,  for  the  conveyance  of  heavy  merchandise.  Iu  the 
autumn  of  1825,  the  author  met  at  Airolo  the  engineers  who 
had  been  employed  upon  the  survey,  and  who  have  undertaken 
to  construct  a  carriage-road  across  the  Mont  Saint  Gothard. 

From  Airolo  a  paved  mule-path  leads,  by  a  steep  ascent, 
towards  the  summit  of  the  pass.  On  looking  back  from  the 
Capella  del  Bosco,  near  the  skirts  of  the  last  pine-forest  in  the 
ascent,  the  scene  is  very  fine,  of  Airolo,  the  Val  Bedretto,  the 
Pass  of  Stalvedro,  and,  beyond  these,  the  upper  Val  Levantine, 
and  the  mountains  which  bound  the  horizon  toward  Italy.* 
After  leaving  the  chapel,  a  difficult  zig-zag  path  leads  to  the 
entrance  of  the  Val  Tremola,  the  last  defile  on  the  ascent. 
There  is  an  air  of  great  solitude  and  wildness  about  this  part 

of  the  road;  a  miserable  little  bridge,— the  Ponte  Tremola,f 

crosses  the  torrent,  and  leads  into  the  defile,  which  is  greatly 
exposed  to  avalanches.  Siniler,  in  De  Alp.  Com.  says,  "Above 
the  village  Ayrolus,  near  the  middle  of  the  ascent  of  the  moun- 
tain, is  a  bridge  which  here  is  called  Tremulous,  and  crosses 
the  Ticinus  ;  and  in  winter  it  often  happens,  that  the  river 
being  covered  with  ice  and  snow,  travellers  pass  over  the  ice  as 
if  it  were  the  bridge,  to  go  the  shortest  way.  Sometimes  many 
venture  when  the  ice  is  not  strong  enough,  and  men,  as  well  as 
their  beasts  of  burden,  are  drowned  in  the  Ticinus.    But  when 

*  Plate  the  Second.  t  Plate  the  Third. 


52  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

you  ascend  above  the  bridge,  there  are  no  more  woods,  but 
rugged  rocks  and  precipitous  sides  of  mountains  covered  with 
snow,  which,  when  it  melts  and  falls  down,  makes  the  road  very 
dangerous  ;  for  often  the  collected  masses  of  snow  fall  from 
the  summits  of  the  mountains,  and  overwhelm  the  travellers 
passing  beneath ;  and  the  snow  is  so  agitated  by  slight  causes, 
that  the  loud  voice  or  clamour  of  those  who  pass  below  is  said 
to  move  the  snows,  which  first  tremble,  then  fall,  and,  having 
accumulated,  rush  down  with  such  violence  that  the  whole 
mountain  shakes.  But  it  would  appear  that  the  bridge  over 
the  Ticinus  is  not  called  Tremulous  because  it  actually 
shakes,  but  because  those  who  pass  over  it,  in  ascending  the 
mountain,  begin  to  fear  and  tremble  ;  so  that,  impressed  with 
a  sense  of  present  danger  by  the  very  aspect  of  the  terrific 
precipices  of  the  mountain,  they  hasten  over  the  spot  as 
quickly  as  possible,  in  silence  and  trembling." 

The  Val  Tremola  terminates  in  an  abrupt  and  rugged  ascent 
to  the  summit  of  the  pass,  where  the  sterility  of  the  scene  is 
very  impressive ;  where  the  road  winds  amidst  blocks  of  granite, 
which,  in  some  places,  form  dangerous  precipices;  and  every 
aspect  presents  desolation  and  savage  grandeur.  Amidst 
these  scenes  Suwaroff  defeated  a  division  of  the  French  arm}", 
under  General  Gudin,  on  the  24th  of  September,  1799,  and 
gained  the  Pass  of  the  Saint  Gothard.  On  the  face  of  a  large 
rock,  near  the  summit,  letters  rudely  carved  record  Suwaroff 
vtctor;  but  his  victory  was  useless,  and  his  success  of  short 
duration:  the  skill  of  the  French  generals  prevented  his  junc- 
tion with  the  army  of  the  Imperialists,  and  compelled  him  to 
make  the  welhknown  disastrous  retreat  of  the  Muttathal. 

The  desolate  summit  of  the  Pass  of  the  Saint  Gothard, 
situated  six  thousand  five  hundred  feet  above  the  level  of  the 
sea,  scarcely  deserves  the  name  of  a  plain.  An  inn  is  situated 
near  the  greatest  elevation  of  the  pass,  where  accommodation 
and  refreshment  may  be  had,  which  the  fatigue  of  attaining, 
alone,  renders  endurable.    Near  the  inn  are  the  ruins  of  a  small 


THE  MONT  SAINT  GOTHARD.  53 

convent,  which  existed  there  as  early  as  the  thirteenth  cen- 
tury :  it  was  one  of  those  admirable  establishments  that  were 
commonly  founded  on  Alpine  passes  to  relieve  and  protect  the 
traveller  in  those  otherwise  inhospitable  and  dangerous  regions. 
The  amiable  Saint  Carlo  Borromeo  is  recorded  amongst  the 
patrons  who  contributed  to  support  the  hospice  of  Saint 
Gothard.  The  convent  was  destroyed  by  an  avalanche  in  1775. 
Two  years  after,  it  was  rebuilt  upon  a  larger  scale;  but  the  war 
of  the  Revolution  in  1798  checked  its  benefits,  and  in  1799  it 
was  pillaged  by  the  fraternizing  army  of  the  French  republic. 
Some  soldiers,  stationed  there  during  the  following  winter, 
burnt  all  the  wood  of  the  building  which  they  could  collect, 
and  left  it  a  ruin,  from  which  it  has  never  been  restored.  On 
leaving  the  hospice  to  descend  the  valley  of  the  Reuss,  the 
traveller  passes  several  lakes,  the  sources  of  the  rivers  which 
stream  from  each  side  of  the  mountain,  the  Tessin  flowing 
towards  Italy,  and  the  Reuss  towards  the  Lake  of  Uri.  The 
largest  of  the  lakes  on  the  Saint  Gothard  is  called  the  Lucendro, 
and  is  the  principal  source  of  the  Reuss.  The  scene  on  the 
summit  is  wild  and  desolate,  surrounded  by  high  mountains, 
which  are  capped  by  snows  and  glaciers :  here  an  impressive 
silence  reigns,  which  is  scarcely  ever  broken,  except  by  the 
bells  of  the  passing  nudes,  or  the  song  of  the  muleteer.* 

From  the  hospice,  a  rudely  paved  road  winds  between  the 
lakes,  over  broken  and  rocky  ground,  towards  the  valley  of 
Ursern,  through  which  the  Reuss  flows  in  its  descent  to  the 
Lake  of  Uri.  There  is  no  relief  to  the  traveller  from  a  uni- 
form sterility,  until  he  arrives  at  the  village  of  Hospital,  where 
there  was  formerly  a  hospice,  founded  in  the  thirteenth  cen- 
tury, for  the  benefit  and  assistance  of  those  who  passed  that  way. 
It  is  situated  in  that  part  of  the  Yal  Ursern  which  spreads  out 
into  a  little  plain,  having  at  its  north-eastern  extremity  the 
village  of  Andermatt,  at  the  foot  of  the  passage  which  leads  to 
Dissentis  by  the  Ober-Alp  ;  and  in  the  opposite  direction,  a  road 

•  Plate  the  Fourth. 


54  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

by  the  Val  Ursern  leads  over  the  Furca  to  the  Valais.  The 
appearance  of  Hospital  is  rather  picturesque,  from  the  remains 
of  an  old  chateau,  but  there  is  no  wood  in  the  valley  :  a  small 
pine-forest  above  Andermatt,  which  was  formerly  preserved 
most  scrupulously,  as  a  check  to  the  avalanches  which  threaten 
destruction  to  the  village,  was  destroyed  during  the  campaign 
of  1799. 

There  is  a  character  of  repose  and  tranquillity  in  the  little 
plain  of  Andermatt,  which  is  strongly  contrasted  with  the 
scene  upon  which  the  traveller  enters  when  he  leaves  the  Val 
Ursern  to  follow  the  course  of  the  Reuss  ;  the  road  lies  through 
a  gallery  pierced  in  the  rock  which  overhangs  the  river,  and 
around  which  there  was  formerly  fixed  a  frame  or  scaffolding, 
upon  which  travellers  and  beasts  of  burden  were  obliged  to 
make  their  dangerous  passage.  The  present  road,  through  the 
granite  rock,  was  made  in  1707,  at  the  expense  of  the  canton 
of  Uri ;  it  is  two  hundred  and  twenty  feet  long,  and  in  height 
and  breadth  twelve  feet ;  it  bears  the  name  of  the  Uruerloch. 
From  the  gallery,  a  steep  path  leads  down  to  the  Devil's 
Bridge,  where  a  single  arch  of  seventy  feet  span,  one  hundred 
feet  above  the  cataract,  is  thrown  across  the  torrent,  which 
rushes  obliquely  beneath,  and  descends,  within  a  short  distance, 
above  three  hundred  feet.  It  is  not  possible  to  conceive  a 
more  appalling  scene  than  that  which  is  presented  at  the 
Devil's  Bridge,  by  the  height  of  the  rocks,  the  narrowness 
of  the  defile,  and  the  roar  and  rush  of  the  torrent  beneath.* 
On  the  lower  side  of  the  ravine,  the  road,  or  rather  the 
path,  by  which  the  bridge  is  left  in  passing  through  the  gorge, 
is  partly  cut  out  of  the  vast  wall  of  rock  which  rises  imme- 
diately above,  to  a  great  height,  and  partly  rests  on  arches 
firmly  built  into  the  rough  surface  of  the  rocks  beneath, 
which  serve  to  support  the  road  as  a  terrace.  The  sides  of  the 
rock  below  the  path  descend  perpendiculai'ly  to  the  torrent, 
and  a  low  wall  on  the  border  of  the  terraced  road  is  the  only 

*  Title  vignette. 


THE  MONT  SAINT  GOTHARD.  55 

protection  from  the  danger  of  falling  into  the  horrible  abyss 
beneath.  The  waters  of  the  Reuss,  in  descending  to  the 
bridge,  turn  abruptly  to  the  right  to  pass  beneath  the  arch, 
and  then  appear  to  rush  with  increased  rage  and  violence  from 
the  momentary  restraint  which  they  encountered  from  the  angle 
in  the  gulf.*  The  bridge  itself  does  not  contribute  much  to 
the  sublime  impression  which  the  scene  makes,  unless  the 
spectator  be  upon  it ;  but  it  is  impossible  to  think  of  such  a 
structure,  in  such  a  situation,  without  shuddering  at  the  idea 
of  the  danger  to  which  those  who  built  it  must  have  been 
exposed. 

The  fearful  emotions  excited  by  these  scenes  are  in- 
creased by  the  recollection  that  it  was  here  some  dreadful 
contests  took  place  between  the  French  and  the  Imperialists 
during  the  campaign  of  1799.  For  the  following  account,  from 
the  Precis  des  Evencmens  Militaires,  by  the  Comte  Dumas,  it 
would  be  difficult  to  find  a  parallel.  On  the  15th  of  August, 
1799,  the  French  General  Lecourbe,  having  joined  the  brigade 
of  General  Loison  on  the  same  day  that  he  had  carried  the  de- 
fences of  the  Mayenthal,  advanced  to  secure  the  important  post 
of  the  Saint  Gothard,  and,  about  four  o'clock,  met  the  out- 
posts of  the  Imperialists,  and  forced  them  to  fall  back  upon 
their  entrenchments  at  the  Devil's  Bridge  ;f  these  rested  upon 
the  rocks  on  the  right  bank  of  the  torrent  of  the  Reuss.  The 
French  presented  themselves  at  the  bridge,  and,  charging  the 
Austrians,  reckoned  upon  passing  it  in  the  confusion  with 
them,  when,  suddenly,  the  bridge  disappeared  between  the 
parapets.  Thirty  feet  of  its  length  had  fallen,  with  those  who 
were  fighting  upon  it,  into  the  gulf  below,  and  the  remaining 
combatants  were  separated.      This  event  forced  the   French 

*  Many  travellers  have  been  disappointed  on  arriving  at  the  Devil's  Bridge.  They 
have  been  led  to  expect,  from  the  views  usually  published,  that  the  bridge  could  be 
seen  at  a  great  height  above  them  ;  but  the  artists  had  either  invented  the  scenes,  or 
imagined  a  point  of  view  which  it  is  impossible  to  attain. 

f  Muller  conjectures  that  the  Devil's  Bridge  was  originally  a  work  of  the  Lombard 
kings,  whose  dominions  extended  northward  to  the  valley  of  the  Reuss. 


56  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

grenadiers,  who  had  advanced  to  the  charge,  to  effect  a 
retreat;  but,  borne  on  by  those  who  were  behind  them,  they 
were,  for  some  time,  exposed  to  a  murderous  fire  from  the 
Imperialists  on  the  opposite  rocks.  During  the  night  the 
Austrians  retreated  by  the  Ober-Alp,  to  avoid  being  cut  off 
by  the  brigade  of  General  Giulin,  who  had  made  a  detour  by 
the  Grimsel,  and  fought  his  way,  with  incredible  difficulty 
across  the  Furca,  to  fall  upon  the  rear  of  the  Imperialists: 
Lecourbe's  troops,  who  had,  during  the  night,  repaired  the 
bridge,  found  Gudiu's  brigade,  on  the  morning  of  the  16th,  on 
the  right  bank  of  the  Reuss,  in  possession  of  the  enemy's 
position.  The  conquest  of  the  Pass  of  the  Saint  Gothard  was 
the  consecpience,  and,  within  forty-eight  hours  of  the  general 
movement  of  the  French,  Lecourbe  was  master  of  the  summit 
and  the  valley  by  which  he  had  ascended ;  but  this  important 
passage  was  reconquered  in  little  more  than  a  month  by  the 
Russian  army  under  Suwaroff,  who  crossed  the  Saint  Gothard 
to  effect  a  junction  with  the  Austrians.  When  he  descended 
to  Andermatt,  he  found  that  the  Urnerloch  had  been  blocked 
up,  the  rocks  in  the  descent  to  the  bridge  blasted  and  strewn 
in  the  path,  part  of  the  bridge  blown  up,  and  other  obstacles 
thrown  in  the  way  of  his  advance ;  but  the  Russians,  rendered 
desperate  by  hunger  and  resistance,  re-opened  the  gallery, 
and  repaired  the  bridge,  by  throwing  beams  across,  and  lashing 
them  together  with  the  officers'  scarfs.  Hundreds  of  soldiers 
fell,  in  the  struggle,  into  the  abyss  of  the  Reuss,  before  the 
Russians  drove  the  French  from  their  position,  and  descended 
into  the  valley  between  the  Urnerloch  and  Goschenen. 

From  the  Devil's  Bridge  to  Goschenen  the  valley  is  dreary 
and  savao'e.  The  Reuss  is  twice  crossed  before  it  reaches 
Goschenen  :  in  its  course  thither  it  descends  with  so  much 
noise,  as  it  dashes  over  and  among  the  rocks,  that  it  has 
given  to  this  part  of  the  valley  the  name  of  the  Krachenthal. 
Enormous  masses  of  granite  lie  ill  the  bed  of  the  torrent  and 
on  the  sides  of  the  mountains.     Not  far  from  Goschenen  there 


- 


THE  MONT  SAINT  GOTHARD.  57 

is  an  immense  block,  which  the  people  of  the  valley  say  the 
devil  dropped  there.*  At  Goschenen,  the  traveller,  after 
having  crossed  a  mountain-torrent  which  flows  by  the  village, 
enters  upon  a  good  carriage-road  that  conducts  to  Altorf. 
Below  Goschenen  the  road  passes  heneath  forests  of  pines,  and 
through  villages  surrounded  by  cultivation.  There  are  some 
fine  points  of  view  in  descending  to  Amstag,  principally  from 
a  part  of  the  road  that  rises  high  above  the  Reuss,  which  is 
seen  foaming  at  the  base  of  a  well-wooded  ravine :  in  the  back- 
ground  of  this  fine  scene  is  the  lofty  and  beautiful  form  of  the 
Windgelle  mountain.  Soon  after  passing  the  torrent  of  the 
Mayerbach,  which  descends  from  the  Susten  Alp,  the  traveller 
crosses  the  Reuss  at  the  Pfaffensprung,f  a  bridge  of  ninety 
feet  span,  at  a  great  height  above  the  torrent:  the  situation  is 
striking,  but  from  no  point  picturesque.  Thence  through 
Amstag,  a  village  at  the  base  of  the  Windgelle,  to  Altorf,  the 
road  is  excellent,  but  without  much  interest ;  the  valley 
becomes  richer  in  wood,  particularly  in  walnut-trees  ;  it  is 
everywhere  well  cultivated,  and  the  soil  is  very  productive. J 

Altorf  has  associated  with  it  some  of  the  noblest  recollec- 
tions of  Switzerland  and  the  Swiss.  The  struggle  for  freedom 
from  the  tyranny  of  the  house  of  Hapsburg,  though  contem- 
plated by  the  people  of  the  Waldstetten,  commenced  here  in 
the  courage  of  William  Tell,  much  of  whose  history  it  is 
now  fashionable  to  consider  a  fiction.  The  author  is  unwil- 
ling to  l>e  robbed  of  the  pleasure  which  he  feels  in  believing 
it  to  be  true :  it  is  asserted  to  be  a  tale  of  an  earlier  time 
than  Tell ;  but  this  is  no  evidence  against  the  story :  such  an 
event  was  as  likely  to  have  twice  happened  as  once  ;  and  if 


*  Plate  the  Fifth. 

•f  Every  extraordinary  situation  in  the  Alpine  districts  has  its  tale  of  romance. 
The  Pfaffensprang  (the  monk's  leap)  owes  its  names  to  the  fact,  that  a  monk,  escaping 
with  a  damsel  whom  he  was  carrying  off,  leaped  across  this  gulf  with  his  prize. 

I  Before  arriving  at  Altorf,  the  traveller  crosses  the  torrent  which  descends  from 
the  Val  Schachen,  of  which  the  inhahitants  are  said  to  be  the  finest  race  of  people  in 
Switzerland.  Nearly  opposite  to  the  embouchure  of  the  Schachen  is  the  village  of 
Attinghausen,  by  which  a  road  passes  over  the  Surenen  Alps  to  the  valley  of  Engleberg. 

no.  rv.  i 


58  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

such  a  circumstance  as  that  of  the  apple  had  previously 
occurred,  it  probably  suggested  the  cruel  condition  offered  by 
Gesler  to  Tell.  A  tower  in  Altorf,  which  bears  the  name  of 
Tell's  tower,*  is  said  to  occupy  the  spot  upon  which  formerly 
stood  the  lime-tree  against  which  the  child  of  Tell  was  placed. 
The  subject  is  painted  on  the  tower  :  and  wherever  Tell  is 
represented  in  sculpture,  or  in  painting,  the  bow  and  the  apple 
are  considered  necessary  emblems.  But  perhaps  the  best 
evidence  of  its  truth  is  found  at  the  Tellenplatte,  the  rock  upon 
which  Tell  leapt,  when  he  escaped  froni  the  boat  of  Gesler. 
The  rock  is  situated  at  the  foot  of  the  Achsenberg,  and  a 
short  distance  from  Fluelen,  a  little  village,  the  port  of  Altorf, 
which  is  situated  at  the  southern  extremity  of  the  Lake  of 
Uri.  Upon  this  rock,  thirty  years  after  Tell's  death,  which 
happened  in  1358,  a  chapel  was  built  to  commemorate  the 
event  of  Tell's  escape,  and  a  series  of  pictures  in  fresco  on  the 
wall  represent  the  principal  events  of  his  life.  Shooting  at  the 
apple  on  his  son's  head  is  one  of  the  series.  In  the  year  of  the 
completion  of  this  chapel,  1388,  at  the  general  assembly  of  the 
people,  there  were  present  one  hundred  and  fourteen  persons 
who  had  known  Tell  during;  his  life  :  these  would  not  have 
allowed  a  falsehood  to  be  recorded  to  aid,  by  the  addition  of 
romance,  the  immortal  reputation  of  their  compatriot. f 

From  Fluelen  to  Locarno  is  about  twenty-eight  leagues, 
and  the  communication  by  the  Saint  Gothard  is  so  con- 
siderable, that  fifteen  thousand  persons  annually,  and  three 
hundred  horses  or  mules  laden  with  merchandise,  pass 
weekly  the  hospice  on  the  summit.  Saussure  states,  that  a 
thousand  laden  horses  pass  daily.     This  must  be  erroneous, 

*  End  Vignette. 

f  Siniond,  in  his  interesting  and  generally  accurate  work  on  Switzerland,  says, 
(vol.  i.  p.  192),  that  the  floor  of  the  chapel  is  not  more  than  three  feet  above  the  water ; 
and,  as  the  chapel  is  never  injured  by  the  stonns  on  the  lake,  asks  his  readers  to  form 
an  estimate  of  such  tempests.  The  floor  of  the  chapel  is  more  than  twelve  feet  above 
the  lake ;  and  Simond  seems  to  have  forgotten  his  own  comments  upon  Swiss  boat- 
building, page  22  of  the  same  volume.  Certainly,  if  the  bark  of  Gesler  was  like  the 
wretched  boats  which  now  ply  on  the  lake  of  the  Waldstetten,  a  little  storm  would 
occasion  great  danger. 


--HctIoh 


■ 


THE  MONT  SAINT  GOTHARD.  59 

or  the  commercial  intercourse  between  Italy  and  Switzer- 
land, by  the  Saint  Gothard,  has  greatly  fallen  off;  certainly 
the  intercourse  has  been,  lessened  in  consequence  of  the  new 
roads  by  the  Splugen  and  the  Bernardin  having  offered  greater 
facilities  to  merchants.  The  people  of  the  Waldstetten  have 
felt  this,  and  it  has  induced  them  to  decide  upon  completing 
the  pass  of  the  Saint  Gothard  as  a  carriage-road. 

An  impenetrable  obscurity  veils  the  early  accounts  of  the 
pass  of  the  Saint  Gothard,  and  leaves  it  uncertain  whether 
it  was  even  in  the  country  of  the  Lepontii.  Cassar,  Pliny. 
Strabo,  and  Ptolemy,  mention  this  people,  but  in  terms  so  vague 
and  contradictory,  that  modern  authors  are  at  a  loss  to  draw 
even  probable  inferences  from  them.  Ca?sar  and  Ammianus 
say,  that  the  Rhine  rises  in  the  country  of  the  Lepontii;  Strabo 
confounds  these  people  with  the  Rhetii ;  Pliny  states,  that  they 
border  on  the  source  of  the  Rhone ;  and  Ptolemy  writes  of  a 
town  of  the  Lepontii  in  the  Cottian  Alps ;  but  he  also  mentions 
Mount  Adula,  as  another  name  by  which  the  Lepontian  Alps 
were  known.  Puzzled  by  these  conflicting  statements,  some 
modern  authors  appear  to  have  considered  the  pass  of  the 
Saint  Gothard  as  a  line  of  demarcation  between  the  Rhetii 
and  the  Lepontii.  The  author,  resting  upon  the  authority  of 
Simler,  believes  that  the  present  pass  of  the  Saint  Gothard  lay 
directly  through  the  country  of  the  Lepontii.  The  learned  old 
Swiss  appears  to  have  investigated  the  subject  with  more  tact 
and  local  knowledge  than  any  other  author.  It  is  very  pro- 
bable, that  the  name  of  the  Yal  Levantine  has  been  derived 
from  the  Lepontians. 

The  early  history  of  the  passes  of  the  Alps,  by  which  the 
Cimbri  and  other  early  northern  invaders  descended  into 
Italy,  is  as  obscure  as  the  geographical  boundaries  of  their 
states.  By  many  it  has  been  considered  that  the  bordes  of 
barbarians  which  were  defeated  by  Alarms  descended  the  Saint 
Gothard :  it  is  probable  that  this  was  one  of  their  passes ;  and  in 
this  opinion  Denina  follows  Plutarch.  But  the  numerous  armies 
which  descended  from  the  north  into  Italy  appear  to  have  crossed 


60  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

by  the  Rhetian,  the  Carnatic,  and  other  Alps,  as  well  as  those 
of  the  Saint  Gothard.  There  is  less  uncertainty  in  the  direc- 
tion which  the  Alemauni  took  in  their  invasion  of  Italy  in 
the  fifth  century:  as  they  were  defeated  by  Majorian  in  the 
Canipi  Cannini,  or  valley  of  Bellinzona,  it  is  highly  probable 
that  they  descended  by  the  pass  of  the  Saint  Gothard.* 

The  origin  of  the  present  name  of  this  mountain,  Saint 
Gothard,  has  been  as  perplexing  as  its  early  history :  some, 
deriving  it  from  the  Celtic  words  got  and  arth,  suppose  that 
it  owed  its  name  to  the  worship  of  a  divinity  on  this  high 
mountain;  others  derive  it  from  the  Goths,  who,  when  they 
were  driven  out  of  Italy,  in  the  sixth  century,  established 
themselves  in  the  valleys  of  the  canton  of  Uri ;  but  the  most 
probable  origin  of  the  name  is  from  a  chapel  dedicated  to 
Saint  Gothard,  who  was  a  bishop  of  Hildesheim  in  the  twelfth 
century,  in  honour  of  whom  the  abbots  of  Dissentis  raised  a 
chapel  on  these  heights,  which  were  within  their  jurisdiction. 
What  is  known  concerning  this  pass  in  the  dark  ages,  has  been 
preserved  chiefly  in  the  archives  of  the  convent  of  Dissentis. 

The  truly  heroic  a°;e  of  Switzerland  was  that  in  which  the 
virtuous  and  patriotic  leaguers  delivered  their  country  from  the 
tyranny  of  the  house  of  Hapsburg  and  the  control  of  the  em- 
pire, from  1308  to  1476.  Soon  after  this  period,  the  people  of 
the  Waldstetten,  elated  with  their  success,  and  conscious  of  their 
strength,  began  not  only  to  embroil  themselves  in  quarrels  with 
their  neighbours,  but  ultimately  to  hire  themselves  as  soldiers 
to  serve  any  foreign  government,  requiring  little  excitement  to 
war  and  outrage  beyond  the  hope  of  gaiu :  they  were  always 
prepared  to  draw  the  sword  for  pay  ;f  and  when  their  services 
were  purchased  by  contending  parties,  it  sometimes  happened 

*  Gibbon  says  by  the  Rhetian  Alps,  in  a  note  expressive  of  bis  contempt  for  the 
degenerated  Romans,  who  could  boast  of  a  victory  over  nine  hundred  barbarians. 

"j"  This  mercenary  feeling  has  yet  too  much  encouragement,  and  still  dishonours 
the  Swiss.  The  author  of  this  work,  on  his  journey  in  Switzerland  in  1S25,  passed,  on 
the  Lago  Maggiore  and  the  route  of  the  Saint  Gothard,  many  detachments  of  young 
recruits,  part  of  a  regiment  raised  in  Switzerland  for  the  service  of  Naples,  and  these 
were  principally  from  the  country  of  Tell  !  Other  regiments  are  still  found  in  the 
service  of  Ferdinand  of  Spain !  in  France,  and  in  Germany. 


THE  MONT  SAIXT  GOTH ARC  61 

that  Swiss  were  opposed  to  Swiss.     About  this  period  of  their 

history,  the  passes  of  the  Saint  Gothard  and  the  Val  Levantine 
were  often  the  scenes  of  their  contests  with  the  Milanese : 
but  their  character  as  invincible  soldiers  was  destroyed  at 
the  battles  of  Marignano  and  Pa  via:  the  charm  was  ended  by 
which  they  had  often  conquered  ;  and  though  their  heroism 
was  not  less,  they  had  suffered  such  repeated  defeats,  from 
soldiers  as  brave  and  well  disciplined  as  themselves,  that  their 
blood  was  no  longer  worth  the  price  which  had  been  paid  for 
it :  and  they  returned  defeated,  and  driven  from  an  infamous 
course  to  the  honourable  employment  of  cultivating  then-  soil. 
Three  hundred  years  of  peace  followed ;  and,  except  the 
occasional  employment  of  some  regiments  on  foreign  service, 
little  is  heard  of  the  military  history  of  the  Swiss  until  the 
invasion  of  their  healths  by  the  French  at  the  end  of  the 
eighteenth  century,  when  all  that  bravery  and  desperation 
coidd  effect  was  done  by  them;  but  they  sunk  before  the 
armies  and  the  infamous  policy  of  the  French  Directory.  The 
sufferings  which  were  inflicted  upon  the  Swiss,  and  the  miseries 
which  they  were  compelled  to  endure  during  several  campaigns, 
whilst  their  country  was  the  seat  of  war  and  violence,  harrow 
the  feelings  in  the  recital.  A  note  of  Comte  Dumas,  sur 
V Invasion  de  la  Suisse,  in  the  Precis  des  Erenemens  Militaires, 
too  long  for  insertion  here,  should  be  read  by  every  one 
interested  in  the  history  of  Switzerland,  as  presenting  an 
expose  of  that  infamous  outrage  by  the  French,  which  he  has 
had  the  boldness,  though  a  Frenchman,  to  record.  At  the  very 
time  when  this  outrage  was  perpetrated,  and  they  were  upon 
terms  of  amity  with  the  Swiss,  the  Directory  resolved  upon 
"  l'invasion  d'une  terre  hospitaliere.  le  dernier  asile  des  moeurs 
antiques,  le  sejour  favori  de  la  liberte ;  et  livrerent  a  toutes  les 
horreurs  de  la  guerre  un  peuple,  dont  la  franchise,  la  bravonre, 
et  la  loyaute,  avaient  ete  justement  celebrees  dans  tous  les 
temps."  Simond,  in  his  excellent  sketch  of  this  eventful  period, 
in  the  second  volume  on  Switzerland,  gives  the  following  from 
a  narrator  of  some  of  the  occurrences  of  that  period  in  the  \  al 


62  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

Levantine:  —  "Towards  the  end  of  October  1798,  we  were 
visited  for  the  first  time  by  foreign  troops ;  a  division  of  eight 
thousand  French  having  passed  the  Saint  Gotliard,  already 
covered  with  snow,  appeared  unexpectedly  in  the  Levantina. 
We  had  no  stock  of  pi'ovisions  beyond  what  was  necessai-y  for 
our  own  subsistence  during  the  approaching  winter ;  yet  were 
compelled  to  feed  this  multitude  for  a  while,  and  permanently 
a  garrison  of  three  or  four  hundred  men  stationed  at  Airolo. 
Men  and  women,  and  all  the  cattle,  were  employed,  without 
any  salary,  in  transporting  military  stores  during  the  whole 
winter.  Early  in  March  following,  the  passage  of  the  whole 
army,  penetrating  into  the  Grisons,  brought  an  increase  of 
fatigue,  losses,  and  dangers;  and  many  perished."  These  poor 
people  were  sufferers  whichever  party  was  successful.  Between 
the  two  they  were  spared  by  neither ;  their  country  was  the  seat 
of  war  for  above  three  years,  during  which  time  they  were 
compelled  to  endure  loss  of  property,  forced  labour,  and  severe 
privation.  They  were  stigmatized  as  rebels  if  they  murmured, 
and  punished  if  they  resisted.  Many  abandoned  for  ever  this 
land  of  malediction ;  others  died  of  absolute  want. 

After  the  forcible  possession  of  Switzerland  by  the  French, 
she  was  governed  by  a  constitution  under  the  Acte  de  Mediation, 
subjected  to  the  obligation  of  furnishing  a  large  contingent  of 
troops  for  the  service  of  France.  The  self-elected  mediator  was 
Buonaparte,  whose  downfal  was  the  signal  for  her  delivery 
from  the  bondage  of  France.  Since  the  restoration  of  the 
Helvetic  diet,  and  the  integrity  of  Switzerland  as  a  nation,  her 
policy  has  been  directed  to  the  organisation  of  her  resources, 
and  to  guard  against  any  future  violation  of  her  territory. 


9  tn  w   itffKxr^cd 


- 


FA36£3      DW     THE     ALF 3 


■ 
■^  BrantAter 


Scale  "•'  I'.intlt.sh  Mi;,-, 


[>..„.»  by  ir /:,../. ^.-„  PubKsliai      h  i    ?      HodweU    "    ■•    Bo/ut  Strtvt,  Lo  '   '■■■"'^"■'' 

i///'    2T0    ILLUSTRATE    TSE  ROUTE    FROM.  MARTIGNY   TO   IVREA   BY  TILE   GREAT    S!  BERNARD. 


ROUTE 


MARTIGNY    TO    IVREA 


PASS  OF  THE  GREAT  SAINT  BERNARD. 


There  is  uo  passage  of  the  Alps  which  affords  to  the  traveller 
greater  pleasure,  either  in  the  enjoyment  or  the  recollection  of 
his  journey  to  Italy,  than  that  hy  the  Great  Saint  Bernard  ; 
for  besides  the  wildness  of  this  Alpine  pass,  and  the  beauty  of 
the  valley  of  Aosta,  through  which  the  road  to  Turin  continues 
after  it  leaves  the  mountains,  the  kind  reception  which  he  ex- 
periences froni  the  religious  community  at  the  hospice,  on  the 
summit  of  the  Saint  Bernard,  is  remembered  as  long  as  he  can 
be  grateful  for  the  devotion  which  induces  these  excellent  men 
to  offer  to  the  traveller  their  welcome,  and  spread  for  him  their 
hospitality  in  the  wilderness. 

The  road  which  conducts  to  the  Pennine  Alps,  or  the  Great 
Saint  Bernard,  from  the  valley  of  the  Rhone,  commences  near 
the  confluence  of  this  river  with  the  Drance,  at  Martigny,  a 
town  of  importance  in  early  history,  as  Octodurum,  the  capital 
of  the  Yeragri,  a  people  of  the  Yalais,  against  whom  Sergius 
Galba  was  sent  by  Julius  Caasar  to  check  the  outrages  and  rob- 
beries which  they,  together  with  the  Nantuates  who  inhabited 
the  valley  below  Saint  Maurice,  and  the  Seduni,  a  people  of  the 
Yalais  between  Yisp  and  Sion,  committed  upon  the  merchants 
who,  even  at  this  early  period,  traversed  the  Pennine  Alps.* 

*  It  is  highly  probable  that  the  passage  by  the  Great  Saint  Bernard  was  not  the 
only  one  guarded  by  Galba,  though  Octodurum  was  his  head-quarters  in  commanding 
the  Pennine  Alps ;  for  this  name  was  given  to  the  range  of  mountains  from  the  Great 
Saint  Bernard  to  the  Simplon,  which  includes  the  passes  from  Italy  into  the  Yalais 
which  are  above  the  station  of  Galba,  those  of  the  Simplon  and  the  Mont  Moro.  This 
Alpine  pass  lies  between  Visp  in  the  Valais  and  the  Val  Anzasca  in  Piedmont,  and 
the  remains  of  an  old  road  may  be  clearly  traced  over  the  Moro.     The  Val  Anzasca 

NO.  VI. 


64  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

Bourrit  says  that  the  encampment  of  Galha  may  still  he 
traced  at  Martigny,  but  this  is  uncertain  and  improbable,  though 
numerous  relics  remain  of  the  importance  of  Octodurum,  when 
it  was  a  Roman  station.  Upon  the  appointment  of  a  Christian 
prelate  in  the  Valais,  in  the  fourth  century,  he  bore  the  title  of 
bishop  of  Octodurum.  Two  hundred  years  later  the  see  was 
removed  to  Sion,  but  the  title  was  continued.  The  subsequent 
history  of  the  Valaisans  presents  few  periods  of  relief  from  the 
outrages  which  were  practised  upon  the  people  during  the  long 
struggle  of  the  bishops  of  Sion  for  temporal  power  against  the  feu- 
dal lords  of  the  Valais.  The  scene  from  the  old  castle  of  Mar- 
tigny is  very  fine,  partic  ularly  looking  up  the  valley  of  the  Rhone.* 
In  this  direction  the  view  extends  to  the  Mont  Saint  Gothard ; 
down  the  valley  the  scene  is  bounded  by  the  Jura,  and  in  the 
direction  of  the  mountains  of  the  Great  Saint  Bernard,  the  eye 
commands  the  town  of  Martigny,  and  the  estuary  of  the  Drance. 

To  ascend  to  the  pass  of  the  Great  Saint  Bernard,  it  is  neces- 
sary, after  leaving  the  inn  at  Martigny,  where  travellers  usually 
rest,  to  traverse  the  Bourg,  a  narrow  dirty  village  about  half  a 
league  distant.  A  little  beyond  this  place  the  river  Drance  is 
crossed,  and  the  road  proceeds  along  its  left  bank.  Soon  after 
passing  the  river,  a  path  on  the  right  leads  over  the  Forclaz  to 

was  distinguished  very  early  for  its  mines  of  iron,  copper,  and  gold.  Strabo  and  Pliny 
both  mention  the  gold  mines  of  the  Ictymidi,  whose  locality  the  author  thinks,  though 
D'Anville  and  Cluverius  place  it  in  Upper  Yal  Sesia,  is  preserved  in  the  name  of  Pie 
de  Muliera,  a  town  at  the  entrance  of  the  Yal  Anzasca,  where  the  gold  ore  is  reduced 
which  is  still  raised  in  the  mines  of  the  valley.  Pliny  states  that  a  law  existed  among 
the  Ictvmuli,  which  forbade  their  employing  more  than  five  thousand  men  in  the  gold 
mines ;  this  is  evidence  of  an  important  commerce  in  their  valley,  which  probably  led 
to  frequent  communication  with  the  people  of  the  Valais.  Without  admitting  this 
it  is  difficult  to  understand  why  Galba  should  have  attacked  the  Seduni  as  well  as  the 
Veragri,  and  have  taken  many  of  their  forts.  They  could  not  have  offered  any  inter- 
ruption to  travellers  by  the  Great  Saint  Bernard,  as  they  were  a  people  of  the  Valais 
far  above  the  valley  of  the  Drance. 

*  Plate  the  First.  The  old  castle,  in  a  commanding  situation  above  La  Batia,  the 
village  near  Martigny  through  which  the  route  to  the  Simplon  passes,  was  built  by 
Pierre  of  Savoy,  to  command  and  oppress  the  wretched  Valaisans,  who  were  within  the 
reach  of  his  power.  This  chateau  was  subsequently  possessed  by  the  bishops  of  Sion, 
and  the  inhabitants  of  Martigny  have  horrible  traditions  associated  with  it.  The 
round  tower  has  a  dungeon  of  great  depth,  with  which  there  is  no  communication 
except  through  a  hole  in  the  stone  floor  above  it ;  the  heart  recoils  from  the  sound 
and  emotion,  which  a  stone  dropped  into  it  from  the  chamber  above  produces. 


i 


THE  GREAT  SAINT  BERNARD.  65 

Chamouny.  The  road  up  the  valley  of  the  Drance  rises  high 
ahove  the  stream ;  but  there  is  nothing  interesting  in  this  part  of 
the  route.  After  passing  through  the  miserable  village  of  Bou- 
vernier,  the  road  crosses  the  river,  and  descends  to  the  bed  of 
the  valley ;  in  one  part  this  is  so  narrow,  that  a  gallery  has  been 
cut  in  the  rock,  through  which  the  road  is  continued.  A  little 
beyond  this  gallery,  the  river  is  again  crossed  near  to  where  the 
thick  walls  of  a  house  remain  which  the  dreadful  inundation  of 
the  Drance  in  1818  did  not  entirely  remove.  These  ruins  stand 
there  like  an  object  of  malediction.  The  height  which  the  tor- 
rent obtained  on  that  fearful  occasion,  is  seen  in  the  desolate 
and  ruined  state  of  the  valley ;  vast  blocks  of  stone,  which  were 
driven  and  deposited  there  by  the  force  of  that  inundation,  strew 
the  valley,  and  sand  and  pebbles  present  an  arid  surface  where 
rich  pasturages  were  seen  before  the  catastrophe.  The  quantity 
of  the  water  suddenly  discharged  from  the  lake  which  had  been 
formed,  and  the  velocity  of  its  descent,  is  a  measure  of  force 
which  it  is  difficult  to  conceive.* 

At  Saint  Branchier,  the  route  to  the  Great  Saint  Bernard 
leaves  the  valley  of  Bagnes  and  enters  the  Val  d'Entremont, 
where  the  traveller  is  relieved  by  rich  pasturages,  froni  the 
desolation  and  dulness  which  have  hitherto  accompanied  him 
from  Martigny.  At  Orsiere,  the  first  village  in  the  Val  d'Entre- 
mont, a  path  on  the  right  leads  to  Carmayeur,  by  the  Col  de 
Ferret,  and  to  the  Great  Saint  Bernard,  by  the  Col  de  Fenetres. 
To  continue  the  route  by  the  Val  d'Entremont,  the  river,  called 
the  Drance  of  Saint  Bernard,  is  crossed,  and  the  road  ascends  on 
the  right  bank  to  the  next  village,  Liddes,  which  is  half-way  to 
the  convent  from  Martigny.  At  Liddes  refreshment  may  be 
had,  the  chars  from  Martigny  are  left,  and  mules  are  usually 
hired  there  to  continue  the  journey  to  the  Great  Saint  Bernard. f 

*  In  half  an  hour  five  hundred  and  thirty  millions  of  cubic  feet  of  water  passed 
through  the  breach  in  the  dyke  of  ice  and  snow  which  formed  the  lake;  in  five  times 
greater  quantity,  and  with  five  times  greater  velocity,  than  the  waters  of  the  Rhine  at 
Basle,  where  the  river  is  one  thousand  three  hundred  English  feet  wide.  Of  this 
calamitous  event  the  best  account  is  by  M.  Escher  de  Lenth,  published  in  the  Bib. 
Univ.  de  Geneve  Sci.  et  Arts,  torn.  8,  p.  281. 

t  If  the  traveller  merely  visit  the  convent,  he  returns  to  Liddes  the  next  day,  and 
NO.  V.  K 


66  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

Bourg  Saint  Pierre  is  a  village  of  great  antiquity,  in  proof 
of  which  numerous  relics  and  inscriptions  are  preserved  there.* 
A  fine  cascade  in  the  neighbourhood  is  an  object  usually  visited 
by  travellers.  On  leaving  the  village,  to  ascend  the  valley,  the 
road  passes  through  an  old  gatef  which  is  situated  on  the  brink 
of  a  ravine  of  great  depth,  across  which  a  bridge  is  thrown :  its 
removal  would  render  access  to  Saint  Pierre  extremely  difficult 
on  the  side  of  the  Great  Saint  Bernard.  Beyond  the  village  the 
valley  assumes  a  character  of  wildness  and  savage  grandeur.  In 
the  forest  of  Saint  Pierre  the  path  winds  among  old  pines  and 
larches,  and  over  and  between  rocks,  which  prohibit  all  means 
of  passing  except  to  the  foot  of  the  traveller  or  his  mule ;  and, 
beyond  the  forest,  the  plain  of  Prou  is  seen  bounded  by  lofty 
mountains,  glaciers,  and  the  highest  peak  of  the  Saint  Bernard, 
the  Mount  Velan  ;J  the  river  passes  at  too  great  a  depth  beneath 
the  traveller's  feet  to  be  heard,  and  the  whole  scene  is  silent  and 
desolate.  These  narrow  and  rugged  paths  were  the  chief  obsta- 
cles to  the  conveyance  of  the  mounted  artillery  of  the  army  of 
Napoleon  in  its  extraordinary  passage  of  this  mountain  in  1800.§ 

Soon  after  leaving  the  forest  of  Saint  Pierre  a  few  scat- 
tered and  stunted  larches  mark  the  boundary  of  their  vegeta- 
tion, above  these,  the  rhododendron  holds  the  chief  rank,  but 
this  ceases  to  struggle  with  the  soil  and  temperature  before  it 
attains  the  elevation  of  the  hospice.  On  traversing  the  plain 
de  Prou,  the  glacier  of  Menoue  which  streams  from  Mount 

resumes  his  char ;  if  he  proceed  to  Aosta,  his  mule  is  usually  hired  for  Saint  Renry,  as 
another  mule  cannot  be  procured  at  the  convent,  except  from  the  chance  of  one 
returning ;  it  is,  however,  absolutely  necessary  for  travellers  from  Liddes  or  Saint 
Reniv,  the  two  nearest  stations  to  the  convent,  to  take  with  them  corn  or  hay,  as  these 
articles  are  too  carefully  preserved  for  the  mules  of  necessitous  travellers  in  winter, 
to  be  furnished  from  the  stores  of  the  convent  at  a  favourable  season.  When  mules 
are  not  thus  provided,  they  are  always  sent  for  the  night  to  the  nearest  station,  usually 
Saint  Remy,  on  the  side  of  Piedmont. 

*  Among  these  is  a  military  column  dedicated  to  the  younger  Constantine,  which, 
de  Rivaz  says,  replaced  a  statue  of  Jupiter  that  was  on  the  summit  of  the  pass  of  the 
Great  Saint  Bernard,  but  which  was  destroyed  by  Constantine  about  the  year  339. 

t  End  Vignette.  X  Plate  the  Second. 

§  Of  that  great  event,  one  incident,  in  which  Napoleon  had  a  narrow  escape,  may 
be  mentioned  here :  in  a  dangerous  part  of  the  road,  near  the  termination  of  the  forest 
of  Saint  Pierre,  he  slipped  from  his  mule  on  the  snow,  but  he  was  saved  from  falling 
over  by  his  guide,  who  caught  him  by  the  coat,  and  thus  preserved  him.  The  guide, 
who  was  a  peasant,  was  rewarded  with  a  thousand  francs. 


■    ■    i 


GMLTPffl     ®W     . 


-; 


THE  GREAT  SAIXT  BERXARD.  67 

Velan  is  a  fine  object.     Beyond  the  plain  of  Prou,  the  valley 
is  ascended  by  a  steep  and  dangerous  path  where  the  traveller 
is  exposed  to  avalanches  during  the  winter  and  spring.     It  is 
here  that  many  of  the  victims  to  the  storms  of  these"  regions 
are  found,  and  two  chalets  have  been  built,  the  one  to  shelter 
the  living,  the  other  as  a  receptacle  for   the  dead.     These 
chalets  are  called  l'h6pital.     This  spot  is  regularly  visited  in 
the  dangerous  season,  by  the  brethren  of  the  convent,  then- 
servants,  or  their  dogs,  to  search  for  and  assist  unfortunate 
travellers,  and  to  leave  some  refreshment  at  one  of  the  chalets. 
Before  arriving  at  the  convent,  the  traveller  recrosses  the 
river  on  the  Pont  de  Nudri,  and  then  ascending  by  an  abrupt 
path  traverses  a  bed  of  snow,  which  few  seasons  are  favourable 
enough  to  melt ;  here  the  roof  of  the  convent  is  visible,  and  in 
ten  minutes  he  receives  the  cheerful  and  welcome  reception  of 
the  monks  of  Saint  Bernard  at  their  dwelling  in  the  clouds,* 
where  they  exercise  a  general  hospitality  without  regard  to 
the  religion  or  the  country  of  those  whom  they  assist,  and 
voluntarily  engage  themselves,  by  vow,  to  devote  their  lives  to 
the  succour  of  those  who  traverse  the  desert  which  they  inhabit. 
The  convent  is  massive,  strong,  and  adapted  to  its  perilous 
situation,  on  the  very  crest  of  the  passage,  where  it  is  exposed 
to  tremendous  storms  from  the  north-east  and  south-west;  in 
other  directions  it  is  sheltered  by  the  mountains  Chenelletaz  and 
Mont-Mort,  for  the  name  of  Saint  Bernard,  like  that  of  the 
Saint  Gothard,  is  given  to  the  passage,  and  not  to  anv  parti- 
cular mountain.     The  chief  building  is  capable  of  accommo- 
dating sixty  or  eighty  travellers  with  beds;  three  hundred  may 
be  assisted  and  sheltered,  and  between  five  and  six  hundred 
persons  have  received  assistance  in  one  day.     Besides  the  chief 
building,  there  is  a  house  on  the  other  side  of  the  road  which 
is  generally  used  as  an  establishment  for  the  domestics.f 

•  The  convent  is  situated  eight  thousand  two  hundred  English  feet  above  the 
level  of  the  sea. 

t  This  house  is  of  modern  construction,  it  was  built  as  a  place  of  refuse  in  case 
of  fire,  which  had  twice  already  happened  since  the  foundation,  and  to  receive  neater 
numbers  than  the  convent  could  before  accommodate.  It  bears  the  name°of  the 
Hotel  de  Saint  Louis,  which  was  given  in  compliment  to  the  kings  of  France  whose 
protection  had  often  been  extended  to  this  establishment. 


68  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

The  entrance  to  the  convent  is  attained  by  a  flight  of  steps 
leading  to  what  may  be  considered  the  first  floor,  which  is 
better  adapted  for  access  in  the  winter,  when  the  snow  not  only 
lies  seven  or  eight  feet  deep  around  the  convent,  but  often 
the  drifts  rise  nearly  to  the  roof.  The  ground-floor  is  used  for 
stables,  and  store-rooms  for  wood,  &c.  The  entrance  at  the 
steps  leads  by  a  corridor  to  various  offices,  and  on  the  floor 
above,  another  corridor  communicates  with  the  refectory,  the 
separate  chambers  of  the  religieux,  and  extensive  accommoda- 
tions for  travellers,  in  which  the  neatness  and  comfort  of  the 
arrangements  add  greatly  to  an  Englishman's  enjoyment  of 
his  reception.  One  chamber  is  devoted  to  visitors,  which  may 
be  considered  the  draicing-room  of  the  establishment;  it  has 
its  elegancies, — a  piano-forte,  books,  prints,  and  pictures,  which 
have  been  presented  by  travellers.  A  cabinet  is  attached  to 
this  chamber,  which  contains  collections  made  by  the  monks, 
of  the  plants  and  minerals  of  the  Great  Saint  Bernard,  and 
many  relics  from  the  ruins  of  the  temple  of  Jupiter  on  this 
mountain;  these  consist  of  votive  tablets  and  figures,  in  bronze 
and  other  metals;  arms,  and  corns, — among  these  there  is  a 
gold  coin  of  Lysimachus  in  fine  preservation.  The  eastern 
ends  of  the  corridors  communicate  with  the  chapel,  where 
conventual  service  is  regularly  performed.* 

Strangers  are  generally  surprised  upon  their  arrival  at  the 
convent,  by  the  youth  of  the  religieux ;  not  a  member  of  the 
community,  consisting  of  twelve  or  fourteen,  who  reside  at  the 
convent,  appears  to  have  attained  the  age  of  forty :  they  enter 
upon  their  duties  at  eighteen,  and  vow  a  devotion  of  fifteen 
years  to  active  benevolence  in  these  dreary  regions,  where  but 
few  are  robust  enough  to  accomplish  their  vows  and  endure  the 
severity  of  the  winters,f  without  feeling  its  effects  in  broken 

*  In  the  chapel  is  a  monument  of  Desaix,  who  fell  at  Marengo  ;  it  was  placed 
here  by  order  of  Buonaparte,  and  the  medal  which  was  struck  in  commemoration, 
records  that  he  laid  the  first  stone. 

■j"  In  the  summer  of  1816  the  ice  of  the  lake  on  the  summit  of  the  Great  Saint 
Bernard  never  melted,  and  not  a  week  passed  without  snow  falling.  The  severest 
cold  recorded  was  twenty-nine  degrees  below  zero  of  Fahrenheit,  it  has  often  been 
observed  at  eighteen  and  twenty  degrees  below :  the  greatest  heat  has  been  sixty- 
eight  degrees  of  Fahrenheit,  but  in  the  height  of  summer  it  always  freezes  early  in 
the  morning. 


THE  GREAT  SAINT  BERNARD.  69 

constitutions  and  ruined  health.     The  religious  order  of  the 
monks  of  Saint  Bernard  is  that  of  Saint  Augustine.* 

Visitors  universally  acknowledge  the  kind  and  courteous 
attention  which  they  receive  from  these  excellent  men, 
particularly  at  table  ;  they  are  freely  communicative  re- 
specting their  establishment,  and  conversation  has  no  restraint 
but  in  the  respect  which  their  characters  demand.  The 
language  used  by  them  is  French,  though  there  are  Italians 
and  Germans  among  them :  they  are  well  informed  upon 
most  subjects,  and  intelligent  upon  those  in  which  their  situa- 
tion has  been  favourable  to  their  acquiring  information.  The 
periodical  works  of  some  academic  bodies  and  institutions  are 
sent  to  them,  and  they  have  a  small  library  which  is  chiefly 
theological.  During  their  short  summer,  their  intercourse  with 
well-informed  travellers  is  extensive;  this  gives  to  their  in- 
quiries a  propriety,  and  an  apparent  interest  in  the  affairs  of 
the  world.  A  report  had  prevailed  that  the  funds  of  the  con- 
vent had  suffered  much  upon  the  fall  of  Buonaparte,  who  had 
especially  patronised  the  establishment.  In  reply  to  inquiry 
upon  the  subject,  the  prior  informed  the  author,  that  their 
funds  were  in  a  flourishing  condition,  that  Xapoleon  rather 
impoverished  than  enriched  them;  it  was  true  that  he  had 
assisted  them  with  donations,  but  his  claims  upon  their  funds 
had  exceeded  these  benefits,  that  they  had  had  forty  men 
quartered  upon  them  for  months  together,  and  sixty  thousand 
had  passed  in  one  season,  and  all  these  had  been  assisted.  Their 
funds,  he  said,  from  the  facilities  which  peace  gave  to  travelling, 
were  now  increasing,  as  visitors  to  the  convent,  who  can  afford 
it,  are  usually  donors ;  the  money  is  always  dropt  into  a  box 
in  the  chapel,  and  is  rarely  less  than  the  parties  would  have 
been  called  upon  to  pay  at  an  inn. 

Under  eveiw  circumstance  in  which  it  is  possible  to  render  as- 
sistance, the  worthy  religieux  of  Saint  Bernard  set  out  upon  their 

*  The  distinguishing  badge  in  their  costume  is  a  very  narrow  white  band  or  scarf, 
which  by  a  slit  is  passed  round  the  neck,  and  the  ends  are  put  before  and  behind 
within  a  girdle  which  goes  round  the  waist.  The  dress  is  a  black  cloth  robe  which 
reaches  nearly  to  the  ankle,  and  buttons  in  front  from  top  to  bottom,  a  black  conical 
cap  with  a  tuft  at  the  top  completes  the  costume,  which  is  gentlemanly  and 
becoming. 


70  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

fearful  duty,  una  wed  by  the  storm,  and  obeying  a  higher  power ; 
they  seek  the  exhausted  or  overwhelmed  traveller,  generally 
accompanied  by  their  dogs,  whose  sagacity  will  often  detect  the 
victim,  though  buried  in  the  snow.  The  dogs  also,  as  if  con- 
scious of  a  high  duty,  will  roam  alone  through  the  day  and  night 
in  tbese  desolate  regions,  and  if  they  discover  an  exhausted 
traveller,  will  lie  on  him  to  impart  warmth,  and  bark  or  howl 
for  assistance.*  The  system  of  purveyance  for  the  hospice 
appears  to  be  well  regulated ;  supplies  come  from  Aosta  and  the 

*  Sometimes  the  members  or  domestics  of  the  convent  have  been  sufferers  in 
their  efforts  to  save  others.  On  the  17th  of  December,  1825,  three  domestics  of  the 
convent,  with  two  dogs,  descended  to  the  vacherie,  on  the  Tiedmontese  side  of  the 
mountain,  and  were  returning  with  a  traveller,  when  an  avalanche  overwhelmed 
them.  All  perished  except  one  of  the  dogs,  which  escaped  by  its  prodigious  strength, 
after  having  been  thrown  over  and  over.  Of  the  poor  victims,  none  were  found  until 
the  snow  of  the  avalanche  had  melted  in  the  returning  summer,  when  the  first  was 
discovered  on  the  4th  of  June,  and  the  last  on  the  7th  of  July.  One  of  these  unfor- 
tunates was  Victor,  a  fine  old  domestic,  whom  the  author  well  remembers  on  his 
first  visit  to  the  convent  in  1824.  There  is  one  scene  of  melancholy  interest  usually 
visited  on  the  Saint  Bernard — the  morgue,  or  receptacle  for  the  dead.  It  is  a  low 
building  a  few  yards  from  the  eastern  extremity  of  the  convent,  where  the  bodies  of 
the  unfortunate  victims  to  storms  and  avalanches  in  these  mountains  have  been 
placed.  They  have  generally  been  found  frozen,  and  put  into  this  horrid  receptacle 
in  the  posture  in  which  they  perished.  Here  many  have  "  dried  up  and  withered," 
and  on  some  even  the  clothes  have  remained  after  eighteen  years ;  others  present  a 
horrid  aspect,  some  of  the  bones  of  the  head  being  blanched  and  exposed,  whilst 
black  integuments  still  attach  to  parts  of  the  face.  Among  the  latest  victims  were 
a  mother  and  child.  The  air  passed  freely  through  the  grated  windows,  without 
bearing  to  the  nostrils  of  the  observer  the  foul  evidence  of  its  transition  through 
this  dreadful  place.  From  the  rapid  evaporation  at  this  height,  the  bodies  had  dried 
without  the  usual  decay.  In  a  walled  enclosure  on  one  side  of  the  morgue  was  a 
great  accumulation  of  bones,  white,  broken,  and  apparently  the  gathering  of  cen- 
turies. Upon  this  rocky  and  frozen  soil  they  could  not  bury  the  dead,  and  probably, 
as  they  dry  up  without  offence,  they  are  placed  here  for  the  chance  of  recognition. 
Some  additions  to  this  sepulchre  are  annually  made,  for  the  perilous  passage  by  this 
route  during  the  winter  is  more  frequently  undertaken  than  is  generally  imagined  ; 
many  are  prompted  by  the  necessity  or  urgency  of  their  affairs,  at  this  season,  to 
traverse  the  mountain  ;  they  are  generally  pedlars  and  smugglers,  who  travel  in 
defiance  of  storms  and  avalanches.  In  these  high  regions  the  snow  forms  and  falls 
in  small  particles  which  congeal  so  soon  and  so  hard,  that  they  do  not  attach  and 
form  flakes  in  descending  ;  and  instead  of  consolidating  beneath  the  pressure  of  the 
feet  of  the  traveller,  the  snow  rises  around  him  like  powder,  and  he  sinks  to  his 
middle  :  whirlwinds,  called  tourmentes,  raise  the  snow  in  dust ;  unable  then  to  dis- 
cover his  path,  he  falls  over  some  precipice.  The  avalanches,  too,  have  numerous 
victims  ;  those  of  spring  are  occasioned  by  the  submelting  of  the  snow,  which 
undermines  their  support.  The  winter  avalanches  are  produced  by  the  accumula- 
tions of  snow  on  the  steep  sides  of  the  mountains,  which,  having  little  cohesion,  at 
length  become  heavy  enough  to  exceed  the  supporting  power,  when  enormous  masses 
slide  off  into  the  valleys  beneath,  with  a  suddenness  and  violence  which  the  prior  at 
the  convent  compared  to  the  discharge  of  a  cannon-ball ;  these  render  the  approach 
to  the  hospice,  particularly  on  the  side  of  the  Valais,  very  dangerous. 


THE  GREAT  SAINT  BERNARD.  71 

neighbouring  villages.  Wood  for  firing  is  one  of  the  most  im- 
portant articles,  as  not  a  stick  grows  within  a  league  and  a  half, 
and  all  the  wood  which  is  supplied  to  the  convent  is  brought 
from  the  forest  of  Ferret,  a  distance  of  nearly  four  leagues.* 
The  scene  from  the  western  end  of  the  hospice,  looking  towards 
Italy,  is  sterile  and  dreary;  patches  of  snow  are  seen  on  the 
sides  of  the  mountains,  which  sweep  down  to  the  lake  ;  and 
the  Pain  de  Sucre,  a  pinnacled  mountain  on  the  other  side  of 
the  vacherie,  with  its  rocks  and  snows,  add  to  the  wildness  and 
desolation.f  A  column,  opposite  to  the  middle  of  the  water, 
marks  the  boundary  of  Piedmont  and  the  Valais;  above  and 
beyond  it,  is  the  little  plain  of  Jupiter,  where  a  temple  formerly 
stood, \  and  from  which  a  Eoman  road  led  down  on  the  Pied- 
montese  side  of  the  pass.  This  road  may  be  easily  traced  in  the 
hewn  rock,  and  the  remains  of  a  massive  pavement,  but  not  a 
vestige  of  the  temple  is  left  above  the  surface.  The  name  of  this 
mountain,  or  rather  of  this  range  of  the  Pennine  Alps,  is 
generally  admitted  to  be  of  Celtic  origin,  froni  pen  or  pen n,  a 
height,§  and  not  from  the  Pceni,  who  crossed  the  Alps  with 

*  The  consumption  of  wood  is  considerable,  for  at  the  great  elevation  of  the  hospice, 
water  boils  at  about  one  hundred  and  ninety  degrees,  which  is  so  much  less  favourable 
for  the  concoction  of  meat  than  at  two  hundred  and  twelve  degrees,  that  it  requires 
nearly  five  hours  to  effect  that,  which,  at  the  higher  temperature,  may  be  done  in  three 
hours.  Some  saving  has  been  lately  effected  in  the  economy  of  their  fires,  by  con- 
ducting hot  air  in  tubes  through  the  convent. 

t  Plate  the  Third. 

X  The  period  of  the  foundation  of  the  temple  of  Jupiter,  which  was  formerly  on 
the  summit,  is  unknown ;  but  many  of  the  bronze  votive  tablets,  which  have  been 
found  in  its  ruins,  appear  to  be  of  great  antiquity ;  they  were  placed  in  the  temple 
and  on  the  altars  by  travellers,  in  gratitude  for  escape  from  perils  in  their  journey 
across  these  Alps ;  some  are  inscribed  to  Jupiter,  others  to  the  god  Penninus.  This 
difference  probably  arose  from  the  nation  of  the  devotee,  for  when  the  Romans  became 
acquainted  with  this  pass,  the  worship  of  Jupiter  for  that  of  Penninus  was  a  change 
only  in  name,  and  Penninus  was  preserved  with  that  of  Jupiter  long  after  the  Romans 
had  extended  their  conquests  beyond  these  Alps.  The  religion,  if  not  the  temple,  had 
long  been  established  upon  these  heights  ;  from  the  fragments,  however,  which  have 
been  found  in  the  temple,  it  appears  to  have  been  a  Roman  work  of  a  time  probably 
not  earlier  than  that  of  Augustus.  The  period  of  the  substitution  of  a  military  column 
for  the  statue  of  Jupiter,  under  the  younger  Constantine,  in  the  year  339,  was  probably 
not  that  of  the  destruction  of  the  temple,  for  medals  of  the  children  of  Theodosius, 
fifty  years  later,  have  been  found  there.  It  has  been  conjectured  by  Chretien  de  Loges, 
in  his  "Essais  Historiques  sur  le  Mont  Bernard"  that  it  was  destroyed  by  the  Huns 
and  Vandals  during  their  ravages,  for  it  was  not  in  existence  when  the  Lombards 
passed  the  Alps  in  574. 

§  This  term  is  still  preserved  in  Cornwall  and  Wales,  as  Pendennis,  Pewmaenmawr. 


72  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

Hannibal.  The  territories  of  the  Veragri  extended  to  the 
summit  of  this  pass,  which  was  the  barrier  between  them  and 
the  Salassi,  a  people  of  the  Yal  d'Aosta.  On  this  mountain, 
Livy  states  that  the  Veragri  worshipped  a  god  of  the  Alps, 
Penninus,  or  Jupiter  Penninus,  and  one  of  the  earliest 
names  for  this  passage  of  the  Alps,  was  Mons  Jovis,  or 
Mons  Jovis  Penninus ;  this  was  Gallicised  into  Mont  Joux, 
by  which  it  was  generally  known  before  it  acquired  that  of 
Saint  Bernard. 

The  first  foundation  of  the  hospice  has  been  attributed  by 
some  to  Louis  the  Debounaire,  by  others  to  Charlemagne, 
whose  uncle  Bernard,  an  illegitimate  son  of  Charles  Martel, 
led  a  division  of  the  invading  army  of  Charlemagne  over  the 
Great  Saint  Bernard,  when  he  went  to  attack  Lombard}-.  The 
present  name  of  the  pass,  Saussure  supposes,  might  have  been 
derived  from  this  Bernard;  but  there  was  another  of  the  name, 
an  illegitimate  son  of  Pepin,  to  whom  Charlemagne  left  the  king- 
dom of  Italy.  To  him  may  rather  be  attributed  the  original 
establishment  of  the  hospice,  from  the  interest  which  he  would 
have  in  preserving  the  communication  with  Gaul  by  this  pass- 
age of  the  Alps,  and  with  it  have  given  his  name,  for  there 
is  historical  evidence  that  a  monastery  existed  on  the  Great 
Saint  Bernard  before  the  year  851  ;*  but  its  history  at  this 
period  is  obscm-e,  because  in  the  year  890  it  was  devastated 
by  Arnaud,  who  destroyed  the  monuments  and  records. 

The  present  hospice  was  founded  in  962,  by  Bernard, 
who  was  born  of  a  noble  family  of  Savoy,  at  the  chateau  of 
Menthon,  on  the  Lake  of  Annecy.  A  determination  at  an  early 
age  to  devote  himself  to  an  ecclesiastical  life  induced  him  to 
desert  his  home  and  go  to  Aosta,  of  which  city  he  afterwards 
became  archdeacon.  A  coincidence  of  his  name  with  that  of  the 
monaster}-  probably  influenced  his  determination  to  re-establish 

*  Siniler  mentions  that  Hartniann,  abb6  and  almoner  of  Mont  Joux,  who  was 
made  at  that  time  bishop  of  Lausanne,  had  been  chief  of  the  monastery.  De  Rivaz 
mentions  even  an  earlier  abbe  of  this  convent,  Vultgaire,  in  832 ;  and  the  annals  of 
Bertin  state,  that  Lothaire  the  Second,  king  of  Lorraine,  in  859,  made  a  treaty  with 
his  brother,  the  emperor,  Louis  the  Second,  by  which  he  ceded  to  him  Geneva, 
Lausanne,  and  Sion,  but  reserved  particularly  Vhdpital  du  Saint  Bernard,  which 
proves,  says  Saussure,  the  importance  of  this  passage,  and  the  name  which  it  bore. 


THE  GREAT  SAINT  BERNARD.  73 

the  hospice  on  Mont  Joux,  of  which  he  became  the  chief.  He 
founded  at  nearly  the  same  time  the  hospice  on  the  Little  Saint 
Bernard,  and  gave  to  them  the  name,  and  placed  them  under 
the  protection,  of  his  favourite  saint,  Nicolas  de  Myre,  as  tute- 
lary patron  of  these  establishments ;  by  degrees  the  name  of  the 
devotee  was  joined  to  that  of  the  saint,  and  after  the  canoniza- 
tion of  Bernard,  his  name  superseded  that  of  all  others,  and  has 
continued  attached  to  the  hospice  since  1123.  The  attempt  of 
Constantine  to  destroy  the  worship  of  Jupiter  had  not  entirely 
succeeded,  but  Saint  Bernard  rooted  out  the  remains  of  pa- 
ganism, and  founded  an  establishment  for  active  benevolence  to 
which  thousands  have  been  indebted.  He  died  in  1008,  after 
having  governed  the  convent  upwards  of  forty  years.  For  some 
time  after  the  death  of  Saint  Bernard,  the  hospice  was  exposed  to 
frequent  outrages,  from  barbarians  who  traversed  the  mountains ; 
and  its  records  of  the  eleventh  century  present  a  succession 
of  calamities.  The  Saracens  overran  the  country,  carrying  fire 
and  sword  into  the  Alpine  valleys ;  the  monastery  of  Mont  Joux 
was  burnt,  and  its  ruins  became  a  station  of  brigands  who  plun- 
dered or  exacted  an  exorbitant  payment  from  all  passengers 
through  a  barrier  which  they  established  at  the  south-west  ex- 
tremity of  the  lake.  The  Normans  having  determined  to  expel 
these  marauders,  broke  down  the  barriers,  and  killed  the  guard. 
Still  outrages  continued  ;  and  Canute,  king  of  England  and 
Denmark,  among  others,  complained  to  the  pope  and  the  em- 
peror of  the  horrors  and  violence  committed  in  the  Alps  upon 
his  subjects  going  on  pilgrimages  to  Rome,  who  seldom  ven- 
tured to  traverse  these  mountains,  unless  in  companies  of  four 
or  five  hundred.  His  complaints  were  regarded,  the  tolls  of 
the  passage  were  abolished,  and  Canute,  in  consequence,  wrote 
to  his  bishops  and  prelates,  informing  them,  that  he  had 
secured  the  safety  of  the  pilgrims  in  the  route  of  the  Pennine 
Alps.  The  brigands  were  driven  out;  good  order  succeeded 
to   outrage,  and   the  convent  was  re-established.*      It  soon 

*  In  the  contests  of  the  Emperor  Frederic  Barbarossa  with  Pope  Alexander  III., 
and  Humbert,  Count  of  Maurienne,  diplomas  of  protection  were  given  by  them  to  the 
convent,  for  the  security  of  persons  and  property  belonging  to  the  monastery.  It  was 

NO.  V.  L 


74  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

acquired  great  celebrity  and  opulence.  As  early  as  1177  it  had, 
in  various  diocesses,  eighty-eight  benefices,  in  priories,  cures, 
chateaux,  and  farms ;   it  had  lands  in  Sicily,  in  Flanders,  and 
in  England.    Its  climax  of  riches  and  importance  was  in  1480, 
when  it  possessed  ninety-eight  cures  alone.    Subsequently,  how- 
ever, the  Reformation,  political  changes  in  the  states,  loss  of  dis- 
tant property,  disputes  with  the  popes,  with  the  neighbouring 
states,  and  with  each  other,  drove  the  monks  of  Saint  Bernard  to 
seek  even  eleemosynary  assistance.    The  very  land  upon  which 
their  noble  duties  are  performed  has  been  the  subject  of  disputes 
between  the  neighbouring  states.    Sardinia  claimed  it  as  within 
a  frontier  extending  to  the  bridge  of  Nudri,  on  the  northern 
side ;  but  the  Valaisans  established  a  claim  to  it  as  within  the 
diocess  of  Sion,  by  bulls  of  the  popes  from  Leo  IX.  to  Benoit 
XIV.     The  hospice,  therefore,  stands  within  the  canton  of  the 
Valais ;  but  its  authority  extends  only  to  the  middle  of  the  lake, 
on  the  borders  of  which  a  column  is  fixed  as  a  line  of  demarca- 
tion ;  and  the  excellent  brethren  of  Saint  Bernard  had  not  only 
all  their  property  within  the  state  of  Sardinia  taken  froin  them, 
but  they  are  actually  taxed  by  this  state  for  the  use  which  they 
make  of  the  summer  pasturage  of  the  vacherie.     Very  little 
property  in  land  still  belongs  to  the  hospice ;    a  vineyard  at 
Clarens,*  and  a  farm  at  Roche,  in  the  Pays  de  Vaud,  are  the 
principal :    these  resources  are  small,  and  in  aid  of  them  col- 
lections are  regularly  made  in  the  Swiss  cantons,  but  this  has 
been  sometimes  abused  by  impostors  who  have  collected  as  the 
agents  of  the  hospice. 

On  leaving  the  convent  to  descend  to  the  valley  of  Aosta, 
the  route  lies  on  the  borders  of  the  lake,  below  a  path  which 


one  of  the  very  few  objects  in  which  emperors,  sovereign  pontiffs,  and  other  distin- 
guished persons,  disputed  the  glory  of  fostering  and  protecting  a  foundation  so 
important  to  humanity. 

*  The  22d  note  of  the  Third  Canto  of  Childe  Harold  contains,  to  the  disgrace  of 
Lord  Byron,  a  sneer  at  the  establishment  on  the  Saint  Bernard,  for  having,  he  says, 
cut  down  the  "Bosquet  de  Julie" — "with  brutal  selfishness,  that  the  ground  might 
be  inclosed  into  a  vineyard  for  the  miserable  drones  of  an  execrable  superstition  ;"  he 
would  thus,  for  the  sake  of  Rousseau,  set  the  worthlessness  of  this  "  Bosquet"  against 
the  utility  and  value  of  a  vineyard,  the  most  valuable  sort  of  property  near  the  lake 
of  Geneva,  which  was  to  be  employed  so  entirely  in.  the  service  of  humanity ! 


THE  GREAT  SAINT  BERNARD.  75 

on  the  right  hand  loads  to  the  plain  of  Jupiter.     At  the  ex- 
tremity of  the  lake,  the  road  overhangs  a  stream  which  issues 
from  it.     At  this  point  a  traveller  from  Aosta  first  catches  a 
view  of  the  hospice,  buried  in  a  defile  formed  by  the  moun- 
tains which  rise  high  above  the  passage,  and  closed  in  the 
back-ground  by  Mont  Velan.*     On  leaving  this  rocky  barrier 
the  road  turns  abruptly  to  the  right,  and  sweeps  far  round  to 
obtain  a  gradual  descent  to  the  vacherie,  the  pasturage  above 
Saint  Eemy;  the  scene  is  wild,   barren,   and  extensive,  and 
bounded  by  the  lofty  summits  of  the  mountains  on  the  southern 
side  of  the  valley  of  Aosta,  it  is  greatly  exposed  to  storms, 
but  the  contrasts  which  arise    from   the  weather   in  Alpine 
scenes,  is  striking ;    sometimes,  but  rarely,  it  is  bright  and 
cloudless,    at   others,    the    clouds   lie  beneath    the  traveller's 
station,    reposing  like  a  zone  on  the   mountain,  or   midway 
overhanging  the  valleys,  presenting  the  appearance  of  a  tran- 
quil lake.f    Masses  of  snow,  which  are  rarely  melted,  lie  on  the 
side  of  the  Mont-Mort,  and  fill  the  ravines  and  fissures  of  the 
vast  basin  which  forms  the  vacherie;  over  these  masses  of  snow 
the  fearless  peasants  descend  with  great  swiftness  and  safety  to 
the  chalets,  a  transit  which  saves  half  an  hour  in  the  descent.! 

*  Title  Vignette.  f  Plate  the  Fourth. 

J  It  was  from  this  slope  that  the  avalanche  descended  which  overwhelmed  poor 
Victor  and  his  unfortunate  companions.  It  was  also  down  those  beds  of  snow,  much 
more  extensive  in  May,  the  season  of  his  passage,  that  Napoleon  slid  with  his  soldiers, 
boldly  following  the  example  of  some  of  his  troops  and  encouraging  the  army,  which 
had  encountered  so  much  difficulty  and  danger,  in  its  march  across  these  Alps,  from 
the  13th  to  the  20th  of  May,  1800  ;  when  such  an  attempt  was  fraught  with  danger 
from  the  exposure  of  the  army  to  avalanches,  which  in  the  spring  fall  frequently  in 
the  narrow  and  most  dangerous  parts  of  the  route.  The  passage  of  the  army  under 
such  circumstances,  with  its  artillery  and  material,  is  one  of  the  most  stupendous 
military  events  on  record.  Under  the  directions  of  General  Marmont,  who  com- 
manded the  artillery,  and  Gassendi,  the  inspector  of  the  ordnance,  the  cannon  were 
dismounted  and  placed  in  hollow  trunks  of  trees,  and  thus  dragged  up  the  steep  and 
dangerous  ascents  by  one  half  of  a  battalion,  whilst  the  other  half  carried  their  own 
and  their  comrades'  arms  and  accoutrements,  with  provisions  for  five  days.  The  gun- 
carriages  and  ammunition  wagons  were  taken  to  pieces,  placed  on  mules,  and  thus 
conveyed  across  the  mountain.  The  soldiers  were  often  obliged  to  walk  in  single 
file,  and  when  the  head  of  a  column  rested,  it  checked  those  behind  ;  availing  them- 
selves of  the  halt,  the  soldiers  refreshed  themselves  with  biscuits  steeped  in  melted 
snow,  then  again  advancing,  they  beguiled  their  labour  and  renewed  their  energies 
under  the  inspiration  of  national  songs. 


76  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

From  the  vaclierie  a  safe  and  easy  path  leads  down  to  Saint 
Reray,  where  chars  may  he  procured  for  Aosta.  The  route 
helow  Saint  Eemy  is  dull  and  uninteresting,  through  Saint 
Oven  and  Etroubles;  and  except  a  fine  peep  into  the  Val 
Pellina,  from  near  Gignod,  the  traveller  descends  to  Aosta 
without  passing  any  scene  that  can  interest  him.  Aosta,  for- 
merly Augusta  Pnetoria,  is  a  place  of  great  antiquity,  and 
was  known  as  Cordele,  the  chief  city  of  the  Salassi,*  who 
possessed  the  valley  of  Aosta. 

The  journey  from  Aosta  to  Chatillon  lies  through  the  most 
beautiful  part  of  the  valley,  it  abounds  with  fine  forests  and 
old  chateaux  in  romantic  situations.  One  of  these,  the  Cha- 
teau Quart,  a  league  fi-om  Aosta,  is  seen  amidst  the  woods 
on  the  northern  side  of  the  valley ;  from  it  the  scene  looking 
towards  Aosta  is  very  beautiful.f  There  are  few  of  the  cas- 
tellated ruins,  with  which  this  part  of  the  valley  abounds, 
which  will  not  repay  the  traveller  for  the  trouble  of  attaining 
them,  their  situations  are  so  commanding  and  beautiful.  Xuz 
and  several  other  picturescpie  villages  are  passed  on  the  road 
to  Chatillon,  a  town  surrounded  by  magnificent  scenery ; 
it  is  entered  over  a  bridge  of  a  single  arch  across  a  deep 
ravine,  through  which  the  torrent  passes,  which  descends  by 
the  Val  Tournanche,  from  Mont  Cervin,  to  fall  a  little  below 
Chatillon  into  the  Doire.  Soon  after  leaving  Chatillon  the  tra- 
veller passes  through  the  village  of  Saint  Vincent,  near  to  which 
there  is  a  mineral  spring,  and  below  it  in  the  road,  there  is  a 

*  This  people  was  conquered  in  the  seven  hundred  and  twenty-eighth  year  of 
Rome,  by  Terentius  Varro,  a  general  of  Augustus  ;  he  reduced  the  city  to  ashes,  and 
turned  the  stream  of  the  Batier,  which  descends  from  the  Great  Saint  Bernard,  into 
the  subterranean  retreats  of  the  Salassi,  and  captured  forty-four  thousand  ;  of  these 
eight  thousand  were  sold  at  Ivrea.  Three  thousand  soldiers,  drawn  from  the  praeto- 
rian cohorts,  were  stationed  there  ;  and  the  city,  after  the  return  of  Augustus  from 
Gaul,  was  rebuilt  and  called  Augusta  Pnetoria.  Many  Roman  remains  attest  its 
former  importance,  and  among  these  a  triumphal  arch,  which  was  erected  in  honour 
of  Augustus,  and  in  commemoration  of  his  conquests  of  the  people  of  the  Alps. 
Time  has  destroyed  an  inscription  which  was  on  the  architrave,  but  the  arch  is  still 
in  tolerable  preservation.  Aosta  was  erected  into  a  bishopric  early  in  the  seventh 
century  ;  in  1093  its  seat  was  occupied  by  the  notorious  and  haughty  Saint  Anselm, 
afterwards  archbishop  of  Canterbury. 

t  Plate  the  Fifth. 


THE  GREAT  SAINT  BERNARD.  77 

bridge  called  the  Pont  de  Sarrasins  of  singular  form  thrown 
over  a  gorge,  whence  the  view  up  the  valley  towards  Chatillon 
and  the  Chateau  d'Usselle  is  very  fine.  A  little  below  the 
bridge  the  valley  narrows  to  a  defile,  formed  by  the  base  of 
Mont  Jovet,  and  the  road,  which  turns  abruptly  to  the  right, 
is  cut  like  a  lateral  furrow  out  of  the  rock,  which  in  many 
places  overhangs  the  road,  whilst  towards  the  ravine,  it  is 
guarded  by  a  wall,  beneath  which  the  torrent  of  the  Doire 
rushes  at  a  frightful  depth.  Above  the  road  on  the  left  is  the 
chateau  of  Saint  Germains.*  The  road  through  this  defile, 
thus  cut  out  of  the  precipitous  side  of  the  rocks,  was  an  early 
work  of  the  Romans,  but  subsequently  widened  and  improved, 
at  a  great  expense,  by  the  monks  of  Saint  Bernard,  to  facili- 
tate the  communication  with  their  mountains,  the  access  to  the 
mineral  springs  of  the  valley,  and  the  baths  of  Courmayeur. 
An  inscription  cut  in  the  rock  records  this  service. 

About  a  league  and  a  half  below  the  defile  of  Mont  Jovet, 
is  the  town  of  Yerres,  thence  the  road  continues  along  the 
banks  of  the  Doire,  and  among  scenes  of  great  richness  and 
beauty  to  Fort  Bard,  where  the  valley  narrows  rather  suddenly. 
and  the  course  of  the  river  is  through  a  sorsre  formed  by  vast 
rocks  which  block  up  the  valley,  and  renders  Fort  Bard  a 
military  position  of  great  strength. f 


*  Plate  the  Sixth. 

t  When  the  army  of  Italy,  on  its  way  from  the  passage  of  the  Great  Saint  Bernard, 
to  reap  the  laurels  of  Marengo,  arrived  at  Fort  Bard,  it  was  cheeked  by  an  Austrian 
garrison  of  four  hundred  men.  The  strength  of  the  position  may  be  conceived  by  the 
number  placed  there  to  defend  it.  This  check,  if  effectual,  would  have  been  fatal  to 
the  French  army  ;  its  rations  would  have  been  exhausted  in  a  few  days,  and  sufficient 
supplies  by  the  Great  Saint  Bernard  were  hopeless.  Buonaparte's  impatience  and 
inquietude  were  excessive.  He  ordered  an  assault,  the  town  was  entered,  but  the 
street  terraced  out  of  the  rock,  through  which  the  route  lay,  was  commanded  almost 
within  pistol-shot  by  the  fort.  The  most  daring  attempts  by  the  French  grenadiers 
to  take  the  fort  were  defeated,  and  an  attempt  to  pass  without  silencing  the  batteries 
would  have  been  certain  destruction.  During  this  affair,  however,  a  party  of  fifteen 
hundred  men,  though  exposed  to  the  fire  of  the  fort,  had  climbed  the  rocks  and  pre- 
cipices of  the  Albaredo,  a  mountain  above  the  town,  and  succeeded  in  conveying,  but 
with  incredible  danger  and  difficulty,  a  four-pounder  to  the  point  of  a  rock,  which 
commanded  the  fort,  where  it  was  successful  in  checking  the  battery  which  annoyed 
the  troops  in  this  ascent.  Generals  Berthier  and  Marmont  now  prepared  for  passing 
through  the  town  with  the  main  army  by  night ;  litter  was  strewn  in  the  street,  and 


78  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

The  descent  from  Fort  Bard  to  Donas  is  short  but  steep, 
and  cut  out  of  the  rock  as  at  the  defile  of  Mont  Jovet,  an 
arch  of  rock  which  has  been  cut  through,  a  Roman  work,  still 
remains.  This  part  of  the  road  is  one  of  the  points  of  evi- 
dence which  has  been  strongly  urged  in  support  of  the  opinion 
that  Hannibal  passed  by  the  Great  Saint  Bernard.  The 
tradition  is  preserved  among  the  inhabitants  that  Hannibal 
passed  through  this  valley,  and  some  early  historians  state  that 
an  inscription  on  the  side  of  this  road  cut  in  the  rock  was  seen 
by  them.  Luitprand,  a  bishop  of  Cremona,  in  the  tenth  cen- 
tury, says,  that  he  saw  entire  transitus  annibalis  ;  and  Paul 
Jovius  says,  that  "there  are  letters  shewn,  which  are  engraved 
upon  the  rocks  at  Barr,  a  monument  of  Hannibal  having 
passed  that  way."  Such  an  inscription  no  longer  exists,  but 
if  this  evidence  be  satisfactory  of  the  passage  of  Hannibal 
here,  it  by  no  means  confirms  his  passage  by  the  Great  Saint 
Bernard,  for  it  applies  with  equal  force  to  the  passage  of  the 
Little  Saint  Bernard,  which  also  leads  into  Italy  by  the  Val 
d'Aosta.  From  Donas  the  road  descends  to  Saint  Martins,  a 
town  surrounded  by  high  rocks,  and  where  a  bold  and  lofty 
arch  crosses  the  torrent  which  descends  from  the  Monte  Rosa 
by  the  Val  de  Lys.  Here  the  valley  of  Aosta  may  be  said  to 
terminate ;  the  mountains  lower,  the  hills  slope  down  into  the 
plains  of  Italy ;  and,  after  passing  through  Setto  Vittone,  the 
traveller  arrives  at  Ivrea,  whence  roads  branch  off  to  Milan 
and  to  Turin. 

the  wheels  of  the  cannon  and  wagons  were  bound  with  hay-bands,  to  deaden  the  sound 
of  their  passage.  A  party  of  soldiers  had  succeeded  in  raising  a  gun  into  the  belfry 
of  a  church  which  commanded  one  of  the  gates  of  the  fort.  With  the  darkness  the 
march  began,  but  the  wary  enemy  opened  a  tremendous  and  destructive  fire.  Each 
gun  of  the  French  army  was  drawn  by  fifty  soldiers,  who  passed  beneath  the  shot, 
grenades,  and  pots  de  feu  of  the  Austrians,  with  as  much  silence  and  speed  as  possible. 
Fortunately  the  gun  in  the  belfry  was  so  efficiently  served,  that  it  destroyed  the  gate 
of  the  fort,  which  it  commanded  ;  and  the  Austrians,  fearing  an  immediate  assault 
at  that  point,  surrendered. 


1 


- 


■ 


ROUTE 


BOTZEN    TO    MILAN, 


THE    PASS    OF   THE    MONTE    STELVIO. 


The  great  military  road  over  the  Monte  Stelvio,  by  which  the 
Emperor  of  Austria  has  recently  opened,  across  the  Alps,  a 
new  line  of  communication  between  his  German  and  his  Italian 
states,  is  a  work  of  great  political  importance,  as  it  will  enable 
him,  hi  case  of  necessity,  to  descend  directly  upon  Milan, 
without  violating  the  territory  or  infringing  the  privileges  of 
any  other  government  in  his  line  of  march. 

From  Vienna,  two  roads  communicate  with  Milan  by  the 
Stelvio  :  one  of  these  leads  by  Saltzburg,  Inspruck,  and  the 
Oberinn-thal,  to  Nauters,  and  thence  by  Mais  to  Prad ;  the 
other  by  Clagenfurt,  and  through  the  Puster-thal,  enters  the 
route  from  Botzen  to  Inspruck  at  Brixen,  and  thence,  after 
descending  the  road  to  Botzen,  turns  iuto  the  upper  valley 
of  the  Adige,  ascends  by  Meran,  and  crossing  the  river  by 
the  bridge  of  Spandinig,  falls  into  the  other  road  by  the 
Oberinn-thal  at  Prad.  From  Prad  the  new  road  is  led  by 
the  base  of  that  gigantic  mountain  of  the  Tyrol,  the  Ortler- 
spitz,  to  traverse  the  Alps  at  the  pass  of  the  Stelvio,  thence 
it  descends  to  Bormio,  and,  after  following  the  course  of  the 
Adda  through  the  Valteline  to  Colico,  on  the  lake  of  Como, 
sweeps  along  the  shores  of  the  Take  to  Lecco.      From  this 

NO.  VI. 


80  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

place  two  roads  branch  off  to  Milan  ;  the  one  by  Monza,  the 
other  by  Erba  and  Como. 

The  new  road  is  not  less  interesting  to  the  engineer  than 
to  the  politician.  The  great  height  to  which  it  was  necessary 
to  carry  the  road,  the  summit  of  the  passage  being  9091 
English  feet  above  the  level  of  the  sea, — the  nature  of  the 
ground  over  which  it  has  been  constructed,  and  the  narrow 
and  dangerous  denies,  now  sheltered  by  galleries,  beneath 
which  the  traveller  passes  in  safety, — presented  difficulties  to 
the  engineer  at  least  as  great  as  those  which  opposed  the 
construction  of  the  routes  made  by  the  order  of  Napoleon. 
For  the  accomplishment  of  this  splendid  undertaking,  a  credit, 
not  less  than  that  which  was  awarded  to  the  merit  of  M.  Ceard, 
the  engineer  of  the  Simplon,  is  due  to  Signor  Carlo  Donegani, 
the  engineer  of  the  Stelvio  ;  though  his  labours  will  be  less 
permanent,  froni  the  nature  of  the  road  and  its  exposure  to 
destruction,  particularly  in  the  spring,  when  the  masses  of 
rock,  which  are  loosened  by  frost,  or  detached  by  avalanches 
from  the  mountains  which  bound  the  Pass  of  the  Stelvio, 
sweep  across  the  zig-zag  terraces  of  the  upper  part  of  the 
road. 

The  scenery  throughout  the  route  from  Botzen  to  Milan, 
which  the  author  now  proposes  to  illustrate,  is  rich  and  varied, 
abounding  in  the  sublime,  the  beautiful,  and  the  picturesque, 
from  the  glaciers  of  the  Ortler- Spitz  to  the  shores  of  the 
lake  of  Como,  and  through  the  rich  valleys  of  the  Adige  and 
the  Adda. 

Botzen  is  situated  in  the  former  valley,  near  the  confluence 
of  the  Eisach  and  the  Adige,  in  a  little  plain  of  great  fertility, 
where,  beneath  the  shelter  of  surrounding  mountains,  the 
pomegranate  ripens,  and  the  fruits  of  northern  Italy  abound. 
In  ascending  the  vale  of  the  Adige  to  Meran,  the  richness 
of  the  country,  and  the  luxuriant  productiveness  of  the  soil, 
cannot  fail  to  attract  the  attention  of  the  traveller ;  and  the 
old  castles,  so  common  in  the  Tyrol,  are  in  no  part  of  it 


'■'■ 


"Eiigv  •  ■  ■ 


THE  MONTE  STELVIO.  81 

more  numerous.  Almost  every  rock  which  projects  into  the 
valley  is  surmounted  with  this  evidence  of  the  baronial  power 
of  the  Middle  Ages. 

Meran  is  delightfully  situated  on  the  river  Passer,  near 
to  its  confluence  with  the  Adige,  and  seems  nooked  into  the 
angle  which  is  here  formed  in  the  valley  of  the  Adige. 
Botzen  lies  S.S.E.  below  Meran  ;  whilst  the  road  through 
the  valley  above  this  town  is  continued  nearly  west :  thus 
backed  on  the  north  and  east  by  lofty  mountains,  its  little 
territory  is  one  of  the  richest  in  the  valley.  In  the  immediate 
neighbourhood  of  Meran  is  the  village  of  Tyrol,  which  gives 
its  name  to  the  country ;  it  is  seen,  on  the  approach  to  Meran, 
overhanging  the  valley,  and  it  well  deserves  the  sacrifice  of 
an  hour  to  enjoy  the  views  presented  from  its  site.  After 
climbing;  the  richlv  wooded  side  of  the  hill,  and  through  vine- 
yards  and  pastures,  the  traveller  attains  the  village  ;  but  the 
ground  behind  the  old  castle  is  the  spot  which  well  repays  him 
for  the  trouble  of  getting  there.  Beneath  him  is  spread  out 
the  beautiful  valley  from  Meran  to  Botzen,  which  is  bounded 
in  the  horizon  by  the  mountains  beyond  Trent ;  and  on  the 
right  the  upper  valley  rises  to  where  the  vista  terminates  in 
the  mountains  of  the  Ortler- Spitz.* 

From  Tyrol  the  traveller  can  descend  to  the  high  road, 
and  proceed  up  the  valley  without  returning  to  Meran  ;  and 
from  a  part  of  the  road,  where  it  skirts  a  ravine,  a  little 
beyond  the  path  froin  Tyrol,  the  view  looking  back  upon 
Meran  and  Tyrol  is  very  fine. 

The  ascent  of  the  valley  continues  with  little  variety;  the 
scenes  are  generally  beautiful,  and  the  picturesque  is  often 
aided  by  the  ruins  of  feudal  castles.  The  road  passes  beneath 
one  of  these,  which  frowns  immediately  over  the  village  of 
Gastenbell.f  A  little  beyond  this  castle  the  route  crosses  the 
Adige  to  its  right  bank,  and,  after  passing  through  Latsch, 

»  Plate  the  First  f  End  Vignette. 

NO.  VT.  M 


82  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

recrosses  the  river  to  Schlanders.  Above  this  town  the  height 
of  the  valley  is  perceptible  in  the  character  of  its  vegetation, 
though  its  productions  are  still  rich  and  abundant.  The 
traveller  passes  numerous  villages  before  he  arrives  at  the 
bridge  of  Spandinig,  where  he  enters  upon  the  road  from  the 
Oberinn-thal  by  Mais :  this  bridge,  which  is  one  of  the  works 
of  the  new  route  by  the  Stelvio,  and  constructed  of  wood,  is  of 
great  length,  and  for  military  purposes  may  be  wide  enough, 
but  for  commercial  ones  it  is  certainly  too  narrow.*  The 
bridge  is,  in  fact,  only  nine  feet  wide,  though  it  is  three 
hundred  feet  long  :  it  is  difficult  to  understand  the  policy  or 
economy  of  this  disproportion.  From  the  southern  side  of 
the  bridge  the  route  passes  directly  off  towards  the  mountains, 
and,  after  traversing  a  little  plain,  enters  the  deep  valley  which 
leads  to  the  base  of  the  Ortler-Spitz.  At  a  short  distance 
from  the  bridge  of  Spandinig  is  the  village  of  Prad,  where 
few  accommodations  are  yet  provided  for  travellers,  though 
they  are  necessaiy  from  the  situation  of  this  village,  where 
the  day's  journey  of  those  who  pass  the  Stelvio,  commences 
or  terminates. f 

Shortly  after  leaving  Prad,  the  road  ascends,  and  soon 
enters  a  deep  and  narrow  valley  to  Gomagoi,  where  a  barrier 
is  established  for  the  examination  of  passports  ;  and  a  little 
beyond,  the  magnificent  mountain  of  the  Ortler-Spitz  opens 
suddenly  to  the  view  of  the  traveller,  with  a  vast  and  appalling 
effect,  as  it  is  seen  from  its  extreme  summit  to  its  base,  robed 
in  everlasting  snows,  which  descend  on  its  sides  in  enormous 
glaciers,  and  stream  into  the  valley  below  the  road.  Immense 
masses  of  rock,  in  themselves  mountains,  throw  out  their 
black  and  scathed  forms,  in  striking  contrast  with  the  bright- 

*  The  charrette  in  which  the  author  travelled  this  route  was  met  on  the  bridge  by 
another  little  carriage  heavily  laden :  the  bridge  was  too  narrow  to  allow  them  to 
pass,  and  it  was  necessary  to  detach  the  author's  horse,  and  lift  one  vehicle  over  the 
other. 

+  The  author,  in  1826,  found  it  necessary  to  seek  accommodation  at  Agums,  a  little 
village  about  a  mile  from  Prad,  out  of  the  road,  towards  Glurns. 


THE  MONTE  STELVIO.  83 

ness  of  the  glaciers  which  they  separate.  The  author  con- 
siders this  part  of  the  route,  or  rather  the  whole  ascent  from 
Drofoi,  near  to  which  village  the  Ortler  is  first  seen  in 
ascending  from  Prad,  as  without  a  parallel  in  Alpine  scenery. 
The  road,  which  is  here  admirably  constructed,  winds  round 
the  northern  side  of  the  deep  ravine  into  which  the  glaciers 
sink,  hut  so  near  to  them,  that,  in  passing,  a  stone  may,  with 
little  effort,  be  thrown  upon  them  ;  and  at  the  Cantoniere 
del  Bosco,  one  of  the  houses  of  refuge,  the  glacier  is  so 
immediately  opposite  to,  and  beneath  the  road,  that  travellers, 
whilst  their  horses  bait,  can  descend,  and  examine  at  ease 
and  in  safety  this  wonderful  production  of  the  Alps. 

The  last  pines  are  left  at  this  place,  and  the  road  now 
ascends  by  a  succession  of  tourniquets,  terraced  up  the  moun- 
tain-side towards  the  Col,  and  presenting  a  most  extraordinary 
appearance.  There  are,  from  Gomagoi  to  the  summit,  nearly 
fifty  zigzag  turns  in  the  road,  to  make  the  ascent  gradual, 
and  facilitate  its  attainment.  On  the  side  towards  the  ravine, 
strong  palisades  of  fir-trees  assist  at  once  to  guard  the 
traveller  and  to  secure  the  terraces ;  but  these  are  useless 
against  the  avalanches  and  rocks  which  fall  in  the  spring ; 
and  the  devastation  which  these  fearful  accidents  have  pro- 
duced may  be  traced  in  many  of  the  broken  palisades,  and  the 
ruins  of  a  house  of  refuge  crushed  and  overthrown.  The 
rotferi*  after  such  accidents,  clear  and  repair  the  roads  :  but 
the  disheartening  recurrence  of  these  casualties  has  deter- 
mined the  Austrian  government  to  attempt  cutting  a  gallery 
through  the  mountain,  nine  hundred  and  seventy  feet  below 
the  crest  of  the  passage,  by  which  the  most  exposed  part  of 
the  road  will  be  avoided.  The  scene  presented  ou  looking 
back  from  the  summit  is  inconceivably  grand  ;f  in  clear  wea- 
ther the  entire  mass  of  the  Ortler- Spitz  is  exposed  to  view ; 
and  beneath  it,  in  the  deep  ravine,  the  road  is  seen  winding 

*  Men  who  are  appointed  to  repair  the  roads.  f  PkUe  the  Second. 


84  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

its  way  down  the  mountain-side,  until  it  is  lost  in  the  depth 
and  distance.  The  summit  of  this  extraordinary  pass  is  the 
highest  in  the  world  which  has  heeu  made  traversable  for 
carnages ;  it  is  about  2-417  feet  higher  than  the  crest  of  the 
passage  by  the  Mont  Cenis,*  and  780  feet  higher  than  the 
estimated  line  of  perpetual  snow  in  the  latitude  of  the  Stelvio : 
yet  the  road  on  the  summit  is  usually  clear  of  snow  by  the 
end  of  July,  and  continues  so,  except  fi'om  occasional  falls, 
until  September.  A  house  of  refuge  is  built  on  the  highest 
point  of  the  passage,  and  several  others  are  established  in  con- 
venient situations  along  the  road,  between  Drofoi  and  Bormio ; 
at  some  of  these  accommodation  and  refreshment  may  be  had, 
others  merely  afford  shelter.  From  the  summit,  the  road  winds 
down  by  tourniquets  to  the  inn  and  custom-house  on  the 
Monte  Brauglio.  Formerly  the  passage  of  these  Alps,  from 
the  valley  of  the  Adige  to  the  Yalteline,  was  by  the  Monte 
Brauglio  and  the  vale  of  Munster,  the  Juga  Bha?tica  of  Ta- 
citus ;  but  as  by  this  route  a  small  part  of  the  territory  of 
the  Grisons  was  traversed  ;  these  jealous  and  independent 
mountaineers,  resisting  the  entreaty  and  bribery  of  Austria, 
refused  permission  to  make  a  military  road  through  their 
country,  or  to  sell  this  small  portion  of  their  inheritance ;  and 
the  emperor  was  constrained  to  make  his  new  road  through 
the  valley  of  Drofoi  and  over  the  Stelvio,  a  col  a  thousand 
feet  higher  than  that  of  the  Brauglio,  and  where  a  shepherd's 
path  had  scarcely  before  been  traced,  to  keep  within  his  own 
territories  throughout  the  new  line  of  military  communication 
between  Germany  and  the  Milanese. 

The  new  road  derives  its  name  from  the  village  of  Stelvi, 
or  Stilfs,  which  lies  a  little  out  of  the  road,  on  its  western 

*  The  Baron  Von  Welden  states  the  height  of  the  col  of  the  Stelvio  to  be  S610 
French  feet,  or  9272  English  feet ;  and  that  of  the  Monte  Brauglio  to  be  8279  English 
feet,  or  993  below  the  Stelvio.  This  would  leave  the  height  above  the  highest  part  of 
the  Pass  of  the  Mont  Cenis  2598  feet.  Or,  to  convey  an  idea  of  the  height  of  the  Stelvio 
to  those  who  have  passed  the  Simplon,  the  crest  of  the  Pass  of  the  Stelvio  is  nearly 
half  a  mile  perpendicularly  higher  than  that  of  the  Simplon. 


THE  MONTE  STELVIO.  85 

side,  near  Gomagoi  :  the  Germans  have  given  the  name  of 
the  Stilfser-joch  to  the  passage  ;  it  is  sometimes,  however, 
confounded  with  the  pass  of  the  Monte  Brauglio,  or  Wurmser- 
jocb,  formerly  a  line  of  considerable  commerce,  which  led 
from  the  county  of  Bormio  to  the  Tyrol  and  the  Grisons, 
through  Santa  Maria,  and  Glurns.  At  the  station  of  Cara- 
bineers, on  the  Monte  Brauglio,  where  passports  are  again 
examined,  a  poor  inn  affords  welcome  refreshment.  Im- 
mediately below  the  station  is  a  small  plain  which  yields 
a  fine  summer  pasturage,  but  it  is  surrounded  by  pinnacled 
rocks  of  extremely  savage  aspect:  below  this  plain,  a  zigzag 
road  leads  down  to  the  Wurmser-loch,  a  ravine  deep  and 
appalling,  through  which  the  Adda  falls  from  rock  to  rock.* 
The  road  has  been  carried  high  above  the  left  bank  of  the 
river,  and  constructed  with  so  much  care  and  ability,  that 
this,  which  was  formerly  one  of  the  most  dangerous  passages 
of  the  Alps,  is  now  rendered  secure  by  galleries,  either  cut 
through  the  projecting  rocks,  or  constructed  in  masonry  :f 
these  guard  the  traveller  from  the  avalanches  which  fall  from 
the  mountains  across  the  path,  or  protect  him  from  the 
precipices  which  skirt  the  road  through  this  fearful  passage. 
There  are  six  covered  ways,  formed  either  by  masonry  or 
excavation,  in  the  ravine;  and  the  extent  of  the  road  thus 
sheltered  is  2226  English  feet:  in  some  places,  however,  the 
road  is  so  cut  out  of  the  side  of  the  rocks,  where  their  stability 
could  be  relied  upon,  that,  without  entirely  covering  the  road, 
they  shelter  it  from  the  avalanches  which,  after  sliding  over 
the  impending  rocks,  which  are  left  to  guard  the  passage,  fall 
into  the  ravine  below :  in  this  manner  nearly  700  feet  more 
of  guarded  way  have  been  added  to  the  galleries  within  the 


*  Coxe,  who  passed  through  the  Wurmser-loch  in  1779,  speaks,  in  his  seventy- 
third  letter,  in  strong  language  of  the  horrors  of  this  scene  :  the  appearance  of  nature 
here  has  scarcely  been  altered  since  by  the  operations  of  man  ;  but  the  safety  with 
which  the  traveller  is  now  conducted  through  these  scenes  has  removed  one  source 
of  the  sublime. 

t  Title  Vignette. 


86  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

defile  of  the  Wurmser-loch.  Strong  palisades  guard  the  side 
of  the  road  next  to  the  precipices,  and  the  traveller  proceeds 
in  perfect  safety;  hut  his  passage  seems  to  he  bounded  by 
rocks  and  mountains  of  the  wildest  aspect,  and  his  way  out  of 
the  gorge  is  not  apparent,  until  a  sudden  turning  to  the  left 
opens  to  his  view  the  means  of  escape,  and  within  a  short 
distance  he  discovers  the  valley  of  Bornrio. 

A  fine  road  now  sweeps  down  the  mountain -side,  still 
leaving  on  the  right  the  deep  bed  of  the  Adda ;  and  on 
the  brink  of  precipices  high  above  the  torrent  are  seen 
the  baths  of  Bormio.*  The  appearance  of  these  baths 
in  such  a  sterile  situation  is  very  striking,  particularly 
from  a  spot  a  little  below  a  bridge  which  has  been  thrown 
over  a  ravine  that  crosses  the  road  :  this  bridge,  at  the 
upper  end,  terminates  in  a  gallery  cut  through  the  rock, 
which  formerly  presented  its  perpendicular  face  as  a  barrier 
to  the  progress  of  the  road :  but  the  science  of  the  modern 
engineer  has  concpiered  greater  difficulties  than  these:  the 
rock  has  been  pierced,  a  bridge  thrown  over  the  ravine,  and 
the  road  is  now  as  regularly  continued  as  if  these  obstacles 
had  never  existed.  Bormio  f  is  a  place  of  little  actual  im- 
portance :  from  its  great  elevation,  though  it  is  rich  in 
pasturage,  the  arable  land  produces  only  a  little  barley  and 
rye.  The  construction  of  the  Pass  of  Monte  Stelvio  has 
induced  the  people  of  Bormio  to  hope  that  their  town  may 
again  be  benefited  by  the  passage  of  travellers.  It  was 
formerly  enriched  by  the  transit  of  merchandise  from  Venice 
to  the  Grisons. 

Below  Bormio,  the  road,  after  traversing  the  plain  towards 
the  Valteline,  crosses  the  Fredolfo,  a  river  which  descends 
from  the  Val  Furba,  close  to  its  confluence  with  the  Adda; 
thence  the  road  continues  along  the  left  bank  of  the  Adda, 
until  it  crosses  it  at  the  defile  of  La  Serra,  which  was  for- 

*  Plate  the  Third. 

t  Called  by  the  Germans  Worms  ;  whence  Wurmser-loch,  &c. 


THE  JIOXTE  STELVIO.  87 

merly  the  boundary  of  the  district  of  Borruio,  dividing  it  on 
the  south  from  the  Yalteline.  This  defile  was  narrow  enough 
to  secure  the  frontier  by  a  wall,  and  the  passage  with  a  gate 
and  chain. 

Upon  leaving  the  country  of  Bormio,  expressively  called 
"  il  freddo  paese,"  the  river  is  recrossed,  and  the   traveller 
descends  into  the  Yalteline ;   the  change  is   rapid   to   more 
genial  vegetation  than  the  pine  and  the  larch :  the  chestnut 
is  seen  immediately  below  La  Serra;  and  shortly  after,  the 
vine    is   observed   to   be  extensively  cultivated;    there  is   a 
strikingly  rich  and  luxuriant  appearance  in  the  valley  near 
Grosio.     The  river  is  passed  and  repassed  before  arriving  at 
Mazza ;   and  from    this    place,  seven  or  eight  villages,  with 
their    church   spires,   enliven   the   rich   scene.     Near  Tirano 
the  valley  widens,  the  road  descends,  crosses  the  river,  passes 
through    the   town   of  Tirano,    and   traverses   the  valley  to 
Madonna,  a  pleasant  little  town  at  the  entrance  to  the  valley 
of  Puschiavo,  which  leads  to  the  Engadine,  by  the  pass  of 
the  Bernina.     There  is  an   excellent   inn  at  Madonna;  and 
the  church  is  worthy  of  the  inspection  of  travellers.     From 
Madonna,  the  road  continues,  in  its  descent  to  Sondrio,  on 
the  right  bank  of  the  Adda,  passing  through  numerous  pic- 
turesque villages.     Owing  to  the  neglect  of  the  embankments 
of  the  river  in  some  places,  the  levels  of  the  valley  are  become 
swamps,  where  reeds  and  grass  grow  rank,  and  the  marshes 
are    productive    of  malaria, — the  sickly  aspect   of  the  inha- 
bitants evinces  this;  but  then-  squalid  appearance  is  height- 
ened by  poverty,  and  few  districts  present  a  more  miserable 
race  of  people,  afflicted  as  they  are  with  goitres  and   cre- 
tinism, the  concomitants  of  filth.     The  inns  at  Sondrio  are 
not  equal  to  what  might  fairly  be  expected  in  the  chief  town 
of  the  Yalteline,  and  where  the  intercourse  occasioned  by 
the   passage    of  the    Stelvio    must   frequently  demand   good 
accommodation.      In    the    Piazza    Grande    of  Sondrio   is   a 


88  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

colossal  bust,  on  a  pedestal,  of  Francis  the  First,  Emperor 
of  Austria.* 

The  road  continues  from  the  Piazza  Grande  across  the 
Mallero,  a  large  stream  which  passes  by  Sondrio,  and  flows 
into  the  Adda.  The  abundant  productions  of  this  part  of  the 
valley  are  well  known,  and  the  wine  of  the  Valteline  has  an 
extensive  celebrity ;  but  the  vines  appear  to  be  ill-trained,  and 
the  vineyards  mismanaged.  Numerous  mulberry -trees  are 
cultivated  for  silk-worms ;  and  the  soil  is  so  productive,  that 
two  harvests  of  Indian  and  other  corn  are  gathered  in  the 
year. 

The  Adda  is  three  times  crossed  in  the  descent  from  Son- 
drio to  Morbegno,  whence  the  road  continues  on  the  left  of 
the  river  to  Colico,  on  the  lake  of  Como. 

On  the  right  of  the  road,  before  arriving  at  Colico,  the 
traveller  passes  the  ruins  of  a  fort,  which  was  built  in  1604 
by  the  Marquess  of  Fuentes,  at  a  time  when  this  part  of  the 
country  was  united  to  the  states  of  Milan.  The  fort  was 
built  on  the  hill  of  Montecchio,  near  the  mouth  of  the  Adda  ; 
but  it  is  so  surrounded  by  deadly  marshes,  that  it  has  been 
the  grave  of  more  victims  to  malaria  than  to  war. 

Colico,  the  port  of  the  Valteline,  on  the  lake  of  Como, 
will  probably  become,  from  the  great  line  of  communication 
which  has  been  made  with  Germany  through  the  Valteline, 
a  place  of  much  importance,  particularly  since  the  establish- 
ment of  steam-boats  on  the  lake  of  Como,  which  secures  the 
navigation  of  the  lake,  from  one  extremity  to  the  other,  in 
four  or  five  hours. 

But  a  very  interesting  part  of  the  new  road  is  its  intended 
continuation  along  the  shores  of  the  lake  from  Colico  to 
Lecco,  thus  opening  a  carriage  communication  between  Milan 
and  the  Valteline :  already  the  greater  part  of  this  vast  under- 

*  Plate  the  Fourth. 


THE  MONTE  STELVIO.  89 

taking  has  been  accomplished ;  and  when  the  whole  is  com- 
pleted, it  will  probably  offer  to  the  traveller  the  most  beautiful 
route  in  Europe  for  its  extent.  The  engineers  have  had  great 
difficulties  to  contend  with  in  removing  the  rocks,  or  cutting 
galleries  through  those  which  jut  boldly  into  the  lake,  and 
rendering  the  road  secure  on  the  side  towards  the  water. 
To  the  voyager  on  the  lake,  the  scenes  where  the  workmen 
are  employed  are  very  animated. 

Just  before  the  author  arrived  at  Lecco,  the  sound  of  a 
drum  on  the  mountain-side  where  the  new  road  was  con- 
structing excited  his  attention  :  the  boatmen  informed  him 
that  it  was  preparatory  to  the  explosion  of  the  mines  used 
in  blasting  the  rocks ;  in  a  few  minutes  some  hundreds  of 
these  were  discharged,  and  the  magnificent  reverberation  of 
the  reports  from  mountain  to  mountain  and  on  the  lake  was 
most  impressive. 

Lecco  is  a  pleasant  little  town,  in  a  delightful  situation, 
at  the  extremity  of  the  eastern  branch  of  the  lake  which  bears 
the  name  of  the  lake  of  Lecco,  though  it  is  only  a  branch  of 
the  lake  of  Como.  Numerous  silk-factories  and  iron-works 
give  it  a  commercial  importance,  which  is  heightened  by  its 
favourable  situation  in  the  line  of  the  new  road  to  the 
Valteline.  The  produce  of  its  environs,  the  olive,  the  mul- 
berry-tree, and  the  vine,  are  sources  of  manufacture  and 
commerce. 

The  situation  of  Lecco  is  highly  picturesque,  opposite  to 
the  base  of  a  high  mountain  which  sinks  abruptly  to  the  lake.* 
This  mountain  is  seen  not  only  from  Milan,  but  from  far 
beyond  it  on  the  road  to  Pavia.  From  Lecco  two  roads  lead 
to  MUau  ;  one  of  these,  rather  the  shortest,  passes  directly 
through  Monza,  which  has  acquired  a  certain  celebrity  as  the 
repository  of  the  iron  crown  of  Charlemagne  ;  the  other,  and 
by  far  the  most  interesting  route,  lies  through  Como  by  the 
rich  plain  of  Erba.     Immediately  below   Lecco,  where   the 

*  Plate  the  Fifth. 
NO.   VI.  N 


90  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

waters  of  the  lake  again  become  the  river  Adda,  a  bridge 
crosses  the  stream,  beyond  which  the  different  roads  to  Milan 
divide.  That  which  leads  to  Como  is  an  excellent  carriage- 
road,  entering  the  valley  immediately  below  the  high  mountain 
which  is  opposite  to  Lecco.  After  a  short  passage  through 
this  valley,  the  prospect  opens  upon  scenes  of  striking  richness 
and  beauty,  which  are  little  known  to  English  travellers,  and 
which  continue  throughout  the  journey  to  Como.  The  road 
passes  by  several  beautiful  lakes,  particularly  that  of  Pusiano, 
and  at  the  bases  of  hills  covered  with  chestnuts  and  vines, 
whilst  olives,  mulberry-trees,  Indian  corn,  and  other  produc- 
tions of  a  generous  soil  and  climate,  cover  in  profuse  abundance 
this  favoured  country.  Numerous  villages,  and  the  towns  of 
Incino*  and  Erba,  inhabited  by  a  fine  race  of  people,  are 
traversed  by  this  road ;  and  the  inhabitants  of  this  charming 
district  appear  to  participate  in  its  character  of  prosperity, 
enjoyment,  and  repose.  The  approach  to  Como  presents  one 
of  the  most  beautiful  views  in  which  this  city  is  an  object :  it 
is  seen,  far  below  the  vineyards  which  skirt  the  road,  deeply 
embosomed  in  the  mountains  ;  the  Duomo,  and  part  of  the 
city  of  Como,  are  seen  bordering  upon  the  lake,  which  in  this 
view  is  almost  hidden  by  the  surrounding  hills.  On  the  left  is 
the  monastery  of  San  Salvatore,  in  a  commanding  situation; 
and  above  Como  are  its  conical  hills,  surmounted  by  castellated 
ruins.  Beyond  the  hills  which  surround  the  lake,  the  Alps 
are  seen  stretching  across  the  horizon,  and  conspicuous  among 
these  is  the  beautiful  form  of  Monte  Rosa.f 

Como  itself  is  a  place  of  great  interest :  its  early  history, 
the  great  men  which  it  has  produced,  its  importance  and 
exposure  during  the  wars  of  the  Middle  Ages,  render  an 
inquiry  into  its  histoiy  one  of  considerable  interest.  From 
Como,  the  direct  road  to  Milan  by  Barlasina  is  dull  and  mo- 
notonous ;  but  this  may  be  varied  by  a  little  detour  to  Monza, 
and  a  visit  to  the  gardens  of  the  Villa  Reale. 

*  Anciently,  Licino  Foniru,  one  of  the  towns  of  the  Orobii.      f  Plate  the  Sixth. 


THE  MONTE  STELVTO.  !»1 

The  importance  of  the  communication  which  has  been 
opened  between  Milan  and  Austria  by  the  Stelvio,  does  not 
arise  from  recent  political  relations :  it  has  always  been  con- 
sidered essential  to  the  maintenance  of  the  Austrian  influence 
or  government  in  Italy,  that  access  should  be  had  to  the 
Milanese  by  the  Monte  Brauglio  and  the  Valteline.  Prior  to 
the  accession  of  the  [Milanese  to  Austria,  the  infamous  and 
unchristian  assumption  of  temporal  power  by  the  Bishops  of 
Como  and  Coire  subjected  the  wretched  inhabitants  of  Chia- 
venna,  the  Valteline,  and  Bormio,  to  the  sufferings  which 
their  feuds  occasioned :  the  causes  sometimes  varied,  but  the 
inflictions  continued  for  centuries;  and  their  political  or  reli- 
gious relations  exposed  them  to  oppression  from  the  monarchial 
tyranny  of  distant  potentates,  or  the  republican  tyranny  of 
their  neighbours  the  Grisons. 

In  1336,  these  valleys  fell  under  the  dominion  of  Azzo 
Visconti,  duke  of  Milan ;  one  of  whose  successors,  in  gratitude 
for  some  political  treachery,  ceded  his  right  over  these  terri- 
tories to  the  Bishop  of  Coire.  This  became  the  basis  of  a 
claim  which  the  Grisons  afterwards  made  to  the  fealty  of  the 
inhabitants  of  Bormio  and  the  Valteline,  and  an  unsuccessful 
irruption  was  made  into  these  valleys  by  the  Grisons  in  1487. 
In  1512,  when  the  whole  of  the  valleys  froni  the  Brauglio  to 
the  lake  of  Como  fell  with  the  Milanese  into  the  power  of 
Louis  the  Twelfth  of  France,  by  his  concmest  of  Ludovico, 
duke  of  Milan,  the  Grisons,  in  conjunction  with  the  Bishop 
of  Coire,  entered  the  Valteline,  expelled  the  French,  and 
received  the  homage  of  the  inhabitants  :  their  possession  of 
it  was  confirmed  by  Maximilian  Sforza,  upon  his  recovery  of 
the  ducal  crowu  of  Milan ;  and  again  ratified  by  Francis  the 
First  when  he  obtained  possession  of  the  Milanese.  In  1530, 
the  Grisons  compelled  the  Bishop  of  Coire  to  sell  his  share  of 
the  sovereignty  of  these  valleys ;  and  it  continued  in  their 
possession  until  the  rival  interests  of  France  and  Spain,  con- 
tending for  the  passage  of  the  Valteline,  led  to  scenes  of 
violence  which  were  increased  by  the  intrigues  of  the  pope 


92  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 

and  the  religious  dissensions  of  the  inhabitants  ;  at  length  it 
reached  its  climax  in  the  horrible  catastrophe  of  a  massacre  or 
expulsion  of  all  the  Protestants  in  those  valleys,  at  the  details 
of  which  the  heart  sickens. 

"When  Charles  the  Fifth  succeeded  to  the  Milanese  as  a 
fief  reverting  to  the  empire,  he  saw  the  importance  of  pos- 
sessing the  Yalteline  as  a  passage  by  which  to  secure  the 
junction  of  the  troops  of  Spain  and  Austria.  It  was  the 
policy  of  the  French  court  to  defeat  this  measure ;  and  in  the 
struggles  between  those  great  powers,  in  the  wars  to  which 
their  jealousies  gave  rise,  the  inhabitants  of  these  valleys  were 
the  chief  sufferers :  and,  as  if  this  measure  of  suffering  were 
not  enough,  religious  animosity  heightened  it  to  the  outrages 
of  the  20th  of  July,  1620, —  the  date  of  the  massacre  in  the 
Valteline,  which  has  no  parallel  but  in  the  dreadful  events  of 
the  fete  of  St.  Bartholomew  in  France. 

After  long-continued  contests,  the  passage,  which  was  the 
object  of  the  war,  was  secured  to  the  Spaniards  by  treaty  in 
1635.  There  was  little  political  change  in  these  valleys 
from  that  time  until  1797,  when  the  Valteline  and  the 
county  of  Bormio,  which  had  continued  baillages  of  the  Gri- 
sons,  were  separated  from  this  government,  and,  together  with 
Chiavenna,  incorporated  in  the  Cisalpine  republic.  Upon  the 
restoration  of  the  Milanese  to  Austria  in  1814,  these  countries 
were  conceded  in  perpetuity  as  a  part  of  its  dominions  in  Lom- 
bardy :  and  the  Austrian  government,  following  the  example 
of  Napoleon,  felt  the  importance  of  opening  a  free  and  direct 
communication  with  its  Milanese  states.  This  great  under- 
taking has  been  accompl'shed  by  the  construction  of  the  new 
military  road  across  the  Stelvio. 


EXD  OF  THE  FIRST  VOLUME. 


London: — Printed  by  G.  Barclay,  Castle  St.  Leicester  Sq. 


C\ 


BINDING  SECT.  MAY  2  9  1973 


PLEASE  DO  NOT  REMOVE 
CARDS  OR  SLIPS  FROM  THIS  POCKET 

UNIVERSITY  OF  TORONTO  LIBRARY 


PJhM 


raHraB 


IIIIHhH 

PiiliB&i 

T 


