SIhc  IHibrary 

of  the 

33xnlicrsttu  of  9Ioronto 


The  Harris  Family 
Eldon  House 
London,  Ont. 


M  \   > 


•  • 


N  *« 


s' 


V 

•'''••. 

^, 

v.. 

k. 

v: 

JOURNALS 


OF 


EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


LONDON: 

J.  MOVES,  CASTLE  STREET,  LEICESTER  SQUAKE. 


JOURNALS 


OF 


EXCURSIONS 


IN    THE 


ALPS: 


THE   PENNINE,  GRAIAN,  COTTIAN,   RHETIAN, 
LEPONTIAN,  AND  BERNESE. 


^rf^»  ^^^»^i»^l» 


BY 


WILLIAM  BROCKEDON, 

AUTHOR  OF  THE  "ILLUSTRATIONS  OF  THE  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS,"  &c. 


LONDON: 
JAMES  DUNCAN,  37,  PATERNOSTER  ROW. 

1833. 


b75' 


I  9.  1-  56 


DEDICATION. 


MY  DEAR  STANFIELD, 

As  my  Companion  in  the  first  of  these  Excur- 
sions in  the  Alps,  you  are  identified  with  this  book, 
which  will  remind  you  of  some  of  the  magnificent 
scenes  we  have  enjoyed  together ;  and  I  offer  its  dedi- 
cation to  you,  in  testimony  of  the  sincere  regard 
with  which  I  subscribe  myself, 

Dear  Stan  f.i  eld. 

Yours  very  faithfully, 

WM  BROCKEDON. 


To  CLARKSON  STANFIELD,  Esq. 
Use-  Sfc.  die. 


PREFACE. 


Within  these  few  years  the   press  has  so 
teemed  with  Excursions  and  Journals,  pub- 
hshed  by  authors  who  have  visited  those 
lands    of   promise    and    of  enjoyment    to 
summer  tourists — Switzerland,  Savoy,  and 
Italy — that  the  Author  would  scarcely  have 
felt  disposed  to   increase  the  number,  had 
not  the  extraordinary  success  of  his  "  Illus- 
trations  of  the  Passes  of  the  Aljjs"  shewn 
that   the    public    interest    in    those    scenes 
has    not   been    diminished.       Of  the    text 
which  accompanied  that  work,  the  portion 
drawn   from   these   Journals  was    confined 
chiefly   to    the   history  and  topography   of 
such  of  the  Passes  as  it  contained ;   hence 
some  of  the    Author's   friends,  who    think 
that   his   experience    and  observation   may 
be  useful  to  ftiture  travellers  in  the  Alps, 
have  persuaded  him  to  publish  his  Personal 
Narrative  from  the  Journals  which  he  kept 
during  his  Excursions.    In  acceding  to  this, 


Vlll  PREFACE. 

be  has,  perhaps  too  wilhngly,  entertained 
a  hope  that  the  request  of  a  few  may  also 
express  the  wish  of  many. 

These  Excm'sions  have  not  been  alto- 
gether made  over  the  beaten  track  of  tour- 
ists, many  of  the  places  which  the  Author 
visited  being  scarcely  known  to  English  tra- 
vellers; but  they  are  so  interesting,  from 
the  grandeur  and  beauty  of  the  scenes 
which  they  display,  or  the  character  and 
habits  of  the  people  who  dwell  among 
them,  that  he  ventures  to  believe  his 
Journals  will  be  found  to  contain  some 
novelty  and  information  which  may  assist 
the  actual  tourist  —  its  chief  object,  as 
well  as  furnish  amusement  to  the  fire-side 
traveller.  He  therefore  submits  to  the 
Public  the  notes  which  he  made  during 
the  journeys  which  were  undertaken  ex- 
pressly for  his  "  Illustrations  of  the  Passes." 

Previous  to  the  first  of  these  Excur- 
sions, the  Author  had  crossed  the  Alps  by 
the  route  of  the  Simplon,  on  his  way  into 
Italy  in  1821,  and  repassed  them  by  the 
Brenner  in  1822  ;  to  which  tour  occasional 
references  are  made. 


CONTENTS. 


JFirst  Excursion. 

CHAPTER  I. 

Departure — Paris  —  Route  to  Lyons,  by  Dijon  —  Cote  d'Or  — 
Clialons-sur-Saone  —  Coche  d'Eau — Lyons  —  Punishment 
for  fraudulent  Bankruptcy  —  Route  to  Geneva  —  Perte  du 
Rhone — Nantua — Geneva Page  1 

CHAPTER  n. 

Enter  Savoy,  Bonneville  —  Progress  of  the  King  of  Sardinia  — 
Servoz  —  Chamouny — Montanvert — Col  de  Vosa — Conta- 
mines — Notre  Dame  de  la  Gorge  —  Col  du  Bon-homme, 
Chapiu  —  Col  de  Seigne — AUee  Blanche — Glacier  of  the 
Brenva — Courmayeur 15 

CHAPTER  HI. 

Courmayeur  —  La  Salle  —  Accommodation  at  the  Hotel  a  la 
Rose  —  Aosta ;; — Val  d'Aosta  —  Chatillon  — Val  Tour- 
nanclie 37 

CHAPTER  IV. 

Val  d'Aosta — Fort  Bard  —  Ivrea — Monte  Serra — Biella  Hos- 
pital—  Gattinara — A  Coquette — Val  Sesia  —  Varallo  — 
Sacro  Monte  —  Borgomaniera  —  Lake  of  Orta  —  Isola 
Giulio  —  Omegna  —  Lago  Maggiore  — •  Isola  Bella  — 
Baveno 51 


V 


CONTENTS. 


CHAPTER  V. 

Shores  of  the  Lago  Maggiore — Statue  of  St.  Carlo  Borromeo — 
Sesto  Calende  —  Strada  Sempione  —  Milan  —  La  Scala  — 
Corso — Carbonari — Milanese  Justice — Leonardo  da  Vinci's 
Last  Supper  —  Modern  Art  at  Milan — Frontiers  of  the 
Milanese — Vercelli — Turin  —  The  Superga  ....   Page  74 

CHAPTER  VI. 

Leave  Turin — Pignerol — Induction  of  an  Archbishop — Valley 
of  the  Clusone  — ■  Fort  of  Fenestrelles  —  Col  de  Sestriferes  — 
Cesanne  —  Mont  Genbvre  —  Douaniers  —  Brian^on.. .     88 

CHAPTER  VII. 

Gendarme — View  of  Briancon — Valley  of  the  Guisanne  — 
La  Lozet  —  Col  de  Lautaret  —  Mont  Lens  —  La  Grave  — 
Storm — Val  Romanche — Route  d'Espagne  en  Italic — Gal- 
leries in  the  Combe  of  Malval — Bourg  d'Oysans  —  Combe 
of  Gavet — Vizille  —  Bumiapajte  and  the  Bourbons  —  Gre- 
noble—  Statue  of  the  Chevalier  Bayard 101 

CHAPTER  VIII. 

Valley  of  Gresivaudan  —  Ponte  Charra  —  Chateau  Bayard  — 
Frontier  —  Montmclian  — St.  Pierre  d'Albigny  —  Chateau 
Moilans,  Val  Isfere  —  L'Hopital  Conflans  —  Fonderie 
Royale —  Moutiers  —  Cluse  d'Haiite-Cour  —  Ayme  —  St. 
Maurice — \'alley  of  the  Reclus — Roche  Blanche — Passage 
ofllannibal — Hospice — Summit  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard — 
Colonne  de  Joux — La  Tuile — Scenejjf  Hannibal'spifficulty 
in  descending  from  the  Alps — Baths  of  St.Didier — Village 
Funeral — Aosta 118 


CONTENTS.  XI 

CHAPTER  IX. 

y^Ascent  to  the  Great  St.  Bernard  —  Hospice  —  Courtesies  and 
Character  of  the  Monks — Their  Resources — Travellers  — 
Records  of  Visitors  in  the  Travellers'  Book — The  Chapel 
— The  Morgue — Scene  from  the  Hospice  —  Temple  of 
Jupiter — Ancient  History  of  the  Pass — Foundation  of 
the  Hospice — Its  History  in  the  Middle  Ages — Present 
State Page  139 

CHAPTER  X. 

^Departure  of  Visitors — Descent  from  the  Hospice  —  Plain  of 
Prou  —  Forest  of  St.  Pierre  —  Passage  of  Napoleon's  Army 
in  1800 — Bourg  St.  Pierre — Liddes  —  Some  English  Tra- 
vellers—  St.  Branchier — Inundation  of  the  Valley  of  Bagnes 
in  1818  —  Details  of  the  Proceedings  of  the  Engineers, 
and  their  unparalleled  Bravery — Valley  of  the  Drance  — 
Martigny 1 64 

CHAPTER  XI. 

Pisse-Vache  —  St.  Maurice  —  Martyrs  —  Fanatics  —  Lake  of 
Geneva — St.  Gingulph — Sunday  Amusements  —  Beautiful 
Lake  Scene — Rocks  of  Meillerie  —  Convent  of  Rapaille  — 
Frontier  of  Savoy  and  Geneva  —  Geneva  —  Journey  to 
Paris  —  Frontier  of  France  —  Paris  —  Public  Entry  of 
Charles  X. — Home 177 


CHAPTER  XII. 

Departure — Boulogne— Paris — Forest  of  Fontainebleau — Mon- 
targis — Gens-d'armes' — Valley  of  the  Loire — Nivers — Val- 


Xll  CONTENTS. 

ley  of  the  AUier — Roanne — Mont  Tarare — Lyons — De- 
parture for  Chamberry  —  Voiturier' — Pont  Beauvoisin  — 
Defile  of  La  Caille  —  Les  Esclielles — New  Gallery  —  Old 
Roads  —  Chamberry Poge  191 

CHAPTER  XIII. 

Montmelian  —  Aiguebelle — Valley  of  the  Arc  —  St.  Jean  de 
Maurienne —  Modane  —  Lanslebourg  —  Hotel  Royal — A 
Dog  and  a  Duel — Ascent  of  the  Mont  Cenis  —  Game  — 
Descent  to  Suza  —  Plain  of  St.  Nicholas  —  Short  Cut — 
Suza  —  Valley  of  the  Doire  —  Monastery  of  St.  Michael — 
Turin  —  Bankers  —  St.  Anthony's  Miracles — Road  to  Ca- 
luso — Ivrea — Val  d'Aosta — Chatillon  —  Baths  ofSt.  \'in- 
cent — Bear-Hunt 203 

CHAPTER  XIV. 

Val  Tournanche  —  Ascent  to  Briel  —  Chalets  of  Mont  Jumont 
—  Mountain  Accommodation  —  Detention  at  the  Chalets 
by  a  Snow-storm — Ascent  of  Mont  Cervin  —  Propose — 
Smugglers  —  Glaciers — Summit — Scene  from  the  Glaciers 
— Learned  Guide  —  Tourmente — Hasty  Descent — Disrup- 
tion of  the  Glaciers — Arrival  at  the  Cure's  of  Zermatt  — 
Illness  —  English  Travellers — Descent  of  the  Valley  of 
St.  Nicholas  to  Visp 222 

CHAPTER  XV. 

Valley  of  Saas  —  Ravines  —  Records  of  Accidents — Aballa — 
Plain  and  Village  of  Saas — Conduct  of  the  Cure — Twilight 
on  Mont  F^e  —  Allmengal — Moraine — Lake  and  Chalets 
of  Destal — Passes  of  the  Moro — Ancient  Road — Glaciers — 
Bear  —  Summit — Splendid  View  of  IMontRosa — Descent 
to  Macugnaga  —  Inn  —  Catholic  Relics 238 


CONTENTS.  XIU 

CHAPTER  XVI. 

Pesterana — Professore  Fantonetti — Visit  to  the  Gold  Mines — 
Gorge  of  Pesterana  —  Ceppo  Morelli  —  Scenery  of  the 
Val  Anzasca — Fine  Race  of  Inhabitants  —  Costume  and 
Beauty  of  the  Women — Vanzone — Ponte  Grande — Beau- 
tiful Road  through  the  Valley — Castiglione — View  into  Val 
d'Ossola  —  Pie  de  Muliera  —  Superintendent  of  the  Gold 
Mines — Situation  of  the  ancient  Ictymuli — Vogogna — In- 
stance of  Italian  gratitude  —  Happy  Valley Pcg^  253 

CHAPTER  XVn. 

Intra  —  Jour  Maigre  —  Lago  Maggiore  —  Luvino  —  Lugano  — 
Lake  of  Lugano  —  Porlezza — Road  to  Menagio  —  Lake  of 
Como  —  Domasio — Musquittoes  —  Lake  of  Riva  —  Chia- 
venna — Isola — New  Route  of  the  Splugen  —  Splugen  — 
Andeer — Via  Mala — Richenau — Coire 264 

CHAPTER  xvnr. 

Ragatz — Sargans  — Lake  of  Wallenstadt  —  Fall  of  the  Saren- 
bach — Innkeeper — Vale  of  Seetz — Baths  of  Pfeffers — Visit 
to  the  Spring — Road  to  the  Convent  of  PfefFers — Coire  — 
Voiturier — Via  Mala — Andeer — Valley  of  Schams — Rofla 
—  Splugen  —  Rhinwald  • —  Naufanen  —  A  Family  of 
Giants 285 

CHAPTER  XIX. 

Hinter-Rhin  —  Ascent  to^thj^Pass  of  the  St^Bernjirdin— Sum- 
mit — Policy  of  the  Grisons  —  Expense  and  Advantages  of 
the  New  Road  —  Opposition  of  the  Austrian  Government — 
Village  and  Baths  of  St.  Bernardin  —  Falls  of  the  Moesa  — 
Misocco  —  Castle   of  Misocco  — Fall   of  Buffalora  — Val 

Misocco  —  Val  Levantine  —  Bellinzona 302 

b 


XIV  CONTENTS. 

CHAPTER  XX. 

Bellinzonrx — Valley  of  Riviera — Sementino — Locarno — Lago 
Maggiore — Catholicism — Val  Levantine  —  Val  Blegno  — 
Giornico — Dazio  Grande — Val  Piota — Pass  of  Stalvedro — 
Val  Bedretto — Airolo  —  Ascent  of  the  St.  Gothard  —  Val 
Tremola —  Summit  —  Hospice—  St.  Gothard  —  Descent  to 
Val  Ursern  —  Andermatt — Trou  d'Uri  —  Devil's  Bridge  — 
Contest  of  the  French  and  Russians  —  Krachenthal  — 
Goschenen — Amstag — Swiss  Soldiers — Altorf . .  Fage  314 

CHAPTER  XXI. 

^Villiam  Tell— The  Truth  of  his  History  — Altorf— Fluelen  — 
Tellen-platte  —  Chapel — F^te — Lakeof  the  Waldstetten  — 
Gersau — Lucerne — Monument  to  the  Swiss  of  the  10th 
of  August,  1792 — Annual  F^te  after  the  Harvest — Mont 
Pilate — Alpnach  —  Slide  of  Mont  Pilate — Sarnen  —  St. 
Nicolas  de  Flue  —  Lungern  —  Brunig — Meyringen. .     336 

CHAPTER  XXn. 

Falls  of  Reichenbach  —  Imgrund  —  Handek — Falls  of  the  Aar 
—  Schnaps  —  Ilbllen-platte  —  Hospice  of  the  Grimsel  — 
Travellers  —  Todten-See  —  Glaciers  of  the  Rhone  —  Ober- 
wald — Obergestelen — Eginenthal  —  Glacier  of  the  Gries — 
Lammergayer  —  Kehrbachi  —  Fall  of  the  Toccia — For- 
mazza  —  \'al  Formazza  —  Val  Antigorio  —  St.  Marco  — 
Crevola— Val  d'Ossola 348 

CHAPTER  XXni. 

Domo  d'Ossola — A  Man  in  Authority  —  Bridge  of  Crevola — 
Val  Dovedro— Gondo — Waterfalls— Great  Gallery — Algaby 
— Simplon  Village  —  Landlady  —  Ascent  to  the  Summit — 
View  of  the  Bernese  Alps  —  Friends  en  route — Brigg — 
Tourtemagne — Valais — Lausanne — Steam-boat — Nyon — 
Home 365 


JOURNx\L 


OF 


AN    EXCURSION 


IN    THE 

GRAIAN,   COTTIAN,   AND   PENNINE  ALPS: 

INCLUDING   THE 

PASSES  OF  THE  COL  DU  BON-HOMME,   THE  COL  DE  LA  SEIGNE, 

THE  COL  DE  SESTRIERES,  THE  MONT  GENEVRE, 

THE  COL   DU   LAUTARET, 

THE  LITTLE  ST.  BERNARD,  AND  THE  GREAT  ST.  BERNARD. 


JOURNAL 


OF 


AN    EXCURSION 


IN    THE 


GRAIAN,  COTTIAN,  AND  PENNINE  ALPS. 


CHAPTER  I. 

Departure — Paris — Route  to  Lyons,  by  Dijon — Cote  d'Or  — 
Chalons-sur-Saone — Coclie  d'Eau  —  Lyons — Punishment 
for  fraudulent  Bankruptcy — Route  to  Geneva — Perte  du 
Rhone — Nantua — Geneva. 

Left  London  with  Mr.  Stanfield  at  seven  o'clock 
in  the  evening  of  the  25th  of  July,  1824,  by  a 
Dover  coach,  which  corresponds  with  the  Hiron- 
delle,  a  French  diligence  from  Calais  to  Paris. 
We  arrived  at  five  in  the  morning  of  the  26th 
at  Dover ;  and  at  two  o'clock,  after  a  passage  of 
three  hours,  we  landed  at  Calais.  The  voyage, 
as  usual,  was  to  me  one  of  suffering ;  but  amidst 
the  annoyances  of  paying  toll  to  Neptune  for 
the  passage,  we  foimd  amusement  in  the  affec- 
tations of  an  Englisli  girl,  who  was  going,   she 

B 


2  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

said,  to  seek  service  as  a  cook  in  France.  She 
complained  of  her  eyesight  having  suffered  by 
too  much  reading! 

On  landing,  we  were  conducted  to  the  Custom- 
house. An  acquaintance,  who  had  agreed  to  ac- 
company us  to  Paris,  was  alarmed  lest  some  let- 
ters, which  he  had  been  requested  to  take  thither, 
should  be  discovered :  just  before  he  left  the  packet 
he  had  thrust  them  into  one  of  his  boots.  The 
douanier,  in  making  a  personal  search,  missed  the 
right  leg,  though  he  felt  the  other,  and  our  friend 
thus  escaped.  It  is  unpardonable,  that  persons 
going  to  France  should  be  solicited  to  take  letters 
at  a  great  personal  risk,  from  a  beggarly  consi- 
deration of  the  postage. 

Our  places  had  been  secured,  by  the  London 
agent,  in  the  coupe,  a  part  of  the  modern  French 
diligence  as  convenient  as  an  English  post-chaise ; 
and  we  left  Calais  at  eight  in  the  morning  of  the 
•27th,  to  go  to  Paris  by  Beauvais.  This  journey 
was  as  dull  and  uninteresting  as  usual ;  and  at 
six  in  the  evening  of  the  28th  we  arrived  in 
Paris. 

At  the  messagerie,  the  active  commissionaire 
of  the  Hotel  de  Mars  persuaded  us  to  take  up 
our  residence  at  this  hotel ;  where  we  were  de- 
tained four  days  waiting  for  the  arrival  of  our 
passports  from  Calais,  and  for  their  receiving  the 
necessary  signatures  of  the  British,  Austrian,  Sar- 


ROUTE  TO  LYONS.  3 

dinian,  and  Swiss  ambassadors :  it  is  not  possible 
in  one,  and  very  difficult  in  two  days,  to  get  them 
signed  by  all.  It  is  only  during  two  or  three 
hours  in  a  day  that  this  necessary  duty  is  fulfilled 
by  them  ;  and  these  hours  are  the  same  with  all 
the  ambassadors.  It  is  said  that  this  is  a  piece 
of  conventional  policy,  agreed  upon  by  them,  to 
gain  time  for  inquiry  into  the  characters  of  the 
travellers. 

We  left  Paris  at  five  in  the  evenino-  of  the 
1st  of  August,  by  the  diligence,  for  Chalons-sur- 
Saone.  We  reached  Sens  early  the  next  morning. 
The  first  daylight  muster  of  our  party  was  a 
motley  exhibition  ;  and  the  envelopment  of  heads 
and  throats  in  shawls  and  handkerchiefs  pre- 
sented the  appearance  of  a  party  travelling  in  a 
hospital-waggon.  We  had  engaged  the  banquette 
or  imperial ;  the  most  independent,  pleasant,  and 
economical  part  of  a  French  diligence.  Within, 
whether  alone,  or  with  five  companions,  the 
Fi'ench  traveller  always  closes  the  windows ;  and 
suffocation  or  a  quarrel  befalls  the  unlucky  En- 
glishman who  has  the  misfortune  to  be  cooped 
up  in  the  diligence.  Without,  we  had  fresh  air 
and  freedom,  and  the  benefit  of  the  society  of 
Monsieur  le  Conducteur,  the  chronicle  of  the 
road.  He  has  usually  served;  and  fights  his 
battles  over  again,  with  more  gesture  and  as 
much   truth   as  a  Chelsea   pensioner.      He  is  a 


4  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

great  man  iu  liis  way ;  nods  with  a  certain  air 
to  those  who  are  comphmented  by  the  distinction; 
and  flirts  en  passant  with  the  grisettes.  These 
men  are  often  well  informed,  and  are  generally 
amusing.  On  the  second  day  our  conducteur 
gave  place  to  a  young  man  whom  we  took  up 
on  the  road,  a  Venetian  Carbonaro,  a  fine  young 
officer,  w^ho  had  served  under  Napoleon,  and  had. 
been  severely  wounded  at  Waterloo.  He  had 
spent  ten  months  with  the  late  Queen  Caroline 
in  Italy  ;  and  on  her  trial  had  visited  England, 
as  a  volunteer  witness  for  her.  His  means,  poor 
fellow,  were  scanty ;  and  he  had  walked  the 
greater  part  of  the  way  from  England,  to  meet 
his  mother  by  appointment  in  Switzerland.  In  his 
wretched  country  he  was  proscribed  for  his  parti- 
cipation iu  the  attempts  made  in  1821  to  eman- 
cipate Lombardy  from  the  thraldom  of  Austria  ; 
and  he  repaid  the  distinction  with  ten  thousand 
curses  upon  the  Austrians  and  the  Holy  Alliance. 
His  society  made  an  otherwise  tedious  journey  to 
Dijon  pass  pleasantly  :  his  conversation  was  full 
of  anecdote;  and  his  gay  spirits,  except  when  an 
Austrian  agony  crossed  them,  furnished  us  with 
amusement. 

At  Tonnerre,  celebrated  for  its  wines,  we  were 
pressed  to  take  a  bottle  by  the  master  of  the  hotel, 
who  charoed  us  four  fi-ancs  for  what  we  after- 
wards  learned  our  conducteur  would   have  paid 


COTE  d'oR- 


twelve  sous.  We  dined  at  midnight  at  Montbard  ; 
where  tliere  is  a  chateau  celebrated  as  the  birth- 
place of  Buffon  the  naturalist.  On  the  third  day 
we  reached  Dijon,  where  we  staid  three  hours,  and 
then  proceeded  to  Chalons-sur-Saone  through  the 
Cote  d'Or.  Half  our  journey  this  day  lay  through 
vineyards,  stretching  from  the  plains  up  the  sides 
of  the  hills  which  we  skirted  on  our  route,  and 
presenting  a  richness  of  cultivation  which  com- 
pensated for  the  absence  of  the  picturesque.  We 
drank  delicious  Burgundy  at  the  Clos  de  Voiigeot^ 
the  most  celebrated  vineyard  in  this  country.  It 
is  a  walled  enclosure,  which  formerly  belonged 
to  the  abbey  of  Cito,  the  spire  of  which  place  we 
saw  from  the  road.  This  vineyard,  which  is  very 
small,  is  reported  to  yield  250,000  francs  a-year 
profit :  if  all  the  bibbers  of  this  wine  pay  for  it 
as  we  did,  seven  francs  a  bottle,  this  is  not  im- 
probable. We  had,  in  our  change  of  travellers 
at  Dijon,  taken  up  a  pompous  middle-aged  mili- 
taire,  whose  calling  had  ceased  with  his  master's 
(Napoleon) :  he  favoured  us  with  occasional  in- 
formation on  the  road,  but  always  delivered  it 
with  the  conceit  of  one  whose  nose  Queen  Mab 
had  traversed  with  a  marshal's  baton.  We  were 
indebted  to  him  for  noticing,  as  we  passed,  the 
Clos  de  Vougeot,  Nuits,  Baune,  Pomard,  Volney, 
and  other  places  that  gave  names  to  the  wines 
which  we  remembered  in  the  cartes  of  the  restau- 


6  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

rateurs  in  Paris.  At  Nuits  our  companion  pointed 
out  a  house  from  which  a  notary  had  been  lately 
banished  for  ten  years,  for  having  struck  a  justice 
of  the  peace  who  had  given  a  decision  against 
his  client. 

It  was  nine  in  the  evening  before  we  reached 
Chalons-sur-Saone,  where  a  table -d'hote  supper 
awaited  us,  at  which  a  well-dressed  boy,  whose 
grin  and  looks  detied  description,  ate  till  he  was 
ill,  bolting  niouthsful  half  as  big  as  his  head,  with 
the  claws  and  gestures  of  a  young  cannibal:  his 
resemblance  to  the  urchin  in  the  ''  Lay  of  the 
Last  Minstrel"  was  forcibly  recalled  to  me  by 
my  friend's  exclamation  of  "  Lost,  lost,  lost !  " 

August  5th. —  A  wet  day,  and  the  necessity 
of  staying  until  the  evening  for  the  coche  d'eau, 
have  created  a  hearty  disgust  towards  Chalons- 
sur-Saone.  My  companion  has  another  reason 
for  detesting  it.  Last  night  I  was  awoke  by  a 
strong  smell  of  whisky,  and  a  thousand  muttered 
maledictions  from  the  next  room.  Upon  inquiring 
the  cause,  my  friend  said,  that  he  had  been 
assailed  by  a  legion,  and  springing  from  the  bed 
in  a  state  of  torment,  groped  about  and  found  a 
leather  bottle  of  whisky  which  he  had  brought 
from  England,  and  sprinkled  himself;  an  experi- 
ment to  repel  the  enemy. 

6th.  —  We  left  Chalons  last  night  about  ten, 
and  got  over  the  early  part  of  the  voyage  in  a 


cocHE  d'eau  on  the  saone.  7 

crowded  dirty  cabin.      About  five  in  the  morn- 
ing   we    reached    Macon,   where  we   landed    for 
half  an  hour  and  took  coffee :    from  Macon  the 
scenes  down  the  river  increased  in  interest,  and 
their  rapid  succession  gave  a  charm  to  the  pas- 
sage —  towns,  villages,  and  chateaux,  crowded  the 
banks,  or  speckled  the  vineyards  near  the  river ; 
yet,  during  the  fury  of  the  revolution,  upwards  of 
one  hundred  and  sixty  chateaux  were  destroyed 
within  this  district.     From  many  points  the  views 
were  beautiful;    and  as  a  fine   day  brought  the 
passengers  on  deck,  the  varieties  of  costume  and 
character  enlivened  the    party.      Tiie  women  of 
Macon  wear  a  very  small  black  hat,  not  larger 
than  that  of  a  doll,  stuck  on  their  caps  ;  the  largest 
is  not  more  than  six  inches  across,  including  the 
brim  ;  it  makes  a  grotesque  appearance. 

There  was  a  sort  of  establishment  on  board 
for  spoiling  appetites.     We  witnessed,  yet  partook 
of  the  cookery ;  but  hunger  is  not  often  delicate. 
The  fowls  appeared,  to  use  a  common  joke  of  the 
French,  to  have  died  of  chagrin;  they  had  all  been 
boiled  for  soup,  and  were  now  ready  for  fricassee 
or  roasting  —  those  who  preferred  the  latter  were 
soon  accommodated  ;  the  chicken  was  put  into  a 
flat  saucepan  with  a  little  butter,  and  soon  burnt 
brown  enough  to  pass  for  poulet  roti.     Excellent 
wine    and    bread,    and    moderate    charges,    were 
among  the  agrtmens  of  the  voyage.     We  rested 


8  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

for  a  few  minutes  at  Trcvaux — passed  the  pictur- 
esque Ile-barbe  ;  and  shortly  after,  entered  the 
busy  city  of  Lyons,  where  we  were  taken  to  the 
custom-house  and  examined,  to  see  whether  we 
had  attempted  to  violate  a  municipal  ritilit  —  a 
duty  on  spirits  :  this  was  the  excuse  for  examining 
every  traveller's  trunk,  and  almost  his  pockets,  for 
concealed  brandy. 

Itli. — We  enjoyed  last  evening,  and  again  to- 
day, a  splendid  view  of  Mont  Blanc.  It  is  very 
seldom  that  this  mountain,  and  Lyons,  and  the  in- 
tervening distance  of  about  one  hundred  and  twenty 
miles,  possess  that  clearness  of  atmosphere  which  is 
essential  to  seeing  the  monarch  of  the  Alps  from 
this  city  ;  but  the  nearer  ranges  are  rarely  so 
clouded,  but  that  the  Lyonnois  can  point  out  what 
they  think  will  do  as  well — one  of  the  snowy  peaks 
of  the  Dauphiny  Alps — which  it  is  a  common  trick 
to  pass  for  Mont  Blanc  upon  the  English,  who  fail 
not,  after  a  reference  to  their  guide-books,  which 
announce  the  possibility  of  viewing  INIont  Blanc 
from  Lyons,  to  inquire  after  that  object  which 
many  have  left  England  principally  to  visit.  Its 
form,  however,  is  so  peculiar,  that  no  one  can  be 
deceived  who  has  once  seen  Mont  Blanc  from  the 
Jura  side.  When  seen  from  Lyons,  its  insulated 
appearance  and  known  distance  give  a  sublime 
impression  of  its  magnitude. 

%tli, — We  have  spent  more  time  at  Lyons  than 


LYONS.  9 

we  intended;  but  its  picturesque  situation,  its  manu- 
factures, and  its  public  establishments,  deserve 
attention  :  my  stay  of  a  fortnight  in  1821  made  me 
well  acquainted  with  these.  We  have  been  ex- 
ploring and  sketching,  and  have  visited  the  Palais 
des  Arts  et  de  Commerce,  the  public  gardens  and 
library,  the  ruins  of  the  fortifications,  and  the  hill 
of  Sainte  Marie  Fourvieres,  where  one  of  the  finest 
views  of  the  city  is  presented  :  it  lies  below  the 
observer,  with  its  quays  swept  by  those  magnificent 
rivers,  the  Rhone  and  the  Saone ;  and  far  beyond, 
the  eye  stretches  over  the  broad  and  fertile  valley 
of  the  former  to  the  range  of  the  Jura  Mountains ; 
towering  above  these,  we  still  saw  Mont  Blanc. 

A  building  of  a  remarkable  form  —  a  pyramid 
—  is  seen  on  the  Brotteaux,  a  plain  on  the  left 
bank  of  the  Rhone,  where  shows  and  guinguettes 
are  great  sources  of  attraction  to  the  vulgar.  This 
pyramid  is  a  church,  erected  in  memory  of  two 
hundred  and  ten  victims  to  revolutionary  fury, 
who  were  shot  together  on  the  sjDOt  where  the 
church  now  stands,  and  which  bears  the  name  of 
the  Champ  de  douleur. 

About  two  miles  below  the  city,  a  walk  through 
a  long  avenue,  between  the  Rhone  and  the  Saone, 
leads  to  the  finest  view  of  Lyons,  near  the  Pont 
de  Mulaticre,  which  crosses  the  Saone,  and  ter- 
minates the  avenue  near  the  confluence  of  this 
river  with  the  Rhone.     From  the  rocks  and  hills 

B  2 


10  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

on  this  part  of  the  right  bank  of  the  Saone,  the 
prospect  of  Lyons  is  the  most  picturesque  of  a 
hundred  points  of  view.  A  road  hence  leads  back 
by  the  Saone  to  the  city.  No  visitor  to  Lyons 
should  fail  to  make  an  excursion  to  the  confluence 
of  its  rivers. 

On  our  return  to  the  Hotel  du  Pare,  we  ob- 
served a  crowd  assembled  around  a  scaffold  in  the 
Place  de  Terreaux,  the  scene  of  criminal  punish- 
ment, where,  after  the  siege  of  Lyons  in  1793, 
fifteen  hundred  victims  were  immolated  by  the 
worshippers  of  the  Goddess  of  Reason!  At  present 
there  was  no  guillotine  on  the  scaffold  ;  but  a  post, 
to  which  a  culprit,  a  woman,  was  fastened  and 
exposed  :  her  name,  crime,  and  sentence,  were 
written  on  a  placard  above  her  head,  and  the 
spectators  informed  by  it,  that  she  was  Lauretta 
Petit,  twenty-eight  years  of  age,  and  a  widow, 
who,  for  participation  in  a  fraudulent  bankruptcy, 
was  condemned  to  one  hour's  exposure,  and  five 
years'  imprisonment  with  hard  labour.  If  such  a 
punishment  were  applied  to  the  crime  in  England, 
I  fear  that  the  frequent  occasion  for  its  exhibition 
would  destroy  the  intended  effect ;  it  might,  how- 
ever, be  tried. 

We  have  arranged  for  our  departure  by  the 
Geneva  diligence  to-day  at  four  o'clock  :  it  goes  by 
Nantua — a  route  which  I  highly  enjoyed  in  1821. 
We  have  reckoned  with  surprise,  that  the  actual 


NANTUA.  11 

cost  of  our  conveyance  from  London  to  Geneva 
will  scarcely  exceed  five  guineas  each,  though 
we  travelled  from  Calais  to  Paris  in  the  coupe  of 
the  Hirondelle  —  a  piece  of  unnecessary  extra- 
vagance. In  London  we  each  paid  21.  \9s.  to  be 
set  down  in  Paris ;  from  Paris  to  Clialons-sur- 
Saone,  39  francs  ;  thence  by  the  coche  d'eau  to 
Lyons,  7  francs  ;  and  from  Lyons  to  Geneva  we 
have  paid  12  francs. 

9th.  —  The  route  from  Lyons  to  Geneva  is 
very  beautiful  and  interesting.  After  passing 
the  fauxbourgs  of  Lyons,  the  road  emerges  from 
long  avenues,  and  for  many  miles  ascends  the 
right  bank  of  the  Rhone.  On  looking  back, 
the  city  of  Lyons  is  seen  lying  beneath  the  hills, 
which,  except  towards  the  Rhone,  surround  it, 
and  continues  in  sight  almost  to  Mirabel,  whence 
the  route  lies  through  an  open,  cultivated  country. 
After  passing  Pont  d'Ain,  the  road  enters  among 
the  hills,  which  at  Cordon  appear  to  prevent  fur- 
ther progress,  by  closing  in  around  the  deep  dell 
in  which  this  little  town  is  situated ;  the  traveller 
emerges,  however,  by  an  excellent  road,  which 
presents  some  picturesque  scenes  as  it  winds  up 
the  hill  above  Cerdon  to  the  next  post-house  of 
Maillac,  and  thence  to  Nantua,  a  town  embosomed 
with  its  little  lake  amidst  rocks  and  mountains. 
An  excellent  inn  at  Nantua,  abundantly  supplied, 
especially  with  fish  from  the  lake,  makes   it  a 


12  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

convenient  lialf-way  resting-place  between  Lyons 
and  Geneva.  From  Nantua,  the  road,  after  cross- 
ing a  hill,  winds  through  a  valley  which  recalls 
the  scenery  of  Cumberland,  as  it  passes  the  bor- 
ders of  the  little  lakes  near  Saint  Germain  de 
Joux,  but  increases  in  wildness  as  it  skirts  a  deep 
ravine  by  Chatillon,  and  presents  a  succession  of 
scenes  of  romantic  beauty. 

Near  Bellegarde  is  the  Perte  du  Rhone,  an 
object  of  interest  to  the  traveller ;  but  he  would 
find  it  impossible  to  arrive  at  it  without  the  at- 
tendance of  a  troop  of  dirty  and  beggarly  ciceroni, 
whose  clamour  and  importunity  cannot  be  de- 
scribed. The  sudden  narrowing  of  the  Rhone, 
and  its  disappearance  into  the  caverns  through 
which  it  passes  for  a  short  distance,  are  remark- 
able features  in  this  scenery ;  but  a  gorge  more 
appalling  is  seen  from  the  bridge  at  Bellegarde, 
where  the  river  Versline  foams  120  feet  below  the 
road,  amidst  rocks  which  are  perforated  in  a  sin- 
gular manner  by  the  action  of  the  water. 

From  Bellegarde  the  road  ascends,  and  some 
magnificent  views  are  presented  to  the  traveller ; 
and  in  descending  again  to  Fort  d'Ecluse,  occa- 
sional peeps  are  caught  into  the  deep  ravine 
through  which  the  Rhone  escapes  from  the  moun- 
tain barrier  of  the  Jura.  Fort  d'Ecluse  is  con- 
structed on  the  precipitous  side  of  the  gorge  which 
the  Rhone  has  here  cut  through  the  rocks,  and 


GENEVA.  13 

which  river  the  fort  overhangs  many  hundred 
feet ;  it  completely  defends  the  approach  to  France 
by  this  i-oad.  Soon  after  passing  the  fort,  Mont 
Blanc  bursts  upon  the  view  of  the  traveller,  and 
continues  the  chief  feature  in  the  scenes  which 
extend  to  Geneva  across  a  richly  cultivated  plain. 
Here  we  have  taken  up  our  quarters  at  the  Ecu 
de  Geneve,  with  our  rooms  on  the  lake  side  of 
the  establishment  —  much  the  pleasantest,  which 
we  obtained,  with  a  little  coaxing,  from  our 
host. 

An  Endishman  is  struck  at  Geneva  with  the 
prevalence  of  his  language  :  he  hears  it  from  half 
the  persons  who  pass  him  in  the  street ;  and  at  the 
inn  it  almost  produces  the  illusion  that  he  is  still  in 
England.  I  confess  that  it  gives  me  pleasure  to 
hear  it  spoken.  I  am  not  one  of  those  who,  with  a 
canting  utterance  of  dislike  in  a  foreign  country  to 
the  sound  of  their  mother  tongue,  affect  to  avoid 
it.  I  am  sure  that  among  the  English  who  travel, 
many  are  acute  observers,  who,  by  communicat- 
ing their  knowledge  to  such  of  their  countrymen 
as  have  known  how  to  appreciate  the  opportu- 
nity, have  imparted  more  information  than  could 
have  been  obtained  from  other  sources.  The 
booby  who  seeks  distinction  by  expressing  loudly 
his  dislike  to  his  countrymen  and  their  language, 
is,  almost  without  exception,  one  who  relies  upon 
the  courtesy  of  the  stranger  to  pardon  his  common- 


14  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

place  remarries  in  bad  French,  and  obtain  a  lesson 
gratis. 

10//<.  —  Bought  a  musical  box  at  Aubert's,  in 
the  Rue  de  la  Machine.  I  recollected  that  on  a 
former  occasion  the  music  of  one  of  these  beau- 
tiful instruments  recalled  vividly  the  scenes  in 
which  I  first  heard  it ;  and  in  anticipation  of  this 
pleasure  I  shall  take  one  into  the  mountains. 
We  provided  ourselves  also  "with  sacks  to  wear 
over  the  shoulders,  leather  bottles,  and  other 
things  necessary  for  our  journey ;  all  which  can 
be  readily  procured  here. 


15 


CHAPTER  II. 

Enter  Savoy,  Bonneville — Progress  of  the  King  of  Sardinia  — 
Servoz  —  Chamouny  —  Montanvert — Col  de  Vosa — Conta- 
mines  —  Notre  Dame  de  la  Gorge  —  Col  du  Bon-homme, 
Cliapiu  —  Col  de  Seigne  —  Allee  Blanche  —  Glacier  of  the 
Brenva  —  Courmayeur. 

August  Wth.  —  Left  Geneva  at  seven  o'clock, 
for  Saint  Martin's ;  we  should  have  started  earlier, 
but  the   man  who   agreed  last  night  to  take  us 
for  eighteen  francs  did  not  make  his  appearance, 
though  he  promised  to  call  us  at  half-past  four. 
The  rascal  probably  sold  us  for  a  better  job.      On 
our  arrival  at  Bonneville,  we  found  the  new  King 
of  Sardinia  there,  on  a  progress  through  his  terri- 
tories; he  was  received  by  the  gentlemen  in  the 
neighbourhood,  and  served  by  them  as  a  guard  of 
honour.      The  houses  were  hung  with  festoons  of 
moss  and  flowers,  and  decorated  with  blue  flags, 
having  a  white  cross   upon  them  :  large  tempo- 
rary arches  had  been  erected ;  and  the  splendour 
of  the  scene  was  doubtless  very  striking  to  the 
bewildered  loyalty   of  the  worthy  Savoyards.     I 
cannot  say  that  we  felt  the  presence  very  awful  — 
Englishmen  fail  sadly  in  their  notions  of  the  dig- 


16  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

nity  of  any  king  except  their  own.  We  readied 
Saint  Martin's  at  five  ;  the  mountains  were  cloud- 
less, and  Mont  Blanc  shone  splendidly :  there  is 
no  spot  from  which  it  appears  to  so  much  ad- 
vantage as  at  the  bridge  of  Saint  Martin's,  whence 
it  is  seen  in  all  its  beauty  and  vastness.  The  heat 
to-day  has  been  excessive. 

V2th.  —  Went  in  a  char-ii-banc,  a  sort  of  car- 
riage like  a  sofa  placed  on  wheels,  to  the  baths 
of  St.  Gervais.  This  is  so  little  out  of  the  usual 
route,  by  Chede,  and  so  pleasant  a  detour,  that  all 
visitors  to  Chamouny  should  go  or  return  by  it; 
it  is  a  little  fairy  spot,  in  a  beautiful  valley,  where 
excellent  accommodation  may  be  had  en  pejision, 
hot  mineral  baths  for  the  sick,  and  delightful 
walks  around  this  little  paradise  for  the  con- 
valescent. At  the  back  of  the  house,  a  little  way 
up  the  glen,  there  is  a  fine  cataract ;  and  one  of 
the  pleasures  of  this  place  is  its  solitude,  amidst 
scenes  so  beautiful  and  wild,  that  it  would  be  dif- 
ficult to  find  it  without  a  guide.  After  breakfast- 
ing there,  we  ci'ossed  the  valley  of  the  Arve  to 
Chede,  and  proceeded  by  the  usual  route  to  Servoz, 
where  we  refreshed  our  mules,  and  enjoyed  the 
delicious  bread,  honey,  and  milk,  with  which  we 
were  served.  The  hostess  looked  as  if  the  world 
had  smiled  upon  her  since  1821.  A  new  house 
had  been  built,  with  excellent  accommodations  for 
travellers ;    for  many,   in  visiting  the  mountains 


SERVOZ.  17 

around  Mont  Elanc,  start  from  this  place  for  the 
Buet ;  and  good  guides  for  the  excursion  are  found 
here.  I  was  amused  upon  being  immediately  re- 
cognised by  mine  hostess,  as  the  Englishman  who, 
three  years  before,  had  been  indebted  to  her  for  a 
coarse  needle  and  worsted  to  make  a  temporary 
repair  of  his  clothes,  torn  in  a  flourishing  descent 
from  a  mule.  This  performance  as  tailor  took 
place  in  the  presence  of  the  Crown  Princess  of 
Denmark  and  her  suite,  who  were  then  travelling 
incog. :  they  had  come  in  thoroughly  drenched 
from  a  storm  which  they  had  encountered  in  their 
descent  that  morning  from  Chamouny.  Jupiter 
Pluvius  had  been  regardless  of  rank ;  and  if  the 
pelting  was  to  prove  the  princess's  temper,  she  came 
off  triumphantly  ;  I  cannot  pay  this  compliment  to 
some  of  her  draggle-tailed  and  unhappy  suite. 

Close  to  the  new  inn  at  Servoz  there  is  now 
established,  for  the  sale  of  the  plants  and  minerals 
of  Mont  Blanc,  a  shop,  where  the  dealers,  like 
those  at  Chamouny,  sell  the  productions  of  other 
countries,  however  distant,  as  specimens  from 
around  Mont  Blanc. 

The  deep  gorge  above  Pont  Pellisier,  on  the 
road  to  Chamouny,  is  one  of  the  finest  spots  in 
these  mountains,  and  is  particularly  impressive 
upon  the  traveller  who  makes  his  first  approach  to 
the  great  chain  of  the  Alps  by  this  route.  Tlie  first 
view  of  the  glaciers  can  never  realise  the  expecta- 


18  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

tions  of  any  visitor.  That  of  Bossons  appears  like  a 
small  white  mass  protruded  into  the  valley ;  but  its 
magnitude  is  relative :  the  enormous  scale  of  the 
surrounding  objects,  far  beyond  those  which  the 
eye  has  been  practised  in  measuring, — except  it 
be  that  of  an  Alpine  mountaineer, — deceives  the 
observer ;  and  it  is  only  when  he  approaches  close 
to  the  Glacier  of  Bossons,  that  a  true  idea  can 
be  formed  of  the  grandeur  of  these  magnificent 
masses. 

On  entei'ing  Chamouny,  I  recognised  my  old 
guide  Michael  Balma  :  on  inquiry,  we  learnt  that 
he  was  engaged  for  to-morrow;  but  as  we. shall 
stay  a  day  at  Chamouny,  I  have  promised  to  em- 
ploy him  as  our  guide  to  Courmayeur  ;  he  will 
go  to  Martigny,  and  return  to-morrow.  We  have 
put  up  at  the  Hotel  de  Londres,  where,  on  a 
former  occasion,  I  and  my  family  met  with  great 
attention  and  civility. 

13^/^. — We  were  annoyed  this  morning,  on 
finding  that  we  were  not  allowed  to  take  a  guide 
for  this  day  only,  in  order  to  receive  the  services 
of  Michael  Balma  to-morrow.  By  the  regulations 
of  the  guides,  we  cannot  dismiss  one,  and  take 
another,  without  just  complaint  against  him  :  we 
therefore  determined  to  ascend  the  Montanvert 
without  a  gu'de.  On  starting,  a  boy,  who  had 
undertaken  to  carry  our  sketching  apparatus,  was 
met  by  the  guide -en -chef,  who  drove  him  back, 


MONTANVERT.  19 

and  threatened  him  with  punishment  for  accom- 
panying us.  I  had  heen  on  the  Montanvert  before, 
and  anticipated  no  difficulty  in  going  without  a 
director ;  but  it  was  not  long  before  an  attempt  at 
a  short  cut  bewildered  us,  and  we  were  indebted 
to  a  boy,  who  was  gathering  strawberries,  for  being 
led  into  the  right  path  again :  for  this  civility,  the 
boy  was  scolded  by  some  guides  who  met  us 
ascending  the  mountain,  I  am  not  sure  that  we 
bore  with  patience  this  tyrannous  interference, — it 
was  evidently  of  less  moment  to  them  that  our 
necks  should  be  broken,  than  that  the  laws  of 
Chamouny  should  be  infringed.  Thus,  because  I 
had  chosen  the  services  of  a  particular  guide, 
whose  skill  and  care  I  was  acquainted  with,  we 
were  refused  the  assistance  of  any  other,  or  even 
mules,  for  the  day. 

The  path  to  the  Montanvert  has  now  been 
made  practicable  for  mules  the  whole  way.  We 
descended  on  the  Mer  de  Glace ;  the  emotions 
excited  by  the  objects  which  surround  the  observer 
in  this  situation  cannot  be  described,  —  their  vast- 
ness  oppresses  the  mind. 

I  was  interested  in  marking  the  progress  of  a 
large  block  of  granite,  which,  lying  on  the  glacier, 
had  advanced  with  it,  descending  towards  the 
source  of  the  Arveron,  nearly  a  mile,  since  1821. 
On  returning  to  the  house,  dedicated  A  la  nature, 
on  the  Montanvert,  we  found  a  pleasant  party  of 


20  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

young  German  officers,  who  were  in  the  course  of 
a  pedestrian  tour  in  Switzerhind  and  Savoy.  Their 
heahh,  spirits,  and  gaiety,  would  have  driven  a 
hypochondriac  mad. 

On  our  descent,  we  observed  indications  of  an 
approaching  storm,  and  Avere  fortunate  enough 
to  reach  our  inn  before  it  hurst  upon  the  valley. 
A  vast  dense  cloud  hung  upon  the  Breven,  throw- 
ing a  shadow  upon  the  mountain  side  as  black  as 
night;  the  effect  was  sublime.  Soon  after  our 
return,  the  storm  began,  darkness  closed  around 
us  with  an  intenseness  increased  by  the  vivid 
lightning,  which,  when  it  burst  on  the  clouds  and 
mountains,  lit  them  up  in  the  most  terrific  man- 
ner. The  thunder  reverberated  with  an  effect 
peculiar  to  a  storm  in  the  High  Alps;  and  we 
enjoyed  its  grandeur  with  mucli  the  same  feelings 
as  a  traveller  enjoys  his  good  fortune  when,  dur- 
ing his  visit  to  Naples,  he  witnesses  an  eruption 
of  Vesuvius. 

I4th. — The  night  was  so  stormy,  that  we  de- 
cided upon  staying  for  the  clearing  up  of  the 
weather,  before  we  ventured  across  the  Bon- 
homme.  We  walked  in  the  mornino;  to  the 
source  of  the  Arveron,  where  I  was  surprised  at 
the  change  of  appearance  in  the  arch  of  the 
glacier  whence  the  river  issues.  Three  years  since, 
its  span  was  nearly  two  hundred  feet ;  now  it  was 
diminished  to  fiftv,  and  its  heio-lit  not  more  than 


COL  DE  VOSA.  21 

twenty  feet.  Whilst  we  looked  on,  a  large  mass 
of  ice  fell  from  the  roof.  All  the  glaciers  in  this 
valley  have  diminished  since  1821  ;  that  of  the 
Bossons  protrudes  less  by  two  hundred  feet  into 
the  valley  than  it  did  at  that  time. 

On  our  return  to  the  Hotel  de  Londres,  our 
guide,  Michael  Balma,  advised  our  crossing  the 
Col  de  Vosa,  and  reaching  Contamines  to-day. 
He  thought  that  the  weather  had  cleared  up ;  but 
there  was  little  weather -wisdom  in  Michael's 
advice,  as  we  have  been  thoroughly  drenched  in 
our  passage.  About  twelve  o'clock  we  started 
on  mules,  and  soon  after  passing  the  village  of 
Ouches,  began  to  ascend .  The  storm  of  last  night 
had  destroyed  the  paths  and  road  in  some  places, 
particularly  where  the  torrents  from  the  moun- 
tain dashed  across  the  route,  and  we  saw  groups 
of  people,  principally  women,  actively  employed, 
felling  young  trees,  making  up  banks,  and  re- 
pairing the  injuries  :  a  priest,  with  folded  arms, 
encouraged  them  to  labour — hy  his  presence.  The 
women  had  fastened- their  petticoats  so  oddly  about 
their  legs,  that  the  dress  appeared  like  the  trou- 
sers of  a  Greek  galiongee. 

The  weather,  which  by  holding  up  had  decoyed 
us  on  our  journey,  now  threatened  us  again  ;  and 
we  had  not  attained  half  the  summit  of  the  Vosa 
before  the  clouds  rapidly  enveloped  us,  and  spoilt 
the  view  of  the  valley  of  Chamouny,  which  from 


22  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

this  pass  is  celebrated.     Our  ascent  by  a  tortuous 
path  up  the  side  of  the  mountain  was  in  one  place 
very   striking,   from    the   steepness  of  the  ascent 
and   zig-zag  course  of  the   road.      The   foremost 
mule  appeared  to  the  rider  of  the  second  to  be 
placed  on  a  dangerous  shelf  above  him;  and  the 
effect    was   frightful,    of  seeing    the   sky   beneath 
the  belly  of  the  upper  mule,  though  the  animals 
were  only  a  few  feet  apart.      The  remainder  of 
the  ascent  to   the   Col  de  Vosa   was  in   a  dense 
cloud.     On  reaching  a  chalet,  we  procured  some 
milk  from  an  old  woman  who  resided  in  it,  less, 
she  said,  to  make  butter  and  cheese — the  usual 
occupation  of  the   inhabitants   of  these   \vi\tched 
hovels  in  the  summer — than  induced  by  poverty 
to  take  up  her  residence  there  whilst  it  was  en- 
durable.      Our  descent   from    the    col   was    over 
a  slaty  path,  upon  which  v/e  frequently  slipped, 
for  it  was  too  dangerous  to  continue  on  our  mules ; 
and  though  rain  still  fell,  before  we  reached  the 
torrent    which    descends    from     the    glaciers    of 
Bionassey,  we  found  ourselves  below  the  clouds. 
The  torrent  was  swollen  by  the  rain,  and,  tumbling 
with  A'iolence  over  the  rocks,  appeared  to  bar  all 
further  progress.      We  here  remounted,  and  our 
guide    pointed    out   where   we    should    force    the 
mules  to  enter  the  torrent,  whilst  he  went  further 
np,  to  where,  with  the  help  of  his  pole,  and  leap- 
ing from  rock  to  rock,  he  was  able  to  ci'oss  to  us. 


CONTAMINES.  23 

The  undertaking-  to  ford  it  with  our  mules  was 
apparently  one  of  the  greatest  danger.  With 
some  difficulty  I  made  my  mule  enter  the  water ; 
and  though  the  beast  sunk  sometimes  to  the  sad- 
dle between  the  rocks,  which  formed  the  bed  of 
the  torrent,  I  crossed  safely ;  my  friend  followed ; 
and  we  could  not  suppress  our  wonder  at  the 
firm  and  sure-footed  character  of  our  mules. 
Michael  Balma  soon  overtook  us.  We  had  not 
left  the  ford  a  quarter  of  an  hour,  before  we  met 
an  English  gentleman  and  lady,  travelling  on 
mules,  without  a  guide,  and  thoroughly  drenched. 
Tliey  said  they  had  left  Chapiu  that  morning,  had 
crossed  the  Bon-homme,  and,  after  quarrelling 
with  their  guide  at  Contamines,  had  proceeded 
alone  to  Chamouny.  We  sent  back  Michael 
Balma  to  assist  the  lady  across  the  torrent,  wdiilst 
we  proceeded  to  Contamines.  The  rain  increased  ; 
and  though  occasional  glimpses  only  were  caught 
of  the  scenei-y  through  which  we  passed,  it  was 
enough  to  assure  us  of  how  nmch  of  the  s:randeur 
and  beauty  of  our  route  we  lost  by  the  unfavour- 
able state  of  the  weather.  We  reached  Contamines 
at  six  o'clock,  thoroughly  soaked.  A  good  fire, 
refreshment,  and  active  attention,  soon  restored  us 
to  comfort  and  good  humour. 

\5th. — We  thought  the  weather  too  doubtful 
to  cross  the  mountains  to-day,  as  the  object  of  our 
journey  would  be  defeated  if  Ave  could  neither  see 


24  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

the  country  nor  sketcli ;  but  we  rode  on  in  the 
valley  to  the  little  church  of  Notre  Dame  de  la 
Gorge.  It  was  a  fete,  and  people  of  the  sur- 
rounding country  in  their  holyday  dresses  made 
the  scene  a  gay  one  :  they  come  from  villages 
ten  or  twelve  hours  distant  to  this  fete.  We  re- 
cognised, in  the  assembly  a  pretty  girl  who  had 
waited  upon  us  at  the  baths  of  St.  Gervais.  The 
church  is  situated  in  a  little  nook  at  the  foot  of 
Mont  Jovet,  or  Montjoie,  close  to  the  gorge  whence 
the  torrent  of  the  Bourant  issues.  The  gay  dresses 
of  the  peasantry  were  strikingly  contrasted  with 
the  singular  seclusion  and  solitude  of  this  little 
spot.  We  Avere  fortunate  in  having  this  relief  to 
the  tedium  of  our  delay  at  Contamines.  In  the 
evening  we  rode  down  to  the  village  of  Bion- 
nay.  The  valley  is  highly  cultivated,  and  very 
beautiful. 

}6th. — The  morning,  for  which  we  had  waited 
patiently,  assured  by  our  guide  that  it  would  be 
a  fine  day,  whistled  its  entree  at  our  windows, 
with  an  accompaniment  of  clouds  and  rain.  De- 
tention at  an  inn  by  bad  weather  has,  I  believe, 
been  often  described  ;  but  by  none,  I  think,  so 
well  as  my  friend  "  Geoff ry  Crayon,"  in  his  little 
tale  of  the  ''  Stout  Gentleman."  We  looked 
out  at  five  o'clock,  again  at  half-past  six,  seven, 
and  eight, — no  prospect  of  its  ceasing  to  pour; 
nor  were  the  mountains  visible ;  and  to  see  them 


CONTAMINES.  25 

had  brought  us  seven  hundred  miles  from  home. 
At  length  we  ordered  breakfast.  In  the  salle  a 
manger  we  discovered  a  barometer  :  chairs  were 
instantly  mounted  ;  but  we  found  that  the  scale 
was  fixed  only  with  a  pin,  and  the  impatient 
observer  might  at  will  indicate  the  atmosphei'ic 
pressure  at  30°  or  31° — but,  alas !  the  sunshine 
would  not  follow.  Ten  o'clock  came ;  a  bit  of 
blue  sky  was  seen  —  it  was  transient;  the  peasant 
girls  still  wore  their  ujDjier  petticoats  turned  up 
and  tied  over  their  heads.  We  worked,  to  pass  the 
time,  upon  some  sketches,  and  spoilt  them.  We 
were  not  in  the  humour  for  happy  efforts. 

Some  travellers  who  had  reached  Contaniines 
last  evening  determined  to  start  to-day  for  the 
Allee  Blanche,  and  their  preparation  gave  us 
hope ;  they  were  of  opinion  that  the  weather 
would  clear  off  before  mid-day.  They  started  at 
eleven  ;  the  vapours  of  the  sky  soon  afterwards 
dispersed,  and  ours  with  them ;  and  with  a  fairer 
prospect  of  fine  weather,  we  left  Contamines  at  one 
o'clock.  Our  route  lay  again  through  the  valley 
to  Notre  Dame  de  la  Gorge ;  but  leaving  the  little 
dell  in  which  the  church  is  situated  on  our  rioht, 
we  ascended  by  a  steep  and  rugged  path  formed 
with  large  stones.  This  road  brought  us  to  the 
chalets  of  Nant  Bourant.  Before  our  arrival 
there,  Michael  took  us  to  see  the  cataract  of  the 
Bourant ;    it  is  near  the  path,  but  can  only  be 

c 


26  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

viewed  from  above.  In  its  descent  it  swept  round 
an  angle  in  the  rocks,  which  increased  its  noise 
and  violence.  We  afterwards  heard  rather  than 
sa^>  the  torrent,  from  the  bridge  of  Nant  Bon  rant, 
forcing  its  way  at  a  vast  depth  beneath  us.  After 
passing  the  chalets,  a  rough  path  brought  us 
through  a  pine-forest  to  a  rich  pasturage  belonging 
to  the  chalets  of  Mont  Jovet :  these  are  situated 
on  a  small  plain  beai-ing  the  name  of  the  moun- 
tain, at  which  we  rested  our  mules,  and  ol)tained 
some  delicious  milk,  whilst  we  enjoyed  the  fine 
prospect  of  the  valley  we  had  traversed,  rich  in 
pasturages  and  forests.  Thousands  of  magnifi- 
cent pines  here  decay,  that  cannot  be  employed 
for  want  of  roads  by  which  to  carry  them  from 
these  mountains  :  the  peasant  who  needs  a  tree 
for  building  pays  only  twenty  sous  for  one,  select- 
ing it  where  he  pleases ;  and  if  for  firewood, 
eight  sous.  For  the  pastui'age  of  five  cows  in  the 
mountains,  eight  francs  are  paid  for  the  season. 

From  the  chalets  we  ascended  by  a  steep  and 
dangerous  path  that  overhung  a  very  deep  de- 
clivity ;  and  in  one  of  our  windings  on  this  ridge 
the  mules'  hoofs  were  within  a  foot  of  the  brink, 
beneath  which,  at  the  depth  of  three  or  four  hun- 
dred feet,  a  torrent  falling  from  a  great  height 
dashed  across  a  chasm,  above  which  our  path 
lay.  Our  feelings  w^ere  appalled,  in  spite  of 
the  preparation  we  had  received,  in  our  journey 


COL  DE  GAUCHE.  27 

hither,  from  the  scenes  of  wildness  and  danger 
through  which  we  had  passed.  As  we  ascended, 
the  savao-eness  of  the  route  increased.  We  had 
long  left  the  forests  below  us ;  and  the  rhodo- 
dendron was  the  largest  shrub  that  we  saw  on  the 
Plan  des  Dames.  In  the  centre  of  this  little  plain 
is  a  heap  of  stones,  to  which  our  guide,  with  a 
sort  of  sacred  feeling,  desired  each  of  us  to  add  one 
—  a  duty,  he  said,  which  every  passing  traveller 
performed  towards  the  wild  tomb  of  a  lady  of 
rank  (tradition,  of  course,  says  a  princess),  who, 
with  her  suite,  was  overwhelmed  here  in  a  storm 
she  encountered  in  crossing  these  mountains. 
We  complied  with  this  Celtic  custom,  paid  our 
tribute,  and  continued  our  ascent.  We  soon 
crossed  some  beds  of  snow,  and  reached  what, 
from  the  valley  of  Mont  Jovet,  we  thought  to  be 
the  Col  de  Bon-homme,  but  it  was  the  Col  de 
Gauche.  The  strange  and  rugged  forms  of  two 
of  the  pinnacles  of  rock  bear  the  names  of  the 
Bon-homme  and  the  Femme  du  Bon-homme. 
The  name  of  the  pass  is  said,  and  with  great  pro- 
bability, to  be  derived  from  a  humane  individual 
who  formerly  established  a  place  of  refuge  here 
for  the  travellers  who  had  occasion  to  traverse 
the  mountain.  From  the  cross  on  this  summit  the 
view  down  the  valley  which  we  had  ascended  was 
strikingly  beautiful,  to  where  it  was  terminated 
by  Mont  Varens,  the  pinnacled  heights  above  the 


28  EXCURSIONS  IN  TflE  ALPS. 

village  of  St.  Martin's,  near  Sallenche.  From  the 
extremity  of  the  valley  the  eye  traced  the  course 
of  its  ascent  through  its  cultivated  portion,  yellow 
with  corn,  to  the  pines,  chalets,  and  pasturages. 
Above  these  the  bare  and  rugged  mountains  ended 
in  scathed  peaks,  glaciers,  and  eternal  snow. 

Our  route,  after  passing  the  Col  de  Gauche,  lay 
on  the  left,  behind  the  Bon-homme ;  and  we  had 
still  an  hour's  ascent  over  a  path  less  dangerous, 
but  rendered  more  difficult  by  rocks  and  torrents. 
We  descended  from  our  mules,  by  the  advice  of 
our  guide,  and  scrambled  our  way  to  the  summit, 
a  spot  marked  by  a  cross,  7900  English  feet  above 
the  level  of  the  sea.  Here  two  paths  were  open 
to  us,  one  by  the  Col  de  Fours,  which  was  the 
shortest  and  most  difficult ;  the  other  by  Chapiu  : 
we  decided  upon  the  latter,  because  IVIichael  had 
heard  one  of  the  party  who  had  started  before  us 
from  Contamines  state  their  intention  to  cross  by 
the  Col  de  Fours,  and  there  was  not  accommodation 
enough  for  another  party  at  the  chalets  de  Motet, 
to  which  that  road  led.  The  view,  looking  into 
the  valley  of  Beaufort,  on  the  south  of  the  Bon- 
homme,  is  very  fine,  where  the  range  of  mountains 
Ijetween  the  Tarentaise  -and  the  Maurienne  bound 
in  their  vastness  and  distance  the  extraordinary 
panorama  presented  on  this  pass,  the  first  that  we 
have  seen  from  such  a  situation,  and  it  is  impos- 
sible to  imagine  one  more  sublime. 


COL  DE  BON-HOMME  —  CHAPIU.  29 

On  our  descent  to  Cliapiu  a  singularly  beau- 
tiful object  presented  itself — a  mountain  in  the 
direction  of  the  Vanoise  was  seen  towering  over 
the  lower  ranges  of  the  Tarentaise  :  it  seemed  to 
be    an   enormous   pyramid    of  snow ;   its   angles, 
sharply  defined,  were  brightly  illuminated  by  the 
setting  sun  :  it  was   an  object  so  beautiful,  that 
once   seen   it   can    never  be  forgotten.      After  a 
fatiguing  descent  of  two  hours  and  a  half  on  foot, 
across    torrents,    bogs,    and    other    obstacles,   we 
reached  the  chalets  of  Chapiu,  a  group  of  a  dozen 
stone  hovels  in  a  savage  glen.     We  entered  one  of 
these,  which  was  patronised  by  our  guide.     Hos- 
pitality  sold  here,   was    indicated    by   a   bush   of 
rhododendron  tied   to   a  stick,   and  kept  on  the 
gable  by  the  weight  of  some  stones  ;  it  was  not  a 
sign  of  wine,  for  none  was  to  be  had  there,  but  it 
was  a  hint  for  eau  de  vie.     Michael  had  provided 
wine  and  bread,  &c.  at  Contamines.    The  hovel  of 
which  we  took  possession  consisted  of  two  dens, 
miscalled  chambers,  the  outer  one,  "•  serving  for 
kitchen,  for  parlour,  and  hall,"  was  about  five  feet 
wide  and  ten  feet  long,  Avith  a  fire-place  at  one 
end,   but  no  chimney.     The    sleeping-room    con- 
tained three   miserable  couches,   a  long  table  on 
trestles  in  the  centre,  and  two  forms  of  the  same 
length.    At  the  end  was  the  only  window  in  this  the 
chief  hotel  of  Chapiu  ;  it  contained  four  very  small 
panes  of  glass  when  fitted  in,  l)ut  this  was  only  on 


i 


30  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

company  occasions,  two  bars  of  iron  crossed  being 
the  usual  check  against  rats  or  weasels,  for  nothing 
larger  could  enter.  A  small  lamp,  of  classic  form, 
rendered  the  darkness  visible,  but  scarcely  enabled 
us  to  see  that  our  dormitory  had  been  recently 
fitted  up  for  the  travelling  season.  This  discovery 
I  accidentally  made  by  thrusting  my  fingers  into 
the  yet  soft  mud  and  lime  with  which  the  walls 
were  plastered.  Here,  however,  we  had  brought 
good  appetites  and  great  fatigue :  the  first  gave  a 
relish  to  delicious  milk  and  eggs ;  and  the  second, 
soon  after,  gave  us  up,  wrapt  in  our  cloaks,  to 
sound  sleep  on  the  coarse  palliasses. 

\ltJi. — ^Ve  might  have  slept  till  doomsday  if 
we  had  slept  until  the  light  from  our  six-inch 
window  had  awakened  us ;  but  IVIichael's  bustle 
to  light  a  fire  smoked  and  roused  us.  We  found 
him  putting  our  boots  in  the  best  .possible  order 
for  our  journey  with  cirage  a  la  Chapiu — butter. 
This  was  necessary,  after  the  soaking  which  they 
had  received  in  the  snow  and  torrents.  A  break- 
fast of  toasted  bread  in  delicious  milk  prepared 
us  for  our  journey ;  and  six  francs,  her  demand, 
satisfied  our  hostess. 

Our  route  lay  up  the  valley  of  the  tori'ent, 
which  rises  in  the  Glacier  del  Oratoire,  on  the 
south-east  side  of  Mont  Blanc.  The  path  was 
rugged  and  difficult ;  no  living  sound  was  heard 
except  that  of  the  marmot,  whose  shrill  whistJe 


CHALETS  OF  MOTET.  31 

occasionally  disturbed  the  deep  sense  of  solitude 
with  which  the  mind  of  the  traveller  is  oppressed 
in  his  first  visit  to  these  alpine  regions.  Yet 
there  was  a  spirit,  a  vivacity,  excited  by  the  cool 
freshness  of  the  aborning-  and  the  purity  of  the  air 
that  we  breathed  in,  which  is  never  felt  iu  the 
same  degree  out  of  the  mountains. 

In  about  two  hours  we  reached,  by  a  rugged 
and  difficult  path,  the  Hameau  de  Glacier,  and 
soon  after  the  chalets  of  Motet.  Like  Chapiu, 
this  place  generally  divides  the  journey  from 
Chamouny  to  Courmayeur,  and  is  the  place  of  rest 
for  those  who  pass  by  the  Col  du  Fours ;  the  route 
is  shorter  than  by  Chapiu,  but  the  col  is  higher 
by  a  thousand  feet  than  that  of  the  Bon-homme, 
and  the  path  more  difficult.  Here  we  met  the 
party  setting  out  for  Courmayeur  which  had  yes- 
terday left  Contamines  before  us.  Upon  describing 
and  comparing  our  accommodations,  we  had  rea- 
son to  be  pleased  with  the  comforts  of  our  hostelrie 
at  Chapiu ;  at  Motet  neither  candle  nor  lamp 
could  be  procured. 

From  these  chalets  the  ascent  to  the  Col  de 
la  Seigne  is  very  steep  and  fatiguing ;  and  in  one 
place  the  idea  of  danger  was  strongly  excited  by 
our  guide,  who  lay  on  his  back  towards  the 
mountain  slope,  where  a  very  narrow  path  skirted 
a  precipice,  and  held  our  coats  until  the  mules 
were  beyond  the  point  of  danger.     The  path  was 


32  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

slippery,  from  the  wet  and  loose  slate  of  which  it 
was  composed  ;  ])ut  i]ie  precaution  was  appalling, 
and,  I  think,  unnecessary;  though  we  certainly 
could  not  see  the  bottom  of  the  valley  immediately 
beneath  us  as  we  passed  this  spot. 

After  ascending  about  an  hour  and  a  half  from 
Motet,  we  attained  the  summit  of  the  Col  de  la 
Seigne,  about  8000  feet,  where  an  alpine  view  of 
extraordinary  magnificence  burst  upon  us.     We 
looked  upon  Mont  Blanc,  and  along  the  course  of 
the  valleys  Avhich  divide  Piemont  fi-om  the  Va- 
lais,  and  extend  nearly  thirty  miles  on  the  eastern 
side    of  its    enormous    mass,    through   the    Allee 
Blanche,  the  Val  Veni,  and  the  Val  d'Entreves, 
to    the  Col  de  Ferret.      Two  immense  pyramids 
of  rugged  rock  rear  from  the  valley  their  scathed 
heads,  and  appear  like  guards  to  the  "  monarch 
of   mountains  ;"    beyond    and    below    them    lay 
the  little   lake  of  Combal,  whence  issues  one  of 
the   sources  of  the   Doira  Baltea ;  and  down  the 
sides    of  Mont    Blanc    appeared    to    stream    the 
glaciers    of  the  Allee   Blanche    and    the   Miage; 
whilst    the    distant    peaks    which    overhang    the 
western  side  of  this  long  valley  or  valleys  (for  dif- 
ferent portions  of  it,  from  the  Col  de  la  Seigne  to 
the  Col  de  Ferret,  bear  different  names)  give  a 
peculiarly  grand  and  severe  aspect  to  the  scene  : 
among  these  the  Geant  and  the  Grand  Jorasse  are 
distinguished.      The  eastern  side  of  the  valley  is 


COL  DE  LA  SEIGNE.  33 

formed  by  the  Cramont,  and  a  range  of  mountains 
•which  extend  to  the  Col  de  Ferret,  and  terminate 
the  vista  in  Mont  Velan,  and  the  masses  which 
surround  the  pass  of  the  Great  St.  Bernard.  The 
summit  of  Mont  Blanc  was  occasionally  enveloped 
in  clouds,  and  the  changes  which  these  produced 
upon  the  scene  were  often  strikingly  beautiful. 
Most  travellers,  whose  expectations  have  been 
formed  upon  the  descriptions  in  guide-books,  are 
led  to  believe  that  the  eastern  side  of  Mont  Blanc 
is  one  vast  precipice,  from  the  summit  down  to 
the  Alice  Blanche :  it  is  certainly  much  more 
abrupt  than  towards  the  vale  of  Chamouny ;  but 
no  such  anticipation  will  be  realised  in  the  magni- 
ficent view  from  the  Col  de  la  Seigne. 

From  this  col,  leading  across  the  great 
chain  of  the  Alps,  we  began  our  descent  over 
some  beds  of  perpetual  snow,  which,  lying  on 
the  northern  side  of  the  pass,  remain  unmelted. 
Though  steep,  these  are  not  dangerous,  as  the 
feet  sink  two  or  three  inches  and  give  firmness 
to  the  step.  Scarcely  any  melting  takes  place  on 
the  surface  of  the  snow,  unless  where  the  soil  has 
been  washed  over,  or  fallen  so  as  to  cover  it. 
Generally,  the  snow  melts  below,  in  contact  with 
the  earth ;  and  this  is  one  of  the  causes  of  ava- 
lanches, where  the  mass  which  slips  acquires 
momentum  enough  to  rush  on.  Caution  is  gene- 
rally necessary  near  the  edges  of  these  beds  of 

r.2 


34  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

snow,  where  it  is  thin,  lest  the  traveller  should 
sink  through,  perhaps  two  or  three  feet.  After  a 
tedious  descent  to  the  first  pasturage,  at  the  base 
of  the  two  immense  ])yramids  which  formed  so 
striliing  a  feature  from  the  summit,  we  sat  down 
upon  the  short  and  soft  grass  of  the  pasturage  of 
the  chalets  of  the  Alice  Blanche,  to  rest  the  mules 
and  ourselves,  and  took  refreshment,  which  we  had 
brought  with  us.  The  life  and  spirit  of  such  en- 
joyment as  this  is  only  known  to  alpine  travellers. 
The  sward  around  us  was  enamelled  with  beautiful 
flowers :  of  these,  the  broad  patches  of  the  deep 
blue  gentian  were  the  richest  in  colour ;  the  alpine 
ranunculus,  and  a  hundred. otlier  varieties,  embel- 
lished the  place  where  we  rested ;  being  surrounded 
by,  and  in  the  immediate  vicinity  of,  the  loftiest 
mountains  in  Europe. 

Soon  after  leaving  this  delightful  spot,  we 
skirted  the  little  lake  of  Combal  by  a  very  narrow 
and  dangerous  path.  The  mule  on  -nhich  my 
friend  rode  attempted,  in  order  to  exhibit  his  ob- 
stinacy or  his  courage,  to  turn  upon  this  narrow 
way;  but  there  not  being  sufficient  room,  his  tail 
overhung  the  water,  whilst  his  fore  feet  were 
resting  in  a  nearly  erect  posture  against  the  rocks 
which  bordered  the  lake :  a  blow  from  Michael 
was  the  only  apjolause  that  he  received  for  his 
feat,  and  he  then  wisely  and  safely  resumed  his 
route.     After  passing  the  lake  at  the  lower  ex- 


ALLEE  BLANCHE.  35 

tremlty  across  an  embankment  of  great  thickness 
and  strength,  the  path  descends  on  the  left  side  of 
the  torrent,  which  struggles  with  horrid  violence 
in  continued  cataracts  down  the  ravine  for  several 
miles,  particularly  where,  in  passing  by  the  glacier 
of  Miage,  our  route  lay  amidst  rocks  and  stones, 
the  detritus  of  the  mountain,  brought  down  by  the 
glacier,  of  which  it  concealed  the  base  and  sides. 
The  ice  being  covered  by  the  stones  and  soil,  the 
path  was  so  dangerous  that  we  followed  the  advice 
of  our  guide,  and  descended  from  our  mules.  We 
were  occupied  nearly  two  hours  in  passing  this 
moraine,  as  the  guides  here  call  these  termina- 
tions of  the  oflaciers.  Sometimes  we  were  at  the 
water's  edge,  at  others  on  a  pathless  ridge,  some 
hundreds  of  feet  above  the  Doire,  walking  over 
loose  stones,  and  these  rendered  less  secure  by  the 
numerous  streams  which,  falling  from  the  heights 
above  us,  crossed  our  path  to  increase  the  torrent 
foaming  beneath.  At  length  we  escaped  from 
this  fatiguing  part  of  our  route,  and  entered  the 
beautiful  meadows  of  the  Val  Veni,  that  are  sepa- 
rated from  the  Val  d'Entreves  bv  a  hio-h  rido-e 
which  skirts  the  forest  of  St.  Nicolas.  There  are 
no  chalets  in  the  Val  Veni,  but  several  granges, 
in  which  the  great  quantities  of  hay  made  in  the 
meadows  and  slopes  of  this  valley  are  stored. 

The  forest  of  Saint  Nicolas,  which  we  traversed 
on  our  way  to  Courmayeur,  is  opposite  to  some 


36  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

extensive  buildings  at  the  foot  of  the  Glacier  de 
Brenva  :  foi-mei'ly  these  were  occupied  by  miners, 
who  prepared  the  lead  and  copper  ores  raised  near 
this  place ;  but  the  expenses  having  exceeded  the 
profits,  these  buildings  are  now  falling  to  decay. 
Across  the  valley  we  saw  the  beautiful  glacier  of 
Brenva  appearing  through  the  enormous  larches 
and  pines  of  the  forest,  presenting  to  us  a  scene 
deservedly  esteemed  one  of  the  finest  in  the  Alps. 
We  now  rapidly  descended  by  a  narrow  road 
which  fearfully  overhangs  the  lower  range  of  the 
glacier  of  the  Brenva,  whose  sides  were  covered 
with  masses  of  granite  and  rocks  of  great  mag- 
nitude. The  torrent  which  we  had  seen  rushing 
through  the  valley  passed  beneath  the  glacier,  and 
reappeared  increased  by  a  stream,  which  issued 
from  an  arch  at  the  termination  of  the  glacier,  like 
that  of  the  Arveron  in  the  Vale  of  Chamouny. 

In  the  valley  below  us  lay  the  village  of 
Entreves ;  and  towering  high  above  it,  on  our 
left,  were  the  Geant  and  its  pass,  over  which 
Mrs.  Campbell  and  her  daughter,  with  a  party 
of  guides,  had  lately  travelled  from  Chamouny 
to  Courmayeur.  The  road  improved  as  we  ap- 
proached the  latter  place ;  and  we  soon  got  into 
excellent  quarters  at  the  Albergo  dell'  Angela. 


37 


CHAPTER  III. 

Courniayeur  —  La  Salle — Accommodation  at  the  Hotel  a  la 
Rose  —  Aosta  — Val  d'Aosla  —  Chatillon  —  Val  Tour- 
nanche. 

August  \Sth. — We  found  our  accommodation 
here  far  superior  to  what  we  had  expected.  Many 
Piemontese  during  the  season  visit  the  baths  and 
mineral  springs  of  Courmayeur.  A  good  table 
d'hote  is  served  at  the  Angela ;  and  the  sublime 
scenery  of  the  neighbourhood  (easily  accessible  in 
short  excursions)  renders  a  brief  visit  to  Courma- 
yeur, in  the  month  of  August,  a  source  of  great 
pleasure.  My  recollection  of  the  magnificent  view 
of  the  glacier  of  the  Brenva,  from  tlie  forest  of 
St.  Nicolas,  induced  me  to  return  to  it  to-day 
to  make  a  drawing  of  the  scene.  Whilst  I  was 
engaged,  the  silence  of  these  solitudes  was  very 
impressive :  it  was  broken  only  at  long  intervals 
by  the  distant  thunder  of  the  avalanches  falling 
from  the  glacier,  whose  shai'p,  bright,  and  enormous 
masses,  seen  across  the  valley,  bade  defiance  to 
conjecture  upon  its  distance ;  it  was  four  or  five 
times  as  far  off  as  it  appeared  to  be ;  and  the 
immense   moraine,  which  took  the  coui'se  of  the 


38  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

valley  when  it  left  that  of  the  glacier  on  the 
mountain,  extended  more  than  a  league  towards 
Courmayeur.  The  soil  which  lay  on  its  sides  nou- 
rished the  roots  of  enormous  pines,  and  concealed 
the  ice  upon  which  it  rested. 

Few  inhabited  situations  are  so  sublime  as 
Courmayeur.  Mont  Blanc,  and  the  vast  peaks 
which  rise  on  its  Piemontese  side,  are,  in  ap- 
pearance, so  immediately  above  the  town,  that 
from  the  street  they  excite  an  appalling  impres- 
sion by  their  height  and  proximity ;  all  the  sur- 
rounding objects  are  so  enormous,  that  those  by 
which  we  usually  estimate  magnitude  dwindle 
into  utter  insignificance. 

We  left  Courmayeur  about  three  o'clock,  to 
descend  the  valley  of  Aosta  ;  our  route  lay  on 
the  left  bank  of  the  Doire.  We  soon  passed  the 
valley  on  the  right  which  leads  through  Pre  St. 
Didier  to  the  pass  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard.  In 
our  descent  to  Morges  we  observed  many  of  the 
enormous  chestnut-trees  for  which  this  valley  is 
celebrated,  and  ali'eady  found  the  vine  cultivated. 
We  had  intended  to  rest  at  Morges ;  but  the 
auberge  was  too  unpromising,  and  we  proceeded 
to  La  Salle.*  Here  a  fat  and  filthy  landlady, 
breathing  the  sweets  of  eau  de  vie  and  garlic, 
welcomed  us  in    a  torrent  of  Piemontese  jargon, 

*  This   village   derives   its   name   from    the    Salassi,  who 
anciently  inhabited  the  upper  valley  of  Aosta. 


LA  SALLE  —  HOTEL  A  LA  ROSE.        39 

in  which  there  were  neither  French  nor  Italian 
words  enough  to  enable  us  to  understand  her. 
We  went  up  stairs  ;  but  the  i  1th  was  so  excessive, 
that  my  friend  declared  he  would  not  remain 
here,  but  proceed  to  ViUeneuve.  This  was  a 
flourish ;  ViUeneuve  was  four  hours  distant ;  and 
we  had  been  led  to  expect  beautiful  scenery  in 
this  part  of  the  valley,  which  we  must  have 
passed  in  the  dark  if  we  had  proceeded ;  besides, 
Michael  thought  we  had  not  much  chance  of 
better  accommodation  at  ViUeneuve.  We  sub- 
mitted, therefore,  but  with  a  very  ill  grace,  to 
receive  the  delicate  attentions  of  our  hostess, 
Madame  Sale,  as  Michael  called  her  in  his  efforts 
at  a  pun  :  her  dirt  destroyed  our  appetites ;  this 
perhaps,  was  fortunate,  as  she  had  nothing  where- 
with to  gratify  them.  She  was  anxious,  however, 
to  know  what  we  wished  to  have  for  supper,  and 
offered  us  any  thing  ;  but,  whatever  we  particu- 
larised was  met  by  a  shake  of  the  head  :  at  length 
we  asked  for  trout  from  the  Doire,  and  she  de- 
lighted us  by  saying  there  was  plenty  o^ poissons ; — 
there  might  have  been  in  the  river,  but  the  supper 
served  to  two  hungry  travellers  was  one  boiled 
trout  just  the  length  of  my  porte-crayon,  and  some 
boiled  potatoes.  We  had  wine,  however,  and 
bread.  We  asked  for  milk  ;  but  this  was  a  luxury 
not  to  be  procured  at  this  season  in  the  valley. 
After  supper  my  companion  and  I  tossed  up  for 


40  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

the  bed,  as  there  was  but  one ;  I,  fortunately,  lost, 
and  got  a  palliasse  thrown  on  the  flooi*,  on  which 
I  lay  wrapt  in  my  cloak;  my  li/chi/  friend  who 
won  the  bed,  which  in  form  was  like  an  old  Eng- 
lish one,  had  not  taken  possession  of  it  ten  minutes 
before  he  was  welcomed  by  a  legion,  w^hose  affec- 
tionate zeal  drove  him  out  to  collect  the  chairs  as 
a  resting-place. 

I9th.  —  When  we  were  called  at  five  by 
Michael,  all  that  remained  of  my  friend  was 
awake,  and  we  prepared  to  start.  Our  landlady 
appeared  in  an  interesting  dishabille,  and  seemed 
to  be  very  unhappy  on  learning,  for  the  first  time, 
that  she  had  bugs  in  the  house,  and  would  have 
denied  it  but  for  the  evidence  which  they  had  left 
on  the  face  of  my  friend.  Upon  asking  for  our 
bill,  she  demanded,  in  her  patois,  dod'izy  liri.  This 
Piemontese  sum  total,  without  details,  did  not 
include  Michael's  bill,  who,  cursing  the  old  hag, 
said  she  had  already  been  demanding  four  francs 
for  his  accommodations,  though  he  had  slept  in 
the  hay-loft — the  pleasantest  dormitory,  by  the 
by,  ill  the  Hotel  a  la  Rose.  The  villanous  de- 
mand of  twelve  francs  we  determined  to  resist, 
and  refused  to  pay  even  half  the  sum ;  when  our 
hostess  tossed  off  a  large  glass  of  eau  de  vie,  and 
placed  her  arms  a-kimbo,  as  we  thought  to  prepare 
for  battle  :  however,  on  my  putting  down  a  five- 
franc  piece,  she  seized  it  so  greedily,  as  to  excite 


FORT  ROC.  41 

resret  that  we  should  have  offered  her  so  much ; 
a  franc  would  have  paid  such  expenses  and 
services  as  we  had  incurred  and  received,  with 
ample  profit.  Michael  got  off  hy  paying  two,  and 
as  much  grumbling  as  he  could  throw  into  the 
bargain.  At  length  we  escaped,  crossed  our 
mules,  and  left,  ''  a  la  rose,  hon  logis.''  We  after- 
wards learned  that  Madame  Sale  was  one  of  the 
richest  inhabitants  in  the  valley  ;  a  brother  who 
died  in  America  had  left  her  above  40,000  francs — 
an  immense  sum  here  ;  but  the  pill  had  not  even 
then  sufficient  gilding;  she  still  remained  in  single 
blessedness. 

On  leaving  the  village  of  La  Salle,  the  scene 
looking  back  upon  Mont  Blanc  was  magnifi- 
cent ;  the  valley  rich  in  wood  and  vines,  and 
the  old  castle  of  La  Salle  on  a  peaked  rock  jut- 
ting from  the  mountain-side,  presented  a  picture 
to  which  the  clearness  and  tints  of  the  morning 
gave  splendour.  We  soon  after  crossed  the  river, 
where  the  mountains  closed  into  a  deep  defile, 
and  ascended  to  Fort  Roc,  a  narrow  pass  so  truly 
overhanging  the  deep  ravine  of  the  Doire,  that 
tlie  road  was  in  two  or  three  places  carried  on 
platforms  across  fissures  in  the  mountain-side, 
many  hundred  feet  above  the  river  ;  these,  in  case 
of  invasion  by  this  pass,  might  be  removed,  and 
thus  effectually  cut  off  all  communication  between 
the  upper  and  the  lower  valleys.     Our  last  view 


42 


EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


of  Mont  Blanc  was  from  this  spot ;  and  we  con- 
gratulated ourselves  that  we  had  not  proceeded 
last  night,  wlieu  these  magnificent  scenes  must 
have  been  concealed  from  us;  every  turn  in  the 
road  presented  some  new  and  beautiful  point  of 
view,  or  picturesque  object— rocks,  ravines,  forests, 
and  old  chateaux,  Avere  the  materials  of  the  scenery, 
aided  by  the  occasional  extension  of  the  valley 
into  some  beautiful  little  plain,  always  bounded 
by  lofty  mountains  of  magnificent  forms.  After 
passing  the  steep  and  dirty  village  of  Ivrogne,  we 
crossed  the  torrent  which  descends  from  the  Iseran 
by  the  Val  de  Rema,  thence  we  descended  to 
Villeneuve,  where  we  rested  and  procured  an  ex- 
cellent breakfast  of  eggs,  honey,  sausages,  chicken, 
wine,  cheese,  &;c. :  for  this  abundance  the  de- 
mand was  34  sous  (17(/.);  a  striking  contrast  with 
Madame  Sale's  fare  and  dndlzy  liri. 

On  leaving  Villeneuve  the  route  again  crosses 
the  Doire,  and  continues  on  the  left  bank  of  the 
river  to  Aosta.  A  little  below  Villeneuve  the 
road  passes  by  the  village  of  St.  Pierre,  and 
leaves  its  old  castle  built  on  a  rock  on  the  left: 
it  is  one  of  the  finest  of  the  feudal  remains  in 
this  valley.  The  route  now  lies  through  a  wider 
plain,  and  many  parts  of  it  are  well  cultivated. 
Occasionally  the  road  lies  across  the  beds  of 
detritus  washed  from  the  mountains  by  the  winter 
torrents,  which  renders  sterile   all   such  spots  as 


AOSTA.  43 

it  covers.  The  road  is  tolerably  good,  except  in 
such  places,  and  there  its  injuries  are  soon  re- 
medied . 

After  passing  the  chateau  of  Sarra,  the  valley- 
becomes  still  wider,  and  the  city  of  Aosta  appears 
situated  at  the  base  of  those  mountains  which  lead 
to  the  pass  of  the  Great  St.  Bernard.  We  took 
up  our  quarters  at  the  Hotel  de  la  Poste,  and 
then  visited  the  Roman  remains  for  which  Aosta 
is  celebrated.  After  the  conquest  of  the  Salassi,  a 
people  living  on  the  confines  of  the  Alps,  who  had 
harassed  the  Romans,  by  whom  they  were  extir- 
pated, Augustus  rebuilt  their  city,  gave  it  his  own 
name,  and  established  there  3000  soldiers  from 
the  praetorian  cohorts.  Inscriptions  and  ruins  are 
found  in  various  situations  which  attest  its  early 
importance  :  of  these,  an  amphitheatre  may  be 
traced,  a  bridge,  a  triumphal  arch  in  tolerable 
preservation,  and  a  gateway  of  remarkable  form, 
having  two  facades,  with  a  quadrangle  between 
them ;  each  facade  composed  of  three  arches,  the 
centre  much  the  largest.  There  are  other  ruins, 
in  which  the  antiquarian  may  indulge  his  fancy 
in  speculations.  We  found  our  inn  dirty  and 
disagreeable ;  and  our  rest  was  broken  by  an  in- 
truder into  the  chamber  of  my  companion,  be- 
tween whose  room  and  my  own,  a  door  had  been 
left  open.  In  his  there  was  another  door,  leading 
to  a  third  chamber ;  this  was  slowly  and  suspi- 


44  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

ciously  opened  by  some  one,  who  roused  my  fiuend. 
He  called  out  to  me  for  my  pistols;  the  party 
retreated.  Some  time  after,  I  was  again  disturbed ; 
the  mysterious  visitor  had  again  entered  ;  but  as 
I  dreaded  to  comply  with  my  companion's  wish 
to  let  him  have  arms  to  fire  upon  the  intruder, 
I  got  up,  and  with  a  convenient  screw-bolt, 
such  as  every  traveller  should  carry,  fastened 
the  door. 

20th. — We  learned  this  morning  that  the  poor 
devil  whom  my  friend  would  have  shot,  was  a 
traveller  like  ourselves,  whose  fears  of  Messieurs 
les  Anglais  kept  him  awake  and  restless,  with  the 
dread  that  his  throat  might  be  cut  by  us  before 
the  morning. 

We  did  not  leave  Aosta  until  nine  o'clock, 
owing  to  the  necessity  of  pi'ocuring  a  revision  of 
our  guide's  passport,  before  he  could  proceed  fur- 
ther down  the  valley.  At  a  short  distance  from 
Aosta,  the  Chateau  de  Quart  struck  our  attention 
from  its  picturesque  appearance  and  commanding 
situation.  We  attained  it  by  ascending  the  hill  on 
our  left,  and  enjoyed  a  delightful  view  of  that  part 
of  the  valley  in  which  Aosta  is  situated.  It  lay 
spread  out  into  a  plain  highly  cultivated.  The 
Turkish  corn  and  the  vines  were  luxuriant ;  the 
sides  of  the  hills  were  clothed  with  forests  of  vast 
chestnut  and  walnut-trees;  and  beyond  these  ap- 
peared the  glaciers  and   peaks  of  Mount  Soana. 


v^AL  d'aosta.  45 

Every  thing  bore  the  air  of  the  Italian  side  of  the 
Alps.  Pictures  of  souls  suffering  in  purgatory 
were  painted  upon  the  little  chapels,  to  stimu- 
late the  fears  or  the  piety  of  passengers  ;  and  a 
small  box,  strongly  locked,  was  always  near  it,  to 
receive  the  freedom  from  perdition,  which  may 
here  be  bought  with  the  smallest  coin  in  the 
realm  offered  the  church.  Bon  jour  was  already 
exchanged  for  salute;  but  it  was  offered  by  a  race 
of  beings  generally  stunted  and  diseased.  No- 
where are  goitres  and  cretins  more  prevalent  than 
in  this  beautiful  valley.  The  peasantry  appear 
squalid  and  filthy.  Of  the  whole  population  in 
the  neighbourhood  of  Aosta,  one  in  fifty  is  a 
cretin  ;  and  above  half  are  more  or  less  goitred. 
Some  of  these  are  horrid  objects.  Tumours  as 
large  as  their  heads  are  appended  to  their  throats, 
varying  in  number,  size,  and  colour.  The  dirt,  de- 
formity, and  imbecility  of  the  inhabitants  of  this 
part  of  the  valley,  presented  a  scene  so  wretched, 
that  it  harrowed  our  feelings.  Not  a  well-dressed 
or  decent-looking  person  is  to  be  met  with  :  all 
bear  marks  of  poverty,  disease,  and  wretchedness ; 
and  this  too  amidst  scenes  for  which  nature  has 
done  so  much.  Surrounded  by  mountains,  and 
high  in  their  own  locality,  we  saw  nothing  of  the 
lightness,  activity,  and  high  spirits  of  the  moun- 
taineer. Something  weighs  upon  the  people  like 
a   curse.      Many  conjectures    have   been   offered 


46  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

upon  the  cause  of  goitres  and  cretinism.  Labour, 
food,  water,  air,  have  all  been  offered  in  explana- 
tion ;  but  none  of  these  account  for  it  satisfactorily. 
The  opinion  of  our  guide  was,  that  it  was  chiefly 
owing  to  the  villanously  dirty  habits  of  the  peo- 
lAe  most  afflicted  with  it.  He  said  that  among 
the  mountaineers  this  was  the  general  opinion ; 
and  though  it  sometimes  descended  in  families, 
and  often  was  observed  in  infancy,  yet  it  might 
be  traced  to  the  filthy  habits  of  preceding  gene- 
rations. 

Perhaps  the  finest  part  of  the  valley  of  the 
Doire  lies  below  Aosta  :  it  abounds  with  chateaux 
in  picturesque  situations.  Many  of  these  are  at 
great  elevations ;  others  are  situated  on  bold  head- 
lands or  knolls,  at  the  bases  of  the  mountains  ; 
some  are  on  rocks,  accessible  only  with  great  dif- 
ficulty, and  generally  they  are  surrounded  by  the 
vast  forest-trees  of  this  valley.  At  Nuz  there  is 
a  picturesque  entrance  by  a  gateway  beneath  the 
ruins  of  a  chateau.  Throughout  this  valley  the 
fi'onts  of  the  auberges  have  generally  trellises  of 
vines  extending  quite  across  the  road,  where  tra- 
vellers mav  rest  and  take  refreshment,  sheltered 
from  the  sun  l)y  the  leaves  and  pendulous  fruit 
which  ripen  beneath.  These  trellises  are  as  pic- 
turesque as  they  are  convenient. 

We   arrived   at   the  Three   Kings,    chez  Jean 
Guarda,  at  Chatillon,  about  six  o'clock,  and  learnt, 


CHATILLON.  47 

with  some  vexation,  that  the  glaciers  of  the  Cervin, 
which  we  had  hoped  to  cross,  were  reported  to  be 
impassable.     AVe  have  resolved,  however,  to  try 
to-morrow.      Chatillon   is  situated   in   the  valley 
of  Aosta,  at  the  opening  of  the  Val  Touraanche, 
which  leads  by  the  high  pass  of  the  Cervin  into 
the  Valais.     The  torrent  which  descends  from  the 
Cervin    rushes    into   the  Val  d 'Aosta   through    a 
frio-htful  chasm.     Across  it  a  bridge  of  admirable 
construction  is  thrown,  a  single  arch  ;  and  the  gulf 
seen  from  its  parapets  is  quite  appalling.     About 
500  feet  further  down  the   ravine  there  are  two 
old  bridaes,  one  built  over  the  other.     The  lower 
arch,  which  still  remains,  is  said  to  be  a  Roman 
work.      About    ten    feet    directly   above    this   the 
second  is  built,  and  the  liigh  road  of  the  valley 
formerly  passed  over  it :    it  now  only  leads  to  a 
chapel  and  some  vineyards.     From  the  parapet  of 
the  new  bridge,  the  view  of  the  ravine,  the  old 
bridges,    the   Chateau   d'TJselle,   seen    across   the 
vallev,  and  the  mountains  which  divide  the  valleys 
of  the  Doire  and  the  Orca,  is  very  fine. 

2lst. — The  falling-in  of  the  glaciers  of  the  Cer- 
vin, across  which  lies  our  route  to  the  Valais,  is  an 
accident  of  very  unusual  occurrence  ;  it  is  reported 
to  have  happened  a  week  ago  ;  and  as  no  travellers 
had  since  descended  from  the  pass,  Jean  Guarda 
onsidered  our  attempt  as  hopeless.  We,  how- 
ever, procured  another  guide  from  Chatillon,  and 


48  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

ascended  the  Val  Tournanche.  The  entrance  was 
exceedingly  wild  and  grand,  through  a  forest  of 
chestnuts,  and  amidst  enormous  blocks  of  ser- 
pentine which  had  fallen  from  the  mountains  on 
both  sides.  Sometimes  the  road  skirted  precipices 
above  the  torrent  too  deep  for  the  eye  to  reach 
the  waters.  After  ascending  for  some  time,  and 
occasionally  crossing  the  river,  the  peak  of  the 
Cervin  appeared  over  the  mountains,  which  seemed 
to  close  the  ascent  of  the  valley ;  it  rose  like  a 
pyramid  of  such  vast  magnitude,  that  I  cannot 
describe  the  impression  which  it  made  upon  us. 
At  the  village  of  Val  Tournanche,  where  guides 
are  usually  taken  to  cross  the  Cervin,  we  were 
assured  by  them,  that  with  mules  it  was  impas- 
sible, and  on  foot  several  guides  would  be  required 
to  insure  our  safety.  They  said  that  a  change  of 
the  glaciers  by  this  pass  was  very  rare  —  it  had  not 
happened  for  twenty  years  before ;  but  now  the 
whole  glacier  on  the  side  of  the  Valais  was  in 
motion.  Some  attempts  had  been  made  to  trace 
another  path,  but  without  success,  as  the  pro- 
gress of  the  glaciers  had  destroyed  them,  and 
they  must  wait  for  its  settling.  The  danger  ap- 
peared to  exceed  the  love  of  gain,  even  with  these 
mountaineers,  and  they  owned  that  they  would 
rather  not  undertake  to  accompany  us.  We  had  no 
desire  to  exhibit  any  fool-hardiness ;  and,  bowing 
to  the  necessity,  were  preparing  to  return,  when 


VAL  TOURNANCHE.  49 

two  scoundrels,  who  made  themselves  known  as 
prcposes  (officers  of  customs  on  the  frontiers), 
clahned  a  right  to  examine  our  baggage.  As  we 
were  about  to  return  to  Chatillon,  and  had  not 
left  the  states  of  Sardinia,  we  resisted  this  obvious 
attempt  to  extort  money ;  but  as  the  beggarly 
manoeuvre  was  also  an  unjust  one,  we  shewed  our 
passports,  which  neither  of  them  could  read,  and 
we  refused  to  grant  what  they  had  no  right  to  de- 
mand :  if  we  had  entered  or  left  the  frontier,  it 
would  have  been  their  duty.  One  of  them  seized 
my  companion's  horse's  bridle  to  use  violence,  for 
which  he  received  a  blow  from  him  with  his  draw- 
ing-stool over  the  arm,  which  he  was  likely  to 
remember  for  some  time  :  they  instantly  ran  to 
their  station  for  their  arms  and  assistance ;  our 
pistols  were  as  immediately  put  in  requisition. 
This  brought  a  nest  of  hornets  about  us  ;  the  peo- 
ple of  the  village  were  too  much  afraid  of  the 
rascals  not  to  assist  them,  if  necessary.  Michael, 
and  our  guide  from  Chatillon,  threw  themselves 
upon  us  with  the  entreaty,  that  we  would  not  pro- 
ceed to  further  violence.  All  admitted  the  justice 
of  our  case  ;  but  said,  that  whatever  the  conse- 
quences might  be  to  us,  or  to  tlie  prcposes,  they, 
the  guides,  were  sure  to  be  sufferers;  and  the 
terror  of  poor  Michael,  for  whom  we  felt  a  real 
regard,  was  so  great,  that  we  at  length  agreed  to 
let  our  luggage  be  opened.     Our  assailants  then 

D 


50  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

offered  to  let  us  off  for  a  franc,  their  only  ob- 
ject ;  this  we  refused,  declaring  our  determination 
to  report  their  conduct  at  Turin  :  nothing  was 
taken,  the  things  were  replaced ;  yet,  even  after 
this,  with  a  sort  of  coaxing  grin,  the  fellows  asked 
something  for  having  let  us  off  so  easily;  but  they 
did  not  succeed.  We  returned  by  the  same  route, 
fatigued  by  our  long  day's  journey. 


61 


CHAPTER  IV. 

Val  d'Aosta — Fort  Bard — .Ivrea — Monte  Serra  —  Biella  Hos- 
pital—  Gattinara  —  A  Coquette  —  Val  Sesia — Varallo — 
Sacro  Monte  —  Borgomaniera — Lake  of  Orta  —  Isola  Giu- 
lio — Oraegna  —  Lago  Maggiore  —  Isola  Bella — Baveno. 

August  22c?. — We  now  felt  it  necessary  to  alter 
our  plan,  and  decided  upon  hiring  a  volantin — a 
sort  of  gig — of  our  host,  Jean  Guarda,  to  be  driven 
by  him  to  Milan,  by  Biella  and  the  Lake  of  Orta. 
We  were  obliged  to  part  with  our  excellent  guide 
from  Chamouny,  Michael  Balma,  whose  disap- 
pointment in  not  crossing  the  Cervin  was  equal 
to  our  own.  We  left  Chatillon  about  eight  o'clock, 
and  a  league  below  it  passed  through  the  village 
of  St.  Vincent,  where  there  are  mineral  waters,  to 
which  invalids  resort.  Near  it  we  crossed  a  re- 
markable bridge  of  Roman  construction,  called 
the  Pont  des  Saracens ;  it  is  thrown  over  a  deep 
ravine.  The  view  from  the  bridge,  looking  up 
the  valley  towards  Chatillon,  is  very  beautiful. 
We  soon  after,  on  our  descent,  found  the  valley 
turn  abruptly  to  the  right,  at  the  defile  of  Mont 
Jovet,  where  the  road  is  cut  out,  like  a  deep 
lateral  furrow  in  the  face  of  the  rock  that  over- 


52  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

hangs  a  dark  and  fearful  abyss,  through  -svhich 
the  Doire,  at  a  great  depth,  forces  its  way.  This 
road  is  probably  a  work  of  the  Romans.  It  must 
have  l)een  one  of  great  labour,  to  have  been  thus 
formed  before  the  use  of  gunpowder  was  known. 
It  appears,  from  an  inscription  cut  on  the  face  of 
the  rock,  that  it  was  greatly  improved  by  the 
monks  of  St.  Bernard,  who  are  of  the  order  of 
St.  Augustin  ;  but  by  a  little  manoeuvre  of  Charles 
Emanuel,  third  king  of  Sardinia,  who  has  added 
to  the  inscription  on  the  tablet  above  and  below, 
he  has  taken  a  large  share  of  the  credit  to  him- 
self.    It  stands  thus : 

CAROLI    EMANUELIS    III    SARDIXI.E 
REGIS.   P.  F.  INVICTI  AUCTORITATE 

INTENTATAM   ROMANIS  VIAM 
PER   ASPERA   MONTIS    lOVIS   lUGA 
AD    FACILIORUM    COMMERCIORL'M 

ET    THERMARUM    USUM 

MAGNIS    IxMPENSIS    PATEFACTAM 

AUGUSTANI 

PERFECERUNT  A.  MDCCLXXI 

REGNI   XLII 

On  the  left,  and  immediately  above  the  road, 
stands  the  chateau  of  St.  Germains,  which  nmst 
have  rendered  this  place  dangerous  to  travellers, 
when  the  lawless  power  of  feudal  lords  levied 
contributions  on  those  who  passed  near  them. 
The  chateau  commands  fine  views  up  and  down 
the  valley. 


VAL  d'aOSTA FORT  BARD.  53 

The  next  town,  Verrex,  is  situated  at  the  en- 
trance to  the  Val  de  Challant,  which  descends  from 
the  Mont  Rosa.  The  appearance  of  the  people 
here  shewed  a  little  improvement  in  cleanliness 
and  health.  The  castle  of  Verrex,  of  which  an 
immense  square  keep  remains,  is  scarcely  worth 
the  trouble  of  visiting.  We  took  refreshment  at 
the  Scudo  di  Francia,  where  I  was  poisoned  by 
the  wine ;  my  throat  felt  as  if  on  fire,  and  it  was 
long  before  I  was  relieved  from  the  painful  sensa- 
tions which  it  produced.  Descending  the  valley 
we  reached  Fort  Bard.  The  natural  strength  of  this 
position  is  so  great  as  nearly  to  have  proved  fatal 
to  Buonaparte  in  his  invasion  of  Italy  in  1800. 

When  his  army,  on  its  way  from  the  passage 
of  the  Great  St.  Bernard,  to  reap  the  laurels  of 
Marengo,  arrived  at  Fort  Bard,  it  was  checked  by 
an  Austrian  garrison  of  four  hundred  men.  The 
strength  of  the  position  may  be  conceived  from  the 
small  number  of  soldiers  placed  there  to  defend  it. 
This  check,  if  effectual,  would  have  been  fatal  to 
the  French  army ;  its  rations  would  have  been 
exhausted  in  a  few  days,  and  sufficient  supplies  by 
the  Great  St.  Bernard  were  hopeless.  Buonaparte's 
impatience  and  inquietude  were  excessive  ;  his  fate 
depended  upon  his  power  to  force  this  pass  without 
delay.  He  ordered  an  assault — the  town  was  en- 
tered ;  but  the  street  terraced  out  of  the  rock, 
through   which  the   route   lay,  was  commanded 


54  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

almost  witliin  pistol-shot  by  the  fort.  The  most 
daring  attempts  by  the  French  grenadiers  to  take 
the  fort  were  defeated,  and  an  attempt  to  pass 
without  silencing  the  batteries  would  have  been 
certain  destruction.  During  this  affair,  however, 
a  party  of  fifteen  hundred  men,  though  exposed  to 
the  fire  of  the  fort,  had  climbed  the  rocks  and 
precipices  of  the  Albaredo,  a  mountain  above  the 
town,  and  succeeded  in  conveying,  but  with  in- 
credible danger  and  difficulty,  a  four-pouuder  to 
the  point  of  a  rock,  which  commanded  the  fort, 
where  it  was  successful  in  checking  the  battery 
that  annoyed  the  troops  in  this  ascent.  Generals 
Berthier  and  IVIarmont  now  prepared  for  passing 
through  the  town  with  the  main  army  by  night ; 
litter  was  strewn  in  the  street,  and  the  wheels  of 
the  cannon  and  waggons  were  bound  with  hay- 
bands,  to  deaden  the  sound  of  their  passage.  A 
party  of  soldiers  had  succeeded  in  raising  a  gun 
into  the  belfry  of  a  church  which  commanded  one 
of  the  gates  of  the  fort.  With  the  darkness  the 
march  began,  but  the  wary  enemy  opened  a  tre- 
mendous and  destructive  fire.  Each  gun  of  the 
French  army  was  drawn  by  fifty  soldiers,  who 
passed  beneath  the  shot,  grenades,  and  pots  de  feu 
of  the  Austrians,  with  as  nuich  silence  and  speed 
as  possible.  Fortunately,  the  gun  in  the  belfry 
was  so  efficiently  served,  that  it  destroyed  the  gate 
of  the  fort,  which  it  connnanded ;  and  the  Austrians, 


IVREA.  65 

fearing  an  immediate  assault  at  that  point,  sur- 
rendered. 

Though  the  forms  of  the  rocks  around  Fort 
Bard  are  grand  and  commanding,  they  are  not 
picturesque.  After  passing  through  the  narrow 
street  of  the  village,  we  descended  rather  ahruptly 
to  Donas,  where  the  road  passes  under  an  arch 
cut  in  the  rock,  a  Roman  work ;  and  near  it  is 
a  Roman  mile-stone,  bearing  the  number  XXX. 
At  Saint  jVIartin's,  lower  down  in  the  valley,  a 
single  arch,  of  great  span,  is  thrown  across  the 
torrent  of  the  Lesa,  which  flows  from  the  Monte 
Rosa.  From  Saint  Martin's,  the  mountains  lessen, 
the  valley  widens  ;  and  at  Settimo  Vittone  the 
traveller  may  be  said  to  have  reached  the  plains 
of  Italy,  —  at  least,  the  road  is  now  nearly  level 
all  the  Avay  to  the  city  of  Ivrea,  in  the  plains. 

Though  we  were  taken  to  the  principal  hotel, 
our  accommodations  were  wretched :  we  found 
some  amusement,  however,  in  looking  out  upon  the 
Grande  Place,  and  watching  the  military  evolu- 
tions of  one  corporal,  one  drummer,  one  fifer,  and 
one  (!)  rank  and  file,  relieving  the  city  guard,  with 
so  much  evident  earnestness,  and  consciousness  of 
their  dignity  and  importance,  that  our  gravity  was 
perfectly  upset.  Ivrea  is  a  town  of  great  antiquity, 
known  to  the  Romans  as  Eporedia — a  name  sup- 
posed by  Pliny  to  be  derived  from  the  Gauls  : 
here  the  Salassi,  captives  to  the  Romans,   were 


56  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

sold  as  slaves  by  public  auction.  It  was  the  seat 
of  a  dukedom  under  the  kings  of  Lombardy  ;  and 
its  importance  as  a  marquisate  at  a  later  period  in 
history,  is  shewn  in  Durandi's  Marca  (Tlvrea. 
The  Doire  washes  its  walls,  and  the  entrance  to 
the  city  from  Turin  is  over  the  river  by  a  pic- 
turesque bridge  which  crosses  the  torrent.  The 
old  castle,  with  its  turrets,  now  a  prison,  is  a 
striking  feature  in  any  view  of  the  town.  Ivrea 
is  the  capital  of  the  Canavois,  a  district  which 
derives  its  name  from  the  quantity  of  hemp  it 
produces. 

2Zd.  —  After  a  hot  and  stormy  night,  we  set 
off  for  Biella,  though  the  weather  was  not  very 
promising  for  our  journey.  It  was  cloudy  on  the 
mountains ;  but  we  looked  back  upon  Ivrea  and 
the  plains  —  a  scene  of  great  richness,  and  of  im- 
mense extent  —  as  we  ascended  to  cross  the  Monte 
Serra  by  the  hills  upon  which  the  village  of  Bo- 
lenga  is  situated  :  these  are  covered  with  vines, 
whose  produce  is  celebrated  ;  but  a  heavy  calamity 
had  just  befallen  the  proprietors.  About  ten  days 
since,  a  storm  of  hail  swept  across  their  hills,  and 
destroyed  all  their  hopes  of  a  productive  vintage. 
The  .mischief  had  extended  over  a  line  of  about 
twelve  miles  ;  the  hail  had  beaten  down  the  vines 
t>nd  the  corn,  and  the  wind  had  torn  up  the  chest- 
nut and  walnut-trees,  leaving  to  the  cultivators 
only  a  scene  of  desolation. 


BIELLA.  57 

The  cross  route  which  we  took,  as  the  shortest 
to  Biella,  was  six  leagues.  On  the  hills  it  was 
steep  and  rugged,  and  even  on  the  plain  in  had 
condition.  The  glimpses  which  we  occasionally 
caught  of  the  mountains,  as  the  clouds  cleared  off, 
caused  our  regret  that  we  should  have  left  Ivrea  so 
hastily;  and  we  determined,  on  arriving  at  Biella, 
to  stay  there  to-day,  instead  of  proceeding  to  Gatti- 
nara.  The  rain  ceased,  so  as  to  enable  us  to  walk 
out.  Beyond  the  Vercelli  gate,  a  grove  leads  to 
a  terrace  above  the  river  Cervo,  which  presents  a 
prospect  of  great  extent  and  beauty.  In  the  plains 
of  Piemont  we  distinctly  saw  the  cities  of  Novara 
and  Vercelli :  numerous  spires  and  towers  marked 
other  places  of  less  importance  ;  and  the  vine- 
covered  hills,  which  formed  the  immediate  fore- 
ground of  this  delightful  scene,  between  which  we 
caught  the  view  of  the  plain,  made  up  a  picture 
of  singular  beauty.  In  our  rambles  we  obtained 
some  delicious  peaches  from  a  well-stocked  garden ; 
and  walking  in  another  direction,  we  met  a  sick 
man,  brought  by  his  neighbours  from  the  country 
to  the  hospital  of  Biella.  Four  of  his  friends 
carried  him  on  a  sort  of  bier,  covered  closely  over 
with  a  cloth,  whicli  was  dripping  wet  from  the 
rain :  he  had  been  brought  from  some  distance. 
Two  other  friends  accompanied  the  bearers,  to 
relieve  them  in  this  act  of  kindness :  their  patois 
was  an  obstacle  to  our  obtaining  any  account  of 

d2 


58  EXCURSIONS  IN  TUE  ALPS, 

the  poor  fellow.  We  afterwards  passed  the  hospi- 
tal, and,  looking  in,  saw  with  pleasure  its  clean- 
liness, and  the  attention  to  the  comforts  of  the 
patients  exercised  by  the  Sisters  of  Charity. 

This  hospital  was  formerly  a  nunnery,  and  the 
figure  of  a  female  saint  or  two  still  decorated  the 
facade.  The  conversion  of  a  den  of  idlers  into  a 
hospital  to  assist  the  unfortunate,  was  a  delightful 
sight ;  and  the  contrast  was  striking  between  the 
cloistered  mummeries  formerly  prescribed  to  the 
nuns  by  the  patroness  of  their  order,  and  their 
present  usefulness,  and  kindness  to  the  wretched. 
We  found  the  inn  at  Biella  excellent :  this  pro- 
bably arose  from  the  number  of  visitors,  pilgrims, 
to  the  sacred  hill  of  Our  Lady  of  Mount  Oropa,  a 
celebrated  sanctuary,  about  six  miles  from  Biella. 

We  had  another  display  of  the  evolutions  of  a 
city  guard  this  evening,  which,  like  that  of  Ivrea, 
reminded  us  forcibly  of  the  army  of  Bombastes 
Furioso. 

24M. — Left  Biella  at  six  o'clock.  At  Cossata 
we  found  that  the  bridge  had  been  swept  away 
by  the  recent  storm,  and  that  its  injuries  had 
greatly  exceeded  the  limits  of  the  first  report; 
the  vines,  corn,  and  hemp,  had  been  destroyed  to 
an  extent  of  two  millions  of  francs  damage.  We 
were  obliged  to  make  a  detour,  that  led  us  for 
about  five  miles  over  a  new  road,  which  would 
have  driven  Macadam  mad.     Stones  were  left  as 


GATTINARA A  COQUETTE.  59 

large  as  quartern  loaves,  and  between  them  we 
sometimes  sunk  almost  axle-deep  in  clay,  in  which 
the  stones  were  imbedded.  At  St.  Giacomo,  how- 
ever, we  entered  the  high  road  from  Vercelli  to 
Gattinara,  which  is  generally  excellent.  Here  we 
were  delighted  with  a  fine  view  of  Monte  Rosa, 
towering  over  the  lower  line  of  the  Alps;  and  on 
the  left  we  distinguished  the  peak  of  our  enemy 
the  Cervin,  which  had  refused  us  a  passage  at 
its  feet. 

Every  town  and  village  from  Ivrea  had,  in  the 
occupation  of  the  inhabitants,  shewn  the  propriety 
of  the  name  of  the  district,  Canavois :  the  whole 
population  was  engaged  in  stripping  and  otherwise 
preparing  hemp.  Whether  walking  or  sitting, 
alone  or  in  groups  in  the  street  before  their 
houses,  all  were  thus  occupied.  It  appeared  to  be 
as  much  the  amusement  as  the  business  of  every 
one,  from  childhood  to  old  age.  After  passing 
through  Maserana,  we  stopped  to  take  refreshment 
at  Gattinara,  where  we  were  struck  with  a  change 
in  the  costume  of  the  women  :  the  hair  was  dressed 
with  radiating  pins,  as  among  the  Comasques;  and 
many  of  the  women  were  beautiful,  at  least  they 
appeared  to  us  to  be  so,  after  the  dirt  and  deformity 
with  which  we  had  lately  been  acquainted  in  the 
Val  d'Aosta  ;  but  about  one  there  could  be  no 
mistake.  Opposite  to  the  inn  where  we  stopped 
at  Gattinara,  the  Albergo  del  Falcone,  we  observed 


60 


EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


a  remarkably  beautiful  young  woman,  dressed, 
not  en  hourgeoise,  like  her  neighbours,  but  a  la 
mode  Fran^aise.  She  coquetted  at  the  door  of 
her  own  house  ;  mounted  to  her  chamber,  which 
we  overlooked ;  went  to  her  toilet,  then  walked 
out,  returned,  and  sat  employing  herself  at  the 
door,  to  receive  the  admiration  of  two  painters, 
a  soldiei",  and  three  priests ;  but  as  we  knew  of 
no  other  gazers  than  ourselves,  we  had  vainly 
thought  that  this  exhibition  was  got  up  for  the 
line  arts,  and  were  not  aware  that  the  army 
and  the  church  were  participators.  She  had, 
however,  observed  us  all  at  the  windows  of  the 
difl'erent  chambers  of  the  inn.  At  len2:th  we  heard 
some  keen  rogues  tittering  in  the  next  room,  and 
popping  suddenly  upon  them  (for  our  way  out  lay 
through  their  chamber),  we  caught  the  priests 
gazing  on  the  forbidden  fruit  with  very  different 
feelings  from  those  of  St.  Anthonv. 

Soon  after  leaving  Gattinara,  Ave  crossed  the 
Sesia  by  a  horse- ferry,  and,  passing  through  the 
town  of  Romagnana,  turned  up  the  Val  Sesia, 
driving  through  a  beautiful  valley,  where  the  hills 
were  richly  wooded  to  their  summits.  Castles, 
churches,  and  oratories,  relieved  the  masses  of 
foliage.  But  the  pleasure  which  these  scenes  gave 
us  was  soon  destroyed  by  an  unfavourable  change 
of  weather.  Before  we  reached  Borgo  Sesia,  the 
clouds  descended  and  concealed   the   hills ;   rain 


VARALLO SACRO   MONTE,  61 

soon  followed  ;  and  the  remainder  of  our  journey 
to  Varallo,  and  its  celebrated  Sacro  Monte,  ex- 
posed us  to  an  ablution  which  we  did  not  consider 
at  all  necessary  to  the  feelings  with  which  we 
visited  La  JVuova  Gerusalemme  nel  Sacro  Monte 
di  Varallo,  as  the  guide-bo'ok  calls  this  singular 
place  of  pilgrimage.  We  got  into  good  quarters 
at  the  Gran  Falcone ;  and  to-morrow  we  shall  add 
to  the  number  of  visitors,  but  not  of  devotees. 

^bth. — We  ascended  to  the  new  Jerusalem. 
The  view  of  Varallo  and  the  Val  Sesia  was  very 
fine  from  many  points,  particularly  from  the  turret 
that  overlooked  the  valley  by  which  w^e  reached 
the  town  yesterday  :  but  nature,  here,  was  less  in- 
teresting than  the  art  of  this  extraordinary  place. 
On  attaining  the  summit,  we  passed  a  chapel  and 
crucifix,  the  ex  veto  of  a  pious  German  sergeant- 
major,  as  the  inscription  announces.  A  guide  was 
necessary,  and  twenty  were  ready  to  offer  their 
services,  to  point  out  all  the  chapels  in  the  order 
of  their  numbers.  The  spot  of  ground  which  they 
occupy  is  small ;  but,  from  its  varied  surface,  and 
their  singular  labyrinth-like  arrangement,  it  seemed 
to  be  very  extensive. 

This  remarkable  place  has  nearly  fifty  chapels 
upon  it,  besides  the  church,  fountains,  &c.  These 
chapels  have  groups  of  figures  modelled  in  terra 
cotta,  painted  end  clothed,  and  so  placed  and 
composed  on  the  floors  of  the  chapels,  that  they 


62  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

represent  some  of  the  principal  events  in  the  life  of 
Christ.  The  chapels — they  ought  rather,  perhaps, 
to  be  called  oratories — are  never  entered  :  they  are 
merely  frames,  or  cases,  for  the  subjects  grouped 
within  them,  which,  seen  from  two  or  three  holes 
in  front,  like  raree-shows,  excite  the  devotion  of  the 
faithful,  and  the  disgust,  except  in  a  few  instances 
where  they  exhibit  skill  as  works  of  art,  of  the 
merely  curious.  Externally,  these  chapels  are  rich 
in  the  architectural  display  of  facades,  porticoes, 
domes,  &:c. ;  the  figures  within  are  of  the  size  of  life. 
The  first  subject  is  the  fall  of  man :  Adam 
and  Eve  are  represented,  amidst  animals  of  all 
sorts  and  sizes,  from  the  elephant  to  the  rabbit. 
In  the  second  chapel,  the  series  which  refer  to 
Christ  commences  with  the  Annunciation.  One 
of  the  large  compositions,  representing  the  Murder 
of  the  Innocents,  contains  above  sixty  figures,  the 
size  of  life,  besides  the  painted  groups  on  the  walls, 
so  arranged  as  to  assist  the  comjiosition.  All  the 
walls  are  thus  painted,  and  many  of  them  are 
masterly  productions,  not  unworthy  of  Pelegrini 
Tibaldi,  whose  name  is  found  in  the  list  of  those 
who  were  employed  upon  the  works  of  the  Sacro 
Monte  di  Varallo,  together  with  those  of  Gau- 
denzia  Ferrari,  Fiammingho,  and  other  artists  of 
eminence,  as  painters,  sculptors,  and  architects. 
The  Transfiguration  is  represented  upon  an  enor- 
mous scale.    The  group  in  the  foreground  is  with 


SACRO  MONTE.  63 

the  demoniac  boy ;  on  the  mountain,  an  immense 
modelled  mass,  were  the  three  disciples ;  above 
them,  Christ,  with  Moses  and  Elias;  over  these, 
painted  on  the  walls  and  ceiling  of  the  dome,  were 
the  host  of  heaven;  and,  above  all,  the  Almighty. 
This  subject  occupied  the  highest  and  largest  of  the 
chapels,  and  the  height  of  the  whole  composition, 
modelled  and  painted,  was  nearly  a  hundred  feet. 

Much  effect  is  produced  by  the  appropriate 
situation  of  some  of  the  subjects.  The  access  to 
Christ  laid  in  the  sepulchre  was  by  a  vault  where 
little  light  was  admitted ;  and  as  it  was  difficult, 
on  entering  from  the  open  light,  to  distinguish  any 
object  at  first,  the  effect  was  very  imposing.  As 
well  as  real  drapeiy,  many  of  the  figures  have 
real  hair,  which  appears  very  grotesque  ;  some, 
however,  are  finely  modelled  in  character  and 
expression.  I  was  particularly  struck  with  the 
head  of  a  female  in  the  Visitation.  The  execu- 
tioners conducting  to  Calvary,  or  otherwise  em- 
ployed in  inflicting  suffering  on  Christ,  are,  to  in- 
crease their  disgusting  characters,  modelled  with 
goitres  appended  to  their  throats — a  proof  that  they 
are  not  considered  beauties  here.  No  offence  arose 
from  the  models  being  painted,  because,  as  the  sub- 
jects could  only  be  seen  from  the  peep-holes,  and 
not  in  passing  from  one  of  these  to  another,  as  much 
illusion  was  often  produced  as  by  a  picture. 

On   the   Scala   Santa  we    saw   some   devotees 


64  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

crawling  this  way  to  heaven,  encouraged  by  a  con- 
cession of  plenary  indulgence  granted  by  Pope 
Clement  XII.  to  all  who  would  climb  these  eight- 
and-twenty  marble  steps  on  their  knees,  say  on 
each  a  Pater,  Ave,  and  Gloria,  and  kiss  devoutly 
each  step.  A  marble  tablet  at  the  bottom  of  the 
stairs  records  the  duty  and  the  reward;  and  the 
faithful  are  informed  by  it,  that  these  stairs  are  in 
exact  imitation  of  the  Scala  Santa  at  Rome ! 

This  extraordinary  place  originated  in  the  piety 
of  the  blessed  V>QYnnx(\\noCdi\\no,  a  noble  Milanese, 
who  obtained  in  1486,  from  Pope  Innocent  VIII., 
a  faculty  to  found  this  sanctuary.  Only  three  or 
four  chapels  were  built  in  the  time  of  the  founder ; 
but  so  great  was  its  reputation  for  sanctity,  that 
princes  and  rich  devotees  contributed  to  its  accom- 
plishment to  the  extent  now  observed.  St.  Carlo 
Borromeo  twice  visited  it,  in  1578  and  1584;  and 
the  pallet  bedstead  on  which  this  patron  saint  of 
Milan  died  is  preserved  here  as  a  holy  relic  for 
the  adoration  of  the  faithful. 

The  church  is  handsome ;  and  the  cloisters 
where  the  priests  reside  are  iu  a  beautiful  situa- 
tion, commanding  a  view  ofVarallo  and  the  lower 
Va,l  Sesia.  Whilst  I  was  sketching  this  scene,  one 
of  the  priests  entered  into  conversation  ;  and  learn- 
ing from  me  that  we  were  going  to  Milan  by  the 
Lago  Maggiore,  he  said  there  was  a  miracle  worth 
our  visiting  at  Santa  Caterina  de  Sessa,   on  the 


VAL  SESIA ROMAGNANA.  65 

lake,  where  a  large  mass  of  rock  which  had  fallen 
from  the  hill  above  the  church,  and  which,  if  it 
had  continued  to  fall,  must  have  descended  upon 
an  image  of  the  Virgin  within  the  sacred  edifice, 
was  arrested  by  her  miraculous  power,  and  now 
remained,  like  the  tomb  of  Mahomet,  in  the  air 
over  the  church ;  and  he  added,  as  a  clincher,  that 
he  had  passed  his  stick  entirely  around  it  in  every 
direction!  As  I  did  not  belong  to  his  church,  I 
felt  myself  at  liberty  to  doubt  this.  On  the  hill 
the  priests  have  kindly  established  booths  or  shops 
for  the  sale  of  corone,  i.  e.  crucifixes.  Madonnas, 
beads,  &c.,  which  have  acquired  sanctity,  and  the 
power,  in  some  cases,  of  working  miracles,  by 
having  touched  the  bedstead  of  the  blessed  St. 
Carlo,  or  other  relics  possessed  by  the  fraternity 
of  the  Nuovo  Gerusalemme. 

But  the  body  is  provided  for  here  as  well  as 
the  soul,  and  there  are  two  booths  within  the 
precincts  for  the  sale  of  liqueurs,  where  we  saw 
some  of  the  devotees  preparing  for  the  plenary 
indulgence  at  the  Scala  Santa,  by  plenary  in- 
dulgence in  brandy. 

At  Varallo,  the  bridge  over  the  Sesia,  a  single 
arch  of  great  span  and  height,  and  very  narrow, 
is  an  exceedingly  picturesque  object,  particularly 
when  combined  with  the  old  houses  which  over- 
hang the  torrent,  and  the  hill  above,  crowned  with 
the  chapels. 


66  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

We  returned  to  Romagnana,  where,  whilst  our 
horse  was  refreshing,  we  took  some  wine,  heing 
invited  to  do  so,  in  very  bad  English,  by  the  land- 
lord, who  swore  that  it  was  of  the  vintage  of  1816, 
and  availed  himself  of  this  opportunity  to  astonish 
his  townsmen  with  his  accomplishments  in  the 
lingua  Inglese,  which  he  had  learnt  in  America : 
he  had  learnt,  too,  somewhere,  to  charge  us  four 
times  as  much  as  he  ought  to  have  done,  or  would 
have  charged  a  Piemontese. 

The  sun  set  soon  after  leaving  Rom.agnana,  and 
we  were  wrapt  for  some  time  in  the  splendour  and 
beauty  of  the  scene.  Monte  Rosa  shone  as  bright 
as  if  lit  up  by  the  red  flame  from  nitrate  of  stron- 
tian ;  and  the  plains,  upon  which  a  mist  began  to 
rise,  presented  the  appearance  of  a  vast  sea,  bright- 
ened by  the  glories  of  the  setting  sun.  It  was 
late  before  we  arrived  at  Borg-omaniera,  where  a 
crowded  inn,  during  the  fair,  for  a  long  time  pre- 
vented sleep  :  Avhich  was  foi'bidden  by  the  twang- 
ing of  guitars,  the  noisy  game  of  morra,  and  the 
roaring  songs  of  drunken  peasantry. 

2Qth.  — We  were  roused  at  half-past  four  by  the 
drums  of  some  Piemontese  soldiers ;  and  having 
soon  after  found  two  boatmen  of  the  lake  of  Orta, 
we  agreed  with  them,  for  twelve  francs  Milanese, 
to  take  our  party,  horse  and  gig,  from  Buccione 
to  Omegna,  the  entire  length  of  the  lake,  to  be  at 
our  service  for  the  day,  and  to  put  on  shore  or 


LAGO  d'orta.  67 

stop  wherever  we  pleased.  Whilst  we  breakfasted, 
the  barcaroli  (boatmen)  proceeded  to  Buccione,  a 
distance  of  three  or  four  miles,  to  get  the  boats 
ready.  We  drove  through  the  village  of  Gozzano, 
and  enjoyed  fine  views  of  Monte  Rosa  and  of  the 
great  chain,  which,  bounding  the  scenes  in  that  di- 
rection, increased  the  beauty  of  the  country  through 
which  we  travelled.  The  first  view  o  the  lake 
of  Orta,  on  descending  to  Buccione,  is  one  of  the 
most  enchanting  views  that  I  have  ever  seen ;  its 
tranquil  waters  are  deeply  embosomed  amidst  lofty 
mountains;  and  beyond  these  are  the  eternal  snows 
of  Monte  Rosa  and  otljer  parts  of  the  great  chain 
of  the  Alps  ;  whilst  the  richness  of  the  forests  and 
vegetation  immediately  surrounding  the  lake  give 
to  the  scene  a  depth  and  character  peculiar  to  its 
situation.  A  striking  feature  in  the  view,  and  one 
that  greatly  adds  to  its  interest  and  its  beauty,  is 
the  Isola  Giulio,  a  little  island  in  the  midst  of  the 
lake,  where  a  convent,  a  church,  houses  and  gar- 
dens, crowd  the  rock,  which  they  cover,  and  their 
white  walls  sparkle  upon  the  deeply-coloured  lake. 
Nearly  opposite  to  the  island  is  the  promontory 
of  Monte  Giulio,  crowned  by  a  Franciscan  con- 
vent. We  descended  to  the  neat  village  of  Buc- 
cione, at  the  head  t)f  the  lake,  where  there  is  a 
good  inn.  Our  rude  boats  were  ready.  In  one 
we  sent  the  horse  and  volantin,  and  embarked  in 
the  other  ourselves.  We  rowed  to  the  base  of  the 
sanctuary  of  St.  Francis,  situated  on  the  promon- 


68  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

tory.  Tliis  also  is  a  sacra  monte,  like  that  of  Va- 
rallo,  where  we  found  nineteen  chapels,  containing 
groups  in  terra  cotta  illustrative  of  the  life  of  St. 
Francis  of  Assise.  Tlie  ascent  to  it  is  beautiful : 
the  ground  on  the  promontory  is  delightfully  laid 
out,  and  the  views  from  it  are  of  singular  beauty. 
The  shores  are  so  profusely  enriched  by  vines 
and  trees  and  flowers,  that  the  whole  appears 
like  a  beautiful  garden,  whence  probably  its  name, 
Lago  d'Orta  :  it  was  anciently  known  as  the  Lacus 
Cusius.  We  visited  the  Isola  Giulio :  the  church 
upon  it  is  of  high  antiquity,  and  is  not  without  its 
tales  of  romance.  San  Giulio,  who  lived  in  the 
fourth  century,  and  whose  ashes  are  preserved  in 
a  subterranean  vault,  you  ought  to  believe,  de- 
stroyed a  monstrous  serpent  which  infested  the 
island ;  one  of  its  vertebrae  (rather  that  of  a  whale, 
which  answers  the  purpose  quite  as  well,)  is  shewn 
to  the  faithful,  who  dare  not  doubt  it.  How  these 
tales  of  the  infancy  of  man  and  of  society  are  pass- 
ing and  have  passed  away  !  Some  have  regretted 
that  truth  should  thus  prevail,  and  destroy  the 
pleasure  which  they  think  attaches  to  credulous 
obedience.    Thus  poor  Keats  has  beautifully  said  : 

"  Do  not  all  charms  fly 
At  the  mere  touch  of  cold  pliilosophy  ? 
There  was  an  awful  rainbow  once  in  heaven  : 
We  know  her  woof,  her  texture  ;  she  is  given 
In  the  dull  catalogue  of  common  things;  — 
Philosophy  will  clip  an  angel's  wings." 


ISOLA  GIULIO.  69 

But  there  is  a  tale  of  interest  about  this  island 
which  happens  to  be  true.   Here  Guilla,  the  wife  of 
Barenger,  the  second  king  of  the  Lombards,  took 
refuge,    and    resolutely    defended    herself  against 
Otho,   the   first  emperor   of  Germany,  who  had 
invaded  Italy  and  deposed  her  husband.    As  early 
as  the  year  590,  this  island  gave  title  to  a  duke- 
dom ;     for   Minulfo,    then    duke    of  San   Giulio, 
was  beheaded  by  Astolpho,  king    of  Lombardy, 
for    having  favoured  the    descent    of  the   Franks 
into  Italy  by  the  pass  of  the  St.  Gothard.     The 
island  appears  to  possess  great  strength.      After 
our  visits  to  the  sanctuary  and  the  Isola  Giulio, 
we  put  in  at  the  little  town  of  Orta,  where  we 
were  well  and  obligingly  served   at   a  good  inn, 
and  at  not  one  half  of  what  the  cost  of  enter- 
tainment would  have  been  at   Baveno,  a  village 
situated  on  the  shores  of  the  Lago  Maggiore,  now 
only  a  few  hours  distant  from  us,  but  on  the  high 
road  to  Milan  from  the  Simplon.     We  were  told 
that  a  pedestrian  excursion  to  Baveno  might  be 
made    across    the    mountain   which    divides    the 
Lago  d'Orta  from  the  Lago  Maggiore,  and  that 
on    its    summit    splendid   views  are   presented   of 
the  numerous   and   beautiful  lakes  its  panorama 
displays,  and  of  the  vast  chain  of  the  Alps  seen 
from  this  elevation.     A  road  also  leads  across  the 
mountains,  on  the  other  side  of  the  lake  of  Orta, 
to  Varallo.     These  sources  of  enjoyment  in  short 


70  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

excursions,  the  moderate  charges  and  excellent 
aeconiniodation,  at  Orta,  as  head-quarters,  induced 
me  to  think  that  I  had  never  seen  any  spot  so 
truly  enjoyable.  Yet  this  beautiful  lake,  not  three 
hours  out  of  the  high  road  of  the  Simp] on,  is 
almost  unknown ;  and  I  was  led  to  it  simply  by 
observing  an  indication  in  the  map  of  a  lake 
about  ten  miles  long  in  the  immediate  vicinity 
of  the  Alps,  and  conjectured  that  it  must  be 
beautiful  ;  we  found  it  infinitely  to  exceed  our 
expectations.  Excursions,  and  the  chase  in  the 
mountains,  bathing,  boating,  and  fishing  on  the 
lake,  and  its  being  within  a  day's  journey  of 
Milan,  of  Turin,  ofComo,  of  Bellinzona,  of  Monte 
Rosa,  and  of  the  summit  of  the  Simplon,  make  it, 
as  a  central  station  for  a  summer's  residence,  one 
of  the  most  desirable  spots  on  earth. 

From  Orta,  in  about  an  hour,  we  landed  at 
Omegna,  a  little  town  at  the  lower  end  of  the 
lake;  here  we  discharged  our  boatmen,  wdio,  as 
we  had  not  written  our  agreement  at  Borgoma- 
niera,  swore  that  we  had  bargained  for  twelve 
French  instead  of  Milanese  francs,  a  difference 
of  about  one  fourth.  This  they  would  have  gotten 
from  us  willingly  for  their  services,  but  reluctantly 
obtained  it  from  us  by  their  roguery.  The  rascals 
grinned  at  their  triumph,  and  asked  for  wine,  to 
drink  our  healths,  which  they  did  not  get ;  how- 
ever, their  success  in  cheating  us  put  them  in  such 


LAGO  MAGGIORE ISOLA  BELLA.  71 

good  humour,  that  we  were  followed  by  shouts  of 
^'  Buona  viaggia,  Signori!" 

Our  route  lay  through  the  valley  of  the  Nego- 
glia,  by  which  the  waters  of  the  lake  of  Orta  flow 
into  the  Lago  Maggiore.  The  ride  is  beautiful, 
and  over  an  excellent  road  into  the  great  route 
of  the  Simplon,  which  it  joins  near  Gravellona  : 
thence  to  Baveno,  on  the  shores  of  the  Lago  Mag- 
giore, is  about  two  miles.  The  first  appearance 
of  this  lake  to  travellers  from  the  Simplon  is  very 
charming. 

27^/i. — Visited  the  Isola  Bella.  I  had  intended 
to  ascend  towards  the  Monte  Rosa  by  the  Val 
Anzasca,  but  clouds  were  beginning  to  form  around 
the  summits  of  the  mountains,  and  the  appear- 
ance discouraged  me.  On  the  lake,  however,  the 
weather  was  still  fine.  The  beautiful  forms  of  the 
mountains  which  surround  this  part  of.  the  Lago 
Maggiore  surpass,  perhaps,  those  of  any  other  of 
the  northern  lakes  of  Italy  ;  at  least  they  are  better 
seen,  for  they  are  not  too  distant,  and  the  eye 
commands  them  fi'om  the  boi'ders  of  the  lake 
to  their  summits.  The  islands  also  are  lovely, 
with  the  exception  of  the  Isola  Bella,  which  has 
been  spoiled  by  gimcracks  that  have  exhausted 
the  lantjuage  of  admiration  of  the  French  and 
Italian  eulogists,  whilst  to  us  they  appeared  to  be 
in  execrably  bad  taste.  The  terraces  have  been 
raised  to  the  form  of  a  pyramid,  and   decorated 


72  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

at  the  angles  with  obelisks  surmounted  with 
flourishing  tin  ornaments  ;  and  the  trees  have  been 
trimmed  so  as  to  have  become  worthy  of  such 
company.  This  trash  destroys  half  the  pleasure 
which  is  derived  from  the  beauty  of  the  scenes 
around  the  shores  of  the  lake,  as  they  are  presented 
to  the  observer  from  the  Isola  Bella.  Whilst  my 
friend  visited  the  other  islands  to  sketch,  I  bathed  ; 
and  afterwards  returned  to  the  shore,  and  wandered 
about  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Baveno  till  his 
return  :  we  met  again  in  the  evening.  He  had 
been,  he  said,  enchanted  by  the  singing  of  some 
peasants  ;  and  whilst  he  was  yet  describing  it,  we 
heard  in  the  distance  what  he  recognised  to  be 
the  same  sort  of  music.  We  leaned  out  of  the 
windows  of  our  room  to  listen  :  the  sun  had  set 
beautifully,  and  darkness  rapidly  succeeded ;  for 
in  Italy,  and  at  this  season,  twilight  is  of  very 
short  duration.  The  sounds  came  over  the  lake, 
and  from  its  borders,  of  voices  evident!  v  increasing 
in  number  and  distinctness  as  they  approached 
us ;  and  we  soon  found  that  our  minstrels,  a 
considerable  number  of  young  villagers,  were 
assembling  beneath  the  windows  of  our  inn.  Our 
landlord  supplied  each  with  a  bundle  of  hemp  for 
them  to  strip  :  they  formed  a  large  circle,  and 
threw  the  stalks  of  the  hemp  into  the  centre,  where 
it  was  soon  set  on  fire ;  and  the  supply  of  the 
strippers    kept    up    a   cheerful    blaze    for    several 


BAVENO.  73 

hours.  During  this  time,  and  amidst  the  fun  and 
mirth  and  peals  of  laughter  of  this  village  crowd, 
a  leader  gave  an  occasional  signal,  which  produced 
perfect  silence,  when  some  one  began  one  of  those 
beautiful  airs  which  had  so  much  deliohted  us  at 
a  distance.  The  whole  party  joined  in  harmony, 
and  never  have  I  been  impressed  in  the  same  way 
by  music.  The  airs  which  they  sung  were  various, 
and  the  intervals  of  noisy  mirth  increased  their 
sweetness.  I  recorded  some  of  the  music,  but  it 
requires  the  situation,  the  hour,  and  the  circum- 
stance, to  convey  to  another  the  pleasure  which 
these  airs  associate  with  our  remembrance  of  this 
evening. 


E 


74  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


CHAPTER  V. 

Shores  of  the  Lago  Maggiore — Statue  of  St.  Carlo  Borromeo — 
Sesto  Caleiide  —  Strada  Sempione  — Milan  —  La  Scala  — 
Corso — Carbonari — Milanese  Justice — Leonardo  da  Vinci's 
Last  Supper  —  Modern  Art  at  Milan  —  Frontiers  of  the  Mi- 
lanese— Vercelli — Turin — The  Superga. 

August  2Stk. — We  left  Baveno  this  morning  at 
half-past  four.  At  Belgirate,  we  had  the  first  peep 
of  the  rock  which  overhangs  Arona.  The  scenes 
along  these  shores  are  beautiful,  and  the  construc- 
tion of  the  Strada  Sempione  is  admirable.  The 
attention  is  constantly  diverted  from  art  to  nature, 
and  from  nature  to  art.  It  is  not  in  civil  engineer- 
ing only  that  the  latter  arrests  attention.  The 
colossal  statue,  in  bronze,  of  Santo  Carlo  Borromeo 
is  seen  before  arriving  at  Arona,  on  the  right  of 
the  road,  and  we  decided  upon  visiting  it  before 
we  entered  the  town.  A  path  leads,  in  twenty 
minutes,  up  to  the  hill,  upon  which  the  statue  is 
placed,  whence  there  are  beautiful  views  of  the 
lake.  The  height  of  the  statue  and  pedestal  is 
one  hundred  and  twelve  feet,  of  which  the  former 
is  seventy-two  feet.  Though  it  is  highly  finished, 
there  is  a  character  of  breadth  and  execution  about 
it   which    makes    its    grandeur   very    impressive. 


STATUE  OF  ST.  CARLO  BORROMEO.  75- 

Fi'om  the  strong  resemblance  which  it  bears  to  all 
other  memorials  of  S*°-  Carlo,  we  may  conclude 
that  the  likeness  is  excellent.  The  expression  is 
beautiful,  and  the  action  that  of  benediction  in  the 
Catholic  church  :  in  his  left  hand  he  holds  a  bre- 
viary ;  the  right  is  extended  ;  the  head  is  gently 
bent  forward,  as  if  looking  down.  The  head  and 
hands  are  cast  from  models  made  by  Cerano  ;  they 
are  admirably  executed:  the  mildness,  dignity,  and 
benevolence  of  the  countenance  exceed  all  praise. 
The  drapery  is  composed  of  sheets  of  metal,  so 
ingeniously  arranged,  that  the  edges  are  concealed 
in  the  folds,  and  the  whole  has  the  appearance  of 
a  single  cast.  These  metal  sheets  are  supported 
within  by  a  mass  of  masonry  built  upon  the 
pedestal.  A  passage  has  been  left  in  it,  by  which 
those  who  like  to  boast  of  the  adventure  may 
attain  the  head  of  the  figure.  We  were  told,  but 
we  did  not  prove  it,  that  a  man  sitting  within  the 
nose  could  not  reach  the  inside  top  of  the  head. 
The  English  have  a  queer  sort  of  celebrity  on  the 
continent  for  odd  exploits.  Two  of  our  country- 
men attempted  to  sustain  this  reputation  by  un- 
dertaking to  breakfast  within  the  book  held  by  the 
saint ;  but  the  sun's  rays  darting  upon  the  cover 
made  it  so  insufferably  hot,  that  it  expelled  these 
hook-worms  before  they  had  half  gratified  their 
appetites.  The  appearance  of  the  figure  from 
without  is  very  impressive  :  its  vastness,  compared 


76  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

"vvith  the  surrounding  objects,  gives  to  it,  in  the 
scene  in  which  it  is  placed,  the  appearance  of 
Gulliver  in  Lilliput. 

On  entering  Arona,  we  passed  beneath  a  rock, 
which,  rising  several  hundred  feet  above  the  road, 
actually  overhangs  it.  A  few  miles  below  Arona 
we  crossed  the  Ticino,  to  which  the  lake  ajrain 
diminishes  ;  and,  at  Sesto  Calende,  we  entered  the 
Austro- Lombard  frontier.  There  we  were  openly- 
asked  by  the  custom-house  officers  for  a  present, 
which  would  spare  them  the  pain  of  examining 
our  baggage  :  a  franc  was  gratefully  accepted, 
with  a  return  of  good  wishes  for  our  journey. 
We  rested  at  the  inn  whilst  our  passports  were 
being;  arranoed,  and  met  an  Enolishman  there 
who  had  left  Switzerland  without  having  provided 
himself  with  proper  passports  to  enter  the  Austrian 
states  of  Italy.  He  had  been  two  days  waiting  the 
return  of  a  messenger  from  Berne ;  in  the  mean 
time,  he  practised  himself  in  curses  upon  the  Aus- 
trian government :  a  large  share,  however,  of  his 
embarrassment  arose  from  his  own  folly,  in  not 
having  been  fully  prepared  for  his  journey.  As 
soon  as  our  passports  were  finished,  we  proceeded, 
through  Gallarate,  where  a  large  fair  was  being 
held,  to  Castellanza,  where  we  slept. 

29M.  —  Started  at  five,  and,  after  a  ride  of 
eighteen  miles,  we  arrived  in  Milan  at  nine  o'clock. 
Before  we  entered  the  city,  we  examined  the  state 


STRADA  SEMPIONE.  77 

of  the  ti'iumphal  ai'ch  at  the  termination  of  the 
great  route  of  the  Simplon,  the  completion  of 
which  it  was  intended  to  commemorate.  There 
is  no  probability  at  present  of  its  ever  being  com- 
pleted. We  were  told  that  orders  are  expected 
for  demolishing  what  is  done.  A  large  proportion 
of  the  work  was  ready  before  Napoleon's  reverses ; 
and  statues,  basso-relievos,  capitals,  &c.,  remain  in 
the  magazines  whicli  suri'ound  the  arch.  The 
architectural  sculpture  already  prepared  is  of  beau- 
tiful workmanship,  particularly  the  Corinthian 
capitals.  It  is  much  to  be  regretted  that  such  a 
work  was  not  completed  before  the  great  changes 
took  place  consequent  upon  the  battle  of  Waterloo, 
because  it  was  an  intended  memorial,  not  of  the 
"  murders  which  made  a  hero,"  but  of  a  vast  un- 
dertaking successfully  accomplished,  by  which 
society  has  been,  and  will  long  be,  benefited. 
The  Strada  Sempione,  however,  is  its  own  me- 
morial ;  and  it  cannot  be  passed  without  reflections 
upon  Napoleon,  in  which  his  injuries  are  forgotten 
while  contemplating  his  services  to  mankind.  In 
Milan,  we  took  up  our  quarters  at  the  Croce  di 
Make. 

We  went  in  the  evening  to  the  Scala,  where 
we  saw  Rosini's  opera  of  "  Torvaldo  e  Dorliska," 
and  the  ballet  of"  Sesostris," — which,  in  splendour 
and  costume,  was  the  most  magnificent  spectacle 
that  I  ever  saw.  Mr. ,  an  Englishman,  had  the 


78  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

management  of  the  Scala ;  my  friend's  acquaint- 
ance with  him  led  to  his  shewing  us  much  civility, 
and  to  our  receiving  some  curious  information 
upon  the  subject  of  his  appointment.  He  had, 
before  our  visit  to  the  theatre,  walked  with  us  in 
the  Corso,  and  made  us  observe  many  remark- 
able characters  in  this  crowded  but  delightful  pro- 
menade. A  house  was  pomted  out  to  us  from  the 
Corso, — it  was  the  state  prison  :  some  boys  in  it 
were  reading  at  a  window.  Above  thirty  of  the 
principal  families  are  confined  there  for  holding 
anti-Austrian  political  opinions  —  a  punishment 
not  limited  to  the  heads  of  those  families,  for  their 
wives,  too,  are  imprisoned  for  having  talked  poli- 
tics ;  and  that  their  sons  may  learn  passive  obe- 
dience and  non-resistance,  they  have  been  drawn 
from  the  colleges  of  Padua  and  elsewhere,  to 
finish  their  studies  in  a  prison ! 

They  boast  of  their  criminal  law  here,  and  con- 
trast it  with  the  English,  which,  they  say,  con- 
demns to  death  upon  circumstantial  evidence  only. 
The  following  horrible  affair,  which  has  just  oc- 
curred, will  shew  what  its  claim  is  to  superiority. 
A  young  widow,  with  some  property,  admitted  the 
addresses  of  a  fellow  named  Carlo  Deza  ;  its 
Milanese  consequence,  an  unreserved  intimacy, 
followed.  After  a  short  time,  the  villain  agreed, 
with  two  others,  to  murder  her,  and  possess  them- 
selves of  her  property.      Her  fondness  facilitated 


MILANESE  JUSTICE.  79 

their  plan.  It  was  agreed  that  Deza,  at  a  moment 
the  least  of  all  in  which  to  expect  treachery,  should 
give  a  signal  to  the  other  two, — they  rushed  into 
her  chamber,  and  her  head  was  held  whilst  one  of 
them  cut  it  off.  The  murder  and  robbery  were 
soon  discovered  :  one  of  the  villains  confessed,  and 
was  executed,  —  his  evidence  was  not  received 
against  the  other  two,  who  denied  all  participation 
in  the  murder.  The  bloody  handkerchief  of  one, 
with  which  her  mouth  was  stopped,  was  found  in 
her  chamber — this  was  offered  in  evidence.  The 
wretch  owned  that  he  had  lost  such  a  handkerchief. 
The  poor  victim,  in  her  agony,  had  grasped  her 
villanous  seducer  and  murderer  so  firmly,  that 
she  detached  a  button  from  his  dress,  and  it  was 
found  in  her  clenched  fist  :  even  this  was  not 
admitted  as  evidence  affecting  the  lives  of  the 
prisoners  in  this  court,  where  a  witness  to  the 
actual  murder,  or  the  confession  of  the  criminal, 
are  essential  to  condemnation.  After  having  been 
acquitted  here,  they  were  tried  again  in  a  lower 
court,  which  takes  cognisance  of  circumstantial 
evidence,  where  they  were  found  guilty,  and  con- 
demned to  twenty  years  of  imprisonment  and  hard 
labour. 

Went  to  the  Grazie  to  see  the  Last  Supper,  by 
Leonardo  da  Vinci.  It  is  only  three  years  since  I 
saw  it,  and  its  rapid  progress  towards  decay  is  ob- 
vious, even  in  this  short  interval.     In  1821  I  drew 


80  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

four  of  the  heads,  and  they  were  not  then  so  much 
decayed  but  that  the  character  and  expression 
might  yet  be  studied ;  now,  the  beautiful  head  of  St. 
John  is  so  obliterated,  that  the  situation  of  the  fea- 
tures can  scarcely  be  distinguished.  The  St.  Peter 
has  greatly  suffered  ;  and  the  fine  head  of  Christ  is 
the  only  one  in  this  picture  in  which  the  triumph 
of  art,  and  the  prodigious  powers  of  the  painter, 
are  still  evident.  In  this  work,  which  has  given 
an  immortal  reputation  to  Leonardo,  it  is  to  be 
regretted  that  even  now,  lost  as  it  almost  is,  some 
copy  is  not  made  of  it,  which  might  at  least  pre- 
serve what  does  remain.  Morghen's  print  has  not 
a  head  in  it  like  the  original ;  nor  is  there  a  copy 
in  existence  which  preserves  more  of  this  sublime 
work  than  its  composition  :  the  best  that  I  have 
seen  is  in  the  Royal  Academy,  at  Somerset  House  ; 
but  not  a  head  in  that  bears  a  true  resemblance  to  I 

what  even  still  remains  of  character  and  expres-  I 

sion  in  this  grand  work ;  for  the  head  of  Christ 
is  a  modification  of  the  head  of  Jupiter,  and  all 
the  others  are  severe,  almost  to  caricature,  —  this 
is  not  the  case  in  Leonardo's  work.  The  head 
of  Christ  infinitely  surpasses  every  other  attempt 
that  I  have  seen  to  poi'tray  his  character.  The 
late  venerable  president  of  the  Royal  Academy,  Mr. 
West,  once  remarked  to  me,  that  the  expression  of 
Christ  should  be  "  meekness  without  meanness, 
and  dignity  without   ostentation;" — the   head   of 


DA  VINCl's  LAST  SUPPER.  81 

the  Saviour  in  Leonardo's  Last  Supper  has  not 
onl}^  realised  this,  but  gone  far  beyond  what  any 
imagination  can  conceive,  unassisted  by  a  sight 
of  this  production  of  da  Vinci's  ;  for  to  these  he 
has  added  the  expresssion  which  had  arisen  out 
of  the  circumstances  of  Christ's  situation  —  his 
known  impending  fate  ;  his  affection  towards 
John,  and  those  he  was  about  to  leave  to  persecu- 
tion ;  his  regret  that  one  should  be  found  to 
betray  him  :  if  all  this  does  not  actually  exist 
in  the  picture,  it  gives  rise  to  all  these  associa- 
tions. The  hundred-times-repeated  falsehood  about 
the  state  of  this  head,  which  Leonardo  is  said  to 
have  left  unfinished  in  desjiair,  is  obvious  even  to 
a  common  observer  ,•  and  the  cant  of  criticism 
which  undertook  to  explain  it,  is  instantly  contra- 
dicted by  the  sight  of  this  wonderful  work.  The 
head  of  Christ  is  the  most  studied,  finished,  and 
effective,  in  the  picture. 

When  I  was  here  in  1821,  a  wretched  quack 
in  art  had  undertaken  to  restore  this  celebrated 
work.  After  having  daubed  over  the  left  hand 
of  Christ  (his  own  ought  to  have  shrunk  up  in  the 
attempt),  and  repainted  part  of  the  table  and 
things  upon  it,  he  had  so  evidently  betrayed  his 
presumption  and  his  ignorance,  that  pubHc  spirit 
enough  was  found,  even  in  Milan,  to  appeal  to 
the  authorities,  and  stop  his  sacrilegious  proceed- 
ings, which  would  liave  gone  far  with  the  next 

E  2 


82 


EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


generation  in  })lasting  the  reputation  of  Leonardo 
<la  Vinci,  by  substituting-  the  vile  daubing  of  this 
German  pretender  (for  he  was  a  German)  in  the 
l^lace  of  a  work  that  ought  to  be  sacred  to  all  but 
Time,  the  mastery  of  whose  withering  hand  alone 
is  rapidly  destroying  all  that  he  here  can  of  the 
fame  of  Leonardo  da  Vinci. 

Went  ao-ain  in  the  evenino;  to  the  Scala  :  a 
repetition  of  the  same  ballet,  "  Sesostris,"  which 
lost  little  by  losing  novelty. 

^\st. — Endeavoured  to  get  access  to  the  gallery 
of  the  Brera ;  but  it  was  uncourteously  closed  upon 
strangers.  We,  however,  entei'ed  the  Academy, 
where  they  were  arranging  the  modern  works  of 
art  for  exhibition.  Amongst  them,  the  finest — and 
it  is  a  work  of  extraordinary  merit — is  a  picure  by 
the  professor  F.  Hayez,  a  young  man  of  thirty. 
The  subject  is  Count  Garbaniola,  a  Venetian  noble, 
led  out  to  execution,  and  parting  with  his  wife  and 
daughters  in  the  court  of  the  prison.  TI:e  excel- 
lence of  this  picture  left  all  others  in  the  exhibition 
at  an  immeasurable  distance.  The  portraits  from 
the  easels  of  the  first  Milanese  painters  would 
not  have  been  received  for  exhibition  in  England ; 
and  the  landscapes  sink  below  any  comparison  in 
art.  But  the  most  offensive  thing  which  we  saw 
was  a  copy  of  the  Last  Supper  of  Da  Vinci,  —  so 
villanously  performed,  that  a  sign-painter,  to  pre- 
serve his  character  and  credit,  nmst  have  disowned 


ROUTE  TO  TURIN.  83 

it.  It  hangs  in  the  Academy  here,  a  reproach  to 
those  who  permit  it,  as  long  as  an  atom  of  the  ori- 
ginal remains  upon  the  walls  of  the  refectory  of 
the  Grazie.  Not  even  a  distant  resemblance  is  pre- 
served to  any  of  the  heads  ;  and  in  brightness  of 
colour  and  smoothness  of  execution,  it  challenges 
rivalry  with  a  Birmingham  tea-tray. 

The  population  of  Milan  appears  to  be  made 
up  of  beauty  and  deformity.  More  fine  women 
are  seen  here  than  any  where  else,  except  London  ; 
and  more  cases  of  decrepitude  and  deformity  meet 
the  eye  than  in  any  other  place  that  I  ever  visited. 
Perhaps  the  contrast  makes  each  more  striking. 

September  \st.  — We  succeeded  yesterday  in 
getting  our  passports  arranged,  and  at  ten  o'clock 
we  set  out  for  Turin  ;  but  our  late  departure,  and 
the  delays  on  the  Austrian  frontiers  at  Buftalora, 
prevented  our  going  beyond  Novara.  On  the  fron- 
tiers of  Sardinia  we  were  surprised  at  meeting  two 
gentlemen,  who  appeared  to  officiate  there.  After 
examining  our  passports,  and  perceiving  that  we 
were  artists,  they  prevented  the  search  of  our  bag- 
gage, and  prohibited  a  fee  to  the  disappointed  pre- 
poses  who  surrounded  us.  These  gentlemen  were 
obliging  and  communicative.  They  gave  us  some 
useful  information,  and  left  us  impressed  with  the 
conviction  that  all  douaniers  are  not  scamps ; 
though  we  were  before  this  too  readily  disposed  to 
believe  so,  after  our  treatment  at  Val  Tournanche. 


84  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

2d.  — We  proceeded  to  Vercelli :  the  road  is 
flat,  and  to  a  painter  "unprofitable;"  the  views 
were  limited  to  the  hedges  right  and  left,  and  to 
a  straight  line  before  us.  We  passed  through 
rice  plantations  of  great  extent;  and  when  the 
rain  set  in,  which  accompanied  us  to  Assione,  it 
was  scarcely  unwelcome.  It  compelled  us,  how- 
ever, at  last  to  stop  there,  instead  of  sleeping  at 
Chivasse,  as  we  had  intended.  A  good  fire,  a 
dinner,  in  which  quails  were  a  principal  dish,  and 
excellent  clean  beds,  reconciled  us  to  an  other- 
wise poor  inn,  in  an  obscure  village. 

3f/. — We  started  at  five.  The  rain  had  ceased 
when  we  set  out ;  but  as  if  it  had  been  waitino-  for 
us,  and  reserving  its  resources  for  our  welcome  on 
the  road,  in  about  an  hour  it  poured  down  in 
toi'rents,  from  which  we  were  glad  to  shelter  our- 
selves, and  get  breakfast  by  the  road-side,  at  an 
inn  with  the  favourite  sign  in  Piemont  of  the  Three 
Kings.  We  soon  grew  impatient  of  the  restraints 
of  the  weather,  and  bidding  it  defiance,  set  out 
to  perform  the  ten  miles  which  remained  of  ovir 
journey  to  Turin.  Just  as  we  arrived  at  the  capital 
the  rain  ceased ;  and  in  the  hope  that  this  storm  in 
the  plains  was  a  promise  of  fine  weather  in  the 
mountains,  we  really  congratidated  ourselves  upon 
its  attacking  us  where  it  spoilt  no  prospect. 

Ath. — We  have  found  little  in  Turin  to  interest 
us.     This  arises,  perhaps,  from  our  impatience  to 


VIEW  FROM  THE  SUPERGA.  85 

get  again  into  the  mountains,  which  are  now  seen 
surrounding  Turin  in  its  beautiful  locality,  and  in- 
vite us  to  enjoy  the  life  and  spirits  which  their 
atmosphere  never  fails  to  inspire.  Whilst  we  were 
detained  for  the  necessary  examination  of  our  pass- 
ports, we  visited  the  church  of  the  Superga,  which 
we  reached  after  a  rather  fatiguing  walk  of  two 
hours  and  a  half.  From  its  portico  the  scene  is 
magnificent.  Turin  lay  at  our  feet,  in  the  midst 
of  a  fertile  plain,  watered  by  the  winding  Po  and 
some  of  its  tributary  streams,  and  guarded  by  the 
Alps,  which  appear  almost  to  surround  it.  This 
vast  amphitheatre  extends  from  the  Monte  Viso 
on  the  left,  which  in  its  pyramidal  grandeur  seems 
to  command  the  lesser  Alps  over  which  nature 
has  placed  it,  through  the  chain  to  the  right  of 
the  Cottian,  Graian,  and  Pennine  Alps,  to  the 
beautiful  form  and  stupendous  proportions  of  the 
Monte  Rosa  —  their  queen,  whose  power,  in  this 
scene  at  least,  is  undivided  ;  for  Mont  Blanc 
cannot  be  seen  from  the  Superga.  Beyond  Monte 
Rosa,  to  the  right,  the  line  of  the  Alps  vanishes 
into  air,  ''  thin  air  ;"  as  on  the  left,  beyond  Monte 
Viso,  the  plains  of  the  Po  and  the  Stura  melt 
into  the  mist  and  obscurity  of  the  distant  Mari- 
time Alps.  From  the  cupola  of  the  Superga,  in 
favourable  weather,  it  is  said  that  Milan  can  be 
seen ;  but  we  could  not  distinguish  it  to-day. 
From  what  was  so  glorious  in  nature,  we  de- 


8G  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

scended  to  the  sepulchres  of  the  kings  of  Sardinia, 
wliose  resting-place  is  beneath  the  church  of  the 
Superga.  We  were  surprised  to  see  that  the  last 
king,  so  lately  dead,  had  found  his  way  into  the 
best  berth  in  these  vaults  —  into  a  smart  tomb 
decorated  with  Ci/pids  and  otlier  apj>ropriate  em- 
blems. The  appearance  of  the  tomb  was  much 
older  than  the  date  of  the  entombment,  February 
1824  ;  whether  he  had  turned  out  a  former  in- 
habitant, and  ordered  a  new  epitaph  adapted  to 
his  own  virtues  to  replace  that  of  his  ancestor,  we 
could  not  discover,  and  the  inquiry  was  rather  an 
awkward  one  to  make  of  the  custode. 

Whence  the  name  of  Superga,  given  to  this 
church,  it  is  difficult  to  guess ;  its  interior  is  daubed 
into  the  appearance  of  richness,  by  the  painting 
of  wood  and  plaster  to  resemble  marble.  The 
tombs  also  of  the  kings  have  their  share  of  such 
pretence.  Several  crowned  death's-heads  are 
placed  in  the  vaults,  and  decorate  the  tombs. 
Has  vanity  or  humility  done  this  ? 

"  The  devil  smiled,  for  his  darling  sin 
Is  the  pride  that  apes  humility." 

The  church  was  built  in  consequence  of  a  vow 
made  by  Victor  Amadeus  to  the  Virgin,  to  erect 
such  a  structure,  if  she  would  assist  him  in  re- 
lieving the  city  of  Turin,  when  it  was  besieged  by 
the  French  in  1706.     Turin  was  delivered;  but 


THE  SUPERGA.  87 

Victor  Amadeus  did  not  begin  to  redeem  his  pro- 
mise till  nine  years  after ;  and  as  it  was  not  a 
written  one,  ungratefully  gave  her  painted  wood 
and  plaster  for  marble.  From  the  surrounding 
country,  however,  the  church  is  an  imposing 
object.  We  were  annoyed  on  our  return  to  find 
that  we  could  not  start  to-day,  because  three  or 
four  signatures  were  necessary  to  our  passports 
before  we  could  cross  the  frontiers.  As  there  is  a 
franc  or  two  levied  upon  the  traveller  for  each  of 
these  signatures,  the  necessity  for  our  detention  is 
obvious ;  but  it  unfortunately  keeps  us  against 
our  wills,  and  increases  our  dislike  of  Turin. 


88  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


CHAPTER  VI. 

Leave  Turin  —  Pignerol  —  Induction  of  an  Archbisliop  — Valley 
of  the  Clusone  —  Fort  of  Fenestrelles  —  Col  de  Sestrieres  — 
Cesanne  —  INIont  Genbvre  —  Douaniers  —  Brianj on. 

Sept.  5th. — Left  Turin,  and  the  first  blackguard 
douanier  of  whom  we  inquired  our  way  misdi- 
rected us,  and  sent  us  above  a  mile  out  of  it.  The 
idleness  and  sullen  incivility  of  the  people  whom 
we  met  on  the  road  was  remarkable.  We  con- 
stantly passed  carts  and  other  vehicles,  but,  from 
the  diligence  to  the  drag,  every  conductor  slept  in 
it,  and  we  had  generally  to  roar  to  them  to  give 
us  room  enough  to  pass ;  their  tempers  were  al- 
ways disturbed  with  their  sleep,  and  we  received 
curses  from  them  which  might  have  added  to 
Dr.  Slop's.  After  resting  to  refresh  at  None,  we 
proceeded  over  a  flat  road  to  Pignerol,  whei'e 
every  inhabitant  was  out  to  receive,  at  his  induc- 
tion, a  new  archbishop  (the  Comte  de  Reis).  Just 
as  we  arrived,  and  were  snug  in  the  chamber  of 
our  inn,  the  rain  burst  upon  the  town  with  vio- 
lence, and  all  the  preparations  were  soaked.  A 
painted  paper  triumphal  arch  dropped  bit  by  bit ; 
the  fraternities  of  rags  and  wretchedness,  hid  in 


INDUCTION  OF  AN  ARCHBISHOP.  89 

part  by  dirty  white  and  yellow  robes,  appeared 
wetter  than  chickens  in  the  wettest  day,  and  pre- 
sented a  scene  of  which  it  was  very  difficult  to  say 
whether  it  should  excite  commiseration  or  laughter. 
The  large  square  had  been  levelled  and  strewed 
with  sand  and  soft  soil,  which  the  rain  soon  con- 
verted into  delicious  mud,  ankle  deep.  None, 
apparently,  except  the  halt,  the  lame,  and  the 
deformed,  could  be  found  to  join  in  the  necessary 
vestments  of  ceremony,  perhaps  of  penance ;  but 
of  those  the  city  of  Pignerol  turned  out  a  large  pro- 
portion. The  archbishop  arrived  about  five  o'clock, 
and  much  of  the  ceremony  was  evidently  abridged. 
He  was  preceded  by  two  dripping  trumpeters,  and 
followed  by  about  twenty  people  on  horseback, 
■forming  a  motley  cavalry ;  among  them  was  a 
decent  looking  puppy  or  two,  who  saw  nothing 
sacred  in  the  ceremony,  but  each,  evidently  con- 
sidering himself  by  far  the  most  interesting  per- 
sonage in  the  exhibition,  smoked  his  cigar,  and 
curvetted  before  some  pretty  girls  in  the  windows 
of  the  Grande  Place. 

At  length  the  rain  abated,  the  processional 
forces,  which  had  been  dispersed  by  its  violence, 
reassembled,  and,  in  something  like  order,  they 
proceeded  to  the  church.  The  wretched  objects 
mentioned,  headed  by  the  verger,  dressed  in  a  new 
suit  of  tawdry,  and  with  a  long  sword  which 
puzzled  his  legs  exceedingly,  took  the  lead  ;  these 


90  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

were  followed  by  half  a  dozen  filthy  looking 
monks,  then  tlie  priests  of  the  city  and  those  at- 
tached to  the  cathedral ;  then  the  archbishop  him- 
self, wearing  his  mitre,  beneath  a  white  canopy 
borne  by  four  persons,  and  riding  upon  a  white 
horse,  caparisoned  with  white  cloth  and  silver 
bullion.  This  was  not  in  imitation  of  his  Master's 
humility  in  entering  Jerusalem.  The  great  man's 
household  followed,  and  the  procession  was  brought 
up  by  a  large  mob  of  citizens  and  the  neighbour- 
ing peasantry.  On  entering  at  the  church  door 
the  archbishop  sprinkled  those  nearest  to  him 
with  holy  water — they  had  just  received  some 
purer  fiom  heaven.  At  the  porch  he  went  through 
some  ceremonies  too  long  for  us  to  witness,  stew- 
ing, as  we  were,  in  a  dirty  crowd,  from  which  we 
found  it  difficult  to  extricate  ourselves.  We,  how- 
ever, escaped,  and  got  to  the  inn,  tired,  and,  I 
fear,  not  much  edified  by  the  mummery. 

Gth.  —  On  paying  our  bill,  I  hinted  to  the 
w'aiter  that  I  had  seen  the  dinner  bills  of  the 
numerous  visitors  of  yesterday,  and  they  were 
charged  only  35  sous  for  what  we  had  been 
charged  80 ;  the  difi^ei'ence  could  only  be  to  impose 
upon  us  as  strangers.  He  had  frankness  enough 
to  confess  that  it  was  customary  thus  to  charge 
the  English,  and  we  could  not  obtain  any  redress 
against  this  customary  instance  of  Pieniontese 
dishonesty. 


VALLEY  OF  THE  CLUSONE.  91 

On  leaving  Pignerol  to  enter  the  valley  of 
the  Clusone,  the  beautiful  view  of  the  chain  of 
the  Alps,  as  it  is  presented  on  the  plains,  is 
soon  shut  out  by  the  lower  ranges  of  mountains 
that  bound  the  Val  Pragelas,  through  which  the 
river  Clusone  flows.  Napoleon  intended  that  the 
road  up  this  valley  should  communicate  by  the 
Col  de  Sestrieres  with  the  route  of  the  Monte 
Genevre,  the  route  cTEsiJagne  en  Italic,  and  thus 
avoid  the  long  detour  by  Susa  and  Turin.  But 
this  is  contrary  to  the  policy  of  the  Sardinian 
government,  which  has  allowed  the  route  by  the 
Col  de  Sestrieres  to  fall  into  decay  ;  and  thus  tra- 
vellers, who  would  pass  by  the  Mont  Genevre  to 
Parma  or  Genoa,  are  obliged  to  go  through  Turin. 
About  three  miles  from  Pignerol  we  passed  the 
quarries  of  gneiss,  which  are  worked  for  building 
a  new  bridge  over  the  Po,  at  Turin.  Our  ascent 
was  gradual  in  some  places  :  the  river  Clusone 
forces  its  way  through  ravines  in  which  the  road 
had  with  difiiculty  been  made  on  one  of  its  banks. 
This  was  formerly  known  as  one  of  the  valleys 
of  the  Vaudois,  the  Protestants  of  Piemont ;  it 
is  now  their  boundary.  They  have  no  churches 
on  the  left  bank  of  the  river,  though  those  of 
St.  Germains  and  Pomaret,  at  the  entrance  to 
the  valley  of  the  Germanasca,  or,  as  it  is  also 
called,  of  St.  Martin's,  are  seen  on  its  right  bank, 
nearly  opposite  to  Perouse,  the  principal  town  in 


92  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

the  valley  of  the  Clusone.  Near  Perouse  the  strong 
fortification  of  the  Fenestrelles  is  first  seen,  with 
its  white  hastions,  lines,  and  parapets,  stretching 
down  the  brow  of  the  hill,  which  appears  to  close 
the  valley  at  Fenestrelles.  In  fact,  a  narrow  road, 
cut  out  of  the  rock,  is  the  only  means  of  passing 
this  defile  to  reach  the  village  beneath  the  fort. 

On  our  way  we  had  observed  a  countryman 
catch  a  very  fine  trout  in  the  Clusone,  which  we 
bought,  and  it  made  part  of  our  repast  whilst 
we  rested.  The  fort  of  Fenestrelles  is  now  chiefly 
employed  as  a  prison  for  political  offenders ;  several 
of  the  carbonari  of  Pieniont  are  confined  here  : 
it  is  also  the  prison  of  that  villain  Mingrat,  the 
cure  of  St.  Quentin's  (Isere),  who,  after  murdering, 
with  circumstances  of  horrible  aggravation,  a 
woman,  one  of  his  parishioners,  fled  from  justice, 
and  escaping  across  the  frontiers,  felt  himself  safe 
in  Piemont,  where  the  clergy  never  suffer  publicly 
for  their  crimes  :  he  is  now  kept  in  the  fort  of 
Fenestrelles,  rather  for  protection  than  punish- 
ment. Our  guide,  upon  hearing  me  relate  the 
affair  of  St.  Quentin's,  confirmed  the  report  of  the 
practice  of  this  infamous  injustice.  He  said,  that 
recently,  nearCaluso,  a  traveller  was  left  for  dead 
by  a  brigand  who  had  stopped  and  robbed  him  ; 
the  poor  victim  was,  however,  taken  up  and  cured 
of  his  wounds.  On  entering  the  church  to  make 
acknowledgment  for  the  mercy  of  his  life  spared. 


FORT  OF  FENESTRELLES.  93 

he  saw,  in  the  priest  officiating  at  mass,  his  mur- 
derer. He  immediately  went  out  and  gave  informa- 
tion to  the  proper  authorities,  who  cautioned  him 
of  the  danger  of  charging  a  priest  with  the  crime  ; 
he  was  positive,  and  stated  that  he  had  some 
money  about  him  when  he  was  robbed  curiously 
marked,  which  he  described.  After  the  service, 
the  priest  was  arrested — beneath  his  canonicals 
was  the  very  dress  in  which  he  liad  made  the 
attack,  and  the  marked  money,  which  he  had 
been  afraid  to  pass,  was  found  upon  him.  The 
priest  was  ordered  into  confinement,  but  neither 
publicly  tried  nor  punished. 

From  the  French  side,  the  appearance  of  the 
fort  is  very  impressive  ;  it  perfectly  commands  the 
pass  of  the  valley  of  the  Clusone.  It  is  considered 
one  of  the  strongest  frontier  defences  of  Piemont. 
Above  Fenestrelles  the  road  rises  rapidly,  and 
winds  along  the  brink  of  a  precipice  for  nearly 
two  miles :  the  route,  which  had  been  excellent 
under  Napoleon,  is  suffered  by  the  present  govern- 
ment to  go  to  ruin  ;  and  the  large  stones  which 
fall  from  above  are  never  removed,  unless  a  pea- 
sant roll  them  out  of  the  way,  as  obstacles  to  the 
passage  of  the  rude  carts  which  are  now  used  here. 
Jean  Guarda  had  been  a  little  too  free  in  refreshins: 
at  the  village ;  he  had  lost  prudence  as  he  gained 
boldness,  and  our  necks,  and  his  volantin,  had 
nearly  fallen  sacrifices  to  the  exchange.     He  flou- 


94  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

rished  over  the  stones,  and  whirled  us  round  the 
angles  of  the  road,  with  an  awful  defiance  of 
danger.  His  excuse  was  the  long  journey  which 
he  had  to  perform  to-day.  At  Traverse,  where 
we  hired  an  additional  horse  for  crossino-  the  Col 
de  Sestricres,  we  rested  for  a  short  time ;  there 
the  punishment  of  Jean's  intemperance  overtook 
him — that  which  had  made  him  careless  of  dansj-er 
had  made  him  careless  of  his  cloak,  with  which 
some  Filch  of  the  valley  marched  off.  The  day 
sunk  before  we  began  the  ascent  of  the  Col  de 
Sestricres ;  but  a  bright  and  beautiful  full  moon 
arose  and  lit  our  passage.  The  depth  given  by 
haze  and  darkness  to  the  valleys  beneath  us,  and 
the  broad  and  grand  forms  of  the  mountains 
which  surrounded  us,  presented  a  scene  new  and 
striking.  The  difficulty  of  measuring  the  magni- 
tude or  distance  of  objects  by  the  eye  was  increased, 
while  the  absolute  silence,  unbroken  but  by  our- 
selves, wrapt  the  feelings  in  contemplation.  The 
plain  of  the  col  is  about  two  miles  long,  and 
rich  in  pasturage;  we  saw  in  the  moonlight  several 
chalets.  After  descending  some  time,  we  arrived 
at  what  we  thought  was  Cesanne  ;  for  w^e  met 
there  a  man  whom  we  had  sent  forw^ard  to  bring 
back  the  horse  which  we  had  hired  at  Traverse ; 
he  had  taken  a  shorter  path  and  arrived  before  us. 
We  entered  the  house,  took  possession  of  the  only 
chamber,  and  had  tossed  up  for  choice  of  the  bed 


CESANNE.  95 

or  the  table  as  a  resting-place  for  the  night,  and 
begun  to  inquire  about  supper,  when  we  found 
that  we  were  not  at  Cesanne,  but  at  the  hamlet 
of  the  Col  de  Champlas:  we  were  doubly  disap- 
pointed, as  the  scenery  by  moonlight  led  us  to  ex- 
pect some  fine  views  on  our  descent  in  the  morning. 
It  was  necessary,  however,  that  w^e  should  pro- 
ceed, and  we  continued  to  wind  down  the  moun- 
tain by  the  finely  constructed  I'oad  made  by  order 
of  Buonaparte  ;  and  crossing  the  torrent  of  the 
Doira  Susana,  which  runs  through  the  valley  of 
Oulx  to  Susa,  entered  Cesanne  at  11  o'clock.  At 
the  first  inn  no  accommodation  was  to  be  had  — 
at  another,  to  which  we  were  civilly  directed  by  a 
prepose,  we  knocked  up  the  host  and  hostess,  and 
they,  with  great  good  temper,  cooked  some  eggs, 
&c.  for  us.  The  only  room  to  be  had  contained 
two  beds — one  was  already  occupied  by  a  snorer ; 
but,  wrapt  in  our  cloaks,  we  threw  ourselves  upon 
the  other,  and  soon  forgot  our  fatigue. 

1th. — We  were  awakened  before  daylight  by  a 
fellow  entering  our  room,  and  violently  disputing 
with  our  sleeping  partner;  we  grumbled  at  the 
disturbance,  but  it  ended  only  in  the  rising  and 
going  out  of  the  man  who  had  occupied  the  other 
bed.  We  breakfasted  on  delicious  milk,  and  were 
delighted  with  the  kind  attentions  of  our  hostess, 
who  was  pleased  and  surprised  that  we  could  be 
content  with  any  thing  she  could  procure  for  us,  — 


96  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

her  poor  country,  she  said,  afforded  so  little.     Her 
mother,  an  old  woman  of  eighty,  who,  as  she  her- 
self said,  still  worked  in  the  fields,  offered  us  her 
snuff,  and  when  she  found  a  pinch  exchanged  for 
a  little  piece  of  money  left  in  the  box,  she  shewed 
us  her  beads,  and  promised  us  her  prayers  for  our 
journey,  and  a  happy  return  to  our  families.     We 
here  learnt  some  of  the  blessed  effects  which  the 
change  of  government,  after  the  fall  of  Napoleon, 
had  brought  with  it.     The  owners  of  this  house, 
misnamed  an  inn,  now  pay  an  annual  tax  of  200 
francs  for    their   house,   and  another   of  100    for 
their  goods  ;  under  the  government  of  Buonaparte, 
50  francs  was  the  amount  for  both.     They  cannot 
now  pass  the  frontiers  to  the  first  town  in  France, 
Brian^on,  without  leaving  a  deposit  for  the  mules 
upon  which  they  travel  —  to  be  forfeited  in  the 
event  of  their  not  being  returned.     For  the  hall, 
or  written  permission  to  pass,  a  tax  of  15  sous  is 
paid  for  each  beast.     This  tax  placed  us  in  some 
difficulty  about  Guarda's  horse,  but  it  was  removed 
by  the  kindness  and  confidence  of  Laurent  Rigat, 
our  host.      A  deposit  of  two  Napoleons  was  re- 
quired from  Guarda,  unless  he  could  get  a  person 
to  be  answerable  for  the  amount,  in  the  event  of 
his  not  returning  the  boll  to  this  place,  counter- 
signed at  that  frontier  by  which  Guarda  and  his 
horse  should  return   into  the  states  of  Sardinia, 
and  we  were   obliged  here   to   name  the  place. 


MONT  GENEVRE.  97 

Upon  our  saying  that  we  intended  to  go  from 
Grenoble  to  Montmelian,  they  inserted  the  name 
of  Chapareillan,  as  the  frontier  station  where  we 
should  leave  France.  Rigat,  who  had  become  Jean 
Guarda's  guarantee  at  Cesanne,  having  accompa- 
nied us  to  the  French  custom-house  on  the  Mont 
Genevre,  offered  the  security  that  was  required 
here  also  —  thus  makino-  himself  answerable  to 
the  amount  of  80  francs  for  a  total  stranger ;  and 
the  penalty  will  certainly  be  enforced  if  our  guide 
neglects  to  return  the  bolls  within  the  time  spe- 
cified upon  them. 

The  ascent  of  the  Mont  Genevre,  from  Cesanne, 
is  by  a  very  fine  road,  constructed  by  order  of 
Napoleon.  After  ascending  about  three  miles,  we 
reached  the  plain  of  the  Mont  Genevre. 

At  the  village  on  the  summit  of  the  pass,  we 
were  subjected  to  the  search  of  the  custom-house 
officers.  We  were  asked  if  we  had  any  thing  to 
declare ;  our  answer,  '  No, '  appeared  to  satisfy 
them ;  but,  after  being  detained  nearly  two  hours, 
whilst  they  examined  our  passports,  and  the  mea- 
surement and  description  of  the  horse  were  being 
taken,  we  thought  that  we  were  about  to  depart 
in  peace,  when  a  young  official,  whom  we  had 
neglected  to  fee,  with  a  pen  in  his  teeth,  swag- 
gered out  and  ordered  every  thing  to  be  unpacked 
and  examined,  even  to  the  untwisting  of  small 
parcels  of  paper.      We   complained  of  this,  and 


98  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

said,  that  if  it  had  been  necessary,  it  mi^ht  have 
been  done  whilst  the  arrangements  were  making 
for  the  horse  :  but  the  puppy  was  in  the  power  of 
place,  and  we  were  obliged  to  submit,  though  it 
was  with  an  ill  grace,  to  what  we  could  not 
prevent. 

The  pass  of  the  ]Mont  Genevre  is  one  of  the 
lowest  across  the  great  chain,  its  height  not  ex- 
ceeding 6000  English  feet :  barley  grows  on  the 
summit, — there  are  fine  pasturages  on  the  slopes 
of  the  surrounding  mountains ;  and  though  the 
winter  is  long  and  severe  at  the  village  of  Bourg 
Mont  Genevre,  it  is  constantly  inhabited.  In  the 
year  1807,  an  obelisk,  sixty-five  feet  high,  was 
erected  on  the  plain  near  the  village,  to  com- 
memorate the  completion  of  this  road  over  the 
Alps,  but  the  tablets,  with  the  inscriptions  which 
were  upon  them,  have  been  removed  I  On  this 
plain,  and  almost  from  a  common  source,  two 
rivers,  the  Doira-Susana  and  the  Durance,  take 
their  rise,  whence  the  former  fiows  into  the  Po, 
and  the  latter  into  the  Rhone. 

The  road  which  descends  to  Briangon  from  the 
Genevre  is  admirably  constructed,  and  winds  down 
the  mountain  by  a  succession  of  zig-zags,  which 
render  the  descent  gentle  and  commodious.  The 
views  of  Briancon  and  its  forts  are  very  striking : 
the  valley,  or  rather  confluence  of  valleys,  in  which 
it  is  situated,  presents  a  scene  of  mountain  forms 


BRIANgON.  99 

more  beautiful  and  picturesque  than  any  that  we 
have  passed ;  and  the  magnificent  larches  and  pines 
in  the  forest  through  which  we  descended,  formed 
to  the  scenes  foregrounds  which  were  perfectly  in 
character.  The  seven  forts  of  Briangon  are  placed 
on  the  hills  which  command  the  approach  on  the 
sides  both  of  Dauphiny  and  Piemont.  The  valley 
of  the  Durance  at  and  above  Briancon  narrows 
into  a  deep  ravine,  across  which  a  bridge,  an  arch 
of  120  feet  span,  is  thrown  with  great  boldness 
from  precipice  to  precipice  ;  beneath  it,  at  a  fright- 
ful depth,  the  Durance  forces  its  way.  This  bridge 
is  the  means  of  communication  between  the  town 
and  the  forts,  which  rise  above  each  other  to 
the  Fort  de  I'lnfernet,  situated  1000  feet  higher 
than  the  col  of  the  Mont  Genevre,  and  which 
requii'es  a  walk  of  three  hours  from  the  bridge 
to  attain  it.  Few  places  are  so  strong  by  nature 
and  by  art  as  Briangon ;  and  the  fortifications,  in 
spite  of  their  geometrical  forms,  aid  the  pictu- 
resque effect  of  this  extraordinary  place. 

At  the  foot  of  the  Mont  Genevre  is  a  fountain, 
where  an  inscription  formerly  bore  the  name  of  Na- 
poleon, and  commemorated  the  construction  of  the 
new  route :  this  has  been  removed,  lest  some  thirsty 
traveller  should  bless  his  memory.  Is  it  possible 
that  the  wicked  and  the  weak  who  ordered  the 
destruction  of  such  memorials  as  this  on  the  foun- 
tain, and  the  inscriptions  on  the  obelisk,  can  have 


100  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

fancied  that  with  their  removal  the  fame  of  Napo- 
leon would  be  forgotten?  Or  would  they  have 
his  violent  deeds  alone  remembered,  and  destroy 
all  records  of  the  benefits  which  he  conferred  upon 
society?  Those  were  transient,  but  these  are  im- 
2)erishable ;  and  the  infatuation  which  conceives 
that,  by  closing  its  own  eyes  to  the  great  deeds 
of  this  great  man,  it  can  leave  them  in  darkness 
to  the  rest  of  the  world,  is  like  that  of  the  ostrich, 
which  thrusts  its  head  into  tlie  sand,  and  exposes 
its  weakness  and  indecency. 


101 


CHAPTER  VII. 

Gendarme — View  of  Briancon  — Valley  of  the  Guisamie  — 
La  Lozet  — Col  de  Lautaret  — Mont  Lens  — La  Grave  — 
Storm — Val  Romanche — Route  d'Espagne  en  Italic — Gal- 
leries in  the  Combe  of  Malval— Bourg  d'Oysans  — Combe 
of  Gavet — Vizille  —  Buonaparte  and  the  Bourbons  —  Gre- 
noble— Statue  of  the  Chevalier  Bayard. 

Sept.  Sth. — We  have  learnt  at  Briancon  that 
the  route  to  Grenoble  by  the  Col  de  Lautaret  is 
impassable  in  a  volantin ;  my  friend  has  therefore 
decided  upon  proceeding  to  Grenoble  by  Embrun 
and  Gap  with  Jean  Guarda,  whilst  I  have  engaged 
a  man  and  horse,  to  reach  that  city  by  the  valleys 
of  the  Guisanne  and  the  Romanche.     There  was 
some  delay  with  my  passport,  in  consequence  of 
the  mayor's  not  being  able  for  some  time  to  find 
in  it  the  signature  of  the  minister  of  the  interior ; 
when  he  discovered  it,  he  offered  many  apologies 
for  the  detention.      I  had  scarcely,  however,  left 
the  city-gate  with  my  guide,  when  we  met  a  gen- 
darme  who    demanded    my   passport,   which    he 
examined  and  returned  ;   but  this  was  a  flourish 
of  petty  authority,  that  might  have  been  a  duty 
en  route,  but  was  uncalled  for  here,  because  he 
knew  my  guide,  and  knew  that  I  could  not  have 


102  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

left  the  town  without  my  passport  having-  been 
registered,  and  we  were  not  a  hundred  yards  from 
the  gate.  It  is  wise,  however,  for  a  stranger  to 
bow  with  temper  to  these  regulations  in  a  foreign 
country ;  but  no  one  feels  the  annoyance  so  much 
as  an  Englishman,  and  any  unnecessary  exercise 
of  this  power  is  sure  to  ruffle  him. 

From  the  entrance  of  the  Val  de  Guisanne, 
Brian^on,  with  its  forts  rising  from  its  walls  to 
the  summit  of  the  Mont  de  I'lnfernet,  a  peak 
nearly  10,000  feet  above  the  level  of  the  sea,  and 
the  open  valley  of  the  Durance  below  the  town, 
form  a  scene  of  great  beauty.  The  road  to  the  Col 
de  Lautaret  ascends  by  the  valley  of  the  Guisanne, 
and  passes  through  many  villages ;  one  of  these, 
Chante-Merle,  derives  its  name  from  the  great 
number  of  blackbirds  in  its  immediate  neighbour- 
hood.  On  looking  back  from  any  part  of  the 
valley  below  Monestier,  Briangon  appears  to  close 
the  vista ;  but  from  Monestier,  the  mountains, 
which  seemed  to  have  risen  above  each  other 
behind  Briancon  as  we  ascended  the  valley,  were 
now  surmounted  by  the  peak  of  the  Viso.  This 
route  from  Briancon  to  Grenoble  was  known  to 
the  Romans,  and  Monestier  was  by  them  called 
Stabadio.  There  are  mineral  baths  here,  but  they 
are  not  much  frequented.  From  Briangon  to  Mo- 
nestier the  road  is  good  for  chars ;  but  beyond  this 
place  it  is  impracticable,  except  by  mules. 


LA  LOZET.  103 

Near  the  village  of  Le  Casset  we  passed  the 
fine  glaciei*  of  Laciale,  which  descends  from  the 
Mont  d'Arcines.  Above  this  village  the  valley 
becomes  barren  and  savage ;  the  stunted  larches 
almost  cease,  and  snows  and  glaciers  are  rapidly 
approached.  The  few  spots  in  which  soil  is  found 
are  sown  with  barley,  and  a  scanty  produce  is  the 
uncertain  reward  of  the  cultivator.  Where  there 
had  been  irrigation,  a  rank  grass  had  sprung  up, 
which  was  cut  and  dried  as  winter  food  for  the 
cattle ;  this  they  were  gathering  with  great  care 
and  wrapping  it  in  a  cloth  to  carry  it  to  the 
grange ;  for  the  lives  of  their  cattle  depend  upon 
tliis  store,  as  the  snow  lies  on  the  ground  here 
eight  months  in  the  year.  The  upper  part  of  the 
valley  is  very  narrow,  and  bounded  by  mountains, 
which  are  scathed  and  pinnacled  upon  their  ridges  : 
the  debris  which  falls  from  them  almost  fills  the 
little  space  in  the  valley ;  yet  even  here  villages 
are  found. 

At  La  Lozet,  where  we  rested  to  refresh  the 
horse,  I  entered  the  inn,  and  found  there  two  or 
three  douaniers.  This  village  is  situated  at  the 
foot  of  one  of  the  dangerous  passes  which  commu- 
nicate with  Piemont  by  this  valley.  The  profit 
upon  coffee,  tobacco,  velvet,  (fee,  when  the  duty 
can  be  evaded,  tempts  the  smuggler  to  enter 
France  by  paths  where  his  neck  is  in  constant 
danger.     Still  higher  up  the  valley,  at  La  Made- 


104  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

laine,  there  is  another  station  of  douaniers.  Whilst 
the  horse  baited  at  La  Lozet,  I  ordered  refresh- 
ment ;  and  had  placed  before  me  a  bottle  of  ex- 
cellent wine,  bread,  butter,  eggs,  and  cheese,  I'oast 
and  boiled  mutton  ;  for  all  this  mine  host's  fair 
and  dirty  daughter,  after  three  efforts  to  make  the 
most  of  the  account,  was  restrained  by  her  con- 
science from  charo-ing;  me  more  than  13  sous 
{7^d. !) ;  and  I  was  overwhelmed  with  her  grati- 
tude when  I  gave  her  a  franc  and  refused  change. 

We  continued  to  ascend  the  valley  over  stones 
and  the  beds  of  torrents  for  above  an  hour,  when 
the  ascent  to  the  Mont  de  Lautaret  became  very 
rapid.  On  the  left,  the  Guisanne,  having  just 
issued  from  a  large  glacier,  tumbles  down  the 
mountain-side,  forming  fine  cataracts  in  pursuing 
its  course  to  the  Durance.  On  the  Col  de  Lau- 
taret, the  scene  was  strikingly  contrasted  with  that 
which  we  had  just  passed ;  the  rocky  surface  was 
concealed  by  a  rich  mountain  pasturage,  where 
numerous  cows,  goats,  and  sheep,  were  fed  during 
the  short  summer  enjoyed  there.  The  col  was 
I'ather  a  basin  than  a  plain ;  and  it  was  not  only 
covered  with  rich  short  grass,  but  a  conical  moun- 
tain which  arose  on  the  side  towards  Piemont  was 
verdant  even  to  its  summit.  This  mountain  is 
well  known  to  French  botanists  :  in  the  months  of 
June  and  July  it  is  covered  with  alpine  plants  and 
flowers  of  great  beauty  and  rarity,  and  it  then  ap- 


COL  DE  LAUTARET.  105 

pears  like  a  land  of  Goshen  amidst  all  that  storms 
and  avalanches  have  rendered  sterile  and  savage. 
On  this  col  is  an  old  hospice,  founded  by  Humbert 
the  Second,  one  of  the  maisons  Jiospitalieres  which 
he  established  in  Dauphiny  on  the  mountain-passes : 
it  is  under  repair  at  present.  As  we  descended 
from  the  col,  we  saw  the  enormous  glacier  of 
Tabuchet,  where  the  Romanche  has  its  source  ; 
it  presented  itself  on  our  left.  In  about  an  hour 
we  proceeded  along  the  banks  of  the  river ;  the 
day  closed  in  soon  after  we  had  entered  the  valley 
of  the  Romanche,  but  the  moon  shone  brightly. 
We  soon  reached  the  village  of  Villar  d'Arene, 
and  thence,  by  a  steep  descant,  to  a  fine  fall  of  the 
Romanche,  where,  aided  by  the  effect  cf  moonlight, 
the  defile  into  which  the  torrent  rushed  seemed 
deeper  and  darker  than  it  really  was  ;  for  the 
moon  shining  on  the  upper  part  of  the  falling 
waters,  and  on  the  mist  which  arose  from  the 
cataract,  the  depths  into  which  it  fell  was  immea- 
surable by  the  eye  at  this  hour ;  but  its  awful  roar 
was  heard  from  beneath.  On  winding  round  a 
projection  which  overhung  the  fall,  and  ascending 
the  path  which  skirts  a  precipice,  the  snows  and 
glaciers  of  Mont  Lens  burst  upon  us,  lit  up  by  the 
moon  with  a  peculiar  brightness,  whilst  the  base 
of  the  mountain,  sunk  into  mist  and  indistinct- 
ness, produced  a  sublime  and  impressive  effect 
upon  the  imagination  rather  than  the  eye,  for  it 

f2 


106  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

was  aided  by  the  deep  and  distant  murmurs  of  tlie 
Romanche. 

After  descending  by  a  steep  and  narrow  path, 
which  led  down  to  the  river,  we  saw  the  moon- 
light shining  on  the  slate  roofs  of  the  village  of 
La  Grave.  We  were  received  at  an  auberge? 
chez  Boi,  recommended  by  our  host  of  Brian^on 
as  the  best  in  the  village  ;  but  the  filth  and  stench 
of  the  first  room,  in  which  three  or  four  ill-looking 
fellows  appeared  to  be  enjoying  themselves,  made 
me  ask  at  once  for  a  chamber.  '^  Did  I  want  one 
to  myself?"  "Certainly."  I  was  then  shewn 
through  the  stable  up  into  a  loft,  where  five  or  six 
dirty  beds  were  stowed  round  in  cribs  ;  beyond  this 
I  was  led  to  a  narrow  room,  which  a  bed  and  table 
almost  entirely  occupied.  The  old  woman  who 
attended  me  told  me  that  Monsieur  le  Prefet  and  a 
party  had  slept  there  last  night :  this  was  probably 
true,  for  I  had  met  him  between  La  Lozet  and 
Madelaine,  with  a  lady  and  two  gentlemen,  on 
horseback,  attended  by  a  gendarme.  I  hope  they 
enjoyed  their  accommodation  here ;  I  had  little 
prospect  of  it,  moderate  as  my  expectations  had 
become  ;  but  supper  was  the  first  consideration. 
I  had  seen  enough  of  her  kitchen  to  ask  for  boiled 
eggs,  as  the  safest  speculation.  When  I  inquired  for 
her  best  wine,  she  shook  her  head,  and  said  it  was 
very  dear — thirty  sous  a  bottle,  and  that  its  price 
was  owing  to  its  being  a  wine  of  Provence,  brought 


LA  GRAVE.  107 

all  the  way  from  Avignon ;  but  hunger  and  thirst 
forbade  bounds  to  my  extravagance.  The  wine 
was  brought,  and  I  never  tasted  any  so  delicious. 
On  the  bread  and  eggs,  with  this  wine,  I  fared 
sumptuously.  Though  I  was  greatly  fatigued,  the 
filthy  appearance  of  the  bed  prevented  my  ap- 
proaching it ;  I  therefore  wrapped  myself  up  in 
my  cloak,  and  lay  on  the  rickety  table,  my  small 
bundle  serving  for  a  pillow.  Stanfield  had  taken 
on  my  portmanteau  in  the  volantin.  I  congratu- 
lated myself  that  I  had  retained  my  pistols,  for 
I  did  not  like  the  appearance  of  the  men  below, 
which  by  no  means  recommended  them  to  con- 
fidence ;  and  some  suspicions  had  arisen  in  the 
course  of  the  day,  that  an  unarmed  traveller  might 
have  met  with  foul  play ;  I  therefore  fastened  my 
door,  and  kept  on  my  guard.  I  do  not  know 
whether  it  was  the  expectation  of  attack,  or  the 
hard  resting-place  which  I  had  chosen,  but  I  could 
get  no  sleep  ;  the  buzz  of  a  wretched  fly  in  the  toil 
of  a  spider,  roused  me  as  effectually  as  the  falls  of 
the  avalanches  into  the  valley  from  Mont  Lens  op- 
posite, which  often  occurred.  About  two  o'clock, 
hoAvever,  fatigue  mastered  repugnance  ;  I  ventured 
to  lie  on  the  bed,  and  soon  fell  asleep. 

^th.- — About  four  o'clock  I  was  aroused  by  the 
noise  of  a  violent  storm,  and  the  dripping  of  the 
rain  upon  my  bed  ;  its  suddenness  sui'prised  me. 
I  arose  from  my  wet  resting-place,  and  looking 


108  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

out  of  the  window,  saw  the  storm  spending  its  fury 
around  Mont  Lens,  which  was  sometimes  obscured 
in  clouds,  at  others  its  glaciers  were  brightened  to 
effulgence  by  the  lightning.  Some  of  the  inmates 
had  been  disturbed,  and  their  yawns  and  mutter- 
ings,  joined  to  the  snoring  of  those  who  still  slept 
in  defiance  of  the  storm,  aided  the  beating  of  the 
rain  against  the  windows,  and  the  bursting  peals 
of  thunder,  to  form  a  horrid  midnight  medley. 
I  could  not  sleep  ;  but  devoted  the  hours  which 
passed  until  daylight  in  writing  to  England  and 
penning-in  some  sketches  made  yesterday. 

Bread,  eggs,  and  wine,  again  for  breakfast. 
The  bill,  including  my  extravagance  in  Provence 
wine,  was  forty  sous  !  My  poor  landlady  over- 
powered her  capital  customer  with  gratitude  for 
his  visit,  and  regret  that  the  storm  had  broken 
his  rest.  My  doubts  of  the  honesty  of  the  Dauphi- 
nois,  like  those  of  my  friend  at  Aosta,  did  wrong 
to  the  characters  of  those  with  whom  I  had  so- 
journed; and  I  owe  them  this  acknowledgment. 

At  La  Grave  the  winters  are  so  severe,  that 
the  inhabitants  find  it  sometimes  impossible  to 
break  the  ground  for  burying  their  dead  at  that 
season,  and  they  suspend  the  bodies  in  the  granaries 
until  the  succeeding  spring. 

About  noon  the  weather  cleared  up,  and  we  left 
La  Grave.  Our  route  lay  through  a  deep  ravine, 
where  the  path  was   difficult  and   rugged ;   and 


VALLEY  OF  THE  ROMANCHE.         109 

blocks  of  Stone  and  rocks  of  enormous  magnitude 
were  wildly  strewn  above :  tbe  mountains,  which 
rose  perpendicularly  from  the  slopes  formed  by 
their  debris,  were  surmounted  in  some  places  by 
glaciers  which  seemed  to  cut  against  the  sky.  The 
waters  which  melted  from  these  were  poured  out 
from  a  thousand  feet  above  the  valley  upon  the 
slopes,  and  thence  streamed  down  in  white  lines  of 
foam,  which  crossed,  in  their  course  to  the  Roman- 
che,  the  path  by  which  we  descended  the  valley, 
rendering  it  generally  difficult  to  pass,  and,  in 
consequence  of  the  late  rains,  in  some  places  dan- 
gerous. There  is  one  cataract,  near  the  hamlet  of 
La  Dauphine,  which,  from  its  volume  and  height, 
is  remarkably  fine  ;  it  bears  the  name  of  Le  Saut 
de  la  Pucelle.  My  guide  said  that  a  peasant  girl, 
who  saw  no  other  means  of  escape  from  the  violence 
of  a  huntsman  whom  she  had  met  in  the  moun- 
tain, boldly  leapt  from  the  summit  of  the  fall,  and 
escaped  unhurt.  If  the  story  be  true,  St.  Gene- 
vieve had  some  hand  in  it.  The  quantity  and  the 
magnitude  of  the  rocks  which  have  fallen  from  the 
mountain  is  immense.  I  made  fifty  paces  in  pass- 
ing one  of  these ;  against  several  of  them  stone 
chalets  had  been  raised,  which  were  comparatively 
so  diminutive  as  to  be  almost  unobserved;  in  these, 
during  the  summer,  the  goatherds  live.  Nothing 
can  be  imagined  more  rugged,  savage,  and  dreary, 
than   this  ravine  —  it  is   better  described  by  this 


110  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

word  than  by  valley.  Larger  mountains,  but  at  a 
greater  distance,  produce  not  half  the  impression 
upon  the  feelings  that  is  excited  by  these  lower 
ranges,  hanging  out  as  they  do  from  1000  to 
2000  feet  over  the  valley.  Some  are  seen  with 
glaciers  on  their  summits,  which  intersect  the  sky  : 
an  avalanche  from  these  would  overwhelm  the 
traveller  who  passed  beneath;  and  the  detritus 
which  forms  the  slopes  brought  down  by  such 
causes  gives  evidence  of  their  frequent  occurrence. 
Our  route  lav  above  two  hours  throus-h  this  scene 
of  danger,  and  ended  only  at  La  Dauphine,  where 
we  took  refreshment,  still  cheap ;  for  a  bottle  of 
excellent  wine,  bread,  cheese,  and  butter,  was 
only  charged  ten  sous. 

La  Dauphine  lies  rather  high  above  the  tor- 
rent ;  but  a  short  descent  brought  us  to  the  banks 
of  the  Romanche,  and  we  once  more  arrived  where 
trees,  farms,  and  cottages,  speckled  the  scene  ;  and 
we  were  brought  again  to  society  and  is  associa- 
tions. In  half  an  hour  from  La  Dauphine  we 
arrived  at  the  termination,  as  far  as  it  had  been 
made,  of  the  Route  d'Espagne  en  Italic,  which 
Napoleon  had  ordered  to  be  carried  throu2"h  these 
wild  and  secluded  valleys,  to  form  a  communica- 
tion between  Grenoble  and  the  jMont  Genevre, 
across  the  Col  de  Lautaret,  —  thus  saving  forty 
miles  of  distance,  by  avoiding  the  route  through 
Gap  and  Embrun.     This  road  was  began  in  obe- 


GALLERIES  IN  THE  COMBE  OF  MALVAL.         Ill 

dience  to  a  decree  dated  February  17th,  1804. 
The  last  portion  finished  of  this  work,  was  a  gal- 
lery cut  through  the  rocks  on  the  hank  of  the 
Romanche,  a  little  below  La  Dauphine.  The 
situation  is  exceedingly  wild,  but  the  gallery  is  not 
of  great  extent.  From  this  place,  a  road,  admir- 
ably made,  leads,  on  the  banks  of  the  river,  for 
about  a  mile,  through  a  defile,  and  amidst  scenes 
which  reminded  me  of  some  parts  of  the  Val 
Dovedro.  The  road  then  ascends  to  the  great 
gallery,  which  is  at  least  as  extraordinary  a  work 
as  that  of  Gondo,  in  the  route  of  the  Simplon. 
Here,  however,  the  excavation  is  nearly  tv^o  hun- 
dred feet  longer  ;  but  it  is  chiefly  remarkable  for 
its  great  height  above  the  torrent.  As  it  was  im- 
possible to  continue  the  road  by  the  river  side,  it 
has  been  carried  nearly  five  hundred  feet  above  the 
river,  which  it  perpendicularly  overliangs.  From 
three  lateral  openings  in  the  gallery,  cut  through 
the  rock  to  admit  light  to  the  passage,  the  tra- 
veller can  look  down,  if  his  head  be  steady 
enough,  upon  the  jagged  rocks  and  foaming  tor- 
rent beneath. 

Between  the  two  galleries,  and  above  the  right 
bank  of  the  river,  the  little  church  and  village  of 
Freney  are  seen  amidst  woods  and  fields,  which 
strikingly  contrast  with  the  desolation  of  the  scenes 
above  La  Dauphine.  From  La  Grave  to  Bourg 
d'Oysans,  the  valley  bears  the   general   name  of 


112  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

the  Combe  of  Malval  ;  but  below  Freney,  the 
gorge  is  distinguished  by  the  name  oiLes  Infernef.s. 
This  is  the  part  which  has  been  avoided,  by  carry- 
ing the  road  up  the  side  of  the  ravine,  and  througli 
the  great  gallery;  beyond  which,  it  still  rises  on 
the  mountain  side,  where  precipices,  hundreds  of 
feet  above  and  below  the  road,  give  to  the  scene  an 
extraordinaiy  character  of  vastness,  from  their  prox- 
imity. The  eye  cannot  survey  the  entire  forms  of 
the  mountains,  and  estimate  their  magnitudes,  by 
their  distance  ;  the  comparison  of  the  surrounding 
objects  can  alone  be  made  with  man,  and  the  mind 
shrinks  in  the  contemplation.  After  winding  round 
one  of  the  buttresses  of  Mont  Lens, — for  our  course 
from  La  Grave  had  been  at  the  base  of  this  moun- 
tain,— we  passed  tln'ough  the  village  of  Mondelent; 
whence  the  descent,  though  sometimes  on  the  brink 
of  precipices,  is  gradual  to  the  bed  of  the  Ro- 
manche,  below  where  it  issues  from  the  gorge  of 
Malval.  The  road  had  been  so  far  finished,  that 
carts  employed  in  its  formation  could  pass  ;  but  it 
is  now  so  neglected  and  decaying,  that  a  light  char 
cannot  be  taken  from  the  combe  of  Malval  to  Bourg 
d'Oysans.  No  cantonniers  were  a})pointed  to  pre- 
serve that  portion  of  the  road  which  had  been 
accomplished,  and  it  has  gone  to  ruin. 

Having  attained  the  banks  of  the  Romanche, 
and  pursued  its  course  for  half  a  mile,  we  crossed 
it  on  a  wooden  bridge,  and  proceeded,  through  a 


BOURG  d'oYSANS.  113 

fertile  valley,  to  Bourg  d'Oysans,  anciently  Ca- 
torissium,  leaving  on  our  left  the  narrow  gorges 
of  the  Vencon,  which  descends  from  the  savasre 
valley  of  St.  Christopher,  and  falls  into  the  Ro- 
manche  near  Bourg  d'Oysans.  Before  our  arrival 
at  this  place  we  recrossed  the  river,  and  shortly 
after,  the  broad  fantastic  cap  of  Madame  Ratoux, 
with  preparations  for  our  supper,  were  welcome 
sights.  How  much  I  enjoyed  a  clean  bed,  after  my 
adventures  at  chez  Boi,  may  be  easily  conceived. 

lOth. —  We  left  Bourg  d'Oysans  at  six  o'clock. 
The  clouds  hung  about  the  mountains,  and  it  was 
only  in  occasional  glimpses  that  I  could  distinguish 
the  rugged  and  snowy  peaks  of  Mont  Lens,  at  a 
height  greatly  increased  in  appearance  by  the  cir- 
cumstances under  which  I  saw  them.  The  road 
to  Brian^on  formerly  lay  over  a  part  of  Mont 
Lens — a  pass  of  great  elevation  and  extreme  dif- 
ficulty. Some  works  of  Roman  construction  yet 
remain  upon  it. 

The  ahiiost  perpendicular  ridge  of  the  lower 
range  of  mountains  which  surround  the  valley  or 
basin  of  Bourg  d'Oysans,  particularly  on  the 
southern  side,  present  some  most  extraordinary 
instances  of  tortuous  stratification.  In  the  eleventh 
century,  the  quantity  of  debris  brought  down  by 
the  torrents,  Avhich  are  most  impetuous  in  the 
vicinity  of  Bourg  d'Oysans,  formed  a  dike  at  the 
entrance  of  tlie  combe  of  Gavet,  into  which  the 


114  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

valley  of  Bourg  d'Oysans  leads.  The  water  accu- 
mulated within  the  dike,  and  during  upwards  of 
two  centuries  formed  a  lake  which  covered  the 
present  land  in  the  valley  of  Bourg  d'Oysans  to 
the  depth  of  sixty  or  eighty  feet.  Its  surface  was 
three  leagues  long,  and  one  league  wide ;  and  in 
some  old  records  it  bore  the  name  of  the  Lac  du 
St.  Laurent.  In  September  1229  the  dike  burst, 
the  torrent  swept  away  all  the  villages  in  its 
course,  and  it  is  reported  to  have  even  submerged 
a  great  part  of  Grenoble.  On  turning  into  the 
combe  of  Gavet,  we  soon  arrived  at  the  narrow 
pass  where  this  dike  had  been  formed  :  near  it, 
some  fine  cataracts  descend  from  the  mountains. 
At  the  early  hour  of  our  passing,  the  sun  shone 
upon  the  spray  rising  from  the  falling  waters,  and 
presented  brilliant  irises,  their  hues  varying  in 
intensity  with  the  influence  of  the  currents  of  air 
upon  the  mists  which  they  dispersed. 

The  combe  of  Gavet  has  a  picturesque  cha- 
racter not  unlike  the  glen  scenery  of  the  High- 
lands of  Scotland.  The  beautiful  began  to  prevail 
over  the  sublime,  and  cultivation  over  sterility. 
We  passed  through  the  villages  of  Gavet  and  Lane, 
corrupted  from  its  Roman  name  of  Chichiliana. 
Here  we  rested  to  bait  the  horse ;  and  hence,  in 
an  hour  and  a  half,  reached  Vizille.  This  town  is 
finely  situated  in  a  little  plain  surrounded  by  lofty 
mountains,  on  the  high  road  from  Gap  to  Gre- 


VIZILLE BUONA.PARTE  AND  THE  BOURBONS.  115 

noble.  It  was  at  Vizille  that  the  parliament  of 
Dauphiny  made  a  declaration  fatal  to  the  power  of 
the  Bourbons ;  hence  it  has  been  called  the  cradle 
of  the  revolution.  From  Vizille,  the  road  to  Gre- 
noble rises  by  a  gentle  ascent,  from  which  a  beau- 
tiful view  of  Vizille  is  presented ;  it  then  continues 
on  the  hills  until  its  descent,  which  is  gradual, 
from  Brie.  This  is  a  village  whence  Grenoble  is 
first  seen  in  a  very  striking  point  of  view.  From 
this  place,  avenues  of  chestnut-trees  extend  almost 
to  the  capital  of  Dauphiny,  and  the  approach  to  it 
has  all  the  character  of  the  vicinity  of  a  large  city. 
We  were  driven  to  the  Hotel  of  the  Ambassadors, 
The  Bourbons  are  not  in  high  odour  in  Dau- 
phiny, on  the  line  of  road  by  which  I  re-entered 
France.  Napoleon  is  spoken  of  with  affection, 
and  his  successors  with  contempt.  Much  of  this 
has  probably  arisen  from  the  cessation  of  employ- 
ment, by  stopping  the  works  of  the  new  road,  and 
the  destruction  of  their  hopes  of  advantage  and 
benefit  from  the  transit  of  merchandise  and  tra- 
vellers. Great  advantages  would  also  be  derived 
from  ready  access  to  the  lead  and  copper  mines 
which  are  worked  in  the  combe  of  Malval.  To 
me, -as  an  Englisliman,  many  whom  I  met  with 
were  unrestrained  in  their  praises  of  the  emperor. 
It  is  probable  that  the  Dauphinois  have  been  made 
to  feel  that  their  welcome  reception  of  Buonaparte, 
on  his  return  from  Elba,  at  Gap,  Vizille,  and  Gre- 


IIG  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

noble,  and  the  assistance  which  was  afforded  to 
him  on  this  line  of  his  march,  were  ill-timed  ;  cer- 
tain it  is,  that  they  express  their  hatred  of  his  suc- 
cessors with   less   reserve   than   I   expected.      At 
Bourg  d'Oysans  I  saAV  a  portrait  of  Louis  XVIII. 
converted  into  an  old  smoker,  vls-a-vis  with  Vol- 
taire, who  was  made  to  grin  at  him  ;    and  in  a 
handsome  apartment  of  the  principal  inn  at  Gre- 
noble was  a  print  of  the  Duchesse  de  Berry  en- 
eiente,  asleep,   and  near  her  a  bust  of  the  duke 
on  a  pedestal.      A  vision  represented    St.  Louis 
pointing  to  a  child,    borne   towards  her  by  two 
angels.      A  diamond-scratch  had  been  drawn  on 
the  glass  which  covered  the  print  across  all  their 
throats.      "The   snake  is  scotched,   not  killed;" 
the  fire  is  smothered,  not  extinguished,  and  will 
long  retain  its  heat  and  power  of  rekindling.      Let 
the  Bourbons  be  cautious,  and  not  try  its  strength 
by  blowing  upon  it  too  fiercely.* 

Wth. — As  my  friend  had  not  arrived  this 
morning,  I  walked  about  the  city,  which,  next 
to  Paris  and  Lyons,  is  the  finest  that  I  have  seen 
in  France.  It  is  beautifully  situated  on  the  Iscre; 
but  I  found  little  in  it  to  interest  me.  In  the 
square  of  St.  Andre,  which  ought  now  to  be  called 
the  Place  Bayard,  is  a  bronze  statue  of  the  che- 

*  Five  years  afterwards  the  elder  branch  was  driven  from 
France:  how  many  have  the  younger  yet  to  stay? 


STATUE  OF  THE  CHEVALIER  BAYARD.    117 

valier  "  sans  peur  et  sans  reproclie,"  recently 
erected  by  a  subscription  of  the  people  of  Dau- 
phiny,  aided  by  gifts  from  the  king  and  the 
royal  family.  The  attitude  chosen  by  the  artist, 
whose  name  I  did  not  learn,  is  intended  to  re- 
present the  chevalier  wounded  and  falling  against 
a  tree,  upon  which  he  supports  himself  with  one 
hand,  whilst  he  raises  a  sword  with  the  other, 
but  so  awkwardly,  that  the  hilt  prevents  his  face 
from  being  seen,  except  in  one  position,  where  it 
is  so  much  foreshortened,  that  the  character  and 
expression  cannot  be  understood.  The  chevalier 
was  born  in  this  department  (I'lsere),  at  a  chateau, 
the  niins  of  which  I  am  advised  to  visit,  as  it  lies 
very  little  out  of  the  road  to  Montmelian,  by 
which  we  have  proposed  to  reach  the  Little  St. 
Bernard.  Beneath  the  statue  four  tablets  are 
inserted  into  the  pedestal.  The  first  records  his 
battles ;  the  second,  the  names  of  the  inen  at  arms 
in  his  company ;  the  third,  the  persons  who  sub- 
scribed to  the  erection  of  this  statue  in  the  reign 
of  Louis  le  dtsire  ;  the  fourth  is — To  Bayard,  who 
was  born  in  the  year  1476,  and  died  at  Rebecq 
in  the  year  1524,  with,  I  suppose,  a  recorded 
speech  of  the  chevalier,  that  God  and  the  king 
were  his  only  masters ! 

Stanfield  arrived  in  the  afternoon,  delighted 
with  his  journey  by  the  high  road  through  Em- 
brun  and  Gap. 


118  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


CHAPTER  VIII. 

Valley  of  Gresivaudan  —  Ponte  Charra  —  Chateau  Bayard  — 
Frontier  —  Montmclian — St.  Pierre  d'Albigny  —  Chateau 
Moilans,  Val  Isere  —  L'llopital  Conflans  —  ronderie 
Royale —  Moutiers  —  Cluse  d'Haute-Cour — Ayme  —  St. 
Maurice — \'alley  of  the  Reclus — Roche  Blanche — Passage 
ofHannibal — Hospice — Summit  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard — 
Coloiine  de  Joux — La  Tuile — Scene  of  Hannibal's  difficulty 
in  descending  from  the  Alps — Baths  of  St.Didier — Village 
Funeral — Aosta. 

Sept.  I2th. — We  left  Grenoble  about  two  this 
afternoon,  and  ascended  tlie  left  bank  of  the  Isere, 
through  the  rich  and  fertile  valley  of  Gresivaudan. 
The  chain  of  mountains  wdiich  terminate  in  Mont 
Grenier  bound  the  valley  on  the  right  of  the  river. 
At  nine  o'clock  we  arrived  at  Ponte  Charra,  on 
the  frontiers  cf  Savoy,  where  we  were  welcomed 
by  a  very  pretty  landlady  at  the  Auberge  de  la 
Paon ;  and  where  our  excellent  little  supper,  and 
delicious  juice  of  the  grape,  contradicted  the  Pie- 
montese  proverb,  that  "  an  innkeeper  who  has  a 
pretty  wife  sells  bad  wine." 

liSth.  —We  were  too  late  yesterday  to  visit 
the  Chateau  Bayard,  on  our  way  to  Ponte  Charra  ; 
we  therefore  walked  back  to  see  it  this  morning, 
whilst  Jean  Garda  was  arranging  about  the  holl 
for  his  horse.  We  retraced  the  road  to  Grenoble 
about  a  mile,  and  then  struck  into  a  path  on  our 
left,  and  ascended   the  side  of  a  hill,  by  which, 


CHATEAU  BAYARD.  119 

in  about  another  mile,  we  attained   the  ruins  of 
the  chateau,  celebrated  as  the  birth-place  of  the 
chevalier,  and  not  less  deserving  of  celebrity  for 
the  beauty  of  its  site.     It  commanded  a  most  ex- 
tensive view  of  the  vale  of  Gresivaudan.     On  the 
opposite  side  of  the  valley  is  seen  the  Ford  Bar- 
raud,  which  defends  that  frontier  route  into  Dau- 
phiny  ;  beyond,  the  view  is  bounded  by  the  chain 
of  Mont   d'Arpente,   which    terminates   in    Mont 
Granier;   and   on  the   right  the  plain  extends  to 
Chambery.       The  valley   upwards,   above   Mont- 
melian,    is   closed   by   Mont  la  Tuile,   and  those 
masses    more    distant  which   extend  up   the   Val 
Isere.     Down  the    river,   the   mountains    around 
Grenoble  limit  the  view  ;  but  nothing  can  be  ima- 
gined  which  surpasses  the  richness  every  where 
presented    by  cultivation  in  this  fertile  valley; — 
forests,  vines,  and  corn,  covei-  the  land.     During 
its  days  of  glory  the  Chateau  Bayard  must  have 
been   a  delicious  residence.     In   the  ruins,  how- 
ever,  there   is   no    interest  but  what  arises  from 
association  with  the  chevalier  himself:    they  are 
all  unpicturesque,  except  those  of  the  gateway  or 
entrance  to  the  terrace :  the  gardens  are  destroyed 
— the  terrace  can  scarcely  be  defined  ;  and  during 
the  events   of  the  revolution,  at  the  sales  of  na- 
tional property,  the  whole  would  have  been  demo- 
lished, but,   that  a  man  (I  wish  I  could  give  his 
name!)  was  found  bold  and  generous  enough  to 


120  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

buy  it,  to  preserve  what  even  yet  remained  of  the 
birth-place  of  the  hero  of  Daiiphiny. 

On  our  return  we  found  tliat  some  difficulty 
had  occurred  in  consequence  of  the  douanier  at 
Mont  Gencvre  having  written  Chapareillan  instead 
of  Ponte  Charra  on  the  holl  delivered  on  the  Mont 
Genevre,  the  former  place  being  the  frontier  town 
on  the  other  side  of  the  Isere  towards  Cliambery. 
We  succeeded,  with  a  little  management,  in  re- 
moving the  difficulty.  Soon  after  leaving  Ponte 
Charra  we  arrived  at  the  station  of  the  prtposts  of 
Savoy :  here  we  had  again  to  execrate  the  delays 
thrown  in  our  way  by  the  examination  of  pass- 
ports, bolls,  and  baggage  —  again  the  horse  was 
measured  and  examined  for  his  marks. 

On  inspecting  the  seat  of  the  volantin  two  brace 
of  pistols  were  found.  One  of  the  fellows  seized 
these,  and  took  them  to  the  commandant  to  know 
if  one  pair  would  not  be  lawful  prize :  the  com- 
mandant came  to  us,  and  learnt,  that  though  we 
were  now  together,  we  had  occasionally  separated  ; 
and  admitted,  that  though  in  Savoy  arms  were 
not  necessary,  in  our  journeys  we  might  sometimes 
require  them.  I  observed  a  rather  sudden  growth 
of  civility  in  the  party,  which  I  did  not  at  first 
understand.  Whilst  our  things  were  repacking, 
my  friend  had  amused  himself  by  tossing  up  in 
his  hand,  so  that  they  might  observe  it,  a  five- 
franc  piece;  this  caught  the  eyes  of  the  harpies, 


MONTMELIAN.  121 

and  when  we  left  them,  each  believed  that  his 
companion  had  it ;  but,  after  going  about  200 
yards,  S.,  who  had  kept  it  in  his  hand,  threw 
it  up  again  in  ti-iumph,  to  their  evident  disap- 
pointment and  mortification.  We  soon  got  into 
the  great  route  of  the  Mont  Cenis,  upon  which 
we  entered  about  a  mile  above  Montmelian.  Here 
the  view  of  this  town  and  its  old  fort,  the  river, 
and  the  Val  Isere,  backed  by  the  mountain  of  La 
Tuile,  offered  a  strikingly  picturesque  scene.  We 
descended  to  Montmelian  to  cross  the  Isere  and 
pursue  our  course  up  its  right  bank  to  L'Hopital. 
The  excessive  steepness  of  the  street  which  led  to 
this  route  rendered  it  very  difficult  to  get  up  the 
volantin  ;  this,  however,  was  accomplished  whilst 
we  attended  at  the  station  of  the  carabineers  to 
get  our  passports  again  countersigned.  The  route 
up  the  right  bank  of  the  Isere  is  very  beautiful  — 
the  breadth  of  the  river,  the  richness  of  its  banks, 
and  the  woods  and  mountains,  in  some  places 
aided  by  the  ruins  of  castles  and  neat  and  delight- 
fully situated  villages,  present  a  succession  of  pic- 
turesque scenes  and  objects  of  great  interest. 

At  the  little  town  of  St.  Pierre  d'Albigny  we 
rested  and  dined  ;  the  hostess  wanted  to  bribe  our 
guide  to  support  her  demand  of  twelve  francs  in- 
stead of  six.  lie  told  her  it  was  hopeless,  as  I  was 
an  old  traveller.  A  little  beyond  St.  Pierre  we 
passed  one  of  the  finest  ruined  chateaux  on  the 

G 


122  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

route,  that  of  Moilans.  It  is  placed  on  the  point 
of  a  rock  wliich  juts  out  from  the  mountain-side, 
in  a  commanding  situation.  Early  in  the  16th 
century  this  castle  was  purchased  by  a  duke  of 
Savoy,  and  made  the  state  prison.  The  same 
richness  in  the  soil  and  scenery  for  which  the 
valley  of  the  Isere  is  so  celebrated,  prevailed  all 
the  way  to  L'Hopital  Conflans. 

We  were  a  little  surprised,  on  arriving  at 
L'Hopital,  to  find  a  town  well  lit  with  lamps, 
having  good  inns,  and  an  appearance  of  clean- 
liness and  comfort,  which  reminded  us  of  home. 
At  the  first  inn,  chez  Geny  freres,  the  house 
was  too  much  occupied  for  our  accommodation, 
chiefiy  by  an  English  nobleman,  who  had  just 
arrived  with  his  family  and  suite,  and  having  a 
dauo'hter  with  him  who  was  an  invalid  :  we  there- 
fore  withdrew  to  another  inn,  kept  by  a  young 
couple  who  had  recently  commenced  business, 
where  every  thing  was  excellent,  and  served  with 
great  civility  and  attention. 

I4th. —  On  leaving  L'Hopital  we  crossed  the 
river  Arly,  near  its  confluence  with  the  Iscre,  to 
Conflans,  which  is  situated  on  the  left  bank  of  the 
river,  though  with  L'Hopital  it  properly  forms 
only  one  town.  Near  it  we  visited  the  royal 
smelting-houses  and  foundei'j^  where  the  silver  of 
the  state  is  obtained  from  the  ore  ;  there  were  no 
workmen  at  present,  and  the  fires  were  extinct. 


MOUTIERS-TARENTAISE.  123 

The  king,  in  his  recent  jjrogress  through  his  duchy 
of  Savoy,  visited  L'Hopital,  when,  for  his  amuse- 
ment, and  to  raise,  if  possible,  his  notions  of  self- 
importance,  his  fonderie  royale  was  set  to  work. 
The  people  appeared  to  have  been  made  very 
happy  by  his  visit,  and  to  remember  the  holyday 
which  it  afforded  with  much  pleasure. 

The  valley  of  the  Isere  at  Conflans  turns  off 
abruptly  at  a  right  angle,  which  extends  to  Mou- 
tiers-Tarentaise.  Above  this  place  its  course  is 
again  nearly  parallel  with  the  vale  of  Gresivaudan. 
The  same  beautiful  scenery  and  high  cultivation 
extends  to  Moutiers,  but  with  some  variation  where 
the  valley  becomes  narrower  ;  it  is,  however,  as 
richly  wooded,  and  old  feudal  remains  are  still 
seen  in  commanding  situations  on  the  mountain- 
side. Before  arriving  at  the  neat  little  village  of 
Aigue-Blanche,  there  is  a  fine  scene  where  a 
cataract  dashes  down  amidst  immense  rocks ;  a 
spot  which  forms  a  striking  contrast  with  the 
quiet  and  beautiful  scenes  through  which  we  had 
just  passed.  From  Aigue-Blanche  to  Moutiers 
the  road  has  been  admirably  made  on  the  side  of 
a  ravine,  which,  at  its  termination,  discloses  the 
capital  of  the  Tarentaise,  in  the  midst  of  a  little 
plain  surrounded  by  mountains.  Its  salines  or 
salt-works  are  buildings  of  singular  construction 
for  the  evaporation  of  the  water  which  is  conducted 
through   them  from   the  salt- springs :   there    are 


124  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

four  such  houses,  each  above  1000  feet  long  and 
25  feet  high.  Nearly  three  million  pounds  of  salt 
are  annually  obtained  from  these  works.  Bake- 
well,  in  his  *'  Tour  in  the  Tarentaise,"  gives  an 
excellent  account  of  Moutiers  and  these  salines. 

After  taking  refreshment,  we  proceeded  on  our 
route  up  the  course  of  the  Isere  :  we  soon  passed 
the  village  of  St.  Marcel,  and  a  little  beyond  it 
ascended  by  a  road  which  is  carried  high  above 
the  torrent,  over  the  brow  of  a  rock  that  perpen- 
dicularly overhangs  the  narrow  gorge  through 
which  the  Isere  struggles  at  the  depth  of  several 
hundred  feet.  Formerly  the  road,  or  rather  path, 
that  led  to  the  valley  above  this  gorge,  was 
carried  over  the  rocks  on  the  other  side  of  the 
river.  The  view  from  the  summit  of  this  pass, 
into  the  bed  of  the  Isere,  and  of  the  village  of  St. 
Marcel,  is  very  singular.  This  place  is  called 
the  Cluse  d'Haute-Cour ;  the  parish  in  which  it 
is  situated,  and  of  which  the  little  church  can 
be  just  seen  on  the  left,  high  above  the  road,  is 
that  of  Mont  Jerou.  We  were  told  that  the  land 
above  us  lay  in  flat  terraces,  and  was  very  pro- 
ductive in  corn.  The  road  of  Haute -Cour  was 
made  by  order  of  Charles  Emanuel  III.  in  1766. 
Bakewell  calls  this  gorge  Le  Saut  de  la  Pucelle. 
These  young  ladies  appear  to  have  chosen  places 
for  their  feats  as  difficult  to  attain  as  to  escape 
from. 


BOURG  ST.  MAURICE.  125 

Beyond  this  gorge  the  country  began  to  assume 
an  appearance  of  sterility  when  compared  with 
the  valley  below  it.  We  left  on  the  right  the 
village  of  Centron,  —  a  name  which  marks  the 
locality  of  the  Centrones,  a  people  who  inhabited 
the  upper  valley,  —  and  proceeded  to  Ayme,  the 
ancient  Aimse ;  but  believed  by  antiquaries  to 
be  also  the  Forum  Claudii  Centronum.  M.  J. 
Roche,  of  Moutiers,  has  particularly  investigated 
this  subject  in  his  Notices  Historiques  sur  les 
anciens  Centrons.  Ayme  is  a  little  market-town, 
where  we  rested  our  horse  long  enough  to  make 
our  arrival  at  Bourg  St.  Maurice  late.  We  had 
a  very  narrow  escape  from  a  serious  accident  at 
this  place.  Just  before  we  entered  the  town,  we 
crossed  a  wooden  bridge  above  a  torrent,  which 
our  conductor  Jean  drove  over  so  carelessly,  that 
the  wheels  on  my  side  of  the  volantin  were  within 
two  inches  of  the  edge  of  the  board.  When  I 
looked  down  upon  the  foaming  torrent,  I  gave  an 
alarm  ;  and  before  we  had  passed  over,  our  escape 
was  as  narrow  from  such  an  accident  by  the 
sudden  change  to  the  other  side  :  there  was  no 
parapet  or  railing  on  either  to  protect  us.  We 
afterwards  learnt  that  we  had  gone  over  a  tem- 
porary bridge,  and,  as  it  was  dark,  our  escape 
was  considered  by  our  host  of  St.  Maurice  as 
a  miracle. 

\6th. — We  i-eturned  to   the  scene  of  danger 


126  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

which  we  had  escaped  last  night,  and  felt  grate- 
ful that  our  journey  had  not  closed  here.  Guarda's 
horse  was  beginning  to  feel  the  effects  of  his  con- 
stant labour ;  we  therefore  engaged  a  man,  who, 
with  the  assistance  of  two  others,  agreed  to  convey 
our  carriage,  without  dismounting  it,  across  the 
pass  of  the  Little  Saint  Bernard,  and  to  furnish 
another  horse  for  the  journey.  We  started  in  the 
volantin,  and  after  crossing  the  torrent  which 
descends  from  the  Glacier  d'Oratoire  by  Chapiu, 
reached  Scez,  where  we  left  the  valley  of  the 
Isere,  to  ascend  that  of  the  Reclus.  The  vil- 
lanous  condition  of  the  road  induced  us  to  avoid 
the  chance  offered  to  us  of  beins;  converted  into 
jelly  by  the -jolts  of  our  carriage.  My  friend 
mounted  Jean  Guarda's  horse,  and  I  walked  on, 
leaving  the  party  that  we  had  hired  to  follow 
us.  After  ascending-  through  the  village  of  Vil- 
lars,  by  a  narrow  and  rugged  road,  we  reached 
the  head  of  the  little  plain  or  valley,  which  termi- 
nates in  an  immense  mass  of  gypsum,  called  the 
Roche  Blanche,  that  rises  on  the  left  bank  of 
the  Reclus.  At  its  base,  this  torrent  escapes  by  a 
deep  rift.  Below  the  Roche  Blanche,  the  valley 
of  the  Reclus  spreads  out  into  meadows  and  pas- 
turages, where  a  rude  chapel  bears  the  name, 
a  common  one  in  the  Alps,  of  Notre  Dame  des 
Neiges.  A  bridge  now  crosses  the  torrent  close  to 
the  Roche  Blanche.     Formerly  the  road  from  the 


VALLEY  OF  THE  RECLUS.  127 

Little  St.  Bernard,  below  the  rock,  followed  the 
course  of  the  stream  on  its  right  bank ;  but  the 
path  was  much  exposed  to  ehoulemens  from  the 
steep  sides  of  Mont  de  Scez.  The  character  of 
this  part  of  the  country  is  entirely  adapted  to  the 
events  of  Hannibal's  passage  as  related  by  Poly- 
bius.  Without  such  o-uides  as  Magillus  and  his 
associates,  the  more  obvious  and  direct  course  up 
the  greater  valley,  the  Val  Isere,  would  have  been 
pursued.  The  whole  way  that  we  had  passed, 
from  the  gorge  of  Haute-Cour,  bore  the  appear- 
ance of  a  course  in  which  the  army  of  Han- 
nibal might  have  been  assailed,  especially  in  a 
spot  close  by  Centron  ;  and  in  the  Mont  de 
Scez.  The  whole  right  bank  of  the  Reclus,  from 
Scez  to  the  Roche  Blanche,  is  commanded  by  a 
height  of  from  200  to  300  feet,  which  slopes  from 
40  to  50  degrees,  whence  missiles  thrown  and 
stones  rolled  down  would  have  been  most  destruc- 
tive to  an  army  passing  below.  Much  of  this 
danger  might  be  avoided  by  traversing  the  plain 
of  Villars,  and  ascending  the  Little  St.  Bernard 
on  the  left  bank  of  the  Reclus,  passing  around 
and  behind  the  Roche  Blanche,  where  a  party 
stationed  to  cover  the  army  might  effectually 
accomplish  its  protection :  this  Polybius  clearly 
states  was  done  by  Hannibal.  Whilst  I  was 
sketching  the  Rock,  a  respectable-looking  man 
on  horseback  stopped,  and,  addressing  me,  said: 


128  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

"That,  sir,  is  the  Roche  Blanche;  formerly  a 
great  general,  called  Hannibal,  passed  this  way 
with  his  army,  and  fought  a  great  battle  here." 
The  inquiry  into  this  historical  event,  to  deter- 
mine the  line  of  Hannibal's  march,  has  carried 
his  name  into  almost  every  pass  of  the  Alps. 
Little  value,  therefore,  can  be  attached  to  tra- 
dition ;  but  its  absence  might  fairly  be  brought 
in  evidence  against  any  theory.  The  examination 
of  the  scenes  connected  with  the  events  of  Han- 
nibal's passage,  was  my  first  inducement  to  under- 
take this  excursion :  it  struck  me  as  odd,  that  none 
of  the  disputants  gave  views  of  the  places  and  ob- 
jects connected  with  those  events,  as  their  fitness, 
without  any  regard  to  the  picturesque,  could  better 
be  shewn  in  a  sketch  than  proved  in  a  volume. 

In  the  surveys  of  this  pass  which  were  made 
under  Napoleon,  in  contemplation  of  the  forma- 
tion of  a  carriage -road  across  the  Little  St.  Ber- 
nard,  the  engineers  were  led  to  decide  upon  the 
old  Roman  road  as  the  intended  line.  Now,  how- 
ever, a  steep  and  fatiguing  zig-zag  path  leads  up 
to  the  village  of  St.  Germains,  where,  in  spite 
of  its  great  elevation,  walnut,  apple,  and  plum- 
trees,  are  found,  and  bear  fruit,  though  scanty  and 
stunted.  Above  St.  Germains  the  road  ascends  gra- 
dually ;  and  as  we  saw  there  was  assistance  enough 
to  bring  forward  the  volantin,  we  proceeded  to- 
wards the  hospice,   and  left  them  to   follow  us. 


HOSPICE  OF  THE  LITTLE  ST.  BERNARD.        129 

From  the  highest  part  of  the  road,  whence  we 
could  look  back  on  the  valley  of  the  Isere,  which 
we  had  ascended  yesterday,  the  scene  was  mag- 
nificent :  Scez  and  St.  Maurice  were  below  us, 
with  the  road  winding  down  to  St.  Germains, 
and  the  side  of  the  Roche  Blanche  overhanging 
the  deep  torrent  of  the  Reclus,  and  beyond  these 
the  "  alps  o'er  alps,"  which  divide  the  Tarentaise 
from  the  Maurienne ;  and  again  we  saw,  and  it 
was  the  most  beautiful  object  in  the  scene,  the 
remarkable  mountain  —  its  form  could  never  be 
mistaken  —  mentioned  in  our  descent  to  Chapiu 
from  the  Bonhomme.*  We  observed  it  also  yes- 
terday, when  opposite  to  the  valley  of  Pesay,  ce- 
lebrated for  its  silver  mines,  which  are  situated 
near  the  glaciers  of  this  mountain,  the  Vanoise. 
High  poles  were  placed  at  certain  intervals  on 
the  road  up  the  Little  St.  Bernard ;  a  necessary 
precaution,  to  point  out  the  path  when  it  is 
deeply  covered  with  snow. 

At  the  hospice,  which  we  reached,  after  much 
loitering,  in  six  hours,  we  found  no  monks,  but  a 
decent  man  and  his  family,  who  fumiished  wine, 
and  bread  and  cheese,  and  meat  if  required,  to 
the  travellers  who  crossed  the  mountain.  His 
wife  was  a  fine  interesting  woman,  who  seemed 
out  of  place  here, — too  gentle  for  her  rugged  and 
exposed   habitation.       She  was  the   only  woman 

*  See  page  28. 
g2 


130  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

that  I  had  seen  look  well  in  the  singular  head- 
dress of  the  Tarentaise,  which  it  is  difficult  to 
describe.  Her  husband  was  a  sturdy  moun- 
taineer. They  had  several  children,  as  hardy  as 
the  lichens  on  their  rocks.  One  little  urchin, 
not  three  years  old,  was  ordered  to  display  his 
vocal  powers,  in  calling  the  cows  from  the  moun- 
tains :  his  loud  and  shrill  shout  was  deafenino-. 
Beds  may,  in  case  of  necessity,  be  had  here ; 
but  the  greater  part  of  the  buildings  of  the  hos- 
pice were  destroyed  in  the  contest  between  the 
French  and  the  Austro- Sardinians,  in  the  year 
1794.  Prior  to  that  time  it  had  been  held  by  some 
monks  of  the  Great  St.  Bernard.  The  man  now  in 
the  occupation  of  it  is  appointed  by  the  Sardinian 
government.  The  poor  traveller  is  assisted  gratis, 
but  those  who  can  afford  to  pay  are  charged  as  at  an 
inn.  Life  in  the  winter  can  scarcely  be  endurable 
here ;  and  we  could  not  help  pitying  the  destiny  of 
our  gentle  hostess. 

The  hospice  is  situated  near  the  brink  of  the 
descent  into  the  Tarentaise,  whence  to  the  other 
extremity  of  the  plain,  which  forms  the  summit 
of  the  pass  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard,  the  distance 
is  about  a  league,  and  its  width  is  about  a  mile ; 
on  each  side  it  is  bounded  by  high  mountains. 
We  rested  at  the  hospice  until  our  party  arrived 
with  the  vehicle,  when,  leaving  them  to  refresh, 
we  started  across  the  col  for  our  descent  into  Pie- 


SUMMIT  OF  THE  LITTLE  ST.  BERNARD.         131 

moDt.  The  great  chain  of  the  Alps  which  passes 
through  the  dominions  of  the  King  of  Sardinia  is 
the  line  of  demarcation  between  Savoy,  which  lies 
on  the  western  side,  and  Piemont,  on  the  eastei'n 
side  of  the  High  Alps. 

At  the  distance  of  nearly  a  mile  from  the  hos- 
pice, on  the  plain  of  the  col,  is  a  column  known 
by  the  name  of  tlie  Colonne  de  Joux.  It  is  a  shaft, 
without  a  capital  or  base,  about  twenty  feet  high, 
and  three  feet  diameter  at  five  feet  from  the  ground ; 
a  small  iron  cross  has  been  stuck  on  the  top,  a 
religious  emblem  which  has,  perhaps,  preserved  the 
column  from  destruction.  It  is  of  the  variety  of 
marble  known  by  the  name  of  Cipolino,  of  which 
great  quantities  are  found  in  the  neighbouring 
mountain  of  the  Cramont.  In  the  scene  from  the 
plain  of  the  Little  St.  Bernard,  Mont  Blanc  is  a  fine 
feature,  as  it  appears  towering  over  the  Cramont 
and  other  intermediate  mountains.  At  the  base 
of  the  nearest  of  these  is  the  little  Lake  of  Vernai, 
which  has  been  described  as  upon  the  Little  St. 
Bernard.  It  is  one  of  the  sources  of  the  Doire, 
and  the  streams  from  the  northern  side  of  this 
pass  flow  into  it.  It,  however,  occupies  no  part  of 
the  plain,  but  lies  at  the  base  of  the  neighbouring 
mountain,  and  far  below  the  commencement  of  the 
descent  to  La  Tuile. 

From  the  northern  extremity  of  the  col  the 
road  winds  down  by  a  difficult  path  amidst  blocks 


132  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

of  tufa,  wliicli  continue  almost  as  far  as  Pont  Ser- 
rant.  This  village,  the  first  on  the  Piemontese 
side  of  the  pass,  owes  its  name  to  a  wooden  bridge 
a  little  below  it,  which  is  thrown  across  a  frightful 
chasm,  where,  at  the  depth  of  250  feet,  the 
torrent  is  seen  foaming  in  its  course  towards  the 
open  valley.  The  ravine  over  which  this  bridge  is 
thrown  is  only  twelve  paces  across  from  rock  to 
rock.  In  approaching  it,  no  appearance  of  a  gulf 
presented  itself,  until  we  were  within  a  few  feet  of 
it,  and  then  it  seemed  more  like  a  haw-haic  in  a 
pleasure-ground.  From  Pont  Serrant  we  soon 
reached  La  Tuile,  by  a  tolerable  mule-road.  We 
had  again  descended  to  cultivation,  and  the  walls 
on  each  side  of  the  road  protected  fields  of  barley. 
We  scarcely  entered  the  village  of  La  Tuile,  which 
lay  on  our  right,  on  the  banks  of  the  torrent  that 
descends  from  the  great  glacier  of  the  Ruitor,  and 
falls  here  into  the  Doire.  Turning  abruptly  to  the 
left,  we  followed  the  stream  a  little  way,  then 
crossing  it,  ascended  far  above  the  river  on  its 
right  bank,  by  a  new  road,  which  has,  within 
these  fifty  years,  been  cut  out  of  the  rock  on  this 
side,  to  avoid  the  danger  of  descending  by  the  old 
road,  which  lay  much  lower  in  the  ravine,  and  on 
the  other  side.  This  is  supposed  to  be  the  site  of 
the  difficulties  that  arose  from  the  snow  which  the 
army  of  Hannibal  encountered  in  its  descent  of 
the  Alps.     There  was  no  snow  now  accumulated 


DESCENT  FROM  THE  LITTLE  ST.  BERNARD.      133 

in  the  ravine ;  but  the  difficulty  of  passing  by  the 
old  road,  when  the  avalanches  from  the  Cramont 
thus  choked  it  up,  can  be  readily  understood  by 
any  one  who  has  observed  the  place. 

Our  route  continued  high  above  the  torrent ; 
but  the  day  closed  rapidly  upon  us.  The  moon- 
light which  brightened  the  upper  parts  of  the 
pine-forest  through  which  we  descended,  served 
only  to  make  the  blackness  of  the  parts  of  the 
ravine  in  shadow  more  intense.  At  length,  by  a 
zig-zag  path  we  sunk  into  the  depths  of  this  glen, 
and  crossed  the  river  at  La  Balme.  On  the  left 
bank,  the  darkness  still  destroyed  all  variety  in 
the  scenery.  A  peasant,  with  a  scythe  on  his 
shoulder,  came  abruptly  upon  us,  and  roused  in 
us  the  suspicion  that  he  was  a  ''  knight  of  the 
moon ;"  but  it  was  unjust.  We  were,  however, 
without  guides,  in  a  strange  land,  and  by  night, 
and  these  may  be  offered  as  excuses  for  the  precau- 
tion of  ascertaining  that  our  pistols  were  in  order. 
After  again  crossing  and  re-crossing  the  Doire, 
we  found  ourselves  high  above  the  torrent,  which, 
even  in  the  stillness  of  the  night,  could  scarcely  be 
heard,  as  it  passed  in  the  deep  abyss  beneath  us, 
and  entered  an  immense  rift,  or  chasm,  in  the 
mountain,  to  seek  its  shortest  course  into  the  valley 
of  Pre  St.  Didier.  We  soon  afterwards  found  our- 
selves descending  by  a  steep  road  ;  the  haze  in  the 
valley  indicated  its  extension  into  the  little  plain 


134  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

of  St.  Didier ;  and  we  soon  afterwards  found  our- 
selves in  the  occupation  of  a  comfortable  fireside  at 
the  Auberge  de  I'Ours. 

16fh.  —  Cries  of  distress  awoke  us  this  morn- 
ing :  the  tolling  of  the  bell,  and  the  evident  pre- 
parations for  a  funeral  by  the  assembled  visitors  in 
white  vestments  over  their  usual  dress,  assured  us 
of  a  village  mortality.  The  answer  to  our  inquiries 
in  the  inn  was,  "  The  mother  of  this  house  is  gone 
to  another  world."  She  had  lived  in  this  auberge 
till  84  years  of  age.  A  numerous  attendance  in 
this  last  public  duty  towards  her  was  evidence  of 
the  regard  in  which  this  village  chronicle  was 
held :  above  ninety  persons  in  funeral  dresses, 
beside  others,  bore  this  testimony  to  their  respect 
for  her  character. 

From  the  windows  of  our  inn  Mont  Blanc 
appeared  in  all  his  majesty  and  magnificence ; 
his  form  was  splendidly  lit  up  by  the  morning 
sun,  his  enduring  and  enormous  snows  and  gla- 
ciers shone  brightly  against  the  deep  blue  of  a 
cloudless  sky  ,•  and  it  was  so  entirely  free  from 
mist,  that  the  liglit  edges  of  the  snow  cut  the 
firmament  as  sharply  as  if  it  had  been  an  object 
of  lesser  magnitude  within  a  few  feet  of  us,  or 
as  if  it  had  been  presented  to  us  without  the  in- 
tervention of  air.  This  grand  and  impressive  view 
of  Mont  Blanc,  seen  from  the  window,  where 
we  also  overlooked  the  villagers  at  their  sad  and 


VILLAGE  FUNERAL BATHS  OF  ST.  DIDIER.    135 

sacred  rites,  was  a  subject  for  a  burst  of  poetical 
feeling  from  such  a  pen  as  Byron's ;  for  the  re- 
flection naturally  swept  o'er  the  mind,  that  Mont 
Blanc,  unchanged  in  countless  ages,  marked,  in 
striking  contrast,  the  endurance  here  of  man  but 
for  a  moment,  though  the  great  age  which  the 
old  landlady  had  attained  was  mentioned  with 
surprise,  respect,  and  gratitude. 

We  were  uneasy  last  night  that  our  volantin 
had  not  arrived  ;  but  this  morning,  about  eight 
o'clock,  we  had  the  satisfaction  of  seeing  it  in 
safety.  Our  things  had  not  suffered  much  from 
the  jolting,  though  they  had  a  little  from  Jean 
Guarda's  geologising :  he  had  collected  some  pieces 
of  coal  near  Gap,  on  his  journey  with  my  friend  ; 
and  as,  he  said,  nobody  in  his  valley  would  be- 
lieve that  "  earth  would  burn  like  a  candle,"  he 
had  taken  some  with  him  to  convince  them  of 
the  wonders  which  he  had  seen  in  his  journey. 
The  men  whom  we  had  hired  to  bring  the  car- 
riage from  St.  Maurice  had  rested  for  the  night 
at  La  Tuile.  Whilst  they  breakfasted  at  St.  Di- 
dier,  my  friend  and  I  walked  to  the  hot  springs 
about  half  a  mile  from  the  village.  The  Doire 
is  crossed  at  the  base  of  some  immense  rocks, 
called  the  Mont  des  Bains,  which  overhang, 
at  an  appalling  height,  the  house  into  which 
the  hot  water  is  conducted  for  the  service  of  the 
invalids.     We  ascended  the  ravine  to  the  source. 


136  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

where  tlie  water  escapes  from  the  sj)ring  at  a  tem- 
perature of  above  90  degrees.  We  were  surprised 
to  see  a  frog  enjoying  himself  in  the  warm  stream. 
Close  to  this  spring,  the  torrent  of  the  Doire  issues 
from  the  deep  rift  in  the  mountains  into  which 
we  last  night  observed  that  it  entered.  The  view 
of  Mont  Blanc,  the  Geant,  the  Grand  Jorasse,  and 
the  pinnacles,  glaciers,  and  snows,  of  this  most 
elevated  portion  of  the  great  chain,  seen  from  the 
baths,  is  magnificent  beyond  description. 

About  ten  o'clock  we  left  Pre  St.  Didier,  and 
soon  after,  crossing  by  a  good  bridge  the  waters  of 
the  Doire  which  descend  from  Mont  Blanc,  entered 
again  upon  our  route  of  the  18ih  of  August,  in 
the  valley  of  Aosta,  between  Coui'mayeur  and 
Morges.  On  our  way  through  La  Salle,  we  saw 
our  dirty  old  acquaintance  at  the  "  Rose  a  bon 
logis;"  we  reminded  her  of  the  "  dodizy  liri," 
but  resisted  her  coaxing  invitations  to  renew  our 
enjoyments  at  her  house.  A  char-a-banc,  with 
two  Englishmen,  followed  us  closely  as  we  de- 
scended the  valley;  and  upon  resting  on  our  route, 
under  a  trellis  of  vines  in  front  of  an  inn,  to 
refresh  our  horse,  they  rested  also.  Our  guide 
said,  with  surjirise,  **  They  are  your  counti'ymen, 
and  you  have  not  spoken  to  them — what  queer 
people  you  are !"  I  excused  our  reluctance  to 
make  the  acquaintance  of  our  countrymen  abroad, 
from  our  ignorance  of  their  characters  at  home, 


AOSTA.  137 

and  from  our  conviction,  that  many  of  them 
pass  their  time  at  liberty,  out  of  England,  whose 
peregrinations  at  home  would  be  confined  to  the 
wards  of  a  prison,  either  upon  the  felon's  or  the 
debtor's  side.  Jean  thought  our  suspicions  unrea- 
sonable ;  and  as  they  laid  no  restraint  upon  him, 
he  made  their  acquaintance  at  once,  and  assured 
us  afterwards  that  they  were  braves  homines. 

We  arrived  early  enough  at  Aosta  to  take  a 
peep  again  at  the  Roman  remains.  Thanks  to 
our  guide,  he  had  taken  us  to  the  Ecu  de  Valais, 
and  we  thus  avoided  the  dirty  Hotel  de  la  Poste, 
of  which  we  had  some  unpleasant  recollections. 
It  happened  that  our  fellow-travellers,  but  not 
companions,  had  arrived  also  at  our  hotel,  and  we 
were  requested,  by  a  buxom  servant  girl,  to  join 
them  at  dinner ;  to  this  we  acceded,  and  an  ac- 
quaintance was  made,  where  we  had  before  been, 
of  course,  mutually  shy.  They  were,  a  major  in 
the  English  service  going  to  Turin,  and  a  Scotch 
clergyman,  Mr.  C,  who  was  going  by  the  Great 
St.  Bernard  to  Geneva.  We  passed  a  short  time 
with  them  very  pleasantly,  thanks  to  the  girl  who 
brought  us  together :  her  object  had  been  to  save 
trouble,  and  gain  profit,  by  waiting  upon  one 
party  instead  of  two,  and  making  the  dinner  pre- 
pared for  two  serve  for  four.  Jean  Guarda  ap- 
peared to  be  perfectly  at  home  here ;  our  hostess 
happened  to  be  related  to  him,  and  Jean  was  a 


138  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

little  in  the  family  secrets;  for  he  made  some  pro- 
voking inquiries  of  our  buxom  attendant  about 
her  frequent  visits  to  the  hospice  of  St.  Bernard; 
he  said  that  she  never  missed  a  fete,  and  often 
made  one ;  and  joked  her,  without  much  refine- 
ment, about  her  acquaintance  with  the  prior. 
His  insinuations,  which  we  could  not  misunder- 
stand, brought  into  her  countenance  an  odd  mix- 
ture of  blushes  and  effrontery.  We  shall  here 
have  to  part  with  our  worthy  conductor,  who  has 
been  to  us  most  obliging,  attentive,  and  amusing. 
We  have  hired  a  char-a-banc  to  take  us  to  St. 
Remy  to-morrow  morning,  on  our  way  to  the 
Great  St.  Bernard. 


139 


CHAPTER  IX. 

Ascent  to  the  Great  St.  Bernard  —  Hospice  —  Courtesies  and 
Character  of  the  Monks — Their  Resources — Travellers  — 
Records  of  Visitors  in  the  Travellers'  Book  —  The  Chapel 
— The  Morgue — Scene  from  the  Hospice  —  Temple  of 
Jupiter  —  Ancient  History  of  the  Pass  —  Foundation  of 
the  Hospice — Its  History  in  the  Middle  Ages — Present 
State. 

Sept.  \ltli. — Jean  Guarda  returned  this  morn- 
ing to  his  home  at  Chatillon,  driving  the  major 
down  the  valley ;  our  new  Scotch  friend  had  started 
before  us  on  horseback  for  the  hospice.  On  our 
leaving  the  valley  of  Aosta,  we  again  met  with 
some  horridly  goitred  objects  ;  to  escape  from  them 
lessened  our  regret  on  leaving  the  beautiful  Val 
d'Aosta,  peopled  as  it  is  by  a  filthy  race,  upon 
whom  a  physical  blight  seems  to  have  fallen ;  and 
the  impolicy  of  the  Sardinian  government  with- 
holds the  only  chance  of  remedy,  the  formation  of 
a  good  road  over  the  Little  St.  Bernard,  which,  by 
opening  a  free  communication  between  Piemont 
and  Savoy,  both  within  its  territories,  would,  by 
giving  them  more  employment  and  property,  and 
the  example  of  the  cleaner  and  healthier  habits  of 
other  people,  remove  the  chief,  if  not  the  only 


140  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

cause  of  their  physical  debility — a  sort  of  hydro- 
phobia— a  hatred  of  water  and  cleanliness. 

There  is  little  to  interest  in  the  scenery  from 
Aosta  to  the  hospice,  except  the  beautiful  view  on 
looking  back  upon  the  city,  where  it  lies  deeply 
seated  in  its  valley,  and  surrounded  by  lofty  moun- 
tains, especially  that  of  the  Soana,  whose  snows 
were  now  resplendent  in  the  morning  sun.  Near 
St.  Gignod  we  had  a  fine  peep  into  the  Val  Pellina; 
but  the  rest  of  the  road  to  St.  Remy  was  unin- 
teresting. At  Etroubles  our  passports  were  ex- 
amined, before  our  departure  from  the  states  of 
Sardinia.  The  road  to  the  hospice  is  practicable 
for  a  char,  even  to  its  doors  ;  but  as  it  is  very 
steep  above  St.  Remy,  mules  are  usually  pro- 
vided. This  is  desirable  where  parties  return  the 
same  day  to  St.  Remy,  as  the  horse  from  Aosta 
then  rests  at  St.  Remy  until  the  return  of  the 
travellers;  and,  in  general,  the  passage  of  the 
mountain  is  so  frequent,  that  the  conductors  of 
return  chars  to  Aosta  wait  as  late  as  possible  for 
the  chance  of  employment  back.  At  St.  Remy  we 
had  refreshment  of  excellent  wine,  eggs,  bread,  and 
butter,  and  served  by  a  beautiful  little  girl,  the 
daughter  of  the  innkeeper — an  Ariel  among  the 
Calibans  of  her  village.  Whilst  we  took  refresh- 
ment, mules  were  sought  for :  they  are  usually  at 
hand,  but  to-day  they  were  all  employed  in  gather- 
ing in  the  harvest,  or  in  bringing  wine  from  Aosta  : 


ASCENT  TO  THE  GREAT  ST.  BERNARD.  141 

however,  in  about  an  hour  two  were  procured;  for 
a  charge  of  six  francs,  they  were  to  take  us  to 
the  hospice  ;  or  if  we  chose  to  retain  them  to 
proceed  to  Liddes,  on  the  Valais  side  of  the  moun- 
tain, to-morrow,  we  are  to  pay  eighteen  francs. 

On  leaving  St.  Remy,  a  boll  was  necessary 
for  the  mules,  as  at  Cesanne ;  but  the  prepose 
was  very  civil.  I  endeavoured  to  acknowledge 
this  by  a  piece  of  money,  which  he  surprised  me 
by  refusing :  we  began  to  think  that  their  inci- 
vility at  Val  Tournanche  was  an  exception  to 
their  general  character  in  Piemont.  We  ascended 
through  scenes  of  great  wildness,  and  entered  the 
plain  of  the  Vacherie,  where  the  cattle  of  the  hos- 
pice pasture.  A  road  winds  around  this  place,  to 
render  the  ascent  to  the  summit  more  gradual :  on 
attaining  it,  we  suddenly  entered  a  gorge  at  a  great 
elevation,  whence  the  mountains,  rising  above  each 
other,  present  to  the  observer  a  sublime  panorama. 
Here  we  saw  the  hospice,  on  the  opposite  side  of 
the  lake,  which  is  formed  in  a  basin  on  the  sum- 
mit of  this  pass.  The  establishment  occupies  the 
actual  crest,  at  an  elevation  of  about  8,200  En- 
glish feet  above  the  level  of  the  sea. 

We  dismounted  to  make  sketches  of  the  scene 
where  the  lake  lay  between  us  and  the  hospice ; 
the  Mont  Velan,  ribbed  with  glaciers,  formed  the 
background  to  our  view.  Whilst  we  were  thus 
engaged,  Mr.  C,  the  Scotch  clergyman,  who  had 


142  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

reached  the  hospice  sometime  before,  came  down 
to  Avelcome  us,  and  was  rewarded  with  some- 
thing which  brought  tears  in  his  eyes,  from  its 
strenoth,  or  the  associations  with  home  wliich  it 
excited — a  drop  of  real  Glenhvet,  which  my  friend 
has  still  saved,  out  of  all  its  waste  and  perils,  to 
drink  to  those  at  home  on  the  last  summit  of  the 
Alps  which  we  should  cross  this  year.  The  time 
had  arrived,  and  our  new  friend  was  a  welcome 
and  gratified  participator  in,  probably,  the  only 
whisky  that  was  ever  drank  on  the  Great  St. 
Bernard. 

The  scene  around  us  was  nearly  closed  in  by 
mountains,  peaks,  and  I'ocks,  which  descend  even 
to  the  hospice  :  upon  the  latter  of  these,  bordei-ing 
the  lake,  lay  large  patches  of  snow,  from  which  it 
is  rarely  free  throughout  the  year.     The  spot  was 
wild  beyond  imagination,  and  combined  features 
of  the  sublime  and  the  beautiful,  to  which  we  were 
impatient   to    add  a  third  —  the  social — which, 
even  in  this  wilderness  in  the  clouds,  we  received 
from  the  kind  and  gentlemanly  attentions  of  the 
monks  of  St.  Bernard.     They  were  at  their  duties 
in  the  chapel   when  we    entered  ;    but  we  were 
welcomed  by  a  fine,  respectable-looking  servant, 
Victor,  who  realised  the  proverb,    "  like  master 
like  man;"  —  he  was  one  of  the  fittest  precursors 
to  their  hospitality  that  I  ever  saw.      In  a  few 
minutes  he  placed  refreshment  before  us,  and  said 


RECEPTION  AT  THE  HOSPICE.  143 

that  we  should  be  expected  at  six  o'clock  to  sup 
with  the  brethren.  The  decent,  unpretending  kind- 
ness of  this  welcome  delighted  us.  We  were  soon 
after  greeted  by  some  of  the  monks  :  and  sur- 
prised to  see  them  all  young  men,  at  least  none 
were  forty.  We  learnt  that  they  volunteer  into 
this  kind  and  devoted  service  at  eighteen  years  of 
age  :  their  vows  are  for  fifteen  years  to  this  duty ; 
but  few  are  robust  enough  to  bear  the  severities  of 
the  winter  at  this  height,  without  feeling  their 
effects  in  broken  constitutions  and  ruined  health. 

In  the  summer  of  1816  the  ice  of  the  lake 
never  melted,  and  not  a  week  passed  without  snow 
fallino-  :  the  severest  cold  recorded  was  29  deg. 
below  the  zero  of  Fahrenheit, — -it  has  often  been 
observed  at  18  and  20  deg.  below.  The  greatest 
heat  has  been  68  deg.  of  Fahrenheit ;  but  even  in 
the  height  of  summer  it  always  freezes  early  in 
the  morning.  The  hospice  is  rarely  four  months 
clear  of  snow  :  its  average  depth  around  the  build- 
ing is  seven  or  eight  feet,  and  sometimes  the 
drifts  accumulate  to  the  height  of  forty  feet  against 
the  hospice.  The  entrance,  for  this  reason,  is  at- 
tained by  a  flight  of  steps,  which  lead  to  what 
may  be  called  the  first  floor ;  below,  are  the 
stables,  store-i'ooms  for  wood,  &c.  This  leads  to 
a  corridor,  and  thence  into  various  oflices ;  on  the 
floor  above,  another  corridor  leads  to  the  chapel, 
the  refectory,  the  separate  chambers  for  the  re- 


144  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

ligieux,  and  extensive  accommodation  for  travel- 
lers, in  which  the  neatness  and  comfort  of  the 
arrangements  add  greatly  to  an  Englishman's 
enjoyment  of  his  reception.  One  chamber  is 
devoted  to  visitors,  especially  the  ladies  ;  it  may 
be  considered  as  the  drawing-room  of  the  esta- 
blishment. To  decorate  this  room,  travellers  have 
presented  to  the  hospice  prints  and  drawings,  and 
even  a  pianoforte  has  been  added  to  tlie  means  of 
enjoyment  here.  A  cabinet  is  attached  to  this 
chamber,  which  contains  collections  made  by  the 
monks  of  the  plants  and  minerals  around  the 
Great  St.  Bernard,  and  antiques  from  the  ruins  of 
the  Temple  of  .Jupiter,  which  formerly  stood  on 
this  mountain.  These  consist  of  votive  tablets  and 
figures  in  bronze  and  other  metals,  arms,  and 
coins,  and  are  a  great  resource  to  the  visitors  at 
the  hospice,  if  the  weather  should  be  unfavourable 
enough  to  detain  them  within  its  walls. 

The  perilous  passage  of  these  mountains  is 
more  frequently  undertaken  in  the  winter  than  is 
generally  imagined  :  it  is  difficult  to  conceive  the 
necessity  or  urgency  of  affairs  which  can  lead  per- 
sons, at  such  a  season,  through  such  scenes  of 
danger.  They  are  generally  pedlars  or  smug- 
glers, who  mount  the  pass  from  either  side,  in 
defiance  of  the  snows,  tourmentes,  and  avalanches 
of  these  high  regions.  During  the  severe  cold  of 
winter  the  snow  at  this  elevation  forms  and  falls 


AVALANCHES.  145 

like  dust ;  it  congeals  so  soon,  and  so  hard,  that 
the  particles  do  not  attach  and  form  flakes  when 
they  touch,  as  in  lower  regions  ;   and  instead  of 
consolidating  beneath  the  pressure  of  the  travel- 
ler's feet,   they  rise  around  him  in  powder,  and 
he  sinks  to  his  middle.    These  snow-storms,  when 
accompanied  by  violent  winds,   are    called   tour- 
raentes,  and  are  often  fatal  to  the  poor  wretches 
who  encounter  them;  unable  then  to  trace  the  path, 
they  wander  and  fall  over  precipices.    The  avalan- 
ches, too,  take  their  share  of  victims.    The  summer 
avalanche  is  caused  by  the  submelting  of  the  snow, 
which  undermines  its  support;  and  the  mass,  once 
set  in  motion,  descends  with  great  violence.     The 
avalanches  of  winter  are  occasioned  by  the  masses 
of  snow  accumulating  on  the  slopes  of  the  moun- 
tains, where  it  is  too  dry  to  attach  firmly;  and  when 
the  weight  of  snow  exceeds  the  supporting  resistance 
of  the  surface  of  the  ground,  it  slides  off  into  the 
valley    below,   with    a   suddenness    and    violence 
which  the  monks  who  described  it  compared  to 
the  discharge  of  a  cannon-ball :  these  are  the  sort 
of  avalanches  which  in  the  winter  render  the  ap- 
proach to  the  hospice  very  dangerous.     Near  the 
convent  the  mountains  are  steep,  and  the  traveller 
is    exposed    to    almost    certain    destruction,   if  an 
avalanche   fall   whilst    he    passes ;    and    the  poor 
wretch,  buried  beneath   the   mass,  is  found   only 
when  the  snow  melts,  and  the  summer,  which 

H 


146  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

to  him  never  returns,  discovers  the  victim  in  these 
regions    of  Avinter.       Under    every   circumstance 
in  which   it  is  possible  to  render  assistance,  the 
worthy  monks  of  St.  Bernard  set  out  upon  their 
reguLarly  appointed  duties.      Undismayed  by  the 
spirit  of  the  storm,  and  obeying  a  higher  Power, 
tliey  seek,   amidst  the  greatest  dangers,  the  ex- 
hausted or  overvvhehned  traveller  ;  they  are  gene- 
rally accompanied  by  their  dogs.     The  sagacity  of 
these  animals  is  so  extraordinary,  that  they  too, 
as  if  conscious  of  their  performing  a  high  duty, 
will  roam   alone   the   day   and   night  through  in 
those  desolate  regions,  discover  the  victim  buried 
in   the   snow,   and   lie    on   him   and   lick   him  to 
impart  warmth.     They  bear  with  them  some  re- 
freshing liqueur  around  their  necks  for  the  poor 
traveller  whom  they  may  find,  if  he  should  have 
still  sense  enough  left  to  use  it;  they  then  bark 
or  howl  —  their   signals   for   assistance,  or,  if  the 
distance  be  too  great,  return  to  seek  it.      These 
valuable  and  noble  animals  have  often  deserved 
gold  collars  from  the  Humane  Society.     At  present 
there  are  only  four  of  these  dogs  at  the  convent. 
Not  long  since  a  mortality  prevailed  among  them, 
and  they  had  almost  become  extinct. 

The  number  of  resident  monks  is  now  twelve  : 
they  all,  except  the  principal,  work  at  the  com- 
mon duties  of  their  establishment ;  they  have  five 
or    six   resident  domestics,    besides    some    at   the 


SUPPER  AT  THE  CONV^ENT.  147 

vacherie,  and  in  other  services  of  the  hospice.  The 
religious  order  of  the  monks  on  the  St.  Bernard  is 
that  of  St.  Augustin,  of  which  the  distinguishing 
badge  is  a  white  narrow  band,  with  an  open  slit 
some  way  along  the  middle.  This  is  passed  over 
the  head,  and  hangs  like  a  chain  from  the  shoul- 
ders ;  the  ends  are  tucked,  before  and  behind,  into 
a  black  broad  girdle,  which  is  worn  round  the 
middle.  Their  dress  is  a  long  black  cloth  tunic, 
with  sleeves  which  fit  close.  On  the  head  they 
wear  a  pyramidal  cap  with  a  tuft  at  the  top  :  the 
whole  dress  is  gentlemanly  and  becoming. 

At  supper  we  were  placed  at  the  head  of  the 
table  ;  it  was  Friday  ;  the  soup,  though  maigre, 
was  excellent — the  fish,  pieces  of  salt  cod,  dressed 
with  cream  and  currants,  delicious  omelettes, 
cheese  and  fruit,  completed  our  repast.  The  vin 
ordinaire  was  good,  and  an  extra  bottle  was 
served  to  us  of  some  delicious  Italian  wine. 
Their  courteous  and  polite  attentions  to  their 
guests  were  those  which  would  indicate  more 
social  intercourse  with  the  world  than  they  can 
have  had;  and  we  received  this  kindness,  in 
regions  otherwise  inhospitable,  from  men  whose 
habits  might  have  been  monkish  and  secluded, 
instead  of  their  being  the  dispensers  of  such  re- 
freshing and  unexpected  manna  as  they  offered 
to  us  in  this  wilderness.  The  conversation  at 
table  was  genei-al  and  most  rational.     It  had  no 


]48  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

restraint  but  in  the  respect  which  their  characters 
and  conduct  commanded.     Their  information  was 
more  extensive  than  I  had  expected  to  find  it  upon 
the  state  of  literature  and  science   in   the  workl 
they  had  left.    This  they  derive  from  the  periodical 
works   of  some  academic   bodies  which  are   sent 
to  them  :  they  have  a  small  library,  principally 
composed  of  theological  works.      Much  of  their 
knowledge  is  acquired  by  their  intercourse  with 
their  visitors,  which  during  the  short  summer  at 
the  hospice  is  extensive,  and,  among  the  crowd, 
many    respectable    and  well-informed    travellers 
furnish  them  with  information.     There  is  a  pro- 
priety in  their  inquiries,  and  an  apparent  interest 
in  the  affairs  of  mankind  in  their  conversation, 
which,  except   that   it  is   entirely   free  fi'om   dis- 
content and  affectation,  would  induce  the  traveller 
to  imagine  that  their  cells  sometimes  heard  their 
sighs  for  a  freer  intercourse  with  the  world.     In 
reply  to  some  questions  which  I  put  to  the  prior 
about   the   state   of  their   funds,  and    the    report 
which   had    prevailed   in    England    that    the   ab- 
sence of  Napoleon   from  the  political  world  had 
lessened    their    resources,    he    informed    me    that 
their  finances  were  now  in  a  flourishing  condition, 
and   that   Buonaparte   rather   impoverished   than 
enriched  them.     It  is   true  that  he  had  assisted 
them  with  donations ;  but  his  claims  upon  them 
for  the  purveyance   of  his  soldiers  had  exceeded 


ENGLISH  ARRIVALS.  149 

these  benefits  —  they  had  had  40  men  quartered 
upon  them  for  months  together,  and  60,000  had 
passed  by  the  hospice  and  been  assisted  in  one 
year.  Now,  however,  the  prior  said,  their  re- 
sources were  increasing :  the  peace  of  Europe 
enabled  those  strangers  to  visit  the  hospice  who 
travelled  for  pleasure,  and  could  afFoi'd  to  aid 
their  funds.  Those  who  can  pay,  though  no  charge 
is  made,  usually  deposit  something  in  the  box 
in  the  chapel  of  the  convent,  which  is  rarely 
less  than  the  parties  would  have  paid  at  an  inn; 
the  poor  traveller  is  always  fed  and  lodged 
gratis. 

After  our  arrival  to-day,  not  fewer  than  ten 
other  visitors  reached  the  hospice  in  three  par- 
ties. An  English  young  married  couple,  with  two 
friends,  passing  the  honeymoon  in  Switzerland 
and  Savoy — an  Englishman  and  his  wife,  with 
their  children,  a  son  and  daughter,  about  twelve 
or  fourteen  years  old.  These  remained  in  the 
drawing-room,  an  apartment  particularly  appro- 
priated to  their  visitors  when  there  were  ladies  in 
the  party.  We  did  not  visit  them,  as  for  once  we 
preferred  the  society  of  the  monks.  The  third  party 
was  an  intolerable  young  puppy,  an  Englishman ; 
he  came  with  his  servant,  who  wore  the  dress  of 
a  courier.  This  precious  specimen  of  the  worst 
produce  of  our  country,  entered  the  room  with 
vulgar  discourtesy,  as  if  he  had  done  the  hospice 


150  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

prodigious  honour  in  condescending  to  come  there 
at  all ;  returned  uncivil  looks  to  the  proffered 
kindness  of  the  monks,  flung  himself  into  an  arm- 
chair, and  giving  to  another  the  honour  of  sup- 
porting his  legs,  wrapt  himself  up  in  his  ignorant, 
or,  as  he  of  course  thought,  dignified  silence, 
until  his  servant  entered  to  tell  him  that  his  room 
and  refreshment  were  ready,  when  he  ordered  a 
fire  in  his  chamber.  This  almost  upset  the  tran- 
quillity of  the  kind-hearted  principal,  who,  after 
the  puppy  had  retired,  hinted  to  us,  with  more 
delicacy  than  the  object  deserved,  that  the  last 
was  the  heaviest  claim  he  could  make  upon  their 
hospitality,  as  the  difficulty  of  procuring  fuel  is 
very  great.  The  whole  hospice  is  warmed  by  an 
apparatus  which  renders  particular  fires  at  this 
season  unnecessary  in  the  chambers :  it  certainly 
was  not  needed  by  the  young  and  healthy  cox- 
comb who  had  ordered  what  ought  to  have  been 
reserved  for  an  invalid,  the  traveller  in  winter, 
or  to  render  more  endurable  to  themselves  the 
severities  of  the  awful  situation  to  which  they  were 
generously  devoted  for  the  service  of  others.  Not 
a  bush  is  to  be  found  near  the  hospice,  and  the 
wood  for  its  service  is  obtained  from  the  forest  of 
Ferret,  a  distance  of  nearly  four  leagues.  The 
consumption  of  wood  is  very  great ;  for  at  the 
hospice,  owing  to  its  great  elevation,  water  boils 
at  a  temperature  considerably  less  than  on  a  level 


travellers'  book.  151 

with  the  sea :  this  is  so  unfavourable  for  the  con- 
coction of  meat,  that  it  requires  longer  boiling, 
and,  of  course,  a  greater  quantity  of  fuel  is  con- 
sumed. 

One  of  tlie  parties  arrived  late,  between  nine 
and  ten  o'clock.  The  night  was  calm  and  beauti- 
tiful,  and  so  warm  for  this  elevation,  that  we  en- 
joyed looking  out  of  the  window  upon  the  still  and 
deep  and  solemn  scene  which  surrounded  us.  One 
of  the  brethren  said,  "  There  is  company  ascend- 
ing the  mountain  on  the  Swiss  side ;"  but,  silent  as 
the  grave  as  every  thing  was  around  us,  our  ears 
were  not  susceptible  of  such  nice  distinctions  of 
sound  :  he  said  that  they  were  very  distant.  He 
was  right :  the  party  with  the  children  arrived  long 
enough  after  to  astonish  us  at  the  perception  which 
he  must  have  had  of  their  approach. 

A  book  at  the  hospice  contains  an  amusing  re- 
cord of  visitors,  characters,  and  opinions.  Here  it 
has  been  kept  for  several  years ;  and  I  hope  that  it 
may  long  be  sacred,  and  that  the  practice  of  steal- 
ing autographs  will  never  extend  its  sacrilege  to 
the  convent  of  the  Great  St.  Bernard.  It  has,  how- 
ever, been  done  to  such  an  extent  in  other  places, 
that  whole  books  have  been  stolen  ;  and  an  entire 
one  can  scarcely  now  be  found  upon  the  usual 
routes  of  travellers,  where,  only  three  years  ago, 
no  person  dared  to  detach  a  leaf.  At  St.  Martin's, 
Salenches,  Chamouny,  &c.  the  visitors'  books  have 


152  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

been  violated  for  autographs,  with  the  same  reck- 
lessness that  certain  illustrators  tore  out  portraits 
and  effigies,  some  time  ago,  from  printed  works, 
to  gratify  a  mania,  for  which  they  deserved  the 
galleys. 

The    travellers'   book    on  the  St.    Bernard    is 
a   source    of  amusement   to    all    visitors.       Here 
the  divine,   the    actor,    the  man    of  science,    the 
merchant,  the  man  of  rank,  and  the  idler,  have 
united    in    a    general     acknowledgment    of  the 
urbanity  of  these  kind-hearted  monks,  whose  pro- 
fession is  humanity,  and  who  practise  true  Christ- 
ianity.      The    divine    has    done  justice    to    their 
worth,   by  forgetting  his  prejudices  against  their 
religious    precepts    in   a    recorded    admiration    of 
their  practised  duties  ;   an  actor,  charmed  by  their 
cheerfulness,  leaves  in  the  book  his  avowal  that 
he  has  passed  at  the  Great  St.  Bernard  "  the  hap- 
piest day  of  his  life;"*  the  philosopher's  memo- 
rial thanks  them  for  the  kind  interest  which  they 
took,  and  the  assistance  which  they  rendered  him 
in  some  delicate  scientific  experiments  ;  the  mer- 
chant who  visits  them  in  his  six  weeks'  journey  of 
pleasure,  writes  ditto  to  some  praise  of  their  kind- 
ness; and  the  painter,  the  poet,  and  the  lord,  leave 
their  sketches,  verses,  and  names,  in  the  universal 
desire  to  acknowledge  their  gratification  and  their 
thanks.  What  execration  then  does  that  selfish  being 
*  Kean's  autograph. 


TOMB  OF  DESSAIX THE  MORGUE.  153 

deserve  who  can  rob  a  thousand  persons  of  the  plea- 
sure of  reading  these  memorials  in  their  original 
locality  !  Yet  some  have  even  been  found  to  boast 
of  their  luck  in  possessing  such  stolen  autographs, 
without  blushing  for  the  heartless  thefts  by  which 
they  had  been  obtained. 

We  retired  early  to  rest.  The  chamber  in  which 
we  slept  was  long  and  narrow  ;  it  contained  three 
excellent  beds,  with  curtains,  and  double  windows. 
Every  thing  was  clean  to  Flemish  niceness ;  and 
even  some  of  the  usual  requisites  of  an  English 
toilet  were  placed  on  the  table. 

'[^th. —  We  arose  early,  visited  the  chapel,  and 
dropped  our  donations  into  the  box.  The  princi- 
pal object  of  visitors  in  the  chapel,  is  the  tomb  of 
Desj^aix,  who  fell  at  Marengo.  It  was  placed  here 
by  order  of  Napoleon,  who  is  said  to  have  laid  the 
first  stone ;  and  ordered  a  medal  to  be  struck  in 
commemoration  of  the  hero  :  the  cenotaph  erected 
on  the  spot  where  he  fell  has  been  removed  by 
the  Sardinian  government,  to  the  dishonour  of 
the  violators. 

Before  our  departure  from  the  hospice  we 
visited  the  morgue,  a  little  stone  hovel,  the  re- 
ceptacle of  the  dead  :  it  is  a  few  yards  only  from 
the  hospice.  Here  the  bodies  of  the  unfortunate 
people  who  have  perished  in  these  mountains  have 
been  placed,  left  with  their  clothes  on,  to  assist  the 
recognition  by  their  friends,  if  they  have  any.     In 

H  2 


154  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

these  high  regions  there  is  scarcely  soil    enough 
to  bury  them ;  and  it  is  impossible  to  break  it  up 
where  the  frosts  are  so  intense.     Here  they  have 
been  placed  just  as  they  were  found  ;   and  upon 
looking  through  the  grated  windows,  the  bodies 
are  seen  in  the  postures  in  which  they  perished. 
Here  they  have  "  dried  up  and  withered  ;"  for  the 
evaporation  is  so  rapid  at  this  height,  that  the  foul- 
ness of  mortality  is  less  offensive  than  in  warmer 
situations;  and  the  bodies  are  long  preserved ,  owing 
to  their  having  dried  without  decay.     Upon  some 
the  clothes  had    remained   after    eighteen  years, 
though  tattered  like  a  gibl^et-wardrobe.     Some  of 
these  bodies  presented  a  horrid  aspect ;  part  of  the 
bones  of  the  head  were  exposed   and   blanched, 
whilst  black  inteafuments  were  attached  to  other 
parts  of  the  face :  we  particularly  remarked  this 
in  a  sitting  peasant.   A  mother  and  her  child  were 
among  the  latest  victims ;  several  bodies  were  stand- 
ing against  the  wall,  upon  the  accumulated  heaps 
of  miserable  predecessors,  presenting  an  appaling 
scene.     This  receptacle  contained  two  chambers; 
the  air  freely  traversed  both,  without  bearing  to 
the  nostrils  of  the  observer  at  the  grate  the  foul 
evidence    of  its  transition  through  these  dreadful 
regions  of  the  dead.     On  one  side  of  the  cells  was 
a  walled  enclosure,  where  there  was  a  great  accu- 
mulation of  bones,  white,  broken,  and  apparently 
the  gathering  of  ages.     They  might  be  removed 


SITUATION  OF  THE  HOSPICE.  155 

and  buried  in  the  summer ;  but  they  are  left  to 
their  long  decay  by  the  monks,  probably  from  a 
religious  feeling,  to  have  before  them  these  me- 
morials of  mortality. 

The  conv^ent  is  massive,  strong,  and  well  adapted 
to  its  perilous  situation,  which  is  on  the  very  highest 
point  of  the  pass,  where  it  is  exposed  to  tremendous 
storms  from  the  north-east  and  south-west.  On  the 
north-west  it  is  sheltered  by  the  Mont  Chenelletaz, 
and  in  an  opposite  direction  by  the  Mont  Mort. 
There  is  no  mountain  which  bears  the  name  of  the 
St.  Bernard.  Like  that  of  the  St.  Gothard,  the 
name  is  only  given  to  the  pass.  The  chief  building- 
is  capable  of  accommodating  70  or  80  travellers 
with  beds :  300  may  be  sheltered  ;  and  between 
500  and  600  have  received  assistance  in  one  day. 
Besides  this,  there  is  a  house  near  the  hospice  on 
the  other  side  of  the  way ;  it  was  built  as  a  place 
of  refuge  in  case  of  fire — an  event  which  has  twice 
happened  here  since  the  foundation  of  the  esta- 
blishment. It  bears  the  name  of  the  Hotel  de 
St.  Louis,  which  was  given  in  compliment  to  the 
kings  of  France,  whose  protection  was  often  ex- 
tended to  the  hospice.  It  is  chiefly  used  for 
offices,  and  by  the  domestics  of  the  establishment. 

Looking  back  towards  the  valley  of  Aosta,  the 
scene  is  sterile  and  dreary :  patches  of  snow  lie  all 
the  year  round  on  the  rocky  slopes  which  s^^■eep 
down    from    the    mountains    to    the    lake    of  the 


156  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

hospice ;  and  beyond  its  waters,  and  over  the  unseen 
valley  of  the  vacherie,  the  pinnacled  summit  of 
the  Pain  de  Sucre,  with  its  rocks  and  snows,  add 
to  the  dreary  aspect  of  the  scene.  About  half-way 
on  the  road  which  borders  the  lake,  a  column 
stands,  which  now  marks  the  frontiers  of  Piemont 
and  the  Valais.  Above  and  beyond  it  lies  the 
little  plain,  or  rather  platform,  for  plain  conv'eys 
an  idea  of  extent  which  does  not  properly  apply 
to  a  spot  scarcely  larger  than  sufficient  for  the 
site  of  the  Temple  dedicated  to  Jupiter,  which 
formerly  stood  here  ;  its  foundations  may  still  be 
traced.  From  it  a  Roman  road  led  down  on 
the  Piemontese  side  of  the  pass.  There  are  re- 
mains of  the  massive  pavement  of  this  road, 
and  it  may  be  traced  also  in  the  hewn  rock  ; 
but  of  the  temple  itself  not  a  vestige  remains 
above  the  surface.  The  period  of  its  foundation  is 
unknown ;  but  many  of  the  bronze  votive  tablets 
which  have  been  found  in  its  ruins  a})pear  to 
be  of  great  antiquity :  they  were  placed  in  the 
temple  and  on  tlie  altars  by  travellers,  in  grati- 
tude for  their  escape  from  perils  in  their  journey 
across  these  Alps.  Some  are  inscribed  to  a 
god  Penninus,  others  to  Jupiter.  This  differ- 
ence arose  proljably  from  the  nation  of  the  de- 
votee ;  for  when  the  Romans  became  acquainted 
with  this  pass,  the  worship  of  Jupiter  for  that 
of  Penninus  was    a    change   only  in  name,   and 


TEMPLE  OF  JUPITER.  157 

Penninus  was  preserved  with  that  of  Jupiter  after 
they  had  extended  their  conquests  beyond  these 
Alps.  The  religious  worship,  if  not  the  temple,  had 
long-  been  established  upon  these  heights.  From 
the  fragments,  however,  which  have  been  found  of 
the  temple,  it  appears  to  have  been  a  Roman  work 
of  a  time  probably  not  earlier  than  that  of  Au- 
gustus. Under  the  younger  Constantine,  in  the 
year  339,  a  military  column  was  substituted  for 
the  statue  of  Jupiter  ;  but  this  was  not,  probably, 
the  period  of  the  destruction  of  the  temple ;  for 
medals  of  the  children  of  Theodosius  have  been 
found  there  of  a  date  fifty  years  later.  Chretien 
de  Logos,  in  his  Essais  Historiques  siir  le  3Iont 
St.  Bernard,  has  conjectured  that  the  temple  was 
destroyed  by  the  Huns  and  Vandals  during  their 
ravages  ;  for  it  was  not  in  existence  when  the 
Lombards  traversed  these  Alps  in  the  year  574. 

The  name  of  this  mountain,  or  rather  of  this 
range  of  the  Pennine  Alps,  is  generally  admitted  to 
be  of  Celtic  origin,  irom  pe?i,  or  penn,  a  height,  a 
term  still  preserved  in  Cornwall  and  Wales,  as  in 
i^e/zdennis  and  i-*enmaenmawr.  Those,  however, 
who  have  absurdly  sought  to  establish  the  passage 
of  Hannibal  by  the  Great  St.  Bernard,  have  de- 
rived its  name  from  the  Pceni,  whom  he  com- 
manded. The  territories  of  the  Veragri  extended 
to  the  summit  of  this  pass,  which  was  the  barrier 
between  them  and  the  Salassi,   a  people  of  the 


158  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

Upper  Val  d'Aosta.  Livy  states,  that  on  this  moun- 
tain tlie  Veragri  worshipped  a  god  of  the  Alps, 
Penninus,  or  Jupiter  Penninus;  and  one  of  the 
earliest  names  for  this  passage  of  the  Alps  was 
Mons  Jovis,  or  Mons  Jovis  Penninus  ;  this  was  e-al- 
licised  into  Mont  Joux,  hy  which  it  was  generally 
known  before  it  acquired  that  of  St.  Bernard. 

The  first  foundation  of  the  hospice  has  been 
attributed    by  some  to  Louis  le   Debonnaire,   by 
others  to  Charlemagne,  whose  uncle  Bernard,  an 
illegitimate  son  of  Charles  Martel,  led  a  division  of 
the  invading  army  of  Charlemagne  over  the  Great 
St.  Bernard,  when  he  went  to  attack  Lombardy. 
The  present  name  of  the  pass,  Saussure  supposes, 
might  have  been  derived  from  this  Bernard;  but 
thei-e  was  another  of  the  name,  an  illegitimate  son 
of  Pepin,  to  whom  Charlemagne  left  the  kino-dom 
of  Italy.     To  him  may  rather  be  attributed,  if  not 
the  original  establishment,  the  patronage  of  the 
hospice,  from  the  interest  which  he  would  have  in 
preserving  the  communication  with  Gaul  by  this 
passage  of  the  Alps,  and  with  it  have  given  his 
name.     There  is  historical  evidence  that  a  monas- 
tery existed  on  the  Great  St.  Bernard  at  least  as 
early  as  760,  which  is  fifty  years  before  the  time 
of  Louis  le  Debonnaire.    Vultgaire  was  then  abbot, 
and,  it  is  said,  was  elected  thirty-four  years  after 
the  foundation,  which  would  carry  this  event  back 
to  726.     Simler  mentions  that,  in  851^  Hartmann, 


FOUNDATION  OF  THE  HOSPICE.  159 

at  that  time  abbe  and  almoner  of  Mont  Joux,  was 
made  Bishop  of  Lausanne.  The  annals  of  Bertin 
state,  that  Lothaire  the  Second,  king  of  Lorraine, 
in  859,  made  a  treaty  with  his  brother,  the  em- 
peror, Louis  the  Second,  by  which  he  ceded  to  him 
Geneva,  Lausanne,  and  Sion,  but  reserved  parti- 
cularly Vhopital  du  Saint  Bernard,  which  pi'oves, 
says  Saussure,  the  importance  of  this  passage,  and 
the  name  that  it  bore.  But  its  history  before  this 
period  is  very  obscure,  because  in  the  year  895  it 
was  devastated  by  Arnaud,  count  of  the  Valais, 
whose  enemy,  Rodolph  of  Burgundy,  had  taken 
refuge  at  the  hospice ;  and  in  revenge  for  the  pro- 
tection thus  given  to  him,  Arnaud  destroyed  the 
monuments  and  records  of  the  monastery. 

The  present  hospice  was  founded  in  962,  by 
Bernard,  who  was  born  of  a  noble  family  of  Savoy, 
at  the  chateau  of  Menthon,  on  the  lake  of  Annecy. 
A  determination  at  an  early  age  to  devote  himself 
to  an  ecclesiastical  life  induced  him  to  desert  his 
home  and  go  to  Aosta,  of  which  city  he  afterwards 
became  archdeacon.  A  coincidence  of  his  name 
with  that  of  the  monastery,  probably  influenced  his 
determination  to  re-establish  the  hospice  on  Mont 
Joux,  of  which  he  became  the  chief.  He  founded 
or  restored  at  nearly  the  same  time  another  on  the 
Little  Saint  Bernard,  and  gave  to  them  the  name 
and  placed  them  under  the  protection  of  his  fa- 
vourite saint,  Nicholas  de  Myre,  as  tutelary  patron 


IGO  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

of  these  establishments  ;  by  degrees  the  name  of  the 
devotee  was  joined  to  that  of  the  saint,  and  after 
the  canonization  of  Bernard,  his  name  superseded 
that  of  all  others,  and  has  continued  attached  to 
the  hospice  since  1123.  The  attempt  of  Constan- 
tino to  destroy  the  worship  of  Jupiter  did  not 
entirely  succeed  ;  but  Saint  Bernard  rooted  out 
the  remains  of  paganism,  and  founded  an  esta- 
blishment for  active  benevolence,  to  which  thou- 
sands have  been  indebted.  He  died  in  1008,  after 
having  governed  the  convent  upwards  of  forty 
years. 

For  some  time  after  the  death  of  Saint  Bernard, 
the  hospice  was  exposed  to  frequent  outrages, 
from  barbarians  who  traversed  the  mountains ; 
and  its  records  of  the  eleventh  century  present  a 
succession  of  calamities.  The  Saracens  overran 
the  country,  carrying  fire  and  sword  into  the 
Alpine  valleys ;  the  monastery  of  Mont  Joux  was 
burnt,  and  its  ruins  became  a  station  of  brigands, 
who  plundered  or  exacted  an  exorbitant  payment 
from  all  passengers  through  a  barrier  which  they 
established  at  the  south-western  extremity  of  the 
lake.  The  Normans  having  determined  to  expel 
these  marauders,  broke  down  the  barriers,  and 
killed  the  guard.  Still  outrages  continued;  and 
Canute,  king  of  England  and  Denmark,  who  made 
a  pilgrimage  to  Rome  in  10.31,  complained  to  the 
pope,   and  the  emperor  whom   he  met  there,  of 


STATE  IN  THE  MIDDLE  AGES.  161 

the  horrors  and  violence  committed  in  the  Alps 
upon  his  subjects  going  on  pilgrimages  to  Rome, 
who  seldom  ventured  to  traverse  these  mountains, 
unless  in  companies  of  four  or  five  hundred. 
His  complaints  were  regarded,  the  tolls  of  the 
passage  were  abolished,  and  Canute,  in  conse- 
quence, wrote  to  his  bishops  and  prelates,  in- 
forming them,  that  he  had  secured  the  safety  of 
the  pilgrims  in  the  route  of  the  Pennine  Alps. 
The  brigands  were  driven  out;  good  order  suc- 
ceeded to  outrage,  and  the  convent  was  re-esta- 
blished. In  the  contests  of  the  Emperor  Frederic 
Barbarossa  with  Pope  Alexander  III.,  and  Hum- 
bert, count  of  Maurienne,  diplomas  of  protection 
were  given  by  them  to  the  convent,  for  the  secu- 
rity of  persons  and  property  belonging  to  the 
monastery.  It  was  one  of  the  very  few  objects  in 
which  emperors,  sovereign  pontiffs,  and  other  dis- 
tinguished persons,  disputed  the  glory  of  fostering 
and  protecting  a  foundation  so  important  to  huma- 
nity. Under  such  guardians  the  convent  soon  ac- 
quired great  celebrity  and  opulence.  As  early  as 
1 177,  it  had,  in  various  dioceses,  eighty-eight  bene- 
fices, in  priories,  cures,  chateaux,  and  farms ;  it 
had  lands  in  Sicily,  in  Flanders,  and  in  England. 
Its  climax  of  riches  and  importance  was  in  1480, 
when  it  possessed  ninety-eight  cures  alone.  Subse- 
quently, however,  the  reformation,  political  changes 
in  the  states,  loss  of  distant  property,  disputes  with 


162  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

the  popes,  with  the  neighbouring  states,  and  witli 
each  other,  drove  the  monks  of  Saint  Bernard  to 
seek  even  eleemosynary  assistance.   The  very  land 
upon  which  their  noble  duties  are  performed  has 
been  the  subject  of  disputes  between  the  neigh- 
bouring states.     Sardinia  claimed  it  as  within  a 
frontier  extending  to  the  bridge  of  Nudri,  on  the 
northern  side  of  the  pass  of  the  Great  St.  Bernard  ; 
but  the  Valaisans  established  a  claim  to  it  as  within 
the  diocese   of  Sion,  by  bulls  of  the  popes  from 
Leo  IX.  to  Benoit  XIV.     The  hospice,  therefore, 
stands  within  the  canton   of  the  Valais  ;   but  its 
authority  extends  only  to  the  middle  of  the  lake, 
where,  on  the  borders,  the  colunm  marks  the  line 
of  demarcation  •    and    the    excellent   brethren    of 
Saint   Bernard   had  not   only  all  their   property 
within  the  state  of  Sardinia  taken  from  them,  but 
they  are  actually  taxed  by  this  state  for  the  use 
which  they  make  of  the  summer  pasturage  of  the 
vacherie.    Very  little  property  in  land  now  belongs 
to  the  monks  :  they  have  a  vineyard  at  Clarens, 
which,  in  the  twenty-second  note  of  the  third  canto 
of  Chilcle Harold,  is,  to  the  disgrace  of  Lord  Byron, 
made  the  subject  of  a  sneer  at  the  establishment  on 
the  Saint  Bernard,  for  having,  he  says,  cut  down 
the  "Bosquet  de  Julie" — "with  brutal  selfishness, 
that  the  ground  might  be  enclosed  into  a  vineyard 
for  the  miserable   drones  of  an   execrable  super- 
stition :"  he  would  thus,  for  the  sake  of  Rousseau, 


PRESENT  STATE.  163 

set  the  worthlessness  of  such  a  "  Bosquet"  against 
the  utility  and  value  of  a  vineyard,  a  sort  of  pro- 
perty the  most  valuable  near  the  lake  of  Geneva, 
which  was  to  be  employed  so  entirely  in  the  ser- 
vice of  humanity.  This  vineyard,  and  a  farm  at 
Roche,  in  the  Pays  de  Vaud,  are  now  their  only 
possessions  :  from  these  their  resources  are  small, 
and  in  aid  of  them  collections  are  regularly  made 
in  the  Swiss  cantons;  but  this  has  been  some- 
times abused  by  impostors  who  have  collected  as 
the  agents  of  the  hospice. 


164  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


CHAPTER  X. 

Departure  of  Visitors — Descent  from  the  Hospice  —  Plain  of 
Prou  —  Forest  of  St.  Pierre  —  Passage  of  Napoleon's  Army 
in  1800  —  Bourg  St.  Pierre  —  Liddes  —  Some  English  Tra- 
vellers—  St.  Branchier — Inundation  of  the  Valley  of  Bagnes 
in  1818  —  Details  of  the  proceedings  of  the  Engineers, 
and  their  unparalleled  bravery  —  Valley  of  the  Drance  — 
Martigny. 

A.LL  the  visitors  had  left  the  hospice  before  us. 
fhe  party  with  the  children,  who  had  arrived  after 
dark,  started  before  daylight,  enjoying  the  plea- 
sure of  being  able  to  assure  their  friends  that  they 
had  visited  the  hospice  of  the  Great  St.  Bernard  ; 
they  returned  to  the  Valais  the  same  way  that 
they  came.  The  honeymoon  party  had  taken  the 
same  course,  and  we  were  now  ready  to  follow 
them.  The  mules,  which  we  had  hired  to  go  on 
with  us  to  Liddes,  had  returned  last  night  to  St. 
Remy  and  been  brought  up  again  this  morning  : 
this  is  the  custom  when  the  season  will  allow  it, 
unless  they  bring  hay  or  corn  with  them,  as  it  is 
necessary  to  preserve  all  the  forage  that  they  can 
save  for  winter  store.  Our  Scotch  friend  had 
not  been  provident  enough,  or  aware  of  this ;  but 
with  a  promise  of  a  share  of  our  mules,  he  joined 


PLAIN  OF  PROU.  165 

US  in  our  journey  to  Martigny.  We  parted  with 
regret  from  the  excellent  brethren  at  the  hospice, 
and  moving  towards  the  enormous  mass  of  Mont 
Velan,  which,  with  its  pinnacled  rocks  and  stream- 
ing glaciers,  appeared  to  close  in  our  route  in 
that  direction,  we  began  to  descend,  and  soon  lost 
sight  of  the  building  in  the  narrow  way  and  steep 
declivity.  After  crossing  two  or  three  broad 
patches  of  snow  and  the  bridge  of  Nudri,  and 
passing,  at  the  base  of  Mont  Velan,  through  the 
scenes  where  avalanches  are  so  frequent  in  the 
spring  and  winter,  we  arrived  in  an  hour  at  two 
chalets  called  I'Hopital,  a  spot  regularly  visited 
in  the  dangerous  season  by  the  brethren  of  the 
convent,  their  servants,  or  their  dogs,  to  search 
for  travellers  who  need  their  assistance,  and  to 
leave  some  refreshments  at  one  of  the  chalets. 

This  descent  from  the  hospice  leads  into  the 
plain  of  Prou.  A  pasturage  surrounded  by  the 
belles  horreurs  of  the  Alps,  the  glacier  of  Menoue, 
which  descends  from  Mont  Velan,  and  the  savage, 
sterile,  and  lofty  character  of  the  objects  which 
enclose  the  plain,  well  deserves  this  favourite  epi- 
thet of  the  French.  Stunted  trees  now  began  to 
appear,  but  at  a  greater  depth  from  the  summit 
than  on  the  Italian  side  of  the  mountain.  A 
stream,  one  of  the  sources  of  the  Drance,  descends 
through  the  plain  from  the  glacier  of  Menoue, 
and  enters  a  deep  defile  below  the  forest  of  Saint 


166  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

Pierre.     The  road  soon  winds  along  the  side  of  a 
ravine,  amidst  rocks  and  the  trunks  and  roots  of 
enormous  larches  and  pines,  which   wildly  over- 
hang the  deep  precipices  above  the  foaming  tor- 
rent ;  these  render  the  route  impassable  in  a  char. 
Here  it  was  that  Napoleon  met  with  the  greatest 
difficulty  in  transporting  his  cannon  and  materiel, 
in  crossing  the  Great  St.  Bernard  in  May  1800. 
Under  the  direction  of  Marmont,  who  commanded 
the   artillery,  and  Gassendi,  the  inspector  of  the 
ordinance,  the  cannon  were  dismounted  and  placed 
in  the  trunks  of  trees  hollowed  to  receive  them,  and 
thus  dragged  up  the  steep  and  dangerous  ascents  by 
half  a  battalion,  whilst  the  other  half  carried  their 
own  and  their  comrades'  arms  and  accoutrements, 
with  provision  for  five  days.  The  gun-carriages  and 
ammunition-wagons  were  taken  to  pieces,  placed 
on  mules,  and  thus  conveyed  across  the  mountain. 
The  soldiers  were  often  oblio-ed  to  walk  in  single 
file;    and  when  the  head  of  a  column  rested,   it 
checked    those    behind.      Availing?   themselves  of 
the  halt,  the   soldiers   refreshed   themselves  with 
biscuits  steeped  in  melted  snow,  and  then,  again 
advancing,    beguiled    their    labour    and    renewed 
their  exertions  under  the  inspiration  of  national 
songs.     Napoleon   himself  had   a    narrow  escape 
here.     In  a  dangerous  part  of  the  i-oad,  near  the 
upper  termination   of  the  forest  of  St.  Pierre,  he 
slipped  from  his  nmle  on  the  snow ;  but  he  was 


FOREST  AND  BOURG  OF  ST.  PIERRE.  167 

saved  from  falling  over  a  precipice  by  his  guide, 
who  caught  him  by  the  coat.  The  guide,  who 
was  a  peasant,  received  a  gift  from  Napoleon  for 
this  service  of  a  thousand  francs.  How  much  of 
the  eventful  history  of  that  period  turned  upon 
this  little  adventure ! 

From  the  forest  of  Saint  Pierre  the  scene 
looking  towards  the  hospice  was  one  of  extraordi- 
nary grandeur.  The  road  winding  through  the 
steep  intricacies  of  rocks  and  the  roots  of  old  pines, 
overhangs  on  the  right  the  deep  ravine  in  which 
the  Drance  flows ;  and  beyond  the  forest  the  path 
could  still  be  traced  to  the  plain  of  Prou,  bounded 
by  lofty  mountj^ins,  glaciers,  and  the  enormous 
mass  of  the  Mont  Velan. 

From  the  forest,  the  rugged  path  leads  down 
to  the  village  of  Saint  Pierre,  which  is  entered 
by  an  old  gate,  connected  with  a  wooden  bridge 
thrown  across  a  very  deep  and  narrow  ravine, 
throuoh  which  the  Drance  rushes  at  a  frig-htful 
depth.  It  reminded  us  of  the  scene  at  the  Pont 
Serrant  on  the  Little  St.  Bernai'd.  Bourg  Saint 
Pierre  is  a  village  of  great  antiquity  ;  in  proof  of 
which,  numerous  relics  and  inscriptions  are  found 
and  preserved  there.  Among  these  is  the  military 
column  dedicated  to  the  younger  Constantine, 
which,  De  Rivaz  says,  formerly  replaced  the  statue 
of  Jupiter  that  was  on  the  summit  of  the  Great 
St.   Bernard,  but  which  was  destroyed  by  Con- 


168  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

stantine  about  the  year  339.  There  is  a  fine 
cascade  near  St.  Pierre.  From  this  village  we 
proceeded  to  Liddes,  over  a  road  scarcely  good 
enough  for  a  char-a-banc^  though  these  carriages 
are  sometimes  brought  as  high  up  as  St.  Pierre 
from  Martigny.  At  Liddes  we  rested  our  mules, 
and  agreed  to  pay  ten  francs  more  for  their  use  to 
Martigny. 

Here  we  found  at  the  inn  the  parties  who  had 
left  the  hospice  in  the  morning.  The  honey- 
mooners  had  possession  of  a  long  table  in  the 
eating -room,  whilst  we  were  seated  at  a  small 
round  marble  slab.  Soon  after  our  arrival,  the 
party  with  the  children  came  in  from  a  walk,  and 
joined  those  at  the  long  table,  who  we  thought 
did  not  appear  particularly  delighted  by  the  re- 
newal of  an  acquaintance  began  last  night  at  the 
hospice.  The  children  were  so  oddly  dressed,  that 
the  difference  of  sex  was  not  very  obvious ;  the 
boy's  long  frock-coat  and  the  girl's  trousers  left 
it  very  questionable,  until  mamma,  holding  out  the 
plate  of  the  child  near  her,  addressed  the  young 
married  lady. with,  "  Miss,  I'll  thankee  to  an  my 
Selina  a  bit  of  that  'ere."  If  my  friend  had  not 
borne  testimony  to  the  truth  of  this  mem,  written 
verbatim  at  the  moment,  I  should  be  open  to 
suspicion  of  having  exaggerated  it,  and  the  dis- 
belief that  such  vulgarity  could  have  reached  the 
Great  St.  Bernard.     I  only  record  it  as  a  subject 


ST.  BRANCHIER.  169 

for  astonishment,  how  such  persons  ever  thought 
of  such  a  journey.  In  my  sketch  yesterday  of 
the  variety  of  visitors  to  the  hospice,  I  omitted 
this  ;  but,  in  fact,  I  had  no  idea  that  the  gentiHties 
of  Wapping  had  ever  extended  so  far  from  the 
Thames. 

From  Liddes  we  descended  through  some 
beautiful  close  scenes,  in  the  Val  d'Entremont, 
luxuriant  in  vegetation.  After  passing  through 
the  village  of  Orsieres,  whence  a  valley  leads,  by 
the  Col  de  Ferret,  to  Courmayeur,  we  proceeded 
down  to  the  little  town  of  St.  Branchier,  situated 
at  the  entrance  of  the  Valley  of  Bagnes,  and  near 
the  confluence  of  the  streams  which  descend  from 
the  two  principal  sources  of  the  Drance,  the  gla- 
ciers of  Mont  Velan  and  those  of  Charmotane. 
The  latter  are  of  vast  extent  to  the  eastward  of 
Mont  Velan,  and  the  route  to  them  lies  up  through 
the  Valley  of  Bagnes :  they  are  very  difficult  of 
access,  though  for  a  few  days  in  the  height  of 
summer  the  peasants  sometimes  cross  over  them 
into  the  Val  Pellina,  in  Piemont.  It  was  by  this 
dangerous  pass  that  Calvin  escaped  from  the  per- 
secutions of  others  in  the  Val  d'Aosta,  to  practise 
his  own  at  Geneva. 

Around  St.  Branchier  we  saw  the  fearful  effects 
of  the  great  inundation  of  the  Valley  of  Bagnes 
in  1818.  The  height  which  the  torrent  attained  is 
seen  in  the  desolation  it  has  left;  vast  blocks  of 

I 


170  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

stone,  which  Avere  driven  and  deposited  there  hy 
the  force  of  the  waters,  now  strew  the  valley  ;  and 
sand  and  pebbles  present  an  arid  surface,  where 
rich  pasturages  were  seen  before  the  catastrophe. 
The  quantity  and  violence  of  the  water  suddenly 
disengaged,  and  the  velocity  of  its  descent,  pre- 
sented a  force  which  the  mind  may  calculate,  but 
cannot  conceive. 

In  the  accounts  which  have  been  o-Iven  of  this 
event,  the  object  of  the  writers  has  been  merely  to 
describe  the  catastrophe,  and  the  extent  of  its 
injuries  ;  but  in  reading  the  account  of  M.  Escher 
de  Lentil,  published  in  the  JBih.  Univ.  de  Geneve, 
Sci.  et  Arts,  tom.  viii.  j:).  291,  I  was  most  forcibly 
struck  with  the  unparalleled  heroism  of  the  brave 
men  who  endeavoured  to  avert  the  evil,  by  open- 
ing a  channel  for  the  waters,  which  had,  by  their 
accumulation,  become  a  source  of  terror  to  the  in- 
habitants of  these  valleys. 

In  the  spring  of  1818,  the  people  of  the  Valley 
of  Bagnes  became  alarmed  on  observing  the  low 
state  of  the  waters  of  the  Drance,  at  a  season  when 
the  melting  of  the  snows  usually  enlarged  the  tor- 
rent ;  and  this  alarm  was  increased  by  the  records 
of  similar  appearances  before  the  dreadful  inun- 
dation of  1 595,  which  was  then  occasioned  by  the 
accumulation  of  the  waters  behind  the  debris  of 
a  glacier  tliat  formed  a  dam,  which  remained  until 
the  pressure  of  the  water  burst  the  dike,   and  it 


INUNDATION  OF  THE  VAL  DE  BAGNES.    171 

rushed  through  the  valley,  leaving  desolation  in 
its  course. 

In  April  1818,  some  persons  went  up  the  valley 
to  ascertain  the  cause  of  the  deficiency  of  water, 
and  they  discovered  that  vast  masses  of  the  gla- 
ciers of  Getroz,  and  avalanches  of  snow,  had  fallen 
into  a  narrow  part  of  the  valley,  between  Mont 
Pleureur  and  Mont  Mauvoisin,  and  formed  a  dike 
of  ice  and  snow  600  feet  wide  and  400  feet  high, 
on  a  base  of  3000  feet,  behind  which  the  waters  of 
the  Drance  had  accumulated,  and  formed  a  lake 
above  7000  feet  long.  M.  Venetz,  the  engineer  of 
the  Valais,  was  consulted,  and  he  immediately  de- 
cided upon  cutting  a  gallery  through  this  barrier 
of  ice,  60  feet  above  the  level  of  the  water  at  the 
time  of  commencing,  and  where  the  dike  was  600 
feet  thick.  He  calculated  upon  making  a  tunnel 
through  this  mass  before  the  water  should  have 
risen  60  feet  higher  in  the  lake.  On  the  10th 
of  May,  the  work  was  begun  by  gangs  of  fifty 
men,  who  relieved  each  other,  and  worked,  with- 
out intermission,  day  and  night,  with  inconceivable 
courage  and  perseverance,  neither  deterred  by 
the  daily  occurring  danger  from  the  falling  of 
fresh  masses  of  the  glacier,  nor  by  the  rapid  in- 
crease of  the  water  in  the  lake,  which  rose  sixty- 
two  feet  in  thirty-four  days — on  an  average,  nearly 
two  feet  each  day  ;  but  it  once  rose  five  feet  in 
one  day,   and  threatened  each  moment  to  burst 


172  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

the  dike  by  its  increasing  pressure ;  or,  rising  in  a 
more  rapid  proportion  than  the  men  could  proceed 
with  their  work,  render  their  efforts  abortive,  by 
rising  above  them.  Sometimes  dreadful  noises 
were  heard,  as  the  pressure  of  the  water  detached 
masses  of  ice  from  the  bottom,  which  floating,  pre- 
sented so  much  of  their  bulk  above  the  water,  as 
led  to  the  belief  that  some  of  them  were  seventy 
feet  thick.  The  men  persevered  in  their  fearful 
duty  without  any  serious  accident ;  and  though 
suffering  severely  from  cold  and  wet,  and  sur- 
rounded by  dangers  which  cannot  be  justly  de- 
scribed, by  the  4th  of  June  they  had  accomplished 
an  opening  600  feet  long  ;  but  having  begun 
their  work  on  both  sides  of  the  dike  at  the  same 
time,  the  place  where  they  ought  to  have  met  was 
twenty  feet  lower  on  the  side  of  the  lake  than 
on  the  other  :  it  was  fortunate  that  latterly  the  in- 
crease of  perpendicular  height  of  the  water  was  less, 
owing  to  the  extension  of  its  surface.  They  pro- 
ceeded to  level  the  highest  side  of  the  tunnel,  and 
completed  it  just  before  the  water  reached  them. 
On  the  evening  of  the  13th  the  water  began 
to  flow.  At  first,  the  opening  was  not  large 
enough  to  carry  oft'  the  supplies  of  water  which 
the  lake  received,  and  it  rose  two  feet  above  the 
tunnel ;  but  this  soon  enlarged  from  the  action  of 
the  water,  as  it  melted  the  floor  of  the  gallery, 
and  the  torrent  rushed  through.      In  thirty-two 


BURSTING  OF  THE  DIKE.  173 

hours  the  lake  sunk  ten  feet,  and  during  the  fol- 
lowing twenty-four  hours  twenty  feet  more :  in  a 
few  days  it  would  have  been  emptied  ;  for  the  floor 
melting,  and  being  driven  off  as  the  water  escaped, 
kept  itself  below  the  level  of  the  water  within  ;  but 
the  cataract  which  issued  from  the  gallery  melted, 
and  broke  up  also  a  large  portion  of  the  base  of 
the  dike,  which  had  served  as  its  buttress  ;  its 
resistance  decreased  faster  than  the  pressure  of  the 
lake  lessened,  and  at  four  o'clock  in  the  afternoon 
of  the  16th  of  June  the  dike  burst,  and  in  half  an 
hour  the  water  escaped  through  the  breach,  and 
left  the  lake  empty. 

The  greatest  accumulation  of  water  had  been 
800,000,000  of  cubic  feet;  the  tunnel,  before  the 
disruption,  had  carried  off  nearly  330,000,000 
—  Escher  says,  270,000,000;  but  he  neglected  to 
add  60,000,000  which  flowed  into  the  lake  in  three 
days.  In  half  an  hour,  530,000,000  cubit  feet 
of  water  passed  through  the  breach,  or  300,000 
feet  per  second  ;  which  is  five  times  greater  in 
quantity  than  the  waters  of  the  Rhine  at  Basle, 
where  it  is  1300  English  feet  wide.  In  one  hour 
and  a  half  the  water  reached  Martigny,  a  distance 
of  eight  leagues.  Through  the  first  70,000  feet 
it  passed  with  the  velocity  of  thirty-three  feet  per 
second  —  four  or  five  times  faster  than  the  most 
rapid  river  known ;  yet  it  was  charged  with 
ice,  rocks,  earth,  trees,  houses,  cattle,  and  men : 


174  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

thirty-four  persons  were  lost,  four  hundred  cottages 
swept  away,  and  the  damage  done  in  the  two  hours 
of  its  desolating  power  exceeded  a  million  of  Swiss 
livres.  All  the  people  of  the  valley  had  been  cau- 
tioned against  the  danger  of  a  sudden  irruption ; 
yet  it  was  fatal  to  so  many.  All  the  bridges  in  its 
course  were  swept  away,  and  among  them  the 
bridge  of  Mauvoisin,  which  was  elevated  ninety 
feet  above  the  ordinary  height  of  the  Drance.  If  the 
dike  had  remained  untouched,  and  it  could  have 
endured  the  pressure  until  the  lake  had  reached 
the  level  of  its  top,  a  volume  of  1,700,000,000 
cubic  feet  of  water  would  have  been  accumulated 
there,  and  a  devastation  much  more  fatal  and  ex- 
tensive must  have  been  the  consequence.  From  this 
greater  danger  the  people  of  the  valley  of  the 
Drance  were  preserved  by  the  heroism  and  devotion 
of  the  brave  men  who  effected  the  formation  of  the 
gallery  in  the  dike,  under  the  direction  of  M. 
Venetz.  I  know  no  instance  on  record  of  courage 
equal  to  this :  their  risk  of  life  was  not  for  fame 
or  for  riches — they  had  not  the  usual  excitements 
to  personal  risk,  in  a  world's  applause  or  gazetted 
promotion, — their  devoted  courage  was  to  save  the 
lives  and  property  of  their  fellow- men,  not  to 
destroy  them.  They  steadily  and  heroically  per- 
severed in  their  labours,  amidst  dangers  such  as  a 
field  of  battle  never  presented,  and  from  which 
some  of  the  bravest  brutes  that  ever  lived  would 


VALLEY  OF  THE  DRANCE MARTIGNY.   175 

bave  shrunk  in  dismay.     These  truly  brave  Va- 
laisans  deserve  all  honour ! 

Below  St.  Branchier,  in  the  narrow  valley  of  the 
Drance,  each  step  exhibits  evidence  of  the  inunda- 
tion. The  deep  glen  by  which  the  road  passes,  level 
with  the  river,  is  in  one  place  picturesque,  where  a 
rock,  on  the  bank  is  pierced,  and  the  road  carried 
through  it.  At  the  dirty  village  of  Bouvernier,  the 
appearance  of  goitres  again  distressed  us ;  thence 
we  proceeded  high  above  the  torrent  until  a  rather 
abrupt  turn  in  the  road  opened  to  us  a  view  of 
Martigny,  and  the  old  tower  of  La  Batie,  near 
to  where  the  Drance  falls  into  the  Rhone.  We 
passed  through  the  town  of  Martigny,  and  in  about 
half  an  hour  after,  reached  the  inn  at  the  village  of 
La  Batie,  on  the  high  route  of  the  Simplon.  It 
was  dark  before  we  arrived.  On  our  way  through 
the  village,  we  were  delighted  with  the  singing  of 
some  peasants,  who  were  seated  at  their  doors  in 
the  clear  beautiful  evening,  and  sung  in  harmony 
some  sweet  airs.  Whilst  supper  was  arranging,  I 
asked  for  the  travellers'  book  :  it  was  new,  and  a 
few  names  only  had  been  written  in  it ;  I  then 
inquired  for  the  old  book,  in  which  I  wrote  three 
years  since  ;  the  girl  told  me  that  it  had  recently 
been  stolen  by  an  Englishman ! 


176  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


CHAPTER  XI. 

Pisse-^'ache  —  St.  Maurice  —  INIartyrs  —  Fanatics  —  Lake  of 
Geneva' — St.  Gingulph  —  Sunday  Amusements  —  Beautiful 
Lake  Scene — Rocks  of  Meillerie  —  Convent  of  llapaille  — 
Frontier  of  Savoy  and  Geneva  —  Geneva  —  Journey  to 
Paris  —  Frontier  of  France  —  Paris  —  Public  Entry  of 
Charles  X.  —  Home. 

September  19M. — This  morning  my  friend  and 
I  arranged  for  our  separation,  to  meet  again 
at  Geneva.  He  was  desirous  of  passing  by  Lau- 
sanne, and  I  by  St.  Gingulph  and  Thonon,  as 
I  had  already  visited  the  western  side  of  the  lake. 
He  hired  a  ckar-d-banc,  and  started.  Our  Scotch 
friend  joined  me  in  another  char,  to  proceed  on 
the  eastern  side  of  the  lake  of  Geneva.  We  set 
out  at  mid-day,  and  soon  after  leaving  La  Biitie 
reached  the  famous  cataract  of  the  Pisse-Vache  : 
we  were  not  too  late  to  enjoy  the  beautiful  iris, 
which  the  sun,  when  the  sky  is  clear,  always  points 
on  the  mists  of  the  cataract  until  the  mountains 
intercept  his  rays.  The  fall  is  a  magnificent  ob- 
ject; the  quantity  of  its  water,  and  the  height 
from  which  it  descends,  leaves  it  inferior  to  none 
in  Switzerland ;  and  no  other  can  be  more  favour- 


PISSE-VACHE.  177 

ably  viewed.  Its  volume,  and  the  force  of  its  descent, 
have  thrown  up  around  the  basin  which  they  have 
excavated  a  high  ridge  of  debris,  upon  which  the 
observer  can  view  it  so  nearly,  as  to  be  within 
the  mist  that  arises  from  the  gulf  into  which  the 
waters  fall.  When  seen  so  closely,  the  effect  is 
awful ;  the  immense  torrent  appears  to  be  poured 
out  of  the  sky,  and  the  roar  of  the  waters  utterly 
prevent  any  other  sound  being  heard.  We  observed 
a  butterfly  fluttering  upwards  through  the  mist,  and 
it  passed  out  of  our  sight  in  safety,  though  it  was 
as  dangerous  a  sport  to  the  poor  insect  as  fluttering 
round  a  candle.  The  Pisse-Vache  is  a  picturesque 
object  when  included  in  the  views  up  or  down  the 
valley,  particularly  from  Mieville  (a  village  com- 
posed of  a  few  houses  near  the  waterfall),  which 
pours  out  its  population  upon  all  visitors,  and 
supplies  a  crowd  of  embryo  mineralogists,  and 
some  less  scientific  beggars,  that  regularly  assail 
every  traveller  who  leaves  his  carriage  to  visit  the 
Pisse-Vache. 

A  short  ride  brought  us,  through  a  sterile  part 
of  the  valley,  to  the  town  of  St.  Maurice,  situated 
at  the  entrance  of  the  canton  of  the  Valais.  This 
place,  which  is  one  of  great  antiquity,  is  built 
beneath  the  high  rocks,  which  abnost  close  at 
this  spot,  and  leave  only  a  deep  gorge,  through 
which  the  Rhone  forces  its  way  with  violence  be- 
neath a  single  arch,  that  spans  the  river  from  rock 

I  2 


178  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

to  rock,  high  above  the  torrent.  This  bridge, 
which  connects  the  Canton  of  the  Valais  with  the 
Canton  de  Vaud,  and  an  old  castle,  now  in  ruins, 
near  St.  Maurice,  are  attributed  to  Julius  Caesar  ; 
but  a  great  name  is  sought  with  as  much  eagerness 
by  an  antiquary  to  give  importance  to  a  ruin,  as 
the  name  of  an  old  master  is  sought  by  pretenders 
in  virtii  to  recommend  a  picture.  Proofs,  however, 
are  extant  that  the  bi-idge  and  castle  were  built  by 
one  of  the  bishops  of  Sion,  to  defend  the  temporal 
power  which  had  been  assumed  by  them  in  the 
Valais.  There  is  better  evidence  than  the  name 
of  the  Roman  Pontifex  for  the  early  historical 
importance  of  St.  Maurice.  It  was  known,  under 
the  name  of  Agaunum,  as  a  Roman  station,  and 
numerous  inscriptions  mark  its  antiquity.  The 
name  of  St.  Maurice  was  derived  from  its  abbey, 
founded  in  the  sixth  century  by  Sigismond,  king 
of  the  Burgundians,  in  honour  of  St.  Maurice, 
who  is  reported,  in  the  legends  of  the  church,  to 
have  sufl'ered  martyrdom  here,  with  all  the  The- 
ban  legion  which  he  commanded,  amounting  to 
6,000  (!)  men,  in  the  year  392 — a  story  not  believed 
out  of  the  pale  of  the  Catholic  church.  Near  St. 
Maurice  are  many  retreats,  or  hermitages,  cut 
out  of  the  face  of  rocks  apparently  inaccessible ; 
and  hereTheban  anchorites  formerly  dwelt  in  holy 
idleness,  apart  from  the  world. 

Mr.  C,  my  presbyterian  companion,  was  horri- 


ST.  MAURICE.  179 

fied  by  an  account,  which  we  heard  hawked  about 
in  the  streets  of  St.  Maurice,  of  a  society  of  fana- 
tics in  one  of  the  Protestant  cantons  whose  creed 
sanctioned  murder  by  crucifixion,  and  to  which  a 
whole  family  had  become  willing  victims.  A  pic- 
ture of  this  religious  felo  de  se  was  exhibited,  to 
increase  the  effect  of  the  lie,  which  was  thus 
allowed  to  be  told  to  keep  up  the  Catholic  preju- 
dices of  those  who  dared  not  doubt  the  truth  of 
this  "  invention  of  the  enemy."  The  follower  of 
John  Knox  was  very  indignant ;  but  as  his  vehe- 
mence was  delivered  in  an  unknown  tongue,  the 
object  of  its  violence  was  only  guessed  at.  He 
had  previously  told  me,  that  when  his  ire  was 
roused  by  the  lies  of  Catholic  priests,  or  the 
knavery  of  Catholic  guides  and  innkeepers — 
though  he  had  a  horror  of  profane  oaths — he 
thought  it  was  necessary  to  appear  to  be  in  a 
great  rage;  "  therefore,"  he  said,  "  when  I  am 
provoked  by  the  loons  in  this  country,  I  give  it 
'em  in  good  braid  Scotch,  and  they  think  that  I 
am  swearing." 

On  leaving  St.  Maurice,  we  proceeded  along 
the  Savoy  side  of  the  lake.  The  alluvial  deposit  of 
the  Rhone  forms,  at  the  head  of  the  lake,  very  ex- 
tensive swamps  and  marshes,  which  in  some  places 
yields  rich  pasturage.  It  was  Sunday  afterxioon, 
and  my  companion  was  much  scandalised,  as  we 
passed  through  the  villages,  particulaily  at  Vionne, 


180  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

upon  seeing  the  peasants  enjoy  themselves  at  various 
games,  some  with  bowls  and  quoits,  others  in  firing 
at  a  target :  but  he  had  soon  more  reasonable  ground 
for  displeasure,  and  our  feelings  of  propriety  were 
more  outraged,  when  we  arrived  at  St.  Gingulph, 
where  we  proposed  resting  for  the  night.  The 
inn  lay  on  the  left,  a  little  out  of  the  road ;  but 
from  a  window  we  overlooked  the  route,  the  lake, 
and  the  beautiful  scenery  beyond  it.  Whilst  our 
late  dinner  was  getting  ready,  we  saw  a  concourse 
of  people  in  the  road  enjoying  the  fine  evening,  as 
they  are  generally  observed  to  do  on  a  Sunday  in 
Catholic  countries,  but  there  was  evidently  some 
unusual  cause  of  excitement ;  peals  of  laughter 
)'eached  our  ears,  and  there  appeared  to  be  some 
exhibition,  as  we  could  distinguish  pictures  hung 
out  in  front  of  a  booth.  The  struggle  was  amusing 
between  my  companion's  curiosity  and  love  of  fun, 
and  his  being  offended  at  this  breach  of  the  quiet 
and  sanctity  of  the  Sabbath  ;  his  impatience,  how- 
ever, at  last  made  him  say,  "  I  mustna  sanction  by 
my  presence  this  disorder  ;  but  I  wisli  you  would  go 
and  learn  the  cause  of  the  uproar."  I  went  down, 
and  found  a  number  of  pictures,  all  sci'iptural  sub- 
jects, exhibited  outside  the  booth ;  within,  how- 
ever, was  a  Punch,  the  most  vulgar  of  his  tribe,  in 
all  his  glory,  exciting  the  boisterous  laughter  of  a 
crowded  and  merry  audience.  Why  the  subjects 
were  scriptural,  or  the  performance  so  unlike  the 


\ 


BOCKS  OF  MEILLERIE.  181 

promise,  I  could  not  learn.  Mr.  C.  lost  all  pa- 
tience upon  receiving  my  report,  and  indulged  me 
■with  another  specimen  of  his  "  good  braid  Scotch," 
in  Avhich  I  too  thought  he  was  swearing. 

The  evening  was  beautiful,  and  the  scene 
over  the  lake  at  sunset  enchanting.  We  were 
nearly  opposite  to  Chillon,  Clarens,  and  Vevay; 
and  the  romance  of  the  scene  was  increased  by 
its  association  with  the  names  of  Byron  and  Jean 
Jacques  Rousseau  :  the  name  of  the  former  was 
written  on  the  wall  of  our  room,  and,  the  waiter 
said,  by  his  lordship ;  but  of  this  I  do  not  believe 
a  word  —  wall-chalking  was  not  one  of  his  pro- 
pensities, and  this  use  of  his  name  is  now  a  stale 
trick. 

20th. — The  look-out  upon  the  lake,  in  the 
delicious  freslniess  and  sunrise  of  the  morning, 
was  as  beautiful  as  the  sunset  of  last  evening ; 
but  the  new  coat  of  whitewash  lately  given  to  the 
castle  of  Chillon  was  sadly  out  of  harmony. 

At  St.  Gingulph,  a  torrent  divides  Savoy  from 
the  canton  of  the  Valais,  and  we  entered  the  terri- 
tories of  the  King  of  Sardinia.  We  soon  arrived  at 
the  rocks  of  Meillerie,  on  which  a  greater  charm 
has  been  wrought  by  the  realities  of  Napoleon  than 
by  the  imaginings  of  Rousseau.  There  is  not,  nor 
does  there  ever  appear  to  have  been,  any  thing 
strikingly  picturesque  about  the  spot ;  and  it  owes 
its  interest  to  the  tale  of  Julia  and  Saint  Preux, 


182  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

though  more  deserving  of  it  from  the  admirable 
construction  of  the  new  road,  -which  is  here  carried 
on  a  terrace,  cut  out  of  the  face  of  the  rock,  thirty 
feet  above  the  water  of  the  lake.  At  a  short  dis- 
tance fi-om  these  rocks  the  greatest  depth  of  the 
lake  to  which  their  bases  sink,  is  found  to  be, 
almost  perpendicularly,  1000  feet.  There  are 
some  pleasing  scenes  along  this  part  of  the  lake ; 
and  on  the  opposite  side,  Vevay,  Lausanne,  and 
numerous  villages,  sparkle  along  the  shore. 

After  passing  through  Evain,  a  little  town 
nearly  opposite  to  Lausanne,  where  the  lake  is 
about  twelve  miles  across,  its  greatest  widtli,,  we 
left  the  borders  of  the  lake,  and  passed  a  tongue 
of  land  to  Thonon,  a  large  town,  the  capital  of  the 
Chablais.  About  half-way  across  the  promontory 
we  traversed  the  Drance,  a  river  which  descends 
from  the  north-western  side  of  the  Buet,  and  before 
arriving  at  Thonon  passed  on  our  right  the  convent 
of  Rapaille,  an  abbey  built  by  Amadeus,  the  eighth 
duke  of  Savoy,  where  he  established  a  fraternity 
of  Augustine  monks,  and,  retiring  from  the  govern- 
ment of  Savoy  in  1434,  became  their  chief. 
During  the  disgraceful  contests  for  the  chair  of 
St.  Peter  in  the  fifteenth  century,  when  three 
popes  governed  at  once,  Amadeus  was  elected  one 
of  these,  by  the  re-united  council  of  Bale,  in  op- 
position to  Eugene  IV.  He  assumed  the  keys 
of  St.  Peter   as   Felix  V.   and  kept  his  court   at 


BORDERS  OF  THE  LAKE  OF  GENEVA.    183 

Bale,  Geneva,  and  Lausanne.  He  issued  bulls 
during  his  power,  and  created  twenty-three  cardi- 
nals, besides  giving  other  proofs  of  his  authority. 
Finding,  however,  the  government  of  the  church 
even  more  difficult  than  the  government  of  Savoy, 
he  publicly  resigned  the  popedom  in  the  cathedral 
of  Lausanne,  and,  retiring  to  his  bishojiric  of  Ge- 
neva, died  there  in  the  year  1451. 

From  Thonon  we  again  skirted  the  lake  to 
the  village  of  Coudre,  thence  crossing  another 
promontory  which  terminates  in  the  lake  at  Yvoire, 
we  entered  Dovain,  the  first  post-town  from  Ge- 
neva :  between  this  town  and  the  village  of  Corsi, 
we  passed  the  frontiers  of  Savoy  and  the  canton 
of  Geneva.  It  has  been  often  remarked,  that 
the  common  frontier  of  a  Catholic  and  Protestant 
country  display,  near  the  line  of  demarcation,  the 
influence  of  the  two  religions  on  the  moral  cha- 
racters of  the  people :  it  is  strikingly  observed  on 
this  frontier.  On  the  Savoy  side  it  was  the  garden 
of  the  sluoo-ard  —  on  the  Genevese,  of  the  indus- 
trious ;  and  the  appearance  of  the  comfort  and  in- 
dependence of  the  latter  people  was  as  obvious 
as  the  superior  cultivation  of  their  soil.  I  would 
not  pander  to  prejudice  ;  but  it  is  a  greater  pre- 
judice to  shut  one's  eyes  to  the  fact. 

The  scenery  around  Geneva  is  enlivened  by 
the  campaynas  of  those  who  sojourn  on  the  shores 
of  the  lake  in  this  delightful  neighbourhood.     On 


184  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

approaching  the  city  by  this  road  towards  the 
right,  across  the  water,  the  plains  of  Geneva  were 
seen  bounded  by  the  long  chain  of  the  Jura,  and 
on  our  left  the  Mont  Salcve,  and  the  valley  of 
the  Arve,  served  as  bases  to  the  grand  forms  of 
the  Mole,  the  Buet,  and  Mont  Blanc.  The  city 
of  Geneva  is  more  beautiful  from  this  approach 
than  from  any  other.  The  fine  road  on  which  we 
proceeded  was  the  foreground  to  the  lake — the 
lake  to  the  city ;  and  this  was  surrounded  by  its 
apparently  vast  garden,  studded  with  villas,  and 
the  whole  bounded  by  lofty  mountains.  We  en- 
tered Geneva  by  the  Porte  de  Rive,  and  I  soon 
found  myself  in  my  old  quarters  at  the  Ecu  de 
Geneve. 

2lst. — My  friend  did  not  arrive  from  Lausanne 
yesterday.  I  have  received  letters  which  make 
me  anxious  to  return  to  England  ;  but  as  we  had 
divided  our  last  five  Napoleons,  except  a  bill  on 
Herries  and  Co.,  which  he  proposed  cashing  at 
Lausanne,  and  dividing  with  me  when  we  met 
again  at  Geneva,  I  was  almost  pennyless.  On 
inquiry,  I  learnt  that  onl}^  one  place  remained 
in  the  Paris  diligence  for  to-morrow  moi-ning, 
and  that  another  could  not  be  had  for  three 
days.  I  had  the  good  fortune  to  meet  a  friend 
who  offered  me  his  purse.  I  have  secured  that 
place,  and  1  shall  start  to-morrow^  morning  at  four 
o'clock. 


ROUTE  TO  PARIS.  185 

2Qth.  —  I  reached  Paris  last  evening,  after  a 
long  journey  of  four  days  and  three  nights.  The 
second  night  was  very  fatiguing ;  this  passed  off, 
however,  and  before  I  reached  Paris  I  felt  no 
more  tired  than  on  the  first  six  hours  of  my 
journey.  We  breakfasted  on  the  first  day  at  St. 
Cergue,  on  the  Jura,  whence  the  view  of  the  lake 
of  Geneva  and  Mont  Blanc  is  very  magnificent. 
At  La  Rousses  we  arrived  on  the  French  frontier, 
and  our  baggage  and  persons  underwent  a  severe 
seai'ch.  Near  the  custom-house  there  is  a  fine 
view  of  the  little  lake  of  Rousses,  the  highest 
source  of  the  waters  of  the  Lac  de  Joux  and  the 
lake  of  Neufchatel,  the  course  of  the  valley  being 
from  this  elevation  on  the  Jura  to  the  latter 
lake. 

From  La  Rousses  we  rapidly  descended  to  the 
little  town  of  Morey,  where  our  passports  were 
again  demanded.  Ascending  from  Morey,  we 
continued  travelling  through  the  night  in  the 
mountainous  districts  of  the  Jura.  We  supped  at 
St.  Laurent ;  and  at  the  next  post,  Maison-Neuve, 
we  were  turned  out  at  midnight  to  submit  aorain 
to  an  examination  of  baggage  and  person  at  a 
station  of  douaniers ;  thence  we  passed  through 
Campagnole,  and  at  daylight  looked  out  from  the 
hills  above  Poligmy  on  the  boundless  plains  of 
France.  We  reached  Dole  about  twelve  o'clock, 
where   we   had   to   wait  for   the   diligence   from 


186  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

Besain^-on,  which  takes  the  passengers  by  the 
Geneva  diligence  from  Dole  to  Paris.  We  started 
again  about  two  o'clock,  and  reached  Dijon  at 
eight  iu  the  evening  of  the  23d.  From  Dijon  I 
had  a  pleasant  travelling  companion  in  a  medical 
student  going  to  Paris :  he  was  a  bit  of  a  philoso- 
pher, but  his  knowledge  of  books  was  no  match 
for  our  conducteur's  knowledge  of  the  world ;  he 
had  served  twelve  years  as  a  soldier  of  Napo- 
leon, and,  moreover,  sung  delightfully ;  and  when- 
ever he  failed  in  an  argument,  he  finished  in  a 
song.  If  his  spirits  were  not  exhaustless,  they 
at  least  lasted  to  Paris,  and  enabled  me  to  pass 
through  this  uninteresting  part  of  France  without 
ennui. 

21th. — Charles  Dix  has  made  his  entrte  as  king 
into  Paris  to-day,  and  I  joined  the  world  in  a  peep 
at  the  cortege :  the  weather  was  wretched,  and  mine 
made  one  of  ten  thousand  umbrellas  which  were 
paraded  by  the  expectants  in  the  Boulevards.  I 
waited  for  royalty  until  I  was  thoroughly  tired. 
Not  a  book  or  print-stall  was  open  to  calm  one's 
impatience,  and  two  hours  passed  away  after  my 
arrival  in  the  Boulevards  Italiens,  before  the  dis- 
charge of  one  hundred  pieces  of  artillery  announced 
that  his  majesty  had  mounted  his  horse.  Tired 
with  standing,  and  thinking  it  unwise  to  remain 
ankle-deep  in  mud  any  longer,  I  got  a  place  on 
a  sort   of  temporary  stage,   for  which  they  had 


ENTREE  OF  CHARLES  X.  187 

asked  three  francs,  but  as  the  price  fell  with  the 
rain,  I  was  a  welcome  customer  at  one.  The 
discharge  of  the  cannon  put  tout  le  monde  on  the 
qui  vive ;  but  it  was  still  nearly  an  hour  before  a 
line  of  trumpeters  appeared,  followed  by  regiments 
of  lancers,  cuirassiers,  and  body-guards,  twelve 
deep.  The  Dukes  of  Bourbon,  Orleans,  and  An- 
gouleme,  followed,  with  their  establishments  and 
staffs,  then  the  King,  with  the  marshals  and  great 
officers  of  state.  The  spectacle,  in  its  way,  was 
certainly  very  imposing.  All  were  on  horseback 
except  the  Duchesses  of  Angouleme,  Berri,  and 
Orleans,  who  followed  in  mourning  coaches,  each 
drawn  by  eight  horses.  Then  followed  the  char- 
bonniers,  millers,  and  other  tagrag  and  bobtail, 
privileged  to  form  part  of  the  show ;  and  the 
national  guards  brought  up  the  rear  of  a  pro- 
cession which  was  one  hour  in  passing  me.  I 
regretted  the  unfavourable  weather  ;  but  it  was 
consolatory  to  see  the  justice  of  Heaven,  in  equally 
drenching  the  king  and  the  coal-heavers.  It  might 
have  been  a  lesson  of  humility  to  the  loftiest,  and 
of  submission  to  its  decrees,  to  all.  The  procession 
moved  on  to  the  cathedral  of  Notre  Dame.  I  did 
not  wait  for  its  return ;  my  impatience  to  get  to 
England  occupied  my  heart,  and  the  eyes  had  no 
chance  with  such  a  competitor  to  detain  me  dur- 
ing a  repetition  of  the  mummery.     I  shall  return 


188  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

by  the  first  conveyance,  delighted  with  my  trip, 
and  leaving  for  future  opportunity  the  examination 
of  such  other  routes  in  the  Alps  as  I  am  desirous 
of  exploring  for  the  objects  which  led  to  this 
excursion. 


JOURNAL 


OF 


AN   EXCURSION 


IN    THE 

COTTIAN,  PENNINE,  RHETIAN,  LEPONTIAN, 
AND  BERNESE  ALPS  : 

INCLUDING  THE 

PASSES  OF  THE  MONT  CENIS,  THE  MONT  CERVIN, 

THE  MONT  MORO,  THE  SPLUGEN,  THE  ST.  BERNARDIN, 

THE  ST.  GOTHARD,  THE  BRUNIG,  THE  GRIMSEL, 

THE  GRIES,  AND  THE  SIMPLON. 


JOURNAL 


OF 


AN   EXCURSION 


IN    THE 


COTTIAN,  PENNINE,  RHETIAN,  LEPONTIAN, 
AND  BERNESE  ALPS. 


CHAPTER  XII. 

Departure  —  Boulogne  —  Paris  —  Forest  of  Fontainebleau  — 
Montargis  —  Gens-d'arme  ^ — Valley  of  the  Loire  —  Nivers 

—  Valley  of  the  Allier — Roanne — Mont  Tarare  —  Lyons 
— Departure  for  Chamberry — Voiturier — Pont  Beauvoisin 

—  Defile  of  La  Caille  —  Les  Eschelles — New  Gallery — 
Old  Roads — Chamberry. 

Left  home  alone  on  Friday  evening,  July  29tli, 
1825,  and  on  the  30th  reached  Boulogne,  by  the 
Britannia  steamer.  One  of  her  engines  became 
deranged  on  the  voyage,  and  delayed  us  an  hour ; 
yet,  though  we  could  only  proceed  with  the  power 
of  one  engine,  we  arrived  after  a  passage  of  four 
hours  and  a  half. 


192  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

Boulo2;ne  was  crowded  with  the  waste  and 
the  worst  of  English  society.  I  never,  within  two 
hours,  heard  and  saw  so  much  of  the  Rainsbottom 
family  and  its  vulgarities.  The  Hotel  des  Londres 
was  full  of  visitors  ;  I  sheltered  in  the  Hotel  du 
Nord  :  even  the  name  had  some  temptation  in  it 
with  the  thei-mometer  at  90°. 

Late  at  night  the  Hero  steamer  arrived  from 
London  with  a  Cockney  cargo  of  357  bold  ad- 
venturers ;  they  bade  defiance  to  douaniers,  and 
stormed  several  hotels ;  but  as  there  were  many 
more  bodies  arrived  than  beds  to  receive  them, 
several  crept  into  diligences,  or  bivouacked  in  the 
street. 

3\st.  —  Started  for  Paris  by  Abbeville  and 
Beauvais.  At  the  Hotel  du  Lion  Noir,  at  the 
former  place,  we  had,  as  usual  at  this  house,  a 
villanous  dinner,  at  an  exorbitant  charge.  Whilst 
we  breakfasted  at  Beaumont-sur-Oise,  a  thief  stole 
my  casquette  from  the  diligence.  Arrived  in  Paris 
at  four  P.M.  on  the  1st  of  August. 

Arrangements  for  my  journey  and  delays  of 
office  detained  me  there  five  days.  For  two  or 
three,  Paris,  to  those  best  acquainted  with  it, 
is  always  endurable.  Changes  occur  from  year 
to  year ;  and  those  who  remember  it  at  longer  in- 
tervals can  see  some  that  are  important  enough 
to  induce  reflection.  I  especially  noticed  the  im- 
provement in  the  dress  and  manners  of  the  men. 


ROUTE  TO  LYONS  BY  THE  BOURBONNAIS.   193 

which  was  so  slow  in  rising  from  the  period  of 
sans-cullotism  to  that  of  the  Restoration,  that  a 
respectahle  Frenchman  was  scarcely  distinguished 
from  the  canaille,  in  dress,  when  the  Bourbons  re- 
turned. Now,  thanks,  of  course,  to  the  influence 
of  woman,  they  bear  about  them  the  character- 
istics of  smartness  and  comfort.  Again,  trifling 
as  the  illustration  may  seem,  I  observed,  as  one 
proof  of  the  passing  away  of  the  military  mania 
of  the  French,  that  there  was  less  seen  of  the 
Little  Hero  Gout.  Children  are  not  so  often 
met  with,  as  formerly,  fantastically  dressed  as 
soldiers — led  about  through  the  dirty  streets  of 
Paris,  and  exhibited  half  asleep  and  draggle- 
tailed,  pitied  by  all  but  the  dreaming  and  de- 
lighted parents,  in  whose  eyes  they  seemed  to  be 
future  Napoleons. 

August  Qth.  —  Left  Paris  at  six  in  the  morning 
by  that  diligence  to  Lyons  which  passes  through 
the  Bourbonnais.  We  reached  Montargis  at  six 
in  the  evening,  after  a  dull  day's  journey,  except 
in  the  ride  through  the  forest  of  Fontainebleau, 
where  a  gloom  and  primitive  wildness  prevail 
which  the  traveller  scarcely  expects  to  encounter. 
The  trees  are  of  large  size,  and  there  is  a  savage 
and  broken  surface  of  ground  seen  through  occa- 
sional openings  from  the  main  road,  where  vast 
rocks  are  fantastically  piled  and  huge  stones  are 
strewn  about.     Those  parts  of  the  forest  seem  to 

K 


194  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

have  been  thus  left  from  the  period  of  a  great 
convulsion.  In  other  parts,  the  smooth  glades 
present,  beneath  the  shade  of  the  forest,  carpeted 
avenues  where  fairies  might  revel.  That  portion 
of  the  forest  which  lies  beyond  Fontainebleau  is 
the  wildest ;  and  as  the  ground  at  this  extremity 
is  high  above  Nemours,  the  vast  plains  observed 
from  it,  stretching  away  towards  the  unseen  Loire, 
present  a  boundless  expanse  to  the  eye. 

At  Montargis  we  saw  the  ruins  of  the  once 
celebrated  chateau  where  the  old  court  of  France 
was  often  held,  and  where  the  queens  of  France, 
induced  by  the  pretended  purity  of  the  air,  or  the 
real  fashion  of  the  custom,  came  to  their  accouche- 
mens;  and  so  numerous  were  the  royal  births  there, 
that  the  chateau  acquired  the  name  of  Le  Berceau 
ties  Enfans  de  France. 

Night  robbed  us  of  the  first  scene  of  the  valley 
of  the  Loire,  as  it  is  usually  observed  from  the  hill 
before  descending  upon  Briare,  and  which,  under 
favourable  circumstances,  displays  one  of  the  most 
beautiful  views  on  this  route. 

The  next  morning,  at  ten,  breakfasted  at  La 
Charite.  On  the  road  there  a  dispute  had  taken 
place  between  the  conducteur  of  our  diligence  and 
the  people  of  the  last  jiost-house  at  Pouilly :  a 
man  Avas  sent  after  him  to  claim  twenty-four 
francs,  omitted  to  be  paid  to  the  master;  but  it 
ajopeared    that    the    conducteur's    accounts    -were 


VALLEY  OF  THE  LOIRE.  195 

clear,  and  the  error  or  roguery  the  postmaster's. 
Two  gens-d'armes  passed  on  the  road  with  a  pri- 
soner, chained  round  the  neck,  and  held  by  one 
of  them.  These  men  in  authority  were  referred 
to  by  the  complainant,  and  we  were  detained  until 
they  heard  the  evidence  on  both  sides,  when  they 
decided  in  favour  of  the  conducteur. 

The  valley  of  the  Loire,  through  which  our 
route  lay,  is  very  beautihd,  rich  in  all  the  produc- 
tions of  soil,  well  inhabited,  and  full  of  life  and 
bustle,  from  the  advantages  which  the  navigation 
of  the  Loire  afforded.  Numerous  and  often  beau- 
tifully situated  towns  enrich  the  scenery  :  one  of 
the  most  striking  of  these  is  Sancerre,  seated  on 
the  left  bank  of  the  river,  on  a  hill  whose  slopes 
are  covered  with  vineyards,  from  which  the  most 
esteemed  wine  in  the  department  is  obtained. 
We  passed  through  Nivers,  the  capital  of  the 
Nivernois,  an  ancient  division  of  France,  famous 
for  its  manufactures  of  iron,  glass,  and  coai'se 
drapery,  and  as  notorious  for  its  bad  inns.  At 
Nivers  the  road  leaves  the  valley  of  the  Loire, 
and  ascends  that  of  the  Allier.  About  ten  at 
night  we  reached  Moulins,  rendered  interesting 
to  Englishmen  by  Sterne's  tale  of  *'  Maria."  The 
second  night,  usually  the  most  fatiguing  of  a  long 
journey,  carried  us  through  a  country  generally 
uninteresting,  until  we  reached  the  Loire  again  at 
Roanne  the  third  day  about  ten  a.m. 


196  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


Soon  after  leaving  Roanne,  we  began  our 
ascent  towards  the  Mont  Tarare,  where  the  scenery- 
is  very  grand  and  of  great  extent :  it  rises  3000 
feet  above  the  level  of  the  sea.  A  road  of  ad- 
mirable construction,  one  of  the  benefits  of  Napo- 
leon, Avas  carried  over  the  Mont  Tarare  by  Ceard, 
the  engineer  of  the  route  of  the  Simplon.  In 
passing  the  Tarare  I  was  struck  by  the  appear- 
ance of  industry  and  comfort  which  every  where 
presented  itself:  the  high  hills  were  cultivated  to 
their  summits,  and  every  child  was  employed  in 
spinning  or  working  upon  a  tambour-frame.  An 
old  French  gentleman,  a  fellow-traveller  in  the 
diligence,  spoke  of  the  independence  and  property 
of  the  farmers  of  the  mountain  ;  nearly  every  one 
of  them,  he  said,  was  living  upon  his  own  little 
estate.  The  fine  road  by  which  we  descended  to 
Tarare  made  the  old  gentleman  eloquent  upon 
Napoleon ;  and  I  was  struck  with  an  observation 
of  his  upon  one  of  the  causes  of  the  decline  of  the 
emperor's  power.  His  marshals  and  generals,  he 
said,  were  possessed  of  riches  and  raised  to  rank 
which  could  not  be  increased  by  further  service ; 
they  grew  cautious  as  they  grew  older  and  as 
military  ardour  subsided  :  they  deserted  him  to 
secure  what  they  had  gained. 

Tarare  is  a  place  of  extensive  manufactures 
in  silk  and  flax.  Some  English  capitalists  have 
established  themselves  here,  of  whom  the  natives 


TURIN,  197 

are  very  jealous  :  we  met  some  of  their  English 
workmen  on  the  Mont  Tarare,  returning  by  ano- 
ther diligence  to  England.  I  was  ashamed  of 
their  boisterous  conduct  and  violent  swearing,  by 
which  they  evidently  thought  they  were  distin- 
guishing themselves:  so  they  were  —  as  black- 
guards. It  was  midnight  before  we  reached  the 
bureau  at  Lyons. 

lOth.  —  Met  yesterday,  at  the  table  d'hote,  a 
young  Scotchman  going  to  Genoa  by  Turin.  We 
agreed  to  travel  together,  and  bargained  with  a 
voiturier  to  take  us  to  Turin  in  six  days  for  sixty- 
nine  francs  each,  including  our  lodgings  at  the 
resting  places.  This  morning  we  started  at  five 
o'clock.  On  leaving  the  suburbs  we  were  sur- 
prised at  our  voiturier's  coolly  ojiening  the  door 
to  let  in  two  Savoyards,  whom  he  had  agreed  to 
take  to  Turin,  though  his  bargain  with  us  was  for 
our  sole  occupation  of  his  carriage  :  this  we  pro- 
tested against,  and  ordered  him  to  return  to  the 
inn,  or  leave  his  new  customers  on  the  road ;  but 
the  rascal  made  coaxing  appeals  to  our  gene- 
rosity, said  it  would  be  of  service  .to  the  respect- 
able young  men  and  himself,  and  it  should  be 
no  inconvenience  or  cause  of  delay  to  us,  if  we 
would  allow  them  to  enter  the  voiture  :  it  was 
too  early  to  refer  to  a  magistrate,  and  to  return 
would  be  to  lose  a  day — we  threatened  to  mulct 
him   of  half  the    sum    agreed   upon,    they  were 


198  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

admitted,  and  we  proceeded.  Slept  at  Tour  du 
Pin. 

llth.  —  Started  at  four;  arrived,  at  eight 
o'clock,  at  Pont  Beauvoisin,  a  little  town  on  the 
Guiers  Vif,  a  river  forming  part  of  the  frontier 
boundary  of  France  and  Savoy  :  here  the  custom- 
houses are  stationed.  The  douaniers  were  civil, 
and  gave  us  no  trouble ;  but  we  were  detained  an 
hour  for  the  examination  of  our  passports,  as  both 
the  French  and  Sardinian  authorities  were  asleep 
when  we  arrived. 

After  leaving  Pont  Beauovisin,  our  route  lay 
through  a  rich  and  beautiful  country,  but  appa- 
rently bounded  by  a  mountain  before  us;  a  road, 
however,  led  up  its  side  to  the  abrupt  defile  of  La 
Caille,  a  ravine  cut  through  by  the  Guiers,  which 
foamed  and  forced  its  way  far  below  the  terrace 
by  which  the  road  is  carried  through  this  narrow 
gorge.  This  is  the  spot  where  J.  J.  Rousseau, 
in  that  record  of  his  follies  the  "  Confessions," 
says,  "  On  his  way  to  visit  Madame  de  Warrens, 
at  Les  Charmettes,  near  Chamberry,  he  enjoyed 
the  pleasure  of  rolling  stones  from  the  road  into 
the  roaring  torrent  below,  and  observed  them 
bound  from  ledge  to  ledge,  before  they  reached 
their  goal  in  the  depth  and  distance."  We  failed 
not  to  seek  amusement  in  the  same  way.  On 
looking  back  from  the  entrance  to  the  defile 
towards  France,  we  enjoyed  a  scene  of  exceeding 


LES  ESCHELLES.  199 

beauty.  The  road  through  the  defile  is  wild  and 
fine  all  the  way  to  the  village  of  Les  Eschelles, 
where  we  arrived  about  twelve  o'clock. 

After  we  had  breakfasted,  we  walked  on,  as 
we  thought,  towards  the  grand  gallery ;  but 
having  crossed  a  bridge,  and  proceeded  a  little 
way  towards  whei*e  two  roads  branched  off",  we 
found  both  so  villanously  bad,  that  we  suspected 
we  had  made  some  mistake :  to  our  vexation, 
we  learnt,  upon  inquiry,  that  we  were  again 
within  the  frontiers  of  France ;  and  on  retracing 
our  way  to  the  bridge,  we  saw  the  douaniers 
searching  those  who  passed,  and  expected  the 
same  treatment ;  instead  of  which,  they  laughed 
at  our  error,  and  one  of  them  walked  with  us  a 
little  way,  to  put  us  in  the  road  to  Chamberry ; 
and  when  he  saw  us  preparing  to  reward  him, 
he  left  us  to  avoid  it.  We  walked  on  before 
our  voiture,  to  examine  the  new  gallery  and  road 
formed  by  order  of  Napoleon  ;  the  old  road  crossed 
the  valley, —  the  present  winds  round  it,  gradually 
ascending.  The  eye  could  trace  the  course  of  the 
new  line  to  its  termination  in  the  gallery,  the 
entrance  to  which,  halfway  up  the  face  of  the  per- 
pendicular rocks,  was  so  mere  a  speck,  that  it 
appeared  incredible  to  us  that  it  should  be  the 
celebrated  road  of  Les  Eschelles. 

On  our  way  to  the  gallery,  we  were  exposed  to 
a  violent  storm,  till  we  found  shelter  beneath  one 


200  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

of  the  arches  of  the  new  bridges,  or  aqueducts, 
formed  to  keep  the  road  dry.  We  soon  reached 
what  was  pointed  out  to  us  from  below  as  the  en- 
trance to  the  new  gallery,  which  we  found  to  be  25 
feet  high,  and  of  the  same  width,  and  307  metres, 
or  1000  English  feet,  long, — a  much  greater  length 
than  that  of  Gondo,  in  the  Simplon,  which  is  only 
182  metres.  After  walking  through,  we  met  an  old 
soldier,  a  Cantonier,  who  lives  in  a  hovel  on  the 
Savoy  side  of  the  gallery.  Leaving  directions  to 
stop  the  voiture  until  our  return,  he  accompanied 
us  to  the  two  old  roads.  On  the  most  ancient, 
some  Roman  pavement  still  remains :  he  pointed 
out  the  entrance  to  the  old  passage,  which  gave 
rise  to  the  name  Les  Eschelles,  retained  by  the 
village  below.  The  road  passed  through  a  deep 
cavern,  by  which  travellers  had  to  descend  on 
ladders  more  than  eighty  feet ;  and  on  appearing 
again  in  open  day  on  the  face  of  the  rocks,  had 
double  that  depth  still  to  descend  by  ladders  to 
get  to  the  valley  below.  This  passage  was  always 
dangerous  to  the  unskilful,  and  often  rendered  im- 
passable by  the  snow  and  torrents  which  rushed 
through  the  cavern  :  it  is  now  blocked  up,  and 
has  not  been  employed  since  1670,  when  Charles 
Emmanuel,  second  duke  of  Savoy,  as  we  are  in- 
formed by  a  monument  upon  the  road  which  he 
made,  "  forced  open  the  rocks,  levelled  the  moun- 
tains, caused  their  menacing  heights  to  roll  at  his 


NEW  GALLERY.  201 

feet,  and,  superior  to  the  Romans,  who,  though 
superior  to  so  many  others,  had  never  attempted 
this  great  work,  had  conquered  Nature  herself  by 
the  opening  of  this  triumphal  way,  which  assured 
for  ever  to  his  people  on  the  opposite  sides  of  this 
gorge  the  means  of  communication  between  them." 
The  work  was  certainly  one  of  extraordinary  diffi- 
culty, and  much  was  accomplished  even  in  form- 
ing, in  such  a  situation,  a  narrow,  steep,  and  dif- 
ficult road.  It  remained,  however,  for  the  en- 
gineers of  Buonaparte  to  pierce  a  gallery  307 
metres  through  the  mountain,  and  leave  the  old 
road,  and  its  bombastic  record,  to  be  visited  only 
as  a  curiosity.  The  new  road  was  left  unfinished 
by  Buonaparte  ;  but,  to  the  credit  of  the  late  King 
of  Sardinia,  it  was  completed  and  open  to  travellers 
in  the  year  1817. 

Upon  the  entrance  of  the  French  army  into 
Italy,  the  old  road  was  strongly  contested  at  its 
entrance,  and  innumerable  marks  are  yet  seen 
upon  the  rocks  and  the  monument,  which  were 
pointed  out  to  us  by  our  guide,  of  the  balls  ex- 
changed by  the  contending  parties. 

It  is  a  curious  fact,  that  at  one  time,  when  the 
monument,  with  its  inscription,  was  in  a  worse  state 
of  dilapidation  than  it  is  at  present,  it  was  repaired 
by  order  of  Buonaparte.  To  commemorate  its 
restoration,  the  following  memorial  was  added 
upon  a  tablet  below  the  old  inscription :  — 

k2 


202  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

HOC   MERITUM 

OPTIMI   SABAUDIiE   DUCIS   MONUMENTUM 

AUSPICE   BOXAPARTE 

PRIMUM   FRANCORUM   CONSULE   IIESTAUIIATUM 

ANNO   REIPUBLIC.E   GALLIC.E  XI.  (1803.) 

Not  a  word  of  this  inscription  can  now  be 
traced. 

The  opposite  ends  of  the  gallery  present  very 
different  scenes  :  on  looking  towards  France,  the 
view  is  beautiful  of  the  valley  of  Les  Eschelles ; 
towards  Italy,  it  is  a  ravine,  rocky  and  sterile, 
called  the  Valley  of  Couz,  which  continues  some 
way,  and  then  expands  into  the  plain  of  Cham- 
berry.  The  route,  in  many  places,  reminded  me 
of  the  parish  cross-roads  in  England  twenty  years 
since,  its  condition  is  so  bad.  Near  Chamberry, 
however,  it  is  undergoing  great  improvement,  and 
about  two  miles  of  what  promises  to  be  straight 
and  excellent  is  constructing.  We  arrived  at  the 
capital  of  Savoy  early  enough  to  visit  some  plea- 
sant promenades  in  the  Boulevards.  Slept  at 
Chamberry. 


203 


CHAPTER  XIII. 

Montmelian  —  Aiguebelle — Valley  of  the  Arc  —  St.  Jean  de 
Maurienne  —  Modane — Lanslebourg — Hotel  Roy  ale — A 
Dog  and  a  Duel — Ascent  of  the  Mont  Cenis  —  Game  — 
Descent  to  Suza  —  Plain  of  St.  Nicholas  —  Short  Cut  — 
Suza  —  Valley  of  the  Doire  —  Monastery  of  St.  Michael — 
Turin  —  Bankers  —  St.  Anthony's  Miracles — Road  to  Ca- 
luso — Ivrea — Val  d'Aosta — Chatillon — Baths  of  St.  Vm- 
cent — Bear-Hunt. 

August  \'Zth.  —  Soon  after  leaving  the  capital 
of  Savoy,  we  saw  the  Alps  which  divide  this  part 
of  the  states  of  Sardinia  from  the  department  of 
the  High  Alps,  in  France,  and  the  scenery  became 
more  interesting,  especially  at  Montmelian,  which 
is  finely  situated  on  the  Isere  :  from  its  old  fort, 
the  view  down  the  vale  of  Gresivaudan  is  very 
beautiful.  At  Montmelian  we  drank  some  ex- 
cellent wine,  for  which  its  vineyards  are  cele- 
brated ;  and,  crossing  the  Isere,  continued  to 
ascend  its  left  bank  for  some  time ;  but  we  soon 
drove  through  a  mere  lane,  without  scenery  and 
without  interest :  filth  and  its  attendants,  goitres 
and  cretins,  often  met  the  eye ;  and  the  road 
continued  didl  until  we  arrived  at  the  neat  and 
prettily   situated   town    of  Aiguebelle,    where   we 


204  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

took  our  dejeunc  a  la  fourchette.  I  was  struck 
with  the  prodigious  size  of  a  remise  at  Aiguebelle ; 
it  measured  1 30  feet  by  80.  Tiie  necessity  for  build- 
ing it  so  large  led  us  to  augur  favourably  of  the 
state  of  commerce  on  this  route. 

Continuing  to  ascend  on  the  banks  of  the  Arc 
to  La  Chambre,  we  met  many  carts  laden  with 
roasted  iron  ore  ;  lead,  also,  is  raised  in  the  valley. 
The  peasants  were  generally  engaged  in  getting  in 
their  scanty  harvest.  The  soil  is  rarely  dressed, 
and  its  miserable  jDroduce  as  seldom  cut, — it  is 
pulled  up ;  and  I  should  think,  with  our  English 
notions  of  the  value  of  labour,  not  worth  the  time 
bestowed  upon  it,  except  in  some  of  the  flats  of 
the  valley,  where  the  ground  lies  above  the  deso- 
lating effects  of  the  winter  torrents ;  yet  every 
nook  into  which  a  handful  of  orain  could  be 
thrown  had  been  thus  appropriated.  At  La 
Chambre,  it  was  necessary  to  enter  the  inn 
through  the  kitchen,  which  effectually  destroyed 
the  appetite  raised  by  the  day's  journey ;  in  our 
transit,  however,  we  bore  away  a  thousand  fleas, 
Avho  were,  doubtless,  as  greatly  rejoiced  as  our- 
selves at  their  escape.  The  sunset  before  our 
arrival  at  La  Chambre  presented  one  of  those 
splendid  scenes  sometimes  witnessed  in  the  Alps, 
when  their  summits  reflect  all  the  glorious  hues 
which  the  sun  imparts  to  them  before  he  sinks 
below  the  horizon. 


VALLEY  OF  THE  ARC.  205 

I3th.  —  Started  at  four,  and  soon  arrived  at  St. 
Jean  de  Maurienne,  the  chief  place  in  the  Valley 
of  the  Arc.  Here  nothino-  remains  to  interest  the 
traveller  :  the  time  has,  happily,  passed  away  when 
the  tyranny  of  its  Comtes  and  the  violence  of  re- 
ligious disputation  were  sources  of  misery  to  its 
inhabitants.  The  doctrines  of  Calvin  once  excited 
great  troubles  here ;  now  the  bears  and  the  ava- 
lanches are  the  only  disturbers  of  the  tranquillity 
of  these  valleys.  A  fine  defile  conducted  us  to 
St.  Michael.  I  mounted  to  the  site  of  an  old  toAver ; 
the  scene  below,  of  a  little  basin  in  the  Valley  of 
the  Arc,  was  very  picturesque.  After  taking  re- 
freshment we  again  skirted  the  river  to  Modane ; 
the  road  was  dull,  and  unlike  the  near  approaches 
to  the  Alps  which  I  had  witnessed  in  other  passes. 
At  Modane  our  Aoiturier  insisted  upon  resting, 
instead  of  at  Lanslebourg,  which  he  had  originally 
agreed  to  do :  if  he  had  any  unworthy  motive  in 
this,  we  endeavoured  to  defeat  it;  Mr.  M'F.  and  I 
walked  on  to  Lanslebourg,  fourteen  miles,  though 
it  is  stated  in  the  French  post-book  to  be  four 
posts.  The  road  from  Modane  commences  by 
skirting  the  Mont  Bramante ;  rising  by  a  steep 
ascent  to  Fort  Lesseillon,  beneath  a  dense  forest  of 
pines  ;  it  was  here,  that,  when  Walpole  was  going 
to  Italy,  his  little  dog  was  seized  by  a  wolf,  and 
borne  away  up  the  mountain.  The  scene  around 
is  of  a  very  wild  character.    The  fort,  which  is  now 


206  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

repairing,  is  of  great  strength,  and  admirably  situ- 
ated for  the  protection  of  the  pass;  a  horrid  defile, 
many  hundreds  of  feet  deep,  through  which  the 
Arc  forces  its  way,  divides  the  fort  from  the  road. 
It  is  not  too  wide  for  the  construction  of  a  bridge ; 
for  a  single  arch  spans  the  gulf,  in  a  terrific  situa- 
tion, and  bears,  as  usual  in  such  places,  the  name 
of  the  Great  Pontifex  —  II  Diavolo.    A  bomb-proof 
building  is  constructing  on  the  side  of  the  defile 
opposite  to  the  fort.      The  situation  is  extremely 
savage,   commanding,   and   picturesque.      Thence 
the  road  descends  to  the  village  of  Bramante,  dis- 
tant about  three  miles,  and  continues  in  the  valley 
without   any  interest  in    its    scenery.      We   were 
much  annoyed,  on  arriving  at  Termignon,  at  find- 
ing that  it  was  not   Lanslebourg  :    our  inquiries 
about  the  distance  were  answered  in  the  usual  un- 
satisfactory way,  that  is,  the  further  we  walked, 
the  further,  we  were   told,   we   still  had   to  go. 
We  arrived,  however,  at  Lanslebourg  about  nine 
o'clock;  and  the  Hotel  Royale,  established  by  a 
courier  who  had  married  an  Englishwoman  some 
years  since,   offered   to  us  more  cleanliness   and 
comfort  than  we  had  witnessed  since  we  left  home. 
The  hostess  died  last  year. 

In  these  valleys,  tlie  early  hour  of  retirement 
placed  us  in  the  difhcult  situation  of  fighting  our 
way  to  the  inn-door  against  a  mngnificent  Savoyard 
dog,  who  barked  and  howled  defiance  to  our  at- 


A  DOG  AND  A  DUEL.  207 

tempts,  for  which  he  stood  some  chance  of  heing 
shot.  At  length,  however,  a  man,  hearing  our 
threats,  popped  his  head  out  of  a  window,  and 
entreated  our  forbearance.  We  were  soon  ad- 
mitted, and  refreshments  amply  provided.  I  had 
heard  a  story  from  a  cousin,  Mr.  N.,  of  a  duel 
fought  here,  in  which  he  was  a  principal,  about  a 
dog ;  and,  upon  inquiry,  learnt  that  this  was  the 
same  animal.  A  party  of  four  young  officers, 
returning  from  Genoa  en  voiture,  stopped  here. 
Mr.  N.  had  brouo;ht  with  him  a  beautiful  little 
pet  dog,  which  had  been  presented  to  him  by  a 
lady  on  his  leaving  Genoa.  Struck  by  the  appear- 
ance of  the  fine  dog  at  the  inn,  one  of  the  officers 
bought  it ;  he  was  fairly  informed  that  the  dog 
had  been  already  sold  to  an  Englishman,  who 
had  taken  it  so  far  as  Lyons,  where  the  dog 
escaped,  and  returned  (200  miles)  to  Lanslebourg. 
The  officer  who  made  the  purchase  intended  to 
fasten  it  in  the  same  ]  lace  with  the  little  dog;  this 
Mr.  N.  objected  to,  when  his  brother-officer  made 
some  vulgar  and  offensive  allusions  to  the  lady 
at  Genoa  from  whom  the  pet  had  been  received. 
An  apology  was  demanded,  and  refused — swords 
were  instantly  drawn ;  they  fought  in  the  salle-a- 
manger.  N.  wounded  and  disarmed  his  antago- 
nist ;  an  apology  for  the  reflections  upon  the  lady 
followed  ;  and  the  party  returned  to  England, 
punished  by  having  the  painful  duty  to  perform  all 


208  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

the  way  of  nursing  their  wounded  companion.  The 
dog,  however,  was  taken  and  carried  safely  as  far 
as  Paris,  where  he  again  escaped,  as  they  sus- 
pected by  the  contrivance  of  the  voiturier,  and 
he  returned  from  Paris  —  500  miles  !  I  was 
now  informed  that  the  dog  had  been  sold  a  third 
time  to  an  Englishman,  and  again,  in  spite  of 
precautions  having  been  given,  he  had  returned 
to  Lanslebourg — I  am  almost  afraid  to  repeat 
their  statement  at  the  inn  —  from  the  sea-coast, 
Calais ! ! 

I4th.  —  We  had  much  reason  to  congratulate 
ourselves  that  we  had  walked  on  to  Lanslebourg, 
not  only  in  the  accommodation  and  civility  we  had 
received  at  the  inn,  but  in  our  gaining  four  hours 
upon  the  time  of  our  voiture,  for  we  ascended 
the  mountain  whilst  the  whole  scene  was  clear, 
and  observed,  after  ascending  by  the  tourniquets 
of  the  new  road,  the  village  which  we  had  left  in 
the  morning  lying  so  far  beneath  our  feet,  and 
almost  lost  in  the  mao;nitude  of  surround ino-  oh- 
jects,  so  that  it  could  not  be  distinguished  unless 
sought ;  the  caserne  at  Lanslebourg,  built  by  Buo- 
naparte, Avas  just  perceived,  though  it  would  con- 
tain 3000  men,  with  excellent  accommodation. 

We  observed  an  iris  of  a  remarkably  flattened, 
elliptical  form,  spanning  the  great  glacier  of  the 
Roche  Chevriere,  above  Termignon.  This  pre- 
cursor of  rain  induced  us  to  hasten  on,  and  wander 


PLAIN  ON  THE  CENIS.  209 

from  the  high  road  in  search  of  a  short  cut ;  but, 
losing  our  way,  we  made  it  a  long  one  ere  we 
arrived  at  the  inn  and  post-house  on  the  Mont 
Cenis  :  this  was  before  the  clouds,  which  were  de- 
scending, obscured  any  of  the  objects  from  us.  I 
was  struck  with  the  extent  and  beautiful  situation 
of  the  lake  on  the  plain,  which  abounds  in  delicious 
trout;  though  we  could  only  procure  one,  the  monks 
at  the  hospice,  to  whom  the  fish  belong,  not  having 
more  in  store ;  but  the  deficiency  was  amply 
amended  by  a  brace  of  grouse,  which  my  Scotch 
companion  discovered,  by  instinct,  for  they  were 
concealed,  it  being  three  days  earlier  than  the  taking 
of  game  here  was  legal.  The  grouse  disappeared 
before  our  appetites  were  spoiled,  and  we  suc- 
ceeded in  adding  a  blackcock  ;  the  whole  of  which 
—  tell  it  not  in  Gath  !  —  was  expended  before 
our  mountain  hunger  was  appeased.  Our  host 
modestly  demanded  fourteen  francs  from  us  for 
our  dtjeunt ;  we  remonstrated  against  such  an 
overcharge ;  his  justification  was,  ''  Messieurs, 
vous  avez  mange  trois  faisans."  We  admitted 
this,  but  said  we  had  not  eaten  any  thing  else 
except  one  small  trout ;  "  Eh  bien,  messieurs  ; 
mais  vous  avez  mange  trois  faisans."  We  got  off, 
however,  and  satisfied  our  host,  by  paying  ten 
francs.  Our  passports  were  signed  on  the  moun- 
tain, at  the  station  of  the  carabineers. 

The  magnificent  carriage-road  which  now  exists 


210  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

over  the  Mont  Cenis,  is  one  of  those  benefits  be- 
stowed by  Napoleon  upon  mankind  whicli  will 
long  survive  all  the  injuries  inflicted  by  his  ambi- 
tion. It  was  begun  in  1803,  and  completed  in 
1810,  at  an  expense  of  300,000/. ;  and  so  imme- 
diate were  its  benefits,  that,  in  the  first  year  of  its 
being  opened,  2911  carriages,  14,037  carts  and 
wagons,  and  37,255  horses  and  mules,  traversed 
the  mountain.  It  was  only  in  the  summer,  from 
May  to  October,  that  the  works  could  be  carried 
on.  During  that  time  the  scenes  must  have  been 
very  animated  ;  sometimes,  within  a  short  dis- 
tance, 2000  men  were  employed — most  of  them 
barracked  on  the  shores  of  the  lake,  6300  feet 
above  the  level  of  the  sea.  At  sunset  a  last  salute 
announced  the  close  of  the  labours  of  the  day  ; 
and  during  half  an  hour,  the  reports  of  blasting 
the  rocks  reverberated  in  the  mountains :  a  little 
after,  the  camp  was  illuminated  by  the  fires  of  the 
workmen  preparing  their  evening  repast. 

Before  we  left  the  plain  of  the  Cenis,  the  rain 
fell  heavily ;  but  as  we  saw  it  did  not  extend  far 
below  into  the  valleys,  we  decided  to  walk  on  to 
Suza,  and  before  we  arrived  at  the  barriere  of 
Piemont  the  rain  had  ceased  to  us.  This  barricre 
is  in  the  middle  of  a  small  basin,  called  the  plain  of 
St.  Nicolas,  around  which,  on  the  right,  the  I'oad 
formerly  skirted  the  mountain  ;  but  it  was  so  sub- 
ject to  avalanches,  that,  though  well  constructed 


PLAIN  ON  THE  CENIS.  211 

and  much  the  shortest,  it  is  now  avoided,  and  a 
bridge  is  even  broken  down  to  prevent  the  tempta- 
tion of  a  shorter  road  leading  into  danger.  The 
frequent  falls  of  snow  and  debris  had  made  the 
rocks  and  sides  of  the  mountain  smooth,  and  the 
accidents  were  consequently  more  frequent  and 
certain.  To  avoid  this  great  danger,  a  straight 
road  is  raised  above  the  plain  about  twelve  feet, 
and  so  distant  from  either  side  of  the  valley  that 
the  avalanches  cannot  extend  to  the  present  road  ; 
whilst  the  descent  from  the  Grand  Croix,  as  the 
Piemont  extremity  of  the  plain  of  Mont  Cenis  is 
called,  is  by  a  zig-zag  road,  perfectly  safe,  cut  in 
the  mountain-side.  From  the  little  plain  of  St. 
Nicolas  the  road  descends  gradually  the  whole 
way  to  Susa.  Novalise,  at  the  extremity  of  its 
valley  leading  to  Susa,  is  seen  far  below  on  the 
left,  and  shortly  after,  at  a  turn  in  the  road,  Susa 
itself  is  observed  deep  and  distant  in  the  valley : 
but  the  route  affords  little  of  the  picturesque  ;  and, 
either  as  presenting  scenes  in  nature  or  a  work  of 
art,  sinks  into  insignificance  before  the  route  of 
the  Simplon. 

The  grandest  feature  in  the  scenery  of  this 
descent  is  the  magnificent  mountain  mass  of  the 
Roche  Melon,  rising  abruptly  from  the  valley 
nearly  10,000  feet.  On  its  summit  was  a  little 
chapel,  formerly  a  place  of  annual  pilgrimage, 
where  there  was  an  image  of  the  Virgin,  held  in 


212  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

great  venci-ation.  This  image  has  now  been  re-  ■ 
moved  to  Susa,  for  the  carved  block  had  not  the  \ 
power  of"  protecting  its  devotees  from  many  and 
dreadful  accidents  which  happened  in  the  ascent 
and  descent  over  paths  frightfully  dangerous,  and 
in  an  air  difficult,  from  its  rarity,  to  breathe. 
The  rector  of  Mont  Cenis  told  Saussure,  "  Que 
ceux  qui  tomboient  la  etoient  tellement  briscs,  que 
I'oreille  etoit  la  plus  grande  piece  de  leurs  corps 
qui  demeurait  dans  son  entier!"  This  worship  in 
high  places  has  sunk  with  the  image  to  Susa  ;  and 
low,  now,  is  this  *'  Diana  of  the  Ephesians!" 

A  little  after  leaving  the  post-house  of  La  Mo- 
laret,  we  were  advised  by  some  peasant  girls  to 
take  a  shorter  road  through  the  village  of  Venous, 
which  we  saw  beneath  us  ;  it  would  make,  they 
said,  an  hour's  difference  in  our  journey.  We 
followed  their  advice,  and  repented  of  it ;  for  the 
descent  was  above  a  league  entirely  over  rocks 
and  blocks  of  stone,  so  excessively  fatiguing,  that 
we  have  felt  ourselves  knocked  up  by  going  down, 
and  we  had  the  mortification  to  see  our  voiture 
above  us,  travelling  steadily  on  the  road  we  had  left, 
and  it  arrived  a  quarter  of  an  hour  before  us  at 
Susa,  where  we  found  as  nmch  discomfort  and  in- 
civility as  weary  travellers  might  have  feared  at  the 
Hotel  de  la  Poste.  I  rambled  out,  and  saw  only 
the  triumphal  arch  of  Augustus:  if  the  town  have 
other  antiquities,  I  am  at  present  ignorant  of  them. 


MONASTERY  OF  ST.  MICHAEL.  213 

This  arch  led  to  the  route  by  the  Mont  Genevre, 
over  the  Cottian  Alps,  a  pass  of  much  higher  an- 
tiquity than  that  of  the  Mont  Cenis,  which  it  does 
not  appear  was  even  known  to  the  Romans. 

\bth.  — We  started  at  four  in  the  morning  for 
Turin.  Soon  after  we  left  Susa  we  crossed  the 
Cenisella,  a  stream  which  descends  from  the  Cenis 
and  flows  into  the  Doire.  At  Busolino  this  river 
is  passed ;  and  it  flows  thence  on  the  left  of  the 
road  until  it  reaches  the  Po  below  Turin. 

Among  the  feudal  remains  which  the  traveller 
passes  in  the  valley  of  the  Doire,  below  Susa,  are 
those  of  the  picturesque  chateau  of  St.  Jorio  ;  but 
the  most  extraordinary  ruins  are  those  of  the 
monastery  of  St.  Michel,  on  the  Monte  Pirchi- 
riano,  above  St.  Ambrog-io.  The  founder  was 
Huo'ues  de  Decousu,  who  went  to  Rome  and  ob- 
tained  absolution,  for  some  crime  which  he  had 
committed,  from  the  Pope.  Hugues,  in  his  grati- 
tude, promised  to  build  a  church  on  his  return, 
which  he  did  on  the  Monte  Pirchiriano,  and  con- 
secrated it  to  St.  Michel.  Privileges  were  granted 
to  the  new  establishment  by  Pope  Silvester,  and 
it  soon  became,  under  the  rules  of  St.  Benoit,  so 
celebrated  for  its  splendour  and  power,  that  its 
abbots  boasted  of  having  founded  and  restored 
one  hundred  and  forty  churches  and  lich  abbeys 
in  France  and  Italy. 

Saussure  and  Millin  both  describe  their  visits 


214  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

to  tlje  ruins  of  the  monastery,  and  the  latter  gives 
an  interesting  sketch  of  its  history,  but  witiiout 
mentioning  the  period  of  its  foundation.  The 
difhculty  of  erecting  such  an  edifice  on  the  moun- 
tain must  have  been  very  great,  as  it  requires  an 
hour  and  a  half  to  attain  its  site.  When  attained, 
tlie  mass  of  ruins  appear  enormous :  a  part  of 
these  is  entered  by  a  large  flight  of  steps.  There 
are  many  ancient  tombs  of  the  monks ;  some  of 
them  are  open,  and  the  bodies  can  be  seen  in  u 
dry  state,  like  the  mummies  of  the  Guanches; 
they  are  spoken  of  as  having  been  objects  of 
curiosity  and  reverence  for  many  ages.  Some 
Gothic  epitaphs  remain ;  one  of  these  marks  the 
tomb  of  Rodolphe  of  Montebello,  who  died  in 
1359,  and  another  of  Sebastian  Serrai,  a  cardinal, 
who  was  abbot  of  this  monastery  in  1577:  there 
is  also  an  ancient  tomb  without  an  inscription, 
said  to  be  that  of  Comte  Thomas,  a  bastard  of  the 
house  of  Savoy,  who  lived  in  1233,  and  who  is 
recorded  as  a  great  benefactor  to  this  abbey. 

The  view  from  the  monastery  is  described,  by 
those  who  have  visited  it,  as  magnificent,  extend- 
ing, from  the  vast  ramparts  of  the  Cenis,  through 
the  lower  valley  of  the  Doire,  which  winds  be- 
neath the  monastery,  and  enriches  a  scene  that 
extends  to  Turin,  the  Monte  Superga,  and  the  ex- 
tensive plains  which,  beyond  these,  melt  into  the 
horizon. 


TURIN.  215 

On  our  way  to  Turin  we  passed  by  Rivoli,  the 
summer  residence  of  the  court  of  Sardinia ;  soon 
after,  a  hi^h  wind  raised  the  dust,  and  obscured 
occasionally  every  object  around  us.  We  reached 
Turin  at  five  o'clock.  The  douaaiers  were  civil 
on  our  entrance  —  perhaps  they  were  too  near 
head-quarters  to  be  otherwise  ;  but  I  have  observed 
them  to  be  usually  in  extremes — very  obliging  or 
very  troublesome.  We  took  warm  baths  on  our 
arrival,  and  rested  at  the  Pension  Suisse. 

I6tk. —  By  attending  myself  to  my  passport,  I 
got  all  the  necessary  signatures  to  it  to-day ; 
though,  by  an  error  of  the  French  secretary,  I  was 
oblio;ed  to  receive  two  of  them  twice.  I  ao-reed 
with  a  man  for  a  cabriolet  to  take  me  to  Chatillon 
in  two  days  for  twenty-six  francs,  and  four  francs 
buono  mano,  if  he  conducted  himself  well.  In 
passing  the  Musee,  which  is  undergoing  repair,  I 
was  struck  with  an  Egyptian  statue,  more  beauti- 
ful and  perfect  than  any  other  Egyptian  sculpture 
that  I  remember  to  have  seen. 

I  was  put  to  great  inconvenience  by  the  inatten- 
tion of  Frcres  Nigra  and  tils,  bankers  of  Turin,  to 
whom  Ilerries'  bills  are  addressed.  When  I  first 
called,  after  repeated  ringing  and  knocking,  a 
dirty,  squinting  boy  opened  a  door,  and  said  there 
was  no  person  within  :  upon  hearing  what  I  wanted, 
he  said  I  must  call  again  at  seven  o'clock,  as  the 
Signor  was  taking  his  siesta.    I  went  at  seven,  and 


216  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

saw  two  ladies,  who  said  M.  Nigra  was  gone  to 
the  theatre  ;  but  assured  me,  if  I  would  call  at  nine 
I  should  see  him.  I  stated  my  business,  and  com- 
plained strongly  of  the  injury  which  this  delay 
might  produce,  and  the  urgent  necessity  which 
there  was  for  my  seeing  M.  Nigra,  as  I  had  made 
arrangements  for  leaving  Turin,  and  by  his  inat- 
tention I  had  lost  a  day.  They  repeated  that  I 
should  find  him  at  home  at  nine.  At  nine  I  went 
again,  and  the  same  persons  told  me  he  was  gone 
into  the  country,  and  that  I  must  call  again  at 
nine  the  next  morning  !* 

This  is  the  second  day  of  some  authorised  idle- 
ness, called  a.  f est  a.  I  was  amused  by  seeing  the 
Race  of  Atalanta  in  tapestry,  hung  outside  the 
church  of  the  SS.  Trinita,  in  the  Contrada  di 
Doro  Grossa ;  and  in  the  Piazza  di  Sto.  Carlo  a 
peasant  had  a  wax  figure  of  St.  Anthony  of  Padua, 
holding  the  infant  Christ  in  his  arms,  in  a  sort  of 
show-box  :  within  the  folding  doors  were  repre- 
sentations of  St.  Anthony's  miracles.  The  show- 
man was  selling  coronee,  crosses,  lives  of  St. 
Anthony,  and   portraits  of  the  saint,  printed  on 

*  I  -wrote  from  Turin  to  Messrs.  Ilerries  and  Co.,  complain- 
ing of  the  conduct  of  their  correspondent :  this  was  instantly 
attended  to  by  them  ;  and  on  my  return  to  England  they 
shewed  me  a  letter  from  INIessrs.  Nigra,  apologising  for  the 
inconvenience  they  had  put  me  to,  and  promising  better 
behaviour. 


FESTA.  217 

small  pieces  of  cloth,  with  tape  strings,  to  be  worn 
as  amulets.  His  hurdy-gurdy  drew  a  crowd,  and 
his  wares — sold  at  a  sous  or  two  each — were  first 
touched  against  the  wax  figure,  to  receive  the 
virtue  of  curing  diseases.  With  each,  a  prayer  was 
muttered  ;  and  in  this  way  the  vagabond  was  driv- 
ing a  great  business,  displaying  a  gravity  in  the 
farce  he  was  acting,  which  even  Liston  might 
have  envied. 

\lth. — I  parted  early  from  my  pleasant  travel- 
ling companion,  Mr.  W.  M'Farlane,  who  left  Turin 
at  the  same  hour  for  Genoa.  He  with  great  kind- 
ness offered  me  his  purse,  to  remedy  part  of  the 
inconvenience  to  which  I  had  been  subjected  by 
Freres  Nigra's  neglect  of  business  for  the  siesta, 
the  theatre,  and  the  campagna ;  and,  to  prevent 
further  delay,  I  accepted  his  aid.  My  conductor 
was  one  of  those  accomplished  Piemontese  who 
are  acquainted  with  their  own  horrid  jargon,  and 
know  no  other  language.  After  repeated  efforts, 
I  fairly  gave  up  all  hope  of  passing  any  part  of 
the  two  days  we  were  to  be  together  in  conversa- 
tion,—  it  was  as  unlike  French  or  Italian  as  Eng- 
lish is  to  either.  We  breakfasted  at  Caluso,  where 
I  was  served  with  dirty  broth,  and  a  dish  of 
green  capsicums,  which,  when  I  declined,  a  Pie- 
montese near  me  devoured ;  the  wine  and  bread, 
however,  were  excellent.  This  part  of  the  country 
has  a  bad  character.     About  a  fortnight  since,  a 


218  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

poor  fellow,  who  had  been  to  Turin  to  receive 
some  money,  was  assailed  by  three  assassins,  who 
robbed  him,  and  then  shot  him  in  the  thigh ;  he 
died  five  days  after,  leaving  a  large  family  :  he 
described  the  brigands,  but  they  have  not  yet  been 
taken.  The  roads  between  Milan  and  Turin  are 
said  to  be  infested  by  deserters  and  criminals.  The 
line  of  the  Alps,  seen  on  the  approach  to  Ivrea, 
from  the  Viso  to  beyond  INIont  Rosa,  presented  a 
beautiful  appearance  ;  their  forms  and  colours, 
under  the  effect  of  the  rising  sun,  were  magnifi- 
cent. Before  I  arrived  at  Caluso,  I  had  a  fine 
view  of  Mont  Cervin  and  Mont  Rosa. 

On  leaving  Caluso,  my  guide  drove  with  all 
the  confidence  of  a  perfect  knowledge  of  his 
route — 'but  direct  towards  Milan.  I  was  sure 
that  he  was  wrong  ;  my  remonstrances,  however, 
were  not  understood.  At  the  end  of  about  two 
miles,  I  met  some  persons,  of  whom  I  inquired 
the  I'oute  ;  and  my  able  conductor  was  obliged 
to  right  about,  through  Caluso,  and  take  the 
true  route  to  Ivrea.  The  country  is  rich  in 
vines,  Indian  corn,  and  hemp.  We  arrived  at 
Ivrea  about  twelve  o'clock.  This  city,  which  I 
visited  in  my  first  journey,  is  finely  situated  at  the 
entrance  of  the  Val  d'Aosta,  and  abounds  with 
picturesque  objects, — the  banks  of  the  Doire,  its 
bridges,  and  the  feudal-lookiny  round  towers  of 
the  prison.     The  scene  from  an  old  fort  near  the 


VAL  d'aosta.  219 

road  leading  to  Aosta  is  very  fine;  the  prisons 
are  in  the  fore-ground,  and,  heyond  the  city, 
the  Doire  is  seen  winding  into  the  rich  plains 
of  the  Po.  Two  remarkable  ridges  of  land  run 
out  on  either  side  of  the  Val  d' Aosta,  extending 
several  miles,  their  sides  clothed  with  vineyards : 
it  was  over  the  northern  ridge  that  I  passed  last 
year,  in  going  to  Biella.  Ivrea  appears  to  have 
much  commercial  bustle,  at  least  for  a  town  in 
Piemont :  it  is  a  great  depot  for  the  iron  manu- 
factured in  the  Val  d'Aosta.  Slept  at  the  Ecu  de 
France. 

18^/;.  —  It  was  five  before  we  started.  In  two 
hours  we  reached  St.  Martin's;  passed  its  single 
arch  thrown  over  the  deep  ravine  of  the  Lesa ;  and 
thence  proceeded,  through  Donas  and  Ford  Bard, 
to  Verrex,  where,  as  I  was  poisoned  by  wine  last 
year,  I  was  cautious  enough  to  avoid  drinking  any 
now.  About  a  league  and  a  half  above  Verrex  we 
reached  that  part  of  the  road  which  is,  perhaps, 
the  finest  in  the  Val  d'Aosta — the  deep  ravine  that 
divides  jMont  Jovet  from  the  rock  upon  which 
stands  the  chateau  of  St.  Germains ;  its  situation 
is  strikingly  grand,  as  it  is  seen  on  approaching  it 
up  the  valley.  Soon  after  passing  this  defile,  we 
crossed  the  Pont  des  Sarrasins,  and  passed  through 
St.  Vincent,  famous  for  its  baths  ;  and  at  two  o'clock 
arrived  at  Chatillon,  chez  Jean  Guarda,  my  last 
year's  guide  through  Piemont :   I  had  promised  to 


220  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

return,  and  he  appeared  pleased  that  I  had  kept 
my  word.  In  the  evening,  Jean  drove  me  to  the 
baths  of  St.  Vincent,  about  half  a  mile  out  of  the 
village.  The  view  from  a  walk  cut  around  the 
hill  near  the  baths,  is  one  of  the  most  beautiful  in 
the  Val  d'Aosta. 

Whilst  looking  upon  the  mountain  across  the 
valley,  Jean  pointed  out  to  me  a  spot  where  a 
bear  was  killed  in  February  last.  Several  cows 
had  been  destroyed  by  this  animal,  and  many  of 
the  inhabitants  had  sought  to  take  or  shoot  him 
in  ambush,  but  without  success.  At  length  a 
farmer  susfsested,  that  across  the  bear's  track, 
which  had  been  discovered,  a  line  should  be  so 
placed,  that,  if  touched,  it  should  discharge  eight 
or  ten  guns,  with  their  muzzles  directed  upon  the 
spot.  The  place  was  watched  day  after  day,  and 
listeners  were  constantly  alive  to  the  expected  dis- 
charge of  the  fire-arms.  JNIore  than  a  week  passed 
away,  when  one  evening  the  feu  de  joie  was  heard 
in  the  mountain.  Great  numbers  of  the  inhabit- 
ants ascended  to  the  spot  where  their  scheme  had 
triumphed  :  the  bear  had  received  the  contents  of 
the  guns,  and,  mortally  wounded,  liad  rolled  down 
the  wooded  side  of  the  mountain.  Traced  by  his 
blood,  he  was  found  in  the  agonies  of  death  ;  but 
it  still  required  caution  and  courage  to  despatch 
him,  when  his  enormous  carcass  was  borne  in 
triumph  to  Chatillon  :   his  weight  was  ascertained 


BEAR-HUNT.  221 

to  be  25  roups,  or  625  lbs.  English.  Besides  the 
destruction  of  their  enemy,  the  people  enjoyed  the 
feast  which  he  afforded,  and  received  the  pub- 
lic reward  from  the  state,  or  commune,  of  200 
francs,  the  sum  offered  for  the  head  of  a  bear. 
50  francs  are  paid  for  the  head  of  a  wolf,  and  100 
for  the  head  of  a  she-wolf. 

Jean  informed  me,  that  ten  days  since,  the 
pastor  of  St.  Vincent  threw  himself  over  the  Pont 
des  Sarrasins,  of  which  the  height  is  terrific,  in 
despair,  because  the  Bishop  of  Aosta  did  not  think 
so  well  of  him  as  he  had  thought  of  himself. 


222  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


CHAPTER  XIV. 

Val  Tournanclie  —  Ascent  to  Briel  —  Chalets  of  Mont  Jumont 
—  Mountain  Accommodation  —  Detention  at  the  Chalets 
by  a  Snow-storm — Ascent  of  Mont  Cervin  —  Prepose — 
Smugglers  —  Glaciers — Summit — Scene  from  the  Glaciers 
— Learned  Guide  —  Tourmente — Hasty  Descent — Disrup- 
tion of  the  Glaciers — Arrival  at  the  Curb's  of  Zermatt — 
Illness  —  English  Travellers — Descent  of  the  Valley  of 
St.  Nicolas  to  Visp. 

Avgust  19th.  —  It  Avas  eight  o'clock  before  I 
could  start  from  Chatillon,  owing  to  the  difficulty 
which  I  had  in  procuring,  at  an  earlier  hour,  a 
horse  to  carry  me  to  Val  Tournanclie.  Jean  Guarda 
accompanied  me.  The  road  skirts  for  several 
miles  one  side  of  the  valley,  through  which  rushes 
the  river  that  descends  from  Mont  Cervin.  The 
first  part  of  our  route  was  sheltered  from  the  sun, 
for  its  direction  lay  through  a  magnificent  forest  of 
chestnuts  ;  the  mountains  on  each  side  rise  towering 
over  the  glen  to  an  enormous  height.  The  fear- 
ful effects  of  their  debris  in  the  winter  is  not  only 
marked  by  the  enormous  blocks  of  serpentine  which 
have  fallen,  but  by  the  crosses  erected  to  point 
out  the  spot  upon  which  some  poor  traveller  had 


VAL  TOURNANCHE.  223 

become  the  victim  of  the  disruption.  Numerous 
aqueducts,  believed  by  the  natives  to  have  been 
Roman  works,  are  seen  on  the  sides  of  the  valley, 
built  on  arches;  they  convey  water  for  irrigation. 
The  route  delightfully  varies  the  whole  way  to  the 
village  of  Val  Tournanche,  which  is  composed  of 
nearly  twenty  farms  and  cottages,  studding  the 
side  of  the  hill.  This  is  the  station  of  the  Pie- 
mont  douaniers,  and  here  Stanfield  and  I  encoun- 
tered the  rascals  who  had  behaved  so  ill  to  us 
last  year;*  they,  however,  were  removed,  and  the 
present  brigadier,  as  he  is  called,  and  his  men, 
behaved  with  great  civility. 

At  Val  Tournanche  I  procured  a  guide,  Jean 
Baptiste  Pension,  to  conduct  me  across  the  Cervin 
to  Zermatt,  better  known  on  the  Piemontese  side 
by  the  name  of  Praborgne.  After  taking  refresh- 
ment at  a  sort  of  inn,  my  guide  and  I  started  on 
our  ascent  to  Briel.  Nothing  could  exceed  the 
wildness  of  the  savage  glen  through  which  the 
torrent  of  the  Tournanche,  which  descends  from 
Mont  Cervin,  rushes  with  horrid  violence,  some- 
times passing  so  far  beneath  the  traveller's  feet 
that  it  is  only  heard,  or,  if  seen  in  its  deep  obscu- 
rity, its  white  foam  only  is  distinguished  ;  the  path, 
if  it  deserves  the  name,  sometimes  skirting  a  pre- 
cipice, of  which  the  base  cannot  be  seen.     Here 

*  See  page  49. 


224  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

the  torrent  immerses  into  darkness ;  and  there  it 
has  no  Avilder  character  than  that  of  a  common 
mountain-torrent.  On  entering  the  httle  plain  of 
Briel  the  air  became  very  cold  :  the  mountaineers 
were  getting  in  their  scanty  hay  harvest.  We  de- 
termined, in  order  to  shorten  to-morrow's  route, 
to  pass  through  this  summer  hamlet  to  the  highest 
chalets  on  the  ascent  of  Mont  Jumont.  The  spot 
was  very  dreary,  surrounded  by  immense  glaciers 
and  peaks  of  mountains;  the  vast  pyramid  of  the 
Cervin,  wreathed  in  clouds,  was  the  most  striking 
feature  in  the  scene.  In  this,  one  of  the  grandest  of 
nature's  amphitheatres,  with  mountains  covered 
with  snows  and  glaciers,  in  unchanged  whiteness 
of  ages,  for  its  walls,  the  mind  Avas  overwhelmed  : 
it  was  not  its  insignificance,  for  it  could  contem- 
plate this  scene  ;  but  it  felt  subdued  by  the  vast- 
ness  of  the  objects  contemplated.  We  passed  the 
little  chapel  at  Briel,  where  service  is  performed, 
at  a  festa  held  once  a  year  only,  by  the  cure  of 
Val  Tournanche.  Soon  after,  Ave  ascended  from 
the  plain,  and  reached  the  chalets  of  Mont  Ju- 
mont. My  guide  took  me  to  one  belonging  to 
a  poor  woman,  who  remained,  Avith  her  sister  and 
tAvo  children,  in  these  the  highest  pasturages  in 
Europe,  to  make  cheese  and  butter  during  their 
short  summer  of  six  Aveeks.  I  had  my  choice  of 
sleeping  in  the  same  hovel  with  the  Avoman  and 
her  children,  or  removing  to  a  chalet  belonging 


MOUNTAIN  ACCOMMODATION.  225 

to  another  family.  The  smoke  in  her's  made 
me  decide  upon  the  latter,  where  a  rug  was 
thrown  upon  a  heap  of  hay,  which  promised  a 
comfortable  lodging.  The  man  to  whom  this 
chalet  belonged  was  employed  in  scalding  off  the 
hair,  and  otherwise  cleaning,  three  marmots, 
which  he  had  shot  during  the  day.  The  place  was 
extremely  filthy ;  but  fatigue  asks  no  apology  for 
dirty  lodgings  ;  I  threw  myself,  wrapt  in  my  cloak, 
upon  my  bed,  and  saw  the  stars  through  the  holes 
in  the  roof.  I  was  soon  assailed  by  thousands  of 
fleas,  (fee.  ;  to  sleep  was  impossible.  Below  me,  in 
a  sort  of  cellar,  were  a  dozen  cows  enjoying  the 
pleasures  of  the  Hole  of  Calcutta,  whose  lowing 
and  tinkling  of  bells,  added  to  nameless  smells, 
would  have  defied  Hercules  to  sleep  after  his 
labours.  Something  worse,  however,  to  an  Alpine 
traveller  was  occurring  without  than  any  annoy- 
ance within.  The  weather  had  evidently  changed  ; 
it  lightened,  and  I  felt  the  rain  dropping  and 
splashing  through  the  ill  -  tiled  roof  upon  my 
place — not  of  rest,  but  of  torment.  It  was  totally 
dark,  and  I  lay  many  hours  before  I  saw  daylight 
pour  in  through  the  holes  which  so  readily  ad- 
mitted the  rain.  It  seemed  to  have  ceased  ;  but 
upon  crawling  to  the  door,  I  found  that  it  had 
only  changed  for  the  worse  :  one  vast  scene  of 
snow  surrounded  me,  and  it  continued  to  fall  fast 
and  thick.     I  returned  to  my  hay,  to  conjure  up 

l2 


226  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

a  thousand  miseries  fi-om  the  delay,  which  was 
certain,  in  such  a  place.  About  six  o'clock  my 
guide  entered,  and  said  it  would  be  impossible  to 
attempt  the  passage,  and  that  our  only  chance  was 
to  ascend  with  some  mules  and  their  drivers,  who 
had  gone  down  to  Chatillon  for  wine,  that  on  their 
return  the  mules  might  form  a  path  on  the  fresh 
snow  which  had  fallen  on  the  glaciers. 

20/;//.  —  I  returned  to  my  poor  woman's  hut, 
and  regretted  that  I  had  left  it,  as  I  should  at 
least  have  been  drier  there  than  in  the  one  —  I 
cannot  say  that  I  either  slept  or  sheltered  in.  For 
my  breakfast,  I  drank  some  excellent  milk,  and  ate 
a  portion  of  a  small  loaf  which  I  had  brought 
with  me  from  Val  Tournanche.  Mid-day  arriv^ed 
with  little  alteration  of  weather  :  the  snow  had 
changed  to  rain  only.  I  occasionally  crawled  out 
of  an  opening,  nicknamed  a  door,  four  feet  high, 
which  I  was  always  obliged  to  re-enter  backwards, 
because  it  opened  against  the  slope  of  the  mountain. 
The  snow  was  now  rapidly  melting  in  the  valley, 
but  the  mountains  had  had  their  wigs  newly  trim- 
med, as  if  the  dressing  were  to  serve  a  week.  The 
guide  again  made  his  appearance,  to  say  that  the 
mules  remained  at  Val  Tournanche,  and  that  to- 
morrow being  Sunday  they  would  not  be  allowed 
to  travel ;  they  would  therefore  remain  till  Mon- 
day, and  I  must  rest  contented,  if  possible,  at  least 
another  night.    The  day  passed  drearily.    I  helped 


THE  CHALET.  227 

to  boil  the  polenta  —  milk  and  water  into  which 
the  flour  of  Indian  corn  was  stirred,  and  the  vrhole 
seasoned  Avith  salt.  If  I  had  not  seen  it  prepared, 
I  should  have  eaten  some  ;  but  at  the  time  my  dis- 
gust exceeded  my  appetite.  It  was  very  cold  ;  yet 
we  were  obliged  to  economise  the  fuel,  as  we  had 
very  little  within  the  chalet ;  and  the  small  stock 
of  rhododendron,  the  onlj^  shrub  at  this  elevation 
that  supplies  the  fire,  was  soaked  by  the  weather, 
which  came  on  too  suddenly,  and  at  this  early 
season  too  unexpectedly,  to  have  induced  the  jore- 
caution  of  keeping-  a  larger  stock  within.  My 
poor  and  kind  hostess  frequently  came  to  me,  to 
know  what  I  would  have  to  eat,  as  if  she  had  a 
choice  of  food.  She  procured  for  me  during  the  day 
three  eggs  ;  except  these,  she  had  nothing  to  give 
but  milk  and  curds,  and  bread  baked  once  a-year, 
at  Michaelmas ;  and  baking  day  was  nearly  come 
round  again.  It  w^as  miserably  cold  :  stamping  my 
feet  and  slapping  my  hands  were  the  only  means 
of  warming  them,  for  the  fire  was  too  scanty.  The 
melted  snow  ran  into  the  hut,  and  formed  pools. 
To  pass  the  time,  I  assisted  in  butter- making, 
rocking  the  youngest  child  to  sleep,  and  writing 
letters  to  England  :  my  eyes  smarted  with  the 
smoke  of  the  wet  shrub-wood,  which  I  tried  in 
vain  to  blow  into  a  blaze.  By  way  of  a  little 
variety,  I  was  indulged  with  the  squalls  and  dis- 
putations of  the  noisy  children. 


228  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

I  prepared  for  my  second  night's  rest  by  pla- 
cing the  high  end  of  a  form,  with  only  two  legs 
remaining,  against  another  large  stool,  which  was 
generally  used  as  a  table.  The  lower  end  of  my 
couch  came  as  near  the  ashes  of  the  hearth  as 
with  safety  it  could  be  put.  Upon  these  a  bundle 
of  hay  was  thrown,  and  made  a  comfortable  bed 
enough.  Here  I  should  have  slept  well,  but  a 
boisterous  and  overjoyed  assembly  of  fleas  pre- 
vented it :  those  of  this  hovel  having,  as  I  am  con- 
ceited enough  to  fancy,  given  a  grand  entertain- 
ment, in  honour  of  my  coming,  to  the  fleas  of  the 
other  chalet ;  and  I  verily  believe  not  one  refused 
the  invitation.  I  of  course  was  served  up;  and,  to 
judge  of  what  remained  of  me,  I  think  the  rascals 
had  gout  enough  to  relish  my  being  half  smoked. 

Let  not  decorum  be  shocked !  I  slept  in  the 
same  den  with  the  mistress,  her  sister,  and  the 
children.  Of  mine  host  I  have  seen  nothino; :  he 
is  at  work  in  the  valleys.  The  mistress  and  the 
eldest  child  slept  in  a  crib  in  one  corner  —  her 
sister  and  the  youngest  in  another,  and  I  about  ten 
feet  off,  on  my  bed  of  dry  delicious  mountain-hay. 

2lst.  —  At  six  in  the  morning  my  guide  came 
in  to  say,  that  he  would  descend  to  Val  Tournanche 
to  the  first  mass,  and  return  before  eleven  with 
another  man  to  assist  in  crossing  the  mountain, 
as  the  snow  was  deep,  and  he  would  not  venture 
alone;   that  waiting  for  the  mules  might  detain 


ASCENT  OF  MONT  CERVIN.  229 

me  two  or  three  days  longer,  and  we  had  better 
proceed.  The  mountains  were  ahnost  clear  of 
clouds,  and  appearances  were  favourable.  A  little 
before  twelve,  he  returned  with  another  guide, 
Pere  Antoine  Maynot,  when,  after  a  draught  of 
cream  and  a  little  brandy,  I  took  leave  of  my 
good-tempered  hostess  and  her  dirty  children,  and 
began  the  ascent  of  Mont  Cervin.  At  the  end 
of  about  two  hours  we  approached  the  glaciers. 
We  were  met,  and  accompanied  part  of  the  way, 
by  tsvo  douaniers,  who,  from  the  station  at  Val 
Toumanche,  go  in  turn  to  remain  in  a  hovel  very 
elevated,  which  commands  the  descent  from  the 
pass.  One  of  them  I  had  met  two  days  since  at 
Val  Tournanche  ;  he  had  walked  from  their  station 
to  offer  me  crampons  for  my  boots  in  crossing  the 
glaciers.  How  different  from  the  conduct  of  the 
same  class  of  men  last  year !  The  duty  which  they 
have  to  perform  on  this  frontier,  as  the  Swiss 
are  active  smugglers,  must  be  very  severe  ;  even 
now  the  snow  lay  deep  at  their  station.  Tliere  is 
little  contraband  at  present  carried  on  compared  to 
what  there  was  during  Buonaparte's  blockade  of 
England ;  then  the  temptation  to  smuggle  was  very 
great.  My  guide  pointed  out  a  terrific  pass  through 
which,  to  avoid  the  propose,  he  and  four  others 
had  carried  bales  of  British  muslins  consigned  from 
an  English  house  to  a  Swiss  agent  at  Visp,  who 
had   engaged  these  men,  at  four  louis  each,  to 


230  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

convey  a  load  of  such  goods  to  Verrex.  A  cross 
was  pointed  out  to  me  as  marking  the  spot  where 
an  active  smuggler,  who  had  long  evaded  the 
douaniers,  was  shot. 

We  proceeded,  over  a  wet,  loose,  and  fatiguing 
path,  to  a  great  elevation,  whence  the  surrounding 
scene  of  snow,  scathed  peaks,  and  sterility,  was 
most  suhlime.  When  we  had  attained  the  extreme 
height  of  this  loose  and  dangerous  ascent,  with 
clouds,  glaciers,  and  even  mountains,  beneath  our 
feet,  we  entered  upon  the  fresh  snow  over  the 
glaciers.  We  were  the  first  to  pass  after  the 
storm,  and  we  sunk  knee-deep  in  the  snow  at 
every  step.  One  of  my  guides  walked  a-head, 
searching  with  a  long  baton  for  crevices ;  we 
slipped  occasionally  into  small  ones  concealed  by 
the  snow,  and  sunk  to  the  middle,  but  we  scrambled 
out,  sometimes  with,  sometimes  without  assistance. 
The  most  fatiguing  part  of  a  walk  over  deep  snow 
arises  from  the  jerking  consolidation  beneath  the 
feet,  particularly  in  the  ascent :  where  the  leg  was 
first  placed  in  walking,  it  sunk  to  a  certain  depth  ; 
in  advancing  the  body  on  that  leg,  it  sunk  deeper, 
with  a  violent  and  fatiguing  jerk.  The  sun,  when 
he  slione  upon  us,  poured  down  with  excessive 
fervency.  During  the  entire  pass,  1  did  not  once 
feel  it  cold,  though  sometimes  we  were  so  entirely 
enveloped  in  clouds  that  we  could  not  distinguish 
the  small  sticks  which  had  been  put  up  to  point 


SUMMIT  OP  THE  PASS.  231 

out  daiigerovis  situations,  or  to  direct  the  passengers 
to  straight  lines  from  point  to  point.  When  we 
encountered  two  such  sticks,  it  indicated  a  bridge 
of  ice  across  a  crevice,  which  required  great  cau- 
tion. We  were  above  five  hours  on  the  glaciei'S, 
of  which  the  ascent  employed  about  three  and  a 
half.  On  attaining  the  summit,  I  was  disappointed 
in  finding  little  trace  of  the  chalet  of  Saussure,  or 
of  the  spot  always,  as  it  was  described,  free  from 
snow.  There  is  a  vast  accumulation  of  rocks  on 
the  summit,  with  the  sides  too  steep  to  retain  the 
snow ;  it  is  probable,  also,  that  the  unfavourable 
circumstances  under  which  I  passed  it  might  have 
been  an  exception  to  its  general  appearance  and 
character.  The  changes  of  weather  at  this  great 
height,  above  11,000  English  feet,  are  incon- 
ceivably sudden ;  at  one  time,  when  the  sun  shone 
out,  we  observed  the  vast  mountains  of  Mont 
Rosa,  and  their  enormous  glaciers  —  the  valleys 
beneath  our  feet  sinking  into  indistinctness  —  the 
Bernese  Alps,  beyond  the  Valais,  and,  more 
striking  than  any  other  object,  the  beautiful  pyra- 
mid of  the  Mont  Cervin,  springing  5000  feet  from 
its  bed  of  glaciers — all  burst  upon  the  eye  at  once 
with  unimaginable  effect  and  grandeur.  In  five 
minutes  a  change  came  o'er  the  scene  ;  and  all 
was  concealed  —  the  spot  upon  which  we  stood 
appeared  a  white  circle,  its  outline  blending  at  a 


232  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

short  distance  with  the  clouds  —  and  we  were  alone, 
without  an  object  visible  beyond  the  circle. 

I  had  felt  severely  the  extreme  rarity  of  the  air 
in  ascending,  seldom  advancing  twenty  steps  with- 
out resting ;  the  angle  of  ascent,  too,  in  some  places 
was  considerable.  Once,  when  I  was  gasping,  the 
guide  roused  me  by,  "  Courage,  monsieur!  per- 
sonne  reste  ici  sans  mourant."  I  exerted  myself, 
stopping  frequently ;  but  when  the  highest  point 
was  attained,  felt  perfectly  free  in  breathing.  I 
observed  a  great  number  of  flies  on  the  snow,  even 
at  the  greatest  elevation,  where  they  must  have 
sunk  in  their  high  and  long  flight,  for  some  were 
torpid.  Many  were  curious  in  form,  and  beautiful 
in  colour.  I  saw,  also,  on  the  snow  and  confines 
of  the  glaciers,  large  flights  of  snow-birds.  I  could 
not  help  thinking  of  Dr.  Johnson's  comment  upon 
the  crow  in  the  Highlands. 

On  attaining  the  summit,  we  prepared,  in  high 
spirits,  to  take  some  bread  and  wine  and  eggs, 
which  Pension  the  guide  had  wisely  brought  from 
Val  Tournanche  :  the  new  guide  Maynot  began  an 
amusing  account  of  the  passage  of  Hannibal  by 
the  Mont  Cervin.  The  remains  of  an  old  redoubt, 
built  by  the  Valaisans,  which  it  was  very  diflicult 
to  trace,  my  learned  guide  said  was  raised  by  the 
Carthaginian  general,  and  quoted  Tite  Live  and 
Polybe  as  authority.     But  before  I  could  receive 


DESCENT  FROM  THE  PASS  OF  THE  CERVIN.    233 

either  this  mental  or  our  corporeal  food,  a  sudden 
change  in  the  weather  occurred  :  the  snow  began 
to  fall  thickly,  and  whirl  in  alarming  eddies  round 
us.  My  guides  hastily  packed  up,  and,  dreading 
the  tourmente,  started  down  the  Swiss  side  of  the 
mountain  with  great  rapidity,  sinking  deeply  in 
the  snow  at  each  step,  but  without  much  fatigue, 
and  affording  enjoyment  enough  to  raise  shouts  of 
laughter  as  one  or  the  other  rolled  over.  I  had  put 
on  a  mask  of  gauze,  with  which  I  had  provided  my- 
self in  ascending :  I  was  glad  to  employ  it  against 
the  painful  reflection  from  the  snow :  it  was  equally 
useful  to  protect  the  face  from  the  fine  hard  jaar- 
ticles  of  snow  during  the  tourmente.  In  descend- 
ing, an  enormous  rent  in  the  ice  was  shewn  to  me; 
the  consequence  of  the  breaking  of  the  glaciers  last 
year,  when  I  was  prevented  from  proceeding  this 
way.  A  merchant  and  his  horse  sunk  for  ever 
in  it  in  crossing,  and,  say  the  guides,  with  10,000 
francs  in  his  possession.  We  soon  descended  into 
fine  weather,  and,  from  the  bottojn  of  the  glacier, 
after  having  been  five  hours  upon  it,  I  enjoyed  a 
splendid  view  of  the  Cervin — it  is  from  the  Swiss 
side  that  it  is  seen  to  the  greatest  advantage.  I 
made  a  sketch  at  a  fortunate  moment,  when  it 
was  perfectly  clear  ;  I  had  not  removed  fifty  steps 
from  the  spot  where  I  drew  it,  when  the  mountain 
appeared  to  wrap  itself  in  clouds  with  such  sudden 


234  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

concejilmeiit,  that  even  my  guide  was  struck  with 
it,  and  called  my  attention  to  the  fact. 

The  descent  was  long,  difficult,  and  tedious,  to 
Zermatt :  we  passed  some  granges  higher  than 
this  village,  and  left  above  it  in  the  vallev  the 
commune  of  Zmutt.  At  length  we  reached  the 
side  of  the  torrent  which  led  to  the  village,  and 
arrived  at  the  hospitable  and  comfortable  house 
of  the  cure  at  nine  o'clock.  1  met  there  three 
German  students  on  an  excursion  to  the  mountain 
to  collect  plants  and  catch  butterflies.  Some  refresh- 
ment was  soon  provided ;  and  as  I  was  excessively 
fatigued,  the  cure,  with  a  kindness  which  I  long 
refused,  insisted  upon  my  occupying  his  own  bed. 

22^/.  —  I  awoke  fevered  and  ill.  At  an  early 
hour  three  Englishmen  called  upon  me  to  know 
the  state  of  the  glaciers,  as  they  intended  to  cross 
to  the  Val  d'Aosta  ;  they  prepared  to  start  im- 
mediately upon  my  report.  I  asked  if  either  was 
a  medical  man  ;  the  youngest  of  the  party  an- 
swered for  the  rest,  No  ;  but  as  he  never  travelled 
without  medicine,  he  had  at  my  service  calomel, 
rhubarb,  castor  oil,  magnesia,  salts,  &c. ;  it  was 
impossible  not  to  be  amused  even  whilst  obliged. 
I  think  no  one  l)ut  a  member  of  the  Bull  family 
would  thus  have  borne  about  Apothecaries'  Hall 
with  him.  But  I  must  not  record  an  ungrateful 
joke  ;  his  calomel  restored  me  to  health. 


ZERMATT.  235 

I  sketched  the  Cervin  from  the  cure's  window, 
and  remained  at  his  house  for  the  day.  A  chubby- 
boy,  a  member  of  the  family,  was  scandalously 
like  the  cure,  and  his  buxom  housekeeper  laughed 
whilst  she  owned  him  as  her  son.  I  learnt  that 
within  the  bishoprick  of  Sion,  the  vow  of  celibacy, 
if  not  more  frequently  broken  than  in  other 
Catholic  communities,  is  not  so  often  wrapt  in  the 
cloak  of  hypocrisy.  The  jokes  of  the  Germans 
who  had  been  quizzing  the  housekeeper,  had  aided 
the  suspicious  likeness  of  the  boy  in  betraying  the 
secret. 

23d.  —  I  arose  weak,  but  free  from  fever.  It  is 
rarely  that  severe  illness  oa  ertakes  a  traveller  on 
his  journey  —  either  his  general  health  is  im- 
proved by  the  air  and  exercise  to  which  he  is 
exposed,  or  his  mind  has  greater  energies ;  but  I 
have  often  felt,  that,  at  home,  and  with  the  facility 
of  access  to  a  doctor,  such  symptoms  as  would 
have  insured  a  week's  confinement  have  been 
shaken  off  here  in  an  hour's  walk.  I  inquired 
for  a  horse  ;  not  one  remained  in  the  commune : 
the  English  party  had  engaged  the  only  horse 
left ;  the  others  were  sent,  as  I  knew,  for  wine  into 
Piemont.  I  decided  upon  walking  quietly  to 
St.  Nicolas,  about  twelve  miles  down  the  valley, 
and  procured  the  assistance  of  a  young  man  to 
carry  my  baggage.  When  I  left  the  cure  he 
would  not  take  more  than  five  francs  for  all  the 


236 


EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


trouble  I  liad  occasioned.  He  was  a  kind  and 
hospitable  man,  and  his  handmaiden  as  good 
tempered  a  creature  as  ever  kept  a  house  in 
order;  to  me,  who  had  suffered  from  fatigue,  they 
were  all  kindness  and  attention.  We  descended 
the  valley,  and  in  two  hours  reached  Tesch,  where 
the  English  party  had  tried  to  rest,  but  w^iere 
my  apothecary  told  me  he  had  devoted  a  night 
au  chasse  de  punaises. 

I  found  the  name  of  the  next  villajre  to  be 
Randor,  and  not  In-der-wild,  as  given  in  Kellar's 
map  of  Switzerland,  and  the  next  below  Herr- 
buggen  ;  he  writes  it  Fluss.  These  places  on  the 
borders  have  frequently  two  names,  the  German 
and  the  Piemontese,  and  are  sometimes  productive 
of  confusion ;  but  neither  of  those  in  Kellar  are 
recognised.  Near  Herrbuggen  a  fine  glacier  de- 
scends from  the  sides  of  the  Schallhorn.  The 
snowy  peaks  of  this  mountain  are  usually  pointed 
out  to  the  traveller  towards  the  Simplon,  when  at 
Visp  in  the  Valais,  as  Mont  Rosa. 

In  about  four  hours  from  Zerrnatt  we  arrived 
at  the  house  of  the  cure  of  St.  Nicolas,  where  I 
obtained  refreshment :  his  mule,  the  only  one  in 
the  village,  was  lent ;  and  my  next  chance  was  to 
walk  on  to  Stalden,  tvvo  hours.  I  felt  so  perfectly 
recovered,  as  not  to  hesitate  about  doing  this.  I 
met  some  persons  of  Visp  who  spoke  French  ;  and 
upon  my  mentioning  my  intention  of  passing  the 


visp.  237 

Moro,  they  recommended  to  me,  as  a  guide,  a  man 
who  was  present.  He  was  a  native  of  Saas,  who 
knew  the  route  perfectly.  I  engaged  him  to  take 
my  luggage  on  to  Visp,  and  to  conduct  me  over 
the  Moro  to  Vogona.  His  patois  was  a  sad  jargon, 
but  we  contrived  to  understand  each  other. 

When  I  reached  Stalden  I  was  again  disap- 
pointed. No  horse  was  to  be  had ;  and  my  im- 
patience to  receive  letters  at  Visp  determined  me 
to  walk  on.  Though  I  felt  weak  when  I  left 
Zermatt  in  the  morning,  my  long  walk,  instead 
of  increasing,  had  removed  my  weakness,  and  I 
added  two  hours  more  to  my  day's  labour. 

At  Visp  I  heai'd  from  home :  it  is  only  he  who 
knows  the  value  of  the  word  that  can  feel  the 
heart's  refreshment  from  this  source,  when  he  is 
rambling  amidst  scenes  where  the  difficulty  and 
uncertainty  of  communication  is  so  great.  I  was 
recommended  to  the  Cheval  Blanc  as  the  best  inn  : 
it  was  dirty  and  extravagant,  and  the  ill-condi- 
tioned landlady,  upon  my  expressing  a  wish  to 
retire  soon,  and  before  she  thought  I  had  eaten 
or  drank  enough,  received  my  complaint  of  fatigue 
after  illness,  with  a  ouil  not  to  be  easily  forgotten  : 
an  evil  spirit  must  have  prompted  the  word,  and 
brandy  tuned  the  organ  of  utterance  ! 


238  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


CHAPTER  XV. 

Valley  of  Saas  —  Ravines  —  Records  of  Accidents  —  Aballa — 
Plain  and  Village  of  Saas — Conduct  of  the  Cure — Twilight 
on  Mont  Fee  —  Allmengal — Moraine  —  Lake  and  Chalets 
of  Destal — Passes  of  the  Moro — Ancient  Road — Glaciers — 
Bear — Summit  —  Splendid  View  of  Mont  Rosa — Descent 
to  Macugnaga — Inn — Catholic  Relics. 

Avg.24.th. — After  having  made  some  sketches, 
and  procured  a  mule  to  take  me  to  the  foot  of 
the  Moro  pass,  I  left  Visp  in  the  morning,  about 
half-past  eight  o'clock,  and  reached  Stalden  again 
in  two  hours  ;  we  rested  there,  and  at  the  inn 
took  some  bread  and  cheese  and  bad  wine :  the 
daughter  of  the  host  was  very  beautiful,  but,  un- 
fortunately, lame.  We  crossed  the  torrent  of  the 
Visp  into  the  defile,  rather  than  the  valley,  of 
Saas,  by  a  bridge  which,  thrown  across  the  rivers 
that  descend  from  Mont  Moro  and  Mont  Cervin, 
spans  here,  at  their  confluence,  a  deep  and  rug- 
ged goige,  through  which  the  united  waters  rush 
with  violence,  to  join  the  Rhone  at  Visp.  I  en- 
deavoured, but  without  success,  to  get  some  point 
of  view  where   I   could    at   once    see  the   bridge 


VALLEY  OF  SAAS.  239 

and  the  water,  but  this  was  impossible ;  though 
the  rocks  on  either  side  were  much  above  the 
bridge,  the  ravine  was  too  narrow,  and  the  banks 
above  the  rocks  too  steep  and  dangerous,  to  allow 
an  appi'oach  near  enough.  I  obtained,  however, 
a  slight  sketch  from  the  Saas  road.  My  guide 
was  rather  a  puzzler ;  his  Italian,  as  he  called  it, 
was  more  difficult  to  understand  than  his  Ger- 
man ;  we  got  on,  however,  very  well .  He  was  a 
good-tempered  fellow,  with  a  perpetual  grin  and 
singular  lauoh  :  and  as  he  was  now  in  his  native 
valley,  almost  all  the  persons  whom  we  met  he 
was  acquainted  with,  and  to  all  he  had  to  tell,  and 
with  evident  joy  on  his  part,  how  he  had  caught 
an  Englander. 

The  valley  of  Saas  is  the  narrowest  that  I  have 
yet  passed  in  Switzerland  ;  the  sides  were  exces- 
sively steep,  and  terminated  in  a  deep,  narrow 
bed,  through  which  the  river  tore  its  foaming  way. 
I  had  to  cross  it  three  times,  and  over  bridges 
so  ill  constructed,  with  only  a  few  pines  laid  acioss, 
that  to  me,  who  had  been  rather  inured  to  such 
places,  the  sensation  of  crossing  on  a  mule  was 
horrible ;  the  planks  moved  loosely  under  the 
animal's  feet,  and  the  whole  fabric  shook  as  if  an 
infant  could  have  overthrown  it.  Some  bridges  in 
the  valley  are  at  fearful  heights  above  the  torrent : 
one  of  these,  which  I  sketched,  about  two  miles 
above  Stalden,  serves  for  communication  between 


240  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

some  cottages  and  the  opposite  mountain.  Its 
height  above  the  water  is  from  200  to  300  feet: 
and  the  cottages  are  so  placed  on  the  chff,  that  a 
line  dropt  from  them  would  hang  far  over  the 
torrent  on  the  other  side.  I  have  no  where  else 
seen  such  ruo-g-ed  wildness ;  the  huge  old  larches 
which  overhung  the  deep  gorges  of  the  river  were 
of  immense  size,  and  their  giant  limbs  and  roots, 
thrown  about  in  a  savage  grandeur,  was  quite  in 
accordance  with  the  surrounding  scenery.  The 
ravine  slopes  steeply  to  the  torrent  fi'om  Stalden 
to  Saas,  except  at  the  little  plain  of  Aballa  ;  and 
the  small  quantities  of  barley  raised,  is  grown  in 
such  difficult  situations,  that  one  wonders  that 
the  labour  is  not  an  obstacle  to  any  attempt  to 
cultivate  it. 

I  have  no  where  seen  so  many  indications  of 
loss  of  life  from  accidents  as  in  this  valley.  The 
usual  evidence  is  a  cross  erected  on  the  fatal  spot, 
that  passers-by  may  pray  for  the  soul  of  tlie  per- 
son who  was  killed  there.*  Of  these,  I  sometimes 
saw  three,  four,  and  even  five,  clustered  together, 
either  marking  an  accident  fatal  to  many  at  the 
same  time,  or  the  recurrence  of  falling  rocks  in 
the  same  dangerous  place,  and  a  succession  of 
victims.      Between   Stalden    and    Saas  there    are 

*  In  Italy  the  crosses  are  placed  from  the  same  religious 
motive,  but  the  cause  has  generally  been  assassinations. 


SAAS.  241 

more  than  1 50  of  these  crosses ;  some  bore  the 
date  of  eighty  or  ninety  years  since,  others  of  the 
last  winter.  The  initials  of  the  unfortunate,  and 
the  date  of  the  accident,  were  the  onl^^  records. 
I  observed  a  very  fine  fall  of  a  torrent,  which  de- 
scends from  the  mountains  that  divide  the  valley 
of  Saas  from  that  of  Visp ;  and  about  two  hours 
distant  from  Stalden  I  arrived  at  the  first  little 
l^lain  in  the  valley,  in  which  were  the  village  and 
church  of  Aballa.  Soon  again  the  valley  became 
a  defile,  and  the  road,  or  path,  was  traced  with 
difiiculty  among  the  masses  of  rock  and  debris  of 
the  mountains.  At  the  end  of  two  hours  more 
I  entered  the  fertile  plain  of  Saas ;  which  is  about 
three  quarters  of  a  mile  in  length,  and  a  quarter 
of  a  mile  wide,  surrounded  by  glaciers  and  moun- 
tains ;  the  most  striking  of  these  is  Mont  Fee, 
whose  bright  snows  surmount  the  dark  pines  which 
clothe  its  lowest  slopes  on  the  western  side  of  the 
plain.  I  was  informed  by  my  guide  that  there 
is  a  village  at  the  foot  of  the  glaciers  of  Mont  Fee, 
where  nearly  a  hundred  persons  reside  all  the  year, 
their  habitations  almost  touchino-  the  ice. 

The  plain  of  Saas  is  so  strikingly  contrasted  with 
the  savage  wildness  and  sterility  of  the  route  that 
leads  to  it,  and  the  enormous  mountain  masses 
which  surround  it,  that  one  hails  its  connexion 
with  Mont  Fee  as  the  fairy  valley.  It  contains 
two  or  three  villages  :  the  first  which  we  passed 

M 


242  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

through  is  Tamata ;  but  this  is  so  closely  united 
witli  Saas  as  scarcely  to  be  distinguished  from  it. 

My  guide  was  a  native  of  a  village  on  the  other  f 

side  of  the  stream,  to  which  he  sent  the  owner  of  J 

the  mule,  who   had   accompanied  us  from  Visp, 
ro   announce  his  return   to  his  family,  whilst  he 
conducted  me  to  the  cure  ;  but  every  body  knew 
my  guide,  and  all  inquired  who  and  what  I  was, 
where  he   had   found  me,  and   where  he  was  to 
conduct  me.     1  grew  impatient  of  these  repeated 
delays,  and  pressed  him  to  proceed  to  the  house 
of  the    cure:    it  was    a    day  of  festa  —  some  ar- 
rangement  between    the   Virgin   and   the    priests 
to  waste  the  time  of  the  people.     Here  I  found 
a  party  at   cards.      The    cure    arose,    and,    with 
cold  civihty  —  I  rather  ought  to  say  incivility  — 
told  me  his  house  was  not   an   auberge.     I   said 
I  was  perfectly  aware  of  it,  and  also  that  there  was 
not  one  in  his  vilhige  ;  if  there  had  been,  I  should 
not   have    troubled    him,    but    that   circumstance 
g'ave  me  a  greater  claim  to  his  courtesy ;  that  his 
parishioner,  my  guide,  had,  as  a  matter  of  course, 
conducted  me  to  his  house ;  and  it  was  not  the 
first  time  I  had  sought  and  received  from  the  cure 
of  a  sequestered  place  that  assistance  which  as  a 
weary  traveller  I  required.     He  at  last  shewed  me 
to  a  chamber,  and  prepared  two  or  three  dishes  of 
macaroni,  haricot,  and  other  maigre,  of  which  I 
partook  heartily.     He  then  became  more  inquisi- 


CUBE  OF  SAAS.  243 

tive  and  communicative,  inquired  my  object  in  the 
journey,  and  gave  me  some  information  upon  the 
route.  He  said  that  after  four  hours  it  would  be 
absolutely  necessary  to  walk  to  Macugnaga ;  that 
he  had  not  himself  crossed  the  Mont  Moro ;  but 
he  was  in  constant  communication  with  those 
who  had.  He  repeated  the  circumstance  of  the 
road  having  been  formerly  the  route  of  the  courier 
from  Piemont,  though  it  was  now  in  so  ruined  a 
condition  :  he  had  heard  his  father  and  mother 
speak  of  their  having  rode  on  mules  into  both  the 
Val  Anzasca  and  the  Val  Antrona  ;  and  that  many 
of  the  peasants  of  Saas  still  went  by  the  latter 
valley  to  the  fairs  and  markets  of  Domo  d'Ossola. 
He  recommended  my  starting  as  early  as  three 
o'clock  to-morrow  morning,  and  j^romised  me 
coffee  before  I  set  out,  and  wine,  &c.  for  the 
journey. 

25M.  —  Jan  Petro  Andcrmatt,  the  guide, 
knocked  punctually  at  three  at  my  door;  and  on 
descending  from  my  chamber,  the  cure  opened 
the  door  of  his  sleeping-room  to  receive  my  remu- 
neration. I  entered  ;  his  chtre  amie  (housekeeper) 
was  sitting  half-dressed  on  her  bed,  which,  except 
when  in  use,  fitted  in  under  that  of  the  cure's 
like  a  drawer.  Here,  like  Ruth  at  the  feet  of 
Boaz,  but  with  more  impure  association,  it  was 
evident  the  cure's  handmaiden  slept.  This  mode 
of  forming  additional  sleeping-places  is  common 


244  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

in  tlic  Valais.  The  cure  had  promised  me  coffee, 
&c.  in  the  morning  before  starting,  and  wine  for 
refj-eshment  in  the  mountains,  but  nothing  was 
provided ;  and  when  I  offered  to  pay  him  three  or 
four  francs,  he  pocketed  an  tcu  nenf — six  francs, 
which  I  gave  him,  and  bowed  me  out  without 
giving  me  any  change.  I  felt  annoyed  at  his  dis- 
courtesy and  selfishness,  so  contrasted  with  the 
conduct  of  the  worthy  old  cure  of  Zermatt. 

Just  as  we  left  the  little  plain  of  Saas,  twilight 
beo-an  to  brighten  the  summits  of  Mont  Fee,  and 
the  snowy  ridges  of  the  western  mountains  which 
enclosed  the  plain  above  a  forest  of  pines.  The  effect 
was  singularly  beautiful ;  the  peculiar  tone  of  twi- 
light relieved  the  sharp  forms  from  a  dark  sky, 
which  was  still  studded  with  stars,  and  below,  the 
faint  light,  subsiding  to  the  pines,  failed  yet  to  dispel 
the  darkness  of  the  valley.  The  path  soon  after- 
wards ascended  by  some  cottages,  over  a  road  as 
rugged  and  difficult  as  that  which  I  passed  yesterday. 
In  about  an  hour  we  entered  a  plain,  and  passed  the 
village  of  Micra — the  scenes  became  more  sterile, 
the  larches  were  stunted,  and  the  evidence  of  con- 
siderable elevation  was  seen  in  a  scanty  vegetation. 
Another  hour  brought  us  to  Allmengal,  rather  a 
large  village,  and  where  the  path  which  conducts 
to  the  Val  Antrona  branches  off  to  the  left.  A 
little  above,  on  the  right,  is  another  pass  across 
the  mountains  to  Zermatt;  it  presented  a  terrific 


LAKE  OF  DESTAL.  245 

appearance,  over  snows  and  glaciers,  but  Jan  told 
me  that  it  was  without  danger,  and  that  it  was  not 
necessary  to  be  upon  the  ice  more  than  an  hour 
and  a  half.  Neither  of  these  routes  are  indicated 
in  Kellar  ;  whilst  those  from  Eringerthal  and  Ein- 
fishthal,  between  the  Valais  and  Piemont,  have 
no  existence  but  in  his  map. 

Nearly  an  hour  from  Allmengal,  over  stones, 
rocks,  and  brushwood  of  rhododendron,  brought 
us  to  what  appeared  to  be  a  termination  of  the 
valley,  a  large  glacier,  from  beneath  which  the  tor- 
rent of  the  Saas  issued:  so  completely  was  our  path 
closed,  that  we  saw  no  means  of  further  progress ; 
but  the  guide  directed  our  ascent,  on  the  left,  on 
the  Moraine — the  rocks  and  loose  stones  which 
skirted  the  ice ;  and  after  a  short  but  very  fa- 
tiguing effort  we  entered  upon  the  glacier.  I 
was  disposed  to  leave  the  mule  below,  but  Jan 
told  me  I  should  again  find  it  useful ;  we  there- 
fore drove  it  on  :  but  a  difficulty  arose  in  re- 
gaining the  earth  again  ;  the  edges  of  the  glacier 
were  so  broken  at  the  end  of  the  path  upon  it, 
that  both  the  men  were  obliged  to  roll  rocks  and 
stones  to  enable  the  mule  to  leave  the  ice  safely ; 
yet  after  this  I  was  surprised  to  see  a  tolerably 
well-constructed  road,  which  led  to  a  lake  larger 
than  that  of  Combal  in  the  Alice  Blanche,  but 
presenting  a  much  more  sterile  appearance.     This 


246  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

lake  is  formed  by  the  glaciers,  over  which  we  had 
climbed,  that  closed  the  valley,  acting  as  a  dam. 
Near  the  borders  of  the  lake  were  two  or  three 
miserable  chalets.  On  our  way  we  skirted  this 
desolate  little  lake  of  Mont  Mor,  or  Destal ;  yet 
some  goatherds  had  fixed  their  summer  huts  on  its 
borders,  for  the  sake  of  the  scanty  but  rich  herbage 
found  upon  the  few  patches  among  the  stones,  in 
the  spaces  left  by  the  glaciers  which  swept  down 
to  the  borders  of  the  lake.  Enormous  masses  of 
rock  had  fallen  from  the  mountains,  and  added 
to  the  wildness  of  the  scene,  of  which  some  of  the 
peaks  of  the  Cima  de  Jazi  and  Mont  Rosa  formed 
the  background. 

Still  higher,  however,  than  the  lake  are  fine 
pasturages;  for  in  half  an  hour  from  its  borders  we 
reached  the  chalets  of  Destal,  where  200  cows,  be- 
sides goats,  are  fed.  The  finding  of  such  a  commu- 
nity in  a  spot  so  elevated,  was  a  cause  for  surprise 
and  jileasure  :  if  I  had  been  aware  of  the  existence 
of  such  a  place,  I  should  have  preferred  resting 
there,  and  have  exerted  myself  to  attain  it  last  night, 
rather  than  have  slept  at  Saas  ;  and  I  could  easily 
have  accomplished  this,  for  I  did  not  leave  Visp 
yesterday  till  nearly  nine  o'clock,  and  I  rested  two 
hours  during  the  heat  of  the  day  at  Stalden. 
Compared,  too,  with  my  accommodations  at  Mont 
Jumout,  this  place  afforded  more  comforts,  and 


PASSES  OF  THE  MORO.  247 

the  persons  and  habits  of  the  peasantry  on  the 
Swiss  side  were  much  cleaner.  We  rested  an  hour, 
and  obtained  excellent  milk,  cheese,  and  eggs. 

Above  Destal,  I  left  the  discovery  of  a  path  to 
the  mule,  for  I  could  not  perceive  any ;  and  after 
an  hour  and  a  half  we  attained  the  foot  of  the 
glaciers  of  the  Moro,  where  it  was  necessary  to 
dismount,  and  send  back  the  mule  to  Visp. 

The  appearance  of  this  alpine  barrier  defied 
conjecture  upon  the  situation  or  direction  of  the 
path  by  which  it  was  to  be  traversed.  From  the 
spot  on  which  I  dismounted,  one  might  almost 
perceive  the  summit  of  the  glaciers  which  form 
the  passes  into  Piemont.  All  the  maps  and  de- 
scriptions that  I  have  seen,  mention  the  pass  of 
the  Moro  as  leading  only  to  Macugnaga :  the 
truth  is,  that  there  are  two  passes  on  the  Moro — 
one  of  these  leads  to  Campiole,  in  the  Val  An- 
zasca,  below  the  gorge  of  Pesterana ;  the  other, 
which  turns  to  the  right  on  attaining  the  summit, 
was  called  by  the  guide  the  Pass  of  Macugnaga, 
from  its  conducting  to  that  place.  This  leads  also 
to  the  base  of  the  Mont  Rosa. 

The  scene  was  more  sterile  than  any  that  I  re- 
membered in  the  Alps.  The  rhododendron,  the  last 
shrub  which  the  traveller  sees  in  his  ascent  of  these 
regions,  and  the  scanty  but  sweet  herbage  sought 
for  the  cows  and  goats  by  the  peasants  in  the 
establishment  of  their  chalets,  had  long  been  left 


248  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

below  us,  and  only  a  few  Alpine  ranunculi,  gen- 
tians, and  other  mountain  flowers,  such  as  are 
found  in  the  highest  regions,  could  be  seen  in  fis- 
sures of  the  rocks  and  in  moist  situations.  Here  we 
were  surrounded  b^  the  debris  of  the  mountains, 
brought  down  by  storms  and  the  disintegrating 
work  of  ages.  These  formed  the  sides  of  the  valley ; 
its  end,  whicli  seemed  abruptly  to  defy  our  pro- 
gresSjWas  a  vast  glacier  descending  from  the  eternal 
snows  of  the  surrounding  mountains.  Amidst  these 
it  was  impossible  to  conjecture  the  route,  but  my 
guide  told  me  that  it  lay  to  the  right,  and  pointed 
to  what  appeared  to  be  the  perpendicular  face  of  a 
vast  precipice  of  granite.  It  was  impossible  to  be- 
lieve that  a  path  could  be  found  there ;  with  some 
difficulty,  however,  I  climbed  over  the  rocks  and 
stones  as  Jan  directed  me,  until  something  like 
a  patli  appeared,  but  which  was  interrupted  by  a 
steep  ridge  of  snow  descending  at  least  500  feet 
to  the  base  of  the  glaciers.  I  was  ahead  of  the 
guide,  and  looked  with  some  horror  upon  tliis 
danger;  for  if  1  had  slipped  I  should  have  slid  to 
the  bottom  with  more  velocity  than  a  flying  adven- 
turer descends  from  a  tower  by  a  rope.  I  cautiously 
dug  foot-holes,  and  then  walked  safely  over  this 
slope,  which  was  not  more  than  thirty  feet  across. 
I  waited  to  see  how  Jan  would  get  over,  laden  as 
he  was  with  my  baggage.  To  shew  his  contempt 
for  my  caution  and  foot-holes,  he  tucked  his  baton 


ANCIENT  ROAD.  249 

under  his  arm,  and  walked  across  it  with  as  much 
carelessness  and  confidence  as  if  it  had  been  on 
the  route  of  the  Simplon. 

Soon  after  passing  this  ridge,  I  found  the  old 
road,  by  Avhich  the  courier  used  anciently  to 
pass  to  and  from  Piemont :  it  was  really,  for  a 
mule-road,  well  constructed  with  paved  stones;  its 
width  varied  from  five  or  six  to  eight  or  ten  feet. 
This  road  could  not  be  observed  from  below.  A 
quarter  of  an  hour's  ascent  brought  us  to  tlie 
glaciers,  over  which  it  was  necessary  to  pass  for 
about  twenty  minutes.  A  little  snow  had  recently 
fallen,  not  sufHcient  to  fill  up  some  foot-steps  left 
by  the  peasants,  who  in  the  summer  frequently 
pass  this  way.  Thousands  of  curious  flies  lay 
torpid  or  dead  on  the  snow.  Near  the  summit  we 
saw  the  recent  track,  in  the  fresh  snow,  in  the 
direction  of  the  Moro  pass,  of  an  enormous  bear. 
My  fears,  perhaps,  made  me  think  that  it  could 
not  have  been  much  less  in  size  than  the  large 
bear  killed  opposite  to  Chatillon.*  Jan  looked 
around  rather  aghast ;  but  finding  that  I  had 
pistols  three  inches  long(!),  recovered  his  self-pos- 
session. We  rested  a  few  minutes  upon  some 
bare  rocks,  on  the  summit,  9100  feet  above  the 
level  of  the  sea,  where  a  rude  cross  has  been 
placed,  which  is  now  nearly  decayed.     The  view 

*  See  page  220. 

M  2 


-50  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

looking  towards  the  chalets  and  lake  of  Destal, 
and  the  valley  of  Saas,  was  most  desolate.  On 
winding  round  by  the  rocks  on  the  summit,  Mont 
Rosa  burst  upon  me  with  a  vastness  and  splen- 
dour to  which  I  cannot  do  justice  by  description. 
Clouds  were  forming  near  and  beneath  me,  and 
in  a  few  minutes  the  scene  of  enchantment  closed, 
except  when  the  clouds  rolled  away,  and  some 
portions  appeared  through  them  with  a  magic  of 
effect  that  has  left  an  impression  upon  my  mind 
with  which  every  other  Alpine  recollection  suffers 
in  comparison. 

The  morning  is  usually,  in  these  alpine  regions, 
the  clearest  part  of  the  day ;  and  two  or  three,  or 
even  one  hour  earlier  than  I  attained  the  sunmiit 
of  the  pass,  the  scene  of  Mont  Rosa  would  have 
been  quite  clear.  The  chances,  then,  are  in  favour 
of  a  traveller  having  a  more  advantageous  passage 
by  sleeping  at  Destal,  rather  than  by  resting  at 
Saas ;  and  he  would  not  be  obliged  to  the  sulky 
cure  for  accommodations,  little  better,  and  not  half 
so  civilly  and  cheerfully  bestowed.  His  ill-humour 
could  not  have  arisen  from  the  frequent  claims 
upon  his  hospitality ;  for  he  told  me  that  he  had 
not  seen  an  Englishman  in  the  valley  for  three 
years. 

The  descent,  though  on  the  southern  side, 
continued  on  the  glaciers  much  longer,  from  the 
summit,  than  the   ascent.      We  overtook  a  man 


MACUGNAGA.  251 

just  as  we  left  the  glaciers,  with  whom  I  joined 
company.  In  a  quarter  of  an  hour  we  had  de- 
scended to  firm  rocks  and  earth,  and  so  far  too 
beneath  the  clouds  which  enveloped  the  Macug- 
naga  pass,  that  the  magnificent  and  beautiful 
Mont  Rosa  was  presented  in  its  entire  extent 
from  the  Cima  de  Jazi  to  the  Pic  Blanc,  and  from 
its  bright  and  loftiest  peaks,  to  its  lowest  gla- 
ciers and  the  source  of  the  Anza,  which  ran  into 
the  plain  and  valley  of  Macugnaga.  The  effect  of 
this  glorious  scene  can  never  be  forgotten,  and 
alone  is  worth  a  journey  from  England. 

The  descent  was  very  fatiguing.  The  village 
in  the  valley  of  Macugnaga  seemed  beneath  me, 
not  more  than  an  hour's  distance  ;  but  it  was  four 
hours  of  difficult  descent  from  the  summit  before  I 
reached  it.  There  are  no  traces  of  the  old  road 
on  the  southern  side.  Half-way  down  I  obtained 
some  milk  at  a  chalet,  and  at  Macugnaga  found 
a  tolerable  inn,  where  my  reception  was  very  dif- 
ferent from  Saussure's,  described  in  his  Voyages 
dans  les  Alpes.  A  deformed  but  very  civil  host, 
who  spoke  French  well,  having,  as  I  learnt,  spent 
some  time  at  Lyons  as  cuisinier,  welcomed  me  —  ji 
fatigued  and  hungry  traveller,  tlis  '<  Voulez-vous 
des  viandes.  Monsieur?"  was  the  most  pleasant 
inquiry  that  had  been  addressed  to  my  appetite  for 
many  a  day  ;  but  it  was  sadly  deceived  upon  the 
appearance   of  what  my  civil  little  Jisop  called 


252  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

cotelettes  de  veau.  The  veal,  thinner  than  Vauxhall 
ham,  was  buried  in  the  jjante ;  he  must  have  studied 
the  cuisine  under  L'Avare.  I  contrived,  however, 
from  several  mysterious  messes,  to  destroy  a  good 
a])petite,  and  retired  early  to  a  room  decorated  with 
prints :  one  represented  St.  Joachim  and  St.  Anna 
worshipping  the  Virgin  as  a  child  (their  own)  in 
the  clouds ;  but  there  were  more  monstrous  relics 
of  Catholic  adoration  than  this  —  bits  of  bone, 
teeth,  skin,  and  hair,  of  half  the  saints  of  the  calen- 
dar, were  fi'amed  like  butterflies.  These  relics,  it 
would  seem,  had  taken  the  fleas  under  theii"  pro- 
tection, as  St.  Anthony  did  the  fishes ;  for  I  was 
welcomed  by  myriads  which  blackened  my  legs. 
I  found,  however,  that  the  poor  wretches  were 
anti-Malthusians.  The  supply  of  food  was  not 
equal  to  their  numbers,  and  they  were  too  weak 
to  get  fi'om  the  floor  to  the  bed,  which  was  a  high 
one.  By  a  little  manoeuvring  I  succeeded  in 
avoiding  the  colonisation  of  my  resting-place. 


253 


CHAPTER  XVI. 

Pesterana — Professore  Fantonetti — Visit  to  the  Gold  Mines — 
CTorge  of  Pesterana  —  Ceppo  Morelli  —  Scenery  of  the 
Val  Anzasca — Fine  Race  of  Inhabitants  —  Costume  and 
Beauty  of  the  Women — Vanzone—  Ponte  Grande — Beau- 
tiful Road  through  the  Valley — Castiglione— View  into  Val 
d'Ossola  —  Pie  de  Muliera  —  Superintendent  of  the  Gold 
Mines — Situation  of  the  ancient  Ictymuli — Vogogna — In- 
stance of  Italian  gratitude  —  Happy  Valley. 

August  26th. — The  morning  was  beautiful. 
After  sketching  the  fine  view  of  Mont  Rosa  from 
the  door  of  the  auberge,  and  collecting  from  mine 
host  some  information  for  my  day's  journey, 
and  a  confirmation  of  my  guide's  topography  in 
the  names  of  the  places  which  we  had  passed, 
we  left  the  retired  little  jalain  of  Macugnaga. 
The  valley  soon  narrowed  to  a  deep  glen  ;  the 
descent  was  rapid,  and  less  than  an  hour  brought 
us  to  the  gold  mines  of  Pesterana.  There  is  an 
JEl  Dorado  sound  in  this,  which  excites  high  ex- 
pectations ;  but  there  is  no  more  appearance  of  it 
than  in  the  pavement  of  St.  Paul's  Churchyard. 
The  mines  arc  explored  to  find  this  "world's  chief 
mischief,"  combined,  in  very  small  proportions,  in 
sulphate  of  iron;  a  kilogramme  of  ore  yielding,  by 


254  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

the  process  of  amalganiation,  an  average  of  only 
six  grammes,  the  richest  ore  only  yielding  ten. 
My  landlord  at  Macngnaga  had  furnished  me  with 
the  name  of  Professore  Fantonetti,  as  the  superin- 
tendent of  the  mines,  and  as  the  possessor  of  a  col- 
lection of  specimens  of  the  minerals  of  the  valley. 

I  called  upon  this  gentleman  at  Pesterana, 
and  received  the  most  courteous  and  obliging  at- 
tentions from  him.  He  sent  a  servant  with  me  to 
the  mills  on  the  Anza,  where  the  ore  is  crushed,  and 
to  the  mines ;  and  directed  the  miners  to  give  me 
assistance  and  information.  The  first  was  readily 
offered  ;  but  the  last  was  useless,  as  I  could  not 
understand  a  syllable  of  their  jargon.  I  entered 
the  mine  about  300  yards,  by  an  adit  of  slight 
ascent :  here  a  shaft  was  sunk  about  60  feet,  and 
I  saw  several  miners  working  on  the  lower  vein  of 
the  ore.  The  quantity  raised  is  not  very  consider- 
able. Women  are  chiefly  employed  in  pounding 
and  picking  the  ore,  whence  it  passes  to  the  mills 
of  granite,  in  which  it  is  ground  and  prepared  for 
amalgamation :  the  final  process  is  in  the  hands 
of  M.  Fantonetti  alone.  On  my  return  to  that 
gentleman's  house,  he  pressed  me  to  take  refresh- 
ment, and  gave  me  some  specimens  of  the  ore  of 
the  mines,  and  two  works  wdiich  he  had  written : 
one  of  them  on  the  mines  of  these  valleys,  in  answer 
to  a  work  of  Rossini's,  of  Turin. 

I  soon  after  crossed  the  Anza,  over  an  alpine 


VALLEYS  OF  PESTERANA  AND  ANZASCA.       255 

bridge,  and  continued  to  ascend  above  the  right 
bank  of  the    river.       Numerous   adits  of  mines, 
indicated  by  the   earth  and  stones  thrown  from 
them,    marked    the    pursuits    of  the    inhabitants 
of  this  valley,  who  are  nearly  all  miners.     The 
mineral   riches   of  these  mountains  —  iron,   lead, 
copper,  silver,  and  gold — are  worked  at  short  dis- 
tances from  each  other ;  and  many  of  the  mines  of 
the  inferioi"  metals  are  very  productive.     The  dis- 
tinction between  the  continuous  valleys  of  Peste- 
rana  and  Anzasca,  is  strongly  marked  by  a  vast 
mass  of  the  mountain,  which,  nearly  closing  the 
bottom  of  the  former  valley,  leaves  only  a  deep 
and  savage  gorge,  through  which  the  Anza  escapes 
on  the  left  side  into  the  Val  Anzasca.     The  path 
over  this  mass  leads  through  what  scarcely  de- 
serves the  name  of  a  village,  Morgen,  but  which 
lies  in  a  spot  richly  wooded  by  magnificent  chest- 
nut-trees.     The  descent  into  the  Val  Anzasca  is 
very  beautiful :  the  river  is  again  crossed,  over  a 
fearful   bridge,    immediately   below  the  defile   of 
Pesterana ;    and   the   road    continues  on  the  left 
bank   of  the   river,   entirely   through  the  valley. 
The  first  village  in  the  Val  Anzasca  is  Campiole, 
near  Ceppo  Morelli ;  it  is  the  place  which  travel- 
lers who  would  avoid  the  valley  of  Macugnaga,  or 
Pesterana,  would  arrive  at  by  the  path  over  the 
Mont  Moro.    The  descent,  my  guide  informed  me, 
is  longer  than   from  the   Macugnaga  pass ;   but 


256  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

much  distance  is  gained  by  travellers  who  would 
go  from  the  valley  of  Saas  direct  to  the  Val  An- 
zasca.  Here  the  Piemontese  dialect  began  to  pre- 
vail ;  though  the  German  patois  of  my  guide  was 
understood  even  below  Vanzone. 

The  immediate  scenery  of  the  upper  part  of 
this  beautiful  valley,  Avhere  from  its  depth  the 
lofty  mountains  were  hid  from  my  view,  reminded 
me  of  some  of  the  sweetest  scenes  of  Devonshire. 
But  the  path  soon  rose  above  the  left  bank  of  the 
river,  and  attained  a  considerable  elevation  ;  and 
I  perceived  that,  except  in  a  few  limited  spots  at 
the  upper  end  of  the  valley,  and  here  and  there  on 
the  steep  sides  of  the  mountains,  there  was  no  land 
to  cultivate.  Extensive  forests  of  chestnut  and 
walnut-trees,  fine  in  form  and  rich  in  colour, 
clothed  the  hills  as  far  up  as  the  eye  could  per- 
ceive them  (except  where  lofty  and  distant  moun- 
tains peered  above),  and  descended  far  beneath  the 
traveller's  path,  to  where  it  met  the  opposite  slope, 
scarcely  appearing  to  leave  room  enough  for  the 
river  to  struggle  through,  and  of  which  glimpses 
were  rarely  caught.  This  was  the  general  cha- 
racter of  the  valley.  From  a  chapel  at  Cima- 
morga,  in  the  road  near  Ceppo  Morelli,  there  is 
a  very  striking  view  :  in  it  all  tlie  beautiful  cha- 
racteristics of  the  scenery  seemed  to  be  assembled — 
the  river  far  beneath  struggling  thi'ough  its  narrow 
bed  ;  the  majestic  forests,  which  clothed  the  moun- 


PEOPLE  OF  THE  VAL  ANZASCA.       257 

tain  sides,  among  which  was  sometimes  seen  a 
village  church  or  group  of  cottages;  and  the  vista 
towards  the  Alps  terminated  by  the  vast  and 
beautiful  peaks  of  Mont  Rosa. 

I  was  much  struck  by  the  appearance  of  the 
inhabitants  of  this  valley.  I  rarely  saw  a  plain 
woman  :  their  beautiful  faces  and  fine  forms, 
their  look  of  cheerfulness  and  independence,  and, 
what  in  Piemont  was  more  remarkable,  their  ex- 
treme cleanliness,  continually  arrested  attention. 
Their  costume  was  peculiar,  but  pleasing :  the 
hair  braided ;  a  vest  fitted  to  the  form,  and  but- 
toned high,  over  which  was  another,  usually  em- 
broidered and  left  open  ;  beneath,  a  silk  or  other 
cincture  round  the  waist,  and  a  petticoat  reaching 
half-way  down  the  legs  :  the  feet  generally  bare ; 
the  sleeves  of  the  chemise  loose,  full,  and  white  as 
the  snow  of  their  mountains ;  with  faces,  hands, 
and  feet,  cleaner  than  those  of  any  other  peasantry 
that  I  ever  saw.  Sometimes  I  observed  a  loose 
coat,  like  that  of  the  modern  Greek,  worn  over 
their  usual  dress,  as  if  going  on  a  distant  visit. 
Naked  feet  are  rarely  seen  without  the  conco- 
mitants of  filth  and  beggary,  and  among  such 
persons  a  large  proportion  of  the  gummy  ;  but 
here  the  feet,  ancles,  and  legs,  were  models  for 
the  artist :  and  my  admiration  as  a  painter  was 
demanded,  in  observing  the  elegant  form  and 
graceful  appearance  of  one  particularly  beautiful 


258  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

young  girl,  near  St.  Carlo,  who  was  bearing  a  vessel 
of  oil  on  her  head  to  the  mines.    All  this  I  suppose 
will  appeal'  rodomontade  to  those  who  are  only  ac- 
quainted with  the  ugliness,  filth,  and  wretchedness 
of  the  general  inhabitants  of  the  valleys  of  Piemont; 
but  another  fact  will  support  the  claims  of  the  An- 
zascans  to  distinguished  superiority.     I  did  not  see 
nor  hear  of  a  goitre  or  ci'etin  in  my  day's  journey 
of  twenty-five  miles  through  the  valley  —  a  strong 
confirmation  of  the  opinions  always  given  to  my  in- 
quiries by  mountaineers  themselves,  that  the  filthy 
habits  of  a  people  are  the  primary  cause  of  goitres 
and  cretinism  ;  it  is  thus  induced  in  the  commu- 
nity of  those    afflicted   by  the    dreadful   scourge, 
becomes  hereditary,  and  can  only  be  removed  by 
a  change  of  habits  in  two  or  three  generations. 
This  valley  differs  not  in  the  local  causes,  often 
cited  as  productive  of  cretinism,  from  other  valleys- 
which  are  marked  by  this  scourge.    The  waters  of 
the  Anza  flow  fi-om  the  glaciers  of  Mont  Rosa  as 
those  of  the  Doire  descend  from  Mont  Blanc,  and 
both  are  drank  by  the  inhabitants.  The  proportions 
of  labour,  and  burdens  borne,  are  at  least  equal 
in  the  Val  Anzasca ;  the  degree  of  elevation  and 
moisture  is  similar;  and  it  is  parallel  with  those 
valleys  which  are  the   most  remarkable  for  this 
curse,  the  Valais  and  the  Val  d'Aosta. 

The  Anzascans  are  aware  that  they  have  a  re- 
putation for  cleanliness  and  beauty,  and  they  are 


VANZONE.  259 

justly  proud  of  it.  Whilst  I  was  taking  refresh- 
ment at  Vanzone,  the  principal  town  in  the  valley, 
I  mentioned  to  the  innkeeper  (rather,  a  sort  of 
keeper  of  a  chandler's  shop)  the  impression  which 
the  people  of  the  valley  had  made  upon  me.  He 
seemed  delighted  at  my  having  noticed  the  fine 
women  and  their  cleanliness,  and  said  that  what  I 
had  seen  was  not  sufficient  to  do  them  justice  : 
*'  Come,"  said  he,  "  into  our  valley  at  a  festa  ; 
see  our  women  on  Sunday  next  at  St.  Carlo,  the 
village  below  there,  which  you  see  in  the  valley ; 
all  the  world  will  be  there :  in  Upper  Val  Sesia 
they  boast  of  their  women,  but  they  are  not  to  be 
compared  to  ours."  I  spoke  again  of  their  clean- 
liness ;  he  said,  "  Our  women  pride  themselves 
upon  the  quantity,  the  fineness,  and,  above  all,  the 
whiteness  of  their  linen ;  and  they  are  so  scrupu- 
lously clean  in  their  persons,  that  (I  must  use  his 
own  energetic  expression)  il  est  plus  facile  de 
trouver  une  mouche  blanche  dans  cette  vallte  quune 
ven7iine." 

I  had  not  observed  any  beggars  in  the  valley ; 
and  there  was  no  appearance  of  poverty  :  mine 
host  said,  that  the  great  industry  of  the  Anzascans 
enabled  them  to  establish  funds  for  their  poor, 
which  prevented  their  wants,  and  restrained  their 
begging.  Those  who  could  not  work  wei'e  assisted, 
and  those  who  could,  were  not  permitted  to  be 
idle. 


260  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

Soon  after  leaving  Vanzone  we  passed  St.  Carlo, 
and  1  wished  that  I  could  have  conveniently  waited 
until  the  festa,  and  seen  the  promised  assembly  of 
the  Anzascans.  After  another  hour  we  reached 
Ponte  Grande,  a  light  single  arch  thrown  across 
the  Anza,  over  which  a  road  led  to  Banio,  and,  by 
passes  in  the  mountains,  to  the  Val  Sesia  and 
Varallo.  I  had  expected  much  from  the  scene 
described  by  Ebel,  of  Mont  Rosa  from  the  Ponte 
Grande  ;  but  it  disappointed  me  :  I  had,  perhaps, 
become  fastidious.  Shortly  after,  and  near  a  little 
plain  in  the  valley,  called  Valbianca,  a  fine  water- 
fall presented  itself.  The  road  now  became  very 
hilly  ;  and  after  leaving  Calasco,  a  steep  and  long 
ascent  led  high  up  the  side  of  the  valley.  The 
road  was  covered  for  miles  with  vines  trellised 
over  the  head  of  the  traveller,  which  often  formed 
fine  and  picturesque  foregrounds  to  the  immense 
depths  and  rich  scenes  of  the  valley  through 
which  I  had  passed :  Calasco,  Banio,  and  other 
towns  or  villages,  relieved  the  eye ;  and  the  vast 
and  distant  masses  of  the  Pic  Blanc  of  Mont 
Rosa  still  terminated  the  scene.  Shortly  before 
arriving  at  Castiglione  the  plain  of  Ossola  opened 
to  the  view  with  an  effect  strikingly  picturesque 
and  beautiful,  from  our  elevated  situation.  The 
vines,  woods,  Italian  buildings — for  they  had  now 
assumed  that  peculiar  character — the  deep  valley 
beneath,  the  peep  into  the  distant  plain,  and,  be- 


VAL  ANZASCA.  261 

yond  all  these,  the  more  distant  mountains  which 
divide  the  Val  d'Ossola  from  the  Lago  Maggiore, 
formed  an  assemblage  equal  in  picturesque  charms 
to  an}-  that  I  had  witnessed.     Some  time  before 
we  arrived  at  Castiglione  a  man  had  joined  us, 
whose  French  was  a  relief  to  me  from  the  silence 
of  nearly  all  but  gesture  which  my  guide's  patois 
imposed  upon  me.       He  relieved  Jan    by  good- 
naturedly  carrying  his  burthen,  and  was  persuaded, 
with  difficulty,  to  partake  of  some  excellent  wine 
of  the  valley,  which  we  procured  at  Castiglione. 
He    mentioned    his    intention    of   going    to    the 
Valteline.     I  picked  up  another  companion,  in  a 
young   man   of  respectable    appearance  going  to 
JNIuliera ;  from  him  I  received  much  information, 
as  we  walked    together,    about  journeys  around 
Mont  Rosa,  and   intelligence   of  the   places    and 
objects  en  route.    It  was  evening  when  we  reached 
Cima   de    Muliera,    whence    the  descent   is  very 
rapid  by  a  zig-gag  paved  road  to  Pie  de  Muliera, 
which  he  kindly  walked  through,  to  put  me  in 
the  right  i-oad  across  the  valley  to  Vogogna.     He 
pointed  out  a  house  in  passing  through  Pie  de 
Muliera,  which  formerly  belonged  to  a  superin- 
tendent of  the  gold  mines,  who  had  fantastically 
displayed  his  riches,  or  his  occupation,  by  gilding 
the  balconies,  railing,  and  other  iron-work  of  his 
residence.      1    think   I   can  perceive   in   the   \'al 
Anzasca  the  location  of  the  Ictynnili,  whose  gold 


262  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

mines  were  so  extensively  wrought,  that  Pliny  says 
a  law  existed  among  them  which  forbad  their 
employing  more  than  5000  men.  D'Anville  and 
Cluverius  place  the  Ictymuli  at  the  head  of  the 
Val  Sesia :  it  has  always  been  a  subject  of  diffi- 
culty with  ancient  geographers  ;  but  here,  where, 
and  where  only  in  Piemont,  gold  is  still  7'aised, 
the  name  of  the  Ictymuli  may  be  traced  in  the 
villages  of  Cima  de  Muliera  and  Pie  de  Muliera, 
at  the  entrance  to  the  valley  whei'e  the  mines  are 
worked,  and  where  yet,  at  the  latter  place,  the 
receiver  of  the  metal  resides.  This  admitted,  the 
commercial  importance  of  the  ancient  pass  of  the 
Moro  may  be  accounted  for ;  its  antiquity,  and  the 
excellence  of  what  remains  of  it,  carries  it  back  to 
a  remote  period  as  a  line  of  intercourse,  at  least 
coeval  with  that  of  the  Great  St.  Bernard. 

It  was  nine  o'clock,  and  I  was  much  fatiuued, 
when  we  reached  the  post-house  at  Vogogna,  in  the 
Val  d'Ossola,  where,  though  it  was  in  the  great 
route  of  the  Simplon,  I  could  not  procure  any 
tiling  but  eggs  and  coffee  ;  the  last  chicken  and 
came  had  just  been  devoured  by  two  youno-  men 
who  were  sitting  in  the  salle-a-manger.  One  of 
them,  observing  tliat  1  was  an  Englishman,  re- 
gretted that  they  had  cleared  the  larder ;  he  begged 
leave  to  assure  me,  that  his  father  had  taus:ht  him 
always  to  look  upon  my  countrymen  with  respect 
and  pleasure,  and  never  to  fail  to  express  to  them 


INSTANCE  OF  ITALIAN  GRATITUDE.  263 

his  gratitude  for  the  distinguished  kindness  with 
which  he  had  been  treated  by  them  when  he  was 
in  England.  ''  My  fathei-'s  name,  sir,"  he  said, 
"  was  Tremezzani,  and  my  mother  was  the  Sig- 
nora  Bianca  :  both  my  parents  are  now  dead  ; 
and  I  never  fail  in  this  my  duty  to  make  a  de- 
claration of  my  father's  grateful  recollections  of 
England  and  Englishmen,  when  an  opportunity 
occurs." 

I  discharged  my  cheerful,  civil  guide  before  I 
retired,  as  he  wished  to  leave  Vogogna  for  his  native 
valley  at  an  early  hour  to-morrow  morning :  we 
parted  excellent  friends,  with  his  assurance  that 
he  was  contentissima. 

My  recollection  of  the  scenes  which  I  have 
passed  through  in  the  last  three  days,  from  Visp  to 
Vogogna,  induce  me  to  think  this  pass  the  most 
wild,  interesting,  and  beautiful  that  I  have  yet 
made ;  and  the  Val  Anzasca  I  have  distinguished 
in  my  mind  as  the  happy  valley,  not  only  for  the 
blessings  which  its  inhabitants  possess,  but  the  evils 
which  they  appear  to  have  avoided,  and  which 
have  rendered  even  the  presence  of  priests  unne- 
cessary,—  at  least  I  saw  none;  nor  did  I,  during 
my  descent  through  the  valley,  from  Macugnaga 
to  Pie  de  Muliera,  meet  or  see  a  soldier,  a  douanier, 
or  a  beggar — a  goitre  or  a  cretin. 


264  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


CHAPTER  XVII. 

Intra  —  Jour  Maigre  —  Lago  Maggiore  —  Luvino — Lugano  — 
Lake  of  Lugano  —  Porlezza  —  Road  to  Menagio —  Lake  of 
Como  —  Domasio —  Musquittoes  —  Lake  of  Riva  —  Chia- 
venna — Isola — New  Route  of  the  Splugen  —  Splugen  — 
Andeer — Via  Mala — Richendau  —  Coire. 

August  21  th.  —  I  engaged  a  char  to  take  me  to 
Intra,  on  the  Lago  Maggiore.  Before  I  left  the 
post-house,  I  found  that  my  guide  had  ordered  a 
supper  last  night,  and  left  me  to  pay  for  it  —  so 
much  for  the  primitive  simplicity  of  my  man  of 
Saas.  I  had  expected,  soon  after  leaving  Vogogna 
and  passing  the  Toccia,  to  have  repassed  the  river, 
as  indicated  in  a  route  in  Kellar's  map,  and  to  have 
skirted  its  left  hank  to  the  Lago  Maggiore ;  hut  I 
was  surprised  at  my  conductor  driving  me  on  the 
Simplon  route,  heyond  the  magnificent  hridge  which 
crosses  the  Negolia,  the  river  which  flows  from  the 
beautiful  Lago  d'Orta,  mentioned  in  my  first  ex- 
cursion, until  we  arrived  very  near  to  Fariolo,  where 
we  turned  off  by  a  new  road  that  has  been  lately 
finished,  which  leads  to  the  passage  of  the  Toccia, 
by  a  flying  bridge,  close  to  its  confluence  with  the 
lake.   A  new  and  beautiful  route  on  the  other  side  of 


INTRA.  265 

the  river  skirts  the  lake  to  Sono  and  Palanza.  My 
conductor  turned  off  on  the  left  to  Intra,  avoiding 
the  detour  of  Palanza  ;  this  short  cut  could  scarcely 
be  called  a  carriaore-road.  At  Intra  I  was  served 
with  an  abundant  dinner;  for  though  it  was  meagre 
day,  and  offered  to  a  single  traveller,  there  were 
nine  different  dishes  offish,  and  as  many  of  cooked 
and  raw  fruits,  including  a  bottle  of  excellent  wine: 
for  all  this  the  charge  was  only  three  francs.  From 
the  inn  window  the  scene  on  the  lake  was  very 
beautiful.  Vines  trellised  in  front  of  the  inn  af- 
forded shelter  from  the  sun,  to  the  traveller  w^ho 
preferred  taking  wine  and  refreshment  beneath 
them  ;  to  which  the  breeze  from  the  lake  was  a 
delicious  aid.  The  beautiful  forms  and  colours  of 
the  mountains  that  surround  the  lake,  the  deep 
tint  of  its  waters,  and  the  bustle  of  the  boats  and 
white  fluttering  of  their  sails  on  the  surface  of  the 
lake  —  all  formed  a  picture  of  romantic  beauty. 

From  Intra  I  took  a  boat,  and  ascended  the 
lake  to  Luvino,  where  the  Austrian  douaniers  asked 
for  half  a  franc  not  to  see  my  baggage.  I  arrived 
there  about  six  o'clock,  too  late  to  go  to  Lugano  this 
evening.  The  inn  was  very  dirty,  but  the  landlord 
civil  and  attentive.  Just  as  I  had  retired,  I  was 
roused  by  the  firing  of  cannon  ;  about  thirty  rounds 
disturbed  the  neighliourhood  :  this  was  the  com- 
mencement  of  another    festa    in    honour   of  the 

N 


266  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

Virgin,  the  priests  having  again  ordered  a  day  of 
idleness  for  to-morrow. 

28^7/.  —  I  was  awoke  this  morning  at  four,  by 
the  busy  idlers  commencing  their  morning  service 
to  the  Virgin  with  another  salute  of  cannon.  I 
engaged  a  char  of  my  landlord,  to  take  me  to 
Lugano.  On  my  leaving  the  narrow  streets  of 
Luvino,  at  five  o'clock,  some  of  the  inhabitants 
were  ari'anging  an  awning  over  the  streets  thi'ough 
which  the  image  of  the  Madonna  was  to  pass,  and 
others  were  erecting  triumphal  arches  of  poles 
covered  with  moss,  and  decorated  with  ai'tificial 
flowers.  My  conductor,  a  boy  of  the  inn,  in  spite 
of  the  obstructions  which  this  mummery  produced, 
dashed  up  the  steep  streets  and  new  road  with  such 
speed  as  almost  to  rob  me  of  the  beautiful  scenes 
presented  by  the  lake  fi'om  the  road  above  Luvino, 
where  I  compelled  him  to  stop,  however,  whilst 
1  made  a  sketch.  Away  we  drove  again  ;  the 
poor  horse  was  forced  through  the  beautiful  valley 
of  Tresa,  up  and  down,  with  no  other  remission 
of  his  speed  than  the  restraints  which  I  imposed 
from  a  sense  of  danger.  This  extraordinary  haste, 
regardless  alike  of  my  neck  and  the  horse's  safety, 
■was  made,  to  return  to  the  festa  in  time.  We 
accomplished  in  three  hours  what  is  usually  a 
journey  of  five  :  it  was  scarcely  eight  o'clock  when 
we  arrived  at  Lugano.     Much  of  the  road  is  very 


LUGANO.  267 

beautiful,  particularly  near  Ponte  Tresa.  This  town 
has  a  striking  Italian  air,  owing  to  its  numerous 
arcades,  between  which  we  rattled  over  the  small 
pavement.  The  fig,  the  almond,  the  vine,  and  the 
peacli,  abounded  in  the  scenes  through  which  we 
drove.  The  occasional  peeps  over  the  western  arm 
of  the  lake  of  Lugano,  the  hills  richly  wooded,  the 
churches,  convents,  and  villages,  presented  views 
highly  picturesque ;  and  on  the  left,  near  the  com- 
mencement of  the  descent  to  Lugano,  the  little 
lake  of  Muzano  adds  to  the  number  of  delightful 
scenes  and  impressions  which  the  traveller  receives 
in  tliis  pleasant  route. 

I  breakfasted  at  the  Hotel  de  la  Poste,  in  an 
immense  salle-a-manger ;  it  appeared  to  be  a  good 
as  well  as  large  establishment.  A  boat  was  soon 
ready  to  take  me  to  Porlezza,  at  the  north-eastern 
extremity  of  the  lake.  The  voyage  was  delightful. 
The  most  important  feature  in  the  scenes  on  the 
lake  immediately  after  leaving  Lugano,  is  the  mont 
and  church  of  St.  Salvador,  the  ascent  to  which  is 
long  and  difficult;  and  though  an  annual  service 
is  performed  there,  I  should  think  most  of  the 
attendants  went  in  obedience  to  an  order  of  their 
church  as  a  penance.  My  boatman  told  me  the 
mount  was  infested  with  vipers :  let  them  dedi- 
cate it  to  St.  Patrick.  Opposite  to  Mont  Sal- 
vador is  the  wine -port  of  the  lake,  Caprino, 
where  it  is  kept  cool  in  caverns ;  it  is  a  favourite 


2G8  EXCURSIONS  IN  TUE  ALPS. 

resort   of  the  wine-bibbers  of  Lugano.     The  day 
was  beautiful :    there   was   a   spirit  in   the   scene 
which  charmed  the  feelings ;  and  the  quiet  of  the 
lake,  unbroken  but  by  the  rowers'  paddles,  seemed 
as  if  the  world's  cares  had  never  come  within  its 
precincts.     The  hills  which  spring  from  the  lake 
present  forms  as  bold  as  the  picturesque  demands, 
and  more  beautiful  than  imagination  could  paint; 
the  mountains,  though  covered  with  verdure  and 
forest-trees,  were  indented  into  deep  and  varied 
ravines ;  and  the  churches,    and   villas,   and  the 
towns,*  which  decorate  their  sides  or  crown  their 
summits,  break  their  masses  with  forms  and  colours 
which  relieve  and  gratify  the  eye  of  the  observer. 
Vines  were  terraced  half-way  up  their  sides ;  but 
so  arranged  with  the  masses  of  wood  and  foliage, 
that  art  concealed  art — unlike  the  eternal  parallel 
lines  which  so  effectually  destroy  the  picturesque, 
and  map  out  the  sides  of  the  hills  which  skirt  the 
Rhine. 

Tlie  scenery  became  more  wild  and  rugged  as 
we  approached  Porlezza,  the  banks  of  the  lake  pre- 
senting every  variety  of  form — abrupt,  precipitous, 
shelving,  and  flat.  Villas  and  villages  every  where 
speckle  its  shores,  and  relieve  the  foliage  of  the 
hills  with  an  appearance  so  gay  amidst  a  scene  so 
retired  as  to  create  the  idea  of  a  beautiful  contra- 
diction. 

*  St.  Mometto,  Val  Soldo,  and  others. 


WALK  TO  MENAGIO.  269 

At  Porlezza  my  passports  were  again  demanded 
by  the  Austrian  duggcuiiers,  as  a  waggish  friend 
calls  them.  Haifa  franc  commanded  their  civility ; 
and  I  proceeded  on  foot  to  Menagio,  on  the  Lago 
di  Como,  taking  with  me  as  a  guide,  and  to  carry 
my  baggage,  the  boatman,  a  very  fine  young  man, 
who  was  a  soldier  in  the  Austrian  service  on  fur- 
lough. His  leave  of  absence  was  nearly  expired, 
and  he  would  have  in  three  weeks  to  join  his  regi- 
ment at  Vienna.  We  were  accompanied  by  a  man 
to  whom  he  had  given  a  passage,  for  his  services  in 
assisting  to  row;  and  we  overtook  the  man  going  to 
the  Valtelline  whom  I  had  met  in  the  Val  Anzasca, 
at  Castiglione — it  was  a  friendly  recognition.  The 
heat  from  twelve  to  two  o'clock,  the  time  occupied 
in  our  walk  to  Menagio,  was  excessive,  and  I  never 
felt  so  severely  oppressed  by  it.  At  Piano,  a  little 
village  near  a  beautiful  lake  of  that  name,  we  pro- 
cured some  wine,  but  could  get  no  cold  water,  so 
that  it  rather  increased  our  distress  than  allayed 
it ;  and  it  was  not  till  within  a  mile  of  Mena2:io 
that  we  found  what  we  so  much  wanted  —  a  foun- 
tain of  icy  coldness.  I  had  often  observed  the 
carelessness  of  guides,  who  fearlessly  allayed  their 
thirst  by  copious  draughts  of  the  coldest  water  — 
in  fact,  despising  all  streams  that  were  not  so  ;  but 
I  never  saw  any  ill  effects  from  it :  they  used  the 
caution  only  of  never  so  indulging  except  during  a 
journey  —  never  when  they  were  likely  to  rest  for 


270  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

an  hour.  The  road  to  Menagio  from  Porlezza  is 
excellent  for  carriages ;  though  the  host  at  Luvino 
told  mo  last  evening  that  it  was  not  possible  to 
pass  it  but  on  foot ;  and  among  other  lies,  that  it 
was  on  the  edge  of  precipices  fearfully  hanging 
over  the  lake,  I  have  not  travelled  any  where 
in  Switzerland  over  a  better  road.  A  mile  before 
we  arrived  at  Menagio  we  met  several  young  fel- 
lows, who  pressed  me  to  agree  Avith  them  for  a 
boat  to  Riva ;  but  I  was  rather  too  old  a  traveller 
for  the  trick  :  in  spite  of  their  officiously  relieving 
my  guide  of  some  baggage,  and  other  decoys,  I 
was  obstinate  in  confining  my  offers  to  one  half 
of  what  they  asked  ;  and  it  was  only  when  we 
were  entering  Menagio,  that  they  agreed  to  what 
I  learnt  they  could  not  fulfil  of  themselves,  but 
sought  boatmen  to  bargain  for  my  conveyance 
at  a  price  which  would  leave  them  a  profit.  1  then 
refused  their  services.  Their  next  object  was  to 
procure  bribes  from  the  innkeeper  to  detain  me  for 
the  night,  by  preventing  my  getting  a  boat;  but 
I  had,  hickily,  a  friend  in  the  man  who  had  ac- 
companied us  from  Lugano ;  he  was  anxious  to  get 
to  his  home  at  Cremia,  a  villaoe  on  the  borders  of 
the  lake,  and  he  had  therefore  an  interest  in  de- 
feating the  rascals. 

I  soon  procured  a  boat,  took  in  my  stores,  and 
embarked  for  Riva,  My  friend  was  put  on  shore 
at  Cremia ;   and   at  six  o'clock  I  arrived  at  Do- 


LAKES  OF  COMO  AND  RIVA.  ^71 

masio,  which  my  men  insisted  upon  putting  into, 
and  wished  nie  to  stay  there  for  the  night,  or,  at 
all  events,  to  procure  another  boat  and  boatmen 
to  navio-ate  the  shallows  whicli  connect  the  lake 
of  Como  to  that  of  Riva.  They  told  me  that  any 
attempt  to  sleep  at  Riva  would  be  fatal ; — that  all 
travellers,  to  avoid  the  malaria,  rested  at  Domasio, 
or  proceeded  to  Chiavenna,  which  it  was  now  too 
late  for  me  to  do  :  I  was  determined  ;  and  finding 
me  so,  they  got  another  light  boat  ready,  into 
which  I  was  soon  transferred ;  and  the  skill  and 
caution  displayed  by  my  new  associates,  convinced 
me  that  my  boatmen  from  Menagio  had  acted 
prudently.  The  current  sets  strong  into  the  lake 
of  Como,  and  the  channel  is  so  shallow,  that  even 
with  my  experienced  men  we  were  once  aground. 
The  slow  mixture  of  the  waters  presented  a  curious 
appearance  :  the  yellow  turbid  water  of  the  Riva 
flowed  for  a  considerable  way  into  the  lake  of 
Como,  with  a  line  as  distinctly  marked  as  dif- 
ferent  liquors  in  a  chemist's  shew-bottle ;  and 
two  inciies  on  either  side  of  the  line  a  phial 
might  have  been  filled  with  foul  or  clear  water. 
Myriads  of  musquittoes  annoyed  us.  I  wrapped 
myself  well  in  my  cloak,  and  when  passing  the 
flats  between  lh(!  lakes,  wore  my  gauze  mask 
for  protection  :  these  insects  disappeared  after  we 
got  into  deep  water.  We  proceeded  through  a 
scene  of  sterility ;  tlie   bare  rocks,  rising  perpen- 


272  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

dicularly  from  the  lake,  appeared  fearfully  to 
hang  over  us  to  a  terrific  height ;  and  this  effect 
was  increased  by  the  darkness  and  oljscurity  of 
evening,  which  had  now  overtaken  us.  The 
rising;  moon  made  the  eastern  side  of  the  lake 
take  a  deeper  hue,  whilst  her  faint  light  gave  a 
visionary  appearance  to  the  wild  rocks  which  over- 
hung our  approach  to  Riva  ;  and  the  evening's 
silence  was  only  broken  by  the  occasional  hum  of 
a  musquitto.  It  was  nine  o'clock  before  we  ar- 
rived at  Riva ;  the  boatmen  advised  me  not  to 
attempt  to  remain  there,  and  offered  to  take  my 
portmanteau  and  walk  on  twelve  miles  with  me, 
to  Chiavenna.  The  nifjht  was  beautiful.  I  loaded 
my  guides,  and  after  a  long  and  fatiguing  day's 
journey,  I  found  myself  welcomed,  at  twelve 
o'clock,  by  the  civil  landlord  of  the  Poste,  who, 
though  knocked  up,  procured  me  refreshment, 
and  shewed  me  to  a  clean  and  excellent  bed  and 
chamber. 

29th.  —  Mine  host  of  the  Post  Haus  was  very 
obliging.  I  had  arisen  too  late  to  see  some  En- 
glish travellers  who  had  slept  there  on  their  way 
to  the  lake.  A  look  is  probably  all  that  would  have 
been  exchanged.  My  courtesies  were  generally 
ready  for  my  countrymen ;  but  I  had  seen  so 
much  of  their  unconquerable  sheepishness  and 
restraining  pride,  that  I  seldom  began  a  conver- 
sation with  an  Englishman  unless  invited  to  it  by 


CHIAVENNA.  273 

an  expression  which  said,  it  will  be  courteously 
received.  INIine  host  w^alked  out  with  me  as 
cicerone ;  he  was  communicative  and  obliging, 
and  went  with  me  over  what  had  once  been  a 
cloister,  but  its  cells  were  now  employed  as  depots 
of  wine,  corn,  &c. :  his  object  in  taking  me  there 
was  to  shew  me  a  picture, — for  he  dabbled  in  the 
fine  arts,  and  sometimes  caught  a  gull,  to  whom 
he  sold  a  picture  whose  only  recommendation 
was  the  name  of  a  school  or  master,  which,  boldly 
asserted,  was  a  bait  not  to  be  resisted  by  some  of 
my  countrymen  who  would  be  thought,  with 
"  Sir  Visto,"  to  have  a  taste.  This  convent  was 
purchased  by  the  post-master  when  these  worse 
than  useless  establishments  were  suppressed  by  the 
French  during  their  occupation  of  Chiavenna.  My 
cicerone  is  thought  a  rich  man,  and  consequentl}^ 
an  important  one.  There  are  some  large  caverns 
in  the  rocks  near  the  city,  which  are  extremely 
cold  :  in  these  the  famous  wine  is  kept  which  is 
brought  from  the  Valtelliue,  and  of  which  large 
quantities  are  now  sent  into  the  Grisons,  since  the 
completion  of  the  route  of  the  Splugen. 

The  voiture  which  had  brought  my  country- 
men from  Coire  to  Chiavenna,  I  engaged,  through 
the  agency  of  the  postmaster,  to  take  me  across 
the  Splugen  on  his  return,  and  I  agreed  to  pay 
him  two  French  crowns  (twelve  francs)  a-day 
whilst  I  employed  him  :  it  was  a  roomy  excellent 


n2 


274  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS, 

carriage,  ^vitli  two  good  horses.  My  conductor 
spoke  only  German  and  Romanche,  except  a  few 
words  of  Italian,  which  became  my  only  means  of 
communication  with  him.  We  left  Chiavenna 
about  nine  o'clock,  and  ascended  by  an  excellent 
road  the  valley,  or  rather  gorge,  of  St.  Giacomo. 
From  Chiavenna  to  St.  Maria  the  road  lies  in  this 
narrow  valley,  which  is  strewed  with  rocks,  through 
which  the  torrent  of  the  Lira  strusiules,  that  de- 
scends  from  the  south  side  of  the  Splugen.  Wher- 
ever a  little  soil  is  found,  the  chestnut  and  walnut- 
trees  grow  luxuriantly  ;  and  not  an  inch  of  ground 
which  can  be  effected  by  the  plough  or  the  spade, 
is  neolected.  The  tower  of  St.  Maria  is  a  striking; 
object  in  its  wild  locality,  as  the  eye  turns  back 
on  the  valley  and  regards  the  entrance  to  the  Val 
Brcgaglia.  Well-constructed  tourniquets  in  the 
road  enabled  us  to  ascend  ra])id]y ;  and  I  found 
myself  at  the  entrance  of  the  Campo  Dolcino 
much  earlier  than  I  expected.  The  name  pro- 
mises much  more  than  the  scene  realises  ;  for  the 
Campo  Dolcino  is  a  little  unpicturesque  plain, 
about  a  mile  in  length,  surrounded  by  lofty  moun- 
tains. After  passing  through  it,  the  road  enters  a 
defile,  in  which  the  most  striking  feature  is  a 
waterfall  of  nearly  300  feet  in  height,  which  ap- 
pears to  fall  from  the  heavens,  as  the  sky  is  inter- 
cepted by  the  top  of  the  fall,  where  its  bright  edge 
reflects  so  much  light  tbat  the  line  of  separation 


isoLA.  275 

is  with  so  much  difficulty  distinguished,  that  they 
appear  to  he  united  :  the  dark  rocks  on  either  side 
near  their  bases  are  well  wooded,  and  present  alto- 
gether a  striking  scene.  Thence  the  road  shortly 
opens  upon  the  rising  plain  of  I  sola  ;  and  the 
mountain-road,  by  the  old  pass  of  the  Cardinels,  is 
abruptly  presented.  The  new  road  turns  off  half  a 
mile  before  Isola,  and  ascends  on  the  right :  and  to 
those  who  travel  post  or  rest  at  Campo  Dolcino, 
Isola  is  altogether  avoided  ;  but  we  went  theie  to 
refresh  the  horses  and  ourselves.  I  was  provided 
with  an  excellent  dinner,  and  with  the  dessert  a 
delicious  preparation  of  curds,  known  by  the  name 
of  sega.  From  the  window  of  the  inn  at  Isola,  the 
new  road  could  be  seen  winding  to  a  vast  height 
above  the  valley.  The  newly-constructed  galleries 
were  distinctly  seen ;  some  had  been  insecurely 
built,  and  the  labourers  were  employed  in  repair- 
ing them,  and  blasting  the  rocks  for  the  widening 
of  other  parts  of  the  road.  Whilst  I  waited  the 
preparation  of  my  dinner,  at  one  o'clock  I  heard 
a  drum  beaten  in  the  mountains,  which  my  host 
told  me  was  the  signal  to  the  men  to  guai'd  against 
the  explosions,  which  took  place  every  day  at  that 
hour.  In  a  few  moments  the  thunder  of  the  mines 
reverl)erated  through  the  valley,  and  the  rocks 
blown  out  and  rolling  down  the  mountain  sides, 
produced,  from  where  I  was  securely  placed,  a 
fine  effect.     Isola  was  the  last  village  on  the  road 


276  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

when  the  pass  was  by  the  Cardinels.  Now  the 
landlord's  occupation,  as  well  as  that  of  the  villa- 
gers, who  acted  as  guides,  must  be  almost  gone. 
Tlie  old  road  was  exceedingly  dangerous  in  the 
spring;  but  at  other  times, though  always  fatiguing, 
its  appalling  terrors  were  only  to  be  found  in  the 
books  of  travellers. 

From  Isola  we  returned  to  the  new  road,  and 
began  its  ascent ;  it  is  steeper  than  that  of  the 
Sim  pi  on  generally,  and  all  the  turns  are  so  abrupt, 
that  a  cari'iage  descending  rapidly  would,  with- 
out great  caution  on  the  part  of  the  postilion, 
be  thrown  over  in  winding  round  the  toui-ni- 
quets :  there  were  not  fewer,  I  think,  than  thirty 
turnings  in  the  zig-zag  ascent.  My  conductor 
was  very  anxious  to  learn  if  I  had  a  stiletto  with 
me  ;  because,  he  said,  if  it  were  seen  by  the 
Austrian  preposc  on  the  summit  at  their  station, 
I  should  be  sent  in  chains  to  Milan  or  Venice. 
I  told  him  that  the  English  never  travelled  with 
stilettos,  but  were  usually  armed  with  pistols. 
"  Ah  !  had  I  pistols?"  "  Yes."  "  They  were 
worse  than  stilettos.  Were  they  large?  "  "  No." 
"  Worse  still ;  if  they  had  been  large  anJ.  difficult 
to  conceal,  they  iniglit  have  passed  as  a  necessary 
protection  to  a  traveller  ;  but  small  pistols,  such 
as  mine,  which  increased  his  terror  on  inspection, 
as  they  had  percussion-locks,  to  him  a  secret  con- 
trivance, would  lead  me  into  certain  difficulty  if 


NEW  ROUTE  OF  THE  SPLUGEN.  277 

they  were  seen.  An  Italian  nobleman,  he  said, 
had  been  sent  back  from  the  Splugen  to  Venice 
handcuffed,  because  a  stiletto  (secret  arms)  had 
been  found  upon  him.  I  laughed  at  his  fears, 
and  had  cause  to  do  so,  as  I  was  neither  sub- 
jected to  inquiry  nor  search  at  the  custom-house. 

An  ascent  of  an  hour  brought  us  to  that  part 
of  the  road  where  the  rocks  had  been  blasted,  and 
it  had  since  required  the  active  exertions  of  nearly 
a  hundred  men,  women,  and  children  employed 
there,  to  remove  enough  of  the  rocks  and  stones 
blown  out,  to  make  a  passage  for  the  can-iage, 
and  in  some  places  we  were  detained.  The  works 
were  of  various  character  to  protect  the  traveller 
against  avalanches  in  dangerous  parts :  in  some, 
excavations  had  been  made  in  the  solid  rock, 
others  were  covered  ways  built  of  strong  masonry; 
and  some  had  on  the  lower  side  of  the  road,  walls 
and  pillars  of  masonry,  fi-oni  the  tojas  of  which 
rafters  were  placed  sloping  upwards  to  the  rocks 
or  steep  banks  :  on  the  high  side  of  the  road  these 
are  covered  with  fir  plank,  making  an  inclined 
roof,  over  which  the  winter  avalanche  can  slide  into 
the  abyss  below,  and  leave  the  traveller  in  shelter 
and  security  beneath  its  protection.  Antonio  Tala- 
chini,  of  Milan,  was  the  apaltatore  or  engineer-in- 
chief  ibr  the  route  of  the  Splugen,  and  Donneganna 
his  assistant. 

The  scene  from  near  the  last  of  these  covered 


278  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

ways  on  the  ascent,  at  the  "  Casa  di  recovero  da 
Tagiate,"  is  very  extraordinary,  from  the  vast  depth 
of  the  valley,  and  the  appearance  of  the  road  which 
conducts  to  it,  as  it  is  seen  stretching  its  white 
and  zig-zag  line,  like  the  track  of  some  enormous 
serpent,  down  the  mountain's  side ;  and  it  is  fur- 
ther traced  at  the  end  of  the  plain  of  Isola,  and 
among  the  mountain  bases  beyond  it,  even  to 
the  little  plain  of  Campo  Dolcino.  From  the 
sides  of  the  surrounding  mountains,  torrents,  like 
white  threads,  were  seen  to  pour  their  streams 
into  the  valley  below.  Above  Tagiate  the  road 
assumes  a  more  savage  aspect.  Mont  Splugen 
rises  before  it,  covered  with  its  eternal  glaciers ; 
and  the  greatest  elevation  of  the  pass  seems  here 
to  be  attained  :  it  turns  rather  abruptly  round  to 
the  left,  and  enters  upon  a  plain  which  bears  every 
character  of  an  ancient  lake  :  through  this  a  gra- 
dual descent  conducts  to  the  station  of  the  Aus- 
trians,  at  the  frontier  of  their  new  state  of  Chia- 
venna.  Here  numerous  carts  and  wagons,  laden 
with  cotton.  Sec.  going  to  Switzerland,  and  fir 
planks  brought  over  from  the  pine-forests  in  the 
Grisons,  on  the  way  to  Milan,  were  waiting  the 
necessary  passports  and  authorities.  I  met  more 
than  200  such  wagons  this  day,  chiefly  drawn  by 
bullocks.  The  obvious  commercial  importance  of 
this  route  created  surprise  that  it  was  so  long 
impracticable  to  this  mode  of  conveyance.     The 


SPLUGEN. 


279 


situation  of  the  custom-house  was  well  chosen,  as, 
though  the  elevation  is  very  great,  it  is  yet  sur- 
rounded by  mountains,  and  in  every  way  sheltered. 
The  douaniers  were  so  obliging,  that  it  was'  not 
even  necessary  to  get  out  of  the  carriage.  A  small 
coin  given  to  the  officer  who  took  and  brought  my 
passport,  secured  his  civility. 

From  the  custom-house  to  the  sunmiit  was 
about  half  an  hour.  Near  this  was  another  casa 
di  recovero ;  and  at  the  greatest  elevation  a  circle 
is  formed  in  the  road,  whei-e  seats  and  a  memento 
of  the  construction  of  this  route  are  placed.  From 
this  spot  the  Swiss  side  of  the  mountain  is  seen 
extending  far  and  deep  into  the  pine-foresls;  and 
the  road,  after  numerous  windings,  again  reaches 
the  woods,  whence,  in  a  short  time,  it  opens  upon 
the  valley  of  the  Hinter-Rhin  and  the  village  of 
Splugen.  To  enter  this  town  a  covered  bridge 
over  the  Rhine  is  traversed,  and  a  very  good  inn 
offered  its  welcome  to  us  ;  but  I  had  determined, 
as  we  had  still  three  hours  of  light  before  us,  to 
refresh  a  little,  and  proceed  to  Andeer.  The  inn 
was  a  large  establishment,  where  groceries,  iron- 
mongery, mercery,  and  drapery,  as  well  as  wines, 
were  to  be  had.  ■  Mine  host  was  also  the  land- 
ammann  and  post-master,  &c.  We  procui-ed  good 
wine,  which  we  immediately  drank;  and  I  took  on 
a  delicious  bottle  of  Cyprus  with  us. 

We  descended  by  the  banks  of  the  Rliine,  and 


280  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

crossed  it  as  we  entered  the  glen  of  Rofla,  which  I 
fancied  was  the  Via  Mala,  and  under  this  impres- 
sion was  disappointed,  though  the  route  was  wild 
and  fine,  lying  through  a  glen  in  which  were  some 
remains  of  iron-works.  Here  vast  pines  were  ac- 
cumulated, brought  down  by  a  slide  from  a  height 
far  above  us,  the  slide  being  two  miles  long  :  it 
is  from  this  place  that  the  supplies  of  building- 
timber  are  now  chiefly  obtained  for  Milan,  with 
which  we  saw  the  wagons  laden  on  the  mountain. 
The  Rhine  is  a  foaming  torrent  through  this  glen, 
forming  some  fine  cataracts,  seen  through  the 
large  trunks  of  old  and  broken  pines.  The  descent 
to  Andeer,  in  the  valley  of  Schams,  from  the  village 
of  Splugen,  1500  feet  nearer  to  the  level  of  the  sea, 
occupied  nearly  three  hours.  At  Andeer  I  was 
welcomed  at  an  excellent  inn,  the  Golden  Crown, 
where  good  refreshment  and  a  comfortable  bed 
promised  to  prepare  me  well  for  the  continuance 
of  my  journey. 

'SOfh. — The  clouds  hung  low  and  heavy  in  the 
valley  of  Schams,  and  obscured  the  surrounding 
scenery  :  this  is  an  accident  to  which  the  Alpine 
traveller  is  very  liable,  and  it  is  fortunate  for  him 
if  he  be  detained  in  a  place  where  he  may  visit 
churches,  collections,  or  public  works  of  interest, 
and  his  lanouao-e  be  understood.  Here  the  tedium 
of  a  six  hours'  detention  was  scarcely  relieved  by 
a  visit  to  the  small  unpretending  Protestant  church 


/ 


VIA  MALA.  281 

of  Andeer.  The  people  are  of  the  reformed  re- 
ligion, and  their  language  Romanche.  On  my 
descent  from  the  church  I  was  addressed  in  En- 
glish by  a  gentleman,  whose  commercial  inter- 
course with  us,  during  the  prohibition  of  English 
goods  on  the  continent  by  Buonaparte,  when  the 
agency  of  the  Swiss  was  as  profitable  as  it  was 
dangerous,  had  given  him  a  familiar  acquaintance 
with  our  language ;  I  found  him  intelligent,  com- 
municative, and  encouraging,  for  he  gave  me 
the  hope  of  the  weather  clearing  in  a  few  hours, 
and  my  proceeding  to  Coire  to-day.  We  walked 
together  to  the  old  warm  baths  of  Andeer  or 
Pigneurbad — now  deserted  and  decaying.  He 
related  to  me  some  extraordinary  tales  of  bear- 
hunts.  These  furnish  some  of  the  bi'ightest  oppor- 
tunities for  displays  of  heroism  among  the  moun- 
taineers of  these  districts:  from  him,  too,  I  learned 
something  of  the  recent  undertakings  of  the  canton 
of  the  Grisons,  in  the  construction  of  the  road 
over  the  Bernardin,  and  that  which  they  also  con- 
template of  the  passage  by  the  Julian  Alps.  The 
weather  cleared  up  about  twelve  o'clock,  when  I 
started,  taking  with  me  my  new  friend  as  far  as 
Tusis.  We  passed  through  Zillis  or  Schams,  and 
shortly  entered  the  tremendous  defile  of  the  Via 
Mala.  A  safe  and  well-constructed  road  conducts 
through  this  narrow  glen,  where  the  rocks  and 
mountains  rise  to  a  vast  height  above  the  traveller's 


282  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

head.  Sometimes  forests  of  pines,  which  spring 
out  of  the  face  of  the  rock,  scarcely  lessen  its  sa- 
vage aspect,  as  some  of  them,  scathed  and  broken, 
hang  fearfully  over,  or  entangle  with  the  trunks 
and  roots  of  others.  Three  well-constructed  stone 
bridges,  thrown  across  a  horrid  gulf,  hai'dly  af- 
ford to  the  passenger  a  sense  of  security.  Some 
glimpses  only  are  caught  of  the  struggling  tor- 
rent, which  from  the  parapet  of  the  first  bridge 
appears  foaming  througli  its  tortuous  bed,  appa- 
rently, from  its  violent  eddies,  against  the  direction 
of  the  stream.  A  stone  dropped  from  the  parapet 
sunk  above  200  feet  before  it  touched  the  water. 
Large  trunks  of  trees  brought  down  by  the  tor- 
rents hung  in  crevices  and  on  ledges  of  the  rocks 
below,  and  added  greatly  to  the  wild  horror  of 
the  feai"ful  depth. 

At  the  end  of  the  defile,  where  it  opens  into  the 
vale  of  Domleschg,  the  castle  of  Rhaalta,  or  Alba 
Rhetia,  said  to  be  the  oldest  in  the  Grisons,  towers 
on  the  perpendicular  rock  of  Johannenstein  640 
feet  above  the  bed  of  the  Rhine,  and  commands 
the  entrance  to  the  defile,  neaidy  opposite  to  where 
a  road  is  cut  through  the  rock,  at  a  place  called 
the  Verlohren  Loch  ;  it  is  a  bad  specimen  of  en- 
gineering. They  began  to  pierce  it  at  both  ends, 
and  it  cannot  be  said  that  they  met  in  the  middle, 
it  is  so  crooked ;  yet  its  length  is  not  above  a  hun- 
dred paces.     In  this  part  of  the  gorge  the  strug- 


REICHENAU.  283 

gling  torrent  can  scarcely  be  heard,  and  not  at  all 
seen  below ;  and  of  the  vast  pines  which  grow  out 
of  the  rocky  fissures  half-way  down,  the  tops  do  not 
reach  the  parapet  of  the  road.  A  few  years  ago, 
the  pines  on  the  other  side  of  the  gorge  took  fire, 
and  the  heat  was  so  excessive  that  travellers  could 
not  pass  on  the  road  opposite  for  several  days. 
Just  beneath  the  old  castle  I  parted  with  my  com- 
panion, who  crossed  the  river  on  a  light  bridge, 
to  ascend  the  valley  of  the  Albula,  whilst  I  pro- 
ceeded through  Tusis,  crossing  by  a  bridge  the 
black  waters  of  the  Nolla.  The  rain  which  occa- 
sionally fell  annoyed  me  less  than  it  would  other- 
wise have  done,  because  I  was  aware  of  the  neces- 
sity of  my  returning  to  the  village  of  Splugen,  on 
my  way  to  the  Bernardin,  and  therefore  that  this 
day's  scenery  would  be  revisited.  I  passed  through 
the  rich  valley  of  Domleschg  to  Retzuns  and  Rei- 
chenau  ;  where  the  Vorder  Rhine  is  crossed  by  a 
wooden  covered  bridge  before  the  traveller  enters 
the  village.  We  rested  here  to  refresh  the  horses, 
and  I  entered  the  gardens  of  the  landammann,  who 
is  a  large  proprietor  in  this  canton.  These  pleasant 
gardens  project  between  the  two  bridges  towards 
the  confluence,  and  arc  delightfully  situated,  but 
there  is  a  finnikin  and  Cockney  air  about  their 
laying  out  which  one  could  not  have  expected  so 
far  from  Pentonville.  In  leaving  Reichenau  we 
crossed  a  wooden  and  covered  bridge,  of  a  single 


284 


EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


immei)se  arch,  one  of  the  finest  structures  of  this 
class  hi  the  Grisons  ;  thence  the  road  turns  off 
ahi-uptly  towards  Coire ;  continuing  on  the  right 
bank  of  the  Rhine,  it  passes  through  Ems,  where 
the  Mont  Galenda  appears,  a  grand  object.  The 
valley  widens  into  a  plain  ,  and  seated  deep  on  the 
right,  at  the  base  of  some  lofty  mountains,  Coire, 
the  capital  of  the  Grisons,  is  finely  situated.  I 
was  received  with  much  civility,  chez  Carlo  Denz, 
at  the  Steinbroc.  After  a  table-dlibte  supper  with 
some  ex-military,  I  made  arrangements  for  the 
refitting  of  my  wardrobe  during  the  time  which 
I  propose  making  an  excursion  to  the  lake  of 
Wallenstadt. 


285 


CHAPTER  XVIII. 

Ragatz  —  Sargans  —  Lake  of  Wallenstadt — Fall  of  the  Saren- 
bach — Innkeeper — Vale  of  Seetz — Baths  of  Pfeffers — Visit 
to  the  Spring — Road  to  the  Convent  of  Pfefters  —  Coire  — 
Voiturier  —  Via  Mala — Andeer — Valley  of  Schams — Rofla 
— Splugen — Rhinwald — Naufanen — A  Family  of  Giants. 

Ai/g list  31st.  —  I  started  early  with  the  same 
voiturier,  Jacob  Rugg,  who  had  brought  me  from 
Chiavemia.  Our  route,  the  high  road  to  the  lake 
of  Constance,  lay  through  a  fertile  valley.  After 
crossing  the  river  which  issues  from  the  vale  of 
Prettigau,  we  left  the  main  I'oad,  and  crossed  the 
Rhine  to  Ragatz :  the  valley  here  is  beautiful, 
and  the  approach  to  Ragatz  highly  picturesque ; 
on  the  left  the  convent  of  Pfeffers  is  seen  among 
some  rude  mountain  masses,  many  of  them  crowned 
wuth  ruins  of  feudal  castles  —  objects  of  as  much 
pleasure  to  the  pliilanthropist  as  the  painter. 
The  Rhine  flows  at  the  foot  of  a  vast  mountain, 
the  Falkniss,  which  it  separates  from  the  Sclioll- 
berg,  whose  grand  form  enriches  the  scene,  as  it 
rises  in  great  magnificence  above  Sargans.  The 
valley  through  which  the  Rhine  flows  is  only  sepa- 


286  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

rated  from  the  valley  of  the  Seetz,  or  of  Sargans, 
by  an  elevation  of  about  twenty  feet,  which,  acting 
as  an  embankment,  prevents  the  Rliine  from 
taking  a  shorter  cut  by  the  lake  of  Wallenstadt, 
instead  of  flowing  on  to  the  lake  of  Constance.  The 
views  westerly,  from  near  Ragatz,  are  bounded  by 
the  distant  and  lofty  mountains  which  surround 
the  lake  of  Wallenstadt.  The  whole  ride  from 
Coire  to  the  lake  is  beautiful  and  full  of  interest. 
We  arrived  early,  three  o'clock,  at  Wallenstadt, 
and  put  up  at  the  post-house,  the  Auberge  de  la 
Cerf.  I  immediately  made  arrangements  for  an 
excursion  on  the  lake,  of  which  I  had  had  some 
peeps  on  my  appi'oach  to  Wallenstadt.  A  boat 
was  soon  ready,  and  I  was  rowed  up  the  northern 
side  of  the  lake  to  the  little  commune  of  St.  Quen- 
tin,  the  only  spot  amidst  the  precipices  of  its 
northern  banks  where  there  is  space  for  a  village ; 
here  we  landed,  and  gathered  some  plums,  which 
grew  in  immense  quantities  in  the  orchards.  We 
continued  on  the  same  side  of  the  lake,  and  visited 
the  falls  which  have  given  a  certain  celebrity  to 
these  scenes.  That  of  the  Sarenbach  descends 
from  a  lu'ight  so  vast,  IGOO  feet,  that  it  is  soon 
dispersed  in  mist,  and  only  the  white  foaming  line 
at  its  summit  can  be  seen  from  the  bottom  of  the 
gorge  into  which  the  fall  descends,  and  where 
the  dispersed  waters  again  accumulate,  and  the 
re-formed  stream  rushes  past  the  observer  into  the 


LAKE  OF  WALLENSTADT.  287 

lake ;  but  even  in  the  winter  and  spring,  when 
the  quantity  of  water  is  the  greatest,  it  is  so  dis- 
proportioned  to  the  vastness  of  the  surrounding 
objects,  that  it  adds  no  more  sublimity  to  the 
scene  than  the  squirt  of  a  fire-engine  does  to  the 
effect  of  a  fire. 

All  the  guide-books  assert  that  the  rocks  which 
form  the  bases  of  the  Mont  Amnion  descend  from 
their  vast  height  perpendicularly  to  the  lake. 
This  is  not  true.  The  border  of  the  lake  where 
these  towering  masses  are  highest  is  half  a  mile, 
from  a  base  perpendicular  to  the  summit ;  and 
it  is  only  from  the  opposite  side  of  the  lake  that 
their  height  forcibly  impresses  the  spectator.  I 
confess  that  this  lake,  of  which  I  had  heard  so 
much,  disappointed  me ;  and  half  the  reports 
given  of  the  dangers  of  its  navigation  are  raised 
by  the  boatmen,  to  increase  the  value  of  their 
services.  The  winds  are  not  so  variable  on  the 
lake  as  they  are  reported  to  be  :  the  frail  barks 
used  there  would  be  dangerous  any  where ;  and 
strangers  ought  not  to  pay  for  escaping  the  risk 
which  those  whom  they  employ  might  avoid. 

After  enjoying  a  splendid  sunset  on  the  lake, 
at  ei^ht  o'clock  we  returned  to  Wallenstadt,  where 
my  supper  and  bed  were  heartily  welcomed,  though 
the  latter,  from  its  littleness,  was  uncomfortable, 
and  the  coverlids  so  small,  tliat  I  sought  to  remedy 
this  evil  by  taking  two,  one  from  off  another  bed. 


288  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

Sept.  \st. — Tliere  is  something  amusing  in  the 
republican  importance  of  the  titles  of  which  mine 
host  could  boast :  Estace  Franz  Jacob  Huber,  auber- 
giste  of  the  Cerf,  was  kreisamtmann,  post-master, 
prefet  of  all  the  valleys  of  Wallenstadt,  judge  of 
the  peace,  counsellor  of  the  state  of  St.  Gallen, 
and  president  of  tribunal  in  premiere  instance.  He 
bears  the  character  of  a  worthy  man,  and  in  this 
country  he  certainly  was  a  great  one.  I  have 
generally  observed,  that  innkeepers  are  amongst 
the  most  reputable  people  in  Switzerland,  and 
hold  the  highest  civil  appointments.  Nothing  is 
more  common  than  to  find  that  your  landlord  is 
landammann. 

The  person  w^ho  waited  upon  me  at  supper  was 
an  officer  who  had  been  in  the  service  of  Sardinia, 
but  obliged  to  fly  from  his  country  for  political 
offences.  He  appeared  to  be  a  gentlemanly,  clever 
man,  whose  hard  fate  drove  him  to  this  place  of 
refuge,  where  he  was  treated  with  the  kindness  of 
friendship  :  he  attends  the  guests  of  the  master,  to 
make  himself  useful.  He  had  hopes  of  a  recall 
from  the  new  sovereign  of  Sardinia. 

We  returned  by  the  vale  of  Seetz,  and  saw,  in 
the  direction  opposite  to  my  advance  to  \\  allen- 
stadt,  new  beauties  in  the  scenery.  The  chateau  of 
Flums  on  the  rioht,  and  the  castellated  rocks  on 
our  left — the  rich  valley  beyond,  and  the  grand 
mountains  in  the  distance,  presented  a  magnificent 


BATHS  OF  PFEFFERS.  289 

scene.  The  old  castle  of  Sargans,  under  the  Scholl- 
berg,  is  a  finely  situated  object.  We  returned  to 
Ragatz,  where  I  was  disgusted  with  the  taste  and 
devotion  with  which  a  crucifix  was  painted  green, 
with  spots  of  red  upon  it  to  represent  blood.  Ro- 
binson Crusoe's  Muscovite  idol  could  not  have  been 
more  hideous;  yet  this  was  an  object  of  worship 
in  a  Christian  country !  We  left  the  carriage  at 
Ragatz,  and  walked  to  the  baths  at  Pfefters.  The 
ascent  lay  through  a  forest  bordering  a  deep  glen: 
the  heat  was  oppressive,  and  it  was  two  hours  be- 
fore we  left  the  wood,  and  entered  some  fields  which 
we  crossed.  After  passing  a  torrent,  we  rested  in 
a  small  chapel,  whence  we  saw  the  convent  of 
Pfeffers  :  the  high  grounds  around  it  prevented 
our  looking  into  the  valley  of  Ragatz ;  but  the 
Falkniss,  which  bounded  the  valley  on  the  other 
side  of  the  Rhine,  presented  a  background  rich 
in  tint,  and  very  grand  in  form. 

Soon  after,  we  advanced  towards  a  hollow, 
in  which  it  would  have  been  impossible  to  have 
guessed  that  there  existed  a  deep  and  savage  gorge, 
the  channel  of  the  Taniina ;  into  it,  however,  we 
rapidly  descended  by  a  zig-zag  path,  and  saw  on 
the  opposite  side  the  face  of  a  perpendicular  rock, 
below  which,  at  a  depth  of  above  600  feet,  we 
observed  the  top  of  a  roof,  which  covered  the  con- 
ventual baths  of  Pfeffers ;  a  steep  path  led  us  down 
to  them.    Before  reaching  the  baths,  we  met  many 

o 


290  EXCURSIO^'s  in  the  alps. 

invalids,  resting  on  seats  conveniently  placed  on  the 
side  of  this  extraordinary  ravine.  We  at  length 
arrived  at  the  building,  and  entered  what,  from  its 
form,  would  seem  to  be  the  corridor  of  a  convent, 
but  which,  in  its  adaptation,  was  rather  a  bazaar. 
Linens,  silks,  caps,  hats,  pipes,  cutlery,  boxes, 
ribands,  toys,  Sec,  were  arranged  on  stalls,  and  a 
sort  of  "  What  d'ye  buy  ?"  invitation  was  made 
by  every  master  or  mistress  of  a  stall.  As  I  learnt 
that  the  table-d'hote  w^as  [to  be  ready  at  twelve 
o'clock,  I  took  my  place  there:  it  was  well-occupied 
and  well-supplied.  In  this  monkish  establishment 
women  alone  served.  The  abbot  presided,  and  eight 
or  ten  brethren  from  the  convent  attended.  A  few 
ladies  were  present;  and  among  the  invalids  was  a 
Prussian  minister.  My  left-hand  neighbour  took 
a  lesson  in  English,  and  the  whole  thing  passed 
off  pleasantly. 

After  dinner,  I  went  to  visit  the  hot  spring  at 
its  source.  A  young  German  offered  to  accompany 
me  with  the  guide,  who  questioned  my  ability  to 
bear  with  a  steady  head  a  dangerous  passage ;  I 
assured  him  of  my  self-confidence,  and  we  pro- 
ceeded. Having  descended,  and  passed  through 
the  pump-room,  we  went  out  on  a  wooden  bridge, 
which  crossed  the  Tamina  foaming  beneath  our 
feet,  whilst  above  us,  at  a  height  of  625  feet,  a 
shed  was  projected  over  the  face  of  the  rock, 
whence  provisions,  kc.  were  lowered  to  the  baths, 


VISIT  TO  THE  SPRING.  291 

the  rock  being  so  perpendicular  that  every  thing- 
was  conveyed  without  touching  until  it  reached 
the  convent  below.     After  crossing  the  bridge,  we 
entered  the  dark  rift  of  the  rock,  walking  usually 
on  two  planks,  but  in  some  places  on  one  only, 
fixed  on  cramps  driven  into  the  side  of  the  rock — 
no  rail,  no  protection  but  in  sure  feet  and  a  steady 
head  :  here  and  there  it  was  necessary  to  stoop  to 
avoid  the  rock,  which  leaned  acutely  towards  that 
on  the  other  side  of  the  torrent,  and  at  one  place 
the  sides  met  at  the  height  of  200  feet  above  our 
heads,  whilst  the  river  rushed  foaming  nearly  100 
feet  below  us,  ready  to  finish,  to  a  certainty,  the  ac- 
cident of  a  slip.     We  thus  proceeded  between  600 
and  700  feet  into  the  gorge,  which  became  darker 
as  we  advanced,  until  the  rocks  above  us  excluded 
the  day.     For  a  considerable  part  of  the  way,  our 
only  light  was  that  which  occasional  breaks  in  the 
roof  of  this  enormous  vault  afforded,  and  through 
which  we  saw  forest  trees  of  great  magnitude  grow- 
ing above  us,  parts  of  their  large  roots  hanging 
through  the  openings.     My  guide  and  our  young 
German  companion,  as  I  saw  them  moving  alono- 
the  planks  at  a  little  distance,  and  in  this  "  dark- 
ness visible,"  presented  a  wild  and  mysterious  ap- 
pearance, that  was  perfectly  awful  in  our  extraor- 
dinary situation.    Near  the  warm  spring  the  cavern 
became  lighter  ;  those  who  visit  it  usually  climb 
up  to  the  source  over  a  rock  of  loose  slate.     In 


292  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

this  there  is  no  clanger.  The  temperature  of  the 
water  is  here  100°  of  Fahrenheit.  It  is  stated 
by  some  travellers,  that  the  planks  are  often 
dangerous  from  being  slippery,  I  certainly  did 
not  find  it  so,  as  my  boots  rather  adhered  to 
the  damp  wood.  Fatal  accidents  have  sometimes 
happened,  when  the  advice  of  the  guide  has  been 
disregarded.  A  few  years  since,  three  Germans 
kept  so  close  together,  that  their  weight  was 
thrown  at  the  same  time  upon  one  plank,  which 
broke,  and  they  were  precipitated  into  the  dread- 
ful torrent  of  the  Tamina  beneath  them.  Their 
bodies  were  not  found  till  long  after,  and  one  of 
these  in  the  bed  of  the  Rhine  under  the  Falkniss. 

The  trunk  or  wooden  channel  which  conveys 
the  water  to  the  baths  is  cramped  firmly  to  the 
wall  a  little  above  the  path  of  planks.  On  getting 
out  of  the  cavern,  I  felt  grateful  for  my  safety,  and 
gratified  by  the  accomplishment  of  this  interesting 
visit  to  the  springs.  It  is  one  of  the  very  few  spots 
that  I  have  seen  where  no  disappointment  can 
arise  from  previous  description. 

There  are  now  accommodations  for  300  persons 
at  these  baths :  they  belong  to  a  rich  convent  of 
Benedictine  monks,  who  pi'opose  still  to  enlarge 
the  establishment.     Their  convent  is  at  PfefFers. 

To  vary  our  route  back  to  the  valley  of  the 
Rhine,  when  we  left  the  baths,  we  ascended  a  dif- 
ferent road,  and  crossed  by  a  steep  and  wild  path 


CONVENT  OF  PFEFFERS.  293 

over  the  very  rocks  which,  when  we  were  in  the 
caverns,  were  over  our  heads ;  and  we  now  found 
that  the  roof  of  our  late  ceiling  was  the  bottom  of 
a  deep  and  savage  ravine,  well  wooded  with  forest 
trees  of  great  girth.  We  continued  to  ascend,  or 
rather  climb,  by  some  hundreds  of  steps  rudely 
constructed ;  these  at  last  brought  us  to  the  top  of 
the  cliff,  over  which  the  shed  was  projected  that 
served  to  lower  necessaries  to  the  baths;  hence  it 
was  near  two  miles  to  the  village  and  convent  of 
PfefFers.  A  road  on  the  right  of  the  convent  led 
to  Ragatz.  My  conductor  hastened  on  to  bring  the 
carriage,  whilst  I  enjoyed  the  scene,  and  sketched 
the  beautiful  valley  from  the  woods  through  which 
I  descended  to  the  road  ;  the  carriage  soon  arrived, 
and  we  returned  to  Coire.  On  our  way,  I  stopped 
to  obtain  some  refreshment  at  Trimmis,  where  the 
landlord  addressed  me  in  very  good  English,  which 
he  had  acquired  during  a  residence  as  a  noble- 
man's servant  in  England. 

Id.  —  My  voiturier,  Jacob  Rugg,  turned  out 
no  better  than  a  rascal.  He  had  agreed  to  take 
me  from  Chiavenna  for  twelve  francs  a-day,  to  go 
where  I  pleased,  and  keep  him  as  long  as  I  liked. 
When  we  returned  yesterday  from  Wallenstadt, 
to  keep  accounts  short,  I  paid  him  for  four  days' 
service,  and  gave  him  six  franks  extra ;  he  ex- 
pressed himself  obliged.  I  told  him  to  be  with 
me  at  six  this  morning  to  go  to  Bellinzoua,  by  the 


294  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

St.  Bernardin ;  he  came  without  his  voiture,  to  de- 
mand that  I  shoukl  pay  him  back  again  to  Coire. 
I  thought  if  I  paid  him  back  for  any  distance 
greater  than  two  days,  I  should  be  placing  liim  in 
a  more  favourable  situation  than  I  had  found  him  ; 
and  this,  at  least,  he  was  not  entitled  to.  After 
some  manoeuvring  to  take  advantage  of  my  not 
being  able  readily  to  procure  other  means  of  return- 
ing to  Splugen,  and  finding  me  resolved  to  walk 
rather  than  submit  to  imposition,  he  came  back  to 
offer  better  terms.  I  succeeded,  however,  in  getting 
a  char  to  take  me  to  Andeer  for  fourteen  francs. 
Jacob,  finding  himself  a  loser  by  his  tricks,  offered 
to  go  for  his  old  terms,  then  for  half,  rather  than 
I  should  take  the  conveyance  of  a  rival ;  but  I  had 
the  pleasure  of  leaving  him  at  the  inn-door,  an 
object  of  derision  to  his  townsmen. 

My  new  conductor  drove  with  great  spirit :  we 
rested  a  short  time  at  Reichenau.  The  weather 
was  splendid,  and  the  beautiful  vale  of  Domleschg, 
with  a  clear  and  bright  view  of  the  mountains 
which  surround  it,  speckled  with  the  ruins  of  old 
castles,  richly  deserved  a  revisit.  In  returning 
through  the  Via  Mala,  the  burnt  trunks  of  the 
pines  marked  the  spot  where  the  fire  had  taken 
place  during  the  formation  of  the  road,  and  the 
heat  of  which  had,  for  a  time,  rendered  it  impass- 
able. The  impossibility  of  turning  round  to  observe 
every  point  left  in  the  scenes  through  which  the  tra- 


VIA  MALA.  295 

veller  passes,  especially  in  such  a  defile  as  that  of 
the  Via  Mala,  renders  them,  when  the  journey  is 
made  in  a  contrary  direction,  new  and  striking. 
I  repassed  this  extraordinary  road  with  as  much 
pleasure  and  surprise  as  I  felt  in  my  first  visit. 

The  Via  Mala  is  a  road  made  on  the  sides  of  a 
deej)  ravine,  formed  by  the  bases  of  two  moun- 
tains, which  spring  6000,  and  even  8000  feet,  from 
the  torrent  of  the  Hinter-Rhin,  which  divides  them. 
Its  entire  length  is  about  four  miles  from  the  Ver- 
lohren  loch  to  the  valley  of  Schams. 

It  would  appear  that  the  name  of  the  Verlohren 
loch  was  formerly  applied  to  the  whole  length  of 
the  ravine  ;  but  after  the  first  construction  of  the 
road,  which  took  place  in  1470,  that  portion 
through  which  it  passed  l^ore  the  appropriate  name 
of  the  Via  Mala,  and  the  impassable  part  only 
retained  the  name  which  it  still  bears.  At  a  re- 
mote period,  the  communication  between  Tusis 
and  Splugen  lay  over  the  mountain  of  the  Piz 
Beveren,  on  the  left  bank  of  the  Rhine,  and 
descended  upon  Suvers  in  the  Rhinwald — thus 
avoiding,  by  a  considerable  detour,  the  Via  Mala  ; 
but  in  1470,  some  improvements  were  made,  by 
descending  into  the  upper  part  of  the  Via  Mala  at 
Rongella  ;  and  this  road  was  further  improved  in 
1738,  by  changing  part  of  its  course  to  the  other 
side  of  the  ravine,  and  constructing  two  bridges, 
which  were  boldly  thrown  across  this  frightful  gulf. 


296  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

When  the  establishment  of  a  carriage-road  by 
the  St.  Bernardin  was  decided  upon  by  the  state  of 
the  Grisons,  Pocobelli,  the  engineer,  particuUirly  di- 
rected his  attention  to  the  entrance  of  the  Via  Mala, 
at  the  Verlohren  loch  on  the  side  of  Tusis,  and  de- 
termined to  carry  the  road  through  the  obstacles 
that  opposed  him  there,  as  he  considered  that  it 
would  shorten  the  route,  as  well  as  be  less  expen- 
sive, than  to  repair  and  improve  the  road  by  Ron- 
gella.  The  success  of  his  enterprise  was  complete  : 
a  well-made  carriage  -  road  is  now  extended  across 
the  river  Nolla,  near  its  confluence  with  the  Hinter- 
Rhiu,  by  a  new  bridge  ;  thence  it  is  carried  round 
the  eastern  side  of  the  ravine  to  where  a  projecting 
and  perpendicular  rock  overhangs  the  torrent  ; 
thi-ough  this  he  has  cut  a  gallery  216  feet  long, 
14  feet  high,  and  18  feet  wide.  The  scene  imme- 
diately around  this  spot  is  very  grand :  the  rocks 
towering  above  the  road,  and  sinking  far  into  the 
abyss  below,  appal  the  observer.  The  width  of  the 
gulf  no  where  appears  to  exceed  150  feet.  Vast 
pines  jut  out  of  the  rock  into  this  gorge,  and  flourish 
where  it  is  difficult  to  conceive  that  the  roots  can 
either  attach  themselves  or  derive  nourishment. 

The  old  castle  of  Rhaalta*  is  said  to  have  de- 
rived its  name  from  Rhaetius,  a  Tuscan  chief,  who 
was  driven  from  Italy  by  the  Gauls  587  years  before 
the  Christian  era,  six  centuries  before  the  conquest 

*  See  page  282. 


VALLEY  OF  SCHAMS.  297 

of  this  country  by  the  Romans.  In  the  fifth  cen- 
tury it  fell  into  the  hands  of  the  Allemanni,  and 
then,  successively,  to  the  Goths  and  the  Franks. 
Close  to  tlie  ruins  of  the  castle  are  those  also  of  a 
church  dedicated  to  St.  John,  which  was  built  when 
Christianity  was  first  introduced  into  the  Grisons. 
The  view  from  the  summit  of  the  rock,  over  the 
vale  of  Domleschg,  is  said  to  be  very  fine. 

In  many  parts  of  the  Via  Mala,  where  the 
road  is  300  or  400  feet  above  the  torrent,  the  sides 
of  the  ravine  are  not  fifty  feet  apart.  Such  spots 
have  been  chosen  for  the  construction  of  the  bridges 
by  which  the  gorge  is  traversed,  the  road  having 
been  carried  on  one  side  or  the  other,  as  it  was  found 
practicable  and  convenient;  but  it  requires  a  steady 
head  to  look  down  from  the  parapets  of  the  bridges 
into  the  gulf  below.  The  southern  escape  from 
these  extraordinary  scenes  is  into  the  tranquil  little 
valley  of  Schams,  which,  by  contrast  with  the  hor- 
rors of  the  Via  Mala,  seems  to  be  beautiful.  About 
a  league  from  the  Via  Mala,  near  the  baths  of  Pig- 
nou,  a  bridge  crosses  the  torrent :  an  inscription 
upon  it  records  the  completion  of  the  new  route : 

JAM  VIA  PATET 
HOSTIBUS  ET  AMICIS 

CAVKTE  KHAETI  ! 
SIMl'LICITAS  MORUM 

ET  UNIO 

SERVABUNT  AVITAM 

LIBERTATEM. 

02 


298  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

Beneath  the  inscription  is  the  synihol  of  Wil- 
liam Tell — an  apple  pierced  by  an  arrow. 

Near  the  upper  extremity  of  the  little  valley 
of  Schams,  I  reached  Andeer,  and  was  welcomed 
at  the  Golden  Crown  by  the  young  postmaster, 
Jacques  Faar,  with  whom  I  had  been  much  pleased 
on  my  way  to  Coire. 

After  partaking  of  his  good  cheer,  and  hav- 
ing agreed  with  mine  host  for  a  char  and  his  ser- 
vices to  take  me  to  Bellinzona,  by  the  St.  Ber- 
nardin,  for  fifty  francs,  we  parted  from  Andeer, 
and  soon  after  from  the  valley  of  Schams.  Leav- 
ing the  old  castle  of  B'arenbui'g  on  the  right,  we 
ascended  by  a  zig-zag  route  to  the  gorge  of  Rofla, 
through  which  the  Rhine  thunders  amidst  the 
rocks  which  check  its  descent.  The  road  crosses 
the  end  of  the  Val  Ferrara  by  a  bridge,  over  a  mag- 
nificent cataract  of  the  Aversa,  at  the  confluence 
of  this  river  with  the  Hinter-Rhin.  Throughout 
its  course  in  the  defile  of  Rofla,  the  Rhine  forms 
a  succession  of  falls  amidst  scenes  of  the  wildest 
and  most  savage  character.  The  height  of  the 
principal  fall  is  not  considerable ;  but  the  volume 
of  water  rushing  out  from  among  scathed  rocks 
of  gneiss  and  porphyry,  and  a  ravine  darkened 
by  the  roots  and  trunks  of  vast  pines,  offers  a 
scene  of  impressive  grandeur.  In  the  gorge  there 
are  several  saw-mills,  where  the  trees  that  are 
felled  in  the  forests  which  clothe  the  mountains 


1 


RHINWALD.  299 

above,  are  cut  into  planks.  These  trees  are  brought 
down  by  the  slide,  mentioned  in  my  journey  to 
Coire.*  This  gorge  is  left  by  a  gallery  of  about 
twenty  paces  in  length,  which  opens  into  the  Rhin- 
wald.  The  village  of  Suvers,  which  lies  in  the  old 
route,  is  seen  across  the  valley  on  the  right.  Soon 
after,  the  road  traverses  the  river,  and  continues 
on  the  left  bank  of  the  Hinter-Rhin.  We  only 
rested  at  the  village  of  Splugen  whilst  I  sketched 
the  covered  bridge  over  the  river  which  leads  to 
the  pass  of  the  Splugen. 

We  now  continued  to  ascend  the  left  bank  of 
the  Rhine,  and  our  route  as  far  as  Naufanen,  where 
we  rested,  had  little  variety  :  the  ascent  was  very 
gradual ;  the  valley,  for  its  elevation,  broad  : 
barley  was  much  cultivated.  There  was  a  quiet 
character  in  the  scenes  of  the  upper  valley  not 
varied  enough  for  beauty,  nor  savage  enough  for 
the  sublime. 

The  care  with  which  the  forests  of  the  Rhin- 
wald,  above  Splugen,  are  preserved,  is  strongly 
contrasted  with  their  destruction  around  the  val- 
ley of  Schams.  In  many  parts  of  the  Grisons  they 
consider,  that  with  the  removal  of  the  forests  the 
winters  have  become  more  severe,  and  vegetation 
is  checked  where  it  used  to  flourish. 

We  rested   at  the  little  village  of  Naufanen. 

*  See  page  280. 


300  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

My  guide,  the  postmaster,  hinted,  before  our 
arrival,  that  he  was  in  love  with  one  of  the 
daughters  of  the  house  where  he  intended  to  take 
me  to  rest  for  the  night.  The  alacrity  with  which 
he  left  his  home  to  accompany  me  was  now  ac- 
counted for.  He  had  looked  hiyJi  in  his  love  ;  for 
the  lady  he  introduced  me  to  was  a  young  giantess, 
whilst  he  was  below  the  averao-e  magnitude  of 
man  :  she  was  the  first  of  the  family  who  came 
out  to  welcome  him,  knowing,  probably,  the  cha- 
riot-wheels of  her  lover.  I  was  never  more  sur- 
prised than  at  the  appearance  of  mine  host  and 
his  children,  by  whom,  as  a  stranger,  I  was 
cordially  received.  The  father,  a  very  fine  man, 
about  fifty,  a  most  respectable  farmer,  and  land- 
ammaiin  of  the  district,  was  nearly  seven  feet  high, 
his  wife  was  above  six  feet,  and  of  seven  or  eight 
children,  sons  and  daughters — the  former  were  all 
above  six  feet  six,  and  the  girls  above  six  feet. 
I  never  saw  such  a  family.  As  the  father  was 
considered  one  of  the  most  wealthy  and  influen- 
tial men  in  the  Rhinwald,  the  young  postmaster 
has  hitherto  not  ventured  to  tell  his  tale  to  the 
landammann,  fearing  that  **  the  stream  of  true 
love  never  will  run  smooth;"  but  he  said  he  was 
determined  to  break  his  mind  to  him  on  his  re- 
turn from  Bellinzona. 

After   being   exceedingly   well    entertained,    I 
retired  ;   and,  from  the  window  of  my  chamber, 


MOONLIGHT  ON  THE  GLACIERS.  301 

looked  down  the  valley  towards  the  glaciers  which 
cover  the  mountains  east  of  the  Splugen;  nothing 
could  be  more  beautiful  and  tranquil  than  the 
scene.  The  bright  full  moon  beamed  her  pale 
light  over  the  mountains,  giving  to  the  glaciers 
a  delicate  brilliancy,  and  to  the  mist  in  the  valley 
a  gray  and  softened  tone,  as  it  subsided  into  depth 
and  darkness. 


302  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


CHAPTER  XIX. 

Hinter-Rhin — Ascent  to  the  Pass  of  the  St.  Bernardin  —  Sum- 
mit—  Policy  of  the  Grisons  —  Expense  and  Advantages  of 
the  New  Road  —  Opposition  of  the  Austrian  Government — 
Village  and  Baths  of  St.  Bernardin  —  Falls  of  the  Moesa  — 
Misocco  —  Castle  of  Misocco  —  Fall  of  Buffalora  —  Val 
Misocco — Val  Levantine  —  Bellinzona. 

Sept.  3d.  —  My  guide,  the  postmaster,  was  up 
before  any  one  was  stirring  except  his  lady-love. 
After  a  hasty  cup  of  coffee,  an  early  departure 
took  us,  in  the  fresh  of  the  morning,  up  the  valley 
to  the  village  of  Hinter-Rhiii.  Near  to  it  we 
crossed  the  river,  and  ascended  by  the  new  road 
of  the  Grisons  which  leads  to  Bellinzona  by  the 
St.  Bernardin.  Before  ascending  the  tourniquets 
of  the  road,  we  looked  up  the  valley  and  saw  the 
glaciers  which  are  the  southern  source  of  the 
Rhine,  and  the  ravines  through  which  its  course 
lies  before  it  I'eaches  the  little  spread-out  and 
sterile  valley  below  Hinter-Rhin. 

The  turns  of  the  new  road  winding  up  the  col 
of  the  St.  Bernardin,  on  the  ridge  which  divides 
the  Moschel  from  the  Schwarzhorn,  were  rather 
abrupt  and  numerous  before  the  summit  was  at- 


COL  OF  THE  ST.  BERNARDIN.  303 

tained,  and  not  free  from  the  danger  of  avalanches ; 
for,  in  the  month  of  JMarch  in  last  year,  the  dili- 
gence from  Coire  to  Bellinzona  was  nearly  de- 
stroyed by  one.  The  passengers  were  walking 
when  the  alarm  was  given,  and  two  were  swept 
off  in  its  course  ;  one  of  them  was  the  landammaun 
of  Roveredo,  in  the  Val  Misocco. 

The  road  ascends  between  lofty  mountains  to 
a  plain  on  the  summit,  where  there  is  a  lake, 
the  source  of  the  Mo'esa.  An  inn,  established  there 
as  a  house  of  refuge,  is  near  its  borders.  The 
scene  around  is  wretchedly  dreary.  Tiie  elevation 
of  the  col  above  the  valley  of  the  Hinter-Rhin  is 
nearly  2000  English  feet,  and  above  the  level  of 
the  sea  about  7100.  The  sound  judgment  and 
liberal  policy  which  enabled  the  government  of 
the  canton  of  the  Grisons  to  foresee  the  utility  and 
incur  the  expense  of  undertaking  the  construc- 
tion of  this  new  road  over  the  St.  Bernardin, 
cannot  be  too  highly  praised :  commercial  and 
social  advantages  were  the  only  considerations. 
Their  country  was  to  be  benefitted;  and,  instead 
of  the  miserable  policy  pursued  by  Sardinia,  under 
the  cunning  suggestions  of  Austria,  not  to  allow 
good  roads  to  be  constructed  lest  they  should  faci- 
litate invasion,  the  people  of  the  Grisons  wisely 
looked  at  the  immediate  benefit  to  the  commu- 
nity rather  than  to  the  remote  evil  of  military  in- 
road, which  always  has  its  remedy  in  the  facility 


304  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

with  which  such  roads  may  he  destroyed  and  ren- 
dered iinpassahle  :  the  lahour  of  a  kw  days  will 
destroy  what  it  required  years  to  construct. 

Before  the  completion  of  the  Simplon  and  the 
Cenis,  the  only  roads  practicable  across  the  Alps 
for  carriages  were  those  of  the  Brenner  and  the 
Tende — passes  which  are  situated  almost  at  the 
extremities  of  the  great  chain,  and  formed  merely 
to  open  a  more  free  communication  between  states 
and  provinces  subject  to  the  same  government. 
Now,  however,  national  jealousies  have  been  re- 
moved, and  a  more  enlightened  policy  has  ex- 
tended commercial  intercourse,  mule-paths  have 
been  superseded  by  carriage-roads  ;  and,  where  it 
has  not  been  inconsistent  with  their  political  views, 
even  the  governments  of  Austria,  Sardinia,  and 
Switzerland,  have  not  only  carefully  preserved  the 
routes  in  the  great  lines  of  communication  which 
were  made  by  Napoleon,  for  military  or  commer- 
cial purposes,  but  they  have  made  other  roads  on 
the  frontiers  across  the  Alps.  In  liberal  policy  no 
state  has  displayed  more  energy  than  that  of  the 
Grisons.  The  completion  of  the  route  of  the  St. 
Bernardin,  and  the  improvements  contemplated 
on  the  Julier,  are  honourable  evidence  of  its  enter- 
prise and  perseverance,  in  defiance  of  the  intrigues 
and  interruptions  of  the  Austrian  government 

The  authorities  of  the  canton  of  the  Grisons, 
in   the  year  1816,  turned   their  attention   to  the 


NEW  ROAD  OVER  THE  ST.  BERNARDIN.    305 

formation  of  a  road,  practicable  for  carriages, 
across  the  mountain  of  the  St.  Bernardin.  It  held 
out  the  prospect  of  enriching  their  state  by  the 
transit  of  merchandise  from  the  Mediterranean ; 
to  Switzerland,  to  Germany,  and,  by  the  Rhine, 
to  Holland  ;  and  as  their  canton  extended  to  both 
sides  of  the  Alps,  from  the  Rhinwald  to  the  valley 
of  Misocco,  they  possessed  great  facilities  for  its  ac- 
complishment. The  money,  however,  required  for 
this  undertaking  greatly  exceeded  the  means  of  the 
cauton;  a  company,  therefore,  was  formed  for  rais- 
ing it  by  shares,  and  contributions  were  also  received 
towards  the  attainment  of  this  object.  The  people 
of  the  canton  who  lived  on  the  line  of  the  pro- 
jected road,  advanced  60,000  Swiss  francs  ;  and 
the  King  of  Sardinia,  in  whom  the  project  found 
a  ready  advocate,  by  a  convention  made  in  1813 
with  the  o-overnment  of  the  Grisons,  contributed 
280,000  francs,  which  was  afterwards  extended  to 
305,000  ;  and  further  agreed  to  allow  the  annual 
transit,  fi-ee  of  duty,  of  30,000  quintals  of  grain 
and  rice  from  Sardinia  into  the  Grisons ;  he  also 
tendered  his  good  offices  and  interference,  wher- 
ever they  could  be  employed,  in  aid  of  the  enter- 
prise. The  government  of  Sardinia  here  appre- 
ciated the  advantage  which  it  would  gain  by  the 
projected  route,  as  the  new  roads  through  Piemont 
from  Genoa,  to  Arona  on  the  Lago  Maggiore,  and 
thence  by  the  lake  to   Locarno,   opened   a  new 


306  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

source  of  commercial  enterprise  to  the  subjects  of 
Sardinia. 

Tlie  formation  of  the  new  route  over  the  St. 
Bernard  in  was  begun  in  the  year  1818,  and  the 
execution  of  the  works  was  confided  to  iNI.  Poco- 
belli,  known  as  the  engineer  of  the  route  from 
Bellinzona  to  Lugano,  by  the  Monte  Cenere. 

In  the  year  1824,  the  route  was  completed 
through  an  extent  of  twenty-four  leagues.  From 
Coire  to  the  summit  of  the  St.  Bernardin,  distant 
fifteen  leagues,  the  road  rises  5113  English  feetj 
and  from  the  summit  to  Bellinzona,  distant  eleven 
leagues  and  a  half,  the  descent  is  6289  feet.  The 
expense  of  constructing  the  road,  including  the 
compensation  to  proprietors  on  its  line,  did  not 
amount  to  80,000/.  sterling.  Wood,  and  common 
lands,  were  granted  by  the  government. 

Formerly  the  bailliage  of  Chiavenna  was  an- 
nexed to  the  Grisons,  and  free  intercourse  existed 
between  this  canton  and  the  Lake  of  Como,  by 
the  Splugen.  The  transit  of  merchandise  was 
lightly  taxed,  merely  to  keep  the  road  in  repair, 
and  the  Grisons  did  not  feel  the  necessity  of 
making  the  route  of  the  St.  Bernardin  more  prac- 
ticable than  that  of  the  Splugen,  Avhich  was  open 
to  them  for  beasts  of  burden  :  but  when,  after  the 
expulsion  of  Napoleon,  the  Italian  bailliages  were 
annexed  to  Lombardy,  and  the  power  of  the  Aus- 
trian government  extended  to  the  summit  of  the 


AUSTRIAN  JEALOUSY.  307 

Splugen,  then  the  establishment  of  the  new  road  be- 
came of  the  highest  importance  to  the  people  of  the 
Grisons;  for  their  commerce  was  restrained  by  tolls 
and  duties,  exacted  on  the  route  of  the  Splugen. 

The  new  line  of  road  promised  important  ad- 
vantages also  to  the  people  of  the  canton  of  the 
Tessin ;  and  upon  the  proposition  of  the  Grisons 
to  construct  the  route  over  the  St.  Bernardin,  the 
government  of  the  former  canton  promised  a  sub- 
sidy. In  the  course  of  their  negotiations  in  1817, 
they  agreed  to  advance  200,000  francs  in  aid  of 
the  undertaking,  and  to  complete  the  little  space 
of  road  from  St.  Vittore,  the  frontier  village  of 
the  Grisons,  in  the  Val  Misocco,  to  Belliiizona. 
Whilst  the  parties  waited  for  the  ratification  of 
this  agreement  by  the  grand  council  of  the  Tessin, 
the  Austrian  government  sent  emissaries  into  the 
canton,  who  resorted  to  every  means  in  their  power 
to  stop  the  progress  of  the  new  road  of  the  St.  Ber- 
nardin, and  to  restrain  the  assistance  which  the 
people  of  the  Tessin  w' ere  disposed  to  give  to  that 
object.  Threats  and  bribery  were  successful ;  the 
ratification  was  refused  by  the  sovereign  council  of 
the  Tessin,  and  this  government,  without  scruple, 
sacrificed  the  commercial  interests  of  its  people,  by 
opposing  the  measure,  and  favouring  the  transit  of 
merchandise  by  the  Splugen.  It  not  only  ceased 
to  encourage  the  passage  by  the  St.  Bernardin,  but 
it  inflicted  military  punishment  upon  some  of  its 


308  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

subjects,  inhabitants  of  the  village  of  Lumino,  for 
having  assisted  its  accomplishment  by  labouring 
to  make  that  part  of  the  route  which  lay  through 
their  territory  passable  for  carriages.  Efforts  were 
also  made  by  the  Austrian  authorities  to  influence, 
in  the  same  way  as  they  had  in  the  Tessin,  the 
patriotic  members  of  the  Grisons  government,  but 
without  effect ;  they  resisted  with  as  much  dignity 
as  resolution,  and  in  turn  threatened  to  destroy 
the  route  of  the  Splugen  on  their  side  of  the  moun- 
tain, if  the  completion  of  the  road  of  the  St.  Ber- 
nardin,  between  St.  Vittore  and  Bellinzona,  were 
any  longer  delayed  through  the  intrigues  of  the 
Austrian  emissaries.  This  bold  and  independent 
spirit,  aided  by  the  mediation  of  the  King  of  Sar- 
dinia, at  length  succeeded,  and  the  entire  route 
of  the  St.  Bernardin  has  now  been  accomplished. 

The  Austro-Lombard  government  foresaw  that 
the  establishment  of  the  new  road  of  the  St.  Ber- 
nardin would  affect  the  commerce  of  the  Splugen  ; 
and  as  early  as  that  was  begun,  commenced  a  new 
road  over  the  Splugen,  to  render  this  mountain  also 
practicable  for  carriages;  but  neither  the  new  road 
of  the  Splugen,  nor  the  intrigues  of  the  emissaries, 
could  deter  the  Grisons  from  proceeding  with  that 
of  the  St.  Bernardin.  The  Austrians  constructed  an 
admirable  road  on  their  side  of  the  Splugen  to  the 
summit,  under  the  direction  of  the  able  engineer 
Donnegana ;  and  they  expected  that  the  Grisons, 


VILLAGE  OF  ST.  BERNARDIN.  309 

availing  themselves  of  the  accomplishment  of  the 
Austrian  road  to  their  frontier,  would  at  least  com- 
plete it  to  the  village  of  Splugen,  where  it  unites 
with  the  new  route  of  the  St.  Bernardin  ;  but,  ad- 
vantageous as  it  would  be  to  the  Grisons  to  have 
also  a  carriage-road  communicating  with  Lom- 
bardy,  they  wei'e  too  much  exhausted  by  the  ex- 
penses of  the  St.  Bernardin  to  undertake  it.  After 
some  negotiation,  the  Grisons  gave  permission  to 
the  Austrians  to  complete  it  themselves ;  and  the 
people  of  this  canton  now  enjoy  the  advantages  of 
two  great  roads  across  the  Alps  leading  to  their 
canton.  By  the  St.  Bernardin,  travellers  may  post 
in  a  day's  journey  from  Coire  to  Bellinzona;  and 
merchandise  may  be  transported  in  four  or  five 
days,  which  formerly  required  eleven  or  twelve. 

From  the  lake  on  the  summit,  the  source  of 
the  Moesa,  the  road  winds  down  the  Italian  side, 
near  the  course  of  the  river,  which  It  crosses  at  the 
bridge  of  Victor-Emanuel ;  a  name  given,  in  com- 
pliment to  the  king  of  Sardinia,  to  a  fine  arch  which 
spans  the  torrent  120  feet  above  its  bed.  The 
road  continues  to  descend,  by  a  succession  of  zig- 
zags, to  the  village  of  St.  Bernardin,  the  highest 
on  the  Italian  side,  and  situated  upwards  of  6000 
feet  above  the  level  of  the  sea,  amidst  a  dreary 
scene.  There  are  mineral  baths  at  St.  Bernardin, 
which  are  frequented  in  summer.  Two  tolerable 
inns  accommodate  the  visitors,  who  are  usually 


310  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

people  from  Italy  and  the  Grisons :  nearly  fifty 
persons,  have  rested  and  spent  some  part  of  this 
season  there.  A  continuation  of  tourniquets,  or 
zig-zag  courses  of  the  road,  wind  rapidly  doMn  to 
the  village  of  St.  Giacomo,  and  thence  to  Misocco. 
the  chief  place  of  the  valley. 

Below  St.  Bernardin  the  pines  reappear,  and 
soon  after  the  fine  forms  and  rich  folia":e  of  the 
chestnut-trees.  There  are  many  fine  falls  of  the 
Mo'csa  in  the  descent  to  Misocco,  especially  one 
on  the  left  near  St.  Giacomo.  To  view  it  well,  I 
left  the  road,  and  went  a  little  way  into  a  forest, 
to  a  spot  whence  I  saw  the  whole  river  tumbling 
down  amidst  the  rocks  in  broken  and  abrupt 
masses,  and  throwing  up  the  spray,  on  which  an 
iris  sported  in-  the  rays  of  the  sun. 

At  Misocco  we  rested  to  refresh  the  horse  and 
ourselves,  at  a  good  inn,  where  a  travellers'  book 
is  kept,  and  where  the  innkeeper  was  as  inquisitive 
and  loquacious  as  his  prototypes  are  said  to  be  in 
America.  Immediately  below  Misocco  the  beau- 
ties of  the  valley  rapidly  increase,  and  one  scene 
in  particular  is  unrivalled  even  in  the  Grisons.  It 
is  just  below  Misocco,  where  the  ruins  of  its  old 
castle  crown  a  vast  rock  or  hill  that  juts  into  the 
valley  ;  and  whilst  it  divides  the  upper  from  the 
lower  Val  Misocco,  commands  the  communication 
between  them,  overhanging  the  torrent  on  one 
side,  and  the  zig-zag  road  on  the  other. 


CASTLE  OF  MISOCCO.  311 

In  looking  towards  the  lower  valley,  on  ap- 
proaching the  castle,  the  range  of  mountains  is 
seen  on  the  right  which  separates  the  valleys  of 
Misocco  and  Calanka  ;  and  on  the  left  are  the 
precijiitous  hases  of  the  INIonte  Roggioni  and  the 
Monte  Luadre.  Down  the  side  of  the  latter, 
amidst  rocks  and  woods,  several  cataracts  descend 
into  the  Moesa,  which  deeply  rolls  thi-ough  a 
defile  on  the  left  of  the  castle.  Below  the  ruins 
are  seen  the  church  of  Soazza  and  the  lower  valley 
of  Misocco. 

The  early  history  of  the  castle  of  Misocco  is 
obscure,  but  conjecture  has  attributed  its  erection 
to  the  Goths,  who  availed  themselves  of  its  com- 
manding situation  to  guard  the  pass  of  the  St. 
Bernard  in  against  the  irruptions  of  the  Franks 
into  Rhsetia.  It  v.as  possessed  by  the  Barons  de 
Sax  from  933  to  1482,  when  it  was  sold,  with 
the  valley  of  Misocco,  to  the  celebrated  and  noble 
^Milanese,  Trivulzio,  under  whom  the  people  of 
the  valley  became  free  citizens  of  the  Grisons. 
He  greatly  distinguished  himself  in  the  wars  of 
Italy  in  the  fifteenth  and  sixteenth  centuries. 

The  change  is  very  striking,  from  the  cold,  and 
its  restraints  upon  vegetation  on  the  St.  Bernardin, 
to  the  climate  immediately  below  Misocco,  where 
the  vine  flourishes,  Indian  corn  is  raised,  and  the 
mulberry  tree  is  successfully  cultivated  for  silk- 
worms :    here  the    sun    darts   his    southern    rays 


312  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

upon  the  traveller,  who,  two  or  three  hours  before, 
shivered  in  the  bleak  and  cold  regions  of  the  Alps. 

Soon  after  leaving  the  castle  of  Misocco,  the 
traveller  arrives  at  Buffalora  —  a  spot  remarkable 
for  a  very  fine  cataract,  where,  early  in  the  after- 
noon, the  sun  may  be  seen  shining  throinjh  the 
torrent,  as  it  descends  from  a  great  height  in  a 
single  jet  :  the  water,  in  dispersing  into  mist, 
intercepts  the  sun's  rays,  and  exhibits  a  blaze  of 
illumined  particles  :  it  is  singular  and  beautiful 
to  observe  a  waterfall  under  such  circumstances^ 
There  is  no  valley  in  the  Alps  into  which  such 
numerous,  varied,  and  beautiful  cascades  descend 
as  into  the  Val  Misocco. 

From  Lostallo,  three  quarters  of  a  post  below 
Misocco,  the  distance  to  Bellinzona  is  only  a  post 
and  a  half;  the  descent  is  so  gradual  through  the 
valley  below  the  castle  of  Misocco,  that  in  four 
leagues  it  does  not  exceed  800  feet.  Before  arriv- 
ing at  Eoveredo,  the  traveller  passes  the  ruins  of 
the  castles  of  Grono  and  Calanka.  Formerly,  a 
pass  existed  by  the  valley  of  Calanka  into  the 
Grisons  over  the  Mont  Adula,  and  near  the  source 
of  the  Hinter-Rbine  ;  but  an  extension  of  the  gla- 
ciers has  destroyed  this  route  entirely.  Roveredo 
is  the  chief  town  of  the  lower  Val  Misocco  ;  below 
this  place  the  valley  widens.  About  a  league  from 
Roveredo  is  St.  Vittore,  the  last  village  in  the 
canton  of  the  Grisons.     The  canton  of  the  Tessin 


BELLINZONA.  313 

commences  at  the  village  of  Lumino.  Shortly 
after,  the  Val  Levantine  is  entered,  where  the 
Mo'esa  joins  the  Tessin,  which  flows  from  the  St. 
Gothard.  At  a  short  distance  from  the  conflu- 
ence, we  reached  Belli nzona,  where  the  Albergo 
del'Aquila  offered  us  tolerable  accommodation  ; 
but  the  inns  on  the  side  of  Italy  are  inferior  in 
cleanliness  and  comfort  to  those  in  the  Grisons. 


314  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


CHAPTER  XX. 

Bellinzona — Valley  of  Riviera — Seraentino — Locarno — Lago 
Maggiore — Catholicism  —  Val  Levantine — Val  Blegno  — 
Giornico — Dazio  Grande — Val  Piota — Pass  of  Stalvedro — 
Val  Bedretto — Airolo — Ascent  of  the  St.  Gothard  —  Val 
Tremola—  Summit  —  Hospice  —  St.  Gothard  —  Descent  to 
\'al  Ursern  —  Andermatt — Trou  d'Uri — Devil's  Bridge — 
Contest  of  the  French  and  Russians  —  Krachenthal  — 
Goschenen  — Amstag — Swiss  Soldiers — Altorf. 

September  Ath. — After  parting  with  my  civil 
guide,  Jacques  Faar,  who  returned  early  to  his 
dear  giantess  at  Naufanen,  and  his  post-house  at 
Andeer,  I  strolled  round  Bellinzona;  but  I  was 
disappointed  in  not  finding  it  picturesque ;  or  rather, 
that,  in  spite  of  its  beautiful  situation  amidst  the 
mountains,  and  the  varied  surface  of  the  ground 
upon  which  its  three  castles  are  placed,  it  pre- 
sents from  every  near  point  of  view  long  lines  of 
embrasured  walls,  that  destroy  the  picturesque. 

Bellinzona  is  the  key  to  Switzerland  by  the 
various  passes  which  debouche  into  the  Val  Le- 
vantine :  to  the  forest  cantons,  by  the  St.  Gothard ; 
to  Dissentis,  and  the  valley  of  the  Vorder  Rhin, 
by  the  Lukmanier  ;  and  to  the  pass  of  the  Ber- 
nardin,  by  the  valley  of  Misocco.  The  important 
station  of  Bellinzona  has  exposed  it  to  sieges  and 


VALLEY  OF  RIVIERA.  315 

suffei'ing  in  every  contest  in  which  the  Swiss  have 
been  involved.  The  Alps  afforded  to  the  people 
of  this  city  little  protection  from  the  hordes  of 
early  barbarians  who  descended  through  the  Val 
Levantine,  or  from  the  later  barbarians  of  the 
French  army,  who,  at  the  end  of  the  eighteenth 
century,  in  the  desire  to  extend  the  blessings  of 
their  republicanism,  made  a  reckless  sacrifice  of 
the  property,  the  liberty,  and  the  lives  of  the 
Swiss.  Bellinzona,  thougli  the  chief  place  of  the 
canton,  is  the  seat  of  its  government  only  alter- 
nately with  Locarno  and  Lugano. 

I  hired  a  light  voiture  to  take  me  to  Locarno ; 
and,  after  crossing  the  Tessin  by  a  fine  bridge, 
drove  through  the  valley  of  Riviera,  which,  from 
the  course  of  the  Tessin  through  it  to  that  part  of 
Lago  Maggiore  which  bears  the  name  of  the  Lake 
of  Locarno,  is  in  fact  a  continuation  of  the  Val 
Levantine.  The  road  to  Locarno  passes  by  the 
western  side  of  the  valley,  under  the  Mont  Carasso, 
which  is  richly  wooded,  and  the  country  is  in  a 
state  of  high  cultivation,  and  abounding  with  all 
the  productions  of  northern  Italy.  However  un- 
picturesque  Bellinzona  may  be,  near  to  or  within 
its  walls,  it  is  a  fine  object  in  all  the  views  of  the 
valley  of  which  it  forms  a  feature.  The  scenery  at 
the  bridge  of  Sementino  is  particularly  striking, 
where,  at  the  end  of  a  deep  recess  in  the  mountain- 
side, a  torrent  is  seen  pouring  out  from  the  summit 


316  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

into  the  valley,  and  the  church  of  Sementino 
crowning  the  rocks  high  ahove  the  village  and  the 
vineyards :  these  are  backed  by  the  Mont  Carasso. 
The  eye  then  sweeping  on  the  right  from  the  base 
of  this  mountain,  takes  in  the  city  of  Bellinzona 
and  the  distant  Alps,  which  terminate  the  valleys 
that  lead  up  to  the  Bernardin  and  the  St.  Gothard. 
Across  the  rich  plain  of  the  Riviera,  the  road  may 
be  traced  on  the  Monte  Cenere,  which  leads  from 
Bellinzona  to  the  Lake  of  Lugano. 

From  Sementino  the  ride  is  very  beautiful 
through  delightfully  situated  villages  all  the  way 
to  Locarno.  If  an  idea  of  the  appearance  of  the 
peasantry  of  the  Tessin  have  been  formed  from  the 
prints  of  the  costume  of  the  canton,  the  traveller 
will  not  find  any  to  agree  with  them  ;  for  though 
the  day  was  a  fite,  and  it  is  only  then  that  any 
thing  like  the  canton  costumes  can  be  fairly  seen 
in  any  part  of  Switzerland,  rags  disguised  the  form, 
and  dirt  concealed  the  colour,  of  the  nasty  race 
who  infest  this  valley :  the  men  were  so  forbidding 
as  to  excite  disgust,  and  were  only  one  degree  better 
than  the  women.  The  people  of  the  canton  bear 
a  bad  character,  which,  if  it  had  not  its  origin  in 
their  squalid  villanous  appearance,  is  singularly 
in  accordance  with  it.  My  guide,  a  native  of  Bel- 
linzona, was  full  of  unfavourable  tales  of  the  people 
of  the  valley  below  his  city,  though  the  distance  is 
only  nine  miles  from  Bellinzona  to  Locarno. 


LAKE  OF  LOCARNO.  317 

Having  arrived  at  Locarno,  I  ordered  a  boat 
to  take  me  on  the  lake,  and  was  rowed  down  to 
Brissago  on  the  western  side,  where  part  of  the 
road  is  formed  which  the  government  of  Turin,  in 
conjunction  with  the  people  of  the  Tessin  and  the 
Grisons,  is  constructing  along  the  western  shores 
of  the  Lago  Maggiore,  to  facilitate  the  commercial 
communications,  between  Genoa  and  the  Grisons, 
by  the  pass  of  the  St.  Bernardin,  and  with  Swit- 
zerland, by  a  contemplated  carriage- road  over  the 
St.  Gothard.      I  spent  the  greater  part  of  the  day 
on  the  water,  delighted  with  the  brightness  and 
beauty  of  the  weather,  the  calm  freshness  on  the 
lake,    and   the  richness  of  the  vegetation   on  its 
shores,  where  the  fig,  the  olive,  the  pomegranate, 
and  the  orange   ripen ;    and   the  myrtle  and  the 
jasmine  bloom  in  the  hedges. 

Locarno  is  finely  situated  near  the  junction  of 
many  valleys — the  Tessin,  the  Verasca,  the  Maggia, 
and  the  Centovalle:  these,  with  the  mountains,  the 
lake,  and  the  villages  on  its  shores,  present  much 
variety  in  the  scenery,  and  from  every  elevation, 
views  of  great  beauty,  particularly  from  one  height, 
near  the  convent  of  Madonna  del  Sasso. 

In  the  evening  I  returned  to  Bellinzona,  by 
the  same  rich  valley,  and  scarcely  saw  an  ex- 
ception to  scpialid  poverty  in  the  people.  It  is 
impossible  to  notice  the  filth,  the  laziness,  and 
beggary  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  Catholic  cantons 


318  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

of  Switzerland  —  of  these  the  Tessin  are  perhaps  the 
worst — without  believing  that  the  religion  of  the 
state  in  which  these  unfortunate  people  live  is  either 
a  direct  or  the  remote  cause  of  their  state  of  degra- 
dation, or  that  it  operates  as  a  powerful  check  to 
their  advancement  to  such  a  state  of  social  comfort 
and  moral  worth  as  their  neighbours  enjoy,  who 
are  less  under  the  terrors  of  the  Catholic  church, 
and  the  influence  of  its  priesthood.    Where  the  con- 
fessional subjects  every  one  to  the  chance  of  the 
abuses  of  its  privileges,  no  man's  cottage  is  a  sanc- 
tuary from  the  intrusions  of  the  priest,  whose  vio- 
lations of  decorum,  and  abuses  of  the  confidence 
which  he  cUiims  for  his  calling,  become  an   ex- 
ample which  his  precepts  cannot  check :  so  much 
for  the  minister.     Then  the  church  demands,  to 
sustain  its  influence  and  prove  its  power,  so  great 
a  portion  of  the  time  of  the  labouring  man,  that 
fetes,  fasts,  and  processions,  in  honour  of  the  Vir- 
gin and  the  saints,  take  one-third  of  the  hours  God 
has  given  to  him  for  labour. 

It  is  not,  then,  to  be  wondered  at,  that  a  people 
controlled  by  such  religious  observances  as  give  a 
master  to  each  man's  mind,  and  can  claim,  under 
penalty,  the  utter  waste  of  so  much  of  his  time, 
should  lose  the  use  of  energies  they  dare  not 
display,  and  be  impoverished  by  being  robbed  of 
that  time  which,  usefully  employed,  would  esta- 
blish habits  of  industry,  and  reward  their  exercise 


INFLUENCE  OF  CATHOLICISM.        319 

with  health  and  competence.  It  is  not  prejudice, 
but  a  fact,  that  the  line  which  separates  a  Cathohc 
from  a  Protestant  canton  is  more  decidedly  marked 
by  the  squalid  and  poverty-stricken  appearance  of 
the  people  in  one,  contrasted  with  the  look  of  in- 
dependence among  those  of  the  other,  than  by  any 
geographical  line  of  demarcation. 

In  the  latter  part  of  the  sixteenth  century, 
St.  Carlo  Borromeo,  horrified  at  the  progress 
which  the  doctrines  of  Luther  were  makino-  in 
the  Tessin,  visited  himself  the  valleys  of  Switzer- 
land ;  and,  whatever  may  have  been  his  liberality 
with  regard  to  worldly  goods,  and  zeal  to  reform 
abuses  in  his  own  church,  a  more  intolerant  bigot 
in  favour  of  its  doctrines  was  scarcely  to  be  found. 
The  violence  with  which  he  pursued  the  reformers 
in  the  valley  of  Misocco,  and  urged  their  extir- 
pation, led  to  a  system  of  persecution,  in  which 
burning,  confiscation,  and  banishment,  were  de- 
manded by  the  church  of  Rome,  in  vindication  of 
its  temporal  and  fast-fading  power. 

5M.  —  I  hired  a  light  voiture  last  night,  and 
started  early  to  ascend  the  Val  Levantine,  having 
first  tasted  at  a  cafe  the  acqua  di  cedro  for  which 
the  guide-books  have  celebrated  Bellinzona  more 
than  it  deserved. 

Soon  after  leaving  the  capital  of  the  Tessin,  my 
new  conductor  drove  me  across  the  Moesa  ;  and 
about  eight  miles  above  it,  near  Biasco,  we  passed 


320  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

the  entrance  to  the  Val  Blegno.  I  could  see, 
from  our  route  in  the  Val  Levantine,  the  vast 
debris  of  the  mountain  wliich  fell  across  the 
Val  Blegno  in  the  year  1512.  The  fallen  mass 
arrested  the  course  of  the  river  Blegno,  and 
foi-med  a  large  lake,  which  continued  above  200 
years.  In  1714  it  burst  a  passage,  and  swept  all 
within  its  power  into  the  Lago  Maggiore.  Trees 
and  pasturages  now  so  far  conceal  this  accumu- 
lation in  the  valley,  that  it  would  scarcely  be 
noticed  but  for  the  tale  of  its  dreadful  disruption. 
There  is  little  to  excite  attention  in  the  Val  Le- 
vantine, at  least  before  the  traveller  arrives  near 
Giornico  :  here  the  vast  blocks  of  granite  which 
have  fallen  into  the  bed  of  the  torrent  interrupt 
its  course,  and  produce  a  succession  of  cataracts, 
Avhich,  seen  through  the  ramifications  of  enormous 
chestnut-trees,  that  are  firmly  rooted  between  the 
rocks,  have  a  highly  picturesque  appearance. 

A  little  way  above  Giornico,  on  the  road  to 
Faido,  I  passed  over  the  scene  of  action  where, 
in  1478,  a  battle  was  fought  and  won  by  the 
Swiss  against  the  Milanese.  The  quarrel  was 
about  a  wood  of  chestnuts;  and  the  Pope's  nuncio, 
instead  of  acting  as  his  character  demanded,  the 
part  of  a  peace-maker,  fomented  the  dispute  until 
it  produced  the  battle,  which  was  rendered  me- 
morable by  a  ruse  de  guerre  practised  by  a  Cap- 
tain Stanga,  who  commanded  some  of  the  troops  of 


DAZIO  GRANDE.  321 

the  country.  It  was  fought  m  winter ;  and  Stanga 
advised  his  men  to  turn  the  waters  of  the  Tessin 
over  the  roads  and  meadows,  and  to  provide  them- 
selves with  crampons  (spikes  for  their  shoes).  On 
the  morning  of  the  battle  the  field  of  action  was 
covered  with  ice,  and  the  disadvantage  under  which 
the  Milanese  thus  fought  contributed  greatly  to  the 
success  of  the  Swiss  army. 

We  rested  to  refresh  the  horse  at  Faido,  the 
principal  town  between  Bellinzona  and  the  St. 
Gothard.  Here  vines  terminate,  and  the  country 
assumes  a  more  alpine  ciiaracter.  The  scenery, 
however,  is  rather  tame  at  Faido  ;  there  is  a  fine 
waterfall  near  it,  it  is  truej  but  in  a  country  where 
waterfalls  are  as  common  as  blackberries,  it  I'e- 
quires  some  striking  peculiarity  to  engage  the 
attention  of  the  traveller. 

About  a  league  and  a  half  above  Faido  is  the 
Dazio  Grande  —  a  deep  gorge,  which  takes  its 
name  from  the  establishment  of  a  toll-house  at  the 
upper  end  of  the  ravine,  where  a  tax  is  levied,  to 
pay  for  the  repairs  which  are  constantly  occurring 
in  the  defile,  from  the  dilapidation  of  the  arched 
terraces  upon  which  the  road  is  carried,  or  of  the 
walls  and  yarde-fous,  which  prevent  the  traveller 
falling  over  into  the  foaming  torrent ;  but  the 
ravine,  to  have  attained  any  celebrity  foi-  les  belles 
horreurs,  is  the  most  uninteresting  that  I  have 
passed  through. 

p2 


322 


EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


Above  the  Dazio  the  road  enters  the  valley  or 
plain  of  Piota,  which  is  industriously  cultivated, 
and,  considering  its  elevation  (3000  feet  above  the 
sea),  very  productive.  This  valley  extends  nearly 
two  leagues  through  its  course  to  the  defile  of  the 
Stalvedro.  The  snowy  mountains  of  St.  Gothard 
tower  over  the  lower  ranges  which  terminate  the 
plain,  and  the  bases  of  mountains  which  form  the 
ravine  of  Stalvedro  sink  to  the  insignificant  ap- 
pearance of  a  dike  ;  though  in  itself  lofty  and 
grand  when  the  traveller  passes  beneath  the  vast 
overhanging  rocks,  between  which  the  Tessin  forces 
its  way,  scarcely  leaving  room  enough  for  a  road 
to  pass  along  its  bank.  Over  the  rock,  on  the  left, 
is  a  watch-tower,  supposed  to  have  been  built  by 
one  of  the  latest  of  the  Lombard  kings,  who  was 
conquered  by  Charlemagne,  as  it  still  bears  the 
name  of  the  tower  of  Desiderio.  On  passing  this 
defile,  the  traveller  enters  the  Val  Bedretto,  which 
leads,  on  the  left,  over  the  great  chain,  by  the  pass 
of  the  Naufanen,  to  the  Ober-Valais. 

The  Val  Bedretto  terminates  in  a  basin  within 
the  defile  of  Stalvedro,  and  about  two  miles  from 
it  is  the  little  town  of  Airolo,  at  the  foot  of  the 
St.  Gothard.  I  was  struck  with  the  commercial 
bustle  of  the  place  :  great  numbers  of  mules, 
laden  with  merchandise,  were  constantly  pass- 
ing, and  the  inn  wanted  the  quiet  and  retired 
character  of  a  mountain  auberge.     Here  I  met  a 


AIROLO.  323 

French  gentleman  and  his  son,  who  had  this  day- 
returned  from  an  attempt  to  pass  the  Ober-Alp :  he 
said  the  wind  was  so  high  on  the  mountains,  that, 
unable  to  make  way  against  it,  though  they  tried 
on  their  knees,  they  had  returned  to  Airolo,  to  pass 
by  the  Val  Bedretto  and  the  Naufanen.  Now  all 
this  proved  too  much.  The  most  urgent  business 
would  not  induce  any  man  to  climb  mountains  on 
his  knees  ;  and,  to  shew  that  business  was  not  a 
motive  to  such  exertion,  he  returned  from  attempt- 
ing a  passage  to  the  eastward,  to  make  another 
which  led  only  to  the  west. 

I  was  informed  at  the  inn  at  Airolo,  that  the 
engineers  had  left  it  only  the  day  before,  after 
having  been  engaged  in  surveying  a  line  on  the 
mountain,  preparatoiy  to  the  construction  of  a 
carriage- road  over  the  St.  Gothard,  and  that 
the  operations  would  very  soon  be  commenced. 
That  by  which  I  have  travelled  from  Bellinzona 
would  require  little  improvement ;  and  from  Gci- 
schenen,  on  the  northern  side  of  the  mountain,  I 
am  informed  tliat  the  road  is  good  to  Fluelen, 
on  the  lake  of  Uri.  I  have  hired  a  guide  to  carry 
my  luggage  and  conduct  me  to  Altorf  to-morrow, 
and  dismissed  my  voiturier,  contented  with  a  Na- 
poleon for  his  services  during  a  long  day's  journey 
from  Bellinzona  to  Airolo. 

6th. — We  started  early,  up  one  side  of  the 
basin  of  the  Val  Bedretto,  by  a  paved  mule-path. 


324  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

and  soon  roacbed  the  skirts  of  the  last  pine-forest 
at  the  Capella  del  Bosco.  The  scene  looking  back 
upon  Airolo  is  extensive ;  for  the  eye  commands  a 
view  of  the  Val  Levantine,  over  the  gorge  of  Stal- 
vedro,  to  the  Val  Piota,  and,  far  distant,  the 
boundary  formed  by  the  mountains  on  the  right  of 
tiie  Hinter-Rhin.  At  the  Capella  del  Bosco,  the 
muleteers  usually  pray  for  protection  over  the  pass, 
or,  in  descending,  offer  their  thanksgivings  for  a 
safe  journey. 

A  zig-zag  path  leads  up  through  the  wood  to 
the  Val  Ti-emola,  where  thei'e  are  fine  pasturages ; 
but  towards  the  pass  the  mountains  close  in,  and 
scarcely  leave  room  for  the  mule-path  and  the 
torrent  which  passes  through  it.  Before  entering 
the  defile,  the  road  crosses  a  miserable  stone  brid2:e 
without  parapets.  "  It  is  not,"  says  Simler,  a 
Swiss  historian,  "  that  the  bridge  trembles,  and  is 
therefore  called  the  Ponte  Tremola,  but  that  the 
passengers  here  begin  to  shake  and  tremble  with 
dread  at  the  sight  of  the  ravine,  and  fear  of  the 
dangers  which  they  have  to  encounter  there."  We 
passed  it  without  the  due  exhibition  of  terror;  and 
at  the  upper  extremity  we  found  an  abi-upt  and 
rugged  ascent  to  the  summit  of  the  St.  Gothard, 
amidst  blocks  of  granite,  which,  wildly  strewn 
about,  present  dangerous  precipices  in  the  path, 
and  savage  desolation  all  around.  This  was  the 
scene  of  a  severe  contest  on  the  24th  of  September, 


PASS  OF  THE  ST.  GOTHARD.  325 

1799,  between  the  Russians  and  the  French,  when 
the  lattei'  were  defeated.  Rudely  cut  on  a  rock, 
to  commemorate  the  event,  can  still  be  traced 
suwAROFF,  VICTOR  ;  but  the  victory  was  use- 
less :  the  French  fought  to  prevent  the  junction 
of  Suwaroff  with  the  Imperialists,  and  the  French 
generals,  by  their  skill  and  successes,  subsequently 
attained  that  object,  and  compelled  the  Russians 
to  make  the  celebrated  retreat  of  the  Muottathal. 

The  desolate  summit  of  the  St.  Gothard  pass, 
6500  feet  above  the  level  of  the  sea,  scarcely  de- 
serves the  name  of  a  plain.  The  path  winds  over 
varied  and  broken  ground,  to  the  inn,  which  is 
situated  at  the  greatest  elevation  of  the  pass :  it 
serves  as  a  place  of  shelter,  but  the  accommoda- 
tions are  miserable.  Here,  however,  we  rested. 
My  guide  thought  himself  in  capital  quarters  ; 
drank  the  thin  wine  as  if  it  had  been  nectar  on 
Olympus,  instead  of  swipes  on  St.  Gothard  ;  and 
gave  me,  whilst  he  chose  to  rest,  time  enough  to 
write  to  my  friends  in  England. 

Formerly,  there  was  a  small  convent,  or  hos- 
pice, on  this  summit ;  it  existed  as  early  as  the 
thirteenth  century,  and  was  one  of  those  benevolent 
establishments  that  were  founded  upon  the  alpine 
passes  where  there  was  much  intercourse,  for  the 
relief  and  protection  of  travellers.  It  was  destroyed 
by  an  avahmche  in  1775  ;  two  years  later  it  was 
rebuilt  upon  a  larger  scale.     In  1799  it  was  pil- 


326  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

laged  by  the  French  army  ;  and  some  soldiers  of 
that  nation  being  stationed  there  daily  during  the 
following  winter,  they  burnt  all  the  wood  of  the 
building  which  they  could  collect,  and  left  it  a 
ruin,  from  which  it  has  never  been  restored. 

On  leaving  the  hospice  to  descend  the  valley 
of  the  Reuss,  the  rudely  paved  road  wound  be- 
tween several  lakes,  the  sources  of  the  rivers 
which  stream  from  each  side  of  the  mountain,  the 
Tessin  flowing  towards  Italy,  and  the  Reuss  to- 
wards the  Lake  of  Uri.  The  largest  of  the  lakes 
on  the  summit  is  called  the  Lucendro,  and  it  is  the 
principal  source  of  the  Reuss.  The  scene  on  the 
summit  is  wikl  and  desolate,  surrounded  by  high 
mountains,  which  are  surmounted  by  snows  and 
glaciers,  where  an  impressive  silence  reigns,  which 
is  scarcely  ever  broken,  except  by  the  bells  of  the 
passing  mules,  or  the  song  of  the  muleteer. 

The  origin  of  the  present  name  of  this  moun- 
tain. Saint  Gothard,  has  been  as  perplexing  as  its 
early  history;  some,  deriving  it  from  the  Celtic 
words  got  and  arth,  suppose  that  it  owed  its  name 
to  the  worship  of  a  divinity  on  this  high  moun- 
tain ;  others  derive  it  from  the  Goths,  who, 
when  they  were  driven  out  of  Italy,  in  the  sixth 
century,  established  themselves  in  the  valleys  of 
the  canton  of  Uri ;  but  the  most  probable  origin 
of  the  name  is  from  a  chapel  dedicated  to  Saint 
Gothard,  who  was  a  bishop  of  Ilildesheim  in  the 


VAL  URSERN.  327 

twelfth  century,  in  honour  of  whom  the  ahhots  of 
Dissentis  raised  a  chapel  on  these  heights,  which 
were  within  their  jurisdiction.  What  is  known 
concerning  this  pass  in  the  dark  ages,  has  been 
chiefly  preserved  in  the  archives  of  the  convent  of 
Dissentis. 

From  the  lakes  on  the  summit  the  road  de- 
scends over  broken  and  rocky  ground,  towards 
the  valley  of  Ursern,  through  which  the  Reuss 
flows  in  its  descent  to  the  Lake  of  Uri ;  and  there 
is  no  relief  to  the  traveller  from  an  uniform 
sterility,  until  he  arrive  at  the  village  of  Hospital, 
or  Hospenthal,  where  there  was  formerh^  a  hos- 
pice, founded  in  the  thirteenth  century,  for  the 
benefit  and  assistance  of  those  who  passed  that 
way.  It  is  situated  in  that  part  of  the  Val  Ursern 
which  spreads  out  into  a  little  plain,  having,  at 
its  north-eastern  extremity,  the  village  of  Ander- 
matt,  at  the  foot  of  the  passage  which  leads  to 
Dissentis  by  the  Ober-Alp ;  and  in  the  opposite 
direction,  a  road  by  the  Val  Ursern  leads  over  the 
Furca  to  the  Valais.  The  appearance  of  Hospital 
is  rather  picturesque,  from  a  tower,  the  remains  of 
an  old  castle,  but  there  is  no  wood  in  the  valley ; 
a  small  pine-forest  above  Andermatt,  which  was 
formerly  preserved  most  scrupulously,  as  a  check 
to  the  avalanches  which  threaten  destruction  to 
the  village,  was  destroyed  during  the  campaign 
of  1799. 


328  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

The  meadows  which  the  road  crosses  to  arrive 
at  the  village  of  Andermatt  are  tranquil  even  to 
solitude.  Here  I  had  excellent  fare  at  a  com- 
fortahle  inn,  and  made  amends  for  the  privations 
at  the  miserable  hut  on  the  summit ;  and  I  found 
in  the  travellers'  book  the  records  of  many  adven- 
turous excursions,  and  the  names  of  many  friends. 
This  means  of  recalling  the  memory  of  those  who 
have  gone  before  us  on  the  same  route,  is  a  source 
of  high  gratification.  The  character  of  repose  in 
the  little  plain  of  Andermatt  is  strongly  contrasted 
with  the  scene  upon  which  I  entered  M'hen  I  left 
the  Val  Ursern  to  follow  the  course  of  the  Reuss. 
The  road  lay  through  a  gallery  pierced  in  the 
rock  which  overhangs  the  river,  and  around  which 
there  was  formerly  fixed  a  fi'ame  or  scaffolding, 
upon  which  travellers  and  beasts  of  burden  were 
obliged  to  make  their  dangerous  passage.  The 
present  road,  through  the  granite  rock,  was  made 
in  1707,  at  the  expense  of  the  canton  of  Uri  ; 
it  is  two  hundred  and  twenty  feet  long,  and  in 
height  and  breadth  twelve  feet  ;  it  bears  the 
name  of  the  Urnerloch.  From  the  gallery,  a 
steep  path  leads  down  to  the  Devil's  Bridge, 
where  a  single  arch  of  seventy  feet  span,  one  hun- 
dred feet  above  the  cataract,  is  thrown  across  the 
torrent,  which  rushes  obliquely  beneath,  and  de- 
scends, within  a  short  distance,  above  three  hun- 
dred feet.     It  is  not  possible  to  conceive  a  more 


devil's  bridge.  329 

appalling  scene  than  that  which  is  presented  at 
the  Devil's  Bridge,  by  the  height  of  the  rocks, 
the  narrowness  of  the  defile,  and  the  roar  and  rush 
of  the  torrent  beneath.  On  the  lower  side  of  the 
ravine,  the  road,  or  rather  the  path,  by  which  the 
bridge  is  left  in  passing  through  the  gorge,  is 
partly  cut  out  of  the  vast  wall  of  rock  which  rises 
immediately  above  the  road  to  a  great  height,  and 
partly  rests  on  arches  firmly  built  into  the  rough 
surface  of  the  rocks  beneath,  which  serve  to  sup- 
port the  road  as  a  terrace.  The  sides  of  the  rock 
below  the  path  descend  perpendicularly  to  the 
torrent ;  and  a  low  wall  on  the  border  of  the  ter- 
raced road  is  the  only  protection  from  the  danger 
of  falling  into  the  horrible  abyss  beneath.  The 
waters  of  the  Reuss,  in  descending  to  the  bridge, 
turn  abruptly  to  the  right  to  pass  beneath  the 
arch,  and  then  appear  to  rush  with  increased  rage 
and  violence,  from  the  momentary  restraint  which 
they  encountered  from  the  angle  in  the  gulf.  The 
bridge  itself  does  not  contribute  much  to  the  sub- 
lime impression  which  the  scene  makes,  unless  the 
spectator  be  upon  it ;  but  it  is  impossible  to  think 
of  such  a  structure,  in  such  a  situation,  without 
shuddering:  at  the  idea  of  the  danger  to  which 
those  who  built  it  must  have  been  exposed.  MuUer 
conjectures  that  the  Devil's  Bridge  was  originally 
a  work  of  the  Lombard  kings,  whose  dominions 
extended  northward  to  the  valley  of  the  Reuss. 


330  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

The  fearful  emotions  excited  by  these  scenes 
are  increased  by  the  recollection  that  it  was  here 
some  dreadful  contests  took  place  between  the 
French  and  the  Imperialists  during  the  campaign 
of  1799.  For  the  following  account,  from  the 
"  Precis  des  Evenemens  Militaires,"  by  the  Comte 
Dumas,  it  would  be  difficult  to  find  a  parallel. 
On  the  15th  of  August,  1799,  the  French  general 
Lecourbe,  having  joined  the  brigade  of  General 
Loison  on  the  same  day  that  he  had  carried  the 
defences  of  the  Mayenthal,  advanced  to  secure  the 
important  post  of  the  Saint  Gothard,  and,  about 
four  o'clock,  met  the  outposts  of  the  Imperialists, 
and  forced  them  to  fall  back  upon  their  entrench- 
ments at  the  Devil's  Bridge ;  these  rested  upon 
the  rocks  on  the  right  bank  of  the  torrent  of  the 
Reuss.  The  French  presented  themselves  at  the 
bridge,  and,  charging  the  Austrians,  reckoned 
upon  passing  it  in  the  confusion  with  them,  when, 
suddenly,  the  bridge  disappeared  between  the 
parapets.  Thirty  feet  of  its  length  had  fallen, 
with  those  who  were  fighting  upon  it,  into  the 
gulf  below,  and  the  remaining  combatants  were 
separated.  This  event  forced  the  French  grena- 
diers, who  had  advanced  to  the  charge,  to  effect 
a  retreat ;  but,  borne  on  by  those  who  were  behind 
them,  they  were,  for  some  time,  exposed  to  a 
murderous  fire  from  the  Imperialists  on  the  oppo- 
site rocks.      During  the  night  the  Austrians  re- 


BATTLES  AT  THE  DEVIl's  BRIDGE.  331 

treated  by  the  Ober-Alp,  to  avoid  being  cut  off  by 
the  brigade  of  General  Gudin,  who  had  made  a 
detour  by  the  Grimsel,  and  fought  his  way,  with 
incredible  difficulty,  across  the  Furca,  to  fall  upon 
the  rear  of  the  Imperialists  ;  Lecourbe's  troops, 
who  had,  during  the  night,  repaired  the  bridge, 
found  Gudin's  brigade,  on  the  morning  of  the 
16th,  on  the  right  bank  of  the  Reuss,  in  posses- 
sion of  the  enemy's  position.  The  conquest  of  the 
pass  of  the  Saint  Gothard  was  the  consequence, 
and,  within  forty-eight  hours  of  the  general  move- 
ment of  the  French,  Lecourbe  was  master  of  the 
summit  and  the  valley  by  which  he  had  ascended  ; 
but  this  important  passage  was  reconquered  in 
little  more  than  a  month  by  the  Russian  army, 
under  SuwarofF,  who  crossed  the  Saint  Gothard 
to  effect  a  junction  with  the  Austrians.  When  he 
descended  to  Andermatt,  he  found  that  the  Urner- 
loch  had  been  blocked  up,  the  rocks  in  the  descent 
to  the  bridge  blasted  and  strewn  in  the  path,  part 
of  the  bridge  blown  up,  and  other  obstacles  thrown 
in  the  way  of  his  advance ;  but  the  Russians, 
rendered  desperate  by  hunger  and  resistance,  re- 
opened the  gallery,  and  repaired  the  bridge,  by 
throwing  1)eams  across,  and  lashing  them  together 
with  the  officers'  scarfs.  Hundreds  of  soldiers  fell, 
in  the  struggle,  into  the  abyss  of  the  Reuss,  before 
they  drove  the  French  from  their  position,  and 
descended  into  the  valley  between  the  Urnerloch 


332  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

and  Giiscbenen.  Here  it  is  that  the  engineers  will 
have  the  greatest  difficulties  to  contend  with  in 
forming  the  new  road,  which  it  is  intended  to 
make  practicable  for  carriages,  by  the  route  of 
the  St.  Gothard. 

From  the  Devil's  Bridge  to  Goschenen  the 
valley  is  dreary  and  savage.  The  Reuss  is  twice 
crossed  before  it  reaches  Goschenen  :  in  its  course 
thither  it  descends  with  so  much  noise,  as  it 
dashes  over  and  among  the  rocks,  that  it  has  given 
to  this  part  of  the  valley  the  name  of  the  Kra- 
chenthal.  Enormous  masses  of  granite  lie  in  the 
bed  of  the  torrent,  and  on  the  sides  of  the  moun- 
tains. Not  far  from  Goschenen  there  is  an  im- 
mense block,  which  the  people  of  the  valley  call  the 
Teitfelstein,  and  say  the  devil  dropped  it  there.  My 
guide  believed  the  tale  he  told  me, — that  the  devil 
was  so  indignant  at  their  having  given  his  name  to 
the  bridge  above,  that  he  swore  he  would  crush  it, 
and  lugged  this  stone  so  far  to  accomplish  his  in- 
tention ;  but  he  tired  under  his  burden,  and  drop- 
ping it  where  I  saw  it,  relinqnished  his  vengeance. 
At  Goschenen  I  parted  with  my  guide,  and  hired 
a  char  about  to  return  down  the  valley.  After 
having  crossed  a  mountain  torrent  which  flows  by 
the  village,  we  entered  upon  a  good  carriage-road 
which  conducts  to  Altorf.  Below  Goschenen  the 
road  passes  beneath  forests  of  pines,  and  through 
villages    surrounded   by   cultivation.      There    are 


VALLEY  OF  THE  EEUSS.  333 

some  fine  points  of  view  in  descending  to  Anistag, 
principally  from  a  part  of  the  road  that  rises  high 
above  the  Reuss,  which  is  seen  foaming  at  the 
base  of  a  well-wooded  ravine  ;  in  the  background 
of  this  fine  scene  is  the  lofty  and  beautiful  form 
of  the  Windgelle  mountain.  Soon  after  passing 
the  torrent  of  the  Mayerbacli,  which  descends 
from  the  Susten  Alp,  the  traveller  crosses  the 
Reuss  at  the  PfafFensprung,  a  bridge  of  ninety 
feet  span,  at  a  great  height  above  the  torrent : 
the  situation  is  striking,  but  from  no  point  of  view 
picturesque.  Every  extraordinary  situation  in  the 
alpine  districts  has  its  tale  of  romance.  The  PfafFen- 
sprung (the  monk's  leap)  owes  its  name  to  the 
fact,  that  a  monk,  escaping  with  a  damsel  whom 
he  was  carrying  off,  leapt  across  this  gulf  with 
his  prize ! 

Thence  we  descended  to  Amstag,  a  village  at 
the  base  of  the  Windgelle.  Just  before  our  arrival 
there,  1  met  some  more  recruits  going  to  aid 
the  King  of  Naples  :  and  at  the  inn  at  Amstag, 
where  we  rested  for  a  short  time,  the  landlord 
exultingly  asked  me  if  I  had  not  met  these  braves; 
— legal  bravoes  would  have  been  a  much  better 
name  for  them.  There  are  three  classes  of  sol- 
diers :  the  truly  brave  and  honourable,  those  who 
defend  their  own  homes  and  hearths; — the  hired 
soldier,  who  enters  upon  it  as  a  profession,  honour- 
able because  "one  murder  makes  a  villain  —  mil- 


334  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

lions  a  hero,"  Avhose  services  are  sold  only  to  his 
country,  and  whose  apology  is  honour;  —  the  third 
class  is  so  utterly  detestable,  that  language  cannot 
express  a  just  indignation  of  wretches  who  can 
be  proud  of  the  dishonour  of  being  the  murdering 
tools  of  any  despot  who  will  hire  their  services  to 
crush  the  liberties  of  their  fellow-men.  These  re- 
cruits, from  the  country  of  Tell,  and  even  from  his 
native  village,  are  going  to  serve  Naples,  and  an- 
other regiment  is  forming  for  the  service  of  Ferdi- 
nand of  Spain.  The  truly  heroic  age  of  Switzerland 
was  that  in  which  the  virtuous  and  patriotic  leaguers 
delivered  their  country  from  the  tyranny  of  the 
house  of  Hapsburg,  and  the  control  of  the  empire, 
from  1308  to  1476.  Soon  after  this  period,  the 
people  of  the  Waldstetten,  elated  with  their  suc- 
cesses, and  conscious  of  their  strength,  began  not 
only  to  embroil  themselves  in  quarrels  with  their 
neighbours,  but  ultimately  to  hire  themselves  as 
soldiers  to  serve  any  foreign  government,  requir- 
ing little  excitement  to  war  and  outrage,  beyond 
the  hope  of  gain.  They  were  always  prepared  to 
draw  the  sword  for  pay ;  and  when  their  services 
were  purchased  by  contending  parties,  it  some- 
times happened  that  Swiss  opposed  Swiss  ;  then 
these  hired  wretches  cut  the  throats  even  of  their 
brethren.  Their  character  as  invincible  soldiers 
was  destroyed  at  the  battles  of  Marignano  and 
Pavia  ;  the  charm  was  ended  by  which  they  had 


SWISS  MERCENARIES.  335 

often  conquered  ;  and  though  their  heroism  was 
not  less,  they  had  suffered  such  repeated  defeats, 
from  soldiers  as  brave  and  well  disciplined  as 
themselves,  that  their  blood  was  no  longer  worth 
the  price  which  had  been  paid  for  it,  and  they 
returned,  defeated,  and  driven  from  an  infamous 
course,  to  the  honourable  employment  of  culti- 
vating their  soil.  But  the  tyrants  who  cannot 
trust  their  insulted  subjects,  can  still  hire  in  Swit- 
zerland degraded  cut-throats  for  their  dishonour- 
able  service.  Shame  to  the  Swiss  nation  for  suffer- 
ing this  stain  to  be  sanctioned  by  their  govern- 
ments in  the  19th  centuj'y  ! 

From  Amstag  to  Altorf  the  road  is  excellent, 
but  without  much  interest.  The  valley  becomes 
richer  in  wood,  particularly  in  walnut-trees;  it 
is  every  where  more  cultivated,  and  the  soil  is 
very  productive.  Before  arriving  at  Altorf,  the 
traveller  crosses  the  torrent  which  descends  from 
the  Val  Schaechen,  of  which  the  inhabitants  are 
said  to  be  the  finest  race  of  people  in  Switzer- 
land. Nearly  opposite  to  the  embouchure  of  the 
Schaechen  is  the  village  of  Attinghausen,  by  which 
a  road  passes  over  the  Surenen  Alps  to  the  valley 
of  Engleberg.  It  was  nearly  dark  when  I  was 
welcomed  at  a  comfortable  inn  close  to  Tell's 
Tower  in  Altorf. 


336  EXCURSIONS  IN  TUE  ALPS. 


CHAPTER  XXI. 

William  Tell— The  Truth  of  his  History  — Altorf—Fluelen  — 
Tellen-platte — Chapel — Fete — Lake  of  the  Waldstetten  — 
Gersau — Lucerne — Monument  to  the  Swiss  of  the  10th 
of  August,  1792 — Annual  F^te  after  the  Harvest — Mont 
Pilate — Alpnach  —  Slide  of  Mont  Pilate— Sarnen  —  St. 
Nicolas  de  Flue  —  Lungern — Brunig — Meyringen. 

September  1th. — I  awoke  this  morning  with  the 
miserable  conviction  that  the  fine  weather  had 
ceased,  and  that  the  toi-rcnts  which  I  heard  pour- 
in"-  without  would  probably  break  in  upon  all  my 
arrano;euients  for  the  completion  of  my  journey. 
The  pelting  of  the  pitiless  storm  was  unceasing. 
It  was  dark ;  I  groped  for  my  watch,  and  felt  that 
it  was  four  o'clock.  When  daylight  appeared,  I 
had  a  sort  of  horror  of  turning  out  and  looking 
upon  the  change;  but  when  I  did,  I  found  that 
the  moruing  was  as  bright  and  beautiful  as  last 
evening  promised  it  would  be,  and  that  the  fiend 
which  had  worried  my  imagination  was  a  stream, 
working  a  mill,  close  to  the  inn,  of  which  the 
sound  had  deceived  me. 

I  was  now  more  completely  in  Switzerland — at 
least  I  had  the  feeling  of  being  so — than  I  had 


WILLIAM  TELL.  337 

before  experienced  in  any  part  of  the  Confedera- 
tion.    I  was  surrounded  by  reminiscences  of  Tell, 
— I  was  amidst  the  romance,  if  not  the  reality,  of  his 
adventures.     The  tower  was  before  me,  occupying 
the  site  of  the  lime-tree  near  which  the  child  stood 
when  his  father's  skill  was  put  to  so  dreadful  a 
test  as  that  of  shooting  an  apple  placed  on  his 
son's  head.     The  wise  matter-of-fact  men  of  our 
days,  with  minds  that ''  strain  at  a  gnat  and  swal- 
low a  camel,"  have  chosen  to  disbelieve  this  story. 
Why?    Because  some  writer  has  asserted  that  it 
is  a  tale  of  Danish  oi'igin  of  an  earlier  time  than 
that  of  Tell.     Is  this  a  reason  for  discrediting  the 
story  ?     Such  an  event  was  as  likely  to  have  hap- 
pened twice    as    once ;    and   if  such  a  tale  were 
known  to  Gesler,  it  probably  suggested  the  cruel     • 
conditions  offered  by  him  to  Tell ;  and  could  there 
be  any  conditions  more  probable  for  a  tyrant  to 
propose  than  to  put  so  dreadfully  to  the  test  the 
skill   of  his  victim  ?     If  the  tale    of  Tell,  as  be- 
lieved by  his  countrymen,  be  not  true  in  all  the 
leading  facts,  —  of  the  apple,  the  storm,  and  the    , 
death  of  Gesler, —  it  is  one  of  the  most  extraordi- 
narv  errors  into  which  the  world  was  ever  led  ; 
and  tliat  it  should  have  been  so  misled,  without 
foundation,  is  much  more  incredible  than  any  part 
of  the  tale  of  Tell ;  for,  if  false,  it  is  not  an  inven- 
tion of  yesterday,  but  may  be  traced  back  to  the 
time,  or  near  the  time,  of  the  hero.     The  subject 

Q 


338  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

of  Tell  shooting  the  apple  on  his  son's  head  is 
painted  on  the  tower  ;  and  wherever  in  this  coun- 
try Tell  is  represented  in  sculpture  oi'  in  painting, 
the  arrow  and  the  apple  are  considered  necessary 
emblems,  until  they  appear  to  be  adopted  by  con- 
sent as  characteristic  of  Switzerland  ;  for  they  are 
sculptured,  as  already  noticed,  beneath  the  inscrip- 
tion on  the  bridge  in  the  valley  of  Schams,  though 
in  the  Grisons.  Would  a  whole  state  fall  into 
this  error,  and  leave  a  bewildered  doubter  to 
throw  discredit  upon  the  history  of  one  so  dis- 
tinguished as  a  patriot  as  William  Tell  ?  But 
there  is  strong  evidence  of  its  truth  in  one  place, 
at  the  chapel  on  the  Tellen-platte,  the  rock  at  the 
foot  of  the  Achsenberg,  upon  which  Tell,  in  the 
storm,  leapt  when  he  escaped  from  the  boat  of 
Gesler.  Only  thirty  years  after  Tell's  death, 
which  happened  in  the  year  1358,  this  chapel 
was  built  to  commemorate  the  event  of  his  escape, 
and  a  series  of  pictures  in  fresco  on  the  walls 
represent  the  principal  events  of  his  life :  shooting 
at  the  apple  on  his  son's  head  is  one  of  the  series. 
In  the  year  of  the  completion  of  this  chapel,  1388, 
at  the  general  assembly  of  the  people,  there  were 
present  one  hundred  and  fourteen  persons  who 
had  known  Tell  during  his  life:  these  would  not 
have  allowed  a  falsehood  to  be  recorded  to  aid,  by 
the  addition  of  romance,  the  immortal  reputation 
of  their  countryman. 


TELLEN-PLATTE.  339 

There  is  an  air  of  still  life  about  Altorf,  as  if  it 
had  never  recovered  from  the  devastation  of  the  fire 
in  1799,  which  nearly  destroyed  the  whole  town  : 
many  houses  are  uninhabited,  and  many  more 
uninhabitable ;  but  the  large  overhanging  roofs, 
the  peculiar  construction  of  the  houses,  and  the 
costume  of  the  people,  impress  the  stranger  forcibly 
with  a  sense  of  the  novelty  of  his  situation.  The 
mountains  which  immediately  surround  the  town 
are  richly  wooded,  and  the  soil  cultivated  in  the 
valley,  highly  productive.  The  new  carriage-road 
over  the  St.  Gothard  will  do  much  for  the  canton 
of  Ui'i,  and  especially  on  the  line  of  its  course,  by 
giving  occupation  to  the  inhabitants,  and  lessening 
that  poverty,  which  now  seeks,  in  busy  idleness, 
the  alms  of  the  stranger. 

I  started  early  for  Fluelen,  the  little  port  of 
Altorf,  on  the  lake  of  Uri,  and  engaged  a  bark 
and  two  men,  for  thirteen  francs,  to  take  me  to 
Lucerne,  visiting  by  the  way  Tell's  chapel  and 
Gersau.  From  the  port  we  soon  I'eached  the 
Tellen-platte,  and  landed.  None  but  a  man  ac- 
quainted with  the  country  could  have  ventured  to 
spring  on  shore  on  this  rock,  and  hope  to  escape. 
At  the  chapel  there  is  an  annual  fete :  mass  is 
performed,  and  hundreds  of  the  peasantry,  in  their 
barges,  surround  the  rock  and  the  chapel,  and 
present  a  scene  of  deep  interest,  and  of  such 
humble    devotion    and    proud    patriotism,    that. 


340  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

however  anomalous  it  may  be  elsewhere,  church 
and  state  are  on  this  occasion  justly  united  to  give 
expression  to  their  grateful  commemoration  of  the 
mercies  received  by  their  forefatliers.  Simond,  in 
his  "  Switzerland,"  makes  a  mistake  in  asserting: 
that  the  floor  of  the  chapel  is  not  more  than  three 
feet  above  the  water ;  and  as  the  chapel  is  never 
injured  by  the  storms  of  the  lake,  asks  his  readers 
to  form  an  estimate  of  such  tempests  as  alarmed 
Gesler.  But  the  floor  of  the  chapel  is  more  than 
twelve  feet  above  the  lake ;  and  he  forgets  his  own 
comments  upon  Swiss  boat-building,  for  if  the  bark 
of  Gesler  was  like  the  wretched  boats  which  now 
ply  on  the  lake  of  the  Waldstetten,  a  little  storm 
would  occasion  great  danger. 

The  scene,  when  lying  off  the  chapel,  of  that 
portion  of  it  which  is  called  the  Lake  of  Uri,  is 
very  impressive.  The  mountain  bases  sink  ab- 
ruptly to  the  lake,  and  their  summits  rise  boldly 
from  4000  to  8000  feet  above  it.  The  precipitous 
faces  of  the  Achsenberg  are  among  the  grandest  of 
these  objects  ;  and  looking  back  on  the  valley  of 
the  Reuss,  the  glaciered  summits  of  the  Surenen 
Alps  bound  the  valley.  This  part  of  the  lake  is 
the  deepest,  being  in  some  places  600  feet. 

I  did  not  land  at  Grutli,  which  was  pointed 
out  to  me  on  the  shoi'es,  nearly  opposite  to 
Brunnen.  The  boatmen  —  the  knaves!  —  per- 
suaded me,  that  if  I  rested,  as  I  proposed  to  do, 


GERSAU.  341 

at  Gersau,  we  should  arrive  too  late  at  Lucerne. 
It  is  impossible  to  create  by  description  any  just 
idea  of  the  beauties  of  the  Lake  of  the  Four  Cantons. 
From  Fluelen,  its  direction  is  nearly  due  north  to 
Brunnen,  the  port  of  the  canton  of  Schwyz  ; 
thence  to  Stanz  its  course  is  west ;  afterwards  pass- 
ing by  an  opening  to  the  north,  above  Gersau  it 
again  takes  a  course  nearly  westerly  to  Lucerne;  its 
whole  length  from  the  port  of  Altorf  to  Lucerne  is 
above  nine  leagues.  From  the  sinuous  plan  of  the 
lake,  and  the  infinite  variety  in  character  of  the 
mountains,  the  forests,  and  the  meadows,  the  towns 
and  hamlets,  on  its  shores,  each  turn  presented  a 
new  view,  and  I  enjoyed  its  magnificent  scenery 
in  one  of  the  finest  days  that  ever  brightened  its 
surface.  I  put  in  at  Gersau,  formerly  the  capital 
of  the  smallest  republic  in  Switzerland,  but  which 
preserved  its  integrity  above  400  years :  my  boat- 
men were  glad  to  rest  in  the  heat  of  the  day. 
I  dined  there  ;  and  a  peculiar  fish,  smooth  as  an 
eel,  was  served,  but  any  thing  more  diabolical  in 
taste  was  never  placed  before  a  traveller  :  the 
name  of  it  has  escaped  my  recollection. 

From  Gersau  we  rowed  on  to  Lucerne,  and  I 
arrived  there  early  enough  to  enjoy  a  walk  about 
the  city  and  its  environs.  The  great  lion  of  Lu- 
cerne, the  sight  which  no  stranger  fails  to  visit, 
is  the  colossal  Lion  of  Thorwaldsen,  placed  here 
to  commemorate  the  heroism  and  devotion  of  the 


342  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

Swiss  Guards,  who  fell  in  defence  of  the  Tuileries, 
August  10th,  1792.  This  monument  was  executed 
by  subscription  :  the  thought  was  suggested  by 
Colonel  Pfyffer,  one  of  the  survivors  of  that  dread- 
ful massacre  of  the  Swiss.  The  subject  is  treated 
with  great  poetical  skill.  A  lion  pierced  with  a 
lance  is  dying,  and  covering  with  his  body  a 
shield,  which  bears  the  emblem  of  the  Jleur-de-lis. 
It  is  difficult  by  description,  and  even  by  a  draw- 
ing, to  give  an  idea  of  its  effect ;  for  many  go  ex- 
pecting only  to  see  something  common-place,  or  at 
most,  pretty  ;  but  whether  it  is  that  its  magnitude, 
or  its  very  appropriate  site,  aids  the  design  of  the 
monument  to  excite  a  powerful  emotion  in  the  ob- 
server, it  fails  not  to  produce  this  effect.  The  face  of 
the  rock  was  made  smooth,  in  which  an  excavation, 
forty-four  feet  long  and  twenty-eight  high,  formed 
a  recess  in  which  the  lion  lies,  in  bold  and  complete 
relief,  cut  out  of  the  rock.  The  lion  is  twenty-eight 
feet  long  and  eighteen  high,  and  the  execution  of 
it  was  entrusted  to  a  young  sculptor  of  the  name 
of  Ahorn,  of  Constance.  Pfyffer  suggested  to 
Thorwaldsen  the  way  in  which  the  subject  should 
be  treated,  and  Thorwaldsen  modelled  it,  and  sent 
a  cast  in  plaster  of  the  design.  Above  the  grotto 
is  mscr'ihed  Helvetiorum  Jidei  ac  trirtuti ;  below  it, 
the  names  of  the  officers  and  soldiers  who  perished ; 
and  of  the  few  survivors  of  that  dreadful  day,  who 
had  contributed  to  the  erection  of  this  memorial. 


MONUMENT  AT  LUCERNE.  343 

A  piece  of  running  water  bathes  the  base  of  the 
rock,  and  prevents  a  near  approach  to  the  monu- 
ment. Shrubs  and  creeping  plants  are  led  about 
the  top ;  and  trees  are  so  planted  and  arranged, 
that  the  effect  of  the  whole  is  striking  from  many 
points  of  view.  But  whatever  may  be  the  taste 
of  this  memoiial  of  the  valour  and  fidelity  of  the 
Swiss,  it  records  only  an  instance  of  mercenai'y 
servitude  faithfully  performed.  Where  are  the 
public  memorials  of  those  brave  Swiss — nobly  and 
honourably  brave — who  fought  the  battles  of  their 
own  country, —  of  those  heroes  of  Lucerne,  Gun- 
doldingen,  the  Hertensteins,  and  others,  who  fought 
against  the  princes  of  Austria  and  Burgundy,  and 
drove  the  invader  and  oppressor  from  their  hearths, 
and  established  their  freedom  and  the  indepen- 
dence of  their  country  ?  They  will  be  remembered 
in  the  history  of  Switzerland  when  this  record  of 
the  servile  soldiership  of  their  descendants  has 
perished. 

Sept.  Sth. —  I  engaged  a  char  last  evening  to 
take  me  to  Winkel.  On  driving;  out  of  Lucerne  I 
met  great  numbers  of  the  peasantry  crowding  to 
the  city,  dressed  in  their  gayest  costume  :  it  was  an 
annual  festival  —  a  public  and  national  thanksgiv- 
ing for  the  blessings  of  the  harvest.  This  grateful 
acknowledgment  of  mercies  received,  belongs  not 
to  any  particular  religion,  but  is  due  from  all 
mankind  ;  but  it  is  only,  however,  I  believe,  in 


344  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

Switzerland,  that  a  day  is  annually  set  apart  for 
this  sacred  duty.  About  an  hour's  drive  brought 
nie  to  Winkel,  a  little  port,  where  I  took  a  boat 
and  crossed  that  beautiful  portion  of  the  Lake  of 
the  Four  Cantons  which  bears  the  name  of  the 
Lake  of  Alpnach.  On  the  way  we  passed  part  of 
the  base  of  Mont  Pilate,  and  observed  the  steam 
of  the  cauldron  issuing  from  its  apex — that  pecu- 
liar appearance  of  the  clouds  I'ising  from  the  lake 
on  its  summit,  with  which  so  many  wild  tradi- 
tions of  the  mountain  ai'e  associated.  We  left 
Stanzsted,  or  the  port  of  Stanz,  on  the  opposite 
shore.  I  had  the  pleasure  of  accommodating  an 
English  party  in  the  boat  I  had  hired ;  and  they, 
in  return,  allowed  me  to  be  their  companion 
in  a  char  they  engaged  to  go  as  far  as  Lunger n. 
We  saw  a  part  of  the  ruins  of  the  celebrated 
slide  of  Alpnach,  which  has  been  so  interestingly 
described  by  Professor  Playfair;  but  its  course 
could  not  be  traced  beyond  the  shore.  The  object 
of  establishing  this  slide  was  to  bring  down  the 
large  pine-trees  from  the  forests  high  up  Mont 
Pilate.  After  discharging  them  into  the  lake,  they 
were  taken,  by  the  Reuss,  the  Aar,  and  the  Rhine, 
through  a  course  of  a  thousand  miles,  to  the 
arsenals  of  Holland,  on  the  German  Ocean, 
where  Napoleon  had  contracted  for  all  the  timber 
which  could  be  so  transported.  The  rapidity  and 
force  with  which  the  trees  were  brought  down,  left 


ALPNACH.  345 

the  observer  equally  astonished  at  the  fact  and  the 
contrivance.  They  were  brought  down  from  an 
elevation  of  2500  feet,  by  a  slide  nearly  eight  miles 
and  a  half  in  length,  which  was  carried  across  three 
ravines,  one  of  them  150  feet  deep:  sometimes 
under  ground,  but  generally  following  the  tortuous 
projections  of  the  mountain,  its  declivity  varying, 
with  an  average  only  one  foot  in  17  feet  and  a  half; 
yet  trees  100  feet  in  length,  placed  root-end  fore- 
most into  the  trough  at  the  top,  were  discharged 
in  six  minutes  into  the  lake!  The  peace  of  1815 
rendered  this  magnificent  undertaking  unprofit- 
able, and  it  has  since  been  allowed  to  go  to  decay  : 
the  last  use  made  of  it  was  to  bring  down  timber 
to  be  employed  in  the  building  of  the  new  church 
and  spire  at  Alpnach.  We  saw  this  church — the 
finest  modern  ecclesiastical  structure  in  Switzer- 
land. 

From  the  village  of  Alpnach  the  road  ascends 
to  the  neat  little  Swiss  town  of  Sarnen,  situated 
at  the  northern  -extremity  of  its  lake.  Here  there 
is  a  saint  in  high  odour,  Nicolas  de  Flue  —  one 
who  was  born  in  the  neighbourhood  ;  and  how- 
ever true  the  proverb  may  be,  that  prophets  have 
no  honour  in  their  own  country,  it  is  clear  that 
it  does  not  apply  to  saints,  for  the  people  around 
the  lake  of  Sarnen  appear  never  to  have  heard  of 
any  other  object  of  adoration  than  St.  Nicolas  (Nic 
is  an  odd  name  for  a  saint!)  de  Flue. 

q2 


346  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

From  the  upper  extremity  of  the  lake  the  road 
abruptly  ascends  a  hill  called  the  Kaiserstuhl, 
which  forms  the  embankment  of  the  lake  of 
Lungern,  and  separates  it  from  the  lake  of  Sarnen. 
From  this  ascent,  the  lake  of  Sarnen,  Mont  Pi- 
late, and  the  distant  Rigi,  are  fine  objects.  At 
Lungern  the  road  ceased  to  be  practicable  for 
chars;  and  the  ladies  of  the  party  I  had  joined, 
having  hired  mules,  proceeded  with  guides ;  I 
went  on  foot  to  reach  the  Brunig  by  a  shorter 
road,  which  lies  through  scenes  that  are  beauti- 
ful, fi-om  their  retired  and  sylvan  character,  and 
in  wliicli,  for  some  time,  I  saw  nothing  to  remind 
me  of  my  proximity  to  the  Alps.  On  attaining 
the  summit  I  found  a  toll-house  and  a  station  of 
gens-d'armes :  they  appeared  to  be  out  of  place 
here.  The  view  from  the  station  is  very  beautiful. 
From  the  western  side  of  the  Brunis:  two  roads 
branch  off:  one,  on  the  right,  leads  to  the  lake  of 
Brientz ;  the  other,  to  Meyringen  and  the  Obei'- 
hasli.  The  party  that  had  ascended  by  the  mule- 
path  soon  joined,  and  we  altogether  proceeded  to 
Meyringen.  The  valley  in  which  this  village  is 
situated  was  presently  seen  below  us,  bounded  on 
the  right  by  the  mountains  of  the  pass  of  the  Grand 
Scheidegg — the  Wetterhorn,  and  Eiger,  and  in  the 
extreme  distance  by  the  glaciers  of  the  Aar  and 
the  mountains  of  the  Grimsel.  In  the  valley  to 
which  we  descended,  skirting  a  fine  forest,  we  saw 


MEYRINGEN.  347 

numerous  villages  and  pasturages.  The  situa- 
tion of  the  falls  of  the  Reichenbach  was  pointed 
out  to  us  ;  but,  large  as  are  the  masses  of  water 
when  near  them,  here,  from  the  magnitude  of  the 
objects  around,  they  were  almost  undistinguish- 
able.  We  reached  Meyringen  too  late  to  visit  the 
falls  before  dark. 


348  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 


«, 


CHAPTER  XXII. 


Falls  of  Reiclienbach  —  Imgrund  —  Ilandek  —  Falls  of  the  Aar 
—  Sclinaps  —  Ilollen-platte  —  Hospice  of  the  Grimsel  — 
Travellers  —  Todten-See  —  Glaciers  of  the  Rhone  —  Ober- 
wald  —  Obergestelen  —  Eginenthal — Glacier  of  the  Gries  — 
Lammergayer  ■ — Kehrbachi  —  Fall  of  the  Toccia  —  For- 
mazza  —  Val  Formazza  —  Val  Antigorio  —  St.  Marco  — 
Crevola — Val  d'Ossola. 


Sept.  9th. — I  engaged  a  guide,  HansSclimit,  to 
accompany  me  over  the  Grimsel,  the  Gi'ies,  and 
the  Simplon.  He  had  no  mule  of  his  own,  but  he 
borrowed  one  of  a  lad,  who  made  it  a  condition 
that  he  should  accompany  us,  not  with  any  con- 
sideration for  his  services,  but,  as  he  was  a  young 
guide,  to  become  acquainted  with  a  line  of  country 
he  had  not  visited.  Whilst  the  mule  was  oettin": 
ready,  Hans  conducted  me  across  the  valley  to  the 
falls  of  the  Reiclienbach  ;  but,  fine  as  they  un- 
questionably are,  there  was  nothing  so  striking  in 
their  locality  or  their  magnitude  as  to  make  them 
worth  any  extraordinary  trouble  to  visit. 

Meyringen,  not  far  from  the  head  of  the  Lake 
of  Brientz,   is  at  the  foot   of  the   Scheidegg,  tlie 


OBERHASLI.  349 

Brunig,  the  valleys  leading  to  the  Titlis,  and  the 
Oberhasli  leaduig  to  the  Grimsel :  it  is  well-culti- 
vated, richly  wooded,  and  abounding  in  celebrated 
waterfalls  and  fine  ruins.  The  Vale  of  Meyringen 
concentrates  as  much  of  what  is  alpine  in  its 
beauties  as  any  valley  in  Switzerland. 

]My  companions  across  the  Brunig  had  started 
early  for  Grindenwald  by  the  Grand  Scheidegg. 
In  ascending  towards  the  Grimsel  from  Meyrin- 
gen, the  head  of  the  plain  is  soon  attained,  and 
thence  the  road  rises  rather  abruptly  above  a  deep 
fissure  cut  by  the  Aar  through  the  rocks  which 
separate,  like  an  embankment,  the  vale  of  Mey- 
ringen from  that  of  Imgrund.  The  vievr  of  the 
former  valley  is  beautiful  from  the  ascent  to  this 
embankment ;  and  the  road  lies  amidst  numerous 
beeches  and  other  trees,  which  reminded  me  of 
similar  forest  scenes  in  England.  The  little  plain 
of  Imgrund  associates  with  itself  every  pleasurable 
emotion  which  a  pastoral  life  can  excite,  —  a  place 
where  Gesner  might  have  dreamt  his  life  away,  it 
seems  so  separated  from  the  busy  scenes  of  the 
world.  From  Imgrund  the  road  rapidly  ascends 
through  forests  of  larch  and  beech,  and  often  over- 
hangs at  a  great  height  the  deep  torrent  of  the 
Aar  ;  thence  descending  towards  the  river  in  a 
narrow  valley,  I  soon  reached  Guttanen,  the  last 
village  where  there  is  an  inn  in  the  ascent  to 
the  Grimsel.    Hei'e  I  rested  a  short  time.     From 


350  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

Guttanen,tlie  difficulties  of  the  road  and  the  steriHty 
of  the  valley  increase.  The  Aar  is  twice  crossed 
befoi'e  reaching  Handek,  where  a  few  chalets  are 
established  amidst  glaciers  and  cataracts,  and 
scenes  the  most  stupendous,  savage,  and  dreary. 
At  a  short  distance  from  the  chalets  is  the  great 
fall  of  the  Aar,  whei-e  two  torrents  joining  at 
the  head  of  the  "  hell  of  waters,"  fall  together 
with  a  hoi'rible  fracas  into  a  deep  gulf,  which 
the  traveller  can  overhang  from  some  project- 
ing rocks  above,  by  clinging  to  a  pine-tree  ;  but 
the  base  is  concealed  from  him  by  the  mist  that 
hovers  over  the  basin  which  receives  the  tor- 
rents. Deep  in  the  ravine  the  Aar  is  seen  to 
pass  on,  a  mere  line,  white  from  its  foaming 
amidst  the  rocks  that  confine  it :  beyond  lies  the 
distant  valley  and  the  mountains  which  bound  the 
horizon. 

The  fall  can  be  seen  from  below  at  a  station 
where  less  sense  of  danger  is  excited,  but  the  effect 
of  the  scene  is  not  so  striking  as  from  the  head  of 
the  cataract.  From  the  fall,  my  guides  introduced 
me  to  a  chalet  at  Ilandek  where  some  men  were 
engaged  with  a  still,  extracting  a  strong  spirit 
from  the  root  of  a  variety  of  gentian  :  they 
smacked  their  lips  in  approbation,  after  taking  off 
their  glasses  of  these  schnaps.  I  never  tasted 
any  thing  so  detestable ;  I  could  not  get  rid  of 
the  villanous  flavour  for  manv  hours. 


FALL  OF  THE  AAR HANDEK.       351 

Above  Hanclek  the  barren  and  savage  character 
of  the  valley  increases  ;  and  about  half  a  league 
beyond  the  chalets,  the  road,  rising  high  above 
the  torrent  of  the  Aar,  and  on  the  biink  of  a  preci- 
pice, passes  over  the  smooth,  convex,  and  inclined 
surfaces  of  masses  of  granite  of  great  extent;  these 
are  worn  smooth  by  avalanches  which  have  swept 
away  the  barriers  that,  from  time  to  time,  have 
been  raised  to  guard  the  traveller  in  this  fearful 
part  of  the  passage,  which  is  particularly  danger- 
ous when  the  surface  has  been  wet  and  has  frozen. 
I  dismounted  here  at  the  request  and  precaution 
of  my  guide,  as  a  slip  of  the  mule's  foot  would  be 
inevitable  destruction,  and  it  is  a  situation  in  which 
a  man  can  find  in  his  own  feet  greater  security. 
Hans  told  me,  that  upon  one  occasion  a  person 
whom  he  accompanied  chose  to  ride,  in  spite  of 
remonstrance  ;  the  mule  slipped,  the  guide  seized 
the  clothes  of  the  traveller,  whose  feet  were  fortu- 
nately out  of  the  stirrups,  and  saved  him  ;  but  the 
mule  fell  over  the  precipice  into  the  gulf,  and  was 
destroyed.  The  largest  surface  bears  the  name  of 
the  Hollen-platte,  and  is  120  paces  across. 

From  llandek  to  the  hospice  of  the  Grimsel,  the 
Aar  is  often  traversed  on  bridges,  which  appear  to 
be  ill  constructed,  and  in  situations  so  dreary  as  to 
excite  ideas  of  danger  which  do  not  in  reality  exist, 
though  the  foaming  torrent  of  the  Aar,  as  it  passes 
beneath,  would  leave  any  escape  from  accident 


352  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

hopeless.  There  is,  at  a  short  distance  from  the 
worst  of  these,  some  relief  from  this  idea  of  danger, 
if  not  from  dreariness,  at  a  little  pasturage  called 
Roderichs-boden  ;  about  a  league  beyond,  and  over 
a  road  still  rugged  and  sterile,  the  traveller  reaches 
the  hospice  of  the  Grimsel,  situated  6000  feet  above 
the  level  of  the  sea,  where,  during  what  is  con- 
sidered the  season,  scarcely  a  day  passes  without 
visitors ;  and  often  these  are  too  numerous  for  the 
accommodations  which  have  been  provided.  On 
my  way  from  Roderichs-boden  I  overtook  a  flock 
of  goats,  and  catching  one,  milked  her  into  my 
leathern  cup,  and  obtained  a  delicious  and  refresh- 
inij  draught. 

The  hospice  is  an  inn,  and  the  man  who  holds 
it  is  appointed  to  remain  there  from  oNIarch  to 
November,  to  assist  poor  travellers  gratis ;  the 
expense  is  met  by  subscriptions  in  Berne,  Geneva, 
and  other  cantons  of  Switzerland  :  the  situation  of 
the  hospice  is  extremely  dreary  ;  it  is  surrounded 
by  naked  rocks,  and  on  the  brink  of  a  little  dark 
lake,  rendered  darker  by  contrast  with  patches  and 
beds  of  snow,  which  lie  unmelted  through  the  year 
on  its  shores.  I  did  not  visit  the  glaciers  of  the 
Aar,  in  the  vicinity  of  the  hospice,  which  are  said 
to  deserve  an  examination  :  their  vast  extent,  in 
connexion  with  others,  exceeds  belief;  but  with- 
drawn from  the  world  as  these  tremendous  scenes 
are,  they  were,  nevertheless,  the  sites  of  military 


HOSPICE  OF  THE  GRIMSEL.  353 

manoeuvres  and  skirmishes  between  the  Austrians 
and  the  French,  during  the  campaigns  of  1799, 
where  hundreds  perished. 

At  the  hospice  I  found  several  English  ramblers, 
who  had  arrived  from  many  points — the  Furca, 
the  Valais,  and  the  Oberhasli,  and  whose  destina- 
tions in  the  morning  were  as  various.  At  a  table- 
d'hote  supper,  the  assembly  was  rather  motley : 
one,  who  talked  loud  and  long,  told  us  he  had, 
with  his  sister — a  red-faced,  stout,  vulgar-looking 
woman,  then  at  the  table  —  crossed  all  the  passes 
of  the  Alps.  I  enjoyed  the  fun  of  obtainhig  nega- 
tives to  my  inquiries  respecting  particular  passes, 
and  embarrassing  him  so  as  at  length  to  stop  his 
Volubility,  for  which  I  was  nearly  withered  by  a 
gorgon  look  fi'om  his  sister.  We  retired  early  to 
our  respective  chambers.  ■ 

\Oth. — The  morning  was  very  cold  ;  most  of 
the  travellers  met  to  tak^  coffee  before  their  de- 
parture. On  the  steps  of  the  hospice  I  saw  a  young 
woman,  whom  Hans  recognised  as  a  girl  from  the 
pave  at  Berne  ;  and  upon  his  inquiries  about  her 
being  at  the  hospice,  he  learnt  that  she  had  left  it 
to  accompany  the  Englishman  and  his  sister,  he 
having  promised  to  take  her  to  England  ;  but  that 
she  was  getting  tired  of  the  treatment  she  received, 
in  bearing  all  the  baggage  of  the  party,  and  walk- 
ing so  much.  They  were  going  to  cross  the  Furca; 
and  as  far  as  the  glaciers  of  the  Rhone,  they  started 


354  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

to  go  a  route  in  common  with  myself.  I  saw  the 
poor  wench  without  bonnet  or  cloak,  and  ap- 
parently witiiout  any  baggage  of  her  own,  laden 
with  that  of  both  her  companions,  and  dragging 
up  the  fat  sister,  who  had  taken  her  arm,  whilst 
the  gentleman  strolled  at  his  ease  and  his  leisure 
up  the  steep  path  to  attain  the  col  of  the  Grimsel. 
There  were  circumstances  about  the  party  which 
excited  the  attention  of  all,  but  a  mystery  which 
none  could  unravel.  Hans  thoug-ht  there  was  some- 
thing  about  it  as  villanous  as  it  was  vulgar. 

It  was  a  short  hour's  walk  from  the  hospice  to 
the  summit,  which  has  an  elevation,  according  to 
Saussure,  of  7224  English  feet.  Nothing  can  ex- 
ceed the  dreary  prospects  presented  to  us  there  — 
the  bare  and  rocky  ground,  relieved  only  by  patches 
of  snow  on  the  borders  of  a  small  still  lake  on  the 
Valais  side  of  the  mountain,  which  bears  a  name 
as  miserable  as  its  aspect,  the  2hdten-See;  and  be- 
yond the  I'ocks  which  surround  the  lake,  nothing 
is  seen  but  the  tops  of  the  mountains  in  the  chain 
of  the  high  Alps,  bare,  or  clothed  in  eternal  snows. 
"  On  I'appelle  Todten-Seelen,  ou  le  lac  des  moits," 
says  Saussure,  **  parce  qu'on  y  jette  les  corps  de 
ceux  qui  meurent  en  passant  la  montagne ;"  but 
Saussure  has  applied  this  name  in  error  to  the 
lake  on  the  borders  of  which  the  hospice  is  built, 
which  is  the  Klein-See ;  and  the  story  of  throwing 
the  dead  there  is  incorrect. 


GLACIERS  OF  THE  RHONE.  355 

From  the  summit  two  roads  diverge ;  the  one 
on  the  right  leads  direct  to  Obergestelen — that  on 
the  left  to  the  glaciers  of  the  Rhone,  The  descent 
to  these  glaciers  is  by  a  steep  and  rather  difficult 
path.  The  first  view  of  them  from  this  route  is, 
perhaps,  the  most  striking  in  which  they  can  be 
seen,  because  their  entire  mass  is  observed,  from 
the  summit  of  the  Galenstoc  to  the  base,  bounded 
on  the  sides  by  the  passage  of  the  Furca,  which 
leads  to  the  St.  Gothard.  The  source  of  the  Rhone 
is  usually  visited  from  below,  where  the  nearest 
mass  intercepting  the  highest,  leaves  an  impres- 
sion greatly  inferior  to  that  which  the  vast  whole 
produces.  From  the  glaciers  the  road  descends  to 
Oberwald,  at  first  across  a  marshy  little  plain,  and 
then  by  a  rapid  path  in  the  glen,  below  which 
the  Rhone,  already  a  torrent,  foams  its  way. 

After  descending  for  some  time  over  a  rudely 
paved  path,  and  through  a  little  pine-forest,  near 
a  chapel,  the  traveller  is  struck  by  a  beautiful  view 
of  the  Haut-Valais,  with  the  villages  of  Oberwald, 
Obergestelen,  and  the  mountains  of  the  high  range 
of  the  Alps,  extending  to  the  Simplon.  Near 
Oberwald  we  met  a  party  of  travellers  going  to 
the  source  of  the  Rhone,  and  thence  to  the  hospice 
of  the  Grimsel.  The  guides,  known  to  each  other, 
began  a  conversation,  which  became  general.  An 
elderly  gentleman  of  the  party,  upon  hearing  that 
I  was  going  to  cross  the  Gries,  begged,  if  1  met  a 


356  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

person  whom  he  descrihed,  tlmt  I  would  inform 
him  that  his  uncle  would  wait  for  him  at  the  hos- 
pice. This  gentleman  had  a  companion,  a  Greek: 
he  was  strolling,  with  his  hands  in  his  hi'eeches' 
pockets  —  listless,  uninterested,  and  utterly  out  of 
place  in  the  Alps. 

Oberwald  affords  no  resting-place ;  but  ac- 
commodation and  civility  very  different  from  that 
which  Saussure  experienced  there,  ("Voyages  dans 
les  Alps"),  is  now  offered  to  the  traveller  at  Ober- 
gestelen — a  village  which  was  a  great  depot  for 
cheese,  sent  from  Switzerland  across  the  Grimsel 
and  the  Gries  into  the  north  of  Italy  ;  but  the 
formation  of  the  great  roads  across  the  Alps  has 
lessened  the  traffic  which  was  formerly  carried  on 
over  the  passes  traversable  only  by  mules.  We 
rested  at  the  inn  to  refresh  the  mule  and  our- 
selves. 

To  proceed  towards  the  Gries,  we  crossed  the 
Rhone  a  little  below  Obergestelen,  and  descended 
through  a  forest  of  larches  on  the  left  bank  of 
tlie  river,  for  about  half  an  hour;  then  turning 
through  the  village  of  Imloch,  in  the  Eginenthal, 
a  valley  which  descends  from  the  Gries,  the  path 
rose  towards  this  mountain,  through  a  deep  glen, 
in  which  there  was  a  fine  w^aterfall,  and  amidst  vast 
larches,  part  of  whose  i*oots,  trunks,  and  branches, 
overhung  the  torrent  which  descends  from  the 
Gries,  and  added  greatly  to  the  wildness  of  this 


GLACIER  AND  SUMMIT  OF  THE  GRIES.         357 

part  of  the  passage.  Soon  after,  a  rapid  ascent 
led  us  above  the  vegetation  of  the  larch,  and  the 
scene  became  as  sterile  and  as  savage  as  the  ap- 
proach to  the  Grimsel  above  Handek.  In  this 
part  of  the  valley  I  met  the  expected  traveller  by 
the  Gries,  and  delivered  my  message,  for  which 
I  had  his  thanks,  and  the  offer  of  a  taste  from  his 
bottle  of  kirschen-wasser.  At  length  the  valley 
terminated  in  the  glacier  of  the  Gries,  which  ap- 
peared to  forbid  all  further  progress  ;  yet  the  route 
to  the  Val  Formazza  lay  directly  across  it.  On 
the  left,  and  before  arriving  at  the  glacier,  a 
difficult  mountain-path  led  across  the  Mont  Lu- 
vino  to  Naufanen,  and  by  the  Val  Bedretto  to 
Airolo,  at  the  foot  of  the  St.  Gothard.  Before 
climbing  the  last  ascent  of  the  Gries,  I  fortunately 
obtained  some  milk  at  a  chalet,  and  prepared  to 
proceed  on  foot,  as  neither  on  the  ascent  nor 
descent  would  riding  have  been  humane  or 
prudent. 

The  path  by  which  the  summit  of  the  Gi'ies 
was  to  be  gained  was  very  difficult,  though  prac- 
ticable for  laden  mules :  after  attaining  it,  on 
looking  back,  I  was  surprised  to  see,  on  the  left, 
high  above  the  valley  of  Egina,  and  higher  even 
than  the  glaciers  of  the  Gries,  chalets  and  rich 
mountain -pasturages,  speckled  with  cattle;  and 
beyond  the  valley  of  Egina,  which  I  had  tra- 
versed, I  saw  the  summits  of  the  mountains  of  the 


358  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

Oberland-Bernois.  A  i:)erfectly  safe  path  led,  in 
twenty  minutes,  across  the  glacier  of  the  Gries. 
Bare  and  scathed  rocks  rose  on  either  side  in 
terrible  grandeur  out  of  tlie  glaciers  to  an  im- 
mense height ;  the  silence  of  the  place  added 
greatly  to  its  sublimity ;  and  I  saw  in  this  most 
appropriate  spot,  one  of  the  large  eagles  of  the 
Alps,  the  lammergayer,  which  was  whirling  its 
flight  around  a  mountain-peak,  and  increased  the 
deep  emotion  excited  by  the  solitude  of  the  scene. 
The  river  Toccia  has  its  rise  in  the  glaciers  of 
the  Gries,  whence  it  flows  through  the  valleys  of 
Formazza,  Antigorio,  and  Ossola,  to  the  Lago 
Maggiore.  The  greatest  height  of  the  pass  is  7900 
feet  above  the  level  of  the  sea. 

After  leaving  the  glaciers,  the  road  that  pro- 
ceeded towai'ds  Italy  by  the  Val  Formazza  rapidly 
descended  the  side  of  the  mountain,  which  was 
very  steep ;  and  so  worn  were  the  paths  by  travel- 
lers and  cattle,  that  many  of  them  were  impass- 
able to  laden  mules,  as  the  ruts  were  narrow, 
and  so  deep  that  the  load  would  drag  or  rest  on 
either  side  of  the  bank  of  the  rut,  when  the  mule's 
feet  were  on  the  bottom  of  the  path;  in  many  places 
it  was  a  mere  gutter,  three  or  four  feet  deep,  with- 
out room  enough  for  the  arms  to  swing  freely  be- 
tween the  banks.  We  soon  arrived  at  the  bottom 
of  the  first  slope,  whence  we  successively  reached 
little  plains,  which  appeared  to  have  been  formed 


FALL  OF  THE  TOCCIA.  359 

where  mountain-falls  had  laid  barriers  or  embank- 
ments across  the  valley,  which  were  afterwards 
filled  up  by  deposits  from  the  torrent.  From  one 
of  these  little  plains  to  another  below  it,  the  de- 
scent was  rapid  and  sometimes  difficult.  They 
were,  considering  their  great  elevation,  rich  in 
pasturage ;  and  the  cheese  made  there  has  a 
great  celebrity.  These  plains  are  only  inhabited 
in  summer,  except  the  lowest,  where  a  little 
cluster  of  chalets,  called  Kehrbachi,  is  sometimes 
inhabited  throughout  the  year.  We  had  pre- 
viously passed  a  deserted  village  of  a  dozen  or 
twenty  chalets ;  and  this  addition  to  the  desola- 
tion of  the  high  valley  was  moi-e  dreary  and 
melancholy  than  any  spot  I  had  yet  visited  in  the 
Alps.  The  road  still  descended  steeply,  and  led 
to  another  plain,  where  the  trees  and  the  vege- 
tation of  a  lower  region  began  to  relieve  the 
tedium  which  the  dreary  passage  of  the  Gries 
produced,  and  after  passing  a  glen,  we  entered 
unexpectedly  upon  a  beautiful  little  plain,  where 
the  Toccia  flows  quietly  through  the  little  hamlet 
and  valley  of  Auf-der-Frut :  at  the  termination  of 
the  plain,  there  was  a  small  chapel  and  a  cross  on 
the  brink  of  a  shelf  of  rocks  of  great  depth  and 
extent.  But  the  famous  fall  of  the  Toccia  was  un- 
seen and  unsuspected  until  I  arrived  at  the  edge  of 
its  summit,  whence  a  difficult  and  zig-zag  path  led 
down  on  the  left  bank  of  the  torrent.     Saussure 


360  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

describes  this  fall  of  the  Toccia  as  the  most  re- 
markable cascade  in  the  Alps.  From  below,  the 
appearance  of  the  fall  was  very  striking,  though, 
perhaps,  not  very  picturesque ;  the  river  tumbles 
over  ledges  of  rock  in  a  cascade,  extending  at  least 
a  thousand  feet  in  length,  spreading  out  broadly 
at  its  base,  and  presenting  from  every  point  of 
view  a  remarkable  and  beautiful  scene.  About  an 
hour's  walk  below  the  fall  we  reached  Fructval, 
where  Hans  recommended  our  staying  for  the 
night,  and  where,  he  said,  we  could  obtain  better 
refreshment  and  better  accommodation  than  at 
Formazza,  though  this  was  a  larger  place,  and 
boasted  of  possessing  an  inn. 

Sept.  Wth. — The  misery  and  discomfort  of 
my  lodgings  at  Fructval  left  it  impossible  for 
my  imagination  to  descend  to  what  could  be  worse 
at  Formazza.  Before  I  started,  I  had  some 
conversation  with  mine  host,  who  described  the 
winters  here  as  being  very  severe :  he  pointed  out 
to  me  the  height  w^hich  the  level  snow  had  at- 
tained in  the  preceding  winter,  when  it  reached 
to  the  roof  of  his  house.  In  the  descent  from 
Fructval  to  Formazza,  a  deep  valley,  fringed  with 
pines,  lay  on  the  right  of  the  road,  and  beyond  it 
I  saw  the  village  of  Formazza  in  its  little  plain, 
lying  amidst  the  surrounding  mountains.  The 
language  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  upper  part  of 
this  valley  is  German,  and  below  Fopiano,  Italian  : 


VAL  FORMAZZA.  361 

the  traveller  sometimes  suffers  by  the  confusion 
which  arises  from  German  and  Italian  names 
being  given  to  one  place ;  thus  Formazza  and 
Al  Ponte,  in  Italian,  and  Zumsteck  and  Pommat, 
in  German,  are  all  names  for  the  same  village; 
its  distance  from  Obergestelen  is  about  eight  hours. 
Near  Fopiano,  the  road,  after  descending  through 
a  forest  of  firs,  crossed  the  torrent  by  a  bridge,  in 
a  very  wild  situation  :  vast  blocks  of  granite  filled 
the  bed  of  the  Toccia,  amidst  which  the  water 
forced  its  way,  and  passing  beneath  the  old  arch, 
made  in  its  descent  between  the  rocks  a  fearful 
noise.  The  scene  in  this  gorge,  for  a  short 
distance,  was  magnificent ;  below  it  the  valley 
widened,  and  the  road  continued,  often  amidst 
blocks  of  granite  of  such  enormous  magnitude, 
that  upon  one  of  these  the  ruins  of  a  feudal  castle 
remained ;  and  upon  several,  forest- trees  were 
growing.  In  one  place,  near  a  bridge  which 
leads  by  a  path  to  the  left  bank  of  the  river,  the 
road  passed  between  two  of  these  great  masses 
of  granite.  The  ruins  of  a  village,  which  had 
been  destroyed  by  a  mountain-fall,  lay  near  the 
road,  amidst  the  debris  which  had  overwhelmed 
it.  Observing  some  water-cresses  in  a  brook,  I 
was  tempted  to  rest  here,  and  with  a  biscuit  from 
my  bag  enjoyed  a  temperate  luncheon.  I  was 
amused  and  surprised  at  the  horror  expressed  by 
the  guides,  who  tried  to  dissuade  me  from  eating 

R 


362  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

what  they  assured  me  was  poisonous,  and  referred 
to  its  pungent  flavour  for  proof.  Is  it  possible 
that  this  delicious  salad  is  unknown  to  the  people 
of  Meyringen? 

A  little  beyond  where  the  character  of  wild- 
ness  and  confusion  was  produced  by  the  blocks 
which  strewed  the  valley,  between  which  the 
mule  wound  its  way,  a  vast,  smooth,  and  un- 
broken face  of  granite  rose  400  or  500  feet 
above  us,  and  in  one  place  actually  overhung 
the  road,  exciting  fearful  emotions.  From  the 
top  a  large  tabular  mass  projected  many  feet, 
of  which  the  plane  under  side  was  seen  from 
below,  threatening  one  day  to  fall  from  its  present 
apparently  insecure  station.  Pines  and  other 
forest- trees  are  growing  on  its  upper  surface, 
and  the  increasing  weight  of  these  will  perhaps 
hasten  the  catastrophe.  A  wise  precaution,  how- 
ever, had  been  adopted  against  this  probable 
accident:  a  picture  of  the  Virgin  had  been  fastened 
to  the  face  of  the  rock  below,  and  the  peasantry 
passed  now  with  perfect  confidence  beneath  it. 
A  little  beyond  St.  Rocco,  the  first  vines  an- 
nounced the  approach  to  Italy  :  walnut  and  chest- 
nut-trees attained  here  a  great  size,  and  vegetation 
was  luxurious. 

Near  St.  Michel  the  valley  widened,  and  we 
proceeded  through  some  beautiful  scenes,  not  im- 
proved by  a  Catholic  vagary  —  a  procession  of  the 


,  VAL  ANTIGORIO.  363 

villagers  to  a  Calvary.  Having  passed  through 
the  village  of  Premia,  we  crossed  the  river  which 
descends  from  Mont  Albrun,  and  falls  into  the 
Toccia  :  below  this  confluence  the  valley  loses  the 
name  of  Formazza,  and  takes  that  of  Antigorio. 
Nearly  a  league  from  the  confluence  was  the  vil- 
lage of  Crodo,  where  a  Sardinian  custom-house  was 
stationed.  Between  Crodo  and  St.  Marco  the  road 
twice  crossed  the  Toccia,  amidst  pleasing  and 
various  scenery,  where  the  air  was  perfumed  by 
the  purple  cyclamen,  which  covered  the  banks  and 
hedges  more  thickly  than  primroses  are  found  in 
England.  A  little  beyond  St.  Marco  a  prospect  of 
great  beauty  was  presented  :  in  the  distance  I  saw 
Domo  d'Ossola,  surrounded  by  the  fine  mountains 
which  bound  the  Val  d'Ossola ;  and  beneath  me 
lay  a  little  plain  watered  by  the  Toccia,  which 
flowed  through  it.  The  road  towards  Crevola 
continued  on  the  right  bank  of  the  river,  amidst 
scenes  of  great  richness  ;  and  at  every  turn  some 
beautiful  view  was  presented.  Near  Crevola  the 
road  from  St.  Marco  fell  into  the  great  route  of 
the  Simplon,  which,  after  passing  the  celebrated 
bridge  of  Crevola  upon  that  route,  led  to  the 
town  of  Domo  d'Ossola. 

The  pass  of  the  Gries  is  little  known,  and  no 
military  events  are  recorded  which  have  inflicted 
the  curses  of  war  upon  the  quiet  inhabitants  of 
the  Val  Formazza.      During  the  demand  for  the 


364  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

services  of  the  Swiss,  in  the  wars  of  the  15th 
century,  some  divisions  of  their  troops  passed  by 
the  Gries  ;  and  when  Switzerland  became  the 
scene  of  contest  between  the  Russians  and  the 
French,  the  latter  availed  themselves  of  this  pass 
for  the  march  of  a  portion  of  their  troops,  but 
no  sites  are  pointed  out  as  stained  by  battles. 
The  travelling  historian,  therefore,  may  be  dis- 
appointed in  his  passage  of  the  Gries ;  but  the 
artist,  and  the  lover  of  the  wild  and  the  beautiful 
in  nature,  cannot  fail  to  remember  with  pleasure 
the  scenes  presented  to  them  in  their  excursion 
by  this  passage  of  the  Alps. 


365 


CHAPTER  XXIII. 

Dorao  d'Ossola — A  Man  in  Authority  —  Bridge  of  Crevola  — 
Val  Dovedro  —  Gondo  —  Waterfalls  —  Great  Gallery  — 
Algaby  —  Siraplon  Village  —  Landlady  —  Ascent  to  the 
Summit — View  of  the  Bernese  Alps  —  Friends  en  route  — 
Brigg — Tourtemagne  — Valais  —  Lausanne — Steam-boat — 
Nyon —  Home. 

Sept.   \Zth.  —  I  had   sent  the  sei'vant  of  the 
post-house  where  I  slept,  to  the  station   of  cara- 
bineers, to  obtain  the  necessary  signature  to  my 
passport,  and  permission  for  my  guides  to   pass 
into   the  Valais  by  the  Simplon.      After  waiting- 
above  an  hour,  I  sent  again,  and  sent  Hans  with 
him  :  another  hour  was  wasted — the  commandant, 
they  said,  refused  to  be  disturbed.     This  did  not 
suit  my   English   feelings  ;    I   determined   to    go 
myself.     I  was  told  he  was  not  up,  and  I  could 
not  see  him.      I  insisted  upon  seeing  him,  as  I 
liad  already  been  detained  two  hours  beyond  the 
time  when  my  passport  ought  to  have  been  ready. 
[n  short,  I  made  a  row,  which  disturbed  the  chief, 
who  asked  what  the  matter  was  ;    and  learning 
tljat  I  was  a  traveller  applying  about  my  passport, 

R  2 


366  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

he  desired  me  to  walk  up  to  his  room,  where  he 
received  me  in  his  nightcap.  On  being  informed 
how  long  1  had  been  delayed,  he  apologised  in  the 
most  gentlemanly  way  for  the  inconvenience  he 
had  put  me  to,  and  declared,  that  until  my  own 
application  awoke  him  he  was  ignorant  that  any 
signature  had  been  applied  for.  It  was  imme- 
diately given;  and  whilst  I  was  there  the  persons 
who  had  refused  to  disturb  his  slumbers  were 
ordered  up  and  severely  reprimanded  for  having 
subjected  him  to  the  suspicion  of  incivility  and  dis- 
regard to  his  official  duties,  especially  when  they 
were  wanted  so  urgently  by  a  stranger.  The 
poor  understrappers  shrugged  their  shoulders,  and 
looked  as  if  they  had  witnessed  a  well-acted  lie. 

It  was  nearly  nine  o'clock  before  we  got  away. 
The  morning  was  fine.  We  retraced  our  route 
of  yesterday  to  the  bridge  of  Crevola,  and  then 
entered  the  Val  Dovedro,  and  turned  round  to 
take  leave  of  Italy  at  that  point ;  whence  every 
traveller  on  his  way  by  this  route  to  its  classic 
soils  first  sees  the  beautiful  Val  d'Ossola  lying 
before  him  ;  where  the  bridge  of  Crevola  is  seen, 
by  which  the  deep  gorge  of  the  Dovedro  is 
crossed  to  enter  the  plain  of  the  Val  d'Ossola; 
it  is  one  of  the  finest  structures  of  its  class  in 
the  world.  A  pier  is  built  from  the  bed  of  the 
torrent  to  the  height  of  100  feet;  resting  upon 
this,   and   the    magnificent   buttresses    which    are 


VAL  DOVEDRO,  367 

built  up  from  the  face  of  the  rocks  on  either 
side,  beams  of  the  imperishable  larch  are  thrown 
across,  and  carpentry  of  admirable  structure  sup- 
ports the  bridge.  It  is  one  of  the  few  works  of 
man  which,  surrounded  by  vast  objects  in  nature, 
is  not  driven  into  insignificance. 

Soon  after  leavino;  the  bridge  of  Crevola  we 
passed  the  village  of  Morgantino,  where  the  quar- 
ries are  worked  for  the  white  marble  used  at 
Milan  for  the  triumphal  arch  of  the  Strada  Sem- 
pione ;  thence  we  soon  reached  the  first  gallery, 
which  is  about  200  feet  long,  with  a  lateral 
opening  for  giving  light  to  the  passage.  Above 
this  place  the  valley  widened  and  soon  spread  out 
on  the  right  into  a  delightfully  wooded  plain,  in 
which  are  the  villages  of  Dovedro  and  V^arzo  : 
thence  we  proceeded  up  the  valley  :  after  cross- 
ing the  torrent  of  the  Cherasca,  the  rocks  closed 
abruptly  upon  us,  and  we  passed  through  a  fearful 
defile.  From  this  gorge  we  escaped  near  Tras- 
quera,  and  entered  upon  the  little  commune  of 
Isella,  where  the  Sardinian  custom-house  is  esta- 
blished on  the  frontier  :  here  our  passports  were 
examined. 

Above  Isella  the  real  hoi-rors  of  the  Val  Do- 
vedro beg;in.  We  soon  reached  the  villag-e  of 
Gondo,  where  a  strange-looking  lofty  building, 
like  a  great  tower,  serves  as  an  inn  and  a  place 
of  refuge  for  travellers  ;  here  we  rested  the  mule. 


368  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

The  sceneiy  around  and  near  Goiido  is  sublimely 
savaije.  A  torrent  rushes  out  on  the  left  and 
forms  a  magnificent  cataract.  One  of  the  sti'iking 
features  of  the  pass  of  the  Simplon  is  the  number 
and  variety  of  the  Avaterfalls  in  the  Val  Dovedro. 
Sometimes  they  gush  out  abruptly  from  some 
lateral  gorges,  and  mingle  their  torrents  furiously 
with  the  river  ;  at  others,  they  descend,  broken 
in  their  fall  into  mists,  from  the  height  of  the 
summits  of  the  vast  rocks  which  overhang  the 
road.  Some  are  seen  forming  cascades,  and  mov- 
ing in  white  foaming  lines  down  the  smooth  faces 
of  rocks  which  slope  into  the  Dovedro. 

After  leaving  Gondo,  we  turned  rather  abruptly 
into  one  of  the  finest  parts  of  the  pass,  where  the 
rocks  rise  like  towers  abruptly  from  the  valley, 
and  threaten  to  overwhelm  the  traveller.  Here 
the  road  is  admirably  constructed  upon  the  debris 
of  these  overhanging  masses.  Ascending  by  a  zig- 
zag course,  we  soon  reached  the  celebrated  gallery 
of  Gondo,  which  we  entered  by  a  bridge  thrown 
across  the  cataract  of  the  Frassinone,  that  descends 
from  a  great  height  above,  and  falls  at  least  100 
feet  below  the  bridge,  into  the  torrent  of  the  Do- 
vedro. The  immediate  approach  to  the  gallery  from 
the  Italian  side  offers  perhaps  the  finest  assemblage 
of  objects,  to  excite  an  emotion  of  tbe  sublime,  that 
is  any  where  to  be  found  in  the  Alps;  yet  a  part  of 
its  effect  is  lessened  by  seeing  it  some  time  before 


GREAT  GALLERY  NEAR  GONDO.       369 

the  gallery  is  entered.  Having  gone  into  Italy  by 
this  route  in  1821,  my  recollection  is  vivid  of  the 
unexpected  and  awful  impression  received  from 
this  scene,  by  my  bursting  suddenly  upon  it  from 
the  gallery  ;  and  I  feel  that,  divesting  myself  of 
all  consideration  of  a  lessened  interest  from  a  re- 
visit and  a  want  of  novelty,  the  scenery  of  the 
Val  Dovedro  is  much  finer,  from  the  more  sud- 
den changes  in  the  scenes,  on  ajDproaching  Italy, 
than  on  leaving  it  by  the  pass  of  the  Simplon. 

The  gallery  itself  is  nearly  600  feet  long:  there 
are  two  lateral  openings  to  illuminate  it.  Looking 
out  from  these,  the  abyss  is  awful,  and  the  roar  of 
the  waters  beneath  appalling.  Opposite  to  one  of 
the  openings  cut  in  the  rock,  is  a  memento  of  its 
completion — ^re  italo  mdcccv. 

Gangs  of  workmen  at  each  extremity,  relieving 
one  another  day  and  night,  worked  eighteen  months 
in  the  formation  of  this  extraordinary  excavation. 
Above  the  gallery  the  torrent  is  crossed,  and  the 
road  ascends  for  some  way  on  the  right  bank  of 
the  river,  beneath  the  overhanging  rocks,  which 
almost  conceal  the  heavens,  and  high  above  the 
torrent  which  foams  in  the  gulf  below :  this  is  par- 
ticularly observed  at  the  Ponte  Alto,  one  of  the 
finest  bridges  in  the  defile.  Throughout  this  pas- 
sage there  have  been  constructed,  in  various  places, 
about  two  leagues  apart,  large  buildings  as  houses 
of  refuge  for  travellers  overtaken  by  bad  weather. 


370  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

Of  these   there   are   seven   in   the   course   of  the 
route. 

After  crossing  the  Ponte  Alto,  the  road  as- 
cends on  the  left  bank  to  the  gallery  of  Algaby, 
where  the  horrors  of  the  Val  Dovedro  terminate; 
for,  having  passed  the  Krumbach,  the  torrent 
which  descends  from  the  Simplon,  the  road  makes 
a  detour  into  a  ravine,  and  thence  rises  rapidly  to 
the  village  of  Simplon.  Here,  though  we  arrived 
rather  early,  my  guides  entreated  that  I  would  rest 
for  the  night,  as  the  journey  had  been  incessant  for 
the  mule  and  themselves.  I  had  a  great  desire  to 
descend  to  Brigg;  I  dreaded  detention,  from  a 
change  of  weather,  for  certain  prognostics  led  me 
to  expect  that  the  fine  skies  I  had  so  long  been 
indulged  with,  were  about  to  cease  ;  and  I  sus- 
pected the  plan  of  resting  at  Simplon  was  to  gain 
another  day  of  employment;  I  therefore  offered  to 
pay  two  days  for  one  if  they  would  proceed  :  they 
preferred  remaining,  and  I  agreed  to  stop,  though 
not  without  some  miso-ivino-  of  the  sort  of  treat- 
ment  I  should  receive  from  madame,  who  had  been 
so  unlucky  as  to  get  a  bad  name,  which  had  been 
scratched  upon  all  the  walls  and  glass  of  the 
inns  on  the  line  of  road,  describing  her  as  very 
uncivil  and  extortionate.  These  hints  in  dooo-erel 
and  in  prose  must  have  done  her  mischief;  it  had 
alarmed  me.  We  entered  the  inn.  She  appeared 
a  portly  dame,  well-dressed  a  la  mode  Fran^aise, 


INN  AT  SIMPLON.  371 

who  might  have  passed  for  a  commander-in-chief 
of  such  an  establishment  upon  the  Bath  road.  She 
shewed  me  an  excellent  bed-room,  and  asked  at 
what  price  I  would  dine,  as  she  served  at  five 
and  six  francs ;  or,  if  I  would  wait  for  the  table- 
d'hote,  at  half-past  six,  at  four  francs.  If  the 
anger  against  her  is  for  extravagant  charges,  her 
conduct  to  me  at  least  was  perfectly  fair.  I  told 
her  that  I  was  too  hungry  to  wait  for  the  table- 
d'hote,  that  I  really  wanted  a  good  dinner,  and 
I  left  it  to  herself  to  charge  me  justly.  In  the 
salle-a-manger  was  a  party  that  had  arrived  en 
voiture :  two  of  them  were  priests;  and  two  more 
unprincipled  rascals  never  betrayed  their  cha- 
racters, or  dishonoured  their  calling,  than  these 
did  by  their  conversation. 

Sept.  \Ath. — We  left  early,  after  I  had  taken 
coffee  and  paid  a  fair  and  moderate  bill,  in  which 
my  excellent  dinner  was  charged,  though  left  to  her- 
self, the  lowest  price  she  had  named ;  and  when  it  is 
considered  that  her  table  was  supplied  with  viands 
brought  twenty  miles,  it  would  be  injustice  not  to 
say  that  my  prejudices  against  the  hostess  were 
removed  ;  but  though  I  was  content,  my  guide 
and  the  lad  who  owned  the  mule  were  not.  Poor 
Ritz  Better,  the  latter,  ended  his  abuse  of  the  ex- 
tortionate charges  made  upon  him  by  a  hearty 
cry,  to  which  Hans  added  all  the  curses  he  could 


372  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

bring  to  bear  upon  the  landlady's  conduct  and 
character. 

It  was  a  fine  fresh  morning.  As  we  ascended 
from  the  village  to  the  summit  of  the  Simplon, 
we  saw  the  Rosboden  and  its  glaciers  on  the  left, 
mentioned  in  most  guide-books  as  Monte  Rosa, 
which,  however,  cannot  be  seen  from  the  Sim- 
plon route.  We  soon  entered  upon  the  more  open 
part  of  the  mountain  pasturages,  leaving  below  us 
on  the  left  the  old  hospice,  and  shortly  after  passed 
the  site  of  the  new  one,  in  which  no  progress  has 
been  made  since  1821.  The  summit,  Avhich  is  6562 
feet  above  the  level  of  the  sea,  is  exposed  to  dread- 
ful storms,  and  it  was  for  protection  against  these 
that  the  plan  of  a  hospice  was  laid  out,  and  the 
building  commenced  by  order  of  Napoleon  ;  but 
little  beyond  raising  the  walls  above  the  founda- 
tion was  accomplished :  its  plan  extended  to  two 
hundred  feet  in  length,  and  seventy  feet  in  width ; 
it  was  intended  to  have  been  three  stages  high. 
Fifteen  persons,  monks  and  domestics,  were  to 
have  formed  the  establishment,  and  have  been 
dependent  upon  the  Great  St.  Bernard ;  but  it 
has  been  long  delayed,  if  not  relinquished. 

Not  far  from  the  new  hospice  is  a  refuge,  and 
the  toll-house  or  barrier,  where  six  fi-ancs  are  paid 
for  each  horse  —  a  tax  levied  for  the  conservation 
of  the  road.     Close  to  the  barrier  the  first  view  is 


VIEW  OF  THE  BERNESE  ALPS.  373 

obtained  of  the  Valais  side  of  the  mountain  :  far 
distant,  and  in  the  lowest  depth  of  the  scene  the 
town  of  Naters,  in  the  valley  of  the  Rhone,  is 
perceived ;  above  and  beyond  rose  in  magnificent 
array  the  grandest  portion  of  the  Bernese  Alps, 
including  the  Breithorn,  the  Jungfrau,  and  the 
Monch,  crested  with  their  glaciers,  especially  those, 
so  extensive  and  distinguished,  of  the  Alesch.  On 
the  right  the  route  of  the  Simplon  was  seen  wind- 
ing down  the  mountain  side,  and  on  the  left  the 
vast  form  of  the  Glyshorn  bounded  this  most  ex- 
traordinary alpine  scene,  of  which  I  had  full  enjoy- 
ment dui'ing  the  time  that  the  guides  were  settling 
about  the  mule  at  the  barrier.  A  French  traveller, 
on  his  way  from  Italy,  stood  with  me  gazing  on 
the  wondrous  prospect.  Whilst  we  yet  looked, 
enormous  clouds  began  to  form,  and  roll  down 
the  side  of  the  Glyshorn  in  immense  volumes  : 
the  effect  was  one  of  the  finest  I  ever  witnessed ; 
but  it  was  also  a  hint  to  hasten  our  departure. 
We  soon  passed  the  Glacier  Gallery,  which  I 
found  workmen  extending,  by  building  covered 
ways  beyond  the  excavation,  to  guard  against  the 
fall  of  avalanches,  to  which  this  part  of  the  road 
is  exposed.  This  gallery  is  called  the  Glacier 
Gallery,  from  its  proximity  to  the  glaciers ;  not 
as  Mrs.  Starke  said,  in  the  early  editions  of  her 
work,  because  it  was  "  cut  through  solid  masses 
of  ice!" 

s 


374  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

The  road  here  is  admirably  constructed .  The 
streams  descending  from  the  glaciers  of  the  Schlhi- 
horn,  are  carried  below  the  road  by  aqueducts. 
Soon  after  I  had  passed  the  Schalbet  gallery,  y\e 
met  a  carriage  ascending;  I  was  recognised  by 
the  travellers  within  it,  and  saluted  by  a  hearty 
laugh,  occasioned,  I  susjiect,  by  my  grotesque 
appearance  so  near  the  end  of  my  rambles  this 
season.  I  rode  up,  and  had  the  pleasure  of 
meeting  two  friends,  R.  A.s,  thus  far  from  home, 
on  their  way  to  Italy.  After  some  hasty  in- 
quiries we  parted :  already  the  change  of  weather 
had  commenced,  and  the  clouds  soon  concealed 
the  grand  objects  around  us.  We  rested  a  short 
time  at  Bersal,  and  then  continued  our  descent, 
reaching  Brigg  early  enough  to  detei'mine  me 
to  make  what  progress  I  could  down  the  Valais 
while  it  was  light.  I  discharged  my  good-tem- 
pered civil  guides  at  Brigg,  who  proposed  re- 
turning up  the  Valais  to  the  Grimsel  to-morrow  ; 
and  ordering  a  char,  M^as  driven,  in  a  mizzling 
I'ain,  as  far  as  Tourtemagne,  where  I  was  sheltered 
in  a  tolerable  inn. 

I5th.  —  The  fine  weather  had  broken  up  in 
the  mountains,  and  I  hastened  to  get  out  of  the 
valleys.  I  engaged  a  char  to  take  me  to  Sion, 
and  drove  there  inclosed,  for  protection  from  the 
weather ;  by  this  I  lost  nothing,  as  the  surrounding 
objects  were  concealed  by  the  clouds  and  rain.    I 


LAUSANNE.  375 

« 

reached  Sion  eai^.,  and  met  at  the  table-d'hote 
the  Frenchman  \\«Jo  had  gazed  with  me  the  day  be- 
fore on  the  extraordinary  formation  of  clouds  on  the 
Glyshorn.  He  proposed  my  joining  him  in  a  voi- 
ture,  the  driver  agreeing  to  take  us  to  St.  Maurice 
before  eight  o'clock,  which  we  accomplished.  On 
the  16th  I  left  St.  Maurice  at  five  o'clock  in  the 
morning  by  a  diligence  for  Vevay.  We  rested  to 
breakfast  at  Bex.  My  companions  were  agree- 
able, particularly  a  young  French  artist  returning 
from  Italy.  On  my  arriving  at  Vevay,  I  ordered 
a  char  to  take  me  in  haste  to  Lausanne,  before  the 
departure  of  the  steam-boat  for  Geneva,  and  we 
reached  the  capital  of  the  PaysdeVaud  in  time,  if 
it  had  started,  but  I  was  told  by  the  master  of  the 
Hotel  du  Faucon  that  it  would  not  depart  that  day. 
Not  suspecting  that  for  so  beggarly  a  considera- 
tion as  detaining  me  at  his  table-d'hote,  he  would 
tell  a  lie,  I  made  up  my  mind  to  dine  at  Lau- 
sanne, and  proceed  quietly  afterwards  in  a  char. 
I  dined,  and  met  some  agreeable  people  ;  but  a 
conversation  with  one  of  them  led  to  the  suspi- 
cion that  I  had  been  deceived  by  the  landlord  ; 
and  upon  inquiry,  I  learnt,  two  hours  after  my 
arrival  at  Lausanne,  that  the  steamer  had  just 
started,  and  that  I  might,  by  getting  to  INIorges 
before  it,  be  taken  on  board.  I  ordered  another  char 
and  hastened  from  Lausanne  to  effect  this  object ; 
I  saw  the  steamer  pass  Morges — I  was  five  minutes 


•376  EXCURSIONS  IN  THE  ALPS. 

too  late  !  Wlien  I  i-eached  Nyon,  the  innkeeper 
advised  me  to  stay  there,  as  the  gates  of  Geneva 
would  be  closed  before  I  could  arrive.  I  began 
to  suspect  the  information  of  all  innkeepers  ;  but, 
upon  further  inquiry,  thought  it  advisable  to  stay, 
as  the  Paris  diligence,  by  Dole,  would  pass  through 
at  eight  o'clock  on  the  following  morning,  and  I 
might  be  able  to  obtain  a  place  for  France.  On 
the  mornino;  of  the  1 7th  I  was  fortunate  enouoh 
to  find  one  in  the  cabriolet.  I  reached  Paris  on 
the  19th,  and  home  on  the  24th  of  September. 


THE   END. 


LONDON: 

J.    MOVES,   CASTI.E  STREET,  LEICESTER    SQUARE. 


Lately  Published, 

ILLUSTRATIONS 

OF 

THE    PASSES   OF    THE    ALPS, 
By  W.  BROCKEDON, 

MEMBER    OF    THE    ACADEMIES    OF    FINE    ARTS    AT    FLORENCE 
AND   AT    ROME. 


NOTICE. 

The  Passes   of   the  Alps  contains  Nixety-six  Engra- 

viNGS*  of  scenes  selected  for  their  beauty,  sublimity,  and  in- 
terest, from  numerous  sketches  made  by  the  Author  during  se- 
veral journeys  undertaken  for  the  exclusive  purpose  of  the  ^Vork. 
These  journeys  iu  the  Alps,  and  researches  for  his  Work,  have 
occupied  many  years ;  and  during  the  Summers  of  1824, 1825, 182(», 
1828,  1829,  he  traversed  the  Alps  nearly  sixty  times,  and  crossed 
the  great  barrier  to  Italy  by  above  thirty  different  Passes. 

This  Work,  which  is  particularly  interesting  to  the  historian 
and  the  traveller,  illustrates,  among  others,  the  Passes  by  which 
Hannibal,  Francis  the  First,  and  Napoleon,  entered  Italy  ;  and  it 
displays  some  of  the  wild  and  sequestered  scenes  of  the  Alpine 
routes  which  are  little  known  in  England,  as  well  as  those  by 
■which  a  journey  to  Italy  is  usually  made:  it  contains  also  His- 
torical and  Topographical  notices,  and  3Iaps  of  Fifteen  of  the 
Passes,  as  well  as  a  General  31ap  of  the  Alps.  The  very  great 
success  of  its  sale,  and  the  uimieasured  terms  of  ajiprobation  and 
kindness  with  which  it  has  been  reviewed,  induce  the  Author 
to  believe  that  he  has  been  successful  in  obtaining  that  favourable 
opinion  of  his  Work  which  he  has  endeavoured  to  deserve. 

Contents  of  Vol.  I.  Contents  of  Vol.  II. 

The  Pass  of  the  Little  Sc.  Bernard.         The  Pass  of  the  Corniie. 
The  Pass  of  the  Mont  Gendvre.  l\[l  Pas.es  of  the  Orimsel  and  theCrics. 

Ti     r.         r.i     1,,      .^     •  Tlie  P.assesof  theSt.Bernardinand  the 

The  Pass  of  the  Mont  Cents.  Sphigen. 

The  Pass  of  the  Mont  St.  Gothard.         The  Piiss  of  the  Brenner. 

The  Pass  of  the  Great  St.  Bernard.         '^^^^   Passes   of  the  Tende  and   the 

The  Pass  of  the  Stelvio.  Thep'TonUe  Shnplon. 

This  Work  contains  about  fifty  Plates  and  Maps  more  than 
any  "  Scciienj,''  or  illustrated  work  of  a  similar  class,  published 
at  the  same  price. 

The  Price  of  the  Work  in  Two  Volumes,  boarded  in  cloth, 
and  lettered  : 

Imperial  8vo.  •   10  Guineas. 

Royal  4to,  proofs  l."i    do. 

Uoyal  4to,  proofs  on  India  paper  •  ■  20    do. 

Imperial  4to,  before  the  letters 30    do. 

Ditto,  with  etchings    40    do. 

Colonibier  folio,  with  Etchings    ••  (iO    do. 


An  early  application  is  necessary  to  secure  copies,  especially 
Proofs,   as   !)ut  few   remain,   and   tlie  Work   is  entirely   in  the 
Authoi-'s  hands.     Persons  desirous  of  jiurchasing,  are  re(|uested 
to  send  to  W.  1?uockedon,  29,  Devonshire  Street,  Queen  Square 
Bloomsbury,  or  to  tiieir  respective  ISouksellers. 

•  For  list  of  the  Subjects  of  the  Plates,  see  back. 

s  2 


THE    PLATES 


CONTAINED    IN 


THE  PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS. 


VOLUME  I. 


Pass  of  the  Little  St.  Bei-nard. 

1.  Scene  in  the  Pass  near  La  Tuille. 

Title  Vignette. 

2.  Vale  of  Oresivaudan,  from  the  Cha- 

teau Bayard. 
:i.  Roche  Blanche. 
4.  Val  de  Centron  and  Mont  Iseran, 

from  the  Little  Saint  Bernard. 
.").  Colonne  de  Jou.x,  and  Hospice  of 

the  Little  Saint  Bernard, 
ti.  Mont  Blanc,  from  the  Baths  of  St. 

Didier. 

7.  Mont   Blanc,  and  the  Val  d'Aosta 

above  Fort  Roc. 

8.  Ascent  of  the  Little  St.Bemard  from 

the  Tarentaise.     End  Vignette. 

9.  Map  of  the  Route  from  Grenoble  to 

Aosta. 


Pass  fifths  Mont  Genevre. 

10.  Fall  of  the  Roraanrhe,  near  Villard 

d'Arune.     Title  Vignette. 

11.  Fort  of  Fenestrelles. 

1:?.  Col  ds  Sestriere,  from  the  Ascent  to 
the  Mont  Genevre. 

I'i.  Brianf'in,  from  the  road  to  Le  Mo- 
ncsiier. 

U.  V^l  de  Guisane,  from  the  Co!  de 
Lautaret. 

1.").  S.^cne  in  the  Val  Romanche. 

li;.  Approach  to  Grenoble  from  Vizille. 

17.  Obelisk  on  the  Mont  Genevre.  End 
Vignette. 

IH.  Map  of  the  Route  from  Turin  to 
Grenoble,  by  Fenestrelles,  the 
Mont  Genevre,  and  the  Val  Ro- 
manche. 


Pass  of  the  Mont  Cenix. 

YX  Plain    of  the    Mont    Cenis.    Title 

Vignette. 
2U.  Lyons,  from  the  confluence  of  the 

Rhone  and  Saone. 
21.  Monlmoillan. 
21.  Fort  near  Bramante. 
2.i.  Ascent  of  the  Grand  Croix,  from  the 

Plain  of  Saint  Nicholas. 
24.  Mona.stery  near  Saint  Anibrogio. 
2j.  Turin,  from  the  Hill  of  the  Superga. 
2G.  A  Roman  Tower  at  St.  Michel.  End 

Vignette. 
27.  Map  of  the  Route  from  Lyons  to 

Turin,  by  the  Mont  Cenis. 


Pass  of  the  Mont  St.  Guthard. 

28.  The  Devil's  Bridge.  Title  Vignette. 

29.  Bellinzona,  from  Sementina. 

30.  Airolo  and  the  Val  Levantine. 

31.  Ponte  Tremola. 

32.  Summit  of  the  Mont  St.  Gothard. 

33.  Scene  in  the  Valley  of  the  Reuss, 

above  Goschenen. 

34.  Tell's  Chapel,  from  the  Lake  of  Uri. 

35.  Tell's  Tower,  Altorf.  End  Vignette. 
;i6.  Map  of  the  Route  from  the  Lago 

Maggiore  to  the  Lake  of  Uri. 


Pass  of  the  Great  St.  Bernard. 

St.  Hospice  on  the  Great  St.  Bernard. 
'1  itie  Vignette. 

38.  The    Valley    of  the   Rhone   above 

Martigny. 

39.  Scene  in  the  Forest  of  St.  Pierre. 

40.  Scene  from  the  Hospice  of  St.  Ber- 

nard. 

41.  Scene  in  the  descent  to  Italy,  from 

the  Great  St.  Bernard. 

42.  The  Valley  and  City  of  Aosta,  from 

the  Chateau  Quart. 

43.  Chateau  of  Saint  Germains.from  the 

Defile  of  Mont  Jovet. 

44.  Gate  of  Bourg  St.  Pierre.    End  Vig- 

nette. 

45.  Map  of  the  Route  from  Martigny  to 

Ivrea,  by  the  Great  St.  Bernard. 


Pass  of  the  Stelvio. 


4G, 


Galleries  in  the  Wurmer-loch.  Title 

Vignette. 
47.  The  Vale  of  Mer.in,  from   the  Old 

Castle  of  Tyrol. 
The  Oriler-spitz,  from  the  summit 

of  ihf  Stelvio  Pass. 
The  Baths  of  Bormio. 
Sondrio. 
Lecco. 

52.  Como,  from  the  road  to  E  ba. 

53.  The  t  bateau  of  Gastinb  II.     End 

Vignette. 

54.  Map  of  the  Route  from  Botzen  to 

Milan,  by  the  Pass  of  the  Stelvio. 


48 

49. 

50. 
51. 


Plates  conlained  in  the  Passes  of  the  Alps. 
VOLUME    II. 


Pass  of  the  Cornice. 

55.  Pont  St.  Louis,  near  Menton.  Title 
Vignette. 

j(J.  Cogoleto — the  birth-place  of  Colum- 
bus. 

57.  Scene  from  the  Capo  Nero. 

bii.  Ventimiglia,  and  the  Coast  looking 
towards  [Vice. 

59.  Mortole. 

60.  Tropha;a  Augusti,  at  Turbie. 
t;i.  Nice. 

Hi.  MartcUo  Tower,  on  the  Coast   of 

Genoa.     End  Vignette. 
d3.  Map  of  the  Route  from  Genoa  to 

Nice,  by  the  Cornice. 


Passes  of  the  Grimscl  and  the  Gries. 

64.  Scene  from  the  Aar-fall,  near  Han- 

dek.     Title  Vignette, 
(j,).  The  Vale  of  Meyringen,  from  the 

Bruiiig. 
6(i.  The  Fall  of  the  Toccia,  near  For- 

mazza. 
()7.  Forinazza. 
tin.  Scene  near  Fopiano. 
H'.).  Scene  near  Rocca. 
71).  Val  d'Ossola,  from  St.  Marco. 

71.  Glaciers  of  the  Rhone.     End  Vig- 

nette. 

72.  Map  of  the  Route  from  Lucerne  to 

Domo  d'Ossola,   by  the  Grimsel 
and  the  Gries. 


Passes  of  the  St.  Bei-nardin  and  the 
Sjilugen. 

73.  The  Verlohren  Loch,    in    the  Via 

Mala.    Title  Vignette. 

74.  Coire. 

75.  The  Summit  of  the  St.  Bcrnardin. 
7(!.  The  Fall  of  the  Moesa. 

77.  The  Castle  and  Valley  of  Misocco. 

7H.  Lugano. 

79.  Scene  from  the  Descent  of  the  Splu- 

gcn. 
(!0.  Covered  Bridge  on  the  Hinter-Rhin 

at  Splugcn.     End  Vignette. 
CI.  Map  of  the  Routes  of  the  St.  Ber- 

nardin  and  the  Splugen. 


Pass  of  the  Brenna: 

82.  Scene  near  Primolano,  Val  Sugana. 

Title  Vignette. 

83.  Scene  from  the  Schonberg. 

84.  Post-house  on  the  Brenner. 

85.  Castle  of  Trostberg,  near  Kollmann. 
8().  Trent. 

87.  Scene  from  the  Monte  Porgine. 

88.  Bassano. 

89.  Castle  of  Salurn,  near  Newmarkt. 

End  Vignette. 

90.  Map  of  the  Routes  from  Inspruck 

to  Verona,  and   from  Trent  to 
Bassano. 


Passes  of  the  Tende  and  the  Argentiere. 

91.  Scene    in    the   Defile   of  Saorgio. 

Title  Vignette. 

92.  Saorgio. 

93.  Tende. 

94.  La  Ca,  on  the  Col  de  Tende. 

95.  Fort  Delmont  and  the  Valley  of  the 

Stura,  from  Venadio. 
fiG.  Scene  iti  the  Valley  of  the  Ubaye. 

97.  Tlie  Valley  of  the  Durance,  from 

the  ascent  to  Vars. 

98.  Scene  near  Zambucco.    End  Vig- 

nette. 

99.  Map  of  the  Passes  of  the  Tende  and 

the  ArgenLiere. 


Pass  of  the  Simplon, 

100.  The   Great  Gallery  near  Gondo. 

Title  Vignette. 

101.  Scene    from    the  Summit    of  the 

Siniplon. 

102.  Scene  in  the  Defile  of  Dovedro. 

103.  Val  d'Ossola  and  the  I'onte  Crevola. 

104.  Lago  Maggiore,   from    tlie    Sacra 

Monte  da  Santo  Carlo. 

105.  The  Lake  of  Orta,  from  above  Buc- 

cione. 
lOtJ.  The  Alps,  from  near  Somma. 

107.  The  Pisse-vachc,  from  the  Village 

of  Micvillc.     End  Vignette. 

108.  Maj)  of  the  Route  from  Geneva  to 

Milan  by  the  Simplon. 

109.  General  Map  of  the  Great  Chain  of 

the  Alps. 


ITALY. 


JUST  PUBLISHED, 

.    A  NEW  ILLUSTRATED  ROAD-BOOK 

OF  THE 

ROUTE  FROM  LONDON  TO  NAPLES, 

CONTAINING  TWENTV-FOVR  UIGIILV  FINISHED   VIEWS: 

jFrom  ©ligiiial  Sratoings  fiB 
PROUT,    STANFIELD,   ano   BROCKEDON, 

OF  SCENES  BETWEEN  LONDON  AND  NAPLES; 

'Engiabe'D  fin 
WILLL\M  AND  EDWARD  FINDEN. 


EDITED    BY 

Mr.  BROCKEDON, 


AUTHOR   OF   "   THE   PASSES  OF  THE  ALPS,"  ETC. 


Two  Nus.  only  have  yet  been  publislied  ;  hut  the  Editor  trusts 
that  arrangements  are  now  making  hy  which  the  Work  will  very 
soon  be  produced  to  the  Public  in  a  complete  form  ;  and  for  the 
previous  Subscribers  the  last  Three  Numbers  will  be  published 
together.  The  delay  which  has  occurred  in  its  completion  is  in 
no  way  whatever  attributable  to  the  Editor  ;  for  he  has  never  had 
the  slightest  control  over  the  publication  of  the  AVork.  He  feels 
that  it  is  due  to  himself,  to  state  this,  as  he  has  never  made  an 
engagement  of  this  sort  with  the  Public  which  he  has  not  strictly 
and  faithfully  kept. 


PUBLISHED  BY 

JAMES   DUNCAN, 

37,  PATERNOSTER  ROW. 


I.  MEMORIALS  of  the  PROFESSIONAL  LIFE 
and  TIMES  of  Sir  WILLIAM  PENN,  Knight,  Admiral  and 
General  of  the  Fleet  during  the  Interregnum;  Admiral,  and 
Commissioner  of  the  Admiralty  and  Navy  after  the  Restora- 
tion. From  1644  to  1670.  By  Granville  Penx,  Esq.  In 
Two  Vols.  8vo.  1/.  16s. 

Also,  edited  by  the  same  Author, 
THE  CHARACTER  of  a  TRIMMER.  His  Opinion 
of,  1.  The  Laws  and  Government;  2.  Protestant  Religion; 
3.  The  Papists;  4.  Foreign  Affairs.  By  the  Honourable  Sir 
William  Covektry,  Knight.  First  printed  in  1687.  Bvo, 
uniform  with  tVie  above,  5s. 

II.  HISTORY  PHILOSOPHICALLY  ILLUS- 
TRATED, from  the  Fall  of  the  Roman  Empire  to  the  French 
Revolution.  By  Geouoe  Miller,  D.D.  M.R.I. A.,  formerly 
Fellow  of  Trinity  College,  Dublin.  In  Four  Vols.  8vo,  price 
21.  2s.  boards. 

"  The  general  style  of  these  volumes  is  honourable  to  the 
author's  scholarship  :  it  is  remarkably  distinct,  vigorous,  and  free 
from  superfluous  ornament ;  but  in  parts  where  the  subject 
admitted  of  the  change,  it  becomes  rich  and  elo(juent.  The  brief 
sketch  of  G  rat  tan's  oratory,  towards  the  close  of  the  fourth  volume, 
is  one  of  the  hapi)iost  anil  most  grajiliic  descriptions  that  we  have 
ever  seen  of  that  singularly  powerful  speaker.-  On  the  whole,  we 
entirely  congratuhite  the  author  and  the  public  on  the  completion 
of  this  perlbrmance.  What  .Montesquieu  accomplished  for  tlie 
laws  of  Europe,  Dr.  Miller  has  done  for  its  liistory.  We  know  of 
no  text-book  which  would  be  more  essential  to  the  college  lec- 
turer, no  general  view  of  facts  which  is  likely  to  be  more  valuable 
to  the  student,  and  no  elucidation  of  the  mj'sterioiis  ways  of 
Providence  which  ought  to  be  more  gladly  welcomed  by  the 
Christian."— Ljterari/  Gazette,  Mdnch  24,  1832. 


III.  LIVES,  CHARACTERS,  and  an  ADDRESS 

to  POSTEllITY.  By  Ghdf.rt  Biunet,  D.D.  late  Bishop 
ofSarum;  edited,  with  an  Introduction  and  Notes,  by  .luiiN, 
Bishop  of  Limerick,  Ardfert,  and  Aghadoe.  In  One  \ol.  3vo, 
price  lO.v.  6d.  boards. 


Valuable  Works 

IV.  AN  ESSAY  upon  NATIONAL  CHARAC- 
TER; bein»  an  Inquiry  into  some  of  the  principal  Causes 
whicli  contribute  to  form  and  modify  tlie  Ciiaracter  of  Nations 
in  llie  Slate  of  Civilisation.  By  IIichakd  Ciienevix,  Esq. 
F.R.S.L.and  E.  M.R.I.A.  &c.  In  Two  Vols.  8vo,  price  28.v. 
boards. 

"  Wlnit  a  noble  legacy  for  a  man  to  leave  behind  him  !  In 
these  volumes  are  garnered  the  labours  of  a  life — a  life  of  pro- 
found investigation  and  of  immense  knowledge,  digested  by  a 
.singularly  clear  and  contemplative  mind.  It  is  a  work  put  fortli 
too  in  the  noblest  spirit  of  literature  —  that  which  looks  to  the 
future,  and  builds  up,  not  a  palace  for  self  to  dwell  in,  but  a  noble 
and  enduring  monument  for  the  instruction  of  ages  yet  to  come." 
• — Literary  Gazette,  Jan.  14,  1832. 

"  We  have  not  spoken  of  the  author's  .stvle,  which  constitutes 
no  small  part  of  tlie  attraction  and  cliarm  of  the  work.  Uniformly 
perspicuous,  correct,  and  unaffected,  it  sometimes  rises  into  elo- 
quence. As  the  author's  pride  and  vanity  are  now  alike  buried 
in  the  dust,  our  approbation  or  censure  cannot  atfect  him ;  but  we 
have  been  not  the  less  anxious  to  do  justice  to  a  work  upon  which 
liave  been  bestowed  the  meditations  of  a  life,  and  the  best  efforts 
of  a  mind  of  no  ordinary  endowments."  —  Eclectic  Review,  April 
1832. 


y.  A  SECOND  COURSE  of  SERMONS  for 
the  YEAR;  containing  Two  for  each  Sunday,  and  one  for  each 
Ilolyday  ;  abridged  from  tlie  most  eminent  Divines  of  the  Es- 
tablislied  Church,  and  adapted  to  the  Service  of  the  Day :  in- 
tended for  the  Use  of  Families  and  Schools.  Dedicated  by 
permission  to  the  Lord  Bishop  of  London.  By  tlie  Rev.  J.  R. 
Pjtman,  A.M.,  alternate  Morning  Preacher  of  Belgrave  and 
Berkeley  Chapels.     In  Two  Yoh.  8vo,  price  21s.  boards. 

"  There  is  no  question  which  the  Clergy  are  more  frequently 
asked,  and  to  which  they  find  it  more  difficult  to  give  a  satis- 
factory rej)ly,  than  this  —  What  Sermons  would  they  recommend 
for  the  use  of  a  private  family?  There  are  so  many  circum- 
stances which  render  the  greater  part  of  modern  discourses 
totally  unfit  for  the  purposes  of  domestic  instruction,  and  the  old 
standards,  unmodernised,  are  so  little  intelligible  to  common  ears, 
that  it  is  no  easy  matter  to  point  out  any  set  of  discourses  em- 
bracing a  sufhcient  variety  to  excite  attention,  at  the  same  time 
forcibly  inculcating  the  pure  doctrines  and  practical  precepts  of 
Christianity.  We  really  think  that  Mr.  Pitman's  work  bids  fair 
to  supply  the  deficiency  which  has  been  so  much  regretted." — 
Quarterly  Theolog.  Review. 

V*  A  Third  Edition,  revised  throughout,  of  the  FIRST 
COURSE,  is  just  published,  same  size  and  price  as  above. 


Published  hy  James  Duncan. 

VI.  MAHOMETANISM  UNVEILED;  an  Inquiry 

in  which  that  Arch-Heresy,  its  Diffusion  and  Continuance, 
are  examined  on  a  new  principle,  tending  to  confirm  the  Evi- 
dences, and  aid  the  Propagation  of  the  Christian  Faith.  By 
the  Rev.  Charles  Forster,  B.D.,  Chancellor  of  Ardfert,  and 
Examining  Chaplain  to  the  Lord  Bishop  of  Limerick.  In  Two 
Vols.  8vo,  24s.  boards. 

"  The  reader  will  find  tlie  subject  of  the  Ishmaelitish  descent 
of  the  Arabian  treated  in  a  clear  and  convincing  manner  by  Mr. 
Forster,  in  his  learned  and  valuable  work,  Mabometiiuism  Un- 
veiled."— Qiiarterlii  Review,  ]S'o.  83. 

"  From  the  noVeltv  of  the  view  which  is  thus  given  of  Ma- 
bometanism,  and  the  ability  displayed  by  the  author,  we  shall  be 
greatly  mistaken  if  a  serious  discussion  of  the  whole  subject  be 
not  revived  among  the  learned  men  of  the  country."  —  Montlity 
Review. 

VII.  THE  LIFE  and  PONTIFICATE  of  SAINT 
PIUS  the  FIFTH.  Subjoined  is  a  Re-impression  of  a  His- 
toric Deduction  of  the  Episcopal  Oath  of  Allegiance  to  the 
Pope  in  the  Church  of  Rome.  By  the  Rev.  Joseph  Mendham, 
M.A.     In  One  Vol.  8vo,  with  Portrait,  price  lOi'.  6d.  bds. 

"  We  recommend  to  our  readers  Mr.  Mendham's  interesting 
and  ably  executed  volume,  as  exhibiting  a  fidthful  picture  (the 
material's  and  colouring  of  which  are  deiived  from  Popish 
authorities  that  cannot  be  rejected)  of  the  papal  constitution  ia 
church,  state,  and  doctrine  ;  and  we  shall  rejoice  to  know  that  our 
paE:es  have  been  instrumental  in  extending  the  utility  of  his  truly- 
valuable  labours." — CLristian  Remembiancev,  Nov.  18o2. 
Also,  by  the  same  Author, 

VIII.  The  LITERARY  POLICY  of  the  CHURCH 
OF  ROME  exhibited,  in  an  Account  of  her  Damnatory  Cata- 
logues or  Indexes,  both  Prohibitory  and  Expurgatory,  wiili 
^a^olls  illustrative  Extracts,  Anecdotes,  and  Remarks.  In 
One  Vol.  8vo,  price  lOx.  Qd.  boards. 

IX.  SIX  SERMONS  on  the  STUDY  of  the 
HOLY  SCRIPTURES,  their  Nature,  Interpretation,  and 
some  of  their  most  important  Doctrines,  preached  before  the 
University  of  Cambridge  in  the  years  1827-8.  To  wiiich 
are  annexed  Two  Dissertations ;  the  first  on  the  Reasonable- 
ness of  the  Orthodox  Views  of  Christianity  as  opposed  to  tlie 
Rationalism  of  Germany;  the  second  on  the  Interpretation  of 
Propliccy  generally,  with  an  original  Exposition  of  tlie  Book  of 
Revelation,  shewing  that  the  whole  of  that  remarkable  prophecy 
lias  long  ago  been  fulfilled.  By  tlie  Rev.  S.  Li.f,  B.l).,  D.D. 
of  Halle,  Prebendary  of  Bristol ;  Vicar  of  Banwell ;  and  Regius 
Professor  of  Hebrew  in  the  University  of  Cambridge,  Sec.  &c. 
In  One  Vol.  8vo,  price  1-ls.  boards. 


Valuable  Works  published  bi/  James  Duncan. 

X.  THE  WHOLE  WORKS  of  the  most  Reverend 
Father  in  God,  Uobfrt  Lfighton,  D.D.,  Archbishop  of  Glas- 
gow. To  wliich  is  prefixed  an  entire  new  Life  of  the  Author,  by 
the  Rev.  J.  N  Pearson,  M.A  ,  ofTrinity  College,  Cambridge, 
and  Chaplain  to  the  Most  Noble  the  Marquess  VVellesley.  In 
Four  Vols.  8vo,  with  a  Portrait,  price  36s.  bds. 

"  We  have  placed  a  new  edition  of  Archbishop  Leighton's 
Works  at  the  head  of  this  article  ;  and  as  Mr.  Coleridge  has 
neglected  to  furnish  the  biographical  notice  he  had  jirotnised,  we 
shall  endeavour  to  supply  its  place  by  a  few  particubirs  of  his 
life  and  writings,  princi|);dly  extracted  from  a  spirited  ;ind  elo- 
(juent  IMemoir  prefixed  to  the  new  edition,  by  the  llev.  Gorman 
Peaison.  It  is  a  reproach  to  the  present  age,  that  his  valuable 
writings,  breathing  as  they  do  the  sublimest  and  purest  spirit  of 
piety,  rich  in  beautiful  images  and  classical  learning,  throughout 
abounding  in  ])ractical  reflections,  and  all  expressed  with  the 
sweetest  r.nd  simplest  eloquence,  should  have  been  neglected 
among  us." — British  Critic. 

%*  The  above  may  be  had,  printed  in  a  small  but  neat  type, 
and  compressed  into  Two  Volumes,  price  21s.  boards. 


XI.  A  THEOLOGICAL  DICTIONARY;  con- 
taining Definitions  of  all  Religious  Terras;  a  comprehensive 
View  of  every  Article  in  the  System  of  Divinity  ;.  an  impartial 
Account  of  all  the  principal  Denominations  wiiich  have  sub- 
sisted in  the  Religions  World  from  the  Birth  of  Christ  to  the 
present  Day  :  together  with  an  accurate  Statement  of  the  most 
remarkable  Transactions  and  Events  recorded  in  Ecclesiastical 
History.  By  the  late  Rev.  Charles  Buck.  Seventh  Edition, 
corrected  and  greatly  extended,  by  the  Rev.  K.  Hendersox, 
D.D.,  Professor  of  Divinity  in  Highbury  College.  In  One 
very  large  Volume,  8vo,  18s. 

•jj*  The  number  of  additional  articles  in  the  present  Edition 
amounts  to  nearly  Five  Hundred. —  Vide  Preface. 

XII.  A    HISTORY    OF   BRITISH    ANIMALS, 

exhibiting  the  descriptive  Characters  and  systematical  Arrange- 
ment of  the  Genera  and  Species  of  (Quadrupeds,  Bu-ds,  Rep- 
tiles, Fishes,  Moliusca,  and  Radiata,  of  the  United  Kingdom; 
including  tlie  Indigenous,  Extirpated,  and  Extinct  Kinds;  to- 
gether with  Periodical  and  (3ccasional  \'isitants.  liy  John 
Fleming,  D.D.,  F.R.S.E.,  M.W.S.,  ice,  and  Author  of  the 
"  Philosophy  of  Zoology."     In  One  Vol.  8vo,  price  18s.  bds. 

"  This  very  import lut  work,  which  has  just  appeared,  we 
ronsider  as  infinitely  superior  to  any  Natural  History  of  British 
Animals  hitherto  publislied.  It  will  become  the  standaid  book 
on  British  Animals." — lamieson's  Journal  of  Science. 


J.  Moyes,  2^;,  Castle  Streeti  Leicester  Square. 


F 


'  i-i 


R-  '-i'  U^- 


DQ         Brockedon,  VJilliam 

S?3  Journals  of  excursions  irx 

B75       the  AIDS 


PLEASE  DO  NOT  REMOVE 
CARDS  OR  SLIPS  FROM  THIS  POCKET 


UNIVERSITY  OF  TORONTO  LIBRARY 


)   .  .;  •■'">>;H  :q 


w;mm::^>.m 


