
Early Journal Content on JSTOR, Free to Anyone in the World 

This article is one of nearly 500,000 scholarly works digitized and made freely available to everyone in 
the world by JSTOR. 

Known as the Early Journal Content, this set of works include research articles, news, letters, and other 
writings published in more than 200 of the oldest leading academic journals. The works date from the 
mid-seventeenth to the early twentieth centuries. 

We encourage people to read and share the Early Journal Content openly and to tell others that this 
resource exists. People may post this content online or redistribute in any way for non-commercial 
purposes. 

Read more about Early Journal Content at http://about.jstor.org/participate-jstor/individuals/early- 
journal-content . 



JSTOR is a digital library of academic journals, books, and primary source objects. JSTOR helps people 
discover, use, and build upon a wide range of content through a powerful research and teaching 
platform, and preserves this content for future generations. JSTOR is part of ITHAKA, a not-for-profit 
organization that also includes Ithaka S+R and Portico. For more information about JSTOR, please 
contact support@jstor.org. 



182 Cadell on the Navigation of the Murray . 

By the same mail which takes this hurried communication (as I 
leave to-morrow on my second voyage) I send newspapers and a 
pamphlet containing articles on the river, which I trust may be 
found of interest. 

Since my return, the Legislative Council of this colony have 
awarded to me a "gold medal" for opening up and showing the 
capabilities of the river, and have also voted me 4000/. as a bonus, 
to place two steamers on the upper rivers. Next flood I look for- 
ward to having five steamers on the river, and a boat to go out- 
side. These steamers, with a sufficient number of barges, will be 
amply sufficient for all goods and passenger traffic. Indeed, the 
Governments of all the colonies, as well as the settlers on the 
river, have given me every inducement to prosecute the enter- 
prise. 

When the new steamers are on the river I look forward to 
reaching the Mitta Mitta by the Home ; Seymour, about 40 miles 
from Melbourne, by the Goldburn, between Yass and Gundagai on 
the Murrumbidgi, and Wangaratta on the Ovens : as to the Dar- 
ling, I am afraid to hazard an opinion. 

I did myself the honour of addressing you by letter, dated 
" Lady Augusta, 5th Oct., 1853," proffering my services to leave 
any stores on the Murray or Darling, which might possibly be re- 
quired for the " Exploring Expedition " which, under your auspices, 
is to be started for the interior. I can now only repeat what I 
said then. 

My time, since my return to Adelaide from the Murray, has 
necessarily been much occupied in carrying out affairs connected 
with a navigation of such recognised importance, which I trust will 
serve as an excuse for the hurried manner in which these remarks 
have been thrown together ; and, looking forward some day to be 
of substantial use to your learned body, 

I have the honour to be, Sir, 

Your obedient servant, 

Thomas Cadell. 



XL — Notes on the Passage of Hannibal across the Alps ; and on 
the Valley of Beaufort, in Upper Savoy. By Professor Paul 
Chaix, of Geneva, Corresp. f.r.g.s. 

Read, May 24, 1855. 

That " vexata qusestio," the passage of Hannibal, has recently 
undergone fresh investigation in a work by Mr. Schaub, of Geneva. 
The author begins with a brief summary of opinions of certain 
previous writers. Many of the views that have been advocated 



Chaix's Notes on the Passage of Hannibal across the Alps. 183 

appear to have been suggested by a desire to identify the line of 
march with the neighbourhood in which the inquirers resided, or 
by similar circumstances of an accidental nature. Mr. Schaub 
regards the theory of Whittaker, followed by Simler and Grosley, 
which leads Hannibal over the Great St. Bernard, as the most 
paradoxical. 

Deluc and Melville produced the most remarkable work on the 
subject, in three editions, the first of which appeared in 1818. It 
was ably supported by Wickham and Cramer in 1820, who in- 
creased its importance by a few additions and modifications These 
authors adopt Roquemaure as the point where Hannibal crossed 
the Rhone, and Vienne as the northern extremity of his march up 
the left bank of the river. The triangular interval between the 
Rhone and the Isere in Dauphiny, compared by Polybius to the 
Egyptian Delta, answers to the Insula Allobrogum. The Cartha- 
ginian General entered Savoy at St. Genix d'Aosta, and crossed 
the hilly country at Mont du Chat (Mons Thuates), where his first 
encounter took place with the mountaineers, who kept watch during 
the day only. From thence Hannibal advanced through the fine 
plain of Chambery, and along the wide and fertile valley watered 
by the Isere, to Bourg St. Maurice, crossing the Alps at the pass 
of the Lesser St. Bernard, where he fought his last battle with the 
mountaineers, and then halted on its level plateau for two days, 
waiting for stragglers. 

M. Deluc attached too much importance perhaps to the dis- 
covery of a great white rock and of large bones upon the Lesser 
St. Bernard, and of a silver shield which was found by a farmer 
in 1714, and deposited in one of the Parisian museums. The 
shield was dug out of the ground on the estate Du Passage, 
between La Tour-du-Pin and Abrets, half a mile from the road 
between Vienne and Chambery. It was ornamented with Punic 
intaglios and bas-reliefs, and considered to have been a votive 
offering. The best arguments of Deluc, Melville, Wickham, and 
Cramer were based on the concordance of their itinerary with the 
distances, the number of days, and the geographical data men- 
tioned by Polybius ; also on the adoption of that text, almost exclu- 
sively, as the only faithful guide ; and further, on the coincidence 
of that itinerary with a choice of locality and season such as would 
be made by a man of common sense, and particularly by a general 
commanding an army. A different opinion was maintained by the 
Marquis of Saint Simon, who attempted to prove that the Cartha- 
ginians marched along the river Ubaye to Mount Viso. This 
route- leaves nine days to be accounted for. The author supposes 
that the army was misled by the guides, and that the time was 
spent in ascending the mountain. This theory affords the author 



184 Prof. Paul Chaix's Notes on the 

an opportunity of finding a pulpit, at a height of 13,000 feet above 
the sea, for the celebrated speech reported by Livy ! Apparently 
for the sake of that result, he does not hesitate to trace the route 
of an army over a lofty mountain, instead of through passes 6000 
or 7000 feet lower. But these guides had been chosen to meet 
Hannibal by the Insubres, a nation in frequent intercourse with 
Transalpine Gaul, their original country. The Insubres had found 
their way to Carthago Nova, in Spain, and the guides they had 
selected were not likely to mistake the safest road to Italy. Han- 
nibal was in alliance with the Allobroges, as well as with the 
Insubres, and a prince of the Cisalpine Gauls was with the guides. 
That road was undoubtedly the safest for him which joined the 
territories of those nations. 

In 1851 M. Replat, a barrister of Annecy, published a work 
entitled ' A Note on Hannibal's Passage,' supporting a theory 
originated by M. Blanc of Beaufort, and Count Vignet. M. Re- 
plat leads Hannibal from the Rhone on reaching the Isere, not 
only below Vienne, but without entering the territory of the Allo- 
broges, in opposition to the positive evidence of Polybius and Livy. 
He places the Insula Allobrogum between the Isere and the 
Drome, although the high and very bold mountains of Royans, 
Trieves, and Vercors give that tract no resemblance to the Egyp- 
tian Delta. The " Insula " lies so evidently north of the Isere, 
that another commentator, M. Latronne, makes the Carthaginians 
turn back and recross the Isere in favour of his theory, which 
continues the line of march along the rivers Drac and Durance 
to the Pass of Mont Genevre. 

M. Replat, however, follows the left bank of the Isere to Pont- 
charra, near Fort Barraux, where he places the site of the first 
battle with the mountaineers, who left the passage defenceless at 
night. He then crosses to the opposite bank, and reaches Albert- 
vine and Conflans. From the last-named place MM. Vignet, 
Blanc, and Replat advocate the claims of a new route, never before 
suggested. Turning from the great valley of the Isere because it 
appears to be " too crooked," they endeavour to trace the African 
General's march along the hitherto unheeded valley of Beaufort 
and through a labyrinth of defiles to the pass of La Seigne and the 
Allee Blanche, at the southern base of Mont Blanc. This route 
is chosen by M. Replat as the shortest way across the great ridge 
of the Alps by an Eastern pass. 

Valley of Beaufort. — The Valley of Beaufort lies N.E. of 
Albertville, between that town and Chamounix. There are four 
routes between it and the Chapieu, which forms the approach to 
the western foot of the Col de la Seigne : — 1st. The Pass of La 
Sauce, which is so forbidding that it would be madness to think of 



Passage of Hannibal across the Alps, Sfc. 185 

it. 2nd. The Pass of Cormet, or Platte, or Croix de Biollay, 
which presents an accessible tract of pasture-ground, after an ele- 
vation has been attained of 6441 feet, almost the height of the 
Lesser St. Bernard. 3rd. The Col du Mont Joly, which I found 
to be higher. 4th. The Col de la Fenetre, still higher. The 3rd 
and 4th do not lead directly to the Col de la Seigne, but into the 
Vale of Montjoie, and then over another pass, the Col du Bon- 
homme, to the Chapieu, where all these routes converge, leaving 
the Pass of la Seigne still in advance. 

M. Replat prefers the 2nd route through the Pass of Cormet, 
or Platte : but he thinks it not altogether improbable that Han- 
nibal, " misled by his guides," ascended in succession the Col du 
Mont Joly, the Bonhomme, and lastly the Col de la Seigne ; three 
difficult passes, in preference to the single and easy Pass of the 
Lesser St. Bernard. 

M. Replat's / Note ' has been answered in the work by Mr. 
Schaub, mentioned at the beginning of this paper. Mr. Schaub is 
intimately acquainted by foot journeys with all the passes in the 
Alps. His thorough knowledge of Greek has made Trim familiar 
with the chief authority in the original. He follows the names, 
distances, and times given by Polybius ; he does not dispute the 
competency of the guides, and he concludes that the Carthaginian 
General, in choosing his road, kept in view the sustenance and 
safety of his army, as well as the rapidity of his march. 

At Pontcharra, the position selected by M. Replat for the first 
encounter with the mountaineers, Mr. Schaub shows that there is 
not in the whole neighbourhood any mountain pass answering to 
the historian's description ; and the distances from the Isere to 
Pontcharra are also quite inconsistent with Polybius. 

The Valley of Beaufort is easy of access at its entrance only ; 
but it soon merges into narrow defiles, with stupendous ridges and 
precipices, leading to a chaos of mountain passes, at a great ele- 
vation. On the other hand, the Valley of the Isere is wide and 
open throughout, from Albertville to the foot of the Lesser St. 
Bernard. It is almost level, fertile, and now occupied by numerous 
wealthy villages and towns. M. Replat's supposition that it was 
marshy and overflowed is quite groundless. 

The Lesser St. Bernard is one of the easiest passes in the Alps, 
and lies at the southern base of the Cramont, a mountain identified 
with the Cremonis Jugum, mentioned by Cselius Antipater as the 
locality of Hannibal's passage. There is also a table-land on the 
top of the pass, 6 miles long, and 900 feet lower than the Col de 
la Seigne, sufficient, it is presumed, for the encampment of Han- 
nibal's army while waiting two days for stragglers. Three days 
more were spent in the valley below, owing to the passage being 



186 Prof. Paul Chaix 's Notes on the 

obstructed by snow. The Col de la Seigne, on the other hand, 
passes the northern base of the Cramont. There is only a narrow 
ridge on its summit, and there is no flat spot lower down, as M. 
Replat gratuitously imagines. It is also 900 feet higher than the 
level plateau of the Lesser St. Bernard. The distance from Albert- 
ville to the Italian valley of Aosta, along the Isere and over the 
Lesser St. Bernard, is 50 miles, measured along the road,, which is 
flat for 34 miles, and the pass is easily crossed in the remaining 
16 miles. 

Following M. Replat's itinerary through the Valley of Beaufort, 
the distance between the same points is 42 miles, scarcely 8 of 
which may be termed easy, while the remainder includes two and 
even three very high mountain passes, in a very rugged, unculti- 
vated, and inhospitable country. It is also well known that these 
passes are impracticable at the end of October, when Hannibal's 
passage occurred ; and as each pass would be a day's march for an 
army, the saving of 8 miles on level ground appears to be an in- 
sufficient reason for encountering such obstacles.* 

As the Valley of Beaufort is very little known, a sketch of its 
present state may be useful to tourists, and perhaps afford some 
additional material for Mr. Murray's excellent Guides. 

The situation of the valley has been already described in a 
previous page of this paper. It includes within its branches, and 
the surrounding ridges and passes, an area of 1 65 square miles 
within a circumference of 48 miles. The chief town, St. Maxim e 
de Beaufort, is 12 miles N.E. by E. of Albertville, and it is 
situated at the junction of five valleys, which form together the 
Beaufort country. The Vale of Hauteluce is on the N.E. ; 
the Vale of La Gite is on the E. ; Pontcellamot, or Poncelamont, 
is on the S. ; Trecols and Roselein are on the S.E. ; and the 
Valley of Beaufort, in which these unite, is on the W. 

Each valley feeds a stream. The Doron flows from La Gite, 
and receives the Argentine from Pontcellamot ; the Dorinet, or 
lesser Doron, from Hauteluce ; and the Trecol and the Roselein 
from the valleys of the same names. The Doron then pursues its 
course for 10 miles below Beaufort, till it unites with the Arly, a 
tributary of the Isere, at Conflans. 

An indifferent road ascends from Albertville, along the banks 
of the Doron, to St. Maxime de Beaufort. In other directions 

* The Dissertation by Count de Fortia d'Urban contains a list of many works 
on Hannibal's Passage. In 1854, " a Treatise," by Robert Ellis, b.d., was printed 
at the University Press, Cambridge, and answered in " a Criticism," by W. J. Law, 
a.m., London, 1855. Mr. Law notices the announcement of M. Chaix's Paper in a 
postscript, the remarks in which appear to be based on an erroneous assumption of 
M. Chaix's views.— [See also a work on the same by H. L. Long, 1831. — Ed.] 



Passage of Hannibal across the Alps, Sfc. 187 

the country is only accessible through a dozen cols or mountain 
paths, practicable only for mules and pedestrians. These passes 
are, on an average, about 6500 feet above the sea, and the follow- 
ing are the most remarkable : — On the S.W., La Batia, leading 
from Areche to La Batia, in the valley of the I sere. On the S., 
the Louse (? Luce) and Grand Cor met, crossing from the head of 
the Vale of Pontcellamot to the Isere in Tarentaise. On the 
N.W., the Col de la Leizette passes between Hauteluce and 
Flumet, through Notre Dame de Bellecombe. On the N.E., the 
pass of La Fenetre and the Col Joly lead to Chamounix, through 
the Vale of Montjoie. On the E., the pass of La Platte, or Croix 
de Biollay, leads from La Gite, and that of La Sauce from Rose- 
lein to the valley of the Chapieu in Tarentaise. A few other 
passes form internal communications from one valley to another 
such as the Char de Montagne, or Col de Boudin, between Areche 
and Trecols, and the Plan de FEstace, between La Gite and the 
upper part of Hauteluce. La Sauce is perhaps the most difficult, 
especially at the narrow part called Gorge des Caves, but none of 
these paths is dangerous at a proper season. 

The time required to reach Moutiers on the Isere from St. 
Maxime de Beaufort, either through the Grand Cormet or the Col 
de la Luce, is equal to a day's march. It is 4 hours from 
Beaufort to the Chapieu over the Col de la Platte ; and half a day 
from the upper part of Hauteluce to La Gite through the Plan de 
l'Estace. A difficult march of 1^ hour is required to reach the 
crest of Mont Joly from the Col Joly, and the descent to Notre 
Dame de la Gorge occupies the same time ; from thence it is 2£ 
hours to Contamines. The distance from Flumet to the Col de la 
Leizette is equal to 4| hours, and the road lies through cultivated 
land and swampy pastures. Thence to Hauteluce is 1 hour more. 

None of the mountains in the Beaufort country is of a great 
height ; but their majestic summits are capped with snow before 
the autumn begins, especially the Needle of the Grand Fond and 
the Crest du Rey (King's Summit). Mont Joly, the Point of 
Arotte, and Rousselette, to the E., rise in front of Mont Blanc. 

The Rocks of Enclaves are perhaps the most curious feature in 
the orography of this district. They form a group of mountains 
in its centre, between the Doron and the Dorinet. An oval, 
solitary basin is hollowed out in their midst, and surrounded on all 
sides by granitic ridges so completely that its waters can only be 
discharged through subterranean channels, and over numerous and 
magnificent falls, into the wild valley of La Gi'te. A cluster of 
chalets, named Outray, occupies the centre of this secluded basin. 
I found there plenty of rock-crystals and samples of copper and 
iron ore, besides anthracite coal and talcose schists. 



188 



Prof. Paul Chaix's Notes on the 



The following is a List of Measured Altitudes, with the Names of the 

Observers. 



Positions. 



French 

Metres. 



English 
Feet. 



Observers. 



Albertville 

9 > 

Aixme 

> » • 

Lesser St. Bernard, Pass 

, , Hospital . . 

J i 3 > .... 

Chapieu 

> > 

St. Maxime de Beaufort 

3 > 3 > 

> > J J 

, , , , at the Inn, 3) 
observations J 

St. Maxime de Beaufort at the Church, ) 
on a hill J 

Pass of La Platte, or Croix de Biollay 

> > » » 

Pass of La Luce 

Grand Mont, north of La Luce 
Pass of the Grand Cormet 
Pontcellamont, chapel of St. Gueriii 

3 3 > f 

Char de Montague, or Col de Boudin 
Koselein, or Iioselen 

> > j > 

Praz, village S. of Beaufort 

Areche, church 

Fontaine, hamlet E. of Beaufort 

La Glle, at Cyril Freyzon's Cot 

Pass of Plan de l'Estace, above La) 

Gite J 

Lake of La Girotta 

Pass of Mont J oly 

it > > 

, , , , at Chalet Avocat 
Annuit, in vale of Hauteluce 
Hauteluce 

, , (better observations) 
La Leizette, pass above Hauteluce . . 

, , (inferior observations) . . 

Bellecombe, Notre Dame de 

tt 1 1 .... 

Flumet, on a slope 

, , in another part 

Col de la Seigne 

Oratoire du Glacier 

Col des Tours 



315-7 

338*0 

758-0 

711*0 

2206-0 

2151-0 

2172*0 

1549-0 

1546-0 

799-1 

797*0 

754-0 

744-1 

749-8 

1967*0 
1975-0 
2138*0 
2720-0 
2139-6 
1523-3 
1529-0 
1730-0 
1481-0 
1464-0 
999-8 
1027*7 
1033-4 
1658*6 

2286-9 

1712-9 
1975-5 
2028-0 
1632-4 
1233-7 
1141-7 
1158-7 
1775-7 
1782-8 
1118-1 
1115-3 
897-0 
922-5 
2519-0 
1774-0 
2661 '0 
2682-0 



1033-8 
1099-3 
2463-5 
2310-7 
7169-5 
6990-7 
7059-0 
5034-2 
5024-5 
2617-0 
2590-2 
2450-5 

2436*9 

2455-5 

6392-7 
6418*9 
6946*0 
8840-0 
7007-0 
4950-7 
4969-2 
5622-5 
4813-2 
4758-0 
2694-3 
3323-3 
3358-5 
5390-4 

7432-4 

5566-9 
6420-3 
6590-0 
4470-9 
4009*5 
3710-5 
3765-7 
5770-0 
5794-1 
3633-9 
3624-7 
2915-2 
2998-1 
8186*5 
57655 
8648-3 
8716-5 



A. Beaumont. 

Billiet. 

Beaumont. 

Billiet and Gravier. 

Escher. 

Billiet. 

Billiet and Gravier. 

Studer. 

Favre. 

Beaumont. 

Beaumont. 

Favre. 

Chaix. 

Chaix. 

Studer. 
Favre. 
Favre. 
Favre. 
Favre. 
Favre. 
Favre. 
Favre. 
Favre. 
Favre. 
Chaix. 
Chaix. 
Chaix. 
Chaix. 

Chaix. 

Chaix. 
Chaix. 
Favre. 
Chaix. 
Chaix. 
Chaix. 
Chaix. 
Chaix. 
Chaix. 
Chaix. 
Chaix. 
Chaix. 
Chaix. 
Chaix. 
Chaix. 
Chaix. 
Favre. 



The geological structure of the Beaufort country offers the 
following indications : — Mica-slate forms the slope of the moun- 



Passage of Hannibal across the Alps, fyc. 189 

tains from Flumet up to La Leizette ; but the crest of the pass is 
clay slate, dipping to the S.E., and it is also seen along all the 
crests as far E. as the Col Joly. It is found again at the Cormet, 
dipping N. ; but on the southern slope of that pass it dips S. Clay- 
slate rises in immense masses between Areche, Petit Cceur, and 
Cevins, where abundant quarries are worked, yielding very large 
fine-grained and shining slabs. Mines of anthracite coal are 
worked near Petit Coeur, and others have been recently opened at 
Areche in the Vale of Pontcellamot. Mountains of granitic slate 
form the eastern slope of Pontcellamot, and occur again in the 
vale of Trecols and on the southern slope of the Cormet. The 
Doron flows for miles in the vale of La Gite, through a narrow 
and deep cleft in talcose schist, dipping to the S. and E. 

Each of the smaller valleys has peculiar features. The vale of 
La Gite is without doubt the finest. At its head a waterfall, 
issuing from the wild gorge called Les Caves, in the pass of La 
Sauce, unites with another stream in a flat meadow to form the 
torrent of Doron. From thence the Doron plunges into a deep 
ravine, extending westward between vertical walls of rock, and 
becomes an uninterrupted cascade for many miles, increased by 
numerous streams which descend in foaming sheets from the rocks 
of Enclaves on its right bank, while the left bank is shaded by tall 
and dark pines. Scenery equally wild and magnificent forms the 
entrance from this valley into Roselein. 

The vale of Pontcellamot in its' lower part is more open, and 
the forests which crown its sides surround a basin of cultivated 
land and slopes of smiling pastures. The number of hamlets 
bespeak a larger and more wealthy population scattered around 
the larger village of Areche. A pretty fall is formed by the river 
Argentine at Areche. A winding path ascends to the second 
terrace of this valley, where the forests encroach farther down upon 
the cultivated land, and the river is broken by numerous falls, 
adorned with tall spruces, rearing their heads on the verges of 
precipices. On the third and uppermost terrace are extensive 
pastures, interspersed with chalets, but without any permanent 
dwellings. The solitary chapel of St. Guerin is raised on a knoll 
in the midst of the surrounding circus, and the paths over the Col 
of La Luce and the Cormet diverge from it across meadows and 
crumbling slate soaked with water. From the pass of the Grand 
Cormet there is a most splendid view of the snowy mountains of 
the Maurienne and Tarentaise, with extensive glaciers, and the 
fertile and broad valley watered by the Isere, and dotted with fine 
villages. The path descends to Aixme, where several Latin in- 
scriptions have been discovered which suggest its identity with 
Forum Claudii or Axima. 

The vale of Hauteluce is the broadest and least wild in the 



190 Chaix's Notes on the Passage of Hannibal across the Alps. 

Beaufort country. It is fertile, and productive of wheat and 
hemp, while the forests merely crown the summits of the cultivated 
slopes. The cows are small but pretty, and the sheep yield a 
good fleece. 

E. of Hauteluce, the right slope of the valley is named Mon- 
tagne de la Ruelle, and the left slope Combe du Revers. The 
small river Dorinet is formed in the Combe a Dran, a barren 
gorge at the feet of the Aiguille Rousellette, the Fenetre, and the 
Plan de 1'Estace. It forms a waterfall where it leaves the Combe 
to enter the valley of Hauteluce, and it receives at the same 
place, through a more beautiful fall, the waters from the lake of 
La Girotta. I surveyed the lake. It is very picturesque, nearly 
surrounded by sloping pastures, with a few chalets, partly inclosed 
by dark, rocky cliffs, which give its clear waters dark-green, 
violet, and even black hues, according to the nature and depth of 
the bottom. I found the lake to be 1713 metres above sea ; the 
temperature of the waters 56° Fahr., that of the air being 50°, on 
the 15th Sept. 1853, at half-past 10 a.m. 

The only vestige of feudal times in these valleys is the ruins of 
a few towers on a hill N.W. of St. Maxime. According to the 
oldest memorials, the Beaufort country was a dependency of the 
archbishops of the Tarentaise. The feudal homage was due to 
them, when the princes of the House of Geneva acquired several 
tenures there ; and a deed dated July 31, 1220, recites that the 
Count of Geneva bound himself to render the yearly tribute of 
two large trout. There were, however, at the same time Lords of 
Beaufort, who, on the calends of April, 1271, sold most of their 
rights to Beatrice, the last Baroness of Faucigny. She erected the 
country into a Barony, which she united to her own, and both have 
since partaken of the same fortunes. In 1355 they were ceded to 
the Count of Savoy, Amadeus VI., by Charles, then Dauphin, and 
afterwards King Charles V. of France. When Henry IV. invaded 
Savoy, he came to St. Maxime de Beaufort with a body of troops 
on the 10th of October, and quartered in the castle. On the 11th 
he marched up to the pass of Cormet, to prevent Duke Charles 
Emmanuel of Savoy from entering the country from Piedmont 
over the Lesser St. Bernard ; but he returned on seeing that all 
the passes were impracticable, being already blocked up with snow, 
and he left Beaufort on the 12th. 

Agriculture affords but a limited resource to the inhabitants of 
these valleys. Saw-mills are numerous, especially at St. Maxime. 
The breeding of cattle and fine mules is the chief occupation. 
Cheese is also made on a large scale, and either sold to Piedmon- 
tese or bartered for rice and salt. 

The inhabitants are healthy, active, hard-working, and abste- 
mious. Their features bespeak intelligence. The women are not 




•wife 

Aft I'rtiiffuiifA. 



Sketch <>i'tli#- 

YAL1UBY OF B K.\ D FORT 9 

&- Ihe iuljarnrt portions of Upper Savov. 



Sc al* 1 7.'.<>.i>"" 



,;».,-. Wa* ,,: ' ' *W»fi/iv 



L'i> Kilometres 

3 French Zeaanejr 

* * * *- - — * A" * * i A if A w,,/, jo* 



I»„hti'lf>t ,i'i <}<e J.'ii'-rutt W fA." Boydl (A-.'. .fn/./«i.>i/ • »'..,ir/i, /,„ j;,/ (M ^ ltri „, . h^t.i.'u . lH.'>v 



Sawkins on the Volcanic Mountains of Hawaii, 191 

destitute of beauty, and they are remarkable for an elegant head- 
dress. 

The preservation of their roads demands their constant exertion, 
owing to frequent floods ; but they are never in a satisfactory 
state. 



There is a tolerable inn kept by Henry Martin at St. Maxime ; those at 
Areche and Haiiteluce are very indifferent. The cot of Cyril Freyzon, at La 
Gite, can shelter the traveller bent on crossing the passes of La Perriere, La 
Sauce, and the Plan de l'Estace ; but Lavocat's chalet should, be avoided. 



XII. — On the Volcanic Mountains of Hawaii, Sandwich Islands. 

By J. G. Sawkins, Esq. 

Communicated by Sir Rod. I. Murchison. 

Read, June 25, 1855. 

There are four volcanic mountains in the island of Hawaii, viz., 
Kohala, Muna Kea, Hualalai, and Muna Loa. The decomposed 
state of the rock being greater on Kohala than on any other, and 
the total absence of black lava, lead me to believe that it is the oldest 
of the four. I also think that Muna Kea is next in age, and that 
Hualalai and Muna Loa are the most recent and of the same 
period. 

The height of these mountains above the sea is estimated as 
follows : — 

Kohala about 9,800 feet. 

Muna Kea „ 13,842 „ 

Hualalai „ 11,020 „ 

Mima Loa „ 13,651 „ 

I landed on the western side of the island at a place called 
Kawaihai, and crossed over to the eastern coast. This gave 
mc an excellent opportunity of seeing the decomposing effects of 
the moist atmosphere on the old lavas of the more northern and 
older volcanoes, which are no doubt co-existent with the forma- 
tion of the island. 

The most remarkable features on the N.E. portion of the island 
are the immense cliffs of compact lava, separated by ravines, 
varying in depth from 200 to 2000 feet, over the sides of which a 
series of cascades fall between Niulii and Hilo (or Byron's Bay). 
To the S. of that bay the lava assumes quite a different appear- 
ance ; the colour is black, and its structure like the slag of a fur- 
nace, having no definite form, though its cleavage is vertical. 

This black or recent lava extends itself into the ocean, forming 
a shelf, as though it had spread out horizontally from the coast. 



