ST: 

i 


New  Works  and  New  Editions 


FOLIORUM  SILVULA:  a  Selection  of  Passages 
for  Translation  into  Greek  and  Latin  Verse,  mainly  from  the 
University  and  College  Examination  Papers  ;  Edited  by  H.  A. 
HOLDEX,  M.A.,  Vice  Principal  of  Cheltenham  College,  Fellow 
and  late  Assistant  Tutor  of  Trinity  College,  Cambridge. 

Post  8vo.  Is. 

By  the  sanie, 

FOLIORUM  CENTURI^E.     Selections  for  Transla- 

tion  into  Latin  and  Greek  Prose,  chiefly  from  the  University 
ahd  College  Examination  Papers.  Post  8vo.  's. 

GREEK  TRAGIC  SENARII,  Progressive  Exercises 
in,  followed  by  a  Selection  from  the  Greek  Verses  of  Shrewsbury 
School,  and  prefaced  by  a  short  Accimnt  of  the  Iambic  Metre 
and  Style  of  Greek  Tragedy.  By  the  Rev.  B.  H.  KENNEDY, 
D.D.,  Prebendary  of  Lichfield,  and  Head-Master  of  Shrews- 
bury School.  For  the  use  of  Schools  and  Private  Students. 
Second  Edition,  altered  and  revised.  8vo.  8s. 

PASSA  GES  in  PROSE  and  VERSE  from  ENGLISH 

Authors  for  Translation  into  Greek  and  I-atin  ;  together  with 
selected  Passages  from  Greek  and  Latm  Authors  for  Translation 
into  English :  forming  a  regular  course  of  Exercises  in  Classical 
Composition.  By  the  Rev.  IL  ALFORD,  M.A.,  Vicar  of 
Wymeswold,  Leicestershire,  late  Fellow  of  Trinity  College, 
Cambridge.  8vo.  6s. 

ARUNDINES  CAM!     Sivc  :\hisarum  Cantabriglen- 

sium  Lusus  Canori ;  collegit  atquf  cdidit  H.  DRURY,  A.M. 
Editio  fjuarta.  8vo.    12*. 

DISSERTATIONS    on    thr    EUMENIJ)ES    of 

/ESCIIYLUS  :  with  Critical  Remarks  and  an  Ap])cndix.  Trans- 
lated from  the  German  of  C.  O.  Miii.T.KU.    'Jnd  Edition,     (is.  Gel. 

THE   J'OIJTICS    OF  ARISTOTLE:    with  Notes. 

By  R.  C0XC;RI;VE,  M  a..  Fellow  and  Tutor  of  Wadliam 
College,   Oxford.  I'repaiinf/. 


Published  by  J.  Deighton,  Cambridge. 


An  mSTOBICAL  &  EXPLANA  TOB  Y  TBEA  TISE 

on  the  BOOK  of  COMMON  PRAYER.  By  the  Rev.  W.  G. 
HUMPHRY,  B.D.,  late  Fellow  of  Trinity  College,  Cambridge. 
Examining  Chaplain  to  the  Lord  Bishop  of  London. 

Post  8vo.  7s.  6r/. 


PHBA SEOL  0  GICAL  d:  EXPLANA  TOB  Y  NO  TES 

on  the  HEBREW  TEXT  of  the  Book  of  GENESIS.  By  the 
Rev,  T.  PRESTON,  M.A.,  Fellow  of  Trinity  College,  Cam- 
bridoe.  Crown  Svo.^s.  Qd. 


A  TBANSLA  TION  offhe  EPISTLES  of  CLEMENT 

of  Rome,  POLYCARP,  and  IGNATIUS  ;  and  of  the  Apologies 
of  JUSTIN  MARTYR  and  TERTULLIAN :  with  an  Intro- 
duction and  Brief  Notes  illustrative  of  the  Ecclesiastical  History 
of  the  First  Two  Centuries.  By  the  Rev.  T.  CIIEVALLIER, 
B.D.,  late  Fellow  and  Tutor  of  St.  Catharine's  Hall.  New 
Edition.  Svo.  12s. 


A  HISTORY  of  the   ABTICLES  of  RELIGION. 

Including,  among  other  Documents,  the  X  Articles  (1536),  the 
XIII  Articles  (1.538),  the  XLII  Articles  (1552),  the  XI  Articles 
(15.59),  the  XXXIX  Articles  (1562  and  1571),  the  Lambeth 
Articles  (1595),  the  Irish  Articles  (1615),  with  Illustrations 
from  the  Symbolical  Books  of  the  Roman  and  Reformed 
Communions,  and  from  other  contemporary  sources.  By 
C.  HARDWICK,  M.A.,  Fellow  and  Chaplain  of  St.  Catharine's 
Hall.  Svo.   10s.  M. 


PALMEIVS   OBIGINES  LITUBGIC.E,    an   Ana- 

lysis  of;  or,  Anticiuities  of  the  English  Ritual;  and  of  his 
Dissertation  on  Primitive  Liturgies  :  for  the  use  of  Students 
at  the  Universities,  and  Candidates  for  Holy  Orders,  who  have 
read  the  Original  Work.  By  W.  BEAL,  LL.D.,  F.R.S.,  Vicar 
of  Biookc,  Norfolk.  Vhno.  3.v.  (i(/. 


Digitized  by  tine  Internet  Arciiive 

in  2010  witii  funding  from 

University  of  Toronto 


littp://www.arcliive.org/details/treatiseonliannibOOelli  r^ 

I 


E 


TREATISE 


ON 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS, 


IN    WHICH    HIS    ROUTE    IS    TRACED    OVER    THE 


LITTLE  MONT  CENIS, 


BY 


ROBERT  ELLIS,   B.D., 

FELLOW   OF  ST  JOHN  S  COLLEGE,   CAMBKIUGE. 


^-^■^1 


'1' 


CAMBRIDGE:   J.  DEIGHTON. 
LONDON  :   JOHN  W.  TAUKER  AND  SON. 

1853- 


^rtntttJ  at  tije  SHniSjetsitg  ^im. 


PREFACE. 


IN"  the  course  of  a  series  of  excursions  in  the  Alps,  the 
attention  of  the  Author  had  naturally  been  drawn  to 
the  subject  of  Hannibars  passage  of  those  mountains.  On 
a  subsequent  examination  of  Polybius""  account  of  that  ex- 
pedition, it  appeared  almost  certain  that  the  prominent 
and  distinguishing  characteristics  of  the  pass  which  Han- 
nibal crossed  could  only  be  found  on  the  pass  of  the  Mont 
Cenis.  A  general  acquaintance  with  the  passes,  by  which 
it  had  been  conjectured  that  Hannibal  entered  Italy,  led 
at  first  to  this  conclusion.  The  close  proximity  to  the 
plains  of  Piedmont  of  the  summit  of  the  pass  Avhich  Han- 
nibal crossed,  the  precipitous  nature  of  the  descent  into 
Italy,  and  the  immense  losses  which  the  Carthaginians 
incurred  in  consequence,  all  tended  to  identify  this  pass 
with  that  of  the  Mont  Cenis.  It  was  also  beyond  a  doubt, 
that  from  neither  the  Great  nor  the  Little  St  Bernard,  nor 
from  the  Mont  Genevre,  was  it  possible  to  see  the  Italian 
plain.  None  of  the  roads  over  these  passes,  nor  any 
accessible  point  in  their  neighbourhood,  could  command 
the  view  which  the  Carthaginian  army  saw  from  the  crest 
of  the  Alps.  The  situation  of  the  Mont  Cenis,  as  might 
be  judged  from  the  map,  rendered  it,  however,  not  impro- 
bable, that  such  a  view  might  be  obtained  from  the  imme- 
diate neighbourhood  of  the  road  over  its  summit.  As 
this  route,  then,  had  a  considerable  amount  of  a  priori 
probability  in  its  favour,  a  probability  shared  by  no  other 
pass,  it  seemed  likely  tliat  an  examination  of  it  in  detail 
might  lead  to  its  comi)lete  identification  with  the  line 
of  Hanniljal's  march  into  Italy.  Accordingly,  in  the  month 
of  July,  1852,  and  in  the  months  of  April  nnd  May,  ISb'S. 


iv  PREFACE. 

the  requisite  examination  was  made.  A  period  of  nearly 
six  weeks  was,  altogether,  spent  upon  the  investigation, 
some  days  being  lost  in  consequence  of  unfavourable 
weather.  A  great  quantity  of  snow  was  found  upon  the 
ground  during  the  spring  months,  and  rendered  the  cha- 
racter of  the  pass  more  in  accordance  with  what  it  would 
have  been  at  the  time  of  Hannibal's  passage  of  the  Alps. 

It  is  now,  it  may  be  said,  universally  admitted,  that  the 
great  test,  by  which  the  claims  of  every  pass  must  be  tried, 
is  the  narrative  of  Polybius.  The  following  investigation 
has,  accordingly,  been  conducted  on  this  principle.  In  the 
translation  of  Polybius,  which  accompanies  it,  the  exact 
meaning  of  the  historian,  and  his  peculiarities  of  narration, 
have  been  preserved  as  far  as  possible.  To  gain  this  end, 
of  the  utmost  importance  in  the  present  case,  nothing 
beyond  a  merely  literal  version  of  the  Greek  has  been 
attempted. 

Less  attention  has  been  paid  to  Livy's  narrative  ;  but 
his  evidence  has  not  been  neglected.  An  examination  of 
the  objections  brought  against  the  Mont  Cenis,  and  an 
enquiry  into  the  antiquity  of  that  pass,  conclude  the  inves- 
tigation. The  testimony  of  Polybius,  and  that  of  Livy, 
have  been  kept,  almost  entirely,  distinct  from  one  another; 
and  the  question  of  the  old  roads  across  the  Alps  has  also 
been  considered  by  itself,  and  a  third  and  independent 
body  of  evidence  deduced  from  its  discussion. 

The  thanks  of  the  Author  are  due  to  the  Syndics  of 
the  Pitt  Press  for  the  liberality  with  which  they  have 
undertaken  the  printing  of  the  present  work. 

St  John's  Coixegt:, 

Dec.  23,  1853. 


CONTENTS. 


CHAPTER  I. 

PAGE 

Introduction. — Brief  notice  of  Hannibal's  march  from  New  Car- 
thage.— Polybius'  estimation  of  the  lengths  of  the  different 
parts  of  the  whole  march  from  New  Carthage  to  the  plains  of 
Italy. — A  peculiarity  in  Polybius'  mode  of  narration  observed. 
— Division  of  the  march  from  the  passage  of  the  Rhone  to 
the  country  of  the  Insubrian  Gauls  into  seven  stages         .  .        1 


CHAPTER  II. 

Polybius*  narrative  of  Hannibal's  march,  from  the  passage  of  the 
Rhone  to  the  capture  of  Turin  ...... 


CHAPTER  III. 

Discussion  of  the  narrative  of  Polybius,  from  the  passage  of  the 
Rhone  to  the  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  Alps. — Iden- 
tification of  the  Scaras  of  Polybius  with  the  modern  Iscre. — 
The  Island  of  Polybius  the  district  between  the  Rhone  and 
the  Isere. — Polybius  only  partially  acquainted  with  this  district. 
— Conclusion  drawn  that  Hannibal  must  have  marched  up  the 
left  bank  of  the  Isere,  and  not  up  the  Rhone,  from  the  junc- 
tion of  the  two  rivers         .  .  .  .  .  .       1 G 


CHAPTER  IV. 

Discussion  of  the  narrative  of  Polybius,  from  the  commencement 
of  the  ascent  of  the  Alps  to  the  arrival  at  the  summit  of  the 
pass. — The  defile  at  the  commoncomcnt  of  tlio  ascent. — Con- 
clusions (h\awn  as  to  its  nature  and  the  ch.iractor  of  the  neigh- 
bouring country. — The  '  strong  white  rock' — Fcaturi's  of  the 
country  in  its  vicinity. — Tiio'rock'  at  a  distance  of  many  miles 
from  the  summit  of  the  pass        ......       29 


vi  CONTENTS. 


CHAPTER  V. 


PAGE 


Discussion  of  Polybius'  narrative  of  the  events  which  took  place 
at  the  summit  of  the  pass  and  on  the  descent  to  Turin. — The 
plains  of  Italy  visible  from  the  summit  of  the  pass. — Precipi- 
tous nature  of  the  descent. — The  path  destroyed  by  a  landslip, 
— Manner  in  which  the  path  was  re-constructed. — Hannibal 
arrives  in  the  country  of  the  Taurini. — Journal  of  the  march 
from  the  confluence  of  the  Rhone  and  Isere  to  the  commence- 
ment of  the  plains  of  Italy. — Conditions  for  the  determination 

•       of  the  pass  which  Hannibal  crossed       .  .  ...      50 


CHAPTER  VI. 

Improbability  of  Hannibal's  having  crossed  the  Alps  by  the  Great 
or  Little  St  Bernard,  or  by  the  Mont  Genevre. — Probability  of 
his  having  crossed  the  Mont  Cenis. — Determination  of  the  point 
where  Hannibal  would  have  left  the  Isere. — The  oldest  line  of 
road  over  the  Mont  Cenis  traced  and  described. — The  Little 
Mont  Cenis  selected  as  the  pass  which  Hannibal  crossed,  in 
preference  to  the  Great  Mont  Cenis      .....      68 


CHAPTER  VII. 

Application  of  the  conditions  deduced  from  Polybius'  narrative  to 
the  route  of  the  Mont  Cenis. — Accordance  of  the  actual  dis- 
tances with  those  given  by  Polybius. — Identification  of  the 
defile  at  the  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  Alps  with  the 
gorge  of  Le  Fay. — Probable  identity  of  the  town  of  the  AUo- 
broges  and  the  modern  Alhvard. — Identification  of  the  "strong 
white  rock"  with  the  rock  of  Baune. — Arrival  at  the  Col  of  the 
Little  Mont  Cenis      ........      89 


CHAPTER  VIII. 

Application  of  the  conditions  deduced  from  Polybius'  narrative  to 
the  route  of  the  Mont  Cenis  concluded. — Encampment  of  Han- 
nibal on  the  Plateau  of  tlw  Little  Mont  Cenis. — Point  from 
which  the  plains  of  Italy  wore  most  probably  seen. — Precipitous 
character  of  the  descent  from  the  Mont  Cenis  into  Italy. — Pro- 
bable situation  of  the  place  where  the  path  was  destroyed. — 
Arrival  at  the  commencement  of  the  plains  of  Italy. — Siege 
and  capture  of  Turin  .  .114 


CONTENTS.  vii 


CHAPTER  IX. 


PAGE 


Livy's  narrative  of  Hannibal's  passage  of  the  Alps. — Its  character. 
— Use  to  be  made  of  it. — Hannibal's  line  of  approach  to  the 
Alps,  as  indicated  by  Livy. — His  account  of  the  events  which 
took  place  on  the  summit  of  the  pass, — The  broken  path. — 
Singular  story  connected  with  it. — Arrival  of  Hannibal  in  the 
country  of  the  Taurini  .  .  .  .  .  .129 


CHAPTER  X. 
Examination  of  objections  brought  against  the  Mont  Cenis     .  ,     147 

CHAPTER  XI. 

Antiquity  of  the  pass  of  the  Mont  Cenis. — First  mentioned  by  name 
in  the  year  755  a  d. — Probably  known  in  the  sixth  century. — 
Described  by  Ammianus  Marcellinus  in  the  fourth  century.— The 
road  over  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  laid  down  in  the  Peutingerian 
table. — The  Mont  Cenis  crossed  by  Julius  Csesar. — Probably 
mentioned  by  Strabo  as  the  pass  through  the  country  of  the  Tau- 
rini, which  Hannibal  crossed. — Conclusion      .  .  .  .159 

APPENDIX. 

A.  Note  on  the  Roman  roads  from  Italy,  by  the  Little  St  Bernard, 

to  Vienna  and  Geneva        .......     185 

B.  Note  on  the  position  of  Ocelum,  and  of  Scingomagus         .  .     187 


Directions  for  the  insertion  of  tlie  Ma^js  and  Plans. 

Map  of  the  route  of  the  Mont  Ceiiis       .       at  the  beginning  of  the  book. 
Map  of  the  Roman  roads  ...  at  the  end  of  the  book. 

Plan  of  the  gorge  of  Le  Fay         ....  to  face  p.      8t) 

Country  in  the  iicighbourhood  of  the  Rock  of  Bauue        .         .         .      112 
Mountain-side  on  tlie  descent  from  the  Mont  Ccuis      .         .        .  128 

Part  of  tlio  Peuiingeriiin  table      .         .  .  ....     159 


A  TREATISE 


ON 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 


CHAPTER  I. 


Introduction. — Brief  notice  of  Hannibal's  march  from  New  Carthage. — 
Polybius'  estimation  of  the  lengths  of  the  different  parts  of  the 
whole  march  from  New  Carthage  to  the  plains  of  Italy. — A  pe- 
culiarity in  Polybius'  mode  of  narration  observed. — Division  of  the 
march  from  the  passage  of  the  Rhone  to  the  country  of  the  Insubrian 
Gauls  into  seven  stages. 


A  PERIOD  of  more  than  twenty  years  of  peace  suc- 
ceeded the  close  of  the  first  Punic  war.  It  was  not 
however  a  peace  which  could  be  expected  to  endure. 
The  mutual  exhaustion  of  the  contending  parties  had 
obliged  them  for  a  time  to  desist  from  the  further  prose- 
cution of  hostilities  :  but  the  power  of  neither  the  Romans 
nor  the  Carthaginians  was  inwardly  shattered ;  and  the 
rivalry  and  hatred  with  which  they  had  long  regarded  each 
other  were  necessarily  increased  rather  than  diminished 
by  the  losses  which  both  had  suffered.  These  losses, 
severe  as  they  had  been,  were  gradually  repaired ;  each 
nation  recovered  its  former  vigour,  and  looked  forward  to 
the  renewal  of  a  strife,  which  the  dceply-rootcd  animosity, 
the  clashing  interests,  and  the  ambitious  spirit  of  both 
parties,  plainly  forewarned  them  could  have  no  end  but  in 
the  complete  subjection  of  liomc  or  Carthage.  The  first 
Punic  war  had  established  an  inveterate  rivalry  between 
the  two  cities  :  the  event  of  the  second  war  Avas  to  deter- 
mine which  should  fall. 

1 


2  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

The  struggle  which  was  to  decide  this  question  at 
length  approached.  In  the  year  219  b.  c.  the  peace  be- 
tween the  Romans  and  Carthaginians  was  formally  broken; 
hostile  declarations  were  exchanged  at  Carthage,  and  pre- 
parations for  the  contest  were  made  on  both  sides.  The 
news  of  the  rupture  reached  Hannibal  at  New  Carthage  in 
Spain,  a  country  which  he  had  in  a  great  measure  reduced 
under  the  Carthaginian  yoke ;  and  where  the  continual 
growth  and  consolidation  of  the  power  of  their  enemy  had 
given  much  umbrage  and  disquiet  to  the  Romans.  It  was 
there  he  meditated  the  invasion  of  Italy  and  the  fall  of 
Rome,  and  resolved  upon  that  march  which  has  associated 
his  name  for  ever  with  the  Alps.  His  preparations  for  the 
invasion  had  commenced  before  he  was  aware  of  the 
rupture  of  the  peace,  and  by  the  spring  of  the  year  218 
they  were  finally  completed. 

A  fortunate  conjuncture  of  circumstances  had  enabled 
him  to  secure  allies  in  Italy.  The  Romans  were  at  this 
time,  and  had  been  for  some  years  previously,  making  gra- 
dual encroachments  upon  the  territories  of  the  Cisalpine 
Gauls  :  and  the  Gauls,  feeling  that  they  were  of  themselves 
incapable  of  resisting  the  growing  might  of  Rome,  readily 
embraced  the  opportunity  of  forming  an  alliance  with  the 
great  enemy  of  the  Roman  name.  In  anticipation  of  such 
an  event,  and  before  he  had  received  the  news  that  the 
Romans  had  declared  war  against  the  Carthaginians,  Han- 
nibal had  desiDatched  an  embassy  from  Spain  into  Cisalpine 
Gaul,  to  ascertain  and  confirm  the  disposition  of  the  inhabit- 
ants towards  the  Carthaginian  alliance,  and  to  discover  also, 
whether  the  passage  of  the  Alps  was  practicable  or  not. 

The  return  of  his  envoys  he  was  now  awaiting.  At 
length  they  arrived  at  New  Carthage,  and  brought  back 
the  intelligence,  that  the  Cisalpine  Gauls  were  very  favour- 
ably disposed  towards  the  Carthaginians.  The  passage 
of  the  Alps  they  also  reported  to  be  practicable,  although 
exceedingly  difficult  and  unavoidably  attended  with  great 
labour  \  Impossible,  however,  they  were  assured  that  it 
was  not.     For  the  Gauls  themselves  had  frequently,  not 


1  Polvb.  HI.  34. 


HA.NNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS.  § 

only  in  remote,  but  also  in  recent  times,  crossed  the 
mountains  with  large  armies ' :  and  although  the  march  of 
the  Carthaginian  host,  encumbered  with  its  elephants  and 
baggage,  would  be  much  less  easily  performed  than  that  of 
an  army  of  barbarians  ;  still  the  difference  was  not  so  great 
as  to  lead  them  to  conclude  the  passage  impracticable. 
The  receipt  of  this  intelligence  determined  the  course  of 
Hannibal.  His  resolution  of  penetrating  across  the  Alps 
into  Cisalpine  Gaul  was  finally  taken,  and  at  the  end  of 
May  the  army  began  its  march  from  New  Carthage. 

It  consisted  at  first  of  90,000  foot  and  12,000  horse, 
besides  elephants  and  baggage-animals.  All,  however,  did 
not  quit  the  Spanish  territory.  Some  were  lost  in  sub- 
duing the  nations  between  the  Ebro  and  the  Pyrenees : 
and  when  the  march  was  resumed  after  the  reduction  of 
these  tribes,  a  detachment  of  11,000  was  left  behind  under 
Hanno,  and  an  equal  number  of  men  were  dismissed  to 
their  own  homes.  50,000  foot  and  9000  horse  were  all 
that  crossed  the  Pyrenees  and  entered  Gaul.  After  the 
passage  of  the  Khone  this  number  was  diminished  to  38,000 
foot  and  8000  horse  2.  Of  these,  20,000  foot  and  COOO 
horse  alone  survived  the  passage  of  the  Alps,  and  suc- 
ceeded in  reaching  the  plains  of  the  Po. 

Hannibars  route  from  New  Carthage  lay,  as  just  inti- 
mated, northward ;  and  was  directed  along  the  coast  of 
Spain.  The  river  Ebro  was  crossed,  the  nations  between 
it  and  the  Eastern  Pyrenees  were  subdued,  the  extremity 
of  those  mountains  was  passed,  and  Transalpine  Gaul  en- 
tered. After  the  passage  of  the  Pyrenees,  Hannibal  still 
kept  for  a  time  near  the  sea,  but  at  length  turned  inland, 
and  crossed  the  Rhone  at  a  distance  of  nearly  four  days' 
march  from  the  sea.  Proceeding  subsequently  along  the 
left  or  eastern  bank  of  the  llhone  for  four  days  more,  he 


1  Polyb.  ni.  48. 

2  It  is  diflicult  to  account  for  the  loss  of  13,000  men  between  tlio 
Pyrenees  and  the  Rhone.  The  ordinary  casualties  sooni  insullicient  to 
exphiin  it.  I'erhaps  a  number  of  the  Iberians  liad  deserted  on  enter- 
ing Gaul,  and  returned  to  their  own  country,  liaving  been  disappointed 
at  not  being  included  in  the  number  of  those  whom  Hannibal  had  allowed 

to  do  EO. 

1—2 


4  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

reached,  at  the  end  of  that  period,  a  district  called  the 
Island,  of  which  Polybius  gives  a  particular  description. 
Having  left  the  Island,  Hannibal  struck  off  towards  the 
Alps,  effected  his  passage  across  them,  and  descended  into 
the  plains  of  the  Po.  The  whole  of  this  march,  from  New 
Carthage  to  the  Italian  plains,  has  been  divided  by  Poly- 
bius (iii.  39)  into  five  stages,  which  terminate,  respectively, 
at  the  passage  of  the  Ebro,  at  Ampurias  (Emporium),  at 
the  passage  of  the  Phone,  at  the  foot  of  the  first  Alpine 
ascent,  and  at  the  commencement  of  the  plains  of  Italy. 
The  last  two  of  these  stages,  in  which  the  passage  of  the 
Alps  is  included,  are  all  with  which  this  book  is  immedi- 
ately concerned. 

Before,  however,  proceeding  to  the  examination  of  this 
part  of  Polybius'  narrative,  it  will  be  necessary  to  give 
the  distances  comprised  in  each  stage  of  the  march,  from 
New  Carthage  to  the  commencement  of  the  plains  of  Italy. 
They  are  laid  down  by  Polybius  as  follows  (iii.  39) : 

"  From  this  city  (New  Carthage)  to  the  river  Ebro  the 
distance  is  2600  stadia  :  again  from  this  river  to  Emporium 
1600  stadia ;  and  from  thence  also  to  the  passage  of  the 
Rhone  about  1600  stadia :  for  these  distances  have  been 
now  measured  in  paces  and  marked  carefully  by  the  Ro- 
mans at  intervals  of  eight  stadia.  From  the  passage  of 
the  Rhone,  as  they  (the  Carthaginians)  marched  along  the 
bank  of  the  river,  in  the  direction  of  its  sources,  as  far  as 
the  ascent  of  the  Alps  on  the  way  to  Italy,  there  was  a 
further  distance  of  1400  stadia.  There  still  remains  to  he 
estimated  the  passage  of  the  Alps,  a  march  of  about  1200 
stadia;  and,  after  crossing  these  mountains  Hannibal 
would  immediately  arrive  at  the  plains  of  Italy  lying  around 
the  Po.  The  Avhole  length  of  his  march  from  New  Car- 
thage Avould  consequently  amount  to  about  9000  stadia ^" 

The  first  thing  requisite  to  be  observed  here  is  Poly- 
bius' scale  of  measurement.  He  computes,  it  will  be  per- 
ceived, by  lengths  of  200  stadia,  or  25  Roman  miles. 
Doubtless,  with  his  deficient  means  of  estimating  distances, 


1  Tho  sum  of  the  distances  given  by  Polybius  only  amounts  really  to 
8400  stadia. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.         5 

lie  found  himself  unable  to  determine  the  lengths  of  the  seve- 
ral marches  more  closely,  at  least  in  such  parts  of  the  route 
as  the  Eomans  had  not  measured.  Yet  for  these  parts  also 
he  employs  the  same  rale  of  computation,  it  not  being  ap- 
parently his  object  to  aim  at  greater  accuracy.  This  fact 
must  always  be  borne  in  mind  in  the  investigation  of  Han- 
nibal's route,  in  order  that  too  much  stress  may  not  be 
laid  upon  discrepancies  of  distance,  when  not  great :  while, 
at  the  same  time,  due  attention  should  still  be  paid  to  the 
statements  of  distances,  given  by  so  careful  an  authority  as 
Polybius,  and  a  too  great  laxity  avoided  in  accommo- 
dating them  to  actual  routes.  It  must  therefore  be  remem- 
bered that  Polybius'  measure  of  distance  is  25  Poman 
miles,  in  computing  the  length  of  a  march  of  several  days' 
duration. 

The  passage  marked  in  italics,  in  the  quotation  given 
above  from  Polybius,  is  more  particularly  connected  with 
the  following  investigation.  It  supplies  at  once  one  of  the 
conditions,  which  the  pass  to  be  identified  with  that  which 
Hannibal  crossed  must  satisfy.  This  condition  may  be 
thus  stated : 

"  The  length  of  the  route  over  the  Alps,  beginning  at 
the  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  mountains,  and 
terminating  at  the  commencement  of  the  plains  of  Italy, 
must  be  about  150  Iloman  miles'." 

That  the  termination  of  this  part  of  the  march  was  at 
the  commencement  of  the  plains  of  Italy,  is  clearly  stated  by 
Polybius.  That  "  the  ascent  of  the  Alps  on  the  way  to  Italy" 
means  the  place  where  the  route  first  became  mountainous, 
the  point  Avhere  the  army  was  first  obliged  to  ascend  the 
mountains, —  this  seems  also  sufKciently  plain  ;  for  it  ap- 
pears scarcely  probable  that  any  other  meaning  can  be 
attached  to  tlie  expression  of  Polybius,  tj/v  dva(3u\)]u 
rwv  '  AX7r€wi>  Ttjw  ei?  IraXiav.  There  is  however  a  certain 
amount  of  vagueness  in  it,  and  a  different  interpretation 
might  be  possible. 

The  narrative  of  Polybius,  from  the  (inic  when  the 
march  was  resumed  after  the  passage  of  the  Ilhonc,  up  to 


1  Condition  H. 


6  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

the  time  of  Hannibal's  arrival  in  the  plains  of  Italy,  will 
now  be  given  in  full,  with  the  exception  of  three  chapters 
and  part  of  a  fourth.  The  passages  omitted  include  the 
end  of  the  fifty-sixth  chapter,  and  all  the  fifty-seventh, 
fifty-eighth,  and  fifty-ninth  chapters.  These  parts  of  the 
narrative  are  passed  over,  as  not  bearing  upon  the  ques- 
tion of  Hannibal's  passage  of  the  Alps,  but  as  relating 
either  to  the  operations  of  the  Roman  armies,  or  else 
containing  general  reflections  upon  the  subject  of  history. 

There  is,  however,  one  peculiarity  in  Polybius '  style 
of  narration,  especially  in  this  part  of  his  history,  upon 
which  it  will  previously  be  necessary  to  make  some  observa- 
tions. The  peculiarity  alluded  to  is  this :  that  the  histo- 
rian, before  entering  into  the  details  of  a  particular  march, 
event,  or  military  transaction,  gives,  in  a  few  lines,  what 
may  be  regarded  as  a  short  statement  or  summary  of  the 
occurrences  which  took  place  at  that  particular  period. 
Having  done  this,  he  proceeds  to  make  such  observations, 
and  give  such  explanations,  as  appear  necessary,  or  to 
narrate  at  length  the  various  circumstances  that  attended 
the  facts  in  question,  whenever  they  were  of  such  import- 
ance as  to  deserve  minute  consideration.  The  short  sum- 
mary serves  frequently,  in  point  of  fact,  as  an  argument  to 
the  succeeding  and  more  detailed  account.  The  whole  of 
that  portion  of  Polybius'  narrative  now  about  to  be  given, 
may  be  considered  with  much  probability  as  written  in  this 
manner,  and  will  divide  itself  into  seven  parts.  Four  of 
these  relate  to  the  actual  passage  of  the  Alps;  two  to 
the  march  from  the  place  where  the  Rhone  was  crossed,  to 
the  commencement  of  the  mountains ;  and  one  to  the 
march  from  the  foot  of  the  Alps,  on  the  Italian  side,  to 
the  territories  of  the  Insubrian  Gauls,  the  allies  of  Han- 
nibal. The  first  division  will  consist  of  the  march  from 
the  passage  of  the  Rhone  to  the  district  called  the  Island ; 
the  second,  the  march  from  the  Island  to  a  certain  defile 
and  town  at  the  commencement  of  the  Alps;  the  third, 
the  march  from  the  town  just  mentioned  to  the  neigh- 
bourhood   of   a   certain    XevKOTrerpov  oy^vpov,    or  *  strong  ^ 


1  *  Strong,'  of  course,  in  a  military  point  of  view. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  7 

white  rock,'  where  the  army  encountered  great  danger  from 
an  attack  of  the  Alpme  Gauls ;  the  fourth,  the  march 
from  this  rock  to  the  summit  of  the  pass;  the  fifth,  the 
circumstances  which  took  place  while  the  army  remained 
on  the  summit  of  the  pass ;  the  sixth,  the  descent  from  the 
summit  of  the  Alps  to  the  commencement  of  the  plains  of 
Italy ;  and  the  seventh,  (all  of  which  will  not  be  given)  the 
march  from  the  foot  of  the  Alps  to  the  country  of  the 
Insubrians. 

These  form  the  seven  parts,  into  which  the  narrative 
seems  to  be  divided.  The  correctness  of  the  supposition, 
that  this  mode  of  narration  was  adopted  by  Polybius, 
will  be  best  seen  by  an  inspection  of  the  historian's  own 
words.  Accordingly,  those  parts  of  his  account,  which  are 
supposed  to  be  the  summaries  in  question,  will,  in  the 
extract  from  Polybius  which  now  follows,  be  distinguished 
by  being  printed  in  capital  letters.  Those  passages  also  of 
the  narrative,  which  bear  more  particularly  on  the  present 
question,  and  afford  a  clue  to  the  determination  of  the 
features  of  the  country  through  which  Hannibal  passed,  will 
be  brought  prominently  forward  by  being  printed  in  italics. 
Polybius'  account  of  the  march,  thus  arranged,  will  form 
the  substance  of  the  next  chapter. 


CHAPTER   II. 

Polybius'  Narrative  of  Hannibal's  March,  from   the   passage  of  the 
Rhone  to  the  capture  of  Turin. 


Polybius.     Book  iii.  Part  of  Chap.  49. 

HANNIBAL,  HAVING  CONTINUED  HIS  MARCH  FOR  FOUR  SUCCESSIVE 
DAYS  FROM  THE  PASSAGE  (oF  THE  RhONE)  CAME  TO  THE  DISTRICT 
CALLED  THE  ISLAND,  A  POPULOUS  AND  CORN-PRODUCING  TRACT  OF  COUN- 
TRY, WHICH  DERIVES   ITS  NAME   FROM  THE  VERY  CIRCUMSTANCE  (OF  ITS 

formation).  For  the  Rhone  flowing  on  one  side  of  this  district,  and 
a  river  called  the  Scaras^  on  the  other,  sharpen  it  into  a  point  at 
their  confluence.  It  is  similar  in  size  and  form  to  the  so-called 
Delta  in  Egypt ;  excepting  that,  in  the  case  of  the  Delta,  the  sea 
forms  one  side  (i.  e.  the  third  side)  by  joining  the  mouths  of  the 
rivers  (which  form  the  other  two  sides) ;  whereas  the  third  side 
of  the  Island  is  formed  by  mountains  difficult  of  approach  and 
entrance,  and,  it  may  he  said,  almost  inaccessible.  When  Hannibal 
arrived  at  the  Island,  he  found  two  brothers  contending  for  the 
royal  power,  and  encamped  with  their  armies  opposite  each 
other ;  and  when  the  elder  brother  tried  to  induce  him  to  second 
his  efforts  in  acquiring  the  sovereignty,  he  listened  to  the  over- 
tures which  were  made  to  him :  for  it  was  sufficiently  evident 
Avhat  advantages  he  Avould  derive  from  the  assistance  of  the  Gaul 
at  the  present  juncture.  By  their  combined  forces,  the  second 
claimant  of  the  sovereignty  was  attacked  and  expelled ;  and  Han- 
nibal afterwards  received  great  assistance  from  the  victor.  For 
he  not  only  abundantly  supplied  the  army  with  corn  and  all  other 
necessaries,  but  also  exchanged  such  of  their  arms  and  accoutre- 
ments as  were  old  and  worn  out,  and  equipped  afresh  all  the 
forces  at  a  time  when  such  aid  was  very  opportune.  He  also 
furnished  the  mass  of  the  soldiers  with  clothing  and  shoes,  a  pro- 
vision which  was  of  great  service  for  the  passage  of  the  mountains. 
The  most  signal  benefit  however  which  he  conferred  upon  them 
was,  that  as  they  were  apprehensive  of  danger  while  they  marched 
through  the  territory  of  the  Gauls  who  are  called  Allobroges,  he 
covered  their  rear  with  his  own  troops,  and  secured  for  them  a 
safe  advance  until  they  approached  the  passage  of  the  Alps. 


1  TIio  manuscripts  have  ^mpas  or  2K(Spas.     'laapas  is  only  conjectural. 
It  has  been  thought  better  to  adhero  to  the  MS.  reading. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  9 

Chap.  50. 

HaXNIBAL,  IX  THE  COURSE  OF  TEN  DAYS,  HAVING  ADVANCED  ALONG 
THE  RIVER-SIDE  FOR  A  DISTANCE  OF  800  STADLi,  COMMENCED  THE 
ASCENT    OP    THE   AlPS,    AND  FOUND    HIMSELF    IN   A   SITUATION    OF    THE 

GREATEST  DANGER.  For  as  long  as  the  army  continued  in  the 
plain,  all  the  petty  chieftains  of  the  Allobroges  refrained  from 
attacking  them,  partly  from  the  fear  of  their  cavalry,  and  partly 
from  fear  of  the  Barbarians  who  formed  their  escort.  But  when 
these  last  had  returned  to  their  own  country,  and  Hannibal,  with 
his  army,  was  advancing  towards  the  places  ichicJi  were  difficult  of 
joassage,  the  chieftains  of  the  Allobroges  collected  a  sufficient  body 
of  forces,  and  took  possession  of  tlie  advantageoiis  posts  along  the 
road  by  which  Hannibal  was  obliged  to  make  his  ascent.  Had 
they  concealed  their  plans,  they  must  have  altogether  destroyed 
the  Carthaginian  army ;  and,  even  after  their  purpose  was  de- 
tected, they  inflicted  great  injury  upon  the  troops  of  Hannibal, 
although  the  loss  which  they  themselves  incurred  was  equally 
great.  For,  when  the  Carthaginian  general  discovered  that  they 
had  occupied  the  advantageous  posts,  he  halted  his  troops,  and 
encamped  near  the  heights :  he  then  sent  forward  a  party  of  the 
Gauls,  who  acted  as  his  guides,  to  discover  the  plan  of  the  enemy, 
and  the  whole  scheme  of  their  operations.  The  Gauls  executed 
his  commission ;  and  the  Carthaginian  general  found,  from  the 
intelligence  they  brought,  that  the  enemy  guarded  very  vigilantly 
their  posts  during  the  daytime,  but  withdrew  at  night  to  a  town 
in  the  neighbourhood.  To  counteract  therefore  their  designs,  he 
determined  upon  operations  of  the  following  nature.  He  set  his 
army  in  motion  and  advanced  in  open  view ;  and,  when  he  drew 
near  to  the  difficult  j)laces,  he  encamped  at  a  short  distance  from 
the  enemy.  When  night  came  on,  he  ordered  the  tvatch-fres  to  be 
lighted,  and  left  in  the  camp  the  mass  of  his  forces ;  while  he 
himself,  with  the  most  active  of  his  troops,  purposely  equipped  for 
such  a  service,  penetrated  in  the  night  through  the  dcjile,  and  seized 
the  i)Osts  ivhich  had  been  before  occupied  by  the  enemy,  tvho  had  now 
retired  to  the  town,  according  to  their  usual  practice. 

Chap.  51. 

When  this  had  l^cen  accomplished,  and  day  appeared,  the 
Barbarians,  observing  what  had  taken  i)laco,  desisted  for  a 
time  from  their  original  design ;  but  when  they  subsequently 
saw  the  numbers  of  the  baggage-animals  and  tlie  cavah-y 
laboriously,  and,  in  an  extended  line,  dt jiHiig  through  the  diffivult 
placi's,  they  were  induced,  by  this  circumstance,  to  attack  the 
line  of  march.    When  this  was  done,  and  tlie    Barbarians  had 


10  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

fallen  upon  them  on  many  points,  a  great  loss  ensued  to  the  Car- 
thaginians, especially  in  horses  and  baggage-animals :  and  this 
was  caused,  not  so  much  hy  the  attacJdng  enemy,  as  hy  the  nature 
of  the  ground.  For  the  way  by  which  the  Carthaginians  had  to 
advance  ivas  not  only  narroiv  and  rugged,  hut  also  precipitorts,  so 
that  at  every  shocJc  or  commotion,  numbers  of  the  animals  ivith  their 
burdens  ivere  carried  doivn  the  precipices.  This  confusion  was 
mainly  caused  by  the  horses  which  were  wounded.  Some  of 
these,  rendered  unruly  by  their  wounds,  fell  back  upon  the  bag- 
gage-animals ;  and  others,  in  their  impetuous  advance,  drove 
before  them  all  that  fell  in  their  way  upon  this  difficult  ground. 
Very  great  confusion  was  thus  created.  When  Hannibal  saw  this, 
and  reflected  that  even  those  who  escaped  such  dangers  would 
have  no  chance  of  preservation  ultimately,  if  the  baggage-animals 
were  lost,  he  set  in  motion  the  soldiers  who,  during  the  night,  had 
taken  possession  of  the  heights,  and  rushed  down  to  the  succour 
of  the  foremost  column  in  the  line  of  march  ^  By  this  move- 
ment many  of  the  enemy  were  destroyed,  in  consequence  of 
Hannibal  attaching  them  from  the  heights  above  them ;  but  the  loss 
ichich  he  caused  to  his  own  army  was  equally  great.  For  the 
tumult  on  the  line  of  march  was  increased  on  both  sides  (Alio- 
broges  and  Carthaginians)  in  consequence  of  the  shouts  of  the 
newly-arrived  troops,  and  their  intermingling  in  the  conflict. 
But  when  Hannibal  had  destroyed  the  greater  number  of  the 
AUobroges,  and  forced  the  remnant  of  them  to  fly  homewards, 
then  all  the  baggage-animals  and  horses  which  were  left,  with 
much  labour  and  trouble  effected  their  passage  through  the  difficult 
places.  Meanwhile,  Hannibal  collected  as  many  of  his  soldiers  as 
he  could  after  this  perilous  service,  and  fell  upon  the  town  from 
which  the  enemy  had  made  their  attack :  and  finding  it  almost 
deserted,  in  consequence  of  all  its  inhabitants  having  gone  out  in 
hope  of  plunder,  he  became  master  of  it.  This  capture  ensured 
him  many  present  and  subsequent  advantages.  He  recovered  im- 
mediate possession  of  a  number  of  his  horses  and  beasts  of  burden, 
and  the  men  who  had  been  made  jyrisoners  with  them,  and  gained  a 
supply  of  corn  and  cattle  sufficient  for  two  or  three  days'  con- 
sumption. But  the  chief  advantage  which  resulted  was,  that  he 
inspired  such  great  alarm  among  the  people  adjacent  to  the 
ascent 2,  that  none  of  them  for  the  future  ventured  lightly  to 
attack  him. 


^  Read  here  with  Casaubon,  Gronovius,  and  Bekker,  irpoKa^ovcri. 
2  (i.e.)  adjacent  to  tho  district  where  ho  then  was,  which  was  that 
whore  the  ascent  to  the  mountains  first  began. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  11 

Chap.  52. 

HAViNa  then  encamped  there  and  remained  one  day,  he  pro- 
ceeded onwards.    During  the  days    iMiiEDiAiELT  follotvixg  he 

LED  ON  THE   ARMY  SAPELY  FOR   SOME    DISTANCE  :    BUT    ON   THE   FOURTH 
DAY  HE  AGAIN  HAD  TO  ENCOUNTER  GREAT  DANGERS.       For  the  people 

who  Hved  along  his  route,  having  formed  a  treacherous  design 
against  him,  went  out  to  meet  him  with  crowns  and  branches  of 
trees , — now  these  among  Barbarians  are  considered  almost  uni- 
versally as  tokens  of  amicable  intentions,  as  is  the  case  with  the 
herald's  wand  among  the  Greeks.  But  Hannibal,  cautious  of 
giving  too  easy  credence  to  them,  made  careful  enquiry  into 
their  aims  and  intentions.  They  alleged  their  perfect  knowledge 
of  the  capture  of  the  town,  and  the  destruction  of  the  people 
who  had  attempted  to  injure  Hannibal ;  and  affirmed  that  those 
events  had  induced  them  to  seek  that  interview,  as  they  were 
anxious  to  prevent  the  occurrence  of  mutual  hostilities.  They 
also  promised  to  give  some  of  their  own  people  as  hostages  to 
the  Carthaginians.  Hannibal  continued  for  a  long  time  on  his 
guard  against  them,  and  distrusted  their  representations :  but 
when  he  considered,  that  if  he  were  to  accept  their  overtures, 
he  would,  in  all  probability,  render  them  more  cautious  ^  and  well 
disposed ;  whereas,  if  he  rejected  them,  he  would  certainly  incur 
their  open  hostility ; — (for  these  reasons)  he  assented  to  their 
proposals,  and  affected  to  engage  in  alliance  with  them.  The 
Barbarians  gave  the  hostages  they  had  promised,  supplied  the 
troops  with  cattle  in  great  abundance,  and  so  unreservedly 
placed  themselves  in  the  hands  of  the  Carthaginians,  that  the 
latter  trusted  to  them  as  guides  through  the  difiicult  places  they 
next  encountered.  When  these  Bai'barifuis  had  led  the  ivay  in  the 
van  for  tioo  days,  the  tribes  before  mentioned  having  collected 
their  forces  and  followed  on  the  rear  of  the  Carthaginians,  at- 
tacked them  as  they  were  passing  through  a  difficidt  and  precipi- 
tous ravine. 

Chap.  53. 

All  would  again  have  been  lost,  had  it  not  been  that  Hannibal, 
still  to  a  certain  extent  distrusting  the  Barbarians,  and  providing 
against  the  issue,  had  placed  his  bagrjage-animals  aJid  cavalry  in 
the  van,  and  his  heavy  infantry  in  the  rear.  The  protection 
which  these  afforded  mitigated  the  calamity,  for  the  heavy  infan- 
try succeeded  in  icithstanding  the  attacks  of  the  JJarbarians.     Not- 


1   This  word  pro1)al)ly  relates  to  tho  safety  of  tlio  hostages,  which 
would  bo  coniproiniscd  by  tho  bad  faith  of  the   IJarbarinns. 


12        HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

withstanding  this  circumstance  however,  a  considerable  number  of 
men,  baggage-animals,  and  horses  toere  destroyed.  For  the  Bar- 
barians, being  in  jjossession  of  the  heights,  and  marching  along  the 
mountain-sides  in  a  parallel  line  to  the  Carthaginian  columns,  Jcept 
rolling  doion  rocTcs  from  above  upon  part  of  the  army,  and  ivounded 
others  from  a  nearer  distance  by  hurling  stones  at  them.  So  utter 
was  the  consternation,  and  so  great  the  danger  occasioned  by 
this  attack,  that  Hannibal  was  obliged  to  pass  the  night  ivith  half 
his  army  near  a  certain  strong  white  rocJc,  away  from  the  cavalry 
and  baggage-animals,  thereby  affording  protection  to  the  latter, 
until  they  had  with  difficulty  defiled  through  the  ravine,  an 
operation  which  occupied  the  whole  night.  Hannibal  hav- 
ing ON  THE  FOLLOWING  DAY,  WHEN  THE  ENEMY  HAD  RETIRED,  RE- 
JOINED HIS  CAVALRY  AND  BAGGAGE-ANIMALS,  LED  ON  HIS  ARMY  TO 
THE  HIGHEST  SUMMITS  OP  THE  AlPS,  WITHOUT  MEETING  AGAIN  WITH 
ANY  CONSIDERABLE  BODY  OF  THE  BARBARIi\JNS,  ALTHOUGH  PARTS  OF  HIS 
ARMY    WERE    HARASSED    BY    THEM    AT    VARIOUS    PLACES    ON    THE   ROAD. 

For  they,  watching  their  opportunity,  assaulted  and  carried  off 
the  baggage-animals,  sometimes  from  the  reai',  and  sometimes 
from  the  van,  of  the  line  of  march.  Upon  these  occasions,  the 
elephants  were  of  very  great  service ;  for  the  Barbarians  were  so 
much  alarmed  at  the  extraordinary  appearance  of  these  animals, 
that  they  were  deterred  from  attacking  any  part  of  the  line  of 
march  where  the  elephants  were  to  be  found.  On  the  ninth  day 
Hannibal  arrived  at  the  summit  op  the  mountains  ;  and,  en- 
camping THERE,  REMAINED  TWO  DAYS,  AS  HE  WISHED  TO  GIVE  SOME 
REPOSE  TO  THOSE  TROOPS  WHO  HAD  ALREADY  ARRIVED  SAFELY,  AND 
TO  WAIT  FOR  THOSE    WHO    HAD    FALLEN  BEHIND.       During  this  period 

many  of  the  horses  Avhich  had  bioken  loose  in  their  fright,  and 
many  of  the  baggage-animals  which  had  got  rid  of  their  burdens, 
unexpectedly  joined  them  in  the  camp,  having  followed  appa- 
rently the  tracks  of  the  army. 

Chap.  54. 

The  snow  was  now  gathering  around  the  summits  of  the  moun- 
tains (for  it  was  near  the  time  of  the  setting  of  the  Pleiades  ^) ; 
and  Hannibal,  observing  that  the  soldiers  were  much  dispirited 
by  the  sufferings  they  had  already  undergone,  and  the  anticipa- 
tion of  those  which  yet  awaited  them,  called  them  together  and 
endeavoured  to  raise  their  spirits.  The  prospect  of  Italy  offered 
itself  as  the  only  means  by  which  this  result  could  be  attained.  For 
Italy  lies  extended  beneath  these  mountains  in  such  a  manner, 
that,  when  both  arc  seen  together,  the  Alps  seem  to  occupy  the 


1  The  last  week  in  Octoher, 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.        13 

position  of  a  citadel  to  the  whole  of  Italy.  Accordingly  Hanni- 
bal, pointing  out  to  Jiis  men  the  plains  circumjacent  to  the  Po,  and 
reminding  them  of  the  goodwill  which  the  Gauls  who  dwelt  there 
entertained  towards  them,  and  at  the  same  time  indicating  to 
them  the  quarter  in  ivhich  Borne  itself^  lay,  succeeded  to  a  certain 
degree  in  raising  their  drooping  spirits.      The  following  day  he 

BROKE  UP  HIS  CAMP,  AND  COMMENCED  HIS  DESCENT,  DURING  WHICH  HE 
ONLY  SUFFERED  FROM  FURTIVE  ATTACKS  ON  THE  PART  OP  THE  ENEMY; 
YET  IN  CONSEQUENCE  OF  THE  SNOW  AND  THE  NATURE  OF  THE  GROUND, 
HIS  LOSS  WAS  NEARLY  AS  GREAT  AS  IT  HAD  BEEN  DURING  THE  AS- 
CENT. For  as  the  ivay  doion  ivas  narroiv  and  steep,  and  the  snow 
made  every  one  uncertain  of  his  path ;  all,  both  men  and  animals, 
that  fell  out  of  the  trach  or  missed  their  footing,  ivere  carried  down 
the  precipices.  Still,  however,  they  bore  these  hardships  with 
the  patience  of  men  already  habituated  to  similar  calamities. 
But  ivhen  they  arrived  at  a  place  ichere  it  icas  impossible  for  the 
elephants  or  baggage-animals  to  pass  on  account  of  the  narroiciiess 
of  the  ivay  {the  broJcen  ground  which  previously  occurred  here  for 
a  length  of  a  stadium  and  a  half  having  recently  suffered  additional 
disruption),  the  army  teas  again  greatly  dispirited  and  perplexed. 
The  Carthaginian  general  at  first  proposed  to  make  a  circuit 
round  the  difficult  ground,  but  as  the  fresh  snow  that  had  fallen 
rendered  this  impracticable,  he  desisted  from  his  attempt. 

Chap.  55. 

For  the  circumstances  were  peculiar  and  extraordinary. 
Upon  the  snow  previously  existing,  and  which  had  remained 
from  the  preceding  winter,  the  snow  of  the  present  year  had 
lately  fallen.  Now  they  found  this  latter  snow  easy  to  penetrate 
and  soft,  because  it  was  fresh,  and  not  as  yet  of  any  depth.  But 
as  soon  as  they  had  trodden  through  this,  and  reached  the  com- 
pacted snow  beneath,  they  were  unable  to  penetrate  it;  but 
both  their  feet  slipped  away  along  its  surface,  as  is  sometimes  the 
case  with  people  walking  over  ground  of  which  the  surface  is 
covered  with  mud.  But  what  ensued  was  still  more  calamitous. 
As  the  men  were  unable  to  penetrate  the  lower  snow,  whenever 
upon  falling  they  tried  to  support  themselves  upon  their  hands  and 
knees  and  to  get  up  again,  they  only  found  that  they  made  them- 
selves slip  still  more,  and  carried  with  them  whatever  they  laid 
hold  upon  for  support — for  the  declivity  was  one  of  excessive 
steepness.  The  baggage-animals,  on  the  contrary,  when  they  fell, 
broke  through  the  surface  of  the  lower  snow  in  their  attempt  to 
rise,  and  there  remained  firmly  fixed  with  their  burdens,  in  con- 
sequence of  the  weight  they  bene,  and  the  compact  nature  of 
the  old  snow.     Accordingly  Hannibal,  giving  up  all  hope  of  car- 


]4  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

rjdng  out  his  first  plan,  encamped  about  the  crest  of  the  ridge, 
having-  first  cleared  away  the  snow  upon  it.  He  then  employed 
large  numbers  of  his  soldiers  in  huilding  up  the  precipice,  a  task 
of  great  labour  and  difficulty.  In  one  day  a  way  ivas  completed 
stifficient  for  the  passage  of  the  horses  and  haggage-animals. 
Hannibal,  therefore,  made  them  pass  at  once ;  and  then  encamp- 
ing in  a  position  where  snow  was  found  no  longer,  he  let  them 
loose  to  seek  pasturage.  He  then  employed  parties  of  the  Nu- 
midians  in  turn  upon  the  construction  (of  the  path  along  the 
broken  precipice) ;  and,  after  three  days  of  hardship,  he  managed 
with  difficulty  to  make  the  elephants  pass.  They  were  indeed 
reduced  by  famine  to  a  miserable  condition.  For  the  summits 
of  the  Alps,  and  the  acclivities  of  the  passes,  are  entirely  without 
trees  and  quite  barren,  in  consequence  of  the  snow  which  re- 
mains there  both  Avinter  and  summer,  while  the  lower  half  of  the 
mountains,  on  both  sides,  abounds  in  underwood  and  trees,  and 
is  altogether  habitable. 

Chap.  56. 

HLynxibal,  having  reassembled  his  whole  force,  continued  his 
descent,  and  on  the  third  day  after  leaving  the  precipices  u'Jiich 
have  been  described,  7'eached  the  plain,  having  lost,  during  his 
whole  march,  many  of  his  soldiers  from  hostile  attacks,  and  by 
crossing  rivers,  and  many  also  in  the  Alps,  on  account  of  the 
precipices  and  other  difficulties  of  the  route ;  while  the  loss  of 
horses  and  baggage-animals  from  the  last  causes  was  still  greater 
than  that   of   men.      Thus  at   length,   ha\t:xg   completed  his 

MARCH    FROM    NeW    CaRTHAGE  IN  FIVE  MONTHS,   AND   HIS   PASSAGE  OP 

THE    Alps   in   fifteen   days,    he  boldly   descentjed   into    the 

PLAINS    OF    the    Po,  AND  THE  COUNTRY  OF    THE    InSUBRIANS.       Of  his 

Libyan  forces,  12,000  infantry  were  all  that  survived;  and  of  his 
Iberian  forces,  8000 ;  the  cavalry  that  were  left  not  amounting 
to  more  than  6000  ;  and  this  statement  of  numbers  is  given  by 
Hannibal  himself  in  the  inscription  upon  the  column  at  Laci- 
nium. 

Chap.  60. 

We  have  already  mentioned  the  amount  of  the  forces  with 
which  Hannibal  invaded  Italy.  Upon  his  entry,  having  encamped 
at  the  very  foot  of  the  Alps,  he  spent  some  time  in  restoring 
the  strength  of  his  troops.  For  the  whole  army  had  not 
only  sullered  very  severely  during  the  ascent  and  descent,  and 
in  the  rugged  country  about  the  summit  of  the  pass ;  but  they 
were  also  in  a  Avretched  condition  from  the  want  of  provisions 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.        15 

they  had  exiDeriencecl,  and  the  unavoidable  neglect  of  then- 
bodily  health.  Many  indeed  were  depressed  to  the  lowest  state 
by  the  privations  and  incessant  hardships  they  had  undergone. 
For  it  was  impossible  to  convey  food  in  quantities  sufficient  for 
so  many  thousand  men,  through  a  country  which  presented  such 
difficulties  :  and  even  of  the  provisions  which  they  did  convey 
with  them,  the  greater  part  was  lost  when  the  beasts  which 
carried  them  perished.  And  thus,  having  begun  his  march,  after 
the  passage  of  the  Rhone,  with  38,000  infantry,  and  more  than 
8000  cavalry,  he  lost,  as  I  have  before  mentioned,  nearly  half  his 
whole  force  in  the  passage  of  the  Alps ;  and  even  those  who  did 
survive,  had  become  from  incessant  hardship  quite  savage  in  ap- 
pearance and  condition.  Hannibal,  therefore,  used  his  utmost 
efforts  to  revive  the  spirits  of  his  army,  and  to  restore  the  strength 
of  both  men  and  horses.  When  the  army  had  now  completely 
recovered,  Hannibal  tried  to  effect  an  alliance  with  the  Taurini,  a 
nation  dwelling  at  the  foot  of  the  mountains,  who  were  at  war 
with  the  Insubrians,  and  distrusted  the  Carthaginians.  Upon  their 
rejection  of  the  offers  of  Hannibal,  he  invested  then*  principal 
city;  and,  having  taken  it  after  three  days'  siege,  he  put  to  the 
sword  all  that  had  opposed  him,  and  inspired  such  terror  in  the 
minds  of  the  neighbouring  barbarians,  that  they  all  came  imme- 
diately and  threw  themselves  upon  his  protection.  The  remain- 
ing tribes  also  of  the  Celtae,  who  dwelt  in  the  plains,  were  very 
anxious  to  co-operate  with  the  Carthaginians  according  to  their 
original  intention ;  but  the  lloman  legions  having  already  passed 
through  the  country  where  the  greater  part  of  them  dwelt,  and  so 
cut  them  off  (from  the  Carthaginians),  they  either  remained  neu- 
tral, or  were  even  obliged  in  some  cases  to  join  the  Roman  army. 
When  Hannibal  considered  these  things,  he  determined  to  lose 
no  time,  but  to  advance  forward  and  achieve  some  success,  which 
might  serve  to  encourage  all  those  who  were  willing  to  share  the 
fortunes  of  the  Carthaginians. 


CHAPTER   III. 

Discussion  of  the  narrative  of  Polybius,  from  the  passage  of  the 
Rhone  to  the  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  Alps. — Iden- 
tification of  the  Scaras  of  Polybius  with  the  modern  Isere. — 
The  Island  of  Polybius  the  district  between  the  Rhone  and  the 
Isere. — Polybius  only  partially  acquainted  with  this  district. — 
Conclusion  drawn  that  Hannibal  must  have  marched  up  the  left 
bank  of  the  Isere,  and  not  up  the  Rhone,  from  the  junction  of 
the  two  rivers. 


THE  course  of  Hannibars  march  from  New  Carthage 
has  been  ah-eady  traced.  After  crossing  the  Pyrenees 
and  the  Rhone,  he  proceeded  upwards  along  the  eastern 
bank  of  that  river  until  he  came  to  a  district  called  the 
Island,  which  Polybius  compares  in  form  and  size  to  the 
Egyptian  Delta.  One  side  of  this  triangular  district  was 
formed  by  the  Rhone^  another  by  the  confluent  stream  of 
a  river  called  the  Scaras,  and  the  third  by  a  range  of  almost 
inaccessible  mountains  extending  across  from  the  Scaras 
to  the  Rhone.  The  first  division  of  the  march  from  the 
passage  of  the  Rhone  to  the  plains  of  Italy  terminates  at 
this  district,  and  must  of  course  be  supposed  to  end  at  the 
point  where  Hannibal  first  came  upon  its  borders :  for  that 
would  be  the  place  where  he  would  naturally  be  said  to 
arrive  at  it,  besides  being  the  only  definite  point  where 
the  march  could  be  broken  off".  Now,  as  Hannibal 
marched  along  the  bank  of  the  Rhone,  which  formed  one 
side  of  the  Island ;  and  as  the  Scaras,  a  river  falling  into 
the  Rhone,  formed  its  second  side ;  it  must  have  been  at 
the  junction  of  these  two  rivers  that  the  account  of  Han- 
nibal's march  is  broken  off*  by  Polybius ;  and  it  must  be 
from  the  same  place  that  he  afterwards  resumes  it,  when 
he  has  completed  the  narration  of  the  events  which  took 
place  at  the  Island.  The  first  point  therefore  to  determine 
is,  what  was  this  river  which  Polybius  calls  the  Scaras. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.        17 

Now  the  name  Scaras  is  unknown  in  Roman  geo- 
graphy, but  may  be  shewn  to  be  virtually  identical  with 
Isaras ;  and  the  river  Scaras  must  consequently  be  the 
Roman  Isara,  the  modern  Isere.  The  word  Isara  or  Isaras 
is  plainly  a  compound  word,  the  elements  of  which  are 
Is-aras.  Of  the  derivation  of  its  latter  element  aras  there 
can  be  little  doubt.  It  is  of  the  same  origin  as  the  Roman 
Arar,  (the  Saone)  which  is  a  reduplication  of  the  syllable  ar, 
one  of  those  syllables  consisting  either  of  the  vowel  a  alone, 
or  of  the  same  vowel  combined  with  various  consonants, 
which  form,  either  singly  or  reduplicated,  the  appellations 
of  water  and  rivers  in  many  languages,  both  of  the  East 
and  the  West.  There  might  be  cited,  as  examples,  the 
Persian  ah,  the  Latin  aqua,  the  Ach  or  Ache  of  the  Aus- 
trian Alps,  the  Swiss  or  French  Aa,  the  Swiss  Aar,  the 
Anas  of  Boetica,  and  many  other  words  of  similar  formation. 
The  Is  of  the  word  Isaras  has  however  another  origin,  and 
is  identical  with  the  Celtic  uisg  or  uisge  "water,"  a  term 
which  is  still  applied  to  some  of  the  streams  of  the  Scotch 
Highlands,  and  from  which,  by  corruption,  such  names  of 
rivers  as  Ouse,  Usk,  Esk,  Exe,  &c.,  are  derived.  Of  the 
Celtic  uisg,  the  Romans,  as  in  the  case  of  the  Usk,  formed 
the  word  Isca,  which  may  thus  be  taken  as  the  classic 
form  of  the  Celtic  word.  The  two  elements  therefore,  Avhich 
enter  into  the  name  Is-aras  are  Isca  and  Aras;  which, 
when  blended  into  one  Avord,  would  give  Iscaras  as  the  pri- 
mitive form  of  Isaras.  By  the  omission  of  the  initial  vowel, 
the  Greek  word  Scaras  at  once  results ;  while  the  Latin 
Isara  is  clearly  but  a  more  euphonious  form  of  Iscaras.  "We 
may  thus  conclude  that  Scaras  and  Isara  are  both  merely 
different  forms  of  one  word,  Iscaras,  and  that  the  river 
Scaras  of  Polybius  is  tlie  modern  Iscre.  The  Isca  and  the 
Aras  would,  in  all  probability,  be  the  names  of  the  two 
principal  rivers  which  united  to  form  the  Iscaras ;  the  Isca 
being  upon  this  supposition  identified  with  the  U^p])cr  Iserc, 
the  river  of  the  Tarantaise ;  and  the  Aras  Avith  the  Arc, 
the  river  of  the  Maurienne\ 

The  distances  given  by  Polybius  arc  in  perfect  accord- 

'  Similar  derivations  of  the  iianioa  of  rivers  arc  given  l>y  Dr  Donald< 
BOn  in  liis    Varronianus,  p.  45,  (2nd  Edit.) 

2 


18  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS. 

ance  with  the  conclusion  that  the  Scaras  and  the  Isere  are 
identical.  From  the  point  where  Hannibal  passed  the 
Ehone  to  the  "ascent  of  the  Alps,"  the  length  of  the  march 
w^as  1400  stadia.  From  the  Island  also,  that  is  to  say, 
from  the  junction  of  the  Rhone  and  the  Scaras,  there  was 
a  march  of  800  stadia  to  the  same  point.  There  was  there- 
fore a  distance  of  600  stadia  or  75  Roman  miles  from  the 
point  where  the  Rhone  was  crossed,  to  the  junction  of  the 
Scaras  and  the  Rhone.  The  place  where  the  Carthaginians 
passed  the  Rhone  was  also  at  a  distance  of  about  1600 
stadia  or  200  Roman  miles  from  Emporium,  and  nearly 
four  days'  march  from  the  sea. 

These  distances  are  in  themselves  almost,  if  not  quite, 
sufficient  to  prove,  that  Hannibal  crossed  the  Rhone  at  or 
near  Roquemaure,  and  that  the  Scaras  of  Polybius  was  the 
Isere.  The  question  has  been  argued  satisfactorily  by  M. 
Deluc  upon  these  grounds  ^  Following  the  Roman  itine- 
raries as  far  as  possible,  he  gives  the  distance  between  the 
ancient  Emporium  and  Roquemaure  at  206.2  Roman  miles; 
the  distance  between  the  eastern  embouchure  of  the  Rhone 
and  a  point  on  that  river  opposite  Roquemaure  at  64^ 
Roman  miles ;  and  the  distance  from  this  latter  point  to 
the  junction  of  the  Rhone  and  Isere  at  75  Roman  miles. 
The  last  of  these  distances  is  accurately  the  same  as  the 
distance  of  600  stadia,  deduced  from  Polybius  as  the 
length  of  the  march  from  the  passage  of  the  Rhone  to  the 
confluence  of  the  Scaras.  The  actual  206.2  Roman  miles 
between  Emporium  and  Roquemaure  make  also  a  distance 
nearly  in  accordance  with  that  given  by  Polybius,  who 
states  it  as  being  about  1600  stadia  or  200  Roman  miles. 
Finally,  the  distance  of  64 1^  Roman  miles,  from  the  point 
on  the  Rhone  opposite  Roquemaure  to  the  eastern  embou- 
chure of  the  Rhone,  would  be  a  distance  that  might  be 
well  described  as  rather  under  four  days'  march,  as  Han- 

1  Histoire  du  passage  des  Alpes  par  Annibal.  Ukert  conjectures 
tliat  Hannibal  crossed  the  river  lower  down,  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
Beaucaii-e ;  a  supposition  which  is  also  adopted  in  a  very  able  article 
in  the  Philological  Museum,  on  Hannibal's  passage  of  the  Alps.  On 
many  material  points,  however,  as  will  be  afterwards  found,  the  views 
advocated  in  this  treatise  receive  the  sanction  of  the  learned  writer  of 
the  article  alluded  to. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS.  19 

nibal,  after  having  passed  the  Ehone,  marched  to  the  con- 
fluence of  the  Scaras,  a  distance  of  75  Eoman  miles,  in 
four  complete  dajs. 

The  description  which  Polybius  gives  of  the  district 
called  the  Island,  though  not  minutely  accurate,  is  yet 
sufficiently  so  for  its  recognition.  Two  sides  of  it,  he  says, 
were  bounded  by  the  Rhone  and  the  Scaras  :  its  third  side 
was  formed  by  a  chain  of  almost  impracticable  mountains. 
These  mountains  spoken  of  by  Polybius  form  what  is 
called  the  Chartreuse  range,  the  celebrated  monastery  of 
the  Grande  Chartreuse  being  inclosed  among  them.  They 
extend  northward  from  Grenoble  to  the  outlet  of  the  lake 
of  Bourget,  and  form  the  connecting  link  between  the 
Alps  and  the  Jura,  though  not  strictly  belonging  to  either 
mountain-system.  On  the  east,  they  are  separated  from 
the  Alps  by  the  Vale  of  Graisivaudan,  (the  French  part  of 
the  valley  of  the  Isere)  by  the  valley  of  Chambery,  and  by 
the  lake  of  Bourget,  On  the  south-west,  they  are  also 
separated  from  the  Alps  by  a  portion  of  the  Vale  of  Graisi- 
vaudan. On  the  north-west,  the  Rhone  divides  them  from 
the  Jura :  and  on  the  Avest,  the  river  Guiers,  which  marks 
the  frontier  between  France  and  Savoy,  and  a  line  drawn 
from  Les  Echelles  to  Moirans,  may  be  assigned  as  the 
limits  between  them  and  the  hilly  part  of  the  district 
bqjtween  the  Rhone  and  the  Isere.  The  character  which 
Polybius  gives  these  mountains  is  perfectly  accurate. 
Tlieir  extreme  western  face  rises  suddenly  and  precipi- 
tously from  the  country  they  overlook,  and  presents  a  long 
barrier  of  rock  so  apparently  impracticable,  as  fully  to  bear 
out  Polybius'  strong  expressions,  that  these  mountains 
were  difficult  of  approach  and  entrance,  and  almost  inac- 
cessible. 

Yet,  though  the  Island  of  Polybius  may  tlnis  be  iden- 
tified by  tlie  nature  of  the  boundaries  he  lias  assigned  to  it, 
his  acquaintance  with  it  does  not  seem  to  have  been  per- 
fect. The  comparison  of  it  to  tlie  l^q-yptian  Delta  is  not 
very  fortunate.  It  is  considerably  loss  in  si/c  than  the 
Figyptian  district,  and  does  not  entirely  resemble  a  Delta 
in  form.  For,  in  order  that  this  comparison  nu'ght  hold, 
the  course  of   the    JUionc,    from    the    conliucnce    of   the 


20  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

Isere    to    the    foot    of   tlie    Chartreuse    mountains    near 
St  Genix,  ought  to  be  straight.     Yet  the  course  of  this 
river  (reckoning  upwards)  is  only  straight  as  far  as  Lyons. 
It  there  changes  its  direction  from  north  to  east,  assumes 
subsequently,  for  a  short  distance,  a  north-easterly  course, 
and  finally  makes  a  sudden  flexure  towards  the  south-east, 
retaining  the  same  direction  as  far    as    St   Genix.     The 
only  way  of  accounting  for  this  defective  description  of 
the  Island  seems  to  be,  by  supposing  Polybius  not  to  have 
been  personally  acquainted  with  the  northern  parts  of  that 
district.     It  is  true  that  he  would  have  no  maps  to  assist 
him  in  forming  a  conception  of  the  country,  but  could  only 
judge  of  its  figure  and  nature  by  the  eye.      Yet,  even  with 
these  disadvantages,  it  hardly  appears   probable   that  he 
could  have  been  ignorant  of  the   flexures   of  the  Rhone 
above  Lyons,  or  could  have  looked  upon  it  as  running  a 
straight  course.     The  length  also  of  the  base  of  the  Char- 
treuse mountains,  extending  from  Moirans  to  St  Genix,  is 
much  too  short  to  alloAv  them  to  be  cited  as  standing  in 
the  same  relation  to  the  Island  that  the  sea  does  to  the 
Egyptian  Delta.    If,  however,  we  suppose  Polybius  only  to 
have  visited  the  southern  parts  of  the  Island,  the  resem- 
blance which  he  finds  between  it  and  the  Egyptian  Delta 
is  readily  understood.    The  Isere  does  actually  run  nearly  a 
straight  course  from  the  edge  of  the  base  of  the  Chartreuse 
mountains  near  JMoirans  down  to  its  confluence  with  the 
Rhone,  and  therefore  corresponds  perfectly  to  the  eastern 
arm  of  the  Nile.     The   course  of  the   Rhone  also    from 
Lyons  downward  may  be  considered  straight,  and  will  thus 
represent   the   western  branch  of  the  Nile,  if  its   course 
above  Lyons   be    supposed   unknown,    and   the    river    be 
imagined,  as  was  probably  the  case  with  Polybius,  to  pre- 
serve  the  same  direction  above  that  city  which  it   does 
below.     Upon  this  supposition,    the  Rhone   above  Lyons 
would  be  conceived  by  Polybius,  not  as  penetrating  from 
the  lake  of  Geneva  between  the  Jura  and  the  Chartreuse 
mountains,  but  as  lying  on  the  west,  instead  of  the  east, 
of  the  Jura  range.     The  mountains  therefore  which  Poly- 
bius  speaks   of  as  forming  the  third  side   of  the   Island, 
Avould  not  now  be  merely  the  Chartreuse  range,  but  would 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS,  21 

include,  besides,  the  extremity  of  the  Jura,  extending  as 
a  continuation  of  the  Chartreuse  mountains  from  the 
Rhone  to  the  Ain,  and  thus  nearly  reaching  the  ima- 
ginary prolongation  of  the  Rhone  above  Lyons.  Both 
these  systems  of  mountains  would  appear  from  the  country 
of  the  Island  as  a  connected  group,  and  would  naturally 
be  considered  to  form  as  such  one  of  the  boundaries  of  the 
district. 

Upon  the  supposition  therefore  that  Polybius  had  not 
visited  the  northern  parts  of  the  country  between  the 
Rhone  and  the  Isere,  the  discrepancies  in  the  imagined 
resemblance  between  the  Island  and  the  Egyptian  Delta 
may  be  accounted  for ;  for  the  similarity  holds  good  to  the 
eye,  if  the  course  of  the  Rhone  above  Lyons  be  supposed 
unknown,  and  the  Jura  and  Chartreuse  mountains  be  taken 
together  as  one  mountain  boundary.  That  Polybius  also 
exaggerates  the  size  of  the  Island  is  another  argument 
that  he  was  not  fully  acquainted  with  it.  Yet,  if  he  was 
ignorant  of  any  district  in  it,  that  district  must  have  been 
the  northern  or  more  remote  portion  of  the  Island :  for, 
if  he  was  acquainted  with  those  parts  of  it,  he  could  not 
have  been  ignorant  of  the  southern  parts.  That  the  Island 
was  the  country  between  the  Rhone  and  the  Isere,  ap- 
pears clearly,  as  has  been  previously  shewn,  from  the  dis- 
tances given  by  Polybius,  and  from  the  identity  of  the  names 
Scaras  and  Isaras.  The  defective  resemblance  between 
this  tract  of  country  and  the  Egyptian  Delta  does  not 
invalidate  this  fact,  but  only  leads  us  to  conclude  that 
Polybius  had  not  visited  the  northern  parts  of  the  country; 
a  conclusion  which  will  be  found  of  some  importance  in 
the  investigation  of  the  route  by  which  Hannibal  reached 
the  first  ascent  of  the  Alps^ 


1  It  m:iy  bo  hero  observed,  that  this  country,  though  not  conforming 
accurately  to  the  shape  of  a  Delta,  but  only  taking  that  form  in  the  mind 
of  one  not  thorouglily  acquainted  with  it,  is  yet  exceedingly  well  described 
by  the  native  name  of  'the  Island.'  With  the  exception  of  the  lino 
drawn  from  tho  Iscro  near  Moirans  to  tho  Rhone  near  St  Gonix,  a  lino 
hardly  exceeding  20  miles  in  length,  those  two  rivers  form  its  entire 
bounflary  Consequently,  out  of  a  circumference  of  nearly  180  miles,  it 
is  surrounded   for  about  lOO  miles,  or  eight-ninths  of  tbo  wholo  circuit, 


22  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS. 

This  route  is  the  subject  which  has  now  immediately 
to  be  considered.  After  having  established  the  elder  of 
the  two  contending  brothers  in  the  sovereignty  of  the 
Island,  Hannibal  resumed  his  march  under  the  escort  of  a 
band  of  the  men  of  that  district'.  This  march  must  be 
supposed  to  be  resumed  from  the  point  where  Polybius 
breaks  off  his  narrative  of  the  previous  march ;  from  the 
confluence,  that  is  to  say,  of  the  Khone  and  the  Isere. 
And  here  a  difficulty  at  once  arises  to  be  resolved :  for  the 
resumed  march  is  said  to  have  lain  hy  the  river  side  for  a 
distance  of  800  stadia  or  100  Koman  miles.  Which  then 
of  the  two  rivers,  the  Rhone  and  the  Isere,  from  whose 
junction  he  started,  was  the  river  which  Hannibal  followed 
up? 

The  previous  narrative  of  Polybius  would  at  first  lead 
us  to  imagine  that  it  was  the  Rhone.  For  in  the  39th 
chapter  it  is  stated,  that,  after  the  passage  of  the  Rhone, 
Hannibal  went  along  the  very  river  bank  towards  its  source, 
until  he  arrived  at  the  ascent  of  the  Alps  on  the  way  to 
Italy.  Now  from  this  account  it  is  certainly  most  natural 
to  conclude,  that  it  was  the  same  river  which  was  followed 
up  all  the  way  to  the  beginning  of  the  Alpine  ascent ;  and 
not  in  the  first  part  of  the  march  the  Rhone,  and  in  the 
second  the  Isere.  Another  apparent  argument  in  favour 
of  the  Rhone  is,  that  Hannibars  operations  in  the  Island 
must  have  obliged  him  to  cross  the  Isere,  and  led  him 
away  from  the  banks  of  that  river.  This  last  argument  is 
however  of  no  weight.  The  transactions  in  the  Island  are 
quite  episodical  to  the  rest  of  the  march,  and  seem  to  be 
kept  perfectly  distinct  by  Polybius,  who  breaks  off  his  nar- 
rative of  the  progress  of  the  army,  for  the  purpose  of 
relating  them,  at  the  junction  of  the  Rhone  and  the  Isere, 


by  the  waters  of  two  large  and  navigable  rivers.  Under  these  circum- 
stances, and  considering  that  it  is  an  inland  district,  the  name  of '  Island/ 
as  applied  to  it,  is  a  very  expressive  and  appropriate  designation. 

1  The  Island  afterwards  formed  part  of  the  country  of  the  Allobro- 
ges.  This  does  not,  however,  appear  to  have  been  the  case  in  the  time 
of  Hannibal,  for  Polybius  speaks  of 'the  Gauls  called  AUobroges,'  as  if 
they  were  entirely  a  different  people.  See  Philological  Museum,  '  Han- 
nibal's Passage  of  the  Alps.' 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  23 

as  if  to  intimate  that  the  bulk  of  the  army  went  no  further 
northward  at  that  time  along  the  Khone.  The  transactions 
at  the  Island  stand  indeed,  in  their  relation  to  this  part  of 
the  march,  quite  in  the  same  position  as  the  subjection  of 
the  Spanish  nations  between  the  Ebro  and  the  Pyrenees 
does  to  the  march  along  the  coast  in  that  part  of  Spain.  To 
subdue  these  nations,  Hannibal  must  have  left  the  coast, 
and  penetrated  into  the  interior  of  the  country ;  and  yet, 
in  spite  of  these  inevitable  deviations,  Polybius  makes 
Hannibal's  march  to  lie  throughout  along  the  coast  of 
Spain  from  New  Carthage  to  Emporium.  Indeed,  had  he 
adopted  any  other  system,  great  confusion  must  have  been 
the  result,  and  all  estimation  of  distances  nearly  imprac- 
ticable. All  the  marchings  and  countermarchings  there- 
fore, which  Hannibal  performed  in  the  course  of  his  opera- 
tions against  these  Spanish  tribes,  from  the  time  he  left 
the  coast-road  until  the  time  that  he  returned  to  it,  are 
entirely  omitted  by  Polybius  in  his  relation  of  the  progress 
of  the  great  march.  The  transactions  at  the  Island  seem 
to  be  treated  by  him  in  the  same  manner.  Before  pro- 
ceeding to  relate  them,  he  arrests  the  march  of  the  army 
at  the  confluence  of  the  Iserc  with  the  Rhone,  measuring 
the  distance  up  to  that  point.  Xo  distances  whatsoever 
are  mentioned  while  the  operations  in  the  Island  are 
related.  After  concluding  his  account  of  those  events,  the 
estimation  of  distances  again  begins  ;  and  this  estimation 
of  distances  must  clearly  be  commenced,  as  has  already 
been  often  repeated,  at  the  place  where  the  last  measure- 
ment of  distances  terminated,  or  at  the  junction  of  the 
lihone  and  the  Iscre. 

The  first  argument  against  the  supposition  that  Han- 
nibal followed  up  the  Ehone  from  the  junction  of  the  two 
rivers  is  derived  from  the  fact,  that  the  whole  Carthaginian 
army  must  in  that  case  have  passed  the  Iscrc,  and  that  the 
passage  of  that  river  is  not  mentioned  by  Polybius.  It  is 
true  that,  in  order  to  carry  on  his  operations  in  the  Island, 
Hannibal  must  have  crossed  the  Iscrc  with  part  of  his 
army ;  but  there  is  no  sufficient  reason  for  concluding  that 
the  baggage  and  the  elephants  were  then  l)rought  across. 
Had  they  been  so,  the  silence  of  Polybius  on  the  subject 


24  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

•^;^•oulcl  be  difficult  to  account  for.  There  were  indeed 
several  rivers  crossed  by  Hannibal  in  Gaul,  of  which  Poly- 
bius  takes  no  notice ;  but  these  rivers  would  all  be  small 
streams,  which  the  army  would  pass  by  wading.  The 
Isere  cannot  be  ranked  in  this  class.  It  is,  at  its  junction 
with  the  Rhone,  a  navigable  river  with  a  deep  and  rapid 
current,  and  presents  an  obstacle  to  the  passage  of  an 
army  too  important  to  be  omitted  in  silence  in  a  narrative 
such  as  that  of  Polybius.  With  the  exception  of  hostile 
opposition  on  the  part  of  the  inhabitants,  all  the  difficulties 
and  dangers,  which  attended  the  passage  of  the  incum- 
brances of  the  army  across  the  Rhone,  must  have  been 
repeated  in  the  case  of  the  Isere,  the  lesser  width  of  the 
latter  river  being  the  only  circumstance  that  would  make 
any  difference.  And  yet  no  word  about  difficulty  or  dan- 
ger is  spoken  by  Polybius  with  respect  to  the  Isere,  nor 
does  he  take  notice  of  any  preparations  having  been  made 
to  effect  the  passage  of  the  river. 

Suppose,  however,  Hannibal  to  have  brought  all  his 
army  across  the  Isere,  and  to  have  directed  his  march 
upon  the  Alps  along  the  side  of  the  Rhone.  In  this  case, 
the  first  mountains  that  he  would  encounter  upon  his  way 
would  be  the  Chartreuse  group,  the  foot  of  which  he 
would  reach  ^when  he  arrived  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
St  Genix,  at  the  junction  of  the  Guiers  with  the  Rhone. 
St  Genix  would  thus  be  the  earliest  place,  where  the  first 
ascent  of  the  Alps  could  be  fixed. 

But  the  first  ascent  of  the  Alps  lay  at  a  distance  of 
100  Roman  miles  from  the  junction  of  the  Rhone  and  the 
Isere,  reckoned  along  the  river  side.  St  Genix  should 
therefore  lie  at  about  that  distance  from  the  confluence  of 
these  two  rivers.  Now  from  Valence  to  Lyons  the  Itine- 
rary of  Antoninus  reckons  71  Roman  miles.  Allowing  6 
Roman  miles  for  the  distance  from  the  confluence  of  the 
Rhone  and  the  Isere  to  Valence,  there  remain  65  for  the 
distance  to  Lyons.  Above  Lyons  there  are  no  ancient  or 
modern  roads  along  the  Rhone  to  assist  us  in  determining 
the  distance  to  St  Genix :  but  the  length  of  the  river 
between  St  Genix  and  Lyons  is  about  the  same  as  its 
length  between  Lyons  and  the  confluence  of  the  Isere,  and 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  25 

we  may  therefore  take  the  probable  length  of  a  march 
along  the  river  as  being  the  same  in  both  cases.  The 
distance  from  the  junction  of  the  Rhone  and  Isere  to 
St  Genix,  reckoned  along  the  Rhone,  would  thus  be  about 
130  Roman  miles,  instead  of  the  100  given  by  Polybius,  a 
discrepancy  which  seems  greater  than  ought  to  occur, 
though  perhaps  not  so  great,  considering  the  manner  in 
which  Polybius  measures,  as  to  be  decidedly  conclusive 
against  the  supposition  of  Hannibal's  having  followed  up 
the  Rhone^ 

It  has  already  been  conjectured,  in  discussing  Polybius"* 
account  of  the  Island,  and  in  endeavouring  to  account  for 
his  imperfect  conception  of  the  nature  of  that  district,  that 
he  had  not  visited  its  northern  parts.  If  such  were  the 
case,  it  would  be  a  strong  argument  that  Hannibal  never 
followed  up  the  Rhone  to  the  foot  of  the  mountains  ;  for 
otherwise  Polybius,  who  had  examined  the  whole  of  Han- 
nibal's route,  must  have  visited  the  northern  parts  of  the 
Island,  and  have  thus  been  enabled  to  form  a  more  accu- 
rate idea  of  its  nature  and  figure. 

It  may  also  be  mentioned,  that  the  very  cursory  man- 
ner in  which  Polybius  speaks  of  the  Chartreuse  mountains 
in  his  description  of  the  Island,  and  his  not  applying  to 
them  the  name  of  Alps,  would  hardly  lead  us  to  expect 
that  he  considered  them  as  forming  the  very  portion  of 
that  great  mountain  system  which  Hannibal  first  encoun- 
tered. We  should  rather  imagine  that  he  looked  upon 
them  as  mountains  independent  of  the  Alps,  and  with 
which  he  had  no  further  concern,  than  in  as  far  as  they 
formed  one  of  the  boundaries  of  the  district  called  the 
Island. 


1  M.  Dcluc,  who  supposes  that  Hannibal  brought  his  whole  army 
into  the  Island,  and  subsequently  crossed  tho  Chartreuse  mountains, 
makes  him  leavo  the  Rhone  at  Vienne,  and  stril<o  straight  across  tho 
country  to  St  Gonix.  It  seems  however  impossible,  that,  if  Hannibal 
had  adopted  this  route,  Polybius  could  have  spoken  of  him  as  keeping 
along  tho  very  bank  of  tho  river  to  tho  foot  of  tho  mountains ;  or  that 
tho  sharers  in  tho  expedition,  from  whom  tho  accounts  of  it  nmst  have 
been  derived,  should  have  failed  to  observe,  that  they  had  turned  their 
backs  upon  tho  Rhone  at  Vionno. 


26  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

Another  objection  to  the  supposition  of  Hannibal's 
having  followed  up  the  Khone  arises  from  the  fact  of  the 
extremely  circuitous  nature  of  the  route,  from  the  junction 
of  the  Ehone  and  the  Isere  to  St  Genix,  which  the  bank 
of  the  Rhone  affords.  It  seems  indeed  nearly  twice  as 
long  as  is  requisite.  This  objection  might  possibly  appear, 
at  first  sight,  somewhat  obviated  by  the  consideration, 
that  the  country  was  not  then  accurately  mapped  out,  as  it 
is  now,  and  therefore  the  distances  between  various  points, 
and  their  respective  bearings,  were  not  sufficiently  well 
known.  But  it  must  be  remembered,  that  Hannibal  would 
then  be  under  the  escort  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  country 
he  was  traversing,  whose  local  knowledge  would  compen- 
sate their  want  of  geographical  information :  and  it  is 
almost  impossible  to  conceive  that  they,  washing  to  guide 
the  Carthaginians  from  the  junction  of  the  Rhone  and 
Isere  to  St  Genix,  should  have  conducted  him  there  all 
the  way  along  the  very  bank  of  the  Rhone.  Yet  this, 
according  to  Polybius'  account,  they  must  have  done,  if 
the  Rhone  were  indeed  the  river  which  Hannibal  followed 
to  the  foot  of  the  Alps. 

Again,  if  Hannibal  followed  up  the  Rhone  to  St  Genix, 
he  would  either  subsequently  continue  to  pursue  its  banks 
to  the  lake  of  Geneva,  and  enter  Italy  by  the  Simplon  or 
the  Great  St  Bernard,  or  else  cross  the  Chartreuse  moun- 
tains, and  make  for  the  Little  St  Bernard  or  the  Mont 
Cenis.  Now  that  Hannibal  entered  Italy  by  the  Simplon 
or  the  Great  St  Bernard  are  suppositions  so  beset  with 
improbabilities  that  it  is  hardly  necessary  to  consider  them  : 
so  that  the  only  point  which  it  is  requisite  to  examine  here 
will  be,  whether  any  additional  improbability  arises  from 
supposing  that  Hannibal  selected  the  banks  of  the  Rhone 
as  his  line  of  approach  to  the  pass  of  the  Little  St  Bernard 
or  of  the  Mont  Cenis. 

Now,  if  he  chose  this  line  of  approach,  he  must  cross 
the  Chartreuse  mountains,  and  subsequently  pass  through 
Montmelian  on  the  Isere.  Yet,  if  a  general  wished  to 
reach  Montmelian  from  the  junction  of  the  Rhone  and 
Isere,  it  would  be  very  much  shorter  for  him  to  follow  up 
the  Isere,  rather  than  to  take  the  line  of  the  Rhone,  and 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS.  27 

cross  the  Chartreuse  mountains.  Montmelian  is,  in  fact, 
by  the  high  road  along  the  north  bank  of  the  Isere,  only 
about  100  Roman  miles  from  the  confluence  of  the  Rhone 
and  Isere,  while  the  distance  along  the  banks  of  the 
Rhone  and  across  the  Chartreuse  mountains  exceeds  160. 
If  then  the  longer  line  was  adopted,  it  would  naturally  be 
chosen  because  it  was  a  much  easier  route.  But  the  line 
of  the  Isere  is  not  only  the  shorter,  but  at  the  same  time 
the  easier  route ;  for  in  the  other  case  the  Chartreuse 
mountains  have  to  be  crossed,  a  range  of  mountains  which 
Polybius  mentions  as  almost  impracticable.  It  is  very  dif- 
ficult to  imagine  that  Hannibal  would  lengthen  this  part  of 
his  journey  by  more  than  one  half,  not  in  order  that  he 
might  avoid,  but  in  order  that  he  might  cross  Avithout 
necessity,  mountains  described  by  Polybius  himself,  as 
ovcnrpoaooa,    /cat    cucre/ipoXa,     kui    aj^eoof,    w?    etTreti/,    airpo- 

r        1 

From  all  these  considerations  the  natural  conclusion 
seems  to  be,  that,  although  the  most  obvious  interpreta- 
tion of  the  words  '  Trapa  tov  iroTnfxov^  in  chap.  39,  would 
lead  us  to  think  that  Hannibal  followed  up  the  Rhone,  from 
the  place  where  he  crossed  that  river  up  to  the  first  ascent 
of  the  Alps  ;  yet  the  Isere  must  nevertheless  be  taken  as  the 
river  which  led  Hannibal  to  the  Alps  after  the  transactions 
in  the  Island,  and  Ave  must  suppose  that  he  followed  up  the 
Rhone  no  further  than  to  the  point  Avhere  the  Isere  joins 
it.  The  passage  of  the  Isere  not  being  mentioned  by  Poly- 
bius in  his  account  of  the  march  of  the  army  to  the  Alps, 
we  shall  infer  that  one  part  of  the  army,  with  the  ele- 
phants and  baggage,  remained  on  the  left  bank  of  the 
Isere,  while  Hannibal  crossed  the  river  Avith  the  rest  to 
take  part  in  the  afiairs  of  the  Island.  After  the  conclusion 
of  these  transactions,  Hannibal  Avould  recross  the  Isere, 
and  the  Avhole  army  would  be  again  collected  together  on 
the  south  of  the  river,  and  at  the  place  Avcre  it  flows  into 
the  Rhone.  From  this  point  the  march  to  the  Alps  Avas 
resumed.  It  lay,  as  Polybius  informs  us,  in  the  beginning 
of  his  50th  chapter,  for  800  stadia  along  (he  river  side. 


See  Ukcrt'a  Oeographus,  and  Philol.  Mtis.  Vol.  ir. 


28  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

The  ascent  of  the  Alps  (or  to  the  Alps,  as  Polybius  here 
expresses  it)  then  commenced ;  that  is  to  say,  the  route, 
previously  upon  the  plain,  (eu  T0I9  eTrnrevon)  now  first 
began  to  ascend  the  mountains.  Here  then,  having  previ- 
ously concluded  that  the  Carthaginian  army  never  crossed 
the  Isere  on  their  way  to  the  Alps,  we  have  another  con- 
dition for  the  determination  of  Hannibal's  route : 

'  The  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  Alps  must  be 
situated  at  a  distance  of  about  100  Roman  miles  from  the 
junction  of  the  Rhone  and  the  Isere,  reckoned  along  the 
left  bank  of  the  latter  river  ^' 


1   Condition  L 


CHAPTER  IV. 

Discussion  of  the  narrative  of  Polybius,  from  tho  commencement  of  the 
ascent  of  the  Alps  to  the  arrival  at  the  summit  of  tlie  pass. — The 
defile  at  the  commencement  of  the  ascent. — Conclusions  drawn  as 
to  its  nature  and  tho  character  of  the  neighbouring  country. — The 
'strong  white  rock.' — Features  of  the  country  in  its  vicinity. — The 
'rock'  at  a  distance  of  many  miles  from  the  summit  of  the  pass. 


WHEN  the  Carthaginians  had  approached  the  com- 
mencement of  the  mountain  route,  the  men  of  the 
Island  returned  to  their  own  country,  and  left  them  to 
penetrate  alone  into  the  Alps,  They  encountered  almost 
immediately  the  greatest  dangers.  A  difficult  pass, 
through  which  they  were  obliged  to  march,  was  com- 
manded by  the  Allobroges,  who  had  taken  possession  of 
the  heights  above  the  road.  This  pass  was  situated,  it  is 
clear,  at  or  very  near  the  commencement  of  the  ascent. 
Its  nature,  and  the  features  of  the  surrounding  country, 
will  now  have  to  be  investigated. 

The  first  features  presented  to  our  notice  are  certain 
*  advantageous  posts,'  which  Polybius  afterwards  mentions 
as  *  heights.'  The  elevation  of  these  heights  was  evidently 
considerable,  and  their  access  difficult,  at  least  from  the 
side  where  Hannibal  lay  with  his  army :  for  the  Allobroges 
would  hardly  have  ventured  to  abandon  them  during  the 
night,  had  they  not  then  thought  them  perfectly  secure 
from  occupation  on  the  part  of  the  Carthaginians.  It  is 
also  mentioned,  that  when  Hannibal  set  forward  to  seize 
them  in  the  night,  the  soldiers  whom  he  selected  for  tin's 
service  were  active  and  lightly  ecjuippcd,  in  order  that 
they  might  be  better  enabled  to  contend  with  the  diihcul- 
tics  of  the  mountains.  It  appears,  besides,  from  the 
account  of  the  battle  of  the  next  day,  that  Ilanuibars  posts 
on  the  heights  were  at  some  distance  from  the  road 
through  the  pass,  along  which  his  army  was  defiling  when 


so  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS. 

it  was  attacked  by  the  Allobroges.  For  as  the  Carthagi- 
nians were  skirting  the  edge  of  the  precipices  which  lay 
below  the  road,  and  Hannibal  was  in  position  on  the 
heights,  the  Allobroges  attacked  the  army  on  its  march, 
from  the  ground  above  the  road,  and  placed  themselves 
between  Hannibal  and  the  rest  of  the  Carthaginians.  This 
is  clear  from  what  subsequently  followed,  when  Hannibal 
at  length  charged  down  from  the  heights  and  routed  the 
Allobroges,  destroying  an  equal  number  both  of  his  own 
army  and  of  the  enemy :  for  the  Carthaginians,  being 
below  the  Allobroges,  were  forced  over  the  precipices  by 
the  success  of  the  attack  upon  the  enemy  above  them,  who 
were  driven  down  in  confusion  towards  the  precipices. 
Now,  had  there  not  been  a  considerable  interval  between 
Hannibal  and  the  rest  of  his  army,  the  Allobroges  would 
scarcely  have  dared  to  occupy  the  intervening  space,  and 
expose  themselves  immediately  to  attack  from  Hannibal, 
and  this  before  they  had  any  time  to  inflict  much  loss 
upon  the  Carthaginian  army.  With  respect  then  to  these 
heights,  the  inference  seems  to  be,  that  they  were  of  con- 
siderable elevation,  and  not  readily  accessible  from  the  side 
where  the  Carthaginians  lay,  though  probably  more  easily 
gained  from  the  side  of  the  Allobroges,  a  circumstance 
which  would  induce  them  to  abandon  their  posts  during 
the  night  with  less  apprehension. 

When  Hannibal  seized  in  the  night  the  posts  which  had 
been  abandoned  by  the  Allobroges,  he  first  passed  through 
Tu  arevd  '  the  defile.'  There  was  then,  as  might  have  been 
otherwise  concluded,  a  defile  in  this  part  of  the  route,  and 
Hannibal  was  obliged  to  pass  through  it  on  his  march  to 
seize  the  heights. 

Polybius  describes  the  way  by  which  the  Carthaginians 
had  to  advance,  as  being  narrow  and  rugged,  and  also 
precipitous.  A  great  number  of  horses  and  baggage- 
animals  are  said  besides  to  have  been  lost  down  the  preci- 
pices, when  the  Allobroges  attacked  the  Carthaginians. 
In  some  part,  therefore,  of  the  line  of  advance,  a  narrow 
and  rugged  way  along  the  edge  of  a  precipice  must  be 
found  for  the  Carthaginians. 

Two   other  points  which  demand    attention  are  sug- 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS.  SI 

gested  by  the  history  of  the  events  which  preceded  and 
followed  the  battle  at  the  defile.  On  the  evening  of  the 
day  before  the  battle,  Hannibal  advanced  into  the  imme- 
diate neighbourhood  of  the  defile,  and  encamped  not  far 
from  the  enemy,  their  position  being  on  the  heights  or 
advantageous  posts.  Previously  also  to  his  setting  out  in 
the  night  to  seize  these  posts,  he  commanded  the  camp 
fires  to  be  lighted ;  no  doubt  with  the  intention  that  the 
Allobroges  might  see  them,  and,  concluding  that  the 
Carthaginians  were  permanently  encamped  till  the  morn- 
ing, and  meditated  no  further  movement  for  the  present, 
might,  according  to  their  custom,  leave  their  posts  for  the 
night,  and  retire  to  the  neighbouring  town.  The  truth 
of  this  supposition  is  confirmed  by  its  being  said,  that 
Hannibal  advanced  to  the  place  where  he  encamped,  in 
open  view  of  the  enemy.  There  must  consequently  be 
found,  immediately  below  the  defile,  a  place  of  encamp- 
ment for  Hannibal's  army  visible  from  the  heights  com- 
manding the  defile. 

The  town  to  which  the  Allobroges  retired  for  the 
night  presents  a  second  subject  for  consideration.  This 
town  would  be  situated  above  the  defile,  and  not  far  from 
it :  for  it  is  not  likely  that  the  Allobroges  would  have 
retired  to  any  considerable  distance  from  their  strong 
posts.  Indeed,  Polybius  expressly  describes  it  as  a  town 
in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  heights.  Above  the  defile 
therefore,  and  near  it,  must  be  found  a  j^lace  where  a 
town  either  stands  or  might  have  stood.  But  more  than 
this  is  even  requisite :  for  Hannibal,  having  taken  the 
town,  encamped  there  for  a  whole  day.  The  place  sought 
must  thus  be  sufficiently  large,  not  merely  for  the  site  of  a 
town,  but  also  for  the  encampment  of  an  army  as  niune- 
rous  as  Hannibal's,  which  at  this  time  probably  amounted 
to  more  than  40,000  men,  besides  elephants,  cavalry- 
horses,  and  beasts  of  burden.  An  open  district  or  valley 
among  the  mountains  seems  to  be  required  in  this  i)lacc. 

Such  then  are  the  characteristics  of  the  defile  and  the 
adjacent  country,  whicli  the  narrative  of  Polybius  suggests 
to  us.  "J'lie  existence  of  such  a  defile  siipj)lios  another 
important  clue  by  which  Hannibal  may  be  traced  in  his 


32  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

Alpine  route ;  the  character  of  the  pass  and  the  nature  of 
the  vicinity  presenting  several  particular  features  by  which 
it  may  be  identified.  We  thus  derive,  from  the  section 
of  Poly  bins  under  consideration,  one  principal  condition, 
as  well  as  several  minor  ones,  which  any  route,  supposed 
to  be  that  of  Hannibal,  must  satisfy.  The  principal  con- 
dition may  be  stated  as  follows  ^  : 

*  At  the  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  Alps,  a 
defile  must  be  found,  the  character  of  which,  and  of  the 
surrounding  country,  is  in  accordance  with  the  events 
related  by  Polybius  to  have  occurred  in  that  place.' 

The  minor  conditions  which  this  includes  may  be  thus 
given : 

(1)  The  defile  must  be  commanded  by  certain  heights, 
of  considerable  elevation. 

(2)  These  heights  must  not  be  easily  accessible  from 
below  the  defile. 

(3)  The  way  through  the  defile  must  skirt  in  some 
place  the  edge  of  a  precipice. 

(4)  Immediately  below  the  defile,  must  be  found  a 
place  where  an  army  as  mimerous  as  that  of  Hannibal 
could  encamp. 

(5)  This  place  of  encampment  should  be  visible  from 
the  heights  commanding  the  defile. 

(6)  Above  the  defile,  and  near  it,  must  be  found  an 
open  district,  where  a  town  either  stands  or  might  have 
stood,  and  where  an  army  such  as  Hannibal's,  could  have 
encamped. 


The  ten  days'  march  from  the  junction  of  the  Rhone 
and  Isere  must  be  taken  as  terminating,  not  at  the  point 
where  Hannibal  left  the  Isere,  but  at  the  town  of  the  Allo- 
broges,  which  he  captured  after  passing  through  the  defile 
at  the  commencement  of  the  Alpine  ascent.  For  from 
this  town  the  subsequent  march  of  fifteen  days  through 
the  Alps  is  clearly  reckoned :  and  the  march  of  ten  days 
ought  to  terminate  where  the  march  of  fifteen  days  be- 


1  Condition  HI. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OP  THE  ALPS.  33 

gins.     Tlie  distance  also  of  100  Roman  miles  along  the 

Alps  their  rate   of  advance   was  greater   than    this.     It 
vould  be  on  the  evening  of  the  eighth  day  after  leaving 
the  confluence  of  the  Rhone  and  Isere,  that  Hannibal  en! 
camped  before  the  heights  occupied  by  the  Aliobroges  ■ 
on  the  same  n.ght  he  seized  the  abandoned  heights'  on 
he  nmth  day  the  defile  was  passed,  and  the  town  cap- 
tured :  and  on  the  tenth  day  the  Carthaginians  remained 
encamped  m  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Town.     Polybius 
indeed   est^ates  the  length,  in  distance,  of  the  pa^ssage 
of  he  Alps,  from  the  point  where  Hannibal  left  the  Isere  • 
so  that  .t  might  be  natural  to  expect  that  the  fifteen  days' 
occupied  m   tliat  passage  would  be  reckoned    from    the 
same  point.     But,  from  the  rest  of  the  narrative,  it  seems 
p)am,  that  the  fifteen  days'  march  is  reckoned  from  the 

histoiy.     This    town    was    also,  no   doubt,  very  near  the 
Isere    and  thus  only  a  short  distance  removed  from  the 

P"'"*  '   .T  *''"  '""•=''  ■'''°»°  "'«  "™'-  terminated 

The  fifteen  days'  march  through  the  Alps  terminated 

I  alv  "rrT"™  •.n?™'^"'   f  *''"  S''^"*  ''"•■•■"'  of  Northern 
Italy.    Chap.  49.     On   the   ninth    day  after  leaving   the 

town,  the  summit  of  the  pass  was  gained;  and  the  army 
remained  encamped  there  for  two  days.  The  descent 
hen  began;  but  was  soon  arrested  in  consequence  of 
the  destruction  of  the  road,  by  which  the  army  had  to 
descend  It  was  only  after  three  days  of  hardship  that 
this  obstacle  was  surmounted,  and  the  way  made  pracli- 
cablc.  In  one  day  the  path  was  sufficiently  repaired  for 
tlie  passage  of  tlie  horses  and  baggage-animals-  but  it 
was  not  till  the  third  day  that  the"  elephants  were  able 
to  pa.ss  On  the  third  day  after  leaving  ,he  place  where 
the  p.ath  was  broken  up,  the  coinnicuccmcnt  of  (he  plains 
ot  Italy  was  readied. 

Since  the  whole  march  llirongh  the  Alps  occupied 
fifteen  days  and  the  march  terminated  on  the  third  d.-iy 
after  iranmbal  passed  the  place  where  the  path  was  bro- 
Ken  up,  It  must  have  been  on  the  lliirtecnth  day  that  this 


S4  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

latter  event  took  place.  But  the  Carthaginians  were  de- 
tained for  three  days  by  the  broken  path,  and  conse- 
quently could  not  have  arrived  at  it  before  the  eleventh 
day.  The  descent  therefore  from  the  summit  of  the 
pass  could  not  have  commenced  later  than  on  the  ele- 
venth day.  But  Hannibal  arrived  on  the  summit  of  the 
pass  on  the  ninth  day,  and  encamped  there  for  two  days. 
Xow  the  eleventh  day  cannot  be  included  as  one  of  these 
two  days,  for  that  day  is  the  latest  that  can  be  assigned 
to  the  commencement  of  the  descent.  The  ninth  and 
tenth  days  were  thus  the  two  days  spent  on  the  summit  of 
the  pass  :  and  the  summit  must  therefore  be  supposed  to 
have  been  gained  on  the  morning  of  the  ninth  day ;  for 
that  day  could  not  be  included  as  one  of  the  two  during 
which  the  army  remained  encamped,  unless  the  greater 
part  of  it  was  spent  by  the  army  in  its  encampment.  A 
similar  conclusion  must  be  drawn  with  respect  to  the  three 
days  lost  on  the  descent.  The  army  arrived  at  the  broken 
path  on  the  eleventh  day,  the  first  day  of  the  descent, 
and  left  it  on  the  thirteenth.  The  eleventh,  the  twelfth, 
and  the  thirteenth  days  are  thus  the  days  alluded  to  by 
Polybius  in  the  words,  ev  ij/uepaig  Tptal  KaKoiraO/ja-a^,  (Chap. 
55),  which  clearly  refer  to  the  hardships  endured  Avhile  the 
army  was  obliged  to  halt  in  consequence  of  the  path 
being  broken  up.  Now,  in  order  that  these  three  days 
may  be  referred  to  as  passed  while  the  army  halted,  the 
whole  or  the  greater  part  of  each  day  must  have  been 
consumed  at  the  broken  path.  The  army  must,  in  conse- 
quence, have  had  its  progress  arrested  on  the  morning  of 
the  eleventh  day.  The  greater  part  of  that  day,  the  whole 
of  the  twelfth  day,  and  the  greater  part  of  the  thirteenth, 
were  spent  at  the  broken  path.  On  the  evening  of  the 
thirteenth  day  the  elephants  were  brought  down  by  the 
road  which  Hannibal  had  restored,  and  rejoined  that  part 
of  the  army  which  had  previously  passed.  On  the  fifteenth 
day  the  Avhole  army  arrived  at  the  commencement  of  the 
plains  of  Italy. 

As  Hannibal  is  stated  to  have  encamped  for  two  days 
at  the  summit  of  the  pass,  the  following  condition  at  once 
results : 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  TPIE  ALPS.  35 

*A  place  suitable  for  the  encampment  of  Hannibal's 
army  must  be  found  at  the  summit  of  the  pass^ ' 

Also,  since  the  descent  began  on  the  eleventh  day,  and 
termmated  on  the  fifteenth,  no  more  than  five  days  were 

W  r..  /'f '"'•  ^"'  "'  '^''''  '^'^'^  than  two  were 
lost  at  the  broken  path:  (viz.)  all  the  twelfth,  and  the 
greater  part  of  the  eleventh  and  thirteenth  days.  There 
were  therefore  less  than  three  days  of  actual  marching 
between  the  summit  of  the  pass  and  the  commencement 
condftio!?''''  ^  ^*     ™'  circumstance  supplies  another 

uJl^^l'^'^'^T''^'^^''^  ""^  ^^^  P^^"^^  «f  It'^^y  n^ust  be 
less  than  three  days  march  from  the  summit  of  the  pass.' 

For  several  days,  after  leaving  the  town  of  the  Allo- 
broges   the  march  of  Hannibal  was  undisturbed  by  hostili- 
ties:   but  on  the  fourth  day  he  again  had  to  encounter 
great  dangers.     These  dangers  resulted  from  a  treacherous 
attack  made  upon  the  Carthaginians  by  the  Alpine  Gauls 
with  whom  Hannibal  had  previously  entered  into  a  treaty: 
Ihe  attack  took  place  near  a  certain  strong  white  rock 
Tre^.   Tt  XevKOTcerpou  oxvp6v,  and  was  made  on  the  fourth 
day  s  march  from  the  town.     A  different  date  is,  however 
generally  assigned  to  this  event.     It  is  usually  supposed' 
not  that  the  attack  took  place,  but  that  Hannibal  met  and 
entered  into  a  treaty  with  the  Gauls  who  afterwards  made 
the    attack,  on    the  fourth  day.      This  view  of  the  case 
would  defer  the  attack  till  the  seventh  day,  as  the  Cartha- 
ginians  had  marched  for  two   days  previously  under  the 
guidance  of  the  Gauls;   or,  at  any  rate,  till  the  sixtii  da,' 
If  the  four  h  day  be  included  as  one  of   the  two  which 
preceded    the    attack,    and    during    which    Hannibal    was 
guided  by  the  Gauls.      It  will   consequently  be   necessary 
to  consider  here,  somewhat  at  length,  what  is  tiie  rio-ht 
interpretation  of  Polybius'  account  of  these  occurrences. 
Ihe  dificrcnce  of  the  two  views  arises  from  this  cause; 

1  Condition  V.  .  Condition  VII. 


S6  Hi\:NNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS. 

that,  while  we  have  taken  Polybius'  narrative  in  this  place 
to  consist,  first  of  a  snmmary  statement  of  the  events  of 
four  clays,  and  then  of  an  explanation  and  a  detailed 
account  of  those  events :  yet  it  has,  on  the  other  hand, 
been  generally  supposed,  that  the  whole  is  one  continuous 
narrative ;  or,  at  all  events,  that  no  part  of  the  details  of 
the  transactions  with  the  Alpine  Gauls  refers  to  the  three 
days  preceding  the  fourth  day  indicated  by  the  word 
TerajOTotos. 

Now  the  few  lines,  printed  in  the  translation  of  Poly- 
bius as  the  summary,  comprise  two  facts :  (1)  An  undis- 
turbed march  for  some  time,  i.  e.  three  days :  and  (2)  a 
great  danger  encountered  on  the  fourth  day.  The  two 
questions  thus  suggested  for  consideration  are :  (1)  How 
did  it  happen  that  Hannibars  march  was  undisturbed  for 
three  daj^s  ?  and  (2)  "What  were  the  particulars  of  the 
danger  encountered  on  the  fourth  day  ?  These  two  ques- 
tions, according  to  our  view,  Polybius  proceeds  at  once  to 
resolve ;  and  his  explanation  either  implies  or  states  the 
following  facts.  Hannibal's  march  was  undisturbed  for 
three  days,  because  the  Gauls  thought  their  chance  of 
destroying  the  Carthaginian  army  would  be  greater,  if 
they  refrained  from  attacking  it  until  it  arrived  at  a  cer- 
tain difficult  pass  ;  and  if  they  were  enabled,  by  previously 
gaining  the  confidence  of  Hannibal,  and  becoming  his 
escort,  to  assail  him  when  he  was  off  his  guard,  and  open 
to  great  danger  from  a  treacherous  attack.  They  would 
besides,  by  these  means,  secure  a  great  part  of  their  coun- 
try from  being  ravaged  by  an  hostile  army,  and  would  also 
have  time  to  collect  their  forces  together,  and  hang  upon 
the  rear  of  the  Carthaginians,  the  most  vulnerable  extre- 
mity of  an  army  upon  its  march.  Acting  in  accordance 
with  this  design,  they  met  Hannibal,  either  on  the  evening 
of  the  first  day,  or  on  the  morning  of  the  second  day,  of 
his  march  from  the  town ;  and  bore  with  them  boughs  and 
crowns  in  token  of  their  amicable  intentions.  Hannibal 
however  doubted  the  sincerity  of  their  professions,  but 
thought  it  at  last  expedient  to  seem  to  confide  in  them. 
For  two  days  he  pursued  his  march  under  their  guidance. 
These  two  days  were  the  second  and  third.     On  the  next 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS.  37 

day  he  Avas  attacked  by  the  Gauls.  This  day  ■\vas  the 
fourth  :  and  the  treacherous  attack  was  the  great  danger, 
which  Polybius  particularly  mentions  as  having  occurred 
on  that  day. 

Now  from  this  view  of  the  case  it  may  certainly  be 
said,  that  the  history  comes  out  with  clearness  and  preci- 
sion. Whether  what  has  been  regarded  as  the  explanation 
of  a  previous  summary,  were  intended  as  such  or  not,  yet 
it  undoubtedly  does  explain  it  perfectly,  both  with  respect 
to  time  and  circumstances.  Such  a  coincidence,  it  may 
be  objected,  is  accidental.  This  is  possible,  though  not 
highly  probable ;  for  the  coincidence  is  almost  too  exact 
to  be  the  effect  of  chance.  There  are,  besides,  other  rea- 
sons which  lead  us  to  conclude,  that  Polybius'  history  may 
in  this  place  be  divided  into  a  summary,  and  a  subsequent 
explanation  and  detailed  narrative.  The  justice  of  this 
conclusion  may  be  perceived,  by  comparing  what  is  given 
in  this  place  as  a  summary,  with  the  two  passages  given  in 
the  translation  of  Polybius  as  the  previous  summaries. 
These  then  are  the  three  passages  in  question  : 

(1)  Hannibal,  having  continued  his  march  for  four 
successive  days  from  the  passage  (of  the  Rhone),  came  to 
the  district  called  the  Island,  a  populous  and  corn-pro- 
ducing tract  of  country,  which  derives  its  name  from  the 
very  circumstance  (of  its  formation). 

For  the  lUione  &c. 

(2)  Hannibal,  in  the  course  of  ten  days,  having  ad- 
vanced along  the  river  side  for  a  distance  of  800  stadia, 
commenced  the  ascent  of  the  Alps,  and  ft)und  himself  in  a 
situation  of  the  greatest  danger. 

For  as  long  as  &c. 

(3)  During  the  days  immediately  following,  he  led  on 
the  army  safely  for  some  distance :  but,  on  the  fourth  day, 
he  again  had  to  encounter  great  dangers. 

For  the  people  &c. 

There  are  here  presented,  in  one  view,  what  arc  re- 
garded as  being  three  brief  statements  of  marches,  all 
broken  off  at  points,  where  observations,  explanations,  or 
details,    are    requisite ;    the    unfinished    sentences,    which 


88  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

follow  in  each  case,  being  considered  as  the  beginnings 
of  such  particular  remarks.  Now,  let  the  events  which 
occurred,  between  the  passage  of  the  Khone  and  the  en- 
campment at  the  town,  be  considered.  They  will  be  found 
to  comprise  these  things ;  a  march  of  four  days  along  the 
Ehone  to  the  frontier  of  the  Island,  a  number  of  episodical 
transactions  at  the  Island  itself,  a  march  of  ten  days  to  a 
certain  town,  not  far  from  the  commencement  of  the  ascent 
of  the  Alps,  and  of  a  battle  near  the  town  and  its  subse- 
quent captvu-e.  In  the  first  two  supposed  summaries,  these 
two  marches  are  given,  the  Island  noticed,  and  the  dangers 
mentioned  which  befel  the  army  at  the  commencement  of 
the  ascent  of  the  Alps.  All  the  leading  events  therefore, 
which  happened  between  the  passage  of  the  Ehone  and  the 
encampment  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  town,  are  set 
briefly  before  the  reader.  This  being  the  case,  these  sen- 
tences may  reasonably  be  looked  upon  as  summaries  of 
these  important  occurrences.  It  remains  to  be  considered, 
how  far,  in  these  two  instances,  the  remainder  of  the  nar- 
rative is  explanatory  of  these  short  statements. 

Now  the  first  summary  presents  to  our  notice  the 
march  to  the  Island,  and  the  Island  itself  Of  the  march 
itself,  nothing  is  subsequently  said.  It  off'ered,  we  may 
suppose,  no  circumstances,  which  called  for  any  particular 
observation.  All  the  latter  part  of  the  forty-ninth  Chapter 
is  devoted  to  a  description  of  the  Island ;  to  an  account  of 
the  events  which  took  place  there,  and  which  formed  a 
kind  of  episode  to  the  great  expedition ;  and  to  a  pro- 
spective glance  at  the  assistance,  which  the  men  of  the 
Island  rendered  to  Hannibal  during  the  next  part  of  his 
march.  All  these  circumstances  may  be  considered  as 
incidental  to  what  is  stated  in  the  summary. 

In  the  second  summary  are  introduced,  the  march  to 
the  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  Alps,  and  the 
dangers  which  the  Carthaginians  encountered  in  that 
neighbourhood.  The  long  account  that  follows  explains 
why,  during  that  march,  the  army  was  unassailed  by  the 
Allobrogcs,  gives  full  particulars  of  the  dangers  it  after- 
Avards  passed  through,  and  brings  it  to  its  encampment  at 


HANOTBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  89 

the  town  of  the  Allobroges.  These  events  also  are  all  sub- 
ordinate to  those  in  the  previous  summary,  and  carry  the 
history  no  further  onward  than  where  the  dangers  it  alludes 
to  terminated. 

Let  now  the  three  passages  given  in  page  37,  be  com- 
pared together.  The  third  will,  without  much  difficulty, 
be  seen  to  have  a  considerable  similarity  to  the  other  two; 
especially  to  the  second,  which  it  resembles  with  respect 
to  the  events  it  records.  In  both  instances,  there  is  an 
undisturbed  march,  succeeded  by  a  dangerous  contest. 
As  such  is  the  case,  it  is  not  unreasonable  to  suppose,  that 
the  historian  would  treat  the  last  of  these  sections  of  his 
history  in  the  same  manner  as  the  previous  section  :  that 
having  (as  he  unquestionably  does  in  the  previous  instance) 
brought  plainly  forward  in  a  short  statement,  the  march 
itself  and  the  dangers  at  its  close,  he  would  then  proceed 
to  enter  into  the  requisite  details,  as  he  had  done  just  be- 
fore in  that  parallel  case.  This,  it  will  be  seen,  from  refer- 
ence to  page  37  is  exactly  the  mode  of  narration  which  it 
has  been  concluded  that  he  adopted:  and  it  has  already 
been  noticed,  how  clearly  his  narrative  developes  itself  on 
such  a  supposition.  The  views,  therefore,  Avhich  have  here 
been  taken,  with  respect  to  the  events  which  occurred  on 
the  fourth  day  after  Hannibal  left  the  town,  seem  to  be 
perfectly  in  accordance  witli  Polybius'  mode  of  narration, 
besides  bringing  out  the  history  with  great  clearness,  and 
explaining  everything  simply  and  Avithout  confusion. 

The  generally  received  interpretation  of  Polybius' 
narrative  is  much  less  satisfactory.  According  to  this 
interpretation,  Hannibal  met  the  deputation  of  the  Gauls 
on  the  fourth  day  after  he  left  the  town,  and  must  conse- 
quently have  been  attacked  on  the  sixth  or  seventh  day. 
Yet  Polybius  states,  (fixing  the  date  with  careful  precision, 
rfcr]  dtj  TcrapTolo^  lov),  that  Hannibal  fell  again,  ichen  now  on 
his  fourth  dai/'s  march,  into  some  great  danger.  AVhat  then 
was  this  great  danger  ?  According  to  the  view  we  have 
taken,  it  was  the  treacherous  attack  in  the  neighbourhood 
of  the  rock :  according  to  the  general  view,  it  was  llie 
meeting  with  the  deputation  of  Gauls  bearing  boughs  and 
crowns.     But  this  last  supposition  is  scarcely  well  founded: 


40  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

for  no  great  danger  could  be  said  to  result  to  Hannibal 
from  such  an  encounter,  or  from  such  weapons.  Neither 
is  this  difficulty  by  any  means  explained  away  by  the  fact, 
that  the  intentions  of  these  Gauls  were  treacherous,  and 
that,  two  or  three  days  afterwards,  they  brought  Hannibal 
into  great  danger.  It  was  the  danger  itself,  and  not  the 
Gauls  from  whom  he  afterwards  incurred  that  danger,  that 
Hannibal  encountered  on  the  fourth  day.  Nor  is  it  allow- 
able thus  to  compress  the  events  of  three  or  four  days 
into  one  ;  as  must  be  done,  if  the  dangers  .of  the  attack 
at  the  Eoclv,  on  the  sixth  or  seventh  day,  are  supposed  to 
be  comprised  in  the  pacific  interview  of  the  fourth  day. 
The  evident  intention  of  the  historian  to  fix  his  dates  with 
accuracy  must  be  completely  defeated  by  such  a  lax  inter- 
pretation. Far  preferable  to  a  strained  explanation  of  this 
nature  must  be  the  one,  which  takes  the  great  danger 
spoken  of  to  be  nothing  else  than  the  treacherous  attack 
of  which  Polybius  afterwards  gives  the  details,  a  time 
of  peril  when  the  whole  army  v/as  on  the  very  brink 
of  destruction.  This  was,  in  absolute  reality,  a  great 
danger :  the  meeting  with  the  Gallic  deputation  could 
only,  at  the  most,  be  considered  as  such  in  prospect ; 
being,  in  fact,  only  partially  conducive  to  the  great  dan- 
gers, which  bcfel  the  Carthaginians  several  days  subse- 
quently. 

Yet  Polybius  docs  not  merely  say,  that  Hannibal  had, 
on  the  fourth  day,  to  encounter  great  dangers  ;  but  that  he 
had  again,  on  the  fourth  day,  to  encounter  great  dangers. 
To  what  previous  event  then  does  this  '  again'  refer  ? 
Clearly  to  the  similar  part  of  what  has  been  given  above 
as  the  second  summary,  where,  in  page  37,  it  is  stated, 
that  Hannibal  found  himself  in  a  situation  "of  the  greatest 
danger.  This  danger,  we  know,  befcl  him  in  consequence 
of  the  attack  made  upon  him  at  the  commencement  of  the 
ascent  of  the  Alps  :  and  the  almost  complete  identity  of 
the  two  statements  of  danger  would  lead  us  to  expect 
something  similar  on  the  second  occasion.  The  attack 
near  the  Rock  satisfies  these  expectations  completely :  but 
no  resemblance  can  be  found  between  the  battle  with  the 
Allobroges,  and  the  peaceful  conference  with  the  Gauls, 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  41 

who  bore  boughs  and  crowns  in  token  of  amity.  Yet  this 
is  the  only  event  which  took  place  on  the  fourth  day,  if 
the  general  interpretation  of  Polybius  be  adopted. 

Lastly,  it  may  be  urged,  that  when  Polybius  says,  'but, 
on  the  fourth  day  he  again  had  to  encounter  great  dangers,' 
the  historian  plainly  wishes  to  mark  the  precise  date  of 
some  important  occurrence ;  in  like  manner  as  he  after- 
wards fixes  the  great  event  of  the  arrival  at  the  summit  of 
the  pass,  as  taking  place  on  the  ninth  day.  But  which  of 
the  two  events  was  pre-eminent  in  point  of  importance : 
the  attack  by  which  the  whole  Carthaginian  army  was 
nearly  brought  to  destruction,  or  the  meeting  with  a  depu- 
tation of  Gauls  bearing  boughs  and  crowns  ?  There  can 
evidently  be  no  question  as  to  the  relative  importance  of 
these  two  events  :  nor,  as  has  been  before  observed,  can 
the  connexion  of  the  first  with  the  second  make  it  be  con- 
sidered as  identical  with  it  in  respect  of  date. 

From  all  these  arguments  it  appears,  that  the  inter- 
pretation of  Polybius,  generally  accepted,  is  found,  on 
close  examination,  to  be  witliout  foundation ;  the  only 
satisfactory  view  that  can  be  taken  of  the  Greek  narra- 
tive being,  that  Hannibal  was  attacked,  near  'the  strong 
white  rock,'  on  the  fourth  day  of  his  march  from  the  town 
of  the  Allobroges.  In  the  investigation  of  Hannibal's 
route,  it  is  exceedingly  important  to  determine  the  date 
of  this  attack  with  accuracy:  for  the  'strong  white  rock' 
seems  noticed  by  Polybius,  expressly  with  the  view  of 
pointing  out  the  locality  where  the  contest  occurred,  by 
mentioning  a  striking  and  permanent  landmark,  whicli 
offered  itself  in  that  place  as  a  natural  monument  of  the 
battle  fought  around  it.  The  place  where  this  remarkable 
rock,  distinguished  by  its  strength  and  whiteness,  is  to  be 
sought,  must  be  found  by  fixing  the  date  of  the  events 
which  occurred  in  its  neighbourhood;  and  these  events, 
we  have  now  concluded,  occurred  on  the  fourth  day  after 
ITannil)al  left  the  town.  As,  therefore,  Hannibal  remained 
encamped  near  the  Rock  during  the  fourth  night,  and  as 
he  arrived  at  the  summit  of  the  pass  on  the  ninth  morning, 
the  Hock  must  be  situated  nearly  half-way  between  the 
town  and  the  summit  of  the  pass ;  nearly  half-way,  that  is 


42  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

to  say,  in  point  of  time,  for,  in  point  of  distance,  the 
respective  difficulties  of  the  way,  above  and  below  the 
rock,  must  be  taken  into  account.  Another  condition  for 
the  determination  of  Hannibal's  route  is  thus  obtained' : 

'  At  a  place  nearly  half-way,  in  point  of  time,  between 
the  town  of  the  AUobroges  and  the  summit  of  the  pass,  a 
certain  '  strong  white  rock'  must  be  found  ;  and  the  adjacent 
country  must  be  in  accordance  with  the  events,  which  are 
recorded  by  Polybius  to  have  taken  place  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  the  rock.' 


TVe  have  now  to  consider  Polybius'  account  of  the 
battle  which  was  fought  near  the  rock  he  so  particularly 
mentions.  The  Carthaginian  army  was  attacked,  he  says, 
while  it  was  passing  through  a  difficult  and  precipitous 
ravine,  (pdpayyd  Tiva  cvaftuTov  koI  Kptjixvcodtj.  By  this 
expression  he  probably  means  a  narrow  passage  bounded 
by  precipitous  acclivities,  where  the  way  presented  con- 
siderable difficulty.  Polybius  afterwards  calls  this  ravine 
•^apd^pa,  and  says  that  the  army  e^efxijpvaaro,  defiled 
through  it;  an  operation  which  occupied  a  whole  night. 
From  this  also  we  should  be  led  to  conclude,  that  there 
was  a  narrow  passage,  where  not  many  could  pass  at  a 
time,  through  which  the  Carthaginians  were  obliged  to 
make  their  way.  This  (pdpay^  or  -^apd^pa  will  form 
one  of  the  features  of  the  country,  which  must  be  sought 
for  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  '  strong  Avhite  rock.' 

As  Hannibal  proceeded  through  the  country  of  these 
Alpine  Gauls,  the  band,  which  had  first  met  him  on  his 
march  from  the  Town,  led  the  way  in  the  van.  But  as  the 
Carthaginians  advanced,  other  bodies  of  the  Gauls  col- 
lected on  the  rear.  Each  village  or  district  that  was 
passed  through,  would  send  out  its  men  to  swell  the  num- 
bers of  those  who  were  following  vip  the  army;  so  that, 
in  the  two  days,  during  wliich  they  allowed  Hannibal  to 
march    peaceably    through  their  country,  they  would  be 


Condition  IV. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  43 

enabled  to  draw  together  a  considerable  force.  These 
movements  increased  the  suspicions  of  the  Carthaginian 
general,  which  had  never  entirely  been  laid  asleep.  Aware 
of  the  danger  to  which  his  rear  was  exposed,  he  placed 
his  heavy  infantry  there,  to  make  head  against  the  Gauls, 
if  they  should  venture  to  assail  him.  The  cavalry  and 
baggage  were  at  the  same  time  placed  in  the  van,  so  as 
to  be  beyond  the  reach  of  the  Gauls  hanging  upon  the 
rear.  What  position  in  the  line  of  march  the  light  in- 
fantry occupied  is  not  mentioned :  they  were  probably  in 
the  centre,  ready  to  move  upon  any  point  where  their 
assistance  might  be  required.  That  they  should  have 
been  in  a  position  where  they  could  be  easily  brought 
into  action,  was  almost  indispensable  ;  for  they  alone  were 
serviceable  in  mountain  fighting,  or  capable  of  driving 
back  an  enemy  upon  difficult  ground. 

This  then  was  the  arrangement  of  the  Carthaginian 
line  of  march  previous  to  the  attack.  The  cavalry  and 
baggage  were  in  the  van,  the  light  infantry  probably  in  the 
centre,  and  the  heavy  infantry  in  the  rear.  One  body 
of  the  Gauls,  now  about  to  put  their  treacherous  design 
into  execution,  was  leading  the  way  at  the  head  of  the 
Carthaginian  columns :  another  body  was  hanging  on  the 
rear.  The  army  of  Hannibal  was  thus  threatened  at  both 
extremities  of  its  line  of  march. 

The  numbers  of  the  Carthaginians  amounted  at  this 
time  to  about  40,000  '.  The  line  of  march  of  an  army  so 
numerous  as  this,  especially  Avhen  confined  in  a  mountain 
valley,  must  have  extended  to  a  length  of  some  miles.  The 
foremost  columns  and  the  rear-guard  would  consequently 
be  several  miles  apart. 

The  Gauls  at  length  made  their  attack  :  but  the  pru- 
dent arrangements  of  Hannibal  saved  the  Carthaginian 
army.      The  attack  upon  the  rear  fiiiled  ;    for  the  heavy 


1  After  the  passage  of  the  Rhone  they  amounted  to  40,000,  of  whom 
20,000  reached  the  plains  of  Italy.  Nearly  as  many  were  lost  upon  the 
descent  from  the  Alps,  as  there  were  during  the  ascent.  About  3.-,000 
would  thus  reach  the  sununit  of  the  Alps.  Their  numbers  at  the  battlo 
of  tho  Rock  may  therefore  bo  taken  to  have  been  about  40,000. 


44  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS. 

infantry  succeeded  in  withstanding  the  efForts  of  the  enemy. 
The  contest  here  probably  took  place  in  a  part  of  the  valley 
■where  the  ground  was  not  difficult :  for  the  heavy  infantry 
would  hardly  have  repelled  the  mountaineers,  if  they  had 
had  at  the  same  time  to  contend  with  the  ruggedness  of 
the  mountains.  Yet,  though  the  Carthaginians  were  suc- 
cessful upon  this  quarter,  they  suffered  severe  loss,  both 
in  men,  horses,  and  baggage-animals.  The  van  therefore 
was  also  attacked,  for  it  was  there  that  the  cavalry  and 
baggage  had  been  placed  by  Hannibal.  This  attack  must 
have  been  made  by  the  Gauls  who  were  previously  men- 
tioned by  Polybius  as  leading  the  way  in  the  van.  They 
were,  however,  probably  not  alone,  but  had  been  joined  by 
other  parties  of  Gauls,  who  were  awaiting  them  there  ; 
yet  of  whose  presence  Hannibal  does  not  seem  to  have 
been  aware,  as  it  w^as  his  rear  which  he  appears  to  have 
thought  especially  in  danger.  It  is  not  likely  that  any 
of  the  Gauls  who  attacked  the  rear  had  any  share  in  the 
destruction  of  the  cavalry  and  baggage-animals  in  the 
van  :  for  they  could  hardly  have  managed  to  make  their 
way  along  the  mountain  sides,  unopposed  by  Hannibal, 
for  so  long  a  distance.  Neither  could  the  heavy  infantry 
be  spoken  of  by  Polybius  as  rendering  the  service  they 
did  to  the  army,  had  the  Gauls  who  had  hung  upon  the 
rear  succeeded  in  passing  all  along  the  mountains  so  as 
to  fall  on  the  van.  When  the  historian  says,  tovtmu  ^e 
echeSpevovrcov  cXuttov  (Xvvej3}j  yeveaOai  to  Tra^os*  ovtoi  yap 
ea-Te^au  rrjv  eTrKpopdv  tuh'  ^ap(iapcov,  it  seems  necessarily 
to  be  implied,  that  the  heavy  infantry,  repelling  the  enemy 
in  the  rear,  succeeded  in  preventing  them  from  inflicting 
any  injury  upon  the  Carthaginians. 

The  Gauls  who  attacked  the  van  had  the  advantage  of 
the  ground.  As  they  marched  in  advance  of  the  Cartha- 
ginians, they  were  enabled  to  occupy  the  slopes  above  the 
road,  along  which  the  army  which  followed  them  had  to 
proceed.  From  this  position,  (joined  perhaps,  as  has  been 
conjectured,  by  others  of  their  own  countrymen)  they 
assailed  the  Carthaginian  van  with  rocks  and  stones.  Down 
the  steeper  declivities  they  probably  rolled  rocks  from 
some  distance  above :  and,  where  the  slope  was  not  suffi- 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  45 

ciently  steep  to  give  the  requisite  impulse  to  the  rocks, 
they  advanced  almost  close  to  the  Carthaginians,  and 
hurled  heavy  stones  at  them  as  they  passed  beneath.  By 
these  attacks  a  heavy  loss  in  men,  horses,  and  baggage- 
animals,  was  sustained.  The  foremost  column  was,  in  all 
probability,  entirely  destroyed,  before  Hannibal  could  take 
any  measures  for  the  defence  of  this  division  of  his  army. 
Seeing  the  destruction  that  awaited  them,  the  rest  of  the 
cavalry,  with  the  baggage,  would  halt  or  fall  back,  until 
a  safer  progress  could  be  ensured  for  them. 

No  danger  was  now  to  be  apprehended  on  the  rear : 
the  heavy  infantry  there  held  the  Gauls  in  check,  and 
Hannibal  was  enabled  to  devote  his  personal  efforts  to 
the  safety  of  the  van.  For  this  purpose  it  must  have  been 
necessary  to  gain  possession  of  the  heights  above  the 
slopes,  where  the  Carthaginians  had  suffered  so  severely 
from  rocks  and  stones.  The  light  infantry  would  be  the 
arm  to  which  this  service  would  naturally  be  entrusted ; 
but  it  cannot  be  said  whether  they  composed  all  the 
forces  on  the  occasion.  One  half  of  the  Carthaginian 
army,  that  is  to  say,  about  20,000  men,  were  led  on  by 
Hannibal  in  person  against  the  Gauls  on  the  mountains, 
and  succeeded  either  in  driving  them  back,  or  in  manoeuv- 
ring so  as  to  make  them  abandon  their  posts.  However 
his  purpose  may  have  been  effected,  he  at  length  took  up 
a  position  where  he  was  able  to  guard  the  rest  of  his  army 
as  it  resumed  the  interrupted  march  through  the  ravine. 
This  march  was  performed  during  the  night,  which  may 
have  been  about  to  fall  when  Hannibal  took  up  his  posi- 
tion on  the  heights.  He  probably  thought  that  during  the 
night  he  could  draw  his  army  ofi'  better  from  the  Gauls  iii 
the  rear,  who  perhaps  would  not  suspect  that  such  a 
movement  was  contemplated,  even  if  the  fatigue  and  ill 
success  of  the  conflict  of  the  day  had  not  rendered  them 
indisposed  for  an  inunediate  renewal  of  hostilities.  During 
all  the  night  Hannibal  remained  in  position,  separated 
from  the  rest  of  his  army  as  it  defiled  through  the  ravine. 
On  the  morrow,  the  Gauls  having  withdrawn,  Hannibal 
rejoined  his  cavalry  and  baggage,  and  resumed  his  journey 
towards  the  summit  of  the  Ali)s. 


46  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

Such,  as  far  as  can  be  collected  from  the  narrative  of 
Polybius,  were  the  progress  and  termination  of  the  battle 
of  the  Rock.  The  most  remarkable  circmnstance  it  eon- 
tains, — a  circumstance  which  gives  an  important  clue  by 
which  the  scene  of  this  contest  may  be  found, — is  the  fact 
of  HannibaFs  having  posted  20,000  men  on  the  heights, 
away  from  the  rest  of  his  army,  and  for  the  sake  of  en- 
suring its  safety.  This  circumstance  at  once  suggests  the 
existence  of  an  extent  of  practicable  ground  above  the 
slopes  on  one  side  of  the  road,  by  no  means  usually  to  be 
found  in  the  Alps.  It  is  also  worthy  of  notice,  that 
Hannibal  is  said  to  have  jjassed  the  night  x^P^^^  '^'^^  'iTrircov 
Kttl  Ttov  inro^uyicov,  an  expression  which  seems  to  imply 
that  his  position  was  at  some  considerable  distance  from 
the  place  where  he  had  left  his  cavalry  and  baggage; 
for  a  slight  distance,  such  as  some  fifty  or  a  hundred 
yards,  between  two  divisions  of  an  army,  would  hardly  be 
considered  as  amounting  to  a  separation  of  positions,  or 
have  been  a  sufl&ciently  important  movement  to  have  been 
recorded. 

But  the  extent  of  the  practicable  ground  on  one  side 
of  the  Carthaginian  army  seems  to  have  been  more  than 
was  merely  sufficient  for  the  posts  of  Hannibal's  20,000 
men.  Tor  these  men  were  placed  on  the  heights  in  order 
that  they  might  protect  the  rest  of  the  army,  from  which 
they  had  separated.  They  had  consequently, — at  least 
such  a  conclusion  appears  necessary, — interposed  between 
the  Gauls  on  the  heights  and  their  own  cavalry.  These 
Gauls  would  thus  be  stationed,  in  all  probability,  on  a 
more  remote  part  of  the  same  tract  of  ground  where  Han- 
nibal had  posted  his  20,000  men. 

The  difficult  and  precipitous  ravine,  mentioned  by 
Polybius,  has  been  already  noticed,  and  its  character  con- 
jectured. The  slopes  where  the  Gauls  attacked  the  flank 
of  the  Carthaginian  van,  by  rolling  down  rocks  and  casting 
stones  ;  and  the  great  extent  of  practicable  ground  above 
these  slopes,  are  the  chief  features  (besides  the  '  strong 
white  rock')  by  which  the  scene  of  the  battle  is  to  be 
recognized.  We  have  therefore  to  find  in  the  immediate 
nciii'libourhood  of  the  Rock  : 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  47 

(1)  A  difficult  and  precipitous  ravine,  through  which 
the  road  must  pass. 

(2)  A  range  of  slopes  overlooking  the  road,  and  liable 
to  be  swept,  in  one  or  more  places,  by  rocks  set  in  mo- 
tion from  above. 

(3)  A  large  extent  of  practicable  ground  above  these 
slopes. 

(4)  A  position  on  this  ground,  at  some  distance  from 
the  road,  Tvhere  20,000  men  could  be  stationed,  so  as  to 
protect  completely  an  army  marching  along  the  road  be- 
neath, and  such  as  would  not  expose  themselves  to  be 
attacked  at  any  serious  disadvantage,  by  an  enemy  lyin^ 
beyond  them  relatively  to  the  road'. 


The  portion  of  Polybius'  narrative,  relating  to  the 
march  from  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Rock  to  the  summit 
of  the  pass,  is  very  short,  and  presents  nothing  of  much 
consequence.  It  comprises  a  short  statement  of  the  march; 
and  mentions  how  the  Carthaginians  were  harassed  on 
their  way  by  occasional  predatory  attacks  on  the  part  of 
the  barbarians,  but  had  not  to  encounter  any  formidable 
opposition  to  their  progress.  The  only  particular  obser- 
vation, which  Polybius  makes  upon  this  part  of  the  march, 
refers  to  the  effect  Avhich  the  sight  of  the  elcijhants  pro- 
duced upon  the  barbarians  ;  who  were  so  overawed  by  the 
appearance  of  these  unknown  and  gigantic  animals,  that 
they  were  deterred  from  making  any  assault  upon  those 
parts  of  the  line  of  march  where  they  were  to  be  found. 
It  does  not  appear,  that  these  barbarians  formed  any  part 
of  those  wlio  had  attacked  Hannil)al  in  the  neighbour- 
liood  of  the  Rock,  and  Avho  would  naturally  have  been  left 
behind  by  the  Carthaginians.  Indeed,  had  the  barbarians, 
who  made  the  predatory  attacks,  had  any  sliarc  in  tlie 
battle  of  the  Rock,  the  appearance  of  the  elephants  could 


^  As  no  attack  is  said  to  have  boon  made,  cither  on  tlio  army  during 
its  night  march,  or  on  tho  protecting  troops  of  Hannibal,  woniay  condudo 
that  neither  division  was  niudi  exposed  to  molestation  on  ilie  part  of  tiio 
enemy. 


48  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

hardly  have  been  so  unfamiliar  to  them,  or  have  overawed 
them  in  the  manner  it  is  said  to  have  done.  Most  pro- 
bably, they  were  merely  the  inhabitants  of  the  several 
districts  through  which  the  army  successively  passed,  who 
seized  any  favourable  opportunity  of  plundering  that  oc- 
curred, without  offering  any  organized  resistance  to  the 
Carthaginians. 

It  is,  however,  necessary  to  notice  in  this  place  an 
erroneous  interpretation  of  a  passage  in  Polybius,  from 
which  it  has  been  concluded,  that  the  battle  of  the  Rock 
took  place  on  the  day  before  Hannibal  reached  the  summit 
of  the  Alps.  The  "Greek  narrative  runs  thus  :  tJ]  ^'  kirav- 
piov  Toov  TToXe/JLicov  yyopidOevToyi'^  avvaxj/a^  tols  'nnreucn  kul 
Tois  VTroTuyioi^  irpoijye  tt^o?  tos  vwepf^oXas  Tas  ai/wraTU) 
Toov  A\7recov,  k.t.X. 

In  this  passage,  it  has  been  supposed  that  the  words 
Trj  S'  eiravpiov  are  connected  with  irpoijye,  and  that  Han- 
nibal consequently  gained  the  summit  of  the  pass  on  the 
day  after  he  fought  the  battle.  Yet  this  supposition  is 
unfounded,  for  all  that  the  Greek  implies  as  having  oc- 
curred '  on  the  morrow,'  is  the  junction  of  the  two  divi- 
sions of  the  army  after  the  enemy  had  withdrawn.  It  is, 
besides,  by  no  means  natural  to  suppose,  that  the  day 
mentioned  as  the  eircwpwv  is  the  same  day  as  that  indi- 
cated subsequently  in  the  word  ewaralo^ ;  for  the  latter  day 
seems  clearly  to  be  spoken  of  by  Polybius  as  later  than 
the  former.  Neither  would  any  sufficient  time  be  left,  if 
this  view  were  adopted,  for  the  series  of  repeated  attacks, 
on  various  parts  of  the  army,  and  in  different  localities, 
which  are  recorded  to  have  been  made  between  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  the  Rock  and  the  summit  of  the  pass.  For 
Hannibal  reached  the  summit  of  the  i)ass  on  the  morning 
of  the  ninth  day  ;  so  that  scarcely  any  time  could  inter- 
vene between  his  arrival  there,  and  his  departure  from  his 
l)Osition  near  the  Rock,  if  it  were  only  on  the  same  ninth 
morning  that  he  left  this  position.  Indeed,  it  seems  plain 
that  the  Rock  must  have  been  at  a  distance  of  many  miles 
from  the  summit  of  the  pass,  for  the  predatory  attacks, 
which  the  Carthaginians  suffered  during  this  part  of  the 
march,  were,  in  all  probability,  made  by  the  inhabitants 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  49 

of  the  several  districts  through  which  they  passed^;  and 
the  immediate  neighbourhood  of  the  summits  of  the 
Alpine  passes  was  not  inhabited  in  the  time  of  Polybius, 
as  indeed  is  generally  the  case  at  present,  although  the 
uninhabited  regions  are  now,  no  doubt,  less  extensive.  If 
the  words  also  of  Polybius — 6Xoax,epe1  fxeu  oiiSeul  Trepnv'nr- 
Twv  en  avaTtjfxaTi  twv  (3apj3dpwii,  Kara,  /uept]  oe  Kal  Kara 
TOTTOf?  irapevoyXovfxevo^  vtt  avrcov'  cuv  oi  juei'  airo  ttj^  ovpa- 
yca^  oi  ce  airo  Ttjs  TrpooToiropeia^  aTreairwv  toou  CKevocpopwv 
evia,  TrpoaTTiTTToi'Tes  euKa'cpcos-  k.t.X. — if  these  Avords  be 
duly  considered,  it  will  be  seen,  that  the  events  to  which 
they  refer  require  for  their  occurrence  a  considerable 
space  of  time  and  length  of  march,  and  that  they  are  not 
such  as  would  have  happened  in  the  course  of  two  or  three 
hours,  or  on  a  march  of  a  very  few  miles,  especially 
through  a  district  where  there  were  scarcely  any,  or  no 
inhabitants.  That  the  '  strong  white  rock'  of  Polybius 
should  thus  have  been  situated  (as  is  the  case  with  the 
'  Eoche  Blanche'  on  the  road  of  the  Little  St  Bernard, 
and  the  gypsum  rock  near  Termignon  on  the  road  of  the 
Mont  Cenis)  at  a  distance  of  no  more  than  about  six 
miles  below  the  summit  of  the  pass,  appears,  from  this 
passage  alone  of  Polybius,  to  be  a  supposition  deficient  in 
probability,  even  if  no  account  be  taken  of  the  previous 
part  of  the  narrative,  which  relates  to  Hannibal's  transac- 
tions with  the  barbarians  who  afterwards  betrayed  him, 
and  from  which  the  natural  conclusion  is,  that  it  was  on 
the  fourth  day  that  the  Carthaginians  were  attacked  near 
the  '  strong  white  rock.'  Upon  this  latter  supposition,  on 
the  other  hand,  ample  space  and  time  are  allowed  for  the 
events  which  took  place  between  the  Rock  and  the  summit 
of  the  pass ;  Hannibal  being  supposed  to  have  left  his 
position  near  the  llock  on  the  morning  of  the  fifth  day, 
and  to  have  arrived  at  the  summit  of  the  pass  four  days 
afterwards. 


1  As  tho  van  of  Hannibars  army  was  plundered,  as  well  as  tlio  rear,  it 
Bccms  almost  certain  that  tlicsc  attacks  couUI  not  liavo  been  made  by  bands 
following  up  the  Carthaginians. 


CHAPTER  V. 

Discussion  of  Polybius'  narrative  of  the  events  wliich  took  place  at  the 
summit  of  the  pass,  and  on  the  descent  to  Turin. — The  plains  of 
Italy  visible  from  the  summit  of  the  pass. — Precipitous  nature  of 
the  descent. — The  path  destroyed  by  a  landslip. — Maimer  in  which 
the  path  was  reconstructed. — Hannibal  arrives  in  the  country  of  the 
Taurini. — Journal  of  the  march  from  the  confluence  of  the  Rhone 
and  Isere  to  the  commencement  of  the  plains  of  Italy. — Conditions 
for  the  determination  of  the  pass  which  Hannibal  crossed. 


ON  the  morning  of  the  ninth  day  after  he  had  left  the 
town  of  the  Allobroges,  Hannibal  at  length  gained 
the  summit  of  the  pass.  Here  he  encamped,  and  remained 
during  the  greater  part  of  the  ninth  and  all  the  tenth 
day,  waiting  for  stragglers  who  had  been  left  behind,  and 
giving  some  repose  to  his  men  after  the  toils  and  dangers 
of  the  ascent.  A  respite  from  toil  and  a  freedom  from 
hostile  attacks  they  indeed  obtained,  but  were  exposed 
in  return  to  new  and  equally  depressing  hardships.  It 
was  now  the  end  of  October.  Winter  had  ah-eady  reigned 
for  a  month  upon  the  higher  parts  of  the  Alpine  passes ; 
the  snow  was  beginning  to  collect ;  and  the  temperature, 
during  a  full  half  of  the  twenty-four  hours,  would  be  be- 
low the  freezing  point.  The  rest  they  had  obtained  only 
made  them  feel  the  cold  still  more  acutely,  by  depriving 
them  of  all  opportunity  of  exercise  ;  the  excitement  of 
enterprise  and  of  overcoming  danger  and  difficulty  no 
longer  sustained  them  ;  and  in  the  languor  of  inaction 
their  thoughts  naturally  reverted  to  the  perils,  from  which 
they  had  only  escaped  with  difficulty  and  heavy  loss,  and 
a  renewal  of  which  they  expected  to  await  their  enfeebled 
and  reduced  numbers  upon  the  descent.  Their  provi- 
sions also  were  probably  by  this  time  approaching  to  ex- 
haustion, and  they  found  themselves  encamped  on  the 
snowy  crest  of  the  Alps,  with  a  barren  solitude  extending 
for  miles  around  them.  Here,  for  the  first  time,  we  read 
of  the  spirits  of  the  army  sinking.     A  feeling  of  despond- 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  51 

ency  spread  through  the  ranks  of  the  Carthaginians  :  and 
on  the  tenth  dayS  after  they  had  been  exposed  to  the 
severities  of  a  winter's  night  upon  the  Alps,  their  profound 
dejection  aroused  the  anxiety  of  their  leader,  who  imme- 
diately took  measures  to  counteract  a  state  of  feeling,  which 
might  have  proved  fatal  to  the  success  of  the  expedition. 

From  this  circumstance  we  are  made  aware  of  one 
of  the  most  important  characteristics  of  the  pass  which 
Hannibal  crossed.  He  had,  Polybius  says,  one  only  re- 
source by  which  he  could  encourage  his  desponding  army: 
and  that  one  resource  consisted  in  setting  before  them 
the  prospect  of  Italy.  Italy  was  thus  visible  from  the 
summit  of  the  pass.  No  modified  interpretation 2  of  this 
assertion  can  be  admitted  :  it  cannot  be  supposed  that 
Polybius  would  have  spoken  of  Hannibal,  either  as  shewing 
or  as  pointing  to,  that  which  was  at  the  time  out  of  sight. 
Nor  is  it  easy  to  conceive,  unless  Italy  itself  lay  before 
their  eyes,  how  the  soldiers  would  have  derived  much  en- 
couragement from  all  Hannibal's  words.  For  this  it  Avas 
essential  that  Italy  should  be  visibly  present,  and  their 
extrication  from  the  fatal  region  of  the  Alps  evidently  at 
hand,  the  utmost  limits  of  the  mountains,  and  the  country 
beyond,  being  plainly  descried.  Otherwise  Hannibal  would 
have  had  no  foundation  on  which  to  ground  his  encourag- 
ing exhortations;  but  all  his  words  would  have  fallen 
dead,  had  the  Carthaginians  seen,  as  they  would  have 
done  on  most  passes,  that  the  mountains  still  shut  them 
in  on  every  side,  and  that  '  Alps  on  Alps'  still  lay  piled 
before  them  upon  their  future  course,  all  the  unknown 
and  intricate  vallies  and  ravines  among  them  having  still 
to  be  threaded,  before  they  could  hope  to  arrive  at  the 
invisible  plains  of  Italy. 

Yet,  though  Italy  Avas  visible  from  the  summit  of  the 
pass,  it  was  not  from  the  place  where  the  Carthaginians 
were   actually   encamped,    that   Italy  could  be  seen.     On 

^  It  was  on  tho  tenth  day ;  for  on  the  morrow  they  began  to  descend, 
and  their  descent  commenced  on  tlie  eleventh  day. 

2  Sco  Dcluc,  IHstoirc  dupassuf/c  dcs  A/j>cs,  i)p.  ir.G — 1;'.!) ;  and  Pisscr- 
talton  on  the  passage  of  JIannibal,  hu  a  member  of  the  Univcrsitu  ofOj-ford. 
rp.  G2-G7.  >^  J      J       ' 

4—2 


52  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

the  tenth  morning,  after  they  had  remained  encamped  for 
a  whole  day,  the  evdpyeia  tj^s  'IraXias,  or  '  manifestation  of 
Italy,'  had  not  taken  place.  From  their  encampment  then, 
at  that  time,  Italy  was  invisible ;  and  Hannibal  must  have 
brought  them  to  some  other  point,  from  whence  the  pro- 
spect could  be  obtained.  As  to  the  position  of  this  point 
of  view,  Polybius  says  nothing ;  but  we  are  led  to  infer 
that  it  lay  not  far  distant  from  the  road  over  the  summit 
of  the  pass.  For,  had  it  lain  at  any  great  distance,  it  is 
rather  difficult  to  imagine  how  Hannibal  had  become 
aware  that  there  was  any  point  commanding  such  a  view ; 
a  circumstance,  of  which  he  was  probably  apprised  by  his 
Gallic  guides,  who  would  only  have  been  acquainted,  froiu 
previous  knowledge,  with  what  lay  in  the  immediate  neigh- 
bourhood of  the  road;  as  it  was  not  likely  that  any  one, 
crossing  these  desolate  regions,  would  have  diverged  un- 
necessarily from  the  track.  Besides,  had  Hannibal  made 
an  excursion  of  any  length  for  the  purpose  of  obtaining  a 
view  of  Italy,  Polybius  would  naturally  have  taken  some 
notice  of  it,  and  not  have  passed  it  over  in  complete  silence. 
We  are  therefore  led  to  conclude,  that  the  point  from 
Avhich  Italy  was  seen  lay  not  far  from  the  road  over  the 
summit  of  the  pass,  but  yet  was  not  included  in  the  ground 
where  the  Carthaginians  encamped,  when  they  first  gained 
the  summit. 

When  Hannibal  shewed  Italy  to  his  troops,  he  pointed 
out  to  them  the  plains  of  the  Po,  and  indicated  to  them 
the  quarter  in  which  Eome  itself  lay,  rov  rrj^  'Pw/atj^  avrtj^ 
Toirov.  The  district  described  as  the  plains  of  the  Po  is 
well  known.  It  is  the  vast  tract  of  country,  almost  en- 
tirely level,  which  lies  between  the  Alps  on  the  North  and 
the  Apennines  on  the  south,  and  which  stretches  eastward 
from  the  roots  of  the  Cottian  Alps  as  far  as  the  Adriatic 
sea.  A  part  of  this  country  Hannibal  pointed  out  to  his 
soldiers.  He  also  indicated  to  them  the  quarter  in  which 
Rome  itself  lay.  Here  the  word  is  much  vaguer  than 
when  the  plains  arc  spoken  of.  In  the  first  case  it  is 
evl€iKvvii.cvo<i,  in  the  latter  uiroleiKvuiov.  Neither  is  it  actu- 
ally Home  that  is  spoken  of,  but  only  the  quarter  in  which 
Ptome  lay.      Hannibal  gave  his  army,  in  fact,  a  vague  no- 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  53 

tion  where  Rome  was  situated.  He  saw,  we  may  imagine, 
as  he  would  naturally  do  from  the  Alps,  the  range  of  the 
Apennines  rising  beyond  the  plains  of  the  Po ;  and  gave 
his  men  some  idea  of  the  situation  of  Rome,  by  saying 
that  it  lay  beyond  the  range  of  mountains,  which  they  then 
descried  upon  the  distant  horizon.  How  far  it  lay  beyond 
them,  he  probably  did  not  think  it  necessary  to  state,  even 
if  he  well  knew  himself;  for  his  object  was  not  to  convey 
information,  but  encouragement :  and  he  would  not  have 
been  unwilling  to  let  his  army  infer,  that  Rome  was  situ- 
ated at  a  short  distance  beyond  the  Apennines.  AYith 
respect  to  the  plains  of  the  Po,  no  deception  was  possible; 
they  could  not  have  supposed  that  they  saw  them,  unless 
they  actually  did  so.  With  respect,  however,  to  the  posi- 
tion of  Rome,  they  had  no  means  of  determining  whether 
what  Hannibal  said  was  strictly  true  or  not ;  but  must 
have  taken  it  for  granted,  -without  question,  that  Rome 
lay  where  he  told  them  that  it  did,  unless  such  an  asser- 
tion was  palpably  extravagant. 

It  is  unnecessary  to  offer  any  remarks  upon  the  saga- 
city which  Hannibal  evinced  in  introducing  the  name  of 
Rome,  and  in  connecting  that  city  with  the  prospect  the 
Carthaginians  then  had  beneath  them.  But  a  short  time 
before,  seeing  themselves  enclosed  on  all  sides  by  the 
snows  and  crags  of  the  Alps,  they  had  abandoned  hope, 
and  given  way  to  despair.  Now,  not  only  did  the  fertile 
plains  of  Italy  greet  their  sight ;  but  it  even  seemed,  as 
their  eyes  possessed  themselves  of  the  country  upon  which 
they  looked  down,  and  rested  upon  the  distant  Apennines, 
which  alone,  as  they  believed,  separated  them  from  Rome, 
that  the  great  city  itself,  the  prize  for  which  they  had 
dared  so  much,  was  then  almost  within  their  grasp. 

It  was  then  the  sight  of  the  Apennines,  which  had,  in 
all  probability,  suggested  to  Hannibal  the  idea  of  Rome, 
and  by  means  of  which  he  indicated  its  situation.  The 
condition,  therefore,  which  results  from  the  fact  of  Italy 
having  been  seen  from  tlic  summit  of  the  pass,  will  be  of 
the  following  nature ' : 


1   Coinlition  VL 


54  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

'  From  a  point,  probably  not  far  from  the  road  over 
the  summit  of  the  pass,  but  yet  not  upon  the  ground  where 
the  Carthaginians  would  encamp  when  they  first  reached 
the  summit,  the  plains  of  the  Po,  and,  in  all  probability, 
the  Apennines  also,  ought  to  be  visible.' 


On  the  eleventh  day  after  leaving  the  Town,  the  Car- 
thaginians began  their  descent  into  Italy.  The  com- 
mencement of  the  march  was  attended  with  great  disasters. 
The  declivity  of  the  mountain,  down  which  their  route  lay, 
was  excessively  steep,  and  their  path  was  wholly  or  par- 
tially concealed  by  the  snow.  Many,  in  consequence,  un- 
certain where  to  tread,  missed  their  footing,  and  great  num- 
bers, both  of  men  and  beasts,  were  carried  down  the  pre- 
cipices. Of  the  multitudes  lost  upon  the  whole  descent, 
and  amounting  to  nearly  10,000  men,  a  large  proportion 
probably  perished  here.  This  circumstance  presents  to  us 
another  characteristic  of  the  pass  which  the  Carthaginians 
crossed'. 

*  The  first  part  of  the  descent  from  the  summit  of  the 
pass  on  the  Italian  side  must  be  of  a  precipitous  cha- 
racter.' 

Heavy,  however,  as  these  disasters  were,  the  army  bore 
them  Avith  constancy,  having  already  experienced  similar 
calamities.  On  the  other  side  of  the  pass  they  had  pro- 
bably been  exposed  to  something  of  the  same  nature, 
although  Polybius,  who  is  very  concise  with  respect  to  the 
latter  part  of  the  ascent,  does  not  mention  anything  of  the 
kind.  Yet  a  still  severer  trial  soon  befel  the  Cartha- 
ginians. They  arrived  at  a  place  where  their  line  of  route 
ran  along  the  face  of  a  crumbling  precipice,  and  where  the 
path  had  been  carried  away,  together  with  the  face  of  the 
precipice,  by  a  recent  landslip.  There  seems  no  doubt 
that  it  was  an  accident  of  this  nature,  (of  very  common 
occurrence  in  the  Alps,  especially  after  rainy  weather,) 
which  arrested  the  furtlier  progress  of  the  army  of  Han- 
nibal.   That  there  was  a  precipice  in  this  place  is  evident, 


1  Condition  VHL 


hAj^nibal's  passage  of  the  alps.  55 

both  from  the  events  which  took  place,  and  from  the  fact 
of  the  Carthaginians  being  obhgecl  to  halt  for  three  days, 
in  consequence  of  the  accident;  besides,  Polybius,  after- 
wards speaking  of  this  spot,  (and  perhaps  exclusively  of  it,) 
uses  the  words  twv  Trpoeiprjiuei'cov  Kprtfxvwv.  Hannibal  also 
when  he  remedied  the  misfortune,  'built  up  the  precipice,' 
Tov  Kprjuvov  e^cpKoSo/xet ;  SO  that  it  is  quite  certain  there 
was  a  precipice  here.  But  this  same  place  is  also  called 
a-jToppw^,  and  the  diroppw^  is  further  described  as  recently 
/mXXov  en  aireppooyvla ',  in  which  description  a  slip  of  the 
side  of  the  precipice  is  evidently  alluded  to.  The  de- 
struction also,  whole  or  partial,  of  the  path,  could  hardly 
be  explained  on  any  other  supposition  ^ 

The  method  by  which  Hannibal  repaired  the  path,  his 
'  building  up  the  precipice,'  may  be  explained  without  dif- 
ficulty ;  for  the  words  describe  graphically  the  means  now 
resorted  to  in  the  Alps  to  construct  or  repair  a  path  in 
similar  places.  The  precipice  which  had  fallen  away  would 
not  have  been  one  of  solid  rock,  but  a  very  steep  declivity 
of  earth,  or,  what  is  perhaps  more  likely,  one  of  earth  and 
loose  rocks  mingled  together.  These  precipices  are  neces- 
sarily, from  the  nature  of  their  formation,  loosely  coherent 
and  very  subject  to  disintegration :  the  water,  in  times  of 
rain,  easily  penetrates  them ;  the  cohesion  of  their  parts  is 
thus  destroyed  or  weakened ;  and,  owing  to  the  steepness 
of  the  declivity,  the  outer  surface  of  the  precipice  breaks 
up,  and  a  landslip  is  the  result^.  Such  precipices  as  these 
always  deviate  considerably  from  the  vertical :  a  sheer  pre- 
cipice must  be  composed  of  solid  rock.     Any  exception  to 


1  Livy  is  quito  plain  here :  he  says  that  the  cause  of  the  accident  was 
a  '  lapsus  terra?,'  or  landslip. 

2  A  part  of  the  road  over  the  Stclvio  pass  is  mentioned  as  sufi'oring  in 
this  manner.  *  The  steep  sides  of  tho  mountains  along  which  the  road  is 
can-ied,  are  of  a  light  crumhling  soil,  in  which  aro  embedded  rocks  and 
stones.  Heavy  rains  produce  great  injury  to  this  part  of  tho  road,  by 
washing  away  tho  soil  and  bringing  down  the  rocks.  Near  Trafoi,  tho 
road,  for  a  length  of  about  two  English  miles,  was  nearly  destroyed  by 
such  accidents,  and  a  new  ono  on  tho  opposite  l)ank  of  tho  stream 
was  in  consequence  opened  in  184G.' — Murray's  Ilandbook  for  Southern 
Qermauij. 


56 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 


this  rule  is  very  rare  indeed.  Consequently,  when  Han- 
nibal set  his  men  to  work  to  construct  a  new  path,  footing 
for  the  workmen  to  stand  might  be  found  without  much 
difficulty  upon  the  face  of  the  precipice.  In  their  case  also 
it  would  be  more  easily  penetrable  by  the  feet,  in  conse- 
quence of  its  having  been  recently  broken  up ;  so  that 
none  of  the  surface  near  the  line  of  the  destroyed  path 
could  have  been  hard,  but  the  men  might  have  buried 
their  feet  in  the  loose  ground,  and  thus  secured  a  tolerably 
firm  position. 

The  way  in  which  the  precipice  was  '  built  up,'  and  the 
path  made  or  repaired,  would  be  such  as  is  now  employed. 
Men  would  be  stationed  on  the  declivity,  a  few  yards 
below  the  line  of  the  broken  path  ;  and  from  thence,  with 
the  aid  of  materials  readily  found,  such  as  small  rocks, 
stones,  and  earth,  they  would  build  up  a  kind  of  terrace  to 
the  level  of  the  old  path,  and  so  restore  to  it  the  width  it 
had  lost^  As  the  path  is  only  said  to  have  been  made 
impracticable  by  the  landslip  for  elephants  and  beasts  of 
burden,  but  not  for  men,  we  may  suppose  that  some 
assistance  might  be  rendered  from   it  to  those  working 


1  The  annexed  figures,  representing  profiles  or  sections  of  the  decli- 
vity, may  assist  in  rendering  the  mode  of  operation  clearer.  Fig.  1  re- 
presents a  place  where  the  path  was  partially  carried  away,  AB  being  the 
width  of  the  remnant  of  the  path.  In  fig.  2,  the  damage  is  seen  remedied 
by  means  of  a  terrace  (represented  by  the  dark  part  BCD),  ABC  being 
the  width  of  the  restoi'ed  path.  In  fig.  3,  the  path  is  supposed  to  hare 
been  wholly  carried  away,  the  point  A  marking  its  former  position. 
In  fig.  4,  a  new  path,  whose  width  is  AC,  is  seen  formed  by  means  of  a 
terrace. 


Fi-.  3. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  57 

below,  that  materials  might  have  been  furnished  to  them 
from  above,  and  some  help  given  to  them  in  their  arrange- 
ment. Such  a  work  must,  nevertheless,  have  been  long  and 
tedious  :  and  when  it  is  considered,  that  these  terraces  had 
to  be  raised  along  the  mountain-side  for  a  length  of  nearly 
three  hundred  yards  at  leasts  (for  the  path  was  probably 
either  destroyed,  or  more  or  less  damaged,  for  the  whole 
of  the  length  mentioned  by  Polybius,)  and  also  to  be  made 
sufficiently  wide  and  strong  to  support  the  ponderous  bulk 
of  the  elephants,  it  will  readily  be  understood  how  the 
greater  part  of  three  days  was  occupied  in  their  con- 
struction. 

No  vestiges  of  Hannibars  work  can  now  be  expected 
to  remain.  It  is  only  the  general  features  of  the  place 
which  could  have  continued  unaltered  to  the  present  day. 
What  its  nature  was  has  been  now  sufficiently  explained. 
Its  position  also  with  respect  to  the  summit  of  the  pass 
may  be  easily  deduced  within  certain  limits.  For  Han- 
nibal arrived  at  the  broken  path  before  the  first  half  of 
the  eleventh  day  had  elapsed ;  and  it  was  on  the  same  day 
that  he  began  his  descent.  A  condition  of  the  follomng 
nature  will  consequently  result": 

'  At  a  place,  within  half  a  day's  march  of  the  summit 
of  the  pass,  on  the  Italian  side,  the  path  must  lie  along  a 
precipitous  mountain-side  liable  to  be  broken  up  for  a 
length  of  nearly  300  yards ;  and  the  country  in  the  vicinity 
should  be  of  a  nature  adapted  to  Polybius'  account  of  the 
events  which  took  place  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  broken 
path.' 

What  these  occurrences  were  will  now  be  considered. 
When  Hannibal  first  perceived  that  his  path  was  destroyed, 
and  that  it  was  no  longer  possible  for  him  to  descend  by 
the  regular  way,  he  attempted  to  proceed  by  taking  a 
circuit,  and  so  avoiding  the  broken  ground.  An  attempt 
of  this  nature,  among  precipices,  seems  to  have  bordered 
upon  temerity.     Yet  Hannibal  probably  did  not  intend  to 


1   If  tho  path  was  in  zigzag,  its  length  ■would  havo  cxccciled  tho  300 
yards,  tho  extent  of  the  broken  ground. 
^  Condition  IX. 


58  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

strike  out  a  new  line  of  route  for  any  length  of  distance, 
but  merely  to  deviate  so  far  from  the  ordinary  way,  as 
was  sufficient  to  enable  him  to  go  round  the  broken 
ground,  and  then  to  fall  again  into  the  regular  path.  Be- 
sides, unless  he  adoj^ted  this  expedient,  he  must  have  been 
obliged  to  remain  (as  he  ultimately  was  obliged)  for  a  long 
time  upon  the  snowy  ground,  until  the  broken  path  could 
be  reconstructed.  This  alternative  was  in  itself  almost  a 
desperate  one :  for  the  condition  of  the  army  must  have 
been  now  seriously  impaired,  and  their  provisions  nearly 
gone,  while  their  courage  had  again  left  them  when  they 
saw  their  course  arrested. 

Hannibal  preferred  the  alternative  of  immediate  peril 
to  that  of  lengthened  hardship.  His  attempt  to  effect  a 
circuit  was,  however,  frustrated.  The  course  he  had  se- 
lected brought  him  upon  a  very  steep  declivity  of  snow, 
where  a  mass  that  was  hard  and  compact,  and  which  Poly- 
bius  says  had  remained  there  since  the  previous  winter,  was 
thinly  covered  with  snow  that  had  freshly  fallen.  The 
existence  of  this  mass  of  old  snow  gives  some  clue  as  to 
one  probable  feature  of  the  ground  where  the  circuit  was 
attempted.  It  seems  clearly  an  isolated  patch  of  snow 
that  Polybius  speaks  of.  We  have  no  reason  for  ima- 
gining that  the  line  of  perpetual  snow  extended,  even  in 
those  times,  when  the  climate  of  the  Alps  was  severer  than 
it  is  at  present,  as  far  down  as  this  place  would  probably 
be.  Fresh  snow  indeed  then  covered  the  ground  from 
the  summit  of  the  pass  to  this  neighbourhood,  and  con- 
cealed perhaps  in  the  higher  parts  of  the  pass  several 
patches  of  old  snow  like  the  one  of  which  Polybius  speaks, 
but  which,  as  the  fresh  snow  lay  more  thickly  upon  them 
in  consequence  of  the  greater  elevation,  may  have  escaped 
notice. 

Now  the  places  where  patches  of  permanent  snow  lie, 
below  the  line  of  perpetual  snow,  (above  which,  all  the 
mountains,  sheer  precipices  excepted,  are  buried  beneath 
it)  are'  principally  gullies  in  the  mountain-sides,  into  the 
hollows  of  which  the  snow  naturally  drifts,  and  which  occa- 
sionally form  the  channels  of  avalanches.  In  consequence 
of  the  fall  of  one  of  these,  old  snow  may  sometimes  be 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  59 

found,  even  at  the  end  of  summer,  at  a  very  low  leveP. 
This  circumstance  gives  us  some  reason  to  suspect  that  it 
was  by  a  gully  that  Hannibal  attempted  to  make  his 
circuit ;  a  suspicion  strengthened  by  the  fact  that  such  a 
course  would  be  the  most  natural  one  to  adopt.  When- 
ever a  man,  descending  a  mountain  where  there  is  no 
track,  finds  his  progress  arrested  by  arriving  at  the  edge 
of  a  range  of  precipices,  he  naturally  keeps  along  their 
summit,  till  he  finds  a  gully  breaking  through  them  from 
above,  and  ajEfording  him  a  tolerably  safe  passage  down  to 
their  feet.  A  course  of  this  nature  would  not  improbably 
be  that  adopted  by  Hannibal :  although  it  must,  in  his 
case,  have  been  of  an  easier  kind  than  is  usual,  as  he  would 
never  have  attempted  to  bring  his  whole  army,  men, 
animals,  and  baggage,  down  by  such  a  line  as  might  be 
taken  by  an  unencumbered  traveller. 

When  Hannibal's  attempt  to  make  a  circuit  was  frus- 
trated, and  he  found  himself  obliged  to  halt,  and  repair 
the  broken  path,  he  is  said  to  have  encamped,  Trepl  rrju 
pa-)(iv,  having  cleared  away  the  snow  upon  it.  This  im- 
plies that  he  not  only  encamped  near  it,  but  also  upon  it ; 
and  the  word  irepi.  has  therefore  been  translated  '  about.' 
Hannibal  encamped  on  and  around  this  pa')^L<s.  Now  pdyi'} 
signifies  the  back  or  crest  of  a  ridge,  '  dorsum  montis.' 
Yet  Polybius  has  previously  mentioned  no  yoa;(ts  Avhatever. 
"VVe  first  read  of  it,  in  connexion  with  the  encampment,  as 
Trjv  pa^w ;  neither  has  anything  gone  before,  that  neces- 
sarily implies  such  a  feature  in  the  country ;  for  the  preci- 
pice, along  which  the  path  lay,  could  not  well  be  described 
by  the  word  'payi<i,  nor  was  it  possible  to  encamp  upon  it. 
This  ridge-back  had  possibly,  owing  to  Polybius'  being 
personally  acquainted  with  the  country,  been  present  in 
his  mind  from  the  time  he  first  brought  Hannibal  down  to 
the  broken  path ;  and  this  may  have  led  him  inadvertently 


^  Tho  lowest  situation  in  which  I  ever  obscrvocl  old  snow,  was  when 
crossing,  in  the  niiddlo  of  August,  IS.'O,  a  gully  in  tho  gorge  of  tiie  Inn, 
between  Martinsbruck  in  tho  I'^ngadine,  ami  Finsterniiinz  in  the  Tyrol. 
It  lay  at  an  elevation  of  less  than  3500  foot  above  tho  Boa,  and  about  5000 
below  the  lino  of  perpetual  snow. 


60  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

to  make  use  of  the  article  in  connexion  with  the  pa')(i^, 
•when  the  subsequent  course  of  his  narrative  required  its 
mention.  However  this  may  be,  the  account  naturally 
leads  us  to  look,  immediately  above  the  broken  path,  for  an 
encampment  for  the  Carthaginians,  partly  extending  over 
a  ridge-back. 

As  soon  as  the  path  was  in  a  sufficiently  advanced  stage 
of  completion  to  allow  the  horses  and  baggage-animals  to 
pass,  they  were  immediately  brought  down,  accompanied, 
no  doubt,  by  a  large  portion  of  the  army.  Another  en- 
campment was  then  made  below  the  place  where  the  path 
had  been  destroyed,  and  the  animals  were  let  loose  to  find 
pasturage,  this  lower  district  being  quite  free  from  snow. 
This  account  suggests  to  us  the  presence  here  of  a  large 
tract  of  open  pasturage.  How  far  it  lay  from  the  broken 
path  is  not  stated,  but  it  probably  was  at  no  great  distance 
from  it.  This  open  tract  of  country  is  the  last  charac- 
teristic of  the  neighbourhood  of  the  place  where  the  path 
was  broken  up,  which  may  be  conjectured,  from  the  narra- 
tive of  Polybius,  to  have  existed.  What  is  intimated,  in 
addition,  by  the  account  of  the  attempt  at  a  circuit  and  its 
frustration,  and  of  the  encampment  about  the  /oa;>^£9,  has 
been  already  considered  above. 

Only  one  condition  now  remains  to  be  deduced.  It  is 
supplied  by  the  fact,  that  the  part  of  the  plains  into  which 
Hannibal  entered,  after  his  passage  of  the  Alps  had  been 
effected,  was  occupied  by  the  Taurini.  There  is,  however, 
one  sentence  in  Polybius,  which  seems,  at  first  sight,  to 
imply  something  different.  In  Chap.  bQ  it  is  stated,  that, 
after  Hannibal  had  passed  the  Alps,  '  he  descended  boldly 
into  the  plains  of  the  Po,  and  the  territory  of  the  Insu- 
brians.'  From  this  it  might  be  imagined  that  he  emerged 
at  once  from  the  Alps  into  the  country  of  the  Insubrians, 
the  modern  Milanese.  This  supposition  would  make  him 
pass  the  Alps  as  far  eastward  as  the  St  Gothard,  or  at  least 
as  the  Simplon,  both  which  suj^positions  arc  utterly  im- 
probable'.    But   there  is    little  doubt,  that    the  passage 


1  According  to  Ptolemy,  Novara  was  a  town  of  the  Insubrians.    Tlio 
river  Scsla  may  thus  have  boon  their  western  boundary.     To  the  west  of 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  61 

above  cited,  concerning  the  Insubrians,  is  one  of  Polybius' 
succinct  accounts,  or  summaries  before  mentioned,  and 
that  it  merely  states  the  direction  and  end  of  a  march,  the 
details  of  which  are  afterwards  to  be  given  ^  The  nature 
of  Hannibal's  dealings  with  the  Taurini,  which  Polybius 
afterwards  relates,  perfectly  explains  what  is  meant  by  the 
word  'boldly,'  as  applied  to  his  march  into  the  country  of  the 
Insubrians.  Though  no  doubt  still  anxious  not  to  provoke 
hostilities,  he  yet  did  not  avoid  them  so  sedulously  as  he 
had  done  during  the  passage  of  the  Alps,  where  he  only 
seems  to  have  fought  when  driven  to  extremity.  From  the 
foot  of  the  Alps  a  new  and  bolder  system  of  action  was  at 
once  adopted. 

It  is  not,  however,  necessary  to  take  for  granted  that 
the  passage  relating  to  the  Insubrians  is  a  mere  summary. 
It  will  appear  without  difficulty,  from  other  considerations, 
that  the  country  of  the  Taurini  was  the  first  part  of  the 
plains  which  Hannibal  entered  after  he  had  crossed  the 
Alps.  For,  from  the  passage  where  the  name  of  the 
Insubrians  occurs,  we  may  conclude,  that,  wherever  it  was 
that  Hannibal  emerged  from  the  Alps,  he  descended  from 
that  point  into  the  plains,  KaTtjfje  roXju^p^^  eis  ra  irepi  tov 
UciSov  TTc^ia.  That  he  should  ever  afterwards  be  close  to 
the  Alps  is  not  likely.  Yet,  in  the  commencement  of  the 
GOth  chapter,  (the  first  part  of  the  history  relating  to  Han- 
nibal after  the  digression  beginning  in  the  middle  of  the 
5Gth  chapter)  he  is  spoken  of  as  being  encamped  vtt'  avT}]u 
Tt]v  Trapcopeiav  tvov  ''tWirewv,  under  the  very  slope  of  the  Alps^ 
at  the  very  roots  of  the  mountains  when  they  first  sprino* 
from  the  plains.  From  this  mention  of  the  Alps  we  are 
led  to  conclude,  that  the  encampment  here  spoken  of  was 
made  before  he  descended  into  the  ^?/ai?j5 ;  that  it  should, 
in  fact,  have  been  made  when  he  first  came  out  from  the 
Alps,  and  previously  to  his  entry  into  the  Insubrian  country. 
This  Ijccomcs  certain  from  a  further  examination  of  the 

tlio  Scsia  lay  the  Libui  or  Libicii,  who  are  distinguislicd  by  Polybius  (Lib. 
II.  c.  17),  from  the  Insubrians. 

1  In  order  tbat  tbo  detailed  narrative  of  a  niardi  may  bo  clear,  it  is 
plainly  necessary  that  its  direction  and  object  should  bo  previously  men- 
tioned. 


62  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

60th  chapter ;  for  there  the  encampment  just  mentioned  is 
said  to  have  been  made,  fxerd  ti^u  e't.a^o\t]v,  '  after  the 
entry '  (the  entry  into  Italy,  that  is  to  say,  as  appears  from 
the  eis  'VToXiav  just  preceding).  Yet  this  cannot  refer  to 
some  indefinite  date  after  the  entry  into  Italy,  but  must 
mean  the  actual  time  when  he  first  entered  the  country, 
the  period  when  he  reached  the  commencement  of  the 
plains.  The  account  of  the  losses  Avhich  the  army  had 
suffered,  and  the  hardships  that  they  had  endured  during 
the  passage  of  the  Alps, — this  account,  immediately  fol- 
lowing and  connected  with  the  statement  of  the  encamp- 
ment, also  tends  to  fix  the  place  of  that  encampment  at  the 
point  of  emergence  from  the  Alps.  Besides,  as  the  army 
remained  encamped  for  some  time  for  the  express  purpose 
of  recovering  the  strength  it  had  lost  in  consequence  of  the 
hardships  it  had  endured  in  the  Alps,  it  seems  to  follow 
that  this  encampment  should  have  been  made  as  soon  as 
they  came  out  from  the  mountains. 

Mera  ^e  Tovra,  '  after  these  things,'  as  soon,  that  is  to 
say,  as  the  strength  of  the  army  was  restored,  and  they 
were  about  to  leave  their  encampment,  and  advance,  their 
transactions  with  the  Taurini  commence.  Now  the  Tau- 
rini  are  introduced  as  dwelling  near  the  slope  of  the 
mountains,  or  at  their  foot,  dl  rvy^^avovaL  ttjOos  ty]  Trapwpeia 
KaToiKovi>T6<i.  What  then  was  this  particular  Trapwpeia  ?  It 
was  clearly  the  Trapwpeia  which  is  mentioned  at  the  begin- 
ning of  the  chapter,  and  beneath  which  Hannibal  encamped 
when  he  first  issued  from  the  mountains.  That  the  ex- 
pression, dl  Tvyxo-vovai,  k.t.X.  should  merely  mean  that 
they  dwelt  somewhere  at  the  foot  of  the  Alps,  is  out  of 
the  question.  Besides  incurring  the  objection  of  irrele- 
vancy, such  an  interpretation  would  not  even  define  the 
position  of  the  Taurini ;  since  they  might,  as  far  as  that 
description  of  their  country  is  concerned,  have  lived  any- 
where along  the  base  of  the  Alps,  from  the  southern  fron- 
tier of  Piedmont  to  the  eastern  extremity  of  Friuli.  The 
phrase  also,  '  they  happened  to  dwell  at  the  foot  of  the 
mountains,'  is  clearly  employed  for  the  purpose  of  ex- 
plaining how  they  lay  upon  the  line  of  Hannibars  intended 
march,  which  was  directed,  as  Polybius  had  before  inti- 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  63 

mated,  towards  the  country  of  the  Insubrians.  They  hap- 
pened to  lie  in  his  way  :  he  could  not  avoid  passing  through 
their  country,  and  having  some  transactions  with  them. 

The  irapcopeia,  therefore,  by  which  the  position  of  the 
Taurini  is  defined,  being  necessarily  identical  with  the 
Trapwpeia  beneath  which  Hannibal  encamped ;  and  this 
latter  Trapcopeia  being  situated  at  the  point  where  Hannibal 
first  emerged  from  the  mountains ;  it  may  be  concluded, 
that  the  Taurini  occupied  the  plains  into  which  Hannibal 
first  entered  after  his  passage  of  the  Alps.  This  conclusion 
is  also,  as  has  been  seen,  strengthened  by  the  fact  of 
Polybius'  employing  the  word  Tvy)(avov(ji,  as  if  expressly 
to  intimate  that  the  Taurini  lay  in  the  way  of  Hannibal  as 
he  marched  towards  the  country  of  the  Insubrians  ^ 

Indeed,  had  Hannibal  first  descended  into  the  Insu- 
brian  territory,  the  attack  on  the  Taurini  would  be  very 
difficult  to  explain.  That  the  Taurini  were  at  war  with  the 
Insubrians,  the  allies  of  Hannibal,  is  no  sufficient  reason. 
This  circumstance  is  mentioned  by  Polybius  to  account 
for  the  Taurini  refusing  the  overtures  of  Hannibal,  but 
would  not  be  a  sufficient  cause  to  induce  the  Carthaginian 
general,  when  he  had  once  arrived  in  the  INIilanese,  and 
was  about  to  march  upon  Southern  Italy,  to  go  so  far  out 
of  his  way  as  Turin,  for  the  purpose  of  attacking,  with  an 
army  ill  adapted  to  bear  further  diminutions,  a  people  Avith 
whom  there  was  no  necessity  for  hostilities.  It  is,  how- 
ever, unnecessary  to  dwell  upon  the  imrcasonableness  of 
such  a  supposition.  That  Hannibal  descended  at  once  from 
the  Alps  into  the  country  of  the  Taurini  is  sufficiently  plain, 
without  the  aid  of  any  such  considerations :  and  the  impro- 
bability of  a  contrary  supposition  need  not  be  canvassed 
at  any  length. 

The  folIoAving,  then,  is  the  last  condition  for  the  deter- 
mination of  Hannibal's  route  over  the  Alps-: 

'  The  plains  into  which  the  road  over  the  pass  enters, 
when  it  emerges  from  the  mountains  on  the  side  of  Italy, 
must  anciently  have  been  inhabited  by  the  Taurini.' 


'  A  country  wliicli   wc  know  he  rciiclicd  a/Wr  leaving   Turin,   and 
probably  never  roathod  but  once. 
2  Condition  X. 


64  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

The  examination  of  Polybius'  narrative  of  Hannibal's 
march,  from  the  confluence  of  the  Rhone  and  Iscre  to  the 
commencement  of  the  plains  of  Italy,  being  now  concluded, 
all  that  remains  to  be  done  is,  to  present  in  one  view  the 
principal  points  which  have  been  elicited  from  it :  to  give, 
in  the  first  place,  the  journal  of  the  march ;  and  then  to 
collect  together  the  various  conditions  which  have  been 
deduced,  for  the  purpose  of  assisting  in  the  identification 
of  the  pass,  by  which  Hannibal  crossed  the  Alps. 

Starting,  then,  from  the  confluence  of  the  Rhone  and 
the  Isere  (on  the  left  bank  of  the  latter  river)  the  journal 
of  the  march  will  be  as  follows : 

I.  The  ten  da^'s'  march  to  the  town  of  the  Allobroges, 
including  the  halt  in  that  place. 

1 — 7.  Hannibal  marches  up  the  left  bank  of  the  Isere  to  the 
neighbourhood  of  the  defile  leading  to  the  town  :  he  finds 
that  the  heights  commanding  the  defile  are  held  by  the 
Allobroges,  and  sends  forward  a  party  of  Gauls  to  learn 
the  plans  of  the  enemy. 

8.  The  Gauls  having  returned  with  the  requisite  intelligence, 

Hannibal  advances  to  the  entrance  of  the  defile  and  there 
encamps  :  he  seizes  in  the  night  the  abandoned  posts 
of  the  Allobroges. 

9.  The  defile  is  passed  with  much  loss,  and  the  town  captured. 
10.  The  army  remains  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  town. 

II.  The  fifteen  days'  march  across  the  Alps,  from  the 
town  of  the  Allobroges  to  the  commencement  of  the  plains 
of  Italy. 

1.  Hannibal  begins  his  march  from  the  town  :  he  meets,  either 
on  this  evening,  or  on  the  following  morning,  a  deputation 
of  the  Alpine  Gauls :  he  makes  a  treaty  with  them,  and 
subsequently  employs  them  as  guides. 
2,  3.  Hannibal  i^roceeds  on  his  march  under  the  guidance  of  the 
Alpine  Gauls. 
4.  The  Carthaginians  are  attacked  by  the  Alpine  Gauls,  in 
front  and  rear,  while  passing  through  a  defile  :  the  attack 
on  the  rear  is  repulsed,  but  great  loss  is  suffered  in  the  van. 
Hannibal  eventually  gains  possession  of  a  commanding 
position  on  the  heights,  near  a  certain  'strong  white 
rock.'  He  remains  during  the  whole  night  upon  these 
heights  with  half  his  army,  apart  from  his  cavalry  and 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS.  65 

baggage-animals,  whose  passage  through  the  defile  he  thus 
protects. 
5.  Hannibal  rejoins  his   cavalry  and  baggage,  and   continues 
his  march  towards  the  summit  of  the  Alps, 
6—8.   The  army  proceeds  on  its  march.      It  is  harassed  at  in- 
tervals, during  the  march  from  the  Rock,  by  predatory 
attacks  on  the  part  of  the  barbarians. 
9.  On  this  morning  the  summit  of  the  pass  is  gained,  and  the 
army  encamps  for  the  sake  of  rest,  and  in  order  to  allow 
stragglers  to  rejoin  it. 

10.  The  army  remains  encamped  on  the  summit  of  the  pass : 

the  troops  become  greatly  discouraged.  In  order  to  remove 
their  despondency,  Hannibal  brings  them  to  a  point  within 
sight  of  the  plains  of  the  Po,  and  indicates  to  them  the 
quarter  in  which  Rome  itself  lies. 

11.  The  army  begins  to  descend.     The  descent  is  precipitous, 

and  the  path  is  concealed  by  the  snow.  Multitudes,  both 
of  men  and  animals,  miss  their  footing,  and  are  lost  down 
the  precipices.  A  place  is  ultimately  reached,  where  the 
path  is  destroyed,  and  the  march  arrested.  Hannibal 
attempts  to  continue  his  progress  by  making  a  circuit. 
The  attempt  is  frustrated  in  consequence  of  the  snow. 
Hannibal  encamps  about  a  ridge-back  above  the  broken 
path,  which  he  begins  to  repair. 

12.  The    construction    of  the    new   path   continues.      On   this 

morning,  or  on  the  previous  evening,  it  is  made  practicable 
for  horses  and  baggage-animals :  they  are  brought  down 
and  left  to  seek  forage  in  the  pasture-grounds  which  lie 
below  the  broken  path  and  are  free  from  snow. 

13.  The  path    is    made   practicable  for   the  elephants.     They 

are  brought  down,  and  the  whole  army  is  again  collected 
together. 

14.  The  army  marches  towards   the  plains   of  Italy,  exposed 

only  to  slight  and  furtive  attacks. 

15.  The  army  continues  its  march,  arrives  at  the  commence- 

ment of  the  plains  of  Italy,  and  encamps  at  the  roots  of 
the  Alps. 


The  conditions  for  the   identification  of  the   pass  are 
these  : 

I.  'J'hc  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  Alps  must  be 
situated  at  a  distance  of  about  100  Roman  miles  from 
the  junction  of  the  Rlione  and  the  Is^rc,  reckoned  along 
the  left  bank  of  the  latter  river. 

H.  The   length  of  the  route  over  the  Alps,  beginning  at   the 

5 


66  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  mountains,  and  ter- 
minating at  the  commencement  of  the  plains  of  Italy, 
must  be  about  150  Roman  miles. 

III.  At  the  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  Alps,  a  defile 

must  be  found,  the  character  of  which,  and  of  the  surround- 
ing country,  is  in  accordance  with  the  events  related  by 
Polybius  to  have  occurred  in  that  place. 

(Minor  conditions  included  in  the  above.) 

(1)  The  defile  must  be  commanded  by  certain  heights  of  con- 

siderable elevation. 

(2)  These  heights  must  not  be  easily  accessible  from  below 

the  defile. 

(3)  The  way  through  the  defile  must  skirt  in  some  place  the 

edge  of  a  precipice. 

(4)  Immediately  below  the  defile   must   be  found    a  place 

where  an  army  as  numerous  as  that  of  Hannibal  could 
encamp. 

(5)  This  place  of  encampment  should  be   visible  from   the 

heights  commanding  the  defile. 

(6)  Above  the  defile,  and  near  it,  must  be  found  an  open  dis- 

trict, where  a  town  either  stands  or  might  have  stood, 
and  where  an  army  such  as  Hannibal's  could  have 
encamped. 

IV.  At  a  place  nearly  half-way,  in  point  of  time,  between  the 

town  of  the  Allobroges  and  the  summit  of  the  pass,  a 
certain  '  strong  white  rock'  must  be  found ;  and  the 
adjacent  country  must  be  in  accordance  with  the  events, 
which  are  recorded  by  Polybius  to  have  taken  place  in 
the  neighbourhood  of  this  rock. 

(Features  of  the  country  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the 
Rock.) 

(1)  A  difficult  and  precipitous  ravine,  through  which  the  road 

must  pass. 

(2)  A  range  of  acclivities   overlooking  the  road,  and  liable 

to  be  swept,  in  one  or  more  places,  by  rocks  set  in 
motion  from  above. 

(3)  A  large  extent  of  practicable  ground  above  these  acclivi- 

ties. 

(4)  A  position  on  this  gi'ound,  at  some  distance  from  the  road, 

where  20,000  men  could  be  stationed,  so  as  to  protect 
completely  the  flank  of  an  army  marching  along  the 
road  beneath,  and  such  as  would  not  expose  themselves 
to  be  attacked  at  any  serious  disadvantage,  by  an 
enemy  lying  beyond  them  relatively  to  the  road. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS,  67 

V.  A  place  suitable  for  the  encampment  of  Hannibal's  army 

must  be  found  at  the  summit  of  the  pass. 

VI.  From  a  point,  probably  not  far  from  the  road  over  the  sum- 

mit of  the  pass,  but  yet  not  upon  the  ground  where  the 
Carthaginians  would  encamp  when  they  first  reached  the 
summit,  the  plains  of  the  Po,  and,  in  all  probability,  the 
Apennines  also,  ought  to  be  visible. 

VII.  The  commencement  of  the  plains   of  Italy  must  be  less 

than  three  days'  march  from  the  summit  of  the  pass. 

VIII.  The  first  part  of  the  descent  from  the  summit  of  the  pass 

on  the  Italian  side  must  be  of  a  precipitous  character. 

IX.  At  a  place,  within  half  a  day's  march  from  the  summit  of 

the  pass,  on  the  Italian  side,  the  path  must  He  along  a 
precipitous  mountain-side,  liable  to  be  broken  up  for  a 
length  of  nearly  300  yards  (Enghsh),  and  the  country 
in  the  vicinity  should  be  of  a  nature  adapted  to  Polybius* 
account  of  the  events  which  took  place  in  the  neighbour- 
hood of  the  broken  path. 

X.  The  plains,  into  which  the  road  over  the  pass  enters,  when  it 

emerges  from  the  mountains  on  the  side  of  Italy,  must 
anciently  have  been  inhabited  by  the  Taurini. 


CHAPTER  VI. 

Improbability  of  Hannibal's  having  crossed  the  Alps  by  the  Great  or 
Little  St  Bernard,  or  by  the  Mont  Genevre. — Probability  of  his 
having  crossed  the  Mont  Cenis. — Determination  of  the  point  where 
Hannibal  would  have  left  the  Isere. — The  oldest  line  of  road  known 
over  the  Mont  Cenis  traced  and  described. — The  Little  Mont  Cenis 
selected  as  the  pass  which  Hannibal  crossed,  in  preference  to  the 
Great  Mont  Cenis. 


SEVERAL  passes  have  been  suggested  as  having  each 
their  claims  to  be  considered  as  the  pass  which 
Hannibal  crossed  ^  Four  only,  however,  seem  to  have, 
even  at  first  sight,  any  considerable  probability  in  their 
favour :  the  Great  and  the  Little  St  Bernard,  the  Mont 
Cenis,  and  the  Mont  Genevre.  The  Great  St  Bernard 
might  perhaps  also  be  left  out  of  consideration  :  but  as  the 
.examination  which  leads  to  the  rejection  of  three  out  of 
ihe  four  passes  named  Avill  not  be  long,  it  has  been  thought 
better  to  include  it  among  the  number. 

In  the  endeavour  to  identify  the  pass  which  Hannibal 
crossed,  the  first  question  to  be  asked  is:  What  are  its 
distinguishing  characteristics  ?  Are  there  any  circum- 
stances connected  with  it  of  an  extraordinary  nature,  such 
as  are  rarely  to  be  found  on  any  of  the  passes  of  the  Alps; 
and  such  as,  if  not  found  on  any  particular  pass,  raise 
great  difficulties,  if  not  impossibilities,  against  the  adoption 
of  that  pass  ?  Now,  there  are  two  circumstances  of  this 
kind,  which  have  been  deduced  from  Polybius'  narrative, 
and  are  embodied  in  Conditions  VI.  and  VII.  That  Italy 
should  have  been  visible  from  the  summit  of  the  pass,  and 
that  the  commencement  of  the  plains  of  the  Po  should  lie 

1  The  names  of  these  passes,  and  of  the  advocates  for  each,  may  be 
found  in  the  Appendix  on  Hannibal's  passage  in  Ukert's  Oeographie  der 
Oriechen  und  Homer. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  69 

Avithin  less  than  three  days'  march  from  the  summit, — these 
are  the  prominent  and  distinguishing  characteristics  of  the 
pass  which  Hannibal  crossed. 

But,  of  the  four  passes  named,  it  is  only  from  one,  the 
Mont  Cenis,  that  Italy  can  be  discerned.  With  respect  to 
the  other  three,  neither  from  the  roads  themselves,  nor 
from  any  neighbouring  eminence,  would  it  be  possible  to 
see  any  part  of  Italy,  as  distinguished  from  the  Alpine 
country.  Nothing  but  ranges  of  mountains,  and  perhaps 
some  valley  locked  in  on  all  sides  by  them,  would  meet  the 
eye.  From  the  Mont  Cenis  alone  could  Hannibal  have 
pointed  out  to  his  soldiers  the  plains  of  the  Po^ 

The  great  proximity  also  to  the  plains  of  Italy  of  the 
summit  of  the  pass  which  Hannibal  crossed,  its  second 
distinguishing  characteristic,  is  only  to  be  remarked  on 
the  pass  of  the  Mont  Cenis.  The  distance  between  the 
summit  of  the  pass  which  Hannibal  crossed  and  the  com- 
mencement of  the  plains  was  less  than  three  days'  march. 
Now  from  the  point  where  Hannibal  left  the  banks  of  the 
river  (the  Isere)  to  the  commencement  of  the  plains,  the 
distance  is  given  as  150  Homan  miles.  From  the  town  of 
the  Allobroges,  therefore,  from  wliich  the  fifteen  days'* 
march  across  the  Alps  is  reckoned,  the  distance  to  the 
commencement  of  the  plains  would  be  rather  less  ;  perhaps 
140  Roman  miles  or  a  little  more.  Of  the  fifteen  days 
which  Hannibal  employed  in  the  passage  of  the  Alps,  only 
eleven  were  occupied  in  marching :  nearly  two  were  spent 
on  the  summit  of  the  pass,  and  fully  two  lost,  during  the 
descent,  at  the  broken  path.  Consequently,  as  Hannibal 
marched  140  Eoman  miles,  or  perhaps  a  little  more,  in 
eleven  days,  his  rate  of  marching  in  the  Alps  would  be 
about  thirteen  lloman  miles  a  day.  On  his  descent  he 
might  march  rather  more  rapidly  than  on  his  ascent :  but 
the  difference  would  not  be  considerable,  for  the  vigour  of 
the  army  was  then  much  diminished.      Three  dayt)'  march, 


J  Dor  Conis  ist  audi  dcr  cinzigo  Bcre:,  iil>cr  woIoIumi  cine  f^rosso 
Strasso  fiihrt,  von  doin  man  an  nieliron  Stellon  die  ICbcno  Olieiitalion's 
Bclion  kann,  was  wcdor  voni  grosscn  und  klcincn  Bornliard,  nocli  voni 
Simi>lon  niiiglich  ist. — Ukcrt,  Gco<jnij>hk,  n.  2,  p.  (JOO.  (Tlic  Gcncvro 
should  also  have  boon  mentioned  by  Ukcrt  among  tbcso  latter  passes.) 


70  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

at  the  rate  of  thirteen  Roman  miles  a  day,  will  be  sufficient 
to  allow  for  the  distance  between  the  summit  of  the  pass 
and  the  commencement  of  the  plains,  especially  as  not 
quite  three  days  were  spent  on  the  actual  march.  It  may 
therefore  be  inferred,  that  the  distance  between  the 
summit  of  the  pass  and  the  commencement  of  the  plains 
of  Italy  did  not  exceed  forty  Roman  miles. 

The  roads  from  the  Great  and  the  Little  St  Bernard 
into  Italy  unite  at  Aosta,  and  emerge  into  the  plains  of 
Italy  near  Ivrea,  which  may  for  these  two  passes  be  fixed 
upon  as  the  commencement  of  the  plains  ^  The  roads 
over  the  Mont  Cenis  and  the  Mont  Genevre  unite  in  like 
manner  at  Susa,  and  enter  the  plains  nearly  at  Avigliana^; 
although  Rivoli  is  sometimes  fixed  upon  as  the  place  where 
the  plains  may  rather  be  said  to  begin.  Yet  the  irregu- 
larities in  the  ground  below  Avigliana  cannot  be  considered 
as  parts  of  the  mountains :  the  conspicuous  Monte  Piri- 
chiano,  crowned  by  the  monastery  of  San  Michele,  and  at 
the  foot  of  which  Avigliana  lies,  stands  out  plainly  when 
seen  from  any  point  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Turin,  as  the 
last  of  the  Alps.  There  is,  besides,  ample  room  about 
Avigliana  for  an  encampment;  and  if  Hannibal  had  ad- 
vanced further  with  his  enfeebled  army,  he  would  have 
lost  the  protection  of  the  mountains  behind  him,  and  ex- 
posed himself  to  attack  from  the  Taurini  before  he  was 
well  prepared  for  hostilities. 

Ivrea,  anciently  Eporedia,  was  a  Roman  station,  and 
lay,  according  to  the  Itineraries,  at  a  distance  of  46  miles 
from  Aosta.  From  Aosta  to  the  summit  of  the  Great  St 
Bernard  (Summus  Penninus)  was  a  distance  of  another 
15  miles ^:  so  that  the  whole  distance  from  Ivrea  to  the 
summit  of  the  Great  St  Bernard  Avas  61  Roman  miles. 


1  See  Penny  Cyc.  Art.  *  Ivrea.'  Blaev,  Theatrum  Statuum  Regice  Cel~ 
situdinis  SabaucUce  Duels,  Art.  'Eporedia.' 

2  See  Murray's  Iland-Book  for  Northern  Italy,  '  Avigliana.' 

3  According  to  the  Roman  Itineraries,  25.  The  Government  Itinerary 
of  the  Sardinian  States  (1839)  gives,  however,  10  Piedmonteso  or  16^ 
Roman  miles,  as  tho  distance  from  Aosta  to  the  Hospice  of  the  Great  St 
Bernard,  so  that  the  xxv  miles  of  the  Roman  Itinerary  is  probably  a  mis- 
take for  XV. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  71 

From  Aosta  to  Arebrigium  (generally  identified  with 
Pre  St  Didier,  but  perhaps  rather  Arpi  on  the  road  from 
Morgex  leading  to  La  Thuile  and  the  Little  St  Bernard 
by  the  *  Camp  of  Prince  Thomas'),  the  Itineraries  give 
25  miles.  Prom  Arebrigium  to  Artolica  (La  Thuile)  is  a 
distance  of  another  6  miles:  and  from  La  Thuile  to  the 
summit  of  the  Little  St  Bernard  (Alpis  Graia)  there  are 
about  5  miles  more.  Prom  Ivrea  to  the  summit  of  the 
Little  St  Bernard  is  consequently,  according  to  the  Itine- 
raries, a  distance  of  82  Eoman  miles. 

Avigliana  is  the  '  Ad  Pines '  of  the  Itineraries,  and  lay 
at  a  distance  of  24  Roman  miles  below  Susa.  Prom  Susa, 
taking  the  old  road  over  the  Mont  Cenis,  the  distance  to 
La  Novalese  is  about  5  English  miles  :  from  La  Novalese 
to  La  Grande  Croix,  at  the  southern  extremity  of  the 
plateau  of  the  Mont  Cenis,  the  distance  is  about  6  English 
miles.  To  the  centre  of  the  lake  of  the  Mont  Cenis  (which 
lies  nearly  in  the  middle  of  the  plateau  of  the  Great  Mont 
Cenis,  and  from  which  the  plateau  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis 
branches  off  at  right  angles  to  the  other  plateau^)  the 
distance  will  be  nearly  3  English  miles  more :  so  that,  from 
Susa  to  the  central  point  of  the  plateaux  of  the  Mont 
Cenis,  the  distance  is  nearly  14  English,  or  about  15 
Roman  miles.  Prom  Avigliana,  then,  to  the  central  point 
of  the  summit  of  the  Mont  Cenis,  the  distance  is  39 
Roman  miles. 

Prom  Susa  to  Ad  Martis,  the  modern  Oulx,  the  Itine- 
raries give  IG  Roman  miles,  and  9  more  to  Gesdao  or 
Cesannc.  Prom  Ccsanne  to  the  central  point  of  the  plain 
of  the  Mont  Gcncvrc  the  distance  may  be  taken  at  4 
Roman  miles.  Prom  Avigliana  to  the  summit  of  the  Mont 
Gencvre  the  distance  is  thus  53  Roman  miles. 

In  all  these  cases  it  appears,  by  comparison  with  the 


^  There  are  two  ways  of  ascending  the  Mont  Cenis  from  the  side  of 
Savoy:  (1)  by  the  road  over  tho  great  Mont  Conis,  the  present  hic;h 
road,  which  leaves  tlie  valley  of  the  Arc  at  Lanslobourg ;  and  (2)  by  the 
road  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis,  a  mule-path,  which  turns  ofl'  from  tho  valley 
of  the  Arc  at  ]>ranians.  Both  these  passes  are  of  nearly  equal  height.  Tho 
two  roads  unite  on  the  sunnnit  of  the  mountain,  and  tho  descent  into  Italy 
is  tho  same  for  both. 


72  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

present  distances,  that  there  is  no  material  error  in  the 
Itineraries,  excepting  in  the  instance  already  noticed. 

From  the  snmniits  of  the  respective  passes  to  the  com- 
mencement of  the  plains  the  distances  therefore  are  : 

For  the  Great  St  Bernard 61  Roman  miles. 

For  the  Little  St  Bernard 82        „  „ 

For  the  Mont  Cenis 39        „         „ 

For  the  Mont  Genevre 53        „         „ 

And  the  actual  distance  on  the  pass  which)  ,  ^ 

Hannibal  crossed  probably  did  not  exceed  J  "  " 

The  Mont  Cenis  seems  here  to  be  plainly  indicated  as 
the  pass  which  Hannibal  crossed.  With  respect  to  either 
of  the  St  Bernards,  the  discrepancy  in  point  of  distance 
raises  not  merely  a  difficulty,  but  it  may  be  said  an  im- 
possibility to  overcome.  The  fact  also,  already  noticed, 
of  the  invisibility  of  the  plains  from  their  summits,  opposes 
another  obstacle,  equally  strong,  to  the  adoption  of  either 
of  these  passes. 

A  third  objection  arises  from  the  circumstance,  that  it 
was  not  the  Taurini,  but  the  Libui,  who  would  have  in- 
habited the  plains  into  which  Hannibal  entered  on  his 
emergence  from  the  Alps,  had  he  crossed  either  the  Great 
or  the  Little  St  Bernard.  Yet  the  Libui,  although  a  tribe 
known  to  Polybius,  are  never  mentioned  by  him  in  his 
account  of  Hannibal's  passage  of  the  Alps,  the  narrative 
necessarily  implying  that  the  Carthaginians  found  the  Tau- 
rini in  their  way  as  soon  as  they  issued  out  from  among 
the  mountains,  and  began  their  march  to  the  Insubrian 
territory. 

These  three  objections  seem  fatal  to  the  Great  and  the 
Little  St  Bernard.  The  argument  from  discrepancy  of 
distance  presses  also  strongly,  though  perhaps  not  conclu- 
sively, against  the  Mont  Genevre,  from  which  the  plains 
of  Italy  are,  besides,  invisible.  The  route  of  the  Mont 
Genevre  is,  in  addition,  at  variance  with  Condition  I ;  for 
Hannibal  would,  on  the  supposition  of  his  having  crossed 
the  Genevre,  have  to  leave  the  Isere  near  Grenoble,  and 
penetrate  into  the  mountain-valley  of  the  Drac.  But  the 
distance  between  Grenoble  and  Valence,  wliich  is  of  the 
same   length  as   the   distance  between  Grenoble  and  the 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  73 

confluence  of  the  Isere  and  the  Ehone,  is  only  96  kilo- 
metres, or  about  66  Roman  miles ;  a  distance  too  widely 
removed  from  the  800  stadia  or  100  Roman  miles  of  Poly- 
bius,  to  be  admitted. 

Of  the  four  passes  mentioned,  three  seem  thus  to  be 
excluded  from  consideration  by  strong  improbabilities. 
The  Mont  Cenis  remains  alone  with  likelihood  in  its  favour. 
The  next  thing,  therefore,  to  examine  is,  whether  the 
characteristics  of  this  latter  pass  are  completely  in  accord- 
ance with  the  conditions  derived  from  the  narrative  of 
Polybius.  Should  they  prove  so,  the  adoption  of  the  Mont 
Cenis  as  the  pass  which  Hannibal  crossed,  seems  an  inevi- 
table conclusion ;  for  the  negative  evidence  in  its  favour, 
arising  from  the  great  improbabilities  with  respect  to  the 
other  passes,  is  exceedingly  strong.  We  shall  consequently 
now  proceed  to  apply  systematically  to  the  Mont  Cenis 
all  the  conditions  which  have  been  deduced  from  the  dis- 
cussion of  Polybius'  account  of  Hannibal's  passage  of  the 
Alps. 

For  this  purpose  it  will  first  be  necessary  to  trace  the 
oldest  line  of  road  over  the  Mont  Cenis,  which  rarely  ever, 
when  the  mountains  are  once  entered,  coincides  with  the 
modern  road.  The  marshes  and  defiles,  which  the  modern 
road  has  been  enabled  to  traverse,  by  the  aid  of  dykes  to 
restrain  the  rivers,  or  gunpowder  to  blast  away  the  rocks, 
were,  in  remote  times,  obstacles  not  to  be  directly  over- 
come. They  forced  the  road  away  from  the  river,  which 
.flowed  through  the  valley  leading  to  the  summit  of  the 
pass,  and  compelled  it  to  skirt  or  to  ascend  the  flanks  of 
the  mountains  at  the  side  of  the  valley,  in  search  of  prac- 
ticable ground  on  which  it  might  run. 

From  tlie  confkience  of  the  Rhone  and  the  Isere  as  far 
as  Grenoble,  there  can  be  no  doubt  about  the  direction 
taken  by  a  road  making  for  the  INiont  Cenis  by  the  left 
bank  of  the  Isere.  It  must  always  have  followed  the  river, 
nearly  in  the  line  of  the  modern  road,  leaving  it  probably 
a  little  to  the  left  on  approaching  Sasscnnge  and  (Ire- 
noble,  where  there  is  some  marshy  ground  which  might 
cause  it  to  recede  from  the  Isere.  From  Grenoble  the 
easiest  way  of  proceeding  to  tlie  ^Mont  Cenis  would  still  be 


74  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

to  pursue  the  broad  vale  of  Graisivaudan,  (as  the  French 
part  of  the  Val  Isere  is  called)  and  so  gain  the  entrance  of 
the  valley  of  the  Arc,  the  river  which  waters  the  Mau- 
rienne  and  leads  to  the  Mont  Cenis.  A  much  shorter, 
though,  at  the  same  time,  a  much  more  difficult  way 
would  be,  to  cross  the  mountains,  if  possible,  between 
Grenoble  and  St  Jean  de  Maurienne,  and  thus  avoid  the 
great  circuit  which  the  easier  road  makes.  There  was  a 
Roman  road  which  took  this  shorter  course.  Remains  of 
it  have  been  found  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Col  de  la 
Coche,  upon  the  mountains  between  the  Graisivaudan  and 
the  valley  of  the  OUe.  It  would,  therefore,  in  all  proba- 
bility, strike  off  from  the  road  along  the  left  bank  of  the 
Isere,  about  twelve  miles  above  Grenoble,  and  a  short 
distance  below  Froges, — at  the  point  where  the  stream 
descending  from  the  Col  de  la  Coche  enters  the  Graisi- 
vaudan. 

Having  crossed  the  Col  de  la  Coche,  and  entered  the 
upper  valley  of  the  Olle,  its  subsequent  course,  if  it  was 
intended  to  lead  into  the  Maurienne  (and  this  was  evi- 
dently, by  its  crossing  the  Col  de  la  Coche,  the  ultimate 
design),  would  be  most  likely  by  way  of  the  Col  du  Glandon. 
From  the  summit  of  this  pass  it  would  descend  into  the 
valley  of  the  Arvan,  and  join  the  other  line  of  road,  leading 
to  the  Mont  Cenis,  at  St  Jean  de  Maurienne.  It  is  said, 
and  in  all  probability  with  justice,  as  will  be  seen  ia 
a  subsequent  chapter,  that  this  road  formed  part  of  the 
route  followed  by  Julius  Caesar,  when  he  crossed  the  Alps 
in  haste  to  intercept  the  Helvetii,  who  had  broken  into 
Transalpine  Gaul'. 


^  With  this  pass  from  the  Graisivaudan  to  St  Jean  de  Maurienne 
I  am  personally  unacquainted.  It  is  mentioned  in  the  following  note  from. 
Pilot's  Ilistoire  de  Grenoble,  p.  7.     Grenoble,  1829. 

II  y  avait  une  autre  route  qui  traversait  les  montagnes  de  Theys  pour 
allcr  dans  la  Maurienne.  On  en  trouve  encore  une  partio  considerable  qui 
se  dirige  vers  le  Col  de  la  Coche  ;  elle  est  pavce  en  blocs  bruts  de  granit, 
et  a  pres  de  dix  pieds  de  largeur.  On  raconto  communcment  que  Cesar 
est  entre  dans  les  Gaulcs  par  ce  chemin,  lorsqu'il  partit  d'Aquilee.  Ab 
Ocelo,  quod  est  citerioris  provincice  extremum,  in  fines  Vocontiorum  ulterioris 
provincice  pervenit :  hide  in  AUohrogum  fines. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  75 

This  route  would  not  be  that  followed  by  Hannibal.  It 
leaves  the  banks  of  the  Isere  too  soon  to  be  in  accordance 
with  the  measurements  of  Polybius  ;  and  the  length  of  the 
Alpine  route  would  also  be  too  short.  Besides,  we  have  no 
record  of  any  mountains  having  been  crossed  by  Hannibal, 
with  the  exception  of  the  actual  pass,  *  the  highest  summits 
of  the  Alps.'  An  easier,  but  longer  route,  seems  to  have 
been  the  one  followed  by  the  Carthaginians,  which  must 
also  have  struck  off  from  the  Isere  at  a  greater  distance 
above  Grenoble. 

From  Grenoble  to  the  confluence  of  the  Isere  and  the 
Arc,  the  valley  of  the  Isere  is  bounded  on  the  east  by  a  range 
of  hills,  lying  in  advance  of  the  Alps  behind,  and  cut  through 
by  the  lateral  streams  which  descend  to  the  Isere.  At  first, 
on  leaving  Grenoble,  all  these  hills  are  connected  ^vith  the 
mountains  behind,  but  at  Le  Cheylas,  about  20  miles 
above  Grenoble,  they  become  distinct.  Passing  through 
the  gorge  of  Le  Fay,  which  here  breaks  through  the  chain 
of  hills,  and  affords  a  passage  for  the  diligence-road  to 
Allevard,  a  broad  and  rich  valley  is  reached,  lying  between 
the  hills  and  the  Alps,  and  extending  for  a  length  of  rather 
less  than  20  miles,  from  St  Pierre  d'Allevard  to  the 
marshes  where  the  Arc  joins  the  Isere.  The  upper  or 
French  part  of  this  valley  is  called  the  valley  of  Allevard ; 
the  lower  or  Savoyard  part,  divided  from  the  upper  by  the 
river  Bredaz,  and  a  small  tract  of  hilly  ground  to  the  north 
of  that  torrent,  is  called  the  valley  of  La  Pochette. 
Through  this  valley,  according  to  INF.  Albanis  de  Beaumont, 
a  Roman  road  formerly  ran :  he  also  speaks  of  the  former 
importance  of  La  Pochette,  and  of  the  fertility  of  the  sur- 
rounding country  ^ 


1  A  I'extrcmitc  do  cctto  valluo  est  lo  bourg  do  la  Tlochcttc,  autrefois 
tres  considerable,  ot  ayant  titro  do  villo ;  il  est  im"mo  coiinu,  (lu'ancionnc- 
mont  CO  bourg  so  trouvoit  sur  unc  dcs  voios  roniaincs  qui  oonduisoit  d'Ai- 
gucbcUo  il  Vicnne,  alors  la  capitalo  do  rAilobrogie;  j'ai  aussi  oto  .^  nu'-mo 
do  voir  plusieurs  titrcs  qui  prouvcnt  quo  cctto  villo  (.'toit  dans  lo  douziOmo 
Bieclo  tres  considerable,  puisqu'Aynion,  seigneur  do  Mont  MaTcur,  y  leva  ii 
cctto  i-pocjuc  cinq  cents  lances  ot  deux  cent  clnquanto  cavaliers.  La  situ- 
ation dc  la  lloclietto  est  trCs  agrcablc,  ct  scs  environs,  qui  sont  tres  fcr- 
tilcs,  oflVcnt  uno  (luantite  do  sites  aussi  roinaiitiiiuos  (juo  pittorcsqucs. — 
Lea  Alpes  Grccqus  it  CoUknnes,  Vol.  II.  p.  505.  Paris.  1802. 


76  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

At  Pont  Charra,  four  or  five  miles  above  Le  Cheylas,  the 
line  of  hills  is  again  broken  through,  and  the  Bredaz  issues 
forth.  Through  this  defile  a  road  runs  by  way  of  Mou- 
taret  to  Allevard  ;  but  the  defile  does  not  afford  a  con- 
venient access  to  La  Rochette,  the  road  to  which  place, 
from  Montmelian,  evades  the  defile  by  passing  over  the 
heights  to  the  north.  A  road  to  Grenoble,  from  La 
Rochette,  would  be  more  likely  to  take  the  line  of  Allevard 
and  Le  Cheylas  than  that  of  Pont  Charra. 

There  is  also  a  path  from  Allevard  over  the  mountains 
to  St  Jean  de  Maurienne.  It  crosses  the  Col  du  Merlet, 
and  descends  into  a  valley  which  joins  that  of  the  Arc  at 
Ste  Marie  de  Cuines.  From  this  tributary  valley  of  the 
Maurienne  a  path  over  a  lateral  ridge  leads  to  St  Jean  de 
Maurienne.  This  route  is  probably  of  some  antiquity,  as 
immediately  below  the  crest  of  the  Col  du  Merlet,  on  the 
eastern  side,  a  group  of  chalets  is  marked  on  the  Govern- 
ment map  of  this  country,  as  the  '  Granges  de  la  Vieille 
Route.'  It  is  solely  on  this  account  that  it  is  mentioned 
here ;  for  it  is  not  likely  to  have  been  the  route  followed 
by  Hannibal. 

The  last  line  of  route  on  the  left  bank  of  the  Isere, 
by  which  the  Maurienne  could  be  reached  from  Grenoble, 
is  the  modern  road,  which  follows  the  river  over  the 
frontier  into  Savoy.  At  a  place  called  La  Chavanne,  about 
half  or  three  quarters  of  a  mile  from  Montmelian,  it  falls 
into  the  high  road  from  Chambery  to  Turin  by  the  Mont 
Cenis,  which  leads  by  way  of  Maltaverne  to  the  entrance 
of  the  valley  of  the  Arc. 

Two  lines  of  road  have  therefore  to  be  considered : 

(1)  The  road  which  branches  off*  from  the  Graisi- 
vaudan  at  Le  Cheylas  \  and  leads  by  way  of  Allevard  and 
La  Rochette  to  Aiguebelle. 

(2)  The  road  by  Pont  Charra,  La  Chavanne,  and 
Maltaverne,  to  the  same  place. 

It  is  the  first  of  these  two  roads  which  is  in  accordance 


1  The  oldest  pcath  probably  left  the  Graisivaudan  hero.  The  modern 
diligence-road  to  Allevard  branches  oflF  at  Goncclin,  and  has  been  con- 
structed, partly  by  the  aid  of  gunpowder,  along  tho  Bouthern  side  of  the 
gorge  of  Le  Fay. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  77 

with  the  requisitions  of  Polybius'  narrative.  The  length  of 
both  routes  is  almost  exactly  the  same  ;  but  the  country 
through  which  the  first  route  leads  is  more  productive.  It 
is,  however,  rather  the  more  difficult  of  the  two,  though 
both  are  partially  hilly.  Yet  the  ascent  which  is  requisite 
on  the  first  road  is  not  very  important.  The  elevation 
of  AUevard,  which  lies  on  the  highest  part  of  the  road, 
is  given  as  170  metres,  or  560  English  feet\  above  Gre- 
noble, which  would  make  it  less  than  500  feet  above  Le 
Cheylas,  perhaps  not  more  than  400. 

There  appear,  however,  sufficient  reasons  for  supposing, 
that  in  former  times,  when  the  country  was  in  its  natural 
state,  its  barbarous  inhabitants,  when  they  wished  to  go 
from  Grenoble  to  Aiguebelle,  might  not  only  have  chosen, 
but  may  have  been  absolutely  obliged,  to  take  their  way 
through  Allevard  and  La  llochette.  For  the  road  which 
goes  by  way  of  Maltaverne  twice  crosses  great  tracts  of 
marsh-land,  which  in  ancient  times  must  have  been  im- 
practicable morasses.  The  first  of  these  lies  between  Pont 
Charra  and  Montmelian,  the  second  between  Maltaverne 
and  La  Croix  d' Aiguebelle.  Neither  is  it  possible  to  skirt 
these  marshes  and  so  avoid  them,  for  they  extend,  in  both 
cases,  to  a  considerable  distance  on  the  right  of  the  road, 
along  the  banks  of  two  small  streams,  which  have  to  be 
crossed.  The  first  of  these  streams  descends  from  Malta- 
verne, and  joins  the  Isere  between  Pont  Charra  and  Mont- 
melian ;  tlie  second  is  the  Gellon,  descending  from  the 
valley  of  La  Rochette.  In  fact,  with  the  exception  of  the 
part  where  the  road  keeps  along  the  range  of  hills  ex- 
tending from  JNIaltaverne  to  La  Chavanne  and  also  a  little 
l)cyond  each  place,  nearly  all  the  route  from  Pont  Charra 
to  La  Croix  d' Aiguebelle  is  marshy.  There  are  also  small 
marshes  l)y  Maltaverne,  on  the  heights,  but  they  miglit 
have  been  avoided  without  difficulty. 

The  marshes  between  Montmelian  and  Pont  Clmrra  arc 
thus  mentioned  in  a  short  notice  on  the  territory  of  La 
Rochette  2 : 


1   Til  a  small  book,  called  the  Guide  da  Visitcnr  ait  pm/s  d'Alkv,ird,  par 
V.  A.  lliiroUot  ])i>Iavaqncrio. 

*  Richard,  (luide  en  Savoie  ct  cti  I'u'uiont. 


78  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

'  L'etendue  de  ce  territoire  est  d'environ  20  kilom.  ou 
4  lieues,  sur  3  lieues  de  large.  La  partie  qui  longe  I'lsere 
apres  le  pont  de  Montmelian  est  composee  d'une  terre 
d'alluvion  tres  fertile ;  il  se  deploie  ensuite  sur  les  bords  de 
risere,  en  forme  de  grands  marais,  une  vaste  prairie  qui 
descend  j usque  vers  Pont  Charas.' 

M.  Albanis  de  Beaumont,  in  his  Description  des  Alpes 
Grecques  et  Cottiennes,  also  mentions  these  marshes,  as  they 
extend  by  St  Helene  du  Lac  towards  Coise  and  INIaltaverne. 
Speaking  of  the  road  between  Montmelian  and  Maltaverne 
along  the  crest  of  the  ridge  overlooking  these  marshes,  he 
proceeds : 

'  Du  hameau  de  la  Chavane,  (near  Montmelian)  la 
route,  quoique  legerement  montueuse,  est  tres  agreable, 
etant  ombragee  de  chaque  cote  de  gros  noyers  et  divers 
arbres  fruitiers.  A  une  demi-lieue  de  ce  hameau  on 
commence  a  apercevoir  ga  et  la  des  bancs  de  schistes  feuil- 
letes  d'une  espece  argilleuse  mais  tres  tendre ;  ces  schistes 
paraissent  se  prolonger  jusqu'a  la  haute  coUine  de  mont 
Ma'ieur,  situee  au  sud-est  du  chemin,  dont  elle  rCest  separee 
que  par  une  suite  de  belles  prairies  et  de  marais  qui  se  pro- 
long ent  jusqii  au  lac  de  S*^  Helene;  ces  prairies  ont  visiblement 
ete  sous  les  eaux,  et  elks  ont  fait  dans  un  temps  partie  de 
ce  lac^.' 

All  these  marsh-lands  are  now  in  a  great  measure 
reclaimed  by  means  of  drainage  and  embankments :  but 
in  ancient  times  they  must  have  formed,  as  may  be  con- 
cluded from  the  passages  above  cited,  and  from  the 
appearance  of  the  country,  a  great  swamp,  which  prevented 
all  passage  along  the  left  bank  of  the  Isere,  between  Pont 
Charra  and  Montmelian.  In  order  to  reach  Aiguebelle 
from  the  Graisivaudan,  it  must  have  been  necessary  to 
pass  by  Avay  of  La  Rochctte ;  or  else,  (which  is  however  a 
mere  supposition,  for  no  road  is  known  to  have  adopted 
such  a  course)  to  have  proceeded  from  Pont  Charra,  along 
the  north-western  flank  of  the  ridge  of  Montmayeur. 

But  even  if  Maltaverne  were  reached,  the  same  diffi- 
culties would  occur  again.     Another  large  tract  of  marsh 


1  Les  Alpes  Grecques  et  Cottiennes,  p.  C91.     The  author  speaks  again 
(p.  59G)  of  the  lake  of  Sto  Helene,  and  the  marshes  adjoining  it. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  79 

defends  the  entrance  of  the  valley  of  the  Arc.  Bourgneuf 
is  already  on  the  fen,  and  from  thence  to  La  Croix  d'Ai- 
guebelle  the  road  lies  entirely  over  marsh-land.  A  great 
quantity  of  ground  has  indeed  been  reclaimed  here ;  yet 
extensive  swamps  are  still  left  on  the  banks  of  the  Isere 
and  the  Arc,  though  both  these  rivers  are  now  almost 
entirely  confined  by  dykes ;  the  vast  undertaking  of  their 
embankment  being  nearly  completed,  down  to  the  place 
where  the  Isere  enters  France  \  Fifty  years  ago,  M.  Alba- 
nis  de  Beaumont  remarked  the  great  swamps  then  existing 
about  the  confluence  of  the  Isere  and  the  Arc  2.  M.  Ber- 
tolotte  also,  in  the  year  1827,  took  notice  of  these  morasses, 
'  le  paludose  lande  ove  Y  Isera  riceve  le  acque  dell'  Arco  f 
and  mentions  the  swampy  meadows,  •  i  prati  paludosi,'  as 
being  found  on  the  banks  of  the  Gellon  as  far  from  the 
Arc  as  the  neighbourhood  of  Bettonet^. 

It  seems  clear  then  that,  in  ancient  times,  a  large  marsh 
lay  between  INIaltaverne  and  the  entrance  of  the  valley  of 
the  Arc ;  and  it  is  not  likely  that  any  way  ever  lay  across 
it,  before  the  Romans,  in  all  probability,  (as  will  be  seen  in 
a  later  chapter)  constructed  a  line  of  road  here  from  the 
Maurienne  to  Montmelian.  The  barbarian  inhabitants  of 
the  Maurienne,  when  seeking  a  way  to  the  Graisivaudan, 

1  When  these  dykes  are  completed,  the  high  road  from  Montmelian 
to  Turin  will  bo  carried  along  them  by  the  sides  of  the  Isere  and  Arc  into 
the  Maurienne,  and  the  present  road  by  Maltavemo  will  be  abandoned. 
The  now  road  was  indeed,  in  the  spring  of  the  present  year  (18r>3),  nearly 
finished. 

2  A  unc  demi-lieuo  de  Maltavorne  I'on  trayerse  lo  Gelon ;  .^  droito  la 
vuo  plonge  dans  la  vallee  du  Bcton,  ct  a  gauche  dans  cello  de  I'Iserc,  dont 
on  suit  les  sinuositcs  do  la  riviere  jusqu'a  Conflans,  situo  a  rcntreo  de  la 
vallee  do  Tarantaisc.  Bicntot  I'on  so  trouve  vis-jl-vis  du  confluent  do 
riscre  ct  do  I'Arc,  on  le  voyageur  sentimental  voit  avcc  regret  les  ravages 
quo  causcnt  les  eaux  do  ces  deux  riviores,  particulicroment  sur  la  rivo 
gauche  de  I'lscre,  ou  il  y  a  des  marais  cVum  itcnduc  dc  pluskurs  licnc$,  dont 
les  exhalaisons  ou  miasmes  qui  s'on  dcgagent  lors  des  grandcs  chalours, 
poussees  par  les  vents  nord-ouest,  ct  remontant  dans  I'l'-troito  vallOo  do 
Maurienne,  y  occasionncnt  annuellcmcnt  des  ficvrcs  intcnnittentos,  ct 
plusicurs  autres  cspcccs  do  maladies  cgalcment  nuisibles  aux  habitants. — 
LcsAlpcs  Grccques  ct  Cottknncs,  Vol.  II.  p.  600. 

3  Viaggio  in  Savoia,  Lcttcra  LXVI. 


80  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

would,  on  their  arrival  at  La  Croix  d'Aiguebelle,  have 
followed  the  line  of  the  valley  of  La  Rochette.  The  inha- 
bitants of  the  Graisivaudan,  in  like  manner,  when  wishing 
to  penetrate  into  the  Maurienne,  would  also,  when  the 
marshes  beyond  Pont  Charra  hindered  their  further  pro- 
gress up  the  Isere,  have  been  induced,  if  not  compelled,  to 
strike  into  the  same  valley  of  La  Rochette,  either  from 
Pont  Charra  or  Le  Cheylas.  But  from  La  Rochette  to 
Grenoble,  the  most  natural  line  of  route  is  by  Allevard  and 
Le  Cheylas.  On  this  line,  then,  the  old  Gallic  way  would 
have  been  made ;  and  here  Hannibal  would  find  his  road 
when  on  his  march  from  Grenoble  to  the  Mont  Cenis. 

On  this  road  the  marshes  present  no  obstacles.  There 
is  a  narrow  tract  of  marsh  on  the  plain  between  Allevard 
and  St  Pierre  d' Allevard,  the  highest  part  of  the  route. 
This  tract,  however,  the  road  can  skirt  without  expe- 
riencing any  difficulty,  on  the  gently  rising  ground  at  the 
foot  of  the  ridge  of  hills  called  Brame-Farine.  As  to  the 
marshes  at  the  extremity  of  the  valley  of  La  Rochette, 
which  extend  from  near  Bettonet  to  the  Arc,  the  road, 
being  already  on  the  ground  lying  on  their  south  side, 
cannot,  of  course,  be  inconvenienced  by  them. 

From  the  entrance  to  the  valley  of  the  Arc,  at  La 
Croix  dAiguebelle,  to  the  summit  of  the  Mont  Cenis,  the 
way,  lying  in  a  valley  confined  on  both  sides  by  mountains, 
necessarily  follows  up  the  Arc,  as  closely  as  the  difficulties 
of  the  ground  will  allow  it.  Four  lines  of  way  up  the 
Maurienne  may  be  mentioned  :  (1)  The  present  high  road  ; 
(2)  the  first  carriage-road  made  under  Napoleon ;  (3)  the 
mule-road  of  the  last  century ;  and  (4)  the  earlier  mule- 
road,  the  oldest  path  known  to  have  existed.  These  roads 
are,  in  places,  more  or  less  coincident  with  one  another : 
the  first  and  the  last  have,  however,  an  exceedingly  small 
number  of  miles  in  common.  For  the  ancient  road  gene- 
rally ran,  and  sometimes  at  a  great  height,  along  the  flanks 
of  the  mountains,  avoiding  the  marshes  in  the  Lower 
Maurienne,  and  the  deep  defiles  in  the  Upper  Maurienne. 
An  artificial  line  of  causeway  now  carries  the  high  road 
straight  through  the  marshes ;  and  the  defiles  of  the 
Upper   Maurienne  have    been  laid  open  for   its  passage. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  81 

either  by  blasting  away  the  rocks  Avhich  close  in  upon  the 
river,  or  by  means  of  artificial  terraces  which  deprive  it  of 
a  part  of  its  channel. 

It  is  necessarily  along  the  most  ancient  path,  the 
earliest  mule-road,  that  we  must  seek  for  the  route  of 
Hannibal.  Now,  though  this  road  is  partially  destroyed  in 
several  places,  the  whole  line  may  be  almost  completely 
traced.  From  La  Croix  d'Aiguebelle,  mentioned  above,  it 
skirts  the  bases  of  the  mountains  to  Aiguebelle.  Directly 
behind  Aiguebelle,  two  hills  rise  from  the  bed  of  the  valley, 
leaving  between  themselves  and  the  mountains  on  each 
side  only  three  narrow  openings.  Through  the  most 
easterly  of  these  openings  runs  the  high  road,  supported 
on  a  causeway  occupying  part  of  the  old  channel  of  the 
river,  which  it  follows  to  the  bridge  of  Argentine.  The 
first  carriage-road  and  second  mule-road  passed  through 
the  opening  between  the  two  hills;  the  oldest  path  of  all 
passed  through  the  opening  between  the  western  hill  and 
the  mountains,  and  fell  into  the  line  of  the  first  carriage- 
road  and  second  mule-road-  immediately  behind  the  hill. 
This  first  carriage-road  joins  the  present  one  shortly  before 
reaching  the  bridge  of  Argentine,  the  junction  taking- 
place  at  the  foot  of  a  precipice,  which  in  ancient  times 
must  have  sprung  directly  from  the  river  or  the  marshes, 
and,  in  all  probability,  have  barred  this  line  of  way.  The 
oldest  road  is  thus,  it  may  be  supposed,  if  there  was  no 
passage  here,  represented  for  a  short  distance  by  a  nuile- 
road,  which,  after  the  hills  previously  mentioned  behind 
Aiguebelle  have  been  passed,  strikes  oflf  from  the  second 
mule-road,  into  which  the  first  has  just  fallen,  and  ascends 
along  the  heights  towards  the  mines  of  St  George.  From 
this  road,  in  a  short  time,  a  foot-path  branches  off  to  the 
left,  and,  keeping  for  some  distance  along  the  sides  of  the 
mountains,  eventually  descends  througli  a  hollow  directly 
upon  the  bridge  of  Argentine.  This,  it  may  be  conjectured, 
is  the  oldest  route  through  the  hills  and  defile  of  Aiguebelle. 

From  the  bridge  of  Argentine  the  old  line  of  way  is 
known  throughout  by  the  inhabitants  of  the  country  as  far 
as  the  sunnnit  of  the  ISIont  Ccnis.  It  ])asscs  throni^h 
Argentine  to  the  left  of  the  marshes  and  of  the  motlcrn 

6 


82  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

carriage-roads  (though  Argentine  itself  is  accessible  in  a 
carriage)  and  encounters  no  difficult  ground  until  it  ap- 
proaches Epierre.  Here  there  is  a  spur  projecting  from 
the  mountains,  and  presenting  towards  the  west  a  precipi- 
tous face,  which  rises  from  the  marshes.  On  the  crest  of 
this  spur  is  a  tract  of  cultivated  ground.  Over  this  tract 
the  old  road  passed,  attaining  it  by  a  gradual  ascent  along 
the  flanks  of  the  mountains  which  stretch  towards  Argen- 
tine. On  the  northern  side  of  this  tract  of  ground  the 
road  has  been  destroyed,  and  its  line  is  lost  for  a  short 
time  among  the  fields.  On  the  summit  of  the  spur  it  is 
again  recovered,  and  descends  in  a  well-preserved  state 
upon  Epierre,  passing  through  the  most  ancient  part  of 
this  village,  where  the  church  is  situated.  Continuing  its 
course  through  Le  Tardy  it  crosses  another,  but  a  lower 
spur  of  the  mountains,  and  descends  upon  Tigny.  Erom 
thence,  having  passed  through  La  Chapelle,  it  quits,  near 
Gondran,  the  large  tract  of  fertile  ground  which  extends 
into  the  marshes,  and  upon  which  Tigny,  La  Chapelle,  and 
Gondran  are  situated;  and  then  pursues  its  course  along 
the  mountain  sides  through  Les  Chavannes,  till  it  arrives 
immediately  behind  the  post-station  of  La  Grande  Maison'. 
Erom  thence  it  reaches  La  Chambre,  keeping  along  the 
side  of  a  steep  mountain,  and  coinciding  probably  with  the 
earliest  carriage-road  now  rapidly  falling  into  complete 
ruin.  Erom  La  Chambre  it  passes  through  St  Avre  to  the 
bridge  of  Sainte  Marie  de  Cuines,  which  is  situated  about 
a  mile  above  the  village  of  that  name,  at  a  point  where  a 
projecting  edge  of  rocks  formerly  obliged  the  road  to  cross 
the  river.  It  does  not  however  seem  unlikely,  from  the 
nature  of  the  country,  that  the  river  may  have  been  once 
crossed  a  little  below  this  bridge,  so  that  the  way  from  La 
Chambre  may  have  passed  through  Sainte  Marie  itself  At 
the  bridge  of  Sainte  Marie  de  Cuines,  the  great  marshes 
of  the  Lower  Maurienne  may  be  said  to  terminate.  A 
long  defile  bounded  by  precipices  of  vast  height  is  then 


1  From  La  Grande  Maison  to  St  Martin  do  la  Porte,  a  distance  of 
about  15  English  miles,  the  first  three  roads  up  the  Maurienne  deviate 
little  from  each  other. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  83 

entered.  The  river  is  again  crossed  at  Pontamafrey,  and 
also  a  third  time  at  the  upper  end  of  the  defile.  The 
valley  then  opens  out,  and  the  road  emerges  upon  an  open 
tract  of  country  in  Avhich  stands  St  Jean  de  IMaurienne, 
the  chief  town  of  the  province  of  the  same  name. 

From  St  Jean  de  Maurienne  to  St  Martin  de  la  Porte, 
the  way  lies  in  the  bottom  of  the  valley,  which  has  here 
for  a  time  a  considerable  width.  The  river  is  again  crossed 
between  St  Jean  and  St  Julien.  The  present  high  road 
keeps  close  to  the  river,  and  leaves  the  villages  of  St  Julien 
and  St  Martin  on  the  left.  Almost  immediately  beyond 
St  Martin  the  valley  is  suddenly  terminated.  The  great 
rock  of  Baune,  several  hundred  feet  in  height,  and  about 
three  quarters  of  a  mile  in  length,  stretches  across  the 
valley  from  side  to  side.  Between  the  southern  edge  of 
this  rock  and  the  precipices  on  the  opposite  side  of  the 
valley,  the  Arc  has  cut  itself  a  narrow  passage  between 
the  cliffs.  Through  this  passage  the  three  most  modern 
roads  were  conducted,  the  face  of  the  precipice  having 
been  blasted  away  by  the  aid  of  gunpow  der  to  make  room 
for  them.  An  entrance  was  thus  gained  into  the  little 
plain  of  St  Michel,  and  into  a  series  of  defiles  about  ten 
miles  in  length,  which  extends  as  far  as  a  village  called 
Le  Frency,  some  three  miles  below  Modane. 

No  such  course  was  practicable  for  the  ancient  road  ; 
nor,  according  to  the  report  of  the  inhabitants,  did  any 
way  exist,  till  within  the  last  150  or  200  years,  by  the 
southern  extremity  of  the  Jlock  of  Baune.  The  old  road 
passed  by  the  northern  extremity  of  that  rock,  penetrating 
through  the  narrow  defile  of  La  Porte,  which  separates 
the  Rock  of  Baune  from  the  rest  of  the  ridge,  of  which  it 
forms  the  prolongation  into  the  valley.  Having  passed 
through  this  defile  the  road  did  not  descend  upon  the 
plain  of  St  ]Michcl  (in  ancient  times  probably  a  morass'), 
but  climbed  the  heights  by  Le  Village  de  la  Porte  and 
Villard  Bcrnond  to  a  village  called  I^a  Traverse ;  from 
whence  it  ran,  nearly  on  a  level,  round  a  projecting  moun- 


^  According  to  Bcrtolotti  (Viaff<jio  in  Savoia,  Lcttcra  LXX.)  pcrlmps 
a  lake. 

C— 2 


84.  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

tain-shoulder,  to  Le  Thyl  d'en  haiit,  the  highest  point  of 
this  part  of  the  route,  and  probably  about  1500  feet  above 
the  valley  beneath.  Between  Le  Village  de  la  Porte  and 
Villard  Bernond  there  is  only  a  foot-path  now ;  and  be- 
tween Villard  Bernond  and  La  Traverse  a  considerable 
portion  of  the  former  road  is  gone,  though  fragments  of 
the  old  rough  paving  sometimes  appear.  The  rest  of  the 
way  from  St  Martin  de  la  Porte  to  Le  Thyl  d'en  haut 
is  good.  From  Le  Thyl  d'en  haut,  the  old  road  rapidly 
descends  upon  Le  Thyl  d'en  bas  and  La  Buffaz ;  from 
whence,  still  descending,  but  less  rapidly,  along  the  moun- 
tain side  through  Basilieres,  it  arrives  on  the  banks  of  a 
small  tributary  of  the  Arc,  having  almost  reached  the  level 
of  that  river.  From  Le  Thyl  to  this  little  tributary  stream 
the  road  is  good ;  but,  after  the  stream  has  been  crossed, 
nothing  but  a  narrow  and  bad  foot-path  remains  to  indi- 
cate the  course  of  the  old  road.  Before  reaching  Orelle 
the  road  again  becomes  wide  and  good,  the  old  track  being 
here  followed  by  the  present  mule-road  which  branches 
off  to  Orelle  from  the  high  road  in  the  defile  beneath. 
From  Orelle  to  Le  Freney  the  old  road  is  still  in  use  and 
in  very  good  preservation.  It  runs  at  a  great  height  along 
the  mountains  through  the  villages  of  Bonvillard  and  Le 
Villaret'.  From  Le  Villaret  it  descends  upon  St  Andre, 
through  which  the  later  mule-road  and  the  first  carriage- 
road  also  passed ;  and  another  descent  leads  down  to  the 
bridge  of  Le  Freney,  where  all  the  lines  of  road  again 
meet,  and  where  an  open  valley  is  once  more  reached  2. 


^  In  a  detached  part  of  this  latter  village,  called,  as  well  as  the  sound 
could  bo  caught,  La  Paille,  there  is  an  old  house  with  early  Gothic 
windows,  which  is  reported  by  the  inhabitants  of  the  place  to  have  been 
formerly  a  post-house  for  mules  or  horses,  when  the  old  road  passed 
this  way. 

2  The  course  of  this  old  road,  from  St  ]\Iartin  to  Le  Freney,  may  b© 
frequently  discerned  from  the  high  road  by  the  side  of  the  Arc  beneath. 
Between  La  Buffaz  and  Basilieres  it  runs  in  one  place  along  the  face  of  a 
precipitous  mountain  where  its  actual  line  is  perceptible.  A  similar 
place  occurs  between  Bonvillard  and  Lo  Villaret.  Where  the  line  of  road 
itself  cannot  bo  seen,  its  course  may  be  partially  traced  by  means  of  the 
numerous  crosses  along  it,  and  by  the  villages,  when  visible,  through 
A\hich  it  runs. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS.  85 

From  Le  Freney  to  Modane  the  valley  is  open,  especially 
around  Modane.  The  old  road  passes  through  the  villages 
of  Le  Freney  and  Le  Fourneau,  to  the  right  of  the  present 
high  road.  Above  Modane  the  defile  of  Bramans  or  of 
1  Esseillon,  a  passage  of  great  difficulty,  is  entered.  The 
high  road  (the  two  carriage-roads  are  here  identical)  is  cut 
out  of  the  rock  for  the  greater  part  of  the  way  to  the 
plain  of  Bramans.  There  seems  also  never  to  have  been 
more  than  one  line  here  for  mules  or  horses.  Leaving 
Modane,  this  track  passes  to  the  right  of  the  carriage-road, 
being  separated  from  it  by  an  eminence,  behind  which  the 
older  road  makes  its  way.  Emerging  from  behind  this 
eminence,  it  descends  to,  and  cuts  across  the  high  road, 
and  leads  down  to  Villarodin.  Mounting  again  from  this 
village,  and  re-crossing  the  high  road,  it  ascends  the 
heights  into  a  wood,  rejoining  after  a  time,  but  only  for 
a  moment,  the  high  road,  at  the  bridge  which  crosses  a 
small  stream  opposite  the  great  fort  of  I'Esseillon.  The 
mule-road  then  again  ascends  the  heights,  and  is  lost 
in  the  pine-forests,  and  finally  descends  upon  Bramans 
behind  a  ridge  of  some  elevation,  which  intervenes  between 
it  and  the  carriage-road. 

On  the  plain  of  Bramans  the  roads  to  the  Great  and 
Little  Mont  Cenis  separate.  The  way  to  the  Little  Mont 
Cenis,  the  pass  which  agrees  best  with  the  accounts  of 
Hannibal's  passage,  and  which  seems  to  have  been  the 
most  ancient  route  by  which  the  mountain  was  ascended', 
here  strikes  off  from  the  valley  of  the  Arc,  and  ascends  the 
lateral  valley  of  St  Pierre.  The  old  mule-road  to  the 
Great  INEont  Cenis  passed  from  Bramans  through  Le 
Verney,  Le  Chatel,  and  Sollieres,  to  Termignon ;  from 
whence,  with  the  exception  of  a  small  portion  on  leaving 
Termignon,  where  the  carriage-road  makes  a  zigzag,  it  nearly 
coincided  with  the  line  of  that  road  as  far  as  I^anslcbourg, 
a  large  village  at  the  foot  of  the  Great  Mont  Cenis.  From 
Lanslebourg  it  forms  what  is  called  the  '  Petite  Poutc'  by 
which  the  mountain  is  ascended.     The  high  road  is  only 


^  Ilistoire  du  dioche  de  Maurienne,  par  M.  Lo  Chanoino  d'Angley.   Sco 
also  below,  Chap.  XL 


86  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

able  to  accomplish  this  ascent  by  means  of  several  zigzags. 
At  La  Kamasse,  the  northern  extremity  of  the  plateau  of 
the  Great  Mont  Cenis,  the  two  roads  unite,  and  follow 
nearly  the  same  line  to  La  Grande  Croix,  at  the  southern 
extremity  of  the  plateau.  This  plateau  is  five  miles  long. 
The  highest  point  of  the  passage,  6770  feet  above  the  level 
of  the  sea,  is  situated  about  three-quarters  of  a  mile  to  the 
south  of  La  Kamasse.  At  La  Grande  Croix  the  old  road 
from  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  falls  into  the  present  line 
of  routed 

The  road  to  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  has  been  already 
mentioned  as  diverging  from  the  valley  of  the  Arc  at 
Bramans.  It  strikes  thence  up  the  valley  of  St  Pierre, 
and,  after  a  course  of  about  five  miles,  reaches  the  foot  of 
the  Little  Mont  Cenis.  A  very  steep  ascent,  of  one  hour 
in  length,  leads  to  the  crest  of  the  pass,  6820  feet  above 
the  sea-level.  The  summit  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  is  a 
plateau  of  grass,  of  considerable  width,  and  exceeding 
three  miles  in  length.  It  is  enclosed  by  mountains  on  both 
sides,  and  terminates  towards  the  N.  E.  in  a  slope,  which 
declines  to  the  lake  of  the  Mont  Cenis.  The  path,  on 
arriving  at  this  opening  above  the  lake,  does  not  descend 
to  it,  but  turns  off  towards  the  south-east,  and  enters  a 
kind  of  short  valley,  having  the  mountains  on  the  right, 
and  on  the  left  a  range  of  hills,  mentioned  in  the  note  as 
forming  on  the  south-west  the  boundary  of  the  plateau  of 


1  There  are  three  paths  leading  from  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  to  the 
high  road  which  runs  along  the  plateau  of  the  Great  Mont  Cenis.  The  first 
lies  along  the  northern  side  of  the  lake,  and  falls  into  the  high  road  at 
Los  Tavernettcs.  Tlic  second  runs  to  the  Ilospico  by  the  southern  side 
of  the  lake,  along  the  extremity  of  a  range  of  hills  which  forms  the 
boundai'y  of  the  plateau  of  the  Great  Mont  Cenis,  from  the  lake  to  La 
Grande  Croix.  The  third  crosses  these  hills  through  a  hollow  in  them, 
and  descends  directly  upon  La  Grande  Croix.  This  last,  the  shortest  and 
most  natural  way,  is  the  ancient  line  from  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  into 
Italy.  In  the  map  given  in  Blaov's  Theatrum  Statuum  liegice  Celsitudinis 
Sabaiidice  Duels,  the  roads  from  Italy  over  the  Great  and  the  Little 
Mont  Cenis  are  marked  as  separating  at  La  Grande  Croix  or  even  a  little 
before.  The  road  to  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  seems  to  have  skirted  the 
base  of  the  hills,  and  to  have  left  the  present  hamlet  of  La  Grande  Croix 
some  hundred  yards  or  so  to  the  right. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS.  87 

the  Great  Mont  Cenis.  Through  a  hollow  in  these  hills,  as 
there  stated,  the  path  finally  passes,  and  rejoins,  at  La 
Grande  Croix,  the  route  of  the  Great  Mont  Cenis.  The 
descent  into  Italy,  "which  begins  at  La  Grande  Croix,  is 
the  same  for  both  passes. 

This  descent  is  at  first  very  steep.  The  road  winds 
down  a  precipitous  declivity,  called  the  *  Fourmiguier,'  by 
which  the  little  plain  of  St  Nicholas,  lying  perhaps  about 
500  feet  below  La  Grande  Croix,  is  at  length  reached.  The 
face  of  this  declivity  is  traversed  from  side  to  side  by  the 
several  arms  of  the  high  road,  which  is  cut  in  places  out 
of  the  rock,  and  is  only  able  to  accomplish  the  descent  by 
a  zigzag  route.  By  these  arms  of  the  high-road,  rising 
one  above  another,  the  old  mule-road  seems  to  have  been 
quite  obliterated.  The  little  plain  of  St  Nicholas,  once 
reached,  is  soon  crossed.  At  the  extremity  of  this  plain 
the  carriage-road  (always  the  same  from  this  point),  sepa- 
rates from  the  common  line  of  the  old  mule-roads,  and  is 
only  joined  by  it  again  at  Susa ;  the  extreme  steepness  of 
the  descent  to  La  Novalese  rendering  that  line  of  route 
very  ill  adapted  for  a  carriage-road.  The  first  part  of  the 
descent  from  the  plain  of  St  Nicholas,  by  the  mule-road, 
lay  through  a  covered  gallery,  built  for  the  protection  of 
travellers,  and  now  in  a  great  measure  buried  beneath  the 
fragments  of  rock  which  were  detached  from  above,  when 
the  mountain-side  was  blasted  away  to  afford  a  passage  for 
the  high-road.  The  rest  of  the  descent,  as  far  as  La 
Fcrriere,  is  rapid,  but  not  excessively  steep.  At  La  Ferriore 
the  first  and  second  mule-roads  separate,  and  unite  again 
at  La  Novalese.  The  second  road,  strongly  constructed, 
and  paved  Avith  large  stones,  Avas  made  under  Charles 
Emmanuel  IIL  (1730 — 1773)  in  consequence  of  the  dan- 
gers which  attended  the  oldest  line  of  way.  This  second 
mule-path  from  La  Fcrriere  keeps  on  the  riglit  or  southern 
side  of  the  Cenise  or  Cenischia :  the  old  path  lay  on  the 
northern  side  of  the  stream.  The  descent  between  La 
Fcrriere  and  La  Novalese  is  very  rapitl,  and  in  parts  pre- 
cipitous. 

At  La  Novalese  the  descent  from  the  INront  Cenis 
is  terminated.      This  village,  though  so  near  the  summit  of 


88  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

the  pass,  lies  at  an  elevation  of  no  more  than  25G0  feet 
above  the  sea.  From  thence  to  the  plains  of  Italy  the 
route  presents  no  further  difficulty,  unless  the  passage  of 
a  low  ridge,  immediately  before  reaching  Susa,  be  con- 
sidered as  one.  Yet  even  this  obstacle  might,  it  should 
seem,  have  been  avoided,  if  necessary,  by  following  the 
Cenise  from  Venaus,  on  its  left  bank,  down  to  its  junction 
with  the  Dora  Susina  in  the  valley,  or  Combe,  of  Susa. 
From  La  Novalese  downwards,  there  is  no  further  question 
of  mere  mule-roads,  as  the  country  does  not  offer  any  im- 
pediment to  the  construction  of  carriage-roads.  In  such 
a  district  it  is  not  of  much  importance  to  determine  the 
oldest  route.  From  Susa  to  Bussoleno,  on  the  way  to 
Turin,  the  northern  side  of  the  Dora  affords  the  best  line 
of  road,  though  the  southern  side  may  have  been  anciently 
followed.  From  Bussoleno  to  Turin  the  southern  side  has, 
till  late  years,  always  been  taken,  though  the  river  is  now 
crossed  at  Borgone,  instead  of  Bussoleno.  The  earliest 
road  seems  to  have  passed,  after  leaving  Bussoleno, 
through  the  towns  or  villages  of  San  Giorio,  Sant'  Anto- 
nino,  Vayes,  Chiusa,  Sant'  Ambrogio,  Avigliana,  Buttig- 
liera,  Rosta,  and  Eivoli,  and  thus  to  have  finally  reached 
the  city  of  Turin. 


,^m^ 


CHAPTER    VII. 

Application  of  the  conditions  deduced  from  Polybius'  narrative  to  the 
route  of  the  Mont  Cenis. — Accordance  of  the  actual  distances 
with  those  given  by  Polybius. — Identification  of  the^  defile  at  the 
commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  Alps  with  the  gorge  of  Le 
Fay. — Probable  identity  of  the  town  of  the  Allobroges  and  the 
modern  Allevard. — Identification  of  the  "strong  white  rock"  with 
the  rock  of  Baune. — Ai'rival  at  the  Col  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis. 


THE  first  two  conditions  for  the  determination  of  Han- 
nibal's route  relate  to  two  distances ;  (1)  the  distance 
from  the  jmiction  of  the  Rhone  and  Isere,  (or  from 
Valence)  to  the  point  where  Hannibal  would  have  left  the 
Isere ;  and  (2)  the  distance  from  this  latter  point,  across 
the  Alps,  to  the  commencement  of  the  plains  of  Italy,  It 
will  therefore  be  necessary  to  compute :  (1)  the  length  of 
the  road  along  the  left  bank  of  the  Isere  from  Valence  to 
Le  Cheylas ;  and  (2)  the  length  of  the  Alpine  route  across 
the  Little  Mont  Cenis  from  Le  Cheylas  to  Avigliana. 

Now  from  Valence  to  Grenoble  the  distance  is  96  kilo- 
metres ;  and  from  Grenoble  to  Le  Cheylas  the  distance 
is  33  kilometres.  The  total  distance,  therefore,  from 
Valence  (or  from  the  junction  of  the  Rhone  and  Isere)  to 
Le  Cheylas  is  129  kilometres  or  87^  Roman  miles'. 

The  following  table  will  give  the  distances  between  the 
different  places  in  succession  on  the  way  from  Le  Cheylas* 


1  A  Roman  mile  is  equal  to  1475  metres. 

2  The  name  Cheylas  is  probably  identical  with  chalcL,  a  word  existing 
in  the  patois  of  Dauphine,  and  signifying  a  footpath.  ("  ChalU,  petit 
scnticr,  particulieremcnt  cclui  qu'on  fait  sur  la  neige."  Champollion- 
Figcac,  Nouvellcs  recherches  sur  Ics  patois.)  Chahl,  however,  of  wliich  an- 
other form  is  chal,  seems  to  be  a  corruption  of  the  Latin  srala,  and  would 
liavc  signified  originally  an  ascending  path,  and  thence  a  mountain  path 
generally.  "  II  est  ;\  prcsumer  quo  la  montOo  do  Chalemont  (a  place  by 
Grenoble)  fut  ainsi  nommue  du  vieux  mot  chal,  qui  signifio  rotttc,  c'est- 
ii-dirc,  route  de  la  montagne.  Nous  avous  trouvii  dans  un  manuscrit 
scala  montia  "    Pilot,   Ilistoire  de    Grenoble.     In   the  Val.  d'Orea,  also, 


90  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

to  Avigliana.  The  government  Itinerary  of  the  Sardinian 
States,  published  in  1839,  gives  the  distances  on  the  road 
then  existing  between  La  Rochette  and  Bramans  in  Pied- 
montese  miles.  On  the  older  road  the  distances  are  of 
course  somewhat  different :  but,  with  the  exception  of  the 
part  between  St  Jean  de  Maurienne  and  Modane,  the  dif- 
ferences must  be  slight,  and  the  distances  of  the  Itinerary 
may,  with  that  exception,  be  adopted.  The  distances 
between  Le  Cheylas  and  La  Rochette,  between  St  Jean  de 
Maurienne  and  Modane,  and  between  Bramans  and  Susa 
by  the  Little  Mont  Cenis, — distances  for  which  no  table 
could  be  consulted, — have  been  estimated  with  consider- 
able care,  principally,  but  not  solely,  by  observing  the  time 
occupied  in  walking  between  diiferent  points,  and  may  be 
relied  upon  as  free  from  all  material  error.  The  distance 
of  24  Roman  miles  between  Susa  and  Avigliana  (Ad  fines) 
is  taken  from  the  Roman  Itineraries. 

A  Piedmontese  mile  is  equal  to  2466  metres,  and  a 
Roman  mile  is  equal  to  1475  metres,  or  1614  English  yards. 
Five  Roman  miles  will  consquently  be  almost  accurately 
equivalent  to  three  Piedmontese  miles,  and  twelve  Roman 
miles  will  be  equivalent  to  eleven  English  miles. 


there  is  an  ascent  called  the  Scalare  di  Ceresol.  The  use  of  the  German 
word,  Steg,  in  the  Swiss  Alps,  seems  to  correspond  to  the  use  of  chaJd  in 
the  Alps  of  Dauphine.  The  meaning  of  Steg  is  given  as  simply  path, 
but  it  is  derived  from  Steigen,  to  mount,  and,  under  the  forms  Steg, 
Steig,  or  Gsteig,  is  found  in  several  places  where  ascents  begin.  (Ex. 
Gsteig,  Sanetsch  pass,  N.  side,  and  Simplon  pass,  S.  side;  Am-steg,  StGo- 
thard  road  ;  Steg,  entrance  to  LiJtsch  Thai.)  The  terms  Monta,  Montets, 
Montee,  are  used  in  some  districts  of  the  Alps  where  French  is  spoken 
to  designate  similar  places.  The  word  avalioXij  seems  quite  identical 
in  meaning  with  such  terms  as  IMonta  and  Gsteig,  and  with  the  term 
Chala  in  its  primitive  signification.  As  there  are  in  the  Alps  at  the 
present  day,  so  also  there  would  have  been  in  the  time  of  Hannibal, 
several  places  known  and  designated  as  points  where  ascents  began. 
All  such  points  might  be  called  dva^o\ai  by  a  Greek  writer.  Tfw  dva- 
i3oX?7,  of  which  Polybius  speaks,  would  bo  ono  of  these  points,  and,  as 
is  evident  from  the  context,  the  first  point  where  the  road  into  Italy 
from  the  banks  of  the  Rhone  ascended  into  tho  mountains.  Le  Cheylas 
is  accurately  in  this  position,  and  probably  derives  its  name  from  its 
situation,  as  being  what  Polybius  calls  tho  dva^oKr)  rmv  "AXnecov  v  ds 
'irdKlav,  or,  in  another  place,  the  dm^oX^  irpos  TcisWneis. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 


91 


From  Le  Cheylas  to 

Allevard  „ 

La  Rochette  „ 

Chamonx  „ 

Aiguebelle  „ 

La  Chapelle  „ 

La  Chanibre  „ 
St  Jean 


Pied. 
Miles. 


St  Martin 

Orelle 

St  Andre 

Modane 

L'Esseillon 

Branians 

Col 

Grand'  Croix 

La  Novalese  , 


41 


61 


6 


7 

61 

6 


6 

7 
7l 

'2 

5f 
91 

7 

7k 
61 


'3 


72 
'3 

7 

61 

5^ 


Allevard 

La  Rochette  

Chamoux  

Aiguebelle 

La  Chapelle    

La  Chambre  

St  Jean  de  Maurienne   .. 
St  Martin  de  la  Porte    .. 

(to  Villard  Bemond  H  •, 
"  i"^;^^"? '\\ 
„  Basilieres  2 
„   Orelle, H' 

St  Andre 

Modane 

L'Esseillon  

Bramans 

Col  of  Little  Mont  Cenis 

Grand'  Croix  

La  Novalese 

Susa 

Susato  Avigliana  or  "  Ad  Fines" 

Total  distance  from  Le  Cheylas  to  Avigliana... 

The  first  two  conditions  are  these : 

I.  The  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  Alps  must 
be  situated  at  a  distance  of  about  100  Roman  miles  from 
the  junction  of  the  Rhone  and  the  Isere,  reckoned  along 
the  left  bank  of  the  latter  river. 

II.  The  length  of  the  route  over  the  Alps,  beginning 
at  the  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  mountains,  and 
terminating  at  the  commencement  of  the  plains  of  Italy, 
must  be  about  150  Roman  miles. 

Instead  of  the  100  Roman  miles  of  (I.)  the  route  gives    87? 
150         „         „  (XL)         „         „        1.32^ 

The  actual  distances  thus  fiill,  in  both  cases,  a  little 
below  those  given  by  Polybius.  This  is  exactly  Avhat  ought 
to  occur  when  the  distances  are  estimated,  as  they  are  by 
Polybius,  in  stadia  :  for  the  estimated  distances  in  stadia 
always  exceed  the  real  distances'.     It  has  also  been  pro- 


English 
Miles. 


Roman 
Miles. 


24 
1321" 


^  "  Tho  principal  argument  for  a  variety  of  stadia  is  that  of  Major 
RcnnoU,  {Qeng,  of  Ilerod.  s.  2.);  namely,  that  when  ancient  authors  liavo 


92  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

viously  noticed,  that  Polybius  measures  distances  by  lengths 
of  200  stadia,  or  25  Roman  miles.  Now  100  is  the  lowest 
multiple  of  25  which  exceeds  87-^ ;  and  150  is  also  the 
lowest  multiple  of  25  which  exceeds  1321.  Xhe  argument, 
therefore,  drawn  from  the  comparison  of  distances,  could 
not  be  more  favourable  than  it  is  to  the  route  of  the  Little 
Mont  Cenis. 


We  now  proceed  to  the  consideration  of  Condition  TIL 

III.  At  the  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  Alps, 
a  defile  must  be  found,  the  character  of  which,  and  of  the 
surrounding  country,  is  in  accordance  with  the  events 
related  by  Polybius  to  have  occurred  in  that  place. 

The  chain  of  lofty  hills,  which  bounds  the  valley  of 
Graisivaudan  on  the  east,  has  been  already  mentioned. 
At  Le  Cheylas,  there  is  a  gap  in  this  chain,  affording  a 
passage  to  a  small  stream,  called  the  Torrent  des  Sailhes, 
which  rises  in  the  elevated  valley  behind  the  hills.  This 
gap  or  defile  is  called  the  gorge  of  Le  Fay.  It  is  com- 
pressed on  the  north  by  the  extremity  of  the  ridge  of 
Brame-Farine,  and  on  the  south  by  a  very  elevated  hill 
crowned  by  five  sharp  summits,  and  bearing,  on  that 
account,  the  name  of  Les  Cinq  Pointes.  Through  the 
gorge  of  Le  Fay,  which  divides  these  hills,  admission  is 
gained  from  the  Graisivaudan  into  the  valley  of  Allevard. 

The  road  from  Allevard  to  St  Pierre  d' Allevard  lies 
over  a  plain,  enclosed  between  the  ridge  of  Brame-Farine 
and  the  higher  Alps.  This  plain  is  marshy  in  the  middle : 
the  road  leaves  the  marsh  on  the  east,  and  skirts  the  steep 
slopes  of  Brame-Farine  on  the  west.  At  its  southern  ex- 
tremity the  ridge  of  Brame-Farine  forks,  as  will  be  seen 
by  the  plan,  into  two  spurs.  From  St  Pierre  d' Allevard, 
the  road  to  Le  Cheylas  begins  to  descend,  and  winds  round 
the  base  of  the  eastern  spur  of  Brame-Farine.  The  descent 
eventually  becomes  rugged,  and  the  base  of  the  hill,  '  Les 
Cinq  Pointes,'  begins  to  approach  the  road.     The  old  path 


stated  the  distances  between  known  places,  and  a  comparison  is  made 
between  their  statements  and  the  actual  distances,  the  distances  stated  by 
them  are  invariably  found  to  be  too  great,  never  to  small." — Penny  Cyc. 
Art.  "  Stadium,"  which  see. 


HANXIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  93 

here  lies  immediately  to  the  left  of  the  carriage-road,  -which 
is  partly  cut  out  of  the  rock.  After  the  bridge  over  the 
Torrent  des  Sailhes  is  reached,  the  defile  becomes  very 
contracted.  The  modern  road  here  crosses  the  torrent  by 
a  bridge,  and  pursues  its  course  to  Goncelin,  the  rocks 
having  been  blasted  to  gain  a  passage  for  it.  After  passing 
under  this  bridge  the  torrent  begins  to  sink  in  a  rift,  and 
is  soon  lost  in  a  deep  and  narrow  trench,  bounded  on  both 
sides  by  sheer  precipices,  between  which  it  flows  for  a  full 
mile,  until  it  emerges  into  the  Graisivaudan  at  Le  Cheylas. 
Two  roads  branch  off,  along  the  extremity  of  the  western 
spur  of  Brame-Farine,  from  the  bridge  over  the  torrent. 
The  first  and  most  direct  is  a  footpath,  which  keeps  along 
the  edge  of  the  precipices ;  the  second,  a  cart-road,  con- 
structed higher  up  the  face  of  the  declivity,  and  avoiding', 
at  the  expense  of  a  slight  ascent  and  subsequent  descent, 
the  dangers  of  the  precipices.  The  foot-path,  the  shortest 
and  most  natural  way,  would  be  the  earliest  road.  For 
about  a  quarter  of  a  mile  from  the  bridge  it  lies  over 
a  small  tract  of  nearly  level  ground,  crossing  a  little 
stream  on  its  way.  The  projecting  edge  of  the  western 
spur  of  lirame-Farine  then  forces  it  to  the  edge  of  the 
precipices,  and  for  half  a  mile  it  is  obliged  to  skirt  them 
closely,  and  frequently  to  run  along  their  very  brink.  A  fc 
length  it  is  enabled  to  turn  away  from  this  dangerous 
vicinity,  and  to  descend,  by  a  long  and  winding  course, 
down  the  western  slopes  of  Brame-Farine,  to  Le  Cheylas. 

Here,  then,  in  the  gorge  of  Le  Fay,  we  find  a  defile 
existing  at  the  first  commencement  of  the  ascent  to  the 
Alps.  Its  character  also,  and  the  nature  of  its  vicinity, 
will  prove,  upon  examination,  to  be  in  accordance  with  the 
requisitions  of  Polybius'  narrative.      For 

(1)  The  defile  must  be  commanded  by  certain  heights 
of  considerable  elevation. 

These  heights  are  those  of  Brame-Farine'.  The  gene- 
ral character  of  this  ridge  is  that  of  an  exceedingly  stoop 
elope,    partly    covered   with    brusii-wood,   and    partly  witli 


^  The  lioiglita  oominandiii?  tlio  dcfilo  ;iro  callml  by  Livy  "tumuli," 
(i.  0.  liills  as  dibtinguislicd  from  mountains.)  It  will  bo  Bccn  that  tho 
heights  of  Brarao-Farine  arc  of  this  nature. 


94  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OP  THE  ALPS. 

grass.  Some  more  level  tracts  than  usual  are,  however, 
under  cultivation.  The  ridge,  as  previously  mentioned, 
forks,  at  its  southern  extremity,  (marked  D  on  the  plan) 
into  two  spurs.  From  D,  the  ridge-line  of  the  eastern  spur 
descends  to  a,  and  then  expands  into  a  small  level  tract 
A,  the  most  commanding  portion  on  the  heights.  The 
ridge-line  of  the  western  spur  also  eventually  expands  into 
a  similar  tract  B  ;  but  this  tract  is  considerably  lower  than 
A,  and  is  commanded  by  it.  A  rapid  descent  intervenes 
between  the  tract  B,  and  another  piece  of  level  ground  C, 
on  which  stands  a  group  of  cottages.  From  C,  short  steep 
slopes  descend  to  the  foot-path  running  along  the  edge  of 
the  precipices  beneath. 

These  heights  are  accessible  by  various  tracks.  One 
of  them  is  traced  upon  the  plan.  By  this  path  it  is  a  walk 
of  about  three  quarters  of  an  hour,  up  a  steep  ascent,  from 
St  Pierre  d'Allevard  to  the  point  «,  the  northern  extremity 
of  the  level  tract  A.  From  a  it  is  a  descent  of  nearly  half 
an  hour,  along  the  sides  of  rapid  slopes,  to  6,  on  the  edge 
of  the  tract  B.  From  h  to  the  group  of  cottages  is  another 
descent  of  about  twenty  minutes.  The  old  foot-path 
through  the  defile  lies  at  a  short  distance  below  this  group 
of  cottages. 

From  these  measurements  of  time  it  will  be  seen,  that 
the  heights  A  and  B,  commanding  the  defile,  are  of  con- 
siderable elevation.  The  level  tract  A,  the  most  important 
of  the  two  positions  A  and  B,  can,  indeed,  hardly  be  less 
than  1500  feet  above  the  Graisivaudan. 

(2)  These  heights  must  not  be  easily  accessible  from 
below  the  defile. 

From  the  side  of  the  Graisivaudan  these  heights 
are  certainly  not  easily  accessible,  especially  the  more 
commanding  of  the  two  posts,  that  marked  A.  But  from 
the  valley  of  Allevard  this  post  is  much  more  readily 
gained,  both  as  being  nearer,  and  as  requiring  an  ascent, 
of  which  the  perpendicular  elevation  is  considerably  less. 

(3)  The  way  through  the  defile  must  skirt  in  some 
place  the  edge  of  a  precipice. 

It  has  been  already  mentioned,  that  the  foot-path  from 
Le  Cheylas  through  the  gorge  of  Le  Fay  skirts  the  edge  of 
a  precipice  for  a  distance  of  about  half  a  mile. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  95 

(4)  Immediately  below  the  defile  must  be  found  a 
place  where  an  army  as  numerous  as  that  of  Hannibal 
could  encamp. 

The  Graisivaudan,  from  Grenoble  to  Pont  Charra,  is  a 
broad  and  level  vale  throughout.  On  the  ground  between 
Le  Cheylas  and  Goncelin,  Hannibal  might  encamp  without 
difficulty. 

(5)  This  place  of  encampment  should  be  visible  from 
the  heights  commanding  the  defile. 

From  the  heights  A,  a  large  part  of  the  country  be- 
tween Goncelin  and  Le  Cheylas  is  visible,  as  well  as  the 
western  part  of  the  Graisivaudan  down  to  Grenoble.  From 
the  position  B  the  rest  of  the  eastern  side  of  the  Graisi- 
vaudan is  visible  in  addition. 

(6)  Above  the  defile,  and  near  it,  must  be  found  an 
open  district,  where  a  town  either  stands,  or  might  have 
stood,  and  where  an  army  such  as  that  of  Hannibal's  could 
have  encamped. 

Such  an  open  district  is  the  valley  of  Allevard.  Its 
length,  reckoning  from  St  Pierre  d' Allevard  to  the  Savoy- 
ard frontier,  is  nearly  six  miles.  Its  breadth  is  about  half 
an  hour's  walk  from  side  to  side^  The  town  which  Han- 
nibal took  would  probably  be  where  Allevard,  the  chief 
place  in  the  district,  now  stands.  Polybius  calls  this  town 
TToAts,  which  would  lead  us  to  infer  that  it  was  a  place  of 
some  importance  in  the  country  of  the  Allobroges,  where 
Hannibal  then  was.  Livy  mentions  it  as  being  the  capital 
of  the  district.  It  would  therefore  either  be  the  chief 
town  of  the  Allobroges,  then  perhaps  a  smaller  tribe  than 
that  which  afterwards  bore  this  name,  or  else  the  chief 
town  of  one  of  the  districts  into  which  their  country  was 
divided,  the  capital  of  one  of  the  smaller  tribes  which 
together  composed  the  whole  people.  That  the  chief  town 
of  an  Allobrogic  district  should  have  been  situated  at 
Allevard  seems  probable,  both  from  the  present  importance 
of  the  place,  and  from  its  appearing  to  preserve,  in  its  own 
name,  that  of  the  Allobroges*. 


1  Ornde  du  Visitcnr  an  paijs  (V Allevard. 

2  Tho  root  of  tho  latter  part  of  tlic  name  of  the  Allobroges,  called 


96  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

Having  now  shewn  the  accordance  of  the  character  of 
the  gorge  of  Le  Fay,  and  of  its  neighbourhood,  with  the 
requirements  of  Polybius'  narrative,  it  may  be  advisable, 
before  proceeding  further,  to  obviate  an  objection  which 
might  be  raised  against  considering  Le  Cheylas  as  lying 
at  the  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  Alps.  It  might 
be  said  that  as,  from  the  extremity  of  the  Graisivaudan, 
near  Voreppe,  a  point  about  30  miles  below  Le  Cheylas,  the 
road  has  lain  through  a  valley  bounded  on  both  sides  by 
mountains,  the  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  Alps, 
Yi  Trpos,  Tds*'AX7r6ts  ai'aj3oXr],  Ought  to  be  fixed  there.  Yet 
*  the  commencement  of  the  ascent  of  the  Alps'  need  not 
signify  the  geographical  commencement  of  that  mountain- 
system,  but  the  point  where  the  route  first  begins  to  ascend 
the  mountains.  Indeed,  the  term  is  much  more  applicable 
to  a  locality  of  the  latter  kind.  Now  the  route  up  the 
wide  and  level  vale  of  Graisivaudan  has  nothing  of  a  moun- 
tainous nature.  It  is  at  Le  Cheylas,  where  Hannibal  is 
supposed  to  have  left  the  Isere,  and  turned  off  to  Allevard, 
that  the  character  of  the  way  changes  abruptly  from  level 
to  mountainous ;  so  that  the  commencement  of  the  ascent 
is  here  definitely  marked.  Besides,  the  mountains  on  the 
right  bank  of  the  Isere  are  not  properly  the  Alps,  but  the 
Chartreuse  mountains,  a  group  perfectly  isolated  from  the 
Alps  by  the  valley  of  Chambery  and  the  Graisivaudan. 
Neither  does  Polybius  seem  to  have  considered  them  as  a 
part  of  the  Alps ;  for,  having  occasion  to  mention  them  in 
his  description  of  the  Island,  he  speaks  of  them  indefinitely 
as  opy],  and  as  if  they  were  unconnected  with  the  Alps  and 
the  Alpine  route.  In  fact,  the  mountains  to  the  east 
or   south-east   of  the   valley  of  Allevard   are  at   present 


Allobriges  by  Polybius,  is  the  frequently  recurring  Celtic  word  brig, 
which,  under  the  forms  briga,  or  brica,  appears  as  the  termination  of  the 
names  of  a  great  number  of  ancient  towns  in  Gaul  and  Spain.  That 
Allevard  should  be  a  corruption  of  AUobriga  or  Allobrica,  or  some 
similar  word,  is  not  improbable.  The  ancient  name  of  Briancon,  Brig- 
antio,  or  Brig-antium,  is  found  in  Ammianus  Marcellinus  as  Virg-antia, 
or  Verg-antium.  The  name  of  the  ancient  Tala-brica,  also,  has  becomo 
corrupted  into  the  modern  Tala-vera;  and  the  ancient  Baudo-brica,  (or 
Bonto-hrica)  on  the  Rhine,  is  now  identified  with  the  modern  Bop  part. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  97 

spoken  of  as  being  the  'first'  of  the  Alps,  'les  premieres 
montagnes  alpines'  ;'  so  that  when  Hannibal  ascended,  by 
the  gorge  of  Le  Fay,  to  the  valley  of  Allevard,  through  the 
chain  of  hills  intervening  between  that  valley  and  the  Grai- 
sivaudan,  it  might  be  said  of  him,  with  perfect  accuracy, 
that  he  then  tjp^uTo  rfj^  tt^oos  Td9''AX7rets  ava(io\ri<S' 

When  Hannibal  first  entered,  or  approached,  the  country 
of  the  Allobroges,  they  were  afraid  of  attacking  him, 
partly  on  account  of  his  cavalry,  and  partly  on  account 
of  the  escort  of  the  men  of  the  Island,  who  guarded  the 
rear  of  the  Carthaginians.  Now  the  vale  of  Graisivaudan, 
from  Grenoble  to  Le  Cheylas,  being  perfectly  level,  is 
quite  adapted  throughout  to  the  action  of  cavalry,  so  that 
the  Allobroges  would  never  venture  to  descend  from  the 
hills,  and  fall  upon  Hannibal's  line  of  march.  The  ambus- 
cade they  projected  in  the  defile  leading  to  Allevard  Avas  a 
surer  method  of  destroying  the  Carthaginians.  From  the 
difficulties  of  the  road,  and  the  manner  in  which  it  winds, 
throughout  the  whole  distance  from  Le  Cheylas  to  Alle- 
vard, either  up,  or  along  the  base  of  the  acclivities  of 
Brame-Farine,  with  steep  slopes,  precipices,  rugged  ground, 
or  marshes  on  its  other  side ; — on  account  of  these  disad- 
vantages, and  the  centrical  position  and  unassailable  nature 
of  the  commanding  heights  of  Brame-Farine,  an  army, 
marching  from  Le  Cheylas  to  Allevard,  would  have  been 
brought  into  imminent  danger  of  destruction  by  an  attack 
from  the  heights,  every  point  in  the  long  line  of  march 
being  exposed  to  assault. 

Such  a  destructive  attack  was  projected  by  the  Allo- 
broges :  but  Hannibal  had  become  aware  of  their  plans, 
and  took  measures  to  frustrate  them.  On  the  evening  of 
the  eighth  day  after  leaving  the  confluence  of  the  Bhone 
and  the  Istre,  the  Carthaginians,  having  advanced  from 
their  previous  position,  in  full  view  of  the  Allobroges  on 
the  heights,  encamped  on  the  i)lain  between  Le  Cheylas 
and  Goncelin,  before  the  entrance  of  the  defile.  As  night 
drew  on,  the  camp-fires  were  lighted,  and  were  observed 

*  Quide  du  Visiteur  uu  pot/s  d' Allevard. 


98  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS. 

by  the  Allobroges  from  their  posts  on  the  hills,  who,  con- 
cluding that  no  further  movement  was  meditated  by  Han- 
nibal, withdrew  from  the  heights  to  the  neighbouring  town 
of  Allevard.  But  Hannibal,  previously  aware  that  the 
Gauls  would  withdraw,  selected  a  body  of  active  and  lightly- 
equipped  men,  passed  through  the  gorge,  along  the  edge 
of  the  precipices,  in  the  dead  of  night,  and  seized  upon 
the  heights  which  the  Allobroges  had  abandoned.  Han- 
nibal himself  would  probably  choose  for  his  own  post  the 
eastern  heights',  from  whence  Allevard  is  seen,  and  the 
most  comprehensive  view  of  the  route  obtained.  Having 
thus  gained  possession  of  the  heights,  the  Carthaginians 
took  up  their  position  upon  them,  and  waited  for  the  day. 

When  morning  dawned,  the  Allobroges  prepared  to 
return  from  Allevard  to  their  former  posts,  but  were 
seized  with  dismay  for  a  time,  when  they  perceived  that 
they  had  been  occupied  during  the  night  by  the  Cartha- 
ginians. Nothing,  however,  Avould  have  prevented  the 
Gauls  from  advancing  towards  the  defile,  and  watching  the 
progress  of  events.  They  might,  without  incurring  much 
danger  of  molestation  on  the  part  of  Hannibal,  have 
occupied  the  ground  to  the  south-east  and  south  of  the 
road,  from  St  Pierre  d' Allevard  to  Les  Cinq  Pointes,  or 
even  have  advanced  along  the  loAver  slopes  of  the  eastern 
spur  of  Brame-Parine,  and  have  collected  to  the  north  of 
the  road  leading  through  the  defile.  For  Hannibal,  be- 
sides being  at  a  considerable  distance  from  the  Allobroges, 
could  not  fall  upon  them  from  above  without  leaving  the 
heights  open  to  recapture  from  the  side  of  Allevard. 

At  length  the  leading  columns  of  the  Carthaginian 
army,  the  cavalry  and  baggage-animals,  began  to  appear, 
making  their  way  in  a  long  line  through  the  defile,  and 
much  embarrassed  by  the  difficulties  of  the  ground.  The 
Allobroges  were  unable  to  resist  the  opportunity  which 
the  defenceless  state  of  their  enemy  seemed  to  aflTord 
them,  and  fell  upon  the  line  of  march  at  many  points.  By 
these  attacks  the  Carthaginians  sustained  severe  losses. 
A  number   of  horses  and  baggage-animals,  as  well  as  the 


1  Those  marked  A  in  the  Plan. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS.  99 

men  with  them,  fell  into  the  hands  of  the  AUobroges,  and 
were  carried  off  to  their  town.  Nearly  all,  probably,  be- 
came captive,  who  had  passed  the  line  of  precipices,  and 
were  ascending  the  rugged  ground  towards  St  Pierre 
d'Allevard.  Attracted  by  the  hopes  of  spoil,  the  greater 
part  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  town  issued  out  to  join  in 
the  attack,  and  the  town  itself  was  left  with  comparatively 
few  occupants. 

The  foremost  columns  of  the  Carthaginian  army  having 
been  thus  cut  off,  the  Allobroges  attempted  to  destroy  the 
rest  in  detail,  as  they  made  their  way  along  the  edge  of 
the  precipices.  Taking  possession  of  a  small  plateau  imme- 
diately above  this  part  of  the  road\  they  directed  their 
attacks  upon  the  Carthaginians  beneath.  Numbers  of  the 
baggage-animals  were  thus  destroyed,  rolling  with  their 
burdens  down  the  precipices  by  the  side  of  the  road.  The 
loss  was  much  increased  by  the  horses  of  the  cavalry, 
which,  becoming  unruly  in  consequence  of  the  wounds 
they  received,  created  great  confusion  in  the  line  of  march, 
and  threw  the  whole  column  into  disarray. 

Hannibal  saw  from  above  the  gradual  destruction  of 
his  army,  and  determined  to  charge  down  from  the  heights 
upon  the  Allobroges,  and  attempt  to  preserve  the  re- 
mainder of  his  baggage,  on  which  the  subsequent  safety  of 
the  army  depended.  Accordingly,  accompanied  by  the 
men  who  had  seized  the  heights  in  the  night,  he  descended 
from  above,  and  fell  upon  the  enemy-.  Attacked  at  a  dis- 
advantage, in  consequence  of  Hannibal's  charging  them 
from  the  heights,  the  Allobroges  were  defeated,  and 
obliged  to  give  way.  Borne  back  towards  the  precipices, 
they  were  thrown  upon  the  Carthaginian  column  of  march 
beneath  them,  and  involved  them  in  their  own  fate.  The 
success  of  Hannibal  was  thus  inevitably  attended  with  the 
destruction  of  part  of  his  own  army.      By  no  other  means, 


1  Marked  C  in  the  Plan. 

2  The  group  of  cottages  on  the  plateau  niarketl  C  would  bo  tlio  point 
about  which  the  contest  was  hottest.  Hannibal  would  probably  descend 
in  a  direction  represented  by  the  footpath  marked  on  the  Plan  along 
tho  heights. 


100  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

however,  could  the  safety  of  the  remainder  have  been 
assured,  and  the  sacrifice  was  therefore  made.  The  greater 
part  of  the  Allobroges  were  either  slain  by  the  sword,  or 
driven  down  the  precipices :  the  few  survivors  of  the  con- 
flict turned  and  fled  to  their  own  town,  or  dispersed  them- 
selves among  the  surrounding  mountains. 

Hannibal,  however,  gave  his  enemies  no  time  to  recover 
themselves.  No  sooner  was  the  battle  terminated,  than  he 
collected  together  as  many  of  his  scattered  troops  as  he 
could,  and  marched  directly  upon  the  town  of  the  Allo- 
broges, while  the  rest  of  his  army  was  making  its  way 
through  the  defile.  The  town  was  enabled  to  offer  no 
effectual  resistance,  (for  it  was  very  nearly  empty)  and  fell 
at  once  into  the  hands  of  Hannibal.  By  its  capture  he 
recovered  possession  of  his  own  horses,  baggage-animals, 
and  men,  who  had  been  carried  off"  by  the  Allobroges  at 
the  commencement  of  the  contest,  and  obtained  a  supply 
of  provisions  for  his  army,  sufficient  for  two  or  three  days' 
consumption.  The  fugitive  Allobroges  also,  dispersed  in 
the  neighbouring  districts,  diffused  such  terror  among  the 
inhabitants  by  the  story  of  their  defeat,  as  to  make  them 
very  cautious  of  molesting  the  Carthaginians.  When  Han- 
nibal was  next  attacked,  it  was  not  by  open  hostility,  but 
by  a  previously  concerted  system  of  treachery  \ 


The  fourth  condition  which  has  been  deduced  from  the 
history  of  Polybius,  is  the  following  : 

IV.  At  a  place  nearly  half-way,  in  point  of  time, 
between  the  town  of  the  Allobroges  and  the  summit  of 
the  pass,  a  certain  'strong  white  rock'  must  be  found; 
and  the  adjacent  country  must  be  in  accordance  with  the 
events  which  are  recorded  by  Polybius  to  have  taken 
place  in  the  neighbourhood  of  this  rock. 

In  point  of  distance,  St  Jean  de  Maurienne  lies  half- 
way between  Allevard  and  the  lake  on  the  summit  of  the 


1  A  good  general  view  of  the  supposed  scene  of  the  contest  with  the 
Allobroges  is  gained  from  the  modern  road  between  Goncelin  and  Alle- 
vard, shortly  before  it  arrives  at  the  bridge  over  the  Torrent  dcs  Sailhos, 
on  its  way  from  Goncelin. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  101 

Mont  Cenis,  being  about  40  English  miles  from  each. 
In  point  of  time,  however,  the  half-way  point  must  be 
placed  somewhat  above  St  Jean,  as  the  difficulties  of  the 
way  are  much  greater  above  than  below,  and  Hannibal 
would  have  marched  most  quickly  in  the  Lower  INIaurienne 
and  the  valley  of  La  Eochette,  where,  in  addition  to  the 
comparative  easiness  of  the  ground,  his  march  was  also 
unimpeded  by  any  aggression  on  the  part  of  the  inha- 
bitants. The  '  strong  white  rock,'  consequently,  being 
nearly,  but  not  quite,  half-way,  in  point  of  time,  between 
the  town  and  the  summit  of  the  pass,  must  be  sought, 
either  in  the  immediate  neighbourhood  of  St  Jean  de 
Maurienne,  or  a  little  above. 

It  is  found  accordingly  between  six  and  seven  miles 
above  St  Jean,  immediately  beyond  St  Martin  de  la 
Porte,  being,  in  fact,  the  great  rock  of  Baune,  already 
mentioned,  (p.  83)  as  putting  a  sudden  termination  to  the 
open  valley  extending  from  St  Jean  to  St  Martin.  This 
rock  seems  to  possess  the  characteristics  of  the  Xeu/coVe- 
Tpov  6-)(yp6v  of  Polybius,  that  is  to  say,  to  form  a  pro- 
minent feature  in  the  country,  and  to  be  remarkable  for 
its  whiteness  and  (military)  strength'. 

The  rock  of  Baune  is  first  seen,  from  a  distance  of 
about  seven  miles,  on  the  approach  to  St  Jean  do  INIau- 
rienne  from  the  lower  valley ;  and  it  forms  the  great 
feature  in  the  neighbourhood  of  St  Michel  and  St  Martin 
de  la  Porte.  From  the  old  road  by  La  Traverse  its 
appearance  is  also  particularly  striking.  It  owes  this 
conspicuous  character,  not  only  to  its  great  size,  but  also 
to  its  singularly  isolated  character.  It  projects,  as  before 
observed,  for  a  length  of  about  three-quarters  of  a  mile, 
from  the  sides  of  the  mountains  on  the  north  of  the 
valley,  across  which  it  completely  extends,  only  leaving 
l)etwcen  the  clifF  in  which  it  terminates  and  the  moun- 
tains  opposite,    a   narrow  gorge,   or    *  etranglement,'  just 


1  The  subject  of  this  X< v/coVf r/jot'  might  possibly  bo  illustrated,  if  an 
accurate  description  of  the  promontory  of  Leucopetriv,  now  Capo  dell' 
Armi,  in  Calabria,  could  bo  obtained.  1  have  not  been  able  to  meet 
with  one. 


102  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

sufficient  for  the  passage  of  the  Are.  Its  height  is  pro- 
bably about  500  or  600  feet,  the  summit  being  a  kind  of 
long  irregular  plateau,  about  200  yards  broad.  Its  southern 
extremity  is  a  lofty  precipice,  springing  naturally  from  the 
river,  but  now  blasted  to  afford  a  passage  for  the  road. 
Its  eastern  and  western  faces  are  likewise  abrupt,  both 
being  long  ranges  of  absolute  precipice,  which  render  the 
summit  of  the  rock  completely  inaccessible  from  either 
side.  On  the  north  it  is  also  inaccessible,  except  at  one 
point.  Here  the  defile  of  La  Porte  perfectly  isolates  it  in 
its  upper  part  from  the  sides  of  the  mountains  on  the 
north,  to  which  its  lower  part  is  attached.  Towards  this 
defile  the  Rock  of  Baune  presents  a  fourth  precipitous  side. 
It  is  only  from  the  north-eastern  corner  of  the  rock,  after 
having  gained  the  highest  point  of  the  defile,  marked  by  a 
cross,  and  elevated  perhaps  300  or  400  feet  above  the  Arc, 
that  it  is  possible  to  reach  the  plateau  on  the  summit  of 
the  rock. 

It  will  easily  be  seen,  from  these  details,  that  the  Rock 
of  Baune  forms  a  great  feature  in  the  country,  and  is  of  a 
particularly  inaccessible  nature.  Indeed  its  adaptation 
for  a  stronghold  renders  the  term  6-)(ypov  particularly  appli- 
cable to  it.  Had  it  stood  in  ancient  Greece  it  might  have 
sustained  an  acropolis.  Its  claim  to  the  title  of  a  XevKo- 
Trerpov,  though  more  liable  to  be  disregarded,  is  no  less 
well  founded ;  for  its  whiteness,  if  not  a  striking,  is  a 
peculiar  and  distinctive  characteristic  of  this  rock.  It  is, 
indeed,  only  the  northern  half  of  its  eastern  face  which 
is  composed  of  rock  either  absolutely  white,  or  of  a  tint  so 
nearly  approaching  to  whiteness  that  it  may  be  called 
Avhite^  In  the  southern  half  of  the  eastern  face  of  the 
rock,  and  in  the  whole  of  the  western  face,  the  colour 
is  grey.  The  presence  of  the  white  portion  of  the  rock  is 
also  the  more  liable  to  escape  notice,  in  consequence  of  its 
being  considerably  discoloured  by  the  weather,  and  par- 
tially  concealed   by  vegetation.     It  might  only  be  from 


1  Specimens  of  this  rock,  submitted  to  examination,  have  proved  it 
to  bo  gypsum.  Somo  of  it  is  perfectly  white ;  other  portions  are  of  a 
pinkish  white. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS.  103 

certain  situations,  La  Traverse  for  instance,  that  the  light- 
ness of  its  colour  would  be  so  remarkable  as  to  strike  par- 
ticularly the  attention  of  an  ordinary  traveller. 

Yet,  though  the  greater  part  of  the  Rock  is  not  white, 
its  Avhiteness  is,  nevertheless,  one  of  its  peculiarities.  The 
reason  is  this :  all  the  surrounding  mountains  are  composed 
of  grey  rock  of  a  dark  hue.  The  white  stratum,  which 
crops  out  here  through  the  grey,  only  appears  in  the  Rock 
of  Baune,  and  in  the  eminence  immediately  on  the  other 
side  of  the  defile  of  La  Porte.  But  this  eminence  is  of  an 
unimportant  character,  and  forms  no  feature  in  the  country. 
The  only  one  of  the  great  masses  of  rock  in  this  neigh- 
bourhood, distinguished  from  the  rest  by  its  whiteness,  is 
the  Rock  of  Baune.  Some  of  the  surrounding  mountains 
exhibit  enormous  surfaces  of  naked  rock.  The  precipitous 
mountain  rising  from  the  valley  directly  to  the  north  of  St 
Martin  de  la  Porte,  is  one  pile  of  crag,  of  vast  height,  from 
base  to  summit.  The  bare  precipices  on  the  other  side  of 
the  Arc  are  scarcely  less  remarkable.  All  these  rocky 
masses  are  of  a  sombre  grey.  The  Rock  of  Baune,  though 
also  in  a  great  measure  of  that  colour,  is  distinguished 
from  them  in  a  singular  manner  by  its  containing  the 
white  rock,  which  protrudes  through  the  grey'. 


1  Tho  rupture  of  the  upper  strata  here,  and  the  protrusion  of  the 
lower,  a  convulsion  signalized  by  the  formation  of  tho  Rock  of  Baune, 
is  noticed  by  Prof.  A.  Sismonda,  in  his  "Meinoria  sui  terrcni  stratificati 
dellc  Alpi,"  published  in  the  "Memorio  della  Reale  Accadomia  dellc 
Bcienzo  di  Torino"  for  tho  year  1841.  The  author,  after  having  spoken 
of  the  calcareous  rocks  whicli  compose  tho  mountains  of  the  Upper 
Maurienne  nearly  as  far  down  as  Modanc,  thus  proceeds :  (p.  30) 

*  Cossando  il  calcarc,  vieno  di  nuovo  I'arenaria  modificata,  che  mi 
parvo  Bupcrioro  ad  csso,  quindi  si  entra  in  mezzo  a  monti  coperti  dello 
roccie  gia  altrovo  in  questo  scritto  indicate  come  lo  rapprescntanti  1'  Ox- 
ford clay,  ossia  il  terrono  antracitoso  suporiore.  Consistono  esse  in 
psammiti,  in  calcaro  ecistoso,  arcnario  e  poddin^lio  goneralmonto  con 
tiiita  l»it;ia  intonsa,  o  raccliiudono  dopositi  «rantracito  die  si  scava  in 
varii  punti.  Lo  roccie  di  questo  terreno  sono  rotte  sotto  (S*.  Mirhcl,  o 
no  CBco  il  calcarc,  cho  forma  poi  il  monto  coUocato  al  N.  N.  O.  del 
pacse ;  la  sua  posiziono,  cd  i  suoi  carattori  assicurano  cho  e  la  continua- 
ziono  del  potcntissimo  banco  di  Villct.  Ho  molto  detto  sull'  ordiiio  di 
Boprapposiziono  dei  dilforcnti  terrcni  fin  ([ui  nominati;  tuttavia  crcdcndo 


104.  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

The  nature  of  the  country  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the 
Rock  of  Baune  must  now  be  considered. 

The  precipitous  mountain  to  the  north  of  St  Martin  de 
la  Porte  has  ah'eady  been  noticed.  This  mountain  forms 
the  extremity  of  a  short  chain,  extending  northwards  from 
St  Martin  to  the  Mont  des  Encombres,  Avhere  it  joins 
the  chain  dividing  the  Tarentaise  from  the  Maurienne. 
This  principal  chain,  after  having  stretched  in  length,  first 
E.  and  then  S.  E.  to  the  Roche  Chateau  Bourreau,  sends 
out  a  lateral  chain  in  the  direction  of  St  Michel.     The 


cio  cosa  utilissima,  non  posso  proseguire  senza  fermarmivi  ogni  qual 
volta  pel  metodo  impiegato  in  questa  descrizione  me  ne  viene  I'occasione. 
Ho  tuttora  ricordato  che  li  psammiti,  certi  calcari  scistosi,  le  arenarie,  e 
infine  anche  certe  poddinghe  soprastanno  al  calcai'e  di  Villet,  il  quale  e 
Buperiore  al  liasse.' 

M.  Albanis  de  Beaumont,  in  his  '  Description  des  Alpes  Grecques  et 
Cottiennes,'  notices  the  closing  of  the  valley  of  the  Arc  by  the  Rock  of 
Baune,  and  conjectures  that  Hannibal  was  attacked  here  by  the  Allo- 
broges  and  their  allies.  He  speaks,  however,  only  of  the  modern  way 
by  the  side  of  the  Arc,  and  not  of  the  older  way  through  the  defile  of 
La  Porte.     The  following  is  the  passage  alluded  to  : 

'A  peu  de  distance  de  I'entree  de  cette  vallee,  (La  Combe  de  Va- 
loires)  commence  une  chaine  de  rochei's  calcaires,  dont  les  faces  sont 
abruptes,  et  qui  compriment  de  nouveau  la  vallee  de  I'Arc,  au  point 
qu'il  y  a  a  peine  de  la  place  pour  le  chemin  et  le  cours  de  la  riviere ; 
chaque  fois  que  j'ai  traverse  ce  defile,  qui  a  environ  un  mille  de  long, 
je  me  suis  rappele  ce  passage  de  Tite-Live :  ad  castrum  quod  erat  caput 
ejus  regionis,  etc.  etc.  Dans  cette  supposition,  la  ville  de  S.  Jean  seroit 
le  castrum  dont  Annibal  (qu.  Tite-Live,)  fait  mention,  et  le  defile  dont 
je  viens  de  parler,  cclui  oil  les  AUobroges  et  leurs  allies  se  mirent  en 
embuscade  pour  attaquer  Tarriere-garde  de  ce  general;  les  rochers  qui 
bordent  ce  defile  sont,  ainsi  que  j'ai  dejk  observe,  en  partie  calcaires,  et 
en  partie  sehisteux,  lis  ofFrent  meme  une  grande  variete  dans  ces  deux 
cspeces  de  pierres ;  les  unes  ont  des  couches  tres  dures  et  fort  epaisses, 
d'autres  tendres,  fissiles,  et  poreuses ;  des  troisiemes  contiennent  des 
paillettes  de  mica  vcrddtre  ou  gris  fonce,  ainsi  que  des  rognons  de  petro- 
silex,  leurs  couches  sont  inclinees  a  I'horizon  sous  un  angle  de  soixante 
dcgres ;  les  maticres  calcaires  qui  composent  ces  rochers  sont  separees 
par  des  couches  argilleuses  d'uno  grande  dureto,  qui  so  decrcpitent  en 
petits  feuillets  d'un  pouco  d'epaisscur;  cellos  qui  sont  schisteuses  se 
montrent  en  grande  masse  du  cote  de  la  rivo  gauche  de  I'Arc,  clles  re- 
posent  sur  une  roche  compacte  et  trcs  dure,  qui  no  fait  effervescence 
que  trcs  lentoment  avec  Ics  acides.'    (Vol.  n.  p.  625.) 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  105 

three  chains,  extending  in  this  manner  from  St  Martin  de 
la  Porte  to  St  Michel,  enclose  a  large  extent  of  habitable 
ground,  divided  into  two  parts  by  a  small  stream,  smik  in 
a  gully,  and  flowing  into  the  Arc  through  the  plain  of  St 
Michel,  which   lies  to   the   east  of  the    Rock   of  Baune 
Another  small  stream,  the  source  of  which  is  in  the  Mont 
des  Encombres,  flows  down  from  that  mountain  in  a  deep 
impracticable   gorge,  with  precipices   on  both   sides,    and 
forms  the  impassable  western  boundary  of  the  habitable 
ground  on  the  mountains.     This  gorge  terminates  imme- 
diately behind  St  Martin  de  la  Porte,  below  which  place 
the   stream   may  be    passed  without    any   difficulty.       io 
facilitate  the  description  of  the  country,  it  will  be  conve- 
nient to  give  names  to  the  two  divisions  of  this  tract   ot 
mountain-ground.      The   western  portion,    comprised  be- 
tween the    two   streams,    may  be   called   'the    Ridge    of 
Baune ;'  the  eastern  portion  may  be  designated  '  the  Slope 

of  La  Traverse.'  ,        .  x     .i 

A  path,  leading  from  the  valley  of  the  Arc  into  the 
Tarentaise,  runs   along  the   Ridge   of  Baune,   and  crosses 
the  chain  which  separates  the  two  provinces  by  the  Col 
des  Encombres,  a  pass  which  is  considerably   frequented. 
The   first  descent  from  this   pass  into  the   INIaurienne  is 
steep,  though  the  pasturages  reach  nearly  to  the  summit 
of  the  Col.     The  steep  descent  subsides  before  reaching 
Plan  Villard,  the  first  village  on  the  road.     From  thence 
to  Baune  the  descent  is  gradual,  lying  along  the  back  ot 
the  ridge,  here  from  about  half  a  mile  to  a  mile  broad 
At  Baune  the  ridge  separates  into  two  branches,  divided 
by  a  hollow.     The  first  and  shortest  extends  towards  St 
Martin    de    la   Porte.     The    descent    between   these  two 
places  is  quick,  through  a  scries  of  cultivated  fields.^    Ihc 
longer  branch  of  the  Ridge  of  l^aune  terminates  in   the 
Rock  of  15aunc,  which  is  cut  oif  from  the  upper  half   of 
this  arm  of  the  ridge  by  the  defile  of  La  Porte.      On  these 
upper  heights  there  stands  by  itself  a  conspicuous  chapel ; 
a  circumstance  from  which    the    heights    may  be  conve- 
niently spoken  of  as  '  the  heights  of  the  chapel. 

The  slope  of  La  Traverse  declines  at  first  very  rnpully 
from  the  crest  of  the  chain  on  the  cast ;  but,  after  a  long 


JOG  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS. 

descent,  the  steepness  abates,  and  a  plateau  or  terrace  of 
considerable  breadth  is  jaresented,  extending  in  length 
from  La  Traverse  nearly  to  Villard  Putier.  The  path 
between  these  two  places  is  on  a  level  almost  all  the  way. 
There  is  a  slight  ascent  required  on  leaving  Villard  Putier, 
and  an  equally  slight  descent  before  arriving  at  La  Tra- 
verse. This  long  plateau  between  La  Traverse  and  Vil- 
lard Putier,  may  be  called  the  '  Terrace  of  La  Traverse.' 
From  its  western  edge,  the  slope  declines  steeply  again  to 
La  Simbran  and  Villard  Bernond.  A  narrow  strip  of 
ground  is  then  left,  along  which  the  path  ascends  from 
Villard  Bernond  to  Villard  Putier.  On  the  west  this 
strip  of  ground  is  abruptly  cut  short  by  the  gully,  which 
forms  the  channel  of  the  stream  already  mentioned. 

It  is  at  St  Martin  de  la  Porte  that  the  old  road  was 
obliged  to  leave  the  valley  and  ascend  the  mountain-sides. 
From  St  Martin  it  leads  along  the  slopes  with  a  gradual 
rise  for  above  half  a  mile,  directing  its  course  towards  the 
entrance  of  the  defile  of  La  Porte.  After  crossing  the 
hollow  which  divides  the  two  arms  of  the  Ridge  of  Baune, 
it  runs  upon  the  abrupt  side  of  the  Heights  of  the  Chapel 
for  about  200  yards :  it  then  reaches  the  entrance  of  the 
defile,  the  '  Porte '  itself,  a  passage  between  the  rocks  only 
a  yard  or  two  in  breadth.  The  defile  within  the  '  Porte ' 
is  wider,  though  still  very  narrow.  Its  length  is  about  300 
yards ;  the  path  through  it  rises  all  the  way ;  and  the 
eastern  or  upper  extremity  of  the  defile  is  nearly  as  con- 
tracted as  the  western.  For  the  300  yards  through  the 
defile,  and  the  previous  200  along  the  side  of  the  Heights 
of  the  Chapel,  the  path  is  exposed  throughout  to  be  swept 
by  rocks  rolled  down  upon  it  from  the  abrupt  declivities 
of  those  heights.  On  the  side  of  the  Rock  of  Baune  the 
acclivity  is  precipitous  or  very  steep,  and  the  defile  equally 
dangerous.  On  emerging  from  the  defile,  the  path  turns 
to  the  left,  and  passes  through  Le  Village  de  la  Porte 
along  the  sides  of  a  slope,  eventually  crossing  the  gully,  a 
task  of  some  little  difficulty,  to  Villard  Bernond.  From  St 
INIartin  to  Villard  Bernond,  the  distance  is  about  a  mile 
and  a  half.  It  is  about  the  same  distance  from  Villard 
Bernond  to  La  Traverse,  a  great  ascent  being  requisite  be- 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS.  107 

tween  the  two  places.  For  nearly  half  the  distance  the 
mountain-side  is  very  steep,  and  might  be  swept  from 
above  by  rolling*  rocks.  From  La  Traverse  to  Le  Thyl 
the  way  is  nearly  on  a  level,  and  crosses  the  shoulder 
of  the  lateral  chain  extending  from  the  Roche  Chateau 
Bourreau  towards  St  Michel.  From  Le  Thyl  the  path  de- 
scends, having  ceased  to  be  flanked  by  practicable  ground 
after  leaving  the  neighbourhood  of  La  Traverse.  Beyond 
this  last  village,  which  is  also  the  termination  of  the 
ascent,  no  enemy  could  easily  collect  in  any  force  on 
the  mountain- sides  above  the  road.  The  perpendicular 
elevation  of  La  Traverse  above  the  Arc  is  probably  about 
1500  feet. 

Now  the  features  of  the  country  in  the  neighbour- 
hood of  the  'strong  white  rock,'  as  deduced  from  the 
narrative  of  Polybius,  are : 

(1)  A  difficult  and  precipitous  ravine,  through  which 
the  road  must  pass. 

This  is  found  in  the  defile  of  La  Porte,  a  narrow 
passage  to  which  the  expressions  y^apd^pa,  and  (pdpay^ 
^uafiaTos  Kui  Kptjuvco^m,  are   perfectly  applicable. 

(2)  A  range  of  acclivities  overlooking  the  road,  and 
liable  to  be  swept,  in  one  or  more  places,  by  rocks  set  in 
motion  from  above. 

For  about  three  miles,  from  St  INIartin  to  La  Traverse, 
the  road  is  flanked  by  acclivities,  a  considerable  part  of 
which,  as  mentioned  just  above,  might  be  swept  by  roll- 
ing rocks. 

(3)  A  large  extent  of  practicable  ground  above  these 
acclivities. 

This  has  been  already  shewn  to  be  the  case  in  the 
description  of  the  country. 

(4)  A  position  on  this  ground,  at  some  distance  from 
the  road,  where  20,000  men  could  be  stationed,  so  as  to 
protect  completely  the  flank  of  an  army  marching  along 
the  road  beneath,  and  such  as  would  not  expose  them- 
selves to  be  attacked  at  any  serious  disadvantage,  by  an 
enemy  lying  beyond  them  relatively  to  the  road. 

The  position  indicated  in  the  Plan  would  be  such  a 
position.     A  line  extending  across  the  back  of  the  Ixidgc 


108  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

of  Baune,  through  the  village  called  Le  Mollard,  would 
not  be  exposed  to  attack  at  any  important  disadvantage 
from  the  side  of  Plan  Villard.  The  continuation  of  this 
line  through  Villard  Putier,  and  along  the  Terrace  of  La 
Traverse,  would  also  be  exposed  to  no  serious  danger  of 
attack  from  above,  if  the  position  were  held  by  a  sufficient 
force.  The  whole  length  of  this  position,  from  behind  La 
Traverse  to  the  gorge  on  the  west  of  the  Ridge  of  Baune, 
would  exceed  two  miles,  and  might  well  require  20,000 
men  for  its  occupation.  The  whole  length  of  the  road 
from  St  Martin  to  La  Traverse  is,  it  will  be  at  once  seen, 
completely  protected  by  it.  Its  distance  from  the  road  is 
also  considerable,  being,  except  near  La  Traverse,  more 
than  a  mile. 


"When  Hannibal  had  broken  up  his  encampment  In  the 
neighbourhood  of  Allevard,  he  proceeded  on  his  march  for 
three  days  without  experiencing  any  hindrance,  but  was 
attacked  on  the  fourth  day  at  the  Rock  of  Baune.  The 
third  night  would  probably  have  been  spent  at  St  Jean  de 
Maurienne.  On  the  first  night  after  leaving  Allevard,  he 
would  reach  the  neighbourhood  of  Chamoux ;  on  the 
second,  that  of  La  Chapelle.  Now  the  entrance  of  the 
valley  of  the  Arc  is  at  La  Croix  d'Aiguebelle  :  at  this  point 
Hannibal  would,  in  all  probability,  leave  the  country  of  the 
Allobroges,  and  enter  that  of  another  tribe  ^  Accordingly, 
we  find  that  it  was  on  the  evening  of  the  first  day''s  march, 
or  the  morning  of  the  second  day's  march,  that  Hannibal 
met  the  deputation  of  the  Aljaine  Gauls ;  so  that  the  first 
night  would  naturally  have  been  spent  upon  their  frontier, 
which  they  might  cither  have  crossed  to  meet  Hannibal,  or 
else  have  awaited  his  arrival  within  their  borders.  As  the 
night,  passed  by  the  Carthaginians  near  Chamoux,  was  the 
third  after  the  capture  of  Allevard,  ample  time  would  have 
been  given  for  the  news  of  the  defeat  of  the  Allobroges  to 
have  reached  the  Lower  Maurienne,  especially  if  the  intel- 


I  Tlio  lower  valley  of  the  Arc  seems  to  have  been  inhabited,  in  the 
time  of  the  Romans,  by  a  tribe  called  Garocoli  or  Mo  luUi. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  109 

liMnce  was  brought  by  fugitives  across   the    mountains. 
The  approach  of  the  Carthaginians  might  eas.ly  have  been 
known  at  St  Jean  de  Mauricnne,  probably  the  eh.ef  town 
of  the  tribe    in  the  middle  of  the  day  during  which  Han- 
^M  remained  at  AUevard.     On  that  day  the  Gauls  m.gM 
have  determined  on  their  measures,  and  resolved  to  send 
tl"  deputation    to  meet   Hannibal      The    follo«^g  day 
Hannibal  began  his  march  from  AUevard,  and  the  Ga  ho 
STputatton,  probably,  left  St  Jean.     On  the  evemng  of  the 
same  day,  the  GaiUs  and  Carthaginians  perhaps  met  :jear 
cTamoux    about  27  English  miles  from  St  Jean  de  Mau- 
rieme    a,d  14  from  AUevard;  or  else,  as  seems  more  pro- 
bable the  conference  may  have  taken  place  on  «-  fo  lowmg 
morn  no-.    At  this  meeting  a  treaty  was  made  between  the 
"vo  partes,  and  Hannibal  began  to  enter    nto    he  lower 
vluey  of  the  Are,  the  territory  of  the  Galhc  tribe  whose 
pnvovs  he  had  received.  i    ivr 

T„  two  days  more  Hannibal  reached  St  Jean  de  Mau- 
rienne;    and,   on    the    morning   of  the    fourth  day  after 
a    1  Alle;ard,  began  his  march  from  St  Jean  t^irough 
StTulicn  towards  the  defile  of  La  Porte.    A  band  of  Gauls 
led  the  way  in  the  van,  and  other  bands  followed  lu  the 
rear    where  a  large  nmnbcr  of  men  was  now  eoleeted. 
The'  gathering  together  of  these  last  bands  had  made 
ZnLl   extremely  suspicious  of  the  inten  .cms   o        e 
Gauls    and  ho  therefore  placed  his  heavy  infantiy  in  the 
^ear    to  repel  any  attack  in  that  quarter.     His  apprchen- 
I^nns  for  the  safety  of  tiie  van  of  his  army  do  not  seem  to 
ave  beei  grea     'perhaps  the  band  of  Gauls  which  led  the 
;ty  was  a^small  one;  and  Hannibal  would  not  have  been 
able  to  see  that  there  were  others,  as  was  probably  the 
ca  e   vai  iiigto  join  them  on  the  heights  tow.-vrds  the  CoUles 
E,  :;mbrcs°  liid  all  the  Carthaginian  in<^">try  been  in  the 
van  and  centre,  and  the  baggage  and  cavalry  in  the  lea      1  e 
Co  of  march  might  have  been  cut  through  by  an  attack 
from  the  heights  of  ISauno  and  La  Traverse,   he  van  of  the 
ally  isolated  from  the  rear,  if  not  overwhelmed,  and  all 
the  cavalry  and  baggage  probably  taken  "'•  f  f '-X 's'trous 
The  result  of  the  attack  was  not.  however,  so  d.sastious 
to  the  Carthaginians.    Wl.eii  the  Gauls  at  length  fell  upon 


110  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

the  rear,  which  they  probably  did  between  St  Julien  and  St 
Martin  de  la  Porte,  they  were  able  to  make  no  impression 
on  the  heavy  infantry  of  Hannibal.  The  valley  is  here 
open,  though  rather  broken  and  irregular ;  so  that  the 
heavy  infantry  would  fight  at  no  great  disadvantage  on 
account  of  the  ground,  while  their  superior  weapons  and 
military  skill  would  be  sufficient  to  turn  the  scale  in  their 
favour.  The  position  they  took  up  would  perhaps  be  a 
little  to  the  east  of  a  small  hamlet  called  Crozat.  Here 
their  left  might  rest  on  the  Arc,  and  their  right  upon  the 
side  of  a  mountain  rising  in  sheer  precipices,  along  which 
it  would  be  impossible  for  an  enemy  to  move  and  turn 
their  position.  Drawn  up  thus  across  the  valley,  they 
would  resist  with  success  all  the  efforts  of  the  Gauls  in 
the  rear. 

While  the  Carthaginians  thus  repulsed  the  enemy  upon 
their  rear,  the  leading  columns,  composed  of  cavalry  and 
baggage-animals,  were  destroyed  by  an  attack  on  their 
flank.  How  far  the  Gauls  allowed  the  Carthaginians  to 
proceed  along  the  mountain-road  between  St  Martin  and 
La  Traverse  is  uncertain.  All  that  left  St  Martin  were 
probably  overwhelmed,  either  crushed  beneath  rocks  rolled 
down  the  steep  declivities,  or  killed  by  great  stones,  Avhich 
the  Gauls,  descending  the  more  gentle  slopes,  would  be 
enabled  to  hurl  at  them  from  a  distance  of  a  few  yards. 
The  rest  of  the  horses  and  other  animals  would  be  obliged 
to  remain  at  St  Martin  de  la  Porte,  until  the  passage  of  the 
defile,  and  the  road  along  the  mountains,  could  be  made 
secure. 

The  safety  of  the  rear  being  by  this  time  assured, 
Hannibal  was  enabled  to  execute  in  person  an  attack  upon 
the  heights  near  the  defile  of  La  Porte.  An  attack  di- 
rected immediately  upon  the  defile  was  not  likely  to  have 
been  attended  with  success,  the  '  Porte '  being  merely  a 
narrow  gap  in  a  very  steep  ridge.  The  first  point  to  be 
captured  Avould  be  the  ground  about  the  village  of  Baune, 
where  the  arm  of  the  ridge,  which  forms  the  Heights  of  the 
Chapel  and  the  Rock  of  Baune,  branches  off  from  the  main 
heights.  Though  it  is  a  continuous  ascent  from  St  Martin 
to  Baune,  yet  the  ground  is  not  difficult,  and  Hannibal's 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  Ill 

light  infantry,  being  in  great  force,  avouIcI  eventually  suc- 
ceed, though  not  without  loss,  in  driving  back  the  Gauls. 
The  capture  of  Baune  would  give  Hannibal  possession  of 
the  Rock  of  Baune  and  the  Heights  of  the  Chapel ;  for 
neither  of  these  positions,  lying  below  Baune,  could  be 
defended  against  a  superior  force  with  any  chance  of  success. 
The  Gauls,  who  had  previously  held  them,  would  be 
obliged  to  retreat  in  the  first  instance  to  Villard  Bernond, 
and  then  to  Villard  Putier  or  La  Traverse ;  for  Villard 
Bernond  lies  below  Baune,  and  the  gully  in  front  of  it 
would  not  be  a  sufficient  protection  against  the  Car- 
thaginians. The  Gauls,  whom  Hannibal  had  driven  from 
Baune  would  probably  retire  towards  Le  Mollard. 

The  capture  of  Baune  would  ensure  a  safe  march  for 
the  rest  of  the  army  from  St  Martin  to  the  gully.  To 
protect  the  rest  of  the  line  of  road,  from  the  gully  near 
Villard  Bernond  to  I^a  Traverse  and  Le  Thyl,  the  posses- 
sion of  the  Terrace  of  La  Traverse  is  also  necessar3\  The 
way  to  carry  this  terrace  from  Baune  seems  evident.  It 
would  be  necessary  to  advance  along  the  Ridge  of  Baune 
as  far  as  the  neighbourhood  of  Le  Mollard,  then  to  cross 
the  gully,  not  difficult  of  passage  in  this  place,  to  Villard 
Putier,  and  finally  to  march  from  Villard  Putier  towards 
La  Traverse,  thus  taking  possession  of  the  Terrace.  To 
this  movement  from  Baune,  the  Gauls  could  have  offered 
no  effectual  opposition.  They  would  have  been  obliged  to 
evacuate  Le  Mollard,  Villard  Putier,  and  La  Traverse,  as 
Hannibal  approached,  and  retire  towards  the  higher  ground. 
All  the  heights  commanding  the  road  having  been  thus 
gained  by  the  Carthaginians,  Hannibal  would  encamp 
along  the  line  represented  in  the  Plan,  having  the  Gauls 
above  him,  and  completely  protecting  the  road  beneath 
from  any  attack  on  their  part.  In  this  position  on  the 
heights,  more,  as  already  mentioned,  than  two  miles  ia 
Icngtli,  the  half  of  the  Carthaginian  army  may  be  supposed 
to  have  been  stationed. 

By  the  time  the  heights  had  been  carried,  the  evening 
had  probably  almost  fallen :  but  Hannibal  did  not  wait  for 
day  to  witlulraw  the  rest  of  his  army  from  the  valley  to  the 
high  ground.      During  the  night  the  Carthaginians  passed 


112  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS. 

through  the  defile  of  La  Porte,  and  by  the  morning  of  the 
next  day,  but  not  before,  they  had  all  ascended  to  La 
Traverse,  the  first  columns  having  perhaps  proceeded  further 
on  their  Avay.  The  safety  of  the  Carthaginians  was  now 
assured :  the  Gauls  had  no  longer  any  opportunity  or  incli- 
nation of  offering  them  further  molestation,  and  retired 
from  the  contest.  They  may,  perhaps,  seeing  their  posi- 
tions lost,  have  retreated  in  the  night.  On  the  fifth  day 
Hannibal  rejoined  the  rest  of  his  army,  and  resumed 
his  march  ^ 

During  the  remainder  of  the  march  to  the  summit  of 
the  pass,  the  mountaineers  never  attacked  tlie  Carthagi- 
nians in  any  force.  Small  bands,  watching  their  oppor- 
tunity, fell  at  times  upon  the  army  at  different  points  in 
the  line,  and  carried  off  part  of  the  baggage.  Where  the 
elephants  were  found,  no  attack  was  ever  made,  their 
appearance  striking  the  Gauls  with  terror  and  astonish- 
ment. The  march  seems  here  to  have  lain  (as  might  have 
been  anticipated  when  Hannibal  was  approaching  towards 
the  summit  of  the  pass)  through  a  country  thinly  peopled, 
and  inhabited  by  a  wild  race  of  men.  There  are  indeed 
plausible  reasons  for  conjecturing,  that  these  Gauls  were 
a  different  tribe  from  those  who  dwelt  in  the  Lower  Mau- 
rienne  :  for  they  appear  to  have  had  no  share  in  the  battle 
of  the  Kock,  nor  to  have  had  any  previous  acquaintance 
with  the  Carthaginians,  or  connexion  with  the  other 
Gauls  2. 

After  the  toils  of  the  battle,  and  the  subsequent  night- 
march  or  watch,  the  progress  of  the  Carthaginians  might 
be  expected  to  be  a  little  retarded.  The  evening  and 
night  of  the  sixth  day  would  probably  be  spent  around 
Modane  :  the  seventh  day  would  bring  them  to  Bramans ; 
and  on  the  eighth  night  a  large  part  of  the  army  would 


1  The  supposed  scene  of  this  contest,  and  of  tlio  operations  connected 
with  it,  is  very  woU  observed  from  the  summit  of  the  rock  of  Baune. 

2  This  conjecture  is  probably  well  founded.  In  the  Roman  times 
the  Upper  Maurienne  was  inhabited  by  the  Cottian  Caturiges,  whose 
lowest  village  seems  to  have  been  Orclle,  situated  four  miles  above  La 
Traverse.    See  below,  Chap.  xi. 


.1/ 


'^./ 


Tlie  Coxuitrv 
//(  the  Nei/jhhowlwod  of  tilt- 

ROCK    OF  BAUNE 
wiUidie  Supposed  Positions 

CA  RTHAOIm'iAKS    &   GAULS 

oil  the  eyeiiiiiif  ofthe 
•I'l'Days  marcli  fioiii  Uie  Town. 


1  Carlliaijmiiin  hearj  InAntrj 

2  Qutiuufiman  Cmab-j.Eltphants.  and  bagyage. 

3  FoMonofBannihalon  the  hfighb,  wiHi  half  the  (hrOuiginlan  anny 

4  Sttuleiiillie  yalUrialherrarofttie  CarAaginians 

5  IkaJs  onthelteightsonthe  flank  of  ArOuihaguuans 

6  Foeitwm  ofthe  Oauh  fS)  whmManmbcd  byan  his  march,  ft-  cany  ihe  he^htt 

OldSoad  

line  ofjlaiuiibals  mardi  ahml  Ae  heights  leith  half  his  artm 


aefjicd 

Oranqe 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS.  113 

most  likely  have  gained  the  summit  of  the  Little  Mont 
Cenis.  On  the  following  morning  the  rear-guard  would 
arrive,  and  all  the  army,  with  the  exception  of  the  strag- 
glers who  afterwards  rejoined  them,  would  have  accom- 
plished the  ascent  of  the  Alps.  The  transactions  which 
took  place  on  the  summit  of  the  pass,  and  during  the 
descent,  will  be  considered  in  the  next  chapter. 


CHAPTER  VIII. 

Application  of  the  conditions  deduced  from  Polybius'  narrative  to  the 
route  of  the  Mont  Cenis  concluded. — Encampment  of  Hannibal  on 
the  Plateau  of  the  Little  Ifont  Cenis. — Point  from  which  the  plains 
of  Italy  were  most  probably  seen. — Precipitous  character  of  the 
descent  from  the  Mont  Cenis  into  Italy. — Probable  situation  of 
the  place  where  the  i^ath  was  destroyed. — Arrival  at  the  commence- 
ment of  the  plains  of  Italy. — Siege  and  capture  of  Turin. 


THE  summit  of  the  Mont  Cenis  has  already  been  partly 
described.  It  consists  of  two  large  plateaux,  between 
6000  and  7000  English  feet  above  the  sea-level,  surrounded 
by  mountains  elevated,  in  some  instances,  more  than  4000 
feet  above  the  plateaux  beneath.  The  longest  of  the  two 
plateaux  is  that  of  the  Great  Mont  Cenis,  extending  five 
miles  in  length  from  La  Ramasse  to  La  Grande  Croix.  On 
the  left,  towards  the  east  or  north-east,  this  plateau  is 
bounded  all  the  way  by  the  bases  of  the  mountains ;  on 
the  right  it  is  bounded,  first  by  the  mountains,  then  by  the 
lake,  and  finally  by  a  range  of  hills,  running  from  the  lake 
to  the  neighbourhood  of  La  Grande  Croix,  and  terminating 
towards  the  south  in  a  precipice  of  great  height,  which 
rises  from  the  little  plain  of  St  Nicholas.  This  latter  plain 
lies  about  500  feet  below  La  Grande  Croix,  and  is  sepa- 
rated from  it  by  the  precipitous  descent  called  the  Eourmi- 
guier.  To  the  W.  or  S.W.  of  the  lake,  extends  the  plateau 
of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis,  about  three  miles  and  a  half  in 
length,  and  bounded  on  both  sides  by  ranges  of  mountains. 
The  two  plateaux  form,  in  a  manner,  three  of  the  arms  of 
a  cross,  which  meet  in  the  lake.  Besides  these  two  pla- 
teaux, there  is  a  small  valley  or  hollow  upon  the  mountain. 
It  is  enclosed  between  the  hills  which  run  from  the  lake  to 
La  Grande  Croix,  and  the  mountains  on  the  west.  A 
small  stream  flows  down  this  valley  into  the  lake.  The 
j)ath  from  the  Col  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis,  which  is  at  the 
furthest  extremity  of  the  plateau  of  the  same  name,  leads 
along  the  plateau  nearly  to  the  lake.     It  then  turns  to  the 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  115 

right  and  follows  the  little  valley  behind  the  hills,  which 
conducts  it  to  a  depression  in  that  range  of  heights, 
through  which  it  descends  upon  La  Grande  Croix,  at  the 
extremity  of  the  plateau  of  the  Great  Mont  Cenis. 

The  first  condition  relating  to  the  summit  of  the  pass 
is  this : 

V.  A  place  suitable  for  the  encampment  of  Hanni- 
baPs  army  must  be  found  at  the  summit  of  the  pass. 

The  plateau  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  perfectly  satisfies 
this  condition.  Its  great  length  and  ample  width  would 
afford  abundant  room  for  the  encampment. 

The  next  condition  is  the  following  : 

VI.  From  a  point,  probably  not  far  from  the  road 
over  the  summit  of  the  pass,  but  yet  not  upon  the  ground 
where  the  Carthaginians  would  encamp  when  they  first 
reached  the  summit,  the  plains  of  the  Po,  and,  in  all 
probability,  the  Apennines  also,  ought  to  be  visible. 

The  ground  Avhere  the  Carthaginians  would  encamp, 
when  they  first  reached  the  summit  of  the  pass,  would 
be  the  plateau  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis.  From  thence 
no  part  of  Italy,  nor  even  any  opening  in  the  encircling 
ranges  of  mountains,  can  be  perceived.  It  seems  com- 
pletely shut  in  by  the  Alps  on  every  side.  On  leaving 
the  plateau  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  for  La  Grande  Croix, 
the  path  turns  sharply  to  the  right,  and  eventually  passes 
over  the  hills  often  mentioned,  at  a  point  where  there 
is  a  depression  in  the  chain.  Turning  to  the  south, 
along  the  crest  of  the  heights,  from  this  point,  so  as  to 
ascend  out  of  the  hollow  through  which  the  path  runs,  and 
thus  arrive  upon  the  long  summit  of  the  ridge,  the  traveller 
will  gain  a  prospect  of  Italy  in  the  course  of  some  five 
minutes.  The  view  is  better  seen  from  the  southernmost 
extremity  of  these  eminences,  a  walk  of  a  few  minutes 
further.  The  part  of  the  hilly  range  from  whence  this 
prospect  is  gained,  and  which  lies  to  the  south  of  the  de- 
pression through  which  the  path  runs,  forms  a  ridge  about 
half  a  mile  in  length,  without  any  definite  head  rising 
above  the  general  level  of  its  summit.  It  presents  a  \cvy 
steep   slope    towards  La   Grande   Croix,  and  terminates, 

8—2 


116  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

as  before  mentioned,  above  the  plain  of  St  Nicholas,  in  a 
very  lofty  precipice. 

From  the  crest  of  this  ridge  it  may  be  conjectured 
that  Hannibal  pointed  out  Italy  to  his  army.  Great 
numbers  might  have  collected  on  the  long  summit,  so  that 
many  hundreds  of  men  might  have  looked  upon  Italy  at 
once.  There  is  no  difficulty  whatever  in  arriving  here, 
and  the  view  is  seen  from  a  point  so  close  to  the  path,  that 
the  fact  of  such  a  prospect  being  visible  could  hardly  be 
unknown  to  those  who  were  acquainted  with  the  pass.  It 
is  indeed  only  a  very  small  portion  of  Italy  that  is  de- 
scried ;  but  the  existence  of  any  extensive  prospect  does 
not  seem  to  be  required  by  the  narrative.  In  fact,  if  we 
suppose  the  action,  intimated  by  the  word  evSeiKvuixevos,  to 
have  been  a  natural,  and  not  merely  an  oratorical,  gesture, 
we  should  be  led  to  imagine  that  only  a  small  part  of  the 
plains  was  visible  ;  for  to  any  very  large  expanse  it  would 
have  been  superfluous  to  direct  attention.  Besides,  any 
prospect  of  Italy,  however  limited,  would  have  been  suffi- 
cient for  Hannibal's  purpose.  It  would  have  proved  to  the 
Carthaginians,  by  visible  demonstration,  that  their  extri- 
cation from  the  Alps  was  at  hand,  that  the  mountains  were 
about  to  terminate,  and  that  the  plains  of  Italy  were 
almost  gained. 

It  is  towards  the  S.  E.  that  the  view  is  open.  The 
country  seen  would  thus  be  the  district  to  the  east  of  the 
Po,  and  the  south  of  the  Tanaro,  where  the  cities  of  Alba 
and  Acqui  are  situated.  This  part  of  the  plains  is  inter- 
sected by  several  ranges  of  hills,  one  of  which  may  be  dis- 
cerned from  the  point  of  view  on  the  Mont  Ccnis,  even 
after  the  hazes,  so  prevalent  in  the  plains  of  the  Po  during 
a  great  part  of  the  day,  especially  in  summer,  have  effiiced 
the  prospect  of  the  flat  country.  In  the  extreme  distance 
the  chain  of  the  Apennines  closes  the  view,  and  would  have 
offered  to  Hannibal,  as  previously  explained,  the  means 
of  indicating  the  position  of  Rome'. 


^  Another  point  on  the  Mont  Cenis,  from  which  the  plains  of  Italy 
are  visible,  is  mentioned  by  M.  Grosley,  who  wrote  in  the  middle  of  the 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  117 

On  the  morning  of  the  ninth  clay  the  ivhole  Cartha- 
ginian army  had  gained  the  summit  of  the  L>ttle  Mont 
Cenis      During  the  remainder  of  that  day,  and  during  the 
foUowino-  night,  they  remained  encamped  on  the  plateau  ot 
[he  LMe  Moni  Cenis.     On  the  morning  of  the  tenth  day 
Hannibal  found  them  in  a  state  of  great  de^PO"  W 
One  resource  only,  but  that  an  effectual  one,  and  such  as 
could  never  have'been  anticipated  by  the  Carthagnnans 
offered  itself  to  Hannibal,  as  a  means  by  which  he  could 
restore  the  courage  and  fortitude  of  his  army.     He  had 
"ecome  atvare,  probably  by  the  report  of  the  Cisa^^je 
Gauls  who  then  accompanied  him,  and  who  had  previously 
cros  ed  the  pass  to  meet  him  on  the  Rhone,  that  there  was 
a  point  on  the  mountain,  by  the  side  of  the  path   some  two 
:r'three  miles  from  the  plateau  of  the  Little  Mont  Cen 
from  which  the  plains  of  Italy  could  be  discerned.  To  this 
point,  accordingly,  Hannibal  led  his  "7^;,  °'^„*  P'^';*/ ''^ 
and  pointed  out  to  them  the  plains  of  the  Po    and  the 
lit!  of  the  Apennines,  behind  which,  as  he  stated,  lay 
the°eity  of  Rome  itself.     He  dwelt  also  upon  tlie  friendly 
disposition  towards  them  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  country 
then  lying  beneath  their  feet,  and  succeeded  eventually 
o  a  e'ertfin  extent,  in  dispelling  the  gloom  which  had 
kllen  upon  their  spirits.     By  this  movement  to  obtain  the 
Dvosnect  of  Italy,    he  position  of  the  Carthaginian  encamp- 
LTon  the  tenth  day  would  be  a  litUe  altered  from  what 

last  century  on  tho  subject  of  IlannitaVs  route  across  the  Alps.    The 
nns=aM  is  civon  by  Ukert  in  his  Gcogyapluc,  n.  2.  p.  COO. 
■^      LVS.CCO  Jo  coupe  ouc  forme  lo  plateau  du  Mont  Ccn.s,  cs    borJeo 
L  csptco  ue  coupe  i  ,,>Lcuno  nas,  au  pied  do  la  lettre,  lo 

do  falaises  trcs  cleveos,  ct  a.nsi  il  n  occupe  pa.,        p  f.i,,l.„.   j,  la 

sommot   do  la    montagnc.     Cost  a  m.-co.c  d  une  •J«  ,  =»  f  ^  ^  "^  '^ 
hauteur  du  Prioure,  .[u'eu  dccouvre  Ics  pUuncs  du  r.omont,  ct  cost 

■^  f  ::;r  r  ;s:':?r  :r~uhi^und .  s^r  on .,. 

eastern   Bido  of  the   mountain  ^'hich  lies    S.  W.  froni   tl  o  K  k  .     It    s 
if  not  quito,  impracticable. 


118  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

it  was  on  the  ninth  :  for,  from  the  summit  of  the  hills 
from  which  Italy  was  seen,  it  is  not  likely  that  the  Cartha- 
ginians would  have  been  led  back  to  the  plateau  of  the 
Little  Mont  Cenis,  but  would  rather  have  descended  to 
La  Grande  Croix.  On  the  tenth  night  the  army  probably 
lay  encamped  on  the  eastern  extremity  of  the  plateau  of 
the  Little  Mont  Cenis,  around  La  Grande  Croix  at  the 
southern  extremity  of  the  plateau  of  the  Great  Mont  Cenis, 
and  on  the  ground  between  these  two  positions.  On  the 
eleventh  morning  they  began,  from  La  Grande  Croix,  their 
descent  into  Italy,  and  left  the  summit  of  the  Mont  Cenis, 
on  which  they  had  spent  two  days  and  nights. 


The  accordance  of  the  pass  of  the  Mont  Cenis  with  the 
seventh  condition,  that  '  The  commencement  of  the  plains 
of  Italy  must  be  less  than  three  days'*  march  from  the  sum- 
mit of  the  pass,'  has  already  been  shewn  in  an  earlier 
chapter  (p.  72).  We  pass  on  therefore  to  the  eighth  con- 
dition. 

VIII.  The  first  part  of  the  descent  from  the  pass  on 
the  Italian  side  must  be  of  a  precipitous  character. 

The  precipitous  character  of  the  descent  into  Italy  by 
the  old  road  over  the  Mont  Cenis,  has  been  already  men- 
tioned (p.  87).  It  is  one  of  the  most  remarkable  features 
of  the  pass,  and  is  particularly  noticed  in  many  descrip- 
tions of  it^    Between  La  Grande  Croix,  where  the  descent 


1  Enfin,  a  rextremite  de  la  plaine  est  I'auberge  de  la  Orande-Groixy 
Oil  les  voyageurs  s'arretent  souvent  pour  se  rcposer  ou  se  rechauffer. 
C'cst  dc  la  quo  commence  la  descente  du  cote  du  Piemont.  La  pente 
de  I'ancien  chemin  qui  passait  par  Ferrieres,  et  aboutissait  ?x  la  Novalaise, 
oh.  Ton  faisait  remonter  les  voitures,  etait  si  rapide,  que  plusieurs  voya- 
geurs ont  fait  la  pcinture  la  plus  effrayante  des  dangers  qu'elle  presen- 
tait. — Richard,  Guide  en  Savoie  et  en  Piemont. 

Dalla  Novalesa  ultimo  villaggio  del  Piomonte,  tale  era  I'antica  strada ; 
per  una  raplda  o  spaventosa  sallta,  a  svolto  serpeggiantl  si  giungeva  al 
villaggio  dclle  Ferrieres,  d'ondo  oltrepassato  11  piccolo  piano  di  S.  Nlccolo 
ore  ancora  si  vcdono  i  limiti  che  segnavano  i  confini  della  Savola  e  del 
Plemonte,  montate  le  erte  rampe  a  zlg-zach  dctte  il  Fourmignier,  si  veniva 
alia  Gran  Croce,  povero  o  scarso  abituro,  e  travcrsatono  il  piano  si  met- 
tcva  capo  alia  Ramassa,  d'ondo  scorrondo  pel  dorso  del  monte  si  calava 
a  Lanslobourg. — Itincrario  Fostale  degli  Stati  Sardi. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  119 

begins,  and  the  village  of  La  Novalese,  near  which  it  ter- 
minates, the  road  falls,  in  the  course  of  six  miles,  more 
than  3600  feet;  so  that  the  rapidity  of  the  descent  must 
necessarily  be  considerable  and  long-continued  ^ 

We  now  come  to  the  ninth  condition. 

IX.  At  a  place,  within  half  a  day's  march  from  the 
summit  of  the  pass,  on  the  Italian  side,  the  path  must  lie 
along  a  precipitous  mountain-side,  liable  to  be  broken  up 
for  a  length  of  nearly  300  yards  (English) ;  and  the  country 
in  the  vicinity  should  be  of  a  nature  adapted  to  Polybius' 
account  of  the  events  which  took  place  in  the  neighbour- 
hood of  the  broken  path. 

A  remarkable  passage  in  a  geographical  work  of  the 
last  century  seems  to  indicate  clearly  the  situation  of  this 
place,  where  Hannibal's  path  had  been  destroyed  by  a 
landslip^.      The  passage  in  question  runs  thus^ : 

*  From  the  inn,  called  La  Grand'  Croix,  on  account  of 
the  wooden  cross  which  stands  by  its  side,  and  which  forms 
the  boundary  between  Savoy  and  Piedmont,  the  descent 
begins.     On  descending,  there  is  found  a  plain,  enclosed 


M.  Deluc  also  (Histoire  du  Passage  des  Alpes  par  Annibal,  p.  280,) 
notices  tho  precipitous  character  of  the  descent  from  the  Mont  Cenis,  a 
circumstance  which  he  brings  forward  as  an  argument  against  the  suppo- 
sition of  Hannibal's  having  crossed  this  pass.     See  below.  Chap.  X. 

1  Height  of  La  Grande  Croix  above  tho  sea,  G211  English  feet;  of 
La  Novalese,  2577. 

2  Biisching's  Geography  of  Italy,  enlarged  and  improved  edition, 
Venice,  1780.     Vol.  i.  p.  78. 

3  Dair  osteria,  detta  la  Grand'  Croix,  dalla  croco  di  legno,  chc  v'o 
accanto,  e  che  forma  il  confine  tra  la  Savoja  ed  il  Piemontc,  incomincia 
la  scesa.  Nello  scenderc  ritrovasi  una  pianura  rinchiusa  fra'  monti,  detta 
la  Flaine  de  S.  Nicola,  passata  la  quale  v'o  una  scesa,  che  tempo  fa  i 
macigni,  ed  i  sassi  talmente  rendcvano  impraticabilc,  che  coloro,  i  quali 
solevano  portar  in  sedia  i  viandanti,  eran  costretti  a  scender  da'  sassi  a 
ealti,  come  da  tanti  gradini.  In  qucsta  discesa  inovitabilc,  prcsso  il  No- 
valese nel  ricmonteso  v'erano  3  o  4  luoghi,  ovo  il  sentioro  fianchoggiato 
da  prccipizj  altissimi  era  strettissimo,  o  I'acquo  talmente  aveano  smosso 
il  terrcno,  clic  la  seilia  colla  persona  portatavi,  per  la  mot.^  pondeva  in 
aria  sul  precipizio.  Ma  sotto  il  regno  di  Enimanuele  III.  iu  fatta  una 
Btrada  nuova,  ovo  non  c'e  pericolo  alcuno ;  nondimeno  v'o  uiio  spazio  di 
circa  10  miglia,  ove  il  passaggicro  c  obbligato  a  farsi  portaro  in  scdia. 


120  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS, 

by  the  mountains,  called  La  Plaine  de  S.  Nicola;  this  plain 
being  passed,  there  is  a  descent,  which,  at  one  time,  the 
stones  and  rocks  rendered  impracticable  to  such  a  degree, 
that  those  who  were  accustomed  to  transport  travellers  in 
chairs,  were  obliged  to  descend  by  leaping  from  rock 
to  rock,  as  it  were  down  so  many  steps.  Upon  this  inevit- 
able descent,  towards  La  NovalPse,  there  were  three  or  four 
places,  where  the  path,  flanked  by  very  lofty  precipices,  ivas 
exceedingly  narrow,  and  the  waters  had  broken  away  the 
ground  to  such  an  extent,  that  the  chair,  luith  the  person 
carried  in  it,  hung  half  in  air  over  the  precipice.  But  under 
the  reign  of  Emmanuel  III.  (1730 — 1773),  a  new  road  was 
made,  upon  which  there  is  no  longer  any  danger ;  never- 
theless there  is  a  distance  of  about  sixteen  miles  where  the 
traveller  is  obliged  to  be  carried  in  a  chair.' 

This  part  of  the  old  road  is  again  referred  to  in  the 
same  work.  It  is  said,  in  the  description  of  La  Ferriere, 
that  the  path  leading  dov/n  to  La  Novalese  was  sometimes 
contracted  by  the  precipices  to  a  width  of  no  more  than 
one  foot^ 

Here  then  we  have  direct  evidence  that,  between  La 
Ferriere  and  La  Novalese,  the  path  over  the  Mont  Cenis,  a 
century  ago,  lay  along  a  precipitous  mountain-side  liable 
to  be  broken  up  by  the  falling  away  of  the  ground.  In  the 
English  translation  of  Biisching  (London,  1762)  it  is  men- 
tioned that  these  three  or  four  dangerous  places  were  only 
a  few  paces  in  length  :  they  would  no  doubt  be  the  worst 
parts  of  the  crumbling  precipice,  where  it  was  not  possible 
to  construct  any  solid  road. 

The  mule-road  of  Emmanuel  lit.,  a  broad  and  strongly- 
constructed  way,  runs  from  La  Ferriere  to  La  Novalese  on 
the  right  bank  of  the  Cenise :  the  old  road,  abandoned  on 
account  of  the  dangers  caused  by  the  landslips,  ran  on  the 
left  bank  of  the  stream.     This  last  path  is  still  partially 


1  Ferriere,  Ferrera,  o  Ferrara,  borgo  che  giaco  alia  meta  della  strada 
fra  la  Grande  Croix,  o  la  cittil  di  Novalese,  cioe  nelle  falde  del  Monte 
Scnis.  La  strada  fra  questo  luogo,  e  fra  Novalese  in  piu  luoghi  e  molto 
ristrctta  fra'  dirupi,  c  passa  talvolta  in  mezzo  a'  precipizj,  che  non  las- 
ciano  piu  d'un  piedo  di  largliezza. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  121 

used  by  the  inhabitants  of  the  country.  It  is  a  distance  of 
about  three  miles  from  La  Ferriere  to  La  Novalese.  For 
the  first  mile  on  the  road  there  was  no  difficulty,  or  none 
of  any  importance :  but  with  the  second  mile  the  dangers 
began.  The  Cenise  had  previously  flowed  through  a  series 
of  fields,  at  no  great  distance  below  the  path.  It  now  sank 
in  a  narrow  gorge,  and  left  the  path  high  above  it,  running 
along  the  face  of  an  abrupt  declivity  composed  of  earth 
intermingled  with  rocks,  and  continually  liable  to  crumble 
away.  Here  the  old  road,  still  remaining,  forcibly  recalls 
to  mind  the  narrative  of  Polybius,  where  he  relates  how 
Hannibal  found  his  path  destroyed  by  a  landslip,  and  was 
eventually  obliged  to  reconstruct  it,  hy  building  up  the  pre- 
cipice. For  the  old  road  is  here,  in  many  places,  supported 
on  terraces,  such  as  Hannibal  must  have  raised  along  the 
mountain-side  ^  These  have,  however,  fallen  away  in  many 
places,  the  path  being  now  only  partially  used  by  the  inha- 
bitants, and  having  been  long  abandoned  by  travellers. 
From  the  point  where  it  first  begins  to  skirt  the  precipice, 
about  a  mile  below  La  Ferriere,  it  runs  nearly  in  a  straight 
line,  gradually  descending,  for  about  three  hundred  yards. 
It  then  meets  with  a  gully,  laying  open  the  mountain-side, 
and  quite  impassable  where  the  path  first  encounters  it,  on 
account  of  the  sheerly  precipitous  character  of  its  eastern 
face.  Repelled  at  this  point,  the  path  makes  an  angle, 
and  returns  for  above  a  hundred  yards  along  the  precipice 
towards  La  Ferriere,  thus  gaining  a  lower  level.  It  then 
resumes  its  original  direction,  and,  after  a  course  of  about 
three  hundred  yards  more,  reaches  the  gully  again,  and 
succeeds  in  crossing  it.  At  the  point  where  the  gully  is 
crossed,  and  for  a  considerable  distance  beyond,  the  path, 
never  used  now,  is  quite  destroyed.  Nothing  but  a  mere 
cattle  track  is  left,  though  fragments  of  the  old  terrace- 
walls  may  still  be  ])erceivcd  where  the  path  has  been 
destroyed.  Proceeding  towards  La  NovaKsc,  the  moun- 
tain-side, though  steep,  becomes  less  precipitous,  and  the 
path  is  well  jircscrvcd.  Pathcr  more  than  half  a  mile 
beyond  the  gully,  the  head  of  the  valley  of  La  Novalese  is 


J  Sec  alioro,  pp.  ."5 — 57. 


122  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

reached,  and  another  mile  across  the  fields  brings  the 
traveller  to  the  village  itself. 

It  would  be  on  the  first  part  of  this  descent  that  Han- 
nibaFs  path  was  broken  up.  The  length  of  the  first  arm 
of  the  ancient  zigzag  road,  about  300  yards,  seems  to 
identify  this  part  of  the  mountain-side  with  the  crumbling 
precipice,  recently  broken  up,  which  Polybius  mentions  as 
nearly  a  stadium  and  a  half  across.  The  whole  of  the 
ground  on  the  west  of  the  gully  was,  in  all  probability, 
more  or  less  broken  up  by  the  landslip  which  had  taken 
place  ^.  The  distance  from  La  Grande  Croix  to  the  com- 
mencement of  this  precipice  is  about  four  English  miles. 
It  was,  therefore,  within  half  a  day's  march  from  the  sum- 
mit of  the  pass,  the  hamlet  of  La  Grande  Croix,  at  the 
southern  extremity  of  the  plateau  of  the  Mont  Cenis,  being 
the  point  from  which  Hannibal  commenced  his  descent. 
The  first  part  of  Condition  IX.  is  thus  fully  satisfied :  the 
latter  part,  relating  to  the  events  which  took  place  in  this 
neighbourhood,  now  requires  consideration. 

These  events  have  been  already  discussed  (pp.  57 — 60). 
When  Hannibal  first  found  that  the  path  was  destroyed,  he 
attempted  to  continue  his  march  by  taking  a  circuit.  He 
arrived  however  eventually,  on  making  this  attempt,  upon 
a  very  steep  slope  of  old  snow,  thinly  covered  with  snow 
which  had  lately  fallen.  It  has  been  conjectured  above, 
from  this  circumstance,  and  also  because  such  a  line 
of  descent  would  be  natural,  that  Hannibal  attempted  to 
bring  his  army  down  by  some  gully ;  for  in  such  hollows 
the  old  snow  frequently  lingers,  when  the  ground  in  the 
neighbourhood  is  quite  clear.  These  gullies  also  form  the 
channels  of  avalanches,  by  which,  on  extraordinary  occa- 
sions, old  snow  is  sometimes  found  at  a  very  low  level,  even 
in  the  heat  of  summer.     Such    a   circumstance   may  be 


1  The  whole  course  of  this  ancient  path  is  well  seen  from  the  later 
mule-road.  The  old  lino  of  way  may  still  bo  followed  throughout  on 
foot,  though  with  some  little  difficulty  where  the  path  has  been  destroyed. 

2  The  cause  of  this  landslip  was,  perhaps,  the  series  of  heavy  rains, 
which,  as  may  bo  gathered  from  Livy's  account  of  the  swelling  of  the 
'  Druentia,'  had  prevailed  in  the  Alps  about  three  weeks  before  Hannibal 
arrived  at  the  broken  path. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  123 

alluded  to  by  Polybius  in  the  words  'l^tov  kuI  TraptjWayixevov 
(Chap.  55),  though  it  is  not  absolutely  necessary  to  make 
such  a  supposition.  For,  although  no  permanent  snow  is 
now  found  anywhere  near  the  path  between  La  Ferriere 
and  La  Novalese,  or  indeed  upon  any  part  of  the  Mont 
Cenis  road ;  yet,  in  ancient  times,  the  climate  of  Europe 
must  have  been  much  severer  than  it  is  at  present,  and 
permanent  snow  would  have  been  found  on  the  passes  of 
the  Alps  at  a  considerably  lower  level  than  where  it  is  now 
met  with.  Indeed,  we  should  be  led  to  conclude,  from 
what  Polybius  says,  not  only  that  the  summits  of  the  passes 
were  continually  covered  with  snow,  but  that  the  fields  of 
snow  even  reached  half-way  down  the  declivities,  on  both 
sides  of  the  Alpine  passes,  towards  the  level  country ;  so 
that  not  only  patches  of  snow  might  be  found  at  a  con- 
siderable distance  below  the  summits  of  the  passes,  but 
even  the  great  snow-field  itself  may  have  extended  to  a 
distance  of  several  thousand  feet  below  the  present  line  of 
perpetual  snow'.  It  seems,  however,  necessary  to  under- 
stand these  statements  of  Polybius  with  some  modification, 
and  to  suppose  that  he  speaks,  not  of  fields  of  snow,  but 
rather  of  isolated  patches,  which  are  found,  at  the  present 
day,  in  many  instances,  two  or  three  thousand  feet  below 
the  snow-line,  and,  in  some  places,  even  more^ 

It  may  thus  be  supposed,  without  violating  probability, 
that,  at  the  time  of  Hannibal's  descent,  the  gully  on  the 
precipitous  way  between  La  Ferriere  and  La  Novalese  was 
filled  with  old  snow,  compact  and  hard ;  and  that  fresh 
snow  may  have  lain  upon  it  to  the  depth  of  a  few  inches. 
Now,  if  all  the  ground  to  the  west  of  the  gully  was  broken 
up,  but  the  path,  as  appears  to  have  been  the  case,  re- 
mained uninjured  on  the  cast  of  the  gully ;  then  the  way 
by  which    Hannibal  Avould    naturally    have   attempted    to 


Tav  yap  "iWivfutv  to.  fiiv  aKpa  Koi  ra  wp6s  t<\s  vTrfpi3o\(is  cif^Koi^a 
TfXcwf  a8fv8pa  KOi  yj^ika  ttovt  ((tt\  8ia  t6  crvvfx^ois  fnipfvfiv  tijv  ;(toi'a  Koi 
Stpovs  Koi  xfipapos,  ra  8  vTri  ptarjv  r^i/  naptopfiav  (^  dp(f)olv  Toiv  ptpolv 
{j\o(f)('>pa  Kni  8(v(>po(f)6pa  Ka\  to  oKov  oiKqcripa  (cmv. 

^  On  tlio  subject  of  tho  prcatcr  severity  of  tlio  cliinato  of  Europe  in 
ancient  tiuicR,  sec  Gibbon's  lloman  Empire,  Cliap.  IX.,  and  Arnold's  Jlis- 
tory  of  Rome,  Vol.  iii.  p.  ti'j,  and  Note  M,  p.  485.   Sco  also  below,  Chap.  X. 


12i  HANNIBAL'S   PASSAGE   OF  THE   ALPS. 

rejoin  the  path  where  it  was  undestroyed,  would  have  been 
down  the  gully  itself.  From  the  point  where  the  path 
from  La  Ferriere  first  begins  to  run  along  the  precipice,  it 
would  not  be  very  difficult,  (for  men  alone  it  would  be 
easy)  to  pursue  a  directly  straight  course  (represented  by 
the  broken  line  in  the  sketch)  as  far  as  the  gully.  A  great 
part  of  the  ground  which  would  be  traversed  is  now 
covered  with  grass,  and  quite  unlike  the  crumbling  face  of 
the  precipice  beneath.  Hannibal's  army  however  could 
not  cross  the  gully,  for  its  eastern  fiice  is  quite  precipitous, 
but  would  be  obliged  to  attempt  to  descend  by  its  channel. 
The  calamitous  results  which  Polybius  mentions  would 
then  naturally  follow.  For  the  fresh  snow,  which,  by  its 
yielding  character,  seemed  to  give  a  firm  hold  to  the  foot 
which  penetrated  it,  was  only  a  few  inches  in  depth,  and 
had  not  adhered  to  the  hard  snow  beneath.  This  hard 
snow  the  feet  of  the  men  did  not  penetrate ;  they  slipped 
and  fell,  attempted  in  vain  to  save  themselves  by  clinging 
to  some  support,  probably  to  their  companions,  rolled 
down  the  snow  with  whatever  they  had  clung  to,  and  were 
lost  down  the  precipices.  The  animals,  however,  heavily 
laden,  struck  their  feet  into  the  old  snow  in  their  efforts  to 
save  themselves  when  they  slipped,  and  remained  fixed 
without  the  power  of  extricating  themselves,  being  held 
fast  by  the  tenacity  of  the  hard-compacted  snow.  Han- 
nibal, seeing  from  these  misfortunes  that  it  would  be 
impossible  to  effect  his  descent,  excepting  by  the  line  of 
the  old  road  which  had  been  destroyed,  abandoned  his 
attempt  to  descend  by  the  gully,  and  determined  to  re- 
construct the  broken  path. 

When  Hannibal  had  thus  relinquished  his  first  project, 
eaToaTOTreSevae  Trepi  ri^v  payjiv,  dianrjadfjievo^  Ttjv  eV  avrj] 
■yiova,  he  encamped  about  the  back  (or  crest)  of  the  ridge, 
having  cleared  away  the  snow  from  it^  Now  the  descent 
from  the  ])lain  of  St  Nicholas  to  the  head  of  the  valley  of 
La  NovaU'se  is  effected  down  a  steep  hollow,  sloping  to  the 
east,  and  bounded  on  the  north  and  south  by  very  lofty 
mountains.     This  hollow,   however,   is   not  single,   but   is 

1  Sec  above,  p.  59. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  125 

divided  into  two  minor  parallel  hollows  by  a  ridge  extend- 
ing from  west  to  east,  and  originating  a  little  below  the 
plain  of  St  Nicholas.  In  the  northern  of  these  hollows 
flows  the  Cenise  ;  in  the  southern,  and  at  a  distance  of  about 
half  a  mile  from  the  Cenise,  runs  a  small  rill  of  water,  which 
joins  the  Cenise  near  La  Novalese.  It  seems  probable  that 
it  is  this  ridge,  which  is  alluded  to  by  Polybius  under  the 
name  of  the  pdy^i?-  Its  crest  or  back,  at  its  eastern  ex- 
tremity, is  a  nearly  level  tract  of  ground,  raised  on  very 
high  precipices  above  the  valley  of  La  Novalese,  and  having 
on  one  side  the  deep  gorge  of  the  Cenise,  where  the  path 
was  destroyed,  and  on  the  other  a  very  steep  gully, 
through  which  the  rill  of  water,  previously  mentioned,  falls 
down  into  the  valley  beneath  \  This  tract  of  ground  is 
now  almost  entirely  covered  with  great  blocks  of  rock,  the 
results,  apparently,  of  some  mountain-ftUl.  These  heaps 
would  at  present  disqualify  it  from  being  the  site  of  an  en- 
campment ;  but  their  fall  may  have  been  subsequent  to  the 
time  of  Hannibal.  The  fields  through  which  the  Cenise 
flows,  between  La  Ferriere  and  the  commencement  of  the 
broken  precipice,  would  have  afforded  in  themselves  a  con- 
siderable space  of  ground  for  the  encampment.  Yet  the 
whole  army  could  hardly  have  found  sufficient  room  here, 
so  that  Hannibal  would  have  been  obliged  to  pitch  part  of 
his  camp  on  the  ridge  to  the  south  of  these  fields.  If  there 
were  no  heaps  of  fallen  rocks  at  that  time  on  the  ground 
at  the  eastern  extremity  of  the  ridge,  it  would  be  there 
that  the  most  eligible  position  would  have  been  found  for  a 
part  of  the  camp. 

In  one  day,  the  path  which  Hannibal  constructed  alono* 
the  precipice,  by  means  of  terraces,  was  sufficiently  wide 
and  strong  for  the  passage  of  the  horses  and  baggage-ani- 
mals. They  were  immediately  brought  down  from  the 
encampment  above,  another  encampment  was  made  below, 
on  ground  perfectly  free  from  snow,  and  the  animals  were 
then  left  to  find  pasturage  for  themselves  in  the  country 
round.      This  second  ciicampmcnt  would  be  made  near  La 


^  "When  Hannibal  attempted  to  descend  by  talcing  a  circuit,  lie  may 
possibly  have  tried  to  bring  bis  army  down  by  this  gully.  The  gullv, 
however,  on  the  broken  precipice  itself,  soems  the  more  likely  place. 


126  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

Novalese,  immediately  at  the  foot  of  the  precipitous  and 
broken  descent ;  and  in  the  broad  fields  at  the  head  of  this 
open  valley,  the  animals  would  be  let  loose,  and  left  to  seek 
the  fodder,  of  which  they  were  so  greatly  in  need.  The 
upper  and  lower  encampments  would  probably  be  less  than 
two  miles  apart ;  and  that  near  La  Novalese  would  be  in 
sight  of  the  one  above. 

On  the  evening  of  the  thirteenth  day,  the  road  was 
completed  for  the  passage  of  the  elephants,  who  were  by 
this  time  almost  starved  i.  They  were  accordingly  brought 
down,  and  the  whole  army  was  again  collected  together. 
In  two  days  more  the  Carthaginians  reached  Avigliana,  at 
the  commencement  of  the  plains  of  Italy.  The  tenth  and 
last  condition  relates  to  this  point  in  the  route,  where  the 
Alpine  march  was  at  last  brought  to  a  conclusion. 

X.  The  plains,  into  which  the  road  over  the  pass 
enters,  when  it  emerges  from  the  mountains  on  the  side  of 
Italy,  must  anciently  have  been  inhabited  by  the  Taurini. 

Avigliana  is  generally  identified  with  the  '  Ad  fines  '  of 
the  Roman  Itineraries,  the  boundary  between  the  district 
of  the  Taurini  and  the  Cottian  tribe  of  the  Segusini. 
Hannibal  would  therefore  be,  at  Avigliana,  on  the  frontier 
of  the  Taurini,  and  at  the  commencement  of  the  plains 
which  they  occupied. 


No  part  of  HannibaPs  passage  of  the  Alps  was  attended 
with  such  disasters  as  the  descent  into  Italy.  Although 
the  Carthaginians  encountered  no  hostility  on  the  part  of 
the  inhabitants,  (for  the  furtive  aggressions  mentioned  by 
Polybius  seem  to  have  been  too  insignificant  to  merit  such 
a  name,)  yet  their  losses,  in  consequence  of  the  snow  and 
the  precipitous  character  of  the  descent  through  the  unin- 
habited country,  were  nearly  as  great  as  they  were  upon 
the  ascent  from  the  banks  of  the  Isere  to  the  summit  of 
the  pass.  Between  La  Grande  Croix  and  La  Novalese,  a 
distance  of  only  six  miles,  nearly  10,000  men,  or  one-fourth 
of  the  whole  army  which  encamped  on  the  summit  of  the 


1  It  should  seem  that  fodder  might  have  been  brought  up  to  the 
elephants  from  below.  Nothing  of  the  kind  however  is  mentioned  by 
Polybius. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  127 

mountain,  must  have  perished  without  meeting  a  living 
enemy.  Nothing  but  the  extremely  precipitous  character 
of  the  descent  from  the  Mont  Cenis  can  explain  this  enor- 
mous loss.  Whole  hosts,  indeed,  must  have  been  destroyed 
by  the  precipices  of  the  Fourmiguier,  between  La  Grande 
Croix  and  the  plain  of  St  Nicholas.  All  this  abrupt  decli- 
vity, probably  some  500  feet  in  perpendicular  elevation, 
would  have  been,  at  the  time  of  Hannibal's  passage,  com- 
pletely covered  by  the  snow,  which  had  lately  fallen,  and 
beneath  Avhich  the  path  was  lost.  A  vast  and  trackless 
precipice  of  snow,  which  there  was  no  possibility  of  avoid- 
ing, presented  thus  the  only  way  by  which  the  army 
could  descend.  On  this  slippery  declivity,  nothing  that 
fell  escaped  destruction.  Multitudes  must  have  been 
carried  down  the  precipice,  before  the  survivors  succeeded 
in  reaching  the  plain  of  St  Nicholas.  On  the  descent 
from  this  plain,  similar  losses,  but  probably  on  a  much 
smaller  scale,  would  have  been  experienced.  The  army, 
however,  it  is  said,  bore  all  these  disasters  with  fortitude, 
because  they  had  already  encountered  calamities  of  a  like 
nature.  Perhaps,  on  the  steep  ascent  to  the  Col  of  the 
Little  Mont  Cenis,  the  path  may  have  been  partially  con- 
cealed by  the  snow,  and  some  losses  have  ensued  in  con- 
sequence. It  was,  however,  the  fresh  snow  which  seems 
to  have  fallen  while  they  remained  for  two  days  on  the 
summit  of  the  pass,  by  which  the  dangers  of  the  descent 
were  so  terribly  increased. 

At  length  the  progress  of  the  Carthaginians  was  com- 
pletely arrested.  The  path  by  which  they  hoped  to  have 
descended  had  been  destroyed  by  a  landslip,  and  they 
found  themselves  condemned,  in  their  reduced  and  starv- 
ing condition,  to  fix  their  encampment  in  the  midst  of  the 
snow.  Their  despair  at  this  calamity,  and  the  bold,  and, 
as  it  miglit  seem  at  first,  the  even  rash  attempt  of  Hannibal 
to  bring  the  army  down  by  a  new  and  untrodden  route,  can 
readily  be  understood.  They  looked  down  on  the  broad 
fields  of  La  NovaKse  immediately  below  them.  No  snow 
was  there  to  be  seen,  and  no  danger  or  difficulty  was  after- 
wards to  be  encountered.  Could  they  but  succeed  in 
effecting  this  last  descent,  all  their  calamities  and  priva- 
tions would  be  at  once  greatly  mitigated,   if  not  entirely 


128  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

terminated.  To  gain  this  end,  it  was  well  to  risk  the 
dangers  of  an  uncertain  descent,  before  embracing  the  only 
alternative  which  remained,  of  halting  amidst  the  snow,  till 
the  broken  path  could  be  reconstructed. 

This  latter  course,  however,  was  found  inevitable  ;  and 
it  was  only  on  the  thirteenth  evening  that  the  elephants  de- 
scended to  La  Novalese,  where  all  the  army  was  again 
collected  together.  No  events  of  importance  characterized 
the  rest  of  the  march  to  the  plains  of  Italy.  Indeed,  no 
effectual  opposition  could  have  been  offered  to  Hannibal 
here,  on  account  of  the  nature  of  the  country.  For  the 
valley  of  the  Dora,  below  Susa,  is  perfectly  open  :  there 
are  no  defiles  which  might  be  defended,  or  which  would 
offer  opportunities  for  any  serious  attack.  On  the  four- 
teenth night,  Hannibal  would  probably  reach  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  the  village  of  S.  Giorio,  and  on  the  fifteenth, 
all  the  army  would  encamp,  at  the  foot  of  the  Alps,  about 
Avigliana.  Here  Hannibal  remained  for  some  time,  during 
which  his  exhausted  forces  recovered  their  strength  and 
condition.  He  then  advanced  into  the  plains  and  laid 
siege  to  Turin,  (16  Roman  miles  from  Avigliana')  the  chief 
town  of  the  Taurini,  who  had  rejected  his  overtures  of 
amity  and  alliance.  After  three  days'  siege,  the  town  was 
taken  and  all  that  offered  opposition  put  to  the  sword. 
This  example  of  severity  brought  all  the  neighbouring 
people  to  HannibaVs  feet.  The  other  Galhc  tribes,  also, 
who  inhabited  the  plains,  shewed  themselves  favourably 
inclined  to  the  Carthaginian  alHance ;  and  Hannibal  pre- 
pared to  advance,  and  strike  some  great  blow,  Avhich 
might  fix  them  permanently  to  his  side,  and  induce  them 
to  join  with  him  in  attempting  the  overthrow  of  Rome. 

1  In  the  Roman  Itineraries,  one  measurement  (that  generally  adopt- 
ed) gives  24  miles  as  the  distance  from  Segusio  to  Ad  Fines,  and  16  miles 
as  the  distance  from  Ad  Fines  to  Augusta  Taurinorum.  Another  mea- 
surement gives  3.3  (a  plain  mistake  for  28)  miles  in  the  first  instance,  and 
18  in  the  second.  If  Avigliana  stands  accurately  on  the  site  of  Ad  Fines, 
the  latter  (corrected)  measurement  would  perhaps  be  nearest  the  truth. 
By  the  roads  of  1839,  according  to  the  Sardinian  Itinerary  published  in 
that  year,  the  distance  from  Turin  to  Avigliana  is  9|  Picdmonteso  miles 
(10'  Roman  miles);  and  the  distance  from  AvigUana  to  Susa  is  12 
Picdmonteso  miles  (20^  Roman  miles.) 


CHAPTER    IX. 

Livy's  narrative  of  Hannibal's  Passage  of  the  Alps. — Its  character. — Use 
to  be  made  of  it. — Hannibal's  line  of  approach  to  the  Alps,  as  in- 
dicated by  Livy. — His  account  of  the  events  which  took  place  on 
the  summit  of  the  pass. — The  broken  path. — Singular  story  con- 
nected with  it. — Arrival  of  Hannibal  in  the  countiy  of  the  Taurini. 


IT  will  not  be  necessary  to  examine  Livy's  account  of 
Hannibal's  passage  of  the  Alps  at  the  same  length  as 
that  of  Polybius,  the  greater  importance  and  accuracy  of  the 
Greek  narrative  being  sufficiently  evident.  Indeed,  Livy 
had  none  of  the  peculiar  advantages  of  Polybius.  He 
flourished  about  a  century  and  a  half  after  the  earlier 
historian,  and  had  therefore  no  communication  with  the 
contemporaries  of  the  expedition.  Neither  had  he  ex- 
amined the  scene  of  Hannibal's  passage,  as  Polybius  had, 
but  appears  ignorant,  not  only  of  that  particular  pass,  but 
also  of  the  general  nature  of  the  Alpine  country.  The 
authority  of  Livy's  narrative  is  also  much  weakened  by  his 
extremely  careless  mode  of  composition.  He  seems  to 
have  collected  his  materials  from  various  sources,  and  then 
to  have  reported  them  almost  in  their  crude  state,  without 
examining  their  bearing  on  one  another,  or  digesting  them 
into  a  consistent  story.  He  also  relates  some  events  of  a 
strange  and  improbable  nature,  and  is  glaringly  incorrect 
with  respect  to  dates.  Carelessness  and  love  of  the  mar- 
vellous are  the  chief  causes  of  his  errors ;  his  aim  is  to 
produce  effect,  rather  than  to  ensure  accuracy  and  truth. 

Notwithstanding,  however,  Livy''s  faults,  his  narrative 
cannot  be  totally  disregarded,  or  set  aside  as  entirely  false. 
Some  true  materials  must  be  worked  up  in  it.  Indeed, 
the  chief  materials  arc  clearly  furnished  by  Polybius,  though 
some  additional  and  independent  matter  is  introduced. 
A  part,  at  least,  of  this  additional  matter,  is  })robably 
authentic,  however  disfigured  and  alloyed  by  carelessness 
and  extravagance.  l'>ut,  altliough  whatever  is  clearly  ex- 
travagant must  be  either  rejected  or  modified,  and  what- 
ever contradicts  Polybius  must  be  set  aside,  a  considerable 


130  HAJ^NIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

part  of  the  history  will  still  be  left,  and  cannot  well  be 
neglected.  A  body  of  new  facts  will  thus  be  obtained. 
Yet,  even  with  respect  to  these  facts,  further  precautions 
may  be  necessary ;  for,  in  the  case  of  such  a  writer  as 
Livy,  the  arrangement  of  his  materials,  even  when  the  facts 
they  contain  may  be  true,  is  very  likely  to  be  faulty,  and 
may  demand  re-adjustment.  When  the  materials,  on  which 
a  history  is  founded,  are  collected  from  various  quarters, 
and  arranged  by  a  careless  historian,  it  is  not  unreasonable 
to  imagine  that  they  may  sometimes  be  wrongly  disposed, 
and  that  the  order  in  which  events  actually  happened  may 
thus  be  inverted.  The  first  passage  in  Livy  which  will 
require  consideration  seems  to  be  vitiated  by  an  error  of 
this  nature,  and  is  inexplicable  as  it  stands.  In  examining 
his  account,  it  will  be  necessary  partly  to  undo  what  he  has 
done  ;  to  resolve  his  ill-digested  narrative  into  its  com- 
ponent parts,  and  to  arrive  in  this  manner,  through  the 
history,  at  a  knowledge  of  the  materials  from  which  it  has 
been  made  up. 

There  seems  to  be  nothing  that  calls  for  notice  in 
Livy's  account  of  the  expedition,  until  he  brings  the  Car- 
thaginians to  the  district  called  the  Island.  The  river 
designated  by  Livy  the  Arar,  Bisarar,  or  Isara,  is  no  doubt 
the  modern  Isere.  Hannibal,  having  crossed  the  Ehone 
near  Orange,  would  find  himself,  after  his  passage,  in  the 
country  occupied  in  the  Roman  times  by  the  Cavares,  and 
a  few  miles  from  the  southern  frontier  of  the  Tricastini. 
Marching  subsequently  up  the  Rhone  through  the  country 
of  the  Tricastini  and  Sego-vellauni  or  Segalauni,  he  would 
arrive  at  the  Isere,  the  boundary  of  the  district  called  the 
Island.  The  Segalauni  are  not  mentioned  by  Livy  :  they 
are  perhaps  included  by  him  among  the  Tricastini.  Both 
these  tribes  are  included  by  Strabo  among  the  Cavares^:  it 
is  by  Ptolemy  that  they  are  mentioned  as  distinct  tribes^. 
These  three  tribes  occupied  the  level  country  along  the 
Rhone  from  the  Durance  to  the  Isere.  On  their  east,  and 
extending  in  like  manner  from  the  Durance  to  the  Isere, 
the  Vocontii  lived  among  the  Alps  bordering  on  the  plain. 

1   Lib.  IV.  2  Lib.  II. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  131 

Vaison^  and  Die-  were  two  of  their  towns  ;  and  their  terri- 
tory along  the  Durance  reached,  according  to  Strabo^  as 
far  as  Embrun,  where  the  Cottian  land  began.  Among  the 
Vocontii  must  therefore  be  comprised  a  tribe  called  the 
Caturiges,  one  of  whose  towns  was  Caturiges,  or  Caturigpe, 
now  Chorges.  It  is  necessary  to  distinguish  this  tribe 
carefully  from  the  Cottian  Caturiges,  who  bordered  on  the 
Salassi.  Some  other  small  tribes  may  also  have  been  in- 
cluded among  the  Vocontii.  The  eastern,  or  north-eastern, 
boundary  of  the  Vocontii  seems  to  have  been  the  river 
Drac.  Their  frontier  could  not  well  have  been  far  from 
that  river,  on  whichever  bank  it  may  have  lain. 

Before  proceeding  further  with  the  consideration  of 
Livy's  narrative,  it  will  also  be  advisable  to  define,  in  this 
place,  the  position  of  two  other  tribes,  the  iMedulli  and 
Tricorii.  The  Medulli  are  mentioned  in  the  list,  given  by 
Pliny,  of  the  Alpine  tribes  subdued  by  Augustus  (Hist. 
Nat.  III.  20.)*  Their  name  occurs  there  between  the  Acita- 
vones  and  the  Uceni.  Now  the  Acitavones  seem  clearly  to 
be  the  same  tribe  as  the  Centrones.  For  the  name  of  the 
Centrones  does  not  appear  in  the  list,  and  the  name  of  the 
Acitavones  is  found  where  that  of  the  Centrones,  who 
dwelt  in  the  Tarentaise,  should  occur;  (i.e.)  after  the 
Nantuates,  Seduni,  Veragri,  and  Salassi.  The  Uceni  in- 
habited the  Pays  d'Oysans,  the  valley  of  the  Eomanche. 
The  Medulli  would  thus  naturally  be  sought  between  the 
Tarentaise  and  the  Pays  d'Oysans,  (i.e.)  in  the  Maurienne. 
According  to  Ptolemy  •\  they  lived  above  the  Allobroges, 
a  statement  which  would  also  fix  them  in  the  INIaurienne, 
or,  at  any  rate,  the  Lower  Maurienne,  as  being  the  only 
district  bordering  on  the  territory  of  the  Allobroges  not 


1  PtoL  Lib.  n.  2  Dca  Vocontiorum.  ^  Lib.  IV. 

*  Goritca  Alpinio  dcvictaj:  Tiiumpilini,  Camuni,  Vciinonctos,  Isarci, 
Brcuni,  Nauncs,  Focuiiatcs;  Viiidclicorum  gontcs  quatuor,  Consuanctos, 
Virucinatcs,  Licatcs,  Catenates,  Abisoiites,  Kugusci,  Suanetes,  Calucones, 
Bri.xeiites,  Lepontii,  Vibori,  Nantuates,  Seiluni,  Veragri,  Salasi,  Acita- 
vones, Mcflulli,  Uceni,  Caturiges,  Brigiani,  Sogiontii,  Ebnnluntii,  Neina- 
loni,  Edcnatcs,  Esubiani,  Veamini,  Gallittc,  Triulatti,  Ectini,  Verguuui, 
Eguituri,  Nemcnturi,  Oratelli,  Nerusi,  Velauni,  Suctri. 

6  Lib.  IL 

9—2 


132  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

occupied  by  some  other  tribe.  We  should  be  led  also, 
from  Strabo's  account',  to  place  the  Medulli  in  the  Mauri- 
enne.  '  Above  the  Cavares,"'  Strabo  says,  '  are  the  Vocon- 
tii,  the  Tricorii,  the  Iconii,  the  Medulli.'  He  states  again 
further  on ;  '  Beyond  the  Vocontii  are  the  Siconii,  the  Tri- 
corii, and  beyond  these  the  Medulli,  who  inhabit  the  most 
lofty  mountains.'  This  description  again  tends  to  fix  the 
Medulli  in  the  Maurienne,  the  Iconii  or  Siconii  being  pro- 
bably the  Uceni.  The  position  of  the  Medulli  being  thus 
ascertained,  that  of  the  Tricorii  is  easily  found.  They 
dwelt  between  the  Vocontii  and  the  Medulli,  bordering 
also,  in  all  probability,  upon  the  Uceni.  Their  territory 
would  thus  lie  to  the  east  of  the  Drac,  and  would  extend 
towards  the  Lower  Maurienne  and  the  Pays  d'Oysans. 
How  far  they  reached  to  the  south  is  uncertain ;  perhaps 
about  as  far  as  the  present  boundary  of  the  department  of 
the  Isere. 

The  Medulli,  then,  were  the  inhabitants  of  the  Lower 
Maurienne  2.  The  Upper  Maurienne,  it  will  afterwards 
appear,  was  occupied  by  another  tribe.  The  Tricorii  dwelt 
to  the  south-west  of  the  Medulli,  and  to  the  south  of  the 


1  Lib.  IV. 

2  The  mountains  of  the  Maurienne  are  very  high ;  a  century  ago,  they 
were  thought,  erroneously,  to  be  the  highest  of  the  Alps.  Biisching  says 
that  "  in  Maurienne,  more  than  in  any  other  part  (i.e.  of  the  Alps)  are 
found  mountains  of  immense  height."  This  agrees  with  what  Strabo 
says  of  the  position  of  the  Medulli. 

Strabo  speaks  also  in  this  place  of  a  pass  from  the  country  of  the 
Medulli  into  that  of  the  Taurini ;  but  his  account  is  very  deficient  in 
accuracy.  The  pass,  however,  which  he  speaks  of,  seems  clearly  to  bo 
that  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis.  The  length  of  the  ascent,  he  says,  is 
stated  to  be  100  stadia ;  and  the  descent  to  the  frontiers  of  Italy  is  said 
to  be  of  the  same  length.  Now  the  valley  of  the  Arc  is  left,  and  the 
ascent  to  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  begins,  at  Bramans ;  from  which  place 
to  Susa,  the  frontier  town  of  Italy,  (it  is  named  as  such  in  the  Itine- 
rary from  Bourdeaux  to  Jerusalem)  the  distance  is  very  nearly  200 
stadia,  the  lake  on  the  summit  of  the  Mont  Cenis  being  about  half-way. 
Indeed,  as  will  afterwards  be  shewn,  the  distance  from  Bramans  to  Susa, 
by  the  Little  Mont  Cenis,  is  given  in  the  Peutingerian  Table  as  25  Roman 
miles,  or  exactly  200  stadia. 

The  great  lake  which  Strabo  mentions  must  be  that  on  the  Mont 
Cenis.      The  exaggeration,  by  which   this  small  lake  is  spoken  of  as  a 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS.  133 

country  of  Allevard,  and  extended  probably  to  Grenoble 
and  the  river  Drac. 

Having  followed  up  the  Ehone,  and  arrived  on  the 
banks  of  the  Isere,  Hannibal  reached  the  confines  of  the 
district  called  the  Island.  Livy's  account  of  the  trans- 
actions in  this  country  rather  differs  from  that  of  Polybius. 
According  to  Livy,  Hannibal  was  chosen  as  arbitrator  be- 
tween the  two  brothers  who  were  contending  for  the 
sovereignty ;  while  Polybius  states  that  the  assistance  of 
the  Carthaginians  was  requested  by  the  elder  brother  alone, 
and  that  the  younger  brother  was  expelled  in  consequence 
of  Hannibal's  joining  his  forces  with  those  of  the  elder. 
The  discrepancy,  however,  is  of  no  importance  with  regard 
to  the  present  question. 

Livy  calls  the  inhabitants  of  the  Island,  Allobroges. 
They  were  such  in  his  time,  but  not  in  that  of  Hannibal, 
as  is  perfectly  clear  from  the  narrative  of  Polybius.  Livy 
indeed  says  at  first,  with  respect  to  the  Island,  that  the 
Allobroges  live  near  it.  He  should  have  said  that  they 
lived  near  it  in  the  time  of  Hannibal.  It  was  subsequent 
to  that  period  that  the  Island  was  comprised  in  the  ter- 
ritory of  the  Allobroges,  their  name  being  probably  applied 
in  the  course  of  time  to  all  the  tribes  they  absorbed  in 
succession  ^ 


great  one,  may  lead  us  to  infer  that  Strabo  was  not  personally  acquainted 
with  this  country.  Gray,  however,  in  his  letters,  speaks  of  the  lake  on  the 
Mont  Cenis  as  a  'great  lake.'  Considering  its  position,  it  perhaps  is  so. 
It  is  also  a  great  inaccuracy  to  speak  of  the  sources  of  the  Durance  and  tho 
Dora  Baltea,  the  Salassian  Dora,  as  being  near  one  another,  and  on  the 
same  mountain  as  tho  lake.  Strabo  has  probably  confounded  with  one 
another  tho  Dora  Susina  and  the  Dora  Baltea,  and  combined  together, 
as  if  the  two  were  but  one  pass,  the  features  of  the  Mont  Cenis  and 
tho  Mont  Gencvre.  As  both  these  roads  cross  the  Cottian  Alps,  unite  at 
Susa,  and  lead  into  the  country  of  the  Tauriiii,  tho  mistake  may  have 
occurred.  A  similar  error,  as  will  afterwards  appear,  is  made  in  the 
Peutingcrian  Table,  tho  '  Alpis  Cottia'  and  tho  '  Alpes  Cottiro'  being  there 
confoundctl.  It  is  perhaps  from  this  lake,  tho  *Ceann-uisg,'  or  'river- 
head,'  that  tho  pass  has  taken  the  name  of  tho  Mont  'Cenis.' 

1  Sonicthiiig  analogous  to  the  probablo  extension  of  tlio  name  of  tho 
Allobroges  may  porha].s  bo  l\)und  in  the  case  of  the  modorn  Switzerland, 
tho  district  so  called  originally  comprising  scarcely  more  than  one-half  of 
the  present  Canton  of  Schwyz. 


134  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

The  account  which  Livy  gives  of  the  march  of  Han- 
nibal from  the  Island  to  the  Alps  is  attended  with  con- 
siderable difficulty :  indeed,  as  previously  mentioned,  it  is 
inexplicable  without  alteration.  The  passage  runs  thus : 
'  Sedatis  certaminibus  AUobrogum,  cum  jam  Alpes  peteret, 
non  recta  regione  iter  instituit,  sed  ad  Icevam  in  Tricastinos 
flexit ;  inde  per  extremam  oram  Vocontiorum  agri  tendit 
in  Tricorios,  baud  usquam  impedita  via  priusquam  ad 
Druentiam  flumen  pervenit.' 

When  Hannibal  had  arranged  the  affairs  of  the  Island, 
(the  inhabitants  of  which  Livy  here  erroneously  calls  Allo- 
broges,)  he  would  resume  his  march  to  the  Alps,  as  we 
have  previously  concluded  from  Polybius,  from  the  con- 
fluence of  the  Rhone  and  the  Isere.  But  if  from  this  point 
he  turned  to  the  left,  he  would  be  going  away  from, 
instead  of  approaching,  the  country  of  the  Tricastini. 
Besides,  if  Hannibal  struck  into  the  territory  of  the  Tri- 
castini, and  then  proceeded  along  the  Vocontian  frontier 
till  he  reached  the  Tricorii,  his  movements  would  be  quite 
inexplicable.  He  would,  on  this  supposition,  have  retraced 
his  steps  down  the  Rhone,  or  nearly  so,  and  then  have 
gained  the  country  of  the  Tricorii  by  the  very  circuitous 
route  of  Vaison,  the  Durance,  and  the  valley  of  the  Drac : 
for  it  was  along  the  Vocontian  frontier,  and  not  through 
the  Vocontian  territory,  that  Hannibal  directed  his  march 
towards  the  Tricorii,  It  is  quite  clear  that  this  route  is 
inadmissible,  and  that  Livy's  account  is  erroneous. 

A  single  correction,  however,  grounded  on  the  con- 
clusions previously  drawn  from  Livy's  character,  seems  to 
remove  the  difficulty.  All  the  facts  in  the  passage  cited 
are  true,  but  one  of  them  is  misplaced.  The  transactions 
at  the  Island  occurred,  not  before,  but  after,  the  passage 
through  the  country  of  the  Tricastini.  When  Hannibal 
had  crossed  the  Rhone,  he  had  the  Alps  immediately  before 
him  :  their  passage  was  the  next  act  of  the  expedition : 
then  it  was  '  cum  jam  Alpes  peteret.'  Now  had  lie  made 
directly  for  the  mountains,  he  would  have  gone  to  the  east. 
This,  however,  he  did  not  do :  '  non  recta  regione  iter 
instituit.'  Instead  of  proceeding  in  this  direction,  Han- 
nibal, being  then  near  Orange,  almost  on  the  northern 
frontier  of  the  Cavarcs,  'ad  hevam  in  Tricastinos  flexit,' 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  335 

turned  to  the  left  (the  north)  into  the  country  of  the  Tri- 
castini,  and  thus  arrived,  marching  along  the  side  of  the 
Hhone,  at  the  point  where  the  Isere  joins  it.  The  disputes 
of  the  men  of  the  Island  were  then  settled,  and  the  march 
resumed  from  the  confluence  of  the  two  rivers.  '  Inde  per 
extremam  oram  Vocontiorum  agri  tendit  in  Tricorios,'  he 
directed  his  march  along  the  left  bank  of  the  Isere,  the 
northern  boundary  of  the  Vocontian  territory,  and  thus 
reached  the  country  of  the  Tricorii,  who  dwelt  beyond  the 
Drac.  This  seems  to  be  the  course  indicated  by  Livy  as 
that  which  Hannibal  followed.  It  is  the  same  as  that  which 
has  been  deduced  from  Polybius,  and  is  clearly  the  only 
route  by  which  the  statements  of  both  historians  can  be 
reconciled'. 

Another  difficulty  now  results  from  Livy's  narrative. 
He  speaks  of  the  Durance  (Druentia)  as  lying  on  Hanni- 
bal's way  to  the  Alps.  This,  however,  is  not  possible.  In 
order  to  reach  the  Durance  from  the  neighbourhood  of 
Grenoble,  Hannibal  must  have  followed  up  the  valley  of 
the  Drac,  crossed  the  mountains  to  Gap,  and  thus  arrived 
at  the  Durance.  But,  after  crossing  the  Durance,  Livy 
says  that  Hannibal's  route  lay  through  a  country  of  a  level 
character,  which  certainly  would  not  be  found  beyond  the 
Durance,  or  in  the  valley  of  that  river.  Neither  could 
Hannibal  arrive  by  this  route  in  the  country  of  the  Allo- 
broges,  the  first  tribe,  according  to  Polybius,  b}^  whom 
Hannibal  was  attacked.  Livy  does  not,  it  is  true,  call  this 
tribe  Allobroges,  but  Polybius's  authority  is  conclusive  upon 
the  subject,  and  Livy  speaks  of  the  attack  as  being  subse- 
quent to  the  passage  of  the  Druentia. 

There  seems  to  be  little  doubt  that  Livy  has  made 
another  error  here,  and  has  mistaken  some  river  of  similar 
name  for  the  Durance ;  and,  under  the  influence  of  this 
deception,  has  introduced  the  description  he  gives  of  the 
Durance,  of  which  river  it  is  a  sufficiently  correct  account. 


1  It  is  conjectured  by  the  author  of  A  Dissertation  on  the  passage  of 
Hannibal  over  the  Alps,  by  a  member  of  the  University  of  Oxford,  (p.  95), 
tliat  the  text  of  Livy  is  corrupt  in  this  place.  There  seoms  however  no 
sufTiciont  reason  for  adopting  tliis  supposition.  The  fault  is  Livy's, 
rather  than  his  transcrihor's.  The  text  is  probably  correct,  but  the  his- 
torian lias  fallen  into  an  error. 


136  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

Now  the  name  Durance,  a  term  of  Celtic  origin,  is  applied, 
under  different  forms,  to  more  than  one  Alpine  river  ^  In 
the  Chablais  and  the  Vallais,  it  occurs  under  the  con- 
tracted form  Dranse,  a  name  so  nearly  resembling  Drac, 
as  to  render  it  not  improbable,  that  it  was  the  Drac  which 
was  mistaken  by  Livy  for  the  Durance^.  The  Roman  name 
of  the  Drac  is  not  known :  but,  as  the  word  Drac,  or 
Dur-ac,  is  unquestionably  Celtic,  the  river  must  have  borne 
among  its  inhabitants,  in  the  Roman  times,  a  name  not 
greatly  different  from  that  which  it  bears  at  present,  and 
therefore  one  having  a  considerable  resemblance  to  Dranse 
and  Durance.  It  is  thus  not  unreasonable  to  suppose, 
that,  misled  by  the  similarity  of  names,  Livy  mistook,  in 
the  accounts  given  him,  the  Drac  for  the  Durance,  called 
in  consequence  the  Drac,  Druentia,  and  applied  to  it  the 
descrijjtion  he  gives,  which  he  no  doubt  intended  for  the 
Durance.  It  will  be  seen  at  once,  on  reference  to  the 
map,  that  an  army,  marching  up  the  left  bank  of  the  Isere 
into  the  country  of  the  Tricorii,  would  find  the  Drac 
directly  in  their  May,  This  river  is  at  all  times  a  con- 
siderable mountain-stream :  when  swollen  with  rain,  as 
Livy  states  it  to  have  been  when  Hannibal  crossed  it, 
the  passage  would  have  presented  sufficient  difficulty  to  be 
of  the  importance  he  assigns  to  it^. 

Having  crossed  the  Drac,  Hannibal's  future  march 
must  have  lain  up  the  Graisivaudan;  for,  according  to 
Livy,  the  country  through  which  he  passed  was  of  a  level 
character.  '  Hannibal  ab  Druentia  campestri  maxime  inti- 
ncre  ad  Alpes  cum  bona  pace  incolentium  ea  loca  Gallo- 
rum  pervenit.''  This  cannot  be  said  of  the  valley  of  the 
Drac  or  of  the  valley  of  the  Romanche,  through  which  lie 
the  two  routes  to  the  Mont  Genovre.  It  was  not  then  the 
Mont  Gencvre  which  Hannibal  crossed ;  but,  as  far  as 
appears  from  this  portion  of  the  narrative,  the  Mont  Cenis, 
or  else  the   Great  or  Little  St  Bernard,  all  which  passes 


1  Tlio  first  syllable  is  the  word  '  dur'  or  '  dwr,'  '  water.'  The  second 
clement  is  found  in  the  Anza,  the  name  of  the  river  of  the  Val  Anzasca. 

2  Strabo  calls  the  Dora  Baltoa,  '  Apovfvria,'  Lib.  V. 

3  The  Drac,  and  the  Druentia  of  Livy,  have  been  previously  concluded 
to  be  identical  by  RL  Larauza.  Sec  Ukcrt's  Ocographie,  Aiipendix  on 
Hannibal's  Passage  of  the  Alps. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS  137 

might  be  reached  by  the  way  of  the  Graisivaudan.  But 
Hannibal  eventually  arrived,  after  crossing  the  Alps,  ac- 
cording to  Livy,  as  well  as  Polybius  and  Strabo,  in  the 
country  of  the  Taurini ;  so  that  he  must  have  passed  the 
Mont  Cenis,  and  not  either  of  the  St  Bernards,  both  of 
the  latter  roads  leading  through  the  country  of  the  Salassi 
into  that  of  the  Libui  or  Libicii. 

After  noticing  the  Tricorii,  no  proper  names  occur 
in  Livy  till  the  Taurini  are  mentioned.  The  historian  loses 
himself  among  the  Alps,  a  region  of  which  he  appears  not 
only  personally  ignorant,  but  also  to  have  failed  in  forming 
any  tolerably  accurate  conception.  Having  brought  the 
Carthaginians  to  the  foot  of  the  Alps,  he  speaks  as  if  the 
view  of  the  mountains  had  then  for  the  first  time  burst 
upon  them,  and  transplants  the  features  of  the  high  Alps 
to  the  country  at  the  commencement  of  the  mountains, 
which  would  have  been  of  an  entirely  different  character. 
'  Turn,  quanquam  fama  prius,  qua  incerta  in  majus  vero 
ferri  solent,  prpecepta  res  erat,  tamen  ex  propinquo  visa 
montium  altitudo  nivesque  coelo  prope  immixtae,  tecta 
informia  imposita  rupibus,  pecora  jumentaque  torrida 
frigore,  homines  intonsi  et  inculti,  animalia  inanimataque 
omnia  rigentia  gelu,  csetera  visu  quam  dictu  foediora,  ter- 
rorem  renovarunt.'  This  description,  eloquent  and  pic- 
turesque as  it  is,  and  however  graphic  it  may  still  beS 
when  applied  to  the  high  valleys  in  the  Alps,  is  quite  out 
of  place  where  it  stands. 

Livy's  account  of  the  contest  with  the  Allobroges,  and 
the  attack  made  upon  Hannibal  at  the  'strong  white  rock' 
of  Polybius,  may  be  passed  over.  Polybius  has  clearly 
furnished  here  the  main  groundwork  of  the  Latin  narrative  : 
and  it  would  have  been  well  if  Livy  had  adhered  more 
closely  than  he  has  done  to  his  principal  authority.  For  his 
accounts  of  both  battles  arc  very  confused,  and  cannot  be 
correct.  His  explanation  of  the  separation  of  the  Cartha- 
ginian army  into  two  parts  near  the  Rock  is  exceedingly 
faulty,  and  <[uite  at  variance  with  tlic  narrative  of  Poly- 
bius, though  clearly  drawn  from  it.   Livy  docs  not  seem  to 


1  See  Cray's  Letters. 


138  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

have  understood  how  the  separation  of  the  army  into  two 
bodies  could  have  ensured  its  safety.  He  therefore  aban- 
dons his  authority,  and  makes  the  Carthaginian  line  of 
march  cut  in  two  by  the  Gauls,  who  descend  from  the 
mountains  into  the  valley,  interpose  themselves  between 
the  two  divisions  of  the  army  which  they  have  thus 
broken  through,  and  remain  in  this  position  all  night.  Yet 
from  this  important  stroke,  which  must  inevitably  have 
brought  on  a  severe  contest  on  the  following  day,  nothing 
results  ;  and  the  two  divisions  of  the  Carthaginian  army 
are  represented  as  being  reunited  on  that  day  with  little 
or  no  difficulty,  the  opposition  of  the  Gauls  being  much 
relaxed.  The  heat  of  the  conflict  thus  subsides,  according 
to  Livy,  exactly  at  the  time  when  it  ought,  as  far  as  can  be 
judged,  to  have  risen  to  the  highest  pitchy 

There  must  be  considerable  exaggeration  in  what  Livy 
relates,  of  the  Carthaginians  having  been  led  astray  by 
their  guides,  and  of  their  endeavouring  to  find  a  way  for 
themselves,  by  following  up  certain  valleys  at  random.  The 
Cisalpine  Gauls,  who  were  with  Hannibal,  would  have  been 
able  to  act  as  guides  to  the  Carthaginians  sufficiently  well 
to  prevent  them  making  any  important  deviations  from 
the  right  course.  In  certain  local  difficulties  they  may, 
however,  have  had  recourse  to  the  inhabitants  of  the 
country,  and  have  pressed  some  of  them  into  their  service 
as  guides.  By  such  guides,  if  they  employed  them,  they 
might  have  been  led  a  little  out  of  their  way  in  places ; 
but  that  they  should  have  gone  astray  to  any  important 
extent  is  not  likely.  As  to  their  seeking  a  way  for  them- 
selves by  entering  into  different  valleys  on  conjecture,  the 
supposition  is  very  improbable,  and  can  hardly  be  enter- 
tained for  a  moment. 

Livy's  account  of  Hannibal's  exhibiting  to  his  soldiers, 
from  the  summit  of  the  pass,  the  prospect  of  Italy,  seems 
partially  drawn  from   some  other   source   than  Polybius, 


1  Livy  ppoaks  of  the  first  meeting  with  these  Gauls,  and  their  subse- 
quent attack  upon  Hannibal,  as  if  both  events  occurred  on  the  same  day, 
(i.e.)  the  fourth  day  after  leaving  the  '  town.'  Ho  omits  the  two  days  of 
guidance  mentioned  by  Polybius. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  139 

and  presents  us  with  some  additional  circumstances.  Two 
days,  Livy  says,  the  Carthaginians  remained  encamped 
at  the  summit  of  the  pass.  With  this  circumstance  Poly- 
bius  supplied  him :  what  next  follows  appears  to  have 
been  derived  from  another  quarter.  At  the  first  dawn  of 
day  (the  narrative  proceeds)  the  standards  were  advanced, 
(apparently  leading  the  way  down  into  Italy).  The  marching 
columns  followed  slowly  and  without  spirit  through  the 
snow,  while  an  expression  of  sluggish  and  hopeless  de- 
jection was  stamped  on  the  faces  of  all  the  men.  Han- 
nibal, seeing  this,  passed  on  before  the  standards,  and 
ordered  a  halt  to  be  made  at  a  certain  promontory,  which 
commanded  a  very  extensive  view,  and  from  whence  he 
pointed  out  Italy  to  his  soldiers  ^  '  Per  omnia  nive  oppleta 
cum  signis  prima  luce  motis  segniter  agmen  incederet, 
pigritiaque  et  desperatio  in  omnium  vultu  emineret,  prse- 
gressus  signa  Hannibal  in  promontorio  qiiodam,  unde  longe 
ac  late  prospectus  erat,  consistere  jussis  militibus  Italiam 
ostentat  subjectosque  Alpinis  montibus  Circumpadanos 
campos,  mccniaque  eos  tum  transcendere  non  Italise  modo 
sed  etiam  urbis  Romanse.' 

The  place  from  which  it  has  been  concluded  that  Han- 
nibal pointed  out  Italy  to  his  soldiers,  has  been  already 
mentioned".  It  is  a  narrow  ridge  about  half  a  mile  long, 
nearly  level  at  the  summit,  and  separated  on  the  north 
from  the  rest  of  the  hilly  range  to  which  it  belongs  by  the 
hollow  through  which  runs  the  road  from  the  Little  Mont 
Cenis.  It  presents  a  very  steep  slope  towards  the  plain 
of  La  Grande  Croix  on  the  east,  and  terminates  on  the 
south,  above  the  plain  of  St  Nicholas,  in  a  sheer  preci- 
pice many  hundreds  of  feet  in  height.  An  eminence  of  this 
kind  is  accurately  defined  as  a  promontory :  and  it  is  very 
remarkable,  that  the  consideration  of  Polybius'  narrative 
alone,  who  is  quite  silent  as  to  the  natiu'c  of  the  point 
from  which  Italy  was  seen,  should  have  led  to  the  con- 
clusion, independently  of  Livy,  that  it  was  from  this  pro- 


1  This  circumstance  rondci-s  the  adoption  of  any  pass  but  tlio  Mont 
Cenis  irroconcileablo  witli  Livy's  narrative. 

^  P.  115. 


140  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

montory  that  Hannibal   pointed  out    to   his  soldiers  the 
plains  of  the  Po. 

According  to  Polybius,  Italy  was  seen  while  the  Car- 
thaginians remained  on  the  summit  of  the  pass.  According 
to  Livy,  it  would  appear  that  it  was  seen  at  the  com- 
mencement of  the  descent.  The  conclusion,  which  has 
been  drawn,  that  it  was  seen  from  the  road,  or  close  to 
the  road,  between  the  plateau  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis 
and  La  Grande  Croix,  reconciles  this  apparent  disagree- 
ment. For  the  descent  from  this  pass  into  Italy  is  con- 
sidered to  begin  from  La  Grande  Croix,  all  the  ground 
above,  though  varying  considerably  in  level,  being  included 
in  the  plateaux  which  form  the  summit  of  the  Mont  Cenis. 
Hannibal,  therefore,  when  on  the  promontory,  or  at  La 
Grande  Croix,  would  still  be  correctly  spoken  of  by  Poly- 
bius as  being  on  the  summit  of  the  pass.  Yet  he  might 
naturally  be  mentioned  by  another  author  as  having  begun 
his  descent,  when  on  his  way  from  the  plateau  of  the  Little 
Mont  Cenis  to  La  Grande  Croix.  For  La  Grande  Croix  is 
600  feet  below  the  Col  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis,  and  not 
less  than  400  below  the  general  level  of  that  plateau ;  so 
that  the  route  from  the  plateau  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis 
to  La  Grande  Croix  is,  strictly  speaking,  a  descent.  It 
would  be  very  singular,  if  the  Mont  Cenis  were  not  the 
pass  crossed  by  Hannibal,  that  it  should  afford  so  obvious 
and  simple  an  explanation  of  what  at  first  sight  appears 
a  direct  contradiction  between  the  two  authors. 

Livy  has  not  observed,  that,  if  the  day  on  which  Italy 
was  seen  be  included  among  the  days  of  descent,  two  days 
cannot  be  allowed  for  the  encampment  at  the  summit  of 
the  pass.  He  should  therefore  have  diminished  to  one  the 
two  days  he  mentions,  and  which  he  found  given  in 
Polybius.  By  these  means  he  would  have  made  his  narra- 
tive of  the  events  at  the  summit  of  the  pass  quite  con- 
sistent in  itself,  and  completely  in  accordance,  though 
at  first  siglit  apparently  at  variance,  with  the  account  of 
the  Greek  historian. 

Livy's  statement,  that  the  descent  from  the  Alps,  on 
the  side  of  Italy,  is  shorter  and  more  rapid  than  it  is  on 
the  other  side,  is  quite  correct.     On  the  pass  of  the  Mont 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  141 

Cenis  this  is  particularly  remarkable ;  Susa  being  more 
than  5000  feet  below  either  of  the  Cols  of  the  Great  or 
Little  Mont  Cenis. 

In  relating  the  events  which  occurred  at  the  place 
where  the  path  was  destroyed,  Livy  has  introduced  some 
additional  circumstances.  It  was  by  the  falling-  away  of 
the  earth,  Livy  says,  that  the  path  was  broken  up.  This 
is  no  doubt  correct :  but  when  he  mentions  that  the  effect 
of  this  landslip  was  to  produce  a  precipice  a  thousand  feet 
high,  he  has  plainly  fallen  into  an  error  by  misinterpreting 
Polybius.  The  broken  ground,  along  which  the  path  ran, 
was  a  thousand  feet  across :  the  measurement  has  nothino* 
to  do  with  the  height  of  the  precipice,  which  the  path 
skirted. 

This  precipice,  along  which  the  path  lay,  was,  accord- 
ing to  Livy,  so  steep,  that  a  light-armed  soldier  coidd  only 
manage  with  difficulty  to  accomplish  the  descent,  by  avail- 
ing himself  of  the  bushes  and  stumps  which  presented 
themselves  here  and  there  upon  the  declivity.  The  moun- 
tain-side between  La  Ferriere  and  La  Novalese,  which  has 
been  previously  mentioned  as  the  place  where  Hannibal 
was  most  probably  stopped,  is  a  precipice  of  exactly  this 
kind.  There  are  several  bushes  scattered  about  its  sur- 
face, by  which  an  unencumbered  man  would  be  greatly 
assisted  in  an  attempt  to  get  down,  and  by  the  aid  of 
which  he  might  succeed,  without  much  difficulty,  in  effect- 
ing a  descent. 

The  '  glacies '  of  Livy  is  identical  with  the  '  vetus  nix ' 
he  mentions  just  before.  It  was  old  snow,  Avhich  had  be- 
come hard  and  solid,  and  not  real  ice.  It  might  be  merely 
the  want  of  a  word  to  express  this  old  snow,  which  induced 
Livy  to  call  it  '  glacies  '  or  '  ice'.' 


1  In  SmoUot's  Travels  through  France  and  Itah/ fjjottor  wwii.,  ho 
speaks  of  the  hard  snow  covering  in  March  the  Col  do  Tondo  as  '  ice.' 
Latrol)e,  also,  in  his  Alpenstock;  speaks  of  *  ice'  in  summer  on  the  Great 
St  Bernard.  Ico  is  likewise  spoken  of  on  the  passes  of  the  Spliigen, 
and  of  the  Monte  Tonale,  in  tho  account  of  Macdonald's  expedition  iu 
the  year  1800.  (Alison's  Europe,  Chap,  xxxii.)  Indeed,  in  this  latter 
work,  even  glaciers  are  miMitionod  as  existing  on  jiassos  ]>i'rfoctly  free 
from  them,  as  on  tho  Susten,  tho   Niifanen,  and  tho  Wunnser  Joch. 


142  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

Hannibal,  having  been  defeated  in  his  attempt  to  effect 
a  circuitous  route,  by  the  difficulties  which  the  old  snow 
presented,  was  at  length  obliged  to  encamp  above  the 
broken  path. 

'  Tandem  nequicquam  jumentis  atque  hominibus  fati- 
gatis,  castra  in  jugo  posita,  segerrime  ad  id  ipsum  loco 
purgato :  tantum  nivis  fodiendum  atque  egerendura  fuit. 
Inde  ad  rupem  muniendam^  per  quam  unam  via  esse  po- 
terat,  milites  ducti,  cum  csedendum  esset  saxum,  arboribus 
circa  immanibus  dejectis  detruncatisque  struem  ingentem 
lignorum  faciunt,  eamque,  cum  et  vis  venti  apta  faciendo 
igni  coorta  esset,  succendunt,  ardentiaque  saxa  infusa  aceto 
putrefaciunt.  Ita  torridam  incendio  rupem  ferro  pandunt, 
molliuntque  amfractibus  modicis  clivos,  ut  non  jumenta 
solum  sed  elephanti  etiam  deduci  possent ' 

This  story  seems  very  extravagant.  Polybius  makes 
no  mention  of  this  method  of  breaking  up  the  rock,  nor 
even  of  cutting  a  way  through  the  rock  at  all.  Besides,  it 
is  certain,  both  from  Polybius  and  even  from  Livy  himself, 
that  there  were  no  great  trees,  nor  even  any  trees  whatever, 
in  this  neighbourhood.  Nothing  but  some  bushes  would 
have  been  found  to  make  a  fire  with  :  the  vast  pile  of  trees 
mentioned  by  Livy  could  never  have  been  constructed. 
And  even  if  the  materials  could  have  been  found  for  it,  it  is 
difficult  to  say  where  it  could  have  been  placed  on  the  face 
of  a  precipice,  which  seems  to  be  the  position  Livy  assigns 
to  it.  The  liquid  mentioned  as  '  acetura '  or  *  vinegar ' 
would  probably  be  the  thin  acid  wine,  which  the  soldiers 
may  have  had  with  them,  and  which  might  have  been  used 
because  there  was  little  or  no  water  to  be  found  in  that  snow- 
covered  neighbourhood.  They  would  hardly,  however,  have 
had  a  sufficient  quantity  of  this  vinegar  to  have  been  em- 
ployed in  making  a  long  zigzag  route  down  a  precipice,  or 
even  perhaps  to  have  broken  up  the  rock  to  any  extent. 


Yet  it  is  only  snow  which  could  have  been  found  on  any  of  these  passes. 
On  the  Col  dc  Tende  and  the  Monte  Tonale  the  snow  is  not  even  per- 
manent through  the  summer.  A  word  is  in  fact  wanting  for  this  old 
and  hardened  snow  :  the  use  of  the  word  'neve'  is  confined  to  the  upper 
and  snowy  parts  of  glaciers,  and  is  not  applied  to  hard  snow  generally. 
1   TtiJ'  KpTjuvov   (^uKodufjLdf  Pol^b. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  143 

Yet,  although  this  story  is  clearly  extravagant,  it  is  not 
satisfactory  to  reject  it  as  a  pure  invention.  Such  tales 
are  generally  exaggerations  or  perversions  of  something 
true,  and  are  seldom  quite  groundless.  The  foundation 
of  this  story  is,  however,  difficult  to  be  discovered,  or 
its  omission  by  Polybius  to  be  accounted  for.  This  omis- 
sion, indeed,  seems  of  itself  to  prove  that  it  was  not  a 
very  important  or  singular  event.  The  true  explanation 
of  the  origin  of  the  story  must  always  remain  very  doubt- 
ful, and  it  seems  impossible  to  offer  a  conjecture  on  the 
subject  with  any  confidence^ 


1 


There  is  perhaps  some  room  for  a  suspicion,  that  it  was  not  the  rock, 
but  the  old  snow  hardened  almost  to  the  consistency  of  rock,  which  was 
cut  through  by  Hannibal.  The  want  of  a  proper  word  for  old  snow,  by 
which  it  might  have  been  distinguished  from  fresh  snow,  may  partially 
have  conduced  to  such  an  eiTor,  by  vitiating  the  story  as  it  came  down 
from  hand  to  hand  till  it  reached  Livy.  The  manner  in  which  the  event 
is  related  by  Appian  gives  some  colour  to  this  surmise.  He  says  :  '  As 
there  was  a  great  quantity  of  snow,  and  it  had  been  rendered  hard  by 
frost,  (this  seems  the  force  of  Kpiovs  here)  Hannibal  cut  some  wood  near 
and  burnt  it,  and  then  poured  water  and  vinegar  on  the  ashes :  and  the 
rock  being  by  these  means  decomposed,  he  broke  it  up  with  iron  ham- 
mers,  and  made  a  way.'  x'o'""*  ^f  ttoXX^s  oi/'o-tjs  Ka\  Kpxiovs,  t^v  fiev  v\t]v 
Tffjivcov  re  Ka\  KaraKaiwv,  Tr]v  be  rect)pav  (r^evvvs  vbari  Koi  o|«,  koi  t^v  nerpap 
(K  Tovbe  yj^acpapav  yiyvoptvr)v,  <T(f><>pais  o-iBrjpals  BpaCav  Koi  oSottoicoi/.— Appian, 
Lib.  VII.  De  Bello  Annibalico. 

There  is  of  course  no  doubt  about  Appian's  meaning  here,  the  break- 
ing up  of  the  rock  being  plainly  stated :  indeed  ho  immediately  after- 
wards  expressly  mentions  a  particular  cutting  in  the  rock  as  being  known 
by  the  name  of  the  S(o8os 'Am'/3ov ;  a  groundless  tradition  probably,  but 
alluded  to  in  such  a  manner,  as  to  make  Appian's  own  opinion  on  the 
subject  perfectly  clear.  Still,  though  there  can  bo  no  question  about  Ap- 
pian's meaning  in  the  passage  quoted,  its  strikingly  inconsequent  character 
tends  to  raise  a  doubt  as  to  his  right  apprehension  of  the  accounts  from 
which  ho  composed  his  narrative.  For  there  could  be  no  reason  why 
Hannibal  should  have  broken  up  the  rock,  on  account  of  the  prcsonco 
of  snow  solidified  by  frost :  and  yet  wo  can  hardly  help  inferring  from 
Appian's  words,  that  it  was  this  snow  which  was  the  cattse  of  tho  cutting, 
in  whatever  substance  that  cutting  may  have  been  made.  If,  however, 
the  words  t^i/  nirpav  could  be  referred  to  tho  solid  snow,  all  would  bo 
easy  and  consistent.  Hannibal  found  his  way  obstructed  by  it  in  some 
place,  and  was  obliged  to  cut  through  tho  hardened  mass,  decomposing  it 


144  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

According  to  Livy,  four  days  were  spent  in  making  the 
new  road.  This  error  arises  from  his  misinterpreting 
Polybius,  as  will  easily  be  seen  on  reference  to  that  histo- 


first  by  the  aid  of  fire,  and  the  percolation  of  some  warm  liquid,  and  thus 
enabling  himself  to  break  it  up  with  greater  facility. 

Instances  are  found  in  modern  Alpine  campaigns  of  roads  being  cut 
through  hard  snow.  In  the  winter  campaign  of  Macdonald  in  the 
Ehsetian  Alps,  the  best  illustrative  parallel  to  Hannibal's  expedition,  two 
cases  are  mentioned.  The  first  relates  to  the  passage  of  the  Splugen. 
*  In  the  narrow  plain  between  the  glaciers,  (i.  e.  on  the  summit  of  the 
pass,  beneath  the  higher  glacier-bearing  peaks  of  the  ridge  crossed) 
however,  they  found  the  road  blocked  up  by  an  immense  mass  of  snow, 
formed  by  an  avalanche  newly  fallen ;  upon  which  the  guides  refused  to 
enter,  and  in  consequence  the  soldiers  returned,  unanimously  exclaiming 

that  the  passage  was  closed Put  to  shame  by  such  an  example,  the 

troops  and  peasants  redoubled  their  efforts;  the  vast  walls  of  ice  and  snow 
were  cut  through,  and  although  the  hurricane  increased  with  fearful  rapid- 
ity, and  repeatedly  filled  up  their  excavations,  they  at  length  succeeded 
in  rendering  the  passage  practicable.' — Alison's  Hist,  of  Europe,  iv.  431, 
432,  5th  Edit.  Jomini,  however,  says  nothing  of  ice  or  avalanches  in  this 
place,  but  only  speaks  of  the  great  depth  of  the  snow  on  the  plateau  at 
the  summit  of  the  pass,  and  of  the  fresh  snow  continually  falling,  (i.  e. 
from  the  sky).  In  the  account  of  the  passage  of  the  ridge  of  San  Zeno, 
a  pass  among  the  low  mountains  between  the  lakes  of  Iseo  and  Idro, 
bordering  on  the  Lombard  plain,  another  instance  occurs.  '  The  diffi- 
culties  of  the  ridge  of  San  Zeno,  however,  had  almost  arrested  the 
soldiers  whom  the  snows  of  the  Splugen  had  been  unable  to  overcome  ; 
a  few  horses  only  could  be  got  over  by  cutting  through  blocks  of  ice 
(compact  snow)  as  hard  as  rock  at  the  summit,  (apres  avoir  taille  un 
chemin  dans  la  glace  vive,  Jomini)  and  the  greater  part  of  the  cavalry 
and  artillery  required  to  descend  by  the  smiling  shores  of  the  Lago  Isea 
(Lago  d'Iseo)  to  Brescia,  and  ascend  again  the  vine-clad  banks  of  the 
Chlesa.' — Alison's  History  of  Europe,  iv.  446. 

On  the  declivity  between  La  Ferriere  and  La  Novalese,  where  Hanni- 
bal's path  was  broken  up,  he  may  possibly  have  been  obliged  to  cut 
through  the  mass  of  solid  snow,  which,  it  has  been  conjectured,  filled  at 
that  time  the  gully  which  penetrates  into  the  mountain-side.  For,  after 
the  path  had  been  reconstructed  along  the  precipice  above  (i.  e.  to  tho 
west  of)  the  gully,  it  would  then  have  been  necessary  to  cross  the  gully 
itself.  But  the  snow,  however  solid,  which  filled  the  gully,  would  pro- 
bably not  have  been  capable  of  supporting  the  clciiliants ;  for  oven  the 
beasts  of  burden  had  become  fixed  in  it,  when  the  circuitous  route  was 
attempted.  It  might  consequently  have  been  necessary  to  make  a  lane 
through  tho  snow,  and  perhaps  to  penetrate  to  the  ground  beneath.    Yet 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  145 

fian.  Had  Livy  attended  to  the  words  ev  t]fx€pai9  i-pial 
KaKOTraO^aa?,  he  would  not  have  fallen  mto  this  mistake, 
which  would  lead  us  to  imagine  that  the  first  day  spent  in 
the  midst  of  the  snow  was  one  of  comfort,  and  that  the 
hardships  the  army  suffered  only  began  on  the  second 
day,  since  there  were  but  three  days  of  hardship  in  all. 

The  three  days  (which  must  be  reduced  to  two)  during 
which  the  men  and  baggage-animals,  (the  cavalry  horses 
should  be  included)  enjoyed  an  interval  of  rest,  and  were 
enabled  to  recruit  their   strength  a   little,   were  not,   as 


this  lane  would  not  have  been  long,  as  the  gully  is  not  wide,  and  as  it 
was  probably  only  in  the  gully  that  the  old  snow  lay. 

An  operation  of  this  nature  would  not  have  been  of  any  great 
importance,  and  might  have  been  passed  over  by  Polybius,  or  not  have 
come  to  his  knowledge.  That  he  had  received  no  such  intimation  is 
perhaps  most  likely.  He  does,  however,  when  he  first  speaks  of  the 
pdx^s,  (a  word  he  introduces  as  if  he  had  mentioned  an  equivalent  for  it 
before)  employ  the  expression  Sta/^trjo-a/xei/os  tiju  eV  avTfj  xt"''a.  Now,  if 
paxis  could  mean  the  side  of  a  ridge  or  mountain,  the  words  SiafiTjad- 
fievos,  K.  T.  X.  might  signify  '  clearing  a  way  through  the  snow  upon  it.' 
The  proper  meaning  of  paxn  is,  however,  the  top,  and  not  the  side  of  a 
ridge ;  and  the  removal  of  the  snow  is  spoken  of  in  connexion  with  the 
encampment  nepl  rrjv  pax^v,  and  cannot  well  be  supposed  to  refer  to 
the  construction  of  the  path.  It  is  true,  indeed,  that  Polybius'  informa- 
tion may  have  been  somewhat  defective  on  this  point,  or  his  compre- 
hension of  what  was  related  to  him  not  quite  perfect.  In  his  account  of 
the  encampment  at  the  summit  of  the  pass,  where  there  must  have  been 
snow,  nothing  is  said  of  its  removal. 

If  Hannibal  really  cut  a  path  through  the  solid  snow,  it  may  possibly 
have  been  effected  in  the  following  manner. 

The  workmen,  perhaps,  first  levelled  the  surface  of  the  snow  a  little, 
on  the  line  of  the  intended  cutting;  and  then,  collecting  the  bushes 
near,  arranged  them  along  it,  and  set  them  on  fire.  The  surface  of  tho 
snow  would  thus  be  partially  melted,  and  tho  water  produced  would 
sink  down  through  tho  snow  beneath.  A  quantity  of  liquid  thrown  on 
the  hot  ashes  would  also  have  helped  to  dissolve  this  snow  to  some 
extent.  By  these  means,  the  mass,  originally  hard  and  firm,  would  bo 
decomposed  and  softened  on  the  line  of  tho  projected  path,  and  might 
have  been  broken  up  witli  pickaxes  or  similar  instruments  without  great 
difliculty.  To  cut  a  way  through  olil  and  solid  snow,  without  taking  any 
measures  to  soften  it,  would  bo  a  tedious  and  laborious  task. 

This  supposition  may  possibly  explain  Livy's  story.  It  must,  however, 
bo  looked  upon  as  nothing  moro  than  a  mere  conjecture. 

10 


146  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

might  be  at  first  supposed  from  Livy's  account,  days 
subsequent  to  the  passage  of  the  elephants,  but  the  two 
days  which  succeeded  the  passage  of  the  horses  and  bag- 
gage-animals, and  during  which  the  elephants  were  de- 
tained in  the  higher  encampment. 

Nothing  is  related  by  Livy  as  having  occurred,  after 
the  new  road  was  completed  and  passed,  during  the  rest  of 
the  descent  to  the  plains  of  Italy.  Hannibal  there  entered 
into  the  country  of  the  Taurini,  a  fact  which  Livy  says  was 
universally  agreed  upon.  He  then  proceeds  to  mention 
two  passes  by  which  it  had  been  erroneously  supposed  that 
Hannibal  crossed  the  Alps :  the  Pennine  Alp  or  Great  St 
Bernard,  and  the  '  Cremonis  jugum,'  probably  the  Little 
St  Bernard,  the  ancient  name  being  apparently  preserved 
in  the  neighbouring  peak  of  the  Crammont.  Neither  of 
these,  as  Livy  observes,  could  have  been  crossed  by  Han- 
nibal, as  they  both  lead,  not  into  the  country  of  the 
Taurini,  but  through  that  of  the  Salassi  into  the  territory 
of  the  Libui.  The  name  of  the  Salassi,  indeed,  although  a 
large  tribe,  is  never  found  at  all  in  Polybius ;  and  the 
name  of  the  Libui,  although  mentioned  by  him  elsewhere, 
does  not  occur  in  his  account  of  HannibaPs  passage  of 
the  Alps. 


CHAPTER  X. 

Examination  of  objections  brought  against  the  Mont  Cenis. 


WE  have  now  examined  the  narratives  of  Polybius  and 
Livy,  the  two  chief  historians  of  Hannibal's  expedi- 
tion. Both  seem  to  point  to  the  Mont  Cenis,  as  the  pass 
by  which  the  Carthaginian  general  effected  his  descent  into 
Italy.  To  complete  the  evidence  in  favour  of  this  pass, 
it  will  now  be  requisite  to  take  some  notice  of  the  objec- 
tions which  have  been  brought  against  it. 

Nearly  all  the  objections  which  can  be  adduced,  are 
collected  together,  in  his  Histoire  du  jmssage  des  Alpes  par 
Annibal,  by  M.  Deluc,  one  of  the  advocates  for  the  pass  of 
the  Little  St  Bernard.  The  sixth  chapter  of  the  second 
book  of  his  work  is  entitled  a  '  Refutation  des  auteurs 
qui  conduisent  Annibal  par  le  Mont  Cenis,*  and  in  it  we 
find  the  following  summary  of  the  objections  against  this 
pass. 

*  Ce  qu'il  y  a  de  tres-remarquable  dans  la  premiere 
route  (the  route  of  the  Little  St  Bernard)  c'est  qu'elle  ne 
traverse  pas  une  seule  fois  ITsere,  la  vallce  n'etant  nulle 
part  aussi  resserrce  pour  forcer  a  etablir  des  ponts  sur 
cette  riviere ;  dans  la  vallee  de  I'Arc,  au  contrairc,  il  y  a 
un  si  grand  nombre  d'obstacles,  que  Ton  est  force  de 
passer  dix  fois  d'une  rive  a  I'autrc  pour  les  eviter.  "  II 
serait  trop  long  de  detaillcr,"  dit  M.  de  Saussure,  "  les 
nombreux  defiles  que  Ton  passe  dans  cette  route,  et  de 
noter  combien  de  fois  les  etranglemcns  de  la  vallee  et  les 
sinuosites  de  I'Arc  forcent  a  passer  d'une  rive  a  Tautre." 

Cette  vallee  offrait  done  de  trop  grandcs  difficultes 
pour  que,  dans  les  temps  rccules,  on  y  cAt  fait  passer 
unc  route  pour  traverser  les  Alpes.  La  desccnte  du  INIont 
Cenis,  du  cute  de  I'ltalie,  etait  aussi  un  trop  grand  obstacle, 
car  les  rochcrs  y  sont  prcsque  a  pic,  ct  ce  n'cst  qu'cu 
taillant  le  chcmin  dans  le  roc  avec  un  grand  nombre  dc 
zigzags,  qu'on  a  pu  rcndrc  cette  desccnte  praticablc. 

10—2 


148  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

C'est  sans  cloute  a  cause  de  ces  difficultes  naturelles 
que  la  route  du  Mont  Cenis  n'a  ete  ouverte  que  dans  les 
temps  modernes,  compares  a  Tanciennete  de  la  route  du 
Petit  Saint-Bernard ;  aussi  la  premiere  ne  se  trouve  point 
dans  les  itineraires  romains,  qui,  cependant,  ont  ete  faits 
dans  le  4^  et  5®  siecles  de  notre  ere,  ou  six  a  sept  siecles 
apres  Texpedition  d'Annibal. 

La  route  du  Mont  Cenis  n'etait  done  pas  celle  que  les 
Gaulois  suivaient  pour  descendre  en  Italic,  ni  celle  qu'An- 
nibal,  en  marchant  sur  leurs  traces,  prit  pour  entrer  dans 
le  meme  pays;  nous  ferons  aussi  observer  qu'elle  n'etait 
pas  une  des  quatres  routes  qui  seules  etaient  connues  du 
temps  de  Polybe.  Get  auteur,  en  decrivant  la  route  d'An- 
nibal,  la  meme  qu'il  parcourut  cinquante  ou  soixante 
annees  apres,  ne  pent  decrire  qu'une  route  qui  etait  connue 
de  son  temps. 

Nous  observerons  encore  qu'a  la  descente  du  Mont 
Cenis,  il  est  impossible  qu'on  pM  rencontrer,  a  la  fin  d'octo- 
bre,  de  la  vieille  neige  conservee  depuis  I'hiver  precedent ; 
car,  outre  que  ce  passage  est  plus  abaisse  d'au  moins  100 
toises  que  celui  du  Petit  Saint-Bernard,  sa  descente  est 
tournee  vers  le  sud-est,  exposition  ou  la  neige  fond  plus 
vite  que  dans  celle  du  Petit  Saint-Bernard,  qui  est  tournee 
vers  le  nord  est.' 

The  objections  embodied  above  amount  to  the  fol- 
lowing : 

(1)  The  passage  of  the  Mont  Cenis  must  have  been 
very  difficult  in  the  time  of  Hannibal. 

(2)  The  road  to  the  Mont  Cenis  crosses  the  Arc  a 
great  many  times. 

(3)  The  descent  into  Italy  is  very  precipitous  and 
difficult. 

(4)  The  route  of  the  Mont  Cenis  is  not  found  in  the 
Roman  Itineraries. 

(5)  It  was  not  one  of  the  four  routes  known  to  Po- 
lybius. 

(6)  It  would  have  been  impossible  for  Hannibal  to 
have  found  old  snow  on  the  descent  from  the  Mont  Cenis. 

(1)  The  fact  of  the  passage  of  the  INTont  Cenis  having 
been  very  difficult  in  the  time  of  Hannibal  may  be  readily 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  149 

granted.      Such  must  inevitably  have   been  the  case  with 
every  Alpine  route  in  the  GaUic  period.     Yet,  although 
the  Mont  Cenis  must  have  been  then  a  difficult  pass,  that 
difficulty  can  scarcely  be  considered  sufficient  to  disqualify 
it  for  being   received  as   the  scene    of   the   passage,   de- 
scribed as  '  toilsome,  and  excessively  difficult,  although  not 
impossible,'   eTr'nrovov  fxev  kuI  Ivax^pn  \iav,  ov  (xtjv  a^vuarou  : 
for  such  are  the  epithets  which  are  applied  in  Polybius  to 
the   pass  which  Hannibal   crossed.     Indeed,  at    the  very 
commencement    of    the    Alpine    route,    we    read    of   Ta9 
^t;axa)|Otas.     Between  the  town  of  the  Allobroges  and  the 
*  strong  white  rock,'  we  are  told  again  of  rd?  e^Tjs  ^ycrx'*^P''«^* 
By  the  Rock  itself,  also,  we  read  of  a  cpdpayya  Tiva  ^vafia- 
rov  Ka\  Kprjinvw^}].    All  these  expressions  certainly  imply  dif- 
ficulty ;  and,  as  to  the  descent  into  Italy,  many  thousands 
of  men  were  lost,  viro  twv  tottwv  kuI  tj/s  -^lovog,  m  conse- 
quence of  the  snow  and  the  difficult  or  dangerous  character 
of  the  descent. 

To  shew,  then,  that  the  Mont  Cenis  was  a  difficult  pass 
in  the  time  of  Hannibal,  proves  nothing  against  it :  for  the 
pass  which  Hannibal  crossed  was  also  difficult.     In  order 
to  exclude  the  Mont  Cenis  on  this  ground,  it  would  be 
necessary  to  bring  against  it  an  amount  of  difficulty  insu- 
perable in  ancient  times.     But  this  certainly  cannot   be 
concluded  of  a  pass,  which,  however  difficult,  must  rank, 
relatively  to  Alpine   passes   generally,   among   the  easiest 
known ;  a  pass  which  may  be  shcAvn  to  have  been  always 
a  thoroughfare  through  the  Alps,  and  which  is  now,  what 
it  seems  to  have  been  for  some  centuries,  the  great  high- 
way from  France  into  Italy. 

(2)  The  road  from  the  Valley  of  the  Isere  to  the  Mont 
Cenis  certainly  crosses  the  Arc  very  often  :  the  old  road 
to  the  little  Mont  Cenis  would  have  passed  the  river  six 
times.  Once  also,  on  the  descent  into  Italy,  it  would  have 
to  cross  the  Dora  Susina.  But,  although  the  modern 
road  from  Chambc  ry  to  the  Little  St  Bernard  never  crosses 
the  Iscre,  yet  the  older  road,  the  Koman  way  from  Lcmin- 
cum,  probably  crossed  that  river  four  times,  and  the  Arc 
once.  For,  of  the  Roman  stations,  Axima,  Darantasia, 
Oblimum,   Mantala,  and  Lemincum,  each  lay,  iu   all  pro- 


150  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

bability,  as  will  afterwards  be  shewn  ^  on  a  different 
side  of  the  Isere  from  the  following  station.  Besides,  on 
the  descent  from  the  Little  St  Bernard,  even  the  modern 
road  crosses  the  Dora  Baltea  three  times  :  and  it  cannot 
be  conceived,  why  the  Arc  should  have  offered  such  a 
great  obstacle  to  Hannibal's  progress,  and  the  passage  of 
the  Dora  Baltea  have  presented  little  difficulty. 

But,  in  point  of  fact,  the  passage  of  these  mountain- 
streams,  at  the  end  of  October,  would  have  been  attended 
with  no  great  difficulty,  unless,  as  in  the  case  of  the  Drac, 
they  were  swoln  with  rain.  They  would  probably  have 
contributed  but  little  to  the  losses,  which  Hannibal  is  said 
by  Polybius  to  have  incurred  in  crossing  rivers.  For  all 
these  torrents  are  fed  by  the  melting  of  the  snows  and 
glaciers,  and  present,  during  the  long  Alpine  winter,  no 
resemblance  to  the  full  and  turbid  streams,  which  sweep 
down  the  valleys  in  the  summer  months.  At  the  end  of 
the  month  of  September,  the  last  summer  month,  (the 
Alps,  at  least  the  high  Alps,  may  be  said  to  have  no 
autumn)  the  action  of  the  sun  on  the  snow  and  ice  begins 
rapidly  to  diminish  in  power,  and  the  torrents  to  shrink  in 
volume.  Throughout  the  winter,  little  or  no  water  is  sup- 
plied by  the  glaciers  to  the  mountain-rivers  ^  which  become 


^   See  Note  A.  at  the  end  of  the  book. 

2  Si,  comme  je  I'ai  montre  par  les  tableaux  du  jaugeage  de  I'Aar,  il 
existe  un  rapport  direct  entre  I'etat  atmospherique  et  le  debit  des  tor- 
rents, il  doit  arriver  un  moment  en  automne,  ou  toutes  les  rivieres  subissent 
une  baisse  notable,  h  raison  de  la  fonte  moins  considerable  qui  a  lieu  k 
cette  saison.  Par  la  meme  raison,  elles  doivent  tarir  completement  en 
hiver,  du  moment  que  toute  fonte  a  cesse  li  la  surface.  Voulant  m'en 
assurer  par  I'observation  directe  je  n'ai  pas  hesite  h  entreprendre  dans  ce 
but  un  Toyage  hivernal  dans  les  glaciers.  Au  commencement  du  mois 
de  mars  1841,  par  consequent  a  une  epoque  ou  I'hiver  regne  encore 
d'une  maniere  absolue  dans  les  Hautes-Alpcs,  jo  me  rendis  avec  M.  Desor 
au  glacier  do  I'Aar  que  je  rcmontai  jusqu'il  I'Hotel  des  Neuchatelois  (le 
12  Mars)  [A  groat  rock  on  the  glacier  of  the  Aar  was  called  by  this 
name].  Aprus  avoir  sCjourne  deux  jours  au  Qrimsel,  nous  yisitames 
ensemble  le  glacier  de  Rosenlaui  (le  14  Mars.) 

A  Meyringcn  deja  je  trouvai  I'Aar  beaucoup  plus  faible  qu'en  etc ; 
h  mcsure  quo  jo  montai,  je  la  vis  diminuor  toujours  plus,  si  bien  qu'zl 
la  Handcck  cUo  ctait  rcduito  a  un  trcs-pctit  fdct  d'eau,  ti  peine  com- 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  151 

in  general  clear  and  shallow  streams,  with  a  comparatively 
gentle  current.  At  the  end  of  the  month  of  October,  two 
thousand  years  ago,  Hannibal  would  have  found  no  great 
difficulty  in  fording  the  Arc,  or  any  other  of  the  Alpine 
rivers. 

(3)  The  precipitous  character  of  the  descent  from  the 
Mont  Cenis,  brought  by  M.  Deluc  as  an  argument  against 
that  pass,  is  in  strict  accordance  with  what  is  related  by 
Polybius  with  respect  to  Hannibal's  descent  from  the  Alps, 
and  is  one  of  the  distinctive  features  by  which  the  Mont 
Cenis  is  identified  with  the  pass  which  Hannibal  crossed. 
Certainly,  not  only  is  the  descent  of  the  Fourmiguier  pre- 
cipitous, but,  in  order  to  make  a  path  of  commodious 
width  down  it,  it  would  most  probably  have  been  necessary 
to  cut  the  rock  away  in  places.  Nothing  but  a  rugged 
and  narrow  path  could  have  existed,  in  barbarous  times,  in 
such  a  situation.  Yet  this  precipitous  and  narrow  way  is 
precisely  what  we  find  mentioned  by  Polybius.  Ovo-»;s  yap 
arevfj^  Kal  KaTw(bepov<s  t^s  Kara(ia(Tew<i,  t^9  oe  ■^lovo'S  acrjXou 
TTOiovat]^  eKUCTToig  tijv  eiripaaiv  irav  to  Trapaireaov  T^/?  ocou 
Kal  acbaXev  ecpepero  kuto.  t'Jov  Kptj/uvwu.  It  has  been  noticed 
before,  that  nothing  but  the  very  dangerous  character  of 
the  old  descent  from  the  Mont  Cenis  can  explain  the  im- 
mense losses  which  the  Carthaginians  suffered  on  their 
way  down  into  Italy,  and  Avhich  amounted,  in  men  alone,  to 
one  fourth  of  the  whole  number  that  had  gained  the 
summit  of  the  pass. 

(4)  It  is  true  that  the  route  of  the  Mont  Cenis  is  not 


parable  aux  ruisscaux  qui  circulent  sur  le  glacier  en  etc.  Plus  haut,  cllo 
disparaissait  complctement  sous  la  neige,  et  je  ne  vis  plus  que  quelquog 
endroits  de  son  lit,  oil  la  neige  etait  imbibeo.  Je  rencontrai  les  der- 
nieros  traces  d'eau  prC'S  dcs  chalets  qui  sent  situds  a  rextromite  du 
glacier,  et  sa  presence  en  cette  localit«3  me  fit  supposer  qu'cllo  provenait 
scion  toute  apparcnco  de  quelcjuo  source  voisine.  En  revanche,  jo  no 
decouvris  aucun  vestige  du  torrent  do  I'Aar,  a  Tondroit  ou  il  coulait  I't'te 
precedent,  ni  sur  aucun  point  du  talus  terminal.  La  cascade  du  lac  do 
Triibten  et  lo  torrent  do  I'Oberaar,  dont  le  bruit  en  ete  se  fait  entendre 
de  loin,  avaiont  aussi  conipletemont  disparu.  On  no  reconnaissait  Icur 
emplacement  qu'a  quelqucs  gigantesqucs  gla^ons  qui  etaicnt  suspcndus 
aux  rochors. — Agassiz,  Etudes  sur  les  Olaciers,  p.  373. 


152  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

found  in  the  Koman  Itineraries.  It  will  be  shewn,  how- 
ever, in  the  next  Chapter,  that  the  route  of  the  Little  Mont 
Cenis  is  laid  down  in  the  ancient  map  or  table  of  the 
Roman  roads  called  the  Peutingerian  or  Theodosian  Table. 
Other  arguments  will  also  be  brought  forward  there,  to 
shew  that  this  pass  was  known  to  the  Romans. 

(5)  That  the  Mont  Cenis  was  not  one  of  the  four 
routes  known  to  Polybius  may  be  strongly  questioned.  It 
will  be  seen,  in  fact,  in  the  next  Chapter,  that  it  has  a 
stronger  claim  than  the  Mont  Genevre  to  be  considered  as 
the  V7r€pf3dai<s  did  Tavpivwv,  rjv  'Avi'//3as  oir\\dev,  mentioned 
by  Strabo  on  the  authority  of  Polybius.  Certainly,  neither 
the  Great  nor  the  Little  St  Bernard  can  have  any  right  to 
this  designation.  If  Strabo  has  cited  Polybius'  words  cor- 
rectly, and  Polybius  was  not  mistaken  as  to  the  pass  which 
Hannibal  crossed,  (and  there  is  no  reason  for  doubting 
either  of  these  facts ;)  then  the  question,  as  to  the  locality 
of  Hannibal's  passage  of  the  Alps,  resolves  itself  into  the 
consideration  of  the  respective  probabilities  in  favour  of 
the  Mont  Genevre  and  the  Mont  Cenis,  for  no  other  pass 
leading  through  the  country  of  the  Taurini,  such  as  the  Col 
de  I'Argentiere  or  the  Col  de  la  Croix,  can  have  much 
likelihood  on  its  side^ 

(6)  It  may  be  conceded,  with  respect  to  the  last  objec- 
tion, that  it  would  be  quite  impossible  now  to  find  any  old 
snow  on  the  descent  from  the  Mont   Cenis  in  the  month 


1  This  passage  in  Strabo  has  necessarily  embarrassed  the  advocates 
for  the  Little  St  Bernard.  The  principal  of  them,  M.  Deluc,  in  his  dis- 
cussion of  the  passage  in  question,  (p.  19)  evades  the  difficulty  by  taking 
no  notice  whatever  of  Strabo's  assertion  (derived  from  Polybius),  that 
Hannibal  crossed  the  Alps  by  the  road  through  the  country  of  the  Taurini. 
The  author  of  A  Dissertation  on  the  Passage  of  Hannibal,  6y  a  member  of 
the  University/  of  Oxford,  attempts  to  overcome  the  difficulty  in  the  fol- 
lowing manner :  *  It  seems  but  fair  to  state,  with  regard  to  this  passage 
iu  Strabo,  that  it  contains  a  positive  assertion,  that  Hannibal  took  the 
second  road,  eha  r^v  But  Tavplvav,  fjv  'Awt'/3a?  8ir]\dev,  and  therefore  has 
been  brought  forward  against  the  hypothesis  hero  supported.  But  if  wo 
prove  that  Polybius  takes  Hannibal  by  another  pass,  it  will  follow,  that 
these  words  are  to  bo  ascribed  to  Strabo,  and  not  to  Polybius.  Strabo, 
who  wrote  in  the  time  of  Livy,  would  probably  adopt  the  opinion  of 
that  histoi'ian. — p.  19. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  153 

of  October.  Yet  it  cannot  be  concluded  from  this,  that  it 
would  have  been  impossible  for  Hannibal  to  have  found 
any,  for  the  greater  severity  of  the  climate  at  that  time 
might  have  caused  old  snow  to  be  found  far  below  the 
level  within  which  it  is  now  confined.  The  statement  of 
Polybius,  Twv  yap  AXttcwv  to.  /xev  ctKpa  Kai  rd  Trpo?  tols 
V7repl3o\d?  dvrjKovra,  TeXew?  dSevSpa  Kai  \l/i\d  ttuvt  ecTTi, 
oia  TO  <jvi>€-^ws  CTrifxeveiv  Trjv  -^iova  kuI  Oepov^  Kai  yei/ucouos' 
Ta  o  VTTO  fxearjv  tt/v  Trapwpeiav  e^  aix(poiv  roiv  fxepoiv,  uAo- 
<popa  Kai  cevopocpopa,  Kai  to  okov  OLKrjaifxd  eaTiv, — this 
statement  is  not  true  when  applied  to  the  present  state 
of  the  principal  Alpine  passes.  No  such  barrenness  is  now 
observed,  and  the  encroachments  of  the  snow  are  far  less 
than  is  here  represented.  In  Polybius'  time  the  snow  must 
have  reached  much  lower  than  it  does  now. 

In  a  previously  mentioned  note  upon  this  subject  in 
Dr  Arnold's  History  of  Rome,  a  reference  is  given  to 
Evelyn's  Memoirs,  by  which  large  tracts  of  snow  are  satis- 
factorily shewn  to  have  existed  two  hundred  years  ago, 
in  places  where  there  is  now  none  whatever.  Evelyn 
appears  to  have  crossed  the  Simplon  pass  in  the  first  week 
in  September  1646' ;  a  time  of  year  when  there  is  perhaps 
less  snow  upon  the  mountains  than  at  any  other,  for  during 
the  month  of  September  the  snow  recedes  little,  if  at  all. 
The  height  of  the  Simplon  pass  above  the  sea-level  is  6580 
English  feet,  about  200  below  the  Great,  and  240  below 
the  Little  Mont  Cenis.  The  whole  of  the  Simplon  road, 
in  the  beginning  of  September,  and  indeed  during  the 
summer  months,  is  now  entirely  free  from  snow,  the  line  of 


1  Evelyn  merely  says  that  it  was  in  September,  but  it  appears  to  liavo 
been  in  the  first  week  in  that  month.  On  the  day  he  crossed  the  Sim- 
plon ho  reached  Brieg ;  thence  to  Sion,  one  day ;  to  Bevoretta  (Boveret), 
one  day;  to  Geneva,  one  day;  at  Geneva,  six  weeks;  (if  exact,  forty- 
two  days)  to  Lyons,  two  days ;  to  Farrara  (Tarare)  one  day ;  to  Rt)lian 
(Roanno)  one  day;  to  Orleans,  two  days;  at  Orleans,  one  day;  to  Paris 
one  day  :  total,  fifty-three  days.  Evelyn  would  thus  reach  Paris  the 
fifty-fourth  day  after  crossing  the  Simplon.  But  it  was  still  October 
■when  ho  arrived  in  Paris ;  so  that  it  would  bo  in  the  first  week  in  Sep- 
tember that  he  crossed  the  Simplon. 


154  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

perpetual  snow  being  about  2000  feet  above  the  summit 
of  the  pass. 

Speaking  of  the  house,  where  he  passed  the  night,  in 
the  hamlet  of  Simplon^,  4850  English  feet  above  the  sea- 
level,  Evelyn  says :  '  The  house  was  now,  in  September, 
half  covered  with  snow,  nor  is  there  a  tree  or  bush  growing 
within  many  miles.'  Yet  there  are,  at  the  present  day, 
numbers  of  pines  about  the  village  of  Simplon,  and  no 
snow  exists  in  the  neighbourhood  in  the  beginning  of  Sep- 
tember. 

After  getting  into  a  dispute  with  the  inhabitants  of  the 
village  about  a  goat,  Evelyn's  party  resumed  their  journey 
on  the  next  morning.  Alluding  to  the  circumstances 
under  which  they  left  the  village,  he  proceeds : 

'This  was  cold  entertainment,  but  our  journey  after 
was  colder,  the  rest  of  the  way  having  hen  as  they  told  us 
covered  ivith  snow  since  the  Creation ;  no  man  remember  d  it 
to  be  without ;  and  because  by  the  frequent  snowing  the 
tracts  are  continualy  fill'd  up,  we  passe  by  severall  tall 
masts  set  up  to  guide  travellers,  so  as  for  many  miles  they 
stand  in  ken  of  one  another  like  to  our  beacons.  In  some 
places  where  there  is  a  cleft  between  2  mountaines  the 
snow  fills  it  up,  whilst  the  bottome  being  thaw'd  leaves  as  it 
were  a  frozen  arch  of  snow,  and  that  so  hard  as  to  beare 
the  greatest  weight ;  for  as  it  snows  often,  so  it  perpetualy 
freezes,  of  which  I  was  so  sensible  that  it  flaw'd  y^  very 
skin  of  my  face. 

'  Beginning  now  to  descend  a  little,  Capt.  "Wray's  horse 
(that  was  our  sumpter  and  carried  all  our  baggage)  plung- 
ing thro'  a  bank  of  loose  snow  slid  downe  a  frightfull  pre- 
cipice, which  so  incensed  the  choleriq  cavalier  his  master 
that  he  was  sending  a  brace  of  bidlets  into  the  poore  beast, 
least  our  guide  should  recover  him  and  run  away  with  his 
burden ;  but  just  as  he  was  lifting  up  his  carbine  we  gave 
such  a  shout,  and  so  pelted  y*^  horse  with  snow-balls,  as 
with  all  his  might  plunging  through  the  snow  he  fell  from 


1 


Although  Evelyn  mentions  this  placo  as  being  on  the  summit  of  the 
mountain,  it  is  plain  that  he  is  speaking  of  the  present  village  of  Sim- 
plon, and  that  the  highest  point  of  the  pass  was  further  on. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  155 

another  steepe  place  into  another  bottome  near  a  path  we 
were  to  passe.  It  was  yet  a  good  while  ere  we  got  to  him, 
but  at,  last  we  recover'd  the  place,  and  easing  him  of  his 
charge  hal'd  him  out  of  the  snow,  where  he  had  been 
certainly  frozen  in  if  we  had  not  prevented  it  before  night. 
It  was  as  we  judg'd  almost  two  miles  that  he  had  slid  and 
falVn,  yet  without  any  other  harme  than  the  benuming  of 
his  limbs  for  y^  present,  but  with  lusty  rubbing  and  chafing 
he  began  to  move,  and  after  a  little  walking  performed  his 
journey  well  enough.  All  this  way,  affrited  with  the  dis- 
aster of  this  horse,  we  trudg'd  on  foote  driving  our  mules 
before  us ;  sometimes  we  fell,  sometimes  we  slid  through  this 
ocean  of  snow,  which  after  October  is  impassable.  Towards 
night  we  came  into  a  larger  way,  thro'  vast  woods  of  pines 
which  clothe  the  middle  parts  of  these  rocks  ^' 

It  is  sufficiently  clear,  from  this  account  of  Evelyn's, 
compared  with  the  present  state  of  the  Simplon,  that  the 
snow  has  lost  an  immense  quantity  of  ground  in  the  Alps 
within  the  last  two  centuries :  and  it  cannot  be  concluded, 
especially  when  the  statement  of  Polybius  as  to  the  general 
character  of  the  Alps  and  the  Alpine  passes  is  taken  into 
the  account,  that  it  would  have  been  impossible,  because 
the  descent  from  the  Mont  Cenis  is  now  in  summer 
entirely  free  from  snow,  that  Hannibal  should  have  found 
permanent  snow  in  that  place  when  he  descended  into 
Italy. 

Having  now  answered  the  objections  of  M.  Deluc 
against  the  Mont  Cenis,  it  will  be  necessary  to  notice  one 
from  another  source.  This  objection  is  brought  forward  in 
the  work,  entitled  A  Dissertation  on  the  Passage  of  Hannibal 
over  the  Alps,  by  a  member  of  the  University  of  Oxford ;  a 
book  written,  like  M.  Deluc's,  in  advocacy  of  the  Little 
St  Bernard.     In  p.  52,  the  author  observes  : 

'  The  great  size  of  the  army,  drawing  as  it  evidently 
did  its  resources  from  the  country  through  which  it  passed, 
sudlcicntly  proves,  that  this  country  must  have  been  well 
cultivated,  and   consequently  full  of  inhabitants;    and  this 

1  Evelyn's  Memoirs,  Vol.  i.  pp.  220,  221.     Loudon,  1819. 


156  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

latter  circumstance  is  confirmed  by  the  host  of  barbarians, 
who  hung  upon  his  rear,  and  attacked  him  on  his  passage 
from  Scez^  No  other  of  the  hnoivn  passages  of  the  Alps  can 
be  at  all  compared  with  this  one  (i.  e.  the  Little  St  Bernard) 
in  these  two  essential  qualities ;  and  it  is  only  necessary  to 
have  passed  through  the  Maurienne  or  Mont  Cenis  road, 
and  the  road  from  the  Mont  Genevre,  along  the  Romanche 
to  Grenoble,  to  be  convinced,  that  a  large  army  without 
magazines  must  have  been  starved  in  any  attempt  to  get 
through  them.  It  is  upon  this  fact,  which  has  never  been 
sv^ciently  considered  before,  that  I  am  inclined  to  lay  the 
greatest  stress,  and  when  united  with  the  agreement  of 
distances,  it  becomes  almost  irresistible.' 

It  will  not  be  necessary  to  examine  whether  this  ob- 
jection is  pertinent  or  not :  for,  at  least  as  far  as  regards 
the  ]Mont  Cenis,  it  has  no  foundation.  The  question  is 
merely  one  of  statistics,  and  may  therefore  be  exactly 
determined  without  difficulty. 

The  road  of  the  Little  St  Bernard  traverses  the  pro- 
vinces of  Tarentaise  and  of  Aosta.  It  enters  the  province 
of  Tarentaise  near  a  place  called  Cevins,  about  half-way 
between  Albertville  (L'Hopital  Conflans)  and  Moutiers :  it 
leaves  the  province  of  Aosta  at  the  bridge  of  St  Martin, 
about  eleven  miles  above  Ivrea. 

The  road,  from  La  Rochette,  over  the  Little  Mont 
Cenis,  traverses  the  provinces  of  Maurienne  and  of  Susa. 
It  enters  the  province  of  Maurienne  about  two  miles  from 
La  Rochette :  it  leaves  the  province  of  Susa  between 
Buttigliera  and  Rosta,  about  four  miles  below  Avigliana. 

The  length  of  the  road  through  the  Tarentaise  and  the 
province  of  Aosta  is  nearly  the  same  as  that  of  the  road 
through  the  Maurienne  and  the  province  of  Susa,  the 
latter  being  only  about  six  or  eight  miles  longer.  The 
question  therefore  rests  upon  the  comparative  density  of 
population,  in  the  provinces  of  Tarentaise  and  Aosta,  and 


1  Had  this  attack  happened  on  the  pass  of  the  Little  St  Bernard,  as  is 
here  taken  for  granted,  it  would  not  have  been  at  Scez,  but  at  a  great 
distance  below,  that  it  was  made.  Tills  mistake,  as  previously  shewn 
when  discussing  the  narrative  of  Polybius,  has  arisen  from  a  mis-inter- 
pretation of  that  author's  words. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  157 

in  the  Maurienne  and  the  province  of  Susa.  This,  how- 
ever, may  be  previously  observed  in  favour  of  the  IMont 
Cenis:  the  mountain  route  is  much  shorter  by  this  pass 
than  by  the  pass  of  the  Little  St  Bernard,  the  commence- 
ment of  the  Maurienne  being  about  twenty-five  miles 
below  the  commencement  of  the  Tarentaise.  Hannibal 
would  thus  have  saved  about  two  days  of  mountain  marching 
by  taking  the  route  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis,  in  preference 
to  that  of  the  Little  St  Bernard ;  for  the  frontier  of  the 
province  of  Susa  is  beyond  Avigliana,  the  commencement 
of  the  plains,  while  the  frontier  of  the  province  of  Aosta 
is  about  eleven  miles  above  the  similar  position  of  Ivrea. 

The  statistical  table  of  the  population  of  the  Sardinian 
States  on  the  mainland  of  Italy,  in  the  year  1846,  gives  the 
number  of  inhabitants  to  a  square  kilometre  in  every  pro- 
vince. It  appears  from  this  table,  that,  of  all  the  thirty- 
nine  Sardinian  provinces  on  the  mainland  of  Italy,  that  of 
Aosta  is  the  most  thinly  populated.  Next  in  order  comes 
the  province  of  Ossola ;  and  the  third  is  the  Tarentaise '. 
The  Maurienne  certainly  comes  fourth,  and  is,  no  doubt, 
thinly  populated.  It  surpasses,  however,  by  one-sixth, 
in  density  of  population,  the  province  of  Tarentaise ;  while 
tl^e  population  of  the  province  of  Susa  is  more  than  twice 
as  great,  in  point  of  density,  as  that  of  the  Tarentaise, 
and,  a  fortiori,  as  that  of  the  province  of  Aosta. 

The  following   are   the    numbers  of  inhabitants  to  a 
square  kilometre,  given  by  the  statistical  table : 
Pass  of  Little  St  Bernard. 

Province  of  Aosta        .....  24,45 

Province  of  Tarentaise   .....     25.83 
Pass  of  Mont  Cenis. 

Province  of  Maurienne  ....  30.16 

Province  of  Susa     ......     55.91 

It  appears  then,  that  the  provinces  through  which  tlic 
Mont  Cenis  road  passes,  support  a  much  thicker  pojjulation 
than  the  corresponding  provinces  traversed  by  the  road  of 
the  Little  St  Bernard.    An  argument,  however,  can  hardly 


^  Tho  Tarcntaiso  can  thus  hardly  bo  called  'a  very  populous  country.* 
Sco  Dissertation  on  the  I'assajc  of  Hannibal,  p.  xvii. 


158  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

be  drawn  in  favour  of  the  Mont  Cenis  from  this  circum- 
stance :  for  Hannibal,  beyond  all  doubt,  followed  a  known 
path  across  the  Alps,  without  being  influenced  by  any  con- 
siderations of  population  or  fertility.  Besides,  the  Car- 
thaginians carried  some  provisions  with  them,  and  are  also 
said  to  have  suffered  from  the  failure  of  their  supplies. 
They  clearly  did  not  depend  entirely  for  provisions  upon 
the  productions  of  the  districts  through  which  they  passed. 


% 


(4 


a\      1-1 


^  n 

'■^ 

& 

5?i 

i 

.§ 

i 

bX 

^ 

pi 

s: 

? 

-§ 

Ph 


53  ^ 

Ph 


CHAPTER  XI. 

Antiquity  of  the  Pass  of  the  Mont  Cenis. — First  mentioned  by  name  in 
the  year  755  a.d.— Probably  known  in  the  sixth  century.— Described 
by  Ammianus  Marcellinus  in  the  fourth  century. — The  road  over 
the  Little  Mont  Cenis  laid  down  in  the  Peutingerian  table. — The 
Mont  Cenis  crossed  by  Julius  Csesar.— Probably  mentioned  by 
Strabo  as '  the  pass  through  the  country  of  the  Taurini,  which  Hannibal 
crossed.' — Conclusion. 


IT  is  proposed  in  this  Chapter  to  consider  the  antiquity 
of  the  route  of  the  INIont  Cenis,    a  pass  of  which  it 
has  been  generally  asserted  that  the  Romans  were  igno- 
rant.    Yet  this  way  across  the  Alps  seems  always  to  have 
been  well  known.     For  the  last  thousand  years  and  up- 
wards, it  has,  beyond  all  dispute,  been  in  constant  use.    It 
is  mentioned  by  name  for  the  first  time  in  the  Continua- 
tion of  the  Chronicle  of  Fredegar,  where  it  is  said  to  have 
been   crossed  by  Pepin  in   the  year  755  :   '  Rex  Pippinus 
cum  exercitu  suo  Monte   Cinisio  transact©,  &c.'     Before 
these  times  it  has  been  supposed  that  the  pass  was  un- 
known :  indeed  it  might  be   imagined,   from  the  terms  in 
which  it  has  been  spoken  of,  that  the  difficulties  which  it 
opposed    to    any   attempt  at  a  passage   were    of  such    a 
formidable  nature   as  would  have  baffled  all  the  efforts  of 
the  Romans;  and  that  they  only  yielded,  at  length,  for  the 
first  time,   before  the    superior    engineering    skill    of  the 
dark  ages^ 

A  passage  certainly  existed  in  the  sixth  century  be- 
tween the  Maurienne  and  Susa ;  for,  when  the  bishopric  of 
Mauricnnc  was  re- erected  by  king  G  outran  of  Burgundy, 


1  II  nous  reste  .\  parlor  du  Mont  Cenis,  Co  passa2;o  no  so  trouvo 
point  dans  les  itincraircs  romains,  ct  il  no  paroit  pas  (ju'il  ait  etc  jamais 
uno  voio  romainc,  ou  qu'il  ait  etc  mOmo  connu  dcs  Romains.  Jl  offroit 
de  trop  grandcs  difficuUcs,  car  les  rochers  du  cote  de  1' Italic  sont  prosquo 
&  pic,  ct  il  a  fallu  taillcr  on  zigzags  dans  lo  roc  vif,  le  chcmin  par  Icqucl  on 
descend  do  la  Grande  Croix  au  villago  do  La  Forricrc.— Delue,  IJistoire 
du  I'assu</c  dcs  Alpcs  par  Annibul,  p.  23. 


160  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

(561 — 593),  the  recently  acquired  city  of  Susa  and  its 
territory  were  included  in  the  new  diocese  ^  The  Mauri- 
enne  had  previously  been  comprised  in  the  diocese  of 
Turin 2,  and  not  in  that  of  Embrun,  Grenoble,  or  Taren- 
taise,  a  fact  which  seems  also  to  shew  that  there  was  a 
communication  between  the  Maurienne  and  Italy.  The 
pass  which  served  as  this  line  of  communication  would, 
in  all  probability,  have  been  that  of  the  Mont  Cenis. 

Yet  it  was  not  only  in  these  times,  but  also  in  those 
of  the  Romans,  that  the  pass  of  the  Mont  Cenis  was  known. 
To  make  this  fact  appear,  it  will  be  attempted  to  prove 
three  things : 

(1)  The  pass  of  the  Mont  Cenis  is  alluded  to  by  Am- 
mianus  Marcellinus,  a  writer  of  the  fourth  century. 

(2)  The  road  over  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  is  laid  down 
in  the  Peutingerian  Tabled  and  was  therefore  a  Roman 
way. 

(3)  The  Mont  Cenis  was  crossed  by  Julius  Caesar,  when 
on  his  way  to  intercept  the  Helvetii  in  Transalpine  Gaul. 

The  passage  in  Ammianus  Marcellinus,  where  the 
Mont  Cenis  appears  to  be  referred  to,  is  contained  in  the 


1  See  the  document  relating  to  the  foundation  of  this  bishopric, 
quoted  below,  p.  172. 

2  Gregory  of  Toui-s  '  de  gloria  martyrum,'  Lib.  i.  cap.  14. 

3  The  Peutingerian  Table  is  an  ancient  Roman  map,  found  in  a 
library  at  Speyer  in  the  fifteenth  century.  It  is  supposed  to  have  been 
made  originally  about  the  middle  or  end  of  the  third  century  of  the 
Christian  era,  but  to  have  been  slightly  altered  by  interpolations  in 
later  times.  Its  object  was  to  lay  down  the  Roman  roads,  and  to  give 
the  names  of  the  several  stations,  and  the  distances  between  them.  All 
geographical  accuracy  is  disregarded.  The  seas  are  represented  as  long 
straits  or  inlets,  and  no  account  is  taken  of  the  proper  figure  of  the  land, 
which  generally  runs  in  stripes  or  bands  from  west  to  east.  Indeed,  in 
the  proper  sense,  the  Table  can  hardly  be  called  a  map.  Its  whole  extent, 
twenty-one  feet  in  length,  and  one  foot  in  width,  is  divided  into  eight 
sheets.  A  ninth  sheet,  which  would  have  completed  it  on  the  west,  is 
supposed  to  have  been  lost.  These  divisions  are  very  abrupt,  and 
many  words  are  cut  in  two  by  them.  One  such  division  will  bo  observed 
in  the  annexed  copy  of  a  part  of  the  Table,  which  contains  portions  of 
two  of  the  sheets.  It  is  chiefly  from  the  Peutingerian  Table  and  the 
Antonine  Itinerary  that  our  information  on  the  subject  of  the  Roman 
roads  is  derived. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  161 

tenth  chapter  of  the  fifteenth  book  of  his  history.      It  runs 
thus  : 

'  In  his  Alpibus  Cottiis,  quarum  initium  a  Segusione  est 
oppido,  prcecelsum,  erigitur  jugum,  nulli  fere  sine  discrimine 
penetrabile.  Est  enim  e  Galliis  venientibus  prona  humilitate 
deveoeum,  pendentium  saxorum  altrinsecus  visu  terrihilei  prce- 
sertim  verno  tempore :  cum  liquente  gelu,  nivibiisque  solutis 
flatu  calidiore  ventorum,  per  diruptas  utrinque  angustias, 
et  lacunas  pruinaruni  congerie  latebrosas,  descendentes 
cunctantibus  plantis  homines  et  jumenta  procidunt  et 
carpenta  ;  idque  remedium  ad  arcendum  exitium  repertum 
est  solum,  quod  pleraque  vehicula  vastis  funibus  iHigata, 
pone  cohibente  virorum  vel  boum  nisu  vahdo,  vix  gressu 
reptante  paullo  tutius  devolvuntur.  Et  haec,  ut  dixiraus, 
anni  verno  contiugunt.  Hieme  vero  humus  crustata 
frigoribus,  et  tanquam  levigata,  ideoque  labilis,  ineessum 
prsecipitantem  impelHt,  et  patulaj  valles  per  spatia  plana 
glacie  perfidae  vorant  nonnunquam  transeuntes.  Ob  quoe 
locorum  callidi,  eminentes  ligneos  stilos  per  cautiora  loca 
defigunt,  ut  eorum  series  viatorem  ducat  innoxium :  qui 
si  nivibus  operti  latuerint,  montanis  defluentibus  rivis  eversi, 
agrestibus  prseviis  difficile  pervaduntur.  A  summitate  aiitem 
hujus  Italici  clivi,  p>lanities  adusque  stationem  nomine  Martis 
per  septem  extenditur  millia :  et  hinc  alia  celsitudo  erectior, 
cegreque  super ahilis,  ad  Matronas  j)orrigitur  verticem,  cujus  vo- 
cabulum  casus  focminse  nobilis  dedit.  Unde  dcclivc  quidem 
iter,  sed  expeditius  adusque  castellum  Virgantiam  patet.' 

The  'Mons  Matrona'  is  the  Mont  Gentvre'  :  the  '  praj- 
celsum  jugum,'  in  the  first  sentence,  is  distinguished  from 
the  Mons  Matrona,  as  being  situated  between  Ad  INIartis 
and  Susa,  and  thus  lying  below,  and  not  above,  the  former 
station.  Its  base,  that  is  to  say,  lay  between  Susa  and 
Ad  Martis  ;  for  no  mountain  is  crossed,  but  only  skirted, 
on  the  road  between  these  two  places.  Ammianus  Mar- 
cellinus,  however,  is  not  so  clear  here  as  might  be  wished. 
He  seems  not  to  have  fully  comprehended  the  accounts 
from  which  he  compiled  his  description  :  the  phenomena  of 
this  '  pra)cclsum  jugum,'   the  avalanches,  snow-drifts,  &c., 


^  Seo  the  Itinorary  from  Bordeaux  to  Jerusalem. 

11 


162  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

are  rather  confusedly  put  together  ;  although  the  circum- 
stantial manner  in  which  they  are  related,  and  the  truth 
and  accuracy  of  the  details  given,  shew  that  the  autho- 
rities which  he  consulted  were  perfectly  trustworthy.  It 
is  the  expression,  '  a  summitate  hujus  Italici  clivi '  which 
introduces  some  difficulty.  Yet  the  point  indicated  by 
this  word  '  summitas '  is  easily  found.  For  about  ten 
Eoman  miles  from  Susa,  in  the  direction  of  the  Genevre, 
the  Dora  flows  through  a  continuous  defile,  which  never 
opens  out  into  a  proper  valley  till  about  two  miles  above 
Exilles.  Here  the  mountains  fall  back,  and  a  level  plain 
is  entered,  which  extends,  for  about  six  Roman  miles,  as 
far  as  Oulx,  the  ancient  '  Ad  Martis.'  This  level  tract  is 
clearly  the  '  planities '  which  '  adusque  stationem  nomine 
Martis  per  septem  extenditur  millia^'  The  'summitas 
hujus  Italici  clivi'  is  therefore  the  end  of  the  defile,  about 
two  miles  above  Exilles,  and  one  below  Salbertrand. 

Yet  this  '  summitas '  is  clearly  not  the  summit  of  the 
'  prsecelsum  jugum,'  even  if  Ammianus  supposed  it  to  be 
so.  For  it  is  merely  a  point  in  the  valley  of  the  Dora, 
and  not  the  crest  of  a  pass  at  all.  Neither  would  the  road 
from  this  point  to  Susa  at  all  answer  to  the  description  of 
the  descent  from  the  'jugum.'  Some  other  meaning  must 
evidently  be  found  for  the  '  summitas  hujus  Italici  clivi.' 

The  employment  of  the  words  '  Italicus '  and  *  clivus ' 
leads  us  readily  to  the  meaning  to  be  affixed  to  this  expres- 
sion. For  all  the  main  chain  of  the  Alps  separating  Gaul 
from  Italy,  and  every  one  of  the  different  mountain-masses 
into  which  that  chain  may  be  divided,  has  necessarily  an 
Italian  and  a  Gallic  slope,  an  '  Italicus '  and  a  *  Gallicus 
clivus.'  Now,  between  the  jjoint  indicated  by  Ammianus 
as  the  '  summitas,'  and  the  city  of  Susa,  there  is  a  conti- 
nuous defile,  extending  from  the  end  of  the  '  planities ' 
to  the  beginning  of  the  open  valley  called  the  Combe  of 
Susa.  This  defile  is  formed  on  the  north  by  a  mountain- 
mass,  which  may  be  considered  to  begin  at  Susa,  and 
to  end  at  the  '  summitas.'  The  lower  extremity  of  the 
Italian    declivity    of  this  mountain-mass,  or  mountain,    is 


1  Compare  Caesar,  Bell.  Oall.  Lib.  in.  (beginning)  where  the  'plani- 
ties' of  Octodurus,  or  Martigny,  is  mentioned. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  163 

thus  at  Susa  ;  the  '  summitas  hiijus  Italic!  clivi,'  (i.  e.)  the 
upper  extremity  of  the  Italian  declivity  of  this  mountain, 
is  at  the  beginning  of  the  '  planities/  two  miles  above  Ex- 
illes.  These  were  the  limits  of  the  Italian  base  of  the 
*pr8ecelsum  jugum,'  across  which  lay  the  passage  from 
Gaul  of  which  we  are  now  in  search. 

But  over  this  mountain-mass  only  three  passes  exist, 
regarding  the  Great  and  Little  Mont  Cenis  as  one.  These 
passes  are :  the  Mont  Cenis,  the  Col  de  Clairee,  and  the 
Col  d'Ambin  or  Col  de  Galumbre.  Yet  these  two  last,  of 
which  the  names  are  scarcely  known,  are  merely  difficult 
mountain-tracks  :  no  '  carpentum,'  however  small  and  rude 
a  vehicle  be  supposed  to  be  designated  by  that  term, 
could  ever  have  crossed  either  of  these  cols.  Besides,  the 
path  from  Savoy  to  the  Col  de  Clairee  passes  on  its  way 
within  a  few  yards  of  the  Col  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis,  so 
that  the  subsequent  ascent  would  be  needless.  Indeed,  the 
Mont  Cenis  is  the  only  one  of  these  three  ways  that  can 
properly  be  called  a  pass.  The  others  could  never  have 
been  used  as  lines  of  communication  between  the  valleys 
of  the  Arc  and  the  Dora. 

Yet  it  is  not  in  position  only  that  this  *  prsecelsum 
jugum'  is  found  to  coincide  with  the  Mont  Cenis.  The 
characters  of  the  two  passes,  as  far  as  the  descent  into 
Italy  is  concerned,  are  also  identical.  For  the  descent  from 
Gaul  by  the  'praecelsum  jugum'  was  excessively  steep, 
'prona  humilitate  devexum,'  flanked  on  both  sides  by 
frightful  precipices,  '  pendentium  saxorum  altrinsecus  visu 
terribilc,'  and  also  liable  in  spring,  the  time  of  avalanches, 
'nivibus  solutis  flatu  calidiore  ventorum,'  to  be  swept  by 
these  falling  masses  of  snow.  The  first  part  of  the  de- 
scent from  La  Grande  Croix  on  the  Mont  Cenis,  by  the 
plain  of  St  Nicholas  to  La  Ferriere,  answers  precisely 
to  this  description.  Of  its  extreme  steepness  enough  has 
already  been  said:  the  danger  from  avalanches,  and  the 
precipices  on  both  sides  of  the  way,  are  also  noticed  in 
several  descriptions  of  the  pass. 

In  a  small  work,  entitled  Guide  dii  voyof^cur  n  Suse  et 
au  passage  du  Grand  Mont-Cenis,  (Susa,  1830),  the  latter 
part  of  the  ascent  from  Susa  is  thus  described : 

11—2 


16 J?  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

'Au  dessous  de  la  route  actuelle^  et  a  sa  droite,  im 
peu  avant  que  d'arriver  a  la  plaine  de  Saint  Nicolas,  se 
trouve  une  ancienne  galerie  en  magonnerie^,  que  Ton 
appelait  la  route  couverte ;  elle  avait  ete  eonstruite  pour 
garantir  les  voyageurs  de  I'irapetuosite  des  vents  et  de  la 
coulee  des  neiges ;  elle  a  140  metres  de  longueur  et  4  metres 
80  centimetres  de  largeur.  Get  ouvrage  est  aujourd'hui 
presqu'entierement  enseveli  sous  les  deblais  que  Ton  a 
dA  faire  pour  former  la  nouvelle  route  qui  rejoint  Tanci- 
enne  a  I'entree  de  la  plaine  de  St  Nicolas,  dont  I'horrible 
beaute  penetre  le  voyageur  d'admiration  et  d'effroi.  Ce 
petit  bassin  est  domine  du  cote  droit  par  des  rochers  tres- 
escarpes  qui  semblent  menacer  les  airs.  A  sa  gauche  se 
trouve  la  nouvelle  route  qu'ou  avait  premierement  essaye 
d'ouvrir  a  travers  d'un  rocher  taille  a  pic  et  d'une  hauteur 
prodigieuse^,  mais  que,  malgre  les  grands  travaux  qu'on 
avait  deja  faits,  Ton  a  ete  force  d'abandonner,  a  cause  de  la 
chtlte  continuelle  des  masses  enormes  de  rocher  qui  se 
detachaient  de  la  montagne,  et  des  dangers  imminents  des 
avalanches  auxquels  on  etait  frequemment  expose.' 

M.  Albanis  de  Beaumont,  {Les  Alpes  Grecques  et  Cotti- 
ennes,  Vol.  ii.  p.  652)  speaking  of  the  descent  from  the 
Mont  Cenis,  says  of  the  plain  of  St  Nicholas  : 

'Elle  est  couverte  d''une  belle  verdure  et  entouree  de 
rochers  abruptes,  dont  les  sommets  se  perdent  dans  les 
nues  :  c'est  du  haut  de  ces  memes  rochers  que  se  pre- 
cipitent  en  cascades  les  eaux  limpides  de  la  Cenise.  Apres 
avoir  traverse  cette  plaine.  Ton  passe  sous  une  longue 
vo^ite*  que  Tancien  gouvernement  Sarde  avait  fait  con- 
struire  afin  de  2)revenir  les  accidents  autrefois  si  communs  sur 
ce  2^(^ssage,  occasionts  par  les  avalanges  toujours  si  dange- 
reuses  et  si  fatales  lors  de  la  fonte  des  neiges ;  ici  ces  ava- 
langes sont  si  considerables,  qu'en  plusieurs  occasions  elles 


1  The  present  carriage-road  is  here  spoken  of. 

2  This  was  on  the  old  road  from  La  Ferriero. 

3  The  '  promontorium'  from  which  Italy  is  seen.  The  cliff  in  which 
it  terminates  is  pierced  by  a  tunnel,  through  which  the  carriage-road  at 
first  ran. 

4  The  new  road  was  at  this  time  (1802)  not  yet  made.  The  '  voute' 
is  the  *  route  couverte '  previously  mentioned. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  165 

ont  enleve  dans  leur  mouvement  de  rotation  sept  a  huit 
mulcts  a  la  fois  ainsi  que  leurs  conducteurs,  qu'elles  ont 
ensuite  ensevelis  dans  le  precipice  afFreux  ou  coulent  les 
eaux  de  la  Cenise,  et  d'ou  leurs  cadavres  n'ont  ete  retires 
qu'apres  I'entiere  fonte  des  neiges,'  &c. 

The  descent  from  the  Mont  Cenis  into  Italy  is  thus 
perfectly  identical  in  character  with  the  descent  from  the 
'  prsecelsum  jugura '  of  Ammianus  Marcellinus,  with  which 
it  has  also  been  concluded  to  coincide,  in  respect  of 
position.  It  may,  therefore,  be  fairly  supposed,  that  the 
Mont  Cenis  was,  in  fact,  the  pass  between  Gaul  and  Italy, 
of  which  Ammianus  speaks  in  this  place. 


Before  proceeding  with  the  question  of  the  Eomau 
road  laid  down  in  the  Peutingerian  table,  it  will  be  neces- 
sary to  determine  the  name  of  the  tribe  which  dwelt  in  the 
Upper  Maurienne.  This  tribe  will  be  found  to  be  the 
Cottian,  as  distinguished  from  the  Yocontian,  Caturiges. 

It  is  generally  considered  that  there  was  in  the  Alps 
but  one  tribe  bearing  the  name  of  Caturiges,  and  that 
they  dwelt  about  the  town  of  Caturigte  or  Caturiges,  now 
Chorges,  between  Gap  and  Embrun.  There  is,  however, 
no  reason  why  there  should  not  have  been  two  tribes,  or 
two  branches  of  the  same  tribe,  identical  in  name.  In- 
stances of  such  a  separation  occur  elsewhere.  In  the 
valley  of  Susa  dwelt  the  tribe  of  the  Segusini  or  Segusiani ; 
and  in  the  modern  Lyonnais  there  was  also  a  tribe  called 
Segusiani.  The  Nantuates  are  mentioned  by  Ctusar'  as 
dwelling  on  the  Upper  Ilhine ;  but  there  was  also  a  tribe 
called  Nantuates  to  the  S.E.  of  the  lake  of  Geneva,  and 
perhaps  another  people  of  the  same  name  near  the  modern 
Nantua  in  the  department  of  the  Ain.  Pliny,  also,  ex- 
pressly speaks  of  people  descended  from  the  Caturiges, 
though  of  different  name  ;  a  fact  which  seems  to  intimate 
that  they  were  not  confined  to  one  spot  in  the  Alps,  but 
might  have  been  scattered  in  several  places ^ 


1  Bell.  Gall.  Lib.  iv. 
2  Llgurum  celebcrrimi  ultra  Alpoe  Sullyi,  Dccoatcs,   Oxubii :    citra 
Vcncni,  ct    Caturigihus  orti  Vtigicuni,   Statyelli,  Vibclli,  Magolli,  Eubu- 
riatcs,  Casinonatcs,  Vcliatcs,  ct  quorum  oppida  in  ora  proxiuia  dicomus. — • 


166  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

That  there  was  a  people  in  the  Alps  called  Caturiges, 
who  dwelt  in  some  other  district  than  the  neighbourhood 
of  Chorges,  seems  certain.  Strabo,  in  his  fourth  book, 
speaks  of  the  Centrones,  the  Catoriges,  the  Veragri,  and 
the  Nantuates,  as  dwelling  on  the  mountains  above  the 
Salassi.  Now  the  limit  of  the  Salassi  on  the  south  seems 
to  have  been  the  Stura,  or  the  Dora  Susina^ :  they  pro- 
bably inhabited  all  the  valleys  on  the  Italian  side  of  the 
main  chain  of  the  Alps,  from  the  Roche  Melon  to  Monte 
Ptosa.  Yet  no  part  of  their  territory  could  be  near  Chorges, 
or  its  district.  The  whole  breadth  of  the  Cottian  land 
intervenes  between  Embrun,  the  frontier  town  of  the 
people  of  Chorges,  and  the  .  Eoche  Melon,  the  nearest 
point  of  the  country  of  the  Salassi.  The  people  of  Chorges, 
also,  could  not  possibly  be  associated,  in  respect  of  situation, 
with  any  one  of  the  tribes  of  the  Centrones,  Veragri,  or 
Nantuates,  or  be  spoken  of  as  a  Cottian  tribe.  For  the 
boundary  of  the  Cottian  territory  was  at  Embrun,  accord- 
ing to  Strabo.  Chorges  would  thus,  on  the  same  authority, 
have  belonged  to  the  Vocontii^. 

The  Caturiges,  or  Catoriges,  who  bordered  on  the 
Salassi,  must  have  inhabited  the  Upper  Maurienne.  For 
the  other  three  tribes  borderhig  on  the  Salassi,  the  Ver- 
agri, the  Nantuates,  and  the  Centrones,  occupied  the 
Lower  Vallais,  and  Eastern  Savoy  as  far  (inclusive)  as  the 
Tarentaise.  The  Caturiges  would  therefore  be  sought, 
cither  in  the  Upper  Vallais,  or  else  in  the  Upper  Mau- 
rienne or  the  valley  of  Susa.  But  they  could  not  have 
dwelt  in  the  Upper  Vallais,  for  they  are  never  mentioned 
among  the  people  inhabiting  that  district,  and  were,  be- 
sides, one  of  the  Cottian  tribes^ :  and  the  only  parts  of  the 


Nat.  Hist.  Lib.  ni.  Cap,  6.  And  again :  Sunt  prseterea  Latio  donati 
incolte,  ut  Octodurenses,  et  finitimi  Centrones,  Cottianco  civitates ;  Catu- 
riges, et  ex  Caturigibus  orti  Vagienni,  Ligures,  et  qui  Montani  vocantur. 
— Lib.  m.  Cap.  20. 

1  Tho  existence  of  a  village  called  '  Salassa,'  or  '  Salazza,'  on  the  right 
bank  of  the  Orca,  seems  to  intimate  that  the  Salassi  extended  to  tho 
south  beyond  that  river. 

2  Lib.  IV.  Cap.  1. 

3  The  names  of  the  Cottian  tribes  arc  found  on  the  Arch  of  Susa* 
The  following  is  tho  inscription:  Imp.  Cscsari .  Augusto  .  Divi .  F.  Pontifici. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  167 

Cottian  territory  which  touched  the  country  of  the  Salassi 
were  the  Upper  Maurienne  and  the  valley  of  Susa.  But 
the  valley  of  Susa  was  inhabited  by  the  Segusini :  the 
Caturiges,  therefore,  should  be  sought  in  the  Upper  Mau- 
rienne. 

Again,  the  Upper  Maurienne  borders  on  the  Tarentaise. 
It  is,  accordingly,  with  the  Centrones,  the  inhabitants  of 
the  Tarentaise,  that  we  find  the  Caturiges  leagued,  when 
C^sar  {Bell.  Gall.  Lib.  i.)  crossed  the  Alps  to  intercept  the 
Helvetii,  and  had  to  encounter  the  opposition  of  the 
mountaineers. 

In  the  enumeration  of  the  Cottian  tribes  on  the  Arch  of 
Susa,  the  Caturiges  are  preceded  by  the  Segusini  and  the 
Belaci,  and  followed  by  the  Medulli.  Now  the  Segusini 
inhabited  the  valley  of  Susa ;  and  the  Belaci  are  placed  in 
the  valley  of  Bardoneche,  where  the  village  of  Beaulard  is 
supposed  to  preserve  their  name.  The  Medulli  dwelt  in 
the  Lower  Maurienne.  We  thus  find  the  Caturiges  either 
certainly,  or  probably,  connected  in  point  of  position 
with  five  tribes;  the  Salassi,  the  Centrones,  the  Medidli, 
the  Belaci,  and  the  Segusini.  But  the  districts  occupied 
by  these  five  tribes  completely  encircle  the  Upper  Mau- 
rienne. It  is  consequently,  on  the  whole,  highly  probable, 
not  to  say  certain,  that  the  Cottian  Caturiges  inhabited 
the  Upper  Maurienne. 


The  question  of  the  former  existence  of  a  Roman  road 
over  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  may  now  be  considered.  In 
the  part  of  the  Peutingerian  table  accompanying  this  book, 
four  Roman  roads  across  the  Alps  will  be  found,  three 
proceeding  from  Turin  and  one  from  Ivrca ;  the  first  three 
being  coincident  for  a  certain  distance.  The  first  of  these 
roads  may  be  called  the  Turin  and  Aries  road.     It  leads 


maxumo  .  tribunic  .  potcstate  .  xv  .  imp  .  xm.  M.  Julius  .  Regis  .  Donni  . 
F.  Cottius  .  Prrcfectus  .  ceivitatium  .  qurc  .  subscriptaj  .  sunt  .  Scgoviorum. 
Sogusinoruiu  .  Boluooruin  .  Caturigum  .  Modulloruiu  .  Tobavioruni  .  Ada- 
natiuin  .  Savincatiuni  .  Egidinioruni  .  Vcaniinioiuiu  .  Yonicainorum  .  linc- 
lioruni .  Vcsubiaiiorum  .  Quadiutium  .  ot  ccivitatcs  qua}  sub  oo  privfooto 
fucrunt. 


168  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

from  Turin  to  Aries,  by  Siisa,  the  Mont  Genevre,  (marked 
Alpis  Cottia  on  the  Table)  Brian^on,  Embriin,  Gap,  Sis- 
teron,  and  Apt.  This  road  is,  as  appears  by  comparison 
•with  the  Itineraries,  correctly  laid  down.  The  second  road 
may  be  called  the  Turin  and  Valence  road.  It  is  repre- 
sented, (erroneously,  as  will  be  shewn)  as  branching  off 
from  the  first  road  on  the  Mont  Genevre.  The  third  road 
may  be  called  the  Turin  and  Vienne  road.  It  is  laid  down, 
(erroneously  also)  as  striking  off  from  the  second  road  close 
to  the  summit  of  the  Mont  Genevre  (no  station  intervening). 
The  fourth  road  may  be  called  the  Ivrea  and  Vienne  road. 
It  leads  by  the  valley  of  Aosta,  the  Little  St  Bernard,  the 
valley  of  the  Isere,  Lemincum  (near  Chambery),  the  Char- 
treuse mountains,  and  Bourgoin,  to  Vienne.  It  was  the 
third  of  these  roads,  the  Turin  and  Vienne  road,  which 
passed  over  the  Little  Mont  Cenis.  It  has,  however, 
hitherto  been  considered  to  have  passed  over  the  Col  du 
Lautaret,  between  Brian9on  and  Grenoble. 

The  second  of  these  roads,  the  Turin  and  Valence 
road,  is  manifestly  laid  down  incorrectly.  The  station  of 
Lucus  (Luc  en  Diois)  is  represented  as  being  only  46  miles 
from  the  summit  of  the  Mont  Genevre.  Yet  Luc,  even  in 
a  straight  line,  is  70  Roman  miles  from  that  mountain  : 
the  road  to  Luc  must,  then,  clearly  branch  off  from  the 
Turin  and  Aries  road  at  some  nearer  point  than  the  Mont 
Genevre.  Besides,  there  is  only  one  natural  way  of 
reaching  Luc  from  the  Mont  Genevre ;  and  that  is  by  the 
valley  of  the  Durance,  down  which  ran  the  road  to  Aries. 
The  road  to  Luc  is  not  likely  to  have  branched  off  before 
reaching  Gap.  Now  a  very  important  line  of  way,  that 
given  in  the  Itinerary  from  Bordeaux  to  Jerusalem,  did 
pass  through  Luc,  and  fell  into  the  Turin  and  Aries  road 
at  Gap:  so  that  cither  this  road  must  be  the  one  erro- 
neously laid  down  in  the  Pcutingerian  table,  or  else  must 
be  totally  omitted  there,  which  is  not  very  probable  in  the 
case  of  so  important  a  highway.  According  to  the  Itine- 
rary of  Antoninus  (Wesscling's  Itineraria  Romanorum)  the 
distance  between  Luc  and  Gap  (Vapincum)  was  50  miles, 
a  number  differing  but  little  from  the  46  miles  of  the 
Pcutingerian  table.      It  thus  appears  that  the  Turin  and 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  169 

Valence  road  of  that  Table  left  the  Turin  and  Aries  road 
at  Gap,  and  not  on  the  summit  of  the  Mont  Genevre^ 

The  error  which  has  vitiated  the  Peutingerian  table  in 
this  place  may  now  be  readily  perceived.  The  author  has 
confounded  the  'Alpis  Cottia'  with  the  'Alpes  Cottite.' 
For,  though  the  Cottian  territory  terminated  at  Embrun 
the  name  of  the  Cottian  Alps,  when  applied  to  mountains, 
might  have  been  extended  to  Gap,  and  even  beyond.  The 
Turin  and  Valence  road  did  not  separate  from  the  Turin 
and  Aries  road  '  in  Alpe  Cottia,'  but  '  in  Alpibus  Cottiis ;' 
not  on  the  Mont  Genevre,  but  somewhere  in  the  Cottian 
Alps.  The  case  would  be  similar  with  respect  to  the 
Turin  and  Vienne  road. 

Having  now  rectified  the  course  of  the  Turin  and  Valence 
road,  the  Turin  and  Aries  road  may  be  left  out  of  consi- 
deration :  for  it  was  from  the  Turin  and  Valence  road  that 
the  Turin  and  Vienne  road  struck  off.  But  at  what  point 
did  it  strike  off?  This  is  as  yet  uncertain:  all  that  we 
can  conclude  is,  that  this  point  was  somewhere  in  the 
Cottian  Alps.  There  are  consequently  four  roads,  each  of 
which  may  have  a  claim  to  be  considered  as  the  Turin  and 
Vienne  road  :  (1)  the  road  of  the  Croix  Haute,  which  strikes 
off  northward  from  the  present  road  to  Luc,  at  Aspres ; 
(the  Roman  road  from  Gap  to  Luc  seems  to  have  passed 
a  little  to  the  south  of  Aspres) :  (2)  the  road  from  Gap  to 
Grenoble  by  the  valley  of  the  Drac :  (3)  the  road  from 
Briangon  to  Grenoble  by  the  Col  du  Lautaret :  and  (4)  the 
road  over  the  Mont  Ccnis. 

Now  the  Peutingerian  table  gives  85  Roman  miles  as 
the  distance  from  Vienne  to  the  point  where  the  Turin 
and  Vienne  road  falls  into  the  Turin  and  Valence  road. 
But,  by  the  nearest  of  the  four  roads  mentioned,  the  route 
of  the  Croix  Haute,  the  distance  from  Vienne  to  Aspres 


*  The  Peutingerian  stations  between  Gap  and  Luc  should  probably 
both  bo  read  '  Gcmincc.'  The  only  station  mentioned  between  these  two 
places  in  the  Itinerary  of  Antoninus  is  '  Mons  Selcucus,'  now  'La  Batio 
Mont  Saloon.'  The  Itinerary  from  Bordeaux  to  Jerusalem  gives,  from 
Luc :  Mutatio  Vologatis,  (inde  ascenditur  Gaura  Mons),  Mutatio  Cam- 
bono,  Mansio  Mouto  Selouci,  Mutatio  Daviano,  Mutatio  ad  fine,  Mansio 
Vapinco. 


170  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

is  more  than  120  Eoman  miles.  The  Peutingerian  table 
is,  therefore,  doubly  erroneous  with  respect  to  the  Turin 
and  Vienne  road :  that  road  does  not  branch  off  from  the 
Turin  and  Valence  road  at  the  place  assigned,  nor  does  it 
reach  Vienne  at  a  distance  of  85  miles  from  the  point 
where  it  strikes  off. 

We  have,  therefore,  a  second  error  to  remove.  The 
principle  to  be  applied  is  suggested  by  the  detection  of  the 
error  on  the  Turin  and  Valence  road.  For  the  road  from 
Luc  did  not  reach  the  summit  of  the  Cottian  Alp  at  a 
distance  of  46  miles  from  Luc,  but  it  fell,  at  about  that 
distance,  {i.  e.  at  Gap)  into  the  road  leading  to  the  Cottian 
Alp.  The  Turin  and  Vienne  road,  as  it  cannot  reach 
Vienne  after  a  course  of  85  miles  from  the  point  where  it 
leaves  the  Turin  and  Valence  road,  should  thus,  it  may  be 
expected,  fall,  at  the  termination  of  that  length  of  way, 
into  a  road  on  the  Table  leading  to  Vienne.  But  this  road, 
into  which  it  falls,  must  be  the  Ivrea  and  Vienne  road, 
for  there  is  no  other.  The  Turin  and  Vienne  road  must 
either  fall  into  this,  or  return  into  the  road  from  which  it 
diverged ;  a  supposition  which  is  hardly  possible. 

The  question,  therefore,  which  has  now  to  be  deter- 
mined, is  this :  which  of  the  four  roads,  the  route  of  the 
Croix  Haute,  the  route  of  the  valley  of  the  Drac,  the 
route  of  the  Lautaret,  or  the  route  of  the  Mont  Cenis,  (the 
Little  Mont  Cenis  will  be  selected)  falls,  at  a  distance  of 
about  85  Eoman  miles  from  the  point  where  it  leaves  the 
Turin  and  Valence  road,  into  the  Ivrea  and  Vienne  road. 

85  Eoman  miles  are  equivalent,  neglecting  fractions,  to 
125  French  kilometres,  or  78  English  miles. 

For  the  three  roads,  by  the  Croix  Haute,  by  the  valley 
of  the  Drac,  and  by  the  Lautaret,  the  nearest  station  on 
the  Ivrea  and  Vienne  road  is  that  of  Augustum,  now  Aoste 
de  St  Genix.  From  Aspres  to  Voirons,  by  the  Croix 
Haute  and  Grenoble,  the  distance  is  given  as  124  kilo- 
metres. From  Gap  to  Voirons,  by  the  valley  of  the  Drac, 
the  distance  is  126  kilometres.  From  Brian^on  to  Voreppe, 
by  the  Lautaret,  the  distance  is  135  kilometres.  Voirons 
is  a])out  20  Eoman  miles  from  Aoste  de  St  Genix,  and 
9  kilometres  from  Voreppe. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  171 

By  either  of  the  tv/o  routes,  that  of  the  Croix  Haute, 
or  that  by  the  valley  of  the  Drac,  the  distance  to  the  Ivrea 
and  Vienne  road  is  thus  about  20  Eoman  miles  longer  that 
it  should  be.  By  the  Lautaret,  the  distance  is  more  than 
30  Koman  miles  in  excess. 

The  distance  from  Susa  to  Aiguebelle  by  the  Little 
Mont  Cenis  (see  page  91)  is  821  Roman  miles.  The  dis- 
tance from  Aiguebelle  to  Maltaverne  is  4^  Piedmontese, 
or  7  Roman  miles.  The  85  Roman  miles,  given  in  the 
Table,  will  therefore  bring  the  road  to  a  point  about  3 
Roman  miles  below  Aiguebelle,  and  4  from  INIaltaverne ; 
in  fact,  exactly  to  the  point  where  the  valley  of  the  Arc 
joins  that  of  the  Isere,  down  which  ran  the  road  from 
Ivrea  to  Vienne. 

The  route  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  seems  thus  to  be 
the  road  of  which  we  are  in  search.  The  station,  at  or 
near  which  the  two  roads  to  Vienne  would  join,  must  have 
been  that  of  Mantala,  which  lay  at  an  equal  distance  (16 
Roman  miles)  from  Lemincum,  (Lemenc  near  Chambcry') 
and  Ad  Publicanos,  (Le  Fay  probably-),  which  was  not 
very  far  from  the  modern  Albertville.  The  station  of 
Mantala  has  been  fixed  at  Freterive,  or  St  Pierre  d'Albigny, 
or  Bourg  TEvescal,  all  on  the  right  bank  of  the  Isere, 
nearly  opposite  INIaltaverne.  There  seems,  however,  not 
much  doubt,  from  the  resemblance  of  names,  that  it  should 
rather  be  placed  at  Maltaverne,  otherwise  Malataverne,  a 
word  probably  compounded  of  Mantala  and  Taberna;  and 
that  the  Roman  road  down  this  part  of  the  valley  of  the 
Isere  ran  on  the  left,  and  not  on  the  right  bank  of  the 
rivcr^. 

The  comparison  of  the  names  of  the  stations  on  the 
Roman  road  from  Turin  to  Vienne,  with  the  names  of  the 
places  with  which  they  arc  identified  on  the  supposition  of 
that  road  having  crossed  the  Little  Mont  Cenis,  will,  it  is 


1  Maltavemo  is  11  Picdnionteso,  or  18  Roman  miles,  from  Chambery. 

2  Sec  Note  A.  at  the  end  of  tlio  book. 

3  Roman  remains  have  been  found  at  Ayton,  on  tho  left  bank  of  tho 
Isero,  as  well  as  at  places  on  tho  right  bank.  See  Les  Alpc^  Orccqucs  et 
(JoUicnncs,  Vol.  n.  p.  GOl. 


]72 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 


conceived,  remove  all  doubt  as  to  the  fact  of  the  Roman 
road  having  passed  this  way. 

The  following  table  will  shew  the  modern  places  which 
correspond  to  the  old  Roman  stations,  with  the  actual 
distances  between  the  various  points  in  Roman  miles,  and 
the  same  distances  as  given  in  the  Peutingerian  Table. 


Ancient  Stations. 

Modem  places. 

Actual  dis- 
tances in 
Koman 

Miles. 

Peutingerian 

distances  in 

Roman 

Miles. 

Segusio 

Stabatio    

Durotincum  

Mellosedum  

Catorissium  

Culabo  

Morginnum  

Turecionicum     ... 
Mantala 

Susa 

La  Ferriere 

Granges  de  Dervieux... 

Bramans  

Villarodin    

Orelle  

St  Jean  de  Maurienne... 

La  Chapelle^  

Maltaverne 

Total 

8| 
71 
101 
5 
121 
141 
141 

8 
7 
10 
5 
12 
14 
14 
15 

m 

85 

Stabatio,  the  first  station  on  the  way  from  Susa,  is  here 
identified  with  La  Ferriere.  This  village  lies  half  way  up 
the  great  ascent  of  the  Mont  Cenis,  beginning  at  La  No- 
valese,  and  ending  at  La  Grande  Croix,  and  is  the  only 
village  or  hamlet  between  those  two  places.  Its  site  would 
thus  naturally  be  chosen  for  a  halting  place  on  the  ascent. 

The  station  of  Durotincum  falls  at  the  Granges  de  Der- 
vieux, a  place  on  the  plateau  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis. 
In  the  word  Dervieux,  some  vestige  of  the  Roman  name 
probably  remains.  The  termination  vieux  seems,  in  ad- 
dition, to  indicate  the  antiquity  of  the  place. 

The  word  Durotincum  is,  as  it  stands,  almost  pure 
Celtic.  It  resolves  itself  readily  into  Dur-tin-cum,  all  which 
syllables  are  Celtic  words.  Dtir'  signifies  '  water,'  and 
may  mean  here  *  the  river '  or  possibly  *  the  Dora.'  Tin^ 
signifies  *  a  beginning,'  the  *  source  ^  or  '  origin '  of  the 
river.  Cum  will  be  the  same  as  the  Welch  Civm,  '  a  valley,' 
or  '  a  hollow  in  the  mountains.'     In  the  '  Combe  of  Susa ' 


1  If  XVI.  were  read  instead  of  XIV.,  the  hamlet  of  Tardy  would 
correspond  to  Turecionicum. 

2  O'Reilly's  Irish.  Diet.  3  ibid. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  173 

and  the  '  Combe  of  ]Malval,'  the  word  is  still  used  in  this 
sense  among  the  Alps. 

Durotincum  will  thus  mean,  'the  hollow  in  the  moun- 
tains where  the  river  (or  Dora)  rises.'  Now  it  is  on  the 
Mont  Cenis  that  the  Cenise,  one  of  the  affluents  of  the 
Dora,  takes  its  rise.  The  longest  of  the  little  rills,  which 
fall  into  the  lake,  and  give  origin  to  the  Cenise,  has  its 
source  on  the  Little  Mont  Cenis.  The  plateau  of  the 
Little  Mont  Cenis,  enclosed  by  mountains,  may  therefore 
properly  be  called  Durotincum. 

The  next  station  bears  the  name  of  Mellosedum.  This 
word  also  is  Celtic  in  origin.  The  first  syllable  exists  in 
Melrose S  Meldrum,  &c.  It  is  a  variation  of  the  word 
Maol,  signifying  '  bare,'  '  barren,'  '  bleak 2.'  The  word 
Mellosedum  seems  thus  to  be  Maol-lon-sead,  Lon  signifying 
'  a  meadow^,'  and  Sead  '  a  way,'  '  a  road,'  or  '  a  seat*.' 
The  signification  of  Mellosedum  would  therefore  be,  '  the 
station  on  the  bare  (or  open)  meadow.' 

These  '  open  meadows  '  are  common  in  the  Alps.  Most 
travellers  in  those  mountains  must  remember  having  fre- 
quently emerged  from  some  ravine  or  narrow  valley  into 
a  small  open  plain  or  basin,  surrounded  by  a  circuit  of 
mountains,  and  sometimes  almost  entirely  bare  of  every- 
thing but  grass.  These  open  spaces  are  called  '  Matt ' 
in  the  German,  and  'Pra'  or  'Praz'  in  the  French  or 
Piedmontese  Alps,  words  of  continual  recurrence,  and 
all  signifying  'a  meadow ^'     Names  nearly  equivalent  in 

1  *  Melros  or  Maol  Ross,  (i.  e.)  tho  bare  promontory.' — Carlisle,  Topo- 
graphical Dictionary  of  Scotland, 
^  Armstrong's  Gaelic  Diet. 

3  Armstrong's  Gaelic  Diet.  In  Anderson's  Guide  to  the  Highlands, 
a  '  Lonn'  is  defined  as  a  '  meadow-strath.' 

4  Armstrong's  Gaelic  Diet.     O'Reilly's  Irish  Did. 

6  In  tho  Diecionario  Geografico-estadistico-historico  de  Espa'>hi  by 
Madoz,  five  places  bearing  tho  namo  of  '  Melon'  aro  enumerated  ;  all  in 
the  province  of  Orcnso  in  Galicia,  a  mountainous  country  whoso  original 
inhabitants  were  of  Celtic  origin.  Ono  of  these  places  is  described  as 
being  situated  in  a  hollow  surrounded  by  mountains,  '  en  una  hondonada 
circuida  por  los  montes  denominados  Faro  y  Carbola,'  a  locality  of  tho 
Bamo  kind  as  a  'Matt'  or  'Pra'  of  the  Alps.  The  word  Melon  is  also 
fou^id  in  tho  name  of   the  mountain  of  the  Roche  Melon,  an  appcUa- 


174  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OP  THE  ALPS. 

meaning  to  Mellosedum  are  still  found.  Andermatt  (i.  e.) 
{Der  Ort)  an  der  Matt  is  one  of  these.  Zermatt,  probably 
the  same  as  Zurmatt,  (i.  e.)  :oU  der  Matt,  is  another. 

The  position  of  Bramans  is  accurately  defined  by  the 
word  Mellosedum,  for  it  lies  on  a  small  open  plain,  4000 
feet  above  the  sea,  and  is  reached  by  the  traveller  from 
Modane  after  passing  through  the  long  defile  guarded  by 
the  fort  of  L'Esseillon.  It  lies  also,  relatively  to  the 
Little  Mont  Cenis,  in  the  same  situation  as  Andermatt  and 
Zermatt  lie,  relatively  to  the  passes  of  the  St  Gothard  and 
the  Cervin ;  the  valley  of  the  Arc  being  entered  from  the 
Little  Mont  Cenis  at  Bramans,  and  the  valleys  of  the 
Eeuss  and  the  Visp  in  the  immediate  neighbourhood  of 
Andermatt  and  Zermatt,  both  these  latter  places  lying  on 
the  open  ground  at  the  feet  of  their  respective  passes. 

The  name  Bramans  seems,  also,  nearly  identical  in 
meaning  with  Mellosedum.  Bramans  is  Bra-mans.  But  Bra 
appears  the  same  word  as  Pra,  the  term  by  which  an  open 
tract  or  Maol-lon  is  now  designated.  Mans  also  is  easily 
corrupted  from  Mansio,  the  name  which  would  be  given 
to  one  of  the  more  important  stations  on  a  Roman  road^ 
Bramans  might  thus  be  Prati  Mansio.  Probably,  when 
the  Celtic  language  was  dying  out  in  the  Alps,  and  a  Latin 
or  Romance  dialect  was  taking  its  place,  the  old  name  Mel- 
losedum fell  into  disuse,  and  was  replaced  by  an  equivalent 
term  of  Latin  origin. 

In  the  next  station,  Catorissium,  (Villarodin),  the  name 
of  the  Caturiges  or  Catoriges,  the  people  of  the  Upper 
Maurienne,  appears.  All  the  names  of  the  other  stations 
are  in  the  ablative.  Catorissium  is  clearly  the  genitive  of 
Catorisses,  and  vice  or  some  similar  word,  must  be  under- 
stood 2, 

tion  which  may  be  taken  as  nearly  identical  in  meaning  with  Matterhorn 
(Cervin).  The  Roche  Melon  rises  above  the  fields  of  La  Novalcso  In 
the  same  manner  as  the  Matterhorn  above  those  of  Zermatt. 

1  See  the  Itineraiy  from  Bordeaux  to  Jerusalem,  passim. 

^  In  the  Pcutingerian  table,  Addeam  occurs  under  the  word  Catoris- 
sium. This  belongs  properly  to  the  word  Bocontiorum,  which  is  found 
below  on  the  road  from  Gap  to  Valence ;  the  station  Dca  Vocontiorum 
or  Ad  deam  Vocontiorum  being  indicated.  The  name  of  the  station 
Catorissium  may  possibly,  however,  have  been,  in  full,  Vca  Catorissium. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  175 

In  Cidaho  we  have  again  a  Celtic  term.  It  is  preserved 
most  nearly  in  the  Gaelic  Ciilaohh^,  and  appears,  in  the 
Piedmontese  Culaton'.  The  name  of  the  Col  de  la  Cvla,  a 
pass  at  the  extremity  of  the  valley  of  Barcelonnette,  seems 
to  derive  its  designation  from  this  old  word,  which  defines 
its  position. 

The  word  Culaho  will  signify  '  extremity  '  or  *  end  :'  it 
corresponds  to  the  Ad  fines  of  the  Romans.  Orelle,  which 
is  identified  with  Culaho,  would  be  probably  the  last  village 
of  the  Caturiges  ;  for  it  is  to  the  Upper  or  Caturigan 
valley,  and  not  to  the  Lower,  that  it  would  naturally  be 
attached ^  The  word  Orelle  seems  also  to  signify  '  ex- 
tremity,' being  apparently  a  diminutive  of  ora.  It  is 
most  likely  connected  with  the  heraldic  orle  'a  border,' 
and  with  the  Italian  orlo  and  the  Spanish  orilla,  both  signi- 
fying 'extremity.'  In  Ponza's  Piedmontese-ltalian  Dic- 
tionary, it  will  be  seen  that  cula-ton  is  rendered  in  Italian 
orl-iccio,  clearly  indicating  the  identity  of  idea  in  the  two 
cases. 

Culaho,  like  Mellosedum,  probably  lost  its  original  name 
with  the  decay  of  the  Celtic  language,  and  became  known 
by  the  equivalent  Romance  appellation  of  Orelle. 

The  station  of  Morginnum  falls  at  St  Jean  de  Maur^- 
enne.  Here  the  similarity  of  name  is  at  once  apparent ; 
but  it  is  in  reality  still  closer  than  it  seems.  For  the 
former  name  of  St  Jean  was  simply  Maurienne*,  and  not 


The  word  Dca  is  probably  the  Celtic  Teagli, '  a  house.'    See  Rcchcrclics  sur 
les  lanyues  Celtlques,  par  W.  F.  Edwards,  pp.  466,  467. 

1  '  Culaohh,  the  back  part  of  any  tiling.' — Armstrong's  Gaelic  Dictionari/. 

2  '  Culaton,  estremitri,  parte  deretana :  culaton  d'l  pan,  orliccio,  cstrc- 
mitil  del  pane.' — Ponza,  Vocaholario  Piemontese-Italiano.  '  Cularvm  sig- 
nific  proprement  lieu  recule,  cxtremite.' — Pilot,  Ilistoirc  dc  Grcnohlc,  p.  2. 

3  If  the  frontier  of  the  Caturiges  was,  in  the  time  of  Hannibal,  near 
Orelle,  he  would,  after  passing  tho  Rock  of  Baunc,  soon  enter  into  the 
territory  of  a  different  tribe  from  the  one  which  had  attacked  him  there. 
That  such  was  the  case,  has  been  previously  conjectured.     Sec  p.  112. 

■*  Qucsta  piccola  cittil,  di  cui  s'  ignora  la  fondazione,  sino  dall'  anno 
340  avea  il  noine  di  Moriaiia  ed  un  proprio  vescovo:  ne  prose  il  non\o 
di  S.  Giovanni  clio  dopo  la  niclh  del  sccolo  VI,  in  cui  il  re  Gontranno 
di  Borgogna,  scacciatino  i  Langobardi,  vi  foco  fabbricaro  la  cattodralia 
dedicata  al  Santo  prccursoro. — Idncrario  dejli  Stati  Sardi. 


176  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

St  Jean  de  Maurienne.  In  mediaeval  Latin  it  is  called  Mau- 
rienna  or  Morienna^,  while  the  more  complete,  and  probably 
more  ancient,  form  of  the  word  is  Maurigenna  or  3Iorigenna^. 
Little  doubt  can  be  entertained  of  the  identity  of  the  Ro- 
man Morginnum  and  the  Morigenna  of  the  dark  ages^. 

The  station  of  Turecionicum  falls  at  La  Chapelle,  an 
important  village  in  the  Lower  Maurienne.  It  has  been 
already  spoken  of  in  the  description  of  the  route  of  the 
Mont  Cenis.  (Chap.  vi.  p.  82.) 

From  3Iantala,  (Maltaverne)  the  Roman  roads  to 
Vienne   from   the  Little  Mont    Cenis  and  the    Little    St 


^  See  Hadriani  Valesii  Notitia  Galliarum,  where  several  passages  are 
quoted  from  mediaeval  writers,  in  which  St  Jean  de  Maurienne  is  called 
'  urbs  Maurienna'  and  '  civitas  Maurienna,'  or,  in  either  case,  '  Morienna.' 
In  Baronius  it  is  mentioned  by  the  name  '  Geneva  Maurienna,'  as  one  of 
the  six  sees  subject  to  Vienne.  '  Porro  ilia  sex  oppida  vel  civitates,  Gra- 
tianopolis  videlicet,  Valentia,  Dia,  Alba,  Vivarium,  Geneva  Maurienna, 
in  ejus  tanquam  in  proprii  Metropolitani  obedientia  et  subjectione  per- 
maneant.' — Baronii  Annates,  Vol.  xviii.  An.  1120.  It  seems  to  have 
been  ceded  by  the  Franks,  under  the  name  of  Geneva,  to  Theodoric  the 
Ostrogoth.     See  Lebeau,  Histoire  du  Bas-Empire,  Vol.  vii.  p.  196. 

2  Auctoritas  quod  ex  antiquo  Morinensis  ecclesia  Viennensi  metropoli 
subdita  Juit. 

Audiens  autem  gloriosus  Guntramnus  rex   de 

reliquiis  beati  Johannis  et  de  miraculis  quse  ibi  Dominus  ostenderat, 
legates  suos  Moriennam  direxit,  qui  ecclesiam  inibi  fabricarent,  cum 
circumjacentibus  episcopis  et  comitibus,  ubi  reliquias  beati  Johannis 
Baptista3  reponeret,  eamque  perfectam  episcopo  Viennensi,  ad  cujus 
dioecesim  pertinebat  locus,  sancto  Isychio  sacrare  prsecepit.  Synodum 
vero  postmodum  in  civitate  Cabillonis  congregare  sanctorum  episcoporum 
fecit,  et  ibidem  sanctum  Felmasium  episcopum  Morigennce  ab  episcopo 
Viennensi  ordinatum  primum  constituit,  et  civitati  Viennensi  ipsam 
Mauriennam  ecclesiam  cum  consensu  episcoporum  subjectam  fecit. 
Ad  quam  ecclesiam  Morigennensem,  ubi  beati  Johannis  Baptistse  reliquias 
posuerat,  Secusiam  civitatem  jamdudum  ab  Italis  acceptam  cum  omnibus 
pagensibus  ipsius  loci  subjectam  fecit,  et  consensu  etiam  Romani  Ponti- 
ficis  Viennensi  ecclcsiao  jure  perenni  episcopus  civitatis  et  vici  Mauri- 
gennce  subditum  esse  decrovit. — Appendix  to  the  Works  of  Gregory  of 
Tours. 

3  The  '  Morginno*  of  the  Peutingcrian  Table  should,  perhaps,  be 
* Morginna*  Vienna,  in  this  Table,  is  written  ' Vigenna ;'  a  further  argu- 
ment, if  one  were  required,  for  the  idontiby  of  'Morienna'  and  'Mori- 
genna.' 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE   OF  THE  ALPS.  177 

Bernard  were  coincident.  They  went,  by  Lemincum  (Le- 
menc),  across  the  Chartreuse  mountains  (probably  by  the 
Mont  du  Chat),  to  Augustum  (Aoste  de  St  Genix) ;  and 
thence  by  way  of  Bergusium  (Bourgoin),  to  Vienna  Allohro- 
gum,  now  Vienne. 

It  seems,  then,  from  the  agreement  of  two  entirely 
different  lines  of  argument,  that  a  JRoman  road  must  have 
crossed  the  Little  Mont  Cenis.  For  that  conclusion  has 
been  drawn,  in  the  first  instance,  from  considerations  quite 
independent  of  the  names  of  the  stations ;  the  result  hav- 
ing been  arrived  at  by  applying  to  the  Peutingerian  table 
an  indispensable  correction  upon  a  system  naturally  sug- 
gested by  a  previously  discovered  and  corrected  error  in 
the  Table.  The  remarkable  coincidences  with  respect  to 
the  names  of  the  Roman  stations  seem  to  render  it  highly 
improbable,  that  the  conclusion  previously  drawn  should 
have  been  erroneous. 


The  grounds,  on  Avhich  it  may  be  presumed  that  the 
Mont  Cenis  was  crossed  by  Julius  Caesar,  are  derived 
from  the  following  passage  in  the  first  book  de  Bello 
Gallico  : 

'  Ipse  (Caesar)  in  Italiam  magnis  itineribus  contendit  : 
duasque  ibi  legiones  conscribit ;  ct  tres,  quai  circa  Aqui- 
leiam  hiemabant,  ex  hibernis  educit;  et,  qua  proximum 
iter  in  ultcriorem  Galliam  per  Alpcs  erat,  cum  his  quin- 
que  legionibus  ire  contendit.  Ibi  Centroncs,  et  Garoceli, 
ct  Caturiges,  locis  superioribus  occupatis,  itinerc  exercitum 
prohibcre  conantur.  Compluribus  his  pra^liis  pulsis,  ab 
Occlo,  quod  est  citcrioris  provincia3  extrcmum,  in  fines 
Vocontiorum  ulterioris  provincise  die  septimo  pervenit: 
inde  in  Allobrogum  fines,  ab  Allobrogibus  in  Scgusianos 
exercitum  ducit.  Hi  sunt  extra  provinciam  trans  Rho- 
danum  primi.' 

Cesar's  passage  of  the  Alps  was  opposed  by  three 
tribes;  the  Centroncs,  the  Garoceli,  and  llie  Caturiges. 
The  Centroncs  lived  in  the  Tarcntaisc  :  the  Caturiges  bor- 
dering on  the  Centroncs,  (who  must  be  the  Caturiges  here 
spoken  of)  in  the  Upper  Mauricnnc.     The  third  tribe,  the 

12 


178  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

Garoceli,  is  mentioned  by  C?esar  only.  Their  name  does 
not  occur  in  Strabo,  Pliny,  or  Ptolemy.  The  natural  con- 
clusion from  these  omissions  is,  that  the  Garoceli  are 
mentioned  by  those  authors  under  some  other  name.  They 
appear,  in  fact,  to  be  identical  Avith  the  MeduUi,  the  city 
of  St  Jean  de  Maurienne  being  mentioned  in  old  docu- 
ments as  Sanctus  Joannes  Garocellius,  a  fact  which  seems 
to  fix  the  Garoceli  in  the  Lower  Maurienne,  the  country 
of  the  Medulli^ 

Of  the  three  tribes,  then,  who  opposed  Csesar's  passage, 
two  lived  in  the  Maurienne,  and  one  in  the  Tarentaise. 
Caesar  must  thus  have  crossed  the  Alps  either  by  the  Mont 
Cenis  or  the  Little  St  Bernard. 

The  Vocontian  frontier,  which  Csesar  would  arrive  at 
by  either  of  these  passes,  would  be  situated  near  the  river 
Drac,  which  seems  to  have  formed  the  eastern  boundary  of 
the  Yocontii.  He  would,  then,  reach  the  banks  of  the 
Drac,  or  the  neighbourhood  of  Grenoble,  on  the  seventh 
day  after  leaving  Ocelum.  Now  Ocelum  lay,  according  to 
Strabo,  at  a  distance  of  27  Koman  miles  below  Scingo- 
magus    or  Susa^;    a   measurement  which  would  place  it 


1  Incolas  (Mauriennfe)  quamvis  nonnulli  putcnt  eos  esse,  quos  Pli- 
nius  ac  Strabo  Medullos  appellaverunt,  seu  qui  Brannovices  Csesari 
memorantur,  nos  tamen  in  ea  sententia  sumus,  ut  esse  credamus  ejus- 
dera  Ceesaris  Lib.  i.  Belli  Gallici  Garocellos,  medios  inter  Vocontios  ac 
Centrones,  id  est,  inter  Montanos,  Delphinates,  et  Tarentasios :  eoque 
magis  huic  sententise  adhseremus,  quo  in  antiquis  tabulis  ac  monumentis, 
S.  Joannis  Garocellii  vocabulo  appellatur  legimus  clvitatis  primariee,  qua 
de  agimus,  Ecclesiam  Cathedralem. — Blaev.  Theatrum  S<ihaudice. 

The  root  of  the  name  Garoceli  is  probably  to  be  found  in  the  Welsh 
Gorupel,  'Supreme,  very  high,  lofty.'  (Owen's  Welsh  Diet.)  The  Garo- 
celi were  the  inhabitants  of  some  very  lofty  mountains.  This  circumstance 
is  perfectly  in  accordance  with  what  Strabo  says  of  the  MeduUi  (Lib.  iv. 
cap.  6.)  Mera  8e  OiioKovriovs  SiKOMOt,  /cat  TpiKopioi,  Koi  fier  avrovs  Me- 
dovXoi,  oinep  ras  {j\}/Tj\oTdTas  ex°^^''  Kopv^^s.  Gor-Ufel  (an  intensive  of 
wfcZ,  'hiwh')  and  v'^rjX-oTaros  have  accurately  the  same  meaning,  and, 
it  is  possible,  a  common  root.  The  lofty  mountains  of  the  Medulli 
present  themselves  under  an  exceedingly  imposing  aspect  when  seen  across 
the  Arc  from  the  old  road  by  Lo  Thyl  and  La  Traverse. 

2  See  Note  B,  at  tho  end  of  the  book,  on  the  position  of  Ocelum,  and 
of  Scingomagus. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  179 

3  Roman  miles  below  Avigliana,  or  near  where  Buttigliera 
now  stands.  But  for  Csesar  to  perform,  in  seven  clays,  the 
journey  from  Buttigliera  to  Grenoble  by  the  Little  St 
Bernard,  would  have  been  impossible :  the  distance  is 
evidently  far  too  great.  It  must  have  been  by  the  Mont 
Cenis  that  he  crossed  the  Alps ;  for  in  this  case  the  dis- 
tance is  found,  as  will  be  readily  seen,  to  be  about  what 
would  have  been  previously  expected. 

From  Ocelum  to  Susa  the  distance  is  27  Roman  miles. 
From  Susa  to  St  Jean  de  Maurienne,  the  distance  is 
58  Roman  miles  \  From  St  Jean  de  Maurienne  to  the  road 
leading  up  the  Graisivaudan  on  the  left  bank  of  the  Isere, 
the  distance  by  the  mountain-road  across  the  Col  du 
Glandon  and  the  Col  de  la  Coche  may  be  roughly  esti- 
mated at  35  English,  or  38  Roman  miles.  From  thence  to 
Grenoble,  the  distance  is  about  12  English,  or  13  Roman 
miles.  From  Ocelum  to  Grenoble  by  this  route  the  dis- 
tance would  thus  be  about  136  Roman  miles  2.  This 
distance  might  have  been  performed  by  Caesar  in  seven 
days;  for  he  could  have  marched,  when  in  haste,  at  the 
rate  of  twenty  Roman  miles  a  day.  That  he  was  in  haste, 
is  certain :  and  the  mention  of  the  seven  days  seems  to 
have  been  made  with  the  view  of  proving  the  celerity 
with  which  he  marched. 

When  Cresar  says  that  he  took  the  shortest  road  across 
the  Alps,  he  may  probably  mean,  that  instead  of  following, 
from  St  Jean  de  Maurienne,  the  longer  and  easier  route 
by  Aiguebelle,  La  Rochcttc,  and  Allevard,  he  took  the 
shorter  way  by  the  Col  du  Glandon  and  the  Col  de  la 
Coche,  and  was  thus  enabled  to  reach  Grenoble  in  seven 
days  after  leaving  Ocelum.  It  is  also  not  improbable, 
that  when  on  his  way  from  Geneva  into  Italy  to  collect  his 

1  By  tho  Pcutingerian  measurement,  66  Rom;m  milos. 

2  Perhaps  Ctesar  did  not  cross  the  Drac.  Near  the  modern  Grenoble, 
ho  might  perhaps  bo  said  to  bo  '  in  finibus  Vocontiorum.'  Crossing  the 
Isere  at  Grenoble,  he  would  arrive  at  tho  suburb  of  Grenoble  lying  on 
tho  north  of  the  river,  and  corrospouding  to  the  ancient  Cularo,  and  thus 
be  '  in  finibus  A llobroguin.'  From  tluMico,  traversing  the  country  of  tho 
Allobroges  to  Vionne  or  Lyons,  aiul  crossing  the  IJliono,  lie  would  arrive 
'  in  Sogusianos.' 


180  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

forces,  he  had  given  some  cause  of  offence  to  the  Cen- 
trones,  Avhose  country  he  would  have  skirted,  or  just 
entered,  if  he  followed,  as  is  most  likely,  the  road  from 
Geneva,  by  Annecy  and  Cesarches,  to  Aiguebelle  and  the 
Mont  Cenis.  This  may  account  for  the  Centrones  joining 
in  the  attack  upon  him  on  his  return.  At  all  events,  they 
had  probably  become  aware  that  he  intended  to  recross 
the  Alps  into  Ulterior  Gaul,  and  were  induced  to  join 
their  neighbours,  the  Caturiges  and  Garoceli,  in  an 
attempt  to  resist  his  passage'. 


If  the  Mont  Cenis  was  known  to  Julius  Ctfisar,  the  road 
over  that  mountain  must  necessarily  have  existed  before 
the  time  of  Strabo.  It  may  now  therefore  be  concluded 
with  safety,  that  the  pass  of  which  Strabo  speaks  (Lib.  iv. 
cap.  6)  between  the  country  of  the  Medulli  and  that  of  the 
Taurini^  was  that  of  the  Little  Mont  Cenis.  (For  this,  and 
not  the  Great  Mont  Cenis,  is  the  line  of  road  traced  in  the 
Peutingerian  table.)  The  distance,  also,  from  Bramans  to 
Susa   is,    according    to  that    Table,    25   Koman  miles,   or 


1  The  earliest  route  over  the  Mont  Cenis  would  be  that  followed  by 
Hannibal,  along  the  left  bank  of  the  Isere,  and  by  the  towns  of  Allevard, 
Aif'uebelle,  and  St  Jean  de  Maurienne.  Cajsar,  by  taking  the  more  diffi- 
cult way  from  St  Jean  de  Maurienne,  across  the  Col  du  Glandon  and  the 
Col  de  la  Coche,  would  avoid  the  long  circuit  by  the  valley  of  La  Rochette. 
Up  to  this  time,  the  IMont  Cenis,  the  valley  of  the  Arc,  and  the  vale  of 
Graisivaudan,  seem  to  have  been  used  as  the  line  of  passage,  both  to  the 
neighbourhood  of  Valence,  and  also  to  Vienno  and  Lyons ;  for  it  would 
probably  be  to  one  of  these  last  two  cities  that  Cajsar  directed  his 
course,  when  ho  was  on  his  way  to  the  country  of  Segusiani.  When  the 
route  over  the  Chartreuse  mountains  was  opened,  the  road  of  the  Mont 
Cenis  was,  as  appears  from  the  Peutingerian  table,  connected  with  that 
road,  and  tlic  way  by  Grenoble  and  the  Graisivaudan  no  longer  formed  the 
line  of  approach  to  Vienne.  In  the  times  of  the  empire,  also,  the  road 
from  Gap  to  Die  and  Valence  came  into  use,  and,  as  would  appear  from 
the  Itineraries,  displaced  the  Mont  Cenis  from  being  the  lino  of  passage 
between  Valence  and  Turin.  No  route  up  the  Graisivaudan  is  given  in 
the  Itineraries,  or  traced  in  the  Peutingerian  table.  None  of  the  great 
highways  of  the  empire  seem  to  have  passed  through  it,  though  the 
oilier  roads  in  that  valley  may  still  have  been  more  or  less  frequented. 

^  See  above,  p.  132,  note  2, 


HANNIBAL'S  TASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  181 

200  stadia.  The  most  accurate  half-way  point  wouki 
be  where  the  road  passed  by  the  south-western  corner  of 
the  lake  on  the  plateau  of  the  Mont  Cenis.  From  this 
point,  reckoning  to  Susa  on  the  one  side,  and  to  Bramans 
on  the  other,  we  should  have  the  two  lengths  of  one  hun- 
dred stadia  each,  which  are  mentioned  by  Strabo^ 

The  concluding  question  connected  with  this  enquiry 
now  arises. 

Which  of  the  two  passes,  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  and 
the  Mont  Genevre,  (a  pass  also  known  to  Strabo)  was 
described  by  him,  on  the  authority  of  Polybius,  as  the 
pass  through  the  country  of  the  Taurini,  which  Hannibal 
crossed-?  For  one  only  of  these  two  passes  was  known 
to  Polybius,  though  both  existed  in  the  time  of  Strabo, 
who  seems  to  have  introduced  the  words  rju  'Avi'ifia^  SiijXOev 
for  the  purpose  of  definition,  (and  not  as  a  mere  casual 
observation,)  the  pass  which  Hannibal  crossed  being  neces- 
sarily the  most  ancient  of  the  two,  and  therefore  the  one 
known  to  Polybius,  of  which  Strabo  wishes  to  speak. 

Now  the  Alpine  mountaineers  were  completely  subdued 
for  the  first  time  by  Augustus.  Cottius  and  the  tribes 
under  his  rule  made  their  submission  to  the  Romans,  and 
so  escaped  conquest ;  and  the  Cottian  territory  seems  to 
have  been  increased,  under  Augustus,  by  the  addition  of 
some  of  the  conquered  tribes,  such  as  the  Medulli,  Catu- 
riges,  and  Vesubiani.  Great  alterations  were  eftectcd  by 
Augustus  in  relation  to  the  roads  through  the  Alps.  He 
seems  to  have  repaired  the  old  roads  and  opened  new 
ones.  It  is  in  the  reign  of  Augustus  that  the  number 
of  the  roads  across  the  Alps  would,  in  all  probability y^have 
been  increased. 

The  testimony  of  Ca3sar's  Commentaries  is  particularly 
valuable  in  indicating  the  roads  which  traversed  the  Alps 
before  the  time  of  Augustus.      For  Ciesar  crossed  the  Alps 


1  That  Strabo  mentions  neither  tho  Caturigos,  nor  tho  Segusini,  in 
connexion  with  this  pass,  seem  omissions  of  no  importance. 

*  TfTTafxts  5  vTrtpjidarfis  ovofid^ti  /jiwou'  Sin  Avyicov  fxfu  Tr)i>  (yyiara  tco 
Ti//)^7i'(«a)  7r«X(iyft"  tua  ti]v  hiu  Tavpiixov,  ijV  \\vvil-ias  8i>jX0fu'  ftrn  t^v  8ia 
^(iX(t(r(Twv'  T(T('ij)Trjv  fif,  Ti)v  fii(«  'VuiTtov'  I'lTTaads  Ky)7/nj'a)(5f«f. — Strabo,  Lib. 
IV.  Cap.  G. 


182  HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS. 

several  times,  and  is  himself  his  own  historian,  so  that  the 
character  of  his  evidence  is  perfect.  Yet  he  only  alludes 
to  two  passes,  the  Mont  Cenis,  and  the  pass  through  the 
country  of  the  Veragri,  (i.e.)  the  Great  St  Bernard  •.  He 
does  not  appear  ever  to  have  crossed  the  Mont  Genevre. 
The  Little  Mont  Cenis  was  thus,  it  is  probable,  the  most 
ancient  pass  of  the  two  which  led  through  the  country  of 
the  Taurini. 

The  route  of  the  Mont  Genevre,  as  given  by  Strabo, 
led,  by  way  of  Embrun  and  the  Durance,  to  Aries  and 
Nimes.  The  cross  road  from  Gap,  to  Die  and  Valence,  is 
not  mentioned  by  him.  The  route  of  the  Mont  Genevre, 
as  far  as  can  be  gathered  from  Strabo,  was  only  known  by 
him  as  a  road  to  Aries  and  Nimes,  and  as  leading  to  the 
Ehone  by  way  of  the  Durance.  The  route  of  the  Little 
]Mont  Cenis  passed  through  the  country  of  the  MeduUi, 
and  would  thus  lead  into  the  Graisivaudan,  and  reach  the 
Ehone  by  way  of  the  Isere. 

It  was  however,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  embou- 
chure of  the  Isere,  and  not  of  the  Durance,  that  Hannibal 
struck  off  from  the  banks  of  the  Ehone  to  cross  the  Alps. 
It  would  therefore,  on  this  account  alone,  be  more  pro- 
bable, from  what  Strabo  says,  that  Hannibal  crossed  the 
Alps  by  the  Little  Mont  Cenis,  and  not  by  the  Mont 
Genevre. 

It  appears  then,  on  the  whole,  that  the  Little  Mont 
Cenis  has  the  best  claim  to  be  considered  as  '  the  pass 
through  the  country  of  the  Taurini,  which  Hannibal 
crossed,'  it  being  probably  of  more  ancient  date  than  the 
Mont  Genevre,  and  more  consistent  with  what  is  known  of 
Hannibal's  march  along  the  Ehone.  It  is  not  contended, 
that  it  is  certain,  from  this  passage  in  Strabo,  and  from 
the  fact  of  the  antiquity  of  the  road  over  the  Little  Mont 
Cenis,  that  it  was  by  this  way  that  Hannibal  crossed  the 


1  De  Bello  Gallico,  Lib.  in.  These  two  passes  appear  to  have  been 
known  from  the  most  remote  historic  times.  The  passes  by  which  the 
Gauls  effected  their  earliest  emigrations  into  Italy,  according  to  Livy, 
(v.  34,  35,)  were  two  in  number ;  one  through  the  country  of  the  Tau- 
rini, and  one  by  the  Pennine  Alps. 


HANNIBAL'S  PASSAGE  OF  THE  ALPS.  183 

Alps.  The  evidence,  however,  derived  from  the  knowledge 
of  the  Roman  roads,  is,  as  far  as  it  goes,  in  favour  of  the 
Little  Mont  Cenis ;  and  the  amount  of  probability,  what- 
ever it  be,  which  can  be  drawn  from  such  testimony,  rests 
with  that  pass,  and  weakens  a  theory  in  support  of  any 
other ;  and  thus  the  very  grounds,  on  the  supposed  strength 
of  which,  the  claims  of  the  Mont  Cenis  to  be  considered  as 
the  pass  which  Hannibal  crossed  have  been  rejected,  are 
found,  upon  examination,  to  give  additional  force  to  those 
claims.  In  fact,  on  whatever  authority  the  enquiry  into 
Hannibal's  route  be  based ;  whether  it  be  grounded  upon 
the  narrative  of  Polybius  or  of  Livy,  or  upon  the  know- 
ledge of  the  ancient  roads  across  the  Alps ;  the  conclusion 
reached  is  always  the  same,  and  the  Little  Mont  Cenis  is 
pointed  out,  in  every  case,  as  the  pass  by  which  Hannibal 
effected  his  descent  into  the  plains  of  Italy. 


APPENDIX. 


Note  A. 

The  following  routes  are  taken  from  Wesseling's  Itineraria 
Romanorum.  The  first  route  is  directly  transcribed  from  the 
text.  In  the  second  route,  three  of  the  various  readings  given 
in  the  notes  have  been  adopted.  The  reading  Cestmria  has  been 
preferred  to  Castiaria.  The  distance  between  Cesuaria  and 
Bautas  is,  also,  taken  at  xxx.  instead  of  xviii.  Roman  miles. 
Instead  of  Cenava,  the  reading  Geneva  has  been  adopted.  The 
modern  places  supposed  to  coincide  with  the  ancient  stations, 
have  also  been  set  down  in  the  follow  ing  tables :  the  reasons  for 
such  identification,  in  addition  to  those  derived  from  the  approxi- 
mate coincidence  of  distances,  will  be  afterwards  given. 


ROUTE  FROM  lYREA  TO  VIENNE. 


Ancient  Stations. 


Eporedia    

Vitricium  

Augusta  Prfetoria. 

Arebriglum 

Bergintrum    

Darantasia 

Oblimum   

Ad  Publicanos  — 

Mantala 

Lemincum 

Labiscone  

Augustum 

Bergusium 

Vienna  


Modem  Places. 


I    Distances 
given  in  Ro- 
man miles. 


Ivrea  

Verres    

Aosta 

Arpi  

Bourg  St  IMaurice 

Salins  (near  Moutiers) 

Ablene   

Le  Fay  

Maltaverne    

Lemenc  (nearChambery). 

doubtful 

Aoste  de  St  Gcnix     

Bourgoin    

|Vienne  


21 
25 
25 
24 
19 
13 
3 
16 
16 
14 
14 
16' 
20 


ROUTE  FROM  DARANTASIA  TO  GENEVA. 


Darantasia. 
Cesuaria  . 
Bautas  — 
Geneva  .... 


Salins 

Cesarches  

Annccy-le-vicux 
Geneva 


24 
30 
25 


13 


186  APPENDIX. 

It  will  be  convenient  to  consider  the  second  of  these  routes 
first.  Darantasia  must  be  either  at  Moutiers  or  at  Salins.  In 
addition  to  the  argument  drawn  from  the  agreement  of  distances, 
the  name  of  the  station  indicates  tliat  it  was  situated  on  the 
Doron,  the  river  wliicli  joins  the  Isere  by  Moutiers  ^  Besides,  in 
the  Peutingerian  table,  Darantasia  is  placed  10  miles  below  the 
station  of  Axima,  clearly  the  modern  Aime.  M.  Roche,  of  Mou- 
tiers, identifies  Darantasia  rather  with  Salins  than  with  Moutiers. 
The  signification  of  the  name  of  the  Roman  station  makes  Salins 
also  preferable. 

The  name  of  Cesarches,  and  its  distance  from  Salins,  point 
it  out  as  the  Roman  Cesuaria.  Cesarches  is  a  village  lying  on  the 
left  bank  of  the  Arly,  a  short  distance  above  Albertville.  The 
modern  road  from  Albertville,  to  Annecy  and  Geneva,  lies  on  the 
right  bank  of  the  Arly. 

Bautas  is  generally  placed  at  Annecy-le-vieux,  which  appears  to 
be  situated  at  about  the  right  distance  from  Cesarches,  and  also 
from  Geneva.  The  name  of  Bautas  is  perhaps  identical  with  that 
of  Pautas  (in  Italian  Pautasso)  a  place  one  or  two  miles  to  the 
west  of  Carignano  in  Piedmont.  Pautass  in  Piedmontese  signi- 
fies *a  marsh,'  so  that  the  name  Pautas  seems  identical  with  the 
French  La  Palud,  which  occurs  in  several  places.  The  plain 
where  the  modern  Annecy  is  built  may  anciently  have  been  a 
marshy  tract :  or  if  the  word  Bautas  be  supposed  entirely  iden- 
tical with  the  Latin  Pains,  the  lake  of  Annecy  itself  may  be 
pointed  out  under  this  designation  2. 

It  has  been  already  conjectured,  that  Arebrigium,  on  the  first 
route,  should  be  placed  at  Arpi  rather  than  at  Pre  St  Didier. 
Nothing  else,  with  respect  to  this  route,  calls  for  notice  before 
arriving  at  Darantasia.  Oblimum,  (otherwise  Ohilonna),  the  first 
station  after  Darantasia,  seems  fixed,  both  by  name  and  distance, 
at  Ablene. 

Ad  Publicanos  lay  three  miles  below  Oblimum.  Le  Faj',  on 
the  left  bank  of  the  Isere,  is  about  that  distance  from  Ablene. 
It  would  also  be  at  about  the  right  distance  from  Cesuaria  or 
Cesarches.  The  river  was  probably  crossed  at  this  place,  and 
the  Roman  Provincia  entered.  Toll  would  be  taken  in  passing  by 
the  *Publicani3.' 


'  The  lirst  part  of  the  word  Daran-tasia  seems  plainly  to  be  the  name  of  the 
river  Doron.  The  second  part  probably  remains  in  the  name  of  the  village  of  Thet/s, 
not  far  from  Alkvard,  in  Dauphin^.  The  Irish  Tengliais,  '  dwelling-places,'  will  be 
another  variation  of  the  old  Celtic  word.  Darantasia  thus  means, '  the  dwellings  on 
the  Doron.'    See  also  Edwards'  Kecherches  sur  les  laugues  Celliques,  pp.  466,  467- 

«  See  Diefenbach's  Cellica,  i.  183,  Art.  278. 

•  The  Welsh  word  'Fat'  means  'an  extreme;'  '  Faig,' '  an  extremity'  or  'furthest 


APPENDIX.  187 

The  road,  having  crossed  the  Isere  at  Le  Fay,  would  pass,  by 
way  of  Ayton,  and  over  the  Arc,  to  Mantala  or  Maltaverne. 
Recrossing  the  Isere  at  Montmelian,  it  would  arrive  at  Lemincum 
(Lemenc).  The  Chartreuse  mountains  were,  in  all  probability, 
traversed  by  the  route  of  the  Mont  du  Chat,  from  whence  the  road 
descended  to  Yenne,  and  went  by  way  of  Aoste  and  Boiu-goin 
to  Vienne. 


Note  B. 
Oil  the  position  of  Ocelum,  and  of  Scingomagus. 

Ocelum  is  mentioned  by  Strabo  (Lib.  iv.  Cap.  i.)  as  being 
situated  at  the  extremity  of  the  Cottian  territory,  at  a  distance 
of  99  miles  from  Embrun,  and  27  from  Scingomagus,  where  Italy 
began. 

Ocelum  is  again  mentioned  by  Strabo  (Lib.  v.  Cap.  i.)  as 
being  reached  from  Placentia  by  a  road  along  the  Po  and  the 
Dora,  the  Dora  Susina  being  here  plainly  meant.  This  road 
is  said  to  be  about  GO  miles  long.  If  reckoned  from  Placentia, 
this  must  be  a  mistake  for  IGO:  if  reckoned  from  the  point, 
where  the  road  would  begin  to  follow  up  the  Po,  (i.  e.  from  near 
the  modern  Casale)  the  distance  would  be  nearly  correct,  if 
Ocelum  lay  not  far  from  Avigiiana.  As  the  road  from  Placentia 
would  skirt  the  river  Po  first,  Ocelum  must  have  lain  by  the 
Dora  Susina.  At  Ocelum,  Strabo  says,  the  Alps  and  Gaul  begin. 
He  had  previously  placed  the  beginning  of  Italy  at  Scingomagus. 
It  was  consequently  the  Alps  which  began  from  Ocelum,  and 
then,  after  the  mountains  had  been  entered  for  some  time,  Gaul 
began  at  Scingomagus.  But  perhaps  Strabo  here  speaks  of  the 
Cottian  territory  as  part  of  Gaul,  in  which  case  it  would  be  cor- 
rect to  say,  that  Gaul  began  from  Ocelum. 

Cajsar  speaks  of  Ocelum  as  the  last  place  in  the  Koman 
province  of  Cisalpine  Gaul. 

It  appears  then,  that  Ocelum  stood  in  the  province  of  Cis- 
alpine Gaul,  on  the  frontier  of  the  Cottian  land,  at  the  foot  of 
the  Alps,  on  the  banks  of  the  Dora  Susina,  and  a  distance  of 
99  miles  from  Embrun. 

Ocelum  is  generally  considered  to  be  identical  with  Usseau 
in  the  \'al  Pragelas.  The  similarity  of  the  name  is  the  only 
reason  for  this  supposition  ^     Usseau  is  about  70  miles  from 


point.'     Owen's  Welsh  Diet.      The  name  of  Le  Fay  niiglu  thus  point  to  the  fact  of 
its  hcin«5  the  limit  of  the  I'rovincia. 

'   Ocelum  was  a  common  name  for  a  Celtic  town.     Besides  tlie  Usscait  mentioned 
in  the  text,  the  towns  and  villages  of  Ossola  and  Usseylio  m  Italy,  Usscl  and   Issoh- 


188  APPENDIX. 

Embrun,  by  the  road  over  the  Mont  Gen^vre  and  the  Col  de 
Sestri^res,  is  not  on  the  banks  of  the  Dora  Susina,  is  not  at 
the  foot  of  the  Alps,  but  far  within  them,  and  could  hardly 
have  stood  on  the  frontier  of  the  Cottian  land,  but  a  long  way 
within  its  borders. 

Avigliana  (Ad  Fines),  according  to  the  Itineraries,  was  94 
miles  from  Embrun,  and  lay  on  the  banks  of  the  Dora,  at  the  foot 
of  the  Alps,  and  on  the  frontier  between  the  Cottian  land  and 
Cisalpine  Gaul.  Ocelum  must  thus  have  been  near  Avigliana,  if 
not  actually  upon  that  spot.  The  modern  Buttigliera  perhaps 
corresponds  most  nearly  in  position  to  the  ancient  Ocelum. 

Scingomagus  lay  27  miles  from  Ocelum,  and  therefore  72  from 
Embrun.  By  the  Itineraries,  Susa  was  70  miles  from  Embrun, 
and,  by  the  Peutingerian  table,  72.  According  to  Strabo,  Italy 
began  at  Scingomagus;  according  to  the  Jerusalem  Itinerary, 
Italy  began  at  Susa.  It  seems  thus  quite  evident,  that  Scingo- 
magus, and  Secusio  or  Susa,  were  the  same  place  ^. 


dun  in  France,  and  Ochiltree  (i.  e.  Uchel-tre, '  the  high-town,'  Chahners'  Caledonia) 
in  Scotland,  all  shew  their  connexion  with  the  old  name.  The  root  of  the  word  is 
found  in  the  Breton  uc^hel  and  the  Welsh  ^l^el,  both  signifying  high,  towns  being 
commonly  built  upon  heights,  as  defensible  positions.  The  proper  meaning  of  Oce- 
lum seems  to  be  a,  fort  or  strong  place.  The  Usseau  of  the  Val  Pragelas  would  pro- 
bably have  been  one  of  those  ocela  but  the  mere  identity  of  name,  when  the  appel- 
lation was  so  common,  is  not  sufficient  to  compensate  the  complete  discrepancy,  in 
point  of  situation,  between  Usseau  and  the  Ocelum  of  Cffisar  and  Strabo. 

'  The  termination  magus  is  not  uncommon.  Caluriges  (now  Chorges)  is  called 
Catorigomagus  in  the  Peutingerian  table.  In  Rotomagus  (Rouen),  Noviomagus 
(Speyer),  and  Borbetomagus  (Worms),  it  also  appears.  This  termination  seems  to  be 
the  Latin  form  of  the  Celtic  magh, '  a  field,'  a  word  apparently  preserved  in  the  names 
of  the  Irish  towns  o(  Omagh  and  Armagh.  (See  Diefenbach's  Cellica,  i.  77,  Art.  105.) 
In  the  first  part  of  the  word  Scingo-magus,  ( SKiyyo/xayos)  the  name  of  the  tribe 
Segusini  or  Seeusini  is  probably  involved. 


rtx 

^. 

0 

< 

o<S 

© 

:5 

^ 

^ 

0/        ?* 

■U 

<y 

^ 

'So    -0 

fl 

< 

S 

f-i 

•-I 

rt 

^ 

12 

0 

? 

^ 

H 

.?    5 


■S     G     fr     5      Z     ^ 


November  1853. 


A  LIST  OF  BOOKS 


PUBLISHED    BY  J.  DEIGHTON, 


CAMBRIDGE, 


AGENT    TO    THE    UNIVERSITY. 


CLASSICS. 


JESCHYLUS—TBAGCEDI^.    Recensult,    cmcndavit,    ex- 

planavit,  et  brevibus  Notis  instruxit  F.  A.  PALEY,  A.M.,  olim  Coll. 
Div.  Johan.  Cant.     2  vols.  8vo.  II.  is. 


Or  Separately/, 


s.  d. 
Orcsteia.     (Apamcmnon, 

Chocphori,  Eumenides)  7  6 

Afjamomnon  (2nd Edit.)...  4  6 

Chocphori  3  6 

Eumenides  {2nd  Edit.)  ...  4  0 


s.d. 

PersoD  3    6 

Prometheus  Vinctus  4    0 

Septcm  contra  Thebas,  et  Frag- 

mcnta    5    6 

Suppliccs  (2nd  Edit.) 4    6 


DISSERTATIONS  on  tlie  EUMENIDES  of  JESGIIYLVS: 

with  Critical  Ilcmarks  and  an  Appendix.    Translated  from  the  German 
of  C.  O.  MiiLLEU.     Second  Edition.  6s.  ChI. 


PASSAGES  in  PROSE  and  VERSE  from  ENGLISH 
AUTIIOllS  for  Translation  into  Greek  and  Latin  ;  together  M-ith  selected 
Passages  from  Greek  and  Latin  Authors  for  Translation  into  English : 
forming  a  regular  course  of  Exercises  in  Classical  Composition.  By 
the  Kov.  11.  ALFOllI),  M.A.,  Vicar  of  Wymeswold,  late  Fellow  of 
Trinity  College,  Cambridge.  8vo.  Gs. 


2  CLASSICS. 

GEMS  of  LATIN  POETRY.     With  Translations,  selected 

and  illustrated  by  A.  AMOS,  Esq.,  Author  of  the  Great  Oyer  of  Poison- 
ing, &c.  &c.  8vo.  12s. 

THE  POLITICS  OF  ARISTOTLE;  with  Notes.     By  R. 

CONGREVE,  M.A.,  Eellow  and  Tutor  of  Wadham  College,  Oxford. 

Preparing. 

ARUNDINES    GAML     Sive    Musaram  Cantabrigiensium 
Lusus  Canori;  coUegit  atque  edidit  H.  DRURY,  A.M.     Editio  quarta. 

8vo.  12s. 


ARISTOTLE.,    a   Life   of:    including    a  Critical   Discussion 

of  some  Questions  of  Literary  History  connected  with  his  Works.  By 
J.  W.  BLAKESLEY,  M.A.,  late  Fellow  and  Tutor  of  Trinity  College, 
Cambridge.  8vo.  Ss.  Gd. 

DEMOSTHENES'  SELECT  PRIVATE  ORATIONS,  after 

the  Text  of  Dindorf,  with  the  yarious  Readings  of  Reiske  and  Bekker. 
With  English  Notes,  by  the  Rev.  C.  T.  PENROSE,  M.A.  For  the  use 
of  Schools.     Second  Edition.  4s. 


DEMOSTHENES   DE   FALSA    LEGATIONE.      By   R. 

SHILLETO,  M.A.,  Trinity  College,  Cambridge,  and  Classical  Lecturer 
at  King's  College.     Second  Edition,  carefully  revised.  Ready, 


DEMOSTHENES,   Translation  of  Select   Speeches  of,  with 
Notes.    By  C.  R,  KENNEDY,  M.A.,  Trinity  College,  Cambridge. 

12mo.  9s. 

TOEPIAHS    KATA    AHMO20ENOTS.     The  Oration  of  Hy- 

perides  against  Demosthenes,  respecting  the  Treasure  of  Harpalus.  The 
Fragments  of  the  Greek  Text,  now  first  Edited  from  the  Facsimile  of 
the  MS.  discovered  at  Egyptian  Thebes  in  1847;  together  with  other 
Fragments  of  the  same  Oration  cited  in  Ancient  Writers.  With  a  Pre- 
liminary Dissertation  and  Notes,  and  a  Facsimile  of  a  portion  of  the  MS. 
By  C.  BABINGTON,   M.A.,  Fellow  of  St.  John's  College,  Cambridge. 

4to.  6s.  Qd. 


CLASSICS. 


'H*AISTmNOS  ErXEIPlAION  HEPI  METPiiN  KAI  nOIIIMATON. 
—The  ENKHEIRimON  of  HEHFAISTIOWN  concerning  METRES 
and  POEMS.  Translated  into  English,  and  illustrated  by  Notes  and 
a  Rythmical  Notation ;  with  Prolegomena  on  Rythm  and  Accent.  By 
T.  F.  BARHAM,  M.B.,  formerly  of  Queens'  College,  Cambridge ;  Mem- 
ber of  the  Royal  College  of  Physicians,  London.  8vo.   85.  Gd. 

VARR0NIANU8.     A  Critical  and  Historical  Introduction  to 

the  Philological  Study  of  the  Latin  Language.  By  the  Rev.  J.  W. 
DONALDSON,  D.D.,  Head-Master  of  Bury  School,  and  formerly 
Fellow  of  Trinity  College,  Cambridge.  Second  Edition,  considerably 
enlarged.  Svo.   1 4s, 

EURIPIDI8   ALCE8TI8.     Ad    fidem    Manuscriptomm    ac 

veterum  editionum  emendavit  et  Annotationibus  instruxit  J.  H.  MONK, 
S.T.P.,  Graecarum  Literarum  apud  Cantabrigienses  olim  Professor  Regius. 
Editio  Septima.  Svo.  4s.  &d. 

EURIPIDI8    HIPP0LYTU8    CORONIFER.      Ad    fidem 

Manuscriptorum  ac  veterum  editionum  emenda\4t  et  Annotationibus 
instruxit  J.  H.  MONK,  S.T.P.,  Gra;carum  Literarum  apud  Cantabri- 
gienses olim  Professor  Regius.     Editio  Quinta,  recensita  et  emendata. 

Svo.  5s. 

EURIPIDI8  TRAG(EDIjE  Priores  Quatuor,   ad  fidem  Ma- 

uuscriptorum  emendata)  et  brevibus  Notis  emendationum  potissimum 
rationes  rcddentibus  instructs.  Edidit  R.  PORSON,  A.M.,  &c.,  re- 
ccnsuit  suasquc  notulas  subjecit  J.  SCHOLEFIELD.     Editio  Tertia. 

Svo.  10s.  6d. 

FOLIORUM  SILVULA:  a  Selection  of  Passages  for  Trans- 

lation  into  Greek  and  Latin  Verse,  mainly  from  the  University  and 
College  Examination  Papers ;  Edited  by  II.  A.  IIOLDEN,  M.A.,  Vice- 
Principal  of  Cheltenham  College,  Fellow  and  late  Assistant  Tutor  of 
Trinity  College,  Cambridge.  Post  Svo.  7s. 

By  the  same. 

FOLIORUM  GENTURLE.  Selections  for  Translation  into 
Latin  and  Greek  Prose,  chiefly  from  the  University  and  College  Ex- 
amination Papers.  I'ost  Svo.  T». 


4  CLASSICS. 

GREEK    TRAGIC    SENARII,    Progressive    Exercises    in, 

followed  by  a  Selection  from  the  Greek  Verses  of  Shre-wsbiuy  School, 
and  prefaced  by  a  short  Account  of  the  Iambic  Ikletre  and  Style  of 
Greek  Tragedy.  By  the  Rev.  B.  H.  KENNEDY,  D.D.,  Prebendary 
of  Lichfield,  and  Head-Master  of  Shre-wsbury  School.  For  the  use  of 
Schools  and  Private  Students.     Second  Edition,  altered  and  revised. 

8vo.  8s. 

TITUS  LIVIUS,  with  English  Notes,  Marginal  Eeferences, 
and  various  Readings.  By  C.  W.  STOCKER,  D.D,,  late  FeUow  of 
St.  John's  College,  Oxford.     Vols.  I.  and  II.,  in  4  Parts,  125.  each. 


PHILOLOGICAL  MUSEUM. 

2  vols.  8vo.  reduced  to  12s. 


SCHLEIERMA CHER'S    INTRODUCTIONS    TO     THE 

DIALOGUES  OF  PLATO.  Translated  from  the  German  by  W. 
DOBSON,  A.M.,  FeUow  of  Trinity  CoUege,  Cambridge.       Svo.  Us.  6d. 

M.  A.  PLAUTI  AULULARIA.    Ad  Mem  Codicmn  qui  in 

Bibliotheca  Musei  Britamiici  esstant  aliorumque  nonnuUorum  recensuit, 
Notisque  et  Glossario  locuplete  uistruxit  J.  HILDYARD,  A.M.,  CoU. 
Christi  apud  Cantab.  Socius.     Editio  altera.  Svo.  7s.  Qd. 

M.  A.  PLAUTI  MENuECHMEL     Ad  fidem  Codicmn  qui  in 

Bibliotheca  Musei  Britamiici  exstant  aliorumque  nonnullorum  recensuit, 
Notisque  et  Glossario  locuplete  instruxit,  J.  HILDYARD,  A.M.,  etc. 
Editio  altera.  Svo.  7s.  Qd. 

PROPERTIUS.  With  EngUsh  Notes ;  a  Preface  on  the  State 
of  Latin  Scholarship  ;  and  copious  Indices.  By  F.  A.  PALEY,  Editor 
of  ^schylus.  Svo.  10s.  Gd. 


SOPHOCLES.  With  Notes  Critical  and  Explanatory,  adapted 
to  the  use  of  Schools  and  Universities.  By  T.  MITCHELL,  A.M.,  late 
Fellow  of  Sidney  Sussex  College,  Cambridge.     2  vols.  Svo.  1/.  8s. 

Or  the  riays  separately,  5s.  each. 


CLASSICS.  5 

CORNELII  TAGITI   OPERA.     Ad   Codices   antiquissimos 

exacta  et  emendata,  Commentario  critico  et  exegetico  illustrata.     Edidit 
F.  HITTER,  Prof.  Bonnensis.     4  toIs.  8vo.  1^.  8s. 

A  few  copies  printed  on  thick  Vellum  paper,   imp.  Svo.  U.  4s. 


The  THEATRE  of  the  GREEKS.  A  series  of  Papers  re- 
lating to  the  History  and  Criticism  of  the  Greek  Drama.  With  a  new 
Introduction  and  other  alterations.  By  J.  W.  DONALDSON,  D.D., 
Head-Master  of  Bury  St.  Edmund's  Grammar  School.     Sixth  Edition. 

Svo.  15s, 


THEOCRITUS.     Codicmn  Manuscrlptorum  ope  recensiilt  et 

emendavit  C.  WORDSWORTH,  S.T.P.,  Scholse  Harroviensis  Magister, 
nuper  Coll.  SS.  Trm.  Cant.  Socius  et  Acadeniia;  Orator  Publicus. 

Svo.  13s.  Qd. 

A  few  copies  on  large  paper.     4to.  U.  10s. 


THUGYDIDES.     The   History   of  the  Peloponnesian  War: 

illustrated  by  Maps  taken  entirely  from  actual  Surveys.  With  Notes, 
chiefly  Historical  and  Geographical.  By  T.  ARNOLD,  D.D.  Third 
Edition.     3  vols.  Svo.  \l.  10s. 


THUGYDIDES.     The  History   of  the  Peloponnesian   War: 

the  Text  of  ARNOLD,  Avith  his  Argument.  The  Indexes  now  first 
adapted  to  his  Sections,  and  the  Greek  Index  greatly  enlarged.  By 
the  Rev.  R.  P.  G.  TIDDEMAN,  M.A.,  of  Magdalene  College,  Oxford. 

Svo.  12s. 

SKETGII  of    the    RISE   and   PROGRESS   of    ROMAN 

LITERATURE.  Chiefly  from  the  Works  of  Biihr  and  Bemhaidi. 
By  W.  HAIG  BROWN,  M.A.,  FeUow  and  Tutor  of  Pembroke  College, 
Cambridge.  Preparitig. 

PRJELECTIO  IN  PL  A  TONEM.     Ilablta  In  Scholis  Puhllcis 

CnntiibrigiuiiHibus  vii  kal  Mai.  A.n.  MDCCHJLIIL  Auctore  (JULIHLMO 
HErWOllTIl  THOMPSON,  M.A.,  Coll.  SS.  Trin.  Socio,  Gru-r.  Litt. 
I'rof.  Reg.  I'n'iHiriny . 


MISCELLANEOUS    WORKS. 


PICTORIAL  ILLUSTRATIONS  of  the  CATALOGUE  of 

MANUSCRIPTS  in  GonvUle  and  Caius  CoUege  Library.  Selected  by 
the  Editor  of  that  Work,  Being  Fac- Similes  of  Illumination,  Text,  and 
Autograph,  done  in  Lithograph,  4to.  size,  to  be  accompanied  with  two  or 
three  sheets  of  Letterpress  Description  in  8vo.,  as  Companion  to  the 
published  Catalogue.     Price  £1.  4s. 

A  few  copies  may  be  had,  of  which  the  colouring  of  the  Plates  is  more 
highly  finished;     Price  1^.  10s. 

TWO    Introductory    LECTURES    upon    ARCH^OLOGY^ 

delivered  in  the  University  of  Cambridge.  By  the  Rev.  J.  H.  MARSDEN, 
B.D.,  Disney  Professor  of  Archseology.  8vo.  cloth,  2s.  Qd, 

LECTURES  on  the  HISTORY  of  MORAL  PHILOSOPHY 

in  England.  By  W.  'VVHEWELL,  D.D.,  Master  of  Trinity  College, 
Cambridge.  8vo.  8s. 

The  HISTORY  of  the  JEWS  in   SPAIN,    from  the   time 

of  their  Settlement  in  that  country  till  the  Commencement  of  the 
present  Century.  Written,  and  Ulustrated  with  divers  extremely  scarce 
Documents,  by  DON  ADOLPHO  DE  CASTRO.     Cadiz,  1847. 

Translated  by  the  Rev.  Edwakd  D.  G.  M.  Kirwan,  M.A.,  Fellow  of 
King's  College,  Cambridge.  Crown  8vo.  6«. 

HISTORY  of  ROME.    By  T.  Arnold,  D.D.,  late  Regius 

Professor  of  Modern  History  in  the  University  of  Oxford.  3  vols.  8vo. 
Vol.  I.,  I6s.;   Vol.  II.,  18s.;   Vol.  III.,  14s. 


MISCELLANEOUS    WORKS.  7 

HISTORY  of  the  LATE  ROMAN  COMMONWEALTH, 

from  the  end  of  the  Second  Punic  War,  to  the  Death  of  Julius  Csesar, 
and  of  the  Reign  of  Augustus  ;  with  a  Life  of  Trajan.  By  T.  ARNOLD, 
D.D.,  &c.     2  vols.  8vo.  \l.  8«. 

CAMBRIDGE   UNIVERSITY  CALENDAR  for  1853. 

Continued  Annvally. 

CAMBRIDGE   UNIVERSITY  ALMANAC  for  the   Year 

1853.  Embellished  with  a  Line  Engraving,  by  Mr,  E.  CHALLIS,  of  a 
View  of  Cambridge  from  the  Castle-Hill,  from  a  Drawing  by  B.  RUDGE. 
(^Continued  Annually.)  4s.  6d. 

GRADUATI  CANTABRIGIENSES:  sive  Catalogus  eorum 

quos  ab  anno  1760  usque  ad  lO"  Octr.  1846,  Gradu  quocunque  omavit 
Academia.  Curd  J.  ROMILLY,  A.M.,  Coll.  Trin.  Socii  atque  Academise 
Registrarii.  8vo.  10s. 

THE  BRITISH  PALEOZOIC  ROCKS  AND  FOSSILS. 

By  Prof.  SEDGWICK,  and  Prof.  M'COY.'  Royal  4to. 

Part  II.  Description  of  the  British  Palceozoic  Fossils  added  by 
Professor  Sedgwick  to  the  Woodwardian  Collection  of  the  University 
of  Cambridge ;  with  Figures  of  the  new  and  imperfectly  known  Species. 
By  F.  M'COY,  Professor  of  Geology  and  Mineralogy,  Queen's  College, 
Belfast. 

\st  Fasciculus,  (Radiata  and  Articulata).  16s. 

2nd  Fasciculus,   (Lower  and  Middle  Palaeozoic  Mollusca).  10s. 

Zrd  Fasciculus,  completing  the  Palaeontology.  In  the  Press. 

MAKAMAT;  or  Ehctorlcal  Anecdotes  of  Hariri  of  Basra, 
translated  from  the  Arabic  into  English  Prose  and  Yersc,  and  illustrated 
with  Annotations.  By  THEODORE  PRESTON,  M.A.,  Fellow  of 
Trinity  College,  Cambridge.  Royal  8vo.  18s.;  large  paper,  1/.  4s. 

ARCHITECTURAL  NOTES  on  GERMAN  CHURCHES; 

with  Notes  written  during  an  Arcliitcctural  Tour  in  Picardy  and  Nor- 
mandy. By  W.  WIIEWELL,  D.D.,  Master  of  Trinity  College,  Cam- 
bridge. Third  Edition.  To  which  is  added.  Translation  of  Notes  on 
Churches  of  the  Rhine,  by  M.  F.  Dc  LASSAULX,  Architectural  In- 
spector to  the  King  of  Prussia.     Plates.  8vo.  12s. 


8  MISCELLANEOUS    WORKS. 

REMARKS   on  the    ARCHITECTURE   of  the    MIDDLE 

AGES,   especially  m  Italy.     By  R.  WILLIS,   M.A,,   Jacksonian  Pro- 
fessor of  the  University  of  Cambridge.     Plates,  large  paper. 

Royal  8vo.  U.  Is. 


Quarto  Series. 
No.  I.  A  Catalogue  of  the  Original  Library  of  St.  Catharine's  Hall, 
M.cccc.Lxxv.  By  the  Rev.  Professor  Corrie,  B.D.  Is.  Qd. — No.  II. 
Abbreviata  Cronica.  By  the  Rev.  J.  J.  Smith,  M.A.  2s.  &d. — No.  III. 
An  Account  of  the  Consecration  of  Archbishop  Parker.  By  the  Rev. 
J.  Goodwin,  B.D.  3s.  &d. — Nos.  IV.  and  V.  An  application  of  He- 
raldry to  the  illustration  of  University  and  Collegiate  Antiquities.  By 
H.  A.  WooDHAM,  M.A.  5s.;  4s.  6c?.— Nos.  VI.  and  VIII.  A  Catalogue 
of  Manuscripts  and  Scarce  Books  in  St.  John's  College  Library.  By 
the  Rev.  M.  Cowie,  M.A.  4s.  Qd. — No.  VII.  A  Description  of  the 
Sextry  Bam  at  Ely,  lately  demolished.  By  the  Rev.  Professor  Willis, 
M.A.  3s. — No.  IX.  Architectural  Nomenclature  of  the  Middle  Ages. 
By  the  Rev.  Professor  Willis,  M.A.  (Owi  of  print.) — No.  X.  Roman 
and  Roman-British  Remains  at  and  near  Shefford,  Bedfordshire.  By 
Sir  Henrt  Drvden,  Bart.,  M.A.  6s.  6f?. — No.  XI.  Specimens  of  College 
Plate.  By  the  Rev,  J.  J.  Smith,  M.A.  15s.— No.  XII.  Roman-British 
Remains.  On  the  Materials  of  two  Sepulchral  Urns.  By  the  Rev. 
Professor  Henslow,  M.A.  4s. — No.  XIII.  Evangelia  Augustini  Gre- 
goriana.  By  the  Rev.  J.  Goodwin,  B.D.  £1. — No.  XIV.  Miscellaneous 
Communications.  Bj"^  Messrs.  A.  W.  Franks,  C.  W.  Goodwin,  and 
J.  O.  Halliwell.  Ids. — No.  XV.  An  Historical  Inquiry  touching  St. 
Catherine  of  Alexandria,  illustrated  by  a  semi-Saxon  Legend.  By  the 
Rev.  C.  Hardwick,  M.A.     12s. 

Octavo   Series. 

No.  I.  Anglo-Saxon  Legends  of  St.  Andrew  and  St.  Veronica.  By  C.  W. 
Goodwin,  M.A.  2s.  &d. — No.  II.  Greco -Egyptian  Fragment  on  Magic. 
By  C.  W.  Goodwin,  M.A.  3s.  &d. — No.  III.  Ancient  Cambridgeshire. 
By  C.  C.  Babinoton,  M.A.,  F.R.S.  3s.  Qd. 


Report ;  and  Communications,  No.  I.    Is. — Ditto,  No.  II.    Is. 
Index  to  Baker's  Manuscripts.     7s.  &d. 


New  Works  and  New  Editions 


By  the  Rev.  H.  GOODWIN.  M.A., 

Late  Fellow  of  Gonville  and  Caius  College,  and  Minister  of  St.  Hdtcnrd's,  Cambridge. 

An  ELEMENTAL  Y  CO  UBSE  of  MA  THEMA  TICS, 

designed  principally  for  Students  of  the  University  of  Cam- 
bridge.    Fourth  Edition.  8vo.  15s. 
*,*  This  Edition  contains  100  pages  of  additional  matter,  and  the  price 
has  been  reduced  from  18«.  to  \os. 

A  COLLECTION  of  PROBLEMS  and  EXAMPLES, 

adapted  to  the  "  Elementary  Course  of  Mathematics."  With  an 
Appendix,  containing  the  Questions  proposed  during  the  first 
Three  Days  of  the  Senate  House  Examinations  in  the  Years 
1848,  1849,  1850,  and  1851.     Second  Edition.  8vo.  6s. 

ASTRONOMY,    Elementai-y    Chapters    in,    from   the 

"Astronomic  Physique"  of  Biot.  8vo.   3s.  6rf. 

PARISH  SERMONS.     First  and  Second  Series. 

12mo.  6s.  each. 

SHORT  SERMONS  at  the  Celcbratk.n  of  the  LorcVs 

Supper.  12mo.  4s. 


SOLUTIONS  of  GOODWINS  Collect  ion  of  PRO  B- 

LEMS  and  EXAMPLES.     By  the  Rev.  W.  W.  HUTT,  M.A., 

Fellow  and  Sadlerian  Lecturer  of  Gonville  and  Caius  College. 

8vo.  8s. 


The  GREEK  TESTAMENT:   Avith  a  Critically  Ke- 

vised  Text ;  a  Digest  of  various  Readings  ;  Marginal  References 
to  Verbal  and  Idiomatic  Usage  ;  Prolegomena  ;  and  a  Critical 
and  Exegetical  Commentary.  For  the  use  of  Theological 
Students  and  Ministers.  By  H.  ALFORD,  M.A.,  Vicar  of 
Wymeswold,  Leicestershire,  and  hxte  Fellow  of  Trinity  Col- 
lege, Cambridge.     In  3  vols. 

Vol.  I.    Containing  the  Four  Gospels,   £1.  4s. 

Vol.  11.  (Containing  the  Acts  of  the  Apostles,  the  Epistles 
to  the  Romans  and  Corinthians,  £1.  4s. 

Vol.  III.    Preparing. 


Published  by  J.  Deighton,  Cambridge. 


^SCHYLUS-T 

explana^i " 
olim  Col 


Oresteia 

Choeph 
Agamemi 
Choephor 
Eumenidt 


PROPER 

the  Sta1 
F.  A.  I 

CORNEl 

quissimi 
illustrat 

A  few 

DEMOS 

the  TcxI 
Uekkki 
M.A. 

DEMOS 

By  R. 

Classic] 
revised 

lA/i'h'O 

(luctioi 


PC 


M 


CO 

CO 


O 

H 

u 
o 

3 


0) 


-p 

o 
<D 

TO 
(0 

kJ 

(X 


UNIVERSITY  OF  TORONTO 
LIBRARY 


Acme   Library   Card   Pocket 

Under  I'at.  "  Kef.  Index  File." 
Made  by  LIBRARY  BUREAU 


the  Rr 

School,    .'III'!    f'onii:  rly    Fellow   oi     i  iiiiiiv    <  nih 

Sceoml  I'ltlition,  cniisidi-i.-ililv  cularijcd. 


.svo.   1  1j 


mmm 


m 


^'  /■  ;<^ 

im 


m 

Ijw'v^ 

'  ^  y  r  ^^■ ' 

.'« v> 

'^i^f^H 

<■' .-  >  ■ 

'  '■/, '  I  - 

'M^ 

'M 

^1 

■>,•<>' 


