Google 



This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project 

to make the world's books discoverable online. 

It has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain. A public domain book is one that was never subject 

to copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books 

are our gateways to the past, representing a wealth of history, culture and knowledge that's often difficult to discover. 

Marks, notations and other maiginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book's long journey from the 

publisher to a library and finally to you. 

Usage guidelines 

Google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the 
public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order to keep providing tliis resource, we liave taken steps to 
prevent abuse by commercial parties, including placing technical restrictions on automated querying. 
We also ask that you: 

+ Make non-commercial use of the files We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals, and we request that you use these files for 
personal, non-commercial purposes. 

+ Refrain fivm automated querying Do not send automated queries of any sort to Google's system: If you are conducting research on machine 
translation, optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful, please contact us. We encourage the 
use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help. 

+ Maintain attributionTht GoogXt "watermark" you see on each file is essential for in forming people about this project and helping them find 
additional materials through Google Book Search. Please do not remove it. 

+ Keep it legal Whatever your use, remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just 
because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in other 
countries. Whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country, and we can't offer guidance on whether any specific use of 
any specific book is allowed. Please do not assume that a book's appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner 
anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liabili^ can be quite severe. 

About Google Book Search 

Google's mission is to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful. Google Book Search helps readers 
discover the world's books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences. You can search through the full text of this book on the web 

at |http: //books .google .com/I 



. \AJlp 



■J. 



I ■■ immmm^Kf^mmfmrn^^^^ 



1 . 



/ , 



Hj 



DISSERTATION, 



(See. 6;c. 



fir ^ 



U " 



,_ ^ 



LONDON : 

SHAOKELL AND BAYLIS^ JOHN8ON's-0OURT> FLEET-STREET. 



1 



4»^ 



/ r 



7 



A 



DISSERTATION 



ON THE / 



PASSAGE OF HANNIBAL 



OVER THE ALPS. 



BT 

HENRY L. WICKHAM, A.M. 

AND 



THE REV. J. A. CRAMER, A. M. 

LATE STUDENTS OF CHRIST CHUBCH> 
OXFORD. 



r 



yvua-tu^ tvfxcc k»\ Gfotf, Polyb. L 3. c. 8. 



SECOND EDITION. 






LONDON: 

PRIMTBDFOR 

G. B. WHITTAKER, AVE MARIA LANE. 



1828. 



U ',1 ■ r- / 



r 



^ . » V »— 






' . a^ * 



'' * '• I 



'-/ 



\ 



\ 

V 



A 



f^ 



r 






1 






TO THE 



RIGHT HONOURABLE WILLIAM WYNDHAM, 

LORD GRENVILLE, 

CHANCELLOR OF THE UNIVERSITY OF OXFORD, 

4*c. <S'c. <S'c. 



THIS WORK IS INSCRIBED, 

A8 A TESTIMONY OF THEIR RESPECTFUL ADMIRATION 

OF HIS TALENTS AS A STATESMAN, 

AND OF 
HIS ACCOMPLISHMENTS AS A SCHOLAR, 

BY HIS MOST OBLIGED 

AND FAITHFUL SERVANTS, 

THE AUTHORS. 



.;:J 



r 



fy. 



r 

1 



r 



ADVERTISEMENT 



TO THE 



SECOND EDITION. 



The first edition of this Work having been 
more favourably received than, from the nature of 
the subject, we had a right to expect, we have 
been called upon for a second, to which we have 
thought it proper to put our names, as many of the 
&cts stated in the body of the work might not 
be received by the reader upon anonymous autho- 
rity* A few additions and corrections will be found, 
but no material change has been made, as a second 
examination of the ground in question, and of other 
points connected with it, has only served to con- 
vince us of the accuracy of our first statement, and 



VUl ADVERTISEMENT TO 

of the correctness of our general conclusions. The 
only work of importance which has appeared since 
the publication of our first edition, is that of M. La- 
rauza, who states the passage to have been effected 
by the Mont Cenis ; and we have thought it right 
to dedicate some pages to a reply to that gentle- 
man. M. De Luc has also published a second 
edition of his work, in which he has done us the 
honour to adopt our opinions upon almost all the 
points in which we had materially differed from 
him. 

We have been further confirmed in our theory 
by a very able article on the subject, which ap- 
peared in the Edinburgh Review for November, 
1825. 

In order to l^ve no part of the Alps unexa- 
inined, we went, in the year 1821, from Gretioble 
to Gap, smd Barcelopette, and into Italy by the 
Col de L*Ar^e^tiere, returning, by Coni and Sar 
luzzo, ova: the Col de Viso, to Mont Dauphin* 
and again to Gap and Grenoble. Two years after- 
wards, we re-examined the Little St. Bernard, and 
the Mont du Chat ; and ance that time we have 
visited the different passages of Les Echdles, 
A^ebellette, and the Mont de UEpine, Since 



r 



r 



THE SECOND EDITION. IX 

the publication of M. Larauza's work, we have 
traversed the Mont Cenis, for the purpose of ana- 
lyzing his statements, which we found in many 
respects inaccurate ; so that (having previously vi- 
sited the Great St. Bernard) we have left no 
ground unexplored, and as it is only by personal 
examination that it is possible to form a correct 
opinion upon this subject, we feel ourselves jus- 
tified in adhering confidently to ours. The very 
few weak points of our theory have been discussed, 
as we trust, fairly, and, we think, fairly answered ; 
but even if unanswerable, they are so much 
less numerous than those pointed out in the sys- 
tems of our opponents, that we might ahnost 
venture to claim a superiority on this ground 

alone. 

The publication of M. Raymond's large Map of 
the Alps, which has taken place since our first 
edition, has given abundant facilities to the investi- 
gation of this question, as its general accuracy, and 
the scale on which it is laid down, wiU give the per- 
sons who consult it every advantage short of an 
actual view of the ground, while this latter ad- 
vantage is now, in a great measure, supplied by 
Mr. Brockedon's very beautiful work on the Passes 



X ADVERTISEMENT TO SECOND EDITION, 

of the Alps, to which we have alluded in the body 
of the work. With all these advantages, however, 
we should still recommend a personal examination, 
especially as it is now rendered much easier in 
every respect than when we first undertook the 
journey. 



June, 1828. 



I. 



H 



r 



T 



PREFACE 



TO THE 



FIRST EDITION. 



The wonderful undertaking which it is the 
purpose of the Mowing pages to mvestigate 
would naturally have attracted great attention, if 
considered only with reference to its general con- 
sequences, and to its .particular eflFects on the 
great contest carried on between Rome and Car- 
thage ; for this march, which carried the war 
from a distant province to the very gates of the 
former, totally changed the character of the 
struggle, and compelled the Romans to fight for 
existence instead of territory, 
i These events, however, are not the only causes 

which have thrown so much interest on the pas- 
sage of the Alps by Hannibal ; for the doubt and 



XU PREFACE TO FIRST EDITION. 

uncertainty which have existed, even from very 
remote times, as to the road by which the passage 
was effected; the numerous and distinguished 
writers who have declared themselves on different 
sides of the question ; the variation between the 
two great historians of the transactions of those 
times, Polybius and Livy ; all these things united, 
have involved the subject in difficulties which have 
increased its importance, and which have long 
exercised many able writers in vain attempts to 
elucidate them. 

The relation of Polybius, who lived very soon 
after the transactions which he describes, and who 
had himself examined the country for the purpose 
of writing his history, would naturaUy appear the 
most authentic, on account of its early date, as 
well as of the internal , evidmce which it bearjs of 
truth. Unfortunately Polybius was writing to 
Greeks, and was therefore^ 28 he himself teUs 
them, not anxious to introduce into his narrative 
names of places and of countries in whiph they 
were little interested, and which, if inserted, 
would rather have injured than assisted the unity 
of his story. In consequence of this, although 
he has been remarkably careful in giving us the 
distances performed by the Carthaginian army in 



\ 



I 



\ 



} 



t 



I 



PREFACE TO FIRST EDITION. Xlll 

their march from the Pyrenees to the plains of 
Italy, as well as the time in which they were com- 
pleted, he has been generally sparing of his proper 
names, and he has not positively stated in terms 
the name of that passage of the Alps through 
which Hannibal marched. 

Now though the distances (which are positive) 
and the general description of the coimtry, and 
the names of the nations (when these latter are 
mentioned) which the army passed through, 
afford, as we trust we shall shew, suflScient data to 
prove beyond all doubt that Hannibal passed by 
the Alpis Oraiaf or Little St. Bernard,* yet as 
this is not expressly stated, Livy, who without 
acknowledgment has borrowed the greater part of 
his own narrative from Polybius, has asserted that 
he went oVer the ^Ipis Cottiay or Mont Genevre ; 

^ The Alpis Oraia> ot Litde St. Bernard^ forms the com- 
munication between the valley of the Isere and that of Aosta. 
It is situated a little to the south of the Mont Blanc^ and is the 
most northerly of the passages of. that division of the Alps 
which runs from north to south. The Alpis Gotda or Mont 
Genevre j^ is situated to the south of the Mont Cenis and to the 
north of the Mont Viso^ and forms the communication between 
Brian^on and Grenoble^ and the valley of Susa, which leads 
down to Turin. As there are no post roads over either of these 
two passes^ they are but little frequented in comparison with the 
Mont Cenis and the Simplon. 



XIV PREFACE TO FIRST EDITION. 

and as Livy is much more read than Polybius, his 
account has obtained much more credit than it 
deserves, and has been considered as almost 
decisive of the question. It has been particularly 
adopted by almost all the French Mrriters upon the 
subject, and though they differ from each other as 
to the road which the army took to arrive at the 
passage, and further, although the account itself is 
absolutely inconsistent in many parts, yet the 
authority of so great a name has almost set criti- 
cism at defiance, and his commentators have 
endeavoured to reconcile his contradictions as well 
as they were able. It was evident, however, to 
those who were in the habit of looking a little 
deeper than the surface, that Livy's account, 
which, even when taken by itself, was far from 
satisfiictory, was, when compared with that of 
Polybius, with which it had been generally sup- 
posed to agree, very different in its conclusion ; 
and this variation between them was so decided, 
that it was quite impossible that both could be 
right. Gibbon was so much struck with this 
variation, as well as with the respective characters 
of the two authors as historians, that he would 
have given up Livy at once, had he not been 
unable, from his ignorance of the passage alluded 



PREFACE TO FIRST EDITION. XV 

to by Polybius, to decide the question in favour of 
the latter. The opinion of Gibbon appears also to 
have been very much influenced by that of D*An- 
ville, an authority to be respected above all others 
for wonderful accuracy and depth of research in 
matters relating to ancient topography. 

D'Anville, however, is guided in his opinion by 
the idea that the guides of Hannibal were Taurini, 
a mistake which is the more extraordinary, as 
Livy himself states them to be Boii.* Mr. Holds- 
worth, who had devoted much of his time* and 
attention to subjects of this nature, t appears to have 
detected Livy's inconsistencies as well as Gibbon, 
and to have been of opinion that the army crossed 
the Alps to the north of the Mont Genevre ; but 
as he was, as well as Gibbon, unacquainted with 
the passage of the Little St. Bernard, he was unable 
to fix upon the exact spot. 

It is to General Melville that the literary world 
has been indebted, in later times, for the sugges- 
tion of this latter pass, and it is by this suggestion 
that a question so long doubtful has received a 
most satisfactory explanation. This gentleman on 

* Livy, lib. xxi. c. 29. 

f Vide Spence's Anecdotes of Men and Books. 



XVI PREFACE TO FIRST EDITION. 

his return from the West- Indies, where he had held 
a high military command, turned his whole attention 
to the investigation of the military antiquities of the 
Romans, and for this purpose spent some years in 
travelling over France, Italy, and Germany, and ex- 
amined with great attention the countries which had 
been the scenes of the most celebrated battles and 
events recorded in Roman history. From his 
thorough knowledge of Polybius, he was early 
struck with the great authority that his narrative 
carried with it, and he determined, if possible, to 
set at rest the much agitated question of the pas- 
sage of the Alps by Hannibal. As he perceived 
that no perusal of the historian, however close and 
attentive, no critical sagacity or discernment, could 
alone enable him to arrive at the truth, unless he 
verified the observations of his author on the same 
ground, and compared his descriptions with the 
same scenes, as those which that author had him- 
self visited and examined, the General surveyed 
attentively all the known passages of the Alps, and 
more particularly those which were best known to 
the ancients. 

The result of all these observations was a firm 
conviction, that the passage of the Little St. Ber- 
nard was that by which Hannibal had crossed over 



- — r^- 



PREFACE TO FIRST EDITION. XVU 

into Italy, both as being most probable in itsdi^ 
and also as agrieeing beyond all comparisoti more 
closely than any other with the description given 
by Polybius. The aiguments and the evidence 
which will be brought forward in the following 
pages are directed to the confirmation of this 
i^inion, and if they should appear satisfactory, the 
General must be looked upon as the first who has 
solved this proWem in history. It is not indeed 
meant that he was absolutely the first who made 
the Carthaginian army penetrate by that pass into 
Italy, since the oldest authority on this point, that 
of Cadius Antipater,* as we are prepared to shew, 
represents it as having taken that route ; but it is 
affirmed that he was the first to revive an opinion 
concerning that passage, which, although existing 
in full force in the traditions of the country itself^ 
appears to have been long laid aside as forgotten, 
and to have rested that opinion on arguments the 
most solid and plausible.t 

Greneral Melville never published any account 

* Vid. cbop. i. post 

t Some account of the General's life and discoveries will be 
found in the preface to the work of M. De Luc^ who quotes 
from the Monthly Repository of English Literature for Oc- 
tober, 1812. 

b 



XVm PREFACE TO FIRST EDITION. 

of his observations, and they would most probably 
have been lost to the world, had he not foiind 
in M. De Luc, of Geneva, nephew of the late 
distinguished philosopher of that name, a person 
eminently qualified to undertake the task which 
he himself declined, and even materially to im- 
prove upon his labours. The very able and learned 
work which that gentleman published at Geneva in 
1818, entitled Histoire du Passage des Alpes pair 
Annihalj* contains a very full and clear report of 
the observations of General Melville, supported by 
arguments and by evidence entirely original, and 
which must be admitted by every candid and judi- 
cious inquirer to be clear and conclusive. Had 
M. De Luc himself been enabled to follow the 
route which he describes, and to verify on the 
spot the whole of General Melville's observations 
with his own eyes, and with the same discernment 
with which he has actually examined a part of 
them, it would undoubtedly have been beyond the 
power of any writer, however able, to add to or to 
perfect his work ; but though various circum- 
stances have prevented him from accomplishing 
this most desirable object, it is wonderful with 

* M. De Luc published^ in 1825, a second edition of his 
work, considerably augmented. 



PREFACE TO FIRST EDITION. XIX 

how much clearness he has embodied the Ge- 
neral'i* remarks, and how well he has described a 
line of country with which he was not himself 
personally acquainted. 

For clearness of description and for acuteness of 
argument, M. De Luc*s work cannot be suflSciently 
praised; and it was our intention, after we had 
read it, to employ ourselves in a translation of it. 
But for the purpose of enabling ourselves to verify 
his remarks, we determined to Undertake a journey 
along the whole road pointed out by M. De Luc, 
from the first ascent of the Alps to the termina- 
tion of the march in the plains of Italy. This 
journey was performed in the autumn of the year 

1819. 

We descended the Rhone from Lyons to Vienne, 
and from thence struck off, by the old Roman road, 
across Dauphiny, till we reached the Mont du Chat; 
crossing that mountain, we descended upon Cham- 
bery and Montmeillan, and from thence went up 
the valley of the Isere to Scez, at the foot of the 
Little St. Bernard. We crossed this mountain, 
and came through the valley of Aosta to Ivrea, 
and finally to Turin, by the capture of which 
town Hannibal's passage of the Alps may be said 
to be finally temiinated. The whole of the country 



XX PREFACE TO FIRST EDITION. 

through which we passed was beautiful, and wiU 
amply repay, by its scenery alone, the trouble of 
visiting it. The valleys of the Isere and of Aosta 
are extremely rich and populous, and cultivation is 
pushed almost to the very summit of the Alps. 

We carried with us Polybius as well as the 
work of M. De Luc, and we were as fully satisfied of 
the general accuracy of the latter as we were of 
our being in the exact road pointed out by the 
former. Still, however, much new light was 
thrown upon the subject in consequence of a per- 
sonal examination, and much new information was 
obtained. As also there are a few points in which we 
differ from M. De Luc, we have thought it, upon 
die whole, more advisable to publish the result of 
our observations in an original form, than to persist 
in our first resolution of merely translating the 
work of that gentleman. 

We beg leave, at the same time, to disclaim all the 
merit of originality upon this question ; and we feel 
so much indebted to M. De Luc for the greater 
part of the remarks contained in this work, that we 
shall be amply satisfied if we should be allowe^l the 
praise of an impartial examination of the ground 
with Polybius in our hands, togeth^ with a most 
earnest desire to arrive at the truth. 



PREFACE TO FIRST EDITION. XXI 

It may seem extraordinary that the passage over 
the Little St. Bernard should have so entirely escaped 
the observation of all modem writers upon this sub- 
ject ; but the almost total disuse into which it 
had fallen, in consequence of the establishment 
of the road by the Echelles. which was constructed 
in 1670, and of that by the Mont Cenis, which 
now forms the great passage into Italy on that side, 
will suflSciently account for this circumstance. At 
present, however, notwithstandmg this disuse, there 
is a considerable intercourse between the vailies of 
Aosta and of the Isere, and the road along the 
latter is excellent as far as Scez. 

The Tarantaise, into which you enter at Conflans, 
is a very populous country, and the inhabitants are 
remarkable for a spirit of independence, which 
makes them avoid much communication with their 
more civilized neighbours ; though they are among 
themselves extremely hospitable and kind. The 
road over the St. Bernard itself, is at present im- 
passable for carriages as far as La Tuille, but from 
thence to Aosta it is very tolerable, and from that 
town to Ivrea and Turin it is excellent.* We passed 

* These roads have been much improved smce 1819. 



XXll PREFACE TO FIRST EDITION. 

through some very fine country m Dauphmy, and 
Vienne, the town from which we first set out, 
abounds in Roman remains. The Roman road 
from Vienne to Ivrea appears to have been carried 
in ahnost the exact track of the modem one. We 
employed eight days in going from Vienne to 
Turin, and fi^und very Uttle difficulty in obtaining 
means of conveyance. Although we were ftilly 
convinced of the justness of our opinion by this 
journey, yet in order to satisfy ourselves completely, 
we determined to return by the Mont Genevre to 
Briaiij^on and Grenoble. And this latter tour has 
enabled us to prove, we think beyond contradiction, 
that it is absolutely impossible for the Carthaginian 
army to have taken this road, at least if the autho- 
rity of Polybius is to be considered of any weight 
in deciding the question. 

It may be proper here to state briefly the precise 
road which we conceive Hannibal to have taken, 
and which we shall develope more at length here- 
after. After crossing the Pyrenees at Bellegarde, 
he went to Nimes, through Perpignan, Narbonne, 
Beziers, and Montpellier, as nearly as possible in 
the exact track of the great Roman road. From 
Nimes he marched to the Rhone, which he crossed 



PREFACE TO FIRST EDITION. XXUl 

at Roquemaure, and then went up the river to 
Vienne, or possibly a little higher. From thence, 
marching across the flat country of Dauphiny in 
order to avoid the angle which the river makes at 
Lyons, he rejoined it at St. Genis d*Aouste. He 
then crossed the Montdu Chat to Chambery, 
joined the Isere at Montmeillan, ascended it as far 
a3 Scez, crossed the Little St. Bernard, and de- 
scended upon Aosta and Ivrea by the banks of the 
Doria Baltea. After halting for some time at 
Ivrea, he marched upon Turin, which he took, and 
then prepared himself for ulterior operations against 
the Romans. 

To establish any road at ail, it was necessary to 
be guided exclusively either by Polybius or by 
Livy; for the accoimts of these two historians 
cannot, as we shall shew hereafter, be possibly re- 
conciled with each other. For reasons which will 
be stated in the 1st chapter, but principally because 
Livy's accoimt is inconsistent with itself, we have 
taken Polybius as our guide. It will be shewn, 
that the road which has just been laid down agrees 
in a most extraordinary manner with the one which 
he describes, especially as to the distances. It may 
indeed be safely said, that there is only one single 



XXIV PREFACE 1*0 FIRST EDITIOK. 

point of difference between us, and that one relates 
to the plains of Italy, which are said to have been 
pointed out to the army from the summit of the Alps. 
As it will be shewn thatthese plains can be seen from 
no known passage whatever of the Alps, we trust 
that this variation will not be looked upon as 
material. In every thing else we agree. 

M. De Luc's arrangement of giving the sub- 
stance of the Greek author at the head of each 
chapter has been adopted, and will be found con- 
venient, but a literal translation of the whole has 
been added in the Appendix. 

After the establishment of our own theory, we 
have proceeded to remark upon the other routes 
which have been at different times proposed. The 
work of M. De Luc was attacked soon after it ap- 
peared by two French gentlemen, who were anxious 
to defend their favourite Livy. The pamphlet of 
the first, M. Le Comte Fortia d'Urban, has been 
so completely reftited by the observations of the 
second, M. Letronne, that it has not been deemed 
necessary to take notice of it ; but we have en- 
deavoured to shew that this latter author has been 
himself equally mistaken in his own theory. 

The map which accompanies this work will, we 



PREFACE TO FIRST EDITION. XXV 

have every reason to believe, be found correct. We 
have inserted in it the modem as well as the 
Roman roads, and we have given the ancient as well 
as modem names of towns ; great care has been 
taken in laymg down the cham of the Alps, and 
when we add, that it has been executed by Mr. 
Arrowsmith, we need say no more in its favour. 
Some plans of places interesting in the discussion 
will also be found ; they were taken on the spot, 
and we believe we may answer for their accuracy. 

With respect to distances, we have adopted 
D'Anville's calculation, which is given in his 
Mesures Itin&raires ; he fixes the miles as follows : 

The Roman mUe 756 toises. 

The EngUsh mile 826 

The Greographical 951 

The Roman mUe, according to Polybius, was 
divided into eight stadia ; and it is to be observed, 
that when miles are mentioned in this work, 
Roman miles are always meant, unless otherwise 
expressed. 



ERRATA- 

Page Line 

1, 11, dde the comma. 

18, 20, for '^ Laranza," read Larauza, 

19, 6, dele the comma. 

31, 26, for << Conflans ad PublicaiUM," read Ad Publicawn 
(Ccnflans.) 

34, 11, for << in," read iMtend, 

62, 7> for ** «5wig ag»f," read imt^^g. 

84, 17, for " ascent at," read descent from. 

92, 30, for " I am," read We are. 

113, 15, for Pr St. Didier," read Pri St. Didier. 

115, 16, 23, for " V* and " I am," read FFe, and We are. 

226, 20, for "labeurs," read labours. 

231, 21, for " Aoste," read St. Gents d*Aouste. 



CONTENTS. 



Plige 

Dedication 5 

Advertisement to Second Edition .... 7 

Preface to First Edition . . . . 11 

CHAPTER I. 

Introductory Remarks. — Character of Polybius.— 

Early History of the Alps 1—35 

CHAPTER II. 

March of the Army from Spain to the Rhone.— Pas- 
sage of that River 36 — 45 

CHAPTER III. 

# 

March from the place where the Army passed the 
Rhone to the foot of the Alps. — ^Description of the 
Island 46— 62 

CHAPTER IV. 

Accomit of the different Passages over the mountains 
which inclose the Island. — Mont du Chat described. 
-—Passage of the Army over it^ and arrival in the 
Plain of Chambery 63—77 

CHAPTER V. 

March of the Army from Bourget to Scez. — ^Descrip- 
tion of the Country through which they passed. — 
Roman Road through it 78— 89 



XXVUl CONTENTS, 

CHAPTER VI. 

Page 
Attack made on the Army at the foot of the Great 

Cham of the Alps. — ^Their ascent to the Summits- 
Description of the Little St. Bernard.-— Encamp- 
ment there 90—105 

CHAPTER VII. 

Descent of the Army. — Description of the Road.— 
Arrival at Donas. — Siege and Capture of Turin.-— 
Conclusion of the March 106 — 125 

CHAPTER VIII. 
E^Lamination of Livy's Account . . . . 126-^150 

CHAPTER IX. 
Examination of M.lJStronne's Theory . . .151^—163 

CHAPTER X. 

Examination of Folard^ St Simon> Whitaker^ La- 
rauza, and Napoleon. — Ocmdusion . . 164-^204 



APPENDIX. 

Translation of Polybius.— .Extract from the Histoire 
de F Academic des Inscriptions. — Extract from the 
Theatrum Sabaudis. — On the Distance from the 
Pyrenees to the Village of St Martin . . . 205--235 



PLATES. 

1. Map to illustrate the Passage of the Alps. 

2. Sketch of the Passage of the Little St Bernard. 

3. Sketch of the Passage of the Mont du Chat^ and of the 

Valley below La Tuille. 

4. Cqpy of the Inscription on the Mont du Chat^ and Drawing 

of the Tablet of Silver found at Passage. 



3iodirn, Jloa£.-,^,e=^ - ffld JSeiut. 

Sketch of the Valley below la Tuile. 



■'7 /' 



% 




1 







r' \ J 



u 



" I F '.'&■'?' 



" r- 



'?V • 



DISSERTATION, 



^c. ^c. 



CHAPTER I. 

INTRODUCTORY REMARKS. CHARACTER OF POLYBIUS. 
EARLY HISTORY OF THE ALPS. 

When it is declared in the very outset of this 
inquiry, that the narration of Polybius is assumed 
as the entire basis and ground-work on which it 
rests, it immediately becomes necessary to lay 
before the reader the reasons which seem to place 
that historian's authority so much above that of 
every other competitor, and to prove that he is 
the only safe and sure guide whom we can follow 
in our investigation ; and though the inquiry may 
perhaps lead us into what may seem a minute 
S- examination of his character^ as an historian and 
geographer, yet the issue of the question rests so 
materiaUy on the credit due to his account, that 
we therefore hope to be pardoned for entering 
into it somewhat at length. 

Of the capacity and fitness of Polybius to des- 

B 



2 LIFE OF POLYBIUS. 

cribe great miUtary events, and particularly those 
of that memorable period, which, after a long and 
desperate struggle between the two great rivals, 
Rome and Carthage, secured to the former the 
empire of the world, we shall presently be assured, 
if we consider, what education he had received, 
what scenes and revolutions he had witnessed, and 
whence he derived those sources of knowledge, 
which alone could fit him for so important a task. 

Bred m the school of PhUopoemen, whose miUtary 
genius shed a brilliant thoi^gh transient lustre over 
the decaying fortunes and glory of Greece, Poly- 
bius, whose father Lycortas was himself a distin- 
guished statesman and warrior, could have no 
better guide to traaa hk youthful miad in the 
pursuit of knowledge, and direct him in the B^tsm^ 
ment of those qualities, which adoni slike the 
character of a general and politician. Bom mih 
no eommon talents,, ^d uiKler the auspi^oeii of n 
government which then alone raised its head 
agaijost tyranny and oppression,^ 9X3A strugi^ed fox 
the dyii^ liberties erf Greece, hk mind ccwM not 
&il of early devekqping itsdbf, aaptd laying up^ for a 
maturer age^, an ample store of valuable and div^^ 
sified acquirement*. While in the eamp and field 
he learned the duties; g£ a captain and sddier, asid 
made himself master of the art of tactics, aikd 
whole scieaokce of war ; at home he became no lessr 
versed in all the branches erf political knowledge, 
which the compliieated divisions and dissensions 



LIBE Of FOLYBIUS. 3 

of Greece then rendered so necessary to the 
education of one, whose services were to be e&erted 
in the administration of his country, oy in fur«« 
thering its interests abroad in a diplomatic capacity. 

At the age c£ twenty-four be accompanied his 
Either on an embassy to Ptolemy Epiphanes, King 
of Egypt ; on which occasion he seems so &x to 
have conciliated the favour and esteem of that 
court by his merit and talents^ that the successor 
of Ptdlemy, upon sending to the Achaeans for aid, 
according to the terms of their alliance,^ requested 
that Polybius, then in his thirty-seventh year, 
might have the command of the cavalry. 

The jealousy, however, with which the Roman 
Senate began to view the appearance of such 
talents and abilities in a citizen of a countryt sa 
fertile in genius and patriotism, soon summoned 
Polybius to Rome, already the capital of the world. 
It is to this removal, cruel and unjust no dpubt, 
though honourable to the merit and virtues which 
it was meant to stifle i^ their growth, that we owe 
one of the noblest histories, if we may judge from 
the grandeur of the design and the resoaains pre- 
served to us, that the world ever saw. 

Transplanted to a soil, which aflbrded so much 
more soope fi>r an eiipansive genius; to a field 
which could satisfy at once the wide views of the 
l^i£^ariaa» warrior^ statesman, and philosopher^ he 

• Voss. de Hist Grflec. Ub. L c. 19. 

t Harles^ IntrocL in Hist. Lis^. Oraec.sect. S. p. 284. 

62 



4 LIFE OF POLYBIUS. 

contemplated the scene before him as a citizen of 
the world, and consoling himself with the idea, 
that his country did but share the universal fate 
of nations, he formed the project of describing the 
events and unfolding the causes which raised Rome 
to the pinnacle of power and glory, and laid the 
world at her feet. 

He arrived at Rome* about thirty-five years 
after Hannibal had been forced to quit Italy ; at a 
time when that city, though mistress of nations 
and empires, must have had the dangers, under 
which it had so nearly fallen, still fresh in its recol- 
lection. The terrors which the name of the 
Carthaginian General had created, had scarcely 
yet subsided ; the wounds which he had inflicted 
were scarcely yet healed ; so that every infor- 
mation, which regarded that great captain and his 
actions, might have been easily obtained from 
living witnesses, and actors on that great theatre 
of war. A close acquaintance with the most illus- 
trious characters of Rome,t among whom was 
young Scipio iEmilianus, attracted towards him 
by his superior talents and merit ; a keen and im- 
partial judgment joined to imwearied research and 
patient investigation, placed within his reach docu- 
ments of the most valuable and authentic nature ; 
to their truth indeed the concurrent sentiment of 
antiquity, and the internal character of his works, 

♦ Voss. de Hist Graec. lib. i. p. 19. 
t Pc^yb. Fragm. lib. xxxii. c. 10. 



LIFE OF POLYBIUS. O 

bear ample and unfeigned testimony.* Probity, 
sincerity, and candour are peculiarly stamped upon 
all his writings ; to these he has sacrificed the orna- 
ments of style, the beauties of description, and 
embellishments of art : and while history shall be 
appreciated as a genuine guide and instructor 
through life, so long will his works be preferred to 
the more polished butless authentic narratives of 
other historians. 

It is natural to suppose, that a character like 
that of Hannibal, which formed so prominent a 
feature in the period of history which Polybius 
meant to describe, could not fail of attracting a 
large portion of his attention. We should be led 
to expect, from so candid and impartial a writer, 
a true and fair account of that extraordinary man, 
who by his sole energy grappled with the gigantic 
power of Rome at her very threshold, and for a 
time stemmed the torrent that was destined to 
overflow the world. Viewing the second Punic 
war as the great struggle which decided the fate of 
the world, Polybius has omitted no previous infor- 
mation or circumstance, which might tend to bring 
his readers to a fiill and perfect conception of this 
momentous contest. The causes, pretences, and 
motives, which led to the war, are examined, 
distinguished, ^nd balanced with the utmost atten- 
tion, and most scrupulous nicety ; we have a sure 

* S^ Casaubon's Preface^ in Schweighaeuser's ed. p. 15. 



6 CHARACTER OF POLYPUS 

guliitatfee 6£ his odii^dnce iA truth and ^lit^^ 
from his darihg, more than otkC^^ ^enly to chlitge 
the Romaiui with injustice and kdibitioUd views $ 
tad we feel asstlred^ thsft in him at least, Greece 
had not jet deserved the epithet of felse. In 
order to miake his readers flllly acquainted with 
the nature and character of thfe contest, he layii 
before them the resources of ekdti t^tixM &Ad theit 
allies ; particularly of the Gauls, oil whose assist* 
ance aiid co-operiation Hamiibd relied so much, 
in his invasion of Italy, llieir WA!re With the 
RoiMn!^ and inveterate hatred ag&inst that people, 
are detailed at length j* their numbers, hnjportance, 
and gec^aphical position, are defined with dear* 
ness and precision^ no inf€»rmation> in short, is 
omitted, which could be deemed useful fOT die 
understanding of subsequent events. 

But of all points connected witli the history of 
the second Punic wa;r, there is none which seems 
to have interested hhn so deeply, or which he 
appeairs ix) hav^e been at so much pains in eluci- 
daimg and describing, ais the journey of Hannibal 
from S|)ain into Italy j as betoig an event so inte- 
resting and m^m(»:able in itedif, and displaying the 
character and talents of that great commanded in 
80 striking a point of view 5 and because accounts 
so romantic and Mprobabte had been given df it 
by other writei-s, as to involve the whole traflsafr- 
tion in doubt and mystery. 

* Polyb. lib. ii. €. 17. 



AS AN fiOfiirOllIAK. 7 

His ardmt hs^ cdT Cnitli> o&d thkst for gei>- 
gra^ikal knoxdedge, and every thmg coiKnected 
wkh niilitarf science, led IV^ybitxs to tDaoe tbe 
Maax^h of the Cia^agmyfti army ^(mi die £bro ta 
the Rhone, and subsiequisintly over the Alps mb(^ 
ItfAy ; by which means he has been sAAe to ascer- 
tain mth accuracy ^adi position stnd locality^ and 
obtain infi>rmation, which must in vain kave been 
sought fof m any other manner ^ he himself de- 
dares, that if there is «iny part of his liirtory> <m 
Ihe accuracy and certainty of w^ch he may ;speak 
widi the greatest confidence,* it is thib^ ajs ha^g 
received tlie accounts which he 'ddivieis, from 
persons who wer« ^vmg ^ the time wlien the 
^vente took place, and Slaving traveled in tbe 
Alps, in order to obtain certain and pi%dgse infor- 
mation ^n this sut^ec^ His iaiowi<edg^ indfeed of 
this chain of mountains, o£ the different passes 
that led through it from Italy into Gaul, 4nd of 
tfie numerovis tribes that inhabited its valleys, 
seems to h^vv^e be^i bodi ^extensive and mconiate ; 
since Strabo,t who wrote mco^than a oentury and 
a half ta4)er, has not 49cmpled to btDrrow from 
Polybius's gep^aphical works, laiowlost to ms, 
much of his aocxmnt concamng these mountains. 

If 130W tlie charadter of IVdj^bius be vireaghed 
with that of livy, ^erary impartial mdnA ttmst 
easily discover, how fax he surpasses the Roman 

» Polyb. Kb. in. c. 4& 
t Mxtlos, sect. iy. p. ^0. 






8 COMPARISON OF 

writer in all the great points that determine the 
value and authority of an historian ; nor can we 
institute a more just comparison between them 
than that with which Gibbon furnishes us, when 
examining this very question. 

" Nobody,'* says Gibbon,* " admires more than 
" I do the historical merit of Livy ; the majestic 
" flow of his narrative, in which events follow 
each other with rapidity, yet without hurry or 
confusion j and the continual beauty and energy 
of his style, which transports his readers from 
" their closets to the scene of action. But here 
" we have to do not with the orator, but with the 
" witness. Considered in this view, Livy appears 
" merely as a man of letters, covered with the 
" dust of his library, little acquainted with the art 
" of war, careless in point of geography, and who 
" lived two centuries after Hannibal's expedi- 
« tion. 

" In the whole of his recital, we may perceive 
"rather a romantic picture, calculated to please 
" the fency, than a faithful and judicious history, 
"capable of satisfying the understanding. The 
" God who appeared to the Carthaginian general, 
" the mountains accessible to him alone,t the 
" vinegar witJi which he split the rocks, are fables 
which livy relates without criticism, as without 



♦ Gibbmi's Misc. Works, vol. ii. p. 182, 3. 
t Tit Liv. Ub. xxi. c. 22. Ub. xxi. c. 37- 



<( 



POLYBIUS WITH LIVY. 9 












suspicion. We seem to read Homer describing 
the exploits of Achilles. In Polybius, on the 
other hand, we meet with nothing but unadorned 
simplicity and plain reason. A justness of think- 
" ing, rare in his age and country, united to a 
sterility of fancy stiH more rare, made him pre- 
fer the truth, which he thoroughly knew, to 
ornaments which he was perhaps more inclined 
to despise, because he felt himself incapable of 
** attaining them. He had examined attentively 
" and skilfully with his own eyes the coimtry 
" between the Po and the Ebro, where he might 
" collect the precious remains of tradition, which 
the period of sixty years had not been able to 
efface ; and where he might converse with some 
" of the old men of the country, who had in their 
" youth either resisted Hannibal's invasion, or fol- 
** lowed his standard. His journey to those parts 
** was undertaken with the express purpose of 
gaining information in the coimtry itself, and of 
substituting, instead of the fables which already 
" overflowed the public, a plain and authentic 
" history of this famous expedition of the Cartha- 
" ginians. The work which has come down to us 
" is the fruit of this design. To finish the parallel, 
" I must add, that Livy's narrative cannot be re- 
" conciled with itself any more than with that of 
" Polybius.* His obscin-ities and contradictions 

* Cluver. It Ant lib. i. c. 33. p. 370u376. Crevier's Pre- 
face to Livy. Reiske's Pref. to Polyb. 






10 otCASicdiAiL afi^unnrv 

^< bkflle the idlest geog^apb^^ $ whereas tibe uc- 
<* cotint of PdybiTO is deJir «id W€ll<50wnected.**» 

Here thai it ^eenis iiirt;ural to ^k» l;rhy, )^ce 
F<dybius*B authority seems to test on such firm 
^tnd mdis^utaUe ^ou]3ds> tmd his Eocount to 
he desetvii!^ of %o mudi gt^nter ct^dit thw that 
^ a&y other writer^ any question should have 
arisen reinfecting ike evi&kt t^ are now examinmg, 
or the Bulgect have ^spet he&m invol^p^ in doubt 
and obscurity? The question h^e started will 
perhaps best be answered, if we refledt on the plan 
wMdi Polybius himself states that he has followed 
in the geographical part ^f his history, and more 
paiticnlariy in his ^arrrtive of Hann&aTs march 
from Spain to the Ticino. 

It should be observfed,*h that Polybius was 
writing principaliy ^ his^ counlarymen, to whom 
Spain and Gaul, and generally the western parts 
cf Europe, were but little laiown, and who would, 

* <llfal)itti h^wetrer, vfiiisled by Oluvevius, tonceivedtSutt Pdiy- 
bhis took fianmbal over liie Oreat St Bernard : laidbdng v^iy 
naturally surprised at his dioosing so circuitous a route^ 4tili 
wavered between the two opinions. ^' On doit etre suipris/' 
says M. de Luc> *' qu'il n'ait pas soup^onne qu'il devoit y avoir 
«^ etitte It Mont Oenevre et le Grand iSt. Bernard^ \m autre 
^ padsage, qm pcmrrmt mieux convenk «a redt de Pel^e^ et 
'^ qc^B. ti'ait fns, ea consequence^ Mt 4ra Tecteiches 'Sm les 
'^ voles Romainea, etmeme sur les passages desAlpesfirequefites 
" avant que les Romains eussent ouvert leurs voies militaires au 
^ trav^rs 'de >ce8 monttz^nes." Hist du t'ass. des Alpes^ p. 274. 

t Polyb. lib. iii. c. 4. 



OF POLTBIUS ACCOUNTSD *t>R* 11 

m he 9sy% derive w little isSma^on ^d ifiistii^- 
tion from the names ^ peopte ^d places v^ith 
which they wt^re unaic^uamted, a» frcmi mere soundl; 
that strike the ear without mimfying ihe tind^^ 
standing ; and he conceives^ that by dividing th^ 
heavens into four quart^ns^ and considering th^ 
sev^al parts x£ the earth us situated under pn^ ^ 
tibiese divisions, the mind is ^le to ref^ that whidi 
is less known to something of which it has a fitted 
and definite notion. Now> how correct soever this 
principle may be, yet^ in its application^ Folybiu% 
it must be ccmfessed, is somewhat vague and in^- 
distinct ; to us indeed this must be apparent, who 
are possessed of such accurate methods q{ ascer^ 
taining the latitude and position of any place on 
the globe's sur&ce. Yet this will sufficiently ac^ 
count for the omission of names both of places, 
people, ^ rive«, whicfc. lud they W mentioned 
by Polybius, would long ^o have removed all 
doubt as to the predse point by which Hannibal 
entered Italy%* 

Stilly however, though the data which Polybius 
affords us in the solution of this question be few^ 

* tlett ]»€tfaap6 ^t may ht albi#&d td Mnudrk, k^w lltde 
seems to have becm <doiietowefed8 dDe impioirement of jgeogttL'pkj 
by the Romans : and that while they paid scarcely any attention 
to that branch of knowledge^ the Greeks from the earliest times 
aeemto have pursued the sdence with urdotir and success; as 
may be seen by the works dfHerodofeus, SraM/dienes, Polybitts, 
Strabo^ and Ptolemy. 



12 SUPERIORITY OF POLYBIUS 

yet, as we hope to shew, they are fully adequate to 
lead us to the truth ; and after all, the £iult will be 
found to rest not with the historian, but with those 
commentators who have misconceived and misin- 
terpreted his meaning. Had an inquiry been in- 
stituted at the first with the same zeal, and the 
same judicious mode of investigation, which have 
been displayed by General Melville and M. De 
Luc, every difficulty would long ago have been 
cleared up, and much fiiiitless labour, and many 
useless comments would have been spared. We 
must yet notice another, and not less fruitful 
source of error, which is the attempt so oflen 
made to reconcile the accoimts of the two histo- 
rians; this is more particularly the case with 
French writers, who lay great stress on the au- 
thority of the Roman historian, and who have also 
bowed to the decision of their coimtryman, the 
Chevalier Folard, in his Commentary on Polybius.* 
When we come to examine the narrative of Livy 
by itself, we shall then be best able to judge 
whether such an attempt can be attended with 
success. 

To sum up, then, the arguments for preferring 
the narrative of Polybius to that of Livy ; we have 
on the one side the authority of a writer who lived 

* Folard^ though he might be an able tactician^ has^ in dis- 
cusamg this qu^stion^ fallen into numberless errors^ which will 
be pmnted out in a more proper place. 



TO I.IVY AS AN HISTORIAK. IS 

a very short time after the events which he de- 
scribes, whose account is plain, consistent with 
itself, and bearing internal evidence of its truth, 
while, on the other, we have an author whose love 
for the marvellous, and whose grave recital of 
miracles necessarily throw a doubt on his veracity : 
while his good sense and acuteness are equally 
liable to be impeached on accoimt of the repeated 
inconsistencies of his narrative, and the constant 
sacrifice of truth to the ornaments of style. The 
unsuccessful attempts of some later writers to 
reconcile the variations of the two accoimts, prove 
that the only just conclusion that can be drawn 
from a comparison of them, is that Livy discovers 
his own weakness the most when he departs from 
the narrative of Polybius, that he copies him 
without acknowledgment, and that being ignorant 
of the country which he describes, he falls into 
manifest errors both when he pursues his own 
theory, and when he attempts to reconcile it to 
that of his predecessor. 

Sufficient seems now to have been said to 
establish the superior authority of Polybius on the 
question before us : so that it only remains for us 
to trace the route according to his directions, and 
interpret his opinion in the fidrest and most im- 
partial manner in our power ; and it is our inten- 
tion, in the first place, to throw aside all other 
accoimts, and to be guided altogether in our 
investigation by him, and by what we conceive to 



f- 

r 



14 EARLY HrSTORY OF 

be his line of road, reserving our c^aefvations on 

4 

other authors to a later period. We have already 
detailed in the preface, our opinions on the exact 
Kne followed by Polybius, and we shall support 
these opinions in subsequent chapters. In order, 
however, fully to und^stand the sul]^ect, it will be 
e:^pedient, before we examine and coittirt^nt ttpon 
Polybius's narrative, to inquire into the knowledge 
which the Romans possessed concerning the Alps 
in the earliest times ; the roads which were made 
across them ; and the different nations, which at 
different periods penetrated through them fix)m 
Gaul or Germany to settle in Italy. 

The Rotnans could have been bqt little ac- 
qiiai&ted "^th the Alps before flai^nibal's expe- 
dition : their wars indeed with the Cisaljpine Gai^ 
had brought them to the foot of that vast chain j 
they must have known that these barbarians, with 
whcMtn they were contending, had come j&om 
another country, and crossed these mountains to 
settle in the fertile plains of Northern Italy. 
Their early connection with Marseilles would also 
be the means of making them first acquainted with 
Transalpine Gaul ; but their communieaticxQi with 
thatbily was only open to them by sea, and they 
had never hitherto attempted to send their legions 
over the natural barrier of Italy. The savage and 
uncivilised state of the wild tribes, that frcim the 
eailiest times occupied these mountainous regions, 
would of course renckr private interccairs^ and 



THB ALPS. 15 

iHith Gaul skiU metre precanens 
and difficult. Tradition indeed deeibo^ed^ that 
Horeolea had cinee penetrated with ^ large army 
i«to I^y» a«id had left mme tiiaa cue mentorial 
of his passage over th^ Alp^; hMit later times 
QsAeeioied that to he one of the mmj fabdiouus tales 
wbkh had th^ me in the poetical imagination 
and fiya.q^ of ^ti Greefou Whea HannJhaU how- 
esver, had been dri\?en from Italy, and Carthage 
conquered) when Spgwto nad Gaul had become 
Roman j^ovhKsea j the» the Alps were often crossed 
by Roman armies^* and even travellers ventured to 
es^plore those regM>ns of fix>at and snow j and trade 
and commerce fhund their way over those passes^ 
which nature pointed out as affording the moat 
conv^^iit and easy communication^ 

It vaa not* howev^, tiU the time of Augustus 
that the Alpst came to be well known and fre* 
quented : that emptor* either by the force oi his 
anas, or by conciliatory measures, finally subdued 
and <Hvilized the fierce clans that occupied the 
AJipine diatricte ; he caused roads to be constructed, 
and towns to be built in the heart of their moun* 
tauM, and si^^eeded in establishing a fi:ee and easy 

♦ PoJjb.Kb,ifi. 

t The whole chain^ extending from the Tyrrhenian sea to the 
head of the Adriaticji was then divided into seven di£br«otp«rts^ 
to each of which a separate n^me was assigned; 1. The Maxi* 
tin^e; 2.Cottian;3.Grwii;4. Pennine; 5. Bbs^tic ; $, Nqgric; 
7- Camic or Julian. 



^ 



/* 



/ 



16 STRABO*S ACCOUNT OF 

communication between Italy and all the parts of 
his extensive empire. 

Strabo informs us, that Polybius, who is the 
earliest authority on the subject, mentions only 
four passages over the Alps.* 

<< The first, through the Ligurians, dose to the 
" Tyrrhenian Sea ; the second, through the coim- 
" try of the Taurini, which Hannibal traversed ; 
« the third, through that of the Salassi j the 
" fourth, over the Rhsetian Alps — all precipi- 
" tons.*' With regard to this passage of Strabo, 
it is necessary to observe, that it contains a posi- 
tive assertion, that Hannibal passed by the road 
leading through the coimtry of the Taurini, 
and if this assertion was made by Polybius, it 
ought certainly to be considered as decisive of the 
question, which it is the object of this dissertation 
to determine. But the best proof that can be 
offered against this conclusion, and in favour of 
the opinion that the words r\v 'Awl^ag BvnXO^v, are 
Strabo's own, is furnished by Polybius himself, 
who positively asserts, (1. 3. c. 56.) that Hanni- 
bal descended among the Insubrians, before he 
invaded the territory of the Taiu-ini, consequently, 
he could not have stated, that he passed the 
Alps of the latter, without contradicting himself. 

* IIoXujSw? ^1 TfTTot^aj vvt^Pio'Ui ovo/Lta^tt ^Mvor ^y» Aiyvuv j^tiv, rnv 
tyyUTxa ru TvppnnKW viXnyir ilra, iniv ^*a Totvpivuv^ iv *Amfiai ^iSxOtv* 

1. iv. in fin. 



tHE PASSAGES OF THE ALPS. 1? 

And in fact, Strabo not unfrequently connects 
the mention of Hannibal, with those places whicb 
his passage had rendered memorable. Exathples. 
of this will be found, in I v. p. 217, 226, 2A9> and 
k vi. p. 284» In this instance, he has followed 
the opinion which was maintained by Livy, and 
which was most prevalent in his time. If Poly- 
bius had expressly nanled the passage, by which 
he affirmed that Hannibal had crossed the Alps, 
it would not have been a subject of doubt and 
controversy, as Livy asserts it to have been, when 
he was writing his history. The question, in truth, 
may be thus stated. We have two contradictory 
assertions ; in favour of the one, we have Poly- 
bius's own authority, as laid down in his own 
work ; in favour of the other, we have it, taken 
even in the most favourable light, at second-hand 
in the works of Stnibo. We may therefore reason- 
ably conclude, that the easiiest way erf* reconciling' 
this difference will be to attribute the assertion 
in Strabo to that author himsdf, and to. leave the 
passage in Polybius untouched. 

The first of the passages, mentioned by Sixabo, 
through the Ligurians, passed over the m^time 
Alps, from Genoa, through Monaci^, and Nice, 
to Aries ; this was already a Roman way in the 
time of Polybius, being die first made out of Italy, 
and was known by the name of the Via Aurelia.* 

* Bergier^ Hist des GrflndB Chemins d^ l^Elbpire Romaini 
lir. iii. p. 347- 

C 



18 DESCMPTION OF tUE 

The second through the country of the Taurini, 
civet the Saltus Taurinus, now Mont Genevre, 
mfq GauL* 

The third through^ the Salassi, over the Graian 
Alp, of the Little St. Bernard, to Vienne On the 
Rhoi\e. 

- The last from Milan, through ComO, by the 
Rhastian Alps, Mont Splugen or Septimer, tc^ 
CoEire in the Grisons* 

Now if we take into consideration, that from 
Polybius's account, Hannibal's route seems ta 
have been previously known and frequented, and 
that the four passes above named were dll that 
the historian himself was sicquainted with ; it wilt 
be obvious that the object pf our search must 
coincide with one of these, and consequently that 
our inquiry need not extend itself to such Jis were 
m use > only subsequently to the times of which 
we ate now speaking.t As no cfne, however, has 

* The hypothesis of M. LarsSta, thflt liiia road passed oyeii 
the Mont Cenis^ will be discussed h^eaftet ; ^e foUow^ at pre-^ 
sentj the generally received opinion. 

"^ + Thus the Mons Penninus or Great St. Bernard^ appears 
to hare been but little known in Caesar's time^ since he tells us^ 
that the donmi^OAdon l>y that passage was attended with much 
difficulty and dangef:; and that he was the £rst to render il 
more practicable. G8es.de BelL Gall. lib. iii. c. 1. Ilie M<mt 
Cenis does not appear to have been known to the Romans; nor 
is it mentioned tiH lihe time of Charlemagne. Aimoinus^ Franc. 
Rer. lib. iv. c. 60, et lib. v. c 35. See also De Luc's remarks 
on that mountain^ p. 25. 






PASSAGES OF THE ALPS. 19 

evte contemplated the pOs^biHty g£ HaimibaPs 
having passed bj the Maxittme Alps, or the Grisoro, 
there will in. fatt remain only two passes between 
which any doubt can lie, the Mont Genevre and 
the Little St. Bernard ; so that we may now pf o- 
^ C^ed to inquire^ into the earliest accounts which 
histdry affords us, respecting these two mcmntains, 
according to the order in which they have been 
placed. 

. The* first information we have relative to Mont 
Gerievre> as a passage frequented by the Roman 
amies on their way fo Gaul, is derived from 
Ctear, who seems to have crossed that mountain 
with imrt of his army at least, when proceeding from 
Itafy to oppose a formidable inroad of the Helvetii 
ktto the Roman provmce. The account of Ins 
march is very concise, and, from that drcomstance^ 
atteMed witli a certain degree of obsairity. As 
the pasjsage is iiiteresting, and seems to throw 
sem^e %ht on the history of thiese m<Mintains, we 
may p^haps b^ allow^ to hazard some remarks 
upon if. 

CsBswr* tdk us that having drawn together five 

• —qua proxiiiium iter in ulteriorem. Galliam per Alpes 
erat, cum his quinque legionibus ire "contendit. Ibi Centrone^ 
et Oaroceli^ et Caturiges^ locis superioribus occupatis, itinere 
exercitum prohibere conantur. Compluribtis his praeliispuMs^ 
ab Ooelo^ quod est citeriorid provinciie extremum^ in finei 
Vocontiorum ulterioris provinci® die septimo pervenit : inde in 
AUobrogito fines. Cses. de BelL Oall. lib. i. c. tife 

c 2 '^^ 



20 Cil:SAR^S MAilCH OVEfe 

l^ons, he siet out on his march mto Transalpine 
Gatil frbm Ocdum, which he terms the extreme 
point of ihe Cisalpine province. For the know^' 
ledge of this place, whi^h has geheirally been mis- 
takien, some supposing it to be ExiUes, others 
Oulx, we are indebted to the s^igacity and judicious 
researches erf* lyAnville, who has ascertained be^ 
yond a doubt that it must have occupied the 
position of Uxeau in the valley of Pragelas near 
Fenestrelles.* We learn also from Strabo, that the 
next sl^tion on that road was Scincomagus, which 
D* Anvilie with equal feUcity hasf discovered to be 
the Chamlat de Scinguin on the other side of the 
Col de Sestrieres ; the road therefore must dearly 
have passed over that Col ; and Caesar would th^ 
probably, for the first time, meetwith that oppo-* 
sition from the mountaineers which he describes*. 
It is however m reconciling the names bf th^e 
people with the position of the Col de Sestrieres, t 
that the main difficulty of the passage seems to con- 
sist. Of the Centrones, who are here for the first 
time named in history, it is known for certain, thftt 
they inhabited the valley of thie Upper Isere, or 
that part of Savoy which is called la Tarantaise ; 
it is nbt therefore easy to cbnceive, how they could 
have taken palrt in an action, from the scfette of 
which/tiiey wece so remote. Of the Garoceli or 
(jrrak>celi next mentioned much less is known ; it 

* Not de TAnipt Gaule^ p. 50(K t See the map. 



J, 



V 



THE MONT GEKEVRE. .81 

ia conceived, however, and with great probability, 
that they nm3t have occupied that part Of the 
chain, which lies between Mont Iseran and Mont 
Genevre ; the latter belonging to the Caturiges, 
who are th^ la3.t mentioned. The Garocdi thus 
plajced . between th^ C.entrones and Caturiges* 
(the latter occupying Brian^^ron and the valley of 
the Durance, aa far as Embrun,) must have in- 
habited the valleys in the vicmity of Mont Cenis 
and the Upper part of the Maiu-ienne^ This sieems 
further confirmed by old writings, in which the 
name of St. Jean de Maurienne appears 2is SanctU3 
Johannes Garocellius.t It is not improbable, that 
Caesar might have sent part of his army through 
the country of the Centrones in the first instance, as 
also ainpther division through that of the Garoceli. 
This ex^planation would obviate the difficulty of 
$;upposing the niountaineers, mentioned by Caesa^, 
to have assembled on cme point, from a line o£ 
such extent as that which lies between the Little St 
Bernard and Mont Genevre; a dijstance which 
fBven across the mountains, firom the valley of th^ 
Isere to that of the Arc, and thence to the Mpnt 
Genevre, cannot be estimated at less than 60 miles. 
If we consider that Caesar had with him fitwiegions, 
the diflSculty of subsisting so large a force on one 
lin^ in these mountains WQuld suflSciently account 
for hig dividing it, and choosing; to paiietrate 

/ 

* Not de TAnc Gaule. t Theatr, Sabaud. vol i\. p. 1ft. 



V 



\ 



S2 CiiESAR'S MABCH OVEH 

f 

iQto Gaul by different points; besides, it may be 
added, that the two first routes would lead his 
troops immediately into the country <rf the Alio*- 
broges, the end of his march. 

Csesar* however, with the greater part of his 
army, no doubt passed by the Mont Genevre, and 
there encountered the Caturiges.. Of his subse- 
quent m^urch we only gather, that on the seventh 
day from his quitting Ocelum he arrived on the 
borders of the Vbcontii, and thence into the 
country of the AHobroges : he proceeded pro- 
bably along the Durance as &r as Embrun,t and 

* It should be dbserved^ that Caesai' was then traversing the 
territory of Cottiui^ or more properly of Donnus his fi^er^ an 
Alpine dneftain^ who had formed to himself a kind of prin- 
cipality among these mountains. Cottius is represented as 
lurking in the fastnesses of his Alps^ and even defying the 
|yower of Rome, till the policy of Augustus thou^t it worth 
wrhiJ^ io conciliate him with the title of king. This drcumi- 
stance will explain why the road hare mentiimed should have 
crossed both the Col de Sestrieres and Mont (Jenevre, instead 
of proceeding directly firom Susa to the Mont Genevre by the 
valley of Exilles and Oulx ; as the latter led through the heart 
of Cottius's dominions, the former through a small part of them 
pnly ; hence we find, that in later times when Cottius was 
become av ally, and these Alps had taken his name, the Col de 
Sestrieres was abandoned ; the stations in the Itineraries, being 
Fines, Segusio, ad Martis ; that is, by Susa, Oulx, &c. Wesse- 
Hng. Itiner. p. 341. See the inscription on the arch at Susa, 
Theatr, tS^. vol. i. Strabo, Hb. iv. p. 312. Pliny, iii. Sa Dio. 
Cass. Ix. 24, Marcellinus, xv. 10. Ovid. Bleg. Pont. vii. 

t Wessehng, Anton. Itinar. p. 357. 



TH£ MQKT O^MEVRE,. ^ 

ihemce by Gap and Die to Valence, and so acroas 
the X$ere into the territory of the Allotiroges. ^ 

It appears then from ^lis passage of Cafesar^ that 
the Romans had akeady at that time a military 
road over Mont Genevre ; but when it was finrt 
opened we are not precisely infonned; thfere is, 
however, good reason to bdieve that this is {|ie 
road to whidi Pompey alludes, as having first 
rendered it practicaUe for troops, when marthiiag 
into Spain. agamst Sertorius:* In aletta* to the 
Senate, which has been preserved to us by Salliist, 
be says, ^^ Nomine modo imperii a vobis accepto, 
« diebus XL ex^rcitum paravi, hostesque in 
*^ cecvicibus jam Italiae agentes, ab A^bus' in 
Hispaniam submovi ;t per eas iter ahud atque 
Hannibal, nobis opportuhius patefeci."J It cier-^ 
tainly was esteemed to be the shortest passage into 
Gaul ; and as to its being so, this account of Pom*- 

* This conjecture seems strengthened by the fact, which 
PHny mentions, of certain districts of Cottius's domimons having 
been admitted among the municipal towns of Italy by a law of 
Pompey. Plin. lib. iii. c. 24. We know also from Plmy^ that 
Pompey, in a trophy erected by him on the summit of the 
Pyrenees, boasted of having reduced in this very expedition 
876 towns. Plin. Hb. iii. p. 298. Strabo, lib. iii. p. 156. 

t Sallust. Hist lib. iii. fragm. 

i Appian also tells us, that Pompey opened a Toad in the 
Alps different from that of Haimibal> between the source^ of 
the Po and Rhone. Appian. Bell. Civil, lib. i. S(»ne have 
supposed that Pompey's road might have passed by the Cpl 
d' Argentiere, and the valley of the Stura, but this never appe jr)| 
to have been in use. 






24 PASSAGE OF THE OAOLS 

p^ agrees entirely with lliat of Cesar, Stnbo/ 
and A mmianus Marcellimis. Hence we might fairly 
argue, that, in Pompey*s opinion at least, Han- 
nibal had not passed by the Mont Oenevre, and 
it is not improbable that the circumstance of the 
direct road from Spain into Italy, leading over the 
Mont Genevre, gave rise to the opinion that Han- 
nibal must have gone by that passage, as the 
diortest and most direct, putting the Maritime 
Alps out of the question, to which there were 
military obstacles from the neighbomrhood of the 
Roman anny. It is n^on Urn primd Jade evidence 
that Bonaparte, in hii^ Memcnrs (vd. 2, M^anges 
Historiques) has given his opinion in fitvour of the 
passage of the Mcmt Genevre, an opinion which 
will be discussed hereafter. 

But if we are to give credit to Livy, we must 
suppose the Mont Genevre to have been frequented 
in times greatly anterior to those of Pompey and 
Csesar ; for this is the passage which that historian 
states most of the tribes of the Gauls to have 
chosen in their migrations into Italy. Now as the 
account of these transactions is of some consequence 
to the proper understanding of this inquiry, it may 
not be useless to examine awhile the history which 
Livy has given us of them. 

He states,t that the first passage of the Gauls 
took place under the reign of Tarquinius Priscus, 

* Strabo, Kb. iv, p. 285. t Liv. lib. y. c S4. 



i 



lUTO ITALY* 25 

and enumerates five distinct m^ratmnSii di^mi^ 
in that respect from Polybius, Diodorua Sicuhis, 
and Plutarch, who speak only of one. Of these 
he describes three, as proceeding ov^ the Saltus 
Taurinus or Mont Genevre, and one by the 
Pennine Alps, or the Great St. Bernard ; the fifth 
seems imc^rtain. Though the account of tiiese 
transactions is given with sufficient dets^ of cir- 
cumstance, we discover upon examination many 
points which tend to render the whdie confused, 
and difficult to be explained or reconciled with the 
true principles of geography. We are told, that 
Bellovesus, a Celtic prince, with the superabuncknt 
population of the Bituriges, Arvemi, Senones, 
iBdui» Ambarri, and other nations of Gaul, pro*- 
ceeded in quest of a country where they might 
settle ; l^t he arrived among the Tricastini, and 
afterwards assisted the Phocasans, who hstd just 
landed^ and were preparing to found Marseilles, 
against the ^dyes. He then witli all his fbrces 
crossed the Alps by the Saltus Taurinus, and 
having defeated the Tuscans near the Ticinus, 
'fi)imded Milan. The Cenomanni come next by 
the same pass, and found Brescia and Verona in 
the country of the Libui. The Salluvii are the 
tliird, and are followed by the Boii and Lingones, 
.who cross over the Mons Pqnninus^ and: settle on 
the right bank of the Po. 

The whole of this account presents difficulties 
so apparent and obvious, as to throw no small 



^ PASSAOS OF tH£ GAULS 

(foabt cm tile accuracy of Livy's research^ into 
these ikots. 

In the first place, the Boii,* who aeem more 
properly to have been a German or Helvetian 
tnbe, and the Lingones, a people of Gaul, who 
occupied part of Franche-Comte and Burgundy, 
are united together, and sent over the Pennine Alp3* 
which, according to Livy*s own account,! could 
not have heesx passable even in Hannibal's tim^ 
nor co«ld it have been a pass fr^uented in Poly, 
bius's time, since it is not one of the four meur 
tioned by Strabo upon his authority. 

Again, the Cenomanni are made to occupy the 
territory of thjs Libui, or, as they ought more pro- 
perly to be called, the libicii, which certainly wa3 
not situated so far to the east as Brescia and Verona^ 
but lay, as we leam from Polybius,t to the west of 
aU the other Gauls. 

But the accoimt of the first migration does not 
seem the least improbable. Here we have a .vast 
multitude of the tribes inhabiting the central and 
south-eastern parts of Gaul, seemingly wandering 
from their native country at random, „ and quite 
uncertahi whither they were bending their course : 
finally arriving at the Alps without even knowing 
that the country beyond was habitable, muqh less 
Irfaatwas its fertility, resoiurces, and population. 

♦ Cluv« Germ. Antiq. Avent Annal. Boior. Not de I'Anc. 
Gaule, p. 166—417. 

t Liv. lib. xxi. cap. 88. $ Polyb. lib. ii. cap, 17. 



INTO ItALY. 27 

Why they should have wandered fid low as the 
Tricastini,* and still lower even, to the vidnity of 
Marseilles, serins equally strange. Certainly there 
can be no reason why the valley o£ the Dm'ance, 
by which Livy must suppose them to have reached 
the Alps, should have been mote early p^Dpled, 
and better known to the rest of Gaul than that of 
the Isere, so much ite superior in extent and 
fertility, and situated so much near^ those parts of 
France, from which the emigration we are sp^ildng 
of took place. Again, if these Ixibes had pene- 
trated into Italy by the Saltus Taurrnus, would 
they have Wandered so far as Milan to establish 
themselves, and form a settlement, when such a 
position as that of Tiurin presented itself to them 
on their first arrival ? How much more probable 
is it, that each tribe penetrated into Italy by the 
pass nearest to the point where it settled, and 
nearest also to that from whence it set out ; thus 
the Salyes or SaUuvii, and other Ligurians in Gaiil^ 
will be made to arrive in Italy by the Gottian 
Alps, and&und Turin.t The Arvemi, ^Edui, and 
Insubres penetrate through the country of the 
AUobroges and by the valley of the Isere, and 

* The positiop of the Tricastim 10 clearly marked l>y thelitde 
town of St P^uI-TroU-Ch&teauj^^ about fifteen mile3 to the north 
of Orange on the Rhone ; nor is there any authority for suppos- 
ing them to have extended much beyond that dis^ct See 
D'Anville, Notice de TAnc. Gaule, p. 100-*-^5. 

t Strabo^ lib. iv. p. 312. Plin. lib. iii. cap. 21. 



S8 PASSAGE OF THE GAULS 

Teach Italy by the Graian Alp. It wiU be aeoiby 
the inspection of D*Anville*s map of ancient Gaul, 
tha£ these people occupied the provinces of 
Am^rgne, Bresse, the Lyonnois, and Bourbonnois, 
bordering on the country of the Allobroges or 
Dauphine, and Savoy ; and the Arvemi, the most 
powerful of these tribes, are known to have been 
early connected ¥nLth the Allobroges. * Hence it is 
probable that they must have had some commu^- 
nication with Italy before they set out on their 
expedition ; and tins supposition agrees with Po^ 
lybius's account, who states, that these Oauli^ were 
urged to this attempt by the information they had 
received, of the extreme fertility of the plains pos^ 
sessed by the Tusoans.t Pliny also mentions, that 
JELelico, an Helvetian, on returning to his country 
from Italy,t praised the Mdne of that country so 
much, that a migration wps instantly determined 
on. Finally, the tribes which settled in the plains 
of Verona, Brescia, and Mantua, may have pas^ied 
by the Rhaetian Alps, these being among the ^r^ 
liest frequented, according to the tegftimony of 
Polybius.§ 

There is another tribe,|| which is described by 
Polybius as having come from the other side of the 
Alps, and the country near the Rhone, at the desire 
of the Insubres and Boii, to assist them in their wars 

♦ Liv. Epit lib. Ixi. t Polyb. Hb* ii. c. 17- 

t PHn. Hb. xii. c 2. § Cluver. Ital. Antiq. p. 343, 344. 

II Polyb. Ub.n. - 



mTd ItALY. ^ 

agaiiist th^ Rdinans ; and whose king Virid<nharus 
was killed by Marcellus in single combat ; these 
are dsilled Gsesatse by Polybius, who also informs 
us that they derived this name from theif merce- 
nary disposition.* Ete also dearly intimates, that 
Hannibal followed the same route which this people 
had taken to cross the Alps ;t so that if we can 
asciertain who these Gsesatae werej and from whence 
they ctoi6, we shall have another clue to guide us 
in Oiir search. Now from the description given of 
this people by Polybius, in his second book, (tf theif 
going to battle naked, their mercenary disposition 
and extreme ferocity, it appears they were not 
Gaids,t but Germans who had crossed the Rhine, 
and settled near the Rhone.§ The Roman inscrip« 
tion in the Capitol indeed expressly states them to' 
have been Germans : 

M. CLAUDIUS. M^ F. M. N. MARCELLUS* AN. t»XXXI.|| 
cos. JDS GALLEIS INSUBRIBUSi £T .GERMAN. K. 
MART. ISaUE. SPOLIA. OPIMA RETULIT. DUCE HOS-» 
TIUM. VIRDUMARO. AD. CLASTIDIUM INTERFECTO. 

♦ it is more probable^ howerftr, that th^y'^e*e sb cidled' 
from tbd gsesum or javelin which they used. See Vosa. 3e vit^ 
sermon. 

t Polyb. Kb. iii. C( 4i3. 

X CluY. Gkrm. Antiq. lib. i. q. 10. 

§ The name of Gauls seems to hare betfen at this time indis- 
criminately applied to all Barbman's^ Whethet of Celtic or 
Teutonic (Origin. 

II Fasti Capitol apud Grut 



30 PASSAGE OF TIfiB OAULS 

Propertius also plainly denotes them to be O^^ 
mans. £1. su lib. 4. 

daudius a Rheno trajectps arcoit hosted 

Bellica cui vasti parma relata ducis^ 
Virdumari^ genus hie Bheno jactabat ab ipso 

Nobilis e tectis fimdere ga^sa rotis. 

We learn also from Caesar,* that the Gauls them* 
selves, as the Sequani an4 Arverni, had in early 
tLpies adopted the practice c^ hiring German mer<^ 
eenaries to assist them in their wars« It seems 
even that they had acquired permanent settlements 
in Gaul. And we yet learn farther from Strabo,t 
that these very Germans were materially favoured 
and assisted in their incursions into Italy by the 
Sequani, without whom, he adds, they could have 
effected nothing. The information derived from 
this passage of Strabo is most valuable, as pointing 
out tibie route by which the Gaesatas must have 
penetrated into Italy. Proceeding from the 
country of the Sequani, theiy would cross the 
Rhone near the present Fort de FEdiise j the 
same road which the; Helvetii undoubtedly wished 
to tnke when they ware opposed and defeated by 
Caesar ;1: their way would then lay directly through 
the Allobroges, by Chambery, to the valley ^f the 

* Caesar de BelL ,6all. lib. i. c 31. ^ 

t Cass, de Bell. GalL lib. i. c. 44. Strabo, lib. iv. p. 293. 
:t Ces. de BeU. Gall. lib. i. c. 4. 



i 



1 



INTO ITALT. SI 

• » 

Isere»* and up that river to the Graian Alp or the 
Little St. Bernard. 

A few observations yet remain to be inade» on 
the history of this last passage. Whence it dep- 
rived the name of the Oraian Alp, must be left 
to conjecture, unless any credit be thought due 
to the &.bulous story of Hercules* expedition : but 
it is not improbable, that the Celtic term, Grau- 
Alp,t may have been corrupted, and altered into 
aLatmform. 

It is mentioned, I believe for the first time 
under that liame, by Cornelius Nepos,t in the life 
of Hannibal, and our opinion derives no small 
support from his authority, seeing that he posi- 
tively asserts this to have been the Carthaginian 
general's route. His accoimt is clear, plain, and 
concise. ^ Ad Alpes posteaquam venit, quae 
<< Italiam ab GalM sejungunt, quas nemo un-» 
" quam cum exercitu ante, prarter Herculem 
*^ Crrsdum transierat, (quo facto is hodie saltus 
" Grains appellatur,) Alpicos conantes prdiibere 
<^ transitum concidit; loca patefecit, itinera muniit, 
^^e£fedtque ut ed dephahtos omatus ire posset, 

* Another road seems to have reached that valley from 
Oeneva : it is marked in the Itineraries as branching off from 
(Gonfltoi^M Publicanos on the tsere> by Casuarii (Ce^erieux)^ 
Boutee (Annecy)^ to Oeneva ; iMs would perhaps be the most 
direct which the Gsesatae could take. See I^Anville^ Not de 
VAnc Gaule^ p. 212 — 245. Antonin. Itiner. Wesseling. p. 347* 

t Simler. Comment de Alp. p. 243. 

t Com. Niep. Vit Hannib. c 22. 



82 ANtlEKT AUTHORITIES RESPECTlKd 

''^ qak antea unus homo inermis vix potenii 
repere. 



n » 



• This passage, however, appears to have b^eil 
more early knbwn under the name of Cremonis 
jugum; and it is from Livy, that we obtain that 
and another valuable piece of information, relative 
to this moimtain. That author, stating the dif^ 
ferent opinions that had been held respecting the. 
passage by ^hich Hannibal arrived in Italy, men-, 
tions that of Coelius, who supposed him to have 
passed by the Cremonis* jugum ; some, however, 
would read Centronis jugum, but whether we read 
Cremonis or Centronis jugum, it matters little, as the 
same mountain is meant in both cases : Livy telling 
us, that this pass led through the Salassi, into the 
country of the Gauls,t called Libui, or rather 
Libicii, who occupied Vercelke, (Verceil,) Lau- 
mellum, (Lomello,) and Ticinum (Pavia). 

The authority of Codius Antipaterj who lived 
in the time of the Gracchi, about 625 U. C* less 
tlian. ^ centuiy after HannibaFs expedition, not 
cmly confirms the idea, tlmt ihe passage of the litde 
$t* Bernard was frequented in his time, but tends 

* It 18 worthy atmadce, that the chain which forms the north 
flUle of this pa«sage>aadooimec|8 the lattle St Bernard with the 
great chain c^Mont Blanc, is now called the Cramont See De 
Saossitte's Voyages dans les Alpes^ for a description of thia 
mountain. 

t Polyb. Ub. li. c. 17» Plin. Hb. iii. c. 17- dttVen ftal. 
Antiq. p. 233. 



THE LITTLE ST. BERNARD. 3S 

disc materially to prove, that this was Hanniballsi 
route; smce his character for veracity,* though 
nothing now remains of his writings, is estab- 
tished by ample and imquestionable testimony .t 
Brutus, indeed, esteemed his history of the second 
Punic war, so much, that he abridged it,t as 
he is said to have done that of Polybius also; 
and Cicero, though he considered his style as 
roi^ and unpolished, always praises him for 
Us acUierence to truth,§ and would have other 
writers learn accuracy from his example.!! 

In the time of Augustus, when a more extensive 
and active communication with the several parts 
of so vast an empire became necessary, we find 
that emperor, among other passages through the 
Alps which he laid open, or rendered more easy 
of access, constructing two regular ways over the 
Pennine and Oraian Alps ;% ^e one leading from 
Milan to Lyons, the other from the same city to 
Vienne, formerly the capital of the Allobroges. 
Strabo, however, makes them both terminate at 
JjyooB, and thus describes tiiem : ^< Of the passes 

• VaL Max. Ub. L c. 7- t Cic. de Orat 

i CiaadAttUb. xiii.ep.8. § Cic de Leg. lib. i. 

II For a further account of GceBus AxitqM.ter> aee Voss. de 
Hist Lat Ub. L c 8. Hades, Hist Ling. Lat. L 273. See 
also Cicero de Divin. on the subfect of Silenus^ a Greek his- 
torian, whom Codius followed. 

% Strabo^ Ub. iv. p. 318. Bergier, Hist des O. Chemins 
de I'Emp. Rom. p. 104-441. 

D 



•■ 



V. 



34 STRA1(«'S ACCOUNT OF 

<* which lead from Italy into Gaol^ and th^ north 
«* country, one l^ads through the country of the 
** Salassi, terminating at Lyons ; hut this 19 two- 
^ fold) the one passahle for carriages, but longetf 
^ through the Centrones ; the other steep* and 
** narrow, over the Mons Penninus." And in 
anoth^ place he says, " The country of the 
« Salassi,* lies chiefly in a deep valley, moimtaxM 
^ closing it in on both sides ; it reaches also in 
^ some parts to the heights that overhai^ it. For 
.Ivyh^tU) " those then who in/' crossing these mountainst 
. " their road lies through the vafley we have des- 
♦^ cribed. It then branches off, in one direction 
<< crossing over the Mons P^mimis and the sum- 
^ mit of the Alps> but this is w>t passaUe for 
« carriages j the other throtigh the country of the 
<< Centrones is less steep.*' 

When Strabo says, that the ro^d to Ly<Mis by 
the Pennine Alp, is shorter than by the Graiai^^ 
he must be understood to mean^ tl^ the extent 
of mountainous country which it traveises i3 less ; 
otherwise this stataaaent is inAdoussible. It i^ a^ia 
dear from Strabo's account, that these passes were 

* The Salassi resisted tiie Ramans for a litmg time; though 
attacked as earfy as the year 609 U. C. tiiej were not finally 
8iA>dued till the reign of Augustos* They were^ coati^rHous- 
to the Centrones to the nortih> and the lafoicii to the sou&; 
their chief towns were Augusta PlrsBtoria (Aoste)> a cc^ony 
ftmnded by Augustus^ and S^oredia, now Ivrea. Btraho^ Kb. 
iy. Liv. Epit. Jibr liii. Oros. v. 4. 



THE PASSAGES^ OF tHE ALPS. 35 

known and frequented before the works, which 
Augustus caused to be executed there, had been 
undertaken. 

Having shewn that the passage of the Little 
St. Bernard was known from the earliest time, 
that it was the most Central With respect to Gaul, 
and as, in consequence of its affording the most 
obvious and easy communication between that 
country and Insubria, from the extensive and 
&rtil^ vaUeys wMch it connects, both reason aind 
probabdity codcar in pointii^ it out as that bjr 
whic^ HannibaPs guides would condu^et him,. 
we shall now proce^ to £^ew that Poiybms's 
tiiarf adv^ and description agree with the hypothe*- 
di& h^e brought forward^ and whi(tb we are aiboi^ 
to maisftain. 




k^u.^l\<.KLl!>.3, 



l>\!'.'- . „ 'NL'Xm ,; JL '\v' . \\ 



-llYw, tl-vuvi lAxiX oiilUoiu 




I 



OUaJ 'Z 



D 2 



( 36 ) 



CHAP. II. 

MARCH OF THE ARMY FROM SPAIN TO THE RHONE,. 
/ PASSAGE OF THAT RIVER. 

It has been shewn in the last chapter, and in 
the preface, that we meant to be guided entirely 
by Polybius in this investigation ; and before we 
enter upon the march itself across the Alps, it may 
be right to relate summarily the circumstances 
which preceded the arrival of the army on the 
banks of the Rhone, as stated by that author. 

He * begins his thirty-fourth chapter by saying^ 
that Hannibal awaited at Carthagena the arrival of 
certain emissaries, whom he expected from the 
Gauls ; and it is observable, that from the circum- 
stance of his mentioning the war in which this 
people had been engaged with the Romans, we 
can learn that the envoys whom he expected were 
to be sent by the Boii and Insubrians. For in the 
second book, he imiformly mentions these two 
nations as the chiefs of the confederacy against the 
Roman arms, and the war in which they are en- 
gaged is concluded by the capture of Milan.t 

• Polyb. lib. iii. c 34. t Polyb. lib. ii. c. 34. 



SITUATION OF THE INSUBRIAKS. S^ 

It is important thus early to observe upon this 
fact, in order to shew, that the object of Hannibal 
being to descend at first from the Alps amongst 
his allies, he would necessarily take a more nor- 
therly passage over the Alps than he would have 
pursued on his arrival at the Rhone, if the more 
southerly one of the Maritime Alps, or the Mont 
Genevre(Alpis Cottia) had been equally convenient 
for hun. 

It requires indeed some strong reasons to ac- 
count for his turning directly to the northward 
after he crossed the Rhone ; for there can be no 
doubt that these two last mentioned passages were 
much nearer than the one which it is our intention 
to shew that he actually did take. 

Now the situation of the Insubrians is well 
known, as we find from Polybius that they pos- 
sessed great part of the coimtry to the north of the 
Po;* and as Milan was their capital, and the nation 
was a very powerful one, we may conclude that 
they reached nearly to the foot of the Alps both 
on the north and west. Polybius mentions the Laii 
and Lebecii as being settled near the sources of the 
Po, after whom come the Insubres, that is, at the 
spot where the river, instead of running from S. to 
N., turns to the eastward, which is at Chivasso. 
The Boii, according to Polybius, were situated to 
the S. E. of the Insubrians, and to the south of the 

* Polyb. Hb. ii. c. 17- 



^ PISTAH(:e# from wain 

Po, tbpwgb nifly st^-t^ them to have fQunded 

Thi? rq[)ort of tb^ envoys on tb^ir arrival being 
very &vourablet Hannibal declared to the army 
his intention of marching into Italy, and appointed 
a day for his departure* Finally, having arranged 
fais affairs in Spain, he crossed the P3nrenees with 
SQ.QOO infantry, and 9000 cavalry.t The dis- 
tances which he had to accomplish, and by which 
we are above all to be guided, are laid down in the 
thirty-ninth chapter ) the intermediate ones do not 
ccmtain any thing material to our purpose. 

Stadia* 

From iJroporium ( Alnp^rias) to the pasa 

sage of the Jlhone v 1600 

From th^ Rhone, 9ro/t>^o/ievQi^ vrap' avrov 

TOP ?rora/*ov, i>€ ^iri rac wifyoij^ for 

thpse who are trjiveUing along the 
river in the direction of its source^ 
to the ^cent of the Alps.§ . • • 1400 
The Alps tbemselves ...... 1200 

With yespect to the first part of this joxuney^ 
i^^t from Empori\wn to the Rhone, Polybius ob* 



* Vide D^Anville^ Notiee de la Gaule^ Art Insubres. 

t C. 36. 

X This remark is^ of importance^ inasmuch as it goes far to 
prove, that the army marched constantly along the Rhone till 
it reached the Alps, and did not, according to the hypothesis of 
many modem writers, turn off to ascend the Isere. 

§ Lib. iii. c. 39. 



TO THE FOOT OF THfi AtPS. 39 

senres that he is correct in his reckoning) because 
the Romans have carefblly m^tsured and marked 
it at every 8 stadia. It is evident from this, that 
he wishes us to understand that the army marched 
along that track which was afterwards the gredt 
Roman road from Emporium to Nimes. This 
road, according to IV Anville, crossed the P3nrenee« 
at Bellegarde, and turning to the right to Ehie 
(Illiberis) passed through Perpignan, Narbonne, 
Beziers, a little to the north of Montpellier, Pont 
d'Ambrois, and Nimes, varying very little from 
the present great road. At Nimes (Nemausus) 
the Roman road divided into two parts, of which 
one went southerly to Aries, and the other east to 
Tarascon. M. De Luc conceives the army to have 
marched N. E. froiti Nimes, and to have arrived 
at the Rhone, and effected their passage a little 
above the town of Roquemaure, on a spot where, 
according to M. Martin de Bagnols, a very ancient 
passage of the river called L'Ardoise formerly ex- 
isted.* The Comte Fortia d'Urban, who has 

* M< Martin de Bagnol^ in a memoir inserted in the Travaux 
de TAcademie du Gard^ 1811^ fixes the spot^ from personal 
observations^ a league above Roquemaure; in this he agrees 
perfectly with M. De Luc, who had not, however, seen Mr. M's 
Work when he decided upon the sane spot In ^e mardh 
ftam the passage of the Rhone to his arHval at the Isere^ 
Hannibal proceeded at the rate of 20 nnks a day, but he had 
only his cavalry and elephants with him. Vegetius seems to 
state the Roman day's march at 20 miles, the modem average is 
14 or 15.— De Re MHUari, c 9. 



40 THE SPOT WHERE THE 

lately published a small tract upon this subject, 
agrees with , M. De Luc, and cites D' Anville and 
Rollin, together with M. de Manckjors, in support 
of his opinion. Various other authorities migbt 
be quoted, but it will be more satis&ctory to mex^ 
tion M. De Luc's principal arguments, which ap- 
pear to be conclusive on the subject. 

In the first place, then, the situaticm is pointed 
out with great exactness by its distance from the 
v^oc, or Insula Allobrogum, which is formed l^ 
the Isere and the Rhone. 

From the passage of the Rhone to the arrival of 
the army at the vn<rog, Polybius reckons 7^ miles^ 
for the whole distance to the foot of the Alps from 
the passage of the river being 1400 stadia or 17^ 
miles, and ijj^e march along the river after entering 
the v7i<roc, being 100,* there remain 75 between the 
passage and the Isere. Now Roquemaure is at 
precisely that distance from Port Tlsere. Again, 
it is pointed out by the distance from the sea» 
which Polybius calls foiu* (kys* march.t Supposing 
a da3r*s march to be fixed at 15 miles, which is a 
fair average, (for although we shall find that the 
Carthaginian army did not generally exceed 12 
miles a day, yet an army unincumbered with bag- 
gage would be fully able to perform 15,) this would 
give us a distance of 60 miles to the sea. From 
Roquemaure to the present eastern mouth of the 

♦ C. 49. t C. 42. 



ARMY PA8SBD THE RHONE. 41 

Rhone, along the river, there are 64 miles, and it 
is supposed that the land has gained considerably 
on the sea in this quarter. M. De Luc on this 
account has looked for some high spot close to the 
sea, which might be taken as a permanent land 
mark, and this he thinks he has found in the vilhge 
of Foz, a little to the east of the eastern mouth of 
the river. This village stands upon the first rising 
ground that boimds the great extent of flat coimtry 
in the immediate vicinity of the mouths of the 
Rhone, all which coimtry has been at some time or 
other overflowed. The mouths themselves have 
evidently varied considerably, and therefore M. De 
Luc is justified in fixing upon the first emin^ice 
out of the influence either of the river or erf the 
sea. From Foz to Roquemaure the distance is not 
quite 60 miles ; and it is observable that Polybius 
uses the word a)(j^ov, almost four days* march. 
Such is M. De Luc*s opinion, and it is entitled to 
great weight j but D'Anville,* in two very elaborate 
articles on the mouths of the Rhone, looks upon 
Foz as the extremity of the Fossa Mariana, a canal 
made by Marius to avoid the difficulties which ships 
generally experienced at the neighbouring mouth 
of the river, from the acciunulation of mud and 
sand. 

The eastern mouth is, according to the Itine- 



* D'Anville^ Notice de la Gaule^ Art Fossa Mariana, and 
Ost Rhodani. 



42 TH£ PLACE WHKRE THE 

rarieS) 16 miles to the west of Foz, and 30 mileB 
j6x)m Aries ^ from that town to RoquemMre in a 
straight Une there are hardly 30 miles, but if you 
follow the river there are about 35. This would 
make rather more than the four days' march at 
15 miles a day : but Polybius in mentioning that 
distance speaks loosely ; and as the ^5 miles from 
the Isere is a definite number^ we may be gidded 
absolutely by tliat, and be content witli finding, 
which we do both by M. De Luc and by D'An* 
viUe, that Roquemaure is about four days' march 
from the sea. If we measure in a straight line the 
distance, we have about 54 miles, and these dis<^ 
tances prove at least that no objection can be made 
to Roquemaure on accoimt of its not fulfilling the 
condition of the passage being four days' march 
from the sea. 

But another circumstance which tends to fix the 
passage at this place, is that of the river flowing 
here in a single stream ; the expression of PcriybiuS; 
is nirXri pwig. Now the Rhone flows in this 
manner, uninterrupted by islands from Caderousse 
to Roquemaure, a distance of nearly a league j and, 
with the exception of a similar stream immediately 
below the island at Roquemaure, though for a much 
shorter distance, this circumstance does not occur 
for many miles up or down the river. 

Again, the situation tallies also extremely well 
with the determination that Hannibal had taken, 
of leaving the sea behind him, and marching along 



ARMY PASSED TH£ JIHONE. 43 

the Rhone as if he was going to its source. For a 
little above Boquemaure the river makes a bend to 
the eastward^ and directly crosses the line of march 
from Nimes to the sources of tiie Rhone ; suppos- 
ing that he marched directly to the source. And 
had he crossed the river below its junction with 
the Durance, he would have thrown himself &r too 
much to the southward^ and would have had that 
river to cross after his passage of the Rhone. Its 
liability to inundation, and the great breadth and 
instability of its bed, would have added considera- 
bly to his difficulties.* It is easy too to understand, 
how the convenience o£ having a single stream to 
cross instead of one intersected by islands, would 
influence the choice of the spot in question in pre- 
fer^ice to any other. There is certainly a long 
tract of single stream in the river, after its junction 
with the Durance ; but we have akeady given suf- 
ficient reasons for his not crossing below that 
point. 

Finally, the distance from Emporium to Roque- 
maure agrees almost exactly with the 200 miles or 

♦ Oomte Fortia d'Urban, who agrees with M. De Luc on this 
point, lays much stress upon the existence of an old town called 
Ck>urthe30D> immediately opposite to Roquemaure^ and upon 
the high road from Avignon to Lyons. *' Courthezon dont le 
'* nom est a-peu-pr^s le meme que le nom Grec de Carthage. 
^' II est vraisemblable qu'il (Annibal) y sejouma^ et que c'est ce 
*' qui a valu cette d^omination a cette ancienne ville." This, 
however, is aonewifaat fiaidf ul. 



44 MARCH OF THE ARHT 

1600 Stadia which are reckoned by Polybius be- 
tween the first of these points and the passage of 
the river. For according to the Itineraries there 
are I76 miles from Emporium to Nimes,* and 28 
in a straight line from Nimes to Roquemaure, 
making a total of 204» which is as dose an approxi- 
mation as we can reasonably expect to find. We 
are confirmed in this opinion, by the authority of 
Bonaparte, who in his memoirs, vol. 2. p. 151, 
places the passage near Orange, below the ArdSche, 
and above the Durance. 

.We have been particular in fixing the exact spot 
of the passage of the river, as it is from liience 
that the succeeding calculations will be made, and 
having once obtained an accurate point, we shall 
have Utile diflSculty in proceeding. The manner 
in which the passage itself was efiected will be seen 
at large in Polybius,t and the description is so ad- 
mirably given, that it would be impossible to retain 
the spirit of it in an abridgment. M. De Luc 
places the island where Hanno passed with his de- 
tachment a little above the Pont St. Esprit, and 
opposite the village of La Palud, 25 miles from 
Roquemaure. The Rhone however is so frill of 
islands above Caderousse, that it is difficult to fix 
on the precise spot, nor is it indeed material. 

It was on the fifth day from their arrival at the 
Rhone that the army (with the exception of the 

♦ Vide Appendix. t Polyb. lib. liL c 43. 



X 



AFTER THE PASSAGE. 45 

elephants) passed over, and on the sixth Hannibal 
dispatched 500 Numidian horse towards the mouth 
of the river, in order to obtain some information 
respecting the Roman army. On the same day 
Magilus and the other chiefs of the country 
about the Po were introduced to the army, and the 
final intentions of the general were declared : and 
in die evening of the same day the Numidians re- 
turned, pursued by the Roman cavalry, who after 
examining the camp, went back id all haste to Pub- 
lius. On liie seventh day the infantry were 
ordered on their march up the Rhone, and the 
same day, and probably the succeeding one, were 
employed in bringing over the elephants* On the 
ninth day Hannibal himself followed the infantry 
with the cavalry and elephants, and in three days 
after his departure the Roman consul arrived at the 
place from whence he had set out. This allows six 
days for the return of the Roman cavalry with the 
account of the passage of the river by the Cartha- 
ginians, smdfor Publius's own march after receiving 
the information. It is expressly stated by Polybius,* 
that he (Publius) as well as his cavalry made all 
possible haste, which will account for doing in six 
days the work of eight. We shall proceed in the 
next chapter to examine the road taken from the 
passage of the river to the foot of the Alps. 

♦ C. 45. 



( 46 ) 



CHAP. IIL 

MARCH rAQM THE PLACE WHERE THE ARMY PASSED 
THE RHONE TO THE FOOT OF THE ALPS. DESCRIP- 
TION OF THE ISLAND. 

Having ascertained in the preceding chapter 
the jdace where Hannibal crossed the Rhone, we 
shall begin the present with an abstract of the 
march from the passage to the foot of the Alps, as 
related by Polybius.* He led his army from the 
sea along the river towards its source ; and having 
marched for four days, he came to a country called 
the vn<f(y^ or island, formed by the Rhone and 
the Isere oo two sides, and the Alps, which are al- 
most inaccessible, on the third; for this country 
ia very similar both in shape and size to the Delta 
in Egypt. Here he found two brothers contending 
fiwr the sovereignty of the country, and having 
joined the ddest, and placed him in possession of 
the throne, he proceeded along the river 800 stadia, 
(100 miles,) in ten days, and arrived at the very foot 
of the Alps. During this time, the brother whom 
he had assisted was of the greatest use to him in 

* L. 3. c. 47* et. seq. 



J 



DIRECTION OF THE ARMT* 4^7 

supplying the army with provisions, with shoes, 
and with am^, as wdl as in protecting the rear 
&<Hn the attach of the Gauls, who w^e called the 
Aliolxroges ; and while he traversed the 4at 
country, these Allobroges, partly from fear of his 
own cavalry, and partly from fear of his escort, 
abstained from attacking hun. When however his 
friends had left him, and he was arrived at the foot 
of the Alps, these barbarians occupied the heists 
sod tibbe passage, through whkh he must of ne- 
cessity no^srcfa, in great: numbers, and compelled 
Hannlbai to encamp in their front. 

Such is the short statement of the proceedings 
of the army as &r as the foot of the Alps, a. dfe- 
tance <rfl400 stadia, or 175 miles ; and here we can- 
not possiUy be mistaken in the directicm that we are 
to take, and the road that we are to folbw, as we 
are expressly told, that the mardi was aior^ the 
Twer, trapa rov irora/nov, leaving the sea behind.. It is 
important however here to remajHk upon an inaceu^ 
racy of Polybius with respect to the general course 
of the Rhone, from its source, to its junctioiv 
with the sea» 

It will be seen, on reference to the forty-seventh 
dmpter, that be describes the river as keeping cMne 
uniform direction from N. £. to S* W. and that he 
mmkes no) mention whatever of the angle formed at 
Lyoiis. Nor isthis^ much to be wondered at, when^ 
we consider the ignorance of the ancients as to 
those parts of practical geography in which we 



48 ARRIVAL AT THE ISLAND. 

Jbave made such progress, as well as their total 
want of instruments to assist them in the mea- 
surement of angles. Erom its source to its mouth, 
the river, if it flowed in a strai^t course, 
would certainly flow from N. E. to S. W. and 
with the exception of this error, it is clear 
from his description that our author must have 
been well acquainted with its general character. 
To return. 

Having put himself at the head of the cavalry and 
dephants, Hannibal marched up the river for four 
successive days, till he arrived at the Island or 
vriao^f a distance of 75 miles, (since from the Island 
to the Alps there are 100 miles,) and at the rate 
of neariy nineteen mUes a day- this average is 
much beyond the usual one, as will appear here- 
after. The infantry had two days advance, and he 
joined them at the Isere, since it was there that 
he found the brothers. This would give twdve 
miles and a half a day for that part of the army, 
and as the baggage would be sent with them, the 
cavalry might perform nineteen miles without great 
diflSculty, especially after the halt which had been 
made on the banks of the Rhone. The description 
of the island, at which the army arrived on the fourth 
day, is too clearly given to admit of any rational 
doubt, as to its situation ;t for we are told that it was 
vefy populous^ voXvoyXocy and fertile in com ; similar 

♦ C. 60. t c. 49, 



J 



DESCRIPTION OF THE ISLAND. 49 

in size, as well as figure, to the Delta, formed by 
the Rhone and Isere on two sides, and by inacces^ 
sible mountains on the third. In examining the 
Island on the map, we must bear in mind Poly- 
bius's previous account of the general direction 
of the Rhone, and if we omit the angle which it 
really forms at Lyons, We shall have an island nearly 
resembUng the Delta both in size and form.* 

The country is at present particularly well cal- 
culated for com, and extremely populous. The 
comparison which Polybius draws between it and 
the Delta may be easUy accounted for by his 
personal knowledge of the latter, from his having 
been employed in Egypt, during his father's em- 
bassy to Ptolemy Epiphanes. It is fortunate also 
for our purpose, that he should have been able to 
make use of so accurate an illustration, as the coin- 
cidence of size which he expressly mentions wiU 
prevent the possibility of any mistake, as to the 
actual position of the Island at which Hannibal 
arrived on the fi>urth day of his march. The moun- 
tains of which our author speaks, as inclosing the 
third side, begin at the northern extremity of the 
Lac du Bourget, and run in a southerly direction 

♦ The length of the Delta from N. to S. is about 90 English 
miles^ and its breadth^ from Rosetta to Damietta^ about 70. 
Prom Lyons to Port Tlsere there is a iiistance of about 70 
miles^ and the same along the river from Lyons to the Mont du 
Chat. From Port de I'lsere to Grenoble 60 miles^ and from 
Yenne to Grenoble^ in a straight line^ 40 miles. 

£ 



50 DESCRIPTION OF THE MOUNTAINS 

to the Guiers-vif, which they jom between the 
Pont de Beauvoisin and the Echelles, From hence 
to the south they form a sort of bason, as will be 
seen by the map, running first S, E. to the Fort 
Barraux, and the opening of the valley of the 
Gresivaudan ; then S. W. along that valley to 
Grenoble ; thence N. W, to Voreppe and Voiron ; 
and then North, joining the first chain at the P6nt 
de Beauvoisin. Within this bason stands the 
convent of the Grande Chartreuse. This chain 
fiDTms the first step or Im^e of the Alps. It is 
divided at the Fort de Barraux by the Isere fi-om 
the great ridge that runs from the Mount Genis, 
along the Maurienne and the valley of the Arc. 
The Mont du Chat, or northern part of it, is not 
so high as the Jura ; but to the south, and in the 
neighbourhood of the Grande Chartreuse, the height 
is much more considerable. The passages through 
this chain will be pointed out hereafter ; it will 
here be sufiicient to give a general idea of the 
island as it now. appears. The. waters flow for 
the most part from E. to W. and fall into the Rhone 
between Lyons and Port PIsere ; each stream flows 
in a flat valley, and the hills which separate them 
are very low, and towards the north the country is 
quite flat. Aft;er passing Bourgoin upon the high 
road from Lyons to Chambery the features are 
bolder, and the hills rise more and more, till we 
arrive at the Guiers-vif, and the foot of the chain 
of mountains already referred to. The whole 



WHICH SURROUND THE ISLAND. 51 

country is extremiely well cultivated, though sub- 
ject to occasional inundations iii the valleys, very 
populous, and, towards the eastern part, very 
picturesque, being well wooded, and some of the 
trees remarkably fine. It is extremely well calcu- 
lated to support an army. 

It may be proper to offer a few remarks, in this 
place, upon the opinion which has been generally 
adopted by some of the later French writers on this 
subject, that the army on arriving at the Isere did 
not cross that river, but marched up its left or 
southern bank as far as the mouth of the Arc, 
according to some, or as far as the mouth of the 
Drac, according to others. The reasons given for 
this movement are the difficulty of crossing the 
Isere at its mouth, and the total silence of Polybius 
upon so important an operation. But, however 
difficult it might have been to have crossed the 
river, I apprehend that infinitely greater difficulty 
would have been e'xperienced in marching up its 
southern bank, as the defiles in the neighbourhood 
of Grenoble are so narrow, and the mountains of 
Dauphiny plunge so perpendicularly into the river, 
that it would be quite impossible to carry cavalry 
and elephants by that line. Again : Polybius, in 
his enumeration of distances, reckons 1400 stadia 
from the passage of the Rhone, ahng the rivers to 
the ascent of the Alps, meaning of course along the 
same river, and not a different one. But there is 
another passage in the 47th chapter, which not only 

E 2 



52 PASSAGE OF THE ISERE DISCUSSED. 

confirms what has been akeady advanced, but 
which also appears to point out, in a remarkable 
manner, the exact spot where Hannibal began his 
first ascent of the Alps. Polybius, in this passage, 
after sajdng that the Alps take their rise near 
Marseilles, and stretch as far as the Adriatic Gulf, 

continues: — ag roff vircp^pagy 'Avvi^aq airo ruiv 
Kara rov 'PoSavov tottciiv, cvl/BaXcv uq 'IraXcav, ** whlch 

mountains, Hannibal having crossed in the part 
where they touch upon the Rhone, entered 
Italy.*'* This part of the Alps, with refer- 
ence to the known passages, can only be at Mar- 
tigny, at the foot of the Great St. Bernard, 
or at St. Genis d*Aouste, at the beginning of 
the Mont du Chat, and of the road leading to 
the Little St. Bernard ; but the first of these pas- 
sages, according to Strabo, was unknown to Po- 
lybius, and does not agree in any point with 
his description ^ or with his distances, so that the 
opinion respecting the latter is proved almost to 
demonstration. 

The manifest error, contained in some editions of 
Polybius, of ''Apapoc, instead of 'I^apac, has been cor- 
rected by Schweighaeuser. In the older editions it 
is 2/cwpac : and M. De Luc assures us,t that General 
Melville, when at Rome, consulted an ancient MS. 
of Polybius, ,in the Vatican, in which he found the 

* Polybius uses in another place, A (^ota^a, xad' n^^^; — -the 
sea that touches our coasts, 
t De Luc, p. 71- 



J 



MARCH ACROSS THE ISLAND. 53 

ward 'laapag. Polybius says, also, that the two rivers 
which flow from the Island, flow from difierent 
Alps ; this agrees with the Rhone and the Isere, 
but not with the Saone, which does not take its 
rise in the Alps at all.* It is also worth notice, that 
in an old MS. of Livy, which M. de Mandajors saw 
at Trinity College, Cambridge, the word Bisarar 
was written in the 21st book, chapter 31, in the 
passage which relates to this island, and where 
Arar is generally read. Through this country 
then we have to march 100 miles along the river, 
till we reach the foot of the Alps : and here a dif- 
ficulty presents itself ; for in keeping constantly on 
the banks of the river, the 100 miles would be 
expended at that part of the Rhone where the 
Bourbe on the S. and the Ain on the N. throw 
themselves into it, and where the country is en- 
tirely flat. We must, however, remember, that 
Polybius was ignorant of the angle made by the 
Rhone at Lyons ; and we cannot help seeing, that 
a march conducted the whole way along the river 
from Port I'Isere to Yenne, where the Alps begin, 
would have caused the army to have gone over 
almost twice as much ground as they would have^ 
traversed if they had struck across the flat country 
of the Island, and avoided by that means the angle 
of Lyons. We must therefore take the expression 
of " along the river** in this place in an enlarged 

* Hist de la Gaule Narbonnaise^ Paris 1733^ p. 521. 



54 MARCH ACROSS THE ISLAND* 

sense, and suppose that the prince, who accom- 
panied Hannibal, led him by the shortest road to 
the Alps. M. De Luc is of opinion, that they 
quitted the Rhone at Vienne, and rejoined it at St. 
Genis, on the spot where the Guiers-vif falls into it, 
and that they followed the road which was after- 
wards converted into a Roman one, that is, from 
Vienne to Bourgoin (Bergusium) and Augusta, now 
Aouste, to Etanna, now Yenne ; and he is con- 
firmed in this opinion, as the distance from Port 
de I'Isere by the Roman road to Vienne, and 
thence to Etanna, is 97 miles, and it is only at 
Etanna that we leave the Rhone altogether. Was 
Vienne, then, the capital of the country for which 
the brothers were contending ? M. De Luc is of 
opinion, and I think with sufficient reason, that it 
was. Polybius gives us no data as to distances with 
respect to this capital ; but the prince whom Han- 
nibal assisted must have been master of no small 
territory, since he was able to supply the Cartha- 
ginian army with arms and provisions to such an 
extent.* Vienne, according to D'Anville, was 
one of the most considerable towns of the Allo- 
broges. Strabo says, that the chidf men of that 
nation having assembled there, had founded a 
city, the rest of the people being dispersed n the 
villages. Ptolemy also mentions this town as 
being the only considerable one among the 

* Notice de la Gaule^ art. Vienne. 



n 



DESCRIPTION OF VIENNE. 55 

Allobroges ; and Polybius himself talks of the bro- 
thers as contending vTTcp rnciSaaiXeiac, which implies a 
much higher command than the Kara /xipog i^ye/uovec, 
whom he mentions afterwards on the arrival of the 
army at the foot of the Alps. General Melville was 
of opinion, that the army turned off at St. Ram- 
bert, and crossed the first chain of Alps at the 
Echelles, without ever rejoining the Rhone ; but 
this march would not at all agree with the dis- 
tances laid down by Polybius ; while, by leaving the 
river at Vienne, and rejoining at St. Genis, we 
unite as much as possible the distances, and the 
march along the river, which would in any other 
manner be incompatible with each other. The 
situation of Vienne is extremely strong, being 
placed at an angle of the river, and protected by 
some heights, which almost entirely surround it. 
There are here abundance of Roman antiquities, 
an amphitheatre, a triumphal arch, and a temple, 
resembling the Maison Quarr^e at Nimes. The 
old town was much more considerable than the 
modem one ; extending itself on the plain on the 
western side of the river, and having a bridge 
across, which is now destroyed. It will be seen 
by the map, that the river makes a turn to the 
east before it arrives at Vienne and as there is a 
range of hills which prevent any road from follow- 
ing its banks to the north, it is probable, that the 
army would on this spot turn off to the east, and 
cross the flat country. Jean Chorier, who has 



« 
it 



66 ROMAN ROAD FROM VIENNE. 

written on the antiquities of Vienne, which he calls 
the metropolis of the Allobroges, says, " Les 
" Gaulois, dont les Allobroges ^toient une illustre 
" partie, ont paru souvent avec honneur dans 
" les armies des Carthaginois, toujours composees 
" d'^trangers. Annibal et son fr^re Asdrubal 
" ay ant pris leur route par TAllobrogie, pom- 
passer en Italic, y firent de nouvelles levees. 
Us grossirent leurs armees et peut-^tre laiss^rent 
" dans Vienne, qui etoit la M6tropole de ce 
" peuple, quelques-uns de leurs Capitaines, pour 
" maintenir par leur presence la bonne intelli^ 
" gence de cette nation avec la leur. Ce pays 
" 6toit si connu des Carthaginois du terns m6me 
" d' Alexandre que le nom de Rh6ne fiit impost 
" par eux k Amilcar pour gratifier notre nation.*" 
M. De Luc is of opinion, that the Roman road 
from Vienne to the Mont du Chat, was constructed 
by Domitius ^nobarbus, in the year of Rome 631. 
This fact, if proved, would be important, because 
it would suppose a previous road to have existed in 
the same direction ; but it does not appear certain 
that this was the exact road made after the Roman 
manner by Domitius, though it is very probable, 
for it was after his conquest of the Allobroges and 



* In the Guide de Tfimpire (an account of France, now in 
course of publication,) mention is made of a strong tradition at 
St Vallier, that Hannibal passed through it on his march over 
the Alps. 



SILVER TABLET FOUND AT PASSAGE. 57 

the Arvemi that it was made. Be that as it may, 
the distances authorize us to conclude, that 
the army marched in this direction ; and this 
opinion is confirmed, by a discovery which was 
made in the village of Passage, a little to the south 
of La Tour du Pin, and not above half a mile from 
the present great road from Lyons to Chambery. 
In the year 1714, a farmer of that village struck 
his plough against a large piece of rock, under 
which he found, after much labour, a round plate 
of silver, twenty-seven inches in diameter. This 
was deposited in the King^s Library at Paris, where 
it now is, and where we saw it in the autumn of the 
year 1819. The surface. is fluted, except in the 
centre, where is represented a lion under a palm 
tree, below which, is the leg and hoof of a goat. 
The exact resemblance which the lion and palm 
tree bear to all acknowledged Carthaginian 
medals, together with the singularity of the en- 
graving, which^ is not in lines or in relief, accord- 
ing to the Roman manner, but in little points, 
render it very probable that this plate was a 
votive tablet, placed in that spot either by Han- 
nibal himself, or by some Carthaginian general, 
who followed him on that road with xeinforce- 
ments, and who would follow his steps exactly j 
for it is remarkable, that the army never appear 
to have been led out of their way, and although 
they were oft^n attacked by the treachery of their 
guides, they never appear to have been deceived 



58 ARRIVAL AT THE FOOT 

or misled in the road itself* It will be seen, from 
the article on this subject inserted in the Appen- 
dix, that there was an old tradition in the country, 
that the name of Passage was derived from the 
march of the Carthaginians by that way. The 
situation of the village itself renders it not im- 
probable that the tablet was deposited here as a 
votive offering. It stands on a long and high hill, 
from which you first discov^ the whole chain of 
Alps that close the Island. You come at once in 
sight of them, from their very base, and few views 
can be more striking, as they appear to oppose 
here an insurmountable obstacle to any ftirther 
progress. If Hannibal came by this road, it would 
be on this spot that he would first have his full 
and complete view of the barriers of Italy ; and 
as Polybius has said once or twice, that he was 
accustomed to sacrifice on great occasions, it is 
not unreasonable to suppose that he would do so 
here. The* Roman road from Vienne to Cham- 
bery passed through Lavisco : now, supposing 
Lavisco to be Chevelu, (a village at the foot of 
the Mont du Chat,) a fact which the relative dis- 
tances from Chamberry and Aouste will suflS- 
ciently prove, we shall have ninety-eight miles 
from Port de I'Isere to Chevelu at the entrance of 
the passage over the Mont du Chat. This dis- 
tance agrees as well with Polybius as it is possible 
to wish, and we may encamp the army between 
that village and the others, at the foot of the moun- 



OF THE MONT DV CHAT. 59 

tain, at the end of the tenth day from the passage 
of the Isere, and the fourteenth from Hannibal's 
leaving the place where he had passed the Rhone. 
M. De Luc, whose general accuracy and research 
cannot be too much praised, has fallen into an error 
in conducting the army from St. Genis along the 
banks of the Rhone by La Balme to Yenne.* This 
has been caused by his not having himself examined 
the ground, and from his supposing that the Roman 
road to Chambery from Aouste passed through 
Etanna or Yenne, whereas that road left Etanna to 
the left, and passed through Lavisco. There was 
however a road passing through Yenne which led 
from Aouste to Geneva. On our arrival at St. 
Genis, we followed M. De Luc's road along the 
river to La Balme ; up to this place, though very 
closely pressed by a high hill on the right, the pas- 
sage might be practicable ; but at La Balme the 
river is confined on both sides between two high 
rocks, which continue nearly to Yenne, and though 
the road is now very practicable, having been made 
in modem times with gunpowder, it would have 
been quite impossible to have passed that way 
formerly. It became therefore necessary to look 
for another passage ; and we were convinced, upon 
inquiry and from observation, that the old road had 
passed by St. Maurice, at the back of the hill 
which flanks tlie modan road dose to the river » 

* De Luc, p. 76. 



60 ROAD OF THE MONT DU CHAT. 

This way by St. Maurice is now not much fre- 
quented, as it is very hilly, and intersected by 
several torrents, which (as the soil is extremely 
soft) have worn themselves deep beds, which in- 
crease every year. The torrents are all parallel to 
the chain of the Mont du Chat, and fall into the 
Rhone at Yenne. The passage of that river, be- 
tween two almost perpendicular rocks, of great 
height, for a distance of about two miles from La 
Balme to Yenne, is very magnificent. On the 
French side is a fort called Pierre Chatel, from 
which the view is beautifrd, as it commands the 
river to a great extent. 

The Prince of the Allobroges, who accompanied 
the army, probably left them at Aouste, where the 
Guiers-vif falls into the Rhone, and where the flat 
country of the Island ends : for Polybius seems to 
confine his attendance to the plains ; so that from 
hence they were to proceed, accompanied only by 
those guides from the plains of the Po, who had 
crossed the mountains in order to ask for their 
assistance, and by such others as they might obtain 
in the country, or who had perhaps been left with 
them by the Prince, when he returned to his own 
territories. With these guides the army proceeded 
to the passage of Mont du Chat. In the next 
chapter we shall give an account of the different 
passages which lead out of the Island over those 
mountains which form, according to Polybius, the 
third side of it, and shall conclude the present 



EXTRACTS^ FROM JOURNAL* 61 

Ohe with some extracts from notes taken on the 
spot. 

August 19> 1819* From Vienlie to Bourgoin the 
road runs along a broad valley with low flat hills, a 
raised causeway, probably the remains of the Roman 
way. At Septeme, (ad Septimum,) 7 miles from 
Vienne, country quite open ; pass Otier (Octa- 
vum) to Dieme, (Decimum,) very well cultivated, 
clover, com, fine walnut trees, lucerne, turnips, 
ftdl of farm houses ; before Bourgoin, small round 
lulls of sand stone. To the north, high hills, under 
which the Rhone runs, so that its course is very 
visible. At Bourgoin, join the great road from 
Lyons to Chambery, to Tour du Pin. Passage, on 
the right, from hence a magnificent view of the 
Alps, shutting in the vr\aoQ. To Aouste, country 
bolder, hills more prolonged; at Aouste, (Augusta 
Allobrogum, ) several Roman remains. The Guiers- 
vif runs through it, and divides France from Savoy. 
The hills on the other side of the Rhone, which is 
about half a mile from Aouste, very high ; from 
Aouste cross the Guiers-vif to St. Genis ; from 
hence two roads to Yenne ; one close to the river, a 
good and modem one ; the other by St. Maurice, 
at the back of the hills which confine the other. 
The Austrians, in coming from Savoy into France 
in 1815, took the latter, as the French commanded 
the modeHi road from Pierre Chatel. Yenne in 
a small plain, very rich ; Rhone flowing close to 



62 EXTRACTS FROM JOURNAL. 

it. The old Yenne, or Etanna, now destroyed, 
about a mile E. S. E. from it. Several Roman re- 
mains here, and a beautiful view of the Rhone and 
surrounding country. The Mont du Chat passage, 
E. by N. very high. 



( 63 ) 



CHAP. IV. 

ACCOUNT OF THE DIFFERENT PASSAGES OVER THE 
MOUNTAINS WHICH INCLOSE THE ISLAND. MONT 
DU CHAT DESCRIBED — PASSAGE OF THE ARMY 
OVER IT, AND ARRIVAL IN THE PLAIN OF CHAM- 
BERY. 

We are to begin this chapter with an examina** 
tion of the passages from the Island over the first 
chain of the Alps, in order to shew that we are 
justified in taking the army by the Mont du Chat ;* 
which, although not absolutely the ahortest way» 
was certainly the earUest as well as the most fre* 
quented. The passages at the present day are, 
first, by Moirans to Voreppe and Grenoble, and 
thence up the Isere, by the valley of the Gresi- 
vaudan, to Montmeillan: second, the great post 
road from the Pont de Beauvoisin, by Les Echellesy 
to Chambery: thirds the road of Aiguebellette, 

* While the description which Polybius gjives of the chain of 
mountains, which closed the third side of the yii<ro;, agrees admir-* 
ably with the rugged barrier that extends firom Grenoble to the 
Rhone, the expressicm <rx^^of, u^ sUrtXv, oLv^6a-m, evidently points 
out a passage through it. Lib. iii. c. 49. 



64« DESCRII»TION OF THE DIFFERENT 

which passes through that place, to the south of the 
lake of that name, to Chambery : fourth, the pas- 
sage of the Mont de TEpine, by Novalese, which 
runs under the end of the highest crest of the Mont 
du Chat, and leads equally to Chambery : and, 
lastly, the passage of the Mont du Chat itself. By 
one of these it was necessary that Hannibal should 
pass, for if he had gone over the Rhone to the 
north, Polybius would have stated it ; and such a 
step would have carried him entirely out of his way, 
and thrown him into that most mountainous and 
difficult country above Belley ; if he had not 
crossed the Rhone, but continued along its banks, 
he woiild have been equally too much to the north, 
and entangled in the country round Annecy, across 
which no road exists from west to east. I return, 
therefore, to the five passages above mentioned; 
and of these the one to the southward, although a 
Roman road, could not have been the one alluded 
to by Polybius, since if the army had intended to 
have taken this way, they would certainly not have 
marched 100 miles along the Rhone, but woiild 
have kept by the side of the Isere.* The passage 
of the Echelles was only made in I67O, by Charles 
Emanuel, the second Duke of Savoy ; and before 
his time it was passed by ^ladders, and is conse- 

* The rocks also on the northern bank of the Isere came 
formerly so close to the river, that it would have been impos- 
sible to have turned them, so that the troops must have crossed 
the river, which is there very deep. 



PASSAGES OVER THE MOUNTAINS. 65 

quently out of the question.* The two next, by 
Aiguebellette and Novalese, pass directly over the 
crest of the mountains ; they are very seldom used, 
and are only practicable for mules, being very 
Uttle more than footpaths ; the southern one, by 
Aiguebellette, comes from the Pont de Beauvoisin, 
and is therefore hardly near enough to the Rhone ; 
but the Novalese road begins at St. Genis, and so 
fulfils that condition. It does not, however, 
approach so near to the distance of 800 stadia as 
the road by the Mont du Chat, since it is about 10 
miles nearer. Now though D'Anville,t in his 
Notice de la Gaule, article Lavisco, calls this road 
by Novalese, the Roman road from Aouste to 
Chambery, yet he was certainly mistaken in this 
particular. From the article in question it is evi- 
dent that he was ignorant of the existence of the 
passage by the Mont du Chat ; for in treating of 
Lavisco itself, which, in the Itineraries, is placed, 
according to his own account, at 14 miles from 
Augusta Allobrogum, (Aouste), and 14 from 
Lemincum, (Chambery), altogether 28 miles from 
Aouste to Chambery, he is very much at a loss 
where to place it. The distance by the only road 
with which he was acquainted, that of Novalese,' 

* This road has been since very much improved by cutting 
a gallery through the rock, which formerly closed the passage i 
the work was begun by Bonaparte, and finished by the late 
King of Sardinia. 

t D'Anville, Gaule, art. Lavisco. 



.«# 



66 DESCRIPTION OF THE PASSAGE 

being not more than 17 miles instead of 28, he is 
reduced to the necessity of supposing an error in 
the Itineraries, and instead of 14 miles, to read 
8, i. e. a V for an X. But if we go by the Mont du 
Chat, there is 9b necessity to alter the Itineraries 
at all, for by this road the distance from Chambery 
to Aouste, will be as nearly as possible 28 miles, 
and the village of Chevelu, at the western foot of 
the pass, will be equidistant from both places. 
The distance from each place to Chevelu was, bs 
nearly as we could judge from the time employed 
in performing it, 14 miles, and there are some v«y 
old remains at Chevelu which appear to be Roman 
buildings. 

From the Itineraries alone then, unsupported by 
any other circumstances, we may fairly conclude, 
that the fifth and last passage, that by the Mont du 
Chat, was the Roman road ; but this opinion will 
be very much strengthened by an account of the 
present state of the road itself. The Mont du Chat 
extends almost directly north from the Mont de 
PEpine at its southern extremity, about 6 miles to 
the passage in question; beyond this passage it 
runs still to the north for about 5 miles more, to the 
channel by which the waters of the Lac du Bourget 
are discharged into the Rhone. It is impossible 
to turn the mountain at this end, because it falls so 
perpendicularly into the Lake, that from Haute- 
combe to Bordeaux there is not a footpath, and one 
cannot even land upon it from a boat. To a person 



J 



OF THE MONT DU CHAT. 67 

standing in the plain below this chain^ at Yenne for 
instance, the Chevelu passage appears to be the 
only one by which the mountain can be crossed, 
for the intermediate part between Chevelu and the 
Mont de TEpine is very high, and so perpendicular, 
as to be quite inaccessible. The Mont de TEpine 
itself appears very rugged, and difficult of access, 
consisting of a great assemblage of naked rocks, 
forming altogether a pass of great breadth, which 
it would be the object of an invading army to avoid. 
The Chevelu pass, on the other hand, being much 
lower than any other part of the mountain, presents 
every appearance of facility ; it bends inwards to 
the east in a half circle, and the road rises very 
gradually to the top : a small stream, which rises 
out of a Uttle lake about half way up the mountain, 
runs very slowly down its side, and all the features 
of the place agree with the expression used by 
Polybius of evKaipoi TOTToi, through which alone the 
army could pass. From the village of Chevelu, 
which is at the foot of the steepest part of the 
ascent of the mountain, it is about two miles to the 
top. On leaving Chevelu we find the remains of 
a fort ; on the left, after this, the ascent is steeper. 
On the top of the mountain is a flat of about 300 
yards. The passage is divided into two parts by 
an immense rock of about 200 yards in length, and 
nearly half that space iii breadth ; the great road 
runs to the S. of it, the rock standing E. and W. 
and a smaller road fi-om some other villages runs on 

F 2 



68 DESCRIPTION OF THE PASSAGE 

the N. side, and joins the great road at the descent 
on the Lake of Bourget. The great road itself is 
by no means bad, and we passed it easily in a chftr 
drawn by two horses. The Austrians passed over 
it in force in 1815 with baggage atid artillery. The 
road on the top is covered with stones, which have 
formed part of a temple that stood here, and of 
which the foundation still exists, and is very easily 
traced. The stones are weU cut, many cornices 
being perfect, and we found the inscription which 
has given rise to the idea that the temple was 
dedicated to Mercury. From the summit the view 
is very fine. The Lac du Bourget is at your feet, 
and the rich valley in which Chambery stands, 
together with the magnificent chain of mountains 
that inclose the Isere. Lyons itself may be seen 
from the summit of the Mont du Chat, which is 
however considerably higher than the passage. The 
great Iweadth of the road, the facility of the pass, 
the agreement of the position of Chevelu Avith the 
Lavisco of the Itineraries, and, above all, the tem- 
ple, sufficiently prove this to be the Roman way 5 
and if this pass were not in almost every way pre- 
ferable to that by the Mont de TEpine and Nova- 
lese, why should these latter roads be still nothing 
but mule tracks, when they certainly are much 
shorter than the former? ^e truth is, that the 
Chevelu passage is pointed out at once to the most 
superficial observer, by the extreme facility of its 
i^cent J while the others, from their great difficulty. 



OF THE MONT DU CHAT. G9 

have been always looked upon as almost imprac- 
ticable. If then it be clearly established, that the 
Chevelu pass was the Roman way, and since it con- 
tinued to be the great road into Savoy till the 
opening of the passage of the Echelles, we may 
fairly infer that it was the best and easiest, and 
therefore the fittest, for the Carthaginian army to 
take : especially if we find it agree, as it does in 
almost every particular, Avith the description of the 
passage by which they actually did penetrate, as 
given by Polybius ; and for the purpose of establish- 
ing this agreement, it will now be necessary to 
return to our author. 

We have said that the temple on the summit of 
the passage of the Mont du Chat was reported to 
be dedicated to Mercury. But the inscription 
itself hardly bears out this opinion. M. Albanis 
de Beaumont, in his description des Alpes Grec- 
ques, calls this mountain the Mons Thuates, but 
without giving his authority. Now Theut and 
Thait in Armoric are the names of the deity who 
presided over highways,* and who was much wor- 
shipped by the Gauls ; hence Caesar says, that the 
people principally worshipped Mercuiy, who had 
the same office among the Roman deities. The 
name therefore of Mons Thuates would argue a 
passage here of very high antiquity, and the temple, 

* Otho, de Diis Vialibus, c. iv. p. 57^ and Camden, p. 12^ 
Cxsar, de Bello Galileo, lib. 6. 



70 PASSAGE OF THE ARMY 

if really dedicated to Mercury, would tend strongly 
to the confirmation of this opinion. Let us now 
see how the passage agrees with the account given 
by Polybius. We left off our abstract of his ac- 
count at the place where Hannibal,* finding the 
passage occupied by the AUobroges, encamped at 
the foot of it. We are told, that, finding from his 
spies that the enemy abandoned their position in 
the night, and only returned to it in the morning, 
he occupied the pass during the night with his light 
troops, so that he was able to carry the rest of the 
army through, in the morning, as the AUobroges 
when they saw his position abstained from attacking 
him. When, however, they saw the extreme dif- 
ficulty with which the cavalry and beasts of bui'den 
extricated themselves from the bad road, they 
began an assault upon them, and that with so much 
success, that Hannibal was himself obliged to go 
to their assistance with his best troops. As he 
charged them from above, he succeeded at length 
in dispersing them, and immediately proceeded 
with all the men that he could collect to attack 
their chief town, which he took by assault, as the 
inhabitants had joined the AUobroges. Here he 
found great abundance of horses and beasts of 
burden, as weU as a supply of com and cattle fuUy 
sufficient for two or three days. So far Polybius : 
and it wiU be seen, on reference to the plan of the 

* C. 51. 



OVER THE MONT DV CHAT. 71 

passage, that the rock which we have aheady des- 
cribed, and which stands in the middle of the pass, 
would, if occupied by troops, render it impossible 
for an attacking force to penetrate at all, and would 
most effectually secure the passage, especially as, 
from the steepness of the sides of the rock, it would 
be almost impossible to dislodge the occupants. 
This rock, as well perhaps as the higher part of the 
Mont du Chat itself on the S. of the pass, was in all 
probability the position occupied by the Allobroges 
first, and by Hannibal afterwards. It is worthy 
of observation, that Polybius i;ses the words ra areva 
when speaking of the position taken up by the light 
troops at night, but he invariably applies the term 
SucT^wpiai to the road which the army were obliged 
to take on emerging from the pass itself, and during 
the attack of the Allobroges on the baggage and 
cavalry. It is perhaps too much to suppose that 
these phrases were intentionally so applied, and yet 
if not intentional, they furnish a singular instance 
of apt though accidental illustration of the road 
itself. For as soon as it quits the actual passage 
through the mountain, it descends in zigzags upon 
the village of Bourdeaux and the lake of Bourget, 
and in this part the mountain is extremely steep, 
rocky, and precipitous. From hence to the village 
of Bourget, a distance of about four miles and a 
half, the mountain slopes gradually downwards from 
its top, to within about 200 yards of the lake ; after 
which it becomes exceedingly rocky, and in many 



72 SITUATION OF THE TOWN 

places plunges perpendicularly into its waters. The 
modem road runs at the foot of the slope, which is 
itself so steep, as to make it very diflScult of ascent. 
Upon this slope the Barbarians would naturally 
station themselves, and the Carthaginian %ht 
troops might move along the top of it, when they 
saw the baggage in danger, a^nd so charge down 
upon them. Polybius says positively, that the road 
was Tpayua and KpriiuivwSriQ, and that the horses were 
carried down precipices ; and this is exactly what 
would happen at this passage, under similar cir- 
cumstances. At Bourget, which is a town of some 
size and antiquity, the road quits the mountain, 
and crosses over a very rich plain to Chambery, 
about seven miles distant.* The fighting would 
continue till the troops reached the plain ; and it is 
not too much to suppose that Hannibal was able to 
reach the town with ease before night, especially 
ajs no resistance was offered. The great quantity 
of supplies which the army foimd in this town 
supposes the existence of a most fertile country ; 
and certainly no place at the entrance of the Alps, 
with the exception perhaps of Grenoble, is so well 
qualified for maintaining a large army as Chambery. 
There is, however, a difiiculty with respect to this 



* Chambery is the Lemincum of the Romans. The little 
village of Lemenc^ which stands dose to it^ leaves no doubt 
upon this point ; it is situated in the middle of a very rich plain 
which is covered with villages and houses. 



WHERE THE ARMY HALTED. 7^ 

town as to its distance from the Mont du Chat, 
which it is right to mention. Polybius says, that 
the Allobroges retired every night from the pass 
to a town in the neighbourhood, and returned in 
the morning, and it appears from the text, 
that the town which Hannibal took by assault, 
was the same to which they were accustomed to 
retire. Now although he might very easily, after 
the battle, march as far as Chambery, it can hardly 
be supposed that the Barbarians should go so far 
every night and morning, especially as it was im- 
portant that they should be at their posts e^ly and 
late : M. de Luc has not noticed this difficulty, but 
it certainly is of great importance. There is a 
village called Vieux Chambery, a mile and a half 
nearer to Bourget than the modem town ; but even 
that wiU not be near enough for our purpose. It 
is possible that Bourget itself might be the town in 
question, for it is even now a large place ; and this 
is rendered more probable by our knowledge, that 
the modem Chambery is not the Roman town, 
that being Lemenc, close to it. There is also Vieux 
Chambery, and other villages, between Bourget and 
Lemenc. For the protection of the passage of the 
Mont du Chat, Bourget is much more favourably 
situated, and it would have had all the advantages 
of the plain of Chambery for its suppUes as a town, 
as well as all the advantages of its present situation 
for defence. From Bourget, the Allobroges could 
with the greatest ease have gone in the morning to 



74 OTHER PASSAGES ACROSS 

the pass itself, and returned again at night. From 
all these considerations, it is probable that Bourget 
was the town in question. And here the army 
after its capture encamped for one day. If Cham- 
bery was decidedly the town mentioned by Poly- 
bius, it would furnish an argument in favour of the 
passage of the army by Novalese and the Mont de 
PEpine; for the distance from the top of that 
passage to Chambery is not more than four miles, 
but the descent of the mountain on that side is not 
at all precipitous ; and as the road go^ over the 
ridge of the mountain, and comes down directly 
upon the plain, there would have been no oppor- 
tunity for the Allobroges to have attacked the 
army on their descent, while on the Mont du' Chat 
road their flank was constantly exposed. The 
general character of the Mont du Chat is extremely 
perpendicular and difficult on the French or west 
face of it, and more easy of ascent and sloping on the 
E. or Savoy side ; it is cultivated on the latter, but 
not at all on the former, and it forms altogether a 
very striking feature in the country: as from the 
passage at Chevelu to the Mont de TEpine there 
is a long straight naked ridge, of immense height, 
like a great screen, when it is viewed from Dau- 
phiny : an appearance altogether so remarkable, that 
it cannot be mistaken. Supposing then Bourget 
to be the town of the Allobroges, we shall conclude 
this chapter with the arrival of the army in this 
place. 



THE MONT DU CHAT. 75 

The side of the mountain, immediately above 
the lake of Bourget, is covered with very fine and 
large old chesnut trees ; further on there are vines. 
The lake is here of great depth, and is very beau- 
tiful. We were seven hours in going from Yenne 
to Chambery, in a char with two horses, but we 
stopped for some time on the top of the passage. 

A thorough examination of the passages across 
the chain of mountains, which close in the Island 
on the east, since the publication of our first 
edition, has given rise to a few additional remarks 
which may be inserted here. Our first attention 
was directed to ascertain the correctness of General 
Melville, who was of opinion that the army passed 
by a^path a little to the N. of the great road of Les 
Echelles ; on this point the General was certainly 
mistaken, as no road or path exists which actually 
crosses the mountain. There is a road which runs 
to the north of the passage of La Grotte, but it does 
not cross the mountain, and keeps constantly to the 
west of the chain, tiU it reaches Aiguebellette : it is 
little more than a mountain pass. With respect to 
the passages of Aiguebellette and PEpine, the latter 
is absolutely impracticable for an army, the former 
is perhaps more easy, as it passes through a part of 
the chain which is lower than any other, except 
the passage of the Mont du Chat. The ascent to 
it from the western side is, however, very steep, 
and the road is now very little used. M. Albanis 
de Beaumont in his work on the Graian and Cottian 



76 OTHER PASSAGES ACROSS 

Alps, enters into great details on this part of Savoy 
which is very little known, and which is well worth 
visiting. He gives copies of numerous inscriptions 
dedicated to Mercury, found on the Mont du Chat ; 
and it must be stated, in justice to him, that he 
had supposed the Carthaginians to have taken that 
road, some years before M. de Luc's work appeared. 
We shall have occasion hereafter to examine his 
opinions upon the passage of the central chain of 
the Alps in another place. M. Beaumont* is rather 
undecided as to the position of Lavisco, but we 
have found nothing to induce us to alter our 
opinion, that it should be placed at Chevelu. 
D'Anville*s authority is always respectable, but as he 
is obliged to alter the Itineraries in order to arrive 
at Novalese, that situation which agrees with 
them is surely to be preferred. If the army had 
come from Pont de Beauvoisin, it might perhaps 
have taken the road by Aiguebellette, which would 
have been shorter and not much more difficult than 
that by the Mont du Chat ; but if they came from 
Aouste and St. Genis, which by the previous hy- 
pothesis they must have done, they would probably 
have preferred the easiest road. The character of 
the pass by the Mont du Chat agrees also much 
better with the description . of Polybius, than that 
of Aiguebellette. The King of Sardinia is now 
completing a very fine road by the Mont du Chat, 

* Beaumont^ Alpes Grecques et Cottiennes, vol. 2. p. 2. 
p. 426. 



THE MONT DU CHAT. 77 

and if a bridge was thrown over the Rhone near 
Yenne there would be a direct communication with 
Pont d'Ain and Macon, through the country of 
Bresse, which would greatly shorten the road from 
Paris to Chambery. The Mont du Chat was much 
frequented before the road by the Echelles was 
opened; the constable of Bourbon passed over it in 
1523, and Montaigne crossed it in 1581. Lord 
Herbert of Cherbury gives an account in his 
memoirs of having crossed by Aiguebellette on his 
return from Italy, and he calls the passage Gabal- 
lete, in which manner it is now pronounced by 
the peasants. 



78 DESCRIPTION OF THE MARCH 



CHAP. V. 

MARCH OF THE ARMY FROM BOURGET TO SCEZ. DE- 
SCRIPTION OF THE COUNTRY THROUGH WHICH 
THEY PASSED, ROMAN ROAD THROUGH IT. 

We have now entered upon the Alps themselves, 
in the passage of which the army employed fifteen 
days, the length of the march being 1200 stadia, 
or 150 miles ;* and if we have been correct in the 
reasoning by which we have been induced to en- 
camp the army in the plain of Chambery at the 
end of the first day, we can hardly be Uable to any 
mistake hereafter ; for once at Chambery, the 
road must of necessity carry them to Montmeillan, 
and from thence up the Isere. Polybius says, that 
having halted one day after the action in the town 
which he had taken, and having procured ample 
supplies, the army set forward on their march, and 
proceeded in safety for some days; but on the 
fourth the inhabitants of the country through 
which he was passing came out to meet them Avith 
boughs and garlands ; and notwithstanding all the 
suspicions of Hannibal, they succeeded in persuad- 

* Polyb. c. 39. 



FROM BOURGET TO SCEZ. 79' 

ing him of their sincerity, by offering him hostages 
for their good conduct, and by supplying the troops 
with cattle in abundance. In consequence of this, 
he took some of them with him as guides for two 
days more, at the end of which those people having 
assembled a great force, attacked the army at the 
entrance of a ravine, difficult of access and precipi- 
tous. From the plain of Chambery to the point 
of attack we have six days, and this time, accord- 
ing to Polybius, brings us to the foot of the highest 
ridge of the Alps ; for we shall find, in the fifty- 
third chapter, that Hannibal having passed the 
night of the sixth on the field of battle, put himself 
on the morning of the seventh at the head of the 
army, and led them forthwith to the summit of the 
Alps, which he reached early on tha,t day, the 
seventh firom Chambery, and the ninth from his 
passage of the Mont du Chat. Now although 
Polybius is extremely sparing of his description of 
the country through which the army passed, till 
they arrived at the foot of the highest chain ; yet, as 
has been before observed, it is next to impossible that 
having once arrived at Chambery, they could take 
any other road but that of the Little St. Bernard. It 
is true, that at present, the road by the Mont Cenis 
passes equally through Chambery and Montmeillan, 
and ascends the Isere for a short distance after- 
wards ; yet, as this road is not mentioned by 
Strabo, in his enumeration of the passages over 
the Alps, according to Polybius, it is clear that 



80 ENTRANCE OF THE 

this latter author was unacquainted with it, 
which he certainly would not have been if Han- 
nibal had passed over it. Strabo himself says 
nothing about it as of his own knowledge, and 
it was therefore unknown to the Romans ; but 
even supposing this not to be the case, the river 
Arc, along which the Mont Cenis road runs, 
makes its way through a valley, so rocky, and so 
barren of all cultivation, that no moderate quan- 
tity of troops, (much less so large an army as that 
of Hannibal) could possibly find in it supplies 
sufficient for their subsistence : nor could the 
miserable inhabitants, who could be supported 
in this country, presume enough upon their 
strength, to attack so great a number of troops. 
Finally, why should Hannibal, who was provided 
with guides, who must have known the best road, 
have gone by the worst, even if it had been known 
at that time, when the best lay equally open to 
him. The valley of the Isere, along which we 
suppose the army to have marched, on their way 
to the Little St. Bernard, is by far the richest, the 
most fertile, most cultivated, and most populous 
of all the valleys on the western side of the Alps. 
The vine grows almost at the foot of the St, 
Bernard itself; and the great breadth of the valley, 
together with the extraordinary heat of the sum- 
mers, enable them to grow sometimes three crops 
in the year. The sides of the mountains are cul- 
tivated almost to their summits, and are covered 



VALLEY OF THE ISERE« 81 

with &nn houses ;' so that there wduld be no diffi- 
culty in obtaming supplies to any amount, espe- 
cially cattle, of which they have great quantities, 
that are fed in the summer upon the tops of the 
mountains. Along this fertile valley the army 
would naturally proceed ; and we shall find, that 
the time spait in passing through it, agrees ex- 
tremely well with the distance fix)m the St. Ber- 
nard to the plain of Chambery, and the average 
number of miles, .which troops encumbered os 
they were with provisions and baggage, and 
marching in a single column, would perform in a 
day. The army would naturally follow the course 
of the river ; and by that means would find them- 
selves almost precisely in the track, occupied at 
a later period by the great Roman road, from 
Vienna to Augusta; and this Roman road ran, 
as nearly as possible, where the present one does, 
as may be proved, both from the distances laid 
down in the Itineraries, and from some rem^s 
g£ it which have been found in various places. On 
the Roman road, according to the Itineraries, the 
first station from Leminciun (Chambery) is Man- 
tala, and the distance sixteen miles. The second, 
ad PubUcanos or Conflans, at the same distance 
from Mantala. D^Anville, in his account of this 
road,* instead of making it join the Isere at Mont- 
meillan, and thence along its banks to Conflans, 

* Notioe de T Ancienne Gaule^ art Mantala. 

6 



&^ IU>A1> FROM CHAMBXAT 

^ieb would ^ve thirty 4rwo miles m the whoL^ 
and^ consequently agree oK^ajt^y with the Itinera»- 
ries, has ^uppos^d the existence of a road nmning 
dir^ctiiy east from Chambetty^ ov^ some extremely 
high and very difficult mounftajns, and jomixig the 
Isere at a place called Mants^et* This makes^ it 
necessary fcnr him, to suppose an error in the 
Itineraries as to the distance bet^e^n Mantala. 
and ad Publicanos» (C(Hiflans)y about trhlch latt^ 
place there can be no douH at all. M. Do Luc 
has, I tbmk, with more proprwfty, placed Mantak 
at Bourg Evescal,'*' whidi is $i^e^i miles from 
Chambery, by the >fontmeillan road» and the saiDe 
distance from Gonflans. There is at present no 
road whatever, across the mountains, in the direc- 
tion which D*Anville supposes, the chain being of a 
great height. Conflans, or rather l*H6prteil, whidi 
is a sort of suburb attached to Gonflans, a little to 
the north, and upon the river Arly, is ad Pub- 
licanos without any doubt. This Latin name, 
according to D*Anville, designates a place where 
toll was taken for the pass^^e of a bridge, or the 
entrance into a new territory ; and l*Hdpital 
marks the existence of an Hospltium or Stabuhmi, 
which would naturally be erected at such a place. 
Now, the bridge for which toll wotdd be taken, 
would be l3ie bridge over the Arly, which runs 

* Bourg Evescal is very near St. Pierre d'Albigny, one of 
the most beautalul villages in the valtey. of the Isere. 



UP THE ISEEE. 83 

here iAto the Isere j and as this river formed the 
boundary between the territories erf the Allobroges 
and Centrones, we have an additional reason for 
the payment of toll in this place. From ad 
Publicanos^ where the road entered the country 
of the Centrones (the modern Tarantaise), to 
Darantasia, the capital, the Itineraries give six* 
teen miles, three to Oblimum, and thirteen to 
Darantasia. M. L I. Roche, director of the royal 
salt-works at Moutiers, who has published a small 
treatise on the Centrones, places ObUmiun at La 
B&tie, a little more tiian three miles from FH^ital, 
and derives the name from the large deposits of 
mud and sand which the Isere makes at its angle 
in this place. On the c^osite side of the river, 
aaEid at the same distance fit>m THdpital, is a small 
village called St. Bkye, which may have taken its 
name from the Roman station. Darantaaa, 
according to M. Roche, whose reasons are suffici** 
ently convincing, must be placed at the old towri 
of Salins, now almost deserted, and a httle to the 
south of Moulders, which is more modern. The 
road appears to have crossed to flie left bank of thb^ 
river about half way between Conflans and Mou* 
tiers^ and to have repassed it at the village of Chen^ 
tron or Centron, about five miles from Moutiers^ 
From Darantasia the Itinerades give ten miles to 
Axuma, now Ayme, one of Ae chirf towns of the 
Centrones, and, according to inscriptions discovered 
there^ probably called Forum Claudii, before the 

G 2 



84 ROAD PROM CH AMBER Y 

name of Axuma was finally given to it. It is true 

that Ptolemy mentions iv rai^ Tpalaig ''AXireai, K€v- 

rpiivwv 4>opo€ KXov8i«, A$t/ia, meaning apparently 
two distinct places. Forum Claudii is however not 
marked in the Itineraries, and the inscriptions 
themselves seem to indicate that Ayme was first 
called Oppidum Centronum, then Forum Claudii, 
and lastly Axuma. The village of Centron has no 
remains of antiquities, and does not appear ever to 
have been much larger than it is at present, but its 
name is certainly derived" from the Centrones. 
From Axuma to Bergintrum, now Bourg St. 
Maurice, eight miles ; from thence to Scez, two 
miles ; making altogether from Chambery a distance 
of seventy miles, or, if we take it from Bourget, of 
seventy-seven miles, as the march of the army along 
the flat country of the Alps, from the first ascent «t/t^>»r,^ 
the Mont du Chat to the foot of the highest chain 
at Scez : this being performed in six days, would 
be at the rate of thirteen miles a day, or perhaps 
rather more ; for they must have reached Scez about 
the middle of the sixth day, as it was on that spot 
that they were attacked during their march by the 
mountaineers. Such at least is the distance by the 
Roman road, and the course of the army could not 
be materi^y diflerent from it. Very little diffir 
cuhy could be encoimtereid dqring this part of the 
anarch, and we find that Polybius mak^s mention of 
none whatever. From Chainbery to Montmeillan 
ihe valley is large and very rich, and from thence 



TO CONFLANS AND SCEZ. 85 

to Conflans, though not so wide as the valley of tiie 
Gresivaudan, it is still very large. From the fort 
of Montmeillajiy which commands both these 
vallies, the view is beautiful. The roads are 
altogether excellent, and generally bordered by 
iine walnut trees. At Freterive, a village a little 
beyond the place where Mantala probably stood, 
are several Roman inscriptions extremely perfect. 
We met however with none which related to the 
name of the place. Opposite to this village is the 
entrance of the Maurienne, and the valley which 
leads up the river Arc to the Mont Cenis. We 
saw vines every where on the north side of the 
river, along which the modem road runs. The 
CTops were very fine, and the land well cultivated. 
The valley is here about two miles broad, and the 
ground well calculated for the march of troops. 
JFor six miles before we arrive at Conflans, the road 
is quite straight, very fine and broad ; the country 
covered with fine wood, where it is not under com 
or vines ; walnuts and oaks. The old Roman way 
ran close to the river, and has been covered by its 
inundations. Beyond Conflans the valley is much 
narrower, but widens again, and the mountains are 
very high on the sides of the river. Before Mous- 
tier it narrows exceedingly, and is very rocky : the 
old road passed on the southern side of the river : 
the town of Moustier stands in a little plain quite 
surrounded by mountains. There are here some 
very rich salt springs, and there are silver and 



86 ROAD FROM CONFLANS 

iead mines near it, as well as a mineral spring of 
great celebrity. Frwn hence the valley is at first 
narrow, but soon widens; tiie countary still very 
jK^ulous, but the fertility such, that they export 
great quantities of ccwm and much cattle. A great 
spkit of independence is observable every whare ; 
tike people do not appear to want any thing firom 
abroad, but are all of opinion, that tiiey have amply 
sufficient for themselves. At Ayme a small river 
runs into the Isere, which turns several saw mills, 
and there is an appearance of great industry and 
prosperity in the town. Mr. Roche, to whose 
book we have already alluded, quotes several in- 
scriptions, to shew that this town was formerly the 
Forum Claudii of the Centrones, and that it was 
called Axima at a later period. In addition to the 
imcriptions are the following verses, which may, 
perhaps, not be thought misplaced here. 

Sylvane^ sacra semiduse fraxino^ 

Et hujus alti summe custos hortuli^ 

l!1bi hasce grates dedicamus nrasicas^ 

Quod no6 per arva^ perque montes Alpitos, 

Tuiquf luci suaveolentis hospkei^ 

Dum jus gubemo remque Auigor Cssarun^ 

Tuo £a,vore prosperante sospitas. 

Tu me meosque reduces Romaxn sistito : 

Daque Itala rura te colamus prseside. 

Ego jam dicabo mille magnas arbores. 

T. POIIPONII. VIOTORI8. PBOC. AUGU8TO. T.* 

• This inseription^ which stood in the church of St Martin, 
jRt Aymfi, is cited by Guichoioii^ Gram the MSS. of Char. 



TO ST. MAUR£GB AND aG£Z. 87 

At three or four miks &om St Maurice oH ton^ 
ing a rofdc which cdHms dfrwn dose to l^e rirer, you 
open ufNm a largie plam, in which sfiaiids that tiHm 
liiid Scezv The pasiage of iJie Littk St. Bernard 
k dkecfly in front, and so maifked^ that it is impos« 
flAie to mistake it ; on both sides of it the moun- 
tains are T^ry h%b^ and covered with snow ; but 
the passage itsdf seems low and practicable* A 
^g^ gypsum rock, calkd universally La Rodie* 
blanche> stands at the entrance of it. The ptein 
itself is cidtivaited^ but near the passage firs 
alone are seen^ all other trees having disappeared. 
From this pfaun the army would have to aster 
the defile of tibe passage of the Littiie St. Ber^ 
nard in the middle of «the sixth day. They 
had left the territory ci the Allobroges at Con- 
flans, and entered upon that of the Centrones. 
The former were separated by the Isere on the 
south from the Segalauni and Yocontii ; to the 
east they bordered on the Medulli and Centrones ; 
to the north, on the Nantuates and Hdivetii ; and 
to the west, on the S^ui^ni, Ambarri, and 
Sequani.* The territory of the Centrones was^ 

Aug. de Sales^ Bishop of Oraeva. Omdienon^ Hist G^^ 
de la Maison de Sayoye, T. 1^ p. 34. 

* The name of Acitavones, cited by Pliny, in the trophy of the 
Alps, lib. iii. c. 20. is supposed by the best critics to be a mis- 
take for Centrones, this people not being mentioned at any 
other time; and it is not likely that so great a tribe as the 
Centrones should have been omitted. Caesar first mentions 



88 ROAD FROM CONFI^ANS 

according to D* Anville, very much what the Ta- 
rantaise is now, and PKny callg them bord^ers, 
that is, bordering on Italy. Ptolemy places them 
on the Graian Alps, and on that side they touched 
the Satassi, who inhabited the valley of Aosta. 
The army would reach Conflans in three days from 
Bourget, and it was on the fourth day that the 
envoys met them. This circumstance is in itself 
sufficient to point out their entrance into the ter- 
ritories of another people. Polybius describes these 
envoys as coming out to meet Hannibal, QaWovg 
ixovTtg Koi (rra^avovc. Dom Vincent ThuUlier, in 
his translation of this passage, has rendered daXXovc 
olive branches, a mistake which has induced the 
Marquis de St. Simon to carry the army as low as 
Barcelonnette, that being the only place to the 
north of the Durance where olive trees grow.* 
On the fourth day the army would arrive very near 
Moustier, on the fifth between Ayme and St. 
Maurice, and on the middle of the sixth they 
would be at Scez ; having arrived thus far without 
experiencing any difficulty frcan the want of supr 
plies, and having been engaged in no action since 
the passage of the Mont du Chat. The great size 
of the army, drawing as it evidently did its resources 
from the country through which it passed, suffi- 

them as having opposed his passage^ vid. Chap. I. and D'An- 
ville. Notice de la Oaule^ Art Centronea^ p. 221. 

* We visited Barcelonnette in 1821^ on our passage over the 
Col de L'Argentiere, and found a most miserable country> and 
no appearance whatever of olive trees. 



TO THE FOOT OF THE ST. BERNARD. 89 

ciently proves, that this country must have been 
well cultivated, and consequently full of inhabi- 
tants ; and this latter circumstance is confirmed by 
the host of barbarians who hung upon the rear, 
and attacked them on their passage from Scez. No 
other of the known passages of the Alps can be at 
all compared with this one, in these two essential 
quaUties ; and it is only necessary to have passed 
through the Maurienne or Mont Cenis road, and 
the road from the Mont Genevre, along the 
Romanche to Grenoble, to be convinced that a 
large army, without magazines, must have been 
starved iii any attempt to get through them. It is 
upon this fact, which has never been sufficiently 
considered before, that we are inclined to lay the 
greatest stress, and when united with the agreement 
of distances, it becomes almost irresistible. In the 
next chapter we shall enter upon the passage of the 
St. Bernard, and shall shew, that the situation of 
the pass corresponds as nearly as possible with the 
description given by Polybius of the spot where 
the army was attacked by the Centrones, on the 
middle of the sixth day of their march from Bourget 
and the plain of Chambery. 



90 DESCRIPTION OF TBE ROAD 



CHAP. VI. 

ATTACK MADE ON THE ARMY AT THE FOOT OF THE 
GREAT CHAIN OF THE ALPS. THEIR ASCENT TO 
THE SUMMIT. DESCRIPTION OF THE LITTLE ST. 
BERNARD. ENCAMPMENT THERE. , 

PoLYBius,* in his relation of the attack made 
upon the army on thek entrance into the defiles 
at the foot of the highest chain of the Alps, saj^^ 
that they must aU have perilled, if Hannibal had 
not placed the baggage in ihe front, aaid the heavy 
armed troops in the rear. Still, however, the loss 
was very great, as the barbarians rolled rocks and 
stones upon them, so that he was obliged to pass 
the night with some of his best troops upon a 
certain XcvKOTrerpov o^v/t>ov,t by which manoeuvre he 
was enabled to protect the line of march. The 
night was almost spent before the army had entirely 
passed the defiles ; and as the barbarians had by this 
time given up their attacks, Hannibal quitted his 
position, and putting himself at the head of the 
column, led them on to the highest summit of the 
Alps. Here he encamped for two days, during 

* C. 53. t Literally, a white rock, strong from its position. 



AT THE rOOT OF THfi ST. BERNARD. 91 

which time he was joined by many stragglers^ and 
horses that had been left behind ; he arrived at the 
summit on the ninth day from his first ascent of the 
Mont du Chat. The first day was ^nployed in 
forcmg the pass and taking the town. The second 
in the halt near Chambery. The following six 
days in marchmg up the Isere, and he arrived on 
the ninth. 

It will be seen, on reference to the plan of the 
passage of the St. Bernard, that at Scez die Isere 
makes an angle. The valley through which it 
runs from the Mont Iseran being on the S. E., while 
that from Scez to Moustier, is S. W. At this 
m^ it i8Jomed by the Redus. which takes its 
rise in tiie mountain of the Little St. Bernard. 
:^_ modem road goes from Scez to Villars, and 
soon after crosses the Reclus, and goes up the 
side of the mountain to St. Germain, running from 
thence along the ri^t bank of that stream, till 
it arrives very near its source, when it again crosses 
it, and joins the old road, which had always k^ 
on the left bank ; on this left bank, and just above 
the first bridge, by which the modem road crosses 
the Redus, stands a high, white rock of gypsum, 
called in the country, universally. La Roche- 
Uanche. The Reclus, whose course is to the S. 
W., runs uiider its side, and is confined in a vary 
deep and rocky channel. On the other side of 
the rock is a woody ravine, through which another 
small stream flows, which afterwards comes down 



92 DESCRIPTION OF THE PASSAGE 

through Villars to Scez. The remains of the 
Roman road made by Augustits, have be^ti dis* 
covered m tiie neighbourhood of Villars, and 
it probably went up this woody ravine in the 
manner laid down in the plan. The present road 
by St. Germain is quite modem. From the words 

used by Polybius ^apayya Tiva Svafiarov Koi KprifivwBrif 

which apply extremely well to the bed of the 

4 

Reclus, we might be tempted to suppose, that the 
army had marched up this torrent -, but this pas- 
sage would have been so diflScult, that I can hardly 
conceive it possible to have been accomplished. 
The Roman road, though very much exposed to the 
attacks of the barbarians, would have been more 
easy. As the two passages unite towards the 
source of the Redus, it is possible, that separate 
columns might have marched up each of them ; 
but whether they took the line of the torrent, 
or the Roman road, or both, the position of the 
Roche-blanche was eminently calculated for the 
defence erf their march. From hence, Hannibal 
commanded the whole plain of Scez, and was able 
to act against the enemy on the heights above St. 
Germain, as well as upon those on the flanks of the 
Roman road. General Melville and M. de Luc 
attach great importance to the fact of the exist- 
ence of a white rock, in the exact spot cm which, 
according to Polybius, it ought to be found. The 
expression itself occurs only twice in Polybius, 
and 4" a m not aware, that it is to be found in any 



OP THE LITTLE ST. BERNARD. 93 

other author, as applied in a g^ieral sense. Strabo 
and Ptolemy both use it, but only as the name 
of particular promontories. Literally translated, 
XevicoTTErpov means a white rock ; but in the 10th 
book, chap. 2?, where the word agam occurs, it must 
be taken in the sense of a naked rock. In M. La- 
rauza's work upon this subject, which we shall have 
occasion to recur to hereafter, there are some judi- 
cious remarks upon the word XevKoirerpoVf in answer 
to Mr. Letronne, who considers it as only equU 
valent to XcwTrcrpov, a smooth rock. M. Larau^ 
endeavours also to shew, that the word as used 
again by Polybius, in the 10th book, signifies 
equally a white rock. This he does by applying 
the expression to a specific range c£ mountains, 
which divide Parthia from Hyrcania, instead g£ 
taking it in a general sense, as applying to any 
mountains in ihe line erf march. We have been 
earful not to attach much importance to single 
points of evidence, though, when strengthened by 
others, we may fairly consider om: case as benefited 
by them. Without, therefore, relying too much 
upon this coincidence, it is certainly worth re- 
marking. M. De Luc* has given a very animated 
description of General Melville's passage over this 
ground, and of his discovery of the Roche-blandie, 
while he had his Polybius in his hand. It is quite 
certain, that the rock in question is called, univer- 
sally, by this name, and that there is a tradition 

* De Luc, p. 150. 



>'' 



94 DESCRIPTION OF THE PASSAGB 

among the inhabitants, liiat a great battle bad 
been fought at the foot of it. Our gaide» who 
was a very respectable inhabitant of Villar, talked, 
as a matter of every day conversation^ of Hannibal, 
and of his march through the country, at the time 
of the Saracens. He assured us, also, that he had 
himself seen, and handled, very lar^ bones of 
beasts, whidi had been taken out of the little 
stream that flows through tiie ravine, up which the 
Roman road passaL These bones^ he said, were 
much larger than those of oxen } and when the 
little stream overflowed and washed away die seal, 
some of these bones were sometimes foimd. He 
himself made no mention of elephants, and seemed 
ignorant what the bones w^ret some of them, he 
said, had been preserved, but we were unable to dis^ 
cover where. The extreme difficulty of the road 
will very easily account for the whole night spent 
cm the mar<^ j but as the passage up to the top of 
the St. Bernard, widens considerably towards the 
end, Hannibal might without difficulty, after iim 
enemy had desisted frmn their attadcs, get up to 
the head of the troops, and lead them to the plain 
on the summit of the mountain. It is remarkable 
here, as well as elsewhere, that no menticttit what* 
ever is made of any attempt made by the guides 
to mislead the army. They appear to have beai 
always upon the right road, and no- delay, occurs 
excepting that which arises from the badness of the 
way, and the attacks of the enemy. When these 



OP THE LITTLS ST* BBSVABJft. 9^ 

attacks oeas^ they ifind their way to the smamit, 
which, if we have been right in out original con'- 
ceplion of their route, they could not wdl fail to 
do ; for tiie pass, which is visible &om a great dis- 
tance, goes directly from Soez to the top of the St. 
Bernard, neither turning to the right nor to the ]^L 
We have before remarked, that it was inq>ossibleto 
mistake the passage of the Mont du Chat: and from 
thence the road along the Isere is so <:iear, that, 
even without guides, it could not be missed. The 
road up the St. Bernard is visible from St. Maurice, 
and, being much lower thaan 4die surrounding moim^ 
tain, seems to have beea pointed out by nature 
b^re any artificial labour was bestow^ on it. 
We were four hours and m hakf in going from Scez 
to tite hospital at tibe top of the mountain by the 
mod^n road ; the Roman one is rnot so long. It 
IkuI been in Bonapai?te^s contemplation to carry a 
new road up the ravine whe^ the Roman one 
passed, and we saw traceaof tibe preparations dmt 
had been made for k. It is certain that t^s is 
ahogethw the easiest passage oven the Alps; for 
aMiougfa that of the Mont Genevre is lower, there 
is no getting from Brian^on into the plains without 
crossing some of the secondary chaiius from D«i. 
phiny, which are of great height and difflcultyv 
while the Isere affords an ea^y way to Ihe very foot 
of the St. Bernard without any check at all.. De 
Saussure, in his Voyages dans les Alpes, tom. 4^ 
caXis tt, << Le passage des Alpes le plus &d}e qoe je 



96 PBfiCRIPTION OF Tim PASSAGS 

^* OMMioisse.'' It was on the mnth day in the morn- 
ing from the passage of the M<mt du Chat, as we 
have aheady explained, that the army reached the 
summit ; and this, according to Dr. Maskelyne, 
was about the 26th of October ; for Polybius says 
that it was at the time of the setting of the Pleiades, 
and General Melville consulted Dr. M* as to the 
time at which this took place. The army halted 
on the summit for two days ; and there is in feet a 
plain here of about two mUes and a half in length, 
which is fully capable of containing the number of 
troops which Hannibal had with him at this time. 
The plain is, according to De Saussure, 1125 toises 
above thfe level of the sea ; it is well sheltered, and 
in the centre of it is a small lake. The river Doire 
takes its rise here. The hospital or convent is 
situated very near the entrance of it on the Savoy 
side, and is a small building formerly inhabited by 
a colony of monks from the Great St. Bernard, but 
now by two men who reside there at the expense of 
the government. They have a supply of salt pro- 
visions and wine, and remain here aU the winter. 
During the summer months the traffic is consid^- 
able, and mules are constantly passing. The our- 
riage road ends at St. Maurice on the Savoy side, 
and at La Tuille on the Piedmont side ; and miiles 
done are used for the passage of the mountain. In 
1815, however, a column of Austrians of six thou- 
sand men and t^i pieces of cannon passed over it. 
These were in all probability the same troops that 



OF THE LITTLE ST. BERNARD. 97 

we heard of at the Mont du Chat. They had sent 
forward to have the road repaired ; and when we 
crossed in August, 1819, we found that we should 
ha»re had very little di£5culty in passing with a light 
char. 

This body of men marched in one day from 
Pont Serrant to Villars. Trees cease after the vil- 
lage of St.* Germain. We saw hardly any snow on 
our passage on the 24th of August; the high 

mountains, however, on each side were covered 

* 

with it. There is no cultivation on the summit, 
except that there is a little garden which adjoins 
the convent. We did not find the cold at all 
severe ; and the thermometer, sheltered from the 
wind and sun, stood at half-past nine a. m. at 54. 
About three^uarters of a mUe to the N. E. of the 
convent, stands the Colohne de Joux, or Columna 
Jovis, a broken piUar of Cipoline marble, about 
twenty feet . high, and seven in circumference. 
Though this is called the Column of Jupiter, it 
might have belonged to a temple of Hercules, 
which stood^ according to Petronius, upon the 
Alpis Graia : 

Alpibus aeriis^ ubi Graio nomine pulsse 
Descendunt rupes^ et se patiuntur adiri^ 
Est locus Herculeis sacer aris^ &c. 

About three hundred yards to the N. E. of this 
column is a large circle of stones, of eighty yards in 

H 



98 ]>B8CRIPTION OF TH£ PASSAGB 

diameter, exactly resembling what we catt a druidi^ 
cal circle. The stones are very large, and in gene- 
ral so deeply sunk in the earth as not to be more 
than two or three feet above it. This is univtr- 
sally called the Circle of Hannibal ; and the tra- 
dition of the coimtry is, that he held a council of 
war in that circle. Our host at Scez had talked 
much of these stones, and our guide also ; \mt as 
their testimony might not be wholly disinterested, 
we were satisfied on finding a large party of mule- 
teers and country people assembled at the convent, 
who were all as well acquainted with the Circle of 
Hanmbal as our first informants : the name was 
constantly mentioned by them without any inquiry 
on our part. After arriving at the source of the 
Rechis, the road rises very slowly, and the ascent 
appears to be altogether so easy, that it is difiicidt 
to persuade oneself that one has arrived at the 
summit of the great chain of the Alps. The snow 
begins to fall in September, and the inhabitants 
said that their winter began at Michaelmas. The 
distance from Chevelu to the Alpis Graia is, by the 
Itineraries, ninety-two miles.* The army employed 
eight days in performing this space, as they halted 

* This distailce is longer than the real one ; by Raymond's 
large map of the Alps^ it is not above 85 miles^ and M. A. de 
Beaumont gives 21 leagues from Chambery to the summit of 
the Little St. Bernard, which, at 3 miles to a league, makes 64 
niles ; to which most be added* the 14 miletfroKn Cfadvekt to 
Chambery. Total, 78 miles. 



OP THE LITTLE ST. BERNARD. 99 

one 5asy at Chambery, which gives a rate of eleven 
miles and a half a day. 

On a second visit to the Little St. Bernard in 
1826, we found that some excavations had beeti 
made, and that the foundations of a large building, 
which was probably a temple, had been discovered* 
This building stands a little to the N. E. of the 
circle of stones, called Hannibal^s Circle, tod is 
about 150 feet in length by 50 in breadth. Some 
Roman pottery and bricks were discovered in the 
course of the excavations, which, however, are very 
incomplete, in consequence of the removal of the 
officer who conducted them, to some other station. 
We were unable, on account of the weather, to 
ascend the peak called Bfelveder, which stamds N.E* 
of the Hospice, and from which the view is mag^ 
nificent. To the north is the Mont Blanc, and the 
Glaciers which fall into the A116e Blanche ; to the 
east, the Mont Rosa and -the Great St. Bernard ; 
to the south, the Mont Iseran, and the immense 
glaciers of the Ruitor. A more detailed descrip- 
tion of this view, one of the finest in the Alps, will 
be found in the Journal des Mines, tom. 17- p- ^5. 
1805, in a letter from Mr. J. H. HaAsenfratz. 

Polybius goes on to tell us, in the fifty-fourth 
chapter, that as there was already much snow on 
the mountain, and the troops were beginning to 
sink under the hardships they had encountered, 
in order to raise their spirits, Hannibal pointed out 
to thei^ the plains around the Po, and the situation 



100 VIEW OF ITALY FROM THE 

of Rome itself, and by these means succeeded in 
encouraging them a little. 

This passage presents some diflSculty, for it is 
undoubtedly certam, that from the plam on the 
summit of the Little St. Bernard, it is quite impos- 
sible to see the country round the Po, or the situa- 
tion of Rome itself. Fortunately, however, for 
our theory, it is equally certam that this country 
is alike invisible from all the other known passages 
of the Alps, which are practicable for carriages ; 
and the view from the Mont Genevre, is as much 
circumscribed as that of the Little St. Bernard. 
Thie very circumstance of a passage over this 
enormous chain of moimtains, supposes a depres- 
sion in the chain, for no man at all acquainted with 
the country, or with the difficultie^s attendant upon 
a march through it, could for a moment suppose 
that the inhabitants themselves would attempt to 
scale the inaccessible .precipices of the highest 
ridges ; and if not the inhabitants, how much les3 
would an army, encumbered, as it must be, by its 
baggage, and beasts of burden, take any way but 
that pointed out to them, by the very nature of 
the place, and the previous passage of the natives 
of the country. We have said, that the very cir- 
cumstance of a passage supposes a breach in the 
main ridge ; and if so, it will follow, that the pas- 
sage, from being lower than the surrounding 
mountains, must be effectually debarred from any 
extensive view ; and the facts themselves agree 



SUMMIT OF THE PASS. 101 

with this reasoning, for nothing is visible from the 
Simplon, from the Great St. Bernard, the Mont 
Cenis, or the Mont Genevre, any more than from 
the Little- St. Bernard. It is impossible even to 
command a view, of any extent, of the valleys them- 
selves by which you descend, for it will be easy to 
see, by consulting a good map of the Alps, that 
the great chain is always flanked by smaller ones 
that run off from it at right angles, Uke the 
buttresses . of a cathedral, and these are in their 
turn flanked by smaller ribs ; so that as the main 
chain itself runs in many different directions, the 
valleys at the foot of it are necessarily very wind- 
ing, and no one exists which maintains the same 
course for many miles together. But even if we 
allowed it for a moment to be possible for an army, 
as large as that of Hannibal, to climb over a part 
of the highest ridge of the Alps, which should be 
so high as to enable them to command a view ot 
the plains round the Po ; it would, even then, from 
the nature of the ground, be absolutely impossible 
for them to encamp on this ridge. The passage 
itself, however, would be totally impracticable; 
and although the general accuracy of Polybius, 
and the implicit confidence which we have hitherto 
placed in him, must make us hesitate before we 
abandxm the strict literal reading of the account 
in question ; yet, as he says, in the very same sen- 
tence, and almost in the very same form of words, 
that Hannibal showed the army the situation of 



102 VIEW OF ITALY FROM THE 

Rome itself, a^ well as the plaJBisk rotmd the Po, 
we may reasonably and fairly conduda, that the 
direction and bearings of these places is all tha-t is 
meant ; md that the general was satisfied with 
proving to the army, that they had arrived at the 
summit of the Alps, and were now about to obtain 
the reward of their exertions by an easy and rapid 
descent into the plains of Italy. And this might 
well enough be done, as the waters begin to flow 
different ways on the plain itself of the St. Bernard : 
and the valley of La Tuille, which is not more 
than 650 toises above the level of the sea, and 
consequently 475 toises below the St. Bernard, is 
easily distinguishable from it. M. De Luc* 
supposed that he was able to shew them the 
valley of Aoste, as well as that of La Tuille ; but 
this is not so. The direction of this last, is N. E. 
and S. W., and the valley runs on in nearly the 
same direction, as far as Pr6 St. Didier, where it 
makes a turn to the E., and runs in that line to 
Aoste. The account of Hannibal pointing out the 
plains of Italy to his soldiers, has been given by 
J-rivy in a much more romantic manner, and his 
description, as well as that of the gaieral appear^ 
ance of the Alps, decidedly prove, that he was 
himself totally ignorant of the subject upon which 
he was writing. This particular part has>, how- 
ever, been much dwelt upon, and has made a much 

* De Luc, p. 167. 



BVUUtr OF THE PASS* 103 

greater impression than it deserves ; so much so, 
as to have induced some French writers on the 
subject to carry the whole army by the col of the 
Mont Viso, from which there can be no doubt that 
they would command a most extensive view of 
Italy. But such marches for armies are inadmis- 
sible. The guides from the plains of the Po 
would lead the army by the passages to which they 
had themselves been accustomed; and as those 
passages are marked out by nature, they would 
remain unaltered to the present day, though, from 
various circumstances, they may be more or less 
frequented than formerly. 

Civilization has afforded great additional incite- 
ments, and the progress of the arts, and the dis- 
covery of gunpowder, have given great addition^ 
fecilities to our undertakings ; but these have 
nevertheless been generally confined to the im- 
provement of those passages which were already 
known, and which, having existed from the first 
formation of the barriers which they were intended 
to penetrate, were pointed out by the hand of 
nature to the first inhabitants of these countries* 
If any other passage commanded a view of the 
plains, we might hesitate ; but as none do, we 
must content ourselves with explaining the ac- 
count of Polybius as well as we can. And if we 
confine ourselves to the first part of his observa- 
tion, we shall 0nd nothing in it inconsistent witii 
the state of the country on the Little St._ Bernard. 






104 VIEW OF ITALY FROM THE 

Polybius says, that "Hannibal endeavoured to 
encourage his soldiers, having one resource for 
this, the sight of Italy." Now that object was 
easily attainable from the passage in question, as 
the valley of La Tuille is at the foot of it, and 
would be perfectly visible from the pass itself by 
the whole army. But when Polybius goes on to 
say, that Hannibal pointed out the plains of the 
Po, and explaiued the situation of Rome itself, we 
must enlarge the expression so far as to suppose 
that he called the stream which falls into the Po 
by the name of that river, which he might as 
well do, as attempt to point out the situation of 
Rome itself, with which it seems quite impossible 
that he could be acquainted, and which, if cor- 
rectly pointed out, would not have been very 
encouraging, as the passage is closed up by very 
high mountains to the S. E., and this is equally 
the case with the Mont Genevre ; which, like the 
Little St. Bernard, takes a N. E. direction from 
Savoy to Piedmont. After all, the difficult ex^ 
pressions are nearly superfluous ; for, the mere 
fact of the descent of the waters on the side of the 
passage opposite to that by which the army had 
ascended, would sufficiently shew that the great 
difficulties were overcome, and there was time 
enough, during the two days' halt on the summit, 
to explain the fact of their having reached the 
highest point of their road. But if, after all, these 
expressi#ns are to be considered as inexplicable. 



J 



SUMMIT OF THE PASS. 105 

and they certainly are difficult, we must be con- 
tent with repeating that they are equally so with 
respect to the other passages mentioned by Poly- 
bius, as quoted by Strabo, and they must remain 
to exercise the ingenuity of future commentators. 
The account of the descent will form the subject 
of the next chapter, in which the mawjh from the 
Mont du Chat to the plains of the Po and the 
Insubres will be concluded. 



106 DESCENT OF THE ARMY 



CHAP. VII. 

DESCENT OF THE ARMY. DESCRIPTION OF THE ROAD. 
ARRIVAL AT DONAS. SIEGE AND CAPTURE OF 

TURIN. CONCLUSION OF THE MARCH. 

• 

In the latter part of the fifty-fourth and m the 
fifty-fifth chapter we find, that on beginning their 
descent all attacks on ^he army by the barbarians 
had ceased ; notwithstanding which, their loss was 
nearly as great as in their ascent, for the road was 
extremely bad, and covered with snow, so that the 
men lost their way, and fell down precipices j and, 
finally, they came to a place where it was impossible 
to pass ; for the road, which, for the distance of a 
stadiimi and a half, was very rugged, and liable to 
be carried away, had actually been so m a very 
great degree ; so that having in vain endeavoured to 
turn this difficult passage, Hannibal was obUged 
to encamp at the commencement of it. He was 
unable to go by any other way, for a fresh fall of 
snow having covered the old snow of the year be- 
fore, which, by an accident of very unusual occur- 
rence, had remained unmelted, it became impossi- 
ble for the men and horses to proceed. The troops 



FROM THE LITTLE ST, BERNARD. 107 

were therefore employed in clearing away the mow 
and repairing the road, and in a day the cavalry and 
baggage were enabled to pass ; the hordes were 
then sent down to the plains below, and distribute 
in the pastures. In three days more they sue- 
ceeded, with great difficulty, inmaking a road for 
the elephants, who were by this time almost starved* 
After this he collected his whole army, and de-^ 
scended to the plains, which he reached after a 
march of three days ; and entered boldly into the 
country round the Po, and the territory of the 
Insubrians, having saved 20,000 infantry and 6000 
cavalry. After this account follow three chaptera 
of no importance, and then, in the sixtieth chapter, 
we are told, that he encamped for some time at 
the foot of the Alps, in order to recruit the strength 
of his soldiers, of whom he had lost 18,000 infantry 
and more than 2000 cavalry, in the passage of the 
Alps, for he passed the Rhone with more than 
46^000 men. After this, finding that the Taurini 
were at war with the Insubres, his allies, he made 
overtures of reconciliation to them; which not being 
accepted, he attacked their capital, andtakingit, after 
a siege of three days, put the inhabitants to the 
sword ; in consequence of which, the neighbour- 
ing people immediately entered into treaties with 
him, so that he was enabled to undertake further 
and more brilliant operations. 

It will not be necessary to follow Pc^ybius a»y 
fturther, and in feet the desoent of the Alps ceases 



108 DESCRIPTION OF THE ROAD 

jat his arrival in the plains of the Insubrians ; but it 
is essential to insert that part which relates to the 
capture of Turin, in order to explain the error mto 
which those writers have fallen,"who have supposed 
Hannibal to have arrived first among the Taurini. 
The road downwards fi'om the St. Bernard passes 
through a valley by the side of the Doria, (which 
takes its rise on the plain,) till it arrives at Pont 
Serrant; here this stream is joined by another, 
which comes down from the mountains to the 
north, in a very deep and formidable ravine. The 
road crosses it by a wooden bridge, and the army 
would probably have crossed below its junction 
with the Doria, where the ground is easier. The 
ravine itself might have formed one of the nume- 
rous precipices, into which the soldiers fell from 
missing their way. Shortly after, the road reaches 
La Tuille, a large and well built village, standing 
in a small plain tolerably well cultivated. Here 
the Doria is joined by the Baltea, which flows from 
the Ruitor, a very high snowy mountain to the 
S. E., which forms one part of the central chain of 
the Alps. It now becomes a stream of some size, 
and takes the name of the Doria Baltea. The 
modem road runs along this river as far as Ivrea ; 
and it is clear from the Itineraries, that the Roman 
road went the same way, except in a few instances, 
where it was carried along the sides of the moun- 
tains, instead of the banks of the river. . On leaving 
La Tuille, the river turns to the north, and enters a 



FROM LA TUILLE TO AOSTA. 109 

very narrow passage between»two rocks ;' from hence 
it runs on to Pr6 St. Didier, in a direction almost 
parallel to the A116e Blanche, and the back of the 
Mont Blanc ; being divided from them by the long 
chain of the Cramont, in all probability the Cremo- 
nis jugum of Livy.* After La Tuille, the Arto- 
Uca of the Itineraries, the modem road crosses from 
the leift or W. to the right or E. bank of the river, 
and recrosses it about three miles lower down. 
The old road remained constantly on the left bank, 
and was obliged to be abandoned in consequence of 
the numerous avalanches, which always fall from 
a pointed rock that overhangs it, and which in the 
winter frequently carried it away. It is very re- 
markable, that that part of the old road which was 
most exposed to these accidents is about 300 ystrdis 
in length, a distance agreeing almost exactly with 
the stadium and a half of Polybius ;t and it appears 
that, from the very nature of the ground, it must 
always have bieen so exposed 4 for, as will be seen! 
by the plan, it is situated at the bend of the river, 
and immediately under one of the highest points 
of the Cramont, and that chain of the mountains 
which forms the S. E. side of the A116e Blanche. 
From this point the ground slopes rapidly down to 
the river in a concave or funnel-shaped direction, 
the mouth of the ftmnel ending at the river, so that 

♦ Lib. 21. 

t The stadium is equal to 125 pa^sus^ or 625 Roman feet ; 
a stadium and a half will therefore be 9371 Roman feet. 



110 DESCRIPTION 07 THX UOMD 

an avaknche from tfae top wocddbe necemBtHy 
canfitsjed within the limits of the bend^ mid within 
th^ spade of three hundred yards* It appears^ from 
the reports of the inhabitants, that this passage 
is peculiarly subject to avalanches } and it happens 
a^o^ that, owing to the narrowness of the bed of 
the river in this spot^ stnd the precipitous nature of 
the rocks on bodi £d^ of it, the snow which is 
brought down in this manner from tte CramOnt, 
xmd wMcb fails m itnmense masses into it, remains 
sometimes unmeked during the whole of the swrn* 
mer, and torms a natural bridge over the torrent 
for a consideraWe distance. This event happens 
sa rarely, as to be, in the words of Polybius, Utop Km 
ira^\\ayidv<yif I but it does sometimes takes place j 
:fi>r* M. De Saussure, in the year 179®, at which 
time he passed over this rc^, says, speak- 
ing of this precise spot, " Le chemin est bon 
♦* et assez large, mais sur une comiche tr^s^lev^e 
**au dessus de la Tuille. On voit 1^ sous ses 
** pieds des amas de neige, qui se sont conserv6J 
** depuis Phiver, et qui forment des ponts sur ce 
** torrent/' Our guide told us that the same thing 
had happened in 1816, at which time the snow 
filmed a complete bridge over the river. The 
snow remained unmelted dso in 1828. I took 
great pains to ascertain whether the snW ever 
remained unmelted the whole year round in any 
other part of the road, and I was assured that such 
an ^vent never took place ; nor would it occur in 



FROM LA TUILLE TO A06TA. Ill 

this spot» were it not entirely sheltered from t^ 
sun by the extreme narrowness of the ravine and 
the great height of the mountains on both sidei^. 
It may perhaps be thought, that the coincidence 
of the distance of a stadium and a half betwe^i the 
present day and the time of Polybius is too exact ; 
and that in the course of 2000 years the appearance 
of the defile must have undergone some more 
material alterations ; but the funnel-shaped con- 
struction of this part of the passage has p-evented 
the avalanches from extending themselves ; and 
although masses of rock may have fallen from the 
highest points, there appears to have been no mark 
of any change in the lower part of the hollow. 
M. De Luc, in the appendix to his work, has 
inserted a very curious paper upon the effects of 
torrents <m rocks, in which be proves very satis* 
•fcctorily, that it requires an immense time fiwf a 
river flowing over rocks to make much impression 
upon them, and that, in consequence, it will be long 
before the appearance of a vaUey can be materidly 
altered. 

It appears from the Itineraries, that Artolica 
(La Tuille) was six miles from Alpis Gi'aia, or th^ 
summit of the St. Bernard ; and we find, from the 
narrative of Polybius, that it was on the first day^s 
descent that the army arrived at the impassable 
spat : and ^k would agree very well with the 
distance of this difficult pass^, which is about half 
a mite beyond La Tuffle, and where the army evi- 



112 DESCRIPTION OF THE ROAD 

dently arrived in good time) as an attempt was 
made to turn it before they encamped for the night. 
There appears here to be a Utile obscurity in Poly- 
bius on the subject of the new snow which had 
Mien on the old, and which prevented them from 
proceeding ; for it does not appear quite certain to 
which of the roads the difficulties occasioned by 
the new snow falling upon the old are to be rrferred. 
If these difficulties prevented the army from 
turning the pass, then they must have endeavoured 
to cross the river, and to pass on the other side, or 
on the snow itself, which formed a road over the 
bed of the torrent ; and as the banks are precipitous, 
and the bed very deep, the men and horses would 
suffer dreadfully in the attempt. If, on the con- 
trary, these difficulties apply to the road itself, 
then it is possible that Hannibal might have endea- 
voured to turn the ravine altogether, by a road 
which runs at the back of the rocks which are on 
the right bank of the river, and which afrerwards 
ascends the chain of mountains that form the south 
side of the valley of Aoste, and, crossing them, £ills 
into that valley opposite to the town of MorgAs, a 
Utile below Pr6 St. Didier. As this road takes its 
way at first through a very deep and hollow ravine, 
it would be very liable to be choked up, and 
rendered impassable by a great faU of snow. It is 
now very Utile used, and the descent by it into the 
valley of Aoste is almost impracticable. 

In whatever way the attempt to turn the pass 



J 



FROM LA TUILLE TO AOSTA. 113 

was made, the troops were finally oUiged to en- 
camp at the entrance of it, and in all probability 
in the plain on which La TuiUe itself is situated. 
The next day was employed in making a road 
good enough for the passage of the cavalry, and 
three more days in constructing one for the ele- 
phants. During these three last days, the infantry 
and cavalry would probably move down the valley 
towards Aoste, with a view to the more easily 
obtaining supplies; for although there are very 
fine pastures and a small plain at Pr^ St. Didier, 
the country grows much richer towards Aoste, 
and no large number either of men or horses could 
have remained long at the former place. From 
La Tuille to Arebrigiiun, or Pr^ St. Didier, 
the Itineraries give six miles, and from thence to 
Aoste twenty.five, or thirty from the difficult 
pass. The troops were now in a fria[idly 
country, and no inconvenience could be ap- 
prehended from the dispersicm of the army in 
difierent quarters, as might be found most con- 
veniait for their subsistence. The valley from 
Pr6 St. Didier to Aoste is, with the exception of 
one short part of it, rich, and well cultivated. There 
are some large villages ; and vineyards b^in shortly 
after the road leaves the former place ; in many 
places it is very wide, and orchards and meadows 
are in great abundance. At Pr6 St. Didier a road 
turns off to Cormayeur and the AUee Blanche at 
the back of the Mont Blanc. At Cormayeur and 



1 14 NUMBEE OF VAXB EMPLOYED 

Pi^ St. Didier tliere fire warm badis. Those at 
the fbrmer are sulphureous ; those of the lifter 
have no miheral qualides, aatid appear to ocmsist 
of nothing but pure water. They are both much 
jfirequented in summ^. The situation of Pre St 
Didier is very striking : surrrounded as it is by 
enormous mountains, and standing in the middle of 
the most beautiful meadows and trees, the verdure 
of which is made more vivid by the contrast with 
the nakedness of the rocks that overhang them, and 
the magnificent glaciers which descend fitun the 
aides of Mont Blanc, into the All^e Blanche. The 
elephants might get down to Pre St. Didia: on die 
efvening of the &urth day, and, supposing this to 
be the case, the whole army would be assembled 
between Aoste and that village by the end (£ the 
fifteenth day fircnn Chevelu, or Lavisco, the ascent 
of the Mont du Chat. The descent from the St 
Bernard probably commenced on the eleventh day; 
for although they arrived on the ninth, and stayed 
two days, yet as they r^ched -the summit early on 
tiie ninA, that day must be reckoned as one of the 
twow One day for Ike passage of the cavalry mak^ 
twelve, aod three for the elephants £fle^i ; and this 
IS the number of days which, according to Poly* 
bius,* he emj^yed in passmg the Alps ; ^* having 
^< performed the passage of the Alps in fifteen days, 
** he descoided boldly into the country of the In- 

* c. 56. 



IN THE PASSAGE OF THE ALPS. 113 

^^subrians, aiid the plains about the Po/' This 
statement is, however, rather inconsistent with the 
account in the beginning of this very same chaptCT, 
which says, that having assembled his army eAev 
the passage of that difficult piece of road, which had 
delayed him for four dayv. he descended, ani 
reached the plains in three dayi'-ojiarch from the 
broken ground, which would give eighteen days 
instead of fifteen. Are we then to consider the 
passage of the Alps as terminated at Pr^ St. Didier, 
or at the commencement of the plains of the Po, 
and the real termination of those moimtains ? It is 
a question of importance, l)ecause it is necessary for 
us to know where our distance of a hundred and 
fifty miles, which Polybius gives as the amount of 
the passage of the Alps, is to terminate. Uet think 
that there can be very little doubt that we must 
read eighteen days instead of fifteen, and that the 
hundred and fifty miles are to be completed at the 
commencement of the plain, and at the spot where 
the army was oicamped, in order to recover from 
its fatigues, that k, at the end of the valley of Ivr6a ; 
k^oit and I am confirmed in this opinion by the words 
that Polybius himself makes use of in the sixtieth 
chapter, in which he says, that having entered Italy, 

he encamped iw' airnv rnv vapuppuav rHv AXirtwvl^ 

and indeed the eniuneration he makes of the losses 
sustained by the army, and the recapitulation of the 

♦ C. 60. 

i2 



116 DISTANCES ON THE ROAD 

march, is not made, till after the fact of their having 
reached the plains has been stated ; and there can 
be no doubt, upon his own shewing, that eighteen 
days must have elapsed before this event took 
place. It is possible that he might have intended 
to leave out of the account the three days employed 
in making the road for the elephants j but I think 
it more probable that he meant, that in fifteen 
days the chief difficulties of the passage were over- 
come, and that he entered into a fiiendly country. 
The hundred and fifty miles cannot, however, be 
considered as concluded, till the whole passage was 
actually finished, and till the army were distri- 
buted into quarters. The ra irBpl rov IIoSov TrcS/a,* 
are the fiiU termination of the march, and appear 
to be always so considered in all the places where 
they are mentioned, and firom them no fiirther 
communication of distances is made. It remains 
therefore to see how the hundred and fifty miles 
agree Avith the arrival at the plains, and the final 
place of encampment. As Polybius says that the 
encampment took place at the very foot of the 
Alps, we must place it between St. Martin and 
Ivrea. For the valley of Aoste ends at St. 
Martin, a little bdow the Fort du Bard, and 
about twelve Roman miles firom Ivrea. The 
Itineraries give a hundred and twenty-nine miles 
from Lavisco to Aoste, and forty-six from thence 

* c. 39. 



J 



FROM CHEVELU TO ST. MARTIN. 117 

to Ivr6a, making a sum of a hundred and se- 
venty-five miles: from which deducting twelve 
miles (the distance from St. Martin to Ivr6a), 
there remain a hundred and sixty-three miles for 
the passage, instead of a hundred and fifty, as 
stated by Polybius. It must be observed, in expla- 
nation of this excess, that the Itineraries give 
generally a longer • distance than the real one. 
The passage of the Little St. Bernard, for instance, 
from Bourg St. Maurice to Pr6 St. Didier is fixed 
at 24 miles ; but from Scez, which is barely two 
miles -from Bourg St. Maurice, the passage can be 
performed with ease in six hours. This would 
give 18 miles from Scez, and 20 from Bourg, 
instead of 24. The distances from Pre St. Didier 
to Aoste, and from this latter place to Verres, are, 
by the best maps, unequal, the former being about 
21 miles, and the latter 24. The Itineraries give 
25 miles to each stage. We have already pointed 
out an efxcess on the Savoy side, according to the 
maps and to the estimate of M. Beaumont, who 
measured the distances on that side of the Alps. 
If, therefore, we make a deduction of 4 miles on the 
Savoy side, 4 more for the passage, and 4 more on 
the Piedmont side, a sum total of 12 miles, we shall 
reduce our distances to 151 miles, which brings us 
within one of the measurement of Polybius; 
and this is certainly as close an approach as can 
be expected in so great an extent of country, 
especially as our author does not, and cannot. 



118 TERMINATION OF THB 

speak with so much certainty with respect to tlm 
distance, as hie does with respect to those which 
were already marked out by the Romans in his 
own time. For the pass^e of the Alps by the 
Little St. Bernard, was only made practicaWe for 
carriages in the time of Augustus. St. Martin* 
may be fairly called the entrsmce of the Alps, for 
two secondary chains of mountains, which nm off 
at right angles from the main chain, meet a Uttle 
above it, and form a very narrow pass, that closed 
the valley of Aoste as with a door. The first of 
these, the Mont Soana, comes in an easterly direc- 
ticwa from the Mont Iseran, and the other runs 

* At Donas the road has been literally cut and chiselled in 
the rock, which closes in to the very edge of the river. Tra- 
dition assigns this very remarkable work to Hannibal, and this 
pass indeed has been known for centuries among the natives as 
that of the Carthaginian army. There can be but little doubt 
that this is what Appian alludes to as the ^/o^o; (nv vvv xaXouoi 
' Ayy<^ou) . Luitprand of Pavia, a Lombard writer, ^d Paulas 
Jovius, have gone so far as to state, that an inscription record- 
ing his passage was visible in the rock. But this opinion Is 
refuted by the writer of the Theatrum Sabaudiae, in the Art 
entitled. Via quam dicunt Annibalis in rupe excisa. We are 
there told, that the inscription which really exists, records the 
passage of Tomaso Grimaldi, a noble Genoese, in 1474. This 
writer concludes by expressing his belief, that this work was 
executed in the time of Augustus. Theatr. Sabaud. vok I 
p< 54. Though we searched for an inscription, we could discover 
none whatever. But the passage itself has always been called 
by the name of Hannibal ; and the Marquis de Pesay, in his 
Topographic des Grandes Alpes, speaks of it as I'endroit nomme 
I'Sscalier d'Amribal. 



PASSAaE AT ST. MAJLTIN. , 119 

south fixxm th« Mont C&rvixi, Here also^ is the 
limit between the ' French and itaHan language 
the Savoyard patois of the former^ being spoken 
as &r as this place, where it entirely ceases. The 
descent, which is rapid the greater way from 
Aoste, ends hare ; and between St. Martin and 
Ivr6a there are no mountains, but only a wide 
valley with hills on each side, and Ivr^a itself is 
completely detached, and stands in the plains. If 
we had supposed the army to have taken the road 
by Aiguebellette or the Mont de PEpine, instead 
of the Mont du Chat, by Chevelu, the distacnce would 
have been shortened by thirteen miles, which 
would bring the army close to Ivrea ; but this is 
not necessary, for there is no obstacle whatever, 
between St. Martin and Ivrea, and the valley, such 
as it is, scarcely rises at all : with respect to the 
real termination, therefore, of the Alps, we may 
safely place it at St. Martin ; and another reason 
which will prevent us from pushing it ftirther, is 
the distance to be performed by the army, in their 
descent of three days, after the passage of ttie 
rocks near La Tuille. From Pr6 St. Didier to 
St* Martin, we have about fifty-five Roman uuIq^ 
which make about eighteen miles a day, too long 
a march, certainly, for troops in the fatigued and 
shattered condition o£ the Carthaginian army. 
In point of fact, however, the cavalry and infantry 
had six days instead of three, to perform this march 
in, since they had three clear days, during the time 



120 DESCRIPTION OF THE ROAD 

that the road was preparing for the elephants ; and 
as the country was now friendly, these animals 
might have followed the army by shorter distances, 
and have arrived at St. Martin a day or two later, 
as they were much exhausted. It is sufficient for 
our. purpose to shew, that it was quite possible 
for the main body of the army to reach St. Martin 
without any difficulty. It is quite impossible 
that the whole army could have been assembled 
at Pr6 St. Didier, as subsistence could not be 
found for them, and they must therefore neces- 
sarily have extended themsdves along the vaUey 
towards Aoste. The modem road between these 
two places, is in some places cut into the rocks 
on the side of the valley, and is sometimes diffi- 
cult, but, generally speaking, the bottom of the 
vaUey itself is by no means bad, and towards 
Aoste it widens considerably, and is very rich; 
There are many very large villages in it, and it is 
extremely populous. This valley was occupied by 
the Salassi, of whom Polybius says nothing, but 
who were probably a branch of the Insubres, since 
they were friendly to the Carthaginians.* At Ville- 
neuve, a few miles above Aoste, we found several 
Roman inscriptions in very good preservation, and 
the town is large and the valley wide here. Aoste 
itself, (Augusta Praetoria) is a well built town, re- 



♦ Ptolemy ranks them under th^ Insubres as well as the 
Libidi. Cluver. Ital. Ant 



FROM AOSTE TO ST. MARTIN. 121 

markable for its triumphal arch, which remains 
very perfect. There are also the remauis of an 
amphitheatre. From Aoste to Chatillon, the 
beauty of the country exceeded any thing we had 
ever seen. The vegetation most abundant. The 
chesnut trees are of a great age, and approach, in 
size, almost to those celebrated ones on Mount 
Etna. The valley, which is very wide, swarms 
with farm houses and small villages, and the roads 
are exceUent. Fine springs of water gush from 
the rocks on each side, and the luxuriance of the 
crops shew that we have reached Italy. Towards 
Verres the valley becomes narrower, and at Donas, 
as has already been observed, it is almost entirely 
closed by the mountains which meet there. 
Nothing can be more picturesque than the effects 
produced by them. Here you emerge from the 
high Alps, and descend gradually upon Ivr^a, 
through a wide valley, bounded by much lower 
heights ; and at Ivrea you find yourself completely 
in the plain, which you see perfectly from St. 
Martin, a little below Donas. At this place, then, 
if our reasoning be conclusive, the army would 
arrive on the eighteenth day from Chevelu, or 
about the fourth of November, and they were 
immediately encamped at the very foot of the 
mountains ; and by no other known passage over 
the Alps, excepting the Great St. Bernard, could 
Hannibal have descended among the Insubrians ; 
but the distances alone, setting aside all other 
reasons, put the Great St. Bernard out of the 



12i DESCENT OF HANNIBAL 

question. It is remarkable, that almost all the 
writers who have written in &vour of the Mont 
Genevre, have totally overlooked the posi- 
tive assertion of Polybius, that Hannibal de- 
scended among the InsubrianS) and have, relied on 
the authority of Livy, who brings him directly upon 
the country of the Taurini, or Turin, among whom 
he came, indeed, as Polybius tells us, but not till 
after he had recruited his troops among the Insu- 
brians. There can be no doubt who these latti^ 
were ; Livy himself tells us, tiiat Milan was their 
capital, and both he and Polybius say, expressly^ 
that they were at war with the Taurini. Accord- 
ing to the best authors, these nations were di- 
vided by the Orca, to the south of which river 
were those nations who were Ligurians, and to the 
north the Gauls. The former had been subdued^ 
and were friendly •, the latter, from constant wars> 
were still hostile to the Romans.* In the forty- 
fourth chapter, Polybius expressly states, that the 
envoys sent from the plains about the Po were 
Gtiuls ; and as they were to accompany, and even 
to guide, the army over the Alps, they would 
naturally bring them first into their own country, 
in order that they might recover from the fiitigues 
of the march. M. De Luc closed the 150 miles at 
Aoste ; but in our opinion incorrectly : for, even if 
we put dates and distances out of the question, it is 

♦ In Polybius's account of the war between the Oauls and 
Romans^ no mention whatever is made of the Ligurians ad 
having taken a part in it. 



AMONG THE 1N8UBRIANS. 123 

impossible to say that the plain of Aoste is the 
coiintxy which borders on the Po, since it is 
separated from the real plains near Ivr^a by a long 
valley of 30 miles in length. The error has arisen 
from not taking into consideration the three days 
of descent in addition to the fifteen first etnployed 
in the passage. In consequence of this, M. De Luc 
has been unable to make his distances agree with 
those of Polybius as accurately as they ought to 
do* This gentleman has, in his second edition, cor- 
rected this error, and has adopted our calculations. 
It is not necessary for us to carry the discussion 
ftirther than the capture of Turin, which was 
effected after a siege of three days, and which 
terrified the neighbouring district into submission. 
The circumstance of this attack is in itself a suflS- 
cient proof, that he did not descend by the Mont 
Genevre ; for we know that the Insubres were his 
allies, and that they were at war with the Taurini : 
how can it then be supposed, that these last Mrould 
have suffered the Carthaginians to encamp in per- 
fect tranquillity at the foot of the Alps, and con- 
sequently almost at the very gates of their city, 
while they themselves knew that they were in 
alliance with their enemies, and while they were 
in such a state of weakness and disorganisation, 
that it would have been impossible for them to 
have opposed any resistance to a well combined 
attack ? And would Hannibal, on entering a terri- 
tory whose inclinations towards him were at least 



124 CAPTURE OF TURIN 

doubtful, have dispersed his army, and left himself 
entirely without defence, in the manner described 
by Polybius? Among the Insubrians, on the 
contrary, he was at liberty to recruit his forces 
without any fears ; and what was more natural 
than that he should turn his arms first against the 
enemies of those allies to whom he had been so 
much indebted, especially as by defeating them he 
secured the neutrality, at least, if not the more 
active co-operation, of the country in their 
neighbourhood : more especially as the Ligurians 
occupied a lai;ge district in the north of Italy, and 
were a powerful tribe, whom it became necessary 
therefore to conciliate, or to awe into submission by 
force. We find indeed,, firom Livy, that after the 
capture of Turin, Hannibal was joined by a large 
body of that nation. Here then we may close this 
branch of the discussion, in which we have endea- 
voured to confine ourselves strictly to Polybius, 
and to make the road, by which we have supposed 
the army to march, agree with his account.* It 

* Much information on the passage of the Little St. Bernard 
will be obtained from M. Brockedon's most beautifrd work on 
the Passes of the Alps, which is now in course of publication. 
The vignette of his first number gives a view; of the pass i^ear 
La Tuille, which has been so often alluded to, and the resem- 
blance is most accurate. The work in general is so remarkable, 
in addition to its other merits, for its faithftd representation of 
the places which it describes, that we may consider ourselves 
altogether as extremely fortunate in having the benefit of so 
able an illustrator as Mr. Brockedon. 



BY HANNIBAL. 125 

now remainis for us to examine the hj^otheses of 
other writers who have treated on this subject, 
and to shew that they all disagree vnth our author, 
and that some of them are absolutely inconsistent 
with themselves ; and as Livy is the source of all 
the opinions in favour of the Mont Genevre, we 
shall examine his account in the following chapter. 



126 livy's description 



- ; 



CHAP. VIII. 



EXAMINATION OF LIVY*S ACCOUNT. 

M. DE Luc, in his very ingeniouB refutation of 
Livy, by a comparison with Polybius, has intro- 
duced the parallel passages of the two authors, and 
has, by this means, shewn how closely the Latin 
historian has generally copied the Greek one, as 
well as the new matter which he has introduced ; 
but as this comparison may be easily made, we 
shall, in order to avoid needless repetitions, con- 
fine ourselves to those passages where he forsakes 
his original; for that Pqlybius was. that original 
cannot be doubted by any one who wiU take the 
trouble of reading the two accounts together. 

And, first, it may be noticed as somewhat 
singular, that he never once, in the whole course 
of his narrative, acknowledges that he is indebted 
to Polybius. Again, the total want of all compu- 
tation of distance, though Polybius prefaces his 
account with a very exact detail on this head, 
must strike every observer as being the result, if 



OF THE PASSAGE OF HANNIBAL. 127 

not of design, at least of great negligence and 
inaccuracy. 

Having brought: Hannibal from the Pyrenees to 
the Rhone, and made him cross that river at the 
same point, and under the same circumstances 
which Polybius describes, Livy tells us,* that on 
Uie day after Hannibal had harangued his army, 
he set forward along the Rhone, and up the stream 
towards the interior of Gaul ; not that this was his 
nearest way to the Alps, but because he conceived 
that the farther he retired from the sea, the less 
probabiUty there would be of his encountering the 
Lmans, with whom he was not desirous oflght. 
ing before he reached Italy. 

Now we in vain look in Polybius for such a 
commait on Hannibal's movement up the Rhone; 
OB the contrary, we are assured that it must have 
formed part of the original plan : this appears 
plainly from the thirty-ninth chapter of the third 
book, in which the distances are enumerated from 
the passage of the Rhone to the arrival of the 
army in Italy; and which proves, beyond a 
doubt, that the march up the Rhone was not 
forced upon Hannibal by the approach of Scipio, 

* Postero die prafectus adversH rip& Rhodani^ mediber- 
ranea GaUiar petit; iK>n quia rectior ad Alpes via essei, sed 
quantum a mari recessisset miims obvium fore Romanum 
credens; cum quo priusquam in Italiam ventum foret^ non 
erat in animo manus eonserere. Liv. lib. xxi. cap. 31. ed. 
Crevier. 



128 LIVY*S DESCRIPTION OF 

but must have been undertaken according to his 
previous design and plan. Polybius has expressly 
declared,* that Hannibal had formed the whole plan 
of his march long beforehand. He had well ascer- 
tained, previously to setting out, all the diflSculties 
and dangers which must necessarily attend so bold 
and arduous an undertaking ; he had weU inquired 
into the nature of the country and places through 
which Jie was to pass, as well as the character and 
disposition of its inhabitants ; above all, he relied on 
the guides of the country, Ka0riyefi6(nv kyywpioiQ^ who 
had advanced to the passage of the Rhone to meet 
him, and who, as they were to share his good or 
ill fortune, were necessarily devoted to his cause. 
Are we then to suppose, that the tmexpected 
appearance of the Roman consul at the mouth of 
the Rhone, at a distance of four days' march from 
the Carthaginian camp, could have the efiect of 
totally deranging such a well-digested plan, of 
altering combinations so deliberately made, of 
counteracting measures so maturely weighed and 
organized ? — or, rather, must we not attribute this 
comment of Livy to the necessity under which he 
found himself, of giving some explanation of the 
deviation here assumed from the course which he 
supposes Hannibal intended to follow? 

We repeat, that nothing of this sort is to be 
found in Polybius. The only measure which, in 

* Polyb. lib. iii. cap. 34 — 48. 



THE PASSAGE OF HANNIBAL. 129 

his account, seems to imply ^apprehension on the 
Carthaginian general's part, is the prudent pre^ 
caution of placmg the cavalry and elephants in the 
rear in his march towards ^ the north, . after the 
passage of the Rhone. 

But allowing for a moment the truth of Liv/s 
assertion, and supposing Hannibal to have ori- 
ginally intended to proceed to the Alps by the 
shortest way, "qua rectior ad Alpes via esset,*'* how 
ar^ we to account for his crossing the Rhone so 
much above the Durance, along whose banks he 
might have marched with as much facility, and as 
little molestation from the enemy, as along the 
Rhone ? If no reason can be assigned, it follows, 
that it never entered into his determination to 
proceed that way. 

Livy,t however, goes on to tell us, that Han- 
nibal in four days arrived at the country called 
the Insula, which we have seai so accurately 
described by Polybius. The Roman historian 
merely informs u^, that this name is given to a cer- 

* The Roman way followed the Durance from Cabellio^ 
Cavaillan, to Apta Julia, Apt; Segustero^ SUteron; Ebro- 
dunum> Emhrun, to Brigantio^ Briangon, and the Mont G^enevte. 
Wesseling. Vet Rom. Itmer. p. 342> 3. 

t Quartis caatris ad Insulam pervenit: ibi IstanL Rhocla« 
nueque anmes^ diversis ex Alpibus decurrentes^ agri aliquan- 
tum amplexi^ confluunt in unum. Mediis campis Insulse 
nomen inditum; inoolunt prope Allobroges, gens jam inde nulla 
Gallica genteopibus autfama inferior. Lib. xxi. c. 31, 

K 



J 



'^ 



130 DIFF£a£NCE 9BTWEEV THE 

tain portion of territory encompassed by the hefe* 
and BiKme at their junction; thus omitting aU 
menticm of the mountainous barrier which dosed 
the third side» as well as of its extent and fertility. 
This difference between the two accounts m as 
atrfldng as its reason is manifest. Polybius evidently 
describes a country in which the operations he dep 
tadls are carried on, and consequaottly wishes to 
make his readers as weU acquainted with its situa* 
tion as possible ; while Livy necessarily omits ft 
detail which would be in evident contradiction with 
the route he had in view. Nor is the ht^r mor« 
correct or exact in the position whidb he as8%ns 
to the AQobroges. " Hard by,'* says he, "live tfce 
Allobroges ;** surely not near the Insula, as Creviesr 
well observes, but in it. It certainly iB in the In^ 
sjiila that Polybius places the scene of tiiose Ixans- 
actios, jn which Hannibal settled the disputes 
between the two brothers^ by securmg to d^ 
elder the possession of the throne. 'Kiese are aJ* 
lowed by livy to be AllolMroges j while, howevePt 
he copies from the Greek historian the general 
facts, he still amplifies and adorns the narrative in 
a manner peculiar to himself. He then proceeds 
to state^t that Hannibal, having settled tiie dis« 

"^ 'Hiough moBt of the MSS. restd Ar^r, it is dear that it 
ought to he Isara. One MS. reads Bisarar^ which gives the 
true reading Ihi Isara. 

t Sedatis ce^rtaminihus AUohr^gtm^ quum jam Ai^a pe- 
teret, non repti regione Uer in^ti^^it i aed ad Isbvma in Tri* 



ACCOUNTS OF LIVY AND POLYBIUS. 181 

putes, did not ocMitinue his march by the direct 
route, but incKned to the left towards the Tricas* 
tini ; that is, he did not take -the road which would 
have brought him to Vienne and the Mont du 
Chat, by still continuing his march along the 
Hhone, but he soiight to regain the road which led 
to the Cottian Alp in the best and shcHtest mami^ 
he could. If in this account, however, livy ia 
eonmstent with his plan and hypotibesis, he is not 
equally so with reason and Polyl»us. With reason, 
because it seems absurd to imagine that Hannibeil 
should cross the Isere either with the whole or part 
of his army, to waste time of so much value in 
settling a dispute with which he could have no 
concern, had his amval in the counta^ not ferfiEied 
a natural incident in his march. With Polybius, 
because his silence as to aU deviation, nay, ratiier 
his poi^tive declaration to the contrai^^, from the 
computation x)f the mardi along the Rhone, pre- 
vents us from supposing he coi^d ^ all have en- 
teartained the idea. 

Let us, however, see how the Qarthaginian army 
is to arrive at the Mont Oenevre from t}ie left bank 
c£ the Isere, if it il^ contended tl^t it ^d not c;ros$ 
^lat river. 

It will surely not be by returning to the Tricas- 

castinos flexit: inde per extremam oraxn Vocontiorum agri 
teleadk in Trioovios : haud luquam imt>edki via^ priusquam 
ad Druentiam flumen penraut Is et ipse Alpinus amnis^ 
longe omnium Gkdlie flnminum diffidUimiia tranritu es^^ te* 

K 2 



132 DESCRIPTION OF THE ROAD ; 

tini ; tlmt is, nearly to the very point from which tibey 
had set out after the passage of the Rhone. Nor 
is it possible to conceive how thtf Tricastini, the 
people of St. Paul-Trois-Ch^teaux, could have been 
to the -left of the Carthaginian army as it moved 
from the Isere. There is sufficient reason, there- 
fiwe, for supposing the passage to be corrupt ; and, 
if a conjecture mi^t be allowed in a difficulty, 
which seems scarcely to admit of a more reason- 
aUe explanation, we should be inclined to suppose 
that these words, "ad Jaevam in Tricastinos fleMt,*' 
are in their wroiig place, and ought to have forttied 
part'^f'the passage quoted from the beginning of 
tlie same chapter.* This will at least enable us to 
obviate what is so repugnant to reason and common 
sense. 

Another way of explaining this turn to the left, 
might be by supposing the army to retrace its 
steps, and to march directly down the Rhone from 
the island, in which case it would on its arrival at 
St. Paul-Trois-Chateaux, turn oflF to the left, and 
skirting the Vocontii on thear southern extremity, 
reach the Durance at Sisteron. There exists at 
present a road in this direction by Nions and 
Serres, but it is difficult and mountainous. This 
return down the Rhone would also be inconsistent 



* This passage might then stand thus: Postero 4ie pro-, 
fectus adverse rip& Rhodani^ ad laevam in Trioastinosfl«ctit et 
niediterranea Gallise petit. 



( LAID DOWN BY LIYY. 133 

with the reasons which, according to Livy, had 
induced Hannibal to march up that river as far aa 
the island, namely, to avoid the Roman army, since, 
by this countermarch, he would run the risk c£ 
falling directly in with them. 

In this return from the Insula towards the 
Durance, it is also possible that Livy might have 
had in view the road laid down in the Itineraries, 
as leading from Valentia (Valence) on the Rhone, 
and near its junction with the Isere, by Dea Vocon- 
tiorum (Die), and the Mons Seleucus (Mont 
Saleon), to Vapincum (Gap), and Eburodunum 
(Embrun), on the Durance. This road we- have 
before alluded to in examining Caesar^ march over 
the Mont Genevre, and it would certainly conduct 
Hannibal through the Vocontii j but the question 
is, where to find the Tricorii, whom D'Anville 
would place in the valley of the Drac, a river 
which joins the Isere near Grenoble, whfle M. die 
Valois, without sufficient authority, supposes their 
capital to be Vapincimi or Gap. It must be ob- 
served also, that D*AnviHe founds all his reasoning 
on this passage of Livy, and that he imagines the 
northern extremity of the territory of the Vocontii 
to be here meant. The question is evidently one 
of great intricacy, and whidh must be left to geo- 
graphers to settle.* But by whichever route we 

* Cluverius conceives that some vestiges of the ancient 
name may yet be traced in the town of Cors or Gorps^ si-> 



134 DESCRIPTION OF THE ROAD 

suppose Hannibal, according to Livy, to have 
reached the Durance, it will be found to agree but 
litde with the description given by Polybius,* of 
a pl^ country through which Hannibal passed 
without molestation, being protected by his cavalry 
and the friendly escort of the Allobroges; We 
have also seen, that Polybius expressly stated the 
coimtry which he then traversed to be that of the 
AUobroges ; so that uiiless we suppose that de- 
nomination to have extended also to the Vocontii; 
who are mentioned earlier than the AUobroges in 
the Roman history,t and consequently must have 
been a distinct people,, we shall have here evidence 
sufficiaitly decisive, that the routes d^cribed by 
the two historians are perfectly different. 

Hannibal having reached Embrun, would there 
certainly find the Durance, but not such as it ia 
described by the Roman historian, tvhose exag- 
gerated account of the ravages of this Alpine tor* 
rent, and the dijOKculties attending its passage, can 

tutted neaar tliiS source of the Drac^ stAd is tHerefore inclined 
to place t^s nation in the valley of that river. (Gluver. ItaL 
Antiq. p. 372.) His authority has been followed in the an- 
nexed map. 

•'Polyb.l.iii.c.50. 

t M. FulviuB Fkccus triiuaphed over the Ligmnons and 
Vocontii^ A. U. C. 629; one year be^e G. Domitius Mao^ 
barbus obtained a similar honour for a victory over the Alio- 
brotges. Fasti. Capit apud Pigh. Liv. SuppL Freins. L Ix. 
e.39. 



LAID Dt)WN BY LtVX. 185 

only agree, as M. De Luc wdl dbsarves, with thd 
latter part of its course, after it has received the 
waters of the Bleauntie, to its junction with the 
Rhone at Avignon. 

Hannibal, continues Livy,* having crossed the 
Duraofice, at length reaches the Alps^ we are 
besides informed, that his Hne of march from that 
river lay chiefly through a plain coimtry, and that 
he accompUshed it without molestation. The 
reader will rem^nber, that these were precisely 
the circumstances, if we except all menticm of the 
Durance, under which Polybius brought the Car- 
thaginian army to the foot of the Alps *, the 
avaSoXi) tHjv "AXn^tav* But s^uch a description will be 
found to agree but Uttle with the cotmtty to which 
Livy has now conducted them. In the TaUey of 
the Durance th^y would be engaged in the very 
midst of the Alps ; and if we consider Embrun as 
the first point where they would find the Durance, 
they would be within a few miles only of Brians 
f on,t at the foot of Mont Genevre, or the central 
chain. 

The surprise which this circiunstance must 
create in the mind of the reader, who has given 

* C. 32. Aiudibal ab Dru^itia campestri maxiitie itiiiere 
cum bona pace ad Alpes incolentium ea loca Gallorum per- 
venit, &c. 

t D'Anville estimates the distance at little more than 28 
miles. Not de TAnc Gaole, Art Rama. p. 58?. Wesseling, 
Itiner. vet Rom. p. 341. 



136 IMlSCRIPTrON OF THE 

his attention to the subject, is not at alilikely to 
be abated upon finding that livy here again takes 
up Polybius*8 account, at the very point where 
that historian has brought the Carthaginian army 
to the foot of the first range of the Alps. The 
description, however, which Livy gives of the 
defile, at the entrance of which Hannibal found his 
prc^ess exposed by the Barbarians, whom he 
calls mountaineers,* is very difierent fi:om that of 
Polybius, which was found to agree so well with 
the passage of the Mont du Chat. Livy*s fine and 
wintery description can only apply to the central 
and snowy chain ; and even then, will scarcely suit 
the Mont Genevre, which, though forming part 
of the primitive range, is in elevation far below 
the point of eternal snow, not exceeding 950 
toises, or 6000 feet above the level of the sea. 

Here then we find ourselves entangled and 
bewildered in difficulties, from which it seems 
impossible to extract any sense or truth ; and we 
may in fact conclude, that whether we have been 
correct or not in our explanation of Polybius's 
account, it is impossible to attach any credit what- 
ever to that of Livy. We must also conclude, 
that the latter, having adopted a fixed plan, and 
being determined to bring Hannibal into Italy by 
the Mont Genevre, has endeavoured to force and 



, * C. 32. Erigentibus in primos agmen ctivos adparuerunt 
inminentes tumulos insidentes montani. 



PASSAGE OF THE MONT GENEVRE. 137 

twist the narrative of the Greek historian, whcnn 
he did not understand, to his views, without con- 
sidering whether the circumstances of distance, 
time, or place, would be found to tally. He in 
fact presents us with a lively example of those 
writers, whose account of this expedition Polybius* 
censures as so improbable and void of reason ; and 
who, like the tragic writers, would want a god or 
some other machine to extricate their hero from 
his difficulties. 

Let us however proceed in our comparison. 
Hannibal having occupied the defile during tiie 
night, when the mountaineers retired to their 
homes, is attacked next morning during the des- 
cent ; he succeeds, however, in routing his assail- 
ants, and finally capturing their city or strong 
holdjt and the adjoining villages. 

Now as we are compelled to place the scene of 
action on the Mont Genevre, we are consequentiy 
obliged to suppose that Hannibal was there op- 
posed by the Segusini, or the people of the valley of 
Susa, and contiguous to the Caturiges,1:on whose ter- 
ritory the army would have marched from Embrun 

■ • Polyb. 1. iii. c. 47- 

t Castellum inde^ quod caput ejus regionis erat> viculos- 
que drcumjectos capit 

i Ptolemy would indeed give Brian9on to the Segusini^ but 
D'Anville contends with reason for its belonging to the Ca- 
turiges. Not. De I'Anc. Gaul. art. Brigantio and Caturiges^ 
p. 174—215, 16. 



XS8 DESCRIPTION OF THE 

to Brian^on. The town which fell into the haads 
of the victor, could therefore be no other than Ce* 
zanne, at the foot of the mountsun (m the Italian 
side, though it never could have beai of sufficient 
importance to deserve the title of " caput regionis j*' 
nor could the wretched valley in which it stands 
ever have furnished the supplies, which must have 
been required to subsist so numerous an army. 
If Hannibai from this place continued h]£t march, 
as he naturally would along the Doria Susana, he 
would have reached Tiuin in six days at least, 
without meeting with any (^er mountain to 
obstruct his passage. ; this cannot, however, be the 
route -v^^ch Livy has in view, since he follows* 
Pdlybius in nearly all the circumstances which 
that writer appUed to Hannibal's march after hav- 
ing passed the first defile, and which we found to 
agree so well with the passage of the Little St. 
Bernard. Let us, however, suppose that the Car- 
thaginian army would attempt to proceed by the 
Col de Sestrieres, as the Ron^tn amlies certainly 
did, before a free passage was allowed them through 
Cottius's dominions,! we shall still find a perfect 
disagreement between that route and the Roman 
historian's accoimt. Cezanne is situated at the 

» 

* C. 34. 'Perventum inde ad frequentem cultoribus alium, 
ut inter moatana pqpulum^ ibi nan bello aperto^ sed stds 
artibus^ fraude^ deinde insidiis est -jprape drcumyentus. Magno 
natu principes castellorum oratores ad Poeauin Teniant, Sec 

t See the Ist Chapter. 



PASSAGE OF THE MONT OENEVRE. ISQ 

fiiot of the Col de Sestrieres as well as the Moid: 
Genevre j so that a person setting out from thence, 
might easily pass the form^ mountain in one day ^ 
whereas, from Livy's acx^ount, Hannibal was nine 
days in reaching the summit of the Alps,* frcsn 
the town he captured ; so that it is impossible on 
eitiier suppositioik' to reconcile Livy's narrative 
with tfuth. 

Yet has it been contended,^ tiiat Livy could 
nevet have meant to place fdie first defile,^ or the 
entrance of the Alps, at the Mont Genevre, but 
that we must look for this entrance of the Alps 
before the army reached the Durance. Now this 
supposition is entirdy contradicted by the text of 
the author, and can oidy be admitted by implying 
a manifest error in his' narrative: still we will 
allow £oi a mt^nent^ that Hannibal might have 
been attacked by the Catuorigest on his crossing 
into thdbr country &om that of the Tricorii and that 
he reached the Mont Genevre on the ninth day. 
We shall yet be able to shew tih^t this mountain 
can no more be conceived to be the second 
than it was the first passage : that it differs, in 
short, entirely from livy's own description,, and 

• C. 35. Nono die in jugum Alpiiun perventum est, per 
invia pleraque et errores, quos ant ducentiiun fraus, aut, ubi 
fides lis non esset, temei^e' initse valles a conjectantibus iter, 
&debant 

t This is the suppositicm of General de Vaudoncourt^ in his 
Hist des Campagnes d'Hannibal^ Milan, 1812. 



140 DESCRIPTION OF THE 

from that of Polybius. Having visited this moun- 
tain as well as the Little St. Bernard, during the 
summer of 1819* with a view to this question, we 
shall here present the reader with the result of 
our observations. 

The town - of Brian^on is situated in a valley 
from which three others branch oflF in different 
directions ; that of the Guisanne to the N. W., 
the fertile valley of Neuwache to the N., and the 
valley . of the Durance, which descends from Mont 
Genevre, to the S. W. The foot of this moimtain 
is little more than two miles from the town ; the 
valley that leads to it is at present drfended by the 
numerous ^d formidable forts of Brian^on, but it 
is too wide to admit of an army suffering from 
any attack made from the heights on either side 
with such missiles as thei moimtaineers could have 
used. The present beautifril road over the Mont 
Genevre, constructed by French engineers under 
the reign of Buonaparte, ascends the right bank of 
the Durance ; the old road could be traced for a 
considerable way on the left bank, but still it 
would be too remote from the mountains on that 
side to riender any attack from that quarter at all 
formidable. The mountains themselves are too 
high and difficult of access to favour this suppo- 
sition : in fine, this valley is much too considerable 
to answer the notion conveyed by the terms 

(j^apayya Tiva SvcrGarov Kal jcp?7fiva>Si7, in Polybius,* Or 

* Polyb. 1. iii. c. 52. 



PASSAGE OF THE MONT OENEVRE. 141 

the " angustiorem viam ex parte alterd subjectam 
jugo insuper imminenti,** in Livy.* 

The modem road runs for some time m a N. 
direction, towards the valley of Neuwache, and 
then winds roimd the mountain which separates 
this valley from that of the Durance. The old 
road keeps constantiy on the left bank of the 
river, which is here, however, but a very incon- 
siderable stream. The ascent on that side seems 
by no means abrupt, and presents no difficult 
passage or defile, till within a short distance of the 
summit, where the heights close in on both sides 
considerably, and form a passage not unlike that of 
the Mont du Chat. : The simimit itself is a long 
and wide plain, tolerably well cultivated in parts. 
The large village of Bourg Mont Genevre is 
situated neariy in the centre: the heights them- 
selves on either, side of the plain do not* rise to a 
thousand feet above its level, and are covered to 
the top with abimdance of large fir trees. This 
description, it will easily be seen, essentially differs 
from Polybius's accoimt of the high summit on 
which Hannibal jurrived on the ninth day. We 
are there told, that the summit was so &r fit>m 
being cultivated^ that it was destitute of all vegeta- 
tion ; and unless a great change in the climate and 
temperature of the Alps be supposed to have iaken 
place since that time, this must be allowed to pre-. 

* Wv. 1. xxi.c. 34. 



142 DESCRIPTION OF THE 

sent a strong argutn^it against Iivy*s hypothesis. 
The temperature mdeed of some rallies, may have 
been improved to a certsutn degree byBuperior cul- 
tivation; in others also, where the snows and 
^aciers advance and recede at stated periods, like 
the ebb and flow <rf the sea, tsome variation may 
wdl be conceived ; but these eflects are but par- 
tial, and the general features of Alpine scenery and 
v^etation can have undergone but little change 
since it3ie days of Polybius ; for that author, when 
combating the false notions and exaggerated ac- 
counts whidi certain writers gave of the Alps, 
states, that ev6n in those early times they weie 
inhabited by many and numerous tribes. And if 
the present state of the Mcmt Grenevre diffi^rs fixwn 
the account given by Polybius, of the sununit of the 
Alps, much more does it vary from Livy, who 
describes not only the summit, but all parts of 
these mountains as covered witii snow, and stiff 
with frost. 

The plain of the Mont Genevre is about three 
miles in lengtii, and at its termination on the 
Italian side the descent is very rapid, and in zig- 
zag down a steep ravine, whidi affords a passage 
for the waters of /the Xtoria Susana, The old i^oad 
still keeps xm liie same side, which bec(unas :now 
ike right i>ank ^ the river. This part of tibie de- 
soent is known by the name of the Tourniquet ; 
and supposing this to represent the difficulties en- 
countered by the Carthaginian army previous to 



PASSAGE OF THE MONT GENEVRE. 148 

tfaek reaching the point rendered impassaUe by 
the i^iUing away of the road and old snow, we shaU 
find ourselves at Cezanne, without meeting a single 
spot which could agree willi the last mentioned 
drcumstance. Upon repeated inquiries, indeed, 
we invariably received the same answer, that there 
was not one point on whidi snow was known to 
r^nain all the year round. The valley of the 
Doria is indeed so wide, evai long before reaching 
Cezanne, that it raiders such a supposition alto- 
gether untenaUe. 

We must also observe, that from no part of the 
passage can a view of Italy be obtained ; for the 
chain of the Col de Sestrieres ^itirely blocks up the 
vdley of Fenestrelles to the east, while Mont Cenis 
and the mountains of Maurienne equally obstruct 
the view to the north, by the valley of Exilles and 
Sittsa. At Cezanne the descent terminates; and 
from tib^ice to Turin, there is not one point which 
would present any difficulty, much less wh^e we 
n%ht expect to fin i in autumn snow of the pre<> 
ceding year. Though the valley of Cezanne is 
cultivated in some degree, it is altogether poor and 
barren, nor at all to be compared with the environa 
of St. Didier in the Yal d'Aoste. As far as Ibdlles, 
indeed, lliere are no pastures, the river Doria cover- 
ing the whole plain with stones or morass. There 
yet remain a few circumstances to be pointed out, 
in which livy's narrative differs from tliat of Poly- 
bius. Of the story of the vinegar used in softening 



144 VARIOUS ERRORS IN 

rocks,* it is difficult to say whence it derived its 
origin, and whether there is in reality any foun- 
dation for it: certain it is, that Polybius never 
leads us to suppose that such an expedient was 
resorted to by Hannibal. It is quite improbable 
that the Carthaginian army should have had any 
great supply of . that acid ; or if they had, that it 
could produce any effect on primitive rock. There 
is also a manifest contradiction in this story of 
Livy ; for while he tells us that Hannibal made an 
immense fire to heat the rock, he forgets that else- 
where he has informed us that the summit of the 
Alps is naked, and destitute of trees.t M. De Luc 
also very justly notices another strange error into 
which Livy has fallen with respect to this rock, 
when he represents the road as having fallen away, 
and formed a precipice of a thousand feet high ; 
whereas in Polybius this slip of the road is clearly 
stated to have taken place not in respect to height, 
but length.t By this alteration, the operation 
which Hannibal's soldiers had to perform, and 

* G. 37* Inde ad rupem muniendam^ per quam unam via 
esse poterat^ milites ducd^ quum caedendum esset saxum^ 
arboribus drca immanibus dejectis detruncatisque^ struem 
ingentem ligiuirum faciunt ; eamque (quum et vis venti apta 
fadendo igni coorta esset) succendunt, ardentiaque saxa infuso 
aceto putrefadunt. 

f C. 37* Nuda enim fere cacumina sunt^ et, si quid est 
pabuli^ obruunt nives. 

X C. 36. Natura locus jam ante prseceps^' recenti lapsu 
terra :in pedum mille admodum altitudinem abruptus erat. 



livy's account. . 14A 

^diidi is so naturally stated in the Greek historian, 
in Livy becomes absurd and unintelligible. 
' Livy states besides, that Hannibal allowed his 
troops three days rest, after their fatigues during 
this work J* and yet he allows it is generally 
agreed, that the Carthagiman army performed their 
march throiigh the Alps in fifteen days, when, by 
his own calculation, the number of days amounts to 
nineteen. 

It must, however, be remarked that the same 
inconsistency, as it should seem, equally attaches 
to Polybius ; and that the only difference, in fact, 
between them, as to the days spent among the Alps; 
is not in their number, biit in the manner in which 
they are said to have been passed by the army, 
Polybius's three additional days are spent in reach- 
mg the plains from the last difficult pass; according 
to Livy, they are days of rest, allowed to the army 
after their fatigues. He also represents the Car- 
thaginians as having been exposed to many errors 
and wanderings, from the treachery of their guides 
or the rashness of their leaders. In this circum- 
stance he again differs from Polybius, whose silence 
on so important a point cannot' but be construe^ 
as a reftitation of the fact. - ^ 

Livy having finally brought Hannibal into 
Italy, expresses his siuprise that it should ever 

* n>i jumenta in pabulum missa^ et quies mumendo fessis 
hominibus data iriduo. Ibid. 



146 livy's reasons for 

have been nmtter cf doubt in whi^ direction Haix* 
nibal crossed the Alps.^ He with reason rejects 
the popular opinion, which considered the Great 
St. Bernard as that passage, from the false idea of 
its having derived the name of Mons Penninus 
from the term Poeni, when it evidently was so 
called from the worship of the Celtic god Pen. 
But his reasons for rejecting the opinion of L« 
Cselius Antipater, who affirmed, in his history of 
the Second Punic war, th^ Hannibal had passed 
by the Cremonis jugum, are not equally vidid. 
The authority of this early historian constitutes 
indeed a very material feature in the present in- 
quiry. From what has been said of him in the 
remarks on the early history of the Alps, it is 
evident that his testimony ought not easily to be 
rejected or overlooked. From the period at which 
he wrote, he possessed means of information whidi 
alone would entitle his statement to a degree of 

* 0. 38. Id quum inter oitmes oonstet, eo magis txdnxt 
axbbig^ quaxiam Alpes traxisierit: et vulgo credere, Penino 
atque i]id« nomen et jugo Alpium ^iidituni^ transgressuxnu 
Coelius^ per Cremonis jugum dicit transisse : qui ambo saltus 
eum non in Taurines^ sed per Salassos montanos ad Libuos 
Oallos deduxissent. Nee rerisimile etst^ ea turn ad Galliaitt 
{Mtxiisse itinera; utique^ quee ad Peninum fisrunt^ obeepta 
gentibu0 semigermanis fuissent neque, Hercule^ montibus 
his (si quern forte id movit) ab transitu Poenorum ullo Ver- 
agri^ incolse jugi ejus^ norunt nomen inditum; sed ab eo, 
quem^ in summo sacratum vertice^ Peninum montani appel- 
lant 



ADOPTING THE MONT OENBVaS. 147 

attentuxL very superior to that clain^ hy Iivy« 
since the latter quotes no authority whateva*. So 
that even if we were to set aside the testimony of 
Polybius as indeterminate, on account of his not 
naming the pass of the Alps which Hannibal 
crossed, we might rest the cause of the Little 
St. Bernard with safety on the evidence which 
livy himself afibrds us by adducing this account 
of Cadius. Livy seems to allow that this passage 
might have been frequented at that time, but 
maintains that it could not have been that of H^i^ 
nibal, as it would not have brought him dirediy 
upon the Taurini, but the Libuan Gauls. << Now rt 
is agreed,** says he, " on all hands, that he arrived 
among the Taurini after crossing the Alps.** Cer- 
tainly not, according to Polybius, who states posi- 
tively, that having refreshed his troops by a few 
days* halt, he entered boldly into the country of 
the Insubres. Now the Libui are reckoned by 
Ptol^ny* under the Insubres, so that Polybius and 
Caelius may very well be conceived to agree in this 
particular. Livy, however, rejects the account. of 
Cadius on the authority of L« Cincius Alimentu8,t 

♦ Ptol. Geo^. 

t C. 38. L. Cincius Alimentus^ qui captum se ab Hannibale 
scribit^ maxime auctor me moveret— -ex ipso autem audisse 
Haimibale^ postquam Rhodanum tranderit> trigmta sex millia 
hominuin^ ingentemque numerum equorum et albrum jumen- 
torum amisisse^ in Taurinis^ quae Qallis proxima ^ens erat^ in 
Italiam degresso. 

l2 



148 INCONSISTENCIES CONTAINED 

9n early Roman historian, who became Hannibal's 
prisoner, and had an opportunity of hearing that 
general state, that from the passage of the Rhone to 
his arrival among the Taurihi, he had lost 36,000 
men, besides a vast nmnbef of horses and beasts of 
burthen. However confused and perplexed the 
passage undoubtedly is, the meaning seems evi- 
dently to be, that Hannibal's whole loss, from 
the time of his crossing the Rhone to his axrival 
among the Taurini, amounted to the number 
above stated. Now it is well remarked by Gib- 
bon,* that " Hamiibal wished to give an idea of the 
**. losses he had sustained in passing the mooii- 
'^ tains, in consequence of battles, cold, and 
fatigue. He begins, therefore, from his cross- 
ing the Rhone, and ends at his arrival in the 
territory of the Taurini ; since it was really in 
their country, and by taking their capital, that 
he began his operations in Italy, Their terri- 
tory, therefore, formed the limit between things 
totally distinct — his losses in Italy and those in 
the Alps, It was not necessary that the 
country of the Taurini should be the first place 
of Italy into which he descended from the 
Alps ; it sufficed that it was the first where he 
fought a battle. The former explanation is 
adopted by Livy, but the latter appears to me 
very capable of being defended. It deprives 

* MiscelL Works^ vol. ii. p. 185. 



« 
it 

« 

i4 
U 
U 
if 
*( 






IN LIVY's ACCOUNT. 149 

" the Latin; historian of what appears to him a 
*^ decisive proof; it even turns, this decisive proof 
" against himself, by laying open the source of 
" his mistake. The argument upon which Livy 
builds is. not only refuted, but destroyed; and 
the authority of Polybius subsists ■ alone and un- 
** rivalled.'* 

It appears from Livy*s account, if we leave out 
all mention of what he has copied from Polybius, 
and read it with reference to itself alone, that 
Hannibal crossed the Rhone at Roquemaure; that 
he. then, frightened by the Romans, marched up 
to the Island of Jthe AUobroges ; that he then re- 
turned through the Vocontii and Tricorii till he 
reached the Durance, at a distance of nine days* 
march from the summit of the Alps ; and that he 
then crossed. the Mont Genevre, and descended 
among the Taurini. . This marching and counter- 
marching would alone be sufficient to make us sus- 
pect his accuracy; but when we find, which we shall 
do upon comparing the two narratives, that he fol- 
lows Polybius step by step to the Insula, then drops 
him dining the return to the Durance, and then 
takes hind up again in the same place where he 
had left off, beginning afresh from the Durance, 
as Polybius does from the Isere ; that after this he 
follows him word for word, with the exception of 
his own exaggeration, through a country which it 
is clear he knew nothing about, since the country 
described by Polybius is as different as possible 



150 ERRORS IN LIVT. 

frc^n the road between the Durance and the Mont 
Genevre ; and when finally he brings him out 
with an enfeebled army among a hostile people ; 
what can we conclude but that the Latin author 
is not only totally unworthy of credit, but that he 
was also so ignorant of geography and of the 
country he was describing, as not to be able 
even to make out a credible or intelligible account 
o£ his own hypothesis ? The exaggerations with 
respect to the appearance of the Alps ; the descent 
of a whole army, with baggage and elephants, down 
a precipice one thousand feet high ; the flat 
country described as existing in the most rugged, 
barren, and mountainous part of the Alps ; the 
misstatement as to the character of the Durance, 
ought in themselves to make us reject his authoriiy ; 
and, at all events, he ought not for a moment to 
be placed in competition with an author, who, 
besides being totally free from all the faults of his 
rival, has a just daim to our belief, from having 
himsdf visited the coimtries which he so accu- 
ratdy describes,* 

* M. Larauza> in his '' Histoire Critique^'' which we shall 
examine hereafter^ endeavours to reconcile the account of Jiivy 
laid Polybius with each other^ by converting the Durance into 
the Drac> and by alteiing entirely the hitherto received situa- 
tion of the Tricairtini^ the Vooontii> and the Tricoiii^ but without 
any authority whatcrer. 



i 



M. lstaonne's theory. 151 



CHAP. EX. 



BXAMINATION OP M, LETRONNE'b THBORT. 

In the last chaf^^er we have emkavoared to 
shew, that the account of Livy, ahhotigh copied 
almost literally in many parts from that of Polybiiis^ 
was on the whole quite inconsistent with it, and 
that thte inconsistency was produced by the deter^ 
mination of the Roman historian to carry the army 
over the Mont Genevre. And it seems clear, that 
if Livy had not written at all upon the subject, the 
fects menticmed by Polybius, first that the army 
marched alcmg the river a distance of 175 miles, 
till they arrived at the foot of the Alps ; and, 
secondly, that they descaoided among the Insu* 
brians, would be quite sufficient, if not to establish 
the passage by the Little St Barnard, at least to 
exdude that by the Mont Genevre. 

As, however^ Livy, an author of so great, and^ 
in many respects, so deserved a reputation, has 
positively stated this latter to be the road which 
Hannibal followed, it becomes necessary for writers 



153 WEAK PODTTS IK 

upon the subject to choose between the two audio- 
rities; and we have, we trust, given sufficient 
reasons why that of Polybius should be preferred. 
Various attempts, however, have been made by 
French writers to reconcile the two accounts, and 
on these we shall make some observations, begin- 
ning with that of M. Letronne, a scholar of repu- 
tation, who published a critique on M. De Luc's 
work, in the Journal des Savans, for January 1819* 
It may previously be remarked that all the woAs 
to which we shall allude were written in answer to 
the first edition of M. De Luc*s treatise, in which 
that gentleman certainly laid himself open to some 
animadversions. His weak points, were, however^ 
str^igthened, and his errors corrected in a seomd 
edition, much ailarged, which was published 
in 1825, and to which no answer has yet Bsp- 
peared. 

Mons. L. maintains, in the first place, that Livy 
is in all respects quite correct in his account of this 
transaction ; and he quotes the passage in Strabo, 
to which we have already alluded,* in order to 
prove that Polybius had, in his own writings, 
actually stated that the Carthaginian army passed 
by the Mont Genevre ; or, which amounts simoet 
to the same thing, that they had descended amongst 
the Taurini. Enough has been said in the first 
chapter to shew, that the words in this passage, 

"* In the First Chapter. 



M. letronne's theory* 158 

fiv 'AvyiSoc &ifXOcv are an mterpolation of Strabo's, 
and are not to be considared as the original words 
of Polybius } and even if our reasoning on this 
point should not be conclusive, the words are at all 
events doubtful ; whereas the KarypB roXfiripijQ etc 

ra vipl rov TlaSov TrcSca Kai to riov Iao/iSp€i>v €0i^oC) 

in the fifty-sixth chapter, are most decidedly the 
very, words of Polybius, extracted from his own 
writings, and, therefore, as such, to be depended 
upon. M. Letronne, however, who has attacked 
M. De Luc very severely for his omission of the 
former pass^e, himself passes over the latter one 
without any mention whatever, and prefers taking 
his author at secondhand in Strabo, to reading him 
in his own words. Although it is far &om our in- 
tention to charge M. L. with bad &ith, it certainly 
behoved him to be extremely careful not to lay 
himself open to the charge of a wilful omission of 
the text of his author, at the very moment when 
he was accusing M. De Luc of the very same fault. 
It seems, besides, altogether to have escaped him, 
that Polybius in his own story mentions the attack 
upon Turin, as having taken place long after Han- 
nibal had reached the plains, and not till the army 
had Completely recovered from their &tigues. So 
far indeed is he from having noticed this &ct in 
Polybius, that he positively quotes him as his 
authority for sa3ring, that the Taiirini were the first 
people whom Hannibal met with on his descent 
from the Alps ; and this authority he finds in the 



154 M. LETROKiSTB^S ACCOUNT 



chapter : <^ D'ailleurs cette drconrtaiice* 
/' est tout>i-&it en harmonie avec ce que Poljbe 
<< raconte plus bas ; aavoir, que ks Taurini Airent 
^< les premiers peuples qu'Aimibal rencontta k la 
" descente des Alpes.'^t 

If by this violence committed on the text of one 
of his authors, M. L. was in any degree assisted in 
his hypothesis, some excuse mi^t be found for 
him; but the admisision c^ his premises only throwa 
him into much greater difficulties £6r the purpose 
of axrivmg at his conclusion, as we shaU fmd on 
examining the manner in which he pursues hia 
construction of the Greek text. 

After allowing, with M. De Luc, that the 
army crossed the Rhone near Roqvemaur^t 
and agreeing aitirely as to the situation of the 
Insula Allobrogum, he arrives at the banks of 

* The circumstance of the passage in Strabo^ where he gays 
tiiat the army passed by the Mont Genevre. *' 

t Polyb. L iii. c. 60. 

i Notwithstanding the passage at Boquemaure^ M, L. 
holds with Livy tha|; the sabsequent march to the northward 
was made for the purpose of running away from the Roman 
army: and he again quotes Polybius in support of this 
opinion. As it might be difficult to discover the passage 
from which this support is to be obtained, it may be right to 
«tate> that the wh<>le aulhari^ is contained in the word Ifk; 
which important word^ according to M. It., has been hitherto 
neglected by translators. ^^ Le mot ling a 6t6 passe par les 
^^ traducteurs ; il importe cependant, parcequ'il montre avec 
^ qudle Mte Annibal vouloit s'^oigner des Romains.** Journal 
des SavBxi8> Jan. 1819> p. 26. 



OF THE PA6SA<m OF HAKNIBAL. 155 

the Isere on ike fourth day : h^e, howevar, he 
stops, and does not cross that river ; and for this 
also he has the authority of Polybius, wc irpoc niv 
KaXwfiivtiv Uriffovf and a little further, wpoQ ifv 
tt^uco^6voc» which means that he only came to the 
Idand, and did not enter it. As, however, the 
words which inunediately follow, KaraXatwv iv air^ 
fiuo aScX^ovc, give us to understand that the 
operations in which Hannibal assisted the elder of 
the contending princes, took place within the 
Island, he is of opinion that they were performed 
by a detachment of the main army, which was 
sent for that purpose across the Isere ; but for this 
opinion he does not produce any authority* Now, 
with great deference to M* Letronne, we conceive 
that the last-mentioned Greek words clearly point 
out that the whole army crossed over into the 
Island ; and from the whole of the subsequent pas* 
sage we collect that the co-operation was effected^ 
not by a detachment, but by the whole army.* It 
seems difficult to understand why both M. Le- 
tronne and M. Larauza should insist on keeping 
the army on the south side of the Isere. It was 
not surely more difficult to cross that river than 
the Rhone itself, an operation which had already 
been successfully performed; and as they both 

* No menticm is made by M. Letronne of the assistance 
afforded to the army by the prince of the Allobroges^ nor 
of the protection giren by him to them while diey were mardi^ 
Jng through his territcries. 



156 M. letronne's theory 

allow that a detachment was: sent across, 'why 
could not the whole army have passed?. Why, 
also, should Polybius, who is on no occasion apt to 
enlarge in his descriptions, give a detailed account 
of a district, and of the operations carried on in 
it, when those operations could have had no 
influence upon the direct march of the army? 
Why, also, should Hannibal, if he had detennined 
on remaining to the south of the Isere, inter- 
fere in any manner in transactions which were 
taking place to the north of it, and, by that inter- 
ference not only delay his march considerably, but 
hazard the very existence of his army, and the 
whole success of his enterprise, by giving the 
Roman army time to come up and attack and 
defeat him in detail, half of his troops being on 
the south side of the Isere, and the other half 
taking part in the civil war on the north side; 
but, in addition to the passage already cited from 
Polybius, KaraXat^vj &c. we are expressly told in the 
enumeration of distances, that the 1400 stadia which 
existed between the passage of the Rhone and 
the ascent of the Alps, were to be measured " alcmg 
the river,** vap avrov rov TTora/tiov, Scc* Against 
this last argument, however, M. Xetronne is pre- 
pared .with an answer, which is as follows. " It 
is true,** he says, "that Hannibal had hitherto 
marched up the Rhone, and the words 7rcu>a tov 
TTOTOfkovf which immediately followed the name 
of that river, could apply to nothing else ; but 



i 



DISCUSSED AND REFUTED. 157 

when Polybius was describing the Island, the 
Isere was the river last mentioned : by parity of 
reasoning, therefi^re, irapa rov vorafAovf now ap- 
plies to the Isere.** In this idea, however. Professor 
Schweighaeuser had already anticipated him in a 
note to the third book of Polybius, c. 50. vol. v. 
p. 596. The learned ftofessor, however, at the 
end of his note, which is a long (me, finally aban- 
dons this idea, because he plainly sees that Po- 
lybius has expressly stated, c. d9> Hannibal to have 
mwched 1400 stadia along the Rhone, till he 
came to the Alps. But according to M. Xetronne, 
the expression of Polybius, 'A wo Si rf/c Siataamq 

rov PoSavov iropivofiivoig irap' ainov rov irora/uov, 

implies only that this was the general direction of 
the route at the first setting out, and not that the 
1400 stadia were to be measured along the river. 
Hannibal, therefore, does not cross the Isere, but 
marches along its banks on the south side, in order 
to complete the 100 miles which are to be expended 
biefore he can reach the Alps. Here, however, 
M. L. forgets that Polybius podtivdy states the 
amiy to have marched these 100 miles throiigh a 
plain country, cv toic cTmreSoic, c. 50. Now, such a 
coiuitry, between Valence and Grenoble, it is 
quite impossible to find. Some of the highest of 
the secondary chains of the Alps take their rise 
immediately to the south of the Isere, and very 
much lower down the river than Grenoble ; and, 
in- &ct, that town, which ought, according to M. 



158 COKTINUATIOH OF 

L/s march, to be in the midst of plains, is, as every 
body who has seen it well knows, surrounded by 
some of the highest mountains in France. There 
tkBvec was any Roman road on the south bank of 
that part of the Isere between Valence and Gre* 
noUe, and the road which now exists there is 
barely passable, and nothing more than a mere 
communication from one village to another. It is 
indeed only laid down in maps of a very large 
scale. The great road runs to the north of the 
river, and the Roman road only joined it at Moi^ 
rans. But even allowing M. Letronne to march 
through an impassable country along the banks of 
that irora/Aoc, which was the Rhone, and which 
he has now convarted into the Isere, this march» 
if he keeps close to his river, must at last cxmduct 
htm to the Little St. Bernard by the valley of the 
Gre^ivaudan, which nms from Montmdllan to 
Grenoble, a valley so rich, and so broad and mag* 
nificent, that if Hannibal had once arrived in it, he 
nev& could have abandoned it. So that if his 
original intention had been to march along the 
Isere, it is also clear that it was equally his inten-* 
tion to go by the Little St. Bernard. 

M, L. is therefore very little advanced in his 
undertaking, and it would have been vay difficult 
for him to have escaped out of this strait, had he 
not fortunately fomid the river Drac just before his 
arrival at Grenoble ; which river, as it comes from 
the southward, would, if followed up to its source^ 






M. letronne's theory. 159 

at length put the army into the right road to the 
Mont Genevre. The Tora/iioc therefore, which 
from the Rhone had becxmie the Isere, is mom to 
undergo another change, and to be called the 
Drac *^ n remcmta ce torrent (le Drac) que sa 
larg^ir d6t lui faire prendre poiu* la m^e rivi^e 
que FIsere.'' That is to say, Hannibal, guided 
by the people of the country,* who knew the roads, 
&Uows the Isere as long as it is impracticable, and 
as soon as it becomes easy, he abandons it, and 
mardies up the banks of the equally impracticable 
Drac, along the low^ part of which there is no 
road whatever, either ancient (ht modem. Finally, 
the entrance of the Alps is placed at St. Bonnet, a 
imiall town near the source of the Drac, and on the 
ff^eat road from Grap to Grenoble. It is necessary 
lor M. L. to make this the entrance of the A^s, 
because his 100 miles terminate here ; for a3 to its 
being really the entrance of the Alps, he mif^ as 
well iqpply that term to Briani^on itself, the one 
being situated in as mountainous a country as the 
other. Bolybius has stated, that the army marched 
through the territory of the Allol^oges. Now 
though it is quite notorious, that this nation never 
extended itself along die Drac to the southward, 
M. Letronne says, that as in Polybius's tune nobody 

* We say guided by the people of the country, because as he 
had not yet arrived at the foot of the Alps, according to M. L. 
he must still have been accompanied by the troops of the prince 
of the AUobroges, whom he had reinstated in his capital. 



160 CONTINUATION OF 

knew anythii^ about them» th^ might as wdl 
have lived on the Dnic as any where else. In this 
manner has Polybius been reconcfled with Livy ; 
but putting the latter entirely out of the question, 
is it possible for a moment to admit an explanation 
of the Greek historian, so utterly contrary to all 
rules of grammar, as weU as of common sense. Let 
us now see how the inconsistencies of M. L/s 
&m}xnte author, Livy, are accounted for.. And 
first with respect to tiie *^ ad laevam in Tricastinos 
** flexit,^ the vexata quaestio of the commentators. 
Nothing is easier ; ad laevam rrfers to the position 
of the historian himself, ** on auroit dd sentir que 
"cet historien en disant *flexit ad laevam,* parle 
" relativement k sa position en Italic, ce qui est 
" assez ordinaire aux auteurs anciens.*** But allow- 
ing Hannibal to turn to Livy's left hand, how is 
hey acccarding to M. Letronne's hypothesis, to 
arrive among the Tricastini, who are to be found 
in the neighbourhood of St. Paul-Trois-Ch4teaux mi 
the Rhone ? From this situation, in defiance of all 
authorities ancient and modem, they are brought 
up to the N. E. and placed on the Drac and Isere; 
No difficulty now ; occurs j we march, still follow- 
ing Livy across the Vocontii and Tricorii, and 
arrive at the foot of the Alps at St. Bonnet. Here, 
however, we ought to get to the Durance, at which 
river when we have arrived, we are, according to 

* Joum. des Savans^ p. 33. 



« 



M. lstronne's theory. 161 

Livy to pass through a flat country for some days, 
and then finally to reach the Alps ; and as this 
difficulty might have finally vanquished M. L. he 
has wisely omitted to notice it at all ; he therefore 
marches to the Mont Genevre, and descends by 
Susa upon Rivoli. After this examination, we 
may without any unfairness quote M., L.'s own 
words to M. De Luc* . " Ce n'est pas par de telles 
raisons qu'on pent se flatter d'edaircir definitive- 
ment un point d'histoire.*'* The result indeed of 
our observations appears to be, that M. L. is quite 
wrong in his interpretation of Polybius, and stiU 
more so in that of livy ; so that the only point in 
which he makes his two authors agree, is in their 
ccmimon variance from his own hypothesis. In 
consequence of the article in the Journal des 
Savans for January 1819, M. De Luc published 
an answer to M. Letronne, which is remarkable 
for its clearness of argument, and its temperance ; 
to this M. L. replied in the Journal des Savans, 
for Dec. 1819. In this reply he discovers, that 
the snow, which had remained, according to Poly- 
bius, unmdted during the whole summer, was in 
reality only the snow which had fallen about a 
month before ; and he assures us " que les Car- 
" thaginois purent la prendre pour de la vieille 
" neige rest6e la depuis Tannee prec6dente.*' M. L. 
also treats all the accessory proofs, such as the 

* Joum. des Savaiu^ p. 29. Jan. 1819. 

M 



162 coiircLusiON OP 

plate of silver and the XtvKoirBTfi^v,* and the Ira- 
dhion respecting the " via Annibalis/' with great 
contempt, and he even furnishes M. De Luc gra- 
tuitously with another feet of the discovery of some 
medals supposed to be Carthaginian, at Aoste. 
Finally, he says, that as all these Utile facts agree 
equally well with the passage by the Great St. Ber- 
nard, which is manifestly absurd, they cannot 
possibly be of any importance when applied to the 
Little St. Bernard. These accessories, however, are 
merely brought in as corroborative of the general 
argumtent, and no weight could possibly be atta;ched 
to them if they stood ak)ne. General Melville and 
M. De Luc may perhaps have given rather too 
much importance to them ; but if they were thrown 
on one side entirely, the main ^gument founded 
on the text of Polybius, on the concurrence of 
distances, dnd on the moral as weB as physical pro^^ 
babilities, which all unite in favour of the Little St. 
Bernard, would remdn completely uninjured and 
unchanged. 

We cannot, after all, take our leave of M. Le- 

tronne, (who although blind to the errors of his 

« 

own route, has shewn much quickness in detecting 
the absurdities of others,) without thinking him for 
taking the trouble of refoting General F. G. de 

* M. L. observes with respect to this word, that it occurs 
^•equently, " ce mot, 4ui revient plusieurs fois." It cMiIy 
recurs in the tenth book ahready quoted, and never again in 
Polybius. 



M. LETRONNfi's ARGUMENT. l63 

Vaudoncourt, who has abandoned the Rhone alto- 
gether, and M. Le Comte Fortia d'Urban, who, 
because he possessed some property near Orange, 
places the Insula Allobrogum close to that town, 
and calls the Eygues the Isaras. It remains for us 
to say a few words concerning the Chevalier de 
Folard, the Marquis de St* Simon, and our country, 
man Mr* Whitaker, who has carried the army 
over the Great St. Bernard. We must also notice 
the hypothesis crfM. Larauza, who is supported by 
Napoleon, in his preference of the Mont Cenis, 
and this we shall do in the fcdlowing chapter. 



M 2 



164 EXAMINATION OF VARIOUS 



CHAR X. 

EXAMINATION OF FOLARD, ST. SIMON, WHITAKER, 
AND LARAUZA. CONCLUSION. 

The Chevalier de Folard, having determined, it 
seems, to lead Hannibal by the Cottian Alp, or 
Mont Genevre, and yet being compelled to follow 
Polybius, the author he was commenting upon, as 
far as this hypothesis would allow, has struck out 
for the Carti^tginia- army a route which no one 
has ever, I beUeve, contemplated but himself, and 
which it is only necessary to hear described in 
order to be satisfied, if not of its utter impractica- 
bility, at least of its discrepancy from the accounts 
of both the original historians whom we have ex- 
amined. The Chevalier seems, indeed, to disdain 
all the rules of criticism, and wishes his readers to 
understand that he means to be guided solely by 
his knowledge of the country through which he 
supposes the Carthagmian army to have passed; a 
knowledge which several campaigns in the Alps 
and Piedmont had furnished him with. He sup- 
poses Hannibal to have arrived at Romans, on the 



WRITERS ON THE SUBJECT. l65 

Isere, at some distance from its junction with the 
Rhone, without having any intention of crossing 
that river. He easily gets rid of the difficulty 
which the march of 800 stadia fiirther up the 
Rhone would place in his way, by rejecting that 
passage in Polybius altogether, as a blunder of some 
copier. He styles these 800 stadia " une imagi- 
" nation, une faute des copistes, dont Polybe se 
" moqueroit s*il mettoit la t6te hors de son tom- 
« beau.'^* 

It is impossible to argue according to the rules 
of criticism, with one who so boldly rejects them 
all ; but we wiU be content to dispute the question 
on M. de Folard's own ground, and lajdng aside 
both Polybius and Livy, to debate the point from 
our own knowledge of this singular route. The 
Chevalier supposes Hannibal to have followed the 
right bank of the Isere as far as Grenoble, there to 
have crossed the Drac, and followed this river till 
its junction with the Romanche. Hannibal, accord- 
ing to M. de Folard, now leaves the Drac, and 
follows this third river in its course through the 
mountainous coimtry of Oysans, the territory ol 
the ancient Uceni. Thus much, indeed, it is fair 
to state in favour of the Chevalier's opinion, that 
the route he has adopted, however difficult and 

* Histoire de Polybe^ traduite du Gbrec par Bam Vincent 
Thuillier^ avec tin Commentaire par M. de Folard. &c. torn. iv« 
p. 73. Amsterdam^ 1729. 



l6tf ROAD FOLLOWED B¥ THE 

impiobable &r an army to take^ is yet diatinctly 
maf kod in the Tabula Tiieodosiaiia as a road known 
to the Romans, and used by them«* 

As far as the Bourg d^Oysans^ though th^ 
Romanche is confined between h^h jand perpen- 
dicular rocks« the ro^ is yet sufficienliy good and 
practicable; the Bourg itsdf is situated in a charm*^ 
ing plain or ha^oui which the receding xnouiatains 
allow to ext^id to some distance on each bank of 
the river. But about two miles further up the 
river, and a litde beyond the point where it re- 
ceives the impetuous Ven? on, which issues from 
the valley of Venos, the bed of liie Romanche is 
closely confined between exceedingly hi^ and 
rugged mountains, which scarcely affi>rd a passage 
to the waters c^ the roaring torrefit^. The old road 

* This road (which is^ however, not mentioned in 
the Antonine Itinerary^ nor in the Itinerar. HierosoL) leads 
irom Vlenne, by Cularo, (Grenoble^) to the Alpis Cottk. 
The etaddons^ <v]uch hare been roartfli in tiie annexed ma^, 
are Catoriasiiun, (Bourg d'Oysans^) Mellosedum^ (Mizqh^^ 
or Mont de Lens^) Durodncum^ (Villars d'Arene^) Stabatip, 
(Monastier de Brian9on.) The whole distance^ in the Itine- 
raries^ amounts to 42 miles; but this falls short of die real 
dkftanee by at least 20 miles. D' An ville is therefore mdined to 
iuppose> dial; aorae atadon has been (HnitledheinKreen Gulaio and 
Catorissium. See D'Anv. Not de I'Anc Oaule^ Art Cat<m- 
sium. The entrance of the Alps being placed at the Mont de 
Lens^ we should have from thence to Brian9on about 32 miles> 
from Brian^on to Turin 66. mSes, making a total of 97 
or 100 nules; whidi Mk Aort of Pdybius^s dntance by 
50 miles. 



CHEVALIER P£ FOLARX). l6j 

h^p le^ tlm river to sc4e the ajmpst perpendicular 
lii^ht$ of the Mont d^ Lens, being cut, as Mr» 
Fcdd;rd allows, like a staircase in the rock ; and was 
^yea then so difficult and impracticable, that it wai? 
jtii^u^t proper within a few years to carry the 
ro^id, after incredible pains and labour, clo3e along 
the bank^ of jthe river. This astonishing enter- 
prise, which is one of the last great works per- 
formed under the reogn of the h^e French £mper<»> 
ps but little knoym, not in this country only, but 
0vi^ in France ; yet in the boldness of the underr 
^taki^g, the subUme grajgideur of U^ scenery^ the 
Extent of the excavations which have been mad^ 
it jStfrpasses both the pass of Bramante in the roa4 
io the Mpnt Cenis, md that of GqimIo on the 
iSdnapiow.* 

The old road seems dearly to have been a 
Roman work, of which several traces are yet dis- 
tinctly seen on the Mont de hens ; this is probably 
the Mellosedum of the Itineraries ; hut before thi3 
the valley never could have beep practicable fop 
an army. It is, however, by this pass that M. de 
Folard supposes Hwmibal to h^ve led ^is troops ; 
nay, jfarther, he conceives that this was the route 
which the Gauls had qonstantly followed in their 
.^Lpeditions into Italy. The difficultije^ however, 

* The route here described is laid down^ in the Guide 
de FEmpire^ as the second road from Lyons to Turin^ foy 
OreiMible and Brian^on. Buonapavte meant it lor a nulitory 
joad, AsiiffiQndingiite ;«ilQE|e8tif:fmwuiV<MWp ^^ Itnlj* 



168 ROAD FOLLOWED BY THE 

of M. de Folard*s route only begin with the Mont 
de Lens ; for the valley of the Roraanche, beyond 
that passage, presents nothing but a scene of the 
utmost wildness and 'desolation: mountains o£ 
slate and schist, that crumble into ruins, leave not 
a trace of vegetation ; and behind these rise lofty 
peaks covered with glaciers, from which number- 
less torrents descend into the Romanche, and fill 
the bed of that river with rubbish and huge frag- 
ments of rock. The Romanche rises at the foot 
of the Col du Lautaret, a pass, the height of which 
is Httle inferior to that of the Litde St. Bernard, 
and much above that of the Mont Genevre. It is 
here that M. de Folard supposes Hannibal to have 
been attacked for the first time ; but whence these 
desolate regions could have suppUed a number of 
inhabitants sufiicient for this enterprise, cannot 
well be devised : nor does the valley of the Gui- 
satine, on the other side of the Col du Lautaret, 
contain any town which can be supposed to repre- 
sent that which Hanibal took afl:er having defeated 
the AUobroges. 

It will not be necessary to foUow M. de Folard 
any fikther ; for, setting aside the impossibility of 
conducting an army, with baggage and elephants, 
through such a tract of coimtry as that between 
Bourg d*Oysans and Brian^fon, (an impossibiUty 
which must strike all who have travelled over it,) 
we have the additional difficulty of supporting this 
army in a country which is totally destitute of 



CHEVALIER DE FOLARD. l69 

inhabitants and of supplies of any description; 
besides which» the distances disagree altogellier 
with those given by Polybius ; and the march up 
the Isere, instead of up the Rhone, together wiA 
the descent among the Taurini instead of the 
Insubres, sufficiently enable us to set aside alto- 
gether this hypothesis. We may, however, notice 
in addition the strange wanderings by which M. de 
Folard leads Hannibal over the Col de Sestrieres, 
and also the Col de la Fenetre, for the express 
purpose, as it seems, of bringing the Carthaginian 
army to the heights of Balbotet,* which he much 
insists oit, as being the only spot from which a 
view of the plain can be obtained. But is this a 
sufficient reason for bringing an army out of the 
track which common sense would point out to 
them; since they had only to follow the river, 
which descends from the Col de Sestrieres, in 
order to arrive in the open plams ? Those wh6 
would lead the Carthaginian army to the peak of 
Rocca Melone, or the summit of Monte Viso> 
would have as much reason on their side. Let us 
hear the Marquis de St. Simon, who maintains the 
latter opinion : 

" Quoique je ne sache pas pr6cis6ment," says 

* Mr. Dutens^ in his Itinerary^ also states^ that he had 
been repeatedly assured by Piedmontese officers^ that the open 
{dain could be seen from no other situation. Qen. de Vaudon- 
court has in this point followed the authority of Folard. Hist 
des Camp, d' AnnibaL 






170 BXAMINATIOH OF 

the Marquis, ^ qudle route Annifaal ^'est ouyert 
^* pour arriver k la sommit^ des Alpes, je ne le 
^ perds pas plus de vue qu'un diasseur qui des 
^^ hauteurs laisse sa meute par^ourir les routes 
et les fourr^es d'un bois k Tentn^e de laqudie 
ji Pa conduite ; il ue la voit plus, m^ il TaGt- 
** tend au loin, et la ri^oint aussit6t qu'dle quitte 
^* les fbnds, Je me retrouve de m^e avec An- 
^^ nibal sur le M<Mit Viso, saos m'inqui6ter de 
>*tous les detours ou la fraude de ses guides; 
^^ aon peu de confiance en eux et son mamquie dfs 
<< connoissance de Pint^rieur des montagnes, a 
-** dA le faire errer pendant neuf jjours.*** 

M. De Luc has bestowed one entire diapter 
on the refutation of Mr. Whitaker, wfao^ in two 
large volumes 8vo. has takea much pains to 
shew that Hannibal went hy the Great St. Bei>- 
Hard. M. De Luc's objections to this writer's 
hypotbeslis are so decisive and convincing, that 
lit is soarcdy necessary to say any thing further 
flB ihe subject. ]jt is strange, that, with the as- 
sistance of G^Bi^ai Meiville's notes and obser- 
vations to direct Imn in his researches, Mr. 
Whitaker should have preferred to support an 
x^^ion which has not one ¥aUd iur^umjent or 
plausible reason to recommend it. He seems 

* Hi3t de la Ouerre de^ Alpe?^ ou C«inp« de 1744* p^ M. 
}e Marquis de St ^imimj Aide^dchQaii^ du Prioo^ de Ccntj. 
Amsterdam^ 1770* 



i 



ME. WHITAKER's theory. I7I 

to have thought that learnings of which it cannot 
be denied that he has given proof, was to eup^y 
the place of personal observation, and that wikf 
theories could supersede that knowledge ^iph 
must be derived from experi^ice and judicious 
investigation. M. Whitaker is often so Minded 
by the predilections with which his hypothesis 
has inspired him, that when he finds the text 0i 
Polyfoius at variance with it, he does not €fcruple 
to throw all the blame on the hi^orian, and to 
charge him with committing gross errors and 
mistakes. 

By the hdp of such ress<Hiing Mr. W. has 
little difficulty in proving, that by tiie Insula 
AUobrogum is meant a little island on which 
part of Lyons stands, but whid), to other eyes^ 
bears Uttle resemUan^ to the Delta of Egypt, 
as mentioned by Pdiybius. It is thus that the 
Druentia of livy is metamorphosed into the 
Arve, and the entrance of the Alps placed at 
MartJgny, without any indication of the route 
by which Hannibal was to reach that place, 
which is not at the entrance, but in the heart of 
those mountains. We presume not tp follow Mr. 
W. in his strange pa^egrinadons tJirough the 
valley of Bagnes: this is ^ lab3rriiitii from 
which no due could possibly egctrieate us. Any 
<9ne who has visited that vall^, rendered so 
fuifortxmat^y celebrated by the late dreadfiil in- 
UBdation of the Branoe, must be satisfied 4kat 



172 THE PASSAGE BY THE 

notfamg under a demi-god could disengage Hanni- 
bal from thence, when once involved in those 
pathless and desolate regions. But the strongest 
objection, after all, arises from the computation of 
distances, of which Mr. W. takes no account 
whatever. From Lyons to Geneva, along the 
Rhone, there are 120 miles ; from thence to Mar- 
tigny, 80: in all, fuU 200 miles, which m more 
than double the distance that Polybius gives. 
From Martigny to Ivrea, by the Great St. Ber- 
nard, there are not 100 miles, while the passage of 
the Alps themselves, in Polybius, is eniunerated at 
150. This final argument, to say nothing of the 
loss of time which would have been incurred by 
going so much to the north, and the impossibility 
of carrying the troops over so great a distance in 
the time mentioned by Polybius, is at once con- 
clusive against Mr. Whitaker, as well as all those 
writers who have inclined to the passage of the 
Great St. Bernard. 

Since the publication of our first edition, the 
passage by the Mont Cenis has been much can- 
vassed; so much so as to have induced lis to de- 
vote a few pages to the examination of this road; 
although, as we have already stated, the omission 
of it altogether by Strabo, and the calainty of its 
not being a Roman road, fimxish us with pnmd 
facie evidence against its having been followed by 
Hannibal. As the Mont Cenis is now one of the 
easiest and most commodious passages which a 



MONT CENIS DISCUSSED. l?^ 

general would select for conducting his army over 
the Alps from France into Italy, it is not a matter of 
surprise that several writers should have been led to 
imagine that it was by this mountain that Hannibal 
penetrated into the latter country. These, how- 
ever, have generally been travellers who, pleased 
with the idea of treading in the steps of the 
great Carthaginian, have thus hazarded an opinion 
for which they perhaps could give no other rea- 
son than the wish which first suggested it. Thus 
we find this hjrpothesis advocated by Simler,* 
Gre8ley,t Count Stolberg,t Abauzit,§ de Saussure,ll 
and Albanis Beaumont ;^ but without advancing 
any argument in its favour, or at all entering into 
the details of the question. It will not therefore be 
necessary to answer such writers separately, since 
they may be all included in the general refutation 
of the hypothesis they concur in supporting. From 
this group we must, however, distinguish Professor 
Mannert of Landshut, whose great erudition and 
acquaintance in matters connected with ancient 

* De Alpibus Coimnent^ p. 77* ^ s^q- 

f Observat sur Tltalie par deux gentilshoimnes Suedois. 
Londres^ 17^> 1. 1. 

X Travels in Oermany^ Italy^ and 3icily^ by Stolberg. t 1. 

§ CBuvres diverses de M. Abauzit, Londres^ 1770* Lettre de 
Mr. Mann^ p. 177- ^ suiv. 

II Voyages dans les Alpes^ par de Saussure^ Bvo. t. iv. § 987^ 
t. V. § 1191. 

IFDescript des Alpes Orecques et Cottiennef par. J. F. 
Albamf de Beaumont^ t i. P. i. p. 98. t ii P. ii* p. 633. 



174 THE PASSAGE BY THE 

history «nd geography, must cerfattnly entMe his 
opinion in the present question to particular atteri^ 
tion. This learned Scholar, ift the introductory 
chapter to his Geography of Ancient Italy, in which 
he gives an account of the Alps and the various 
{>asse3 by which they were formerly travars^d, ex- 
presses his belief that Hannibal crossed the gteaA 
chBm by the route of Mont Cenis,* In forming 
his opinion, he appeai^s to have been solely guided^ 
ftiid, no doubt most judiciously, by the nartrative 
6f I^olybius ; arid he professes to have fourid the 
distances, as given in the best modem inaips, aocu^ 
jf^tely £^eeing with the statement of the Greek 
historian. This fact we must dispute, for, although 
the route of the Mont Cenis deviateii at ferst very 
titde from that on which our own system is founded^ 
^et the? immediate descerit upon Turiri shortens 
the total dii^nce very considerably, and it will be 
impossible to m^ke up 150 miles from the first 
ascent t)f th^ Alps to tiie descent at Susa, withcmt 
vety ftiuch overtating the tetual distances, and 
falling into the error of M. Larauza, who adopts 
the measurement of the modem post-road, which 
for the sake of easy ascent and descend has been 
very materially lengthened. We iriust abo stre- 
nuously oppose the Argument on which the Ger- 
man Professor seems so mainly to insist, as 
favouring his views of the subject, namely, that 

♦ Ge6gr. t. ix. P. 1. p. 30. 



MONT CfeNId DISCUSSED. 1*73 

the plains of Italy can be seen from the summit eif 
Mont Cenisy and from thence only.* It is most 
certain that be has been misinformed on this 
point, though it has also been mamtained by 
olliers. Even de Saussure, who ascended the 
Roche Michel far above the Hospice of the Ofande 
Croix, could not perceive the plains from ilktl 
elevated smnmit. The Roche Mdon is the only 
point in this vicinity from whence it is possible to 
navfe a vieW of Piedmont ; btit it is not dccessibld 
from the Qrande Croix or any pdint in the road of 
the Mont Cenis. Upon the whole, it is evident, ihat 
Professor Mamtiart has not gone Very deep into 
the question, mdre especialty, we may add, since 
he does not appear to have been acquainted with 
Mr. De Luc's work or with our difi»ai:ation. 

But the most strenuous and elaborate advocate 
for the Mont Cenis is a French writer named La- 
rauza, whose dissertation on the subject has been 
already noticed. It is entitled " Histoire Critique 
du Passive des Alpes par Annibal, d^ms laquelle 
on determine la route qu'il suivit depois les fron- 
tieres d'Espagne jusqu'a Turin, par feu M. J. L. 
Larauza, anden Maitre de Conferences a FEcdie 
Normale.** It was published after the author's 
death, in 1826. This being a professed work on 
the question which it is the object of this disser- 
tation to discuss, and written by a maq of learn- 

* Greogr. t. ix. P. 1. p. 41. 



176 EXAMINATION OF THE 

ing, who had hunself crossed the Alps, as he pro- 
fesses, on all the principal pomts ccmnected with 
the inquiry,* it seemed necessary to examine, in 
this place, the arguments on which he grounds 
his theory, and to prove their inadequacy to 
sustam the conclusion that he is anxious to estab- 
lish. 

M. Larauza's system being in conformity with 
that which M. De Luc and ourselves main- 
tain, up to the arrival of Hannibal at the jimction 
of the Isere and Rhone, it will be needless to 
make any remarks on the previous part of his 
dissertation. But from this point we separate, 
and therefore it seems proper to inquire what 
reasons induced the learned French writer to 
abandon the route evidently marked out by Poly- 
bius, m order to foUow a different one from that 
which we, under his guidance, have not hesitated 
to adopt. M. Larauza conceives, as M. Letronne 
did before him, that Hannibal did not enter the 
Island with his whole army, but that having, by 
means of a strong detachment, effected the object 
he had in view of supporting the claims of the 
elder prince of the Allobroges, he proceeded on 
his march along the left bank of the Isere to 



* O. 1. p. 4. a careful perusal^ however^ of the work^ leads us 
to doubt the. accuracy of this assertion. It seems ahnost certain 
that he never examined the Little St Bernard on the Savoy 
aide. 



ARjGUMENTS of M. LARAU2A. 177 

Gre^dble, and so up the valley of the Gresivau- 
dan to the junction of the Isere and the Arc, 
when, by ascending the latter stream, he arrived 
finally at the foot of Mont Cenis, M. Larauza's 
principal reason for thus deviating from the more 
obvious route by Vienne and Chambery, appears to 
have been the hope of reconciling by this means 
the narratives of Polybius and Livy: but few 
critics will be disposed to agree in his conjee* 
tures and the boldness with which he overturns 
all the notioi^ hitherto entertained on the subject 
of the ancient gec^aphy of Gaul. It is thus 
that he contends, in defiance of all ancient and 
modem authorities, and therefore solely because it 
suits bis hypothesis to do so, that the AUobroges, 
whom Polybius speaks of as lying in Hannibal's 
route, did not at that period occupy the position 
which CsBsar, Cicero, Slxabo, and numerous other 
writers, concur in assigning to them. M. Larauza 
does not appear to adduce even the shadow of a 
reason for this bold assertion, though the omts prO" 
handi rests so evidentiy with his side of the 
question. 

Polybius plainly teUs us that tiie Island was a 
very fertile and wdl-inhabited country ; and if it 
was not tiien occupied by the AUobroges, who were 
no small and obscure tribe whose territory could 
with difficulty be traced on the map, we have a 
right to be told by what other Gallic clan it was 
tiien held. j4Ilobroges jam inde n/uUd GaUicd gente 

N 



1^78 ERRORS IN M. LARAUZA^IJ 

opihus autjbmd inferior^ says Livy ; and this state- 
ment, together with what D'Anville has collected 
on the subject,* precludes the necessity of any 
further reply to M, Larauza on that point. 
. This gentleman, however, still prepossessed in 
fiivour of his plan of reconciling Livy and Polybius, 
goes on to show with the same facility that the 
Tricastini might, in the days of Hannibal, have 
occupied the banks of the Isere ; the Vocontii, 
those of the Drac ; and the Tricorii, the valley oS 
the Gresivaudan. The Druentia of the Latin 
historian, to whose charge all the mistakes are laid, 
turns out also to be the Drac, But Monsieur 
Larauza seems to forget, tihat in Livy the three 
people above-named occur in the march before the 
Druentia ; whereas, according to his arrangement, 
the Tricorii would present themselves after the 
passage of that river. But there is another very 
material objection to the route he has traced out for 
the Carthaginian army. It is simply this : that there 
is no road whatever on the left bank of the Isere, 
and such is the nature o£ the coimtry, that there 
never could have existed any route in that direo- 
ticm: this we have already stated in our examination 
of Monsieur Letronne's theory. Let us, however, 
suppose with Monsieur Latouza, Hannibal and his 
troops arrived at the junctioa of the Isere and the 
Arc, and about to enter the vaBey of the latt» 

* Art. Allobroges. Anc. Gaule. 



GEOGRAPHICAL STATEMENT. 179 

river, which wiU lead him to the foot of the 
Mont Cenis in the central chain. Where shall 
we now find the avajSoXi? riv "'AXTrfmv? Monsieur 
Larauza places the entrance or approach to the 
Alps at La Chavane and Maltaveme, between 
Montmeillan and Aiguebelle, and the defile in 
which Hannibal was attacked by the mountaineers, 
beyond the latter town ; but though the valley of 
the Arc is in some places narrow and confijied, it 
no where presents serious obstacles to the passage 
of an army, and least of all does it answer the de- 
scription of the position in which the Carthagi- 
nians were attacked by the Allobroges. In the 
historian's account, Hannibal encamps at the foot 
of the heights occupied by the enemy, irpoc tmc 
virt/o/SoXaic, and when they retire for the night 
to their town, he seizes on the defile with a select 
body of troops ; the barbarians in the morning 
return and attack the army, on its advance from the 
position which Hannibal had secured ; when the 
Carthaginians are exposed to great danger and loss 
from the nature of the ground, which was rugged, 
narrow, and precipitous : and it is further expressly 
stated, that many of the beasts of burden were car- 
ried down with their loads into the precipices.* 
But in advancing along the vallejr of the Arc from 
Aiguebelle to St. Jean de Maurienne, we fbd no 
h^hts to scale, no narrow and precipitous de- 

* See Translation of Polybius, c. 60. 






180 ERRORS IN M. LARAUZa's 

files to descend ; in short, there is scarcely any 
thing to deserve the name of SiKx^wpiac or (rreva. 
Monsieur Larauza does not trouble himself much 
to examine what town it was which the Cartha- 
ginian general took after the action ; he only ob- 
serves, " entre Argentil et Eypierre on apperf oit 
" divers chemins jet^s fa et la dans ces montagnes, 
la ville prise par Annibal devait etre situee par 
1^ au milieu des monts qu'on a sur la droite, 
peut-^tre du c6t6 ou sont aujourdhui les mines 
de St. Georges d'Urtiferes/** We are to remem- 
ber also that this town belonged to the Allobrdges 
according to Polybius, whereas we are now in the 
Maurienne which was occupied by the Medulli, or 
Garoceli ; Alpine nations quite distinct from that 
people ; nor is it probable that whoever were the 
inhabitants of this poor and sequestered valley, 
they would have ventured to attack the numerous 
and warlike forces of the Carthaginian general. 
But to proceed : after an uninterrupted march of 
four days from Eypierre, the troops encounter on 
the fifth, a deputation from another people, with 
apparent offers of amity and good will, but conceal- 
ing designs of a most treacherous and hostile 
nature. Here it may be observed how very im- 
probable it is, that the Maurienne should have 
supplied two distinct tribes in one continuous valley, 
and each rich and powerful enough to supply pro- 

* P. 103. 



GEOGRAPHICAL STATEMENT. 181 

visions for the support of a numerous army, as well 
as a sujfficient number of warriors to venture on 
hostilities against such forces as those of Hannibal. 
Such difficulties, however, do not occur to the 
mind of Monsieur Larauza, who places the defile 
in which these new enemies assailed the army, 
between Termignon and Lanslebourg. He also 
discovers there a " Leucopetron,** composed of 
gypsum, the existence of which we shall not ques- 
tion } but we much doubt whether it would have 
presented such a favourable position for the pro- 
tection of Hannibal's main army as the author of 
the dissertation we are now exsimining supposes. 
Monsieur Larauza, who makes every circumstance 
described by the Greek and Roman historians 
coincide with his system, insists very much on the 
view of the Italian plains, which is to be dis. 
covered from the Mont Cenis, and he quotes 
Grosley and Lady Morgan, as great authorities 
on this point ; he does not affirm, however, that 
he enjoyed this view himself, but he was assured 
by the inhabitants of the mountain, that the plains 
could be seen fit)m a summit named Coma Rossa, 
belonging to the chain of the Petit Mont Cenis.* 

The fact may be as it was stated to Monsieur 
Larauza,t but if that gentleman had ascended the 
height himself to verify the information commu- 

♦ P. 128. 

t De Saussure denies altogether the possibility of any such 
view. 



182 ERRORS IN M. LARAUZA's 

nicated to him, it would have been far more satis- 
factory ; as it is, the question cannot be considered 
as settled ; but granting the &ct to be true, can 
we for a moment suppose, that in the situation to 
which Hannibal and his troops were then reduced, 
they would have the inclination or power to dimb 
the surrounding heights, then covered with snow, 
in order to obtain a view of the plains of Italy. 
We repeat what we have said before, the circum- 
stance related by Polybius must not be taken aa 
pied de la lettre, but in a general and somewhat 
figurative sense, more suited perhaps to the orator 
than the dry matter-of-fact historian. It has been 
certainly granted that no such prospect could in a 
literal sense be obtained frcmi the Little St. Ber- 
nard, but if it is pretended that Hannibal ascended 
the loftier simimits to see the fields of Cisalpine 
Gaul, stretched below his feet, we maintain that 
he could as easily do this from the Graian, as the 
Cottian Pass;, since the peaks of the Ruitor a»d 
Valaisan, which rise above the former, would 
furnish as boundless a prospect as those of 
Coma Rossa, or Roche Mek>n, belonging to the 
latter.* 

* The authors of the present dissertation are acquainted 
with but one pass in the Alps where the fact related of Han- 
nibal could be strictly realized. It is the Col of Monte Viso, 
which leads from the valley of the Guil in Dauphine to that of 
the Po in the ancient marquisate of Saluzzo^ passing close to the 
source of the latter celebrated river. Here the view is grand and 



J 



CALCULATION OF DISTANCES. 183 

In the descent Monsieur Larauza supposes the 
accident of the road carried away for the length of 
three half stadia, to have happened a little beyond 
the plain of St. Nicholas, where the road is exposed 
to frequent avalanches, but the snow is never 
known to remam throughout the year. Our author, 
who is aware of this objection, avails himself in 
order to get rid of it, of Monsieur Letronne's con- 
jecture, which has akeady been noticed ; namely, 
by supposing that Polybius, or those who related 
the circumstance to him, may have made a mistake, 
having regarded as last year's snow, what really 
bad only &llen a few weeks previous to Hannibal's 
passage. Thus does the ingenious Frenchman, 
overcoming all diflSculties, finally bring the Car- 
thaginians to Susa, Rivoli, and the plains around 
Turin. 

We have yet one more remark on Monsieur 
Larauza's calculation of distances. In his measure- 
ments he has taken as his guide the post-book, 
which cannot certainly be considered as a &ir 
criterion of mensuration ; fiw: it is well known that 
in moimtainous countries, the distances are always 
overrated for the benefit of postmasters. Thus for 
instance, the post-book reckons three posts, or 
fifteen miles firom Lanslebourg to the stage on the 

stupendous beyond description ; but no one would^ on tihat 
account^ affirm that the Carthaginian chief had strayed with his 
fbirees to that lofty height to ^oy the tut distint and almost 
honndltts firaqpect wUch it presents. 



184 GEITEEAL OBSERVATIONS ON 

summit of the pass, whereas the real distance is 
not ten miles, and of course the old road by which 
we ought to make our reckomng would be still 
shorter. It is evident, therefore, that a consider- 
able reduction must be made from Monsieur La- 
rauza's calculation, and instead of 148, which he 
reckons from Maltaverne to Rivoli, the real dis- 
tance by the map, after making every allowance 
for imevenness of ground, which, howeva:, is not 
considerable in the vaUey of the Arc, will be found 
to fall short of 120 Roman miles, which would 
leave a deficiency of SO miles from 150 miles, or 
1200 stadia, reckoned by Polybius from the foot 
of the Alps to the plains of Italy. 

Havmg now sufficiently examined the arguments 
on which Monsieur Larauza grounds his particular 
theory, we may conclude by ofiering some general 
observations on the hypothesis which would regard 
the Mont Cenis as the pass of Hannibal. It has 
been already stated in the introductory remarks on 
the early history of the Alps in Chapter I. that no 
mention whatever is made of that mountain as a 
passage frequented by the Romans, nor has it ever 
been proved that it was crossed by the armies of 
any nation before the time of Charlemagne, when 
the name of Mons Cinisius first appears in history. 
This must alone afford the strongest presumption 
that it was not Hannibal's route. Monsieur La- 
rauza i^ddeavours, indeed, to sdiew fix)m Albanis 
Beaumont, that there were Rcnnan ways in the 



THE PASSAGE OF THE MONT CENIS. 185 

Maumnne, but that writer, who, by the way, is of 
very doubtful authority in matters of antiquity, 
asserts only that there was a road established over 
the Col de la Roue, which he says, was called 
Mons Rudus. This, however, would prove 
nothing with respect to the Mont Cenis, for the 
Col de la Roue furnishes an immediate commu- 
nication with Italy by the Col de Sestrieres, and, 
therefore, would be a more desirable {mssage for 
the Romans ; its being frequented therefore would 
be rather a proof that the Mont Cenis was not. 
Segusio or Suze was the capital of Cottius, and as 
long as he was hostile, it is not to be supposed that 
the Romans would make a road through the 
centre of his dominions. It is for this reason that, 
till he had been conciliated by Augustus, they 
always crossed the Col de Sestrieres and the Mont 
Genevre. There is an obscure passage in Strabo, 
in which that geographer, speaking of the moun- 
tains situated in the country of the Medulli, who 
are supposed to be the inhabitants of the Mau- 
rienne, says they contained a lake from which 
the Druentia, and the Doria of the Salassi derived 
their source, and we notice it, because Monsieur 
Larauza brings it forward to prove, that the lake is 
that of the Mont Cenis, and consequently that the 
moimtain was frequented by the Romans in the 
geogr^her's time ; but allowing that the citation 
does refer to the small lake on the summit of the 
Mont Cenk which may reasonably be doubted, it 



186 GENERAL OBSERVATIONS ON 

undoubtedly proves from the great &ncoT into 
which Strabo has fallen, mth respect to the two 
rivers he has named, that he had heard a very 
confused and unperfect account of this part of the 
Alps, and consequently that the Cenis could not 
at that p^od be a well frequented pass, least of 
all could it be the Saltus Taurinus of Polybius and 
- Livy. 

It is also highly improbable that Hannibal 
should have selected this passage for crossing into 
Italy, from the great difficulties it would present 
before it was rendered accessible for carriages, 
especially on the Italian side, where the descent 
was most abrupt and precipitous previous to the 
improvements which were eflFected by order of 
Buonaparte. Besides the Maurienne is so poor a 
coimtry, that the Carthaginian would have had the 
greatest difficulty in procuring the necessary sup^ 
plies during a march of nine days, which is the 
period allowed by the historians from the entrance 
to the summit of the Alps : and yet it appears that 
Aey were abuiukntly furnished with provisions by 
the inhabitants of the country. All which objec- 
tiot^ suffici^itly demonstrate that it was not by this 
route that Hannibal carried his army into the plains 
of Italy. Monsieur Larau^a's work, though ccMOh 
taining some very bold and unauthcnized assertions;^ 
is nevertheless written with great temper, and in 
8 tone winch makes us r^et his early deaths 
whkh took pbu^ befere the publication of his work 



THE PASSAGE OF THE MONT CENIS. 187 

He has sedzed with great acuteness some weak 
points in M. De Luc's work, but as he only ccMi- 
sulted the first edition of that author, much of the 
weight of his argument has been destroyed by the 
corrections which M. De Luc has subsequently in- 
troduced. M. Larauza's reasons for considering 
the Taurinus Saltus as the road from the Mont 
Cenis, instead of, as imiversally admitted, that from 
the Mont Genevre, we leave to be disputed by the 
advocates for the latter passage; but we cannot 
help entering our protest against the manner in 
which he gets rid of the difficulty that is presented 
by the words of Polybius B. 3. C. 56. Karyps 

TokfitifMg €ic Tci TTtpi Tov TlaSov ircSta, Koi to rHiv 

'laofi^pfov e0i;oc. He contends, that instead of 
the generally received translations of these words, 
" He descended boldly into the plains of the 
Po, and the country of the Insubrians^'^ we ooght 
to read towards the plains, &c. ^* vers le pays des 
" Insubres,'* by which alteration he conceives, that 
* the text will admit of Hannibal's attacking the city 
of Turin and capturing it, befote he fiiarched 
towards the plains of Lombardy. But even allow- 
ing, (which we do not,) that M. Larauza's trans- 
lation were accurate, a perusal of the whole pajssage 
in Pcdybius, will shew that he is in error, for in the 
d6th Chapter, the hktorian says, that the mdrch 
bemg completed m fifteen days, the army descended 
into the plains, and so competed the passage ; and 
it is not till the 60th< Chapter, after the whole nsU*^ 



188 REMARKS OK 

rative of the inarch is concluded, that he proceeds 
to relate the circumstances of the capture of Turin, 
considering it evidently as an event subsequent to, 
and not, as M. Larauza would wish us to admit, 
previous to, the establishment of the army in the 
plains. Notwithstanding, however, the errors which 
it contains, M. Larauza*s work is worthy in many 
respects of an attentive perusal. 

It remains for us to say a few words on the 
opinion of Napoleon on this subject, as stated in 
his "Notes sur TOuvrage Intitule Considerations 
sur ?Art de la Guerre,** in the 2d vol. of his 
Melanges Historiques. In these notes he gives a 
very concise account of the road which he con- 
ceives Hannibal to have taken, and which is as 
follows : — he crossed the Rhone a Utde below 
Orange, and in four days reached either the con- 
fluence of the Rhone and the Isere, or that of 
the Drac and the Isere, settled the afiairs of the 
two brothers, and then, after six days march, 
arrived, on the former supposition, at Montmeillan, 
and from thence, in nine days, at Susa, by the 
passage of the Mount Cenis ; or, in the latter case, 
if he arrived at Grenoble at the end of the four 
days, he would reach St. Jean de Maurienne 
in six days, and Susa in nine days more i from Susa 
he marched upon Turin, and after the capture of 
that city he advanced to Milan. 

The reasoning by which Napoleon suppc»i:s his 
hypothesis, is principally founded on what the 



._J 



napoleon's hypothesis. 189 

French call "la raison de la Guerre,^ that is, 
Hannibal did this because, as a military man, he 
ought to have done it : and if we were discussing 
prospective operations, there is no doubt that the 
opinion of so great a general as Napoleon would 
be almost conclusive ; but in reasoning upon the 
past, the elements of the discussion are as open to 
civil as to military writers, and the former arie quite 
as capable of conducting an argument logically as 
the latter. Napoleon has been guilty of several 
inaccuracies in his statement, and his argument is 
conducted in that decided manner which hesus 
down all opposition, and which supposes, that 
whatever he says must be right. He asserts, that 
both Polybius and Livy state, that the army 
arrived, in the first instance, at Turin, and he 
loses sight altogether of the detailed narration of 
Polybius. The author upon whose work he is 
commenting, adopts the passage of the Little St. 
Bernard, which Napoleon refuses to believe, 
because Hannibal must have been early acquainted 
with the retreat of the Romans towards their fleets 
and would not, in that case, have marched further 
north. The explanation of all this may be found 
in Napoleon's own words, " La marche d'Annibal 
depuis Collioure jusqu'a Turin a it6 toute simple, 
elle a 6t6 celle d*un voyageur ; il a pris la route la 
plus courte.** Hardly so, since the road by the 
Mont Genevre was shorter than that by the Mont 
Cenis, as he himself allows, a few pages before. 



190 REMARKS ON 

In a word, if we had no historical details to guide 
us, Napoleon would probably be right; but as we 
profess to be guided by those details, and as from 
his omitting to notice the greater part of them, he 
appears either to have been ignorant of them, or to 
have been unable to make them agree with his 
hypothesis, we must come to the conclusion, that 
what he says rests upon no proof, and is to be 
merely considered as the opinion of a great 
general upon an hypothetical case. It should seem 
too, that he was unacquainted with any of the 
arguments in &vour of the passage of the Little 
St. Bernard, as he alludes to none, and satisfies him- 
self with a simple contradiction of the author 
upon whom he is commenting, who, on his part, 
gives no reasons whatever for his opinion, and 
who by carrying, as he does, the army to Lyons, 
very naturally induced Napoleon to suspect his 
authority upon other points. 

Having thus gone through the various hypo- 
theses erf those writers who have maintained 
that the Carthaginian army marched by the 
Mont Genevre, the Mont Cenis, or the Great 
St. Bernard, it has, we trust, been shewn that none 
of these roads can be made to agree with the plaiq 
text of Polybius ; and if we lay the Greek author 
aside, and, with the followers of Livy, take 
the Latin one alone for our guide, how does it 
happen diat among the host of writers upon this 
sttl^ect, no two of them agree upon the road 



napoleon's hypothesis. 191 

which the army took m order to reach the Mont 
Genevre. This fact alone would be sufficient to 
throw great doubt and suspicion upon the account 
given by livy, as, if he had expressed himself 
with tolerable clearness, these variations could 
hardly have occurred. Perhaps, however, Livy 
has been unfortimate in his supporters, for they 
have generally beai dther scholars or military 
men; the former of whom have remained at 
home in their closets, and have contented them- 
selves with marching on their maps, without 
any real knowledge of the actual state of the 
country, and without appearing to be aware 
that a large army, encumbered with baggage, 
cannot pass, like an individual, ov^ pathless 
moimtains and heists almost inaccessiUe, and 
still less through countries totally . incapable of 
affording them subsistence ; but that, on the con- 
trary, a long march, through a difficult country, 
and under an able general, is always planned 
beforehand, and not left to accident; that the 
easiest roads are fixed upon ; and that if maga- 
zines cannot be provided beforehand, the line 
(rf march is conducted, as much as possible, 
through a country where the population is 
bige enough, and where the fatuity and culti- 
vation are sufficiait to ensure subsistence for 
the troops. Can it be reasonaHy supposed 
that a general, endowed with the talents of 
HMtnibal, would engage himself and forty thou^ 



192 GENERAL OBSERVATIONS UPON 

sand men, upon whom not only his own reputa* 
tion, but the safety, and even the existence of 
his country depended, in a long chain of moun- 
tains, of which he could personally know neither 
the extent nor the resources, without having 
long before fixed upon his plan of operations ? 
And could he, as some authors have imagined, 
have trusted blindly to his good fortune to ex- 
tricate him from defiles which he would in that 
case have rashly entered, without knowing to 
what place they led, or whether there was any 
issue at aU firom them ? The most rational and 
easy way to penetrate through a very extended 
chain of mountains, is to trace the rivers which 
flow from them up to their sources, for sub- 
sistence and population are generaUy to be 
found on their banks, and the road is usually 
more easy, and the ascent more gradual; and 
accordingly, in the road which we have pro- 
posed, we have only to pass over two moun- 
tains, the Mont du Chat and the Little St. 
Bernard; while to eflFect a commimication be- 
tween the Isere and the Durance, chains of 
mountains are to be crossed, in many places of 
nearly as great a height as the Little St. Bernard 
itself, and a country is to be traversed, where the 
inhabitants are so poor as to be unable to do 
more than subsist themselves. It is impossible 
for a writer totally unacquainted with the Alps, 
<uid with the supplies necessary for a large 



J 



THE PASSAGE OF THE ALPS. 193 

army, to be aware of the difficulties attend-i 
ant upon its progress ; and the most learned 
scholar will be often incapable of thoroughly un- 
derstanding his author, unless he jom some practice 
with his theory. 

On the other hand, this subject has been ex- 
amined by mmtary men, who, writing only aa 
such, have either altogether neglected the old 
writers, or have, from ignorance of the language 
in which they are written, fallen into mistakea 
equsdLy prejudicial to the advancement of truths 
and to the right solution of the difficulties in 
which the subject is involved. Some of those j 
who, from their acquahitance with the country^ 
ought to have been particularly well qualified 
to assist in the investigation, have unfortunately 
formed their theories before they had consulted 
their authorities, and have carried Hannibal 
over the A^s by the same roads, and in the 
same manner, in which they themselves would 
have marched from Spain to Italy ; and, certainly, 
if the question were to be decided upon mere 
probability, and if we had no other data what- 
ever to go upon than the single fact of hisi^ 
having gone from the one country to the other, 
we should be more inclined to trust to the specu- 
lations of men who pursue the same career that 
he did, than to those of writers who are prac-, 
tically unacquainted with miUtary matters; but 
here the case is different, for we have several cer-' 

o 



194 GEKI^AL 0BI»:BVATI0NS ON 

tain foundations on which to build, and the scholar 
will be more probably right as to these than the 
military man. For the question to be discussed, is 
not what road was the best, or what was the shortest 
from Spain to Italy, but what road Hannibal did 
actually take, as reported by the oldest historians ; 
and of these, the oldest extant, united in himsdbf 
the two pursuits which best qualified him to de- 
scribe this march, since he was a man of letters as 
W^ as a soldier, and since, above all, he had himself 
gone ova: the ground, while the exploits of Han* 
nibal were still fresh in the recollection of the 
inhaMtants. To him then, as tmiting the advan- 
tages of both, the scholar and the soldtw should 
turn ; and if they had original^ consulted him 
instead of Livy, the bonour c^the discovety of the 
passage by the Little St. Bernard would probaUy 
not have been reserved to so late a date as the time 
(y£ General Melville, and the question would have 
been decided long ago. In confirmation of Poly- 
bins as an dd historian we have also Caelius, who 
lived very soon after him, and to whose charact^ 
fbr accuracy, tmth, and research, such arn^ tes- 
timonials have been given in the 1st Chapter. If 
then we have made our line of march agree with 
that laid down by Polybius, we can have no better 
assurance of our being in the r^ht ; ai^d at all 
events if we ourselves be in the wrong as to the 
author, whom we have endeavour©! faithfiiUy to 
int^ret and to fdUow, we may hope that we have 



J 



THE PASSAGE OF THE ALPS. 195 

not failed in the arguments that we have used to 
restore him to the high rank which he ought to 
hold as an authority upon this point, and to raise 
him to that place, so .long and so improperly 
usurped by Livy. With respect to our own hypo- 
thesis, it is perfectly true that we have but few 
data upon which to ground the turning off at 
Vienne, and the march across the Insula to St* 
G^iis lyAouste. The Roman road is however 
something, for that was in all probability founded 
upon some ancient road of the country, and the 
Carthaginian silver tablet found at Passage furnishes 
an additional confirmation; it is, however, very 
possible that the army might have marched a little 
higher up the river, though it is improbable that they 
wouldlose time by keeping always close to its banks, 
when much might be saved by cutting off the 
angles. We have little also to urge as to the 
absdute certainty of the passage by the Mont du 
Chat inst^id of the Mont de I'Epine, or the pas- 
sage of Aiguebellette, except the superior &cility 
of the f(MTner, and its bettar agreement with the 
text of Polybius, to say nothing of its much greater 
apparent antiquity. Upon these points the reader 
wiU judge for hunself in their proper places, but 
these are, after all, trifling matters, and make no 
difference whatever in the general argument j nor 
can it be said, that we are in any one single point 
at issue with our author except in the view of Italy, 
which, as he gives us to understand, is to be seen 

o 2 



196 CONCLUDING REMARKS ON 

from the summit of the Alps crossed by Hannibal. 
We haVfe however shewn, that this view exists on 
no known passage whatever,* and this discordance 
therefore, proves no more against us than it does 
against every other writer on the same subject In 
every thing else we agree in description of thecoim- 
try, and in distances, which, taken altogether, form 
the most certain data to reason upon. The causes, 
military and political, which induced Hannibal to 
take the road described by Polybius, agree per- 
fectly well with the one fixed on by us ; for he 
could not have taken a road better calculated thaa 
the Little St. Bernard to eflFect the objects which 
he had m view. It is tame, that with the exception 
of the Great St. Bernard, it was the longest, but it 
enabled him to descend among the Insubrians, hi» 
friends, which could not be accomplished by any 
shorter road ; he was to be guided by the ambas- 
sadors from the Gauls, who lived, as we have shewn,, 
in the Milanese, and who therefore, would take 
him by the road they best knew, and through their, 
own allies. He was, in a military point of view, to 
choose that line of march which was easiest, and 

* It haB, it is true> been supposed by some writers^ that 
Hannibal must have gone to Balbotet on the Col de Fenes- 
trelles^ because that is the only place from whence the Alps 
are visible ; but Balbotet^ which is close to Fenestrelles^ is so 
near to the plains around the Po^ that it would not require a 
march of three days to reach them^ besides which^ it cannot by 
any possibility be made out to be the summit of the Alps. 



THE WHOLE QUESTION. 197 

best suited for the subsistence of his army : and in 
these two points, the latter of which is always kept 
in view by Polybius, the valleys of the Isere and 
of Aoste are eminently superior to all the others of 
the Alps ; so much so, that even at the present 
moment, if time were not an object, and if the im- 
proved means of transporting subsistence, which 
modem armies enjoy, were put aside, an army 
might cross the Alps with greater general facility, 
and with much less individual suffering, by this 
passage than by any other. The only two parts of 
the road that are bad, are the Mont du Chat and 
the Little St. Bernard itself; and a little labour 
would put these two places into very good 
order. 

In addition to our general agreement with our 
author, this theory is supported by a great 
number of facts, which though when taken singly 
they may appear unimportant, are yet, collec- 
tively, of great strength ; such as the silver tablet, 
the imiversal tradition of the inhabitants, the 
Roche Blanche, and others of that nature. It 
is also consistent with itself, which is a quality 
that must be denied to many others ; and if 
we may judge by the attack made on it by M. 
Letronne and others, it is not op^n to any very 
powerful objections. 

The only important point upon which we differ 
from Polybius, is, as we have already stated, the 
view fr(Mn the summit of the passage. There is a 



198 CONCLUDING REMARKS ON 

second, but of minor importance, viz* the matrch 
through the plains from Vienne, instead of follow- 
ing exactly the course of the Rhone by Lyons to 
the first ascent of the Alps. There is also a third 
point which may admit of discu^ion, which is the 
passage in Strabo already alluded to, in which 
it is stated, that Hannibal passed by the Saltus 
Taurinus. We hav^ we think, shewn with respect 
to the first of these difficulties, that it applies equally 
to all the other passages ; rather less so perhaps to 
the Mont Cenis than to the Mont Genevre, but 
still so much so, as to make the assertion of Poly- 
bius, if taken literally, quite contrary to the fact* 
The statement of M. Larauza, as to the view from 
the Coma Rossa, is positively contradicted by De 
Saussure, in his description of the passage of the 
Mont Genis, in which he proves to demonstration, 
by an^es taken on the spot, that any view of 
the plains of Italy, even from the points of the 
Coma Rossa, would be completely intercepted 
owing to the position and the superior height of 
the Roche Melon, and the mountains to the S. £• 
As to any view from the plain itself, this is totally 
out of the question. Since then this difficulty is 
common to all the passages, we may at once set it 
aside as not bearing upon our hypothesis with 
greater weight than the others. As to the second 
point, respecting the march along the Rhone^ we 
have shewn, that Polybius, in his description of the 
Island, considered that river as flowing in a straight 



THE WHOLE QUESTION. 199 

course from the point where it touched upon the 
Alps, to its confluence with the Isere, neglecting or 
being ignorant of the angle which it forms at 
Lyons. This course we adopt, and by fulfilling the 
first and the final term of the problem, we do all that 
can be reasonably required of us, consistently with 
the text of our author ; and the difficulty, such as 
it is, can be got rid of in no other way : for even if 
we admit that " the river,^' may be converted from 
the Rhone to the Isere, as the opponents of our 
theory would have it, we are not at all more ad-» 
vanced, since the left bank of that river is now and 
always has been altogether impracticable for the 
march of an army, and the right or north bank waa 
equally so at the time of Hannibal's passage, though 
this latter fact is of no importance, because all the 
supporters of the march up the Isere proceed on 
the supposition of the army taking that road in 
consequence of the difficulty of crossing the river j 
besides which nothmg would be gained in pomt 
of agreement of distances with Polybius, even by 
a march up the Isere, as the road from the con- 
fluence of the two rivers to Grenoble, where we 
must place the entrance of the Alps, differs more 
from the 100 miles of Polybius, than a march con# 
ducted exactly along the banks of the Rhone to 
Lyons and St. Sorlin would do. As to the third 
point, it has already been sufficiently discussed, and 
the argument seems conclusive against it, that we 
have Polybius himself stating the descent among the 



SOO ' CONCLUDING REliARKS ON 

Insubrians, while we have Strabo at second hsoid, 
asserting the passage by the Saltns Taurinns ; but 
as the two passages are mconsistent with each other, 
we are bound to follow the text of the original 
author. 

Having thus disposed of our own weak points, 
we may add a few remarks upon those of our ad- 
versaries, or rather, upon those of M. De Luc, for 
none of the opponents of that gentleman appear 
to have met with this dissertation, and many of 
their objections to M. De Luc's first edition have 
been entirely removed in his second, in which he 
has adopted almost all the amendments that we 
had reconunended : and this circumstance must be 
careftdly kept in mind by the readers of the works 
alluded to. The first and strongest objection to 
all these theories, is, the impossibility of reconcil- 
ing than with Polybius, not only generally as to 
the character of the road, but particularly as 
to the distances laid down by him, and especisally 
as to the descent among the Insubrians. This 
last. difficulty seems insurmountable; but if we 
add to this the impossibility of subsisting an im- 
moise army in the coimtries which they would 
traverse, as well as the difficulty of carrying it 
through such roads as they would endeavour to 
follow, we must remain convinced that the loi^est 
way is the easiest; and no readers will be so 
convinced of this truth as those who have thaod- 
sdves explored the different passives ; and it is to 



THE WHOLE QUESTION. 201 

such readers that we appeal with the fullest confi- 
dence. We may add, in justice to ourselves, that 
we have endeavoured to discuss the question with 
the most perfect fairness, not weighing improperly 
upon the points which made in our favour, nor, on 
the other hand, suppressing those which might tell 
against us. To those who, thinking for themselves, 
wish to form their own opinion upon this subject 
unbiassed by that of others, we should recommend 
a diligent and exact study of Polybius, and, after 
that, a comparison of all the different hypotheses 
with the text of that author ; and we must look 
upon Livy in this case not as an historian only, but 
as one of the supporters of a particular theory, for 
he himself allows that the question was doubtful 
and much debated in his own time ; so that his 
assertions axe no more to be taken for granted 
than those of more modem writers upon the 
subject. If this plan be adopted, it appears to 
us that the passage by the Little St. Bernard 
will be found to be more consonant to the text 
of Polybius, asad attended with fewer difficulties 
than that by any other of the known passes of 
the Alps. 

It is impossible to conclude this dissertation 
without again expressing our obligations to M. 
De Luc. It is to him that the theory of General 
Melville owes all its development; and it was 
most fortunate for the literary reputation of the 
General, that he communicated his notes to 



909 CONCLUDING REMARKS ON 

M. De* L» as well as to Mn Whitaker, who ap-* 
pears to have been totally unaware of the value 
of the treasure confided to him. To all who may 
feel interested in this question, we most earnestly 
recommend the perusal of M» De Luc*s work ; 
and we are most happy in being able once more 
to bear testimony to the uniform good &ith, dili* 
gence, accuracy, and talent, displayed in his re- 
marks. 

Should the arguments brought forward by 
that gentleman, and by ourselves, feil in pro- 
ducing conviction, we should advise an inspection 
of the ground itself, in a visit to the places them- 
selves ; as, independently of the great interest 
attached to the question which has been here dis- 
cussed, this passage is decidedly the most beautiful 
of aU. The vaUies of Aoste and of the Isere 
are superior to aU others in Alpine scenery, and 
their beauty alone wiU amply repay the trouble 
of visiting them. Although these vallies are not 
much frequented by strangers, yet their great 
population, and the constant intercourse they 
maintain with each other, wiU always ^isure 
to the traveller the means of transporting him- 
self with ease from place to place. It is easy 
to go from Geneva to Scez, at the foot of the 
Little St. Bernard, in three days ; and when 
once there, the two vaUies may be thoroughly 
examined in a week. To those, however, who 
are unable or unwilling to undertake this journey. 



THE WHOLE QUESTION. 203 

we trust that the arguments brought forward in 
ihe preceding pages in favour of the passage by 
the Little St. Bernard, will appear sufficiently con- 
clusive to set the question fairly, if not finally, at 
rest ; and if so, we feel we cannot better conclude 
this dissertation than by referring all the honour of 
the discovery to General Melville, in the words of 
M. De Luc, whose modesty on this occasion, 
and whose uniform delicacy and unwillingness to 
bring forward his own merits, deserve the highest 
praise. 

" Si ce fiddle et judicieux historien'* (speak- 
ing of Polybius,) " revenoit au monde, et qu'il 
" vit combien toutes les peines qu'il s'est don- 
" n^es pour ne laisser rien d'incertain sur la 
" route d'Annibal, ont et6 inutiles, il demande- 
" roit k quoi servent tons les progres que les 
modemes ont faits dans la geographic. II 
seroit surpris qu'au milieu de ces progres et 
avec les donnfees qu'il foumissoit pour ne pas 
se tromper, on fut tomb6 dans un si grand 
" nombre d'erreurs ; il verroit que Texactitude 
et la justesse d'esprit sont des qualit^s aussi 
rares k present qu'elles F6toient de son 
temps ; il seroit ^tonn^ qu'un Ecossois, (le 
G6n6ral Melville,) un habitant de la Cal6donie, 
de ce pays le plus recul6 des pays soumis par 
les Romains, eut r^solu cette question si sou- 
vent agitee sans succes, question que les ha- 






it 



204 CONCLUSION. 

" bitans des Alpes, et des pays qui sont k leur 
** pied, que les militaires meme qui ont fait la 
" guerre dans ces pays, avoient fet6 hors d'fetat 
*• de r&oudre.*' 






APPENDIX. 



PoLYBiTTS, Book iii« Chap. 34. 

Hai^Kibal having taken every precaution for the 
security of Africa and Spain^ now awaited and expected 
the arrival oi those persons who had been seaat to him by 
the Gauls ; for he had inade exact inquiries with req)ect 
to the fertility of the country at the foot of the Alps, and 
near the Po; the niunber of its inhabitants, and their 
courage in war ; but, above all, he had ascertained their 
hatred against the Romans from the former war, of which 
we gave an account in the preceding book, in order to 
make our readers better acquainted with the events now to 
be related. 

Hannibal therefore entertained much hope fnnn this 
circumstance, and sent diligently to the chiefs of the 
Oauls, both those who dwdt on the other side of the Alps^ 
and those who inhabited these mountains themselves; 
making large offers and promises : for he concdved that 
he should alone be able to raise a war in Italy against the 
Romans, by succeeding in passing the difficult jdaces that 
intervened, and arriving in the country above mentioned, 
and obtaining the assistance and co-operation of the Oauls 
in his friture projects. 



206 APPENDIX. 

These emissaries having therefore arrived, and having 
announced the good will and expectation of the Gauls, and 
declared that the passage of the Alps was indeed very 
laborious and difficult, but not at all impossible, Hannibal 
drew together his troops from their winter quarters at the 
commencement of spring. 

News had also lately arrived from Carthage, which 
much elated him, and inspired him with confidence in the 
good will of his fellow citizens ; so that he now openly 
exhorted his troops to prepare for a war with the Romans, 
laying before them in what manner the Romans had ven- 
tured to ask that he and all the principal officers of the 
army should be given up to them : he explained to them 
also liie fertility of the country in whidi diey would arrive, 
and the good will and friendship "ci the Gauls towards 
them. Upon the army^s testifying their eagerness and 
zeai, he praised their spirit, and having fixed a day for 
Ms departure, broke up the assembly. 

Pabt of Chap. 39* Distances. 

From the pillars c^ Hercules to the Pyrenees there are 
8000 stadia; from ^e pillars to Carthagena, whence 
Hannibal set out, the distance is 3000 stadia ; from thence 
to the river Ebro, there are 2600 stadia ; from the Ebro to 
Emporium, 1600 ; and also from thence to the passage of 
the Rhone, there are 1600 stadia : for all these distances 
have been measured in steps, and divided at intervals of 
eight stadia acouratdy by the Romans. From the pas- 
sage of the Rhone, for those who proceed along the river 
as if towards its source, to the ascent of the Alps on the 
way to Italy, tiiere are 1400 stadia. There remains the 
passage of these mountains, a distance of about 1900 
stadia, which having crossed, Hannibal would reach those 
plains of Italy that are adjacent to the Po. 



APPENDIX. 207 



Chap. 42. 

Hannibal having reached the Rhone, immediately pre- 
pared to effect a passage where the river was one entire 
stream, being then encamped about four days journey 
from the sea ; and having by every means conciliated the 
people who inhabited the banks of the river, he purchased 
from them all thdr canoes and boats in sufiBciait quantity 
for his purpose : f(»: these people who dwell on the Rhone 
are much in the habit oi trading to the sea ; he besides 
received from them a quantity of timber for ccmstructing 
canoes ; so that in two days he had got together a vast 
supply of vessels to carry over the army ; each one striving 
to stand m no need of his neighbour, but to put in himself 
all hope of effecting a passage. 

Meanwhile a numerous body of barbarians was collected 
exi the opposite bank, to prevent the passage of the 
Car&aginians, upon tiie sight of whom, Hannibal, judg- 
ing that in his presoit situation it was not possiUe for him 
to cross the river by force in the face of so numerous a 
body of enemies, nor to remain there, lest he should be 
attacked on all sides, at the approach of the third night, 
sant off a detachment of his army, with natives as guides, 
and under the orders of Hanno, the son of Bomilcar 
These having marched up the river for 200 stadia, came 
to a place where it is divided by an island ; there they 
halted, and having cut down timber from a neighbouring 
forest, they partly used it in constructing boats, and partly 
fastened it together for rafts, of which th^ soon made a 
sufficient number for their present pinrpose ; on these they 
then crossed over without any (^position, and having taken 
iqp a strcmg position, they waited there that day to rest 
frooi liieir fatigues, and also lo be ready to execute those 



208 APPENDIX. 

orders which should be issued to them. Hannibal also did 
the same with the remainder of his army ; his greatest 
difficulty being how to carry over his elephants, of which 
he had thirty-seven. 

Chap. 43. 

At the approach of the fifth night, those troops who had 
crossed over at day-break, began their march along the 
river against those barbarians who w^re opposed to Han- 
nibal. The latter having his forces now prepared, pto* 
ceeded to carry them across the river ; having filled the 
largar vessels with the cavalry armed with targets, and the 
canoes with Ught infantry. The larger vessels were placed 
higher up and along the stream, and below them the 
smaller boats; that the force of the current might be 
broken by the former, and so render the passage of the 
canoes more secure. It had been devised also, to draw 
the horses as they swam from the stems of the larger 
vessels, one man being able to manage three or four 
on each side of the vessel, by means of ropes, so that 
a great body of horse wa« carried over in the very first 
crossing. 

But the barbarians, seeing the attempt made by their, 
enemies, hurried out of their intrenchments in a scattered 
and tumultuous manner, persuaded that they could easily 
prevent the passage of the Carthaginians. But Hannibal, 
as soon as he saw on the opposite side his troops now ad- 
vancing, and signifying their approach by smoke, as had 
been agreed upon, gave orders for the whole army to- 
embark, and for those who were appcanted to the larger 
vessels, to force their passage across the stream. This 
being speedily executed, aiftl those who were in the larger 
boats vying with each other in loud cries, and struggling 
against the rapidity of the stream ; and both armies stand- 



209 



210 APPENDIX. 

(urmy, by means of an interpreter, what luul been determined 
upoa by them. 

Among the circumstances calculated to inspire them 
with confidence, these were the jHrindpal : first, the pre- 
fi^ice of those men who incited them to the war, and 
undertook to assist them against the Romans ; and next, 
the promise which they made of conducting them through 
places, in which they would lack nothing, and at the same 
time reach Italy speedily and with safety, was most per- 
suasiye ; as well as the account they gave of the fertility 
and extent of the country into which they were to arriye, 
and the zeal of its inhabitants, who would assist them in 
their battles with the Romans. 

The Gauls having made this statement, retired. Thai 
Hannibal himself came forward, and began first by re- 
minding his troops of their former achievements; in which, 
thou^ often engaged in difficult and arduous enterprises, 
they had never once failed, in consequence of their having 
followed his advice and direction. He then exhorted them 
to be confident also in this undertaking, seeing that they 
had already accomplished the most important part of their 
task, since they had effected the passage of the river, and 
had behdd with their own eyes the zeal and good will of 
ih&r allies ; wherefore he conceived that they ought to have 
no anxiety with respect to the details of their operations, as 
that would be his concern ; but by their obedience to his 
commands to shew their worth, and act consistently wkk 
their former exploits. 

The troops having testified by their acclamations great 
ceal and alacrity, he praised their s[»rit, and having oWeted 
vows to the Gods in behalf of all, he dismissed them, with 
orders to r^esh themselves, and to get ready with all 
diligadce, as the departure would tfike place mi the 
morrow. 






212 APPENDIX. 

they secured also that side which was against the stream, 
by cables from the land fastened to some trees which grew 
on the bank, in order that they might not be forced away 
by the strength of the current Having made this raft in 
the form of a bridge about two himdred feet in length, 
they added to the end of it two other larger floats very 
firmly joined together, but fastened to the rest in such a 
manner, that the cables by which they were held might 
easily be cut asunder. They fixed also many rc^pes to 
these, by means of which the boats that were to tow th^n 
across might keep them from being carried down the 
stream ; and thus resisting the current, convey the elephants 
on them to the other side. They next spread a great 
quantity of earth upon the rafts, laying it on till they had 
rendered them level, and similar in colour with the road 
on the land that led to the passage. The elephants being 
accustomed to obey the Indians till they approached the 
water, but never daring to venture in, they first led forward 
two female elephants along the rafts, when the rest pre- 
sently followed. Upon reaching the extreme rafts, the 
cables which fastened them to the rest were cut, and they 
were instantly towed by the boats towards the other side. 
At this, the elephants being thrown into great disorder, 
titfned every way, and rushed to every part of the raft. 
But being surrounded on all sides by water, 'their fears 
subsided, and they were constrained to remain where they 
stood. In this manner were the greater part of the elephants 
brought over, two rafts being thus continually fitted to the 
rest. Some, however, through fear, threw themselves into 
&e stream in the midst of the passage. The Indians who 
conducted these all perished ; but the beasts themselves 
escaped ; for owing to the strength and size of their, trunks 
thiey were able t6 raise these above the water, and breathe 
through them ; and thus discharging the water as it ett^ 






APPENDIX. 213 

tered their mouUi, they held out, and for the most part 
walked across the river. 

Chap. VJ. 

The elephants having now been brought across, Han- 
nibal placed them and his cavalry in the rear, and set 
forward on his march along the river, proceeding from the 
sea in an easterly direction, as if he were marching towards 
the central parts of Europe. 

Now the Rhone takes its source above the Adriatic 
Gulph, inclining to the west, in that part of the Alps 
which stretches towards the north : it then flows towards 
the south-west, and falls into the Sardinian sea ; it runs for 
a considerable space through a valley, the north side of 
which is inhaUted by the Ardyes Celtae ;* but on the south 
it is bounded by the ridge of the Alps, which face the 
north. The chain here described separates the plains of 
the Po, concerning which we have already spoken at 
length, from the valley of the Rhone, beginning at Mar- 
seilles, and reaching to the extremity of the Adriatic 
Gulph ; and when Hannibal had crossed over these 
mountains from tb&£Ountry touching upon the Rhone, he 
entered into Italy. 

But some of those who have written an account of this 
passage, wishing to astonish their readers by marvellous 
descriptions of these places, are fallen unawares into two 
defects most contrary to all real history. They are com- 
pelled to give false accounts, and also to contradict them- 
selves ; for having presented Hannibal to our view as a 
general unequalled for his daring and foresight, they at the 
same time shew him to have been the most inconsiderate of 

* These are either the iEklui^ <x the Arvemi of the Ro- 
mans. 



214 APTENDIX. 

mm- la the next places not being abW to Inrfag' die 
matter to an end, nor to extricate tfaemsdves from ihese 
falsehoods, they introduce the gods and sons of gods into 
a narrative of real facts. They stippose the Alps to be so 
sleep and ruggied, thait it vere impaaaible not nierdy for 
eavalry, or armies with dtfdianltSy bttt evem ios imfantry 
Hghlly eqiiipped, to surmount them ; and represent them 
besides as ao destitute of inbabfttants^ that, unless some god 
or hero had met Hannibal, and pointed out the way to him, 
both be imd his arany would ha/v^ been> brought to such 
distress as must have ende^ ia their total destnxction. Sucb 
then ift the dilemmtft into which these writers hare confess* 
<^y faUen. 

GujLF, 48. 

For, in the first place, what general would appear so 
Toid of counsel or so diestitute of sense as Haimibal, if,, 
leading so great an army^ and. placing in it all his hope? 
of success, he had neither adieertaisied by what way or 
throttgh what coimtries he was- to proceed, nor,^ in shorty, 
where ov whith^ he was going. If^ finally, he should ap- 
pear to have attempt«iy not what was baisly practicaUey 
but absolutely the reverse; and yet when n>' gemesded^ 
however desperate his^ siifcuatioiiy woidd think of koding^his 
jbvees ioto ai country of which be had no previous koowu 
kdge, this is. the conduct wMch these writers. asccSbe to 
Haanibel, who then, entertained the full and undimioisiied) 
hope of sucoeeding m his enterprise. In Mke moraief , what 
they: relate with regard to the desert state of these plaoes^ 
their steepne» and cEfficulty of access^ equally caamekB 
IJbem. of falaehood* They indeed seem nerer to hove 
heard that the Gauls who live near the Rhone had more 
than oocev and.nnt long befove the passiEige eC Hannibal, 
crossed the Alps with numerous armies, had engaged widir 



APPENDIX. 215 

tibe Romans, and assisted the Gauls who lire near the Po, 
as we have before shewn ; and besides, they are not aware 
that the Alps are inhabited by a numerous race of people ; 
but from thdr ignorance in these several matters^ they are* 
obliged to assert that some hero made his appearance 
anongst the Carthaginians, and pointed out the way to 
litem. In this circumstance they naturally follow the 
example of tragic writers, who, in their catastrophes, have 
tontinuaUy recourse to some god or machine, because they 
lay down at first plots which are contrary to trufh and 
iestmm. So these historians are compelled to make use of a 
similar expedient, and cause both heroes and gods to ap 
pear, after they have laid down in the beginning facts so 
impf obaUe aa^ so inconsistent with truth ; for ho^ is it 
|MDssiUe to adapt a reasonable end to so absurd a beginning. 
BiiC the truth is, Hannibal did not in anywise act as these 
writers acffii^m, but conducted his enterprise with consum- 
Hiate judgment ; lor he had accurately ascertained the ex- 
cellent nature a! the country in which he was to arrive, 
ttnd the hostile disposition of its inhabitants towards the 
Romans ; imd he had for guides and conductors through 
ihe diflcult passes that lay in the way, natives of th^ 
country, men who were to partake of the same hopes with 
himself. But I speak with confidence on this subject, b(^ ^ 
cause I have made inquiries from persons who lived at the 
time these transactions took place, and have visited th^ 
ground, and joumied besides through the Alps, for tAe 
putpose of inspecting these places and gaining some accu- 
rate information respecting them. 

Cra]^. 49. 

Meanwhile, however, Publius, the Roman general, 
coming up to the place where the Carthaginians had 
ckbssed tlie river, three days afbr they had broken up their 



216 APPENDIX. 

camp, and finding the enemy gone, his surprise, as migfat 
be expected, was extreme, having felt assured that they 
would never attempt to pass into Italy by that way, on ac- 
count of the multitude and unsettled dispositi<m of the bar- 
barous nations that lay in that direction. Perceiving, 
however, that they had made the attempt, he hastened back 
to his ships, and upon his arrival immediately embarked 
his forces; and having sent his brother to conduct the 
operations in Spain, he himself set sail for Italy, desirous of 
marching with the utmost speed through Tyrrhenia, so as 
to reach the Alps before the enemy could have succeeded 
in pas^ng those mountains. 

But Hannibal having marched for four successive days, 
from the passage of the Rhone, came to a place called the 
Island, a country very populous and fertile in cc»m. It 
derives its appellation from this circumstance : The 
Rhone on one hand, and a river called the Isara on the 
other, flowing each along one of its sides, form tiie land 
into an angle at their junction. It nearly resembles 
the Delta of Egypt in extent and shape, except that the 
sea forms one of the sides of the latter, and connects the 
branches of the river that enclose it ; but the third side of 
the former is terminated by a chain of mountains extremely 
rugged and steep, not to say inaccessible. On his arrival 
at this country, he found in it two brothers contending fwc 
the sovereignty, and in arms against each other ; when, 
upon the elder^s requesting his aid and co-operation in se- 
curing for him the throne, he readily acceded to the pro- 
posal, as it was then already evident what advantage he 
was likely to secure to himself from such a measure. 
Having therefore joined his forces with him, and driven 
out the other brother, he received in return no small assist- 
ance from the victor. 

Fqt he not only abundantly supplied the army with 



apm:ndix- 217 

com and other necessaries, but very seasonably exchanged 
for new ones whatever arms were old and worn out : he 
besides furnished a great part oi the forces with new 
clothing, and especially with shoes, which proved of infi- 
nite service to them in their march through themoimtains. 
But above all, as they must have passed throu^ the 
country of the GbuIs, named Allobroges, with some d^ree 
of apprehension, he protected their rear with his forces 
during their march, and secured them from all attack till 
tiiey drew near to the foot of the Alps. 

Chap. 60. 

When Hannibal had marched for ten days along the 
river, a distance of about 800 stadia, and was preparing to 
ascend the Alps, he then found himself in |t situation preg- 
nant with extreme difficulty and danger ; for as long sifi 
the army remained in the plain, all the chiefs of the Allo- 
broges had refrained from molesting it in its progress, 
partly through fear of the cavalry, and partly also of the 
Barbarians that followed in the rear. 

But when the latter had returned to their own country, 
imd the army was now entering the difficult passes, the 
chiefs of the Allobroges collected a numerous body of men, 
and seized upon the defiles through which Hannibal and 
his army were necessarily obUged to pass. 

Now if they had conducted their plan with secrecy, they 
must have utterly destroyed the Carthaginian army ; but 
thdr intentions becoming evident, this jdot, though it 
caused a considerable loss to the Carthaginians, proved no 
less dest|:uctive to themselves. For when the Carthaginian 
general had observed that they had occupied the nu)8t 
advantageous posts, he halted, and encamped at the foot of^ 
the heights ; whilst he sent forward some of the Oauls that.' 
served him as guides to spy out the design and plan <^ the 



218 APPENDIX* 

enemy. These having obeyed hi« ordarSy Hasmibal leantty 
that during the dajr the Barbarians kept a carefiit guard 
at &eir post, but that when night came they retired to m 
neighbouring town. Upon thi^ information Hazmibai pre- 
pared hi» measures, and adopted the following jdan : he 
kd on bis forces in op^d sight, and haTiog broi^ht then^ 
tip dose to the eattsaaxe of the defile, he encaooaped witMn^ 
a short distance j)i the enemy ; as night caiaie on, he 
ordered fires to be lighted^ whexi^ leaving the greater 
part of his army there, he himself, tdth a select body 
of his best troops, lightly equipped for the occasion, 
penetrated through the defiles during the night, and seized 
upon those posts which the ^lemy had deserted; tliey 
havii^ retired accords^ to their umial pnictiee to dieir 
cHy. 

Chas. 61. 

When this had been eic^cuted, and mormiig cdme, the^ 
Barbmans, perceivii^ what had tak^ir ^ace, at first 
desisted from forming any enterpriztei; h^ aflerwards, 
observing the beasts of bu¥^n and the cavalry slowly and 
with diMS€tilty e^trlea^ng ^mselves fi>ofi^the defiles', they 
w«re larged by that ei^eusistimce €a make an attack upon 
them during the mareh. Vfo& iM^ determiiui^ion they 
assailed the CarthaginiatQ^ dft seVa^ pdnt« at oiK$e^ and 
caiised AieoSr a sevef«> Ibss^ esj^ially ki horses and beasts 
of burdien ; ma m iauch indeed from the assailants, s» 
awimg, %& the nature of the gro«tnd ; t<it as the way by 
wMob thef w^t& advancing was not only rotigh und niGnt>wv 
buir aibo* precipitoiAs many of the beasts ^at were loadKid 
widi thtf baggage, from the kasi^ock ^A confuaon y»&m 
carri^ tdge^^ with i^^ toads* diiMim the precipi<^ : afidf 
tUs disc»d^ was cMefiy caused by the wounded horses^; 
tut sMie^ nendcared munanageable by the pab, fbU agahist 



APPENDIX. 219 

the beasts of burthen ; others, rushing forwards and over- 
throwing every thing they encountered in so difficult a 
road, created the utmost confusion and alarm. 

Haimibal observing this,, and reflectiHg that even though 
Ihe troops should escape, the loss of the baggage nmst be 
attended with the ruin of the army, adrvaccs to tbeir aid 
widk the detiu;hment which had occupied the he^hti dmnng 
the night; as he made his attack from higher grouad, he 
destroyi^ many of the ememy, not, hofwever, widiout 0ui-* 
ISering eqaatly in rettma ; fmr the disorder o£ the marcb 
was mudi inccefiised by the conffict and damdur* of ibaae 
fresh troops. But when, however^ Ae gteater part of ^e 
Allotnt>ges^had perished in iAae eombatv^ and the rest had 
1>een forced to fly for shelter tot thdr homes, iimny enlyy 
the remainder of the beasts of burtfaea and cwtralxy, wiljt 
great toil and difficulty, succeedecE xh. emerging from di^ 
pass. HanMbal having theiidrawm together aU the tnwpff 
he oo«dd cdleot after the engagement, proceed)^' to ussmrit 
tile town, from whence the enemy had made their attack,^ 
and finding it almost deserted, because the inhabitants 
had been aU induced to go fbrth in quest of booty,^ he 
easily became master of ft ; find from thence derived mgof 
important advantiages, bo<fa f&r his immediiEtte aswefl $» 
future wants. 

For his present supply he obtained a vMt number of 
horses and' beasts^ of burthen, and captives^ aad besides^ 
a quantity of com and cattle suffiei^ni t& mai»tfldn ih^ 
army with ease fbr two or three days ; he also infused' 
mMh terror into the neighboimng people,^ that nene e# 
liiose -wh^ dwelt near the ascent of the mousilains woiiM 
easily be induced to form any ent^rize against himf. 



320 APPENDIX. 



Chap. 52. 

Havii^ then pitched his camp in that place, and re- 
mained there one day, he again set out on his march, and 
proceeded for some time in perfect safety ; but on the 
fourth day he again became exposed to imminent danger. 
¥cir the people who dwelt round the passage, having con- 
spired together to deceive him, came out to meet him, with 
bou^s and garlands ; for this is the sjrmbol of peace with 
nearly all barbarous nations, as the Caduceus is among 
the Greeks. But Hannibal, cautious of giving hastily 
credit to these assurances, questioned them minutely as 
to their purpose and intentions altogether. They assured 
Mm that they were well aware of the capture of the 
town, and the destruction of those who had made an attack 
upon him; they also e:^ressly declared that they were 
oome for that purpose^ as being desirous of neither d(Hng or 
sufPering any injury, and offered to deliver into his hands 
some ci thdr people as hostages. 

Hannibal remained long in doubt, and mistrusted this 
declaration ; but when he had reflected, that if he shoidd 
accept thdr offers, it would render this people more cau- 
tious and gentle in their conduct ; but were he to reject 
them, it would force them to beccmie his avowed enemies ; 
he assaited to their proposal, and pretended to enter into 
an alliance of amity with them : but when these Barbarians 
had given thar hostages, and furnished the army with 
cattle in great abundance, and altogether had put th^n- 
^Ives into his hands without any reserve, Hannibal was 
induced, in some d^ee, to lay aside his suspicions, and 
even eaq)loy them as guides to conduct the army through 
the remaining defiles. When the Carthaginians, then, had 
proceeded for two days, under the conduct of these guides. 



APPENDIX. 221 

the Barbarians, haying meanwhile assembled together in 
great numbers, made a sudden attack upon the Carthagi- 
nians, as they were passing throu^ a ravine very difficult 
of access, and closed in by steep and rugged heights. 

Chap. 63. 

Here then must Hannibal and his whole army have been 
infallibly destroyed, had not he still been in some degree 
on his guard, and, foreseeing the possibility of sudi an 
attack, placed his baggage and cavalry in the van, while 
he kept his heavy infantry ia the rear ; for as these closed 
the march, they prevented a severer loss, by sustaining the 
shock of the Barbarians ; notwithstanding, however, a vast 
number of men, beasts of burthen, and horses, perished. 
For the Barbarians having the advantage of the ground, 
and advancing along the sides of the mountains, as the 
army proceeded on its way, by rolling rocks upcm them; 
and hurling stones, spread the utmost disorder and con- 
fusion throughout their ranks; insomuch that Hannibal 
was forced, with one half of his army, to bivouac that 
night dose to a certain white rock, strcmg from its posi- 
tion; whence he could protect his baggage and cavalry, 
now separated from him ; nor was it till the whole night 
had been spent, that they were'at length enaUed to emerge 
from this ravine. 

But the following day, the enemy being now retired, 
Hannibal rejoined his baggage and cavalry, and led on the 
army to Ih'e highest summits of the Alps, having no longer 
ts encounter any numerous body of the Barbarians, but 
harassed on different points by straggling parties, that 
fell either on his advance or rear, as c^portunity was 
offered them, and carried off some of the baggage. On 
these <icca8i<m6 the elephants were of the greatest service, 
fin* wherever they presented themselves in the march, the 



enmny aever veotured to advaoee, befog stivdk with lenrar 
. at 1^ eight of tlie^ beasts. 

Haidi^ reaeh^ Uie uimmk c^ the moiwAaaiis on die 
^ Ignth day, Haombid pit<jied his qaixqp, md renmiaed there 
for two days, desirous of resting ihe troops he had brought 
thus far safe ; and also that he might wait for those who 
^^lilieed to have been left behind; during this time, many 
of die horses that had brol^Len loose dtrough fright, and 
fbei^M» 0t bturfben that had tibrown off their loads, having 
IbUowed the traces of the janny^ contrary to esqpectation 
ffeioined th^OKosn* 

Chap. 64. 

Tb^e waa already snow collected on the summit of the 
jttMHiotains, as it was now near the setting of the Pldades ; 
ulierefore seeing his troops in a state of great d^ection 
from the hardships they had suffered, and those that still 
4nFmted them, Hannibal sought, by drawing them tc^ether, 
lo raise their drooping spirits. The sight of Italy was the 
readiest expedient he Iiad for this purpose, for it is so doae 
beneath these mountains, that, whai viewed togedier, the 
All>s appear as the citadel of Italy. 

: Pointing, out, therefore, "to his soldiers the plains 
^acent to the Po, and reminding them of the friendly 
disposition of their inhabitants, the Gauls, towards them, 
mid shewing them the pk^e where Rome itself was situated, 
he in some degree revived their courage. On the morrow 
ihsy decamped, and began the descent, no long^ ^posed 
to the attack of any enemy, exc^ a few lurking ma- 
rauders ; but from the nature ci the ground, and die 
qsantity of faaow, their loss was scarce less than what they 
hid expericsiced during the accent. 

JPor the desert was not only narrow and Meep, but the 
MOW mderbig it impossible to distinguish where. ^diey 



placed their steps, whenerer they turned out of the proper 
track, tfa^y were inevitably lost in some precipice. Still, 



224 APPENDIX. 

wedged in, both through their weight, and the firm naturcf 
of the old snow. Having, therefore, desisted from this 
attempt, Hannibal encamped near this narrow ledge, and 
having caused the snow to be cleared away, he set his 
army about propping up and reconstructing the road ; a 
task attended with great labour and difficulty. In the 
space of a day, however, sufficient progress was made to 
allow a passage for the beasts of burthen and horses ; when 
these were immediately led down to the plains which were 
free from snow, and sent to pasture. He then ordered the 
Numidians to proceed further in the repairs of the road, 
relieving eacji other during the work ; wh^i, after much 
labour and toil during three days, they succeeded in 
making the elephants pass, these animals being now almost 
worn out with famine ; for the summits and higher points 
of the Alps are entirely naked and destitute of vegetation, 
from bdng constantly covered with snow both winter and 
summer ; but the middle regions on both rides abound in 
wood and trees, and are altogether habitable. 

Chap. 56> 

Hannibal having now collected his whole force, de- 
scudded, and in three days more from the time that he had 
passed over the broken way, reached the plain, having lost 
many of his soldiers, as well from the attacks of the enemy, 
as in passing rivers, during the course of the march; 
many likewise in the precipices and defiles of the Alps ; 
and a still greater number of hc»:ses and beasts of burthen. 
Finally, having completed his journey in five months fit)m 
Carthagena, and spent fifteen days in crossing the Alps, 
he descended boldly into the plains that are near the Po, 
and the territory of the Insubrians, having saved of his in- 
&ntry not more than 12,000 Africans, and 8,000 Spaniards ; 
<^ his cavalry only 6,000; as he himself declares, in an^ 



i 



APPENDIX. 225 

ax^coimt of the number of his force engraved on a column 
at Lacinium. 

Chap. 60* 

Hannibal havingnow entered Italy with the forces above 
mentioned, encamped at the foot of the Alps, and turned 
all his attention at first to recruit and refresh his army. 
For the troops had jiot only suffered extreme hardships 
from the difficulties of the way, both in the ascent and 
descent of the mountains, but they were besides reduced to 
the utmost distress, from the want of necessary provisions, 
and neglect of their persons, during their journey. Many, 
indeed, seemed to have lost all energy and courage from 
want and continued sufferings. For it was not easy to 
convey provisions necessary for the support of so many 
thousands through a country of so difficult an access, and 
those which they brought with them had been for the most 
part lost, together with the beasts that carried them. So 
that his army, which, after the passage of the Rhone, 
amounted to 38,000 foot, and more than 8,000 horse, was 
now reduced to nearly half that number, from the losses it 
had sustained in the passage of the mountains ; and these, 
from being exposed to such repeated sufferings, both in 
appearance and condition, were brought to a state more 
resembling that of wild beasts than human beings. 

Hannibal^s whole care was therefore directed to the best 
means of reviving the spirits of his troops, and restoring the 
men and horses to their former vigour and condition. 

When, therefore, his troops were sufficiently recovered 
from their fatigues, he first of all invited the Taiuiai, who 
dwell' at the foot of the Alps^ to enter into an alliance with 
him, they being then at war with the Insubrians, and but 
ill affected towards the Carthaginians : upon their refusal, 
he surrounded their chief city, and took it after a siege of 



226 APPENDIX. 

three days, putting to the swoird all who had opposed him; 
by this measure he spread such terror among the neigh^ 
bouring Barbarians, that they all came immediately and 
submitted at discretion. Now the remainder of the Gauls 
who inhabited these plains were desirous, according to their 
first intention^ of joining the Carthaginians ; but the Roman 
legions having already passed through most of their 
country, and thus prevented them, they were forced to 
remain quiet ; some, indeed, were compelled to join the 
Romans. 

Seeing this, therefcnre, Hannibal judged that he ought, 
without loss of time, to move forward, and achieve some- 
thing, for the purpose of giving confidence to those who 
were desirous of making common cause with him. 



EXTRACT FKOM THE HISTOIBE D£ L^ACADEMIE DES IN- 
SCRIPTIONS, RELATING TO THE SILVER TABLET FOUND 
AT "PASSAGE^ IN DAUPHINY, AND NOW PRESERVED IN 
THE KING^S LIBRARY AT PARIS. 

En 1714, un fermier de la terre du Passage en Dau- 
phin^, Diocese de Vienne, faisant ses labours au lever du 
soleil, eut sa charrue accrochee par une gros6e pierre, dont 
r^ranlement rendit quelque son ; il employa le reste de 
la joum^ a Tenlever, et en ^tant venu k bout, il trouva 
dessous un grand bouclier d^argent, de vingt-sept pouces 
dediametre, etdu poids de quarante-trois marcs. M. Oal- 
lien de Ghabons, Seigneur du lieu et Ckmseiller au 
Parlement de Orenoble, ^toit heureusement alcnrs au 
chfiteau du Passage ; le fermier lui porta le soir m^me 
le bouclier, dont il fut si charm^, que sur-le-champ il lui 



APPENDIX. 227 

donna quittance d^une ann^ enti^rede sa ferme, lui recom^ 
numdant seulaxient le secret de la decouverte et de la 
recompense ; ensuite il renf^rma pr^ieusement ce bouclier, 
qu^il appelloit une Table de Sacrifice, dans une armoire de 
la sacristie de sa chapelle, et Ton n^en eut connoissance 
qu^apres sa mort. Akxrs ses h^ritiers apprirent toute 
lliistcMre paar son livre de raison, ou il avoit 6crit que si 
jamais on se d^faisoit de cette antiquity, il falloit que ce fiit 
pour avoir en echange un fonds capable d^entretenir bon- 
nStement un chapelain au diateau du Passage; ils 
r^solurent de suivre cette vue ; ils envoyferent le bouclier, 
toujours appell^ Table de Sacrifice, k M. de Boze, pour 
saYoir s^il conviaidroit au Cabinet du Roi. Sa Majeste 
Tagrea; EUe Le fit payer le double de sa valeur intrins^que, 
et il fut plac6 i c6t6 de celui de Scipion. 

Ce second bouclier votif, qui est tres-aitier et tres-oon- 
8ery6, est de la meme fcHme, c^est^^^-dire, exactement rood, 
4-peu-{H:^s de la m£me grandeur et du meme poids que le 
precedent ; mais il n^est pas k beaucoup pr^s aussi charge 
de figures et d^omements. On y a seulement repr^sent^ au 
centre, un lion sous un palmi^, et au bas dans une espece 
d^exergue les membres 6pars de divers animaux, sur-tout 
de sangliers. De ce centre partent des rayons d^une ciselure 
simple et noble, qui s^elevant et s'^^largissant dans une juste 
proportion, viennent aboutir a la circonference de tout le 
bouclier, et forment en ce genre un tr^s-agr6able coup- 
d'ceU. 

« 

M. de Boze Tayant fait voir it TAcademie, on ne balanga 
pas k y reconnoitre un ouvrage Carthagincns ; le rapport 
de la gravure de ce bouclier avec celle des m6dailles de 
Carthage, Tauroit seul indiqu6, mais le lion et le palmier, 
sjrmboles ordinaires de cette ville fameuse, achevoient de 
le determiner. De \k les conjectures prenant leur essor, on 
alia jv^squ''k soup^onner que le bouclier pourroit bien avoir 



228 APPENDIX. 

appartenu a Annibal, et etre une offirande qu*ii auroit faite 
apres son passage du Rhone k quelque divinit6 des en- 
virons comme k celle des Vocontiens, ^' Dea Vocontiorum," 
si cel^bre dans Thistoire, et dont on trouve un d grand 
nombre de monuments en Dauphin6. On observa que son 
Temple etoit pr^cisement dans le canton ou la d6couverte 
s^etoit faite, et que suivant Tancienne tradition du pays, la 
terre du Passage avoit retenu ce nom, du passage d^Annibal 
avec son arm6e, lorsqu^il la menoit en Italie. On ajouta que 
si les Grecs et les Romains avment coutume d'^offiir aux 
dieux, des boucliers votifs pour leur demander des succes, 
ou pour les en remercier, cet usage n^6toit pas moins 
(Hrdinaire aux Carthaginois, comme on Fa d^jk vu par 
Texemple d'Asdrubal frere d'Annibal, dans les d6pouilles 
de qui on trouva ce bouclier d'argent, du poids de cent 
trente-huit livres, qui Mt mis au Capitole. On remarqua 
encore que si le lion ^toit un des symboles de Carthage, il 
^toit devenu par excellence celui d^Annibal, k qui on en 
avoit donn6 le sumom, et qu'Amilcar son pere avoit coutume 
de dire de ses enfans, que c^6toient des lions qu'il nourrissoit 
pour la destruction de Rome et de ses Allies. (Tom. ix- 
p. 155.) 



EXTRACT FROM THE THEATEUM SABAUDIiE. EELATINO 
TO THE ESTABLISHMENT OF THE CONVENT ON THE 
LITTLE ST. BERNARD. 

NON satis fuit eximio Viro Dei, Bernardo, qua dixi- 
mus in Monte Jovis* fecisse, nisi id ipsum in supradicto 

» The Great St Bernard. 



APPENDIX. 229 

monte qui ex Salassis in Centrones sive ex Augustensi 
Valle in Tarentasiensis ducit, praestitisset. Is cum 
Mons Columnse Jovis diceretur accepta denominatione 
a Mannore& Column^ cujus in summo eminebat Lapis 
Garbunculus seu Pyropus quern ' Jovis oculum dicebant, 
ut fert veterum traditio,* non modo dejectd colimm&, 
quod idem in Monte Jovis sequ^ prsestiterat, Dsemones 
Viatoribus similiter insidientes inde ejecit, verum etiam 
aliam Hospitalem domum, sub eorundem Regularium 
ordinis sui Canonicorum regimine, perpetuo ad viatores 
excipiendos inhabitandam, inibi sedificavit ; quae quia 
minoris molis est, minoreque Religiosorum numero habi- 
tatur, Minoris Sancti Bemardi, vulgo, " le Petit St. Ber- 
nard'^ apud Gallos, ^^ San Bernardo il piccolo*^ apud Italos, 
nomen obtinuit. 



ON THE DISTANCES FROM THE PYEENEES TO THE VILLAGE 

OF ST. MARTIN. 

It has not been thought necessary to insert a map of 
the road taken by the army from Ampurias to Nimes, as 
it appears from the d9th chapter of Polybius that he sup- 
poses them to have marched in the track of the great 
Roman road,-|- which formed the communication between 
those two places. It may, however, be satisfactory to give 
the Roman stations, and their distances from each other, 
as marked in the Antonine Itinerary. The distances are 

* This tradition of the eye still exists on the spot 
T D'Anville supposes this to have been the Via Dmnitia. 
See his Notice sur La Oaule^ art Formn Domitii. 



930 APPENDIX. 

prm generally as correeted by D' Anville, nAce, without 
tlieae correctioiiSy they are in «<NBe places manifestly 
frroDg. 

Roman Miles. 
From Emporium (Ampurias) 

to Juncaria (Junquera) . .16 

Ad Pyrenieum (Fort Bellegarde) . 6 

Ad Stabulum (Boulon) .... 6 

Salsulis (Sakes) 28 

Narbone (Narbonne) ... 30 

Beterras (Beziers) 16 

Araura sive Geserone (St Thibery) . . 12 

Forum DcMniti (Gigean ?) . . . ,18 

Sextatione (Soustantion) • . ,15 

Ambrussum (Pont Ambrois on the Vidoiurk) 16 

Nemausus (Nimes) . . .15 

Add the distance to Boquemaure . 30 

207 



The distance is stated by Polybius at 200 miles, so 
that here is an excess of 7> which is certainly not consi- 
derable. The Roman road quitted the present post road 
at Boulon, and went to the eastward to Elne (lUiberis) 
and Roussillon (Ruscino), a town now destroyed, on the 
river Tet, a little bdow Perpignan. It then itgoined the 
great modem road, and went in the same direction till a 
few miles beyond Beziers, when it turned off to the E. to 
St. Thybery, on the river Herault, and proceeded in a 
straight line to Soustantion, which is about three miles to 
the N. E. of Montpellier. It crossed the Vidoiu-le above 
the bridge ol Lunel, by a bridge at Ambrussum> the re- 
mains of whidi are now called Pont Ambrois, tram thefice 
to Nimes. The distance from Emporium to Juncaria is 



APPENDIX. 2S1 

not in the Itinerary, but we have stated it according to its 
actual amount. 

From the passage of the Rhone to the foot of the 
Alps, or from Roquemaure to St. Jean de Chevelu 
(Lavisco), there is a distance of 175 miles, according to 
Polybius. The Antonine Itinerary gives no road be- 
tween Valence and Orange ; but the Itinerarium Hiero- 
solymitanum gives thirty^ight miles from Arausione 
(Orange) to Acuno (Anconne), a small village a little 
above Montelimatt, and thirty-two miles from Acuno to 
Valentia (Valence) ; in all, seventy miles from Orange to 
Valence. The real distance is not quite so great. From 
Valentia we take up the Antonine Itinerary again, coming 
from Milan by the Mont Genevre, or Cottian Alps, to 
Vienne, where we fall in with the road from Milan by the 
Oraian Alps, or Little St. Bernard. 

From Orange to Valence . -70 

To UrsoUs (St. Vallier ?) . . . .22 

Vienna (Vienne) 26 , 

Bergusia (Bourgoin) .... 20 

Augustum "(Aes^ ( <ft. ^xW4. Ji\4truAijL) 16 
Labiscone (Chevelu) .14 

Add from Roquemaure to Orange 6 

174 



The third division of the march consists of the passage 
of the Alps, 150 miles. 

From Labiscone to Lemincum (Chambery) 14 
Mantala (Freterive ?) .... 16 

Ad Publicanos (I'Hopital) ... 16 

Carried forward 46 



232 APPENDIX. 

Brought forward 46 
Oblimum (La Batie) : . . . 3 

Daranta^a (Salins) . . . . « 13 
Bergintrum (Bourg St. Maurice) . 18 

Arebrigium (Pre St. Didier) . . . 24r 
Augusta Praetoria (Aoste) . . .25 

Vitricium (Verr^s) 25 

Add from Verr^s to St. Martin . . .10 



164 



This gives 14 miles too much ; but, on the other hand, a 
considerable deduction is to be made from the three last 
stations in the Itinerary. The distance from St. Mau- 
rice to Pre St. Didier is not above 22 miles, and 
three miles are to be deducted from the stage from 
Pr6 St. Didier to Aosta, which is not above twenty-one. 



One mile is also to be taken from the stage between 
Aosta and V.erres. These deductions, together with the 
excess on the Savoy side of the Little St Bernard, to 
which we have alluded in the body of the work, will 
reduce the amount to about the distance required, of 150 
miles. We left Pre St. Didier on the 26th of August, at 
least an hour after day-break, and went at a very slow 
foot's pace to Aoste, stopping to bait on the way. We 
stayed some time at Aoste, and reached Yerres just as it 
became dark, stopping to bait on the road. This we 
could certainly not have done had it been 50 miles. 

Hannibal crossed the Pyrenees with 60,000 infantry 
and 9,000 cavalry,* and his forces were reduced to 38,000 
infantry and 8,000 cavalry, after the passage of the Rhone. 
Finally he arrived in Italy with 20,000 infantry and 6,000 
cavalry, having lost 33,000 men in the whole march ; and 

* Polyb. 1. ill. c. 35—60. 



APPENDIX. 233 

it is ranarkable that this number differs va*y little from 
that reported by Livy on the authority of Gincius AUmen- 
tus, Lib. xxi. c. 38. The passage has given rise to some 
discussion, and appears, in some respects, to have misled 
Livy, who must have misunderstood his author. By com- 
paring Cincius Alimentus with Polybius, his statement is 
rendered sufficiently clear; for the 80,000 infantry and 
10,000 cavalry, first mentioned by him, evidently relate to 
the numbers with which Hannibal crossed the Ebro, and 
the 36,000 men which were lost " in Taurinis,"" tally 
too exactly with the losses described by Polybius to admit 
of any doubt of their referring to the same time ; viz.^ 
from the passage of the Pyrenees to the arrival in the plains 
of Italy. 

The inarch was completed in five months from Cartha- 
gena, which he left early in June, and arrived at the plains 
of the Po in the first days of November, in the year B. C. 
218, and U. C. 634. 

Polybius states the amount of the army on the authority 
of an inscription made by Hannibal himself, and found at 
Lacinium.* 

It seems extraordinary, after the anxiety shewn by 
Hannibal, in the 34th and 44th chapters of Polybius, to 
correspond with the Oauls, who were at war with the Ro- 
mans, together with the assurances given by those states, 
and the guides sent by them to conduct the army over the 
Alps into their own territory, and, after the statement in 
the 60th chapter, of the dreadful state to whidi the army 
was reduced, and of the time which it took to recruit them 
before they were able to undertake ulterior operations 
against the Taurini ; it seems, we say, somewhat strange that 
the improbability of so dangerous a movement as a descent 
among a nation whose enmity to the Carthaginians from 

♦ L.ii.c.33. 

R 



234 APPENDIX, 

their own hostility to the Insubrians was all but certain^ 
should not have struck more fc»:cibly the supporters of the 
passage by the Mont Oenevre or the Mont Cenis. An 
iinbiassed and attentive perusal of these bhapters seems 
almost to set the question at rest, independent of all other 
considerations. 

One of the most extraordinary passages of the Alp&, in 
modem times, was that by Francis I. in his invasion c^ 
Italy in 1515. As the Swiss troops had occupied the 
great roads, he was obliged to make the most extraordinary 
efforts to carry his army over mountains which had never 
before been passed, except by the people of the country. 
The main body erf the army appears to have gone from 
Mont Dauphin by the Rock of St. Paul into the valley of 
Barcelonette, and then by the Col de KArgentiere into 
the valley of La Sture, and so to the Marquisate of Sa- 
luzzo. The reader may consult Mons. Sismondi^s Histoire 
des R^publiques Italiennes on this subject, as well as 
Paulus Jovius and Guicciardini. Leger, in his Histoire 
des Eglises Vaudoises, affirms that Francis caused a 
passage to be cut through Mont Viso for this ptirpose ; 
and it is certain that in one of the best maps of that 
country, (that of Buonaparte's Campaigns, by Bader 
D'Albe,) we find on the summit of Mont Viso the words 
^^ Traversette, Trou fait de main dliomme.^' Mention is 
made of the piercing a rock called Pied de Pore both by 
Varillas and by Paulus Jovius, the former of whom attri- 
butes the merit of this enterprise to Navarre^ and the 
latter to Trivulzio ; but this rock a{^)ears to have been 
situated in the valley of La Sture, and none of the his« 
torians of the time say any thing of a passage cut through 
Mont Viso. The whole march is extremely curious, and 
well worth examination. 

Since the publication of our first edition, we have exa- 



APPENDIX, 235 

mined the Col de L^Argentiere and the Col de Vise. The 
gallery cut in the latter pass was formed by a Marquess 
of Saluzzo for the purpose of facilitating his intercourse 
with Dauphiny. It is, however, too high up the mountain 
to have ever been of material service, and it is now impas- 
sable. The Col de Viso is a most difficult passage ; but 
the view from it over the plains of Piedmont is so magni- 
ficent as to repay amply the fatigue necessary to accomplish 
it. The difficulties are such as to make it certain that 
Francis I. could not have carried any part of his army 
over it. It is so little frequented at present that we found 
it not easy to procure, even on the Italian side, guides 
who were acquainted with the road ; and on the French 
side it was quite unknown, as, from Abries, travellers go 
into Italy by the Col de la Croix and Fort Mirabouc. In 
ascending the Viso we visited the source of the Po, and 
from Saluzzo to Paesana we passed through the most 
beautiful country that can be imagined. Nothing can ex- 
ceed the richness of the vallies of the Po and of the 
Stura. 

The principal authors who have written on this subject 
are, amongt he ancients, Polybius, Lucius Cincius Alimen- 
tus, Lucius CcBlius Antipater, Titus Livius, Cornelius 
Nepos. 

Among the modems, Honore Bouche, P. Labbe, Menes- 
trier, Mandajors, Folard, St. Simon, Ghrossley, Abauzit, 
De Loges, Denina, Whitaker, De Vaudoncourt, Tytler, 
De Luc, Latronne, Fortia d^Urban, Roche, La Renau- 
diere, Larauza, Napoleon. 

FINIS. 



LONDON: 

8HACKELL AKD BAYLIS, JOHKSON^S-COURT, FLEET-STREET. 



f 



\ 



