title: Letter to Sarah (Sally) Welles, New York, 30 Dec 1773
author: Henry Livingston Jr.
date: 1773
kind: letter
source: autograph letter, Thomas Collection; site transcription. URL: https://www.henrylivingston.com/writing/letters/tosally73.htm (fetched via https://web.archive.org/web/20250522013547/https://www.henrylivingston.com/writing/letters/tosally73.htm)
attribution: certain
words: 378
notes: Opens "A happy Christmas to my dear Sally Welles" - the phrase "Happy Christmas" fifty years before the 1823 poem (site's point). Also printed in part by W. S. Thomas, DCHS Year Book 1919.

New York, Decembr 30th, '73

 A happy Christmas to my dear Sally Welles.

Next Tuesday evening I hope to see the Girl for whom alone I would well bear to live. Yes, my dear creature, next Tuesday evening, if my God spares my life, I hope to tell you I am as sincerely your friend, as constantly your admirer & as religiously your lover as when I sat by your side & vow'd everlasting affection to you.

I well know you will call this the lover's Cant. Call it so, my love--call it anything--I know & swear its truth and wrap myself up in my own Integrity.

I this moment parted from our good friend Miss Nabley Bostwick; she told me that she Imagined I was return'd to Poghkeepsie as she had not seen me in 2 or 3 days; I told her I was not return'd to Poghkeepsie.

It's whispered about among our friends here that we are like to lose my Cousin Abbe Lloyd this winter as her acquaintance here have a design upon her and intend to get her here if they can. I hope their macjinations may prove in vain, for I esteem my Cousin much.

Miss Bostwick will give you an account of the destruction of our Governor's house in the Fort last night; of the terror of the Inhabitants & the great loss our worthy commander in chief has received.

I see Miss Suky & Sally Billy Livingstons every day. They constantly tell me that you are sensible & are very much your friend; their father is in Town & will write to your good parent. I hope heaven will bless your good parent.

My sisters are dying to see and be acquainted with you; and I dare say ardently hope their brother may be successful in his addresses to the heighth of all.

I wish I had been prudent enough to have procured a good private stable for the horse I shall ride up & keep in Stanford this winter--however, I must look about when I come there. Tomorrow I expect to send up my necessarys with Capt. Sellick.

Remember me, my dear Love, to my friends and relations at Stanford; and remember, my Love, that of all your friends, none loves you so sincerely as your Harry Livingston

Miss
Sally Welles.
