title: The Peacock "At Home" (part 2 of 2)
author: Catherine Ann Dorset
date: 1807
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/23665 (The Peacock "At Home", 23rd ed., London: Grant and Griffith, 1854; first pub. 1807)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 75
attribution: certain
notes: children's verse; light verse; anapestic; a sequel to Roscoe's Butterfly's Ball

The Peacock, Imperial, the pride of his race,
Received all his guests with an infinite grace,
Waved high his blue neck, and his train he display'd,
Embroider'd with gold, and with emeralds inlaid;
Then with all the gay troop to the shrubbery repair'd,
Where the musical birds had a concert prepared.

A holly-bush form'd the Orchestra, and in it
Sat the Black-bird, the Thrush, the Lark, and the Linnet;
A Bullfinch, a captive almost from the nest!
Now escaped from his cage, and with liberty blest,
In a sweet mellow tone, join'd the lessons of art
With the accents of nature, which flow'd from his heart.
The Canary, a much-admired foreign musician,
Condescended to sing to the Fowls of condition;
While the Nightingale warbled and quaver'd so fine,
That they all clapp'd their wings and declared it divine!
The Sky-Lark, in ecstasy, sang from a cloud,
And Chanticleer crow'd, and the Yaffil laugh'd loud.

The dancing began when the singing was over:
A Dotterel first open'd the ball with the Plover;
Baron Stork in a waltz was allow'd to excel,
With his beautiful partner, the fair Demoiselle;
And a newly-fledged Gosling, so fair and genteel,
A minuet swam with the spruce Mr. Teal.
A London-bred Sparrow--a pert forward Cit!
Danced a reel with Miss Wagtail and little Tom Tit.
And the Sieur Guillemot next perform'd a pas seul,
While the elderly bipeds were playing a pool.

The Dowager Lady Toucan first cut in,
With old Doctor Buzzard and Admiral Penguin;
From Ivy-bush tower came down Owlet the Wise,
And Counsellor Cross-bill sat by to advise.
Some birds past their prime, o'er whose heads it was fated
Should pass many St. Valentines--yet be unmated,
Sat by, and remark'd that the prudent and sage
Were quite overlook'd in this frivolous age,
When birds, scarce pen-feather'd, were brought to a rout,
Forward Chits! from the egg-shell but newly come out.
In their youthful days, they ne'er witness'd such frisking;
And how wrong in the Greenfinch to flirt with the Siskin!
So thought Lady Mackaw, and her friend Cockatoo;
And the Raven foretold that no good could ensue!
They censured the Bantam, for strutting and crowing
In those vile pantaloons, which he fancied look'd knowing:
And a want of decorum caused many demurs
Against the Game Chicken, for coming in spurs.

Old Alderman Cormorant, for supper impatient,
At the Eating-room door for an hour had been station'd,
Till a Magpie, at length, the banquet announcing,
Gave the signal, long-wish'd for, of clamoring and pouncing:
At the well-furnish'd board all were eager to perch,
But the little Miss Creepers were left in the lurch.

Description must fail, and the pen is unable
To recount all the luxuries that cover'd the table.
Each delicate viand that taste could denote,
Wasps a la sauce piquante, and Flies en compote;
Worms and Frogs en friture, for the web-footed Fowl,
And a barbecued Mouse was prepared for the Owl;
Nuts, grains, fruit, and fish, to regale every palate,
And groundsel and chickweed served up in a salad.
The Razor-bill carved for the famishing group,
And the Spoon-bill obligingly ladled the soup;
So they fill'd all their crops with the dainties before 'em
And the tables were clear'd with the utmost decorum.

When they gaily had caroll'd till peep of the dawn,
The Lark gently hinted 'twas time to be gone;
And his clarion, so shrill, gave the company warning,
That Chanticleer scented the gales of the morning,
So they chirp'd in full chorus, a friendly adieu;
And, with hearts beating light as the plumage that grew
On their merry-thought bosoms, away they all flew.

Then long live the Peacock, in splendour unmatch'd,
Whose Ball shall be talk'd of by Birds yet unhatch'd!
His praise let the Trumpeter loudly proclaim,
And the Goose lend her quill to transmit it to Fame.
