title: The Pilgrim of Glencoe (part 2 of 4)
author: Thomas Campbell
date: 1842
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/59788 (The Poetical Works of Thomas Campbell, reprinted from the early editions, London: Griffith Farran, n.d. [c. 1890])
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 150
attribution: certain
notes: 

Far happier times had moulded Ronald’s mind,
By nature too of more sagacious kind.
His breadth of brow, and Roman shape of chin,
Squared well with the firm man that reigned within.
Contemning strife as childishness, he stood
With neighbours on kind terms of neighbourhood,
And whilst his father’s anger nought availed,
His rational remonstrance never failed.
Full skilfully he managed farm and fold,
Wrote, ciphered, profitably bought and sold:
And, blessed with pastoral leisure, deeply took
Delight to be informed, by speech or book,
Of that wide world beyond his mountain home,
Where oft his curious fancy loved to roam.
Oft while his faithful dog ran round his flock,
He read long hours when summer warmed the rock:
Guests who could tell him aught were welcomed warm,
Even pedlars’ news had to his mind a charm;
That like an intellectual magnet-stone
Drew truth from judgments simpler than his own.

His soul’s proud instinct sought not to enjoy
Romantic fictions, like a minstrel boy;
Truth, standing on her solid square, from youth
He worshipped—stern uncompromising truth.
His goddess kindlier smiled on him, to find
A votary of her light in land so blind;
She bade majestic History unroll
Broad views of public welfare to his soul,
Until he looked on clannish feuds and foes
With scorn, as on the wars of kites and crows;
Whilst doubts assailed him, o’er and o’er again,
If men were made for kings or kings for men.
At last, to Norman’s horror and dismay,
He flat denied the Stuarts’ right to sway.

No blow-pipe ever whitened furnace fire,
Quick as these words lit up his father’s ire;
Who envied even old Abraham for his faith,
Ordained to put his only son to death.
He started up—in such a mood of soul
The white bear bites his showman’s stirring pole;
He danced too, and brought out, with snarl and howl,
“O Dia! Dia! and Dioul! Dioul!”

But sense foils fury—as the blowing whale
Spouts, bleeds, and dyes the waves without avail—
Wears out the cable’s length that makes him fast,
But, worn himself, comes up harpooned at last—
E’en so, devoid of sense, succumbs at length
Mere strength of zeal to intellectual strength.
His son’s close logic so perplexed his pate,
Th’ old hero rather shunned than sought debate;
Exhausting his vocabulary’s store
Of oaths and nicknames, he could say no more,
But tapp’d his mull, rolled mutely in his chair,
Or only whistled Killiecrankie’s air.

Witch legends Ronald scorned—ghost, kelpie, wraith,
And all the trumpery of vulgar faith;
Grave matrons ev’n were shocked to hear him slight
Authenticated facts of second-sight—
Yet never flinched his mockery to confound
The brutal superstition reigning round.

Reserved himself, still Ronald loved to scan
Men’s natures—and he liked th’ old hearty man;
So did the partner of his heart and life—
Who pleased her Ronald, ne’er displeased his wife.
His sense, ’tis true, compared with Norman’s son,
Was commonplace—his tales too long outspun:
Yet Allan Campbell’s sympathizing mind
Had held large intercourse with human kind;
Seen much, and gaily, graphically drew
The men of every country, clime, and hue;
Nor ever stooped, though soldier-like his strain,
To ribaldry of mirth or oath profane.

All went harmonious till the guest began
To talk about his kindred, chief and clan,
And, with his own biography engrossed,
Marked not the changed demeanour of each host;
Nor how old choleric Norman’s cheek became
Flushed at the Campbell and Breadalbane name.
Assigning, heedless of impending harm,
Their stedfast silence to his story’s charm,
He touched a subject perilous to touch—
Saying, “’Midst this well-known vale I wondered much
To lose my way. In boyhood, long ago,
I roamed and loved each pathway of Glencoe;
Trapped leverets, plucked wild berries on its braes,
And fished along its banks long summer days.
But times grew stormy—bitter feuds arose,
Our clan was merciless to prostrate foes.
I never palliated my chieftain’s blame,
But mourned the sin, and reddened for the shame
Of that foul morn (Heaven blot it from the year!)
Whose shapes and shrieks still haunt my dreaming ear.
What could I do? a serf—Glenlyon’s page,
A soldier sworn at nineteen years of age;
T’ have breathed one grieved remonstrance to our chief,
The pit or gallows would have cured my grief.
Forced, passive as the musket in my hand,
I marched—when, feigning royalty’s command,
Against the clan Macdonald, Stairs’s lord
Sent forth exterminating fire and sword;
And troops at midnight through the vale defiled,
Enjoined to slaughter woman, man, and child.
My clansmen many a year had cause to dread
The curse that day entailed upon their head;
Glenlyon’s self confessed the avenging spell—
I saw it light on him.
“It so befell:—
A soldier from our ranks to death was brought,
By sentence deemed too dreadful for his fault;
All was prepared—the coffin and the cart
Stood near twelve muskets, levelled at his heart.
The chief, whose breast for ruth had still some room,
Obtained reprieve a day before his doom;—
But of the awarded boon surmised no breath.
The sufferer knelt, blindfolded, waiting death,—
And met it. Though Glenlyon had desired
The musketeers to watch before they fired;
If from his pocket they should see he drew
A handkerchief—their volley should ensue;
But if he held a paper in its place,
It should be hailed the sign of pardoning grace:—
He, in a fatal moment’s absent fit,
Drew forth the handkerchief, and not the writ;
Wept o’er the corpse, and wrung his hands in woe,
Crying ‘Here’s thy curse again—Glencoe! Glencoe!’”
Though thus his guest spoke feelings just and clear,
The cabin’s patriarch lent impatient ear;
Wroth that, beneath his roof, a living man
Should boast the swine-blood of the Campbell clan,
He hastened to the door—called out his son
To follow; walked a space, and thus begun:—
“You have not, Ronald, at this day to learn
The oath I took beside my father’s cairn,
When you were but a babe a twelvemonth born;
Sworn on my dirk—by all that’s sacred, sworn
To be revenged for blood that cries to Heaven—
Blood unforgiveable, and unforgiven:
But never power, since then, have I possessed
To plant my dagger in a Campbell’s breast.
Now, here’s a self-accusing partisan,
Steeped in the slaughter of Macdonald’s clan;
I scorn his civil speech and sweet-lipped show
Of pity—he is still our house’s foe:
I’ll perjure not myself—but sacrifice
The caitiff ere to-morrow’s sun arise.
Stand! hear me—you’re my son, the deed is just;
And if I say—it must be done—it must:
A debt of honour which my clansmen crave,
Their very dead demand it from the grave.”
Conjuring then their ghosts, he humbly prayed
