title: The Pilgrim of Glencoe (part 3 of 4)
author: Thomas Campbell
date: 1842
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/59788 (The Poetical Works of Thomas Campbell, reprinted from the early editions, London: Griffith Farran, n.d. [c. 1890])
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 149
attribution: certain
notes: 

Their patience till the blood-debt should be paid.

But Ronald stopped him.—“Sir, Sir, do not dim
Your honour by a moment’s angry whim;
Your soul’s too just and generous, were you cool,
To act at once the assassin and the fool.
Bring me the men on whom revenge is due,
And I will dirk them willingly as you!
But all the real authors of that black
Old deed are gone—you cannot bring them back.
And this poor guest, ’tis palpable to judge,
In all his life ne’er bore our clan a grudge;
Dragged when a boy against his will to share
That massacre, he loathed the foul affair.
Think, if your hardened heart be conscience-proof,
To stab a stranger underneath your roof!
One who has broken bread within your gate—
Reflect—before reflection comes too late,—
Such ugly consequences there may be
As judge and jury, rope and gallows-tree.
The days of dirking snugly are gone by,
Where could you hide the body privily,
When search is made for’t?”
“Plunge it in yon flood,
That Campbells crimsoned with our kindred blood.”
“Ay, but the corpse may float—”
“Pshaw! dead men tell
No tales—nor will it float if leaded well.
I am determined!”—What could Ronald do?
No house within ear-reach of his halloo,
Though that would but have published household shame
He temporized with wrath he could not tame,
And said, “Come in, till night put off the deed,
And ask a few more questions ere he bleed.”

They entered; Norman with portentous air
Strode to a nook behind the stranger’s chair,
And, speaking nought, sat grimly in the shade,
With dagger in his clutch beneath his plaid.
His son’s own plaid, should Norman pounce his prey,
Was coiled thick round his arm, to turn away
Or blunt the dirk. He purposed leaving free
The door, and giving Allan time to flee,
Whilst he should wrestle with (no safe emprise)
His father’s maniac strength and giant size.
Meanwhile he could nowise communicate
The impending peril to his anxious mate;
But she, convinced no trifling matter now
Disturbed the wonted calm of Ronald’s brow,
Divined too well the cause of gloom that lowered,
And sat with speechless terror overpowered.
Her face was pale, so lately blithe and bland,
The stocking knitting-wire shook in her hand.
But Ronald and the guest resumed their thread
Of converse, still its theme that day of dread.
“Much,” said the veteran, “much as I bemoan
That deed, when half a hundred years have flown,
Still on one circumstance I can reflect
That mitigates the dreadful retrospect.
A mother with her child before us flew,
I had the hideous mandate to pursue;
But swift of foot, outspeeding bloodier men,
I chased, o’ertook her in the winding glen,
And showed her palpitating, where to save
Herself and infant in a secret cave;
Nor left them till I saw that they could mock
Pursuit and search within that sheltering rock.”

“Heavens!” Ronald cried, in accents gladly wild,
“That woman was my mother—I the child!
Of you unknown by name she late and air,
Spoke, wept, and ever blessed you in her prayer,
Ev’n to her death; describing you withal
A well-looked florid youth, blue-eyed and tall.”
They rose, exchanged embrace: the old lion then
Upstarted, metamorphosed, from his den;
Saying, “Come and make thy home with us for life,
Heaven-sent preserver of my child and wife.
I fear thou’rt poor, that Hanoverian thing
Rewards his soldiers ill.”—“God save the king!”
With hand upon his heart, old Allan said,
“I wear his uniform, I eat his bread,
And whilst I’ve tooth to bite a cartridge, all
For him and Britain’s fame I’ll stand or fall.”

“Bravo!” cried Ronald. “I commend your zeal,”
Quoth Norman, “and I see your heart is leal;
But I have prayed my soul may never thrive
If thou shouldst leave this house of ours alive.
Nor shalt thou; in this home protract thy breath
Of easy life, nor leave it till thy death.”

The following morn arose serene as glass,
And red Bennevis shone like molten brass;
While sunrise opened flowers with gentle force,
The guest and Ronald walked in long discourse.
“Words fail me,” Allan said, “to thank aright
Your father’s kindness shown me yesternight;
Yet scarce I’d wish my latest days to spend
A fireside fixture with the dearest friend:
Besides, I’ve but a fortnight’s furlough now,
To reach Macallin More, beyond Lochawe.
I’d fain memorialize the powers that be,
To deign remembrance of my wounds and me;
My life-long service never bore the brand
Of sentence—lash—disgrace or reprimand.
And so I’ve written, though in meagre style,
A long petition to his Grace Argyle;
I mean, on reaching Innerara’s shore,
To leave it safe within his castle door.”
“Nay,” Ronald said, “the letter that you bear
Entrust it to no lying varlet’s care;
But say a soldier of King George demands
Access, to leave it in the Duke’s own hands.
But show me, first, the epistle to your chief,
’Tis nought, unless succinctly clear and brief;
Great men have no great patience when they read,
And long petitions spoil the cause they plead.”

That day saw Ronald from the field full soon
Return; and when they all had dined at noon,
He conned th’ old man’s memorial—lopped its length,
And gave it style, simplicity, and strength;
’Twas finished in an hour—and in the next
Transcribed by Allan in perspicuous text.

At evening, he and Ronald shared once more
A long and pleasant walk by Cona’s shore.
“I’d press you,” quoth his host—(“I need not say
How warmly) ever more with us to stay;
But Charles intends, ’tis said, in these same parts
To try the fealty of our Highland hearts.
’Tis my belief, that he and all his line
Have—saving to be hanged—no right divine;
From whose mad enterprise can only flow
To thousands slaughter, and to myriads woe.
Yet have they stirred my father’s spirit sore,
He flints his pistols—whets his old claymore—
And longs as ardently to join the fray
As boy to dance who hears the bagpipe play.
Though calm one day, the next, disdaining rule,
He’d gore your red coat like an angry bull:
I told him, and he owned it might be so,
Your tempers never could in concert flow.
But ‘Mark,’ he added, ‘Ronald! from our door
Let not this guest depart forlorn and poor;
Let not your souls the niggardness evince
Of lowland pedlar, or of German prince;
He gave you life—then feed him as you’d feed
Your very father were he cast in need.’
He gave—you’ll find it by your bed to-night,
A leathern purse of crowns, all sterling bright:
You see I do you kindness not by stealth.
My wife—no advocate of squandering wealth—
Vows that it would be parricide, or worse,
Should we neglect you—here’s a silken purse,
