title: The Pilgrim of Glencoe (part 4 of 4)
author: Thomas Campbell
date: 1842
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/59788 (The Poetical Works of Thomas Campbell, reprinted from the early editions, London: Griffith Farran, n.d. [c. 1890])
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 74
attribution: certain
notes: 

Some golden pieces through the network shine,
’Tis proffered to you from her heart and mine.
But come I no foolish delicacy, no!
We own, but cannot cancel what we owe—
This sum shall duly reach you once a year.”
Poor Allan’s furrowed face, and flowing tear,
Confessed sensations which he could not speak,
Old Norman bade him farewell kindly meek.

At morn, the smiling dame rejoiced to pack
With viands full th’ old soldier’s havresack.
He feared not hungry grass with such a load,
And Ronald saw him miles upon his road.

A march of three days brought him to Lochfyne.
Argyle, struck with his manly look benign,
And feeling interest in the veteran’s lot,
Created him a sergeant on the spot—
An invalid, to serve not—but with pay
(A mighty sum to him), twelve-pence a day.
“But have you heard not,” said Macallin More,
“Charles Stuart’s landed on Eriska’s shore,
And Jacobites are arming?”—“What! indeed!
Arrived! then I’m no more an invalid;
My new-got halbert I must straight employ
In battle.”—“As you please, old gallant boy:
Your grey hairs well might plead excuse, ’tis true,
But now’s the time we want such men as you.”
In brief, at Innerara Allan stayed,
And joined the banners of Argyle’s brigade.

Meanwhile, th’ old choleric shepherd of Glencoe
Spurned all advice, and girt himself to go.
What was’t to him that foes would poind their fold,
Their lease, their very beds beneath them sold!
And firmly to his text he would have kept,
Though Ronald argued and his daughter wept.
But ’midst the impotence of tears and prayer,
Chance snatched them from proscription and despair
Old Norman’s blood was headward wont to mount
Too rapid from his heart’s impetuous fount;
And one day, whilst the German rats he cursed,
An artery in his wise sensorium burst.
The lancet saved him: but how changed, alas,
From him who fought at Killiecrankie’s pass!
Tame as a spaniel, timid as a child,
He muttered incoherent words and smiled;
He wept at kindness, rolled a vacant eye,
And laughed full often when he meant to cry.
Poor man! whilst in this lamentable state,
Came Allan back one morning to his gate,
Hale and unburdened by the woes of eild,
And fresh with credit from Culloden’s field.
’Twas feared at first, the sight of him might touch
The old Macdonald’s morbid mind too much;
But no! though Norman knew him and disclosed,
Ev’n rallying memory, he was still composed;
Asked all particulars of the fatal fight,
And only heaved a sigh for Charles’s flight;
Then said, with but one moment’s pride of air,
“It might not have been so had I been there!”
Few days elapsed till he reposed beneath
His grey cairn, on the wild and lonely heath;
Son, friends, and kindred of his dust took leave,
And Allan, with the crape bound round his sleeve.

Old Allan now hung up his sergeant’s sword,
And sat, a guest for life, at Ronald’s board.
He waked no longer at the barrack’s drum,
Yet still you’d see, when peep of day was come,
Th’ erect tall red-coat, walking pastures round,
Or delving with his spade the garden ground,
Of cheerful temper, habits strict and sage,
He reached, enjoyed a patriarchal age—
Loved to the last by the Macdonalds. Near
Their house, his stone was placed with many a tear;
And Ronald’s self, in stoic virtue brave,
Scorned not to weep at Allan Campbell’s grave.
