title: Gertrude of Wyoming. Part Ii (part 2 of 2)
author: Thomas Campbell
date: 1809
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/59788 (The Poetical Works of Thomas Campbell, reprinted from the early editions, London: Griffith Farran, n.d. [c. 1890])
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 108
attribution: certain
notes: 

For Albert’s home he sought—her finger fair
Has pointed where the father’s mansion stood.
Returning from the copse he soon was there
And soon has Gertrude hied from dark green wood
Nor joyless, by the converse, understood
Between the man of age and pilgrim young
That gay congeniality of mood,
And early liking from acquaintance sprung;
Full fluently conversed their guest in England’s tongue.

And well could he his pilgrimage of taste
Unfold,—and much they loved his fervid strain,
While he each fair variety retraced
Of climes, and manners, o’er the eastern main.
Now happy Switzer’s hills,—romantic Spain,—
Gay lilied fields of France,—or, more refined,
The soft Ausonia’s monumental reign;
Nor less each rural image he designed
Than all the city’s pomp and home of human kind.

Anon some wilder portraiture he draws;
Of Nature’s savage glories he would speak,—
The loneliness of earth that overawes,—
Where resting by some tomb of old Cacique,
The llama-driver on Peruvia’s peak,
Nor living voice nor motion marks around;
But storks that to the boundless forest shriek,
Or wild-cane arch high flung o’er gulf profound,
That fluctuates when the storms of El Dorado sound.

Pleased with his guest, the good man still would ply
Each earnest question, and his converse court;
But Gertrude, as she eyed him, knew not why
A strange and troubling wonder stopt her short.
“In England thou hast been,—and, by report,
An orphan’s name,” quoth Albert, “may’st have known.
Sad tale!—when latest fell our frontier fort,—
One innocent—one soldier’s child—alone
Was spared, and brought to me, who loved him as my own.

“Young Henry Waldegrave! three delightful years
These very walls his infant sports did see;
But most I loved him when his parting tears
Alternately bedewed my child and me:
His sorest parting, Gertrude, was from thee;
Nor half its grief his little heart could hold:
By kindred he was sent for o’er the sea,
They tore him from us when but twelve years old,
And scarcely for his loss have I been yet consoled!”

His face the wanderer hid—but could not hide
A tear, a smile, upon his cheek that dwell;—
“And speak! mysterious stranger!” Gertrude cried,
“It is!—it is!—I knew—I knew him well!
’Tis Waldegrave’s self, of Waldegrave come to tell!”
A burst of joy the father’s lips declare;
But Gertrude speechless on his bosom fell:
At once his open arms embraced the pair,
Was never group more blest, in this wide world of care.

“And will ye pardon then,” replied the youth,
“Your Waldegrave’s feignèd name, and false attire?
I durst not in the neighbourhood, in truth,
The very fortunes of your house inquire;
Lest one that knew me might some tidings dire
Impart, and I my weakness all betray;
For had I lost my Gertrude and my sire,
I meant but o’er your tombs to weep a day,
Unknown I meant to weep, unknown to pass away.

“But here ye live,—ye bloom,—in each dear face,
The changing hand of time I may not blame;
For there, it hath but shed more reverend grace,
And here of beauty perfected the frame:
And well I know your hearts are still the same—
They could not change—ye look the very way,
As when an orphan first to you I came.
And have ye heard of my poor guide, I pray?
Nay, wherefore weep ye, friends, on such a joyous day?”

“And art thou here? or is it but a dream?
And wilt thou, Waldegrave, wilt thou, leave us more?”—
“No, never! thou that yet dost lovelier seem
Than aught on earth—than e’en thyself of yore—
I will not part thee from thy father’s shore;
But we shall cherish him with mutual arms,
And hand in hand again the path explore,
Which every ray of young remembrance warms,
While thou shalt be my own, with all thy truth and charms!”

At morn, as if beneath a galaxy
Of over-arching groves in blossoms white,
Where all was odorous scent and harmony,
And gladness to the heart, nerve, ear, and sight:
There, if, oh, gentle Love! I read aright
The utterance that sealed thy sacred bond,
’Twas listening to these accents of delight,
She hid upon his breast those eyes, beyond
Expression’s power to paint, all languishingly fond—

“Flower of my life, so lovely, and so lone!
Whom I would rather in this desert meet,
Scorning, and scorned by fortune’s power, than own
Her pomp and splendours lavished at my feet!
Turn not from me thy breath, more exquisite
Than odours cast on heaven’s own shrine—to please—
Give me thy love, than luxury more sweet,
And more than all the wealth that loads the breeze,
When Coromandel’s ships return from Indian seas.”

Then would that home admit them—happier far
Than grandeur’s most magnificent saloon,
While, here and there, a solitary star
Flushed in the darkening firmament of June,
And silence brought the soul-felt hour, full soon
Ineffable, which I may not portray;
For never did the hymenean moon
A paradise of hearts more sacred sway,
In all that slept beneath her soft voluptuous ray.
