title: Theodric; a Domestic Tale (part 1 of 4)
author: Thomas Campbell
date: 1824
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/59788 (The Poetical Works of Thomas Campbell, reprinted from the early editions, London: Griffith Farran, n.d. [c. 1890])
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 147
attribution: certain
notes: 

’Twas sunset, and the “Ranz des Vaches” was sung,
And lights were o’er the Helvetian mountains flung,
That gave the glacier tops their richest glow,
And tinged the lakes like molten gold below.
Warmth flushed the wonted regions of the storm,
Where, Phœnix-like, you saw the eagle’s form,
That high in Heaven’s vermilion wheeled and soared.
Woods nearer frowned, and cataracts dashed and roared,
From heights browsed by the bounding bouquetin;
Herds tinkling roamed the long-drawn vales between,
And hamlets glittered white, and gardens flourished green.
’Twas transport to inhale the bright sweet air!
The mountain-bee was revelling in its glare,
And roving with his minstrelsy across
The scented wild weeds, and enamelled moss.
Earth’s features so harmoniously were linked,
She seemed one great glad form, with life instinct,
That felt Heaven’s ardent breath, and smiled below
Its flush of love, with consentaneous glow.

A Gothic church was near; the spot around
Was beautiful, even though sepulchral ground;
For there nor yew nor cypress spread their gloom,
But roses blossomed by each rustic tomb.
Amidst them one of spotless marble shone—
A maiden’s grave—and ’twas inscribed thereon,
That young and loved she died whose dust was there:

“Yes,” said my comrade, “young she died, and fair!
Grace formed her, and the soul of gladness played
Once in the blue eyes of that mountain-maid:
Her fingers witched the chords they passed along,
And her lips seemed to kiss the soul in song:
Yet wooed, and worshipped as she was, till few
Aspired to hope, ’twas sadly, strangely true,
That heart, the martyr of its fondness, burned
And died of love that could not be returned.

“Her father dwelt where yonder castle shines
O’er clustering trees and terrace-mantling vines.
As gay as ever, the laburnum’s pride
Waves o’er each walk where she was wont to glide,—
And still the garden whence she graced her brow,
As lovely blooms, though trod by strangers now.
How oft from yonder window o’er the lake,
Her song of wild Helvetian swell and shake
Has made the rudest fisher bend his ear,
And rest enchanted on his oar to hear!
Thus bright, accomplished, spirited, and bland,
Well-born, and wealthy for that simple land,
Why had no gallant native youth the art
To win so warm—so exquisite a heart?
She, midst these rocks inspired with feelings strong
By mountain-freedom—music—fancy—song,
Herself descended from the brave in arms,
And conscious of romance-inspiring charms,
Dreamt of Heroic beings; hoped to find
Some extant spirit of chivalric kind;
And scorning wealth, looked cold e’en on the claim
Of manly worth, that lacked the wreath of fame.

“Her younger brother, sixteen summers old,
And much her likeness both in mind and mould,
Had gone, poor boy! in soldiership to shine,
And bore an Austrian banner on the Rhine.
’Twas when, alas! our Empire’s evil star
Shed all the plagues, without the pride, of war;
When patriots bled, and bitterer anguish crossed
Our brave, to die in battles foully lost.
The youth wrote home the rout of many a day;
Yet still he said, and still with truth could say,
One corps had ever made a valiant stand,—
The corps in which he served—Theodric’s band.
His fame, forgotten chief, is now gone by,
Eclipsed by brighter orbs in glory’s sky;
Yet once it shone, and veterans, when they show
Our fields of battle twenty years ago,
Will tell you feats his small brigade performed,
In charges nobly faced and trenches stormed.
Time was, when songs were chanted to his fame,
And soldiers loved the march that bore his name:
The zeal of martial hearts was at his call,
And that Helvetian, Udolph’s, most of all.
’Twas touching, when the storm of war blew wild,
To see a blooming boy,—almost a child,—
Spur fearless at his leader’s words and signs,
Brave death in reconnoitring hostile lines,
And speed each task, and tell each message clear,
In scenes where war-trained men were stunned with fear.

“Theodric praised him, and they wept for joy
In yonder house,—when letters from the boy
Thanked Heaven for life, and more, to use his phrase,
Than twenty lives—his own Commander’s praise.
Then followed glowing pages, blazoning forth
The fancied image of his Leader’s worth,
With such hyperbolés of youthful style
As made his parents dry their tears and smile:
But differently far his words impressed
A wondering sister’s well-believing breast;—
She caught the illusion, blest Theodric’s name,
And wildly magnified his worth and fame;
Rejoicing life’s reality contained
One, heretofore, her fancy had but feigned,
Whose love could make her proud;—and time and chance
To passion raised that day-dream of Romance.

“Once, when with hasty charge of horse and man
Our arrière-guard had checked the Gallic van,
Theodric, visiting the outposts, found
His Udolph wounded, weltering on the ground:—
Sore crushed,—half-swooning, half-upraised, he lay,
And bent his brow, fair boy! and grasped the clay.
His fate moved e’en the common soldier’s ruth—
Theodric succoured him; nor left the youth
To vulgar hands, but brought him to his tent,
And lent what aid a brother would have lent.

“Meanwhile, to save his kindred half the smart
The war-gazette’s dread blood-roll might impart,
He wrote the event to them; and soon could tell
Of pains assuaged and symptoms auguring well,
And last of all, prognosticating cure,
Enclosed the leech’s vouching signature.

“Their answers, on whose pages you might note
That tears had fallen, whilst trembling fingers wrote,
Gave boundless thanks for benefits conferred,
Of which the boy, in secret, sent them word,
Whose memory Time, they said, would never blot;
But which the giver had himself forgot

“In time, the stripling, vigorous and healed,
Resumed his barb and banner in the field,
And bore himself right soldier-like, till now
The third campaign had manlier bronzed his brow,
When peace, though but a scanty pause for breath,—
A curtain-drop between the acts of death,—
A check in frantic war’s unfinished game,
Yet dearly bought, and direly welcome, came.
The camp broke up, and Udolph left his chief
As with a son’s or younger brother’s grief:
But journeying home, how rapt his spirits rose!
How light his footsteps crushed St. Gothard’s snows!
How dear seemed e’en the waste and wild Shreckhorn,
Though wrapt in clouds, and frowning as in scorn
Upon a downward world of pastoral charms;
Where, by the very smell of dairy-farms,
And fragrance from the mountain-herbage blown,
Blindfold his native hills he could have known!

“His coming down yon lake,—his boat in view
Of windows where love’s fluttering kerchief flew,—
The arms spread out for him—the tears that burst,
(’Twas Julia’s, ’twas his sister’s, met him first:)—
Their pride to see war’s medal at his breast,
And all their rapture’s greeting, may be guessed.
