title: Theodric; a Domestic Tale (part 3 of 4)
author: Thomas Campbell
date: 1824
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/59788 (The Poetical Works of Thomas Campbell, reprinted from the early editions, London: Griffith Farran, n.d. [c. 1890])
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 150
attribution: certain
notes: 

Nor can it cancel, howsoe’er it end,
Our debt of friendship to our boy’s best friend.’
At night he parted with the aged pair;
At early morn rose Julia to prepare
The last repast her hands for him should make,
And Udolph to convoy him o’er the lake.
The parting was to her such bitter grief,
That of her own accord she made it brief;
But, lingering at her window, long surveyed
His boat’s last glimpses melting into shade.

“Theodric sped to Austria, and achieved
His journey’s object. Much was he relieved
When Udolph’s letters told that Julia’s mind
Had borne his loss firm, tranquil, and resigned.
He took the Rhenish route to England, high
Elate with hopes, fulfilled their ecstacy,
And interchanged with Constance’s own breath
The sweet eternal vows that bound their faith.

“To paint that being to a grovelling mind
Were like portraying pictures to the blind.
’Twas needful e’en infectiously to feel
Her temper’s fond and firm and gladsome zeal,
To share existence with her, and to gain
Sparks from her love’s electrifying chain,
Of that pure pride, which lessening to her breast
Life’s ills, gave all its joys a treble zest,
Before the mind completely understood
That mighty truth—how happy are the good!—

“E’en when her light forsook him, it bequeathed
Ennobling sorrow; and her memory breathed
A sweetness that survived her living days
As odorous scents outlast the censer’s blaze.

“Or if a trouble dimmed their golden joy,
’Twas outward dross, and not infused alloy:
Their home knew but affection’s looks and speech—
A little Heaven, above dissension’s reach.
But midst her kindred there was strife and gall;
Save one congenial sister, they were all
Such foils to her bright intellect and grace,
As if she had engrossed the virtue of her race.
Her nature strove the unnatural feuds to heal,
Her wisdom made the weak to her appeal;
And though the wounds she cured were soon unclosed,
Unwearied still her kindness interposed.

“Oft on those errands though she went, in vain,
And home, a blank without her, gave him pain,
He bore her absence for its pious end.—
But public grief his spirit came to bend;
For war laid waste his native land once more,
And German honour bled at every pore.
Oh! were he there, he thought, to rally back
One broken band, or perish in the wrack!
Nor think that Constance sought to move or melt
His purpose: like herself she spoke and felt:—
‘Your fame is mine, and I will bear all woe
Except its loss!—but with you let me go
To arm you for, to embrace you from the fight;
Harm will not reach me—hazards will delight!’
He knew those hazards better; one campaign
In England he conjured her to remain,
And she expressed assent, although her heart
In secret had resolved they should not part.

“How oft the wisest on misfortune’s shelves
Are wrecked by errors most unlike themselves!
That little fault, that fraud of love’s romance,
That plan’s concealment, wrought their whole mischance.
He knew it not preparing to embark,
But felt extinct his comfort’s latest spark,
When, midst those numbered days, she made repair
Again to kindred worthless of her care.
’Tis true she said the tidings she would write
Would make her absence on his heart sit light;
But, haplessly, revealed not yet her plan,
And left him in his home a lonely man.

“Thus damped in thoughts, he mused upon the past:
’Twas long since he had heard from Udolph last,
And deep misgivings on his spirit fell,
That all with Udolph’s household was not well.
’Twas that too true prophetic mood of fear
That augurs griefs inevitably near,
Yet makes them not less startling to the mind,
When come. Least looked-for then of human kind,
His Udolph (’twas, he thought at first, his sprite)
With mournful joy that morn surprised his sight.
How changed was Udolph! Scarce Theodric durst
Inquire his tidings,—he revealed the worst.
‘At first,’ he said, ‘as Julia bade me tell,
She bore her fate high-mindedly and well,
Resolved from common eyes her grief to hide,
And from the world’s compassion saved our pride;
But still her health gave way to secret woe,
And long she pined—for broken hearts die slow!
Her reason went, but came returning, like
The warning of her death-hour—soon to strike;
And all for which she now, poor sufferer! sighs,
Is once to see Theodric ere she dies.
Why should I come to tell you this caprice?
Forgive me! for my mind has lost its peace.
I blame myself, and ne’er shall cease to blame,
That my insane ambition for the name
Of brother to Theodric, founded all
Those high-built hopes that crushed her by their fall.
I made her slight a mother’s counsel sage,
But now my parents droop with grief and age;
And though my sister’s eyes mean no rebuke,
They overwhelm me with their dying look.
The journey’s long, but you are full of ruth;
And she who shares your heart, and knows its truth,
Has faith in your affection, far above
The fear of a poor dying object’s love.’
‘She has, my Udolph,’ he replied, ‘’tis true;
And oft we talk of Julia—oft of you.’
Their converse came abruptly to a close;
For scarce could each his troubled looks compose,
When visitants, to Constance near akin
(In all but traits of soul), were ushered in.
They brought not her, nor midst their kindred band
The sister who alone, like her, was bland;
But said—and smiled to see it gave him pain—
That Constance would a fortnight yet remain.
Vexed by their tidings, and the haughty view
They cast on Udolph as the youth withdrew,
Theodric blamed his Constance’s intent.—
The demons went, and left him as they went,
To read, when they were gone beyond recall,
A note from her loved hand, explaining all.
She said, that with their house she only staid
That parting peace might with them all be made;
But prayed for love to share his foreign life,
And shun all future chance of kindred strife.
He wrote with speed, his soul’s consent to say:
The letter missed her on her homeward way.
In six hours Constance was within his arms:
Moved, flushed, unlike her wonted calm of charms,
And breathless—with uplifted hands outspread—
Burst into tears upon his neck, and said,—
‘I knew that those who brought your message laughed
With poison of their own to point the shaft;
And this my one kind sister thought, yet loth
Confessed she feared ’twas true you had been wroth.
But here you are, and smile on me: my pain
Is gone, and Constance is herself again.’
His ecstasy, it may be guessed, was much:
Yet pain’s extreme and pleasure’s seemed to touch.
What pride! embracing beauty’s perfect mould;
What terror! lest his few rash words, mistold,
Had agonised her pulse to fever’s heat:
But calmed again so soon it healthful beat,
And such sweet tones were in her voice’s sound,
Composed herself, she breathed composure round.
