title: Lines on Poland (part 1 of 2)
author: Thomas Campbell
date: c. 1799-1840
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/59788 (The Poetical Works of Thomas Campbell, reprinted from the early editions, London: Griffith Farran, n.d. [c. 1890])
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 86
attribution: certain
notes: 

And have I lived to see thee sword in hand
Uprise again immortal Polish Land!—
Whose flag brings more than chivalry to mind,
And leaves the tri-color in shade behind;—
A theme for uninspirèd lips too strong;
That swells my heart beyond the power of song:—
Majestic men, whose deeds have dazzled faith,
Ah! yet your fate’s suspense arrests my breath;
Whilst, envying bosoms bared to shot and steel,
I feel the more that fruitlessly I feel.
Poles! with what indignation I endure
Th’ half-pitying servile mouths that call you poor;
Poor! is it England mocks you with her grief,
That hates, but dares not chide, th’ Imperial Thief?
France with her soul beneath a Bourbon’s thrall,
And Germany that has no soul at all,—
States quailing at the giant overgrown,
Whom dauntless Poland grapples with alone?
No, ye are rich in fame e’en whilst ye bleed:
We cannot aid you—we are poor indeed!

In Fate’s defiance—in the world’s great eye,
Poland has won her Immortality!
The Butcher, should he reach her bosom now,
Could tear not Glory’s garland from her brow;
Wreathed, filleted, the victim falls renowned,
And all her ashes would be holy ground!

But turn, my soul, from presages so dark:
Great Poland’s spirit is a deathless spark
That’s fanned by Heaven to mock the Tyrant’s rage:
She, like the eagle, will renew her age,
And fresh historic plumes of Fame put on,—
Another Athens after Marathon,—
Where eloquence shall fulmine, arts refine,
Bright as her arms that now in battle shine.
Come—should the heavenly shock my life destroy
And shut its flood-gates with excess of joy;
Come but the day when Poland’s fight is won—
And on my grave-stone shine the morrow’s sun—
The day that sees Warsaw’s cathedral glow
With endless ensigns ravished from the foe,—
Her women lifting their fair hands with thanks,
Her pious warriors kneeling in their ranks,
The scutcheoned walls of high heraldic boast,
The odorous altar’s elevated host,
The organ sounding through the aisle’s long glooms,
The mighty dead seen sculptured o’er their tombs;
(John, Europe’s saviour—Poniatowski’s fair
Resemblance—Kosciusko’s shall be there;)
The tapered pomp—the halleluiah’s swell,
Shall o’er the soul’s devotion cast a spell,
Till visions cross the rapt enthusiast’s glance,
And all the scene becomes a waking trance.
Should Fate put far—far off that glorious scene,
And gulfs of havoc interpose between,
Imagine not, ye men of every clime,
Who act, or by your sufferance share the crime—
Your brother Abel’s blood shall vainly plead
Against the “deep damnation” of the deed.
Germans ye view its horror and disgrace
With cold phosphoric eyes and phlegm of face.
Is Allemagne profound in science, lore,
And minstrel art?—her shame is but the more
To doze and dream by governments oppressed,
The spirit of a book-worm in each breast.
Well can ye mouth fair Freedom’s classic line,
And talk of Constitutions o’er your wine:
But all your vows to break the tyrant’s yoke
Expire in Bacchanalian song and smoke:
Heavens! can no ray of foresight pierce the leads
And mystic metaphysics of your heads,
To show the self-same grave, Oppression delves
For Poland’s rights, is yawning for yourselves!

See, whilst the Pole, the vanguard aid of France,
Has vaulted on his barb and couched the lance,
France turns from her abandoned friends afresh,
And soothes the Bear that prowls for patriot flesh,
Buys, ignominious purchase! short repose,
With dying curses and the groans of those
That served, and loved, and put in her their trust.
Frenchmen! the dead accuse you from the dust—
Brows laurelled—bosoms marked with many a scar
For France—that wore her Legion’s noblest star,
Cast dumb reproaches from the field of Death
On Gallic honour; and this broken faith
Has robbed you more of Fame—the life of life,—
Than twenty battles lost in glorious strife!
