title: Lines on Poland (part 2 of 2)
author: Thomas Campbell
date: c. 1799-1840
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/59788 (The Poetical Works of Thomas Campbell, reprinted from the early editions, London: Griffith Farran, n.d. [c. 1890])
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 71
attribution: certain
notes: 

And what of England—Is she steeped so low
In poverty, crest-fallen, and palsied so,
That we must sit much wroth, but timorous more,
With murder knocking at our neighbour’s door!—
Not murder masked and cloaked with hidden knife,
Whose owner owes the gallows life for life;
But Public Murder!—that with pomp and gaud,
And royal scorn of Justice walks abroad
To wring more tears and blood than e’er were wrung
By all the culprits Justice ever hung!
We read the diademed Assassin’s vaunt,
And wince, and wish we had not hearts to pant
With useless indignation—sigh, and frown,
But have not hearts to throw the gauntlet down.

If but a doubt hung o’er the grounds of fray,
Or trivial rapine stopped the world’s highway;
Were this some common strife of States embroiled;—
Britannia on the spoiler and the spoiled
Might calmly look, and, asking time to breathe,
Still honourably wear her olive wreath
But this is Darkness combating with Light:
Earth’s adverse Principles for empire fight:
Oppression, that has belted half the globe,
Far as his knout could reach or dagger probe,
Holds reeking o’er our brother freemen slain
That dagger—shakes it at us in disdain;
Talks big to Freedom’s states of Poland’s thrall,
And, trampling one, contemns them one and all.

My Country! colours not thy once proud brow
At this effront?—Hast thou not fleets enow
With Glory’s streamer, lofty as the lark,
Gay fluttering o’er each thunder-bearing bark,
To warm th’ Insulter’s seas with barb’rous blood,
And interdict his flag from Ocean’s flood?
E’en now far off the sea-cliff, where I sing,
I see, my Country, and my Patriot King!
Your ensign glad the deep. Becalmed and slow
A war-ship rides; while Heaven’s prismatic bow
Uprisen behind her on th’ horizon’s base, }
Shines flushing through the tackle, shrouds, and stays, }
And wraps her giant form in one majestic blaze. }
My soul accepts the omen; Fancy’s eye
Has sometimes a veracious augury:
The Rainbow types Heaven’s promise to my sight;
The Ship, Britannia’s interposing Might!

But if there should be none to aid you, Poles,
Ye’ll but to prouder pitch wind up your souls,
Above example, pity, praise or blame,
To sow and reap a boundless field of Fame.
Ask aid no more from Nations that forget
Your championship—old Europe’s mighty debt.
Though Poland (Lazarus-like) has burst the gloom,
She rises not a beggar from the tomb:
In Fortune’s frown, on Danger’s giddiest brink,
Despair and Poland’s name must never link.
All ills have bounds—plague, whirlwind, fire, and flood:
E’en power can spill but bounded sums of blood.
States caring not what freedom’s price may be,
May late or soon, but must at last be free;
For body-killing tyrants cannot kill
The public soul—the hereditary will
That downward as from sire to son it goes,
By shifting bosoms more intensely glows:
Its heir-loom is the heart, and slaughtered men
Fight fiercer in their orphans o’er again.
Poland recasts—though rich in heroes old,—
Her men in more and more heroic mould:
Her Eagle-ensign best among mankind
Become, and types her eagle-strength of mind:
Her praise upon my faltering lips expires:
Resume it, younger bards, and nobler lyres!
