title: Fragment from the Greek of Alcman
author: Thomas Campbell
date: c. 1799-1840
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/59788 (The Poetical Works of Thomas Campbell, reprinted from the early editions, London: Griffith Farran, n.d. [c. 1890])
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 41
attribution: certain
notes: 

The mountain summits sleep: glens, cliffs and caves,
Are silent—all the black earth’s reptile brood—
The bees—the wild beasts of the mountain wood:
In depths beneath the dark red ocean’s waves
Its monsters rest, whilst wrapt in bower and spray
Each bird is hushed that stretched its pinions to the day.

How glorious fall the valiant, sword in hand,
In front of battle for their native land!
But oh! what ills await the wretch that yields,
A recreant outcast from his country’s fields!
The mother whom he loves shall quit her home,
An agèd father at his side shall roam;
His little ones shall weeping with him go,
And a young wife participate his woe;
While scorned and scowled upon by every face,
They pine for food, and beg from place to place.

Stain of his breed! dishonouring manhood’s form,
All ills shall cleave to him:—Affliction’s storm
Shall blind him wandering in the vale of years,
Till, lost to all but ignominious fears,
He shall not blush to leave a recreant’s name.
And children, like himself, inured to shame.

But we will combat for our father’s land,
And we will drain the life-blood where we stand
To save our children:—fight ye side by side,
And serried close, ye men of youthful pride,
Disdaining fear, and deeming light the cost
Of life itself in glorious battle lost.

Leave not our sires to stem the unequal fight,
Whose limbs are nerved no more with buoyant might;
Nor lagging backward, let the younger breast
Permit the man of age (a sight unblessed)
To welter in the combat’s foremost thrust,
His hoary head dishevelled in the dust,
And venerable bosom bleeding bare.

But youth’s fair form, though fallen, is ever fair
And beautiful in death the boy appears,
The hero boy, that dies in blooming years:
In man’s regret he lives, and woman’s tears,
More sacred than in life, and lovelier far,
For having perished in the front of war.
