title: Lines to the Memory of Miss Susan Moore, Written by My Late Wife
author: Catharine Elizabeth Taylor Moore (Moore's wife, d. 1830)
date: c. 1814 (Susan Moore died 1814); pub. 1844
source: Poems (New York: Bartlett & Welford, 1844), pp. 209-211; scan https://archive.org/details/poemsmoor00moorrich (leaves n226 ff.)
form: mixed (pentameter couplets with tetrameter quatrains)
lines: 30
attribution: not Moore (Catharine Elizabeth Taylor Moore (Moore's wife, d. 1830))
notes: NOT by Moore: by his late wife. Footnote on the title (p. 209): '* Susan Moore, daughter of the late Dr. William Moore, died in 1814. She was a most lovely young creature; the delight of all who knew her. She suffered so much pain during her last illness, that, shortly before her death, she uttered the exclamation with which these lines conclude.' Running head: 'ON THE DEATH OF A YOUNG LADY.' Excluded from the Moore corpus. Heading as printed: 'LINES / TO THE MEMORY OF MISS SUSAN MOORE,* WRITTEN BY MY LATE WIFE.'. Editorial: FOOTNOTE p209 (marker on the title): * Susan Moore, daughter of the late Dr. William Moore, died in 1814. She was a most lovely young creature; the delight of all who knew her. She suffered so much pain during her last illness, that, shortly before her death, she uttered the exclamation with which these lines conclude.

Forgive the humble Muse that strives to raise
To thee, bless'd saint, her feeble voice of praise;
That dares attempt thy worth to sing,
Who now, with sister Cherubims
And Angels, to the Almighty King
Dost ceaseless chant forth heavenly hymns.

Oh! that my strains were as my subject high!
Then would they equal those which swell'd the sky
When joyful angels quiring bore
Thy spirit to the realms of light,
Glad that the mournful hour was o'er
While yet it struggled for its flight.

For, as thy friends the bed of death stood nigh,
Attending seraphs heav'd the pitying sigh,
To think what tears, what griefs, must flow
From loss of such sweet innocence,
To think what pangs their breasts must know
Who mourn'd such matchless excellence.

For thou wast pure as is the transient snow
That falls as if its whiteness but to show;
And fearful lest a longer stay
Its virgin purity should stain,
Dissolves beneath the fervid ray
That draws it up to Heaven again.

And yet, that last, that melancholy hour
Rais'd thee from earth to life, immortal flower!

Oh! how does even grief rejoice,
The tear dry in affliction's eye,
When memory gives thy parting voice
Exclaiming, "Oh! how sweet to die!"
