SOURCE URL: https://archive.org/details/poemsmoor00moorrich
DOCUMENT: Poems by Clement C. Moore, LL.D. (New York: Bartlett & Welford, 7 Astor House, 1844; Wm. Van Norden, printer; issued 25 June 1844 per Norsworthy): title, copyright, Preface "MY DEAR CHILDREN" (pp. v-viii), and "A VISIT FROM ST. NICHOLAS" (pp. 124-127).
PROVENANCE OF THIS TEXT: OCR (djvu text) of the archive.org scan (copy: UC / "rich" = Bancroft? see item page).
VERIFICATION STATUS: [V] verified directly against a scan or OCR of the original document / period printing
RETRIEVED: 2026-09-14
NOTES: CAUTION: in this digitized copy an extra block ("With a little old driver ... Dunder and Blitzen— ... dash away all!") appears between the p.124 text and the p.125 header; it looks like a pasted-in slip or clipping and is NOT the printed page text. The printed p.125 reads "On, Comet! on, Cupid! on, Donder and Blitzen!" and p.127 ends "Happy Christmas to all, and to all a good night."
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NEW  YORK :
BARTLETT    &    WELFORD,
7  ASTOR  HOUSE
1844.
Entered  according  to  Act  of  Congress,  in  the  year  1844,  by
CLEMENT  C.  MOORE,
in  the  Clerk's  office  of  the  District  Court  of  the  Southern  District  of
New  York.
WM.   VAN  NORDEN,   PRINTER.
PREFACE,
MY  DEAR  CHILDREN:
IN  compliance  with  your  wishes,  I  here  present  you
with  a  volume  of  verses,  written  by  me  at  different
periods  of  my  life.
You  may  perceive  that  the  pieces  contained  in  it  are
not  arranged  in  the  order  of  the  times  at  which  they
were  composed;  for,  not  only  would  it  be  impossible
for  me  now  to  make  such  an  arrangement  with  precision,
but  it  was  thought  best  that  the  serious  should  be  inter
mingled  with  the  gay,  and  the  shorter  with  the  longer
compositions.
"142
VI  PREFACE.
I  have  not  made  a  selection  from  among  my  verses
of  such  as  are  of  any  peculiar  cast ;  but  have  given
you  the  melancholy  and  the  lively,  the  serious,  the
sportive,  and  even  the  trifling ;  such  as  relate  solely  to
our  own  domestic  circle,  and  those  of  which  the  sub
jects  take  a  wider  range.  For,  as  you  once  persuaded
me  to  sit  for  my  portrait,  which  was  the  occasion  of  one
of  the  pieces  in  this  collection  ;  so,  I  flatter  myself  that
you  will  be  pleased  to  have  as  true  a  picture  as  possible
of  your  father's  mind,  upon  which  you  and  your  chil
dren  may  look  when  I  shall  be  removed  from  this  world.
Were  I  to  offer  you  nothing  but  what  is  gay  and  lively,
you  well  know  that  the  deepest  and  keenest  feelings  of
your  father's  heart  would  not  be  portrayed.  If,  on  the
other  hand,  nothing  but  what  is  serious  or  sad  had  been
presented  to  your  view,  an  equally  imperfect  character
of  his  mind  would  have  been  exhibited.  For  you  are
all  aware  that  he  is  far  from  following  the  school  of
Chesterfield  with  regard  to  harmless  mirth  and  merri
ment  ;  and  that,  in  spite  of  all  the  cares  and  sorrows  of
this  life,  he  thinks  we  are  so  constituted  that  a  good
honest  hearty  laugh,  which  conceals  no  malice,  and  is
PREFACE.  Vll
excited  by  nothing  corrupt,  however  ungenteel  it  may
be,  is  healthful  both  to  body  and  mind.  And  it  is  one
of  the  benevolent  ordinances  of  Providence,  that  we  are
thus  capable  of  these  alternations  of  sorrow  and  trouble
with  mirth  and  gladness.  Another  reason  why  the  mere
trifles  in  this  volume  have  not  been  withheld,  is,  that
such  things  have  been  often  found  by  me  to  afford  greater
k  pleasure  than  what  was  by  myself  esteemed  of  more
worth.
I  do  not  pay  my  readers  so  ill  a  compliment  as  to
offer  the  contents  of  this  volume  to  their  view  as  the
mere  amusements  of  my  idle  hours ;  effusions  thrown
off  without  care  or  meditation,  as  though  the  refuse  of
my  thoughts  were  good  enough  for  them.  On  the  con
trary,  some  of  the  pieces  have  cost  me  much  time  and
thought ;  and  I  have  composed  them  all  as  carefully  and
correctly  as  I  could.
I  wish  you  to  bear  in  mind  that  nothing  which  may
appear  severe  or  sarcastic  in  this  collection,  is  pointed
at  any  individual.  Where  vice  or  absurdity  is  held  up
Vlll  PKEFACE.
to  view,  it  is  the  fault,  and  not  any  particular  person
that  is  pointed  at.
Notwithstanding  the  partiality  of  you  and  my  friends,
I  feel  much  reluctance  to  publish  this  volume  ;  and  have
much  doubt  as  to  its  merit.  Had  she  who  wrote  the
lines  signed  "  La  Mere  de  Cinq  Erifans,"  and  those
upon  the  death  of  your  cousin,  Susan  Moore,  which  ap
pear  in  this  collection,  been  still  spared  to  me,  her
native  taste  and  judgment  would  have  afforded  me  great
assistance  in  putting  together  this  little  work,  and  would
have  enabled  me  to  act  with  much  more  confidence  than
I  now  can.  But  whatever  be  the  merit  of  the  offering
which  I  here  make  to  you,  receive  and  look  upon  it  as
a  token  of  the  affection  of  your  father.
C.  C.  M.
MARCH,  1844.
TABLE   OF  CONTENTS.
A  TRIP  TO  SARATOGA,      -  15
To  MY  CHILDREN,  with  my  Portrait,  65
To  THE  FASHIONABLE  PART  OF  MY  YOUNG  COUN
TRYWOMEN,  69
THE  MISCHIEVOUS  MUSE — Translation,  74
LlNES   WRITTEN   AFTER   A   FALL    OF    SNOW,  80
To  YOUNG  LADIES  WHO  ATTENDED  PHILOSOPHI

[... pp. 124-127 ...]

Calm  as  a  child  by  sleep  oppress'd
And  wake  to  endless  joy."
A  VISIT  FROM  ST.  NICHOLAS
'TWAS  the  night  before  Christmas,  when  all  through  the
house
Not  a  creature  was  stirring,  not  even  a  mouse ;
The  stockings  were  hung  by  the  chimney  with  care,
In  hopes  that  ST.  NICHOLAS  soon  would  be  there ;
The  children  were  nestled  all  snug  in  their  beds,
While  visions  of  sugar-plums  danced  in  their  heads ;
And  Mamma  in  her  'kerchief,  and  I  in  my  cap,
Had  just  settled  our  brains  for  a  long  winter's  nap ;
With  a  little  old  driver,  so  lively  and  quick,
I  knew  in  a  moment  it  must  be  St.  Nick.
More  rapid  than  eagles  his  coursers  they  came,
And  he  whistled,  and  shouted,  and  called  them  by  name ;
'  Now,  Dasher !  now,  Dancer !  now,  Prance r  and  Vixen !
On  !  Comet,  on !  Cupid,  on !  Dunder  and  Blitzen—
To  the  top  of  the  porch,  to  the  top  of  the  wall !
Now,  dash  away,  dash  away,  dash  away  all !"
A    VISIT   FROM    ST.    NICHOLAS.  125
When  out  on  the  lawn  there  arose  such  a  clatter,
I  sprang  from  the  bed  to  see  what  was  the  matter.
Away  to  the  window  I  flew  like  a  flash,
Tore  open  the  shutters  and  threw  up  the  sash.
The  moon  on  the  breast  of  the  new-fallen  snow,
Gave  the  lustre  of  mid-day  to  objects  below.
When,  what  to  my  wondering  eyes  should  appear,
But  a  miniature  sleigh,  and  eight  tiny  rein-deer,
With  a  little  old  driver,  so  lively  and  quick,
I  knew  in  a  moment  it  must  be  St.  Nick.
More  rapid  than  eagles  his  coursers  they  came,
And  he  whistled,  and  shouted,  and  called  them  by  name  ;
"  Now,    Dasher  f  now,    Dancer !    now,    Prancer    and
Vixen  !
On,  Comet  I  on,  Cupid  f  on,  Donder  and  Blitzen  !
To  the  top  of  the  porch !  to  the  top  of  the  wall !
Now  dash  away !  dash  away !  dash  away  all ! "
As  dry  leaves  that  before  the  wild  hurricane  fly,
When  they  meet  with  an  obstacle,  mount  to  the  sky ;
So  up  to  the  house-top  the  coursers  they  flew,
With  the  sleigh  full  of  Toys,  and  St.  Nicholas  too.
10*
126  MISCELLANEOUS   POEMS.
And  then,  in  a  twinkling,  I  heard  on  the  roof,
The  prancing  and  pawing  of  each  little  hoof —
As  I  drew  in  my  head,  and  was  turning  around,
Down  the  chimney  St.  Nicholas  came  with  a  bound.
He  was  dressed  all  in  fur,  from  his  head  to  his  foot,
And  his  clothes  were  all  tarnished  with  ashes  and  soot ;
A  bundle  of  Toys  he  had  flung  on  his  back,
And  he  look'd  like  a  pedlar  just  opening  his  pack.
His  eyes  —  how  they  twinkled  !  his  dimples  how  merry  !
His  cheeks  were  like  roses,  his  nose  like  a  cherry  !
His  droll  little  mouth  was  drawn  up  like  a  bow,
And  the  beard  of  his  chin  was  as  white  as  the  snow  ;
The  stump  of  a  pipe  he  held  tight  in  his  teeth,
And  the  smoke  it  encircled  his  head  like  a  wreath ;
He  had  a  broad  face  and  a  little  round  belly,
That  shook  when  he  laughed,  like  a  bowlfull  of  jelly.
He  was  chubby  and  plump,  a  right  jolly  old  elf,
And  I  laughed  when  I  saw  him,  in  spite  of  myself,
A  wink  of  his  eye  and  a  twist  of  his  head,
Soon  gave  me  to  know  I  had  nothing  to  dread  ;
He  spoke  not  a  word,  but  went  straight  to  his  work,
A    VISIT   FROM    ST.    NICHOLAS.
And  fill'd  all  the  stockings ;  then  turned  with  a  jerk,
And  laying  his  finger  aside  of  his  nose,
And  giving  a  nod,  up  the  chimney  he  rose  ;
He  sprang  to  his  sleigh,  to  his  team  gave  a  whistle,
And  away  they  all  flew  like  the  down  of  a  thistle.
But  I  heard  him  exclaim,  ere  he  drove  out  of  sight,
"  Happy  Christmas  to  all,  and  to  all  a  good  night."
FROM  A  HUSBAND  TO  HIS  WIFE.
