SOURCE URL: https://web.archive.org/web/2024/https://www.henrylivingston.com/xmas/witnesses/jg-oct5-1920.htm   [page path reconstructed from the site's relative links]
DOCUMENT: Jeannie L. Gurney (granddaughter, Oconomowoc, Wis.) to W. S. Thomas, 5 Oct. 1920 (Thomas Collection): her mother's blank book of Livingston's poems "was burned when our house burned in 1869".
PROVENANCE OF THIS TEXT: henrylivingston.com transcription of the manuscript (Thomas Collection, now New-York Historical Society, unless stated).
VERIFICATION STATUS: [S] SECOND-HAND transcription (not checked against the original)
RETRIEVED: 2026-09-14
NOTES: Live site henrylivingston.com fails TLS in this environment; page fetched from the Internet Archive Wayback Machine (2024 capture) and converted HTML->text; site navigation lines removed. The site (Mary S. Van Deusen, Livingston descendant) transcribes manuscripts of the Thomas Collection / New-York Historical Society; transcriptions are SECOND-HAND and have not been checked against the manuscripts.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
From Jeannie Gurney to William Sturges Thomas, Oct 5, 1920
Transcription
                  Oconomowac
                  October 5th, 1920
Dear Cousin Will-
I was much pleased to hear from you. And wish I could help you to find letters, or any writings, of grandfather Livingston. But I have nothing, and do not know who has.
Mother had a blank book in which grandfather had written a number of his poems. And oh how often I have wished for it. But it was burned when our house burned in 1869. I have an old book that belonged to Grandfather, and his name is written in it. I don't think the book is of much account, but if you would like it, I will send it to you.
I would be delighted to have a copy of the article you have written for the Historical Society of Dutchess Co.
You certainly have found wonderful records of grandfather. And I am proud and happy to know you have found so much. I know he was a gifted man. Mother has said, he often used to help men who had fourth of July addresses to make, or some kind of an address. And he would write it for them. And they commit it to memory.
I hope your family are all well. I hear of you now and then, through Margurite and Guy Livingston. But wish I knew you better, and could see your family.
Affectionately, your Cousin
                  Jeanie L. gurney
Manuscript
Thomas Collection
