SOURCE URL: https://archive.org/details/sim_bookman-a-review-of-books-and-life_1920-12_52_4
CITATION: Henry Litchfield West, "Who Wrote 'Twas the Night Before Christmas'?", The Bookman 52.4 (December 1920): 300-305.
RETRIEVAL: Retrieved 2026-09-14; text converted from HTML/OCR, minor formatting artifacts possible. OCR from Internet Archive serials scan; some line-order corruption in the OCR of p. 303.

300

WHO WROTE “’TWAS THE NIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS”?

tinel” in several succeeding years and
was printed in the “Morning Courier”,
New York City, on January 1, 1829.
It was again used as an address by the
Troy “Sentinel” in 1830 and apparently was not again reprinted until it
appeared in a little volume entitled
“Poems by Clement C. Moore, LL.D.”,
and published in 1844 by Bartlett and
Welford, 7 Astor Place, New York
City. This book contains a lengthy

preface, which begins as follows:

My dear Children :

In compliance with your wishes, I here present you with a volume of verses written by me at different periods of my life. I have not made a selection from among my verses of such as are of any particular cast, but have given you the melancholy and the lively, the serious and the sportive, and even the trifling; such as relate solely to our domestic circle and those of which the subjects take a wider range.

.. We are so constituted that a good honest, hearty laugh, which conceals no malice, and is excited by nothing corrupt, however ungenteel it may be, is healthful to both body and mind; and it is one of the benevolent ordinances of Providence that we are thus capable of these alternations of sorrow and trouble with mirth and gladness. Another reason why the mere trifles in this volume have not been withheld is that such things have been often found by me to afford greater pleasure than what was by myself esteemed of more worth.

This evidence of an appreciation of
the lighter things of life is an important factor in the controversy, because Dr. Moore was a man of serious
nature and without reputation as a
humorist. He was born July 15, 1779.
His father, Right Reverend Benjamin
Moore, was the second Protestant
Episcopal bishop of New York, assisted at the inauguration of President Washington, and administered
communion to Alexander Hamilton
when the latter was dying after his
fatal duel with Aaron Burr. Dr.
Moore was educated for the church,
became proficient in classical languages, and upon the opening of the
General Theological Seminary, of
which he was the founder and bene-

301

factor, served as professor of Oriental
and Greek literature. The trend of
his mind was distinctly sober and
grave; but when it is remembered
that “Alice in Wonderland” was written by a teacher of mathematics, and
that “Nonsense Novels” and “The
Elements of Political Science” have
the same authorship, it may not seem
incongruous that the writer of a
merry jingle also compiled “A Compendious Lexicon of the Hebrew Language”, with an explanation of every
word in the Psalms. The combination of grave and gay in literature has
happened more than once.

The commonly accepted story of the
first publication of the poem, while
lacking documentary authenticity, is
explicit and plausible and has gained
credence through frequent repetition.
It relates that Miss Harriet Butler,
eldest daughter of Reverend Dr. David
Butler, rector of St. Paul’s church in
Troy, while visiting Dr. Moore’s family in 1822, heard the poem read,
copied it into her album, and in the
Christmas season of 1823 sent it to the
Troy “Sentinel”. It has also been
printed that Dr. Moore was chagrined
over the publication, “which he apparently considered quite beneath the
dignity of a theological professor’,
but it is difficult to reconcile this statement with the fact that the poem appeared without affording the slightest
clue to its author.

Up to the time of his death, July 10,
1862, Dr. Moore was evidently undisturbed as to any future question of his
fame, for he made no effort to substantiate his own position. He had
published the poem under his own
name in 1844, twenty-one years after
it had first appeared, and on March
24, 1856, he furnished a holographic
copy in response to a written request,
stating in his letter that “I wish the

302

enclosed was more worthy of attention”. In 1862 the New York Historical Society sent a representative to
interview him. The report of this
agent, published in the Bulletin of the
Society under date of January, 1919,
is disappointing in its lack of detail
as to the origin of the poem. Dr.
Moore, then eighty-three years old,
did not state that he had furnished the
original copy to Miss Butler but, according to the interview, explained
that she had copied the poem from
another copy furnished by one of Dr.
Moore’s female relatives. He was
further quoted as saying that “a
portly rubicund Dutchman, living in
the neighborhood of his father’s country seat, Chelsea, suggested to him the
idea of making St. Nicholas the hero
of the Christmas piece”, which, he
added, had been written forty years
previously for his two children. Asa
matter of fact, Dr. Moore had three
children in 1822. The eldest, Charity,
named after her mother, was six years
of age; Clement was a baby of two,
and Emily was only eight months old.
Only the eldest child could have had
the slightest interest in hearing about
St. Nicholas. The interviewer made
no inquiry of Dr. Moore respecting the
original draft, which, so far as known,
is not now in existence.

Apparently the original manuscript
is not in the custody of the Moore
family, for Casimir deR. Moore, grandson of Dr. Moore, writing in answer
to an inquiry, says:

My grandfather, Clement C. Moore, wrote it of his children and had no inter publishing it. A

the family saw it

for the enjoyment
tion of connection of
while on a visit to my grandfather, copied it, and had it published anonymously in a Troy I believe There were
who claimed to be the
ged to do so
dged that he
understood from
facts in

paper,
at once several persons
author; and it
that my grandf:
author.

was not until u ither acl

This I have

knowl
was the
my father,

uncle and aunts to be the

THE BOOKMAN

I think my grandfather's reputation warranting me in

the case.
sufficiently high in
never could

stands
said he was
fact. What
manuscript I cannot

saying that he have the author

became of the

unless he was so in
original
say.

Although “A Visit from St. Nicholas” is universally known today, it does not seem to have acquired instant popularity. As already stated, it was occasionally used as a newspaper carriers’ address, its appearance in 1830 being made memorable by a wood engraving executed by Myron King, of Troy, in which the children’s patron saint and his “eight tiny reindeer” were depicted levitating over the house-tops. In 1849 Griswold published a second edition of his anthology of American poetry in which the poem was included, with credit to Dr. Moore; and a reprint also appeared in “The Cyclopedia of American Literature’, published by the Duyckincks in 1855. In 1862 it was issued in a separate volume with illustrations by F. O. C. Darley, since which time it has found a place in nearly every school reader, with annual publication as a Christmas feature in a large number of newspapers.

It is only quite recently that the
doubt as to Dr. Moore’s authorship
has assumed definite form; and this
is due to the intelligent and unremitting industry of William S. Thomas, a
well-known physician of New York
City. Dr. Thomas is the great-grandson of Henry Livingston, Jr., who was
born in 1748 and died in 1828, residing throughout his life at “Locust
Grove” near Poughkeepsie, New York.
He was a man of distinction, a student, a surveyor, a landed proprietor,
a major of infantry in Montgomery’s
ill-fated expedition into Canada; and
so much of a patriot that in his old
music-book he altered “God Save the
King” into “God Save the Congress”.

WHO WROTE “’TWAS THE NIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS”?

Above all, he was a deft manipulator of rhymes; and for more than a century there has been a tradition—or, rather, a positive belief—among his descendants that he wrote the famous Christmas poem. Dr. Thomas has attempted to discover the foundation for this belief. Naturally the effort has been attended with much difficulty, wing to the length of time which has elapsed since the rhyme was written, but the mass of testimony which he has collected is worthy of consideration in the hope that eventually the question of authorship will be definitely settled.

It must be admitted, first of all, that
the evidence is purely circumstantial.
There is not extant a single written

document which shows that Henry

Livingston himself ever laid claim to authorship, but this may be explained by the fact that he had been dead sixteen years when Dr. Moore’s volume

appeared. There is no doubt that his family regarded him as the author; and a succinct expression of this belief is found in the letter of Mrs. Edward Livingston Montgomery, now published for the first time, as follows:

The little incident connected with the first reading of “A Visit from St. Nicholas” related to me by my grandmother, Catherine Breese, the daughter of Henry Livingston. As I recollect her story there was a young lady spending the Christmas holidays with the family at Locust Grove. On Christmas morning Mr. Livingston came into the dining-room, where the family and their guests were just sitting down to breakfast. He held the manuscript in his hand and said that it Christmas poem he had written for He then sat down at the table and read aloud to them “A Visit from St. Nicholas”. All were delighted with the verses and the in particular, was so much impressed by Livingston to let her have a copy of the poem. He consented and made a copy in his own hand, which he gave to her. On leaving Locust Grove, when her visit came to an end, this young lady went directly to the home of Clement C. Moore,

was

eldest

was a them.

guest,

them that she begged Mr.

303

where she filled the position of governess to his children.

So well grounded is the faith of the
Livingston family in their ancestor’s
authorship that as long ago as 1865-
1870, when Dr. Thomas’s father was
teaching in Churchill’s Academy at
Sing Sing, New York, he had an argument with a grandson of Dr. Moore,
who was among his pupils, because the
latter naturally credited his grandfather with writing the poem. Again,
in 1879, Mrs. Eliza Livingston Thompson wrote that “the poem was supposed and believed in our family to be
father’s and I well remember our astonishment when we saw it claimed by
Clement C. Moore many years after
my father’s decease, which took place
more than fifty years ago. At that
time”, she continues, “my brother, in
looking over his papers, found the
original in his own handwriting, with
his many fugitive pieces which he had
preserved”. And Henry Livingston,
of Babylon, Long Island, not only substantiates this statement, but again
refers to the original and accounts
for its disappearance as follows:

My father, as long ago as I can remember, claimed that his father (Henry, Jr.) was the author; that it was first read to the children at the old homestead below Poughkeepsie, when he was about eight years old, which would be about 1804 or 1805. He had the original manuscript, with many corrections, in his possession for a long time, and by him was given to his brother Edwin, and Edwin’s personal effects were destroyed when his sister Susan's home was burned at Waukesha, Wisconsin, about 1847 or 1848.

There are, of course, some discrepancies in these recorded recollections.
If the poem was first read in 1804 or
1805, it could not have been in the
presence of the governess of Dr.
Moore’s children, for Dr. Moore at
that time was only twenty-five or
twenty-six years old and unmarried.
A reconciliation of these conflicting
statements is suggested by Gertrude

304

Fonda Thomas, of Cambridge, Massachusetts, a granddaughter of Henry
Livingston. She says that the governess was connected with Mr. Livingston’s family. Another factor in the
case is Eliza Clement Brewer, who
lived at “Russ Plaets”, adjoining “Locust Grove”, and who married Charles
Livingston, son of Henry Livingston.
Her granddaughter, Mrs. Rudolph
Denig, wife of a retired commodore
of the navy, states that her grandmother told her that in 1808, while
visiting at the Livingston home, she
heard Mr. Livingston recite the poem
as his own. When Charles, who had
been west, returned in 1826 to marry
Miss Brewer, he carried back with
him a newspaper in which the poem
had been printed and kept it in his
desk for many years. In view of the

possibility that this newspaper was
the Poughkeepsie publication to which
Mr. Livingston contributed, a search
has been made of the now incomplete

files, but thus far without success; and
it is probable that the newspaper was
the Troy “Sentinel”. The fact that he
had the paper and carefully preserved
it is a matter of family history.

All these threads of family tradition
are tied together with what might be
called internal corroboration. Major
Livingston left a manuscript volume
of poems, many of which were printed
in a Poughkeepsie paper and in other
publications. The fact that they were
all printed anonymously or under the
pseudonym “R”, is alleged to account
for his failure to publicly claim the
authorship of the now famous poem.
An examination of the forty-five productions included in this collection
shows that nineteen are anapestic (or
the same metre as the poem in controversy), while in Dr. Moore’s volume
all of the thirty-three poems are iambic, with the exception of “A Visit

THE BOOKMAN

from St. Nicholas” and “The Pig and
the Rooster”. The latter, beginning:
On a warmy sunny day in the midst of July,
A lazy young pig lay stretched out in his sty,...
is distinctly inferior in theme and
treatment to the Christmas effort.
Major Livingston evidently loved the
anapestic metre, which Edward Everett says “is better adapted than any
other measure to lively and spirited
subjects”. In this connection there
should be mentioned three of his
poems, one a letter in rhyme to his
brother Beekman, which begins thus:

To my dear brother Beekman: I sit down to

write, Ten minutes past eight and a very cold night. Not far from me sits, with a baullancy cap on, Our very good cousin, Elizabeth Tappan; A tighter young sempstress you'd ne'er to see,

And she, (blessings on her)

wish is sewing for me.

And this conclusion of a carriers’
address, written in 1787:
And now the end of all this clatter
Is but a small and trifling matter;
A puny sixpence or a shilling
From willing souls to souls as willing.
And the tribute which he paid to
Nancy Crooke, who was a belle in
Poughkeepsie, where her name is still
a treasured memory, and which concluded as follows:

If a pin or a handkerchief happen to fall,

To seize on the prise fills with uproar the hall;

Such pulling and hauling and shoving and pushing,

As rivals the racket of “‘Key and the cushion”;

And happy—thrice happy! too happy! the swain

Who can replace the pin or bandanna again.
These are, to say the least, in the
style of “A Visit from St. Nicholas”.
A further examination of Livingston’s
versifications discloses his delight in
the use of such rhymes as “clatter”
and “matter”, “belly” and “jelly”,
“elf” and “self”, all of which are to
be found in “St. Nicholas”. He was
fond of repetitive phrases, such as “to
the top of the porch, to the top of the
wall”. He invariably used the word

WHO WROTE “’TWAS THE NIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS”?

mamma, when referring to his wife,
while the adverbial use of the word all
and the odd usage of gave, occurring
frequently both in his verses and the

and the odd usage of gave, occurring
frequently both in his verses and the
Christmas poem, are cited as additional evidence in his favor. Then, further, he was fond of the idea of levitation, while tininess frequently appealed
tohim. In one of his poems he describes
Oberon as riding in a tiny royal coach
made of a nutshell drawn by “green
catydids”. And, finally, he repeatedly
wove into his lines some references to
articles of clothing—shoes, soft
“shammy” gloves, ruffles, wristbands,
new shirts, cravats, and even “chamezes’’—just asin “St. Nicholas” there
is a description of “mamma in her
*kerchief and I in my cap”. Surely if
Livingston did not write “A Visit

from St. Nicholas” he wrote much that was cast in the same mold.

And even if this is all that can be said at the present time it is enough to

excite curiosity, to say the least. It
recalls the famous observation of Martin Hewitt, that “two trivialities,
pointing in the same direction, become
at once, by their mere agreement, no
trivialities at all”. Perhaps this idea
was in the mind of Benson J. Lossing,
the historian, when he wrote to one of

305

Livingston’s descendants as long ago
as 1886, that “the circumstantial evidence that your great-grandfather
wrote ‘A Visit from St. Nicholas’
seems as conclusive as that which has
taken innocent men to the gallows”.
The circle in which the question has
been discussed has been restricted because of the previous unwillingness of
Mr. Livingston’s family to allow publicity for a belief which has been cherished by them for a century. The work
which has been undertaken, and which
is here only partially recorded, is, of
course, a labor of love; and it has
been prosecuted with full appreciation
of the difficulty in overturning an apparently established fact. Dr. Moore’s
authorship, resting upon the inclusion
of the poem in his published volume,
has stood practically unchallenged;
and the burden of disproving the
claim of a man of his high attainments
and unblemished character, is not a
light one. From its literary side, the
problem is not without interest; but,
in a broader sense, the result is immaterial. No matter who wrote it, the
poem has been a joy for generations;
and it will continue to live as long as
the human heart is touched with the
spirit of Christmastide.

““MY SILENT SERVANTS”’

BY JOHN KENDRICK BANGS

AM sorry for many kinds of folk.

I am sorry for anyone doomed to
live in a country like Russia today
where everything that man has struggled for in the past two years has gone
to ruin, and the ooze of society, temporarily triumphant, has turned the
flow of civilization into a sanguinary
dribble. I am sorry for the distressed,
the depressed, and the oppressed, whosoever they may be, or wheresoever
found. I am sorry for the man of
high aspiration thwarted at every
point by the insurmountable steeps in
the path of achievement. But when I
find a man who has the means to build
up a library in his own home, yet into
whose home come only the most inconsequential of books, I don’t know
whether I am sorry for him or not. If
he be one of those self-made persons
whose supreme satisfaction with results is their most salient characteristic, who sneer at the real booklover
and refer even to the reader of a Sunday Comic Supplement as a bookworm,
and who—because they have piled up
a couple of million dollars through
lucky guesses, or corrupt participations, on the stock market—hold themselves superior to books and their
makers, I do not pity him at all. He
has earned his wage of ignorance, and
is entitled to its increment of dross.
But if on the other hand he is one of
those upon whose mental horizon the

Sun of Letters and the Stars of Song
have not yet shone, and who grope in
darkness not by preference but merely
because they do not know that the
light is there, then I am sorry for him.
I would do all that lies in my power
to lead him to the light, for what light
there is, indeed, in a well-selected library! What joy of song is there!
What glowing comradeships with the
noblest minds of all time lie within
the silent covers of our books!

I think I have today a keener realization of the complete satisfaction of a library than ever before, for for three years I have been an exile from
