Translated from the Greek

PHANE'S.

a of — —

$5 propritis fies,

magi

Te capiet

By Mr. T HE OBALNY.

Printed for Fonas Brown at the Black Swan without

LONDON

Temple- Bar, MDCC XV.

T is no small Satisfaction
to me, that 1
am allow d to pay my
Respects to you in this
Publick manner; 1 have receiv d a
Multitude of Obligations from you

* +» a th; Ib. & is «

PEDICATTON:

aud 1 am never better pleasd d 40
that the World mould know I have
Statitude enough to remember
Favours. Von have always shew'd
me the Estcem of a Relation; and
with that Air of Particulariry, 1
had reason to think my self a Favourite
One: Nor is this Confession
less your Praise, than my Happiness;
that you are not byass d by
the Fashionable Pride of the Times,
which expects that something more
than Affinity in Blood should recommend
a Kinsman, and that the Addition
either of Titular Honour, or
Afluence of Fortune, should contribute
to make him worth the

Ovning.

end rng
PR ! $ - * N — —

But it may look like e
ption of Merit in my self, and an
Injustice, to your Character, if, a

this Boast of your Favour, Id not, N
d ingeniously confess, it is in a great
II Measure! owing to the Temper and

VNatural Generosity of your Soul-
The true old Brit. Hospitality can
never be extinct, vhilst you are Liings.
os ay that known wa
enough, to be just to your Memory.
For your Table seems the
perfect Standard of a regular Oeco- |
nomy; always Copious, yet without
Profusion; and ever provided
tor the Reception of a Friend, or
the Relief of the Poor.

r r — 2 n N
* = * * > * 7 * y % . * * 1 Y % - | 7 2 4 a, %. * =D P N F K —
> * * Bb. 5 * af a * HF 7 o * x i 871 dy \ _— ©». *, "IE? 4 8 n IJ _
To . ” 8 9 * . T > * x \ - * a q
- _ . - 4 \+ 8 q * * BY
by . * =. F a * a 8 N. F
: 8 *. £ , ” D . * J

les you had commanded me to be

{You must pardon me; Sir; if f
olfend in bringing to Light these
private Virtues of your Life, which
you have still cherish'd without any
Ostentation of them: Ihope, I am
fafliciently excus'd in the *Declars
tion, in that I speak from a Personal
Knowledge; And when youadmitted
me for a whole Season under
your Roof, I could not but see
your Affection to your Friends, or
Compassion for the Disttess d, unblind

on these Occasions. Permit
me, Sir, to remember the Pleasures
of that Season, when a Country
Village equally administred to
Solitude and Converfationz when

DEDICATION.

ve wanted no Busi nels, to ins he
Time seem short; but every Morfis
ing that rose, brought on its Enoyments:
The Harmony of your
Family, and the Charms of so perect
an Unity at home, made us
never Ambitious of Calling in Fo- 8
rign Aids to Diversion, but res
Coed us from many an Insipid
Fatigue of Wa ae Visitation.

2 1 5 "Ek QC 15 EN x}

Learning of a School. boy, and
wanted Judg ment to make Use off ©
those Talents I either owed to Na-

I had yy bur the - Indigesi 5 4 10!

ture, or the Benefits of my Edu!

cation; yet whenever the Vanity

5 4 D 1 0 4 17e 0 N.
of Youth led me to a Seren

ö on, you 'view'd my Performan
A, with such an Eye- of Indulgence a nd
Encouragement, as if it had been
teally Capable of giving you $a
tisfaction: I fear, I am yet too :
raw /a Pretender to Letters ; but“
when J offer ai Translation to your
View, I may reasonably pretend to l
entertain you with a Foundation of
Good Sense, however awkyardy |
deliver d at Second hand.

For this dh of the Clouds
the Authority of its Praise in Gyeete
is so well establish'd, that a Repe-

tition of their Encomiums vere to

suppose * a Stranger to its Character

der and Metits: Nor is it o

OSS. +

DEDICATION:

antique eitherin Language or Conlitution,
but that its Beauties are
puching to the present Age; and,
f we may believe the polite Maam
Dacier, the professes herself so
harm'd with this Piece, that tho
the had translated it, and read it
wer Two hundred times, it still had
not lost its Relish, nor did she ever
ind herself tir d of it,

If it proves an agreeable Amusement
to You on its Perusal, and is
lo far entitled x0 your Approbaion,
as to deserve your Protection,

mall think my self amply rewards*

ed for my Labour; and Happy in
that

chis Op tu
of ops. myself, en ;

1 2 — 1 * 4 - N «6d f n i 4 :
„„ 1 9 0 FEY Cx | 1 1
* — 1 > - & # „ Py W. * x 4 » 1 f
: * 0 5 ff * * %, # Io
? bay \..a
F. 2 e * — o . x ?
4 _—_— = wed * n - " ” + : 1 * * ry 4 1 1 d | * * 3
N ; : . y __ .
N , . N k :
g > y . . F4 e ry , q F
A , , 7 k PR
C2 128738 F 5 *
| * — 2 . — 4 . TY % 4
oo j —

Humble

? w 8 4 * 3 ö 7 # © 1
4 ( { 1 1 C1 L "$ *
5 $ * Sy A & =» , 4

5 p p 0
| 4 S » 4 © * 6 . * . P., * ry *
« a 2 ow * ' nn” 4s +4 «4 \ 4 'vþ . d

tu nee, T H E 3 1 n Ev jo
- [ | 19 pe 6 BT a 10
PROLOGUE:
Protest to you, Gentlemen, by Bacchus that has brought

[ me up, that I intend to tell you my Thoughts with all
the Frankness imaginable; So may I get the better of
my Rivals, and pass. in your, Judgments for an accomplish'd
Poet. as I am perswaded you are very khowing as
well as equitable Judges! For which Reason, Sirs, Lam

fond of presenting you with the very best of my Performances,
and about which I have bestow?d the greatest

Labour. You know. that in the first Comedy which bore -
this Title, 1 had the Mis fortune to be betray'd by Some
who abus'd/ their Authority, only to rob me of the (2)
Prize which was my due. Tis on this Account, Ino
complain, to all my honourable Judges among you, in an
ambition of pleasing whom alone I undergo the Fatigue
of Writing. You see well, Gentlemen, that this Partiality
has not prevailꝰd on me to except . you for my
Judges, . or to cease procuring you fresh Diversion; nor
haye | forgot the Approbation and Applauses you gave to
my (3) first Piece, without knowing the Author. As T
was then very Young, and (4) the Laws did not allow
me to own my First-born, 1 was constrain d to thrust it

OT EY Te

(1) This Prologue was by j Auila\ds, or the Cue; of
Aristophanes plac'd at the End which there are now ovly\some
of his first Act, bur as it is got mort Fragments exrant,prefery'
now Custotnary wich us to hàte in the Works of Swrda; and A-
ny thing interrupt the ourle | then.. Were
of the Theatral Action, once ( 4). The Athenians had a
begun; 1 have ventut'd, with | Law that prohibited any Poet
Madam Dacier, to prefix it to | to bring a Pla» on the Stage,
the Plast LE CE TEEN till he Was 30 or 40 Yeats ofa.

(2) When Ariflophanes exhi- | Ariftopbanes could not abstai;
bited his first Comedy of the from writing lo long, and h
Clouds, his Judges awatded the | got Cleonises and Callifirat#: twp
victory to one Amtipsias. of the Comedians, 10 Father

(3) The fit Piece he call'd Fit Plays,

WY 8 PUTS S 4 ; . , N 7 ws *
* 7 * 4 . by . d a 7 Y

— — The Pa O0LOG UB. 8
forth under the U of another Name, but it son
found a Father that brought it up, presented it to you, and
yeu vouchsaf d it your Smiles. To Day then, Sirs, this
new Piece appears on the Stage like a (5) second Electra, to
see if she can meet with her old Friends, whom the will
presently know, if she ance fers Eyes on the Lock of her

But examine her Conduct and Chastity; She
comes with no unseemly or ridiculous Habits to make the
Boyisn Witlings 3 does not amuse herself with ral. |

| 8 of Age; entertains you with no Dances
t shock your Modesty: Introduces no whimsical old

4 Don, that at evefy Speech plays at Quarter-staff with his

ö Cudgel, beats all that come within the Wind of it, and

2 so takes up the Audience with his wretched Buffouneries,

that they are prevented from remarking his infipid Rallenh

ries, and more flat Adventures that are of nv Consequence,
She does not come like ( 7 ) a Fury with her Flambeaus,
and fill the Scene with her Screams. In shor?, Sirs, she
comes before you, confidirg in ber Natiye Beauty and the

Force of her Detion. For my self, that might be proud

af the Composition, I am not vain, cr — 2 my Performance;

nor do I strive to deceive: you twice or thrice
ttle disguis d: I bring upon
the Stage always not only new Subjects, but such as

5 () The Poet alludes to the Hair, which the found on the
4 Tragedy of /£schyin; call'd che- Tomb, so this Comedy of the
Fes; wherein Electra, going Cloud; will own its. old Friends,
to make Libations on ber Fa- if it but perceives some Marks
2 ther Agamemnon' a Tomb, finds of that Apprabation they be-
2 Lock of Hair, which the is | fore gave its Brother, viz, his
perswaded ' must belong to her Comedy of The Guests.
brother oresfes, and that he was] (c) This Rub is meant on Ex
come to her Relief. The Po- | polis, who, in all his Comedies,
et here compares this Comedy | banters Baldhness,,
ro Electra; and his other Piece, N (7) The Poet does here, what
tall'd, The Guests, to Oreftts; || have altcady remark d in my
and rhe Apptobation they. bad jNetes on Plarss, rally the I-
LH iven it to that same Lock of | gick Writers for introducing Fu-
4 Nair: He says then, that as Lies with Torches,
SBilectra knew her Brother by his once

The PROLOGUE.
once foil'd (8) Cleon, I no more insult him: But our Nojices
in Comedy as soon as ever (9) Hyperbolus .
Occasion of a Qatrel, have been perpetually Licking at
the poor Scoundrel and his Mother. Expolis at first brought
dis (to) Marica on the Theatre, wherein he has had the
jnsolence to pillage my whole Comedy (11) of the Knights; - |
thinking he sufficiently disguis d his Theft by _— :
the Character of an old Damsel who caper'd to adishone So
Measure, with which he design'd to have diverted you.
Yet, my good Friends, (12) this old Damsel is got of bis
own Invention, but he has parloin'd Her from Phrynichus.
After Eupolis, (i 3) Hermippus like wile spet his Venom at Hyjrrbolus,
and all eur other Poets in Succession haye let them-
{:|ves loose on this poor Sufferer, but have continually
pursued the Ideas and Images I have given in my Knighes,
am content then, Sirs, that they who can laugh at their
Pieces, should not be diverted at mine; but if you can take
my Pleasure in me and my Invention you will make me
have a better Opinion hereafter of your Paste and Judgment.

1) Cleon dy'd about a Tear, f dy of Maries against Hyperbelwee
ay Months, aftes the Kepre- ( 11) Eupelss wrote a Pieces
sentation of this Piece; Arifo- | v herein he-would haveperswads -
planes writ his Comedy of the } ed the Audience, that he made
Knights against him. the Play of The Knights, and

(9) Hyperbolus was 3 Maker f had given it to Ariffophanes.
of Copper Lamps; to defraud | (12) Phrynichus, to make
his Customers, he mix'd up bis | his Audience laugh, introduc'd
Mettle with Lead. He was of in ong of, his Plays an old -
avile and i ot Character, who was to be deand
procur'd himself to be cho- | veur'd by a Sea Monster;from
sen General of the Athenians, | which Emupetis borrow'd his Iden
Nicias got him condemn'd by | of the old Damsel he inttodue c
the Ofracism; and the Athen:- | in his Comedy, calPd Marics,to
anf askam'd to have employ'd a- disguise the Thefts he had made
ainst so wicked and contempti- | out of Arifophancsy's Nie.
le a Man à form of Judgment, | Phrynichus was a Comick Poet,
which they had only us'd to- | contemporary with Ariflephanes,
vards Persons of considerable | There was another of this
vitth and Qualities, entirely a- Name, a Writer of Tragedy,
bol d the Oftracssas soon after | and the Schollar of Thespis:
Hyperbolus was kilPd at Samos, and! (13) This was the same Cotis
Carcass thrown into the Sea. | mick Poet who wrote against

(10) Eupolis wrote hisCome- | Pericles, " FO

| 3 2 Dramatis

8A KFS ESF KSK KF FASST

BEE 2% Fr

Dr: PT e natis Pe a sonæ 1

Strepfiad es, an old 2 nanbeie with 1 Dy
Phidippides, his S.. * "INN
Dromo, Boy to Strepsiades. e
Socrates, the Philosopher. _ _—
Chzrephon, his Friend. | 5 7 29 #4
Cenagoras, a Disciple of Socrates: Tennis
Chorus of Clonds. ee N n

Pasias,
Ampuis, 7 Two ename Srephades) y

Witnesses, Servants, &c.

n " $ a

en | Re

CL O U D 8.

AU m SEN

SCENE Strepsiades's. House ; at some simall distance
the House of Soctates, and at the bottom
part of the Scene a Prospect of Villages, Forests,
Mountains, &c. |

dtrepsiades and Phidippides distoverd in two Thuckle Beds. 3

S TREEPSTA DES.

2 the Nights are of! will it never
be Day-light again? I have heard
the Cock crow above these two Hours,
and my Rascals lie snoring still as if it

to serve me thus in quieter Times, bur
a Curse on this War, for a hundred

Reasons, but for nothing more than that it prevents me
< i (14) from

E1GHho!—My God, what a damn

were Midnight!-----They did net dare

IS The CL.ouDps .
| #* (14) from giving these bulking Dogs a little wholfome
ilcipline! And this goodly Son of mine, is he one
whit more wakeful than the rest of them but lies suoring
as loud as they, and rould up in ten sets of
Blankets.----Let me try, if ing my self up in my Bed,
I can bear a Bobb with their Nose-Instruments---but,
alas! tis not to be done; Fam so tormented with my
Cares, that I cannot compose my self to Sleep: The E.
pences I am obliged to be at, the Horses that 1 must keep,
and all the Debts that I have contracted for this notable
Son of mine, will not suffer me to close my Eyes. And
what yexes me still more, his whole Thoughts even in
his Sleep are taken up with dressiag his Steeds, and making
his r while I am tortur d with the
Anxiety of Interest going on, (15 the Moon just in her
Wain, and the Day of Payment Wmost staring me in the
Face, Ho! Within there Dramo. light up my Lamp
and give me my Account-book, 1'll take a Survey of my
Debts. There's 1201. to Pasias---How, 121. to Pasia'!
What could it be for? O, *twas when 1 bought the last
Crupper-mark'd Jennet, Dotard that I was, why did not
I pluck out one of my Eyes rather! 77 |
Phidip. #alking in his Sleop.] Hal Philo, that's foul play;
why, you cross me in 1 8
Strepss. O the Devil! the Devil ! here's what has ruin d
me; now does he dream himself at a Horse-race !
Phidip. still seep] How many Courses are those Wir-
3 — + courk Father qui
Strepss. By my , e your poor Father quite
out of his Senses. But let me consider, what Debt lands

. * (14) The Athenians were
then at Wat with the Lacedsmoni
ant; and therefore they dutst
not chastize their Slaves, for |
fear of their running over to |
Lacedamos.

© Phidip. flill asleep.] Pace that Horse round a

The Ciovntms -þ

riot- v

little upon
the Sand, and then carry him home. b

Strepss. You have very near pac'd me, good Gentleman,
out of House and Home; for I am up to the "Ears
in Debt, and shall soon have all my Goods fciz'd for their
Security. .

Phidy. waking.] What is the meaning, Sir, that you -
are thus restless, and have done nothing but tumble and
toss all Night long gs? 11 %

Strepsi. The Apprehension of a (16) Bayliff at my Elbow,
frights me out of my Slumbers, and almost out of

my Bed. :
?hidip. Pho!—-Give over fach Fears, and let me save
a little Sleep. |

Strepsi. O. pray oP by all means; but take notice
that all my Debts shall fall upon you: Ab! the Devil confound

that Witch of a Match- maker that coupled me to
thy Mother! —— Before that, I livd in my Farm with
Eise and Satisfaction, wore my Cloaths without consulting
of Fashions, could sleep on a bare Board, had my Hives
of Bees, my Flocks of Sheep, and my Qlive-grounds:
But since I was Fo ER take an Woman
from the City; in short, Grandchild of (17) Mege- -

Mt. Irs

— — ——_—_— —— „ — ub. * — CA

(16) I have translated this in. Anbentz it had in it three oi th
according te out Customs now ; | Name of es; the fixsi was
the Greek mentions a A,? | the Father of 4lcmeen, who mat- +
&, or Tribune ofthe People; | ried his tex to Pi rata?
e was the Principal Officer of | The second was. the Son-of
every Borough, took care to en- that Almen, who martied
ter all the Debts of his Pa- | Agarifis, the Daughter of c.
riio ers, kept a Register of | sen,, Tyrant of Sicyon; and had
them, and when any one refas'd | by her two Sons Hipecrates, and
to pay, made him give Pawns, | Clifthenes... The third Megaclesor
other Security. was the Son of this Hipocrates,
(17) The House of the Ar- and the Brother of that Ag
meonida was the mot Wastrious | risa, who. being ied. to

gert to that of Pasies? Three Pounds to Amynias for Chas -

Ba.

Ds Cats *

9 d il % a =

ö 1 L OU DS

cles of the Great Megacles! more nice and ambitions than the
stately (18) Cæsara, I that was a good plain Villager, bare be
not had a good Hour to boast of: When we were married r
and went to Bed together, I smelt of my Vineyard, my
Fruits, my Sbeep- sheering. and Husbandry : She, for her
part, of strong Essences, Orangerie Snuff, Coquetry, Luxury,
and high feeding: 1 will not say she was altogether
Idle, truly she took more pains than I would have had
her ;-- -so that I would shew her my Cloaths sometimes
and cry My Dear, you follow the business too hard; this
Coat will sexye me, and I desire no better.
x" TR © EBnuter Dromo, _

Dromo. Sir, we have no Oil in the Lamp,

Strepsi. Rascal, isn't it your own fault? Come hither,
and ler me pull your Ears soundly. 1
Dromo. For what, Sir? 7

Strepsi. Because you put too big a Wick, Varlet, that
has drum k up all the Oil; . [Ex. Dromo,] When the youn
Gentleman, my Son, was come into the World, my Spouse
and I had a great Debate, torsooth, how we should call
nim. She was for your sounding Names, such as Xantippus,
Charippus, or Callipides, and still run upon the hippus
or hippides, that he might at least have some pretence
to 'Horsemanship. I would have had him call'd Pheidonides
after his Grandfather: Well, *twas a long Controverfie,
we at length met one another half way, and agreed
tlat half of his Name should be taken from my Father
and the rest from those great Names of her Fancy, an
so we calld him Pheid-ippides. His Mother would fondle
and take him by the Hand, telling him, My Son, when
you grow up, you must make one at the Chariot-races,

Xantippus became the Mether , and „ Woman of 4
of Pericles. Arisiophanes pro- thens, she was the Daughter of
bably speaks of the last Mege- | the first Megacles, who married
cles, and then consequeatly | her to the Tyrant Pisistratw's
Strepsiad es married a Sister of Pe- | The Wife of Strepfiades was the
ricles. © | Great Grandchild of this C
[. s) She was the most lofty sura. be

The:CrovuDs
be dress'd in à Purple Robe, and enter the City in Triumph

like your Uncle Megacies I would ery to him,
my a. when you grow up, you shall do like your Father,
her bring up your Cows of an Evening, and be wrap'd about
mu. vith a good Leather Jerkin! But he would never folbw

my Counsels, he went Mad after Horses and ocky-
2d ing, and has intirely ruin'd me. Now I have been all this
es Night plaguing my self for some Expedient to deliver me
Nis from my Troubles, and at length I have nick d it infallks”,
7 bly; and if I can but bring him into this Project, it mull
take, I must wake him forthwith. But how shall I do
to rowse him agreeably? Phidippides ! — Son! Phiay-
75 Phidy,---- wake my little Phidippides! ER;
Phidip. What is your Pleasure, Father?
Strepj;. Kiss me, my Boy, and give me your Hand.
Phidip. Well, Sir, 'tis there; What is your Pleasure?
Strepsi. Tell me a little. do you love me, Child? ©
Phidip. I do love you by - Neptune, the Tamer of
Horses! — * n nb ed
Strepsi. Oh! — pray no more of that Horse-·taming
Deity; he has been the worst Friend 1 have: But if 50
do heartily love me, Son, follow my Directions
Phidip. What Directions would you have me follow-ꝰ
Strepsi. Change your manner of living, my Boy; and
learn something that I can tell you of. 6 %
Phidip. What would you have me learn?
Strepsi. But will you do it then? ,
Phidip. Most certainly, Sir. N
Strepss, Come rawze thee then, and mind me: (Phidip.
gets up.) Do you observe that little Door, and that little
House that belongs to it? 2 47
Phidip. I do, Sir; but pray what of tba???
Strepsi. That is the Mansion of Contemplation to those
great Philosophers, those wise Spirits that prove to us that
the Heavens are a large (19) Furnace which incloses us on

entiment of the Philosopher
Hippen ; fot it was he that first

(19) Ariftophanes attributes |
By every

to Philosophy in general the

gain.

10 The CLo ups.
232 and that we are the Coals and Fetvel of it;
These mighty Men, ä oh p og,
plead and carry Causes, whether right or wrong.
Phidip. Who are they?
Srrepss, 1 cannot be very punctual as to their Names;
but the are a'very honest sort of People, a
Thought md M itation.
Philip. Ah, Pox! I know your Men, Sir. Your Myll-
elll-talking, fac'd; bars focded Tribe of Animals,
have the ir-brain'd Sephecles and his good Friend

at their Head.
your peace, Boy, and don 2

that

ishly. But if you have an for your F
good, leave off your Horse-racing Trade, and become
one of them.

Phidiy. By Bacehns 1 vouldn't do it, tho 1 were to eat
nothing but Pheasants like (20) Zeogoras.
Strepsi. I beseech you, my Son, whom 1 love abore all
Mankind; permit your self to be instructed, |;

Philip. Infiru@tey! in what ? ;

+ Strepss, Why, tis said, they teach two aue sorts of
Rhetorick, one of a better train, the other more corrupt
in its kind; by which we ure accomplish'd to obtain
Causes of never such Injustice? Now if you will make
your self a Master of this latter Diale&, I shall not need
to pay one Farthing of all those Debt { have contradted
on your Account.

Phidip. I cannot comply tp thess Measures. For if 1
were once to grow so and lean as that Fraternity, I
ould never be able to in the face of wy Ch.

— —— atabebs —

said the Heaven was a Furnace, | his own Table. He miintait'd
Sc. Crates the Comick Poet has | the same Chatacter at ubs,
play'd on it in his Comedy | as Zwcullns did at Rome; and
eall'd Panopte, | Plats, the Comedian, has ral-
(20) Leogoras was so luxu- | lied him on this Account in
one of his Comedies. 3

nous 2nd choice in his Dyet,
that he bred up Phealants for

A Sos Tr

pl Fs
117. Then, mh you shall never eat à Morsel at
ge again; nor your Pads, and Saddle Horses: —

Aer rr tle eget toppers ;

1 — if ydu n
Phiarp. But the great M not let me go with--
out Horses; 1 go to Him; and 1 don't care an halfny.

—— [Exis Phidippides.
d Tho! I have fail'd in this „I will not be

altogether disheart'ned. But, invoking + Gods to my
Aid, will go to the Academy my self, and Rudy their
Curiosities. 3 ie being a 1 w_ old Sot, how

shall I comprebend the Subtletics of their great Learning? -

But why should I distrust my own Parts? Pl Cen knock.

Young Man! why young — —
[ Knocks, and appears
Ceinag. Who's that knocks below there? with 4 plague
to you
Strepsr. 1 am Strepsiades, the Son of Phidon, of the Burrough
of Cicymma, |
Cenayg. You are a
pondng wit your Heels at the Door without any manht
or Consideration: — Yon have made
me lose a Though: I had in my Head, with your confounded
g.
Strepsi. Excuse me, Dear Sir, for I come 2 great way.
But pray tell me, what Thought did I make you lose?
I mut not communicate those Agar, but do
Disciples.
Þ You muy wctiver to me without scruple, for l
come kn purpose to be a Disciple,
Cenag. Then 1 may disclose; but you must lock on
these things as Mysteries. Just now a little Flea bit Ch
rephon by the Brow, and from thence teap'd upon Socfa-

= 1 — ;. upon which Socrates starred. the Question to

of her on Fert, he 3
the lee little Beast co p at once.
9 But how was 1 K possible to measure?

Cenag.

stupid old Dunce, by Fove, to come

YT FL" 2

1% The Gio Uups!
Cenag;/ With a great deal of ease. He caused a. little
Wax to be melted, and having caught the Flea, dip'd her

Feet into it; and as the Wax grew cold, the Flea was
found. to have Boots on, which when taken off, they

without any trouble measur'd the space. of her Leap.

2 x Bless me, what a prodigious Subtlety of Conceit
Was this 2

Cenag. You - would be much more surpriz'd, if I

should tell you another nice Discovery. of Socrates.
What can it be? Pray oblige me with telling

Cenag. Cherephon having ask'd him, whether, the Buz

of a Gnat proceeded from its Throat or its Breech———

Strepsi. What Solution did he give of the point?

Cenag. He told him, that this little Animal has an Intestine

very strait, and that the Wind pasling with great
Violence, it of Necessity follows that the Backlide of the
Gnat should make this Noise.
Strepsi. Then the Backside of a Gnat is a notable Trumpet!
Oh, the charming Discovery! How happy is he that
was the Inventor of it! And with what Dexterity might
a Defendant baffle his Judgment, that did but know the
Dimensions of a Gnat's Posteriors !

Cenag. Once he was robb'd of à noble Thonght bye the
accident of a Cat. |

Strepss. As how, I pray?

Cenag. As he was 8 the Course and Cent
rence of the Moon, and looking up attentively to Heaven
with his Mouth open, a beastly nocturnal Cat, from the
top of an House, drop'd her Dung betwixt his very
Teet

Strepsi. Ha, ba, ha. how pleas'd [am that the Cat
8 shit into Socratess Mouth! 6

g. Last night, — he had nothing to eat for Supper.

Sree Godso! and by vin means . be 1

Cimag.

hy ew K

Cenag. Why, bending a Spit, he went to the Wrestling -

School; and there scattering some (21) fine-Ashes on a
Table, he set himself to making some Geometrical Figures:
And when the gaping Youths lent round the Fable,
and had their Eyes fix d on his Compass, | he, with
his crooked: Spit, slyly drew down one of the Coats that
hung on the Wall. hb e

Strepsi. After this, ho can we ad mire the wise (22) Thales
Come, come, directly open your Shop of Meditation, and
let me immediately see the Great Socrates: I am even Mad
tor his Instruction; Come, open at once: [ Cenagoras
opens the Academy, and the Philosaphers are discover d in several
Postures.] O Hercules! what are all these Animals?
r n
Cenag. Whence proceeds your Admiration? And to what
do you take them to be like NPE ©:
Strepsi. To the Prisoners of War we took at (23) Pyles, belonging
to the Lacedemonians: But why do they look upon
the Ground thus? = wx

Cenag. They search for what it has in its Bosom.

Strepsi. They search for Onions and Roots then. Good
Gentlemen, don't be so concern'd in this Affair, I can help
vou to numbers of fine ones, ——But what do they do,
that bend down so zealously ?

(21) *Twas the Custom to
make all Geometrical Figures
on Sand or Dust, which was
sprinkled on a Table.

( 25 He was one of the wise
Men of Greece, by Birth of Miletus,
and lived in the Time of
C ræsus. 2

( 23 ) There were three Towns,
called Pylos in Peloponesus; Þ y-
0; of Elu, upon the River Feneus;
Pylos of Nestor, upon the
River Am ithus; and Pylos of
Messene at the lower part of Pelopo
nesus, and right over against

the land ôphacteria: Aristo-

play'd,

phanes speaks of the last, and the
three hundred Prisoners that
Cleon brought to Athens, a.
mongst whom there were 26
Spartans. These poor Wietches
were very lean, and out of
Case thro? the scanty Provision

that their General Epitadut allow'd,

that he might be able to
hold out the Siege the longer z
and through the long lmpritons,
ment they had suffe d at. A-
thens, which” had been three
Years when this Comedy was

The CzxovoDys..

make Disquisitions into
Strepss. n. eee

Heavens? |
Crag. O. for the fake of learni
come in, a ge a —_

Strepss. No, no, don't let Alf ane them
ay "Till T have communicated a sma Asi 1
Quay. But they cannot stay so long in the Air. |
[Strepsiades enters with Cenagorss,
Streß. For Gods sake what are these?
Cenag. That is Astronomy.
Srrepsi. And that? f
Cenag. Geometry,
Srrepss. But what se is i it for ?
For the measuring of the Farth,/ 2
Strepss. What ? e
Victory : |
Cenag. Oh! no; the whole Universal Globe.
Strepfe Ay, indeed; you please me mij well with
this matter: What, shall we have the whole Globe shar'd
out then? What a prodigious Advantage will this Invention
be to People!
Cenag. Here is the Round of the whole Earth now;
d'ye Te? Here ties A .
Strepsi. What do you mean by that? I don't believe a

word of it, for I can't see one Judge fitting on a Bench

Cenag. It is very true however, and here is the whole

Ny of Dt
7 . are my Townsmen the

4. Why there; and here is Elles; observe what

an extent chat Istend has

Srrepss, I know it; our (24) Penis, to0k out ' vet

(24) There is a world of — iethenls of thei

„ in the * 1 Cherephon talks * the

severs Extent against that Land. bur where is Za

mon 4 va | * P * | a by

cy Take care en- to ore it 4 a good way

Coney: That's impossible, - Dr AE be
59 much the worse for you 4 N

— ; "who is that aloft yonder pereh'd LE

Tis he himself — Fe

Strepss N.

Crag ur — Good nov call to him as loud as you
can for me,
Cenag. No, call to him your self z" I am not at leisure,

bras.
Strepss. Hem!—— Hem !—» Socrates? 65% li 86 «Fs

Socrates * above.) What would't thou, Mortal

Caitiff ?
Stress. First and foremost tell me what you're a doing

Socra. I Expatiate in the Fields of Air, and contemplate

the Sun.
Strepst. And so aloft in your Basket, you despise the

Gods. But be free with me, when you hee Be NS

your Thoughts are not so elevated?
Socrat. Fis most strictly true; 1 * so thro

netrated into the Celestial Operatio =
alted my IntelleQuals, and tered rarified 25 A (ts

this free and homogeneous Communication with the purer
Air: For the Earth, and attempting the Con-

the Appearance
and Strepfiades underfiands by dy, Perveles had |

the Word Extemt, the severe — gubjection, and the Poet
— that Country was loaded

h. Twenty sous Tears

before | with e and Exactions.

Strepss.- God's my Life! dis within a Finget's bredtb

oackes the in.

1 WY - TY 1

ies * nt . 2 .
by - V * * * *
8 1 A. 7 % * waer
A » . = Le yy %

16 De CO tovDp

templation of these high Notions, it is imposlibleto make

any clear Discovery; for in spite of all we can do, the

Earth attracts to herself the EMuvia and vivid Exhalations

olf the Spirits; as your Nasturtinm docs the same by eyery

near it, 5 | | 8

Streß. How! Does your Nasturtium attract the vivid

Exhalations of the Spirits to itself; Prithee, my little

dear Socrates, come down from your Altitudes, and give

me a little Insight into the Things I came about.

Socrat. And what did you come about? 9

[Here Socrates lets himself down in the Backet,

Strepss. 1 would he taught a Spice of Rhetorick ; for I

am involyed with my Debts, and furiously. tormented by

my Creditors, and every Day am oblig'd to give them

Pawns and Securities. |
Socrat. Why, could you grow indebted to such a Degree,
and dats (4 sensible how it went with you ?
Strepss. O I was taken with a violent Fit of a Horsemalady;
a most consuming Distemper. Therefore teach
me with all Expedition one of your Slights, by Which I
may make it appear, that how deep so eyer Iam in Debt,
I don't owe a Copper Farthing in the World: And I protest
by the Gods, I will satisfie you to your Heart's Cor
tent. 4 2 9
Socrat. But by what Gods do you swear? for, you
must understand by the way, that with us your (25)
Gods are not good Standard. VN 8
Strepst. How do you swear then? By your Iron Coin,
as the People of Byzantium do? TERS 1)
Socrat. Would you be thoroughly instructed in the
Celestial Sciences? ES
Strepsi. Yes, by Fove, if there are such things.

Sd — * -% 2 ew _ +

25) Arisftophanes hereby gives , duced the Worship: of new and
5 to pet been. rk unknown Deities. Socrates anagainst
Socrates, that he denied swers to this in the Apology of
the Gods of — | Plate,” D. 1

ng | | ; ran.

Ran Oh
Socrat Would you hold Discourse with the Clouds, gur
(26 ) Goddesses? x |

Strepss. O yes, 1 shall be pleased above all things with

Socrat. Very well then, fit you down on this Consecrated
Couch. BL e my
Strepsi. Ay, with all my Heart. [Sits down,
Socrat. Take this Garland, | . |
Strepss. Why that Garland ? Dear Socyates, you don't
mean to make an (27) . Athamas of me, and cut my.
Throat ? |
Socrat. O, be not frighted; these are Ceremonies that
must be comply'd with by all that are initiated to our
Mysteries. h 7 |
Strep/s. But what Good shall I get by all this? cop
Socrat. You shall grow more practis d and beaten in
your Affairs, it you will be but patient, than an old Traye.ler
in his Road. 1
[Socrat. claps several Stones on Strepliades's Head i way
of Ceremony _ | |
Strepsi. Ves, by Fove, if this rugged Institution were ta
bold long, I should be more beaten and bruised too in
my Affairs than I am fond of being. SO dg
Socrat. Reverend old Sir, you must now obserye a profound
Silence, and with all your Attention listen to my
Invocation, — Thou Infinite and Unmeasurable Air,
Great King, whe keepest the Earth suspended, and gird'st
it round on every side! Thou Bright Æther, and ye awful
Goddesses, the Clouds! ye formidable Mothers of the

(26) Ariffephane; making So- | Athamas, in which that King
crates say that the true Deities | was represented standing near
vith the Philosophers are the | an Altar, with a Garland on
Clouds, would insinuate that | bis Head, and going to be Satheir
Knowledge is but Smoke | crificed ; but Hercules came in
and wind. s che Nick, and rescued him from

(27) Strepsiades here alludes | that Danger, 5
to a Tragedy of Sepbecles call'd | dds

Thunder,

af Je Griovas
Thunder, gather our selves, and appear transparent ent to him
that wishes to be yo Disciple. l 5

Strepsi. Hold, hold, don't be too hasty 1 |
Dew been t too much for me, What an unlucky Dog
dns I, that 1 did not bring something extraordinary to
wrap my self in. n |
Socrat. Advance ye honoured Clouds, and ent your
selves. to his Eyes, whether now you are on the Icy Summet
of Divine Olympus, whether you-are dancing withthe
Nymphs in the Gardens of the Ocean your Sire, or drawing
up the Water in your Golden Urns at the Mouths of
Nyle: In fine, whether you are at the Marsh of Metis,
or on the Top of Mimas, cover'd with Eternal Snow,
— hear my Oraisons, and receive our Sacrifices with
avour.
_ [Here the Chorus of Clouds descend, consisting of Women
dres#dm Balle the brightest 22 (28) who
song as they come down in their Machines. .
Socrat. Most venerable Clouds! You have most evident-
my Pray'rs: And did not you, Neighbour,
hear their Divine Voices, and the rattlings of the (29)
Thunder? 1 Sh |
Strepss. O, I reverence the great Goddesses, and am so
terrified with the Rumblings they have made, that. I must
needs give em a Salvo of my Counter. Thunder; 1 dont
know whether it is altogether so respectful as it shouldbe,
but it has work d so potently on my Faculties, that I mult
een let fly, do what I can. 3
Socrat. Be not too jocular and vile, like our Paultry
Comedians that dawb their Faces with Elder-berries; but

26) Ihave ventured to leave lish. comed x.
Ml. ey Den the Chorus sings | 70. ) They 2 behind their
in the Acts, as well as the In- Scenes a great Brazen Vessel
termedes at the end of the | filled wich Stones, which oy
Acts; because 1 conceived such | employ'd in their Plays to imi-
Odes would :clih but ill in an | rate the Thunders. Ta

such?

o md . 1 p -
ö N i 4 .
The CL 0 UDSs. 1
LL * 1 WV * - —

ire Attention; for the Sacred Train delight in siaging
Hes the Chorus sang again
Stragsi. In the Name of Wonder, Socrates, I beg you to
tell me who are these rare Women that sing so curiously,
are they some Heroines? FS

Soerat. No, they are the Celestial Clouds, the Great

Deities of the Unactive: are the Divinities which

ive us Knowledge, Sense and Eloquence ; that teach us |

rodigious things which we utter! Those Cir-
— thats Paradoxes, and all the incredible and
surprizing things that we invent. |
Strepss. As soon as ever I heard em, my very Heart
leap'd with Joy; I burn with Impatience to learn their
most subtle Arguments, to Philosophize it on the Leg of
a Flea, to reason upon Smoke, to oppose Argument to
Argument, and always confound the Premisses. 1 17 *
— desire to have a Sight of these Goddesses, if it be
ONidie, |
4 Socrat. Cast your Eyes this way towards Mount (30)
Parneta; for I see the Goddesses come sweetly failing a-

long. |

Where, I bescech you? Shew me. -

Soerat. See there, in a grear Company ; they come a-
Naung b the Vallies and the Forrests,

Stress. What can be the reason that I cannot have 3
glimpse of them? |

Socrat. See, they are just at hand.

_ © Strepss. I scarce yet begin to discern them.

Sucrat. You cannot fail of seeing them, unless you are
Stone Blind. | |

Strepss, Oh, now I certainly see them, for they fill the
whole Room. Ye great and venerable Goddesses!
Socrat. Did you not know, and believe they were

(30) We must not confound |Mountains, the fist in n,

Stregsi a ö

Tarnets with P w, they | the other in Phocis,
are the Names 3 by

10 The CTO Ds.

Strepsi. No, 1 test; 1 look d upon them only to de 2
Fog and a New, F a gloom Shadow. _.
© Socrat. You did not know then that they feed our So-
Phisters, Fortune: tellers, Physicians, your Effeminatedressing
Coxcombs. Dithyrambick-Mufick- Spoilers, your |
Men that labour after new-coin'd Words of Sound, but
Emptiness; for they Compose in Honbur of these" Godsses.

Strepsi. Tis upon this Account they have called them
(31) Your moving Mountains wasted by the Winds!
Etherial, liquid Birds that swim in Air; And Show'rs, the
Tears distilłd from DewyClouds!——and all that.
Don't they deserve to be fed with WGOdcocks and Butter'd
Salmon for these Noble Flights?

Socrat. Nothing more reasonable.

Strepsi. But pray, inform me; if these are . Clouds,
how comes it that they so A resemble Women, and
yet are not so? |

Socrat. What are they then? f
Strrepsi. 1 cannot say positively, but I think a like

great Flocks of Wooll whirling along in the Air; and by
my Troth, not a jot like Women: hese however have
good lusty Noies.

Socrat. Now answer me a Question, or so.

Strepsi. Come on, put your Queries. *

Socrat. In looking upon the Sky have you never {een a -
Cloud resemble a Centaur, a Leopard, a Wolf,” or a
Bull? | 9

Strepsi. Ay, a thousand times at least ; well, webe does
that imply?

Socrat. They assume whatever Shapes they think ft,
If they see one of your Savages with long Hair and a

shaggy Tail, like the Son. of ( 32 ) Xenophontes, to deride
his Mcdness, they take the Form of Centaurs.

© (31) These starch'd — Cleomenes.

the Poet introduces by way of | (32 ) This was | Bier
Kaillery to the Dithyrambick | the Dicbyrambick Poet. |
ITE Gnefias, Philoxenus and 4

The ClLlouns 22
Strepsi. And when they see (33) Simon that has-robb'd
the Republick, what do they then; l ha
Socrat. To describe, his Nature and Manners, they change
themselves into Wolves. Parts bat
Strepss: Ho! ho! then it was by the same Reason yester-
day that when they saw (34) Cleonymus, they turn d
themselves into Stags. OT .
Socrat. And at this Instant do you obserye? Because
they see (35) Clisthenes, they are transformed into Women.
Wa hg - | 25
Strepsi. Good Morrow to yon, worthy Goddesses, I
kils your Hands; and if you have ever vouchsafed to break
Silence at the Request of a Mortal, I conjure you to shew
me the same Grace, and give me a Taste of your sweet
Voices. Tt | |
Chorus. Good Morrow to you, old Gentleman, that
have been so long on Earth, and yet hunt after Wisdom+
And likewise tp Thee, thou Master of the most subtle Trifles,
tell us what you would request, for of all the Sophists that
Discourse of Meteors, . thou and (36) Prodicus are the
only Ones we are fond of obliging. Prodicus, because of
his Great Wisdom and nice Accomplishments; and Thee,
because thou traversest the Streets with a lofty and Majestick
Air, throwing thy Eyes from one side to the other;

(33) This Simon was a 0 of the principal Men of 4
phister, and a Collector of the thens, much inveigh'd against
Subsidies; Eupoli in one of his for his Effeminacy and soft
Plays has reptoached him with | Course of Life. |
Tnefts, and particularly accuses | (36) Arifophanes has no dehim
of robbing the Trealure of | sign here of praising Prodicws, |
Heraclea. A» but he does it the more to en-
( 34 ) Cleonymws had in some | rage Socrates, in setting. him on
Engagement thrown away his | the level with this Sophist of
Buckler; and all the Poets of tes, who was so vain and conthat
time took care to have a | ceited of bis own Knowledge,
fling at him for the Cowar- | that he would net communidice.
240 ana. HI WER | cate the lea st Trifle gras.
(35 ) This chene was one * Pagers 3 4

22 The Crovnes

that thou often submittest to walk barefoot, and veel
| 3 Respect and Honour.
Great Fove! What Harmony of Voice! How

——_ and prodigious !

Socrat. These alone are Goddesses; and all besides is
Foolery and Nonsense. > a 1

Serey/;, But Ol mpian e, t me is not
wise a God f oY

Socrat. What Fove.! Don r harbour such Impertinences,
for there is no such thing as Fove.

Strepss. What do you say! How have we our Rain then!

Pray fatisfie me to that Scruplej——

Secrat. From these Goddesses, and I'll prove it to *
by substantial Reasons. Give me leave; Who ever
Rain without Clouds? If it were that God which nad
it Rain, we then must have Showers in serene and clear
Weather,

Strepsi. You have touch'd this Matter with a great deal
of Nicety; and till I heard your Arguments, I tho a
verily that, whenever it rain d, ove had piss'd throug
Steve, But inform me who is it that Thunders, 0 .
thing that scares me most terribly.

Socrat. Tis these Clouds that make that Noise in their
rowling,

By what means, thou most advent rous

85 2 When they are full of Water, and that, banging
in the Air, they can no longer support their own Gravity,
of Consequence they must fall one on the other,
and burst asunder: And ts this forcible Shock that makes
the Noise we hcar. * an
6. Burt is it not t nd than is
and 1 asunder? *
Socrat. *. Us the (37) Etherial 1

19522 — 1 12 attribares i Sentiment of 22 who

be CLOUD & ; 23

5. Etherial Impulse y Jingo, that's a Deity T
never of before. What, he fx is no Foe,
but Etherial Impulse governs in his stead ? However you
have not thoroughly convinc'd me about this same Thug»
der and its rattling. - | | |

Socras. You have not thoroughly co what”
aid. 1 tell you that the Clouds being replete with -
Water an 2 one upon the other, make that rumbling
by reason of their Condensity. . %% 9
Strepsi. Pray, how can I be brought to the belief of
this?

Socrat. I'll make you understand it, by your own
Body. At the time of our General Feast, when yen
have over-stuffed your self with Soup, if you do but flir
your Belly, is there not an immediate Croaking in your
Guts? a | |

Strepsi. Oh yes, by Phæbus, a most Notorious Rumbling
2 The Provant, that swells me out, makes
a terrible hollow Report, and for all the World like Thunder:
And not to dissemble the matter, Poop! goes my
Belly first, and then Poop-ate-poop!. And when I go to
Ache the Cause of this Tempestuous Doings, cut it
flies with a surprising force, exahl y as from these Goddesses.
8 |
Socrat. Well then, collect a little, that if so much
Noise can issue from so small a Concavity as your Belly.
how much more terribly ought the Air to resound, whose
Extent is so vast. . You see the whole Difference lies ia
— and Proportion, EA EE

Strepsi. But, pray now, w ightning
that we see 45 that burns us when we 12 struck,
and that sometimes does but lightly touch us? For it
scems Demonstration to me, that Fove darts it on the
Impious and Perjur d. e f 3 4%

Socrat. Why, thou foolish frantick old Sot! If Fowe
darted the Lightning on the Impious and Perjur d, Would
he not have burnt Simon, Cleonymus and Theorus to a Citlder?
On the contrary, tis on the very Temples of this

Deity

\ * A F

24 The CL o ups.

Deity that it most frequently salle, on the Consecrated
Promontory of Swnium, or the tallest Oaks, And where.
fore is this, when an Oak is neither Impious nor Per.

Jurd? |
Serepss. I cannot tell, but 1 think your Reasons hape
much Probability, But what is this same Lightning?
Socrat. When a dry Wind is lock'd up ina Cloud, and
blows it up like a Bladder, it in the end splits the Cloud
by its Vehemence, bursts out with Impetuolity, and is set
on Fire by the Rapidity ot its own Motion.
Strepss. By my Soul, I have had Experience of that
very Effect, and 'did not think of it. One time during
the Feast of Fupiter, as I was broiling the Entrails of 4
victim for my whole Family, and having put them on
the Fire without opening, immediately the Wind that
was in one of the Guts grew hot, burst its way out,
pre in my Eyes, and scalded all one side of my

ace. | x |

Socrat. O Thou that art Ambitious like us of acquiring
ned eng and Wisdom, how happy shalt thou be a-
mongst the Greeks and Athenians, if thou hast but Memory
and Application, and can'st bur undergo the Fatigue
If you are neither tir'd with standing nor walking, it
you can bear Heat and Cold, never make a Concern of
Dinner-Time, if you can abstain from Wine, bodily Exercise,
and the other Impertinencies of the World; in
short, if you are entirely convinc'd, as a Man of Sense
ought to be, that nothing is more glorious than to vanquish
your Adversaries by the force of your Elo-
QUENCE. ; * |

Stress. If you were to look out for one of Resolution,
of Patienee to bear Pain and Labour, and could know how
to live on a' Flint, you- would need to give yourself no
further trouble, but I am your Man; there is no Indiyidual
thing that you may not do with me; if you would
make an Anvil of my Back, tis entirely at your Service.
y 2 .

Socrat

The CLOUD Ss. 25
Sbocrar. You will not believe then for the future that
there are any other Deities but those we acknowledge,
that is to say, the Chaos, the Clouds and Hoquence?
| | 7:

Strepss. Depend it; and if I were to meet the o-
ther * in my Walks, I would not so much as speak
to'em, not make em the least Sacrifice or Libation, nor
so much as offer a Grain of Incense to them. .

Choy. Inform us then with - Boldness what you would
have, for if you honour and admire us, and study to
— a Learned Man, we will refuse you no Revest,

ö
Strepsi. Most mighty Goddesses! Vouchsafe me then
immediately à little trifling Boon I haye to beg, which
may. surpass all the Greeks in Eloquence by an

Chor, We grant it; and from this Moment there shall
not be an Orator in Athens that shall plead Causes of the
greatest Moment comparable to Tou.

Strepss. Nay, as for Causes of the est Moment,
am not very sollicitous about them: but — in matters
that relate to my self 1 would have the Skill to pervert”
the Law and jo my Creditors. 1 |

Chor. Your wishes are not Extravagant, they shall be
answer d; only submit your self to the Discipline of our
Servants, and odey them.

Strepss, I will do as you command, for my Necessit
obliges me; and what with my Horses and my Wed
I am absol undone. From this Instant let them do
what they will with me; I give my self up to their Tuition,
to be drub'd, stary'd, choak'd, cloath'd in Tatters,
nip'd with the Frost, or scorch'd from Head to Foot, so
that I need not pay my Debt. And tho every one
that meets me in the Street, are pleas d to call me Insolent,
prating - Fool, Brazen-faced, Impudent, infamous
Lyar, forger of Words, crafty Fox, wicked, hypocritical,
nelly, Gallows loo d, 2 ih meaning old _

The C LO. D'S, \

they spall have their way; and make 4 Supper for my

Instructers out of my Small guts into the Barga: D
Socrat. This Man is of a staut Heart, and capable of the!

greatest Attainments.— He is no lazy Sauntrer, but al- g.

ways ready for Labour: Knew then that in learning from D
me what you covet, you will acquire a Nr amoag¹ bt
Men, that will lift you up even to the Stars. |

Strepsi. What shall come to me then? a 37 ti
Socrut. You shall pass the Remainder of pour fn be
me, and lead a Lite that shall be 'the ay Aura .
kind.

Steph. But when shall 1 see all this ? 9

Socrat. Tou shall have every Day at your Door Crowds

of People that shall come to Discourse you, ro ask your

Counsels in Affairs of r, and that wi 'Please you

at your Heart.

Quer. But begin to give the good Man 1 Lessohof your

intended Instruction; Found his Capacity, and Fn pe

what he is fit for. l
Sacrat. Come on then; let me into FA: Handy:

little; that having a more perfect Knowledge of you, 1

may see what new Machines I must make ule of. 0
Stretsi. What do you talk of Machines, do you design

to take me by Storm? di
Sacrat. No, but I mean to put Lou to the Oelen,
and see what sort of Memory you have.
Stressi. Nay, 1 have tivo sorts of Nemories, by TE!
If any body is in my Debt, I remember it admirably; N
if J am in Debt to any body, I haye the most treact 150 an
Memory in Nature. 1
Have you any Natural Disposticn to Elo- K
uence se:
Szrepss, I cannot boast of. my Disposition to Thad, 1
but 1 have a notable Disposition to Knavery. Rs
Socrat. How then can you propose to learn? Ma k

Strepsi. Don't trouble your self upon that account ed
Socrat. Take care, when J discourse to you of eile

things, that you conceive me readily. Mi

Strepss,

The C Lo Dos. 7

Strepsi. What, must I gobble down the Seien cel, as 2
Dog does his Dinner?

Socrat. What an ignorant blockish Fellow is this! My
good Friend, I am strongly afraid ; ou will want 2 good
Drubbing. Hold a little, what would you do, if you. were
beaten ?'

Strepsi. Take the beating which when J had born son ;
time, I would take my Witnesses, and the next 1 woulk
be to bring my Action of Batter 7x.

Socrat. Come on; pull off your Coat, priend. WD.

Serepsi. Have I committed an Error? *

Socrat. But tis the Custom to enter all naked.

Strepsi. But you may look under my Coat, if 1 have
hid any thing; that (38) I do not come to. ransack_. your,
House, and search for a Thief. | 5

Socrat. Takte it off; why this Trifing?

Strepsi. Pray tell me this tho“; if Tam Diligent arid Erpt
„ my. Lessont which of your Bech Mal
rese 'F
Socrat. — will extreamly resemble Cherephin 2

Strepss, O the Devil! Then shall 1 have the ResbinBlatice
of one half Dead. =

Secrat. No, no; don'r be iwpertinent, only follow mo.
directly, and baste to lustruætion. Sq'y so nnr

TURRETS 03 $50 9999

1. bl „ , 17 9100 4 TT ©
3 4 » "Dd Ou "WWF Wi & * * — * 4 * . = 5 7 1 > ©
rr FE : 75 77 3

(38) It was 1 155 CPE hicasal, on aNa 2

that 2 oi was robb'd, as pr or a 22755 Gun

and beliey'd he had found the | without a Girdle, and tooꝶ an
where the Thief was de chat he was in so

#1 ous'd, he might go and de- | surance of hen he che, Thee

dare that he . to male his
appeal to

4; search, - But as this gave way Ince,
tomany 5 and Oppor- | the E his 3 Kae make
tunit ies of affronting the ? — an Estimate of his Loss, and
of the House,” by carrying in | the Party Cast was to pay dou-
4 the Goods thithec * pretend - ble the Sum of that Estimate.
dato look after; the Person | The Roman took this from the
that search'd was ©. to be ad- Greeks, and call'd it, Quarere

muted *rill he entirely strip'd n per lancem & licium.

self to Knowledge, and Matters that require all the vigour
and sprightliness of Youth!

Foul of the deceas'd Prophet, | look d
and continued to go thither | Humour, He's just come from

28 The C o v.

argh. You should gire me first a (39) Cake of Honey
into my Hand: What horrid Apprehensions have I of en.
tring thither! I can't help thinking, I am going down into

Trophonius's Cave.

Socrat. Go in; what do you keep such a boggling at
the Door? ; 5 |

Choy. Go, pull up a Resolution, and hope the best:
May all Prosperity attend this good Man; who, tho' prese'd
—— the burthen of Age, has {till strength to apply him-

[Socrates: and Strepsiades enter the School : the Ghorms.sng
daring the Interval of the AG. |

(39) This Passage is extreme - 0 theit own Securiy. Now Ari-
Jy pleasant, but to understand | fophanes here compares Strate:
2 its Wit, tis neceflary to | to Trephonius, his House to the
know that Trepboniss, a Man | Den of that false Prophet, his
reedy of Glory, built a little | Disciples to the Serpents that
in Bavti« under Ground, | fill d it; and Strepfiades wants
whence he pronounc'd Oracles : | an Honey Cake, to protect him-
This Den was much celebrated | self from the Meagre Students:
throughout Greece, and resorted | There is one thing more te-
10 from every side. After the | markable of this Den, that those
Death of Trephonins, it became | who had been once in it, were
only an Ha for Serpents. | never seen to laugh for the su-
The Superstitious Yulgar be- ture z this occasion'd a Proverb,
liey'd these Serpents to be the which was applicable on such as
Chagrin and in an ill

with the same Devotion. But | Trophminss Den: This still adds
those that went down into the | to the pleasantry of this Pal-
Den took care to carty Cakes | sage, because of the serious and
ef Honey with them, which | compos'd Visages of Socrates
they threw to the e | and his Disciples, . - |

I hens aaa,

The CLo ups.

ACT u. SCENE I.
Euter Socrates and Sttepsiades. gn

recrat. JO! 1 protest by the Chaos, Air and Respiration?
that I never in my Life have seen a Man of
equal Grosiness and Stupidity; so sottisn and forgetful! * __

the most simple and common things that I reach him, he
forgets before he has scarce” learned: I will not neglect
however to call him to the proof. Strepfiades come forth,
and bring your little Couch with you, .
Strepsi. I cannot do it for this Purititure that is about

Sxcrat. Make haste, do as I bid you, and attend to my

lnstructiur e

Strapsi. I am ready, __ | 8

Socrat. Come on; What are you for beginning with,

and what would you learn, speak; would you be for

knowing Measure, or Verse, Harmony or Cadence?
Strep

tity of two Pecks. . |
Socrat. This is remote from my Question; 1 would

know of you which Measure appearsthe most beautiful, the

Trimeter, or Tetrameter. | n n

O, Measures, by Jingo; for Yesterday the esl.
man with a World of D-xterity cozen'd me of the quan-

Strepss. Trimeter,. or Tet-e-ra- meter! No, by my Soul, f

think the three Bushel Measure.
Socrat. This is not an Answer —- ©

Strepsi. Not an Answer ? Why then you would infer

— your Tet· e ra meter contains more than three
ushels. „ e A: | 461
Scrat. Go, your self sor an Incorrigible old Dull

Head! —— But perhaps you vyill sooner learn the Harmony

and Cadence ?

Strepss. But will your Harmony and Cadence make the

Por boil?

C 3 Socrat.

30 The Crowns. a
Socrat. They will make you agreeable in Com
and by en you will poof — Measure .
Hoc and which in Dactyls. 150
Strepsi. But 'm not very fond of these Curiofite,
Socrat. What are you for Learning then?
Strepsi. The Method of making the worst Cause i in Na.
ture good, and of rendring black white.
Ssͤocrat. But you must learn some other things a Preparatives,
grow acquainted with Animals, to know which
are the (46) Males,
Soak Pho! must know that direQty, if Lam
not Mad, or a Fool. Vour Males are the Ram, the Goat,
the Bull, the Dog, the Cock, and all that.

Socrat, You must likeyvise know the Genders of 8
so tar as to distinguish the Names of Men from those of
Women.

Sͤtrepsi. I know panticulacly well which are Women!
Names. *

Socrat. Let me have proof of that's "3% Ne

Stretsi. Why Lucilla, Philinna, Clicagors, Denutrig.

Socrat. And the Men's Names.

Seni, Ill tell you a thousand, Philouenas, aui, 4

. © thou most Wretched Als! These, are not
Bow: s Names. |
Strepsi. No! 7
Socrat. No, and to convince you, has (41) arme
ee for a Mane? -

Ariflophanes I this wise 8 uage is not fur
ot) a 22 with Socrates, | nish'd with E guage Terms to
which was of 2 out to | make its Sense intelligible.
things very remote wy the] (At) This Amynias was the
Subjc& he treated of: I have "Archon for that Year, as has
made bold to shorten this Dia* | already been temark'd.. He was
logue concerning Masculines and | as infamous and. Knien FI
Femigines, because yery little Cleonymus, - |
and that like- ;

TEE © 007009 31

5. By my Conscience, he has not, now I. recollect.
25 e whenever he went to the Army, he would throw
away. his Buckler But wherefore should we amuse our
selves with what we both so well know already? =
Socrat. Thou doest the an Mators, 25 Kue. bur
come, lie down there. |
Strepss. To what ead? _
Socrat. To think and meditate a tl on your Af.

fairs.

Strepfs. ©, nay, if 1 must lie down to medias pray
let it be "pen. ch the Ground.

Socrat. No, I tell N I must have you repose on
that Couch.

Strepsa. What an W Ges 11. Wbat haye i done |

to merit the Persecution, of all those Troops of Vermin 644.

that are. incamp'd. on that Couch? ;

Socrat. Compose your self to instant eic os |
weigh well whatever presents itself to your Thoughts;
turn your self often from one side to the other; and it
any Notion starts that you cannot easily/ reconcile, and
clear to your Imagination, relinquish it at once, and end:avour
at a Better; but particularly guard against Drowsiness,
nor let the Composition of your an benny you
into a Slumber.

Strepss. Ods- ble ws! |

Socrat. What ails you? wherefore these Oweries?

Strepss. These damn d m. (42) Corinthians _ 14> 4 |

me mad almost. | , .
Socrat. Patience Patience, my Friend.
Strepjs. What Patience can I have? They nipp me on
the Sides, march about all my Quarters, crawl | in. to *

— Mu. 4 — the

( 42) The wit of Strepsiades | rinthians at that time were to
in this Passage is double; he | Arhensz and belides this the

calls the, L and Bugs Corina | ward iges, which signißes tbe

thians, hecaus e they were as | Vermin, makes a good-part of
tioublesom to him, as the - the xe,

C4 Trownm

2 = — * 1 WS
1 g a N b * - * * * . 5 , "Ws : >
is * * 0 . * A; * K ” A £ , » F Y : * * . * * . —- N ' * *
E Y . . p * * *
a w * & 7*
© aF 5 ; K N Fe 9 | X

Sirepfs. Alas! bur how hall J find those Stratagems un-

Socrat. Inform me, what you would desire to find.

32 . The Clou DS.

Trowlsers, and almost tezze me to Death. Besides, my

(43) Mony's gone, my Blood almost drunk out, my Con
and. Shoes taken away, and to compleat my Misfortunes,

12 am half dead with over watching.

Secrat. So- ho there! what are you doing? Won't you
Compose your self to Meditation?

Strepss. By Neptune, T am meditating 2s hard as 1

Socrat. And what are your Meditations come to, what
have you thought of ?

Srrepss. I have been chinking, whether the Fleas won't
eat me quite up.

Socrat. A pox confound you!

Strepss. Nay, I am in a confounded way already,

Socrat. You mult not be so squeamish and effeminate,
but lye down and pull the Quilt over your Head. Tour
Business is to find some Shifts and Stratagetns how'to defraud
your Creditors.

der this Coverlet
2 What can he be a doing! Ho, there; what, &

8 Not a wink, by Phobus.
Socrat. Have you devis'd nothing yet ?
Strepsi. Ne, by my Soul.
Socrat. What, nothing?
Strepsi. Nothing, as | hope to live.
Socrat. Will you not cover your self over, and find
something?

srrepsi. What would you bave me find-? Inform me,
Socrates,

(6 The poet would infi- j they had firipp'd 1 "to get
nuate, that Socrate, had made — Mony with his Cloaths. |
has yl rent or that A

The Co U DS. 33

I have, 1 believe at least a thousand times,” 1
would find some Expedient not to pay my Deb.
Socrat, Take Heart then, and cover your selt up. Disengage
your Thoughts from all Foreign Matter, apply them
closely to the Subject in hand, search, examine, and di-
{pose your Contemplations. 129
Serepss Wretch that Iam! -
Socrat. Lye still and be quiet if you 2 your

account in your first Thought, be not too stifly wedded to

it, but abandon it, and meditate something else; exert
your whole Faculties, resume your Idear, and turn and
wrest them till they serve your purpose. .
Strepss. O my dear little Socrates. =
Socrat. What say'st thou, old Man?
Strepsi. By my Faith, 1 have thought of a kalle N
Socrat. Let's hear? e
Strepsi. Hold, tell me one thing first, N
Socrat. What is ii?
Strepsi. If 1 could hire a (44) Thessalian Witch, and b by
her Art draw down the Moon by Night into my Hand,
then clap it into a Caso, like a Pocket Looking-glass, and

keep it close.

Socrat. What Advantage wou'd yo draw. from
thence? |

Strepss. Why if the Moon was never to pper no more}
I should pay no more Interest, |

Socrat. How so?

Strepss. Because tis paid b 7 the Month ; and chery could
be no more Months, if we had no more Moon.

Socrat. Mighty well! but Il make you another Propo- |
sition more feizible; than thar. If you were adjudg'd. to
pay. a Fine of five Talents, how would you a0 to come
off roms the * | |

{ 44 ) The Thesalian Witches; had k -Power by chaie 1ochanes
were counted the-most expert, ments to draw the Moon |
They made People believe they * Stars from the Firmament.

5 ? ä " a * j er * — —
by Vw — , - © 4 7 % £Y i * *
© : 4 af N MW * you 12

4 Strepss. How ee do? V Fove, [don't know;
but I must consider, ro
SoOrat. ee Brains much about” it, but let
em run a Wooll-gathering again, or send em up into the
8 (45). as Children do their Poe Kites to fly at ran-

Strepss Hold, I have it; now shall you confess'that |

have found out an apt Erabon of this Fine.

Suocras Pronounce it.

Strepsi. Have you never — at the Drugftes's chat
transparent Stone, with which they set Things on Fire.

Socrat You mean a Burning-Glass.

Stretsi. The very samne.

Socrat. And what of that? 5
Strepsi- Why, I would take one of these Burning glasses,
and when the Register had minuted down my A-
mercernent, I would turn my self thus to the Sun with
my Implement, and set his Notes all en Fire.

Socrat. Vost deeply thought, 1 swear by the Graces !

Strepse. Ay; it tickles me to think how I should set the
Fine and the five Talents all on a Blaze at once.

Soc rat. Come on; and find me an immediate Evasion
from this Matter. ---- 93
Strepss.. What is it? |

—— How to avoid the 2 of an \ (46) Apyons:

in Person, without the Aid of Witnesses to depose
ny your Behalf for not appearing-. |

Strepsi. Pho! ---- there's nothing more easie.

ane ke | -

| 6 F k o

(43) ee would bring mon d did not appear before
into ridicule the Opinion of the Judge at the time appoint-
Socrates, — _ that the — — he — n'd for the Default;
tit or Soul has Wings, and | and if he did net that Eine
that to Toar towards Heaven, it] at the Day I he was to
essays to break the Cords which pay it four · fold, and the ran,
hold it down to the Body. tiff had an Arrest on his Fer

(46) When the Party sum-| son. |

nl | Stregf b

ITbe CL αοοG. 357

Strepss. As thus. The Day that the Writ is out for my
Appearance, I wou'd ga directly and hang my self,

Sverat." You triffle strangely. -»»- +

Strepsi. No, by the Gods. Do you think they'd trou ·
ble themselves to prosecute a dead Corps?

Soerat. What an incorrigible Dunce thou art! 5 5 reach
you no more.

Strepsi. For Heaven's Sake. sweet Socrates, * o
Socrat. Because you sa immediately forget What ou
do learn. To make you sensible of this what was it

taught you first? Answer me.

Strepss. Let me see; what was it you taught me bell ?
O. what do you call that same thing that we work our
Dough in? - Paw, waugh! --- what do we call it?

Socras. Be gone, chou mot ignorant, and forgetsul of
all old Sots!

Strepsi. Alas! what will become of me? 1 am lost wichout
Redemption, if I don't learn to do my Businese by
Tongue padding. What shall I do? ye Venerable Glouds,
Counsel me in this Plunge.

Chor. If thou hast a Son, ald Man, let him supply thy

Place; that's our Advice.

Strepss Yes, faith, I have a gallant, handsome Son, but
he's not-very fond of Discipline: What must I do? |

Chor. But do you let him have his way ?

Strepsi. He thinks of nothing but his Dress and Diver- /
sion. He's one of Cesyra's Family, and descended from
a Mother of Fashion ' — Quality: However, Il go and
discourse the Matter with him. — it he. refuses to obey
me, I am reloly'd to drive him out of Doors. But d'ye

hear, Socrates, expect me back again in a trice with you.

0 Exennt.

5 The C Lobus.

ACT m. SCENE I.
Enter Strepsiades and Phidippides.
aneps. No by the Clouds, you shall no longer find
Great

Harbour 3 _ — go yo your
extravagant Uncle (47) Megacies, cat the Posts
and Pillars of his Palace! Fl vi" erg ch,

Phidip. Alas! my unbappy Father; what is come to
you? Your Wies are certainly diseas'd ; disorder'd, by
Olympian Fove ! --- N |
Strepss. Look you now, the Fool! By Olympian Four ! --»
What an extravagant Sot art thcu at this Age to believe
such a thing as ove? --- ha! ha! ba! |
P Phidip. You're merry, Sir; but what provokes your
Laughter thus? h 1 E 0
Strepsi. 1 laugh to see you such a Baby, and a Fool, and
to hear you talk as if you belong'd to another World; but
come, give/me your Attention, and ll Instruct you better;
I' teach you such noble Secrets, that if you will
learn them, they shall make you truly a Man; but you
must be cautious how you communicate them, — |
Phidip. What are they, Sir? |
Stretsi. You swore but now by Jove.———
Phidip. I did so, Father, .
Strepsi. Then learn what it is to know better. Ah,
Phidippides, depend upon it there is no such one as Fove.
Phidip. Who then? | | |
S:repss. Fove has lost his Dominion, ard Mcherial Impulse
now governs in the Skies. A
Phidip. Good Gods, what Frenzy's this! —

(47) The Poet here upbraids | not hing bur his House left him,
Mgacles with having eat out} which was adom'd with
all his Substance, aud having Columns.

Strepss.

ther of Gif, haring brought to withstand them wit

4 f : ” * * * = 4 1 * * PF **
Wy * & > - — ö

The CL 0 v 0's. 27
Strepsi. Take it from me that tis so. p
Who is your Master in these profound Noti-
5. The great Socrates, and the learned Charenen ;
Eat has measur d the Length of a lers
Phidip. And are you so far gone in Credulity, Sir, aa
to be led by those mad fantastical Impostors? fund
Strepss. Good Words, Phidippides; don't rave unmannerly
against those wise and learned Men; Men, that thro?
Frugality never shay'd,never were perfum'd,or step'd into a
Bagnio in their whole Lives; and you, on-the other hand,
make Ducks and Drakes of my Substance, as if 1 were 8
Thing not in Being. But come, follow me this Instant,
and supply my Place in learning the Sciences. _ =
Phidip. Can one learn any thing of Use from those A.

nimals?

Strepsi. Most certainly; the whole System of Knowledge
that concerns Mankind. You shall know how ignoragt
and stupid you have been. But come, attend me hither
a little. ; |

Phidip. Great Gods, what should 1 do; my Father is
distracted! —— Shall I go prove him a Lunatick in form,
and have a Guardian afligned him? * Sha

Strepss. They have taught me a hundred curious Things;

but through the Infirmity of my Years 1 have almost i 14 |

drop'd the Remembrance of them. |
Phidip. And for these curious Things, you have lost
your Colt? | 2
Strepfs. No, I have converted it towards my Meditations.
| 225
Phidip: And your Shoes likewise, thou most besotted
Man? | n
Streps3. 1 have employ d them, (48) like Pericles, to our
(43) Pliffonax, King of Lace- a vast Army into " Attica, Pertdemon,
and Cleandrides the Fa cle, who was not in 8 ro: wer" 4

publick

+. X ' Y * : - 8 \ <* CO ©) FE \ y
£ nl KEE * 8 Wo * e 4 9 n * Ll Cx
1 99 * _ * . . 5 = N * % ws he + 85 * a . *
+ A | 425 1 — e h as

Publick Good. But come on, and be not concern d at
making a falie Step, since you do it in Obedience to your
Father. When you were but an Infant, and could but
barely stammer. I studied to oblige you; and 1 remem -
ber, with the first Money that I earn'd at our Assemblies,
I bought you a little Chariot (49) at Fupiter's Fair.
+. Phidip, The time will come that you'll dearly repent
all this. * ' e Of ©! 4, d e
Strepss. Come, you're a good Lad to obey me: So ho!
Socrates, So ho! - I have brought you my Son, Whom
I have oyer-perswaded, tho? with much adj
W. Enter Socrates. | Are
Sderat. Because it is evident he is a Sot, and that he
would never reconcile himself to be hung there all Day
long in the Element. © |
Phidip. Since you love to be hung up so well, *tis pity

you are not so for all together. | .
Strepsi. Go to the Devil, thou Varlet! Dost thou pre.
tend to mock thy Master? - „be, er
Socrat. Did you see how he screw'd up his Mouth,
when he said, Tis pity you are not so for all together! -.
Pah! how could he learn to'draw himself out of à process,
elude the Testimonies of his Adversaries, and win
over the Judges to his Favour! —— These are not Trifles,
and Hyperbolus would give a Talent to be Master of

Forces, corrupted them with, (49) They kept at Ath

and made them with- | many Festivals in Honour 0
draw their Troops: In stating | Jupiter, among the rest one
his Accounts with Athens, he | they call'd a, during which
was very particular in his Sums, | all Fathers bought a thousand
and for what Use; but when he | little Baubles tor their Chilcame
to the Monies which he | dren, and therefore there was
had so given to the Lacedemo- | then a sort of Fair. The Scholiast
.»ians, he charg'd so much for | says it was kept in Fehruany, but
the Occasions of the Common- | in the Kalender of Mr. Neuss
wealth, and the Athenians pats'd | Archeol. Attic. it fiands on
this Article amongst the rest. | the 19th of April.

J . | Srrepsi.

a N 5 f 2
A —T 4 P * 7 * *
F b * p 4 A * \ ** 4
* 4 . * 3 * Y * * * 7 ig
3 TY Pa * * „ 4
+ +3 * * A 8 N -

* 4 . - ” - , hy

C * . 1415701 - I EY 5 .

7 B 0% vis 6

e 5. Don't be prejudic'd-at- . Imp ice} only
im, and he has a natural Qu and Invention:
When he was bur a little Child, — — a thousand pret .
he as Castles, and Ships, and Charriots in Len-
cut Frogs, that you would have thought alive,
out of the Skin of 2 Pomegranet. He was a-notable -
Child, in Sineerity; believe me he will easily take the twWo
sorts of Rhetoric which you teach; if he cannot learn

the just Method, he will at "least take the unjust one. 4

Socrat. I will give him to the Tuition of RIS
Injustice, who will take Care of him.
Strepfs. Well, Vil leave you; remember, 1 beg you you, to
do all in your Power to make him thoroughly capable of
re futin 8 every thing that shall appear Just and Equicable.
Exit Strepsiades one way; Phidippides
goes backwards with Socra-

Enter Jaltice and Injustice, brought down m sroeral
Machines.

Fust Come hither; descend and bew your self, if you
are so daring. =
Injust. Be gone, whither thou wile; for what T hall =
5 will ruin thee in the Thoughts of all the World. i;
#st. Thou ruin me? Why, what art thou? x T1
— Lam Injustice. * [
75 And of Consequence much weker than me. 129 i

Injust. Yer tho you boast of your superior Strength, in
all cur Controversies the Advantage falls on my side.
Fust, What mighty Things do you do then? L LY
ust. Find out new Devices that never have deen =
thought of by Man.
Fust Devices that are in Vogue only among Fool.
Rather amongst wisc Men. _—
wt. Ill be the utter Confusion of you. 2
Insast. By 2 Expedient ? r =
Fu. 8) + be speaking only what is just.
Injust. But I in a moment will overturn all you ay)
for 1 insist that there is no such thing as Juslice. Iu

4x 0 F , 7 % : , 1 *
K 2 Io

Jul. No such wy by

„1 do; for where will you find ie

Amongst the Gods. *
br Indeed! If so, would not Fove have been puisn

d for putting his own Father in Fetters?
Ha]! Gods, is it possible Malice can Toarfo high!

0 for some Instrument of Vengeance ! that I had but a
Bason to throw at thy Head!

#st. Thou art an 010 raving Foel!

Thou an impudent, infamous old Wretch! ,
ust You sprinkle me with Roses,
Phe An impious Carrion! |
You crown me with Garlands.
Na. A Parricide! {
—— „Ohl you pour Gold on me by the handful!

You much better deserve molten Lead.

Insust. All you can say does me no guy, but on *
is glorious to me.

Fust. "Thou art most insolent! 1
INiust. And thou an Idiot!
21. Tis long of thee that the Youth of the Age will ö
not suffer me to instruct them: The Athenians will one
time see the Wrongs you do em, tho now they mind it
Injust. How nasty, and how tatter'd are thy Garments!
Ycu're in your Pomp at present, tho” tis not
oo since thou didst beg, and might'st compare thy self
(50) Telephus , who bears a Wallet in Euripides, and
his curious Sycophantick Maxims, chews nought

bur Stale and Village-gather'd Fragments!
Injust. O what a ce 69 of Wisdom doit thou

pa) me!

— te lt m

BY ( 50) Ariflophanes here ral- a but has 8 the Cha ·
lies Ewripides, who, in his Tele- rater of a very Rascal, such as

was not content to intro- | was one Fandeletss, aSycophant
duce that King of Mysis beg- | by Prosession.
vg auh Wallet on his Shouln

oP 44 8 of . 4 *

And what an Impuration of Folly i i Þ on diane
to foster thee thus, that art the Bane and Ruin of her

Youth !Jn— ,
Tnjuft. Would not you Have the InfiruQion! of hae
young Man, you obsolete old Witch?

Fut. I ought to have, to okreen him from tion,
not suffer him to be train'd up alone in Talkativen :
Injust. Come hither, Youth, leave her to ber Extravs:
gancies. |
You shall pay for allthis. Have ou the Aﬀurange |
to {Rm on | pay | N

Choy. Nay, cease your Broils and Reproaches, Aid |
you that bad onee the Tuition of a former Age; explain.

to us] what you taught them. 'Do
Nature of your new Discipline, that when he has heard.

both your Pretences, he may make his own Cotes of

his Mistress.
Fust. Tis all I desire on my side.
rojo And | freely agree tot.
But which of you shall open the Cuase?
ve her the Precedence freely, and whe: the.

has Sa f hos utmost, I will with a Set of new Arguments

confound all her stale Maxims: After which, if.
she will be obstinate and mutter, 1 will run her tho
with pungene Subtleties, as it were with so many Stings ..

of a Walp.
Chor. Since you are both so well ard of Jus Merits,

let your Discourses plead for 1 serious

Thoughts and convincing Reasons, dispute _
For on this Controversy depends all

the Fortune or Misery of Wisdom, for which our Friends
at this Day have so strong an Awersion: Begin then thou
that didst adorn the Predecessors of this People With so
many good Qualities, exert thy Power, and in the *
— t that good Cause so much thou, bog; eee

750 self to Men.

must carry the Day.

you likewise tell us the

of ou

=” 3 — — — —— > — - of
OO J —x 5 . A 0
Y kg 4 5 2 — = * .
EN. _ S >=" — 2 72 — _ - = 1 — 8 — _ — — *

* 1 "ou * $5 A —_— N . N he 2 . hy i »
F O's Nee ORGY CT 9 FFF

F E k \ - * 1 ts R
r A * 3 1 ann * 6 FEY

V | * We: | FER Ke OY Co A
„ T0 GhHOD a5.
Fifi. Til tell you then what was the Discipline of old
whilst I flourishd, had Liberty to preach up Temperince:
to Mankind, and was supported in it by the Laws: Then
itwas not permitted for the Youth to speech it in Publick;
but every Morning the young People of each Borough
BY went to their Musick School, march'd with a grave com.
pos d Countenance thro the Streets, decent and lightly
cloath'd, ev'n when the Snow fell thick. Before their
Master they fat with Modesty, in proper Ranks, at distance
from each other, There, they were taught to sing
in lofty Strains, some Hymn to the great and formidable
Pallas, or other Canto of that kind, in Consort with the
strong and masculine Musick of their Country, without
Pretending to (51) alter the Tones that had been deriy'd
down to them by their Forefathers: And if any one
were observ'd to wanton it in his Performance, and sing
in an effeminate Key, like those that now sing your corrupted
Airs (72) of , he was immediately chastis
d, as one that v*d and ruin d Musick. You would
not then baye seen a single Instance of one; that should
dare commit the least Immodesty, or discover ought that
Honesty injoin'd him to hide; they were so scrupulously
nice in this Respect, that they never forgot to sweep up
the Sand on which they had sat. None then assum d the
lawless Minion, or defil'd himself with wanton Glances.
None were susser d to eat what was an Incentive to Euxu-
I, Or injur d Modesty. Radifhes were banish'd from their
Meals; the Anise, and Rock Parsely, that are proper for

. (51) The Athenians were vexy
care ful of keeping their Exercises

and Musick in their primitive

State, and of preventing
all Innovations from getting

Ground: The Poet however minate. Airs, which ate now

mes that their Musick at that
time was yy the Changes

that PHH, hag made in

(52) He was a verydebauch'd
Musick Master, and as all Gompositions
savour of rhe Composer's

Inclinations, so PH
made only languishing and effecall'd

Tender ;_ by this means

he corrupted the Antique Muand

masculine,

lick, which was levete, chast,

4 FO FI * I + * P 2 þ p,
y a o ay : & C © ? * 1 . * Sis *
k *s . * 4 *

The CIOU DUS. 43
old Constitutions, were forbid them, aud they were Straugers
to high and season d Dishes. They fat with Gravity
at Table, never incourag'd an indecent Posture, or the
tossing of their Legs lazily up and down. de
iat. Why, all the Matter of this Harangue is of great
Antiquity, and might do well in Days of Tore, when e-
very one was precise enough to (53) button up bis Hair
with a Golden Grashopper! — e

Fuft. Yet this was the Discipline that form'd those great

Men under me, who got such Honour at the Battle (e 3

of Marathon; but for thee, thou now inftruQ*R; dur

Youth to wrap themselyes up in thick Cloaths, and live

effeminate; so that 1 have redden'd ' with Indignation: to
see in your (55) Panathenean Festivals, that they scarcehave
Strength to hold up their Shields,” and that they so
lazily perform the Dance of Pallas. Tis reasonable theretore,
Youth, that without Demur you should make
Choice of me, so you shall learn to hate the litigious
Wrangling at Bar; to avoid the dissolute Bagnio's; to be
alirm'd at Dishonesty ; not take Affronts; to rise before
your Elders; never to grieve the Hearts of those to hom
you owe your Being; to commit nothing that is dishonourable,
but to be the perfect Model of Decency aud
Modesty. You will learn to decline the Gaiety of Mafquerades,
least N your Eyes with their Inticements
and deceitful Pleasure, they deer insensibly into

the Snare, and make you forfeit your fair Character. y

r * 3 _ At rr e T 9 9 — * *

(53) This the first Atbenrans [the Lieutenants of Darius, 6

id = ws ten __ Na- D
tives of that Country, no | Comedy. 4
Foreigners; for Grals-hoppers | (55) At their Festival calPd.
never change their Country, but
live and dye in the Places where | danc'd all in Armour, in Imithey
are born. tation of the Dance of Pallas.
(6% The Athenians,underthe after her Victory oret the Ti.
Conduct of Made at — 4 o
than, beat ati: and Artaphernes, ,

Years before the Playing of this,

Panatbenea, the young Men. =

— DC an

dl £4 LI | bo a ö . | ; I

44 The Ctovrs ese

To conclude, 'as: long as you follow my Precepts, you

shall never in any thing contradict your Father, never upbraid

him with his Age, à great Part whereof he has
spent m your Care and Education. N |

» Tnjust. Believe me, Youth, if you credit all her Romances,
you will become like one of the Sons ( 56) of

BE [a hat and alt the World will account you stupid, and

Fu. So far from that, you shall every Day have your
Body oil'd and perfum'd, and glisten in. the Wrestling
Schools; not amuse your self with the lazy litigionstalk--
ative Impertinence of Pleaders; be molested with no
Suits; but when the lufty. Spring comes and renews your-
Vigour, you shall to the Academy, walk with your
Comrades under the Shade of the consecrated Olives,
all smell of Halme and Mar ; be entertain d with
the Whispering of the Western Gales thro” the blooming
| 3 your Time in an honourable Inactivity, and a
Repose which nothing can interrupt. If you pursue my
Maxims, you shall always be in an healthy State, have a
fresh Complexion, large Shoulders, and speak nothing but
what is to the purpose. But if you will live like our modern
Debauchées, you must have a pale Visage, narrow
Shoulders, and Impertinence of Rhetorick; you will think
that Honourable which is Shameful, and be as full of Infamy
as Antimachus, : ©; 209808
r, How: Admirable and Divine is thy Wisdom, what
Strength and Charms have thy Discourses! Happy the Men
that liv'd when thou did'st flouriss Now you, her Rival,
that have such Pride, and profess a vain fallacieus Eloquence,”
what have you to reply to her firm Reas'nings ?
You must make use of all your Skill in this Tryal, combat
with more solid Arguments than you generally em-

& (56) He was a General of the { cles, who were all so stupid and

Athenians, and had three Sons | senseless,. that they grew into

Telefippns, Demephen and Feri - | a Proverb, bo} :
3 | | x y P

The C LO Ds. 45
ploy; or prepare to be the Scorn and. Derision of the
World. |

Tnjust. My Bowels have yern'd this half Hour, and 1
have been in pain to over · turn all that she has 8 to

advance, The Philosophers call me 4njuflice,
the first that had the happy

and it is an 'Enterprize def
penses, to undertake the most dishonest Causes, and
carry them. Give me a moment's Patience, and II re
the noble Doctrines that she has so spread out, and is

Resolution to oppose the Laws;

so fierce ia; she restrains ou from going to the Bagnio's;

but pray, what have you to condemn a
— Bath? | i they | | >, |
Because they are pernicious; enervate Men, and --2
5 Hold, 1 shall presently draw you into suck a
Premunire, that you will scarce get loose in haste. Who
do you find more brave than the Sons of Jeu, and
which of them in your Opinion did the greatest Exploits?
Fust. Hercules. <0 |
Injufl. And where do you find that this Hercules ever
entred a cold Bath? Yet was there ever a more yaliant
ust. These are the notable Arguments that our Youth
eternally dwell on; make the Baths so much frequented,
and the Wrestling Schools empty and forsaken. -
Injuft. You rave at Eloquence, but I applaud it: If it

were despicable, the great Homer would never have made

his Nestor so great an Orator, or those other wise Heroes
whom he has celebrated. I now proceed to that other

Species of Eloquence, they call pleading at Bar. She says
that young Men ought not to practise it; I maintain

they cannot do a thing more useful: It is the Terror of
the Laws, and the Sanctuary of the Unfortunate: She
says, we should be temperate and honest; a most pernicious
Maxim! for tell me in a word, did any one ever

reap any Good thro! his Temperance? Speak, and demon-
Ful.

strate that I talk not Reason,

ciuse Iam
eryes all Crowns and Recom-

46 Te d ob.
Ju. Depend

this bestow a Divine Sword on (47 Pele?
IJuejast. A Sword! It must be confess'd the poor Sufferer
receiv'd a worthy Present! But Hyperbolus has got a large
Estate by cheating in his Profession, and — * by the
Dint of Knavery, and not a Sword! N

Fal. But the great Reputation of Pelens's Wisdom obtuin
d him the Honour of Theris for his Bride.

Injust. True, but she soon (58) quitted his Bed, for he

found his Wisdom too stay d à Companion for her in the
Night: A sprightly young Woman loves an active Consort,

but thou art a stupid senseless old Sot. Therefore,

© Youth, consider what Inconveniences will attend her

boasted Temperance, and how many Pleasures you will be

depriv'd of in trusting to her. With her you'll neicher

have fine Women, Company, Sports, Feasting nor Mer- -

riment; and is it Life, to live eternglly diyorc'd- from
Pleasure ? Nature has her absolute Weaknesses; have you

given way to Infirmity, enter'd into an Amour, and ventur'd

Adultery ? If you are caught, you must suffer the
Law, because you have not Rhetorick to baffle the Accusation.
Whereas in following my Counsel, you may en-
Joy Life; dance, laugh, revel, and think no Pleasure Criminal:
If surpriz'd in the Gallantry of your Passion, you
will with ease disengage your self; by your Eloquence

OI Wy

k 4.4 ud LA

on't, thousands. - Did not the Gods for

(57) Peleus retiring to Folcos
with Acastus, to get expiated
from a Murther he had committed,
Hippolyta, the Wife of
Acastus, fell in Love with him;
he not answering her Passion,
ws accuses. him to her Husband
of having delign'd a Rape on
her. Acastus unwilling ro kill
the Man with his own Hands
whom he had protected, cartied
him a Hunting on a Mount,

and left him expos'd to the

wild Beasts, after having disarm'd

him, while sleeping. Feleus
awoke just as he was going
to be deyour'd, and at the instant
as he was searching for his
Sword, he saw Mercury bring
him one from Heaven.

(58) Aristophanes had this from”

a Piece of Sophecles ; where that

Poet said, that Pelews hayin

grumbled at Theris, she quitted,
him, and never would go back

again, ,
proye

bh, | WOE 3
Tie CTO 47
prove! your” self bladielelss, aud throw all the Fault om
pkead that the God was ever a Save to Love, that
he could not resist the Charms of a bright Female; and
that it ought not to be expected, that 'a Man shouldhave
more een and Controwl over Amit cy 1
Deity: ans
Tut. But if | in thy rare Maxime be should come "to be
panish'd- in the common Method taken with Adulterers,
how will his Eloquence' ever perfivade UN that he is not .
cover'd "with Tufamy ? |
Injast. Very good; if this Night Acddeat should be his
Doom, shall he be cover d with Infamy for this?
Fust. How shall he avoid it ? Can he come under 4
notorious Disgrace?
But what will Jou say, if I make i it t appear t that
his 1s all Polly ?.
Fust. VI &en fit down | in flence. But came, what”
have yl tffay e's, 175 eee RE SE ORR
Injust, why pray tell We, what Chinicher do. ip, o.
tors 1 the | 14
Fust. As infamous as Adulterere. 9 1
Injust. I think so at least: And our Comedians? |
ust. As infamous. | 7
Injust. You say true. And our Magistrates? =
ust. As * F . 1
Iajust. You see the n che Disgtace y were speaking of *
is —＋ Folly, and that 3 no — | son 1
Common. Now for these Gentlemen the Spectators,
Fire em a serious, view, and tell your Opinion of
them, '
Tut Hold; I will view them well.
ust. Now, have you view'd 'em.

By my Faith here is a great part of them even
moubas the rest. And without going far for Exzmples,
on that Man, and that there, and him with
fine Head of Hair. \
I. iat. Then what have you now to say? 4

Test.

N * 2 E A T * 4 0 | ry a - F \ w 9 _ | Cu 4 * 2 - + =
Ys l l 4 * K ” 27 * 1 * 2 ., \ res * 1 * * ? T4 J
85 3-35" 7 "a »+ in 444i) *F\ . 0 4 ad Þ - | Y X

I . ** p * * 28 v5

Fust, 1 yield the Day. Therefore, ' Infamous Sirs, 1
conjure you in the Name of the Gods, take my Scarf,
till 1 can over to you and range my self on
your Party, you are the more strong and numerous.
r |
Socrates, Strepsiades, Phidippides and Chorus. - |
Socrat, Well, Friend, will you carry back your Son, or
leave him here with me to be instructed? .
Strepsi. Inftrut him, Chastise him, and remember
above all to fashion his Tongue to both sorts of Rhetorick;
that one may serve for your little trifling Suites, and the
Go for Causes of the greatest Consequence and In-
& Socrat. Put your self in no pain about it; you shall re-
him one of the most expert Tongue-pads in the Univerie
1 8
Phidip. Yes, faith, if to look lean and in a starvigg Condition
be to be Expert | Fs
Chor. Go in then. But I conceive the time will come
that ycu may repent of what you're doing. ent.

ACTI.

a 4 F p 4.
>” A o oF 1

te C109 os 2

A 0 IV. Sc ENE EN
Enter Strephades alone, ©

FE are now advanc'd to the Six and Wc iy

of the Month; 26, 27, 28, 29 — Ib! What,
Apprekenfions| have I of that Day which is now. approach-.
ing, and that 1s the damn'd 3eth ? How, 1 abhor and deest
it, and hold it more execrable than all other Days!
All my Creditors threaten me with Executions, and swear,
that they will ruin me with Costs, tho' I make them t
most reasonable Proposals in Nature, Sirs, say I. concerni
np the three Dividends of my Debt, don't require.
the first Payment down, give me a little time for the second,
and be so kind as to forgive me the third. But

they ate absolutely deaf to my Terms, and will not be.

paid in this Coin. They call me Names, say I'm, Un-
Just, a Shuffler, and a Trickster; they are preparing to
Summon me before the Court, and force me to secure

their Demands. Let em do it; I defie their worst;

and will laugh in their Faces, if Phidippides have but
learnt to handle his Tongue right. Il soon know
his Progress, and knock at the School Door to be satissi ·
ed. | e
Enter Socrates to him. hi.

Socvar. Good morrow, Strthsiades. © _

Strepss. Good morrow, Socrates ; I pray you to nk
this Sack of Wheat; tis reasonable a Bisaple Hould reftifie

by some little Acknowledgment the Esteem he has for
his Master, But resolve me- a little, has my Son taken

that same © Rhetorick which vou haye Wen in
fashion? ? |

Socrat. persectiy l

Strepss. Gmight e Injustice, bootet will

D Socrat.

4. Wa Sas;
ae ** » Tn

. = * « wy rk * * & dd . a _—*
a 4 * 3 \ «a4 18. 1 1 % * 7 - 9 F is
- * 4 - 4 * , ** * ” 11 * F, IF . = $f EY Ta . a, 7 * 4 .
1 a * ' * . OE 4 « 4 | L TY " 731 5 ETSY. * f * a * 1 * * * *
> Ea * . K % 4 « l \ « 77 VER > \ SATAN "4
5 2 1 1 by : * * * 1 4
BY N X 2
a i f
* 4 J - * 1 a e 4 * 0 * Wa , * f 3:

Focrat. So that you -may immediately disengage your
self from any Suit you are involy'd, in whatever.

Stregsi. What! cho! there were Witnesses b „When Iborrowyd
wp ms . f 4

Socrat. The better, if there were a, thousand Witnesses.

Szreps. Then will 1 go Ging a Note above Els: Upon
my faith, my noble Usurers, you may go and hang your
selves at your belt leisure; you're all routed, with your
Books of Account, your Principal, Interest, and Interest

upon Interest: From this moment Vl make you my

Sport, and it shall not be in your pesv'rs'to prejudice me;
for I have a Son train'd up in this College, whose Tongue
cuts like a two-edg'd Sword, and who will puzzle the
whole World. with his Oratgry. A Son that will be my
Support, the Restorer of my House, the Terror of my
Enemies, and who will strait deliver me from all my
Vexations. Call him out, and let me see him this Instant:
950 Child! Hear the Voice of thy Father, and come
Socrat. Here he comes.
Strepsi O my dear Boy! my dear Boy! _ .
Socrat. You may now receive him to you and take him
Home. n [Exit Socrates.
Enter Phidippides. N
Strepss. My dear Son, how | rejoice to see thy Improvement

in the Wanness of thy Countenance; your

whole Mien speaks a denial of yo Debes, and a full Capacity
of Disputation: Tis now that the notable Manners

of your Country flourish in you! Ha, what do you say?

Iam no longer in doubt: You are directly able to make

the Nonsuited Blockheads pay Costs, you wear the Countenance

of à free Athenian; it behoves you therefore to
draw me out of Tribulation, boce, i was you plung'd me
amto1ie | 9 ET lol 44

Ph dip. What is my Father in fear of?

Strig/7. This Old and New Moon.

Phidip.

The CL O uns. 31
Phidip., Can it be Old and New all at the- ame S |
Strepss. My Creditors: threaten. to take Execution, as
soon as ever it comes. Men We

for tis morally im-
New at the fame

Phidip. They will lose their Mony
possible the Moon shou!d be Old and
time.
Strezsi. Impossible, say ou?) |
Phidip. Most undoubtedly. For, to give you an Exams
ple, how can * be young and old at once?
O, this is a thing establish'd so by the
Ws.
Phidip. But they don't understand the Letter of the
Law.
Strepsi. Why, bow is the Letter? |
Phidip, Solon, our ancient Law-giver, was an extrem
Lover of the People. |
Streng. And does this concern the Old and New
Moon? » — eight
Phidip. He intended that the Consignment sheuld be taken
for two days, for that of the Old and that of the =
New Moon; and that those who would prosecute a 1
Debtor, should consign him the Day of the New. _
Strepsi. But why does he then speak of the Old? *Y
Phidip. O my God, how very dull you are! *Tis to the 1
end that those who should be cited before the Judges, . >
should bare the whole last Day of the Month 'for their | 1
Appearance, and to disengage themselves without Process; i
and that they might have no body to blame but themselves, 'W
if they were tormented on the Morn of the first Day If
the subsequent Month, e 1
Strepse. Why then do not our Magistrates take the Consignations
on the first Day of the Month, rather than on 1

the Day of the Old and New Moon. 975 _—
Phidip. Because those Gentlemen are like your liquorisn
Gluttons, that will be lapping into Sauces before y ue
made, ; Th

» C IEN 4

52 The Coup *

e f 1 pw.

Strepsi. O you miserable Usurers, how can you fit here

so simply, with your Arms crossed like Niggards ? we
Men of Wit and Spirit manage our Affairs at your Cost,
and, upon my Faith, you are our Bubbles, our easie Fools,
Stones, Sheep, meer Wine Casks. I must compose a Song
of Triumph to be chanted to our Honour. O most Fortuna:e
Strepsiades, how learned art thou, and what a learned
Son thou hast ! Thus will my Friends salute me,
charm' d with thy Eloquence, when thou shalt get the
better in the most fraudulent Causes. But come let us
go in, that | may first regale you at my Table. ¶ Exsunt.

Enter Pasias and an Evidence.

Pasi. Shall a Man fit down thus with the loss of his
Substance? I cannot agree to it. It is much better to rid
ones Hands of this foolish Modesty, than submit to so
much Plague, My Friend, J have brought you along for

my Witness in a Mony Affair, wherein I am going to
make an Enemy of a Neighbour. But there's no Remedy;
1 will be a iff Athenian, and not disgrace my Country
with a foolisn shyness: I'll call out Strepsiades. Ho!
Within there — | | |

Enter Strephades,

Strepsi. What's the matter? | Ace?

Pasi. I injoin you to appear before the Judges on the
time of the Old and New Moon. 5658

Strepsi. Sir, 1 desire you to take notice, that this M

enjoins me to appear on two different Days, — But pray,

on what account do you enjoin my Appearance?
Pasi. For the Twelve Pounds I gave you Credit for,

when you bought the last Horse, |
Stretsi. Horle? I bought an Horse? Gentlemen, can't
you all answer for me, that I hate Horses and all Horsemenihip

like the Devil?
C | Faß.

he CL OU pοο B. v3 -
Pasi. And, by Fove! you swore to me by all the Gods, |
that you would make a punctual Payment. | .
Swrepþ. O by. Jingo. then 'rwas before my Son had
learnt those invincible Arguments he is now Master of.
Pasi. And because he is Master of them now, would
you deny this Debt? |
Strep/s, Ay, certainly; for what other Advantage could
I reap from his Knowledge? P '8
Pass. But suppose I bring you on your Oath, you will
not be so hardy as to call the Gods to Witness that you
owe me nothing? ,
Strepsi. To call the Gods to Witness? What Gods are
are you-talking of ? | |
Pass. Futiter, Mercury. Neptune — _
Strepsi. O yes, by Fupiter; and I submit to pay double
the Debr, if I do not {wear it. e's
Pass. The Gods contound you for this Impudence!
Streps..*'T would be a mighty Service to that Man-now
to give him a good Quantity of Hellebore, for he has sufficient
occaficn tor it. = 4
Pass. What is the meaning of this Raillery? ,
Strepsi. Some fix Pounds of ir might do his Business.
Pass. I (wear by the great Fove, and all the other Gods,
that you shall not always mock me thus, and scape my
Resent ments. | |
Strepss. By my Faith, you divert me extremely with #! If
your Gods. That same Fove you swear by, is the A
greatest Jeaft imaginable with your Men ot Wit and
Spirit. _—_—
$57 O the Miscreant! The time will come that you
shall rue for these Hlasphemies: But will you pay me or
not? Give me an Answer, and don't make me lose any

more time. | |
Strepsi. Have a little Patience, Friend; Pl! be here immediately,
and give you a clear An;wer, Going in.

Pass. What can he design by all this? Nay, prithee
Srrepsiades, shall I be fairly. paid? Bs Eben

D 3 Strepss,

cScrepst. Not that I know: Will you have done being impertinent,

quit my Doors and follow your Business?

Pass, Yes, 1 will; but if 1 don't enter my Action this
Minute, may I not live to see another Day. |
Strepsi. Twill be but swelling the Sum, and adding a
resh Loss to the Twelve Pounds you talk of: I am really
troubled, that you should run your self into these Inconveniences!
ha, ha, ba! [ Exeumt Pasias and his Evidence,

Enter at another Door Amynias and an Bvidenco.

Aymn. Alas! alas! how miserable am 1! Fe F304
Sirepsi. Heigh ! heigh!—— Whence come these dismal
Lamentations? Sure tis one (59) of Carcinus's Gods broke
lcose upon us. | |
Amn. What, would you know who I am? 4
add li We
Strepsi. O all your ortune to your self.
Amyn. O — 2 — how hast thou
Destroy'd my Carr! O Pallas, how I'm ruin d! |
Strepsi. Why, prithee, what hurt can (60) Tlepolomw
have done thee? |
Amyn. For Goodness sake don't jeer me, but rather order
your Son to restore me the Mony he owes me; especially
at this juncture, when I am so unfortunate.
Strepsi. What Mony is this you are talking of?;
Ann. The Mony that I lent him?

(s9) Aristepbanes banters Car- Tragedy of Xenocles, where Alcecinus,
who had made a Tragedy | mena complains of her Misforwherein
he introduc'd Deities, | tune, because : Tlepolemus had
who made great Lamentations, | killd Lycimnins, Strepsiades
and complain'd of their Mise- | hearing .Amynias repeat thele
ries. | | Verses, which he knew, veiy
(60) These words of Amy | naturally asks Amynias, What
nias, O Cruel Chance, O For- | Mischief T lepolemns had done
tune &c, ate taken out of 2 him? |

Strepss.

The C Lou I. 55
Serepss,) As far 28 I can understand, your Affairs are but
in an ill Posture. | ea,
Amn. Right, by Heav'n; for Exercising my. Horses
just now in à Chariot-race; I got a dismal Fall.
ow From the Box of the Chariot! **
an; Nature design'd thee only to ride on an Aft You
are downright delirious. wy FAVS: #80 Ve
Amyn. What! because I demand my own? 7
Strep. You certainly cannot be in your Wits.
Amyn, For what'Reasoa? | ,
Strepsi. Your Brains seem to me to be disturbd. 7
Amn. But, by Mercury! I swear, if you do not answer
my Demands, I will immediately prosecute you.
Strepsi. Hold; do you answer my Demand: Are you
of Opinion, that every time Fove makes it Rain, there
is a new Creation of those Waters that fall, or is it always

the same which the Sun from time to time draws up into

the Sky?

Amyn, I don't know, I never trouble my self with
such Whimsies. 1

Strepsi. Ha! why thou art not worthy of a Copper Farthing,

if thou no Knowledge of the Celestial Sciences?
| |

Amyn. If you are not directly 2 for the Principal.
1 dealt les me Hase the Interest.

Strepss. Interest! What Beast is that? _

Amy, What should it be but that whereby our Mony
gradually increases, as Time insensibly slides on by Days
and Months. : |

Strepsi. Very well: But tell me further; Do you conccive
that the Sea is fuller now than it was at first?

Amyn. No, by Fove; I believe tis much at one; and!

it would not be well it should be fuller.

Strepss. How, Scoundrel! you say that the Sea, into
which all the Rivers in the World slow, is not fuller by
this addition than it was at first; and do you expect your

Mony to encrease and swell every Day? Can you have
K the:

N AC ” j 1 | wt „*
* 9 VS IFT*- ; * * + a " 9 | 6
o \ * * Na? | 7 . -
p E 0

The Co ups.

PETT i” ET» "oe Pr

Toi. I am a Witness of this scurvy Ulige.

Ann. 1s not this an unpardonable Violence? |
Stress. Why don't you depart ? By my faith I shall

t you

trap your Hide, as I would a resty Steed's, if you don't

take care to save me the Labour. O!] are you gone?
Exeun. Amynias and Evidence,
Tis. well done, or I should have exercis'd you with your
dam d Chariots and Horses, and Racing and Jockyship.
OOO eee, 2 759% T Sang,

eee . |

The Coups. 57

ACT v. SCENE IL.

Strepsiades runs ont, followed by Phidippides with a
Cudgel.

Strepss. AS Murther! Murther ! Neighbours, Kiasmen.
Townsfolks, lend me your Assistance; I shall
be kill d: O my Head! O my Jaws! O the Villain! What,
beat your Father! | |
Phidip. Indeed do I. < |
Strepss, See, with what Forehead he maintains his Insolence!
|
Phidip. Why should I not maintain it ? |
Strepsi. O the Wretch, Thief, Parricide! *
Phidip. Nay, go on, run thro' your Lift of Defamation,
and invent new Terms of Abuse ; you cannot please
me better. |
Strepsi. The Infamous Wretch!
Phidip. You shed Roses on me.
Strepss. Dare to assault your Father! 4
Phidip. Most certainly; and I'll make it as clear as the
Sun at Noon-Day, that I had reason so to do. Wy
Stress. O Impious Miscreant ! How can there be a

reason to beat a Father?

Phidip. I'll prove it, and convince you. |

Strepss. You prove it! |

Phidip. Yes, on my Word; only chuse which of the
two Methods you would have me use. |

Strepsi. What two Methods? |

Phidip. Of those two Methods Socrates has taught

Strepsi. In Sincerity, by putting you to the Academy
to learn to plead against the Laws, I have not succeeded
ill in my Design, Wretched as I am? if you can prove
that Children have a Right of beating their Parents.

D 5 Phidip-

FIN N hs
$8 The CLOUD.
Phidip. I will undoubtedly prove it, and so clearly, that
when you. haye heard me out, you shalt not have the

least Syllable to reply. |
Strepsi. Very good; let me hear what you have te

Chor. Tis now your business, old Gentleman, to take
care to coap with your Son; he's become very Insolent,
and relies on his Wit to bear him out; and he has doubtless
some Argument on which he grounds his Confidence;
ber tell us, in short, what was the Cause of your Quarrel.
a | |
Strepsi. Ill give you an Account. Just. now, you saw
that we went in &+Doors; as we were setting at Table
and making Merry, I entreated this good Son of mine, to
take his Instrument and sing to it the Ode which Simonides
made on the Golden Fleece. Ie presently replied it
was (61) no longer the Fashion. to sing at T and
that such Songs are only proper for Women over their

Kneading Troughs. * 5
Phidip. Well, and did not you deserve a thousand Strokes
for making such a Request? To have me sing at Table,
forsooth! |
Srrepsi. He said thase very Words within, and added
that Simonides is a vile Poet: I confess at these. Words I
could scarce contain my self; however, I did. Then I bad
bim take a branch of Myrtle, and sing something of
Aschylus's : And what do you think was bis Answer? For
my part, says he, I find that Æschylus is the first of the Poets;
but he is puffy, without Order, harsh, and always on the
high Ropes: (62) Don't you think my Choler was mov'd

(et) This was false; it was
the Mode, and not disapprov'd
by Socrates; but Strepfiades had
got 2 in his Head, and
Espous'd his Sent iments; who
in one of his Tragedies says,

that Musick ought to be banish'd
from Feasts, und only be em-

[play'd.

ploy'd at Interments, and other
Occasions of Mourning. |
(62) For Æsehylat was in
great Estimation with the A-
thenians, who order'd by a Decree
that his Pieces ould be

* — 1 N 4 oh; EY W a

The CLOVES 59
at thess Words 2: Neventheleh I:repsest it, and fd do him
Sing me then same fine Fassage out of the mpre Modern
Daves He presently chose one out of a piece gf Euripides;
where, ene Gods, may I speak of it, (63) 4
— marries Sister Ti true, I could no
longer submit to this Scandal, but presently I beroak m
selt to Revilings, and gave him one ill * upon nother;
he returned me the same Langu ve it him
back again; and thereupon the Villain upon me
gave me a thousand Blows, took an by the nn 14
threw me at his Feet.

Pzhidip. Was it not with Justice thac 1 it, when

you pretended to accuse the wisest of the Poet ?

Ne the wiscest! But what am 1 doing? I Galt incur
a tresh Beating,

DI Yes, by my Faith, and with a greatdeal of Rea
Strepss, "How, with Reason, Impudent as: you are! l

that have brought you up from a Child, heard. all your”

Infant Babbliags, knew when you delired to drink, and

when to eat, and could hold you out When I saw- yo

redden and grunt; and now to recompence me for all; my

Care you beat me, and instead of-making me a Return of

Gratitude you squeea d me by the Throat till I was perfectly

strangled.

Chor, I canceive. all our young Gentry Atend with the
Uneasiness and Impatience the Issue of this Young - -/
Blade's Proceedings; for if he wy" his Eloquence wo
his late Action into Request and n 1 w

(63) This piece, of Eeripides ther and Sister. 1 l 1
is ola, wherein Maca- | ble that this very Reproof salle
— married Canace. <AristoxFlikewife hard upotSectares ; who:
phanes flips no er of-| approv'd this Incest. 4 Broreptoying
that Pocr, and he te- them with their own Sisters, S
oaches him bete for having ] a a pears . by the 5th Book
introduc'd on the Stage an in- 175 5 Re ns "4
orlinony Marciege dervias a Bro> | bac.

give an HkiCpendy' for the Skins of all the old Fathers in
Town. Tis thy part therefore, oh thou Introducer of
Novelties, to be arm'd with Perswafion and the Power
of Convincing that thy Action is jusi. 1% wet

Phidip. O! What a pleasure tis to learn what others
know: nothing of, and to be able to bring the most Establish'd
Laws into Contempt!— Whilst I alone minded
the Diversion of Riding, I could not bring out three
Words together without some egregious Error; but since
this good Man has debarr'd me of that Exercise, and let
me into the Subtleties of Rhetorick and Eloguence, I believe
I can make it very apparent, that tis equitable to
give a Father due 3

O, by Fove, rather go on with your ee
ship. is much better for me to find Harness and Fur-
than to bear a damn d drubbing every Day of my
Life.

Phidip. I ask you, Sir; did not you beat me, whillt I

was a Child?
Step. Yes, most certainly; because I loved you, and
N. 2 great Concern for your well · doing.
Phidp. Resolve me then, if you please, Is it not just
that I should make you the same return, and thro* the
Friendship I have for you, I should likewise discipline you,

since it is only a Testimony of Respect? For by what

Right shall you be more exempt from Blows than me? 1
look upon my self as much a Freeman born as you are.
Is it your Opinion that the Children shall all be subje& to
Correction, and the Fathers not brought to their Tears in
their Turn?
Strepsi. But for what? —
Pl)᷑bidip. Will you pretend that ! is a N in the
Law that Children only shall be beaten? I so, I reply to
this, that old Men are in their second Childhood; and it is
so much the more reasonable they should' be chastis'd, as
it is less supportable to see them in Errors:
Strepsi. But there is no Law that orders Fathers tobe jr
treated by their own Children.

Phidip.

Ne Crovnts WW:
1 Was not be thut first made the Laws, and by

his fine Discourses perswaded the Ancients to receive
them, a Man, like us? Why then shall not I be allowd

as well as he to- make a Li, which shall order Children

to beat their Fathers? What's past, is past ; we forgive
ou all the Blows you have given us, Precedent to the
Eablishment of his Law; — submit to those Beatings
without auy Questions on the Matter. Do but reflect on
our Cocks, or any other Animals, how they desend themselves
against the Insults of their Sires: Tow: I think
there lies no other Difference betwixt them and us, but

that they have no Laws at all.

Strepsi. Very well Sir; if you are so mych dispos'd to
take a Cock for your, Pattern, why don't you seek your
— in a Dunghill, and make your Lodging in a Henroost

?

Phidip. Pho! that's not the same thing, nor would 85-
crates himself allow it as such. |

Strepsi. Then pray, beat me no ee if you do you

may repent. it another Day.

Phidip, How, shall I repent it y de 14 | id
Strepss., Yes, for if you-allow me the Liberty of cor:

reQting-;you, the same will belong to you of correcting

gur Son when you have one; instead of Which, if you
at me, you ought to expect the lame future Treatment
from yours.

Phidip, Ay, but suppose I have gone? I must susfer
my self to be beat all my Life upon a Supposal, and you
laugh in your Grave for having made a Fool of me!

Strepsi. Well, Friends; my Son has Reason pn his Side;
we must submit to bis Arguments; is it not — that we
should be beaten, if we do lip into F oll?

Phidip. But, hearken to one Reason more. Wk.

Strepss. lam in a wretched Way already,

Phidip. Perhaps when you have heard it, * wy be

conceru'd for having been beaten.

Strep. How so? Speak; waar Advantage e. can | receiv
from it? | —
Tide

16z TheCtlovDyds

 ®Shidip. It is, that 1 may likewise'beat: my Mothert
Steps, What say'st thou, Villain? This is aCrime more
© Keinous chan che former.
Phidip, But what would you have to say to me, if by
my Rhetorick I can prove to you that one is oblig'd in
Conscience to beat one's Mother? bt SHIPS ES F-00199
Stropsi. What should 1 have to say to you? But that
you may go and throw your self into the River, togecher
with your Soorates, and confounded Rhetorick? O ye
great Clouds, you are the Causes of these my Sufferings,
for I repos'd the Care of my Conduct entirely on you,
Chor. Tis your self that have drawn down all these
Disgraces, by giving your self over to Injustiee.
Ctrepsi. Why did you not caution me of that? You intended
to deceive a poor simple Villager.
Chor. We always treat those in this kind, that are so
inclin d to Vice, and never fail throwing them into ama-
zing Misfortunes, till by @ Contrition for their Errors,
they learn to reverenco the Gods of their Country.
Strepsi. Alas! great Goddesses, the Resentment is harsh,
but yet just; for I ought not to dofraud my Creditors of
what is their Due. Therefore, my dear Son, go along
wich me, and let us soundly thrash that audacious Charts
and that Rascal Socratos, who have impos'd on us
ork. - p 9 . 132866;
un O, I am very cautious of misusing my Ma-
Strepss. Believe me, my Son; and let us reverenee for
the future our (64) Paternal Gods, and the great Fore. -
Fhidip. Our Paternal Gods, and the great Fowe! You
eertuinly belong to another World; for tell me pray, who
rag Fove you talk of? Is he any longer to be mention'd?
EM |

(64) The Athenians worship- | cause those Gods had first apped
Jupiter and Apollo, under | pear'd to their Ancestors in
the Title of Dii Pairis 5 be- | Attica, NAT

b n Strepsi.

The C1. o * 6
Sog. Ves, most assured lp „ tn

Phidip.-- But I say he is not; ore ha ot his Domini
on, and Ætherial Impulse rules in his Read! ——

He has: not lost his Dominion was only ims
pos'd on in that Ætherial Impulse, whose Figure I saw! in
Socrates's School, Wretch that I was! to take that dana d f
Etherial Impulse for a God.

Phidip. You may stay by pour, and nner these
Follies and Extravaganeics as long as you
E Phidi
Stropsi. Miserable Fool that I am! had not l —
to all Sense, when, by the Perswasion of Socrates, 1 abb
lutely rejected all the Gods? But my dear Mercury, Cad.
dressing pur ac 10 the Statue of Mercury before his own .
ky not lly incens'd against me, nor quite confou
me, I beseech you: on me the Faults Ga [ have
run into thro' Levity and Sottishness; and vouchsafe still to
counsel me, — I shall not prosecute these 95
ftors. | I conjure you, dear Mereury, to advise me sor the 1
best. —— [| Leans his Ear close to the Statue, as if whisper- 1
ring!] Oh, you have Reason:— *Tis prudently ad- |
vis'd for me not to prosecute them publickly, but ro di- 4
rect me forthwith to set Fire to the House of these 8Sellers
of Smoke. Hola! hola! Xanthias, come hither,
bring a Ladder, and Axe; and if you love your Master,
get up to the Top of this cursed Academy, and hew the
Roof as stoutly as you can, till you make it tumble on
the Rascal's Heads. * Let same Body bring me a lighted
Torch, that I may this moment revenge my self of these
Sophisters, who are full of Vanity and Cheats.
[Strepliades's Servants bring forth Torches, and set

Fire to the Academy; Cenagoras, Socrates and

Charephon, run ont in a Confusion. ©
Cenag. Hai! ba ai!

Strepsi. Go on; and m

vely Torch set their Den i in
a Blaze, burn the whole House to Ashes.

Cenag. What art thou doing, Man?
— Strepsi.

e 1 1220 nnen 2 » tes * e
"1 x S <" ip] * 12 * " 8 * N. ” " - \ * 4
oe” my e » ths £ YT” "ITY = > - % : n , = \ = | „

TR | Sa ba, $i 5 tan a ads Bea : * boo EE Bang ;
24 * wc A . o * . -#, 3 w-, > * 3 ) AY 7
« 6 4 | * * * * - a \ - 6 C
k l 35 * f * kr
ww * > 7 - — - >, try 1

l. Doiog ? ob, n nothing; 1 have only a
nde ieren Dispute the, . and Joists of
tis Houle. .

Cenag. bs! who. 11 that en Fire to our apart

ment?

Strepsi. Only the Man you rob d of his Cloaths,
2 . Cenag. Hell confound you! you will destroy us.
Sufi. L intend it, Man; provided the Axe don't: dece.eire
my Hopes, or 1 don't break my. Neck.

Sorrar. Soho! there. What do you 40 upon the Housel
i Serepfs. I expatiate in the Fields of Air, and N
the Sun!

Socrat. O miserable! I shall be suffocated,

Strepsi. Why do you then blaspheme the Gods?

Chere. I shall be burnt to Death; Wretch that Jam! --«
Strepfh, ©, make curious Disquisitions into the Motions
of the Moon: Soho, Xanthias, pursue thern; bang * em,
knock *em down, there are a thousand Reasons for it, but
g because they have injur'd the Divine Powers,

{Ta deaduny i is fr d, and Strepsiades and bi
Servants beat in Socrates, &c.

FINIS.

FIN — * * . . R 2
2 * 4a” 8 * y P

BOOKS: — idly joamarown P

at the Black Swan vibes "Ton...
Þ ut LS)
Tue Perplex'd Couple; or, , Mistake vpn ise, 2
medy.
The Persian Princess, a Tragedy by Mr. Theobald,” 5
The Littigants; or Petty-foggers; a Comed .

Of Contentment, Patience and Resignation to the Will
of God in several Sermons, by I/aac Barrow, 5. D. rel

time Master of Trinity College in Cumbridgs.

A Philosophical Enquiry: into some of the mas nnd
rable Phenomena's of Nature. In Two Parts, © Wherein,
1. The Divine Nature, with the Order, Cause, and ultimate

End of the Creation, and particularly the Human

Nature, are consider d. 2. The Nature of the World, with
the Progress ef. her ordinary Course, in Producing, Molriplying,
and Changing her various Species, are bri ystated,
Likewise, a Touch on her De sects; with Regard
dies in Animal Bodies, and how, ail of what; the fame are

formed; with a Hint to avaid Dangers in the Rosaerucian

Navigation.. The whole conformable to the Doctrine ws
Fermentation, |

M. Tully Cicero's Five Books of Tuseulgn Disputations vix.
1. Of the Contempt of Death. 2. Ofenduying Bodily Pain,

3. Of moderating Grief of Mind. 4. Of other disorderly

Motions of the Mind. - 5 Whether Virwe alonebe sufficient
to à Happy Life. * into English 8 75 a Gentleman: of
Christ- Church College, Oxford.

The Art of Prudence ; or, 2 col nion for a Manor |

to 'Mala-

Sense. Written Originally in Spanish by that celebrated

Author Balthazar Gracian ; now made English from the
best Edition of the Original, and illustrated with the Sieur

Amelet de la Houssaie's Notes, By Mr. Ons Fn 25

Edition, Corrected.

x +% hi
ahi * TT * W . = Fr * —

hy * 2 — * A WET / LEY. 1 9 * ” * 2 - F .
p 5 * 2 a. * 8
ad #6 446.5 1 * 9 N - *

Books Sold by J. Brown.

The History of Persia, containing the Lives and memorsgens
Te — ay Ba the ar erecting of that Monarchy
to this Time; an exact Description of all its Dominions;
à curious Account of India Ching, Tartary Rer.

mon, Arabia, Nixabur, and the Hands of Ceylon and Timor;
as also of all Cities occasionally mention d, as Schiras, Samarkand,
Bokara, &c. Manners and Customs of those People,
Persian Worshippers of Fire; Plants, Beasts, Product and
Trade; with many instructive and pleasant Digressions,
being remarkable Stories or Passages occasionally occurring,
as strange Burials; Burning of the Dead; Liquors of several
Countries; Hunting; Fishing; Practice of Physick; famous
Physicians in the East; Actions of Tamerlane, c. To which
is added, An Abridgment of the Lives of the Kings of Harmur,
or Ormux. The Persian History written in Arabic
by Mirkond, à famous Eastern Author: That of Oormux,
by Turm King of that Island. Both of them translated
into Spanish by Anthony Teixeira who lived several
Years in Fersia and India, and now first rendered into

Tus Morals or Offices in English; the third Edition.
Revis d and Corrected by Mr. Tho. Cockman. ©
Letters of Abelard and Heloise, To which is prefix'd,

2 particular Account of their Lives, Amours and Misfortunes,

Extracted chiefly from Monsieur Bayle, Translated

from the French. enen
Cosmography in Four Books, containing the Chorography

and History of the whole World, and all the Principal
ingdoms, Provinces, Seas, and the Isles thereof, by

Peter Heylin D. D. Improved with an Historieal Continuation

to che present Times, by E. Boum, Esq; with a large

and more accurate Index than was in any of the former

Editions, of all the Kingdoms, Provinces, Countries, Inhabitants,

Peoples, Cities, Mountains, Rivers, Seas, Islands,

Forts, Bays, Capes, Forrests. c. of any Remark in the

whole World: Revis'd and cleared from a Multitude of

Mistakes, which had crept into former lmprefsions, and

five new engray d Maps according to the best and molt:

exact Projection. | The

N f ”
5 TOY '

Books Sold by J. Brown.
The Slip, a Farce. 1 |
The true secret History of the Liyes and Reigns of alt L

the Kings and Queens of England from King William te
First, called the Conqueror. To which is prefix d, an
Abstract of the general History of each Reign: Collected
(chiefly) from Original Manuscripts, and the most yaluable
private Memoirs, and Autheatick Historians. By a
Person of Honour. — ͤ 4 gs

Of the Power of Parliaments, with Political Observations
relating thereunto, by Thomas Rhymer, Esq; late Hi
storiographer-Royal. Reprinted on Occasion of Captain
Steel's being expelled the House of Commons, __. -

An Historical Account of the Wen and Modern State
of the Principality of Wales, Dutchy of Cormwal, and Karldom
of Chester. Collected out of the Records of the Tower
of London, and divers ancient Authors; By Sir John Dodridge,
Kt. the Second Edition. To which is added his
Royal Highness the Prince of Wales's Patent, both in Lamm
and English; Also an Account of his Dignity, Priuileges,
Arms, Rauk and Titles of his Sons and B GT

The Antiquities of Nations'; more ee of the
Celta or Gauls. taken to be otiginally the same People as
our antient Britains. Containing great Variety of Historical,
ological, and Erymological Piscoveries, many
of them unknown both to the Greeks and Romans... By
Monsieur Pexron, Doctor in Divinity, and Abbot of La
Charmoye in France. Englished by Mr. Tones.

The Works of his Grace, George Villiers, late Duke of
Buckingham. In Two. Volumes, containing a compleat
Collection of all his Dramatick Pieces, that were acted,
with several design'd for the Stage, from the Original Manuscripts;
also his Poems, Dialogues, Satyrs, Letters, and
his Speeches in Parliament, To which is added, a Collection
of the most remarkable Speeches, Debates, and
Conferenees of the most eminent Statesmen on both sides
in the Houses of Lords and Commons, from the Tear
1640, to the present Time, by the Earl of Clarendon, Earl.
of Pemòrote, Earl of Rochester; Earl of Bristol, Earl of 3 8 5

er *. W 'F > 48 .

Books 80 3 J bee

bury, Lord Faulkland; Lord Finch, Lord Lucas, Lord Whar

buon, Lord Capel, Lord Haversham, Bishop Mert, Ar

bishop Williams, General Monk, Sir William Perkins, Sir 4 0
Sir Charles Sidley, Sir Fohn Knight, Sir Lionel Fen-

Eins, Sir William Temple, Bulstrode Whit ock, Esq; and several
others. The Third Edition with large Additions, +
dorn'd with Cute.
be Lover; to which i is added, the Reader, by che fame
Author. |

The Creation; a Philosophical Poem : By Sir Richard
Blackmore.
Prince Arthur, an Heroick Poem. In Ten Books. © By
Sir Richard Blackmote, 'Knight,' M. D. and Fellow of the

College of Physicians in Lon The Fourth Edition revised.

To which is annex an Index, explaining the
Names of Counties, Cities and Rivers, gpc.

The Mausoleum: A Poem Sacred to the Memory of her
late Majesty Queen Anne, by Mr. Theobald, price 5. _

She wou'd and she wou'd not; or, 'the kind Impostor, |

a Comedy, by Mr. Gibber, price 1 5.
Abra-Mule; or, Love and Empire, a Tragedy. The
Third Edition, price 1. |
Noah's Flood; or, the History of the ohe graue:
an Opera, price 12. 2
The Squire of Alsatia a Comedy, price 15.

Samy the Scot; or, Taming of the Shrew, a ; Comedy,

price 1 5.
The Gamester, a Comedy, price 13.

The Amorous Widow; or, the Wanton Wife, 2 come.
dy, price 1s.

Poems on several Occasions, tie The Preyalence' of
Custom. The Mussulman's Dream. Fupiter and the Farmer.
The Spleen. The Philosopher. be young Man
and his Statue. Adam pos'd. The House of Socrates. The
Wit and the Beau. Cupid and Folly. Alcidor. The A-
theist and Acorn. The Miller, his Son, and Their Aft.
The Phoenix A Nocturnal Reverie, The Shepherd ptping
to the Fishes. Love, Death and Reputation. Panscomb's

Barn. . b s Epistle to Hephestion, The Lord

3 4 + * * 2 2 e the * *

wal Sold 5 J *

and the Bramble.
The Executor. The Change, - The Nighting
Tradesman.and Scholar. Lite's Progresß. Aristomenes, Cc.

a Tragedy, &. Written by the Right Honourable Anne,
Countess of Minchelseu, price 5 5.

Accompts for Landed Men, or 5 and 4a Form
which they may observe in Keeping Accompts of their

Estates. By Charles Snell, Teacher of Writing and Accompts
at the Writing School in Foster-lane...

Trojan Tales related by Ulysses, — Helter, iu,
and Priam. 5 oy

Sir Wilkam Temple's Memoirs.”

Letters of Gallantry, by Monsieur 4 Feniinals? my

the Name of the Chevalier Her.

The Life and Character of Fane Shore, collected from

our best Historians, chiefly from the 4 57 of Sir Fat

mas More, who was her Cotemporary. and open
knew her. Humbly offered to the Readers and tors

of ef Tragedy y Written by Mr. Rowe. Inscribed to Fo Mex,

Oldfield. The third Edition, price 6 4.

Two Tragedies, viz, Britannicus, and Alexander the
Great. Now first translated into Blank Verse rom the
French of M. Racine, by Mr. Ozel, price 15. _ *

The Cid; or, the Heroick Daughter, a Tragedy.

Electra, a Tragedy. Translated from the Greek of Se.
ocles. |

s The Young Accomptant's Debtor and Creditor; or, an

Introduction to Merchants Accounts after the Talian Manner.

In ancafie and plain Method altogether new, adapted

to the Concerns of young Gentlemen: To Gentlemen

who Manage their own Estates: To those in Publick Offices:
To Tradesmen, and to all Persons that desire te be
exact in Accounts. The Second Edition Corrected. By
Abraham Nicholas, Writing- Master near Anstin- Friars,
Broadftreet.

English Proverbs, with Moral Reflections, in Imitation
of Sir Roger L Estranges Esop. Familiarly accommodated to

ine Humours and Manners of the present Age. The third

The Curiqus, Lover. The Equi 2

— 2 C at dS ates _
— — — GIS

fax canta de

4 . «a Ly . q * A\ 4 r * * N 1 =
. 4 R * © Or i ?
d i » "ag g N 4 0 vw .
RN. | ; — IRIS *

— \\ : : : - 4 mm yn Ry

a F.31 ue

Edition;. to which is added, the Union Proverb, oeuf
vned by the late French Expedition to Srorland; and (eve.
ral other Proyerbs.never before printed. By Oswald Den
Gent. formerly of Queens College in Oxon, and Aman

{ts to Sir Roger L'Estrange.
A new Metamorphosis: Or, the pleasant Transformation;
being the Golden Ass of Larius Apuleius of Madura,
Altered and Improved to the Modern Times; exposing
the secret, Fellies and Vices, of Maids, Wives, and Wi-
dows, Nuns, Fryars, Jesuits, Statesmen, Courtiers, Or.
Written in Talian by Calo Monte Scid, Fellow of the Academy
of the Hamoriti in Rome, and Translated from the
Vatican Manuscript : Adorned with Cuts: In two Volumes.
The second Edition Corrected. |
The Art of Swimming; Illustrated by proper Figures;
with Advice for Bathing. By Monsieur Thevenot. Done
out of French. To which is prefix'd, a Prefatory Discourse
concerning Artificial Swiming ; or keeping ones
above Water, by several portable Engines ini Cases of
The Considerations of Drexelius upon Eternity, Made
English from the Latin, by S. * D. D. «hi
The Works. of Mr. William Shakespear, in Nine Volumes:
With his Life, by Mr. Rowe, Esq; 4
General Observations and Prescriptions in the Practice
of Physick on several Persons of Quality, 6. By an E-
mioent. London Physician, who was Contemporary with
Dr, Gilford, Dr. Ridgeley, Dr. Meveral, Dr. Andrews and
Sir Theodore Mayerne, Physicians in Ordinary to King James
and King Charles the First, Inscribed to Sir Samuel
Garth, Kt. .
I be diverting Works of the famous Miguel de Cervantes,
Author of Don * Now first translated from the
Spanish. With an Introduction by the Author of the Lot-

Aristotle's Art of Poetry, translated from

ther with Ms Dacier's Notes translated from the French.

Greek, according to Mr, Theodore Goulston s Edition, Toge-

SS Aa. ..» or of <4 i

Beob- N & J. Brown
manner now in Vse. Directing Accomptints where the
Usual Occurrences in Trade are to be Enter d and in the
stile proper for such Entrantes. By Charles Snell, AS.
comptant, Master of the Fres Writing-School in Fofler-
Lane. Price . 18 | 4 B
Arts 1 Or, Choice Experiments and Observations
in Building, Husbandry, Gardening, Mechanicks,
Chymistry, Painting, Japanning, Vatnishing, Gilding, Inlaying,
Emboshng, Carving. Preserving sereral Things
in their natural Shape and Colour, and in all other. Arts
and Sciences profitable and pleasant; extracted from the
most Celebrated Authors in several Languages Manu»
script Experiments, communicated by several ingenious
Gentlemen; and the Author's own Experience. By T.8.
Herodot in English, 2 Vol. .
Aristophanes s Plays, translated from the Greek by Mr.
The English Theophraflus: Or, the Manners of the
Age; = Ry modern Characters of the Court, the
Town, the City, The-third Edition, with the Addition
of 37 New Characters. |
The Dispensary; a Poem, in fix Canto's. The seventh
Edition. With several Descriptions and Episodes, never
before printed. n
The Beaux Duel: Or, a Soldier for the Ladies, a Comedy,
by Mrs. Cem Livre. |
Curious Amusemems: Fitted for the Entertainment of
the Ingenious of both Sexes; writ-in Imitation of the
Count de Roche Foucault; and render'd into English, from
the fifteenth Edition Printed at Paris, by a Gentleman of
Pembroke-Had in Cambridge, To which is added, some
Translations from Greek, Latin and talian Poets; with

bf : g . *
Wy, S- *

+ $ g L . « £ ( p
2 * 6 FA | ata ons 1 3 n > 8 1 * * : P = 2
-— 4 IRIS Rs 4 tf us 26 # — 26 HINA

Hands; nn rg are added two Letter: 11

r 4 bo. i ic;
1 bh Y: of 5 %% T4 — $55". 4 — - *

SENS: 22 * ay | by *

ole Soy 25 Feb,

College at Tasis und nd done into B
Translation by the late Learned Dr. King; and {688

n French Abbot to his Eriend at Paris, giving an A
of the Island of Mydagascd#; and yt the French aue
dor's Reception by the King of Siam, com
he Art of curing Venereal Discases' e |
tural and Mechanical Principles. By Nie 5
rurgion to the French King. Donè into Coty fromm the
last Edition of French, by F. H. M. D.
«The, Art of English Poetry: Containing, 1. Kites fort
making Verses. :2: A Collection of the most aprecables
and sublime Thoughts, ' viz. Allusions, Similes; Jelcriptis! |
ons and Characters of Persohs and Things, that abe to b
found in the best English Poets, 3. A* y off;
Rhimes. By Edward Þ By/che, Gent, The fifth Edition,
Poetical Miscellanies, consisting of Original Poems ah
Tanten by the best Hands, publish'd by Mr. Steele.
Neu Miscellatious Poems, with five Laue - Letters, from
Nun to a. Cavalier, done into Verse in à nest Elzivers
Letter. The: third Edition, with large” efidnionss Aer, |
Price in Calf 2 s, TD TRE PW |
Institutions in Physick, collected from the Writings'6f:
the most eminent Fhysicians; by | which :the 'Priciciples!
and Fundamentals of that Art are digested, and fully e
plained, as they relate beth' to the Theory and practice;
all which are esftablifh'd upon the Micdhwaifn and Structure
of the Solids and Fluids tliat compose an Human Body;
with an Introductory Preface to the whole, and a Succin&
Account of the Authors made use of in this Work.
Being a compleat System of what is necessary to be knovyn
in the Study of Phy sick. By F. Bromn, L. L. M.
An Oration upon the King's happy Arvival, deliver d ;

Green ch By J. Dank . oh tis
