title: Fanny (part 2 of 8)
author: Fitz-Greene Halleck
date: 1819
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/34762 (Fanny, with Other Poems, New York: Harper, 1839)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 144
attribution: certain
notes: light satirical verse in six-line stanzas (New York society); text of the 1839 edition (first pub. 1819, enlarged 1821)

Dear to the exile is his native land,
In memory's twilight beauty seen afar:
Dear to the broker is a note of hand,
Collaterally secured--the polar star
Is dear at midnight to the sailor's eyes,
And dear are Bristed's volumes at "half price;"

But dearer far to me each fairy minute
Spent in that fond forgetfulness of grief;
There is an airy web of magic in it,
As in Othello's pocket-handkerchief,
Veiling the wrinkles on the brow of sorrow,
The gathering gloom to-day, the thunder cloud to-morrow

And these are innocent thoughts--a man may sit
Upon a bright throne of his own creation;
Untortured by the ghastly sprites that flit
Around the many, whose exalted station
Has been attained by means 'twere pain to hint on,
Just for the rhyme's sake--instance Mr. Cl*n*on.

He struggled hard, but not in vain, and breathes
The mountain air at last; but there are others
Who strove, like him, to win the glittering wreaths
Of power, his early partisans and brothers,
That linger yet in dust from whence they sprung,
Unhonour'd and unpaid, though, luckily, unhung.

'Twas theirs to fill with gas the huge balloon
Of party; and they hoped, when it arose,
To soar like eagles in the blaze of noon,
Above the gaping crowd of friends and foes.
Alas! like Guille's car, it soar'd without them,
And left them with a mob to jeer and flout them.

Though Fanny's moonlight dreams were sweet as those
I've dwelt so long upon--they were more stable;
Hers were not "castles in the air" that rose
Based upon nothing; for her sire was able,
As well she knew, to "buy out" the one half
Of Fashion's glittering train, that nightly quaff

Wine, wit, and wisdom, at a midnight rout,
From dandy coachmen, whose "exquisite" grin
And "ruffian" lounge flash brilliantly without,
Down to their brother dandies ranged within,
Gay as the Brussels carpeting they tread on,
And sapient as the oysters they are fed on.

And Rumour (she's a famous liar, yet
'Tis wonderful how easy we believe her)
Had whisper'd he was rich, and all he met
In Wall-street, nodded, smiled, and "tipp'd the beaver;"
All, from Mr. Gelston, the collector,
Down to the broker, and the bank director.

A few brief years pass'd over, and his rank
Among the worthies of that street was fix'd;
He had become director of a bank,
And six insurance offices, and mix'd
Familiarly, as one among his peers,
With grocers, dry-good merchants, auctioneers,

Brokers of all grades--stock and pawn--and Jews
Of all religions, who at noonday form,
On 'Change, that brotherhood the moral muse
Delights in, where the heart is pure and warm,
And each exerts his intellectual force
To cheat his neighbour--legally, of course.

And there he shone a planetary star,
Circled around by lesser orbs, whose beams
From his were borrow'd. The simile is not far
From truth--for many bosom friends, it seems,
Did borrow of him, and sometimes forget
To pay--indeed, they have not paid him yet.

But these he deem'd as trifles, when each mouth
Was open in his praise, and plaudits rose
Upon his willing ear, "like the sweet south
Upon a bank of violets," from those
Who knew his talents, virtues, and so forth;
That is--knew how much money he was worth.

Alas! poor human nature; had he been
But satisfied with this, his golden days
Their setting hour of darkness had not seen,
And he might still (in the mercantile phrase)
Be living "in good order and condition;"
But he was ruined by that jade Ambition,

"That last infirmity of noble minds,"
Whose spell, like whiskey, your true patriot liquor,
To politics the lofty hearts inclines
Of all, from Clinton down to the bill-sticker
Of a ward-meeting. She came slyly creeping
To his bedside, where he lay snug and sleeping.

Her brow was turban'd with a bucktail wreath,
A broach of terrapin her bosom wore,
Tompkins' letter was just seen beneath
Her arm, and in her hand on high she bore
A National Advocate--Pell's polite Review
Lay at her feet--'twas pommell'd black and blue.

She was in fashion's elegant undress,
Muffled from throat to ankle; and her hair
Was all "en papillotes," each auburn tress
Prettily pinn'd apart. You well might swear
She was no beauty; yet, when "made up," ready
For visiters, 'twas quite another lady.

Since that wise pedant, Johnson, was in fashion,
Manners have changed as well as moons; and he
Would fret himself once more into a passion,
Should he return (which heaven forbid!), and see,
How strangely from his standard dictionary,
The meaning of some words is made to vary.

For instance, an undress at present means
The wearing a pelisse, a shawl, or so;
Or any thing you please, in short, that screens
The face, and hides the form from top to toe;
Of power to brave a quizzing-glass, or storm--
'Tis worn in summer, when the weather's warm.

But a full dress is for a winter's night.
The most genteel is made of "woven air;"
That kind of classic cobweb, soft and light,
Which Lady Morgan's Ida used to wear.
And ladies, this aerial manner dress'd in,
Look Eve-like, angel-like, and interesting.

But Miss Ambition was, as I was saying,
"Deshabillee"--his bedside tripping near,
And, gently on his nose her fingers laying,
She roar'd out Tammany! in his frighted ear.
The potent word awoke him from his nap,
And then she vanish'd, whisp'ring verbum sap.

The last words were beyond his comprehension,
For he had left off schooling, ere the Greek
Or Latin classics claim'd his mind's attention:
Besides, he often had been heard to speak
Contemptuously of all that sort of knowledge,
Taught so profoundly in Columbia College.

We owe the ancients something. You have read
Their works, no doubt--at least in a translation;
Yet there was argument in what he said,
I scorn equivocation or evasion,
And own it must, in candour, be confess'd,
They were an ignorant set of men at best.

'Twas their misfortune to be born too soon
By centuries, and in the wrong place too;
They never saw a steamboat, or balloon,
Velocipede, or Quarterly Review;
Or wore a pair of Baehr's black satin breeches,
Or read an Almanac, or Clinton's Speeches.

In short, in every thing we far outshine them,--
Art, science, taste, and talent; and a stroll
Through this enlighten'd city would refine them
More than ten years hard study of the whole
Their genius has produced of rich and rare--
God bless the Corporation and the Mayor!
