title: Fanny (part 6 of 8)
author: Fitz-Greene Halleck
date: 1819
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/34762 (Fanny, with Other Poems, New York: Harper, 1839)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 144
attribution: certain
notes: light satirical verse in six-line stanzas (New York society); text of the 1839 edition (first pub. 1819, enlarged 1821)

Ere long, the air of Broadway or Park Place,
And reign a fairy queen in fairy land;
Display in the gay dance her form of grace,
Or touch with rounded arm and gloveless hand,
Harp or piano.--Madame Catilani
Forgot a while, and every eye on Fanny.

And in anticipation of that hour,
Her star of hope--her paradise of thought,
She'd had as many masters as the power
Of riches could bestow; and had been taught
The thousand nameless graces that adorn
The daughters of the wealthy and high born.

She had been noticed at some public places
(The Battery, and the balls of Mr. Whale),
For hers was one of those attractive faces,
That when you gaze upon them, never fail
To bid you look again; there was a beam,
A lustre in her eye, that oft would seem

A little like effrontery; and yet
The lady meant no harm; her only aim
Was but to be admired by all she met,
And the free homage of the heart to claim;
And if she show'd too plainly this intention,
Others have done the same--'twas not of her invention.

She shone at every concert; where are bought
Tickets, by all who wish them, for a dollar;
She patronised the Theatre, and thought
That Wallack look'd extremely well in Rolla;
She fell in love, as all the ladies do,
With Mr. Simpson--talked as loudly, too,

As any beauty of the highest grade,
To the gay circle in the box beside her;
And when the pit--half vex'd and half afraid,
With looks of smother'd indignation eyed her,
She calmly met their gaze, and stood before 'em,
Smiling at vulgar taste and mock decorum.

And though by no means a bas bleu, she had
For literature a most becoming passion;
Had skimm'd the latest novels, good and bad,
And read the Croakers, when they were in fashion;
And Doctor Chalmers' sermons, of a Sunday;
And Woodworth's Cabinet, and the new Salmagundi.

She was among the first and warmest patrons
Of Griscom's conversaziones where
In rainbow groups, our bright-eyed maids and matrons,
On science bent, assemble; to prepare
Themselves for acting well, in life, their part
As wives and mothers. There she learn'd by heart

Words, to the witches in Macbeth unknown.
Hydraulics, hydrostatics, and pneumatics,
Dioptrics, optics, katoptrics, carbon,
Chlorine, and iodine, and aerostatics;
Also,--why frogs, for want of air, expire;
And how to set the Tappan sea on fire!

In all the modern languages she was
Exceedingly well versed; and had devoted,
To their attainment, far more time than has,
By the best teachers lately, been allotted;
For she had taken lessons, twice a week,
For a full month in each; and she could speak

French and Italian, equally as well
As Chinese, Portuguese, or German; and,
What is still more surprising, she could spell
Most of our longest English words off hand;
Was quite familiar in Low Dutch and Spanish,
And thought of studying modern Greek and Danish.

She sang divinely: and in "Love's young dream,"
And "Fanny dearest," and "The soldier's bride;"
And every song, whose dear delightful theme,
Is "Love, still love," had oft till midnight tried
Her finest, loftiest "pigeon-wings" of sound,
Waking the very watchmen far around.

For her pure taste in dress, I can appeal to
Madame Bouquet, and Monsieur Pardessus;
She was, in short, a woman you might kneel to,
If kneeling were in fashion; or if you
Were wearied of your duns and single life,
And wanted a few thousands and a wife.

"There was a sound of revelry by night;"
Broadway was throng'd with coaches, and within
A mansion of the best of brick, the bright
And eloquent eyes of beauty bade begin
The dance; and music's tones swell'd wild and high,
And hearts and heels kept tune in tremulous ecstasy.

For many a week, the note of preparation
Had sounded through all circles far and near;
And some five hundred cards of invitation
Bade beau and belle in full costume appear;
There was a most magnificent variety,
All quite select, and of the first society.

That is to say--the rich and the well-bred,
The arbiters of fashion and gentility,
In different grades of splendour, from the head
Down to the very toe of our nobility:
Ladies, remarkable for handsome eyes
Or handsome fortunes--learned men, and wise:

Statesmen, and officers of the militia--
In short, the "first society"--a phrase,
Which you may understand as best may fit you
Besides the blackest fiddlers of those days,
Placed like their sire, Timotheus, on high,
With horsehair fiddle-bows and teeth of ivory.

The carpets were roll'd up the day before,
And, with a breath, two rooms became but one,
Like man and wife--and, on the polish'd floor,
Chalk in the artists' plastic hand had done
All that chalk could do--in young Eden's bowers
They seemed to tread, and their feet press'd on flowers.

And when the thousand lights of spermaceti
Stream'd like a shower of sunbeams--and free tresses
Wild as the heads that waved them--and a pretty
Collection of the latest Paris dresses
Wander'd about the rooms like things divine,
It was, as I was told, extremely fine.

The love of fun, fine faces, and good eating,
Brought many who were tired of self and home;
And some were there in the high hope of meeting
The lady of their bosom's love--and some
To study that deep science, how to please,
And manners in high life, and high-soul'd courtesies.

And he, the hero of the night, was there,
In breeches of light drab, and coat of blue.
Taste was conspicuous in his powder'd hair,
And in his frequent jeux de mots, that drew
Peals of applauses from the listeners round,
Who were delighted--as in duty bound.

'Twas Fanny's father--Fanny near him stood,
Her power, resistless--and her wish, command;
And Hope's young promises were all made good;
"She reign'd a fairy queen in fairy land;"
Her dream of infancy a dream no more,
And then how beautiful the dress she wore!

Ambition with the sire had kept her word.
He had the rose, no matter for its thorn,
And he seem'd happy as a summer bird,
Careering on wet wing to meet the morn.
Some said there was a cloud upon his brow;
It might be--but we'll not discuss that now.

I left him making rhymes while crossing o'er
The broad and perilous wave of the North River.
He bade adieu, when safely on the shore,
To poetry--and, as he thought, for ever.
That night his dream (if after deeds make known
Our plans in sleep) was an enchanting one.
