title: Fanny (part 7 of 8)
author: Fitz-Greene Halleck
date: 1819
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/34762 (Fanny, with Other Poems, New York: Harper, 1839)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 144
attribution: certain
notes: light satirical verse in six-line stanzas (New York society); text of the 1839 edition (first pub. 1819, enlarged 1821)

He woke, in strength, like Samson from his slumber,
And walk'd Broadway, enraptured the next day;
Purchased a house there--I've forgot the number--
And sign'd a mortgage and a bond, for pay.
Gave, in the slang phrase, Pearl-street the go-by,
And cut, for several months, St. Tammany.

Bond, mortgage, title-deeds, and all completed,
He bought a coach and half a dozen horses
(The bill's at Lawrence's--not yet receipted--
You'll find the amount upon his list of losses),
Then fill'd his rooms with servants, and whatever
Is necessary for a "genteel liver."

This last removal fix'd him: every stain
Was blotted from his "household coat," and he
Now "show'd the world he was a gentleman,"
And, what is better, could afford to be;
His step was loftier than it was of old,
His laugh less frequent, and his manner told

What lovers call "unutterable things"--
That sort of dignity was in his mien
Which awes the gazer into ice, and brings
To recollection some great man we've seen,
The Governor, perchance, whose eye and frown,
'Twas shrewdly guess'd, would knock Judge Skinner down.

And for "Resources," both of purse and head,
He was a subject worthy Bristed's pen;
Believed devoutly all his flatterers said,
And deem'd himself a Croesus among men;
Spread to the liberal air his silken sails,
And lavish'd guineas like a Prince of Wales.

He mingled now with those within whose veins
The blood ran pure--the magnates of the land--
Hail'd them as his companions and his friends,
And lent them money and his note of hand.
In every institution, whose proud aim
Is public good alone, he soon became

A man of consequence and notoriety;
His name, with the addition of esquire,
Stood high upon the list of each society,
Whose zeal and watchfulness the sacred fire
Of science, agriculture, art, and learning,
Keep on our country's altars bright and burning.

At Eastburn's Rooms he met, at two each day,
With men of taste and judgment like his own,
And play'd "first fiddle" in that orchestra
Of literary worthies--and the tone
Of his mind's music, by the listeners caught,
Is traced among them still in language and in thought.

He once made the Lyceum a choice present
Of muscle shells pick'd up at Rockaway;
And Mitchill gave a classical and pleasant
Discourse about them in the streets that day,
Naming the shells, and hard to put in verse 'twas,
"Testaceous coverings of bivalve moluscas."

He was a trustee of a Savings Bank,
And lectured soundly every evil doer,
Gave dinners daily to wealth, power, and rank,
And sixpence every Sunday to the poor;
He was a wit, in the pun-making line--
Past fifty years of age, and five feet nine.

But as he trod to grandeur's pinnacle,
With eagle eye and step that never falter'd,
The busy tongue of scandal dared to tell
That cash was scarce with him, and credit alter'd;
And while he stood the envy of beholders,
The Bank Directors grinn'd, and shrugg'd their shoulders.

And when these, the Lord Burleighs of the minute,
Shake their sage heads, and look demure and holy,
Depend upon it there is something in it;
For whether born of wisdom or of folly,
Suspicion is a being whose fell power
Blights every thing it touches, fruit and flower.

Some friends (they were his creditors) once hinted
About retrenchment and a day of doom;
He thank'd them, as no doubt they kindly meant it,
And made this speech, when they had left the room:
"Of all the curses upon mortals sent,
One's creditors are the most impudent;

"Now I am one who knows what he is doing,
And suits exactly to his means his ends;
How can a man be in the path to ruin,
When all the brokers are his bosom friends?
Yet, on my hopes, and those of my dear daughter,
These rascals throw a bucket of cold water!

"They'd wrinkle with deep cares the prettiest face,
Pour gall and wormwood in the sweetest cup,
Poison the very wells of life--and place
Whitechapel needles, with their sharp points up,
Even in the softest feather bed that e'er
Was manufactured by upholsterer."

This said--he journey'd "at his own sweet will,"
Like one of Wordsworth's rivers, calmly on;
But yet, at times, Reflection, "in her still
Small voice," would whisper, something must be done;
He ask'd advice of Fanny, and the maid
Promptly and duteously lent her aid.

She told him, with that readiness of mind
And quickness of perception which belong
Exclusively to gentle womankind,
That to submit to slanderers was wrong,
And the best plan to silence and admonish them,
Would be to give "a party"--and astonish them.

The hint was taken--and the party given;
And Fanny, as I said some pages since,
Was there in power and loveliness that even,
And he, her sire, demean'd him like a prince,
And all was joy--it look'd a festival,
Where pain might smooth his brow, and grief her smiles recall.

But Fortune, like some others of her sex,
Delights in tantalizing and tormenting;
One day we feed upon their smiles--the next
Is spent in swearing, sorrowing, and repenting.
(If in the last four lines the author lies,
He's always ready to apologize.)

Eve never walk'd in Paradise more pure
Than on that morn when Satan play'd the devil
With her and all her race. A love-sick wooer
Ne'er ask'd a kinder maiden, or more civil,
Than Cleopatra was to Antony
The day she left him on the Ionian sea.

The serpent--loveliest in his coiled ring,
With eye that charms, and beauty that outvies
The tints of the rainbow--bears upon his sting
The deadliest venom. Ere the dolphin dies
Its hues are brightest. Like an infant's breath
Are tropic winds, before the voice of death

Is heard upon the waters, summoning
The midnight earthquake from its sleep of years
To do its task of wo. The clouds that fling
The lightning, brighten ere the bolt appears;
The pantings of the warrior's heart are proud
Upon that battle morn whose night-dews wet his shroud;

The sun is loveliest as he sinks to rest;
The leaves of autumn smile when fading fast;
The swan's last song is sweetest--and the best
Of Meigs's speeches, doubtless, was his last.
And thus the happiest scene, in these my rhymes,
Closed with a crash, and usher'd in--hard times.

St. Paul's toll'd one--and fifteen minutes after
Down came, by accident, a chandelier;
The mansion totter'd from the floor to rafter!
Up rose the cry of agony and fear!
And there was shrieking, screaming, bustling, fluttering,
Beyond the power of writing or of uttering.
