title: Psalm Cxxxvii
author: Fitz-Greene Halleck
date: c. 1825
source: https://archive.org/details/alnwickcastlewit15hall (Alnwick Castle, with Other Poems, New York: G. & C. Carvill, 1827; OCR text)
form: iambic trimeter
lines: 53
attribution: certain
notes: paraphrase of Psalm 137; OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

We sat us down and wept,
Where Babel's waters slejit,
And we thought of home and Zion as a long-gone, happy dream:
We hung our harps in air
On the willow boughs, which there.
Gloomy as round a sepulchre, were drooping o'er the stream.
The foes, whose chain we wore.
Were with us on that shore.
Exulting in our tears that told the bitterness of woe.
" Sing us," they cried aloud,
" The songs ye sang in Zion ere we laid her glory low."

And shall the harp of heaven
To Judah's monarch given
Be touched by captive fingers, or grace a fettered hand?
No! sooner be my tongue
Mute, powerless, and unstrung,
Than its words of holy music make glad a stranger land.
May this right hand, whose skill
Can wake the harp at will.
And bid the listeners joys or griefs in light or darkness come,
Forget its godlike power,
If for one brief, dark hour.
My heart forgets Jerusalem, fallen city of my home!
Daughter of Babylon!
Blest be that chosen one,
Whom God shall send to smite thee when there is none to save;
He from the mother's breast,
Shall pluck the babe at rest.
And lay it in the sleep of death beside its father's grave.

The world is bright before thee,
Its summer flowers are thine,
Its cahn blue sky is o'er thee,
Thy bosom Pleasure's shrine;
And thine the sunbeam given
To Nature's morning hour,
Pure, warm, as when from heaven
It burst on Eden's bower.
There is a song of sorrow,
The death-dirge of the gay,
That tells, ere dawn of morrow.
These charms may melt away.
That sun's bright beam be shaded,
That sky be blue no more.
The summer flowers be faded.
And youth's warm promise o'er.

Believe it not — though lonely
Thy evening home may be;
Though Beauty's bark can only
Float on a summer sea;
Though Time thy bloom is stealing,
There's still beyond his art
The v^^ild-flower wreath of feeling,
The sunbeam of the heart.
