ys : 
Aer) 7 it 


¥ 


i) 


> 
De 


SDAA 


ay é he 


aw, 
ig 


ee 
se ue 
% i Ne a 


a 


See 


en 


(sated 


a 


re 


Rati athe 
Lane ie 
Noes 


peyit 
es 
A 
PEE AAA 
u a 4 


ie 


Faye, ah 
Le 1a 


ee RS 
AAAS 


ye 


rors 


ee Nie iG 
EW teat 3 
i Pra oe 


a aS 
ayo 
” 


yo 


ee Pesce: 


wr SS 


hey 


tthe tery 


bli cated te 6 4 ee 


Pog eriss SS 3 


(ess toe 


Ok 


o- fe - - ~~ - te dee eee OE NNN ene en ne en ee ee ee ee eee eee 


GIFT 
TO THE B. Y. U. LIBRARY 
ie aby 


; Aen 
pe Neri 
S ONS 


a 


iT 
Se Bis, 
nye? 


MUrAR! 


NORA aia 
hi Peet Heli 


Pa aN ee 


Does. 


PV SS a 


“aes 


HISTORY 


OF 


THE AMERICAN FUR TRADE 


OF THE 


FAR WEST 


be A 
Gadd 
q t4 
UUs 
Cs 
* 
CONTENTS OF VOLUME II. 
CHAPTER XXVII. ~s 
PAGE 
THe Santa Fe TrapeE—Santa FE . : ; ; . | « 483-488 
CHAPTER XXVIII. 
Tue Santa Fe Trape.— HistoricaL SKETCH ‘ ; . 4890-514 
CHAPTER XXIX. 
Tue Santa FE Trape.— CHARACTER OF THE BUSINESS . . 515-529 
CHAPTER XOCxX. 
THe Santa FE TrapeE.—THE TRAIL é ‘ ‘ ; . 530-544 
CHAPTER XXXI. 
THe SANTA FE TRADE.—INCIDENTS OF THE TRAIL A . 545-553 


PART III. 


DONTEMPORARY EVENTS CONNECTED WITH THE: FUR 


TRADE. 
CHAPTER I. 
THe War oF 1812 : : ‘ ; ; . 555-501 
CHAPTER TT: 
Tue YELLOWSTONE EXPEDITION OF I8I9-1820 . ; - . 562-587 


CHAP PER IIT. 


Tue ARICARA CAMPAIGN OF 1823. : : A . 588-607 


v1 CONTENTS. 


CHAPTER IV. 

PAGE 

THe YELLOWSTONE EXPEDITION OF 1825. : : , . 608-618 
CHAPTER V. 

THe SMALLPOX SCOURGE OF 1837. ; ; ; ‘ . 619-627 
CHAPTER VI. 

Mixirary OccupPpaTION A 5 ; ; ; , ; . 628-633 
CHAPTER VII. 

GEOGRAPHICAL AND SCIENTIFIC EXPLORATIONS . : : . 634-630 
CHAPTER VIII. 

MISSIONARY WorK A ‘ ; : : ; ; . 640-640 


PART IV. 


NOTABLE INCIDENTS AND CHARACTERS IN THE HISTORY 
OF THE \FUR) TRADE, 


CHAPTER TL, 

“Tue Lost TRAPPERS”  . , : : . 651-656 
CHAPTER. 

Tre Battie oF Pierre's HOLE : : : s : . 657-664 


CHAPTER III. 


THe DEATH OF HENRY VANDERBURGH  . ; ? a . 665-672 


CHAPTER IV. 


Tue Battte or Fort MCKENZIE. : ; ; : . 673-677 
CHAPTER V. 

SmuccLINc Liguor up THE MISsouURI . { A : . 678-683 
CHAPTER VI. 

RosE AND BECKWouURTH, THE Crow CHIEFS. : 3 . 684-691 


CHAPTER XXVII. 
THE SANTA FE TRADE. 
SANTA FE. 


Antiquity of Santa Fe — Early history — Description — Character of 
population — Government of New Mexico — Religion — Jealous feeling 
toward the United States— Backward state of commerce — Domestic 
life— Allegiance of the people to their government. 


T HE scene of our narrative now shifts from regions that 

had but recently come to the knowledge of the civil- 
ized world to one of the oldest settlements of Euro- 
pean colonists upon the continent of America. Three hun- 
dred years before the close of the period covered by this 
work the Spanish had entered New Mexico, Arizona, and 
California. Long before any one but De Soto had entered 
. the almost illimitable valley of the Mississippi Coronado had 
crossed many tributaries of that stream and had even pene- 
trated to the plains of central Kansas. At the time when 
Louisiana came into the possession of the United States, 
there were communities upon its very borders already vener- 
able with two centuries of history under European govern- 
ment, and entitled to be called “old” in a degree which 
many of the United States, even a century later, can not 
approach. In dealing with those scattered communities of 
traders whose adventures are the subject of our present in- 
quiries, we find them now wandering over unknown and un- 
explored wilds, treading upon ground untrodden by white 
men before, and anon trafficking in the streets of a town 
where Europeans had held sway for six generations. It 
was a singular circumstance, this contiguity of the new and 
the old, and how such a condition could have lasted so long 


A484 SANTA FE. 


would be quite inexplicable without a clear understanding 
of the claims of the rival colonizing powers of Europe. 

Santa Fe was founded in the first or second decade of the 
seventeenth century. The precise date and circumstances of 
this event are not known, and may never be, but the date 
itself lies between 1609 and 1617. Thus, while not the old- 
est town in the United States, it is one of the oldest and is 
surpassed in this distinction by only two or three others. 

The little village had an arduous road to travel in 
its first two hundred years of existence. It was con- 
quered by the natives and reconquered from them, but 
finally arrived at the portal of the nineteenth century with its 
authority fairly established, although not upon that firm 
foundation which alone can ensure the stability of govern- 
ment. The native races, with whom its people had mingled 
to such an extent as to produce a mixed class in which the 
Spanish and native blood about equally prevailed, had never 
become, in spite of this consanguinity, loyal supporters of 
their Spanish and Mexican rulers. 

Santa Fe, during the period of its most prosperous trade 
with the United States, was a city of perhaps three thousand 
inhabitants. It had grown up among: the ancient Pueblo 
towns of the upper Rio Grande, and it is even claimed by 
some, although on doubtful authority, to have occupied the 
site of one. The city lies on a small tributary of the Rio 
Grande, some twelve miles east of the river. The valley 
where the town is built is one of the most beautiful in the 
West. The surrounding peaks, some of them resting at alti- 
tudes where the snow rarely disappears, engirdle it like a 
mighty wall which is at once an ornament and a protection. 
The climate is mild and salubrious and the situation as a 
whole is ideal. 

The old city presented in appearance nothing in common 
with a modern American city. The streets seem to have 
radiated from a central point like the roots of a tree, along 
lines of least resistance, and are mostly without any pretense 
of regularity, either in direction, width, or grade. The only 


‘ \h 


POPULATION OF SANTA FE. 485 


marked exception was the Plaza, or public square, the cen- 
tral common of the town. On one side of this square 
stood, and still stands, a long, low, one-story building, dig- 
nified with the name of palace, and probably the most inter- 
esting historic edifice in New Mexico or in the entire south- 
west. Other buildings of notable antiquity are the cathedral 
and church of San Miguel, the latter being one of the very 
oldest structures in the United States. The buildings were 
mostly constructed of adobe and at a distance presented the 
appearance of a group of brick-kilns. It is recorded of a 
very intelligent and discriminating observer that upon his 
first visit to Santa Fe he hailed the sight of these rude heaps 
as evidences that he was near his destination, for he thought 
them simply the brick yards where the city manufactured 
its building material. He was greatly astonished to learn 
that they were the city itself. Few of the buildings had any 
glass, yet the interiors were often furnished with a consid- 
erable degree of luxury. 

In the little town thus meagerly described and in others 
of lesser note for several hundreds of miles along the Rio 
Grande north and south, dwelt a population little enough 
like that of the United States. It was not very far removed 
from the ancient pueblos in whose midst it existed and with 
whom it was so largely amalgamated. Art and learning 
were practically unknown except among the military and 
religious orders and even there they scarcely deserved the 
name. An impenetrable ignorance of the outside world 
pervaded nearly all classes, an ignorance in part the result of 
the extreme isolation of the colony and in part fostered by 
the authorities, both civil and religious, as a safeguard to 
the never-sure allegiance of the subjects either to church or 
state. No such thing as a public press was known. Of 
medical and other sciences there was the densest ignorance, 
and even the common arts, upon which so much of every- 
day life depends, were in a hopelessly backward state. Agri- 
culture rivaled its sister arts in the state of neglect which 
oppressed it. The industry of mining, the most important 


486 DISCOVERY OF GOLD IN COLORADO. 


in the province, was so trammeled with government restric- 
tions and ignorance of the art of mining that the wealth 
which lay within the bosom of those mountains remained 
almost untouched until that country came into the possession 
of the United States.* 

The government of New Mexico was no better than its 
various manifestations that we have just described. It was, 
what Gregg aptly calls it, a military hierarchy. The army 
and the priests were the ruling power. Although a feeble 
attempt was at one time made at representative government, 
it was promptly abandoned and the conduct of affairs was 
generally prescribed according to the unrestricted will of 
colonial governors. Justice was administered on the basis 
of open and unblushing corruption and a long purse was the 
only passport to judicial favors. 

The religion of the people was exclusively Catholic. No 
other form of public worship was allowed and foreigners 
were compelled to confine their devotions to their own 
homes. The Church was the one flourishing institution in 
the colony and the repository of Wet little leasning was to 
be found there.? 

Here, as in all her colonies, Spain exhibited that petty 
jealousy of rival powers which is born of conscious inferior- 
ity and a prescience of impending-decay. This feeling was 


*James Purcell was the discoverer of gold ‘ the mountains of 
Colorado. About the year 1804, while wandering alone among the 
mountains near the head of the Arkansas, he found a small amount 
of gold, which he later threw away despairing of ever reaching civiliza-— 
tion. Gregg, in Commerce of the Prairies, vol. II., p. 185, states that 
“some trappers have reported an extensive gold region about the 
sources of the Platte river; yet although recent search has been made 
it has not been discovered.”” Some reader of the copy of Gregg’s work 
which belongs to the Mercantile Library of St. Louis placed the follow- 
ing note opposite the above extract in the year 1858: “The truth of 
this report has been confirmed this year.” 

*Governor Marmaduke, who visited Santa Fe in 1824, expressed ‘his 
astonishment at the blind religious zeal of the people. Only the Catho- 
lic religion was tolerated, but it seemed to him unquestionably the one 
best suited to the people. 


COMMERCIAL CONDITIONS. 487 


particularly bitter toward the United States, which to Span- 
ish eyes was a black cloud rising on the horizon and certain 
soon to burst like a tempest over the land. Throughout the 
two score years of commercial intercourse prior to the con- 
quest of Mexico, American citizens underwent every form 
of indignity at the hands of the government, from conniv- 
ance at petty thefts of the trader’s goods to the basest and 
most unprovoked murders. The moralist may not wholly 
approve of the motive behind the American cause in the War 
with Mexico, but if all other motives were lacking, that 
alone of expiation for the accumulated wrongs of many © 
years would justify the conquest of this vast territory from 
a government that did not know how to rule it. 

It follows as a matter of course that with a government 
and a people such as have been described, commerce could 
not but languish. The trade of the colony was hampered 
alike by distance and government restrictions. Before the 
American imports began to arrive, foreign goods came 
mostly by way of Vera Cruz over a road between fifteen 
hundred and two thousand miles long. By the time they 
reached Sante Fe they brought a price (when people could 
afford to buy) which seems almost incredible when com- 
pared with those of today. Under these conditions trade 
was necessarily small and the people were forced to do with- 
out many things which others of no better means, but living 
nearer the coast, could procure. It was a blessing to the 
isolated New Mexican when the hated and dreaded Ameri- 
can arrived. 

From this sinister aspect of New Mexican institutions it 
might be concluded that a people so circumstanced must be 
unhappy and miserable as under an unjust oppression. But 
this would be a great mistake. Buried in ignorance, they 
did not know their true estate and, like the negro in 
slavery, were contented with a condition which would be 
abhorrent to a people of higher civilization. Devoid of the 
cares that spring from an ambitious nature, content with 
their daily lot, looking forward to no higher condition, they 
exhibited to the foreign visitor a more serene contentment 


488 CONTENTMENT OF THE PEOPLE. 


than he was familiar with under the boasted institutions of 
his own country. Their simple habits of life, their various 
amusements, their fandangoes, music, and balls, their sports 
— and above all their gambling, gave to their listless minds 
all the exercise they needed. The Church held absolute 
monopoly of their spiritual guidance and led them in blind 
obedience along the devious ways of a morality based upon 
ignorance and superstition. She ministered largely to their 
temporal pleasures by her numerous fetes and holidays, and 
at the same time held out to their minds the promise of 
eternal happiness when this round of pleasure should come 
to an end. ; 

The allegiance of such a people to such a government 
could not be strong. Even the dark ignorance in which 
they lived did not entirely blind them to the fact that their 
rulers cared more for themselves than for their people. 
Gleams from the restless fires of liberty that were burning 
in the outside world now and then shot into the little valley 
from beyond the mountains, and there was a latent feeling 
that a better state of affairs ought to exist than their govern- 
ment was able to give. This feeling the later intercourse 
with the American traders did much to foster, and the 
American government when it arrived found a people to 
whom their old allegiance had become a byword, and who 
were ready to welcome the liberator with open arms.® 


*“ These people are wonderfully improved, I am told, within the last 
three years, as well in their manners, dress, etc., as in their political 
advancement. Liberal principles are fast gaining ground and taking 
deep root and in proportion as these increase, the bigotry and tyranny 
of the church are weakened.” Letter from an American trader dated 
Santa Fe, Feb. 7, 1826, published in the Missouri Republican, April 20, 
1826. 


CHAPIER XXVIII. 
THE SANTA FE TRADE. 


HISTORICAL SKETCH. 


The Mallet brothers — First commercial expedition — Morrison and 
La Lande— James Purcell — Manuel Lisa — Pike’s expedition — Mal- 
gares’ expedition— The Spaniard and the American — McKnight, 
Baird and Chambers— Chouteau and DeMunn— Adventures of D. 
Meriwether — Termination of Spanish sovereignty in Mexico — Baird, 
McKnight and Chambers again — William Becknell — Glenn and Fow- 
ler — Becknell’s second journey — First wagons on the Santa Fe Trail— 
Expedition of Baird and Chambers, 1822 — Expeditions of 1824 — Beck- 
nell on Green river — Expedition of James O. Pattie— Summary of 
early expeditions — Government survey of road to Santa Fe — Military 
escorts to the caravans — Major Riley’s escort — Obstacles to the trade 
— Influence of the trade upon the War with Mexico. 


ROBABLY the first expedition that ever crossed the 
country all the way between Santa Fe and the Mis- 
souri river was the Spanish military force which was de- 
stroyed by the Missouri Indians in 1720. The next was 
that of the Mallet brothers who in 1739 set out with six 
companions to go from the French settlements on the Mis- 
sissippi to the Spanish settlements of New Mexico. They 
had understood that their route lay by the headwaters of 
the Missouri and they consequently ascended that stream as 
far as the Aricara villages, where they learned their mis- 
take. Retracing their steps for a distance they struck 
across the country to the southwest, passing the Pawnee 
villages on their way, and arrived at Santa Fe July 22, 1739. 
On the 1st of May, 1740, they started on their way back. 
Three of the party returned by way of the Pawnee villages 
and the rest went down the Arkansas and the Mississippi 
to New Orleans. 


490 FIRST POST ON THE UPPER ARKANSAS. 


The first known expedition from the upper Mississippi 
country to the neighborhood of the Spanish settlements near 
Santa Fe, undertaken strictly for purposes of trade, is 
described by Captain Amos Stoddard in his Sketches of 
Louisiana. No date is given, but it was before 1763, 
though probably not long before, for one of the members 
of the party was still living in 1812. Captain Stoddard’s 
account of the expedition runs thus: ‘‘ While Louisiana was 
in the hands of France, some of the French traders from the 
upper Mississippi transported a quantity of merchandise by 
way of the Arkansas to the Mexican mountains where they 
erected a temporary store, and opened a trade with the In- 
dians and likewise with the Spaniards of north Mexico, 
The Spanish traders at or near Santa Fe, deeming this an 
infringement of their privileged rights, procured the im- 
prisonment of the Mississippi adventurers, and the seizure 
of their effects; and demanded punishment and confiscation. 
The cause was ultimately decided at Havana. The 
prisoners were liberated and their property restored on the 
ground that the store in question (situated on the east side 
of the summit of the mountains, and below the source of the 
Arkansas) was within the boundaries of Louisiana.” From 
this description it is evident that the “ temporary store’ was 
in the neighborhood of the modern city of Pueblo, Colorado. 
and was therefore the first structure known to have been 
erected by white men within the limits of the state of 
Colorado. 

‘During the Spanish regime in upper Louisiana there 
would seem to have been no reason of a political character 
why a trade between St. Louis and Santa Fe should not have 
sprung up. But it did not to any great extent, for there is 
no record of any expedition either way during this period. 
There must, however, have been some intercourse, for Lewis 
and Clark incidentally refer to communication with that 
country in a way to lead one to suppose that it was not an 
uncommon thing. 

The second commercial expedition of which we have a 


LA LANDE’S ADVENTURES. 491 


positive record, occurred almost simultaneously with the 
transfer of Louisiana to the United States. It was made 
by William~ Morrison of Kaskaskia, Ulinois, a leading 
merchant of the Mississippi valley and later a member of the 
firm of Lisa, Morrison and Menard in 1807, and of the 
Missouri Fur Company in 1809. In the spring of 1804 
Morrison sent one Baptiste La Lande, a French Creole, to 
find his way to Santa Fe and carry thither a small assort- 
ment of goods with a view of ascertaining what kind of a 
market was to be found there. La Lande traveled by way 
of the Pawnee villages, ascended the Platte river to the 
mountains, and then sent some Indians to Santa Fe to see 
if he would be permitted to visit the town. Some Spaniards 
came out to meet him and escorted him and his merchandise 
to the village. He probably reached Santa Fe in the sum- 
mer or fall of 1804. He told Pike in March, 1807, that he 
had been there nearly three years. The goods found ready 
market and La Lande quickly accomplished the purpose of 
his mission. But he was a long way from home, between 
which and him intervened many hundreds of miles of desert 
country and many hundreds of dangerous savages. The 
dread of these perils was magnified by the Mexicans, who 
wanted La Lande to stay there. The government also lent 
its assistance by offering him land, doubtless preferring that 
he should stay rather than return with reports which would 
inevitably lead to a renewal of the enterprise. Last, and 
perhaps most effectual, the influence of female admirers 
turned the scale of the doubtful adventurer. He shuffled off 
without apparent compunction his obligation to his em- 
ployer, appropriated the money to his own use, and decided 
to make Santa Fe his home. 

When Lieutenant Pike left St. Louis on his official expedi- 
~ tion to the source of the Red river in 1806 Morrison seized 
the opportunity to get word, if possible, to Santa Fe, and 
find out what had become of La Lande, and he placed his 
claims against La Lande in Pike’s hands. Later Pike made 
this commission an occasion for sending an emissary to 


AQ2 JAMES PURCELL. 


Santa Fe; but, as the student of Western history knows, he 
was himself escorted thither, vw et armis, and had an oppor- 
tunity to press the claim in person. In fact, La Lande was 
sent to him in the character of a spy to draw from him the 
motives of his visit to the Spanish frontier. But Pike 
quickly fathomed his design and treated the renegade so 
unceremoniously that he was fain to beat a precipitate retreat 
from the presence of the irate officer. 

This is about all we know of La Lande. Pike endeavored 
to secure satisfaction of Morrison’s claim, but without suc- 
cess, and the faithless fellow was left in congenial company 
among his adopted compatriots. 

Less than a year after the arrival of La Lande in Santa 
Fe, or in June, 1805, James Purcell, a native of Bardstown, 
Kentucky, arrived. In 1802 with two companions he left 
St. Louis to hunt among the Osage Indians, and when about 
to depart by way of the Arkansas river for New Orleans. 
was robbed of his furs by a band of Kansas Indians. 
Purcell and his companions recovered their property by dint 
of daring performances which excited the admiration of the 
Indians and even of some of the traders who happened to be 
in the vicinity. The little party now undertook to reach 
St. Louis, but ill luck seemed to pursue them, for they lost 
all their furs in the Missouri river near the mouth of the 
Kansas. Here they met a trader on his way up the river 
to the Mandan Indians and Purcell joined his expedition. 
Upon arriving at their destination Purcell was dispatched 
to the southwest to trade with the plains Indians in the valley 
of the Platte. In the spring of 1805 the bands of Indians 
with whom he was wandering were driven into the Bayou 
Salade where the South Platte finds its source. The 
Indians, who knew that they were not far from the Spanish 
settlements, sent Purcell to get permission to come in and 
trade. He arrived in June, 1805, and liked the situation 
so well that he did not even return with the Indian deputies 
to notify the parties who had sent him of the success of the 
errand, 


SCHEMES OF MANUEL LISA. 493 


Purcell remained in Santa Fe for many years thereafter. 
Up to the time of Pike’s arrival he had been pursuing his 
trade of carpenter to great profit except, as he assured Pike, 
when working for officers. He was held under pretty strict 
surveillance, was forbidden to write, and narrowly escaped 
capital punishment for having unwittingly violated the local 
law by making some gunpowder. But on the whole he 
found the new situation agreeable and decided to make 
Santa Fe his future home. 

In 1806 there was being organized at St. Louis by a 
prominent trader a project for trade with Santa Fe. The 
scheme was to form a large depot among the Osages, and 
then at the proper time to push on with an escort of friendly 
Indians to within “ three or four days’ travel of the Spanish 
settlements.” Leaving the main party with the goods under 
guard of the friendly Indians, the leader was to go to Santa 
Fe with a few well-selected articles and try to get permis- 
sion to bring in his entire outfit. If not successful he was 
to induce as many Spaniards as possible to go back with him 
and trade at his camp. 

Nothing more was ever heard of the venture, and it is 
known to us only through a letter of instruction from Gen- 
eral Wilkinson to Lieutenant Pike, dated August 6, 1806. 
In this letter Wilkinson takes strong ground against the 
enterprise and urges Pike to do all in his power to frustrate 
it. The name of this enterprising trader is not mentioned, 
but it is thought to be Manuel Lisa. The surmise is very 
probably correct, for nothing could have been more natural 
than that Lisa should have undertaken such a venture. He 


* Pike is almost our only authority upon La Lande and Purcell, but I 
have seen a confirmatory reference to the latter in the Missouri Intelli- 
gencer of April 10, 1824, which contains an article upon the Navajo In- 
dians by one James Purcell, lately returned from Santa Fe and “ for 
nineteen years a citizen of New Mexico.” This confirms the date of 
his arrival as given by Pike, 1805. The spelling Purcell is undoubtedly 
correct although Pike gives it as Pursley. 

* So considered by Dr. Elliott Coues in his carefully annotated edition 
of Pike’s Journals, Francis P. Harper, New York, 1895. 


494 PIKES EXPEDITION. 


was already in relations with William Morrison, who had 
sent La Lande to Santa Fe, and who was anxious to learn 
the fate of that expedition. But if it was Lisa that gentle- 
man’s attention was soon turned to other Pek of activity 
and his plans never materialized. 

The first journey ever made by an officer of the United 
States government to Santa Fe occurred in 1806-7. Lieu- 
tenant Zebulon Montgomery Pike was ordered to visit cer- 
tain tribes of Indians in the newly-acquired regions to the 
west and southwest of St. Louis, among them the 
Comanches, near the sources of the Arkansas and Red rivers, 
and also to determine the “ direction, extent and naviga- 
tion”’ of those two streams. It was inevitable that these 
instructions should take him into Spanish territory and there 
is strong reason to suspect that he had other instructions, 
not in writing, that required him to push his explorations 
much nearer the Spanish capital of Santa Fe than his pub- 
lished orders or his skilful disclaimer in his journal would 
indicate. No one may ever know whether the trap into 
which Pike ran, when he built his redoubt on the west 
bank of the Rio Grande and hoisted the American flag in 
the very faces of the Spaniards, was a trap set by himself 
or not; but every circumstance of the expedition indicates 
that it was all a scheme to get into Santa Fe and learn what 
he could of the country without having his purpose 
suspected. Such at any rate was the outcome of the affair. 
Pike and the remnants of his party, after the terrible experi- 
ence of the previous winter in the mountains, were marched 
as prisoners to Santa Fe. Thence, after a brief sojourn, 
they were taken to Chihuahua, where they were brought 
before the governor. ‘They were then permitted to return 
home, which they did via Natchitoches on the Red river, 
where they arrived July 1, 1807. 

It is not the purpose here to give any detailed account ot 
this celebrated expedition. It has been dealt with ii the 
most exhaustive manner by the latest editor of Fike’s Jour- 
nals, Dr. Elliott Coues. and does not come within the 


MALGARES EXPEDITION. 495 


program of the present work further than to show its rela- 
tions to the development of the Santa Fe trade. Pike 


cial and political condition of this Spanish province, and 
his expedition had unquestionably a large influence in 
inducing traders to look in that direction for profitable 
adventure. 

It is an interesting coincidence that almost simultaneously 
with the United States exploring expedition into Spanish 
territory there took place a much more formidable one from 
Santa Fe far into United States territory. The Spanish 
expedition consisted of one hundred dragoons of the regular 
army and five hundred mounted militia, with two extra 
horses and a mule to each man and ammunition for six 
months. It was commanded by a distinguished Spanish 
officer, Don Facundo Malgares. It left Santa Fe probably 
about the middle of June, for that was the date of a commis- 
sion carried by Malgares to the chief of the Pawnees. The 
route of the party at first lay down the Canadian, thence 
northeast to the Arkansas, and from that point to the Pawnee 
villages where a grand council was held. The expedition 
then returned to Santa Fe where it arrived in October. The 
Spaniards could scarcely have been a month ahead of the 
Americans at the Pawnee villages. Their expedition, 
according to Pike, was intended to forestall his own, and it 
is a remarkable instance of the energetic fashion in which 
a Spaniard could execute an enterprise when he once really 
set about it. 

There is a profound significance in the almost simulta- 
neous presence of these two expeditions upon the boundless 
prairies that separated the frontier settlements of their 
respective countries. One was looking into the future and 
paving a way for the irresistible expansion of his people. 
The other was clinging to the past and watching with dis- 
trustful eye the too rapid progress of a rival power. Both 
were visiting the wild inhabitants of the plains and seeking 


490 M KNIGHT, BAIRD, AND CHAMBERS. 


with presents and speeches and grandiloquent pictures of the 
greatness of their respective nations, to secure their attach- 
ment. In this preliminary skirmish between two powers, 
which were even then, did they but know it, preparing the 
way for inevitable conflict, the advantage was on the side 
of the Spaniard. Between the powerful and well-appointed 
expedition of Malgares and the small and poorly-equipped 
handful of men with Pike the contrast was great, and to the 
untutored mind of the prairie inhabitant there could be no 
doubt of the outcome of a trial of strength between their 
governments. He could not see the forces behind these 
outward manifestations — the expanding vigor of a young 
nation and the decadent energies of the old; but in due time 
he came to know. 

It was not until several years after Pike’s return that 
attempts were renewed to open a trade with Santa Fe — at 
least no records of such attempts have come down to us. 
Public attention had been strongly attracted to the upper 
Missouri by the return of Lewis and Clark. All the lead- 
ing St. Louis traders had united in a company to prosecute 
the trade in that region, and for the time being the south- 
west dropped out of consideration.® 

The next expedition to Santa Fe of which there is any 
record took place in 1812. It was composed of twelve men, 
the leaders of the enterprise being Robert McKnight, James 
Baird and Samuel Chambers. They were induced to under- 
take the journey in the belief that Spanish authority in New 
Mexico was overthrown by the revolutionary chief Hidalgo, 
and that they should find the baneful customs and regula- 
tions which were practically prohibitive of foreign trade, 
removed. Their hopes were doomed not only to disappoint- 
ment, but to a reality exactly the reverse of what they 
expected. The Hidalgo movement had failed, the chief had 


*In November, 1800, three men by the names of Smith, McClanahan 
and Patterson, under the guidance of a Spaniard, Manuel Blanco, left 
St. Louis for Santa Fe. Nothing further is known of them—Missouri 
Gazette, October, 1810. 


CHOUTEAU AND DE MUNN. 497 


been executed, and the Spanish authorities, intensely sus- 
picious of foreigners and especially of Americans, seized 
the traders immediately upon their arrival, sent them to Chi- 
huahua and put them in prison. Here they remained 
upwards of nine years, or until the revolutionary movement 
finally succeeded under Iturbide, when they were set at 
liberty. Mr. John McKnight, brother of the trader, went 
to New Mexico to find his brother in 1821 and both returned 
with several other traders in September, 1822.* Baird also 
returned in 1822 while Chambers made his way down the 
Canadian in the fall of 1821. 

The next expedition to Santa Fe, so far as is known, 
occurred in 1815-17. In the summer of 1815, Mr. A. P. 
Chouteau and Julius De Munn of St. Louis formed a part- 
nership for the purpose of trading on the upper Arkansas. 
They left St. Louis on the roth of September, “‘ in company 
with Mr. Phillebert, a trader, who had gone to the moun- 
tains the year before, and who had come back to get a 
supply of goods to enable him to buy horses to bring 1n his 
furs.”® On their way to the mountains Chouteau and 
De Munn purchased Phillebert’s entire outfit and the time 
of his men. Phillebert had appointed Huerfano creek, a 
branch of the Arkansas, as a rendezvous for his men, but 
when his party arrived there, December 8, 1815, they learned 
from some Indians that the men, despairing of Phillebert’s 
return, and being destitute of necessaries, had taken every- 
thing with them and had gone over to the Spaniards. It 
was accordingly decided that De Munn should go after 
them. He found the men at Taos, where they had been well 
treated, and upon going to Santa Fe to see the governor he 
was himself very well received at the capital. . This favor- 
able reception induced De Munn to seek permission to trap 
on the headwaters of the Rio Grande, which he had observed 
to abound in beaver. The governor had not authority to 


*This disgraceful affair will always remain a blot upon the history of 
American diplomacy. 
’ ®See Part IV., Chapter I. 


498 EQUIVOCATING SPANIARDS. 


grant permission but promised to recommend it to his gov- 
ernment. Not being able to wait for a reply, De Munn 
went back, taking his engagés from Taos, and returned to 
Chouteau’s camp on the Huerfano. It was there decided 
that De Munn should return to St. Louis for an additional 
equipment. He accordingly set out on the 27th of Feb- 
ruary, 1816, with Phillebert and one man and reached St. 
Louis in forty-six days. 

De Munn, with a new outfit and party, left St. Louis July 
15, and returned to the mouth of the Kansas river, where he 
met Chouteau, who had agreed to come there with the 
winter’s hunt. Chouteau, on his way down, had had a 
severe fight with the Pawnees in which he had lost one man 
and had killed several of the Indians. After dispatching 
the furs to St. Louis Chouteau and De Munn returned to the 
mountains with a party of forty-five men. The hunters 
went on to the Sangre de Cristo mountains while De Munn 
started for Santa Fe to see if the governor had yet received 
authority for the Americans to hunt upon Spanish territory. 
He was disappointed to learn, before he reached Santa Fe, 
that there had been a change of governors and that the new 
incumbent was ill-disposed to his interests. He was not 
even permitted to visit the capital, but was ordered with all 
his people to withdraw from the Spanish dominions. De 
Munn returned with his party and all turned north to the 
headwaters of the Arkansas, where they remained during 
the fall and winter. 

It was then planned to start early in the spring and make a 
hunt on the headwaters of the Columbia ; but still hoping for 
some favorable concession from the Spaniards which would 
enable them to pursue their adventures in their present 
neighborhood, De Munn made another trip to Taos. He 
found things most unfavorable. The authorities pretended 
to have information that there were a fort and twenty thou- 
sand men on the Arkansas, and De Munn, instead of return- 
ing with the desired concession, was escorted back by two 
hundred armed men who were ordered to cause all caches 


TAKEN TO SANTA FE. 499 


to be raised, to investigate the question of the fort and armed 
force, and if nothing of that sort should be found, to conduct 
the traders a distance down the Arkansas, and then let them 
go back to St. Louis. After a long train of negotiations 
and an examination of the territory in question, it was 
finally agreed that the party might be allowed to remain on 
the north side of the river. 

An attempt was made in the spring of 1817 to reach the 
Columbia by crossing the mountains of Colorado, but the 
snow would not permit, and the season being now far 
advanced, it was decided that Chouteau should remain on 
the headwaters of the Arkansas and Platte for another year 
and that De Munn should return to St. Louis with the furs. 

Descending from the mountains to a place where a quan- 
tity of furs had been cached, both Chouteau and De Munn 
made preparations for the latter’s departure for St. Louis. 
May 23rd, 1817, was fixed as the date of departure. 
Unluckily it rained hard that day and prevented the start and 
on the 24th a force of Spanish troops appeared with orders 
to escort the whole party to Santa Fe. This was accord- 
ingly done, and all the furs and property of the traders were 
confiscated. The party were thrown into prison and for a 
time even confined in irons. After forty-eight days’ impris- 
onment they were tried by court-martial and sentenced to 
leave the dominions of Spain, forfeiting all their property 
except one horse each. The party returned to St. Louis, 
where they arrived early in September.® 

Thus, after three years of the arduous toil of a trapper’s 
life, these courageous adventurers had the satisfaction of 
seeing the whole fruit of their labors swept away in an 
instant. After their return to the United States a formal 
application for relief in the sum of about thirty thousand 


° Missourt Gazette, Sept. 13, 1817. “ Mr. Auguste Chouteau, Mr. De 
Munn and companions, after 48 days’ confinement in the prison of Santa 
Fe, returned last Sunday to their rejoicing families and friends.” 

For the circumstances of the Santa Fe court-martial see infra Chap- 
ter XXXI., Incidents of the Trail. 


500 END OF SPANISH DOMINION. 


dollars was made to the United States government. The 
claim was favorably reported upon, but whether ever paid 
or not does not appear. 

The outrageous treatment of Chouteau and De Munn, 
and the knowledge that a party of Americans were even then 
languishing in the dungeons of Chihuahua, seems to have 
deterred further adventure in that direction until the over- 
throw of Spanish power in Mexico in 1821. There is some 
evidence, however, that parties must have gone to Santa Fe 
during these years, for otherwise it is difficult to see upon 
what the St. Lous Inquirer of September, 1822, could have 
based the remark that “it is becoming a familiar operation 
for our citizens to visit this capital.’’ The only actual 
record of such a journey during these years that has come 
to our notice is that of a Mr. D. Meriwether, an Indian 
trader, who 1n 1819 accompanied a war party of Pawnees 
as far as to the Spanish frontier. Here they encountered a 
Spanish force by which the Pawnees were utterly defeated 
and Meriwether was taken prisoner, carried to Santa Fe, 
and placed in confinement. Over thirty years afterward he 
returned to the place of his imprisonment as governor of 
New Mexico. 

The period of Spanish dominion in New Mexico, which 
terminated in 1821, was thus marked by total failure on the 
part of American traders to gain any foothold in the Santa 
Fe trade, and the commerce of the prairies, which was soon 
to attain such large proportions, can not be said to have yet 
begun. 

The first effect of the change of form of government in 
New Mexico was favorable to the American traders, who 
were thereafter permitted to visit Santa Fe. As soon as 
the news of successful revolution reached the United States, 
John McKnight, brother of the unfortunate trader who, 
with James Baird, Samuel Chambers and others, had now 
been prisoners in Mexico for nine years, started for Chihua- 
hua to see if he could not secure his brother’s release. 
Whether as a result of this effort or not, the whole party 


WILLIAM BECKNELL. 501 


were set at liberty and returned to the United States. 
Chambers went home by way of the Canadian river in the 
fall of 1821. Baird and the McKnight brothers returned 
by way of Santa Fe. Upon their arrival at Taos they fell 
in with a party under two traders by the names of Hugh 
Glenn and Jacob Fowler, who had come out from the 
States the previous autumn and were now about to return.’ 
Joining this party June 1, 1822, they reached home in July 
following. 

To William Becknell, of Missouri, belongs the honor of 
being the founder of the Santa Fe trade and the father of 
the Santa Fe Trail. It was he who took the first success- 
ful trading expedition to Santa Fe. He first passed along 
the general route later followed and he was the first to take 
wagons over the route. In the Missouri Intelligencer of 
Franklin, Missouri, June 10, 1822, Becknell had an adver- 
tisement calling for a company of seventy men “ to go west- 
ward for the purpose of trading for horses and mules and 
catching wild animals of every description.” Although 
Santa Fe is not mentioned, it is difficult to conceive of 
any other place “ westward” where mules could be traded 
for. Thither in fact the party was bound. They rendez- 
voused at the home of Ezekiel Williams (of “ Lost Trap- 
pers”’ fame) on the 4th of August and crossed the Mis- 
souri at Arrow Rock, September 1st. They reached the 
Arkansas September 24th and Santa Fe November 16th. 
Becknell’s route was up the Arkansas to the mountains 
where, according to Gregg, it was his intention to remain 
and trade with the Indians, but having fallen in with a 
party of Mexicans he was induced to take his outfit to Santa 

"See infra p. 502. 

John McKnight subsequently built a post on the upper Arkansas near 
which he was killed by the Comanches in 1823. His fort was then 
abandoned.—Missouri Intelligencer, August 12, 1823. Robert Mc- 
Knight evidently returned in later years to the scene of his long 


incarceration, for Kit Carson says he hired out to him as teamster 
in Chihuahua in 1828. Peter’s Province Life and Frontier Adventures, 


Pp. 33. 


502 EXPEDITION OF GLENN AND FOWLER. 


Fe. Here he sold out at a handsome profit, and on Decem- 
ber 13th left San Miguel with a single companion by the 
name of McLaughlin and reached home January 29th, 1822. 
During the same year Jacob Fowler, of Covington, Ken- 
tucky, who rejoiced in the title of Major, and Hugh Glenn, 
of Cincinnati, Ohio, who was known among his acquaint- 
ances by the Blue Grass addition of Colonel, made a joint 
expedition to Santa Fe. Glenn had already established a 
trading post on the Arkansas river near the mouth of the 
Verdigris, and hither Major Fowler made his way via Fort 
Smith early in September, 1821. Colonel Glenn joined the 
party, which numbered twenty persons, and, possibly by 
virtue of nominal rank, assumed the command. The start 
from Glenn’s post was on the 21st of September, 1821. 
Their course for some time was in the country to 
the north of the Arkansas, but it came back to that river 
near the mouth of the Little Arkansas. It then continued 
up the river to the base of the mountains, where, on the 2nd 
of January or thereabouts, Colonel Glenn left Fowler with 
most of the party while he set out with four men for Santa 
Fe. Nothing was heard from him until the 28th of January 
when some Spaniards arrived with news of the success of 
the Mexican Revolution. Glenn sent word that he had met 
with a very friendly reception at Santa Fe and requested 
Fowler to proceed there at once with his party, for he had 
obtained permission to hunt and trap in the Mexican prov- 
inces. On the 8th of February, 1822, Fowler arrived in 
Taos, where he met Colonel Glenn. The Colonel then 
returned to Santa Fe while Fowler made a spring hunt in 
the mountains. At some time during the spring they were 
joined by McKnight’s party just from the prisons of Chi- 
huahua, and on the Ist of June they all set out for the United 
States. On the 12th they met a party under Braxton 
Cooper on the Arkansas a little east of the present boundary 
line between Colorado and Kansas. On the 29th of June, 
near Ottawa, Kansas, they came upon a wagon trail made 
by William Becknell’s party only a short time before. The 


BECKNELL’S SECOND EXPEDITION. 503 


party reached Fort Osage July 5th, whence they proceeded 
to St. Louis and Fowler reached his home in Covington, 
Kentucky, on the 22nd of July.® 

The favorable report brought back by Becknell in the win- 
ter of 1821-22 led to repetitions of the enterprise in the 
following spring. Both Braxton Cooper and Becknell him- 
self took out expeditions. Cooper set out in the latter part 
of April, made the journey in safety, and the greater part 
of the company returned in the following autumn. Becknell 
left Arrow Rock near Franklin May 22 with twenty-one 
men and three wagons. Between the Missouri and the Ar- 
kansas he was stopped by the Osage Indians, who threat- 
ened to confiscate his property, but through the good offices 
of one of the Chouteaus who was trading with these Indians 
at the time, he was allowed to proceed. 

Upon his arrival at the Arkansas he was joined by the 
party of a Mr. Heath who is not elsewhere mentioned in the 
narratives of the times. The journey from the Arkansas 
to San Miguel, the first Spanish settlement, situated about 
fifty miles from Santa Fe, consumed twenty-two days. 
How long Becknell remained in Santa fe at this time is not 
known, but the return journey, which took forty-eight days, 
probably occurred in October and November. 

This journey is of historic importance in that it was the 
first which led directly to San Miguel by way of the Cimar- 
ron river instead of following the Arkansas to the moun- | 


*The chief value of the Glenn-Fowler expedition is in the fact that 
Major Fowler kept a journal, and that this-journal has been published 
under such able editorship as that of Dr. Elliott Coues. With a degree 
of courage such as few editors would have shown, Dr. Coues has 
reproduced the preposterous orthography of the original journal with ab- 
solute fidelity, and it is probably the best example of poor spelling 
and punctuation in existence. Apart from its singular appearance 
the journal has a real value as a contribution of the history of an 
obscure period. Perhaps the most valuable feature of all is the ex- 
haustive editorial commentary upon topics connected with the expe- 
dition. The Journal of Jacob Fowler. Elliott Coues. New York, 
Francis P. Harper, 1808. 


504 FIRST WAGONS TO SANTA FE, 


tains; and it was also the first that made use of wagons in 
__the Santa Fe trade. To William Becknell therefore belongs 
the credit of having made the first regular trading expedition 
from the Missouri to Santa Fe; of being the first to follow 
the route direct to San Miguel instead of by way of Taos; 
and the first to introduce the use of wagons in the trade. 
This last achievement was four years before Ashley took his 
wheeled cannon to the Salt Lake valley, eight years before 
Smith, Jackson and Sublette took wagons to Wind river, 
and ten years before Bonneville took them to Green river.® 

In the fall of 1822 James Baird and Samuel Chambers, of 
the unfortunate party so long imprisoned in Chihuahua, 
took an expedition consisting of about fifty men from 
Franklin to Santa Fe. Upon their arrival at the Arkansas 
they were overtaken by a snow storm of such severity as to 
compel them to go into winter quarters. They encamped on 
an island and remained there through a very severe winter, 
in which all their animals perished. When spring arrived, 
being unable to transport their goods, they cached them 
some distance above the island on the north shore. Thence 
they went to Taos, procured some mules and came back and 
recovered their property. The spot was thereafter known 
as the Caches.” ; 


° The evidence on this point is conclusive. See Journal of Jacob Fow- 
ler, p. 167. “ We have to leave the wagon [road] we fell into two days 
back, which road was made by Becknell and his party on their way to 
the Spanish settlements.” This was July 1, 1822. Becknell himself in a 
letter written in 1825 referred to this year as the time “ when I opened 
the road to Santa Fe.” The Missouri Intelligencer, Feb. 18, 1823, says: 
“ But one wagon has ever gone from this state to Santa Fe and that 
was taken by Captain Wm. Becknell . . . in the early part of last 
spring, and sold there for $700, which cost here $150.” This might 
mean that Becknell lost two wagons on the way, but Becknell’s journal 
indicates that he took all the wagons through. Niles Register 
mistakenly refers to Cooper as having taken the three wagons to Santa 
Fe, “to the great astonishment of the people.” It was, of course, 
Becknell. Gregg, usually so accurate, evidently errs in saying that 
Becknell was defeated in his effort to cross the Cimarron desert and 
had to return to the Arkansas and go by way of Taos. Becknell’s 
Journal makes it plain that he crossed the desert. 

** See Gregg, Commerce of the Prairies, vol. I., p. 67, and Missouri 
Intelligencer, Sept. 3, 1822. 


EXPEDITIONS OF 1824. 505 


We have the record of but one expedition to Santa Fe in 
the year 1823, although there were undoubtedly others. 
This was composed of thirty persons under the command 
of Colonel Cooper and it left the vicinity of Franklin about 
May 6th. Each member of the party took two pack horses 
and two hundred dollars’ worth of goods. The party 
returned in safety in the following October, bringing in four 
hundred “ jacks, jennies and mules,’’ some other live stock 
and a quantity of furs."? 

The year 1824 was an eventful one in the history of the 
Santa Fe trade, for it was marked by an immense increase in 
the number and activity of those who had entered the rising 
business. About the ist of April of that year, in a tavern in 
the little town of Franklin a company of men assembled to 
discuss the organization of a Santa Fe expedition. It was 
to be upon a more extensive scale than any yet undertaken, 
and it was proposed to make a large use of wagons. The 
details were arranged and a rendezvous was appointed at Mt. 
Vernon, Missouri, on May sth, each man to come equipped 
with one good rifle, one pistol, four pounds of powder, eight 
pounds of lead, and twenty days’ provisions. 

The expedition set out on its long journey May 15, 1824; 
crossed the Missouri six miles above Franklin on the follow- 
ing day; and on May 23rd arrived at the place of organiza- 
tion “three miles from the settlements.” Here the party 
was organized for crossing the plains. A. Le Grand, well 
known in frontier history, was elected Captain, and others 
to the various subordinate offices. Among the party were 
Mr. Marmaduke, who afterward became governor of Mis- 
souri, and Augustus Storrs who next year went out as 
United States consul to Santa Fe. The expedition consisted 
of eighty-one men, one hundred and fifty-six horses and 
mules, twenty-five wagons and about thirty thousand dol- 
lars’ worth of merchandise. This was the first expedition 
upon which wagons were extensively used. 

The party resumed their journey May 25th, reached tue | 


™ Missouri Intelligencer, May 13 and Oct. 28, 1823. 


506 ' BECKNELL ON GREEN RIVER. 


Arkansas June 1oth, passed San Miguel July 25th and 
arrived in Santa Fe July 28th. After a successful trade 
most of the party returned home. They reached Franklin 
September 24th after an absence of four months and ten 
days. They brought back as a result of their trade one 
hundred and eighty thousand dollars in gold and silver and 
ten thousand dollars’ worth of furs. It was one of the most 
profitable ventures in the history of the Santa Fe trade. 
Mr. Marmaduke, who kept a diary of the expedition, 
remained in Santa Fe during the winter and left for home 
May 31, 1825.1? | 

In the fall of 1824 Braxton Cooper took a party to Santa 
Fe, leaving home in November. He lost two men on the 
way — one by the name of Wixon, who was murdered by 
the Osage Indians, and another by the name of Glen Owen, 
who was killed by the Comanches. 

The whereabouts of William Becknell during these two 
years are not very clear, but it is certain that he was actively 
engaged in the trade, for we find him in the fall of 1824 
making a journey far to the west of Santa Fe. He leit 
Santa Cruz November 5th with nine men and went to Green 
river (so mentioned specifically) where he remained during 
the winter. The little party suffered great hardship from 
hunger and cold. In an account furnished the Missouri 
Intelugencer, June 25, 1825, a week after Becknell’s return 
to the United States, he says: “‘ We subsisted for two days 
on soup made from the raw hide which we had reserved for 
soling our moccasins, and the following morning the 
remains were dished up into hash. The young men 
employed by me had seen better days and had never before 
gone supperless to bed nor missed a wholesome and substan- 
tial meal at the regular hour except one who was with me 
when I opened the road to Santa Fe.”’ 

In this connection the following account from the /ntelli- 
gencer of April 19, 1825, will be of interest. On the 24th 


“ Yhe data for the foregoing narrative were gleaned from the Mis- 
sourt Intelligencer. 


FIRST USE OF NAME “GREEN RIVER.” 507 


of August, 1824, William Huddart and fourteen men left 
Taos and traveled west to “‘ Green River (probably the Colo- 
rado of the West)” where the party separated, nine of them 
ascending the river. The others fell in with a trader by the 
name of Robidoux who had with him five Americans. Two 
days later they were attacked by the Arapahoes, who killed 
one man and robbed the rest. Huddart and his five com- 
panions then left Robidoux and returned to Taos. 

These two items are of especial interest as giving the first 
known use of the name Green river as applied to the Colo- 
rado of the West; for there seems to be no doubt that this 
was the stream referred to in both instances. It also gives 
us a clue to the wanderings of that active trader Robidoux 
who, at a very early day, built a post on the Gunnison river 
and another in the vailey of the Uintah on the farther slope 
of the Colorado of the West. 

An interesting event of the year 1824 was an expedition 
of twenty-six Spaniards from Santa Fe to Council Bluffs, 
where, with the aid of Major O’Fallon, Indian Agent, they 
concluded a treaty with the Pawnees who at that time were 
the scourge of the traders in the territory of both govern- 
ments. The Spaniards were greatly pleased with the atten- 
tions shown them by Major O’Fallon. They left for Santa 
Fe on the 11th of August.® | 

The year 1824 witnessed also another expedition, that of 
James O. Pattie and his father, who left their home on the 
Gasconade river, Missouri, June 24th with the intention of 
going up the Missouri river. They were stopped at Coun- 
cil Bluffs on account of having no license and they then 
decided to join a party under Sylvester Pratte for Santa 
Fe. They left Council Bluffs July 30th, went first to the 
Pawnee villages on the Loup, thence south to the Arkansas, 
_ and thence via Taos to Santa Fe, where they arrived on the 
5th of November. ‘The career of the Patties for the six 
years thereafter was mainly in the far southwest, in New 
Mexico, Arizona and California, and does not fall within 


* Missouri Intelligencer, Sept. 25, 1824. 


508 JAMES O. PATTIE. 


the scope of this work. The younger Pattie afterward pub- 
lished an interesting account of his adventures under the 
title of The Personal Narrative of James O. Pattie. It is 
a faithful work, in very simple style, almost pathetic in its 
details of misfortune, and forms one of the many indict- 
ments of Spanish inhumanity toward Americans during 
those early years. 

The year 1825 was also one of great activity in the Santa 
Fe trade. It is not, however, necessary to follow in minute 
detail, as in the preceding years, the comings and goings of 
the now frequent expeditions. The interest which always 
attaches to the beginnings of any enterprise justifies a 
descent to the minutest circumstances which may elucidate © 
its history; but this is no longer the case where such begin- 
nings have grown into a regular routine. Henceforth it will 
be necessary to present only those features which stand forth 
with unusual prominence, relegating to the condensed sum- 
nary of a footnote the details of the several expeditions.'4 


* 1825 — Becknell returned from Santa Fe June 1.— Marmaduke left 
Santa Fe May 31; date of arrival in Franklin not known. — Another 
party left Santa Fe in June arriving in Franklin August 1 with 500 
mules and horses; pursued usual route; went from San Miguel to 
Canadian; down this stream 300 miles; thence N. E. to Arkansas at 
mouth of Little Arkansas; thence through Osage country home; were 
roughly handled by Osages.— May 16, large party, 105 men, 34 wagons, 
240 mules and horses, Augustus Storrs, newly appointed consul to San- 
ta Fe, Captain, left Fort Osage for Santa Fe; party returned by de- 
tachments at various times and by different routes during fall; a 
number, among them Storrs, remained. — Another caravan left in May 
with 81 men, 200 horses and $30,000 worth of goods; no further record. 
— A party of Tennesseeans left Jackson, Tenn., for Santa Fe, in April; 
returned as far as Arkansas river with some of the above parties 
and then continued down that stream. 

1826 — Early in April a party arrived in Franklin from Santa Fe. 
About same time party of 100 left for Santa Fe. — About June 1, anoth- 
er party of between 80 and 100 persons, “ with wagons and carriages of 
every description” left Franklin for Santa Fe. — June 9, “six or seven 
new and substantial wagons” laden with goods arrived in Franklin 
en route for Santa Fe; owned by Mexican, Mr. Escudero, who was in 
charge of them. This was about the beginning of Mexican proprietor- 


SUMMARY OF EXPEDITIONS. 509 


It was in the year 1824 that the question of marking the 
road to Santa Fe and of providing a military escort for the 
caravans began to be agitated. Senator Thomas H. Benton 
of Missouri succeeded in getting an appropriation-of*ten 
thousand dollars for marking the road and twenty thousand 
dollars for securing the right of transit from the Indians 


ship in trade which monopolized more than half the business in 1843.— 
It appears that in September of this year a party under Ceran St. 
Vrain (if we may trust Inman) set out for Santa Fe, arriving there in 
November; in this party was a runaway boy, Kit Carson, then 17 years 
old. 

1827 — Spring caravan from Franklin had 52 wagons and 105 men; 
Ezekiel Williams, captain; Augustus Storrs and David Workman 
along; the largest party yet; the only outgoing expedition mentioned, 
but of course there were others; about 60 of the party returned about 
Sept. 30, with 800 head of stock, valued at $28,000; absent four months; 
cleared 40 per cent. — May 31, a party returned from Santa Fe success- 
ful.—July 19, a party of twenty arrived two days before from Santa Fe 
with several hundred mules and $30,000 specie. 

1828.— About Ist of May caravan left Franklin for Santa Fe with 
$150,000 worth of merchandise and 150 persons.— May 18, a party 
was at Blue Springs en route to Santa Fe, with 37 wagons, and 
$41,000 worth of goods; September 12, 70 to 80 persons arrived in 
Franklin from Santa Fe; venture profitable, but lost two men, Munroe 
and McNees. — Oct. 28, party of 25 arrived in Franklin from Santa 
Fe; had been attacked by Indians who stole all their animals; killed 
John Means of Franklin, and compelled them to cache their specie.— 
Bent’s Fort erected this year; according to some authorities, the fol- 
lowing year. 

1829. — Spring caravan consisted of about 70 persons and 35 wag- 
ons; Charles Bent captain; military escort under Major Riley; Sam- 
uel C. Lamme killed en route; return cargo valued at $34,000; reached 
Franklin early in November.— There seems to have been no other cara- 
van this year. 

1830. — About May 22, party of 120 with 60 wagons left Franklin for 
Santa Fe, returning in October with fair profits. 

1831.— May 15, large party, of which Josiah Gregg was a member, 
numbering nearly 200 and including some ladies, 100 wagons, two 
small cannon, and $200,000 worth of goods, left Independence, Mo., 
and having organized at Council Grove, left that place May 27; crossed 
the Arkansas June 13, and arrived at San Miguel in due course. — May 
21st there was preparing at Franklin a large party for Santa Fe with 
about $200,000 worth of goods.— Some of the members had put their 


510 SANTA FE ROAD COMMISSION. 


across their territories. A commission was appointed con- 
sisting of Benjamin Reeves, George C. Sibley and Thomas 
Mather. Their work began in 1825 and continued for three 
years. The necessary concessions were secured from the 
Indians and the road was surveyed from Fort Osage to 
Taos. 


entire property in the venture. — One of above parties returned, in Octo- 
ber, after a successful trip—October 20 a party of twenty-five or 
thirty persons passed Columbia, Mo., for Santa Fe, mostly from Eastern 
states. It was this year that Smith, Jackson and Sublette made their 
unfortunate journey across the plains in which Smith lost his life. 

1832.—— Principal caravan under Charles Bent; date of departure 
not given; returned about November Ist, with $100,000 specie and 
$90,000 other property.—A party returning in the fall and winter of 
this year attacked by Indians on Canadian January 1 and lost all their 
property and one man. 

1833.— June 20, spring caravan at Diamond Grove, 184 men, 93 
wagons, under Charles Bent; November 9, 100 of above party re- 
turned with $100,000 specie and large amount of other property. — 
Gregg returned this fall. 

1834.—May 24, caravan of about 125 wagons; Gregg probably with 
it; part of caravan under Captain Kerr left Santa Fe September io, 
arrived home in October, 140 men and 40 wagons with returns amount- 
ing to over $200,000. 

The record of the caravans during the following years is very ob- 
scure, although it is certain that they continued as heretofore. — Va- 
rious causes contributed to the deficiency of record. Of all the author- 
ities relied on in this note the Missouri Intelligencer is the most im- 
portant, and next are the St. Louis papers and the Niles Register. 
The Missouri Inteligencer and Boone’s Lick Advertiser began its 
career in Franklin, where the Santa Fe trade had its origin and for a full 
decade its headquarters. As the trade was at that time peculiarly an 
industry of the country around Franklin the local paper kept a close 
account of its doings. June 29, 1826, the paper was transferred to Fay- 
ette in the same county but back from the river, and four years later, 
May 4, 1830, it was removed to Columbia, Missouri. As _ its 
habitat was moved away from the river it became less in touch with the 
Santa Fe trade. The trade itself gradually transferred its headquarters 
to Independence, Missouri, which by 1830 had become the main starting 
point. This town had no paper, and reports of events at so great a 
distance often failed to be made. While, therefore, we should expect 


that the later records would be the more complete, they are in reality 
less so. 


MILITARY ESCORTS. SII 


Troubles with the Indians, resulting in frequent robberies 
and occasional loss of life, early led to appeals for govern- 
ment protection. A military post on the boundary line was 
at first proposed, but this idea was abandoned on account of 
the difficulty of supply and the fact that the garrison would 
be of little use except in its immediate vicinity. In 1829 the 
experiment of an escort was tried. Major Bennett Riley * 
with four companies of the 6th Infantry was detailed from 
Fort Leavenworth to accompany the spring caravan to the 
‘frontier. He set out June 5th and joined the caravan a few 
days later at Round Grove. The expedition proceeded 
without incident to the Arkansas and up this stream to the 
vicinity of Chouteau Island. As the road here turned off 
to the Cimarron and lay on Mexican soil, the United States 
troops could go no farther. This was about the middle of 
July. 

Scarcely had the caravan disappeared on the other side of 
the river when some horsemen came riding back furiously 
and announced that it had been attacked and one of its num- 
ber killed. Major Riley at once crossed the river and has- 
tened to their relief. He then escorted them for a day 
longer, but knowing the serious nature of an armed march 
into foreign territory without permission, he determined to 
go no farther. The caravan had become so panic-stricken 
by the recent event that about half of them resolved to 
abandon the trip and remain with the troops, but they were 
shamed out of their purpose. 

Major Riley then returned to the neighborhood of Chou- 
teau Island and went into summer camp, having agreed to 
await the caravan’s return until October 1oth. He hada 
hard summer of it, being frequently annoyed by the Indians, 
and several incidents of thrilling interest enlivened the long 
stay in the barren and uninteresting region. Finally the 
1oth of October arrived and brought no caravan. Major 
Riley decided to wait one day longer. No one appearing by 


* A distinguished officer whose name is perpetuated in “ Fort Riley,” 
an important military post in central Kansas. 


512 AMERICANS AND MEXICANS ON THE ARKANSAS. 


the morning of the 11th, a parting salute was fired and the 
troops set out for home. But scarcely had they gotten under 
way when some horsemen overtook them and announced 
that the caravan was at hand. A halt was made immedi- 
ately. The caravan was found to be accompanied by an 
escort of Mexican troops under Colonel Viscara, Inspector 
General of the Mexican army. . It had had a sharp brush 
with the Indians a few days before ** in which Viscara came 
near losing his life. The escort was hospitably received by 
the American troops; the officers were feasted as well as the 
limited resources would permit, and a review was had in 
their honor. 

It was a remarkable scene — this gathering of the military 
forces of two nations in protection of an international com- 
merce. It was moreover one of the most heterogeneous 
gatherings conceivable, for the Santa Fe caravans embraced 
every class and condition of men to be found in the frontier 
settlements of either country. Never, since the days when 
Coronado penetrated to the Kansas plains, had the barren 
and treeless prairies witnessed a more interesting spectacle. 
Three days were spent in this agreeable intercourse, and on 
the 14th of October the caravan, after bidding farewell to its 
Mexican escort, placed itself under the protection of the 
national troops and took up its march for home. 

The policy of furnishing escorts for the caravans did not 
commend itself to the authorities. The large caravans were 
amply able to protect themselves if they exercised reason- 
able caution, while it was of course impossible to furnish an 
escort for every little band that might choose to make the 
trip. Moreover the escort could only go to the frontier and 
had to stop at the very point where the danger was greatest. 
Unless a Mexican escort were there to meet the caravan it 
was of very little use to provide protection over the least dan- 
gerous half of the way. The experiment of 1829 was there- 
fore not often repeated. In 1834 an escort of sixty dra- 
goons under Captain Wharton accompanied the caravan; 


6 See p. 551. 


MEXICAN OUTRAGES. ai 


but this, according to Gregg, was the last one until 1843. 

The trade pursued the even tenor of its course during these 
years with little of incident or note except the never-ending 
troubles at the custom house. But the situation of affairs, 
as regarded the provincial government, became less and less 
satisfactory. Mexico was falling into the same habit of sus- 
picion and jealousy that had been so fatal to commercial 
intercourse during the Spanish regime. From their point of 
view there may have been some cause for this feeling. The 
onward march of American settlement they conceived to be 
fraught with great danger to their own authority in the 
northern provinces. Already Texas was as good as lost and 
the same might soon prove true of New Mexico. There was 
consequently a growing opposition among the Santa Fe 
authorities to a continuance of the trade, although it was 
always popular with the people. 

The ephemeral insurrection of 1837 which for a short 
time subverted Mexican authority bore hard on the Amer- 
ican traders, for they were suspected, though apparently 
without foundation, of complicity in this movement. The 
various Texan-Santa Fe expeditions, so injudiciously man- 
aged, were another great annoyance to the trade; for here 
again the authorities believed that the traders were privy to 
the plans of the Texans. Consideration of these interest- 
ing events is foreign to the purpose of this work; and 
belongs rather to the history of those great political changes 
which were about to come over this region. The lamentable 
tragedies to which they gave rise burned deeply into the pub- 
lic mind in the United States and went far to justify the 
sweeping conquest which followed so shortly after. 

This brief sketch of the Santa Fe trade prior to 1843 
would be incomplete if we omitted to refer to its supreme 
importance in the war which was even then (1843) gath- 
ering like a storm on the prairies. The long intercourse of 
twenty years had made our people thoroughly familiar with 
the routes, distances, character of country, and the people to 
be encountered in military operations in that quarter. The 


514 BENEFICENT INFLUENCE. 


interchange of commerce had made the New Mexicans bet- 
ter acquainted with our people, had created a friendly feel- 
ing towards them, and had effectually paved the way for the 
change of allegiance that was soon to follow. 


CHAPTER XXIX. 
THE SANTA FE TRADE. 


CHARACTER OF THE BUSINESS. 


Commercial isolation of Santa Fe — Origin of the trade — Franklin 
the “cradle” of the Santa Fe trade— Independence and Westport — 
Kinds of merchandise used — Character of return cargo— Magnitude 
of the trade — Profits — Small proprietors — Further statements as to 
magnitude of the trade— The Santa Fe caravans— Organization at 
Council Grove — Progress of the caravan— Arrival at Santa Fe— 
Placing the goods on sale— Customs regulations — Armigo’s duty on 
wagons. 


| 1830 the following item appeared in a paper published 
in western Missouri:' “ The inland trade between 
the United States and Mexico is increasing rapidly. This 
is perhaps one of the most curious species of foreign inter- 
course which the ingenuity and enterprise of American 
traders ever originated. The extent of country which the 
caravans traverse, the long journeys they have to make, the 
rivers and morasses to cross, the prairies, the forests and 
all but African deserts to penetrate — require the most 
steel-formed constitutions and the most energetic minds. 
The accounts of these inland expeditions remind one of the 
caravans of the East. . . . The dangers which both 
encounter—the caravan of the East and that of the West— 
are equally numerous and equally alarming. Men of high 
a and somewhat romantic natures are requisite for 
oth.” | 
This singular business, the “ Commerce of the Prairies,” 
was unique in American history and owed its origin to the 
condition of commercial isolation which existed in New 


* Missouri Intelligencer, Feb. 12, 1830. 


516 COMMERCIAL ISOLATION. 


Mexico prior to the coming of the Americans. In spite of 
the extreme paucity of geographical knowledge of the coun- 
try between New Mexico and the Missouri in the earlier 
years of the century, in spite also of thé jealous surveillance 
of the Spanish government over the domestic affairs of her 
colonies, and the careful exclusion of all knowledge concern- 
ing them from the outside world, certain facts had become 
known to the American merchants of St. Louis and the set- 
tlements along the lower Missouri. It was clear that the 
Missouri river near the mouth of the Kansas was much 
nearer to Santa Fe than was Vera Cruz, whence all imported 
fabrics reached that inland town. Inasmuch as there was 
continuous navigation from American and foreign ports to 
St. Louis and even to the mouth of the Kansas, nearly three. 
hundred miles farther west, it was an obvious proposition 
that traders from the Missouri could import goods to Santa 
Fe more cheaply than the Mexicans themselves by way of 
Vera Cruz. The only uncertainty in the matter related to 
the duties which the Spaniards might levy upon imports. 
If these were reasonable, then it was evident that the advan- 
tage of trade would lie with the Americans. These consid- 
erations led to attempts, as early as 1804, to open trade rela- 
tions between St. Louis and Santa Fe. They were renewed 
at intervals, but always unsuccessfully, until the overthrow 
of Spanish power in Mexico. The trade then began to 
develop rapidly into a flourishing commerce which continued 
with little interruption until Santa Fe became an American 
city. It will be considered here in reference to the char- 
acter of the traffic, the method of conducting the caravans 
and the conditions encountered in Santa Fe. 

“The town of Franklin on the Missouri river . . 
seems truly to have been the cradle of our trade,” says Josiah 
Gregg, the historian of the Santa Fe Trail. Franklin was 
the first town of importance in the celebrated tract of western 
Missouri known as Boone’s Lick. It has now been entirely 
washed into the river, while on the opposite shore has arisen 
the thriving town of Boonville. At the time when the Santa 


CRADLE OF SANTA FE TRADE. 517 


re trade commenced, Franklin was the most important town 
of Missouri west of St. Louis, and the first to establish a 
newspaper. It was two hundred and five miles by river 
above the mouth of the Missouri and one hundred and 
eighty-seven below the mouth of the Kansas. The earlier 
expeditions to Santa Fe, after 1820, nearly all started from 
this locality, and were made by residents of the Boone’s Lick 
country. But as the trade grew in importance, as steam- 
boats began to ascend the Missouri, and particularly as 
traders from other points began to engage in the trade, the 
starting place was gradually transferred to that point on the 
Missouri which was nearest to Santa Fe. Independence, 
Missouri, near the mouth of the Kansas, began to be an out- 
fitting point as early as 1827. In the course of the next six 
years the Missouri river destroyed the steamboat landing 
and the boats had to go farther up where there was a con- 
venient and permanent bank. Here arose Westport land- 
ing, and a few miles back, Westport itself, which from that 
time began to draw a share of the outfitting trade from Inde- 
pendence. By 1831 Franklin had almost entirely lost its 
hold as the starting place for the caravans, which thence- 
forth was permanently fixed in the neighborhood of the 
mouth of the Kansas. The trail to the mountains also, 
started from this point and the growing volume of the moun- 
tain trade still further augmented the importance of this 
early rendezvous. 

The goods taken to Santa Fe in trade comprised almost 
every variety that are made use of in every day life. There 
were dry goods, silks, hardwares, calicoes, velvets, drillings, 
shirtings, etc. ; but domestic cottons constituted fully half the 
cargo. The trade extended beyond Santa Fe, and in later 
years a large portion of it was carried to Chihuahua, and 
some even to California. From this last region were 
brought horses and mules which thus found their way from 
the distant Pacific to the Mississippi valley and possibly even 
farther east. The furs from the Colorado mountains were 
frequently brought in by way of the Trail either by traders 


518 MAGNITUDE OF THE TRADE. 


who had purchased them, or by the trappers who joined the 
caravans for protection. The most important item in the 
return cargo was specie, both gold and silver, which was 
transported in large quantities to the States. 

The magnitude of the Santa Fe trade at one time rose to 
about four hundred and fifty thousand dollars per annum. 
For the twenty-two years from 1822 to 1843 inclusive, it 
averaged over one hundred and thirty thousand dollars, or 
nearly three millions for the period. The following table, 
which is the only complete summary of the trade ever pre- 
pared, was compiled by Josiah Gregg, the most competent 
authority who has treated of the subject. It gives the esti- 
mated value of the merchandise invested in the trade, the 
proportion taken to other points than Santa Fe, and the 
number of men, wagons, and proprietors foreach year. The 
value of the goods is that of the Eastern markets where they 
were purchased, 


Amount 


of Mdse. 


STATISTICS OF THE: TRADE. 519 


Proprietors. 


Remarks. 


—<_—— | ———— | — |\Keq—]Pe eo i —  ..._ 
ees | $$$ 


12,000 
35,000 
65,000 
gO,000 
85,000 
150,000 
60,000 
120,000 
250,000 
140,000 
180,000 
150,000 
140,000 
130,000 
150,000 
gO, 000 
250,000 
50,000 
150,000 
160,000 


450,000 


I0o 


105 


20 


40 


$ 3,000 
5,000 
7,000 
8,000 

20,000 
5,000 
20,000 
80,000 
50,000 
80,000 
70,000 
70,000 
60,000 
80,000 
40,000 
100, 000 
10,000 
80,000 
90,000 


300,000 


{ Pack animals only used [ex- 
cept Becknell’s wagons]. 


Pack animals only used. 
do. and wagons. 
do. do. 


Wagons only henceforth. 


3 men killed, being the first. 
U.S. escort. 1 trader killed. 
First oxen used by traders. 
Two men killed. 

Party defeated on Cana- 


dian. Twomen killed, 3 
perished. 


2nd U.S. escort. 


Arkansas expedition. 
Chihuahua expedition. 


Texan-Santa Fe expedition. 


{ grd U.S. escort. Ports 
closed. 


520 SMALL PROPRIETORSHIP. 


In a business of so hazardous and uncertain a character 
the profits must necessarily have been large to justify a pur- 
suit of it. The goods were mostly bought in Eastern mar- 
kets, and were sold at a great advance, often more than one 
hundred per cent upon the first cost. But by the time that 
the sales were accomplished and the various expenses and 
losses in transporting them so far were deducted, the net 
profits rarely exceeded forty per cent, and were frequently 
as low as ten per cent. There were of course occasional 
instances of actual loss. 

A striking characteristic of the Santa Fe trade was its di- 
vision among a great number of proprietors. The above table 
shows to what a degree this was true and only in the later 
years did the investments average as much as one thousand 
dollars per proprietor. It was a business of small dealers, 
and no “ American Fur Company ”’ followed the Santa Fe 
Trail. Not infrequently individuals took with them all they 
possessed, and as the enterprises were generally profitable the 
trade was undoubtedly a great benefit. Often individuals 
would secure credits by mortgages upon their property until 
their return in the fall. If, as occasionally happened, the 
Santa Fe market proved dull, and it required considerable 
time to get rid of one’s cargo by retail, these home obliga- 
tions enforced a resort to the less profitable method by whole- 
sale in order that the business might terminate in time for the 
trader to get back home and satisfy his creditors.” 

* The following letter is from a distinguished Santa Fe trader and 
plainsman, a partner of the no less distinguished Bent brothers. It is 
an example of the practice already alluded to: . 

SAN FERNANDO DEL Taos, Sept. 14, 1830. 
Messrs. B. PratrE & Co. 

Gentlemen :—It is with pleasure that I inform you of my last arrival 
at Santafe which was the 4th of August. we were met at Red river 
by General Biscusa the customhouse officer and a few soldiers, the 
object in coming out so far to meet us was to prevent smuggling and 
it had the desired effeck, there was a guard placed around our wagons 
until we entered Santafe, we had all to pay full dutys which amounts 


to about 60 percent on cost. I was the first that put goods in the 
Customhouse and I opened immediately, but goods sold very slow, so 


WYETH’S ESTIMATE OF THE TRADE. 521 


While there is no reason to doubt the substantial accuracy 
of the figures heretofore given concerning the Santa Fe 
trade, there were those at the time who ridiculed its impor- 
tance, as there are those who ridicule every movement which 
the enterprise of man sets on foot. To give a fair hearing to 
both sides, however, the following comments will be of value. 
They are the substance of a spirited protest which appeared 
in the Missouri Republican of St. Louis, February 16, 1830, 
against a statement which had been made upon the floor of 
Congress that the trade of 1829 had amounted to two hun- 
dred thousand dollars and was deserving of government pro- 
tection. The writer had procured an estimate from those 
who alone knew anything about it, with the result that one 


slow that it was discouraging. I found that it was impossible to meet 
my payments if I continued retaling. I there fore thought it was best 
to hole Saile & I have done so. I send you by Mr. Andru Carson and 
Lavoise Ruel one wagon eleven mules, one horse and 653 skins of 
Beaver, 961 lbs. nine hundred and sixty one pounds, which you will 
have sold for my account. I do not wish the mules sold unless they sell 
for a good price. 
I am with much respect 
Your obdt. servt. 
Ceran St. Vrain.” 

The following observations by Nathaniel J. Wyeth (Sources of the 
History of Oregon, p. 119) are to the same purpose: “The following 
statement is my view of the Santa Fee business, derived however from 
superficial observation. viz.: 
First cost of goods carried to St. Fee and duties paid the Mexi- 


RLS ee PERN G Eel ee ie ces ota cro die Wieicsa cess aie's'» ous eee.» ©4 vies $100,000 
er AN GE XPENSES ON SAME 2c os occ icc cg ot oe uidis ccc ccucecducs 50,000 
Profits and interests in the States between the importer and the 

OTL ae eile Ao cuca a See Sicigeee idea eles eae eee’ 25,000 

$175,000 
Returns made from St. Fee in Specie and Beaver............ $200,000 
Peonts remaining to the: ot. Pee traders: .......5... 0.20 eccecees $ 25,000 


“This is, I presume, about the result of the trade. The goods are 
carried to St. Fee by about 30 distinct traders in about 75 wagons. 
The largest trader has rarely more than 12 wagons. More than one- 
half of these people are farmers and buy their goods on 12 months and 
often mortgage their farms and consequently are obliged to make 
returns the same year.” 


522 ADVERSE OPINION OF THE TRADE. 


hundred and thirty-three thousand dollars and nine hun- 
dred of the twelve hundred mules which were brought back 
belonged to Spanish refugees who were with the caravan and 
were daily expecting a decree for their return. The specie 
amounted to between twenty and thirty thousand dollars, 
about twice the cost of the military escort, which did not pre- 
vent the loss of an estimable trader who was killed by the 
Indians. The furs belonged mostly to traders who came in 
with the caravan for protection and whose property repre- 
sented the fruit of two or three years’ toil. ‘“ A majority 
of the traders invest in the trade from $100 to $600; these 
capitalists live cheaply upon buffalo meat, and improve their 
habits and morals among the, in every way, vicious and las- 
civious inhabitants of Santa Fe . . . Jt will not be 
denied that most of the traders are professedly smugglers. 
Others deceive the ignorance, or overcome by bribes the con- 
scientious scruples, of the custom house officer, the agents of 
the republic of Mexico. Ought this trade to be protected 
by the government ”’? 

Nevertheless the trade was one of considerable magnitude 
and genuine importance. It was as honestly conducted as 
any business could be which had to do with Spanish officials. 
It was an unquestioned blessing to the isolated community 
penned up in the mountains and it was a source of revenue to 
a great many worthy American citizens. So important had 
it become to the New Mexicans that when a decree prohibit- 
ing it was promulgated in 1843, Gregg predicted that, unless 
the decree were speedily withdrawn, revolution would 
follow. 

vThe most interesting feature of the Santa Fe trade was 
that which related to the long journey over the plains. The 
distance from Independence to Santa Fe was over seven hun- 
dred miles, and except for the last fifty miles, no permanent 
abode of civilized man greeted the eye of the traveler. 
Much of the intervening territory was prairie country, some 
of it a barren, sandy, trackless desert, where lack of water 
was an ever-present peril. All of it, except a narrow strip 


' 
‘ 
q 
] 
|! 
4 
: 


a ee ee Se ee 


ee ee ee ee 


LA 
ss 


THE CARAVAN. 523 


at either end, was infested with some of the most treacher- 
ous and restless Indians to be found west of the Mississippi. 
So real were the perils of these long journeys that it was 
extremely hazardous for small parties to undertake them 
alone. The traders early formed the practice of banding 
together for mutual protection, over at least the most danger- 
ous part of the journey. Hence arose the custom of form- 
ing caravans which every year crossed the plains in each 
direction. 

The traders, being of a very independent class, were 
averse to sinking their individuality in a general organiza- 
tion except when danger positively compelled it; and they 
therefore deferred the caravan formation to the latest possi- 
ble moment. From Independence they set off by themselves 
and went on in this way one hundred and fifty miles to 
Council Grove. Here, for many years, the caravans were 
organized, for beyond this point attacks might be looked for 
from the savages. 

The first step in the organization was to select officers. 
In the larger caravans the list was quite extensive, including 
captain, Ist and 2nd lieutenants, marshal, clerk, pilot, 
court (three members), commander of guards, and a chap- 
lain. For captain it was customary to select an experienced 
plainsman, bold and fearless, yet of cool judgment. These 
qualities, however, were rarely so conspicuous as to indicate 
any one man for exclusive choice, and as a result there was 
a goodly amount of electioneering. The American of the 
plains could not shake off the training of his native country, 
and these elections usually proceeded by the most approved 
American methods. ‘One would have supposed,” says 
Gregg, “that electioneering and party spirit would hardly 
have penetrated so far into the wilderness; but so it was. 
Even in our little community we had our office-seekers and 
their political adherents, as earnest and devoted as any of 
the modern school of politicians in the midst of civilization.” 

Not only in the work of effecting an organization, but in 
the organization itself, the patriotic trader patterned after 


524 PATRIOTISM ON THE PRAIRIES. 


the institutions of his beloved country. Augustus Storrs, 
referring to the expedition of 1827, says: ‘“‘ Our govern- 
ment is almost as complete and perfect as though we com- 
posed a republican government; we can never forget the 
blessings of our own institutions; and I have no doubt that 
the longer we are absent the more forcibly this idea will 
occur to us.” In truth, the fires of patriotism burned ever 
brightly on the prairies and in the mountains, and no wan- 
dering band was so benighted as to forget to render honor to 
the institutions of their country wherever the anniversary of 
its natal day overtook them. Upon such occasions the entire 
resources of the party were called into requisition — artil- 
lery (when there was any), oratory, and games of skill — 
while the celebration was rounded off in true prairie style 
with the most ample feast and frolic which buffalo meat 
and alcohol could produce. 

The authority of the captain was very limited, and his 
orders were obeyed only according to the whim of the indi- 
vidual, who generally considered himself as good a captain 
as any one. There was a notable absence of anything like 
discipline except in the matter of guards, and the captain’s 
functions were practically limited to fixing hours of start- 
ing and stopping and the location of camp. The result 
was that these organizations were always subject to greater 
danger from the Indians than would be a similar body of 
troops. Although the members were generally armed, 
there was no system of inspection to compel them to keep 
their arms in order, and they were likely to be found hors 
de combat when suddenly required for use. 

The caravans, if large, were organized into divisions, each 
under charge of a sub-officer whose duty it was to superin- 
tend the details of the march, select the best creek crossings, 
and look after the arrangements for the evening camp. 
Guard duty was relentlessly enforced, and no members of 
the party, except officers and invalids, were exempt. 

The composition of the caravans was the most hetero- 
geneous imaginable. The vehicles consisted of heavy 


COMPOSITION OF THE CARAVANS. 525 


wagons, carts, and light carriages. There were occasion- 
ally elegant outfits on the road. “It has the air of ro- 
mance,” says an early writer, “to see splendid pleasure car- 
riages with elegant horses journeying to the Republic of 
Mexico! Yet it is sober fact.” The draught animals 
were horses, mules, and oxen. There were always a large 
number of saddle-horses. In personnel the caravans were 
composed of all sorts. There was first the plain man of 
business, intent only on the prosecution of his enterprise. 
There were the rough denizens of the plains who, in long 
years of living in these unsettled wilds, had become half In- 
dian in dress, habits, and general appearance. There were 
pleasure-seekers, health-seekers, scientific travelers, and now 
and then ladies. Then there was always the picturesque 
Mexican with a dress peculiarly his own, even when, as was 
generally to some extent the case, there was a marked ab- 
sence of any dress. The equipment of the party was like- 
wise of no common pattern, and there were as many vari- 
eties of dress, saddles and fire-arms as there were of men, 
wagons, and animals. “The wild and motley aspect of 
the caravan,” as Gregg well observes, “ would have formed 
an excellent subject for an artist’s pencil.” 

The progress of these huge caravans was always slow, and 
rarely averaged more than fifteen miles a day. The location 
of springs and creeks determined the length of march, for 
water could not be found wherever wanted. At night the 
caravans were generally parked in some form suited to 
the ground and the necessities of defense. The danger 
from Indians was always a serious one to small parties, but 
never to large ones, except when small groups were care- 
lessly permitted to get away from the support of the main 
body. Gregg says that “in the course of twenty years 
since the commencement of this trade I do not believe there 
have been a dozen deaths upon the Santa Fe route, even 
including those who have been killed off by disease as well 
as by the Indians.” While this may have been strictly true 
of the Santa Fe traders, it is certain that the casualties upon 


526 ORGANIZATION AT COUNCIL GROVE. 


the plains among the smaller parties greatly exceeded this 
number. 

The scene of bustle and confusion during the hasty prep- 
aration of each morning for the day’s march, when anrmals 
were being saddled or harnessed, fastened to the wagons, 
and everything gotten ready for the start, was something to 
be long remembered by those who had once seen it. Asa 
general thing the best of spirits prevailed among the party 
and there was a friendly rivalry not to be the last in the per- 
formance of duty. All writers agree that the sight of these 
huge caravans in motion was a most interesting one — truly 
American in its individuality, variety and independence. 
The line, when in single file, often stretched out for more 
than a mile in length. At other times, upon the broad, even 
prairies, where the whole country was one vast road, the 
caravan would form in three or four parallel columns, thus 
giving the appearance of greater compactness and strength. 
The motion of this large body, with the scattering groups of 
horsemen on its flanks or in advance, the shouting of the 
drivers, the incessant cracking of the whips, and the jolting 
and creaking of the wagons all combined to form a medley 
of sights and sounds that never failed to excite the enthu- 
siasm of the beholder. 

The election of officers having taken place at Council 
Grove, every one exerted himself to get into the best possi- 
ble state of preparation for the long journey that lay before 
him. The goods, perhaps, required repacking, and the 
greatest ingenuity was shown in placing the packages in 
the wagons so that they would not jolt with the constant 
shaking of the several hundred miles of travel. Wood 
was gathered from the ample supply in Council Grove and 

* The transportation on pack animals of such a substance as specie 
would naturally seem to be very difficult; but the ingenuity of the 
trader hit upon a most effectual method. The specie was placed in 
large bags made of fresh bull hide. It was then shaken down as com- 
pactly as possible and the bag was sewed tightly together. The shrink- 


age of the hide as it dried out compacted the contents so as to make 
almost a rigid mass. 


ARRIVAL IN SANTA FE. 527 


strapped underneath the wagons for use in case of breakages. 
Over the tops and sides of the cargoes were spread sheets 
of thick canvas to resist rain in the driving storms of the 
prairies. 

The caravan, upon arrival in the buffalo country, subsist- 
ed largely upon game, and the universal testimony is that 
these long journeys were health restorers which might have 
rivaled the fabulous fountains of youth which so appealed 
to the credulity of the early Spanish adventurers. The 
only really serious problem of subsistence en route related to 
provision for water in crossing the Cimarron desert. There 
were stretches of the journey where from one to four days 
had to be passed_without water, depending upon the speed 
of the traveler and his knowledge of the location of springs. 
All the later caravans carried enough water with them from 
the Arkansas to get them safely through this region. 

The first evidence of approach to the Spanish settlements 
would usually be the meeting of some lonely Cibolero or 
Mexican buffalo hunter. The picturesque costumes of these 
denizens of the prairies was in itself an attraction that made 
the meeting of more than passing interest, but the fact 
that they brought news from Santa Fe made their welcome 
one of genuine enthusiasm. The great subject of inquiry 
from these prairie news agents was the state of the custom 
. house administration, for upon this depended in no slight 
degree the success or failure of the enterprise. A few of 
the most experienced traders generally posted ahead as soon 
as it was safe to leave the caravan, in order to arrange all 
this troublesome business in advance of the main arrival. 

The entry of the caravan into Santa Fe was of course an 
event of very lively interest. The long sojourn in the unin- 
habited prairies was in itself enough to make an approach to 
civilized abodes a matter of no ordinary importance. It 
was the end of a long and tedious journey, and the begin- 
ning of a long and luxurious rest; for the life of the cara- 
van employes while in Santa Fe was a continuous round ¢ ‘ 
conviviality. Before entering the city every one, even to 


528 CUSTOMS REGULATIONS. 


the lowest employe, did his best to improve his personal ap- 
pearance. He subjected his hair and beard to such barber- 
ing as the rude conveniences of the plains afforded and made 
himself as irresistible as possible in the eyes of the dusky 
maidens of Santa Fe. Even the animals, as Gregg observes, 
caught the-spirit of the occasion and however much they 
might have lagged of late, now pricked up their ears and 
bent forward under their heavy loads with quick and elastic 
step. 

The joy of these sun-browned travelers was reciprocated 
by the inhabitants of Santa Fe, to whom the caravan was 
like the arrival of a ship at some solitary island of the sea. 
Pouring out into the streets they would announce the event 
with shouts of “ The wagons! The Americans! The arri- 
val of the caravan’’! And at once, in a spirit of fraternity 
which knows no frontier lines or national jealousies, they 
would join with their American visitors in joyous celebra- 
tion of the event. 

The traders attended at once to the serious business of 
their visit. The goods were entered at the custom house 
with the least possible delay and were then exhibited for 
sale. They were generally closed out at retail, but it often 
became necessary in a dull market to sell in bulk in order to 
get ready for the return caravan. Many of the traders were 
compelled to stay more than a season and often went to 
other points, so that the return caravans were rarely more 
than half as large as the outgoing. 

The Santa Fe end of the business was thoroughly char- 
acteristic of the government and people of that country. 
Both the Spanish and Mexican authorities always exhibited 
a jealousy of their northern neighbors that would gladly 
have interdicted the trade altogether, but that the extreme 
isolation of the remote northern province made commerce 
with the United States almost indispensable to the domestic 
welfare of the people, while it was a source of considerable 
revenue to the government. The customs restrictions upon 
the trade were always heavy, often capricious, and were a 


GOVERNOR ARMIGO’S INVENTION. 529 


never-ending source of annoyance to the traders. They 
were the subject of most anxious inquiry as the cara- 
vans approached Santa Fe, for changes might have trans- 
pired since the latest information which would make or 
ruin an enterprise. The extreme venality of the custom 
house officers led to all kinds of peculation and bribery, and 
it has been estimated that not more than one-half of the 
revenue receipts found their way to the public treasury. 
It was a common saying that the duties on American goods 
went one third to the traders, one third to the officials and 
one third to the government. Between smuggling and brib- 
ery the trader must have felt that he had left behind him 
in his native land all semblance of virtue in the transaction 
of business. | 

In 1839 Governor Armigo conceived the brilliant idea 
that, by placing an arbitrary impost on each wagon that en- 
tered the territory, regardless of its cargo, he would avoid 
the official corruption and smuggling which diverted from 
its proper destination so much of the revenue. This im- 
post he fixed at five hundred dollars. But however carefully 
he may have figured out the proper amount to charge, he 
totally failed to foresee the consequences of his act. Trad- 
ers at once increased enormously the size of the wagon loads 
by using stronger wagons and more teams to each, rejecting 
largely the bulky coarse stuffs of small value and loading 
with fine fabrics of higher value. The impost was thus 
made to operate as a great reduction of the former tariff 
and was quickly abrogated by the governor. 

The customs regulations which had shifted about so often 
in the course of twenty years, and which had already exclud- 
ed many articles of great importance to the trade, finally 
in 1843 prohibited the trade altogether. It was a blind and 
fatal error, an expiring effort to stay the tide of destiny. 
It only served to make the people of New Mexico more dis- 
satisfied with so capricious and oppressive a government 
and caused them to accept with greater readiness the always 
difficult change from one sovereignty to another. 


CHAP THR xa 
THE SANTA FE TRADE. 


THE TRAIL. 


General Description — The Cimarron Desert — Mountain branch of 
the Trail— Government survey of the road— Work of Surveyor 
Brown — Location of the Trail— Other routes to Santa Fe— Itin- 
erary of the Trail— Council Grove— The Arkansas river — Pawnee 
Rock — Kit Carson — The Caches — Chouteau Island — The Cimarron 
Desert — Bent’s Fort — Bent and St. Vrain — Josiah Gregg. 


Gr historic highway known as the Santa Fe Trail, 

along which the “commerce of the prairies” was 
carried from 1820 to the advent of the railroad, extended 
from Independence on the Missouri, near the mouth of the 
Kansas, to Santa Fe, the capital of New Mexico. Both in 
its origin and destination, however, the trade extended be- 
yond these points. Most of the American traders started 
from St. Louis or Franklin, while they frequently went 
beyond Santa Fe to Chihuahua or other towns. But the 
term Santa Fe Trail did not apply to these extensions. It 
referred only to the route across the broad, uninhabited re- 
gion between the frontier settlements of the two countries. 
It lay half in American and half in Spanish territory, for 
the ford of the Arkansas, where the boundary was crossed, 
was almost exactly midway between the two termini. 

It will repay one for the trouble of examining the map 
to note how little this route varied from a straight line. It 
is remarkable that the traders should so soon have found so 
direct a route, and it is a striking example of how accurately 
the instinct of direction will lead one through an unknown 
country. Far more direct is it than the “ Santa Fe route” . 


DIVISIONS OF ROUTE. 531 


of today which whirls the comfortable traveler over this 
distance in one-twentieth of the time on the old Trail. They 
were good road surveyors—these old explorers of the 
plains and mountains. 

There were four distinct stages of the journey between 
Independence and Santa Fe. The first extended to Council 
Grove where the caravans were organized. It was all in 
a well-watered prairie country, comparatively safe from 
Indian depredations, and was the pleasantest part of the 
route. The next division extended to the ford of the Arkan- 
sas. It was near the beginning of this stage that the country - 
began to change geologically, botanically, and climatically. 
It was the transition from the humid prairies of eastern Kan- 
sas to the arid plains of the West— from the regions safe 
from Indian depredations to those where the Pawnee 
and Comanche made the traveler’s life a burden. It was 
thus the line between ease, pleasure and safety, and toil, diffi- 
culty and danger. 

The third division of the route was the most dangerous 
and dreaded ofall. It was the Cimarron desert, and extend- 
ed from the Arkansas river to the source of the Cimarron. 
Wislizenus thus describes it: ‘“ The high plain between the 
Arkansas and the Cimarron, whose elevation above the sea 
is about three thousand feet, is the most desolate part of the 
whole Santa Fe road, and the first adventurers in the Santa 
Fe trade stood many severe trials here. Within the dis- 
tance of sixty-six miles from the Arkansas to the lower 
springs of the Cimarron there is not one water course or 
water pool to be depended upon during the dry season. The 
soil is generally dry and hard; the vegetation is poor and 
scarcely anything grows there except some short and 
parched buffalo grass and some cacti.” It was here that the 
tantalizing mirage was seen in greater perfection than any- 
where else in the plains. To add to the natural difficulty of 
the situation the Indians were here most dangerous and there 
was greater loss of life than upon any other portion of the 
Trail. 


532 THE CIMARRON DESERT. 


So inconspicuous and uncertain were the landmarks of 
this region that in the earliest years there was great danger 
of getting lost in crossing it; while the terrible effects of 
thirst tended to unsettle the equanimity of the traveler and 
hasten dangers which were near enough at best. The sad 
death of Jedediah S. Smith in the spring of 1831 resulted 
from this cause. As these perils came tobe more fully un- 
derstood, provision was made beforehand to avert them. 
A full supply of water for both man and beast was laid in 
for about two days’ steady travel, and no reliance was placed 
upon the country until this inhospitable region was crossed. 

The fourth division of the journey lay between the Cim- 
arron desert and Santa Fe. Although the road still ran 
through a barren and worthless country, it was now in the 
foothills of the mountains, where there were landmarks for 
guidance and streams enough for camps. Traveling was 
therefore safe if proper precaution were taken against the 
Indians. 

When expeditions first began to be made from Missour1 
to Santa Fe they ascended the Arkansas to the vicinity of 
where La Junta, Colorado, now stands, and then turning 
south, went first to Taos and then to Santa Fe. Even after 
the shorter trail was established across the desert, the route 
by the upper Arkansas continued to be used; for there was 
always a large amount of trade from that section. Bent’s 
Fort was the great stopping place on this branch of the 
eats 

As the Santa Fe trade began to assume large proportions, 
government aid was sought in protecting the caravans and in 
locating a road. On the 14th of December, 1824, Senator 
Thomas H. Benton, who took a great interest in the Far 
West, presented a petition to Congress reciting the nature, 
magnitude, and importance of the Santa Fe trade, and pray- 
ing that the government would endeavor to secure from the 
Indians the right of undisturbed passage through their lands, 
and that it would establish a military post on the Arkansas 
at the point where the Trail crossed it. The subject was 


SANTA FE ROAD COMMISSION. Bas 


energetically pressed during that session of Congress and 
resulted in an appropriation of ten thousand dollars for 
marking the line of a road from the Missouri frontier to 
New Mexico, and one of twenty thousand dollars for secur- 
ing concessions from the Indians. 

In accordance with the law a commission consisting of 
Benjamin Reeves, George C. Sibley, and Thomas Mather, 
with a surveyor by the name of J. C. Brown, set out in 
June, 1825, to execute the work. The survey was made by 
chain and compass with sextant observations for lati- 
tude and longitude. The line as surveyed followed the Trail 
pretty closely until after it left the Cimarron river where it 
bore off to the westward and terminated at Taos. The 
memoir accompanying the maps of the survey states that 
the road was “surveyed and marked ” from Fort Osage to 
Taos, but this would seem to be wrong. As far as the Ar- 
kansas river it was plainly marked with raised mounds, but 
beyond this point, if marked at all, it must have been in so 
temporary a way that the evidence of it quickly disappeared. 

The great mistake made in this survey was in attempting 
to force travelers to take any but the shortest practicable 
route. It is always a dangerous experiment to ignore that 
tendency of human nature, and of the American type in par- 
ticular, to take the short cut. Knowing the perils of the 
Cimarron desert Brown thought it better to ascend the Ar- 
kansas to Chouteau Island and then go straight south to 
the lower spring of the Cimarron, which could be reached 
in one day. But it was traveling two sides of a triangle 
where it was possible to follow the third, and the traders 
preferred to take their chances by the shorter route. In like 
manner Brown thought it better for travelers to go first to 
Taos because that was the “ nearest of the Mexican settle- 
ments, the most northern and the most abundant in provision 
for man and beast.” He accordingly turned off to the right 
at a point some distance beyond the head of the Cimarron 
and made straight for Taos. But here again the traders 
refused to follow him. 


534 LOCATION OF THE TRAIL. 


_ From a practical point of view the survey was thus of lit- 

tle use; but it was a substantial contribution, or would have 
been if published, to the geographical knowledge of the 
West. The survey was carefully executed, was extremely 
accurate, and was mapped in conjunction with descriptive 
notes in a most convenient method. Had the government 
published these notes exactly in the form in which they were 
written, which could have been done at very slight expense, 
they would have made a succinct guide book of the Trail 
sufficient for all requirements down to the day of railroads. 
It is an instance almost without parallel where the govern- 
ment, after doing a really useful piece of work, has pigeon- 
holed it in perpetuity, and deprived the public of any benefit 
from it. 

As in the case of the Oregon Trail it is not easy to locate 
with precision upon modern maps the line of the Santa Fe 
Trail through the cultivated sections to the eastward of the 
Arkansas river. The land surveys have thrown the roads 
into the four cardinal directions. The railroads follow the 
old line more closely, although by no means exactly. The 
names no longer mark the precise localities then designated 
by them, but more than likely have been transferred to 
neighboring railway stations or the sites of towns near by. 
Thus it results that if the old Trail could be spread down like 
a ribbon over the farms and fences of fertile Kansas it would 
lie mostly where no road now goes. It is possible neverthe- 
less to locate it within narrow limits and point out the mod- 
ern places near which it lay — so near in fact that from any 
neighboring church steeple one could overlook the route 
along which the motley caravans wended their way some 
seventy years ago. 

While the line of travel specifically known as the Santa Fé 
Trail was that here described, it must not be supposed that 
it was the only route, or that it was followed rigidly through- 
out all its course. It was not an uncommon thing for par- 
ties both on the main trail and the mountain branch to pass 
by way of Taos. Numerous parties followed the Arkansas 


VARIATIONS OF ROUTE. 535 


to and from Little Rock or Fort Smith and did not go by 
way of Independence at all. In 1839 Gregg left Van Buren, 
Arkansas, and followed the general course of the Canadian 
until he reached the main trail. On the return route he 
kept still more to the south. In 1840 the experiment was 
tried of going direct to Chihuahua from Red river across 
the present state of Texas. None of these experimental 
routes gained any permanency. 

Attempts to simplify the problem of transportation led to 
numerous absurd schemes. One man secured a concession 
giving him the exclusive right to navigate the Rio Grande, 
and doubtless imagined that a vast fortune would fall to 
him when his boats should carry merchandise to Santa Fe 
along that dusty stream, and put to rout the antiquated car- 
avans of the plains. Another party made an importunate 
appeal to Congress to remove the “ raft’ in the Red river, 
for if this obstruction could be removed, of the practicability 
of which he said there could be no doubt, the ‘‘ Red river will 
then become navigable for steamboats of moderate size 
to within sixty miles of Santa Fe, whence it will be easy 
to go in barges twenty-four leagues farther,”’ or twelve miles 
beyond Santa Fe! There is no evidence that the caravan 
_ route ever took any measures to forestall this threatened 
competition. 

In 1830 a man by the name of Wolfskill opened a route 
from Taos to southern California, passing north of the 
Grand Cafion of the Colorado of the West. <A consider- 
able trade developed along this line, and even in these early 
days goods were carried from the United States to the 
shores of the Pacific, while the mules of that region found 
their way in considerable numbers to the valley of the 
Mississippi. 

With this general description of the Santa Fe Trail we 
pass to a detailed itinerary of the route. 

Leaving Independence, the next place of importance on 
the Trail was 

Blue Camp, 20 miles, ‘‘a charming spot on the western 


530 COUNCIL GROVE. 


boundary of Missouri. Situated thus at the very junction 
of civilization and the wilderness we could overlook them 
both with a single glance.” (Wislizenus. ) 

Round Grove, or Lone Elm Tree, 35 miles. A regular 
stopping place and also something of a rendezvous. 

Oregon Trail Junction, 43 miles. Here in the naked 
prairie stood a sign post with the inscription “Road to 
Oregon.” 

Black Jack Point, 47 miles. So called from the dwarf- 
ish oak trees found here. 

The Narrows, 65 miles, “a narrow ridge which separates 
the Osage and Kansas waters.” (Gregg). 

t10-Mile Creek, 100 miles. ‘“‘ The name of this creek 
refers to its distance from the old Fort Osage.” (Wislize- 
nus. ) 

Bridge Creek, 108 miles. 

Switzler's Creek, 116 miles. “ Fine running water.” 

Then followed numerous creek crossings, headwaters of 
the Osage, but of no special distinction until the crossing 
of the Neosho is reached at 
. Council Grove, 150 miles. One of the most important 
stations on the Trail. There was at this point a thickly- 
wooded bottom, half a mile to a mile in width, and of in- 
definite length, lying along the river and affording a great 
variety of excellent timber. The name was given by the 
Santa Fe Road Commission of 1825. It was here that the 
commissioners met the Osage Indians in council and 
secured their agreement to the unmolested passage of the 
American and Mexican traders through their country. The 
name was in honor of this event... It fitted in admirably with 
the part this timbered locality afterward played in the his- 
tory of the Trail. The caravans usually came thus far in 
detached parties and here met in council and organized for 
the perilous journey across the plains. It was generally 
supposed that the name arose from this circumstance. 

The line of the Trail thus far may be approximately laid 
down in terms of modern geography, Leaving Independ- 


THE ARKANSAS RIVER. 537 


ence, Missouri, it bore distinctly southwest and crossed the 
state boundary just east of the village of Glenn, Kansas. 
Thence it continued southwest, passing a little to the north 
of the towns of Olathe and Gardner in Johnson county. It 
then ran nearly west close to the divide between the waters 
of the Kansas and Osage rivers and near the towns of Bald- 
win, Worden and Baden in Douglas county; Overbrook, 
Scranton, and Burlingame in Osage county; Wilmington 
in Wabaunsee, Waushara and Agnes in Lyon, and thence 
to Council Grove in Morris county. 

After leaving Council Grove, the next landmark of note 
was 

Diamond Spring, 165 miles, ‘‘a crystal fountain dis- 
charging itself into a small brook, to which, in recent years, 
caravans have sometimes advanced before organizing.” 
(Gregg). The “Diamond of the Plains, a remarkably 
fine large fountain near which is good camping ground.” 
(Brown). | 

The road now passes in succession the following points: 

Lost Spring; 180 miles. 

Cottonwood Creek, 192 miles. 

Turkey Creek, 217 miles. 

Little Arkansas, 234 miles. 

Cow Creek, 254 miles, and finally arrives at 

The Arkansas river, 270 miles. This stream, which for 
all its length west of the 1ooth meridian was the frontier 
between the United States and Spanish territories, was one 
of great importance to the traders in this region. It was 
not a navigable stream in this part of its course, unless the 
possibility of descending it in light craft in flood time enti- 
tles it to that distinction. Its importance arose in part from 
the fact of its being the national frontier, and in part because 
the country about its headwaters was a rich trapping ter- 
ritory. 

Between Council Grove and the Arkansas the Trail, if laid 
down upon a modern map, would pass the town of Helmic!< 
in Morris county; thence a little north of the modern Dia- 


538 PAWNEE ROCK. 


mond Springs and Burdick in the same county, and a little 
south of Lost Spring in Marion. It would cross the Cotton- 
wood river near Durham and pass close by Canton, Galba, 
McPherson and Conway in McPherson county. It would 
cross the Little Arkansas below Little river in Rick county, 
and continuing past Lyons and Chase in the same county, 
would reach the Arkansas near Ellinwood, Barton county. 

The road now turns up the left bank of the Arkansas and 
passes 

Walnut Creek, 278 miles, and 

Pawnee Rock, 293 miles. This rock was to the Santa Fe 
Trail what Independence Rock was to the Oregon Trail. It 
was composed of ferruginous sandstone and rose about 
twenty feet high upon the right hand side of the Trail, some 
two miles back from the river. It was a great place for 
inscriptions both by the whites and Indians. ‘“ Here was 
a confused medley of cognomens,” says Sage, “ English, 
French, Spanish, German, Irish, Scotch — all entered upon 
the register of fancied immortality.” Not a few names 
were recorded there that have found a permanent place in 
Western history. The name of the rock, according to 
Cooke, “came from a siege there, once upon a time, of a 
small party of Pawnees by the Comanche hordes; the rocky 
mound was impregnable; but alas for valor! they were 
parched with thirst, and the shining river glided in their 
sight through green meadows! They drank their horses’ 
blood, and vowed to Wah-Condah that their fates should be 
one. Death before slavery! Finally in a desperate effort 
to cut their way to liberty, they all met heroic death; usher- 
ing their spirits with defiant shouts to the very threshold of 
the happy hunting grounds! The Comanches, after their 
melancholy success, were full of admiration and erected on 
the summit a small pyramid which we see to this day.” ? 


*Inman in his Stories of the Santa Fe Trail, published in 1881, and 
again in his Santa Fe Trail, 1897, endeavors to glorify his friend, Kit 
Carson, by connecting an advehture in the life of that noted frontiers- 
man with the christening of this rock. But while the story is a good 


“THE CACHES.” 539 


Proceeding up the valley of the Arkansas the next point 
noted in the itinerary of the Trail is 

Ash Creek, 297 miles. 

Pawnee Fork, 303 miles. 

Coon Creek, 336 miles. 

“ The Caches,” 372 miles, so named from an incident else- 
where related which occurred in 1822 when Baird and 
Chambers were compelled to cache their goods there. 
Gregg informs us that in his time “ few travelers passed this 
way without visiting these mossy pits, many of which 
remain to the present day.”’ The Caches were a little west 
of the point where the 1ooth meridian crossed the river, 
and consequently the first point of note after reaching the 
Mexican frontier. Their location was five miles west of 
where Dodge City, Kansas, now stands. The ground 
where they were excavated has mostly caved into the river. 

The Ford of the Arkansas, 392 miles. This was the 
regular crossing after 1829 and was known as the Cimar- 
ron crossing. Its location is twenty miles above Dodge 
City. It was a little more than half way between Independ- 
ence and Santa Fe. 
one and may have happened somewhere, it did not happen where or 
when Inman says. It is singular that so noted a character as Kit 
Carson should be so entirely unknown in the annals of the fur trade 
as he actually was. His name occurs only once in the correspondence 
Or newspaper literature prior to 1843 so far as it has fallen under 
our observation. This reference is an interesting one and positively 
fixes the year in which he commenced his wild west career. It was in 
1826 when he joined a Santa Fe caravan under Charles Bent. The 
Missouri Intelligencer of October 12, 1826, had the following notice 
relating to the event: “Notice: To whom it may concern: That 
Christopher Carson, a boy about sixteen years old, small of his age, but 
thick set, light hair, ran away from the subscriber, living in Franklin, 
Howard Co., Mo., to whom he had been bound to learn the saddler’s 
trade, on or about the first day of September last. He is supposed to 
have made his way toward the upper part of the state. All persons 
are notified not to harbor, support or subsist said boy under penalty 
of the law. One cent reward will be given to any person who will 


bring back the said boy. (signed) David Workman, Franklin, Oct. 6, 
1826.” 


540 FORDS OF THE ARKANSAS. 


There was another, or Lower Crossing, seventeen miles 
below Dodge City. It was near the mouth of Mulberry 
creek at the extreme point of the large southern bend of the 
Tiver. 

The Upper Ford of the Arkansas, which was in use as late 
as 1829, was located at Chouteau Island, just above where 
the town of Hartland, Kansas, now stands. This was the 
crossing recommended by surveyor Brown in 1825-7 and 
was the nearest point on the Arkansas to the lower spring 
of the Cimarron which lay directly south. 

Chouteau Island was a well-known point on the upper 
Arkansas. The name dates from the Chouteau-De Munn 
expedition of 1815-17. While on his way to the Missouri 
in the spring of 1816 with the furs collected during the pre- 
vious winter, Chouteau was attacked by a war party of two 
hundred Pawnees and lost one man killed and three 
wounded. He retreated to an island in the Arkansas where 
he could more effectually defend himself and the name arose 
from this incident. Chouteau did not have any trading 
post here, as asserted by some authorities. 

The principal danger in crossing the Arkansas was that of 
quicksands. Unless the party happened along during the 
June rise, the water offered no obstacles whatever. But the 
river bottom was treacherous. It was customary to double 
the teams, and it was imperative not to stop while crossing, 
lest the heavy loads sink immediately so deep that the teams 
could not start them. 

After crossing the Arkansas, the route lay on Mexican 
‘soil. Resuming the itinerary at the Cimarron Crossing the 
first point of interest south of the Arkansas was the 
__-Battle ground, 407 miles. The name arose at the very 
end of the.period of which we are treating, when a small 
band of Texans defeated the van guard of Armigo’s army, 
only to be disarmed in turn a little later by United States 
troops. ae allt 

Cimarron River, Lower Spring, 450 miles. This stream, 
far from being a river, was ordinarily no stream at all. 


\ 
X 


SPRINGS OF THE CIMARRON, 541 


There was no water in its bed in the dry season except at 
the springs. 

This part of the route was most dreaded of all. The dis- 
tance, fifty-eight miles, required at least two, and more often 
three, days to traverse, and there was no water on the way. 
In the earlier years the route was very uncertain for the 
wagons made no impression on the hard dry soil and no 
trail was developed. This fact, and a total absence of land- 
marks, made the danger of getting lost a very serious one, 
for in that waterless country a day or two of lost time might 
prove disastrous. This difficulty was removed in 1834 by 
a fortunate circumstance. It happened that year, quite 
unusually, that there were continuous and heavy rains while 
the caravan was passing this part of the route. The wagons 
cut a distinct furrow on the softened turf which was fol- 
lowed by subsequent caravans until it developed into a per- 
manent road. It is visible in many places to the present 
day. 

This part of the Trail passed near the localities now 
known by the names of Example, Ivanhoe, Conductor, and 
Zyonville in southwestern Kansas. The route then 
ascended the valley of the Cimarron for a distance of eighty- 
five miles. The points of interest were 

Middle Spring of the Cimarron, 486 miles. 

Willow Bar, 512 miles. 

Between Willow Bar and Upper Spring was another 
“battle ground’ so named from a skirmish between Gen- 
eral Viscara and the Indians in 1829 when he was escort- 
ing the caravan from Santa Fe to the Arkansas. 

Upper Spring, 530 miles. 

Cold Spring, 535 miles. At this point the road left the 
valley of the Cimarron. 

McNees’ Creek, 560 miles, the site of a melancholy trag- 
edy of the Trail. It was here that Munroe and McNees 
were attacked and McNees was slain in 1828.? 

Upon leaving the Cimarron it was customary for a cara- 

* See the following chapter. 


542 TERMINUS OF THE TRAIL. 


van to send couriers in advance to spy out the country and 
ascertain the condition of the custom house business at 
Santa Fe. From here on there was a plain trail. 

Rabbit Ear Creek, 580 miles. This name arose from the 
fancied resemblance of some hills in the southwest to rabbit’s 
ears. They were a guide to the traveler on this part of the 
journey. It was near the head of Rabbit Ear Creek that 
Major Long passed in 1820 in his futile search for the Red 
river. 

Round Mound, 588 miles. A notable landmark and 
important as a guide before the route became established. 
The earlier track lay a little south of the mound, but in 
Gregeg’s time it was established on the north side. The 
height of the mound above the plain was six hundred and 
ten feet and the elevation above sea level 6,655 feet. 

Rock Creek, 596 miles. 

Point of Rocks, 615 miles. 

kio Colorado, 635 miles, elevation about 6,486 feet. 
This stream was supposed to be the upper course of Red 
river until 1820 when Major Long discovered that it was 
the upper course of the Canadian. 

Ocate Creek, 641 miles. 

Santa Clara Spring, near Wagon Mound, 662 miles. It 
was here that the mountain branch from Bent’s Fort 
rejoined the main trail. - 

kio Mora, 684 miles. Last of the Canadian waters. 

Rio Gallinas, 704 miles. The first abode of white men 
in Gregg’s time —a Mexican ranchero — was encountered 
here. The road was now in a mountainous country. 

Ojo de Bernal Spring, 721 miles. 

San Miguel, 727 miles, the first settlement of consequence 
before reaching Santa Fe. 

Pecos Village, 750 miles. 

SANTA FE, 775 miles. 

From the Cimarron river to Santa Clara Spring the 
geographical nomenclature has not changed much since the 
Trail was used, for civilization has never taken kindly to 


BENT AND ST. VRAIN. 543 


these inhospitable wastes. Over much of the distance the 
old road can still be followed. From near the point where 
the mountain branch joined the main trail the Atchison, 
Topeka and Santa Fe railroad now follows very closely the 
old route to Santa Fe. 

The principal point on the mountain branch of the Santa 
Fe Trail was 

Bent’s Fort,? 530 miles. This was in every respect one 
of the most important situations in the West, and the post 
ranked with Union, Pierre and Laramie in thoroughness of 
construction. It was the great cross roads station of the 
southwest. The north and south route between the Platte 
river country and Santa Fe, and the east and west route up 
the Arkansas and into the mountains found this their most 
natural trading point. 

This branch of the Trail crossed the river very nearly 
where La Junta now stands, and thence ran south, crossing 
Raton Pass, and joined the main trail at Santa Clara Spring 
near Mora river. The mountain branch of the Santa Fe 
Trail has been closely followed by the “Santa Fe route” of 
the present day. 


* See list of posts, Appendix F. 

Bent and St. Vrain was the name of one of the most important of the 
fur trading firms. It ranked next to the American Fur Company in 
the amount of business that it transacted in the period about 1840. It 
maintained two posts, Bent’s Fort, on the Arkansas, sometimes called 
Fort William, for William Bent, and a post on the South Platte 
opposite the mouth of St. Vrain Fork. 

The Bent family was well known both in St. Louis and throughout 
the southwest. Silas Bent was born in Massachusetts in 1744; came 
to St. Louis in 1804; held important offices in St. Louis, and died in 
1827. He had seven sons, of whom the most distinguished were 
William and Charles who built the post on the Arkansas. After the 
War with Mexico Charles Bent was made governor of New Mexico, 
but was murdered in Taos soon after. In 1852 William Bent destroyed 
Bent’s Fort and built another farther down stream called Bent’s New 
Fort. . 

Ceran St. Vrain was also of a family well known in the history of 
St. Louis. His father came to America in 1770 and in later years 
moved to St. Louis, where he married and passed the rest of his life. 


544 JOSIAH GREGG. 


He died in 1818, leaving five sons, of whom the most distinguished 
was the one who became the Santa Fe trader. No biographies of 
either the St. Vrain or the Bent brothers have been written. 

A distinguished trader on the Santa Fe Trail was Josiah Gregg, who, 
like many another, went to the plains for his health, and becoming 
enamored of the life went into business there. His distinction, how- 
ever, is rather that of historian than of a trader. It would be a grave 
omission not to refer more particularly to his splendid work, the 
Commerce of the Prairies. Written by one who was both a student 
and a practical man of affairs, fond of philosophic speculations yet 
accustomed to the shrewd ways of business, it is discriminating, com- 
prehensive and free from exaggeration. It is the classic of the Santa 
Fe Trail, well arranged and admirably written. Although limited in 
scope, it fills its particular niche so completely that it is entitled to rank 
as one of the great works of American history. 


CHAPTER XXX1. 
THE SANTA FE TRADE. 


INCIDENTS OF THE TRAIL. 


Chouteau and De Munn— Surgery on the Plains— Murder of 
McNees and Munroe — Death of Captain John Means — Attacks on the 
Caravan of 1829 — Death of Jedediah S. Smith. 


Gee Santa Fe trade was not distinguished for thrilling 

annals, and the greater part of it was as uneventful as 
the most prosaic modern business. Still it was inevitable 
that, in the course of twenty years in a country like that over 
which the caravans passed, incidents of historic note should 
occur. A few such are presented in this chapter, all of 
them authentic. They are given in the chronological order 
of their occurrence. 


IMPRISONMENT AND TRIAL OF CHOUTEAU AND DE MUNN. 


In May, 1817, Auguste P. Chouteau and Julius De Munn 
with their party of hunters and trappers were forcibly taken 
from their encampment on the Arkansas river, escorted to 
Santa Fe, confined there forty-eight days, part of the time 
in irons, and then tried and set at liberty, with the forfeiture 
of all their property. The details of this trial are curious 
enough to justify repetition. The simple and direct narra- 
tive written by De Munn himself can not well be improved 
upon. 

“After forty-eight days’ imprisonment,” he relates, “ we 
were presented before a courtmartial composed of six mem- 
bers and a president who was the governor himself. 
[Pedro Maria de Allande,] Only one of the six members 


546 COURTMARTIAL OF CHOUTEAU AND DE MUNN. 


appeared to have any information, the others not even know- 
ing how to sign their names. Many questions were asked, 
but particularly why we had stayed so long in Spanish 
dominions. I answered that, being on the Arkansas river 
we did not consider ourselves in the domains of Spain, as we 
had a license to go as far as the headwaters of said river. 
The president denied that our government had a right to 
give such a license, and entered into such a rage that it pre- 
vented his speaking, contenting himself with striking his fist 
several times on the table, saying, ‘Gentlemen, we must have 
this man shot.’ 

“At such conduct of the president I did not think much 
of my life, for all the members were terrified in his presence, 
and unwilling to resist him; on the contrary [were ready] 
to do anything to please him. 

“He talked much of a big river that was the boundary line 
between the two countries, but did not know its name. 
When mention was made of the Mississippi he jumped up 
saying that that was the big river he meant; that Spain had 
never ceded the west side of it. It may be easy to judge of 
our feelings to see our lives in the hands of such a man. 

“That day the court did not come to any determination, 
because the president (as I heard him say to Lieutenant 
de Arce) had forgotten everything he had to say. Next 
day we were again presented to the court, but as I knew the 
kind of man we had to deal with, I never attempted to jus- 
tify myself of any of his false assertions. We were dis- 
missed and Mr. Chouteau and myself put in the same room. 

“ Half an hour afterward the lieutenant came in with a 
written sentence; we were forced to kneel down to hear the 
citure of it, and forced, likewise, to kiss the unjust and 
iniquitous sentence that deprived harmless men of all they 
possessed — of the fruits of two years’ labors and perils. 

“What appears the more extraordinary is that the gov- 
ernor acknowledged to me afterward in the presence of Don 
Piedro Piero, the deputy of New Mexico to the Cortes, and 
several others, that we were very innocent men; yet notwith- 


SURGERY ON THE PLAINS. 547 


standing this all our property was kept and we were per- 
mitted to come home, each with one of the worst horses we 
had: 

William Waldo is authority for the following anecdote 
relating to this event: “ Chouteau, having been brought up 
in the city of St. Louis, which in its early history had per- 
haps more Spanish inhabitants than those of any other 
nationality, spoke the Spanish language, which enabled him 
to communicate freely with the authorities and priests [of 
Santa Fe]. His superior powers of conversation and his 
courtly address so captivated the Spanish governor that he 
would frequently have the Colonel carried from the prison 
to his house to amuse him and entertain him. On one of 
these occasions, when the governor had favored his visitor 
with a long catalogue of his numerous benefactions in his 
behalf, he paused and with great earnestness demanded what 
more he would have. The Colonel quietly replied ‘Mi Lib- 
ertad, Senor Gobernador!’ This so incensed the boastful 
magistrate that the prisoner was quickly ordered back to his 
vile cell.’’* 


SURGERY ON THE PLAINS. 


When the caravan of 1826 was wending its way up the 
valley of the Arkansas, one of its members, a Mr. Broadus, 
while in the act of drawing his rifle from the wagon, acci- 
dentally discharged it into his arm. The wound was a dan- 
gerous one and the man was advised to have his arm 
amputated at once before mortification should set in. He 
persistently refused until the wound had become so bad that 
all hope of doing anything for it was abandoned. In this 
predicament the man concluded to have the operation per- 
formed, and finally got some of the party to undertake it. 


*Letter from Julius De Munn to Governor William Clark, dated St. 
Louis, November 25, 1817. This was before the treaty defining the 
boundary between Spain and the United States, which was completed 
in I819. 

?MSS. 135, Missouri Historical Society. 


548 M’NEES AND MUNROE. 


It is said that Kit Carson, then on his first trip across the 
plains, was one of the “surgeons.” Their only instruments 
were a handsaw, a butcher knife and an iron bolt. The saw 
teeth being too coarse, a finer set were filed on the back. 
“The knife having been whetted keen, and the iron bolt laid 
upon the fire, they commenced the operation; and in less time 
than it takes to tell it, the arm was opened round to the bone, 
which was almost in an instant sawed off ; and with the whiz- 
zing hot iron the whole stump was so effectually seared as to 
close the arteries completely. Bandages were now applied 
and the company proceeded on their journey as though noth- 
ing had occurred. The arm commenced healing rapidly and 
in a few weeks the patient was sound and well.” (Gregg.) 


MURDER OF M’ NEES AND MUNROE. 


In the summer of 1828 two men, citizens of Franklin, Mis- 
souri, and traders to Santa Fe, were killed on the Trail by 
the Pawnees while on their return home. Their names were 
Daniel Munroe and one McNees, a son of Samuel C. Mc- 
Nees, of Franklin. The exact circumstances of their death 
are not known, but it is supposed that they had lain down to 
sleep near the caravan and that the Indians stole upon them 
and shot them with their own guns. McNees was found 
lifeless and was buried on the banks of a stream which still 
bears his name. Munroe was still alive and was carried 
with the caravan upwards of forty miles before he died. 
He was buried in the valley of the Cimarron. 

The men were deeply incensed at this outrage and took 
vengeance on what seems to have been an entirely innocent 
party. Just as Munroe’s funeral ceremonies were concluded 
a band of six or seven Indians appeared on the other side of 
the Cimarron. They asked for a parley, but quickly per- 
ceived the hostile attitude of the traders and turned about to 
flee. The traders fired and killed all but one. Thus an act of 
base murder by the Indians and one of indiscriminate 
revenge by the whites added another to the catalogue of bar- 


DEATH OF CAPTAIN MEANS. 549 


barities which has ever characterized the relations of the 
white man and the Indian. 
DEATH OF CAPTAIN JOHN MEANS. 

Another fatality occurred in the year 1828 and this time 
also with a returning party. The date is confirmed by the 
Missouri Intelligencer of October 24, 1828, which. states that 
the company comprised about twenty-five persons. The 
details of the affair are condensed from Inman, who claims 
to have them from those who took part init. The party was 
a small one consisting of only twenty-one men, one hundred 
and fifty mules, five wagons and a small amount of specie. 
At the upper Cimarron springs they were surrounded by a 
large band of Comanches who ordered the whites to camp 
with them for the night. They decided that this would be 
suicidal and resolved to make their way ahead in spite of the 
Indians. Captain Means, a man named Ellison and another 
man named Bryant brought up the rear of the wagons. 
When the Indians saw that the whites were resolved to pro- 
ceed, they attacked them at once. Ellison and Bryant 
escaped, but Means was instantly shot down and scalped 
before life had left his body. The party then continued 
their route by short stages, constantly beset by the Indians, 
but escaping with no more disastrous loss than the serious 
wounding of one of their number. At length they got to 
such a desperate strait that it was resolved to abandon the 
wagons and a portion of the specie. Taking whatever prop- 
erty they could with them and about ten thousand dollars 
specie, they set out quietly at night, and by traveling all the 
next day and into the following night they reached the 
Arkansas. Here they cached the rest of their specie to 
lighten their load. By the time they arrived at Walnut 
creek they were so exhausted that they despaired of reach- 
ing the settlements, and dispatched five of the most able- 
bodied of their number to Independence for help. A rescue 
party was immediately formed and sent off after the suf- 
ferers, who were picked up, scattered along the Trail, some- 


550 ADVENTURES OF AN UNKNOWN PARTY. 


times one in a place, sometimes two, but all on the verge of 
starvation. 

One writer states that the specie was cached on Chou- 
teau Island and that in the following year the party went 
back with the spring caravan under escort of the United 
States troops and that Major Riley, from his camp a little 
below the Island, sent a detachment to help recover the spe- 
cie; but Cooke, who has left an account of the expedition, 
makes no mention of it.? 


ATTACKS ON THE CARAVAN OF 18209. 


This was the caravan that was under the escort of United 
States troops between Council Grove and the ford of the 


*I suspect that Inman, who was much better at telling stories than he 
was at telling facts, has mixed the incident in which Means lost his 
life with another which is reported in the Missourt Republican of 
March 5, 1833. According to this last authority a number of men 
arrived in St. Louis from Santa Fe on the 2nd of March of that year. 
While on their way home with a party of twelve traders they were 
attacked on the Canadian some two hundred miles from Santa Fe by 
about two hundred Comanches. The attack occurred about January 
I, 1833, and lasted thirty-two hours. A tinner by the name of Pratte 
was killed while trying to catch a mule at a little distance from camp. 
The party tied their mules to a tree and intrenched themselves as_ 
quickly as possible. During this time a Mr. Mitchell of Boone county 
was killed. About midnight the party tried to get away, but were 
driven back. The fight continued all of the next day, by which time 
the whites had expended all of their ammunition and most of them 
were wounded. They had almost given up when they were most unex- 
pectedly hailed by the Indians, who told them in Spanish that they 
might go. It is probable that the Indians had also given up hope of 
success. 

The horses and mules of the whites had all been killed and they 
were compelled to abandon their property, including about $12,000 of 
specie. The next day after leaving the battle ground they separated, 
one part taking the nearest cut to the settlements and the other going 
down the river. They suffered incredible hardships. It was winter 
time and most of them were wounded. They were likewise nearly 
destitute of clothing, and being without ammunition, could not procure 
food. 

The fate of the other division of the party is not known, but evidently 
none of them were lost. 


ATTACK, UPON SPANISH. ESCORT. 551 


Arkansas, and under Mexican escort from Santa Fe to the 
Arkansas on the return trip. The American escort under 
Major Riley stopped at the ford of the Arkansas and the 
traders were cautioned to keep close together, as there was 
no danger so long as they did not permit stragglers to get 
away from the main party. In culpable disregard of this 
wholesome precaution several traders rode on in advance, 
and when in a narrow defile were beset by about fifty In- 
dians. The traders fled precipitately, but one, a Mr. 
Lamme, who was mounted on a mule, was overtaken and 
slain. His companions showed very little courage in thus 
abandoning him when a slight show of resistance would 
probably have enabled him to escape. The unfortunate 
trader was a resident of Franklin county, Missouri, and the 
principal proprietor of the caravan. 

The return caravan was escorted to the Arkansas by Mexi- 
can troops commanded by Colonel Viscara. While in the 
valley of the Cimarron they were attacked by the Indians; 
Cooke says by Arapahoes and Comanches; Gregg says Gros 
Ventres. <A party of about one hundred and twenty Indians 
approached on foot. The traders were opposed to admitting 
any friendly intercourse, but Viscara received them amicably 
-and permitted them to camp near by. He promised the 
traders that the Indians should be disarmed, but they were 
too sharp for him and most of them retained their weapons. 
When an opportune moment arrived they sprang up with a 
frightful yell and commenced the attack. They seemed 
especially bent on killing the Mexican commander, and one 
of the chiefs, when only a few feet away, leveled his gun to 
fire. A Taos Indian, one of the Colonel’s bodyguard, see- 
ing his master’s danger, sprang in between him and the chief 
_ and received the contents of the gun in his own heart. A 
brother of this Indian sprang like a tiger at the chief and 
slew him upon the spot. An officer and two of the soldiers 
were killed but none of the traders were injured. The latter 
joined with the troops in repulsing the attack, which was 
easily accomplished, after which the Indians were relent- 


552 “LOST ON THE CIMARRON DESERT. 


lessly pursued and killed wherever overtaken. It is said 
that the pursuers displayed true savage barbarity in the vin- 
dictive way in which they wreaked vengeance upon these 
Indians and that they went back to the States with human 
scalps dangling to their horses’ bridles. 


THE MELANCHOLY FATE OF JEDEDIAH S. SMITH. 


Of all the tragedies of the Santa Fe Trail the most deplor- 
able is that in which this Christian hero of the wilderness 
met an untimely death on the banks of the thirsty Cimarron. 
In the spring of 1831 Smith, Jackson and Sublette, having 
sold their business in the mountains to the Rocky Mountain 
Fur Company, entered the Santa Fe trade. With a large 
and costly expedition of some twenty wagons and eighty 
men, said to have been the finest outfit ever yet sent to Santa 
Fe, these veteran traders set out, never doubting that their 
long experience would enable them to cope with the dangers 
of the route. Everything went well to the ford of the Ar- 
kansas, for there was a plain track all the way. But it was 
very different on the desert waste between the Arkansas and 
the Cimarron. ‘There was not a person with them who had 
been over the route before, and they now found themselves 
in a featureless country with no track of any kind except buf- 
falo trails which crossed each other in the most confusing di- 
rections. The alluring mirage deceived and exasperated the 
men, and after two days of fruitless wanderings, with ani- 
mals dying and men frantic for water, the condition of things 
seemed well-nigh desperate. In this emergency Smith 
declared that he would find water or perish in the attempt. 
He was a bold and fearless man and unhesitatingly sallied 
forth alone for the salvation of the caravan. Following a 
buffalo trail for several miles he came upon the valley of the 
Cimarron, but only to find it destitute of water. He knew 
enough of the character of these streams, however, to believe 
that there was water near the surface, and he accordingly 
scooped out a little hollow into which, indeed, the water 
began to collect. Meanwhile some stealthy Comanches, 


SLAIN BY “THE COMANCHES.. ~ 553 


whom Smith had not observed, were stealing upon him, and 
while he was in the act of stooping down to drink, mortally 
wounded him with several arrows. He rose and displayed 
his undaunted spirit in resisting his savage foes to the last, 
and killed two of them before he expired. The spot where 
he fell was never precisely known and no grave protects the 
earthly remains of this Christian and knightly adventurer. 
A sadder fate or a more heroic victim the parched wastes of 
the desert never knew.? 


* Authorities Gregg, Cooke and Waldo, 


| PART III. 


Onder EVENTS CONNECTED WITH 
THEME OR TRADE, 


CTUAR LER? {. 


THE WAR OF I812. 


ffect of the war on the Missouri Fur Trade — Influence upon the 
pote of Big Elk— The work of Manuel Lisa — Commis- 
sion \o treat with the Indians— The “One-eyed” Sioux — Lieutenant 
Kennédy’s journey. 


QF War of 1812, so humiliating in many of its phases ~ 
to American pride, affected the trans-Mississippi fur 

trade only on the Columbia and the upper Missouri rivers. 
The irretrievable ruin which it wrought to American inter- 
ests on the Pacific has been considered in another part of 
this work. ts effect on the Missouri trade was to curtail its 

- volume in a large degree, both on account of the diminished 
territory in which it was carried on, and because of the fall 
of prices due to the uncertainty of the traffic. “Since the 
Declaration of War,’ wrote Charles Gratiot to Astor in 
1813, “the traders will not receive any [skins] from the 
Indians, that article having fallen in price.’ And. ten 
months later he wrote: “In former years, before the war, 
we could calculate on at least one thousand packs [of buffalo 
robes] at this time, besides beaver and other different sorts 
of furs. But from the unsettled situation of the Indians 
during the war, particularly the last winter, the scarcity of 

* merchandise among them, the dislike the fur traders have to 


550 BRITISH INFLUENCE ON THE MISSOURI. 


meddle with that article, the kind of monopoly injurious to 
the Indian trade carried on by the factories of the United 
States — all these reasons induce me to suppose that it will 
not be in my power to buy the quantity you want, nor per- 
haps one-half.” 

The second and most serious effect of the war was the 
general unrest of the tribes within reach of border influence, 
and the imminent danger that the frontier settlements of 
Missouri would suffer the horrors of an Indian war. There 
was great reason to fear a general uprising of the upper 
Missouri tribes, similar to that which embarrassed our gov- 
ernment on the headwaters of the Mississippi. Britisa 
influence was strong among these tribes, and it was certain 
that no efforts would be spared to make the most of it, now 
that the two countries were at war. Long before the out- 
break of hostilities British emissaries were evidently making 
ready for it. “ Your Excellency will remember,” wrote 
Manuel Lisa to Governor Clark in 1817, “that more than a 


year before the war broke out I gave you intelligence that _ 


the wampum was carrying [being carried] by British influ- 
ence along the banks of the Missouri, and that all the 
nations of this great river were incited to join the universal 
confederacy then setting on foot.” 

The conditions were particularly favorable for such a con- 
spiracy. By an almost uninterrupted series of misfortunes 
the Missouri Fur Company, the only important American 
organization which had yet attempted to carry its business 
into the region of the upper Missouri, had been practically 
driven from that field. It was impossible that this ill success, 
as compared with the progress of the British companies, 
should not draw upon the American traders the contempt of 
the Indians; and when the Americans finally withdrew alto- 
gether from the Missouri above Council Bluffs the British 
felt that their opportunity had arrived. How great was this 
danger may be inferred from an incident which occurred 
after the close of the war, at a general council of the chiefs 
of the Mississippi and Missouri tribes held at Portage des 


SPEECH OF BIG ELK. 557 


Sioux in the summer of 1815. Big Elk, the Omaha chief, 
made a speech on that occasion which left little doubt as to 
the character of the influence that had penetrated even as 
far as to that peaceful tribe. He said, in part, addressing 
General Clark, “Last winter when you sent your word and 
presents by Captain Manuel Lisa, which he gave us from 
our Great Father, in the night one of the whites (he was 
once your son) wanted my young men to rise. He told 
them that their blankets were dung and the strouds rotten, 
and if they wanted good presents, to cross to the British for 
good clothing. This man was Baptiste Dorion. 

When I was at the Pawnees, I wanted to bring some of Ben 
down, but the whites who live among them told them not to 
go; that no good would come from the Americans; good 
only came from across the neck of land—from the British. 
: I was willing to go to war against the Sacs on the 
Mississippi, but I had no guns and only blunt arrows. The 
British put guns into the hands of all the Sacs. . . . I 
have little more to tell you. I have already told Captain 
Manuel to request you to keep those men [British emissa- 
me eaay itom us... . °.. Take care of the Sioux. 
They listen to too many. They are like a bird that lights 
upon the branch of a tree and knows not which way to turn. 
Take care, or they will fly from under your wing.” 

The Sioux indeed, and all the tribes above, were at the 
outbreak of the war practically in the power of the British. 
Trade was almost suspended and such reports as came down 
indicated the hostility of those tribes. Thus we read in the 
Missouri Gazette of June 5, 1813: ‘“ Arrived here a few 
days ago from the Mandan villages (Upper Missouri), Mr. 
M. Lisa, acting partner of the Missouri Fur Company. 
From Mr. Lisa we learn that the Arapahoes, Cheyennes, 
Aricaras, Gros Ventres, and Crows are, or may be, consid- 
ered at war with the Americans. The British Northwest 
Company having a number of trading houses within a short 
distance of the Missouri, are enabled to embroil our people 


558 INFLUENCE OF MANUEL LISA. 


with the savages, who are constantly urged to cut them 
off.” | 

This reference to the Northwest Company is suggestive. 
At this very moment they were straining every nerve to 
extirpate American influence on the Pacific and it was a 
part of their general purpose to make the most of the oppor- 
tunities offered by the war to drive Americans from the 
entire field along their own territories. 

That there were no serious outbreaks among the Missouri 
indians must be attributed mainly to the influence of Man- 
uel Lisa. Although a Spaniard by birth, he fully appreciated 
the advantages of a free government and had accepted it 
loyally and earnestly. “I have suffered enough in person 
and property under a different government,” he said, in a 
letter already quoted, “to know how to appreciate the one 
under which I now live.” He took an active part in keep- 
ing the Missouri tribes at peace. Recognizing the value of 
his services Governor Clark appointed him sub-agent of the 
upper Missouri tribes in the summer of 1814, and this office 
he held until he voluntarily relinquished it in 1817. We 
give his own statement of what he accomplished. “ The 
Indians of the Missouri,” he said to General Clark, on 
resigning his commission, “are to those of the upper Mis- 
souri as four to one. Their weight would be great if 
thrown into the scale against us. They did not arm against 
the Republic; on the contrary they armed against Great 
Britain and struck the Iowas, the allies of that power. 
When peace was proclaimed, more than forty chiefs had 
intelligence with me, and together we were to carry an expe- 
dition of several thousand warriors against the tribes of the 
upper Mississippi, and silence them at once. These things 
are known to Your Excellency. To the end of the war, 
therefore, the Indians of the Missouri continued friends 
of the United States.” 

Immediately after the news of peace arrived, Lisa 
took to St. Louis a deputation of forty-three chiefs and head 
men of the several bands of the Sioux, also the chiefs of the 


COUNCIL AT PORTAGE DES SIOUX. 559 


Omaha and other tribes residing between the Missouri and 
Mississippi rivers. These chiefs represented nations who 
had offered their services to the government, and were 
about to start on a campaign against the Indians of the Mis- 
sissippi when the war came to an end—another example of 
belated preparations which, had the war continued longer, 
would have turned the tide of military success heavily in 
favor of the Americans. 

Some of the Missouri tribes had actually gone to war 
against the tribes hostile to the United States, and were so 
engaged at the time of the treaty of peace, and it was one 
of the first cares of the government, after the ratification of 
the treaty, to put a stop to their operations. In the spring 
of 1815 a commission was appointed by President Monroe, 
consisting of Governor William Clark, Ninian Edwards, 
and Colonel Auguste Chouteau, for the purpose of inform- 
ing the Indians who had lately been hostile to the United 
States of the terms of the treaty with Great Britain, and of 
entering into peaceful relations with them. The commis- 
sion met large deputations of Indians from the Mississippi 
and Missouri rivers at a little place called the Portage des 
Sioux on the narrow neck of land between the two streams. 
Among these Indians were those brought down by Manuel 
Lisa, and with them satisfactory treaties were made without 
difficulty. But with the Mississippi Indians the case was 
different. The Sacs of Rock river, Illinois, in particular, 
were bitterly hostile to the Americans, opposed to the peace, 
and could not be induced to treat. The labors of the com- 
mission were protracted all summer owing to these difficul- 
ties, and their report discloses in the clearest light the power- 
ful influence which British traders and emissaries still exer- 
cised on our own soil. 

So far as events of the war were concerned, very few 
of a hostile character occurred on the Missouri. There 
were some destructive raids on the settlements in the vicinity 
of Boone’s Lick, and also a few near St. Louis in the sprin+ 
of 1815, but with these we have nothing to do. The two 


560 THE ONE-EYED SIOUX. 


principal events which transpired wholly or in part in the 
valley of the upper Missouri were the sending of messengers 
to the Indians of the upper Mississippi. So hostile were the 
Sacs and Foxes that it was found well-nigh impossible to get 
messengers through their country. It accordingly became 
necessary to send by way of the Missouri, and thence, from 
some point above the Omahas, to St. Peter’s river in Minne- 
sota. The first of these messengers was sent by Governor 
Clark in the fall of 1814, with conciliatory messages to the 
Sioux tribes of the upper Mississippi. He was the noted 
Sioux, L’Orignal Levé, Standing Moose, commonly called 
One-Eye, or the One-Eyed Sioux, owing to the absence of 
one of his eyes, lost by accident in boyhood. He was one of 
the very few upper Mississippi Sioux who sided with the 
Americans. He had formed a great friendship for General 
Pike when that officer passed through his country in 1805, 
and remained true to that attachment by adhering to the 
cause of Pike’s country. When a party was organized 
under the leadership of Joseph Renville and Little Crow to 
make war on the Americans, One-Eye went to St. Louis, 
offered his services to General Clark, who gave him a com- 
mission and engaged him to go on the dangerous errand of 
carrying messages to the upper tribes. The Missouri 
Gazette of June 13, 1815, referring to this event, says: 
“Four Sioux Indians arrived here on Thursday last from 
Prairie du Chien, among whom is the One-Eyed Sioux who 
came down in the gun-boat last year, and who distinguished 
himself so gallantly when the boat was attacked by British 
artillery and a host of Indians. This Sioux and another of 
his tribe left this place last autumn with Manuel Lisa, Esq., 
and ascended the Missouri to the River Jacques [James 
river, South Dakota] from whence he traveled across the 
country to Prairie du Chien.” It appears that on his arrival 
there, Dickson maltreated him, threatened him with death, 
imprisoned him, and tried in every way to extract informa- 
tion, but the Indian remained firm and would disclose noth- 
ing. He was then liberated and made his way to the Sioux 


LIEUTENANT KENNEDY'S JOURNEY. 561 


tribes, whence he returned to Prairie du Chien and remained 
until the British evacuated that place. He came back to St. 
Louis in June, 1815. He had promised General Clark to 
visit the various tribes and he kept his word. He always 
retained his commission as a precious memento, and several 
persons have left a record of having seen it.? 

When the commissioners for forming treaties of peace 
met at Portage des Sioux in the spring of 1815 they were 
still confronted with the impossibility of communicating 
with the upper Mississippi tribes. Some attempts were 
made, although it was a matter of the greatest difficulty to 
secure volunteers for so perilous an undertaking. Among 
those who did attempt it was Joseph La Barge, father of the 
late Captain Joseph La Barge, the noted Missouri river pilot. 
But it was impossible to get through the Sac and Fox coun- 
try, and finally the commission had to send by way of the 
Missouri, as Governor Clark had done the year before. On 
this important and perilous mission Lieutenant Kennedy, 
“ one of the disbanded officers [of the late war] equally dis- 
tinguished by his bravery and enterprise,”’ volunteered to go. 
He succeeded in making the journey, although, owing to 
the theft of his horses, he did not accomplish as much as 
he had hoped. He made his way up the Missouri and 
across to Prairie du Chien, whence he returned late in Sep- 
tember or early in October to St. Louis. While among the 
Missouri Indians he received intelligence that the British 
had opened an establishment among the Mandan nation. 
There is no doubt that the Northwest Company hoped to 
gain a foothold in this quarter, but the treaty of peace 
defeated their expectations. 

With the close of the labors of the peace commission and 
the rendition of their report, October 18, 1815, the incidents 
of the War of 1812, so far as they pertain to the upper 
Missouri country, may be considered at an end. 


*For further details in the life of this distinguished Indian see 
Coues’ Expedition of Zebulon Montgomery Pike, 1895, p. 87. 


CHAPTER II. 


THE YELLOWSTONE EXPEDITION OF 1819-1820. 


Origin of the expedition— Great expectations — Expedition both 
military and scientific— The military force— The scientific party — 
Absurd scheme for moving the troops— The steamboat fiasco — Bad 
management of the expedition— Sickness at Camp Missouri — The 
Western Engineer — Progress of Major Long up the Missouri — 
Arrival at the Council Bluffs— Winter Cantonment — Major Long 
goes to Washington — Failure of the expedition— Organization of 
Long’s expedition of 1820— Expedition arrives at the Pawnees — 
Reaches the base of the mountains — Pike’s Peak— The Arkansas — 
Division of the party — Captain Bell’s journey down the Arkansas — 
Major Long’s journey down the Canadian — Arrival at Fort Smith— 
Arrival of party at Cape Girardeau — Itinerary of Long’s expedition — 
Estimate of results-—- Canadian and Red rivers — Pike’s Peak — Pub- 
lication of report — Major Long’s description of the country. 


HE expedition whose history forms the subject of this 
chapter was everywhere popularly known in its day 
as the Yellowstone Expedition, but is now always spoken 
of as Long’s Expedition. The enterprise was regarded as 
one of great possibilities for the public good, particularly in 
the West. The failure of Mr. Astor’s project upon the 
Columbia; the disastrous fortunes of the Missouri Fur 
Company; the evidences of British influence with Indians 
residing in United States territory; and the necessity of pro- 
tection to American trade in the more remote regions; these 
considerations had prevailed upon Congress to make a for- 
midable showing of national authority along the upper 
course of the Missouri. Not a few hoped that the arms of 
the government would be carried to the Columbia, and that 
American rights upon that river would be restored, as the 
Treaty of Ghent required, to the status existing before the 
War of 1812. 


GREAT EXPECTATIONS. 563 


The enterprise was a popular one in all parts of the coun- 
try, and was a favorite measure of President Monroe, and 
of his Secretary of War, John C. Calhoun. In a letter 
to the Secretary during the progress of the enterprise, the 
President said: ‘“‘ The people of the whole Western country 
take a deep interest in the success of the contemplated estab- 
lishment at the mouth of the Yellowstone river. They look 
upon it as a measure better calculated to preserve the peace 
of the frontier, to secure to us the fur trade and to break up 
the intercourse between the British traders and the Indians, 
than any other which has been taken by the government. 1 
take myself very great interest in the success of the expedi- 
tion, and am willing to take great responsibility to ensur 
its” , | 

The object of the expedition is officially stated by Secre- 
tary Calhoun as follows: ‘-The expedition ordered to the 
mouth of the Yellowstone, or rather to the Mandan village, 
is a part of a system of measures which has for its objects 
the protection of our northwestern frontier and the greater 
extension of our fur trade.” 


To the people of the West, and in fact of the whole coun- 


try, the expedition promised results of which the official pur- 
pose above quoted was a very inadequate expression. 
Quotations might be given at great length from the 
press of the country and even of Europe, evincing the warm- 
est interest in the enterprise; but it will suffice to notice a 
few from the Western press to show how great were the 
expectations of those most directly interested. In an edi- 
torial of April 21, 1819, the Missouri Gazette of St. Louis 
said: “ The importance of this expedition has attracted the 
attention of the whole nation, and there is no measure which 
has been adopted by the present administration that has 
received such universal commendation. If the agents of 
the government who have charge of it fulfil the high expec- 
tations which have been raised, it will conspicuously add to 
the admiration with which the administration of James 
Monroe will hereafter be viewed. . . . In every point 


564 AN ERA-MAKING EXPEDITION. 


of view the Yellowstone Expedition will stand prominent. 
It will add to the security of the Western country, particu- 
larly the frontier settlements; it will keep in check the 
Indians and prevent their depredations; it will tend to 
destroy in some measure the influence that our British neigh- 
bors possess over the minds of the natives; it will throw 
additional light upon the geography of that noble river, the 
Missouri, and also the country on its banks now inhabited 
by the Indians; it will encourage Western emigration; it 
will protect and encourage the fur trade which is now pro- 
ductive of such important benefits to the country, and which 
can be made much more productive; it will conduce to open 
the communication which nature has ordained ought to 
exist between the Mississippi and the Pacific ocean. 

If the expedition should succeed, as we fondly hope bre 
expect, and the views of government should be carried into 
effect, the time will not be far distant when another nation 
will inhabit west of the Mississippi, equal at least, if not 
superior, to those which the ancient remains still found in 
this country lead us to believe once flourished here: a nation 
indeed rendered more durable by the enjoyment of that great 
invention of American freemen—a Federal Republic.”’ The 
article then went on to state some of the dangers of failure 
which might arise if unpractical men were put in charge. It 
gave wise advice in regard to the treatment of the Indians, 
and throughout displayed a knowledge of the conditions of 
success which might well have indicated the writer as a fit- 
ting individual to form part of the personnel of the 
expedition. 

Niles’ Register of October 17, 1818, quoting the St. Louis 
Enquirer, said: “ The establishment of this post [at the 
mouth of the Yellowstone] will be an era in the history of 
the West. It will go to the source and root of the fatal 
British influence which has for so many years armed the 
Indian nations against our Western frontier. It carries the 
arms and power of the United States to the ground which 
has hitherto been exclusively occupied by the British North- 
west and Hudson Bay Companies, and which has been the 


Bias 


ENTHUSIASTIC EXAGGERATIONS. 505 


true seat of British power over the Indian mind. Now the 
American arms and American policy will be displayed upon 
the same theater. The Northwest and Hudson Bay Com- 
panies will be shut out from the commerce of the Missouri 
and Mississippi Indians; the American traders will penetrate 
in safety the recesses of the Rocky mountains in search of 
its rich furs; a commerce yielding a million per annum will 
descend the Missouri, and the Indians, finding their wants 
supplied by the American traders, their domestic wars 
restrained by American policy, will learn to respect the 
American name. 

“The name of the Yellowstone river will hereafter be 
familiar to the American ear.” 1 

The high expectations which were built on the possibilities 
of this expedition are in no way better illustrated than in the 
exaggerations to which they gave rise. One enthusiast seri- 
ously avowed his opinion that the expedition would open a 
“safe and easy communication to China, which would give 
such a spur to commercial enterprise that ten years shall not 
pass away before we shall have the rich productions of that 
country transported from Canton to the Columbia, up that 
river to the mountains, over the mountains and down the 
Missouri and Mississippi, all the way (mountains and all) 
by the potent power of steam. These are not idle dreams, 
rely upon it; to me it seems much less difficult than it was 
universally considered when I first came here to navigate 
the Missouri with sailboats.’’? The writer of this letter 
was indeed a trifle “ previous’ in his forecast, but one can 
discern in his heated imagination a dim conception of the 
railroad yet to be. It was not to be for many years, but the 
time has come when the “ potent power of steam ”’ transports 
the goods of China over ‘‘ mountains and all”’ to every mart 
where the needs of the people require them. 


* Little did the writer imagine the causes which would yet make the 
name Yellowstone familiar throughout the world. 

*Letter from Fort Osage to Editor Niles Register, May 17, 1819. 
Published in issue of July 3, 1819. 


566 THRILL OF THE NEW ERA. 


We can hardly realize now what visions of future great- 
ness then filled the minds of our people. Steam had fairly 
entered upon its conquest of the navigable waters of the 
globe, and scarcely a day passed but that some new feat 
astonished the world and brushed aside another of the 
“‘impossibilities ” of conservatism. All ranks of society felt 
the thrill of the new era, and even men of sober experience 
were swept along in the current. The following views, 
expressed by a man of long and distinguished public service, 
reflect the general enthusiasm of the time. Speaking of the 
Yellowstone Expedition he said: ‘“‘ See those vessels, with 
the agency of steam, advancing against the powerful cur- 
rents of the Mississippi and the Missouri! Their course is 
marked by volumes of smoke and fire, which the civilized 
man observes with admiration, and the savage with astonish- 
ment. Botanists, mineralogists, chemists, artisans, cultiva- 
tors, scholars, soldiers; the love of peace, the capacity for 
war; philosophical apparatus and military supplies; tele- 
scopes and cannon; garden seeds and gunpowder; the arts 
of civil life and the force to defend them—all are seen 
aboard. The banner of freedom which waves over the 
whole proclaims the character and protective power of the 
United States.” 

We have given somewhat at length, and in their own lan- 
guage, the views of the people at the time upon this impor- 
tant expedition, because a full understanding of their high 
expectations is necessary in order to appreciate their deep 
disappointment at their non-fulfillment. Unfortunately the 
very magnitude of the enterprise and its unbounded possi- 
bilities led to an elaboration of the means for carrying it 
into effect which, by its cumbersomeness, proved fatal to the 
undertaking. 

The expedition was to be both military and scientific in 
character. The movement of troops was planned on a scale 
wholly beyond the requirements of the occasion, and it was 
at one time contemplated to send upward of a thousand men. 
Congress had been led to believe that the movement would 


ORGANIZATION OF THE EXPEDITION. 567 


actually result in a saving to the military establishment of 
upwards of forty thousand dollars a year, owing mainly to 
the diminished cost of subsistence in a country where game 
was so abundant and grazing free. Troops were moved 
from Plattsburg, Philadelphia, Detroit, and Bellefontaine 
near St. Louis. The military expedition was under com- 
mand of Colonel Henry Atkinson, and so far as he was 
unhampered in his operations he seems to have conducted it 
with the practical good sense for which that officer was 
distinguished. He adopted a device of his own for propel- 
ling keelboats, consisting of paddle wheels similar to those 
of a steamboat, but operated by the soldiers who were on 
board. This arrangement worked well enough to justify 
its adoption in an expedition conducted by General Atkinson 
to the mouth of the Yellowstone in 1825. The movement 
of the troops began in the fall of 1818 and a considerable 
detachment under Captain Martin passed the winter near 
the mouth of the Kansas river at a cantonment christened 
Camp Martin. The general advance took place in the fol- 
lowing spring. 


The scientific part of the expedition was under the direc- “ 


tion of Major Stephen H. Long, of the Corps of Engineers, 
U.S. A., an officer of high professional reputation. He was 
assisted by Major Biddle, who kept the journal; Dr. Bald- 
win, botanist; Dr. Say, zoologist ; Dr. Jessup, geologist ; Mr. 
Peale, assistant naturalist; Mr. Seymour, painter and 
sketcher, and Lieutenant Graham and Cadet Swift, topo- 
graphical assistants. The instructions of the Secretary of 
War to Major Long stated that “the object of the expedi- 
tion is to acquire as thorough and accurate knowledge, as 
may be practicable, of a portion of the country which is 
daily becoming more interesting, but which is yet imperfectly 
known. You will ascertain the latitude and longitude of 
remarkable points, with all possible precision. You will, if 
possible, ascertain some point in the 49th parallel of latitude 
which separates our possessions from those of Great Britain. 


568 ABSURD ARRANGEMENTS. 


A knowledge of the extent of our limits will tend to prevent 
collision between our traders and theirs. 

“You will enter in your journal everything interesting in 
relation to soil, face of country, water courses, and produc- 
tions, whether animal, vegetable, or mineral. 

“ You will conciliate the Indians by kindness and presents, 
and will ascertain as far as practicable the number and char- 
acter of the various tribes, with the extent of country claimed 
by each.” 

The instructions of President Jefferson to Captains Lewis 
and Clark were also cited for guidance. 

Such were the fond expectations in regard to this great 
undertaking and such the elaborate preparations for carry- 
ing it into effect. But the magnitude of the conception was 
in no wise sustained by the skill of its execution. The 
arrangement for the transportation of the troops disclosed 
a degree of folly, if nothing worse, which is a disgrace to 
the military history of the government. The conditions of 
travel up the Missouri were thoroughly understood at the 
time, and it was known that by the aid of keelboats the 
march to the mouth of the Yellowstone could be easily 
accomplished in a single season. Such was evidently Colo- 
nel Atkinson’s idea. But the officials in St. Louis having 
the matter of transportation in charge thought otherwise. 
So great an enterprise as the Yellowstone Expedition must 
be conducted with becoming state. No keelboat transpor- 
tation would answer. The steamboat, that new power on 
the Western rivers, was alone appropriate to the occasion. 
Although no steamboat had yet entered the Missouri river, 
and although a little practical reflection must have shown 
that some experience would be required to develop and over- 
come the difficulties of navigating that unruly stream, and 
that the first efforts must be largely failures, still the govern- 
ment decided to rely mainly upon steamboats. In putting 
into effect this plan it committed the always disastrous mis- 
take of trusting itself, bound hand and foot, to the tender 
mercies of acontractor. Of those connected with this expe- 


CONTRACTOR JAMES JOHNSON. 569 


dition, one Colonel James Johnson, contractor, emerges 
from its confused history with the glory of having accom- 
plished all and more than he expected. Without competi- 
tion he secured a contract, December 2, 1818, in which not 
only were the prices exorbitant, but some of them were left 
to future contingencies to be fixed by arbitration if agree- 
ment should fail between the principals. He was also to 
be allowed advances before services were performed, and 
that without adequate security to the government. Thus 
practically guaranteed against loss, the shrewd Colonel 
Johnson took little care to see that his equipment was of a 
character which should ensure a prompt fulfillment of the 
contract. He provided five steamboats, the Jefferson, Expe- 
dition, Johnson, Calhoun, and Exchange. ‘There is no rec- 
ord that the last two were able to enter the Missouri at all. 
The Jefferson gave out and abandoned the trip thirty miles 
below Franklin. The Expedition and Johnson wintered 
at Cow Island, a little above the mouth of the Kansas, and 
returned to St. Louis in the following spring. In his entire 
arrangements Colonel Johnson failed to come up to the 
contract, and the expedition was thereby hopelessly delayed 
and its main purpose thwarted. In the disagreements that 
subsequently arose arbitrators had to be called in, and these 
sided with the contractor, allowing him over forty thousand 
dollars for loss occasioned by the very delays for which he 
alone was responsible. The matter was so scandalous that 
it led to an investigation by a committee of Congress, who 
reported against the justice and legality of the award, and 
recommended the institution of legal proceedings to recover 
the amount wrongfully paid.® 

The expedition had not proceeded far before it became 
evident that its management was hopelessly weak and that 


*“ The estimated cost for transportation in this favorite project, as 
reported to Congress at the last session, was $162,994. The sum 
claimed by Colonel Johnson, and, he [the speaker] was told, actual 
paid, is $256,818.15.” Speech of Mr. Cocke of Tennessee in H. R., Dec. 
I, 1820. 


570 FORECAST (OF » FAILURE. 


it must fall far short of its original purpose.* The whole 
summer was spent on the lower river and it was September 
26th before the troops reached Council Bluffs. All thought 
of going farther was abandoned for the time. A camp was 
established called Camp Missouri, and here the troops re- 
mained for the winter. It proved to be one of the most 
disastrous winter encampments in the history of the army. 
The troops suffered terribly from the scurvy. Over three 
hundred were attacked and of these about one hundred died. 
The disease prevailed to some extent all winter, and by 
spring the situation had become “truly deplorable.” As 
soon as it was possible to navigate the river, many of the 
sick were sent to Fort Osage. 

The steamboat craze on this expedition was not confined 
to the military portion, but extended to the scientific adjunct 
as well. For the use of Major Long’s party a special boat 
was constructed which appears in every way to have been a 
decided novelty. It was called the Western Engineer, and 
was probably the first stern-wheel steamboat ever built. It 
was launched in Pittsburg in the winter of 1818-19. The 
only description of this craft which has come to our notice is 
the following from the Missourt Gazette of May 26, 18109, 
and a letter written about a month later: “ The Western 
Engineer is well armed and carries an elegant flag represent- 
ing a white man and an Indian shaking hands, the calumet 
of peace and the sword. The boat is 75 feet long, 13 feet 
beam and draws Ig inches of water. The steam passes off 


*“Our great Yellowstone Expedition, about which you have seen 
so much in the papers, has not yet got above this place, except a detach- 
ment of 260 men which passed here last fall, and are now about 80 
miles above waiting for the rest. Five or six hundred are expected 
here every day. When they arrive this fort will be broke up and I 
shall be left here pretty much alone. The expedition is very badly 
managed, and will, I fear, fall very far short of the public expectations. 
The steamboats expected to accompany it are not found to answer very 
well, and will very probably be abandoned. There is no doubt that 
the Missouri can be easily navigated by steamboats, but they must be 
of peculiar construction, and have greater power than those used else- 
where.” Letter from G. C. Sibley, July 10, 1819. Fort Osage. 


THE WESTERN ENGINEER. 571 


through the mouth of a large figure-head (a serpent). 

The wheels are placed in the stern.’’ Omitting the absurd 
attempts at ornamentation, the boat was as much of a suc- 
cess as could have been expected at that early stage of 
steamboat experience. It was far better adapted to the navi- 
gation of the Missouri than were any of Colonel Johnson’s 
boats, and although it did not leave St. Louis until some time 
after the rest of the expedition had gone, it passed them all 
before they reached the mouth of the Kansas, and was the 
only boat that went through to Council Bluffs. 

How this unusual craft impressed the popular eye may 
be inferred from the following extract from a letter dated 
St. Louis June 19, 1819, ten days after its arrival at that 
city: “The bow of this vessel exhibits the form of a 
huge serpent, black and scaly, rising out of the water from 
under the boat, his head as high as the deck, darted forward, 
his mouth open, vomiting smoke, and apparently carrying 
the boat on his back. From under the boat at its stern is- 
sues a stream of foaming water, dashing violently along. 
All the machinery is hid. Three small brass field pieces 
mounted on wheel carriages stand on the deck. The boat is 
ascending the rapid stream at the rate of three miles an 
hour. Neither wind nor human hands are seen to help her, 
and, to the eye of ignorance, the illusion is complete, that 
a monster of the deep carries her on his back, smoking with 
fatigue, and lashing the waves with violent exertion. Her 
equipments are at once calculated to attract and to awe the 
savages. Objects pleasing and terrifying are at once placed 
before him — artillery, the flag of the Republic, portraits of 
the white man and the Indian shaking hands, the calumet of 
peace, a sword, then the apparent monster with a painted 
vessel on his back, the sides gaping with portholes and 
bristling with guns. Taken altogether, and without intelli- 
gence of her composition and design, it would require a dar- 
ing savage to approach and accost her with Hamlet’s speech: 
‘Be thou a spirit of health or goblin damned, etc.’ ”’ 

The Western Engineer left St. Louis on the 9th of June, 


572 THE SCIENTIFIC EXPEDITION. 


1819, and proceeded by very leisurely stages up the Mis- 
souri.° The little boat seems to have done very well and to 
have experienced but few breakages of machinery. There 
were no incidents of special importance en route. At St. 
Charles four of the party left the boat for the purpose of 
exploring the country along shore, but the experience was 
too rough for them and they were fain to seek the comforts 
of the boat before a week had passed. At Franklin a stop 
of a week was made. The people of this frontier town 
fairly outdid themselves in their extravagant celebrations, on © 
the occasion of the visits of Colonel Atkinson and Major 
Long. Banquets were had and toasts proposed on a scale 
that would have done honor to the Capital or metropolis 
of the country. The record of these elaborate ceremontals 
may still be read in the files of the newspaper published in 
Franklin at the time. 

Major Long was unfortunate in losing one of his party at 
Franklin. Dr. Baldwin who was in very ill health was 
left here and died on the 31st of August following. On 
the 19th of July four of the party left Franklin to go by 
land to Fort Osage and the boat left the next day. Fort 
Osage was reached on the Ist of August. On the 6th most 
of the party set out from this place by land with the 
intention of visiting the Kansas and Pawnee Indians and 
rejoining the expedition near Council Bluffs. The boat left 
Fort Osage on the roth, and on the 18th arrived at Isle a 
la Vache, a few miles above the present site of Leavenworth, 
where Captain Martin had wintered with three companies 
of troops, expecting to proceed up the river early in the 
spring. 

A delay of a week was made at Camp Martin for the pur- 
pose of treating with the Kansas Indians. The Western 
Engineer resumed her trip on the 25th of August, being ac- 
companied by fifteen soldiers under a Lieutenant Field in the 


°The following is an extract from the log of the Western Engineer: 
“ Average running time five hours per day. Average leisure time for 
examining the country ten hours per day.” 


ARRIVAL AT COUNCIL BLUFFS. 573 


keelboat General Smith. Four days after their departure 
the land party, who were to have gone on to Council Bluffs, 
arrived at Isle a la Vache for the purpose of again availing 
themselves of the comforts of the boat. They had been 
pretty roughly handled by a small party of Pawnees and 
were satisfied with their taste of frontier experience. Two 
of them, Messrs. Say and Jessup, were quite ill. Finding 
the boat gone, the party, except the two sick men, set out 
by forced marches, and overhauled her on the 1st of Septem- 
ber. No other incident of moment occurred until the 17th 
of September when the boat arrived at Fort Lisa, where it 
was received by the inmates of the fort with a salute of 
ordnance and a hospitable welcome. Although yet scarcely 
halfway to the mouth of the Yellowstone, the great objec- 
tive point of the expedition, it was decided to go into win- 
ter quarters here. Major Long remained only two weeks 
when he set out for Washington. 

The site of the camp for the scientific party was located 
“half a mile above Fort Lisa, five miles below Council 
Bluffs, and three miles above the mouth of the Boyer river.” 
The place was christened the Engineer Cantonment. 

The winter passed away pleasantly enough with the scien- 
tific party. They improved their time in securing informa- 
tion concerning the neighboring tribes and particularly the 
Omahas. They made a few short excursions into the sur- 
rounding country, obtained the latitude and longitude of 
their cantonment, and made some investigation into the 
geology and natural history of the Missouri valley. 

The records of the expedition show that there were con- 
tinuous and friendly relations subsisting between the mili- 
tary and the members of the Missouri Fur Company. Hos- 
pitalities were given and received. Manuel Lisa invited 
the officers to dinner at his house and the officers reciprocat- 
ed in kind, and thus began that hospitable intercourse be- 
tween the citizens of this locality and the officers of the 
army which has continued until the present day. There 
were two ladies present, one of them the wife of Lisa and 


574 FAILURE OF EXPEDITION. 


daughter of Stephen Hempstead of St. Louis. The name 
of the other 1s not known, but these two women are pre- 
sumed to be the first who had ascended the Missouri as far 
as to the present site of Omaha. 

It must be apparent from the account just given of the 
operations of 1819 that the Yellowstone Expedition thus 
far had been an unqualified failure if not a huge fiasco. ‘The 
whole enterprise had been smothered in elaboration of meth- 
od. Although the troops could with ease have marched 
three times as far as the boats carried them, it was con- 
sidered necessary to transport them in a manner becoming 
the dignity of so vast an enterprise. As a result it took an 
entire season to reach a point which ought to have been 
reached in two months at most, and the troops passed a 
frightful winter in a deadly situation when they might have 
been encamped in the salubrious country at the mouth of 
the Yellowstone. 

The same spirit of absurd extravagance pervaded the 
scientific branch of the enterprise. If Major Long had been 
content with a sensible field equipment transported on pack 
mules, or on a keelboat while along the Missouri, he could 
have kept his party in the field for five years, and have ex- 
plored the entire region east of the mountains, for less money 
than his actual operations cost in the year 1819 alone. 

The insignificant results of the first season’s work and the 
scandal growing out of the transportation contract, dis- 
gusted Congress with the whole enterprise and that body 
declined to appropriate any further funds for it. The pref- 
ace of Dr. James’ report of the expedition says that the 
“state of the national finances during the year 1820 having 
called for retrenchments in all expenditures of a public na- 
ture — the means necessary for the further prosecution of 
the objects of the expedition were accordingly withheld.” 
It is very well to have a plausible explanation for a great 
and mortifying failure, but the historian will not let the 
managers of this enterprise off so easily. 

The Yellowstone Expedition was thus cut off before it 


LONG’S EXPEDITION. 575 


was half completed, and as a half-hearted apology to the 
public for its failure, a small side show was organized 
for the season of 1820 in the form of an expedition to the 
Rocky mountains. It was placed under charge of Major 
Long, who returned to the Engineer Cantonment on the 28th 
of May of that year. The extent to which the great 
enterprise of the previous year had forfeited public confi- 
dence may be inferred from the niggardly assistance which 
the government lent to the present expedition. The party 
of Major Long consisted, beside himself, of Captain John 
R. Bell, Lieutenant W. H. Swift, Thomas Say, Edwin 
James, i.) Kk) Peale, Samuel’ Seymour, H. Dougherty, D. 
Adams, three engagés, one corporal and six private sol- 
diers. Of the horses and mules required for the party 
the government furnished only six, while the members of the 
party furnished the remaining sixteen. The stock of mer- 
chandise wherewith to treat with the Indians was ridiculous- 
ly small, and the whole equipment was justly styled by Dr. 
James a “ very inadequate outfit.” 

The immediate object in view on this expedition was to 
go “to the source of the River Platte and thence by way of 
the Arkansas and Red rivers to the Mississippi.”” The ex- 
 pedition left winter quarters on the Missouri June 6, and 
arrived, with no occurrence worth mentioning, at the Paw- 
nee villages on the Loup fork of the Platte, June 11. To 
what degree the size and equipment of this expedition were 
calculated to command the respect of the Indians may be 
seen in the fact that the chiefs of the Grand Pawnees not 
only did not welcome the visitors to their camp, but, when 
invited to appear before the party, declined on the ground 
that they were otherwise engaged. Nothing was accom- 
plished here beyond an abortive attempt to introduce the 
process of vaccination among the tribe. 

The party left the Loup villages June 13th and the follow- 
ing day reached the Platte about at the present site of 
Grand Island, Nebraska. Their progress up this river was 
devoid of incident. They ascended the north bank to the 


576 AT THE BASE OF THE MOUNTAINS. 


forks of the Platte, both of which they crossed just above 
the junction, and then ascended the south bank of the South 
Fork. On the 30th of June they saw the mountains, and 
the peak which first attracted their attention now bears the 
name of Major Long. When they first saw it they thought 
it to be Pike’s Peak. On the 5th of July they were en- 
camped within or near the present limits of the city of Den- 
ver, and the next day they halted about noon at the point 
where the South Platte emerges from the mountains. Here 
the party encamped for the purpose of following the stream 
into the mountains. The 7th of July was spent in this 
work, but the small detachment who undertook it got into 
the foothills only five or six miles, far enough, however, 
so that some of them saw the junction of the two forks of the 
South Platte. Finding mountain climbing a pretty ex- 
hausting business they returned to camp. Thus terminated 
that part of the official instructions directing an exploration 
of the Platte to its source, and the famous Bayou Salade, or 
South Park, from which the river flows, remained unknown, 
except to the hunter, for more than twenty years thereafter. 

On the oth of July the party resumed its journey and 
on the 12th encamped on Fountain creek about twenty-five 
miles from the summit of Pike’s Peak. Here some definite 
results were accomplished in the ascent of Pike’s Peak and 
the measurement of its altitude. Dr. James with two men 
made the ascent, arriving at the summit at 4 P. M. on the 
14th, and were presumably the first white men to perform 
that now popular feat. They remained only an hour, made 
part of the descent that night, and reached camp after dark 
onthe 15th. Lieutenant Swift, in the meanwhile, had meas- 
ured the height of the peak by a system of horizontal and 
vertical triangles, and had found its altitude above the plain 
where the measurement was made to be 8,507 feet. Major 
Long erroneously estimated the elevation of the plain at 
only 3,000 feet above sea level. His estimate was arrived 
at from assumed slopes of the Mississippi, Missouri and 
Platte rivers, and was naturally liable to great error. The 


DIVISION OF PARTY. 577 


actual elevation of the plain, where the measurement of the 
altitude of the peak was made, is probably about 5,700 feet, 
which would give 14,200 feet as the altitude of the peak, 
as against Long’s recorded estimate of 11,507 feet. The 
trigonometric work seems therefore to have been very ac- 
curate. 

The party resumed its march on the 16th and arrived 
that day at the Arkansas near the mouth of Turkey creek. 
Here another excursion was made to the mountains, very 
much like that on the Platte. Captain Bell and Dr. James 
ascended the river one day’s march to the cafion of the 
Arkansas and returned next day to camp. Although it 
was yet only the middle of July, no further attempt was 
made to explore the source of either of these rivers, and on 
the morning of the 12th the party took up its march for 
the settlements. It arrived in the vicinity of the present 
town of La Junta, Colorado, on the 21st and spent the next 
two days in arranging a division of the party and plans 
for the homeward journey. It was decided that Captain 
Bell, Lieutenant Swift, three Frenchmen and five soldiers, 
with most of the horses and baggage, should descend the 
Arkansas, while Major Long, Dr. James, Mr. Peale, and 
seven men should proceed to the sources of the Red river 
and follow that stream to the settlements. A rendezvous 
was appointed at Fort Smith on the Arkansas. Both parties 
took up their respective journeys on the 24th of July, 1820. 

There is almost nothing in these two journeys that need 
detain us. Captain Bell’s party encountered several small 
bands of Indians, but had no trouble of moment with any 
ofthem. On the 7th of August, two days before arriving at 
the Great Bend of the Arkansas, two French interpreters 
who had been hired at the Pawnee villages, terminated their 
engagements and set out alone to return. These men had 
given very satisfactory service. On the night of August 
30th Captain Bell’s party suffered a genuine catastrophe in 
the loss of much of their camp property, including nearly 
all the notes and records of the expedition. They were sto- 


—— 


578 ROUTE OF MAJOR LONG. 


len by three men who deserted that night. Captain Bell ar- 
rived at Fort Smith on the 9th of September after a march 
in which the greatest cause of suffering was the excessive 
heat. 

Major Long’s party took a course slightly east of south 
until they reached the valley of Purgatory creek, probably a 
little below Bent’s Cafion. They ascended a fork of this 
stream which joined the main stream from the east a little 
above the cafion and made their way to the high land 
at the head of the stream. Continuing south across several 
of the sources of the Cimarron, they at length came to 
a valley which, from its general direction and appearance, 
they believed to be tributary to Red river, and they resolved 
to follow it. This was July 30th. Their course for the 
next four days was southeast down the valley of this stream, 
until they came to its junction with the main Canadian, 
which they supposed to be the Red river. 

The route from the time the party left the South Platte 
until they arrived at the Canadian is extremely difficult to 
follow except along the Arkansas. It would be scarcely 
possible to find in any narrative of Western history so care- 
less an itinerary, and in a scientific report like that of Dr. 
James it is quite inexcusable. Those who care to follow the 
route may do so, by aid of the foot note below, where it 
has been worked out as fully as the deficient record will per- 
mit. 

From the camp of August 4th on the Canadian the 
party descended that stream without any remarkable ex- 
perience except considerable suffering from heat and lack 
of food. On the 1oth of September they arrived at the 
Arkansas and found for the first time that they had been 
following the Canadian Fork of that stream and had not 
been on the Red river at all. On the 13th of September the 
party arrived at Fort Smith. 

September 21st the re-united party left Fort Smith for 
Cape Girardeau. A portion of their number visited the 
noted hot springs of the Washita on the way, and all finally 


int —_ 
LL — 


ITINERARY OF LONG'S ROUTE. 579 


assembled at Cape Girardeau on the 12th of October. Ma- 
jor Long set out at once for St. Louis on the Western En- 
gineer, which had arrived a few days before.® 


° ITINERARY OF MAJOR LONG'S ROUTE BETWEEN JULY QTH ON THE SOUTH 
PLATTE AND AUGUST 4TH ON THE CANADIAN. 


July 7th and 8th the party were encamped in the valley of the South 
Platte near where Wheatland, Colorado, now stands. 

July 9—The party set out on their journey, first ascending to its 
source a small tributary of the Platte, and then crossing the dividing 
ridge into the valley of Defile [Plum?] creek. This stream they 
“ascended to the place where its principal branch descends from the 
mountains,” and there encamped. “In the evening a favorable oppor- 
tunity, the first for several days, presented, and observations for lati- 
tude were taken.” The table of latitudes and longitudes in the 
Appendix to Dr. James’ book gives the 8th as the day when the 
observations were taken and the place as the “ Camp at the base of the 
Rocky Mountains.” The latitude was computed as 39 degrees 23 
minutes 40 seconds, which corresponds more nearly with the probable 
location of the first camp after leaving the Platte. These considerations 
indicate that the record may have slipped a day at this point. 

July 10—This day’s journey is wholly indefinite. The most that can 
be made of the description is that the main party ascended Plum or 
Defile creek for a distance, and then crossed a sandstone ridge about 
1,000 feet high to another stream, the valley of which was about a mile 
wide. From the top of the ridge the bearing of Pike’s Peak was S. 
So degrees W. 

July 11.—The record of this day is equally unsatisfactory, but the 
course was probably southeast in the direction of the valley of Squirrel 
creek. The party, with amazing innocence-oftheir whereabouts, kept 
on, and “towards evening our guide discovered that we had already 
passed considerably beyond the base of the Peak, near which it had 
been our intention to halt.”’ Having performed the remarkable feat 
of passing the base of Pike’s Peak without knowing it, the party 
“thought it advisable to encamp for the night.” Where their camp 
was is largely a matter of conjecture, but from the course on the fol- 
lowing day, and the place where the party then went into camp, we 
think that it was probably about 20 miles east-southeast of the present 
site of Colorado Springs. 

July 12——The party retraced their route of the 11th for a distance 
and then crossed a ridge and descended into the valley of the Fontaine 
qui Bouit [now Fountain] creek, at a point about 25 miles from the 
Peak. They arrived here not later than noon. This camp seems to 
have been at least 15 miles, and perhaps more, from Manitou Springs, 


580 ITINERARY CONTINUED. 


In reviewing this expedition and comparing its actual re- 
sults with what it proposed and what the public expected, 
the impression left is one of disappointment. In scarcely 
any respect did it accomplish its purpose. In the movement 
up the Missouri the point reached was but little more than 
one-third of the distance to the mouth of the Yellowstone, 
the intended destination. The whole purpose of carrying 
the power of the United States to these remote regions and 
of rendering American trade secure there, fell to the ground. 


and was therefore probably a few miles above the present site of 
Fountain, Colorado. 

July 13—In the morning Dr. James, Lieut. Swift, and five men set 
out before sunrise up the valley of Fountain creek. Lieutenant Swift 
was to find a suitable base from which to measure the altitude of the 
Peak, and Dr. James with two men was to ascend the Peak. 

July 14-15——These days were consumed in ascent of Pike’s Peak and 
in measuring its altitude. Dr. James reached the summit of the 
Peak about 4 P. M. of the 14th; remained there one hour; pursued 
his way back until dark; reached Manitou Springs about noon of the 
15th; and the main camp a little after dark on the same day. Lieuten- 
ant Swift finished his measurements on the 14th. The altitude of the 
Peak was found to be 8,507 feet above the plain where the measure- 
ments were made. 

July 16.—The party set out for the Arkansas. They move “in a 
southwestern direction” for 28 miles, which they accomplish in ten 
hours without dismounting. The soil along the line of march was of 
“incurable barrenness,’ and the scenery “dreary and disgusting.” 
The first camp on the Arkansas is not described at all, but from the 
course and distance of the day’s march and those of the following 
days we think the position was about 12 to 15 miles above the present 
site of Pueblo. The party searched for Pike’s old redoubt, but of 
course did not find it where they were. When they descended the 
Arkansas it was along the north shore and they did not pass by the 
position at all. 

July 17-18.—Captain Bell and Dr. James made an ascent of the 
Arkansas to the cafion just above the present site of Canon City. 
They called the distance 30 miles. They returned on the following 
day. Latitude of camp 38 degrees 18 minutes 19 seconds. Longitude 
105 degrees 39 minutes 45 seconds. 

July 19—The party started down the Arkansas along the left bank. 
They must have crossed Fountain creek about noon, but they made 
no mention of it. They passed the mouth of the St. Charles from 


ITINERARY CONTINUED. 581 


The cherished idea that the expedition might open the way 
to a resumption of the lost business on the Columbia received 
not the slightest encouragement. 

The net result of the military expedition was to establish 
a post near the present siteof Omaha. The position was oc- 
cupied but a few years when the garrison was withdrawn 
to the new Fort Leavenworth near the mouth of the Kan- 
sas river. Except as to those Indians who visited Fort Lisa 
or who lived in that vicinity, no intercourse of importance 


the south in the afternoon. Traveled 25 miles, latitude of camp 38 
degrees 14 minutes 18 seconds. 

July 20—The party set out at 5 A. M. and “soon afterwards” 
_ passed the mouth of the Huerfano from the south. Made 26 miles. 

July 21—Set out at 5 A. M. Having traveled about 6 miles they 
met an Indian and his squaw who conducted them down to the ford 
of the Arkansas, where they arrived about 10 A. M. 

July 22-23—These days were spent in preparation for the home- 
ward march. The party was divided. Captain Bell, Lieutenant Swift, 
three Frenchmen and five soldiers, with most of the horses and bag- 
gage, were to descend the Arkansas. Major Long, Dr. James, Mr. 
Peale and seven men were to descend the Red river. 

July 24—Major Long’s party crossed the Arkansas and set off “a 
little to the east of south nearly at right angles to the Arkansas.” 
Distance 27 miles. The valley of “a considerable stream” [Las 
Animas or Purgatory] is visible “eight or ten miles” to the south- 
east. 

July 25—Major Long’s party strike the Purgatory a little below 
Bent’s Cafion, although they thought they were only on a tributary. 
A little after noon they began ascending a small tributary from the 
east. This is presumably Chaquaqua creek. The party progressed 
with great difficulty, making only 15 miles. 

July 26.—Major Long’s party continue up stream, the real distance 
being estimated at 15 miles, eliminating windings. Halted at 4 P. M. 
at head of stream. 

July 27—Major Long’s party proceed under great difficulties and at 
length emerge from the valley of the stream which they had been 
ascending. After reaching the open plain they make some observations. 
“James [Pike’s] Peak bore N. 71 degrees W.; and the West Spanish 
Peak S. 87 degrees W.; magnetic variation 13% degrees east.” Halted 
at 5 P. M., “having traveled about 10 miles nearly due south from the 
point where we had left the valley of the creek.” Total distance for the 
day could not have been over 15 miles. 

July 28.—Major Long’s route was “south” and “a little east of 


582 ITINERARY CONCLUDED. 


was had with any of the tribes and the influence of the 
expedition upon the Indian question was very small. It 
should be said, however, that the position near Council 
Bluffs became the base of operations against the Aricaras in 
1823 and of the expedition to the Yellowstone under Atkin- 
son and O’Fallon in 1825. | 
The expedition of 1820, which was the insignificant finale 
of the great enterprise, was scarcely more satisfactory than 
the other operations had been. The party was wretchedly 
equipped, and as a consequence kept almost continuously 


south.” The party cross several extensive valleys, the upper courses 
of the Cimarron, and finally descend into a valley, where they find run- 
ning water, and encamp there. No distance is given. Probably about 
20 miles. 

July 29—Major Long’s party leave the valley of the creek where 
they were, and keep on to the south and possibly a little east of south. 
They encounter a severe storm from the northeast, and the horses 
refuse to move except with the wind, “so that rather than suffer 
ourselves to be carried from our course,” they await the subsidence of 
the storm. No distance stated—say 20 miles. 

July 30—Major Long’s party cross a wide plain and descend into 
the valley of a creek about noon. This they resolve to follow as one 
of the probable sources of Red river, and therefore decide to abandon 
their further “journey to the southwest.” No distance given—say 
20 miles. This stream has received the name of Major Long’s creek. 

July 31—Major Long’s party continue down the valley in which 
they encamped the night before. No distance given—say 20 miles. 
Camp at the mouth of a tributary from the east, probably Leon creek. 

August 1.—Major Long’s party remain in camp all day. 

August 2.—Major Long’s party continue down the valley, S. 80 
degrees E. Distance about 25 miles. 

August 3—Major Long’s party continue down the valley. No dis- 
tance stated—say 20 miles. 

August 4.—Major Long’s party continue down the valley, making 
16 miles before noon. “General direction . . .. still toward the 
southeast.” The stream was believed to be “one of the most consid- 
erable of the upper tributaries of the Red river.” Confirming this 
opinion was the presence of a large Indian trail, of some twenty paths, 
which here entered the valley from the west and passed down the left 
bank. The distance traveled this day may have been 28 miles. The 
point where the great trail came in was undoubtedly at the junction of 
Long creek with the main Canadian and the trail led directly from 
the Mexican settlements. 


ESTIMATE OF RESULTS. 583 


on the move in order to avoid starvation until they could 
get back to the settlements, and they spent at the most but 
five or six days in exploration of the mountains. The only 
permanent addition which they made to geographical knowl- 
edge was in discovering the great western extent of the 
Canadian river. This stream, which takes its rise near 
the mountains east of Santa Fe and flows east, had hereto- 
fore been supposed to be the head of Red river. Major 
Long’s expedition showed this not to be the case. He did 
not, however, descend the main stream in the vicinity of the 
mountains, but a branch farther east, that formed a junction 
with the main stream more than a hundred miles from its 
source; but he saw enough to show that all of the watershed 
in that section was tributary to the Canadian. 

The ascent of Pike’s Peak by Dr. James and his com- 
panion is supposed to have been the first performance of 
that feat; and Lieutenant Swift’s very excellent measure- 
ment of its altitude above the plain where his observations 
were made is likewise the first attempt in that line. His 
determination has been but slightly modified by later more 
accurate measurements. Major Long named the peak 
James Peak, but posterity has decreed that the name of its 
discoverer shall stand. 

Captain Bell’s expedition down the Arkansas, so far as 
it has been given us, is almost of no geographical conse- 
quence. So important a tributary as the Cimarron he 
missed entirely, and identified the small stream Squaw 
creek, as that river. He made other similar errors, although 
traveling in a country which even then was no longer un- 
known. 

Major Long’s description of the country, which appears 
as an appendix to Dr. James’ work, is on the whole an 
accurate one. His astronomical determinations of latitude 
were correct within an error of five or six miles; his longi- 
tudes were too great by from thirty to fifty miles. 

By some consideration which had weight in the earlier 
history of our government the results of this expedition 


584 REPORT OF EXPEDITION. 


were not published as an official report under the authorship 
of its leader. Major Long did not write the narrative of 
his own travels. The work was published under a private 
copyright by Dr. Edwin James, with an elaborate dedica- 
tory to the Secretary of War which reminds one of the 
obsequious grovelings to royalty so characteristic of early 
English writers. The report is interesting and valuable. 
Its accounts of the Indian tribes and of the native fauna 
are among the best which we possess. Many incidents of 
historic importance have also been preserved. 

To the public, however, the work was a disappointment. 
They had looked to it for information relating to the great 
questions of Western progress then agitating men’s minds. 
It was not a geological survey report that they wanted, but 
a comprehensive view of the country from a practical stand- 
point. Long disquisitions upon the evidence found in the 
mounds about St. Louis, tending to show that our Indian 
races were of Asiatic origin, might be very interesting to 
the cause of science, but they did not satisfy the public who 
were seeking the wealth of the Rocky mountains and a route 
to the distant Pacific. The report, in short, was not fitted to 
its purpose; it belonged to the scientific explorations of later 
times. 

Nothing is clearer than that the managers of this enter- 
prise utterly failed to grasp the spirit of its conception; and, 
as if this were not bad enough, Major Long added in his 
report the strongest possible negation to the hope that 
good could ever flow from such a country. Read the sum- 
mary of his views upon that region which has honored 
his name by fixing it upon those magnificent mountains, 
and has given the world an accession of wealth such as the 
followers of Cortez never dreamed of: “In regard to this 
extensive section of country, we do not hesitate in giving 
the opinion, that it is almost wholly unfit for cultivation, 
and of course uninhabitable by a people depending upon ag- 
riculture for their subsistence. Although tracts of fertile 
land, considerably extensive, are occasionally to be met with, 


AN ESSAY IN PROPHECY. 585 


yet the scarcity of wood and water, almost uniformly prev- 
alent, will prove an insuperable obstacle in the way of set- 
tling the country. This objection rests not only against 
the immediate section under consideration, but applies with 
equal propriety to a much larger portion of the country. 
Agreeably to the best intelligence that can be had, concern- 
ing the country northward and southward of the section, 
and especially to the references deducible from the account 
given by Lewis and Clark, of the country situated between 
the Missouri and the Rocky mountains, above the river 
Platte, the vast region commencing near the sources of the 
Sabine, Trinity, Brazos, and Colorado, and extending north- 
wardly to the forty-ninth degree of north latitude, by which 
the United States territory is limited in that direction, is 
throughout, of a similar character. The whole of this re- 
gion seems peculiarly adapted as a range for buffaloes, wild 
goats, and other wild game, incalculable multitudes of which 
find ample pasturage and subsistence upon it. 

“This region, however, viewed as a frontier, may prove of 
infinite importance to the United States, inasmuch as it is 
calculated to serve as a barrier to prevent too great an 
extension of our population westward, and secure us against 
_ the machinations or incursions of an enemy that might oth- 
erwise be disposed to annoy us in that quarter.”’ 

Here is an essay in prophecy that would have done credit 
to that great man, Daniel Webster, who could with difficulty 
see anything of national greatness beyond the Mississippi. 
Did Major Long perceive no inconsistency in declaring with 
one breath that the country he had traversed was “ uninhab- 
itable by a people depending upon agriculture for their sub- 
sistence”’ and in the next that ‘‘ incalculable multitudes ” of 
grazing animals could “ find ample pasturage and subsist- 
ence upon it”? And he did not confine his views to the 
region that fell under his immediate observation, but ap- 
plied them to the entire sweep of country from the Spanish 
to the British possessions and westward from the meridian 
of Council Bluffs to and beyond the mountains — a country 


586 UNDUE EXPANSION OF OUR POPULATION. 


where now are several large cities, towns and villages with- 
out number, and a population of more than six million peo- 
ple. In that section which he traversed at the base of the 
Rocky mountains where he said “the scarcity of wood and 
water ’’ would “ prove an insuperable obstacle in the way 
of settling the country” is now to be found some of the 
best agricultural land in the United States from which 
products are annually exported to distant parts of the coun- 
try. : 

It is hard for us to comprehend today how an officer of 
such signal ability and long experience should have seen 
in this country nothing better than a fortunate frontier “ cal- 
culated to serve as a barrier to prevent too great an extension 
of our population westward, and to secure us against the 
machinations or incursions of an enemy that might other- 
wise be disposed to annoy us in that quarter.’ It is true 
that at that time there had been cause enough to apprehend 
annoyance from our traditional enemy in the southwest, 
and Major Long is certainly not to be criticised for not fore- 
seeing the expulsion of that enemy from the greater part 
of the territory west of our own; but his fear of undue 
expansion of our population was no more justifiable than 
have been, and are still, the phantom fears of certain 
minds at every effort of their country to put off the vest- 
ments of infancy for the more appropriate clothing of ma- 
turer years. 

And so it resulted that Major Long’s report proved a 
veritable stumbling-block in-the way of a just appreciation 
of the importance of our Western interests. Whenever any 
measure was urged in Congress looking to the more imme- 
diate occupation of that country, this report was a sufficient 
answer. Why waste the public treasure in establishing pos- 
session of a region which could never become the abode of 
civilized man? Here was an official government report, 
prepared by an able officer sent for the express purpose of 
spying out the land. Surely the statements of irresponsible 
adventurers and uninformed enthusiasts were not to stand 


THE PEOPLE DO NOT LOSE FAITH. 587 


against it? It thus became one of the most powerful wea- 
pons which men of the Webster type made use of whenever 
they felt called upon to resist “too great an extension of 
our population westward.” 

Thus the people of the West, who had hoped from this 
expedition to enlist government aid in the reclamation of a 
remote region, found themselves in a worse plight than 
before. Instead of the government becoming enthused with 
their own faith, its doubts were strengthened. But the peo- 
ple themselves did not lose faith. They continued to pene- 
trate farther and ever farther — even to the shores of the 
Pacific — through the unknown places of that illimitable 
country. Government was finally compelled to follow where 
it had refused to lead, and within another generation it was 
glad enough to be the fortunate possessor of those very re- 
gions which were at this time not considered worth having. 


Ch Are Ral it: 


THE ARICARA CAMPAIGN OF 1823. 


Col. Leavenworth organizes an expedition against the Aricaras — 
Joshua Pilcher made sub-Indian agent — Loss of a keelboat — Organi- 
zation of troops and allies at Fort Recovery — March resumed — 
Strength of opposing forces — Beginning of the attack — Result of first 
day’s fight — Second day’s operations — Disaffection among the Sioux— 
Charge abandoned — Results of second day’s fight — Attempts to treat 
with the Indians— Pilcher’s disapproval— Third day’s operations — 
Treaty of Peace— Pilcher and Vanderburgh refuse to participate — 
Failure of Aricaras to comply with treaty — Charge contemplated but 
abandoned — Aricaras abandon their village— Attempts to get them 
back — Expedition starts down the river — Losses of the campaign — 
Successful operation until villages are reached — Vacillating conduct 
before the villages — Effect upon the Aricaras — Colonel Leavenworth’s 
motives — Quarrel between Leavenworth and Pilcher. 


qs important campaign was the first ever conducted 

by the Army against the Indians west of the Missis- 
sippi and it was the precursor of that long series of opera- 
tions in which so many American soldiers lost their lives and 
which culminated only a decade since in the conquest of the 
West. The campaign, therefore, deserves something more 
than a passing notice. 

It will be remembered that General Ashley, after his dis- 
aster before the Aricara villages, June 2, 1823, dropped 
down the river to a safe distance, threw up a defensive work 
on an island, dispatched J. S. Smith to notify Henry on the 
Yellowstone, and sent a message to Benjamin O’Fallon, 
Indian agent near the old Council Bluffs, detailing his mis- 
fortune. Colonel Henry Leavenworth, in command of the 
troops at that point, acted with commendable promptness. 
The message was shown to him on the 18th of June and 


PREPARATIONS FOR THE CAMPAIGN. 589 


he at once decided to march against the Aricaras without 
waiting to communicate with the Department at St. Louis. 
The necessary preparations were made as rapidly as possible, 
and on the 22nd the troops set out, partly by boat and 
partly on foot, Colonel Leavenworth commanding in person. 
The force amounted to two hundred and twenty men and 
comprised six companies of the 6th U. S. Infantry. They 
carried two six-pounder cannons and several small swivels. 
The supplies were transported in three keelboats. 

Joshua Pilcher, president of the Missouri Fur Company, 
who had just suffered an even greater disaster than that of 
Ashley in the destruction of his party under Immel and 
Jones on the Yellowstone, was eager to lend such assistance 
as he could inthe campaign. He was at old Fort Lisa at the 
time, and was made special sub-agent for the Sioux tribes 
by O’Fallon during the operations against the Indians. He 
equipped two boats, took on a 5% inch howitzer from Fort 
Atkinson, and overtook Colonel Leavenworth on the 27th. 
Pilcher was of much assistance to Leavenworth, who repeat- 
edly acknowledges his indebtedness to him. 

The expedition proceeded continuously although slowly 
on account of the difficulties of river navigation. On the 
3rd of July a distressing accident occurred in the wrecking 
of Lieutenant Wickliffe’s boat and the loss of Sergeant 
Stackpole, a brave and experienced veteran of the War of 
1812, with six privates, seventy muskets, and a large quan- 
tity of supplies. This misfortune caused greater loss than 
all the rest of the campaign. 

Ashley was on his way down the river from the point 
where he had left his men when he heard of the approach 
of the United States troops. He immediately turned about 
and made haste to his camp, one hundred and twenty miles 
above, where he made preparations to join Leavenworth with 
his entire party. Henry, who had arrived from the Yellow- 
stone some time before, augmented Ashley’s force to about 
eighty men. The entire party seem to have then gone down 
to meet Leavenworth. Pilcher also had hastened on in ad- 


590 ORGANIZATION OF THE FORCES. 


vance of the troops and had gotten his own party in readi- 
ness, numbering about forty men under the immediate com- 
mand of Henry Vanderburgh. He also succeeded in col- 
lecting Indian auxiliaries numbering some four or five hun- 
dred Yanktons and Sioux. The point where Pilcher and 
Ashley were in waiting is called Fort Recovery * in Colonel 
Leavenworth’s reports. Fort Brasseaux, mentioned by 
Ashley, seems to have been in this vicinity. 

Colonel Leavenworth arrived at Fort Recovery on the 
19th of July at 10 A. M. Several days were now spent in 
organizing the troops and allies. Two additional officers 
here joined the command. They were Major Wooley and 
Brevet-Major Ketchum, who had not reached Fort Atkinson 
before Leavenworth’s departure, but had at once set out to 
overtake the troops.” In the re-organization the companies 
of regulars were reduced to five in number, and arms dis- 
tributed accordingly, ten rifles being borrowed from Pilcher 
and thirty from Ashley to help make up for those lost in the 
keelboat wreck. Ashley’s and Pilcher’s auxiliaries were 
accepted. 

““General Ashley,” says Leavenworth, in his report, 
“nominated his officers and their appointments were con- 
firmed in orders. They were as follows: Jedediah Smith 
for Captain; Hiram Scott, do; Hiram Allen, Lieutenant; 
George C. [David?] Jackson, do; Charles Cunningham, 
Ensign; Edward Rose, do; ————— Fleming, Surgeon: 
T. Fitzpatrick, quartermaster; William Sublette, Sergeant- 
Major. 

“Mr. Pilcher, as acting member of the Missouri Fur 
Company, for himself and party offered me the services of 


*“ Arrived at a trading establishment called by the Indian traders 
Fort Recovery and sometimes Cedar Fort.” Fort Kiowa was “ eight 
or ten miles above where we lay.” Leavenworth. 

* The roll of officers who accompanied the expedition included the 
following: Colonel Leavenworth, Major Wooley, Brevet-Major 
Ketchum, Captains Riley and Armstrong, Lieutenants Bradley, Cruger, 
Wickliffe, Moore, Noel, and Doctor Gale. 


BEFORE THE ARICARA VILLAGES. 5OI 


forty men. These were formed into one company. Mr. 
Pilcher was assigned to the command of the Indians, with 
the nominal rank of Major. He nominated his officers 
and their appointment was confirmed in orders. They 
were as follows: Henry Vanderburgh, Captain; Angus 
McDonald as Captain of the Indian Command; [Moses B.] 
Carson, ist Lieutenant; | William] Gordon, 2nd do; 

“These appointments were merely nominal, and intended 
only to confer the same privileges and respect on them 
as were paid to our own officers of the same grade. No 
nominal rank was conferred on General Ashley as he was 
then a Brigadier General in the militia of the State of 
Missouri, and Lieutenant Governor of the same. 

“The forces thus organized, including regular troops, 
mountaineers, voyageurs and Indians, were styled the ‘ Mis- 
souri Legion,’ and numbered altogether about eight hun- 
dred fighting men.” 

As soon as the re-organization was complete the march 
was resumed and the command arrived before the Aricara 
villages on the oth of August, having made the distance 
from Council Bluffs, 640 miles, in forty-eight days, includ- 
ing the time spent in re-organization at Fort Recovery. 
On the previous day, August 8th, the command left the 
boats at a point about twenty-five miles below the villages. 
The flotilla was placed in charge of Major Wooley and ten 
men to each boat, with instructions to move it up the river 
after the troops. The land advance from this point was 
made in the following order: A scouting party of Sioux 
under Pilcher’s direction went ahead, the better to conceal 
the character of the attacking force. These were followed by 
Captain Riley with a company of riflemen, after whom came 
General Ashley with his two companies of mountaineers fol- 
lowed by the rest of the command, except Pilcher’s men, who 
kept on with their boats. Before the attack began about 
three hundred and fifty additional Indian recruits joined the 
command, making a total force before the Aricara villages 
of about eleven hundred men. Opposed to this force there 


592 OPENING OF THE ATTACK. 


were between six and eight hundred warriors in the two 
Aricara villages, and between three and four thousand indi- 
viduals all told, men, women and children. The attacking 
force was amply sufficient for the work in hand, notwith- 
standing that the Aricaras were to some extent sheltered 
in their dirt villages and had erected some rude palisades. 
The Aricaras do not seem to have had any expectation of 
this formidable attack and had made no especial prepara- 
tions to resist it. Thus far, therefore, the campaign had 
progressed most favorably and there was no reason to 
doubt its early and successful termination. 

The command had passed the night of the 8th some eight 
or nine miles below the villages, and early the next morn- 
ing moved out to the attack. Pilcher was ordered to 
advance with his Indian auxiliaries and surround the vil- 
lages so as to prevent escape, and give battle if the Aricaras 
came out. The Sioux moved to the front with great impet- 
uosity and were met by the Aricaras at the termination of 
the plain on which the villages stood, and about half a 
mile below them. Here ensued a sharp struggle in which 
the valor of the Sioux was met with equal valor on the part 
of the Aricaras. Thirteen of the latter were left dead on 
the ground. Whether any of the dead were removed, or 
what was the number of the wounded, is not known. The 
Sioux lost two killed and seven wounded, but failed to drive 
back the enemy. 

Alarmed at the prospect of a repulse, and finding that 
the troops were not yet in supporting distance, Pilcher has- 
tened to the rear for reinforcements. The whole line was 
then advanced rapidly in the following order: Ashley’s 
two companies were on the right, resting on the river; 
next were the five companies of the 6th Regiment, and on 
the left were Major Riley’s riflemen, who seem to have 
been a picked company formed when the number of regu- 
lar companies was reduced to five. The Sioux being still 
engaged in front, it was not possible to open fire on the 
Aricaras until they were passed. When the Aricaras saw 


SECOND DAY’S OPERATIONS. 593 


the whites approaching they broke and fled to their villages 
and the troops followed to within three or four hundred 
yards, where they halted to await the arrival of the boats 
with the artillery. It would hardly seem that the hour 
could have been later than noon, although Pilcher says 
that “the day was already far spent.’’ The artillery did 
not arrive until sundown, and further attack was delayed 
until the next day. After the Aricaras left the field the 
Sioux withdrew to the cornfields of their enemies and bore 
no further part in the operations. 

The attack for the following day, August roth, was 
planned to take place simultaneously against both villages. 
Two companies under Major Riley were sent to the upper 
village where they secured a good position within one hun- 
dred yards of the palisades. Major Vanderburgh, with 
the Missouri Fur Company contingent, was also stationed 
at this point, and hither was sent one of the six-pounders 
under Sergeant Perkins. General Ashley, as on the day 
before, held the extreme right of the line below the lower 
village, and on his left was Lieutenant Morris, with the 
other six-pounder and the howitzer. The rest of the troops 
were disposed along the front of the lower village, except 
one company under Major Ketchum, which was ordered at 
8 A. M. to reinforce the line at the upper village. The 
attack was opened by Lieutenant Morris with the artillery. 
His first shot killed the chief, Grey Eyes, and his second 
cut down the medicine flag staff. Vanderburgh’s artillery 
was posted at too high an elevation and the shot passed 
over the village into the river. He was ordered down into 
the plain and his firing then had more effect. Meanwhile 
the infantry advanced to within three hundred yards and 
fired one volley to discharge their guns, which had been 
loaded for a long time.’ 

It soon became evident that the artillery was not going 
to accomplish its purpose of driving the Indians from their 


® Leavenworth’s report. 


594 CHARGE ABANDONED. 


lodges, and that it would be necessary to storm the works 
if they were to be taken. Colonel Leavenworth now began 
to investigate the strength of the position. He was told 
by those who had been in the villages that the palisades 
were strong, with a trench on the inside. One man who 
had wintered at the Aricara villages advised the Colonel 
that they could be taken only by “sapping and mining ”’; 
that the Indians had full confidence in their ability to hold 
the town, and that every squaw would “count her coup” 
rather than yield. This was not the kind of resistance that 
Colonel Leavenworth had expected, but in order to test its 
real strength, he ordered preparations for an assault upon 
the “acute angle” at the upper village. Ashley in the 
meanwhile was ordered to make a diversion at the lower 
village. He took possession of a ravine within “ 20 paces ”’ 
of the village, from which he opened a brisk fire. Pilcher 
was instructed to notify the Sioux of the approaching attack 
and. to bring them in to co-operate. He cautioned the Col- 
onel not to rely upon them for this work, for they would 
probably wait until the Aricaras were driven out, when 
they could be attacked in the open. Nevertheless an 
attempt was made to secure their aid, but not very success- 
fully, and owing to their lack of co-operation the charge was 
abandoned. The cannonade was continued until midday. 
After the charge was declared off, Colonel Leavenworth, 
with a subordinate officer, went around to view the river 
side of the towns, where he heard that the Indians were 
escaping. Learning the falsity of this report he returned, 
and on his way back saw some Aricaras who had gotten 
into’a ravine and were pouring a “ galling fire” upon 
the troops. Major Ketchum was sent to dislodge them. 
Leavenworth then went to the upper village. Pilcher, 
whom he found here, told him that he could no longer 
vouch for the assistance of the Sioux unless some decisive 
action were taken. The impetuous and fickle nature of the 
Indians was not suited to the tedium of a siege, and they 
could be held to work only by the excitement of actual 


FAILURE OF SECOND DAY’S OPERATIONS. 595 


combat. Leavenworth replied that he was meditating a 
general assault, but thought that he would first try a strata- 
gem, and asked Pilcher’s opinion. Pilcher thought that 
stratagem was justifiable toward such a people. Leaven- 
worth then said that “he had thought of sending Simen- 
eau, the Aricara interpreter, to hail the Indians and tell 
them that they were fools that they did not come out and 
speak with the whites.” If they would do this, it would 
give an “opportunity to examine the works.” Pilcher 
thought that this strategem “could do no harm, at any 
rate.’ The effort failed in due course and Leavenworth 
then repaired to the lower village, where Lieutenant Mor- 
ris was still working away with his six-pounder. Finding 
that there were but thirteen shot left the Colonel ordered 
the artillery to cease firing. He then sent word to the 
Sioux that he had decided to withdraw the forces from 
the upper village and advised them to leave the cornfields 
in order to “save their stragglers from the tomahawks of 
the Aricaras.” 

The forces were then withdrawn from the upper village 
and the whole command was moved back about half a 
mile to a camp opposite the boats. By this time it was 
after 3 P. M. “Orders were given to senior officers of 
corps to have their men obtain some refreshment as soon 
as possible, and then to form their corps and march to the 
enemy’s cornfield to obtain some corn for the subsistence of 
our men, several of whom, and particularly General Ash- 
ley’s men, had not had any provisions for two days.” Col- 
onel Leavenworth then withdrew to his cabin on the boat. 

Such were the inglorious proceedings of the 1oth of 
August, for nothing else was attempted during that day. 
Their effect upon the Sioux had been to discourage them 
and arouse their contempt for the whites. They had joined 
the expedition with the expectation of plundering the Ari- 
cara villages. They had made the only real fight, so far, 
and had since been the spectators of the futile efforts of 
the whites. They now lost all heart in the campaign, and 


A 


596 CONFERENCE WITH THE INDIANS. 


having laden themselves with Aricara corn, withdrew from 
further co-operation. 

Presently Colonel Leavenworth came out of his boat and 
had interviews with General Ashley and with Pilcher. His 
plan now was to secure a supply of provisions and renew 
the attack next day. At this time a Sioux Indian and an 
Aricara were observed holding a parley and it was learned 
that the Aricaras were suing for pity on their women and 
children. They said that the man who had caused all the 
trouble was dead and the rest of the people wanted peace. 
Leavenworth sent the Indian back to tell the Aricaras to 
send out their chiefs at once if they wanted peace. He 
then returned to his boat and soon ten or twelve Indians 


were seen approaching. The senior officers advanced to 


meet them. The Indians appeared much frightened and 
begged the whites not to fire any more at them for they 
were “ all in tears.”” Leavenworth told them that they must 
restore Ashley’s property as a condition of peace, promise 
to behave well in the future and surrender five men as hos- 
tages. They promised to restore all the property that they 
had, but said that the horses had mostly all been killed or 
stolen. Leavenworth then told them of the great power of 
the Americans, which they had yet scarcely felt, and assured 
them that while his people desired to live on terms of friend- 
ship with them, they must conduct themselves differently or 
they would be punished more severely than they had yet 
been. ‘They all made fair promises. Colonel Leavenworth 
adds: ‘“ Considering my small force, the strange and unac- 
countable conduct of the Sioux, and even the great proba- 
bility of their joining the Aricaras against us—and also 
considering the importance of saving to our country the 
expense and trouble of a long Indian war, and the impor- 
tance of securing the Indian trade, I thought it proper to 
accept the terms.” 

The pipe of peace was brought forth and passed the 
rounds until it reached Pilcher, who refused to smoke or 
even to shake hands, and got up and walked back and forth 


THIRD DAY'S PROCEEDINGS. 597 


in great agitation, telling the Indians that they could look 
out for him on the morrow. He finally consented to smoke, 
as it was Colonel Leavenworth’s wish, but he refused his 
assent to the rest of the proceedings. His manner pro- 
duced a bad effect upon the Indians, who had been told by 
Colin Campbell that Pilcher was the most important man 
among the whites. After smoking Leavenworth picked 
out five principal Indians as hostages, and with a present 
of twelve robes from the Indians, made ready to depart. 
But at the instigation of Colin Campbell, as Colonel Leav- 
enworth thought, and also at the sight of the dead body of 
one of their nation who had been killed by the Sioux on the 
day before, the Indians became frightened and refused to 
go. Some shots were exchanged, but no harm was done; 
and thus ended the first attempt at negotiations for peace. 

Colonel Leavenworth now learned that the disgusted 
Sioux had turned enemy to a certain extent and had stolen 
six government mules and seven of Ashley’s horses. Fear- 
ing that they had conspired with the Aricaras to destroy 
the whites, he ordered his command to entrench for the 
night. There was indeed some ground for this fear. The 
operations for the day had given the Sioux a lively contempt 
for the Americans. One of the chiefs, Fire Heart, had 
been acting a mysterious and equivocal part for a day or 
two back, and he had now retired to the hills with a large 
party, where he was most likely waiting to see which side 
would come out victorious. 

The night, however, passed without incident, and on the 
morning of the 11th the Aricara chief, Little Soldier, came 
out. He said that his people had been much alarmed at the 
incident of the night before. Leavenworth tried to explain 
it away, whereupon Little Soldier said that he would 
get some of the chiefs to come out, and he wished that 
some of the white chiefs would visit the village. In par- 
ticular he wanted to know if Pilcher would make peace, 
and Leavenworth replied that he would have to. Edward 
Rose, one of the interpreters, was now sent in and soon 


598 TREATY OF PEACE. 


returned with the information that the Indians were com- 
pletely humbled. Doctor Gale and Lieutenant Morris also 
went in and returned with similar information. They 
found that the fortifications were much weaker than they 
had supposed; “that the pickets were very frail, and that 
they had but slight ditches on the inside.” Major Ketchum 
then went in and confirmed the report of the humbled feel- 
ings of the Indians. Their attitude was further evidenced 
by their offer to give the whites a load of provisions if they 
would send a boat up. 

They were now ordered to send out their chiefs, but 
they evasively sent out irresponsible men. Finally some of 
the principal men came out. Leavenworth then called upon 
Sub-Agent Pilcher to draft a treaty, but Pilcher declined. 
A similar request to Major Vanderburgh, also a sub-agent, 
was similarly declined. Leavenworth then drew up the 
treaty himself. It was signed by eleven Indians (although, 
according to Pilcher, by no chief of authority) and by six 
army officers. General Ashley, at whose request the expe- 
dition had been undertaken, was the only other person who 
signed it. 

The treaty contained four articles. In the first the Ari- 
caras agreed to restore the property taken from Ashley. 
By the second they stipulated not to molest the traders in 
the future. Articles 3rd and 4th were mutual promises that 
the United States and the Aricaras should henceforth live 
at peace. 

Immediately upon the conclusion of the treaty unre- 
strained intercourse opened up between the whites and the 
Indians. In carrying out the first article of the treaty, the 
Aricaras surrendered three rifles, one horse and sixteen 
robes. They were told that this would not do. Late in 
the afternoon Chief Little Soldier, who seems to have been 
a coward and a traitor to his own people, and evidently 
very little esteemed by them, although the first one to sign 
the treaty, came to Leavenworth’s boat and said that it was 
impossible for the Indians to do more than they had done. 


THE CHARGE AGAIN POSTPONED. 599 


The upper village, which had no part in the attack on Ash- 
ley, refused to contribute anything. He said that Grey 
Eyes, the principal agitator, was dead, and that for him- 
self he had always been friendly to the whites, and had 
sent warning to Ashley at the time of the Aricara attack, 
the previous June. He begged that he might come over to 
the side of the whites in case of a renewal of the attack. 
He gave the interesting advice that the artillery should fire 
low, and he pointed out the best place for attack. Such 
was the craven individual for whose welfare Colonel Leav- 
enworth showed so much solicitude. 

It now became a question of accepting the failure of the 
Indians to restore Ashley’s property or of renewing the 
attack. The latter alternative was the choice of the army 
officers and the auxiliaries. Lieutenant Morris had found 
more shot for the cannon and every one was confident of 
success if the charge were made. But for some unaccount- 
able reason Colonel Leavenworth could not bring himself 
to take the decisive step. He has described the conflict of 
his own thoughts, which clearly shows that, while he was 
actuated by the purest motives, he lacked the firmness which 
the occasion demanded. “I felt that my situation was a 
disagreeable and unpleasant one. It appeared to me that 
my reputation and the honor and success of the expedition 
required that I should gratify my troops and make the 
charge. But 1 also thought that sound policy and the inter- 
est of my country required that I should not. 

“For my own part I felt confident that the Indians had 
been sufficiently humbled, fully to convince them of our 
ability to punish them for any injury which they might 
do us, and that they would behave well in the future.” 

The responsibility of the situation Colonel Leavenworth 
evaded for the present by postponing the attack until the 
next day, August 12th. He did this at the request of Little 
Soldier, in order to permit that shifty savage to escape with 
his family; and also because it was so nearly night that to 
attack them would leave the wounded to be cared for after 


600 THE ARICARAS ESCAPE, 


dark. Rose, the interpreter, then went into the villages 
and got the Indians to send out a few more robes, which 
they said was the utmost they could do. He assured Colonel 
Leavenworth that the Indians were preparing to leave and 
that they would certainly escape that night; but in spite 
of all these proofs of their insincerity the Colonel sent word 
to them that he would waive further compliance with Arti- 
cle I, and urged them not to leave. No precautions were 
taken to prevent escape, and when the command awoke on 
' the morning of the 12th the villages were deserted except 
by one woman, the aged and decrepit mother of the fallen 
chief, Grey Eyes. The next two days were spent in a futile 
effort to find the Aricaras and induce them to return to 
their villages; and at 10 A. M. on the morning of August 
15th, the command embarked for the return journey, leav- 
ing the aged mother of Grey Eyes with plenty of provisions 
in peaceable possession of the villages. Scarcely were the 
boats under way when the villages were discovered to be 
on fire and are presumed to have been destroyed. 

In the operations before the Aricara villages the whites 
lost none in killed and but two slightly wounded. The 
Sioux lost two killed and seven wounded in the attack of 
the oth. The loss of the keelboat with its property and 
crew on the way up the river was the one serious disaster 
of the expedition —a very serious one indeed—but, so far 
as 1s known, wholly accidental. Colonel Leavenworth 
thought that the Aricara loss amounted to fifty, but Pilcher 
was positive that it could not exceed thirty, including wom- 
en and children, and of these thirteen had been killed by the 
Sioux. The bombardment caused very few casualties, for 
it is evident from the hint dropped by Little Soldier that 
the Indians lay on the ground and that most of the shot 
passed over them. The effect of the shot on the mud huts 
was inappreciable. These were all the material results of 
the campaign under Leavenworth’s immediate command, to 
which may be added the looting of the Aricara cornfields 
by the Sioux and the burning of the villages by unknown 


ia o 


CRITICISM UPON THE CAMPAIGN. 601 


hands. The cost of the expedition was only about two 
thousand dollars, and the time consumed about seventy- 
five days. The experience of the troops on the long march 
and the knowledge it gave them of the country were among 
its most valuable results. 

Colonel Leavenworth’s prompt and energetic action, 
when he received the news of Ashley’s disaster, was most 
creditable. It was a serious responsibility to take — that 
of ordering an expedition over six hundred miles away 
without previous authority from his superior. But Colonel 
Leavenworth rightly judged that it was not a time to wait 
several weeks for communication with St. Louis, and he 
decided to go at once. 

The co-operation of General Ashley and Major Pilcher 
was hearty and energetic. The latter succeeded in getting 
a large auxiliary force from the Sioux on the strength 
of a prospect of plundering the Aricara villages. With 
both gentlemen Colonel Leavenworth was highly pleased at 
first, although he had a serious falling out with Pilcher 
before he got through. 

Excepting the loss of the keelboat everything went well 
until the arrival before the villages. The opening attack 
by the Sioux was vigorous and determined. But from 
this point on the conduct of Colonel Leavenworth was so 
vacillating and ineffectual, and apparently governed by 
such an undue estimate of the obstacles in his way, and 
such a dread of incurring any loss, that he disgusted the 
Indian allies, forfeited their friendship and co-operation, 
and excited the contempt and amazement of the trappers 
and mountaineers. There is no reason to suppose that an 
assault on the towns would not have been successful, and 
from every point of view it was imperative upon Colonel 
Leavenworth to attempt it. Why had he come this great 
distance if it was not to inflict summary punishment upon 
these people? Instead of doing so he fairly begged them 
for peace, and after having completed a treaty, which he 
was compelled to write himself because the duly constituted 


602 EFFECT UPON THE ARICARAS. 


officers of the government flatly refused to participate in it, 
he next waived fulfillment of its one essential article. 

The whole conduct of the fight, if such it can be called, 
had only served to detract from the credit of the national 
arms. How little effort was actually made to reduce the 
villages is apparent from the lack of casualties. It is, of 
course, no proof of bad management that an officer brings 
his men out of action without loss of life— rather quite 
the reverse, if he has accomplished his purpose. But when 
a whole day’s attack upon a fortified town held by six hun- 
dred able-bodied warriors results in only slightly wounding 
two of the assailants, it is evident that the attack could not 
have been very efficient. Such a result is scarcely com- 
patible with Colonel Leavenworth’s account of the “ galling 
fire”? to which his command was, on at least one occasion, 
subjected. 

In regard to the Aricaras, Colonel Leavenworth’s im- 
pression that they were “ completely humbled ”’ was wholly 
erroneous. Even while the treaty was going on, and imme- 
diately afterward, proof of their bad faith was patent to 
every one. They failed to carry out the principal article of 
the treaty and virtually repudiated the whole compact by 
deserting their villages in the very presence of the troops. 
In “Orders” issued to the regiment August 29th upon 
the return of the expedition to Fort Atkinson, Colonel 
Leavenworth said: “The blood of our countrymen has 
been honorably avenged, the Aricaras humbled, and in such 
manner as will teach them and other Indian tribes to respect 
the American name and character.’”’ Such was not the 
opinion of those conversant with the facts. The affair 
was then considered a complete fiasco and its fame as such 
persisted in tradition until the details were wholly forgotten. 
Ten years afterward Maximilian thus referred to it: ‘‘ The 
inhabitants of the banks of the Missouri affirm that this 
enterprise was conducted with very little energy; they 
retired from the enemy’s villages without destroying them 
or doing much injury to the inhabitants, at which the allied 


MOTIVES OF COLONEL LEAVENWORTH. 603 


Indians especially were much dissatisfied. The Aricaras, 
on the other hand, became extremely arrogant, and hence- 
forth attacked and murdered all white men who were so 
unfortunate as to fall in their way.” 

Scarcely had Colonel Leavenworth read his orders to the 
troops at Fort Atkinson when several trappers were mas- 
sacred by these Indians near the Mandan villages. In the 
following winter several were killed by them in the valley 
of the Platte, and similar outrages were of frequent occur- 
rence for many years thereafter. It is true that General 
Atkinson in 1825 found them humble and _ peaceably 
inclined, but his visit was in company with a formidable 
military force. The history of the twenty years following 
this affair, far from justifying the hopeful predictions of 
Colonel Leavenworth, were rather a literal fulfillment of 
the despondent prophecy of Major Pilcher in a letter to 
Benjamin O’Fallon within a week after the troops left the 
Aricara villages. “It is my sincere and candid opinion,” 
he wrote, “that the expedition against the Aricaras, from 
which so much service might have been rendered to this 
dwindling and bleeding commerce, will rather tend to 
Increase, than diminish, the evil; that the situation of affairs 
in this country is worsted materially ; that instead of raising 
the American character in the estimation of its inhabitants 
and impressing them with the power and spirit of our gov- 
ernment, the contrary effect has been produced; and that 
the outrages of the Indians will increase in consequence. 
That a most unfavorable impression has been left upon the 
minds of our Indian allies is a fact that I am sorry to com- 
municate.” 

It is difficult to fathom the motives which actuated Col- 
onel Leavenworth in this campaign. It was not lack of 
courage, for his excellent record was evidence against any 
such theory. It is probable that he felt alarmed at the 
responsibility that he had voluntarily assumed. He might 
reasonably doubt that his superiors would approve of his 
action in taking so large a command to so great a distance 


6504 LEAVENWORTH AND PILCHER. 


simply to punish an outrage against a party of traders and 
trappers. The lamentable accident in the wreck of the 
keelboat doubtless increased his anxiety and made him 
doubly anxious to achieve the object of the expedition with- 
out further loss. Finally he may have distrusted his Indian 
allies and even the trappers and mountaineers, and have 
feared that a successful assault of the villages might have 
ended in a massacre of its inhabitants. He was well aware 
that such a result would have raised a storm back in the 
States where the circumstances would be imperfectly under- 
stood. It is only from considerations of this character that 
it is possible to explain his conduct at the Aricara towns, 
and his deliberate choice of a course which could not -fail 
to tarnish his reputation and bring down the contempt of 
the Indians upon the American arms. 

One of the most regrettable features of the whole affair 
was the feeling of bitter animosity that was engendered 
between Colonel Leavenworth and Joshua Pilcher. Both 
were men of high character and unblemished reputation. 
Colonel Leavenworth had already won enviable distinction 
in his country’s service, particularly in the battles of Chip- 
pewa and Niagara Falls in the War of 1812. He was a 
true soldier and a good officer and whatever may have been 
his error of judgment in the present case, there was no 
suspicion that he acted from any but the most disinterested 
motives. | 

Mr. Pilcher was one of the ablest of the traders, and 
had succeeded Manuel Lisa in the presidency of the Mis- 
souri Fur Company. His character was above reproach; 
he was well informed, and his opinions on matters relating 
to the Indian trade were more than once sought for by the 
government. He had apparently joined the expedition 
purely from a desire to help punish the Aricaras, for as he 
had now withdrawn all of his establishments above the 
Sioux, he was not protecting his own interests to the same 
extent that Ashley was. Leavenworth was highly pleased 
with him up to the time when he began his negotiations for 


PILCHER’S HASTY ACTION. 605 


peace. He says in one of his reports: “ Allow me to say 
that up to this time I had been very well pleased with Mr. 
Pilcher in every respect, particularly as sub-agent. He 
had neglected no opportunity to be serviceable to the expe- 
dition and had done everything in his power to ensure its 
success.” 

Colonel Leavenworth’s decision to negotiate peace with- 
out a victory excited the indignation of Pilcher, who had 
just seen his Sioux auxiliaries draw off in disgust at the 
failure to accomplish anything. He refused to be a party 
to the treaty and probably did all that he could to cause this 
part of the proceedings to fail. His conduct naturally 
aroused the ire of Colonel Leavenworth, who considered 
him bound to obey orders as long as he was attached to the 
command. The burning of the villages after the troops 
had left was at once attributed by Colonel Leavenworth to 
Pilcher, but it was probably one of Pilcher’s men, William 
Gordon. Pilcher positively denied being party to the act, 
and disclaimed any knowledge of who the guilty party was, 
at the same time intimating that in his opinion the act was 
altogether justifiable. 

Colonel Leavenworth added fuel to the flame of discord 
hy issuing an order on the day of departure from the Ari- 
sara towns, in which he directly charged the Missouri Fur 
(company with the destruction of the villages, and declared 
that ‘‘ with such men he would have no further intercourse.” 
From this ban of displeasure he excepted Major Henry 
Vanderburgh and Moses B. Carson. But these gentlemen 
would not accept the Colonel’s indulgence, and wrote to 
Pilcher on the day following that they felt “ extremely mor- 
tified at having been selected as the object of his [Leaven- 
worth’s] approbation and praise.’’ Pilcher himself was 
enraged at Leavenworth’s order, and permitted his indig- 
nation to get the better of his judgment entirely. On the 
23rd of August, at Fort Recovery, he addressed a letter 
to Colonel Leavenworth, which, whatever truth it might 
contain, was couched in such violent and abusive language 


606 PILCHER’S CRITICISM OF LEAVENWORTH. 


as to produce the opposite effect upon the public from what 
was intended. His provocation was indeed great, and he 
was not a man given to the mincing of words, but he ought 
at least to have refrained from personal abuse. He closed 
his letter with the following passage, in which, it must be 
acknowledged, there was more truth than the partisans of 
Colonel Leavenworth would have been willing to admit: 
“T am well aware,” he wrote, “that humanity and philan- 
thropy are mighty shields for you against those who are 
entirely ignorant of the disposition and character of Indians, 
but with those who have experienced the fatal and ruinous 
consequences of their treachery and barbarity these consid- 
erations will avail nothing. You came to restore peace and 
tranquillity to the country, and to leave an impression which 
would insure its continuance. Your operations have been 
such as to produce the contrary effect, and to impress the 
different Indian tribes with the greatest possible contempt 
for the American character. You came (to use your own 
language) to “open and make good this great road’ ; instead 
of which you have, by the imbecility of your conduct and 
operations, created and left impassabie barriers.” 4 


MILITARY RECORD OF COLONEL LEAVENWORTH. 
Powell’s List of Officers of the U. S. Army. 


“LEAVENWORTH, HENRY. (BorninConn. Ap- 
pointed from New York.) Capt. 25th U.S. Inf., 25 April, 
1812. Maj. oth Inf., 15 Aug., 1813. Trans. to 2nd Inf., 
May 17, 7315. ‘Lieut. Col. 5thiint, 10 Feb.) 1818.5 vane: 
to 6th Inf, ast Oct.,, 1821).Col. ard) Int. 16 Deca eee 
Died 21 July, 1834: Bvt. Lieut. Col.,)15 July, aera wor 
distinguished and meritorious service at the Battle of Chip- 


“My authorities for the foregoing account of the campaign against 
the Aricaras are the orders, reports, and correspondence of Colonel 
Leavenworth; correspondence of Ashley and Pilcher; and various 
items of information gleaned from the newspapers of the time printed 
in St. Louis and Franklin, Missouri. 


BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE. 607 


pewa. Bvt. Col., 25 July, 1814, for distinguished service at 
Niagara) Halls, Bvt. Brig). Gen.,, 25) July, 1824, for ten 
years’ faithful service in one grade.” 


Gir GER. 
THE YELLOWSTONE EXPEDITION OF 1825. 


Purpose of the expedition— Keelboat transportation — Progress of 
the expedition — Treaty with the Poncas— Arrival at Fort Kiowa — 
Treaties with the Sioux — Buffalo hunt — Treaties with Cheyennes and 
Ogallalahs — Indian feast — Footprints in the rocks — Treaty with the 
Aricaras — Arrival at the Mandans — Trouble with the Crows — Mos- 
quitoes — Arrival at the Yellowstone — Meeting with General Ashley — 
Excursion to find the Assiniboines — Return to the mouth of the Yel- 
lowstone — Return journey — Arrival at Council Bluffs — More treaties 
with the Indians — Arrival at St. Louis — Report of the expedition. 


‘QGaire expedition, like that of Lewis and Clark a score of 

years before, is one which can be reviewed with 
great satisfaction, because it was conducted in an eminently 
sensible and practical way, and because it fully accomplished 
its purpose. The restlessness of the Missouri tribes ever 
since the War of 1812, and their frequent acts of hostility 
to the whites, culminating in the Blackfoot and Aricara 
outrages of 1823, caused the government to adopt more 
effective measures for their reduction and pacification. In 
1824 Congress passed an act authorizing treaties to be 
formed with the Missouri tribes, and the President 
appointed Gen. Henry Atkinson of the Army, and Major 
Benjamin O’Fallon, Indian agent, commissioners to visit 
and conclude the treaties. 

The appointments were made too late in the year 1824 to 
permit the accomplishment of the work during that season, 
but measures were taken to carry it promptly into effect with 
the opening of spring. The commissioners left St. Louis 
about the 20th of March, 1825, and arrived at Council 
Bluffs on the 19th of April. The last invoice of their 


NOVEL MARINE NOMENCLATURE. 609 


goods arrived on the 13th of May, and preparations were 
completed for the departure of the expedition on the fol- 
lowing day. The transports consisted of eight keelboats, 
which had, in addition to the usual appliances of sails, cor- 
delles, poles, etc., a set of paddle wheels operated by hand 
power. The boats were named after the fur-bearing ani- 
mals most commonly met in the Missouri river trade — 
Beaver, Buffalo, Elk, Mink, Muskrat, Otter, Raccoon, and 
White Bear. As animals of these varieties were constantly 
encountered along the route, an amusing confusion of 
names occurs now and then in the journal; as for instance: 
“ Two elk were killed by Lieutenant Swearinger and a man 
of the Muskrat crew’’; “an antelope was killed this morn- 
ing by a hunter from the transport Elk”; “the Mink and 
Beaver halted and sent out to bring in a buffalo”; “the 
whole flotilla, Bear, Buffalo, Elk, Mink, etc., stopped at 
Elk Island to secure three buffalo found there’; “ the 
Muskrat halted and took in two elk, three white bears and 
one deer that our hunters had killed”; General Ashley’s 
beaver were “shipped on board the Mink, Muskrat, and 
Raccoon.” 

The commission set out from Council Bluffs with an 
escort of 476 men, of whom forty were mounted and went 
by land, keeping always within reach of the boats. Among 
the officers of the expedition besides General Atkinson 
were Colonel Leavenworth, Majors Kearney, Langham and 
Ketchum; Captains Armstrong, Riley, Mason, Gaunt, Pent- 
land, Kennedy, and Culbertson; Lieutenants Harris, Swear- 
inger, Wragg, Greyson, Waters, Holmes, and Doctor Gale. 

The expedition proceeded without serious accident, 
although with much disarrangement of the machinery, and 
arrived at the Ponca village on the 8th of June. Captain 
Armstrong with the mounted troops and with Edward 
Rose, the interpreter, arrived thirteen days before. The 
force landed and went into camp just below the mouth of 
Paint creek, and arrangements were made to hold a coun- 
cil and form a treaty with the Indians on the following 


610 GOOD IMPRESSION ON THE INDIANS. 


day. Here a military display was given, which, with the 
considerable force of troops present, made an excellent 1m- 
pression upon the Indians. The ceremony is thus recorded 
in the journal: “The troops were paraded in brigade in 
uniform at nine this morning, and were reviewed by Gen- 
eral Atkinson in the rear of the Ponca village. They 
appeared extremely well and excited great curiosity in the 
Indians, the whole tribe, men, women and children, leaving 
the village to witness the scene.’”’ Following immediately 
upon the review a council was held with the Indians at 
which nearly the whole tribe were present. The desired 
treaty was unanimously approved and the business was 
concluded with present-making, all in the most satisfactory 
manner. 

The necessary repairs to the boats delayed departure until 
1 P. M. of the roth, when the expedition resumed its course 
and camped that night a little above the Niobrara (L’Eau 
qui Court). Hither the Indians followed and entertained 
the expedition with native dances. The party then made 
its way without notable incident to Fort Kiowa, at this time 
in charge of a Mr. Wilson, trader of the American Fur 
Company. 

Some runners were dispatched to bring in the Tetons, 
Yanktons, and Yanktonais, while Rose, the interpreter. was 
sent to tell the Cheyennes to meet the commission at the 
Aricara villages. After some delay the Indians arrived, 
and on the 20th military ceremonies were again gone 
through with. The brigade was reviewed by General 
Atkinson and staff on horseback. “ The display was very 
fine, the troops being in fine order,” and the impression on 
the Indians was excellent. The council was then organ- 
ized and the credentials of the chiefs examined. At this 
time there was delivered to the Yanktons a girl of their 
tribe who had been a prisoner among the Otoes, and whom 
the expedition had taken up the river. That night the 
Indians were treated to a display of rockets, which greatly 
impressed them. 


) 


(FE-E8$1 AAPULY —UDYIMIXDY) 
LANOSSIPY AY2 SSOLID ULOAL (AIA AZUL 


MUVIO LIOd 


THE FIRST BUFFALO HUNT. 611 


The next day the treaty was concluded with these tribes, 
and presents were distributed among them, including one 
gun for each chief. If the military made a good impression 
upon the Indians, the Indians made no less favorable an 
impression upon the whites. “These tribes deport them- 
selves with gravity and dignity,” says the journal, “ while 
they displayed a quality of taste in their dress which did 
great credit to their untutored view of things.” 

The expedition resumed its journey on the 22nd, and on 
the following day reached the Great Bend of the Missouri. 
Here a portion of the passengers, as generally happens in 
navigating the river, crossed the narrow neck of land 
while the boats passed around. They left the flotilla on the 
24th and were taken up on the boats on the 26th. At Elk 
Island the party had their first real excitement in buffalo 
hunting. Majors O’Fallon and Ketchum were walking 
along the shore when they descried three buffalo on the 
island. One of them remained to watch the animals while 
the other went to notify the party. It being about noon 
the flotilla halted for dinner, while a small party under 
Major Ketchum crossed to the island to get the buffalo. 
“The party landed and went in pursuit, but their design 
was partly frustrated by the imprudence of Lieutenant 
Wragg, who crossed over to the island shortly after, and 
ran forward and fired upon the buffalo.” This frightened 
the animals, and they immediately leaped into the water. 
One swam toward the boats, was shot, but sank into the 
‘river, and did not rise. The remaining two came back to 
the island, where one was killed, and the other escaped in a 
wounded condition. The troops being in want of fresh 
meat, Lieutenant Wrage’s performance on this occasion 
did not redound much to his credit in their eyes. 

On the 30th of June the expedition arrived at the mouth 
of the Teton river about two and a half miles above which 
the American Fur Company at this date had a trading estab- 
lishment. Here the party waited until the Sioux, Chey- 
ennes and Ogallalahs could be brought in. On the first 


612 A FOURTH OF JULY BANQUET. 


day of the arrival a party under Lieutenant Waters secured 
six buffalo. The journal says that “ Rose, an interpreter, 
one of the party, we understand, covered himself with 
bushes and crawled into the gang of eleven bulls, and shot 
down the six on the same ground before the others ran off.” 
The six buffalo weighed, dressed, 3,300 pounds. 

While waiting for the arrival of all the Indians the com- 
missioners were treated to a feast by the Ogallalahs, of 
which the following account is given in the journal: “It 
consisted of the flesh of thirteen dogs boiled in plain water 
in seven kettles, much done. Our drink was water from 
the Missouri brought up in the paunches of buffalo, which 
gave it a disagreeable taste. . . . We were occupied 
about an hour and a half at the feast, when ourselves and 
the officers returned to camp and sat down and partook of 
wine and fruit at a table provided by the camp.” The 
journal is here provokingly silent in not informing us how, 
after such a feast, the surfeited guests could have found an 
immediate appetite for such ordinary viands as wine and 
fruit. This banquet was part of the celebration of July 
4th, 1825. 

The Indians having been finally gathered together, the 
usual review took place on the 5th, with the added feature 
of a mounted artillery drill, by which “the Indians were 
struck with great awe.” On the 6th the council and treaties 
took place, and presents were given and received. ‘ This 
evening,” the journal says, “ Lieutenant Holmes threw six 
shells from the howitzer in the presence of the Indians. 
They exploded handsomely and made a deep impression 
upon the savages.” 

The expedition set out at about 9 A. M. onthe 7th. “The 
exhibition was beautiful. The wind being fair, the boats 
put off in regular succession, under sail and under the 
wheels, and ran up a stretch of 191% miles in view of more 
than three thousand Indians who lined the shore.” This 
day the cavalry horses were mostly sent back to Council 
Bluffs, only enough horses being retained to pack in the 


aaebts 


FOOTPRINTS IN A ROCK. 613 


game, and to flank the river. The party arrived at Hidden 
creek on the 11th of July, and here, on the following day, 
after the usual military ceremonies, a treaty was made with 
a band of the Sioux called the Fire Hearts, numbering about 
150 souls. From one of the young men Major O’Fallon 
took a British medal. 

The journal notes the following occurrence at this place: 
“Major O’Fallon and General Atkinson obtained two 
Indian horses and rode three-quarters of a mile back to the 
hills in rear of our position to look at the impression of 
footsteps on a rock. We found the impression of three 
tracks of the foot of a common-sized man. The first, near 
the upper edge of the rock, is made by the right foot, and 
is about an inch deep, making a full impression of the whole 
track, with the full impression of the five toes 34 inch deep. 
The next track is of the left foot, and about 3% feet from 
the first—impression full and deep as the first. The next 
footprint of the right foot is not visible, but at about six 
feet from the second track an impression is again made by 
the left foot as large and plain as the others. This is near 
the lower edge of the rock which of itself is about 11 feet 
long by 9, lying at an angle of about 30 degrees of eleva- 
tion.” 

The expedition arrived at the Aricara village on the 15th 
of July, where treaties were made with these Indians and 
with the Hunkpapas, after the usual ceremonies. The 
journey was resumed on the 18th. No incidents of special 
importance occurred from this point to the Mandan villages, 
where the expedition arrived on the 26th of July. Here it 
was expected to make treaties with the Mandans, Minne- 
tarees and Crows. The latter tribe was some distance off, 
and seemed reluctant to come in, for although repeatedly 
sent for they did not arrive until the 3rd of August. In 
the meanwhile treaties were made with the other tribes and 
a large amount of buffalo hunting was indulged in. After 
the arrival of the Crows the usual military ceremonies were 
gone through with and a treaty was made with that nation. 


| 
1 


614 TROUBLE WITH THE CROWS. 


At this time there ensued an occurrence that has passed 
into nearly all the narrative literature of that period. It 1s 
thus related in the journal: “ Two Iroquois prisoners 
were demanded of the Crows. From this or some other 
cause unknown to me, the Crows became very hostile in 
their conduct, and from their attempting to take the pres- 
ents before they were told to do so, Major O’Fallon struck 
three or four of the chiefs over the head with his pistol. 
About this time General Atkinson, who had been absent 
from the council to get his dinner, on returning to the 
council saw the commotion and ordered the troops under 
arms. This probably saved bloodshed.” 

The occurrence as it has found its place in literature is 
best stated by Irving in Captain Bonneville, from which it 
appears that Rose had a hand in the affair. Irving’s nar- 
rative runs thus: “ The last anecdote we have of Rose is 
from an Indian trader. When General Atkinson made his 
military expedition up the Missouri, in 1825, to protect the 
fur trade, he held a conference with the Crow nation at 
which Rose figured as Indian dignitary and Crow inter- 
preter. The military were stationed at some little distance 
from the scene of the ‘big talk.’ While the General and 
the chiefs were smoking pipes and making speeches, the 
officers, supposing that all was friendly, left the troops and 
drew near the scene of ceremonial. Some of the more 
knowing Crows, perceiving this, stole quietly to the camp, 
and, unobserved, contrived to stop the touch-holes of the 
field pieces with dirt. Shortly after a misunderstanding 
occurred in the conference; some of the Indians, knowing 
the cannon to be useless, became insolent. A tumult arose. 
In the confusion Colonel O’Fallon snapped a pistol in the 
face of a brave and knocked him down with the butt end. 
The Crows were all in a fury. A chance medley fight was 
on the point of taking place, when Rose, his natural sympa- 
thies as a white man suddenly recurring, broke the stock 
of his fusee over the head of a Crow warrior, and laid so 
vigorously about him with the barrel that he soon put the 


ny 


MEETING WITH GENERAL ASHLEY. 615 


whole throng to flight. Luckily, as no lives had been lost, 
this sturdy rib-roasting calmed the fury of the Crows and 
the tumult ended without serious consequences.” 

The expedition left the Mandan villages on the 6th of 
August and reached the mouth of the Yellowstone on the 
17th without special incident. Game everywhere abounded 
and there was plenty of hunting. We find in the journal 
of the 1oth a reference to that pest which has disturbed 
the peace of every traveler on the Missouri. ‘ The hunters 
are too much annoyed by mosquitoes,” it says, “to remain 
in the bottoms for any length of time. These insects are 
more numerous on this river from the Poncas up, indeed on 
the plains and on the highest hiils, than I have witnessed 
them anywhere else in my travels. They make no singing 
noise, but strike you as soon as they come up, and penetrate 
the skin at once.” 

After passing the mouth of the Yellowstone, the expe- 
dition “came to at Ashley’s old fort, a mile above the 
mouth of that river, on the bank of the Missouri. This 
position is the most beautiful spot we have seen on the 
river, being a tongue of land between the two rivers, a 
perfectly level plain, elevated above high water, and extend- 
ing back two miles to a gentle ascent that rises, at the dis- 
tance of two miles, 100 feet. Three sides of the fort, or 
picket work, remain intact. The west side has been burned 
down. One house is standing, and three appear to have 
been burnt, as also the gate of the work.” 

While still at this place the party were agreeably sur- 
prised by the arrival of a band of hunters descending the 
Yellowstone in boats with a cargo of furs. It was no other 
than General Ashley, who had just arrived from the Salt 
Lake valley with a party of twenty-four men and with one 
hundred packs of beaver. General Atkinson offered him 
transportation for his party and property if he would await 
the return of the troops from an excursion farther up the 
river. This he readily assented to, as it gave him protec- 
tion the rest of the way to the settlements. 


616 THE RETURN JOURNEY. 


From such information as General Ashley could give it 
was thought that the Blackfeet must be above the Falls of 
the Missouri, and that therefore there was no prospect of 
seeing them. But it was thought that they might run 
across the Assiniboines. Accordingly a part of the force 
set out on the 20th accompanied by General Ashley, and 
ascended the river about one hundred and twenty miles. 
Finding no indication of the presence of Indians they turned 
about on the 24th and arrived at the mouth of the Yellow- 
stone on the 26th. The next day the whole party com- 
menced the descent of the Missouri, “‘ at forty minutes past 
five A. M.,” having ‘“ embarked the horses on board of the 
Buffalo, Elk, Otter, and Beaver,’ with Ashley’s beaver “ on 
board the Mink, Muskrat, and Raccoon.” 

No incident worthy of mention occurred on the way 
down, except the wrecking of the Muskrat on a snag three 
miles above the mouth of James river. The boat was 
repaired and General Ashley’s fur was saved. The expedi- 
tion arrived at Council Bluffs on the 19th of September. 
Here councils were held and treaties signed with the Otoes 
September 26th, with the Pawnees September 30th, and 
with the Omahas October 6th. General Ashley left for St. 
Louis on the 22nd of September. On the 7th of October 
at 4 P. M., General Atkinson, Major O’Fallon, and three 
officers, with eight effective men and the invalids, set out 
in the transport Antelope for St. Louis, where they arrived 
at 5 P. M. on the 20th of October, just seven months after 
their departure. 

On the 7th of November the commissioners forwarded 
the treaties which they had concluded to Washington with 
a comprehensive report upon the expedition. They were 
able to give the gratifying statement that they had found 
all the tribes they had hoped to except two; that they had 
everywhere formed satisfactory treaties; that they had left 
a strong impression among the Indians of the friendship, 
and at the same time of the power, of the United States; 
and that on the whole expedition “ not a boat or man was 


REPORT OF THE COMMISSION. 617 


lost, nor did any accident occur of any sort of consequence.” 
The report gives a succinct account of the conditions of 
the tribes at that time and makes recommendations in regard 
to them. The commissioners found no evidence that the 
British interfered in the least with any of the tribes whom 
they saw. 

On the 23rd of November General Atkinson transmitted 
from the headquarters of the Western Department at Louts- 
ville, Kentucky, to General Brown, commanding the army of 
the United States, a copy of the above report, with some 
additional comments of importance. He discussed the pro- 
priety of establishing a military post higher up the river 
than Council Bluffs, and thought that it was not a neces- 
sary measure. If one were to be established, however, he 
thought that it ought to be at the mouth of the Yellow- 
stone, with a dependent post near the Great Falls. But he 
believed that better results would follow from an occasional 
display of military force such as had just taken place, than 
from the permanent presence of troops among the Indians. 
His advice was followed. 

General Atkinson referred to the valuable geographical 
and other information which he had derived from General 
Ashley and J. S. Smith pertaining to routes, the location of 
South Pass, the extent of British trade on the Columbia, 
and other matters. He stated that General Ashley had in 
preparation a topographical sketch of the country that he 
had visited and that this would be forwarded as soon as 
received. It is to be hoped that this sketch was made and 
that it will yet come to light. 

On the whole the expedition was a distinct success. It 
had undertaken to accomplish a definite thing and had 
accomplished it promptly and thoroughly. It was a con- 
spicuous exception among the various enterprises with 
which we are here called upon to deal. 


618 BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE. 


MILITARY RECORD OF GENERAL ATKINSON. 
Powell’s List of Officers of the U. S. Army. 


“ ATKINSON, HENRY. (Bornin N.C. Appointed 
from N.C.) Capt., 3rd Inf., 1 July, 1808. Col. I. G. 25 
April, 1813. Col. 4th Inf., 15 April, 1814. Trans. to 37th 
Int.,.22 April, 18i4) ) Trans, to 6th Ini, 17\Mayrers: 
Brig. ‘Gen. 13 i May)1820.4.Col, A) Gaia yame is ae 
which he declined, and on 16 Aug., 1821, was assigned 
as Col. 6th Inf. Retained as Col., 21 Aug., with Bvt. rank 
of Brig, Gen., 13 May, 1820, Died 14 June, 1842.” 


GheAT DER: V, 


THE SMALLPOX SCOURGE OF 1837. 


Effects of vice and disease upon the Indian — The smallpox — Ori- 
gin of the plague of 1837— Action of the American Fur Company — 
The disease among the Mandans — Terrible scenes — The Aricaras at- 
tacked — Smallpox at Fort Union— Horrible expedient — Disastrous 
results — Disease spreads among the Assiniboines — Brazeau and Lar- 
penteur — The Blackfeet and Crows attacked — Effect upon the various 
tribes — Effect upon the trade — Mortality among the various tribes. 


HE vices and diseases that came to the Indian with the 

white man well-nigh resulted in the extermination of 

the race. The wars among the tribes, the wars between the 

tribes and the whites, were the merest bagatelle in compari- 

son with these desolating influences which sapped the vital- 
ity of the people. 

The proportionate destructiveness of these various agen- 
cies of ruin is not easy to determine. The effects of alco- 
hol and immoral diseases were vast and universal, but not 
of a character to be reached by statistics. But that they 
corrupted the life of the people, enervated their physical 
force, poisoned their ambitions, rendered them an easy prey 
to the hard environment of their lives, and in the aggregate 
reduced the native population at an alarming rate, the tes- 
timony of contemporary observers conclusively proves. It 
is only the arrest of these influences in recent times by the 
better control now exercised on the reservations, that has 
turned the tide and has again placed the native population 
upon a basis of increase. 

While there are no precise data as to the destructiveness 
of the influences just noted, there was one plague that was 
so rapid and complete that its effects are known with con- 


620 BEGINNING OF THE PLAGUE. 


siderable accuracy. This was the smallpox scourge of 
1837. This terrible pestilence had visited the western 
tribes before, spreading destruction and terror in its path. 
The first great epidemic occurred about the year 1800, when 
it swept over the country to the Pacific and destroyed the 
power of several tribes. Less terrible visitations occurred 
from time to time, but the most destructive of all was in 
1837. So deadly was the pestilence at this time that many 
thought. it must be something more terrible than smallpox, 
for it seemed to outdo any previous record of that disease. 

The ravages of the scourge were principally confined to 
the upper Missouri river. The information relating to it, in 
the form of letters from eye-witnesses, is so graphic and 
complete that the story will be told mainly in their lan- 
guage.? 

The plague was introduced through the annual steamboat, 
St. Peters, of the American Fur Company, which, accord- 
ing to Larpenteur, arrived at Fort Union on the 24th of 
June, 1837. Some accounts say that there was but a single 
case on board, but it appears certain that there were several. 
The course of the American Fur Company on this occasion 
was in many respects culpable, for, knowing the terrible 
effects of the disease, it should not have permitted the 
infected boat to visit the tribes. The situation, however, 
was a very difficult one to deal with. The Indians expected 
the boat and knew that it had many goods for them, and if 


*My authorities are principally letters from the American Fur 
Company’s posts at Union, Pierre, and Clark. In the preface of Maxi- 
milian’s work, English edition, 1843, there is a powerful pen picture in 
the form of a letter written the following year, June 6, 1838, from New 
Orleans. In Audubon’s Missouri Journals there is an account of the 
scourge among the Mandans, received from Francis A. Chardon, in 
charge of Fort Clark at the time. Like most history which is fur- 
nished by individual traders the attempt to magnify the narrator’s part 
in the events related robs the narrative of much of its reliability. 
Charles Larpenteur, who was at Union at the time, gives some valuable 
data concerning the commencement of the plague. See Forty Years a 
Fur Trader, Coues, 1808. 


ATTEMPTS TO AVERT THE CALAMITY. 621 


it had failed to arrive they could never have been made to un- 
derstand that it was not because of an attempt to rob them. 
Moreover, to have returned and sent up another steamboat 
would have been impossible, for the river would have been 
too low by that time. As the company would be the great- 
est sufferer from an epidemic among the Indians, they can 
not be accused of any selfish motives in the course they pur- 
sued. Nevertheless that course was very ill-advised. It 
would have been better to have put the goods on shore, 
and have fumigated them, and then to have taken them 
up in keelboats. Such, however, was not the decision. 
Although the disease had broken out before the boat 
reached Pierre, and had several victims before it reached the 
Mandans, it pursued its way clear through to Union, carry- 
ing with it one of the most awful scourges that ever befell 
any people. 

The company’s officers tried to avert the calamity by the 
impossible expedient of keeping the Indians away from the 
boat. But the Indians could not be restrained. They 
knew that the boat had goods for them, and suspected that 
it was all a ruse to cheat them. It was in vain to expostu- 
late, implore and explain. They were deaf to all entreaty. 
When the boat arrived at Fort Clark a Mandan chief stole 
the blanket of a watchman upon the boat who was dying of 
the disease. Mr. Chardon made every effort for the imme- 
diate return of the blanket, promised pardon for the theft, 
and new blankets in its place, but all to no purpose. He 
sent messengers warning the people to keep away. and used 
every argument in his power, but the whole village came 
down to the river. 

The disease broke out among the Mandans about June 
15, and continued as long as there was any one left to attack. 
It raged with a virulence never before known. Deaths were 
almost instantaneous. The victim was seized with pains 
in the head and back, and in a few hours was dead. The 
body immediately turned black and swelled to thrice its 
natural size. Nearly everyone who was attacked died. 


622 TERRIBLE SCENES. 


When the Indians found that the warnings of the whites 
were true, and realized the character of the calamity that 
was upon them, it produced the most profound effect upon 
their feelings. Some were for taking summary vengeance 
upon the whites, but before they could carry out their pur- 
pose the hand of death was upon them. Others who saw 
it felt that the Great Spirit had stricken them for attempting 
to injure their friends. They would then supplicate the 
whites to defend them, imploring their forgiveness for not 
having listened to them. But the whites were now power- 
less. The disease spread rapidly. Hundreds died daily. 
It was impossible to bury them, and the bodies were thrown 
in heaps over a cliff and the terrible stench infected the air 
for miles around. 

In the presence of this disaster, without power to stay or 
avert it, the Indians became desperate. Many committed 
suicide by shooting, stabbing, or drowning. One chief, 
before he was stricken, but feeling that he soon would be, 
commanded his wife to dig his grave. Sorrowfully she 
obeyed his command, and when the work was done her war- 
rior threw himself into it, and seizing his knife, stabbed him- 
self to death. His broken-hearted squaw went back to her 
tent and child, where both were to meet a more terrible fate 
ere another sun should pass over their heads. Two young 
men just stricken with the disease conferred with each other 
as to the best way to end their existence, and having agreed 
on the method, fearlessly carried it into execution. Every 
day was crowded with these pathetic and soul-stirring inci- 
dents as the pestilence carried away victim after victim. 
Tenderness and compassion at last became blurred in the 
presence of the terrible calamity. The Indians sought to 
avoid each other by wandering singly upon the prairie. and 
finding subsistence wherever they could. 

Thus the great tribe of the Mandans was literally led to 
the slaughter. Only about thirty persons remained, and 
these were mostly boys and old men. ‘“ No language can 
picture,” says one writer, “the scene of desolation which 


THE PLAGUE INTRODUCED AT FORT UNION. 623 


the country presents. In whatever direction we go we see 
nothing but melancholy wrecks of human life. The tents 
are still standing on every hill, but no rising smoke an- 
nounces the presence of human beings, and no sounds, but 
the croaking of the raven and the howling of the wolf, inter- 
rupt the fearful silence.”’ 

Of all the tribes the Mandans suffered the most severely, 
and came very near actual extermination. A band of the 
Aricaras were encamped near by, and for some unaccounta- 
ble reason escaped the disease until after it had wrought 
terrific ravages among the Mandans. The latter were sus- 
picious of this, and thought that the whites were in league 
with the Aricaras. But they were soon undeceived, for the 
pestilence broke out among them later, and nearly anni- 
hilated that tribe as well. It also made great inroads 
among the Minnetarees. 

The introduction of smallpox at Fort Union would 
seem to have been as certain as any sublunary sequence of 
cause and effect, but no adequate measures were taken to 
prevent it. Besides the infected cargo which had to be 
unloaded, one of the passengers, Jacob Halsey, well known 
on the river as clerk and partner of the Upper Missouri 
Outfit, was already sick when he arrived, but nevertheless 
took up his residence at the fort. Halsey had been vacci- 
nated and the disease was not malignant in his case, 
although it was a severe shock to a constitution naturally 
not strong and further weakened by habitual dissipation. 
As Halsey’s was the only case, it was thought that the 
spread of the disease could be circumvented. But Mr. E. 
T. Denig, another well-known clerk of the company, had it, 
though not fatally, and then a squaw was carried off with 
it. The only Indians at the post at the time were some 
thirty squaws, and now as the spread of the infection was 
hopelessly certain, “ prompt measures were adopted,” in 
the language of Larpenteur, “to prevent an epidemic.” 
These measures were no other than the vaccination of all 
the squaws with the smallpox virus itself, there being no 


624 HEROIC REMEDY. 


regular vaccine matter at the fort. The poor squaws knew 
no better and meekly submitted to the operation. “ Their 
systems ” were “ prepared according to Dr. Thomas’ Med- 
ical Book,” and they were vaccinated from Halsey him- 
self. This course was adopted, Larpenteur assures us, with 
cynical coolness, “‘ with a view to have it all over and every- 
thing all cleaned up before any Indians should come in, on 
their fall trade, which commenced early in September.” 
Such is the astonishing confession of one of the American 
Fur Company’s servants, and such was the desperate length 
to which the traders would go when the :nterests of their 
business could be promoted. Thirty squaws, imprisoned 
within the palisades, were deliberately sacrificed to one of 
the most loathsome pests in nature, in order “to have it all 
over and everything cleaned up” before the company’s 
trade should be injured. 

But this heroic purpose utterly miscarried. Larpenteur 
says that the mistake made was in not vaccinating from a 
person of sound physical constitution, which Halsey did 
not have, as if a disease which was at that moment raging 
farther down the river with unprecedented power could be 
much intensified by being communicated from an unsound 
constitution! The result of this culpable oversight was, in 
the terse and unsentimental language of Larpenteur, that 
“the operation proved fatal to most of our patients.” ? It 
seems never to have occurred to him that he and his abettors 
were red-handed violators of the Sixth Commandment. He 
goes ontosay: “ About 15 days afterward there was such 
a stench in the fort that it could be smelt at a distance of 
300 yards. It was awful—the scene in the fort, where 
some went crazy, and others were half eaten up by maggots 
before they died.” This was during the hottest part of 
summer. 

* Halsey’s own evidence, as written some five months later, is differ- 
ent. He says: “A few days afterward there were 27 persons ill with 
it, out of which number 4 proved fatal.” But Halsey had good reason 


to conceal the true results of the desperate act for which he, as in 
charge of the fort, was responsible. 


LARPENTEUR AND BRAZEAU. 625 


As if fate were bent on making the worst of a bad situa- 
tion, the Indians began coming in to trade while the epi- 
demic was at its height. Halsey says that the fort was 
absolutely closed to them and they were entreated to keep 
away, but that probably the “air was infected’’ with the 
disease ‘‘ for half a mile without the pickets.” Larpenteur 
says that they did open the door to a celebrated chief, “ but 
on showing him a little boy who had not recovered, and 
whose face was still one solid scab, by holding him over the 
pickets, the Indians finally concluded to leave.” Whatever 
the facts, the fearful truth is that the pestilence got abroad. 
It first spread among the Assiniboines, who were the Indians 
that had come to the fort, and it raged among them until 
winter. Halsey, who left Union in October, says that at 
that time it was “raging with the greatest destructiveness 
imaginable — at least ten out of twelve die with it.” 

At Fort Union in these trying times one John Brazeau, a 
familiar name in those days on the upper rivers, was under- 
taker, and seemed to take a fiendish satisfaction in his new 
occupation. ‘“ How many?” Larpenteur would ask him of 
a morning now and then. “ Only three, sir, but according 
to appearances at the hospital, I think I shall have a full 
load tomorrow or next day.” These two worthies missed 
their opportunity in life by coming upon the stage at the 
wrong time and place. They would have found a more 
congenial atmosphere among the gruesome scenes around 
the French guillotines of Ninety-Three. 

In spite of the destructive ravages of the disease among 
the Assiniboines they still came in to trade, and the busi- 
ness did not fall off as much as had been expected. Lar- 
penteur says that when the Indians were asked how it was, 
under the circumstances, that “there were so many robes 
brought in, they would say laughingly that they expected to 
die soon and wanted to have a frolic till the end came.” 

The pestilence reached the Blackfeet through another 
most culpable act of negligence on the part of the company’s 
officers. An Indian of that nation was permitted to get on 


626 EFFECT UPON THE TRIBES. 


the St. Peters at the mouth of the Little Missouri and then 
to go to his people before it was known whether he had 
taken the disease or not. The Crow post, Van Buren, was 
also infected, most likely through other acts of negligence. 
The disease ran its usual course there, but the Crows at the 
time were on Wind river, and escaped until later in the fall. 
But before the end of the year all the tribes of the Missouri 
valley above the Sioux had been stricken and the extent of 
the calamity was well-nigh appalling. 

The effect upon the tribes was various. The Assiniboines 
were for open hostility to the whites, to whom they rightly 
attributed the direful visitation. They did not, however, 
come to any overt act. The Blackfeet, on the other hand, 
were completely humbled. One band had been on the point 
of making war upon the whites, and the smallpox appealed 
to them as the judgment of Heaven for thus attempting to 
injure their friends. For the most part all the tribes 
behaved remarkably well, and the trade did not suffer so 
much as had been expected. In the following winter it 
began to fall off, and although buffalo were more plenty than 
had been known for years, there were few Indians to hunt 
them. 

It was a severe blow to the traders. In a letter of Feb- 
ruary 25, 1838, from Pratte, Chouteau and Company to Mr. 
Pierre Chouteau, Jr., one of the firm, then on his way to 
New York, we read: ‘“‘ Late last evening Provost arrived, 
and this morning (Sunday) we have all been occupied in 
perusing the melancholy details of plague, pestilence and 
devastation, ruined hopes and blasted expectations.” It 
then recounts the loss of the various tribes, and the pros- 
pects for the ensuing year. And in an earlier communica- 
tion to Halsey on the upper Missouri, the company said 
that the calamity was “calculated to fill us with dismay as 
regards the trade of the Missouri for some years to come. 
We can only view it as a visitation of Providence with 
which, though it be vain for us to contend, it behooves us 
to make the best of existing circumstances; to put forth 


MORTALITY AMONG THE INDIANS. 627 


all our energies; and by pursuing a course of strict econ- 
omy in our expenditures, with kind and conciliatory con- 
duct to the Indians who have escaped this dreadful pesti- 
lence, endeavor, by prudence, fortitude, and perseverance, 
to support ourselves under the melancholy scourge.” 

The real mortality during this memorable plague has been 
variously estimated. Audubon, upon the authority of 
Mitchell, places it, among all tribes, at 150,000, an impossi- 
ble figure, for it would have meant the total annihilation of 
all the tribes where it prevailed. Another estimate was 
60,000. This also seems impossible. Judging from 
detailed estimates, gleaned from various sources, it seems 
hardly probable that the total mortality of the Missouri 
river tribes amounted to more than 15,000. But consider- 
ing the population of these several tribes—Blackfeet, Crows, 
Assiniboines, Mandans, Minnetarees, and Aricaras — even 
this diminished estimate makes a mortality almost without 
parallel in the history of plagues. It fully justifies the pow- 
erful word picture which is given in the letter already 
quoted from the works of Maximilian: “The destroying 
angel has visited the unfortunate sons of the wilderness 
with terrors never before known, and has converted the 
extensive hunting grounds, as well as the peaceful settle- 
ments of these tribes, into desolate and boundless cemeteries. 

The warlike spirit which but lately animated the 
several Indian tribes, and but a few months ago gave reason 
to apprehend the breaking out of a sanguinary war, is 
broken. The mighty warriors are now the prey of the 
greedy wolves, and the few survivors, in utter despair, 
throw themselves on the pity of the whites, who, however, 
can do little for them. The vast preparations for the pro- 
tection of the western frontier are superfluous; another arm 
has undertaken the defense of the white inhabitants of the 
frontier; and the funeral torch, that lights the red man to 
his dreary grave, has become the auspicious star of the 
advancing settler and the roving trader of the white race.”’ 


CHAPTER VE: 


MILITARY OCCUPATION. 


Early military expeditions — Question of advanced military occupa- 
tion — Post at Council Bluffs — Founding of Fort Leavenworth — Col. 
Dodge’s expedition from Fort Gibson — Deadly malaria — Col. Dodge’s 
expedition of 1835—Summary of military occupation. 


FS early as the year 1807 the armed forces of the United 

States had ascended the whole course of the Missouri 
river, had crossed to the Pacific, had ascended the Arkansas 
river nearly to its source and had penetrated to the gates of 
Santa Fe. But these expeditions were chiefly in the nature 
of explorations, and were not intended to be followed up by 
immediate military occupation. 

In 1807 a small detachment of troops was sent up the 
Missouri to conduct back to his home the Mandan chief 
whom Lewis and Clark had brought down the previous 
year. This expedition met with disaster at the Aricara 
villages and was forced to return. No permanent occupa- 
tion of any advanced point was intended in this case. 
There was at this time no post west of the immediate vicin- 
ity of the Mississippi in the valley of the Missouri. 

In 1808 Fort Osage, or Fort Clark, as it was also called, 
was founded and garrisoned with a small force. Here 
also was established the only government factory for the 
Indian trade west of the Mississippi river. The post was 
not occupied continuously and was abandoned altogether 
upon the founding of Fort Leavenworth.! 


"The following references indicate the unsettled state of this post: 
Letter from George C. Sibley, government factor at Fort Osage, 
September 25, 1813: “I will therefore briefly tell you now that early 


THE YELLOWSTONE EXPEDITIONS. 629 


In 1819 took place the important military expedition 
under General Atkinson known as the Yellowstone Expedi- 
tion. It resulted in the establishment of a post of eight 
years’ duration near the present site of Omaha, Nebraska. 
The post was known successively under the names of Camp 
Missouri, Fort Atkinson, and Fort Calhoun, the last name 
having descended to the present day. 

The next important military move was the campaign 

against the Aricaras under Colonel Leavenworth in 1823. 
It resulted in no permanent advance. 
- In 1825 General Atkinson and Major O’Fallon, commis- 
sioned to conclude treaties with the Missouri Indians, pro- 
ceeded with a formidable military escort from Fort Atkin- 
son to a point one hundred and twenty miles above the 
mouth of the Yellowstone. The expedition resulted in per- 
manent occupation of none of the country passed through. 

The Yellowstone expeditions had their origin in a desire 
on the part of the government, created largely by the agi- 
tation of the frontier settlements, to overawe the tribes 
of the Missouri by acquainting them with the military 
power of the United States, to counteract British influence 
along the frontier, and to establish a line of posts leading 
to the headwaters of the Missouri and possibly beyond. 
Estimates had been prepared by the War Department show- 
ing the cost of carrying such a movement across the con- 
tinent. But the plan never succeeded. General Atkinson 
upon his return in 1825 set at rest the rumors of British 
intrigue along the borders, for he had not succeeded in find- 
in last June Fort Osage was evacuated and the factory broken up.” 

Letter from Sibley, July 10, 1819: “ When they [the Yellowstone 


Expedition] arrive, this fort will be broken up, and I shall be left here 
pretty much alone.” 

The fort was as good as abandoned in 1822, for Jacob Fowler, who 
passed there in July of that year, informs us that “the garrison at this 
time Was commanded by one officer of the united States armey—Hayv- 
ing two men under Command Both of them Having disarted a few 
days ago and Carreyed off all His amenition.”—Journal of Jacob 
Fowler, p. 173. 


630 FOUNDING OF FORT LEAVENWORTH. 


ing any evidence of it. He advised against the necessity 
of military posts in that quarter, but recommended the 
mouth of the Yellowstone, if one were decided on. For 
protection of the traders he rightly considered the Three 
Forks of the Missouri as the most important location; but 
even here he considered that the benefits would fall short 
of the sacrifice. Acting upon General Atkinson’s advice, 
the government did not advance beyond Council Bluffs. 

Fort Atkinson was occupied until 1827, mostly by the 
6th Infantry; but the unhealthiness of the place, and other 
considerations, led to its abandonment, which took place on 
June 27th of that year, the regiment returning to Jefferson 
Barracks. 

Fort Leavenworth was established in pursuance of orders 
from the headquarters of the Army, dated March 7, 1827, 
directing Colonel Leavenworth to select a site within twen- 
ty miles above or below the mouth of the Little Platte river. 
On the 17th of April four companies of the Third Regi- 
ment, U. S. Infantry, left Jefferson Barracks under the 
immediate command of Captain W. G. Belknap for the pur-. 
pose of establishing and garrisoning the post. Colonel 
Leavenworth was unable to find a suitable location on the 
east bank, and finally chose the site where Fort Leavenworth 
now stands. ‘The choice was a fortunate one and does cred- 
it to the officer whose name was given to the fort. The 
selection was reported on May 8th to the War Department 
and. was duly approved there. Major Ketchum, in the 
meanwhile, arrived from Council Bluffs, May 4th, with the 
public property from that place and the transfer from old 
Fort Atkinson to new Fort Leavenworth was thus accom- 
plished. | 

The establishment of this post was mainly due to the 
growing importance of the locality near the mouth of the 
Kansas river as a starting point for parties bound for the 
mountains and for Santa Fe. Experience had shown the 
need of a post here rather than at Council Bluffs. The 
distance of twenty miles above or below the mouth of 


EXPEDITION FROM FORT GIBSON. 631 


the Little Platte embraced the territory where Kansas City 
now stands, really a more commanding situation for the 
protection and control of the trade, but Colonel Leaven- 
worth does not seem to have approved of it. 

Fort Leavenworth played an exceedingly important role 
in the history of the fur trade, not so much on account 
of its military character as from its relation to the regula- 
tions governing the Indian trade. In particular it was 
charged with the inspection of cargoes, the examination 
of licenses, and a strict enforcement of the rules against 
introducing liquor into the Indian country. No military 
operations of importance were conducted from it during 
the period covered by our present work except on two 
occasions when military escorts accompanied the Santa Fe 
caravans —in 1829 and in 1834. ‘These have been de- 
scribed in our Santa Fe chapters. 

In 1834 Colonel Dodge conducted a military expedition 
from Fort Gibson westward for the purpose of reducing 
the Indians along the Santa Fe route to submission. The 
expedition left Fort Gibson June 15, 1834, and encoun- 
tered several villages of Indians about July 22nd. Three 
days later it started back and reached Fort Gibson August 
15th. George Catlin was with this expedition. 

This movement, which was ordered from Washington, 
seems to have been very ill-advised, and it resulted most 
disastrously. It took place during the heat of summer and 
a deadly malaria prevailed all the time. Several officers, in- 
cluding Colonel Leavenworth and his aide and many enlist- 
ed men, died. Catlin very nearly lost his life. The follow- 
ing graphic description of this unfortunate expedition is 
from the pen of one of the officers who accompanied it: 

“It is painful to dwell upon this subject. Nature would 
seem to have conspired with an imbecile military admin- 
istration for the destruction of the regiment. On, on they 
marched, over the parched plains whence all moisture had 
shrunk, as from the touch of fire; their martial pomp 
and show dwindled to a dusty speck in the midst of a 


632 DEADLY MALARIA. 


boundless plain; disease and death struck them as they 
moved; with the false mirage ever in view, with glassy 
eyes, and parched tongues, they seemed upon a sea of 
fire. They marched on, leaving three-fourths of their num- 
ber stretched by disease in many sick camps; there, not: 
only destitute of every comfort, but exposed with burning 
fevers to the horrors of the unnatural heat —it was the 
death of hope. The horses too were lost by scores. In one 
sick camp, they were in great danger of massacre by a 
horde of Comanche Indians, who had established them- 
selves near by; and were in all probability only saved by 
the judgment and determination of the officer in command, 
the lamented Izard; and he was fortunately indebted to his 
experience on the Santa Fe expedition. In the face of 
overwhelming numbers, he kept every man who could pos- 
sibly bear arms on constant guard; and opposed at the 
point of the bayonet the passage of a single Indian over their 
slight breastwork. He knew the influence of dauntless 
boldness over Indians, who dread every loss, and seek 
the attainment of their ends by cunning and management ; 
thus on friendly pretences they sought admittance singly, 
with a view gradually to obtain the power to crush the 
small force at a blow. 

“General Leavenworth and his aide stopped. They both 
lost their lives. Colonel Dodge, with 150 of the hardiest 
constitutions, persevered and overcame every obstacle; they 
reached the Tow-e-ash village, in a picturesque valley, amid 
mountainous precipices and rocks; such he discovered to be 
the name of a numerous tribe who altogether with the 
Comanches, Kiowas, and Arapahoes had hitherto been con- 
founded under the name of Pawnees. 

“There, perhaps within the boundary of Mexico, was made 
this first though feeble demonstration of the power and 
ubiquity of the white man. Some breath was expended 
in an effort to mediate peace between these wandering sav- 
age robbers and their red neighbors of our border; as 
availing as it would be to attempt to establish a truce 


STATE OF MILITARY OCCUPATION. 633 


between the howling wolf of the prairie and his prey.” ? 


In 1835 Colonel Dodge made another expedition into 
the prairie, this time from Fort Leavenworth. His route 
lay up the Platte and South Platte rivers to the mountains; 
thence south to the Arkansas; and home by the Santa Fe 
Trail. The expedition is said to have been set on foot for 
the purpose of putting a stop to outrages by the Aricara 
Indians in the upper valley of the Platte. 

It will thus be seen that, prior to 1843, actual military 
occupation of the Western country did not extend beyond 
Fort Leavenworth. The various expeditions into the inte- 
rior, however, had served to give the military authorities a 
fairly accurate knowledge of the entire region. The ex- 
‘tensive operations of the traders contributed to the same 
end and in later years some of them were always present 
with the troops in the capacity of guides wherever move- 
ments were made into new parts of the country. The gov- 
ernment was therefore well prepared for the great military 
problems with which it was soon to be called upon to deal. 


* Scenes and Adventures in the United States Army, by P. St. G. 
Cooke, Colonel Second Dragoons U. S. A., Philadelphia, 1850. 


CHAPTER VIL. 


GEOGRAPHICAL AND SCIENTIFIC EXPLORATIONS. 


Lewis and Clark and Pike — Bradbury — Nuttall — Townsend — 
Brackenridge — Prince Paul of Wurtemburg— Catlin — Maximilian — 
Nicollet — Wislizenus — Other explorers. 


QE field of official exploration was but slightly devel- 
oped during the period from 1807 to 1843. The 
expeditions of Lewis and Clark and Pike were in the true 
sense exploring expeditions, and their results were of the 
highest importance. Though by profession soldiers, these 
officers were also accurate observers, and not unworthy pio- 
neers in the field of scientific investigation which, at a later 
date, was so thoroughly occupied by men of more specific 
qualifications. Their reports upon the geology, fauna, 
flora, and the native tribes, were in general sound and dis- 
criminating, and justly entitle them to high standing in the 
history of scientific research in the Western country. 

In the years 1809-11 John Bradbury the English natural- 
ist did much important work in the valleys of the Missouri 
and Mississippi. Bradbury was a remarkable man — one 
has only to read the journal of his voyage up the Missouri 
in 1811 to see that. His devotion to his pursuits was the 
wonder of all who observed them. There was no hardship 
too severe for him to undergo. One can but shiver to 
read of his stripping and swimming unbridged and unford- 
able streams of the upper country in March, carrying his 
clothes on a stick, and then dressing and proceeding as if 
nothing had happened. The simple-minded voyageurs 
could never comprehend him, and the practical trader was 
constantly put to his wit’s end to restrain him from danger- 


Gate 


JOHN BRADBURY. 635 


a 


boats i § 
ous excursions into the country beyond the reach of th 


boat’s protection. 

An amusing example of Bradbury’s devotion to his stud- 
ies is afforded in his record of his journey down the Mis- 
souri after parting with Hunt and Lisa in 1811. Henry 
M. Brackenridge was with him. One day a terrible storm 
swept down upon them almost without warning. It caught 
them on the leeward side of the river against high abrupt 
banks where no landing could be found. Their case seemed 
desperate, but finally they found a solitary shrub that prom- 
ised strength to moor the boat to, and here they made fast 
and awaited in imminent peril the abating of the storm. 
But great as was the danger it did not deter the naturalist 
from examining the friendly bush, and he gives us its full 
botanical name in the narrative. 

Bradbury’s well-known book, Travels in North America, 
is one of the most useful works of this period, and one 
which the careful student of Louisiana history never fails 
to consult. It is the best existing authority on many points, 
and on some the only one. Irving drew largely upon it in 
his narrative of Hunt’s voyage up the Missouri. 

Thomas Nuttall, Bradbury’s traveling companion on the 
Missouri voyage, rivaled him in his close devotion to his 
studies. Nuttall is the individual about whom Bracken- 
ridge relates a story that more than offsets the incident 
above related about Bradbury: ‘‘ The day after passing 
the Sioux,” says Brackenridge, “‘ they met, as I have before 
mentioned, three hundred Aricara Indians; these were so 
delighted to see them that a number rushed into the river, 
to swim or wade to the boats; the party, supposing them 
to be inimical, was on the point of firing; while every one 
was in momentary expectation that this would take place, 
Nuttall, who appeared to have been examining them very 
attentively, turned to Miller. ‘Sir,’ said he, ‘don’t you 
think these Indians much fatter, and more robust than those 
of yesterday?’ ”’ 

“To the ignorant Canadian boatman,” as Brackenridge 


636 NUTTALL, BRACKENRIDGE, AND TOWNSEND. 


elsewhere says, “it affords a subject of merriment. Le 
fou, the fool, is the name by which he is commonly known, 
No sooner does the boat touch the shore than he leaps out, 
and when his attention is arrested by a plant or flower every- 
thing else is forgotten. The inquiry is sometimes made 
“Ou est le fou?’ (Where is the fool?) ‘JI est aprés ram- 
masser des racines. (He is gathering roots.)”’ 

In 1834 Nuttall and J. K. Townsend crossed the con- 
tinent with the missionaries Jason and Daniel Lee. They 
went under the protection of Nathaniel J. Wyeth as far 
as to Snake river. Both of these gentlemen published the 
results of their observations, and Townsend’s book in par- 
ticular is full of intelligent references to the events of the 
mountains. It is thus of historic as well as scientific value. 

Henry M. Brackenridge ascended the Missouri with Lisa 
in 1811, and he and Bradbury were the peacemakers in 
the celebrated quarrel between Lisa and Hunt. Bracken- 
ridge was a young man of good education, very observing, 
and a promising young writer. His View of Louisiana, 
and his journal of his voyage up the Missouri, like Brad- 
bury’s Travels, are among our most reliable early authori- 
ties. 

After 1811 no scientific parties or individuals penetrated 
the fur countries until 1819-20 when Major Long and his 
corps of scientists made their expeditions. The published 
results of this expedition have already been noticed. 

In 1823 an individual referred to in the Chouteau corre- 
spondence as Prince Paul of Wurtemburg, went up the river 
and passed the winter. He returned to New Orleans in the 
summer of 1824. In 1829 he again went up and was found 
among the Mandans April 22, 1830, by Joshua Pilcher, who 
was then returning from his tour of the Hudson Bay 
Company posts. The purpose of his journey, as stated in 
the correspondence, was the “ pursuit of knowledge.” He 
left Fort Tecumseh in August, 1830, and was in St. Louis 
in October of that year. In reference to this last visit 
a local paper under date of January 29, 1830, had the 


GEORGE CATLIN. 637 


following: “ Paul William of Wurtemburg, nephew of the 
King of England, arrived at New Orleans the Ist inst., from 
Europe. About six years ago he spent some time exploring 
the upper regions of the Missouri, but business requiring his 
return to Europe, he has revisited the American hemisphere 
and will, in the prosecution of his former plan, cross the 
Rocky mountains and visit the continent on the Pacific. 
He is in his 33rd year.’ He does not seem to have crossed 
the continent at this time for he was back in St. Louis 
in the fall of 1830. There is no record of his making any 
other trip up the Missouri. 

In 1832 George Catlin, the well-known Indian painter, 
ascended the Missouri to Fort Union on the first steamer 
that ever reached that point. He descended by skiff in 
the fall, having made a large number of sketches of scenes 
in the upper country, and many portraits of the Indians 
and traders. Subsequently Catlin visited other portions of 
Western America, and even of South America and Europe. 
His paintings and sketches, as well as his published works, 
are well known. He undoubtedly did a great work in pre- 
serving in pictorial form a condition of life that no longer 
- exists except in history. He was a true and passionate friend 
of the Indian and an ardent worshiper of everything pertain- 
ing to aboriginal customs and life. His works, like those of 
Maximilian, will always be resorted to by students of the 
native races and early conditions of the Missouri valley. 
The contrast between the methods of these two men, how- 
ever, was most marked. Maximilian was a scientist — dis- 
criminating and accurate in his observations and careful 
and conservative in recording his impressions. Catlin was 
a visionary enthusiast upon a single theme, the American 
Indian. He saw everything pertaining to the natives 
through highly colored glasses, and, as if that were not 
enough, he recklessly exaggerated his impressions when he 
attempted to record them with his pen or pencil. He was 
distrusted by those who knew him in the West and was 
more than once taken to task by his contemporaries. Au- 


638 MAXIMILIAN, PRINCE OF WIED. 


dubon for example flatly insinuates that he was dishonest. 
Parkman characterizes him as a “garrulous and windy writ- 
er.” It is regrettable that one who did so much work of real 
worth should have marred it by a characteristic which 
throws doubt upon the accuracy of it all. 

In the year 1833 Maximilian, Prince of Wied, ascended 
the river, visiting Forts Union, McKenzie and Clark, and 
wintering at the latter post. He traveled at this time under 
the name of the Baron of Brausenburg, and is always so 
referred to in the correspondence. He passed a most mis- 
erable winter at Fort Clark, owing to a scarcity of provi- 
sions that amounted almost to a famine, and to insufficient 
shelter and a very severe winter. He was so ill at one time 
that his life was despaired of. He was accompanied by a 
small party among whom was a skilful artist by the name 
of Bodmer. The Prince, upon his return to Europe, pub- 
lished the results of his labors in the most complete and 
elaborate work ever prepared upon this region. It is much 
to be regretted that it is so inaccessible to the public. The 
most convenient edition to American readers is: Travels 
im The Interior of North America by Maximilian, Prince 
of Wied, With Numerous Engravings on Wood and a 
Large Map Translated from the German by H. Evans Lloyd. 
To Accompany the Original Series of Eighty-one Elabor- 
ately Colored Plates, Size, Imperial Folio. London, Acker- 
mann & Co., 96 Strand, MDCCCXLIII. The work covers 
a great variety of subjects — narrative, anecdote, history, 
ethnology, geology, natural history — and omitting a few 
minor errors, it is exceedingly accurate, discriminating and 
judicious in all its scope. It ranks with Astoria, Bonne- 
ville, and the Commerce of the Prairies, as a descriptive 
work, while it is far ahead of the others in the elaborate 
character of its illustrations. In this respect it has no com- 
petitor, or only a feeble one in Catlin. 

Between 1836 and 1840 J. N. Nicollet carried on several 
valuable explorations in the valleys of the Mississippi and 
Missouri rivers. In 1839 he ascended the Missouri as far 


NICOLLET AND WISLIZENUS. 639 


as to Fort Pierre and then crossed the country by way of 
James river, Devil’s Lake, Red river and the St. Peter’s 
to the Mississippi. John C. Fremont served his apprentice- 
ship on these expeditions. Nicollet was one of the most 
industrious, indefatigable, earnest, and accurate of the 
American explorers, and the map which embodied the re- 
sults of his labors was, in the opinion of General G. K. 
Warren, “one of the greatest contributions ever made to 
American Geography.”’ 

In 1839 Dr. F. A. Wislizenus of St. Louis made an expe- 
dition to the Rocky mountains and in the following year 
published the result of his observations in a little volume 
printed in German and now rarely seen. It is an exceeding- 
ly important contribution to our knowledge of the period 
and an interesting and ably written work. 

The work of Father De Smet is considered in the next 
chapter. 

In 1842 the government entered in earnest upon its long 
and important work of official exploration of the country 
west of the Mississippi. This was the year of Fremont’s 
first expedition to the Rocky mountains. His work per- 
tains entirely to the period following that here considered, 
and it is referred to in this connection as an interesting 
link between the two, 


CTAP DER VITT 


MISSIONARY WORK. 


Early missionary effort— The Nez Perce or Flathead deputation — 
The popular version— The true version— The sensation caused by 
this deputation— The Protestant missions — Catholic missions — Fa- 
ther DeSmet. 


N the Far West, as in every other field which the genius 
of the explorer has made known to the world, the 
followers of the Cross have zealously proclaimed to the 
native races the tidings of the Christian religion. The real 
work of the missionaries west of the Missouri belongs to a 
later period than 1843, and only the foundations were laid 
prior to this time. Most of the Protestant denominations, 
and the Catholics as well, had missions among the lower 
tribes of the Missouri; but in only two or three instances 
were any important advancements made into the country 
beyond. Such as there were relate to the Oregon mission- 
aries whose field of labor lay beyond the territory, and 
extended beyond the period, embraced in this work. The 
present consideration of this subject will therefore be limited 
to an inquiry into the origin of these missions and a refer- 
ence to the early pilgrimages across the plains. 

The inception of the Oregon missions, both Protestant 
and Catholic, is connected with an event which has about 
it an air of inspiring romance, well calculated to arouse 
the ardor of those devoted to the propagation of the Chris- 
tian faith. In its orthodox form, as set forth by the latest 
biographer of Marcus Whitman,’ the story is as follows: 
In the summer of 1832 four Nez Perce Indians? made 


*How Marcus Whitman Saved Oregon, O. W. Nixon, Chicago, 1895. 
*See Part V., Chapter X. 


SPEECH OF THE INDIAN. 641 


their way to St. Louis for the avowed purpose of getting 
some one to go and preach to their people the white man’s 
religion of which they had heard through the Catholic 
voyageurs from Canada. They were entertained by Gen- 
eral Clark, who did all in his power to interest them, show- 
ing them whatever was worth seeing, and giving them 
the best of accommodations. They were féted and feasted 
to such an extent that it made them sick, and two of their 
number died during the winter. As spring approached the 
other two prepared to return home and decided to go by 
way of the American Fur Company’s steamer as far as 
they could. Before their departure General Clark gave 
them a banquet and at this banquet one of the Indians made 
a speech which has now become celebrated in the annals of 
missionary work among the Western Indians. The Indian 
is reported to have said: 

“*T come to you over the trail of many moons from the 
setting sun. You were the friends of my fathers, who 
have all gone the long way. I came with an eye partly 
open for my people, who sit in darkness. I go back with 
both eyes closed. How can I go back blind, to my blind 
people? I made my way to you with strong arms through 
many enemies and strange lands that I might carry back 
much to them. I go back with both arms broken and emp- 
ty. Two fathers came with us, they were the braves of 
many winters and wars. We leave them asleep here by 
your great waters and wigwams. ‘They were tired in many 
moons and their moccasins wore out. 

““My people sent me to get the ‘ White Man’s Book of 
Heaven.’ You took me to where you allow your women 
to dance as we do not ours, and the book was not there. 
You took me to where they worship the Great Spirit with 
candles and the book was not there. You showed me 
images of the good spirits and the picture of the good land 
beyond, but the book was not among them to tell us the 
way. Iam going back the long and sad trail to my people 
in the dark land, You make my feet heavy with gifts 


642 CATLIN’S PICTURES: 


and my moccasins will grow old carrying them, yet the 
book is not among them. When I tell my poor blind people, 
after one more snow, in the big council, that I did not bring 
the book, no word will be spoken by our old men or by our 
young braves. One by one they will rise up and go out in 
silence. My people will die in darkness, and they will go 
a long path to other hunting grounds. No white man will 
go with them, and no White Man’s Book to make the way 
plain. I have no more words.” 

The day after the delivery of the speech they set out on 
the steamboat. George Catlin claims to have been a pas- 
senger on this same boat, and to have painted the portraits 
of these Indians without knowing their identity or the sin- 
gular purpose of their long journey. Afterward, upon 
learning the truth, he was delighted at his good fortune 
in having accidentally procured two portraits which could 
hardly fail to become of historic interest. They now consti- 
tute numbers 207 and 208 in his collection. 

“When this speech was translated,” says Dr. Nixon, 
“and sent East, it was published in the Christian Advocate 
in March, 1833, with a ringing editorial from President 
Fisk of Wilbraham College. ‘Who will respond to go 
beyond the Rocky mountains and carry the Book of Heav- 
en?’ It made a profound impression. It was a Macedo- 
nian cry of “ Come over and help us,’ not to be resisted. Old 
men and women who read this call, and attended the meet- 
ings at this time, are still living, and can attest to its power. 
It stirred the Church as it has seldom been stirred into activ- 
ity. 

The result of the spiritual agitation set on foot by the 
news of this deputation of Indians was that the Church in 
the East seriously took hold of the question of sending mis- 
sionaries into this new field, and as soon as the necessary 
preparations could be made, parties were sent out. Jason 
and Daniel Lee with several co-workers went out for the 
Methodists in 1834. Marcus Whitman and Samuel Parker 


= 


THE NEZ PERCE AND FLATHEAD INDIANS. 643 


for the Presbyterians followed in 1835 and 1836. The 
Catholics under De Smet followed in 1840. 

Returning now to the romance of the Flathead Indians, 
the actual facts, so far as they can be discovered, will be 
stated. The Nez Perce and Flathead Indians were the 
most religious of all the Western tribes, observing regularly 
their ceremonial rites, and evincing the greatest piety and 
fervency in their worship. They had heard of the white 
man’s religion through employes of the British traders 
and were anxious to learn more of it. It was not an 
uncommon thing for them to send deputations to St. Louis, 
nor was it so difficult a matter as one might suppose. The 
Rocky Mountain Fur Company went annually to the very 
borders of their country and they could accompany the 
outgoing and incoming caravans with perfect safety. The 
Catholic records in St. Louis show the arrival of three such 
deputations prior to 1840. One of these, consisting of a 
single Indian, arrived in the fall of 1831, but he died shortly 
after his arrival. A second deputation, consisting of a 
father and his two sons, arrived in 1835, and a third, consist- 
ing of two Indians, in 1839. The year following the Cath- 
olics sent out De Smet to establish a mission among them. 

The Catholics make no record of the deputation of 1832, 
but of the fact that one was sent there is the clearest proof. 
There is still extant a letter by one who saw these Indians 
and received from General Clark the purpose of their visit. 
His name was William Walker, a member of the Wyandotte 
nation with whom he served as interpreter. His letter 
shows that he was a man of intelligence. In November, 


* The record of this Indian’s burial is still in the archives of the St. 
Louis cathedral, and is of interest, not only for the record itself, but 
as proof of the well-known confusion that prevailed at the time in 
regard to the identity of the Nez Perce and Flathead tribes. The 
Indian was buried October 31, 1831; his name was Keepeelele; and he 
was a “ne Perce de la tribu des Choponeek, nation appellée Téte 
Plate.” 

I am indebted to Father Walter J. Hill, S. J., of the University of 
St. Louis, for the above interesting record. 


644 LETTER OF WILLIAM WALKER. 


1832, he went as representative of the Wyandottes to exam- 
ine certain lands in western Missouri which the government 
proposed to give to those Indians in exchange for their lands 
in Ohio. On his way through St. Louis Mr. Walker called 
upon General Clark and the latter directed his attention to 
three Flathead chiefs who were sick in the adjoining room, 
a fourth having died a few days before. After looking 
at the Indians he returned to General Clark’s room and 
heard from him the circumstances of their visit. Mr. 
Walker wrote the following account of the incident to G. P. 
Disoway, which was published in the Christian Advocate, 
March 1, 1833: “It appeared that some white man had 
penetrated into their country, and happened to be a specta- 
tor at one of their religious ceremonies, which they scrupu- 
lously perform at stated periods. He informed them that 
their mode of worshipping the Supreme Being was radi- 
cally wrong, and instead of being acceptable and pleasing, 
it was displeasing to Him; he also informed them that the 
white people away toward the rising of the sun had been 
put in possession of the true mode of worshipping the Great 
Spirit. They had a book containing directions how to con- 
duct themselves in order to enjoy His favor and hold con- 
verse with Him; and with this guide, no one need go 
astray, but every one that would follow the directions laid 
down there could enjoy, in this life, His favor, and after 
death would be received into the country where the Great 
Spirit resides, and live forever with Him. 

“Upon receiving this information they called a national 
council to take this subject into consideration. Some said, 
if this be true, it is certainly high time we were put in 
possession of this mode, and if our mode of worshipping be 
wrong and displeasing to the Great Spirit, it is time we 
laid it aside. We must know something more about this; 
it is a matter that can not be put off; the sooner we know 
it the better. They accordingly deputed four of their chiefs 
to proceed to St. Louis to see their Great Father General 


GENERAL CLARK INSTRUCTS THE INDIANS, 645 


Clark, to inquire of him, having no doubt that he would 
tell them the whole truth about it. 

“They arrived at St. Louis and presented themselves to 
General Clark. The latter was somewhat puzzled, being 
sensible of the responsibility that rested upon him; he, 
however, proceeded by informing them that what they had 
been told by the white man in their own country was 
true; then went into a succinct history of man from his 
creation down to the advent of the Saviour; explained to 
them all the moral precepts contained in the Bible; ex- 
pounded to them the Decalogue; informed them of the 
advent of the Saviour, His life, precepts, His death, resur- 
rection, ascension, and the relation He now stands to man 
as a mediator — that He will judge the world, etc. 

“ Poor fellows, they were not permitted to return home to 
their people with the intelligence. Two died in St. Louis, 
and the remaining two, though somewhat indisposed, set 
out for their native land. Whether they reached home or 
not is not known. ‘The change of climate and diet operated - 
very severely upon their health. Their diet when at home 
is chiefly vegetables and fish.” 

The paper containing this letter found its way to St. 
Louis, and elicited correspondence from several parties, 
including General Clark, Robert Campbell, E. W. Sehon, 
and others. Mr. Sehon’s letter, dated at St. Louis April 16, 
1833, was published in the Advocate on the 1oth of May 
following and throws additional light upon the origin of the 
Flathead visit. Itsays: ‘“ General Clark informed me that 
the publication which had appeared in the Advocate was 
correct. Of the return of the two Indians nothing is 
known. He informed me that the cause of their visit was 
the following: Two of their number had received an edu- 
cation at the Jesuitical school in Montreal, Canada, had re- 
turned to the tribe, and had endeavored as far as possible 
to instruct their brethren how the white man approached 
the Great Spirit. The consequence was a spirit of inquiry 
was aroused, a deputation was appointed, and a tedious 


646 THE ‘RINGING EDITORIAL.” 


journey of over three thousand miles performed, to learn 
for themselves of Jesus and Him crucified.” 

President Fisk published in the Advocate of March 22nd 
the following call which is probably the “ ringing editorial ”’ 
referred to by Dr. Nixon: 

“Hear! Hear! Who will respond to the call from be- 
yond the Rocky mountains? The communication of Broth- 
er G. P. Disoway, including one from the Wyandotte agent, 
on the subject of the deputation of the Flathead Indians 
to General Clark, has excited in many in this section intense 
interest. And to be short about it, we are for having a 
mission established there at once. I have proposed the 
following plan: Let two suitable men, unencumbered with 
families, and possessing the spirit of martyrs, throw them- 
selves into the nation; live with them — learn their lan- 
guage — preach Christ to them — and, as the way opens, 
introduce schools, agriculture, and the arts of civilized life. 
The means for these improvements can be introduced 


through the fur traders, and by the reinforcements with 


which from time to time we can strengthen the mission. 
Money shall be forthcoming. I will be bondsman for the 
Church. All we want is men. Who will go? Who? I 
know of one young man who I think will go; and of whom 
I can say, I know of none like him for the enterprise. If he 
will go (and we have written to him on the subject) we will 
only want another, and the mission will be commenced the 
coming season. . . . Were I young, healthy, and un- 
encumbered, how joyfully would I go! But this honor is 
reserved for another. Bright will be his crown, glorious 
his reward.’ 

The quotations above given make possible a very com- 
plete separation of truth from fiction in this noted incident. 
There was a deputation of four Flathead chiefs to St. Louis 
in the fall of 1832. Two of them died while in St. Louis. 
The other two departed before the end of the year, but how 
they returned is unknown. The story that they were féted 


“For these various letters, etc., see Appendix D. 


TRUE VERSION OF THE STORY. 647 


é 


and shown all the sights of the town is pure fiction. There 
was no banquet upon their departure. The famous oration 
was not made by one of their number but was a composi- 
tion of later date by some zealous individual whose identity 
has not yet been established. It did not appear in the 
Christian Advocate. George Catlin did not paint the por- 
traits of these Indians. His own trip up the Missouri river 
was in the spring of 1832; and furthermore, these Indians 
did not return by boat at all. 

It is not to be supposed, however, that the fictitious ro- 
mance which time has built up from this simple story is 
necessary to account for the results which it produced. 
The fact was that these Indians had traveled upward of 
two thousand miles to find instruction in the Christian 
religion, and the churches felt that it was nothing less than 
a merited rebuke for their own inactivity and lack of reli- 
gious zeal. Steps were at once taken to answer the call. 
In the year following that in which these publications were 
made the Methodists sent a strong delegation under Jason 
and Daniel Lee, who accompanied Wyeth’s expedition as far 
as the Snake river and made the rest of the way under differ- 
ent escort. In the following year the famous expedition 
of Marcus Whitman and Samuel Parker went out. Both 
of these enterprises bore fruit in Oregon. The Methodist 
missions prospered. Whitman seems to have studied quite 
as thoroughly the temporal aspect of affairs in this new 
country as he did the spiritual. He did not make the jour- 
ney clear through in 1835 but returned from Green river 
and went out the following year with important reinforce- 
ments, among whom were the Rev. H. H. Spalding and 
bride. Whitman himself married just before starting on 
his second trip.5 

In 1842-3 Whitman returned to the United States, some 


*In tracing the progress of wheeled vehicles across the continent we 
have noted Bonneville’s feat of taking wagons to Green river in 1832. 
Whitman succeeded in taking a cart as far as Fort Boise on Snake river 
where it was abandoned. Farnham saw it there in 1830. 


648 WHITMAN'S WORK, 


say for the express purpose of urging the government 
to take some action in regard to Oregon, which he consid- 
ered too valuable a territory to lose. Others say that his 
journey related solely to personal affairs and to matters 
connected with the American Board of Foreign Missions. 
Whatever it was, the business was urgent; otherwise he 
would not have undertaken the journey in the dead of 
winter. He took the southern route by way of Santa Fe. 
While East he visited Washington and there is little doubt 
that he improved the opportunity to urge the claims of Ore- 
gon upon those who were near the government. That he 
was given an audience by President Tyler and Secretary 
Webster may well be doubted, and it is certainly an extrava- 
gant claim, though put forward with great persistency in 
these later days, to say that “ Marcus Whitman saved Ore- 
gon.” 

The history of the Catholic missions in the Rocky moun- 
tains is little more than a record of the work of Father P. J. 
De Smet, S. J., one of the most interesting and noteworthy 
characters in the annals of the West. Father De Smet 
came to St. Louis from Belgium in 1820 and was engaged 
in the mission work in the lower country for several years. 
In 1829 he became connected with the University of St. 
Louis and in 1832 visited his home in Belgium for his 
health. After a sojourn of several years he returned to 
St. Louis in 1837. In the following year he commenced 
his career as a missionary among the Indians, taking up his 
residence among the Pottawatomies near Council Bluffs. 
Finally in response to the repeated calls of the Flathead 
Indians it was decided to send Father De Smet to that tribe. 
He accordingly set out in 1840 and thus commenced that 
famous series of journeys throughout the West which made 
his name well known on both sides of the Atlantic. 

Father De Smet was a zealous and devout religious teach- 
er, but he was far more. He was a careful and discrimi- 
nating observer and a fluent and interesting writer. Dur- 


ing all his journeys he kept up correspondence with friends — 


FATHER DE SMET. | 649 


in Europe. His letters were meant to be something more 
than friendly epistles and were doubtless intended for pub- 
lication. They abound in descriptions of the country, its” 
fauna, flora, the Indian tribes, anecdotes of wilderness life, 
and a multitude of cognate subjects. Altogether they form 
one of the most comprehensive descriptions that we possess 
of the West as it was in the days of the fur trade. 

Father De Smet traveled extensively among the Western 
tribes. He was loved and respected by the Indians, and 
never suffered harm at their hands. Many are the enter- 
taining incidents connected with the visits of the “Black 
Robe,” and his figure was always a welcome one in the 
wigwam of the Indian. His principal labors were among 
the Flathead Indians, for whom he conceived a most sincere 
and paternal affection, and in whose territory he founded 
his first mission, 


= Rt 
Soa ng : 


eae TK, 


WOMABEEVINCIDENTS AND CHARACTERS IN 
Peo hor Or THE FUR TRADE, 


GHAPLER TT], 
erie LOST ATRAPPERS. 


The Lost Trappers— The story of Ezekiel Williams as related by 
himself — The story as told by David H. Coyner — Comments. 


Tt would be extremely interesting to know the names of 

those forty “ Americans and expert riflemen” who 
escorted the Mandan chief back to his nation in the summer 
of 1809. Some of them figured again and prominently in 
later events of this period, and doubtless there were others 
who became known in the annals of the West, but whose 
connection with this expedition has been forgotten. Under 
the quoted title of the present chapter will be narrated the 
adventure of a company who went up the river with the 
expedition of 1809. Their leader, and probably others, 
belonged to the Mandan escort. Their experiences were 
the text of one of the completest fabrications that was ever 
published under the guise of history—The Lost Trappers, 
by David H. Coyner, 1859. The central figure of the 
adventure, both in fact and fiction, was Ezekiel Williams, a 
pioneer of Cooper county, Missouri, who, according to all 
the evidence that has come to light, was a thoroughly 
respectable character. His name occurs frequently in the 
chronicles of the time, and never in any questionable rela- 
tion. That he was particeps criminis in the wholesale fraud _ 


652 = ALVENTURES OF EZEKIEL WILLIAMS. 


which Coyner perpetrated in his name, there is no reason 
to believe. His experiences were bad enough on the plain 
basis of fact, and required no fictitious embellishment to 
add to their interest. 

In 1809 Williams went up the river with the Missouri 
Fur Company and remained there two years. In August, 
1811, with nineteen others, all independent hunters except 
two who were in the employ of one of the party named 
Chaplain, he set out on a hunting expedition to the south. 
They left Lisa’s fort “on the Missouri” and were assured 
by Lisa that he would maintain the post until their return. 
They traveled south for nearly two months, when they 
found themselves on the Arkansas river and remained there 
unmolested until the following spring. The Jndians then 
became troublesome, “ robbing and harassing the company 
in every quarter.” In June the party, then on the head- 
waters of the Platte, concluded to separate into smaller 
bands. Eight or ten crossed the mountains to the west- 
ward, and as many more, including Williams and Chaplain, 
went south along the eastern base of the mountains until 
they again reached the Arkansas, where, through some 
means or other, they learned that Lisa’s post on the Missouri 
had been broken up and that there was no use of their 
returning to that quarter. ; 

Williams’ party now separated again, four gcing to Santa 
Fe, while the rest, including Williams, Chaplain and his two 
men, and two Frenchmen, struck out into the mountains to 
hunt. They spread about in small parties, and while thus 
separated three of the men were killed, leaving only Wil- 
liams, Chaplain, and one Parteau. The three survivors 
then sought protection among the Arapaho Indians, the 
very ones who had slain their companions. The chief told 
them that their only safety was to remain under his protec- 
tion, which they did, “and passed a wretched winter filled 
with despair of ever being able to return home.” In the 
spring Chaplain and Parteau desired to continue with the 
Indians, who assured them that they would certainly be 


WILLIAMS’ RETURN HOME. 653 


killed if they attempted to return home; but Williams deter- 
mined to get away or lose his life in the attempt. His 
comrades helped him to make a canoe, and having cached his 
furs, he bade his companions farewell and set out down the 
river March ist, 1813. The parting was a gloomy one. 
Chaplain shook hands with Williams, while Parteau turned 
away and wept. A number of Indians witnessed the scene. 
Chaplain and Parteau told Williams just as he was depart- 
‘ ing that they should also try to get away in about three 
days. Each promised to notify the friends of the others if 
he should get back first, and thus they parted, never to see 
one another again. 

Williams descended the Arkansas about four hundred 
miles, trapping beaver on the way, until his canoe was 
stopped by the shallow water. The June rise enabled him 
to start again, but on the 23rd of June he was captured by 
the Kansas Indians, who bound him fast and took possession 
of all his property, consisting of the furs he had caught 
along the river. The Indians kept him prisoner until Au- 
gust 15th, when they restored part of his furs and set him 


/ free. He arrived at Boone’s Lick, his home, about Sep- 


tember Ist. The Indian sub-agent at Fort Osage, G. C. 
Sibley, to whom Williams reported the theft of his furs, 
caused the Indians to restore them. 

Soon after his return home Williams went to St. Louis, 
and there saw Lisa, who related to him his misfortunes on 
the upper river, and predicted that Williams’ companions 
were all killed if they had undertaken to return to the fort. 
In May, 1814, Williams, in company with Morris May, 
Braxton Cooper, and eighteen Frenchmen, called Phille- 
bert’s Company, set out for the mountains to bring in the 
furs cached there. They arrived safely at the Arapaho 
village, where they called a council of the chiefs and de- 
-manded to know what had become of Chaplain and Parteau. 
The Indians could give no satisfactory account of them 


*See official report of Sibley to Gen. Clark, dated Nov. 30, 1813, 
which is entirely confirmatory of Williams’ account. 


654 ATTEMPT TO ROB WILLIAMS. 


except that, some time after Williams’ departure, they had 


set out with eleven horses and their furs to try to reach the 
Missouri, and that two white men, supposed to be they, had 
been found by the Crows, dead. 

Failing in his inquiries, Williams hired Le Claire (or Le 
Clerc) of Phillebert’s Company, and with May and Cooper, 
uncached his furs and started home.” After descending the 
Arkansas about five hundred miles they were stopped by low 
water, and Williams was again compelled to cache his furs 
and return home without them. In the course of the fol- 
lowing winter he received information that Le Clair had 
told of the cache of furs, and that a company under his 
pilotage had started to find it. Williams, with Joseph and 
William Cooper, brothers of Braxton, and all members of 
the noted pioneer family for whom Cooper county, Mis- 
souri, is named, made haste to forestall Le Clair in his 
scheme of robbery. They succeeded in reaching the furs 
first, and guarded the cache until spring, when they took 
advantage of high water and floated down to the settle- 
ments. It afterward came out that certain parties from St. 
Louis were back of Le Clair and his companions, and had 
promised them immunity even if they had to murder Wil- 
liams to achieve their purpose. They hired a band of 
Indians to help them, but when the latter learned of the 
extreme business that they were called upon to do, they 
withdrew from their engagement and the whole scheme fell 
to pieces. 

Such were the adventures of Ezekiel Williams which 
were made the basis of the romance of the “ Lost Trappers.” 
According to this work Williams was engaged by the 
United States to escort the Mandan chief back to his home. 
He set out on this mission April 25, 1807, with twenty men, 
himself included, traveling by land, west of the Missouri 
and far back from the stream. He reached the Mandans 
July 1. From this point the party, which included the 


*Phillebert remained in the mountains. For further trace of him 
see page 407. 


COYNER’S FABRICATION, 655 


noted character, Edward Rose, wandered all over the West- 
ern country from the Missouri to the Arkansas. Misfor- 
tune pursued them. Rose deserted to live with the Crows; 
Hamilton died from sickness, and ten men were killed in 
various encounters with the Indians, until “‘ Captain Wil- 
liams saw his party” (originally only twenty strong) 
“reduced to ten.” Naturally enough, in these untoward 
circumstances, “the spirits of the men drooped and their 
hearts became sad,” but through it all the redoubtable Cap- 
tain Williams ‘‘ wore a serene and cheerful countenance,” 
and forthwith proceeded to land his party into fresh disas- 
ter. One after another they fell victims to the Indians, until 
there finally remained only three, Captain Williams, James 
Workman and David Spencer. In this plight they agreed 
to separate, Williams with the intention (which he carried 
out) of returning home, and the other two of going to Santa 
Fe. The latter did not succeed in their purpose, but after 
wandering a long time among the mountains, fell in with 
a party of Spaniards on their way to California. They 
joined this party and spent the winter of 1808-9 in Cali- 
fornia, returning to Santa Fe in 1810, where they remained 
for fifteen years, and finally returned home with a caravan 
bound for the States. 

In all of this ingenious creation it is apparent that the 
author, Coyner, was chiefly a coiner of lies. In the first 
part of the narrative there is not a semblance of truth, and 
the details of the story are themselves physically impossible. 
Bancroft, the historian of the West, has shown that the sec- 
ond part of the story, that of the adventure of Workman 
and Spencer, is also impossible, for no Americans had 
reached California over land at that early day. So crude 
a fabrication would not merit the notice here given it, were 
it not that high historical authority has commended it as 
most reliable data. Strange to say, Bancroft himself 
accepts it in the main and avers that Coyner tells his sto: 
“in a homely but truthful and direct way, which commanus 
the reader’s respect and confidence.” Less remarkable is 


oh 


4 his 656 . FALSE AUTHORITY. 


the endorsement of the book by Colonel Inman, the com- 
piler of the Old Santa Fe Trail and the Salt Lake Trail. 
Other authors refer to it favorably, and its false and spuri- 
ous character seems generally to have escaped detection. — 


GHAPTER If. 
THE BATTLE OF PIERRES HOLE. 


Pierre’s Hole — Rendezvous of 1832 — The Grosventres — The Gros- 
ventre chief slain— The battle commences— The Blackfoot fort — 
Progress of the battle — Mistake of the interpreter — The siege raised 
—Indians escape during the night — Casualties — Affair in Jackson © 
Hole — Il] fortune of the Indians — Godin murdered — The story of an 
Indian woman. 


IERRE’S Hole, as it was then called, or Teton Basin, 
its present name, is one of those valleys which are 
veritable oases in the desert of rugged mountains. Very 
few of these valleys exceed that of Pierre’s Hole in beauty. 
It is overhung on the east by that noble range of mountains 
whose culminating peak is the Grand Teton. The valley 
extends in a direction from southeast to northwest. It is 
fully thirty miles long and from five to fifteen in breadth. 
It appears like a broad, flat prairie, almost destitute of trees 
except along its principal river and the various tributaries. 
These typical mountain streams descend mostly from the 
Teton range, where they are fed by perennial snows and 
almost daily summer rains. The course of these streams 
can be traced for great distances by the ribbons of verdure 
which cross the plain here and there and unite with a larger 
line of trees along the central stream. These riparian for- 
ests are more extensive than the observer from a distance 
would imagine. The more considerable cottonwood groves 
are often so filled with tangled growths of willows and 
creeping vines as to be almost impenetrable, and in many 
places it is a physical impossibility to get through them until 
the brush has been cut away. 
\,_ In the summer of 1832 the Rocky Mountain and Ameri- 
/ 


/ 
/ 
/ 


658 THE RENDEZVOUS IN PIERRE’S HOLE. 


can Fur Companies had their rendezvous in the upper part 
of the valley of Pierre’s Hole some twelve or fifteen miles 
from Teton Pass. With their accustomed alacrity of 
movement the managers of the Rocky Mountain Fur Com- 
pany had excelled their rivals in reaching the rendezvous 
with their annual supplies. \ William L. Sublette arrived 
there with a party of about sixty men on the 6th of July. 
Wyeth was with him and so were the remnants of Black- 
well and Gant’s parties of the previous year whom Sublette 
had found on Laramie river. Vanderburgh and Drips, of 
the American Fur Company, were also present. Fontenelle, 
who was coming from\ Fort Union with supplies, was still 
far behind in the Bighorn valley. Captain Bonneville, like- 
wise headed in the same direction, was still in the valley of 
the Platte. 

In the valley of Pierre’s Hole were also many hundreds 
of Indians, mostly of the Flathead and Nez Perce tribes. 
The Grosventres, ever hostile to the whites, were this year 
particularly troublesome around the headwaters of the 
Snake and Green rivers. Although a post had been built 
in the Blackfoot country scarcely a year before—Fort Pie- 
gan, at the mouth of the Marias—this fact seems not at 
all to have tempered the ferocity of the tribe. They were 
at this time returning home from a visit to their kindred, 
the Arapahoes. Sublette had had a sharp brush with them 
on the way to rendezvous, and Fitzpatrick, who had gone 
on ahead, was unhorsed and forced to secrete himself in 
the mountains, and wandered for five days without food, 
reaching the rendezvous more dead than alive. 

When the business of the rendezvous was nearly com- 
pleted, a party of trappers under Milton G. Sublette set out, 
July 17th, in the direction of the main Snake river toward 
the southeast. Wyeth embraced this opportunity to secure 
a good escort out of the Blackfoot country for the rem- 
nant of his party who had decided to continue on to the 
Pacific. The joint party proceeded but a short distance, 
six or eight miles, and encamped for the night. Just as they 


THE GROSVENTRE CHIEF MURDERED. 659 


were setting out next morning they discovered a party of 
horsemen approaching. They were in doubt for a time 
whether it was white or Indian, but they soon found that it 
was a band of Grosventres. They were approaching in two 
parties, and numbered apparently about a hundred and fifty 
men. According to Leonard they carried a British flag 
which they had captured from a party of Hudson Bay 
trappers, whom they had lately defeated. Irving says that 
the Indians discovered the whites first, and came down into 
the valley with the most vociferous demonstrations. John 
B. Wyeth says that the trappers could not at first tell 
whether they were buffalo, white men or Indians. Finally, 
by the aid of Wyeth’s glass, they discovered them to be 
Blackfeet, and Milton Sublette at once sent two men to the 
rendezvous for assistance.* 

In the meantime a tragedy of revenge had been enacting 
on the plain. The Blackfeet, discovering that the force 
before them was larger than they had supposed, made signs 
of peace, displaying, it is said, a white flag. But such was 
their general reputation for perfidy that no confidence was 
placed in their friendly advances. ‘There were, moreover, 
in the white camp two men who cherished inextinguishable 
hatred toward the Blackfeet. One of these was Antoine 
Godin, whose father had been murdered by these Indians on 
Godin creek. The other was a Flathead chief whose nation 
had suffered untold wrongs from the tribe. These two men 
it was who advanced to meet the overtures of peace from the 
other side. A Blackfoot chief came forward to meet them. 
By a preconcerted arrangement between Antoine and the 
Flathead, the latter shot the Blackfoot dead at the instant 
when Antoine grasped his hand in friendship. Seizing the 
chief’s scarlet robe, Antoine and his companion beat a hasty, 
though safe, retreat. “ This was Joab with a vengeance! ” 
remarks young Wyeth. ‘ Art thou in health, my brother?” 

The Indians now withdrew into some timber near by, sur- 


* For an explanation of the confusion of names, Blackfeet and Gros- 
wentre, sce Part -Vs Chapter IX. 


660 THE BATTLE OPENS. 


rounded by a copse of willows, and immediately intrenched 
themselves by digging holes in the ground, and building a 
breastwork of timber in front of their rifle pits. This 
work was mostly done by the women, the Indians main- 
taining a skirmish line in front of the fort. While the 
express was gone to the rendezvous for reinforcements, Mil- 
ton Sublette’s trappers held the Indians within the wood, 
and Wyeth fortified his own camp, where he ordered his 
men to remain. 

William L. Sublette and Robert Campbell, upon receipt 
of the news of attack, immediately left the rendezvous and 
in short order arrived on the field with a large force of 
whites and Indians. Sublette assumed direction of the bat- 
tle. He forbade both Wyeth’s men and his own raw 
recruits to engage in the fight, and used only the seasoned 
trappers and the Indians. Wyeth himself, however, was 
present in the engagement part of the time. The Blackfeet, 
when they saw the overwhelming force with which they had 
to reckon, withdrew within their entrenchments, evidently 
determined to sell their lives dearly. 

The whites and allied Indians promptly commenced the 
attack by random firing into the thicket. This accom- 
plished nothing, but gave the Blackfeet a chance to do some 
effective work in return. It was apparent that other meas- 
ures would have to be adopted to dislodge them, and Sub- 
lette proposed to storm the breastworks. His men thought 
it too dangerous, but Sublette insisted. About thirty of 
the whites and as many Indians joined him, and together 
they entered the willow thickets. Pushing their way cau- 
tiously through the tangled copses, Sublette, Campbell, and 
Sinclair of Arkansas led the besiegers toward the Indian 
fort. Sublette and Campbell and doubtless others had 
made their wills to each other in anticipation of the con- 
sequences that might ensue. After working their way on 
hands and knees through the dense line of willows they 
came to more open ground, and then saw the rude fortifica- 
tion of the besieged. As they ernerged into this open space 


MISTAKE OF THE INTERPRETER. 661 


they were more exposed to the fire of the Blackfeet. Sin- 
clair was killed on the spot and Sublette was severely 
wounded. Inthe meanwhile Wyeth with some Indians had 
gained nearly the opposite side of the fort, and one Indian 
near him was killed by a chance shot from Sublette’s party. 
The besieged evidently suffered but little at this time, for 
they were well protected, although completely overmatched 
in numbers. 

The attack continued for the greater part of the day 
without any substantial progress, owing to the secure posi- 
tion of the enemy and the evident reluctance of the attackers 
to storm it. Finally Sublette decided to burn them out, 
although much against the wish of the friendly Indians, 
who wanted to plunder the fort. <A train of wood was laid 
and was about to be ignited, when an incident occurred 
which brought immediate relief to the beleaguered garri- 
son. One of the friendly Indians who understood the 
Blackfoot language held some conversation with the 
besieged during the fight. They now told him that they 
knew that the whites could kill them, but that they had six 
or eight hundred warriors who would soon arrive and who 
would give them all the fighting they wanted. In the 
process of interpretation the Blackfoot was made to say 
that this force was then actually attacking the main ren- 
dezvous. Such an attack would have been disastrous in the 
absence of the fighting force, arid the whites, without wait- 
ing to verify the news, hastenéd off pellmell. Before the 
mistake was discovered it was too late to resume the attack. 
On the following morning the Blackfoot fort was found 
abandoned. 

The casualties in this fight were, on the side of the 
whites, five killed, among whom was the partisan Sinclair, 
and six wounded, of whom William L. Sublette was one. 
The allied Indians lost seven killed and six wounded. The 
loss of the Blackfeet was never fully known. They left 
nine dead warriors in the fort together with twenty-five 
horses and nearly all their baggage. Irving says that the 


662 TRAGEDY IN JACKSON HOLE. 


Blackfeet admitted to have lost twenty-six warriors. Evi- 
dently the blunder of the interpreter saved the band from 
annihilation. The survivors escaped during the night and 
effected a junction with the larger band. 

The battle of Pierre’s Hole was not without its important 
sequels. On the 25th of July, seven men of Wyeth’s party, 
together with Alfred K. Stephens and four men, the joint 
party including a Mr. More of Boston, a Mr. Foy of Mis- 
sissippi, and two grandsons of Daniel Boone, set out from 
the rendezvous to return East. They had intended to 
accompany William L. Sublette, but the latter’s departure 
had been postponed about ten days on account of his wound. 
Impatient of delay, these men set out to the eastward, and 
on the following day they were attacked in Jackson Hole by 
a band of some twenty Blackfeet. More and Foy were 
killed and Stephens was wounded. He, with the rest of 
the party, returned to the rendezvous, where he lingered 
until the 30th of July, when he died, just after starting for 
St. Louis in company with W. L. Sublette. His horses and 
traps were sold the same day, and his beaver fur was taken 
fons. Lois,” 

Sublette with his party of about sixty men and the returns 
of the past year left rendezvous on the 30th of July. The 
day after crossing Snake river, August 4th, they passed the 
large band of Blackfeet of whom they had been told by the 
Indian at the battle of Pierre’s Hole. These Indians had 
been hovering in the vicinity of the camps of Fontenelle and 
Bonneville, but had not ventured to attack. In like manner 
their recent experience in Pierre’s Hole made them hesitate 
about attacking Sublette’s party, and he was suffered to pass 
unmolested. This band of Indians finally left the country 
by the way of the Wind River valley, where they were 
attacked and routed by some Crow Indians with a loss of 


*There is now in possession of M. L. Gray, of St. Louis, a receipt 
by Sam Merry, administrator of the Stephen estate, for the proceeds 
of this sale and for the beaver fur. 


ANTOINE GODIN MURDERED. 663 


forty killed. The remainder were scattered like fugitives 
throughout the Crow country. 

It will be remembered that it was Antoine Godin who 
killed the Blackfoot chief at Pierre’s Hole in revenge for the 
death of his father. But the account was not yet considered 
closed — at least on the part of the Blackfeet. At some 
time between September 1834 and September 1835, the 
exact date unknown, a party of Blackfeet appeared on the 
opposite bank of the Snake from Fort Hall. They were 
led by a desperado named Bird,* a former employe of the 
Hudson Bay Company, who, having been made a prisoner 
by the Blackfeet, in a skirmish with some of that tribe, had 
remained with them and had become an influential chieftain. 
From the opposite side of the river Bird requested Godin 
to come across and buy their furs. Godin complied, not 
suspecting treachery. He sat down to smoke with the com- 
pany, when Bird signaled to some Indians, who shot him in 
the back. While he was yet alive, Bird tore his scalp off 
and cut the letters “ N. J. W.,” Wyeth’s initials, on his fore- 
head. Thus ended the tragedy of Pierre’s Hole. 

Irving relates an incident which, whether true or not, has 
passed into the tradition of the battle. In their advance 
upon the Blackfoot redoubt some of the trappers saw an 
- Indian woman leaning against a tree. Surprised that she 
should thus indifferently expose herself to certain death, 
they looked for the cause and found that she was standing 
beside the corpse of her dead warrior. The trappers would 
have saved her, but no sooner did the Indian allies see her 
than they fell upon and slew her. 


*“A half Indian and treacherous, very dangerous man, who had 
great influence among the Blackfeet. He had formerly been in the 
service of the American Fur Company, had then gone over to the 
Hudson Bay Company, and had cheated both. He was a tall, strong 
man, with a brownish complexion, thick, black hair, spoke the language 
of the Blackfeet perfectly, and lived constantly among them. At pres- 
ent he was not in the service of either company, but lived by catching 
beaver and hunting on his own account.” Maximilian, Prince of 
Wied; Travels in North America, p. 267. 

*Our authorities for the battle of Pierre’s Hole are numerous and 


664 AUTHORITIES CITED. 


reliable. Irving is the best, for he evidently digested his account from 
information derived from all available sources. The first published 
account is by an eye-witness and the principal actor. in the battle, 
William L. Sublette. It is a letter to Ashley, written at Lexington, 
Mo., Sept. 21, 1832, while the writer was en route home. It may be 
seen in the old Missourt Republican of October 16, 1832, which repub- 
lished it from the “last Beacon.’ There are also three other accounts 
by eye-witnesses extant—that of the elder Wyeth in his journal, and 
one by John B. Wyeth in his account of the expedition, and a third by 
A. W. Ferris. 

Ferris’ account, which is much less satisfactory than that of Sublette, 
nevertheless contributes a few items of interest. His record of the 
number killed was 3 whites, 5 friendly Indians, and 9 Blackfeet. There 
were many wounded on both sides, and 24 dead horses were found 
within the fort. Irving’s story of the Indian woman is confirmed in 
the following paragraph: “Our Indians followed the route of the 
fugitives for several miles, and found their baggage which they had 
concealed in divers places, as well as the bodies of 5 more Indians, and 
two young women who were yet unhurt, though their heartless captors 
sent them to the shades in pursuit of their relations without the least 
remorse.” 


CrrabER IIT. 


THE DEATH OF HENRY VANDERBURGH. 


Henry Vanderburgh — Competition in the mountain trade — Van- 
derburgh and Drips pursue Fitzpatrick and Bridger — Neck to neck 
game — Drips finally gives up— Starts up the Jefferson — Fitzpatrick 
and Bridger run onto Vanderburgh — Parties separate — Vanderburgh 
passes Alder Gulch— Alarm of Indians on the Stinkingwater — Re- 
connoitering party ambushed — Vanderburgh slain— Party moves to 
Beaverhead — Vanderburgh and Pillon buried — Meeting with Drips — 
Drips crosses the Divide to Snake river— Adventure of Bridger — 
Bridger wounded — The Loretto episode — Arrowhead extracted from 
Bridger’s shoulder. 


ane fate of this unfortunate leader was a direct result of 
the extreme rivalry which prevailed among the fur 
companies of the mountains in 1832. Henry Vanderburgh, 
“one of the principal clerks attached to the American Fur 
Company,’ was an able, enterprising and indefatigable 
leader. He was the man upon whom the conduct of the 
mountain expeditions had hitherto mainly devolved, when 
Kenneth McKenzie found that the affairs at Fort Union 
would not give him the time to conduct them in person. 
With Vanderburgh were associated for a while Andrew 
Drips and Lucien Fontenelle, who, after Vanderburgh’s 
death, carried on their operations from their post at Bellevue 
on the Missouri instead of from Fort Union. Vander- 
burgh had seen considerable service. Ten years before this, 
he was in the Missouri Fur Company. He was given the 
nominal rank of Captain in the affair of the Aricara vil- 
lages in 1823, and seems always to have borne himself with 
the air and quality of a leader. 
In 1832 the competition in trade in the mountains was 


666 EXASPERATING POLICY. 


at its height. The agents of the American Fur Company 
were still comparative strangers in the Rocky mountains, 
and were not yet a match for the experienced leaders of 
the Rocky Mountain Fur Company. Fitzpatrick and 
Bridger had fixed upon the headwaters of the Missouri as 
the field for their fall hunt. Vanderburgh and Drips had 
for some time been pursuing what must be pronounced a 
most exasperating, if not unprincipled, course. Being less 
familiar than their rivals with the good trapping country, 
their policy was to keep close upon the trail of the latter 
and thus make these redoubtable partisans their unwilling 
guides to the rich beaver country. The Rocky Mountain 
Fur Company had repeatedly tried to shake them off, and 
at the rendezvous in Pierre’s Hole had proposed to divide 
the territory with them. The proposition was not accepted, 
but as the American Fur Company supplies had not arrived 
in time for the rendezvous, and as there was no immediate 


prospect of their arrival, Fitzpatrick and Bridger thought — 


to get away before their persistent rivals should receive 
their equipment. 

In the meantime Vanderburgh and Drips started in all 
haste for Green river to find out what had become of Fonte- 
nelle, who was to bring their supplies. They left Pierre’s 
Hole August 2nd, and reached Green river August 8th, 
where they found Fontenelle in camp about four miles above 
Captain Bonneville. Four days were spent here transacting 
the necessary business of the annual rendezvous, when Fon- 


tenelle started with the returns of the year for Fort Union, 


and Vanderburgh and Drips set out to overtake Fitzpatrick 
and Bridger, whom they believed to be somewhere on the 
headwaters of the Missouri. | 

When the party reached Pierre’s Hole on their return, 
W. A. Ferris was detached to make a circuit to the head 
of Salmon river to find the Flathead Indians, whence he 
was to rejoin his comrades in the valley of the Big Hole 
river, the principal tributary of Jefferson fork of the Mis- 
souri. In the meanwhile the two leaders would beat up the 


NECK TO NECK GAME. 667 


country on the sources of the Jefferson. They proceeded 
down that stream, and at Horse Prairie, the valley of a 
small tributary of the Jefferson, they cached such of their 
equipment as would encumber them in their pursuit of Fitz- 
patrick and Bridger. They had found the fresh trail of 
their rivals and knew that they could not be far away. 
Ferris rejoined them from the Flatheads on the 1st of Sep- 
tember, and ten days later they succeeded in overtaking the 
party of the Rocky Mountain Fur Company. The records 
of the journey state that upon this day a man named Miller 
died in camp from a wound received in the battle of Pierre’s 
Hole the previous July. 

Fitzpatrick and Bridger were completely exasperated at 
finding themselves persistently followed by the partisans 
of the American Fur Company, and they resolved to lead 
them a chase which they would remember. In this they suc- 
ceeded only too well. On the 17th of September they set 
out to the north down the valley of the Jefferson apparently 
for the Three Forks of the Missouri. Drips with a portion 
of his party followed hard after them, while Vanderburgh 
crossed over to the Madison to trap along the course of that 
stream. How far the rival parties pursued their course 
north is uncertain, but far enough for Drips to see that he 
was being made a dupe at his own game; for he had been 
led quite beyond the good trapping country. He accord- 
ingly resolved to give up the chase and turn back to the 
south. The parties separated about the 1st of October at 
the Three Forks, Drips starting up the Jefferson and Fitz- 
patrick and Bridger up the Gallatin. The latter party, after 
ascending the Gallatin for some distance, crossed over to the 
Madison, October 6th, where they quite unexpectedly came 
upon Vanderburgh and his party. It seemed impossible to 
keep out of the way of their resourceful opponents. 

But this was the last encounter of the opposing parties 
during the fall hunt of 1832. On the 11th of October the 
Rocky Mountain Fur Company started off up the Madison 
to trap the sources of that stream, Vanderburgh did not 


668 AN INDIAN ALARM. 


move until October 12, when he went down the Madison 
about fifteen miles. The next day he crossed over in a 
northwest direction eighteen miles and encamped on a little 
stream, one of the sources of the Jefferson. This was prob- 
ably Alder creek, a stream destined to world-wide fame in 
later years as the location of the famous placer of Alder 
Gulch; and the party most likely tramped over ground 
which was glistening with gold beneath their feet. 

On the morning of the 14th the party moved down the 
stream to its junction with the Stinkingwater river, a trib- 
utary of the Jefferson to which Lewis and Clark gave the 
name Philanthropy. Here they became aware of the pres- 
ence of Indians in the neighborhood. Ferris and a few 
others went out to reconnoiter and their worst fears were 
soon confirmed by finding the remains of a buffalo just 
butchered, from which the Indians had evidently fled on the 
approach of the whites. This discovery was at once 
reported to Vanderburgh. As the trappers could not be 
persuaded to work when danger was imminent, Vander- 
burgh and six others left the main party in camp and set out 
up the river where the Indians were supposed to be, deter- 
mined to ascertain what the situation actually was. After 
traveling about three miles they found a fire still burning, a 
buffalo just killed, and the fresh tracks of the Indians. The 
small number of these tracks, and the fact that buffalo were 
grazing all about quite unalarmed, made them think that 
there could not be more than seven or eight Indians at 
most. 

The little party therefore pushed on another three miles 
toward the only dense bunch of timber that there was in the 
vicinity. Here it was felt certain that the Indians must be, 
for anywhere else they would be in sight unless they had fled 
to the mountains. With a sense of possible danger they 
approached the grove, watching with the utmost care for 
any evidence of life. At this point they care to an old 
channel of the river through which the water flowed in 
flood time, but which now interposed no greater obstacle 


VANDERBURGH SLAIN. 669 


than a small but deep ditch which a horse could leap over. 
They crossed the gully, but scarcely had they reached the 
other side when a volley from twenty or more firearms dis- 
closed the presence of a body of Indians concealed along the 
banks, apparently to the number of about a hundred. Three 
of the party of hunters turned instantly and fled. Vander- 
burgh’s horse was shot under him, but he calmly disengaged 
himself, aimed his gun at his assailants and called out to his 
men, “ Boys, don’t run.” But there was no possibility of 
making a stand. Ferris and a Mr. R. C. Nelson turned 
their horses and vaulted the ditch, Ferris receiving at the 
same instant a severe wound in the left shoulder. Another 
man, Alexis Pillon, a French voyageur, was thrown from 
his horse, which broke away riderless toward camp. Pil- 
lon, thus left to the mercy of the savages, was almost 
instantly slain. Vanderburgh was thus left alone without 
hope of succor. One of his men, Nelson, who had jumped 
the ditch with Ferris, was in despair at his leader’s peril, 
and was about to turn back, when his horse received two 
shots in the neck and he was compelled to flee to save his 
own life. As the Indians approached Vanderburgh he 
killed the nearest one with a shot from his rifle, and was 
raising his pistol to fire again when he received a volley in 
the back, and fell a victim to his savage foes. 

When the survivors returned to camp there was the great- 
est consternation and most of the party were for resorting 
to instant flight. But wiser counsels prevailed, and they 
withdrew to a point of timber on the river side, where they 
fortified themselves and passed a sleepless night. The next 
morning it was proposed to go back and bury their dead 
companions, but none of the party would undertake it. 
They accordingly packed up and started for the caches at 
Horse Prairie. Upon rounding the point of a mountain 
they came in sight of the Beaver Head, a famous land-mark 
on the Jefferson river, now known as the Point of Rocks, 
some fifteen miles below Dillon, Mont. A large smoke 
was rising there, and fearing the presence of another party 


670 BURIAL OF THE VICTIMS. 


of Indians, they turned directly toward the Jefferson and 
made for a grove of cottonwoods, which they reached after 
a march of fifteen miles. Here another restless night was 
spent in a fortified camp. 

Next day a reconnoitering party found to their great relief 
that the Indians at Beaver Head were Flatheads and Pend 
d’ Oreilles, always firm friends of the whites, and the whole 
party at once moved to join them. On the 17th of October 
a burial party was sent back to the scene of the late attack. 
They found and buried Pillon, but could not find Vander- 
burgh. Ferris then sent some Flathead Indians to the place 
under a promise of a reward if they could discover the re- 
mains of the lamented leader. They succeeded in finding 
his bones, which the Indians had stripped of the flesh and 
thrown into the river. They buried these on the margin of 
the stream. The Indians had, however, carried away the 
arms of the ‘ White Chief,” as they called him, and these 
were later exhibited as trophies of victory at Fort McKen- 
zie on the Missouri. 

The whole affair was one of the most lamentable tragedies 
that ever occurred in the mountains, for the principal victim 
was a man of chivalrous character, high standing, and uni- 
versally beloved by those who knew him. Its most regret- 
table feature is the fact that it grew out of a bitter and unrea- 
sonable commercial strife in which Vanderburgh was a vic- 
tim of his own zeal. 

After a short stay at Beaver Head the party pushed on to 
the caches at Horse Prairie, where they found Drips, Octo- 
ber 21, and acquainted him with the sad fate which had 
befallen his able associate.1 The united parties left Horse 
Prairie on the 24th for Snake river. 

*The date of Vanderburgh’s death, October 14, 1832, is confirmed 
by the records of the American Fur Company: 

“Dans ma derniére j’ai omis de vous informer qu’un exprés venant 
de la Roche Jaune nous a apporté la facheuse nouvelle que M. Van- 
derburgh a été tué par les Pieds-Noirs le 14 Octobre dernier sur une 


des trois fourches du Missouri appellée le Jefferson.” Cet accident 
nous causera un grand déficit dans cet équipement. La chasse fut 


BRIDGER WOUNDED. 671 


If Fitzpatrick and Bridger had led Vanderburgh to his 
death, they did not wholly escape themselves, although their 
great experience of Indian wiles saved them from ambus- 
cade or surprise. One day they saw a body of Blackfeet in 
the open plain, though near some rocks which could be 
resorted to in case of need. They made pacific overtures, 
which were reciprocated by the whites. A few men 
advanced from each party. A circle was formed and the 
pipe of peace was smoked. It is related by Irving that 
while this ceremony was going on, a young Mexican named 
Loretto, a free trapper accompanying Bridger’s band. who 
had previously ransomed from the Crows a beautiful Black- 
foot girl, and had made her his wife, was then present look- 
ing on. The girl recognized her brother among the 
Indians. Instantly leaving her infant with Loretto she 
rushed into her brother’s arms and was received with the 
greatest warmth and affection. 

Bridger now rode forward to where the peace ceremo- 
nies were enacting. His rifle lay across his saddle. The 
Blackfoot chief came forward to meet him. Through some 
apparent distrust Bridger cocked his piece as if about to 
fire. The chief seized the barrel and pushed it downward 
so that its contents were discharged into the ground. This 
precipitated a melee. Bridger received two arrow shots in 
his back, and the chief felled him to the earth with a blow 
from the gun which he had wrenched from Bridger’s hand. 
The chief then leaped into Bridger’s saddle, and the whole 
party made for the cover of the rocks, where a desultory 
fire was kept up for some time. 

The Indian girl had been carried along with her people, 
and in spite of her pitiful entreaties, was not allowed to 
return. Loretto, witnessing her grief, seized the child and 
aussitot interrompu et le parti retraversa la montagne pour rejoindre 
M. Dripps et hiberner sur la riviére au Serpent. II est 4 regretter que 
M. Fontenelle fut absent 4 cet époque.” Chouteau to Astor, March 
30, 1833. So also Missouri Republican, March 26th, 1833, and Fort 


Pierre Journal, Jan. oth, 1833. For sketch of Vanderburgh’s life see 
p. 302. 


672 ARROW TAKEN FROM BRIDGER’S BACK. 


ran to her, greatly to the amazement of the Indians. He 
was cautioned to depart if he wanted to save his life, and 
at his wife’s urgent insistence he did so. Some time after- 
ward he closed his account with the Rocky Mountain Fur 
Company and rejoined his wife among her own people. It 
is said that he was later employed as an interpreter at the 
fort below the falls of the Missouri. 

One of the arrowheads which Bridger received in his 
back on this occasion remained there for nearly three years, 
or until the: middle of August, 1835. At that time) Dr, 
Marcus Whitman was at the rendezvous on Green river, 
en route to Oregon. Bridger was also there and Dr. Whit- 
man extracted the arrow from his back. The operation was 
a difficult one “‘ because the arrow was hooked at the point 
by striking a large bone, and a cartilaginous substance had 
grown around it. The doctor pursued the operation with 
great self-possession and perseverance; and his patient man- 
ifested equal firmness. The Indians looked on meanwhile 
with countenances indicating wonder, and in their own 
peculiar manner expressed great astonishment when it was 
extracted.”” The arrow was of iron and about three inches 
long. 


CHAPTER IV. 


THE BATTLE OF FORT McKENZIE. 


The building of a fort in the Blackfoot country — Treaty of peace 
between the Blackfeet and the Assiniboines— Unexpected attack by 
the Assiniboines — Battle continues all day — Assiniboines driven off — 
Piegan valor. 


O bolder or more courageous measure was ever accom- 
plished in the history of the fur trade than the estab- 
lishment of a trading post by the American Fur Company 
in the country of the Blackfeet. The implacable hostility 
of these Indians to the whites had been in evidence since the 
first appearance of white men among them. The expulsion 
of the traders from the headwaters of the Missouri in 1810 
and the massacre of Jones and Immel and several of their 
followers in 1823 were still fresh in the minds of many then 
living. It was well known that the attitude of these people 
had not changed and that the trader who should venture into 
their territory did so at the imminent peril of his life. 

The Blackfeet and Assiniboines were hostile to each other, 
and a preliminary step in the establishment of a post in the 
Blackfoot country was an attempt on the part of McKenzie 
at Fort Union to establish peace between these two tribes. 
This was accomplished in 1831. James Kipp built Fort 
Piegan at the mouth of the Marias in the fall of that year, 
and D. D. Mitchell built Fort McKenzie a few miles above, 
when Fort Piegan was abandoned the following year. 
Everything went well until the summer of 1833, when the 
Assiniboines, becoming tired of the peace, and perhaps 
urged on by the British traders, concluded to attack the 
fort. 


674 OPENING OF THE ATTACK. 


During the latter part of the month of August, 1833, the 
Indians had mostly withdrawn from the vicinity of Fort 
McKenzie, but there were still a few tents of Piegans 
encamped close to the fort. They had been singing and 
drinking most of the night and by morning had fallen into 
a state of stupid lethargic slumber from which it was not 
easy to arouse them. While in this condition they were 
attacked at daybreak on the morning of August 28, by some 
six hundred Assiniboines and Crees. This was before the 
inmates of the fort had arisen, and their first intimation of 
trouble came from Doucette, one of the engagés, who rushed 
into the room where Prince Maximilian and Mr. Mitchell 
were, and called out: “ Levez vous, il nous faut battre.” 

The attack was so sudden and unexpected that consider- 
able damage had been done before any effective resistance 
was offered. The Assiniboines first fell upon the Piegan 
camp, tore their tents to pieces, killed several of the Indians, 
and threw the remainder into a panic. The employes of the 
fort made haste to let in the friendly Indians, but the 
women, by a foolish endeavor to save their property, 
encumbered themselves with saddles, etc., blocked the door 
of the fort, and several of them were massacred before they 
could get in. As fast as the Piegans got inside they 
mounted the palisades and opened fire. Many of the en- 
gagés had imprudently sold their ammunition to the In- 
dians, and were helpless until a supply could be issued to, 
them. 

In the meanwhile it transpired that the attack had been 
directed against the Blackfeet and not against the whites. 
Mr. Mitchell accordingly ordered his men to stop firing. 
The Blackfeet within the fort, however, could not be 
restrained, and even Doucette and Loretto persisted in fir- 
ing. This Loretto, who is the same one that was with 
Bridger when he was wounded on Jefferson Fork, now went 
outside the fort and at close range slew the nephew of the 
principal chief of the Assiniboines. The Assiniboines then 
withdrew beyond effective range of the fort. 


A SINGULAR SCENE. | 675 


A strange scene it must have been within the fort during 
this time. Happily we have two effective pictures of it, one 
from the pen of Maximilian and the other from the hand 
of his artist, Bodmer. ‘“‘ While all this was passing,” says 
the Prince, “the court yards of the fort presented a very 
strange scene. A number of wounded men, women and 
children were laid or placed against the walls; others, in 
their deplorable condition, were pulled about by their rela- 
tives amid tears and lamentations. The White Buffalo, 
whom I have mentioned, and who had received a wound at 
the back of his head, was carried about in this manner, amid 
singing, howling, and crying. ‘They rattled the schischikue 
in his ears, that the evil spirit might not overcome him, and 
gave him brandy to drink. He himself, though stupefied, 
sung without intermission and would not give himself up to 
the evil spirit. Otsequa-Stomik, an old man of our 
acquaintance, was wounded in the knee by a ball which a 
woman cut out with a pen knife, during which operation he 
did not betray the least symptom of pain. Natah-Otanee, a 
handsome young man with whom we became acquainted on 
our visit to Kutonapi, was suffering dreadfully from severe 
wounds. Several Indians, especially young women, were 
likewise wounded. We endeavored to assist the wounded, 
and Mr. Mitchell distributed balsam and linen for bandages; 
but very little could be done; for instead of suffering the 
wounded, who were exhausted by the loss of blood, to take 
some rest, their relatives continually pulled them about, 
sounded large bells, and rattled their medicine or amulets, 
among which were the bear’s paws which the White Buf- 
falo wore on his breast. Only a spectator of this extra- 
ordinary scene could form any idea of the confusion and 
noise, which was increased by the loud report of the mus- 
ketry, the moving backwards and forwards of the people 
carrying powder and ball, and the tumult occasioned by 
above twenty horses shut up in the fort.” We imagine 
that the royal seeker for knowledge, who had forsaken the 
luxury of courts for the deprivations of the wilderness, felt 


676 THE PIEGAN WARRIORS. 


that he was now getting more than he had bargained for. 

From the beginning of the engagement the Blackfeet had 
reproached the whites for not coming out of the fort to 
fight the enemy, although there was no occasion to do so, 
for the attack was not directed against the whites. But 
the Blackfeet did not see it in that light, and were evidently 
getting the idea that the whites were not brave. This 
would not do, and accordingly Mr. Mitchell with some of 
his best men sallied out for the bluffs to which the Assini- 
boines had retreated. Early in the engagement runners 
had been dispatched to the Piegan camp ten miles away, 
for assistance, and parties were now beginning to arrive 
from that direction. ‘‘ They came galloping in groups of 
from three to twenty together,” says Maximilian, “ their 
horses covered with foam, and they themselves in their 
finest apparel, with all kinds of ornaments and arms, bows 
and quivers on their backs, guns in their hands, furnished 
with their medicines, with feathers on their heads; some 
had splendid crowns of black and white eagle feathers, 
and a large hood of feathers hanging down_ behind, 
sitting on fine panther skins lined with red; the upper part 
of their bodies partly naked, with a long strip of wolf 
skin thrown across the shoulder, and carrying shields 
adorned with feathers and pieces of colored cloth. A truly 
original sight!” 

The expedition of Mr. Mitchell and his followers to the 
bluffs had the effect of completely reinstating the whites 
in the confidence of the Blackfeet. They were always in 
advance, and Mr. Mitchell was finally compelled to taunt the 
Blackfeet themselves with cowardice. They certainly be- 
haved with far less spirit than their enemies. 

On the bluffs between the Missouri and the valley of the 
Marias the battle was continued for some time in a wild 
and desultory fashion. The Assin:boines were finally driv- 
en back across the Marias and here Mr. Mitchell’s horse 
was shot under him, and he himself was slightly wounded. 
After dinner, Doucette, De Champ, and Berger rode over to 


VALOR OF THE BLACKFEET. 677 


the valley of the Marias, which was still occupied by the 
Assiniboines, and again came in contact with the enemy. 
Some Blackfeet who were with them came back boasting of 
their great exploits. The final result was that the Assin- 
iboines, who had expended all their ammunition, retreated 
toward the Bear Paw mountains during the night. 

The losses on the part of the Blackfeet occurred mostly 
in the first onset and fell principally upon the noncombat- 
ants. Culbertson says that “‘ during the day we lost seven 
killed and twenty wounded. It is impossible to tell how 
many of the enemy were killed, but their loss must have 
been greater than ours, as they had little ammunition, and 
at last none.” 

The result of this affair was to nullify the treaty of peace 
between the Blackfeet and the Assiniboines. It also showed 
that, as between the Piegan band of the Blackfeet and the 
Assiniboines, the latter were the better fighters. The 
whites were a good deal astonished at the feeble efforts of 
their allies and could with difficulty see anything to justify 
the terrible reputation of the Blackfeet. On the other hand, 
the Blackfeet estimate of the prowess of the whites was 
greatly exalted and the situation at Fort McKenzie was 
materially improved, 


CHAP LERUY. 


SMUGGLING LIQUOR UP THE MISSOURI. 


Steamboat trip of American Fur Company, 1843 — Audubon on board 
— Arrival at Bellevue — Boat stopped by soldiers — Audubon visits Cap- 
tain Burgwin—JInspection of the boat— Everything satisfactory — 
Voyage of 1844— Liquor casks put inside the flour barrels — Barrels 
rolled off at Bellevue — Inspector finds nothing — Barrels rolled on af- 
ter dark — Boat leaves before daylight — Suspicions of agent aroused — 
Discovers the fraud — Serious complications. 


ae annual outfit of the American Fur Company for the 

Upper Missouri for 1843 was sent up in the steamboat 
Omega, Captain Joseph A. Sire master, and Captain Joseph 
La Barge pilot. The boat carried as passenger the cele- 
brated naturalist, Audubon, who was ascending the river 
with a small company in the interests of his scientific pur- 
suits. There was on board the usual amount of liquor, 
which was gotten safely past Fort Leavenworth. The 
point of greatest danger was at that time Bellevue. It 
happened, however, on the present occasion that the agent 
was absent from the post when the boat arrived and accord- 
ingly there was no inspection. Elated at this unexpected 
good fortune Captain Sire lost no time in putting off the 
freight destined for this point and in getting on his way. 
He pursued his voyage until nine o’clock that evening, and 
doubtless felicitated himself that he was out of danger. 
But it appears that the agent had delegated the function of 
inspector during his absence to the commander of the 
United States troops in the vicinity. The boat left her 
mooring at daylight next morning, but had scarcely gotten 
under way when a couple of rifle shots were fired across 
her bow. She brought to at once and made for the shore. 


AUDUBON’S VALUABLE SERVICES. 679 


There they found a lieutenant in charge of a few dra- 
goons who had come from the camp four miles dis- 
tant. The young officer came on board and presented to 
Captain Sire a polite note from Captain Burgwin, who 
commanded the detachment of troops, stating that his orders 
required him to inspect the boat before letting her pro- 
ceed. 

This was like a dash of cold water on the buoyant spirits 
of Captain Sire and none the less so to Audubon, to whom, 
as well as to the company, the loss of the liquid portion of 
the cargo would have been irreparable. The naturalist 
had a permit from the government to carry with him a 
quantity of liquor for the use of himself and party, and upon 
showing his credentials to the young officer he was, to use 
his own words, “immediately settled comfortably.” But 
in the moment of his good fortune he did not forget his 
companions who were not yet “settled comfortably.” He 
understood that time was required for the crew to prepare 
for the approaching function, and he could at least help to 
secure this time by delaying inspection as long as possible. 
He accordingly expressed a desire to visit the camp, and 
the lieutenant detailed a dragoon to accompany him. The 
great naturalist rode four miles to camp to call upon 
an obscure army officer whom he knew he could see in a 
short time by waiting at the boat. The officer was over- 
whelmed at the honor of the visit, and when Audubon 
offered to present his credentials he politely and gallantly 
replied that his name was too well known throughout the 
United States to require any letters. Audubon says of the 
occasion: “I was on excellent and friendly terms in less 
time than it has taken me to write this account of our meet- 
ing.” Between his entertaining conversation and the 
shooting of some birds he contrived to detain the Captain 
for a good two hours before they returned to the boat. 

The time had not been wasted by Captain Sire and his 
loyal crew. The shallow hold of the steamboat of those 
days was divided lengthwise into two compartments by a 


680 THE TRAMWAY IN THE HOLD. 


partition or bulkhead running the full length of the boat. 
A narrow-gauge tramway extended down each side of the 
hold its entire length, the two sides connecting with each 
other by a curve which passed under the hatchway in the 
forecastle. Small cars received the cargo let down through 
the hatchway, and carried it to its place in the hold or 
brought it out again when the boat was being unloaded. A 
car could pass from the stern of the boat on one side of the 
hold around the curve in the bow and to the stern of the 
boat on the other side. There being no windows in the 
hold, everything was buried in blackness a few feet from 
the hatchway. Workmen were lighted in their labors by 
means of candles. 

During the absence of Audubon the crew had loaded all 
the liquor upon the cars, and had run them down one side 
of the hold far enough from the hatchway to be entirely 
concealed in the darkness. They were carefully instructed 
in the part they had to play in the approaching comedy, and 
very likely were put through a preliminary rehearsal or two. 

When Captain Burgwin arrived in Audubon’s company 
he was received most hospitably and treated to a luncheon, 
in which was included, as a matter of course, a generous 
portion from the private store embraced in Audubon’s “‘cre- 
dentials.” By this time the young Captain was in most 
excellent temper toward his hosts, and was quite disposed to 
forego the inspection altogether. But the virtuous Sire 
would not have it so. “I insisted, as it were,” says the 
worthy navigator in his log of May roth, “ that he make 
the strictest possible search, but upon the condition that he 
would do the same with the other traders.” 1 

*Log of steamboat Omega, May 10, 1843.—Nous venons trés bien 
jusqu’aux cotes a Hart ou, a sept heures, nous sommes sommés, par un 
officier de dragoons de mettre a terre. Je recois une note polie du Ca- 
pitaine Burgwin m’informant que son devoir l’oblige de faire visiter le 
bateau. AussitOt nous nous mettons a l’ouvrage, et pendant ce temps 
M. Audubon va faire une visite au Capitaine. Ils reviennent ensemble 
deux heures apres. Je force en quelque sorte l’officier a faire une re- 


cherche aussi stricte que possible, mais a la condition qu’il en sera de 
méme avec les autres traiteurs.” 


EVERYTHING AS IT’ SHOULD BE. 68r 


A proposition so eminently fair was at once agreed to by 
the inspector, whose mellow faculties were now in a most 
accommodating condition. The shrewd steamboat master, 
who never forgot to be sober when his company’s interests 
were at stake, escorted the officer down the hatchway, and 
together they groped their way along the hold by the light 
of a not too brilliant candle. It may be imagined with what 
zeal the scrupulous Captain thrust the ineffectual flame into 
every nook and corner, and even insisted that the inspector 
move a box or a bale now and then to assure himself that 
everything was all right. 

Arrived at the foot of the hold they passed through an 
opening in the partition and started back on the other side. 
The officer was doubtless too much absorbed with the effects 
of his recent collation, to notice the glimmer of light under 
the hatchway at the other end of the boat, where a miniature 
train with its suspicious cargo was creeping stealthily 
around the curve and disappearing toward the side which 
they had just left. The party finished their inspection and 
everything was found quite as it should be. With many 
protestations of good will the clever hosts and _ their 
delighted guest parted company and the good Captain Sire 
went on his way rejoicing. But woe to the luckless craft 
of some rival trader which should happen along with no 
Audubon in the cabin and no tramway in the hold! 

In the year following that of the incident just related, 
Captains Sire and La Barge were in charge of the company’s 
annual boat, this year the Nimrod. The same agent, a Mr. 
Miller, still held the reins of authority at Bellevue. He was 
an ex-Methodist minister, and as zealous in suppressing the 
liquor traffic among the Indians as he had ever been in the 
regular practice of his profession. It was his boast that 
no liquor could pass his agency. He rummaged every boat 
from stem to stern, broke open the packages, overturned the 
piles of merchandise, and with a long, slender pointed rod 
pierced the bales of blankets and clothing, lest kegs of alco- 
hol might be rolled up within. The persistent clergyman 


682 BOGUS BARRELS OF FLOUR. 


put the experienced agents of the company to their wit’s 
ends, and it was much as ever that they succeeded in eluding 
his scrutiny. 

The urgency of the problem, however, produced its own 
solution. Captain Sire had the alcohol all packed inside 
barrels of flour. But he knew that even this device would 
alone not be enough, for the energetic agent would very 
likely have the barrels burst open. ‘The Captain therefore 
had them all marked as if consigned to Peter A. Sarpy, the 
company’s agent at Bellevue, and they were labeled in large 
letters “P. A. SS.’ The moment the nose of the boat 
touched the landing at Bellevue, the Captain, as was his 
custom, ordered the freight for that point placed on shore, 
and the barrels were promptly bowled out upon the bank 
and carried into the warehouse. ‘The agent, never suspect- 
ing this freight, went on board, and after the most rigid 
search, found nothing. The boat was permitted to proceed, 
but contrary to its usual haste in getting on its way as soon 
as the loading or unloading was complete, it remained the 
rest of the day and gave out that it would not sail until 
the following morning. The extraordinary good character 
of the boat on this occasion, and the unusually long delay 
in departing, roused the suspicions of the agent, who sta- 
tioned a man to watch the boat and to whistle if he saw 
anything wrong. 

Everything remained quiet until some time after mid- 
night, except that a full head of steam was kept up in the 
boilers. Presently there was great activity on the boat, 
although with an ominous silence about it all The pilot, 
Captain La Barge, was quietly engineering the reloading of 
the barrels. He had spread tarpaulins on the deck and 
gang plank to deaden the noise, and the full crew of the boat 
were hurrying the barrels back in a most lively fashion. 
“What does this mean?” one of the deck hands asked of 
another. ‘“ We unloaded these barrels yesterday.” “Why, 
don’t you see?” was the brilliant reply of another, “ they’re 
marked ‘P A S’; they’ve got to pass.” 


CREDULITY OVERSTRAINED. 683 


The work was quickly over and every barrel was on 
board, when the agent’s sleepy guard awoke to the fact that 
something was going on. He uttered his signal, and the 
agent made haste to turn out and see what was the matter. 
La Barge and Captain Sire, who knew full well what the 
whistle meant, did not linger to make explanations. Cap- 
tain La Barge seized an axe and cut the line. “* Get aboard, 
men!’ he shouted, “The line has parted!’ The boat 
instantly dropped back into the current and then stood out 
into the river under her own steam. She was already too 
far from the bank to be reached when the reverend inspector 
appeared and wanted to know why they were off so early. 
It was about 3 A. M. “Oh, the line broke,” replied Captain 
La Barge, “and it was so near time to start that it was not 
worth while to tie up again.” ? 

This was a little too much for the agent, who could not 
understand how it happened that the boat was so thoroughly 
prepared for such an accident, with steam up, pilot at the 
wheel, crew at their places, and all at so early an hour. 
Next day he found that the barrels consigned to Sarpy were 
gone, and saw how completely he had been duped. Morti- 
fied and indignant, he reported the company to the author- 
ities, and a long train of difficulties ensued, with ineffectual 
threats of cancelling the company’s license. Meanwhile the 
alcohol found its intended destination in the stomachs of the 
Indians, and the company reaped the enormous profit which 
traffic in that article always yielded. 


* Captain Sire, in the log book of the Nimrod, Friday, May 10, 1844, 
says: “Il s’est passé encore longtemps avant que Messrs. les agents 
faisaient leur visite. Tout se trouvait satisfaisant. J’ai décidé de ne 
partir que demain matin, et pour cause——May 10. Nous nous mettons 
en route avant le jour.” 


CHAPTER VI. 


ROSE AND BECKWOURTH, THE CROW CHIEFS. 


Adoption of white men into the Indian tribes— Edward Rose — 
His bad reputation — His service with Hunt —In Ashley’s employ — 
Interpreter for Col. Leavenworth in the Aricara campaign — Interpre- 
ter for General Atkinson in 1825 — Rose’s death — His grave — James 
P. Beckwourth — Youth — Enters service of General Ashley — Adopted 
by the Crows— Comment on his work. 


Tt was a common thing among all the Indians to adopt 

white men into the tribes and occasionally to make 
them chiefs. They were sensible of the superiority of the 
white man’s intellectual power and the advantage which his 
knowledge gave him, and where they found one who would 
enter with true spirit into their own manner of living, they 
were always ready to honor him with authority. There 
were two conspicuous examples of this in the history of the 
Crow tribe during the period of the fur trade. Edward 
Rose and James P. Beckwourth were recognized Crow 
leaders for many years. Strange to say, both of these men 
were of mixed negro blood, but except in this respect there 
was no similarity. Of Rose nothing is known except what 
is reported by others. There is no written word of his in 
existence nor any verbal expression reported by others. 
Beckwourth, on the other hand, dictated his biography, and 
it was duly published. Beckwourth did not begin his career 


among the Crows until Rose was nearly done with them,‘ 


and there are certain noted exploits related by Beckwourth 
in his autobiography which were probably performed by 
Rose. 

EpwarpbD Rose was the son of a white man, a trader 
among the Cherokee Indians, and of a half-breed Cherokee 


EDWARD ROSE. 685 


and negro woman. He was a man of powerful frame and 
in some of his experiences had received a cut through the 
nose, which gave him the nickname of Nez C oupé, or Cut 
Nose Rose. He was a man of few words, rather inclined 
to be moody in disposition. All in all, his appearance and 
habits may have justified the description given by Irving, 
particularly if one did not like him—“a dogged, sullen. 
silent fellow, with a sinister aspect and more of the savage 
than the civilized man in his appearance.” Irving gives the 
following additional facts in Rose’s early history: “ Rose 
had formerly belonged to one of the gangs of pirates who 
infested the islands of the Mississippi, plundering boats as 
they went up and down the river, and who sometimes shifted 
the scene of their robberies to the shore, waylaying travelers 
as they returned by land from New Orleans with the pro- 
ceeds of their downward voyage, plundering them of their 
money and effects, and often perpetrating the most atrocious 
murders. 

_ “ These hordes of’villains being broken up and dispersed, 

Rose had betaken himself to the wilderness, and associated 
himself with the Crows, whose predatory habits were con- 
genial to his own, had married a woman of the tribe, and, 
in short, had identified himself with those vagrant savages.”’ 

In 1823 Joshua Pilcher referred to Rose in one of his 
letters as “a celebrated outlaw who left this country in 
chains some ten years ago.’ Colonel Leavenworth in an 
official report of the same year, after commending the serv- 
ices of Rose as his interpreter, says: “I have since heard 
that he was not of good character.” 

It is apparent, therefore, that Rose bore a bad reputation. 
but the singular thing is that everything definite that is 
known of him is entirely to his credit. If judgment were 
to be passed only on the record as it has come down to us, 
he would stand as high as any character in the history of 
the fur trade. 

Rose first went up the river either in 1807 or 18009, and 
soon after fell in with the Crow Indians, with whom he took 


686 ROSE AMONG THE ARICARAS. 


up his abode. He apparently remained there until the 
spring of 1811, when he went over to the Missouri river. 
Meeting Wilson P. Hunt with his party of Astorians, he 
engaged as interpreter and guide through the Crow country. 
Hunt, during the journey, became thoroughly panic-stricken 
because he imagined that Rose was planning to betray his 
party to the Crows. There is not the slightest evidence of 
any such intention, and Hunt’s conduct, which was the 
result of his inexperience, is little better than ridiculous. 
When the party passed the Crow country Rose was left 
with those Indians, much to Mr. Hunt’s relief. 

There is only one reference to Rose after this time and 
before the Aricara campaign. In 1812 he was in account 
with the Missouri Fur Company, apparently in the capacity 
of a free hunter, and a record of the account may be seen 
in one of the company books now in possession of the Kan- 
sas Historical Society. Rose probably remained with the 
Crows most of the time for the next eight or ten years, when 
he went to reside with the Aricaras, not later than 1820. 
and stayed with them for the next three years. With the 
revival of the trade under Pilcher and Ashley in the early 
twenties, Rose became useful as an interpreter. He acted 
in that capacity for Ashley when the latter met his disastrous 
defeat at the hands of the Aricaras in 1823. Rose had 
warned Ashley of his danger, for he had seen that something 
wrong was going on; but Ashley was deceived by the pre- 
tended friendship of the Indians and rejected the warning. 

When Colonel Leavenworth came up the river a month 
later with his military force, Rose was engaged as inter- 
preter, and was also given the nominal rank of ensign upon 
Ashley’s recommendation. The report of Colonel Leaven- 
worth shows that Rose took an active part in the operations 
before the villages, and it was upon him that the main reli- 
ance was placed for opening communication with the Ari- 
caras. Rose gave Leavenworth notice of the intention of 
the Indians to evacuate the villages, but in this case, as in 
that of Ashley, his warning was not believed until it was too 


HEROIC CONDUCT IN BATTLE. 687 


late. That Colonel Leavenworth placed a high value upon 
the services of Rose may be seen from the following refer- 
ence contained in his official report to General Atkinson, 
dated October 20, 1823: “I had not found any one willing 
to go into those villages, except a man by the name of Rose, 
who had the nominal rank of ensign in General Ashley’s 
volunteers. He appeared to be a brave and enterprising 
man, and was well acquainted with those Indians. He had 
resided for about three years with them; understood their 
language, and they were much attached to him. He was 
with General Ashley when he was attacked. The Indians 
at that time called to him to take care of himself, before 
they fired upon General Ashley’s party. This was all I 
knew of the man. I have since heard that he was not of 
good character. Everything he told us, however, was fully 
corroborated. He was perfectly willing to go into their 
villages, and did go in several times.” 

When General Atkinson and Major O’Fallon went up 
_ the Missouri with the military expedition of 1825, Rose was 
employed as interpreter. The record of the expedition 
mentions him frequently and it is clear that he was of great 
use to the commissioners. | 

From this time on very little is known of Rose. He is 
mentioned now and then in connections that show him still 
among the Crows. He was seen there in 1832 by Leonard. 
who gives a somewhat extended though inaccurate account 
of him. Leonard saw him again in 1834, when he was the 
hero of an exploit which Beckwourth claims as his own. 
In November of that year there was a terrible battle between 
the Blackfeet and the Crows in the country of the latter 
tribe. The Blackfeet, who were at a disadvantage in point 
of numbers, had fortified themselves on a hill, where they 
succeeded in standing off the attack. The Crows made sev- 
eral ineffectual charges, but did not dare to assault the fort. 
Finally “the old negro,” as Leonard calls Rose, came to 
their aid. He upbraided them. for their failure, exhorted 
them to show more spirit, and then himself led the charge. 


688 DEATH OF ROSE. 


It was successful, and all of the inmates of the fort were 
slain. 

It is not certain when or how Rose died, but one account 
says that it was near Fort Cass. With several companions 
he was surprised and surrounded by a band of Aricara 
Indians. They succeeded in holding them off for some 
time, but finally the Indians set fire to the prairie grass and 
the whites saw that the game was up with them. The fire 
would either burn them to death or force them to leave their 
cover, in which case they would fall an instant prey to the 
savages. What action they took can only be surmised, but 
a loud explosion was soon heard, and upon going to the spot 
it was found that all had been killed by the explosion of a 
keg of gunpowder. It is presumed that they ended their 
lives in this way rather than fall into the hands of the 
Indians. 

Whether this story is true or not, the locality of the occur- 
rence is most likely wrong, for Rose was buried on the 
banks of the Missouri nearly opposite to the mouth of Milk 
river. On any of the old steamboat itineraries of the Mis- 
souri river may be seen among the names in that vicinity, 
““ Rose’s Grave.” 


The second of the Crow chiefs above referred to was 
James P. BeckwourtTH. The name of this redoubtable 
prevaricator was not Beckwourth until his biography came 
to be written. In the days when he was a roustabout on 
Missouri river steamboats, or a wild savage among his 
adopted tribe, he was plain Jim Beckwith, and is so carried 
on the rolls of the American Fur Company, who employed 
him at various times. 

According to his own account (a most questionable 
authority, but we have no other upon most of the matters 
relating to him), he was born in Fredericksburg, Virginia, 
April 26, 1798. At the age of seven or eight he was taken 
to St. Louis with his parents, who soon moved to the point 
of land between the Mississippi and Missouri rivers near 


JAMES P. BECKWOURTH. 689 


old Portage des Sioux. At ten he was put to school in St. 
Louis. At fourteen he was apprenticed to learn the black- 
smith trade. After five years’ service he fell out with his 
employer and hired out on a steamboat going up the Missis- 
sippi river. He remained in the vicinity of Galena for 
eighteen months. Returning to St. Louis he made a steam- 
boat trip to New Orleans and caught the yellow fever on 
his way back. Surviving this attack he enlisted in Ashley’s 
Rocky mountain party of 1824. He did not get to the 
mountains that year, but was sent back by Ashley for 
horses, and in the following spring went through to Green 
river. 

After Ashley had made his fortune and retired from the 
mountains, Beckwourth entered upon a series of experiences 
that filled every month of his life with more adventures than 
the average mountaineer could boast of in twice as many 
years. The most important event, however, was his induc- 
tion into the Crow nation as a bona fide member of that ras- 
cally commonwealth. Whether Beckwourth or the Crows 
got the worst of the bargain it might be difficult to decide, 
but the way it came about has all the naive ingenuity which 
characterizes the most elaborate of his yarns. Beckwourth 
was a mulatto or some other combination of white and Afri- 
can blood. The color of his skin, joined with other char- 
acteristics of physiognomy, made it quite possible to coun- 
terfeit a resemblance to the Indians which was hard to dis- 
tinguish from the genuine article. One of his companions, 
by way of joke, told the Crows that Beckwourth actually 
belonged to their nation, having been separated from it in 
infancy, in some way or other. The Crows eagerly swal- 
lowed the story, and insisted on restoring Beckwourth to his 
long-lost place in a family of the tribe. Henceforth Beck- 
wourth was a Crow, and the deeds of valor which he says 
he performed in the ensuing years exalted his name among 
his people and raised him to a high pre-eminence among the 
surrounding tribes. 

It is idle to treat as reliable history the ingenious 


690 FABULOUS EXPLOITS. 


collection of heroic achievements which he has dignified 
under the style of “autobiography.’’ The whole work is 
replete with fable, and there is probably not a single state- 
ment in it that is correct as given. So far as can be deter- 
mined, only a few positive facts stand out with definite 
clearness. There was such a man as Beckwourth. He 
went to the mountains with Ashley. He somehow gained 
great influence with the Crows. He worked for the Amer- 
ican Fur Company. He was never in government employ 
during this early period. He was seen now and then by 
parties who have recorded their journeys in this country, but 
he was certainly not a character of high standing or impor- 
tance. 

Knowing the slender basis of fact upon which his biog- 
raphy rests, it is at once accepted as fable and enjoyed as one 
of the richest assortments of yarns that has ever found a 
resting place within the covers of a book. It is not without 
value, either, for it does unintentionally now and then 
furnish sidelights that assist in checking the statements of 
others. While it makes no pretension to be, what it is not, 
reliable history, it reflects, in its very exaggeration, a living 
picture of the times. Its lack of fidelity to facts is readily 
forgiven where it would be condemned in a book like the 
Lost Trappers, which pretends to be truthful history.! 

Beckwourth belonged to a class without which the history 
of those times would lose much of its spice and variety — . 
he was one of those “charming liars,’ as some one has 
expressed it, who are delightful to listen to for the very 
enormity of their misstatements. The early West had many 
such characters, but few, like Beckwourth, have made for 
themselves a place in literature or history. 

Although a man of the most ordinary importance, Beck- 
wourth nevertheless stood fairly well with his fellows. He 

1The Life and Adventures of James P. Beckwourth, Mountaineer, 
Scout, Pioneer and Chief of the Crow Nation of Indians. Written 
from his own dictation by T. D. Bonner. New Edition edited with 


Preface by Charles G. Leland (“Hans Breitmann”), London and 
New York, 1892. 


WITH AMERICAN FUR COMPANY. 691 


was employed by the American Fur Company, not at Beck- 
wourth’s alleged figure of $3,000 per year, but $800, a very 
good salary as wages then ran, and one that indicates good 
standing with the company. There are also references in 
the correspondence of the company that indicate as much. 


GHAPTER VIT? 


ALEXANDER HARVEY, DESPERADO. 


farly life -— Enters the fur trade — Troublesome disposition — Sum- 
moned to St. Louis — Makes winter journey — Re-employed — Ascends 
the Missouri— Thrashes his personal enemies— Kills Isodoro the 
Spaniard — Blackfoot massacre of 1843—Atrocious murder of In- 
dians — Attempted murder of Harvey — Forms the opposition company 
of Harvey, Primeau and Company. 


LEXANDER HARVEY ! was one of the boldest men 
and most reckless desperadoes known to the fur 
trade. He was well built physically, about six feet tall and 
weighed between one hundred and sixty and one hundred 
and seventy pounds. He was strongly knit, capable of great 
endurance, and wholly devoid of physical fear. In ordinary 
intercourse, when not under the influence of liquor or pas- 
sion, he was disposed to be fair and reasonable. But he had 
a perverse and unruly temper, and when once his enmity 
was aroused he was relentless and unforgiving. 

He was born and reared in St. Louis, and was apprenticed 
to learn the saddler’s trade; but his headstrong disposition 
got him into trouble with his employers and he left them. 
Before he had passed his minority he had entered the employ 
of the American ur Company, and saw his first service at 
Fort McKenzie, the most remote of the company’s posts. 
Here he remained for several years; but his wicked and 
intolerant demeanor toward his associates made his presence 
a constant source of irritation, and word was sent to St. 
Louis that he would have to be gotten rid of in some way. 
Mr. Chouteau accordingly sent him his discharge, and in 


* This sketch of Alexander Harvey is taken mainly from Forty Years 
a Fur Trader, by Charles Larpenteur. 


THRASHES HIS ENEMIES. 693 


order to insure his early departure requested him to report 
in person at St. Louis. 

It was Christmas time before the discharge arrived, and 
at that season of the year it was considered almost madness 
to undertake a long journey, particularly if one were alone. 
But Harvey, in spite of all remonstrance (no doubt feigned 
in large part), made ready to start the next morning on the 
long journey of nearly two thousand five hundred miles 
through a desolate and dangerous country. “TI will not let 
Mr. Chouteau wait long on me,” he said. “I shall start in 
the morning; all I want for my journey is my rifle, and my 
dog to carry my bedding.” He reached St. Louis early in 
March, and Mr. Chouteau was so much impressed with the 
hazard of the performance that he actually renewed Har- 
vey’s engagement. 

It was now about time for the annual steamboat to start 
up the river, and Harvey made ready to return at once. 
On his way up he remarked to Larpenteur, who was also 
returning to Fort Union from St. Louis, that he had several 
settlements to make with the gentlemen who had caused him 
his long winter’s tramp. “I never forget or forgive,’ he 
said; “it may not be for years, but they will all have to 
catch it.” Accordingly he kept his eye out for those whom 
he suspected of any complicity in the movement against him. 
He found one of them at Fort Clark and gave him an unmer- 
ciful pounding, remarking, when he was through, “ That’s 
number one.” At Fort Union he found several more, and 
as fast as he could single them out from the sixty or more 
inmates of the fort, he would knock them down and adminis- 
ter a terrible drubbing. 

Harvey kept on in the company’s employ and served them 
well, but he had aroused the hatred of most of the other em- 
ployes, and there were no doubt many plots to take his life. 
In 1841 he was sent down from Fort Union to Pierre with 
mackinaw boats laden with furs. He was to return on the 
spring steamboat from St. Louis. To assist him on the 
down voyage was one Isodoro, a Spaniard, and bitter per- 


694 ISODORO THE SPANIARD. 


sonal enemy of Harvey. This singular action of the author- 
ities at Union was believed by some to signify a plot to 
murder Harvey on the way. The trip, however, passed off 
all right and the two men returned with the boat to Fort 
Union. 

Soon after their return Isodoro opened up hostilities in 
earnest, and started to parade around with his rifle, threat- 
ening to kill Harvey. The latter, thinking that he was 
drunk, kept out of his way and the day passed without 
further development. The next day all the clerks were 
ordered by Mr. Culbertson to go to the warehouse and make 
up the equipment for Fort McKenzie. Going there in a 
little while himself, Culbertson found that Isodoro had not 
put in an appearance as directed. He and Harvey then 
went into the retail store, where they found the Spaniard 
standing behind the counter. Harvey asked him what he 
meant by his conduct of the day before and then chal- 
lenged him to come out. The Spaniard did not stir and 
Harvey then “went back into the store and said, ‘ You 
won't fight me like a man, so take that!’ and shot him 
through the head. After this he went into the middle of the 
fort, saying, ‘I, Alexander Harvey, have killed the Span- 
iard. If there are any of his friends that want to take it up, 
let them come on; but no one dared to do so, and this was 
the last of the Spaniard.” 

Two years later Harvey was the principal actor in that 
diabolical tragedy at Fort McKenzie, the Blackfoot massacre 
of 1843. The trader in charge of the post was Francis A. 
Chardon, almost as desperate a character as Harvey him- 
self. Through one of those chance misunderstandings 
which now and then occurred, the Blackfeet had killed a 
negro servant of Chardon. It happened that Chardon 
thought a good deal of the fellow and in his exasperation 
he resolved on a terrible revenge. He laid the matter before 
Harvey and the latter gladly agreed to carry out the details 
of Chardon’s plan. This was to have the cannon of the bas- 
tion trained upon the door of the fort when the band next 


ATROCIOUS DEEDS. 695 


came into trade. Two or three of the chiefs would then be 
admitted, and while the door was crowded with Indians the 
cannon would be discharged and the three chiefs massacred. 
It was expected that the rest of the Indians would be so 
panic-stricken that they would run, leaving their horses, furs, 
and equipments. The plan only partly succeeded, owing to 
failure to cooperate exactly. Chardon opened fire on the 
chiefs, but before Harvey could set off the cannon the In- 
dians had begun to scatter. Only three Indians were killed 
and three wounded, including one of the chiefs. Harvey 
killed the wounded man with his knife and then made the 
squaws dance the scalp dance around the scalps of their 
fallen warriors. Chardon and Harvey secured very little of 
the booty which they had expected to obtain. 

Another of Harvey’s atrocious deeds while at Fort Mc- 
Kenzie has been preserved by Larpenteur. One day a party 
of five Indians undertook to steal some cattle belonging to 
the post. Harvey took some horses and started in pursuit 
of them. Hesoon overtook one Indian who had shot a cow, 
and firing at him, broke his thigh. The Indian fell to the 
ground and lay there, when Harvey came up and sat down 
beside him. The heartless fiend then “ having lighted his 
pipe and made the poor Indian smoke, . . .. said: ,‘I 
am going to kill you, but I will give you a little time to take 
a good look at your country.’ The Indian begged for his 
life, saying, “Comrade, it is true I was a fool. I killed 
your cow, but now you have broken my thigh; this ought 
to make us even — spare my life!’ ‘No,’ said Harvey; 
“look well, for the last time, at all those nice hills — at all 
those paths which lead to the fort, where you came with 
your parents to trade, playing with your sweethearts — look 
at that, will you, for the last time.’ So saying, with his gun 
pointed at the head of his victim, he pulled the trigger and 
the Indian was no more.” 

Harvey eventually became a very heavy burden to the 
American Fur Company, for although an able man and a 
good trader, his outrageous deeds were too much for his 


696 CONSPIRACY TO KILL HARVEY. 


associates to endure. There was a strong undercurrent of 
feeling against him which was liable at any time to result 
in his murder. Harvey himself began to see that his life 
was in danger, and he was probably ready to relinquish the 
service as soon as he could decently do so. The matter came 
to a head in 1845, when an abortive attempt to murder him 
ended in his severance of further connection with the com- 
pany. Harvey was at this time in temporary charge of Fort 
Chardon, which had been built at the mouth of the Judith 
river after the abandonment of Fort McKenzie. Mr. Cul- 
bertson went up with the spring outfit from Fort Union to 
take charge and build a new post farther up. Malcolm 
Clark, James Lee, and the old interpreter Berger were along. 
These three men were enemies of Harvey and concerted 
together to kill him. When Harvey heard of the approach 
of the boat he rode some twenty miles down stream to 
meet it. Leaving his horse with a man who had come with 
him, he went on to the boat and entered the cabin. He 
offered to shake hands with Clark, but the latter replied that 
he would have nothing to do with such a man, and struck 
him over the head with a tomahawk. Berger also struck 
him with a rifle. Harvey grappled Clark and would have 
thrown him into the river had not Lee disabled him with 
a blow from his pistol across the hand. Harvey then 
escaped to shore, took his horse and fled to the fort. The 
employes took sides with him, and they placed the fort in 
a state of defense, refusing admission to any of the boat 
party. Finally, after much hard pleading, Culbertson was 
admitted. He had always been friendly to Harvey and he 
now agreed, on condition that Harvey would surrender the | 
fort, to give him a draft for all his wages and a letter of 
recommendation. Harvey then left the fort in a canoe with 
one man.? 


*The foregoing account is confirmed in the following letter from 
M. H. Harvey, Superintendent of Indian Affairs, St. Louis, to Andrew 
Drips, Indian Agent for the tribes of the Upper Missouri, dated St. 
Louis, March 13, 1846: 

“Tt having been satisfactorily established by a recent investigation 


HARVEY, PRIMEAU AND COMPANY, 697 


After stopping for two days at Fort Union he pursued 
his course down the river. Before leaving he said, “ Never 
mind! You will see old Harvey here again.” And sure 
enough, when he arrived at Fort Pierre he found several of 
the old employes of the American Fur Company who had 
become dissatisfied, banding together to form a new com- 
pany. He joined them and became senior member of the 
new firm, which was called Harvey, Primeau and Company. 
It carried on quite an effective opposition to the American 
Fur Company for a number of years. 


held at this office that Mr. Francis A. Chardon, one of the traders of 
P. Chouteau, Jr. & Co., has clearly violated the intercourse laws of the 
United States by directing the sale of spiritous liquors to Indians; and 
it having also been set forth under oath that three of the engagés of 
the said P. Chouteau, Jr. & Co., namely, James Lee, Malcolm Clark, and 
Jacob Berger, have attempted the murder of an American citizen, Alex 
Harvey; you are hereby required to order the above named persons 
out of the Indian country forthwith. It is highly desirable that they 
should, if possible, be sent here, in order that they may be dealt with 
according to law.” 


CHAP TEROVITE 


MIRACULOUS ESCAPE OF HUGH GLASS. 


Biographical notes — Wounded in Aricara fight — Joins Henry’s ex- 
pedition to the Yellowstone — Attacked by a grizzly bear — Nearly 
killed — Left with two companions— His companions desert him — 
Crawls to Fort Kiowa — Ascends the river to find his faithless com- 
panions — Arrives at Henry’s fort on Bighorn river — Sets out for Fort | 
Atkinson — Attacked by the Aricaras— Arrives at Fort Atkinson — 
Forgives his enemies — Continues in the fur trade — Finally killed by 
the Aricaras — Glass’ Bluffs — Johnson Gardner avenges his death. 


MONG the anecdotes that have come down to us of 
wild life on the plains, none is better authenticated 
than that of the escape of Hugh Glass from the very portal 
of death at the hands of a grizzly bear. The story has 
survived in oral tradition and is well known by the older 
men of the mountains and plains who still live. It has 
thrice been embodied in written description.1 The follow- 
ing account is taken from the Missourt Intelligencer, which 
in turn borrowed it from the Portfolio. It is in all respects , 
the most circumstantial narrative extant and is evidently the 
most correct in its details. The incident is one of those 
which were so frequent in those early days, although it must 
have been considerably more noteworthy than the average 
or it would not have survived so long. 

Hugh Glass was born in Pennsylvania — the only scrap 
of his early history that has come down to us. He was 
called an “old man” as early .as 1824. Our first real 
knowledge of him is in 1823,-when he is discovered to be 


1 Missouri Intelligencer, June 18, 1825; Scenes in the Rocky Moun- 
tains (Sage), p. 117; Scenes and Adventures in the Umted States 
Army (Cooke), p. 135. 


ENCOUNTER WITH A GRIZZLY. 699 


one of Ashley and Henry’s men. He received a wound in 
Ashley’s fight before the Aricara towns. 

After the Leavenworth campaign was over, Andrew 
Henry set out for the Yellowstone river and Glass was one 
of the party. Their route lay up Grand river through a 
country interspersed with thickets of brushwood, dwarf 
plum trees and other shrubs indigenous to this barren soil. 
As these nomadic parties usually drew their food, and to a 
large extent their raiment, from the country through which 
they were passing, it was necessary to keep one or two hunt- 
ers ahead of the main party in search of game. Glass, hav- 
ing a high reputation as a hunter and a good shot, was often 
detailed upon this important duty. On the present occa- 
sion he was a short distance in advance of the party, forcing 
his way through a thicket, when he suddenly came upon a 
grizzly bear that had lain down in the sand. Before he 
could “set his triggers,” or even turn to fly, the bear seized 
him by the throat and lifted him off the ground. Then 
flinging him down, the ferocious animal tore off a mouth- 
ful of his flesh and turned and gave it to her cubs, which 
were near by. Glass now endeavored to escape, but the 
bear, followed by her cubs, pounced upon him again. She 
seized him by the shoulder and inflicted dangerous wounds 
in his hands and arms. His companion had by this time 
come up and was making war upon the cubs, but one of 
them drove him into the river, where, standing waist deep in 
the water, he killed his pursuer with a shot from his rifle. 
The main body now arrived, having heard cries for succor, 
and after several shots from close at hand, slew the bear as 
she was standing over the prostrate body of her victim.® 


* According to Cooke, Henry had eighty men bound for the head- 
waters of the Yellowstone. The incident with the bear occurred on 
the fifth day out, near evening. 

*Cooke’s account is quite different, the essential particulars being 
that Glass was caught too suddenly to retreat and staked his all upon 
a single deliberate shot; which, although it was ultimately fatal, was 
not immediately so. The bear rushed upon Glass with such speed and 
ferocity that escape was impossible. She overtook him, crushed him 


700 GLASS DESERTED BY HIS COMPANIONS. 


Although still alive, the condition of the unfortunate 
hunter seemed well-nigh hopeless. His whole body was 
in a mangled condition. He was utterly unable to stand 
and was suffering excruciating torment. There was no 
surgical aid to be had and it was impossible to move 
him. Delay of the party might bring disaster upon all, 
yet it was repugnant to the feelings of the men to leave 
the sufferer alone. In this predicament Major Henry suc- 
ceeded, by offer of a reward,* in inducing two men to 
remain with Glass until he should expire, or until he should 
so far recover as to bear removal to some of the trading 
houses in that country. These men remained with Glass 
five days, when, despairing of his recovery, and at the same 
time seeing no prospects of immediate death, they cruelly 
abandoned him, taking with them his rifle and all his accou- 
trements, so that he was left without means of defense, sub- 
sistence or shelter. The faithless wretches then set out on 
the trail of their employer, and when they overtook him, 
reported that Glass had died of his wounds and that they had 
buried him in the best manner possible. They produced his 
effects in confirmation and their story was readily accepted. 

But Glass was not dead, and although the dread messen- 
ger had hovered for many days so near, yet the stricken suf- 
ferer would not receive him, but persistently motioned him 
away. When Glass realized the treachery of his compan- 
ions, far from despairing on account of it, he felt a new 
determination to live, if for nothing else than to search out 
his base betrayers and call them to account. There was a 
spring near by and hither Glass drew himself. Over it 
hung a few bushes with wild cherries and near by were some 
buffalo berries that he could reach. Here he remained day 
after day, gradually nursing back his strength, until he felt 
to the earth, and mangled him so terribly that it seemed as if he must 
have been killed. She then started after the other hunters, who barely 
escaped with their lives before the bear succumbed to the effects of 
Glass’ shot. 


“Cooke says that a purse of eighty dollars was made up by the 
men as a present to any two who would stay with Glass. 


>. 
4 
pe 


GLASS CRAWLS TO FORT KIOWA. 7OL 


that he could undertake to leave his lonesome and unhappy 
camping ground. He resolved to strike out for Fort Kio- 
wa, a post on the Missouri river a hundred miles away. It 
required magnificent fortitude to set out on a journey like 
that, still unable to stand, and with hardly strength to drag 
one limb after the other; with no provisions nor means of 
securing any, and in a hostile country where he was at the 
absolute mercy of the most worthless renegade that might 
cross his path. But the deep purpose of revenge held him 
up, and a stroke of fortune came to his rescue. 

He happened one day upon a spot where a pack of wolves 
had surrounded a buffalo calf and were harrying it to death. 
Glass lay low until the calf was dead, when he appeared upon 
the scene, put the wolves to flight, and took possession of 
the calf.. Without knife or fire, it was not an easy thing to 
turn to account his good fortune, but hunger is not fastidious 
and Glass most likely took counsel of the wolves as to ways 
and means of devouring what he required. Taking what 
he could with him, he pursued his way, with inconceivable 
hardship and distress, and at last reached Fort Kiowa.® 

After an experience like that through which he had just 
passed, it might be supposed that Glass would have been 
inclined to rest at the fort, at least until his wounds could 
get well. But he had not long been there when a party of 
trappers came along in a boat bound for the Yellowstone 
river. This was just the opportunity that he wanted, and 
he promptly joined them, bidding adieu to the protection of 
the fort. 

When the party were nearing the Mandan villages, Glass 

° Cooke says that Glass’ razor was left; that in the incident of the 
wolves and the buffalo calf he waited until the wolves had eaten 
enough to satisfy their hunger before he drove them off lest they 
should attack him. He further says that Glass went first to the Aricara 
villages, which he found deserted except by some dogs, and that he 
spent two days taming these before they would come near enough for 
him to get hold of them. This is, however, not probable, for Glass 
would not have gone deliberately back into the hands of those Indians 


while there was any other chance of life. Cooke also says that Glass 
then went to a trading post at the mouth of the Teton river. 
® 


702 ANOTHER NARROW ESCAPE. 


thought to save a little time by going overland across a bend 
in the river to Tilton’s fort, a trading establishment in that 
vicinity. It proved to be a lucky move, for on the following 
day all of his companions were massacred by the Aricara 
Indians. Those always treacherous savages had but lately 
taken up their abode near the Mandan villages, and the 
travelers were wholly ignorant of the snare into which they 
were running. As Glass was approaching the fort he saw 
two squaws whom he at once recognized as Aricaras.* 
Alarmed at his danger he sought to conceal himself, but 
too late, for the squaws at once notified the warriors, who 
immediately began pursuit. Glass, still feeble from his 
wounds, made an ineffectual effort at flight. His enemies 
were almost within gun shot when two mounted Mandans 
rushed forward and seized him. Great was his surprise 
and joy at this unexpected deliverance, and it gave him in- 
creased faith that he should yet live to accomplish his mis- 
sion of revenge. 

The Indians carried Glass to Tilton’s fort, and the same 
night he left the fort alone and set out up the river. After 
traveling alone for thirty-eight days, all the way through 
hostile country, he at length arrived at Henry’s fort near 
the mouth of the Bighorn river. Here he was received as 
one risen from the dead, for no one had doubted the story of 
his companions. Glass was chagrined to find that his com- 
panions had gone to Fort Atkinson.® Still intent on‘ his 
purpose of revenge, he promptly accepted an offer of 


* This event is confirmed by an entry in the Missouri Intelligencer 
of February 25, 1824. 

* Cooke’s account of this affair is very much colored, too much so to 
be true, and was probably the result of the natural growth which such 
stories undergo through many repetitions. 

“Cooke says that the younger of the two men was found at Henry 
fort; that he was petrified with fear when he saw Glass; but that Glass 
had compassion on him, and let him go on account of his youth, his 
penitence, and, more likely, because he considered eS: who 
was the older, the real culprit. 

Cooke has no account of Glass’ adventures beyond ed arrival at 
Henry’s fort. 


A THIRD ESCAPE. 703 


service as a messenger to carry a despatch to Fort Atkin- 
son. Four men accompanied him and they left Henry’s 
fort on the 28th of February, 1824. 

The route of the party lay eastward into the valley of 
Powder river, thence southward to the sources of that 
stream, and across into the valley of the Platte. Here they 
made some skin boats and floated down the river until they 
were out of the foothills, when, to their infinite dismay, 
they came upon a band of Aricaras, a part of Grey Eye’s 
band, the chief who had been killed the previous summer by 
a shot from Leavenworth’s artillery. The new chief’s name 
was Elk Tongue. ‘The warriors came down to the river 
and by many protestations of friendship induced the trav- 
_ elers to believe that they were sincere. Glass had at one 
time spent a whole winter with the chief, had joined him in 
the chase, had smoked his pipe, and had quaffed many a 
cup with him in the wigwam. When he alighted from his 
canoe the old chief embraced him as a brother. The whites 
were thrown off their guard and accepted an invitation to 
visit the chief’s lodge. While partaking of the hospitable 
pipe a child was heard to utter a scream, and on looking 
around, Glass perceived some squaws carrying away their 
effects. The little party well understood what this meant, 
and springing at once to their feet fled with the utmost pre- 
cipitation. Two of them were overtaken and put to death, 
one within a few yards of Glass, who had found conceal- 
ment behind a point of rocks. Glass was thoroughly versed 
in the arts of Indian life and he succeeded in baffling their 
search until finally they abandoned it altogether. He had 
lost all of his property except a knife and flint, and thus 
equipped he set out in a northeast direction to find Fort 
Kiowa.? 


*“ Although I had lost my rifle and all my plunder, I felt quite rich 
when I found my knife and steel in my shot pouch. These little 
fixens make a man feel right peart when he is three or four hundred 
miles away from anybody or anywhere —all alone among the painters 
[panthers] and the wild varmints.” From article in Missouri Intelli- 
gencer. 


7O4 SCHEME OF REVENGE ABANDONED. 


The buffalo calves at this season were very young, and 
as the country abounded in buffalo, Glass had no difficulty 
in getting what meat he desired, while his flint enabled him 
to build a fire. He was fifteen days in reaching Fort Kiowa, 
and at the first opportunity went down the river to Fort 
Atkinson, where he arrived in June, 1824. Here he found 
his faithless companion (for he now cherished revenge only 
against one of the party), who had enlisted in the army. 
Thus, under protection of the law, Glass did not feel dis- 
posed to resort to extreme measures. The commanding 
officer ordered his property to be given up and provided him 
with a new equipment. Thus appeased, he relinquished his 
scheme of revenge and contented himself with entertaining 
the people of the garrison with stories of his marvelous 
experiences. 

In weighing the two principal authorities for this story 
we are inclined to think that Glass’ sudden relinquishment 
of his purpose of revenge may have been due to new light 
obtained from the two men who deserted him. It was ask- 
ing a great deal for those two men to expose themselves to 
destruction for one whose life they doubtless believed was 
already as good as lost, and whatever may have been the 
considerations of humanity, it was only heroic indifference 
to personal safety that could have induced them to stay. 
They should have stayed, of course, but their failure to do 
so is not without its justification. 

In Colonel Cooke’s account, the name of one of the men 
left with Glass was Fitzgerald; the name of the other is not 
given, but he is said to have been a mere youth of seven- 
teen and doubtless on his first trip to the mountains. Glass 
does not seem to have cherished revenge against him, but 
to have blamed Fitzgerald alone. Who the young man 
was is not known, but the late Captain La Barge, who re- 
members the tradition well, says that it was James Bridger. 
Bridger is supposed to have been born in 1804 and this 
would indicate 1821 or 1822 as the year of the occurrence. 
The discrepancy is not great enough to preclude the possi- 


GLASS KILLED BY THE ARICARAS. 795 


bility of its being Bridger, but there is no other proof of it 
than this intangible tradition. 

Glass turns up occasionally in the correspondence of 
those early days and we know that he was at Fort Union © 
about 1830. He was at one time employed as hunter for 
the fort and used to hunt for bighorns on the bluffs oppo- 
site the post. These bluffs are still known as Glass’ Bluffs. 

Glass finally succumbed to his old enemies, the Aricaras, 
in the winter of 1832-3. The circumstances of his death 
were related 1° to Maximilian, Prince of Wied, who has thus 
recorded them: “Old Glass, with two companions, had 
gone from Fort Cass [winter of 1832-3] to hunt bears on 
the Yellowstone, and as they were crossing the river on the 
ice farther down, they were all three shot, scalped, and 
plundered by a war party of thirty Aricaras who were con- 
cealed on the opposite bank. These Indians, who are the 
most dangerous to the whites, went then to the sources of 
the Powder river, and it happened that Gardner with about 
twenty men and thirty horses was in the neighborhood. As 
it was dark, when they were seated about several fires, the In- 
dians suddenly appeared, addressed them in the Minnetaree 
language, surrounded the fire and dried their shoes. Gard- 
ner, being well acquainted with the character of the Indians, 
immediately took some precautions, which were the more 
necessary, as a Minnetaree woman who was with the party 
told him that the strangers were Aricaras. He gradually 
collected his people around one of the fires, with their arms 
in readiness to act. He was also afraid for his horses, 
which were scattered on the prairie, and some of which 
were actually missing, and he had already sent some of his 
men to erect in the neighborhood what is called a fort, of 
trunks of trees, for the night. The Indians are accus- 
tomed, when they intend to steal horses, suddenly to give 
a signal, on which they all jump up, scatter the horses, and 
drive away with them. Gardner, aware of this, watched the 
enemy closely, and when, on the signal being given, they 


* By Johnson Gardner, the well-known free trapper. 


706 GLASS DEATH REVENGED. 


all withdrew, three of them were seized and bound. When 
the Aricaras perceived this, several of them came back, pre- 
tended to be innocent of the stealing of the horses, and 
begged for their captive comrades, but Gardner declared to 
them that if they did not immediately deliver up all the 
horses, the prisoners must die; one of them, however, had 
cut the bonds with which he was bound, and escaped. The 
Indians entreated for a long time, but were refused. ‘The 
others, seeing that they must die, commenced their death 
song, related their exploits, and affirmed that they were 
distinguished warriors. One of them had old Glass’ knife, 
and his rifle had also been seen in the possession of these 
Indians. ‘The horses, however, were not brought, and the 
prisoners, alleging a pressing necessity, were taken aside; 
but in the thick copse they attempted to escape, on which 
one of them was stabbed and several shots were fired at the 
other, who was then killed with a knife. They were both 
scalped and I received one of the scalps as a present, which 
was unfortunately lost in the firé on board the steamer. 
Gardner, by way of precaution, had all the fires put out and 
passed the night in the fort, which was now completed. 
They were not disturbed during the night, and found, in 
the morning, that the Indians had retired with their booty, 
leaving the prisoners to their fates. The Aricaras had 
begged for one of them in particular, who was a celebrated 
warrior, and had even brought back three horses which 
they tied up near at hand, to exchange them for the pris- 
oners; but Gardner did not attend to their request.” 


Grxaey TER DX. 


THE TREACHERY OF MIKE FINK.! 


Early life—A great shot— His friends Talbot and Carpenter — 
Goes to St. Louis — Shoots off a negro’s heel— Enters Ashley’s serv- 
ice — Quarrels with Carpenter—Slays Carpenter— Killed by Tal- 
bot — Talbot drowned. | 


WS HE FINK, a character in early Western history. 

whose well-authenticated performances were so re- 
markable as to appear rather the creations of fancy than 
actual occurrences, was a native of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania. 
He had little education and made ridicule of what he had. 
He used to spell his name Micke Phinck and he loved to 
affect the extremes of barbarous jargon that characterized 
the language of the unlettered boatmen on the Western 
rivers. Mike early became fascinated with the boatman’s 
life, and the sound of the boat horn was his most entrancing 
music. He learned to imitate its notes, so that when he first 
took service in a keelboat he could fill the office of trumpeter 
without any instrument. The river life suited his tastes and 
he longed to visit its remotest ports — even New Orleans, 
where he had heard that the people spoke French and wore 
their Sunday clothes all the week. 

When the water was too low for navigation Mike spent 
most of his time in Pittsburg and vicinity, killing squirrels 
and shooting at a target for beef at the frequent Saturday 
shooting matches and company musters of the militia. He 


* This story is given nearly verbatim from the Missouri Intelligencer 
of Sept. 4, 1829, quoted from Flinit’s Western Review, which in turn 
took it from an ephemeral publication called the Western Souvenir. 
The article was entitled “The Last of the Boatmen.” Author not 
given. 


708 JOKES MADE TO LAUGH AT. 


soon became renowned as the best shot in the country, ac- 
quiring the soubriquet of “Bangall,’’ and on account of his 
extraordinary skill he was excluded from participation in the 
matches. As a price for this exclusion he was allowed the 
“fifth quarter ” of the beef, as it was called — the hide and 
tallow. His usual practice was to exchange his “quarter ” 
at a dram shop for whiskey, with which he treated every- 
body and particularly himself. He became fond of 
strong drink, but never was intoxicated. He could drink 
a gallon in twenty-four hours and not show any effects of it. 

His language was a perfect sample of the half-horse, half- 
alligator dialect of the early race of boatmen. He was a 
good deal of a wit, a quality which won him the admiration, 
but at the same time excited the fears, of the whole boat- 
ing fraternity; for he usually enforced his jokes with a 
sound drubbing if any one had the temerity to refuse to 
laugh at them. He used to say that he told his jokes to be 
laughed at, and that no one should make light of them. The 
consequence was that Mike always had about him a band 
of laughing sycophants who were as afraid of his frown as 
a vassal might be of the displeasure of his lord. 

Mike used to proclaim himself — “I am a Salt river 
roarer, and I love the wimming, and as how I am chock full 
of fight.”’ And indeed he had a chére amie in every port 
who would “ fight their deaths ” in his defense. 

Among his confederates were two men conspicuous for 
their prowess and were Mike’s fast and confidential friends. 
Their names were Carpenter and Talbot. Each of the 
three was a match for the other in fighting and in markman- 
ship and were adepts in the virtues and mysteries of Mike’s 
calling. 

Mike’s weight was about 180 pounds. He was five feet 
nine inches high; with broad, round face and pleasant fea- 
tures; brown skin, tanned by the sun and the rain; blue but 
very expressive eyes, inclining to gray; broad white teeth; 
and square, brawny form, well proportioned, with every 
muscle fully developed, indicating the greatest strength and 


SKILL IN MARKSMANSHIP. 709 


activity. Except as to stature he was a perfect model for a 
Hercules. 

As already stated, he was an expert marksman, and many 

of his shooting feats have been related by those who pro- 
fess to have witnessed them. On one occasion while as- 
cending the Mississippi river above the mouth of the Ohio, 
he saw a sow with eight or nine pigs on the river bank. He 
declared in boatman phrase that he “ wanted pig,’ and 
took up his rifle to shoot one. He was requested not to 
do so, but he nevertheless laid his rifle to his face, and as 
the boat glided up the river under easy sail, some forty or 
fifty yards from shore, he shot at one pig after another, 
cutting their tails: off close to their bodies, but not doing 
them any other harm! 
- In 1821, while standing on the levee in St. Louis, he saw 
a negro on the river bank listlessly gazing at what was going 
on around him. He had a remarkably shaped foot peculiar 
to some African tribes. His heel protruded to the rear so 
far that his foot seemed to be as much in the rear as in front 
of the leg. This unshapely form offended Mike’s eye and 
outraged his sense of symmetry. He determined to correct 
it. Lifting his rifle at thirty paces he actually shot the heel 
away, inflicting an ugly wound. The boy dropped to the 
_ ground, screaming “murder!” Mike was indicted in the 
Circuit court of the county, tried and found guilty. His 
plea in justification of the offense was that he wanted to fix 
the boy’s foot so that he could wear a genteel boot. Mike’s 
punishment, which is not stated, could not have been very 
severe, for he was at liberty in the spring of 1822. 

Mike’s particular friend, Carpenter, was also a great shot, 
and it was a common thing for him and Mike to fill a tin 
cup with whiskey and shoot it from each other’s heads at a 
distance of seventy yards. The feat was always performed 
successfully, the cup being bored through without injury to 
the person supporting it. It was a favorite performance 


* The writer of this article states that he himself had seen the record 
of the trial. 


710 A DEADLY QUARREL. 


with these two men, who regarded it as a fresh avowal of 
confidence in each other. 

Mike had first visited St. Louis in 1814 or 1815 and was 
there frequently afterward. In 1822 he and his two friends, 
Talbot and Carpenter, enlisted in the company which Gen- 
eral Ashley and Major Henry were organizing for their at- 
tempt to open up a trade with the mountain tribes. They 
enlisted in the threefold character of boatmen, trappers, and 
hunters. ‘The company ascended as far as to the mouth of 


the Yellowstone, where a fort was constructed, from which © 


the party was sent out in detachments to trap on the trib- 
utaries of the Missouri and the Yellowstone. Mike and his 
friends, with nine others, went to the Muscleshell river, 
where they found a warm and commodious habitation for 
the winter. 

During their sojourn here Mike and Carpenter fell into 
a deadly quarrel, which, however, was smoothed over for 
the time by the interposition of friends. The cause is not 
certainly known, but there seems to have been a woman in 
the case, a squaw for whose good graces they had become 
rival aspirants. On the arrival of spring the little party 
visited the fort, and here, over a draught of whiskey, they 
renewed their smothered quarrel. Again they made a 
treaty of peace, and in evidence of their sincerity Mike pro- 
posed that they repeat their familiar feat of shooting the 
whiskey cup from each other’s head. This would not only 
be a test of reconciliation, but of mutual trust and confidence 
as well. 


A preliminary question to be decided was which should. 


have the first shot. To determine this Mike proposed to 
“sky a copper,” or in modern phrase, to flip a copper. This 
was done and Mike won the first shot. Carpenter, who 
knew from long experience the uncompromising character of 
Mike’s hatred, declared his belief in his companion’s treach- 
erous intent, and that he should surely be killed. But he 
scorned life too much to repudiate his compact, and accord- 


ingly he prepared to die. He bequeathed his rifle, bullet 


FINK AND CARPENTER KILLED. ful 


pouch, powder horn, belt, pistol and wages to Talbot, and 
then went out to the place where the trial was to occur. He 
filled his cup with whiskey and placed it on his head, while 
Mike was loading his rifle and picking his flint. Carpen- 
ter stood up at the proper place, erect and serene, without a 
change of countenance to indicate what was passing in his 
mind. Mike leveled his rifle at the distance of sixty yards. 
After drawing a bead he took down his rifle and smilingly 
said: “ Hold your noddle steady, Carpenter, and don’t 
spill the whiskey, as 1 shall want some presently.” He 
again raised his rifle and in an instant Carpenter fell, expir- 
ing without a groan. The ball had penetrated his forehead 
in the center an inch and a half above the eyes. Mike coolly 
set the breech of his gun on the ground, and applying his 
mouth to the muzzle, blew the smoke out of the barrel, all 
the while keeping his eye upon the prostrate form of his old- 
time friend. Finally he said: “Carpenter, you have 
spilled the whiskey!’’ He was told that he had killed Car- 
penter. “It is all a mistake,” he said, “ for I took as fine 
a bead on the black spot on the cup as I ever took on a squir- 
rel’s eye. How did it happen”? He then cursed his rifle, 
the bullet, and finally himself. 

In this remote region where the power of the law was not 
yet known, and among a party who had an exaggerated 
dread of Mike’s prowess, the crime was permitted to pass off 
as an accident, and Mike was allowed to go at large. But 
Talbot, who was Carpenter’s fast friend, was convinced of 
Mike’s treacherous intent, and resolved upon revenge when- 
ever opportunity should offer. Some months afterward, 
Mike, in a fit of gasconading, declared that he had killed 
Carpenter on purpose and was glad of it. Talbot instantly 
drew his pistol, the same which Carpenter had bequeathed 
him, and shot Mike through the heart. Mike fell and ex- 
pired without a word. 

Talbot likewise was not called to account, for nobody had 
any authority to do so and few doubtless felt any inclination, 
as it was probably considered a just penalty for the killing 


RUZ TALBOT DROWNED. 


of Carpenter. Moreover, Talbot was a terrible enemy, fero- 
cious and dangerous as a grizzly of the prairies. About 
three months later he was present in the Aricara battle under 
Colonel Leavenworth, where he displayed a coolness which 
would have done honor to a better man. He came out of 
the battle unharmed, but about ten days later while attempt- 
ing to swim the Teton river he was drowned. Thus per- 
ished the “ last of the boatmen.’’? 


* Remarkable as this story is it has authentic confirmation. In Gen- 
eral Clark’s letter book on Indian Affairs, now in possession of the 
Kansas Historical Society at Topeka, there is a list of deaths among 
Ashley’s and Smith, Jackson and Sublette’s parties before 1830. The 
statement says that in 1822 Mike Fink shot Carpenter; that Fink was 
soon after shot by Talbot, who was later drowned in the Teton river 
The year should be 1823. 

The following notice appeared in the St. Louis Republican of July 
16, 1823: “By a letter received in town from one of General Ashley’s 
expeditions we are informed that a man by the name of Mike Fink, well 
known in this quarter as a great marksman with the rifle, and is the 
same who some time since in this place shot off a negro’s heel to enable 
him, as he said, to wear a genteel boot! was engaged in his favorite 
amusement of shooting a tin cup from the head of another man, when, 
by aiming too low, or from some other cause, shot his companion in the 
forehead and killed him. Another man of the expedition (whose name 
we have not yet heard) remonstrated against Fink’s conduct, to 
which he (Fink) replied that he would kill him likewise, upon which 
the other drew a pistol and shot Fink dead on the spot.” 


4 
| 
‘ 


GITADPEER X. 


THE ADVENTURES OF JOHN COLTER. 


Colter in Lewis and Clark expedition — Remains in the upper coun- 
try — Enters Lisa’s employ — Sets out to find the Crows — Crosses to 
Pierre’s Hole — Fight with the Blackfeet — Colter starts for Fort Man- 
uel alone — Crosses Yellowstone Park — “ Colter’s Hell ”— Colter goes 
to Three Forks — Terrible adventure on Jefferson Fork — His miracu- 
lous escape — Result of Colter’s adventures — His subsequent career. 


+ OHN COLTER was one of the private soldiers attached 

to the expedition of Lewis and Clark in the years 
1804-6. When the returning explorers had arrived at their 
former winter quarters near the Mandan villages, some fifty- 
five miles above where Bismarck, North Dakota, now stands, 
Colter asked for his discharge in order that he might remain 
in the upper country and trap. He had met two hunters 
only the day before who were bound for the upper rivers 
and they offered him substantial inducements if he would 
accompany them. As his record on the expedition had been 
excellent, his commanding officers assented to the request, 
gave him his discharge, outfitted him in good shape, and he 
forthwith set out on his proposed expedition. This was 
August 15 or 16, 1806. 

Colter remained in the upper country all the following 
winter, but in what precise locality is not known. It is 
probable, from subsequent events, that it was in the valley 
of the Yellowstone. In the following spring he set out, ap- 
parently alone, to return to St. Louis, but on his way met 
the expedition of Manuel Lisa near the mouth of the Platte 
river. To this band of adventurers into an unknown coun- 
try the service of a man like Colter, who had spent a winter 
there and had twice passed entirely through it, could not but 


Jia, RELATIONS WITH THE BLACKFEET. 


be very important. He was persuaded (if persuasion was 
necessary) to join the expedition and accordingly turned 
back a second time from his journey towards home. 

Nothing occurred on the voyage with which his name its 
connected until the arrival of the expedition at the mouth 
of the Bighorn. Lisa had expected to find the Blackfeet na- 
tion very hostile on account of the loss of one of their num- 
ber at the hands of Captain Lewis the previous summer on 
his way back from the Pacific! It may have been a fear of 
this hostility that caused his unlucky decision to establish 
himself in the country of their enemies, the Crows. But it 
seemed that a detachment of Lisa’s party met a band of 
Blackfeet, either before or soon after the arrival at the 
mouth of the Bighorn, from whom interesting and impor- 
tant information was obtained. Far from being hostile, 
these Indians evinced a pacific disposition and said that the 
provocation under which Captain Lewis acted was so ob- 
vious and flagrant that they had not cherished this act as a 
justification of hostility, and were ready to open relations of 
trade with the whites. 

Lisa was greatly pleased at this prospect. He had 
already arranged to send Colter to notify the surrounding 
bands of Indians of his arrival, and he probably directed him 
to proceed also to the Three Forks of the Missouri and con- 
fer with the Blackfoot nation. It was a perilous adventure 
and one requiring great courage and hardihood. ‘“ This 
man,” says Brackenridge, “ with a pack of thirty pounds 
weight, his gun and some ammunition, went upwards of 
five hundred miles to the Crow nation; gave them informa- 
tion, and proceeded from thence to several other tribes.”’ 
It seems that when Lisa arrived in the country the Crows 
were in the upper end of the valley, probably on Wind river, 
and Colter had to travel a long distance to reach them. He 
then most likely secured the services of a party of the Crows 

* These Indians were Grosventres of the Prairie, but were always 


classed with the Blackfeet by the traders and trappers. See Part V., 
Chapter IX. 


COLTER WOUNDED IN BATTLE, 715 


to guide him by the best trail across the mountains, for he 
could hardly have followed so well by himself what is now, 
and doubtless was then, the best route through this excep- 
tionally rugged country. All available evidence indicates 
that Colter traveled directly from Wind river to Pierre’s 
Hole, crossing the Wind River mountains by Union or 
Two-gwo-tee passes and the Teton range by the pass of the 
same name. The sublime and wonderful scenery and the 
remarkable topographical situation by which divergent 
streams flow from a common neighborhood to widely-sepa- 
rated river systems, and the ease with which the mountains 
could be crossed,” impressed Colter deeply. When he re- 
turned to St. Louis he drew the attention of Clark, Bracken- 
ridge and others to these remarkable features. 

It is probable that it was in the valley of Pierre’s Hole 
that “the party in whose company he happened to be,” was 
attacked, as related by Brackenridge. This party, accord- 
ing to Biddle, was of the Crow nation and the attacking 
party were Blackfeet.2 A fight ensued and Colter, by the 
necessity of the situation, was compelled to take part with 
the Crows. He distinguished himself greatly and received > 
a severe wound in the leg. The Blackfeet were defeated, 
but not until they had seen the pale-face ally of their ene- 
mies, to whom, no doubt, they attributed their discom- 
fiture. | 

The Crows, having conducted their guest across the 
mountains, and probably not deeming it wise to linger until 
the vengeance of the Blackfeet should bring reinforcements 
upon them, left Colter at this point and returned to their 


*“ At the head of the Gallatin Fork and of the Grosse Corne of the 
Yellowstone [the Bighorn river] from discoveries since the voyage of 
Lewis and Clark, it is found less difficult to cross than the Allegheny 
mountains. Colter, a celebrated hunter and woodsman, informed me 
that a loaded wagon would find no obstruction in passing.” Bracken- 
ridge. The Gallatin river was mistaken for one of the upper branches 
of the Yellowstone, probably; but it is clear that Colter here refers to 
Union or Two-gwo-tee pass at the head of Wind river. 

*In all probability these Indians were Grosventres. 


716 FIRST TOUR OF YELLOWSTONE PARK. 


country. This conclusion seems certain from Colter’s own 
narrative to Brackenridge, who says that notwithstanding 
the wound in his leg, “he returned to the establishment 
entirely alone and without assistance, several hundred 
miles.’ Colter, upon his return to St. Louis, gave to Gen- 
eral Clark a description of his route, which the latter placed 
upon the map accompanying the report of the Lewis and 
Clark expedition and legended it ‘‘ Colter’s Route in 1807.” 
This map makes it clear that from Pierre’s Hole Colter un- 
dertook to reach Lisa’s fort by the most direct route possi- 
ble. Such was probably his plan. He knew that it would 
be folly for him now to proceed to the Three Forks, where he 
would become an instant victim of Blackfoot vengeance. 
The best thing to do was to make his way back to the fort 
and report to Lisa. To go by the way he had come would 
be to make a long detour and nearly double the distance over 
a direct line. Colter had a sufficient eye for topography to 
know that Lisa’s fort lay about northeast of his position. 
He accordingly launched into the dense pine forests that 
cover the country on the northern flank of the Teton range 
and the southern portion of the Yellowstone National Park. 
It may with difficulty be imagined what must have been his 
astonishment when, emerging from the forests upon the 
shore of that surpassingly beautiful mountain lake near the 
source of the Yellowstone river, he found its shore steaming 
with innumerable boiling springs and geysers. As a mat- 
ter of fact Colter’s route was carrying him directly across 
the present Yellowstone Park, from southwest to northeast. 
He saw the strange phenomena on the shore of Yellowstone 
Lake, and along the course of its outlet for a distance of 
some forty miles. There is no record that he ever men- 
tioned having seen the Falls of the Yellowstone, but he could 
hardly have escaped them, considering the course of his 
journey as outlined upon the map. He continued down the 
Yellowstone so long as it bore to the northeast on his gen- 
eral course, but left it by way of the valley of the East Fork 
where the main stream turns abruptly to the northwest. 


COLTER GOES TO THREE FORKS. 7G 


Thence he continued his course almost on the line of the 
present route to the northeast corner of the Park and event- 
ually found his way back to Lisa’s fort. 

This very remarkable achievement — remarkable in the 
courage and hardihood of this lone adventurer and remark- 
able in its unexpected results in geographical discovery — 
deserves to be classed among the most celebrated perform- 
ances in the history of American exploration. Colter was 
the first explorer of the valley of the Bighorn river; the 
first to cross the passes at the head of Wind river and see 
the headwaters of the Colorado of the West; the first to 
see the Teton mountains, Jackson Hole, Pierre’s Hole, and 
the sources of the Snake river; and most important of all, 
the first to pass through that singular region which has 
since become’known throughout the world as the Yellow- 
stone Wonderland. He also saw the immense tar spring 
at the forks of the Stinkingwater river, a spot which came 
to bear the name of “ Colter’s Hell.” 

Colter had now accomplished enough to entitle him to 
lasting distinction in the cause of geographical exploration; 
but honors of a more perilous character still awaited him. 
As soon as spring opened — for Colter could not have re- 
turned to Lisa’s fort before the arrival of winter — Lisa 
dispatched him again to visit the Blackfeet. Colter set out 
directly for the Three Forks of the Missouri where he seems 
to have employed his time trapping until the Indians put in 
an appearance. He was accompanied on this expedition by 
a companion named Potts, very likely the same one who had 
been a fellow soldier in the Lewis and Clark expedition. 
Biddle relates that when these two men met the Blackfeet 
these Indians did not even yet evince hostile intentions, but 
that an altercation soon ensued, ending in a combat in which 
Potts was killed and Colter made his escape. This affair 
was probably the same as that related by John Bradbury in 
his Travels in North America, and better known through 
Irving’s Astoria. Colter gave the account of his miraculous 
escape to the English naturalist immediately after his return 


718 MEETING WITH THE BLACKFEET. 


to St. Louis in the spring of 1810. All other accounts are 
based upon Bradbury’s. The simple and direct language in 
which the author has clothed his recital tells the story so 
well that even the skilful pen of Irving adopted it almost 
without change. The adventure is one of those remarkable 
experiences which have now and then occurred in our fron- 
tier history, almost beyond credibility, but nevertheless in 
their details clearly possible. The story is here repeated in 
the exact words of Bradbury :* 

“This man came to St. Louis in May, 1810, 1n a small 
canoe, from the headwaters of the Missouri, a distance of 
three thousand miles, which he traversed in thirty days. I 
saw him on his arrival, and received from him an account of 
his adventures after he had separated from Lewis and 
Clark’s party; one of these, from its singularity, I shall re- 
late. On the arrival of the party at the headwaters of the 
Missouri, Colter, observing an appearance of abundance of 
beaver there, got permission to remain and hunt for some 
time, which he did in company with a man by the name of 
Dixon, who had traversed the immense tract of country 
from St. Louis to the headwaters of the Missouri alone. 

“Soon after he separated from Dixon, and trapped in 
company with a hunter named Potts; and aware of the hos- 
tility of the Blackfeet Indians, one of whom had been killed 
by Lewis, they set their traps at night, and took them up 
early in the morning, remaining concealed during the day. 
They were examining their traps early one morning, in a 
creek about six miles from that branch of the Missouri 
called Jefferson’s Fork, and were ascending in a canoe, when 
they suddenly heard a great noise, resembling the trampling 
of animals; but they could not ascertain the fact, as the 
high, perpendicular banks on each side of the river impeded 
their view. Colter immediately pronounced it to be occa- 
sioned by Indians, and advised an instant retreat; but was 
accused of cowardice by Potts, who insisted that the noise 


*See Bradbury’s Travels in North America, Irving’s Astoria, and 
the Yellowstone National Park, by the present author. - 


2 ee a 


COLTER CAPTURED. 719 


was caused by buffaloes, and they proceeded on. Ina few 
minutes afterwards their doubts were removed by a party of 
Indians making their appearance on both sides of the creek, 
to the amount of five or six hundred, who beckoned them to 
come ashore. As retreat was now impossible, Colter turned 
the head of the canoe to the shore; and at the moment of 
its touching, an Indian seized the rifle belonging to Potts; 
but Colter, who is a remarkably strong man, immediately 
retook it, and handed it to Potts, who remained in the canoe, 
and on receiving it pushed off into the river. He had scarce- 
ly quitted the shore when an arrow was shot at him, and he 
cried out, ‘Colter, I am wounded.’ Colter remonstrated 
with him on the folly of attempting to escape, and urged 
him to come ashore. Instead of complying, he instantly lev- 
eled his rifle at an Indian, and shot him dead on the spot. 
This conduct, situated as he was, may appear to have been an 
act of madness; but it was doubtless the effect of sudden and 
sound reasoning; for if taken alive, he must have expected 
to be tortured to death, according to their custom. He was 
instantly pierced with arrows so numerous that, to use the 
language of Colter, ‘he was made a riddle of.’ 

“They now seized Colter, stripped him entirely naked, 
and began to consult on the manner in which he should be 
put to death. They were first inclined to set him up as a 
mark to shoot at; but the chief interfered, and seizing him 
by the shoulder, asked him if he could run fast. Colter, 
who had been some time amongst the Kee-kat-sa, or Crow 
Indians, had in a considerable degree acquired the Blackfoot 
language, and was also well acquainted with Indian customs. 
He knew that he had now to run for his life, with the dread- 
ful odds of five or six hundred against him, and those armed 
Indians; therefore he cunningly replied that he was a very 
bad runner, although he was considered by the hunters as re- 
markably swift. The chief now commanded the party to 
remain stationary, and led Colter out on the prairie three or 
four hundred yards, and released him, bidding him to save 
himself if he could. At that instant the horrid war whoop 


\ 


720 THE RACE FOR LIFE. 


sounded in the ears of poor Colter, who, urged with the 
hope of preserving life, ran with a speed at which he was 
himself surprised. He proceeded towards the Jefferson 
Fork, having to traverse a plain six miles in breadth, 
abounding with prickly pear, on which he was every instant 


treading with his naked feet. He ran nearly half way 


across the plain before he ventured to look over his shoulder, 
when he perceived that the Indians were very much s¢at- 
tered, and that he had gained ground to a considerable dis- 
tance from the main body; but one Indian, who carried a 
spear, was much before all the rest, and not more than a 
hundred yards from him. A faint gleam of hope now 
cheered the heart of Colter; he derived confidence from the 
belief that escape was within the bounds of possibility; but 
that confidence was nearly fatal to him, for he exerted 
himself to such a degree that the blood gushed from his nos- 
trils, and soon almost covered the fore part of his body. 

* He had now arrived within a mile of the river, when he 
distinctly heard the appalling sound of footsteps behind 
him, and every instant expected to feel the spear of his pur- 
suer. Again he turned his head, and saw the savage not 
twenty yards from him. Determined if possible to avoid the 
expected blow, he suddenly stopped, turned round, and 
spread out his arms. The Indian, surprised by the sudden- 
ness of the action, and perhaps of the bloody appearance of 
Colter, also attempted to stop; but exhausted with running, 
he fell whilst endeavoring to throw his spear, which stuck 
in the ground and broke in his hand. Colter instantly 
snatched up the pointed part, with which he pinned him to 
the earth, and then continued his flight. The foremost of 
the Indians, on arriving at the place, stopped till others came 
up to join them, when they set up a hideous yell. Every 
moment of this time was improved by Colter, who, al- 
though fainting and exhausted, succeeded in gaining the 
skirting of the cottonwood trees, on the borders of the fork, 
through which he ran and plunged into the river. Fortu- 
nately for him, a little below this place there was an island, 


COLTER WINS. 7a 


against the upper point of which a raft of drift timber had 
lodged. He dived under the raft, and after several efforts, 
got his head above water amongst the trunks of trees, cov- 
ered over with smaller wood to the depth of several feet. 
Scarcely had he secured himself when the Indians arrived on 
the river, screeching and yelling, as Colter expressed it, 
‘like so many devils.” They were frequently on the raft 
during the day, and were seen through the chinks by Colter, 
who was congratulating himself on his escape, until the 
idea arose that they might set the raft on fire.® 

“In horrible suspense he remained until night, when 
hearing no more of the Indians, he dived from under the 
raft, and swam silently down the river to a considerable dis- 
tance, when he landed, and travelled all night. Although 
happy in having escaped from the Indians, his situation was 
still dreadful; he was completely naked, under a burning 
sun; the soles of his feet were entirely filled with the thorns 
of the prickly pear; he was hungry, and had no means of 
killing game, although he saw abundance around him, and 
was at least seven days’ journey from Lisa’s fort, on the 
Bighorn branch of the Roche Jaune river. These were 
circumstances under which almost any man but an Amer- 
ican hunter would have despaired. He arrived at the fort 
in seven days, having subsisted on a root much esteemed by 
the Indians of the Missouri, now known by naturalists as 
psoralea esculenta.” 

From this time on deadly enmity toward the white race 
became the settled policy of the Blackfeet Indians. There 
is probably little doubt that it was the apparent favoritism of 
the white traders toward their enemies the Crows that 
turned the scale. For this appearance the action of Lisa 


°For a parallel case to that of Colter see narrative of the escape of 
Oskononton by hiding under a raft in a river. Ross’ Fur Hunters 
of the Far West, p. 180. 

*“This adverse feeling arose from a jealousy prevalent among all 
savage (and some civilized) nations, of those who trade with their 
enemies. The Crows and Blackfeet are almost continually at war; the 
company detached a party to trade with the former; this gave offense 


722 COLTER (TN (ST. Louis, 


in building his first post in Crow territory, and Colter’s acci- 
dental presence in the ranks of the Crows when these In- 
dians were attacked by the Blackfeet, are mainly responsible. 
Colter thus became in part the involuntary cause of that 
deadly feud which lasted beyond the life time of any of his 
contemporaries. 

Colter remained on the upper rivers until after Lisa’s re- 
turn in the summer of 1809 with an extensive outfit of the 
newly formed St. Louis Missouri Fur Company. But he 
very wisely abandoned the country before the disastrous 
events of 1810 at the Three Forks of the Missouri. He set 
out for St. Louis about April Ist of that year and made the 
descent of the rivers in thirty days, a distance, according to 
his own estimate, of some three thousand miles. Colter 
remained in St. Louis for a considerable time, and evidently 
talked a great deal about his adventures. He gave Clark 
important data for his forthcoming map of the Lewis and 
Clark expedition. He succeeded in making himself ac- 
counted a confirmed prevaricator, and a cloud of doubt and 
ridicule hung over his memory until far later years proved 
the truth of his statements. 

Among those who esteemed Colter’s accounts of sufficient 
importance to merit attention may be mentioned General 
William Clark, Henry M. Brackenridge, the author, and 
John Bradbury, the English naturalist. He was seen by 
Bradbury in the spring of 1810, immediately after his re- 
turn to St. Louis. Bradbury also spent the forenoon of 
March 18, 1811, with Colter while en route up the Missouri 
with the Astoria expedition of that year. Colter had lately 
married and was living near the river above the point where 
the little creek La Charette empties into the main stream. 
He was full of admonitions in regard to the Blackfeet and 
urged the most careful measures to prevent trouble with 


to the Blackfeet, who had not the. same opportunity of procuring arms, 
etc., the Hudson Bay factory being several days’ journey from their 
hunting grounds, and with which they could not trade with equal 
advantage.” Lowmisiana Gazette, July 26, 1810. 


COLTER’S DEATH. _ 722 


them. He was himself very much disposed to accompany 
the expedition, but he was too recently married to be able 
to come to a decision not to remain. 

This is the last positive record that we have of the dis- 
coverer of the Yellowstone Wonderland. In the Lowsianea 
Gazette, St. Louis, December 11, 1813, there appeared a 
notice by the administrator of the estate of “ John Coulter, 
deceased,” calling for a settlement of all claims for oragainst 
the estate. The final settlement left a balance in favor of 
the estate of $229.4134. The deceased may or may not 
have been the subject of this sketch; but if so, his terrible 
experiences among the Blackfeet might very easily account 
for his early demise. 


PART VP. 
THE COUNTRY AND ITS INHABITANTS. 


CEA DAR i, 


THE ROCKY MOUNTAINS. 


View of the western country — The Continental Divide — The name 
“Rocky Mountains ” — Physical aspect of the Rocky mountains — At- 
tractions of mountain life— The Teton range—The Grand Teton— 
The Absaroka range—The Wind river mountains—The Bighorn 
mountains — The Black Hills — Other Wyoming ranges — Front and 
Rampart ranges— Pike’s Peak— Mount of the Holy Cross— The 
Spanish peaks—The Uintah mountains—The Wasatch range— 
Montana and Idaho ranges— The Blue mountains— The Sierra Ne- 
vadas — The Cascade range. 


UOTERE it possible for an observer to be poised far 

above the surface of the earth, near that locality 
where the Teton mountains lift their majestic summits 
above the clouds, and were he endowed with a power of 
vision that could pierce to the uttermost verge of the hori- 
zon, he would see beneath and around him a panorama which 
it is here desired to fix clearly in the mind of the reader. It 
is a panorama of mountains and plains, of lakes and rivers, 
of forest-crowned hills and treeless deserts, that stretches 
away to the distant alluvial plains of the Mississippi on the 
east and to the broad expanse of the Pacific on the west. 

The first and most obvious feature of the landscape. thus 
spread out like a map before the eye, is its vast aggrega- 
tion of mountains. Except far to the eastward, peaks in- 
numerable arise on every hand. Some extend in well- 


720 THE CONTINENTAL DIVIDE. 


defined ranges like broken ridges on the surface of the earth; 
other stand detached and alone like solitary protuberances 
from its crust. The variety of form and aspect is infinite. 
Here a pointed spire of primeval rock stands motionless 
among the shifting clouds; there a flat mesa or table, 
crowned with grassy sward, terminates in bold escarpments 
overlooking the valleys and plains below. Lofty fields of 
perennial snow, grey patches of rock where vegetation never 
thrives, broad areas of dark evergreen forest, wide-spread- 
ing slopes of native pasture — all combine to produce an 
effect which is different in every detail, yet displays as a 
whole a distinct uniformity of character. 

Amid the seemingly purposeless and accidental distribu- 
tion of these mountains, the eye may trace an irregular line 
across the country from north to south, along which the 
ground is higher than in the immediate vicinity on either 
side. It is the line which separates the waters that flow into 
the Atlantic from those which flow into the Pacific — the 
height of land between the two oceans, or, as it is commonly 
called, the Continental Divide. It is everywhere a line of 
deep sentimental interest, for it is not easy to realize that, 
from points so close together, streams should flow to des- 
tinations so widely separated. Little as the country may 
vary in its aspect on one side from that on the other, the 
imagination sees a difference, and the early traveler always 
considered himself “across the Rocky mountains” when 
he had passed this dividing line. ‘ Here, hail Oregon!” 
reads an old itinerary of the Oregon Trail when South Pass 
is reached. It mattered little that the greater part of his 
journey still lay before him, with mountains to cross more 
difficult than any yet encountered; to him it seemed that his 
labors were nearly over when he saw the first tiny rivulet 
flowing to the very country whither he was bound. 

The Divide is an extremely sinuous line, whose position 
may best be understood by consulting the map. Its gen- 
eral direction in passing from the Canadian to the Mexican 
border is a little east of south, crossing the northern boun- 


MOUNTAIN PASSES. 727 


dary in the northwestern corner of Montana and the south- 
ern in the southwestern corner of New Mexico. Its total 
length is about 2,000 miles in passing through a little less 
than sixteen degrees of latitude. On the eastern slope the 
Mississippi system drains about 1,450 miles of this distance, 
and the Rio Grande the remainder, while on the western 
slope the Columbia drains about 730 miles and the Colorado 
system 1,270 miles. 

It might quite naturally be supposed that the geological 
evolution of a continent would have left this height of land 
upon the summits of the more prominent ranges; and this 
is the case along a portion of the Bitter Root range between 
Montana and Idaho, the Wind River mountains in Wyo- 
ming and several of the lofty ranges in the state of Colorado. 
Generally, however, it lies on lower ground. In the vicin- 
ity of Yellowstone Lake, for example, it is but a little higher 
than the lake surface, and in central Wyoming it extends for 
many miles over a desert plateau of comparatively low alti- 
_ tude where the streams sink into the ground and never reach 
the true drainage of either ocean. 

As the Divide is not generally on the crests of high moun- 
tains, passes over it are rarely difficult. The only charac- 
teristic passes are Union and Two-gwo-tee at the head of 
Wind river, a few over the range between Montana and 
Idaho, and several within the limits of the state of Colorado. 
In other places they are generally low and practicable, while 
in some sections, as in central Wyoming and northern New 
Mexico, the Divide can be crossed almost anywhere with- 
out discovering its actual location. The most celebrated 
crossing, the well-known South Pass, which holds so prom- 
inent a place in the early history of the West, scarcelv de- 
serves the name of a mountain pass. It is barely 7,500 feet 
high, and is situated in an open valley of gentle slopes in 
either direction, with little to mark it as a crossing of the 
main chain of the Rocky mountains. But as a gateway be- 
tween the Atlantic slope and the Pacific, it became the most 
noted pass in the mountains. 


728 THE ROCKY MOUNTAINS. 


It is a noteworthy fact that a natural geographical line 
of so great interest as the Continental Divide should have 
been so little utilized in establishing the boundaries of mod- 
ern political divisions. It forms a state boundary in only 
one place and that is for about one hundred miles between 
Montana and Idaho. During the period of the fur trade, 
however, it was the eastern boundary of the disputed ter- 
ritory of Oregon all the way from the Spanish to the Rus- 
sian possessions. 

It was the Continental Divide and the ranges in the imme- 
diate vicinity which were known to the traders and trappers 
as the Rocky mountains. That name has now, however, 
no particular habitat and can scarcely be found upon any 
modern large scale map, where every separate range has its 
own local name. The term has come to mean, in the popular 
mind, the mountains between the Mississippi and the Pacific, 
just as “the Alleghenies”’ applies in a general way to the 
mountains between that stream and the Atlantic. The name 
itself is not a happy choice, for it might apply with equal 
propriety to any range of mountains in the world. It came 
into general use only in the present century. Early writers 
refer to these mountains as the Missouri, Mexican, Shining, 
Snowy, and Stony mountains, until finally from the French 
Montagnes Rocheuses came the modern name. The general 
system was also at one time referred to by geographers as 
the great Chippewyan system, and it would have been well 
if this name had survived, as the name Appalachian has in 
the East. 


The physical aspect of the Rocky mountains is altogether 


characteristic. The traveler who passes hurriedly through 
them on the modern railroad is liable to contrast unfavorably 
their grey color, severe outlines and barren slopes with the 
verdure-clad hillsides of the Eastern states. Not so he, 
who, like the ancient trapper, frequents their unaccustomed 
haunts, comes in close contact with their wild and pictur- 
esque details, and observes their varying moods with the 
changes of each day and of the seasons of the year. This 


ss 


PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS. 729 


more intimate acquaintance discloses a wealth of beauty 
which the uniform green of the Eastern mountains does not 
possess, and it is said by reputable painters of natural scen- 
ery, that no mountains in the world, not even the Alps, 
afford scenes so satisfactory to the art as those of the Rocky 
mountains. 

The general appearance of the mountains is of a greyish 
color where vegetation is scarce. This results not only from 
the exposed areas of rock im situ, but from the disintegrated 
rock which covers the mountains in many places with a ster- 
ile soil. The reddish color of iron oxide is widely present, 
particularly in the smaller hills of the Bad Lands, while 
yellow and other colors are of frequent occurrence. 

The greater number of the northern mountains have ex- 
tensive grassy slopes, whose broad areas, inclined upward 
as on a mighty easel, and spread out in rolling stretches with 
gentle depressions between them, look like beautiful carpets 
of green or brown, according to the season, softened by the 
mellow haze of distance and burnished by the crimson rays 
of the morning and evening sun. At the higher elevations, 
from five to ten thousand feet, forests of pine, fir and similar 
trees abound extensively and cover the mountains with a 
mantle of dark green or black. At frequent intervals 
throughout these forests are open spaces, filled with luxuri- 
ant grass, forming parks of faultless beauty amid the som- 
ber solitudes of the surrounding woods. Everywhere in 
these wild and sublime situations occur the always pleas- 
ing groves of the quaking aspen, a grateful relief either 
from the gloomy view of extensive forests or the uniform 
prospect of grass-covered slopes. Taken together, these 
varied arrangements of nature present an artistic appear- 
ance that reminds one of the cultivated sections in the moun- 
tain regions of Europe where man has contributed so much 
to enhance the beauty of nature. 

The scenery of these mountains, moreover, is subject to 
continual and interesting change. Scarcely have the bleak 
storms of winter subsided, and while yet deep fields of 


f 


730 ‘AUTUMNAL COLORING. 


snow lie upon the upper slopes, the soft blossoms of spring 
shoot eagerly from the scanty soil and oppose the gentle 
warmth of their blooms to the chill snow which is slowly 
receding before them. So profuse and beautiful are the 
flowers in these lofty regions that one would doubt if any 
other season could rival the springtime in beauty. But in 
truth the somber season of autumn is the most attractive of 
all. The early frosts cover the mountain sides with the 
most varied and gorgeous colors. ‘The quaking aspen, 
which before was simply a mass of green upon the moun- 
tain side, now stands forth with tenfold greater distinctness 
in its rich autumnal foliage. The low growth of under- 
brush, which scarcely attracts the eye at other seasons, takes 
on a livelier hue, transforming whole mountain sides into 
fields of pleasing colors. Even upon those inaccessible and © 
apparently barren slopes, where the eye had not before de- 
tected any sign of vegetable life, may now be seen spots of 
crimson and gold, as if nature had scattered here and there 
rich bouquets of flowers and bunches of fruit. 

It is not upon the surface of the earth alone that are to 
be seen the grandeur and beauty of these regions. Even 
the wild mountain storms which are frequent at certain 
seasons have an attraction peculiarly their own, and all the 
more remarkable by the very contrasts which they produce. 
If, in passing, they display on a terrible scale the power of 
the elements, on the other hand, they leave behind them, in 
the sun-gilded clouds among the mountain tops, the most 
peaceful and pleasing pictures which nature anywhere 
affords. 

Again, in the long rainless season, the atmosphere, like 
the painter’s brush, tints the hills, in ever-varying intensity, 
with the purple and blue of distance. For this is pre-em- 
inently a land of cloudless skies. The risings and settings 
of the sun are on a scale of sublime magnificence, while the 
moon rides among the mountain peaks with a serene splen- 
dor unknown in less favored climes. 

It was among scenes like these that the mountaineer of 


LOVE OF MOUNTAIN LIFE. hoa 


early days imbibed that strong love of wilderness life which 
made him restive ever after under the restraints of civiliza- 
tion. That he looked at nature with an artist’s eye, that he 
was often conscious of the beauty of his surroundings, that 
he ever paid much attention to these things, is scarcely prob- 
able. In his practical, hard-working life he doubtless often 
wished that there were no mountains, for they caused him 
many a wide detour and many a weary climb. So little use 
did he find for them that he gave very few of them names, 
and the mountain nomenclature of the West is mostly the 
outgrowth of a later period. Nevertheless he loved this 
rugged country and unconsciously yielded to those subtle 
influences which he made no attempt to analyze, but which 
bound him to wild nature with a force that he was unable to 
resist. The hardship of his life, the ever-present perils 
which environed him, the ties of kindred and home, none 
of these could extinguish the passion for mountain life 
when once he had tasted its pleasures. 

Having taken this general view of the Rocky mountains 
as a whole, it will be of interest to notice more in detail some 
of the important local ranges. Directly beneath our as- 
sumed point of observation lies the most noted historic sum- 
mit of the West, the culminating peak of the Teton range. 
In early times this range was more commonly known as the 
Three Tetons (Les Trois Tetons), because from certain 
points, particularly from the west, three peaks stood out 
prominently above all the others. The range covers a com- 
paratively small area, perhaps sixty miles long by ten to 
twenty broad, the notable part of it scarcely exceeding 
twenty miles in length. The Tetons are a prominent excep- 
tion among the mountains of the surrounding country in 
that they rise in bold relief directly from the valleys around 
them. In general the mountains are so hemmed in by suc- 
cessive terraces of foothills that their true altitude can not 
be grasped by the eye; but the Grand Teton rises in sheer 
‘relief above the surface of Jackson Lake almost a mile and a 
half. The altitude of this peak is nearly thirteen thousand 


732 THE GRAND TETON., 


eight hundred feet, being the highest mountain of the cen- 
tral region north of Colorado, unless it be Fremont Peak 
in the Wind River mountains, which 1s of almost exactly 
the same altitude.’ 

It is not alone its great altitude that has made the Grand 
Teton so famous in frontier history. The topography of 
the surrounding country is such that its summit is visible at 
a great distance in almost every direction, while its appear- 
ance from wherever seen is striking and unmistakable. 
From Union Pass, for example, sixty miles east, it looks like 
a slender spire of pure outline piercing the sky, in appear- 
ance so remarkable that the beholder is forced to question 
whether it can really pertain to any mountain. It was the 
great prominence of this peak and its ease of identification 
from other mountains that made it so useful to the early 
travelers. Far and wide it was the beacon of the trapper. 
Familiar with its different aspects as seen from different di- 
rections, he could tell his position at once when his eye fell 
upon it. 

Could this ancient monument disclose the record of what 
has transpired within its horizon, it would make known 
some of the most interesting events in the annals of the fur 
trade. For this was the paradise of the trapper. In every 
direction meandered the streams along which he was wont to 
pursue his trade, and near by were the valleys where the 
rival companies gathered in annual conclave to fight the 
bloodless battles of their business. There is scarcely an 
acre of open country in sight of it that has not been the 
scene of forgotten struggles with the implacable Blackfeet, 
while far and near, in unknown graves, lie many obscure 
wanderers of whose lonely fate no record survives. 

The pass by which the Teton range is crossed connects 


*The Grand Teton is one of the most difficult mountains to climb of 
which there is any knowledge. To the present time (1901) it has been 
ascended by white men only twice; by Messrs. N. P. Langford and 
James Stevenson in 1872, and by Messrs. William Owen, Frank S. 
Spalding, John Shive, and Frank Peterson in 1808. 


ABSAROKA AND WIND RIVER RANGES. 738 


the valley of Jackson Hole on the east with Pierre’s Hole 
on the west. It is not a very high pass, but a singular one 
in its extremely narrow and ridge-like character. The ap- 
proach from either direction is excessively steep and the 
traveler scarcely reaches the top from one side before he be- 
gins the descent on the other. The pass was extensively 
used in early fur trade days, and it is still the only practicable 
connection between the two valleys. 

As our observer, from his aerial vantage ground, looks 
to the eastward beyond the Continental Divide, range upon 
range of lofty mountains greets his eye almost to the limit 
of the horizon. Inthe near foreground is a rugged chain of 
mountains, known in modern geography by the name Ab- 
saroka,* which fills almost the entire space between the Yel- 
lowstone and its principal tributary, the Bighorn river. It 
is one of the most compact mountain masses upon the con- 
tinent, with fully a hundred peaks towering above the tim- 
ber line, and it comes as near to being an impassable barrier 
as can be found in the Rocky mountains. 

To the southwest the Absarokas merge into the Wind 
River mountains,? one of the most famous ranges of the 
west. Viewed from whatever point, these mountains pre- 
sent a sublime and imposing spectacle. From the valley of 
Green river, that favorite summer meeting-ground of the 
trappers and traders, they appear like a solid rampart to the 
eastward, with Fremont Peak (13,790 feet) the command- 
ing summit; while from across the valley of Wind river, on 
the other side of the range, they bound the southwestern 
horizon with a wavy line so lofty as scarcely to seem to rest 


* This name as here applied is of recent date and is intended to com- 
memorate the tribe of Indians (Absaroka, or Crows) who dwelt in the 
valley of the Bighorn river to the eastward of these mountains. 

* This name more probably arose from the prevalence of southwest 
winds on the summits of these mountains than from any characteristic 
of the valley itself, as the name might imply. Union Pass, near the 
head of Wind river, is one of the windiest places in the world, and 
the trees and other vegetation are so bent over by the constant blast that 
in many instances they stand more nearly horizontal than vertical. 


7 34 ; THE BIGHORN MOUNTAINS. 


upon the earth. Immense snowfields lie upon these dizzy 
heights throughout the summer, and feed the innumerable 
lakes and streams which unite to form the rivers on either 
side. 

This mighty barrier lay directly in the route of travel be- 
tween the valleys of the Yellowstone and Bighorn rivers on 
the northeast and those of Green river, Salt Lake and Snake 
river on the southwest and west. As a consequence, travel- 
ers had to bend out of their course and cross the mountains 
by the head of Wind river to the north, or in the other 
direction by South Pass at the head of the Sweetwater. 

The Wind River mountains are celebrated in fur trade 
history and in native lore. The Indians clothed them with 
superstitious legends, as they always do any locality whose 
secret places they are unable to explore, while the scarcely 
less ignorant trapper felt a wholesome awe of their weird 
and gloomy retreats. 

Beyond the valley of the Bighorn river, which lies at the 
eastern base of the Absarokas, rises the extensive range of 
the Bighorn mountains.* It is atypical example of detached 
mountain masses in the Far West. Extending north and 
south for one hundred and fifty miles between the Bighorn 
and Powder rivers, it forms a compact barrier through 
which there are but few practicable passes. The range 
abounds in fine scenery and is the home of a great number 
of lakes of Alpine beauty. Several of the peaks attain great 
altitude, the highest, Cloud Peak, being 13,300 feet high. 
This was likewise a range with which the trapper always had 
to reckon, for it lay directly in his route from the trapping 
grounds of the Bighorn to those of Powder river. 

Far to the eastward of the Bighorn mountains, across a 
dreary waste of reddish hills and broken, uninviting country, 
the observer may descry the dark and shaggy eminences of 
the Black Hills, the extreme eastern outlier of the Rocky 


*This name is of course derived from the animal of the same name, 
Ovis Montana, which formerly abounded in this region, and is still 
occasionally seen there. 


THE BLACK HILLS. 735 


mountains. The dense forests of pine and stunted, wind- 
torn cedars gave to these hills, when seen from a distance, 
the dark appearance from which is derived their name. 
Like most of the other early names of the Northwest, this 
one was first used by the French. Long before any Amer- 
ican had visited these parts, Les Cotes Notres were well 
known to the Creole trader and voyageur. ‘The name is now 
restricted to the mass of mountains enclosed by the two 
forks of the Cheyenne river, in the modern states of Wyo- 
ming and South Dakota, but it had a far broader application 
in the early times. 

The Black Hills, though not to be compared as mountains 
with those farther west, were nevertheless a notable and 
important range. Harney Peak, the commanding summit, 
is 7,368 feet high. The scenery of the hills is, in many 
places, grand and sublime, and certain localities, like that of 
Sylvan lake and the Spearfish cafion, bear high comparison 
with the finest scenery on the continent. The abundance 

and variety of floral growth add an element of beauty which 
is one of the chief attractions. 

These mountains were famous in Indian lore, and many 
were the legends concerning their mysterious labyrinths, and 
the dangers and terrors concealed within them. No other 
mountains in the entire West surpassed them in this regard. 
At the same time they were a great resource to the surround- 
ing tribes, who made annual excursions thither in quest of 
wood for the various uses of their manner of life. 

To the trapper, the Black Hills were the best known, as 
they were the nearest, mountains that he was wont to fre- 
quent. They were rich in the commercial products which 
were the objects of his pursuit, and his operations embraced 
the entire region. 

Extending southwesterly from the Black Hills of Dakota, 
southerly from the Bighorn range, and southeasterly from 
the Wind River mountains, are many detached spurs and 
isolated peaks which merge together in the region along 
the upper North Platte and the Laramie rivers, and extend 


730 THE MOUNTAINS OF COLORADO. 


thence southerly to the high mountains of Colorado. These 
ranges are now known under a variety of local names, but in 
the fur trade period they were collectively a part of the 
Black Hills. Probably the most noted summit in those scat- 
tered groups is Laramie Peak, nearly fifty miles west of old 
Fort Laramie, and one of the best known landmarks of 
this region. | 

The territory embraced within the modern political divi- 
sions of Colorado and northern New Mexico is a typical 
mountain region. It is here that the Rocky mountains 
appear in all their grandeur — massive, lofty and sublime. 
The principal peaks are nearly all over 14,000 feet high. In 
marked contrast with other portions of the West, where 
the approach to the main ranges is through a long 
succession of foothills, extending perhaps hundreds of 
miles, the mountains of central Colorado rise at once in full 
magnitude directly from the prairies. This is notably true 
of the Front and Rampart ranges, which face the plains to 
the north and south of Denver. As seen from far out on 
the prairies they appear like a mighty wall of corrugated 
outline, projected against the western sky, while from the 
mountains themselves the far-stretching savannas resemble 
the unbroken vista of the ocean. 

Two prominent peaks stand out from these ranges dis- 
tinctly visible for a hundred miles to the eastward. They 
are Long’s Peak in the Front range, and Pike’s Peak at the 
southern extremity of the Rampart range. The former 
peak was named in 1820 for Major Stephen H. Long, whose 
exploring party discovered it. It is 14,271 feet high. 
Pike’s Peak is now the best known summit of the Rocky 
mountains, and holds a prominence with the traveling public 
which the Grand Teton formerly held with the trappers and 
traders. Pike’s Peak, though previously known to the 
Spaniards, was first seen by Americans, so far as we posi- 
tively know, in 1806, when it was visited, though not 
ascended, by Lieutenant Z. M. Pike, of the United States 
Army, whose name, after many vicissitudes and changes, it 


PIKE'S PEAK. 737 


now bears. The Grand Teton was not discovered until a 
year later, when it was probably seen by John Colter. 
Pike’s Peak is 14,147 feet high, or 347 feet higher than the 
Teton summit. Like the latter, it rises in sheer relief a mile 
and a half above the valley below. The summits of these 
two mountains are strikingly different, one being of rounded 
outline, and comparatively easy of access; the other a rocky 
pinnacle, which it is almost impossible to climb. 

In southern Colorado the Sangre de Cristo and Culebra 
ranges are similarly situated to the Front and Rampart 
ranges farther north, although they do not rise so directly 
from the eastern plains. At the southern extremity of the 
Sangre de Cristo range is Blanca Peak (14,464 feet), dom- 
inating the valley of the upper Rio Grande, and the highest 
mountain in Colorado. A little to the eastward of the 
Culebra range rise the Spanish Peaks (12,720 feet), two 
prominent outlying summits which were noted landmarks 
during the period of the Santa Fe trade and subsequent 
exploration. 

Back of the easternmost line of the Colorado mountains 
a continuous succession of ranges extends to the western 
boundary of the state, so diversified in detail that it would be 
impossible in the space here available to describe them. In 
the central portion of the state they are of lofty and massive 
proportions, extending in every possible direction, and con- 
trolling the topography of the country. Farther west their 
appearance changes materially, assuming more the charac- 
ter of bad lands, though on a stupendous scale, and they are 
known, from their peculiar forms, as mesas, book cliffs, 
buttes, and the like.® 


* Among the loftier peaks of central Colorado may be mentioned the 
Mount of the Holy Cross, a name which dates from the fur trade 
period. Its modern application, however, is not the same as it was 
then. It now belongs to a mountain some fifteen miles northwest of 
Leadville, Colorado—a noble peak 14,176 feet high—on the face of 
which there is a cross formed by the perpetual snows which gather 
in longitudinal and transverse chasms on the mountain side. 

As noted by Farnham, 1839, the name applied to a conical hill about 


738 MOUNTAINS OF UTAH. 


The mountain passes of Colorado are the most noted in 
the Rocky mountains, now that South Pass has lost its 
former prominence. ‘The great development of this region, 
owing to the discovery of valuable mineral deposits, has 
given to the question of getting over the high ranges, an 
importance which it did not possess during the fur trade 
era. Many new passes, never crossed by the trapper, have 
been found by the engineer, and these, as well as the old 
ones, are among the chief modern attractions in this home 
of mountain scenery. 

The mountainous sections of Colorado were not fre- 
quented by the trapper to the same extent as were the regions 
farther north. Possibly the very difficulty of traversing the 
country made it less desirable to operate in. It was, of 
course, well known, and its streams were worked for beaver, 
but it did not compare in this respect with the region about 
the sources of the Missouri, Columbia, and Green rivers. 

Passing from the broken and rugged terrain of Colorado 
into the northeastern corner of Utah, a remarkably compact 
and imposing chain of mountains is encountered, to which 
the name Uintah has been given. It extends almost due 
east and west for about a hundred miles, and forms such a 
solid mass that very few practical crossings have been dis- 
covered in modern times. The culminating summit of the 
range is Gilbert Peak, 13,687 feet high. These mountains 
lie directly athwart the course of Green river, which is forced 
to make a detour of about sixty miles to the eastward in 
order to get by them. The country round about was 


eight hundred feet above the general level. The cross was formed by 
“two transverse seams of what appeared to be crystallized quartz.” 
The upper end of the cross was “about 100 feet below the summit.” 
“The upright was about 60 feet in length; the cross seam about 20 
feet, thrown across the upright near its top.” “The trappers have 
reverently named this peak the Myuntain of the Holy Cross.” 

Singularly enough this mountain is not far distant from the modern 
Holy Cross Mountain. As near as can be determined from the imper- 
fect description it was just north of the pass over the Continental 
Divide near Breckenridge, Colorado. 


MOUNTAINS OF MONTANA. 739 


famous trapping territory, as may be inferred from the fact 
that nearly all of its many streams bear names that were 
given by the trapper. 

Extending north and south through the state of Utah, and 
for a long distance forming the divide between the valleys 
of Green river and Great Salt Lake, is a prominent chain of 
mountains known by the name of Wasatch. Nearly east 
of the southern extremity of Great Salt Lake it forms a 
junction with the Uintah mountains. A little farther north 
it is broken by a deep rift, through which a railroad now 
finds its way. Still farther north it rises again in a bold 
mass of mountains which occupies the interior of the horse 
shoe formed by the course of Bear river. 

The entire region to the northward between the valleys 
of Green river on the east and Bear and Snake rivers on the 
west is filled with mountain ranges, known under different 
names, but forming part of a general system which extends 
from the Wasatch and Uintah mountains on the south to 
the Teton and Wind River ranges on the north. These 
mountains abound in fine streams, which made them a 
favorite resort of the trapper. The great highway across 
them in the early days was that now followed by the Ore- 
gon Short Line railroad. 

Extending from the region of the Yellowstone National 
Park along what is now the boundary line between Montana 
and Idaho is a long and almost continuous range of moun- 
tains which makes a broad sweep from the west to the north, 
and finally leaves the territory of the United States in north- 
western Washington. The southern portion of this range 
to about latitude forty-six degrees is still known on some 
maps by the name Rocky mountains. North of this point 
it bears the name Bitter Root as far as it forms the state 
boundary. It then takes the name of Cceur d’Aléne, and 
extends in a northwest direction across the narrow strip of 
northern Idaho and the northeast corner of Washington into 
the British possessions. The southern portion of this 
range, as above described, lies on the Continental Divide, 


740 THE BLUE MOUNTAINS. 


but this line leaves it just north of latitude forty-six, swings 
eastward to the near vicinity of Helena, Montana, and then 
extends north to the boundary. 

The whole of western Montana is very mountainous, and 
the name of the state was well chosen. The mountains 
extend far eastward to the center of the state in smaller 
detached ranges, such as the Judith, Belt, Little Rocky, and 
Bear Paw mountains. In that section immediately north of 
the National Park, they assume a massive and lofty charac- 
ter, which denotes their close connection with the Absaroka 
range already described. 

The entire country among these mountains was a fruitful 
one to the trapper, and was frequented as much as any in 
the West. The ranges had numerous and easy passes, and 
were not, except in the few places already noted, formidable 
obstacles to travel. Several of the most important Indian 
tribes made their home in the country round about. The 
region was therefore one of great activity in the days of the 
fur trade, although it was mainly exploited by British com- 
panies in that portion which lay on the Pacific slope. 

West of the Bitter Root mountains in central Idaho the 
country is excessively broken by ranges of mountains that 
separate the eastern tributaries of Snake river. The Salmon 
river and Clearwater mountains are the most important. 
They extend across the state westwardly to and beyond 
Snake river, which has cut its way through them in one of 
the most imposing cafions in the world. To the west of 
Snake river these mountains continue into Oregon, where 
the range extends first southwest and then west well toward 
the center of the state. They are here known as the Blue 
mountains, and are particularly noted in fur trade history as 
the difficult barrier that lay between the Columbia river and 
the upper course of the Snake. The topography of the 
country was such that all travel between these rivers, the 
Snake and the Columbia, was compelled to traverse this 
range. The same necessity exists today and the railroad 
now follows essentially what was once the Oregon Trail. 


THE SIERRA NEVADAS, 741 


Southwardly from the Salmon river and Blue mountains, 
through southern Idaho and Oregon, western Utah and 
eastern Nevada, even to the borders of California and Ari- 
zona, was a region which, though not mountainous in the 
sense of those just described, contained many broken and 
detached ranges, isolated peaks and buttes, and singular 
irregularities of ground which fall under none of the usual 
designations. These eminences are not generally of great 
altitude, but owing to the surrounding topography are often 
visible at immense distances and therefore serve as important 
landmarks. The Three Buttes of the Snake river plain are 
conspicuous examples. 

There remains to be considered that extensive mountain 
system which lies parallel to the Pacific coast and forms the 
final barrier between the Mississippi valley and those of Cali- 
fornia and Oregon. In its southern portion it is known as 
the Sierra Nevada, and farther north as the Cascade range. 

The Sierra Nevada is probably the most extensive and 
massive array of mountains in the United States, if not in 
North America. Its lofty peaks, its successive ranges, 
which give great depth to the system, its never-melting 
snow fields and its deep and gloomy cafions have made it 
a most formidable barrier to travel, which even at this day 
is crossed in but few places. The principal mass of these 
mountains extends upwards of two hundred miles parallel 
to the San Joaquin valley of California. In this portion of 
its course are found its loftiest peaks, reaching to an altitude 
of nearly 15,000 feet. In the western foothills is the mar- 
velous cafion of Yosemite, and near by a grove of those 
gigantic redwood trees which are one of the wonders of 
nature. | 

The Sierra Nevadas break down somewhat in northern 
California, and merge for a short distance with the Coast 
range, which lies close to the ocean. Klamath and Pitt 
rivers here find their way through the range from the eastern 
side to the Pacific. North of the Klamath the name Cas- 
cade begins, and continues to the British boundary. The 


742 LOFTY MOUNTAIN PEAKS. 


principal gap through the Cascades is where the Columbia 
river makes its way to the ocean, although there are other 
practicable openings both north and south. 

The Sierra Nevada and the Cascade ranges abound in 
noble peaks, including some of the loftiest in the country. 
Owing to their proximity to the coast, and the low altitude 
of the valleys to the westward, their elevation is more appar- 
ent than in other sections of the mountains. The three most 
notable peaks are situated respectively at the southern, cen- 
tral, and northern portions of the range. Mt. Whitney, in 
southern California, is the highest peak in the United States, 
with an elevation of 14,898 feet. In the space between the 
Sierra Nevada and Cascade ranges is Mt. Shasta, 14,350 
feet, one of the best known mountains of the West. Mt. 
Rainier, north of the Columbia river in Washington, has 
an altitude of 14,444 feet, and is plainly visible from sea 
level on Puget Sound. It is one of the few mountains in 
the world which stands out in full relief, and it affords per- 
haps the most perfect example of a single mountain peak to 
be met with in nature. 

The mountain ranges last considered were not of great 
importance in the American fur trade, because in only three 
or four instances did the operations of the American com- 
panies reach so far. The streams of the Cascade range, 
however, were thoroughly exploited by the Hudson Bay 
Company, and were as rich a field as the West afforded. 
The expeditions of the Astorians and of Nathaniel J. Wyeth 
to the Columbia, and of J. S. Smith and I. R. Walker to 
California, were the only instances in which Americans ever 
seriously attempted to develop the fur trade of these moun- 
tains. 


CHAPTER? IT, 


VALLEYS AND PLAINS. 


The typical mountain valley — Valleys along the Three Forks — The 
Gallatin valley — Valley of the Three Forks — Great Bend of the Yel- 
lowstone — Gardner’s Hole — Jackson Hole — Jackson’s Little Hole — 
Pierre’s Hole— Upper Green river valley — Brown’s Hole — Ogden’s 
Hole — Cache valley — The Grande Ronde — Old and New Parks and 
Bayou Salade — San Luis valley — The Plains — Change in the country 
westward from the Missouri— The Bad Lands— The “Great Ameri- 
can Desert’ — Prairie roads — Storms of the prairies — Prairie fires — 
The mirage — The plains not a trapping country. 


HE “holes” of the mountains, as they were called by 
the trappers, were of paramount importance in the 
business of the fur trade, as indeed they have been in all 
enterprises which man has carried on among the mountain- 
ous regions of the earth. Nothing in nature is more beau- 
tiful than a typical valley in the Rocky mountains. Around 
it tower the eternal hills, like faithful sentinels, to guard and 
protect it. Perennial streams of crystal water, fresh from 
the pure snows on the mountain sides, flow down from every 
direction into the plains below. Converging lines of foliage 
mark the courses of these streams as they mingle one with 
another, until all are united in a broad ribbon of verdure, 
which meanders across the valley and finally leaves it 
through some opening in the surrounding hills. Scattered 
here and there are groves of the quaking aspen, but generally 
the lowlands are covered with nutritious grasses, which en- 
joy here a more healthy and luxuriant growth than in the 
arid tracts below the mountains. The flowers of spring 
likewise bloom in greater profusion and with more exquisite 
colors than where nature has deprived them of the moisture 
which they require. 


744 THE GALLATIN VALLEY. 


These mountain valleys must be distinguished on the one 
hand from extensive basins, like that of the Bighorn river, 
which comprise a great variety of topography, and on the 
other, from those contracted openings through the moun- 
tains which fall more properly under the designation of 
cafions. The open valleys here considered were in the nature 
of parks, grateful oases in the waste of rugged country, 
where the wild game loved to gather and the mountaineer 
found rest from his prodigious labors. In these charming 
retreats he was wont to pitch his camp, where there were 
water and grass for his stock, wood for his fire, shelter from 
the tempest, and convenience to the objects of his pursuit. 
What he did not find here, unfortunately, was protection 
from savage foes, who, like their pale face brethren, loved 
the valleys and made them their home. 

There were hundreds of these valleys in the Rocky moun- 
tains, but it will here be possible to refer only to a few of 
the more important. Each of the three forks of the Mis- 
souri had its parks or basins. The beautiful valley of upper 
Red Rock creek, the source of Jefferson Fork, known in 
recent years as Centennial valley, was a much frequented 
spot in early times. Near the sources of the Madison there 
were also numerous parks, which are still without distinc- 
tive names; but which were familiar resorts to the hunters 
and trappers. All of these valleys were connected by easy 
passes over the Continental Divide with the equally impor- 
tant basin of Henry Lake, one of the ultimate sources of the 
Columbia. 

Along the lower course of the Gallatin and its principal 
tributary, the East Fork, is one of the most extensive and 
beautiful mountain valleys inthe West. It is the vacant bed 
of an ancient lake, surrounded by a cordon of mountains 
which are flecked here and there with patches of snow and 
are clothed in the varying hues of the atmosphere, depend- 
ent upon their distance from the beholder... The valley is 
upwards of thirty miles long, with a remarkably even to- 


q 
7 
= 
¢ 
: 
} 


? br SP ne ey ee yet eA es —o _— 


THE VALLEY OF THE THREE FORKS. 745 


pography and a bountiful supply of water from the Gallatin 
and its various tributaries. It was the scene of great activ- 
ity during the entire period of the fur trade and yielded 
untold wealth to the coffers of the traders. 

The immediate valley where the Three Forks unite to 
form the Missouri is of very limited area, but was of great 
importance in the early days. A glance at the map will 
show its strategic and commercial relation to the surround- 
ing country. A short distance to the eastward lay the valley 
of the Yellowstone, while to the south, by easy passes over 
the Divide, access was had to the Snake river valley 
ai@pathemrecion beyond, “North, and west -lay an 
extensive country prolific in the fruits of the chase. 
The Three Forks themselves and their numerous tributaries 
were the best trapping ground on the continent. All of 
these considerations appealed strongly to the early traders, 
and very soon after the return of Lewis and Clark, in 1806, 
attempts were made to found a trading post there. These 
efforts, though more than once repeated, always failed on 
account of the hostility of the Blackfeet Indians; and a sort 
of fatality has hung over the spot even to the present day. 
In recent years, the government went to the upper end of 
the East Gallatin valley to found a military post, where has 
also arisen the principal town in this part of the country. 
The ground around the Three Forks has been staked out 
into streets and blocks of a city yet to be, but not a house 
stands upon the spot. It is a singular fact, and is account- 
ed for by some, on the ground that the valley was the im- 
memorial fighting ground of hostile tribes, while the soil 
was sterile on account of the alkali washed down from the 
higher sections. Be this as it may, it seems as if nature had 
ordained that this meeting place of the sources of the 
world’s longest river should remain unchanged by the hand 
of man. 

The Great Bend of the Yellowstone, where Livingston, 
Montana, now stands, was a picturesque spot hemmed in 
by lofty hills, and a convenient point to the trappers, who 


740 JACKSON HOLE. 


often passed their winters there. In ascending the Yellow- 
stone from the Great Bend to its source, a series of canons 
is passed between which the valley spreads out into open 
parks, where the bottom lands and hillsides are carpeted, like 
the green hills of France, with meadows so uniform and 
lawn-like as scarcely to seem the product of unaided nature. 

In an open valley of most attractive surroundings on one 
of the upper tributaries of the Yellowstone, a free trapper, 
Johnson Gardner, plied his trade as far back as 1830, and 
gave the river and valley hisname. “Gardner’s Hole” was 
the uncouth name of this beautiful spot which every tourist 
now sees as he enters the Yellowstone National Park. 

South of this government reservation lies one of the 
most celebrated of all the mountain valleys, still known by 
the name first given it, Jackson Hole.t The name em- 
braces the whole valley along the eastern base of the Tetons 
from the north shore of Jackson Lake to the mouth of the 
Little Grosventre river, a distance of upward of forty 
miles. 

A most striking feature of this wonderful valley is its 
extremely flat topography, surrounded as it is by some of 
the most rugged mountains on the continent. Its beauty 
is greatly enhanced by the presence of several lakes which 
lie immediately at the base of the Teton range, and in whose 
placid surfaces these mountains stand reflected as from the 
most perfect mirror. The landscape thus formed has been 
the despair of painters of natural scenery since the valley 
became frequented by students of nature. Neither pen nor 
pencil, nor the modern perfection of the photographic art. 
can reproduce its marvelous beauty. 

Whatever the trapper may have thought of the scenic at- 
traction of this valley, he certainly loved the spot, and it was 
always one of his favorite haunts. It was a most conven- 
ient base of operations. From north to south through it 
flowed the Snake river, with its sources mainly in the Yel- 


*Named for David Jackson, of the firm of Smith, Jackson and Sub- 
lette, who did business in this region from 1826 to 1830. (Ferris.) 


EY 
PIERRES HOLE. 747 


lowstone Park farther to the north. Three large tributaries 
joined the main stream in this vicinity and all were full of 
beaver when the trapper first visited them. Jackson Hole 
was thus a point from which small trapping parties could 
explore the many branches of these larger streams and to 
which they could return with the fruits of their labors. It 
was probably also safer from Indian incursions than were 
other valleys less difficult of access. There was no easy way 
to get into it, and from most directions it was then, and is 
still, exceedingly difficult to enter it at all. 

Another valley which bore the name of Jackson was 
Jackson’s Little Hole. It was situated at the source of 
Hoback river just across the Divide from Green river, and 
was the first camping place after leaving Green river for 
Jackson or Pierre’s Hole. 

From Jackson Hole a trail led across Teton Pass to the 
scarcely less celebrated locality of Pierre’s Hole.2 The Te- 
ton or Pierre river drains the western slope of the Teton 
mountains. It rises in Teton Pass, and flows slightly west 
of north for about thirty miles, when it turns due west and 
flows into Henry Fork of Snake river. It was that portion 
of the valley that lay along the northerly course of the 
stream to which the name Pierre’s Hole applied. The open 
valley is about twenty-five miles long, and five to fifteen 
broad. On the right hand, looking down stream, rises the 
mighty wall of the Teton range, while on the left is the 
much less lofty range of the Snake River mountains. 
Through the center of the valley wound the inevitable line 
of trees which showed where the waters from the mountains 
were flowing, and many a tributary could be discovered 
coming in from the highlands on either side. The valley 
is a most attractive one, and is now being rapidly filled up 
with industrious settlers. 

Pierre’s Hole was a particularly favorite resort of the 
trader. Several of the annual rendezvous were held here. 


*“Tt receives its name from an Iroquois chieftain, who first discovered 
~ it, and was killed in 1827 on the source of the Jefferson river.” (Ferris. ) 


748 BROWN’S HOLE. 


and there are still in existence business papers of the Rocky 
Mountain Fur Company which bear the date, “ Pierre’s 
Hole, Under the Three Teton Mountains.” The events of 
the year 1832, which are narrated in detail elsewhere, would 
alone make the valley famous. 

About seventy miles southeast of Jackson’s Hole was an 
amphitheatre-shaped basin situated where Green river 
emerges from the Wind River mountains in a westerly direc- 
tion and turns due south on its long journey to the Gulf of 
California. The valley was not so closely hemmed in by 
mountains as were those just described, but it was even more 
important to the fur trade. It was a favorite rendezvous 
for many years, and witnessed some of the most notable 
gatherings of the Indians and traders that ever took place 
in the mountains. 

Two hundred miles by the river channel below the local- 
ity just described, Green river flows for sixty miles in a 
direction nearly due east along the northern base of the 
Uintah range. Some twenty-five miles of this distance is 
through an open valley from five to six miles wide, hemmed 
in by the mountains in the most effectual manner. The river 
enters and leaves it through dismal, deep, and impassable 
caiions, and take it all in all, it is little else than a solitary 
mountain prison, surrounded with the grandest scenes of 
nature, but cut off entirely from the outside world. This 
was the famous Brown’s Hole® of the trappers, known in 
modern geography by the more pleasing name of Brown 
Park. In the later years of the fur trade the valley was 
much frequented by the trappers, who even maintained at 
one time an inferior trading post there. 

Near the northeastern shore of the Great Salt Lake there 
was a deep recess in the range of lofty mountains to the east, 
known in early times as Ogden’s Hole, where now the city 
of Ogden, Utah, stands. It was a sheltered cove of strik- 
ing form and beauty, and no doubt was frequented by the 


*This name is understood to have been given for the trader who 
first did business in the valley. 


CACHE VALLEY. 749 


retainers of that noted trader whose name it now bears. 

The most important valley near Great Salt Lake, however, 
was that traversed by Bear river in northern Utah and south- 
ern Idaho. It was an extensive valley, bounded on the east 
by a noble range of mountains, and on the west by smaller 
hills, where all the conditions were to be found that made a 
desirable stamping ground for the trapper. Today it is the 
home of a busy population, with ten or more thriving vil- 
lages all in sight at once. It is still known by its original 
name of Cache Valley, which arose from some unrecorded 
circumstance, possibly from the cache of beaver furs belong- 
ing to Peter Skeen Ogden which shadowy tradition says was 
“lifted” by General Ashley, to the latter’s great financial 
advancement.® 

A little valley which deserves a passing notice lies in the 
eastern flank of the Blue mountains in Oregon, directly on 
the line of the old Oregon Trail. It was named by the 
French, from its form, Grande Ronde, and was a well- 
known camping and resting place on the Trail. 

The principal open valleys in the Colorado mountains 
are those now known as the North, Middle and South Parks, 
but which the trappers knew as the New and Old Parks and 
the Bayou Salade.® In them the North Platte, Grand and 


*Peter Skeen Ogden, a leading spirit of the Hudson Bay Com- 
pany in the decade between 1820 and 1830. 

poce-fart II, Chapter XVI. 

A. W. Ferris, in Life in the Rocky Mountains, says that the valley 
was named from the circumstance that there an employe of Smith, 
Jackson and Sublette, while engaged with others in building a cache in 
the side of a bank, was killed by the bank caving in. “ His compan- 
ions,” says Ferris, “believed him to have been instantly killed, knew 
him to be well buried, and therefore left him.” It is quite possible that 
the writer was somewhat mixed as to the locality of this accident. An 
exactly similar mishap occurred in the Wind river valley in 1830. 

* Where the names New and Old, as applied to the North and Middle 
Parks, came from, I do not know. Sage says that the modern North 
Park was not at first as much frequented by hunters as was the Middle 
Park, and as a result game increased in it at the expense of its southern 
neighbor. When the hunters began to be drawn to it extensively they 


750 MOUNTAIN PARKS OF COLORADO. 


South Platte rivers respectively find their sources. They 
are typical mountain valleys, although considerably larger 
than those just described. They were great resorts for the 
trappers, and the Bayou Salade in particular was a favorite 
retreat for both the white man and the Indian. 

On the upper course of the Rio Grande there were two 
notable valleys, known by the names of Taos and San Luis. 
Taos was the northernmost of the Spanish settlements in 
New Mexico and was a famous place in the annals of the 
fur trade. The San Luis valley, as an opening among 
rugged mountains, is one of the most striking in the entire 
West. Surrounded by lofty peaks, among which is the dom- 
inating summit of Sierra Blanca in the Sangre de Cristo 
range, it is itself as smooth and even as the flattest prairie — 
so uniform in surface that the railroads which radiate from 
Alamosa in the center of the valley extend in almost 
straight lines for a distance of from twenty-five to fifty miles. 
The trappers who plied their calling in these valleys and the 
country to the westward were mostly connected with the 
Santa Fe trade and brought their furs either to Santa Fe or 
Taos for sale or shipment to the United States. 

Such are a few typical mountain valleys among the hun- 
dreds that were known to the trapper. His claim upon them 
nas long since been transferred to a more civilized posterity, 
who have utilized the streams where he once trapped for 
beaver to extract from the soil a less precarious livelihood 
than they ever yielded to him. Their beauty and grandeur 
remain and their utility has been increased, but the romance 


called it the New Park in distinction from that with which they had 
been longer acquainted. New or North Park was also called the Bull 
Pen by the trappers. 

The word bayou in the early French usage in this country meant a 
slack water slough connected with some larger stream. “In township 
12 South Range 76 West, on the south Fork of S. Platte river in South 
Park, Colo., are two saline lakes and a salt creek. It was anciently a 
great resort for buffalo and was given the name Bayou Salade by the 
trappers.” (Berthoud.) 


THE PLAINS. 751 


of their early occupation by white men has permanently 
passed away. 

What was included in the term “ plains,” as used in fron- 
tier history, it would be difficult to say. “‘ Across the 
plains” generally meant from the Missouri river to one’s 
destination, whether across the prairies of Kansas, the staked 
plains of Texas, the sand hills of Nebraska, the Bad Lands of 
Dakota, the sage brush tracts scattered everywhere through- 
out the West, the lava wastes of Idaho, or the alkali des- 
erts of Utah, Nevada, and California. The term “ prairies,” 
in popular use, referred more specifically to the region be- 
tween the Missouri river and the foothills of the mountains, 
those broad and treeless areas, often rolling and diversified, 
yet as often flat as the level sea, lying in part within the 
region of rains and luxuriant vegetation, and in part in the 
arid zone beyond. 

To convey an idea of the external aspect of the country 
which the trader and trapper passed over and lived in while 
absent from the frontiers, it will be expedient to follow them 
in a journey from the Missouri to the heart of the moun- 
tains and note those features which especially appealed to 
them in the line of their particular business. 

For one hundred and fifty miles out from Independence, 
or say to the 98th meridian, the traveler was in a country 
agriculturally rich. Here nature reveled in exuberant 
growth, for there were a bountiful soil, abundant rain, and 
dew in the morning, as in the most favored localities in the 
East. All descriptions of the prairies in the early days 
abound in enthusiastic praise of this delightful region, and 
nearly all foresaw in it the home of populous communities 
yet to be. With little qualification this was true of the 
country north and south, within these limits of longitude, to 
the boundaries of the United States. Although it lay mostly 
out of the timber belt, the soil was exceedingly fertile, and 
whatever man might intelligently cultivate was bound to 
flourish there. 

But as the traveler held on his way another one hundred 


752 THE PRAIRIES. 


and fifty miles, or say to the 10Ist meridian, a notable change 
came over the face of the country. ‘The rolling hills sank 
into the even plains, as uniform and monotonous as the 
naked ocean. Look in whatever direction he might, no 
undulation of the ground restricted the limit of vision, and it 
needed only a passing sail to make the illusion complete. 
He observed that the soil was less deep and rich, the rains 
evidently much less frequent, the water very scarce except in 
the larger streams, the trees along the river less abundant, 
and vegetation generally less luxuriant, if not actually 
dwarfed and scanty. Before the western limit of this belt 
was reached there began to appear infallible signs which 
denoted proximity to the desert. Among them were the 
sage brush, the cactus, and the prairie dog, those singular 
products of the vegetable and animal worlds which seem to 
flourish only where nature is parched and dry. The soil 
also began to show a white efflorescence denoting the pres- 
ence of the dreaded alkali, which from here on would render 
many of the streams and pools unfit for drink and would 
fill the air along the road with a suffocating dust. 

The third belt of three degrees of longitude, extending 
to the 104th meridian, carried the traveler into the worst 
features of the plains country. He found himself in the 
hilly region which betokened proximity to the mountains, 
whose glistening crests he could already discern in the dis- 
tance. Rock began to appear in the bluffs along the streams. 
In some localities, as in the valley of the North Platte, the 
elements have carved these rocks into remarkable shapes to 
which the early traveler gave such names as Court House, 
Chimney, and the like. Generally, however, the exposed 
rock has been mellowed down by the action of time into 
gentler slopes where vegetation finds a precarious foot- 
hold. 

A curious and remarkable region in this zone is that com- 
prising the sand hills of Nebraska. These rounded hills, 
composed of sand with a thin covering of turf, are often of 
considerable height, and are so like one another that it is 


THE BAD LANDS. 753 


impossible to distinguish between them. Landmarks are 
wanting, and once off the trail one is almost certain to get 
confused as to his bearings. Not even the dense and track- 
less forest is so easy a place to get lost in. These hills, 
though useless for agriculture, afforded fair grazing for the 
buffalo. 

Farther north in Dakota between the Black Hills and the 
Missouri is a tract of country where nature seems to have 
outdone herself to render her aspect hideous and forbid- 
ding. The whole country is cut up by gullies, or coulées, 
while the ancient surface of the ground is indicated here and 
there by harder material, which has resisted the action of 
time and stands aloft above the general level. The elements 
have carved these hills into the most varied and fantastic 
shapes, sometimes like the domes and towers of a city, and 
again unlike anything which art or nature has elsewhere 
produced. In some of the hills or bluffs there is a distinct 
stratification, the appearance of which was confused by the 
_ paths of the mountain sheep in former times, as it is by 
domestic sheep now. The soil has an oily, slippery consist- 
ency when wet which makes it impossible at such times to 
clamber up the steep slopes. On these barren, ashy hills no 
vegetation thrives, or in such lonesome, sickly forms as are 
found only where life pines and languishes from the pov- 
erty of nature. Little animal life is seen except the snake 
and the lizard, unless indeed from some lofty pinnacle the 
stately bighorn surveys in solitary independence the scene 
of desolation around him. 

These are the Bad Lands, the Mauvaises Terres of the 
French, and present the hopeless side of the Western coun- 
try, a true picture of the Great.American Desert. In one 
form or another the Bad Lands are found over a vast extent 
of country. The whole region between the Black Hills and 
the Bighorn mountains, extending north to the Missouri, 
contains tracts of this character. The valley of the Bighorn 
is full of bad lands. South of the Sweetwater river in Wy- 
oming are extensive areas which differ essentially from the 


754 THE GREAT AMERICAN DESERT. 


Dakota bad lands, but surpass them, if possible, in general 
worthlessness. Here may be seen those soda lakes where 
the alkali of the plains exhibits itself in a concentrated form, 
which has annihilated every form of life within it. In this 
strange and uninviting region are extensive fossil remains, 
which indicate that in past geological time, conditions more 
favorable to life prevailed here. The Pacific side of the 
mountains even outdoes the Atlantic slope in its desert 
appearance. The valley of Green river from its source to its 
mouth abounds in bad lands of one form or another In 
Colorado and Utah the broken character of the country is on 
a stupendous scale, cut up with impassable cafions and 
walled in in every direction by lofty and almost vertical 
cliffs. The vast lava plains of Snake river with their suffo- 
cating dust, the barren deserts of Utah and Nevada with 
their salt fields and waterless stream beds, and the lifeless 
wastes of southern California are a part of this scene of 
widespread desolation. To the south the picture is equally 
uninviting. It would be difficult to say what proportion of 
the immense region of New Mexico and Arizona is of this 
worthless character, but it is large enough. To the east of 
the mountains the Cimarron desert, so often fatal to human 
life from its lack of water, is a fair example of the evil con- 
ditions which geologic evolution has imposed upon this 
country. 

As already observed, these desolate tracts present the 
hopeless side of the Western country and constitute in the 
aggregate the Great American Desert. The early geogra- 
phers were not wrong in placing such a desert on their maps, 
much as they have been ridiculed for doing so. Their error 
lay rather in its location and in their failure to note the 
many important exceptions. While it was then true, 
and will so remain until geologic and climatic changes shall 
have worked a revolution in this country, that west of the 
103rd meridian and east of the Sierra Nevadas there is not 
a point from which one can not find within a radius of a 
hundred miles true desert conditions; still the country was 


ROADS ACROSS THE PLAINS. 755 


not all of this character. There were the thousand valleys 
through which coursed perennial streams destined to make 
them rich with cultivated fields, and there were the moun- 
tains with their hidden treasures of wealth; while even the 
desert tracts yielded a scanty pasturage which in the aggre- 
gate sustained countless multitudes of grazing animals. 
These were very important exceptions to the rule of the 
desert, and their existence has confounded nearly all the 
early predictions concerning the future of this country. 

Having considered the general character of the country 
which the traveler had to pass through in crossing the 
“plains,” it remains to notice some of their more striking 
peculiarities which had a practical bearing upon these over- 
land journeys and upon the business for which they were 
undertaken. Except in the spring of the year the roads 
over the prairies were excellent, the fords practicable, and 
traveling a comparatively easy matter. Not so in the season 
of rains, when the roads were converted into quagmires, the 
streams were unfordable, and camping wretchedly uncom- 
fortable. In general the outgoing expeditions of spring en- 
countered great difficulties from high water both on the prai- 
ries and in the mountains; but on their return in the autumn 
these obstacles had mostly disappeared. The drawbacks of 
spring travel were in some degree compensated by the balmy 
and invigorating air of that season, while the better condi- 
tions that prevailed later in the season lost some of their 
advantage from the parched and dusty state of the country, 
which was hard both upon man and beast. 

The storms of the prairies, whether in summer or winter, 
were always characterized by great severity. The cyclonic 
character of the summer storms has become well known since 
the country has settled up. They were the same in the early 
days, and many are the records of demolished camps, stam- 
peded herds, drenched and damaged cargoes, when these ter- 
rific tempests have descended upon the solitary caravans of 
the plains. In winter the prairie blizzard was then and is 
now death to the wayfarer who is caught in it away from 


756 PRAIRIE FIRES. 


shelter. Consequently travelers rarely ventured across the 
plains in winter, and death has overtaken more than one 
rash adventurer who has wandered too far from a safe 
retreat. 

A common peril on the prairies after the spring rains had 
ceased and the grass had become dry was the prairie fire. 
How these could have been so frequent‘ as they seem to 
have been is a mystery. When the conditions were ripe for 
one of those fires — that is, when the growth of grass had 
been abundant, but had become dry, and when a brisk, dry 
wind was blowing, the phenomenon was one of marvelous 
beauty, if viewed from a point of safety, but of peril and 
terror when the beholder stood in its way. The speed of 
the fire over the prairies depended of course largely upon 
the wind and was therefore a very variable quantity; but 
that at times it exceeded that of the fleetest horse there is 
abundant evidence. Likewise the intensity of the fire varied 
greatly. When driven by a strong wind over areas of 
tall dry grass it was a veritable traveling furnace, and no 
matter how great its speed nor how quickly past, it was 
death to whatever it touched. In other instances, with a 
mild wind and short grass, the line of flame could anywhere 
be crossed with impunity. The spectacle of a strong prai- 
rie fire at night was one of the most magnificent that nature 
affords. The long sweeping line of fire stretching from 
one part of the horizon to the other, the lambent flames soar- 
ing high into the air, the flitting forms of animals driven 
suddenly from cover, and the reflection of the brilliant light 
in the clouds, composed a scene of truly terrible sublimity. 

The usual method of avoiding the danger of these fires 
was to start one in the immediate vicinity of the person or 
company in peril. This fire, at first small and harmless, 
would soon burn over an area large enough to form a safe 
asylum, and when the sweeping cohorts of flame came bear- 
ing down upon the apparently doomed company, the mighty 


*“ The prairies are on fire in every direction” is a frequent entry in 
the old Fort Pierre journals, 


THE MIRAGE. | 757 


line would part as if by pre-arrangement and pass harmless 
by on either side. 

Among the most singular, and at times the most distress-. 
ing, phenomena of the plains were the mirages. Although 
these were seen in nearly all parts of the West, it was in the 
southern plains that they were most prominent. To see them 
to the best advantage requires favorable conditions both 
physical and mental. Not alone must the plain, the atmos- 
phere, and the sun be right, but the effect will be greatly 
heightened if the mental state of the beholder has been suita- 
bly prepared for the phenomenon. To this end, suppose him 
to be journeying over one of those barren, even tracts which 
so extensively abound to the south of the Arkansas, and 
particularly in the Cimarron desert. The sun is almost un- 
endurable in its intensity; the ground is parched and dry; 
the grass withered and sparse; no tree or shrub relieves the 
landscape; no sign of water is visible anywhere; while the 
oppressive heat and the cravings of thirst tax his endurance 
to the utmost. In the midst of his sufferings comes a prom- 
ise of relief. Several miles ahead of him in a gentle depres- 
sion he distinctly sees a body of water ; it may be a river, but 
more probably a lake. Its surface gleams in the sun and 
here and there it is roughened by passing breezes. The 
shore line is distinct and is bordered with objects that look 
like trees. The sight inspires new life; the spirits rise; and 
the pace of the traveler is quickened with fresh energy. It is 
wasted effort on the part of more experienced companions 
to urge caution in trusting so implicitly to appearances. 
Confidently he pushes forward with his eyes fixed on the re- 
freshing sight before him. But as he nears it a change comes 
over the scene. The surface of the lake begins to show gaps 
and breaks that he has never noticed on any other lake. 
These gaps increase as he approaches; the water surface 
diminishes; it begins to have a trembling, shimmering 
appearance; it finally vanishes from sight; and when the 
traveler reaches the spot he is still surrounded by the same 
cheerless landscape over which he has already traveled so 


758 THE PLAINS NOT TRAPPING TERRITORY. 


far. With what tenfold power does his thirst now come 
back, enhanced by the bitter disappointment! The lesson of 
the mirages or “ false ponds” was hard to learn and it 
required many a chastening such as has been described to 
place one fully on his guard against it. 

The cause of the phenomenon of the mirage is not per- 
fectly understood, and has received a variety of explanations, 
some maintaining that it is due to refraction alone, others to 
reflection. Strange as it may seem, these false appearances, 
if we may trust the many accounts of observers, are some- 
times erect, at other times inverted. The necessary condi- 
tions of an effective mirage are a broad plain with an exten- 
sive horizon free from conspicuous undulations; a dry, hard 
ground which will reflect readily the rays of the sun; warm, 
dry and clear weather, so that the eye can easily scan the 
ground for several miles. Wislizenus holds that the true 
mirage always shows objects double, the lower erect by re- 
fraction through the stratum of air next to the ground, and 
the upper inverted by reflection against the surface of a 
different stratum some distance above. Whatever may be 
the true explanation the delusion is a perfect one, and its 
tantalizing effect upon the thirsty wayfarer was often more 
distressing than the thirst itself. 

The plains were not, strictly speaking, trapping territory, 
for the beaver and other fur-bearing animals dwelt mainly 
within the mountain regions. But they were the home of 
the buffalo and the buffalo was the life of the fur trade. The 
countless herds of these useful animals which overran the 
territory of the Far West, supplying the necessities of life to 
its nomadic population, were a product of the plains country, 
and but for this limitless expanse of grazing territory, their 
existence in such enormous multitudes would have been 
impossible. 


Cre Vik lil 
RIVERS AND LAKES. 


THE MISSOURI SYSTEM AND THE PLAINS RIVERS. 


Importance of streams to the trapper— The three great river sys- 
tems — Their historical associations — Their relation to the fur trade — 
The Missouri river —Its length —Its name — Mouth of the Marias — 
Mouth of the Yellowstone — The Yellowstone and its tributaries — Lo- 
cality of the Mandans — Locality of Fort Pierre— The Platte river — 
Mouth of the Kansas — Mouth of the Missouri — Physical characteris- 
tics of the Missouri— The Plains rivers — The Arkansas — The Cim- 
arron river — The Canadian river — The Red river — The Rio Grande. 


mie OUCH the mountain systems of any country are 

the primary factors in determining its topography, 
they are, from a practical point of view, of less importance 
in human affairs than are the streams of which they are gen- 
erally the source. Particularly true was this of the business 
of the fur trade. Except in the case of certain desert tracts, 
the mountains were the principal barriers to travel which 
the trapper had to cross in his ubiquitous wanderings. The 
valleys of the streams, on the other hand, were the universal 
routes of travel and the places of abode during his sojourn 
in the wilderness. Every thing that he required was to be 
found there. Along their banks were groves of cottonwood 
which furnished wood for fuel, temporary huts, trading 
posts and boats, and ample shelter both from the heat of 
summer and the cold of winter. He also found there the 
various animals of which he had need, and particularly the 
beaver, whose capture was the main object of his labors. In 
the larger valleys dwelt the Indian tribes with whom he 
traded so extensively. The great rivers furthermore afford- 


760 THE GREAT RIVER SYSTEMS. 


ed him his cheapest means of transporting his furs to market. 
Everything contributed to give the water courses of the 
country an importance which no other physical feature pos- 
sessed. This may account for the prominence given to the 
delineation of the streams upon the early maps, as may be 
seen by comparing them with modern railroad maps; and 
also for the fact that nearly all the streams, quite unlike the 
mountains, bore well-known names given by the trappers, 
most of which they retain to the present day. 

The water courses of the West which were of importance 
to the trapper belonged nearly all to three great systems — 
the Missouri, on the Atlantic slope, and the Colorado and 
Columbia on the Pacific. ‘There were besides a few streams 
in the southeast, such as the Arkansas and the Rio Grande, 
and also many on the Pacific coast; and there were the lakes 
and rivers of the Great Basin which do not flow into the 
ocean. Itisa noteworthy fact that within a distance of fifty 
miles from the Grand Teton, where our imaginary observer 
is stationed, lie the sources of the three river systems just 
referred to. To the northeast the Continental Divide sweeps 
in a full quarter circle from a little west of north to a little 
south of east, and just beyond it are the sources of the 
Three Forks of the Missouri, the Yellowstone, and the Wind 
and Bighorn rivers. About a hundred miles southeast, one 
of the tributaries of the Platte, a water of the Missouri, 
finds its source. Within the arc of the circle just described 
lie the sources of Snake river, the southern branch of the 
Columbia, while southeast in the direction of Fremont 
Peak, are the headwaters of Green river, the principal source 
of the Colorado. 

The areas drained by these three systems within the 
United States, nearly all of which were operated in by the 
fur companies, are approximately as follows: 


The Missouri system above Inde- 
pendence: co Uy aia enna eileen 490,000 square miles 
The:Golorado systenien wart ik eae 248,000 ies 


HISTORICAL COINCIDENCE. 76 I 


The Columbia system within the 


Lona alles clathrin  Ra 220,000 square miles 
The Arkansas and Canadian above 

URC ITGUTICE OUP merece ele. ois 146,000 sf » 
The Rio Grande above El Paso....... 42,000 5 if 
Mee Gleatemoci orm) 6 Se NS) 215,000 % is 


The Missouri river, being much longer than the Colorado 
and the Columbia, has a gentler slope and a slower current. 
As is well known, it is navigable nearly to its source. The 
rivers across the Divide, on the other hand, have a rapid 
fall, broken by frequent cascades, and flow for long distances 
through cafions of immense depth. They are not navigable 
with safety except in their lower courses. 

An interesting historical coincidence connected with these 
river systems relates to the territorial expansion of the 
United States. Upper Louisiana comprised the valley of 
the Missouri and its tributaries. A large part of the ces- 
sion from Mexico lay in the valley of the Colorado. Ore- 
gon comprised the watershed of the Columbia with limited 
territory besides. It is a pleasing reflection that these exten- 
sive regions, embracing conditions so various, and even civ- 
ilization so unlike, have fallen, in the process of time, under 
one government; and that, as these rivers find their sources 
among the same perennial snows, so the communities that 
dwell in their valleys look to a common fountain head for 
the blessings of national life. 

In the business of the fur trade the fields of operation of 
the several companies conformed in a broad sense to the 
natural divisions of the country based upon these drainage 
systems. The Missouri Fur Company and its successor, the 
American Fur Company, confined their business mainly to 
the watershed of the Missouri. The Rocky Mountain Fur 
Company had its center of operations in the valley of Green 
river, but its parties frequented also the headwaters of the 
Missouri and Columbia and the valley of Great Salt Lake. 
The British fur companies west of the mountains occupied 


762 THE MISSOURI SYSTEM. 


the watershed of the Columbia. The Santa Fe traders 
operated in the Arkansas and Rio Grande valleys. 

To the individual trapper the innumerable ramifications 
of these streams were a familiar field of labor. It was his 
duty to seek them out and explore them for beaver. In car- 
rying out this duty during two score ‘years it may be doubted 
if there was a rivulet in all the mountains, capable of sus- 
taining a beaver family, that he did not visit. He was 
acquainted with all the sources of all the rivers in the trans- 
Mississippi region, and many a stream which is unknown 
and unvisited today was a familiar haunt to him. 


THE MISSOURIVSYSTicM, 


Both in its physical characteristics and in its eventful his- 
tory, the Missouri river must be ranked as one of the most 
remarkable streams upon the globe. Its source is farther 
from the sea than that of any other, the distance from the 
head of Red Rock creek, the upper course of Jefferson Fork, 
to the Gulf of Mexico being 4,221 miles. Of this distance 
398 miles is above the mouth of the Jefferson, 2,547 miles is 
in the Missouri proper from Three Forks to the mouth, and 
1,276 miles is in the Mississippi. The total length of the 
Mississippi river is 2,553 miles, half of which is on each 
side of the mouth of the Missouri. It thus appears that the 
Missouri river 1s longer than the entire Mississippi and 
more than twice as long as that part of the latter stream 
above the junction of the two. This fact has led to the fre- 
quent observation that the name which applies to the lower 
course of the Mississippi ought to have followed the Mis- 
souri.? 

*From this very general view there is excellent reason to dissent. 
It is not clearly a logical rule that the name of a stream should follow 
the longest tributary. The size and importance of a river may be 
more rationally gauged by the volume of flow than by the length of 
channel. From this point of view the Ohio has the strongest claim 
to the name and the Missouri the weakest, for the latter stream dis- 


charges less water than either of the others. But there are other rea- 
sons why neither the length of the stream nor the volume of flow should 


—=_ 


4 
a 
{ 
{ 
, 
j 
, 


‘6 


THE NAME “ MISSOURI.” 763 


From the Three Forks the Missouri flows almost due 
north to the junction of a large stream from the west, the 
Marias river. In this distance it passes through the cele- 
brated “ Gates of the Mountains,” a stupendous cafion of 
vertical walls about eighty miles below the Forks. One 
hundred and fifty miles farther down it flows over a suc- 
cession of cataracts known as the Great Falls of the Mis- 


in this case control, and why the name as it actually applies is exactly 
right. The Mississippi river flows nearly south through its entire 
course; it is obviously the trunk stream and all others merely laterals. 
It divides the country into two great sections, the east and the west. 
On one side the streams come mainly from the Alleghenies, on the 
other side from the Rockies. The Mississippi is the great central water 
course which gathers up the drainage from both sides and conveys 
it to the sea. Political divisions are based upon it. For almost its 
entire length it is a boundary between states. The phrases “trans- 
Mississippi” and “beyond the Mississippi,’ so well established in our 
national literature, would have no meaning if either of the great tribu- 
taries carried the name. In fact the naming of this stream is one of 
those striking instances where the common sense of the multitude is 
better than the wisdom of the wise, for no doubt if the matter had 
been left to some learned geographer or society of savants the name 
would have been placed on the Missouri river to the perpetual incon- 
venience of future generations. 

The first known reference to this stream was by Marquette, who 
saw it in 1673. Upon a crude sketch which he made of the country 
through which he passed, the Missouri river appears under the name 
of Pekittanoui. In the region whence it was supposed to flow, were 
noted the names of several tribes of Indians and among them the 
Oumessourit tribe which lived nearest the mouth, though some dis- 
tance from it. From this tribe, at an early date, the river came to be 
known. The name passed through nearly every combination of its let- 
ters which the eccentricity of orthographers could devise, but had set- 
tled down to its present form before the close of the eighteenth century. 
The word seems indubitably to have meant, as applied to the Indian 
tribe, Living at the Mouth of the Waters. Their own name for their 
tribe was Ne-o-ta-cha (Say) and had the same signification. The 
most probable theory is that the word Missouri or Oumessourit was 
the equivalent or translation of this name by some other tribe or na- 
tion, probably the Illinois, from whom it passed to the French. There 
seems to be no foundation for the popular notion that the name is 
simply characteristic, and means Muddy Water. 


704 THE MOUTH OF THE MARIAS, 


souri, which extends for a distance of eight miles and 
includes four distinct cataracts and many rapids, the total 
fall in the whole distance being over 500 feet. The Lower 
or Great Fall is truly the Niagara of the West, and ranks 
among the world’s greatest cataracts; but owing to its 
remote situation it will probably never receive the homage 
from the lovers of nature that it deserves. On the other 
hand, if developments now in progress continue, the mighty 
power of these falls will yet be harnessed effectually into 
the service of man. 

About thirty-seven miles below the Great Falls, or two 
hundred and twenty-four miles below the Three Forks, is 
the head of navigation on the Missouri, distant 2,285 miles 
from the sea. Its elevation above sea level is 2,565 feet, 
nearly half a mile. From this point the river descends like 
an interminable winding staircase to the level of the sea, and 
with so gentle a slope that great boats can ascend it the entire 
distance. 

The locality at the mouth of the Marias river was a place 
of much importance in the fur trade. At this point the Mis- 
souri abandons its northerly course and turns completely to 
the eastward. This was the center of the Blackfoot territory 
and here was established the first successful trading post 
among those Indians, from which, after many changes. 
sprang the celebrated Fort Benton, perhaps the best known 
post upon the river. 

From the mouth of the Marias the general course of the 
river is eastward for several hundred miles, flowing within 
a hundred miles .of the British boundary all the way. On 
the north it receives the waters of Milk river and on the 
south those of the Muscleshell, the only two considerable 
tributaries above the Yellowstone and these important in 
length rather than volume of flow. 

At the distance of 786 miles below the Three Forks is the 
mouth of the Yellowstone river, the largest tributary of 
the Missouri. The confluence of these two streams was one 
of the most important situations in the West, not only during 


SURVIVING BASTION OF OLD FORT BENTON 


- 


ON ee 


THE YELLOWSTONE. 765 


the fur trade era, but through the entire period of frontier 
history. Commanding as it did the commerce of both 
streams at a time when all trade of that region followed the 
river valleys, it possessed an importance which in’ modern 
times it has completely lost. Here stood the greatest of the 
American Fur Company’s posts, Fort Union, where tran- 
spired many stormy events during the more than thirty years 
of its existence. It was in the country of the Assiniboine 
Indians, but many other tribes also made it their principal 
center of trade. 

The Yellowstone river is one of the most noted rivers on 
the continent. It is not only a great river, in itself worthy 
of high comparison, but it comes from a region which in 
recent times has acquired celebrity throughout the world as 
that singular place where nature seems to be still engaged in 
finishing the work of manufacturing a planet. The river 
comes mainly in its upper course from the Yellowstone 
National Park. It flows through the beautiful Yellowstone 
Lake, over the Great Falls, and through the Grand Cajon, 
and exhibits within a distance of fifty miles a combination 
of grandeur and beauty unparalleled upon any other river in 
the world. | 

From its source it flows north a hundred and fifty miles 
to the Great Bend of the Yellowstone, where it turns 
abruptly to the east. It then flows nearly due east for about 
a hundred miles, when it turns gradually to the north and 
finally flows northeast to its junction with the Missouri. It 
receives no tributaries worthy of mention from the north, but 
many important ones from the other side. Of these the 
principal one is the Bighorn river, which, in its upper course, 
bears the name of Wind river. 

The valley of this stream throughout its entire length was 
a popular one with the fur companies. It was the home of 
the Crow tribe of Indians, a splendid fur-bearing country, 
and was always much frequented by trappers. It drained 
the Absaroka mountains on the west through the Grey Bull 


766 LOCALITY OF THE MANDAN VILLAGES. 


and Stinkingwater ? rivers, and the Bighorn mountains on 
the east ; while its upper course gathered up the waters from 
the northern slopes of the Wind River mountains. The 
region at the mouth of the Bighorn was long the site of a 
trading post, which was moved here and there at different 
times to satisfy the whims of the Indians. 

Below the mouth of the Bighorn, the Rosebud and Tongue 
rivers bring down the waters from the northern slopes of the 
Bighorn mountains, and still farther down, the important: 
stream of Powder river comes in with the drainage of nearly 
the whole eastern slope of that range. The valley of the 
upper course of Powder river was a favorite wintering 
ground for the trappers on account of the abundance of 
game and pasturage to be found there. 

From the mouth of the Yellowstone the Missouri flows 
at first in a general eastern course, but trends gradually in 
a southerly direction until it arrives at the site of the old 
Mandan villages, where it turns completely to the south. In 
this distance of 255 miles the only tributary of any note is 
the Little Missouri, a long but unimportant stream from the 
south which rises west of the Black Hills in Wyoming. 

The locality of the old Mandan villages has been known 
to white men for one hundred and sixty years, and has ever 
since been an important situation. Hither came De la Ver- 
endrye in the years about 1740 on his uncertain course to- 
ward the Western Ocean. The location is near the British 
line and was easily reached from the Red river settlements— 
a fact which gave it great importance in those times when 
British influence was a formidable menace upon our border. 
It was at this point that Lewis and Clark passed the winter 
of 1804 and 1805. Trading posts were established here at 
an early date and continued until they were superseded by 
the military posts and Indian agencies of later times. 

From the site of the Mandan villages the Missouri pur- 
sues a southerly course, with a slight trend to the east, to the 


* By recent enactment the Legislature of Wyoming has changed the 
name of this river to Shoshone. 


LOCALITY OF FORT PIERRE. 707 


site of old Fort Pierre and the modern city of Pierre, the 
capital of South Dakota. In this distance of nearly three 
hundred and fifty miles no tributaries of moment come in 
from the east. On the west there are several streams of 
great length but little volume, of which the principal ones 
are the Heart, Cannon Ball, Grand, Moreau, and Cheyenne 
rivers, the last being the largest and most important. The 
two forks of the Cheyenne, which unite in the main river 
just east of the Black Hills, completely encircle that mass 
of mountains. Their junction was an important trading 
center for the Indian bands in that vicinity. 

With the possible exception of the site of Fort Union 
the position of Fort Pierre was the most important upon 
the upper river. It was in the heart of the Sioux country 
and controlled the trade of the numerous bands of Indians 
belonging to that tribe. It was at an angle in the course of 
the stream where its direction changed from south to south- 
east and was nearer than any other point on the river to old 
Fort Laramie on the Platte. It therefore commanded all 
of the trade of the Black Hills and much of that from the 
upper Platte valley. 

The course of the Missouri below Fort Pierre is south- 
east to the mouth of the Niobrara, thence due east nearly to 
the mouth of the Big Sioux river, and thence slightly east of 
south to the mouth of the Platte. Of the tributary waters 
received in this distance, the Teton, White, and Niobrara on 
the west are the most important. The Teton came in near 
the site of Fort Pierre and trading posts belonging to one 
company or another stood near its mouth during the entire 
period of the fur trade. The river was familiarly known 
down to 1830 as the Little Missouri. After that period it 
was long known as the Teton; but now the name Bad river 
seems to have become a fixture. 

White river flowed through the desolate Bad Lands of 
South Dakota and its valley was the route of travel between 
Pierre and Laramie. 

The Niobrara rises far west at the southern base of the 


708 MOUTH OF THE PLATTE. 


Black Hills and enters the Missouri at the northeast corner 
of the modern state of Nebraska. It is, in its lower course, 
a strong swift stream, and was always known, until recent 
years, by its French name, L’Eau qu Court, or simply as 
the Qui Court.2 This stream, like those just mentioned, had 
trading posts upon its borders. 

On the east shore the most considerable cabutaties are 
the James * or Dakota river, the Vermilion, and the Big 
Sioux. The James is a very lengthy stream which flows 
from north to south across both Dakotas, but carries a com- 
paratively small volume of water. In its valley an extensive 
trade was carried on in fur trading times. 

At the mouth of the Vermilion stood a considerable trad- 
ing post and on the Big Sioux there was another though less 
important one. 

The neighborhood of the mouth of the Platte river early 
acquired and has always held great prominence as a com- 
mercial center. Many trading establishments and two or 
three military posts have been built here and now two flour- 
ishing cities with numerous smaller towns have taken their 
place. The situations of these several establishments were a 
little above the mouth of the Platte, but it was undoubtedly 
the junction of that stream with the Missouri which con- 
trolled their location. The local trade here was principally 
with the Omahas, Iowas, Otoes, and Pawnees, in addition to 
which there was an extensive outfitting trade for expeditions 
to Oregon and the Far West. 

The mouth of the Platte river was, in these early days, the 
division point between the upper and lower Missouri. So 
important a landmark was it then considered that the voy- 

*The translation of this name, Running Water, is still retained 
on the upper course of the Niobrara, but curiously enough, where the 
river is a sluggish stream and has none of the characteristics that gave 
rise to the name. 

* James river, or “ The Jim” as it is more commonly called, or again, 
the Dakota, was always known to the traders as the Riviére a Jacques, 


often written Au Jacques, and even O Jacques. The name was given 
for one of the earliest traders who frequented the valley. 


¢ 


THE NAME “ PLATTE.” 769 


agwers Lame ti treat it as the Equator of the Missouri, and 
it was a regulay thing to subject the uninitiated to the rude 
jokes which are familiar to the navigator upon the high seas 
as an incident of crossing the “ line.” 

Of all the tributaries of the Missouri the Platte® is the 
most remarkable and interesting, and is surpassed in size, 
though not in length, by the Yellowstone alone. The ex- 
treme length of the Platte is about a thousand miles. Its 
two branches, the North and South, rise respectively in 
North and South Parks of the state of Colorado. The 
North Fork flows nearly north into central Wyoming, where 
it turns to the east by a gradual curve, passing through a 
sublime and beautiful cafion of red sandstone, when, gently 
turning to the right, it takes a southeasterly course into the 
state of Nebraska. The South Fork descends abruptly from 
the mountains in an easterly direction and then flows north 
for a considerable distance along their eastern base, past the 
site of the city of Denver, after which it turns to the north- 
east and joins the larger fork at the site of the modern town 
of North Platte in Nebraska. Thence the united streams 
pursue an easterly course to the Missouri river. 

The principal tributaries of the North Fork are the Sweet- 
water and the Laramie rivers. The Sweetwater joins the 
main river where the latter makes its great bend to the east. 
It is a very notable stream in that its course was followed by 
the old Oregon Trail from Independence Rock near its 
mouth to South Pass at its source. The Laramie was an 
important stream in the fur trade era, for near its mouth 


*The name Platte is characteristic and arises from the extremely 
shallow character of the stream. Its use dates from 1739. In that year 
two brothers, Mallet, with six companions, undertook to reach Santa 
Fe from a point on the Missouri somewhere near the present site of 
Sioux City. They left the river on the 209th of May and arrived 
at the Platte June 2. (“Le 2 Juin ils tombérent sur une riviére qu’ils 
nommerent la Riviere Plate.’ De Margry.) The party ascended the 
main stream and the South Fork to the mountains and reached Santa 
Fe on the 22nd of July. 

° For origin of these two names, see Part II., Chapter XXVI. 


770 DESCRIPTION OF THE PLATTE. 


were the trading establishments of Fort John and Fort 
Platte, which were later succeeded by Fort Laramie, the 
most famous military post on the frontier. 

The South Fork of the Platte recetved many tributaries 
from the mountains, among them the Big Thompson, the St. 
Vrain, and the Cache a la Poudre. ‘The locality of the 
mouths of these streams was likewise important in fur trade 
history, there having been no fewer than three trading posts 
established there. 

The Platte proper is one of the most extraordinary of 
rivers. Its fall is very rapid, and its bed being composed 
of fine sand, one would expect that the rapid current would 
erode a deep channel through it. No such result, however. 
The broad bed of the river stands almost on a level with the 
surrounding country, while the water flows back and forth 
in such sinuous and irregular courses as to increase in a 
marked degree the length of the channel. The sand 
washed up in one place is dropped in another and the bed is 
built up as fast as it is cut down. ‘Thus it results that so 
unresisting a material as fine sand withstands the action of 
the current better than a harder material, for it is certain that 
if this river with its heavy fall were flowing over solid rock 
it would have carved out a deep and cafion-like bed. 

To see the Platte in all its glory one must see it during the 
spring floods. Then it spreads over its entire bed, upwards 
of a mile wide, and rivals the Mississippi itself in preten- 
tiousness of appearance. But one has only to look a little 
closely to see through the thin veneer of this imposing 
appearance, and to discover, instead of a deep and powerful 
volume of water, sand bars innumerable, which show their 
glossy backs above the water and disclose the deceptive char- 
acter of the stream. Irving very aptly characterized the 
Platte as “the most magnificent and the most useless of 
rivers,” and a modern satirist has described it as a river “a 
thousand miles long and six inches deep.” 

The navigation of such a stream was of course largely out 
of the question. Bullboats, or flatboats made of buffalo 


THE MOUTH OF THE KANSAS. yagi 


hide, have descended from above Fort Laramie, but where 
one such attempt has succeeded, probably ten have failed. 
From the mouth of the Loup Fork of the Platte near where 
the Pawnee villages were located boats did frequently 
descend the short distance to the Missouri with the trade of 
those Indians. 

Despite its uselessness as a stream the Platte has won a 
permanent place in the history of the West. If boats could 
not navigate its channel, the “ prairie schooner ”’ could sail 
along its valley, where lay the most practicable route across 
the plains. It led the overland traveler by gradual and im- 
perceptible ascents from near the level of the ocean to the 
very summit of the Continental Divide. Along it lay the 
old Oregon Trail, most famous of the overland highways, 
and along the main river in modern times was built the first 
transcontinental railroad.‘ 

From the mouth of the Platte river the Missouri continues 
its course slightly east of south to the mouth of the Kansas 
river, the site of the modern Kansas City. This is the sev- 
enth important locality on the course of the stream at which 
it is worth while to pause. The river here turns abruptly 
to the east, and holds its course for nearly four hundred 
miles to its junction with the Mississippi. At this impor- 
tant bend travelers to Santa Fe or the mountains left the 
river. It was the eastern terminus of the Oregon and Santa 
Fe Trails and became the principal outfitting point for the 
entire West. Near by stood the military post of Fort Leav- 
enworth, while the small towns of Independence and West- 
port became the progenitors of the modern Kansas City. 

The Kansas, or Kaw, river, which joins the Missouri from 
the west at Kansas City, is a large and important tributary. 
It rises in eastern Colorado and flows eastward through the 
entire state of Kansas. Its two tributaries are the Repub- 


“However useless the river Platte may seem to have been in its 
earlier history, it has been utilized to a remarkable degree in later 
times for irrigation, and it is not improbable that in the course of time 
its entire flow will be drawn out upon the neighboring lands. 


7/2 PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS OF THE MISSOURI, 


lican and Smoky Hill rivers, of which the first flows for a 
considerable distance through southern Nebraska. In the 
valley of the Kansas river dwelt a tribe of Indians of the 
same name, for whose accommodation a trading post was 
long maintained about ten miles above the mouth. 

Between Kansas City and the mouth of the Missouri there 
are several tributaries, but only one of any importance in 
the present connection. This is the Osage river, which comes 
in from the southwest a little below the present site of Jeffer- 
son City, Mo., and along the valley of which dwelt the pow- 
erful tribe of the Osage Indians. Lieutenant Pike ascended 
this stream on his famous Southwestern expedition in 1806. 

The eighth and last important locality on the course of 
the Missouri is that near the mouth of the stream. Here 
was the city of St. Louis, the principal fur trading mart in 
the United States and the base of operations for the entire 
Western country. Its history and its relation to the fur 
trade have been fully noted in another place. 

The physical characteristics of the Missouri river over the 
navigable portion of its length are the same as those of the 
lower Mississippi. For nearly the whole distance below 
Fort Benton it flows through a valley built up from alluvial 
deposits, with nothing like a hard or rocky bed to hold it in 
place. The fall is rapid, the current swift, and the soft 
banks are therefore always undergoing erosion. The shore- 
line here recedes and there advances as the earth which falls 
into the stream in one place is dropped in extensive bars in 
another. At certain seasons this action is rapid and destruc- 
tive and hundreds of acres in a single locality are frequently 
washed away in the course of a few days. 

The river naturally develops a succession of bends which 
are often very pronounced. In many instances the opposite - 
portions of these bends approach very close to each other, so 
that while the river distance around may be several miles, 
the distance across may be only a few hundred feet. In time 
this narrow neck is cut through, a large body of land is trans- 
ferred to the other shore, and the old bend becomes another 


REFRACTORY BEHAVIOR. TH 


of those crescent shaped lakes which abound throughout the 
valley. Thus the channel of the river is ever migrating from 
one side of the valley to the other, changing its length, read- 
justing its slopes, destroying extensive and fertile bottoms, 
building up new land, and giving rise to never-ending dis- 
putes in the ownership and jurisdiction of property. In 
recent years the government has undertaken to harness this 
refractory stream, for now that farms and cities line its 
course, these destructive raids are becoming an evil that has 
to be attended to. ‘The problem, however, is one not easy 
to solve and it will be generations yet before the river is 
imprisoned within fixed limits. 

A river whose bed is composed of sand or alluvium can 
not have a clear current. That of the Missouri always has 
a muddy appearance and in seasons of high water the 
amount of sediment which it carries is very great. The 
current has no uniform or regular flow, but is everywhere 
whirling and boiling in ceaseless internal commotion. The 
bottom has no stability. It is a mass of moving sand drifts 
which are building here and washing away there and shifting 
their position continually. The navigator can never tell 
where the channel will be twenty-four hours ahead. The 
constant cutting of banks fills the bed of the river with fallen 
trees which are drawn along by the powerful current until 
they become anchored in the bottom, forming the most dan- 
gerous obstacles to navigation. These obstacles are called 
snags and sawyers, or sometimes “ breaks,” from the appear- 
ance which they produce where they lie a little beneath the 
surface. They come almost entirely from cottonwood trees. 

The newly formed lands along the river bottoms are gen- 
erally covered with willows which often attain considerable 
size. Their growth is of astonishing rapidity, and scarcely 
is a new sand bar formed and uncovered by the water, when 
the thick, tender crop is seen shooting vigorously upward. 
As these willows are extensively used in regulating works 
on the river, it seems as if nature, in giving this stream its 


hist THE PLAINS RIVERS. 


wild and unruly character, has provided the means ready at 
hand by which it may be placed under control. 

Of all the Western rivers the Missouri was by far the most 
important to the trader. It would be impossible to estimate 
the great amount of business that has been transacted upon 
it, or the strange and unusual adventures it has witnessed. 
Its navigation is a science by itself. As a business it has 
now wholly passed away, but its record will survive as one 
of the most important chapters in the history of the West. 


PLAINS RIVERS. 


Under this title will be briefly described two characteristic 
streams of the arid region of the Southwest: the Arkansas 
and its tributaries and the Rio Grande. The Red river lies 
between them, but it plays very little part in the operations 
of the fur trade. 

The most striking characteristics of the plains streams are 
their great length and comparatively small drainage area. 
The Canadian branch of the Arkansas, for example, through 
the five hundred miles of its course has a watershed which 
averages scarcely fifty miles wide. The same is true of the 
North Canadian and the Cimarron. Even in a humid cli- 
mate these streams would be small in comparison to their 
length. In a region where rain rarely falls, most of them 
are totally dry for considerable distances and long periods. 
The water which flows from the mountains is not sufficient 
to overcome the seepage and evaporation on the plains in 
the dry season and even the main Arkansas is a very small 
stream in its course through western Kansas and eastern 
Colorado. 

The Arkansas is the best type of the plains streams as well 
as the most important in this section of the country. It was 
often spoken of in early times as the “‘ River of the Plains.” 
Only that portion which lies above the mouth of the Canadi- 
an is of interest in connection with the fur trade. Below this. 
point the river enters the humid belt and takes its charac- 
ter almost entirely from the local drainage. In fact if the 


THE ARKANSAS RIVER. 7795 


upper two-thirds of its course were wiped out of existence, 
the difference could scarcely be noted at the mouth of the 
stream. 

The sources of the Arkansas are in the Rocky mountains 
to the westward of Pike’s Peak. This part of its course is 
full of magnificent scenery, most of which is now accessible 
by means of the Colorado railroads. 

The Arkansas river bore the unique distinction among 
Western streams of being an international boundary. Prior 
to the war with Mexico it was the frontier between the 
United States and that country from the rooth meridian to 
its source. This fact gave it an artificial importance which 
it in no way possessed as a natural water course. 

For about one hundred miles west from the Great Bend of 
the Arkansas, the main line of the old Santa Fe Trail fol- 
lowed the north bank of the river, while a branch of the Trail 
followed it to the foot of the mountains. The upper course 
of the Arkansas was a great resort for traders and trappers 
and here arose the well-known Bent’s fort which held com- 
mercial sway for many years over the surrounding country. 

The Cimarron river is important as being on the line 
of the Santa Fe Trail, which followed its course for nearly 
ninety miles. It was generally dry, but there were two or 
three permanent springs which came to be well known, and 
marked the stages of the journey as effectively as do the 
oases of an eastern desert. The country bordering the valley 


- was of a desert character and was infested with bands of hos- 


tile Indians. It was the scene of much suffering and fre- 
quent loss of life during the Santa Fe trade. 

The Canadian rises in the mountains northeast of Santa 
Fe and is here a strong, full stream, but it quickly loses this 
character when it gets well away from the hills. In its upper 
course it flows for a long distance through a reddish soil 
which imparts its color to the water. This circumstance, 
coupled with the general trend of the valley and its corre- 
spondence with what was known of the Red river of the 
Natchitoches, led to a mistaken identity of the two streams. 


770 THE CANADIAN RIVER. 


Down to the year 1820 the Canadian was always supposed to 
be the upper course of Red river. Under this assumption 
Major Long in that year descended the former stream on 
his intended exploration of the sources of the latter. It 
was not until he had reached the lower valley of the 
Canadian that he discovered the error under which geogra- 
ers, travelers, and the local Spanish authorities had hith- 
erto labored — an error which had become the more firmly 
fixed in geography from having the sanction of that em1- 
nent authority on New Spain, the Baron von Humboldt. 

The Red river lies south of the Canadian and empties into 
the Mississippi in latitude 31°, being the most southern of 
the great western tributaries of that stream. Its sources 
do not extend beyond the boundaries of Texas. The name 
Red, or its Spanish equivalent, was applied in these early 
days to a great number of streams, and it was only by add- 
ing some qualifying descriptive that the particular river 
meant could be understood. Thus the Red river here con- 
sidered was then known as the Red river of the Natchito- 
ches. As geographical nomenclature has become more 
established other names have been given to most of these 
streams, and the name Red river, as applied in this section 
of the country, is now restricted to the great southern 
tributary of the Mississippi. 

The Rio Grande below El Paso forms the boundary be- 
tween Mexico and the United States. This part of the 
river, which was formerly more commonly known as the 
Rio Bravo, lies entirely outside the field of the American 
fur trade. Above El Paso the river came almost directly 
from the north and was called the Rio Grande del Norte. 

The Rio Grande was a typical plains river —a_ bold, 
dashing stream where it descended from the mountains, but 
utterly insignificant in its lower course except in seasons 
of flood. In ordinary times it could not so much as float 
a canoe, for in parts of its course it flowed almost entirely 
underground, and today it is incapable of furnishing the 


THE RIO GRANDE. ere 


water required for the irrigation of the neighboring 
country. 

The valley of the Rio Grande above Santa Fe is one of 
great beauty, particularly in those localities where it ex- 
pands into open prairies like the San Luis Valley. In its 
upper course it was a great resort for the trapper and it 
was from this section that the ancient overland trail started 
for southern California. 

The chief importance of the Rio Grande valley lay in its 
connection with the Santa Fe trade, which was so long 
maintained between the frontier settlements of the United 
States and Mexico. It was here that were located the 
historic villages of Santa Fe and Taos — one the capital 
and chief town of northern Mexico, and the other its north- 
ernmost settlement. 


CHAPTER IV, 


RIVERS AND LAKES. 


THE COLORADO AND COLUMBIA SYSTEMS 
AND 
THE GREAT BASIN. 


The Colorado of the West —Its cafions — Its name — Green river — 
Its tributaries — Grand river— The lower Colorado — Snake river — 
Its source — Physical characteristics — Lower course — Tributaries — 
The upper Columbia — Historical importance of the Columbia — The 
name “Oregon’’— The Great Basin—Great Salt Lake—lIts tribu- 
taries —Its history — Sevier Lake— Humboldt river and lake — Oth- 
er features of the Great Basin — Political boundaries. 


THE COLORADO SYSTEM. 


HE Colorado with its tributaries forms one of the most 
remarkable river systems on the globe — remarkable 

in its magnificent mountain sources, in its cafions of un- 
surpassed and unapproachable grandeur, and in the strange 
and forbidding country through which it flows, carrying 
the chill waters of a northern clime to the burning shores of 
a tropical sea. It is preéminently a system of cafion 
rivers. No other known stream can approach it in this 
regard. From the point where Green river enters the 
Flaming Gorge at the southern boundary of Wyoming to 
the lower end of the Grand Cafion of the Colorado, a 
distance of upwards of a thousand miles, ninety per cent 
at least of the channel length lies in the bottom of cafions 
whose walls vary in height from a few hundred to several 
thousand feet. In some places the walls recede in succes- 
sive terraces, in others they are nearly vertical, while the 
swift river follows its devious course at almost unfathom- 
able distance below, hidden from view, and practically shut 


THE COLORADO OF THE WEST. 779 


out from the light of day. All the tributaries of this 
stream likewise flow through cafions, whose majesty and 
beauty are excelled only by those of the main stream itself.? 

Of the tributaries of the Colorado, the Green river, which 
is really the main stream, is the largest. Coming down to 
the west from the Wind River mountains, where it is fed by 
lakes of Alpine magnitude and splendor, it turns nearly due 
south and holds this direction until it crosses the southern 
boundary of Wyoming. The upper course of Green river 
was a great place of rendezvous for the traders and trap- 


* The earliest use of the name Colorado, as applied to this river, has 
not come to the author’s notice. It is of course very ancient as 
American history goes, and only an intimate acquaintance with early 
Spanish manuscripts of the northern provinces of New Spain could 
settle the question. For a time the name applied to the whole river, but 
now only to that portion below the junction of the Green and Grand. 
That part of the stream now called the Green river was very com- 
monly known, down to 1840, as the Seeds-kee-dee, or prairie hen river. 
It generally so appears in the literature and correspondence of the 
times. The name Green river began to come into general use about 
1833, although it dates back as far as 1824. Its origin is uncertain. 
Bancroft says it was given for one of Ashley’s men, but it certainly 
was in use before Ashley was in the country, for William Becknell 
has left a narrative of a trip that he made from Santa Fe to Green 
river in 1824, and the name was evidently a fixture at that time among 
the Spanish. Fremont says that it was the “Rio Verde of the 
Spaniards” and adds that “the refreshing appearance of the broad 
river, with its timbered shores and green wooded islands, in contrast 
to its dry sandy plains, probably obtained for it the name of Green 
river.” This does not seem unreasonable, although some who are well 
acquainted with the characteristics of the river are more inclined to 
attribute the name to the appearance of the water, which is a very 
pronounced green, than to the foliage of the valley, which is in no 
marked degree different from that along other streams in this locality. 

At the time that Ashley and his men entered the valley of Green river 
in 1824 it was supposed to flow into the Gulf of Mexico. Various hints 
in the correspondence of the times show this to be the case, and it is 
averred even that General Ashley thought so when he started to de- 
scend the river in a canoe in 1825. It is certain, however, that the As- 
torians understood the identity of the stream in 1811-12 for they called 
it the “Colorado or Spanish” river. (See Missouri Gazette, May 15, 
1813.) 


780 GREEN RIVER. 


pers. Here Bonneville built his “Fort Nonsense” and 
here the Rocky Mountain and American Fur Companies 
assembled annually for many years to transact the busi- 
ness of the mountains. All of the tributary streams, and 
there were hundreds of them, abounded in beaver, the val- 
~ leys were frequented by buffalo, and all the conditions 
were present to make it a veritable paradise for the fur 
trader. 

In its course through western Wyoming Green river re- 
ceives many important tributaries, nearly all of which still 
retain the names given them by the parties of General Ash- 
ley between 1824 and 1830. On the east the two largest 
are the New Fork and the Big Sandy, both of which rise 
in the Wind River mountains. New Fork drains a large 
section of the mountains and is a fine, bold stream. The 
origin of its name is uncertain. The Big Sandy, so called 
from the character of the country in its lower course, was 
on the line of the Oregon Trail for part of its length, and 
one of its branches flowed out of South Pass. 

On the west there are twelve considerable tributaries 
from the state of Wyoming. Horse creek, near the upper 
end of the valley, where so many annual rendezvous were 
held, received its name from the circumstance that Thomas 
Fitzpatrick was robbed of his horses there by the Crow 
Indians in 1824. La Barge creek was named for the father 
of Captain Joseph La Barge, the well-known Missouri river 
pilot and boat owner. Fontenelle creek was named for 
Lucien Fontenelle, who was later a leader of the mountain 
expeditions of the American Fur Company. Black Fork, 
a large mountain stream, and its tributary, Ham’s Fork, 
were well known to the trappers. Both names date from 
Ashley’s time, but it is uncertain for whom they were given. 
Henry Fork is believed to be named for Andrew Henry, 
whose name the north fork of Snake river also bears. 

Soon after Green river crosses the southern boundary of 
Wyoming it turns abruptly to the east and flows in that 
direction for about sixty miles into the northwest corner of 


TRIBUTARIES OF GREEN RIVER. Ghat 


Colorado. Along the lower portion of this course was 
situated the valley of Brown’s Hole. After leaving this 
beautiful valley the river turns abruptly to the southwest, 
rounding the Uintah range, and then pursues its course 
for several hundred miles, trending more and more to the 
south, until it is joined by the Grand river, the two together 
forming the Colorado. 

The course of Green river over this distance is through 
a succession of cafions, and only in a few places does it 
come out into open country where an easy approach may 
be had to its banks. The most important of these open- 
ings is where the Denver and Rio Grande railroad now 
crosses, and where the old Spanish trail from Abiquiu, 
New Mexico, to Los Angeles, California, crossed in the 
early part of the century. 

The largest tributaries from the east along this stretch of 
tiewtiver are ine, Yampah or, Bear and the White, river 
which drain a large section of northwestern Colorado. 
The headwaters of these streams were good trapping terri- 
tory and on an upper tributary of the Yampah the trader 
Henry Fraeb once had a post. 

On the west the Uintah river is considerably the 
largest tributary between Henry Fork and the mouth of the 
Grand. It drains the southern slopes of the Uintah moun- 
tains and was a splendid trapping country. For many 
years the trader Robidoux maintained a post on its banks. 
Price river valley has been utilized in modern times to carry 
the railroad up the slopes of the Wasatch range. San Ra- 
fael river, which also rises in the Wasatch mountains, is the 
last considerable tributary of Green river. 

Grand river, the great eastern tributary of the Colorado 
of the West, lies almost entirely in the state of Colorado, 
and drains fully one-quarter of the mountain area of the 
state. The main stream rises in Middle Park, Colorado, 
between the sources of the North and South Platte. It 
flows through a series of magnificent cafions, and several 
open valleys, which were once barren, but are now convert- 


782 THE LOWER COLORADO. 


ed by modern enterprise into prosperous fruit farms. The 
principal tributary of Grand river is the Gunnison, which 
comes in from the south and joins the main stream a few 
miles east of the Colorado-Utah line? It is a large and 
important stream, and its valley abounds in sublime and 
beautiful scenery. 

The watershed of the Grand river was all good trapping 
territory, although not so much frequented by the traders 
as were the streams farther north. Only one post seems 
to have existed in the entire valley and that was Robidoux’s 
post on the Gunnison, at the mouth of the Uncompahgre, its 
principal southern tributary. 

The Colorado river proper below the confluence of the 
Green and Grand has but little connection with the history 
of the fur trade. The physical character of the country 
precluded access to the river for the greater part of its 
length until it emerged from the Grand Cafion near the 
mouth of the Virgin river. By that time it was in a lati- 
tude where the trapping business was no longer profitable. 
Most of its tributaries, likewise, along this stretch of the 
river, were shut in between the walls of deep cafions and, 
like the main stream, were inaccessible. However interest- 
ing and attractive this region may now be to lovers of nat- 
ural scenery, it was not so to the people of the fur trade, 
and was but little frequented by them. 

The only tributary of the Colorado from the west that 
will here be referred to is the Virgin river, which drains a 
large section of southern Utah and enters the main stream 
near the point where it turns to the south after its west- 
wardly course through the Grand Cafion. In 1826 Jede- 


7 As late as the era of the Pacific railroad surveys, the name Grand 
river was used to describe the southern branch, now called the Gunni- 
son. After Captain Gunnison’s exploration of the valley of the latter 
stream and his tragic death in 1853 his name was given to the tributary, 
while the name Grand became permanently fixed on the main stream. 
The latter was, prior to this time, called Blue river, but this name is now 
applied to the stream which drains the valley comprised in the modern 
Summit County of Colorado. 


(, 


is 


THE COLUMBIA SYSTEM. 783 


diah S. Smith named it Adams river for the President. 
Its present name would seem to be of Spanish origin, al- 
though there is a suggestion of a possible origin in the 
fact that the name of one of Smith’s men, who passed along 
the stream and was later killed in California, was Thomas 
Virgin. 

Of the eastern tributaries the Rio San Juan, the Little 
Colorado, and the Gila are most important. The latter 
stream, which enters the Colorado at the southern bound- 
ary of the United States, has an extensive watershed includ- 
ing all of southern Arizona and southwestern New Mex- 
ico. It was too far south to be of any importance in the 
fur trade. 


THE COLUMBIA SYSTEM. 


The sources of the Snake, the south fork of the Columbia, 
are inextricably interlaced with those of the Missouri, Yel- 
lowstone, and Green rivers. The principal branch comes 
from the Yellowstone Park, where it drains Shoshone, 
Lewis and Heart lakes, which lie just across the Divide 
from Yellowstone Lake. Flowing south from the Park, 
it skirts the eastern base of the Teton range, passing through 
Jackson Lake and Jackson Hole, and finally, after rounding 
the southern extremity of the range in a deep and rugged 
cafion, it turns off to the northwest. In its course of fifty 
miles along the base of the Tetons it receives great accessions 
from the east, the principal tributaries being Buffalo Fork, 
Grosventre and Hoback rivers. Just at the point where it 
crosses the state line between Wyoming and Utah it receives 
two more large tributaries from the south, the Salt and John 
Day rivers.® 


*It is unfortunate that modern geography has made a mistake in 
perpetuating the name of this stream. It should be John Gray. There 
was a John Gray in the Hudson Bay Company service under Alexander 
Ross, and a person by the same name, but whether the same individual 
or not is uncertain, in the American Fur Company’s service between 
1830 and 1835. Both John Grays (if different individuals) were dis- 
tinguished hunters, and from one of them came the name Gray’s Hole 


784 THE SNAKE RIVER. 


= 


The Snake follows its course to the northwest for upward 
of a hundred miles, when it is joined by a tributary of almost 
equal magnitude from the north. This is Henry Fork of 
Snake river, which rises in Henry Lake, just across the 
Divide from Red Rock Lake, the source of Jefferson Fork 
of the Missouri. Before it reaches the main Snake it is 
augmented by an important tributary from the southeast, 
the Teton or Pierre river, which drains the valley of Pierre’s 
Hole, at the western base of the Teton range. © 

From the junction of the two branches of the Snake, the 
main stream flows at first directly south. It has now 
acquired those peculiar qualities which give it a distinct 
character among the streams of the West. Starting from 
the same elevation as does the Missouri, and reaching the 
sea in half the distance, it is much more rapid and torren- 
tial than the eastern stream. It flows with a strong current 
almost from the start, and its dark, gloomy waters, moving 
here in silent but dreadful power, there in loud and violent 
impetuosity, breathe danger and treachery at every step. 
Many indeed have been the lives lost in its uncertain cross- 
ings. For a great distance in southern Idaho it flows 
through ancient lava fields in a narrow gorge of varying 
depth, and over a _ constant succession of rapids 
and» cascades. .In many ‘places. not even the musual 
trees line the water’s edge, and a traveler two hundred yards 
away would never suspect the presence of a great river, for 
the narrow cleft in the even plain is quite indiscernible unless 
from some neighboring elevation. Through portions of this 
gorge the river has wrought a most weird and fantastic 
channel, with winding and broken shoreline and rocky islets, 
all black and dismal like the aspect of the surrounding coun- 
try. Once in a while it comes forth from its lava prison, 
and, as if for joy at its temporary release, disports itself 
over miles of country, in many separate channels, lined with 
dense groves of willow and cottonwood. Its harsher char- 


as applied to a valley on the stream which is now called John Day. 
The hunter who bore the latter name was never near this stream. 


TRIBUTARIES OF SNAKE RIVER. 785 


acteristics become accentuated as the river approaches the 
Blue mountains. It is all the way an unnavigable stream, 
and only at rare intervals has it been possible to establish 
safe ferries. 

From the junction with Henry Fork to the mouth of the 
Salmon river, the course of the Snake is approximately that 
of a great semi-circle, extending southwest, west, and 
around to the north. It flows over three immense cataracts, 
the American, Shoshone, and Salmon Falls, and receives 
many large tributaries on either hand. Of these the more 
important only will be noted. The Portneuf river, so 
named for a Canadian trapper murdered on its banks by 
the Indians, comes in from the southeast about fifteen miles 
above the American Falls. It was an important stream in 
‘early years, for it led almost directly from the great bend of 
Bear river, whence the Oregon Trail passed over to the val- 
ley of the Snake. The modern railroad also follows the 
valley of the Portneuf. The mouth of this stream was the 
locality of the well-known Fort Hall, the most important 
trading post, and later the chief military post, of the Snake 
river valley. 

The other tributaries on the left bank of the Snake are 
the Raft river, Goose creek, Salmon Falls river, and Owyhee 
river, which all flow nearly north. The Owyhee is a large 
stream, and rises as far south as northern Nevada. The 
Malheur, Powder, and Grande Ronde rivers collect the 
drainage from the eastern slopes of the Blue mountains, 
Nearly all of these streams were familiar to travelers along 
the old Oregon Trail. 

On the right bank of the Snake only one important tribu- 
tary, the Malade, is received until the river enters upon its 
long northerly course where it now forms the boundary 
between Idaho and Oregon. Exactly at the point where 
this natural boundary begins, and opposite the mouth of the 
Owyhee, the Boise river joins the Snake. This was an 
important stream. Its course was nearly due west, and the 
Oregon Trail followed it all the way from the modern site 


786 THE SALMON AND CLEARWATER RIVERS. 


of Boise City to its mouth. A few miles below the conflu- 
ence of the Snake and the Boise stood a Hudson Bay Com- 
pany post, and at this point the Oregon Trail crossed the 
Snake on its way over the Blue mountains to the Colum- 
bia. 

Below the Boise the principal eastern tributaries of the 
Snake are the Payette, Weiser, Salmon, and Clearwater riv- 
ers. The courses of the Payette and Weiser are peculiar, 
being nearly south, parallel to the course of the Snake, but 
flowing in the opposite direction. The eastern limit of their 
watersheds is not far distant from the parent stream. 

Salmon river is a large and important stream. Its main 
source is in central Idaho, whence it flows north to the site 
of the modern Salmon City. Here it is joined by a large 
tributary from’ the southeast, the Lemhi river, which car- 
ries the western waters from the ranges along the Conti- 
nental Divide between Idaho and Montana. Below the con- 
fluence of these two streams the main river takes a westerly 
course and flows nearly across the state to within a few miles 
of the Snake river. Here it turns abruptly to the north, and 
parallels the Snake very closely for about forty miles before 
it enters the main stream. The Salmon river had a notable 
history in the fur trade and pioneer period. Its valley was 
a rich trapping territory, and was the home of the Nez 
Perce tribe of Indians. 

Clearwater river, also a large stream, and the last impor- 
tant tributary of the Snake, joins the latter stream where it 
turns from its northerly course westward toward the Colum- 
bia. Like the Salmon river, the Clearwater finds its source 
in the mountains along the eastern boundary of Idaho, and 
flows entirely across the state. It rivaled its sister to the 
south in its wealth of beaver fur, and its valley was likewise 
occupied by the Nez Perce Indians. 

The course of the Snake through the range which con- 
nects the Blue mountains with those east of the river is in a 
cation which ranks among the most wonderful in the world. 
It attains its greatest magnitude near the mouth of the 


THE UPPER COLUMBIA. 737 


Salmon river, where both streams are in the bottoms of 
gorges of black volcanic rock, perhaps three thousand feet 
deep, through which they flow with torrential velocity, their 
white, foamy surface forming a marked contrast with the 
gloomy majesty of the walls which enclose them. 

Below the mouth of the Clearwater the Snake is navi- 
gable to its outlet. It flows in a considerable curve to the 
north, through the region known as the Great Plain of the 
Columbia, and enters the latter stream three hundred and 
thirty-six miles from the sea. 

The upper Columbia drains the territory comprised in 
northeastern Washington, northern Idaho, northwestern 
Montana, and a large part of British Columbia. It enters 
United States territory already a great river, swollen by the 
thousand streams which the lofty mountains of these north- 
ern regions afford. Its course and those of its tributaries 
are exceedingly irregular and broken, difficult to follow on 
the map, and form a striking contrast to the more regular 
course of the rivers east of the Divide. The region of its 
sources abounds in noble lakes, and the scenery is on a scale 
of grandeur scarcely equalled in any of the mountains to the 
south. It was a splendid region for the trapper, and every 
one of its streams yielded an annual tribute to the coffers 
of the Hudson Bay Company, or its predecessor in those 
parts, the Northwest Company. From the utmost source 
of the Columbia, the fur company’s trail lay across the 
Divide to the sources of the Saskatchewan, whence it led 
east to the Red river valley, Lake Superior, and to Montreal. 

Where the Columbia crosses the international boundary, 
it receives Clark’s Fork from the east with the waters of 
northern Idaho and northeastern Montana. The valley of 
this stream is also a region of notable lakes, of which the 
principal are the Pend d’Oreille, Flathead, and Missoula, 
and it gives rise to hundreds of the finest streams in the 
mountains. It was the home of those staunch friends of the 
whites, the Flathead Indians, and was a favorite haunt of 
the hunter and trapper. 


788 TRIBUTARIES OF THE COLUMBIA. 


The distance on the Columbia from the mouth of Clark’s 
Fork to the mouth of the Snake is four hundred and sixteen 
miles. The only notable tributary on the left or south bank 
is the Spokane river, an important stream on whose banks 
stood a trading post, Spokane House, some ten miles below 
the modern site of Spokane City. 

The course of the Columbia, in the state of Washington, 
is first south one hundred and twelve miles to the mouth 
of the Spokane, thence slightly north of west for about one 
hundred miles, to where the tributary Okanagan comes in 
from the north. This was the site of an important trading 
post which accommodated the Indians dwelling in the coun- 
try to the north. 

From the Okanagan to the mouth of the Snake the gen- 
eral course of the Columbia is a little east of south. The 
only considerable tributary received in this distance is the 
Yakima, which comes in from the west with the drainage 
of a large extent of the Cascade range in central Wash- 
ington. 

From the mouth of the Snake the Columbia continues 
southeast for a short distance, when it turns abruptly to the 
right and holds a course nearly due west for about one hun- 
dred miles. At this important bend two small but notable 
tributaries flow in from the northern slopes of the Blue 
mountains. These streams, the Walla Walla and the Uma- 
tilla, are important ones in the fur trade and missionary his- 
tory of Oregon. It was in this vicinity that the Oregon 
Trail, after crossing the Blue mountains, came to the Colum- 
bia river. 

Three great tributaries join the Columbia between the 
Snake river and the sea, and all come in from the south. 
They are the John Day 4 and the Des Chutes rivers, which 
bring in the contributory waters of the Blue and Cascade 
ranges in central Oregon; and the Willamette, a large 
stream which is fed by both the Coast and Cascade ranges, 


*This stream is named for the John Day who figures in the overland 
Astorian expedition of 1811-12, 


MOUTH OF THE COLUMBIA. 789 


and drains the extensive and beautiful valley between. The 
latter stream enters the Columbia near the site of the modern 
city of Portland, and opposite old Fort Vancouver, the most 
important locality on the Pacific slope during the fur trade 
era. Here the British companies had their Pacific coast 
establishment, and from this point they ruled as lords of the 
ccuntry for fully two score years. 

As if deflected from its course by the impact of the Wil- 
lamette, the Columbia, at its junction with this stream, turns 
sharply to the north and continues in this direction for about 
forty miles, when it swings in an easy curve to the left and 
holds a course due west to the ocean. For many miles 
above the mouth of the river it expands into a broad estuary, 
where ocean vessels ride in safety, and it finally enters the 
Pacific over what was in early times one of the most danger- 
ous bars known to navigation. 

Like all the rest of the Western country, the valley of the 
Columbia west of the Cascade range presented every grada- 
tion of quality from rich and fertile bottom lands to the 
most barren and worthless desert. Large sections of the 
Great Plain of the Columbia, as the region between that 
river and the Snake, and above their junction, is called, are 
fertile lands and will yield to reclamation. But in the days 
of the fur trade this country had no value except for grazing 
the few horses which were required in a business where boats 
were the usual means of transportation. The true trapping 
country was farther up, among the thousand tributaries and 
mountain lakes that were spread over an area four times 
as large as New England. All of this region ranked with 
that about the headwaters of the Missouri in its abundance 
of beaver. 

The Columbia was not a navigable stream in the same 
sense that the Missouri was, but was subject to far greater 
extremes. The character of the Missouri was practically 
uniform from its mouth to the head of navigation, and a 
boat which could navigate it at its outlet could navigate it 
all the way. Not so with the Columbia, which, in one 


790 NAVIGATION OF THE COLUMBIA. 


part of its course or another, could accommodate every 
known kind or size of craft, but in which the navigation was 
nowhere continuous for large steamboats for more than 
about two hundred miles. For one hundred miles above 
the mouth ocean vessels can pass with ease and safety. For 
fifty miles farther up, or to the Cascades, river boats can 
navigate at all seasons of the year. Here navigation was 
formerly completely interrupted, and the traders had to 
make portages, whose natural difficulty was greatly en- 
hanced by the presence of thieving and treacherous bands of 
Indians. In modern times a canal eliminates this obstacle 
altogether. Nearly fifty miles farther up is another rapid, 
where the river is compressed into a narrow channel with 
such a turbulent current that the passage of boats in either 
direction is out of the question. Above the Dalles, as this 
place is called, the most serious obstruction is Priest rapids, 
but by the aid of the cordelle, portages could be avoided, and 
navigation was practically continuous in small craft to Boat 
Encampment, near the source of the river, where the British 
trail started for the East. It was also possible to ascend the 
Snake river in boats to about thirty miles above the mouth 
of the Clearwater. . 

In spite of its many rapids and the difficult portages at 
the Dalles and Cascades, boats were the universal means of 
_ transportation during the fur trade era from the mouth to 
the source of the Columbia. The lighter craft ascended the 
tributaries for long distances, and if the total navigable 
length of all these streams, as actually used by the traders, 
could be determined, it would be found to amount to more 
than two thousand miles. 

The valley of the Columbia has but an incidental interest 
in the history of the United States fur trade. Only one 
important enterprise was ever undertaken there by an Amer- 
ican company, and that was Mr. Astor’s project in 1811-13. 
Nathaniel J. Wyeth undertook to found a business there 
twenty years later, but wholly without success. Jedediah S. 
Smith, Joshua Pilcher, and Captain Bonneville succeeded 


HISTORIC ASSOCIATIONS. 791 


in obtaining a glimpse of the resources of the valley, but 
scarcely so much as carried away a beaver skin. The Brit- 
ish companies held absolute commercial sway over that 
region, and its fur trade history therefore relates mainly to 
the history of those companies. 

No river upon the continent, and few upon the globe, have 
held a larger place in history, considering the time that it has 
been known, than this “ River of the West.” Whether 
viewed by the business man or the poet, its effect upon the 
imagination of the pioneer was the same. One saw in its 
valley a land full of the possibilities of material greatness ; 
the other a land full of the grandeur and beauty of nature 
and hallowed by the traditions and activities of man. Both 
alike, as they looked out upon the wide-spread rolling 
ocean beyond the headlands that guarded its entrance, felt 
that there were no limits to the greatness of the coming 
time, 

“When through this gate the treasures of the North 

Flow outward to the sea.’’ > 

The very name of the river — the original name, Ore- 
gon — was enshrined in poesy while yet the existence of 
the stream was an unsolved mystery. The adventures of 
the fur trader, the trials of the missionaries, the perils of 
the navigator, the sufferings of the resolute emigrant, and 
the political controversy of a quarter of a century, are all 
inseparably interwoven with its history.® 

*Sunset at the Mouth of the Columbia. (Mrs. Victor.) 

*The origin of the name “Oregon” has puzzled geographers and 
historians as almost no other name has. It is so beautiful and 
sonorous and has become so deeply fixed in the popular mind that the 
desire to know whence it came is an unusually strong one. It was 
first used by Jonathan Carver in 1778, but without the slightest clue 
to his authority save that he received it from the Indians. But none 
of the tribes with which he had intercourse had any such word. There 
is much reason to think that it came from the Spanish. Early writers 
refer to it as the “Oregon of the Spaniards.” One of the first, if not 
the first, attempts at explanation, appeared in the Missouri Republican 


of St. Louis in 1825 in which “A Subscriber” explained the origin of 
the name as a Spanish word “ oregano,’ a plant of the wild marjoram 


¢ 


792 THE NAME “ OREGON.” 


THE GREAT BASIN. 


To the westward of the valley of the Colorado lies an 
immense territory with no rivers that flow into the sea. 
Its area is over 200,000 square miles, comprising portions 


species, which was said to flourish on the banks of the river. In a 
subsequent issue, a person who signed himself “ Patrick” took the 
“Subscriber” to task for being “after robbing the whole country of 
the best part of its name” which, he averred, was in full, Teague O’Re- 
gan, a family name in the island of Erin. Captain Bonneville thought 
that the oregano was the wild sage which grew so abundantly in por- 
tions of the valley. Other writers have sought to associate the name 
with the storms of the coast by deriving it from the French word 
Ouragan, hurricane. Still another explanation is that it is from the 
Spanish orejon, lop-eared, or hanging-ears, descriptive of a species of 
rabbit, and also of an Indian tribe found in these parts. 

None of these explanations, unless possibly the first, merits serious 
consideration, and so the name is still wrapped in impenetrable mystery. 
If it was really the creation of historian or geographer who coined it 
from “airy nothing” and gave it “a local habitation and a name” 
on this most interesting river, then all praise to the genius who created 
it. That it was an acceptable name time has amply proven, and the 
circumstances of its history have endeared it to the popular mind. 
Bryant built it skilfully into his “ Thanatopsis” where he says: 


“ Lose thyself in the continuous woods 
Where rolls the Oregon and hears no sound 
Save his own dashing.” 


The picture was a pleasing one, “ Oregon” a pleasing word, the poem 
a great one, and all combined to fix the name in the hearts of the 
people. Hall J. Kelley was, we believe, the first one to transfer it to the 
country drained by the river, which he did in his impassioned writings 
on the subject beginning about 1815. Then followed the long and 
bitter controversy over the “ Oregon Question,” at one time not very 
far from war, until the name became one of the most familiar in our 
geography. (For a careful inquiry into the origin of this name, see 
footnote p. 17, vol. 34, Bancroft’s History Western States. It is by 
Mrs. Frances Fuller Victor, probably the ablest living authority on the 
history of Oregon.) 

The nomenclature of the streams of the Columbia Valley, with the 
exception of the main river and a few of its larger tributaries, is mostly 
the work of the Northwest and Hudson Bay companies. Nearly all the 
names date from before 1820. 


TRIBUTARIES OF GREAT SALT LAKE. 793 


of California, Oregon, and Utah, and nearly all of Nevada. 
It is known in the geography of the United States as the 
Great Basin. Its most salient hydrographic feature is the 
Great Salt Lake, with an area of 1,700 to 2,100 square miles, 
according to the height of its fluctuating surface. It is a 
body of water without outlet and of excessively saline qual- 
ity. The lake is now scarcely a tenth of its former size, for 
the Quaternary Lake Bonneville, as traced out by geologists, 
had an area of nearly 20,000 square miles, was a freshwater 
lake, and drained north into Snake river, making the Great 
Basin, geologically at least, a portion of the Columbia valley. 

The tributaries of Great Salt Lake all come from the 
eastern shore, the country to the west being a barren, water- 
less waste known as the Great Salt Lake desert. The moun- 
tains to the east of the lake yield many perennial streams, 
such as the Bear, Ogden, and Weber rivers. Of these Bear 
river is the most important and is quite a large stream. Its 
course is peculiar. Rising on the other side of the Wasatch 
range, almost due east of the Great Salt Lake, it flows north 
through Wyoming and Utah into the state of Idaho, where 
it turns completely about and flows south into the lake. Bear 
river was an important stream in the early days, for along 
a portion of its valley lay the famous Oregon Trail, and this 
importance it retains to the present day as the route of the 
Oregon Short Line railroad. 

Bear Lake occupied the center of a large, marshy tract 
which drained into Bear river a short distance west of the 
Wyoming boundary. It was first known to the trappers as 
Black Bear Lake, and later as Bear Lake. To Ashley’s men 
in 1826 it was known as Little Lake, in distinction from the 
Great Lake farther west. At that time Bear river was 
Spoken of by Ashley as “a water of the Pacific ocean.” 

Next to Bear river Weber river is the largest tributary of 
Great Salt Lake. It rises directly west of the sources of 
Bear river and flows northwest into the lake. Weber cafion, 

‘and the picturesque gorge along one of its branches known 
as Echo cafion, form an opening through the Wasatch range 


794 HISTORY OF GREAT SALT LAKE. 


which was utilized by the first trans-continental railroad. 

Near its mouth Weber river is joined by a tributary from 
the east known as Ogden river, a beautiful stream which 
drains that remarkable nook in the mountains, elsewhere re- 
ferred to as the “ Ogden’s Hole” of the trappers, and now 
occupied in its lower portion by the city of Ogden, Utah. 

The third stream of importance emptying into Great Salt 
Lake joins that body of water near its southeastern extrem- 
ity and is known, since the Mormons settled in its valley, as 
Jordan river. It flows due north from another considera- 
ble lake now called Utah Lake, a body of fresh water fed by 
the drainage of the western slopes of the Wasatch range 
through nearly a degree of latitude. Provo river, Spanish 
Fork, and Salt creek are the principal tributaries of Utah 
Lake. 

The early history of Great Salt Lake is intimately bound 
up with the history of the fur trade. There is no certain 
evidence that any white man ever saw the lake until the 
hunter and trapper came. Father Escalante, in 1776, came 
as far north as Utah Lake, but did not see the Great Salt 
Lake. Ona map of North America “engraved for Guth- 
ries New System of Geography” in 1811, and “drawn 
from the best authorities,’ and a very good map of the 
known portions of the continent, there is represented a con- 
siderable lake very nearly in the same latitude and longitude 
as Great Salt Lake. It shows the lake without an outlet and 
thus avoids the error involved in the Rio Buenaventura 
myth, which represents the lake as flowing through a river 
of that name into the Pacific—an error which Captain 
Bonneville is generally given the credit of correcting. On 
this map there is no name to the lake, but instead the follow- 
ing legend: “ Lake, etc., laid down according to Mr. Law- 
rence, who is said to have traveled through this country to 
California in 1790 and 1791.” Nothing farther in this con-. 
nection has come to light, but it leaves unsettled a very inter- 
esting question as to who actually first saw this lake. 

The first. party of white men known to have passed any- 


DOUBT AS TO FIRST DISCOVERER. 795 


where near the lake were the Astorians in 1811-12. The 
detached party left by Hunt at Fort Henry went south at 
least as far as to Bear river. When Stuart and Crooks re- 
turned in the summer of 1812 they met this party and were 
guided by Miller, one of their number, to this stream and 
ascended its course for a considerable distance. Although 
very near to the lake, there is no positive evidence that Mil- 
Jer’s trapping party actually saw it. 

It is highly probable, although here again the direct evi- 
dence is lacking, that the Northwest and Hudson Bay peo- 
ple saw this lake prior to 1824. Donald McKenzie worked 
all through the country around the headwaters of the Snake 
before 1820, and Ross quotes a letter written by him from 
** Black Bear’s Lake” in 1819. It seems scarcely possible 
that so large a trapping party could have passed so much 
time in this vicinity without discovering the Great Salt 
Lake. 

So far as indubitable proof goes, the discovery of the lake 
is connected with the expeditions of General William H. 
Ashley which penetrated these regions in 1823-6. <A party 
of Ashley’s men were encamped for the winter of 1824-5 in 
Cache Valley and were trapping on Bear river and its trib- 
utaries. Here a controversy arose as to the course of Bear 
river after it left the valley. A wager was laid and James 
Bridger was selected to follow the river and determine the 
‘bet. This he did, and soon arrived at its outlet in Great 
Salt Lake. Tasting the water he discovered it to be salt, 
and on reporting to his companions, all assumed that it was 
an arm of the Pacific ocean. But in the spring of 1825 
four men in skin boats explored its shore line, and found 
that it had no outlet.* 

The discovery of Great Salt Lake can therefore hardly be 
considered a settled question in history. It is possible that 
before 1824 the Spaniards may have seen it, or that white 
men from the eastward may have penetrated so far, or that 


™See Warren’s Memoir of Exploring Expeditions West of the Mis- 
sissippi River. 


706 GEOGRAPHICAL NOMENCLATURE. 


it may have been discovered by Andrew Henry’s men or by 
the Astorians. It is probable that it was known to the trap- 
pers of the Northwest and Hudson Bay Companies. But 
none of these things are as yet certainties. The situation 
may be concisely stated by saying, that while Bridger is the 
first white man whom we positively know to have seen 
Great Salt Lake, we do not positively know that he was the 
first to see it. 

The essential facts in regard to Great Salt Lake, such as 
its location, approximate size, lack of outlet, and quality of 
water, were thus definitely known as early as the spring of 
1825. In fact, the geographical nomenclature of the valley 
dates in no small degree from the Ashley expeditions, al- 
though to some extent from the Hudson Bay Company ex- 
plorers. Ogden river is named of course for Peter Skeen 
Ogden, who came into the valley at least as early as 1825. 
The tributaries of Bear river, such as Tulloch’s and Smith’s 
Forks, are probably named for Samuel Tulloch and Jede- 
diah S. Smith. The name Weber river dates from this 
time, but the identity of the individual for whom it was giv- 
en is lost. Utah Lake was then known by its present name 
and Sevier Lake was called Ashley Lake. A tributary of 
Utah Lake is now called Provo river, and near its mouth is 
the modern Provo City, Utah. It was so named for Eti- 
enne Provost, who was with these expeditions and one of 
the most noted mountaineers of that time.® 

To the south of the present valley of Great Salt Lake 
lie Sevier Lake and its long tributary, Sevier river. This 
valley occupies a large part of southwestern Utah and geo- 
logically is a part of old Lake Bonneville. The Sevier river 
rises near the southern end of the Wasatch range, flows 
north along the western base of these mountains for a hun- 
dred and fifty miles, and then turns southwest for about 
seventy-five miles into Sevier Lake. The similarity be- 
tween its course and that of Bear river, the principal 
tributary of Great Salt Lake, is striking. Sevier Lake has 


* See further, Chapter XVI., Part II. 


HUMBOLDT RIVER AND LAKE. 797 


no outlet and the characteristics of the Great Lake at the 
north are accentuated here. The water is shallow, and even 
before the advent of civilization a large part of the area 
probably became bare and covered with salt every summer 
from evaporation. In later times irrigation has so far ab- 
sorbed the waters of the Sevier river that the lake has 
become practically dry. 

Westward of the valley of the Great Salt Lake along the 
eastern base of the Sierra Nevada mountains lies another 
extensive section of the Great Basin. Here are many lakes, 
all without outlet to the ocean. Among them the more im- 
portant are the Humboldt Lakes, the Carson Lakes, Walker 
and Pyramid Lakes, and Lake Tahoe. There are also 
many others extending along the base of the mountains as 
far north as to the present state of Oregon. 

The most considerable river of this section is the Hum- 
boldt, which flows into the Humboldt lakes, or as they are 
often called, the sinks of the Humboldt. It takes its rise 
about one hundred miles west of Great Salt Lake and flows 
in a direction generally south of west for some three hun- 
dred miles. About midway of its course it receives a trib- 
utary from the south of considerable length but insignificant 
proportions. The Humboldt was long known as Ogden 
river, from the Peter Skeen Ogden already mentioned. 
Ogden married an Indian woman from one of the tribes 
of the valley, calling her name Mary, and from this circum- 
stance the river was also at one time known as Mary river.® 
In Leonard’s account of the Walker expedition in 1833, the 
stream is invariably called Barren river and the lakes into 
which it flows Battle Lakes. The name Humboldt was 
bestowed by Fremont, and is an instance of the violence so 
often done by explorers to existing geographical nomen- 
clature without justifiable cause. The river should have 
retained its original name, Ogden. 

* Beckwourth connects the origin of this name with the Lewis and 


Clark expedition, but his theory is more absurdly impossible than are 
most of even his stories. 


798 POLITICAL BOUNDARIES. 


At the southern extremity of the Great Basin, lying most- 
ly within the state of California, is a desolate waste which 
is in the most emphatic sense a desert. It is of very low al- 
titude, some portions even lying below the level of the sea. 
The water which would naturally collect there is carried off 
by the excessive evaporation of that region. In this sec- 
tion are Lake Owen, Death Valley, and the sinks of the 
Mohave. 

Only that portion of the Great Basin which lay along the 
western slope of the Wasatch range was much frequented 
by the American trapper. The Hudson Bay Company 
monopolized the fur business in the region to the north- 
west, while little was ever done by the traders in that to 
the southwest.!° 


* This may be as suitable a place as any to note the political bound- 
aries of the trans-Mississippi country during the period of the 
fur trade. The Spanish and later the Mexican line commenced at the 
mouth of the Sabine river and coincided with the east and northern 
boundary of Texas as far as to the rooth Meridian, which it followed 
to its intersection with the Arkansas. Ascending this stream to its 
source in the mountains it thence followed the 106th Meridian to its 
intersection with the 42nd parallel of latitude. This parallel formed 
the northern boundary of the Spanish possessions westward to the 


Pacific ocean. The British American line was the same as at present 
as far west as to the crest of the Rocky mountains. The disputed 


territory of Oregon was bounded on the north by the Russian pos- 
sessions at latitude 54 degrees 40 minutes, on the east by the Conti- 
nental Divide, on the south by the 42nd parallel, and on the west by the 
Pacific ocean. 


(CAs Win or Bi ai ans 


FLORA. 


Vegetable productions of importance to the trapper — The cottonwood 
— The quaking aspen— The conifera— The cedar— The willow — 
Council Grove—The Big Timbers—The Cross Timbers — Sage 
brush — Greasewood — Cactus — The grasses— Wild fruits — Edible 
roots — The maize — Plants used for tobacco. 


QE preceding pages have been devoted to a description 

of the topography and physical aspects of the country 
in which the American fur trade was carried on. It is 
now in order to consider, not in exhaustive technical detail, 
but from the practical standpoint of the hunter and trap- 
per, the varieties of life which flourished there. The vege 
table productions which had any appreciable influence upon 
their manner of life were very few. The woods, grasses, 
fruits, edible roots, the troublesome sagebrush, greasewood, 
and cactus, the maize, and a few domestic plants introduced 
by the trader, comprise the number. 

The most important tree in the business of the fur trade, 
and in many parts of the West practically the only tree, was, 
the cottonwood. ‘There were several species of the genus 
populus, but the most important was the populus deltoides 
occidentalis, the broad-leaved cottonwood of the lower riv- 
ers. found only along the water courses, where it grew in 
every variety of form and size, from diminutive, misshapen 
shrubs to stately trees of more than five feet diameter and 
upward of seventy feet high. In the higher altitudes it had 
a narrower leaf and was called populus angustifolia. 

A grove of large cottonwoods, with stately trunks and 
widespreading tops, is not surpassed in beauty by any other 
variety of forest. In a region like the Western country, to- 


800 THE COTTONWOOD. 


tally devoid of trees except high among the mountains or 
in the valleys of streams, the sight of these long lines of 
foliage was always welcome to the hunter for the comfort it 
promised, as it is now to the lover of nature because of the 
beauty which it displays. 

The cottonwood was used in these early days for a variety 
of purposes. In the first place it was a grateful shelter both 
in winter and summer. It supplied the hunter with fuel for 
his warmth and cooking, logs for temporary huts, and food 
for his horse. This last use will seem surprising to many, 
yet it was a universal one upon the plains, where grazing 
was impracticable, as it often was in winter. The bark 
was one of the most nutritious foods. The horses liked it 
and throve upon it as well as upon oats. It is recorded that 
Kenneth McKenzie at Fort Union kept some horses of supe- 
rior quality for the chase exclusively, and for their better 
training fed them only upon cottonwood bark.’ Although 
elk and deer obtained the bark by browsing from the 
younger shrubs, horses, if in considerable numbers, were fed 
on the bark obtained from larger trees. In such cases it 
was customary to cut down the trees and shave the bark 
from them with ordinary draw knives. The shavings were 
then cut up into short pieces and fed to the animals. Great 
care was taken not to feed the bark in a frozen condition lest 
the sharp edges, keen as steel with frost, lacerate the horses’ 
mouths and stomachs. Animals were occasionally lost 
from neglect of this precaution. 

The cottonwood was extensively used in the manufacture 
of boats, particularly the “ dugouts”’ or log canoes which 
were so much used on the Missouri and its tributaries. It 
likewise supplied palisades for the forts, logs for the houses, 
fuel for the steamboats, and every other want for which 
wood was required. It was usually manufactured with the 

*“ About four o’clock the horses were brought in much fatigued; 
on giving them meal bran moistened with water they would not eat 


it, but preferred the bark of the cottonwood.” 
Journal of Lewis and Clark. 


MOUNTAIN FORESTS. SOI 


axe alone, but at the larger posts there was a more complete 
equipment. ‘Timber and boards were sawed by erecting a 
stage on which the logs were rolled, high enough so that a 
man could stand erect underneath. Two men then sawed 
the log, one standing above, the other beneath, and together 
operating the saw. The use of cottonwood as timber was 
more from necessity than on account of its quality, which 
was really very inferior. As a general thing it was the 
only timber available, the low dwarf cedar being unfit for 
lumber, and the pine and fir of the mountains being too far 
away. 

Another species of the genus populus was the populus 
tremuloides, the quaking asp, or the tremble of the French. 
It was sometimes found in the valleys, as along the Riviere 
aux Trembles, or Poplar river, in Montana, but more gen- 
erally on the mountain sides, where it grew in small, com- 
pact copses which greatly enhanced the beauty of the scen- 
ery. The superstitious voyageurs thought that this was the 
wood of which the Cross was made and that ever since the 
crucifixion its leaves have exhibited that constant tremulous 
appearance which has given rise to the name. The wood 
of the quaking asp was preferred by the trappers as a fuel 
for cooking, because it had little odor and did not taint the 
meat. 

The mountains were extensively covered above an 
altitude of 7,000 feet, with forests of pine, spruce, balsam, 
and fir. The more important species were the Pinus flexilis, 
or Rocky mountain white pine; the Pinus Murrayana or 
lodge pole pine, and sometimes called black pine from its 
appearance in forest masses; Picea Engelmanm, a spruce 
flourishing near the timber line; Abies Subalpina, balsam, 
found near the snow fields and a very beautiful tree; and the 
Pseudotsuga Douglasi, the Douglas spruce, largest of the 
conifera, sometimes attaining a diameter of five feet. It 
was only where these forests descended into the lower val- 
leys that they were of much use to the trapper. The pine 
made a good fuel and its boughs were often used for bed- 


So2 THE CEDARS. 


ding. The forests also afforded shelter from storms. But 
as a general thing the part which they played in the hunter’s 
life was that of an obstacle to travel. They were often very 
dense, difficult to pass through, with little or no game in 
them, and in the springtime powerful retainers of the win- 
ter snows. They delayed to a great extent the passage of 
the mountains in spring, and by holding the snows till the 
period of hot weather, increased the mountain freshets in 
June and contributed to render the streams more impassable. 

The cedars were very numerous and grew in the widest 
variety of situations. The Jumperus commums Alpina 
which flourished extensively on the hillsides and the Jum- 
perus Virgimana, commonly called the red cedar, were the 
principal varieties. The cedars of the mountains and foot- 
hills grew in the most distorted and twisted shapes as if 
from the long action of storms and winds. Sometimes 
their tops spread out into wide canopies, affording ideal 
spots on which to camp. For lumber, fuel, etc., they were © 
not so useful owing to the difficulty of cutting and splitting. 
These trees are to be seen in any part of the West, and fre: 
quently in those barren and forbidding situations where it 
would seem that no life could flourish. 

On some of the islands of the Missouri the red cedar 
flourished in great abundance and was there a most useful 
tree. It furnished timber for the trading posts and fuel for 
the steamboats. The various Cedar islands along the riv- 
er, particularly those in the Sioux country, were named 
from the presence of this tree. 

Along nearly all of the streams there were growths of 
willows of greater or lesser density — Salix rostrata is the 
most common of the several varieties. These often 
amounted to extensive thickets, almost impenetrable, mak- 
ing the approach to streams a matter of the greatest diffi- 
culty, while they crowded so close upon the borders that it 
was impossible to follow the bank. The trapper had there- 
fore to wade the stream or betake himself to the open 
bottoms. These thickets were a most serious obstacle in 


NOTABLE FORESTS. 803 


trapping operations, but at the same time they were a source 
of food for the beaver and the wild game and a splendid con- 
cealment from savage foes. 

Although the plains of the West and most of the foothills 
and bad lands were barren of trees, there were here and 
there extensive forest lands which came to have considerable 
celebrity in the life of the plains. The country around the 
Black Hills was an example. While much of this section 
was mountainous and the forests there strictly mountain for- 
ests, still the trees extended down to the very plains and 
far out from the base of the mountains. 

On the headwaters of the Neosho was the celebrated for- 
est of Council Grove which contained several varieties of 
timber. It was of great importance to the Santa Fe cara- 
vans. 

The Big Timbers of the Arkansas were a large body of 
cottonwood on the north side of the Arkansas river, extend- 
ing for several miles along the river at some distance below 
the site of Bent’s fort. Ina country almost devoid of trees, 
even along watercourses, this extensive forest was of more 
than usual importance and was a great resort for both In- 
dians and traders. 

The forest section known as the Cross Timbers lay rather 
outside the territory embraced in this work, being mainly in 
Texas and the Indian Territory, and it extended from the 
Brazos river northwesterly to the Canadian river. South of 
the Canadian a branch of the Cross Timbers extends west- 
wardly and then northerly across the North Fork of the 
Canadian, where it finally disappears. This hilly, wooded 
section is the line between the lower well-watered prai- 
ries and the high, arid plains. It is covered with a thick 
growth and a wide variety of trees mostly of dwarfish, 
stunted size. The underwood is so overgrown with vines 
and shrubbery as to be in places almost impassable. 

What the prairie dog was among the animals of the 
plain, the sage brush and greasewood were to the plants — 
products so generally useless that it has ever been a mystery 


804 SAGE BRUSH AND GREASEWOOD. 


what their purpose in the economy of nature may have been. 
It is an observation often made that a discovery of some 
beneficial use for the sage would render available vast re- 
gions of country which must otherwise apparently forever 
remain in a state of non-productiveness. 

There are more than twenty species of the genus artemi- 
sia. The most common, and the one to which the term 
sage brush strictly applies, is the artemisia tridentata. The 
term sage refers more properly to the other varieties, al- 
though, in popular use, fine distinctions were not drawn, 
and the names sage and sage brush were indefinitely applied 
to everything of the artemisia characteristic. It is worthy 
of note that lands where the true sage brush flourishes are 
reasonably free from alkali and are generally fertile. The 
several varieties vary greatly in size, the tridentata occa- 
sionally attaining a height of from fifteen to twenty feet, 
and forming dense miniature forests. These large growths 
constitute as formidable an obstacle to travel as does a 
thicket of willows. The larger shrubs make a quick, hot 
fire, but a very transient one, and so are not esteemed a good 
fuel in comparison with wood. They are said to have been 
extensively and even exclusively used, however, by some of 
the tribes of the Columbia where wood is unknown. 

One useful purpose which the sage brush serves, when its 
growth is very dense, is as a shelter from the storms of win- 
ter. Both in the earlier times when wiid game grazed on 
the plains, and now when their place is taken by domestic 
herds, this otherwise useless plant has been the means of 
saving the lives of thousands of animals every winter. 

This plant has the widest area of growth of any of the 
plants of the plains. From the 1ooth meridian westward 
to the Pacific it is almost never out of sight and its appear- 
ance becomes so familiar as scarcely to attract attention. 

The greasewood (Sarcobatus Vermiculatus) resembles 
somewhat in external appearance the sage brush and like 
it flourishes only in the arid regions. Its distinguishing 
peculiarity, apart from its well-marked appearance, is the 


THE GRASSES. 805 


fact that it flourishes in an alkaline soil. The ash of the 
burned plant has been found to contain twenty-two per cent 
of potash and twenty-four per cent of soda. Its presence 
is a sure indication of black alkali, and it is now recognized 
among farmers that where the greasewood flourishes it is 
useless to attempt cultivation. The plant itself, like the 
larger sage brush, grows from four to eight feet high, and, 
contrary to what might be expected, affords browsing to 
cattle and sheep. 

The cactus in its various forms is an exceedingly trouble- 
some plant, where its growth is abundant, for its sharp 
thorns pierce the shoes or moccasins of pedestrians, and in- 
jure the feet of horses and mules. The prickly pear (Cac- 
tus Opuntia) is the most common of the plants. When in 
full bloom it is very attractive and it is said to have been 
much used for food. Another variety of cactus is the little 
spherical form (Mamilaria Missouriensis) that grows in 
great numbers on the prairies, and though its armature of 
thorns is less powerful than that of the prickly pear, it is 
still a very troublesome plant. Farther south on the plains 
of Arizona the giant cactus (Cereus giganteus) thrives with 
its weird and strange forms towering like ruined columns 
in every direction. 

Among the most important vegetable productions of the 
plains, so far as the business of the fur trade was concerned, 
were the grasses, for upon them depended not only the sus- 
tenance of nearly all the native herbivorous animals, but 
also that of the beasts of burden which accompanied the ex- 
peditions. As a general thing the grasses were of excellent 
quality, and no country in the world can excel the Western 
plains as a grazing country. The growth on the lower 
prairies, where rain is more abundant, is more luxuriant 
than upon the high plains, and of course more plentiful on 
the stream bottoms than upon the table lands or hills. One 
most valuable quality of these prairie grasses is that they 
retain their nutritive power apparently quite as well after 
the season of growth is over as before, so that wherever the 


806 FRUITS AND EDIBLE ROOTS. 


snow in winter does not cover the ground too deeply the 
grazing herds find sustenance as easily as in the summer 
time. 

The three grasses that were the chief reliance of herbiv- 
orous animals were the gramma grass (boutelona oligos- 
tachya), the buffalo grass (buchloe dactyloides), and the 
bunch grass (poa tenuifolia). The gramma grass had a 
wide distribution throughout the West, and was often called 
buffalo grass. It sometimes grew to a height of ten inches 
on the ranges. It is one of the native grasses which has 
been improved successfully under irrigation. 

Buffalo grass likewise had a wide distribution, but unlike 
the gramma grass it is dying out before the advance of cul- 
tivated grasses. 

Of all the grasses, however, the bunch grass was the most 
widespread and important. It is a rich, nutritious food for 
stock and equally good in winter as in summer. In fact, 
the term “ bunch grass ”’ in the Western country has become 
synonymous with excellence of quality in any line. 

All over the West were to be found wild fruits which 
were an occasional resource for food when other means 
failed. Plums, bull berries, haws, cherries, service berries, 
and native varieties of the common fruits — raspberries, 
blackberries, strawberries and huckleberries, were met with. 
These fruits were gathered extensively by the Indians, who 
had effective methods of preserving them. To the hunter 
and trapper they were an entirely secondary means of sub- 
sistence. 

There were numerous edible roots throughout the West- 
ern countries which were a substantial resource among the 
Indians, though rarely used, except under the compulsion 
of want, by the whites. The more important were the 
camas root (camassia esculenta), the Indian turnip or pom- 
me blanche of the French (psoralea esculenta), the bitter 
root, and the wild onion, of which there were several vari- | 
eties. The Indian women had an interesting method of 
gathering and preparing the common roots, After a suffi- 


THE INDIAN CORN, 807 


cient quantity had been collected, holes were dug in the 
ground and lined with stones upon which a fire was built 
of sufficient strength to heat them thoroughly. The ashes 
were then carefully removed, and the stones were covered 
with fresh, leafy twigs, upon which the roots were placed 
until the hole was filled. The top was then covered over 
first with a layer of leaves and then with a layer of earth up- 
on which a fire was maintained until the roots were thor- 
oughly cooked. As thus prepared they formed an excellent 
food. 

The psoralea esculenta was used in a dry and pounded 
state by the Indians. It was a nutritious food and exten- 
sively used. 

The gathering of these roots at certain seasons and curing 
them for future supply was a regular business with most of 
the tribes who dwelt in the Great Basin. To such an extent 
did they depend upon this kind of food that they became 
known by the opprobrious epithet of “ Rootdiggers’”’ or 
simply “ Diggers.” 

The maize or Indian corn was the most important plant 
regularly cultivated by the Indians, and among the tribes in 
permanent villages it was a common food. The planting 
was usually done in May. The ground was prepared with 
a utensil made of the shoulder blade of a buffalo, prior to 
the advent of the traders, but after that with the common 
hoe. The seeds were planted in rows, and the corn was 
hoed two or three times during the season, pains being taken 
to bank the earth against the hills for the better retention 
of the moisture. The harvest generally took place in Octo- 
ber. The cornfields were unfenced and were frequent ob- 
jects of raids by hostile tribes. The traders made exten- 
sive use of the maize and all the larger posts had mills to 
grind it. 

When the traders began to get a permanent hold on the 
country, they introduced along the Missouri some of the 
more common and hardy vegetables such as pumpkins, 
beans, etc., while every important post had its regular gar- 


808 TOBACCO. 


den in which a variety of products was raised for the use of 
the inmates. 

With a people who set so high a value as did the Indians 
upon the pipe as an indispensable feature of their ceremonial 
intercourse with the whites and with each other, the mate- 
rial used in the pipe had an importance by no means to be 
despised. The Indians cultivated a native tobacco in the 
early days (Nicotiana quadrivalvis), but when they came to 
use the white man’s tobacco they always mixed with it a 
substance called kinikinik which consisted of the leaves or 
inner bark of certain shrubs. Among those more com- 
monly used were the leaves of the smooth sumac (Rhus Gla- 
bra) ; the inner bark of the red-osier dogwood or so-called 
red willow (Cornus stoiomifera) and the leaves and bark of 
the bear berry (Arctostaphylos uva urst). 

Such is a catalogue of the principal uses which the hunter 
derived from the plant life of the West. The cottonwood 
for forts, houses, boats, forage, and fuel; cedars for build- 
ing, willows for browsing, grasses for grazing, roots and 
wild fruits for food, the cactus and sage as obstacles, and 
the mountain forests for the general uses of lumber, when 
convenient of access — these were about the extent of his 
direct dependence upon or relation to the flora of the 
country. | 


CEUAP DER IV I, 
FAUNA. 


THE BUFFALO, BEAVER, AND BEAR. 


Great importance of the buffalo — Description — Flesh of the buffalo 
— Appearance and habits — Methods of capture — Buffalo butchering — 
Territorial range of the buffalo— Rapid disappearance — Commercial 
importance of the buffalo— The importance of the beaver in the fur 
trade — Description of the beaver — Method of capture — The beaver 
skin — Commercial importance— The grizzly bear—The most dan- 
gerous American quadruped — Method of attack — Notable encounters 
_ with grizzly bears — The black bear. 


Coe the above title will be considered the three rep- 
resentatives of animal life on the plains and in the 
mountains with which the trader and trapper, as well as 
the Indian, were most familiar and which entered most 
largely into the daily life of the natives and the business of 
the fur trade. | 
More than the horse to the Arab, the camel to the pilgrim 
in the desert, the reindeer to the Laplander, the seal to the 
Esquimau, or the elephant to the Hindoo, was the BUFFA- 
Lo to the trans-Mississippi Indian. History affords no 
other example where a single product of nature, whether 
animal or vegetable, has filled so large a place in the life of a 
people. The self-sustenance of the tribes of the plains 
would have been impossible without it, and when the buffalo 
disappeared these tribes fell back upon the government in 
hopeless dependence for the very necessities of existence. 
This remarkable animal (Bos Americanus) furnished 
nearly everything that the Indians wanted, and in the life 
of the trapper as well it was a principal resource. Almost 
every part of its huge body was utilized, and a volume 


S10 USES OF THE BUFFALO. 


would be required to catalogue its manifold applications. 
The hide was dressed in a variety of ways, each special 
treatment having its particular use. The lodge of the In- 
dian, his bed and covering when asleep, his clothes, his 
weapons of war, his shield in battle, kettles for his food, 
boats for crossing the river, material for his saddle and hal- 
ter, strings for his whip and bow, hair for ornamenting his 
dress — all these and many other articles were made from 
the robe that grew around this most useful animal. His 
bones, likewise, from the short, curved, strong horns to the 
hoofs that supported him, were manufactured into an end- 
less variety of articles that entered into every part of the 
domestic life of the Indian. 

The flesh of the buffalo was the most wholesome, palata- 
ble, and universally used of that of any wild animal. The 
extent of its use, that is, the degree to which the entire ani- 
mal was thus utilized, depended upon its abundance. When. 
there were multitudes at hand the epicurean palate rejected 
all but the choicest morsels, but in times of scarcity every 
part of the flesh did duty as food. The greatest luxury was 
the tongue and this was often the only part taken. The 
hump ribs and the tenderloin came next in favor, while 
smaller parts, such as the marrow bones, liver and gall, 
and parts of the intestines, were often devoured with avidity 
while the process of butchering was still going on. The 
fleece fat upon the animal’s back was generally thick and 
rich and was an important article in the process of cooking. 

All authorities unite in praising the excellence of buffalo 
meat, and the true plainsman would never admit that the 
domestic beef could approach it. It always agreed with the 
digestion and it seemed impossible to overeat of it. Com- 
bined with the healthfulness of the open-air life on the 
prairies or in the mountains, it formed a perfect food whose 
virtues became widely known; and many an invalid has 
recovered his health on the plains with no shelter but the sky 
and no food but the meat of the buffalo. 

It was not always, however, that the hunter or traveler 


CURING BUFFALO MEAT. Sil 


had the buffalo with him, and it became necessary to pro- 
vide in times of plenty against the times of deficiency. This 
was ordinarily done by the process of jerking or drying the 
meat. The flesh was cut up in thin strips and hung up in 
the open air to dry, after which it could be kept indefinitely 
without deterioration. The Indians had another process of 
curing buffalo meat, equal, if not superior, to the most ap- 
proved modern canning processes, and wholly free from the 
use of chemicals or embalming preparations which too often 
cast suspicion upon the preserved meats of the present day. 
This was the much used pemmican. It was prepared by cut- 
ting the flesh into thin slices, thoroughly drying it, prefera- 
bly in smoke, until it was hard and crisp; then pulverizing it 
by pounding upon a stone, and finally mixing it with an 
equal weight of buffalo tallow or marrow fat. Sometimes it 
was seasoned with powdered wild cherry, stone and all. 
The whole mixture, before hardening, was introduced into 
skin bags, shaken down compactly, and then sealed tight. 
In this way it would last indefinitely and was always ready 
for use without cooking. It formed a very palatable as well 
as nutritious food. 

These manifold and important uses did not exhaust the 
purposes which this most valuable animal subserved. In 
those regions where wood was scarce, and that was nearly 
everywhere except upon the larger streams and in the moun- 
tains, the dried ordure of the buffalo supplied an excellent 
and ready fuel. Finally, to push the range of utility to the 
extreme limit, there are instances on record where the lone- 
ly hunter, caught unexpectedly by a prairie blizzard, has 
slain and disemboweled a buffalo, and, crawling inside the 
huge body, has found a safe refuge from the tempest. 

For so useful an animal, and one of such mild and inof- 
fensive habits, the buffalo was terrible in appearance, mis- 
shapen, unwieldy, and ponderous. Its massive, shaggy 
front, its matted mane almost concealing the small, bright 
eyes,.and its short, curved, powerful horns, altogether gave 


S12 METHODS OF CAPTURE. 


it an aspect of ferocity which was quite out of keeping with 
the actual instincts of the animal. 

The color of the buffalo was dun or dark brown inclining 
to black and was remarkably uniform throughout the species. 
Variations from the common color were so rare that the 
Indians attributed such as were met with to supernatural 
causes. Thus the white buffalo was an object of worship 
among most of the plains tribes, and a white buffalo skin 
was considered great medicine, the possession of which was 
a mark of distinction. 

In its habits the buffalo was a thoroughly gregarious ani- 
mal, being rarely seen alone, unless from injury or age, it 
was unable to keep up with its companions. Not only was 
the buffalo generally seen in herds, but the smaller herds 
were usually parts of larger ones. Great multitudes of 
these animals migrated from one section to another, and 
when they were passing any place their numbers were often 
beyond the power of the mind to estimate. | 

It will readily be seen that the business of capturing ani- 
mals so useful and necessary was an important one. The 
buffalo hunt was the highest sport which could engage the 
skill of the hunter. The animal was not keen except in its 
sense of smell, which was very acute and warned him with 
certainty of danger from the windward. In his flight he 
displayed a sort of stupid persistence, rushing madly along, 
often into the very teeth of destruction, and he was not 
alarmed at the crash of a rifle so long as he saw neither 
smoke nor hunter. 

The methods of capture were various. With the In- 
dians wholesale destruction was commonly resorted to by 
alluring vast herds at full gallop to the brink of a precipice 
or into the mouth of an artificial enclosure. The force of 
the mass behind crowded those in advance ahead until they 
fell upon each other at the foot of the cliffs or in the enclos- 
ures, and were thus slaughtered by the hundreds. A great 
deal of skill, and favoring conditions of wind, as well as the 
most adroit management on the part of the Indian, who, 


THE SURROUND. 813 


clad like a buffalo, acted as decoy to the herd, were essential 
to the complete success of the maneuver. These hunts were 
matters of great ceremony among the Indians. Days and 
weeks were devoted to preparation, with the most rigid 
laws against individual hunting or frightening of the herds, 
and with due observance of the established religious rites of 
the tribes. 

The true sportsman-like attack was by direct onslaught 
on horseback, or, as it was sometimes called from the man- 
ner of approach, the “surround.” It was managed with 
the same ceremonious preliminaries that were observed in 
all great buffalo hunts by the Indians. The attack was 
made by riding in careful order, under strict discipline, di- 
rectly upon the herd until the latter had fully scented the 
danger, when the hunters broke into a wild gallop, each free 
to go where he chose, and fell pell-mell upon the herd, chas- 
ing and slaying, amid the thunder of hoofs, the bellowing 
of the frightened beasts, and the clouds of dust raised in 
the mad rush of so many animals. So completely panic- 
stricken would these mighty herds become, and so little sen- 
sible of where to flee, that most of them fell victims to their 
pursuers, and the ground where the attack took place would 
be strewn with hundreds of dead bodies. Now and then a 
luckless hunter would be unhorsed, or even slain in the con- 
fusion of the chase, when some infuriated monster turned 
too quickly upon him. 

The scene of these hunts, after they were over, was one 
field of carnage, or gigantic slaughter house, in which the 
women were everywhere busy, securing the trophies of the 
day. Theirs truly was the laborious part, and days were 
required to gather the hides and meat and the other fruits of 
a few hours’ hunt. 

The practical American hunter, when not bent on sport 
for sport’s sake, but after meat for its sake, adopted a much 
simpler, more direct, and quite as efficacious means of se- 
curing his game. This was the method of “ still hunting,” 
which consisted, as the name suggests, in stealing unob- 


S14 STILL HUNTING. 


served upon the intended victim. Generally a small band 
was preferable. It was not a difficult thing to crawl from 
the leeward to within sure rifle shot without being discov- 
ered. Then, choosing the best concealment the ground 
afforded, the hunter would commence the work of destruc- 
tion by firing at the fairest mark. The animals, seeing 
nothing, and hearing only the report, would not generally 
flee, but stand still in apparent wonderment. Presently the 
wounded animal falls, and the companions, smelling its 
blood, gather round it and try to make it rise, and even lick 
its wounds; or they go on grazing, apparently thinking 
that their companion has lain down to rest. Meanwhile 
the hunter’s rifle is busy, shot upon shot is heard, and vic- 
tim after victim falls, until, either because there are no more 
to kill, or because he is surfeited with slaughter, he rises 
and surveys his conquest.* 

The buffalo was a difficult animal to kill. A ball upon 
its shaggy head or neck fell off as from a panoply of steel. 
Wounds in the nether portion of the body were rarely fatal. 
It was only in the region of the heart that the blow was 
sure, and the Indians and white hunters sought out this 
region in all their attacks. The animal was not ordinarily 
pugnacious or dangerous, and only when smarting with its 
wounds would it turn upon its enemy. But its rage at such 
times made it a formidable adversary, and lucky was the 
hunter who could keep out of its way. 

In the spring of the year when the ice moved on the 
Missouri river, great numbers of these animals were 
drowned in attempting to cross after the ice had become 
broken up. In some years their bodies floated down the 
stream in such numbers as to render the air almost unendur- 


* An instance of this, in which the hunter was the well-known adopt- 
ed Crow chief, Edward Rose, is related in the Journal of the Atkinson 
Expedition of 1825, where an account is given of the killing of six 
buffalo. “Rose, an interpreter, one of the party, covered himself 
with bushes, and crawled into the gang of these bulls, and shot down 
the six on the same ground before the others ran off.” 


BUFFALO BUTCHERING. rons 


able to boat crews on their way up the river. It was a very 
singular thing that the Indians liked this kind of buffalo 
meat better than any other, and no matter how advanced in 
decomposition it might be, they would tow it ashore and 
use it in preference to fresh meat. 

The butchering of the slain buffalo, as practiced by the 
American hunter, was an art sui generis. It proceeded in 
exactly the opposite way from that employed in dressing 
domestic cattle. Instead of turning the body upon its back, 
it was placed in a reverse position, and held there by spread- 
ing out its legs to serve as props. The skin was then parted 
along the spine and cleaved down the sides. The rest of 
the process depended for thoroughness upon the wants of ' 
the party. If meat was plentiful only the choicest parts 
were taken. The tongue, hump ribs, and fleece fat were 
always included, as well as the marrow bones, and gener- 
ally the gall and the liver. As piece after piece was severed 
from the trunk, it was deposited in a pile on the clean grass, 
and after the butchering was over it was packed on the 
horses or mules and borne to camp. 

The hungry hunters did not by any means always await 
the slow process of cooking, although this was rushed to 
the utmost. Some would take the choicest parts and eat 
them au naturel, while others would pare from the roast 
rarely done slices and keep it turning and cooking anew. 
Voracious appetites were one of the features of life upon 
the plains, and the richest repast which the wealth and lux- 
ury of cities could afford was nothing to the crude meals of 
buffalo meat around the unsheltered camp fires on the broad 
prairies. 

It is difficult to appreciate, at this distant day, how de- 
pendent upon the existence of one species another can be, 
as illustrated in the relation of the buffalo to the Indian, 
and it will not excite surprise to know that the one entered 
largely into the religious life of the other. Many customs 
and ceremonies had reference to it, and with the dying war- 
riors were always buried the implements of the chase for 


816 NUMBERS OF THE BUFFALO. 


use in the Spirit Land. It is also easy to understand with 
what prophetic vision the Indian saw the downfall of his race 
linked with the extermination of the buffalo, and could 


_ measure his own decline by the rate at which these animals 


were disappearing before the advance of civilization. 

It remains to touch upon the territorial range and incon- 
ceivable numbers of the buffalo in the days of its unlimited 
growth. The researches of naturalists have shown pretty 
clearly that it roamed over all the country between the 
Alleghenies and the Rocky mountains. There is no satis- 
factory evidence that it ranged extensively on the coast, or 
beyond or within the mountains on either side. Its later 
appearance as far west as the Salt Lake Valley was prob- 
ably due to pressure from the east. North and south it 
roamed from near the Gulf to as far as 60° north latitude. 
At the time of which this history treats, the buffalo had en- 
tirely disappeared from east of the Mississippi, and in 1807 
had already receded as far as to the 97th meridian. It was a 
common saying during the era of the fur trade that the buf- 
falo was retreating before the white man at the rate of ten 
miles a year, and this is perhaps not an exaggerated meas- 
ure of his certain and continuous disappearance. 

The multitude of these animals, even in later years, was, 
from all obtainable evidence, literally innumerable. There 
have been many attempts to estimate his probable number, 
from the size of particular herds, from the quantities of 
bones collected since his extermination and from other data; 
but while the attempt can, of course, never succeed with 
the least degree of precision, the proof is incontrovertible 
that they numbered millions and millions. It is a well- 
vouched fact that railroad trains have been stopped to let 
the herds pass over the track, while the delay of steam- 
boats on the Missouri from a similar cause was by no means 
a rare occurrence. The innumerable trails worn by these 
animals may still be seen in many places, silent but impres- 
sive proofs of the vastness of the multitudes that used them. 

Marvelous, however, as were the numbers of the buffalo, 


COMMERCIAL VALUE OF THE BUFFALO. S17 


their complete disappearance from the face of the earth is 
more marvelous still. Ages of geological history were re- 
quired to bring about the decline and disappearance of 
species that once flourished here, but the avarice of the 
hunter and trapper and the wanton cruelty of the sports- 
man have sufficed to exterminate the buffalo in the space 
of a single generation.” 

The chief articles of commerce obtained from the buffalo 
were his skin, tongue, and tallow. In the matter of bulk, if 
not in number, the buffalo robes exceeded all other furs com- 
bined. They were mostly shipped from the immediate val- 
ley of the Missouri, because their weight and bulk made 
transportation by caravan difficult. The American Fur 
Company sent down to St. Louis, in 1840, 67,000 robes. In 
1848 there were received at St. Louis 110,000 robes and 
other skins, mostly buffalo. These robes were scattered all 
over the United States and Europe and were everywhere 
used for laprobes and overcoats. A few of these old gar- 
ments may still be seen in the West. 

The quantity of tongues annually sent down to St. Louis 
was immense and in the single year 1848 reached the num- 
ber of 25,000. Tallow was likewise extensively shipped. 
A novel method of transporting it occasionally resorted to 
was to fill log canoes or dugouts with it, close them over 


?Some of the causes which contributed to the rapid disappearance 
of the buffalo are noted by Dr. F. V. Hayden who visited the Upper 
Missouri county several times between 1850 and 1860: “As near as I 
could ascertain, about 250,000 individuals are destroyed every year, 
about 100,000 being killed for robes. At the present time, the number 
of males to the females seems to be in the ratio of ten to one, and 
this fact is readily accounted for from the fact that the males are 
seldom killed when the cows can be obtained. Skins of females only 
are used for robes, and are preferred for food. Besides the robes 
which are traded to the whites by the Indians, each man, woman, 
and child requires from one to three robes a year for clothing. 

A large quantity are employed in the manufacture of lodges, and an 
immense number of animals, which it would be difficult to estimate, are 
annually destroyed by wolves and by accidents.” 

Trans. Am. Phil. Soc. vol. XII. New Series, p. 151. 


818 THE AMERICAN BEAVER. 


tightly with skins and let them float down the river. 

The great importance of the BEAVER in the life of the 
hunter and trapper arose almost entirely from the commer- 
cial value of its fur, which is one of the finest that nature 
produces. At this early period in particular it was in great 
demand. An average price was four dollars per pound, and 
as the little animal carried from one-to two pounds on its 
body the premium for its destruction was from four to ten 
dollars, according to its size and the prevailing price of furs. 
As the streams of the West — of the whole country for that 
matter — originally swarmed with these animals in num- 
bers that rivaled the illimitable buffalo herds of the plains, 
it will be readily understood what a mine of wealth here lay 
open to the industry of the trader and trapper. 

Every stream of the West was as rich as if sands of gold 
covered its bottoms—a richness, moreover, which, if 
- gathered with judgment and not to the degree of extermina- 
tion, would renew itself by natural increase. 

The American beaver (Castor Canadensis) is a small 
animal, of very striking appearance and of amphibious hab- 
its. It is never found except near watercourses and only 
near those which are lined with shrubbery. As with the 
whole animal kingdom, its peculiar methods of life have 
the single aim of securing it food, shelter, and protection. 
The beaver and his family live in lodges which are built 
near the shore, with the living room above water, but with 
a sub-aqueous passage whose outer opening is in the stream. 
In small streams, where the water is too shallow to conceal 
this passageway, or protect it from ice in the winter, the bea- 
ver builds dams to increase its depth. This part of his do- 
mestic economy makes the beaver a unique creature in the 
animal creation. It is the wonder of engineers how he can 
accomplish what he does. It is true that the dams are never 
high, only two or three feet, and much oftener less; but 
even for that height it is astonishing how such structures 
can withstand the pressure against them; for they are 
nothing but masses of sticks piled together in all directions 


SAGACITY OF THE, BEAVER. 819 


and plastered up with mud. They are very effective, how- 
ever, and nature soon strengthens them by causing 
shrubbery to grow upon them until finally they are so firmly 
interwoven with roots that they resist the stoutest floods. 
Moreover, the beaver believes in maintaining what he has 
built and so goes over his work with regular annual repairs. 
These are made both upon the dam and the lodge late in 
the season when the beaver is ready to house himself for 
the winter. 

The cutting of trees by the beaver has a threefold pur- 
pose — the construction of the dam, the building of the 
house, and the supply of food. The beaver’s diet is vege- 
table, and mainly the bark of trees, soft shrubs and the like. 
A large supply of sticks sufficient for the winter’s need is 
gathered every fall. As the bark is gnawed from these dur- 
ing the winter they are carried out of the lodge and thrown 
either on the dam for use in reinforcing it or into the stream 
below, where they are washed away. 

The beaver is often given more credit for sagacity in fell- 
ing trees than he deserves. One has but to examine his 
work to see that he has comparatively little idea of the art 
as a successful woodsman practices it. He gnaws around 
the entire circumference and with a tree standing vertical 
his work would not have perceptible influence upon the 
direction of falling. But as it is usually the case that trees 
on the bank of a stream lean towards it, such trees when cut 
off, fall into the stream. The beaver shows no sagacity in 
this, unless in selecting those trees that have a decided incli- 
nation from the vertical and in the direction in which he 
wishes them to fall. 

With that wonderful adaptation which nature shows in all 
her works, the anatomical makeup of the beaver is admirably 
suited to his mode of life. For cutting wood he has four 
powerful incisor teeth, two in each jaw, deeply planted, and 
curved in form, the upper ones being something more than 
a semicircle, and the lower ones something less. Powerful 
jaw muscles enable him to do his work, while extraordinary 


820 TRAPPING THE BEAVER. 


salivary glands provide the means of digesting his peculiarly 
dry and hard food. The tail of the beaver, like a powerful 
sculling oar, makes him a successful and expert navigator, 
while it enables him, with the further aid of his peculiarly 
shaped hind legs, to sit bolt upright when engaged in the 
work of cutting down trees. 

As beaver fur was the great staple of the fur trade, and 
widely sought everywhere, trappers became very expert in 
their knowledge of the habits of the little animal and the 
best methods of taking him. They could readily tell, from 
the appearance of a lodge, the probable number of inmates 
and where they could most successfully entrap them. The 
universal mode of taking the beaver was with the steel trap, 
in the use of which long experience had taught the hunters 
great skill. The trap is a strong one of about five pounds’ 
weight, and was valued in the fur trade period at twelve to 
sixteen dollars. The chain attached to the trap is about five 
feet long, with a swivel near the end to keep it from kinking. 
The trapper, in setting the trap, wades into the stream. so 
that his tracks may not be apparent; plants his trap in three 
or four inches of water a little way from the bank, and 
fastens the chain to a strong stick, which he drives into the 
bed of the stream at the full chain length from the trap. 
Immediately over the trap.a little twig is set so that one end 
shall be about four inches above the surface of the water. 
On this is put a peculiar bait, supplied by the animal itself, 
castor, castorum, or musk, the odor of which has a great 
attraction for the beaver. To reach the bait he raises his 
mouth toward it and in this act brings his feet directly under 
it. He thus treads upon the trap, springs it and is caught. 
In his fright he seeks concealment by his usual method of 
diving into deep water, but finds himself held by the chain 
which he can not gnaw in two, and after an ineffectual strug- 
gle, he sinks to the bottom and is drowned. Not infre- 
quently he wrests the chain from the stake, drags the trap 
to deeper water before he succumbs, or, taking it to the 
shore, becomes entangled in the undergrowth. In such 


USES OF THE BEAVER. S21 


cases he may cause the trapper much laborious and uncom- 
fortable search, particularly if he has to wade deep streams 
in cold weather. 

Generally the beaver was skinned near the place of its cap- 
ture, and only the skin, the tail, and the castorum glands 
were taken to camp. Here other persons than the trappers 
attended to the work of cleaning, dressing, curing, and 
properly marking the skins. On the average it took about 
eighty skins to make a pack of one hundred pounds, the 
value of which was from three to five hundred dollars in the 
mountains. The packs were prepared with the utmost care, 
the choicest furs being placed in the inside. The great 
value of such property caused it to be guarded with much 
solicitude, for a single Indian could carry away, unaided, 
the rich produce of a year’s hard labor. 

The flesh of the beaver, except the tail, was not used for 
food, unless in scarcity of other supply. The tail was con- 
sidered one of the richest delicacies which the mountains 
afforded, taking rank with the most favored parts of the 
buffalo. 

The beaver also supplied another article of commerce, a 
secretion from two small glands in its body. This was 
always known in the commerce of the mountains as casto- 
rum. In the arts it is more commonly called castor. In 
the mountains its value was about three dollars a pound. 
The castorum was used as the beaver’s bait, and thus the lit- 
tle animal itself supplied the means of alluring its race to 
destruction. 

The extensive use of beaver fur in the early years of the 
century caused an immense exportation from America to 
Europe, reaching as high as 200,000 skins annually. This 
great draught on the supply led to the rapid extermination 
of the beaver. It so happened, however, that at the time 
when this process had begun to show its effects, an unfa- 
vorable change came over the beaver market of Europe 
which helped to counteract it. Silk largely supplanted the 
use of this fur in the manufacture of hats, while other kinds 


822 THE GRIZZLY BEAR. 


of fur took its place in other uses. The price fell so that the 
trapping was no longer profitable, and nature, responding 
to the relief thus produced, began to recuperate her re- 
sources. In later years, although the price of beaver did 
not fully recover its old figure, its exportation began to 
increase, until it finally very nearly recovered its former 
magnitude. 

The king of American wild beasts was the GRIZZLY 
BEAR (Ursus horribilis), the only animal which the hunter 
looked upon as really dangerous. It is distinguished from 
any other species of bear by several marked characteristics, 
such as the facial profile, shape of anterior claws, color of 
hair, and lack of ability to climb trees. The color varies 
greatly, and the name grizzly is not an inapt description of 
it, although the preponderance of white was such, in the 
average specimen, that the name “ white bear’’ was more 
commonly used by the hunter. In size the grizzly bear 
averaged about six feet in length from nose to tip of tail, 
but they were often found to measure nine, and instances 
are mentioned of the enormous length of fourteen feet. A 
weight of five hundred pounds was common. The grizzly 
was an exceedingly powerful animal, and extremely tena- 
cious of life. He was not naturally pugnacious; very rarely 
attacked a man without provocation, and even when 
wounded frequently attempted to escape. But at such times 
it was the general experience that he was disposed to fight, 
and if thoroughly roused his strength and rage were terrible. 
It was often noted as a remarkable fact that when struck 
by a bullet he started instantly in the direction from which 
it came without waiting to see his enemy. However this 
may be, when once launched on his work of revenge, noth- 
ing could withstand him. His attack was from a standing 
position, first by means of a blow from his fore-foot, which 
was then followed by gnashing and tearing with mouth and 
claws. 

It was always of the first importance for the hunter to 
aim well in attacking these dangerous brutes. A shot be- 


UNLUCKY ENCOUNTERS. 823 


tween the eyes or behind the ear was most effectual, for 
bears have been known to survive several minutes and run 
a long distance after being shot through the heart. The 
great danger to the hunter was that of being caught with an 
empty gun after having inflicted a wound not mortal. It 
required coolness and composure rarely exemplified to stand 
and face calmly an enraged grizzly, even with a gun loaded. 
““ Never be alarmed at a bear’s rush”’ says a hunter of expe- 
rience. “‘‘ Never fire in a hurry. The bear will always 
stop, rise on his hind legs, and prepare to strike a sidelong 
blow with his fore feet. At this moment, when his head 
is extended, and in a position in which the ball will not 
glance, aim between the eyes and fire, and the bear will fall 
dead. Very good) advice,» but it’ would: have been 
much more to the point to have given a recipe for cool 
nerves and the power to await calmly the approach of the 
ferocious monster, deliberately calculating the precise spot 
and moment for the fatal blow. The same authority adds 
that “two hunters of experience, armed with breech loaders, 
never hesitate to attack a bear. While he prepares to strike 
one, they will both get a good shot, one in front and the 
other behind the ears.” : 

We find that all unlucky encounters with grizzly bears 
have resulted from this one cause: that the bear has been 
wounded, but not fatally, and has turned upon his assailant 
before the latter could reload his rifle or escape; or has so 
terrified the other hunters that they have either forgotten to 
shoot, or have lost the power of effective aim. The history 
of the fur trade is full of incidents of this nature. The 
majority were harmless and even ludicrous, but many 
resulted in injuries of a serious nature, while there were not 
a few instances of actual death. 

One of the most noted encounters with a grizzly bear in 
the whole history of the west was that of Hugh 
Glass in 1823. This remarkable episode is made the 
subject of a separate chapter in another section of this work. 
The fury of the bear in his attack upon Glass was terrible, 


824 FATAL ADVENTURE OF ANDREW SUBLETTE. 


and left the victim in a state in which all hope of recovery 
was despaired of. 

Another instance, and this time a fatal one, occurred near 
a camp of hunters on Purgatory river, in the present state 
of Colorado, November 13, 1831. It was perhaps the only 
instance on record where a grizzly has been known to climb 
a tree after its victim, but it appears that the tree was very 
much inclined, so that the bear had no difficulty in walking 
npnus 

Another fatal encounter brings up a well-known name 
in the fur trade history of the West— that of the Sublettes. 
Andrew, one of the four Sublette brothers, of St. Louis, 
went to California after the discovery of gold there, and 
settled near Los Angeles. Grizzly bears of more than ordi- 
narily ferocious type abounded there. The Indians rarely 
molested them, nor the Spaniards either, except when com- 
pelled to from their frequency around the ranches. But 
Sublette was not of this disposition. A famous bear hunter, 
passionately fond of the sport, he lost no time in testing the 
reputed qualities of the California type. In one of his 
encounters, accompanied by a powerful dog, himself a good 
bear fighter, he wounded one bear, when its mate suddenly 
pounced upon him from the bushes. With unloaded gun, 
he was compelled to battle with the aid of his dog and knife 
alone. He slew both the bears, but himself received wounds 
from which he never recovered. A pathetic feature of this 
incident was the faithfulness of the dog, not only on the 
field of battle, but by the sick bed, and afterward by his 
master’s grave, where he lingered inconsolable, refusing 
food and drink, until death came to his relief. 

It would be easy to multiply these incidents, for they were 
of frequent occurrence, and are well attested by reputable 
witnesses. They all justify the propriety of the zoological 
name — ursus horribilis. 

The fur of the grizzly bear did not have a high value, 


* This incident is related in the Journal of Jacob Fowler, edited by 
Dr. Elliott Coues, F. P. Harper, New York, 1808, p. 41. 


THE BLACK BEAR. 825 


although it was generally saved, as opportunity afforded, 
and sent to market. 

The BLACK BEAR (Ursus Americanus) was everywhere 
met with in the mountainous regions. It was an inoffen- 
sive animal and rarely dangerous, even when wounded. Its 
fur was valuable, and formed a regular part of the trade. 


CTUAP EER WiLT 
FAUNA. 


OTHER SPECIES OF INTEREST IN THE FUR TRADE, 


The fur-bearing animals — The elk— The deer— The antelope — 
The mountain sheep — The wolf — The panther — The prairie dog — 
The horse — The dog — The term “ game” — Birds of little importance 
in the fur trade — Fishes — The salmon —Its great importance — De- 
scription — Method of capture—The rattlesnake — The mosquito — 
Ants and grasshoppers — The honey bee. 


Wo the beaver, there were many other animals 
which had no particular value except for their fine 
furs. Among these may be mentioned the large red, com- 
mon red, and silver Foxes (vulpes macruris, fuluus and 
argentalis); the oTTER (lutra Canadensis); the MINK 
(putorius vision); the RACCOON (procyon hernandezt) ; 
several varieties of SQUIRREL (sciwrus) ; POLE CAT (Mephitis 
mephitica); and the MUSKRAT (ondetra gibethicus). All 
of these animals were regularly hunted, and their furs were 
annually shipped in considerable quantities to St. Louis. 
None of them present any particular features of interest. 
The ELK (cervus Canadensis, or American elk,) was 
always an important animal to the hunter and trapper, 
although for its flesh mainly. Next to the buffalo it was 
probably the most generally eaten. Its wide distribution, 
large size, and comparative ease of capture made it a great 
resource when buffalo could not be had. Its meat was 
excellent, and a good elk steak ranked well with domestic 
beef. The hide of the elk was but little used, except for 
certain special purposes, being inferior for general use to 
that of other wild animals. Its horns, likewise, were not 
used, except in ornamentation. Fences were made of them, 


THE ANTELOPE. 827 


doorways were ornamented with them, and in a variety of 
ways the stately antlers of this noble animal did service in 
adorning the abodes of men.’ 

There were various species of DEER, the most prominent 
of which were the blacktail, or mule deer (cariacus macro- 
tis), and the common deer (cariacus Virgimanus). Of 
these the first was considered the most important as game, 
and ranked with the elk in this regard. The deer was an 
excellent object for the sportsman’s rifle, and good meat 
for his camp. The skin also was an important article of 
commerce; and shaved deer skins in particular formed no 
inconsiderable part of the cargoes which the American Fur 
Company brought annually from the Indian country. 

The ANTELOPE (antilocapra Americana) was one of 
the most interesting animals of the plains, although of little 
practical importance except for food, and then only when 
other game was scarce. Its flesh was considered very good, 
and it is said that its hide was used for saddles. Its great 
attraction for the hunter lay in its remarkably agile and 
watchful habits, which made its capture difficult, and an 
excellent test of sportsmanlike skill. 

The antelope has been called the gazelle of the prairies, 
and was the swiftest animal of the plains. It was quick of 
sight, acute of ear and smell, and ever alert for danger. Its 
flight was rarely direct, but broken and irregular, now this 
way and now that, pausing every little while to look at its 
pursuer, until finally it would disappear. 

It was generally seen on the prairies in groups, rarely, 
however, within gunshot, or in depressions, where it could 
be approached under cover. It is said of the antelope that 
its curiosity afforded the surest way to capture it, and no 
less an authority than Audubon confirms this statement 

*In the thirties there was a notable monument of elk horns on the 
prairie near the Missouri river above the mouth of the Yellowstone. 
It had been gradually built up by the Indians, who, whenever they 
passed, placed each a brace of antlers upon it, until, at the time of 


Maximilian’s visit in 1833, it was about eighteen feet high and fifteen 
feet through at the base, forming a most unusual and striking object. 


828 THE MOUNTAIN SHEEP. 


from his own experience. The usual method was to take 
a piece of red or scarlet cloth and tie it to a stick or ramrod. 
Then the hunter would lie down upon the prairie and alter- 
nately raise and lower the cloth. The curiosity of the ante- 
lope would be aroused, and he would circle round and round 
the spot, gradually coming nearer and nearer, his head erect, 
his movements full of suspicion, yet unable to overcome his 
curiosity at the strange object before him, until he would 
finally approach within the range of the hunter’s rifle. 

The MOUNTAIN SHEEP (Ahsata, or bighorn), the 
grosse corne of the French (Ovis Montana), was to the Bad 
Lands and the mountains what the antelope was to the prai- 
rie: one of the most difficult animals to capture. Wonder- 
fully agile, it possessed a skill in climbing rugged places 
and in getting about among crags and precipices that has 
ever been the wonder of those familiar with its performances. 
_ Its home was in the mountainous country, and as its color 
was not easily distinguishable from its environment, it was 
more generally observed when in its favorite position on the 
crests of cliffs, where its form stood out in clear relief 
against the sky. Among these inaccessible fastnesses the 
bighorn reared its young, and here was its sure refuge from 
its enemies. It derived a large part of its subsistence from 
the scanty herbage of these places, although it descended 
to the valleys for the more abundant grass to be found 
there. 

The most striking feature in the appearance of the animal 
is its enormous head, neck, and horns. In a specimen men- 
tioned by Irving, the horns were three feet eight inches long, 
and five inches through at the base. It is hard to conceive 
what use nature can have designed for such a ponderous 
impediment. It was a common belief among the hunters 
that the animal made use of its horns in leaping from cliff 
to cliff. Where the distance was too great to alight in 
safety upon its feet, it was said to fall upon its enormous 
horns, which, with its powerful neck, easily withstood the 
shock. There is no evidence that this theory was correct, 


THE WOLF. 829 


although it is interesting enough to make one wish it were. 
The broken horns of the male, often observed, are not, 
according to Audubon, due to this cause, as many hunters 
suppose, but to battles which the animals indulge in with 
each other. 

The flesh of the bighorn was of excellent quality, and 
was rated among some Indian tribes as superior to buffalo 
meat. The great difficulty of procuring it, however, made 
it something of a rarity. No important commercial use 
was made of the skin or other parts of the animal; but its 
head and horns have always had a high value for ornamen- 
tation. 

The wor was the most ignoble of the inhabitants of 
the plains. It personified cowardice, beggary, craftiness, 
deceit, mercilessness, and all the group of evil qualities that 
are comprised in the term wolfishness. It was the shark of 
the plains, and it followed the caravans for whatever it 
might find along the route, such as the refuse of camps, or 
the remains of buffalo and other game slain by the hunters. 
It delighted to disinter the bodies of persons who died on 
the way, and only the most thorough protection could save 
the graves of the dead from this desecration. It was essen- 
tially a cowardly animal, and attacked only the feeble and 
young, unless with overpowering numbers. Bands of 
wolves would indeed slay huge buffalo by their incessant 
annoyances; some say by constantly biting at the buffalo’s 
tongue until it was destroyed, when death would result from 
starvation ; others by biting the tendons of the legs until the 
animal was disabled, when it could be safely dispatched. 
Its methods were always stealthy and its attacks indirect. 
In the night it filled the air with its unearthly and hideous 
howlings, and gave an impression of power out of all pro- 
portion to what it really possessed. Such was the wolf, an 
animal of little value to man, yet one that he had to take 
account of because of its troublesome habits. We shall 
notice but two of its varieties. 

The American GREY WOLF (Camts lupus Occidentalis) was 


830 THE PANTHER. 


the largest of the wolves and the most troublesome. Its 
length was about three feet and its color a dingy grey, 
though subject to much variation. ‘The animal was rarely, 
if ever, known to attack man, even when impelled by 
extreme hunger. On the prairies it was generally found in 
the vicinity of buffalo herds, where it attacked the feeble 
and broken-down animals or the young calves. It is often 
said that wolves killed buffaloes and even the fleet antelope 
by chasing them in a circle, being frequently relieved by 
fresh runners, until the victim fell from exhaustion. Exam- 
ples have been known where wolves have killed tethered ani- 
mals during the night, and have also dragged articles almost 
from under the heads of the sleeping owners. ‘They were 
thus always a source of extreme annoyance. 

A much smaller species of wolf, but an exceedingly com- 
mon one, was the covoTE (Camis latrans). It was a cow- 
ardly animal, rarely venturing, even in numbers, to attack 
large game, but its depredations in a smaller way, and its 
irrepressible nightly howlings, made it one of the greatest 
nuisances of the plains. 

These are the two varieties of wolf which mainly con- 
cerned the trapper. They were never used for food except 
in case of necessity. The skin of the grey wolf, though 
gathered to some extent, was not of great value in the 
market, and formed an insignificant part of the trade. 

The AMERICAN PANTHER (Felts concolor), the “ paint- 
er” of the trappers, is of very little importance in fur 
trade history. Its flesh, however, was accounted the 
choicest which the wilderness afforded, not excepting even 
the tail of the beaver or the most delicate morsels from the 
buffalo. “ Painter meat’? was the synonym of anything 
which was particularly excellent. 

The witp cat (Lynx rufus), and the COLUMBIA LYNX 
(Lynx Canadensis), were met with in different parts of the 
west, but received only scant attention from the hunters. 

The PRAIRIE DOG (Cynomys Ludovicianus) is one of 
the most numerous and interesting, yet utterly useless, ani- 


THE PRAIRIE DOG. 831 


mals of the prairies, and is referred to here, not because the 
hunter derived any benefit from it, either for food or fur, but 
because it always excited the curiosity of travelers in that 
country. There is no quadruped of the plains that receives 
more attention in the narratives of the time than does the 
prairie dog. | 

As seen in different localities it varies greatly in size, in 
some places being fully fifteen inches in length, and in others 
scarcely five. Whether these differences are specific or not 
is not clear. The little animal resembles slightly in form 
and habits the woodchuck or ground hog of the East. It 
is much smaller, however, lighter in color, and more grega- 
rious in its habits. It burrows in the ground as the wood- 
chuck does, but always in villages or colonies, and such a 
thing as the solitary dwelling of a prairie dog is scarcely 
to be seen. Its “towns” or “villages” usually contain a 
great number of habitations, and the passerby will see the 
white mounds, where the earth has been thrown out of the 
holes, scattered thickly in every direction. Upon these he 
will find the little inmates gathered singly or in groups, 
some sitting erect on their haunches, others with their heads 
aimed toward the holes ready to dart in on the instant, and 
others still capering from one mound to another. They set 
up a shrill but diminutive yelp, which, in a large town, 
makes a continual clatter. Upon the too near approach of 
the visitor they utter a succession of these yelps, shake their 
short tails with incredible rapidity, and dart into their holes. 
So remarkably quick are they in concealing themselves that 
it is only with great difficulty that they can be taken. It 
requires a good shot to hit one, and then the chances are 
that even if the shot is mortal the animal will escape beyond 
reach before it dies. Attempts to drown the dogs out of 
their holes, and likewise to dig them out, have almost invari- 
ably proved unsuccessful. 

The prairie dog dwells always upon the arid prairie, and 
feeds exclusively upon the short prairie grass. It would 
seem that it lives without water. The towns make danger- 


/ 


832 THE HORSE. 


ous ground for horseback riding, on account of the frequent 
holes, in which the horses are liable to stumble. 

A remarkable peculiarity of these villages is that they are 
likewise inhabited by the rattlesnake and a species of owl. 
Stansbury says that in passing through one of these towns 
several of the dogs were shot by members of the party, but 
when it was attempted to reach into the holes and pull 
them out, they were invariably met with the ominous rattle 
of the dreaded reptile. Whether the rattlesnake and the 
owl are enemies or friends of the prairie dog, naturalists 
have left undetermined, but it would hardly seem as if such 
close companionship could be compatible with very bitter 
enmity. 

The HorsE (Equus Caballus), in its wild or domesti- 
cated state, was everywhere met with throughout the West 
during the period of the fur trade. It was, however, a com- 
paratively recent arrival there, for it was not native to 
America, but was a descendant from the horse introduced 
by the Spaniards into Mexico. It multiplied with great 
rapidity, and in its wild state overspread the southern plains, 
where it was captured by the Indians and scattered over 
every part of the West. The wild horse or mustang of the 
southern plains was very common in the early times of the 
Santa Fe Trail. He is described as a very beautiful animal 
when wild, although presenting nothing of extraordinary 
attraction when reduced to a domesticated condition. The 
mustangs generally moved in droves of considerable size, 
and occasionally caused the trader no little trouble by dash- 
ing in among his stock. The latter were much more in- 
clined to adopt the habits of the mustang than the former 
the restraints of domestic bondage. 

The mustang was an animal of considerable commercial 
importance, and thousands of them were caught for the 
market. They were generally taken with the lasso, and 
were easily tamed. A method of capture sometimes re- 
sorted to was that of “ creasing,” which consisted in shoot- 
ing a rifle ball through the top of the neck so as to cut a 


IMPORTANCE OF THE HORSE. 833 


nerve at that point. The animal was rendered momentarily 
insensible, and before he recovered was securely fastened. 
This method required such fine marksmanship as to be 
rarely resorted to, on account of the large proportion of ani- 
mals killed. Pike relates that the Mexicans sometimes 
caught them by means of an artificial enclosure similar to 
the buffalo pen of the northern Indians. 

There was a tradition in the early days of a mustang 
of marvelous beauty, a stallion, perfect in form and milk- 
white in color save for a pair of black ears. It was as fleet 
as it was beautiful, and no horseman was ever able to take 
it. It was reported to have been seen in nearly every part 
of the West, but its existence was doubtless one of those 
myths which always abound in a country not yet reduced to 
a matter-of-fact civilization. 

The horse of the Indian was an animal of the greatest use- 
fulness to the tribes, as indeed it has been to the human race 
in all ages. The Indian pony was an inferior animal to the 
breeds which have been developed in civilized communities, 
but it was nevertheless strong and enduring, and seemed to 
fit in perfectly with the Indian’s mode of life. So important 
were these animals that their capture or theft was considered 
the greatest object of Indian wars and forays, and innu- 
merable were the hostile encounters of which they have been 
the cause. 

The importance of the horse in the business of the fur 
trade can scarcely be overestimated. Except in the imme- 
diate vicinity of the Missouri river it was the universal reli- 
ance for transportation. It was the hunter’s inseparable 
companion, and its loss was about the greatest calamity 
he could suffer. Many a promising venture has ended in 
disaster because of the loss of horses. The guarding of 
these animals against the cunning wiles of the Indians was 
an object of never-ending solicitude, and many were the 
lives lost in repelling attempts to steal them. 

Scarcely less in importance to the Indian than the horse 
was the Doc, a long, slender, wolfish animal, whose gen- 


534 MEANING OF THE TERM GAME. 


eral appearance clearly denoted its consanguinity with the 
cowardly denizens of the plains. The Indian dog was an 
inseparable feature of Indian life. They were present in 
large numbers in every village, and white visitors found 
them an intolerable nuisance. Before the advent of horses 
among the Indians, dogs were used as beasts of burden, and 
continued to be so used in later times in the winter season, 
when they were the only animal that could successfully stand 
the long sled journeys over the snow. The flesh of the dog 
was the greatest delicacy the Indian could offer his guest, 
and all narratives of Western adventure abound in refer- 
ences to this hospitality so repugnant to the white man, but 
which he perforce must accept in order to avoid giving 
offence to his host. 

This may be a proper place to consider the meaning of the 
term “game” as used by the hunters. It referred to those 
animals whose flesh was good for food, and which were 
regularly sought by the hunter for that purpose, and in- 
cluded not only several of the quadrupeds already noticed, 
but certain of the birds and fishes presently to be referred 
to. The presence of game in the different sections of the 
country was one of the most uncertain things that hunters 
or trappers had to consider, and its varying quantity at dif- 
ferent times was a phenomenon which it is difficult to 
explain. At one time it was found in plenty; at another, in 
the same locality, it was impossible to find enough to save 
one from starvation. All books of early Western travel 
complain of the scarcity of game, some in this place, some 
in that. The truth seems to be that a migratory habit was 
characteristic of all game, and it did not remain in any 
fixed locality. Doubtless careful observation and study 
might have discovered the law of these movements, so that 
it could have been predicted where the game was most liable 
to be found at certain seasons. But this was never done, 
and the hunter was therefore always vibrating between 
plenty and want — this week luxuriating in the wealth of 
buffalo meat, and the next reduced to the very brink of star- 


BIRDS. 835 


vation. A precarious sort of life was that which relied for 
subsistence solely upon the capture of game. 

The winged portion of the animal creation in the Far West 
filled a very small place in the life of the hunter and trapper. 
In a land of large game, the hunting of birds had little 
attraction, for ordinarily meat could be much more easily 
procured from other sources. On the lower Missouri and 
in the southwest the wild turkey abounded, and was exten- 
sively used for food. Everywhere upon the water courses 
wild geese and the several varieties of ducks were met with 
and were often captured by the hunters when nothing better 
was at hand. The same was true of the numerous varieties 
of ground birds, such as the prairie chicken, sage hens, 
grouse, pheasants, and the like. For the capture of winged 
game, whether birds of the bush or water fowl, the hunters 
attached to the large parties regularly carried fowling pieces. 

As to the other birds, they have no practical connection 
with the business of the fur trade. The swan, eagle, crane, 
hawk, raven, magpie, and buzzard abounded, some very 
generally, others in certain localities, but the hunter had 
little use for them, unless he sought to imitate the Indian by 
ornamenting his person with their plumes and feathers. 

Fishes, likewise, with few exceptions, were of small im- 
portance in fur trade history. The numerous species that 
inhabited the Missouri were used to a considerable extent 
at the trading posts. The mountain trout, where they 
could be found, were also used in times of necessity. For 
the most part, however, the catching of fish was pretty tame 
sport, and never a substantial resource for food. 

The principal exception to this general rule was the 
SALMON (Oncorhynchus chavicha), whose home was on 
the Columbia and its tributaries. This wonderful fish was 
to the tribes of the lower Columbia what the buffalo was 
to those on the plains, so far at least as it was possible for 
one to supply the place of the other. The salmon, of which 
there were several varieties on the Columbia, was a large fish, 
weighing from fifteen to twenty-five pounds, with frequent 


836 THE SALMON. 


specimens of a much larger size. The shape of the fish and 
the color of the flesh are well known. Its muscular power 
was very great, and was called into constant play in its 
attempts to ascend the rapids of the rivers. The chief char- 
acteristic of the salmon that has a practical interest in this 
connection is its ascent of the river in the spawning season, 
for it is this that gives the fisherman a chance to exercise 
his trade to great advantage. The salmon begin to ascend 
the river in the month of April, and so vast are its numbers 
that one reputable author, who wrote from personal obser- 
vation, declared that it would be as easy to count the pebbles 
on the beach as the fish in the water. The Columbia and its 
tributaries are obstructed with frequent cataracts and cas- 
cades. Here the salmon find great difficulty in ascending, 
and here they display the great muscular strength which 
they possess. The delay in climbing these rapids causes 
them to accumulate in great numbers immediately below, 
and at these places the fishermen gather to take them. 
Some of the cascades, like the Salmon Falls on the Snake 
river, have been famous fishing points from the earliest 
times. In their long journey up these difficult rivers, the 
labor of ascent wastes their flesh, and their bodies become 
scarred from contact with the rocks, until by the time they 
reach the upper rivers they are reduced to mere skeletons, 
covered over with the mutilations they have undergone. 

The salmon, having reached the remotest headwaters of 
the tributaries, brings forth its young, and never again, it is 
said, descends to the sea. But the young descend in the 
fall, and after a period of four years, according to some 
authorities, themselves ascend the river to the place of their 
birth, which in turn becomes the place where they die. It 
is indeed an interesting order of life, that of the salmon of 
the Columbia river, and it has always had a great attraction 
for observers of nature. 

To the tribes of the lower Columbia, the salmon was the 
principal source of subsistence. Even to the Nez Perces 
and the Shoshones, in the valleys of the Snake and Salmon 


THE RATTLESNAKE. 837 


rivers, it was a great reliance, although those tribes depended 
also upon other game. The Indians took the salmon with 
a kind of seine or basket, and also with the spear, and during 
the fishing season they gathered in great numbers at the 
fishing points, camping along the banks, and covering the 
rocks around with their spears and nets. Not only did the 
Indians live on these fish during the fishing season, but they 
collected a store sufficient for the rest of the year. They 
had a very effectual method of preparing it, similar to that 
of preparing pemmican, another evidence that neither 
canned beef nor canned salmon is a strictly modern inven- 
tion. 

The salmon has become a great article of commerce, and 
fortunately it cannot be exterminated as the buffalo has 
been, although it is said to have been greatly reduced in 
numbers. 

Among reptiles we shall notice only the RATTLE- 
SNAKE (Crotalus confluentus) as the single species that 
played any part of note in the life of the hunter and trap- 
per. The fatal character of the bite of the rattlesnake 
caused it to be regarded with a degree of dread quite out of 
proportion to the real danger. Deaths from its bites were 
of the greatest rarity, particularly among men. Mules and 
horses more frequently suffered. But there were enough of 
these incidents to inspire a respectful dread of the loathsome 
animal, and it was really more of a terror than the grizzly 
itself. Mountaineers who never quailed before a “ white 
bear ” were completely unnerved by the sound of the stealthy 
rattle, and nothing in all their experience was so abhorrent 
as the suspicion that this subtle creature was creeping into 
bed, even if with no other purpose than to avail itself of the 
warmth of the hunter’s body. In many localities these 
snakes swarmed in prodigious numbers. Generally they 
dwelt in crevices in the rocks, and it was not uncommon to 
find them by the hundreds basking in the sun. On the prai- 
ries they were mostly found at the prairie dog villages, not 


838 THE MOSQUITO. 


from any probable affinity for that animal, but because its 
burrows afforded a convenient lodging. 

The size of the rattlesnake varied from two to six feet in 
length. Its distinguishing features were its brownish spot- 
ted color, its teeth, which consisted of two fangs in the upper 
jaw, through which was emitted the fatal poison; its rat- 
tles, which were at the end of the tail, and which gave an 
infallible warning of its presence never to be mistaken by 
one who had heard it; and the peculiar spiral coil into which 
it threw itself whenever it attempted to strike or bite. 

The rattlesnake was not an aggressive reptile, and there 
is no evidence that it ever attacked without provocation, 
although the provocation might be wholly unintentional on 
the part of the offender. Accidents from these snakes most 
often occurred from coming upon them unawares, stepping 
upon them, or otherwise interfering with their liberty. 

The skin of the rattlesnake and its teeth and rattles were 
often used for ornamentation, while its flesh was occasion- 
ally used for food, when necessity compelled a resort to it. 
By some it was considered a delicacy, and it was a common 
saying that, but for the repulsiveness of the reptile itself, its 
flesh would rank with that of other animals. , 

Besides the rattlesnakes, the lizards, horned frogs, and 
similar reptiles are mentioned by the writers in the early 
times, but they played no important part in the life of the 
trapper. 

Among insects, by far the most important, because of its 
intolerable annoyances, was the mosquito (Culex mos- 
quito). Scarcely any other member of the animal kingdom 
received more attention than this from the early traveler. It 
abounded everywhere except upon the naked prairie, and 
was particularly numerous in those places which were most 
frequented by man, the river valleys and the forests which 
lined the streams. So fierce and incessant were their attacks 
that at times they completely absorbed the energies of indi- 
viduals, and have been known to cause the death of horses. 

Strange as it may seem, their strength and voracity 


ee 


ANTS AND GRASSHOPPERS. 839 


increase with the latitude, and they are more terrible the 
farther north they are met. It is as if all their energies were 
concentrated into the shorter season, and that their power 
increased inversely with the length of time in which it was 
exercised. With these explanations the reader of the liter- 
ature of this period will be less inclined to belittle the virility 
of the mountaineer and explorer for giving so much space 
to the consideration of so diminutive a creature. He will 
see how far-reaching may be its influence when it destroys 
the aim of the rifle, interferes with the explorer when mak- 
ing important observations, causes the pilot to let slip his 
wheel in dangerous places, to say nothing of destroying 
sleep and so inflaming the skin as to unfit one for work. Of 
all the pests of the prairies the mosquito was incomparably 
the worst. With it must also be classed the various kinds of 
flies that annoyed the horses at certain seasons. 

In the Great Basin the more degraded nations used ANTS 
for food. They were collected in large quantities, washed 
free from the dirt in which their mounds were built, and 
then crushed into a kind of pastry, which was much rel- 
ished by the Indians. It is also recorded that these insects 
were frequently eaten alive by the handful as scooped up 
from the anthills. 

Father De Smet gives an entertaining account of the use 
which these same Indians make of GRASSHOPPERS and 
of their method of catching them. They begin by digging 
a hole ten or twelve feet in diameter and four or five feet 
deep. They then take long branchs of sage brush and sur- 
round a field of three or four acres, more or less, according 
to the number of persons engaged in the work. They stand 
about twenty feet apart and commence by thrashing the 
ground to frighten up the grasshoppers, thus continually 
driving them towards the pit, until all fall into it. It often 
happens that a few acres will yield enough of these insects 
to fill the hole prepared for them. “ They [the Indians] 
have their tastes like other people” observes Father De 
Smet. ‘“ Some eat the grasshoppers in soup; others mash 


840 THE HONEY BEE. 


them and make a kind of pie of them, which they harden or 
bake in the sun or dry by a fire; others still take pointed 
sticks, on which they string the larger grasshoppers, and 
as fast as they are sufficiently roasted the poor Indians regale 
themselves until the repast is entirely consumed.” 

Another interesting insect that played no inconsiderable 
role in the pioneer period of the country along the lower 
half of the Missouri river, was the common HONEY BEE. 
Like the white man, the bee was an intruder into these 
remote solitudes, where he preceded the settler by only a 
few years. The Indians were accustomed to say that they 
could tell that the white man’s advance was near wherever 
the honey bee came. The abundance of these insects was 
astonishing, if we may accept the many corroborated ac- 
counts of explorers. Their hive was almost always in hol- 
low trees, occasionally, however, in hollows of rocky bluffs. 
So plentiful were the “ bee trees ” in early times that search 
for them in certain localities was as much a part of the 
hunter’s labor as was the search for game. Honey was a 
common article of food on the frontier and considerable 
quantities were at one time shipped to St. Louis. 


CHAPTER VIII. 
NATIVE TRIBES. 


GENERAL OBSERVATIONS. 


The predatory tribes— Their shelter, dress, etc. — Subsistence — 
Methods of life—Good fur gatherers— Their rovings — Permanent 
village tribes — Huts and villages— Convenience of villages for pur- 
poses of trade — Habitat of the stationary tribes — Routine life of the 
tribes — War; its terrible meaning to the Indian — Attraction of In- 
dian life —Its unfortunate extinction — The Algonquian family — The 
Siouan family— The Shoshonean family — Other families — Impor- 
tance of ethnic relations in the life of the tribes. 


HE trans-Mississippi Indian differed in no essential par- 
ticular from his Eastern brother. Such differences as 
there were were those of environment, and these had not 
continued long enough to develop permanent characteristics. 
The denizen of the treeless prairies must needs have led a 
somewhat different life from him of the Eastern forest, but 
not so different that either would have found it difficult to 
adapt himself to the situation of the other. It thus hap- 
pened that the frontiersman of Kentucky or Illinois, who 
had been reared in the midst of savage neighbors, found his 
experience perfectly adapted to the changed conditions of the 
Western plains in his onward march beyond the confines of 
civilization. The Indian there was like the Indian with 
whom he was already familiar, and his fertility of resource 
quickly made him master of the new situation. 

Before taking up a consideration of the separate tribes 
with which the trader had to do, it will be well to note 
those general characteristics which were common to most of 
them. The greater partof the Western tribes were wander- 
ing or predatory, while a few along the Missouri valley and 


842 THE PREDATORY TRIBES. 


in the southwest dwelt in permanent villages. Even the 
predatory tribes had their particular habitat or country, to 
which they always returned from their excursions, but they 
were essentially a nomadic people, moving from place to 
place, and making long journeys for the purposes of the 
chase or of war. 

The shelter of the predatory tribes consisted of the im- 
memorial conical tent or tepee, which was made of poles 
and skins. The poles rested on the ground on the circum- 
ference of a circle, and were bound together in a sheaf near 
the top, leaving a small section of the upper nappe of the 
cone projecting into the air. Upon this framework was 
stretched a covering made of buffalo skins. A hole was 
left at the top for the egress of smoke from the fire, which 
was built in the center of the lodge. A small, low door was 
provided by drawing up from the ground the flap of one 
of the skins. This simply-constructed shelter was exceed- 
ingly comfortable as tents go, and was set up, taken down, 
packed and moved with remarkable facility. 

The Indian’s clothing, before the white man came, was 
made almost exclusively of skins, and was ornamented with 
feathers, the teeth of animals, and numberless other gew- 
gaws, which were obtained from a variety of sources. His 
feet were shod in leather moccasins, and heavy robes gave 
him the extra protection which the colder seasons required. 
In the summer he wore very little clothing, and his children 
practically none. He painted his body in the most gro- 
tesque and repulsive manner, and, among some tribes, even 
resorted to mutilation or deformation. After the trader 
came, the cloth blanket largely replaced the skin robe as 
an article of apparel. 

An Indian chief, decked out in all the finery which sav- 
age ingenuity could devise, was, according to all accounts, 
an imposing personage. His wild and motley apparel 
struck the imagination of the hunters, and they always 
sought to imitate it in their own dress. It is related that 
the free hunter was never more satisfied than when he had 


EXTENSIVE ROVINGS. 843) 


made this imitation so perfect that he was taken for an 
Indian. 

The wandering tribes, and even those who dwelt in per- 
manent villages, were mostly expert horsemen. The horse 
was exceedingly important to their manner of living; and 
the business of securing horses, which was mostly by theft 
from their neighbors, was their highest calling, with the 
exception of war, of which, indeed, it was generally the 
principal motive. 

In moving from place to place, the impedimenta of the 
tribes were loaded by the squaws upon the characteristic 
travois — two long poles crossing over the horse’s back and 
trailing on the ground behind him, with crosspieces fastened 
to them for supporting the load—and the camps were 
struck and pitched with marvelous facility and dispatch. 

Their subsistence was mainly the fruit of the chase, for 
their migratory habits were not suited to agricultural pur- 
suits. They were generally excellent hunters, and depended 
largely upon the buffalo for support. Their primitive weap- 
ons were the bow and arrow, but these were, to a great 
extent, replaced in later years by the more effective weapons 
introduced by the traders. 7 

These Indians were good fur gatherers, and were always 
sought by the trader. Generally one or more posts were 
established in the heart of their territory, while itinerant 
traders were sent to accompany the various bands in their 
wanderings and trade for their furs as soon as they were 
taken. | 

As a general thing the wandering tribes were among the 
most stalwart and robust of their race, fond of the attrac- 
tions of dress, haughty and even vainglorious on occasion, 
much given to pomp and bluster, yet withal stubborn fight- 
ers, and, as their subsequent history has proven, foemen 
worthy of the white man’s steel. The extent of their rov- 
ings was very great, particularly those of the Crows and 
Blackfeet, who were met in almost every section of the 
West from the Spanish provinces to the British possessions. 


844 PERMANENT VILLAGE TRIBES. 


At no other time were they so lawless and dangerous as in 
their raids into distant sections, especially if the purpose 
of their forays had not been successful. 

Numbers of the Western tribes along the Missouri river 
had permanent villages where they spent most of their time 
and to which they returned from their excursions. The es- 
sential peculiarities which this difference in mode of life 
developed related mainly to shelter and food. These In- 
dians had fixed huts of large size and stable construction. 
They were situated close together, without any very regular 
order, except that they were often set in a circular row with 
a considerable space in the center. The huts themselves 
were usually circular in shape with conical or slightly vault- 
ed roofs. The outer walls were supported by a row of 
posts, and in the center were four longer posts with suita- 
ble cross timbers at the top to receive the upper ends of 
rafters of which the lower ends rested upon cross timbers 
supported by the outer posts. A brush wattling was spread 
over the rafters and sides of the hut, which were then cov- 
ered with straw and thickly plastered with mud. The huts 
so made were very strong, as may be judged from the fact 
that the Indians frequently congregated upon them in con- 
siderable numbers. 

The fire was built in the center of the lodge and a hole 
was left in the top for the egress of the smoke. The beds 
were arranged around the walls and were often covered 
with a canopy of skins. A whole family usually occupied 
a lodge, in which was also reserved a space for the horses 
when there was danger of capture. The articles belonging 
to the family were variously bestowed, and a single door, 
closed by a skin curtain, gave access alike to man and beast. 
Among some of the tribes the form of the huts was poly- 
gonal, the octagon being the usual figure, while by one 
tribe at least a rectangular form was used. 

In regard to subsistence, permanent residence in fixed 
localities made possible the development of a crude agri- 
culture, and around all these villages there were fields of 


ROUTINE LIFE OF THE TRIBES. 845 


corn, and the more common vegetables introduced by the 
white man. Although these tribes frequently made long 
excursions from home, their roamings were rarely so dis- 
tant or diversified as those of other tribes. The Pawnees 
were possibly an exception to this rule, while the Aricaras 
were also fond of a predatory life. 

The permanent village accommodated itself to the busi- 
ness of the fur trade much better than did the wandering 
village. It was a simple matter to maintain establishments 
where the places of abode were fixed, and posts were accord- 
ingly found at one time or another at or near all of these 
villages. These tribes, moreover, were more uniformly 
friendly to the whites than were those restless spirits whose 
very wanderings developed in them the character of free- 
booters and pirates. , To this rule the Pawnees and Ari- 
caras were the only exceptions. 

The country of the stationary tribes in the immediate 
valley of the Missouri was simply that where their villages 
were located, and whenever they went beyond this they did 
so at the sufferance, or in defiance, of their neighbors. This 
was particularly true of the Minnetarees, the Mandans, and 
the Aricaras. The Pawnees and the Osages, on the other 
hand, were recognized as controlling a wide area of terri- 
tory. 

The routine life of the tribes, as it existed during the 
trapping era, was simple in its general scheme, but in 
detail full of incident and adventure. When in camp in 
the case of the predatory tribes, or when residing regularly 
in fixed villages, the life was a quiet one, filled up largely 
with the work of the women, the sports of the children, and 
the gossip and interchange of views of the men. When 
the season came for laying up a supply of food, as when 
the buffalo drew near, great preparations were made both 
for the sport of hunting and for the care of the meat. These 
were seasons of activity and excitement as well as of hard 
work, and the subsequent comfort of the village depended 
on how well the work was done. Moreover the gathering 


846 TERRIBLE MEANING OF WAR. 


of robes was the Indian’s great source of revenue, and he 
_had a care to lay in a goodly store for trade whenever he 

should go to the company’s posts, or their traders should 
come to reside with him. 

The tribes often had, however, more serious work on 
hand than that of providing subsistence and securing robes 
and furs. Their enemies might be on the warpath, and 
their very existence might depend upon the most active and 
energetic measures of defense. It is difficult to realize what 
a mighty question this was to the Indian. War among civ- 
ilized countries is terrible, but with them prisoners are not 
killed, private property is supposed to be respected, non- 
combatants are left uninjured, and only such destruction 
of life and property is permitted as is necessary for the 
direct crippling of the enemy’s military power. Not so in 
the wars of the Indian. His theory of war was extermina- 
tion. Not only did he kill all he could in battle, but he 
slew his prisoners, destroyed his enemy’s property, whether 
of a military character or not, carried off or killed his wom- 
en and children. War, therefore, had a terrible mean- 
ing to the Indian, and the attack of an enemy was like a 
destroying whirlwind, spreading ruin and devastation in 
its path. i 

But the Indian did not always await the onslaught of 
his enemy. The village was frequently called upon to de- 
part on some perilous enterprise of war to avenge the death 
of some of their number or to secure such spoils as they 
might find. Then, too, they made frequent excursions on 
peaceful errands, as when they visited friendly tribes, or 
sought some locality where buffalo were plenty. or went 
to a timbered section to find poles for their lodges. There 
were, in short, in the Indian’s mode of life, demands of 
business quite as imperious to him as were those of civilized 
life to his pale-face brother. 

That the white man found much to his taste in the wild, 
free life of the Indian is amply proven by the willingness 
with which so many abandoned the blessings of civilization 


ATTRACTIONS OF INDIAN LIFE. 847 


for the hardships of the wilderness. There was in the In- 
dian character and manner of life much to admire. In spite 
of the absence of the ideals of civilized life, in spite of revolt- 
ing uncleanliness, loose and dissolute habits, and an utter 
absence of mercy toward an enemy — in spite of the fact 
that the Indian was a true savage, he was nevertheless not 
disliked by those who knew him most nearly. Since he 
was first known he has been admired for his rude eloquence, 
his deeply religious nature, his fine sense of right and jus- 
tice, his steadfastness to his friends, his wild and manly 
sports, his love of the chase, and his bravery in war. It 
will ever be a source of poignant regret among the millions 
of those who helped despoil him of his country, and who 
look with pity upon a fate which they were powerless to 
avert, that there could not have been reserved in all this 
vast continent a true home for the Indian —a place where 
he could have led the life he used to lead when he chased the 
deer and buffalo, trapped the cunning beaver, and made 
war upon his enemies. Such was the life for which alone he 
was fitted, and we have yet to see any departure from it 
that has not resulted disastrously to his race. 

The tribes with which this work has mainly to do be- 
longed, with few exceptions, to three great linguistic stocks 
— the Algonquian, the Siouan, and the Shoshonean. 

The Algonquian family was distinguished for noble 
tribes, stalwart warriors, and a high type of aboriginal 
development. It occupied some of the fairest portions of 
North America, both East and West. Its western territory 
extended from the Great Lakes to the Rocky mountains and 
lay mainly in what is now British territory. Those tribes 
which resided wholly or in part within the territorial limits 
of the United States were the Arapahoes, the Cheyennes, 
the Blackfeet, and the Grosventres of the Prairie. 

The most important of all the linguistic stocks to the 
purposes of this investigation was the Siouan. It occupied 
nearly the whole of the immediate valley of the Missouri, 
with a wide extent of territory on either side, It was a well- 


848 LINGUISTIC STOCKS. 


developed race both intellectually and physically, and in its 
individuals the Indian was seen in his purest type. Among 
the well-known tribes of this family which figured promi- 
nently in the American fur trade were the Crows, the Assini- 
boines, the Minnetarees, the Mandans, the Sioux, the Pon- 
cas, the Omahas, the lowas, the Otoes, the Kansas, the 
Osages, and the extinct tribe from which the great river 
takes its name, the Missouris. 

The Shoshonean family dwelt in the Great Basin and in 
the valleys of the Snake river and the Colorado of the West, 
with one wandering tribe in the plains. While it included 
some of the most virile tribes, it included also some of the 
most degraded and pitiable upon the continent. Those with 
_ which we shall here come in contact were the Shoshones 
or Snakes, the Utahs, the Pai-Utes or Diggers, the Ban- 
nocks, and the Sheepeaters — all mountain tribes — and the 
Comanches who roamed over the prairies on the south side 
of the Arkansas. 

Besides these three important families there were the 
Caddoan, represented by the Pawnees and the Aricaras; the 
Kiowan, by the Kiowas; the Athapascan, by the Apaches 
and the Navajoes; three different stocks, represented by the 
Pueblos; the Shahaptian, whose principal tribe was the Nez 
Perces; and the Salishan, which included the Flatheads. 
There were also many other stocks in the country along the 
Pacific coast, but they were outside of the theater of the 
American fur trade. 

A knowledge of the ethnic relations of the various tribes 
is of practical value in explaining certain peculiarities of 
Indian history, even in those early days when the commer- 
cial mind of the trader never dwelt upon such matters. The 
various alliances among the tribes usually followed these 
ancestral relationships. How it was that the Aricaras and 
the Cheyennes were preéminently the horse-dealing tribes 
among the northern Indians may be understood when it is 
known that their kindred, the Pawnees and the Arapahoes, 
with whom they were on terms of friendly intercourse, dwelt 


IMPORTANCE OF ETHNIC RELATIONS, 849 


in or roamed over the country where the mustang flourished. 
The ubiquitous wanderings of that terrible tribe, the Gros- 
ventres of the Prairie, throughout the country to the south 
of their own, are explained when it is remembered that these 
Indians were closely related to the Arapahoes, and were 
wont to make frequent excursions to the country of that 
tribe. Other equally important deductions will reward the 
labor of the student who takes pains to bear these relation- 
ships in mind.’ 


* Before taking up the following brief account of the various tribes 
of the West, it will be well to remind the reader of what was said in the 
preface to this work: That the purpose of these descriptions is not 
to present an exhaustive technical treatment of the subjects considered, 
but solely to show their relation to the business of the fur trade. Into 
the boundless fields of the ethnography and archeology of the aborig- 
ines west of the Mississippi it is not intended to enter at all. The pur- 
pose here in view will have been attained if the reader is given a clear 
idea of that portion of the political history of the tribes which relates 
to their intercourse with the fur trader. It was in this intercourse 
that the Indian Question had its origin, and here began, for better or 
worse, that process which must eventually result in reducing the Indian 
to a civilized order of life. 


CHAPTER IX. 
NATIVE TRIBES 


OF THE MISSOURI BASIN. 


The Blackfeet — Their territory — Origin of name — Division of the 
tribe — The Grosventres of the Prairie — Habitat of the various Black- 
foot bands — Importance of the Blackfeet to the traders — Characteris- 
tics of the tribe— The Crows— The Crow country — Characteris- 
tics of the tribe — Relation to the traders — Their horse-stealing pro- 
pensities— The Assiniboines—The Minnetarees— The Mandans — 
The Aricaras— Their history— Their treachery — Their staples of 
trade — The Sioux nations — History — Characteristics — The Yank- 
tons — The Yanktonais — The Tetons — Importance of the Sioux tribes 
to the trader — Their attitude toward the traders— The Cheyennes — 
Tribal history — Characteristics — Great horse dealers— The Pawnees 
— Tribal history — Relation of Pawnee Loups to Aricaras — Charac- 
teristics of the Pawnees— Under Spanish influence — Relations with 
the traders — Lower Missouri tribes —— The Poncas— The Omahas — 
The Kansas— The Osages— The Iowas— The Otoes— The Missou- 
ris. 


THE BLACKFEET (Algonquian). 


OMING now to a more detailed enumeration of the 
various tribes, the first to arrest our attention is that 
of the terrible Blackfeet, the scourge of the upper Missouri 
country during the whole of the period considered in this 
work. The territory of the Blackfeet was the watershed 
of the Missouri above the mouth of, and including, the Milk 
river, although it may be a doubtful question if the territory 
above the Three Forks ought not rather to be considered 
as common or fighting ground of the various tribes. The 
heart of the Blackfoot country may be taken as in the imme- 
diate valley of the Missouri near the mouth of the Marias, 
where the river makes its great bend from north to east. 
There were included under the general term Blackfeet 


THE BLACKFOOT BANDS. 851 


four distinct bands: the Blackfeet proper (Siksikau), the 
Piegan (Pikum), the Bloods (Kaimah), and the Grosven- 
tres of the Prairies or the Falls Indians (Aitsina), number- 
ing all told about 14,000 souls. Early writers mention also 
the Surcies and the Little Robes, but these two bands were 
not prominent in the tribal history of the nation. By the 
fur traders these Indians were all included under the gen- 
eral term Blackfeet," for they dwelt in the same country, 
spoke similar dialects, and much resembled each other in 
personal appearance. But to those well acquainted with 
them there was always a well-recognized distinction. With 
two of the bands in particular the trader became intimately 
acquainted, although for exactly opposite reasons. The 
Piegans were peaceably disposed to the whites as a general 
thing, and the first successful trading post established in 
Blackfoot territory was built at the mouth of the Marias 
river, the usual habitat of this band, and was honored with 
their name. It was with the Piegans that the principal 
trade in this part of the country was conducted.? 


*The origin of the name “ Blackfeet” is said by tradition to arise 
from the fact that in some of the tribal disputes of this nation the 
Siksikau separated from the rest of the tribe, then on the Saskatchewan 
river or even further north, and resolved to take up their new abode 
in the south. It was in the fall of the year when they reached the 
valley of the Missouri, and prairie fires had swept the country in 
every direction. After traversing this burnt district until their moc- 
casins were black with the ashes, they were met by a band of Crows, 
who, from their appearance, called them Blackfeet. 

This tradition may not be entitled to any greater weight than the 
following which accounts for the bitter hostility of these Indians to 
the whites. When they first saw the effects of fire arms they were 
so much impressed that they wanted to know where they could procure 
some powder. They were told that it was a kind of grain, which, if 
sowed in the spring, would, like any other grain, multiply in the har- 
vest. They procured a large quantity at great cost and made the ex- 
periment. Nothing could ever induce them afterwards to treat the 
white man as a friend. 

? Kenneth McKenzie, in his account of the establishment of Fort Pie- 
gan says: “The Piegan band of the Blackfeet is warmly attached 
to our interests. They are the beaver hunters of their nation. The 
other bands trade robes and provisions principally.” 


852 GROSVENTRES OF THE PRAIRIE. 


The Grosventres of the Prairie, on the other hand, were 
the most relentlessly hostile tribe ever encountered by the 
whites in any part of the West, if not in any part of Amer- 
ica, and the trapper always understood that to meet with 
one of these Indians meant instant and deadly hostility. 
The greater part of the many conflicts between the whites 
and the Blackfeet were with this tribe. Such was the case 
in the famous battle of Pierre’s Hole in 1832. The origin 
of this hostility is traced in another chapter of this work, 
but its long continuance is still without adequate explana- 
tion. 

The tribal affinity of the Grosventres was with the Arapa- 
hoes, and the two tribes always maintained a feeling of 
friendship for each other. They once lived together with 
another kindred tribe, the Cheyennes, near the headwaters of 
the Mississippi and the Great Lakes. For some cause they 
migrated westward, the Cheyennes first branching off to the 
south, and later the Arapahoes to the southwest, while the 
Grosventres kept on to the west until they reached the foot- 
hills of the mountains. This close relationship between the 
Grosventres and the Arapahoes was a matter of great conse- 
quence in fur trading times. It was the custom of the Gros- 
ventres to visit their friends every two or three years. They 
went sometimes by way of the Crow country and the Black 
Hills, but generally by the headwaters of the Snake and 
Green rivers and the mountains of northern Colorado, in 
order to avoid the Crows, who were the most powerful and 
uncompromising of their enemies. As nearly all the inter- 
mediate tribes through whose country they passed were hos- 
tile to them, their excursions were always occasions for 
bloody conflicts. It was inevitable that the trappers who 
overspread this entire country should have frequent encoun- 
ters with them, although it has puzzled many writers to un- 
derstand why this band should have been met in such widely 
separated localities. It was on one of their return trips 
from the Arapahoes that they fought the trappers in Pierre’s. 


* Part IV., Chapter X. 


CONFUSION OF NAMES, > 853 


Hole, as elsewhere narrated. The name Grosventre, as 
applied to the large eastern tributary of Snake river in Jack- 
son Hole, and also to a neighboring range of mountains, was 
given from the circumstance that the Grosventres passed 
along this stream on their way to the Arapahoes about the 
year 1830. 

The Grosventres were also commonly called Falls Indians 
in this early day, from the fact, it is said, that they lived near 
the Falls of the Saskatchewan. In common usage they 
were called Blackfeet by the traders and trappers, and very 
few understood their true tribal relations. Their own lan- 
guage was very difficult to acquire, and as they understood 
the Blackfoot language they always used it in their inter- 
course with the whites. This tended further to confuse the 
distinctions between the two tribes, and accounts for the 
fact that so many of the hostile acts of the Grosventres were 
charged up to the account of the Blackfeet. Thus it has 
always been commonly understood that it was a Blackfoot 
Indian that Captain Lewis killed on his return from the 
Pacific in the summer of 1806, but it was, as a matter of fact, 
a Grosventre. 
~ Next to the Grosventres, the Blood Indians were the most 
troublesome to the traders. They were bitterly hostile, but 
their wanderings did not so often bring them into con- 
tact with the whites. The Siksikau, or Blackfeet proper, 
were also very hostile. 

As the several bands roamed over pretty much the same 
territory, it is difficult to say just what the usual habitat 
of each was; but, broadly speaking, the Siksikau dwelt 
northeast in the valley of Milk river; the Bloods near the 
sources of the Marias and Milk; the Piegans west of the 
Missouri along the lower course of the Marias; and the 
Grosventres along the south shore of the Missouri from the 
Great Falls to the Judith Basin, although some author- 
ities place them north on the south fork of the Saskatchewan. 

All of the Blackfoot bands belonged to the predatory class 


*See Part IV., Chapter IT. 


854 HOSTILITY OF THE BLACKFEET. 


of Indians and their wanderings were very extensive. As 
they were hostile to nearly all the surrounding tribes, and as 
they were constantly invading their neighbors’ territory, 
they lived in a state of perpetual warfare. Another source 
of trouble with their neighbors was the fact that the Judith 
Basin was one of the most popular buffalo regions in the 
entire West, and the tribes from beyond the mountains, such 
as the Snakes, Nez Perces, and Flatheads, annually repaired 
thither for their supply of meat. Such visits were more 
than likely to result in hostile encounters. 

For two reasons the Blackfeet Indians were of great im- 
portance in the fur trade: ‘Their country was the richest 
beaver country of the West and the Indians themselves were 
the most hostile. Abundant riches and deadly peril were 
therefore the conflicting influences which actuated the bold 
invader of this coveted region. Every portion of it is 
marked by struggles, now mostly forgotten, between the 
whites and the natives, and history will never know how 
many of the early trappers fell before the savage hatred of 
this terrible tribe. 

The Blackfeet were splendid examples of their race, well 
formed physically, fond of athletic sports, excellent horse- 
men, great hunters, proud of the gaudy ornaments of dress, 
inordinately fond of liquor and gambling, addicted to the 
usual native vices of filth, beggary, and small thieving — 
in short they were true savages so far as that term can be 
properly applied to the aboriginal American. Their repu- 
tation for courage — even of the native quality — has been 
disputed, but their almost continuous record of war shows 
that they were not afraid of battle. 

It seems most unfortunate that a better understanding 
could not have been brought about at an early date between 
the Blackfeet and the whites. The common verdict of those 
who became acquainted with these Indians on a peaceable 
footing is that they were a very tractable and intelligent 
tribe to get along with, and later experience confirms this 
view. But in some way the key to the situation could not 


THE CROWS. 855 


be found until a score of years had left its record of blood- 
shed upon the history of this region. 


THE CROWS (Siouan). 


These Indians, with the Minnetarees, belonged to the 
Hidatsa sub-stock of the Siouan family. The native name 
of this tribe is Absaroka, which is said to signify a species 
of hawk. The French translated 1t Corbeau and called the 
tribe les Corbeaux. The translation of this name into 
English gives the designation by which these Indians have 
been universally known, since the white man found them. 
Although modern writers divide the tribe into different 
bands, particularly the Crows proper and the mountain 
Crows, these distinctions never obtained among the trap- 
pers. The tribe was not numerous and probably did not 
number over 10,000 souls in its best days. Their country, 
always so known, the true Absaroka, or home of the Crows, 
was the valley and watershed of the Bighorn river. It 
extended, to be sure, considerably to the eastward, and may 
be said to have included the valleys of the Rosebud, Tongue, 
and Powder rivers, and also a strip of territory on the north 
bank of the Yellowstone. But still, when mention was 
made of the “ Crow country,” the valley of the Bighorn was 
always meant, the heart of Absaroka being in the lower por- 
tion of the valley near the mouth of the Little Bighorn. 

The Crows were considered to be the best formed phys- 
ically of any of the Western Indians. Tall, graceful, pleas- 
ing in physiognomy, they were exceptionally fine looking. 
In dress and ornamentation likewise they excelled most 
other tribes. They made a particular point of developing 
long hair, which they regarded as a great ornament. But 
however much they might excel other tribes in physical 
development, they were in no degree behind them in the 
vices and defects of Indian character. 

The Crows were the equestrian tribe of the Missouri val- 
ley. In proportion to their numbers they possessed more 
and better horses than any other. They were the most 


856 THE CROWS GOOD FUR PRODUCERS. 


expert of horse stealers and the most skilful robbers among 
the Missouri tribes. For this reason, rather than on 
account of any hostile intent, they caused a great deal of 
trouble to the traders in every part of the West. They 
always professed friendship for the whites and usually were 
peaceably disposed toward them. There is in fact almost 
no record of their having killed white men or having made 
war against them; but very many instances of their having 
committed robberies upon them. 

The principal enemies of the Crows were the Sioux and 
Blackfeet. With the latter tribe they were never at peace 
in the early days, and the history of their relations to each 
other is one of unremitting hostility. The allies of the 
Crows were the Minnetarees and the Mandans. 

A peculiarity of the Crow nation was their fondness for 
having white men among them. In the cases of Edward 
Rose and James P. Beckwourth the tribe adopted them, 
made them chiefs, and no doubt profited greatly from their 
leadership. There is no other tribe whose history is so full 
of romantic adventure, and the country of no other so 
abounded in the wildness and weirdness as well as the 
beauty of nature. 

The Crows were exclusively a wandering tribe, never 
having lived in fixed villages. They were encountered by 
trappers in almost every part of the trans-Mississippi region. 
They were great buffalo hunters and the fur companies 
regarded them as the best robe producers of any of the In- 
dian tribes. They were, however, very exacting, and gave 
the traders no little trouble to satisfy their whims in the 
matter of trading posts. The American Fur Company in 
the course of twenty years built four posts for their accom- 
modation, and the Missouri Fur Company two; but the 
Indians were never satisfied and wanted the location 
changed continually. The method of trading which proved 
most satisfactory was to send traders with small outfits of 
merchandise to reside in the villages, moving from place to 


THE ASSINIBOINES. 857 


place as the Indians moved, and by their presence encour- 
aging them to make robes. 


THE ASSINIBOINES (Siouan). 


These Indians were true representatives of the Siouan 
stock and even called themselves by the native family name, 
Dakota, or Nakota, as they more commonly pronounced it. 
During the best days of the fur trade they numbered some 
28,000 souls. Their territory bordered on the Missouri 
river from the mouth of Milk river to below the mouth of 
the Yellowstone and thence extended north to the Saskatch- 
ewan and east to the Assiniboine river. It lay mostly out- 
side what is now the territory of the United States. The 
tribe comprised no fewer than eight distinct bands, some of 

which are often mentioned in the fur trade correspondence. 
_ The Assiniboines resembled closely the other Sioux tribes 
— tall, rather slender, with broad faces and high cheek 
bones. Their clothes were the usual leathern make of the 
plains Indians, and a characteristic feature was the head- 
dress adorned with two horns. The ornamentation was in 
other particulars similar to that of other Indians. Although 
armed to some extent in these times with guns, they all had 
bows and arrows. 

They were a wandering tribe of Indians, living in movable 
tents, and their chief resource for subsistence was the buf- 
falo. They were very expert in driving the buffalo into the 
parks or pens which have already been referred to. There 
was a noted enclosure of this sort within ten miles of Fort 
Union and around it were the bones of thousands of buffalo 
slain there. 

The Assiniboines were an equestrian tribe, though not so 
well supplied with horses in these early times as were some 
of their neighbors. Like all other tribes they considered 
horse stealing a legitimate business. 

They were generally friendly to the whites, though not 
to be trusted, and they did not scruple to rob when they 
could do so with impunity. They were good robe-makers 


858 THE MINNETAREES. 


and were an important tribe to the traders. Fort Union, 
which was in their territory, was their great trading point. 

As this tribe, like the Blackfeet, resided in both American 
and British territory, there was sharp competition for their 
custom on both sides of the line; and much of the complaint 
of the American traders about the use of liquor by the Brit- 
ish related to its use among these Indians. 


THE MINNETAREES (Siouan). 


These Indians were also commonly known as the Gros- 
ventres of the Missouri, the last three words being added to 
distinguish the name from that of the Grosventres of the 
Prairie (Algonquian). There was nothing in the physical 
characteristics of either of the tribes to justify the name. 
Minnetaree is the name by which the Mandans cailed these 
Indians. It was always spelled as here given in the early 
years, but the modern official orthography is Minitari. 
The true tribal name was Hidatsa, but it was formerly rarely 
heard in popular use. 

Under the name Hidatsa the Minnetarees and the Crows 
were once united in a single sub-stock of the great Siouan 
family. They migrated from the southeast at some not very 
remote period, and, for causes not clearly understood, sepa- 
rated, the Minnetarees stopping near the Mandans on the 
Missouri, and the Crows moving farther to the westward. 
It is probable that the origin of their distinctive tribal names 
arose in some way from this separation. 

After this event the Minnetarees gradually abandoned the 
wandering life and settled down in permanent villages like 
the Mandans, from whom, through long association, they 
adopted many customs. Their huts were of the same gen- 
eral pattern as those of their new neighbors, and like the 
latter they had separate villages for summer and winter use. 
Their home was on the right bank of the Missouri near the 
mouth of Knife river. At the time of the visit of Lewis 
and Clark their number was estimated at 2,500 souls. 

Early writers describe the Minnetarees as the tallest and 


THE MANDANS. 859 


best formed of the Missouri Indians, excepting only their 
kindred, the Crows. They delighted in elegance of cos- 
tume and made use of.all the ornamentation characteristic 
of Indian ingenuity in these matters. | 

They were generally friendly to the traders, although 
there are records of some outrages committed by them. 
There were two or three posts in their neighborhood at one 
time and another, but they were later all merged in the large 
post of Fort Clark, which accommodated both their own 
trade and that of the Mandans. 

The Minnetarees found their natural allies in the Crows 
and Mandans, and although liable to frequent misunder- 
standings with other tribes, their record is not that of a war- 
like nation. 


THE MANDANS (Siouan). 


Of no other tribe of the Missouri valley are there extant 
so many complete and circumstantial accounts by early writ- 
ers as of the Mandans. ‘This arose from the fact that the 
situation where the tribe has dwelt since it became known 
to white men was one of great strategic and commercial 1m- 
portance. Its relation to the surrounding country has been 
explained in another place. It was for many years the 
farthest point to which the operations of the traders were 
carried up the Missouri and the tribe thus became familiarly 
known to the fur companies both north and south of the 
national boundary. Travelers likewise in these remote 
regions rarely got beyond the Mandans prior to 1830 and 
naturally devoted a great deal of attention to the tribe where 
they turned back on their expeditions. Thus from one 
cause or another these Indians received a large share of 
attention from the earlier explorers of the Missouri valley. 

The tribal history of the Mandans is exceedingly obscure ; 
but one fact stands out with only too great certainty, and 
that is their terrible misfortunes as a result of their contact 
with the white race. Our first knowledge of them locates 
them on the Missouri river considerably below their later 


860 MISFORTUNES OF THE MANDANS. 


location, where they dwelt in nine villages, two on the west 
shore and seven on the east. They must have numbered 
at that time at least 6,000 souls. The hostility of the Assin- 
iboines and Sioux through many years gradually depleted 
their numbers, while the smallpox on different occasions 
made such terrible havoc among them as to threaten their 
extermination. The different bands consolidated with one 
another as the tribe diminished, until at the time of the visit 
of Lewis and Clark there were only two villages numbering 
between 1,500 and 2,000 occupants. It was in this situation 
that they were found by the traders who came first from 
the British companies and later up the Missouri from St. 
Louis. In 1837 the tribe experienced its last visitation of 
the smallpox, which carried off all but about thirty of its 
people. This terrible calamity, which resulted in the almost 
complete extermination of an interesting and important 
Indian tribe, is described in another part of this work. 

The Mandans were a prominent example of stationary 
tribes living in permanent villages. They had separate vil- 
lages for summer and winter use, the latter being located 
in the forest where it was better protected from the fierce 
blizzards of the northern prairies. The winter village was 
occupied about four months of the year. 

These Indians were an agricultural tribe, if that term can 
be appropriately applied to the crude method by which the 
natives cultivated the soil. Their principal product was the 
maize, but they also raised certain vegetables introduced by 
the whites. 

Their main reliance for subsistence was, of course, the 
buffalo. Their country was in the very heart of the buffalo 
range and at certain seasons these animals roamed in count- 
less thousands over the surrounding hills. At such times 
they were taken in great numbers without difficulty. At 
other times it was necessary to make long excursions to find 
them. 

Physically the Mandans were rather above the average 
Indian in stature, though scarcely the equals in this respect 


THE ARICARAS. S61 


of the Minnetarees and Crows. They were robust and 
broad-shouldered. Their countenances were not so strik- 
ing in the aquiline nose and high cheek bone as the other 
Siouan tribes. The eyes were dark brown, the mouth and 
jaw broad, the hair long and black and cultivated to 
great length. A greyish mixture was very common in the 
hair of many and was a characteristic feature. The teeth 
were fine and remarkably permanent, even in old age. The 
complexion was of a brown, copperish tinge, although in 
many individuals it approached white very nearly. The 
women were short, robust, and not handsome even for 
Indian women. The men were notoriously vain in mat- 
ters of dress, and exercised great ingenuity in ornamenta- 
tion. | 

The Mandans were a peaceably disposed tribe and were 
always on terms of friendship with the whites. The Sioux 
and Assiniboines were their enemies and the Crows and 
Minnetarees their allies. The traders always maintained 
one or more posts in their neighborhood. Their chief 
staples of trade were the robes and tongues of the buffalo, 
but they also collected a large amount of beaver fur. 


THE ARICARAS (Caddoan). 


Next to the Blackfeet the Aricaras were more dreaded 
by the whites than any other northern tribe. Though 
not so continuously hostile as the Blackfeet they were more 
treacherous, and the outrages and loss of life suffered at 
their hands form a mournful chapter in the history of the 
Missouri Valley. 

The Aricaras, commonly called Rees by the traders, were 
one of the principal divisions of the Caddoan family whose 
pristine habitat seems to have been in the vicinity of the 
Red river of the Natchitoches. In their migration north the 
Pawnees and the Aricaras parted company, the former set- 
tling down on the waters of the Kansas and Platte rivers, 
and the latter going north to the heart of the Sioux coun- 
try on the Missouri. The tribe was once much more nu- 


862 TREACHEROUS CHARACTER. 


merous than when it became known to the traders, and the 
remains of its ancient villages can be traced all the way from 
the Niobrara to the Cannon Ball river along the shores of 
the Missouri. The Aricaras claimed no particular country 
except that which they actually occupied. At the time of 
the voyage of Lewis and Clark they probably numbered 
3,600 souls. 

Prior to 1830 they lived in clay huts similar to those of 
the Mandans and Pawnees, but in this and other matters 
they resembled more closely the former tribe, though kindred 
to the latter. In physical appearance they were tall and 
well formed, and their women were considered the hand- 
somest on the Missouri. In their manner of life they did 
not differ essentially from the tribes among whom they 
dwelt and with nearly all of whom they were on terms of 
hostility, if not of actual war. 

The principal characteristic of the aes Indians, so 
far as it relates to the fur trade, was their treacherous and 
warlike attitude toward the whites. What can have been 
the cause of their bad faith and their many atrocities has 
always been a mystery. They were friends today and ene- 
mies tomorrow. One party of trappers they would treat 
with hospitality; the next they would seek to destroy. Af- 
ter Colonel Leavenworth’s campaign, which was supposed 
to have subdued them, they became more troublesome than 
ever before. They abandoned their old villages and moved 
up to the neighborhood of the Mandans. They soon re- 
turned, however, and some years later migrated, it is said, to 
the North Platte. It was their depredations and murders 
committed upon trading parties in that region that induced 
N. J. Wyeth and others in 1833 to return from Green river 
to the States by way of the Bighorn, Yellowstone and Mis- 
souri rather than risk the journey across the plains; and 
also led to the military expedition to the upper Platte under 
Colonel Dodge in 1835. 

The Aricaras were, in spite of their character for duplic- 
ity, useful Indians to the traders, who always had a post 


THE SIOUX NATIONS. 863 


among them when they resided on the Missouri. They 
were good robe-makers and beaver hunters, but their chief 
staple of trade was horses; and it was from them that the 
traders obtained a goodly part of their supply. The over- 
land Astorian party in 1811 outfitted with horses at their 
villages and General Ashley did the same thing in 1823 
just before his disastrous experience at their hands. 


THE SIOUX NATIONS (Siouan). 


In popular usage the term Sioux was restricted to the 
tribes of the Siouan stock who dwelt in the “ Land of the 
Dakotas ” and who, in their own language, were called by 
the name Dakota. The term Sioux was of Algonquian 
origin, “‘ expressing enmity or contempt,” and through the 
medium of the Canadian French descended upon the Dakota 
tribes in its present corrupted form. 

The Sioux undoubtedly came from the eastward and 
reached their historic habitat in comparatively late prehis- 
toric times. When they became known to the traders in 
the latter part of the 18th century their country embraced 
what is now the state of South Dakota with contiguous 
territory all around its borders. The population of those 
tribes who dwelt in the valley of the Missouri cannot have 
exceeded at that time 15,000 souls. 

In physical appearance the Sioux were true Indians, the 
characteristics of the race being especially marked in them. 
Although not so fine looking and well formed as the Min- 
netarees and Crows, they were nevertheless of stalwart 
physique and great physical power. They were mostly of 
medium stature, slender yet muscular, with oval features, 
prominent cheek bones and slightly aquiline nose. They 
wore long hair braided to the full length, although in some 
of the bands the custom prevailed of shaving off the hair 
except a tuft on the top of the head. 

The Sioux were typical plains Indians and presented in 
the highest degree the characteristics which aboriginal life 
on the prairies developed. They were exclusively a nomadic 


864 THE YANKTONS AND YANKTONAIS. 


people and their wanderings extended far beyond their 
proper country; but they were not the equals in this respect 
of the Crows and Blackfeet. They were among the most 
warlike and aggressive of the Western tribes and were every- 
where held in terror by their enemies. All of their neigh- 
bors, such as the Omahas, the Aricaras, the Cheyennes, the 
Mandans, and the Minnetarees, suffered calamities at their 
hands from which they never recovered. 

There were three important divisions of the Sioux tribes 
with which the Missouri traders had to do—the Yank- 
tons, the Yanktonais, and the Tetons. 

The Yanktons lived in the southern portion of the Sioux 
territory along the Missouri river in the valleys of the James, 
the Vermilion, and the Big Sioux, and even as far east as 
the headwaters of the Des Moines. ‘They numbered about 
1,000 people. ‘They were the least troublesome of all the 
Sioux tribes and gave the traders comparatively little annoy- 
ance. Posts were maintained at different times for their 
convenience at the mouth of each of the tributaries of the 
Missouri mentioned above. 

The Yanktonais, or Yanktons of the Plains, occupied the 
upper valleys of the James and Big Sioux rivers, and even 
that of the Red River of the North on the east and a long 
stretch of the Missouri valley on the west. They numbered 
about 2,500 souls. They were on the whole the most 
dreaded by the traders of any of the Sioux tribes. They 
were treacherous, stealthy, vindictive, and caused a great 
deal of trouble. It was a frequent pastime with them to 
fire from some secure hiding place upon boats passing along 
the river. Small parties were never safe in their country, 
while the loss of life and property at their hands during 
the period of the fur trade was such as to cause never- 
ending solicitude on the part of those who did business 
among them. 

The modern classification gives two divisions of the 
Yanktonais, the Upper and the Lower; but one never finds 
this distinction in the literature of the fur trade era. There 


; CofE asvg a5) 
ANVdUWOO WOH NIVINOOW AMOOU YWHL AO NOILOTOSSIG AO LNANALIOV 


THE TETONS. OOS 


was a Sioux band, then well known, but now not recognized, 
the Teton Saone, or simply the Saone, which may have been 
a part of the Yanktonais tribe. They resided on both 
sides of the Missouri in the section where Bismarck and 
Mandan now stand. It was presumably among these In- 
dians that the “ Sawon’’ post, so often mentioned in the 
journals and correspondence of the American Fur Com- 
pany, was maintained. 

The Tetons were a very important tribe of the Sioux and 
numbered about 5,000 souls. They dwelt mostly west of 
the Missouri and overspread the country as far west as to 
the Black Hills and the North Platte, while they ranged 
north and south from the Pawnee country to the Mandans. 
Like the Yanktonais they were exceedingly troublesome 
in the early years of the fur trade and greatly annoyed boat 
parties ascending the river. So far did they interfere with 
navigation that they came to be known as the pirates of 
the Missouri. The Tetons, however, dropped their hostile 
attitude much sooner than did the Yanktonais, and in later 
years gave the traders little or no trouble. 

The Tetons embraced several distinct bands, with each of 
which trading posts or houses were maintained. These 
bands were the Bois Brulés, who lived on both sides of the 
Missouri near the mouths of the White and Teton rivers; 
the Sans Arcs; the Blackfeet (Sihasapa) ; the Minnecon- 
jous; the Two Kettles; the Ogallalas, who dwelt at the 
headwaters of the White and Niobrara rivers at the south- 
eastern base of the Black Hills; and the Hunkpapas. 

For several reasons the Sioux tribes were the most im- 
portant of any with which the fur traders had to do. They 
were the most numerous. Their country was one continu- 
ous range for the buffalo who were wont to frequent every 
part of it. As a result the traffic in buffalo robes was 
exceedingly heavy, and the quantities of these peltries that 
were shipped from the Sioux country were very great. The 
Sioux were also good beaver hunters, and contributed great 
quantities of these finer kinds of fur. The various trading 


866 RELATIONS WITH THE TRADERS. 


companies had posts all over their country from James river — 
to the Black Hills, and the total number of these establish- 
ments, large and small, that were built during the fur trade 
era, would probably exceed one hundred. Fort Pierre, 
located nearly in the center of the Sioux country, was the 
greatest of these posts, and a very important establishment 
in its day. 

But if the custom of the Sioux was a matter of great 
importance to the traders, the open hostility of some of the 
bands and the doubtful friendship of others were not less 
so. The location of the Sioux tribes on both sides of the 
Missouri placed the navigation and trade of the upper rivers 
very largely at their mercy. In the earlier expeditions the 
American traders met with much opposition from these 
Indians. They were at that time largely under British 
influence, and during the War of 1812 came very near taking 
sides against the United States. Then they were enemies 
of most of the tribes above them, and did not like to have 
the whites go up there to trade. Moreover, they acted to ~ 
some extent as middlemen between the whites and those 
tribes, compelling the traffic to pass through their hands 
to their great advantage. They did not like to see this busi- 
ness interfered with. All these considerations, and the 
natural jealousy with which they saw the advent of the 
white men, made them regard the approach of the American 
traders with an unfriendly eye. More than once they 
turned back the early expeditions. But as time wore on 
and the traders became firmly established among them, this 
hostile feeling largely passed away. There is no doubt that 
if, at this time, a wise and judicious policy had been pursued 
towards these Indians, they might have been led to their new 
destiny without serious difficulty or misunderstanding. 
The Sioux were blessed beyond most tribes with sound 
practical sense. They knew that their former method of 
life could not endure and all that they asked was that, in the 
inevitable process of change, the government should keep 
its faith with them.: When they saw the agents of the 


THE CHEYENNES. 867 


government year after year and decade after decade vio- 
lating its promises, the smoldering fires of bitterness were 
fanned again into flame, until they burst into that terrible 
conflagration that raged so furiously in the decade around 
1876.° 

THE CHEYENNES (Algonquian). 


These Indians seem formerly to have been associated with 
the Arapahoes and the Atsina (Grosventres of the Prairie), 
and to have dwelt in what is now the state of Minnesota. 
Their western migration was probably under pressure from 
the Sioux, and their southern deflection from their western 
course was probably due to pressure from the Assiniboines, 
with whom they were never after at peace. Broken and 
dispirited with their accumulated misfortunes, they finally 
found an abiding place at the eastern base of the Black Hills 
among the upper tributaries of the stream that bears their 
name. Owing to some internal dissensions, a sntall number 
of the tribe seceded prior to 1820 and joined the Arapahoes. 
Later the rest of the tribe followed suit, until, by 1840, all 
seem to have gone to the country of their kindred. 

The Cheyennes are said to have formerly dwelt in perma- 
nent villages, but their lot of misfortune had driven them to 
a wandering life like that of their new neighbors. In spite 
of their disastrous experiences, they were a virile race, 
superb horsemen, tenacious of their ancient rights, and able 
to acquit themselves with credit when occasion required. 
They were much at war with the surrounding tribes, and the 
name of the Cheyennes everywhere inspired, if not terror, 
at least respect. With the whites they were generally, 
though not always, on friendly terms. 

The traders found these Indians profitable fur gatherers, 
but the principal traffic with them was in horses. These 
they obtained in their frequent excursions to the southern 
plains, and made a regular business of selling them to the 

°The Sauteurs of Spirit Lake frequented the Missouri river valley a 


great deal in the latter years of the trade. They were exceedingly 
troublesome in 1843. 


868 THE PAWNEES. 


whites and to other Indians. It was in their village that 
the Astorians completed their outfit of horses in 1811. For 
the trade of these Indians the American Fur Company reg- 
ularly maintained one or more trading posts in their coun- 


try. 
THE PAWNEES (Caddoan). 


The Pawnees, during the period of the fur trade, lived 
within the present limits of the state of Nebraska, and dur- 
ing the greater part of the time upon the Loup Fork of the 
Platte. They consisted of four distinct villages, the Grand 
Pawnees, the Republican Pawnees, the Tapage or Noisy 
Pawnees, and the Skidi or Pawnee Loups, nearly always 
called in early literature the Panimahas. In the later years 
of the eighteenth century, the Republican Pawnees moved 
south to the northern branch of the Kansas, which has 
since been known by their name. They rejoined the other 
villages on the Loup Fork probably about 1815. 

The Pawnee Loups seem to have been later arrivals in 
the trans-Missouri country than were the other tribes. They 
claimed to be a distinct people, but their language proves an 
affinity. It was with this branch of the Pawnees that the 
Aricaras were associated, and the two formerly dwelt east 
of the Mississippi. After their migration across the Mis- 
souri, the Loups were conquered by the other Pawnee 
tribes, while the Aricaras went farther north. The Loups 
joined their conquerors and remained thereafter associated 
with them. 

The Tapage Pawnees were the least important of the four 
bands, and are not mentioned at all by several of the early 
explorers. Thus Pike, in 1806, mentions only the three 
larger bands, and likewise Long, who passed through their 
villages fourteen years later. At that time the Pawnees 
were living 60 miles above the mouth of the Loup. The 
Grand Pawnees were farthest down stream, and numbered 
about 3,500 people. Three miles above them were the Re- 
publican Pawnees, with a population of about 1,000. The 


A WARLIKE PEOPLE. 869 


Pawnee Loups lived four miles farther up, and numbered 
about 2,000 souls. 

The Pawnees belonged to the permanent village tribes, 
and were, consequently, agriculturalists as well as hunters. 
Their lodges were very large, some 60 feet in diameter, cir- 
cular in form, with conical roofs of flat slope. To judge 
from pictures of them they were not unlike, in general 
appearance, when seen from a distance, the thickly-clustered 
oil tanks in a modern petroleum district. 

The agricultural productions of the Pawnees were the 
maize, pumpkins, and squashes. The maize they raised 
quite extensively, but left it largely to take care of itself. 
When the spring planting was done, they set out on hunting 
or foraging expeditions, and did not return until near the 
time for harvest. In the winter they cached the harvested 
corn and went off again to hunt for meat and robes. 

The Pawnees were physically a well-formed and vigorous © 
people, tall, slender and muscular, exhibiting the peculiar 
physiognomy of the Indian race. Their great athletic 
accomplishment was horsemanship, in which they ranked 
with the Crows on the north and the Comanches on the 
south. For a tribe who resided in permanent villages, they 
led a remarkably predatory life, and rivaled in this respect 
their tent-dwelling neighbors. Their excursions were gen- 
erally south and southwest, and they were scarcely ever en- 
countered in the country to the north and west. 

These Indians were at one time and another at war with 
nearly all the surrounding tribes, and do not seem to have 
had any steadfast allies. A late high authority upon their 
history states that they were uniformly friendly to the 
whites. But this was not the case during the period of the 
fur trade, at which time they rivaled the Comanches as ter- 
rors of the southern plains. Gregg says of them that they 
were “ among the most formidable enemies of the Santa Fe 
traders,’ and the name Pawnee was held in the same degree 
of dread by the traders of the south as were the Black- 
feet by the traders of the north. Whatever may have 


870 PAWNEES UNDER SPANISH INFLUENCE. 


been their disposition in later times, they harbored no feeling 
of love for the whites at this early day. They held a rela- 
tion to the Spanish government for several years analogous 
to that held by the Sioux to the British. The Spanish 
regarded them somewhat in the nature of allies, or at least 
as very friendly disposed toward them, and this fact of itself 
made them hostile to Americans. Lieutenant Pike noted 
this hostility when he visited the Pawnees in 1806, and it 
did not die out for many years after.® 

The trade of the Pawnees was principally in robes, the 
gathering of which was a great business with them. The 
traders never built a post in their country, but conducted 
the business from their establishment near the Council 
Bluffs. Men were sent with outfits of merchandise to reside 
with the Indians while at their villages and to follow them 
on their expeditions. The produce of the trade was 
shipped down the Loup Fork and the Platte in bull boats, 
where it was incorporated in the larger cargoes coming 
down the Missouri. | 


THE PONCAS (Stouan). 


Four of the lower Missouri tribes, viz.: the Poncas, the 
Omahas, the Kansas, and the Osages, were once a single 
tribe dwelling in the Ohio valley near the Wabash river. 
With them was also another band called the Kwapa. 
When the tribe migrated westward, the Kwapa separated 
from the others at the Mississippi, and the main body began 


° As late as 1811 an officer belonging to the government trading fac- 
tory at Fort Osage made a visit to the Kansas and Pawnees. He left 
Fort Osage May 11; reached the Kansas May 109, at a point about 
one hundred miles above the mouth of the Kansas river; found sev- 
eral American flags in the village; left village May 22 and reached 
Republican Pawnees one hundred and twenty miles farther; contin- 
ued journey and crossed Platte about 28th; came to Pawnee villages 
on Loup Fork, one hundred miles above mouth; found Pawnees in 
close relation with Santa Fe; one Spanish flag found; also a letter 
from governor of Santa Fe thanking Pawnees for their loyalty. It is 
evident that at this date the Republican Pawnees were still on the 
Republican Fork of Kansas river. 


THE OMAHAS. ake y Al 


the ascent to the Missouri valley. The Osages separated 
from the larger group at the Osage river, settling in the val- 
ley of that stream, and the Kansas followed suit when they 
reached the valley of the river which bears their name. The 
Omahas and the Poncas gradually made their way farther 
up the river, and finally themselves parted company, the 
Omahas settling on the west bank of the Missouri at a con- 
siderable distance above the Platte, while the Poncas located 
near the mouth of the Niobrara. 

Such, in simple outline, are supposed to have been the 
movements which carried a great tribe from the forest coun- 
try east of the Mississippi to the treeless plains of the central - 
West. The movement doubtless consumed a long period of 
time, and was marked by wars and other important events, 
which are now lost to history. The four sub-tribes had 
long been settled in their new homes when the white man 
found them, and remained there during the whole period of 
the fur trade. 

In physical characteristics and in tribal customs the Pon- 
cas resembled their kindred, the Omahas. They had been 
oppressed through many years by the Sioux, and reduced 
by the smallpox, until, when the traders came, they num- 
bered but little more than 200 souls. They were always on 
friendly terms with the whites, and a regular trading post 
was maintained in their territory. 


THE OMAHAS (Stouan). 


Although this seems to be the correct form of the name, 
it was more usually spelled Maha in the first half of the 
roth century. The Omahas were once a powerful tribe, 
but the oppressions of the Sioux and a terrible epidemic of 
the smallpox in the later years of the 18th century had 
reduced their numbers to about 400. Their habitat was on 
the west bank of the Missouri, about one hundred miles 
above the modern city which bears their name. Naturally 
a warlike tribe, their spirit had been broken by their great 
misfortunes, and they seem not to have gone to war to any 


872 THE KANSAS, 


great extent after the traders settled among them. On 
account of this quiet life they do not figure prominently in 
annals of Western adventure. They did, however, produce 
some of the most noted chiefs of any of the Indian tribes, 
and among them the great chief Black Bird, who died of 
the smallpox a few years before the arrival of Lewis and 
Clark. | 
The Omahas were a popular tribe with the traders, and 
seem to have been industrious fur gatherers. ‘They dwelt 
in permanent villages, but were absent on their hunting 
excursions several months of the year. All of the leading 
fur companies maintained trading posts near the old Council 
Bluffs for the convenience of these Indians and other tribes 
in the vicinity. 
THE KANSAS (Siouan). 


This tribe dwelt in the valley of the river which bears 
their name, and their village was located a few miles above 
its mouth. They had a population of about 1,500. They 
lived in mud huts not unlike those of the Mandans, and fol- 
lowed a life similar to that of the tribes around them. 
They were generally at peace with their neighbors, who 
were indeed of their own stock. With the whites they were 
also usually at peace, although they committed many out- 
rages upon small parties. They cultivated maize and fol- 
lowed the chase, but became indolent and lazy as their 
dependence upon the government increased. A permanent 
trading post was maintained among them. 


THE OSAGES (Stouan). 


This great nation was the first in the Missouri valley to 
have a regular trade with the whites. Many years before the 
Louisiana Purchase, trading posts had been built in their 
country. At the time of the general migration westward 
from east of the Mississippi, the Osages settled in the coun- 
try along the Osage river and between that stream and the 
Missouri. Subsequently they divided into smaller bands. 


THE OSAGES. 873 


The first separation, which Pike places early in the 18th 
century, was into two tribes, the Great and Little Osages, 
but later the Little Osages, finding themselves too weak for 
self-protection, located near the large village. A third divi- 
sion, which Pike calls the Arkansas Schism, was brought 
about by the white traders. For many years prior to 1800 
Mr. Pierre Chouteau had monopolized the trade of these 
Indians, but at about the above date, or perhaps a little 
earlier, Mr. Manuel Lisa obtained from the Spanish author- 
ities an exclusive grant of their trade. Incensed at this 
action, Mr. Chouteau, who had the monopoly of trade on 
the Arkansas, intrigued with the Indians and succeeded in 
drawing so large a part of the tribe to his post that he prac- 
tically nullified the value of Lisa’s monopoly, and led to a 
permanent division of the tribe. 

The Osages, like the Omahas, Otoes, and Kansas, lived 
in permanent villages, but their huts were rectangular in 
plan, in which respect their architecture differed materially 
from that of the other tribes. The huts were supported by 
vertical posts, the center row under the ridgepole being 
about twenty feet high and the outside rows about five feet. 
Poles and rafters gave support to the roofing of brush, bark 
and dirt. These huts were sometimes sixty feet long. 
Fires were kindled on the ground under the ridgepole, and 
the smoke escaped through openings in the roof. 

In language, customs, and dress the Osages were like their 
kindred tribes. They were of especial importance to the 
trader by reason of their large property in horses, which 
they obtained through annual excursions to the southwest- 
ern plains. They were good judges of these animals, and 
the traders relied on them largely in organizing their expe- 
ditions, for these were made up on the very borders of the 
Osage country. 

The Osages were on the whole friendly to the whites, but 
their marauding parties did great mischief to small bands of . 
trappers or hunters. There was much complaint of them 
by the Santa Fe traders, and many unprovoked outrages 


874 THE IOWAS AND OTOES. 


were committed by them. Permanent posts were always 
maintained in their country. 


THE I0WAS (Siouan). 


There were three other tribes who dwelt in the lower 
Missouri valley, and were familiarly known to the traders. 
They were the Iowas, the Otoes, and the Missouris, who all 
sprang from a common stock which was closely related to 
the Winnebago division of the Siouan family. What their 
course of migration was is unknown, but they had crossed 
the Mississippi before they first fell under the observation 
of white men. 

The pristine home of these Indians was practically what 
is now the state which bears their name. They were found 
within the historic period in almost every part of that 
region. Once a powerful tribe, they, like their neighbors, 
had been ruined by the smallpox and the Sioux, and they 
were a small tribe of only 800 people when the American 
traders opened relations with them. ‘They traded princi- 
pally at Robidoux post at Black Snake Hills, where St. 
Joseph, Mo., now stands, and also to some extent at the 
Council Bluffs. 


THE OTOES (Siouan). 


From at least as far back as the middle of the 18th cen- 
tury the Otoes dwelt on the banks of the Platte about 40 
miles above its mouth. They lived in dirt villages like the 
other tribes of the lower Missouri. They present no charac- 
teristics notably different from the surrounding tribes, and 
their history during the fur trade period was uneventful. 
Their trade all went to the establishments at Council Bluffs. 

Tatan was the name of a noted chief of the Otoes who 
held sway over the tribe from about 1825 to 1840, when the 
fur trade was in its most flourishing condition. He earned 
his name from a hard-fought battle between his tribe and 
the Comanches or Iatans, in which the latter were utterly 
routed. His native name was a long word which signified 


THE MISSOURIS, 875 


“Prairie Wolf.” JIatan was a popular chief, even with 
other tribes, and was frequently called into the councils of 
the Pawnees. , 


THE MISSOURIS (Siouan). 


This tribe, though of little importance to the fur trade, 
is an interesting one historically. From it is derived the 
name of the great river on whose shores they dwelt,’ and 
where they were actors in events of deep significance in the 
history of the trans-Mississippi territory. Within the 
knowledge of white men the tribe resided near the mouth 
of the river, but they were driven off by the Illinois and 
were found early in the 18th century farther up the Missouri 
on its left or north bank not far below the mouth of Grand 
river. It was here that the tragedy occurred in 1720 in 
which a Spanish expedition against the Missouris was 
destroyed by these Indians. Near by, ‘on an island, the 
French erected their first post in the Missouri valley.® 
Sometime after this event they suffered a misfortune from 
which they never recovered, and which marks the termina- 
tion of their separate tribal existence. They were attacked 
by the Sac and Fox Indians, and were almost annihilated. 
The remnants of the tribe dispersed among the Osages, the 
Kansas, and the Otoes, where they were found by the 
traders. 


™See Chapter III., this Part. 
* See Appendix F. 


CHAP THR 
NATIVE TRIBES 


OF THE SOUTHWEST AND THE TRA-MONTANE COUNTRY. 


The Paducas — Trading custom of the Paducas — The Arapahoes — 
Tribal history — Characteristics — Relation with the traders — The 
Kiowas— The Comanches — Habitat — Characteristics— An eques- 
trian tribe— New Mexican tribes— The Pueblos — Meaning of term 
as applied to the Indians — Characteristics — The Navajos— The 
Apaches— The Shoshones or Snakes — Their country — Characteris- 
tics — The Bannocks— The Pai-utes— The Utahs — Their country — 
Characteristics — The Sheep-eaters— The Mokis and Mojaves— The 
Nez Perces— Other names for the tribe — Confusion as to the name 
Flathead — Country of the Nez Perces — Characteristics of the tribe — 
Relation to the missionaries and the traders — The Flatheads — Other 
tribes of the Columbia Basin — Peculiarities of the coast tribes. 


THE \PADUCAS, 


| the earlier notices of the country, near the base of the 

Rocky mountains at the headwaters of the Platte and 
Arkansas rivers, before exploration had penetrated so far, 
the name Paduca was applied to the native inhabitants that 
were supposed to be located in that section. The first exten- 
sive report upon these Indians appears to have been by Bour- 
gemont, in 1724, but the precise application of the name has 
never been determined. As the country came to be known, 
the tribes who dwelt there were found to have other designa- 
tious, and the name Paduca consequently fell into disuse. In 
one form or another the name is found in the vocabularies of 
the several Siouan tribes, and by them was applied to the 
Comanches. This, however, was not the understanding of 
the earlier authorities, who knew of the existence of the 
Comanches, or Iatans, as they were called, but who still 
referred to the Paducas as a distinct people. Even Pike, 
who was one of the first to identify the Paducas with the 


THE PADUCAS. 877 


Comanches, directly contradicts himself in his tabulated 
statement of the Indian tribes of the West, in which he 
mentions the Paducas and the Comanches as separate 
tribes. Another early writer refers to the Iatans and the 
Paducas as being at war with each other. Furthermore, 
the habitat of the Comanches in historic times has been south 
of the Arkansas, while that of the Paducas was always 
located on the headwaters of the Platte, and one of the prin- 
cipal branches of that stream bears the name Paduca on 
some of the older maps. It is therefore clear that, what- 
ever may have been the Sioux name of the Comanches, the 
name Paduca was not considered by the early writers as 
belonging to that tribe. On the whole the explanation 
given by Dr. James, in his narrative of Long’s Expedition 
of 1820, and which is followed by Gallatin in his Synopsis 
of the Indian Tribes of North America (1836), appears the 
most reasonable of any — that the name Paduca was for- 
merly applied collectively to the tribes living at the head- 
waters of the Platte, who have since become known under 
the separate names of Arapahoes, Kiowas, etc. 

The Paducas, or more particularly the Arapahoes, who 
were the principal tribe of the Paduca country, formerly 
held a sort of fair on a tributary of the south Platte near the 
site of the modern city of Denver, Colo. The stream was 
at one time known, from this circumstance, as Grand En- 
campment creek. At this rendezvous the Arapahoes acted 
as middlemen in the exchange of articles obtained from 
Spaniards on the south with those obtained through their 
kindred, the Grosventres and the Cheyennes, from the Brit- 
ish on the north. It is conjectured by some authorities that 
the name Arapaho signifies “ he who buys or trades,” and 
has reference to this early custom. However this may be, 
the fact itself is an interesting one in connection with our 
present studies, disclosing as it does the advancing shadow 
of the trader long before his actualappearanceuponthe scene. 


878 THE ARAPAHOES. 
THE ARAPAHOES (Algonquian). 


In the western migration of the Arapahoes and Grosven- 
tres, as already noted, the Arapahoes went to the headwaters 
of the Missouri, and then, turning south, made their way 
to the eastern base of the Rocky mountains, in what is now 
the state of Colorado. These Indians are described in the 
modern scientific classification as the Southern Arapahoes, 
the Northern Arapahoes having remained on the head- 
waters of the Yellowstone. Be this as it may, no such dis- 
tinction was known to the traders and trappers, and no 
Indians of this name are ever spoken of as dwelling in the 
northern mountains. When the Arapahoes are mentioned 
the tribe in the valley of the South Platte is always meant. 

In physical characteristics the Arapahoes resembled their 
neighbors very closely. In stature they were rather inferior 
to the Missouri Indians, but much like them in physiogno- 
my and dress. A distinctive feature of their tribal custom 
was the tattooed breast. They gave great attention to the 
hair, which they permitted to grow to great length, some- 
times even increasing its length by the use of false hair. 
Their clothing was like that of the tribes farther north, but 
contained in addition blankets and other articles obtained 
from the Spaniards. 

The Arapahoes were exclusively a wandering tribe, liv- 
ing in skin tents, and during the period of the fur trade 
numbered about 2,500 souls. With most of their neighbors, 
except the Utahs and Pawnees, they were at peace. In the 
earlier years of the trade they were very hostile to Ameri- 
cans, but in 1832 Captain Gant, of the firm of Gant and 
Blackwell, established a trading post in their country on the 
Arkansas river and succeeded in gaining their confidence. 
After that time they were uniformly friendly to the whites. 
While not aggressively warlike, they were good fighters, and 
were held in high respect by their enemies. They were a 
brave, candid and honest people, and were much less given 
to beggary and thieving than were most other Indians. 


THE KIOWAS. 879 


They have proven among the most peaceable of the tribes, 
and the most willing to be led in the new pathway of civili- 
zation. 

The Arapahoes were an important tribe to the traders, 
and their country was always one of active operations. Not 
only were they good fur producers, but they were accom- 
plished traders themselves, from their long experience 
already alluded to, in this sort of business. Many posts 
were established in their country upon the headwaters of 
both the Arkansas and the South Platte. 


THE KIOWAS. 


So far as known this tribe is of an independent linguis- 
tic stock and its history is very obscure. Modern research 
claims to have traced its course of migration from the 
' headwaters of the Missouri southeastward through the 
country of the Crows, who became their allies, and that of 
the Sioux and Cheyennes, who became their enemies. 
What their first alliances were when they reached the 
Paduca country is uncertain. They are known to have been 
in close association with the Arapahoes, and as late as 
1820 Long found them so associated as if in permanent 
union. But it is equally certain that their later and stronger 
alliance was with the Comanches. Their habitat, therefore, 
was that of their associates, and comprised the entire Arapa- 
ho and Comanche country. If it were possible to designate 
any one situation as more resorted to by them than another, 
it was the valley of the Arkansas on the south side near the 
Purgatory river. 

The Kiowas were not a tribe well known to the traders, 
and almost no mention is made of them in the annals of the 
times. A late authority says that they were “the most 
predatory and blood-thirsty”’ of the prairie tribes, and 
that “they have probably killed more white men in propor- 
tion to their number than any of the others.” This state-_ 
ment is not at all borne out by the records of the fur trade, 
in which encounters with the Kiowas are rarely mentioned. 


S8O THE COMANCHES. 


It is possible that these Indians have been given credit by 
later historians for many of the outrages committed by the 
Comanches. The long and close association of the two 
tribes would make an error of this kind possible. On the 
other hand, the same cause may have led the traders to sup- 
pose that they were being annoyed by Comanches when 
in reality it was the Kiowas. In either case it is a fact that 
the literature of the fur trade has very little to say of the 
Kiowas but a great deal of the Comanches. 

There was an early trading post of the American Fur 
Company named Fort Kiowa. Strange to say, it was lo- 
cated on the Missouri river near the mouth of White river, 
far away from the actual home of the Kiowas. 


THE COMANCHES (Shoshonean). 


These Indians were the only tribe of the great Shoshonean 
family who dwelt exclusively upon the plains. They were 
formerly confederated with the eastern Shoshones, who still 
reside in Wyoming, but from some cause, supposed to be 
the pressure of their enemies, the Sioux, the two bands 
separated, the Comanches moving southeast into the plains, 
while their associates turned back into the mountains. 
Their habitat was south of the Arkansas, in portions of 
what are now Oklahoma, Texas, and New Mexico. 

The Comanches were, in the fullest sense, a wandering 
people, and it is doubtful if any other American tribe led 
an existence of such continuous movement from place to 
place. They, of course, had no permanent villages, but: 
lived in skin tents, and their entire domestic economy was 
ordered with reference to the supreme condition of mobility. 
It is even impossible to fix upon any locality in their country 
which they frequented more than another. They moved 
north and south, according to the season, but for the rest 
they went wherever fortune promised to be most propitious. 

The worldly wealth of the Comanches and the prime 
object of their solicitude was the horse. They were the 
most expert horsemen among the American Indians, not 


THE PUEBLOS. SSI 


even excepting the Pawnees and the Crows. They were 
trained to ride from infancy, and their remarkable skill in 
handling their animals has been the wonder of all who have 
witnessed it. They marked their animals with a slit in the 
ear, and they could not be induced for love nor money to 
part with their favorite steeds. 

In personal characteristics they were not particularly dif- 
ferent from the Arapahoes. They wore less clothing than 
the northern tribes, for their climate did not require so 
much, but they were quite as proud and fastidious about 
what they did wear. It is noted of these Indians, as a re- 
markable exception, that they did not care for liquor. 

The Comanches were a very dangerous tribe, and were 
enemies to nearly all their neighbors, whether white or red. 
They were the terror of the southern plains, and their name 
carried a shudder wherever it was heard, from the Brazos 
to the Rio Grande del Norte. They were of very little use 
to the traders, for they were not good fur gatherers, but 
they always had to be reckoned with on account of their 
abandoned and lawless character. Some of the most 
lamentable tragedies of the Santa Fe Trail are chargeable 
to them. 


THE PUEBLOS. 


The Indians who dwelt in the northern provinces of Mex- 
ico, which are now comprised within the territories of New 
Mexico and Arizona, played little part in the history of the 
fur trade, and only a very brief reference will be made to 
them here. They were too far south for a profitable fur- 
bearing country, and it was only occasionally that the regu- 
lar fur traders came in contact with them. The Santa Fe 
trader had limited dealings with them, and they were, of 
course, encountered along the trails between the Rio Grande 
valley and California. 

The Pueblos dwelt mainly in the valley of the Rio 
Grande del Norte. The name Pueblo has no ethnic signi- 
ficance in this connection; that is, it is not in any sense a tri- 


882 THE NAVAJOS. 


bal or family name, but refers to those tribes of Indians in 
New Mexico who built and occupied the characteristic vil- 
lages called pueblos. They comprised at least three distinct 
linguistic stocks, of which the Keresan and Tafioan were the 
more important. They were distinguished from surround- 
ing tribes by their peaceful and unwarlike nature, the fixity 
of their abode, their quiet pursuit of peaceful vocations, and 
their marked advance in the cruder arts of civilized life. 

The Pueblos of New Mexico were an industrious, pros- 
perous and numerous people when the Spaniards entered 
their country, but the effects of the political and religious 
system which was imposed upon them were sufficient, in the 
course of two centuries, to reduce them to scarcely a tenth 
of their former number. In the course of long intercourse 
with their conquerors, they adopted many of the Spanish 
customs, while the latter borrowed extensively from the 
Pueblos, so that, with continuous intermarriage, the result 
was an amalgam in which the predominant element was a 
matter of doubt. 

These Indians exercised no particular influence upon the 
American fur trade; but owing to the similarity of their 
food, dress, and other articles of daily life to those of the 
Mexicans, the Santa Fe trade did undoubtedly receive ma- 
terial assistance from them. They were always on friendly 
terms with the Americans. 


THE NAVAJOS (Athabascan). 


These Indians are said to have numbered, during the era 
of the fur trade, about ten thousand people, and their coun- 
try lay west of Santa Fe between the Little Colorado and 
San Juan rivers as far-as to the Colorado of the West. 
They dwelt in rude huts, somewhat resembling those of 
northern permanent villages. The characteristic produc- 
tion of their tribal life, which has given them a wide noto- 
riety, was the Navajo blanket, an article of such close 
texture that it is nearly as impervious to water as a rubber 
blanket. The value of a genuine Navajo blanket, like a 


THE APACHES. 883 


genuine Oriental rug, is very great. Many of these blank- 
ets found their way East through the medium of the Santa 
Fe traders. 

The Navajos were never subjugated by the Spaniards, 
with whom they remained in a state of almost perpetual 
hostility. Neither did the Catholic missionaries make any 
permanent impression upon them. A peace arrangement 
was generally made between them and the New Mexican 
government every spring, on terms dictated by the Indians. 
It was a wily move on their part to secure sufficient tran- 
quillity to plant their crops and conduct their trade. At the 
close of the season their predatory habits were generally 
resumed. They seem to have directed their hostile efforts 
only against the Mexicans. There is no evidence that they 
were unfriendly to the Americans, and the fur traders 
operated freely in their country. 


THE APACHES (Athabascan). 


The various tribes that fall under the above designation 
occupied the vast territory now comprised in the southern 
half of the territories of New Mexico and Arizona. The 
Apaches were a wandering tribe without fixed habitations, 
using skin tents when they used any. Taken all in all, they 
have probably been the most troublesome Indians within the 
territorial limits of the United States. They are the only 
Indians who, in their habitual state, lived neither upon agri- 
culture nor upon the chase, but by robbery from surround- 
ing peoples. In their whole career of more than two centu- 
ries, the Spanish and Republican governments never subju- 
gated nor converted them, and, in fact, seem to have existed 
only by their sufferance. They were too shrewd to wish 
to drive the Spaniards out entirely, for it was from them 
that their chief tribute came. They were wont to conclude 
a temporary peace with one province while waging war on 
another, and the booty obtained from the latter they would 
trade in the former. In this way they laid a tribute upon 
the provinces, which constituted in large part their sub- 


884 RELATIONS WITH AMERICANS. 


sistence. While the raias of the Apaches did not reach the 
extent of actual extermination of the white population, and 
probably were not intended to, they had, in later years, 
caused the abandonment of most of the ranches which were 
located away from the villages, and the country wore a 
depopulated appearance in consequence. It is said that the 
Mexican population was gradually diminishing from this 
cause in the years immediately preceding the American con- 
quest. 

The Apaches for many years were rather friendly than 
otherwise to the American traders, and the Mexican author- 
ities concluded from this that there was some mutual under- 
standing or alliance; but there never was. In 1838 the 
treacherous conduct of a party of Americans in killing a 
large number of Apaches whom they had accosted as friends 
put an end to the amicable relations between the two peoples. 
Among the problems which the conquest of New Mexico 
brought to the United States, the most difficult one was the 
Apache problem, and this it took nearly two score years to 
settle. 


THE SHOSHONES OR SNAKES (Shoshonean). 


These Indians were the type of the Shoshonean family, 
and the name Snake * was of such general use as almost to 
obscure the family name. The tribe dwelt in the upper 
portions of the valleys of Green and Snake rivers and the 
northern portion of Bear river valley. What their popula- 
tion was at the time when the traders first came to their 
country is very uncertain, for it is not known just what 
bands of Indians different writers intended to include in 
their estimates. 

* Alexander Ross is authority for the statement that this name arose 
from the characteristic of these Indians in quickly concealing them- 
selves when once discovered. They seemed to glide away in the 
grass, sage brush and rocks and disappear with all the subtlety of a 
serpent. 

Father De Smet gives the following: “They are called Snakes 


because in their poverty they are reduced like reptiles to the condition 
of digging in the ground and seeking nourishment from roots.” 


SHOSHONES OR SNAKES. 885 


In physical characteristics the Shoshones were inferior 
to the tribes heretofore described. The precarious liveli- 
hood which they were able to extract from the poverty of 
the country could not sustain a stalwart physique, and they 
did not present that appearance of hardy manhood that was 
generally observed among the Indians farther east. They 
were, however, excellent horsemen and good warriors, and 
their martial prowess, if not to be compared with that of the 
‘Blackfeet and the Crows, was held in wholesome respect 
by the neighboring tribes. 

They were exclusively a wandering tribe. The 
necessities of subsistence, which was mainly derived from 
the buffalo and the salmon, compelled long excursions, 
either to the lower rivers, where fish were taken, or to the 
plains of the Missouri, in quest of buffalo. From the nature 
of their means of subsistence, these Indians partook of the 
traits and customs of both the fishing and hunting Indians. 

While the Shoshones were a brave, active and shrewd peo- 
ple, they were, on the other hand, suspicious, treacherous and 
jealous. They were not openly hostile, but were such invet- 
erate beggars and thieves that they were considered an intol- 
erable nuisance. With the whites they were always at 
peace after their first few years’ acquaintance. They were 
good fur gatherers, though not so useful in this respect as 
the Missouri Indians. There were only two trading posts 
in their territory, Fort Boisé, in the western portion, and 
Fort Hall, in the central. The establishment of both these 
posts, however, arose from peculiar conditions of compe- 
tition among the traders, and not from any real necessity 
to accommodate the trade of the Indians. The usual meth- 
od of exploiting the resources of the Snake country was 
by means of white trapping parties, who also traded such 
furs as the Indians might have to sell. 

The Shoshones were on friendly terms with the Nez 
Perces and Flatheads at the north, but were generally at 
war with the Crows, Blackfeet, and Utahs on the eastern 
border of their country. Necessity compelled them to go 


886 THE BANNOCKS AND PAI-UTES. 


annually into the country of the Blackfeet to hunt buffalo, 
but on such occasions they went in sufficient force to bid 
defiance to their enemies. Frequently these expeditions 
were made in alliance with the Nez Perces or Flatheads. 


THE BANNOCKS (Shoshonean). 


The Bannocks were the most warlike of the Shoshone 
tribes except the Comanches, and in this respect compared 
favorably with the plains tribes across the mountains. But 
while they were better specimens of Indian manhood than 
were certain other tribes of this stock, they were of a more 
troublesome character than the Snakes, and had the repu- 
tation of being a sort of lawless banditti, frequently infest- 
ing the routes of travel and causing trouble to the emigrants. 
The trappers had many hostile encounters with them, and 
kept a careful watch upon them whenever in their vicinity. 
One of the earliest notices of them is the pursuit of one of 
their bands in 1824 by a party under James Bridger, then a 
young man, for the purpose of retaking some horses which 
they had stolen. The country of the Bannocks was the 
territory between the Great Salt Lake and Snake river, and 
it lay athwart both the Oregon and California Trails. 


PAI-UTES OR ROOT DIGGERS (Shoshonean). 


These were the most degraded and pitiable of all the 
Indian tribes of the West. They dwelt in that desolate 
waste to the west and south of Great Salt Lake, where 
nature has dealt with a more niggardly hand than in any 
other part of the country. The barrenness of the country 
‘was reflected in the character of the inhabitants. They 
were inferior in stature, almost devoid of clothing, and 
nearly always in a condition bordering on starvation. 
Their degradation is attested by the fact that they subsisted 
to a considerable extent upon ants, other insects and vermin, 
and also upon roots, from which fact they were called by 
the opprobrious epithet of Root Diggers, or simply Diggers. 
In the winter they sought shelter among the sage brush and 


THE UTAHS. 887 


lived upon grass seed, or anything that the scanty gratuity 
of nature afforded them. They had no horses, and were 
armed only with the bow and arrow. ‘They were “ destitute 
of all the necessaries that make life even desirable.” Asa 
rule they were friendly to the whites, more perhaps through 
fear than otherwise. ‘They were harmless through inca- 
pacity to do harm. ‘They were, however, disposed to theft, 
and at times made their annoyances from this cause almost 
insufferable. This was the excuse offered for the frightful 
massacre of these Indians by the Walker party in 1833, of 
which an account is given elsewhere. 

The name Root Diggers has by some writers been restrict- 
ed to the tribe of Pai-Utes; but it was used with reference 
to several tribes. It was an epithet derived from a manner 
of life, and the trappers applied it to any of those degraded 
peoples who dug roots for a subsistence, or depended upon 
other equally precarious means. 


THE UTAHS (Shoshonean). 


The Utahs dwelt north of the Navajo country in the 
valleys of Green and Grand rivers. The crest of the Wa- 
satch range on the west and the Uintah mountains on the 
north denoted the limits of their country in those directions. 
They are said to have numbered about 2,500 souls. 

They were a predatory tribe, never having lived in fixed 
villages. In physical development they ranked with the 
Bannocks and Shoshones, and were rated as the best horse- 
men living west of the mountains. They bore an excellent 
character among the hunters, as being less addicted to thiev- 
ing, dishonesty, gambling, and other native vices, than were 
most of the other tribes. They were a thrifty race as 
Indians go, well clothed, and were industrious in gathering 
furs. While not belligerent in character, they were a brave 
and warlike people when occasion made war necessary. 
Their excursions for buffalo brought them into frequent 
contact with the Cheyennes, Arapahoes, and other eastern 
tribes, with whom they had many deadly encounters. 


888 MINOR TRIBES. 


Their country was rich in beaver, and was well known to 
the traders, who built no fewer than four trading posts 
within it. These were Robidoux’s two posts on the Uintah 
and Gunnison rivers, Fort Davy Crockett in Brown’s Hole, 
and Fraeb’s post on the Yampah. -TIrails led from their 
country to Santa Fe, and they were well known to the New 
Mexicans, whose language, it is said, they understood. 


THE TUKUARIKA OR SHEEPEATERS (Shoshonean). 


This small and insignificant tribe was distinguished as 
being the only tribe of Indians ever known to have regularly 
dwelt within any part of that singular region which is. now 
the Yellowstone National Park. 


THE MOKIS AND THE MOJAVES. 


In the far south dwelt two tribes, the Mokis (Shoshonean), 
in the valley of the Colorado Chiquito, and the Mojaves 
(Yuman) on the lower course of the Colorado of the West, 
who are occasionally mentioned in fur trade literature. It 
was the latter tribe who massacred the party of Jedediah S. 
Smith in August, 1827, while crossing the river on a raft 
en route to California. 


THE NEZ PERCES (Shahapitian). 


These Indians were frequently called by the name Cho- 
punnish, and by their own name, Sahaptin. The name 
Flathead was also applied to them in ignorance of actual 
tribal distinctions on the coast, and much confusion has 
arisen thereby. For example, the famous Flathead deputa- 
tion to St. Louis in 1832 for the purpose of seeking religious 
instruction was undoubtedly composed of Nez Perce In- 
dians. There is, in fact, a great deal in the nomenclature of 
the Western tribes which is still without adequate explana- 
tion, for the customs which would seem to have given rise 
to certain names had almost entirely passed away even in 
the days of the fur trade. Thus one of the most intelligent 
and observing of the traders,” who spent five years in the 

*W. A. Ferris, Life in the Rocky Mountains. 


FURTHER CONFUSION OF NAMES. 889 


Far West from 1830 to 1835, and passed one winter among 
the Flatheads, refers to these incongruities as follows: 
“* Several tribes of mountain Indians, it will be observed, 
have names that would be supposed descriptive of some 
national peculiarity. Among these are the Blackfeet, Flat- 
heads, Pend d’ Oreilles, Nez Perces, Grosventres, etc. And 
_yet it is a fact that of these the first have the whitest feet ; 
there is not among the next a deformed head; .. 
there is not among the Nez Perces an individual having 
any part of the nose perforated; nor do any of the Pend d’ 
Oreilles wear ornaments in their ears; and finally, the Gros- 
ventres are as slim as any other Indians, and corpulency 
among them as rare.’ Whether the Nez Perces ever did 
wear nose pendants does not seem to be a matter of definite 
record, and it may well be doubted. It was a name given 
by the French, and probably with no more reason than were 
the names Grosventre or Pied-noir. But it is a fact that 
the Nez Perces did follow to some extent the custom of flat- 
ening their heads, although it died out after the advent of 
the white man. Mrs. Whitman (1836) records her im- 
pressions upon finding children undergoing this process of 
_ deformation, and there is a positive record by an eye-wit- 
ness that the deputation of Indians who went to St. Louis 
in 1832 had flattened foreheads.* It was, in fact, the Nez 
Perces rather than the tribe which bears the name Flatheads, 
that practiced this deformation, and it was one of the few 
mountain tribes that did so, although the custom prevailed 
extensively among the natives of the coast. The early 
nomenclature, which still obtains, was therefore given in 
ignorance of actual conditions, and is largely misleading. 
That this same confusion of names existed before the advent 
of the white man is evident from the following observation 
by Lewis and Clark: “The custom, indeed, of flattening 
the head by artificial pressure during infancy prevails among 
all the nations that we have seen west of the Rocky Moun- 
tains. To the east of that barrier the fashion is so perfectly 
8 See Appendix D, 


890 THE NEZ PERCES. 


unknown that there the western Indians, with the exception 
of the Snake nations, are designated by the common name: 
Flatheads.” It is singular that this name should finally 
have settled on the tribe where the practice prevailed the 
least.* | 

The country of the Nez Perces was the lower watershed 
of the Snake river, including particularly the valleys of the 
Clearwater and Salmon rivers on the east, and the Grande 
Ronde river on the west. The tribe was the most important 
of the Shahaptian stock, and played a notable part in the fur 
trade and missionary history of the Columbia valley. Phys- 
ically they were a well-developed race, and compared favor- 
ably with the tribes east of the mountains. They were an 
equestrian tribe, and were well supplied with horses. Thetr 
subsistence was both the salmon and buffalo. They made 
annual excursions to the Judith Basin to lay in their supply 
of meat, and the trail habitually followed in these journeys 
is still well known to the white inhabitants of that country. 

All later accounts agree that the Nez Perces were a highly 
honorable tribe in their dealings with the whites and with 
other Indians, although a different impression was made 
upon Lewis and Clark and upon the Astorians. They were 
a brave and powerful tribe, and their relations with all their 
neighbors, except the Blackfeet, were friendly. They were 
always staunch friends of the whites, and it can never cease 
to be a matter of keen regret that their tribal history could 
not have been brought to an end without the mournful 
tragedy of the war of 1877. 

One of the most noteworthy characteristics of this tribe 
and of the Flatheads also was their deeply religious nature. 
They eagerly sought instruction in the Christian religion, 
adopted its rites and ceremonies with zeal, and became the 


*A striking illustration of this confusion of names is found in a 
little incident which occurred in St. Louis when one of a deputation 
of Indians from these distant tribes died there and was buried in the 
Catholic burying ground. The record of burial refers to this Indian as 
a “Nez Perce of the Choponeek tribe, a nation called by the name 
Flathead.” 


THE FLATHEADS, 8gI 


most fruitful field for missionary effort of any of the West- 
ern tribes. 

Although the Nez Perce country belonged commercially 
to the Hudson Bay Company, the American traders operated 
in it extensively. It was rich in beaver fur, and this, with 
the abundance of horses to be had from these Indians, 
made them an important tribe to the trade. Fort Nez 
Perce or Walla Walla, a Hudson Bay Company post, was 
located on Snake river a little above the mouth of the Walla 
Walla. 


THE FLATHEADS OR SALISH (Salishan). - 


The Flatheads here referred to dwelt in the extreme west- 
ern part of Montana between the Continental Divide on the 
east and the Bitter Root range on the west. Their country 
was drained by Clark’s Fork of the Columbia, and its center 
was near the large and beautiful Flathead Lake. 

The characteristics of the Nez Perce Indians were accen- 
tuated in the Flatheads. They were extremely receptive 
of religious influences; always friendly to the whites, and 
to most of the neighboring tribes; brave and vigorous in 
battle, and intensely warlike when war was unavoidable. 
Nearly all their hostile encounters were with the Blackfeet, 
but these were many. If we may accept the evidence of 
Father De Smet, whose affection for these Indians made 
him rather partial towards them, they were more than a 
match in battle with their enemies. 

The Flathead country was very rich in beaver, and was 
a great resort for trappers. The Hudson Bay Company 
maintained a regular post there. 


OTHER TRIBES OF THE COLUMBIA VALLEY. 


The valley of the Columbia lying outside the pale of the 
American fur trade, except in the country of the Shoshones, 
Nez Perces, and Flatheads, no detailed notice will be given 
of the tribes dwelling there. The number of these tribes 
was very great. In the upper Columbia valley were the 


&g2 COAST TRIBES. 


Pend d’Oreilles, Coeur d’Alénes, Spokanes, Cayuses, Walla 
Wallas, and Umatillas, who resembled in characteristics and 
customs the Flatheads and the Nez Perces. The Indians 
along the lower Columbia were a very different sort of 
people, owing to their different environment and means of 
subsistence. The Indians of the plains and the central 
mountain regions were horsemen, accustomed to the most 
hardy exercises in the pursuit of game and war and they 
were generally muscular and well formed. The coast In- 
dians, on the other hand, subsisted principally upon fish, 
passed their time largely on or around the water, paddling 
in their canoes, or engaged in the unathletic work of still 
fishing. They were less strong physically than the plains 
Indians, of inferior build, and in no sense comparable to 
them as specimens of physical manhood. They became, 
indeed, very expert in the arts that pertain to canoe naviga- 
tion and fishing, but they were physically ill-formed, with 
“broad, flat feet, thick ankles and crooked legs.”’ 

The tribes near the mouth of the Columbia were gener- 
ally friendly to the whites, and were of great importance 
in the early fur trade of this section. They were much 
addicted to small thieving and were inveterate gamblers, 
though not so fond of liquor as most other tribes. They 
were excellent traffickers, having quickly learned the white 
man’s value of their wares and were as shrewd as any one 
in driving a bargain. 

Near the Cascades and Dalles of the Columbia dwelt some 
of the most troublesome tribes to be found in the entire 
West. They were sagacious and shrewd, but entirely with- 
out conscience, and were the boldest and most successful 
thieves and robbers among the aboriginal tribes. This 
locality had long been a trading emporium between the 
Indians of the upper and lower Columbia, and the Indians 
there seem to have acted as middlemen in the traffic. Dur- 
ing the career of the Pacific Fur Company on the Columbia 
these Indians were a constant peril to expeditions passe 
up and down the : river. 3 


oye a) 


DEMCO, INC. 38-2971 | 


Sides 


tlie ln 


| : | bi casera a oe eg nts : ES eae an eat pee Fe 


TN 


» ? 
ee 
s <a 


noes 

SS, 
at ae ha Nae tay tae 
¥)y 525 S. 


ae, 


Tip rate 
seit 
Sate 


Pi 
bee 52 


* 


Ce SS dS « 
Ae wo eee Se 
; tee Tae. 


ase 


ih 
“tae 


rurh 
seeteset 
feliele Ses 


io ane a 
eee 


nos 


mI 
Ls 


« 
es 
poe jt 
Wie 


aie 
ete nit a 
Paice eet 


re Shee 


af . 
eure 


Aotte 

inte 

bette 
cae 


BAIS 


one 
ei hs 
eta at ‘ : : be : Z 
"i “it 9s Dh the Sa Ro Ee pe dD? “t de " - ‘ 
5 PP CP eT PSO } : Pip . Sake, yeh 
ea Sig a args ce as vatee OT PET OE OT Be ie ae Ie 4 Fs fa crak g ce ete® & 


IRF ee 
Est ge 
Race 


ae 

Sa 
mone 
uh 


Rep 


he a 


