LIBRARY  OF  CONGRESS 


ODDET^a'^aO 


%. 


Class  F  15  t_ 
Book_Lka__CX 
GwrigMN^ 


COPYRIGHT  DE-'uSlr. 


60-'^05  3 


LYNCHBURG 

and  ITS  PEOPLE 


^ 


BY 

IF.  Asbury  Christian 


Lynchburg : 

J.  P.  Bell  Company,  Printers. 

1900 


14288 


|l_ibr««ry  of  Con<jres6 

Two  Copies  RECti-EO  \ 
JUL    3    1900    j 

Conyriphi  eiitiy 


No 


^/^7o9 


JUL 


SECOMD  COPY. 

OtiHvertrf  to 

ORDEK  DIVISION, 

5    1900 


Copyright,  1900, 

By  w.  asbury  christian, 

All  rights  reserved. 


(To 

The  Grand- daughter  of  one  of  the  original  trustees 
of  the  town  of  Lynchburg,  my  dearest  friend, 

mij  mother^ 

And  to  all  the  other  noble  women, 

whose  names  may  not  appear  upon  these  pages, 

but  who,  nevertheless,  by  their  fidelity  and  womanly 

greatness  have  made  our  city  what  it  is, 

this  volume  is  affectionately 

Dedicated. 


PREFACE. 


I  have  undertaken  to  do  what  is  seldom  done — to  write  the 
history  of  a  Southern  to\v-n.  I  suppose  few  have  thought  it  worth 
while  to  write  of  a  single  town,  unless  there  be  something  extra- 
ordinary that  should  be  told.  It  seems  to  me,  however,  that  if 
history  is  Avorth  anything,  that  history  is  most  valuable  which  tells 
of  the  "triumphs  of  peace,"  of  the  industrial,  social  and  intellectual 
development,  and  of  the  heroic  deeds  of  the  people  nearest  to  us. 

I  cannot  claim  that  the  history  of  Ljmchburg  is  of  greater 
importance  than  that  of  other  places,  except  to  the  people  of 
Lynchburg.  It  may  be  of  interest  to  them  to  learn  of  the  struggles 
tlirough  which  the  fathers  passed  to  establish  our  native  city,  and 
coming  generations  may  be  concerned  to  know  what  we  did  to  make 
life  more  comfortable,  and  to  bequeath  to  them  larger  opportunities 
for  usefulness. 

Such  are  the  limitations  of  my  work  that  I  have  not  been  able  to 
tell  all  that  I  would  have  liked  to  tell,  neither  have  I  found  time 
and  space  to  trace  family  histories,  interesting  of  course  to  the 
families.  I  have  spoken  of  people  only  as  they  were  connected  with 
the  town's  history,  hence  many  worthy  citizens  have  not  been 
mentioned  because  their  quiet  life  kept  them  out  of  the  public  view. 
At  the  risk  of  being  tedious,  I  have  given  the  names  of  the  citizens 
who  took  part  in  affairs  of  importance,  in  order  that  the  men  and 
the  movements  might  be  associated  together. 

The  work  could  have  been  done  better,  but  with  the  responsibility 
of  a  large  church,  I  have  done  what  I  could,  and  I  trust  that  my 
efforts  will  be  looked  upon  by  my  townspeople  with  a  leniency  that 
should  view  a  labor  largely  inspired  by  love. 

The  willmgness  of  all  upon  whom  I  have  called  to  render  such 
assistance  as  they  could  is  worthy  of  mention ;  but  I  must  acknowledge 
my  special  indebtedness  to  "Sketches  and  Recollections  of  Lynch- 
burg," by  Mrs.  Margaret  Cabell ;  to  Carter  Glass,  of  the  Lynchburg 
News;  Robert  J.  Davis,  N.  B.  James,  John  W.  Lankford,  Rev.  T. 
H.  Early,  General  T.  T.  Munford,  Colonel  M.  S.  Langhome,  Major 
John  W.  Daniel,  Captain  Charles  M.  Blackford,  W.  B.  Snead, 
"William  Davis,  F.  J.  Doherty,  Mrs.  Teresa  Jordan  Ambler,  Mrs. 
A.  E.  Cross,  Miss  Juliet  Fauntleroy,  and  to  John  W.  Crawford, 
colored,  who  loaned  me  books  and  papers. 

Lynchburg,  January  24,  1900. 


\ 


CONTENTS. 

CHAPTER  1—1720.  page 

The  LTncheB,  the  Quakers,  and  the  Quaker  Meeting  House ....       9 

CHAPTEE  11—1754-1800. 

New   London  ;    Lynch    Law  ;    Lynch' s    Ferry ;    Founding  of 

L}Tichburg IS 

CHAPTER  lU— 1800-1810. 

First  Methodist  Church  ;  Lynchburg  Incorporated  ;  Progress  of 
the  Town 28 

CHAPTER  IV— 1810-1820. 

War  ;  Burning  of  the  Theatre  ;  Public  Improvements  ;  General 
Jackson's  Visit ;  First  Presbyterian  Church  ;  River  Naviga- 
tion ;  The  Boom  ;  The  Baptist 42 

CHAPTER  V— 1820-1830. 

Episcopal  Church  ;  Death  of  John  Lynch  ;  Preparation  for 
General  Lafayette's  Visit;  Efforts  to  Save  Mr.  Jefferson's 
Home;  Henry  Clay's  Visit;  The  Water- Works ;  The 
Barnes,  and  the  Lost  Child 71 

CHAPTER  VI— 1830-1840. 

Mrs.  Royal I's  Visit  ;  The  Carnival  of  Death;  Lynchburg  and 
New  River  Railroad  ;  The  Canal ;  Falling  Stars  ;  Trouble 
with  the  Slaves  ;  Lj-nchburg's  Poet 101 

CHAPTER  VII— 1840-1850. 

First  Boat ;  War  with  Mexico  ;  Richmond  and  Ohio  Railroad  ; 

The  Great  Struggle  ;  Success 128 

CHAPTER  VIII— 1850-1860. 

Beginning  the  Road  ;  Continued  Prosperity;  The  Town  becomes 
a  City;  The  Dog  Fight ;  Norfolk  and  Portsmouth  Stricken; 
Fires  ;  John  Brown's  Raid 146 


o  CONTENTS. 

CHAPTER  IX— 1860-1870.  page 

Secession  ;  War  ;  Eeconstruction  ;  Hard  Times  ;    Reception  to 

Ex-President  Johnson,  and  estimate  of  him 181 

CHAPTER  X— 1870-1880. 

Re-admission ;  The  Capitol  Disaster ;  The  Great  Freshet  ; 
General  Lee  dead  ;  Public  Schools  Established  ;  Railroad 
Building ;  Financial  Crisis  ;  Bishop  Early  dies  ;  Great 
Religious  Awakening  ;  Tlie  Falling  Hotel  ;  Politics 274 

CHAPTER  XI— 1880-1890. 

Prosperity;  President  Garfield's  death;  The  Great  Fire;  The 
Incendiary  ;  A  New  Railroad  ;  The  Miraculous  Railroad 
Accident;  Judge  James  Garland;  Effects  of  Cleveland's 
Election 328 

CHAPTER  XII— 1890-1900. 

""VVet  or  Dry";  The  Boom;  The  Woman's  College;  Hard 
Times,  the  result  of  the  Boom  ;  General  Early's  death  ; 
The  University  Burned  ;  War  with  Spain  ;  Departure  of 
Lynchburg  Troops  ;  Great  Prosperity  ;  Closing  Events 382 

Appendix 483 


Lynchburg  and  Its  People. 


CHAPTER  I. 

In  the  year  172U,  or  thereabout,  a  youth  of  pome 
fifteen  summers  became  dissatisfied  with  his  iiome  in 
Ireland  and  determined  to  leave  it.  The  cause  of  this 
dissatisfaction  was  the  ill-troatnient  of  liis  stepmother, 
although  some  say  it  was  the  harsh  discipline  of  his 
school-teacher.  He  kept  his  purpose  to  himself  until 
he  met  a  sea  captain  who  was  on  the  eve  of  sailing  for 
North  America.  To  him  he  told  his  story,  and  begged 
that  he  would  take  him  aboard  his  ship.  The  ciiptain 
agreed,  and  the  ship  put  out  to  sea.  It  had  not  gone 
far  before  the  boy  repented  of  his  rash  act  and  longed 
to  be  back  home  again  ;  and  seeing  all  other  ways  of 
return  cut  otT,  he  threw  himself  into  the  sea  and  at- 
tempted to  swim  to  shore.  He  was  rescued  by  one  of 
the  sailors,  and  the  ship  proceeded  on  its  course. 

After  a  long  voyage,  the  ship  reached  Virginia  and 
began  to  discharge  its  cargo.  The  captain  had  to  make 
some  disposition  of  the  boy  indented  to  him  for  his 
passage,  so  he  apprenticed  him  to  Christopher  Clark,  a 
Quaker,  and  a  wealthy  tobacco  planter,  who  lived  in 
what  is  now  Louisa  county. 

Young  Charles  Lynch,  or  Licht,  as  it  was  sometimes 


10  LYNCHBUEG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

called,  went  to  work  with  a  heavy  heart,  for  he  was  a 
stranger  in  a  strange  land.  But  this  did  not  last  long. 
Sarah  Clark,  a  daughter  of  the  planter,  began  to  sym- 
pathize with  the  young  man,  and  before  many  years  had 
passed  the  old  story  was  repeated  :  there  was  a  love 
affair,  a  courtship,  and  Charles  Lynch  and  Sarah  Clark 
were  married. 

After  the  marriage  they  moved  to  a  farm  called 
"  Chestnut  Hill,"  on  James  river,  about  one  mile 
below  the  present  site  of  Lynchburg,  in  what  is  now 
Campbell  county.  Charles  Lynch  took  up  large  tracts 
of  land  on  the  James  and  Staunton  rivers.  These 
grants*  from  George  II,  through  William  Gooch,  Lieu- 
tenant-Governor of  Virginia,  show  that  in  consideration 
of  a  few  pounds  sterling  and  a  promise  to  improve 
the  land,  there  were  given  to  him  thousands  of  acres 
of  valuable  land.  Six  children  were  born  to  them  : 
Charles,  Penelope,  Sarah,  John,  Christopher,  and  Ed- 
ward. Of  these  children  Charles  and  John  are  of  most 
interest  to  us,  as  will  be  seen  later. 

Sarah  Clark  Lynch  was  a  member  of  the  Society  of 
Friends,  or  Quakers,  and  was  expelled  for  marrying 
outside  of  her  Society,  Charles  Lynch  not  being  reli- 
giously disposed.  She  was,  however,  received  again, 
as  the  following  extract  from  the  records  shows  :  "  At 
Camp  Creek  Meeting,  Green  Spring,  Louisa  Co.,  16th 
of  4th  month,  1750,  Sarah  Lynch  was  received  into 
membership."     While  not  recognized  as  a  member  by 


*The  old  parchments  are  now  in  the  bands  of  some  of  Charles 
.Lynch's  descendants. 


LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  11 

the  Quakers,  she  was  nevertheless  true  to  her  religious 
beliefs,  and  held  meetings  in  her  own  house,  in  which 
her  children  and  others  were  instructed.  This  was  the 
beginning  of  the  Quaker  meetings  which  are  so  closely 
connected  with  the  history  of  Lynchburg. 

South  River  Meeting,  as  it  was  called,  was  regularly 
established  in  the  year  1757.  The  first  entry  in  the 
records  is  as  follows :  "  At  a  meeting  held  at  South 
River  the  29th  of  the  11th  month,  1757.  The  record- 
ing the  names  and  ages  of  Friends'  children  referred  to 
the  clerk,  who  is  directed  to  enter  them  without  trou- 
bling the  meeting.  The  choice  of  overseers  being  con- 
sidered, the  meeting  appoints  Boling  Clark  and  Edward 
Clark  for  South  River." 

Not  long  after  this  a  log  meeting  house  was  built 
near  the  site  of  the  old  stone  meeting  house.  The  house 
was  not  large  enough  for  the  growing  meetings,  so  they 
determined  to  enlarge  it,  as  the  following  extracts  from 
the  records  show :  "At  a  monthly  meeting  held  at 
South  River  the  19th  of  the  2nd  month,  1763,  the 
representative  being  called,  appeared  for  South  River. 
The  direction  of  the  Quarterly  Meeting  that  the  right 
of  land  whereon  the  Meeting  House  is  built  be  made 
good  against  next  Quarterly  Meeting,  Boling  Clark, 
William  Johnson  and  Charles  Lynch  are  appointed  as 
trustees  for  this  meeting,  and  it  is  directed  that  the  land 
on  which  this  house  stands  be  made  safe  for  the  use 
intended."  .  .  .  "  At  a  monthly  meeting  held  at  South 
River  the  19th  of  the  3rd  month,  1763,  the  represen- 
tatives being  called,  appeared.     The  Friends  appointed 


12  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

as  trustees  respecting  the  Meeting  House  Land  reported 
they  have  taken  the  needful  care.  The  workmen  em- 
ployed to  build  an  addition  to  the  Meeting  House  have 
finished  the  same,  and  brought  in  their  charge,  which 
is  allowed.  Boling  Clark  and  Daniel  Candler  are  ap- 
pointed to  inform  Friends  who  are  not  present  that  they 
are  desired  to  bring  in  their  subscriptions  to  next  meet- 
ing, also  to  be  furnished  in  order  to  raise  more,  as  the 
subscription  is  not  sufficient  to  answer  the  present 
charge,  and  report  their  case." 

Early  in  1763  we  find  the  Quakers  established  at 
South  River,  and  a  better  people,  perhaps,  never  lived. 
They  were  distinguished  in  many  particulars  from  the 
other  people  who  lived  near  them.  Their  dress  was 
uniform  and  very  simple.  The  men  wore  broad- 
brimmed  hats  and  curved  or  shad-bellied  coats,  and 
the  women  wore  sad-colored  dresses  and  coal-scuttle 
bonnets.  Their  speech  was  simple,  using  the  regula- 
tion "  thee  "  and  "  thou."  Their  discipline  was  strict, 
and  members  were  dismissed  for  the  slightest  infraction 
of  their  rules.  In  regard  to  this,  we  give  some  inter- 
esting quotations  from  the  old  records  : 

"Whereas  Charles  Lynch,*  having  been  a  member  of  the  Society 
of  the  People  called  Quakers,  and  having,  contrary  to  our  known 
principles,  been  guilty  of  taking  solemn  oaths,  we  do  testify  against  all 
such  practices,  and  the  acter  thereof  from  being  any  longer  a  member 
of  our  Society,  till  it  may  please  God  to  convict  him  of  his  error  and 
work  repentance  in  him  by  a  Godly  sorrow,  which  is  the  sincere  de- 
sire of  us.     Signed  on  behalf  of  the  meeting. 

William  Ferkell,  Clerk. 

South  Meeting  House,  20th  of  the  12th  mo.,  1767." 

*Son  of  first  Charles  Lynch,  who  died  1752. 


LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  13 

Charles  Lynch  was  reinstated,  and  again  turned  out 
for  taking  up  arms  in  his  country's  defence,  as  was 
James  Johnson.  One  member  was  married  by  a  preacher 
not  a  Quaker,  and  this  appears  : 

"Whereas  Zachariah  Moorman  hath  so  far  deviated  from  the 
rules  of  our  Society  as  to  be  married  by  an  hireling  Priest,  we  do 
testify  against  him,  8tli  of  5th  mo.,  1777." 

The  Friends  appointed  to  speak  with  those  Friends 
who  had  not  discharged  their  negroes  report  that  they 
have  had  an  "  opportunity  "  with  them.  John  Lynch 
was  before  the  meeting  for  using  harsh  words  towards 
a  Friend.  AViHiam  Ferrell  was  disowned  for  marrying 
a  woman  not  a  Friend.  "■  Enoch  Roberts  sent  a  paper 
to  this  meeting  condemning  his  conduct  in  procuring 
firearms  for  his  defence,  which  this  meeting  accepts." 
Many  are  the  complaints  against  the  members  for  pro- 
fane language,  intemperance,  dishonesty  in  business,  and 
other  immoralities,  but  the  following  against  Samuel  J. 
Harrison  will  be  of  interest  to  the  members  of  the 
Masonic  fraternity  : 

South  River,  15th  of  3rd  month,  1794.  A  complaint  was  brought 
into  this  meeting  from  the  preparative  meeting  against  Sam'l  J. 
Harrison  for  joining  and  associating  with  those  called  Masons,  who 
appeared  in  the  exercise  of  swords  and  musical  instruments.  Micajah 
Davis,  John  Lynch  and  William  Pidgeon  are  appointed  to  visit  him 
and  report  to  this  meeting." 

The  men  and  women  held  separate  meetings  for  the 
transaction  of  business,  and  the  women  frequently  had 
to  reprove  some  of  their  members.  I  quote  a  part  of 
the  proceedings  of  one  of  their  meetings : 


14  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

"At  a  meeting  of  the  Women  Friends  held  at  South  River  the 
11th  of  the  10th  mo.,  1806.  The  representatives  from  the  prepara- 
tive meeting  are,  for  South  River,  Mary  Lynch  and  Elizabeth  Doug- 
lass. The  queries  were  read  and  answered  in  substance  as  follows  : 
Ans.  1.  Meetings  are  duly  attended  by  most  Friends  on  1st  days,  but 
much  neglected  on  week  days  and  those  for  discipline.  No  complaint 
of  unbecoming  behavior  when  met.  Ans.  2.  Love  and  unity  are 
maintained  in  a  good  degree  among  us.  Talebearing  and  detraction 
mostly  discouraged.  Ans.  3.  It  appears  that  Friends  generally  avoid 
vain  sports,  places  of  diversion,  gaming  and  unnecessary  frequenting 
of  taverns,  also  the  common  and  unnecessary  use  of  distilled  spirits 
and  other  intemperance  is  mostly  guarded  against.  Ans.  4.  No 
complaint  of  unjust  dealing,  but  punctuality  is  not  so  fully  kept  as 
is  desired.  No  complaint  of  false  or  clandestine  trade,  or  of  buying 
or  selling  goods  so  imported,  or  prize  goods.  Ans.  5.  We  know  of 
none  who  contribute  to  an  hireling  minister,  and  Friends  appear 
generally  careful  not  to  attend  places  of  ceremonious  worship,  nor 
take  or  administer  oaths,  bear  arms,  or  act  in  any  military  service. 
Ans.  6.  We  know  of  none  among  us  who  hold  slaves.  Some  are 
concerned  to  instruct  the  black  children  under  their  care." 

An  interesting  custom  of  the  Quakers  was  the  mar- 
riage ceremony.  I  shall  give  the  report  of  the  marriage 
of  "  Friend  "  Davis,  who  lived  in  the  house  now  occu- 
pied by  Dr.  George  M.  Preston,  corner  Main  and 
Thirteenth  streets,  and  was  known  to  many  of  the  older 
citizens : 

"Whereas  William  Davis,  son  of  Sam'l  Davis,  and  Annis,  his 
wife,  of  Bedford  Co.,  and  Zalinda  Lynch,  daughter  of  John  Lynch 
and  Mary,  his  wife,  of  Campbell  Co.,  and  both  of  the  State  of  Va., 
having  declared  their  intention  of  marriage  with  each  other  before 
several  monthly  meetings  of  Friends  at  South  River,  Campbell  Co., 
according  to  the  good  order  used  amongst  them,  whose  proceedings 
therein,  after  deliberate  consideration,  they  appearing  clear  of  all 
other  marriage  engagements,  were  approved  by  this  meeting.  These 
are  to  certify  all  whom  it  may  concern,  that  for  the  accomplishment 
of  their  intention,  they,  William  Davis  and  Zalinda  L}Tich,  appear- 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 


15 


ing  in  a  Publick  of  the  aforesaid  people  and  others  at  the  Meeting 
House  this  13th  day  of  the  5th  month,  in  the  year  of  our  Lord  1793, 
and  in  a  solemn  manner  William  Davis  taking  Zalinda  Lynch  by  the 
hand,  did  openly  declare  as  foUoweth  in  the  presence  of  this  Assem- 
bly: "I  take  Zalinda  Lynch  in  marriage,  promising  with  Divine 
assistance  to  be  unto  her  a  true  and  faithful  husband  until  death  shall 
separate  us"  (or  words  to  the  same  effect),  and  then  and  there  in 
the  said  assembly  Zalinda  Lynch,  taking  the  man  by  the  hand,  de- 
clared as  followeth  :  "I  take  William  Davis  in  marriage,  promising 
with  Divine  assistance  to  be  unto  him  a  true  and  faithful  wife  until 
death  shall  separate  us."  And  the  said  William  Davis  and  Zalinda 
Lynch  (now  his  wife),  as  a  further  confirmation  of  the  said  marriage, 
did  then  and  there  to  tli&sc  preseuts  set  their  hands,  and  we  whose 
names  are  hereunto  subscribed  being  present  at  the  solemnization  of 
the  above  marriage  as  witnesses,  have  also  subscribed  our  names. 

William  Davis. 

Zalinda  Lynch. 


Wm.  Johnson, 
Arch  Lacey, 
Wm.  Stanton, 
George  Roberts, 
Robt.  ITanna, 
Cathe.  Hanna, 
Gerard  Johnson, 
Susanna  Miller, 
Vernon  Metcalf, 
Matilda  Roberts, 
Mary  Terrell, 
Ann  Terrell, 
Sally  Lynch, 
Elizabeth  Douglass, 
Paley  Fowler, 
Sarah  Lodge, 
Agatha  Dicks, 
Elizabeth  Johpson, 


John  Lynch, 
Sam'l  Lyncli, 
Enoch  Roberts, 
John  Davis,  Sr., 
Achilles  Douglass, 
Tliomas  Davis, 
Micajah  Davis, 
Mary  Timberlake, 
Gideon  Lece, 
John  Baughan, 
Wm.  Dicks, 
David  Johnson, 
Ashby  Johnson,  Jr. 
Ed.  Terrell, 
Penelope  Johnson, 
Susanna  Johnson, 
Wm.  Johnson, 
Rebeckah  Preston, 


Joe.  Johnson, 
Sarali  Terrell, 
Mildred  Johnson, 
Alice  Taylor, 
Jos.  Martin, 
Lacy  Baughan, 
Newberry  Johnson, 
Dudley  Care, 
Tace  Nichols, 
Anna  Lea, 
Micajah  Terrell,  Jr. 
Sam'l  Terrell, 
Robt.  Johnson, 
Chris.  Johnson, 
Robt.  Burton. 
Isaac  Parish, 
!Mary  Terrell, 
Miurny  Johnson." 


At  a  meeting  held  on  the  20th  of  the  11th  month, 
1791,  it  was  decided  to  build  a  new  meeting  house  of 


16  LYNCHBURG    AND    IlvS    PEOPLE. 

stone,  fifty  feet  by  thirty-two,  and  twelve  feet  high,  and 
on  the  17th  of  the  12th  month  of  the  same  year  the 
following  building  committee  :  Micajah  Davis,  William 
Staunton,  William  Davis,  Samuel  Davis,  Joseph  Strat- 
ton,  Christopher  Anthony,  Achilles  Douglass,  Joe  An- 
thony, and  William  Pidgeon,  reported  that  they  had 
let  the  work  and  taken  considerable  subscription.  This 
was  the  house  whose  walls  now  stand. 

The  Quakers,  like  the  churches  of  the  present  day, 
found  it  not  an  easy  matter  to  raise  enough  money  for 
building,  hence  the  work  was  delayed,  and  was  not 
finished  until  the  close  of  1798. 

Here  in  this  stone  meeting  house  these  devout  people 
gathered  every  Thursday  and  Sunday  through  the  year 
to  worship  God.  It  was  a  solemn  scene.  In  the  quiet 
forest,  with  the  silence  unbroken  save  by  the  passing  of 
an  occasional  vehicle  or  the  sweet  song  of  some  happy 
bird  that  had  approached,  the  young  and  the  old  waited 
reverently  for  the  moving  of  the  Spirit,  or  if  that  did 
not  come,  for  the  hand-shaking  of  the  elders,  which  was 
the  signal  for  dismissal. 

When  the  War  of  1812  came  on,  many  were  turned 
out  of  the  Society  for  taking  up  arms.  They  not  only 
did  not  countenance  war,  but  refused  to  assist  in  any 
way  in  carrying  it  on.  At  a  meeting  held  the  9th  of 
4th  month,  1814,  an  account  of  Friends  suffering  from 
muster  fines  was  laid  before  the  meeting:.  There  was 
taken  from  Josiah  Bailey  by  Thomas  Claytor,  deputy 
sheriff  of  Bedford  county,  one  pair  saddle-bags  worth 
four  dollars  ;  demand,  seventy-five  cents.     Taken  from 


RUINS  OF  THE  QUAKER   MEETING-HOUSE 


liYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  17 

Stephen  Butler,  Jr.,  by  John  Talbot,  deputy  sheriff  of 
Campbell  county,  one  counting  reel  worth  two  dollars ; 
demand,  three  dollars  and  twenty-five  cents.  These 
cases  were  referred  to  the  quarterly  meeting  for  inves- 
tigation. 

The  register  of  births  and  marriages  was  kept  up 
until  1858,  but  the  meetings  were  discontinued  in  1839. 
Then  Quakerism  was  no  longer  a  religious  denomina- 
tion, but  the  principles  taught  by  these  simple-hearted 
and  faithful  men  and  women  abide  even  to  this  day. 
In  the  quiet  graveyard  adjoining  the  meeting  house, 
many  whose  happy  lives  had  woven  into  them  the  golden 
cord  of  the  meeting  house  experience,  now  sleep  the 
peaceful  sleep  of  the  tomb.  The  meeting  house  itselt 
is  crumbling  to  dust,  and  as  we  stand  amid  its  ruins  we 
can  but  muse : 

"  As  sadly  sighs  the  wandering  winds, 

Where  oft,  in  years  gone  by, 
Prayers  rose  from  many  hearts  to  Him, 

The  Highest  of  the  High  ; 
The  tramp  of  many  a  heavy  foot 

That  sought  thy  aisles  is  o'er, 
And  many  a  weary  heart  aroimd 

Is  still  forever  more. ' ' 


CHAPTER  11. 

Some  ten  or  fifteen  miles  from  "Chestnut  Hill," 
where  Charles  Lynch  settled,  there  was  a  small  village 
that  was  destined  to  figure  in  history.  The  village  was 
begun  before  Lynch  ever  crossed  the  James  river,  and 
when,  in  1746,  Lunenburg  county  was  formed  from 
Brunswick,  this  village  became  the  county-seat.  Seven 
years  after,  when  Bedford  was  formed  from  Lunenburg, 
it  still  retained  the  honor  of  being  the  county-seat  of 
the  new  county.  Mr.  Jefferson,  in  his  "  Notes,"  written 
1781,  speaking  of  the  villages  or  hamlets  on  the  James 
river  and  its  waters,  mentions,  among  others,  Richmond, 
Manchester,  Charlottesville,  and  New  London.  At  this 
time  there  were  seventy  or  eighty  houses  at  New  London, 
besides  an  arsenal,  a  long  wooden  structure  which  was 
nearly  opposite  Echols  Tavern,  and  which  was  after- 
wards moved  to  Harper's  Ferry.  There  was  also  a  build- 
ing used  as  a  magazine  in  the  Revolutionary  War,  which 
was  guarded  by  some  American  soldiers.  In  1781  Gen- 
eral Cornwallis  sent  Colonel  Tarleton  to  destroy  any 
stores  he  might  find,  intercept  some  troops  thought  to  be 
moving  on  to  join  General  Lafayette,  and  to  proceed  to 
Poplar  Forest  and  capture  Mr.  Jefferson,  who  was  con- 
fined there  in  consequence  of  a  fall  from  his  horse. 
Tarleton  found  neither  stores  nor  troops,  and  proceeded 
no  further,  but  returned  to  the  main  army. 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  19 

While  the  war  was  in  progress  the  Tories  in  this  part 
of  Virginia  gave  the  people  a  great  deal  of  trouble. 
They  formed  a  conspiracy  against  the  Commonwealth, 
and  with  a  number  of  desperadoes  inflicted  great  loss 
and  injury  upon  the  people.  Colonel  Charles  Lynch, 
brother  of  John  Lynch,  Colonel  William  Preston, 
Colonel  James  Calloway,  and  Captain  Robert  Adams, 
Jr.,  seeing  that  the  State  at  this  time  could  not  afford 
the  necessary  protection,  organized  as  many  men  as  they 
could  get,  pursued  these  marauders  and  captured  many 
of  them.  Colonel  Lynch  was  appointed  judge.  The 
punishment  mflicted  was  either  flogging  or  imprison- 
ment, and  in  few,  if  any,  cases  death.  The  law  as  thus 
administered  was  called,  in  honor  of  the  judge,  Lynch's 
Law.  Many  of  the  more  respectable  Tories  who  were 
flogged  instituted  suit  for  the  infliction  of  this  punish- 
ment. Whereupon  the  General  Assembly,  in  October, 
1782,  sanctioned  Lynch's  Law  by  passing  the  following 
act  for  the  protection  of  the  parties  engaged  : 

"Whereas  divers  evil  disposed  persons  in  the  year  1780  formed  a 
conspiracy,  and  did  actually  attempt  to  levy  war  against  the  Com- 
monwealth, and  it  is  represented  to  the  present  General  Assembly 
that  "William  Preston,  Robert  Adams,  Jr.,  James  Calloway  and 
Charles  Lynch,  and  other  faithful  citizens,  aided  by  detachments  of 
volunteers  from  different  parts  of  the  State,  did  by  timely  and  effectual 
measures  suppress  such  conspiracy  ;  and  whereas  the  measures  taken 
for  that  purpose  may  not  be  strictly  warranted  by  law,  although  jus- 
tifiable from  the  imminence  of  danger  : 

Be  it  therefore  enacted,  that  said  "William  Preston,  Eobert  Adams, 
Jr.,  James  Calloway  and  Charles  Lynch,  and  all  other  persons  what- 
soever concerned  in  suppressing  said  conspiracy  or  in  advising,  issuing 
or  executing  any  orders  or  measures  taken  for  that  purpose,  stand 


20  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

indemnified  and  exonerated  of  and  from  all  pains,  penalties,  prose- 
cutions, actions,  suits  or  danger  on  account  thereof;  and  that  if 
any  indictment,  prosecution,  action,  or  suit  shall  be  laid  or  brought 
against  them,  or  any  of  them,  for  any  action  or  thing  done  therein, 
the  defendant  or  defendants  may  plead  in  bar  or  the  general  issue, 
and  give  this  act  in  evidence." 

This  was  the  origin  of  Lynch  Law  in  America,  which 
of  late  years  has  become  such  a  menace  to  society. 
Colonel  Lynch's  home  was  in  Campbell  county,  not  far 
from  New  London,  and  it  is  claimed  that  the  tree  now 
stands  under  which  many  of  his  trials  took  place. 

There  were  several  Scotch  merchants  engaged  in 
business  at  New  London  who,  being  Tories,  were  sus- 
pected of  being  in  sympathy  with  the  conspiracy,  and 
were  forced  to  leave.  This  had  its  eifect  upon  the 
prosperity  of  the  village,  and  from  this  and  other  losses 
it  never  recovered.  One  Scotch  Tory  who  lived  in  the 
county  near  here  has  become  celebrated  in  history. 
This  was  John  Hook,  who  figured  so  conspicuously  in 
the  well-known  "  Beef  Case  "  that  Patrick  Henry  de- 
fended in  the  old  courthouse  at  New  London,  and  spoke 
upon  so  strongly  as  to  ridicule  the  plaintiff  out  of  court. 
The  last  ever  heard  of  John  Hook  was  a  ferocious  ad- 
vertisement in  1805,  in  The  Lynchburg  Star,  for  a  lost 
slave. 

New  London  was  then  a  place  of  much  importance, 
being  the  trading  centre  for  all  the  country  in  this  part 
of  Virginia.  People  coming  from  Charlottesville,  and 
that  part  of  Albemarle  county  which  in  1761  was 
formed  into  Amherst,  had  great  difficulty  in  crossing 
the  James  river.     The  ford  was  near  an  island  in  the 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.         21 

river  (now  called  Percival's  Island)  to  the  county  of 
Bedford.  Fording  was  very  unsatisfactory,  for  the 
water  was  swift  and  dangerous,  and  when  there  had 
been  continuous  rains  the  travelers  were  forced  to  camp 
on  the  banks  of  the  river  until  the  waters  fell  so  as  to 
admit  of  a  safe  passage  over.  The  road  leading  from 
the  river  on  the  Bedford  side  was  known  as  Horse-Ford 
Road.  The  land  about  here  was  inherited  by  Charles 
Lynch's  second  son,  John.  John  Lynch  saw  the  diffi- 
culty of  fording  the  river,  so  in  1757  he  established  a 
ferry  from  his  land  in  Bedford  county  over  the  Flu- 
vanna river  (the  James  river  began  where  the  Fluvanna 
and  the  Rivanna  rivers  met ;  the  river  from  this  point 
to  the  Blue  Ridge  was  the  Fluvanna  and  from  there  to 
its  source  Jackson's  river — Jefferson's  "  Notes  ")  at  the 
mouth  of  Blackwater  creek  to  Micajah  Moorman's  land, 
in  the  county  of  Albemarle.  The  ferry  landed  at  the 
foot  of  the  hill  where  the  Amherst  bridcje  now  stands. 
John  Lynch  built  a  ferry  house  on  the  spot  where  the 
Virginia  and  Tennessee  depot  stood,  and  moved  there 
from  his  place  near  the  Quaker  Meeting  House.  This 
old  ferry  house  was  moved  to  Clay  street,  corner  Tenth, 
and  stands  there  to-day.  Then  it  served  as  a  tavern 
and  also  a  dwelling  for  the  old  Quaker  and  his  family. 
The  ferry  did  a  good  business,  and  soon  shallow  boats, 
called  batteaux,  were  made  in  order  to  carry  produce, 
etc.,  down  the  river.  Mr.  Jefferson  in  his  "Notes," 
speaking  of  the  minerals  of  the  State,  says :  "  From 
the  furnace  the  lead  is  transported  one  hundred  and 
thirty  miles  along  a  good  road,  leading  through  the 


22  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

Peaks  of  Otter  to  Lynch's  ferry,  or  Winston's  (Judge 
Edmund  Winston  then  lived  at  "  Chestnut  Hill "),  on 
James  river ;  from  thence  it  is  carried  by  water  about 
the  same  distance  to  Westham." 

The  ferry  proved  a  good  investment,  and  continued 
its  good  work  of  carrying  freight  and  passengers  across 
the  river.  But  a  new  era  was  dawning.  The  primeval 
forests  remained  undisturbed  on  both  sides  of  the  river, 
except  here  and  there  where  some  settler  had  made  a 
clearing  for  his  home,  or  where  a  narrow  strip  had  been 
cleared  for  a  road.  A  few  miles  from  the  ferry  a  small 
tribe  of  Monagan  Indians  lived  peaceably.  The  echoes 
of  the  Revolution  had  died  away.  General  Washing- 
ton had  retired  to  his  home  at  Mount  Vernon,  and 
Patrick  Henry,  for  the  second  time,  was  Governor  of 
Virginia.  The  Tories,  for  there  were  many  hereabout, 
felt  that  their  greatest  hopes  had  been  dashed  to  pieces, 
and  that  all  was  ruined,  while  the  Americans  were  ex- 
ulting in  their  victory,  and  looking  forward  to  the  peace 
and  prosperity  that  liberty  would  bring  to  them.  As 
yet  the  Constitution  had  not  been  adopted,  and  there 
was  no  United  States,  but  only  thirteen  States  bound 
together  by  the  Articles  of  Confederation,  and  of  these 
Virginia  was  the  largest,  stretching  to  the  Great  Lakes 
in  the  Northwest. 

At  this  time  John  Lynch,  inspired,  perhaps,  by  the 
thought  of  what  New  London  might  have  been,  but 
was  not,  conceived  the  idea  of  building  a  town  on  the 
hill  over  which  the  ferry  road  went.  Accordingly  he 
applied  to  the  General  Assembly  for  a  charter,  which 


LYNCHBURa   AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  23 

was  granted  him  October,  1786.  It  was  enacted  "that 
forty-five  acres  of  land,  the  property  of  John  Lynch, 
and  lying  contiguous  to  Lynch's  Ferry,*  are  hereby 
vested  in  John  Clarke,  Adam  Clement,  Charles  Lynch, 
John  Calloway,  Achilles  Douglass,  William  Martin, 
Jesse  Burton,  Joseph  Stratton,  Micajah  Moorman,  and 
Charles  Brooks,  gentlemen,  trustees,  to  be  by  them,  or 
any  six  of  them,  laid  off  in  lots  of  half  acre  each,  with 
convenient  streets,  and  to  establish  a  town  by  the  name 
of  Lynchburg." 

The  first  meeting  of  the  trustees  was  held  May  8, 
1787,  at  which  meeting  Richard  Stith  was  appointed 
to  lay  off  the  land.  He  did  so  according  to  the  plan 
shown  on  the  next  page,  which  is  a  facsimile  of  an 
original  one  now  in  possession  of  Captain  Charles  M. 
Blackford.  This  plan  was  recorded  at  Campbell  Court- 
house February  11,  1805. 

The  half-acre  lots  were  sold  by  the  trustees  for  the 
benefit  of  Mr.  Lynch,  first  at  public  auction  and  then 
at  private  sale.  The  trustees  and  the  lot-owners  had 
little  idea  of  the  place  being  much  more  than  a  town, 
and  for  that  it  was  a  good  situation.  In  a  heavy  wood 
on  the  single  hill  called  Lynchburg  Hill,  which  sloped 
towards  the  river,  surrounded  by  grand  mountain 
scenery,  it  was  a  place  of  great  natural  beauty,  and  a 
situation  both  healthful  and  pleasant.  Had  the  idea  of 
a  city  entered  the  mind  of  the  founder,  a  better  place 
could  have  been  chosen,  but  for  his  purpose  the  one  hill 


*  In  Campbell  county,  which  was  formed  from  Bedford  in  1784. 


-^v^^_02_Jf  o££. 


_^^-^ 

rV 

y^^^4/^ 

F 

^ 

■^a 

^ 

Cv 

V 

■^ 
-^^ 

^ 

^ 

^ 

^ 

^^ 

■/:nu^j?p 

p 
■^ 

^ 

^ 

^ 

^ 

^ 

^ 
■^ 

% 

^ 

^ 

Qv 

V 


^ 


C7r"c5"=5°  Q  60Y>^^£e^ 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  25 

was  more  than  sufficient.     Who  knows  when  he  plans 
but  that  he  may  plan  more  wisely  than  he  thinks  ? 

At  first  the  growth  of  the  town  was  slow.  A  tobacco 
warehouse  and  two  or  three  stores  were  built  outside  of 
the  town  limits  at  the  foot  of  the  hill,  but  it  was  some 
time  before  a  house  was  built  on  Second  (or  Main)  street. 
The  first  store  was  opened  by  William  Wilson,  on  what 
is  now  Jefierson  street,  between  Eighth  and  Ninth,  in 
1790.  The  house  was  afterward  occupied  by  a  man 
named  Niger,  and  was  called  the  Niger  House.  He 
was  miller  for  John  Lynch  at  the  Lynchburg  Mill  in 
1795,  which  stood  on  Blackwater  creek,  at  the  dam 
under  the  present  Sixth  street  bridge.  The  first  ware- 
house built  near  here  was  across  the  river  on  the  hill 
above  the  road  leading  to  the  ford.  It  was  owned  by 
John  Lynch,  and  was  called  Madison  Warehouse,  from 
which  it  is  supposed  Madison  took  its  name.  From  there 
the  tobacco  was  lowered  to  the  river  by  means  of  ropes. 

The  first  warehouse  in  the  town  was  Spring  Hill  (or 
Spring)  Warehouse,  which  was  built  in  1791  on  the 
corner  of  Sixth  alley  (Twelfth  street)  and  Lynch  street, 
where  Bailey's  shop  used  to  be.  The  next  house  built  in 
the  town  was  on  the  corner  of  Second  (Main)  and  Water 
(Ninth)  streets,  where  Adams  Brothers-Paynes  Com- 
pany's office  is.  This  was  a  small  frame  house,  with 
its  gable  end  fronting  Second  street,  and  a  long  porch 
on  Water  street.  It  was  Hoyle's  Tavern,  and  was  later 
called  Eagle  Tavern — by  some,  from  the  reputation  of 
the  place.  Bull  Pup  and  Buzzard. 

There  was  one  church,  just  beyond  Fourth  (Court) 


26  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

street,  between  Tenth  and  Eleventh,  which  was  situated 
in  the  wood  near  where  Colonel  Watts'  residence  is 
now.  It  was  a  frame  house,  one  story  high,  eighteen  by 
twenty-four  feet,  and  was  an  English  church,  built  in 
the  early  part  of  the  reign  of  George  III,  about  1765. 
There  were  two  special  pews,  one  occupied  by  Judge 
Edmund  Winston  and  the  other  by  Major  Samuel  Scott. 
In  1802  the  old  church,  then  used  as  a  school,  burned 
down.  In  the  grove  which  surrounded  this  church 
there  was  a  graveyard  of  some  size,  bounded  by  what 
is  now  Tenth,  Eleventh  and  Court  streets  and  the  branch 
below  Clay.  In  later  years  many  of  the  remains  were 
removed  to  the  Methodist  graveyard.  The  writer  re- 
members, when  a  boy,  seeing  many  human  bones  thrown 
out  when  the  foundation  for  the  house  corner  Tenth  and 
Court  streets  was  being  dug.  When  the  workmen  were 
digging  the  foundation  for  Mr.  Wray's  house,  on  the 
same  lot,  a  large  skeleton  of  a  man  was  unearthed. 
Dr.  Henry  Latham  said  that  from  the  size  of  the  skull 
and  the  length  of  the  bones  of  the  leg,  the  man  was 
seven  feet  tall.  The  bones  were  put  back  into  their 
first  resting  place,  and  will  remain  there  until  the  Last 
Day.  I  wonder  what  part  this  one  took  in  the  affairs 
of  the  State  or  the  building  of  the  town  ? 

In  1794  there  was  a  great  freshet,  that  did  much 
damage  to  property  on  the  river,  but  did  not  reach  the 
village  on  the  hill. 

The  town  continued  to  grow,  and  in  June,  1798,  the 
first  paper  was  started.  It  was  The  Lynchburg  Adver- 
tiser and  Farmers  Gazette,  John  Carter,  printer ;  price, 


N 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  27 

fifteen  shillings  per  annum,  ten  cents  single  copy  ;  issued 
weekly.  How  much  we  would  prize  a  copy  of  this 
paper,  but  perhaps  there  is  not  one  in  existence. 

The  Masons  organized  a  lodge  here,  and  called  it 
Marshall  Lodge,  No.  39,  A.  F.  &  A.  M.  The  charter 
was  received  November  8,  1793.  Not  many  years 
afterward,  they  built,  on  the  site  where  their  hall  now 
stands,  a  frame  building,  which  was  called  Masons' 
Hall.  In  later  years  it  was  moved  to  Fifth  street,  and 
is  now  occupied  by  Colonel  Forsberg  as  a  residence. 

The  first  movement  towards  supplying  the  town  with 
water  was  made  in  1799,  when  the  trustees  granted  the 
"  Lynchburg  Fire  Company  the  privilege  of  sinking 
several  wells  on  the  main  street,  and  of  erecting  pumps 
for  the  safety  and  convenience  of  the  citizens."  The 
well  at  Jamison's  corner,  which  appeared  to  be  Eighth 
street,  caused  a  great  deal  of  trouble,  and  finally  had  to 
be  filled  up. 

Christmas  in  these  times  was  celebrated  with  great 
joy,  and  this  year  there  was  to  be  a  special  season  of 
festivity,  but  it  was  suddenly  changed  to  a  time  of 
mourning.  A  traveler  from  Richmond,  stopping  at 
the  tavern,  brought  the  sad  news  that  General  Wash- 
ington was  no  more.  He  had  died  at  Mount  Vernon 
December  14,  1799,  now  nearly  two  weeks  ago.  There 
was  general  mourning,  and  especially  among  the  old 
soldiers  who  had  followed  him  through  the  late  war. 

Many  are  the  things  about  the  town  up  to  this  time 
that  we  should  like  to  know,  but  cannot,  for  the  old 
citizens  who  knew  the  traditions  have  gone  to  the  silence 
of  the  tomb,  and  carried  their  knowledge  with  them. 


CHAPTEH  III. 

When  the  new  century  opened,  nearly  fourteen  years 
had  passed  since  the  General  Assembly  granted  a  charter 
for  a  town  at  Lynch's  Ferry.  The  earnest,  quiet  people 
of  the  village  turned  with  inquisitive  gaze  toward  the 
coming  century  ;  but  who  could  tell  what  the  future 
held  for  the  little  place  on  the  hill  overlooking  the 
beautiful  James?  The  very  situation  seemed  to  give 
to  the  inhabitants  industry  and  perseverance,  which  to 
this  day  have  been  the  distinguishing  characteristics  of 
the  people  of  Lynchburg.  What  the  century  had  for 
the  town  they  knew  as  little  as  we  know  what  the  new 
century  has  for  us ;  but  this  they  knew,  that  only  by 
earnest,  persistent  and  straightforward  efforts  could  they 
secure  the  treasures  held  by  the  coming  years. 

At  this  time  there  were  about  five  hundred  inhabi- 
tants in  the  town,  which  was  not  an  inconsiderable  force 
for  the  work  which  lay  before  them. 

An  important  factor  in  the  growth  of  a  place,  and 
one  upon  which  largely  depends  its  social  and  material 
prosperity,  is  its  religious  life.  As  yet  there  was  not  a 
church  within  the  town.  Early  in  the  year  the  Quakers 
of  the  place  petitioned  the  South  River  Meeting  to 
establish  a  meeting  in  Lynchburg.  A  committee  was 
appointed  to  confer  with  the  petitioners,  which  it  did, 
and  reported  adversely  to  their  request.     The  English 


LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  29 

church  was  just  beyond  the  town  limits,  and  that  had 
long  since  gone  out  of  use.  It  was  not  long,  however, 
before  the  courageous  and  untiring  Methodist  circuit- 
rider  found  a  place  to  preach.  As  far  back  as  1798, 
the  preacher  on  the  Bedford  circuit  had  an  appointment 
at  the  Quaker  Meeting  House,  and  shortly  after  its 
completion,  he  was  preaching  in  Masons'  Hall.  In 
September,  1800,  Bishops  Francis  Asbury  and  Richard 
Whatcoat,  accompanied  by  William  McKendree,  Pre- 
siding Elder  of  the  Kentucky  District,  which  embraced 
the  whole  State  of  Kentucky,  came  to  Lynchburg.  In 
his  journal  Bishop  Asbury  thus  speaks  of  his  trip  : 
"  We  rode  from  New  Glasgow  to  Lynchburg,  twenty 
miles.  Samuel  Mitchell  had  dinner  prepared  for  the 
preachers  at  Mr.  Miller's.  I  preached  in  Masons'  Hall 
(a  warm  day  and  place)  on  Titus,  11:12."  At  this 
service  Samuel  K.  Jennings,  then  a  teacher  at  New 
London,  but  afterwards  a  prominent  physician  and 
preacher  in  Lynchburg,  was  ordained.  He  was  the 
first  preacher  ever  ordained  in  the  town. 

The  first  Methodist  society  was  organized  in  1802 
by  Samuel  Mitchell,  a  local  preacher,  in  his  house  on 
the  farm  afterwards  owned  by  Judge  William  Daniel, 
Sr.,  now  Daniel's  Hill.  Those  who  joined  were  Mrs. 
Barnal,  Mrs.  Rohr,  and  George  Sullivan.  The  society 
did  not  thrive,  for  of  the  five  hundred  inhabitants, 
almost  the  only  persons  who  claimed  to  be  Christians 
were  the  few  families  of  Quakers. 

In  May,  1804,  Lorenzo  Dow,  a  very  eccentric 
preacher,  came  and  held  a  series  of  revival  meetings  in 


30  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

"  Chestnut  Grove,"  which  was  at  the  corner  of  Main 
and  Eleventh  streets,  where  the  Norvell  House  stood. 
He  says  in  his  journal :  "  Hence  I  went  circuitously  to 
Lynchburg,  where  I  spoke  in  the  open  air  in  what  I 
conceived  to  be  the  seat  of  Satan's  Kingdom.  Lynch- 
burg was  a  deadly  place  for  the  worship  of  God.  But 
my  friends  asked.  What  shall  be  done  with  the  profits 
of  your  Chain  (a  religious  tract),  which  they  computed 
at  five  hundred  dollars.  I  replied  :  I  give  the  profits 
to  build  a  brick  chapel  in  Lynchburg  for  the  Metho- 
dists, reserving  only  the  privilege  to  preach  in  it  when 
not  occupied  by  them,  and  while  my  conduct  shall  con- 
tinue as  exceptional  as  it  is  now."  This,  however,  was 
not  accepted  by  the  Methodists,  on  account  of  the  con- 
ditions. 

As  a  result  of  this  meeting,  Rev.  Stith  Mead  reported 
to  Bishop  Asbury  fifty  accessions  to  the  church.  With 
this  nucleus  the  society  went  to  work  to  build  a  meeting 
house.  December  2,  1805,  George  Sullivan  and  Sally 
Sullivan,  in  consideration  of  fifty-two  pounds  sterling, 
deeded  to  Stith  Mead,  Samuel  K.  Jennings,  William 
Heath,  William  P.  Martin,  George  Sullivan,  Thomas 
Wiatt,  John  Schoolficld,  William  Blake,  and  James 
Fox,  trustees  for  the  Methodist  Society,  a  piece  of 
ground  on  Church  street,  between  Tenth  and  Eleventh, 
for  the  purpose  of  building  a  church.  The  first  meet- 
ing of  the  trustees  was  held  at  George  Sullivan's  house 
January  6,  1806.  Stith  Mead  was  chosen  president; 
William  Heath,  secretary,  and  Thomas  Wiatt,  treasurer. 
The  work  was  let  to  William  P.  Connell.     The  funds 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.         31 

ran  short,  and  Stith  Mead,  who  was  the  leader  of  Meth- 
odism here,  pledged  his  private  property  in  order  that 
the  work  might  proceed.  Before  the  year  passed  the 
Methodists  were  in  their  new  meeting  house,  the  first 
church  built  in  Lynchburg.  The  house  was  built  so 
hurriedly  that  in  1814  it  had  to  be  pulled  down  and  a 
new  one  put  in  its  place.  The  second  building  was  put 
up  to  stand,  and,  though  now  nearly  an  hundred  years 
old,  is  in  good  condition,  having  been  converted  into 
two  tenements,  one  of  whicli  Dr.  W.  E.  Pitman  occu- 
pies. 

The  history  of  this  old  church  would  be  a  volume 
by  itself.  There  are  many  to-day  who  can  recall  the 
great  sermons  preached  there,  the  noted  revivals  held, 
the  interesting  marriages,  and  the  solemn  funerals.  We 
shall  not  leave  it;  for  as  the  story  of  Lynchburg  is 
told,  again  and  again  will  the  old  church  appear. 

The  town  continued  to  grow,  and  on  January  10, 
1805,  the  General  Assembly  passed  "An  act  incor- 
porating the  town  of  Lynchburg,  and  enlarging  the 
same,  adding  thereto  a  number  of  half-acre  lots  already 
laid  off  by  John  Lynch."  The  first  corporation  court 
was  held  May  6,  1805,  in  Masons'  Hall.  The  court 
was  held  by  William  Warwick,  mayor;  Thomas  Wiatt, 
recorder,  and  George  D.  Winston,  Samuel  J.  Har- 
rison, Koderick  Taliaferro  and  Meredith  Lambert,  al- 
dermen. William  Norvell  was  appointed  clerk,  Josiah 
Leake,  commonwealth's  attorney,  and  John  Davis,  ser- 
geant. 

The  court  did  not  amount  to  a  great  deal  without  the 


32  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

jail,  so  beyond  the  town  limits,  just  back  of  where  the 
Courthouse  stands,  was  erected  a  small  brick  building, 
one  story  high,  which  was  the  first  prison.  It  could 
accommodate  only  a  few  prisoners,  but  for  some  years 
it  proved  sufficient  for  the  town's  needs. 

The  Gazette  did  not  continue  long,  and  for  a  while 
there  was  no  paper  in  Lynchburg.  In  October,  1805, 
the  Lynchburg  Star  made  its  appearance.  It  was 
a  weekly  paper,  four  pages,  twelve  by  eighteen  inches, 
five  columns  on  a  page,  owned  and  published  by  James 
Graham.  Like  most  of  the  early  papers,  it  was  taken 
up  with  foreign  news  and  advertisements,  and  gave 
little  attention  to  what  would  most  interest  us,  the  local 
news.  Some  extracts  from  this  paper,  many  copies  of 
which  are  now  in  existence,  will  be  read  with  interest. 
The  editor's  address,  on  the  first  anniversary,  was  as 
follows : 

"Lynchbubg,  Thursday,  October  23,  1806. 

The  Lynchburg  Star  is  now  one  year  old.  .  .  .  On  occasions  simi- 
lar to  the  present,  usage  has  sanctioned  annual  addresses.  At  the 
conclusion  or  commencement  of  every  year  such  are  expected.  From 
the  Editor,  on  this  occasion,  a  few  words  will  be  sufficient.  The  ex- 
perience of  the  past  will  be  the  best  possible  criterion  whereby  to 
estimate  the  probable  future  management  and  value  of  this  paper. 
It  shall  be  independent.  Undismayed  by  any  fear,  and  unbiassed  by 
any  party — a  fair,  honest  and  impartial  narration  of  facts  and  cir- 
cumstances, with  inferences  and  deductions,  agreeable  to  the  best 
lights  of  our  understanding  and  judgment,  and  the  narrow  weekly 
limits  allotted  to  us,  have,  and  shall  be,  constantly  exhibited.  Un- 
awed,  and  unaided,  by  either  Monk,  or  Minister,  the  Star  shall  be 
ever  open  to  whatever  way  tend  to  support  and  confirm  the  just 
liberties  of  the  world — the  principles  of  genuine  democracy — and 
improve  and  promote  the  condition  and  happiness  of  mankind." 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 


33 


As  early  as  this  the  "  fire  bug "  thrived  in  Lynch- 
burg, as  is  shown  by  the  following  : 

"400  Dollars  Reward. 

"The  above  reward  of  400  dollars  is  hereby  offered  for  the  detec- 
tion and  prosecution  to  conviction  of  the  villain  or  villains  who,  on 
Saturday  night  last,  set  fire  to  the  house  of  Dr.  Waddy  Tate,  on  the 
back  street  (Church)  in  the  town  of  Lynchburg,  now  occupied  by 
Paxton  &  Houston,  cabinet  makers.  On  behalf  of  the  citizens  of 
Lynchburg,  and  in  pursuance  of  their  subscription. 

John  Wiatt, 

April  9,  1806.  Mayor." 

In  this  day  of  electricity  and  gas,  we  can  scarcely 
appreciate  the  difficulties  in  securing  light  that  the  early 
inhabitants  labored  under.  This  advertisement  was 
published  as  a  valuable  discovery  : 

"  A  Wick  that  Will  Not  Cost  a  Man  a  Cent.— Take  a  leaf 
of  mullein,  let  it  get  half  dry,  cut  from  its  sides  a  quarter  of  an  inch 
in  breadth,  put  it  in  your  lamp  (lard  oil  was  then  used),  and  it  will 
burn  equally  as  well  as  a  cotton  wick,  and  will  suit  to  read  and  write 
by  better  than  a  candle,  which  must  be  often  snuffed." 

It  must  be  remembered  that  the  candles  spoken  of 
were  not  such  as  we  now  see,  but  only  cotton  cords 
dipped  in  tallow  and  hung  out  until  dry. 

In  front  of  Indian  Queen  Tavern,  which  stood  on 
Main  street,  between  Seventh  and  Eighth,  about  where 
the  Southern  Railway  offices  are  now,  was  the  place 
where  most  of  the  slaves  were  sold.  Nearly  every 
week  an  advertisement  like  the  following  would  appear : 

"  Will  be  sold  to  the  highest  bidder,  on  Saturday,  the  21st,  before 
the  door  of  Indian  Queen  Tavern,  a  Negro  Man,  who  is  an  excellent 
waterman.     Terms,  one-half  cash,  and  one-half  in  twelve  months. 

Jesse  Anderson,  Adm." 


34  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Every  paper  had  silhouettes  of  negroes  running,  and 
following  it  a  description  of  the  runnaway  slave  and  a 
reward  for  his  return. 

The  arrival  of  the  first  elephant  in  Lynchburg  caused 
a  great  deal  of  excitement.  The  novelty  of  the  sight 
can  be  inferred  from  this  notice  which  was  published 
in  the  Star,  headed  by  a  rude  picture  of  an  elephant : 

"A  Live  Elephant 

To  be  seen  at  Charles  Hoyle's  Tavern,  in  the  town  of  Lynchburg,  on 
the  25th  and  26th  days  of  December,  from  8  o'clock  in  the  morning 
until  sunset  each  day. 

The  elephant,  being  not  only  the  largest  and  most  sagacious  animal 
in  the  world,  but  the  peculiar  manner  in  which  it  takes  its  food  and 
drink  of  every  kind  with  its  trunk,  is  acknowledged  to  be  the  great- 
est natural  curiosity  ever  offered  to  the  public.  She  will  draw  the 
cork  from  a  bottle,  and  with  her  trunk  will  manage  it  in  such  a  man- 
ner as  to  drink  its  contents,  to  the  astonishment  of  the  spectators. 
Will  lie  down  and  rise  at  command. 

She  is  between  five  and  seven  years  old,  and  measures  upward  of 
fifteen  feet  from  the  end  of  her  trunk  to  that  of  her  tail ;  ten  feet 
round  her  body,  and  upward  of  six  feet  high.  Admittance,  twenty- 
five  cents  ;  children,  half  price." 

Several  proclamations  by  Thomas  Jefferson,  Presi- 
dent of  the  United  States,  occupy  considerable  space  in 
the  little  paper. 

Lynchburg  never  lacked  for  patriotism,  and  when 
the  Fourth  of  July  came  it  was  a  day  of  great  rejoicing. 
How  the  day  was  celebrated  the  following  description 
from  the  Star  will  tell : 

"The  Fourth  of  July  at  Lynchburg,  1806. 

The  ever  memorable  Anniversary  of  American  Independence,  the 
Declaration  of  which  is  enregistered  in  the  indelible  History  of  the 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  35 

nation,  was  celebrated  here,  with  all  animation  and  zeal,  which  ever 
becomes  a  free  people  to  testify  to  the  sacred  charter  of  their  hallowed 
rights.  Such  commemorations  have  the  happiest  effects.  They  ex- 
cite the  sympathy  of  ages,  and  preserve  forever  the  holy  cause  of 
freedom  and  humanity. 

The  cannon's  hollow  roar,  which  re-echoed  from  the  craggy  cliffs 
on  the  banks  of  the  James  river,  proclaimed  the  happy  dawn.  Cap- 
tain Cocke's  artillery  company  performed  the  appropriate  duties  of 
the  day.  Their  appearance  was  martial  and  their  evolutions  exact. 
The  platoon  firing  and  martial  music  afforded  delight.  An  elegant 
barbecue  was  prepared  for  the  occasion,  and  the  evening  closed  with 
a  ball  at  Mr.  Ward's  (Bell)  Tavern." 

Early  in  its  history  Lynchburg  began  to  turn  its 
attention  to  education.  In  June,  1806,  the  Star  pub- 
lished this  notice : 

"The  first  wing  of  the  Rev.  James  Tompkins'  Academy,  on 
Lynchburg  Hill  (Court  street),  will  soon  be  completed.  We  are 
authorized  to  say  that  the  Academy  will  be  opened  on  the  first  day 
of  November  next,  and  that  a  competent  teacher  of  the  learned  lan- 
guages, with  other  requisite  assistants,  will  then  be  procured.  Edu- 
cation is  an  object  of  primary  importance,  nor  do  we  know  of  a  place 
where  a  properly  conducted  academy  is  more  wanted,  or  where  it  is 
presumed  more  probable  good  effects  would  result  from  such  an  insti- 
tution than  in  Lynchburg.  In  point  of  situation  this  is  inferior  to 
none  for  prospect,  pure  air,  and  spring  water." 

The  Rev.  James  Tompkins,  a  Presbyterian  preacher, 
taught  a  small  school  here  for  several  years,  and 
occasionally  preached,  but  never  organized  a  church. 
Neither  did  he  open  the  academy  as  announced,  for  on 
July  20,  after  a  short  illness,  he  passed  away,  leaving 
a  widow  and  eight  young  children.  The  next  day  he 
was  buried  in  "  Lynchburg's  New  Burying  Ground." 
His  burial  was  attended  by  the  largest  concourse  of 
people  ever  before  witnessed  in  the  town,  and  among 


36  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

them  were  all  his  scholars,  who  attended  in  a  body  and 
wore  crape.  His  funeral  services  were  conducted, 
November  1,  by  Revs.  James  Mitchell  and  James  Tur- 
ner, of  Bedford  county. 

The  "  New  Burying  Ground  "  spoken  of  above  was 
what  is  now  known  as  the  Methodist,  or  City  Cemetery. 
The  graveyard  at  the  Quaker  Meeting  House,  and  that 
on  Court  street,  were  the  only  ones  near  the  city  until 
March  7,  1806,  when  John  Lynch  gave  the  town  an 
acre  of  land  for  the  New  Burying  Ground.  The  first 
grave  was  opened  in  it  July  5,  1806,  and  since  then 
this  silent  city  of  the  dead  has  been  rapidly  filling. 
Beneath  its  sod  sleep  many  of  Lynchburg's  noblest 
sons  and  daughters. 

The  town  was  again  called  upon  to  mourn  the  death 
of  a  prominent  citizen,  when,  on  August  13,  Josiah 
Leake  died.  Although  only  twenty-eight,  he  was  Com- 
monwealth's attorney  and  postmaster  of  the  town.  He, 
too,  was  buried  in  the  "  New  Burying  Ground." 

John  Lynch  gave  notice  October  1,  1806,  that  he 
would  ask  leave  of  the  General  Assembly  to  add  the 
ground  between  First  street  and  Blackwater  creek  to 
the  town  of  Lynchburg,  and  in  the  same  month  George 
Cabell  gave  notice  that  he  would  petition  the  Assembly 
to  establish  a  town  on  his  land  lying  in  the  fork  between 
Blackwater  creek  and  James  river,  and  also  for  right 
to  establish  a  ferry  to  John  Lyuch's  land.  William 
Davis,  Sr.,  informed  the  public  that  he  would  apply 
for  permission  to  establish  an  inspector  of  tobacco  on 
his  lots  in   Lynchburg.     This   was   the   beginning   of 


LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  37 

Friends'  Warehouse.  Among  the  few  business  adver- 
tisements that  appeared  were  :  Benjamin  Essex,  tailor  ; 
Milby  Cottingham,  manufacturer  of  coaches  and  fash- 
ionable giggs ;  Ed.  Duffel,  dry  goods,  groceries  and 
rum  ;  Mrs.  Ann  Essex,  just  from  Fredericksburg,  milli- 
ner and  mantua-maker  ;  Isaac  Pidgeon,  tanner  ;  George 
Roberts,  blacksmith ;  Uichard  Morris,  attorney-at-law  ; 
Dr.  Thomas  Humphreys,  druggist,  in  "Tate's  Brick 
Row." 

The  streets  of  Lynchburg  Avere  in  a  fearful  condition. 
The  mud  was  so  deep  that  in  winter  the  tobacco  rollers 
could  scarcely  get  to  the  warehouses.  Then  wagons 
were  little  used  to  bring  tobacco  to  market.  Two 
spikes  were  driven  in  the  centre  of  each  end  of  the 
hogshead,  a  tongue  was  attached,  and  two  horses  hitched 
to  it,  and  it  was  rolled  to  market.  One  planter  said 
he  had  been  "  rolling  "  to  this  market  for  nine  years, 
and  the  damage  done  to  his  hogsheads  in  the  streets  of 
Lynchburg  had  almost  ruined  him. 

But  despite  the  disadvantages,  1 807  found  the  town 
rapidly  moving  on  towards  cityhood ;  in  fact,  John 
Davis,  Jr.,  signed  himself  "Sergeant  of  the  City  of 
Lynchburg." 

In  January,  Thomas  L.  Clayton  opened  a  school  "  in 
that  airy  and  retired  house  on  Lynchburg  Hill."  Stores, 
shops,  offices  and  manufactories  began  to  increase.  All 
moved  on  well  until  January  15,  when  the  whole  place 
narrowly  escaped  destruction.  The  chimney  of  a  three- 
story  brick  building  caught  fire,  and  the  sparks  were 
quickly  communicated  to  the  dry  roof,  but  the  fire  was 


38  LYNCHBUKG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

extinguished  before  much  damage  was  done.  Such  was 
the  dryness  of  the  season  and  the  inflammable  and  de- 
fenceless situation  of  the  place,  that  one  fire  would  have 
meant  the  destruction  of  the  whole  village. 

One  very  strong  proof  of  the  growth  of  the  town 
was  the  large  increase  of  'Hobacco  inspection,"  as  it 
was  then  called.  Mention  has  already  been  made  of 
Spring  Warehouse.  In  1805  Dr.  George  Cabell  built 
Blackwater  Warehouse,  on  the  site  where  the  Southern 
freight  depot  now  stands.  It  was  a  fine  stone  building, 
covered  with  slate.  This  same  year  John  Lynch  built 
two  new  brick  warehouses — Union,  or  Lynch' s,  where 
the  present  warehouse  of  that  name  stands,  and  Liberty, 
which  was  on  Lynch  street,  between  Sixth  and  Seventh 
streets.  In  an  advertisement  of  the  latter  the  proprie- 
tor says  :  "  Liberty  Warehouse  is  in  Lynchburg's  little 
end,  but  to  tliis  tobacco  rollers  can  have  no  possible 
objection,  as  it  will  be  found  on  the  very  entrance  into 
town  and  exclusive  of  some  labor,  whether  in  our  streets 
people  travel  by  land  or  by  water."  The  same  year, 
1805,  William  Martin  built  a  warehouse  corner  Lynch 
and  Tenth  streets,  and  called  it  Martin's.  At  this  time 
a  grant  had  been  given  to  Captain  Rowland  Jones  for 
Planters',  and  also  to  William  Davis,  as  mentioned,  for 
Friends'  Warehouse. 

Tobacco  or  no  tobacco,  an  American  village  must 
have  an  election.  It  was  a  blessing  of  liberty  to  have 
elections  often.  The  day  in  April  arrived,  and  the 
freeholders  elected  Roderick  Taliaferro,  mayor ;  Samuel 
J.  Harrison,   recorder ;    William   Warwick,   Rowland 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE,  39 

Jones,  James  Stewart  and  John  Lynch,  aldermen ; 
Thomas  Wiatt,  George  McDaniel,  William  Burd,  John 
Schoolfield,  William  Davis  and  M.  Lambeth,  council- 
men. 

The  wickedness  of  the  town  was  proverbial,  but  one 
church  was  established  and  was  doing  a  good  work. 
The  influence  of  the  Methodist  Meeting  House  was 
beginning  to  tell  upon  the  people,  so  much  so  that  the 
Virginia  Methodist  Conference  was  to  be  entertained 
here  February  2,  1808,  the  first  religious  body  of  the 
kind  ever  meeting  in  Lynchburg.  Bishop  Asbury  rode 
from  North  Carolina,  and  reached  here  the  preceding 
Saturday.  On  Sunday  he  preached  at  the  Meeting 
House  to  about  six  hundred  hearers.  Conference  began 
Tuesday,  and  on  each  day  there  was  preaching.  Among 
those  received  on  trial  in  the  Conference  this  year  was 
John  Early.  The  reports  showed  that  the  preachers 
were  nine  hundred  and  seventy-eight  dollars  and  twelve 
cents  behind  in  their  salaries — a  good  deal,  when  none 
received  over  one  hundred  dollars  a  year.  Conference 
adjourned  Saturday,  and  the  afternoon  of  this  day  was 
spent  "  in  serious  and  useful  conversation  on  dress,  pri- 
vate prayer,  family  prayer,  rising  early,  quarterly  meet- 
ings, class  meetings,  fasting,  love  feasts,  sacraments, 
marriage  rules,  etc." 

In  connection  with  this  Conference,  an  amusing  in- 
cident is  told  in  reference  to  the  Rev.  Jesse  Lee,  a 
distinguished  Methodist.  Mr.  Lee,  retiring  from  the 
Conference  room  one  day,  desired  to  cross  Third 
(Church)  street  to  attend  to  some  business.     Not  seeing 


40  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

a  "  ford "  or  crossing  anywhere,  he  stood  debating 
whether  he  should  give  up  his  purpose  or  wade  through 
the  mud,  which  was  knee  deep.  While  in  this  study, 
John  Charleston,  a  slave  emancipated  by  Rev.  Stith 
Mead,  a  stout,  athletic  negro,  sexton  of  the  church,  and 
also  a  preacher,  came  up  to  Mr,  Lee  and,  ascertaining 
his  difficulty,  proposed  to  carry  him  across  on  his  back. 
The  preacher,  who  weighed  about  two  hundred  and 
fifty  pounds,  accepted  the  offer  and  mounted  upon 
John's  back.  The  negro  staggered  along  under  his 
burden  until  he  had  gotten  nearly  across,  where  the 
mud  was  deepest.  Stopping  for  a  moment,  he  dryly 
asked  if  he  might  set  his  burden  down  and  rest.  He 
gathered  his  strength  and  pressed  on,  and  as  he  did  so 
he  turned  his  face  up  until  he  caught  Mr.  Lee's  eye,  and 
groaned  out :  '^  Oh,  wretched  man  that  I  am,  who  shall 
deliver  me  from  the  body  of  this  death?"  Mr.  Lee 
quickly  replied :  "  You  do  groan,  being  burdened." 
Dry  land  at  length  was  reached,  and  the  two  went 
walking  up  the  street  side  by  side,  John  a  little  muddy 
from  the  passage  across. 

The  Star  was  published  until  1811,  but  at  one  time 
it  was  very  abusive  to  Rev.  Stith  Mead,  calling  him  "  a 
hypocrite,"  "  a  devil,"  "  an  infamous  wretch,"  "  a  con- 
temptible, vaporing,  itinerant  brawler,"  "  a  greater  dis- 
grace to  humanity  than  the  most  dissolute  man  in 
Lynchburg,"  and  all  of  this  because  he  boldly  preached 
against  the  great  wickedness  of  the  town.  Mr.  Mead 
meekly  bore  this  denunciation  until  April,  1808,  he 
established  another  paper  here,  and  called  it  The  Press. 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  41 

It,  too,  was  a  weekly  paper,  four  pages  twelve  by  eighteen 
inches.  It  was  edited  and  printed  by  Jacob  Haas,  and 
was  fifteen  shillings  per  annum.  This  paper,  after 
several  changes,  was  to  see  Lynchburg  a  city  indeed. 
At  this  early  date  the  facilities  for  getting  news  were  very 
crude,  the  only  method  being  by  post.  Richmond  was 
the  principal  place  from  which  the  news  came,  and  then 
only  once  a  week,  and  sometimes  once  in  two  weeks,  if 
the  "  testy  mail  boy,"  who  for  some  reason  did  not  like 
the  Lynchburg  merchants,  did  not  choose  to  bring  it. 
The  people,  however,  were  satisfied,  for  they  knew  of 
nothing  better. 

One  other  institution  of  importance  was  established 
near  the  close  of  this  decade — a  market  house.  This 
was  a  small  frame  building,  with  only  three  stalls,  which 
stood  on  Water  street,  near  the  main  street.  It  seems 
to  have  been  the  property  of  John  Lynch,  Jr.,  for  the 
treasurer  reports  paying  him  thirty-one  dollars  for  rent 
of  the  market  house. 

There  was  improvement  in  the  moral  condition  of  the 
town.  Preaching  was  having  its  effect.  On  Whitsuntide, 
May  15,  1807,  under  the  management  of  Stith  Mead,  a 
great  camp-meeting  was  held  in  "  Col.  Edward  Tate's  old 
field  near  Lynchburg."  This  was  the  greatest  gathering 
of  people  and  preachers  ever  seen  in  this  part  of  the 
country,  and  resulted  in  a  great  religious  awakening. 
Another  meeting  that  had  a  great  effect  upon  Lynchburg 
was  that  held  in  the  Meeting  House  in  the  town  the  fall 
of  1809.  Its  influence  was  wide-reaching,  and  some  of 
the  best  citizens  were  brought  into  the  church  at  this  time. 


CHAPTER  IV. 

A  CLOUD,  scarcely  the  size  of  a  man's  hand,  was 
slowly  rising  in  the  East.  To  some  it  meant  nothing, 
to  others  it  portended  ill.  Notwithstanding  this,  the 
town  on  the  hill  above  the  Ferry  continued  to  move 
forward  with  steady  pace.  Buildings  were  continually 
going  up  and  new  industries  starting.  Planters'  and 
Friends'  Warehouses  were  completed  this  year  and 
opened  for  "tobacco  inspection."  The  ^^Town  Hall" 
was  awake  to  the  needs  of  the  growing  corporation. 
The  recollection  of  the  village's  narrow  escape  from  fire 
was  still  vivid,  and  something  must  be  done,  else  next 
time  there  might  be  no  escape.  In  the  fall  of  1810 
the  town  bought  a  "  fire  engine,"  and  paid  five  hundred 
and  thirty  dollars  for  it.  We  infer  from  what  is  said 
of  the  engine  that  it  was  a  kind  of  hand  pump,  with  some 
hose.  In  February,  1811,  a  fire  company  was  organ- 
ized, and  the  engine,  buckets,  one  hundred  and  eighty 
feet  of  ladders,  six  axes,  eight  fire-hooks,  and  sixty  feet 
of  hose,  the  town's  outfit,  was  turned  over  to  John 
Victor,  John  Thurman,  and  James  Wade,  a  committee 
representing  the  company.  The  council  also  built  a 
place  for  the  engine  at  the  lower  end  of  the  market,  and 
one  of  the  ladders  was  to  be  kept  here,  one  at  Friends', 
and  one  at  Liberty  Warehouse. 

Following  soon  after  the  purchase  of  the  fire  appa- 
ratus, was  another  move  that  was  of  as  much  import- 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  43 

ance  as  anything  done  since  the  place  was  begun — that 
was  to  supply  the  town  with  water.  The  "  watering 
committee/'  consisting  of  Samuel  K.  Jennings,  John 
Stewart,  and  Will  Norvell,  which  had  been  appointed 
a  few  months  previous,  made  their  report  April  16. 
They  recommended  that  the  corporation  arrange  with 
John  Lynch,  Sr.,  to  take  water  from  the  springs  in 
his  wood,*  and  to  convey  it  by  wooden  pipes  into  the 
town,  and  to  keep  the  .pipes  in  good  order  forever. 
As  a  remuneration  to  Mr.  Lynch,  the  town  was  to 
pay  him  "  one  equal  fourth  part  of  all  the  profits  and 
emoluments  accruing  therefrom,  excepting  the  water 
used  for  putting  out  fires."  If  the  corporation  failed  to 
use  it,  it  was  to  revert  to  ]\Ir.  Lynch  or  his  heirs. 
The  water  was  already  conveyed  by  ditches,  or  races, 
along  Horseford  branch,  so  as  to  supply  some  portion 
of  the  town.  Mr.  Lynch  requested  that,  in  addition  to 
the  fourth  part  of  the  profits,  he  and  his  children  be 
allowed  to  use  the  water  free  of  cost.  This  was  not 
granted,  but  the  rest  of  the  plan  suggested  by  the  com- 
mittee was  adopted,  and  a  committee  appointed  to  see 
David  Ross,  Esq.,  and  to  secure  from  him  the  timber 
from  which  the  pipes  were  to  be  made.  This  plan 
failed,  and  in  December  the  council  decided  to  abandon 
the  water-works  and  to  allow  John  Lynch,  Jr.,  to  con- 
duct water  up  Third  (Church)  street  as  far  as  Third 
alley  (Eighth  street)  as  a  private  enterprise,  provided 


♦Some  of  these  springs,  on  the  lot  at  the  corner  of  Harrison  and 
Sixth  streets,  are  stiU  in  use. 


44  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

he  gave  the  town  the  water  needed  in  time  of  fire. 
Lynch  went  to  work  at  once,  and  before  many  months 
passed  he  had  the  wooden  pipes  laid  along  Horseford 
branch  to  Twelfth  street,  up  Twelfth  to  Church,  and 
up  Church  as  far  as  Eighth.  These  pipes  were  only 
pieces  of  wood,  with  a  three-inch  hole  bored  through 
them,  and  joined  with  an  iron  band.  As  can  be  imag- 
ined, he  derived  a  large  revenue  from  his  "  water- 
works," but  the  town  did  not  derive  much  benefit 
from  them,  so  far  as  extinguishing  fire  was  concerned, 
for  the  supply  of  water  was  not  large  enough.  In 
August,  1813,  the  council  decided  to  build  a  reser- 
voir. This  was  to  be  situated  on  "Water  street,  just 
beyond  the  line  of  Church  street,  where  the  fountain 
now  stands.  The  first  plan  was  to  have  it  twelve 
feet  on  each  side  and  four  or  five  feet  deep,  and  to  have 
four  "  fire  hydrants  "  on  Second  (Main)  street :  one  at 
Gait's  corner,  junction  of  Water  street ;  one  at  Davis' 
corner,  junction  of  Second  alley ;  one  at  Moorman's 
corner,  junction  of  First  alley ;  and  one  at  Murrell's 
corner,  junction  of  Third  alley.  This  plan  was  changed, 
and  it  was  finally  decided  just  to  build  the  reservoir  at 
the  foot  of  the  hill  on  Water  street.  This  reservoir, 
which  was  no  more  than  a  large  wooden  tank,  nine  feet 
deep,  was  completed  in  1815.  It  cost  six  hundred 
dollars,  and  was  not  worth  five  dollars  to  the  town. 
It  was  built  on  a  brick  foundation  above  ground,  and 
never  had  more  than  four  or  five  feet  of  water  in  it, 
and  even  then  it  leaked  badly,  notwithstanding  the  con- 
tractor "  chinked  and  caulked  it."     This  first  reservoir 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  45 

proved  a  failure,  and  was  afterwards  removed  as  a 
nuisance. 

As  yet  the  town  had  no  courthouse,  but  held  court 
in  Masons'  Hall,  for  which  it  paid  sixty-seven  dollars 
a  year.  This  amount  was  paid  April,  1811,  and  at  the 
same  time  the  clerk  of  the  court  was  paid  fifty  dollars 
for  two  years'  service.  Judging  by  the  salary,  the 
work  of  the  office  must  have  been  light. 

Lynchburg  was  not  blessed  with  many  poor  people 
then,  as  can  be  seen  from  the  annual  disbursement  for 
that  purpose,  which  was  as  follows  :  "  Old  Kate,  $85.34 ; 
old  Violet,  $42.50  ;  old  Oakley,  $60.00."  These  pau- 
pers seemed  to  be  well  known,  so  that  it  was  not  neces- 
sary to  describe  them  further. 

The  method  of  holding  elections  at  this  time  was 
novel.  The  council  appointed  commissioners,  and  the 
city  sergeant  was  ordered  to  give  notice  on  the  second 
Saturday  in  April,  by  sending  the  bell  around,  in- 
forming: all  freeholders  and  householders  entitled  to 
vote  that  the  election  of  twelve  common  councilmen 
would  be  held  at  the  courthouse  (Masons'  Hall)  the 
next  Monday,  at  7  A.  M.  The  following  council,  or 
common  hall,  was  elected  :  William  Davis,  John  School- 
field,  James  Duffle,  John  Lynch,  Jr.,  Roderick  Talia- 
ferro, William  Heath,  William  Norvell,  and  James 
Stewart.  They  recognized  that  there  was  much  work 
to  be  done,  and  at  once  proceeded  to  do  it.  A  stone 
bridge  was  built  over  Horseford  branch  at  Poe's  tan- 
yard,  near  the  corner  of  what  is  now  Clay  and  Twelfth 
streets.     The  deep  gullies  on   Third  street,   between 


46  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

what  is  now  Fifth  and  Sixth  streets,  were  filled  in,  and 
a  large  pond  was  formed  on  the  southwestern  side, 
which  had  to  be  drained.  Arrangements  were  also 
made  to  fill  in  the  large  pond  back  of  Friends'  Ware- 
house, which  in  earlier  days  had  been  a  great  place  for 
frog  and  duck  shooting. 

Some  new  ordinances  were  also  passed.  One  de- 
clared war  on  the  dogs  and  provided  for  a  dog-catcher. 
Another  prohibiting  hogs  from  running  at  large.  Wag- 
oners were  forbidden  to  feed  their  horses  in  the  streets, 
and  signs  could  no  longer  be  hung  in  the  streets,  "  ex- 
cept where  men  and  horses  were  entertained."  The 
most  interesting  to  us  was  that  which  prohibited  persons 
from  "  cutting  firewood  on  Third  (Main)  street,  except 
with  a  saw,  on  account  of  the  noise  and  the  flying  chips, 
which  greatly  disturbed  the  passers."  The  last  law 
that  we  shall  notice  was  that  in  regard  to  vagrants,  or 
tramps,  as  we  call  them.  This  provided  that  a  va- 
grant should  be  put  upon  the  block  and  sold,  for  a 
stated  length  of  time.  The  town  was  to  buy  all  sold, 
at  five  dollars  apiece,  and  put  them  to  work  on  the 
streets  and  alleys.  These  ordinances  give  a  good  idea 
of  the  manners  and  customs  of  the  town  at  that  time. 

The  usual  Christmas  frolics  were  going  on  when,  on 
Thursday  evening,  January  2,  1812,  the  post-boy 
arrived  with  the  mail  from  Richmond.  He  brought 
sad  news,  and  it  was  not  long  before  all  in  the  town 
had  heard  the  distressing  story  told  in  the  Richmond 
paper.  William  Brown,  a  Scotchman,  had  been  a  citi- 
zen of  the  town  for  a  number  of  years.     He  opened 


LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  47 

the  first  dry  goods  store  on  the  northeast  corner  of 
"  Ferry  Eoad  "  and  Second  street,  where  the  Western 
Union  telegraph  office  now  stands.  ("  Ferry  Road  " 
entered  Main  street,  at  what  is  now  Seventh  street,  and 
proceeded  from  there  diagonally  across  the  squares  to 
Court  street,  where  it  entered  into  Fifth  street.  It  ran 
through  what  is  now  the  back  yard  of  P.  A.  Krise's 
lot,  and  between  the  kitchen  and  house  occupied  by  the 
late  Thomas  E.  Murrell.  It  took  this  course  because 
of  the  deep  ravine  on  Main  and  Church  streets,  be- 
tween Fifth  and  Sixth.) 

Brown  was  not  only  a  merchant,  but  also  a  banker 
and  agent  for  nearly  the  entire  coimtry  trading  here. 
He  was  one  of  the  leading  citizens,  and  had  the  confi- 
dence of  all.  In  December  he  went  to  Richmond  on 
a  business  trip,  and  on  the  night  of  the  26th  he  attended 
the  fiital  theatre,  and  was  burned  to  death.  The  news 
of  the  burning  of  this  theatre  caused  universal  sorrow. 
The  Richmond  Standard  of  December  27,  1811,  gives 
the  following  account  of  it : 

"  Last  night  the  pLay-house  in  this  city  was  crowded  with  an  un- 
usual audience.  There  could  not  have  been  less  than  six  hundred 
persons  in  the  house.  Just  before  the  conclusion  of  the  play,  the 
scenery  caught  fire,  and  in  a  few  minutes  the  whole  building  was 
wrapped  in  flames.  It  is  already  ascertained  that  sixty-one  persons 
were  devoured  by  that  most  terrific  element.  The  editor  of  this 
paper  was  in  the  house  when  the  ever-to-be-remembered,  deplorable 
accident  occurred.  He  is  informed  that  the  scenery  took  fire  in  the 
back  part  of  the  house,  by  the  raising  of  a  chandelier  ;  that  the  boy 
who  was  ordered  by  some  of  the  players  to  raise  it,  stated  that  if  he 
did  so  the  scenery  would  take  fire,  when  he  was  commanded  in  a 
peremptory  manner  to  hoist  it.     The  boy  obeyed,  and  the  fire  in- 


48  LYNCHBUEG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

stantly  communicated  to  the  scenery.  This  unfortunately  happened 
at  a  time  when  one  of  the  performers  was  playing  near  the  orchestra, 
and  the  greatest  part  of  the  stage,  with  its  horrid  danger,  was  ob- 
scured from  the  audience  by  a  curtain. 

"The  flames  spread  with  almost  the  rapidity  of  lightning,  and 
the  fire  falling  from  the  ceiling  upon  the  performer  was  the  first 
notice  the  audience  had  of  their  danger.  Even  then  many  supposed 
it  a  part  of  the  play,  and  were  a  little  time  restrained  from  flight  by 
a  cry  from  the  stage  that  there  was  no  danger.  The  performers  and 
their  attendants  in  vain  endeavored  to  tear  down  the  scenery  ;  the 
fire  flashed  in  every  part  of  the  house  with  a  rapidity  horrible  and 
astonishing  ;  and,  alas  !  gushing  tears  and  unspeakable  anguish  de- 
prived me  of  utterance.  The  editor,  having  none  of  his  family 
with  him,  and  not  being  far  from  the  door,  was  among  the  first  who 
escaped. 

"No  words  can  express  his  horror  when,  on  turning  round,  he 
discovered  the  whole  building  to  be  m  flames.  There  was  but  one 
door  for  the  greatest  part  of  the  audience  to  pass.  Men,  women  and 
children  were  pi-essing  upon  each  other,  while  the  flames  were  seizing 
upon  those  behind.  The  editor  went  to  the  different  windows,  which 
were  very  high,  and  emplored  his  fellow-creatures  to  save  their  lives 
by  jumping  out  of  them.  Those  nearest  the  windows,  ignorant  of 
their  danger,  were  afraid  to  leap  down,  while  those  behind  them 
were  seen  catching  on  fire,  and  writhing  in  the  greatest  agonies  of 
pain  and  distress.  At  length  those  behind,  urged  by  the  pressing 
flames,  pushed  those  who  were  nearest  to  the  windows,  and  the  peo- 
ple of  every  description  began  to  fall  one  upon  another,  some  with 
their  clothes  on  fire,  some  half  roasted.  Oh,  wretched  me  !  oh, 
afliicted  people  I  Would  to  God  I  could  have  died  a  thousand  deaths 
in  any  shape,  could  individual  suffering  have  purchased  the  safety  of 
my  friends,  my  benefactors,  of  those  whom  I  loved  !  .  ,  .  The 
editor,  with  the  assistance  of  others,  caught  several  who  leaped  from 
the  windows.  One  lady  jumped  out  when  all  her  clothing  were  on 
fire.  He  tore  them  burning  from  her,  stripped  her  of  her  last  rags, 
and,  protecting  her  nakedness  with  his  coat,  carried  her  from  the  fire. 
Fathers  and  mothers  were  deploring  the  loss  of  their  children  ;  chil- 
dren the  loss  of  their  parents  ;  husbands  lamenting  their  lost  com- 
panions ;  wives  were  bemoaning  their  burnt  husbands.  The  people 
were  seen  wringing  their  hands,  beating  their  heads  and  breasts,  and 


'1- 


n^. 


-"-^.^ 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 


49 


those  that  had  secured  themselves  seemed  to  suffer  greater  torments 
than  those  enveloped  in  the  flames. 

«  "Oh,  distracting  memory!  Who  that  saw  this  can  think  of  it 
again,  and  yet  retain  his  senses  !  Do  I  dream?  No,  no  !  Oh,  that 
it  were  but  a  dream.  My  God  !  who  that  saw  his  friends  and  near- 
est connections  devoured  by  fire,  and  lying  in  heaps  at  the  door,  will 
not  regret  that  he  ever  lived  to  see  such  a  sight  ?  The  loss  of  a  hun- 
dred thousand  friends  on  the  field  of  battle  could  not  touch  the  heart 
like  this.     Enough.     Imagine  what  cannot  be  described. ' ' 

News  like  this  was  enough  to  pkinge  the  town  into 
gloom,  without  the  burning  of  one  of  its  prominent 
citizens,  and  of  relatives  and  friends  of  our  people. 

This  was  the  time  of  numerous  public  improvements 
in  Lynchburg.  The  jail  had  given  the  "  Common 
Hall  "  much  trouble  ;  "  it  was  remote  from  town  and 
in  a  shattered  condition."  A  committee  was  therefore 
appointed  to  purchase  from  William  Davis  sixty-six 
feet  of  ground,  running  back  eighty-two  and  one-half 
feet  on  Water  street,  between  Second  and  Third  streets, 
for  a  new  jail.  The  committee  reported  that  they  had 
bought  the  property  at  ten  dollars  a  front  foot.  After 
the  purchase,  it  was  decided  not  to  build  at  once,  but 
to  repair  the  old  jail,  and  continue  to  use  it. 

There  was  another  need  that  pressed  itself  upon  the 
council,  the  need  of  a  courthouse.  Mason's  Hall  being 
inadequate.  At  the  meeting  of  August  29,  1812,  a 
committee  was  appointed  and  instructed  to  have  a  court- 
house built  on  the  public  square  given  by  John  Lynch, 
where  the  present  court  house  now  stands.  The  com- 
mittee decided  to  build  a  house  twenty-four  by  thirty- 
two  feet,  with  the  side  on  Fourth  (Court)  street,  but 


50  LYNCHBUEG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

the  citizens  thought  that  too  small,  so  it  was  enlarged 
to  forty  by  twenty-four  feet,  and  built  of  brick,  two 
stories  high,  with  a  shingle  roof  The  building  was 
completed  early  in  1813.  It  was  outside  of  town,  and 
the  question  was  raised  whether  an  election  held  in  this 
courthouse  would  be  legal.  To  remedy  this,  the  Gen- 
eral Assembly  was  petitioned  to  enlarge  the  town,  which 
it  did  February  9,  1813,  adding  thereto  ''that  lot  of 
ground  conveyed  by  John  Lynch,  Sr.,  to  the  corporation 
of  the  toA\Ti  of  Lynchburg  for  a  public  square,  and  on 
which  said  corporation  hath  erected  a  courthouse  and 
jail." 

For  a  town  that  aspired  to  be  a  city  some  day,  so 
important  a  place  as  a  market  ought  to  have  more  room 
than  three  stalls ;  that  savored  too  much  of  monopoly. 
The  council  viewed  it  in  this  light,  and  in  April 
appointed  William  Norvell,  James  Stewart  and  Robert 
Morris  a  committee  to  build  a  new  market  house  on  the 
southwestern  side  of  Second  street,  on  Water  street. 
The  house  was  fifty  feet  long,  sixteen  wide  and  eight 
high,  and  was  completed  the  next  year,  1814,  when 
the  old  one  was  sold,  and  ordered  to  be  pulled  down  in 
three  days.  The  town  was  proud  of  this  building  for 
the  first  and  last  time.  The  Press  of  August  11  thus 
speaks  of  it : 

"  Our  new  market  house  is  finished.  We  fondly  anticipated  the 
good  effects  from  the  erection  of  this  building.  The  stalls  rented  on 
Tuesday  last  for  $138.  Two  were  left  vacant  for  the  accommodation 
of  those  who  bring  things  from  the  country.  There  will  be  no  more 
tiresome  trapesing  from  door  to  door  inquiring  who  wants  to  buy. 

"  We  shall  be  glad  to  see  some  gentlemen  in  the  market-gardening 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  51 

business.  It  is  certainly  not  humiliating  for  a  ricli  man  to  offer  the 
richest  products  of  his  soil  for  the  accommodation  of  his  neighboring 
townsmen,  especially  when  he  has  an  abundance,  and  gets  a  good 
price  for  them." 

That  friend  of  the  orderly  and  foe  of  the  disorderly, 
that  had  already  given  the  town  fathers  anxious  care, 
like  Banquo's  ghost,  would  not  down.  What  must  we 
do  about  the  jail,  was  still  the  question.  This  question 
was  decided  at  the  June  meeting,  1814,  when  a  new 
jail  was  ordered  built  on  the  hill  back  of  the  court 
house.  It  was  to  be  "two  stories  high,  sixteen  feet 
square,  eight  feet  pitch,  of  the  best  oak  logs,  nine  by 
twelve  inches,  the  joists  and  sleepers  of  like  dimensions, 
lined  with  oak  plank  two  inches  thick,  well  spiked,  and 
the  logs  well  secured  on  the  inside  with  iron  bars,  set 
upon  a  good  foundation  near  the  ground."  It  was  soon 
completed,  and  the  old  brick  jail  sold  for  eighty  dollars. 
The  property  bouglit  from  William  Davis,  on  Water 
street,  was  also  sold.  Such  a  jail  this  was  !  Two  rooms, 
one  above  the  other,  with  no  fireplace,  and  small  open- 
ings called  windows.  The  lower  room  was  used  for  the 
worst  criminals,  and  the  upper  room  for  disorderly 
persons  and  a  place  for  temporary  confinement  for  the 
insane ;  and  to  add  to  the  horrors  of  the  rude  prison, 
there  stood  near  by  a  whipping  post  and  a  pillory. 

Other  things  were  going  on  at  this  time  besides 
public  improvements.  The  cloud  that  appeared  at 
the  beginning  of  the  decade  had  grown  larger  and 
larger,  until  the  storm  broke  upon  the  people,  and  war 
was    finally    declared  with  England   in   June,    1812. 


52  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Although  this  war  was  largely  a  naval  fight,  yet  its 
influence  was  far-reaching.  Business  was  depressed, 
and  the  people's  thoughts  were  turned  to  the  war.  The 
weekly  papers  were  eagerly  looked  for,  to  hear  the 
news,  and  there  was  great  rejoicing  when  a  United 
States  ship  was  successful.  The  citizens  realized  that 
the  war  was  coming  near  home  when  the  news  was 
received  that  the  British  had  attacked  Washington  and 
burned  the  White  House  and  a  portion  of  the  Capitol. 
The  next  move  Avas  thought  to  be  southward  through 
Virginia.  Lynchburg  stirred  itself  and  began  at  once 
to  prepare  to  send  men  to  the  front.  La's\yers,  teachers 
and  business  men  began  to  give  notices  like  these : 

' '  During  absence  from  home  in  service  for  my  country,  my  son, 
James  Garland,  will  attend  to  my  professional  business,  and  in  case 
of  difficulty,  where  a  client  will  wish  aid  of  additional  counsel,  any 
gentleman  at  the  bar  not  otherwise  engaged  will  befriend  an  absent 
member.  Hudson  M.  Garland." 

' '  Diu-ing  my  absence  on  business  for  my  country,  M.  Hughes 
will  attend  to  my  business.  Wm.  Owen." 

Captain  Samuel  J.  Wiatt  had  been  getting  his  com- 
pany, the  Lynchburg  Rifles,  ready  for  some  time,  and 
in  the  summer  of  1 8 1 4  they  left  for  Norfolk  to  enlist. 
Captain  James  Dunnington  had  also  recruited  a  com- 
pany here,  the  Lynchburg  Artillery,  and  they  entered 
the  service  at  Camp  Holly.*  There  were  no  means  of 
transportation  and  the  men  had  to  march  to  the  place 
of  rendezvous. 

Despite  the  business  depression  incident  to  war,  the 


*  For  official  roster  of  these  companies,  see  Appendix. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE. 


53 


progress  of  the  town  continued  unchecked.  The  cor- 
porate limits  were  extended  February  9,  1814,  to 
Harrison  street.  Already  the  town  had  felt  the  need 
of  a  bank,  and  this  year  two  were  organized,  the 
Farmers  and  the  Exchange  Bank  of  Virginia.  The 
Farmers  Bank  published  this  notice: 

"The  Lynchburg  branch  of  the  Farmers  Bank  of  Virginia  will 
begin  the  first  Wednesday  in  August.  Wednesday  will  be  discount 
day.  Paper  for  discount  must  be  in  before  3  p.  M.  Tuesday,  and 
must  have  two  good  names,  one  a  resident  of  Lynchburg  or  within  a 
mile  of  the  town.  Fortunatus  Sydnor,  Cashier." 


The  directors  were,  for  the  Farmers 


Charles  Johnson, 
William  Morgan, 
William  Mitchell, 
William  Davis,  Sr., 
William  Davis,  Jr. 

For  the  Exchange  : 

William  Norvell, 
William  J.  Lewis, 
W^illiam  Warwick, 
William  Irvin, 
Colonel  Daniel  Brown. 


A.  Jamison, 
George  Cabell, 
C.  Anthony, 
Robert  Morris, 


John  Camm, 
J.  J.  Cabell, 
Thomas  Wiatt, 
James  Stewart, 


J.  Bullock, 
J.  G.  Moorman, 
John  Lynch, 
Dr.  Graham, 


Charles  Clay, 
William  Radford, 
H.  Davis, 
James  Duffel. 


Many  of  the  citizens  felt  that  they  would  have  special 
and  immediate  use  for  the  banks,  into  which  they  could 
put  the  fortune  they  expected  to  get  by  the  turn  of  the 
wheel,  for  the  lottery  agents  advertised  in  every  paper 
the  fortunes  that  could  be  made  in  a  day.  Truly,  this 
was  the  day  of  lotteries.  Here  were  represented  the 
Washington  Monument  Lottery  (Baltimore),  the  Board 
of  Health  Lottery  and  the  Trinity  Church  Lottery  of 


54  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

New  York,  the  New  London  Academy  Lottery,  and 
many  others.  The  last  named  proposed  to  give  one- 
third  of  their  proceeds  to  the  town  for  the  purpose  of 
paving  the  main  street  from  Planters'  Warehouse  to 
Sixth  alley,  but  the  council  at  once  refused  it. 

In  August  of  this  year  the  Lynchburg  Bible  Society 
was  organized,  with  Rev.  W.  S.  Reid,  president ;  Joe 
Carson,  corresponding  secretary  ;  and  John  M.  Gordon, 
secretary  and  treasurer.  At  first  the  society  was  small, 
but  during  its  long  existence  it  grew  to  be  a  potent 
factor  in  the  moral  life  of  Lynchburg. 

Early  in  the  new  year,  news  was  received  that  sent 
a  thrill  of  gladness  through  the  hearts  of  the  people  of 
the  town.  It  was  announced  through  the  following 
extra : 

The  Press  Extra. 

Lynchburg,  Friday  Morning,  4  o'clock, 

17th  Feb.,  1815. 
By  an  express  (arrived  this  morning  at  1  o'clock,  left  Richmond 
on  Wednesday  evening  at  2  o'clock)  we  have  the  satisfaction  to  an- 
nounce to  our  readers  the  following  Glorious  News  : 

"We  have  the  pleasing  satisfaction  to  announce  to  you  that  the 
Preliminaries  of  Peace  between  Great  Britain  and  this  country 
have  certainly  been  signed.  Fox  &  Richardson." 

Another  letter,  of  the  same  date,  from  Richmond  : 

"An  account  from  Fredericksburg,  which  reached  here  this  morn- 
ing, informs  of  a  treaty  between  this  country  and  Great  Britain, 
having  been  received  at  Washington,  the  account  is  confirmed  by 
many  of  character.  Anderson  &  Blair." 

An  express  from  Alexandria  (left  that  place  on  the  13th  instant) 
to  William  Morgan,  of  this  place  (Lynchburg),  adds  the  following 
particulars  : 


LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  55 

"The  Preliminaries  of  Peace  between  this  country  and  England 
was  signed  at  Ghent  on  the  25th  December,  which  news  we  have  by 
an  arrival  at  N.  York  last  Saturday  (11th  February)." 

When  this  was  issued  the  Virginia  Methodist  Con- 
ference was  in  session  here  in  the  new  meeting  house, 
which  had  not  yet  been  completed.  Bishops  Asbury 
and  McKendree  were  present,  and  John  Early  was 
secretary.  When  Conference  adjourned,  the  preachers 
carried  the  good  news  to  nearly  every  country  place  in 
the  State. 

The  immediate  result  of  peace  was  the  advance  in 
the  price  of  tobacco,  wheat  and  all  kinds  of  produce. 
Then  the  soldiers  began  to  return.  The  Lynchburg 
Rifles  reached  here  in  March,  and  the  citizens  gave 
them  a  public  dinner  in  honor  of  their  return. 

One  of  the  interesting  events  in  connection  with  the 
war,  so  far  as  Lynchburg  was  concerned,  was  that 
which  took  place  here  the  latter  part  of  April.  It  was 
learned  that  a  very  distinguished  man  would  pass 
through  the  town  on  his  way  to  Washington.  He  was 
expected  to  stop  at  "  Poplar  Forest,"  and  from  there 
Mr.  Jefferson  would  accompany  him.  Mr.  Jeiferson 
was  here  frequently,  so  it  was  not  his  visit,  but  that  of 
the  hero  with  him,  for  which  the  people  were  preparing. 
The  houses  were  decorated,  the  military  companies  were 
out  in  full  uniform,  and  the  streets  were  crowded  with 
people.  A  committee  had  been  sent  out  on  the  Forest 
road  to  meet  them.  The  cannon  on  the  hill  began  to 
boom,  and  every  eye  was  turned  towards  West  street, 
to  catch  the  first  glimpse  of  the  hero  of  New  Orleans. 


56  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

Soon  General  Andrew  Jackson,  sitting  in  a  four-horse 
vehicle  by  the  side  of  Mr.  Jefferson,  entered  the  town, 
and  was  escorted  to  the  Town  House,  or  courthouse, 
where  Mr.  Jefferson,  the  mayor  and  some  of  the  alder- 
men, in  short  speeches,  welcomed  him  to  Lynchburg. 
From  here  they  proceeded  to  Bell  Tavern,  which  stood 
where  Dr.  Daniel  Langhorne  now  lives,  and  which  was 
afterwards  moved  to  Madison  street,  near  Eighth.  In 
the  afternoon  a  large  public  dinner  was  given  at  Mar- 
tin's Warehouse  in  honor  of  the  distinguished  guest. 
This  was  attended  by  all  the  principal  gentlemen  of  the 
town  and  vicinity,  and  was  presided  over  by  Mayor  James 
Stewart.  Among  the  many  toasts  was  this  one,  oifered 
by  Mr.  Jefferson  :  "  Honor  to  the  man  who  has  filled 
the  measure  of  his  country's  glory."  At  night  a  fashion- 
able ball  was  given  at  Bell  Tavern.  Early  next  morn- 
ing, the  two  distinguished  men  crossed  the  ferry  and  took 
up  their  journey  towards  Washington.  While  at  the 
tavern  many  visitors  called.  When  nearly  all  had  left, 
the  door  was  pushed  open  and  two  boys,  about  seven 
years  old,  peeped  in.  "What  do  you  want?"  asked 
Mr.  Jefferson.  "  We  want  to  see  Jackson  and  Jeffer- 
son," said  the  oldest.  The  door  was  opened  and  the 
boys  invited  in.  They  chatted  merrily  for  a  while 
and  left.  One  was  the  son  of  Mr.  Ward,  the  tavern- 
keeper,  and  the  other  was  William  Allen,  afterwards 
United  States  Senator  and  Governor  of  Ohio. 

At  this  time  Lynchburg  did  not  lack  for  physicians 
and  schools.  Mention  was  made  in  the  papers  of  Dr. 
James  Saunders,  Dr.  Cornelius  Baldwin,  Jr.,  Dr.  S. 


LYNCHBUEG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  57 

K.  Jennings,  Dr.  William  Leftwich  and  Dr.  R.  B. 
Tindall.  Joab  Watson  gave  notice  that  he  had  estab- 
lished an  English  academy,  John  and  Sarah  Pryor  had 
a  female  school,  and  Thomas  A.  Holcombe  a  school  for 
boys.  Mrs.  Mary  B.  Deane  taught  a  female  school,  as- 
did  Rev.  William  S.  Reid.  At  these  schools,  notably  the 
last,  many  of  the  leading  people  of  the  town  received 
their  education. 

The  new  Methodist  meeting  house  was  now  finished, 
and  a  gift  was  made  the  church  which  was  novel  in 
Lynchburg  and  novel  in  Methodism — a  bell.     The  in- 
scription on  the  bell  was  :  "  Presented  by  the  Ladys 
of  Lynchburg   a   present    to   the    Methodist  Society. 
1815.    Ed.  Hedderley,  Philadelphia,  Fecit."     The  bell 
was  made  after  the  pattern  of  the  Liberty  bell,  though 
smaller.     It  is  now  in  possession  of  Centenary  church. 
For  some  years  the  Methodists  had  the  only  church 
in  the  town,  but  this  could  not  be  said  any  longer. 
Rev.  W.  S.  Reid  succeeded  Rev.  James  Tompkins  as 
a  teacher,  and  also  as  a  Presbyterian  preacher.     He 
preached  as  opportunity  offered,  and  soon  had  a  nucleus 
for  a  church.     He  gave  a  portion  of  the  land  adjoining 
his  school,  on  Second  street,  and  went  to  work  to  build 
a  Presbyterian   church.     His  efforts  were  successful, 
and  in  a  short  while  a  two-story  brick  church,  with  a 
high   steeple,  was  dedicated  to  the  worship  of  God. 
The  church  stood  on  the  site  of  the  present  church  on 
Main  street,  near  Thirteenth.     The  elders  of  the  new 
organization  were  John  R.  D.  Payne,  James  Stewart, 
and  John  M.  Gordon. 


58  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

The  inhabitants  of  the  city  of  the  dead  were  increasing 
in  proportion  to  the  increase  of  Lynchburg's  population, 
and  the  "  new  burying  ground  "  was  not  large  enough. 
Application  was  made  to  John  Lynch,  and  he  gave 
another  acre  of  ground  adjoining  the  first  one  given. 
It  was  given  on  condition  that  if  it  ceased  to  be  used 
for  a  graveyard  it  should  revert  to  him  and  his  heirs. 
Many  advocated  moving  the  burying  ground,  because, 
they  said,  the  ground  was  rocky,  the  graves  on  the  hill 
soon  filled  with  water,  and  the  springs  and  wells  which 
took  their  rise  near  there  were  contaminated.  Mr. 
Lynch  ofiered  to  give  ten  acres  on  the  hill  across  the 
branch  if  this  property  were  returned  to  him.  The 
council  voted  down  the  proposition  to  move  the  ceme- 
tery, and  ordered  that  the  two  acres  be  enclosed  "  with 
locust  posts  and  a  rail  fence  four  and  a  half  feet  high, 
the  rails  .sawed  and  mortised  in  the  posts." 

Lynchburg  not  only  cared  for  its  own,  but  it  was 
always  ready  to  help  a  sister  city  in  distress.  In  July 
of  this  year  a  disastrous  fire  occurred  in  Petersburg, 
which  rendered  a  number  of  people  homeless  and  pen- 
niless. Application  was  made  to  Lynchburg  for  help 
for  the  afflicted  people,  and  it  immediately  responded 
with  one  thousand,  one  hundred  and  sixty-seven  dollars, 
which  was  sent  John  Osborne,  treasurer  of  the  fund. 
This  was  a  liberal  contribution,  when  it  is  remembered 
that  the  population,  including  slaves  and  all,  was 
scarcely  three  thousand.  When  the  census  was  taken  the 
next  year,  June,  1816,  there  were  only  three  thousand 
and  eighty-seven  inhabitants,  distributed  as  follows : 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.         59 

White  males  over  sixteen, 674 

White  males  under  sixteen, 343 

White  females  over  sixteen, 379 

White  females  under  sixteen, 369 

Free  persons  of  color, 256 

Slaves, 1,056 

3,087 

Insurance  was  not  known  here  at  this  time,  but 
there  was  something  better,  the  liberality  of  the  people. 
This  was  shown  on  many  occasions,  one  of  which  is 
especially  worthy  of  note.  When  the  dwelling  of  Joe 
Nicholas,  a  poor  man,  was  destroyed  this  year  by  fire, 
the  people  responded  at  once,  and  presented  him  with 
thirteen  hundred  dollars  with  which  to  build  him  a 
new  house. 

The  following  year,  1816,  was  a  year  of  great  dearth. 
The  beginning  was  promising,  but  the  ending  was 
gloomy.  It  was  known  by  many  as  the  "  year  without 
a  summer."  April  was  a  month  of  storms,  and  in  May 
the  vegetation  that  had  budded  was  frozen.  There 
was  frost  and  snow  in  June ;  in  July  and  August 
ice  formed  in  exposed  places,  and  September  and  Oc- 
tober seemed  to  have  taken  the  place  of  December.  In 
consequence  of  this  the  crops  all  failed,  and  hard 
times  followed. 

This  condition  of  affairs  did  not  last  long,  for  when 
the  next  year  came  it  brought  prosperity  with  it.  One 
of  the  most  interesting  events  of  the  year  was  the 
organization,  in  April,  1817,  by  John  Thurman,  George 
R.  Walker,  and  James  McGeehee,  of  the  first  Sunday- 


60  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

school  in  Lynchburg,  and  one  of  the  first  in  the  State. 
This  school,  which  was  under  the  auspices  of  the  Meth- 
odist Society,  was  also  notable  in  that  four  of  the  boys 
who  went  out  from  it  became  United  States  Senators  : 
William  Allen,  of  Ohio  ;  Allen  G.  Thurman,  of  Ohio  ; 
Isaac  P.  Walker,  of  Wisconsin ,  and  one  from  Missis- 
sippi. It  started  with  twenty  scholars,  who  were 
divided  into  three  classes,  and  continued  until  cold 
weather.  In  April  of  next  year  it  began  again  with 
two  hundred  scholars,  and  continues  to-day. 

May  of  this  year  saw  another  public  improvement : 
two  clerk's  offices,  one-story  brick  buildings,  were 
erected  on  the  upper  and  lower  side  of  the  courthouse. 
One  was  for  the  Hustings  and  the  other  for  the  Superior 
Court. 

Some  of  the  citizens  saw  a  great  future  for  Lynch- 
burg, and  especially  if  the  river  could  be  better  utilized 
for  transportation  purposes.  Many  had  been  thinking 
on  the  subject,  and  in  August,  1817,  the  Lynchburg 
paper  put  forth  a  bold  proposition.  To  many  it  was 
only  a  dream  of  an  impractical  mind ;  to  others  it 
w^as  a  movement  fraught  with  much  interest  to  this 
town  and  to  the  whole  State.  It  was  proposed  to  con- 
nect the  East  and  West  by  means  of  the  James,  Ka- 
nawha, and  Ohio  rivers,  so  that  boats  drawing  eight 
feet  of  water  could  make  the  trip.  The  rivers  were  to 
be  dug  out  and  dams  built  across  them  at  certain  places, 
and  locks  were  to  be  put  in  the  dams,  so  that  boats 
could  ascend  from  one  level  to  another.  The  paper 
urgently  called  upon  the  citizens  to  arouse  themselves 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.         61 

and  urge  the  adoption  of  this  plan.  A  long  petition 
was  gotten  up  here  and  presented  to  the  next  legisla- 
ture. Several  bills  were  proposed  and  the  matter  was 
warmly  debated,  but  nothing  came  of  it  at  this  session, 
except  to  have  the  James  river  dug  out  at  several  places 
so  that  the  shallow  boats  could  more  easily  pass.  This 
was  called  sluice  navigation.  This  plan  may  not  have 
been  feasible,  but  it  was  not  altogether  worthless,  for 
it  led  the  way  for  a  canal  in  later  years  nearly  over  the 
same  route. 

Even  now  river  transportation  was  a  considerable 
business.  There  were  large  fleets  of  batteaux  near  the 
ferry  landing  that  plied  between  here  and  Richmond. 
The  boats  were  forty  or  fifty  feet  long,  two  feet  deep, 
and  from  four  to  five  feet  wide.  It  took  them  a  week 
to  go  to  Richmond,  and  about  ten  days  to  return.  It 
usually  took  three  slaves  to  manage  them,  and  they 
were  furnished  with  sixty  pounds  of  bacon  and  two 
bushels  of  meal  for  the  trip.  In  addition  to  "  finding  " 
the  hands,  one  dollar  per  hundred  pounds  of  freight 
was  charged.  Dr.  Bagby  thus  speaks  of  the  batteaux  : 
"  If  a  man  ever  gloried  in  liis  calling,  the  negro  bat- 
teauman  was  that  man.  His  was  a  hardy  calling,  de- 
manding skill,  courage  and  strength  in  a  high  degree. 
I  can  see  him  now  striding  the  plank  that  ran  along 
the  gunwale  to  afford  him  a  footing,  his  long  iron-shod 
pole  trailing  in  the  water  behind  him.  Now  he  turns, 
and  after  one  or  two  ineffectual  eflbrts  to  get  his  pole 
fixed  in  the  rocky  bottom  of  the  river,  secures  his  pur- 
chase, adjusts  the  upper  part  of  the  pole  to  the  pad  at 


62  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

his  shoulder,  bends  to  his  task,  and  the  long,  but  not 
ungraceful,  bark  mounts  the  rapids  like  a  sea-bird 
breasting  the  storm.  His  companion  on  the  other  side 
plies  the  pole  with  equal  ardor,  and  between  the  two 
the  boat  bravely  surmounts  every  obstacle,  be  it  rocks, 
rapids,  quicksands,  hammocks,  what  not.  A  third 
negro  at  the  stern  held  the  mighty  oar  that  served  as  a 
rudder.  A  stalwart,  jolly,  courageous  set  they  were, 
plying  the  pole  all  day,  hauling  in  to  shore  at  night 
under  the  friendly  shade  of  a  mighty  sycamore,  to  rest, 
eat,  to  play  the  banjo,  and  to  snatch  a  few  hours  of 
profound,  blissful  sleep." 

They  carried  down  hogsheads  of  tobacco,  wheat,  corn, 
potatoes,  hides,  and  such  other  things  as  the  farmers 
sent  to  market.  The  up-cargo  consisted  of  sacks  of 
salt,  bags  of  coffee,  barrels  of  sugar,  cakes,  molasses, 
and  whisky.  To  these  the  boatmen  helped  themselves, 
and  supplemented  by  fresh  fish,  eggs,  buttermilk,  ash 
cake  and  fried  bacon,  made  choice  living  for  the  happy 
crew. 

Until  the  canal  was  built  these  boats  did  nearly  all 
of  the  carrying  business  between  here  and  Richmond. 
After  that  was  built  they  passed  away,  and  even  in  late 
years  we  have  seen  one  nearly  buried  in  the  sand,  only 
an  end  of  it  showing,  and  that  fast  going  to  decay, 
enough  to  tell  of  the  days  of  long  ago. 

As  yet  there  was  no  Episcopal  church  here,  and  since 
the  abandonment  of  the  old  English  church  on  Fourth 
street,  no  Episcopal  preacher  visited  here  until  Septem- 
ber 14,  1817,  when  Rev.  Richard  Channing  Moore,  of 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  63 

Richmond,  bishop  of  the  Episcopal  church,  preached  in 
the  Methodist  meeting  house.  When  he  came  in  with 
his  surplice  on,  the  congregation  stared  at  him  with 
amazement.  Only  a  few  had  prayer-books  and  could 
go  through  the  service.  One  of  these  was  an  English- 
man, who  was  in  the  gallery.  He  responded  loudly, 
and  looked  upon  the  congregation  below  with  a  patron- 
izing air,  as  if  he  would  assure  them  that  he  pitied  them 
in  their  ignorance. 

At  this  early  day  there  was,  what  was  unusual  in 
many  places,  the  same  catliolic  spirit  among  the  denom- 
inations that  has  always  been  noticeable  in  the  churches 
of  Lynchburg.  The  Baptists  had  been  preaching  oc- 
casionally in  Mason's  Hall,  and  in  July,  1816,  they 
obtained  permission  to  preach  in  the  courthouse,  but 
when  Rev.  Luther  Rice,  agent  for  the  Baptist  Foreign 
Missionary  Society,  came  to  town,  it  was  desired  that  a 
better  place  be  secured  for  him.  The  Presbyterians  and 
Methodists  cheerfully  offered  their  meeting  houses,  and  he 
preached  at  one  in  the  morning  and  the  other  at  night. 
He  took  a  collection  at  each  place  and  raised,  what  was 
then  thought  a  goodly  sum,  two  hundred  and  four  dollars. 

There  were  two  other  interesting  developments  in 
the  history  of  the  church  life  of  the  town  this  year, 
1818.  In  April  the  Methodist  Sunday-school  was 
reorganized,  with  R.  Wilkeson  president,  and  William 
Burd,  John  Victor,  Jacob  Jordan,  John  Thurman, 
Samuel  Bransford,  and  John  Carson,  managers.  The 
Sabbath-school  society  of  the  Presbyterian  church  was 
organized  in  the  school  room  of  Rev.  R.  H.  Anderson, 


64  LYNCHBURa    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

and  met  May  3.  One  dollar  constituted  a  member 
and  ten  dollars  a  life  member.  Eev.  W.  S.  Reid,  pres- 
dent;  Rev.  R.  H.  Anderson  and  John  R.  D.  Payne, 
vice-presidents ;  John  M.  Gordon,  secretary  and  treas- 
urer ;  and  with  the  above-named  officers,  vStephen  Cook, 
John  Henson  and  James  Stewart  composed  the  board 
of  directors.  The  school  was  divided  into  male  and 
female  departments,  and  each  department  was  divided 
into  four  classes :  First,  alphabetical,  monosyllabic 
and  dissyllabic ;  second,  trisyllabic  and  polysyllabic ; 
third,  first  reader ;  fourth,  second  reader.  Each  scholar 
was  required,  in  addition  to  the  other  lessons,  to  mem- 
orize verses  of  Scripture,  hymns  and  the  catechism.  In 
both  of  these  schools  the  principal  part  of  the  teaching 
was  reading,  writing,  spelling  and  arithmetic,  with  as 
much  of  the  Bible  as  could  be  taught  when  the  other 
lessons  were  over. 

The  future  of  the  town  seemed  brighter  now  than  it 
had  ever  been.  Last  year  there  were  two  much-needed 
improvements:  September  1,  the  tavern  at  the  corner 
of  Main  and  Sixth  streets  had  been  improved  and  opened 
as  the  City  Hotel,  and  on  November  1,  the  Franklin 
Hotel,  built  by  Samuel  J.  Harrison,  corner  of  Main  and 
Eleventh  streets,  was  opened  by  Charles  Hoyle.  This 
was  the  leading  hotel  of  the  place,  and  continued  as  such 
after  its  name  was  changed  to  the  Norvell  House.  In 
April  of  this  year  the  Lynchburg  and  Salem  Turnpike 
Company  was  organized,  and  on  March  27,  John  Lynch 
and  others  began  building  a  toll  bridge  across  the  river 
where  the  present  bridge  now  stands. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.         65 

These  improvements  were  as  nothing  in  comparison 
with  what  was  to  follow  during  this  memorable  year. 
Charles  Williams  secured  permission  from  the  General 
Assembly  February  3,  1818,  to  establish  a  warehouse 
near  the  town  of  Lynchburg.  This  was  the  first  step  in 
the  development  of  a  great  scheme  he  had  in  mind.  He 
intended  to  dig  out  Horseford  branch  and  put  in  locks 
at  the  point  where  Hurt's  mill  now  stands,  so  that 
boats  could  come  up  to  Main  street  and  load  and 
unload.  He  built  arches  over  the  branch  near  Main 
street  and  erected  thereon  a  large  warehouse.  On  what 
is  now  Elm  avenue  he  erected  a  large  brick  residence, 
and  on  the  present  Main  street,  near  Fourteenth,  he  built 
a  three-story  brick  house  which  was  to  be  the  bank  of 
Williamsburg,  as  this  place,  which  was  beyond  the 
corporate  limits,  was  then  called. 

The  people  looked  upon  the  plan  with  favor  and 
expected  from  it  large  results.  Land  around  Williams- 
burg began  to  increase  in  value,  and  before  long 
Lynchburg  was  on  a  boom.  New  streets  were  blazed, 
for  beyond  Fourth  street  nearly  all  was  wood ;  new 
enterprises  were  projected,  and  all  pointed  to  a  large 
and  immediate  growth  of  the  town.  Land  here  was 
as  high  as  on  Broadway,  New  York,  and,  in  truth, 
many  thought  Lynchburg  would  outstrip  New  York 
in  the  race  for  the  position  of  chief  city  in  the  United 
States.  Some  idea  of  the  great  value  of  land  at  this 
time  can  be  formed  from  the  prices  a  few  lots  brought. 
The  half  acre  of  unimproved  land  on  the  corner  of  Fifth 
and  Jackson  streets,  where  John  R.  McDaniel  lived, 


66  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

was  sold  for  two  thousand,  five  hundred  dollars,  a  lot 
on  the  corner  of  Court  and  Ninth  streets  for  twenty 
thousand  dollars,  and  one  on  the  corner  of  Church  and 
Fifteenth  streets  for  fifteen  thousand  dollars. 

This  state  of  affairs  continued  only  a  few  months. 
The  fate  of  booms  was  the  fate  of  this  one  ;  it  had  its 
day  and  ceased  to  be.  The  Williams  project  failed, 
the  James  kept  within  its  banks,  and  many  citizens, 
before  prosperous,  were  now  ruined.  Financial  trouble 
was  everywhere  visible.  The  Farmers  Bank  had  been 
greatly  injured.  Charges  were  brought  against  the 
directors  "  for  misapplying  the  funds  of  the  bank  for 
the  purpose  of  giving  a  fictitious  and  unnatural  value 
to  real  estate  in  and  about  the  town  of  Lynchburg." 
The  matter  was  brought  before  the  legislature,  and 
finally  adjusted  without  much  injury  to  the  bank. 

Even  out  of  the  boom  some  good  came.  Main  street 
was  paved  from  Fifth  to  Twelfth,  at  a  cost  of  five 
thousand,  two  hundred  and  twenty-four  dollars;  the 
Press  was  changed  September  21  to  the  Lynchburg 
Press  and  Public  Advertiser,  and  issued  semi-weekly  ; 
William  Duffey  announced  that  he  would  publish  a  new 
paper,  the  Herald,  but  it  seems  that  it  went  the  way  of 
the  boom.  The  most  important  movement  of  all  during 
the  time  of  the  boom  was  the  effort  to  get  the  University 
here.  The  commissioners  were  shown  several  sites, 
and  of  these  the  one  on  Amherst  heights,  to  the  left  as 
you  go  over,  was  preferred.  At  one  time  there  was 
some  prospect  of  getting  it,  but  when  the  commissioners 
reported  to  the  legislature,  Lynchburg  had  lost  heart  on 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.         67 

account  of  its  great  losses,  and  when  the  bill  came  up 
for  its  passage  only  Lexington,  Staunton  and  Central 
College  in  Albemarle  were  proposed.  In  January, 
1819,  the  bill  locating  it  at  Central  College  passed  both 
houses,  and  Charlottesville  was  to  have  what  Lynch- 
burg might  have  had. 

Social  life  at  this  time  was  interesting ;  the  people 
were  not  too  sad  to  enjoy  the  entertainments  and  par- 
ties that  were  given.  Among  the  principal  entertain- 
ments were  those  given  by  the  Thespian  Society,  which 
was  composed  of  many  of  the  leading  young  men,  who 
had  associated  themselves  together  for  the  purpose  of 
presenting  certain  plays.  It  was  thought  the  thing  for 
every  educated  young  gentleman  to  take  part  in  these 
plays.  On  December  8,  1818,  they  presented  in  J.  &  P. 
Labby's  brick  building,  corner  First  street  and  Third 
alley,  "  Antonio,  or  How  to  Die  for  Love."  The  ad- 
mission was  one  dollar.  Sometimes  these  plays  were 
presented  in  the  theatre,  a  little  frame  building  on 
Third  street,  opposite  the  Franklin  Hotel 

When  the  year  1819  came  there  were  hopeful  signs. 
In  January  Robert  Morris,  Treasurer  of  Lynchburg 
Toll  Bridge  Company,  declared  a  dividend  of  two  per 
cent.  The  town  was  again  extended  in  March,  south- 
west as  far  as  Twelfth  street  (now  Monroe),  southeast 
to  Sixth  alley  (Twelfth  street)  and  northeast  to  Eleventh 
alley  (Third  street).  The  town  was  also  divided  into 
two  wards — Lynch's,  or  First  ward,  which  was  all 
that  part  of  the  town  below  First  alley  from  Lynch  to 
Monroe  street,  and  Henry,  or  Second  ward,  which  was 


68  LYNCHBURG    AND    IIS    PEOPLE. 

all  that  part  above  First  alley.  It  was  during  this 
year  that  the  free  bridge  was  built,  from  the  foot  of 
Lovers'  Leap  to  a  point  this  side  of  where  the  water- 
works dam  now  is.  The  people  congratulated  them- 
selves that  the  boom  lasted  no  longer,  and  thus  went  to 
work  to  retrieve  their  losses. 

Up  to  this  time  the  Baptists  had  had  no  regular  pas- 
tor. This  year  Rev.  John  S.  Lee  took  charge  of  the 
work  and  continued  to  preach  in  the  courthouse.  His 
membership  was  small  and  unable  to  give  him  a  support, 
so  he  worked  at  his  trade  as  a  carpenter,  and  at  the  same 
time  faithfully  tended  his  little  flock.  The  ordinance 
of  baptism  was  not  often  administered,  and  when  it 
was  Little  river,  that  branch  of  the  river  that  flows 
into  water-works  canal,  was  the  place.  The  summer 
of  this  year  great  excitement  was  created  when  it  was 
announced  that  Miss  Maria  Gray,  an  elderly  lady,  was 
to  be  baptized  in  the  river.  Mrs.  Cabell  thus  describes 
the  scene  :  "On  a  bright,  lovely  Sabbath  morning,  pre- 
vious to  the  hour  of  worship,  the  solemn  ordinance 
took  place,  and  the  sweet  rural  scenes  on  the  banks  of 
the  river,  and  the  rare  enjoyment  of  gathering  blue 
bottles  and  other  wild  flowers,  is  still  remembered  with 
pleasure.  Though  we  had  been  accustomed  to  seeing 
this  venerable  lady  almost  every  week  of  our  then 
brief  life  at  that  period,  yet,  when  the  carriage  was 
seen  in  the  distance  bringing  her  to  the  place  of  bap- 
tism, such  was  the  excitement  that  a  general  rush  took 
place  to  the  water  side  in  unavailing  effort  to  get  the 
first  glimpse  of  her  as  she  descended  from  the  convey- 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.         69 

ance,  and  those  who  could  not  get  near  consoled  them- 
selves by  a  minute  examination  of  the  hack  and  driver, 
which  they  saw  every  day,  as  it  was  one  of  the  two 
best  hacks  of  which  Lynchburg  boasted." 

The  last  event  of  this  decade  that  claims  our  atten- 
tion was  that  which  took  place  December  6,  an  act  of 
humanity  in  enlarging  the  prison  metes  and  bounds. 
It  was  the  custom  at  this  time  to  imprison  men  for 
debt,  and,  to  relieve  the  unfortunate  persons  from  con- 
tact with  the  prisoners  and  confinement  in  the  jail, 
they  were  allowed  to  go  at  will  within  certain  bounds 
fixed  by  law.  The  bounds  had  been  rather  narrow,  so 
at  this  time  they  were  enlarged  so  as  to  take  in  the 
Methodist  meeting-house,  as  many  taverns  as  the  law 
allowed,  the  postoffice,  and  Masons'  Hall.  The  bounds 
as  enlarged  were  as  follows  :  Beginning  at  the  jail  the 
line  ran  on  the  east  side  of  Ninth  street,  across  Court 
and  Church  streets  to  the  middle  of  the  square,  thence 
across  the  square  to  Tenth  street,  up  the  street  by 
Friends'  Warehouse  to  the  south  side  of  Church, 
down  Church  to  the  Methodist  meeting-house,  across 
the  street  to  the  opposite  side  of  Church,  thence  back 
to  Tenth  and  down  to  the  middle  of  the  square,  thence 
across  the  square  to  the  east  side  of  Eleventh  street, 
thence  down  to  the  curb-stone  on  the  south  side  of 
Main,  past  the  Franklin,  thence  up  Main  to  the  post- 
office,  corner  of  Seventh  street,  thence  up  Seventh  to 
the  south  side  of  Church,  down  Church  past  Bell 
Tavern,  Washington  Inn,  and  Masons'  Hall,  thence 
up  the  western   side  of  Ninth  street  to   Clay  to  the 


70  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

jail.*  Within  these  ten  acres  the  prisoners  for  debt  were 
allowed  to  go,  but  if  they  overstepped  the  bounds  they 
were  confined  in  the  jail.  About  the  close  of  the 
next  ten  years  this  law  was  abolished,  and  men  were  no 
longer  imprisoned  for  debt. 


*  I  have  substituted  the  modern  names  of  the  streets  for  convenience. 


CHAPTER  y. 

At  this  time  the  most  important  problem  before  the 
growing  town  of  Lynchburg  was,  how  shall  we  supply 
the  place  with  water  ?  The  old  reservoir  at  the  foot  of 
the  hill  on  Market  street  had  proved  a  dismal  failure, 
and  the  wells  sunk  before  the  "water  works"  were 
established  had  been  filled  up,  so  that  the  town  was  at 
the  mercy  of  the  devouring  flames.  What  could 
Lynchburg  be  with  no  protection  against  fire?  The 
question  was  discussed  a  great  deal,  for  it  was  evident 
that  something  must  be  done.  At  length  the  council 
made  a  start  by  appointing,  on  June  27,  1822,  William 
Burd,  John  Schoolfield,  H.  Davies,  and  John  R.  D. 
Payne,  a  committee  to  devise  means  for  bringing  water 
into  the  tow^n  for  the  extinguishing  of  fire.  Here  the 
matter  rested  for  several  years,  and  the  people  had  to 
be  satisfied  with  the  primitive  water  works  of  John 
Lynch,  Jr.,  which  in  1817  he  sold  to  James  Wade. 

Many  new  buildings  were  started  at  the  beginning 
of  this  period.  The  Baptists  had  organized  a  society 
and  were  preaching  in  the  courthouse,  but  in  January, 
1820,  they  began  to  build  a  meeting  house  on  Court 
street,  between  Fourth  and  Fifth.  It  was  a  small  brick 
house  and  stood  back  in  the  yard  near  Church  street, 
almost  adjoining  the  house  now  occupied  by  J.  W. 
West.  This  house  was  dedicated  August  5,  1821, 
Rev.  William  Leftwich,  of  Bedford,  preaching  the  ser- 


72  LYNCHBUEa    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

mon.  Prior  to  this,  and  many  years  afterwards,  the 
Baptists  and  the  Methodists  held  Sunday-school  together 
at  the  latter  church. 

Several  times  in  the  paper  articles  had  appeared  de- 
ploring the  fact  that  there  was  no  Episcopal  church  in 
Lynchburg.  Moved  by  these  and  other  appeals,  the 
friends  of  the  Protestant  Episcopal  church  held  a  meet- 
ing at  the  Franklin  Hotel,  September  14,  1822,  for  the 
purpose  of  organizing  a  church  here,  and  arranging  for 
the  permanent  support  of  an  Episcopal  clergyman  to 
look  after  the  work  in  Lynchburg,  New  London  and 
Bedford.  The  meeting  was  opened  with  prayer  by  the 
Rev.  C  H.  Page ;  Captain  Robert  L.  Coleman  was 
elected  chairman,  and  Rev.  Nicholas  H.  Cobbs,  secre- 
tary ;  Hon.  George  Tucker,  Chiswell  Dabney,  James 
Bullock,  Dr.  Howell  Davies,  Henry  Morris,  and  Elijah 
Fletcher  were  appointed  the  committee  for  Lynchburg. 
The  vestry  for  the  whole  work  was  to  meet  on  the 
28th,  but  it  rained  and  the  meeting  was  postponed. 
The  Lynchburg  committee,  however,  met  and  at  once 
went  to  work.  They  succeeded  in  raising  money 
enough  to  support  a  minister,  and  secured  the  services 
of  the  Rev.  Amos  Tredway,  who  preached  in  Masons' 
Hall  from  1822  to  1824.  In  September  of  1824,  the 
Rev.  Franklin  G.  Smith,  who  had  opened  a  school  here, 
became  the  pastor  of  the  little  flock,  which  consisted  of 
seven  communicants.  He  continued  holding  services 
in  Masons'  Hall,  and  in  1825  started  a  subscription 
for  a  new  church,  which  soon  amounted  to  two  thou- 
sand,  eight  hundred  and  four  dollars.     Mrs.  George 


LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  73 

Cabell  gave  the  lot  at  the  corner  of  Church  and  Seventh 
streets,  on  which  a  brick  building  was  erected.  Th6 
church  was  very  picturesque,  standing  on  a  high  plateau 
surrounded  by  beautiful  shade  trees,  and  reached  from 
Church  street  by  twelve  or  eighteen  stone  steps^ 
Thursday,  May  18, 1826,  when  the  annual  State  conven- 
tion of  the  Episcopal  church  was  to  meet  in  Lynchburg, 
was  appointed  as  the  time  for  the  dedication.  Thirty- 
seven  clergymen  attended,  and  when  the  hour  for 
services  arrived  a  large  congregation  assembled.  Bishop 
Richard  Channing  Moore  preached  from  Exodus 
XX :  24.  After  the  sermon  he  consecrated  St.  Paul's 
church,  and  confirmed  thirty-one  persons. 

A  Sunday-school  was  organized  August  24,  with 
Seth  Ward,  president ;  Walter  H.  Middleton,  secretary  ; 
Alexander  T.  Douglas,  superintendent;  and  D.  Bradfute, 
treasurer.  The  visitors  were,  Mrs.  Ann  Byrd,  Mrs. 
William  Daniel,  Mrs.  Dr.  Cabell,  Mrs.  C.  Anthony, 
Mrs.  H.  Montgomerie,  Mrs.  D.  Bradfute,  Mrs.  P.  H. 
Cabell,  Mrs.  S.  Claytor,  Mrs.  Elijah  Fletcher,  Mrs. 
H.  S.  White,  Mrs.  Dr.  William  Owens,  and  Mrs.  T. 
T.  Bowen. 

A  great  innovation  was  made  November  13,  of  this 
year,  when  a  pipe  organ  was  introduced  into  the  church. 
Some  thought  it  a  very  questionable  proceeding. 
Nothing  before  had  been  seen  like  it  in  Lynchburg. 
Rev.  F.  G.  Smith  preached  a  sermon  upholding  the  use 
of  an  organ  in  the  church,  but  this  did  not  heal  the 
breach.  Sentiment  was  greatly  divided,  some  holding 
that  the  use  of  an  organ  in  religious  services  was  sacri- 


74  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

legious,  and  that  they  would  absent  themselves  from 
any  church  that  was  guilty  of  this  sin  ;  others  held  that 
God  could  be  praised  by  the  use  of  an  instrument  as  well 
as  by  the  human  voice,  and  they  rejoiced  in  the  new 
music.  The  agitation  brought  many  to  church  to  hear 
the  "new  machine."  Among  the  organizations  that 
took  a  good  deal  of  interest  in  it  were  "  Marshall  Lodge  " 
and  the  Thespian  Society.  Each  contributed  to  it,  the 
latter  as  much  as  five  hundred  dollars,  which  was  raised 
by  entertainments.  It  may  seem  strange  to  us  that 
there  should  have  been  any  question  as  to  the  use  of  an 
organ  in  church,  but  to  many  people  at  this  time,  and 
even  later,  it  was  a  problem  hard  to  solve. 

Lynchburg  has  always  been  well  supplied  with  schools. 
Rev.  Stith  Mead  established  a  Lancasterian  school,  so 
named  in  honor  of  Joseph  Lancaster,  who  first  established 
a  school  on  the  principle  of  mutual  instruction.  This 
did  not  last  long,  and  the  schoolhouse  was  rented  Sep- 
tember, 1821,  at  fifty  dollars  a  year,  for  the  first  poor- 
house  of  the  town.  Henry  and  Ann  Morris  established 
a  female  institute  in  the  house  of  Dr.  John  Cabell,  at 
the  corner  of  Main  and  Fifth  streets  ;  Thomas  Dillard 
had  a  school  for  boys,  and  Mrs.  Owen  taught  a  school 
for  boys  and  girls  in  the  old  frame  house  which  now 
stands  on  the  corner  of  Church  and  Eighth  streets. 
These,  in  addition  to  many  of  the  schools  already  men- 
tioned, were  doing  a  good  work,  but  a  more  important 
movement  was  made  September  20,  1822.  A  public 
meeting  was  held  at  the  Methodist  meeting  house. 
John  Hancock,  the  mayor,  was  chairman,  and  T.  A. 


LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  75 

Holcombe  secretary  and  treasurer.  The  meeting  was 
called  to  establish  the  Lynchburg  free  school,  for  the 
education  of  poor  children ;  for,  said  one  speaker, 
"genius  is  often  repressed  by  the  chilling  hand  of 
poverty."  The  money  was  to  be  raised  by  private 
subscription,  and  the  board  of  managers  was  to  make 
application  to  the  General  Assembly  for  articles  of  in- 
corporation. William  Norvell,  John  Victor,  Rev. 
John  Early,  William  J.  Holcombe,  John  Caskie,  Wil- 
liam Burd,  Christopher  Winfree,  and  James  Warwick 
constituted  the  board.  Application  was  made,  and  on 
February  14,  1823,  the  legislature  incorporated  the 
Lynchburg  Charity  School.  This  was  the  town's  first 
organized  effort  for  public  education. 

While  these  events  were  taking  place,  the  strong 
link  that  bound  the  ferry  of  the  early  days  to  the 
citizens  of  this  period  was  broken.  On  October  31, 
1820,  John  Lynch,  the  originator  of  the  ferry  and  the 
founder  of  Lynchburg,  died.  Mr.  Lynch  was  born  at 
"Chestnut  Hill"  in  1740,  and  early  in  life  married 
Mary  Bowles.  After  his  marriage  he  lived  on  his  farm 
near  the  Quaker  meeting  house,  afterwards  owned  by 
Charles  Henry  Lynch,  until  the  establishment  of  the 
ferry,  when  he  moved  to  the  ferry  house.  He  lived 
here  until  about  1800,  and  then  moved  back  to  his 
farm.  Later  he  built  a  house  in  Lynchburg,  on  the 
spot  where  Stockton  Terry's  house  now  stands,  and  lived 
here  until  his  death.  This  house  was  burned  about 
1850.  Mr.  Lynch  is  described  as  being  tall,  very  erect, 
with  clean-shaven  face  and  a  fair  complexion.     Being 


76  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

a  strict  Quaker,  he  wore  their  distinctive  dress  and  used 
their  peculiar  speech.  An  obituary  of  him,  written  by- 
Christopher  Anthony,  and  published  in  the  Press,  thus 
speaks  of  him  : 

"He  was  a  zealous  and  pious  member  of  the  Society  of  Friends, 
and  although  laboring  for  the  last  fifty  years  of  his  life  under  a  pul- 
monary complaint,  which  rendered  him  extremely  weak  and  feeble 
in  body,  he  was  nevertheless  active  and  prompt  in  the  discharge  of 
the  various  duties  of  husband,  father,  and  friend.  He  possessed  a 
mind  of  the  first  order — a  mind  unimpaired  by  disease  or  old  age, 
until  a  very  short  time  before  his  death,  and  a  fortitude  and  firmness 
of  character  seldom  equalled.  He  witnessed  the  rise  and  progress 
of  the  town  of  Lynchburg,  from  the  laying  of  the  first  corner-stone — 
in  fact,  from  the  period  when  the  site  was  a  howling  wilderness — to 
its  present  size  and  grandeur  ;  and  such  was  the  veneration  which 
the  inhabitants  of  the  town  entertained  for  him,  that  he  might  be 
regarded  as  standing  amongst  them  very  much  in  the  light  of  one  of 
the  patriarchs  of  old.  Few  measures  of  a  general  nature  were  set  on 
foot  without  consulting  him,  and  he  was  always  found  a  zealous  pro- 
moter of  whatever  tended  to  advance  the  general  good.  Amongst 
other  traits  of  character  in  this  excellent  man,  those  of  charity  and 
benevolence  were  very  conspicuous.  To  the  poor  his  doors  were  ever 
opened." 

He  was  buried  on  a  beautiful  autumn  day,  and  a 
large  concourse  of  people  followed  him  to  his  last  rest- 
ing place.  His  unmarked  grave  is  in  the  northeast 
corner  of  the  Quaker  burying-ground.  It  is  hoped 
that  some  day  the  spot  will  be  appropriately  marked. 
Still,  it  may  well  be  said  :  "  If  you  seek  his  monument, 
look  about  you." 

Buildings  of  a  public  nature  were  rapidly  increasing 
in  the  place.  A  new  theatre  was  built  in  1820,  on  the 
site  of  the  old  colored  Baptist  church,  on  Court  street, 
near  Fifth.     It  was  a  plain,  one-story  brick  building. 


LYNCHBULG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  77 

that  looked  more  like  a  stable  than  an  opera  house. 
And  as  to  taverns,  why  this  was  tavern- town.  Besides 
the  Franklin  and  City  hotels,  and  Eagle,  Bell  and  In- 
dian Queen  taverns,  there  were  Cross  Keys  tavern, 
corner  Main  and  Twelfth  streets,  with  two  big  keys 
crossed  for  a  sign,  and  Western  tavern,  on  the  corner 
of  Fifth  and  Madison  streets,  and  Paulette's  tavern,  on 
Twelfth  street,  near  where  the  Payne  building  now 
stands ;  and  last,  but  not  least,  Washington  inn,  on  the 
corner  of  Church  and  Seventh  streets,  with  a  large 
round  sign  hanging  across  the  sidewalk,  on  which  was 
painted  an  heroic  size  picture  of  General  Washington. 
Many  were  the  happy  hours  spent  in  these  taverns  in 
the  days  that  are  past  and  gone. 

There  was  another  public  building  the  town  wanted 
to  add  to  those  it  already  had — a  library.  In  February, 
1822,  the  Lynchburg  Literary  and  Library  Company 
was  incorporated  by  the  legislature,  for  the  improve- 
ment of  the  citizens  and  the  establishment  of  a  public 
library.  The  company  may  have  improved  the  citizens, 
but  the  latter  part  of  its  charter  it  never  fulfilled.  We 
hope,  however,  that  ere  February,  1922  passes,  some 
successor  in  citizenship  will  present  to  his  native  city 
this  much-needed  building. 

Another  interesting  fact  in  the  progress  of  the  place 
was  the  changing  of  the  Press  and  Advertiser,  on  Au- 
gust 6,  1822,  to  the  Lynchburg  Virginian.  It  was 
owned  by  Pleasants,  Butler  &  Co.,  and  in  January, 
1824,  Eichard  H.  Toler  assumed  the  editorship  of  the 
paper.     At  the  same  time  a  proposal  was  issued  by 


78  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITL   PEOPLE. 

Achilles  D,  Johnson  for  another  semi- weekly  paper,  the 
Lynchburg  Herald.  This  appeared,  but  lived  not  quite 
one  year. 

Again  the  graveyard  of  the  town  w^as  causing  trouble. 
It  was  in  such  a  dilapidated  condition  that  many  hated 
to  place  their  dead  there  ;  but  there  was  no  alternative. 
The  elders  of  the  Presbyterian  church  took  the  matter 
in  charge.  On  January  16,  1824,  they  announced  that 
they,  with  other  citizens,  had  subscribed  and  collected 
a  sum  sufficient  to  purchase  two  acres  for  a  new  grave- 
yard, about  the  same  distance  from  the  town  as  the  old 
one,  on  the  road  leading  to  Campbell  Courthouse.  It 
was  to  be  under  the  management  of  the  elders  of  the 
Presbyterian  church  here,  who  expected  to  enclose  it 
with  a  brick  wall,  if  they  had  money  enough,  and  if 
not,  with  a  plank  fence.  All  persons  who  wanted  an 
interest  in  the  new  cemetery  were  invited  to  call  at 
John  M.  Gordon's  counting-room  and  enroll  their 
names  as  subscribers.  The  following  June,  the  subscrib- 
ers met  at  the  graveyard  and  chose  their  lots.  Nearly 
every  day  from  that  time  to  the  present  a  new  grave 
has  been  made  in  this  beautiful  city  of  the  dead,  until 
it  holds  the  precious  remains  of  hundreds,  even  thou- 
sands, of  Lynchburg's  people. 

Lynchburg  was  not  so  much  absorbed  in  its  own  af- 
fairs as  to  forget  what  was  going  on  beyond  ;  its  sympa- 
thies were  large,  extending  even  to  Europe.  Greece  was 
heroically  struggling  for  her  liberty,  and  the  liberty- 
loving  people  of  this  place  wanted  to  lend  a  helping 
hand.     The  land  of  Homer  and  the  home  of  Plato  and 


LYJS'CHBUEG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  79 

Socrates  was  dear  to  tlieir  hearts.  Thomas  A.  Holcombe, 
the  mayor,  called  a  public  meeting  of  the  citizens  at 
the  Franklin  Hotel,  February  24,  1824,  to  devise  plans 
to  help  the  Greeks.  It  was  decided  to  raise  a  large 
amount  of  money  and  send  them  in  the  name  of  Lib- 
erty. Resolutions  of  sympathy  were  passed,  and  the 
people  pledged  themselves  to  go  to  work  to  raise  the 
amount.  Richard  Pollard,  John  Victor,  John  M. 
Gordon,  S.  H.  Davis,  Daniel  Williams,  and  Henry 
S.  Langhorne,  were  appointed  a  committee  to  solicit 
subscriptions.  The  young  people  helped  ;  the  dramatic 
society  presented  "  The  Rivals "  at  the  new  theatre, 
and  a  ball  was  given  at  the  Franklin  for  the  benefit  of 
the  fund.  A  large  amount  was  raised,  and  immediately 
forwarded  to  Athens. 

Truly  the  town  in  its  sympathies  was  unbounded  by 
land  or  by  water,  or  by  nationality.  In  April  of  this 
same  year  a  society  was  organized  at  the  Presbyterian 
church  for  the  amelioration  of  the  Jews  scattered 
throughout  the  world.  What  this  society  did  we  know 
not,  but  if  it  did  nothing,  its  intention  was  good. 

The  question  of  liberty  now  came  nearer  home  than 
Greece ;  the  town  itself  had  to  fight  for  the  precious 
possession.  The  people  of  the  county  believed  in  in- 
ternal improvements,  and  since  Lynchburg  was  so 
willing  to  help  other  people,  they  saw  no  reason  why 
it  should  not  put  some  of  its  help  nearer  home.  Ac- 
cordingly, the  citizens  of  the  town  were  cited  by 
Campbell  court  to  work  the  roads  outside  of  the  cor- 
porate limits,  or  pay  a  fine.     What  a  consternation  this 


80  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

produced  !  The  town  people,  with  their  tender  hands, 
going  out  to  work  county  roads  !  If  they  were  able, 
it  was  a  menace  to  their  personal  liberty.  Lynchburg 
heartily  resisted  the  court's  summons,  and  learned  legal 
talent  was  engaged  on  both  sides.  Battles  long  and 
fierce  were  fought  in  two  courts.  At  last  victory 
crowned  the  efforts  of  the  town  people,  and  the  county 
was  left  alone  to  conduct  its  own  improvements. 

Having  been  victorious  in  this  fight,  Lynchburg 
turned  its  attention  to  the  absorbing  topic  of  the  day. 
The  Cadmus  arrived  at  New  York  from  Havre,  August 
16,  1824,  having  on  board,  and  in  good  health,  that 
distinguished  French-American,  General  Lafayette. 
The  whole  country  arose  to  do  him  honor,  and  cities 
vied  with  each  other  in  giving  him  a  magnificent  en- 
tertainment. Whenever  he  appeared  in  public  the 
enthusiasm  was  unbounded,  and  such  was  the  effect 
upon  some  that  when  they  touched  his  hand  they  fainted. 
Virginia  was  to  be  honored  by  a  visit  from  the  General, 
and  Lynchburg  coveted  the  honor  of  holding  within 
its  borders,  even  a  short  while,  this  champion  of  liberty 
and  friend  of  America.  To  arrange  for  this,  a  meeting 
of  the  citizens  was  called  for  Friday,  October  8,  at  the 
Franklin  Hotel.  Mayor  Albon  McDaniel  was  chosen 
chairman,  and  Richard  Henry  Toler  secretary.  The 
first  action  the  meeting  took  was  to  give  a  pressing  in- 
vitation to  General  Lafayette  to  visit  Lynchburg,  and 
also  to  invite  President  Monroe,  Thomas  Jefferson,  and 
James  Madison  to  be  present  on  the  occasion  of  this 
visit.     All  the  surviving  officers  and  soldiers  of  the 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  81 

Revolution  in  this  part  of  the  State  were  also  invited 
to  be  present.  The  next  action  was  an  effort  to  secure 
for  General  Lafayette,  in  view  of  his  great  service,  cer- 
tain valuable  gifts.  Our  representative  in  the  State 
legislature  was  requested  to  secure  for  him  an  appropri- 
ation of  money  from  the  State  treasury,  and  the 
congressman  from  this  district  was  instructed  to  procure 
him  a  large  grant  of  land.  Landon  Cabell,  William 
B.  Lynch,  Collin  Buckner,  and  Alexander  S.  Henry 
were  appointed  a  committee  to  wait  upon  the  distin- 
guished gentlemen  and  invite  them.  George  Whitlock, 
Samuel  Claytor,  William  Radford,  Chiswell  Dabney, 
John  G.  Meem,  Henry  Davis,  Ben.  F.  Owens,  and 
James  Leftwich,  a  committee  on  collections  and  ar- 
rangements. 

The  spring  of  1825  was  the  time  appointed  for  the 
visit,  but  it  was  put  off  until  July  or  August,  when 
General  Lafayette  would  return  to  Virginia  to  visit 
Mr.  Jefferson  at  Monticello.  July  and  August  came, 
but  no  visit.  On  September  9,  the  nation's  guest  re- 
turned to  France,  and  Lynchburg  was  denied  the 
privilege  of  showing  to  him  the  honors  it  desired. 
The  places  visited  by  General  Lafayette  during  the 
Revolution  had  been  given  precedence,  and  hence  the 
town  at  Lynch's  Ferry  had  been  passed  by. 

While  these  arrangements  were  in  progress,  another 
public  meeting  was  held  at  the  Franklin.  If  the  town 
did  not  get  what  it  wanted,  it  was  not  because  it  did 
not  ask  for  it.  A  great  national  turnpike  was  proposed 
from  Washington  to  New  Orleans,  and  this  meeting 


82  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

was  called  to  take  such  steps  as  would  result  in  having 
the  proposed  road  built  through  Lynchburg.  A  com- 
mittee was  appointed  to  represent  to  the  President  of 
the  United  States  the  advantages  of  the  route  through 
the  town.  The  matter  was  well  worked  up,  the  citizens 
taking  a  great  deal  of  interest  in  it,  but  the  turnpike, 
like  General  Lafayette,  did  not  come  this  way. 

These  were  not  the  only  movements  that  indicated 
the  progressive  spirit  of  the  inland  town.  The  Bible 
society,  a  society  to  aid  the  Jews,  a  benevolent  society, 
and  a  tract  society  were  organized,  and  in  August, 

1825,  the  colonization  society,  with  Rev.  John  Early 
president,  was  started.  The  purpose  of  this  organiza- 
tion was  to  raise  means  to  send  to  Africa  "  all  free 
people  of  color  "  who  desired  to  go,  and  all  slaves  who 
were  freed  on  that  condition.  Regular  meetings  were 
held,  a  large  amount  of  money  raised,  and,  in  connection 
with  similar  societies  in  other  places,  a  good  work  was 
done  for  the  negroes  who  desired  to  return  to  their 
original  home. 

Improvements  in  the  town  were  rapidly  going  for- 
ward. The  citizens  on  the  main  street  were  required 
to  put  a  sidewalk  in  front  of  their  property  before 
November,  1825,  or  pay  seventy-five  cents  per  foot  to 
have  it  done.  Public  scales  were  erected  back  of  the 
courthouse,  and  a  powder  magazine  was  built  near 
where  the  almshouse  now  stands.  But  a  more  impor- 
tant improvement  was  the  completion  of  a  stone  jail  in 

1826.  The  criminal  class  had  outgrown  the  log  jail, 
so  in  1824  the  common  hall  placed  twenty-two  hundred 


LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  83 

dollars  to  the  credit  of  the  Hustings  court  for  building 
a  stone  structure,  the  old  part  of  the  present  jail,  and 
again  twenty-five  hundred  dollars  to  complete  the  work. 
The  attention  of  the  people  vibrated  between  home 
interests  and  outside  aiFairs.  This  time  it  was  the 
latter.  A  public  meeting  was  again  held  at  the  Frank- 
lin. Albon  McDaniel  was  chairman,  and  R.  H.  Toler 
secretary.  The  object  of  this  meeting  was  to  render 
assistance  to  Thomas  Jefferson.  Mr.  Jefferson  had 
become  greatly  involved  in  debt  and  was  desirous  of 
paying  all  that  he  owed.  He  owned  three  places, 
Monticello,  valued  at  seventy-one  thousand  dollars, 
Shadwell  at  thirty  thousand  dollars,  and  Albemarle  at 
ten  thousand  dollars.  If  this  property  were  sold  at  auc- 
tion he  would  not  realize  the  amount  necessary  to  meet 
his  obligations ;  so  in  February  he  applied  to  the  Gen- 
eral Assembly  to  allow  him  to  dispose  of  the  three 
places  by  lottery,  Monticello  to  be  the  first  prize,  Shad- 
well  the  second,  and  Albemarle  the  third.  His  request 
was  granted,  and  the  bill  passed  February  20,  1826. 
"When  this  was  made  known  it  produced  a  profound 
sorrow  throughout  the  whole  country.  The  idea  that 
Thomas  Jefferson  must  dispose  of  his  home  and  other 
property  to  pay  his  debts,  and  that,  too,  by  lottery, 
was  appalling.  Lynchburg,  with  other  places,  came 
forward  to  lend  a  helping  hand.  The  object  of  this 
meeting  was  to  raise  money  for  his  relief.  His  great 
service  to  his  country  was  acknowledged,  and  his  dis- 
regard for  his  private  interests  when  he  could  serve  his 
country,  and  now  that  he  was  involved  in  such  pecuni- 


84  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

ary  difficulties  that  he  was  about  to  lose  his  means  of 
subsistence  and  his  home  in  order  to  satisfy  his  cred- 
itors, it  was  resolved  to  raise  a  subscription  at  once, 
and  that  no  single  subscription  should  be  over  five 
dollars.  Correspondence  was  to  be  opened  with  the 
surrounding  country,  so  as  to  give  them  an  opportunity 
also  to  contribute.  The  committee  on  subscription  was 
Fortunatus  Sydnor,  Jesse  B.  Harrison,  Samuel  Claytor, 
George  "VV.  Nelson,  David  G.  Murrell,  John  Walker, 
John  G.  Meem,  John  W.  Bagwell,  John  Victor,  T.  F. 
Bowen,  John  M.  Otey,  and  Abram  R.  North.  The 
committee  went  to  work  and  raised  a  good  amount. 
In  the  meantime,  the  lottery  tickets  were  being  sold  at 
ten  dollars  apiece,  and  the  drawing  was  to  take  place 
in  Richmond  in  October  of  this  year.  As  quite  a  large 
number  of  tickets  had  been  disposed  of,  Lynchburg 
proposed  that  all  be  taken,  and  that  on  next  4th  July 
the  property  and  the  money  both  be  given  Mr.  Jefferson 
as  a  present  from  an  admiring  and  grateful  people. 
This  was  not  carried  out,  and  on  the  day  appointed  for 
this  creditable  act  on  the  part  of  his  countrymen,  July 
4,  1826,  Thomas  Jefferson  died. 

The  whole  country  was  plunged  into  mourning. 
Lynchburg  felt  especially  bereaved,  for  Mr.  Jefferson 
often  stopped  here  in  going  to  and  from  Poplar  Forest.* 

*  When  here  on  one  occasion,  he  passed  "  Aunt"  Owen's  home,  and 
seeing  some  love  apples,  as  they  were  called,  growing  in  the  yard, 
asked  a  girl  standing  near  the  gate  why  she  did  not  eat  them.  *'  Be- 
cause they  are  poison,"  she  replied.  "Bring  nie  one,"  said  Mr.  JeflPer- 
son,  "  and  I  will  eat  it."  She  gave  him  one,  and,  to  her  great  surprise, 
he  ate  it.  This  was  the  first  time  tomatoes,  or  love  apples,  were  ever 
eaten  in  Lynchburg. 


LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  85 

He  thought  well  of  the  town,  and  once  said  :  "  It  is 
the  most  enterprising  spot  in  the  State,  and  is  most  en- 
titled to  the  general  patronage  for  its  industry,  enterprise 
and  correct  course."  Lynchburg  wanted  to  do  special 
honor  to  this  great  man's  memory,  so  the  mayor,  Albon 
McDaniel,  called  a  public  meeting  at  the  Franklin, 
July  10,  to  take  some  suitable  action  in  the  premises. 
Long  resolutions,  recalling  the  great  service  of  Mr. 
Jefferson,  were  passed,  and  July  20  was  appointed  as 
the  day  on  which  memorial  services  should  be  held. 
It  was  also  decided  that  every  citizen  wear  crape  on 
his  left  arm  for  thirty  days. 

While  preparations  were  going  on,  news  was  received 
that  John  Adams,  of  Massachusetts,  had  also  died  on 
July  4.  It  was  therefore  determined  that  a  part  of  the 
services  of  the  20th  be  in  honor  of  ex- President  Adams. 

The  day  arrived,  business  was  suspended,  and  all  the 
people  turned  out.  The  procession  was  formed  in  front 
of  St.  Paul's  church  at  10  A.  M.,  and  the  line  of  march 
was  up  Church  to  West  street  (Fifth),  thence  to  Main,  and 
down  Main  to  the  Presbyterian  church. '  The  order  was  : 

Marshals:  Major  Buckner,  Captain  D.  Rodes,  H.  S.  Langhorne, 
Esq. ,  Captains  A.  Hancock,  John  M.  Otey,  W.  W.  Norvell,  W. 
P.  Johns. 

Military. 

Orator,  supported  on  each  side  by  the  officiating  clergymen. 

Clergy  of  all  denominations. 

Eevolutionary  officers  and  soldiers. 

Jefferson  committee  of  arrangements. 

Adams  committee  of  arrangements. 

Corporate  authorities. 

Citizens  generally  in  files. 

The  long  procession  moved  slowly  through  the  crowded 


86  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

streets  towards  the  church.  The  church  was  crowded 
to  its  utmost  capacity.  The  services,  which  were  very 
simple,  began  with  singing,  all  the  congregation  uniting. 
Rev.  "VY.  S.  Reid  led  in  prayer;  then  followed  the 
reading  of  the  funeral  service  by  the  Rev.  F.  G.  Smith, 
and  an  address  on  Jefferson  and  Adams  by  Rev.  Nich- 
olas P.  Cobbs.  When  the  services  were  over  the 
crowd  slowly  and  solemnly  dispersed.  For  several 
weeks  afterward  signs  of  mourning  for  the  great  man 
were  seen,  both  in  the  papers  and  upon  the  person  of 
the  citizens. 

In  October  of  1827,  the  town  entertained  for  the 
first  time  the  Synod  of  Virginia.  Many  distinguished 
ministers  of  the  Presbyterian  church  attended,  and  their 
preaching  was  greatly  enjoyed  by  the  citizens.  The 
other  events  of  this  year  were  of  minor  importance, 
two  of  which  we  might  mention.  The  city  cemetery 
was  enclosed  with  a  brick  wall.  Late  in  the  year  a 
prospectus  was  published  for  The  Jeffersonian  Repuhli- 
can,  by  John  J.  Cabell  and  Achilles  Johnson.  The 
paper  made  its  appearance  and  continued  only  a  short 
while. 

The  year  1828  was  one  of  interest  in  the  early  his- 
tory of  Lynchburg. 

A  movement  was  made  that  was  to  be  of  great  ad- 
vantage to  the  tobacco  business.  A  large  meeting  of 
the  purchasers,  inspectors  and  other  people  interested 
in  the  tobacco  trade  of  Lynchburg,  was  held  May  10, 
at  the  Franklin  Hotel ;  John  Caskie  was  chairman. 
It  seems  that  there  was  great  confusion  in  the  course 


LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  87 

of  public  breaks*  at  the  different  warehouses.  The 
buyers  were  summoned  to  three  or  four  warehouses  at 
the  same  time,  and  they,  as  well  as  the  inspectors,  were 
greatly  inconvenienced,  while  the  planters  were  injured 
by  being  deprived  of  competition  in  bidding  for  their 
tobacco.  This  meeting  proposed  to  remedy  this,  and  to 
do  so  it  was  resolved  that  there  should  be  only  one 
public  break  a  day  at  each  warehouse ;  that  breaks 
should  begin  at  Spring  warehouse  on  Monday  of  each 
week,  at  thirty  minutes  after  ringing  the  breakfast  bell 
at  the  Franklin  Hotel,  and  proceed  as  follows :  Mar- 
tin's, Friends',  Lynch's,  Liberty's,  Planter's,  each  to 
have  successively  first  break  in  the  order  named.  No 
break  was  to  be  longer  than  one  hour  and  thirty  min- 
utes, and  if  the  inspectors  failed  to  be  ready  they  would 
have  to  postpone  their  break  until  all  the  others  were 
over.  The  inspectors  were  required  to  mark  the  initials 
of  the  planter  on  the  hogshead  and  to  number  it,  and 
no  inspector  was  allowed  to  cry  tobacco.  These  rules 
were  to  go  into  effect  Monday,  May  12,  and  were  to 
be  rigidly  enforced.  The  following  tobacconists  of  the 
town  signed  the  agreement : 

John  Caskie.  James  W.  Morgan,  M.  Langhorne,  Jr., 

J.  E.  Eoy,  George  Whitlock,  Thomas  McKinney, 

Samuel  Claytor,  M.  W.  Davenport,  Hobson  Johns, 

William  McKinney,  Moses  H.  Preston,  Pleasant  Labby, 

J.  M.  Warwick,  AVilliam  P.  Johns,  Samuel  H.  Brown, 

Ben.  E.  Scruggs,         Jesse  Hare,  Calvin  Tate, 

Thomas  Ferguson,      Charles  P.  Johnston,  John  H.  Tyree, 

David  Walker,  H.  Montgomerie,  Joseph  B.  Covington, 

William  Rutherford,  F.  F.  Bowen,  S.  D.  Wiatt, 

John  Walker,  Albon  McDaniel,  D.  G.  Murrell, 

Ammon  Hancock. 


*So  called  because  when  tobacco  was  "rolled"  to  market  the  hogs- 
heads were  broken  open  to  expose  it  for  sale. 


OO  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

The  summer  of  this  year  was  notable  for  the  exten- 
sive revivals  in  all  of  the  churches  of  Lynchburg. 
Great  harmony  prevailed,  and  the  pastors,  Rev.  A. 
Clopton  of  First  Baptist  church.  Rev.  Robert  Ryland 
of  Second  Baptist  church,  Rev.  F.  G.  Smith  of  the 
Episcopal,  Rev.  W.  A.  Smith  of  the  Methodist,  and 
Rev.  William  S.  Reid  of  Presbyterian,  worked  together, 
helping  each  other  as  far  as  possible.  Many  united 
with  the  different  churches,  and  great  activity  was 
started  in  church  work.  In  1825  there  was  a  fuss  in 
the  Fourth  street  Baptist  church,  which  resulted  in  the 
withdrawal  of  nineteen  members.  These  determined 
to  establish  a  church  of  their  own,  and  called  the  Rev. 
Robert  Ryland  to  serve  them  as  pastor.  Mr.  Ryland 
came  in  1826  and  preached  in  Masons'  Hall.  After 
the  revival  spoken  of,  it  was  determined  to  build  a 
second  Baptist  church.  A  lot  adjoining  Masons'  Hall 
was  secured,  and  on  September  20,  1828,  with  Masonic 
and  religious  ceremonies,  the  corner-stone  of  the  new 
church  was  laid.  It  was  a  frame  building  and  was 
rather  peculiarly  constructed.  Standing  where  the  Y. 
M.  C.  A.  building  now  is,  it  had  two  doors  opening  on 
Church  street.  The  pulpit  was  between  these  two 
doors,  and  the  congregation  sat  facing  it.  This  was 
done  to  enable  the  people  to  see  those  coming  in  late 
without  the  inconvenience  of  turning  their  heads. 

Thei'e  was  a  stormy  time  among  the  Methodists  also. 
A  meeting  was  held  September  18,  in  the  church, 
Christopher  Winfree,  chairman,  and  John  Victor,  sec- 
retary,   at   which  speeches  were  made   criticizing  the 


LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  89 

discipline  of  the  church.  A  preamble  and  resolutions 
were  adopted,  and  on  the  2 2d  published  in  the  Lynch- 
burg Virginian.  Whereupon  Thomas  Jones  and  Sam- 
uel Bransford  made  written  complaint  to  the  pastor^ 
Rev.  William  A.  Smith,  that  the  seed  of  discord  were- 
being  sown.  After  some  ineffectual  efforts  to  bring 
peace,  charges  were  preferred  against  some  of  the  best 
members  of  the  church  :  William  J.  Holcombe,  John 
Percival,  Christopher  Winfree,  John  Victor,  George 
Percival,  Richard  S.  Tilden,  Robert  H.  Grey,  Ed. 
Brown,  William  Bennet,  and  Dance  Rierman,  for  "  en- 
deavoring to  sow  dissension  in  the  church  by  inveighing 
against  the  discipline."  Then  followed  a  long  and 
disagreeable  church  trial,  which  resulted  in  the  above- 
named  members  and  their  families  uniting,  and  formed 
the  Reformed  Methodist  church,  afterwards  called  the 
Methodist  Protestant  church.  The  first  pastor  was 
the  Rev.  Mr.  McKane,  and  services  were  held  in 
Masons'  Hall.  On  the  10th  of  the  next  July,  the 
corner-stone  of  a  church  was  laid  on  the  lot  where  the 
present  church  stands.  Rev.  F.  G.  Smith  of  St.  Paul's 
led  in  prayer,  and  Dr.  Thomas  Holcombe  made  the 
address. 

It  was  about  this  time  that  a  temperance  society  was 
organized  by  the  Rev.  W.  A.  Smith,  which  continued 
for  a  long  time  and  did  much  good  in  fighting  the  evil 
of  intemperance. 

While  these  things  were  going  on  in  the  churches  an 
event  of  interest  took  place.  It  was  reported  that  a 
distinguished  citizen  would  be  at  New  London  Sunday, 


i\< 


90  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

n^/  September  21,  and  would  come  from  there  to  Lynch- 

burg on  bis  way  to  Washington.  The  citizens  appointed 
a  committee,  consisting  of  F.  Sydnor,  A.  McDaniel,  C. 
Anthony,  John  M.  Otey,  J.  Wills,  J.  B.  Harrison,  J. 
W.  Pegram,  E.  Fletcher,  J.  M.  Warwick,  P.  H.  Cabell, 
Thomas  A.  Holcombe,  H.  Montgomerie,  and  R.  H. 
Toler  to  arrange  for  his  reception,  and  to  invite  him  to 
a  public  dinner.  Mr.  Clay  said  he  had  decided  not  to 
accept  invitations  to  public  dinners,  but  that  he  would 
reach  Lynchburg  Monday  and  would  be  glad  to  see  all 
who  desired  to  meet  him. 
,  ^-'^^^  Monday  many  citizens  went  out  on  horseback  to 
meet  Henry  Clay  and  get  the  first  sight  of  him.  When 
they  reached  the  Quaker  meeting  house  they  saw  him 
in  his  barouche,  accompanied  by  two  young  men  who 
traveled  with  him.  The  citizens  lined  up  on  either 
side  of  the  road,  and  when  the  distinguished  visitor 
passed  between  them  they  saluted  him.  They  then 
formed  in  line  behind  him  and  escorted  him  into  town. 
When  the  procession  reached  the  top  of  the  hill  near 
the  old  "  White  House,"  which  stood  on  the  southeast 
corner  of  Wise  and  Eighth  streets,  a  salute  was  fired 
from  a  cannon  placed  near  there.  The  party  proceeded 
to  the  Franklin  Hotel,  and  there  a  great  ovation  was 
o-iven  to  Mr.  Clay.  Up  to  that  time  there  had  not 
been  such  a  display  in  Lynchburg,  not  even  when 
General  Andrew  Jackson  visited  the  town. 

In  the  evening  an  entertainment  was  given  at  the 
home  of  one  of  the  citizens,  and  next  morning  at  ten 
o'clock  Mr.  Clay  departed  for  Washington.     A  balloon 


LYNCHBUEG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  91 

was  sent  up  in  honor  of  his  departure,  and  the  whole 
town  turned  out  to  bid  him  farewell  A  large  company 
of  citizens  escorted  him  two  miles  out  of  town,  and 
when  they  halted  to  turn  back,  Mr.  Clay  arose  in  his 
carriage  and  in  a  short  speech  expressed  to  them  his 
appreciation  of  the  people's  kindness.  He  said  that  he 
knew  few  when  he  came  here,  but  that  he  had  been 
treated  as  if  he  had  been  with  old  acquaintances  and 
friends,  and  that  he  hoped  hereafter  to  cultivate  the 
acquaintances  he  had  made  in  Lynchburg,  Lynchburg 
had  been  an  enthusiastic  supporter  of  Clay  for  President 
in  a  former  election,  and  now  that  another  election  was 
on  hand  and  Mr.  Clay  was  not  a  candidate,  the  town 
stood  for  his  friend,  John  Q.  Adams,  saying  that  An- 
drew Jackson  and  John  C.  Calhoun  meant  disunion. 
The  fight  was  bitter,  Jackson  was  elected,  but  disunion 
did  not  come  then. 

The  election  being  over,  the  people  again  turned 
their  attention  to  business.  Lynchburg  was  well  situ- 
ated for  manufacturing.  Why  should  it  not  engage  in 
other  business  than  handling  and  manufacturing  to- 
bacco ?  Other  inland  towns  had  engaged  extensively 
in  manufacturing  and  had  succeeded.  Accordingly 
some  of  the  enterprising  citizens  began  the  organization 
of  the  Lynchburg  Manufacturing  Company.  In  Janu- 
ary the  General  Assembly  granted  them  a  charter,  with 
J.  J.  Cabell,  John  Schoolfield,  John  Caskie,  Ed.  Duffel, 
"William  Morgan,  E.  Fletcher,  Henry  Davis,  Samuel 
Garland,  John  Hollins,  and  David  G.  Murrell,  trustees. 
The  company  was  to  manufacture  cotton,  wool,  hemp 


92  LYNCHBURG    AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

and  flax.  They  proceeded  at  once  to  erect  a  mill  on 
Blackwater  creek,  near  the  site  of  the  present  union 
depot.  The  building  was  soon  completed  and  the  ma- 
chinery put  in  place.  Michael  Connell  was  employed 
to  manage  it,  and  as  soon  as  he  could  get  things  in 
order  he  began  the  manufacture  of  cotton  goods.  The 
mill  ran  for  some  years,  but,  not  being  a  success,  was 
abandoned. 

The  facilities  for  traveling  were  private  conveyances 
and  stage  lines,  one  of  the  most  notable  being  that 
operated  between  Lynchburg  and  Washington  by  Wil- 
liam Smith,  "Extra  Billy."  Nothwithstanding  the 
slow  method  of  traveling,  Lynchburg  had  a  large  num- 
ber of  visitors.  In  February  the  Virginia  conference 
of  the  Methodist  Episcopal  church  met  here.  Bishops 
Roberts  and  McKendree  were  present,  and  the  follow- 
ing May  the  conference  of  the  Associated  Methodist 
church  also  met  here.  Even  as  early  as  this,  the  place 
had  made  a  reputation  for  hospitality. 

One  of  the  most  important  events  in  the  history  of 
the  town  took  place  in  July  of  this  year.  Mention  has 
already  been  made  of  the  committee  appointed  in  1822 
to  devise  means  for  bringing  water  into  the  town. 
They  do  not  seem  to  have  made  any  report ;  at  any  rate, 
a  new  committee  was  appointed  November  25,  1825, 
consisting  of  D.  G.  Murrell,  liev.  John  Early,  Ammon 
Hancock,  and  John  Thurman,  president  of  the  council. 
This  committee,  like  the  first,  seemed  unable  to  solve 
the  great  problem,  so  another  Avas  appointed,  with  John 
"Victor  as  chairman.     He  worked  faithfully  to  make  a 


liYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  93 

plan  for  furnishing  the  town  with  water,  and  to  this 
man  Lynchburg  is  indebted  for  the  excellent  water 
works  it  has  had  so  long.  At  his  own  expense  first,  he 
brought  a  civil  engineer,  Albert  Stein,  here  from  Penn- 
sylvania to  make  the  estimates  and  draw  a  plan  for  the 
proposed  works.  The  plan  was  recommended  to  the 
council  February  5,  1827.  It  was  to  dam  Little  river, 
put  a  forcing  pump  at  the  foot  of  Seventh  street,  and 
build  a  reservoir  on  Clay  street  with  a  capacity  of  six 
hundred  thousand  gallons  of  water.  The  pump  was 
to  throw  into  the  reservoir  three  or  four  thousand 
gallons  of  water  in  twenty-four  hours.  The  water 
was  to  be  conducted  from  the  reservoir  through 
Second  and  Third  streets  in  iron  pipes,  and  through 
Fourth  street  in  wooden  pipes.  To  do  this  it  would 
be  necessary  for  the  town  to  borrow  forty  thousand 
dollars. 

The  proposition  was  a  bold  one,  and  was  not  heartily 
received.  Some  laughed  at  the  idea  of  a  town  the  size 
of  Lynchburg  attempting  to  build  a  plant  like  the  one 
proposed,  others  said  it  was  impracticable  to  raise  water 
to  such  a  height,  two  hundred  and  fifty  feet,  and,  be- 
sides, it  was  too  much  money  to  spend.  For  months 
it  was  the  general  topic  of  conversation,  and  nearly 
every  paper  had  columns  discussing  the  question.  On 
June  29,  the  ordinance  was  passed.  John  Thurman 
was  president  of  the  council,  and  D.  Rodes,  clerk. 
John  Victor,  David  G.  Murrell,  E.  Fletcher,  John 
Thurman,  Albon  McDaniel,  Samuel  Claytor,  F.  Sydnor 
and  John  G.  Meem  were  appointed  a  committee  to 


94  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

borrow  fifty  thousand  dollars.  The  money  was  bor- 
rowed from  John  D.  Murrell  and  preparations  were 
made  to  begin  the  work  at  once.  "  Black's  lot,"  corner 
of  Clay  and  Seventh  streets,  which  was  used  as  a  circus 
ground  and  a  place  for  sending  up  balloons,  was  bought 
for  the  reservoir  from  Rev.  John  Early  for  two  thous- 
and dollars,  and  the  land  for  the  pump-house  and  canal 
from  William  L.  Cabell  for  one  thousand,  seven  hun- 
dred and  fifty  dollars. 

The  work  was  begun,  and  Saturday,  August  23, 1828, 
was  appointed  as  the  time  for  laying  the  corner-stone 
of  the  pump-house.  The  event  was  one  of  importance 
and  was  to  be  celebrated  with  much  display.  At  nine 
o'clock  in  the  morning  a  long  procession  formed  in 
front  of  the  Presbyterian  church  and  marched  up  Main 
to  Seventh  street,  and  down  Seventh  to  the  river. 
The  order  was  :  The  military,  the  reverend  clergy,  the 
engineer,  the  common  council  preceded  by  the  watering 
committee,  Judge  William  Daniel  of  the  General  Court, 
Chancellor  Taylor  of  the  Chancery  Court,  Mayor  Mc- 
Daniel,  recorder  and  aldermen,  Masonic  fraternity  and 
citizens  on  foot.  The  marshals  were  Major  J.  B. 
Risque,  Colonel  M.  Langhorne,  Captains  R.  R.  Phelps, 
Samuel  J.  Wiatt  and  H.  M.  Gilliam. 

When  the  place  was  reached,  the  Lynchburg  Artil- 
lery and  the  Rifles  formed  a  square,  within  which  were 
the  Masons  and  public  officers.  The  ceremonies,  which 
were  impressive,  began  with  prayer  by  Rev.  W.  S.  Reid, 
then  followed  music,  then  another  prayer  by  Rev.  F.  G. 
Smith,  and  the  Masons  proceeded  to  lay  the  corner- 


LYNCHBUEG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.         95 

stone.     On  the  stone  was  a  large  copper  plate  upon 
which  was  this  inscription  : 

"this  stone, 

The  foundation  of  a  work  executed  by  order  of  Common  Council 

of  Lynchburg  for  supplying  the  town  with  water, 

was  laid  under  the  direction  of 

John  Victor,  Jno.  Thurman,  John  Early,  David  G.  Murrell 

and  Sam'l  Clay  tor 

by  the 

Et.   Worshipful  Harrison  S.  White,  D.   D.  G.  Master,  and  the 

Worshipful  Maurice  H.  Garland,  Master  of  Marshall  Lodge, 

No.  39,  of  Free  and  Accepted  Masons, 

On  23rd  Aug.,   A.  L.  5828,  A.  D.   1828, 

In  presence  of  the  Mayor,   Kecorder,   Aldermen  and  Common 

Councilmen  of  said  town,   members  of  said  Lodge,   the 

Artillery  and  Rifle  Co.'s  commanded  by  Capts. 

J.  E.  Norvell  and  Jos.  W.  Pegram,  and 

numerous  citizens. 

Albon  McDaniel,  Mayor, 

Jno.  Thurman,  Pres.  Council, 

Albert  Stein,  Eng." 

The  exercises  were  closed  with  a  speech  from  John 
Victor.  He  told  of  the  different  efforts  to  supply  the 
town  with  water,  and  then  explained  the  present  move- 
ment, describing  the  dam,  canal,  pump,  and  all  other 
parts  of  the  work.  He  said  the  pump-house  was  to 
be  fifty-four  by  thirty -two  feet,  the  water-wheel  of  wood 
and  iron,  with  shaft  and  socket ;  the  pump-barrel  nine 
inches  in  diameter,  and  the  capacity  was  to  be  two  hun- 
dred and  fifty  thousand  gallons  in  twenty-four  hours. 
The  ascending  main  was  to  be  seven  inches,  the  main 
from  the  reservoir  eight  inches,  and  the  pipes  in  the 
streets  and  alleys  three   or  four  inches.     The  crowd 


96  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

listened  attentively  and  applauded  when  the  speech  was 
over,  but  there  was  still  much  misgiving  in  the  hearts 
of  a  large  number  of  people. 

The  work  went  steadily  forward.  Many  came  to 
look  on,  and  the  opponents  said  it  was  doomed  to  fail- 
ure— nothing  could  come  of  it.  They  were  bitter  in 
their  demmciation  of  the  men  who  had  involved  the 
town  in  debt,  when  no  good  could  be  realized. 

At  length  the  work  was  completed,  and  Saturday, 
July  18,  1829,  was  appointed  the  day  for  the  trial  of 
the  machinery.  The  whole  town  was  in  a  high  state 
of  excitement.  Some  friends  went  to  John  Victor  and 
Rev.  John  Early  and  advised  them  to  leave  town  on 
that  day,  for  there  was  a  plan  on  foot  to  hang  them  if 
the  project  failed.  They  replied,  "  The  water  will  run 
if  the  principles  of  science  are  true,  and  if  not  we  are 
not  afraid  of  the  hanging."  Saturday  evening  a  large 
crowd  gathered  at  the  reservoir,  and  the  pump  was 
started.  Great  was  the  suspense  as  they  waited  in  al- 
most breathless  stillness  to  see  if  the  water  would  run. 
George  Thurman,  a  small  boy,  was  let  down  into  the 
pipe  to  see  if  the  water  was  coming.  He  said  he 
could  hear  only  a  roaring.  Again  he  was  let  down 
and  drawn  up.  This  time  he  reported,  dust  and  a  cur- 
rent of  air.  The  friends  of  the  movement  looked  sad ; 
they  thought  some  error  had  been  made  in  the  con- 
struction and  the  people  would  be  disappointed.  The 
third  time  the  boy  was  let  down,  but  before  he  had 
gotten  far  he  cried  :  "  Here  she  is  ;  draw  me  up  quick." 
He  was  quickly  drawn  up,  and  before  he  had  gotten 


LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  97 

well  out  of  the  way  the  water  bulged  out.  A  long 
and  loud  shout  went  up  from  the  crowd,  and  John 
Victor,  John  Early  and  the  rest  of  the  watering  com- 
mittee were  the  heroes  of  the  hour,  and  it  is  said  that 
many  of  the  citizens  got  drunk  drinking  the  health  of 
each  other  with  James  river  water.  At  the  height 
of  the  excitement  some  one  called  out,  "  Get  a  barrel 
of  whisky,"  and,  before  the  officials  were  aware  of  it, 
a  barrel  was  brought,  and  was  not  poured  out  as  a  liba- 
tion, but  was  drunk  by  some  in  the  crowd.  From  that 
day  to  this  the  town  has  been  abundantly  supplied  with 
water,  and  the  city  should  acknowledge  her  debt  of 
gratitude  to  the  men  whose  labor  and  genius  devised 
and  completed  this  valuable  public  work. 

The  water-works  excitement  had  scarcely  subsided 
before  another  as  great  and  more  romantic  was  started. 
A  family  named  Barnes  had  moved  to  town  from  New 
York,  and  had  opened  a  store  on  the  southeastern  cor- 
ner of  Main  and  Sixth  streets,  in  a  two-story  frame 
house,  with  its  gable  end  fronting  Main  street. 

They  put  on  a  great  deal  of  style,  and  frequently  the 
whole  family  would  pose  in  front  of  the  store  as  a  kind 
of  advertisement.  All  of  them  appeared  rosy  and  well- 
fed  except  one  girl,  who  was  occasionally  seen  in  public, 
and  who  seemed  to  be  a  servant.  Mrs.  Barnes  com- 
plained of  the  town,  and  often  expressed  her  disgust 
for  the  negroes.  Her  white  servant,  she  said,  could 
do  more  work  in  a  day  than  a  negro  could  in  a  week, 
and  one  would  have  thought  that  she  did,  for  the 
poor  girl  looked  as  if  she  were  overworked  and  under- 


98  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

fed.  The  neighbors  began  to  make  remarks  about 
the  girl's  looks,  and  to  take  some  interest  in  her, 
when  she  suddenly  disappeared.  One  day  when  Mrs. 
Labby,  who  lived  across  the  street,  was  looking  out  of 
her  window  she  saw  a  sight  that  horrified  her.  Ann 
Hmdershot,  the  poor  child,  was  tied  to  a  bed-post  in 
the  garret  of  the  Barnes  house,  with  lier  hands  clasped 
in  the  attitude  of  prayer,  while  Mrs.  Barnes  ^vas  beating 
her  with  a  stick.  When  she  had  finished  beating  her 
she  threw  over  her  a  shovel  of  hot  embers.  The  girl 
uttered  a  feeble  cry  and  fainted.  Mrs.  Labby  hastened 
to  the  factory  to  tell  her  husband,  and  he  immediately 
procured  a  warrant  for  Barnes  and  his  wife.  Captain 
Labby  and  the  officer  proceeded  at  once  to  the  house, 
and  were  refused  admission.  They  insisted  upon  going 
in  and  went  to  the  attic,  where  they  found  the  child  in 
a  fainting  condition,  half-starved  and  burned,  and 
beaten  until  she  Avas  almost  insensible.  Christopher 
Anthony  was  sent  for,  and  several  physicians.  The 
physicians  treated  the  child,  and  she  was  taken  to  a 
Mr.  Jones,'  opposite  Major  J.  B.  Risque's,  afterwards 
to  Lindsey  Shoemaker's. 

The  news  of  the  affair  spread  through  town  like 
wildfire,  and  threats  of  tar  and  feathers,  and  lynching, 
were  freely  indulged  in.  Hundreds  came  to  see  the 
cliild  and  hear  her  tale  of  sorrow.  She  told  how  she 
had  been  put  into  a  box,  shut  up  in  the  baker,  hung  up 
by  her  thumbs,  and  in  many  other  ways  cruelly  treated. 
Barnes  was  arrested  and  put  in  jail,  lest  he  be  summarily 
dealt  with.     He  claimed  that  the  child  had  been  bound 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.         99 

to  him  by  her  parents  in  Buffalo,  New  York,  and  that 
he  and  his  wife  had  only  punished  her  for  disobedience. 
A  subscription  was  taken  up  for  the  girl,  and  some 
suggested  sending  her  back  home.  In  the  meantime, 
a  gentleman  remembered  that  he  had  seen  in  a  New 
York  paper  an  advertisement  by  a  Mrs.  Allen,  calling 
upon  all  humane  people  to  assist  her  in  finding  her  lost 
child  Susan,  who  had  been  kidnapped  on  the  streets  of 
New  York.  When  questioned,  the  child  said  she  had 
an  indistinct  recollection  of  having  been  called  Susan. 
After  some  corrrespondence,  Mrs.  Allen  was  sent  for, 
and  on  August  15, 1829,  arrived  here.  The  people  were 
prepared  to  witness  a  touching  scene  when  mother  and 
child  met,  but  they  were  disappomted.  When  Mrs. 
Allen  came  where  Ann  was  she  coldly  looked  upon  the 
girl  and  said  she  was  older  than  her  child  and  quite 
different  in  appearance.  Later  she  learned  that  a  good 
sum  of  money  had  been  raised  for  the  girl,  and  one  day, 
where  many  could  see  her,  she  threw  her  arms  about 
the  child  and  exclaimed  :  "  Susan  Allen,  my  long-lost, 
vainly-sought,  dearly-loved  child,  embrace  your  mother, 
for  the  voice  of  nature  in  my  heart  assures  me  that  that 
is  your  sacred  relationship  to  me  ! " 

Many  pieces  appeared  in  the  papers  on  the  subject. 
Francis  Barnes  attempted  to  reply  and  explain  his  po- 
sition, but  the  people  would  not  hear  him.  He  published 
a  letter  in  the  Neio  York  Courier,  telling  of  how  badly 
he  had  been  treated  in  Lynchburg,  to  which  the  papers 
here  promptly  replied.  He  was  released  on  bail  and 
soon  left  the  place. 

t.«rc. 


100  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

The  recognition  of  mother  and  child  greatly  pleased 
the  people,  and  they  showed  them  every  attention. 
They  remained  in  Lynchburg  until  the  spring  of  1830, 
and  left  in  great  style  for  New  York.  Free  trans- 
portation was  secured  for  them,  and  when  they  de- 
j^arted,  in  a  boat  that  was  going  towards  Lexington  to 
explore  the  route  of  the  James  River  and  Kanawha 
canal,  the  Mayor,  with  a  band  of  music  and  many 
citizens,  accompanied  them  a  mile  up  the  river.  On 
leaving,  three  cheers  were  given  to  speed  the  parting 
guests,  and  the  escort  returned  to  Lynchburg. 

The  sequel  of  the  story  was  as  sad  as  the  beginning. 
Mrs.  Allen  and  her  daughter  arrived  in  New  York. 
After  a  short  time  the  woman  spent  all  of  the  girl's 
money,  and  suddenly  discovered  that  she  was  mistaken, 
it  was  not  her  child.  Poor  Ann  Hindershot  was  again 
turned  adrift,  and  what  became  of  her  no  one  knows. 
Better  would  it  have  been  if  she  had  remained  in  the 
care  of  some  kind  family  of  Lynchburg. 

The  last  event  of  this  period  that  claims  our  notice 
is  the  death  of  a  useful  citizen.  Rev.  William  P.  Mar- 
tin, a  Methodist  local  preacher  and  a  man  of  great 
peculiarities  and  wide  influence,  died  October  30.  He 
and  his  wife,  Elizabeth,  a  niece  of  Edmund  Pendle- 
ton, were  everywhere  noted  for  their  zeal  and  piety. 
"Aunt  Martin,"  as  she  was  called,  was  looked  upon  as 
the  guardian  angel  of  the  town.  The  sick  always 
wanted  her  near,  and  the  dying  claimed  her  presence 
and  her  prayers. 


CHAPTER  VI.  rifli)-!^"^^] 

The  period  embraced  in  the  last  chapter  was  one  ot 
town  improvements ;  the  present  period  is  notable  be- 
cause or  great  public  works.  The  town  was  fortunate 
in  having  many  public-spirited  citizens,  who  eagerly- 
desired  to  see  Lynchburg  one  of  the  principal  cities  of 
the  State,  and  who  were  willing  to  exert  themselves  and 
to  use  their  fortunes  for  the  accomplishment  of  this  pur- 
pose. To  make  Lynchburg  a  place  of  any  importance, 
a  better  connection  must  be  established  between  it  and 
other  places.  We  shall  find,  therefore,  that  little  atten- 
tion was  paid  to  municipal  affairs  until  State  works, 
such  as  roads  and  canals,  were  established. 

What  the  town  was  at  the  beginning  of  this  decade 
we  may  learn  from  a  description  given  by  a  visitor  here 
in  January  of  this  year,  Mrs.  Ann  Royall.  Her  prin- 
cipal business  seems  to  have  been  to  travel  over  the 
country  and  write  her  impressions  of  places  and  people 
in  what  she  called  her  "Black  Book."  Then  great 
liberty  was  allowed  in  the  use  of  names  of  private  or 
public  citizens,  and  she  used  it,  for  when  people  displeased 
her,  she  wrote  about  them  with  a  caustic  pen,  so  much  so 
that  one  paper  spoke  of  her  as  a  "  scold  "  and  another 
as  a  "  comical  old  wiseacre."  She  had  a  special  hatred 
for  the  clergy.  What  she  had  to  say  of  some  of  our 
early  citizens  we  shall  not  quote,  but  her  general  descrip- 
tion of  the  town  is  well  worth  the  space  it  will  occupy  : 


102  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

"It  was  not  more  than  half -past  eight  o'clock  when  we  arrived  in 
Lynchbui-g,  and,  upon  inquiry,  I  found  that  I  was  to  pass  the  book- 
store of  Colonel  North,  my  agent.     I  was  anxious  to  see  him,  and 

requested  the  driver  to  stop  at  the  door After  this  we 

drove  on  to  the  tavern,  after  throwing  out  the  mail  at  the  postoffice. 
AVhen  I  was  taken  ofi"  the  stage  I  Avas  shown  up  to  the  parlor,  where 
a  young  man  in  a  brown  frock  coat  followed  me  in.  I  took  the 
young  man  to  be  the  barkeeper  of  the  tavern;  he  was  all  attention, 
and  I  felt  myself  in  a  paradise — the  gentleman  watching  over  me 
with  studied  care.  And  whom  think  you  was  the  gentleman  ?  Not 
the  barkeeper,  but  Friday  himself,  Captain  Phelps. 

"Daylight  disclosed  to  me  one  of  the  richest  pictures  of  scenery 
and  activity  doubtless  to  be  found  in  Virginia.  In  point  of  scenery 
it  is  far  beyond  Eichmond,  and  very  little  behind  it  in  business.  I 
had  understood  it  was  a  place  of  considerable  business,  but  of  all  the 
travels  and  other  notices  of  this  part  of  Virginia  I  never  heard  a 
word  on  the  beauty  of  the  scenery,  the  most  rich  and  varied,  within 
the  same  bounds,  of  which  any  to\vn  in  the  Union  can  boast. 

' '  Lynchburg  is  situated  on  the  James  river.  The  land  on  which 
it  stands  ascends  from  the  water's  edge,  at  first  gradual,  then  more 
abrupt,  and  finally  termmates  on  an  elevated  plane  or  table-land. 
From  this  summit  you  have  a  view  unequalled  either  for  grandeur 
or  beauty.  A  smooth,  broad  river  rolls  at  your  feet,  and  again  the 
opposite  shore  presents  an  abrupt,  high  bluff,  with  huge  rocks  of 
terrific  wildness,  and  terminates  in  smooth,  conic  hills,  beyond  which 
are  seen  farms  and  houses.  Again,  the  wildest  hills  and  ledges  of 
rocks  run  up  the  river's  edge,  and  beyond  all  the  Blue  Ridge! 
The  banks  of  the  river  are  lined  with  towering  trees — the  enormous 
sycamores  with  their  outstretched  branches.  To  this  we  may  add 
freight  boats,  the  skimming  wild  duck,  farms  and  pleasure  grounds, 
falling  gardens,  rolling  carts,  rattling  stages,  thundering  wagons  and 
a  busy  multitude;  the  long  warehouses,  the  gay  shops  and  elegant 
buildings  present  a  most  life-stirring  scene. 

' '  What  distinguishes  the  scenery  of  Lynchburg  from  any  I  have  met 
with  is  that  such  a  number  of  images  ai-e  drawn  within  so  narrow  a 
compass.  The  rough,  the  smooth,  tlie  sublime  and  the  beautiful  are 
thickly  mingled,  and  combines  every  catalogue  of  the  picturesque  and 
the  fanciful.  Whether  we  regard  the  boldness  of  the  figures  or  the 
variety  they  assume  from  different  points,  it  certainly  is  the  most 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 


103 


finished  picture  of  spontaneous  or  studied  beauty  to  be  met  with  per- 
haps in  the  world,  and  appeals  most  powerfully  to  the  feelings;  and 
yet  this  heavenly  spot  is  cursed  with  the  terror  of  our  land,  priest- 
craft and  missionaries!!!  But  I  will  try  to  be  patient;  one  has  no 
pleasure,  even  in  the  works  of  nature,  for  these  hideous  monsters. 
But  there  are  a  few  choice  spirits  in  L}Tichburg,  in  defiance  to 
Moloch  and  his  black  band. 

"The  ladies  of  Lynchburg,  the  few  I  saw,  are  very  handsome, 
but  spoil  themselves  by  laying  on  ten  times  as  many  curls  upon  their 
head  as  the  fashion  requires.     Mrs.  Bowen  is  a  beautiful  woman,  and 

two  of  her  sisters  are  little  behind  her These  were  the 

handsomest  females  I  met  with  in  Virginia. 

' '  The  buildings  and  business  enterprises  in  Lynchburg  are : 
Eleven  stores,  forty-one  grocery  stores,  three  auction  stores,  three 
confectionery  stores,  one  brass  foundry,  three  hat  stores,  two  Bible 
societies,  three  ropewalks,  six  tailor  shops,  three  chair  factories,  three 
cabinet  warehouses,  two  printing  offices  (each  a  semi-weekly  paper), 
eighteen  dry  goods  stores,  three  apothecary  stores,  five  millinery 
stores,  three  tin  and  coppersmith  shops,  three  shoe  stores,  two  book 
stores,  one  tract  society,  five  saddler  shops,  seven  shoemaker  shops,  three 
coachmaker  shops,  one  gunsmith  shop,  two  banks,  one  Presbyterian 
church,  two  Baptist  churches,  two  Methodist  churches  (one  Reformed 
Methodist  church),  one  Episcopal  church  (a  fine  building,  and  has 
a  large  organ),  one  Masonic  hall,  a  courthouse  and  a  large  bell,  a 
stone  jail  (supposed  to  be  the  best  in  Virginia,  and  equal  to  any  in 
the  United  States),  fifteen  lawyers  and  eighteen  physicians;  seven 
tobacco  warehouses,  which  inspect  annually  from  15,000  to  18,000  hogs- 
heads, each  1,500  pounds.  This  is  the  largest  tobacco  inspection  in 
the  United  States.  They  export  annually  from  25,000  to  30,000 
barrels  of  flour.  There  are  about  500  batteaux  employed  between 
this  and  Richmond,  which  keep  about  1,500  hands  employed.  There 
are  two  large  manufacturing  mills.  The  Messrs.  Langhorne  are 
about  erecting  one  on  a  much  larger  scale  than  any  in  the  upper 
country;  they  purchased  their  water  power  of  the  corporation  (taken 
from  the  water- works  canal).  It  owns,  besides,  one  carding  ma- 
chine, one  powder  magazine,  and  one  toll  bridge  across  James  river 
( 225  yards  wide) .  There  are  fifteen  tobacco  manufactories,  which 
employ  from  400  to  500  hands. 

"The  merchants  of  LjTichburg  purchase  10,000  head  of  hogs, 


104  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

principally  drove  from  States  of  Kentucky  and  Ohio.  Lynchburg 
is  most  happily  blessed  by  nature.  Much  as  I  have  traveled,  and 
retouched  again  and  again,  the  fine  scenery  of  the  Hudson  river,  the 
Catskill  of  New  York,  and  the  White  Mountains  of  New  Hamp- 
shire, which  last  is  more  sublime,  yet  must  yield  in  the  beautiful,  the 
wild  and  the  romantic  to  the  scenery  of  LjTichburg,  and,  to  crown  the 
whole,  the  Peaks  of  Otter  (which  are  in  Bedford  county)  are  seen  to 
rise  in  sharp,  blue  points,  almost  perpendicular,  4,000  feet.  They  are 
the  most  elevated  heights  in  the  United  States  southwest  of  the 
Catskill  Mountains.  On  the  noi-th  side  of  the  town  there  is  a  beau- 
tiful view  of  the  Tobacco  Kow  Mountains.  In  short,  those  azure 
heights  and  sinking  vales,  the  frowning  rocks  and  fruitful  fields,  the 
flowing  river,  the  lofty  trees,  the  subtle  gardens  and  the  magic 
streets,  carry  the  mind  away  with  pleasure;  and  yet  this  garden  spot 
of  Virginia  has  remained  in  obscurity,  unnoticed  and  unsung.  I 
hope  some  traveler,  allured  by  its  beauty,  may  chance  to  stray  this 
way  and  finish  the  picture  my  feeble  hand  has  vainly  attempted  to 
sketch. 

"There  is  a  good  turnpike  road  from  this  to  Salem,  Va.  But  the 
water-works  is  the  pride  of  Lynchburg,  and,  I  may  say,  honorable 
to  the  State;  and,  though  the  ground  was  covered  with  snow,  I 
spent  most  of  my  time  riding  through  the  town  and  no  small  share 
of  it  viewing  the  water-works." 

The  visit  of  a  person  like  Mrs.  Royall  was  not 
without  its  effect  upon  the  town;  some  derived  great 
amusement,  while  others  were  much  incensed  and  felt 
that  she  ought  to  be  quietly  ignored.  This  sensation, 
however,  soon  passed  away,  and  others  took  its  place. 

The  Methodists  and  Baptists  had  had  their  time 
with  discord  in  the  church,  which  had  resulted  in  the 
formation  of  new  churches.  Now  the  Presbyterians 
were  to  pass  through  the  same  experience.  Two  parties 
had  already  been  formed,  the  Old  School  and  the  New 
School  Presbyterians,  and  hard  feeling  had  been  engen- 
dered by  the  discussion  of  the  doctrines  of  each  school. 


LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  105 

The  New  School  people  concluded  to  withdraw  and  es- 
tablish a  church  of  their  own.  Notice  was  accordingly 
given  that  the  organization  of  the  Second  Presbyterian 
church  would  take  place  in  the  Sunday-school  room  of 
the  Associated  Methodist  church,  May  19,  1830,  be- 
ginning with  divine  service  at  11a.  m.  The  church 
was  organized  with  John  M.  Gordon,  John  Caskie, 
Thomas  A.  Holcombe,  James  Warwick,  Charles  B. 
"Williams  and  John  R.  D.  Payne,  elders,  and  Rev. 
James  Mitchell  and  Isaac  Cochran  a  committee  to 
secure  a  stated  supply.  The  Rev.  Daniel  L.  Russell 
served  the  church  until  December  of  this  year,  and  then 
the  Rev.  Jacob  D.  Mitchell  took  charge.  Masons' 
Hall  was  first  used  for  services,  then  for  two  years  a 
storehouse  on  Main  street,  near  Eleventh,  was  used. 
Afterwards  a  lot  was  secured  on  Main  street,  between 
Sixth  and  Seventh,  and  a  neat  frame  church  was  built. 
Later  this  was  used  by  Folkes  &  Winston  as  a  furniture 
store,  and  was  called  "  the  sacred  furniture  shop." 

At  this  time  the  4th  of  July  Avas  celebrated  with 
great  earnestness  and  joy.  Business  was  suspended 
and  all  the  people  turned  out.  The  military  companies, 
the  Sunday-school  children,  the  town  officers  and  citizens 
marched  to  the  Methodist  church,  where  appropriate 
exercises  were  conducted.  Patriotic  songs  were  sung,, 
the  Declaration  of  Independence  was  read,  and  an  ad- 
dress was  delivered  on  "  The  Blessings  of  Liberty."' 
From  here  the  companies  marched  to  Richardson'^ 
Springs,  a  favorite  watering-place,  and  there  under  the 
big  oaks  they  celebrated  the  day,  feasting  and  drinking 


106  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

toasts  to   the  heroes  of  the  Revolution   in  sparkling 
spring  water,  we  presume. 

Closely  following  this  celebration,  there  was  on  July 
15,  at  one  of  the  warehouses,  a  dinner  given  to  Hon. 
Philip  P.  Barbour.  Among  those  present  was  General 
J.  H.  Cocke,  a  Lynchburger  of  much  distinction,  and 
a  soldier  of  two  wars.  There  were  several  brilliant 
political  speeches,  and  among  them  that  of  Mr.  Bar- 
bour. When  he  finished  the  crowd  called  for  him 
again.  He  ascended  the  platform,  or  rather,  hogshead, 
for  from  here  were  the  speeches  delivered,  and  began 
to  address  the  crowd  again,  when  the  head  broke  through 
and  the  speaker  fell  to  the  floor.  Mr.  Barbour  was  so 
chagrined  that  he  quietly  sat  on  the  floor  until  the 
crowd  dispersed,  and  when  his  friends  lifted  the  hogs- 
head from  him,  he  retired  to  his  hotel. 

The  carnival  of  death  was  held  Thursday,  August 
19.  J.  M.  Jones  killed  George  Hamilton  on  a  boat 
here  in  1828.  The  case  created  a  great  deal  of  excite- 
ment. Two  hundred  persons  were  challenged  before  a 
jury  could  be  gotten.  The  trial  took  place  before 
Judge  William  Daniel.  There  was  an  array  of  legal 
talent ;  Sterling  Claiborne  opened  for  the  prosecution, 
and  James  Garland,  Chiswell  Dabney  and  Major  J.  B. 
Risque  spoke  for  the  defence,  and  Christopher  Anthony 
concluded  for  the  Commonwealth.  The  jury  brought 
in  the  verdict  of  guilty,  and  he  was  sentenced  to  be 
hanged.  The  prisoner  was  once  reprieved,  but  on  this 
day  he  was  to  pay  the  extreme  penalty  of  the  law. 
The  case  had  attracted  attention   throughout  all   this 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        107 

section  of  the  State,  and  many  determined  to  witness 
the  execution.  The  day  of  doom  had  scarcely  dawned 
when  the  people  began  to  pour  into  the  town,  some  in 
buggies,  some  in  wagons,  some  in  ox-carts,  others  on 
horseback,  and  hundreds  a-foot.  It  looked  like  a  circus 
day ;  the  women  had  on  their  best  gowns  and  their 
meeting-going  bonnets,  the  men  were  dressed  in  their 
Sunday  clothes,  best  hats  and  new  shoes.  Business 
was  almost  at  a  standstill,  for  it  seemed  that  the 
town  and  the  country  had  turned  out  to  the  carnival  of 
death.  The  crowd  was  estimated  at  fifteen  thousand. 
Boys  were  running  and  whistling,  women  were  smiling, 
and  men  were  laughing  and  chatting ;  all  seemed  to  be 
in  a  good  mood  except  one. 

At  twelve  o'clock  the  jail  opened  and  out  walked  a 
pale,  sad-looking  man  between  two  guards.  They 
mounted  the  wagon  standing  at  the  jail  door  and  the 
prisoner  sat  upon  the  plain  pine  coffin  that  was  in  it. 
Then  came  the  Artillery,  the  Rifles,  the  reverend  clergy, 
and  a  larse  number  of  citizens.  The  line  of  march  was 
up  Clay  to  Fifth,  thence  to  the  Methodist  graveyard, 
and  down  the  hill  near  Tate's  old  mill.  The  hillsides 
were  black  with  people  eager  to  witness  the  execution. 
When  the  gallows  was  reached  the  ghastly  exercises 
were  opened  with  singing ;  then  Rev.  E.  L.  Russell,  of 
the  Second  Presbyterian  church,  led  in  prayer ;  Rev. 
Charles  Calloway,  of  the  Methodist  Episcopal  church, 
preached  an  appropriate  sermon,  and  was  followed  by 
Rev.  William  Holcombe,  of  the  Associated  Methodist 
church,  who  made  a  feeling  address.     It  was  after  three 


108  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

o'clock  before  this  part  of  the  arrangements  was  over ; 
then  came  the  awful,  final  scene.  The  doomed  man 
made  a  short  talk,  the  cap  was  fixed,  and  the  trap 
sprung.  Horror  of  horrors  !  the  rope  broke,  and  he  had 
to  be  hanged  again.  He  remained  hanging  for  nearly 
an  hour  in  full  view  of  the  great  crowd.  At  length  he 
was  taken  down  and  carried  into  the  old  mill.  Some 
say  an  autopsy  was  performed  ;  however,  the  negroes 
who  lived  near  there  said  that  every  night  after  that  a 
light  appeared  in  the  mill,  and  the  windows  rattled, 
until  something  in  white  came  to  the  window  and  threw 
a  man's  skin  into  the  pond.  The  haunted  mill  was  an 
object  of  terror  to  them  after  dark. 

What  an  awful  effect  a  public  execution  of  this  kind 
must  have  had  upon  the  people.  Surely  the  present 
generation  is  wiser  that  the  fathers,  in  having  all  execu- 
tions private. 

The  census  of  the  town  was  taken  this  year,  and 
showed  that  there  were — 


803 
948 
177 
208 


White  males,     ....     1,255     Male  slaves,      .     .     . 
White  females,       .     .     .     1,237     Female  slaves,  .     .     . 

Free  males  of  color,   . 

Free  females  of  color, 

Total, 2,492  Total, 2,136 

Making  a  total  population  of  four  thousand,  six  hun- 
dred and  twenty-eight. 

A  meeting  of  much  importance  was  held  at  the 
Franklin  September  9  ;  Albon  McDaniel,  chairman, 
and  R.  H.  Toler,  secretary.  The  object  of  the  meeting 
was  to  discuss  internal  improvement.     The  first  subject 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        109 

discussed  was  steamboat  navigation  on  the  James  river, 
from  Lynchburg  to  Richmond.  The  proposition  made 
to  the  legislature  some  time  before  had  not  been  forgot- 
ten. A  committee  was  appointed  to  inquire  into  the 
practicability  and  cost  of  building  locks  and  dams  in 
James  river,  so  as  to  make  it  navigable  for  steamboats 
from  Richmond  to  Lynchburg.  The  committee  re- 
ported to  a  subsequent  meeting  that  it  could  be  done  at 
a  relatively  small  cost.  Whereupon  John  G.  Meem, 
Henry  Davis,  Samuel  J.  Wiatt,  Richard  K.  Cralle,  and 
Samuel  Claytor  were  appointed  to  petition  the  General 
Assembly  to  undertake  the  work  on  behalf  of  the  State, 
or,  if  they  refused  to  do  that,  to  incorporate  a  company 
to  undertake  it. 

Another  meeting  was  held  in  November  for  the  pur- 
pose of  further  discussing  this  subject  of  river  naviga- 
tion, and  to  undertake  other  works.  It  was  proposed 
to  build  a  railroad  from  Lynchburg  to  New  river,  and 
connect,  by  canal,  New  river  with  Roanoke  river,  and, 
if  possible,  Roanoke  river  with  the  James.  Christopher 
Anthony,  J.  D.  Urquhart,  and  D.  G.  Murrell  were  ap- 
pointed to  draft  a  memorial  to  the  legislature  relative 
to  this  subject. 

The  Lynchburg  and  Blue  Ridge  turnpike  was  also 
proposed.  It  was  to  run  from  Lynchburg  to  the  lower 
end  of  James  River  canal  at  Maiden's  Adventure,  and 
from  thence  along  the  tow-path,  which  the  legislature 
would  widen,  on  to  Richmond  ;  west,  it  was  to  run  from 
Lynchburg  to  Covington,  Kentucky,  and  connect  with 
the  Ohio  river.      Dr.  Francis  T,  Meriweather,  John 


110  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

Thurman,  Balda  McDaniel,  and  others  were  appointed 
to  look  after  this  matter. 

There  was  pluck  and  perseverance  enough  in  the 
town ;  no  work  seemed  too  great,  and  nothing  could 
discourage  it.  The  proposition  for  river  navigation 
was  discussed  a  great  deal,  but  nothing  came  of  it  at 
this  time.  The  Lynchburg  and  Blue  Ridge  turnpike 
was  chartered  March  26,  1831,  and  the  railroad  was 
incorporated  April  5  the  same  year. 

The  entire  attention  of  the  citizens  was  turned  to  the 
Lynchburg  and  New  River  railroad.  In  May,  Henry 
Davis,  chairman,  called  a  meeting  of  the  trustees,  and 
in  July,  E.  Fletcher,  mayor,  called  a  public  meeting  to 
plan  the  work.  William  Rives  was  appointed  to  make  a 
tour  through  Southwest  Virginia  and  speak  to  the  people 
on  the  subject,  also  to  ascertain  about  the  connection  at 
Abingdon.  After  a  long  trip  he  returned  and  made  a 
favorable  report.  Saturday,  October  19,  another  pub- 
lic meeting  was  held  at  the  Second  Baptist  church,  and 
here  the  project  began  to  take  definite  form.  After 
several  stirring  speeches,  it  was  resolved  that  every 
member  of  the  meeting  pledge  himself  to  subscribe 
liberally  to  the  stock  of  the  Lynchburg  and  New  River 
road  on  the  next  Tuesday,  when  the  subscription  books 
were  opened,  and  that  the  council  be  requested  to  sub- 
scribe to  one  thousand  shares  on  behalf  of  the  town. 
When  the  appointed  day  arrived  a  great  demonstration 
was  made ;  a  large  number  of  citizens  having  flags,  and, 
headed  by  a  band  of  music,  marched  to  the  Franklin 
hotel  and  took  nine  hundred  shares,  and  before  the 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        Ill 

books  closed  in  the  evening  sixteen  hundred  were 
taken.  A  few  days  afterward  an  election  was  held, 
and  the  freeholders  of  the  town  decided  by  a  vote  of 
one-hundred  and  thirty-four  to  thirty-one  to  subscribe 
to  one  thousand  shares  for  the  town.  In  this  first  at- 
tempt to  build  a  road  the  town  and  the  citizens  in  a 
short  while  subscribed  to  three  thousand  and  sixty 
shares  of  stock.  Nearly  all  was  taken,  except  two- 
fifths  that  it  was  hoped  the  State  would  take.  The 
road  now  seemed  assured,  and  on  January  9,  1832,  the 
company  was  organized,  with  Henry  Davis  president, 
at  a  salary  of  fifteen  hundred  dollars  a  year,  and  Mon- 
cure  Robertson  chief  engineer.  The  enterprise,  how- 
ever, was  not  so  secure  as  the  citizens  thought,  for  the 
legislature  refused  to  subscribe  to  two-fifths  of  the  stock 
on  behalf  of  the  State,  and  on  March  16,  1832,  incor- 
porated the  James  River  and  Kanawha  Canal  Company. 
This  killed  the  railroad,  and  on  May  28  the  enterprise 
was  dropped.  The  efibrts  were  not  in  vain,  however, 
for  the  road  had  been  brought  to  the  attention  of  the 
people,  and  this  would  some  day  work  out  good  for  the 

tOWTl. 

In  April  of  this  year,  a  terrible  epidemic  of  scarlet 
fever  broke  out  in  town,  and  many  died  from  it, 
especially  children.  This  was  scarcely  over  when,  in 
July,  the  place  was  threatened  with  a  worse  disease. 
The  reports  came  from  New  York  that  Asiatic  cholera 
was  raging  there,  and  every  day  hundreds  died  with  it. 
It  had  already  reached  Richmond  and  Norfolk,  and 
they  too  reported  a  good  many  deaths.     Lynchburg 


112  LYNCHBUEG   AND    IIS    PEOPLE. 

was  very  uneasy  for  fear  it  would  reach  here.  At  this 
time  the  first  board  of  health  was  organized,  with  S. 
H.  Davis,  president;  Moses  H.  Preston,  H.  M.  Did- 
lake,  J.  M.  Warwick  and  others.  They  went  to  work 
to  have  the  town  cleaned  up,  and  the  council  passed  an 
ordinance  prohibiting  the  sale  of  watermelons,  cucum- 
bers, whortleberries,  green  corn,  unripe  fruit,  and  all 
West  India  fruit  except  lemons  and  oranges.  Quick 
action  in  regard  to  this  proved  effective,  and  Lynch- 
burg entirely  escaped  the  cholera. 

The  commissioners  appointed  by  the  legislature 
opened  the  subscription  books  of  the  James  River 
and  Kanawha  Canal  May  21,  but  the  citizens  were 
slow  to  take  hold  of  it,  for  they  felt  that  it  had  de- 
feated the  railroad,  their  dream  of  years.  Public 
meetings  were  held  at  the  Franklin  and  the  matter 
much  discussed.  The  Farmers  Bank  was  asked  to 
take  five  hundred  thousand  dollars  of  the  stock,  but 
refused.  Subscriptions  came  in  slowly,  and  after  nearly 
a  year  but  little  progress  had  been  made  here.  In  No- 
vember, 1833,  Samuel  Bransford,  the  sergeant,  held  an 
election  to  ascertain  what  the  town  would  subscribe. 
Eighty-eight  voted  for  a  thousand  shares,  and  in  De- 
cember another  election  was  held  and  the  proposition 
for  a  thousand  shares  was  defeated,  one  hundred  and 
ten  to  ninety-six.  Times  were  hard  and  money  scarce, 
and  this  had  its  effect  upon  the  people.  Two  years 
afterward,  in  January,  1835,  another  election  was  held, 
and,  by  a  small  majority  of  freeholders,  Lynchburg 
decided  to  take  the  thousand  shares  of  stock.     Work 


* 

113 


LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

was  beo-un  near  the  town,   and    the  citizens  eagerly 
watched  to  see  what  would  come  of  the  canal. 

In   1833    there  were  two    phenomena  that  caused 
much  anxiety.     The  first  was  an  earthquake,  August 
27,  which  shook  the  town  considerably.     But  this  was 
as  nothing  compared  to  the  sight    witnessed  on  the 
morning  of  November  13.     The  first  part  of  the  night 
the  air  was  very  transparent  and  the  stars  were  exceed- 
ingly brilliant.     The  thermometer  stood  at  fifty-four 
and  the  barometer  at  twenty-three  and  four-tenths.    At 
two  o'clock  the  horizon  suddenly  became  luminous  with 
a  burning  meteoric  shower.      They  came  down  like 
snow-flakes,  and  when  within  three  or  four  feet  of  the 
ground  disappeared.     The  shower  continued  until  day- 
break, and  one  in  a  well  said  that  some  were  visible  at 
eleven  o'clock.     It  was  a  beautiful  and  awful  sight. 
It  looked  like  a  snow-storm,  with  flakes  of  fire  instead 
of  snow.     The  whole  town  was  excited.     Some  said 
the  stars  were  falling  and  that  Judgment  Day  was  at 
hand.      The  negroes   began  to    moan  and  pray,   the 
abandoned  women  rushed  to  the  Methodist  church  and 
wept  and  prayed  until  day,  and  many  covered  their 
heads  to  keep  out  the  fearful  sight.     At  the  Franklin 
a  few  citizens  were  sitting  at  a  card-table  gambling, 
when  one  looked    out   and    said,   "Doom's  Day  has 
come !"     Immediately  the  table  was  overturned,  and 
one  that  stammered  called  out  to  the  others  to  pray. 
No  one  knew  how,  so  he,  trembling  with  fear  and  stam- 
mering, attempted  to  sing : 

"Show  pity,  Lord,  O  Lord,  forgive ; 
Let  a  repenting  rebel  live." 


114  LYNCHBUEG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

None  were  able  to  take  in  the  humorous  situation  at 
the  time,  but  when  the  morning  came  it  was  greatly 
enjoyed.  Some  who  knew  what  it  was,  and  who  had 
heard  of  a  like  phenomenon  in  1802,  derived  pleasure 
from  the  magnificent  scene.  The  same  thing  was  wit- 
nessed in  Riclmaond,  New  York,  Boston  and  other 
places  about  the  same  time. 

One  trouble  passed  to  give  place  to  another.  The 
people  continued  to  talk  of  the  wonderful  sight  until  a 
new  subject  was  brought  before  them  in  April,  1834. 
The  stage  from  Richmond  brought  a  number  of  passen- 
gers, and  among  them  C.  G.  Babcock,  who  complained 
of  being  sick.  Dr.  Robert  Jennings  was  called  in  and 
pronounced  it  a  violent  case  of  small-pox.  The  patient 
was  removed  to  the  hospital,  back  of  the  Methodist 
cemetery,  and  in  a  short  while  died.  Case  after  case 
was  carried  out,  until  the  whole  town  was  alarmed.  A 
general  vaccination  was  ordered,  and  when  hot  weather 
came,  much  to  the  relief  of  the  people,  small-pox  dis- 
appeared. 

The  town  was  called  to  mourning  on  June  25, 
for  then  the  news  was  received  that  General  Lafayette 
had  died  in  Paris,  May  20.  The  Mechanics  Artillery 
fired  their  guns  from  noon  to  sunset,  the  bells  of  the 
churches  and  the  courthouse  bell  were  tolled,  and  the 
citizens  were  called  togetlier  in  a  public  meeting  by  H. 
M.  Didlake,  mayor.  It  was  resolved  to  appoint  July 
15  as  the  day  on  which  the  memory  of  this  great  man 
was  to  be  honored,  and  to  request  the  citizens  to  wear 
crape  for  thirty  days.    Bransford  Vawter,  the  president 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        115 

of  the  Patrick  Henry  debating  society,  called  that  body 
together  that  they,  too,  might  pass  suitable  resolutions. 
Lynchburg  was  denied  the  privilege  of  entertaining 
General  Lafayette  in  life ;  now  that  he  was  dead,  there 
must  be  suitable  honor  to  his  memory.  At  sunrise 
Tuesday,  the  15th,  the  artillery  fired  twenty-four  min- 
ute guns.  All  business  was  suspended,  and  at  nine 
o'clock  the  procession  began  to  form  in  front  of  Masons' 
Hall.  General  D.  Rodes  was  marshal,  assisted  by  Col- 
onel J.  R.  Holmes,  Colonel  Maurice  Langhorne,  Col- 
onel Alexander  Austin,  Colonel  William  H.  Garland, 
Major  J.  B.  Risque,  Major  A.  M.  Gilliam,  Major  J. 
E.  Norvell  and  Captain  J.  H.  Simpson.  The  order 
of  the  procession  was  : 

Marshals. 

Band  in  mourning. 

Mechanics  Artillery;  cannons  covered  with  black;  arms  reversed. 

The  orator,  with  Rev.  H.  B.  Cowles  and  Rev.  William  S.  Reid. 

Mayor,  aldermen,  common  comicil  and  magistrates  from  the  coun- 
try, wearing  badges  of  mourning. 

Clergy  in  double  file. 

Patrick  Henry  Debating  Society. 

A  white  horse,  covered  with  black,  with  saddle,  and  boots  in  the 
stirrups  inverted,  and  a  groom  in  appropriate  mourning. 

Companions  in  arms  of  General  Lafayette,  headed  by  Major-Gen- 
eral Joel  Leftwich,  with  aides,  as  chief  mourners. 

Countrymen  of  Lafayette. 

Revolutionary  soldiers  in  double  file. 

Members  of  the  bar  from  town  and  country. 

Volunteer  companies. 

Ofiicers  of  the  United  States  army  and  navy. 

Colonel  and  staff  of  One  Hundred  and  Thirty-first  regiment  on 
horseback. 

Masons. 

Young  men's  societies,  with  badges  of  mourning. 

Officers  and  privates  of  militia  from  town  and  country. 

Citizens  and  strangers. 

Lynchburg  troops,  Captain  Langhorne,  arms  reversed. 


116  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

The  long  procession  started  at  ten  o'clock,  and 
marched  up  Church  to  Fifth,  down  Fifth  to  Main, 
thence  to  Eleventh  street,  up  Eleventh  to  Church  and 
to  the  Methodist  church. 

Not  only  the  church  was  crowded,  but  the  street  in 
front  of  the  church  was  jammed  with  people.  The 
services  at  the  church  began  with  the  choir  singing  a 
special  dirge  prepared  by  Gates  Ward.  Kev.  W.  S. 
Reid  led  in  prayer,  and  the  orator,  Charles  L.  Mosby, 
was  introduced  and  delivered  a  fine  oration  on  the  life 
of  General  Lafayette.  The  choir  rendered  another 
piece,  and  the  services  were  closed  with  prayer  and 
the  benediction  by  Kev.  H.  B.  Cowles.  At  sunset 
twenty-four  minute  guns  were  fired,  and  thus  closed 
one  of  the  most  memorable  days  in  the  history  of 
Lynchburg.  What  a  beautiful  custom  this  was  of 
suspending  business,  calling  the  people  together,  and 
exalting  virtue  and  bravery  as  represented  by  the  dif- 
ferent great  men  !  The  effects  were  far-reaching  ;  the 
young  were  taught  that  there  were  greater  things  than 
material  gains  and  bodily  comforts.  Much  of  the 
noble  history  that  followed  drew  its  inspiration  from 
these  occasions. 

At  this  time  Virginia  had  its  own  idea  about  settling 
affairs  of  honor,  and  Lynchburg  was  in  Virginia.  If 
an  insult  were  offered  by  one  gentleman  to  another,  sec- 
onds were  chosen,  challenges  passed,  and  a  duel  ar- 
ranged and  fought.  Judge  William  Daniel's  home, 
"  Point  of  Honor,"  had  been  so  named  on  account  of 
a  duel  fought  near  there  by  Samuel  Wiatt  and  Henry 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        117 

Langhorne.  Just  after  the  firing,  Lewis  Cabell  came 
along  to  look  after  the  building  of  his  new  house.  He 
asked  what  was  the  matter,  and,  when  told,  said,  "  That 
gives  me  a  name  for  my  place,  ^  Point  of  Honor.' " 
The  town  was  thrown  into  a  state  of  excitement  Au- 
gust 11  by  the  report  that  a  duel  had  just  been  fought 
between  William  M.  Lambert  and  William  M.  Davis, 
John  M.  Speed  and  John  W.  Dudley  being  seconds. 
This  trouble  grew  out  of  a  piece  written  in  the  Eich- 
mond  Enquirer.  Lambert  fired  and  missed,  then  Davis 
fired  into  the  air  and  afterwards  apologized.  Such  was 
the  sentiment  at  this  time  that  it  would  have  been 
thought  cowardly  to  have  oifered  an  apology  before 
fighting  the  duel.  It  is  well  that  these  ideas  of  pro- 
tecting one's  honor  have  passed  and  that  better  and 
less  harmful  methods  have  been  introduced. 

A  Unitarian  preacher  came  to  town  about  this  time 
and  asked  permission  to  preach  in  the  First  Baptist 
church.  It  was  granted  him,  and  he  worked  zealously, 
but  to  no  purpose,  for  he  was  unable  to  start  a  church, 
as  he  had  hoped.  There  were  several  other  interesting 
movements  in  church  affairs  at  this  time.  In  1830  the 
old  theatre  on  Court  street  was  abandoned  and  the 
property  was  bought  for  a  negro  church,  the  first  in 
Lynchburg ;  before  they  were  all  members  of  the 
white  churches.  Rev.  A.  Clopton  thought  that  he 
was  especially  called  to  do  this  work,  so  he  gave  up 
the  pastorate  of  the  First  Baptist  church  and  under- 
took it.  The  First  church  being  weak  and  without  a 
pastor,  it  was  thought  advisable  to  unite  with  the  Sec- 


118  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

ond  and  form  one  strong  church.  A  meeting  was  held 
December  22,  1834,  at  which  Messrs.  Reese,  Lucas 
and  S.  Nowlin,  from  the  First  church,  and  Elder  A. 
Smith,  P.  C.  Nelson  and  C  M.  Rives,  from  the  Sec- 
ond, were  present.  It  was  thought  expedient  to  unite 
with  the  Second  church  and  sell  the  property  of  the 
First.  This  was  consummated  at  a  meeting  of  the  two 
congregations,  March  22,  1835,  Rev.  A.  Smith  being 
chosen  pastor. 

In  February,  1835,  the  Virginia  conference  of  the 
Methodist  Episcopal  church  again  held  its  session  here, 
and  in  May  the  Episcopal  council  met  here.  St.  Paul's 
church  was  the  first  to  introduce  an  organ  into  the  town, 
and  now  they  had  another  plan  on  foot.  The  vestry  felt 
that  the  place  needed  to  take  public  note  of  time,  espe- 
cially as  many  were  late  in  attending  church  services. 
They  therefore  appealed  to  the  citizens  to  contribute  to 
a  fund  to  purchase  a  town-clock  to  place  in  the  steeple 
of  their  church.  The  suggestion  met  with  general  ap- 
proval, and  a  subscription  list  was  left  with  Alexander 
Tompkins  at  the  Farmers  bank.  The  amount  neces- 
sary, $862.95,  having  been  raised,  on  October  27  the 
clock  was  shipped  from  Boston  and  soon  put  in  place 
on  the  church.  It  remained  there  until  a  new  church 
was  built,  and  then  it  was  taken  down  and  laid  on  the 
hill-side  to  rot.  But  its  work  was  not  yet  done ;  when 
the  new  courthouse  was  built  this  was  thought  to  be  a 
good  place  for  the  old  clock.  It  was  taken  up,  fixed 
and  put  in  place,  and  when  the  building  was  completed 
the  clock  was  started.    From  that  day  to  this  the  faith- 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 


119 


ful  old  watcher  has  been  keeping  the  city's  time.  It 
has  measured  the  lives  of  many  citizens,  and  has  gone 
on  with  its  work  heedlessly  crying  the  hours,  whether 
it  be  the  birth  of  the  infant  or  the  death  of  the  aged, 
the  hour  of  misfortune  and  gloom  or  the  time  of  pros- 
perity and  happiness.  How  long  this  old  iriend  will 
continue  to  tell  us  of  the  passing  time  we  know  not, 
but  when  its  work  is  done  let  it  be  carefully  laid  away 
in  honor  of  its  noble  service. 

The  distinguished  Virginia  jurist.  Judge  Marshall, 
died  July  6,  and,  according  to  its  custom,  Lynchburg 
must  honor  his  memory.  The  citizens  wore  crape  on 
their  arms  thirty  days,  and  on  August  24  the  stores 
closed,  the  bells  tolled,  and  the  people  marched  to  the 
Methodist  church  to  hear  an  oration  upon  the  life  and 
character  of  the  great  man.  Rev.  F.  G.  Smith  spoke, 
and  Revs.  W.  S.  Reid  and  H.  B.  Cowles  took  part 
in  the  service.  Similar  services  had  also  been  held  in 
honor  of  James  Monroe. 

Lynchburg  was  greatly  stirred  by  a  trouble  that 
seemed  to  threaten  its  very  life,  and  one  that  later  on 
was  to  cause  much  sorrow.  A  certain  class  of  people, 
of  the  baser  sort,  were  going  through  the  country  talk- 
ing with  the  slaves  and  advising  them  to  run  away,  or, 
if  no  chance  offered  for  that,  to  kill  and  burn,  that  they 
might  gain  their  freedom.  This  was  a  serious  matter, 
and  it  was  made  more  serious  by  the  vivid  recollection 
of  the  Nat.  Turner  insurrection.  The  citizens  felt  that 
to  prevent  trouble  with  the  negroes  immediate  and 
decisive  action  must  be  taken.     An  anti-abolition  meet- 


120  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

ing  was  held  August  27,  and  was  attended  by  a  large 
crowd  of  the  most  prominent  citizens.  Samuel  J. 
Wiatt  was  chairman,  and  R.  H.  Toler  secretary.  \Yarm 
and  enthusiastic  speeches  were  made,  and  the  meeting 
decided  to  appoint  a  strong  vigilance  committee  in  each 
ward,  with  instructions  to  suppress  anything  looking  to 
abolition.  It  also  resolved  to  petition  the  legislature  to 
pass  such  laws  as  would  keep  out  of  the  State  these  so- 
called  reformers,  to  strengthen  the  police  force,  and  to 
request  the  postmaster  to  detain  all  incendiary  publica- 
tions. But  a  more  important  move  than  these  was  that 
made  by  the  merchants,  who  bound  themselves  not  to 
trade  with  any  place  whose  representatives  interfered 
with  the  slaves.  This  last  action  had  the  desired  effect. 
Immediately  New  York  and  Philadelphia  held  public 
meetings  and  denounced  all  interference  with  the  slaves 
of  the  South  as  impertinence  and  injustice,  declaring 
that  they  were  the  property  of  the  Southern  people, 
with  which  others  had  nothing  to  do.  Other  places  in 
New  England,  New  York,  New  Jersey,  and  Pennsylva- 
nia held  similar  meetings  and  strongly  expressed  them- 
selves against  this  intermeddling  with  other  people's 
affairs.  This  great  question  was  set  at  rest  for  a  while, 
and  the  people,  relieved  of  their  apprehensions,  quietly 
went  to  work. 

Work  had  been  begun  on  the  canal,  and  the  town 
had  suffered  a  good  deal  from  an  epidemic  of  fever, 
thought  to  have  been  caused  by  so  much  digging  about 
here.  The  people  were  pleased  at  the  prospect  of  a 
canal,  but  were  not  satisfied.     There  was  still  an  eager 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        121 

desire  for  a  railroad  which  nothing  else  could  satisfy. 
Once  they  had  nearly  succeeded  in  building  one,  and 
they  could  not  rest  until  success  crowned  their  efforts. 
The  question  was  greatly  agitated,  and  on  October  15 
a  public  meeting  was  held  to  inaugurate  a  plan  for  a 
railroad.  John  G.  Meera,  Rev.  John  Early  and  a 
number  of  other  citizens  were  appointed  to  petition 
the  legislature  to  incorporate  the  Lynchburg  and  Ten- 
nessee railroad,  from  Lynchburg  to  the  Tennessee  line, 
to  connect  with  the  Nashville  and  New  Orleans  road. 
The  bill  was  passed  March  11,  1836,  incorporating 
this  road,  and  authorizing  the  construction  of  a  road 
from  Lynchburg  to  Richmond.  When  the  news  reached 
Lynchburg  there  was  great  rejoicing,  and  on  the  fol- 
lowing night  the  event  was  celebrated  by  a  great  illu- 
mination. Nearly  every  house  had  its  windows  illumi- 
nated with  candles.  The  general  interest  taken  in  this 
measure  seemed  to  indicate  that  Lynchburg  was  deter- 
mined to  have  the  railroad,  and  not  allow  it  to  be  set 
aside  for  anything  else. 

The  promoters  of  the  road  continued  with  unceasing 
effort  to  push  forward  the  scheme.  June  1,  a  large 
meeting  was  held  in  the  Methodist  Protestant  church. 
Rev.  John  Early  was  chairman.  Strong  speeches  were 
made  urging  the  citizens  to  subscribe  liberally  to  the 
stock,  and  not  without  effect,  for  many  came  forward 
and  registered  their  names  for  a  goodly  number  of 
shares.  The  people  were  greatly  encouraged  when  the 
next  year,  April,  1837,  the  legislature  subscribed  to  two 
hundred  thousand  dollars  of  stock  on  account  of  the  State. 


122  LYNCHBURG    AND    IIS    PEOPLE. 

The  proposed  road  to  Richmond  was  lost  sight  of  in 
the  efforts  to  secure  the  other;  but  other  enterprises 
were  being  started.  Three  new  banks  had  been  estab- 
lished :  the  Citizens'  Savings,  J.  R.  McDaniel,  president ; 
the  Lynchburg  Savings,  Jehu  Williams,  president ; 
and  the  Union  Savings,  T.  O.  Acree,  president.  In 
February  of  this  year  the  Lynchburg  Hose  Company 
was  organized,  with  Sampson  Diuguid,  engineer  in  chief, 
and  John  R.  McDaniel,  first,  Jehu  AVilliams,  second, 
Robert  W.  Collins,  third,  and  Fred.  Hickey,  fourth 
engineer.  March  23,  the  Lynchburg  Female  Academy 
was  incorporated,  with  John  G.  Meem,  president ; 
Alexander  Tompkins,  treasurer;  Charles  L.  Mosby, 
secretary. 

It  was  not  to  be  expected  that  everything  should  be 
favorable  to  the  town,  and  there  be  no  reverses.  In 
the  summer  of  this  year  there  M'as  a  freshet  in  the 
river  that  did  great  damage  to  property  on  the  river 
bank.  The  toll-bridge  was  swept  aAvay,  and  work  on 
the  new  canal  greatly  injured. 

News  was  received  that  on  June  28  James  Madison 
died,  and  on  July  14  suitable  public  honors  were  paid 
to  his  memory. 

Several  years  since  an  attempt  had  been  made  to  organ- 
ize an  agricultural  fair,  but  it  had  failed.  Early  in  1837, 
the  Central  Agricultural  Society  and  Mechanics  Insti- 
tute was  organized,  and  in  October  held  its  first  exhibit. 
Samuel  Burch,  E.  C.  Lankford,  Sampson  Diuguid, 
George  Percival,  and  Chesley  Hardy  composed  the 
committee  on  arrangements ;  O.  G.  Clay,  president ; 


L,YNCHBUEG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  123 

J.  H.  Tyree,  treasurer;  and  Achilles  D.  Johnson, 
secretary.  The  opening  address  was  made  by  John 
Percival  at  the  Methodist  church.  The  cattle  was  at 
Spring  warehouse,  the  horses  at  William  Smith's  stage 
yard,  corner  Eleventh  and  Lynch  streets,  and  the  sheep 
and  hogs  at  Martin's  warehouse.  The  domestic  fea- 
tures were  displayed  in  the  ball-room  of  the  Franklin 
hotel.  Thus  Lynchburg's  first  fair  was  somewhat  scat- 
tered, but  it  was  a  beginning,  and  there  is  always  sig- 
nificance in  beginnings. 

The  "falling  of  the  stars"  was  still  fresh  in  the 
minds  of  the  people,  as  was  the  terrific  hail-storm  which 
occurred  July,  1835,  breaking  nearly  all  the  window- 
glass  in  town,  and,  as  some  claim,  indenting  the  Twelfth 
street  wall  of  "  Cross  Keys "  tavern  ;  and  when,  on 
November  20,  a  wonderful  aurora  borealis  was  visible, 
a  consternation  was  created  among  some,  for,  said  they, 
these  signs  and  wonders  portend  some  terrible  things. 

The  town  was  made  sad  when  it  was  announced  that 
on  March  19,  1838,  Rev.  F.  G.  Smith,  the  esteemed 
rector  of  St.  Paul's  church,  had  resigned  and  expected 
soon  to  leave  for  another  place.  A  sadder  event  than 
this  took  place  November  15,  this  year,  when  Lynch- 
burg's "earliest  poet"  died.  Bransford  Vawter  was 
born  in  1815,  in  a  small  frame  house  which  stood 
where  the  Law  Building:  now  is.  He  was  the  second 
son  of  Benjamin  Vawter,  tailor.  The  father  thought 
more  of  Bransford,  whom  he  called  "  Buddy,"  than  he 
did  of  Silas,  whom  he  addressed  as  "Jake."  When 
under  the  influence  of  liquor  he  would  often  sit  in  his 


124  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

door  singing :  "  The  world  is  good,  the  people  are 
good ;  God  bless  '  Buddy '  forever,  and  at  the  same 
time  please  don't  forget  '  Jake.' "  Bransford  early 
evinced  a  love  for  literature,  and  especially  for  poetry. 
When  only  four,  he  learned  to  recite  well,  and  his 
father  would  often  bring  him  into  the  little  shop  and 
make  him  recite  for  the  customers  Goldsmith's  "  Elegy 
on  the  Death  of  a  Mad  Dog,"  which  was  his  favorite. 
His  ambition  for  "Buddy"  was  that  he  become  a 
tailor ;  and,  to  carry  this  out,  he  tried  to  bind  him  to 
Ambrose  Page,  who  refused,  saying  that  he  would  not 
make  a  tailor.  He  was  bound  out  to  a  man  in  Liberty, 
until  recalled  home  on  account  of  the  suicide  of  his 
father.  Bransford  then  went  to  work  with  Mr.  Pasre, 
and  remained  for  a  short  while,  saying  that  he  wanted 
to  go  to  school.  He  went  to  John  Gary,  who  taught 
in  the  basement  of  the  Baptist  church,  on  Church 
street.  After  two  years  of  good  progress  at  school,  he 
left  and  became  deputy  clerk  under  General  D.  Rodes. 
He  is  described  as  having  a  frail,  graceful  figure,  with 
a  clear-cut,  intellectual  face,  dark  brilliant  eyes,  and  a 
genial  expression.  He  suffered  from  pulmonary  trouble, 
and  in  the  latter  years  of  his  life  became  very  dissi- 
pated. He  was  very  popular,  and  was  made  an  officer 
of  the  Lynchburg  "  Invincibles,"  a  military  company, 
and  president  of  the  Patrick  Henry  Debating  Society. 
He  was  an  ornate  prose  writer  and  a  born  orator,  but 
was  distinguished  above  all  as  a  poet.  Few  of  his 
pieces  are  preserved,  but  among  them  his  best.  This 
first  appeared  in  the  Southern  Literary  Messenger  with- 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        125 

out  the  author's  name.  It  was  copied  by  other  maga- 
zines, was  set  to  music  and  sung  throughout  the  United 
States,  and  was  even  translated  into  several  other  lan- 
guages. A  great  curiosity  was  felt  to  know  the  author, 
and  a  prize  was  oiFered  for  his  name.  After  some  per- 
suasion the  author  allowed  it  to  be  published,  and,  to 
the  surprise  of  some,  it  was  the  Lynchburg  poet. 

The  plaintive  and  impassioned  stanzas  were  ad- 
dressed, some  say,  to  Miss  Ann  E.  Norvell,  afterwards 
Mrs.  Daniel  Warwick;  others,  to  Miss  Labby,  who 
later  married  a  Mr.  Neville.  The  lines,  which  we 
quote  below,  breathe  a  knightly  and  chivalrous  spirit : 

"I'd  offer  thee  this  hand  of  mine, 

If  I  could  love  thee  less, 
But  hearts  so  warm,  so  fond  as  thine. 

Should  never  know  distress. 
My  fortune  is  too  hard  for  thee, 

'T  would  chill  thy  dearest  joy; 
I'd  rather  weep  to  see  thee  free, 

Than  win  thee  to  destroy. 

I  love  thee  in  thy  happiness, 

As  one  too  dear  to  love — 
As  one  I  think  of  but  to  bless, 

As  wretchedly  I  rove, 
And  oh!  when  sorrow's  cup  I  drink. 

All  bitter  though  it  be. 
How  sweet '  t  will  be  for  me  to  think, 

It  holds  no  drop  for  thee. 

And  now  my  dreams  are  sadly  o'  er, 

Fate  bids  them  all  depart. 
And  I  must  leave  my  native  shore, 

In  brokenness  of  heart. 
And  oh,  dear  one!  when  far  from  thee, 

I  ne'er  know  joy  again, 
I  would  not  that  one  thought  of  me 

Should  give  thy  bosom  pain." 

He  died  at  the  early  age  of  twenty-three,  in  the  old 


126  LYXCHBTEG    A>"T>    ITS    PEOPLE. 

house  on  Polk  street,  Dear  Fourth,  in  which  his  father 
committed  suicide.  In  the  Methodist  cemetery,  about 
one  hundred  yards  from  the  entrance,  is  a  narrow  sec- 
tion, rudely  enclosed  by  a  stone  wall.  In  one  of  the 
unmarked  graves  in  this  plot  sleep  the  mortal  remains 
of  this  brilliant  but  blighted  young  man. 

AVe  may  be  permitted  to  quote  a  few  stanzas  from 
Mrs.  C.  J.  M.  Jordan's  beautiful  f>oem,  "  The  Grave  of 
Bransford  Vawier  "  : 

'  •'  It  is  a  spot  he  would  have  loved,  by  pleasing  landscape  bounded, 
Fair  verdant  slopes,  and  distant  hHls,  Mid  blooming  hflla  sor- 

roonded; 
Xo  fitter  coucb  could  loving  bands  have  chosen  for  his  sleeping, 
Than  here  where  kindly  Mature  holds  his  dust  in  tender  keeping. 

yo  sounds  of  earth,  no  rush  of  storm,  or  note  of  bird  may  move 

him; 
The  mountains  fling  their  shadows  broad,  the  blue  skies  smile 

aVxive  him; 
Xo  r^less  dreams  obtruding  come  his  lonely  pillow  haunting: 
The  river  that  his  childhood  loved  his  requiem  now  is  chanting. 

We  may  not  know,  we  only  hear,  how  much  stem  Fate  deaiied  him, 
AVe  only  see  the  mantling  sod  and  dai-sies  white  that  hide  him; 
The  music  of  his  broken  harp  floats  in  the  pine-trees  sighing, 
-\nd  sends  its  plaintive  echoes  o'er  the  grave  where  he  is  lying." 

An  occurrence,  partaking  of  the  marvelous,  created 
a  good  deal  of  excitement  in  the  town.  It  took  place 
in  the  .spring  of  1839,  in  the  one-storj'  brick  house  on 
Jackson  street,  between  Eleventh  and  Twelfth,  the 
residence  of  the  Rev.  Dr.  William  A.  Smith.  Dr. 
Smith  had  borrowed  a  cradle  from  Rev.  John  Early,  in 
which  to  put  his  new-bom  baby.  One  morning,  as 
he  was  at  breakfast,  his  wife,  who  was  in  bed  in  the 
next  room,  called  to  him  and  said  :  "  Dr.  Smith,  come 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOrLE.  1'27 

here  and  look  at  this  cradle,  how  it  rocks."  lie  arose 
and  came  to  the  door,  and,  to  his  amazement,  the  cradle 
was  rocking  vigorously,  and  there  was  no  one  near  it. 
Dr.  Smith  moved  the  cradle  from  near  the  iire-place 
into  the  middle  of  the  floor,  and  said  :  "  Xow  Geoftrey 
(he  called  the  Devil  by  that  name),  rock  ! "  and  he  did. 

The  news  of  it  spread  through  town  like  wildfire, 
and  hundreds  closed  their  places  of  business  and  went 
to  see  the  "rocking  cradle."  A'arious  explanations 
were  given,  but  none  seemed  satisfactory  to  tlie  people. 

This  remarkable  period  closed  with  a  sad  feeling  pro- 
duced by  the  death  of  one  of  Lynchburg's  distinguished 
sons,  Judge  AVilliam  Daniel,  who  died  at  his  home, 
"  Pomt  of  Tlonor,"  November  20.  In  1708-99  he  was 
in  the  legislature,  and  for  twenty-three  years  before  his 
death  was  Judge  of  the  General  and  Circuit  courts.  In 
h.is  instruction  in  a  certain  case  for  damages,  he  gave 
rise  to  the  saying,  now  proverbial  in  Virginia,  that  a 
"  d — n  lie  "  is  the  first  lick.  He  had  been  a  citizen  of 
T^ynchburg  since  early  in  the  century,  and  was  a  man 
respected  for  his  talents  and  legal  knowledge,  and 
esteemed  for  those  fine  traits  possessed  by  the  "  old 
Virginia  gentleman." 


CHAPTER  VII. 

This  year  found  Lynchburg  in  a  prosperous  condi- 
tion, with  a  population  of  six  thousand,  three  hun- 
dred and  ninety-five,  and  rapidly  growing.  It  was  now 
large  enough  to  support  two  semi-weekly  papers,  so 
that  on  July  9  the  Lynchburg  Republican  was  started. 

The  town  had  been  through  severe  struggles  in  the 
past,  but  the  greatest  struggle  of  its  history  was  yet  be- 
fore it.  The  people  were  to  be  prepared  for  it  by  the 
joy  that  other  days  would  bring  them.  One  of  these 
days  was  Thursday,  December  3.  After  many  losses 
and  delays,  the  James  River  and  Kanawha  canal  was 
finished  to  this  place,  and  this  was  the  day  set  for  its 
formal  opening  at  Lynchburg.  Then  it  was  that  the 
first  boat  would  arrive  from  Richmond,  and  to  add 
interest  to  the  occasion  a  race  had  been  arranged  be- 
tween a  Whig  and  a  Democratic  boat.  Great  prepara- 
tions were  made  to  receive  the  welcome  visitor.  The 
mayor,  the  council,  the  clergy,  the  volunteer  companies 
with  a  band,  and  in  fact  nearly  the  whole  town,  went 
down  to  cheer  tlie  winner  of  the  race  and  thus  witness 
the  arrival  in  tlie  town  of  the  first  boat.  The  crowd 
waited  patiently  for  hours,  and  about  four,  when  the 
shadows  of  that  winter  day  began  to  lengthen,  a  sweet 
note  rang  out  away  down  the  river,  a  sound  unfamiliar 
to  the  watchers.  It  was  a  boat  horn.  Again  and 
again  It  was  heard,  each  time  coming  nearer.      Excite- 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE. 


129 


ment  increased  with  each  sound,  and  expectation  was  on 
tip-toe.  In  a  short  while  rapidly  moving  horses,  cov- 
ered with  foam,  came  plunging  around  the  curve,  and 
then  the  boat.  What  a  scene  !  The  people  almost  went 
wild.  Cheer  after  cheer  arose,  until  Amherst  cliffs  were 
echoing  with  the  sound ;  then  the  band  began  to  play, 
the  Artillery  and  Rifle  companies  began  to  fire  salutes, 
and  it  seemed  as  if  a  pandemonium  had  been  turned 
loose.  The  Whig  boat,  the  William  H.  Harrison,  had 
won.  This  was  the  occasion  for  renewed  cheering  and 
waving  of  flags.  The  boat  stopped  at  Renwick's 
warehouse,  where  the  Witt  Shoe  Company's  house 
now  stands.  As  soon  as  it  was  made  fast,  Charles  L. 
Mosby  stepped  on  board  and  was  introduced  as  the 
speaker  of  the  occasion.  He  first  presented  a  stand  of 
colors  to  the  helmsman  and  then  proceeded  to  make  his 
speech.  When  near  the  close  he  grew  eloquent.  "What 
was  land  here  worth  before  the  canal  was  started  ?"  said 
the  speaker ;  then  with  a  great  gesture  he  said,  "  What 

is  it  worth ,"  and  before  he  finished  the  sentence 

he  was  lost  to  view.  Not  being  used  to  canal  boats, 
and  having  an  insecure  position,  he  lost  his  balance  and 
plunged  into  the  water.  This  created  quite  a  stir. 
Many  came  to  the  rescue,  and  soon  Mr.  Mosby  was 
gotten  out  without  further  injury  than  a  good  ducking. 
As  he  came  out,  dripping  with  water,  James  Dolan,  a 
leading  Irish  citizen,  and  an  acquaintance  of  the  speaker, 
cried  out,  "  Neighbor,  you  have  changed  your  religion — 
quit  the  Presbyterians  and  turned  Baptist ! " 

In  February  a  line  of  packet  boats  was  established 


130  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

between  here  and  Richmond.  Boyd,  Edmunds  &  Co., 
agents,  announced  that  on  Monday,  Wednesday  and 
Friday  of  each  week,  at  7:30  A.  m.,  the  "Jos.  C. 
Cabell,"  Captain  Huntley,  and  the  "  John  Marshall," 
Captain  Hull,  would  leave  alternately  for  Richmond, 
fare,  eight  dollars.  The  freight  boats  had  begun  to  ar- 
rive and  depart,  and  the  shipping  news  of  the  "port" 
of  Lynchburg  was  already  occupying  some  space  in 
the  tow^n  papers. 

In  its  material  prosperity  Lynchburg  did  not  forget 
the  higher  things  that  ennoble  human  life.  It  could 
always  stop  to  review  the  life  of  a  distinguished  man, 
or  to  help  the  helpless,  or  to  inaugurate  an  educational 
movement.  Now  the  people  Avere  called  upon  to  mourn 
the  death  of  a  distinguished  visitor.  A  patriarch  of 
eighty  years  had  come  here,  about  November  7,  to 
preach  to  the  people.  He  had  often  preached  here, 
but  before  he  reached  the  town  this  time  he  was 
taken  ill  and  could  not  fill  his  appointment.  He  con- 
tinued to  grow  worse,  and  on  November  15,  at  the 
home  of  Rev.  Thomas  Atkinson,  rector  of  St.  Paul's, 
the  Rev.  Richard  Channing  Moore,  the  Episcopal 
bishop  of  the  diocese  of  Virginia,  died.  The  citizens 
honored  the  memory  of  this  godly  man,  and  many  fol- 
loAved  the  remains  to  the  boat,  as  a  mark  of  respect. 

Near  the  close  of  1841  a  meeting  of  great  impor- 
tance was  held.  Lynchburg  had  already  started  a  sys- 
tem of  free  education,  but  it  did  not  continue  long ; 
now,  there  was  a  movement  of  greater  importance.  A 
State  educational  convention  was  to  be  held  in  Rich- 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  131 

mond,  December  9,  and  the  town  being  mnch  in- 
terested in  this  important  question,  wanted  to  be  well 
represented.  A  meeting  was  held  in  the  Methodist 
Protestant  church  to  elect  delegates.  Several  very 
strong  speeches  in  favor  of  free  education  were  made, 
and  the  following  were  elected  to  represent  the  town  : 
T.  M.  Bondurant,  K.  H.  Toler,  B.  W.  Nowlin,  J.  M. 
Speed,  C.  H.  Lynch,  W.  T.  Young  and  the  Rev.  John 
Early.  The  people  were  disappointed  in  the  result  of 
the  convention,  because,  perhaps,  they  expected  too 
much  at  first.  The  principal  work  done  was  to  discuss 
the  question  and  thus  bring  it  before  the  public.  Several 
years  later  another  was  held  to  ascertain  if  the  people 
would  submit  to  special  taxation  for  the  schools,  but 
many  years  passed  before  they  were  established  by  the 
State. 

The  year  1842  was  not  one  of  great  importance  in 
the  history  of  the  town,  and  few  were  the  events  of 
interest.  In  July  a  freshet  did  much  damage  to  the 
canal  and  property  on  the  river.  There  were  some 
important  matters  in  church  affairs.  The  Methodist 
Protestant  Conference  met  here  in  the  spring ;  Eev. 
R.  B.  Thomson,  president.  September  21,  the  Uui- 
versalists  laid  the  corner-stone  for  a  church  on  a  lot  on 
Twelfth  street,  between  Main  and  Church,  just  back  of 
Morriss'  hotel.  The  church  was  to  be  a  brick  building 
forty  by  sixty  feet.  After  it  was  completed  it  was  not 
long  used  by  the  Universalists,  but  was  rented  for  a 
theatre,  and  later  was  bought  by  the  Odd  Fellows,  who 
improved  it  and  used  it  for  their  hall.     About  this 


132  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

time  the  Catholic  church  was  established  here.  The 
first  Catholic  priest  who  visited  Lynchburg  was 
Father  Cooper,  who  came  in  1829,  and  celebrated 
mass  at  the  residence  of  Mrs.  Mary  B.  Dornin,  and  in 
the  afternoon  preached  at  the  courthouse.  The  next 
priest  who  came  was  Rev.  Timothy  O'Brien.  He  came 
in  1834,  when  there  were  a  large  number  of  Irishmen 
at  work  near  here  on  the  James  River  and  Kanawha 
canal.  The  object  of  his  visit  was  to  raise  funds  for  his 
church  in  Richmond.  He  visited  the  place  several 
times,  and  said  mass  at  the  home  of  Michael  Connell. 
The  next  movement  looking  towards  the  establishment 
of  a  church  was  the  organization  of  a  Sunday-school  at 
the  home  of  Mrs.  Dornin.  In  1841  the  Rev.  John 
O'Brien  came  to  Lynchburg  to  perform  the  marriage 
ceremony  of  Patrick  Quinn  and  Constance,  jNIrs.  Dor- 
nin's  daughter.  He  held  services  and  encouraged  the 
little  company.  A  few  months  later.  Rev.  Daniel 
Downey  was  sent  here  as  pastor.  He  rented  the  old 
Baptist  church,  on  Church  street  near  Fifth,  and  oc- 
cupied it  for  several  years.  At  once  he  began  to  work 
for  a  church,  and  in  the  fall  of  1842  the  building- 
was  started  on  the  hill  near  the  courthouse.  It  was 
finished  in  1843,  and  in  October  was  dedicated  by 
Bishop  Whelan.  The  congregation  was  small  and  had 
struggled  hard  to  build  the  church,  so  that  after  it  was 
finished  there  were  only  one  or  two  seats,  tlie  most  of 
the  people  having  to  stand  during  service.  The  church 
was  used  before  the  dedication,  and  one  of  the  impor- 
tant meetings  held  there  was  that  of  July  4.     The  Irish 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        133 

citizens,  though  far  away,  had  not  forgotten  the  Emer- 
ald Isle.  On  this  day  they  held  a  meeting  to  organize 
a  Repeal  Association,  the  object  of  which  was  to  assist 
their  countrymen  to  secure  a  restoration  of  their  rights 
as  citizens.  A  large '  crowd  was  present,  there  being 
many  sympathizers  with  the  Irish,  and  Patrick  Quinn 
was  made  the  secretary.  The  Association  continued  for 
some  time  and  did  much  good,  by  raising  money  and 
by  creating  a  sentmient  for  the  oppressed. 

The  town  was  quietly  moving  forward.  The  Vir- 
ginia Conference  of  the  Methodist  Episcopal  church 
met  here  November  14, 1844.  Bishop  Soule  presided, 
and  he  was  accompanied  by  Bishop  Andrew,  the  bishop 
whose  case  brought  up  the  question  which  divided  the 
church  into  the  Northern  and  Southern  branches. 

At  this  time  there  was  inaugurated  a  movement  to 
do  what  is  not  often  done,  erect  a  statue  to  a  living 
man.  Lynchburg  must  take  a  part  in  it,  so  in  Decem- 
ber of  this  year  the  ladies  held  a  meeting  in  the  Second 
Presbyterian  church  to  organize  a  society  to  assist  in 
erecting  a  statue  to  Henry  Clay  in  the  Capital  Square 
at  Richmond.  Mrs.  John  M.  Otey  was  president ;  Mrs. 
James  Saunders,  Mrs.  John  H.  Patteson,  Miss  Sallie 
P.  Claj-tor  and  Mrs.  James  M.  Langhorne,  vice-presi- 
dents, and  Mrs.  Joseph  C.  Hunt,  treasurer.  The  asso- 
ciation went  to  work  and  raised  a  handsome  sum,  which, 
with  others,  paid  for  the  statue  which  now  stands  in  the 
beautiful  square. 

The  Baptist  General  Assembly  met  here  in  May, 
1845.     It  had  scarcely  adjourned  when,  on  June  10, 


134  LYXCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

the  town  was  greatly  excited  over  the  appearance  of  a 
large  comet,  which  the  old  inhabitants  said  was  a  certain 
sign  of  war.  Perhaps  it  was  especially  significant  at 
the  time,  because  the  United  States  and  Mexico  were 
having  a  dispute  that  seemed  certain  to  bring  on  war. 
The  prediction  came  true,  for  on  July  16  Mexico  de- 
clared war  against  us. 

Before  this  took  place  the  town  was  turned  to  mourn- 
ing. June  23,  at  the  Hermitage,  his  home  near  Nash- 
ville, General  Andrew  Jackson  died.  As  was  the 
custom,  Lynchburg  had  to  hold  special  memorial  ser- 
vices, and  July  14  was  the  day  fixed.  After  a  suitable 
parade,  a  large  crowd  gathered  at  the  Methodist  church 
and  listened  to  an  oration  on  the  life  of  Jackson  by 
the  speaker  selected,  William  Daniel,  Jr. 

Early  in  its  history  Lynchburg  had  organized  a  tem- 
perance society,  and  it  had  been  quietly  and  earnestly 
at  work.  When  Father  Downey  came  to  take  charge 
of  the  Catholic  congregation,  he  organized  a  total  absti- 
nence society  among  his  people,  and  made  public 
speeches  on  temperance.  The  most  earnest  advocate  of 
this  cause,  however,  was  Captain  Thomas  A.  Holcombe, 
He  not  only  did  much  for  it  here  by  organizing  socie- 
ties and  distributing  tracts  on  the  subject,  but  he  trav- 
eled over  a  good  portion  of  the  State,  doing  the  same 
work.  Such  was  the  esteem  for  him  here  that  when  he 
died,  October  31,  1843,  there  was  great  sorrow,  and  all 
the  stores  on  Main  street  closed  when  the  funeral  pro- 
cession passed.  Some  years  later  the  temperance  socie- 
ties of  the  town  erected  a  monument  over  his  grave  at 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        135 

the  Presbyterian  cemetery,  and  named  their  hall  on 
Church  street  for  him.  The  work  he  was  so  much 
interested  in  did  not  cease  at  his  death.  A  long  peti- 
tion was  presented  January,  1846,  to  the  Common  Hall, 
urging  that  no  liquor  be  allowed  to  be  sold  in  the  town. 
The  request  was  not  granted,  but  the  friends  were  not 
discouraged.  In  March,  John  B.  Gough  delivered  one 
of  his  great  addresses  on  temperance  to  a  large  audience 
at  the  Methodist  church,  and  this  did  much  to  stimulate 
temperance  sentiment. 

About  the  same  time  this  noted  man  visited  Lynch- 
burg the  town  was  saying  farewell  to  one  of  its  distin- 
guished citizens.  Richard  H.  Toler,  who  for  some  time 
had  been  editor  of  the  Virginian,  and  who  had  been 
closely  identified  with  the  town,  having  represented  it 
in  the  legislature,  resigned  his  position  as  editor  of  the 
Virgiman  to  become  editor  of  the  Richmond  Whig. 
The  citizens,  desirous  of  expressing  their  regard  for 
Mr.  Toler,  gave  him  a  public  dinner  at  the  Franklin. 
Charles  L.  Mosby  presided,  and  many  were  the  expres- 
sion of  regard  brought  out  by  the  toasts. 

Mr.  Toler  was  succeeded  by  William  M.  Blackford, 
whom  the  people  discovered  to  be  a  man  of  high  char- 
acter, good  judgment,  and  a  writer  of  culture  and  of 
force.  With  Robert  H.  Glass,  editor  of  the  Repub- 
lican, the  town  could  boast  of  two  excellent  semi- 
weekly  papers. 

Lynchburg  hoped  for  great  things  from  the  educa- 
tional convention  held  at  Richmond,  but  was  disap- 
pointed, yet  not  discouraged.     As  the  State  had  failed 


136  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

to  establish  a  system  of  public  schools,  the  town  again 
undertook  it  on  its  own  behalf.  In  April  of  this  year 
J.  Henry,  of  New  York,  addressed  the  people  of  the 
place  on  this  subject.  Robert  J.  Davis  proposed  the 
organization  of  "  The  Lynchburg  Primary  School  As- 
sociation "  for  popular  education.  The  proposition  met 
with  approval,  and,  on  the  18th,  a  meeting  for  organi- 
zation was  held  in  the  Baptist  church.  David  R.  Edley 
was  chairman  and  David  E.  Spence  secretary.  The 
work  was  not  completed,  and  another  meeting  was  held 
on  the  25t'h,  Henry  A.  Christian,  chairman.  At  this 
meeting  the  organization  was  perfected,  with  Hon. 
Daniel  A.  Wilson,  president ;  D.  R.  Edley,  C.  Dabney, 
John  Wills,  Charles  L.  Mosby  and  William  Daniel,  Jr., 
vice-presidents ;  D,  E.  Spence,  secretary,  and  George 
AV.  Benaugh,  treasurer.  The  association  started  its 
work  and  continued  for  a  while,  but  was  forced  to  sus- 
pend on  account  of  lack  of  funds. 

What  of  the  war  ?  Had  it  passed  and  Lynchburg 
taken  no  part?  Not  so  ;  in  these  days  before  railroads 
and  telegraph  lines,  news  traveled  slowly  by  stage  and 
boat.  Although  Mexico  had  declared  war  the  year  before, 
hostilities  were  not  begun  until  May,  '46.  As  soon  as 
the  "  Ferry  Town  "  heard  there  was  fighting,  it  Avanted 
to  help.  A  public  meeting  was  therefore  called  and 
an  effort  made  to  raise  and  equip  a  volunteer  company. 
Captain  W.  D.  Fair,  of  the  Rifle  Guards,  and  J.  William 
Dudley  made  stirring  speeches.  Committees  were  ap- 
pointed and  went  to  work,  but  did  not  meet  with  the 
success  they  expected,  perhaps  because  the  Mechanics' 


..r-  ,'«^r'\  •'••■rr'  ■ 


THE  LYNCHBURG  COLLEGE 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        137 

Artillery,  a  company  already  organized,  had  offered 
their  service  to  the  governor,  and  for  some  reason  had 
not  been  accepted.  However,  a  number  volunteered, 
not  enough  to  form  a  company,  and  some  money  was 
raised.  Captain  W.  A.  Tolbot  went  to  Richmond  with 
about  twenty  Lynchburgers  and  completed  the  organ- 
ization of  his  company  there.  Among  his  officers  were 
John  J.  Bunting,  second  lieutenant,  and  W.  F.  Norris, 
second  corporal,  both  from  Lynchburg.  Some  other 
Lynchburgers  enlisted  at  other  places — for  instance, 
Thomas  B.  Dornin  in  Missouri.  F.  B.  Deane,  Jr.,  was 
awarded  the  contract  to  cast  five  thousand  shot  and 
shell  for  the  government's  use.  Another  occurrence  in 
reference  to  the  war  took  place  when  it  was  learned 
that  Major  Jubal  A.  Early  with  his  troops  from  Frank- 
lin county  would  pass  through  the  town  January  14, 
1847,  on  his  way  to  Richmond  to  enlist.  Preparations 
Avere  made  to  entertain  him  and  his  men.  A  public 
dinner  was  given  them  at  the  Universalist  church,  and 
as  they  marched  through  the  streets  the  people  cheered 
and  the  ladies  waved  their  handkerchiefs.  From  this 
time  until  peace  was  declared  Lynchburg  took  great 
interest  in  the  war,  and  was  ready  if  there  was  need  to 
send  its  quota  of  soldiers.  Once  a  public  meeting  was 
held  urging  the  vigorous  prosecution  of  the  war. 

The  war  had  little  or  no  effect  upon  the  town ;  busi- 
ness and  improvements  moved  on  as  if  it  were  not. 
The  Masons  began  a  new  building.  Old  Masons'  hall 
was  put  on  rollers  and  moved  as  far  as  St.  Paul's 
church,  where  it  rested  for  several  months,  despite  the 


138  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

protests  of  the  property-owners.  The  present  brick 
building,  on  the  corner  of  Church  and  Ninth  streets, 
was  begun,  and  October  26,  1846,  the  corner-stone 
was  laid.  James  B.  Green,  grand  master;  John  H. 
Seay,  master  of  Marshall  Lodge ;  John  R.  Purdie, 
grand  master  of  Virginia,  with  John  M.  Otey,  presi- 
dent of  the  council,  and  H.  M.  Didlake,  mayor,  took 
part.  Colonel  M.  Langhorne,  Jr.,  John  R.  McDaniel, 
J.  M.  Otey,  J.  B.  Green,  James  Dolan  and  Samuel  A. 
Bailey  were  the  committee  of  arrangements. 

In  August,  1847,  the  town  was  threatened  with  a 
money  panic.  The  Bank  of  Virginia  here  was  nearly 
ruined  by  a  theft  of  fifty  thousand  dollars  by  two  of  its 
leading  officers.  The  town  was  greatly  excited,  but 
the  bank  stood  the  strain  and  continued  its  business. 
The  defaulters  were  captured  and  put  in  jail  to  await 
trial. 

An  effort  was  made  in  November  to  establish  a  free 
high  school.  Rev.  W.  S.  Reid,  of  the  First  Presby- 
terian church;  Rev.  D.  S.  Doggett,  of  the  Methodist; 
Rev.  W.  H.  Kinckle,  of  the  Episcopal;  Rev.  W.  M.  Wil- 
liams, of  the  Baptist,  and  Rev.  E.  J.  Newlin,  of  the 
Second  Presbyterian,  took  much  interest  in  the  move. 
Their  efforts,  however,  resulted  only  in  laying  the 
foundation  for  a  work  that  was  to  be  completed  in 
after  years. 

The  James  was  again  causing  trouble.  November 
24,  there  was  the  greatest  flood  since  1794.  The  river 
rose  twenty-one  feet  above  low-water  mark.  The  canal 
was  greatly  damaged,  the  water-works  dam  was  swept 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        139 

away,  and  property  on  the  river  and  canal  was  greatly 
injured.  The  town  was  without  water  for  several 
months,  and,  besides  great  inconvenience,  was  at  the 
mercy  of  the  flames. 

It  was  during  this  year  that  some  noble  women  had 
succeeded  in  starting,  in  a  small  way,  an  orphan  asylum. 
It  was  on  Federal  street  between  First  and  Second,  and 
was  called  the  Ann  Nor  veil  Orphan  Asylum. 

Early  in  1848  Misses  M.  A,  and  G.  Gordon  erected 
at  the  corner  of  Court  and  Twelfth  streets  a  large  brick 
building,  to  be  used  as  a  school.  It  was  called  the 
Lynchburg  Female  Seminary.  It  figured  largely  in 
the  education  of  the  young  people  of  the  town. 

Gloom  was  cast  over  the  town  when  the  news  was 
received  that  on  May  15,  in  Richmond,  Richard  H. 
Toler  had  died.  He  was  a  man  of  high  character,  and 
a  progressive  citizen.  His  funeral  was  conducted  from 
the  Methodist  church  here  by  the  pastor,  Rev.  David 
S.  Doggett. 

It  yet  remains  to  desoi-ibe  the  great  struggle  of  this 
decade,  and  not  only  so,  but  the  greatest  struggle  in 
the  history  of  Lynchburg,  so  far  as  public  enterprises 
are  concerned.  To  the  efforts  at  this  time  the  city 
owes  its  present  prosperty.  The  Lynchburg  and  New 
River  railroad  seemed  to  be  an  established  fact  until 
the  canal  was  started,  and  it  was  set  aside.  For  a  time 
it  looked  as  if  the  efforts  to  build  a  road  had  been 
abandoned,  but  this  was  not  the  case ;  the  hope  of  hav- 
ing a  railroad  from  Lynchburg  was  never  given  up. 
In  March,  1839,  R.  H.  Toler  had  offered  a  bill  in  the 


140  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

legislature  proposing  to  construct  the  Southwestern 
road  in  connection  with  a  bank  of  the  Commonwealth. 
Lynchburg  approved  of  this,  but  it  was  defeated.  Here 
the  matter  rested  until  the  fall  of  1845,  when  the  sub- 
ject of  the  Southwestern  road  was  brought  before  the 
public  again.  Nearly  every  paper  contained  long  ar- 
ticles for  and  against  the  railroad,  and  it  was  the  sub- 
ject of  conversation  everywhere  among  the  citizens.  A 
convention  to  consider  the  subject  was  to  be  held  at 
Abingdon,  and  Lynchburg  was  to  send  delegates.  A 
public  meeting  was  therefore  held  at  the  Universalist 
church,  presided  over  by  M.  Hart,  mayor,  and  the 
delegates  were  appointed.  There  was  much  enthusiasm 
in  the  convention,  and  plans  were  made  to  start  the  new 
railroad.  Some  delegates,  however,  opposed  it,  saying 
that  a  IMcAdamized  road  would  suit  better  and  be  loss 
expensive.  The  bill  was  framed  and  presented  to  the 
legislature,  but  was  defeated,  and,  strange  as  it  may 
seem,  the  Southwest  attributed  its  defeat  to  Lynchburg 
and  threatened  to  witlidraw  its  trade  from  here. 

A  ray  of  hope  seemed  to  daAvu  when  in  January, 
1846,  the  legislature  passed  a  bill  for  the  establishment 
of  a  railroad  from  Salem  to  the  Southwest.  Although 
this  did  not  touch  Lynchburg,  the  leaders  in  the  move- 
ment felt  that  they  could  easily  get  a  road  to  Salem  if 
the  other  were  built. 

The  touTi  was  groaning  for  a  railroad  to  the  South- 
west, but  was  not  opposed  to  one  East.  From  this  direc- 
tion came  a  call  for  a  convention  to  meet  at  Farmville 
May  7,  to  devise  plans  for  building  a  road  from  Peters- 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        141 

burg  to  Lynchburg,  to  be  called  the  Southside  railroad. 
It  was  decided  to  proceed  with  the  organization  of  the 
company,  and  Charles  Sanford  was  made  chief  engineer. 

January  of  next  year  the  legislature  passed  a  bill  to 
extend  the  canal  to  Buchanan.  Lynchburg  considered 
this  damaging  to  its  interest,  as  Buchanan  had  already 
been  working  to  make  itself  the  eastern  terminus  of 
the  Southwestern  road.  This  alarmed  the  town  and  a 
public  meeting  was  called.  Henry  Davis  was  chairman, 
and  J.  G.  Meem,  secretary.  Rev.  John  Early  oiFered 
resolutions  that  a  road  starting  at  Lynchburg  and  going 
west  be  built  and  called  the  Richmond  and  Ohio  road, 
and  that  the  town  subscribe  to  one  thousand  shares  of 
stock  on  these  conditions.  The  resolutions  were  adopted, 
and  in  May  an  election  was  held  and  the  freeholders 
voted,  two  hundred  and  sixty-six  to  fourteen,  to  author- 
ize the  council  to  subscribe  on  the  above  conditions. 

Interest  began  to  deepen,  and  it  was  decided  to  hold 
a  convention  here  September  22,  to  plan  for  the  new 
railroad.  Many  delegates  were  present  when  the  con- 
vention opened  in  the  Universalist  church.  James 
Lyon  was  made  president  and  R.  H.  Glass  and  William 
M.  Blackford  secretaries.  Rev.  John  Early  was  made 
chairman  of  the  committee  on  business.  After  many 
stirring  speeches,  it  was  resolved  to  ask  the  legislature 
to  assist  in  building  the  road,  and  also  to  address  the 
people  of  Richmond  and  the  people  along  the  proposed 
route,  so  as  to  get  them  to  take  stock. 

Rev.  John  Early,  F.  B.  Deane,  Jr.,  Judge  Willliam 
Daniel,  Colonel  M.  Langhorne,  Jr.,  R.  K.  Cralle  and  R. 


142  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

G.  Morris  were  appointed  to  confer  with  Richmond, 
They  did  so,  but  only  to  meet  with  another  disappoint- 
ment. Richmond  replied  that  they  would  extend  the 
Danville  road  to  Salem  and  touch  the  canal  at  Buch- 
anan, and  thus  leave  Lynchburg  alone.  Almost  any 
other  place  would  have  given  up  under  this  discourage- 
ment, but  Lynchburg's  energy  and  persistency  could 
stand  even  this.  The  motto  was,  "We  must  have  a 
railroad,  and  it  must  start  from  Lynchburg,"  and  dis- 
couragements seemed  to  feed  the  flame  of  desire.  At 
a  meeting  held  in  November  it  was  determined  to 
ignore  Richmond  and  build  a  road.  Soon  afterward 
the  subscription  books  were  opened  at  Henry  Davis' 
store  and  a  large  amount  of  stock  taken,  but  not 
enough  to  build  the  road ;  so  that  it  was  decided  to  ask 
the  town  of  seven  thousand,  six  hundred  inhabitants  to 
take  a  half  million  dollars'  worth  of  the  stock.  What 
nerve  !  December  12,  1847,  was  the  day  set  to  decide 
the  question.  The  tide  was  at  flood  and  the  people 
must  serve  now  or  lose  their  venture.  The  citizens 
arose  to  the  occasion,  and  when  the  polls  closed  three 
hundred  and  forty-three  had  voted  for  the  subscription 
and  thirty-two  against.  The  town  was  in  ecstasies  over 
the  result,  and  appointed  Rev.  John  Early  to  ask  the 
legislature  to  legalize  this  subscription  to  the  Richmond 
and  Ohio  road.  The  bill  was  passed  January  18,  1848. 
The  plucky  little  town  tussled  heroically  with  the 
great  problem,  and  seemed  so  determined  that  nothing 
could  loose  its  hold  upon  it.  It  was  proposed  to  change 
the  name  of  the  road  and  ask  again  for  help  from  the 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        143 

State,  and  Lynchburg  had  great  hope  of  recovering 
the  position  of  fifteen  years  ago,  when  the  canal  de- 
feated the  railroad.  The  Senate  reported  a  bill  to 
charter  the  East  Tennessee  and  Virginia  railroad,  and 
the  House  reported  a  bill  for  the  Lynchburg  and  Ten- 
nessee road.  Both  bills  were  defeated,  because  of  the 
amount  the  State  had  to  subscribe.  Some  said  the  mat- 
ter was  settled  now ;  there  would  be  no  railroad  for 
Lynchburg.  But  they  did  not  know  this  people.  The 
clause  in  regard  to  the  State's  aid  was  stricken  out,  and 
March  24,  1848,  the  road  was  incorporated.  Nearly  a 
million  dollars  had  to  be  subscribed  by  June  1,  or  the 
charter  would  be  forfeited. 

Now  Lynchburg  was  to  prove  what  it  could  do.  The 
incorporators,  Henry  Davis,  John  G.  Meem,  Charles 
Henry  Lynch,  John  R.  McDaniel  and  Samuel  Mc- 
Corkle,  called  a  public  meeting  at  the  Universalist 
church.  Rev.  John  Early  was  chairman.  Speeches  were 
made  urging  the  people  to  secure  the  charter  before 
June.  Resolutions  were  passed  thanking  Charles  L. 
Mosby  and  General  O.  G.  Clay,  our  representatives  in 
the  legislature,  for  their  faithful  service,  and  requesting 
the  mayor  to  take  the  vote  on  the  town's  subscribing 
$500,000  worth  of  stock,  or  guaranteeing  six  per  cent, 
on  that  amount.  The  vote  was  taken,  and  resulted  in 
two  hundred  and  ninety-two  for  and  thirty-four  against 
the  subscription. 

Monday,  May  22,  the  subscription  books  were 
opened  in  the  Masonic  hall.  At  3  p.  m,  all  the  stores 
closed,  and  the  people  went  to  work  in  earnest.     By 


144  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

June  1,  more  than  enough  had  been  subscribed  and  the 
charier  was  secured.  Now  Lyucliburg  was  where  it 
was  in  1835. 

July  20,  the  company  was  organized,  and  Colonel 
Dimmock  was  selected  to  make  the  survey. 

Certainly  Lynchburg  had  made  a  brave  fight  for  its 
railroad,  and  deserved  to  succeed ;  but  even  yet  the 
question  was  not  settled.  March  6,  1849,  a  bill  was 
passed  by  the  legislature  changing  the  name  of  the 
road  to  the  Virginia  and  Tennessee  road,  and  authoriz- 
ing a  large  subscription  to  the  stock  on  behalf  of  the 
State.  This  made  the  Virginia  and  Tennessee  road  an 
assured  fact,  and  it  was  organized,  with  General  O.  G. 
Clay,  president ;  F.  B.  Deane,  vice-president ;  F.  G. 
Morrison,  treasurer ;  Colonel  Garnett,  chief  engineer ; 
and  Henry  Davis,  F.  B.  Deane,  Thomas  J.  Boyd,  B. 
F.  Wysor,  and  Charles  H.  Lynch,  directors.  Propo- 
sals for  building  the  first  section,  Lynchburg  to  Salem, 
were  advertised  for  October  11,  and  the  property  at 
the  end  of  the  bridge  on  wliich  the  old  ferry  house  stood 
was  bought  for  a  depot. 

The  people  now  felt  the  joy  of  victory,  and  hoped 
soon  to  hear  the  hills  echo  with  the  sound  of  the  loco- 
motive whistle.  But  another  step  must  be  taken. 
Even  a  railroad  could  not  be  without  having  thrown 
around  it  some  of  that  savor  of  human  life,  sentiment. 
A  public  meeting  was  called  December  10,  at  the 
Masonic  hall,  John  G.  Meera,  chairman.  Charles  W. 
Christian  offered  this  resolution  : 

"  Whereas,  The  citizens  of  Lynchburg  desire  publicly  to  mani- 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  145 

fest  theii-  joy  on  the  commencement  of  the  Virginia  and  Tennessee 
railroad,  and  usage  of  the  age  having  sanctioned  solemn  and  interest- 
ing ceremonies  on  occasions  of  this  kind, 

Resolved,  1.  That  we  find  out  when  the  work  will  begin. 

2.  That  a  committee  be  appointed  to  invite  the  Governor,  the 
Board  of  Public  Works  and  the  General  Assembly. 

3.  That  a  committee  on  arrangements  be  appointed,  which  shall 
have  full  charge  of  the  affair." 

The  resolutions  were  heartily  passed,  and  R.  K. 
Cralle,  Judge  D.  A.  Wilson,  Edward  Matthews,  John 
M.  Otey,  F.  B.  Deane,  Jr.,  John  M.  Warwick  and  C. 
H.  Lynch,  were  named  as  the  committee. 

As  giving  expression  to  the  feeling  of  the  people,  I 
quote  a  portion  of  an  editorial  written  at  this  time  : 

"  Some  time  back  a  mass-meeting  of  fifty  or  sixty  gathered  at 
Kyle's  comer  to  take  steps  for  a  railroad.  They  were  called  cracked- 
brained  enthusiasts.  But  what  have  they  done?  What  towa  of 
eight  thousand  inhabitants,  and  many  of  them  slaves,  has  ever  be- 
fore assumed  a  debt  of  half-million  for  such  a  work  ?  Our  fellow- 
citizens  have  done  their  duty  like  men.  They  Avill  in  due  time  reap 
a  rich  reward.  Already,  in  anticipation  of  it,  oiu-  streets  present  in- 
creased bustle  and  activity.  It  will  be  a  proud  era  in  our  town 
when  some  day  in  the  autum  of  1851  the  iron  horse  is  seen  entering 
our  depot  with  a  long  train  of  cars  at  his  heels,  filled  with  the  pro- 
ducts of  the  counties  beyond  the  Ridge.  It  will  be  a  prouder  era 
when,  some  three  or  foiu-  years  later,  fi-eight  and  passengers  leaving 
Tennessee  before  sunrise  will  arrive  here  before  sunset." 


CHAPTER  VIII. 

Wednesday,  January  16, 1 850,  was  a  day  long  to  be 
remembered  in  the  history  of  Lynchburg.  It  was  bitter 
cold,  and  the  ground  was  covered  with  snow,  but  this 
had  no  effect  upon  the  citizens,  who  were  so  heated  by 
enthusiasm  that  little  heed  was  given  to  the  weather. 
At  eleven  o'clock  a  large  crowd  gathered  in  front  of  the 
Masonic  hall,  and  when  Governor  John  B.  Floyd  ar- 
rived he  was  greeted  with  a  loud  cheer.  A  procession 
was  formed,  headed  by  the  Governor,  General  O.  G. 
Glay,  president  of  the  Virginia  and  Tennessee  railroad, 
and  W.  P.  Tunstall,  president  of  the  Richmond  and 
Danville  railroad.  Then  followed  the  orators,  clergy, 
directors  of  the  new  road,  military  companies,  city 
officers  and  citizens  on  foot.  The  line  of  march  was  to 
Fifth,  then  down  ISIain  to  Ninth  and  down  Ninth  to  the 
cotton  mill  near.  Eighth  and  Jefferson.  When  the 
crowd  had  gathered  it  was  announced  that  the  exercises 
would  be  opened  with  prayer  by  the  Rev.  Jolm  Early. 
Mr.  Early,  standing  on  the  bridge  which  connected 
Jefferson  street  with  the  cotton  mill,  lifted  his  hands 
and  called  the  assembly  to  prayer.  As  soon  as  quiet 
was  secured  he  reached  into  his  high  beaver  hat  and 
took  out  a  prayer,  which  he  had  written.  Just  as  he 
was  about  to  read,  old  Uncle  Pomp,  a  slave  standing 
near,  in  the  surprise  of  the  moment,  forgot  himself  and 
exclaimed  :  "  Dur,  who-eer  heurd  de  Lord  writ  to  'fore 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        147 

'bout  de  railroad."  The  preacher  had  to  pause  a  while 
for  the  ripple  of  merriment  to  pass,  and  then  he  pro- 
ceeded to  read  the  prayer.  Hon.  James  K.  Irvine  was 
introduced,  and  made  the  speech  of  the  occasion.  He 
was  followed  by  General  Clay  and  C.  F.  Garnett. 
Governor  Floyd  responded  in  a  short  speech,  and  the 
party  descended  to  the  ground  in  front  of  the  mill. 
General  Clay  handed  the  Governor  a  spade,  and  he  threw 
up  the  first  spade  of  dirt  in  the  construction  of  Lynch- 
burg's first  railroad,  the  Virginia  and  Tennessee.  Then 
the  president,  directors,  engineer  of  the  road  and  many, 
citizens  followed,  each  throwing  out  a  spade  of  dirt. 
In  the  meantime  the  crowd  cheered,  and  the  Mechanics' 
Artillery,  under  Captain  Shields,  fired  a  salute. 

At  night  a  banquet  was  given  at  Dibrell's,  afterward 
the  City  Hotel,  corner  Main  and  Sixth  streets.  Judge 
Daniel  A.  Wilson  presided,  and  Robert  J.  Davis,  Seth 
Halsey,  J.  H.  Tyree,  R.  H.  Glass,  J.  M.  Speed,  F.  B. 
Deane,  Jr.,  Dr.  James  Saunders  and  others  responded 
to  toasts. 

Thus  did  Lynchburg  celebrate  the  beginning  of  an 
enterprise  for  which  it  had  earnestly  labored  for  nearly 
twenty  years. 

The  road  from  Petersburg  to  Lynchburg  was  now 
under  contract,  and  the  subscription  books  had  been 
opened  in  the  town.  A  number  of  the  citizens  took 
stock,  but  the  corporation  did  not  subscribe.  The 
railroads  were  the  absorbing  topic  at  this  time.  A 
heated  controversy,  lasting  for  several  months,  was 
carried  on  in  the  papers  as  to  whether  the  rails  for  the 


148  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Virginia  and  Tennessee  road  should  be  made  here  or 
bought  in  England. 

The  effects  of  the  railroad  upon  the  industrial  in- 
terest of  the  town  were  very  great.  Property  was  in- 
creasing in  value,  and  business  was  better  than  it  had 
been  for  years.  The  capital  employed  in  manufactur- 
ing was  $795,800,  and  the  number  of  hands  engaged 
was  two  thousand,  two  hundred  and  eighty-one.  The 
magnetic  telegraph  had  been  invented,  and  Lynchburg 
was  endeavoring  to  establish  a  line  between  here  and 
Richmond.  The  census  this  year  showed  a  large  in- 
crease in  population.     The  figures  were  : 


White  males,     .     .     . 

.     2,335 

Slaves,  male,     .     . 

.     .     2,061 

White  female,  .     .     . 

.     1,843 

Slaves,  female,  .     . 

.     .     1,341 

Free  black  males,  .     . 

223 

Free  black  females,     . 

2G8 

Total,  .... 

.     .     8,071 

An  increase  of  1,676  over  1840. 

At  this  time  a  night-watch  was  established  and  a  law 
passed  requiring  the  courthouse  bell  to  be  rung  at  9  and 
9:30  p.  M.,  at  which  time  all  slaves,  free  negroes  and 
mulattoes  had  to  retire  to  their  homes  or  be  punished 
by  the  mayor.  This  was  done  because  of  the  constant 
agitation  of  the  slavery  question,  and  for  fear  of  an  in- 
surrection. To  further  protect  themselves,  the  Lynch- 
burg Southern  Rights  Association  was  organized,  wdth 
R.  G.  Morris,  president ;  C.  PI.  Lynch,  vice-president, 
and  J.  W.  Morgan  and  R.  L.  Kent,  secretaries. 

Lynchburg  held  fast  to  its  old  custom  of  honoring 
the  distinguished  dead.  A  meetinsr  was  held  in  honor 
of  John  C.  Calhoun,  and  addressed  by  R.  K.  Cralle. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        149 

July  9,  President  Zacharj  Taylor  died  at  the  White 
House,  and  when  the  news  reached  here,  Mayor  Seth 
Halsey  called  a  public  meeting  to  arrange  for  suitable 
services.  August  3  was  selected,  and  when  the  day 
arrived  business  was  suspended  from  ten  to  one  o'clock, 
the  bells  of  the  town  tolled,  a  salute  was  fired,  and  the 
houses  were  draped  in  mourning.  A  hearse,  drawn  by 
six  black  horses,  led  the  procession,  then  came  the 
veterans  of  the  Mexican  war,  temperance  organizations, 
hose  company,  military  companies,  citizens,  etc.  They 
marched  to  the  Third  Street  Methodist  church,  where 
the  Rev.  George  W.  Langhorne  conducted  the  religious 
services  and  N.  H.  Campbell  delivered  the  address. 

The  events  of  1851  were  none  the  less  interesting 
than  those  of  the  previous  year.  Every  one  was  re- 
marking upon  the  prosperity  of  the  town,  but  with  it 
came  many  drawbacks.  Some  expert  robbers  were 
abroad  in  the  community.  Calhoun  &  Holt's  dry  goods 
store  had  been  robbed,  the  safe  of  Thurman  &  School- 
field  had  been  blown  open,  as  had  others,  and  private 
houses  were  entered.  It  seemed  as  if  nothing  were  safe, 
and  the  people  did  not  know  what  to  do  with  their  money 
and  valuables.  The  worst  part  was  that  the  officers 
were  unal^le  to  capture  the  thief  or  thieves.  Saturday 
night,  May  10,  several  gentlemen  were  sitting  up  with 
the  remains  of  Dr.  Stevens,  who  had  died  at  his  resi- 
dence, corner  Church  and  Tenth  streets.  About  day 
they  saw  a  man  sneak  from  behind  the  Methodist 
church  and  go  into  the  lot  of  Friend's  warehouse. 
Officer  Reid  was  told  of  it,  and  he  proceeded  to  the 


150  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

place  and  arrested  a  white  man.  Before  he  had  gone 
far  with  him  he  broke  and  ran,  and,  being  closely  pur- 
sued, ran  into  the  river  at  the  pump-house.  Major  Tal- 
bot secured  a  boat  and  arrested  him.  Search  was  in- 
stituted, and  behind  the  Methodist  church  there  was 
found  a  large  quantity  of  goods,  a  considerable  sum  of 
money,  a  complete  set  of  burglar's  tools,  and  other 
things.  Poage,  for  that  was  the  robber's  name,  was  tried 
and  sentenced  to  the  penitentiary.  He  was  caught  just  in 
time,  for  he  had  arranged  a  candle  in  the  belfry  of  the 
church,  which  he  intended  to  light,  setting  fire  to  the 
church,  and  Mobile  the  people  were  engaged  at  the  fire 
he  purposed  blowing  open  the  safe  and  robbing  the 
Virginia  Bank.  Lynchburg  heaved  a  sigh  of  relief 
when  this  professional  burglar  was  safe  behind  tlie 
prison  bars. 

William  M.  Blackford  had  retired  from  the  Virgin- 
ian to  accept  the  position  of  postmaster.  Townley, 
Shields  &  Co.  succeeded  him,  and  they  were  succeeded 
by  A.  W.  C.  Terry  and  John  C.  Shields.  The  Vir- 
ginian was  the  Whig  organ,  while  the  Republican, 
under  Glass  &  Hardwicke,  represented  the  Democrats, 
and  sometimes  bitter  feeling  was  aroused  by  political  dis- 
cussions in  these  papers.  These  were  the  days  of  duels, 
and  high-spirfted  men  quickly  resented  what  they  did 
not  like. 

It  was  Thursday,  June  5,  when  the  beauty  of  early 
summer  crowned  the  surrounding  hills,  and  the  people 
with  quiet  joy  hailed  the  calm,  peaceful  day.  But  before 
the  morning  hour  of  eight  had  passed  the  town  was 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE. 


151 


shrouded  in  2:loom.  James  D.  Saunders  had  taken 
offence  at  a  piece  that  appeared  in  the  Virginian,  and 
on  this  fatal  day  he  and  A.  W.  C.  Terry  met  in  front 
of  the  market  house  and  began  firing  at  each  other,  and 
continued  until  both  were  mortally  wounded.  A.  F. 
Biggers,  chief  of  police,  attempted  to  stop  it,  and  he 
was  twice  wounded.  Mr.  Saunders  died  at  five  that 
afternoon,  and  Mr.  Terry  lingered  until  Sunday,  the 
8th.  Great  was  the  grief  produced  by  the  sad  death  of 
these  esteemed  citizens,  and  the  deepest  sympathy  was 
expressed  for  the  bereaved. 

Lynchburg  was  in  a  building  era,  and  it  was  time ; 
for  the  market  house  was  an  eyesore,  the  courthouse  a 
disgrace,  the  slanting  cellar  doors  on  the  sidewalks  a 
nuisance,  and  the  tar-barrel  worse,  for  along  Bridge 
street,  from  Main  to  the  depot,  buried  on  the  sidewalk 
in  front  of  each  door,  was  a  tar-barrel,  with  a  hole 
large  enough  to  get  a  measure  into,  in  order  to  fill  the 
wagoner's  tar-bucket.  A  good  many  brick  buildings 
of  no  architectual  beauty  had  taken  the  place  of  frame 
houses,  with  the  gable  end  to  the  street.  The  Franklin 
seemed  to  set  the  style  for  brick  houses,  and  it  had  only 
a  given  number  of  rectangular  walls,  a  conical  roof, 
and  the  requisite  number  of  chimneys,  doors  and  win- 
dows. The  building  fever  appears  especially  to  have 
taken  the  churches.  The  Methodist  Protestant  church, 
under  the  pastorate  of  Rev.  W.  W.  Walker,  was  re- 
paired the  summer  before,  and  now  four  new  churches 
were  under  construction.  A  number  of  Methodists  had 
,branched  off  from  the  Third  Street  church,  with  the 


152  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

intention  of  building  a  new  church  on  the  corner  of 
Court  and  Seventh  streets.  A  lot  was  purchased  from 
Jesse  Hare  for  one  thousand  dollars,  and  the  work  be- 
gun. The  building  cost  about  nineteen  thousand  dol- 
lars, and  was  dedicated  Sunday,  June  29.  The  morn- 
ing sermon  was  preached  by  Rev.  John  Early,  the 
afternoon  by  Eev.  George  W.  Langhorne,  the  first  pas- 
tor, and  at  night  by  John  C.  Granbery.  The  first 
board  of  stewards  was  Richard  G.  Morris,  Ambrose 
Rucker,  William  L.  Saunders,  James  L.  Brown,  E.  D. 
Christian,  and  George  G.  Curie.  The  church  was  or- 
ganized with  sixty  members,  and  about  the  same  num- 
ber of  Sunday-school  scholars. 

The  Episcopal  church,  built  in  1825,  had  been  pulled 
down,  and  on  June  11,  1850,  the  corner-stone  of  a  new 
church  was  laid.  Rev.  W.  H.  Kinckle,  the  rector,  who 
succeeded  Rev.  Thomas  Atkinson  in  the  summer  of 
1843,  made  the  address.  This  church  was  completed 
and  dedicated  November  3,  Bishop  John  Johns  preach- 
ing the  sermon.  The  officers  were  :  S.  W.  Shelton  and 
J.  M.  Boyd,  wardens ;  W.  M.  Blackford,  Henry  A. 
Christian,  J.  L.  Claytor,  P.  H.  Gilmer,  Seth  Halsey, 
J.  W.  Hobson,  Dr.  Henry  Latham,  W.  \V.  Mosby,  S. 
Poindexter  and  A.  Tompkins,  vestrymen. 

The  corner-stone  of  a  new  Baptist  church  was  laid, 
November  12,  on  the  site  of  the  old  one,  which  stood 
on  Church,  near  Ninth  street.  AVork  had  also  been 
begun  on  the  Second  Presbyterian  church,  on  the  cor- 
ner of  Ninth  and  Church  streets. 

There  were  other  important  improvements  of  this 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        153 

year.  In  July  an  election  had  been  held  to  decide 
whether  a  new  courthouse  should  be  built,  and  a  large 
majority  voted  in  the  affirmative.  The  old  frame 
Friends'  warehouse  had  been  pulled  down  and  a  new 
brick  one  was  being  built.  August  14,  the  Richmond 
and  Abingdon  Telegraph  Company  was  organized,  with 
F.  B.  Deane,  Jr.,  president,  and  W.  M.  Blackford,  sec- 
retary and  treasurer.  The  Lynchburg  Gaslight  Com- 
pany was  started — J.  R.  McDaniel,  president ;  C.  W. 
Christian,  secretary.  They  were  to  furnish  light  at  six 
cents  a  burner  a  night,  and  one  burner  was  guaranteed 
to  give  more  light  than  ten  candles.  The  company  did 
not  begin  work  on  their  plant,  however,  until  June  next 
year. 

This  was  an  eventful  year  even  to  the  last,  for  late 
in  December  the  canal  was  opened  from  Lynchburg  to 
Buchanan.  The  people  were  amazed ;  railroads,  tele- 
graph, and  gas-light.     What  would  come  next? 

The  year  1852  was  destined  to  bring  as  many  notable 
events  as  either  of  its  predecessors.  The  first  was  on 
February  18,  when  the  hills  were  first  awaked  by  the 
scream  of  a  locomotive  whistle.  On  this  day  the  "  Vir- 
ginia," the  first  engine  on  the  Virginia  and  Tennessee 
road,  was  out  "  exercising."  Great  crowds  gathered  to 
witness  the  strange  sight,  for  few  had  ever  before  seen 
a  locomotive.  When  it  started  up  the  road  the  people 
cheered,  and  a  wag  of  the  town  started  to  run  after  it. 
He  saw  it  disappear  in  the  tunnel,  and  then  returned. 
The  crowd  laughed  and  jeered  at  him.  He  replied, 
"  If  I  didn't  catch  the  thing,  I  ran  it  in  its  hole." 


154  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Later  an  excursion  was  run  to  Forest,  and  on  April  1 
the  road  was  formally  opened  to  Liberty.  The  cars, 
which  were  made  by  F.  B.  Deane,  Jr.,  at  the  Piedmont 
Works,  were  considered  very  elegant,  and  perhaps  they 
were  for  that  time. 

In  May  the  corporate  limits  were  extended,  but  very 
little  more  was  added  to  the  town  besides  that  taken  in 
by  the  extension  of  January,  1826,  when  the  ground 
between  Lynch  street  and  the  river  was  incorporated. 

The  people  stopped  July  29,  to  honor  the  memory 
or  Henry  Clay,  who  had  died  one  month  before.  Busi- 
ness was  closed  from  8  a.  m.  to  2  p.  m.,  and  an  oration 
was  delivered  at  the  Third  Street  Methodist  church. 

Lynchburg's  first  daily  paper  was  started  August  10. 
It  was  the  Virginian,  then  edited  by  James  McDonald. 
Many  said  that  it  would  soon  fail,  because  a  town  could 
not  support  a  daily  paper.  They  were  false  prophets. 
The  daily  was  in  the  town  only  seventeen  days,  for  on 
August  27  the  revised  charter  was  adopted  and  Lynch- 
burg became  a  city.  The  city's  birth  was  celebrated  in 
a  novel  way.  Its  birth-day  might  be  called  dog-day 
as  well,  for  the  city  was  born  amid  hundreds  of  dead 
dogs. 

The  market  house  had  become  the  rendezvous  for 
the  town  and  country  dogs  (that  was  all  it  was  fit  for), 
and  the  streets  were  made  their  parade  grounds. 
Charles  W.  Christian  introduced  an  ordinance  in  the 
council  taxing  dogs,  and  also  authoriziug  the  police  to 
kill  any  they  saw  without  their  owner.  The  ordinance 
was  passed,  and  the  police  immediately  put  it  in  force, 


LYJSCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  155 

and  they  did  their  work  thoroughly,  carrying  out  the 
very  letter  of  the  law ;  for  everywhere  there  was  a 
dead  dog,  on  the  streets  and  in  their  owners'  lots.  They 
had  been  shot  and  poisoned  to  such  an  extent  that  it 
seemed  as  if  the  seven  plagues  had  struck  the  dog  colony. 
The  owners  raged,  and  as  soon  as  possible  the  policemen, 
who  had  acted  as  dog-slayers,  were  arrested  and  brought 
before  the  mayor.  A  great  crowd  attended  the  trial, 
and  when  the  men  were  sent  to  jail,  cheer  after  cheer 
arose,  and  tar-barrels  were  burnt  in  front  of  the  mayor's 
office. 

This  was  but  the  beginning  of  the  dog  troubles. 
On  the  night  of  the  27th,  some  citizens  disguised  as 
Indians  carried  dead  dogs  on  a  litter  and  placed  them 
in  the  yards  of  the  councilmen.  Mr.  Christian,  the 
patron  of  the  bill,  came  in  for  his  special  share.  Next 
morning  the  following  card  appeared  in  the  paper : 

City  of  Lynchburg,  11  o'clock  Friday  night, 

August  27,  1852. 
3Ir.  Editor : — Our  revised  charter  making  the  town  of  LjTichburg 
a  city  went  into  operation  to-day.  It  will  doubtless  be  interesting 
abroad  to  know  how  the  occasion  was  celebrated.  Our  streets  have 
been  prowled  through  to-night  by  a  band  of  about  fifty  of  the 
"  Creek  Tribe,"  bearing  in  mournful  procession  the  lifeless  body  of 
one  of  their  companions  (a  dog).  The  procession  halted  in  front  of 
my  residence  about  10  o'clock,  just  as  the  family  were  retiring  for 
the  night,  and  called  for  a  speech.  Some  howled  like  wolves,  some 
barked  like  spaniels  and  others  yelped  like  frightened  puppies. 
After  addressing  them  as  a  pack  of  puppies  that  had  great  need  of 
dread  of  the  operation  of  the  dog  law,  I  retired  into  the  house, 
when,  as  if  apprehending  some  danger,  they  suddenly  broke  and  dis- 
persed in  great  confusion,  leaving  the  carcass  of  their  deceased  com- 
rade alone  and  exposed  in  the  street.     Except  the  throwing  of  sticks 


156  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

and  stones  at  my  palings  and  window  blinds,  the  firing  of  a  few 
pistols,  frightening  the  females  of  my  family,  and  the  annoyance  to  the 
neighborhood,  I  know  of  no  damage,  unless  the  shins  of  the  crowd 
suffered  in  their  tumultuous  stampede. 

Charles  "VV.  Christian. 

Trouble  increased.  The  city  council  held  a  called 
meeting.  Present :  John  M.  Otey,  president ;  Samp- 
son Diuguid,  Thomas  O.  Acree,  Jesse  Hare,  Henry 
Davis,  John  R.  McDaniel,  C.  W.  Christian,  T.  D.  Jen- 
nings, William  P.  Taliaferro,  George  G.  Curie,  William 
Crumpton  and  John  Carey.  After  a  formal  statement 
of  the  grievances,  it  was  decided  that  the  laying  of  dog 
corpses  in  their  front  yards  was  an  insult  to  the  honor- 
able body.  A  new  election  was  ordered  immediately, 
and  all  hands  resigned.  The  idea  of  a  city  without  a 
council  stirred  the  citizens  so  that  they  called  a  public 
meeting  for  August  30  in  the  Methodist  Protestant 
church.  Charles  H.  Lynch  was  chairman.  Judge 
Daniel  A.  Wilson,  John  M.  Speed  and  George  Perci- 
val  made  feeling  and  appropriate  speeches.  Resolu- 
tions were  passed  deprecating  the  behavior  of  the  "  In- 
dians" in  front  of  the  councilmen's  residences,  and 
earnestly  requesting  the  gentlemen  to  recall  their  resig- 
nation. 

Another  called  meeting  of  the  council  was  held  next 
day,  and  Charles  H.  Lynch  presented  the  action  of 
the  citizens'  meeting.  This  was  as  oil  upon  the  turbu- 
lent waters,  and  the  honorable  body  rescinded  their 
former  action  and  recalled  the  order  for  a  new  election. 

The  closing  scene  of  the  comedy  was  in  the  Circuit 
court,  whither  the  case  against  the  policemen  had  been 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        157 

appealed  from  the  Hustings  court.  Major  James  Gar- 
land appeared  for  the  Commonwealth,  and  Judge  Daniel 
Wilson  and  N.  H.  Campbell  for  the  dog-slayers.  Thus 
closed  the  dog-fight  that  heralded  the  birth  of  the  Hill 
City. 

The  railroad  was  now  experiencing  a  new  trouble. 
There  seemed  to  be  some  defect  about  the  locomotives, 
nearly  all  of  those  purchased  having  blown  up.  The 
first  was  the  "Lynchburg,"  which  blew  up  about  a 
mile  from  Forest  and  killed  a  man  named  AVood,  from 
Boston,  and  Henry  Long,  of  this  place. 

The  Second  Presbyterian  church,  corner  of  Ninth 
street,  was  finished  this  year,  and  on  October  21  the 
Presbyterian  Synod  of  Virginia,  New  School,  met  here. 
Kev.  C.  R.  Vaughan,  pastor  of  the  First  church,  was 
invited  to  a  seat  in  the  body.  The  pastors  of  the  church 
since  Rev.  Jacob  D.  Mitchell  were :  Rev.  John  L. 
Kirkpatrick,  to  April,  1841;  Rev.  Stephen  Taylor, 
stated  supply,  to  March,  '42  ;  Rev.  Edward  H.  Cump- 
ton,  to  '47  ;  Rev.  E.  G.  Newlin,  '48  to  July,  '52  ;  from 
August,  '52,  Rev.  Jacob  D.  Mitchell  again. 

Rev.  A.  Doniphan  was  closing  a  successful  work  at 
the  Methodist  Protestant  church.  The  new  Baptist 
church  was  not  completed  until  next  year,  and  was 
dedicated  March  13,  the  pastor.  Rev.  J.  L.  Prichard, 
preaching  the  sermon. 

Daniel  Webster  died  October  24,  and  a  meeting  was 
called  to  arrange  for  suitable  services.  Robert  J.  Davis 
was  appointed  to  deliver  the  oration,  and,  after  post- 
poning it  several  times  on  account  of  the  weather,  he 


158  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

delivered  it,  January  6,  in  the  Methodist  Protestant 
church. 

It  was  announced  that  two  new  papers  would  be 
started,  the  Temperance  Reformer  and  the  Express.  In 
February,  E.  H.  Glass  left  the  Republican  to  accept 
the  position  of  postmaster. 

The  Franklin  hotel,  so  closely  connected  with  Lynch- 
burg for  a  long  time,  passed  away  April  1,  when 
Thomas  Rosser  refitted  the  place  and  opened  it  as  the 
Norvell  House.  An  old  land-mark  was  about  to  pass 
away  also.  The  citizens  had  voted  for  a  new  court- 
house, and  after  much  discussion  had  decided  to  build 
it  on  the  site  of  the  old  one.  The  May  term  of  the 
Hustings  court  was  the  last  held  in  the  old  building. 
After  that  it  was  torn  down  to  make  place  for  the  new 
one. 

Along  with  these  and  other  things  connected  with  the 
early  history  of  the  town,  passed  away  one  of  the  oldest 
and  best  citizens.  Rev.  W.  S.  Reid,  or  Father  Reid,  as 
he  was  affectionately  called,  died  June  21,  at  the  good 
age  of  seventy-six.  He  did  much  for  the  town  as  a 
preacher,  teacher  and  public  citizen.  He  gave  the  ground 
and  built  the  first  Presbyterian  church  in  Lynchburg. 
His  funeral  took  place  from  the  church  he  had  served  so 
long  on  the  afternoon  of  the  25th,  Rev.  C.  R.  Vaughan, 
the  pastor,  preaching  the  funeral  sermon.  Business  was 
suspended  from  4  to  6  o'clock,  and  a  great  concourse  of 
people  followed  the  remains  to  the  Presbyterian  ceme- 
tery, where  they  were  laid  to  rest. 

The  next  Sunday  nearly  every  minister  in  the  city 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        159 

spoke  of  him  from  his  pulpit.  Rev.  W.  H.  Kinckle 
said  :  "  I  have  known  Dr.  Reid  for  ten  years.  I  never 
saw  him  in  any  other  temper  than  that  I  want  to  be  in 
the  last  moment  of  my  life.  I  have  lost  a  friend  whose 
character,  beautiful  with  the  reflected  graces  of  his 
Lord,  was  a  model  I  delight  to  study." 

The  Virginia  Conference  met  at  Court  Street  church, 
October  26,  Bishop  Payne  presiding. 

A  hand  fire  engine,  the  "  McDauiel,"  was  purchased 
by  the  city  as  a  further  protection  against  fire. 

Two  improvements  were  introduced  early  in  1854, 
both  of  which  added  greatly  to  the  comfort  of  living. 
The  fire-place  with  its  hangers,  hooks,  pots,  skillets 
and  other  instruments,  was  passing  away  to  make  place 
for  the  cooking  stove.  The  slaves  found  much  diffi- 
culty handling  the  "  new  thing,"  and  in  truth  they 
rather  objected  to  its  introduction,  because  when  it  put 
fire-place  cooking  out  of  use,  that  king  of  the  kitchen 
they  loved  so  well,  the  ash  cake,  Avent  with  it.  The 
other  was  gas  in  the  houses.  True,  there  was  much 
tearing  of  walls  and  floors  to  put  in  the  pipes,  but  what 
was  this  when  it  was  remembered  that  there  was  to  be 
no  more  snuffing  of  dips  and  candles  which  rather 
made  darkness  visible  than  gave  light.  Then,  too, 
gas  posts  were  erected  on  Main  and  Church  streets,  and 
on  May  16  these  streets  were  "brilliantly  lighted." 
When  the  Episcopal  Council  met  here  two  days  after- 
wards the  citizens  were  proud  to  show  the  lighted 
streets  which  only  cities  could  afiord. 

It  was  during  this  month  that  a  citizen  of  Lynch- 


160  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

burg,  who  had  been  promineDt  in  all  of  its  affairs,  was 
greatly  honored  by  his  church.  Rev.  John  Early  was 
elected  a  Bishop  in  the  Methodist  Episcopal  Church, 
South,  at  the  General  Conference  then  in  session  at 
Columbus,  Ga.  He  joined  the  church  in  1804  under 
Stith  Mead,  was  ordained  a  deacon  by  Bishop  Asbury 
in  1809,  and  an  elder  by  Bishop  McKendree  in  1811. 
Early  in  life  he  came  to  Lynchburg,  where  he  spent  the 
rest  of  his  days. 

The  money  question  gave  the  city  a  great  deal  of 
trouble.  Much  to  the  annoyance  of  the  people,  the 
place  was  deluged  with  small  notes  and  notes  for  a  frac- 
tional part  of  a  dollar,  issued  by  banks  and  private  per- 
sons, called  "  shinplasters."  A  public  meeting  was  called 
May  31  to  take  such  action  as  would  bring  relief.  W.  T. 
Yancey  was  chairman.  After  several  statements  of  the 
trouble,  the  meeting  resolved  that  small  note  currency 
was  an  evil ;  that  they  would  discountenance  the  use  of 
notes  under  five  dollars  and  all  ^'shinplasters,"  and  that 
after  June  they  would  not  receive  any  bank  note  under 
five  dollars.  This  had  the  desired  eft'ect,  and  in  a  short 
while  nearly  all  small  notes  disappeared. 

Now  that  Lynchburg  had  secured  one  railroad  it 
seemed  easy  to  get  others.  Already,  at  a  public  meet- 
ing called  by  Mayor  Branch,  fifty-three  citizens  had 
been  appointed  to  canvass  for  subscriptions  to  extend 
the  Orange  and  Alexandria  road  to  this  place.  An 
effort  was  now  being  made  to  get  the  city  to  subscribe 
one  hundred  thousand  dollars.  This  was  not  success- 
ful, but  enough  private  citizens  took  stock  to  secure  the 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE. 


IGl 


enterprise,  and  Blackwater  warehouse  was  bought  for 
the  depot. 

Work  on  the  Southside  road  had  been  rapidly  pro- 
gressing, and  at  2:30  p.  m.,  November  2,  the  first  train 
reached  here  over  that  road — that  is,  it  reached  the 
Island  depot,  for  this  was  its  entrance  into  the  city.  It 
was  not  allowed  to  connect  with  the  Virginia  and  Ten- 
nessee road,  for  all  cars  had  to  break  bulk  here  and  the 
freight  be  hauled  in  wagons  over  the  bridge  near  Hurt's 
mill,  and  thence  to  the  boat  landing  and  the  other 
depot.  A  meeting  was  called  at  the  Norvell  House  to 
arrange  for  a  celebration  at  the  opening  of  the  new 
road,  but  it  never  came  off,  for  a  railroad  had  become 
rather  a  common  thing. 

Every  year  brought  some  marked  improvement  in 
the  new  city.  In  January,  1855,  a  large  public  hall 
was  opened  over  Friends'  w^arehouse,  and  called,  in 
honor  of  the  owner,  Dudley  Hall.  This  was  much 
needed,  as  the  population  was  increasing.  Henry  A. 
Wise  christened  the  new  hall  with  a  long  speech,  in 
w^hich  he  announced  many  reasons  why  he  should  be 
made  governor  of  Virginia. 

Colonel  William  A.  Talbot,  who  left  here  and  organized 
a  company  for  service  in  the  Mexican  war,  died  in  this 
city  February  19.  The  people  honored  his  memory. 
There  was  a  death  from  pneumonia,  April  19,  that 
caused  much  sorrow.  "  Blind  Billy  "  died.  He  was  a 
dark  mulatto,  a  perfect  Chesterfied  in  his  manner,  and 
a  wonderful  performer  on  the  fife.  As  a  musical  genius, 
he  was  perhaps  equal  to  Blmd  Tom.     It  is  doubtful  if 


162  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

a  better  performer  on  a  fife  than  he  ever  lived.  One 
of  his  fiivorite  pieces  was  "  Wandering  Willie/'  which 
he  played  with  so  much  pathos  as  to  bring  tears  to 
the  eyes,  although  it  had  been  often  heard.  In  nearly 
every  military  parade  his  fife  accompanied  the  drums, 
and  it  was  not  the  proper  thing  to  have  a  ball  or  party 
without  him.  Moonlight  nio-hts  was  the  time  he  loved 
to  play  above  all  others.  There  was  scarcely  a  bright 
night  that  the  sweet,  plaintive  notes  of  his  fife  were  not 
heard.  He  was  raised  and  owned  by  Dr.  Howell 
Davies,  but  a  subscription  was  raised  in  the  town  and 
his  freedom  purchased.  He  was  known  throughout 
the  State,  and  the  news  of  his  death  caused  much  sad- 
ness. The  mute  niusician  was  laid  to  rest  in  the 
Methodist  cemetery,  and  his  wife,  Ann  Armistead, 
erected  a  tombstone  to  his  memory,  on  which  is  carved 
a  broken  fife. 

The  new  courthouse  was  completed  May  25.  The 
old  clock  that  had  lain  on  the  hillside  since  old  St. 
Paul's  was  pulled  down,  now  found  a  resting  place  in 
the  new  building.  At  first  the  committee  objected  to 
putting  it  there,  saying  that  they  could  not  frame  a 
face  large  enough  to  be  seen  all  over  the  city,  but 
finding  public  opinion  against  them,  they  yielded. 
The  design  for  this  building,  which  was  the  second 
adopted,  was  made  by  W.  S.  Ellison.  Hallet  &  Mace 
were  the  contractors  at  twenty-two  thousand  dollars. 
Judge  William  Leigh  christened  the  new  courthouse, 
first  holding  circuit  court  there.  Not  long  after  the 
building  was  completed,  the  foundation  began  to  give 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        163 

away,  and  many  predicted  tliat  it  would  soon  fall.  The 
prophets  have  passed  away,  the  courthouse  still  stands, 
and  will  stand  for  years  to  come. 

The  summer  of  1855  was  one  long  to  be  remembered, 
because  of  the  gloom  cast  over  the  city.  An  accident 
occurred  here  that  caused  great  sorrow.  Gas  had  not 
been  used  long,  and  the  people  had  learned  but  little 
about  it.  About  one  o'clock  on  the  morning  of  July 
17,  James  Boyd,  who  lived  at  the  corner  of  Tenth  and 
Federal  streets,  where  John  B.  Winfree  now  lives, 
heard  a  loud  crash  in  the  hall,  which  sounded  like  the 
falling  of  the  chandelier.  He  quickly  arose  and,  secur- 
ing a  lighted  candle,  started  down  the  steps.  Leaning 
over  the  banister,  he  held  the  candle  near  the  ceiling  to 
see  what  had  happened.  Immediately  there  followed 
a  terrific  explosion,  which  shook  the  whole  house  and 
alarmed  the  neighborhood.  "When  the  family  rushed 
out  they  were  shocked  to  find  the  house  much  damaged 
and  the  lifeless  form  of  Mr.  Boyd  lying  upon  the  floor. 
This  sad  death  of  one  of  Lynchburg's  prominent  law- 
yers and  honored  citizens  brought  sadness  to  the  hearts 
of  many. 

Closely  following  this  came  a  pitiful  cry  from  the 
cities  by  the  sea,  Norfolk  and  Portsmouth.  Through 
the  wickedness  or  criminal  carelessness  of  some  one,  a 
ship  had  been  allowed  to  come  to  Portsmouth  with  yel- 
low fever  on  board.  The  disease  spread  rapidly,  and 
all  who  could  left  for  the  mountains.  Lynchburg 
opened  wide  its  door  and  invited  all  who  wanted  to 
come  here.     Every  train  was  crowded  with  refugees. 


164  LYNCHBURG    AND   ITS    PEOPLE. 

but  there  were  many  -who  could  not  get  away.  The 
plague  spread  until  the  condition  of  the  two  places  be- 
came deplorable.  In  Norfolk  it  was  painful  to  walk 
the  streets ;  there  was  a  sense  of  loneliness  and  melan- 
choly never  before  known.  On  streets  that  had  been 
crowded  not  a  human  being  or  living  creature  of  any 
kind  was  seen.  The  only  sound  was  that  heard  once  a 
day  when  a  heavy  wagon  came  rumbling  along,  stop- 
ping at  one  house  and  then  another,  until  it  had  gathered 
its  load  of  dead  bodies,  and  then  proceeded  to  the  ceme- 
tery. 

Portsmouth  was  no  better.  The  town  presented  a 
gloomy  aspect.  There  was  not  a  magistrate  or  con- 
stable there ;  the  council  was  without  a  quorum,  and 
nearly  all  the  town  officers  were  gone.  The  stores  and 
banks  were  closed ;  the  market  was  deserted ;  pi'ivate 
dwellings  were  tenantless,  many  of  them  open,  the 
owners  having  died  and  there  being  no  one  to  close 
them.  Hotels  and  boarding-houses,  and  in  fact  nearly 
everything,  was  closed  up.  The  Angel  of  Death  was 
hovering  over  these  places,  and  the  people  were  falling 
like  leaves  after  the  frost. 

Everything  seemed  deserted.  No  boat  broke  the 
scum  on  the  surface  of  the  water,  and  the  birds  even 
left  the  plague-stricken  cities.  One  day  a  welcome 
sound  was  heard  ;  it  was  the  whistle  of  a  boat  that  had 
come  from  Baltimore  with  a  load  of  coffins.  When 
the  steamer  reached  the  wharf  there  were  more  there 
waiting  for  coffins  than  could  be  supplied  from  the 
boat.     Soon  coffins  could  not  be  had,  and  bodies  had 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        165 

to  be  wrapped  and  driven  out  in  wagons  and  carts  by 
negro  drivers,  there  being  none  other  able  to  serve. 
Hundreds  of  children  were  left  orphans,  and  frequently 
they  were  found  in  the  house  with  father  and  mother 
both  lying  dead.  Sometimes  as  many  as  ninety  died 
in  a  day  in  the  two  places.  Many  of  the  doctors  and 
preachers  remained  to  care  for  the  sick,  until  they  were 
taken  down.  Among  the  preachers  were  the  Catholic 
priests.  Revs.  Anthony  Dibrell  and  D.  P.  Wills,  of  the 
Methodist  church,  Rev.  Mr.  McClelland,  and  others 
whose  names  I  do  not  know.  The  scene  beggars  de- 
scription. 

Lynchburg  felt  the  woe  of  the  stricken  cities,  and 
immediately  called  a  public  meeting.  Judge  Daniel 
A.  Wilson  presided.  Captain  John  M.  Otey  offered 
a  resolution  to  appoint  a  committee  to  solicit  sub- 
scriptions for  the  sufferers,  to  extend  our  sympathy 
to  the  afflicted  cities,  and  to  offer  them  the  hospitality 
of  Lynchburg  without  quarantine  regulations.  Dex- 
ter Otey,  Samuel  B.  Thurman,  J.  William  Murrell,  J. 
William  Buckner,  A.  B.  Rucker,  James  M.  Cobbs, 
James  F.  Payne  and  D.  C.  T.  Peters  were  appointed 
on  the  committee. 

The  committee  went  to  work,  and,  with  the  assist- 
ance of  the  churches  and  benevolent  associations,  raised 
about  five  thousand  dollars.  Baltimore  sent  about 
twenty  thousand  dollars,  and  other  places  likewise 
helped.  The  epidemic  continued  until  frost,  and,  al- 
though many  refugeed,  about  fifteen  hundred  and 
seventy-five  people  died  of  the  terrible  plague. 


166  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

An  old  citizen  passed  away  August  20,  when  Benja- 
min Blackford  died  at  the  home  of  his  son,  W.  M. 
Blackford.  He  was  a  great  admirer  of  General  Wash- 
ington, and  loved  to  tell  of  the  impression  made  on 
him  when  he  saw  Washington  riding  his  black  horse. 

Another  modern  improvement  was  introduced  in 
September,  when  the  city  built  its  first  sewer.  Such 
was  its  importance  that  a  special  notice  was  given  in 
the  papers.  The  writer  said  :  "A  sewer  is  now  being 
made,  something  that  ought  to  have  been  done  fifty 
years  ago.  A  decent  appearance,  a  due  solicitude  for 
health,  and  a  proper  regard  for  public  olfactories,  would 
have  suggested  and  required  this  improvement  away 
back  in  the  most  old-fogyish  days  of  the  burgh.  Mar- 
ket street  is  looking  up  ;  let  others  follow."  In  these 
days  of  sanitary  arrangements  we  look  back  and  won- 
der how  the  place  existed  so  long  without  that  jiublic 
necessity,  a  sewer. 

Two  men  visited  Lynchburg  at  this  time,  both  noted, 
but  somewhat  diiferent  in  the  character  of  their  work. 
George  Bancroft,  the  historian,  honored  the  city  with  a 
short  stay  at  the  Washington  hotel,  and  Wyman,  with 
his  talking  boy,  spelling  "  sugar,"  "  dictionary,"  etc., 
and  with  his  egg-bag,  was  entertaining  large  crowds  of 
young  people  at  Dudley  Hall.  To  the  boys  and  girls 
there  was  nothing  more  important  in  the  history  of  the 
place  than  the  annual  visits  of  Wyman,  the  wizard. 

The  local  editors  of  the  newspapers  at  this  time  were 
fortunate  above  their  brothers,  in  that  they  had  a  never- 
failing  subject  about  which  they  could  write  when  items 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        167 

were  scarce.  For  many  years  the  old  market  house 
afforded  an  excellent  opportunity  for  the  display  of 
rhetoric.  It  was  called  "  an  intolerable  old  sore,"  "  an 
old  shanty  that  blocked  the  streets."  Another  wrote, 
"  Our  market  house  is  a  disgrace  to  humanity,  to  society, 
to  civilization.  It  is  ugly,  dark,  small,  filthy,  incon- 
venient, in  the  way,  out  of  place,  and  in  all  respects  a 
humbug  and  a  nuisance.  The  law  imposing  a  fine  of 
five  dollars  upon  every  white  person  passing  the  mar- 
ket house  without  holding  his  nose,  has  not  been  re- 
pealed. On  the  contrary,  the  exigency  of  the  times, 
and  the  flavor  of  the  locality,  demand  a  doubling  of  the 
fines.  Such  are  the  conditions  that  even  the  hogs  die 
rather  than  be  dissected  in  this  filthy  place."  Not- 
withstanding these  assaults,  the  much-abused  old  place 
continued  to  feed  the  city  for  many  years  afterward. 
An  attempt  was  made  to  place  a  sacred  influence  about 
the  venerable  pile,  when  Peter  Howell,  the  wandering 
missionary,  preached  to  large  crowds  in  front  of  the 
door.  A  familiar  face  about  the  place  was  missed,  for 
John  Thurman,  an  old  citizen,  and  for  a  long  time 
clerk  of  the  market,  passed  away  October  9. 

Lynchburg  had  always  taken  a  great  deal  of  interest 
in  education,  and  could  boast  of  excellent  schools. 
Among  them,  John  Gary's  school  for  boys,  Mrs.  Bots- 
ford's  school,  Mrs.  Kirkpatrick's,  then  in  its  nineteenth 
year,  Misses  Gordon's,  in  the  twenty-sixth,  and  others. 
Now  a  movement  was  made  that  surpassed  all  others  in 
importance.  Rev.  S.  K.  Gox,  D.  D.,  formerly  presi- 
dent of  Madison  Gollege,  visited  Lynchburg  in  July  to 


168  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

see  what  the  prospects  were  for  establishing  a  college 
here  for  young  men.  He  met  wath  a  generous  response 
from  the  citizens,  and  at  once  proceeded  to  work  to  es- 
tablish the  institution.  October  1,  the  Lynchburg 
College,  with  one  hundred  students,  began  its  first  ses- 
sion in  Jesse  Hare's  three-story  brick  tenement  on  Court 
street,  between  Sixth  and  Seventh.  The  faculty  was : 
Kev.  S.  K.  Cox,  president,  and  professor  of  Mental 
and  Moral  Science ;  \Villiam  Carroll,  Greek  and  Litera- 
ture ;  J.  G.  Mathews,  Latin ;  J.  T.  Murfree,  Mathe- 
matics and  Natural  Science ;  J.  Adolphi  Sartori,  Modern 
Language  ;  Dr.  Daniel  Langhorne,  Anatomy  and  Physi- 
ology ;  Samuel  Garland,  Jr.,  Constitutional  Law;  Rev. 
A.  Doniphan,  general  agent.  John  E..  McDaniel  was 
president  of  the  board  of  trustees,  E.  D.  Christian, 
secretary,  and  M.  S.  Langhorne,  treasurer. 

Rev.  R.  B.  Thomson,  D.  D.,  pastor  of  the  Methodist 
Protestant  church  here,  presented  the  college  to  his 
conference  at  Abingdon,  and  they  took  it  under  the 
care  of  the  church  and  appointed  a  large  number  of 
trustees.  There  was  a  military  feature  about  it ;  the 
students  wore  uniform,  and  were  regularly  drilled  by 
the  professor  of  mathematics. 

The  idea  of  the  founders  was  to  erect  a  suitable 
building  for  the  institution.  Many  sites  were  suggested 
and  after  much  discussion  the  Cralle  place,  which  was 
that  square  bounded  by  Tenth,  Eleventh,  Floyd  and 
Wise  streets,  was  selected.  A  considerable  amount 
had  been  raised  by  Mr.  Doniphan,  so  that  the  property 
was  purchased  and  the  building  begun.     The  corner- 


LYNCHBUEG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        169 

stone  was  laid  June  26,  1856.  Rev.  R.  B.  Thomson 
held  the  religious  services,  John  R.  McDaniel,  W.  M., 
conducted  the  Masonic  ceremonies,  and  Samuel  Garland 
made  the  address.  Colonel  M.  Langhorne,  Jr.,  was 
chief  marshal.  The  day  preceding  this  the  first  com- 
mencement was  held  at  Dudley  Hall.  The  Lynch 
building  on  Fifth  street,  where  the  public  school  now 
stands,  was  used  until  the  college  Avas  fit  for  occupancy, 
w^hich  was  in  1857. 

The  greatest  snow  storm  that  ever  visited  this  section 
ushered  in  the  year  1856.  It  is  referred  to  as  the 
"great  snow  of  '56."  January  8,  snow  fell  to  the 
depth  of  fifty-eight  inches,  and  before  any  melted  three 
separate  snow  storms  followed.  In  some  places  even 
the  fences  were  hidden  from  sight.  It  was  a  severe 
winter  ;  cattle  were  frozen,  traffic  was  suspended,  many 
people  suffered  and  some  even  froze  to  death. 

Notwithstanding  the  cold,  social  duties  w^ere  kept  up. 
It  was  at  this  time  that  the  Lynchburg  Musical  Associa- 
tion was  organized.  J.  F.  Payne,  H.  G.  Latham,  Dr. 
D.  H.  Langhorne,  and  Jehu  Williams  were  the  com- 
mittee on  organization.  Professor  Bozzoatra  was  the 
musical  director.  The  association  gave  many  pleasant 
entertainments,  and  was  always  ready  to  sing  at  fune- 
rals and  on  other  public  occasions. 

One  by  one  the  old  citizens  who  had  labored  for  the 
welfare  of  Lynchburg  were  passing  away.  The  vener- 
able Sampson  Diuguid  died,  and  his  funeral  was  con- 
ducted from  Court  Street  church,  February  18.  The 
hose  company,  of  which  he  was  chief  engineer  for  a 


170  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

long  time,  the  Sons  of  Temperance  and  a  large  crowd 
of  citizens  were  present  to  pay  their  last  respects  to  the 
man  whose  benevolence  and  unwavering  correctness  of 
conduct  had  endeared  him  to  many.  For  years  he  had 
been  the  undertaker  of  the  place,  and  during  that  time 
had  consigned  hundreds  and  thousands  to  the  cold 
chambers  of  the  dead,  and  now  in  obedience  to  the  in- 
exorable call  he  too  had  gone  down  into  the  silence  of 
the  tomb. 

Captain  Pleasant  Preston,  another  prominent  and 
useful  citizen,  died  at  his  home,  corner  Jackson  and 
Eleventh  streets,  April  23.  He  was  a  member  of  the 
council,  a  director  in  the  Merchants  Bank  and  in  the 
Lynchburg  Hose  and  Fire  Insurance  Company.  The 
esteem  in  which  he  was  held  M^as  shown  by  the  large 
assembly  that  gathered  at  his  funeral. 

As  the  population  of  the  city  of  the  living  grew,  the 
inhabitants  of  the  city  of  the  dead  increased.  The  two 
cemeteries  in  use  were  not  sufficient.  Bishop  John 
Early  and  others  planned  to  open  a  new  one.  In  1854 
a  piece  of  ground  beyond  the  city  limits,  on  the  New 
London  road,  was  purchased  from  John  Crouse.  An 
association  was  formed,  consisting  of  Bishop  Early, 
president ;  A.  B.  Rucker,  treasurer ;  John  R.  McDaniel, 
John  Hollins,  Colonel  M.  Langhorne,  William  M. 
Blackford,  James  L.  Brown  and  George  G.  Curie. 
William  Shoemaker,  Micajah  Moorman,  and  others  in 
the  neighborhood,  objected  to  having  a  graveyard  so 
near  them.  They  therefore  sued  out  an  injunction  to 
restrain  the  promoters  from  carrying  out  their  plans. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        171 

The  suit  was  tried  at  Campbell  court  and  the  injunction 
dissolved.  April  2,  1855,  John  Notman,  of  Phila- 
delphia, was  employed  to  lay  oif  the  land  in  lots,  and 
John  Caruthers  was  appointed  superintendent.  An 
advertisement  appeared  in  the  papers  stating  that  lots 
could  be  purchased  of  A.  B.  Kucker,  and  soon  many 
applications  were  made. 

The  opponents  of  the  movement  did  not  cease  to 
fight.  They  gave  notice  through  the  papers  that  they 
would  proceed  at  law  against  any  who  deposited  their 
dead  in  this  place,  because  it  was  hurtful  to  the  health 
and  to  the  property  of  the  neighborhood.  This  had 
no  effect,  and  on  October  18,  1855,  the  first  grave  was 
opened,  that  of  Howell  Robinson.  It  was  a  military 
funeral,  for  the  undertakers,  G.  A.  &  D.  P.  Diuguid, 
the  pall-bearers  and  others,  armed  themselves  with  pis- 
tols, because  it  had  been  rumored  that  they  would  be 
prevented  by  force  from  burying  any  one  in  the  new 
graveyard.  Better  judgment  prevailed,  and  the  dead 
was  quietly  laid  in  the  grave.  June  17,  1856,  Spring 
Hill  cemetery  was  formally  dedicated.  Rev.  Dr.  R.  B. 
Thomson  conducted  religious  services,  R.  K.  Cralle 
made  the  address,  and  the  Lynchburg  Musical  Associa- 
tion rendered  several  selections.  Bishop  Early  pro- 
nounced the  benediction.  For  the  first  two  years  there 
were  few  interments.  Much  bitter  feeling  was  stirred 
up  over  the  matter,  and  friends  stopped  speaking ;  but 
that  passed  away,  and  ere  long  the  opposers  with  the 
friends  of  the  work  slept  beneath  its  sod.  Often  from 
the  mourning  town  has  the  long  concourse,  with  slow. 


172  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

funereal  pace,  entered  into  beautiful  Spring  Hill  and 
laid  to  rest  amid  its  tranquil  scenes  the  precious  remains 
of  a  loved  one,  until  to-day  thousands  here  await  the 
Resurrection  Morning. 

Two  days  after  the  dedication  a  meeting  was  called 
at  the  Second  Presbyterian  church  to  organize  a  new 
inter-denominational  religious  work.  There  was  a  rep- 
resentative gathering,  and  much  interest  was  shown. 
Here  the  first  Young  Men's  Christian  Association  was 
organized.  Thomas  J.  Kirkpatrick  was  elected  presi- 
dent ;  W.  A.  Miller,  M.  S.  Langhorne,  T.  H.  Early, 
C.  A.  Calhoun  and  P.  D.  Christian,  vice-presidents ; 
Silas  Whitehead,  recording  secretary ;  R..  G.  H.  Kean, 
corresponding  secretary  ;  J.  F.  Payne,  treasurer  ;  T>.  B. 
Payne,  librarian,  and  J.  A.  Hamner,  Henry  Victor,  H. 
A.  Burroughs,  H.  C.  Treakle  and  J.  H.  Winston,  di- 
rectors. The  association  gave  promise  of  a  useful  career, 
and  soon  began  to  hold  daily  noon-day  prayer-meetings, 
which  were  productive  of  much  good. 

The  prosperity  of  this  year  was  noticeable,  and  as  a 
result  many  improvements  were  made.  The  people  of 
Diamond  Hill  petitioned  the  council  for  a  foot-bridge 
across  the  ravine  on  Church  street  between  Twelfth  and 
Fourteenth.  Their  petition  was  denied,  so  the  ladies  of 
the  hill,  under  the  leadership  of  Mrs.  M.  S.  Langhorne, 
undertook  to  raise  the  money.  They  succeeded  well, 
and  soon  the  branch  was  spanned  by  an  imposing 
wooden  structure.  The  Virginia  and  Tennessee  road 
was  completed  to  Bristol,  and  on  October  1  the  first 
train    went  through.      The    packet   landing   and   the 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        173 

depot  were  near  together,  and  there  was  need  of  a  good 
hotel  nearer  than  up  town.  Charles  H.  Lynch  built  a 
large  frame  hotel,  which  was  called  the  Lancester 
House,  and  later  the  Piedmont  In  late  years  the 
old  building  was  moved  to  Madison  street  and  used  as 
a  tobacco  factory  until  it  burned  down. 

Before  the  year  closed  two  more  prominent  citizens 
died,  James  D.  Gregory,  November  13,  and  Peter 
Dudley,  December  3. 

At  the  beginning  of  1857  Lynchburg  was  calm  and 
peaceful,  but  this  state  did  not  continue  long ;  great 
excitement  prevailed  and  much  alarm  was  felt.  The 
citizens  retired  at  night  with  fear  lest  before  morning 
they  would  be  wakened  in  a  burning  house,  or  perhaps 
in  a  hotter  place.  Some  parties  had  taken  it  upon 
themselves  to  set  fire  to  the  town,  and  it  looked  as  if 
they  would  succeed,  for  there  were  three  or  five  fires  a 
night.  Among  the  buildings  fired  was  the  "Old 
"White  House,"  then  used  as  a  boarding  department  for 
the  college ;  then  there  were  stables,  out-houses  and 
sheds  that  seemed  to  be  the  special  object  of  the  fire- 
bugs' care.  The  papers  declared  that  if  this  business 
kept  up  they  would  have  to  have  a  special  fire  editor 
to  write  the  accounts  of  the  various  fires.  Mayor  W. 
D.  Branch  oifered  five  hundred  dollars  for  the  rascals, 
and  one  night  the  people  thought  they  had  them.  It 
was  reported  that  a  man  was  in  St.  Paul's  church  try- 
ing to  set  it  a-fire.  Soon  a  large  crowd  gathered  and 
each  one  was  anxious  to  catch  the  criminal  and  get  the 
money ;    still  every  man    had    a  secret  fear  lest   the 


174  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

much  dreaded  fire  fiend  should  run  his  way.  If  he 
were  in  the  church  he  got  away,  and  while  the  people 
watched  he  set  fire  to  the  Norvell  House  stable.  The 
mention  of  that  word  makes  us  think  that  this  fellow 
was  kin  to  one  in  our  day  who  had  the  same  proclivities. 
The  fires  ceased  after  several  months,  perhaps  because 
the  fire-bugs  got  tired,  for  they  were  not  caught.  Thus 
closed  Lynchburg's  second  experience  in  this  business. 

In  April  of  this  year  Charles  W.  Button  took  charge 
of  the  Virginian.  The  next  month  John  Whitehead, 
an  honored  citizen,  and  superintendent  of  Third  Street 
Methodist  Sunday-school,  died. 

The  prosperity  of  the  city  received  a  sudden  and 
serious  check  in  October.  A  monetary  panic  spread 
over  the  whole  country.  Money  became  very  scarce, 
mills  and  factories  stopped  work,  private  concerns 
failed,  and  in  many  places  the  banks  were  forced  to 
suspend.  The  trouble  reached  Lynchburg  and  some 
individuals  failed,  but  not  a  bank  suspended.  The 
effects  of  this  lasted  some  time,  but  after  the  first  few 
months  of  1858  the  city  began  to  assume  its  normal 
condition. 

There  was  much  discussion  at  this  time  over  the 
preservation  of  the  Union.  The  motto  on  the  Vii'- 
ginian  was  "The  rights  of  States  and  the  Union  of 
Stiites."  A  distinguished  speaker  came  here  May  4, 
to  speak  on  the  subject.  For  some  reason  there  had 
been  a  failure  to  prepare  a  suitable  reception,  so  that 
arrangements  had  to  be  hastily  made.  The  faculty  and 
students  of  the  college,  with  a  large  number  of  citizens, 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        175 

went  down  to  the  packet  landing  to  meet  Edward 
Everett.  Judge  Daniel  Wilson  welcomed  him,  and 
then  headed  the  line  of  march  to  J.  M.  Speed's,  where 
he  was  entertained.  At  night  he  spoke  at  Dudley  Hall 
to  a  crowded  house  on  "The  benefits  resulting  from 
the  Union."  He  besought  his  hearers  to  preserve  "the 
Union  of  Washington."  It  was  a  great  speech  and  was 
well  received  by  the  audience,  especially  the  Unionists. 

Rev.  Dr.  R.  B.  Thomson  was  now  president  of  the 
Lynchburg  College,  Rev.  Dr.  Cox  having  taken  charge 
of  the  female  school,  formerly  conducted  by  the  Misses 
Gordon.  Patrick  H.  Cabell  had  the  chair  of  Greek. 
There  was  some  trouble  this  year  with  the  literary  so- 
cieties, the  Cliosophia  and  the  Adelphian.  Both  sold 
their  furniture  and  disbanded  because  recitations  were 
carried  on  on  Saturday,  and  they  were  required  to  meet 
in  the  day.  The  third  annual  commencement  of  the 
college  Avas  held  at  Dudley  Hall  July  1.  The  Lynch- 
burg boys  who  were  awarded  distinctions  at  this  com- 
mencement were  E.  W.  Horner,  E.  D.  Boyd,  H.  H. 
Dinwiddle,  J.  K.  Seabury,  John  W.  Daniel,  John  H. 
Lewis,  R.  D.  Early,  E.  S.  Gregory,  A.  F.  Biggers,  T. 
N.  Davis,  R.  W.  Page,  R.  T.  Lacy,  G.  K.  Turner,  and 
W.  L.  Goggin.  The  first  to  receive  the  A.  B.  degree 
was  Eugene  Blackford,  at  the  commencement  preced- 
ing this  one. 

Lynchburg  felt  a  deep  interest  in  the  great  celebra- 
tion of  September  1,  in  New  York,  over  the  laying  of 
the  Atlantic  cable,  and  the  name  of  Cyrus  W.  Field  was 
in  the  mouth  of  every  one. 


176  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

The  effects  of  the  panic  were  passing  away,  and  the 
city  was  progressing  as  if  nothing  had  happened.  In 
June  the  Lynchburg  Agricultural  and  Mechanical  So- 
ciety was  organized,  and  grounds  about  where  the  Or- 
phan Asylum  now  is  were  secured  and  put  in  order. 
October  19  they  held  their  first  fair.  Rev.  George  W. 
Carter,  pastor  of  Court  Street  church,  opened  with 
prayer,  and  W.  D.  Branch,  the  mayor,  made  the  ad- 
dress. 

About  this  time  two  new  churches  were  under  con- 
struction. In  1854  the  wind  had  damaged  the  steeple 
of  the  First  Presbyterian  church  and  rendered  it  un- 
safe. An  attempt  was  made  to  repair  the  damage,  but 
it  could  not  be  permanently  fixed  without  great  cost. 
It  was  therefore  decided  to  build  a  new  church.  Work 
was  begun,  and  on  Sunday,  November  14,  it  was  dedi- 
cated. Rev.  B.  M.  Smith,  D.  D.,  preached  the  sermon 
from  1  Tim.  3:15.  It  will  be  remembered  that  Rev. 
W.  S.  Reid  began  his  ministry  here  in  1808.  In  1815 
he  organized  a  society  with  fifteen  members,  and  began 
to  build  a  church.  He  was  installed  pastor,  in  1822, 
and  continued  until  1848,  when  Rev.  C.  R.  Vaughan 
succeeded  him.  Mr.  Vaughan  projected  the  new  church, 
which  cost  fourteen  thousand  dollars,  and  resigned  in 
1857.  August  of  next  year  Rev.  James  C.  Ramsey 
was  installed  pastor,  at  which  time  the  congregation 
was  worshiping  in  Masonic  Hall. 

On  April  6  of  next  year  the  corner-stone  of  the  new 
Third  Street  Methodist  church,  now  Centenary,  was 
laid  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  street.     Rev.  A.  G. 


LYNCHBUEG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        177 

Brown  was  pastor.  John  R.  McDaniel,  grand  master, 
conducted  the  Masonic  ceremonies,  and  Thomas  White- 
head made  the  address. 

Several  old  and  honored  citizens  died  in  the  mean- 
time :  Henry  A.  Christian,  November  1 8  ;  Christopher 
Winfree,  December  12 ;  and,  February  3,  Captain 
John  M.  Otey.  These  men  had  been  useful  and  public- 
spirited  citizens,  and  much  sorrow  was  caused  by  their 
deatli. 

Several  things  of  interest  might  here  be  mentioned 
in  passing.  In  August,  Robert  Owen  offered  a  bill  in 
the  council  to  change  the  names  of  the  streets  and 
alleys  to  their  present  names.  The  Sons  of  Malta,  a 
social  organization,  was  flourishing  at  this  time,  and 
Bill  Sprouts  and  Spot  Rider,  two  Lynchburg  cele- 
brities, began  to  attract  public  notice.  The  council  ap- 
pointed a  committee  to  select  a  site  for  a  new  market, 
and,  to  keep  the  old  one  from  being  deserted,  passed 
an  ordinance  forbidding  the  sale  of  fresh  meat,  vege- 
tables, butter,  etc.,  elsewhere  in  the  city  during  market 
hours. 

Many  great  discussions  were  going  on  in  regard  to 
slavery,  and  questions  connected  with  it.  Lynchburg 
was  deeply  interested  in  it,  but  was  not  as  much  ex- 
ercised over  it  as  the  abolitionists  were.  Little  appre- 
hension was  felt  that  the  property  in  slaves  was  in 
danger.  The  buying  and  selling  of  negroes  was  going 
on  as  if  nothing  was  being  said.  The  " nigger-traders" 
were  coming  and  going,  and  Woodruff's  jail,  on  Lynch 
street,  between  Ninth  and  Tenth,  where  the  traders 


178  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

kept  their  slaves,  was  well  patronized.  Some  feared 
trouble,  but  if  it  came,  it  would  be  in  the  next  genera- 
tion. The  people  were  interested  in  building  a  railroad 
from  Lynchburg  to  North  Carolina,  and  a  meeting  to 
promote  it  was  held  at  the  Washington  hotel.  Busi- 
ness was  moving  (quietly  on  when,  on  October  18,  the 
city  was  thrown  into  a  state  of  intense  excitement  by 
the  news  received.  The  day  before  a  fanatical  aboli- 
tionist, John  Brown,  with  twenty-two  associates,  six  of 
whom  were  negroes,  had  surprised  Harper's  Ferry,  and 
taken  the  arsenal  and  armory.  They  stopped  the  trains 
and  called  upon  the  slaves  to  arise  and  make  war  upon 
the  white  people,  promising  to  arm  them  and  lead  them. 
Some  said  the  reports  were  exaggerated,  others  claimed 
that  half  had  not  been  told.  Many  expected  a  general 
uprising  among  the  slaves,  followed  by  bloodshed,  fire 
and  death.  A  greater  uneasiness  was  felt  here  when  it 
was  remembered  that  there  was  not  a  military  company 
in  the  place,  a  stack  of  arms  or  a  piece  of  ordnance. 
Several  attempts  had  been  made  to  organize  companies, 
but  they  had  not  proved  successful.  Men  were  examin- 
ing their  guns  and  pistols  and  putting  them  in  order, 
so  that  they  would  be  ready  for  immediate  use  if  the 
need  arose. 

Colonel  Robert  E.  Lee  with  his  command  was  imme- 
diately ordered  to  Harper's  Ferry.  He  soon  reached  the 
place,  attacked  the  insurrectionists,  retook  the  armory, 
and  captured  John  Brown  and  his  followers  who  had  not 
been  killed.  They  were  turned  over  to  the  State  by 
the  United  States  soldiers,  and  were  tried  and  hanged. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        179 

Great  relief  was  felt  when  the  news  of  the  capture 
came,  but  worse  things  were  expected ;  the  citizens 
therefore  proceeded  to  organize  military  companies. 
November  1,  a  large  meeting  was  held  in  a  room  over 
Payne  &  Blackford's  book-store.  R.  G.  H.  Kean 
called  the  meeting  to  order,  and  "William  M.  Blackford 
was  made  chairman.  Forty-three  had  signed  a  paper 
pledging  themselves  to  form  a  military  company.  A 
committee  was  appointed  to  draft  a  constitution,  and  also 
a  committee  to  procure  arms.  The  new  company  was 
called  the  Home  Guards.  The  by-laws  were  adopted, 
and  the  company  regularly  organized,  November  8, 
with  Samuel  Garland,  Jr.,  captain. 

The  "  Barefoot  Militia,"  so  called  from  the  various 
kinds  of  dress  the  citizens  wore  when  they  drilled  once 
a  year  with  sticks  and  umbrellas,  had  even  gone  down, 
and  this  was  reorganized  as  the  One  Hundred  and 
Thirty-first  Virginia  militia,  under  Colonel  W.  B.  Brown. 
Three  other  military  companies  were  organized — the 
"  Wise  Volunteer  Troop,"  Captain  Carlton  Radford, 
at  the  Norvell  House  November  9  ;  the  Rifle  Guards, 
Captain  M.  S.  Langhorne ;  the  Lynchburg  Infantry 
Grays,  Captain  A.  F.  Biggers;  and  the  Artillery,  under 
Captain  Shields. 

The  Virginia  Conference  of  the  Methodist  church 
met  here  November  16,  but  that  attracted  little  atten- 
tion. Everywhere  the  cry  was,  "  To  arms  !  to  arms  ! 
to  arms  !  The  South  is  soon  to  be  invaded."  The  mar- 
tial spirit  was  regnant.  Even  the  boys  on  the  streets 
were  playing  soldier. 


180  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

A  large  public  meeting  was  held  at  Martin's  ware- 
house, November  30,  to  consider  our  relation  to  the 
North,  and  to  take  such  measures  as  the  exigency  of 
the  times  forcibly  suggested.  Judge  Daniel  A.  Wilson 
was  made  chairman.  The  speakers  were  William  G. 
Brownlow,  of  Tennessee,  and  T.  J.  Kirkpatrick,  E.  G. 
H.  Kean,  Major  James  Garland,  J.  M.  Speed,  and 
Samuel  Garland,  Jr.  There  was  great  enthusiasm,  and 
every  reference  to  States'  Rights  was  received  with 
deafening  cheers.  At  the  conclusion  of  the  speaking, 
the  meeting  passed  resolutions  calling  upon  the  citizens 
to  organize  and  prepare  for  the  worst,  and  at  the  same 
time  protests  were  entered  against  the  unwarranted 
interference  of  the  North  with  the  slaves  of  the  South. 

Thus  the  year  closed  with  the  people  uneasy  and 
excited,  some  thinking  the  trouble  would  pass  by,  and 
others  that  the  war  cloud  was  certainly  arising  upon  the 
horizon,  and  would  soon  overshadow  the  land. 


CHAPTER  IX. 

Geim-visaged  war  scowled  upon  the  people,  yet  few 
understood  its  full  meaning.  Some  said  that  when  the 
North  saw  that  we  would  offer  armed  resistance  they 
would  cease  their  interference,  others,  that  it  would  be 
necessary  to  fight,  but  the  conflict  would  last  only  a  few 
months.  If  something  would  happen  to  relieve  the 
present  situation,  and  still  preserve  the  Union,  it  would 
prove  most  acceptable,  for  Lynchburg  and  Virginia 
loved  the  Union,  but  not  better  than  truth  and  right. 
The  theme  of  the  speakers  and  the  subject  of  the 
preachers  was  the  preservation  of  the  Union.  The  peo- 
ple hoped  for  the  best ;  at  the  same  time  preparations 
were  being  made  for  the  worst,  if  it  came. 

To  arms  !  to  arms  !  was  still  heard  on  every  side,  and 
scarcely  a  week  passed  that  a  military  company  was  not 
out  drilling.  Early  in  the  year  a  new  company,  the 
Rifle  Grays,  was  organized,  with  John  M.  Speed  cap- 
tain. The  legislature  was  in  session,  and  provision  was 
made  for  arming  and  fitting  every  company  organized. 

We  would  expect  the  impending  war  to  have  a 
gloomy  effect  upon  the  city,  but  it  did  not.  This  was 
perhaps  the  gayest  winter  in  the  history  of  the  town. 
Nearly  every  night  there  was  an  entertainment,  and 
some  were  very  brilliant  affairs.  Elaborate  suppers 
were  prepared,  and  those  who  were  able  entertained 
with  all  the  elegance  that  characterized  Virginia  ban- 


182  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

quets  of  the  olden  times.  Prosperity  seemed  to  be  at 
flood  tide.  The  Orange  and  Alexandria  railroad  had 
been  completed  to  the  Amherst  side,  opposite  the  town, 
and  the  first  train  reached  there  January  14, 1860.  Pas- 
sengers were  conveyed  from  the  Virginia  and  Tennessee 
depot  to  the  terminus  in  omnibuses,  known  as  Latham's 
coaches.  The  Piedmont  House  was  refitted  by  Leyburn 
Wilkes,  and  made  quite  an  addition  to  the  hotels  of  the 
city.  The  Lynchburg  Locomotive  and  Machine  Company 
was  incorporated,  as  was  also  the  Lynchburg  and  Rich- 
mond railroad.  A  great  quantity  of  tobacco  was  com- 
ing in,  and  the  receipts  on  the  canal  were  greater  than 
they  had  been  any  year  during  the  past  seven.  An 
editorial  in  the  paper  at  this  time  said  :  "  At  no  period 
within  our  knowledge  has  Lynchburg  afforded  so  many 
concurrent  evidences  of  prosperity  as  she  presents  now. 
There  are  new  stores,  banks,  insurance  companies,  fac- 
tories, and  other  industries.  There  is  no  reason  why 
she  should  not  have  twenty  thousand  inhabitants  within 
the  next  ten  years."  Fortunate  was  it  that  the  baptism 
of  fire  to  be  received  wdthin  the  next  ten  years  was 
hidden  at  this  time. 

A  pleasant  affair  took  place  on  March  30.  The 
ladies  had  made  a  beautiful  flag  for  the  Home  Guard. 
On  this  day  the  company,  with  a  large  number  of  spec- 
tators, assembled  on  the  college  campus,  and  A.  M. 
Trible,  in  an  appropriate  speech,  presented  it  on  behalf 
of  the  ladies.  Captain  Samuel  Garland  replied,  express- 
ing the  great  appreciation  of  himself  and  men  at  this 
mark  of  esteem.    The  new  flag  was  displayed  April  1 2, 


LYNCHBUEG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        183 

when  the  Home  Guard  went  to  Richmond  to  take  part 
in  the  unveiling  of  the  statue  which  Lynchburg  had 
helped  to  erect  in  honor  of  Henry  Clay. 

Nearly  every  day  something  occurred  to  increase  the 
excitement  in  regard  to  the  war.  Now  came  the  news 
that  the  Democratic  National  Convention,  which  met 
at  Charleston,  S.  C,  April  30,  after  a  stormy  session, 
had  adjourned  without  making  a  nomination  for  presi- 
dent and  vice-president.  The  Southern  States,  finding 
themselves  out  of  accord  with  the  Northern,  withdrew 
from  the  convention.  This  was  received  throughout 
the  country  as  another  evidence  of  the  breach  widen- 
ing. 

The  contractors,  Elisha  Snead  &  Son,  had  finished 
the  new  Methodist  church,  Centenary,  and  Sunday, 
May  2,  it  was  dedicated.  The  pastor.  Rev.  A.  G. 
Brown,  made  some  remarks,  and  Dr.  D.  S.  Doggett 
preached  the  sermon.  In  the  afternoon  Rev.  John  C. 
Granbery  preached,  and  at  night  Rev.  Paul  Whitehead. 
A  large  crowd  attended  each  service.  The  new  church, 
including  the  lot,  cost  seventeen  thousand  dollars.  The 
old  building  was  sold  to  the  Sons  of  Temperance,  on 
condition  that  it  be  used  only  for  meetings,  lectures  and 
literary  and  scientific  entertainments.  It  w^as  named 
Holcombe  Hall,  in  honor  of  that  zealous  apostle  of 
temperance.  Captain  Thomas  A.  Holcombe. 

From  the  time  the  old  church  was  made  a  station,  in 
1811,  to  the  time  of  the  dedication  of  the  new  church, 
there  had  been  a  great  many  pastors,  owing  to  the 
Methodist  system  of  changing  every  year,  or  two  years 


184  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

at  the  farthest.  The  following  is  the  list  of  pastors  to 
May,  1860  : 

1811,  John  Weaver  first  preacher  in  charge;  1812,  Joel  Burgess, 
S.  Thrift  and  John  Giles  (for  Bedford  and  Lynchburg);  1813,  Chris. 
S.  Mooring;  1814,  Robert  Griffith,  Peyton  Anderson  (with  Bedford 
circuit);  1815,  Fletcher  Harris,  Peter  Wyatt  ( with  Bedford  circuit ) ; 
1816,  Thomas  Moore;  1817,  Ethelbert  Drake;  1818,  Thomas  Burge; 

1819,  James  Smith,  George  M.  Anderson  (with  Bedford  circuit); 

1820,  Thomas  Mann,  Peter  Donb  (with  Bedford  circuit);  1821-22, 
George  W.  Chariton  (John  Early,  Presiding  Elder) ;  1823,  Thomas 
Crowder;  1824,  Thomas  Howard;  1825,  William  Leigh;  1826-27, 
Caleb  Leach;  1828,  WUliam  A.  Smith;  1829,  W.  L  Waller;  1830-31, 
M.  P.  Parks;  1832-33,  D.  S.  Doggett ;  1834-35,  H.  B.  Cowles ; 
1836,  Edward  Wadsworth;  1837,  A.  McDonald;  1838,  D.  S.  Dog- 
gett; 1839-40,  W.  A.  Smith  ;  1841,  E.  Wadsworth  ;  1842-43,  A. 
Dibrell;  1844-45,  W.  A.  Smith;  1846-47,  D.  S.  Doggett;  1848-49, 
George  W.  Langhome;  1850,  John  C.  Granbery;  1852,  D.  P.  Wills; 
1854,  Frank  Stanly;  1856,  C.  H.  HaU;  1858-60,  A.  G.  Brown. 

The  attention  of  the  people  was  not  long  kept  away 
from  military  affairs.  The  Lynchburg  Mechanics' 
Artillery  was  organized  May  8,  with  H.  Grey  Latham 
Captain.  The  last  day  of  this  month  the  Home  Guard 
were  lined  up  on  the  court  green,  and  R.  G.  H.  Kean 
presented  to  Captain  S.  Garland,  on  behalf  of  the  com- 
pany, a  handsome  sword. 

An  affair  took  place  Saturday,  June  23,  that  cast  a 
gloom  over  the  town.  A  spirited  newspaper  contro- 
versy had  been  going  on  between  the  Buttons  of  the 
Virginian,  and  the  Hardwickes  of  the  Republican.  The 
pieces  had  gotten  very  personal,  and  both  sides  felt 
aggrieved.  It  was  about  tAvo  o'clock  on  this  day,  when 
Charles,  George,  Robert  and  Joseph  Button  were  on 
their  way  home  to  dinner.     When  near  the  corner  of 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        185 

Church  and  Twelfth  streets,  they  met  George  and  Wil- 
liam Hardwicke,  and  immediately  firiog  began.  The 
fire  was  quickly  returned,  but  Joseph  Button  fell  mor- 
tally wounded,  and  died  at  7  o'clock  that  evening, 
and  Robert  was  severely  hurt,  but  recovered.  The 
Hardwickes  were  arrested,  and  a  long  trial  was  had. 
Both  papers  gave  their  version  of  the  affair,  and  a 
good  deal  of  bitterness,  as  was  natural  under  the  cir- 
cumstances, was  displayed. 

Following  this  came  the  second  execution  in  the  his- 
tory of  Lynchburg.  It  took  place  about  two  o'clock, 
August  31,  in  the  open  field  behind  the  Methodist 
graveyard,  and  a  great  crowd  of  people  witnessed  it. 
The  doomed  man  was  William  Hendricks.  He  mur- 
dered Thomas  Johnson,  on  December  31,  in  a  house  on 
Eleventh  street,  between  Main  and  Lynch. 

The  spirit  of  prosperity  was  still  upon  the  town.  The 
council  decided  to  enlarge  the  water-works,  and  made 
a  liberal  appropriation  to  build  an  armory  on  the 
reservoir  lot. 

Sleeping  cars,  a  new  invention,  were  introduced  on 
the  Virginia  and  Tennessee  road.  The  papers  said 
that  they  rendered  sleeping  really  comfortable  on  a 
railroad  train.  October  12,  the  Presbyterian  Synod, 
Old  School,  met  here,  and  four  days  later  the  Agri- 
cultural Fair  was  held.  On  the  30th  and  31st  of  the 
same  month,  an  event  occurred  in  the  social  world  that 
charmed  the  lovers  of  music.  Adelina  Patti,  the  great 
prima  donna,  sang  to  crowded  houses  at  Holcombe 
Hall.     The  population  of  the  city  at  this  time  was 


186  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

eleven  thousand,  six  hundred  and  fifty-five,  including 
freemen  and  slaves. 

The  political  situation  was  the  important  subject 
before  the  people  now,  because  they  felt  that  peace  or 
war  depended  upon  who  was  elected  President  of  the 
United  States.  The  Democrats  nominated  Stephen  A. 
Douglas  and  H.  V.  Johnson,  and  the  Constitutional 
Union  party,  John  Bell  and  Edward  Everett.  The 
Secessionists  nominated  John  C.  Breckenridge  and  Gen- 
eral Joseph  Lane,  and  the  Republicans,  Abraham 
Lincoln  and  Hannibal  Hamlin.  Political  clubs  were 
organized,  and  the  fight  became  warm. 

Nearly  every  week  there  were  political  rallies  and 
speaking.  Waller  R.  Staples  spoke  for  Bell,  and 
Major  James  Garland  for  Douglas,  but  the  great 
demonstration  was  October  17,  when  Hon.  A.  H.  H. 
Stuart  spoke  at  Holcombe  Hall  for  the  Constitutional 
Union  party.  The  house  was  packed,  and  Mr.  Stuart 
made  a  brilliant  speech.  The  meeting  passed  off  well, 
but  there  was  an  episode  in  connection  w^ith  Mr. 
Stuart's  visit  that  rendered  it  very  unpleasant.  He 
was  the  guest  of  Charles  L.  Mosby,  and  had  arranged 
to  leave  the  city  via  the  Orange  and  Alexandria  road 
before  day  on  the  18th.  The  road  then  only  came  to 
Daniel's  Island,  and  it  was  necessary  to  take  the  boat 
to  this  point  in  order  to  board  the  train.  Mr.  Mosby's 
carriasre  driver  drove  Mr.  Stuart  to  the  foot  of  Ninth 
street,  and  leading  him  to  the  head  of  the  steps  at  the 
packet  landing,  said,  "  Jest  walk  down  dar  and  you'll 
find  de  boat."    It  was  very  dark,  and  Mr.  Stuart  walked 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        187 

down  the  steps,  missed  the  boat  and  walked  into  the 
canal.  Unable  to  arouse  any  one,  he  scrambled  around 
in  the  water,  and  after  losing  his  hat,  coat  and  baggage, 
finally  reached  the  bank  soaking  wet  and  covered  with 
mud.  He  went  over  to  the  Piedmont  House  and  asked 
for  a  room.  The  proprietor  told  him  he  could  not 
take  in  tramps,  not  knowing  who  it  was  that  spoke. 
"  But,"  said  the  dripping,  shivering  man,  "My  name  is 
Stuart."  "  I  don't  care  what  your  name  is,"  said  the 
hotel  keeper ;  "  I  don't  accommodate  men  like  you." 
After  much  persuasion  he  agreed  to  allow  him  to  use  a 
cot  in  the  hall,  used  by  the  negro  porter.  Early  in  the 
morning  C  M.  Blackford,  president  of  the  Young 
Men's  Union  Club,  received  a  note  from  Mr.  Stuart 
asking  him  to  come  to  the  Piedmont  House  at  once. 
He  went  down,  and  the  proprietor  was  much  chagrined 
when  he  found  that  the  man  he  took  for  a  tramp  was 
Hon.  A.  H.  H.  Stuart.  The  citizens,  hearing  of  the 
accident,  furnished  him  with  a  handsome  outfit,  and  he 
departed  wiser  for  his  expecience. 

The  election  was  drawing  near,  and  speaking  in- 
creased. C.  M.  Blackford,  Don  P.  Halsey,  E.  D. 
Christian  and  John  B.  Tilden  spoke  at  Holcombe 
Hall  in  favor  of  Bell,  Major  James  Garland,  W.  H. 
Lyddick  and  John  L.  Henry  at  the  Exchange  Bank 
for  Douglas,  and  Captain  Garland  and  Randolph 
Tucker  at  Liberty  Warehouse  for  Breckenridge.  At 
almost  every  corner  you  could  hear  an  independent 
orator  going  extensively  and  promiscuously  into  the 
merits  of  the  canvass,  and  market  square  was  the  Se- 


188  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

cessionists'  rendezvous.  Every  one  who  talked,  talked 
excitedly.  Thomas  S.  Bocock,  our  representative  in 
Congress,  urged  the  people  to  stand  by  the  Union. 
Election  day,  November  6,  arrived,  and  the  papers 
warned  the  people  to  keep  cool,  lest  heated  and  hasty 
action  cause  trouble. 

Lynchburg's  vote  was  :  Bell  969,  Breckenridge  487, 
Doug-las  132.  The  news  soon  came  that  Abraham 
Lincoln  w^as  elected.  The  effect  was  terrible.  The 
town  clock  stopped,  they  said,  from  indignation.  The 
people  of  the  South  were  depressed,  recognizing  in  this 
the  real  beginning  of  the  struggle. 

Before  the  end  of  November  a  financial  crisis  arose  ; 
the  banks  suspended  specie  payment ;  bonds  and  stocks 
plunged  downward,  and  everything  seemed  in  a  de- 
plorable condition,  financially  and  politically.  The 
question  that  was  urging  itself  upon  the  people  was : 
Shall  we  secede?  Hon.  Stephen  A.  Douglass  spoke 
here,  begging  the  people  to  remain  in  the  Union.  W.  D. 
Branch,  the  mayor,  called  a  public  meeting  at  Holcombe 
Hall,  December  6,  to  confer  upon  the  threatening  con- 
dition of  affairs.  He  was  made  chairman,  and  R. 
H.  Glass,  C.  W.  Button  and  Alexander  McDonald 
secretaries.  Speech  after  speech  was  made,  and  at 
length  resolutions  were  passed  instructing  our  State 
senator  and  representative  to  favor  a  bill  for  a  conven- 
tion to  consider  the  question  of  secession.  It  was  a 
gloomy  time ;  business  was  at  a  standstill,  and  every 
one  complained  of  hard  times.  What  had  been  ex- 
pected now  took  place.     December  20,  at  Charleston, 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        189 

South  Carolina  passed  the  ordinance  of  secession  amid 
a  great  demonstration  of  ringing  of  bells  and  firing  of 
cannons.  Seven  days  after  Fort  Moultrie  was  abandoned 
and  burnt,  and  the  United  States  troops  were  moved  to 
Fort  Sumpter.  Many  thoughtful  people  saw  in  this 
the  beginning  of  war. 

When  1861  came  in,  some  gaiety  was  intertwined 
with  the  solemnity.  New  Year's  day,  many  of  the 
gentlemen,  in  full  dress,  called  upon  their  lady  friends, 
who  received  with  hospitable  banquets.  This  was  an 
established  custom,  which  has  since  passed  away.  Presi- 
dent Buchanan  set  apart  January  4  as  a  day  for 
national  fasting  and  prayer  for  the  country.  The  fol- 
lowing pastors  held  services :  Rev.  W.  H.  Kinckle,  at 
St.  Paul's ;  Rev.  John  E.  Edwards,  at  Court  Street ; 
Rev.  H.  P.  Mitchell,  at  Centenary ;  Rev.  James 
Ramsey,  at  First  Presbyterian  ;  Rev.  Jacob  Mitchell, 
at  Second  Presbyterian  ;  Rev.  H.  W.  Dodge,  at  Baptist, 
and  Rev.  W.  S.  Hammond,  at  Methodist  Protestant. 
Following  this,  a  meeting  of  the  ministers  and  members 
of  the  different  churches  was  held  at  the  Second  Pres- 
byterian church,  to  take  steps  in  regard  to  the  present 
condition  of  the  country.  Dr.  Samuel  B.  Christian  was 
made  chairman,  and  T.  J.  Kirkpatrick,  secretary. 
Papers  were  read  counselling  moderation,  and  appealing 
to  the  Christian  people  to  do  all  in  their  power  to  avert 
the  threatening  conflict.  Papers  of  a  like  kind  from 
New  York  and  Chicago  were  also  read.  These  efforts 
produced  as  little  effect  as  a  snow-flake  falling  in  the 
river.   When  they  disappeared,  that  was  the  end  of  them. 


190  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

Another  meeting  Avas  held  at  Holcombe  Hall,  Jan- 
uary 22,  and  despite  the  bitter  cold,  the  house  was 
crowded.  John  R.  McDauiel  presided,  and  R.  G.  H. 
Kean  was  secretary.  John  O.  L.  Goggin  spoke,  and 
offered  this  resolution  :  "  Resolved,  That  it  is  the  sense 
of  this  meeting  that  the  State  convention,  which  is  to 
assemble  in  the  city  of  Richmond  February  14  next, 
ought  promptly  to  pass  the  ordinance  by  which  Vir- 
ginia shall  resume  all  the  authority  which  she  has  ever 
delegated  to  the  Government  of  the  United  States,  and 
by  which  she  shall  declare  her  present  relation  to  that 
Government  dissolved,  unless  an  adjustment  of  the  con- 
troversy, which  now  divides  the  States  of  this  Confed- 
eracy, satisfactorily  to  a  majority  of  the  Southern  States, 
shall  be  presented  and  accepted  by  them  before  that 
time." 

Samuel  Garland,  Charles  R.  Slaughter  and  John  M. 
Speed  spoke  against  the  resolution.  They  opposed  im- 
mediate secession,  and  Avanted  all  honorable  means  of 
redress  in  the  Union  to  be  first  exhausted.  The  resolu- 
tion was  passed  by  a  large  majority,  and  John  O.  L. 
Goggin  and  Thomas  J.  Kirkpatrick  were  nominated  as 
delegates  to  represent  Lynchburg  in  the  approaching 
convention. 

Two  days  afterward,  at  the  same  place,  the  conser- 
vative citizens  held  a  meeting.  Major  James  Garland 
presiding.  They  were  for  preserving  the  Union  if  con- 
sistent with  the  honor  of  the  State.  They  approved  of 
the  efforts  of  the  legislature  to  send  a  committee  to 
treat  with  the  Northern  States,  and  if  the  difference 


LYNCHBUKG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        191 

could  not  be  adjusted,  then  the  convention  should  pass 
the  act  of  secession,  conditioned  upon  the  people's  ac- 
ceptance. John  M.  Speed  and  Charles  R.  Slaughter 
were  nominated  delegates  by  this  meeting. 

Both  sides  struggled  to  elect  their  men.  James  Gar- 
land, E.  D.  Christian,  S.  D.  Preston  and  Don  P.  Hal- 
sey  spoke  for  Speed  and  Slaughter,  while  R.  G.  H. 
Kean,  A.  M.  Trible  and  R.  E.  Manson,  spoke  for  Gog- 
gin  and  Kirkpatrick.  The  election  was  held  February 
2,  and  resulted  in  the  following  vote  : 

Speed,     ....     1033  Goggin,     ....     374 

Slaughter,     .     .     .   1024  Kirkpatrick,    ...    367 

This  showed  that  Lynchburg  was  overwhelmingly  in 
favor  of  preserving  the  Union,  if  it  were  possible  to  do 
so,  without  the  sacrifice  of  right. 

An  indication  of  the  hard  times  was  that,  on  Feb- 
ruary 7,  the  Young  Men's  Christian  Association  had 
to  be  sold  out  for  debt.  There  was  so  much  suffering 
among  the  poor  that  a  relief  society  had  to  be  organized 
to  prevent  many  from  freezing  and  starving.  The  cup 
of  woe  was  not  yet  full,  for  small-pox  broke  out  in  the 
city,  and  soon  a  dozen  cases  were  reported. 

Important  events  were  quickly  transpiring.  The 
Peace  Conference  was  held,  and  many  looked  forward  to 
this  as  the  dawn  of  peace,  but  they  were  disappointed  ; 
nothing  was  accomplished.  The  Secession  Convention 
met  in  Richmond  February  14.  March  4,  Lincoln  was 
inaugurated,  and  on  the  next  day  the  Southern  Con- 
federacy was  organized  at  Montgomery,  Alabama,  with 
Jefferson   Davis  as  president.     The  Confederate  flag 


192  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

was  raised  on  the  State  House  amid  great  shouts. 
These  reports  constantly  coming  inflamed  the  citizens, 
and  made  the  prospect  of  peace  more  and  more  remote. 

Lynchburg  was  making  desperate  efforts  to  move 
forward  in  spite  of  the  dark  situation.  The  council 
determined  to  build  a  new  market  house,  and  tried  to 
purchase  the  ground  on  Church  street,  where  the  United 
States  building  and  the  marble  yard  now  stand.  Slaves 
were  still  bringing  a  good  price.  Bryan  Akers,  the  auc- 
tioneer, sold,  on  April  1 2,  a  lot  at  the  following  prices  : 
A  negro  woman,  nine  hundred  and  ten  dollars ;  a  negro 
boy,  seventeen  years  old,  eleven  hundred  and  thirty 
dollars ;  a  girl,  eighteen  years  old,  eleven  hundred  dol- 
lars ;  a  boy  twelve,  six  hundred  and  forty  dollars ;  a 
girl  eleven,  seven  hundred  and  fifteen  dollars ;  a  wo- 
man fifty,  with  a  small  child,  seven  hundred  and  sixty 
dollars.  The  terms  of  the  sale  were  cash,  and  the  right 
of  dower  in  the  negroes  was  retained.  The  price  of 
slaves  had  not  yet  begun  to  depreciate. 

It  was  in  the  early  morning  of  April  12  that  the 
war  began  in  earnest.  Major  Anderson,  commanding 
the  United  States  troops,  was  still  occupying  Fort 
Sumpter,  when  at  this  time  the  fort  was  bombarded  by 
the  State  troops.  Many  wondered  if  Mr.  Lincoln 
would  try  pacific  measures,  or  attempt  to  relieve  the 
garrison  at  Fort  Sumpter.  They  did  not  have  to  wait 
long,  for  he  issued  a  call  for  seventy-five  thousand  men, 
Virginia's  share  being  two  thousand,  three  hundred  and 
forty,  and  prepared  to  send  men  to  South  Carolina  at 
once  to  help  Major  Anderson. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE,        193 

This  swept  away  the  last  vestige  of  hope  ;  there  was 
nothing  to  do  now  but  to  prepare  to  fight.  The  Silver 
Greys,  a  new  company,  was  organized,  and  on  the  15th 
a  Confederate  flag  was  raised  on  Main  street.  Thomas 
J.  Kirkpatrick,  D.  P.  Halsey,  E.  D.  Christian  and  G. 
W.  Latham  spoke.  A  meeting  was  held  at  Dudley 
Hall  to  organize  military  companies  ;  Colonel  M.  Lang- 
horne  presided.  Men  under  forty-five  were  wanted  for 
field  service,  and  those  over  forty-five  for  home  defence. 
Many  of  the  soldiers  were  furnishing  themselves,  and 
the  people  were  busy  preparing  to  answer  Lincoln  s 
call,  but  not  in  a  manner  expected  by  him. 

The  convention  to  consider  the  question  of  secession 
had  been  in  session  since  February  14,  trying  to  agree 
upon  some  plan.  They  had  now  agreed.  Governor 
Letcher,  April  16,  refused  Lincoln's  call  for  troops 
from  Virginia  with  which  to  fight  her  Southern  sisters, 
and  two  days  afterward  the  Old  Dominion,  who  had 
stood  by  the  Union  to  the  last,  hoping  that  the  ques- 
tion might  be  settled  without  the  last  resort,  passed  the 
ordinance  of  secession  and  allied  herself  with  the  Con- 
federacy. 

Now  Lynchburg  began  to  prepare  for  war  as  never 
before.  To  arms  !  to  arms  !  was  heard  everywhere. 
All  ages  must  join  the  ranks  for  defence.  Boys  four- 
teen to  eighteen  were  organized  to  assist  in  defending 
their  homes.  The  sound  of  the  fife  and  drum  was 
heard  in  all  directions,  and  all  over  the  town  men  were 
recruiting.  Even  the  children,  who  could  do  nothing 
else,   were  marching  the  streets  with  paper  caps  and 


194  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

stick  guns,  cheering  for  the  Confederacy.  On  the  doors 
of  many  places  of  business  was  this  notice :  "  Closed. 
Enlisted  in  the  army."  The  photograph  galleries  were 
crowded  with  soldiers  having  their  pictures  taken  to 
leave  their  sweethearts  and  friends. 

It  Avas  announced  that  each  soldier  would  need  two 
heavy  blankets,  three  flannel  shirts,  two  pairs  thick 
cotton  drawers,  one  pair  boots,  one  pair  shoes,  towels, 
comb,  brush,  needles  and  thread,  and  soap.  This,  it 
was  thought,  with  the  undressed  uniform  made  by  N. 
Guggenheimer,  would  be  sufficient  to  last  several 
months,  until,  the  war  was  over.  The  council  appro- 
priated one  thousand  dollars  to  every  company  of  one 
hundred  organized,  and  the  citizens  raised  twenty 
thousand  dollars  to  equip  the  Lynchburg  troops.  The 
noble  women  were  not  idle.  They  formed  a  society 
to  help  the  Confederacy.  They  met  every  day  at  the 
Masonic  hall,  and  were  busy  from  morning  until  even- 
ing cutting  and  making  tents,  uniforms,  clothing  and 
other  things,  and  those  who  could  not  leave,  sewed 
at  home.     Such  times  ! 

The  Beauregard  Rifles,  Captain  Marcellus  Moorman, 
had  been  organized,  and  Captain  Radford  was  recruit- 
ing his  cavalry  company.  Orders  came  that  the  Home 
Guard,  Captain  Garland  ;  the  Rifle  Grays,  Captain  M.  S. 
Langhorne,  and  the  Artillery,  Captain  H.  G.  Latham,* 
prepare  to  move  to  Richmond  April  23.  Now  came 
the  sad  time.  The  day  previous  to  their  departure, 
Sunday,  Rev.  W.  S.  Hammond  preached  to  the  Grays 

*  i'or  rosters  of  these  coiupauies  see  Appendix. 


LyjSCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  195 

at  the  Methodist  Protestant  church,  and  Rev.  Dr. 
Ramsey  to  the  Home  Guard  at  the  First  Presbyterian 
church.  At  night  both  companies  assembled  at  Court 
Street  church,  and  Dr.  John  E.  Edwards  preached  to 
them. 

While  these  preparations  were  going  on  an  occur- 
rence took  place  Sunday  afternoon  that  was  much 
deplored.  Andrew  Johnson,  United  States  Senator 
from  Tennessee,  was  passing  through  the  city  en  route 
from  Washington  home.  A  crowd  boarded  the  train, 
and  a  certain  newspaper  man,  recognizing  Mr.  Johnson, 
walked  up  to  him  and  pulled  his  nose.  The  Senator 
immediately  drew  his  pistol,  and  would  have  fired  had 
not  some  one  stopped  him.  In  the  excitement  some 
cried,  "Hang  him,"  but  better  judgement  prevailed, 
and  the  traveler  was  allowed  to  pursue  his  journey 
without  being  farther  molested. 

The  gray  dawn  was  just  appearing  in  the  east,  on 
this  memorable  Monday,  when  the  whole  city  was 
astir.  At  home  mothers  and  wives  were  packing  the 
knapsacks,  with  heavy  hearts  and  tearful  eyes,  and  on 
the  streets  soldiers  were  hurrying  to  their  respective 
armories.  It  was  one  of  those  glorious  days  of  early 
spring,  when  the  air  was  fragrant  with  the  incense  of 
bud  and  blossom,  and  all  nature  in  her  beauty  echoed 
her  Maker's  praise.  Profound  peace  reigned,  and  no 
suggestion  of  war  was  made  save  by  the  hurry  of  the 
soldiers. 

About  eight  o'clock  the  Rifle  Grays  were  drawn  up 
in  front   of  their   armory  on  Main   street,  the  Home 


196  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

Guard  at  theirs  on  Eighth  street,  and  the  Artillery  on 
Clay.  The  first  two  companies  mustered  about  one 
hundred  each,  and  the  last  about  eighty-five,  some  of 
their  men  not  being  ready.  The  companies  marched  to 
their  place  of  meeting  on  Church  street,  between  Eighth 
and  Tenth,  and  were  formed  into  a  column  by  Colonel 
D.  A.  Langhorne.  They  marched  through  the  crowded 
streets  to  Eleventh,  then  to  Main,  then  to  Bridge,  and 
to  the  Virginia  and  Tennessee  depot,  where  they  halted 
to  listen  to  an  address  by  Rev.  J.  D.  Mitchell.  The 
speaker,  burning  with  patriotism,  said  he  had  two  sons 
in  one  of  the  companies — sons  of  a  Charleston,  S.  C, 
mother,  and  if  he  had  fifty  they  would  be  given  up 
into  the  service  of  the  State  in  such  a  contest.  He 
wanted  the  soldiers  to  show  themselves  men,  and  in  the 
day  of  battle  put  their  trust  in  God  and  never  turn  their 
backs  upon  the  enemy.  He  alluded  to  the  war  now 
being  made  upon  our  cherished  institutions,  appointed 
by  Heaven  for  the  development  and  happiness  of  the 
thousands  of  that  inferior  race  committed  to  the  guar- 
dianship of  the  South,  and  felicitated  himself  that  they 
would  find  brave  and  efficient  defenders  in  the  gallant 
young  men  who  had  taken  up  arms  in  vindication  of 
our  rights.  Dr.  Mitchell  concluded  by  saying  that  he 
would  accompany  the  soldiers  on  their  journey. 

After  the  benediction  by  Rev.  W.  S.  Hammond, 
the  troops  marched  on  to  the  place  of  embarkation, 
amid  the  tears  and  congratulations  of  the  multitude  of 
noble  w^omen  and  brave  men  who  had  come  to  bid 
them  God-speed. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        197 

It  was  a  solemn  scene,  and  one  that  thrilled  every 
heart.  Gray-haired  fathers  and  mothers  were  there, 
parting  with  two  or  three  sons,  and  some  were  giving 
up  their  only  boy.  Wives  were  bidding  farewell,  per- 
haps forever,  to  the  husbands  of  their  bosoms,  and  even 
the  children,  scarcely  appreciating  the  occasion,  were 
giving  their  parting  benediction  to  fathers  beloved. 
As  these  gallant  men  said  good-by,  and  left  all  that  was 
dear  to  them  to  obey  the  call  of  their  State,  many  felt 
proud  that  Virginia  was  the  same  nursery  of  valor  and 
patriotism  that  it  had  been  in  the  days  of  Washington. 
None  doubted  that  the  Lynchburg  boys  would  do  their 
duty  as  true  soldiers. 

The  supply  of  coaches  on  the  Southside  road  was 
limited,  so  that  many  of  the  soldiers  had  to  travel  in  box 
cars.  As  soon  as  they  had  gotten  into  them  they  began 
knocking  planks  oif  of  the  sides  so  as  to  get  air. 

Now  that  three  companies  were  gone,  and  others  ex- 
pected soon  to  leave,  it  was  necessary  to  make  arrange- 
ment for  home  defence.  A  meeting  for  this  purpose 
was  called,  and  Major  James  Garland  presided.  It 
was  decided  to  have  a  company  of  infantry  in  each 
ward,  and  a  company  of  mounted  men  in  the  city  at 
large.  The  home  company  was  called  the  Silver 
Grays.  Colonel  W.  B.  Brown  commanded  the  battalion. 
The  signal  of  danger  would  be  the  alarm  of  fire,  at 
which  the  companies  would  turn  out  to  protect  the  lives 
and  property  of  the  citizens. 

Virginia  seceded  April  17,  and  on  the  25th  joined 
the  Confederacy.     May  4  was  the  day  set  for  the  vote 


198  LYNCHBURa   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

by  which  the  people  should  ratify  the  action  of  the  con- 
vention. Lynchburg  had  moved  slowly  in  giving  its 
voice  to  dissolve  the  Union,  but  now  the  time  had  come, 
and  the  ordinance  of  secession  was  ratified  without  a 
dissenting  vote. 

Nothing  was  thought  of  now  but  preparation  for 
war.  Five  or  six  car-loads  of  troops  from  the  South- 
west passed  through  the  city.  F.  B.  Deane  &  Son  were 
working  to  their  utmost  capacity  making  shot  and  shells, 
and  sending  them  to  Richmond,  and  the  ladies  were 
still  hard  at  work  fitting,  not  only  home  companies, 
but  any  who  needed  it.  At  one  time  they  had  fifteen 
hundred  suits  on  hand  to  make,  and  they  made  them. 
The  council  appropriated  five  thousand  dollars  more  for 
the  defence  of  the  city  and  State,  and  every  one  was 
willing  to  do  what  he  could  to  aid  in  defending  his  na- 
tive land. 

Lynchburg  was  made  a  rendezvous  for  many  of  the 
troops  coming  from  Virginia  and  from  the  South. 
Nearly  every  day  troops  were  coming  here  from  Ala- 
bama, Tennessee,  Louisiana,  Arkansas,  and  other  points. 
They  would  arrive  over  the  Virginia  and  Tennessee 
road,  and  march  to  the  Fair  Grounds.  That  part  of  the 
city  presented  a  busy  scene  ;  the  whole  place  was  white 
with  tents,  teams  were  coming  and  going,  workmen 
were  making  stalls  for  bunks,  bands  were  playing,  and 
soldiers  were  drilling,  while  others  were  amusing  them- 
selves. Already  from  three  to  six  thousand  men  had 
arrived. 

Camp  Davis  was  another  place  where  troops  were 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        199 

quartered.  It  was  that  ground,  mostly  wood,  from 
Twelfth  to  Sixteenth  streets  and  from  Pierce  to  Kemper. 
There  were  a  number  of  one-story  frame  houses,  which 
were  built  in  rows,  where  the  officers  stayed,  one  or 
two  of  which  are  now  standing.  Colonel  Jubal  A. 
Early  commanded  the  volunteer  encampment,  and  Cap- 
tain Jehu  Williams  had  charge  of  the  quartermaster 
department. 

May  8,  the  Second  Kegiment  Virginia  Cavalry* 
was  organized  at  Lynchburg,  and  Colonel  Jubal  A. 
Early  was  the  mustering  officer.  This  was  the  first 
mounted  regiment  organized  in  Virginia. 

With  one  of  the  Roanoke  troops  there  came  ati  old 
negro  drummer  who  had  served  in  the  same  capacity  in 
the  War  of  1812.  When  asked  if  he  could  go  through 
the  war,  he  replied,  "  Yes,  Marsa  ;  I  spects  to  lib  to  git 
old  Linkum's  skull." 

May  20  the  Beauregard  Rifles,t  Captain  M.  N.  Moor- 
man, left  for  Richmond.  About  June  1  the  troops  be- 
gan to  move  towards  Manassas  Junction.  On  Monday, 
the  3d,  the  Wise  Troop,t  Captain  John  S.  Langhorne, 
left  here  for  that  point.  The  college  had  been  turned 
into  a  hospital,  and  already  there  were  seventy-five  sick 
soldiers.  There  were  many  sad  hearts  at  the  departure 
of  the  troops,  and  every  day  many  attended  the  union 
prayer-meeting  at  the  different  churches,  that  they  might 
obtain  consolation. 

There  were  many  Lynchburgers  who  returned  here 


*  For  regimental  officers,  see  Appendix. 
tFor  roster,  see  Appendix. 


200  LYNCHBUEG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

with  troops.  Among  them  was  Captain  Eugene  Black- 
ford, with  a  company  he  organized  at  Clayton,  Alabama  ; 
Caj)tain  Samuel  V.  Reid,  lately  of  Cincinnati,  returned 
with  a  company  of  forty  Kentuckians  ;  Colonel  Robert 
M.  McKinney,  of  North  Carolina,  and  Colonel  Robert 
E.  Rodes,  of  Alabama. 

An  interesting  description  of  the  military  encamp- 
ment here  is  given  in  the  following  letter,  written  by  a 
member  of  the  Third  Alabama  regiment : 

' '  Lynchburg  at  this  time  was  a  large  camp,  filled  with  raw  troops 
hastily  collected  to  meet  the  threatened  invasion  of  the  Old  Dominion. 
They  were  generally  without  uniform,  and  clad  in  garments  of  every 
conceivable  color,  material,  and  pattern.  They  were  all  animated  by 
the  same  spirit,  and  felt  the  utmost  confidence  in  the  ultimate  suc- 
cess of  their  cause.  Crowding  the  streets  and  suburbs  by  thousands, 
and  feeling  but  lightly  the  restraints  of  military  rule  and  discipline, 
they  were  ordei'ly  and  well-behaved.  It  was  interesting  to  see  these 
earnest  men  gathered  in  groups  discussing  the  great  questions  which 
agitated  the  country.  Their  enthusiasm  was  unbounded,  and  the 
greatest  good  feeling  prevailed  among  them.  The  whole  scene  was 
often  enhanced  by  amusing  incidents,  and  there  was  never  perhaps  a 
more  fruitful  fountain  of  wit  and  mirth  than  this  same  old  Third 
from  the  early  days  of  good  clothes  and  full  rations  to  the  last  dark 
scene  of  starvation  and  surrender — ever  patient,  ever  ready,  ever 
gay.  Love  of  country  was  the  ruling  sentiment  with  these  men,  and 
the  citizens  of  Lynchburg  entered  fully  into  all  their  feelings.  Many 
of  her  gallant  sons  had  already  organized  themselves  into  companies 
and  batteries. 

"On  Saturday,  the  4th,  different  detachments  having  arrived,  the 
regiment,  under  command  of  Lieutenant-Colonel  Lomax,was  regularly 
mustered  into  the  service  of  the  Confederate  States,  and  went  into 
camp  in  a  beautiful  grove  near  the  Fair  Grounds. 

"Tents  and  all  equipments  necessary  for  an  army  were  to  be  pro- 
vided. The  ladies  were  profuse  in  their  attentions.  They  did  not 
stand  on  ceremony,  but,  with  open  hand  and  liberal  heart,  contributed 
many  things. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        201 

' '  Although  we  struck  camp  at  a  very  early  hour  on  June  8th,  the 
whole  city  seemed  to  have  turned  out  to  see  us  off.  During  our  four 
years'  service  the  Third  Alabama  had  many  kind  attentions  paid  it, 
but  none  more  heartily  given  or  highly  appreciated  than  those  which 
were  bestowed  by  the  citizens  of  Lynchburg." 

Nearly  all  the  troops  had  gone  to  the  front,  and  the 
people  felt  the  greatest  anxiety.  Thursday,  June  13, 
was  set  apart  as  a  fast  day,  and  all  places  of  business 
closed.  Sabbath  stillness  reigned,  and  services  were 
held  in  many  of  the  churches.  The  people  began  to 
feel  the  eifects  of  war  at  home.  Things  began  to  get 
scarce.  Coifee-drinkers  had  to  give  up  their  coifee,  and 
paper  was  hard  to  get.  The  Virginian  was  published 
on  one  sheet,  and  that  a  very  small  one.  July  1  there 
appeared  a  great  comet,  and  those  who  read  the  signs 
said  it  meant  a  long  and  bloody  war. 

The  papers  were  eagerly  sought  for,  and  the  bulletin- 
boards  closely  watched  to  hear  the  news  from  the  front. 
Every  day  nearly  there  came  reports  of  skirmishes. 
July  21  the  roar  of  cannon  was  distinctly  heard  here, 
and  the  people  knew  that  a  great  battle  was  being 
fought.  Soon  the  news  of  the  first  battle  of  Manassas 
came,  and  there  was  great  joy  over  the  success  of  the 
Confederate  arms,  although  sadness  came  when  the  list  of 
wounded  and  killed  was  received.  Among  the  Lynch- 
burgers  wounded  were  Lieutenant  John  W.  Daniel, 
Lieutenant  William  L.  Goggin,  Jr.,  who  died  Septem- 
ber 8,  Lieutenant  James  Chalmers,  who  died  October  1. 
This  victory  made  the  people  hope  for  a  speedy  close 
of  the  war. 


202  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

Many  of  the  Lynchburgers  had  been  promoted  to 
higher  offices.  Colonel  K.  E.  Kodes  had  been  made  briga- 
dier-general for  his  bravery,  Samuel  Garland  had  been 
made  colonel  of  the  Eleventh  Virginia  regiment,  and 
Eev.  John  C.  Granbery,  once  pastor  of  the  Methodist 
church  here,  now  Bishop,  had  been  made  chaplain.  His 
comrades  will  not  soon  forget  his  bravery  or  cease  to  ad- 
mire his  noble  character.  Captain  M.  S.  Langhorne  was 
made  major,  and  G.  W.  Latham  succeeded  him  as  cap- 
tain. Captain  John  S.  Langhorne  was  also  made  major, 
and  Charles  M.  Blackford  elected  captain  in  his  stead, 
and  K.  Otey  was  made  captain  in  place  of  Samuel  Gar- 
land. 

Trouble  at  home  continued.  The  scarcity  of  money 
was  begining  to  be  serious ;  the  council,  therefore,  Oc- 
tober 25,  authorized  the  issue  of  fifty  thousand  dollars 
in  small  notes — ten,  fifteen,  twenty-five,  fifty  and  ninety 
cents,  and  one  and  two  dollars.  Another  trouble  was 
that  the  supply  of  salt  was  rapidly  growing  less,  and 
the  dealers  were  putting  up  the  prices.  A  public  meet- 
ing was  called  to  meet  at  Dudley  Hall,  November  12, 
to  fight  salt  extortion  ;  F.  B.  Deane,  Jr.,  presided.  The 
speakers  declared  that  it  was  an  outrage  to  charge  fif- 
teen dollars  a  sack  for  salt.  A  protest  was  made  against 
this  extortion,  and  a  committee  was  appointed  to  go  to 
the  salt  works  at  Saltville  and  make  arrangements  for 
a  supply  of  salt  for  the  city  at  reasonable  rates. 

The  town  was  in  a  bad  state  ;  nearly  every  night  there 
were  several  robberies,  and  many  of  the  citizens  were 
held  up  on  the  streets  in  the  dark  and  relieved  of  all 


LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  203 

they  had  ;  servants  sent  out  upon  errands  were  impressed, 
supplies  were  short  and  business  was  dead. 

The  college  and  many  factories  had  been  turned  into 
hospitals,  and  the  ladies  had  opened  one  in  the  City 
Hotel.  At  this  time  there  were  three  thousand  sick 
and  wounded  soldiers  here,  and,  besides  caring  for  these, 
the  army  must  be  helped.  The  churches  voted  to  con- 
tribute their  bells  to  make  cannon,  tableaux  and  con- 
certs were  being  held  to  raise  money  for  the  army,  and 
the  women  were  still  hard  at  work  making  articles  of 
clothing  and  preparing  boxes  for  the  soldiers. 

Lieutenant  E.  A.  Langhorne  died  in  December,  and 
Charles  R.  Slaughter,  who  drew  the  ordinance  of  seces- 
sion passed  by  Virginia,  February  10.  Since  the  open- 
ing of  1862,  there  were  no  reports  of  serious  fights  in 
which  our  men  were  engaged  until  May  8,  when  the 
city  was  in  a  high  state  of  excitement  on  account  of 
the  report  that  a  bloody  battle  had  been  fought  near 
Williamsburg,  and  the  Eleventh  Virginia  had  borne  a 
prominent  part.  The  deepest  anxiety  was  felt,  because 
so  little  could  be  learned,  besides  the  fact  of  the  battle 
and  that  Colonel  Samuel  Garland  had  been  wounded. 
Later  a  full  report  came  in,  giving  an  account  of  the 
fight  and  a  list  of  the  killed,  wounded  and  missing. 

After  this  report  was  received  a  public  meeting  was 
called  at  Dudley  Hall  to  make  arrangements  for  look- 
ing after  our  wounded  soldiers  around  Richmond. 
Bishop  John  Early  presided,  and  the  meeting  sent  a 
committee  and  corps  of  nurses  to  take  the  matter  in 
charge. 


204  LYNCHBUEG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

The  sad  realities  of  war  were  now  becoming  more 
and  more  apparent  as  the  bodies  of  our  brave  soldiers 
were  being  brought  home  for  burial.  Nearly  every- 
day some  home  was  made  sad,  as  the  loved  one  dead 
was  brought  back ;  but  especially  sad  was  Saturday, 
June  7.  It  was  a  calm  summer  day,  and  one  long  to 
be  remembered  in  Lynchburg.  The  bodies  of  Adjutant 
J.  Lawrence  Meem,  Sergeant  C.  W.  Terry,  privates  E. 
H.  Elliott,  Samuel  B.  Tyree,  A.  W.  Cross  and  John 
A.  Reid  reached  here  and  were  placed  in  the  vestibule 
of  the  Second  Presbyterian  church.  They  were  mem- 
bers of  the  Home  Guard,  and  had  been  killed  at  the 
battle  of  Seven  Pines.  At  ten  o'clock  on  this  mem- 
orable morning  the  bodies  were  placed  each  in  a  separate 
hearse  in  the  order  named  and  borne  to  the  tomb. 
They  were  escorted  by  five  or  six  companies  of  the 
Forty-second  North  Carolina  regiment,  and  by  other 
soldiers,  followed  by  friends  and  families  of  the  deceased 
in  carriages,  citizens  on  horseback  and  many  a-foot. 

The  line  of  march  was  up  Church  to  Seventh,  then  to 
Main,  down  Main  to  Twelfth,  and  out  Twelfth  to  the 
Presbyterian  cemetery.  The  procession  was  a  long  one, 
taking  thirteen  minutes  to  pass  a  given  point.  The 
streets  were  crowded  with  a  mournful  multitude,  and 
all  the  places  of  business  were  closed  except  the  banks. 
The  funeral  services  were  conducted  by  Rev.  J.  D. 
Mitchell,  of  Second  Presbyterian  church,  and  Rev.  H. 
P.  Mitchell,  of  Centenary.  After  the  services  at  the 
cemetery  were  over,  the  bodies  of  A.  W.  Cross  and  John 
A.  Reid  were  carried  to  Spring  Hill.     Never,  perhaps, 


LYJSCHBUEG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  205 

was  there  a  more  solemn  and  deeply  impressive  occasion 
than  this  one. 

The  gloom  deepened  as  day  after  day  some  of  Lynch- 
burg's cherished  sons  who  had  fallen  in  defense  of  their 
country  were  brought  home.  Others  whose  remains 
were  brought  here,  or  who  had  died,  were  John  Murrell, 
Robert  E.  Apperson,  Lieutenant  J.  H.  Didlake,  Robert 
C.  Saunders,  Robert  Calhoun,  Sergeant  J.  K.  Seabury, 
John  F.  Mitchell,  W.  K.  Trigg,  Sergeant  Octavius 
Victor,  Captain  Gaston  Otey,  George  W.  Brown  and 
W.  H.  Poindexter.  Rev.  John  C.  Granbery  was 
reported  killed  at  Seven  Pines,  but  he  was  only  wounded 
at  Frazier's  farm.  Colonel  M.  S.  Langhorne  was 
wounded  while  leading  a  charge  across  the  enemy's 
encampment.  William  Taylor,  a  private,  heedless  of  his 
own  danger,  went  to  his  assistance.  Colonel  Langhorne- 
said :  "  If  I  die  tell  my  friends  I  was  killed  in  leading 
the  Eleventh  regiment  in  a  charge  against  the  enemy." 

The  saddest  news  yet  received  was  that  which  came 
September  15.  It  was  announced  that  General  Samuel 
Garland  had  been  killed  the  day  before,  Sunday,  at 
South  Mountain,  near  Boonsboro,  Md.  He  was  with 
General  D.  PI.  Hill,  and  fell  while  attempting  to 
rally  his  brigade  to  charge  the  enemy.  General  Gar- 
land never  lost  his  cool  self-possession,  not  even  in 
this  hour,  for  before  he  closed  his  eyes  forever,  he  said  : 
"  I  am  killed — send  for  the  senior  colonel,  and  tell 
him  to  take  command."  His  remains  were  brought 
here  by  his  aid-de-camp,  Lieutenant  Maurice  Garland, 
and    on    Friday  afternoon,  September   19,  after  ser- 


206  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

vice  conducted  by  Rev.  W.  H.  Kinckle,  at  St.  Paul's 
church,  they  were  borne  to  the  Presbyterian  cemetery 
and  laid  to  rest.  In  compliance  with  a  resolution  of 
the  council,  all  of  the  places  of  business  were  closed,  and 
nearly  the  whole  population  turned  out  to  honor  the 
dead  soldier.  All  the  soldiers  here  who  were  able  to 
march  were  in  the  procession,  as  were  the  city  officers 
and  many  of  the  citizens.  The  bells  tolled,  and  the 
whole  community  mourned  the  loss  of  this  distinguished 
man. 

General  Samuel  Garland,  Jr.,  was  born  in  Lynchburg, 
December  16,  1830.  He  was  the  only  child  of  Maurice 
H.,  and  Caroline  M.  Garland,  who  is  now  living.  At 
fourteen  he  entered  Randolph  Macon  College,  where  he 
spent  one  year.  From  there  he  went  to  the  Virginia 
Military  Institute,  and  took  high  honors.  From  here 
he  went  to  the  University  of  Virginia,  where  he  per- 
fected himself  in  the  branches  of  a  literary  education 
and  prepared  to  practice  law. 

He  began  the  practice  of  law  here,  and  in  1856 
married  Eliza  C.  Meem,  the  daughter  of  John  C. 
Meem,  of  this  city.  General  Garland  was  an  earnest  and 
successful  la\vyer,  and  had  great  power  as  a  public 
speaker.  His  election  as  captain  of  the  Home  Guard, 
organized  after  John  Brown's  raid,  has  already  been 
mentioned. 

The  Eleventh  Virginia  was  formed  at  Manassas,  and 
Garland,  who  was  already  a  colonel,  was  put  in  com- 
mand. The  regiment  was  composed  of  four  companies 
from  Lynchburg — Rifle  Grays,  Capt,  M.  S.  Langhorne, 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        207 

Company  A ;  Beauregards,  Captain  C.  V.  Winfree, 
Company  E  ;  Home  Guard,  Captain  K.  Otey,  Com- 
pany G ;  and  Jefferson  Davis  Guards,  Captain  Risque 
Hutter,  Company  H ;  two  from  Compbell  county, 
Company  C,  Captain  Clements ;  Comany  B,  Captain 
Saunders ;  two  from  Botetourt,  Companies  H  and  K  ; 
one  from  Fauquier,  Company  I.  This  regiment  dis- 
tinguished itself  in  many  engagements  in  the  war. 

After  the  battle  of  Williamsburg,  in  which  Colonel 
Garland  was  wounded,  on  recommendation  of  General 
G.  W.  Randolph,  Secretary  of  AVar,  he  was  made 
brigadier-general,  along  with  Generals  Kemper,  Arm- 
stead  and  Pryor.  After  he  was  able  to  take  the  field 
again,  he  was  assigned  a  brigade,  consisting  of  four 
North  Carolina  regiments,  which  he  commanded  until 
he  was  killed.  He  was  a  true  gentleman,  a  learned 
man  and  gallant  commander,  and  was  in  the  flower  of 
life  and  full  of  honors  w^hen  he  fell,  being  only  thirty- 
one  years  of  age. 

Major-General  D.  H.  Hill  was  not  a  man  given  to 
praise  ;  it  will  therefore  be  of  interest  to  read  what  he 
says  of  General  Garland  in  his  report  to  the  War  De- 
partment, Confederate  States  of  America.  "  Brigadier- 
General  Garland  was  killed  at  South  Mountain — the 
most  fearless  man  I  ever  knew,  a  Christian  hero,  a  ripe 
scholar  and  a  most  accomplished  gentleman." 

Lynchburg  could  not  long  stop  to  mourn  for  the 
dead,  such  were  the  demands  upon  it  to  help  the  liv- 
ing. General  Jackson  sent  three  thousand,  five  hun- 
dred of  his  prisoners  here  and  many  of  the  wounded. 


208  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

Nearly  every  suitable  building  that  could  be  secured 
was  turned  into  a  hospital.  Up  to  September  25,  nine 
hundred  and  thirty  soldiers  had  died  in  the  hospitals 
here.  Spring  Hill  cemetery  offered  Monumental 
Circle  for  their  burial,  but  most  of  them  were  interred 
in  the  soldiers'  square  at  the  City  cemetery. 

Mr.  Lincoln  issued  a  proclamation,  September  22, 
that  if  the  Confederates  did  not  return  to  their  alle- 
giance he  would  emancipate  the  slav^es.  No  attention 
was  paid  to  this,  and  January  1,  18  63,  the  Proclama- 
tion of  Emancipation  was  issued.  This  produced  little 
effect,  for  the  same  month,  in  front  of  the  market,  a  negro 
man  of  forty,  a  carpenter,  was  sold  for  three  thousand, 
one  hundred  and  twenty  dollars;  a  boy  eighteen,  for 
one  thousand,  eight  hundred  and  sixty  dollars,  and 
a  girl  fifteen,  for  one  thousand,  five  hundred  dollars. 
The  price  of  slaves  had  really  gone  up  since  the  procla- 
mation. 

The  condition  of  the  city  this  year  was  even  worse 
than  it  Avas  last  year  ;  rowdies,  rogues  and  assassins  were 
more  numerous,  having  come  in  with  tlie  soldiers. 
People  were  robbed  on  the  streets,  houses  and  stores 
were  broken  into,  and  meat-houses  stood  no  chance  at 
all — they  were  emptied  as  soon  as  filled.  Prices  were 
high  ;  flour  was  thirty-six  dollars  a  barrel,  sugar  one 
hundred  and  forty-five  dollars  a  barrel,  butter  two  dol- 
lars and  twenty  cents  a  pound,  and  bacon  one  dollar 
and  twenty-five  cents.  It  was  said  that  a  burglar  broke 
into  a  dry  goods  store  and  found  prices  so  high  that  he 
could  not  reach  anything.      High  prices,  with  the  fact 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        209 

that  discipline  was  not  well  enforced,  induced  the  un- 
principled to  steal.  A  meeting  was  held  at  Dudley- 
Hall  January  20,  and  stringent  measures  were  adopted 
to  remedy  this  state  of  affairs. 

A  soldiers'  relief  society  had  been  organized  here,  and 
John  B.  Tilden  was  employed  as  its  agent.  He  did  his 
work  well,  and  proved  a  faithful  and  untiring  friend  ot 
the  soldiers.  He  visited  every  camp  where  the  Lynch- 
burg boys  were,  and  carried  many  a  package  of  food 
and  clothing  from  the  wives  and  mothers  of  the  sol- 
diers. Such  was  his  service  that  the  council  passed  a 
resolution  thanking  him. 

Doctor  Thomas.  T.  Blackford,  an  old  citizen,  died 
February  27,  and  a  number  of  our  citizens  had  been 
reported  killed.*  Among  them  were  J.  N.  Butter- 
worth,  killed  September  17  ;  Corporal  Joseph  Phelps, 
Latham's  Battery,  January ;  W.  P.  Taliaferro,  Febru- 
ary ;  Lieutenant  E.  W.  Horner,  wounded  and  died 
March  15. 

Lynchburg,  with  all  of  the  South,  received  a  severe 
shock  when  the  news  was  received  that  General  Thomas 
J.  Jackson  had  been  wounded.  May  5,  by  one  of  his 
own  men,  near  Chancellorsville,  and  when  the  later 
news  came  that  on  May  10,  at  Guinea  Station,  he  had 
died,  deep  gloom  shrouded  the  city.  It  was  learned 
that  his  remains  would  be  taken  to  Richmond,  and  from 
there  to  Lexington,  and  that  they  would  reach  here  the 
afternoon  of  Wednesday,  13th,  over  the  Orange  and 

*  I  regret  that  I  could  not  get  full  reports  of  the  Lynchburgers  killed. 
I  give  the  names  of  as  many  as  I  could  get. 


210  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Alexandria  road,  and  on  the  same  day  be  transferred  to 
the  packet  boat.  The  city  felt  it  an  honor  to  hold  the 
precious  dust  of  this  great  man,  even  for  a  short  while, 
and  prepared  to  give  some  evidence  of  the  great  es- 
teem in  which  it  held  him. 

The  following  proclamation  was  issued  : 

"It  having  been  announced  that  the  remains  of  the  lamented 
General  Thomas  J.  Jackson  will  reach  this  city  by  the  Orange  and 
Alexandria  train  this  evening  at  6  :30  o'clock,  on  their  way  to  Lex- 
ington, the  home  of  the  deceased,  for  interment,  it  seems  befitting  the 
mournful  occasion,  as  a  mark  of  respect  for  the  great  man  fallen,  that 
business  of  all  kind  in  this  city  be  suspended,  and  business  houses 
closed  at  5  p.  m.,  that  minute  guns  be  fired,  and  the  bells  of  the 
churches  tolled.  And  I  respectfully  invite  the  reverend  clergy  of  the 
city  in  a  body,  the  authorities  of  the  city  in  a  body,  the  soldiers 
present  among  us,  the  citizens  and  strangers  in  the  city,  to  attend  at 
the  depot  on  the  arrival  of  the  train.  And  I  do  appoint  General 
Charles  Dimmick  chief-marshal ;  John  G.  Meem,  John  S.  Lang- 
home,  Lorenzo  Norvell,  William  M.  Blackford  and  F.  B.  Dean, 
assistants.  And  I  request  John  M.  Speed,  Edward  D.  Christian, 
John  II.  Flood,  James  K.  Holt,  Robert  H.  Glass  and  A.  Mc- 
Donald to  act  as  a  committee  to  attend  the  remains  to  the  place  of 
burial,  in  case  the  same  shall  not  arrive  under  military  escort." 

William  D.  Branch,  Mayor. 

Lynchburg,  May  13,  1863." 

When  the  train  arrived  an  immense  throng  of  peo- 
ple were  sadly  waiting  to  receive  the  remains.  The 
coffin  was  placed  in  the  hearse  and  the  procession 
formed  in  the,  following  order,  General  Dimmick  and 
Colonel  M.  S.  Langhorne  commanding: 

Chief  marshals  with  aides. 

Escort — armed  troops  under  direction  of  their  respective  officers. 

Hearse,  accompanied  by  pall  bearers. 

Guard  accompaning  remains. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        211 

Officers  and  soldiers  who  had  served  under  General  Jackson. 

Citizens  and  strangers  on  foot. 

Clergymen. 

All  officers  and  soldiers  in  the  city. 

Mayor  and  city  authorities. 

Citizens  mounted. 

Citizens  in  carriages. 

The  line  of  march  was  down  Jeiferson  to  Bridge, 
thence  to  Main,  up  Main  to  Seventh,  thence  to  Church, 
down  Church  to  Twelfth,  back  to  Main  street,  thence 
to  Bridge,  and  down  to  the  packet  landing. 

It  was  a  memorable  day  in  the  history  of  Lynch- 
burg, because  of  the  gloom.  Never  was  the  city  more 
profoundly  impressed  and  moved  upon  than  it  was 
when  it  held  the  body  of  this  great  and  good  man.  All 
that  could  be  done  was  done  to  offer  the  tribute  of 
love.  An  immense  concourse  of  people  thronged  the 
streets,  and  every  window  and  balcony  along  the  line 
of  the  procession,  and  even  the  hills  above,  were  filled 
with  spectators.  It  was  an  affecting  scene  to  witness 
the  fifteen  hundred  and  more  convalescent  soldiers, 
mained  and  suffering,  many  of  them  Jackson's  war- 
worn veterans,  following  the  remains  of  the  great  hero. 

Governor  Letcher,  Dr.  Hunter  McGuire,  Major 
Pendleton,  and  Lieutenants  Morrison  and  Smith  ac- 
companied the  remains.  Mrs.  Jackson,  her  servant 
and  children,  were  also  present.  The  civil  escort  ap- 
pointed by  the  mayor  attended  the  body  from  here.  It 
was  a  mournful  time,  for  Virginia  had  lost  one  of  her 
noblest  sons,  and  the  Confederacy  a  general  without  a 
superior. 


212  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Another  trouble  was  at  hand;  the  enemy  was  ap- 
proaching the  city.  This  greatly  stirred  the  people, 
and  they  began  to  make  arrangements  for  the  defence 
of  the  town,  A  cavalry  company  was  organized,  with 
J.  S.  Langhorne  captain;  then  the  Home  Guard, 
Company  A,  with  W.  A.  Strother  captain ;  an  artillery 
company,  H.  G.  Latham  captain,  and  Colonel  T>.  A.  Lang- 
horne organized  the  youths  of  the  city  between  fifteen 
and  eighteen  years  of  age  into  a  company.  There  was 
the  militia,  under  Captain  John  B.  Shaner,  and  the  other 
militia  companies  for  home  defence,  which  were :  No. 
1,  C.  V.  Winfree,  captain;  No.  2,  W.  B.  Brown,  cap- 
tain ;  No.  3,  J.  A.  Hamner,  captain ;  No.  4,  John  B. 
Winfree,  captain.  In  August,  C.  V.  Winfree  was 
elected  major  of  Militia  Battery  of  Lynchburg. 

The  council  was  doing  everything  in  its  power  to  pro- 
tect the  city.  The  militia  was  drilling  and  the  reserve 
force  was  in  good  condition.  A  strict  watch  was  kept,  and 
discipline  maintained  by  the  commander  here.  Soldiers 
were  punished  for  disobedience,  an  example  of  which 
was  that  inflicted  upon  three  white  men  for  sleeping  on 
duty.  In  front  of  the  provost  marshal's  office  on 
Main  street  was  a  platform,  fifteen  or  twenty  feet  high, 
on  which  these  men  were  placed  astride  a  plank,  turned 
edgewise.  They  were  compelled  to  stay  there  for 
hours,  derided  by  nearly  every  passer-by. 

Day  after  day  reports  came  of  Lynchburgers  who 
had  been  killed.  Among  those  killed  in  May  were 
W.  A.  Owen  at  Fredericksburg,  John  D.  Davis  at 
Chaffin's   Bluff,    Captain  W.   S.   Hannah  wounded  at 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        213 

Fredericksburg,  and  died  in  Richmond ;  in  June, 
Anthony  E.  Dornin  at  Antietam,  John  Maddin,  Charles 
S.  Saunders,  Thomas  A.  Edmonson  and  J.  K.  Lang- 
horne,  mortally  wounded.  July  1  the  battle  of  Gettys- 
burg took  place.  The  council  met  and  appointed  Dr. 
Samuel  B.  Christian,  G.  M.  Bruce,  W.  B.  Brown, 
Granville  Jordan,  E.  N.  Eubank  and  Jacob  Mauck,  a 
committee  to  go  to  Pennsylvania  and  look  after  the 
Lynchburg  soldiers  who  had  been  killed  and  wounded. 
Among-  the  killed  were  Ed.  Valentine  and  William 
Jennings.  Aug.  Leftwich  died  July  29,  and  in  Au- 
gust Garland  Poindexter  was  killed. 

A  sad  occurrence  took  place  here  August  20,  when 
in  a  rencontre  at  the  Norvell  House  L.  H.  Lyue  killed 
Dexter  Otey. 

The  gloom  that  overshadowed  the  place  made  every 
one  feel  the  need  of  repairing  to  the  churches  to  pray ; 
so  Friday,  the  21st,  was  declared  a  day  of  fasting  and 
prayer.  All  business  was  suspended  and  services  were 
held  at  all  of  the  churches. 

General  Robert  E.  Rodes,  a  Lynchburger,  was  dis- 
tinguishing himself  in  nearly  every  battle  in  which  he 
was  engaged,  and  his  friends  here,  wanting  to  express 
their  appreciation  of  him,  contributed  a  large  sum  to  buy 
him  a  fine  horse,  which  was  presented  to  him  October  30. 

Lincoln  made  a  proclamation  December  8,  inviting 
the  secedino;  States  to  return  to  the  Union.  The  eiFect 
it  had  here  was  the  effect  it  had  on  the  whole  South ; 
they  scorned  it.  It  was  too  late  now  to  consider  any 
proposition  of  that  kind. 


214  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS    PEOPLE. 

On  the  13th  Henry  Davis,  one  of  the  oldest  and 
best  citizens,  died,  and  on  the  19th  John  W.  Holt  was 
killed  near  Alleghany  Springs. 

Even  the  hardships  of  war  had  not  altogether  crushed 
the  enterprising  spirit  of  Lynchburg.  At  this  time  an 
effort  was  made  to  move  Randolph  Macon  College  here, 
and  Dr.  W.  A.  Smith  came  to  lay  the  facts  before  the  peo- 
ple. A  committee,  composed  of  A,  B.  Rucker,  James 
Matthias,  R.  F.  Henning,  R.  H.  Glass,  W.  A.  Miller, 
J.  H.  Flood,  Dr.  Thomas  Walker,  John  R.  McDaniel, 
G.  M.  Rucker,  J.  H.  Tyree  and  J.  M.  Cobbs,  was 
appointed  to  see  what  the  people  would  give  towards 
the  enterprise.  The  plan  was  to  purchase  the  Lynch- 
burg College,  then  heavily  in  debt,  and  used  as  a  Con- 
federate hospital.  The  people  could  not  give  the 
money  now,  so  the  college  went  to  Ashland.  Had  it 
been  any  other  time,  Lynchburg  would  have  had  it. 

The  first  thing  to  note  in  the  new  year  of  1864  was 
the  death,  on  January  21,  of  Dr.  James  Saunders,  an- 
other distinguished  citizen.  He  was  a  surgeon  in  the 
War  of  1812,  a  member  of  the  Reform  Convention  of 
1829-30,  and  had  represented  the  town  in  the  legisla- 
ture.    His  funeral  was  conducted  by  Bishop  Early. 

In  February  there  was  a  money  panic,  caused  by  the 
decline  in  the  value  of  Confederate  money.  Living 
was  high,  butter  being  six  dollars  and  fifty  cents,  bacon 
five  dollars,  sugar  eight  dollars  a  pound,  and  flour  two 
hundred  and  fifty  dollars  a  barrel.  If  provisions  and 
clothing  were  scarce  at  home,  what  must  the  army  have 
suffered.  These  hard  times  did  not  deter  the  noble  women 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        215 

from  doing  all  they  could  to  help  the  army.  They 
established  a  library  for  the  soldiers  here,  nursed  in  the 
hospitals,  sewed  for  them,  and  established  a  knitting 
society.  During  February  and  March  this  society 
knitted  by  hand  more  than  one  thousand  pairs  of  socks 
for  the  soldiers — almost  equal  to  one  of  our  modern 
knitting  machines.  Paper  could  scarcely  be  gotten ; 
the  Daily  Virginian  was  now  printed  on  a  single  sheet 
twelve  by  eighteen  inches,  with  five  columns,  and  with- 
out a  heading.  In  these  awful  times  nothing  was 
abundant  except  sorrow  and  death. 

Besides  the  Rifle  Grays,  Home  Guard,  Latham's 
Battery,  Beauregard  Rifles  and  Wise  Troop,  already 
mentioned,  the  other  companies  that  went  from  Lynch- 
burg were  the  Lynchburg  Rifles,  Jeff.  Davis  Rifles, 
Lee  Battery,  Davidson's  Battery,  Kirkpatrick's  Bat- 
tery, Lee's  Body  Guard  and  the  Heavy  Artillery.* 

A  pleasant  affair  took  place  March  27.  Hays' 
Louisiana  brigade  presented  Major  John  W.  Daniel 
with  an  elegant  pair  of  silver  spurs,  as  an  expression  of 
appreciation  of  his  service  in  assisting  them  during  the 
past  winter,  when  they  were  suffering  for  the  necessaries 
of  life. 

Another  old  citizen  passed  away  ;  Dr.  John  H.  Pat- 
teson  died  April  20.  The  papers  said  of  him:  "The 
good  old  man  has  gone  to  rest.  He  who  was  ever  so 
genial  and  pleasant,  whom  everybody  loved  and  whose 
presence  was  always  as  a  ray  of  light  in  a  sick  chamber, 

*  For  rosters,  see  Appendix. 


216  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

has  ceased  from  his  labors.  One  of  the  oldest  and  most 
distinguished  citizens  has  gone.  No  better  man  ever 
lived.  He  had  a  large  practice,  but  was  never  rich, 
because  he  seemed  to  care  more  for  ministering  to  the 
distressed  than  for  accumulating  wealth."  Two  days 
later  his  funeral  was  conducted  from  Court  Street 
Church  by  the  pastor,  Kev.  R.  N.  Sledd. 

In  the  reports  of  the  killed  the  names  of  the  follow- 
ing from  Lynchburg  appeared :  In  May,  Henry  D. 
Yancey,  C.  C.  Clark  and  John  Jones ;  in  June,  John 
E.  Christian  and  W.  C.  Harris. 

Lynchburg  was  more  fortunate  than  other  places; 
for  up  to  this  time  it  had  escaped  the  attacks  of  the 
enemy.  This,  however,  did  not  keep  the  people  from 
active  preparation  for  home  defence.  The  citizens  were 
uneasy,  fearing  that  a  raiding  party  would  come  at 
almost  any  time.  April  3,  it  was  reported  that  General 
Averell  was  coming  this  way  on  a  big  raid,  and  that 
he  intended  to  take  Lynchburg,  so  as  to  cut  off  General 
Lee's  supplies.  This  amounted  to  nothing,  and  the  city 
was  quiet  again  until  June  11,  when  the  whole  place 
was  thrown  into  great  excitement.  The  news  came 
that  Sheridan  was  at  Arrington  Depot,  about  twenty- 
eight  miles  from  here,  and  that  he  was  moving  this 
way.  Earthworks  were  thrown  up  on  the  Amherst  side, 
and  a  large  force  was  gotten  in  order  to  protect  the 
town.  While  these  preparations  were  in  progress  a 
telegram  came  that  Generals  "Wade  Hampton  and  Fitz- 
hugh  Lee  had  overhauled  the  Federal  troops  at  Trevil- 
ians  and  driven   them  back  with  great  defeat.     The 


^  * 


z'. 


4\    'jl, 


(:■■ 


^R^  'P\T  ^l  ATT  hews'  Dinncu  R^l<T^^ 


0 


_  Warren  Gontittwfl)- 


hi 


\  Dirsjergusoft  i 


r 


%k  Cipl.Pleasanl  Labi.') 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        217 

quick  and   decisive  action  of  General  Hampton   had 
saved  Lynchburg. 

This  brought  relief,  but  it  was  only  temporary,  for  on 
Sunday,  June  12,  it  was  announced  that  General  David 
Hunter,  with  a  large  force,  was  moving  on  Lynchburg, 
and  was  then  not  far  from  New  London.  The  city 
was  greatly  stirred  again,  and  at  once  set  to  work  to 
defend  itself.  All  business  was  suspended  and  every 
able-bodied  man,  young  and  old,  who  was  able  to  bear 
arms,  except  a  few  skulkers,  went  out  to  the  front  to 
make  trenches  and  prepare  for  the  fight.  General  J. 
C.  Breckinridge  was  telegraphed  to  move  at  once  to 
Lynchburg  with  his  forces.  General  Imboden,  with 
some  cavalry,  pursued  raiding  parties  of  the  enemy,  who 
burned  Concord  depot,  and  w^ere  moving  towards 
Campbell  Courthouse.  In  his  swift  movements  from 
place  to  place  nearly  all  of  his  horses  were  disabled. 

General  John  McCausland,  with  about  fifteen  hun- 
dred cavalrymen,  had  greatly  impeded  the  progress  of 
General  Hunter  with  his  twenty  thousand  men  since  he 
left  Staunton  on  his  terrible  raid  towards  Lynchburg. 
This  small  force  greatly  harassed  Hunter ;  they  burned 
the  bridge  at  Buchanan,  blocked  the  roads  with  trees, 
attacked  his  front  and  moved  away  before  the  rest  of 
his  command  came  up.  In  his  skirmish  with  the 
enemy  Thursday,  near  New  London,  General  Mc- 
Causland suffered  considerably.  The  Charlotte  cavalry, 
under  Captain  E.  E.  Bouldin,  deserves  special  mention 
for  the  part  it  took  as  General  McCausland's  rear 
guard. 


218  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Thursday,  General  Breckinridge  reached  here,  much 
to  the  relief  of  the  citizens,  and  at  once  telegraphed 
General  Early  at  Gordonsville  that  the  enemy  was 
moving  on  Lynchburg.  In  the  meantime  General 
Breckinridge,  being  disabled  on  account  of  an  injury 
received  from  the  fall  of  a  horse,  sent  General  D.  H. 
Hill,  who  was  in  the  city,  to  make  such  arrangements 
as  he  could  for  the  defence  of  the  place.  Brigadier- 
General  Hays  also  assisted  him. 

General  Hill  found  the  malitia,  the  reserves,  the 
convalescent  soldiers  and  the  volunteers  guarding  every 
pass  to  the  city.  The  people,  though  anxious,  were 
collected  and  thoughtful.  Nearly  every  man  was  deter- 
mined to  defend  the  toAvn  to  the  last  extremity.  Day 
by  day,  and  hour  by  hour,  the  scouts  would  arrive,  and 
report  the  progress  and  position  of  the  foe. 

Friday  morning,  June  17,  1864,  it  was  reported  that 
the  enemy  had  approached  within  a  few  miles  of  the 
city.  In  the  afternoon  continuous  firing  was  heard. 
It  was  the  brave  and  indomitable  McCausland,  with 
his  noble  little  band,  and  some  of  Imboden's  cavalry, 
near  the  Quaker  meeting  house.  He  was  still  trying 
to  hold  the  enemy  in  check  until  Early  arrived,  but 
was  forced  to  fall  back  towards  Lynchburg  after  having 
suffered  greatly  in  the  engagement. 

The  enemy  moved  up,  and  General  Hunter,  with 
Generals  W.  W.  Averell  and  George  Crook,  took  up  his 
headquarters  at  Sandusky,  the  home  of  Major  Hutter, 
near  the  Quaker  meeting  house,  and  used  one  of  the 
chimneys  of  the  house  for  a  signal  station. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        219 

After  the  fight  of  Friday  afternoon  hostilities  were 
suspended  until  Saturday  morning.  About  seven 
o'clock  our  batteries  on  the  Salem  turnpike  opened 
with  an  occasional  fire.  About  eleven  o'clock  a  furious 
cannonading  set  in  and  continued  until  late  in  the  after- 
noon. From  time  to  time  the  roll  ot  musketry  could 
be  heard  as  an  accompaniment  to  the  deep  tones  of  the 
artillery. 

People  eagerly  gazed  towards  the  north  to  see  if  they 
could  see  any  signs  of  Early,  who  was  coming  from 
Charlottesville.  About  one  o'clock  Saturday,  while 
the  firing  was  in  progress,  the  scream  of  a  locomotive 
was  heard  in  the  direction  of  Amherst  Courthouse,  and 
soon  a  dense  cloud  of  pine  smoke  was  seen.  A  thrill 
of  joy  went  like  an  electric  shock  through  the  whole 
place  as  the  train  came  over  the  bridge  into  the 
city,  the  cars  packed  with  men,  and  many  hanging  on 
the  outside.  When  the  soldiers  disembarked,  cheer  after 
cheer  rent  the  air.  Early  had  come,  and  Lynchburg 
was  safe  once  more. 

The  men  immediately  marched  to  the  front,  where 
Hunter  was  slowly  advancing,  and  the  few  troops  gath- 
ered here  were  bravely  trying  to  check  him.  Lieuten- 
ant Carter  Berkley,  with  a  few  pieces  of  artillery,  was 
doing  valiant  service  near  the  toll-gate,  when  the  post 
commander.  General  Francis  Nichols,  rode  up  the  line 
cheering  the  men  with  the  news  that  reinforcements 
were  coming.  About  this  time  Tinsley,  the  bugler  of 
the  Stonewall  Brigade,  came  up  the  road  sounding  the 
advance,  and  as  as  soon  the  men  caught  sight  of  General 


220  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Early's  slouch  hat  and  black  feather,  a  loud  cheer  rent 
the  air.  As  he  rode  among  them  he  exclaimed  :  "  No 
buttermilk  rangers  after  you  now,  d —  you."  The 
Federal  troops  soon  found  out  the  truth  of  the  state- 
ment, when  Early  began  to  pour  shot  and  shell  into 
their  ranks. 

The  line  of  battle  extended  about  a  half  mile  above 
the  toll-gate  on  the  Salem  turnpike,  moving  in  a  north- 
erly direction,  including  a  portion  of  the  land  of  Dr. 
Owen,  Charles  Moorman,  John  B.  Lee,  H.  S.  Barks- 
dale,  and  terminating  on  the  farm  of  Seth  Halsey,  near 
Blackwater  creek,  a  distance  of  about  three  miles. 

Such  was  the  roughness  of  the  country  here  and  the 
thickness  of  the  wood  that  it  was  difficult  for  any  one 
to  get  a  view  of  the  fight.  One  of  our  citizens,  who 
was  in  a  position  to  see,  said  that  a  battery  on  Halsey's 
farm  did  great  execution.  A  large  body  of  cavalry, 
several  thousand,  drew  up  in  line  of  battle  on  Barks- 
dale's  farm,  on  the  Forest  road.  They  charged  upon 
our  fortifications  with  great  spirit,  screaming  defiantly 
and  crying  :  "  Come  out  of  your  holes,  you  d —  rascals, 
we've  got  you  now."  When  they  had  gotten  within 
reach  of  our  grape  and  canister  the  order  was  given  to 
fire.  Terrible  volleys  were  poured  into  them,  when 
they  broke  and  fled,  seeking  a  hole  for  themselves. 
Saturday  evening  the  battle  ended,  and  at  night,  like  the 
Arab,  General  Hunter  quietly  folded  his  tent  and  stole 
away.  Some  who  are  versed  in  military  aiFairs  said  that 
had  the  advice  of  General  Rodes  been  taken,  Hunter 
and  his  whole  command  would  have  been  captured. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        221 

Sunday  morning  General  Early  gave  chase  and  over- 
took the  Federal  troops  near  Liberty,  inflicting  great 
loss  upon  them. 

In  Lynchburg  there  was  quite  a  difference  between 
this  Sunday  and  the  one  preceding.  Now,  there  was 
the  joy  of  deliverance ;  before,  there  was  the  gloom  of 
impending  ruin.  All  day  people  were  going  to  and 
comino;  from  the  field  of  battle.  About  one  hundred 
dead  Yankees  were  strewn  over  the  field,  many  of 
whom  were  nude  and  terribly  torn  by  shells ;  others 
were  shot  through  the  head  and  heart,  showing  the  accu- 
rate aim  of  our  men.  Some  were  fierce-looking,  heavily 
bearded  foreigners,  while  others  were  beardless  boys. 
As  these  young  men  were  laid  away  in  an  unknown 
grave  in  the  land  they  sought  to  despoil,  many  who  stood 
near  thought  of  the  mother  far  away  waiting  for  the  re- 
turning boy  who  had  gone  down  to  the  darkness  of  the 
tomb.  So  precipitate  was  the  enemy's  flight  that  the  dead 
of  Saturday  were  left  to  be  buried  by  their  foes,  or  else 
devoured  by  dogs  or  vultures.  Major  Hutter's  barn 
was  used  as  a  hospital  and  many  wounded  Federal  sol- 
diers were  cared  for  there.  On  the  left  of  the  road  near 
the  Quaker  meeting  house  there  were  five  graves.  The 
wooden  boards  placed  at  their  heads  showed  them  to 
be  the  following  members  of  the  Ninety-first  Ohio 
volunteer  infantry :  George  Straup,  first-lieutenant 
Company  D  ;  William  Randall,  Company  F  ;  Samuel 
McKee,  Company  I ;  William  Emmons,  Company  K. 
On  the  other  side  of  the  road  a  man  was  laid  out  in  a 
blanket,  and  on  his  breast  was  pinned  a  piece  of  paper 


222  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

with  tliis  written  on  it :  "  Eo.  J.  Simpson,  Co.  I.  1st 
Ya.  Light  Infantry."  Hunter's  loss  was  one  hun- 
dred killed,  and  about  five  hundred  wounded  and  miss- 
ing.    Our  loss  M^as  six  killed  and  ninety-five  wounded. 

It  is  said  that  Hunter  was  led  into  Lynchburg  by  a 
fellow  that  lived  here.  If  such  be  the  case,  his  name 
should  be  known,  that  the  execrations  of  generations  to 
come  might  be  poured  out  upon  this  vile  traitor,  who 
deserves  to  be  ranked  with  Judas  and  his  kind. 

Hunter  at  first  made  Major  Hutter  a  prisoner  in  his 
own  house,  and  afterwards  released  him.  He  talked 
freely  with  Major  Hutter,  having  known  him  as  an 
army  officer  before  the  war.  He  said  he  could  take 
Lynchburg  easily,  and  that  the  people  had  better  not 
make  any  resistance.  Friday  night  the  officers  were  in 
high  spirits  and  boasted  that  they  would  eat  supper  in 
the  city  Saturday  night.  When  that  time  arrived  they 
were  sad  and  gloomy,  and  preparing  to  hurry  away. 
Some,  however,  did  reach  Lynchburg,  for  General 
Early  sent  two  hundred  and  fifty  prisoners  here. 

With  Generals  Hunter  and  Sheridan,  trying  to  get 
to  Lynchburg,  there  were  two  men  that  afterwards  be- 
came president  of  the  United  States,  Colonel  R.  B. 
Hayes  and  Major  William  McKinley.  The  former  did 
get  here  in  later  years,  and  should  Mr.  McKinley  come 
this  way  now,  we  will  make  it  easier  for  him  to  enter 
our  city. 

General  Hunter  was  very  sullen  on  account  of  his 
defeat,  and  thus  wrote  General  Grant  about  one  of  his 
officers  :  "  I  dashed  on  towards  Lynchburg,  and  should 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        223 

certainly  have  taken  it  if  it  had  not  been  for  the  stu- 
pidity and  conceit  of  that  fellow  Averell,  who  unfor- 
tunately joined  me  at  Staunton."  Some  thought  this 
was  said  because  General  Averell  refused  to  adopt  the 
inhuman  methods  of  the  ex- Virginian.  This  was 
shown  on  several  occasions,  two  of  which  may  be  men- 
tioned. When  about  to  leave  Major  Hutter's,  General 
Averell  asked  him  what  he  had  left.  "  Nothing  sir ;  your 
men  have  taken  everything  I  have  to  eat,"  replied 
Major  Hutter.  "  Go  out  into  the  herd/'  said  the  General, 
"  and  take  your  ten  cows  and  drive  them  into  your  field, 
and  if  you  don't  find  yours,  take  ten  of  the  best  and 
add  five  for  interest."  Major  Hutter  could  not  find 
his  stock,  so  he  took  fifteen  of  the  best  he  could  find. 
The  Yankees  moved  off,  and  next  day  several  of  the 
neighbors  came  to  notify  the  Major  that  their  cows  were 
in  his  field,  and  notwithstanding  General  Averell's 
kindness,  he  was  still  left  without  a  cow. 

It  is  well  luiown  that  when  General  Sheridan  gave 
his  order  to  burn  and  destroy  in  the  Shenandoah  Val- 
ley, "  so  that  a  crow  flying  over  would  have  to  carry 
his  rations,"  General  Averell  said  he  could  not  execute 
it,  for  it  was  against  the  rules  of  civilized  warfare. 
When  told  that  he  must  either  execute  the  order  or  be 
discharged,  he  promptly  sent  in  his  resignation.  Gen- 
eral Hunter  knew  no  mercy,  and  was  a  stranger  to  the 
feelings  of  humanity  in  his  ruinous  raid,  hence  his  re- 
marks about  General  Averell. 

General  Early's  description  of  his  movements  about 
Lynchburg  are  of  interest,  and  may  be  quoted  in  full  : 


224  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

"From  Louisa  Courthouse  I  had  sent  a  dispatch  to  Gordonsville, 
to  be  forwarded  by  telegraph  to  Breckinridge,  and  on  my  arrival  at 
Charlottesville  on  June  16,  to  which  place  I  rode  in  advance  of  the 
troops,  I  received  a  telegram  from  him,  dated  at  Lynchburg,  in- 
forming me  that  Hunter  was  then  in  Bedford  county,  about  twenty 
miles  from  that  place,  and  moving  on  it.  The  railroad  and  telegraph 
between  Lynchburg  and  Charlottesville  had  been,  fortunately,  but 
slightly  injured  by  the  enemy's  cavalry,  and  had  been  repaired. 
The  distance  between  the  two  places  was  sixty  miles,  and  there  was 
no  train  at  Charlottesville,  except  one  which  belonged  to  the  Central 
road,  and  was  about  starting  for  Waynesboro.  I  ordered  this  to  be 
detained,  and  immediately  directed,  by  telegram,  all  the  trains  of 
the  two  roads  to  be  sent  to  me  with  all  despatch,  for  the  purpose  of 
transporting  my  troops  to  Lynchburg.  The  trains  were  not  in  readi- 
ness to  take  the  troops  on  board  until  sunrise  on  the  morning  of  the 
17th,  and  then  only  enough  were  furnished  to  transport  about  half 
of  my  infantry.  Kamseur's  division,  one  brigade  of  Gordon's  divi- 
sion, and  part  of  another,  were  put  on  the  trains  as  soon  as  they 
were  ready,  and  started  for  Lynchburg.  Kodes'  division,  and  the 
residue  of  Gordon' s,  were  ordered  to  move  along  the  railroad  to  meet 
the  trains  on  their  return.  The  artillery  and  wagon  trains  had  been 
started  on  the  ordinary  roads  at  daylight. 

I  accompanied  Ramseur's  division,  going  on  the  front  train,  but 
the  road  and  rolling-stock  were  in  sucli  bad  condition  that  I  did  not 
reach  Lynchburg  until  about  1  p.  m.,  and  the  other  trains  were  much 
later.  I  found  General  Breckinridge  in  bed,  suffering  from  an  in- 
jury received  by  the  fall  of  a  horse  killed  under  him  in  action  near 
Cold  Harbor.  He  had  moved  from  Rockfish  Gap  to  Lynchburg  by 
a  forced  march,  as  soon  as  Hunter's  movement  toward  that  place 
was  discovered.  When  1  showed  him  my  instructions,  he  very 
readily  and  cordially  oflered  to  co-operate  with  me,  and  serve  under 
my  command. 

Hunter's  advance  from  Staunton  had  been  impeded  by  a  brigade 
of  cavalry  under  Brigadier-General  McCausland,  which  had  been 
managed  with  great  skill,  and  kept  in  his  front  all  the  way,  and  he 
was  reported  to  be  then  advancing  on  the  old  stone  turnpike  from 
Liberty,  in  Bedford  county,  by  New  London,  and  watched  by  Imbo- 
den,  with  a  small  force  of  cavalry. 

As  General  Breckinridge  was  unable  to  go  out,    at  his  request 


\  LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        225 

General  D.  H.  Hill,  who  happened  to  be  in  town,  had  made  arrange- 
ments for  the  defence  of  the  city  with  such  troops  as  were  at  hand. 
Brigadier-General  Hays,  who  was  an  invalid  from  a  wound  received 
at  Spottsylvania  Courthouse,  had  tendered  his  services  and  also  aided 
in  making  arrangements  for  the  defence.  I  rode  with  General  Hill 
to  examine  the  line  selected  by  him,  and  make  a  reconnoissance  of  the 
country  in  front.  Slight  works  had  been  hastily  thro\vn  up  on  Col- 
lege Hill,  covering  the  turnpike  and  Forest  road  from  Liberty,  which 
were  manned  by  Breckinridge's  infantry,  and  the  dismounted  cavalry 
which  had  been  with  Jones  at  Piedmont.  The  reserves,  invalids 
from  the  hospitals,  and  the  cadets  from  the  Military  Institute  at 
Lexington,  occupied  other  parts  of  the  line.  An  inspection  satisfied 
me  that  while  this  arrangement  was  the  best  that  could  be  made, 
under  the  circumstances  in  which  General  Hill  found  himself,  yet  it 
would  leave  the  town  exposed  to  the  fire  of  the  enemy's  artillery, 
should  he  advance  to  the  attack,  and  I  therefore  determined  to 
meet  the  enemy  with  my  troops  in  front. 

We  found  Lnboden  about  four  miles  out  on  the  turnpike,  near  an 
old  Quaker  church,  to  which  position  he  had  been  gradually  forced 
back  by  the  enemy's  infantry.  My  troops,  as  they  arrived,  had  been 
ordered  in  front  of  the  works  to  bivouac,  and  I  immediately  sent 
orders  for  them  to  move  out  on  this  road,  and  two  brigades  of  Ram- 
seur'  s  division  arrived  just  in  time  to  be  thrown  across  the  road,  at  a 
redoubt  about  two  miles  from  the  city,  as  Imboden's  command  was 
driven  back  by  vastly  superior  numbers.  These  brigades,  with  two 
pieces  of  artillery  in  the  redoubt,  arrested  the  progress  of  the 
enemy,  and  Eamseur's  other  brigade,  and  the  part  of  Gordon's  divi- 
sion which  had  arrived,  took  position  on  the  same  line.  The  enemy 
opened  a  heavy  fire  of  artillery  on  us,  but,  as  night  soon  came  on, 
he  went  into  camp  in  our  front.  On  my  arrival  at  Lynchburg,  or- 
ders had  been  given  for  the  immediate  return  of  the  trains  for  the 
rest  of  my  infantry,  and  I  expected  it  to  arrive  by  the  morning  of 
the  18th,  but  it  did  not  get  to  Lynchburg  until  late  in  the  afternoon 
of  that  day.  Hunter's  force  was  considerably  larger  than  mine 
would  have  been,  had  it  all  been  up,  and  as  it  was  of  the  utmost 
consequence  to  the  army  at  Richmond  that  he  should  not  get  into 
Lynchburg  (Sheridan,  with  his  calvary,  was  to  have  united  with 
Hunter  at  Lynchburg,  and  the  two  together  were  to  have  destroyed 
General  Lee' s  communications  and  depots  of  supplies,  and  then  have 


226  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

joined  Grant).  I  did  not  feel  justified  in  attacking  him  until  I  could 
do  80  with  a  fair  prospect  of  success.  I  contented  myself,  therefore, 
with  acting  on  the  defensive  on  the  18th;  throwing  Breckinridge's  in- 
fantry and  a  part  of  his  artillery  on  the  front  line,  while  that  adopted 
by  General  Hill  was  occupied  by  the  dismounted  cavalry  and  the 
irregular  troops.  During  the  day  there  was  artillery  firing  and 
skirmishing  along  the  line,  and  in  the  afternoon  an  attack  was  made 
on  our  line  to  the  right  of  the  turnpike,  which  was  handsomely  re- 
pulsed, with  considerable  loss  to  the  enemy.  A  demonstration  of  the 
enemy's  cavalry  on  the  Forest  road  was  checked  by  part  of  Breckin- 
ridge's infantry,  under  Wharton,  and  McCausland's  cavalry. 

On  the  arrival  of  the  cars  from  Richmond  this  day  Major-Generals 
Elzey  and  Eansom  reported  for  duty,  the  former  to  command  the  in- 
fantry and  dismounted  cavalry  of  Breckinridge' s  command,  and  the 
latter  to  command  the  cavalry.  The  mounted  cavalry  consisted  of 
the  remnants  of  several  regiments  divided  into  two  commands,  one 
under  Imboden  and  the  other  under  McCausland.  It  wa.s  badly 
mounted  and  armed,  and  its  efficiency  much  impaired  by  the  defeat 
at  Piedmont,  and  the  arduous  services  it  had  recently  gone  through. 

As  soon  as  the  remainder  of  my  infantry  arrived  by  the  railroad, 
though  none  of  my  artillery  had  gotten  up,  arrangements  were 
made  for  attackmg  Hunter  at  daylight  on  the  19th  ;  but  some  time 
after  midnight  it  was  discovered  that  he  was  moving,  though  it  was 
not  known  whether  he  was  retreating  or  moving  so  as  to  attack 
Lynchburg  on  the  south,  where  it  was  vulnerable,  or  to  attempt  to 
join  Grant  on  the  south  side  of  James  river.  Pursuit  could  not, 
therefore,  be  made  at  once,  as  a  mistake,  if  either  of  these  last  two 
objects  had  been  contemplated,  would  have  been  fatal.  At  light, 
however,  the  pursuit  commenced,  the  Second  corps  moving  along  the 
turnpike,  over  which  it  was  discovered  Hunter  was  retreating,  and 
Elzey' 8  command  on  the  right  along  the  the  Forest  road,  while  Ran- 
som was  ordered  to  move  on  the  right  of  Elzey,  with  McCausland's 
cavalry,  and  endeavor  to  strike  the  emeny  at  Liberty  or  the  Peaks  of 
Otter.  Imboden,  who  was  on  the  road  from  Lynchburg  to  Campbell 
Courthouse,  to  watch  a  body  of  the  enemy's  cavalry  which  had 
moved  in  that  direction  the  day  before,  was  to  have  moved  on  the 
left  towards  Liberty,  but  orders  did  not  reach  him  in  time.  The 
enemy's  rear  was  overtaken  at  Liberty,  twenty-five  miles  from 
Lynchburg,  just  before  night,  and  driven  through  that  place  after  a 
brisk  skirmish  by  Ramseur's  division.  Jucal  A.  Eaely." 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        227 

The  people  were  profoundly  grateful  for  their  de- 
liverance from  the  terrible  destruction  that  threatened 
them.  The  city  council  held  a  meeting  June  24,  at 
which  the  following  resolutions  were  unanimously 
passed  : 

Resolved,  "That  the  thanks  of  the  city  are  due  and  are  hereby 
tendered  to  Lieutenant-General  Jubal  A.  Early  and  Major-General 
J.  C.  Breckinridge,  and  the  officers  and  soldiers  under  their  com- 
mands, for  their  timely  and  efficient  services  in  driving  the  enemy 
from  oui'  borders. 

And  to  Brigadier-General  F.  T.  Nichols,  commandant  of  the  post, 
for  his  untiring  and  successful  efforts  to  meet,  with  the  local  forces, 
the  advancing  foe. 

And  to  Major-General  D.  H.  Hill  and  Brigadier-General  H.  T. 
Hays  for  their  co-operation  in  organizing  the  local  forces  and  con- 
structing the  lines  of  defence. 

And  to  Lieutenant-Colonels  K.  E.  Burke  and  E.  J.  Hoge  (though 
themselves  on  crutches),  who  generously  volunteered  and  were 
placed  in  command  of  the  convalescents. 

And  to  the  officers  and  cadets  of  tlie  Virginia  Military  Institute,  a 
noble  band  of  youthful  heroes,  for  their  promptness  in  the  hour  of 
danger. 

And  to  Brigadier-General  John  McCausland,  and  the  officers  and 
soldiers  under  his  command,  for  their  gallantry  in  opposing  for  ten 
days  the  march  of  a  greatly  superior  force,  thereby  retarding  the 
advance  of  the  enemy  on  our  city  until  a  proper  force  could  be  or- 
ganized for  its  defence. 

And  to  Major-Generals  "Wade  Hampton  and  Fitzhugh  Lee,  and 
the  officers  and  soldiers  under  their  command,  for  the  defeat  of 
Sheridan,  thereby  preventing  a  junction  of  the  enemy's  forces  at  this 
place. 

Resolved,  That  the  authorities  and  the  citizens  gratefully  acknowl- 
edge our  obligations  to  the  defenders  of  Lynchburg — they  will  ever 
find  seats  around  each  fire  side,  and  plates  at  every  board — young  and 
old  will  greet  them  at  the  threshold  and  bid  them  welcome,  thrice 
welcome,  to  our  homes  and  our  heai-ts. 

A  copy — teste:  James  O.  Williams,  Clerk." 


228  LYNCHBUEG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Especially  did  Lynchburg  feel  indebted  to  General 
McCausland  and  his  brave  band  for  their  heroic  efforts. 
To  show  their  appreciation  in  a  more  substantial  way, 
the  citizens  called  a  meeting  for  Thursday,  July  7,  to 
raise  money  to  buy  a  suitable  gift  for  General  McCaus- 
land. Three  thousand  dollars  was  raised,  and  a  beau- 
tiful sword  and  a  pair  of  silver  spurs  were  bought  for 
him.  September  10  was  the  day  appointed  for  the 
presentation,  but  an  engagement  prevented  the  General 
from  being  present,  and  the  gifts  expressing  the  people's 
gratitude  had  to  be  sent  him. 

Lynchburg  was  called  upon  to  mourn  the  death  of 
another  of  its  distinguished  sons.  Major  General  Robert 
E.  Rodes  was  killed  at  the  battle  of  Winchester,  Sep- 
tember 19,  1864.  His  remains  were  brought  here  and 
buried  from  his  father's  home,  the  brick  house  on  Har- 
rison street  between  Tenth  and  Eleventh,  now  occupied 
by  Fernando  Ford,  The  funeral  took  place  Friday, 
September  23,  and  all  business  houses  were  closed  from 
ten  to  two  o'clock.  Never  was  there  a  larger  turnout  or 
a  more  impressive  demonstration.  The  long  proces- 
sion that  escorted  the  remains  to  the  graveyard  was 
formed  as  follows : 

Chief  marshals  and  staff. 

Military  escort. 

Masonic  fraternity. 

Hearse. 

Pall-Bearers  —  Military  :  Major  G.  H.  Hutter,  Major  J.  M. 
Gait,  Major  R.  C.  Saunders,  Surgeons  W.  O.  Owen,  W.  (J.  N.  Ran- 
dolph, W.  H.  Houston  ;  Masonic  :  C.  W.  Button,  S.  A.  Bailey,  Van 
Taliaferro,  J.  H.  Robinson  ;  Citizens  :  Dr.  D.  A.  Langhorne,  F.  B. 
Deane,  J.  M.  Cobbs,  J.  G.  Meem. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        229 

Family  and  relatives. 

Reverend  clergy. 

Officers  of  the  navy  and  marine  corps. 

Military. 

Confederate  officers,  cadets  and  soldiers  not  on  duty  at  the  post. 

Ambulance  corps. 

Judges  of  Court  of  Appeals  and  Circuit  Courts. 

Mayor,  aldermen  and  other  civU  officers. 

City  council. 

Officers  and  employees  of  railroads. 

Citizens  on  foot,  in  carriages  and  on  horseback. 

When  the  Presbyterian  cemetery  was  reached,  Rev. 
James  Ramsey  conducted  the  religious  service.  Then 
followed  the  Masonic  ceremony,  after  which  the  body 
of  the  hero  was  laid  in  the  tomb. 

General  Robert  Emmet  Rodes  was  born  in  Lynch- 
burg, March  29,  1829;  his  father,  General  David 
Rodes,  being  one  of  our  prominent  citizens.  He  grad- 
uated at  the  Virginia  Military  Institute  in  1848,  and 
such  was  the  regard  the  faculty  had  for  him  that  he 
was  elected  an  assistant  professor.  In  1851  he  resigned 
that  position  to  take  up  his  chosen  profession,  that  of  a 
civil  engineer.  He  secured  a  position  on  the  South- 
side  road,  then  being  constructed.  From  here  he 
went  to  Alabama  and  was  connected  with  the  North- 
east and  Southwest  railroad. 

In  1859  it  w^as  decided  to  divide  the  chair  of  Natural 
Philosophy,  then  held  by  Thomas  J.  Jackson  (after- 
wards General),  and  create  a  chair  of  Applied  Me- 
chanics. Two  names  were  presented  to  the  Institute 
board,  Robert  E.  Rodes  and  Colonel  Alfred  L.  Rives. 
The  esteem  in  which  these  two  men  held  each  other  is 


230  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

shown  by  the  fact  that  each,  without  the  knowledge  of 
the  other,  presented  the  other's  claims  in  complimentary 
letters,  written  at  the  same  time  from  different  parts  of 
the  country.  Colonel  Rives  peremtorily  withdrew  his 
name,  and  Robert  E.  Rodes  Avas  elected.  When  the 
war  broke  out  General  Rodes  went  to  Alabama  and 
raised  a  company  of  infantry,  of  which  he  was  elected 
captain,  and  when  the  regiment  was  formed  he  was 
made  colonel.  He  came  to  Virginia  with  his  regiment 
May,  1861,  and  from  that  time  on  his  career  was  marked 
by  heroism  and  gallantry. 

At  the  battle  of  Seven  Pines  he  charged  against  the 
enemy's  entrenched  position  and  took  it,  but  not  until 
his  regiment  had  suffered  terrible  loss  and  he  himself 
was  wounded.  For  the  bravery  and  skill  exhibited  on 
this  occasion  he  was  made  brigadier-general.  At 
Chancellorsville  as  senior  brigadier-general  he  com- 
manded General  D.  H.  Hill's  command.  His  gallant 
charge,  with  his  clarion  shout :  "  Forward  men,  over 
friend  or  foe  !"  broke  the  enemy's  lines.  Here,  upon 
the  recommendation  of  the  great  commander.  General 
Jackson,  he  was  made  major-general. 

His  magnanimous  spirit  and  devotion  to  the  Con- 
federacy is  shown  by  an  incident  Avhich  occurred  at  this 
battle.  It  is  told  by  General  Rodes  himself  in  his 
report  of  May,  1863,  on  the  part  taken  by  him  at 
Chancellorsville  : 

"At  this  time  the  enemy  opened  a  similar  terrific  fire  of  artillery 
to  that  which  had  taken  place  just  before  my  mthdrawal,  which 
caused  much  confusion  and  disorder,  rendering  it  necessary  for  me  to 


LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 


231 


place  guards  across  the  roads  to  stop  stragglers.  Shortly  after  this 
occurrence  I  was  informed  that  Lieutenant-General  Jackson  was 
wounded,  and  also  received  a  message  from  Major-General  Hill  that 
he  likewise  was  disabled,  and  that  the  command  of  the  corps  de- 
volved on  me.  Without  loss  of  time  I  communicated  with  Brigadier- 
Generals  Heth  and  Colston,  commanding  respectively  the  divisions  of 
A.  P.  Hill  and  Trimble,  and  made  the  necessary  arrangements  for  a 
renewal  of  the  attack  in  the  morning,  it  being  agreed  that  the  troops 
■were  not  in  a  condition  to  resume  operations  that  night.  Just  at 
this  time  (about  twelve  o'clock),  the  enemy  made  an  attack  on  our 
right,  but  being  feeble  in  its  character,  and  promptly  met,  it  lasted 
but  a  short  while.  Very  soon  after  Major-General  J.  E.  B.  Stuart, 
who  had  been  sent  for  by  Major  A,  S.  Pendleton,  assistant  adjutant- 
general  of  Lieutenant-General  Jackson,  arrived  on  the  ground  and  as- 
sumed command. 

I  deem  it  proper  to  state  that  I  yielded  the  command  to  General 
Stuart,  not  because  I  thought  him  entitled  to  it,  belonging  as  he  does 
to  a  different  arm  of  the  service,  nor  because  I  was  unwilling  to  as- 
sume the  responsibility  of  carrying  on  the  attack,  as  I  had  already 
made  the  necessary  arrangements  and  they  remained  unchanged,  but 
because,  from  the  manner  in  which  I  had  been  informed  that  he  had 
been  sent  for,  I  inferred  that  General  Jackson  or  General  Hill  had 
instructed  Major  Pendleton  to  place  him  in  command,  and  for  the 
still  stronger  reason  that  I  feared  that  the  information  that  the  com- 
mand had  devolved  on  me,  unknown  except  to  my  own  immediate 
troops,  would,  in  their  shaken  condition,  be  likely  to  increase  the 
demoralization  of  the  corps.  General  Stuart's  name  was  well  and 
very  favorably  known  to  the  army,  and  would  tend,  I  hoped,  to  re- 
establish confidence.  I  yielded  because  I  was  satisfied  the  good  of 
the  service  demanded  it." 

General  F.  H.  Smith  in  writing  of  General  Rocles 
says  :  "He  was  young,  earnest,  vigilant,  intrepid  and 
sagacious.  With  him  there  was  a  reckless  disregard  of 
personal  danger.  He  was  a  soldier  instinctively  and  by 
education.  As  a  division  general,  Major-General  Rodes 
had  no  superior  in  the  Army  of  Northern  Virginia." 


232  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

It  was  said  of  him  that  he  never  failed  in  anything 
he  undertook.  There  was  a  striking  similarity  between 
him  and  General  Jackson,  and  many  looked  upon  Gen- 
eral Rodes  as  the  suitable  successor  to  the  great  leader. 
He  and  Jackson  were  classmates,  professors  and  officers 
together,  and  both  fell  while  nobly  discharging  their 
duty  to  their  country.  Well  may  Virginia  feel  proud 
of  noble  sons  like  these. 

Troubles  now  came  thick  and  fast.  Nearly  every 
man  that  could  bear  arms  had  gone  to  the  front,  and 
raiding  parties  were  constantly  threatening  the  city. 
General  Colston  fortified  the  Amherst  side  of  Lynch- 
burg and  did  what  he  could  to  protect  it  against  attack. 
No  undertaker  was  here  to  bury  the  dead,  and  even 
the  slaves  were  impressed.  There  was  no  coal  with 
which  to  make  gas,  and  the  city  was  in  darkness.  The 
people  felt  insecure  on  the  streets  and  in  their  homes, 
for  robberies,  thefts  and  other  crimes  were  of  daily 
occurrence.  Prices  were  high ;  board  at  the  Orange 
House  was  twenty  dollars  a  day.  Many  wanted  food, 
so  that  three  and  a-half  pounds  of  flour  a  day  had  to 
be  distributed  to  the  soldiers'  families.  It  seemed  as 
if  "Jime  were  out  of  joint." 

Earnest  efforts  were  being  made  to  carry  forward  the 
religious  work.  The  United  Synod  of  the  Presbyterian 
church  met  here  in  August,  and  in  November  the  Vir- 
ginia Conference  of  the  Methodist  Episcopal  Church 
South  held  its  session  here. 

Many  deaths  were  reported.  W.  B.  Cross  was  killed 
August  21,  near  Berry  ville  ;  Captain  Van  R.  Otey  died 


L^JSCHBUEG    AND    ITS    TEOPLE.  233 

September  15th;  Thomas  B.  Davis,  mortally  wounded 
near  Woodstock,  died  October  8  ;  Thomas  S.  Lankford 
was  killed  near  Petersburg  in  December,  and  on  the 
13th  of  the  same  mouth  the  city  lost  another  useful 
citizen  in  the  death  of  Charles  W.  Christian.  Colonel 
Maurice  Langhorne,  Jr.,  died  February  21,  1865,  at  the 
ao-e  of  seventy-eight.  He  commanded  a  company  in 
the  War  of  1812,  and  when  Hunter  threatened  Lynch- 
burg, every  day  he  took  his  rifle  and  rode  to  the  trenches, 
remaining  there  until  dark.  He  was  a  man  of  honor, 
integrity,  and  simplicity  of  Christian  character. 

At  the  beginning  of  this  year  there  was  a  peculiar 
theft.  W.  Q.  Spence,  cashier  of  the  Bank  of  Virginia, 
came  in  on  the  Orange  and  Alexandria  train,  having 
with  him  a  carpet-bag  containing  $375,000.  He  left 
the  car  and  forgot  his  bag.  Vv^hen  he  returned  to  get 
it,  to  his  great  dismay  it  was  gone.  Search  was  in- 
stituted, and  after  some  time  it  was  found,  with  most  of 
its  contents.  One  of  the  negro  train  hands  had  stolen 
it,  and  finding  it  had  so  much  money  he  was  dazed  and  did 
not  know  what  to  do  with  it. 

A  public  meeting  was  held  at  Dudley  Hall,  February 
28,  to  ascertain  the  views  of  the  people  in  regard  to 
continuing  the  war.  John  M.  Speed  presided  and 
Major  James  Garland,  Captain  T.  J.  Kirkpatrick, 
John  O.  L.  Goggin  and  A.  M.  Trible  spoke.  The 
meeting  lasted  until  midnight,  and  it  was  decided  to 
give  the  voice  of  Lynchburg  for  continuing  the  war. 

About  this  time  two  negro  boys  were  condemned  to 
be  hanged  for  breaking  into  Mrs.  S.  Tyree's  house. 


234  LYNCHBUllG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Lynchburg  was  again  threatened  by  Sheridan,  but 
he  did  not  come,  and  great  relief  was  felt.  Nearly 
every  day  news  of  the  defeat  of  some  of  our  troops 
came  in,  and  the  people  were  heavy-hearted.  Hard 
times  had  now  come  in  earnest.  There  was  no  express,  no 
telegraph,  no  mail,  and,  worst  of  all,  no  currency.  Con- 
federate money  being  almost  worthless.  The  Virginian 
suspended  March  24,  and  only  published  an  extra 
April  21.  But  of  all  sad  days,  the  saddest  was  when 
the  news  reached  here  that  General  Lee  had  surrendered 
to  General  Grant  at  Appomattox  Courthouse,  April  9, 
18G5.  A  heavy  pall  of  gloom  spread  over  the  whole 
place.  The  war  was  over  and  the  South  was  defeated. 
Words  are  inadequate  to  describe  the  sorrowful  condi- 
tion of  the  people. 

One  division,  that  under  Brigadier-General  T.  T. 
Munford,  did  not  surrender.  Under  its  gallant  com- 
mander it  cut  its  way  through  the  line,  and  came  to 
Lynchburg.  After  being  here  a  short  while  it  dis- 
banded on  the  very  spot  where  Colonel  Munford's 
regiment  was  formed  in  1861. 

Lynchburg  had  held  out  bravely,  but  after  the  news 
of  General  Lee's  surrender,  and  the  evacuation  by  the 
Confederate  forces,  the  council  decided  to  surrender  the 
city  to  the  Federals;  so  April  12  Lynchburg  surren- 
dered to  General  R.  S.  Mackensie  and  his  brigade. 

One  hope  was  left ;  that  was  that  the  president,  Abra- 
ham Lincoln,  who  had  offered' several  compromises  while 
the  war  was  in  progress,  would  befriend  the  South  in 
the  the  hour  of  her  defeat.     But,  alas  !  the  news  came 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        235 

that  he  had  been  assassinated  while  attending  the  theatre 
in  Washington  Friday  night,  April  14,  and  that  J. 
Wilkes  Booth  was  the  assassin.  Early  Saturday  morn- 
ing he  died.  The  greatest  excitement  prevailed,  and 
people  everywhere  deplored  the  rash  act. 

The  cup  of  sorrow  was  already  full ;  it  was  yet  to 
run  over  as  the  days  passed.  General  James  Bearing  was 
fatally  wounded  by  one  of  his  own  men  near  High 
Bridge,  April  6,  and  was  brought  here  to  the  Ladies' 
Hospital,  where  he  died  on  the  22d.  His  remains 
were  wrapped  in  the  Confederate  flag,  for  which  he  had 
fought  so  bravely,  and  were  carried  by  private  convey- 
ance twenty-five  miles  into  Campbell  county,  where 
they  were  tenderly  laid  to  rest  in  the  family  graveyard, 
on  the  Staunton  river. 

General  Bearing  was  born  in  Campbell  county,  near 
Lynchburg,  April  25,  1840.  His  ancestors  were  mili- 
tary men  of  the  Revolutionary  time.  His  great-grand- 
father Dearing  was  an  officer  under  the  immediate  com- 
mand of  General  Washington,  while  his  maternal  great- 
grandfather. Colonel  Charles  Lynch,  was  an  officer  on 
the  staff  of  General  Greene.  General  Dearing  inherited 
a  genuis  for  military  affairs,  and  even  in  early  life  it 
began  to  show  itself,  so  that  he  was  called  "  the  little 
soldier." 

His  father  died  when  he  was  seven  years  old,  and  he 
was  adopted  by  Charles  Henry  Lynch,  a  man  promi- 
nent in  the  affairs  of  Lynchburg.  Young  Dearing 
attended  the  school  of  William  Reid  here,  and  then 
Hanover  Academy,  near  Richmond.     The  spring  of 


236  LYNCHBURG   AXD    ITS   PEOPLE. 

1858  he  was  appointed  to  West  Point  by  Thomas 
S.  Bocock,  the  representative  in  Congress  from  this 
district.  At  West  Point  he  acquitted  himself  well, 
and  would  have  graduated  among  the  first  in  his  class, 
but  in  the  meantime  Virginia  seceded  and  he  promptly 
resigned  in  order  to  cast  his  lot  with  his  native  State. 
Like  others,  he  was  suspected  of  his  sympathy  with  the 
South,  and  had  great  difficulty  getting  back  to  Virginia, 
having  to  go  through  Ohio  and  the  West  to  avoid  cap- 
ture. When  he  reached  Richmond  he  at  once  entered 
the  Confederate  service,  and  was  assigned  as  lieutenant 
in  the  Washington  Artillery.  The  following  account  of 
General  Deariug,  written  by  his  commander,  General 
Thomas  L.  Rosser,  fitly  tells  of  his  genius  as  an  officer  : 

"Early  in  June,  1861,  I  was  assigned  to  duty  as  instructor  of  the 
battalion  of  Washington  Artniery,  of  New  Orleans,  La.,  as  fine  a 
body  of  young  men  as  I  ever  saw,  and  I  think,  without  doubt,  the 
most  skilled  artillerists  on  this  continent  at  that  time.  I  was  then  a 
first  lieutenant  of  artillery  in  the  regular  army  of  the  Confederate 
States. 

James  Dearing,  of  LjTichburg,  Va.,  was  then  a  second  lieutenant 
of  artillery  in  tlie  regular  army  of  tlie  Confederate  States,  and  hav- 
ing known  him  at  the  United  States  Military  Academy  at  West  Point, 
I  believed  that  lie  would  make  me  a  valuable  assistant,  and  requested 
the  lieutenant-colonel  (J.  B.  Walton),  commanding  the  battalion, 
to  apply  for  him,  which  he  did,  and  Dearing  was  promptly  assigned. 

Shortly  after  the  battles  of  Bull  Run  and  Manassas,  in  1861,  I  was 
elected  captain  of  the  Second  Battery  of  the  battalion  and  Dearing 
was  attached  to  my  battery. 

Dearing  was  an  extremely  handsome  and  attractive  man — over 
six  feet  tall,  graceful,  active,  quick  and  fearless.  A  superb  horseman 
and  an  accomplished  artillerist,  he  soon  became  the  most  popular 
young  officer  in  the  army.  My  battery  was  but  little  engaged  in  the 
battles  of  Bull  Eun  and  Manassas,  but  in  the  fall  of  1861  I  was  with 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        237 

J.  E.  B.  Stuart  in  his  raids  and  fights  around  Munson's  Hill  and 
Lewinsville,  and  in  the  many  fights  and  skirmishes  in  which  my 
battery  participated,  Lieutenant  Bearing  was  conspicuous  in  ex- 
hibiting superb  courage  and  military  skill  and  ability. 

In  the  spring  of  1862  Captain  H.  Grey  Latham  resigned  the 
captaincy  of  the  Lj-nchburg  Battery  and  Lieutenant  James  Bearing 
was  unanimously  elected  to  take  his  place  as  captain  of  this  splendid 
battery. 

From  captain,  Bearing  soon  rose  to  be  major  of  the  artillery,  and 
was  assigned  to  the  command  of  a  battalion  of  four  batteries  of 
artillery,  and  while  serving  in  that  capacity  he  so  distinguished  him- 
self for  dash,  enterprise  and  skill,  that  he  was  made  a  brigadier- 
general  of  cavalry. 

When  I  was  made  a  major-general  of  cavalry.  General  R.  E. 
Lee  sent  for  me,  and  said  that  he  was  at  a  loss  to  know  whom  he 
should  put  in  command  of  my  old  brigade.  He  ran  over  the  list  of 
colonels —  '  One  was  in  prison,  one  disabled  from  wounds,  one  feeble 
in  health,  and  the  junior  regimental  commander,  while  a  most  gal- 
lant officer  and  one  of  rare  ability  (Colonel  E.  V.  White),  was 
only  a  lieutenant-colonel,  and  he  was  unwilling  to  advance  him 
over  the  head  of  such  officers  as  Harman  and  Bulany.'  Continu- 
ing, he  said  :  '  There  is  a  very  gallant  and  meritorious  young 
brigadier-general  of  cavalry,  who  has  an  irregular  command,  which 
is  not  such  as  he  should  have,  and  I  think  it  would  be  best  to  trans- 
fer him  to  your  old  brigade  rather  than  make  any  promotions  in  the 
brigade  at  this  time.  This  officer  is  a  Virginian,  but  is  nov/  com- 
manding North  Carolinians.  I  know  you  will  like  him,  for  he  is  liked 
by  everybody,  and  is  one  of  the  most  promising  young  officers  in  the 
army.'  His  name  had  not  been  called,  and  when  I  asked  the  old 
General  for  his  name,  he  replied,  'Bearing  —  James  Bearing.' 
My  heart  leaped  with  joy,  and  the  dear  old  General  was  delighted  to 
see  with  what  pleasure  the  announcement  had  filled  me.  So  Bear- 
ing was  assigned,  became  the  commander  of  the  renowned  '  Laurel 
Brigade,'  which  had  been  organized  and  commanded  by  the  im- 
mortal General  Turner  Ashby,  and  was  undoubtedly  the  finest 
brigade  of  cavalry  that  ever  marched  or  fought  under  the  'Starry  Cross ' 
of  the  Southern  Confederacy. 

Bearing's  first  battle  in  command  of  the  Laurel  Brigade  was  at 
Binwiddie  Courthouse,  March  31,  1865,  and  the  nest  was  Five  Forks, 


238  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

the  next  day,  and  these  two  engagements  were  sufficient  to  show  the 
men  and  officers  of  the  brigade  that  they  were  in  safe  and  able 
hands,  and  murmurings  were  changed  to  enthusiastic  rejoicing. 

General  Bearing  did  hard  lighting  at  Five  Forks,  and  did  not  par- 
ticipate in  the  panic  which  followed.  As  a  portion  of  my  division, 
General  Bearing  covered  the  retreat  of  General  Lee's  army  from 
Petersburg  to  Amelia  Courthouse.  At  Amelia  Springs,  on  April  5, 
he  drove  ofi'  a  large  force  of  Federal  cavalry  which  was  burning  the 
wagons  of  our  army,  capturing  many  prisoners  and  inflicting  heavy 
loss  on  the  enemy,  and  the  next  day,  April  6,  he  was  gallantly  lead- 
ing his  command  in  a  charge  on  the  enemy,  who  was  endeavoring  to 
burn  the  "High  Bridge"  over  the  Appomattox  river,  near  Farm- 

ville,  when  he  was  mortally  wounded  ! 

Thomas  L.  Rosser."  _ 

When  General  Dearing  was  shot,  his  hand  was  out- 
stretched firing  upon  a  Federal  oiBcer,  whom  he  killed, 
and  who  proved  to  be  General  Read,  of  Ohio,  an  old 
classmate  at  West  Point.  Previous  to  this  he  killed 
another  classmate  in  a  sabre  fight.  Colonel  Washburn, 
of  Baltimore,  whom  he  did  not  recognize  until  after  he 
had  slain  him.  General  Mackensie  was  also  a  class- 
mate, and  when  he  learned  that  General  Dearing  was 
at  the  hospital  here  he  sent  a  messenger  asking  that  he 
be  not  moved  ;  that  he  would  not  be  required  to  take  the 
oath.  Later  he  came  himself,  and  when  admitted  to 
the  bedside  of  the  dying  soldier,  he  burst  into  tears  and 
turned  away,  begging  that  he  be  called  upon  to  render 
any  assistance  in  his  power  to  his  friend  and  classmate. 
General  Fitzhugh  Lee,  in  his  report  of  the  battle  near 
Paineville,  says  :  "  The  gallantry  of  Brigadier-Gen- 
eral Dearing  in  leading  the  charge  of  his  command  was 
here  very  conspicuous."  It  may  be  noted  here  that  at 
the  battle  of  Plymouth,  N.  C.,  General  Dearing  charged 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        239 

with  his  artillery,  Latham's  Battery,  under  Captain  J. 
W.  Dickerson,  leading  it,  which  to  this  time  was 
unknown  in  warfare. 

A  letter  from  General  Lee  to  General  Dearing  just 
before  he  was  wounded  (now  in  the  possession  of  his 
family),  stated  that  the  papers  necessary  for  his  promo- 
tion to  major-general  were  in  the  hands  of  the  Secre- 
tary of  War,  and  that  he  deserved  the  promotion 
earlier,  but  that  there  was  special  need  for  him  in  com- 
mand of  the  brigade.  General  Dearing  was  then 
only  twenty-five,  being  the  youngest  man  of  his  rank 
in  the  Confederate  army,  while  General  Mackensie  was 
the  youngest  in  the  Union  army. 

General  Mackensie  staid  here  only  a  few  days  after 
the  surrender  of  the  city,  and  for  several  weeks  the 
place  was  without  a  garrison.  Then  General  J.  I. 
Gregg  was  put  in  command  of  this  district,  and  Lieu- 
tenant-Colonel Duncan  was  made  provost-marshal  at 
Lynchburg.  The  principal  business  of  the  town  for 
some  time  was  taking  the  oath  of  amnesty.  The  mar- 
shal's office,  which  was  in  the  Warwick  House,  pre- 
sented a  busy  scene,  people  crowding  in  to  take  the 
pledge  of  allegiance  to  the  United  States. 

The  papers  resumed  their  publication  in  May,  but 
only  on  one  sheet,  and  then  everything  had  to  be  passed 
upon  by  a  Federal  officer  before  it  could  be  printed. 
The  first  of  May,  Chiswell  Dabney  died,  and  Lynch- 
burg lost  another  old  and  prominent  citizen. 

The  soldiers  were  now  returning  from  the  war,  and 
there  was  great  joy  among  the  men  and  among  their 


240  LYNCHBUEG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

families  at  receiving  their  loved  ones  again  alive.  But 
what  a  dreary  outlook  was  before  them ;  slaves  gone, 
property  ruined,  business  wrecked,  and  money  turned  to 
dirt.  Nothing  left,  save  an  unfailing  hope  and  the  re- 
membrance of  a  glorious  record  for  fortitude  and 
bravery.  But  Lynchburg's  old  time  courage  was  not 
yet  gone,  and  there  was  hope  that  as  soon  as  the  situa- 
tion could  be  taken  in,  there  would  be  a  rally. 

There  were  no  banks  in  the  city,  the  State  banks 
having  gone  into  liquidation,  and  in  fact  there  was  no 
money  for  the  banks  to  handle ;  the  Confederate  notes 
were  worthless.  This  money  began  to  decline  from  the 
first,  as  is  shown  by  the  following  table,  which  shows  the 
value  of  Confederate  money  as  compared  with  one 
dollar  in  gold  : 


May,  1861, 
January,  1862, 
February,  1863, 
January,  1S64, 
January,  1SG5, 


$  1  10  April  20,  1865,  .  .  ?  200  00 

1  20  April  28,  1865,  .  .  500  00 

10  00  April  30,  1865,  .  .  1,000  00 

21  00  May  1,  1865,  .  .  .  1,200  00 

00  00 


Prices  in  United  States  money  were  not  liigh,  but 
there  was  none.  After  a  while  the  soldiers  bee:an 
to  circulate  some.  Still  the  people  were  hopeful ;  they 
began  to  fix  up  their  old  clothes,  hats  and  bonnets  so  as 
to  make  as  decent  an  appearance  as  possible,  and  in  the 
absence  of  business  the  men  began  to  paint  and  fix  up 
their  stores.  The  tobacco  business,  it  was  declared, 
was  sick  and  beyond  recovery,  and  the  people  who  had 
been  engaged  in  it  must  turn  their  attention  to  other 
things. 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  241 

The  noble  women  never  lost  heart,  nor  faltered  in  the 
discharge  of  their  duty.  At  the  Ladies'  Hospital  and 
other  places  they  continued  their  great  work  relieving 
the  worn-out  soldiers  who  were  returning  from  Northern 
prisons,  poor,  ragged,  and  half  starved.  They  fed 
thousands,  often  denying  themselves  to  give  to  the 
heroes  of  the  "Lost  Cause." 

An  election  was  held  July  25,  under  the  supervision 
of  the  officer  commanding  the  post  and,  the  civil  officers 
of  the  city  were  elected.  Monday,  August  7,  the 
Husting  Court  was  organized,  with  Judge  David  E. 
Spence,  John  T.  Smith,  James  A.  Hamner  and  Major 
James  Garland,  Commonwealth's  attorney.  This  had 
a  good  effect  upon  the  people,  and  the  city  began  to 
recover  itself.  Business  was  reviving ;  the  melodious 
sound  of  the  tobacco  horn  was  again  heard ;  the  gas 
company  resumed  operations,  and  there  was  light ;  the 
sound  of  the  locomotive  echoed  over  the  hills  ;  the  tele- 
graph again  established  communication  with  the  outward 
world,  and  the  boats  with  their  cargoes  were  gliding 
along  the  canal. 

The  need  of  a  bank  was  now  felt,  so  on  August  11 
and  23,  the  First  National,  with  J.  M.  Miller  cashier, 
and  the  Lynchburg  National,  with  Lorenzo  Norvell 
cashier,  were  organized.  The  First  National  opened 
September  16,  and  this  gave  impetus  to  business ;  new- 
buildings  began  to  go  up,  stores  opened,  the  newspapers 
assumed  their  usual  size,  and  everything  pointed  to 
better  times. 

A  big  fire   on  Main    street,  near   Seventh,    which 


242  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

burned  Dr.  Seay's  drug  store  and  other  buildings, 
brought  to  the  attention  of  the  people  the  need  of 
reorganizing  the  fire  companies.  The  Independent  Fire 
Company  was  immediately  organized — J.  B.  Gaddess, 
captain,  Hugh  Nelson,  first-lieutenant,  J.  H.  Smith, 
second,  C.  D.  Hamner,  third  ;  W.  H.  Blackford,  secre- 
tary, and  James  Franklin,  Jr.,  treasurer.  The  only 
apparatus  they  had  was  the  old  hand  engine  and  some 
hose. 

General  N.  M.  Curtis  was  now  put  in  command  of 
Lynchburg,  and  although  there  was  strong  prejudice 
against  Federal  officers,  by  his  gentlemanly  bearing 
and  just  dealing  he  greatly  endeared  himself  to  the  peo- 
ple. In  September  he  proposed  an  arrangement  for 
the  education  of  poor  children.  He  suggested  that 
the  pastors  of  the  city  meet  and  devise  plans  for  a 
public  free  school,  pledging  himself  to  use  one  thousand 
dollars  he  had  collected  in  fines,  and  to  furnish  other 
necessary  funds  until  the  next  summer.  The  pastors 
held  a  meeting  in  the  study  of  Dr.  Leroy  M.  Lee,  of 
Centenary  church.  Those  present  were  Dr.  Lee,  Rev. 
William  McGee,  of  the  Methodist  Protestant  church  ; 
Rev.  James  Ramsey,  of  First  Presbyterian  ;  Rev.  Jacob 
I).  Mitchell,  of  Second  Presbyterian ;  Rev.  Henry  W. 
Dodge,  of  the  Baptist,  and  Rev.  R.  N.  Sledd,  of  Court 
Street.  It  was  resolved  that  the  pastors,  with  the  fol- 
lowing laymen,  constitute  a  board  of  education  :  T. 
J.  Kirkpatrick,  C.  L.  Mosby,  W.  A.  Miller,  J.  P. 
Bondurant,  A.  B.  Rucker,  C.  W.  Button,  J.  J.  Irby, 
Thomas  C.  Walsh,  John  Oyler,  and  John  R.  McDaniel. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        243 

Thomas  J.  Kirkpatrick  was  made  general  superintend- 
ent, and  in  a  short  while  four  schools,  with  about  five 
hundred  scholars,  besides  two  negro  schools,  were  in 
operation.  Besides  these,  Mrs.  M.  B.  Brown  had  started 
her  female  seminary  corner  Court  and  Twelfth  streets, 
and  Eugene  Blackford  had  opened  a  school  for  boys. 

A  public  meeting  was  called  at  Dudley  Hall,  Sep- 
tember 30,  to  express  the  sentiments  of  the  citizens  of 
Lynchburg  in  regard  to  the  situation  at  that  time.  Judge 
D.  A.  Wilson  called  the  meeting  to  order  and  W.  D. 
Branch,  the  mayor,  was  elected  chairman.  A  commit- 
tee was  appointed  to  draft  suitable  resolutions  express- 
ing the  feelings  of  the  people  of  Lynchburg.  The  fol- 
lowing were  reported  and  unanimously  adopted  : 

"  The  citizens  of  Lynchburg,  in  general  meeting  assembled,  deem 
the  present  an  appropriate  occasion  to  express  our  opinions  upon  the 
existing  conditions  of  the  country,  and  in  regard  to  the  solemn  re- 
sponsibility which  devolves  upon  all  who  desire  the  promotion  of  its 
welfare. 

In  the  recent  disastrous  conflict  of  arms  with  the  constituted  au- 
thorities of  the  United  States  we  honestly  and  freely  contributed  of  our 
means,  moral  and  material,  and  sought  to  discharge  our  duty  faith- 
fully to  our  State  and  section  in  resisting  what  we  believed  to  be 
dangerous  innovations  of  our  guaranteed  rights,  and  in  vindicating 
principles  we  supposed  to  have  been  established  as  Americans  by 
the  first  revolution,  and  canonized  by  the  authority  of  its  illustrious 
authors.  Of  the  agencies  which  produced  this  conflict,  whether 
springing  from  the  North  or  the  South,  or  from  both,  in  what  propor- 
tion, it  is  profitless  now  to  speak.  The  "wager  of  battle"  was 
tendered,  the  issue  joined ;  the  appeal  to  arms  made,  and  the  South  has 
lost  the  day.  We  claim  to  have  entered  the  field  in  honor,  and  in 
honor  to  have  waged  the  battle,  and  now  that  we  are  vanquished, 
yield  in  honor  —  submitting  with  composure  to  the  sacrifices  we 
have  made  ;  witnessing  with  fortitude  the  sorrow  and  desolation  that 


244  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

have  come  upon  us,  and  accepting  the  result  as  a  fact  accomplished, 
with  the  manly  purpose  to  discharge  all  the  obligations  it  imposes. 
To  this  we  pledge  our  faith,  and  shall  go  forward  with  renewed  hope, 
to  dedicate  our  efforts  to  meet  that  obligation  ;  and  thus  seek  to 
establish  once  more  fraternity  between  the  like  contending  sections 
and  restore  forever  to  our  distracted  country  the  blessings  of  peace, 
order,  law  and  constitutional  freedom.  Such  is  our  condition,  and 
such  our  views  in  regard  to  it ;  therefore, 

Resolved,  1.  That  by  the  termination  of  the  war  and  the  changes 
it  has  produced,  new  relations  between  the  States  and  the  Federal 
Government  have  sprimg  into  existence. 

2.  That  we  claim  as  among  the  reserved  rights  of  the  States,  the 
privilege,  in  time  of  peace,  of  managing  their  local  affairs  in  their 
own  way,  without  external  interference  from  any  quarter,  subject 
only  to  the  duty  enjoined  upon  Congress  by  the  Federal  Constitution  to 
see  that  each  State  has  a  Kepublican  form  of  government.  And  while 
we  recognize  the  abolition  of  slavery  as  an  existing  fact  (and  have  no 
purpose  or  wish  to  attempt  its  restoration  in  any  form),  yet,  as  to  all 
other  subjects,  jurisdiction  over  which  is  not  given  to  Congress  ex- 
pressly or  by  necessary  implication,  the  States  are  the  exclusive 
depositories  of  power.  And  now  the  war  is  ended  and  no  arm  raised 
against  Federal  authority,  we  believe  that  the  ends  of  good  govern- 
ment can  be  best  promoted  by  the  withdrawal  of  armed  forces  from 
the  States,  leaving  to  each,  within  its  respective  limits,  the  duty  of 
administering  law  and  preserving  order. 

3.  That  in  the  opinions  and  purposes  of  Andrew  Johnson,  Presi- 
dent of  the  United  States,  as  recently  declared,  we  find  reason  to 
hope  that  the  principles  we  have  avowed  will  have  in  him  an  able 
and  faithful  advocate,  and  to  him  and  his  administration  thus 
directed,  we  pledge  a  manly,  cordial  and  confiding  support,  believing 
that  by  so  doing  we  are  discharging  a  solemn  duty  to  ourselves,  our 
State  and  section,  and  tlius  aiding  the  cause  of  constitutional  gov- 
ernment throughout  the  land. 

4.  That  it  is  but  an  act  of  simple  justice  to  the  United  States 
officers  who  have  been  in  command  of  this  post.  Brevet  Major- 
General  Gregg  and  Brevet  Major-General  Curtis,  to  say  that  in  their 
official  position  and  general  intercourse  with  our  citizens  they  have 
so  demeaned  themselves  as  to  command  the  respect  and  confidence  of 
this  community. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        245 

5.  That  to  Francis  II.  Peirpont,  Governor  of  Virginia,  we  tender 
the  expression  of  our  profound  respect  and  confidence. 

6.  That  in  adopting  these  we  claim  to  act  as  true  and  loyal  citizens 
of  the  United  States;  that  while  we  mourn  the  desolations  of  the 
past  we  will  seek  to  perform  the  duties  of  the  present. ' ' 

Copies  of  these  resolutions  were  sent  to  President 
Johnson  and  Governor  Peirpont. 

Several  days  after  this  meeting  a  great  sensation  was 
created  in  the  city.  One  hundred  and  twenty  thous- 
and dollars  in  greenbacks,  and  a  large  amount  of  gold 
coin  and  bullion,  had  been  stolen  from  the  courthouse, 
where  the  Federal  officers  had  their  headquarters.  The 
money  was  in  a  safe  that  belonged  to  a  Confederate 
officer,  and  attempts  were  made  to  throw  suspicion  upon 
him.  Arrangements  had  been  made  by  Brevet  Brigadier- 
General  Briscoe  to  arrest  him  and  a  large  number  of 
citizens  as  implicated  in  the  robbery.  A  plot  had  been 
made  to  steal  the  money,  and  several  were  taken  into 
it.  One  reported  the  whole  affair,  and  at  once  an  officer 
from  Washington  was  sent  for.  The  detective  came 
and  watched  the  safe  through  a  hole  in  the  wall  to  see 
who  it  was  stealing  the  money.  To  his  surprise  he  saw 
Briscoe  take  the  money  from  the  safe  and  secrete  it.  He 
was  at  once  arrested  and  searched  and,  among  other 
things,  false  keys  to  the  safe  were  found  upon  him.  An 
attempt  had  been  made  to  set  fire  to  the  courthouse  to 
cover  up  the  crime.  Briscoe  Avas  carried  to  Washing- 
ton to  be  tried  for  his  offence. 

An  attempt  had  been  made  to  implicate  President 
Jefferson  Davis  in  the  assassination  of  President  Lincoln. 


246  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Some  witnesses  swore  to  what  they  knew  to  be  false  state- 
ments in  order  to  have  him  punished,  but  the  charge  was 
so  utterly  false  and  absurd  that  it  failed  of  its  own  rot- 
tenness. Mr.  Davis,  however,  was  still  a  prisoner  at 
Fortress  Monroe,  because  he  had  been  President  of  the 
Confederacy.  The  ladies  of  the  city,  always  ready  for 
a  good  work,  called  a  meeting  at  the  Second  Presbyterian 
church  to  urge  President  Johnson  to  release  him,  but 
General  Curtis  forbid  their  holding  it  under  the  present 
circumstances.  They  did  not  give  up  their  purpose,  but 
tried  another  plan  ;  a  long  petition  was  gotten  up  and 
signed  by  Mrs.  Judge  Wilson,  Mrs.  John  Speed,  Mrs. 
General  Rodes,  Mrs.  H.  S.  Bocock,  and  three  hundred 
and  twenty  other  ladies,  and  sent  President  Johnson 
asking  for  mercy  for  the  innocent  and  renowned  prisoner. 
Many  events  of  interest  were  taking  place  at  this 
time.  The  Lynchburg  Emigration  Society  was  formed, 
and  many  thought  it  would  solve  the  questions  arising 
from  the  freedom  of  the  slaves.  Under  their  influence 
one  hundred  and  fifty  negroes  were  induced  to  go  to 
Liberia.  October  31,  after  religious  exercises,  they  left 
over  the  Orange  and  Alexandria  road,  and  when  next 
heard  from  they  were  in  Africa.  An  election  was  had 
and  Charles  L.  Mosby  was  elected  to  Congress,  but 
was  not  allowed  to  take  his  seat.  Edward  D.  Chris- 
tian and  A.  Waddill  issued  a  prospectus  for  a  new 
paper.  The  Lynchburg  News.  It  was  to  appear  January 
8,  1866,  but  was  delayed  until  the  15th.  Colonel 
Robert  E.  Withers  was  editor,  and  from  that  day  on 
it  was  one  of  the  city's  leading  dailies.     General  Grant 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE. 


247 


was  in  Lynchburg  December  10,  but  he  was  not  received 
with  any  enthusiasm,  for  it  was  too  near  April  9. 
Christmas  came,  but  there  was  not  much  joy  ;  the  sad- 
ness of  the  past  years  still  hung  like  a  cloud  over  the 
people.  January  2,  the  humorous  side  of  life  was  pre- 
sented by  "Moses  Addums,"  Dr.  George  W.  Bagby, 
that  natural  humorist,  and  at  one  time  a  citizen  of 
Lynchburg.  The  subject  of  his  lecture  was  "  Fools," 
and  his  tickets  read  "  Fools,  admit  one."  On  the  9th 
the  soldiers  were  withdrawn  and  the  city  guarded  by  our 
own  police.  A  freedman's  court  was  also  organized, 
but  it  lasted  only  a  few  months. 

A  great  enterprise  was  now  on  hand.  Several  months 
back  it  was  reported  that  coal  oil  had  been  discovered 
near  Lynchburg.  The  people  became  deeply  interested 
and  soon  the  Campbell  County  Oil  Company  was  or- 
ganized, with  Robert  W.  Crenshaw,  president  and 
superintendent;  A.  McDonald,  secretary,  and  Thomas 
E.  Murrell,  treasurer.  There  was  a  clamorous  rush  for 
stock,  for  each  stockholder  thought  he  would  become 
rich.  It  was  thought  that  oil  would  restore  the  wealth 
lost  by  the  war,  and  that  the  outlay  would  be  paid  a 
thousand  fold.  Arrangements  were  made  to  have  one  of 
the  greatest  celebrations  in  the  history  of  the  town 
when  oil  was  struck ;  for  if  cotton  was  not  king,  oil 
would  be,  especially  as  it  was  selling  for  one  dollar  a 
gallon.  In  February  the  machinery  arrived  and  prepa- 
rations for  boring  began.  In  the  meantime  others 
thought  they  had  discovered  oil  near  the  Orange  depot ; 
so  the  Lynchburg  Mining   and  Petroleum   Company 


248  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

was  organized.  It  turned  out  that  the  oil  near  the 
depot  was  only  the  leakage  from  some  barrels  once 
stored  there,  so  this  company  went  up.  The  other 
company,  however,  put  its  machinery  in  place  and  began 
boring.  They  bored  several  hundred  feet,  and  reported 
that  the  prospect  for  oil  was  very  encouraging.  After 
they  had  gone  four  hundred  and  fifty  feet,  a  call  was 
made  for  more  money.  The  money  came  and  the  bor- 
ing continued.  When  last  heard  from  the  well  was 
six  hundred  feet,  and  there  was  no  sign  of  oil.  The 
process  was  now  reversed  and  the  stockholders  were 
being  bored  by  the  well ;  for  of  the  seven  thousand  dol- 
lars collected  all  had  been  spent  but  about  three  hun- 
dred. Thus  closed  Lynchburg's  first  and  last  oil  ven- 
ture. This  failure  did  not  discourage  the  people ;  if 
they  could  not  strike  oil  they  could  build  a  railroad. 
A  proposition  for  a  railroad  to  Danville  had  been  made, 
and  after  much  discussion,  within  ten  months  after  the 
surrender  the  subscription  books  were  opened  under 
the  direction  of  F.  B.  Deane,  Samuel  McCorkle,  John 
M.  Warwick,  D.  W.  Burton,  Bowling  Clarke,  Charles 
H.  Lynch  and  A.  J.  Clarke.  It  was  indicative  of 
the  great  courage  and  energy  of  Lynchburg,  to  begin  an 
enterprise  of  this  kind  before  the  smoke  of  battle  had 
scarcely  cleared  away. 

Following  this  was  the  organization  of  the  Virginia 
Industrial  Association,  with  an  authorized  capital  of 
five  million  dollars.  This  sounded  very  big  for  the 
Hill  City.  W.  D,  Miller  was  president ;  General  E. 
Kirby  Smith,  vice-president ;  Thomas  E.  McNeil,  general 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        249 

superintendent ;  G.  W.  Latham,  solicitor,  and  Thomas 
S.  Stabler,  secretary.  The  object  of  the  association  was 
to  inaugurate  large  industrial  movements,  but  the  last 
heard  of  it  was  its  organization. 

The  opinion  of  the  people  in  regard  to  Andrew 
Johnson  had  been  radically  changed  since  Lincoln's 
death.  One  of  the  largest  public  meetings  ever  seen 
in  the  city  was  held  February  22,  to  endorse  his  ad- 
ministration. After  several  very  earnest  speeches,  the 
following  resolutions  were  adopted  : 

"  Whereas,  The  recent  exhibition  by  President  Johnson  of  a  fear- 
less and  patriotic  determination  to  carry  out,  in  good  faith,  the  prin- 
ciples of  restoration  so  often  enunciated  by  him,  has  especially  com- 
mended him  to  the  admiration  of  the  people;  therefore 

Resolved,  That  the  citizens  of  Lynchburg  cordially  approve  of  the 
general  policy  pursued  by  Andrew  Johnson,  president  of  the  United 
States,  in  the  re-establishment  of  the  Union,  and  believe  that  his 
efforts  to  preserve  the  authority  of  the  Constitution  of  the  United 
States,  and  to  secure  the  people  of  the  several.  States  their  just  rep- 
resentation in  Congress,  entitle  him  to  the  moral  and  political  sup- 
port of  all  patriotic  citizens,  and  they  pledge  themselves  to  co-operate 
■with  and  sustain  him  in  all  such  endeavors." 

Grace  Episcopal  church  was  formally  opened  by  Rev. 
W.  H.  Kinckle  April  1,  and  on  the  19th  the  second 
pipe  organ  in  the  town  was  used  in  religious  service  at 
Court  Street  church.  Professor  Kreuttner  being  organist. 
Rev.  W.  E.  Judkins,  pastor  of  Centenary  church,  was 
earnestly  working  to  pay  the  indebtedness  on  the  new 
church. 

An  important  gathering  was  that  of  the  ladies  of  the 
city  in  the  lecture-room  of  the  Methodist  Protestant 
church,  April  26.     The  object  of  the  meeting  was  to 


250  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

form  an  association  to  have  the  graves  of  the  several 
thousand  Confederate  soldiers  buried  here  enclosed,  and 
to  fix  a  day  for  the  annual  decoration  of  these  graves. 

May  10,  the  day  of  General  Jackson's  death,  was 
fixed  upon,  and  the  association  permanently  organized, 
with  Mrs.  H.  F.  Bocock,  president ;  Miss  Celeste 
Slaughter,  Mrs.  Dr.  INIitchell,  Mrs.  E.  D.  Christian 
and  Miss  Carrie  M.  Warwick,  vice-presidents ;  Mrs. 
Ira  Dodge,  secretary,  and  Mrs.  J.  M.  Speed,  treasurer. 

The  first  Memorial  Day  was  observed  the  following 
May.  All  places  of  business  were  closed,  and  a  long 
procession,  commanded  by  General  E.  Kirby  Smith, 
chief  marshal,  and  Colonel  M.  S.  Langhorne,  assistant, 
marched  to  the  cemetery  and  lovingly  decorated  the 
graves  of  the  fallen  heroes  with  a  wealth  of  rich  spring 
flowers.  The  ladies  continued  to  work,  assisted  by  the 
Philharmonic  Society,  until  they  had  raised  money 
enough  to  enclose  the  plot  and  have  the  graves  turfed. 

The  Lynchburg  Hose  Company,  James  Dinwiddie, 
chief  engineer,  and  the  Hook  and  Ladder  Company, 
Samuel  A.  Boyd,  captain,  had  been  reorganized.  A 
fire  look-out  was  stationed  in  the  cupola  of  the  court- 
house at  night.  Before,  when  fire  was  discovered,  a 
policeman  had  to  run  to  the  courthouse,  grope  his  way 
up  to  the  top  and  ring  the  bell,  and  by  that  time  the 
fire  had  gained  great  headway.  In  July,  the  reorganized 
companies  had  a  good  opportunity  to  test  their  skill, 
when  the  big  fire  corner  Fifth  and  Court  streets  occurred, 
in  which  the  factory  of  Kinnear  and  Reynolds,  the 
African  Baptist  church,  and  P.  McDivitt's  residence, 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        251 

were  burned.  The  volunteer  companies  were  faithful 
in  fighting  fire,  which  they  did  with  some  relish,  but 
their  great  enjoyment  was  the  annual  parade  and  sup- 
per, and  the  water  battles  in  the  street.  What  citizen 
does  not  remember  how  on  a  summer  afternoon  business 
on  Main  street  was  suspended  for  several  hours  to  wit- 
ness the  water  fight  between  two  hose  companies  ? 

There  were  many  indications  of  the  progress  the  city 
was  now  making.  The  prophecy  that  tobacco  was  dead 
proved  false,  for  John  W.  Stone  carried  a  hogshead  to 
the  National  Fair  at  Cincinnati  and  won  the  premium. 
He  afterwads  sold  this  tobacco,  five  hundred  and  seventy 
pounds,  at  nine  hundred  and  five  dollars  a  hundred. 
In  October,  W.  A.  Toot  sold  at  Friends'  warehouse,  for 
J.  M.  Moore,  a  lot  of  tobacco  for  John  W.  Carroll's 
Lone  Jack,  at  eleven  hundred  and  sixty  dollars  per 
hundred.  This  was  the  highest  price  ever  paid  for 
tobacco  in  Lynchburg.  The  Methodist  Protestant  and 
the  Catholic  churches  were  undergoing  improvement, 
and  the  corner-stone  of  the  negro  Methodist  church  on 
Jackson  street  was  laid  by  John  R.  McDaniel,  October 
2.  A  party  of  Pennsylvania  capitalists  bought  property 
above  the  city  near  Ives'  dam  to  establish  a  rolling 
mill,  and  the  Lynchburg  Mercantile  Association,  with 
A.  B.  Rucker  president,  was  organized.  The  largest 
movement  of  all  was  the  city's  subscription  of  sixty 
thousand  dollars  to  the  Lynchburg  and  Danville  railroad. 
Many  private  citizens  had  already  taken  stock,  and  now 
it  seemed  that  the  road  was  secured.  Preparations  were 
made  to  begin  work,  and  at  a  meeting  held  at  Dudley 


252  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Hall,  F.  B.  Deane  was  made  president,  and  Colonel 
William  M.  Blackford,  chief  engineer.  In  1850,  Lynch- 
burg was  reputed  to  be  the  richest  place  in  the  United 
States  in  proportion  to  its  population,  New  Bedford, 
Mass.,  being  next,  and  it  would  seem,  from  the  great 
spirit  of  improvement  that  it  intended  to  be  rich  once 
more.  The  people  used  their  wealth  when  they  had  it. 
It  was  a  Lynchburg  lady,  Mrs.  John  Hollins,  who  gave 
five  thousand  dollars  to  Boutetourt  Springs  School,  and 
in  honor  of  her  its  name  was  changed  to  Hollins  In- 
stitute. 

Much  interest  centered  in  the  meeting  of  the  Metho- 
dist Protestant  Conference  here,  November  1,  because 
of  the  discussion  of  the  question  as  to  whether  that 
church  should  unite  with  the  Methodist  Episcopal 
Church,  South. 

The  young  people  felt  that  they  must  have  some 
amusement ;  so,  on  November,  a  big  tournament  was 
held  at  the  old  Fair  Grounds.  A  large  crowd  attended, 
and  at  night  the  queen  was  crowned  and  a  large  ball 
was  given  at  the  Cabell  House.  The  ladies  of  Diamond 
Hill  were  holding  a  feast  at  Masonic  Hall  to  repair  the 
old  foot-bridge  on  Church  street,  and  another  amuse- 
ment enjoyed  by  the  young  men  was  riding  the  veloci- 
pede, which  had  lately  been  introduced. 

The  first  event  of  note  in  1 867  was  the  great  snow 
storm  of  Sunday,  January  20.  It  was  the  deepest 
snow  since  the  memorable  storm  of  '57.  It  was  an 
enjoyable  thing  for  the  boys,  who  spent  their  time 
sliding  down  the  hills,  but  there  was  great  suffering 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        253 

among  the  poor  and  destitute,  and  especially  among  the 
negroes,  who  were  freed  and  who  had  not  yet  learned 
to  provide  for  themselves. 

November  1, 1866,  in  Washington  city,  whither  he  had 
gone  for  a  short  while,  J.  M.  Speed  died.  He  was  one 
of  Lynchburg's  leading  lawyers  and  most  distinguished 
citizens.  His  funeral  was  from  St.  Paul's  church,  of 
which  he  had  long  been  a  member.  Now  the  whole 
city  was  in  mourning  at  the  news  of  another  death. 
Between  the  hours  of  one  and  two  Saturday  morning, 
March  2,  the  Rev.  W.  H.  Kinckle,  rector  of  St.  Paul's 
church,  died  at  his  home,  corner  Seventh  and  Clay 
streets.  His  health  had  been  impaired  by  exposure 
during  the  severe  winter  weather  while  on  missions 
of  mercy.  On  one  of  the  severest  days  in  Jan- 
uary, during  the  deep  snow,  he  walked  seven  miles 
into  the  country  to  preach  a  funeral,  and  here  laid 
the  foundation  of  the  disease,  pneumonia,  of  which 
he  died.  Mr.  Kinckle  had  been  rector  of  St. 
Paul's  twenty  years,  and  during  that  time  had  built 
two  new  churches,  St.  Paul's  and  Grace.  He  was  pre- 
eminently a  man  of  good  works  and  godly  life.  He 
was  often  seen  night  and  day  burdened  with  fuel  and 
provisions  for  the  poor.  One  night  a  policeman  saw 
two  men  trudging  through  the  snow  with  a  lot  of  wood. 
Thinking  they  were  thieves  he  went  to  arrest  them, 
when  to  his  surprise  it  proved  to  be  Mr.  Kinckle,  with 
his  son  Frank,  carrying  wood  to  some  needy  person. 
His  charities  were  broad  and  few  know  the  extent  of 
his  benefactions.     As  a  preacher  he  was  earnest  and 


254  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

impressive,  and  as  a  pastor,  devoted  to  his  flock.  He 
was  genial,  warm-hearted  and  noble,  always  ready  with 
a  pleasant  word  or  a  kind  act,  and  withal  a  devout 
Christian. 

His  funeral  was  from  St.  Paul's  church,  March  4, 
and  the  admiration  and  love  for  him  was  attested  by 
the  great  crowd  that  attended.  His  remains  were  borne 
to  Spring  Hill  cemetery,  and  by  loving  hands  placed 
in  the  tomb.  His  funeral  sermon  was  preached  by 
Bishop  Johns,  Sunday,  the  31st,  and  in  honor  of  his 
memory  all  the  other  churches  closed. 

Lynchburg  had  been  rapidly  recovering  from  the 
effects  of  the  war  and  the  outlook  was  bright,  when 
suddenly  a  dark  cloud  lowered  and  prosperity  received 
a  check.  President  Johnson  had  vetoed  the  Military 
Bill,  but  it  was  passed  notwithstand  this,  and  March 
5,  Virginia  and  nine  other  Southern  States  were  put 
under  military  rule.  This  was  the  beginning  of  that 
awful  period  of  reconstruction.  The  people  were  very 
blue  over  this  act  of  vandalism  ;  the  war  was  over  and 
they  desired  peace,  but  it  seems  that  the  ''  Wild  Cat 
Congress  "  was  seeking  revenge  and  strife. 

General  Schofield  was  put  in  command  of  Virginia, 
March  13,  and  he  assigned  General  Wilcox  to  Lynch- 
burg. It  was  about  this  same  time  that  Thad. 
Stephens,  of  Pensylvania,  offered  a  bill  to  seize  all 
public  lands  in  the  South,  and  divide  them  among  the 
negroes,  but  even  the  radical  Congress  could  not  stand 
such  a  measure  as  this,  and  it  was  defeated. 

Another  trouble  now  came  upon  the  city.     For  nearly 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        255 

twenty  years  Lynchburg  fought  for  the  Virginia  and 
Tennessee  railroad,  and  up  to  this  time  it  had  remained 
a  separate  corporation.  In  1866,  it  was  proposed  to 
consolidate  this  road  and  the  Southside.  The  city 
bitterly  opposed  it,  and  after  a  long  controversy  the 
proposition  was  defeated  at  a  meeting  of  stockholders 
presided  over  by  Bishop  Early.  Now  the  question 
had  come  up  again,  and  J.  F.  Slaughter  and  Charles 
W.  Statham  were  fighting  hard  for  consolidation,  while 
Major  James  Garland,  Colonel  R.  W.  Withers  and 
John  W.  Daniel  were  opposing  it.  Lynchburg  again 
entered  its  protest,  but  when  William  Mahone  succeeded 
Colonel  William  L.  Owen  as  president  of  the  Virginia 
and  Tennessee  road,  the  people  felt  that  they  were  de- 
feated, and  a  sad  day  it  was  for  the  city,  for  what  was 
predicted  for  consolidation  has  come  true,  and  Lynch- 
burg has  been  made  but  little  more  than  a  way-station 
by  the  road  it  built. 

May  22,  the  corner-stone  of  the  African  Baptist 
church,  on  Court  street  near  Fifth,  was  laid.  In  July, 
Rev.  H.  Suter  succeeded  Mr.  Kinckle  as  rector  of  St. 
Paul's,  and  in  September  Rev.  James  Grammar  took 
charge  of  Grace  church. 

These  were  turbulent  times.  June  17,  R.  H.  and  D. 
Booker  fired  upon  Major  R.  H.  Glass  and  wounded 
him  in  the  eye,  causing  him  to  lose  the  sight  of  it.  The 
trouble  arose  from  an  article  in  the  Republican,  of 
which  Major  Glass  was  editor. 

Under  the  military  rule  the  white  people  and  the 
negroes  were  registering  in  order  to  vote  in  the  October 


256  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

election,  which  was  to  elect  delegates  to  the  convention 
that  was  to  frame  a  new  State  constitution.  The  dele- 
gates elected  were  from  the"trooly  loil"  party,  negroes 
and  white  people.  This  was  the  notorious  Underwood 
convention,  which  first  relieved  the  State  treasury  of  all 
its  money  and  then  framed  what  was  called  a  constitu- 
tion. 

There  seemed  to  be  no  end  to  trouble,  and  now  one 
was  coming  from  a  source  that  was  not  looked  for. 
The  city  had  not  redeemed  its  small  notes  of  1862,  and 
its  bonds  of  1863,  and  was  not  able  to  do  so  now. 
The  peojjle  therefore  began  to  pay  their  taxes  in  this 
kind  of  money,  and  it  threatened  serious  trouble.  The 
question  of  the  validity  of  these  small  notes  was  brought 
up,  and  here  began  a  lawsuit  that  was  not  settled  for 
many  years  afterward. 

January  1,  1868,  witnessed  a  very  pleasant  affair  in 
the  dinner  party  given  by  Patrick  Matthews  at  his 
home  next  to  the  Washington  Hotel.  The  party  was 
unusual,  in  that  no  one  was  invited  who  was  not  seventy- 
five  years  of  age  or  older.  The  best  dinner  that  the 
place  could  afford  Avas  prepared  by  J.  M.  Booker  and 
his  wife.  Those  present  were.  Bishop  Early,  Lindsay 
Shoemaker,  Albon  McDauiel,  Dr.  William  Owen, 
Thomas  Ferguson,  Chesley  Hardy,  George  Percival, 
Al)salom  Williams,  James  McDonald,  James  Fretwell, 
Pleasant  Labby,  David  R.  Edley,  James  V.  Knight, 
Judge  Daniel  A.  Wilson,  Michael  Connell,  Warren 
Ganuaway,  Major  James  Garland  and  John  G.  Meem, 
the  oldest  citizens  of  Lynchburg  at  the  time. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        257 

About  this  time  the  Klu  Klux  Klans  were  organized 
all  over  the  South  to  prevent  the  negroes  from  commit- 
ting crimes ;  and  Lynchburg  had  one  of  these  societies. 
They  scared  the  negroes  terribly,  some  declaring  that 
they  saw  men  like  trees  and  big  white  horses  ten  feet 
high.  Secret  meetings  were  held  and  queer  advertise- 
ments would  appear.  Colonel  Cooley,  the  Federal 
commander  here,  tried  in  vain  to  break  them  up,  but 
no  one  knew  who  belonged  to  them  or  anything  about 
them. 

The  municipal  officers  were  appointed  by  General 
Schofield,  but  an  election  was  soon  to  be  held  for  gov- 
ernor, lieutenant-governor,  and  attorney-general,  antici- 
pating an  early  removal  of  military  rule.  The  conserva- 
tives named  Colonel  Robert  E.  Withers  for  governor. 
General  James  A.  Walker,  for  lieutenant-governor  and 
John  L.  Marye  for  attorney-general.  Some  heated 
political  discussions  were  held  on  the  court  green,  where 
the  houses  of  C.  Christian  and  J.  W.  Gilliam  now 
stand.  Majors  James  Garland  and  John  W.  Daniel 
spoke  for  the  conservatives  and  S.  D.  Williamson, 
"Violet,"  as  he  was  called,  and  Squire  Taliaferro,  a 
negro  from  Richmond,  for  the  radicals.  The  election, 
however,  amounted  to  nothing,  for  military  rule  was 
continued.  It  was  on  the  day  of  this  election  that 
there  was  a  terrible  riot  among  the  negroes.  Ned 
Horton,  a  large  negro,  employed  by  the  express  com- 
pany, said  that  he  intended  to  vote  the  Conservative 
ticket.  He  made  good  his  promise,  and  at  Friends' 
warehouse  cast  his  vote  with  the  white  people.     When 


258  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE, 

he  came  on  the  street  a  crowd  of  negroes  attacked  him. 
He  moved  towards  Ninth  street  and  to  Main,  the 
crowd  still  jeering  him  and  striking  him.  When  he 
turned  the  corner  at  Main  and  Ninth  streets  he  drew  a 
long  knife  and  continued  retreating  until  he  reached  the 
steps  of  J.  P.  Bell's  bookstore,  then  on  the  site  now 
occupied  by  the  Krise  Banking  Company.  He  was 
then  struck  down  by  a  stone,  but,  recovering  himself, 
he  drew  a  large  navy  pistol,  and  deliberately  fired  some 
five  or  six  shots  at  the  mob,  wounding  several  and  dis- 
persing them  ;  but  they  quickly  assembled  again.  In 
the  meantime  a  squad  or  company  of  soldiers  double- 
quicked  down  the  hill  from  the  courthouse,  and  finally 
dispersed  the  mob  and  took  Horton  into  custody.  He 
was  afterwards  tried  both  by  the  civil  and  military  tri- 
bunals and  acquitted.  The  animosity  of  the  negroes 
against  Horton  was  so  great  that  it  was  not  considered 
safe  for  him  to  remain  here,  and  he  was  transferred  by 
the  express  company  to  Alexandria,  where  he  soon  lost 
his  life  while  boating  M'ith  two  other  negroes  on  the 
Potomac  river ;  the  boat  was  upset,  Horton  being 
drowned  and  the  others  escaping. 

The  meeting  of  the  Protestant  Episcopal  Council 
here  in  May  was  of  especial  importance  because  of  the 
attendance  of  General  Robert  E.  Lee  as  a  delegate. 
As  he  came  out  of  church  one  day  he  presented  Sidney 
Strother,  who  was  then  a  child,  with  a  bouquet  of  flowers, 
which  he  still  preserves.  Rev.  Dr.  W.  E.  Munsey, 
of  the  Methodist  Episcopal  Church,  South,  happened  to 
be  in  the  city  at  the  same  time.     He  had  never  seen 


LYNCHBUEG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        259 

General  Lee  until  he  met  him  here  on  the  street.  As 
soon  as  Dr.  Munsey  met  him  he  stepped  off  of  the  side- 
walk and  stood  motionless  with  bare  head  until  he 
passed.  General  Lee  in  recognition  raised  his  hat,  and 
not  a  word  was  spoken  by  either.  The  great  heart  of 
the  eloquent  divine  was  so  moved  at  meeting  the  grand 
chieftain,  that  tears  welled  up  in  his  eyes  and  ran  down 
his  hollow  cheeks.  It  was  a  spontaneous  tribute  which 
genius  and  virtue  paid  to  greatness  and  goodness.  Nor 
was  this  the  only  case ;  wherever  the  General  went  the 
people  sought  an  opportunity  to  do  him  honor. 

The  Philharmonic  Society  gave  an  oratorio  in  June, 
which  was  quite  an  event,  and  at  the  same  time  another 
bid  was  made  for  Randolph-Macon  College.  Holcombe 
Hall,  which  was  much  damaged  by  being  occupied  by 
Confederate  and  Federal  troops,  was  refitted  and  opened 
as  a  theatre.  Main  street  at  the  corner  of  Ninth  had 
been  used  as  a  sale  place  by  the  auctioneers.  Cattle, 
horses,  wagons,  chairs,  beds  and  all  kinds  of  rubbish  were 
sold  there.  The  council  passed  an  ordinance  banishing 
the  lusty  auctioneer  to  other  places  and  the  papers  de- 
clared that  "  the  glory  of  Ned  Akers,  Bony  Burch  and 
Balda  Crenshaw  had  departed."  This  was  the  time  of 
fires  ;  nearly  every  night  the  fire  companies  were  called 
out.  For  convenience  the  city  was  divided  by  Court 
and  Ninth  streets  into  four  fire  wards,  so  that  when  the 
alarm  was  given  the  ward  could  be  struck.  The  old 
hand  engine  was  of  little  service,  and  there  was  talk  of 
buying  a  steamer. 

Another  effort  was  made  against  the  consolidation  of 


'.1  I 


260  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

the  Virginia  and  Tennessee  and  Southside  roads.  Bishop 
John  Early,  Major  J.  Garland,  Judge  D.  A.  Wilson, 
J.  P.  Bondurant,  W.  A.  Strother,  A.  B.  Stratton,  Seth 
Woodroof  and  many  others  petitioned  Mayor  Albon 
McDaniel  to  call  a  public  meeting  to  oppose  it.  The 
meeting,  which  was  held  at  Dudley  Hall,  October  29, 
decided  to  appeal  to  the  military  tribunal  to  submit  the 
question  to  a  vote  of  the  people.  The  council  appointed 
by  the  Federal  officer  had  rejected  a  petition  for  this 
purpose  signed  by  over  two  hundred  business  men.  At 
this  same  meeting  Dr.  R.  S.  Payne  submitted  a  corres- 
pondence, signed  by  Thomas  H.  Calloway,  president  of 
the  East  Tennessee,  Virginia  and  Georgia  road,  charg- 
ing General  Mahone  with  raismanasrement  of  the  Vir- 
ginia  and  Tennessee  road,  and  with  discriminating  against 
Lynchburg.  J.  F.  Slaughter  and  Charles  W.  Statham 
defended  Mahone,  and  presented  a  series  of  sixty-four 
pages  of  letters  in  his  defence.  General  Mahone  then 
lived  in  Lynchburg,  and  despite  the  efforts  of  his  fellow- 
citizens  to  defeat  him,  in  November  he  was  again  elected 
president  of  the  road. 

The  effects  of  reconstruction  were  now  everywhere 
apparent ;  commerce  seemed  to  be  paralyzed,  store- 
houses were  vacant,  the  tobacco  business  seemed  to  be 
ruined,  and  property  was  rapidly  declining  in  value. 
The  outlook  was  indeed  serious.  Efforts  were  made  to 
revive  Lynchburg,  but  without  effect ;  reconstruction 
thwarted  everything.  The  soldiers  here  were  a  rough, 
rowdy  and  drunken  set,  continually  fighting  with  the 
negroes,  and  creating  general  disorder,  and  robberies 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        261 

were  of  nightly  occurrence.  Besides,  the  oath  required 
before  holding  any  office,  civil  or  military,  in  the  State 
was  monstrous,  and  could  scarcely  be  taken  by  one 
Southern  man  in  five  thousand  without  perjury.  The 
required  oath  was  that  you  had  not  given  aid,  counte- 
nance, counsel  or  encouragement  to  persons  engaged  in 
armed  hostilities  against  the  United  States,  nor  yielded 
a  voluntary  support  to  any  pretended  government,  au- 
thority or  power,  or  constitution  within  the  United 
States,  hostile  or  inimical  thereto.  So  drastic  was  it 
that  Senator  Bayard  of  Deleware  refused  to  take,  it. 
Added  to  all  this  there  was  a  brilliant  meteoric  shower 
Saturday  morning,  November  14,  from  twelve  or  one 
o'clock  until  day-break.  Some  thought  the  world  was 
coming  to  an  end,  and  many  did  not  care  if  it  did,  if 
by  that  means  they  could  get  rid  of  the  Yankee  sol- 
diers and  reconstruction. 

Lynchburg  was  called  upon,  November  26,  to  mourn 
the  loss  of  another  of  its  distinguished  citizens.  Frank 
B.  Deane  died  at  his  home  on  Diamond  Hill.  He  was 
one  of  the  truest,  best  and  most  useful  citizens  Vir- 
ginia ever  produced.  Such  was  the  esteem  in  which 
he  was  held  that  a  public  meeting  was  called  to  pass 
resolutions,  and  to  arrange  for  his  funeral.  All  the  or- 
ganizations of  the  city  and  a  large  number  of  citizens 
followed  him  to  his  last  resting  place  in  the  Presby- 
terian cemetery. 

It  seems  as  if  this  year  of  trouble  could  not  close 
■without  one  more  disaster.  This  was  December  23, 
when  the  Virginia  and  Tennessee  machine  shops  burned 


262  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

up.  The  main  building  of  the  shops  was  the  old  cot- 
ton factory.     Two  men  lost  their  lives  in  the  fire,  G.  P. 

Gambill  and  Cassidy.     The  round  house  also 

caught  fire,  but  N.  L.  Price  climbed  to  the  top  and  in 
a  novel  way  extinguished  the  fire.  For  saving  this 
property  he  was  given  a  free  pass  over  the  road  for  life. 

When  the  new  year  opened  prospects  began  to 
brighten.  There  was  a  great  deal  of  talk  of  the  read- 
mission  of  Virginia  into  the  Union,  and  people  hoped 
that  1869  would  bring  peace  and  prosperity.  The 
Freedman's  Bureau  had  expired  and  the  old  shanty  on 
the  court  green  had  been  pulled  down.  The  Real 
Estate  Savings  Bank,  W.  T>.  Hart  president,  and  the 
Peoples  Savings,  J.  D.  Langhorne  president,  had  been 
organized.  Some  northern  capital  was  coming  in  ;  the 
decline  in  real  estate  had  ceased,  and  business  looked  a 
little  better. 

January  8,  John  O.  L.  Goggin,  another  useful  citizen, 
and  prominent  member  of  the  bar,  died  at  his  home  on 
Grace  street. 

A  convention  was  to  assemble  in  Richmond,  March 
17,  to  discuss  the  question  of  the  readmission  of  Vir- 
ginia into  the  Union.  A  public  meeting  M'as  held  here 
in  the  Masonic  hall,  February  8,  to  consider  the  ques- 
tion. B.  H.  Nowlin  was  appointed  chairman.  The 
meeting  declared  in  favor  of  readmission,  but  not  un- 
der the  unjust  and  dangerous  provisions  of  the  Under- 
wood constitution.  Delegates  to  Richmond  were  ap- 
pointed, and  resolutions  regarding  reconciliation  and 
peace  were  passed. 


LYNCHBUEa  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        263 

In  view  of  the  fact  that  President  Johnson  would 
retire  March  4,  to  give  place  to  General  Grant,  a  large 
number  of  prominent  citizens  addressed  the  following 
letter  to  him  : 

*'  To  His  Excellency  Andrew  Johnson, 

President  of  the  United  States : 
The  undersigned  citizens  of  Lynchburg,  Virginia,  supposing  that 
your  Excellency  will  pass  through  this  city  in  a  few  days  en  route  to 
your  home  in  Tennessee,  avail  themselves  of  the  opportunity  to  ex- 
tend to  you  the  hospitality  of  the  city,  and  express  the  hope  that  it 
will  be  agreeable  to  your  Excellency  to  accept  the  same. 

With  sentiments  of  high  regard,  they  are  most  respectfully, 

Albon  McDaniel,  Mayor," 
et  al. 

President  Johnson  accepted  the  invitation,  and  the 
citizens  began  j)i'eparations  for  his  reception.  A  meet- 
ing was  held  at  the  Norvell  House,  and  the  following 
reception  committee  appointed  :  Alexander  McDonald, 
J.  R.  McDaniel,  E.  D.  Christian,  C.  M.  Blackford,  C. 
H.  Massie,  Dr.  M.  N.  Fleming,  J.  AVilliam  Morgan, 
W.  A.  Strother,  George  M.  Rucker,  William  King, 
Colonel  F.  Huger,  Dr.  W.  O.  Owen,  William  Waller, 
John  Abrahams,  and  Major  John  S.  Langhorne. 

March  18,  the  day  set  for  the  visit,  the  reception 
committee  went  to  Charlottesville  to  meet  the  distin- 
guished guest.  When  Mr.  Johnson  and  his  party  ar- 
rived a  large  crowd  was  at  the  depot  to  meet  him.  He 
was  escorted  to  a  carriage  drawn  by  four  horses,  which 
was  waiting  for  him,  and  as  the  procession  moved 
through  the  crowd  of  spectators,  cheer  after  cheer  arose. 
When  the  Norvell  House  was  reached  Mr.  Johnson 


264  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

made  a  short  address  from  the  balcony,  and  this  was 
the  occasion  for  renewed  cheering. 

At  ten  o'clock  in  the  evening  the  party  sat  down  to 
a  sumptuous  banquet  prepared  by  Messrs.  Holt.  Hon- 
orable Thomas  S.  Bocock  took  the  head  of  the  table. 
The  first  toast  was  :  "  His  Excellency  Andrew  John- 
son, ex-president  of  the  United  States,  the  champion 
of  the  Constitution,  whose  name  will  ever  be  held  dear, 
and  whose  great  fame  will  ever  be  cherished  by  every 
American  patriot,"  Mr.  Johnson  responded,  stating 
his  great  gratification  and  pride  on  this  occasion,  and 
saying  that  he  had  rather  be  free  from  the  presidency 
than  inaugurated  the  second  time  over  the  ruins  of  a 
violated  Constitution.  Other  toasts  were  offered  by 
Wm.  T.  Yancy,  J.  W.  Morgan,  F.  J.  Betts,  of  New 
York,  C.  M.  Blackford,  Edward  S.  Gregory  and  others. 
The  next  day  a  reception  was  held  from  eleven  to 
two  o'clock,  and  during  the  whole  time  there  was  a 
stream  of  callers,  among  whom  were  many  of  the 
venerable  citizens,  ladies  and  business  men  of  the  city. 
There  being  no  home  military  companies,  as  a  mark  of 
honor  all  the  fire  companies  turned  out,  and  Fire  Mar- 
shal Cobbs  and  the  captains  went  up  and  invited  Mr. 
Johnson  out  to  review  them.  At  four  in  the  afternoon 
the  party  left  in  a  private  car  over  the  Virginia  and 
Tennessee  road  for  Tennessee. 

It  was  very  fitting  for  Lynchburg  to  thus  honor  Mr. 
Johnson,  because  of  the  indignity  offered  him  by  some 
impetuous  young  men  before  the  war,  but  more  espe- 
cially because  he  was    a  calm,  judicious  and  fearless 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        265 

statesman,  withal  human,  and  therefore  not  without  his 
faults.  Few  histories  have  ever  done  this  man  justice ; 
the  North  did  not  like  him  for  the  stand  he  took  after 
Mr.  Lincoln's  death,  and  the  South  was  slow  getting 
over  the  fact  that  he  was  a  strong  Union  man  from  the 
begining  of  the  great  controversy.  When  we  consider 
his  surroundings  and  the  position  he  took  in  defence  of 
the  South  and  for  the  Constitution,  every  unprejudiced 
mind  must  admire  his  bravery  and  fidelity.  It  will 
not  be  a  digression  to  state  here  some  of  the  brave  and 
true  positions  he  took  which  engendered  such  bitter 
antagonism  against  him  in  Congress  and  throughout 
many  places  in  the  North.  He  vetoed  the  Civil  Rights 
Bill  and  the  Freedman's  Bureau  Bill,  and  proclaimed 
that  as  the  war  was  over  the  military  companies  should 
be  removed  from  the  South.  He  desired  the  release  of 
Mr.  Davis,  and  urged  that  the  Southern  Senators  and 
Congressmen  be  allowed  to  take  their  seats ;  that  to  pro- 
hibit them  now  was  unconstitutional.  He  wanted  peace, 
order,  tranquility  and  civil  authority  to  exist  in  the 
whole  country,  and  to  this  end  be  proclaimed  the  writ 
of  habeas  corpus  restored  in  the  South  and  martial  law 
removed.  He  opposed  the  Fifteenth  Amendment, 
vetoed  the  Negro  Suffrage  Bill  for  the  District  of  Co- 
lumbia, and  declared  himself  for  a  speedy,  public  and 
impartial  trial. 

Congress  became  more  and  more  antagonistic  to  him, 
and  Sloan,  of  Missouri,  offered  a  resolution  to  impeach 
him,  "  in  order  that  the  fruits  of  victory  and  the  will 
of  the  people  could  be  carried  out."     Even  this  did 


2GG  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

not  deter  the  brave  statesman  ;  he  vetoed  the  Military 
Bill  and  the  supplementary  Keconstruction  Bill,  and  in 
his  raessasre  on  this  occasion  said  in  reference  to  the 
South  :  "  Reconciliation  is  our  duty.  We  should  gen- 
erously meet  them  in  the  spirit  of  charity  and  forgive- 
ness, and  conquer  them  even  more  effectually  by  the 
magnanimity  of  the  nation  than  by  the  force  of  arms." 
When  the  Reconstruction  Bill  was  passed  over  his  veto 
he  proclaimed  the  supremacy  of  the  judiciary  and 
ordered  military  commanders  to  obey  and  protect  the 
courts.  In  his  annual  message  of  1867,  he  arraigned 
"the  perverse  malice  of  a  profligate  Congress/'  and 
pointed  out  the  greatest  of  all  dangers  yet  encountered, 
that  of  trying  to  Africanize  half  our  country. 

Congress  was  bitter  against  him  for  the  action  already 
taken,  and  when  he  removed  E.  M.  Stanton  from  the 
Secretaryship  of  War,  the  impeachment  proceedings 
growing  out  of"  the  perverse  malice  of  a  profligate  Con- 
gress "  began  in  earnest ;  but  the  scheme  was  defeated, 
and  no  place  rejoiced  more  than  did  Lynchburg.  One  of 
his  last  and  most  significant  acts  was  the  proclamation 
of  general  amnesty,  December  25,  1868.  It  extended 
"  full  and  unconditional  pardon  to  all  engaged  in  the  re- 
bellion, without  restriction,  to  all  and  every  person 
directly  or  indirectly  engaged  in  it,  with  restoration  of 
all  rights  and  privileges  under  the  Constitution." 

The  papers  of  the  time  spoke  of  him  in  high  terms. 
One  said  he  was  the  greatest  representative  man  of  the 
age,  adamantine,  the  friend  of  law,  peace  and  govern- 
ment.    Another  said  :     "  No  man  ever  lifted  himself 


LYNCHBUEG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        267 

more  proudly  against  the  torrent  of  popular  denuncia- 
tion than  he.  Northern  fanatics  and  political  intriguers 
tried  to  intimidate  him ;  blandishments  did  not  soften 
him,  and  threats  did  not  frighten  him.  He  devoted  him- 
self to  the  Constitution,  and  in  face  of  the  storm  of 
Congress  and  the  North,  he  stood  fast,  the  friend  of  the 
oppressed  South."  And  now  as  prejudice  and  passion 
dies  out,  the  wisdom  of  Mr.  Johnson's  position  becomes 
more  apparent.  Many  believe  that  his  policy  was  sim- 
ilar to  that  which  would  have  been  adopted  by  Mr. 
Lincoln  had  he  lived. 

Lynchburg  was  now  prepared  for  the  worst,  and  it 
seems  that  it  was  coming.  The  judge  of  the  Circuit 
Court,  Judge  David  Spence  of  the  Hustings  Court, 
Major  James  Garland,for  eighteen  years  commonwealth's 
attorney,  and  the  clerk  of  the  courts,  were  all  removed 
by  General  Schofield,  and  military  appointees  put  in 
their  places,  Frederick  J.  Betts  succeeding  Judge 
Spence.  Notwithstanding  all  this  the  people  felt  kindly 
towards  the  subordinate  officers,  who  deported  them- 
selves as  gentlemen  ;  an  instance  of  this  was  when 
Colonel  F.  M.  Cooley,  who  had  charge  of  Lynchburg, 
was  removed.  His  friends  gave  him  a  dinner  at  the 
Washington  Hotel. 

Saturday  morning,  March  27,  at  his  home  three 
miles  from  the  city,  Samuel  Miller  died.  He  was 
seventy-seven  years  old,  having  been  born  in  a  log 
cabin  in  the  mountains  in  Albemarle  county,  June  30, 
1792.  His  mother,  who  was  a  weaver,  was  very  poor, 
and  the  boy  had  to  begin  work  early,  making  his  first 


268  LYNCHBUEG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

money  picking  wool  off  of  the  briers  where  the  sheep 
went  along.  He  had  few  or  no  advantages,  and  as  a 
young  man  came  here  and  found  employment  in  the 
store  of  Benjamin  Perkins.  By  close  economy  and 
application  he  was  enabled  to  go  into  business  for  him- 
self, and,  in  a  small  way,  began  buying  tobacco.  He 
failed  twice,  but  again  got  on  his  feet  and  began  to 
operate  in  stocks  and  securities.  At  this  he  was  very 
successful,  and  amassed  a  large  fortune.  In  1829  his 
health  failed  and  he  retired  to  his  farm  near  the  city. 
He  was  never  married,  and  liyed  alone,  with  the  excep- 
tion of  a  few  servants.  He  was  polite  and  agreeable 
to  all  comers,  but  did  not  court  company.  Alone  with 
his  bonds,  stocks  and  newspapers,  he  spent  his  days 
often  in  pain  and  suffering,  a  rich  man  to  be  pitied. 
Rev.  R.  N.  Sledd  conducted  his  funeral  services,  and  he 
was  buried  temporarily  at  Bowles'  farm,  but  was  after- 
wards removed  to  the  Orphan  Asylum  grounds,  wliere 
a  handsome  monument  was  erected  over  him. 

Mr.  Miller  was  a  man  of  superior  mind,  sagacious 
and  farseeing.  It  might  be  said  that  he  was  a  remark- 
able man  in  some  respects ;  living  here  in  an  inland 
town,  and  operating  almost  altogether  through  news- 
paper quotations,  he  accumulated  a  fortune  of  several 
million  dollars,  when  to  be  a  millionaire  was  thought 
to  be  immensely  rich. 

Several  years  before  his  death  he  gave  a  beautiful 
park  of  forty  acres  for  the  establishment  of  the  Lynch- 
burg Orphan  Asylum,  and  in  June,  'QS,  he  appointed 
the   following    corporators    and    laid    aside    a    large 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        269 

amount  for  building  and  endowment:  A.  B.  Rucker, 
president ;  John  G.  Meem,  vice-president ;  J.  O.  Wil- 
liams, secretary  and  treasurer;  C.  W.  Button,  J.  H. 
Flood,  J.  J.  Terrell,  J.  F.  Slaughter,  L.  Norvell,  D. 
P.  Halsey,  W.  A.  Miller,  G.  D.  Davis,  T.  E.  Mur- 
rell  and  D.  E,  Spence.  In  his  will,  for  which  a 
thousand-dollar  stamp  had  to  be  secured  from  Phila- 
delphia, he  left  the  city,  besides  three  hundred  thousand 
dollars  to  the  Orphan  Asylum,  the  city  park  and  twenty 
thousand  dollars  with  which  to  build  a  reservoir  on 
College  Hill.  He  left  about  two  millions  to  found  an 
industrial  school  in  Albemarle,  the  Miller  School. 
Chiswell  Dabney,  Samuel  McCorkle  and  N.  R.  Page 
were  his  executors.  Some  of  his  children  brought  suit 
to  have  the  will  set  aside,  and  for  many  years  it 
was  pending,  and  was  finally  settled  by  each  getting 
about  seventy-five  thousand  dollars,  and  the  rest  going 
as  directed. 

The  Ladies'  Memorial  Celebration  this  year  was  of 
especial  interest.  The  Fire  Department,  Masons,  Tem- 
perance Societies,  Odd-Fellows,  Sunday-schools  and  a 
large  number  of  citizens  turned  out.  Besides  decorat- 
ing the  graves  of  the  soldiers,  the  corner-stone  of  a 
monument  was  to  be  laid.  The  monument  was  to  cost 
eight  hundred  dollars,  and  the  ladies  had  raised  all 
but  fifty ;  having  raised  nearly  four  thousand  dollars 
for  everything.  The  exercises  were  opened  with  prayer 
by  Rev.  R.  N.  Sledd ;  then  followed  an  address  by 
Rev.  Mr.  Wagoner ;  John  W.  Daniel  recited  one  of 
Father  Ryan's  poems,  and  the  Sunday-schools  sang  a 


270  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

number  of  hymns,  under  the  direction  of  R.  F.  Hen- 
ning.  The  stone  was  laid  by  Worshipful  Master  John 
R.  McDaniel. 

The  thoughts  of  the  people  were  now  turned  to  poli- 
tics ;  the  election  for  governor  was  approaching  and 
there  was  much  political  speaking.  Jack  Averett  and 
another  negro  named  Sam  Kelso  were  haranguing  the 
negroes,  as  was  a  fellow  named  Flynn,  who  was  very 
incendiary  in  his  utterances,  advising  the  blacks  to 
burn  the  property  of  the  white  people. 

Henry  H.  Wells,  of  Michigan,  the  military  governor 
and  candidate  for  re-election,  was  in  Lynchburg,  and 
was  challenged  by  Thomas  S.  Bocock  for  a  dis- 
cussion, but  declined.  Gilbert  C.  Walker  was  the 
other  candidate  for  governor  and  Robert  Ridgeway  for 
Congress,  June  10,  there  was  a  great  Conservative 
rally  here.  Thomas  S.  Bocock,  John  Baldwin,  of 
Staunton ;  B.  Johnson  Barbour,  of  Orange,  and  W. 
W.  AValker,  of  Westmoreland,  spoke.  The  excite- 
ment was  intense  and  the  people  labored  hard,  feeling 
that  nearly  everything  was  at  stake.  When  the  polls 
closed,  July  6,  the  Conservatives  had  won  the  victory, 
and  carpet-bag  and  scalawag  power  in  Virginia  was 
broken.  Along  with  Gilbert  C.  Walker,  Colonel  R. 
L.  Owen  was  elected  to  the  Senate,  Rufus  A,  Mur- 
rell,  John  W.  Danel  and  R.  C.  Burkholder  to  the 
House  of  Delegates.  During  the  canvass  the  veteran 
baggage-man,  John  Kinckle,  threw  out  the  Walker  flag 
and  worked  for  him.  The  better  class  of  negroes  de- 
sired peace  and  harmony  with  the  whites,  and  when  let 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        271 

alone  by  the  carpet-bag  vultures  who  were  seeking  office, 
they  got  on  very  well.  At  a  special  invitation  from 
them,  Charles  L.  Mosby  addressed  them  publicly  on 
their  present  situation,  and  it  was  much  appreciated. 
The  relations  were  still  very  new  and  sometimes  pro- 
duced friction.  The  citizens  were  very  indignant  at  a 
negro  military  company  that  paraded  the  streets,  and 
when  Mclve,  with  his  Bible  which  he  could  not  read, 
and  his  twelve  negro  disciples  with  yellow  flags  and 
blue  lizzards,  and  torn  straw  hats  with  red  and  white, 
marched  up  and  down  delivering  their  "  scources  "  and 
begging  others  to  join,  the  police  took  them  in  for 
disturbing  the  peace.  Freedom  seemed  to  make  some 
of  them  restive ;  the  tobacco  roll-makers  went  on  a 
strike,  claiming  two  dollars  and  fifty  cents  per  hundred 
pounds  instead  of  one  dollar  and  fifty  cents  they  were 
now  getting. 

Before  closing  this  the  most  memorable  chapter  in 
the  history  of  Lynchburg,  there  are  some  events  that 
may  be  casually  mentioned.  July  29,  Horace  Greeley 
was  here  and  addressed  a  large  crowd  in  front  of  the 
Washington  House.  In  August,  a  new  pump  was 
erected,  the  brass  on  which  was  from  two  cannons  pre- 
sented to  the  State  by  General  Lafayette.  The  college, 
which  had  been  greatly  damaged  by  being  used  as  a 
hospital,  and  especially  by  the  squatters,  was  sold  for 
two  thousand,  nine  hundred  and  fifteen  dollars,  having 
cost  about  sixty  thousand  dollars.  The  bell  Grace 
church  got,  and  now  uses.  Two  prominent  citizens 
died,  Absalom  Williams,  August  4,  and  Dr.  Wyatt  W. 


272  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE, 

Hamner,  one  of  Lynchburg's  leading  physicians,  the 
18th.  Hardin  Rucker  sold  at  Friend's  warehouse  a 
lot  of  tobacco  raised  in  Bedford  for  three  thousand,  one 
hundred  and  fifty  dollars  per  hundred  pounds,  the 
highest  ever  paid  for  tobacco  in  Lynchburg.  The 
Mechanics'  Library  Association,  with  W.  J.  Folkes 
president,  and  John  A.  Humphries  vice-president,  was 
organized.  The  dreadful  financial  crisis  September  23, 
known  as  "  Black  Friday,"  did  much  harm  to  the  busi- 
ness of  the  place.  Rev.  H.  Suter  resigned  as  rector 
of  St.  Paul's  church,  and  preached  his  farewell  sermon 
September  26.  Rev.  Michael  Ferran,  rector  of  the 
Catholic  church,  was  found  dead  in  his  bed  October  7. 
Rev.  J.  J.  McGurk  came  to  officiate  at  his  funeral  and 
remained  as  the  rector  of  the  church.  The  First  and 
Second  Presbyterian  churches  voted  to  consolidate,  but 
on  October  11  it  was  reconsidered  and  defeated,  the 
First  church  voting  twenty-five  for  and  twenty-eight 
against  consolidation,  and  the  Second  twelve  for  and 
twenty-two  against.  Jackson  Street  Methodist  church, 
colored,  was  dedicated  October  17,  Rev.  J.  Brown  of 
Baltimore,  preaching  the  sermon.  Elisha  Snead,  an- 
other useful  and  valuable  citizen,  died  October  11.  The 
Agricultural  and  Mechanical  Society  had  been  organ- 
ized, and  with  the  twenty-five  hundred  dollars  given 
by  the  council,  had  erected  buildings  and  fitted  up 
Miller  Park  as  a  fair  ground.  The  first  fair  was  opened 
October  2G  with  prayer  by  Rev.  C.  C.  Bitting,  of  the 
Baptist  church.  The  drouth  was  terrible,  yet  the  at- 
tendance was  good.     A  public  meeting  was  called  at 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        273 

Holcombe  Hall  to  inaugurate  a  movement  to  build  a 
railroad  from  Lynchburg  to  Covington,  Kentucky. 
December  5,  Paulett's  Tavern,  corner  Twelfth  and  Polk 
streets,  a  famous  place  for  wagoners,  was  burned  down. 
Three  sad  affairs  closed  this  mournful  decade. 
Samuel  Jones,  son  of  Charles  T.  Jones,  accidently 
killed  himself  with  a  pistol,  November  16  ;  Colonel 
William  B.  Brown,  an  old  and  honorable  citizen,  was 
accidently  shot  through  the  leg  in  Fisher's  store,  and 
died  December  3  ;  and,  on  the  23d,  a  crowd  of  drunken 
and  disorderly  soldiers  shot  and  killed  William  Baley, 
of  Campbell,  while  he  was  walking  along  the  street 
here.  Great  excitement  was  created,  and  if  the  mur- 
derers had  been  caught,  Lynchburg  would  have  expe- 
rienced what  it  has  never  experienced — a  lynching. 


CHAPTER  X. 

Reconstruction  and  hard  times  rested  upon  the 
place  like  the  pall  of  death  ;  everywhere  was  the  depress- 
ing influence  felt,  but  still  there  was  hope,  for  the  ques- 
tion of  readmissiou  was  being  discussed  in  Congress. 
The  Senate,  after  amendment,  passed  the  House  bill,  and, 
January  24,  1870,  Virginia  was  readmitted  into  the 
Union.  Richmond  celebrated  the  event,  but  Lynchburg 
took  it  quietly,  not  being  especially  thankful,  except  that 
reconstruction,  with  its  horrors  and  hardships,  had  passed 
away.  There  was  much  joy,  however,  at  the  inauguration 
of  Gilbert  C.  Walker,  the  first  governor  elected  by  the 
people  since  the  war  closed. 

Some  changes  had  taken  place  in  the  churches.  Rev. 
T.  M.  Carson,  the  new  rector  of  St.  Paul's,  preached 
his  first  sermon  here  January  2.  On  the  29th  Rev. 
E.  H.  Barnett,  assistant  pastor  of  the  First  Presby- 
terian church,  resigned,  and  April  25  Dr.  J.  B.  Ram- 
sey, the  venerable  pastor,  also  resigned, 

Lynchburg,  with  all  Virginia,  was  again  called  to 
mourning.  In  Richmond  there  had  been  a  municipal 
war.  George  Chahoun,  the  mayor,  appointed  during 
the  period  of  reconstruction,  refused  to  surrender  to 
H.  K.  Ellyson,  the  mayor  elected  by  the  people.  The 
situation  was  threatening,  and  at  one  time  it  was  feared 
that  there  would  be  bloodshed,  but  better  judgment 
prevailed,  and  it  was  carried  into  the  civil  courts.     The 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        275 

Court  of  Appeals  was  to  render  its  decision  in  the  case 
April  27,  and  the  court-room  in  the  capitol  was  packed 
with  people  who  had  come  to  hear  it.     At  about  eleven 
o'clock  in  the  morning,  just  as  the  judges  were  coming 
in,  the  gallery  fell  with  a  crash,  and  then  the  floor  with 
its  heavy  burden  went  down.     As  many  as  were  able 
rushed  out  and  gave  the  alarm.     The  gallery  and  the 
floor   had    caught    hundreds    of    citizens    beneath    the 
wreck.     The  scene  was  awful;  within   the  dust  was 
almost    stifling,   and    the  shrieks    and    groans    of  the 
wounded  were  heartrending.     The  square  without  was 
soon   filled  with  anxious   people,    many  weeping    and 
calling  for  loved  ones   who  were   known  to  be  in  the 
ruins,  and  when  one  of  the  killed  or  wounded  was  borne 
out  upon  a  cot  it  was  the  occasion  for  fresh  outbursts 
of  sorrow.     This  was  one  of  the  worst  accidents  that 
had  happened  since  the  burning  of  the  theatre  near  the 
same  spot.     Sixty   or  seventy  were  killed,  and   more 
than  a  hundred  wounded.     Honorable  Thomas  S.  Bo- 
cock,  of  this  city,  was  severely  wounded,  and  Major 
John  W.  Daniel  slightly.     Major  Daniel  was  sitting 
on  the  end  of  a  long  table,  near  the  bench,  with  J.  A .  Mc- 
Call  and  G.  T.  Green.     When  the  crash  came  he  slapped 
McCall  on  the  knee  and  said,  "  Sit  still."     They  did 
sit  still,  and  the  table  and  all  its  contents  was  plunged 
into  the  vortex,  leaving  them  clinging  to  the  rounds  of 
the  judges'  bench.     This  saved  their  lives.     The  citi- 
zens wanted  to  express  their  sympathy  for  the  bereaved 
and  the  suffering,  so  a  meeting  Avas  called  at  Friends' 
warehouse  the  next  day  after  the  calamity,  Judge  James 


276  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Garland  chairman.  Several  appropriate  addresses  were 
made,  and  resolutions  were  passed  expressing  the  pro- 
found sorrow  of  the  people  of  Lynchburg.  The  Gov- 
ernor appointed  May  4  as  the  day  of  humiliation  and 
prayer,  in  view  of  the  terrible  disaster,  but  the  city  did 
not  observe  that  day,  preferring  to  unite  the  day  of 
mourning  and  memorial  day,  and  celebrate  both  to- 
gether. Special  signilinauce,  therefore,  was  given  to 
the  10th.  The  papers  were  in  mourning,  business  houses 
closed,  and  many  citizens  were  in  line  to  do  honor  to 
the  occasion. 

There  was  not  much,  at  this  time,  to  speak  of  that 
was  of  an  encouraging  nature,  unless  it  was  the  moving 
of  the  officers  appointed  by  the  military  commander. 
May  12  Major  J.  Garland  was  elected  judge  of  the 
Hustings  Court,  and  on  July  1,  James  M.  Cobbs  was 
installed  as  mayor,  A.  Christian  commonwealth's  attor- 
ney, Samuel  D.  Preston  clerk  of  the  court,  and  Suprey 
C.  Woodroof  police  sergeant.  In  June  the  Virginia 
and  Tennessee  and  Southside  roads  were  consolidated, 
and  called  the  Atlantic,  Mississippi  and  Ohio  road. 
Dr.  W.  E.  Muusey  was  here  July  15,  and  delivered 
his  profound  lecture  on  "  Man,"  at  Centenary  church, 
and  on  the  21st  his  wonderful  lecture  on  Elijah.  These 
were  the  greatest  lectures  ever  heard  in  Lynchburg, 
and  were  unsurpassed  for  vividness  of  description. 
When  speaking  of  the  angels  coming  for  Elijah  the 
speaker  pointed  to  the  window  and  said,  "  Don't  you 
see  them,"  and  many  turned  their  heads  as  if  they  really 
expected  to  see  the  heavenly  hosts.     A  sad  occurrence 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        277 

was  that  which  took  phice  July  20,  when  Major  E.  C. 
Kandolph  was  killed  in  his  office  near  Church  and 
Eleventh  streets  in  a  rencontre  with  J.  and  L.  Wim- 
bush.  There  had  also  been  several  deaths  of  promi- 
nent citizens.  Samuel  Harman,  one  of  the  leading  mer- 
chants, died  January  21  ;  Patrick  Matthews,  a  very 
wealthy  man,  July  1,  and  Captain  George  Woodville 
Latham,  a  well-know  lawyer,  August  15. 

Little  attention  was  paid  to  the  local  news  now,  on 
account  of  the  great  interest  in  tAvo  outside  subjects. 
One  was  the  trial  and  execution  of  a  young  man  named 
Jeter  Phillips,  in  Richmond,  who  murdered  his  wife, 
Emily  Pitts,  at  Drinkard's  farm,  near  that  city.  After 
a  long  trial  he  was  convicted  and  hanged  July  22. 
The  evidence  was  mostly  circumstantial,  and  many  feel- 
ing that  he  was  innocent,  appealed  to  the  governor  to 
pardon  him,  but  he  refused.  All  doubt  as  to  his  guilt, 
was,  however,  allayed  by  his  full  confession  before  the 
execution.  The  other  absorbing  topic  was  the  Franco- 
Prussian  war.  Though  foreign,  this  was  of  special  in- 
terest since  our  own  experience  in  warfare. 

The  recollection  of  the  great  dog  trouble,  when  the 
town  became  a  city,  was  still  fresh  in  the  minds  of  the 
people,  and  now  another  was  threatened.  The  whole 
city  was  stirred,  and  trouble  was  imminent.  An  ordi- 
nance had  been  passed  taxing  dogs,  and  requiring  that 
all  without  tags  be  caught  in  a  net  and  put  in  pound 
at  the  old  market  house.  A  great  many  dogs,  whose 
owners  had  been  careless  about  paying  the  tax,  were 
caught  and  held  a  short  while,  and  if  not  claimed  were 


278  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

killed.  The  killing  took  place  on  the  street,  and  was 
by  choking  or  stamping  them  to  death.  Even  the  most 
hard-hearted  could  not  endure  this,  and  soon  a  storm  of 
indignation  was  raised.  The  people  said  it  was  bad 
enough  to  kill  the  poor  dogs,  but  if  they  must  be  killed, 
they  must  be  killed  decently.  Further  trouble  was 
prevented  by  the  Council  requiring  that  the  unclaimed 
dogs  be  carried  outside  of  the  city  and  shot. 

This  seemed  to  be  the  season  for  fixing  up  the 
churches.  Court  Street,  under  Rev.  E,.  N.  Sledd,  was 
repaired  at  a  cost  of  four  thousand  dollars ;  St.  Paul's, 
under  Rev.  T.  M.  Carson,  spent  about  five  thousand  in 
repairs,  and  Rev.  G.  W.  Langhorne,  the  pastor  of  Cen- 
tenary, began  to  improve  his  church.  To  help  pay  for 
this  work  the  ladies  held  feasts,  usually  at  Dudley 
Hall,  and  such  feasts  they  were  !  Many  will  remem- 
ber the  fine  dinners  and  the  evenings  of  pleasure  that 
were  enjoyed,  as  well  as  the  turning  of  their  pockets 
wrong  side  out  to  leave  with  the  girls,  who  helped  in  the 
good  cause,  what  change  they  had  with  them. 

One  of  the  largest  fires  in  the  history  of  Lynchburg 
took  place  September  2.  Some  one  set  fire  to  a  frame 
house  on  Twelfth  street,  and  it  soon  spread  until  several 
tobacco  factories.  Brown's  Seminary,  the  largest  building 
in  the  city  but  one,  and  several  other  houses  were  burned 
down.  Owing  to  the  long  drought  water  was  scarce, 
and  at  one  time  it  looked  as  if  the  whole  city  was 
doomed.  The  volunteer  fire  companies  did  valiant 
service,  and  after  some  hours  the  fire  was  gotten  under 
control. 


LyJSCHBURG   AND   ITS    PEOPLE.  279 

The  drought  which  had  prevailed  nearly  all  summer 
continued,  without  any  sign  of  relief,  until  Wednesday 

°ning,  September  28,  when  it  began  to  rain.  The 
people  were  glad  to  welcome  rain,  though  it  seemed  as  if 
all  the  rains  of  the  summer  were  united  in  one.  It  poured 
down  in  torrents,  and  continued  all  night  and  all  day  and 
all  night  Thursday.  Two  dams  above  the  city  broke 
and  the  river  began  to  rise  rapidly.  At  nine  o'clock 
Thursday  night  the  water  was  twenty-two  feet  high 
and  was  rising  at  the  rate  of  an  inch  a  minute.  At 
ten  o'clock  the  gas  pipe  across  Blackwater  creek  was 
swept  away,  leaving  the  city  in  darkness.  Later,  the  first 
lock  was  washed  away  and  the  river  began  to  flow  into 
the  canal.  Attempts  were  made  to  secure  the  freight 
and  packet  boats,  but  few  were  saved.  The  water  con- 
tinued to  rise,  and  soon  the  first  floor  of  the  Piedmont 
House  and  the  Orange  House  were  submerged,  and  the 
women  and  children  had  to  be  taken  out  in  their  night 
clothes  and  sent  up  town  to  a  place  of  safety.  At  half 
after  ten  the  toll-bridge  was  carried  away.  The  packet 
bell  began  to  ring  for  relief,  the  courthouse  bell  sounded 
an  alarm,  and  large  crowds,  almost  wild  with  excite- 
ment, rushed  to  the  river's  bank  to  render  what  assist- 
ance was  in  their  power. 

At  twelve  o'clock  the  water  was  still  rising,  and  few 
could  tell  what  was  the  extent  of  damage.  The  city 
on  the  hills  above,  shrouded  in  dense  darkness,  looked 
like  a  great  spectre,  while  beneath,  the  hell  of  waters, 
howling,  hissing  and  boiling  in  torture,  were  tearing  to 
pieces  all  that  came  within  their  ruinous  grasp.     Trees, 


280  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

boats,  barns,  houses,  and  other  things,  swept  quickly  by. 
Once  or  twice  the  watchers  heard  a  scream  for  help  com- 
ing from  some  object  in  the  mad  river's  clutches ;  but 
in  that  dark,  drenching  rain  what  could  they  do  but  pity 
and  pray  ?  It  seemed  as  if  the  dreadful  night  would 
never  end  ;  that  the  morning  was  ashamed  to  look  upon 
the  horrible  havoc  wrought  during  the  wretched  night. 
At  last  the  light  began  to  break  in  the  east,  and  the 
rain  ceased.  The  view  made  the  heart  sick ;  ruin 
met  the  gaze  on  every  side  ;  the  Orange  bridge,  the  toll 
bridge,  the  bridges  of  the  A.  M.  &  O.  railroad,  shops  and 
buildings  near  the  river,  boats  and  dwellings  had  been 
swept  away,  and  the  canal  seemed  to  be  ruined.  Major 
E.  A.  Goodwyn  was  caught  on  the  Southside  Island, 
and  spent  a  night  of  terror.  He  knew  the  water  was 
rapidly  rising,  and  expected  the  house  he  Avas  in  to  be 
washed  away,  for  every  moment  he  could  hear  the  crash 
of  timbers  and  trees  against  the  building.  Many  others 
were  caught  in  trees  and  on  houses  where  they  had  gone 
for  safety,  and  had  to  stay  there  until  rescued  the  next 
day.  Ten  were  drowned,  among  whom  were  Mrs. 
Ransome  and  her  daughter  and  Willie  Whitlow.  Mrs. 
Ramsome  and  child  left  their  home,  threatened  by  the 
waters,  and  took  refuge  in  a  bridge  below  the  city.  The 
attention  of  two  boatmen  was  attracted  by  a  child's 
voice,  and  they  turned  in  that  direction.  As  they  were 
striving  to  reach  them  they  heard  the  child  pleading 
with  its  mother,  saying,  ''  Don't  cry ;  the  storm  will 
soon  be  over ;  God  can  see  us,  and  if  we  are  drowned 
He  will  know  where  to  find  us."     Later  they  heard 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        281 

the  little  voice  say  :  "  Kiss  me,  mother ;  I  can  hold  out 
no  longer,"  and  the  bridge  Avent  down  with  its  precious 
burden.  Next  day,  when  the  husband  returned,  he 
wildly  wandered  up  and  down  the  river,  calling  for  his 
loved  ones.  Mrs.  C  J.  M.  Jordan  has  told  the  story 
so  touchingly  in  verse  that  I  venture  to  quote  it : 

Out  in  all  that  storm  and  darkness,  lashed  by  tempest  fury  wild, 
On  a  bridge  that  spanned  the  river,  stood  a  mother  and  her  child. 
There  in  mute,  awe-stricken  terror,  as  the  tide  about  them  swept,^ 
All  unmarked  by  any  other  save  tlie  Eye  that  never  slept — 
Stood  they  clinging  to  each  other,  helpless,  homeless  ancl  alone,. 
Mute — until  the  mother's  sobbing  woke  the  child's  assuring  tone. 
When  in  accents,  low  and  plaintive,  like  a  harp  string  softly  stirred, 
Spake  the  little  voice,  appealing,  sweet  as  evening  song  of  bird: 
"Don't  cry,  mother  ;  'twill  be  over  by  and  by.     I  see  a  spark 
Of  light  now  coming  towards  us;  God  can  see  us  in  the  dark." 
And  the  mother's  heart  took  courage,  and  she  pressed  the  little  hand 
With  a  closer,  firmer  pressure,  as  she  peered  towards  the  land. 
But,  alas!  the  darkness  veiled  it  from  lier  eager,  anxious  sight; 
And  the  rushing  swell  of  waters  quenched  the  near  approach  of  light. 
Lone  and  helpless — faint  with  terror,  dumb  with  agony  untold — 
The  feeble  woman  bowed  her  head;  the  child  unloosed  its  hold. 
"Good-bye,  mother;  I  am  going,  for  my  limbs  are  cold  and  bare, 
But  I  know  if  we  are  drowning  God  can  find  out  where  we  are." 
And  as  out  that  child-voice  floated,  on  the  stormy  night-wind  borne. 
Dashing  waves  and  roaring  torrents  mingling  with  its  angel  tone,  ' 
Suddenly  there  swept  a  current,  tossing  high  its  foammg  crown. 
And  the  bridge  that  arched  the  river  with  its  precious  freight  went 

down ! 
Down  alas  !  the  child  and  mother,  all  unmarked  by  human  eye, 
As  the  waters'  angry  gurgle  swallowed  up  their  dying  cry. 
And  from  noble  lips  that  struggled  for  their  rescue,  temptest-tossed, 
Kose  the  cry  aloud   to   Heaven,  through  the  midnight  shadows 

"Lost!" 
" Lost "  indeed  were  they  to  danger;  "lost  "  to  terror  and  alarm, 
While  aroimd  their  trustful  spirits  stretched  the  Everlasting  Arm." 


282  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

In  March  of  this  year  there  had  been  a  freshet,  but 
it  was  as  nothing  compared  with  this  one ;  in  fact,  this 
was  the  most  destructive  ever  known,  not  excepting 
those  of  May  1771  and  1847.  The  water  rose  twenty- 
six  feet,  and  many  large  houses  and  shops  were  lifted 
up  and  carried  away  as  if  they  had  been  drift-wood. 
The  damage  to  property  in  Lynchburg  amounted  to  a 
million  dollars,  and  besides  this  great  loss  hundreds 
were  thrown  out  of  work,  the  city  Avas  without  light  or 
water,  and  all  travel  and  transportation  was  stopped, 
for  there  was  not  a  bridge  over  the  river  that  escaped 
destruction. 

A  public  meeting  was  called  to  help  the  flood  suf- 
ferers, and  a  large  amount  of  money  was  raised,  all  of 
which  was  needed  and  more  besides.  Many  outsiders 
sent  help,  and  among  them  was  General  N.  M.  Curtis, 
who  sent  his  check  for  fifty  dollars.  A  relief  commit- 
tee was  organized,  with  P.  D.  Christian  chairman,  and 
Samuel  Tyree  treasurer,  and  the  people  went  to  work 
heroically  to  provide  for  the  destitute. 

It  seemed  as  if  troubles  would  never  end.  News 
had  already  been  received  that  General  Lee  had  been 
paralyzed,  and  now  came  the  distressing  announcement 
that  the  great  hero  and  noble  Christian  was  no  more ; 
that  he  had  died  of  congestion  of  the  brain,  at  his 
home  in  Lexington,  at  9:30  A.  M.,  October  12,  1870, 
in  the  sixty-fourth  year  of  his  age.  The  funeral  was 
appointed  for  Saturday,  the  15th,  and  on  that  day  Vir- 
ginia and  all  the  South  put  on  mourning  and  lamented 
their  loss. 


I 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        283 

James  M.  Cobbs,  the  mayor,  called  the  citizens  to- 
gether in  a  meeting  at  Dudley  Hall  Friday  evening  to 
arrange  for  a  public  demonstration  in  honor  of  the  dead 
chieftain,  and  to  give  expression  to  the  high  estimate  in 
which  Lynchburg  held  him.  The  committee  appointed 
to  report  suitable  resolutions  and  to  arrange  for  the 
demonstration  was  :  R.  G.  H.  Kean,  Judge  James 
Garland,  Wm.  T.  Yancey,  John  W.  Daniel,  H.  H. 
Lewis,  Alexander  McDonald  and  E.  P.  Goggin.  I 
quote  in  full  the  preamble  and  resolutions,  in  order  that 
coming  generations  may  know  what  the  people  of  the 
same  time,  who  had  been  associated  with  General  Lee 
and  who  knew  him  well,  thought  of  him. 

' '  Whereas,  It  is  becoming  when  a  great  and  good  man  dies  that 
his  fellow-citizens,  upon  whom  he  has  conferred  benefits  by  his  public 
service  and  reflected  honor  by  his  abilities  and  nobleness  of  charac- 
ter, should  mark  the  event  in  an  especial  manner;  and 

Whereas,  It  has  pleased  Almighty  God,  on  Wednesday,  the  12th 
inst.,  to  remove  from  his  earthly  career  of  usefulness  and  fame  the 
soul  of  General  Robert  Edward  Lee  ;  and 

Whereas,  We,  the  people  of  Lynchburg,  desire  to  give  expres- 
sion to  our  sense  of  the  public  loss  sustained  by  the  world,  and  espe- 
cially by  the  State  of  Virginia,  in  the  death  of  her  great  son,  in 
whom  we  recognize  not  only  the  intellectual  gifts  which  make  men 
illustrious,  the  graces  of  character  which  make  them  admirable,  and 
the  deeds  which  make  them  famous,  but  the  sublime  virtues  which 
make  them  truly  great,  and  whose  unique  character,  full-orbed  and 
complete,  whose  simple  grandeur,  stainless  purity,  unselfish  devotion 
to  duty,  patience,  fortitude,  energy,  truth,  steadfastness,  wisdom,  and, 
crowning  all,  earnest  faith  in  God,  gives  dignity  to  human  nature  and 
sheds  lustre  through  all  the  after  ages  upon  the  country  which  gave 
him  birth  ;    therefore, 

Resolved  1.  That  in  the  death  of  General  Eobert  Edward  Lee  we 
recognize  the  hand  of  God,  and  bow  ourselves  before  Him  with 
humility,  submission  and  awe. 


284  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

2.  That  in  the  death  of  General  Lee  the  State  of  Virginia  has 
lost  a  son  and  a  citizen — one  of  the  foremost  among  the  characters 
who  have  adorned  her  annals — and  has  suffered  a  calamity  only  miti- 
gated by  the  rich  heritage  he  has  left  her  people,  in  his  memoiy  and 
example. 

3.  That  we  all  acknowledge  in  this  event  a  personal  sorrow  as  well 
as  a  public  loss,  and  in  token  of  both  the  places  of  business  in  this 
city  will  be  closed  to-morrow,  Saturday,  15th,  at  which  time  the  bells 
of  the  city  will  be  tolled,  and  the  clergy  of  the  city  are  requested  to 
hold  appropriate  religious  exercises  in  all  the  places  of  public  worship 
at  eleven  o'clock,  and  upon  which  the  citizens  will  attend. 

4.  That  the  people  of  this  city  tender  the  family  of  the  departed 
hero  tlie  deep  and  true  sympathy  of  hearts  deeply  troubled  with  feel- 
ings of  individual  bereavement. 

5.  That  the  foregoing  be  published  in  the  newspapers,  and  a  copy 
be  forwarded  by  his  Honor  the  Mayor  to  the  widow  of  General 
Lee." 

Arrangements  were  made  for  another  public  meeting, 
at  which  time  an  oration  upon  the  life  and  character  of 
General  Lee  would  be  delivered. 

On  the  day  of  the  funeral  the  bells  tolled,  business 
was  suspended,  services  were  held  in  the  churches,  the 
public  buildings  and  many  private  houses  were  draped 
in  mourning,  and  all  the  newspapers  put  on  their  funeral 
dress.  Never  in  the  history  of  Lynchburg  was  such 
universal  sorrow  expressed  on  account  of  the  death  of 
any  man  as  on  this  occasion. 

The  severe  and  continued  losses  which  Lynchburg 
had  experienced  would  have  caused  many  another  place 
to  sit  quietly  in  the  shadow  of  despair,  but  not  so  with 
it ;  there  seemed  to  be  a  hardihood  born  of  its  rough 
situation  that  nothing  short  of  annihilation  could  de- 
stroy.    The  waters  had  scarcely  assuaged  before  prepa- 


LYNCHBUEG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        285 

ration  was  being  made  for  the  second  exhibit  of  the 
Lynchburg  Agricultural  Fair.  It  was  held  October 
25,  and  the  city  was  crowded  with  visitors.  Colonel 
William  Preston  Johnson  and  ex-Governor  William 
Smith  were  present  and  made  addresses.  At  night  the 
Conservative  party  held  a  great  rally  at  Dudley  Hall, 
and  these  distinguished  men  spoke  on  the  political 
situation. 

Another  occasion  of  interest  was  the  meeting  of  the 
Virginia  Conference  of  the  Methodist  Episcopal  Church, 
South,  at  Court  Street  church,  November  10.  Bishop 
George  F.  Pierce  presided,  and  a  large  number  of 
preachers  and  laymen  were  in  attendance.  The  assign- 
ment of  preachers  for  Lynchburg  this  year  was  :  Rev. 
W.  E.  Edwards,  Centenary ;  Rev.  R.  jS".  Sledd,  Court 
Street,  and  Rev.  H.  B.  Cowles,  presiding  elder.  The 
Presbyterian  churches  also  had  new  pastors;  Rev.  Richard 
Mcllwaine  being  installed  at  the  First  church,  Decem- 
ber 1,  and  Rev.  T.  W.  Hooper  at  the  Second  church  the 
next  day. 

December  2  was  appointed  as  the  time  for  the  ora- 
tion on  General  Lee,  and  Professor  James  P.  Holcorabe 
was  invited  to  deliver  it.  When  the  day  arrived  a 
large  audience  assembled  at  Centenary  church  and 
listened  to  the  splendid  speech.  The  people  felt  that 
the  great  subject  had  been  well  handled,  and  they  re- 
ceived the  oration  with  much  satisfaction. 

The  city  was  growing,  and  the  Legislature  passed  a 
bill,  December  9,  extending  the  corporate  limits,  taking 
in  a  portion  of  Diamond,  Franklin,  College  and  Daniel's 


286  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

Hills.  Several  years  afterward  the  property-owners  on 
Daniel's  Hill  appointed  a  committee  to  name  and  locate 
the  streets,  and  the  Council  adopted  their  plan  Septem- 
ber, 1875.  The  population  of  Lynchburg  in  1870,  after 
the  extention,  was  ascertained  to  be  :  Whites,  sixty- 
eight  hundred  and  twenty  five  ;  blacks,  fifty-one  hun- 
dred and  ninety-five.  Total,  twelve  thousand  and 
twenty. 

Two  noted  citizens  had  died  within  the  last  few 
months.  October  22  George  Bibb,  w^ell  know  here, 
fell  over  the  wall  at  the  foot  of  Seventh  street  and  killed 
himself,  and  November  25  Albon  McDaniel,  an  old 
and  honored  citizen,  died. 

As  the  new  year  opened  the  people  began  to  turn 
their  attention  to  amusements,  and  following  that  to 
church  matters.  The  celebrated  actor,  Edwin  Forrest, 
held  the  boards  at  Holcombe  Hall  three  nights,  taking 
the  parts  of  Richelieu,  Virginius,  and  King  Lear. 
Lynchburg  showed  its  appreciation  of  him  by  the  large 
crowds  that  attended.  He  had  just  left  the  city  when 
two  revival  meetings  began,  one  at  the  Baptist  church, 
under  Rev.  A.  E.  Dickinson,  which  lasted  several  weeks, 
and  one  at  Court  Street,  under  Rev.  Leonidas  Rosser, 
which  continued  for  more  than  a  month.  During  this 
time  there  were  nearly  two  hundred  conversions,  and 
among  them  some  of  the  most  prominent  business  men 
in  the  city,  whose  example  in  uniting  with  the  church 
exerted  a  most  salutary  influence. 

The  question  of  public  schools  had  been  started  here  in 
October,  and  a  board  of  education  consisting  of  the 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        287 

following  members  was  appointed  :  Lynch  Ward,  Rev, 
C.  C.  Bitting,  John  B.  Winfree,  and  J.  N.  Gordon  ; 
Henry  Ward,  Professor  C.  L.  C.  Minor,  Dr.  Robert  S. 
Payne  and  A.  B.  Rucker.  The  board  went  to  work 
and  made  plans  for  opening  the  school,  and  appointed 
A.  F.  Biggers,  Rev.  T.  H.  Early  and  Rev.  C.  C.  Bit- 
ting to  appear  before  the  Council  and  ask  for  four  school- 
houses  costing  twenty  thousand  apiece.  Their  request 
was  partially  granted,  and  February  1,  twenty  thou- 
sand dollars  was  appropriated  for  the  four  buildings, 
and  a  committee  on  schools  appointed.  Arrangements 
were  made  to  open  the  schools  in  early  spring,  and 
"Wednesday,  April  5,  1871,  the  public  free  schools 
w^ere  opened  in  Lynchburg.  There  were  separate 
schools  for  the  boys  and  girls,  the  Protestants  and  Cath- 
olics, and  of  course  for  the  white  and  black.  The 
location  of  the  schools  and  the  teachers  in  charge  of 
them  were  : 

No.  1.  Girls'  school,  Odd  Fellow's  Hall,  Miss  K.  Nowlin,  prin- 
cipal ;  Miss  Mary  T.  Doniphan,  assistant. 

No.  2.  Boys'  school,  Diamond  Hill,  W.  G.  Waller  and  E.  C. 
Glass,  teachers. 

No.  3.  Boys'  school,  Harrison  and  Twelfth  streets,  M.  E.  Shad- 
dock, teacher. 

No.  4.  Boys  and  girls,  Catholic  school,  Thornton  Triplett,  prin- 
cipal ;  Miss  M.  Cornelia  Wrenn,  assistant. 

No.  5.  Girls,  Court,  between  Sixth  and  Seventh  streets,  Miss  M. 
S.  Davis  and  Miss  Mary  A.  Boiling,  teachers. 

No.  6.  Colored,  Second  and  Jackson  streets,  J.  A.  Griffin,  teacher. 

No.  7.  Colored,  Polk,  between  Ninth  and  Tenth  streets,  Amos 
Botsford,  principal  ;  Jacob  Yoder,  Miss  E.  A.  Stephens,  Mrs.  Lucy 
Otey  and  Mrs.  W.  C.  Fowler,  assistants. 

No.  8.  Franklin  Hill,  Miss  Fannie  Harvey. 

No.   9.  Mrs.  S.  M.   Boiling,  principal. 


288  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

At  first  some  were  opposed  to  the  schools,  especially 
when  it  was  known  that  all  would  be  taxed  for  their 
support,  and  so  the  attendance  was  small ;  but  this  was 
the  begining  of  what  is  now  one  of  the  best  systems  of 
public  schools  in  the  State. 

A  great  deal  of  interest  now  was  created  by  a  propo- 
sition that  was  laid  before  the  people  ;  columns  in  the 
newspapers  were  devoted  to  it,  and  on  every  street 
corner  you  would  see  a  group  of  men  discussing  it. 
The  city  was  asked  to  raise  its  subscription  of  $60,000 
to  the  Lynchburg  and  Danville  road  to  $200,000. 
The  election  was  held  February  15,  and  resulted  in  a 
vote  of  1610  to  169  in  favor  of  the  increase.  Threats 
were  made  of  suing  out  an  injunction  to  prevent  the 
city  from  giving  the  bonds,  but  nothing  was  done,  and 
Lynchburg  helped  another  road  that  was  one  day  to 
pass  it  by  as  a  mere  station. 

Encouraged  by  what  had  already  been  done,  a  move- 
ment was  made  for  another  road,  and  in  March  a 
charter  was  secured  for  the  Lynchburg  and  North 
Carolina  road,  the  incorporators  being  T.  C.  S.  Ferguson, 
C.  W.  Statham,  George  M.  Rucker,  J.  T.  Davis,  Seth 
Halsey  and  R.  C.  Burkhokler.  A  few  months  later  a 
road  was  proposed  to  Clifton  Forge.  Neither  of  these 
efforts  amounted  to  much,  except  to  direct  the  attention 
of  the  people  to  the  proposed  routes. 

Two  organizations  which  had  gone  down  since  the 
war  were  now  revived.  The  Young  Men's  Christian 
Association  was  reorganized  in  March,  with  Rev.  T.  W. 
Hooper  president,  and  John  E.  Christian  and  C.  L.  C. 


LYNCH BURa    AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  289 

Minor  vice-presidents.  A  meeting  was  called  April  23 
to  reorganize  the  Home  Guard,  and  many  of  the  old 
members  attended.  The  organization  was  perfected  on 
the  27th,  with  J.  Holmes  Smith  captain  and  W.  H.  H. 
Hopkins  first  lieutenant.  An  effort  was  made  to  change 
the  name  to  the  Garland  Guards,  but  it  was  unsuc- 
cessful, and  the  Home  Guard  continued  its  organization 
for  another  war. 

There  were  several  important  events  that  deserve  a 
passing  notice.  The  city  bought  a  steam  fire  engine, 
the  "  Madison  Cobbs,"  which  proved  a  great  success 
and  was  a  great  relief  to  the  firemen,  who  had  to  pump 
the  old  hand  machine.  Ex-President  Jefferson  Davis 
and  his  wife  were  in  the  city  a  short  while,  and,  though 
coming  unexpectedly,  much  attention  was  shown  them. 
A  pleasant  occasion  was  when  the  ladies  of  the  Meth- 
odist Protestant  church  presented  General  Jubal  Early 
with  a  gold-headed  cane,  upon  which  was  inscribed, 
"  The  Defender  of  the  Mothers  and  the  Protector  of 
the  Daughters  of  Lynchburg."  The  city  was  much 
excited  over  the  theft  of  a  large  amount  of  money  by  a 
citizen  in  whom  the  greatest  confidence  was  imposed.  He 
made  good  his  escape  and  never  returned.  There  was 
another  freshet  May  16,  and  the  Orange  and  Alexan- 
dria Railroad  bridge  and  the  bridge  on  the  Southside 
road  were  swept  away,  but  besides  this  there  was  not  a 
great  deal  of  damage  done.  There  were  some  changes 
in  the  pastors  of  the  churches.  Rev.  W.  H.  Williams 
took  charge  of  Grace  Memorial,  so  called  on  account  of 
a  memorial  window  to  Rev.  W.  H.  Kinckle ;  Rev.  C. 


290  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

C.  Bitting  resigned  his  pastorate,  and  Rev.  S.  L.  Green- 
field was  appointed  to  the  Methodist  Protestant  Church. 

The  third  exhibition  of  the  Agricultural  and  Mechan- 
ical Society  was  opened  October  17.  The  big  day  was 
the  19th,  when  Governor  Gilbert  C.  Walker  made  an 
address.  There  was  an  immense  crowd  and  all  seemed 
to  enjoy  themselves,  but  the  day  had  a  sad  ending. 
When  a  vehicle  returning  from  the  Fair  Grounds 
reached  Fifth  street  the  harness  broke,  and  as  soon  as 
the  cowardly  driver  saw  the  horses  beginning  to  run 
he  dropped  the  lines  and  jumped  out,  leaving  the  pas- 
sengers to  the  mercy  of  two  runaway  horses.  Seeing 
the  situation,  they  jumped  too,  and  all  escaped  serious 
injury  except  one,  Dr.  Socrates  Maupin,  the  distin- 
guished professor  of  chemistry  at  the  University.  He 
was  badly  injured,  and  was  carried  to  the  home  of  John 
R.  McDaniel,  corner  of  Fifth  and  Jackson  streets, 
where  he  was  attended  by  Dr.  Davis,  of  the  University, 
and  Dr.  Cunningham,  of  the  Richmond  Medical  Col- 
lege, but  died  that  night  about  eleven  o'clock.  His 
sad  death  was  a  great  shock  to  Lynchburg  and  to  all 
who  knew  him.  The  remains  were  carried  to  Charlottes- 
ville for  interment.  Dr.  Maupin  witnessed  the  laying 
of  the  corner-stone  of  the  University,  and  was  one  of 
the  first  to  receive  from  her  the  degree  of  M.  A.,  and 
for  more  than  thirty  years  he  had  been  a  professor  in 
his  alma  mater. 

This  same  month  the  Presbyterian  Synod  of  Virginia 
met  here  and  many  attended  it. 

During  the    year  several  prominent  citizens  passed 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        291 

away.  February  2,  the  remains  of  Rev.  T.  C  Jen- 
nings, who  was  once  pastor  of  the  Methodist  Protestant 
church,  were  interred  in  Spring  Hill  cemetery;  and  on 
the  17th  William  M.  Black  died.  In  his  death  the 
city  lost  a  useful  citizen  and  a  Christian  gentleman. 
July  23,  Rev.  J.  B.  Ramsey,  D.  D.,  died.  He  was 
pastor  of  the  First  Presbyterian  church  from  1858  to  a 
short  time  before  he  died,  and  he  and  his  wife  taught 
school  for  some  time  at  his  home,  next  to  the  church. 
He  was  a  consecrated  and  devoted  man.  His  funeral, 
participated  in  by  all  the  ministers  of  the  city,  took 
place  the  next  day  from  the  church  he  had  faithfully 
served.  On  September  21,  Captain  W.  W.  Norvell, 
another  old  and  well-known  citizen,  died. 

The  new  year  1872  was  ushered  in  by  the  Meth- 
odists in  their  watch-night  services  at  Centenary  church, 
Dr.  R.  N.  Sledd  preaching  the  sermon.  The  first 
important  event  was  the  public  meeting  at  Holcombe 
hall.  The  object  of  the  meeting  was  threefold — to  get 
the  proposed  new  lunatic  asylum  here  (not  for  home 
use,  but  on  account  of  the  revenue) ;  to  invite  the 
Chesapeake  and  Ohio  railroad  officials  to  inspect  James 
river  valley  for  a  railroad,  and  to  undertake  to  get  a 
United  States  building  here.  After  the  usual  speeches, 
committees  were  appointed,  resolutions  passed,  and  the 
meeting  adjourned. 

Lynchburg  was  in  a  prosperous  condition  and  was 
rapidly  growing.  Money  was  so  plentiful  in  the  banks 
that  a  man  found  difficulty  placing  ten  thousand  dollars 
on    call,  and    the   Banking   and    Insurance  Company 


292  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

declared  a  semi-annual  dividend  of  seventeen  and  one- 
half  per  cent.  The  wholesale  trade  was  rapidly 
increasing,  and  the  outlook  was  encouraging. 

The  winter  was  very  cold  and  the  river  was  frozen  so 
thick  that  a  two-horse  wagon  could  go  over  the  ice. 
Notwithstanding  the  cold,  the  Lynchburg  high  school 
was  opened  in  February,  T.  C.  Miller  teaching  the  boys 
and  John  W.  Wyatt  the  girls.  It  was  about  this  time 
that  the  negro  Blind  Tom,  the  celebrated  pianist, 
played  at  Holcombe  Hall.  He  was  indeed  a  prodigy — 
never  having  taken  a  music  lesson,  and  yet  able  to  play 
any  piece  played  in  his  hearing. 

In  May  the  political  cauldron  began  to  ])oil,  and 
Jack  Averett,  who  "  would  not  sell  his  birthright  for  a 
mess  of  partridges,"  and  Zack  Cousins  Avere  the  political 
geniuses  among  the  negroes.  The  great  fear  the  people 
had  was  that  if  they  were  not  careful  carpet-bag  and 
scalawag  rule  would  be  again  thrust  upon  them,  and 
there  would  be  mixed  police,  mixed  schools,  and  other 
hurtful  results.  There  was  a  new  registration,  and 
many  prominent  citizens  were  before  Radical  officials, 
charged  with  violation  of  the  enforcement  act.  Nothing 
came  of  it  except  it  served  as  a  species  of  persecution 
against  these  men.  Municipal  politics  was  the  most 
important  to  the  citizens,  but  national  affairs  were  not 
forgotten.  Horace  Greeley  had  been  nominated  for 
President  by  the  Democrats  and  General  Grant  by  the 
Republicans,  and  until  the  election  in  November  the 
Conservatives  were  holding  rallies,  at  which  speeches 
were  made  by  many  leading  citizens. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        293 

The  government  made  an  improvement  in  the  mail 
service  in  July  by  introducing  a  card  upon  which  a 
message  could  be  sent  for  one  cent — the  postal  card. 

The  Tobacco  Association  was  organized  in  October, 
T.  C.  S.  Ferguson  president,  and  the  same  month  the 
Orange  and  Alexandria  and  the  Lynchburg  and  Dan- 
ville roads  were  consolidated  into  the  Washington  City, 
Virginia  Midland  and  Great  Southern  road.  The 
connecting  link,  the  tunnel  under  Ninth  street,  was 
completed  in  November. 

An  attempt  was  made  to  hold  the  annual  fair,  but 
the  downpour  of  rain  prevented  it. 

The  conference  of  the  Methodist  Protestant  Church 
met  here  in  November.  There  were  a  large  number 
of  changes  in  the  city  churches.  Rev.  W.  H.  Mont- 
gomery was  pastor  of  the  Baptist  church.  Rev.  W.  T. 
Hall  of  the  First  Presbyterian,  Rev.  W.  H.  Christian 
at  Centenary,  and  Rev.  W.  E.  Judkins  at  Court  street. 

The  prominent  citizens  who  died  this  year  were  : 
Colonel  William  M.  Shoemaker,  February  24 ;  Dr.  P. 
H.  Gilmer,  a  leading  physician,  March  10,  and  on  the 
24th  Ambrose  B.  Rucker,  one  of  the  most  public- 
spirited  citizens  here,  a  man  of  great  integrity  and 
upright  character ;  James  L.  Brown,  a  tobacconist, 
August  12 ;  October  12,  A.  M.  Trible,  a  lawyer,  and 
December  2,  James  L.  Claytor,  another  tobacconist. 

If  the  beginning  was  any  indication,  1873  was  to  be 
one  of  the  successful  years  in  the  history  of  Lynchburg. 
Already  about  fifty  new  buildings  were  going  up,  and 
within  a  few  months  "  Fort  Snacks,"  that  eyesore  on 


294  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

Ninth  street,  was  to  be  torn  down  to  make  place  for  a 
large  hotel,  the  Lynch  House.  To  attract  more  atten- 
tion to  the  place,  the  council  sent  out  a  large  number 
of  pamphlets  entitled  "  Resources  and  Advantages  of 
Lynchburg  and  the  Tributary  Country."  Besides  this 
the  four  newspapers,  the  Virginian,  Republican,  News 
and  Press,  well  advertised  the  city.  The  financial 
condition  of  the  city  was  excellent,  and  everything 
pointed  to  a  rapid  and  continued  growth,  but  all  pros- 
perity was  suddenly  and  radically  checked  by  an 
unlooked-for  occurrence.  September  18,  Jay  Cooke 
&  Co.,  New  York,  failed,  and  this  precipitated  a  gen- 
eral crisis.  Black  Friday,  September  23,  1869,  was  a 
financial  crisis,  caused  by  an  unsuccessful  attempt  to 
corner  gold  ;  but  this  crisis  was  industrial,  and  was  the 
most  general  through  which  the  world  had  ever  passed. 
The  panic  starting  in  Wall  street,  soon  spread  in  every 
direction.  Virginia  suiFered  greatly;  in  Petersburg 
four  or  five  banks  went  under,  and  several  in  Rich- 
mond, besides  many  others  in  the  State.  The  sound 
financial  standing  of  Lynchburg  was  shown  by  the  fact 
that  not  a  single  bank  failed,  and  up  to  September  30 
our  banks  continued  to  pay  in  currency.  All  the  other 
banks  had  discontinued  paying  in  currency,  and  it  was 
feared  that  a  run  might  be  made  upon  us  from  the  out- 
side ;  so,  beginning  October  1,  certified  checks  were 
given  for  all  amounts  over  one  hundred  dollars.  This 
proved  successful,  and,  though  banks  everywhere  were 
failing,  Lynchburg  weathered  the  storm  without  a  single 
wreck.     The  effects  of  the  panic  were  very  disastrous ; 


LYNCHBUEG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        295 

business  came  almost  to  a  standstill,  men  were  thrown 
out  of  work,  and  there  was  scarcely  money  enough  to 
buy  food  and  fuel.  A  number  of  private  firms  failed, 
and  from  the  general  appearance  one  would  have 
thought  that  war-times  had  come  again. 

Two  events  in  connection  with  the  churches  are 
worthy  of  our  attention.  Early  in  the  year  the  Catholics 
organized  the  St.  Francis  Xavier  Total  Abstinence  Bene- 
ficial Society,  Patrick  McDivitt,  president;  Patrick 
Doherty,  vice-president ;  James  O'Brien,  secretary ; 
Jolin  Casey,  treasurer ;  John  Kelly,  steward,  and  Rev. 
J.  J.  McGurk,  spiritual  director.  The  society  met  every 
third  Sunday  after  late  mass,  and  accomplished  a  good 
deal  for  the  cause  of  temperance  during  the  time  of  its 
organization.  The  Methodists  were  growing,  and  Sun- 
day, September  14,  a  new  church  in  Madison  was  ded- 
icated. Rev.  W.  H.  Christian  preached  the  sermon, 
and  the  church  was  presented  for  dedication  on  behalf 
of  the  trustees  by  R.  F.  Henning,  a  zealous  worker  in 
Centenary.  From  the  day  of  dedication  the  church 
has  been  doing  a  good  work.  Standing  on  the  high  hill 
overlooking  the  city,  with  its  white  steeple  pointing 
heavenward,  it  cannot  fail  to  lift  the  thoughts,  even  of 
the  careless,  to  Divine  things. 

A  great  source  of  amusement  to  the  young  people  at 
this  time  were  the  open-air  exhibitions  given  by  the 
rope  walkers.  Every  month  or  two  in  summer  and  fall 
a  "  professor  "  would  come  to  town  and  stretch  his  rope 
across  Main  street  from  the  tops  of  the  houses,  and  begin 
his  performance.     When  the  crowd  had  assembled  to 


296  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

witness  his  wonderful  feats,  he  would  descend,  take  up 
a  hat  collection,  and  if  it  were  good,  continue  his  ex- 
hibition a  while  longer.  These  were  gala  days  for  the 
boys  and  the  "  little  niggers,"  and  to  them  the  rope- 
walker  was  bigger  than  the  President. 

The  Old  Market,  much-abused  friend  of  the  days 
gone  by,  was  now,  like  the  men  who  built  it  and  many 
who  abused  it,  about  to  enter  that  immutable  rfealm  of 
the  past.  After  much  discussion  as  to  the  site  for  the  new 
market-house,  the  Council,  December  22,  '71,  purchased 
a  lot  on  Main  street,  near  Twelfth,  for  seventeen  thou- 
sand, four  hundred  and  forty  dollars.     Later,  twenty- 
two  thousand  dollars  was  voted  for  grading  the  lot  and 
for  building.     The  building,  which  was  according  to  the 
plans  of  Colonel  A.  Forsberg,  was  this  year  completed 
by  W.  B.  Snead,  and  the  stalls  rented  November  24. 
A  few  days  prior  to  this  the  "  old  shanty "  was  sold 
to  Captain  Boiling  on   condition  that  it  be  torn  down 
immediately.     When  the  work  of  destruction  began  it 
was  a  great  frolic  for  the  boys,  who  amused  themselves 
searching  in  the  debris  for  lost  coins  and  killing  the  old 
gray  rats  as  they  ran  out  from  their  hiding  places.     To 
the  old  citizens  there  was  a  feeling  of  sadness  at  seeing 
the  old  structure  pass  away  ;  they  recalled  the  friends 
they  had  seen  there  busy  looking  after  the  day's  meal, 
the  occurrences  that  had  taken  place,  the  animated  dis- 
cussions on  town  topics,  and,  above  all,  the  movements 
for  secession  that  were  made  here.     But  these  belong 
rather  to  the  sentimental  of  life,  and  progress  takes  little 
heed  of  sentiment. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        297 

The  day  the  Xew  Market  was  opened,  Lynchburg 
lost  a  talented  citizen,  F.  J.  Fisher,  who  had  then  made 
a  reputation  as  an  artist.  Since  his  first  oil  painting, 
"  The  Hyena  Club,"  he  had  perfected  himself  in  Ger- 
many. His  studio,  with  all  his  pictures,  was  burned  in 
G.  D.  Davis'  building,  November  5,  1868,  and  now  he 
was  leaving  for  Richmond,  his  future  home. 

Many  of  the  leading  citizens  passed  away  this  year. 
While  attending  Nelson  Court,  Judge  William  Daniel, 
father  of  Major  John  W.  Daniel,  died,  March  29. 
Judge  Daniel  twice  represented  the  town  in  the  legis- 
lature, and  was  a  member  of  the  Court  of  Appeals  until 
removed  by  the  action  of  the  Alexandria  Convention. 
He  was  a  man  of  marked  ability  and  was  among  the  first 
jurists  of  the  State.  His  great  legal  acquirements  and 
the  soundess  of  his  judicial  opinions  gave  his  decisions 
a  place  with  the  foremost  in  the  records  of  Virginia. 
His  funeral  was  conducted  by  the  Rev.  H.  Suter  from 
St.  Paul's  church,  and  the  bar  of  the  city  attended  in  a 
body. 

Colonel  Robert  L.  Owen,  another  prominent  citizen, 
and  for  some  time  president  of  the  Virginia  and  Ten- 
nessee road,  died  June  4  in  Norfolk.  His  remains 
were  brought  here  for  interment.  Then  followed  the 
death  of  the  venerable  Judge  Daniel  A.  Wilson,  July 
17.  Judge  Wilson  was  in  his  eighty-fourth  year,  and 
had  long  been  a  leading  citizen  of  Lynchburg,  having 
come  here  in  1840  to  succeed  the  elder  Judge  William 
Daniel  of  the  Circuit  Court.  He  was  a  strong  man, 
cheerful  and  amiable,  and  was  a  devoted  member  of 


298  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

the  First  Presbyterian  church.  His  funeral  was  con- 
ducted by  the  pastor,  Rev.  W.  T.  Hall,  and  the  bar, 
with  many  other  sorrowing  friends,  followed  him  to 
his  last  resting  place  in  the  Presbyterian  cemetery. 

David  W.  Burton,  a  wealthy  tobacconist,  died  Sep- 
tember 6,  and  on  the  29th  John  G.  Meem  died.  He 
was  a  high-minded  Virginia  gentleman,  and  for  a  long 
time  was  one  of  the  principal  business  men  of  the 
place. 
/  Bishop  John  Early  died  at  his  home  on  Court  street 
November  5.  Bishop  Early  was  born  January,  1786, 
and  came  to  the  city  very  early  in  life.  Although  a 
minister,  there  are  few  men  who  did  more  towards 
building  up  Lynchburg  than  he.  Until  borne  down 
by  the  infirmity  of  age,  he  took  part  in  every  public 
movement  looking  to  the  betterment  of  the  city.  His 
funeral  was  from  Court  Street  on  the  7th,  and,  although 
it  was  a  cold,  raw  day,  the  church  was  crowded.  As  a 
mark  of  respect  the  schools  suspended,  the  stores,  the 
postofiice  and  other  public  places  were  closed  ;  the  bells 
tolled  and  the  church  was  draped  in  mourning.  Revs. 
H.  B.  Cowles,  R.  N.  Sledd,  W.  H.  Christian,  A.  G. 
Brown,  W.  E.  Judkins  and  James  A.  Duncan  con- 
ducted the  funeral  services,  and  the  remains  were 
interred  in  Spring  Hill  cemetery,  which  he  had  been 
instrumental  in  founding. 

The  cry  of  "  hard  times  "  heralded  1874,  and  it  was 
no  false  report,  for  the  times  were  hard,  and  the  ruin- 
ous effects  of  the  panic  were  still  visible  in  all  direc- 
tions.    However,  the  people  were  hopeful,  in  sj^ite  of 


Ly^'CHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  299 

all  their  trouble,  for  the  severity  of  the  sixties  had 
taught  them  a  lesson  that  would  not  soon  be  forgotten. 

The  first  events  of  the  new  year  that  come  to  our 
notice  are  both  sad.  Early  in  the  morning,  January 
29,  Captain  Thornton  Triplett  was  found  lying  in  front 
of  St.  Paul's  church  in  an  unconscious  condition.  He 
was  taken  up  and  carried  to  the  Washington  House, 
where  he  soon  died.  His  death  seemed  a  mystery,  but 
many  thought  he  was  murdered,  and  some  suspicion 
pointed  to  a  man  in  Lynchburg  as  the  murderer, 
although  nothing  could  be  proved.  Captain  Triplett's 
funeral  was  conducted  by  Rev.  J.  J.  McGurk  from  the 
Catholic    church. 

Closely  following  this  came  the  disclosure  that  a 
young  man,  a  trusted  clerk  under  Captain  J.  H.  Rives 
in  the  revenue  department,  had  stolen  over  |36,000. 
He  fled,  but  was  captured  after  about  a  week,  and  was 
brought  back  to  the  city.  When  he  reached  here  there 
were  a  thousand  people  at  the  depot  to  see  him,  and 
many  of  the  boys  jeered  at  him,  much  to  the  mortifica- 
tion of  the  thoughtful  spectators.  He  was  tried  and 
convicted,  and  thus  another  melancholy  lesson  of  the 
downfall  of  a  bright  young  man  who  had  entered  into 
crooked  paths  was  given  as  a  solemn  warning  to  all 
who  would  follow  in  his  steps. 

The  general  conference  of  the  Methodist  Protestant 
church  met  here  in  May,  and  following  that  came  an 
event  that  brought  with  it  trouble.  The  Freedmen's 
Bank  at  Richmond  collapsed  June  30,  and  of  course 
the  Lynchburg  branch  also  failed.     This  was  a  severe 


300  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

blow  to  the  colored  people  here,  for  by  hard  work  and 
the  closest  economy  they  had  placed  on  deposit  in  this 
bank  here  fifteen  thousand  dollars,  all  of  which  they 
expected  to  lose. 

The  people  felt  that  they  had  a  right  to  look  for 
trouble,  for  in  July  another  comet  appeared,  and  it 
came  this  time  over  a  question  in  regard  to  the  public 
school  funds.  The  Catholics  had  separate  schools  for 
all  of  their  faith  and  they  wanted  them  continued 
under  the  management  of  Rev.  J.  J.  McGurk.  This 
raised  a  storm  of  protests  from  citizens,  who  held  that 
the  State  should  make  no  distinction  in  religious 
denominations.  The  discussion  continued  for  a  long 
time  in  the  newspapers  and  on  the  streets,  and  twice  it 
was  a  question  in  municipal  politics.  The  decision  was 
finally  against  separate  schools,  on  the  ground  of  reli- 
gious belief,  but  not  before  the  next  year. 

The  advantages  of  Lynchburg  as  a  manufacturing 
centre  had  long  been  recognized,  and  now  an  eifort  was 
made  to  further  utilize  them.  It  is  true  there  had  been 
a  cotton  mill  here  and  it  had  proved  a  failure,  but  that 
was  long  ago,  even  before  there  was  a  railroad,  and 
besides  that  was  no  reason  why  one  should  not  prove  a 
success  now.  There  were  many  who  were  willing  to 
take  the  risk,  so  the  Chamber  of  Commerce,  after 
endorsing  the  movement,  appointed  the  following  com- 
mittee to  solicit  subscriptions  :  Dr.  R.  S.  Payne,  Wilson 
P.  Bryant,  John  ^Y.  Carroll,  R.  W.  Crenshaw,  R.  H. 
T.  Adams,  T.  H.  Ivey,  C.  V.  Winfree,  Max  Guggen- 
heimer,  Jr.,  C.  M.  Blackford,  Judge  J.  G.  Haythe,  S. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        301 

C.  Hurt,  James  T.  Williams,  A.  G.  Hancock  and  S.  B. 
Ferguson.  The  committee  went  to  work  and  soon 
raised  a  large  subscription  and  secured  a  charter. 
There  was  not  enough,  however,  to  begin  operations, 
and  it  was  proposed  that  the  city  subscribe  to  twenty- 
five  thousand  dollars  of  the  stock.  The  prospects  were 
bright,  and  the  mill  would  probably  have  been  built 
but  for  the  failure  of  Duncan,  Sherman  &  Co.,  New 
York  bankers,  which  caused  another  panic  in  the 
money  market.  This  had  the  effect  of  driving  capital 
into  hiding,  and  the  project  was  abandoned. 

Special  honors  were  shown  to  two  Lynchburgers  of 
long  ago.  The  monument  to  Captain  Thomas  A.  Hol- 
combe,  the  great  apostle  of  temperance,  had  fallen,  and 
September  23  was  the  day  appointed  for  its  restoration. 
The  occasion  was  celebrated  with  a  great  deal  of  enthu- 
siasm. A  long  procession,  consisting  of  the  Home 
Guard,  Red  Men,  Sons  of  Temperance,  and  Rechabites, 
headed  by  Lyman's  band  and  commanded  by  T.  C. 
Wray,  chief  marshal,  marched  to  the  Presbyterian  cem- 
etery, where  Judge  Garland  made  some  remarks  upon 
temperance,  and  then  introduced  Rev.  J.  H.  Patteson, 
who  made  the  address.  The  other  Lynchburger  was 
Hon.  Allen  G.  Thurman,  of  Ohio.  He  was  here  Octo- 
ber 20,  upon  invitation  of  the  citizens,  to  attend  the 
fair.  He  was  born  in  Lynchburg,  in  the  small  house 
on  Harrison  street  near  Fifth,  and  for  some  years 
worked  with  his  uncle,  John  Thurman,  at  the  saddle  and 
harness  trade.  Hon.  Thomas  S.  Bocock  introduced  him, 
and  he  made  an  interesting  speech,  in  which  he  recalled 


302  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

many  of  the  scenes  and  recollections  of  old  Lynchburg. 
At  night  the  citizens  tendered  Judge  Thurman  a  ban- 
quet at  the  Norvell  House,  and  later  Lyman's  band 
serenaded  him.  Next  day  he  left,  with  many  memories 
of  his  boyhood  days  refreshed. 

Following  this  there  was  a  time  of  great  rejoicing. 
Hon.  J.  Randolph  Tucker  had  vigorously  pushed  his 
canvass  for  Congress — in  fact,  when  he  spoke  here,  in 
Lynch's  warehouse,  he  made  it  very  warm  for  his 
opponents — and  a  short  while  afterwards  the  warehouse 
burned  clown.  He  won  the  election,  and  not  only  that, 
but  there  was  a  conservative  victory  over  the  whole 
State.  November  9  there  was  a  great  celebration  in 
honor  of  the  triumph.  Nearly  every  house  was  illu- 
minated, and  there  was  a  long  torchlight  procession, 
with  a  large  number  of  transparencies  having  inscrip- 
tions such  as  "  Our  next  President,  Allen  G. Thurman;" 
"  Grant  is  sick  ; "  "  Goodbye,  Ben,  we  got  you  then  ; " 
"  Of  all  sad  words  of  tongue  or  pen,  the  saddest  are, 
we've  lost  our  Ben."  Ben  Butler  had  been  defeated 
for  Congress  and  this  gave  as  much  joy  as  the  Virginia 
victory.  After  marching  through  the  city  the  crowd 
halted  at  a  large  warehouse  and  was  addressed  by  Hon. 
Thomas  Whitehead,  Major  John  W.  Daniel,  T.  N. 
AVilliams  and  General  Jubal  Early.  The  result  of  this 
election  inspired  the  people  with  great  hope. 

This  year  two  well-known  citizens  died — February 
1,  W.  W.  Asher,  and  July  29,  Dr.  H.  C.  Steptoe. 

The  prospect  was  brighter  at  the  beginning  of  1875 
than  it  had  been  since  tlie  war ;  the  eifects  of  the  panic 


I 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        303 

were  passing  away  and  people  were  working  hard  to 
recover  the  losses  of  the  past  ten  years. 

An  interesting  occasion  was  the  opening  of  the 
Miller  Orphan  Asylum,  January  18.  The  building 
was  planned  by  General  John  Ellicott  and  built  by 
K.  C.  Burkholder,  and  was  completed  several  years 
before,  but  was  not  opened  until  this  time.  The 
officers  of  the  institution  were  John  H.  Flood,  pres- 
ident ;  George  D.  Davis,  vice-president ;  James  O. 
Williams,  secretary  and  treasurer,  and  Dr.  Granville 
R.  Lewis  and  wife,  superintendent  and  matron.  The 
board  of  directors :  Lorenzo  Norvell,  Judge  D.  E. 
Spence,  W.  A.  Miller,  T.  E.  Murrell,  T.  C.  S.  Fergu- 
son, C.  W.  Button,  J.  F.  Slaughter,  Dr.  J.  J.  Terrell, 
W.  A.  Strother,  J.  M.  Booker  and  R.  T.  Craighill. 
The  asylum  is  doing  a  magnificent  work,  and  is  a  noble 
monument  to  its  founder,  Samuel  Miller. 

The  time  for  the  annual  celebration  of  the  volunteer 
fire  companies  had  come,  and  their  thirty-ninth  ball 
was  given  at  the  Norvell  House  February  1.  These 
were  times  of  great  enjoyment,  and  were  participated 
in  by  many  leading  citizens,  who  were  proud  to  be 
members  of  the  volunteer  companies.  The  committee 
of  arrangements  this  year  was  :  Jehu  Williams,  W.  L. 
Moorman,  T.  D.  Jennings,  James  T.  Williams,  John 
D.  Holt,  William  Kinnier,  James  M.  Cobbs,  John  A. 
Kinnier,  W.  Q.  Spence,  E.  B.  Carr,  W.  H.  Robinson 
and  W.  T.  Crawford.  It  was  these  social  gatherings, 
with  the  excitement  of  an  occasional  fire,  that  kept  the 
companies  together  and  gave  the  city  an  efficient  corps 


304  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

of  firemen  without  expense,  besides  the  cost  of  the 
annual    celebration. 

The  spirit  of  improvement  was  everywhere  manifest- 
ing itself.  The  city  was  still  working  for  the  lunatic 
asylum,  and  March  16  a  public  meeting  was  held  to 
urge  the  extension  of  the  James  river  and  Kanawha 
canal  to  Clifton  Forge  to  connect  with  the  Chesapeake 
and  Ohio  road.  General  T.  T.  Munford  was  made 
chairman,  and  after  a  full  discussion  resolutions  were 
passed  endorsing  the  movement  and  requesting  that 
the  work  be  begun  at  once.  Another  improvement 
was  the  new  union  depot  at  the  junction  of  the 
Atlantic,  Mississippi  and  Ohio  and  the  Washington 
City,  Virginia  Midland  and  Great  Southern  roads. 
The  gauges  of  these  roads  were  different,  and  in  order 
to  transfer  the  sleepers  the  trucks  had  to  be  changed ; 
to  accomplish  this  without  delay  a  steam  car  lifter  was 
also  erected  within  a  few  yards  of  the  depot. 

There  was  much  of  interest  in  church  affairs.  Rev. 
D.  L.  Greenfield  closed  four  successful  years  at  the 
Methodist  Protestant  church,  and  was  succeeded  by 
Rev.  S.  T.  Graham,  and  this  church  and  the  Baptist 
church  were  remodeled.  The  events  that  will  long  be 
remembered  in  the  history  of  Lynchburg  were  the  two 
revivals  begun  April  1 — one  at  Centenary  church,  under 
Rev.  Leonidas  Rosser,  and  the  other  at  the  First  Pres- 
byterian church,  under  Rev.  C.  M.  Howard.  These 
churches  were  crowded  night  after  night  for  nearly 
seven  weeks,  and  it  was  not  unusual  to  see  a  large 
number  of  people  waiting  at  the  church  doors  before 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        305 

dark,  so  as  to  get  seats.  The  interest  was  so  great  that 
but  little  was  talked  of  on  the  streets  and  in  the  public 
places  but  religion.  A  play  was  advertised  to  show  at 
Holcombe  Hall  several  nights,  but  the  attendance  was 
so  small  that  they  had  to  close  after  the  first  night. 
The  papers  gave  columns  to  reports  of  the  meeting, 
and  in  one  issue  thus  spoke  of  them  :  "  Rosser  and 
Howard  are  making  things  warm  and  lively.  They 
are  shaking  up  the  foundations  of  sin,  and  are  going 
for  the  sinners  with  a  vim  and  are  hauling  them  in  in 
crowds.  They  have  got  the  '  old  boy '  on  the  run  and 
are  following  up  the  advantage  sharply."  Before  the 
meetings  closed  there  were  over  two  hundred  profes- 
sions at  the  First  church  and  over  three  hundred  at 
Centenary,  and  among  these  were  many  of  the  leading 
citizens  of  the  town.  Before  these  services  closed  the 
Redemptionist  Fathers  began  a  mission  at  the  Catholic 
church,  and  conducted  it  several  weeks  with  great 
success. 

There  seemed  to  be  some  affinity  between  religion 
and  poetry,  for  ere  the  place  had  ceased  to  attend 
special  services,  Duval  Porter,  one  of  our  citizens, 
issued  an  edition  of  his  poems.  His  was  the  poet's 
fate ;  the  people  did  not  appreciate  his  gifts,  and  the 
second  edition  was  not  demanded,  nor  was  the  first 
exhausted. 

Money  matters  were  the  subject  of  much  comment 
also.  A  clerk  in  the  Lynchburg  National  Bank  was 
sent  to  the  express  office  with  a  package  containing  ten 
thousand  dollars.     He  got  a  receipt  for  it,  and  later 


306  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

took  it  out  and  made  way  with  it.  This  was  another 
sad  warning  to  young  men,  and,  from  the  trouble 
which  ensued,  the  maxim  that  "  honesty  is  the  best 
policy"  was  strongly  emphasized. 

At  this  time  a  vexed  question  in  regard  to  the  city's 
finances  was  settled.  The  Court  of  Appeals  had 
already  decided  that  the  city  could  pay  the  small  notes 
issued  during  the  war  in  Confederate  money,  but  the 
question  in  regard  to  the  bonds  issued  at  the  same  time 
had  not  been  settled.  It  had  been  discussed  a  great 
deal,  and  was  still  before  the  court.  The  city  offered 
to  compromise  by  paying  one-third  of  the  principal  and 
interest,  giving  new  bonds  for  the  amount,  payable 
thirty-four  years  from  date,  at  six  per  cent.  The 
bondholders  did  not  accept  this  proposition  and  it  was 
referred  to  a  board  of  arbitration.  They  decided  to 
strike  out  the  interest  on  the  bonds  from  date  of  issue 
to  July  1,  1876  ;  then  allow  fifty  cents  on  the  dollar, 
payable  in  two,  three,  four  and  five  years.  This  was 
accepted  and  a  troublesome  question  was  finally  settled. 

It  was  the  early  morning  of  the  beautiful  summer 
day,  July  14 ;  the  air  was  laden  with  the  rich  perfume 
of  flowers ;  the  city  was  still  wrapped  in  sleep  ;  here 
and  there  you  could  hear  the  opening  of  shutters  and 
see  the  smoke  of  the  newly-started  fire  curl  lazily  from 
the  kitchen  chimney,  and  only  a  few  were  beginning  to 
move  about  the  streets.  The  clock  had  just  struck 
four  when  the  rude  alarm  of  fire  startled  the  slumber- 
ing city.  The  bell  slowly  struck  three  and  then 
resumed    its    monotonous    dong,  dong,  dong  !     People 


\ 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        307 

looked  over  the  Third  Ward  and  could  see  no  smoke ; 
the  volunteer  firemen  were  at  their  machines,  but  knew 
not  which  way  to  run  to  find  the  fire.  It  soon  became 
known  that  there  was  no  fire,  but  worse — the  City- 
Hotel  had  fallen  and  caught  many  under  the  great  pile 
of  bricks  and  timbers.  A  crowd  quickly  gathered  to 
behold  the  awful  sight ;  the  wall,  five  stories  high, 
from  Main  street  down  Sixth,  had  fallen,  including  a 
wing.  Fred  Hickey,  the  lessee  of  the  hotel,  as  soon  as 
the  crash  came,  rushed  out  into  the  street  and  called 
the  names  of  the  occupants  of  the  rooms  that  had 
fallen.  Willing  hands  at  once  went  to  work  to  find 
the  bodies  of  the  victims  of  the  unfortunate  disaster. 
The  first  found  was  Thomas  E.  Harris,  a  commission 
broker,  who  was  doubled  up  in  a  painful  position  and 
was  badly  bruised,  but  not  otherwise  hurt.  Frank 
Strong,  colored,  was  held  by  broken  timbers,  but  was 
not  seriously  hurt ;  his  child,  however,  was  crushed  to 
death  ;  his  wife,  the  cook,  had  gotten  up  and  was  about 
breakfast,  and  thus  escaped.  The  only  one  of  the 
guests  killed  was  Mrs.  Elizabeth  S.  Brown,  sister  of 
L.  F.  Lucado,  who  was  killed  instantly.  This  was  sad, 
and  was  made  even  more  so  by  the  fact  that  she  was 
preparing  to  leave  for  the  country  in  a  few  days.  She 
was  buried  from  Centenary  church,  of  which  she  was  a 
consistent  member.  The  death  rate  would  have  been 
much  larger  had  it  not  been  that  the  family  of  T.  E. 
Harris  was  in  the  country  and  Walter  and  Elvyn 
Biggers  were  out  spending  the  night  with  a  friend.  The 
exact  cause  of  the  trouble  was  not  known.    The  build- 


308  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

ing  was  very  old,  having  been  a  tavern  in  the  early 
days,  then  the  Union  Hotel,  and  during  the  war  the 
Ladies'  Hospital, 

Another  disaster  soon  followed  this  one.  Sunday, 
September  12,  the  Atlantic,  Mississippi  and  Ohio  ma- 
chine shops  were  destroyed  by  fire,  with  about  fifty 
thousand  dollars  worth  of  machinery.  The  fire,  how- 
ever, was  scarcely  over  before  the  work  of  rebuilding 
was  begun. 

Sawney  Early,  a  well-known  negro  character,  was  at- 
tracting a  good  deal  of  attention.  He  claimed  to  be 
the  "  second  Christ,"  and  went  about  the  streets  with 
feathers  in  his  hat,  red  and  gilt  letters  and  peculiar 
figures  on  his  coat,  and  a  Bible  under  his  arm.  The 
negroes  and  small  boys  looked  upon  the  queer  charac- 
ter with  a  feeling  of  half  fear  and  half  veneration. 
Times  got  hard  with  Sawney  and  he  decided  to  appro- 
priate a  citizen's  cow.  He  killed  the  animal  and  was 
in  his  house  dressing  it  when  the  owner  called.  The 
"  prophet "  refused  to  be  interrupted,  saying  that  the 
Lord  had  told  him  to  rise,  Sawney,  slay  and  eat.  He 
offered  a  stout  resistance  to  the  men,  even  threatening 
their  lives,  whereupon  they  shot  him.  The  negro  was 
badly  wounded,  but  turned  it  to  some  account,  for  when 
he  recovered,  he  presented  a  new  claim  to  the  belief 
of  the  credulous,  declaring  that  he  had  been  killed  and 
raised  from  the  dead.  After  causing  more  trouble, 
Sawney  was  landed  in  the  insane  asylum. 

The  First  Presbyterian  church  was  undergoing  ex- 
tensive improvements,  and  October  5,  Rev.  C.  S.  Lucas 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        309 

organized  at  Holcombe  Hall  the  Disciples  church. 
About  the  same  time  Epiphany  church  was  begun,  and 
also  an  Episcopal  church  on  Daniel's  Hill.  Every 
year  a  number  of  the  old  and  prominent  citizens  were 
passing  away.  January  22,  Dr.  William  Owen  died.  He 
was  eighty-eight  years  old,  having  been  born  in  Staun- 
ton in  1788.  His  parents  moved  here  when  he  was 
three  years  old,  and  his  mother  taught  school  in  the 
old  frame  house  corner  Church  and  Ninth  streets.  Dr. 
Owen  was  a  physician  here  sixty  years,  and  the  good 
he  did  will  never  be  told.  He  was  a  faithful  friend  of 
the  poor,  and  during  the  epidemic  of  fever  caused  by 
the  digging  of  the  canal,  he  averaged  eleven  hundred 
visits  a  month  to  the  employees.  His  kindness  and 
gentleness  made  him  like  a  sunbeam  in  a  sick  cham- 
ber. 

Colonel  Seth  Halsey,  a  prominent  tobacconist,  died 
February  8,  and  on  the  18th,  David  R.  Edley,  a  useful 
citizen,  a  man  of  fine  attainments,  and  a  leading  law- 
yer, died.  Charles  Henry  Lynch,  a  wealthy  and  prom- 
inent citizen,  and  near  descendant  of  John  Lynch, 
passed  away  March  24.  Warren  Gannaway,  another 
old  citizen,  died  July  26,  and  August  7,  Henry  L. 
Davis,  for  many  years  a  teacher  here ;  December  3, 
Creed  T.  Wills,  cashier  of  the  Lynchburg  Insurance 
and  Banking  Company,  died. 

There  were  not  many  important  events  in  1876  to 
notice.  A  great  expectation  that  many  Lynchburgers 
would  inherit  a  large  fortune  claimed  the  attention  of 
the  citizens.     It  was  reported  that  an  estate  of  one  hun- 


310  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

dred  and  fifty  million  dollars  was  in  England  for  the 
heirs  of  the  Jennings  family.  This  stirred  the  people  of 
the  United  States,  and  an  effort  was  made  to  find  all  of 
the  descendants.  It  did  not  take  much  effort  to  find 
them,  for  it  turned  out  that  the  Jennings  family  was 
second  in  number  only  to  the  family  of  Adam  and  Eve. 
The  Lynchburg  branch  organized,  and  on  March  28,  the 
Jennings  Estate  Association  was  incorporated.  W. 
D.  Branch  was  sent  to  Augusta,  Ga.,  to  represent  the 
Lynchburg  heirs  at  the  meeting  there.  Some  near 
relatives  felt  that  they  were  soon  to  be  rich,  and  that 
all  that  was  necessary  would  be  to  prove  the  relation- 
ship. The  fortune  has  not  been  secured  at  this  writing, 
but  there  are  still  possibilities. 

The  News,  the  Virginian  (the  Republican  and  Vir- 
ginian had  consolidated),  and  the  Evening  Star,  a  paper 
started  in  March,  had  a  spirited  controversy  over  the 
"  gas  monopoly,"  as  they  called  it.  It  was  claimed  that 
the  prices  were  exhorbitant  and  that  they  should  be  re- 
duced. The  company  made  reply  and  went  on  in  the 
same  way  it  had  always  gone. 

There  was  great  joy  in  the  hearts  of  the  people  when 
a  long-banished  exile  returned.  Silver  had  scarcely 
been  seen  since  the  war  began,  and  now  it  was  coming 
again  into  circulation.  An  inducement  offered  by  a 
troupe  at  Holcombe  Hall  was  that  silver  would  be  given 
in  change.  It  was  gladly  received  without  any  mis- 
givings, or  any  question  as  to  sixteen  to  one.  Two 
other  distinguished  visitors  came  here  May  3.  Dom 
Pedro,  Emperor  of  Brazil,  and  the  Empress.    They  were 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        311 

here  for  a  short  while,  but  great  crowds  went  to  the 
depot  to  greet  them. 

The  spring  elections  came  off  May  25,  and  the  entire 
Radical  ticket  was  elected  with  the  exception  of  Aurelias 
Christian,  commonwealth's  attorney,  and  Baxter  Harvey, 
high  constable.  In  some  unaccountable  way  the  bal- 
lots were  stolen  from  the  clerk's  office  several  days  after- 
wards. At  the  next  term  of  the  Corporation  Court 
the  office  of  commissioner  of  revenue  was  contested, 
and  Judge  Garland  set  aside  the  whole  election  and 
ordered  that  the  present  officers  hold  their  positions 
until  the  regular  election  of  next  year.  Another  legal 
fight  of  interest  to  the  people  of  Lynchburg  at  this 
time  was  the  contest  for  the  appointment  of  receivers 
for  the  Atlantic,  Mississippi  &  Ohio  railroad.  It  was 
held  that  General  Mahone  was  mismanaging  it.  The 
case  was  finally  won,  and  C.  L.  Perkins  and  Henry 
Fink  were  appointed  receivers. 

The  Centennial  was  in  progress  at  Philadelphia,  and 
many  citizens  attended.  Two  Lynchburgers  won 
prizes — John  W.  Carroll  on  his  "  Lone  Jack  "  tobacco 
and  L.  L.  Armistead  on  his  "  Occidental "  and  "  High- 
lander." 

Our  fair  this  year  was  of  great  interest.  General 
Fitzhugh  Lee  and  Hon.  J.  Randolph  Tucker  were 
present  and  made  addresses. 

This  was  the  year  of  the  presidential  election  and  the 
people  took  great  interest  in  it.  The  Democrats  nomi- 
nated Tilden  and  Hendricks  and  the  Republicans  Hayes 
and  Wheeler.    A  Democratic  pole  one  hundred  and  fifty 


312  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

feet  liigli  was  raised  at  the  corner  of  Main  and  Tenth 
streets.  John  W.  Daniel,  ^Y.  T.  Yancey  and  Thomas  S. 
Bocock  spoke.  Several  other  poles  were  raised  in  differ- 
ent parts  of  the  city  by  both  parties.  The  raising  of  these 
poles,  with  the  large  flags  and  streamers,  was  the  occa- 
sion for  big  political  rallies.  When  the  election  took 
place  there  was  great  excitement ;  business  was  sus- 
pended and  the  men  went  to  work  at  the  polls.  Tilden 
and  Hendricks  Avere  elected,  and  the  people,  especially 
of  the  South,  greatly  rejoiced ;  but  this  did  not  last 
long,  for  a  Republican  returning  board  counted  them 
out,  and  on  March  2  declared  Hayes  and  Wheeler 
elected.  The  papers  here,  as  in  other  places,  except 
the  Press,  which  was  Kepublican,  denounced  the  pro- 
ceedings in  strong  language  ;  but  nothing  was  done,  and 
the  people  had  to  submit. 

Some  facts  in  regard  to  the  churches  this  year  are  of 
interest.  August  7  a  new  Baptist  church,  corner  of 
Floyd  and  Eleventh  streets,  was  dedicated  by  Rev.  Dr. 
Bitting,  assisted  by  Rev.  B.  G.  Manard.  Rev.  A.  C. 
Bledsoe  was  sent  to  Court  street  and  Rev.  H.  C.  Cheat- 
ham to  Centenary.  The  Rev.  J.  M.  Rawlings  was 
called  to  the  Second  Presbyterian  church,  and  Rev.  S. 
T.  Graham,  at  the  Methodist  Protestant  church,  had  a 
revival  in  which  there  were  nearly  one  hundred  pro- 
fessions. 

We  pause  again  to  note  the  yearly  record  of  prom- 
inent deaths.  January  6  Captain  John  B.  Tilden  died. 
He  had  been  a  citizen  here  a  long  time  and  was  a  man 
of  great  kindness  and  liberality.     During  the  war  he 


LYNCHBUEG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        313 

was  appointed  agent  in  the  field  to  look  after  the  sick 
and  wounded  soldiers  from  Lynchburg,  and  well  did 
he  perform  his  task.  He  was  a  great  apostle  of  tem- 
perance. At  one  time  he  was  interested  in  a  liquor 
business,  and  when  he  was  converted,  under  Thomas 
A.  Holcombe,  he  went  at  once  and  broke  up  the  busi- 
ness by  pouring  the  stuff  into  the  streets.  The  esteem 
in  which  he  was  held  was  shown  on  the  day  of  the 
funeral.  It  was  one  of  the  most  imposing  demonstra- 
tions ever  witnessed  here;  the  stores  closed  from  10:30 
to  2,  the  bells  of  the  city  tolled,  and  a  long  procession, 
consisting  of  Masons,  Odd-Fellows,  Good  Templars, 
Hose  Company  No.  1,  ex-Confederate  soldiers  and  cit- 
izens, followed  the  remains  to  the  grave.  The  other 
prominent  citizens  who  died  were  Christopher  Clark, 
January  12;  Alexander  Pamplin,  the  19th;  John  H. 
Tyree,  February  8  ;  Frederick  Hildebrand,  a  teacher 
in  the  high  school,  the  20th ;  David  E.  Booker,  March 
1,  and  James  Fretwell,  one  of  the  old  citizens,  Novem- 
ber 17. 

Lynchburg  has  always  shown  a  decided  taste  for 
good  literature,  and  efforts  were  constantly  made  to 
improve  it.  The  Garland  Literary  Club,  with  a  mem- 
bership of  over  two  hundred,  did  much  in  this  direc- 
tion, and  afforded  a  pleasant  entertainment  during  the 
winter  months.  Mrs.  M.  C.  Tyree  was  very  successful 
in  her  literary  effort,  "Housekeeping  in  Old  Vir- 
ginia." 

There  were  two  pleasant  occasions  in  April,  1877. 
One  when  General  Wade  Hampton  passed  through  the 


314  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

city  on  the  5th,  the  first  time  since  the  memorable  battle 
of  Trevilian's  Station,  which  saved  Lynchburg.  He  was 
met  at  the  depot  by  a  large  crowd  of  citizens,  and  after 
an  introduction  by  General  Jubal  A.  Early,  made  an 
appropriate  speech,  which  Avas  warmly  received.  The 
other  was  the  visit  of  the  Norfolk  Blues  the  24th. 
The  Home  Guard  and  the  Light  Artillery  Blues  acted 
as  hosts.  Major  John  W.  Daniel  made  an  address  of 
welcome,  and  a  german  was  given  at  the  Norvell 
House.  The  soldiers  left  well  pleased  with  their  visit 
to  Lynchburg.  The  city  now  was  becoming  two  large 
to  be  supplied  with  water  by  one  reservoir,  and  as 
Samuel  Miller  had  left  twenty  thousand  for  a  new  one 
on  College  Hill,  April  11th  the  city  began  work  on 
the  new  reservoir,  and  also  decided  to  put  in  a  new 
pump. 

May  24,  the  Disciples  church  on  Church  street,  was 
dedicated.  Rev.  L.  A.  Cutler  preached  and  Rev.  C.  S. 
Lucas  was  pastor.  The  same  month  Rev.  W.  L. 
Smith  was  called  to  succeed  Dr.  Montgomery  at  the 
First  Baptist  church,  and  later  Centenary  church  was 
greatly  improved.  The  signs  of  improvement  were 
not  in  the  churches  alone ;  all  over  the  city  new  build- 
ings were  being  erected. 

Another  social  event  was  that  which  took  place  June 
30.  The  city  prided  itself  on  the  Tobacco  City  Boat 
Club,  and  among  others  it  had  a  racing  crew  :  Dr.  J. 
R.  Hill,  W.  O.  Owen,  J.  S.  Marshall,  W.  H.  Dudley 
and  J.  W.  Langhorne.  This  club  challenged  the  Rives 
Club,  of  the  University,  for  a  race,  and  on  this  day  the 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        315 

race  came  oif.  A  great  crowd  was  present,  some  on 
the  train,  some  in  row  boats,  some  in  canal  boats  and 
many  afoot,  A  large  number  of  visitors  were  here 
from  Charlottesville  and  other  places,  and  party  spirit  ran 
high.  The  course  was  above  the  Orange  bridge  near 
Mint  Spring.  The  start  was  very  pretty,  as  was  the 
turn,  and  when  the  Lynchburg  crew  came  in  first  the 
applause  was  deafening.  Following  the  boat  race  there 
were  tub-races  and  other  amusements  that  lent  much 
interest  to  the  day. 

The  Virginia  and  Tennessee  road,  which  Lynchburg 
had  built,  caused  a  great  deal  of  trouble,  and  now  another 
road,  a  portion  of  which  the  city  had  built,  was  causing 
trouble.  The  Virginia  Midland  road,  J.  S.  Barbour, 
receiver,  announced  their  intention  of  moving  their 
shops  from  here  to  Charlottesville.  Lynchburg  felt  great 
resentment,  and  decided  to  take  steps  to  prevent  it  if 
possible.  An  indignation  meeting  was  held  at  Martin's 
warehouse,  August  6,  and  a  large  crowd  was  present. 
Speeches  were  made  recalling  the  city's  help  to  the 
road,  and  denouncing  the  management  for  this  attempt 
to  injure  the  place.  Resolutions  were  passed  asking 
the  merchants  to  divert  their  freight  from  this  line  if 
the  shops  were  moved,  and  reciting  the  fact  that  in  the 
charter  the  city  had  the  right  to  compel  the  company 
to  draw  their  cars  through  the  town  with  horses,  if  it  so 
desired,  which  might  be  enforced  if  the  contemplated 
action  was  taken.  The  people  protested,  but  in  less 
than  ten  days  the  shops  were  removed  and  the  buildings 
torn  down. 


316  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

When  the  time  for  indignation  and  fight  came,  Lynch- 
burg was  on  the  ground,  and  when  the  time  for  hospi- 
tality and  good  feeling  came,  the  Hill  City  was  not 
wanting.  The  people  believed  Samuel  J.  Tilden  elected, 
but  as  R.  B.  Hayes  had  heen  seated  they  looked  upon 
him  as  President,  and  honored  him  for  his  office's  sake  ; 
so  when  it  was  announced  that  he  would  pass  through 
the  city  September  24,  a  special  invitation  was  sent 
him  to  stop  over.  The  President  accepted,  and  on  the 
appointed  day  a  committee  of  citizens  met  him  at 
Lowry's  and  escorted  him  here.  When  the  party 
reached  the  Union  depot  they  were  met  by  the  Home 
Guard,  the  Artillery  with  Lyman's  band,  and  a  large 
crowd  of  citizens.  A  carriage  drawn  by  six  horses 
was  arranegd  for  the  President.  When  the  Norvell 
House  was  reached  Hon.  Thomas  S.  Bocock  made 
an  address  of  welcome,  to  which  Mr.  Hayes  warmly 
responded.  In  the  afternoon  a  reception  was  held,  and 
later  the  Presidential  party  was  driven  over  the  city  and 
visited  some  of  the  large  tobacco  factories.  At  night  a 
ball  and  banquet  was  given  at  the  Norvell  House,  and 
Hon.  Charles  L.  Mosby,  one  of  our  venerable  citi- 
zens, made  the  address.  Next  morning  the  party  left 
on  the  early  train,  expressing  themselves  as  much 
pleased  with  their  reception  in  the  Democratic  town 
of  Lynchburg. 

This  seemed  a  year  of  social  events  and  the  like. 
October  9  the  annual  assembly  of  the  Grand  Camp, 
Knights  Templars  of  Virginia,  met  here,  and  a  few 
weeks  later  the  fair  opened  with  its  characteristic  rag- 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        317 

amuffin  parade.  November  14  the  Virginia  confer- 
ence opened  at  Centenary  church,  Bishop  D.  S.  Doggett 
in  the  chair.  While  the  preachers  were  here  it  began 
to  pour  down  rain,  and  on  the  23d  the  river  had  risen 
rapidly  until  it  was  within  two  and  a  half  feet  of  the 
hiffh-water  mark  of  the  freshet  of  1870.  Amherst 
bridge  and  the  two  Atlantic,  Mississippi  and  Ohio 
bridges  connecting  Percival's  island  were  again  washed 
away;  the  gas  house  was  flooded  and  the  city  was  in 
darkness  ;  the  water-works  were  damaged,  the  Tobacco 
City  boat-house  and  the  boats  were  swept  away;  the 
canal  and  much  private  property  was  greatly  damaged. 
The  water  covered  the  tracks  of  the  Virginia  Midland 
road  on  Jefferson  street,  and  the  damage  was  but  little 
less  than  that  of  seven  years  ago.  The  next  day,  Sat- 
urday, the  water  began  to  recede,  and  after  a  few  more 
days  the  James  was  as  quiet  as  a  lamb,  apparently  for- 
getful of  the  terrible  havoc  it  had  wrought. 

The  freshet  had  opened  some  new  questions.  The 
canal  was  so  badly  damaged  that  it  was  proposed  to 
abandon  it  and  substitute  the  James  River  Valley 
railroad  from  Clifton  Forge  to  Richmond,  with  a 
branch  to  Lexington.  Besides  other  advantages,  this 
would  give  a  connection  with  the  Chesapeake  and 
Ohio.  The  matter  was  discussed  a  great  deal,  and 
Lynchburg  and  Richmond  finally  decided  to  contribute 
towards  repairing  the  canal.  By  the  latter  part  of 
January  the  canal  was  opened  to  Richmond,  and  later 
to  Buchanan.  A  new  bridge  had  to  be  erected  to 
Amherst,  and  the  proposition  was  made  to  have  a  free 


318  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

bridge.  The  council  decided  to  give  five  thousand 
dollars,  provided  Amherst  county  gave  the  same  and 
individuals  raised  another  five  thousand.  The  old  com- 
pany surrendered  all  their  rights  and  privileges,  and 
in  March  the  contract  was  let  for  an  iron  bridge. 
August  14,  1878,  the  free  bridge  was  opened,  and 
from  that  day  to  this  it  has  been  bearing  the  burden  of 
traffic  to  and  from  the  city. 

There  were  few  deaths  this  past  year.  Rev.  A. 
Doniphan,  once  pastor  here,  and  agent  for  the  college, 
was  buried  from  Court  Street  church,  February  25. 
George  Percival,  a  much  beloved  citizen,  called  by 
many  "  Uncle  George,"  died  May  30.  He  was  a  man 
of  strong  intellect  and  decided  character,  a  leader 
in  the  Methodist  Protestant  church  and  a  patriarch 
in  the  temperance  cause.  July  2  Rev.  Jacob  Mitchell, 
another  old  pastor,  was  buried  from  the  Second 
Presbyterian  church,  Rev.  J.  M.  Rawlings  conducting 
the  service.  September  1  Philip  D.  Christian,  an 
honorable  and  upright  man,  died  suddenly.  He 
was  a  good  man,  a  member  of  the  First  Presbyterian 
church.  On  the  19th  J.  B.  Gaddess  died.  He  was 
long  connected  with  the  fire  companies,  and  had  marked 
with  tombstones  the  graves  of  many,  and  now  this 
service  was  to  be  performed  for  him.  December  20 
John  J.  Purvis,  another  old  citizen,  passed  away. 

Much  interest  was  again  being  shown  in  church 
affairs.  February,  1878,  Rev.  A.  C.  Bledsoe  conducted 
a  great  revival  at  Court  Street  church.  Despite  the 
cold  and  snow,  the  basement  of  the  church  was  crowded 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  319 

and  there  were  more  than  a  hundred  professions.  Rev. 
Dr.  Harrison  was  also  conducting  an  interesting  meet- 
ing at  the  First  Baptist  church.  Rev.  J.  H.  Williams 
was  rector  at  Grace  church,  and  Dr.  L.  W.  Bates  was 
appointed  pastor  of  the  Methodist  Protestant  church. 
Ground  had  already  been  broken  for  a  new  Catholic 
churchj  corner  Clay  and  Seventh  streets,  and  on  Sun- 
day afternoon,  April  28,  the  corner-stone  was  laid  by 
Rev.  Father  Jansens,  administrator  of  the  diocese,  and 
Rev.  Fathers  McGurk,  Riley  and  Donahue.  The 
Protestant  Episcopal  Council  met  here  May  15,  Bishop 
Whittle   presiding. 

The  recollection  of  the  City  Hotel  disaster  was  still 
fresh,  when  another,  even  more  terrific,  occurred,  only 
two  squares  from  the  scene  of  the  first.  The  large 
three-story  building  on  the  eastern  corner  of  Main  and 
Eighth  streets,  being  vacant,  had  been  used  for  a 
picture  sale.  A  few  days  afterwards,  May  28,  some 
ladies  were  there  preparing  for  a  church  feast.  At 
1  o'clock  all  left  for  dinner,  and  about  fifteen  or 
twenty  minutes  later  the  building  completely  collapsed. 
It  seemed  almost  miraculous  that  it  fell  when  it  did, 
for  had  it  been  a  half  hour  earlier,  ten  or  twenty  Lynch- 
burg ladies  would  have  been  crushed  to  death ;  as  it 
was,  no  one  was  hurt. 

A  pleasant  occasion  was  that  of  May  31,  when  the 
Home  Guard  and  the  Artillery  Blues  turned  out  to 
witness  a  presentation  to  the  latter  company  and  to 
some  of  its  officers.  The  companies  were  drawn  up  in 
front  of  the  courthouse,  and  Professor  W.  R.  Abbot 


320  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

presented  the  Blues,  on  behalf  of  the  ladies,  with  a 
handsome  flag ;  Colonel  Portlock  then  presented  Cap- 
tain Lee  with  a  beautiful  sword,  and  Dr.  H.  G.  Latham 
presented  Sergeant  C.  H.  Lumsden  witli  a  silver  goblet, 
both  of  which  were  on  behalf  of  the  men.  Later  a 
salute  of  twenty-one  guns  was  fired  from  the  corner  of 
Church  and  Ninth  streets.  Besides  these  two  compa- 
nies, Lynchburg  had  a  volunteer  colored  company,  the 
Hill  City  Guards,  which  acquitted  themselves  well. 

Several  events  call  for  some  notice  in  passing.  The 
State  regatta  was  held  here  June  28,  and  the  University 
crew  won.  The  day  passed  pleasantly,  and  there 
would  have  been  nothing  to  mar  it  had  not  some  mis- 
creant cut  a  hole  in  the  Univ^ersity  boat.  The  new 
College  Hill  reservoir  was  completed  in  July,  and  on 
the  29th  there  was  a  total  eclipse  of  the  sun.  Times 
were  hard,  but  Lynchburg  was  pressing  forward. 
Witt,  Watkins  &  Co.  established  the  first  wholesale 
boot  and  shoe  house  here  August  3.  Earnest  efforts 
were  being  made  to  raise  money  for  the  Lee  monument 
in  Richmond,  and  also  for  the  yellow  fever  sufferers  in 
Memphis  and  Vicksburg.  August  18,  Epiphany 
church  was  opened  by  Rev.  T.  M.  Carson  and  Rev. 
Arthur  Grey,  and  in  September  there  was  another 
freshet  that  greatly  damaged  the  canal. 

The  night  of  October  16  ther«  was  another  awful 
disaster,  caused  by  the  fear  of  the  people  being  aroused 
on  account  of  a  condemned  building.  A  revival  meet- 
ing was  being  carried  on  at  Court  Street  Baptist  church, 
colored.     On    this    night   a    large    crowd   of  negroes 


LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  321 

attended  to  witness  the  marriage  of  Jack  Averett  and 
Mary  Rives.  The  marriage  was  over,  and  the  preacher, 
Eev.  Fielding  W.  Morris,  was  about  to  resume  the 
services,  when  some  one  gave  the  alarm  that  the  house 
was  falling.  A  panic  immediately  ensued  and  a  mad 
rush  was  made  for  the  windows  and  doors.  The  doors 
were  jammed  and  many  jumped  from  the  second  and 
third-story  windows.  The  fire  bell  rang  and  a  crowd 
of  citizens  gathered.  Many  outside  tried  to  rush  in  to 
save  their  friends,  and  this  made  the  situation  so  bad 
that  a  military  company  had  to  be  called  out.  It  was 
a  fearful  scene — men  and  women  were  trampled  under 
foot  and  crushed  to  death  or  severely  wounded,  and 
many  were  hurt  by  jumping  from  the  windows.  When 
the  church  had  at  last  been  cleared  it  was  a  solemn 
sight  to  see  the  dead  and  wounded  borne  off  on  litters 
or  in  vehicles  and  to  hear  the  shrieks  and  cries  of  loved 
ones  when  they  recognized  their  dead.  There  were  ten 
negroes  killed  and  twenty  or  thirty  wounded,  and  the 
saddest  part  was  that  the  panic  was  altogether  without 
cause ;  there  was  no  sign  whatever  of  the  building  fall- 
ing at  that  time.  The  city  was  made  sad  by  the  horri- 
ble affair,  and  especially  as  the  dead  were  borne  out  one 
by  one  the  next  few  days. 

Often  this  year  did  the  tolling  of  the  funeral  knell 
call  the  citizens  to  mourning.  John  Clark,  a  large 
tobacco  commission  merchant,  died  February  15. 
John  R.  McDaniel,  one  of  Lynchburg's  most  useful 
and  intelligent  citizens,  died  in  Washington  May  15. 
He  was  born  here  about  seventy  years  before,  and  had 


322  LYNCHBURG    AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

been  closely  identified  with  the  history  of  the  town. 
He  was  one  of  the  most  public-spirited  men  in  the 
whole  country.  He  was  connected  with  nearly  every 
enterprise  here,  and  when  the  Virginia  and  Tennessee 
road  was  building  he  pledged  his  private  fortune  to 
complete  it.  Being  too  old  to  enter  the  active  service 
during  the  war,  he  spent  his  time  in  securing  supplies 
for  the  soldiers'  families.  He  was  also  a  prominent 
Mason.  After  the  war  he,  like  many  others,  lost  his 
fortune ;  but  to  him  the  city  owed  a  debt  of  gratitude 
that  it  could  not  easily  pay.  On  the  afternoon  of  the 
funeral,  at  the  request  of  the  mayor,  all  business  was 
suspended,  and  one  of  the  largest  processions  ever  seen 
followed  the  remains  to  the  grave.  June  1 2,  James  M. 
Cobbs,  another  old  citizen,  died.  He  had  long  been  con-  ^ 
nected  with  the  city  as  mayor  and  fire  marshal.  Sep- 
tember 6,  at  the  age  of  eighty,  John  M.  Warwick 
died.  He  had  been  a  citizen  of  Lynchburg  fifty-five 
years,  and  during  that  time  had  acquired  great  wealth 
as  a  tobacconist.  He  was  liberal  and  public-spirited 
and  was  an  uncompromising  Virginia  gentleman.  An- 
other venerable  citizen  died  October  30 — Peleg  Seabury. 
He  was  a  fine  example  of  high  courage  and  true 
Christian  manhood. 

There  had  been  a  good  deal  of  discussion  as  to 
whether  Holcombe  Hall,  the  old  ISIethodist  church, 
could  be  used  for  a  theatre,  and  whether  the  Sons  of 
Temperance  were  not  exceeding  powers  deeded  to  them 
by  the  Methodists  in  so  doing.  The  case  was  brought 
into   court,  and  January  3,  1879,  Judge  Garland  de- 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        323 

cided  that  it  could  no  longer  be  used  for  theatrical 
purposes,  but  must  be  confined,  by  the  terms  of  the 
deed,  to  use  for  moral,  religious  and  scientific  purposes 
only.  Milton  Noble  in  the  "  Phoenix  "  was  the  last  play 
there.  It  was  proposed  to  turn  it  into  a  public  library, 
but  this  failed.  In  the  meantime  Hancock  &  Moor- 
man had  completed  the  present  Opera  House,  and  Feb- 
ruary 6  it  was  opened  by  F.  C.  Bangs,  in  Julius  Caesar. 

The  people  were  still  complaining  of  hard  times, 
and  yet  many  improvements  were  going  on.  A  new 
iron  brido^e  was  built  over  Blackwater  creek  at  Sixth 
street ;  the  colored  Presbyterian  church,  on  Clay  street, 
was  dedicated  February  9.  Pace's  warehouse  was 
opened  with  a  big  ball  April  14,  A.  S.  Payne  and  J.  J. 
"Woodroof  being  managers.  Mr.  Woodroof  had  before 
given  the  children  a  ball  at  the  Arlington,  June  30, 
1877.  The  Paces  had  made  an  innovation  by  intro- 
ducing a  bell  in  lieu  of  the  old  horn  to  call  men  to  the 
breaks.  The  warehouses  were  so  numerous  now  that 
double  breaks  were  introduced  the  23d  of  this  month. 
On  the  29th  the  corner-stone  of  the  new  colored  Bap- 
tist church,  corner  Court  and  Sixth  streets,  was  laid. 
A  large  meeting  was  held  at  the  Arlington  hotel  on 
the  30th  to  establish  a  telephone  exchange  here.  A 
few  of  the  instruments  had  been  introduced  and  they 
seemed  a  marvel,  many  of  the  people  coming  to  see 
them  work. 

A  spring  fair  was  held  May  27;  it  was  a  tobacco 
exhibit  and  a  race  meet,  with  no  notable  feature  except 
a  speech  by  Governor  Zeb  Yance  of  North  Carolina. 


324  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

This  was  the  year  of  the  introduction  of  the  pretty- 
opera,  "  Pinafore."  Mrs.  J.  W.  Stone  organized  a  com- 
pany of  amateurs,  and  they  were  so  well  received  that 
several  times  they  presented  the  piece  at  the  Opera 
House. 

The  canal  had  been  so  often  damaged  by  high  water 
that  it  was  determined  to  sell  it,  so  a  bill  was  passed 
authorizing  the  sale  of  the  James  River  and  Kanawha 
canal  to  the  Richmond  and  Alleghany  Railroad  Company. 
The  people  were  hard  at  work  to  build  the  railroad, 
and  on  June  24,  a  public  meeting  in  interest  of  it  was 
held  at  Holcombe  Hall,  and  was  addressed  by  the  vice- 
president,  H.  C.  Parsons. 

The  Church  of  the  Holy  Cross,  the  beautiful  new 
Catholic  church  was  dedicated  September  14.  Arch- 
bishop James  Gibbons,  of  Baltimore,  Bishop  J.  J. 
Keane  of  Richmond,  Fathers  Healey,  of  Georgetown 
College,  Murray,  of  Old  Point,  Donahue,  of  Warren- 
ton,  McGurk,  the  pastor,  and  Hasty,  the  assistant  pastor, 
took  part.  Archbishop  Gibbons  preached  the  sermon 
from  Revelations,  5  :  8-13,  and  performed  the  service  of 
consecration.  Bishop  Keane  celebrated  high  mass, 
and  then  explained  the  ringing  of  the  bell  three  times 
a  day  at  angelus.  Bishop  Gibbons,  over  five  years  ago, 
September  6,  1874,  dedicated  the  Catholic  cemetery 
here.  Since  the  building  of  the  first  Catholic  church 
by  the  Rev.  Daniel  Downey  there  had  been  a  good 
many  rectors.  Father  O'Donoghue  died  here  December 
30,  1845.  He  was  succeeded  by  Father  Farrel,  who 
staid  a  short  while,  and  returned  to  his  home  in  Mar- 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  325 

tinsburg  to  die.  The  parish  was  visited  by  Rev.  Ed- 
ward Fox,  who  in  1847  became  the  priest  in  charge. 
August  3,  1850,  Father  Fox  died  of  consumption  at 
the  residence  of  Michael  Counell.  Then  came  the  Rev. 
Thomas  Mulvey,  who  staid  until  1855,  and  was  suc- 
ceeded by  Father  McGovern,  who  remained  until  1858. 
Then  came  Rev.  Oscar  A.  Sears  who  served  until  1865. 
Rev.  Michael  Farren  then  took  charge  of  the  parish 
and  continued  until  October  7,  1869,  when  he  died. 
Rev.  J.  J.  McGurk  came  to  perform  his  funeral  obse- 
quies and  was  immediately  appointed  rector,  and  con- 
tinues to-day  in  charge  of  the  church. 

Governor  Holliday  and  a  party  who  were  inspecting 
the  route  of  the  Richmond  and  Alleghany  road,  arrived 
here  over  the  canal  October  9.  They  were  met  by  the 
Home  Guard,  Artillery  Blues  and  Hill  City  Guards, 
colored.  The  party  was  escorted  to  the  Norvell  House, 
where  C.  W.  Button  made  an  address  of  welcome,  to 
which  the  Governor  responded.  Next  day  they  resumed 
their  journey,  well  pleased  with  Lynchburg. 

The  time  for  the  election  was  now  drawing  near,  and 
the  question  before  the  people  was,  "  Shall  we  pay  the 
State  debt  or  repudiate  it  ?  "  The  old  parties  were  lost 
sight  of  and  the  new  parties  were  the  Funders  and  Re- 
adjusters.  The  Funders  held  a  big  rally  at  Pace's, 
October  23,  and  were  addressed  by  A.  M.  Keiley, 
now  of  the  Supreme  Court  of  Alexandria,  Egypt. 
When  the  election  came  off,  Lynchburg,  much  to  its 
credit,  voted  overwhelmingly  in  favor  of  paying  the 
State  debt. 


326  LYNCHBUEG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

A  new  hotel  was  opened  November  17,  the  Relay 
House,  and  on  the  20th,  Moorman's  new  warehouse. 
The  question  of  furnishing  the  city  with  water  from 
Burton's  creek  was  being  agitated  at  this  time,  but 
amounted  to  nothing. 

The  death  rate  this  year  among  the  prominent  citi- 
zens was  large.  January  14,  Wilson  P.  Bryant,  an  old 
and  distinguished  citizen,  died,  and  on  the  16th,  Colonel 
Virginius  Rodes,  a  brother  of  General  Rodes.  Colonel 
James  M.  Langhorne,  a  prominent  tobacconist,  passed 
away  March  9,  and  on  the  13th,  Charles  L.  Mosby. 
He  was  for  a  long  time  the  leader  of  the  bar  here,  and 
several  times  represented  the  city  in  the  legislature. 
He  was  an  honorable  man  and  a  devoted  member  of  the 
Presbyterian  church.  On  the  27th,  Harry  Edwards,  a 
bright  and  promising  boy,  fell  from  the  top  of  a  house 
on  Main  street  while  trying  to  fix  an  amateur  telephone, 
and  was  instantly  killed,  and  on  the  next  day  Abram 
F.  Biggers,  superintendent  of  public  schools,  died.  He 
was  a  true  man,  an  accurate  scholar  and  an  earnest 
Christian.  Another  true  man  passed  away  April  27, 
when  Dr.  Samuel  B.  Christian,  for  a  long  time  one  of 
the  leading  physicians  here  and  a  vestryman  of  St. 
Paul's  church,  died.  The  medical  fraternity  of  the 
city  bore  his  body  to  Spring  Hill  and  laid  it  in  the 
tomb.  May  14,  George  D.  Davis,  another  old  and 
honored  citizen,  died,  and  on  June  28,  Norvell  Lang- 
horne, one  of  our  young  men,  was  killed  in  a  railroad 
accident  at  Reed  Creek.  The  death  of  two  other  citi- 
zens completes  the  list  for  this  year.     October  27,  T.  C. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        327 

S.  Ferguson  died.  He  was  one  of  our  most  useful 
citizens,  being  connected  with  many  of  our  business 
and  charitable  institutions.  He  was  conscientious,  dis- 
creet and  laborious.  November  2,  Dr.  Marcellus  P. 
Christian,  another  leading  physician,  died  of  pneumo- 
nia. Until  1861  he  was  surgeon  in  the  United  States 
navy,  but  when  the  war  broke  out,  like  many  others, 
he  came  to  offer  his  services  to  his  State.  After  the 
war  he  settled  here  and  soon  won  the  confidence  and 
esteem  of  all  as  a  man  honorable,  just  and  generous. 


CHAPTER  XI. 

Prosperity  was  the  word  which  characterized  the 
period  upon  which  we  are  now  entering.  Never  in  the  his- 
tory of  Lynchburg  was  the  outlook  brighter  than  now; 
business  was  good,  the  wholesale  trade  rapidly  growing, 
buildings  were  going  up,  one  hundred  and  eighty-eight 
thousand  dollars  having  been  spent  the  preceding  year  in 
various  structures,  and  above  all  iron  was  king,  com- 
manding a  high  price.  Everywhere  men  were  search- 
ing for  ore,  and  every  land-owner  thought  his  farm  had 
rich  deposits  on  it.  The  Lynchburg  Iron,  Steel,  and 
Mining  Company  was  organized,  with  General  Bird 
Grubb,  president,  and  General  T.  T.  Munford,  vice- 
president  and  general  manager.  The  company  pur- 
chased Deane's  Foundry  and  Rolling  Mill  and  soon 
began  the  erection  of  a  large  blast  furnance.  The  James 
River  Steel  Manufacturing  Company  was  also  organized 
and  bought  the  rolling  mill  property  above  the  city. 
Then  followed  the  James  River  Foundry  and  Manufac- 
turing Company,  which  was  operated  by  Robinson,  Tate 
&  Company,  and  which  bought  the  Phoenix,  or  Dab- 
ney's,  foundry. 

The  time  of  amusement  has  its  place  as  well  as  bus- 
iness, and  on  the  13th  and  14th  of  January,  large 
crowds  attended  the  Opera  House  to  see  Joe  Jefferson 
in  "  Rip  Van  Winkle." 

The  city  claimed  twenty-two  thousand  inhabitants. 


TobACCu  BRtft^S 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        329 

but  the  census  of  this  year  showed  only  fifteen  thousand, 
nine  hundred  and  fifty-nine  within  the  corporate  limits. 
If  the  city  was  not  so  large  now  as  it  was  thought  to 
be,  the  next  census  w^ould  find  it  greatly  enlarged. 
With  this  in  view,  the  citizens  applied  themselves  to 
the  task  of  building  up  the  place.  The  question  as  to 
a  railroad  up  the  towpath  had  been  settled,  and  April 
1,  the  Richmond  and  Alleghany  road  was  begun  at 
Richmond.  The  work  here  was  soon  to  begin,  and 
Lynchburg  expected  to  reap  large  advantages  from  the 
new  enterprise. 

In  the  meantime  a  proposition  for  a  street  railway 
had  been  made,  and  had  provoked  much  discussion. 
The  movement  took  form  at  the  meeting  held  at  Hol- 
combe  Hall  June  30.  C.  W.  Button  presided,  and 
Major  J.  H.  Flood  moved  that  a  committee  of  seven 
be  appointed  to  secure  a  charter,  suggest  the  route, 
procure  the  right  of  way  and  solicit  subscriptions.  A. 
A,  Tunstall,  R.  T.  Craighill,  J.  P.  Bell,  L.  L.  Arm- 
istead,  Stephen  Adams,  John  P.  Pettyjohn  and  John 
Helbig  were  appointed.  They  went  to  work  with  a 
vim,  and  soon  the  company  was  organized,  with  Major 
C.  V.  Winfree,  president,  and  work  on  the  road  began 
August  30.  Some  doubted  the  wisdom  of  the  move, 
saying  that  it  was  doomed  to  failure,  because  Lynch- 
burg was  not  large  enough  for  a  street  railroad.  While 
the  work  was  progressing,  Main  street  was  paved  with 
Belgian  block.  The  road  was  finished  in  time  for  the 
fall  fair,  and  October  19,  six  horse-cars  were  started 
from  the  turntable  on  TJwelfth  street,  near  Grace,  to  the 


330  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Fair  Grounds.  The  people  were  delighted  to  hear  the 
jingle  of  the  street  car  bell,  and  every  one  who  had  ten 
cents  wanted  to  take  a  ride.  The  cars  were  irregular 
in  running  both  as  to  time  and  place ;  sometimes  they 
would  pass  within  an  hour  and  sometimes  earlier,  and 
then  they  would  run  on  the  track  and  then  off;  but 
what  did  this  matter — they  were  new  street  cars.  After 
a  while  they  ran  with  more  regularity  and  were  some- 
what of  a  convenience. 

Other  interesting  things  were  going  on.  The  Metho- 
dist church  in  DanielstoM^n  was  dedicated  June  27,  Rev. 
D.  P.  Wills  preaching  the  sermon,  and  September  5, 
Rev.  E.  S.  Gregory,  who  had  accepted  a  call  to  Epi- 
phany, preached  his  first  sermon.  But  the  presidential 
election  seemed  to  be  the  most  interesting  subject  before 
the  people.  The  Democrats  had  nominated  Hancock 
and  English,  and  the  Republicans  Garfield  and  Arthur. 
Lynchburg  heartily  approved  of  the  Democratic  nomi- 
nees, and  June  24  a  great  ratification  meeting  w^as  held 
in  front  of  the  Norvell  House.  Charles  M.  Blackford, 
Thomas  AVhitehead,  T.  J.  Kirkpatrick,  Frank  P. 
Brent,  L.  S.  Marye  and  J.  S.  Diggs  addressed  the 
crowed  from  the  hotel  porch.  The  Artillery  fired  one 
hundred  guns  from  Amherst  heights,  and  at  every  re- 
port there  was  loud  cheering.  As  the  election  came  on 
the  interest  deepened,  and  October  27  another  meeting 
was  held  at  Moorman's  warehouse,  and  was  addressed  by 
J.  R.  Tucker  and  John  W.  Daniel.  "When  the  time  for 
voting  arrived,  Lynchburg  went  for  Hancock  and  English 
by  a  large  majority,  but  Garfield  and  Arthur  were  elected. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        331 

While  many  were  engaged  in  politics,  a  notorious 
Lynchburger  was  suddenly  sent  to  the  quiet  shades  of 
the  tomb,  October  21  ;  Bill  Sprouse  killed  his  chum, 
Spot  Rider. 

A  meeting  of  importance  was  that  held  November 
11.  A  party  of  capitalists  interested  in  the  Richmond 
and  Alleghany  road  reached  here  over  the  canal  that 
day,  and  at  night  a  large  reception  was  given  them  at 
the  Opera  House.  Several  speeches  were  made  upon 
the  bright  prospect  for  the  new  road,  and  after  these 
exercises  were  over  the  guests  adjourned  to  the  Arling- 
ton, where  a  sumptuous  banquet  was  tendered  them  by 
the  citizens.  Mayor  S.  G.  Wingfield  made  an  address 
of  welcome,  after  which  there  were  several  cordial  re- 
sponses. The  party  left  next  day  for  the  Natural 
Bridge,  being  well  pleased  with  the  hospitality  of  the 
Hill  City. 

The  record  of  deaths  among  the  prominent  citizens 
was  not  so  large  this  year  as  usual.  Robert  P.  Button 
died  January  22,  and  Rev.  John  Bay  ley,  pastor  of 
Madison  Methodist  church,  February  25;  Lorenzo  Nor- 
vell,  an  old  citizen  and  one  prominent  in  banking  circles, 
passed  away  March  17.  Judge  J.  G.  Hay  the,  a  lead- 
ing lawyer  and  judge  of  Campbell  county,  died  May 
13,  and  on  the  21st  he  was  followed  by  Bryan  Akers, 
one  of  the  oldest  citizens.  Henry  O.  Schoolfield, 
another  old  citizen,  died  June  1. 

When  the  new  year,  1881,  opened  the  city  was  rap- 
idly moving  forward,  and  everywhere  there  were  en- 
couraging signs.     The  new  pump-house  was  completed 


332  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

the  month  before  ;  the  blast  furnace  was  in  operation, 
work  on  the  Richmond  and  Alleghany  road  was  being 
pushed,  and  in  January  a  handsome  new  public  school 
building,  corner  of  Fifth  and  Clay  streets,  was  com- 
pleted. But  the  people  were  not  so  taken  up  with 
material  prosperity  as  to  forget  the  higher  things.  The 
Holcombe  Hall  Association  was  organized  with  a  view 
to  having  at  stated  times  lectures  on  scientific  and  lite- 
rary subjects.  The  lectures  proved  very  helpful,  and 
many  showed  their  appreciation  by  attending.  Prom- 
inent among  the  lecturers  were  John  W.  Daniel,  R.  G. 
H.  Kean,  T.  J.  Kirkpatrick,  C.  M.  Blackford,  C.  W. 
Button,  Revs.  W.  E.  Edwards  and  Edward  S.  Gregory. 
The  last  named  had  but  recently  issued  a  book  of  poems 
entitled  "Bonnie  Belle  and  Other  Poems,"  which 
was  well  received.  The  short  quotation  below  is  charac- 
teristic of  his  poetry,  which  breathes  a  tender  love  of 
Nature,  with  a  strong  leaning  towards  elegiac  verse : 

"  On  western  hills  the  day  declines, 
Beneath  their  violet  plumes  of  pines. 
And  where  the  last  ray  lingering  shines, 
'Tis  softly  fading  into  night. 

The  tender  gloaming,  shade  on  shade, 
Comes  darkling  down  on  glen  and  glade. 
What  time,  in  beauty  bright  array'  d, 
The  stars  bloom  into  sight ; 

Then  love  takes  up  the  evening  song, 
And  memory,  kindling  warm  and  strong, 
Kecalls  dead  hopes  in  thickening  throng, 
And  paints  the  past  in  mellow  light." 

Within  the  next  few  months  there  were  a  good  many 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  333 

things  of  interest.  In  February,  the  Atlantic,  Missis- 
sippi and  Ohio  road  was  sold,  reorganized  and  called  the 
Norfolk  and  Western,  likewise  the  Washington  City, 
Virginia  Midland  and  Great  Southern  was  reorganized 
and  called  the  Virginia  Midland.  The  National  Ex- 
change Bank  was  begun  on  the  25th,  and  about  the  same 
time  the  city  was  much  scared  over  the  smallpox,  which 
had  broken  out.  In  March,  a  new  evening  paper.  The 
Advance,  was  started  by  Whitehead  &  Co.,  and  the 
same  month  Major  J.  W.  Daniel  proposed  a  narrow- 
gauge  road  from  Lynchburg  to  Brookneal.  The  propo- 
sition created  a  great  deal  of  discussion,  and  though  not 
acted  upon  it  served  to  open  the  way  for  a  road  to  be 
built  later.  A  more  important  move  was  that  of  the 
Council  in  appointing  a  committee  to  ascertain  if  the 
Shenandoah  Valley  road  could  not  be  brought  to 
Lynchburg  instead  of  Big  Lick.  The  committee  did 
its  best,  but  it  was  too  late ;  the  route  had  been  decided 
upon.  Guggenheimer  &  Co.  opened  their  large  dry- 
goods  store  May  2,  in  the  first  iron-front  building 
erected  in  Lynchburg. 

Dr.  L.  W.  Bates,  the  newly  assigned  pastor  of  the 
Methodist  Protestant  church,  and  nearly  his  whole  fam- 
ily Avere  taken  desperately  ill  immediately  after  breakfast 
one  April  morning.  The  doctors  were  called  in  and  pro- 
nounced it  a  case  of  poisoning,  most  probably  from  the 
meat  eaten  at  the  morning  meal.  Later  it  was  found 
that  only  those  who  had  drunk  coffee  were  sick,  and 
at  once  the  coffee  was  analyzed  and  found  to  contain 
poison.     Then  the  question  arose,  who  had  tried  to  kill 


334  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

the   preacher  and  his  family?     Suspicion  pointed  to 

the  cook,  Margaret  Fogus,  and  when  questioned  she 

confessed  to  putting  a  certain    mixture  in  the  coffee, 

but  denied  attempting  to  poison  the  family.     Margaret, 

like  most  of  her  race,  was  superstitious  and  believed  in 

the  effects  of  herbs,  potions  and  the  like,  so  she  applied  to 

"  Dr."  Huckstep,  a  negro,  who  professed  to  be  familiar 

with  the  art  of  conjuration.     He  promised  to  furnish 

the  needed  "  cunjur,"  and  went  to  work  to  prepare  it. 

"  Double,  double,  toil  and  trouble, 
Fire  burn  and  caldron  bubble, 
Fillet  of  a  fenny  snake 
In  the  caldron  boil  and  bake, 
Eye  of  a  newt,  and  toe  of  a  frog, 
Wool  of  a  bat  and  tongue  of  a  dog. 
Adders'  fork  and  blind  worms'  sting, 
Lizard's  leg  and  owlet  wing. 
For  a  charm  of  powerful  trouble. 
Like  a  hell-broth  boil  and  bubble." 

Thus  the  "  doctor  "  fixed  the  "  cunjur"  and  gave  it  to 
Margaret,  who  thought  that  all  trouble  between  her  and 
her  employer  would  vanish  and  she  would  hold  a  high 
place  in  their  esteem,  and  be  able  to  fix  whatever  terms 
suited  her.  Her  venture  into  the  region  of  the  recon- 
dite proved  a  dismal  failure,  for  she  soon  found  herself, 
with  the  "doctor,"  in  the  clutches  of  the  law,  to 
answer  the  charge  of  attempting  to  kill  a  whole  family. 
Her  faith  in  "  cunjurs "  was  now  gone,  and  she  went 
to  jail  weeping  over  the  effects  of  her  folly. 

Who  does  not  remember  the  burlesque  on  "Pinafore," 
"  Sarah  Jane,  or  Life  on  the  Freight  Boat,"  by  Thomas 
Simpson.     It  was  especially  appropriate  at  this  time, 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        335 

for  the  dock  at  the  foot  of  Bridge  street  was  crowded 
with  freight  boats,  driven  like  wild  horses  into  a  trap. 
The  railroad  was  crowding  in  upon  them  and  there  was 
no  future  for  them  but  to  be  food  for  the  flames.  The 
peculiar  melody  of  the  boat-horn  was  about  to  de- 
part forever  from  the  hills  and  the  vales  of  the  James, 
and  the  wild  scream  of  the  locomotive  was  to  take  its 
place.  Farewell,  companions  of  the  early  days ;  many 
sweet  memories  go  with  you. 

An  effort  was  made  to  connect  the  past  and  the 
present,  when  Mayor  Samuel  G.  Wingfield  called  a 
public  meeting  at  Holcombe  Hall  to  arouse  the  people 
upon  the  subject  of  the  Yorktown  Centennial,  which  was 
to  take  place  the  following  October.  John  Goode,  presi- 
dent of  the  Centennial  Committee,  and  John  W.  Daniel 
spoke  and  the  people  promised  their  support. 

A  dull,  calm  summer  day  was  July  2,  and  the  city 
was  quietly  moving  along  in  its  accustomed  way,  until 
it  was  learned  that  the  Western  Union  Telegraph  Com- 
pany had  hung  out  their  bulletin-board  ;  then  there 
was  a  wave  of  excitement,  for  this  was  not  done  unless 
there  was  news  of  importance.  A  crowd  soon  gathered 
and  each  one  was  stretching  his  head  forward  to  read 
the  dispatch.  A  feeling  of  horror  passed  oyer  each  one 
as  he  read  the  sad  news  that  Charles  J.  Guiteau  had 
attempted  to  assassinate  President  Garfield  in  the  Union 
depot  at  Washington,  and  had  shot  him  twice.  The 
report  soon  spread  over  the  entire  city  and  carried 
sadness  to  every  heart.  The  people  denounced  the 
dastardly  act,  and  hoped  and  prayed  that  the  President's 


336  LYXCHBUEG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

life  might  be  spared.  Day  after  day  the  newspapers 
were  eagerly  sought,  that  some  information  might  be  ob- 
tained as  to  the  condition  of  the  distinguished  sufferer. 
Scarcely  had  the  sensation  produced  by  this  terrible 
affair  subsided  when  another  powerfully  stirred  the 
whole  city.  In  one  of  the  new  stores  under  the  Opera 
House,  a  stranger  had  opened  the  handsomest  grocery 
store  in  the  town,  and  on  every  side  there  Avere  expres- 
sions of  satisfaction  at  the  acquisition  of  the  new  en- 
terprise. Business  was  good  and  the  people  were  glad 
to  deal  at  the  new  store,  but  Saturday,  July  30,  when 
the  store  was  full  of  customers.  Officer  Coombs  suddenly 
checked  the  whole  thing  when  he  arrested  the  proprie- 
tor, J.  AVaite,  as  a  bigamist.  The  warrant  was  sworn 
out  by  James  'Waite,  who  claimed  that  the  grocer's 
name  was  Burgess,  and  that  he  had  stolen  his  wife  and 
child,  and  had  assumed  his  name.  The  trial  came  off 
Monday  in  the  Mayor's  Court,  and  a  large  crowd  was 
present.  Waite  said  he  had  seen  men  digging  in 
Burgess'  yard  in  Michigan  for  the  dead  body  of  a  man 
supposed  to  have  been  murdered  and  buried  there,  and 
that  when  Burgess  heard  that  he  knew  something  about 
the  affair  he  became  uneasy  and  said  if  he  would  not 
tell  what  he  knew  he  would  find  out  from  Mrs.  Waite. 
Not  being  able  to  find  out,  he  had  persuaded  the  woman 
to  run  off  Avith  him  and  take  her  child,  and  he  had  left 
his  own  wife,  saying  that  fair  exchange  was  no  robbery. 
AVaite  took  his  little  girl  and  departed  for  Michigan, 
and  the  flavor  held  Burgess,  alias  ^^'aite,  for  a  requisi- 
tion from  the  Governor  of  that  State.     After  a  sufficient 


LYNCHBUEG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        337 

time  had  elapsed  and  nothing  had  been  heard  from  Mich- 
igan the  prisoner  was  discharged.  Burgess  said  he  in- 
tended to  remain  in  Lynchburg,  and  to  lead  a  new  life ; 
so  he  bought  the  store  of  W.  D.  Hix,  and  started  busi- 
ness again.  This,  however,  did  not  continue  long,  for 
on  August  27  he  suddenly  left  town,  and  has  not  been 
heard  of  since.  The  store  he  left  about  as  he  had 
gotten  it,  and  Mr.  Hix  did  not  lose  fifty  dollars. 

Another  excitement  followed  this,  when,  at  the  con- 
vention in  Richmond,  August  4,  Major  John  "\V.  Dan- 
iel was  nominated  for  Governor.  The  people  of 
Lynchburg  rejoiced  at  the  distinction  conferred  upon 
their  fellow-townsman,  and  arranged  for  a  great  ova- 
tion on  the  night  of  the  12th.  The  houses  were  deco- 
rated with  flags  and  bunting  and  many  were  illumi- 
nated; the  Blues  fired  a  salute  from  Amherst  heights,  and 
a  long  torchlight  procession,  headed  by  the  band  and 
military  companies,  marched  through  the  crowded 
streets.  When  the  Opera  House  was  reached  the  column 
halted,  and  as  many  as  could  went  in.  J.  S.  Diggs 
offered  a  series  of  resolutions  pledging  the  support  of 
Lynchburg  to  the  Democratic  nominee,  and  then  the 
meeting  called  for  Major  Daniel.  R.  G.  H.  Kean 
introduced  him,  and  amid  a  storm  of  applause  the  gal- 
lant Lynchburger  limped  to  the  front  and  eloquently 
addressed  his  own  people  on  the  issues  of  the  canvass. 
It  seemed  that  even  the  heavens  were  joining  in  the 
illumination,  for  this  same  night  a  great  comet  appeared. 

The  first  train  over  the  Richmond  and  Alleghany 
road  arrived  here  August  17,  and  on  the  21st  the  Third 


338  LYNCHBUEG    AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

Presbyterian  church,  on  Daniel's  Hill,  was  organized 
by  Rev.  W.  T.  Hall,  D.  D.,  and  Major  T.  J.  Kirk- 
patrick  and  S.  M.  McCorkle. 

The  notes  of  joy  were  soon  supplanted  by  the  low 
notes  of  sorrow,  for,  after  all  that  medical  skill  and 
scientific  nursing  could  do,  James  A.  Garfield,  presi- 
dent of  the  United  States,  died  September  19,  the 
victim  of  an  assassin's  wickedness.  Now  all  political 
divisions  and  sectional  lines  were  obliterated  and  the 
whole  country  bent  in  mournful  mood  over  the  bier  of 
their  dead  chieftain.  Lynchburg  called  a  public  meet- 
ing, over  which  Judge  James  Garland  presided.  Res- 
olutions were  passed  abhorring  the  atrocious  act  of  the 
assassin,  expressing  sympathy  with  the  mother,  wife 
and  children  of  the  deceased,  and  calling  upon  the 
Mayor  to  issue  a  proclamation  in  regard  to  suitable 
observances  on  the  day  of  the  funeral.  Mayor  Wing- 
field  telegraphed  the  city's  condolence  and  received  a 
reply  from  J.  G.  Blaine,  Secretary  of  State.  When  the 
26th,  the  day  of  the  funeral,  arrived,  all  business  was 
suspended  from  11a.  m.  to  3  p.  m.;  the  public  build- 
ings and  many  private  houses  were  draped,  the  bells 
tolled  and  the  hush  of  sorrow  was  upon  the  city.  Joint 
services  were  held  at  several  of  the  churches,  and  the 
colored  societies  showed  their  respect  for  the  occasion 
by  parading  the  principal  streets. 

The  political  situation  in  the  State  had  become  very 
interesting,  and  as  the  time  of  the  election  drew  near 
the  interest  increased.  Lynchburg  nominated  J.  S. 
Diggs  as  the  State  Senator.     When  the  news  of  the 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        339 

election  came  Major  Daniel  was  defeated,  and  W.  E. 
Cameron,  the  Mahone  candidate,  was  elected.  The 
influence  of  the  Readjusters  was  still  strong,  and  had 
much  to  do  with  the  defeat  of  Major  Daniel,  who  was 
a  pronounced  Funder. 

The  coming  generation  came  in  for  its  share  of 
notice  November  29,  when  thirty  babies,  in  their  car- 
riages, paraded  the  streets.  What  a  sight  it  was,  and 
especially  to  the  parents  ;  but  the  old  bachelors  and  the 
maidens  from  thirty  to  fifty  fretted  and  complained 
because  the  sidewalk  was  obstructed  by  baby  carriages. 
Some,  however,  dared  to  say  that  envy  was  the  real 
cause  of  the  complaint.  The  baby  show  was  a  success, 
and  each  of  the  young  men  and  women  who  were  in  it 
may  have  the  satisfaction  of  knowing  that  he  was 
thought  the  most  beautiful  baby — by  his  own  father 
and  mother. 

This  year  death  claimed  some  useful  citizens.  John 
M.  Miller,  a  prominent  citizen  and  excellent  busi- 
ness man,  died  January  25,  and  Powell  Kinnear,  a 
promising  young  man,  March  7.  Rev.  Fielding  W. 
Morris,  colored,  the  respected  pastor  of  Court  Street 
Baptist  church,  died  March  15.  T.  J.  Jellis,  for  a 
long  time  connected  with  the  Virginia  and  Tennessee 
road,  died  September  27,  and  William  T.  Booker,  a 
well-known  citizen,  December  5. 

The  signs  of  prosperity  that  marked  the  past  year 
were  not  wanting  in  1882.  The  principal  question 
before  the  people  at  the  beginning  of  the  year  was  that 
in  regard  to  the  reorganization  of  the  fire  department. 


340  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

Ever  since  Lynchburg  was  started  it  had  been  protected 
against  fire  by  volunteer  companies,  and  now  the  pro- 
position for  a  paid  fire  department  was  brought  up. 
The  question  was  discussed  at  the  November  meeting 
of  the  council,  and  was  compromised  at  the  next  meet- 
ing by  having  paid  drivers  for  the  apparatus.  This 
did  not  prove  satisfactory,  and  it  was  proposed  to  have 
electric  fire  alarms,  and  to  reorganize  the  volunteer 
companies,  but  this  was  impracticable,  and  there  seemed 
to  be  nothing  left  except  to  have  a  paid  department. 
The  question  was  by  no  means  settled,  and  would  not 
be  for  some  time  to  come.  The  colored  Presbyterian 
church  on  Clay  street  was  destroyed  by  fire  January 
27,  the  second  church  ever  burned  in  Lynchburg. 

The  new  Wood  pump  had  failed  to  come  up  to  con- 
tract and  had  to  be  rejected.  Many  were  the  signs 
of  progress;  a  new  dam  across  the  river  was  being 
built  by  the  Richmond  and  Alleghany  road  for  right  of 
way  through  the  city.  Sixty  thousand  dollars  was  raised 
for  a  manufacturing  company  called  the  Lynchburg 
Foundry  and  Machine  Works,  afterwards  the  Glamor- 
gan Company.  The  Lynchburg  and  Southwestern  road 
had  been  incorporated,  and  eiforts  were  made  to  start  a 
new  bank,  the  Commercial,  which  was  opened  the  next 
summer,  with  John  W.  Daniel  president,  S.  P.  Halsey 
vice-president,  and  James  F.  Ivinnier  cashier. 

May  brought  another  small-pox  scare,  and  it  was  not 
without  foundation,  for  five  cases  were  known  and  per- 
haps some  others.  About  the  same  time  all  the  houses 
in  the  city  were  renumbered  preparatory  to  a  free  mail 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        341 

delivery.  A  railroad  from  Lynchburg  to  Pittsburg 
was  proposed,  but  did  not  materialize.  The  Bonsack 
Cigarette  Machine  Company  was  organizing,  and  gave 
promise  of  great  success,  and  in  October  the  improve- 
ment of  Courthouse  Hill  was  begun  with  the  expecta- 
tion of  putting  a  fountain  in  place  of  the  old  hose 
house.  The  usual  fair  was  held,  but  Lynchburg  was 
much  disturbed  over  the  report  that  the  Norfolk  and 
Western  railroad  contemplated  moving  its  offices  and 
shops  from  here  to  Roanoke,  a  place  just  started  at  the 
junction  of  that  road  and  the  Shenandoah  Valley. 
Great  resentment  was  felt  in  view  of  the  fact  that  the 
town  had  struggled  so  hard  to  build  the  road,  and  now 
it  was  to  be  used  against  it.  "  How  sharper  than  a 
serpent's  tooth  to  have  a  thankless  child."  The  rumor 
proved  to  be  true,  and  soon  everything  that  could  be 
moved  was  moved,  and  Lynchburg  left  to  make  the 
best  of  it. 

Since  the  war  there  had  been  no  Young  Men's 
Christian  Association  except  for  a  short  while.  Realiz- 
ing the  good  it  had  done,  some  of  the  citizens  called  a 
meeting  at  Holcombe  Hall,  October  31,  and  a  new  as- 
sociation was  organized.  The  next  month  the  Chamber 
of  Commerce  was  organized,  with  George  M.  Jones 
president.  At  the  November  election  the  Democrats 
were  successful,  and  on  the  11th  the  victory  was  cele- 
brated by  a  torch-light  procession  and  public  speaking. 
A  new  paper.  The  Lynchburg  Gazette,  was  started  by 
Pollock  and  Buehner.  But  the  most  important  event 
was  that  which  took  place  December  23.     The  bar  had 


342  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

tendered  to  Judge  James  Garland  a  banquet  on  June 
6,  in  honor  of  hia  ninetieth  birthday,  and  now  as  he 
was  about  to  retire  from  the  bench,  farewell  ceremonies, 
suitable  to  the  occasion,  were  held.  K.  G.  H.  Kean 
spoke  and  then  read  the  following  resolutions  adopted 
by  the  bar: 

Whereas,  The  term  of  service  of  Honorable  James  Garland,  the 
venerable  Judge  of  the  Corporation  Court  of  Lynchburg,  has  now 
drawn  to  a  close,  and  he  full  of  honors  and  years  is  about  to  withdraw 
to  private  life  after  an  active  and  distinguished  pursuit  of  the  legal 
profession  for  a  period  of  seventy  years,  the  last  twelve  of  which 
have  been  devoted  to  a  full,  zealous  and  able  discharge  of  all  the 
duties  pertaining  to  the  judgeship  of  the  Corporation  Court  of  the 
city  of  Lynchburg,  therefore  be  it — 

Resolved,  By  the  Bar  of  L^mchburg.  1 .  That  we  tender  to  Judge 
Garland  this  evidence  of  our  admiration  and  regard  as  well  as  a 
recorded  testimony  to  the  ability,  fidelity,  efficiency,  courtesy  and 
impartiality  with  which  this  court  has  been  administered  by  him 
from  the  time  of  its  organization  to  this  hour. 

2.  That  in  his  return  to  private  life  Judge  Garland  carries  with 
him  the  hearty  reverence  and  good  wishes  of  every  member  of  the 
Bar. 

3.  That  we  indulge  the  hope  that  the  evening  of  hia  unusually 
long,  laborious  and  useful  career  may  be  calm,  happy  and   peaceful. 

4.  That  R.  G.  U.  Kean  be  deputed  on  belialf  of  the  Bar  to  present 
these  proceedings  to  Judge  (iarland  in  court  on  the  last  day  of  the 
December  term,  1882,  and  request  that  they  be  entered  upon  the 
order  book  of  the  court. 

Judge  Garland  seemed  to  be  greatly  moved,  and 
made  a  feeling  response.  He  was  a  strong  man  and  in 
many  respects  remarkable.  Tliough  totally  blind,  his 
other  faculties  were  well  preserved,  and  he  was  an 
efficient  judge  even  in  his  ninety-first  year.  He  began 
the  practice  of  law  in  1812,  represented  this  district  in 


Ly^lvCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  343 

Congress  1835  to  1841;  was  commonwealth's  attorney 
from  1852  to  1870,  and  judge  of  the  court  from  1870 
to  1883.  He  was  succeeded  by  Charles  P.  Latham, 
January  1. 

Lynchburg  had  lost  some  good  citizens  this  year. 
James  F.  Payne  died  February  3;  Wister  Langhorne, 
April  2;  Captain  Samuel  A.  Bailey,  at  onetime  mayor, 
April  27;  and  October  3,  Charlie  Jones,  a  bright  young 
man,  was  run  over  by  the  shifting  engine  and  killed. 
On  the  29th,  Mrs.  Margaret  Cabell,  the  author  of 
"Sketches  and  Recollections  of  Lynchburg,"  died; 
November  2,  AV.  F.  Saunders  and  W.  F.  Hickey  died; 
and  Clifford  Statham,  the  postmaster,  on  the  19th. 

The  year  1883  opened  as  auspicously  as  the  several 
preceding,  and  the  city  continued  its  progress.  There 
were  several  changes  in  the  churches.  Rev.  George  C. 
Vanderslice  had  succeeded  Rev.  J.  S.  Hunter  at  Cen- 
tenary, Rev.  J.  M.  Rawlings  was  pastor  at  the  Second 
Presbyterian  church,  and  the  Rev.  Dr.  S.  B.  Souther- 
land  at  the  Methodist  Protestant,  Court  Street  began 
a  movement  February  25  for  a  new  Methodist  church, 
corner  Ninth  and  Floyd  streets,  and  on  the  27th  the 
Baptist  Convention  met  here.  April  27,  the  State 
Convention  of  the  Y.  M.  C.  A.  also  met  here. 

This  same  month  the  negroes  in  the  tobacco  factories 
struck  for  higher  wages,  and  the  new  reservoir  on  Clay 
street  was  begun. 

The  question  about  the  paid  fire  department  had  not 
been  fully  settled.  March  28,  Alexander  Thurman  was 
elected   chief,  and  the   work   of  organization  started. 


344  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

The  Fifth  Street  station  had  been  finished,  and  in  May 
the  Gamewell  electric  fire  ahirm  was  in  operation. 
None  dreamed  of  the  fearful  experience  that  awaited 
the  new  department  so  early  in  its  history. 

There  was  nothing  unusual  in  the  early  morning  of 
May  30.  It  was  a  hot,  dusty  day  and  business  was 
moving  along  as  usual,  when  about  ten  o'clock  the  city 
was  startled  by  a  rude  alarm  of  fire.  The  alarm  came 
from  the  box  at  Main  and  Ninth  streets,  and  before  the 
fire  department  arrived  Jones,  Watts  Brothers  &  Cos'. 
big  iron  front  hardware  store  seemed  to  be  in  a  blaze 
from  bottom  to  top.  It  seems  that  a  clerk  threw  a 
lighted  paper  upon  the  basement  floor  where  the  oil 
was  kept,  and  it  immediately  caught  fire.  The  elevator 
shaft  was  open  and  the  building  caught  so  quickly  that 
there  was  not  time  to  close  the  safe.  The  newly 
organized  department  began  to  fight  the  fire  in  earnest, 
but  it  was  powerless.  The  streams  of  water  seemed  to 
feed  the  flames,  and  soon  the  Virginian  Building,  corner 
Main  and  Tenth  street,  was  a  fire.  Then  the  Sample 
Room,  a  tailor  shop,  a  frame  stable  corner  Church  and 
Tenth  streets,  Peters  &  Flood's  tobacco  factory  and  two 
frame  houses  on  Church  street  caught,  and  were  soon 
wrapped  in  flames.  Holcombe  Hall,  Friends'  ware- 
house, Mrs.  C.  J.  M.  Jordan's  house  and  several  other 
buildings  caught,  but  were  extinguished  before  much 
damage  was  done.  At  one  time  it  seemed  as  if  two  or 
three  blocks  would  be  destroyed,  but  fortunately  the 
wind  changed  and  they  were  saved.  The  people  were 
almost  frantic,  and  once  it  looked  as  if  there  would 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        345 

be  a  riot ;  men  wanted  to  take  the  hose  from  the 
firemen.  The  Home  Guard  and  the  Blues  were  called 
out  to  preserve  order,  and  they  had  scarcely  gotten 
on  the  p-round  when  another  disturbance  arose  and 
a  race  riot  was  imminent.  The  fire  was  at  length 
confined  to  the  buildings  already  burning,  and  the 
firemen  turned  their  attention  to  them.  Edward  Mc- 
Crossin  and  W.  P.  Redman  climbed  to  the  top  of 
the  reelincr  iron  front  of  the  hardware  store  to  attach 
a  rope  in  order  to  pull  it  down,  before  it  fell  and 
killed  some  of  the  men.  This  was  successful,  and  when 
it  was  over  the  Virginian  Building  blazed  up  and  Halsey 
Gouldman,  J.  A.  Vaughan,  J.  T.  Clement,  Captain  W. 
R.  Moore  and  Felix  Delbelvre  went  into  the  house  with 
two  streams  of  water.  They  had  been  there  about 
thirty  minutes  when  the  division  wall  fell  with  a  crash 
and  buried  them  beneath  its  ruins.  A  shudder  of 
horror  went  throuo^h  the  crowd  as  soon  as  it  was  learned 
that  the  men  were  buried  under  the  hot  bricks.  The 
citizens  rushed  in  to  help  remove  the  debris  and  it  was 
with  difficulty  that  the  police  and  the  military  com- 
panies could  keep  them  back  and  prevent  other 
accidents.  Willing  hands  worked  for  hours  searching 
for  the  bodies.  None  thought  that  any  escaped  death, 
and  they  were  correct,  for  when  the  bodies  were  reached 
it  was  found  that  they  had  been  killed  almost  instantly. 
Besides  the  great  loss  of  property  in  this,  the  most 
disastrous  fire  ever  known  in  Lynchburg,  the  awful 
death  of  these  brave  men  carried  sorrow  to  every  heart. 
The  city  council  called  a  meeting  that  night  to  honor 


346  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

the  heroic  dead,  to  arrange  for  their  funeral,  and  to 
have  a  monument  erected  to  their  memory  by  the  city. 

The  funeral  was  appointed  for  Thursday,  May  31, 
at  4  p.  M.,  at  the  Opera  House.  When  the  time  ar- 
rived all  business  was  suspended,  the  houses  were  draped 
and  the  streets  were  crowded  with  people.  The  five 
caskets  rested  in  front  of  the  stage,  and  every  available 
space  in  the  building  was  occupied  by  citizens  eager  to 
show  their  last  respect  to  the  brave  men.  Eevs.  T.  M. 
Carson,  S.  B.  Southerland,  G.  C.  Vanderslice,  W.  T. 
Hall,  W.  E.  Edwards,  and  W.  R.  L.  Smith  took  part 
in  the  service,  and  Major  John  W.  Daniel  delivered 
the  funeral  oration.  After  these  ceremonies  were  con- 
cluded the  longest  procession  ever  witnessed  in  Lynch- 
burg, consisting  of  the  white  and  colored  military  com- 
panies, various  orders  and  associations,  fire  companies, 
city  officials  and  citizens  took  up  its  line  of  march  to 
the  Presbyterian  cemetery.  There  the  services  at  the 
grave  were  performed  l^y  Revs.  J.  H.  Williams,  R.  R. 
Acree  and  J.  M.  Rawlins. 

A  subscription  for  the  widows  and  orphans  of  the  dead 
firemen  was  at  once  started,  and  in  a  few  days  after  the 
funeral  a  mass  meeting  was  called  at  tlie  Opera  House 
to  arrange  for  the  investment  of  the  funds  raised.  Peter 
J.  Otey,  N.  R.  Bowman,  R.  L.  Waldron,  Charles  M. 
Blackford,  and  W.  A.  Strother  were  appointed  trustees. 
The  total  amount  was  three  thousand,  four  hundred  and 
sixty-eight  dollars.  Later  the  council  decided  that  in- 
stead of  a  monument  in  the  cemetery  it  would  erect  a 
memorial  fountain  at  the  foot  of  Courthouse  Hill.    This 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        347 

was  done  and  the  fountain  stands  there  today  as  Lynch- 
burg's recognition  of  the  brave  deed  of  these  faithful 
men. 

The  people  did  not  rapidly  recover  from  the  effects 
of  the  terrible  calamity,  and  for  many  years  afterward 
this  day  was  referred  to  as  one  of  the  saddest  in  the 
city's  history.  However,  there  were  some  events  of  a 
social  nature  during  the  summer  mouths.  Father  Ryan, 
the  Southern  poet,  lectured  here  July  2,  and  ou  the 
4th  the  State  regatta  was  held  here,  and  the  Appo- 
mattox and  Potomac  boat  clubs  won  the  prizes.  On 
the  25th,  the  city  was  crowded  with  delegates  to  the 
Democratic  State  Convention.  C.  A.  Licklider  had 
been  engaged  as  the  secretary  of  the  Young  Men's 
Christian  Association,  and  on  August  2  permanent 
rooms  were  opened  on  the  second  floor  of  the  building 
on  the  south  corner  of  Eighth  and  Main  streets. 

The  great  fire  had  taught  the  city  a  lesson,  and  in 
June  the  organization  of  the  paid  fire  department  was 
completed ;  and  this  was  none  too  soon,  for  within  two 
months  a  species  of  vandalism  began  which,  though 
unwelcome,  was  by  no  means  unknown.  W.  B.  Snead's 
shop  was  set  on  fire  August  12  ;  then  closely  following 
this  was  another  and  another,  and  on  the  29  th  six  old 
buildings,  including  outhouses,  stables  and  shops,  were 
set  on  fire.  Sometimes  the  fire  department  was  kept  going 
all  night,  scarcely  putting  out  one  fire  before  another 
would  break  out.  This  was  kept  up  through  August, 
September  and  October,  and  the  whole  city  was  stirred 
over  it,  many  being  afraid  to  go  to  bed  for  fear  their 


348  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

property  would  be  burned  up.  Nearly  every  day  the 
papers  would  have  reports  headed  "  Two  Incendiary 
Attempts,"  "  More  Fires/'  "  The  Incendiary  Does  Not 
Let  Up."  The  mayor  offered  a  reward  of  $500  to  the 
one  who  should  catch  the  rascal,  and  several  arrests 
were  made  ;  but  the  evidence  necessary  for  conviction 
was  lacking,  so  the  parties  were  turned  loose.  Novem- 
ber 15  Moses  Lacy's  stable,  on  Church  street,  near 
Twelfth,  was  fired.  As  soon  as  the  alarm  was  sounded 
Sergeant  Samuel  Johnson,  Samuel  T.  Sutor  and  J.  R. 
Coombs,  who  were  on  Diamond  Hill,  separated  and 
came  down  towards  the  fire,  in  order  to  catch  the  incen- 
diary if  he  came  that  way.  Just  as  Mr.  Sutor  got  to 
C.  E.  Heald's  back  fence  he  met  a  man  getting  over 
the  fence.  He  drew  his  pistol  and  halted  him,  and 
soon  the  officers  came  up  and  carried  him  to  jail.  The 
prisoner  was  Harrison  Crews,  the  negro  baker  at  the 
Norvell  House.  He  had  been  at  the  incendiary  busi- 
ness for  more  than  three  months,  and  during  that  time 
had  several  times  set  fire  to  the  Norvell  House  stable, 
once  while  an  officer  was  in  the  building  to  prevent  it 
from  being  fired.  Crews  was  tried  at  the  December 
term  of  court,  and  was  convicted  upon  his  own  confes- 
sion and  given  twenty-six  years  in  the  penitentiary, 
where  he  is  still  looking  after  fires,  but  in  the  capacity 
of  a  cook.  Some  thought  his  sentence  very  light, 
others  thought  it  heavy  enough  for  him,  but  that  there 
were  others  engaged  in  this  nefarious  business  who, 
though  innocent  of  being  caught,  were  not  innocent  of 
being  parties  to  the  crime.     However,  when  Crews  was 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        349 

behind  the  bars  the  incendiary  fires  ceased,  and  the  fire 
department  and  the  people  felt  a  great  relief. 

The  election  came  off  in  November,  and  the  Mahone- 
ites  were  overwhelmingly  defeated,  the  legislature  being 
Democratic  by  a  large  majority.  This  was  especially 
gratifying  to  the  people  of  Lynchburg,  for  the  evil 
effects  of  Mahoneite  political  trickery  had  been  felt  in 
many  ways,  and  in  none  more  than  in  putting  improper 
men  in  places  of  responsibility  as  a  reward  for  their 
political  machinations.  The  city  expressed  its  joy  over 
the  victory  in  the  greatest  celebration  of  the  kind  it 
ever  held.  The  whole  place  was  illuminated,  cannons 
boomed,  bells  rang,  tin  horns  sounded  over  the  hills, 
and  a  large  torchlight  procession  paraded  the  streets 
until  the  time  for  political  speaking  at  one  of  the  ware- 
houses. 

This  year  there  had  been  only  two  deaths  among  the 
leading  citizens — James  O.  Williams,  October  10,  and 
Dr.  Robert  Early,  December  29. 

The  capitalists  of  Lynchburg,  always  careful  with 
their  money,  had  begun  to  invest  in  other  manufactur- 
ing enterprises  besides  that  of  tobacco,  and  the  effects 
were  beginning  to  tell  upon  the  prosperity  of  the  town. 
The  Old  Dominion  Nail  and  Iron  Works  had  been 
organized  by  A.  H.  Leftwich,  and  the  rolling  mill 
property,  above  the  city,  had  been  secured  as  a  plant ; 
so  even  here,  at  the  beginning  of  1884,  there  was  good 
prospect  of  success.  On  every  side  marked  evidences 
of  success  could  be  seen.  But  the  people  of  the  Hill 
City  were  not  like  some ;  success  did  not  spoil  them. 


350  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

They  have  never  been  noted  for  overweening  pride  and 
haughty  manners — neither  have  they  been  the  slaves  of 
foolish  fashion,  but  have  gone  on  easily  and  naturally, 
feeling  themselves  as  good  as  the  best  and  sacrificing 
style  to  sense  and  comfort.  "Withal  a  remarkable  en- 
ergy, a  reasonable  conservatism  and  a  generous  hospi- 
tality have  been  distinguishing  characteristics  of  this 
people. 

Lynchburg  has  always  been  a  generous  patron  of 
music  and  literature,  and  has  given  a  helping  hand  to 
movements  looking  to  the  cultivation  of  these,  such  as 
the  Mozart  Association,  started  at  this  time. 

The  city  to  this  time  had  been  "  brilliantly  lighted  " 
with  gas-posts  here  and  there,  and  now  it  was  proposed 
to  introduce  a  new  light,  brighter  even  than  the  comet 
visible  January  28.  Six  or  eight  electric  lights  were 
put  upon  the  cupola  of  the  Courthouse,  and  on  March 
9  they  were  lighted.  Hundreds  of  people  turned  out 
to  witness  the  new  invention,  asking  in  amazement, 
"  What  will  man  do  next  ?"  The  test  w^as  so  satisfac- 
tory that  the  people  were  eager  to  have  the  city  lighted 
with  electricity,  and  P.  A.  Krise,  chairman  of  the  light 
committee,  soon  arranged  to  have  the  lights  in  op- 
eration. 

The  business  men  of  Lynchburg,  once  since  the 
war,  had  worked  hard  to  establish  a  cotton  mill  and 
had  failed.  The  Chamber  of  Commerce  took  the  mat- 
ter up  March  24,  and  again  tried  to  establish  the  en- 
terprise. Max  Guggenheimer,  Jr.,  R.  H.  T.  Adams 
and  S.  C.  Hurt  were  appointed  a  committee  to  solicit 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        351 

subscriptions  to  the  stock  of  the  new  company.  They 
worked  hard,  but  with  such  little  success  that  they 
abandoned  the  idea  for  several  months.  Again  they 
took  the  matter  up  and  pushed  it  with  some  success 
until  June,  when  it  was  again  given  up.  The  failure  of 
the  first  cotton  mill  perhaps  had  much  to  do  with  the 
failure  of  this  project. 

Some  events  of  interest  were  transpiring  in  church 
affairs.  West  End  Presbyterian  church,  which  was 
built  in  1881,  was  dedicated,  March  16,  by  Rev.  J.  M. 
Rawlings,  of  the  Second  church.  A  revival  of  much 
interest  was  conducted  at  the  Baptist  church  by  the 
pastor,  Kev.  W.  R.  L.  Smith,  at  which  there  were 
seventy  professions.  This  meeting  had  scarcely  closed 
when  one  was  started  at  Centenary  by  the  pastor.  Rev. 
George  C.  A-^anderslice,  assisted  by  Rev.  James  Howell. 
This  continued  until  May,  and  there  were  two  hundred 
and  sixty  conversions.  At  the  Young  Men's  Christian 
Association,  William  Cummings  had  succeeded  to  the 
secretaryship. 

The  Baptist  congregation  had  outgrown  the  capacity 
of  their  building  on  Church  street,  so  they  decided  to 
build  a  new  one.  A  lot  at  the  corner  of  Court  and 
Eleventh  streets  had  been  secured,  and  work  begun. 
Tuesday,  June  3,  the  corner  stone  was  laid.  It  was 
estimated  that  several  thousand  people  were  present, 
besides  the  Home  Guard,  Artillery  Blues,  Knights 
Templar  and  Masons.  Grand  Master  H.  W.  Mur- 
ray, assisted  by  Grand  Senior  Warden  A.  I.  Clark,  and 
Grand  Junior  Warden  R.  T.  Craighill,  laid  the   stone 


352  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

according  to  Masonic  rites.  Rev.  Drs.  W.  R.  L.  Smith 
and  C.  C.  Bitting  made  addresses,  Rev.  R.  R.  Acree 
conducted  the  devotional  service,  and  Rev.  Dr.  South- 
erland,  of  the  Methodist  Protestant  church,  pronounced 
the  benediction.  The  building  committee  of  the  new 
church  was  A.  W.  Talley,  N.  R.  Bowman,  William 
Hurt,  James  A.  Ford  and  F.  D.  Johnson. 

Trinity,  a  beautiful  chapel  erected  by  Centenary  church 
at  a  cost  of  eighteen  hundred  dollars,  was  dedicated  July 
20,  Rev.  George  C  Vanderslice  preaching  the  sermon. 

One  of  the  most  remarkable  railroad  accidents  on 
record  took  place  near  Lynchburg  Sunday  morning, 
June  29.  The  southbound  train  on  the  Virginia 
Midland  road,  due  here  at  5  A.  m.,  got  loose,  the  brake 
being  out  of  order,  and  in  turning  the  curve  at  the  en- 
trance from  Amherst  of  the  first  Orange  bridge  the  cars 
jumped  the  track.  They  plowed  up  the  timbers  of  the 
bridge  fearfully  until  the  ladies'  car  reached  the  second 
pier  and  the  train  stopped.  The  two  Pullman  cars,  being 
near  the  middle  of  the  first  span,  immediately  plunged 
through  to  the  water  beneath,  a  distance  of  more  than 
forty  feet.  When  the  cars  fell  they  did  not  strike  any 
of  the  timbers  of  the  bridge,  and  so  retained  their 
upright  position.  They  went  to  the  bottom  of  the 
river,  and  the  waters  covered  them  except  the  ventila- 
tors. In  the  first  car  were  four  women,  one  with  an 
infant  one  month  old,  and  ten  men,  and  in  the  second, 
ten  men.  The  only  passenger  awake  was  Captain 
Charles  M.  Blackford,  who  was  preparing  to  get  off  at 
Lynchburg.     There  was  no  jar,  so  the  passengers  were 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        353 

not  aroused  until  the  water  poured  in  upon  them. 
They  then  held  to  the  curtain  rods  to  keep  their  heads 
above  water.  James  Marks,  a  young  man  living  near 
the  river  on  the  Amherst  side,  saw  the  accident  and 
quickly  came  in  a  boat  with  an  axe  to  rescue  the  pas- 
sengers. His  father,  Thomas  Marks,  also  came.  A 
hole  was  cut  in  the  top  of  the  cars,  and  the  passen- 
gers drawn  out.  These  men  worked  heroically  to  save 
the  unfortunate  people,  as  did  Captain  Blackford,  who 
saved  C.  G.  Holland,  of  Danville,  just  as  he  was  sink- 
ing. At  first  it  was  thought  that  many  were  drowned, 
and  they  would  have  been  had  it  not  been  for  the  timely 
aid  of  the  young  man  in  bringing  the  axe.  Conductor 
King,  who  was  at  the  brake  on  the  end  of  the  ladies' 
car,  had  two  ribs  broken,  but  besides  this,  marvelous  to 
relate,  not  another  person  was  even  hurt.  The  wet 
passengers  were  brought  to  Lynchburg,  and  were  re- 
joiced that  they  were  unhurt  after  such  a  terrible  ex- 
perience. Nearly  all  the  valuables  were  found,  and 
the  cars  were  pulled  out  of  the  river,  repaired,  and 
again  put  on  the  road.  The  railroad  company  had  to 
pay  a  large  amount  of  damages,  and  thus  ended  this 
miraculous  affair. 

Lynchburg  looked  forward  with  pleasure  to  the  en- 
campment of  the  Third  Virginia  Regiment  at  the  Fair 
Grounds.  The  city  was  decorated  and  great  prepara- 
tions were  made,  so  that  when  the  soldiers  arrived  a 
royal  welcome  was  given  them. 

Politics  now  began  to  occupy  the  people's  attention. 
Grover  Cleveland  had  been  nominated  for  President  by 


354  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

the  Democrats,  and  James  G.  Blaine  by  the  Republi- 
cans, and  on  August  7,  the  Democratic  convention  at 
Roanoke  nominated  John  AV.  Daniel  for  Congress  from 
this  district.  Cleveland,  Hendricks  and  Daniel  clubs 
were  organized  in  different  parts  of  the  city,  and  flag- 
poles were  erected.  Not  since  the  war  had  there  been 
so  much  interest  shown  in  an  election.  A  great  Demo- 
cratic demonstration  was  held  November  3,  when  three 
thousand  were  in  line  with  torches  and  transparencies, 
and  on  every  side  was  a  magnificent  display  of  fire- 
works. The  procession  marched  to  Moorman's  ware- 
house, and  Judge  Waller  R,.  Staples  and  B.  B.  Mun- 
ford  addressed  the  citizens.  The  next  day  Grover 
Cleveland  was  elected  President  of  the  United  States, 
and  John  "VV.  Daniel  to  Congress.  The  people  were 
jubilant ;  they  could  scarcely  realize  that  the  Democrats 
had  for  the  second  time  since  the  war  elected  their  can- 
didate. Another  great  demonstration  was  held  Novem- 
ber 11  in  honor  of  the  victory. 

The  Virginia  Conference  met  at  Court  Street  church, 
November  12.  The  new  pastors  appointed  for  Lynch- 
burg were :  Rev.  Dr.  John  Hannon,  Memorial ;  Rev.  P. 
A.  Peterson,  Court  Street,  and  Rev.  J.  Powell  Garland, 
presiding  elder.  Soon  after  the  adjournment  of  Confer- 
ence, Sunday,  November  23,  Memorial  church  was  dedi- 
cated. Rev.  Dr.  David  Sullins  preached  the  sermon, 
from  Zachariah,  4 :  6,  and  the  trustees,W.  C.  Ivey,  J.  D. 
Bondurant,  J.  AV.  Dickerson,  C.  V.  Winfree,  J.  B.  AVin- 
free,  M.  N.  IMoorman,  R.  AA^  Morgan,  H.  Silverthorn 
and  John  P.  Pettyjohn,  presented  the  building  to  Rev. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        355 

Dr.  W.  E,  Edwards,  who  dedicated  it  to  the  worship 
of  God.  The  Sunday-school  was  organized  that  day. 
The  first  board  of  stewards  was  :  C.  V.  Winfree,  M. 
N.  Moorman,  H.  Silverthorn,  J.  B.  AVinfree,  W.  S. 
Southall  and  A.  Maupin. 

There  had  been  this  year  some  sad  deaths  of  prom- 
inent citizens.  February  23  A.  G.  Dabney,  an  old 
and  esteemed  citizen,  died  ;  and  on  April  1 1  Dr.  Henry 
Latham,  the  oldest  practitioner  in  the  city.  He  had 
lived  here  a  long  time  and  was  greatly  honored  for  his 
noble  qualities  of  head  and  heart.  The  next  day  Cap- 
tain Thomas  B.  Horton,  a  brave  Confederate  soldier, 
passed  away;  May  14  C.  H.  Rucker,  a  prominent  to- 
bacconist, died ;  Dr.  Robert  S.  Payne,  another  old 
physician  and  a  man  who  stood  high  in  the  regard  of 
the  people,  died  September  28 ;  and  November  20 
Captain  B.  H.  Nowlin,  a  well-known  citizen.  The 
saddest  death  of  the  year  was  December  19,  when  Rev. 
Edward  S.  Gregory  passed  away,  in  the  forty-first  year 
of  his  age.  He  was  a  good  man,  an  earnest  minister, 
and  a  writer  of  ability,  having  been  editor-in-chief  of 
the  Petersburg  Index-Appeal  when  he  decided  to  enter 
the  ministry.  After  a  brief  course  at  the  seminary  he 
was  ordained  here  at  St.  Paul's,  and  took  charge  of 
Epiphany  church.  Revs.  T.  M.  Carson,  J.  A.  Wil- 
liams, P.  A.  Peterson,  W.  T.  Hall  and  R.  R.  Acree 
took  part  in  his  funeral,  which  was  from  St.  Paul's 
church,  Sunday,  the  21st,  A  large  crowd  of  people 
gathered  to  show  the  last  mark  of  respect  to  the  gifted 
minister,  departed. 


356  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

The  union  services  of  the  week  of  prayer  at  the 
beginning  of  1885  were  of  so  much  interest  that  they 
continued  week  after  week  until  the  pastors  were  com- 
pelled to  bring  them  to  a  close. 

Early  in  the  year  the  people  of  Lynchburg  began  to 
look  forward  to  the  inauguration  of  Grover  Cleveland, 
the  first  Democratic  President  since  the  war.  The 
Lynchburg  Home  Guard,  Captain  M.  P.  Davis,  at- 
tended and  were  in  line,  and  a  large  crowd  of  Lynch- 
burg people  were  present. 

The  Rev.  Henry  Ward  Beecher  lectured  here  March 
18  on  "The  Reign  of  the  Common  People,"  and  in 
April  Rev.  Dr.  Guerrant  held  a  successful  revival  at 
the  First  Presbyterian  church.  The  same  month  Rev. 
T.  E.  Coulbourne  was  appointed  pastor  of  the  Meth- 
odist Protestant  church. 

The  question  of  a  railroad  from  Lynchburg  to  North 
Carolina,  which  had  several  times  been  before  the 
people,  was  again  up  for  discussion,  but  had  to  give 
way  to  the  Lynchburg  and  Southwestern  road.  A 
large  public  meeting  was  held  at  Moorman's  warehouse 
and  much  interest  was  shown  in  the  movement,  but 
when  the  vote  was  taken,  ]\Iay  28,  to  decide  whether 
the  city  should  subscribe  to  three  hundred  thousand 
dollars  of  its  stock,  twenty-one  hundred  voted  for  it  and 
two  hundred  and  seventy-five  against  it,  and  there  not 
being  three-fifths  of  the  registered  voters,  the  proposi- 
tion was  defeated.  The  fact  that  the  city  was  making 
large  expenditures  at  this  time  for  necessary  improve- 
ments may  have  had  some  effect  upon  the  vote. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        357 

Under  the  wise  management  of  Dr.  W.  H.  Dalanej, 
chairman  of  the  water  committee,  the  handsome  stone 
basin  of  the  Clay  street  reservoir,  corner  of  Sixth  street, 
was  completed  in  December,  1883,  at  a  cost  of  sixty- 
one  thousand,  four  hundred  and  ninety-two  dollars ; 
and  on  June  8,  this  year,  water  was  pumped  into  the 
second  basin,  corner  of  Seventh  street,  which  cost  forty- 
seven  thousand  dollars.  On  this  latter  occasion  the 
city  council,  water  committee  and  a  large  number  of 
people  were  present.  The  scene  reminded  one  some- 
what of  that  which  took  place  on  the  same  spot  more 
than  sixty  years  before. 

The  Methodists  of  the  city  were  very  much  interested 
on  the  subject  of  education,  and  July  15  a  meeting  was 
held  at  Court  Street  church  to  inaugurate  a  plan  to 
raise  one  hundred  thousand  dollars  to  endow  the 
Lynchburg  chair  of  English  at  Randolph-Macon  Col- 
lege. The  leaders  worked  earnestly  over  it,  and  in  a 
few  months  the  whole  amount  was  raised. 

Lynchburg  heard  with  sadness  the  news  of  General 
U.  S.  Grant's  death,  July  23,  for  it  honored  him  for  his 
chivalrous  treatment  of  General  Lee  at  Appomattox, 
when  he  refused  to  take  his  sword,  and  later,  when  there 
w^as  talk  of  punishing  General  Lee,  he  said  he  would  take 
the  field  in  his  defence.  These  two  acts  alone  endeared 
the  Federal  leader  to  every  Southerner,  and  especially 
to  the  Virginians. 

The  fair  this  year  was  of  special  interest ;  besides  a 
competitive  drill,  General  Fitzhugh  Lee,  the  candidate 
for  Governor,  was  to  be  present.     His  arrival,  October 


358  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

1 5,  was  made  a  great  occasion  ;  the  city  was  decorated 
with  flags  and  bunting,  and  great  crowds  of  people 
turned  out.  General  T.  T.  Munford  met  the  distin- 
guished visitor.  Then  followed  a  great  street  parade. 
There  were  in  line  Confederate  veterans  from  the  city 
and  the  surrounding  counties ;  Fitz  Lee  Troop,  Captain 
B.  W.  Bocock ;  Home  Guard,  Captain  P.  T.  Withers ; 
Artillery  Blues,  Lieutenant  S.  H.  Dillon ;  Lynchburg 
Eifles,  boys'  company,  Captain  John  Clark,  and  Alex- 
andria Light  Infantry,  Captain  Mushback.  General 
Lee  spoke  at  the  Fair  Grounds,  and  it  was  estimated 
that  ten  or  fifteen  thousand  people  were  present.  At 
night  a  political  meeting  was  held  at  Moorman's  ware- 
house, and  General  Lee  spoke  again  to  the  great  throng 
of  people. 

The  Presbyterian  Synod  met  at  the  Second  Presby- 
terian church  October  20.  Much  interest  centred  in 
this  meeting  because  of  the  trial  of  the  case  of  Rev.  F. 
P.  Ramsey  versus  The  Abingdon  Presbytery.  The 
presbytery  had  condemned  Mr,  Ramsey  for  teaching 
evolution  and  saying  that  Dr.  Woodrow's  theory  was 
not  contrary  to  the  Scriptures  nor  prejudicial  to  the 
church.  Mr.  Ramsey  appealed  on  the  ground  that  he 
had  been  condemned  without  a  trial  and  thus  done  a 
personal  injury,  and  that  the  condemnation  of  his  views 
were  unnecessary  and  hurtful  to  the  church.  After  a 
full  hearing  of  the  case  the  synod  sustained  the  presby- 
tery in  both  the  positions  it  had  taken. 

A  hotel  that  had  witnessed  the  growth  of  Lynchburg 
from  a  small  town  to  a  city  of  considerable  size  was 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        359 

now  about  to  pass  aAvay.  The  Norvell  House  was 
closed  November  1,  aud  R.  S.  Terry,  the  proprietor, 
made  arrangements  to  pull  the  old  building  down  at 
once  to  make  room  for  some  modern  storehouses. 

General  Fitzhugh  Lee  was  elected  Governor  Novem- 
ber 3,  and  there  was  great  rejoicing,  but  Lynchburg 
was  especially  gratified,  December  15,  when  John  W. 
Daniel  was  elected  to  represent  Virginia  in  the  United 
States  Senate.  In  honor  of  the  event  the  citizens  ten- 
dered Major  Daniel  an  elegant  banquet  at  the  Norvell- 
Arlington,  December  30. 

The  death  rate  among  the  well-known  citizens  was 
larger  this  year  than  it  had  ever  been  since  the  war. 
Rev.  E.  A.  Cumpston,  at  one  time  pastor  of  the  Second 
Presbyterian  church,  died  January  1,  and  on  the  12th, 
in  the  forty-ninth  year  of  his  age,  Aurelius  Christian 
died.  He  succeeded  Judge  James  Garland  as  common- 
wealth's attorney  in  1870  and  held  the  office  until  his 
death.  He  was  a  faithful  officer  and  an  honorable 
citizen.  The  bar  attended  the  funeral  in  a  body,  and 
at  the  February  term  of  court  resolutions  of  regard 
were  spread  upon  the  record,  and  C.  M.  Blackford,  T. 
N,  Williams,  J.  S.  Diggs,  Thomas  AVhitehead  and  W. 
V.  Wilson  made  appropriate  and  touching  remarks. 
March  26,  W.  C.  Biggers,  a  popular  young  man,  died ; 
April  9,  James  Matthias,  an  excellent  man  ;  1 2th,  J. 
R.  Guy;  16th,  Middleton  Chambers,  a  prominent  to- 
bacconist and  a  man  of  high  character  ;  May  5,  Isaac 
N.  Price,  the  last  of  the  "  night  watch,"  which  pre- 
ceded the  police ;  20th,  William  King,  the  teller  of  the 


360  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

People's  Bank,  and  a  man  of  integrity;  June  8,  Sidney 
Guggenheimer,  a  popular  young  business  man ;  July 
17,  William  P.  Percival,  an  old  and  well-known  citi- 
zen ;  20th,  Dr.  Frank  Spencer,  who  came  here  after 
the  war  and  built  up  a  large  practice.  August  8  the 
venerable  Judge  James  Garland  passed  away  in  his 
ninety-fourth  year.  He  was  a  man  of  high  character, 
and  a  judge  noted  for  integrity,  modesty  and  great  legal 
acquirements.  The  bell  on  the  court-house  tolled  on 
the  day  of  the  funeral  as  a  mark  of  respect.  At  the 
September  term  of  the  court  E.  S.  Brown,  C.  M.  Black- 
ford and  N.  C.  Manson,  the  committee  appointed, 
brought  in  suitable  resolutions,  which  were  recorded. 
Many  addressed  the  court  upon  the  life  and  character 
of  Judge  Garland,  after  which  Judge  Latham  adjourned 
the  court  in  honor  of  the  departed  jurist.  October  3 
John  O.  Taylor,  an  old  citizen,  died ;  and  on  the  1 8th, 
R.  L.  Waldron,  a  good  man  and  leading  citizen.  De- 
cember 24  a  sad  accident  occurred,  when  Thomas  J. 
Wade  went  into  the  room  where  his  dead  wife  lay,  and, 
through  mistake,  drank  carbolic  acid,  from  the  effects 
of  which  he  soon  died. 

Early  in  1886,  Rev.  Thomas  Needham  was  con- 
ducting a  successful  revival  at  the  First  Baptist  church, 
and  it  was  in  good  time  for  the  severe  fight  that  was 
soon  to  take  place.  A  petition  signed  by  twelve  hun- 
dred and  twenty-seven  citizens  was  presented  to  Judge 
Latham,  Marth  13,  requesting  him  to  order  a  local 
option  election.  At  first  it  could  not  be  determined 
who  got  up  the  petition ;  the  temperance  people  said 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        361 

they  did  not,  and  the  liquor  people  said  they  did  not. 
Afterwards  it  appeared  that  the  business  men  were  the 
originators  of  it,  in  order  to  have  the  question  settled, 
and  done  with.  There  being  more  than  the  number  of 
signatures  necessary.  Judge  Latham  appointed  Monday, 
April  26,  as  the  day  for  the  election. 

The  contest  was  just  beginning  when  the  E,ev.  Dr. 
W.  T.  Hall  published  an  open  letter  advising  that  the 
fight  be  kept  out  of  the  churches,  that  the  church  as  such 
had  nothing  to  do  with  it,  for  the  Scriptures  told  us  to 
drink  wine  moderately.  This  immediately  brought 
forth  the  church  people.  Dr.  John  Hannon  wrote  a 
long  reply  in  ^vhich  he  quoted  the  Presbyterian  church 
against  Dr.  Hall  and  in  favor  of  prohibition.  Then 
Revs.  J.  Powell  Garland,  W.  G.  Lumpkin  and  others 
replied.  For  weeks  the  papers  were  well  filled  with 
articles  relating  to  this  letter.  During  the  time  Rev. 
Dr.  Wharton,  a  Baptist  preacher  of  Baltimore,  spoke 
at  the  Opera  House  in  favor  of  local  option. 

There  was  cold  water  in  abundance,  April  1,  for  the 
river  was  twenty-four  feet  above  low  water,  but  did 
little  or  no  damage.  The  discussion  ceased  for  a  while  in 
order  that  the  people  might  turn  their  attention  to  a  reli- 
gious meeting  which  was  begun  at  the  Opera  House,  April 
9,  by  Moody  and  Sankey.  The  crowds  that  attended 
these  services  were  so  large  that  an  overflow  meeting 
had  to  be  conducted  by  Mr.  Sankey  at  Centenary 
church.  A  profound  impression  was  produced,  and  at 
the  hour  of  the  day  service  many  stores  closed  to  allow 
their  employees  to  attend.     The  city  pastors  worked 


ubZ  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

faithfully,  and  during  the  three  days  the  evangelists 
were  here  a  great  work  was  accomplished. 

This  meeting  had  scarcely  closed  before  the  prohibi- 
tion fight  was  resumed.  A  large  temperance  meeting 
was  held  at  the  skating  rink  on  Madison  street,  between 
Fourth  and  Fifth.  Rev.  James  Rawlings,  of  the 
Second  Presbyterian  church,  opened  with  prayer,  E. 
S.  Brown  introduced  Senator  Colquitt,  who  made  a 
strong  address,  and  he  was  followed  by  Honorable  John 
E.  Massie,  whom  Colonel  Thomas  Whitehead  intro- 
duced. A  great  crowd  of  people  were  present,  and 
enthusiasm  seemed  to  be  at  flood  tide.  A  few  nights 
later  a  meeting  of  the  colored  people  was  held  in  the 
same  place.  Rev.  H,  A.  Carroll,  G.  E.  Stevens  and 
Rev.  J.  H.  Taylor,  colored,  took  part. 

Excitement  was  increasing.  April  16,  the  anti-pro- 
hibitionists held  a  meeting  at  the  Arlington.  W,  A. 
Strother  was  elected  chairman  and  the  following  com- 
mittee on  resolutions  was  appointed :  Dr.  Benjamin 
Blackford,  L.  S.  Marye,  J.  H.  Flood,  Max  Guggen- 
heimer,  L.  M.  Kean,  A.  W.  Talley,  W.  L.  Moorman, 
Dr.  E.  A.  Craighill,  R.  S.  Terry,  Joseph  Cohn,  George 
Watkins  and  S.  M.  McCorkle.  Nearly  every  night  a 
meeting  was  held  by  one  side  or  the  other,  and  some 
nights  by  both.  L.  M.  Kean,  J.  H.  Flood  and  W.  A. 
HefFernan  spoke  at  the  Opera  House  for  the  "  wets," 
and  April  21,  R.  T.  W.  Duke  also  spoke  for  them  at 
the  same  place.  That  night  the  Business  Men's  Pro- 
hibition Club  met  at  the  Arlington.  John  P.  Petty- 
john called  it  to  order  and  J.  T.  Edwards  was  elected 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        363 

chairman,  and  R.  E.  Gish,  secretary.  W.  A.  Miller, 
M.  H.  Payne,  N.  R.  Bowman,  E.  L.  Bell,  James  Han- 
cock, F.  D.  Johnson,  T.  W.  Gilliam  and  C.  T.  Plunkett 
were  appointed  a  committee  on  resolutions.  At  the 
rink  Rev.  W.  H.  Brooks  and  D.  N.  Vassar,  colored, 
addressed  a  ''  dry  "  meeting.  Then  came  the  meeting  of 
the  Local  Option  State  Committee,  W.  W.  Smith  chair- 
man. Rev.  Dr.  J.  William  Jones  opened  with  prayer. 
R.  G.  H.  Kean  spoke  against  local  option  at  the  Opera 
House  on  the  23d,  and  the  same  night  the  speech  was 
reported  to  the  prohibition  meeting,  and  Rev.  P.  A. 
Peterson  replied.  The  next  night  Rev.  Dr.  Hawthorn 
spoke  at  the  rink,  and  there  was  unbomided  enthusiasm. 
Little  attention  w^as  paid  to  anything  now  but  the  fight 
on  hand.  On  the  street  corners,  at  the  hotels,  in  the 
stores,  everywhere  men  met,  there  were  long  and  hot 
discussions  on  the  subject,  and  nearly  every  one  wore 
either  the  blue  badge  of  the  temperance  people  or  the 
red  of  the  other  side.  The  last  speeches  were  on  Sun- 
day night ;  Bishop  A.  M,  Turner,  colored,  spoke  for 
the  "  drys  "  at  the  rink,  and  J.  H.  Rives  for  the  "  wets," 
at  the  Opera  House.  Monday  was  the  election,  and 
there  was  intense  excitement.  Many  of  the  women 
met  together,  and  furnished  lunches  for  the  temperance 
meeting  and  others  spent  the  day  at  the  prayer  meeting. 
When  the  vote  was  counted  it  stood  : 

For  License.  Against. 

First  Ward— First  precinct 535  297 

Second  precinct 356  156 

Second  Ward 563  289 

Third  Ward 833  357 

2,287  1,099  - 

Total,  3,386  ;  majority  for  license,  1,188. 


364  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

The  Virginian,  Colonel  Marye  editor,  said  :  "  There 
will  never  be  another  vote  in  Lynchburg  on  the  local 
option  bill ;  the  act  itself  will  be  swept  away."  Thus 
closed  the  first  and  bitterest  fight  of  the  kind  ever  held 
here. 

Good  resulted  from  the  contest,  for  after  the  election 
the  Liquor  Dealers'  Association  met  and  resolved  to 
amend  by  obeying  the  law  and  stop  selling  on  Sundays, 
to  minors,  etc,  April  30  the  anti-prohibitionists  met 
at  Holcombe  Hall  to  organize  for  the  work  of  temper- 
ance and  to  perfect  an  organization  for  the  wholesome 
and  rigorous  restriction  of  the  liquor  traffic.  Major  T. 
J.  Kirkpatrick  addressed  the  meeting,  and  then,  with- 
out further  work,  it  adjourned  sine  die. 

Lynchburg  had  long  needed  a  hospital,  so  in  May 
this  need  was  met  when  the  Marshall  Lodge  Home  and 
Retreat  was  opened — J.  P.  Bell,  president ;  T.  D.  Davis, 
vice-president ;  Dr.  C.  E.  Busey,  secretary;  T.  D.  Jen- 
nings, treasurer;  and  these,  with  Dr.  A.  I.  Clark,  Samuel 
D.  Preston,  R.  T.  Craighill,  Ed.  N.  Eubank,  R.  T. 
Aunspaugh  and  T.  M.  McCorkle,  constituted  the  board 
of  directors.  Mrs.  B.  B.  Cole  was  matron.  The  largest 
contribution  up  to  the  time  was  three  hundred  dollars 
by  J.  T.  Hegetschweiler. 

June  1  all  traffic  on  the  Norfolk  and  Western  road 
was  stopped  and  the  gauge  of  the  entire  road  from 
Bristol  to  Norfolk  was  changed  by  one  thousand  men 
in  eight  hours. 

This  same  month  the  proposition  for  the  road  to 
North  Carolina  began  to  take  definite  shape.     A  good 


LYNCHBURG ''and  ITS  PEOPLE.        365 

deal  of  stock  had  been  taken  privately,  and  on  the  16th 
the  question  as  to  whether  Lynchburg  should  subscribe 
to  two  hundred  and  fifty  thousand  dollars  worth  of  the 
stock  was  submitted  to  the  people  and  decided  in  the 
affirmative  by  a  vote  of  eighteen  hundred  and  seventy- 
three  to  two  hundred  and  ninety-eight. 

The  whole  town  was  much  excited  over  the  severe 
shaking  it  received  about  9:30  P.  M.,  August  31.  The 
earthquake  was  so  severe  that  beds  were  moved  from 
their  places,  furniture  thrown  down  and  bricks  shaken 
from  the  chimneys.  The  effects  here  were  not  serious, 
but  in  Charleston,  S.  C,  buildings  were  destroyed, 
great  damage  done  and  many  people  killed. 

A  large  crowd  assembled  at  the  First  Baptist  church 
September  12  to  witness  the  dedication.  Rev.  W.  R. 
L.  Smith  was  the  pastor  and  Milton  Holmes  leader  of 
the  choir.  Rev.  J.  S.  Massey  read  a  Scripture  lesson, 
and  the  venerable  Dr.  Ryland,  the  first  pastor  of  the 
church  on  Church  street,  gave  a  brief  sketch  of  the 
Baptists  from  the  time  he  came  here,  in  1828,  until  he 
left.  Rev.  Dr.  John  A.  Broaddus  then  preached  the 
dedicatory  sermon  from  Psalms,  122:1.  In  the  after- 
noon addresses  were  made  by  Rev.  Drs.  Penick  and 
Dickerson,  and  at  night  Drs.  Goodwyn  and  Hatcher 
spoke.  On  Monday  night  Rev.  T.  M.  Carson  preached, 
and  on  Tuesday  Rev.  W.  T.  Hall.  The  Baptists,  as 
well  as  the  city  at  large,  had  reason  to  be  proud  of  the 
beautiful  building. 

The  centennial  of  Lynchburg  was  this  year,  and 
already  there  had  been  talk  of  a  suitable  celebration. 


366  LYNCHBURG    AND  'ITS    PEOPLE. 

The  matter  took  form  when  a  public  meeting,  presided 
over  by  Mayor  N.  C.  INIanson,  was  held  at  the  Opera 
House,  September  16,  for  the  purpose  of  organizing 
the  work  by  the  appointment  of  committees  to  look 
after  the  various  interests.  Great  enthusiasm  was 
displayed  at  the  meeting,  and  when  the  gentlemen 
started  out  to  solicit  subscriptions  they  went  to  work 
with  a  vim,  and  were  encouraged  by  the  ready  re- 
sponses of  the  citizens.  Nor  was  Lynchburg  alone 
interested  in  the  movement — all  of  the  surrounding 
counties  hailed  the  proposed  celebration  with  delight. 
A  centennial  fair  was  decided  upon,  and  October  12  to 
15  was  fixed  as  the  time.  Among  those  who  took  the 
initiative  and  worked  faithfully  for  the  movement  were 
John  W.  Daniel,  Dr.  E.  A.  Craighill,  Alexander  Mc- 
Donald, Charles  M.  Blackford,  Max  Guggenheimer, 
Jr.,  E.  J.  Folkes,  Witt  &  Watkins  and  the  Tobacco 
Association.  Careful  preparations  were  made  for  a  big 
occasion  and  the  matter  widely  and  judiciously  adver- 
tised, so  that  when  the  opening  day  arrived  the  attend- 
ance was  far  beyond  all  expectation.  The  city  was 
crowded  with  visitors,  the  number  of  which  Avas  esti- 
mated at  about  twenty-five  thousand.  Nearly  every 
house  was  tastefully  decorated,  and  across  the  streets  in 
many  places  were  hung  banners  with  words  of  welcome 
inscribed  upon  them  ;  in  fact  the  whole  city  was  in  hol- 
iday attire.  The  first  day's  exercises  were  opened  with 
prayer  by  Rev.  Dr.  John  Hannon,  and  the  address  of 
the  occasion  was  made  by  Major  John  W.  Daniel.  He 
spoke  eloquently  of  old  Lynchburg  and  then  reviewed 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        367 

its  present  prosperous  condition.  The  second  day  was 
marked  by  a  great  trades  parade,  and  by  other  inter- 
esting exercises  at  the  Fair  Grounds.  Captain  James 
Barron  Hope  read  the  centennial  ode,  composed  by 
him,  and  Charles  ^V.  Button  introduced  Kev.  Dr.  O. 
P.  Fitzgerald,  now  bishop,  who  at  one  time  was  a 
Lynchburger,  having  been  a  typesetter  in  the  Republican 
office.  He  made  a  characteristic  address  upon  *^  The 
Old  Boys  of  Lynchburg,"  in  which  he  spoke  of  many 
well-known  citizens  who  were  the  boys  of  his  day. 
The  next  day  there  was  a  competitive  drill,  in  which 
the  Home  Guard  won  the  prize,  and  other  features  of 
interest.  Every  one  pronounced  the  centennial  a  great 
success  and  the  fair  one  of  the  best  ever  held. 

As  a  sequel  to  this  celebration  the  centennial  oak  tree 
was  planted  at  the  Fair  Grounds  November  29,  and  a 
large  number  of  people  were  present  to  witness  the 
ceremony.  Alexander  McDonald  made  the  address, 
and  John  H.  Christian  read  a  poem,  written  for  the 
occasion  by  Mrs.  C.  J.  M.  Jordan,  entitled  "  Planting 
the  Centennial  Tree."  After  the  tree  was  placed  in  the 
ground,  Miss  Lizzie  Button  threw  in  the  first  shovel  of 
dirt  and  was  followed  by  many  others. 

There  were  two  other  events  in  November.  The 
election  came  off  and  Samuel  I.  Hopkins  was  elected  to 
Congress  over  Major  Samuel  Griffin,  the  regular  Demo- 
cratic nominee.  This  was  a  surprise  to  many,  but  every 
one  had  confidence  in  the  integrity  and  Christian  char- 
acter of  Mr.  Hopkins.  The  Young  Men's  Christian 
Association  had  bought  the  old  Baptist  church  on  Church 


368  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Street,  and  after  remodeling  it,  had  made  a  beautiful 
home,  which  was  opened  November  4.  Revs.  John 
Hannon,  George  C  Vanderslice,  and  T.  E.  Coulbourne 
took  part  in  the  services,  and  N.  C.  Manson,  mayor, 
and  Captain  L.  L.  ]\Iarks,  of  Petersburg,  made  addresses. 
The  building  cost  seventeen  thousand  dollars  complete, 
much  credit  for  which  is  due  C.  A.  Licklider,  who 
worked  hard  to  raise  the  full  amount  necessary. 

Some  changes  were  made  in  the  Methodist  churches  ; 
Rev.  H.  C  Cheatham  was  sent  to  Centenary ;  Rev. 
W.  A.  Laughon  to  Danielstown,  and  Rev.  Paul 
Whitehead  was  made  presiding  elder.  In  December, 
the  lot  corner  of  Clay  and  Seventh  streets  was  bought 
for  a  new  Episcopal  church,  and  on  the  10th  Booker's 
warehouse,  on  Lynch  street,  was  opened. 

Upon  the  death  roll  of  this  year  appear  the  names 
of  many  well  known  citizens,  the  first  being  that  of 
the  venerable  Ambrose  Page,  who  had  been  here 
seventy-six  years,  hav^ing  come  when  but  eight  years 
old.  He  died  January  2,  and  tlien  passed  away  a  man 
whose  life  was  nearly  co-extensive  with  the  city.  On 
the  18th,  Rev.  Dr.  R.  B.  Thomson  died  at  the  residence 
of  Mrs.  Grace  A.  Patteson,  corner  of  Eleventh  and 
Church  streets.  B[e  was  a  learned  man  and  noble 
Christian,  and  had  been  pastor  of  the  Methodist  Pro- 
testant church  here  and  president  of  Lynchburg  Col- 
lege. May  7,  P.  Clay  Grigsby,  a  teacher  in  the  public 
schools,  and  at  one  time  superintendent,  died.  Major 
John  S.  Langhorne,  Second  Virginia  Cavalry,  and  a 
man  of  strong  intellect,  passed  away  August  29.     W. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        369 

H.  Dudley,  a  young  lawyer,  died  in  Washington  Terri- 
tory, September  3,  where  he  had  recently  gone,  and 
his  remains  were  brought  here  for  interment.  John 
O.  Taylor,  a  successful  grocer,  died  on  the  10th,  and  on 
the  21st,  Rev.  Stockton  T.  Mosby,  a  young  Presby- 
terian minister  of  decided  talent  and  lovable  disposi- 
tion, having  just  completed  his  second  year  at  the  serai- 
nary,  went  down  to  the  tomb.  He  was  soon  followed 
by  three  other  young  men  of  promise,  Edwin  P.  Bow- 
yer,  J.  Braxton  Leftwich,  and  Charles  C.  Goggin. 
There  died  in  October  :  George  Lyman,  a  well-known 
citizen,  the  12th;  Henry  Sherman,  a  good  man,  16th; 
and  on  the  27th,  George  Baber,  a  Lynchburg  boy,  was 
burned  to  death  in  a  hotel  at  Pocahontas,  and  a  few- 
days  later  his  brother,  Charles  Baber,  died  from  injuries 
received  at  the  same  fire.  W.  C.  Burton,  an  old  citi- 
zen, died  December  8. 

January,  1887,  the  city  was  very  much  wrought  up 
over  a  case  similar  to  that  of  Jeter  Phillips.  T.  J. 
Cluverius,  after  a  long  trial,  had  been  condemned  to  be 
hanged  in  Richmond  for  the  murder  of  Fannie  Lillian 
Madison.  The  evidence  was  largely  circumstantial, 
and  there  was  some  division  of  opinion  as  to  his  guilt. 
He  had  been  once  reprieved,  and  many  hoped  he  would 
be  again.  When  the  14th,  the  day  of  execution,  arrived, 
large  crowds  gathered  around  the  bulletin  boards  to  hear 
■what  the  outcome  was.  There  was  great  excitement,  and 
when  the  news  came  that  he  was  hanged  some  felt  that 
justice  had  been  meted  out,  while  others  were  depressed 
by  the  thought  that  perhaps  an  innocent  man  had  died. 


370  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

There  were  many  evidences  of  Lynchburg's  con- 
tinued prosperity :  The  Glamorgan  Works  were  sold 
for  twenty-six  thousand  dollars,  and  H.  E.  McWane, 
who  reorganized  it,  started  it  on  its  present  prosperous 
career,  and  before  the  year  was  over  added  a  pipe 
foundry  to  it ;  the  Nail  and  Iron  Works  built  a  blast 
furnace,  and  enlarged  their  plant ;  the  Lynchburg 
Land  and  Improvement  Company  was  organized  about 
the  same  time ;  the  Virginian  Company,  J.  R.  Clark, 
president ;  Dr.  Ben  Blackford,  vice-president ;  E.  J. 
Folkes,  secretary  and  treasurer,  and  Alexander  INIc- 
Donald,  editor,  was  organized  to  succeed  Sherman 
Brothers,  in  publishing  the  paper ;  the  Lynchburg, 
Halifax  and  North  Carolina  road  consolidated  with  the 
Roxboro  and  Durham,  and  formed  the  Lynchburg  and 
Durham  road,  upon  which  work  was  begun  in  Septem- 
ber ;  and  a  large  number  of  buildings  were  going  up 
within  the  city. 

The  Peabody  Normal  School,  under  the  management 
of  E.  C.  Glass,  superintendent  of  schools,  opened  here 
June  22,  with  a  large  attendance  of  teachers.  There 
were  many  items  of  interest  among  the  churches  ;  a 
great  revival  at  Memorial,  under  Rev.  Mr.  Reney,  of 
North  Carolina,  had  resulted  in  two  hundred  and 
fifty  professions  of  religion ;  Rev.  Dr.  J.  M.  Rawlings 
preached  his  farewell  sermon  at  the  Second  Presbyte- 
rian church,  June  2G,  before  leaving  to  accept  the  chap- 
laincy at  the  University,  and  was  succeeded  by  Rev. 
R.  H.  Fleming,  who  was  installed  Noverber  27  ;  Rev. 
R.  R.  Acree  resigned  the  pastorate  of   College  Hill 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        371 

Baptist  church,  and  was  succeeded  November  22  by- 
Rev.  Calvin  G.  Jones  ;  Rev.  Dr.  John  Hannon  was 
ordered  to  San  Francisco,  and  Rev.  T.  McN.  Simpson 
was  sent  to  Memorial  in  his  place ;  Rev.  Edgar  Potts 
was  sent  to  Trinity ;  and  November  10  the  Baptist 
General  Association  met  here. 

President  Cleveland  was  expected  to  attend  the  fair 
this  year,  but  was  prevented.  However,  Governor  Lee 
came  and  made  an  address.  Shortly  after  the  fair 
closed  the  papers  began  to  discuss  Lynchburg's  need  of 
a  woman's  college,  but  nothing  came  of  it,  for  the 
riffht  man  to  undertake  the  work  could  not  be  found. 
The  city  had  always  felt  proud  of  its  military  companies, 
and  it  was  not  without  reason,  for  at  the  laying  of  the 
corner-stone  of  the  Lee  monument  in  Richmond,  Oc- 
tober 28,  the  Zouaves,  a  company  of  young  men,  attracted 
much  attention,  and  during  the  riot  at  Pocahontas,  No- 
vember 12,  the  Governor  ordered  the  Blues  and  the  Fitz 
Lee  Troop  to  quell  the  disturbance. 

Several  times  ineffectual  efforts  had  been  made  to 
establish  a  cotton  mill,  but  the  project  was  never  aban- 
doned. Max  Guggenheimer,  Jr.,  still  believing  that  it 
could  and  ought  to  be  built,  began  to  arouse  the  people 
on  the  subject,  and  soon  a  large  amount  of  the  stock 
was  taken,  George  W.  Palmer,  J.  P.  Pettyjohn  &  Co., 
and  S.  C.  Hurt  &  Son,  each  taking  ten  thousand  dol- 
lars' worth.  At  a  meeting  of  the  business  men  at  the 
Young  Men's  Christian  Association,  December  21,  it 
was  announced  that  stock  amounting  to  one  hundred  and 
two  thousand  dollars  had  been  taken  and  that  the  mill 


372  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

was  now  assured.  This  was  gratifying  news,  and  the 
city  looked  for  large  results  from  the  new  industry. 

Year  after  year  the  Great  Reaper  was  claiming  many 
of  our  citizens.  There  died  in  January  :  J.  O.  Wil- 
liams, a  good  man,  and  cashier  of  the  People's  National 
Bank  on  the  3d,  next  day  E.  B.  Estes,  an  old  citizen ; 
and  on  the  21st,  C  S.  Bliss,  a  prominent  merchant; 
April  23,  Mrs.  Ann  M.  Saunders,  a  noble  Christian 
woman,  in  her  eighty-fourth  year ;  and  on  the  26th, 
John  Okey,  a  good  citizen ;  May  23,  John  T.  Mur- 
rell,  a  prominent  merchant;  and  June  10,  Edward  D. 
Christian,  a  leading  citizen  and  successful  lawyer  here 
since  '49  ;  July  6,  Dr.  R.  H.  Lemmon,  a  young  physi- 
cian;  13th,  Edward  Norvell ;  31st,  Culvin  Ford,  and 
August  7,  Maurice  Moore,  two  aged  and  honored  cit- 
izens ;  September  5,  Thomas  V.  Strange  ;  October  25, 
James  T.  Barnett ;  November  11,  E.  A.  Button;  De- 
cember 14,  William  McNamara,  an  aged  Irish  citizen ; 
and  December  30,  John  H.  Seay,  the  oldest  merchant 
of  the  city  at  the  time  of  his  death,  and  an  excellent 
man. 

Why  should  not  Lynchburg  be  a  large  city?  It 
boasts  of  a  healthful  situation,  an  excellent  climate,  fine 
Avater  power,  and  good  facilities  for  transportation,  four 
railroads  centering  here.  And  it  seems  as  if  it  were  on 
the  road  to  better  things,  for  the  past  year  had  been  one 
of  great  activity.  Besides  the  enterprises  mentioned,  a 
chewing-gum  factory  and  pork-packing  establishment 
had  been  started,  a  belt  line  chartered,  and  the  whole- 
sale trade  was  rapidly  increasing. 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  373 

The  time  for  the  election  of  judge  of  the  hustings 
court  had  arrived,  and  A.  R.  Long,  S.  G.  Wingfield 
and  J.  S.  Diggs  were  mentioned  in  connection  with  it. 
Friends  of  each  one  pressed  their  claims  and  Mr.  Diggs 
was  elected. 

February  19  a  distinguished  visitor.  Dr.  Young  J. 
Allen,  an  important  officer  at  the  Chinese  court  and  a 
successful  missionary,  spoke  at  Court  Street  church. 

Colonel  George  W.  Carter,  after  his  reformation, 
lectured  on  temperance  at  the  Young  Men's  Christian 
Association  hall;  and  at  the  same  place,  March  14, 
Charles  Dickens,  son  of  the  novelist,  gave  a  reading 
from  his  father's  works. 

The  next  month  Carter  Glass  took  charge  of  the 
News  as  editor  and  proprietor. 

The  spirit  of  improvement  was  taken  up  by  1888 
and  carried  forward.  The  city  was  trying  to  get  a  gun 
foundry ;  a  new  pump  was  to  be  put  in,  electric  cars 
started,  a  new  union  depot  had  been  begun,  the  public 
building  begun  in  1885  was  completed  and  turned  over 
to  the  custodian  June  15  ;  a  site  for  the  cotton  mill 
near  the  intersection  of  the  Virginia  Midland  and  the 
Lynchburg  and  Durham  roads  had  been  chosen,  and 
the  company  organized,  with  G.  M.  Jones,  president ; 
Max  Guggenheimer,  Jr.,  vice-president,  and  J.  W. 
Watts,  secretary  and  treasurer.  Six  acres  of  ground 
had  been  secured  near  the  site  of  the  mill  for  a  colored 
Baptist  seminary,  and  July  19  the  corner-stone  of  the 
building  was  laid. 

Lynchburg  was  especially  interested  in  the  Presiden- 


374  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

tial  election  this  year,  because  with  Grover  Cleveland, 
Allen  G.  Thurman,  a  native  Lynchburger,  was  nomi- 
nated for  vice-president,  and  in  the  convention  Major 
John  W.  Daniel,  in  an  eloquent  speech,  seconded  the 
nomination.  When  the  news  of  the  nomination  reached 
here  a  salute  was  fired,  and  bandanna  handkerchiefs 
were  displayed  on  all  sides. 

At  the  fair  this  year  General  W.  H.  F.  Lee  made 
the  address,  and  on  the  night  of  October  4,  a  Con- 
federate reunion  was  held  at  Moorman's  warehouse. 
It  was  estimated  that  seven  hundred  veterans  were 
present.  Several  speeches  were  made,  and  a  poem, 
written  for  the  occasion  by  Mrs.  C.  J.  M.  Jordan,  was 
read,  after  which  a  bountiful  supper  furnished  by  the 
ladies  was  served.  This  was  the  last  gathering  at  the 
warehouse,  for  November  1  it  burned  up  with  several 
other  buildings,  making  a  loss  of  fifty  thousand  dollars, 
the  largest  fire  since  the  one  of  1883. 

The  election  came  off,  and  Lynchburg  had  high  hope 
of  again  seeing  a  Democratic  President,  but  was  disap- 
pointed, for  Harrison  and  Morton,  the  Republicans, 
were  elected.  Paul  Edmunds  was  elected  to  Congress 
from  this  district. 

The  churches  were  as  active  as  ever.  The  venerable 
Dr.  Leonidas  Rosser  w^as  holding  a  meeting  at  Court 
Street  when,  on  September  17,  as  the  congregation  arose 
to  sing,  W.  S.  Hughes  died  in  the  church.  October  7 
the  Diamond  Hill  Baptist  church,  colored,  was  dedi- 
cated. Rev.  R.  G.  Pearson  was  holding  a  successful 
meeting   at    the    First    Presbyterian   church,  and    the 


LYNCHBUEG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        375 

crowd  was  so  large  that  November  13  it  was  moved  to 
the  First  Baptist  church.  Bethesda  Presbyterian 
chapel  was  dedicated  December  9  by  Rev.  Dr.  W.  T. 
Hall ;  and  the  same  month  Rev.  Dr.  Jolm  E.  Edwards 
was  sent  to  Court  Street,  Rev.  G.  H.  Wiley  to  Trinity 
and  Rev.  W.  S.  Boggs  to  Danielstown. 

The  death  list  this  year  was  long.  February  1, 
Thomas  N.  Peak,  an  excellent  young  man,  died ;  the 
2d,  John  J.  Mays  ;  18th,  Judge  Gustavus  A.  Wingfield, 
for  sixteen  years  the  judge  of  the  Lynchburg  district ; 
28th,  J.  P.  Bell,  Jr.,  a  bright  young  man  ;  April  15,  J. 
Newton  Gordon,  a  prominent  lawyer,  and  on  the  same 
day,  Captain  Samuel  D.  Preston,  for  eighteen  years 
clerk  of  the  court  here — both  men  of  culture  and  piety; 
May  14,  Ammon  G.  Hancock,  one  of  Lynchburg's  old- 
est and  best  citizens;  June  16,  R.  F.  Henning,  another 
excellent  man  ;  June  17,  George  O'Brien,  and  July  19, 
Dr.  E.  G.  Vaughan ;  22d,  Thomas  Kyle ;  October  22, 
Stiles  Goggin ;  26th,  R.  J.  Ivey;  November  13,  S.  L. 
Moorman,  a  prominent  tobacconist ;  20th,  D.  B.  Payne, 
a  good  and  useful  citizen,  and  23d,  L.  E.  Stratton  was 
killed  on  the  Virginia  Midland  road;  December  12, 
John  T.  Davis,  an  old  citizen,  a  prominent  merchant 
until  his  retirement,  and  a  straightforward  man. 

The  year  1889  was  the  real  beginning  of  the  boom 
in  Lynchburg.  January  4  the  business  men  of  the  city 
held  a  meeting  at  the  Opera  House  to  organize,  so  as 
to  forward  industrial  enterprises.  N.  C.  Manson, 
Mayor,  was  chairman,  and  R.  H.  Glass,  Jr.,  secretary;  C. 
M.  Blackford,  W.  A.  Heffernan,  J.  W.  Daniel,  John 


376  LYNCHBUEG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

Clark  and  W.  H.  Payne  spoke.  There  was  great  en- 
thusiasm, and  it  was  decided  to  take  steps  at  once  to 
estal)lish  zinc  works  here,  much  stock  being  taken  that 
night.  Another  large  meeting  was  held  at  the  same 
place  on  the  10th,  and  the  Lynchburg  Land  and  Im- 
provement Company  was  organized  and  eight  thousand 
and  ninety-three  shares  of  stock  taken.  The  company 
secured  option  upon  eight  hundred  acres  of  land  west 
of  Lynchburg  and  work  was  soon  to  begin.  Following 
this  was  the  Lynchburg  Improvement  and  Manufac- 
turing Company,  R.  L.  Miller  president,  with  a  capital 
stock  of  one  hundred  thousand  dollars.  Then  came  the 
White  Lead  and  Color  Company,  J.  W.  Faulkner 
president,  and  the  Investment  and  Loan  Company,  A. 
W.  Butler  president.  Besides  the  zinc  works  there 
were  to  be  paint  works,  a  knitting  mill,  a  silk  factory, 
a  glove  factory,  a  woolen  mill,  a  car  plant  for  which 
one  hundred  and  eighty-three  thousand  dollars  was 
subscribed,  a  brass  foundry  and  a  paper  mill. 

Surely  these  were  stirring  times,  and  any  kind  of 
factory  could  be  started  if  only  one  could  think  of  one 
not  already  projected.  Lynchburg  was  to  be  the  Pitts- 
burg of  the  South,  and  in  three  years  was  to  have  one 
hundred  thousand  inhabitants.  Those  who  dared  to 
doubt  were  subjected  to  severe  criticism  and  were  called 
"  old  fogies."  Of  course  wealth  and  population  would 
pour  into  the  Hill  City  and  the  greatest  expectations 
would  be  realized.  Already  the  West  Lynchburg  Land 
Company,  John  D.  Holt  president,  had  secured  an 
engine  and    boiler  works  from  Williamsport,  Pa.,  and 


''       CHURCH 


LYNCHBUEG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        377 

in  the  summer  they  began  to  prepare  for  the  crowd  by 
laying  off  streets  and  avenues  through  their  property, 
as  did  the  South  Lynchburg  Company. 

Even  the  churches  caught  the  progressive  spirit. 
The  First  Presbyterian  church  contemplated  a  new 
building,  and  May  9  ground  was  broken  for  new  St. 
Paul's  on  Clay  street.  The  Methodist  Protestant  Con- 
ference was  here  April  3,  and  May  15  the  Episcopal 
Council.  Rev.  F.  F.  Bullard  succeeded  Rev.  E.  L. 
Waldrop  as  pastor  of  the  Christian  church.  The  Chase 
farm  was  purchased  by  Rev.  Dr.  Jaeger,  May  30,  for 
a  colored  orphan  asylum  and  industrial  school,  which 
was  chartered  in  1890;  E.  J.  Folkes,  president,  and 
Dr.  G.  R.  Lewis,  vice-president. 

The  Home  and  Retreat  was  in  great  need  of  help, 
and  there  was  talk  of  closing  it  if  the  money  was  not 
forthcoming. 

Some  time  back  Lynchburg  had  tried  to  get  the 
Western  Lunatic  Asylum  here.  About  this  time  it 
sent  to  it  one  of  its  leading  physicians.  Dr.  Ben  Black- 
ford, who  had  been  elected  superintendent. 

The  latter  part  of  May  it  began  to  rain,  and  contin- 
ued from  day  to  day  until  June  1  there  was  a  large 
freshet  in  the  river,  and  much  damage  was  done,  espe- 
cially to  the  Richmond  and  Alleghany  road. 

The  same  day  news  of  the  awful  flood  at  Johnstown, 
Pa.,  was  received,  and  the  whole  community  was 
shocked  at  the  fearful  loss  of  life  and  the  great  destruc- 
tion of  property.  Lynchburg  wanted  to  give  expres- 
sion to  its  sympathy,  so  a  meeting  was  called  at  the 


378  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Young  Men's  Christian  Association  hall  June  7  to 
raise  money  for  the  sufferers. 

This  was  a  very  wet  summer ;  nearly  every  day  it 
rained,  and  as  a  result  there  were  many  disasters. 
Great  sadness  was  produced  July  30  by  the  report  of 
another  calamity,  and  one  near  home.  The  early  morn- 
ins:  train  on  the  Norfolk  and  Western  road  had  left 
Thaxton's  and  was  coming  east.  When  it  had  gone 
about  a  half  mile  over  a  track  partly  covered  with 
water  it  suddenly  plunged  into  a  washout  and  went 
down  twenty-five  feet.  The  culvert  was  washed  away 
and  the  track  undermined.  More  than  thirty  were 
killed,  and  before  their  bodies  could  be  rescued  the 
wreck  took  fire  and  they  were  burned  up.  Patrick 
Donovan  and  John  Kirkpatrick,  two  citizens  of  Lynch- 
burg, were  among  the  killed,  and  others  injured. 
Among  those  seriously  hurt  was  Bishop  A.  W.  AVilson. 
This  was  the  most  disastrous  wreck  on  the  road  since  it 
was  built. 

The  heroic  deed  of  a  Lynchburg  young  man  is 
worthy  of  mention  here.  A  mine  near  Cumberland, 
Md.,  was  flooded  in  August  and  forty-five  men  were 
imperiled.  Gilbert  C.  Meem,  a  grandson  of  John  G. 
Meem,  at  the  risk  of  his  own  life,  went  into  the  mine 
and  rescued  the  men. 

Another  successful  normal  school  was  held  at  the 
Bigger's  building  in  June,  three  hundred  and  sixty 
teachers  being  present.  But  preparation  was  being 
made  for  the  great  meeting  of  the  year  at  Pace's  ware- 
house.   Rev.  Sam  Jones,  the  well-known  evangelist,  and 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        379 

his  helper,  Rev.  Mr.  Culpeper,  were  to  conduct  a  ten  days 
meeting  here,  beginning  October  19.  Mr.  Jones  had 
already  created  a  great  sensation,  and  when  he  held  his 
first  service  an  immense  crowd  was  present.  Revs. 
H.  C.  Cheatham,  W.  T.  Hall  and  W.  R.  L.  Smith  con- 
ducted the  preliminary  service.  At  every  service  the 
building  was  crowded,  and  sometimes  thousands  who 
could  not  gain  entrance  were  turned  away.  The  whole 
city  was  stirred  and  hundreds  pledged  themselves  to 
lead  a  new  life,  among  them  some  of  the  most  ungodly 
people  of  the  place.  Among  other  good  results  of  the 
meeting,  the  debt  on  the  Young  Men's  Christian  Asso- 
ciation building  was  provided  for,  and  the  people  were 
aroused  to  undertake  the  suppression  of  the  liquor 
traffic.  A  meeting  for  local  option  was  held  at  the 
Young  Men's  Christian  Association,  November  11  ; 
John  P.  Pettyjohn  called  it  to  order,  and  Captain 
Stephen  Adams  was  made  chairman.  Judge  Diggs, 
C.  W.  Button  and  others  spoke,  and  the  following  ex- 
ecutive committee  was  appointed :  James  Hancock, 
M.  H.  Payne,  W.  F.  Matthews,  James  I.  Lee  and  W. 
A.  Ford. 

The  liquor  men  began  to  organize,  and  another  hot 
fight  was  imminent.  A  petition  for  a  local  option  elec- 
tion was  gotten  up  and  presented  to  Judge  Diggs.  As 
soon  as  it  was  handed  in,  it  was  challenged,  R.  G.  H. 
Kean  appearing  for  the  "  wets,"  and  Captain  Stephen 
Adams  and  John  H.  Christian  for  the  "  drys."  The 
Judge  decided  that  the  petition  must  be  amended,  and 
handed   it  back.     After  a  short  while  the  necessary 


380  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

amendments  were  made,  and  the  election  was  ordered 
for  January  14,  1890. 

The  fight  began  in  earnest  when  a  large  local  option 
meeting  was  held  at  the  Opera  House,  December  28. 
John  P.  Pettyjohn  was  chairman ;  Rev.  H.  C.  Cheat- 
ham opened  with  prayer,  and  Captain  Stephen  Adams 
and  T.  N.  Williams  made  the  addresses.  This  was 
followed  by  another  meeting  at  the  same  place  on  the 
30th,  addressed  by  Hon.  John  E.  Massie. 

Other  things  were  happening.  Dr.  W.  R.  L.  Smith 
had  accepted  a  call  to  Nashville,  much  to  the  sorrow  of 
the  community,  and  Rev.  Dr.  Henry  McDonald  had 
been  called  to  succeed  him.  Rev.  G.  H.  Wiley  and  F. 
M.  Threadgill  opened  a  night  school  on  Twelfth  street, 
which  proved  a  great  help  to  the  poor  boys  who  had  to 
work  during  the  day,  and  who  but  for  this  would  have 
been  denied  an  education.  The  DeMolay  Commandery 
gave  a  banquet  at  the  Nor  veil- Arlington,  and  General 
N.  M.  Curtis,  the  military  officer  here  just  after  the 
war,  was  among  the  invited  guests. 

Ex-President  Jefferson  Davis  died  December  7,  and 
on  the  11th,  a  public  meeting  in  honor  of  his  memory 
was  held  at  the  Opera  House ;  N.  C.  Manson,  mayor, 
presided,  Rev.  R.  H.  Fleming  opened  with  prayer,  and 
addresses  on  the  life  and  character  of  the  great  man 
were  made  by  Rev.  Dr.  John  E.  Edwards,  Rev.  Dr.  W. 
T.  Hall,  W.  W.  Larkin,  and  Colonel  L.  S.  Marye.  On 
the  day  of  the  funeral,  business  was  suspended,  the 
bells  tolled  from  twelve  to  one,  and  the  artillery  fired 
a  solute. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        381 

The  deaths  this  year  were  :  January  7,  D.  C.  Guy; 
1 2th,  Dr.  George  T.  Latham,  a  promising  young  phy- 
sician ;  31st,  Jolm  W.  Holt,  long  proprietor  of  the 
Norvell  House  ;  February  7,  A.  "W.  Carter ;  March  27, 
W.  D.  R.  Tyree;  April  23,  T.  H.  Simpson;  May  31, 
Charles  W.  Statham,  leading  tobacconist ;  August  5,  C. 
J.  Sehorn,  a  young  lawyer ;  10th,  W.  T.  Yancey,  a 
leading  lawyer  when  Garland,  Mosby  and  Dabney  were 
in  their  prime ;  24th,  John  G.  Christian,  and  Septem- 
ber 8,  George  C.  Hutter,  two  young  men ;  October  23, 
S.  R.  Dawson,  and  25th,  J.  J.  Scott,  two  well-known 
business  men;  November  14,  S.  M.  Rose,  and  Decem- 
ber 3,  Captain  W.  L.  Luckett. 


CHAPTER  XII. 

"  Wet  or  dry  "  was  the  question  of  greatest  interest 
in  Lynchburg  at  this  time.  Both  sides  were  fighting 
hard  for  the  victory,  but  there  was  not  as  much  bitter- 
ness as  there  had  been  in  the  previous  fight.  The  local 
option  people  secured  the  Opera  House  for  their  speakers, 
Rev.  George  W.  Carter  and  Colonel  Cheves,  while  the 
license  people  were  addressed  by  William  A.  Heffernan 
and  Major  Thomas  J.  Kirkpatrick,  at  the  old  armory 
on  Madison  street.  Each  side  was  giving  blow  for 
blow,  and  when,  on  January  9,  the  "  drys  "  had  a  torch- 
light procession,  and  a  great  meeting  at  the  Opera 
House,  the  same  night,  the  "  wets  "  also  had  a  parade 
and  a  meeting  at  the  armory.  In  nearly  every  issue  of 
the  newspapers,  columns  were  devoted  to  the  discussion  ; 
the  street  corners  had  been  turned  into  a  forum  ;  in  al- 
most every  office  and  store  you  could  hear  a  debate, 
and  even  the  homes  were  not  free  from  it,  for  it  was 
often  the  case  that  a  house  was  divided  against  itself. 
This  was  kept  up  until  the  day  of  the  contest ;  and  such 
a  day  it  was  !  The  women  held  all-day  prayer  meet- 
ings, and  furnished  lunches  for  the  temperance  workers, 
and  many  of  the  men  left  their  business  and  spent  the 
day  at  the  polls.  Nearly  every  one  wore  a  blue  or  red 
badge,  and  earnestly  championed  his  cause.  All  day 
the  printing  presses  were  kept  busy  getting  out  hand- 
bills telling  the  people  that  this  side  and  then  that  was 


LVJSICHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  383 

sure  of  victory  if  they  would  only  vote  in  time.  Then 
would  come  a  dodger  making  some  statement,  and  one 
from  the  other  side  denying  it.  As  evening  came  on 
the  workers  did  their  best  to  get  in  every  vote,  and 
when  the  polls  closed  both  sides  claimed  the  victory. 
The  official  count  gave  this  result : 

Against  License.  For  License. 

First  Ward— First  precinct 468  413 

Second  precinct 200  260 

Second  Ward 414  431 

Third  Ward— First  precinct 314  277 

Second  precinct  . .     306  328 

1702  1709 

A  majority  of  seven  was  given  for  license.  The 
act  was  not  wiped  out,  as  the  Virginian  predicted,  and 
Lynchburg  did  have  another  election. 

About  this  time  another  thing  made  its  appearance 
in  Lynchburg,  and  interested  as  many  people  as  the 
local  option  election.  It  took  with  the  "  wets  "  and  the 
"  drys,"  the  rich  and  the  poor,  the  old  and  the  young, 
and  its  effects  were  lasting.  This  was  the  first  epidemic 
of  la  grippe  that  ever  visited  the  city.  Where  had  it 
been  all  these  years  ?  Why  did  it  strike  the  country 
so  suddenly  ?  Was  it  catching  ?  These  and  hundreds 
of  other  questions  were  asked  about  it ;  but  all  were 
satisfied  that  it  was  here,  and  it  seemed  to  have  come 
to  stay. 

Lynchburg's  business  was  rapidly  increasing ;  the 
figures  for  the  year  ending  December,  1899,  showed  that 
the  wholesale  business  had  reached  five  millions,  three 


384  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

hundred  and  seventy-two  thousand,  against  three  mil- 
lions and  four  hundred  thousand  in  1885.  The  Board  of 
Trade  was  active  in  trying  to  promote  the  city's  welfare 
and  increase  its  population,  which  this  year  was  nine- 
teen thousand,  seven  hundred  and  twenty-five.  To 
introduce  the  merchants  along  the  Lynchburg  and  Dur- 
ham road  in  the  city,  the  Board  gave  them  a  banquet 
at  the  Opera  House.  About  two  hundred  were  present, 
and  the  occasion  was  one  of  pleasure  and  profit.  This 
was  pre-eminently  the  year  of  booms  and  the  Hill  City 
was  receiving  its  share.  A  street  railway  to  the  Pres- 
byterian cemetery  was  proposed,  and  a  bridge  from 
Federal  to  Diamond  Hills,  across  Harrison  street.  The 
Lynchburg  and  Southwestern  Development  Compauy 
was  chartered,  and  the  West  Lynchburg  Land  Com- 
pany, with  an  authorized  capital  of  a  million  dollars, 
W.  W.  Flanagan,  president,  was  actively  at  work.  It 
was  announced  that  the  Midland  Virginia  Steel  and 
Iron  Company  was  to  locate  here,  sewing  machine 
works  were  to  be  established,  and  other  industries  were 
begging  to  come.  It  looked  as  if  Lynchburg  was  to 
be  the  manufacturing  centre  of  the  United  States,  from 
the  enterprises  that  were  being  started.  Already  there 
were  one  hundred  and  eighty-two  manufactories,  and 
over  four  thousand  operatives,  and  the  hundred  and  fifty 
thousand  dollar  car-works  was  expected  to  be  in  opera- 
tion before  long. 

Some  were  determined  that  the  city  should  not  alto- 
gether take  Horace  Greeley's  advice  to  "Go  West ; "  so 
the  North  Lynchburg  improvement  scheme,  afterwards 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        385 

known  as  the  Ri Vermont  Company,  was  organized,  with 
a  million  dollars  capital.  The  land  was  to  be  con- 
nected with  the  city  by  a  bridge  from  the  head  of  Main 
street  across  Blackwater  creek,  and  a  street-car  line 
was  to  run  through  the  whole  addition.  This  was 
organized  April  19,  and  on  the  27th  the  Park  Avenue 
Land  Company,  with  J.  B.  Winfree  president,  was 
started.  This  company  secured  a  shoe  factory,  and 
expected  soon  to  start  a  paper  mill.  Following  this 
came  the  East  Lynchburg  and  James  River  Land  and 
Improvement  Company;  and,  in  view  of  the  city's 
anticipated  rapid  growth,  there  must  be  a  new  hotel. 
It  was  proposed  to  build  it  at  the  corner  of  Ninth  and 
Jefferson  streets,  but  this  place  was  not  thought  suit- 
able, so  eighty  thousand  dollars  was  subscribed  towards 
building  a  one  hundred  and  fifty  thousand  dollar  hotel 
on  Main  street.  The  new  Union  depot  was  completed 
April  21,  and  a  large  crowd  of  people  assembled  to  see 
the  first  train  come  in.  It  was  a  memorable  occasion, 
for  the  old  depot  was  a  disgrace  to  the  city. 

If  Lynchburg  had  been  slow  and  conservative  in 
the  days  gone  by,  it  had  gloriously  recovered  from  it. 
Every  one  except  a  few  croakers  seemed  to  see  a  future 
metropolis  in  the  modest  town.  The  News,  in  its  com- 
mercial issue  of  May  24,  showed  what  the  city  had  done 
and  boasted  of  what  it  would  do  in  a  few  years,  not- 
withstanding the  doubters  who  seemed  as  if  they  would 
stop  the  wheels  of  progress,  by  asking  where  the  people 
and  the  capital  for  these  additions  were  to  come  from. 

There  were  a  few  other  things  at  this  time  besides 


386  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

the  boom  that  are  worthy  of  notice.  The  Australian 
ballot  system  was  used  at  the  spring  primary  in  nom- 
inating, R.  D.  Yancey,  mayor ;  Frank  P.  Christian 
commonwealth's  attorney  ;  W.  H.  Snead,  commissioner 
of  revenue ;  S.  H.  Johnson,  city  sergeant ;  and  W.  E. 
Callahan,  high  constable.  The  Massachusetts  Press 
Association  visited  the  city  May  16.  The  citizens  gave 
them  a  royal  reception  at  the  Opera  House,  and  per- 
haps induced  them  to  buy  a  few  town  lots  before  they 
left.  Already  English  capitalists  had  bought  five  hun- 
dred in  West  Lynchburg.  The  Home  Guard,  Captain 
E.  A.  Biggers,  the  Zuuaves,  Captain  R.  E.  Craighill,  a 
large  number  of  veterans  and  many  other  citizens  left 
to  attend  the  unveiling  of  the  Lee  monument  at  Rich- 
mond, May  29.  Rev.  J.  S.  Felix  was  installed  pastor 
of  the  First  Baptist  church,  March  2,  and  Rev.  W.  T. 
Walker  pastor  of  the  Third  Presbyterian,  June  15. 
The  Lynchburg  and  Durham  road  was  completed  to 
Durham  July  19,  and  one  month  later  the  first  passenger 
train  went  through  from  here.  Sam  Jones  came  to 
Lynchburg  again  September  12,  and  held  another  ten 
days  meeting  at  Pace's  warehouse ;  great  crowds  attended 
and  much  good  was  done. 

The  old  Cabell  House,  on  Main  street,  near  Tenth, 
and  several  other  buildings  burned  September  14.  A 
few  days  afterward  General  Early  was  in  one  of  the 
damaged  buildings  when  it  suddenly  collapsed.  The 
news  soon  spread  that  he  was  killed,  and  men  were  put 
to  work  to  remove  the  debris  and  recover  the  body. 
When  the  bricks  and  timbers  had  been  taken  away,  to 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        387 

the  amazement  of  all,  the  old  General  was  alive,  having 
escaped  serious  injury.  The  floor  had  caught  in  some 
way  and  protected  him. 

Onward  the  boom  quickly  moved.  The  Rivermont 
Company,  C.  M.  Blackford  president,  seemed  to  be  in 
a  flourishing  condition ;  two  hundred  and  nineteen 
thousand  dollars  worth  of  the  stock  had  been  taken, 
and  seventy-five  thousand  dollars  had  been  set  aside 
for  the  new  bridge,  the  contract  for  which  was  let  June 
17.  A  proposition  was  made  to  build  an  electric  road 
up  Ninth  street,  and  thence  to  Diamond  Hill.  This 
was  not  carried  out,  but  despite  much  opposition  a 
charter  was  granted  for  an  electric  road  from  the  Pres- 
byterian cemetery  across  Diamond  Hill  to  the  corner 
of  Main  and  Fifth  streets. 

The  fair  this  year  was  called  the  boom  fair.  A 
large  number  of  excursions  had  been  run  from  here  to 
Salem,  Roanoke,  Buchanan  and  other  places,  to  give 
our  people  an  opportunity  to  attend  the  sales  of  lots, 
and  now  the  compliment  was  returned  and  several 
excursions  were  run  to  Lynchburg.  Many  came  and 
invested  all  they  had  and  more  besides  in  town  lots, 
paying  from  five  hundred  to  five  thousand  dollars  for  a 
lot  in  an  old  field,  but  which  on  the  plat  was  in  a  large 
city.  Notes  were  given  for  the  deferred  payments,  but 
what  did  that  matter  ?  Every  one  hoped  to  sell  at  a 
large  advance  before  the  first  note  came  due.  Within 
two  weeks  more  than  a  million  dollars  was  invested  in 
Virginia  in  these  town  lots. 

Nearly  all  kinds  of  industries  had  been  proposed  by 


388  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

the  different  land  companies,  but  no  one  had  thought  of 
educational  institutions.  Dr.  W.  W.  Smith  was  here 
in  interest  of  Bedford  City  Academy,  when  he  met 
George  M.  Jones  on  the  street  car,  who  asked  him  why 
he  did  not  try  to  establish  a  woman's  college  here. 
The  papers  had  already  spoken  of  it  several  years  ago. 
Dr.  Smith  took  the  matter  under  advisement  and  soon 
worked  out  in  his  own  mind  the  plan  of  a  college  for 
Lynchburg,  to  be  the  Vassar  of  the  South.  He  made 
the  proposition  to  several  land  companies  that  he  would 
raise  an  hundred  thousand  dollars  endowment  and  put 
the  college  on  the  property  of  the  company  if  it  would 
give  the  site  and  an  hundred  thousand  dollars  for  build- 
ings. November  12,  the  Rivermont  Company  accepted 
the  proposition,  and  the  site  for  the  college  was  settled 
upon.  Conference  met  here  the  same  day,  Bishop  Har- 
grove presiding,  and  Dr.  Smith  laid  before  the  minis- 
ters his  plans  for  Randolph-Macon  Woman's  College. 
His  efforts  were  approved,  and  he  immediately  set  to 
work  to  raise  the  endowment.  After  three  months  of 
earnest  work  he  raised,  among  the  Lynchburg  people^ 
the  hundred  thousand  dollars,  and  announced  that  the 
college  was  secured.  Lynchburg  and  the  Methodists 
of  the  State  rejoiced  at  this  great  achievement.  W. 
M.  Poindexter,  of  Washington  drew  the  plans  for  the 
building,  and  work  was  soon  begun. 

Conference  made  a  good  many  changes  among  the 
Methodist  pastors  here.  Rev.  H.  C.  Cheatham,  of 
Centenary,  was  succeeded  by  Rev.  Dr.  S.  S.  Lambeth, 
and  Rev.  James  A.  Duncan  succeeded  Rev.  T.  McN. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        389 

Simpson  at  Memorial ;  Rev.  J.  L.  Bray  was  sent  to 
Trinity ;  Rev,  G.  H.  Wiley  made  city  missionary,  and 
Rev.  J.  Powell  Garland,  presiding  elder. 

There  were  some  people  who  had  said  from  the  first 
that  the  boom  was  commercially,  if  not  morally  wrong, 
and  could  not  last.  This  number  was  now  rapidly 
increasing,  and  many  investors  and  lenders  were 
getting  afraid.  The  scare  reached  Wall  street  and 
prices  took  a  tumble.  The  large  banking  house  of 
Baring  Brothers  became  embarassed  and  went  into 
liquidation.  This  caused  many  to  lose  confidence,  and 
failures  and  losses  became  frequent,  for  a  time  of  such 
unheard-of  prosperity.  The  effects  did  not  reach 
Lynchburg  at  once,  and  it  went  on  trying  to  make  the 
best  of  the  situation.  The  Ri Vermont  Bank  was  pro- 
posed November  27,  but  was  never  established.  The 
people  who  held  land  company  stocks  and  town  lots 
were  willing  to  sell  at  par,  and  that  without  a  great  deal 
of  begging.  Thus  closed  one  of  the  most  remarkable 
years  in  the  city's  history. 

The  citizens  who  had  passed  away  this  year  were : 
Moses  Lacy,  in  his  eighty-second  year,  January  22,  and 
Stephen  G.  Morgan,  another  old  gentleman,  the  25th 
February  1st,  Hugh  G.  Meem,  the  hero  of  the  mine 
13th,  Martin  L.  Coman  ;  April  21,  W.  Hays  Otey 
May  31,  W.  L.  Page;  June  18,  Joel   W.  Jennings 
July  21,  A.  L.  Sutphin;  28th,  M.  L.  Stuart ;  September 
11,  Richard  J.  Payne,  October  18,  R.  Wellford  Bell; 
November  12,  David  Oglesby,  and  22d,  A.  S.  Engle- 
dove — two  old  citizens;  December  1,  Frank  C.  John- 


390  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

son,  a  bright  and  loveable  young  man,  who  was  pre- 
paring for  the  Baptist  ministry. 

The  uneasiness  felt  at  the  close  of  last  year  was  now 
increasing,  and  1891  was  destined  to  see  the  passing  of 
the  boom.  Failures  became  frequent  and  money  was 
getting  scarce.  The  work  of  building  had  not  stopped, 
for  most  of  it  was  already  under  contract.  The  West 
Lynchburg  hotel  was  under  roof,  and  besides  there  were 
one  hundred  and  thirty-four  buildings  being  erected  in 
the  city.  The  council  endeavored  to  meet  the  long-felt 
want  for  a  city  hall,  by  buying  in  February  the  Friends' 
warehouse  property  for  the  purpose. 

The  city  was  called  upon  to  mourn  the  death  of  one 
of  its  leading  ministers  March  31.  Rev.  Dr.  John  E. 
Edwards,  the  pastor  of  Court  Street  church,  had  been 
in  failing  health  for  some  time,  and  on  this  day  died. 
Dr.  Edwards  was  one  of  the  leading  ministers  in  his 
cluirch,  having  been  engaged  in  this  work  since  1834. 
His  funeral  services  were  conducted  at  Court  Street 
church  by  Bishop  Granbery,  assisted  by  Revs.  Drs.  J.  P. 
Garland,  S.  S.  Lamberth,  W.  H.  Hall  and  J.  S.  Felix. 
The  church  was  draped  in  mourning,  and  a  large  con- 
gregation bore  testimony  to  the  esteem  in  which  the  be- 
loved pastor  was  held.  The  remains  were  carried  to 
Richmond  for  interment,  and  were  accompanied  by  a 
delegation  from  the  board  of  stewards  of  Court  Street. 
Dr.  George  W.  Carter  succeeded  Dr.  Edwards  as  pas- 
tor until  the  next  meeting  of  Conference. 

Ri Vermont  Day  was  April  17,  and  it  was  a  time  of 
great  rejoicing.     At  3  p.  m.,  the  new  bridge  from  Main 


LYNCHBUEG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        391 

street  was  formally  opened  to  the  public.  This  was 
heralded  by  the  booming  of  cannons,  the  shriek  of 
steam  whistles,  and  loud  cheers  from  the  crowd.  The 
officers  of  the  company  first  went  over,  and  they  were 
followed  by  the  large  crowd  of  people.  The  bridge 
was  suggested  by  Colonel  Thomas  Whitehead,  and  the 
idea  taken  up  by  Major  E.  S.  Hutter,  who  was  largely 
instrumental  in  organizing  the  Rivermont  Company. 
At  night  a  banquet  was  given  at  the  Opera  House  in 
honor  of  the  occasion,  and  many  prominent  visitors  and 
citizens  attended. 

Following  this  celebration.  May  2,  the  electric  cars 
on  the  West  Lynchburg  road  were  started.  The  first 
car  carried  the  officers  of  the  road,  and  attracted  much 
attention,  especially  among  those  who  had  never  seen 
an  electric  car.  Large  crowds  gathered  along  the  route 
and  looked  on  with  delight  and  amazement.  Who 
would  have  thought  ten  years  ago  of  electric  cars  run- 
ning up  the  hills  of  Lynchburg  ?  A  few  days  after  this 
the  hotel  at  West  Lynchburg  was  completed.  The 
R.i Vermont  road  from  Fifth  street  to  the  Park  was  not 
opened  until  August. 

There  were  some  interesting  facts  in  regard  to  the 
churches  this  year.  The  Episcopal  Council  met  here 
April  22,  and  May  26  Bishop  A.  M.  Randolph  laid 
the  corner-stone  of  the  new  St.  Paul's  church.  In  June 
Memorial  church  was  enlarged,  and  the  Methodist 
Protestants  bought  a  lot  on  Fifth  street  for  a  new 
church.  Rev.  John  Jasper,  colored,  delivered  his  cel- 
ebrated lecture  on  "  De  Sun  Do  Move,"  at  Court  Street 


392  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

Baptist  church.  Rev.  J.  A.  McMurray  was  installed 
pastor  of  West  End  Presbyterian  church  August  30, 
and  on  October  18  Rev.  T.  M.  McCorkle  pastor  of 
Third  Presbyterian  church.  In  November  Rev.  W. 
H.  Atwill  was  sent  to  Centenary,  Rev.  E.  M.  Peterson 
to  Memorial,  Rev.  L.  B.  Betty  to  Court  Street,  Rev. 
W.  J.  Hubbard  to  Trinity,  Rev.  J.  W.  Clark  to  Dan- 
ielstown,  and  Rev.  Jacob  Manning  was  made  city 
missionary. 

The  State  Medical  Conference  met  here  in  October, 
Dr.  H.  G.  Latham  president ;  and  the  same  month  the 
fair  was  held,  and  the  negroes  also  held  a  fair  at  Pace's 
warehouse. 

Alexander  McDonald  was  elected  to  represent  the 
city  in  the  State  Senate  in  November,  and  the  24th  of 
the  same  month  a  large  mass-meeting  was  held  to 
endorse  the  Olcott  plan  for  paying  the  State  debt. 

An  enjoyable  social  event  was  that  of  December  8, 
when  Thomas  Nelson  Page,  the  Virginia  author,  gave 
a  reading  from  his  works  at  the  Young  Men's  Chris- 
tian Association  hall. 

The  death  list  this  year  is :  Little  Jerry  Sullivan, 
killed  by  an  electric  wire,  January  2  ;  James  Allen, 
superintendent  of  the  water  works,  died  the  27th  ;  W. 
H.  Ford,  February  15  ;  Thomas  C.  Wray,  an  esteemed 
citizen,  March  13  ;  Philip  Payne,  a  good  man.  May 
29;  Samuel  Boyd,  the  veteran  confectioner,  June  16, 
and  the  same  day  Lawrence  Snead  was  drowned ;  July 
1,  Judge  David  Spence,  a  prominent  citizen,  and  Dr. 
Paul    Berger ;    3d,  John  W.  Wyatt,  a  teacher  in  the 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        393 

High  School ;  4th,  Milton  Holmes,  and  30th,  Charles 
G.  Jones,  an  old  citizen,  and  Captain  A.  H.  Pettigrew, 
mayor  for  four  years ;  August  6,  Hon.  Thomas  S.  Bo- 
cock,  and  11th,  Judge  J.  W.  Breathed;  October  7, 
Samuel  Patteson ;  November  5,  B.  F.  Wood;  12th, 
Christopher  Winfree,  Jr.,  and  13th,  Dr.  D.  E.  Bass,  a 
much  beloved  physician  and  an  esteemed  citizen ;  the 
same  day  John  William  Murrell,  an  old  citizen,  was 
buried  from  St.  Paul's  ;  December  21,  Martin  O'Meara, 
an  old  and  honored  Irish  citizen,  died. 

In  the  past  two  years  Lynchburg  had  made  wonder- 
ful improvement,  but  not  being  of  a  substantial  nature, 
the  time  had  come  when  much  of  it  was  to  pass  away, 
and  1892  was  to  witness  it.  The  boom  had  about 
spent  itself,  and  hard  times,  that  familiar  friend  of 
other  days,  had  arrived.  Many  found  themselves 
ruined,  and  were  willing  to  give  up  their  holdings  to 
be  released  from  the  notes  for  the  deferred  payments ; 
but  this  was  not  done,  and  nothing  was  left  except  fail- 
ure and  assignment.  But  worse  than  that,  not  a  few 
who  were  in  positions  of  trust  used  money  that  did  not 
belong  to  them,  hoping  to  make  more  and  replace  it, 
and,  having  failed,  their  defalcations  and  embezzle- 
ments were  coming  to  light.  It  was  a  sad  state  of 
aifairs,  and  the  worst  was  not  yet. 

A  mission  was  started  at  Odd  Fellow's  Hall,  Sun- 
day afternoon,  by  Rev.  George  W.  Carter,  and  large 
crowds  attended.  The  people  at  Court  Street  wanted 
to  retain  him  as  pastor,  and  failing  in  this  they  took 
this  opportunity  to  hear  him  preach.     The  Episcopal 


394  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Council  met  here  in  January,  and  in  May  New  Hope, 
a  union  church  in  Dearington,  was  built  through  the 
efforts  of  Rev.  S.  J.  Liggan  and  J.  D.  Evans.  Rev. 
T.  E.  Coulbourne  was  elected  corresponding  secretary 
of  the  Foreign  Mission  Board  of  the  Methodist  Pro- 
testant Church,  and  his  pulpit  from  July  to  November 
was  filled  by  Rev.  W.  Asbury  Christian.  George  F. 
Tibbitts  succeeded  W.  F.  McCaughey  as  secretary  of 
the  Young  Men's  Christian  Association.  Towards  the 
close  of  the  year  Rev.  George  C.  Needhara  held  a  suc- 
cessful meeting  at  the  First  Baptist  church,  and  Rev. 
George  E.  Truett  was  called  to  College  Hill  Baptist 
church  to  succeed  Rev.  C.  G.  Jones. 

There  was  a  fearful  accident  June  29,  at  the  place 
where  the  Second  Presbyterian  church  once  stood. 
The  building  was  being  repaired,  when  it  suddenly  fell, 
crushing  to  death  J.  H.  C.  Winston,  a  good  man  and  a 
well-known  citizen,  and  John  Adams  and  Lee  Franklin, 
two  colored  workmen,  besides  injuring  others.  Another 
exciting  affair  occurred  Sunday,  August  17.  A  large 
crowd  was  gathered  on  Main  street,  near  Eleventh,  in 
front  of  Shaefer  &  Roberts'  hardware  store.  They  were 
looking  for  a  man.  Saturday  evening  a  burglar  went  into 
the  hardware  store,  and  secreted  himself  in  order  to 
rob  Johnson's  jewelry  store,  next  door.  Sunday  he 
started  to  work,  boring  through  the  wall,  as  he  thought, 
of  the  store  he  wanted  to  rob,  but  he  missed  his  bear- 
ing, as  the  upper  portion  of  Johnson's  building  was 
used  by  Shaefer  &  Roberts,  and  bored  into  Mrs.  Fisher's 
house.     Just  as  the  bit  came  through,  W.  P.  Rocke- 


LYNCHBUEG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        395 

charlie  was  passing  along  the  hall.  He  gave  the  alarm, 
and  soon  the  police  had  the  building  surrounded.  The 
whole  building  was  carefully  searched  and  nothing  of 
the  burglar  was  seen.  About  evening,  Officer  Tyree 
caught  him  hid  in  a  sub-cellar.  He  was  carried  to  jail, 
and  gave  his  name  as  Frank  Cole.  The  trial  came  off 
and  the  bold  burglar  was  sent  to  the  penitentiary. 

The  colored  people  were  trying  to  make  some  pro- 
gress, so  this  year  they  held  another  agricultural  and 
industrial  fair  in  Rivermont,  October  14.  On  the  20th 
the  corner-stone  of  the  Virginia  College  and  Industrial 
Institute,  Morgan  College  annex,  a  colored  school,  was 
laid.  Rev.  T.  M.  Carson,  Judge  J.  S.  Diggs,  Frank 
P.  Christian  and  Dr.  F.  S.  Wagner,  of  Morgan  College, 
Baltimore,  spoke. 

The  regular  fair  began  October  25.  Two  events  are 
worthy  of  notice.  The  public  gambling  carried  on  for 
so  many  years  was  broken  up  by  a  number  of  citizens. 
On  the  27th  Senator  David  B.  Hill  was  present.  The 
city  was  decorated,  cannons  boomed,  and  a  large  crowd 
greeted  him.  At  night  he  spoke  to  a  vast  assembly  of 
citizens  at  Friends'  warehouse,  in  advocacy  of  Cleve- 
land for  President,  against  Harrison.  Cleveland  and 
Stevenson  were  elected  November  8,  and  on  the  17  th 
Lynchburg  celebrated  it  by  a  magnificent  display  of 
fireworks,  and  a  great  torch-light  procession. 

This  year  the  deaths  were  numerous,  and  especially 
among  the  old  citizens.  Daniel  Collins,  an  old  and  re- 
spected Irish  citizen,  died  January  21 ;  Charles  H. 
Pointer,  another  old  citizen,  a  drummer  in  the  Seminole 


396  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

War,  and  a  Confederate  soldier,  the  29th ;  February  6 
little  Mamie  Ewers  was  crushed  to  death  by  an  electric 
car ;  10th,  George  A.  Burks  passed  away,  in  his  seventy- 
eighth  year,  and  on  the  15th  Dr.  W.  O.  Owen.  He 
was  born  here  in  1820,  and  had  succeeded  his  father 
in  the  practice  of  medicine.  He  was  a  great  surgeon, 
a  beloved  physician,  and  a  Virginia  gentleman.  A 
large  crowd  attended  his  funeral  at  St.  Paul's,  as  a  mark 
of  the  esteem  in  which  he  was  held.  February  24,  T. 
S.  Wilkins ;  March  12,  W.  E.  Franklin ;  23d,  J.  M. 
Wood,  and  31st,  Humphrey  Dabney,  a  young  man, 
died ;  April  1,  Dr.  Thomas  L.  Walker,  another  lead- 
ing physician,  a  Christian  gentleman  and  a  knightly 
man,  and  on  the  22d,  Abner  W.  Strange,  a  useful  citi- 
zen, for  twenty  years  connected  with  the  Neivs  as  busi- 
ness manager;  May  10,  W.  R.  Gannaway,  and  25th, 
W.  R.  Johnson,  old  citizens;  31st,  Stephen  T.  Wood, 
a  good  man,  and  June  5,  Thomas  E.  Murrell,  another 
good  man  and  a  prominet  and  public  spirited  citizen. 
August  1,  W.  A.  Strother  died  suddenly.  He  had 
been  in  the  drug  business  here  for  a  long  time,  and 
was  one  of  our  most  highly  esteemed  business  men,  a 
fine  citizen  and  accomplished  gentlemen.  August  7, 
R.  S.  Dawson,  another  upright  citizen,  died,  and  12th, 
Henry  F.  Bocock,  in  his  seventy-fourth  year,  a  lawyer 
here  for  a  long  time;  August  13,  W.  G.  Christian,  and 
28th,  Thomas  H.  Flood,  two  young  citizens  ;  September 
20,  F.  M.  Dunnington  ;  21st,  John  T.  Smith,  and  29th, 
Dr.  L.  G.  Lee,  old  citizens  and  highly  respected  men. 
October  26,  William  McLaughlin ;  November  4,  Cap- 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        397 

tain  Samuel  B.  Thurman,  and  1 6th,  James  Boyd,  three 
more  of  our  old  and  honored  men ;  November  17, 
Paulus  Powell  Glass,  a  young  man  of  noble  character  ; 
December  7,  L.  G.  Brown,  and  the  31st,  Captain  J.  J. 
Dillard,  another  of  the  old  and  highly  respected  citizens. 

The  new  year  of  1893  did  not  find  much  change  in 
the  condition  of  aifairs,  unless  they  were  worse ;  for  in  ad- 
dition to  the  hard  times  this  was  the  hardest  winter 
known  to  this  generation.  The  ground  was  frozen  ten 
inches  below  the  surface,  many  of  the  water  mains  in 
the  streets  were  frozen  solid,  and  for  weeks  and  weeks 
the  ground  was  covered  with  snow.  There  was  a  great 
deal  of  suffering  among  the  poor.  The  Virginia  Nail 
and  Iron  Works  went  into  the  hands  of  a  receiver, 
later  the  Rivermont  Company  assigned,  and  individual 
failures  were  frequent.  In  spite  of  the  depressing  con- 
ditions, some  building  was  going  on.  The  Chesapeake 
and  Ohio  railroad  had  finished  a  handsome  new  freight 
depot.  The  Carroll  hotel  was  building,  and  the  First 
Presbyterian  congregation  let  the  contract  for  building 
a  new  church  to  Adams  &  Woodson  at  twenty-four 
thousand  and  seven  hundred  dollars,  but  subsequently 
withdrew  it.  Centenary  church  planned  for  an  exten- 
sive improvement,  and  let  the  contract  to  W.  B.  Snead 
&  Co.,  at  twelve  thousand  dollars. 

When  the  time  of  the  second  inauguration  of  Grover 
Cleveland  came  the  Home  Guard,  the  Artillery,  and 
many  private  citizens,  attended,  and  a  large  number  of 
them  were  made  ill,  the  weather  being  the  coldest  and 
most   disagreeable   ever   known  on  such  an  occasion. 


398  LYNCHBUEG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Mr.  Cleveland  soon  honored  Lynchburg  by  appointing 
Alexander  McDonald,  m4io  had  been  editor  of  the  Vir- 
ginian until  that  paper  was  consolidated  with  the  News, 
minister  to  Persia. 

The  secretary  of  the  Young  Men's  Christian  Asso- 
ciation, George  F.  Tibbetts,  resigned  in  February,  and 
Harry  Snead  succeeded  him.  Rev.  S.  R.  Murray  was 
sent  to  the  Methodist  Protestant  church  in  April,  and 
Rev.  J.  J.  Lloyd  succeeded  Rev.  J.  H.  Williams  at 
Grace   church. 

Lynchburg  was  represented  on  all  important  occa- 
sions, both  State  and  National.  At  the  reinterment  of 
Jefferson  Davis  at  Richmond  the  Zouaves  were  in  line, 
and  when  the  World's  Fair  at  Chicago  opened  in  May, 
notwithstanding  the  hard  times,  many  Lynchburgers 
went.  The  Neivs  offered  a  free  trip  to  the  two  most 
popular  pastors.  Many  were  voted  for,  but  Rev.  Dr. 
W.  T.  Hall  and  Rev.  J.  J.  McGurk  won  the  contest. 

It  was  thought  that  so  many  going  to  the  Fair  and 
spending  so  much  money  away  from  home  had  added 
some  to  the  stringency  of  the  money  market  here, 
although  Comptroller  Eckels  declared  that  the  boom 
had  been  the  cause  of  the  present  conditions  through- 
out the  country.  The  worst  of  the  financial  troubles 
did  not  come  until  August,  when  currency  became  so 
scarce  that  the  banks  would  not  pay  over  fifty  dollars 
in  cash,  and  gave  certified  checks  for  the  balance.  The 
money  famine  was  so  great  that  it  was  almost  impossi- 
ble to  get  money  to  pay  off  hands — in  fact,  many  had 
to  be  paid  in  scrip.    Now  the  people  were  experiencing 


LYNCHBUEG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        399 

the  evils  of  the  boom,  and  many  questioned  whether 
the  war  had  done  a  great  deal  more  injury  to  the  busi- 
ness of  the  South  especially,  than  this  ill-conceived 
movement.  Everything  seemed  flat.  An  attempt  was 
made  to  organize  a  home  insurance  company,  but  it 
failed.  The  Lynchburg  banks,  however,  as  in  other 
panics,  stood  the  stress  ;  not  one  went  under. 

Another  movement  was  made  this  summer  that  had 
a  depressing  eiFect.  Lynchburg  had  subscribed  two 
hundred  and  fifty  thousand  dollars  to  the  Lynchburg 
and  Durham  road,  and  many  individual  citizens  had 
taken  stock.  It  was  now  leased  to  the  Norfolk  and 
Western  road,  and  that  company  immediately  moved 
the  extensive  shops  from  here  and  closed  the  engine- 
house  near  Durmid.  When  the  city  subscribes  to 
another  road,  it  should  be  upon  condition  that  the  shops 
and  offices  shall  remain  here,  or  the  amount  of  sub- 
scription be  forfeited.  Besides  this,  the  railroads  and 
other  large  companies  were  trying  to  cut  down  ex- 
penses, and  were  discharging  a  good  many  employees. 
Everywhere  the  hard  times  seemed  to  pinch. 

One  permanent  good  had  come  from  the  boom,  if  no 
more  :  the  Randolph-Macon  Woman's  College  had  been 
erected,  and  on  September  14  it  opened  for  the  recep- 
tion of  students,  with  the  following  faculty:  W.  W. 
Smith,  LL.  D.,  president ;  R.  H.  Sharp,  Jr.,  M.  A., 
ancient  languages ;  J.  L.  Armstrong,  English  and  Ger- 
man ;  F.  W.  Martin,  M.  S.,  Ph.  D.,  chemistry  and 
geology;  Miss  Celestia  S.  Parrish,  mathematics  and 
pedagogy;  Miss  Louise  J.  Smith,  art  and  French  ;  Mrs. 


400  LYNCHBURG    AND   ITS    PEOPLE, 

W.  M.  Strother,  A.  M.,  elocution  and  physical  culture ; 
Louis  Schehlmann,  vocal  music ;  William  S.  Adams, 
instrumental  music ;  Miss  Annie  Brown,  assistant  in 
English  and  mathematics ;  A.  W.  Terrell,  M.  D.,  col- 
lege physician,  and  Mrs.  Annie  Allen,  matron. 

An  effort  had  been  made  in  September  to  unite  the 
West  Lynchburg  and  Rivermont  street  railways,  but 
without  success.  The  Rivermont  Company,  desiring  to 
extend  its  line,  began  to  build  the  line  from  Main  and 
Fifth  streets  to  the  Presbyterian  cemetery.  In  De- 
cember the  cars  were  running,  and  in  February  the 
whole  line  was  completed. 

It  will  be  remembered  that  when  Lynchburg  be- 
came a  city  there  was  a  good  deal  of  trouble  over  the 
dogs,  and  now  that  it  was  aspiring  to  be  a  larger  city, 
there  was  trouble  over  the  cows.  Up  to  this  time  the 
bland  cow  had  been  unmolested,  and  had  been  permit- 
ted to  graze  up  and  down  the  streets  at  will,  and  even 
enter  the  front  yards,  much  to  the  delight  of  her  owner 
and  the  disgust  of  other  citizens.  Now  the  proposition 
was  made  to  deprive  the  cow  of  her  personal  liberty, 
and  restrict  her  to  her  owner's  stable  or  grass  lot.  This 
raised  a  storm  ;  amateur  debaters  and  young  rhetoricians 
spoke  and  wrote  with  much  satisfaction  to  themselves, 
and  it  was  threatened  to  make  the  cow  question  the 
political  issue  at  the  spring  election. 

"  It  was  cow  law  up,  and  cow  law  down, 
And  cow  law  all  around  town." 

The  council  at -length  decided  the  question  and  passed 

an  ordinance  prohibiting  cows  from  running  at  large  in 

the  city. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        401 

The  COW  question  having  been  settled,  the  people  now 
turned  their  attention  to  State  politics.  Colonel  C.  T. 
O'Ferrall,  who  had  been  nominated  for  governor  by 
the  Democrats,  spoke  at  Moorman's  warehouse  October 
31,  to  a  large  crowd,  and  November  3,  Major  John 
W.  Daniel  closed  the  campaign  with  a  fine  speech  at 
the  Opera  House.  Colonel  O'Ferrall  was  elected,  as 
was  R.  L.  Miller  to  the  Senate,  and  Randolph  Harrison 
to  the  Plouse,  from  Lynchburg. 

The  improvements  upon  Centenary  church  had  been 
completed,  and  the  pastor,  Rev.  W.  H.  Atwill,  ap- 
pointed Sunday,  November  12,  for  the  time  of  reopen- 
ing. At  11  A.  M.,  Bishop  John  C.  Granbery  preached 
to  a  crowded  house,  and  in  the  afternoon  Revs.  J. 
Powell  Garland,  L.  B.  Betty,  W.  H.  Atwill,  T.  H. 
Early,  E.  M.  Peterson,  and  C.  W.  Turner  spoke.  At 
night  Bishop  Granbery  preached  again.  This  im- 
provement rendered  "  the  mother  of  Methodism 
here "  one  of  the  handsomest  church  edifices  in  Vir- 
ginia. The  old,  historic  bell,  the  first  in  Southern 
Methodism,  was  carefully  placed  in  the  new  tower, 
and  now  its  clear  ringing  chime  is  heard  again  call- 
ing to  the  house  of  prayer.  Conference  met,  and  Rev. 
Ernest  Stevens  was  sent  to  Cabell  Street,  and  Rev. 
L.  T.  Williams  to  Trinity;  Rev.  C.  B.  Wilmer  re- 
signed from  Epiphany  church,  and  on  December  31, 
at  the  First  Baptist  church,  Thomas  A.  Johnson,  a 
Lynchburg  boy,  was  ordained  to  the  ministry,  Revs. 
J.  S.  Felix,  R.  H.  Pitt,  F.  P.  Robertson,  G.  E.  Truett, 
and  J.  T.  McLaughlin  taking  part. 


402  LYNCHBUKG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Death  this  year  claimed  a  large  number  of  well- 
known  citizens.  January  6,  Dr.  George  W.  Thorn- 
hill,  one  of  the  best  beloved  physicians  and  a  kind, 
modest  and  generous  man ;  2 2d,  Peter  Williams,  and 
the  25th,  J.  F.  Slaughter;  February  4,  J.  Philip 
Shaner;  March  3,  W.  L.  Bowman;  18th,  John  Mc- 
Conville,  and  30th,  George  A.  Diuguid,  the  veteran 
undertaker,  all  worthy  citizens.  May  22,  Colonel 
Daniel  A.  Wilson  ;  10th,  John  McCarty;  27th,  Charles 
Camm;  June  2d,  Ed.  J.  Burton;  18th,  J.  D.  M.  Ferguson 
was  killed  on  the  Chesapeake  and  Ohio  trestle;  22d, 
John  L.  Hutter;  23d,  Frank  H.  Jennings ;  24th,  Joe 
Landrum,  killed  by  a  fall  from  Cohn's  building ;  26th, 
H.  J.  Abrams ;  27th,  Robert  D.  Victor ;  30th,  J.  T. 
Woodson,  an  old  citizen ;  July  5,  W.  F.  Robertson ; 
21st,  J.  J.  Landrum  ;  24th,  J.  W.  Maher;  27th,  James 
Ammon  Hancock,  son  of  James  Hancock  ;  August  1 7, 
Dr.  L.  Lambeth  and  William  Deacon;  September  11, 
Charles  M.  Watts;  15th,  Ed.  Nichols;  21st,  D.  Don- 
ovan ;  23d,  T.  H.  Ross  and  J.  Ball  Miller;  October  13, 
C.  L.  Hall;  15th,  John  W.  Jones ;  and  20th,  A.  Wad- 
dill,  old  citizens;  November  4,  J.  J.  Spencer;  14th, 
L.  E.  Litchford ;  December  1,  Wm.  O'Brien  ;  4th, 
Charles  D.  McGhee  ;  20th,  Dr.  W.  S.  Morris  ;  27th,  S. 
Levi;  28th,  Joe  Clemins,  more  of  the  old  citizens. 

The  effects  of  the  boom  were  still  keenly  felt ;  money 
was  scarce,  and  those  who  had  lost  their  homes  and  all 
in  this  land  speculation,  were  still  harassed  by  notes 
for  the  deferred  payments  on  lots  not  worth  the  first 
amount  paid.     Many  wondered  now  why  it  was  that 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        403 

those  who  questioned  the  solidity  of  the  boom  should 
have  been  thought  foolish. 

One  pleasant  thing  to  notice  at  the  beginning  of  1894 
was  the  gift  of  John  D.  Langhorne  to  the  Home  and 
Retreat.  He  presented  the  institution  with  a  paid-up 
life  insurance  policy  for  five  thousand  dollars.  This 
was  a  much  needed  gift,  and  it  enabled  the  managers  to 
remodel  and  refit  the  hospital. 

Several  other  occurrences  in  January  may  be  noted. 
The  Traders  Bank  was  organized  ;  Frank  P.  Christian 
was  elected  Judge  of  the  Hustings  Court,  to  succeed 
Judge  Diggs,  January,  1895.  The  State  convention 
of  the  Society  of  Christian  Endeavor  met  at  Court 
Street  church,  and  shortly  after  this  adjourned  Rev.  J. 
E.  Schoolfield  held  one  of  the  most  successful  meet- 
ings in  the  history  of  the  church.  The  next  month 
the  Carroll  was  opened.  Rev.  J.  S.  Felix  resigned  the 
pastorate  of  the  First  Baptist  church,  and  Rev.  G.  E. 
Truett,  of  College  Hill.  Successful  meetings  were 
held  at  Centenary  by  the  pastor.  Rev.  W.  H.  Atwill, 
and  at  First  Presbyterian  church  by  Rev.  W.  D. 
Morton. 

Lieutenant-General  Jubal  A.  Early  died  at  his  home 
here  March  2,  from  the  effects  of  a  fall  previously  re- 
ceived. He  was  born  in  Franklin  county  in  1816,  was 
colonel  in  the  Mexican  War,  and  lieutenant-general  in 
the  Civil  War.  After  the  war  he  made  Lynchburg  his 
home.  He  was  connected  with  the  Louisiana  State 
Lottery  for  many  years  before  his  death.  His  funeral 
was  from  St.  Paul's  on  the  5th,  and  there  was  a  great 


404  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

military  display  in  his  honor.  The  services  were  con- 
ducted by  Eev.  T.  M.  Carson.  The  following  was 
the  order  of  procession  : 

Chief  Marshal,  Colonel  M.  S.  Langhome. 

Assistants  :  Colonel  J.  W.  Watts  ;  Majors  P.  J.  Otey,  W.  H. 
Pryor,  J.  C.  Featherston,  N.  M.  Moorman;  Captains  R.  H.  T.  Adams, 
Ridgeway  Holt,  Stephen  Adams,  E.  A.  Riggers  ;  Judge  George 
Christian,  Richmond  ;  Captain  Gordon  McCabe,  Petersburg  ;  Colonel 
Frank  Huger,  Roanoke  ;  Colonel  W.  H.  Taylor,  Norfolk  ;  Colonel 
G.  C.  Cabell,  Danville,  and  Colonel  R.  T.  W.  Duke,  Charlottesville. 

Confederate  Camps  from  Lynchbiu-g,  Richmond,  Norfolk,  Ports- 
mouth, Petersburg,  and  other  places. 

Virginia  Military  Institute  Cadets,  Lynchburg  Home  Guard, 
Artillery  Blues,  Fitz  Lee  Troop,  Zouaves. 

Visiting  companies. 

Members  of  General  Early's  staff. 

Representative  of  the  governor  and  his  staff. 

Hearse,  carriages,  citizens  on  horse,  lire  department. 

The  active  pall-bearers  were  :  Colonel  L.  S.  Marye,  Captains  C. 
I.  Johnson,  J.  W.  Dickerson,  J.  Franklin,  Jr.,  R.  Fairfax,  George 
Moore,  Jr.,  C.  K.  Nelson,  General  J.  H.  Smith,  Colonel  R.  T. 
Craighill,  W.  B.  Snead,  W.  M.  Seay,  H.  W.  Doyle,  Major  A.  J. 
Hewett  and  L.  P.  Rodes. 

Honorary  :  Generals  W.  H.  Payne,  D.  H.  Maury,  Eppa  Hun- 
ton,  Fitzhugh  Lee,  L.  L.  Lomax,  Colonels  C.  S.  Venable,  A. 
Forsberg,  Captain  G.  E.  Dunn,  Major  Albert  Akers,  G.  T.  Green, 
and  Revs.  T.  M.  Carson  and  R.  H.  Fleming. 

When  Spring  Hill  Cemetery  was  reached  the  body 
was  lowered  into  the  ground,  near  the  place  General 
Eai'ly  stood  during  the  defense  of  Lynchburg.  After 
the  service  at  the  grave  a  salute  was  fired  by  the  Cadets, 
and  when  the  flowers  had  been  placed  "  taps,"  "  lights 
out "  was  sounded,  and  the  courageous  man  and  fearless 
leader  was  left  to  the  silence  of  the  tomb. 

The  General  Assembly  passed  suitable  resolutions  in 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        405 

regard  to  General  Early's  death,  the  Governor  ordered 
all  flags  at  half-mast,  and  the  Richmond  Howitzers 
fired  minute  guns  while  the  funeral  was  in  progress. 

The  people  were  still  complaining  of  hard  times,  and 
to  add  to  the  bad  condition  of  affairs,  the  Glamorgan 
Works  burned  up  on  the  night  of  April  9,  throwing 
out  of  work  more  than  three  hundred  men,  and  destroy- 
ing thousands  of  dollars  of  property.  It  was  soon 
announced  that  the  plant  would  be  rebuilt,  and  this  gave 
a  ray  of  hope. 

The  citizens  were  not  very  busy  at  this  time,  and 
they  could  aiford  to  take  recreation.  The  Home  Guard, 
Artillery  Blues,  Zouaves,  and  many  veterans  and  other 
citizens,  went  to  Richmond  to  the  unveiling  of  the  Sol- 
diers' and  Sailors'  monument,  May  29.  During  the 
whole  summer  crowds  enjoyed  the  baseball ;  nearly 
every  afternoon  many  went  to  Rivermont  Ball  Park 
to  witness  the  game. 

The  first  commencement  of  Randolph-Macon  Wo- 
man's College  was  held  June  14  and  15.  Rev.  Dr.  A. 
Coke  Smith  preached  the  sermon,  and  Rev.  Dr.  S.  A. 
Steel  made  the  address.  The  friends  of  the  College 
were  much  pleased  with  this  first  year's  work,  and 
Lynchburgers  congratulated  themselves  upon  having 
the  institution. 

A  good  deal  of  trouble  was  caused  by  the  council, 
after  much  discussion,  deciding  to  build  a  city  electric 
light  plant.  Then  the  decision  was  revoked,  and  again 
it  was  decided  to  build  it  for  the  city.  The  opponents 
of  the  plan  now  sued  out  an  injunction  and  the  matter 


406  LYNCHBUEG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

was  carried  into  court.  The  case  was  decided  against 
the  city,  and  the  Rivermont  Company  was  engaged  to 
furnish  the  lights.  Many  regretted  that  this  effort  for 
municipal  ownership  should  have  been  defeated. 

There  were  many  changes  in  the  churches  this  year. 
Rev.  Dorsey  Blake  succeeded  Rev.  S.  R.  Murray  at 
the  Methodist  Protestant  church ;  Rev.  Dr.  F.  C.  Mc- 
Connell  accepted  a  call  to  the  First  Baptist  church,  and 
preached  his  first  sermon  June  3.  Rev.  C.  J.  Thomp- 
son accepted  a  call  to  College  Hill ;  Rev.  J.  C.  Reed 
succeeded  Rev.  Dr.  E.  M.  Peterson  at  Memorial ;  Rev. 
O.  Littleton  was  made  presiding  elder  of  the  Lynch- 
burg district.  The  Woman's  Missionary  Society  of  the 
Virginia  Conference  held  its  annual  session  here,  and 
Rev.  Theron  Rice  held  a  successful  meeting  at  West- 
minster church. 

At  the  November  election  Major  P.  J.  Otey  was 
elected  to  Congress  over  J.  Hampton  Hoge. 

An  enterprise  started  near  the  close  of  the  year  of 
much  interest  to  the  citizens  was  the  new  telephone 
company  known  as  the  Home  Company;  W.  P.  Rob- 
erts, president;  Edward  Franklin,  vice-president; 
Walker  Pettyjohn,  secretary  and  treasurer.  This  com- 
pany brought  down  the  price  of  telephones  considerably 
and  in  that  way  put  many  in  use. 

The  death  record  this  year  contained  the  names  of 
many  old  citizens.  January  8,  H.  H.  Lewis,  one  of 
the  oldest  tobacconists,  in  his  eighty-fourth  year  ;  9th, 
A.  J.  DeWitt,  an  old  newspaper  man,  and  on  the  same 
day  Dr.  W.  A.  McKinncy,  a  bright  young  man ;  Feb- 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        407 

ruary  21st,  J.  S.  Watson  ;  March  31,  Major  George  M. 
Murrell,  in  his  eighty-fifth  year,  one  of  our  best 
citizens;  April  5,  Keuben  C.  Akers ;  19th,  L.  E. 
Cofiee;  May  15,  S.  B.  Anderson;  17th,  Eddie 
Garbee  was  drowned  ;  June  9,  W.  F.  Ryan,  killed  ;  9th, 
James  Crumpton,  and  the  same  day  Rev.  Josiah  Clift, 
an  old  citizen  and  an  honored  local  preacher  in  the 
Methodist  Protestant  Church;  29th,  W.  H.  Loyd  ;  30th, 
John  Q.  Adams  ;  July  8,  N.  C.  Manson,  an  old  and  well 
known  citizen  and  a  lawyer  here  for  many  years  ;  1 5th, 
John  E.  Krause  ;  28th,  S.  M.  Burch,  and  on  same  day 
J.  W.  Faulkner,  a  successful  druggist;  29th,  S.  D.  Hills- 
man  ;  30th,  Norman  Harvey,  drowned ;  August  5,  W. 
P.  Daniel,  son  of  Major  John  W.  Daniel,  was  killed 
by  a  horse  ;  25,  W.  W.  Larkin,  a  well  known  lawyer ; 
September  10,  J.  W.  Callahan;  25th,  R.  Matthews; 
October  12,  E.  J.  Folkes,  a  public  spirited  citizen; 
15th,  C.  C.  Price,  a  young  man;  24th,  R.  H.  Bell,  another 
old  citizen;  and  26th,  W.  C.  Ballagh ;  November  14, 
Frank  Bragassa,  a  leading  confectioner ;  2 2d,  J.  Balda 
Crenshaw,  police  justice  for  fifteen  years  ;  December  29, 
Charles  W.  Button,  one  of  the  oldest  citizens  and  best 
known  journalists  in  the  State.  He  came  to  Lynch- 
burg in  1856  and  took  charge  of  the  Virginian,  which 
he  owned  and  edited  until  1885.  His  funeral  was 
from  the  Methodist  Protestant  Church,  of  which  he  was 
long  a  devoted  member. 

One  of  the  first  occurrences  of  1895  was  a  sad  one. 
The  weather  had  been  cold  and  skating  on  the  river 
was   good.     Among  those  who  were  enjoying  it  were 


408  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

George  Wightman  and  Reuben  Johnson,  boys  fourteen 
and  seventeen.  Skating  where  the  ice  was  thm,  they 
broke  in  and  before  help  reached  them  both  were 
drowned.  The  untimely  end  of  these  boys  cast  gloom 
over  the  whole  city. 

Since  the  boom  the  crookedness  and  defalcations, 
especially  in  banks,  had  l^een  almost  unprecedented,  and 
Lynchburg  had  not  escaped.  In  February  the  town 
was  startled  by  irregularities  in  the  First  National 
Bank.  The  solvency  of  the  bank  was  not  jeopardized, 
but  the  affair  was  much  regretted. 

The  Art  League  was  organized  this  year  and  did 
much  to  increase  interest  in  the  study  of  art.  An  im- 
portant meeting  was  that  held  at  Westminster  church, 
March  4.  It  had  been  decided  to  move  the  Union 
Theological  Seminary  from  near  Farmville  to  one  of 
the  Virginia  cities.  This  meeting  was  called  to  secure 
it  for  Lynchburg,  if  possible.  Rev.  Dr.  R.  H.  Flem- 
ing was  made  president  ;  Richard  Hancock,  secretary, 
and  Wm.  Kinnier,  treasurer.  The  movement  assumed 
a  large  proportion,  and  the  council  agreed  to  donate,  on 
behalf  of  the  city,  a  sight  in  Rivermont  or  West  Lynch- 
burg. Many  individuals  offered  to  make  liberal  sub- 
scriptions, and  at  one  time  it  seemed  as  if  Lynchburg 
would  be  the  place,  but  Richmond  offered  better  ad- 
vantages and  secured  it. 

Another  hospital  was  opened  here  this  same  month  by 
Drs.  Terrell  and  Lile.  It  was  located  on  Church 
street,  and  called  St.  Andrew's  Home. 

Lynchburg  was  glad  to  welcome  General  Fitzhugh 


oi  tne 

Men's    ! 


:iild  a  h  tructur; 

jsting  month.    Un  ihe  8t.h  a  iar; 
of  the  courthoust"' in  -v-.t,,.-.. 

time  before  thr- 1 


"(jQdQ.c  U   uifj.' 

until 'only  tLv.  -.-■^.  -. 
month    the    sacl    nev 
iTone  down  ; 


r  vainoV. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        409 

Lee  as  one  of  its  citizens.  After  the  death  of  Captain 
Shepperd,  he  was  appointed  collector  of  internal  revenue 
for  the  Western  District  of  Virginia,  and  took  charge 
of  the  office  May  1.  Several  days  later  the  Young 
Men's  Institute,  a  branch  of  the  American  Catholic 
fraternity,  was  organized  here.  The  object  of  the  as- 
sociation was  the  uplifting  of  young  men  of  that  de- 
nomination. The  building,  corner  Church  and  Twelfth 
streets,  was  opened  as  a  home,  but  it  was  expected  later 
to  build  a  handsome  structure.  May  seemed  an  inter- 
esting month.  On  the  8th  a  large  crowd  gathered  back 
of  the  courthouse  to  witness  an  unusual  sight.  A  short 
time  before  the  police  had  raided  several  gambling  dens, 
and  on  this  occasion  Sergeant  Johnson,  under  instruc- 
tions from  the  court,  was  to  burn  their  paraphernalia. 
Fine  mahogany  tables  and  other  valuable  furniture,  with 
gambling  apparatus,  was  piled  up  and  fire  set  to  it.  It 
made  a  big  blaze  and  was  watched  by  the  spectators 
until  only  the  ashes  were  left.  Near  the  close  of  the 
month  the  sad  news  came  that  the  "  Colima "  had 
gone  down  between  Manzanillo  and  Acapulco,  and  that 
all  on  board  were  drowned,  among  whom  was  George 
Langhorne,  the  second  officer,  a  Lynchburg  boy,  the 
grandson  of  Rev.  George  W.  Langhorne. 

There  were  two  outside  matters  in  which  Lynchburg 
was  interested.  Trouble  among  the  miners  at  Poca- 
hontas was  again  started,  and  Governor  O'Ferrall  or- 
dered the  Fitz  Lee  Troop  and  the  Home  Guard  there 
to  maintain  order.  There  was  no  fighting,  so  the  boys 
enjoyed  the  trip.     The  news  came  that  on  July  29 


410  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

Professor  John  B.  Minor,  the  old  and  honored  professor 
of  law  at  the  University,  had  died.  The  next  day  the 
bar  held  a  meeting  and  adopted  suitable  resolutions, 
expressing  the  great  loss  the  State  had  sustained. 

Lynchburg  was  experiencing  one  of  the  worst  droughts 
in  its  history,  when  two  visitors  of  note  came  to  the  city. 
The  first  was  October  5,  when  the  Liberty  Bell,  in 
charge  of  a  guard,  stopped  here.  A  great  crowd  gath- 
ered to  see  the  brazen  throat  that  first  "  proclaimed 
liberty  throughout  the  land  to  the  inhabitants  thereof." 
Colonel  L.  S.  Marye  and  Rev.  Dr.  R.  H,  Fleming 
made  suitable  speeches  on  this  occasion.  On  the  24th 
President  Cleveland  was  here  a  few  hours,  and  shook 
hands  with  many  citizens  ;  afterwards  he  shook  the  con- 
fidence of  more. 

Sunday,  October  27,  was  one  of  those  beautiful  days 
in  the  fall  that  made  the  people  feel  that  they  must  be 
out  in  the  bracing  air  and  bright  sunshine.  There  was 
a  hush  over  the  city,  for  it  was  the  hour  of  morning 
worship  and  every  church  was  well  filled.  Suddenly 
the  rumbling  of  the  fire  engines  and  wagons  was  heard 
in  the  street.  What  could  it  be?  There  was  no 
alarm  of  fire.  The  news  soon  spread  that  a  telegram 
had  come  calling  for  help  to  save  Virginia's  pride. 
The  University  was  on  fire,  and  the  Charlottesville 
companies  were  not  sufficient.  A  train  was  quickly 
put  in  place  and  in  two  hours  the  Lynchburg  depart- 
ment was  on  the  campus.  Alas  !  it  was  too  late ;  the 
rotunda  was  in  ashes,  and  the  library,  with  its  rare  and 
valuable  books,  papers  and  paintings,  was  destroyed. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        411 

It  was  sad  news  for  Lynchburg.  A  few  days  later  the 
ahimni  here  held  a  meeting  at  the  Y.  M.  C.  A.  Hall, 
Dr.  R.  W.  Martin  presiding.  Several  speeches  were 
made  and  resolutions  passed  asking  the  Legislature  to 
appropriate  funds  to  replace  the  building  according  to 
the  former  plan.  The  committee  to  present  the  me- 
morial was  Chas.  M.  Blackford,  P.  A.  Krise,  E.  C. 
Glass,  Judge  J.  S.  Diggs  and  Judge  J.  D.  Horsley.  It 
was  also  proposed  to  start  a  collection  here  among  the 
citizens  to  assist  in  rebuilding.  This  was  done,  and  a 
large  amount  was  contributed. 

The  city  was  having  a  gread  deal  of  trouble  with  the 
West  Lynchburg  Street  Car  Company.  The  service 
was  worse  than  that  of  the  old  horse  cars  and  much 
more  dangerous.  The  company  was  fined  by  the  mayor 
again  and  again,  and  had  taken  an  appeal.  The  object 
was  to  force  the  old  company  either  to  vacate  or  im- 
prove. After  more  than  a  year  of  continued  ineffi- 
ciency and  trouble  the  line  was  sold  by  order  of  the 
court  and  thoroughly  improved. 

An  old  Lynchburger,  Hon.  Allen  G.  Thurman,  died 
in  Columbus,  Ohio,  December  12.  He  was  born  here 
in  the  little  house  on  Harrison  street,  November  13, 
1813,  and  had  lived  here  until  he  was  a  young  man. 
The  place  of  his  nativity  felt  proud  of  the  fine  record 
he  had  made. 

Another  link  of  the  past  was  passing  away.  Sunday, 
15th,  was  the  last  day  in  old  St.  Paul's.  Rev.  T.  M. 
Carson  conducted  appropriate  services.  What  memo- 
ries arose  as  the  old  bell  for  the  last  time  called  the 


412  LYNCHBURG   AND   ITS    PEOPLE. 

worshipers  together  in  the  sacred  building  !  The  famil- 
iar faces  that  pass  before  us,  the  solemn  services  of  the 
days  past,  the  happy  marriages,  the  sad  funerals  !  The 
next  Sunday  the  first  service  was  held  in  the  new 
church,  conducted  by  the  Revs.  T.  M.  Carson  and  T. 
H.  Lacy.  As  St.  Paul's  was  the  first  to  introduce  an 
organ  in  the  church,  so  on  this  occasion  it  first  intro- 
duced a  surpliced  choir. 

Other  old  landmarks  that  were  passing  away  were 
the  ponds,  at  the  east  end  of  Main  street,  where  the  boys 
once  enjoyed  fishing  and  skating. 

This  year  there  had  been  many  changes  in  the  city 
churches.  Rev.  E.  A.  Warfield  was,  in  April,  sent  to 
the  Methodist  Protestant  church  ;  Rev.  Dr.  W.  T.  Hall 
had  been  elected  to  the  chair  of  theology  in  Columbia, 
S.  C,  Seminary,  and  had  accepted,  taking  effect  July 
1.  Dr.  Hall  was  much  beloved  here  by  all  denomina- 
tions, and  a  farewell  meeting  was  held  in  his  honor  at 
the  First  Baptist  church,  June  30.  Rev.  A.  S.  Rachal 
was  called  to  Bethesda  church.  Rev.  L.  B.  Betty,  at 
Court  Street,  was  succeeded  by  Rev.  Dr.  A.  Coke 
Smith,  and  Rev.  W.  H.  Atwell,  at  Centenary,  by  Rev. 
Dr.  G.  H.  Ray ;  Rev.  P.  H.  Clements  was  sent  to 
South  View,  and  Rev.  Porter  Hardy  to  Madison. 

At  the  close  of  the  year  it  looked  as  if  we  were  to 
have  a  war  with  Great  Britain.  There  was  a  dispute 
between  England  and  Venezuela  over  a  certain  boun- 
dary line,  and  the  United  States  was  calling  attention 
to  the  Monroe  Doctrine.  Little  heed  was  paid  to  what 
our  government  said  until  Mr.  Cleveland  sent  a  mes- 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        413 

sage  to  Congress  that  unless  England  recognized  the 
Monroe  Doctrine  the  United  States  would  go  to  war. 
The  Garland-Rodes  Camp  of  Confederate  Veterans 
met  and  endorsed  President  Cleveland's  action,  and  if 
need  be  they  would  have  endorsed  it  with  their  blood, 
as  they  did  States  Rights  in  the  sixties.  This  was  not 
needed,  however,  for  England  came  to  terms  and  the 
matter  was  settled. 

The  deaths  this  year  were  :  January  11,  M.  Byrne ; 
19th,  Dr.  M.  R.  Bohanan,  a  soldier  in  the  Mexican 
War  ;  March  11,  J.  A.  Campbell ;  17th,  Edgar  Frank- 
lin, a  bright  young  man;  21st,  O.  Thomas,  an  old 
citizen  ;  24th,  Robert  Kinnier ;  April  2,  W.  J.  Cheat- 
ham ;  5th,  J.  W.  Martin,  drowned  near  Big  Island ; 
6th,  Colonel  P.  T.  Withers,  an  old  citizen  ;  1 1  th,  Cap- 
tain Ham  Shepperd ;  24th,  Charles  Brown,  killed  by 
fall  from  Traders  Bank  building ;  28th,  Samuel  Pat- 
terson, in  his  eighty-first  year ;  May  1,  John  Clark,  a 
leading  business  man ;  July  8,  Horton  Hickey ;  2 2d, 
Arthur  Helblg ;  August  5,  John  Morrison  ;  23d,  R.  I. 
Harris ;  September  1,  Richard  Leckie ;  9th,  John  D. 
Holt,  a  prominent  business  man  ;  12th,  F.  A.  Kinckle, 
a  well-known  citizen ;  13th,  W.  B.  Tinsley ;  October 
10,  Dr.  J.  V.  Hobson,  a  physician  here  from  1840  to 
1850,  and  an  old  Virginia  gentleman;  16th,  Mosby 
PI.  Payne,  a  good  citizen ;  1 7th,  James  M.  Casey,  an 
old  Irish  citizen ;  23d,  Joseph  Lawson ;  25th,  E.  T. 
Bowling ;  29th,  John  Kelley ;  November  14,  Captain 
Jesse  Irving ;  24th,  J.  F.  Kinnear,  a  prominent  business 
man  ;  December  28,  W.  A.  Ford,  a  leading  tobacconist. 


414  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

January  1,  1896,  Lynchburg  was  slowly  recovering 
from  the  hard  times,  and  business  was  gradually  getting 
to  its  normal  condition,  although  it  could  not  be  said 
that  the  evil  effects  of  the  boom  had  passed  away. 
The  people  had  accepted  the  situation  as  largely  brought 
about  by  themselves,  and  were  trying  to  make  the  best 
of  it. 

The  activity  in  the  churches  at  this  time  was  notice- 
able. The  usual  week  of  prayer  was  observed,  and  fol- 
lowing this  Rev.  J.  E.  Schoolfield  held  a  successful 
meeting  at  Centenary.  Cabell  Street  Baptist  church 
was  organized  on  the  19th,  with  Rev.  F.  P.  Robertson 
pastor,  and  February  2  Rev.  F.  T.  McFaden  began  his 
pastorate  at  the  First  Presbyterian  church,  although  he 
was  not  installed  until  April.  The  following  month 
Rev.  J.  W.  B.  Smith  succeeded  Rev.  A.  H.  Ferguson 
as  pastor  of  the  Christian  church.  There  had  been  few 
deaths  that  caused  more  sorrow  here  than  that  of  Rev. 
T.  E.  Coulbourne  at  Pittston,  Pa.,  March  11.  He  had 
been  pastor  of  the  Methodist  Protestant  church  here 
for  eight  years,  and  by  his  sterling  Christian  character 
and  devotion  to  his  work  had  endeared  himself  to  all 
who  knew  him.  The  scene  around  his  death-bed  was 
calm  and  beautiful.  After  giving  some  directions,  he 
said  :  "  That  is  all ;  now  if  the  Lord  calls  I  am  ready," 
and  later  he  whispered  as  the  attendant  bent  over  him, 
"Stand  back  and  leave  me  alone  with  Jesus."  His 
funeral  took  place  from  the  church  here,  and  the  sor- 
rowing crowd  followed  his  remains  to  Spring  Hill 
cemetery.  The  Open  Door  Mission  held  its  third  anni- 


LYNCHBtrilG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  415 

versaiy  on  the  13th.  In  a  quiet  way  much  good  was 
accomplished  by  this  religious  organization. 

General  Fitzhugh  Lee  was  appointed  consul  general 
to  Cuba  April  15,  and  left  here  for  his  post  of  duty  June 
1.  This  was  a  very  responsible  position,  especially  at 
this  time,  when  the  war  between  Cuba  and  Spain  was 
going  on,  and  the  sympathy  of  the  United  States  was 
with  Cuba.  General  Weyler  had  already  been  burned 
in  effigy  in  some  places,  and  arms  and  ammunition  had 
been  secretly  sent  to  the  oppressed  Cubans.  General 
Lee's  friends  here  wished  him  much  success,  and  they 
felt  assured  that  he  was  the  right  man  for  the  important 
office. 

Some  improvements  were  going  on  in  the  city. 
George  M.  Jones  had  given  the  "Woman's  College  fifteen 
thousand  dollars  for  a  memorial  library,  and  this  was 
being  erected.  The  Lynchburg  Lidustrial  Association, 
H.  P.  Woodson,  secretary,  had  done  much  for  the  city, 
and  was  now  issuing  a  pamphlet  setting  forth  its  com- 
mercial and  industrial  advantages.  The  Stamford  Man- 
ufacturing Company  was  building  a  large  plant  for  the 
manufacture  of  dye-stuffis,  and  in  July  the  Plow 
Works,  a  corporation  composed  of  Lynchburg  capi- 
talists, was  organized,  with  George  P.  Watkins,  presi- 
dent, and  J.  H.  McWane,  vice-president. 

The  people  were  enjoying  some  special  privileges  in 
social  life.  General  John  B.  Gordon  delivered  his 
lecture  on  "  The  Last  Days  of  the  Confederacy"  here 
May  1.  The  Lyceum  Association  had  added  much  to 
the  pleasure  of  the  citizens  during  the  past  season,  and 


416  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

the  college  had  given  several  musical  and  literary  en- 
tertainments. At  the  commencement  this  year  the 
sermon  by  Bishop  J.  C.  Granbery  and  the  addresses  by 
Bishop  O.  P.  Fitzgerald  and  Rev.  Dr.  Bigham  were 
enjoyed.  Several  years  before,  Frederick  Douglass  ad- 
dressed the  colored  people  at  Jackson  Street  church, 
and  about  this  time  Booker  T.  Washington,  another 
leader  among  his  race,  addressed  them  at  the  same  place. 
The  Methodists  had  been  preparing  for  some  time 
for  the  greatest  gathering  of  young  people  ever  held  in 
the  city — the  first  State  Conference  of  the  Epworth 
League.  Moorman's  M'arehouse  had  been  secured  for 
the  place  of  meeting,  and  had  been  fitted  with  seats, 
and  beautifully  decorated  with  blue  and  gold.  It  was 
dedicated  the  Epworth  League  Tabernacle,  June  24.  The 
delegates  began  to  arrive  in  crowds,  and  when  the  Con- 
ference opened  on  the  night  of  the  25th  there  were  about 
fifteen  hundred  here.  The  large  auditorium  was  filled  to 
overflowing  wdien  the  opening  exercises  began.  After 
devotional  services  J.  B.  Gregory  made  a  brief  address, 
and  he  was  followed  by  Judge  Frank  P.  Christian,  who 
welcomed  the  visitors  on  behalf  of  the  city,  and  Rev. 
Dr.  A.  Coke  Smith  on  behalf  of  the  churches.  The 
response  was  made  by  Rev.  W.  H.  D.  Harper.  The 
Conference  lasted  until  Sunday  night,  28th,  and  there 
was  great  enthusiasm.  This  was  evinced  by  the  col- 
lection which  was  taken  after  Bishop  Galloway's  sermon, 
amounting  to  fifteen  hundred  dollars  to  support  a  mis- 
sionary in  Corea.  Among  the  prominent  speakers 
were  Bishop  Granbery,  Rev.  Hugh  Johnson,  and  Rev. 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  417 

George  Stuart.  The  speech  of  the  last  named  on 
temperance  was  the  greatest  of  its  kind  ever  delivered 
here.  Monday  the  leaguers  departed  with  many  ex- 
pressions of  appreciation  of  the  Hill  City's  great  hospi- 
tality. 

The  time  for  Lynchburgers  to  attend  a  great  gather- 
ing was  now  come.  The  Home  Guard,  the  Zouaves,  the 
Confederate  -veterans  and  many  citizens,  went  to  Rich- 
mond to  be  present  at  the  Confederate  Reunion,  and 
the  laying  of  the  corner-stone  of  the  Jefferson  Davis 
monument,  July  1 .  It  was  a  great  occasion  and  second 
only  to  the  unveiling  of  the  Lee  monument. 

One  of  the  most  vigorous  political  campaigns  since 
the  war  began  was  when  William  J.  Bryan  was  nominated 
by  the  Free  Silver  Democrats,  William  McKinley  by 
the  Republicans,  and  Palmer  and  Buckner  by  the  Gold 
Democrats.  The  majority  of  Democrats  here  seemed 
to  favor  Bryan  and  free  coinage  of  silver  sixteen  to 
one,  but  the  gold  standard  men,  though  not  so  numer- 
ous, stood  firmly  by  their  convictions.  One  very 
marked  characteristic  of  the  canvass  was  the  large 
amount  of  literature  distributed,  and  the  wide  reading 
on  the  currency  question.  The  excitement  grew  so  in- 
tense that  at  one  time  there  was  fear  of  serious  trouble. 
Everywhere  free  silver  was  being  discussed,  and  some- 
times these  private  discussions  lasted  for  hours.  Oc- 
tober 16  Thomas  F.  Grady,  of  New  York,  spoke  at 
Moorman's  warehouse  for  Bryan,  and  the  next  night 
Thomas  J.  Kirkpatrick  addressed  a  gold  standard  meet- 
ing at  the  Opera  House.     One  of  the  largest  and  most 


418  LYNCHBURG    AND   ITS   PEOPLE. 

enthusiastic  meetings  ever  held  here  was  on  the  20th, 
when  John  W.  Daniel  addressed  from  three  to  five 
thousand  citizens  at  Moorman's  upon  the  advantages  of 
free  silver.  Among  the  other  speakers  were  Messrs. 
Montague,  Staples,  Ingalls  and  Judge  Rhea.  When 
November  3  had  passed  jSIcKinley  and  Hobart  were 
elected,  and  the  gold  standard  established. 

Another  large  gathering  of  young  people  here  was 
the  Fourth  Annual  Convention  of  the  Baptist  Young 
People's  Union,  which  held  its  opening  session  at  the 
First  Baptist  church,  Tuesday  evening,  October  13.  J. 
Garland  Pollard  presided,  and  the  address  of  welcome 
on  behalf  of  the  churches  was  made  by  Dr.  F.  C.  Mc- 
Connell,  and  on  behalf  of  the  city  by  Don  P.  Halsey. 
The  response  was  made  by  H.  G,  Avery.  The  con- 
vention lasted  several  days,  and  there  were  many  inter- 
esting addresses  and  discussions  in  regard  to  the  work 
of  the  young  people  in  the  church. 

Following  this,  Schraeder,  the  "  divine  healer,"  came 
with  his  great  pretensions,  and  November  11,  the  Vir- 
ginia Conference  of  the  M.  E.  Church,  South,  met  at 
Court  Street,  Bishop  W.  W.  Duncan,  presiding.  Only 
two  changes  were  made  here :  Rev.  W.  Asbury  Chris- 
tian was  appointed  to  succeed  Rev.  Dr.  G.  H.  Ray  at 
Centenary,  and  Rev.  L.  C.  Shearer  succeeded  Rev.  L. 
T.  Williams  at  Trinity. 

Lynchburg  had  several  times  tried  to  establish  a 
public  library,  but  had  not  succeeded.  December  21,  a 
meeting  for  this  purpose  was  held.  John  W.  Craddock 
presided  and  Rev.  Dr.  A.  Coke  Smith,  Captain  C.  M. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        419 

Blackford  and  others  spoke,  urging  the  necessity  of 
such  an  institution.  It  seemed  as  if  it  would  be  secured 
before  very  long,  so  February  of  next  year  Judge 
Whittle,  of  the  Circuit  Court,  granted  a  charter  to  the 
Lynchburg  Public  Library.  It  has  not  been  built,  but 
it  is  to  be  hoped  that  some  day  it  will  be. 

The  citizens  who  had  died  this  year  were  :  J.  AV. 
Lawson,  January  25 ;  H.  P.  Watts,  February  3  ; 
Richard  Adams,  March  18  ;  Charles  Langhorne,  31st; 
J.  R.  Lindsay,  April  3  ;  A.  J.  Nolan,  8th  ;  Major  R.  H. 
Glass,  one  of  our  most  distinguished  citizens.  May  7  ; 
he  was,  for  a  long  time,  editor  of  the  Republican,  and 
later  of  the  Advance  and  JVetvs.  He  was  a  bright  man 
and  a  strong  writer.  Cornelius  McNamara,  17th ;  Wave 
McGehee,  June  25 ;  Miller  Bocock,  29th ;  Vincent 
Rockecharlie,  July  1 ;  W.  D.  Miles,  29th ;  Charles  F. 
Moss,  August  1  ;  Mark  Anthony,  an  old  citizen,  Sep- 
tember 5  ;  S.  Burford,  28th  ;  Thomas  C.  Wilkes,  Octo- 
ber 12  ;  Joseph  Cohn,  a  prominent  business  man  and  a 
valiant  Confederate  soldier,  14th  ;  he  was  a  genial,  kind- 
hearted  man  and  was  highly  respected.  W.  W.  Thax- 
ton,  November  6  ;  J.  G.  Brady,  24th  ;  John  Suter,  25th ; 
Carrington  W.  Mosby,  a  prosperous  business  man,  was 
killed  while  hunting,  December  18. 

Ever  year  that  had  passed  since  the  boom  was  a 
year's  advance  towards  better  times.  The  people  had 
learned  a  great  lesson  in  the  school  of  experience,  not- 
withstanding the  enormous  cost  of  tuition.  There 
will  not  be  another  boom  in  this  generation.  Now, 
capital  was  coming  out  of  hiding  and  going  into  indus- 


420  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

tries,  and  the  volume  of  business  for  the  last  year,  both 
wholesale  and  retail,  had  been  large;  so  altogether  the 
prospect  for  1897  was  brighter  than  it  had  been  for 
years. 

The  Daughters  of  the  Confederacy,  an  organization 
of  patriotic  ladies,  were  trying  to  erect  a  monument 
in  honor  of  the  Confederate  soldiers  who  went  from 
Lynchburg.  They  worked  diligently,  and  it  is  hoped 
that  in  a  few  years  success  will  crown  their  efforts. 
This  same  month,  February,  the  State  Sunday-school 
Convention  met  at  Centenary,  and  the  educators  of  the 
colleges  and  the  University  of  the  State  held  a  meeting 
here  to  discuss  better  educational  methods. 

The  sensation  of  the  year  started  February  20.  A 
woman  named  Jameson  committed  suicide,  and  was 
buried,  in  the  presence  of  her  father,  in  the  City  ceme- 
tery. A  short  while  afterward  the  police  stopped  a 
negro  drayman  at  the  depot  with  a  mysterious  looking 
barrel.  It  was  discovered  that  in  the  barrel  Avas  the 
body  of  the  unfortunate  woman,  whicli  N.  J.  Farmer, 
the  keeper  of  the  cemetery,  was  sending  to  the  Uni- 
versity, acting,  as  he  thought,  under  the  instructions  of 
the  State  Anatomical  Board.  The  body  was  reinterred 
and  Farmer  arrested.  The  wildest  excitement  pre- 
vailed, especially  among  the  negroes  and  white  people 
who  had  friends  or  kindred  buried  in  this  cemetery ; 
they  thouglit  there  had  been  a  wholesale  grave  robbery, 
and  few,  if  any,  graves  had  escaped.  Large  crowds 
gathered  at  the  cemetery  and  many  graves  were  opened 
to  see  if  the  bodies  had  been  taken  out.     The  ea^er 


LVJsCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE.  421 

throng  "vvatched  every  spade  of  dirt  that  was  thrown 
out,  and  when  the  coffins  were  reached  and  opened  a 
great  sigh  of  relief  was  given  to  find  that  the  dead  had 
not  been  disturbed.  Such  a  scene  was  never  witnessed 
before.  Many  were  afraid  to  die,  because  they  thought 
their  bodies  might  be  sent  to  the  University,  and  at 
one  time  threats  of  personal  violence  were  made  against 
Farmer.  He  was  tried  in  the  Corporation  Court  and 
acquitted.  After  all,  this  solicitude  was  but  a  manifes- 
tation of  the  tender  feeling  cherished  by  our  people  for 
the  dead,  such  that  they  will  not  permit  the  rest  of  the 
grave  to  be  disturbed  even  for  the  purposes  of  science. 

A  pitiful  cry  had  come  to  this  country  from  famine- 
stricken  India,  and  Lynchburg  felt  moved  by  it ;  accord- 
ingly a  public  meeting  was  held  and  nearly  seven  hun- 
dred dollars  raised  for  the  starving  people. 

Now  Lynchburg  was  to  have  an  experience  very  un- 
common to  it,  a  bank  failure.  There  had  been  many 
financial  storms,  but  the  banks  had  stood ;  now  in  the 
better  times  there  was  a  failure.  May  12,  the  Traders 
Bank,  the  newest  in  the  city,  made  an  assignment  to 
Captain  C.  M.  Blackford  and  James  E.  Edmunds,  trus- 
tees. The  assets  were  three  hundred  and  thirty  thou- 
sand dollars,  largely  boom  stock  and  securities,  and  liabil- 
ities one  hundred  and  fifty  thousand  dollars.  An  in- 
junction was  asked  for  to  prevent  suits  against  the 
bank.  The  trouble  was  brought  about  by  mismanage- 
ment, and  some  of  the  officers  were  indicted,  but  were 
acquitted.  All  of  the  depositors  lost,  as  did  the  stock- 
holders and  the  board    of  directors,   especially    those 


422  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

who  had  guaranteed  the  payment  of  certain  obligations. 
Numerous  suits  were  entered,  but  little  was  ever  re- 
covered. 

The  election  for  councilraen  this  year  was  one  of  the 
most  hotly  contested  since  the  war.  The  regular  Demo- 
cratic nominees  were  opposed  by  what  was  called  the 
Independent  Eeform  Party.  The  fight  was  a  hard  one, 
but  when  the  polls  closed  the  Democratic  councilmen, 
with  one  exception,  were  elected.  Just  following  this, 
on  the  31st,  came  one  of  the  severest  earthquakes  ever 
experienced  here. 

In  the  seventies,  the  Magdalene  Society  for  the  res- 
cue of  fallen  women  was  organized,  and  continued  sev- 
eral years.  The  Open  Door  Mission  had  started  a 
similar  work,  and  it  had  continued  merely  local  until 
July  16,  when,  upon  petition  of  Mrs.  P.  Dirom,  Mrs. 
S.  O.  Fisher,  Miss  E.  B.  Keesee,  Mrs.  Spot  Fulkes  and 
Mrs.  K.  Otey,  Judge  Christian  granted  a  charter  to  the 
Crittenden  Home.  By  this  means  the  work  was  put 
upon  a  firm  basis,  and  brought  into  association  with 
like  homes  throughout  the  United  States,  that  are  aided 
by  that  noble  philanthropist,  Charles  N.  Crittenden. 
These  homes  are  doing  a  great  work  in  uplifting  the 
fallen  and  dejected. 

The  Klondike  gold  fever  struck  the  country  in  Au- 
gust, and  many  went  to  the  frozen  regions  to  seek  their 
fortunes.  Several  of  our  citizens  set  out  upon  the 
journey,  and  have  not  yet  returned  with  the  fabulous 
wealth  they  expected. 

One  of  the  landmarks  of  the  city,  the  old  residence 


LYNCHBUEG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        423 

of  Dr.  John  Patteson,  corner  of  Eleventh  and  Church 
streets,  had  been  torn  down  to  give  place  to  a  modern 
building.  The  handsome  building  that  had  been  erected 
on  the  site,  the  Home  of  the  Hill  City  Lodge,  was 
formally  opened  on  August  20.  A  large  crowd  in- 
spected the  new  edifice  and  enjoyed  the  delightful  re- 
freshments furnished  by  the  lodge. 

This  same  month  there  seemed  to  be  foretokens  of 
another  local  option  fight.  At  Centenary  church  a  series 
of  sermons  was  preached  by  the  pastor  on  "  The  Rela- 
tion of  the  Saloon  to  Modern  Civilization  ; "  then  fol- 
lowed special  sermons  on  the  evils  of  the  saloon  by 
Rev.  J.  C.  Reed,  of  Memorial,  Rev.  J.  W.  B.  Smith, 
of  the  Christian ;  Rev.  Dr.  A.  Coke  Smith,  of  Court 
Street,  and  Rev.  Dr.  F.  C.  McConnell,  of  First  Baptist 
church.  The  people  were  deeply  interested  in  the  sub- 
ject, and  notwithstanding  the  Virginian^  prediction 
that  there  would  never  be  another  local  option  contest 
after  the  first,  it  looked  as  if  the  third  was  soon  to  be 
inaugurated. 

The  Ministerial  Association  of  the  Christian  church 
met  here  October  5,  and  on  the  13th  the  Agricultural 
Fair  opened.  The  chief  attraction  this  year  was  Buffalo 
Bill's  Wild  West  show,  for  the  day  of  fairs  seemed  to 
have  passed,  and  many  thought  this  would  be  the  last 
held  here. 

This  same  month  the  Internal  Revenue  offices  for  the 
district  were  moved  to  Alexandria,  over  the  protests 
of  the  people  here. 

The  Presbyterians  of  Daniel's   Hill   had  begun    a 


424  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

new  church  on  Rivermont  avenue,  and  on  December  5th 
it  was  dedicated,  Revs.  R.  H.  Fleming,  F.  T.  McFaden, 
J.  A.  McMurray  and  T.  M.  McCorkle,  the  pastor,  tak- 
ing part.  At  Cabell  Street  Methodist  church  Rev.  G. 
W.  Dyer  had  succeeded  Rev.  Ernest  Stevens  as  pastor. 
It  was  the  14th  of  this  month  that  Major  John  W. 
Daniel  was  elected  to  the  United  States  Senate  for  the 
third  term — being  twice  elected  without  a  dissenting 
vote.  Major  Daniel  was  born  here  September  5,  1842, 
and  during  his  long  term  of  public  service  has  made  an 
honorable  record,  of  which  his  native  city  justly  feels 
proud.  In  the  war  he  was  second  lieutenant  in  the 
Rifle  Grays  and  later  adjutant  of  the  Eleventh  Virginia 
Regiment. 

Christmas  had  now  arrived,  and  according  to  a  well 
established  custom  Lynchburg  prepared  to  celebrate  it 
with  great  joy.  The  housekeeper  had  the  fruit  cake 
and  turkey  ready,  and  the  boys  with  squibs  and  horns 
were  fixed  for  Santa  Clause's  reception.  The  elaborate 
Sunday-school  entertainments  were  very  enjoyable,  and 
especially  to  those  who  had  no  gifts  at  home. 

For  a  little  while  we  must  linger,  again,  at  the  open 
grave,  that  we  may  record  the  names  of  those  citizens 
who  have  finished  their  work  and  gone  down  into  its 
silence.  Samuel  G.  Payne,  a  young  man,  died  January 
3,  and  Willis  N.  Mays,  one  of  our  oldest  citizens,  on 
the  28th.  February  4,  Rev.  Dr.  H.  H.  Harris  died  at 
his  sister's,  Mrs.  G.  W.  Thornhill.  He  had  long  been 
connected  with  Richmond  College  and  at  the  time  of 
his  death  was  professor  in  Louisville  Seminary.     On 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        425 

the  17tli  memorial  service  was  held  in  honor  of  him  at 
the  First  Baptist  church,  Rev.  Dr.  Connell  and  Rev. 
F.  P.  Robertson  taking  part.  John  M.  Payne,  a  young 
man,  died  February  10;  and  15th,  George  W.  Valen- 
tine, an  aged  citizen  and  a  good  man,  passed  aAvay ;  25th, 
General  Wyatt  M.  Elliott,  a  good  soldier  and  for  some 
years  clerk  of  United  States  Court  here,  died  ;  and  on 
the  27th,  ^¥.  W.  Coffee.  Dr.  E.  F.  Snead,  one  of  the 
leading  physicians  here  since  1887,  and  a  good  man, 
died  March  6  ;  and  John  Wall,  a  wealthy  citizen,  on 
the  9th.  April  5,  W.  J.  Seabury  :  and  May  17,  C.  F. 
"Woolfork.  Colonel  K.  Otey  died  suddenly,  June  1. 
He  was  born  here  October  19,  1829,  and  was  a  useful 
citizen  and  a  good  soldier.  His  funeral  Avas  from 
Court  Street  church,  and  the  Home  Guard,  of  which 
he  had  been  captain,  the  Zouaves,  Garland-Rodes 
Camp,  Masons,  Daughters  of  the  Confederacy  and  a  large 
crowd  of  sorrowing  friends  followed  the  remains  to 
Spring  Hill,  where,  after  "  taps "  had  been  sounded, 
the  flower-covered  grave  was  left  in  silence.  Colonel 
Frank  Huger,  for  a  number  of  years  a  citizen  of  Lynch- 
burg, died  in  Roanoke  and  was  interred  here  June  10. 
The  military  companies  were  at  the  Nashville  Exposi- 
tion, but  the  Garland-Rodes  Camp  and  many  friends 
escorted  the  body  to  Spring  Hill  cemetery.  W.  B. 
Davies  died  June  10,  and  J.  D.  Bigbie  the  23d  ;  E. 
A.  Allen,  August  4;  Alexander  Dunn  the  13th; 
Thomas  M.  Almond,  21st;  H.  B.  Jones,  24th;  IST.  S. 
Loyd,  an  old  citizen,  October  9  ;  W.  S.  Poindexter,  15th ; 
and  17th,  Major  Thomas  J.  Kirkpatrick,  one  of  Lynch- 


426  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

burg's  leading  lawyers  and  distinguished  citizens.  He 
came  here  in  1846,  and  was  a  citizen  for  more  than  fifty 
years.  When  the  war  began  he  organized  a  battery, 
partly  from  here  and  partly  from  Amherst.  For  forty 
years  he  had  been  Superintendent  of  the  First  Presby- 
terian Sunday-school.  The  bar  attended  his  funeral 
in  a  body  and  suitable  resolutions  in  regard  to  his 
death  were  spread  upon  the  records  of  the  court.  Octo- 
ber 26,  J.  S.  Dickey  died ;  November  10,  William 
Read,  an  old  citizen ;  and  T.  E.  Reynolds,  for  a  long 
time  connected  with  the  Virginia  and  Tennessee  road, 
December  1  ;  Alex.  McDonald,  another  prominent 
citizen,  died  on  the  14th.  For  a  long  time  he  had  been 
editor  of  the  Virginian,  and  later  of  other  papers,  until 
appointed  minister  to  Persia.  December  16,  West 
Ford ;  and  29th,  Walter  Thaxton  died. 

The  business  outlook  for  1898  was  very  good,  con- 
sidering that  the  whole  country  was  excited  over  our 
recognition  of  the  freedom  of  Cuba,  and  perhaps,  in 
consequence  of  it,  war  with  Spain.  The  long,  cruel 
war  in  Cuba  had  greatly  worked  on  the  sympathies  of 
the  people  of  the  United  States,  and  in  view  of  that 
our  relations  with  Spain  were  very  much  strained.  It 
was  thought  best  to  keep  a  war  ship  near  Havana  to 
protect  Consul-General  Fitzhugh  Lee,  and  other  Ameri- 
can citizens,  and  to  look  after  our  interest  there.  The 
"Maine"  was  ordered,  January  15,  to  proceed  to  Havana 
harbor,  and  reached  there  the  25th.  This  move  pro- 
duced great  excitement,  and  when  it  was  learned  that 
in  a  few  days  the   Spanish  ship  Vizcaya  would  appear 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        427 

oif  New  York,  excitement  was  increased.  But  this 
amounted  to  but  little  in  comparison  to  the  feeling  cre- 
ated by  the  announcement  that  at  9:40  p.  m.,  February 
15,  in  Havana  harbor,  the  '^  Maine  "  had  been  blown  up, 
and  that  two  officers  and  two  hundred  and  sixty-four 
men  had  been  killed,  among  whom  was  Nicholas  Smith, 
a  Lynchburg  boy.  The  people  were  wrought  up  to 
the  highest  tension,  crowds  gathered  around  the  bulletin 
boards,  and  it  was  almost  impossible  to  supply  the  de- 
mand for  newspapers.  Many  said,  "  This  means  war." 
Others  said,  "  Perhaps  not ;  let  us  wait  until  the  board 
of  investigation  reports."  The  people  eagerly  waited 
to  hear  the  result  of  the  inquiry,  which  was  that  the 
ship  had  been  destroyed  by  a  torpedo  or  something  of 
the  kind  from  the  outside.  Now  but  little  else  was  ex- 
pected than  war.  The  United  States  demanded  that 
war  in  Cuba  cease  at  once.  Spain  rejected  the  demand, 
and  April  16,  the  Senate  recognized  the  independence 
of  Cuba;  the  island  was  blockaded  on  the  2 2d,  and  on 
the  25th  war  was  formally  declared  to  exist  between 
this  country  and  Spain. 

The  war  was  the  subject  of  greatest  interest  at  this 
time,  but  there  were  local  affairs  of  importance  that 
came  in  for  their  share  of  consideration.  The  Young 
Men's  Christian  Association  Convention  met  here  Feb- 
ruary 17,  and  was  addressed  by  Hon.  W.  L.  Wilson, 
president  of  Washington  and  Lee  University.  General 
Wade  Hampton  was  here,  March  9,  on  a  visit  to  General 
T.  T.  Munford,  and  Mayor  Smith,  Thomas  D.  Davis, 
president,  with  the  other  members  of  the  council,  and 


428  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Carter  Glass,  editor  of  the  Neivs,  paid  him  an  official  visit 
on  behalf  of  the  city  in  recognition  of  his  service  in  sav- 
ing Lynchburg  from  Sheridan's  raid  during  the  Civil 
War. 

The  local  option  agitation  which  begun  last  August 
culminated  when  a  petition  for  an  election  signed  by 
over  seven  hundred  citizens  was  handed  Judge  Chris- 
tian. The  election  was  ordered  April  12,  and  imme- 
diately the  fight  began.  The  temperance  people  held  a 
large  mass  meeting  at  the  Opera  House,  March  18. 
After  a  number  of  speeches  the  work  was  organized, 
with  H.  E.  McWane,  chairman  of  the  executive  com- 
mittee, and  T.  N.  Davis,  chairman  of  the  advisory 
committee.  The  fight  was  an  earnest  one,  and  nearly 
every  night  meetings  were  held,  and  every  paper  had 
several  columns  devoted  to  the  discussion.  Among:  the 
speakers  for  local  option  were :  Revs.  A.  Coke  Smith, 
C.  J.  Thompson,  J.  C.  Reed,  F.  C.  McConnell,  G.  W. 
Dyer,  J.  W.  B.  Smith,  W.  A.  Christian  and  H.  E. 
McWane,  T.  M.  Terry,  G.  E.  Stephens,  colored,  and 
others.  April  9  and  10,  J.  G.  Woolly  made  two  great 
temperance  speeches  at  Friends  warehouse.  On  the 
11th,  Judge  W.  H.  Mann  made  the  closing  speech  for 
the  "  drys "  at  Friends,  and  Rev.  C.  Breckenridge 
Wilmer,  Randolph  Harrison  and,  J.  L.  Lee  spoke  at 
the  Opera  House  for  the  "  wets." 

The  next  day  the  election  passed  off  quietly,  with  the 
following  result : 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        429 

Against  License.  For  License.  Defective. 

First  Ward— First  precinct 367  521  30 

Second  precinct 228  234  2 

Second  Ward 383  367  2 

Third  Ward— First  precinct 258  265  10 

Second  precinct 223  268  28 

1,459  1,655  72 

Majority  for  license,  196. 

Court  Street  Baptist  church  had  had  a  big  church 
row,  and  matters  had  now  gotten  into  such  a  condition 
that  the  aflPair  had  to  be  brought  into  court.  Judge 
Christian  ordered  Sergeant  Johnson  to  lock  the  church, 
and  appointed  two  trustees  to  settle  the  dispute  and  re- 
port to  the  court.  The  vote  of  the  congregation  was 
taken  and  the  majority  were  against  the  pastor.  Rev. 
P.  F.  Morris,  so  he  and  a  number  of  the  leading  mem- 
bers withdrew  and  started  a  new  church,  the  Eighth 
Street  Baptist. 

Nearly  every  day  troops  were  passing  through  the 
city  going  South,  and  large  crowds  gathered  at  the  depot 
to  greet  them.  April  23  the  President '  called  for  one 
hundred  and  twenty-five  thousand  volunteers,  and  this 
time  Lynchburg  wanted  to  furnish  its  share.  The 
Home  Guard  and  Zouaves  began  to  recruit,  and  Cap- 
tain R.  L.  Miller  organized  the  Fitz  Lee  Rifles.  Old 
Dudley  Hall,  the  armory  on  Church  street,  presented 
a  lively  seen  as  the  men  came  in  to  join  the  army  and 
the  squads  began  to  drill.  The  boys  seemed  to  be  de- 
lighted, and  often  the  war  cry  "  Remember  the  Maine" 
was  heard.  While  this  was  going  on,  Monday,  May  2, 
the  News  issued  an  extra  giving  an  account  of  Dewey's 


430  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

great  victory  at  Manilla  the  day  before.  This  had  a 
stimulating  effect  upon  the  people  and  made  them  feel 
like  vigorously  prosecuting  the  war.  The  companies 
were  impatiently  waiting  for  the  command  to  move, 
when  Saturday,  May  7,  orders  came  for  them  to  proceed 
to  Richmond  Monday  morning,  the  9th.  Sunday  was 
a  day  of  busy  preparation,  and  all  day  the  street  in 
front  of  the  armory  was  crowded,  while  the  soldiers  in- 
side were  getting  ready  to  go  to  war.  In  the  afternoon 
farewell  services  were  held  at  the  Y.  M.  C.  A.  Lynch- 
burg was  now  beginning  to  realize  that  war  existed,  and 
especially  those  whose  sons  were  going  to  the  front. 

Monday  morning  before  day  men  were  hurrying  to 
and  fro,  preparing  for  an  early  start.  Long  before  the 
time  to  leave,  there  was  an  immense  crowd  on  Church 
and  Ninth  streets  and  around  the  depot.  About  seven 
o'clock  the  Hill  City  band  began  to  play,  and  in  thirty 
minutes  the  command  was  heard,  "  Fall  in."  A  de- 
tachment from  Garland- Rodes  Camp,  Confederate  Vet- 
erans, under  Colonel  Maurice  Langhorne — the  men 
who,  thirty-seven  years  ago,  on  a  Monday  morning, 
had  left  for  Richmond  to  go  to  war — escorted  the  young 
soldiers  to  the  depot.  It  was  a  touching  scene  to  see 
the  battle-scarred  heroes  leading  their  sons  into  war  for 
liberation  of  the  oppressed.  The  thousands  of  people 
who  had  come  to  bid  them  farewell  cheered  as  they 
marched  by.  At  nine  o'clock  the  troops  were  on  board 
and  the  Chesapeake  and  Ohio  train  started  for  Rich- 
mond.*    The  boys  were  delighted,  but  the   mothers, 

*  For  rosters  of  the  three  companies  see  Appendix. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        431 

wives,  sisters  and  sweethearts  were  in  tears,  for  many 
feared  that  they  were  saying  farewell  perhaps  for  the 
last  time.  The  companies  arrived  at  Richmond  that 
night  and  went  into  camp  near  the  Fair  Grounds  at  a 
place  called  Camp  Lee.  The  work  of  mustering  into 
the  United  States  service  began  at  once,  and  some  of 
our  men  were  sent  home  on  account  of  not  being  able 
to  stand  the  physical  examination.  While  the  troops 
were  in  Richmond  many  went  from  here  to  visit  the 
soldiers,  and  every  week  or  two  boxes  were  sent.  These 
proved  acceptable,  for  the  fare  in  camp  was  poor.  In 
June  the  Zouaves  were  ordered  to  Tampa,  Fla.,  and 
the  Home  Guard  and  Fitz  Lee  Rifles  to  Camp  Alger, 
near  Washington,  and  there  they  remained  until  the 
end  of  the  war.  None  of  our  men  were  killed,  except 
by  disease,  brought  on  largely  by  mismanagement  of 
the  army,  which  was  without  excuse. 

The  city  was  again  crowded  with  young  people — 
this  time  with  students  attending  the  joint  commence- 
ment of  the  Randolph-Macon  schools,  which  consist  of 
the  College  at  Ashland,  the  Woman's  College,  Bedford 
Academy,  Front  Royal  Academy,  Blackstone  and  Dan- 
ville Institutes.  The  exercises  began  with  a  sermon 
Sunday,  June  5,  at  Centenary  church,  by  Bishop  A.  W. 
Wilson.  Monday  there  was  a  reception  at  the  Woman's 
College,  and  Tuesday  the  regular  commencement  exer- 
cises began  at  Moorman's  warehouse,  which  was  beau- 
tifully decorated  with  college  colors.  Charles  W.  Til- 
lett  made  the  address  before  the  alumni,  after  which 
there  were  the    usual   contests  for  the  medals,  which 


432  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

were  very  creditable.  One  feature  of  the  occasion  was 
the  singing  of  college  songs  by  the  hundreds  of  students 
present.  The  concert  by  the  Woman's  College,  the 
banquet  at  the  Carroll,  the  addresses  by  Bishop  J.  H. 
Vincent  and  Dr.  E.  E.  Hoss,  with  the  distribution  of 
medals  and  diplomas,  gave  great  interest  to  the  occa- 
sion. This  first  joint  commencement  of  the  Randolph- 
Macon  system  closed  on  the  9  th,  and  credit  was  due 
Dr.  W.  W.  Smith  for  the  great  success  it  was. 

The  "  Stamp  Act"  of  modern  times  took  effect  July 
1.  Checks,  drafts,  orders,  deeds,  etc.,  as  well  as  all 
proprietary  medicines,  had  to  be  adorned  with  a  stamp 
to  help  pay  for  the  war.  There  was  no  opposition  to 
this  measure,  for  news  soon  came  of  another  victory. 
It  was  announced  that  on  July  4  the  whole  Spanish 
fleet  had  been  destroyed  off  Santiago  by  the  United 
States  ships  under  Schley  and  Sampson.  The  News 
issued  another  extra  giving  full  particulars.  Ten  days 
later  the  report  came  that  Santiago  had  fallen,  and  the 
Spanish  troops  had  surrendered.  This  practically 
meant  the  end  of  the  war,  for  on  the  26th  Spain  sued 
for  peace  and  Cuba  was  free. 

Besides  the  men  who  entered  the  volunteer  service 
there  are  the  following  Lynchburg  boys  in  the  regular 
United  States  army.  Lieutenants  David  J.  Rum- 
bough,  Samuel  D.  Rockenbach,  George  T.  Langhorne, 
Claud  H.  Miller  and  Drs.  T.  J.  Kirkpatrick,  R.  G.  H. 
Kean,  Jr.,  Clark  Collins  and  Claude  Lavinder. 

The  congregation  of  College  Hill  Baptist  church  had 
undertaken  to  erect  a  new  church  edifice  on  the  corner 


LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  4-33 

opposite  tlie  old  one,  and  bad  now  completed  the  hand- 
some building.  It  was  dedicated  Sunday,  July  17, 
Rev.  E,.  R.  Acree,  a  former  pastor,  preaching  the  ser- 
mon, and  Revs.  F.  C.  McConnell  and  C.  J.  Thompson 
taking  part  in  the  service.  The  exercises  of  the  day 
after  the  morning  service  had  to  be  postponed  on 
account  of  the  storm.  The  pastors  of  this  church 
since  its  organization  were  :  Revs.  B.  G.  Manard,  R.  R. 
Acree,  C.  G.  Jones,  George  E.  Truett  and  C.  J.  Thomp- 
son. 

Cabell  Street  Methodist  church,  under  Rev.  G.  W. 
Dyer,  was  also  erecting  a  beautiful  house  of  worship. 
September  4,  Rev.  R.  W.  Lilly  succeeded  Rev.  J.  W. 
B.  Smith  at  the  Christian  church.  In  May  the  Home 
Missionary  Society  of  the  Methodist  church  met  at 
Memorial,  and  in  October  the  Woman's  Foreign  IMis- 
sionary  Society  at  Court  Street.  The  27th  of  this 
same  month  the  Baptist  Woman's  Missionary  Society 
of  the  State  was  organized  at  the  First  church.  Dr. 
Young  J.  Allen  made  a  great  address  on  missions  at 
Court  Street  church,  November  10,  and  the  next  day 
the  State  Baptist  Convention  began  its  session  at  the 
First  Baptish  church.  Rev.  M.  E.  Broaddus  preached 
the  opening  sermon,  and  Rev.  E.  A.  Owen  was 
made  chairman.  Among  the  preachers  who  filled  the 
pulpits  Sunday  were  Rev.  Dr.  W.  R.  L.  Smith,  a 
former  pastor,  and  Rev.  Dr.  W.  H.  Whitsitt,  whose 
book,  "  A  Question  in  Baptist  History,"  had  caused  com- 
motion in  the  church — the  Virginia  Baptists  standing 
by  Dr.  Whitsitt.     There  were    some    changes    in  the 


434  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

Methodist  pulpits  :  Rev.  J.  W.  Stiff  succeeded  Rev.  J. 
C.  Reed  at  Memorial  ;  Rev.  G.  H.  Lambeth,  Rev.  G. 
W.  Dyer  at  Cabell  Street ;  Rev.  W.  R.  Evans,  Rev.  L. 
C.  Shearer  at  Trinity ;  and,  Rev.  Dr.  Paul  Whitehead, 
Rev.  O.  Littleton,  as  presiding  elder.  November  24,  the 
corner-stone  ot  Eighth  Street  Baptist  church  (colored) 
was  laid. 

Peace  was  declared  August  12,  and  in  September 
the  Lynchburg  boys  began  to  return  from  camp.  The 
Home  Guard  and  the  Fitz  Lee  Rifles  were  mustered 
out  at  once,  but  the  Zouaves  returned  here  and  Vv-ere 
not  mustered  out  until  December.  The  soldiers  seemed 
as  glad  to  get  back  home  as  they  were  to  go  to  war 
several  months  before. 

Christmas  week  was  a  happy  time ;  the  usual  festi- 
vities were  observed,  and  an  occasion  of  special  note 
was  the  banquet  given  to  the  Night  School  at  the 
Arlington.  This  school,  under  the  superintendence  of 
R.  C.  Blackford,  is  doing  a  good  work  among  the  poor 
boys  who  have  to  work  all  day.  The  officers  and 
teachers  receive  no  remuneration,  the  school  being  free 
for  any  white  boys  who  desire  to  enter. 

To  one  this  was  a  sad  time  :  John  Hancock,  a  negro 
boy,  was  condemmed  to  be  hanged  for  rape.  On  a 
petition  from  a  number  of  citizens  he  was  once  reprieved, 
but  on  December  30,  in  the  jail  corridor,  he  paid  the 
extreme  penalty  of  the  law.  Except  two  negro  boys 
executed  during  the  war  for  robbery,  this  was  the  third 
person  ever  hung  in  Lynchburg,  the  other  two  being 
white  men. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        435 

The  deaths  this  year  were  :  January  10th,  Paul  Ford  ; 
James  M.  Patteson,  19th;  Dr.  Charles  Slaughter, 
interred  here  24th ;  and  Mrs.  C.  J.  M.  Jordan,  26th. 
She  was  born  here  January  11,1 830,  and  lived  here  most 
of  her  life.  She  was  a  woman  of  fine  intellectual  gifts 
and  great  talent  as  a  poetess.  Among  her  well-known 
poems  are,  "  Flowers  of  Hope  and  Memory,"  "  Corinth 
and  Other  Poems,"  "  Richmond,  Her  Grave  and  Her 
Glory."  Such  was  the  devotion  for  the  Confederacy  as 
manifested  in  her  poems  that  during  the  period  of  re- 
construction the  Federal  General  twice  ordered  them 
seized  and  burnt,  once  here  and  once  in  Richmond. 
Mrs.  Jordan  was  a  prolific  writer,  and,  what  is  rare, 
generally  maintained  a  high  standard.  Since  her  death 
her  daughter  has  had  a  volume  of  her  poems  published, 
entitled,  "  Echoes  from  the  Cannon."  February,  Frank 
Riley  died,  the  8th  ;  John  W.  Carroll,  9th.  Mr.  Carroll 
came  to  Lynchburg  in  1849,  and  went  into  business 
with  Folkes  &  Winston  as  a  cabinet  maker.  In  1859 
he  began  to  manufacture  his  celebrated  Lone  Jack  and 
Brown  Dick  smoking  tobacco,  and  soon  amassed  a 
large  fortune.  For  a  long  time  he  was  president  of  the 
Council  and  was  connected  with  many  of  the  leading 
commercial  enterprises  of  the  city.  On  the  13th 
Michael  McLaughlin,  an  aged  Irish  citizen  ;  14th,  J. 
O.  Sullivan;  19th,  John  P.  Ford,  a  young  lawyer; 
March,  John  Ryan,  6th  ;  Mrs.  Mary  Garland,  in  her 
ninety-eighth  year,  9th  ;  same  day.  Rev.  F.  McMurray, 
a  venerable  Presbyterian  minister  ;  12th,  E.  J.  Murphy  ; 
26th,  J.    M.  Warwick  ;  30th,  J.  F.  Dornin  ;  April, 


436  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE. 

S.  C.  Hurt,  an  old  citizen  and  prominent  business  man, 
6th  ;  Jacob  H.  Franklin,  a  prommeut  grocer,  20th ; 
May  13th,  Dr.  W.  T.  Walker,  a  popular  physician  here 
since  1883;  19th,  R.  T.  Lacy;  June  13th,  R.  G.  H. 
Kean,  one  of  the  most  brilliant  lawyers  at  the  bar.  He 
came  here  from  the  University  and  was  partner  with 
John  O.  L.  Goggin  in  the  practice  of  law.  He  went 
with  the  Home  Guard  to  war  and  was  made  adjutant  to 
General  George  W.  Randolph.  After  the  war  he  resumed 
his  practice  and  was  for  a  long  time  city  attorney.  At 
a  meeting  of  the  bar  a  high  tribute  was  paid  to  him 
both  as  a  man  and  a  lawyer  ;  27th,  O.  Accorsini ;  July 
14th,  J.  S.  Dillardand  W.  C.  Matthews  ;  29th,  Charles 
Fitch  ;  August  4,  W.  R.  Claiborne  ;  19th,  E.  H.  Fields  ; 
September  1st,  J.  H.  Bailey,  an  old  citizen ;  October  2, 
Ben  Goolsby ;  11th,  Edgar  Black,  a  popular  young 
man ;  30th,  J.  N.  Gordon ;  November  20th,  J.  H. 
Skey  ;  27th,  Dr.  W.  H.  Baker,  a  fine  man  and  a  doctor 
of  wide  reputation  ;  28th,  J.  R.  McKinney  ;  December 
12,  C.  R.  Fitzgerald;  14th,  Jacob  H.Robinson,  an 
old  citizen  ;  26th,  D.  B.  Horner. 

January,  1899,  Lynchburg  was  entering  upon  an  era 
of  prosperity  hitherto  unknown  in  its  history.  Its 
wholesale  trade  in  groceries,  dry  goods,  notions,  shoes, 
hardware,  drugs,  etc.,  was  rapidly  growing,  and  its 
manufacturing  interests  were  larger  than  ever  before. 
There  was  not  as  much  tobacco  manufactured  as  in  the 
days  gone  by,  but  the  leaf  business  was  very  large. 
Not  only  was  the  material  prosperity  great,  but  in 
-  literature,  music  and  art  there  was  marked  progress, 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        437 

largely  influenced  by  the  college.  The  public  schools, 
under  the  management  of  E.  C  Glass,  superintendent, 
among  the  best  in  the  South,  were  making  splendid 
progress,  and  now  a  handsome  building  for  the  High 
School  was  about  to  be  erected.  The  Miller  property 
on  Court  street  was  purchased  for  the  site  and  the 
foundation  dug,  but  this  was  abandoned  and  the  Charles 
L.  Mosby  property  on  Federal  Hill  secured  and  work 
begun.  The  effects  of  the  boom  had  about  passed  now, 
and  Lynchburg  was  steadily  growing  in  culture,  wealth, 
and  population. 

The  Methodist  Protestant  church  had  been  exten- 
sively improved  under  the  pastor,  Rev.  E.  A.  Warfield, 
and  January  29  it  was  reopened.  Rev.  Dr.  A.  D. 
Melvin  preached  in  the  morning  and  in  the  afternoon, 
and  at  night  Rev.  Dr.  D.  L.  Greenfield,  a  former 
pastor.  The  improvement  made  the  church  one  of  the 
most  attractive  in  the  city.  At  the  Christian  Alliance 
church  on  Fifth  avenue.  Rev.  P.  R.  Nugent  held  a 
meeting  of  interest. 

January  was  a  cold  and  disagreeable  month,  but  was 
not  nearly  so  bad  as  February.  One  of  the  worst  snows 
since  1857  began  Saturday  evening,  February  11,  and 
continued  until  late  Monday,  finishing  up  with  a  severe 
blizzard.  The  average  depth  of  the  snow  was  over 
twelve  inches.  The  roads  were  so  bad  that  teams  could 
not  move,  and  trains  were  blocked.  A  fuel  famine 
was  imminent,  coal  could  not  be  delivered,  and  there 
was  no  wood  in  the  city.  The  whole  South  was  in 
snow  and  ice.     At  Norfolk  the  harbor  was  frozen  for 


438  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

several  days,  and  traffic  on  many  of  the  railroads  sus- 
pended. 

An  important  meeting  for  the  Methodists  was  that 
held  at  Centenary  church,  March  2,  by  Bishop  C.  H. 
Galloway.  All  of  the  preachers  of  the  Lynchburg 
and  Charlottesville  district  met  here  to  talk  over  the 
plan  to  raise  one  hundred  thousand  dollars  in  Virginia 
this  year  for  the  educational  institutions  of  the  church 
as  a  Twentieth  Century  thank  offering.  At  night  Bishop 
Galloway  made  a  public  address  on  the  subject,  which 
was  well  received. 

The  West  Lynchburg  street  railroad  was  sold  last 
year,  and  now  the  new  company  was  improving  it.  The 
Rivermont  Company  was  also  extending  their  tracks  to 
the  Miller  Park,  and  on  Grace  street,  where  the  tracks 
of  the  two  companies  were  being  laid,  the  property 
owners  were  strenuously  objecting  to  the  street  being 
thus  blocked.  The  work  went  on  without  delay,  and 
now  Lynchburg  has  two  good  electric  railroads.  In 
April,  the  Cotton  Mill  Company  decided  to  double  the 
capacity  of  its  plant.  About  the  same  time  Buflalo 
Bill  with  his  Indians  and  buffaloes  came  again  to  the 
city  and  many  went  to  see  them,  feeling  that  this  was 
perhaps  the  last  time  they  would  see  these  fast  vanish- 
ing denizens  of  other  days. 

The  Montgomery  Presbytery  met  at  Floyd  Street 
Presbyterian  chiu"ch.  Rev.  T.  H.  Lacy  accepted  a  call 
to  Epiphany,  and  May  15,  Rev.  Dr.  T.  DeWitt  Tal- 
mage  lectured  here.  The  day  before  the  lecture,  Sun- 
day, the  most  disastrous  fire  since  the  Virginian  and 


LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS   PEOPLE.  439 

other  buildings  burned,  took  place.  The  ice  factory,  the 
tobacco  extract  works.  Stalling,  Hancock  &  Co.'s  tobacco 
factory,  and  a  number  of  other  buildings  burned  up. 

The  Methodists  of  the  State  were  preparing  to  estab- 
lish an  orphanage,  and  Lynchburg  wanted  it  located 
here.  The  council  offered  a  site  not  to  exceed  five 
thousand  dollars,  either  in  Rivermont  or  West  Lynch- 
burg, and  many  private  citizens  promised  to  subscribe 
largely.  At  one  time  there  seemed  to  be  some  prospect 
of  getting  it  here,  but  Richmond  offered  better  advan- 
tages, so  it  was  decided  to  locate  it  there. 

Memorial  services  were  held  at  Centenary  church  by 
the  pastor.  May  28,  in  honor  of  Rev.  Dr.  R.  N.  Sledd, 
who  died  in  Atlanta  on  the  15th,  on  his  way  home  to 
Danville,  and  similar  services  were  held  at  Court  Street 
June  4,  presided  over  by  Bishop  J.  C.  Granbery.  Dr. 
Sledd  was  pastor  here  for  many  years  and  was  much 
beloved  and  admired.  In  his  death  his  church  lost 
one  of  her  greatest  men. 

The  time  for  commencement  had  come  again.  Rev. 
Dr.  John  Matthews  preached  the  sermon  before  the 
Woman's  College,  and  Dr.  Walter  Page,  of  the  Atlantic 
Monthly,  made  the  address.  The  attendance  had  steadily 
increased  since  the  opening,  until  now  it  was  so  large 
that  an  addition  had  to  be  made  to  the  building.  The 
work  on  the  new  wing  began  in  the  summer,  and  it 
was  hoped  that  it  would  be  finished  by  winter.  The 
Lynchburg  High  School,  according  to  a  long  established 
custom,  held  its  annual  commencement  at  the  Opera 
House. 


440  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

There  are  many  other  events  that  may  be  mentioned. 
A  real  tornado  visited  the  city  July  4,  and  did  much 
damage  to  some  buildings.     Just  following  this  came  a 
visitor  hitherto  unknown,  the  "  kissing  bug."     It  was 
said  that  it  would  kiss  you  on  the  lip,  and  that  its  kiss 
was  poisonous,  and  that  a  negro  boy  here  had  been 
kissed  and  was  killed  by  it.     A  great  sensation  was 
created  for  a  while,  but  soon  the  bug  and  the  sensation 
both  disappeared.     A  primary  was  held  July  31    to 
nominate  a  State  Senator  and  a  delegate  to  the  House. 
Carter  Glass  was  nominated  for  the  first  and  T.  D.  Jen- 
nings for  the  second,  and  both  were  elected  in  November. 
An  event  of  much  interest  took  place  September  14. 
It  had  been  the  custom  for  the  Sunday-schools  here  to 
go  on  an  excursion  during  the  summer,  and  on  this  day 
the  greatest  Sunday-school  excursion  ever  known  here 
started.     Under  the  leadership  of  E.  F.  Sheffey,  super- 
intendent, Court   Street   Sunday-school,  with  a    large 
crowd,  went  to  Niagara  Falls.     Many  from  outside  the 
city  came  to  take  advantage  of  the  low  rates  to  see  the 
Falls.     They  spent  a  day  and  a  night  there,  and  re- 
turned on  the  16th  without  accident  and  well  pleased. 
This  seemed  to  be  a  decade  of  church  building  in 
Lynchburg.    The  First  Presbyterian  church  was  under 
construction ;    Eighth  Street    Baptist  church,  colored, 
Avas    dedicated    September  24,  Rev.  J.  M.  Armistead, 
colored,  preaching  the  sermon,  and  on  the  26th  Court 
Street  Methodist  church  made  a  decided  move  for  a 
new  forty  thousand  dollar  building,  upon  which   they 
hoped   to   begin  work  early  next  year. 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        441 

Instead  of  the  usual  fair  this  year,  only  the  races 
were  had,  and  the  usual  forms  of  gambling  carried  on 
until  the  second  day,  when  the  gaming  was  broken  up 
and  the  gamblers  arrested. 

A  large  number  of  Lynchburgers  went  to  New  York 
to  witness  the  celebration,  on  land  and  water,  September 
29  and  30,  in  honor  of  Admiral  Dewey's  return  home. 

October  16  the  new  High  School  building  was  occu- 
pied, and  on  the  18th  a  large  crowd  assembled  at 
Westminster  to  hear  the  venerable  "Apostle  to  the  New 
Hebrides,"  Dr.  John  G.  Paton.  His  wonderful  work 
among  the  cannibals  of  these  islands  has  made  him 
world-famous. 

The  citizens  were  much  interested  in  our  war  in  the 
Philippines  and  in  the  war  which  had  recently  broken 
out  between  the  English  and  the  Boers  of  South  Africa. 
Much  space  in  the  daily  papers  was  given  to  these 
subjects. 

The  Presbyterians  had  bought  the  old  Quaker  meet- 
ing-house and  were  making  an  effort  to  rebuild  it  and 
call  it  the  Quaker  Memorial  Presbyterian  church. 

In  October  the  Lynchburg  Choral  Society  began  its 
third  season,  and  the  College  Hill  Musical  Society 
resumed  its  meetings.  The  Golf  Club  and  the  Orches- 
tral Society  afforded  the  young  people  much  pleasure. 

A  handsome  new  warehouse  had  been  built  on  the 
site  of  the  old  house  in  which  Dr.  Read  taught  school, 
and  later  Mrs.  Ramsey,  and  on  the  28th  it  was  opened 
and  called  Booker's  new  warehouse. 

It  was   a   cold,  drizzling   afternoon,  November    3, 


442  LYNCHBURG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

when  a  large  crowd  gathered  at  the  depot  to  get  a  sight 
of  the  hero  of  the  Santiago  naval  battle.  When  the 
train  from  Washington  pulled  in,  the  city  council,  the 
judge,  the  mayor  and  a  delegation  of  citizens  boarded  it 
to  meet  Admiral  Schley.  Major  John  W.  Daniel 
brought  him  to  the  rear  platform  and  introduced  him 
to  the  crowd,  and  he  responded  in  a  short  speech. 
Many  pressed  forward  and  shook  hands  with  him,  and 
when  the  train  pulled  out  the  crowd  cheered  lustily. 

The  population  of  Lynchburg  was  rapidly  increasing, 
and  it  was  estimated  that  at  this  time  there  were  thirty- 
two  thousand  inhabitants  in  and  around  the  city.  The 
new-comers  found  it  difficult  to  secure  dwelling-houses, 
they  were  in  such  demand.  The  hardware  manufac- 
turing company,  the  pipe  works,  the  textile  works, 
wagon  and  buggy  factories,  cotton  mill,  the  paper  box 
manufactory,  flour  mills,  tobacco  factories,  dye  works, 
bark  mill,  w^ood-working  establishment,  plow  works, 
pants  factory,  hosiery  company,  barytes  and  bark  mills, 
with  other  industries,  employed  a  large  number  of 
operatives. 

A  Lynchburg  boy  was  honored  at  the  National  Sol- 
diers' Home  near  Hampton.  Rev.  James  Collins  cel- 
ebrated his  first  mass  here  June  25,  and  was  assigned  as 
priest  to  the  Soldiers'  Home.  During  the  yellow  fever 
there  in  July  and  August  he  continued  to  hold  services 
and  visit  the  sick.  On  this  account  he  was  presented 
with  a  gold  chalice  in  honor  of  his  fidelity. 

There  were  some  changes  in  the  Methodist  churches 
here  in  November.     Rev.  Dr.  W.  J.  Young  succeeded 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        443 

Dr.  A.  Coke  Smith  at  Court  Street ;  Rev.  L.  T.  Wil- 
liams, Rev.  Graham  H.  Lambeth  at  Rivermont 
Avenue,  and  Rev.  R.  O.  Payne  was  sent  to  South 
View. 

Dr.  Smith  preached  his  farewell  sermon  to  a  large 
congregation  November  26,  and  on  the  same  day  there 
were  farewell  services  at  the  First  Presbyterian  church. 
The  old  church  had  been  sold  for  a  business  house,  and 
the  congregation  was  to  worship  in  the  building  of  the 
Hill  City  Lodge  until  the  new  church  was  completed. 
At  this  service  Rev.  F.  T.  McFaden  preached  on  the 
influence  of  the  church,  baptized  several  candidates  and 
received  members  into  the  church.  He  was  assisted  by 
Rev.  Dr.  W.  Y.  Wilson,  who  was  ordained  in  this 
church  many  years  ago.  At  night  the  pastor  again 
conducted  the  service,  assisted  by  Rev.  T.  M.  McCorkle 
and  Dr.  A.  Coke  Smith.  The  sacrament  of  the  Lord's 
Supper  was  administered,  and  this  closed  the  last  service 
in  the  old  building,  which  had  stood  forty-two  years, 
the  exact  time  the  former  church  was  used.  Many 
tender  memories  cling  to  the  old  church.  The  scenes 
of  joy  and  sadness  that  were  often  witnessed  there  are 
past  and  gone,  but  their  sweet  influence  lingers. 

The  Christian  Scientists  opened  a  hall  for  meeting 
on  Church  street,  November  11,  having  previously 
held  their  services  in  a  private  house. 

The  best  art  loan  exhibition  Lynchburg  ever  had 
opened  November  30,  in  the  new  High  School  building. 
The  whole  building  was  devoted  to  it,  and  there  was 
much  of  interest  to  be  seen.     The  Confederate  relics. 


444  LYNCHBURG   AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

the  art  room,  with  many  portraits  of  old  citizens  of 
Lynchburg,  the  paintings  by  home  talent,  the  room 
with  miscellaneous  curios,  and  many  other  things,  made 
it  a  very  creditable  exhibition.  It  was  kept  open  until 
December  8,  and  large  crowds  attended.  The  pro- 
ceeds were  used  for  the  High  School  library,  and  the 
whole  city  acknowledged  the  credit  due  those  who 
managed  it. 

During  the  two  weeks  ending  December  9,  there  was 
the  largest  sale  of  leaf  tobacco  ever  known  in  the  his- 
tory of  the  city.  The  warehouses  were  open  night  and 
day,  and  when  the  figures  were  added  up  they  showed 
that  within  the  time  mentioned  3,549,100  pounds  of 
tobacco  had  been  sold,  all  of  which  brought  a  good 
price. 

The  meeting  of  the  council  for  December  Avas  an 
important  one.  A  new  gas  company  petitioned  for  a 
charter,  and  it  was  granted  them.  It  was  determined  to 
provide  the  police  department  with  a  van,  which  was 
much  needed ;  and  a  memorial  drawn  up  by  T.  D. 
Davis,  the  president,  was  adopted  asking  the  legislature 
to  establish  a  reformatory  for  negro  boys.  It  was 
also  signed  by  the  judge  of  the  Hustings  Court  and  the 
mayor.  This  was  a  move  of  great  importance,  for  the 
present  condition  of  the  average  young  negro  is  sad  to 
contemplate.  With  too  many  their  aspiration  extends  no 
hisrher  than  their  sensuous  and  sensual  natures.  Nor  is 
the  education,  for  which  the  whites  are  spending  thous- 
ands of  dollars  annually,  yielding  the  desired  fruit.  Dr. 
J.  W.  Southall,  State  Superintendent  of  Public  Instruc- 


LYNCHBURG  AND  ITS  PEOPLE.        445 

tion,  says  in  his  last  report :  '^  In  the  light  of  present 
information  it  must  be  confessed  that  the  negroes  of 
the  South  are  not  making  such  progress  in  moral  and 
material  development  as  the  advocates  of  public  educa- 
tion had  hoped.  The  fact  is,  our  common  schools 
are  not  giving  the  negro  the  right  kind  of  education 
to  aid  him  in  becoming  a  better  and  more  profitable 
citizen.  The  education  that  we  are  giving  the  negro 
makes  him  dissatisfied  with  the  menial  pursuits  in 
which  his  fathers  engaged,  and  in  whicll  he  must 
engage  if  he  is  to  make  an  honest  living  and  become 
a  useful  member  of  the  community  in  which  he 
lives."  The  educating  influence  which  the  "  old  issue 
darkey "  got  by  contact  with  the  white  people  is 
almost  wanting  with  the  young  negroes,  and  being 
without  these  elevating  influences  and  a  proper  moral 
and  industrial  training,  the  tendency  is  downward. 
Lynchburg  has  always  been  ready  to  help  the  negro  to 
a  higher  and  better  life,  and  this  memorial  for  the  bet- 
terment of  the  young  criminals  is  but  an  indication  of  it. 


We  have  traced  the  history  of  Lynchburg  through 
nearly  one  hundred  and  twenty-five  years,  and  now  we 
are  at  the  last  day  that  we  shall  chronicle,  the  last  day 
of  the  year,  Sunday,  the  30th,  and  according  to  some, 
the  last  day  of  the  century.  It  was  intensely  cold,  but 
notwithstanding  this,  large  crowds  attended  services  at 
the  various  churches.  At  College  Hill  Baptist  church. 
Rev.  C.  J.  Thompson  preached  his  farewell  sermon 
before  leaving  for  another  field,   as  did  Rev.   F.  P. 


446  LYNCHBUEG    AND    ITS    PEOPLE. 

Robertson  at  Cabell  Street  Baptist.  At  the  Catholic 
church  midnight  mass  was  celebrated  to  usher  in  the 
new  and  holy  jubilee  year.  As  we  leave  the  active, 
prosperous  city  at  the  close  of  this  period,  it  is  an  im- 
pressive scene  to  look  upon  it  silent  and  solemn  in  the 
attitude  of  worship. 

The  register  of  deaths  for  the  year  is  :  January — J. 
B.  Anderson,  6th  ;  James  A.  Ford,  a  prominent  citizen, 
10th  ;  C.  J.  Updike,  24th ;  L.  Stremmel,  29th.  Feb- 
ruary—S.  Waldron,  2d;  J.  W.  Jordan,  16th;  J.  W. 
Apperson,  28th.  March — William  Taylor  drowned, 
5th ;  C.  W.  Price,  27th ;  J.  Davis  Christian,  a  bright 
young  man,  29th.  April — William  Kinnier,  a  promi- 
nent merchant,  2d  ;  J.  L.  Fortune,  oth ;  Rev.  J.  K. 
Clayton,  pastor  Cleveland  Avenue  Methodist  church, 
7th.  May — Dr.  C.  H.  S.  Snead,  well-known  druggist, 
11th  ;  E.  W.  Jones,  27th;  Major  J.  H.  Flood,  promi- 
nent citizen,  14th.  July — R.  I.  Owen,  one  of  the  most 
liberal  spirited  young  business  men  of  the  city,  6th;  James 
Franklin,  an  old  and  wealthy  citizen,  loth  ;  J.  M.  Step- 
toe,  29th.  August— D.  E.  Coleman,  14th;  W.  M. 
Strother,  one  of  our  leading  druggists,  22d.  Septem- 
ber— Addison  Sumpter,  2d;  H.  E.  Gouldman,  19th. 
November — D.  M.  Posion,  2d ;  T.  H.  Ivey,  a  venera- 
ble citizen,  19th  ;  J.  A.  Blankenship,  21st.  Decem- 
ber— R.  E.  Manson,  a  former  citizen,  interred  here 
2d  ;  Dr.  J.  R.  Hill,  also  a  former  citizen,  interred  here 
10th  ;  Rufus  A.  Dillon,  16th  ;  Caskie  Burton,  a  bright 
young  man,  drowned  while  skating  on  the  river  above 
the  dam,  30th. 


APPENDIX. 


LYNCHBURG  COMPANIES  IN  ^WAR  OF  1812. 


Muster-roll  of  Capt.  James  Dunnington's  Company,  Virginia 
Militia  (stationed  at  Camp  Holly,  &c.),  first  under  Major  Arm- 
istead,  and  then  under  Colonel  John  H.  Cocke,  from  the  22d 
March  to  the  22d  August,  1813: 

Captain,  James  Dunnington.  Corporal,  William  Martin. 


First  Lieut,  Peter  Dudley. 
Second  Lieut.,  Wm.  B.  Lynch. 
Sergeant,  John  Robinson. 
Sergeant,  Edmund  B.  Norvell. 
Sergeant,  Samuel  Garland. 
Sergeant,  James  Benaugh. 


Corporal,  Isaac  Gregory. 
Corporal,  Christopher. 
Corporal,  Robert  Thurman. 
Corporal,  French  S.  Gray. 
Di-ummer,  William  Pickett. 
Drummer,  Ben.  Crenshaw.* 


Anderson,  John  N. 
Askew,  John  D. 
Bradford,  Fielding. 
Booker,  Peter  E. 
Campbell,  David. 
Cobbs,  Charles  G. 
Davis,  John,  Jr. 
Doyle,  William. 
Ellis,  Hezekiah. 
Gray,  Robert. 
Gregory,  Isaac. 
Horsely,  Nicholas  C. 
Lee,  Shelly. 
Mays,  John. 
Mays,  Joseph. 


Fifer,  William  Youel. 

PRIVATES. 

Mason,  David  F. 
Mcyiister,  John. 
Mitchell,  Gideon. 
Mettart,  George. 
Murrell,  Harden  D. 
Mattos,  John. 
Norman,  John  H. 
Pierce,  Cornelius. 
Puckett,  Isham. 
Parten,  Pleasant. 
Roy,  John  B. 
Rose,  Littleton. 
Rose,  Hugh  M. 
Royal,  Joseph  E. 
Reid,  John. 


Robinson,  Harrison. 
Rives,  William  M. 
Smith,  David. 
Strong,  John. 
Staples,  David. 
Thurman,  N.  B. 
Tait,  Netherland. 
Vawter,  John. 
Wright,  James  T. 
Wyatt,  Edwin. 
Williams,  Orran. 
Waterfield,  James. 
Waterfield,  Micajah. 
Young,  Daniel. 


•Sometimes  spelt  Granger. 


448 


APPENDIX. 


Muster-roll  of  The  Lynchburg  Eifles,  commanded  by  Captain 
Samuel  J.  Wiatt,  in  the  service  of  the  United  States,  in  the 
Fourth  Eegiment,  commanded  by  Lieut. -Col.  George  Huston, 
from  the  31st  July,  1814,  till  the  29th  August,  1814: 


Captain,  Samuel  J.  Wiatt. 
Lieutenant,  Powhatan  Ellis. 
Ensign,  Paulus  A.  E.  Irving. 
First  Sergt.,  Thomas  Cohen. 
Second  Sergt.,  William  Sumpter. 


Third  Sergt.,  Edmund  Anderson. 
Fourth  Seryt.,  Henry  Jacobs. 
First  Corporal,  Henry  Allison. 
Second  Corp. ,  Grifhn  L.  Lackie. 
Third  Corp.,  Kobert  Kives. 


Fourth  Corporal,  Gideon  Shaw. 


Akin,  Alexander. 
Bernard,  Smith. 
Bridgland,  Solomon. 
Booker,  Joseph  P. 
Cobbs,  William. 
Cobbs,  Edmund. 
Cobbs,  Anthony. 
Crandall,  Thomas. 
Cohen,  Joseph. 
Dinwiddle,  William. 
Daugherty,  Peter. 
Dickins,  Kichard  H. 
Echols,  Moses. 
Fox,  George. 
Guynn,  John. 

Peter  Knapper. 


PRIVATES. 

Gore,  William. 
Garthright,  Samuel. 
Henry,  Holman. 
Llancock,  Ammond. 
Jennings,  Pliilip. 
Joseph,  Charles. 
Jones,  Robert  W. 
Johnson,  Caleb. 
Lester,  John. 
Lambeth,  Washington. 
Lipscomb,  Francis. 
Mitchell,  George  W. 
Mitchell,  Thomas  W. 
Mitchell,  Thomas. 
McGee,  William. 

SERVANTS. 

Daniel  Ellis. 


McKenney,  James. 
Medaris,  Benjamin. 
Neighbours,  Tliomas. 
Otey,  John  B. 
Plunket,  Jonathan. 
Rose,  James. 
Rohr,  Philip. 
Strong,  John. 
Saunders,  David. 
Strong,  Thomas. 
Scott,  William  W. 
Thomas,  Nelson. 
Terry,  Thomas. 
Tait,  Bacon. 
Tyree,  Samuel. 

Henry  Hill. 


APPENDIX. 


449 


LYNCHBURG  COMPANIES  IN  THE   SERVICE   OF 
THE  CONFEDERACY,   1861-'65. 


The  Rifle  Grays 


Company   A,   Eleventh  Eegiment  Virginia 
Volunteers: 

First  Sergt.,  Joseph  A.  Kennedy. 
Second  S'errit.,  Elcano  Fisher. 
Third  Sercjt.,  Henry  D.  Hall. 
Fourth  Sergt.,  Peter  B.  Akers. 
First  Corp.,  Geo.  T.  Wightman. 


First  Captain,  M.  S.  Langhorne. 
Second  Captain,  G.  AV.  Latham. 
Third  Capt.,  Robt.  M.  Mitchell,  Jr 
First  Lieut.,  G.  W.  Latham. 

J'lj-s^  iieu<. ,  John  W.  Daniel.  ^.,„.   „_.^.,   --        ^ 

ASeconc^iiewf., Robt. M.Mitchell,  Jr.  Second  Corp.,  Samuel  R.  Miller. 
Second  Lieut.,  H.  C.  Chalmers.         Third  Corp.,  Lucas  Harvey. 
Fourth  Corp.,  James  O.  Thurman,  Jr. 


AUman,  William  H. 
Akers,  William  L. 
Bailey,  James  H. 
Bailey,  James  W. 
Benson,  Henry  G. 
Brown,  Leslie  C. 
Beckwith,  Henry  C. 
Burroughs,  Henry  A. 
Ballard,  James  F. 
Bagbv,  George  W. 
Cheatham,  Thos.  F. 
Cochran,  Robert  L. 
Cooney,  Thomas. 
Camp,  Albert  G. 
Crumpton,  James  A. 
Crumpton,  Joseph  A. 
Clinkenbeard,  AVm.  E. 
Conklen,  Thomas  A. 
Connolly,  Jerry  M. 
Devine,  Frank. 
Diuguid,  Edward  S. 
Davis,  Thomas  N. 
Delano,  Joseph  S. 
Dady,  David. 
Evans,  William  H. 
Edwards,  James  M. 
Elam,  H.  F. 
Feyle,  Frank  H. 
Fulks,  James  W. 
Frances,  Joseph  M. 
Furry,  William  H. 
Gooldy,  John  F. 


Henry,  Charles  W. 
Henry,  John  L. 
Harvey,  Charles  C. 
HoUins,  John  G. 
Hollins,  James  E. 
Heybrook,  L.  G. 
Hersman,  Wm.  B. 
Hunt,  William  R. 
Johnson,  Shelbry. 
Jones,  William  B. 
Jones,  Charles  J. 
Kennedy,  Michael. 
Kidd,  George  W. 
Latham,  Robert  F. 
Linkenhoker,  Samuel. 
jNIitchell,  John  R. 
Mitchell,  T.  Holcomb. 
Mitchell,  John  J. 
Mitchell,  William  H. 
McKinney,  Sam'l  H. 
McCrary,  Wm.  B. 
Marks,  James  L. 
Milstead,  William. 
McDivitt,  C.  P.  H. 
Norris,  Michael  A. 
Norvell,  Otway  B. 
Omohundro,  T.  A. 
Porter,  Thomas  D. 
Pendleton,  William. 
Price,  N.  Leslie. 
Parrish,  Booker  S. 
Pugh,  Charles  E. 


Peters,  John  I. 
Rucker,  Edward  P. 
Raine,  John  R. 
Robertson,  Thomas  D. 
Rainey,  Charles  W. 
Rogers,  James  B. 
Rock,  John  J. 
Rector,  Thomas  S. 
Sims,  Robert  F. 
Sewell,  George  W. 
Stubbs,  Robert  F. 
Stewart,  Philip  H. 
Stagle,  John  H. 
Stagle,  David  H. 
Sholes,  Thomas  C. 
Stewart,  Stephen  P. 
Stabler,  Thomas  S. 
Shepherd,  Joseph  H. 
Tyree,  Charles  H. 
Taylor,  William  H. 
Thurman,  Powhatan. 
Turner,  .John  H. 
Truxall,  Andrew  J. 
Tyree,  Wm.  D.  E. 
Tyree,  John  R. 
Taliaferro,  Rhoderick. 
Torrence,  AVilliam  H. 
Victor,  Henry  C. 
Wren,  Peter  R. 
Warfield,  Thomas. 
Williams,  William  H. 


450 


APPENDIX. 


LYNCHEURC4  Rifles,  Company   E,  Eleventh  Eegiment  Virginia 

Volunteers: 
First  Captain,  J.  E.  Blankenship.   Sergeant,  A.  D.  Eead. 
Second  Captain,  C.  V.  V/ in  free.      Sergeant,  James  ^V.  Wray. 
Third  Captain,  John  C.  Ward. 
First  Lieutenant,  C.  V.  Win  free. 
First  Lieutenant, 


I  James  W.  Wray. 
Second  Lieutenant,  Vt' .  A.  Strother. 
Second  Lie  at.,  W.  M.  Taliaferro. 
Lieutenant,  John  P.  Knight. 
Lieutenant,  Walter  R.  Abbott. 
Lieutenant,  Adolphns  I).  Read. 
Lieutenant,  Charles  H.  Tvree. 
Lieutenant,  George  P.  Xorvell. 
First  Sergeant,  W.  R.  Abbott. 
Sergeant,  John  C  Ward. 


Sergeant,  Thomas  Keenan. 
Sergeant,  E.  G.  Williams. 
Sergeant,  William  M.  Seay. 
Sergeant,  John  L.  Marion. 
Corporal,  J.  PI.  Shepperd. 
Corporal,  John  Lovett. 
Corporal,  I).  M.  Pettigrew. 
Corporal,  Thomas  H.  Love. 
Corporal,  Jolin  Kelly. 
Corporal,  John  R.  Holt. 
Corporal,  John  Lovett. 
Corporal,  W.  P.  Whitlow. 


Anderson,  Thos.  N. 
Atkinson,  John. 
Butterworth,  John  M. 
Butterworth,  Wm.W. 
Bradley,  Winfree. 
Brown,  F.  M. 
Brown  Hillary. 
Burks,  Paulus  Powell. 
Burks,  S.  C. 
Bailey,  Samuel  D. 
Bailey,  Thomas  D. 
Cotiee,  William  H. 
Colvin,  Howard  H. 
Colvin,  William  O. 
Colvin,  Robert  O. 
Clark,  C.  C. 
Clark,  C.  B. 
Clark,  R.  C. 
Carey,  John  H. 
Carey,  James. 
Day,  Tliomas  E. 
Davis,  Arthur  P. 
Davis,  T.  D. 
Dunnivant,  William. 
Evans,  T.  F. 
Equi,  Joseph. 
Elder,  Hiram  P. 
Farriss,  AVilliam. 
Fortune,  William. 
Foster,  William  E. 
Grant,  Bluford. 


PRIVATES. 

Gaulding,  T.  Henry. 
Gregory,  Edward  S. 
Gregory,  N.  H. 
Goins,  James. 
Gilbert,  George  W. 
Gilbert,  William. 
Gilbert,  Thomas. 
Hart,  Patrick  S. 
Haines,  Robert  L. 
Hurt,  Samuel. 
Hickey,  Patrick  H. 
Hendricks,  James. 
Howard,  John. 
Houston,  Francis  R. 
Hudgins,  James  L. 
Hancock,  W.  T. 
Jones,  Charles  T. 
Jenkins,  J.  Samuel. 
Johnson,  Cliarles  Y. 
Kayton,  J.  Patrick. 
Lawhorne,  Delaware. 
Lawhorne,  James  H. 
Lawhorne,  Lorenzo. 
Lawhorne,  Lucas  P. 
Lipscomb,  Charles  P. 
Moore,  Thomas  H. 
]\liller,  James  M. 
jMann,  Daniel. 
Milstead,  Benjamin. 
Marshall,  John  W. 
Marshall,  James. 


Marshall,  Charles. 
Marshall,  David  B. 
Myers,  William. 
McCarthy,  Patrick. 
Xangle,  Edward  A. 
Neville,  Lewis  C. 
Noell,  James  H. 
Pettus,  John  E. 
Patrim,  William  A. 
Paris,  Tiiomas  H. 
Parr,  John  E. 
Padgett,  J.  J. 
Parker,  Joseph  A. 
Roberts,  Charles  R. 
Rncker,  Jackson. 
Rockecharlie.  V. 
Strause,  Simon. 
Stewart,  William  H. 
vSimpson,  Charles  W. 
Searson,  Thomas. 
Sullivan,  Michael. 
Spillan,  Patrick. 
Smith,  George  W. 
Smith,  John  G. 
Smith,  Thomas. 
Smith,  Robert  H. 
Smith  James. 
Thomas,  Andrew  J. 
Taylor,  William. 
Taylor,  Burley  T. 
Trent,  George  W. 


APPENDIX. 


451 


Turner,  G.  Kempton.  Wooldrirlge,  James  R.  Wills,  John  McD. 

Tnrski,  Francois.  Wooldridge,  Joseph.    YV'ulker,  J.  S.  L. 

Ward,  James  S.  Wright,  Wm.  Richard.  Wray,  Thomas  C. 

Williamson,  L.  C.  Wray,  Ellis  I). 


Home   Guard,    Company  G,   Eleventh  Regiment,  Virginia 
Volunteers: 


First  Capt. ,  Samuel  Garland,  Jr. 
Second  Capt,  Kirkwood  Otey. 
Third  CapL,  J.  Holmes  Smith. 
First  Lieut.,  K.  Otey. 
Second  Lieut.,  J.  G.  Meem. 
Third  Lieut.,  S.  M.  Simpson. 
Ord.  Sergeant,  J.  L.  Meem. 
Third  Sergt.,  W.  J.  H.  Hawkins. 


Sergeant,  J.  C.  Johnson. 
Color  Sergeant,  Wm.  Sanford. 
Fifth  Sergeant,  B.  L.  Blackford. 
Corporal,  C.  D.  Hamner. 
Corporal,  K.  Seabury. 
Corporal,  J.  H.  Smith. 
Corporal,  Hugh  Nelson. 
Surgeon,  Benjamin  Blackford. 


Abrahams,  H.  J. 
Adams,  R.  H.  T.  ^ 
Akers,  E.  A. 
Armistead,  James. 
Apperson,  R.  F. 
Anderson,  John  G. 
Ballowe,  T.  H. 
Barnes,  C.  F. 
Blackford,  W.  H. 
Booth,  S.  C. 
Brugh,  J.  B. 
Burks,  E.  W. 
Button,  R.  P. 
Burch,  Samuel. 
Cabell,  Breck. 
Cabell,  P.  H. 
Cabell,  S. 
Campbell,  Wiley. 
Colhoun,  Robert. 
Conley,  John. 
Cosby,  C.  V. 
Creed,  J.  J. 
Cross,  J.  H. 
Crumpacker,  .John. 
Dowdy,  T.  N. 
Dabney,  H. 
DeWitt,  C. 
Eubank,  E.  N. 
Franklin,  James,  Jr. 
Franklin,  P.  H. 
Ford,  William  A. 


PRIVATES. 

Gregory,  W.  S. 
Guggenheimer,M.,Jr, 
Guy,  D.  C. 
Goggin,  John. 
Harris,  H.  V. 
Harris,  Meade. 
Hawkins,  S.  M. 
Holland,  William. 
Ivey,  J.  W. 
Jennings,  J.  H. 
Jennings,  T.  D.,  Jr. 
Johnson,  Minor. 
Kean,  R.  G.  H. 
Kinnear,  Jas.  F. 
Kinnear,  James  O. 
Kabler,  N. 
Kreuttner,  Joseph. 
Kent,  J.  R. 
Lee,  John  A. 
Lavinder,  G.  T. 
Langhorne,  C.  D. 
Leckie,  M.  M. 
Lucado,  L.  F. 
Lyman,  G.  R. 
Lvdick,  James  H. 
LVdick,  D. 
Mayer,  Max  L. 
McCorkle,  C. 
Miller,  A.  H. 
Moseley,  C.  A. 
Moorman,  S.  L. 


Mosby,  L.  C. 
Nelson,  W.  S. 
Nowlin,  A.  W. 
Oglesby,  John. 
Page,  C.  H. 
Percival,  C.  D. 
Pierce,  R.  C. 
Peters,  R.  T. 
Preston,  L.  P. 
Preston,  S.  D. 
Preston,  T.  L. 
Salmons,  G.  J. 
Sears,  J.  R. 
Shelton,  G.  W. 
Simpson,  T.  H. 
Snead,  W.  B. 
Spencer,  C.  S. 
Stratton,  A.  B. 
Sumpter,  John  U.  H. 
Shaner,  W.  H. 
Taliaferro,  Van. 
Terry,  Charles  W. 
Thompson,  J.  H.  • 
Toot,  W.  A. 
Trigg,  W.  K. 
Valentine,  Joseph. 
Waldron,  R.  L. 
Watkins,  R.  W. 
Walsh,  T.  C. 
Woods,  W.  H.  H. 
Wheeler,  J.  M. 


452 


APPENDIX. 


Jeffekson  Davis  Rifles,  Company  H,  Eleventh  Regiment 
Virginia  Volunteers. 


Captain,  J.  Risque  Hutter. 
First  Lieutenant,  Wm.  L.  Goggin. 
First  Lieutenant,'\Nni.  S.  Hannah. 
Second  Lieutenant,  Jas.  W.  Hord. 
Second  Lieutenant,  Ro.  D.  Early. 
First  Sergeant,  James  O.  Freeman. 
Second  Sergeant,  S.  B.  Wright. 


Third  Sergeant,  D.  C.  Wright. 
Fourth  Sergeant,  W^m.  S.  Thayer. 
Fifth  Sergeant,  Brandon  P.  Neville. 
First  Corporal,  Geo.  L.  Jesse. 
Second  Corporal,  Geo.  T.  Mitchell. 
Third  Corporal,  Pat.  H.  Rourke.. 
Fourth  Corporal,  Charles  Schade. 


Akers,  H.  C. 
Banton,  Robert. 
Banton,  James  H. 
Banton,  Richard. 
Blanks,  John  N. 
Blanks,  Robert. 
Burford,  William. 
Boland,  John 
Brown,  John  C. 
Cramer,  A.  W. 
Callan,  Dan. 
Cunningham,  Felix. 
Davis,  John  R. 
Davis,  Thomas  M. 
Daniel,  John. 
Doyle,  Henry. 
Donatini,  G. 
Eagan,  Gabriel. 
Floyd,  Alex. 
Floyd,  John  J. 
Floyd,  Nathan  D. 
Flowers,  Wm.  P. 


PEirATES. 

Flowers,  Joseph  W. 
Fulks,  Robert. 
Fox,  Edward. 
Farrer,  Robert. 
Fitzgerald,  Cyrus. 
Fitzgerald,  Ceyton  L. 
Gouldin,  H.  L. 
Gouldin,  W^illiam. 
Geurtz,  Peter. 
Grossman,  William. 
Hanlv,  John. 
Hurt,"  John  H. 
Humphrey,  M.  L. 
Jones,  Thomas. 
Kyle,  Benjamin  M. 
Labby,  M.  H. 
Lavinder,  .Tames. 
McCormack,  L. 
McCormick,  S. 
McCormack,  W^m. 
McCormack,  Wm.  D. 
Mitchell,  Richard  H. 


Micalany,  Peter. 
Musgrove,  Franklin. 
IVIyers,  Samuel  W. 
Oliver,  Pleasant. 
O'Brien,  Michael. 
Rucker,  George  W. 
Rucker,  Paulus  G. 
Reynolds,  James. 
Re}Tiolds,  John  H. 
Rodgers,  Geo.  W. 
Rider,  William. 
Still,  Thomas. 
Stanlv,  Joseph. 
StanlV,  D.  W. 
Smgleton,  Wm.  H. 
Seay,  Isaac. 
Seay,  Richard. 
Sprouse,  Samuel. 
Turner,  Charles. 
Whitten,  James. 
White,  John  W. 


APPENDIX. 


453 


Wise  Troop,  Company  B,  Second  Regiment  Virginia  Cavalry: 

First  CapL,  John  S.  Langhorne.    First  Sergt.,  William  Langhome. 
Second  Capt,  Chas.  M.  Blackford.  First  Sergt.,  Robert  W.  Lacy. 
Third  Capt.,  George  B.  Horner.     Second  Sergt.,  E.G.  Scott. 


Fourth  Capt.,  William  Steptoe 
Fir.U  Lieut.,  C  M.  Blackford. 
Second  Lieut.,  Van  R.  Otey. 
Second  Lieut.,  Wm.  H.  Stratton. 
Second  Lieut.,  A.  D.  Warwick. 

Second  Lieut.,  John  Alexander.     __.  , , 

Seco^id  Lieut.,  John  O.  Thornhill.  Sergeant,  John  T.  Luckett. 
Second  Lieut. ,  J.  P.  Robertson.  Corporal,  S.  M.  Alexander. 
Lieutenant,  R.  B.  Isbell.  Corporal,  C.  V.  Donohue. 

Corporal,  F.  M.  Stone. 


Second  Sergt.,  John  S.  Massie. 
Third  Sergt.,  A.  S.  Watson. 
Fourth  Sergt.,  W.  B.  Cross. 
Sergeant,  M.  B.  Langhorne. 
Sergeant,  C.  Christian. 
Serqeant,  James  Chalmers. 


Abbott,  J.  P. 
Akers,  E.  A. 
Alexander,  E.  A. 
Allen,  T.  W. 
Barnes,  A.  J. 
Barnes.  E.  F. 
Bays,  John  R. 
Berkley,  Joseph. 
Bibb,  John  R. 
Boiling,  W.  R. 
Bowman,  N.  B. 
Boyd,  Andrew. 
Boyd,  James. 
Bradley,  William. 
Brook,  St.  Geo.  T. 
Browning,  C.  P. 
Browning,  John. 
Callahan,  J.  E. 
Carnetix,  E.  M. 
Caruthers,  Jos. 
Clay,  D.  C. 
Coles,  John. 
Cox,  John  C. 
Cox,  P.  S. 
Cox,  Samuel. 
Cox,  Thad. 
Crumpton,  Robert. 
Dameron,  C.  D. 
Dobyns,  Joe. 
Dunnington,  V.  G. 
Early,  S.  H. 
Edwards,  J.  E. 


Edwards,  J.  T. 
Edwards,  W.  P.  M. 
Eubank,  W.  E.  J. 
Everett,  H.  B. 
Fariss,  J. 
Flemming,  F.  W. 
Flood,  Thomas  W. 
Floyd,  Charles  A. 
Godsey,  F.  M. 
Green,  Charles. 
Green,  John  L. 
Hammerling,  C.  D. 
Holley,  W.  E. 
Hunt,  H.  C. 
Ingram,  J.  R. 
Irvine,  W.  A. 
Jones,  J.  W. 
Kasey,  J.  B. 
Kefauver,  William. 
Kemper,  Hugh. 
Kinnear,  George  A. 
Kinnear,  John  A. 
Kinnear,  William. 
Langhorne,  J.  Kent. 
Lawson,  Joe. 
Lawson,  S.  M. 
Leake,  F.  M. 
Lemaa,  A.  H. 
Lewis,  John  C. 
Lock,  Daniel. 
Love,  A.  D. 
Love,  S.  A. 


Love,  T.  H. 
Lucado,  William  F. 
Luck,  Henry. 
Mays,  C.  J. 
Mays,  C.  Richard. 
Mays,  H.  H. 
McCorkle,  S.  M. 
Meriweather,  C.  J. 
Mitchell,  J.  E. 
Moore,  Sampson. 
Morgan,  J.  H. 
Norvell,  Charles. 
Ofilerdinger,  Herman. 
Palmer,  C.  F. 
Percival,  George. 
Perrigo,  George. 
Perriman,  William  P. 
Pettyjohn,  S.  W. 
Phelps,  J.  C.  W. 
Purvis,  W.  C. 
Read,  John  A. 
Roberts,  H.  T. 
Rucker,  James  G. 
Sale,  J.  E. 
Seabary,  E.  C. 
Seabury,  R.  M. 
Seabury,  W.  J. 
Sherrar,  John  C. 
Smith,  John  Thomas. 
Smith,  William  N. 
Sneed,  S.  Emmitt. 
Spencer,  W.  R. 


454 


APPENDIX. 


Stone,  Frank. 
Sullivan,  Dennis. 
Sumpter,  S.  R. 
Taylor,  John  O. 
Taylor,  O.  P. 
Taylor,  Thomas  P. 


Thurman,  Alexander.   Watson,  W.  H 
Thurman,  Powhatan.    Whitlow,  W.  H 
Toler,  W.  D. 
Tucker,  Willis. 
Tyree,  Eichard. 
Wall,  Thomas. 


Witt,  J.  C. 
Woodruff,  A.  M. 
Wright,  J.  L. 


Lee  Battery,  Company  A,  Braxton's  Battalion,  Virginia  Artillery. 

First  Captain,  Pierce  B.  Anderson.  Second  Lieut. ,  William  Early. 
Second  Captain,  Charles  J.  Eaine.  Second  Lieut.,  W.  H.  Hughes. 
Third  Capt.,  Wm.W.  Hardwicke.  Second  Lieut.,  James  Hughes. 
First  Lieutenant,  C.  W.  Statham.     First  Sergeant,  W.  H.  Broyles_. 
Second  Lieut.,  Chas.  J.  Raine.        Second  Sergeant,  Thos.  Franklin. 
Second  Lieut.,  John  E.  Massey.       Third  Sergeant,  Wm.  Eads. 
Second  Lieut. ,  W.  AV.  Hardwicke.  Fourth  Sergeant,  Thos.  Wood. 
Orderly  Sergeant,  Alex.  East. 


Alvis,  Sam. 
Brooks,  William. 
Brooks,  James. 
Brooks,  T.  S. 
Brooks,  Thomas. 
Bowman,  John. 
Bransom,  Jackson. 
Bateman,  Sam. 
Broyles,  Samuel  A. 
Cregg,  Callahan. 
Caldwell,  Archer. 
Cox,  John. 
Coleman,  Singleton. 
Coleman,  George. 
Coffee,  Thomas. 
Castillo,  Patrick. 
Depriest,  William. 
Davidson,  Benj. 
Dunn,  Samuel.  ^ 
Donivan,  William. 
East,  William. 
Eads,  Thomas. 
Eads,  Joe. 
Eads,  vSamuel. 
Fi'iedhoff,  Hammond, 
Fletcher,  Lucian. 
Falwell,  John. 
Gowin,  James. 
Gowin,  John. 
Crowin,  Sam. 
Gaddess,  John  B. 
Green,  Charles. 


PRIVATES. 

Goolsby,  Joshua. 
Grubs,  William. 
Goolsby,  Louis. 
Green,  John. 
Hyman,  Henry. 
Hugus,  Benj. 
Hughes,  James. 
Johnson,  Charles. 
Johnson,  Thomas. 
Johnson,  .Joseph. 
Kersey,  William. 
Kersey,  James. 
Kinlock,  AVilliam. 
Kirsey,  Edward. 
Lynch,  John. 
Lipscomb,  Wm. 
Layne,  AVm. 
Mays,  Alonzo. 
Milstead,  Frank. 
Mitchell,  AVilliam. 
Manning,  John. 
Moraity,  Patrick. 
Norvell,  George.  . 
Norvell,  Marion. 
Purdue,  Josiah. 
Purdue,  Benj. 
Phelps,  AV^illiam. 
Plumb,  Louis. 
Eoach,  AVilliam. 
Eoach,  .James. 
Eider,  Isaiah. 


Rule,  Peter. 
Eobinson,  James. 
Eobinson,  Turner. 
Eichey,  James. 
Eock,  George. 
Eaine,  James. 
Stewart,  AVilliam. 
Sprouts,  AA'illiam. 
Sprouts,  Plenry. 
vShepard,  Joseph. 
Shepard,  Eichard. 
Smith,  Joseph. 
Stanley,  William. 
Stanley,  AVilliam,  Jr. 
Sharp,  AVUliam. 
Sharp,  Henry. 
Seay,  James. 
Turner,  AVm.  E. 
Turpin,  Eiley. 
Taylor,  James. 
Trent,  Benj. 
AValker,  Eeese. 
AValker,  John. 
AValker,  AA'illiam. 
AVhorley,  AVilliam. 
AVood,  Patrick. 
AA'^right,  AAllliam. 
AVoolridge,  Eichard. 
AVool  ridge,  Peter. 
AV^ooliidge,  Beverly. 
AVoolridge,  Daniel. 


APPENDIX. 


455 


Beauregard  Rifles  (afterward  Beauregard  Artillery,  or  Moor- 
man's Battery),  mustered  into  service  at  Lynchburg,  Va.,  May 
11,  1861: 

First  Capt.,'Mavce\\us'^.Moorma.n.Srrond  SergL,  John  J.  Shoemaker. 
Second  Copt.,  John  J.  Shoemaker.  Third  SergL,  James  K.  Bead. 
First  Lieut.,  Blake  L.  Woodson.     Fourth  Sergt.,  Ed.  H.  Moorman. 
Second  Lieut ,  Ferd.  C.  Hutter.       First  Corp.,  Henry  D.  Yancey. 
Third  Lieut.,  Joseph  B.  Smith.     Second  Corp.,  Aug.  Leftwich. 
First  Sergt.,  Charles  R.  Phelps.      Third  Corp.,  Charles  L.  Burch. 
Fourth  Corp.,  John  Hurley. 


Burkholder,  Robt.  C. 
Boyd,  James  M. 
Boyd,  Charles  A. 
Boyd,  Edward  D. 
Brown,  Samuel  H. 
Brown,  Willliam  R. 
Burford,  William  E. 
Burford,  William  C. 
Burford,  Archer  L. 
Burch,  Thomas  P. 
Boydton,  Wm.  Shelley. 
Bradley,  James  M. 
Cobbs,  James  A. 
Gary,  John. 
Cullen,  Thomas  P. 
Clopton,  William  A. 

Christian,  John  S. 

CoflTee,  William  W. 

Dornm,  Anthony  E. 

Derr,  Charles  H. 

Edmondson,  John  T. 

Edwards,  John  T. 

Fitzgerald,  Wm.  N. 

Farmer,  Calvin. 

Fisher,  G.  W. 

Furgerson,  Stephen  B, 

Fitch,  Charles. 

Fariss,  Richard. 

Green,  George  W.  L. 

Gordon,  Samuel  A. 

Hanks,  Peter  D. 

Hamlett,  Robert  A. 


privates. 

Isbell,  David  D. 
Johnson,  William  R. 
Jones,  McK.  W. 
Jones,  John  I). 
Kinnear,  George  A. 
Logan,  Henry  D. 
Loose,  William. 
Morris,  Charles  W. 
Morris,  William  A. 
Murphy,  Walter  B. 
Murphy,  Albert  E. 
Meredith,  Samuel  A. 
Mundy,  Zachary  N. 
Mayo,  Leonard. 
Marx,  William. 
Miller,  Robert  R. 
Morford,  William  P. 
Moore,  Joseph, 
^larshall.  Hunter. 
Meadow,  T.  P. 
Mauck,  Peter  D. 
McDonald,  Alex. 
McMaster,  John. 
McGrath,  John. 
McAlister,  Robt.  C. 
.  Nunnalee,  Lewis  T. 
North,  Clayton. 
Pamplin,  William  J. 
Poindexter,  G.  H. 
Percival,  Peter. 
Pettyjohn,  Charles. 
Pettyjohn,  Joseph. 


Pettj'john,  Jesse  N. 
Preston,  Samuel  T. 
Padgett,  Radford  H. 
Perkins,  Richard  J. 
Quinlan,  Edward. 
Rucker,  James  G. 
Ritchev,  Harvie  F. 
Reid,  William  S. 
Read,  John  A. 
Rose,  Harry  J. 
Rosser,  Ed.  B. 
Steptoe,  Nathaniel  M. 
Smithson,  Leslie  C. 
Stephens,  .James  D. 
Stephens,  James  W. 
Slaughter,  John  A. 
Stratton,  Albert  F. 
Stratton,  Jacob. 
Smith,  Vincent  C. 
Schafi'ter,  Aurelius. 
Turpin,  W.  R. 
Vorhauer,  William. 
Watts,  Richard  A. 
Wood,  John  F. 
Webb,  John  W. 
Woodroof,  Suprey  C. 
Woodroof,  J.  W. 
Wooling,  Henry  B. 
Wills,  Alexander  F. 
Whitten,  A.  E. 
Williams,  Charles  W. 
Yeatman,  Thomas  R. 


456 


APPENDIX. 


Latham's  Battery,  Company  D,  Thirty-Eighth  Virginia 
Battalion. 


First  Captain,  H.  Grey  Latham. 
Second  Captain,  James  Dearing. 
Third  Captain,  Jos.  G.  Blomit. 
Fourth  Captain,  J.  "W.  Dickerson. 
First  Lieut.,  Geo.  S.  Davidson. 
First  Lieut.,  Jas.  W.  Dickerson. 
First  Lieut.,  T.  F.  Kichardson. 
First  Lieut,  J.  L.  Thompson. 
Second  Lieut.,  W.  J.  Folkes. 
Second  Lieut. ,  L.  Clark  Leftwich, 
Second  Lieut,  William  King. 
Second  Lieut.,  Chas.  A.  Taylor^. 


Second  Lieid.,  J.  L.  Thompson. 
Second  Lieut,  Jos.  G.  Blount. 
Second  Lieut.,  W.  H.  Blackwell. 
Second  Lieut. ,  N.  H.  Hazlewood. 
Sergeant,  C.  A.  Taylor. 
Sergeant,  S.  K.  Lampkin. 
Sergeant,  G.  W.  Apperson. 
Sergeant,  M.  L.  Percival. 
Corporal,  Wm.  P.  Taliaferro. 
Corporal,  J.  B.  Ley. 
Corporal,  K.  J.  Rice. 
Drummer,  James  Chenault. 


Allen,  A. 

Blackwell,  Wm.  H. 
Biby,  George.  W. 
Coleman,  Clifton  L. 
Carndea,  William. 
Cox,  William  F. 
Camden,  Samuel  H. 
Cullen,  J.  W. 
Creasy,  James  F. 
Coleman,  R.  H. 
Chavers,  J.  L. 
Camden,  William. 
Chenault,  C.  O. 
Day,  C.  R. 
Davidson,  F.  M. 
Dick  ell,  Charles. 
Dayton,  E.  T. 
Dowdy,  James  M. 
Fields,  Leon. 
Fat,  George  F. 
Godsey,  Frank. 
Goff,  Thomas. 
Gilliam,  James  D. 
Gilliam,  Wm.  A. 
Gilliam,  Cornelius. 
Graham,  Thomas. 


PRIVATES. 

Hughes,  Hugh. 
Hickey,  Daniel. 
Heckworth,  L.  C. 
Hughes,  T.  N. 
Kendall,  George  E. 
Kennady,  Jolin. 
Laine,  J.  H. 
Lindsey,  W. 
McGuley,  J.  B. 
McCanna,  James. 
McCreary,  Daniel. 
McCreary,  John  W. 
ISIoore,  W.  S. 
Moore,  Jere. 
Moseley,  G.  W. 
Marks,"  T.  V. 
Mason,  J.  N. 
Mays,  James  W. 
Oliver,  William  H. 
O'Brien,  Wm.  A. 
Owen,  J.  B. 
Perry,  J.  G. 
Padgett,  Geo. 
Pettit,  E.  D. 
Phelps,  Thomas. 
Perry,  C.  M.    ^ 


Phelps,  Jos.  M. 
Phelps,  J.  B. 
Patteson,  W.  H. 
Read,   William. 
Reynolds,  Benj. 
Ross,  Thomas. 
Radley,  John. 
Richardson,  T.  F. 
Robinson,  A.  P. 
Stanley,  George  W. 
Sumpter,  A.  McK. 
Spencer,  Albert. 
Spencer,  Wm.  A. 
Spencer,  James. 
Thompson,  J.  L. 
Tibbe,  John  A. 
Torgee,  Geo.  W. 
Wicker,  R.  T. 
Wicker,  William. 
Wyatt,  C.  N. 
Woolridge,  M.  W. 
Walden,  E.  H. 
Wright,  G.  R. 
Woolridge,  Peter  W. 
Wright,  C.  L. 
Viar,  Jacob. 


APPENDIX. 


457 


Davidson's  Battery,  Company  C,  Thirteenth  Virginia  Battalion. 

Second  Lieut.,  W.  Roane  Ruffin. 


First  Captain,  Geo.  S.  Davidson. 
Second  Capt.,  J.  H.  Chamberlayne. 
First  Lieut.,  John  A.  Elliott. 
First  Lieut.,  Joseph  Laweon. 
First  Lieut,  St.  Geo.  E.  Fitzhugh, 
Second  Lieut.,  W.  T.  Oliver. 
Second  Lieut. ,  John  T.  Johnson. 
Second  Lieut.,  Thos.  W.  Powell. 
Second  Lieut.,  James  C.  Otey. 
Second  Lieut.,  Robert  EUett. 
Second  Lieut.,  Joseph  Cohn. 


First  Sergeant,  James  C.  Otey. 
Second  Sergeant,  D.M.D.  Smithson. 
Third  Sergeant,  Ed.  J.  Duffell. 
Fourth  Sergeant,  Wm.  A.  Ballard. 
Fifth  Sergeant,  Christopher  C.  Boyd. 
Fifth  Sergeant,  James  L.  Wood. 
Corporal,  John  J.  Smith. 
Corporcd,  Joseph  Cohn. 
Corporal,  John  R.  Daniel. 
Corporal,  Wm.  W.  Omohundro. 


Alvis,  G.  E. 
Alvis,  J.  T. 
Allen,  William. 
Ballard,  John. 
Brooks,   Custus. 
Briggs,  Geo.  L. 
Bryant,  John  J. 
Brovles,  John  J. 
Childress,  Wm.  T. 
Callahan,  Hezekiah  L. 
Callahan,  John. 
Dunbar,  Geo.  W. 
Davidson,  Ellis  C. 
Doss,  Robert  H. 
Daniel,  John  R. 
Day,  John  R. 
Driskill,  John  R. 
Echols,  Wm.  C. 
Echols,  Thomas. 
Eika,  Frederick. 
Fulks,  Marshall. 
Freeman,  Leroy. 
Foster,  James. 
Frve,  Ferd.  K. 
Frye,  Wm.  H. 
Graham,  -  Samuel. 
Gilliam,  Robert. 
Glenn,  Richard. 
Hunter,  Nehemiah  H. 
Holcomb,  Henry. 
Hannah,  Robert  M. 
Hall,  Samuel  F. 
Jones,  W.  W. 
Jenkins,  Obediah. 


Johnson,  Thos.  H. 
Keys,  W.  H. 
Kelly,  Robert. 
Lewis,  John  R. 
Layne,  David  S. 
Loath,  Julius. 
Liggon,  D.  L. 
Lawhorne,  Thos.  G. 
Leonard,  Wm. 
Lloyd,  Edward. 
Manley,  J.  H. 
Melton,  John  F. 
Marsh,  John  W. 
Marsh,  Robert  M. 
Maxsh,  Peter  M. 
Martin,  Samuel  J. 
Moore,  Charles  M. 
Moore,  Samuel  F. 
Moore,  James  H. 
Moore,  Richard. 
McClintick,  Robert. 
Murry,  Michael. 
Morrison,  John. 
Miller,  Wm.  H. 
Nowell,  Robert  H. 
North,  Adam. 
Newell,  Thomas. 
Nelson,  Robt.  P. 
Omohundro,  John  B. 
Omohundro,  Wm.  W, 
Peters,  Jesse. 
Plumb,  Lewis, 
Phelps,  Charles. 
Phelps,  Charles  R. 


Phelps,  John. 
Phelps,  Jos.  E. 
Perkinson,  Henry. 
Padgett,  Callohill  C. 
Padgett,  John  W. 
Padgett,  R.  B.  F. 
Pribble,  Cornelius  J. 
Pribble,  Frank  C. 
Powers,  John. 
Parson,  John  R. 
Roberts,  Richard. 
Reynolds,  John,  Sr. 
Reynold,  John  J. ,  Jr. 
Revnolds,  Fayette. 
Rouke,  Wm.  O. 
Richardson,  S.  M. 
Stewart,  Warren  A. 
Stewart,  John  P. 
Stanley,  Henry. 
Shell,  Landon  H. 
Seay,  Peter. 
Seay,  Isaac. 
Smith,  John  J. 
Seavmour,  Wm.  S. 
Thomas,  W.  T. 
Thomas,  MarcellusA. 
Thomas,  Wm.  H. 
Taylor,  Wm.  H. 
Thayer,  Robert. 
Umphreys,  Edward. 
Waldron,  Adel. 
Wood,  James  L. 
Wells,  James  M. 
Whitten,  Gustavus. 


458 


APPENDIX. 


Heavy  Artillery,  Company  C,  Fourth  Eegiment  Virginia 
Artillery: 

First  CapL,  Samuel  D.  Preston.     First.  Sergt. ,  Stephen  C.  Perrow. 
Second  CapL,  Thomas  S.  Preston.  Second  Sergt.,  F.  J.  Kockenbach. 
First  Lieut.,  Thomas  S.  Preston.    Third  Sergt.,  John  J.  Linkinhoker. 
Second  Lieut,  Wm.  H.  Banton.      Fourth  Sergt. ,  A.  M.  Davies. 
Second  Lieut.,  John  W.  Davis.       Fifth  Sergt.,  George  W.  Wyatt. 
Second  Lieut.,  Stephen  C.  Perrow.   Corporal,  William  C.  Mays. 
Second  LieuL,  Thomas  A.  Tibbs.    Corporal,  J.  N.  Haynes. 
Secoiul  Lieut.,  F.  J.  Kockenbach.     Corporal,  Benj.  H.  Hawkins. 
Corporal,  Alfred  D.  Hickman. 


Brafford,  Kobert  A. 
Ballowe,  W.  A. 
Bocock,  S.  E. 
Brown,  Bird. 
Brown,  Preston. 
Bryant,  Joseph. 
Bryant,  Lyman. 
Butts,  William  E. 
Crawford,  William. 
Cash,  John  I. 
Campbell,  W.  A. 
Cushwell,  Thomas. 
Catliin,  John  W. 
Dawson,  Harry. 
Dixon,  John  J. 
Fitzgerald,  Chas.  J. 
Fitzgerald,  Geo.  A. 
Ford,  Simeon  W. 
Goolsby,  Paul  A. 
Grant,  Paul  H. 
Grant,  W.  H. 
Harris,  A.  W. 


PRIVATES. 

Hickman,  Alex. 
Hickman,  Matthew  A. 
Holt,  George  W. 
Hope,  Kobert. 
Howard,  John  C. 
Isenhower,  James. 
Isaacs.  W.  H. 
Johnson,  John  J. 
Johnson,  Kobert  A. 
Jones,  James  W. 
Kenny,  James  M. 
Kirby,  W.  K. 
Lane,  Edward. 
Lingleton,  W.  K. 
Maine,  Isaac  S. 
Mays,  Joshua  B. 
Mason,  Benj.  D. 
McCormack,  Caspar. 
Moore,  Gustavus. 
Morris,  George  W. 
Morris,  N.  D. 
Morris,  W.  C. 


Moxley,  George  W. 
Oneman,  N.  Proffitt. 
Perdew,  John. 
Phelps,  James  K. 
Eead,  W.  N. 
Eice,  D.  C. 
Selby,  W.  M. 
Sasser,  W.  T. 
Terry,  E.  S. 
Thacker,  D. 
Tucker,  C.  D. 
Tucker,  C.  H. 
Tucker,  William. 
Thurman,  Archibald. 
Tollsy,  J.  H. 
Turner,  Thomas  H. 
T}Tee,  Augustus. 
Vier,  Edward. 
Walker,  George  T. 
Warren,  Edward. 
Wilkerson,  Thomas. 
Yuille,  Philip  P. 


Lee's   Body   Guard,  afterwards  Company  E,   Thirty-ninth  Bat- 
talion Virginia  Cavalry:* 
Captain,  A.  H.  Pettigrew.  First  Lieutenant,  J.  A.  Armistead. 

Second  Lieutenant,  Fred.  Mitchell. 


Baber,  John. 
Bagby,  LUburn. 
Couch,  James  M. 
Craddock,  David. 
Chumbley,  Joseph. 
Christian,  Nat. 
Franklin,  Thos.  E. 

*  Partial  Roster. 


privates. 
Franklin,  Samuel. 
Farmer,  William. 
Hunter,  Thomas. 
Johns,  J.  O. 
Jones,  Edmund  W. 
Jones,  John  T. 
Kinnear,  James. 


Perrow,  Willis. 
Eodes,  John. 
Slaughter,  Samuel. 
Taliaferro,  C.  C. 
Taliaferro,  Hugh. 
Thompson,  Thomas. 


APPENDIX. 


459 


Kirkpatrick's  Battery,  Company  A,  Thirty-first  Battalion 
Virginia  Artillery:* 

Captain,  Thos.  J.  Kirkpatrick.  Second  Lieut.,  E.  G.  Scott. 

First  Lieut.,  George  W.  Hobson.       Third  Lieut.,  A.  E.  Woodroof. 

PRIVATES. 

Butterworth,  Moses.  Kinckle,   Frank  T.  McCorkle,  John  J. 

Christian,  John.  Kinnear,  John  H,  Miller,  Frank  T. 

Doss,  William.  Lewis,  John.  Nowlin,  James  B. 

Hains,  Christopher.  Mason,  John  T.  Petty,  William  J. 

Hewitt,  A.  Boiling.  McCausland,  Jas.  F.  Eodes,  Lafayette  P. 

Hewitt,  A.  I.  McDaniel,  WiUiam  L.  Steptoe,  W.  T. 

Hewitt,  A.  E.  Moore,  Thomas  W.  Steptoe,  Jacob  M. 

Horner,  James  W.  McKinney,  Barney.  Wills,  Edwin  D. 

Inge,  William  J.  McCorkle,  William.  Yancey,  W.  T. 

Second  Eegiment  Virginia  Cavalry.! 

First  Colonel,  E.  C.  W.  Eadford. 

Second  Colonel,  T.  T.  Munford. 

Third  Colonel,  Cary  Breckinridge 

First  Lieutenant-Colonel,  T.  T.  Munford. 

Second  Lieutenant-Colonel,  J.  W.  Watts. 

Third  Lieutenant-Colonel,  Cary  Breckinridge. 

Fourth  Lieutenant-Colonel,  W.  F.  Graves. 

First  Major,  J.  S.  Langhorne, 

Second  Major,  A.  L.  Pitzer. 

Third  Major,  Cary  Breckinridge. 

Fourth  Major,  W.  F.  Graves. 

Fifth  Major,  Thomas  Whitehead. 

First  Adjutant,  E.  H.  Banks. 

Second  Adjutant,  Lomax  Tayloe. 

Third  Adjutant,  John  W.  Tayloe. 

Fourth  Adjutant,  Samuel  Griffin. 

First  Assistant  Surgeon,  S.  H.  Meredith. 

Second  Assistant  Surgeon,  W.  H.  Bowyer. 

Third  Assistant  Surgeon,  W.  B.  Daviea. 

Fourth  Assistant  Surgeon,  J.  H.  Nelson. 

Fifth  Assistant  Surgeon,  W.  H.  Peake. 

Sixth  Assistant  Surgeon,  James  Eoan. 

Seventh  Assistant  Surgeon,  W.  H.  Shackleford. 

First  Quartermaster,  W.  H,  Trent. 

First  Commissary,  Albert  McDaniel. 

First  Sergeant-Major,  William  Steptoe. 


*  This  Is  a  roster  of  the  Lynchburg  members. 

+  First  mounted   regiment  organized   in  Virginia.     Organized   at 
Lynchburg  May  8, 1861,  Colonel  J.  A.  Early,  mustering  officer. 


460  APPENDIX. 

Second  Sergeani-Major,  John  Fulks. 

Third  Sergeant-Major,  E.  T.  Watts. 

Fourth  Sergeant-Major,  W.  J.  Holcombe. 

Fifth  Sergeant-Major,  Samuel  GrifSn. 

First  Color-Sergeant,  Lomax  Tayloe. 

Second  Color-Sergeant,  H.  D.  Yancey. 

Third  Color-Sergeant,  James  E.  Tucker. 

Fourth  Color-Sergeant,  J.  T.  Morgan. 

First  Commissary-Sergeant,  C.  H.  Almond. 

First  Quartermaster-Sergeant,  F.  Merriweather. 

Farrier,  F.  Williams. 

Chief  Blacksmiths,  W.  B.  Bowyer  and  B.  Hughes. 

First  Bugler,  J.  H.  Kasey. 

Second  Bugler,  William  Wilson.  >t 

Chaplain,  W.  W.  Berry. 

Adjutant^  Clerk  and  Ordnance  Officers,  M.  Guggenheimer  and  T. 
P.  Tayloe. 

Regimental  Band,  George  E.  Lyman,  Leader;  Charles  H.  Bau, 
Thomas  Walker,  Frank  Myering,  A.  E.  Edwards,  James  M.  Ed- 
wards, Hercy  E.  Carper,  H.  M.  Harris,  E.  W.  Thurman,  Thomas 
Wilson. 

Company  A,  Captain  William  E.  Terry,  Bedford  county. 

Company  B,  Captain  John  S.  Langhorne,  L}Tichburg. 

Company  C,  Captain  Andrew  L.  Pitzer,  Botetourt  county. 

Company  D,  G.  W.  B.  Hale,  Franklin  county. 

Company  E,  Edgar  Whitehead,  Amherst  comity. 

Company  F,  James  Wilson,  Bedford  county. 

Company  G,  E.  C.  W.  Eadford,  Bedford  county. 

Company  H,  Joel  W.  Flood,  Appomattox  county. 

Company  I,  J.  D.  Alexander,  Campbell  county. 

Company  K,  Eugene  Davis,  Albemarle  county. 


APPENDIX. 


461 


OFFICIAL  ROSTERS  OF  THE  LYNCHBURG-  COM- 
PANIES  IN  THE   SERVICE   OF  THE  UNITED 
STATES  IN  THE  WAR  WITH  SPAIN. 


The  Zouaves,  Company  E,    Second  Kegiment  Virginia  Vol- 
unteers: 

Captain,  E.  E.  Craighill.  Corporal,  B.  B.  Murdock. 

First  Lieut.,  A.  B.  Percy.  Corporal,  J.  M.  Tanner. 

Second  Lieut. ,  A.  S.  Burnham.  Corporal,  Henry  L.  Johnson. 

First  Sergt.,  Guy  M.  Langhorne.  Corporal,  L.  E.  Wingfield. 

C/rmaster  Sergt.,  M.  Allen.  Corporal,  George  T.  Pleasants. 

Sergt.,  W.  L.  Holt.  ,  Corporal,  Harry  P.  Baker. 

Sergt.,  J.  R.  Mitcham.  Musician,  Langhorne  D.  Lewis. 

Sergt.,  R.  C.  Williams.  Musician,  William  P.  McNeer. 

Sergt.,  H.  O.  Holt.  Artificer,  F.  S.  Moore. 
Wagoner,  Spot.  F.  Fulks. 


Armistead,  H.  M. 
Armistead,  L.  L.,  Jr. 
Anderson,  R.  L. 
Andrews,  James  P. 
Brightwell,  E.  W. 
Bowles,  Ed.  F. 
Brown,  A.  D. 
Browne,  J.  L. 
Brooder,  E.  F. 
Browne,  E.  J. 
Canada,  E.  H. 
Carter,  L.  G. 
Craxton,  N.  W. 
Duflel,  E.  A. 
Dufiel,  V.  H. 
Easley,  C.  B. 
Evans,  W.  H. 
Forsberg,  F.  A. 
Fletcher,  Ashton. 
Goggin,  Jolin  O.  L. 
Hensley,  James  O. 
Henson,  George  L. 


PRIVATES. 

Hickson,  Ed. 
Hickson,  M.  B. 
Hopkins,  G.  H. 
Hopkins,  W.  A. 
Hogan,  O.  S. 
Hickok,  John  D. 
Johnson,  H.  L. 
Jordan,  W.  B. 
Jerry,  G.  W. 
Jordan,  John  B. 
Jordan,  Hugo. 
Kern,  LeRoy  E. 
Long,  J.  H. 
Layne,  W.  R. 
Lewis,  R.  B. 
Layne,  F.  S. 
Lee,  R.  L. 
Long,  R.  L. 
Loving,  R.  W. 
Messier,  E.  M. 
McCormick,  G.  H. 
Moseley,  R.  M. 


Noel,  R.  F. 
Owney,  T.  L. 
Padgett,  P.  T. 
Pitman,  W.  G. 
Quarles,  S.  H. 
Ross,  G.  E. 
Senseney,  W.  P. 
Scott,  W.  P.  _ 
Shands,  William. 
Southall,  Ashton  G. 
Smith,  S.  J. 
Stephenson,  J.  H.  B. 
Thomas,  R.  O. 
Turpin,  Patrick. 
Thompson,  George  B. 
Winston,  Joseph  H. 
Wilkinson,  Thos.  R. 
Witt,  J,  E. 
Williams,  R.  L. 
Wood,  R.  E.  L. 
Wolfenden,  J.  G. 


462 


APPENDIX. 


Home  Guard,  Company  E,  Third  Regiment  Virginia  Volunteers. 


First  Captain,  F.  C.  Scruggs. 
Second  Captain,  W.  S.  Faulkner. 
First  Lieutenant,  W.  J.  Seabury. 
Second  Lieut.,  W.  S.  Faulkner. 
First  Sergeant,  G.  R.  Lewis. 
Qrmaster  Sergt. ,  R.  L.  Stabler. 
Sergeant,  Frank  Adams. 
Sergeant,  H.  M.  Scott. 
Sergeant,  H.  C.  Snead. 
Sergeant,  J.  H.  Akers. 


Corporal,  C.  S.  Adams. 
Corporal,  F.  W.  Agnor. 
Corporal,  G.  W.  Gilbert. 
Corporal,  C.  D.  Hamner. 
Corporal,  R.  A.  Lacy. 
Corporal,  R.  H.  Oglesby. 
Musician,  W.  H.  Tyree. 
Musician,  W.  H.  Bailey. 
Artificer,  Patrick  Kelly. 
Wagoner,  P.  M.  Jones. 


Adams,  Chas.  L. 
Burrow,  Bardon  C. 
Bondurant,  H.  C. 
Brown,  J.  L. 
Brown,  Chas.  L. 
Berry,  Little. 
Bradley,  D. 
Camp,  Robert  P. 
Carter,  Chas.  D. 
Cox,  Walter  E. 
Carter,  T.  S. 
Calloway,  James  D. 
Dickey,  Rufus  M. 
Davis,  W.  E. 
Deverick,  W.  B. 
Fosco,  William. 
GiU,  Charles  E, 
Garland,  Landon  C. 
Garland,  J.  P.,  Jr. 
Grim,  George  E. 
HUl,  A.  B. 


Harris,  W.  E. 
Hix,  Henry  A. 
Harris,  J.  B. 
Jenkins,  Ed. 
Kinnear,  Robert. 
Kemper,  B.  F. 
Light,  Brownlow 
Loyd,  J.  J.,  Jr. 
Lacy,  Hays  O. 
Lindsay,  C.  D. 
Mosby  W.  H. 
Morris,  C.  S. 
Morgan,  R.  W., 
Mays,  Rennie  O. 
Murkland,  Ed.  A. 
Moorman,  Geo.  L. 
Murry,  Thomas  J. 
Minter,  Wm.  E. 
Mitchell,  A.  C. 
Noel,  Claude.  R. 
Nichols,  E.  J. 


Jr. 


Oglesby,  Robert  D. 
Payne,  David  B. 
Pollard,  James  O. 
Pendleton,  VV.  C,  Jr. 
Roberts,  H.  H. 
Rucker,  Edwin. 
Robinson,  (ieo.  W. 
Sanders,  Joseph  W. 
Stone,  John  A. 
Sholes,  John  H. 
Sprinkle,  Emmet  B. 
Spence,  Wade  A. 
Taylor,  Joel  F. 
Tompkins,  Alex.  S. 
Talbot,  W.  E. 
Thompson,  John. 
Watts,  S.  C. 
Wilson,  Harry  S. 
Wellford,  James  L. 
Wilson,  Walter  C. 
Watson,  E.  L. 


APPENDIX. 


463 


The  Fitz  Lee  Rifles,  Company  L,    Third  Eegiment  Virginia 
Volunteers: 

Captain,  E.  L.  Miller.  Corporal,  William  F.  Enochs. 

First  Lieut.,  John  D.  Clark.  Corporal,  Walter  L.  Fulks. 

Second  Lieut,  R.  H.T.  Adams,  Jr.  Corporal,  James  H.  Snider. 


First  SergL,  W.  D.  Monroe 
^rm'r  SergL,  Alvin  B.  Scruggs. 
Sergeant,  Ed.  Murphy. 
Sergeant,  Daniel  A.  Broader. 
Sergeant,  John  E.  Pettus. 
Sergeant,  Wm.  P.  Gorman. 


Corporal,  Ernest  Hall. 
Corporal,  James  C.  Peerman. 
Corporal,  James  F.  Lyle. 
3fusician,  Walter  Almond. 
Musician,  Joseph  L.  App. 
Artificer,  Robert  L.  Atkins. 


Wagoner,  Charles  H.  Brown. 


Abbott,  C.  F. 
Adams,  C. 
Brooks,  D.  J. 
Black,  Edgar. 
Burch,  G.  A. 
Brown,  R.  C. 
Bowles,  Henry  F. 
Broader,  J.  P. 
Burnley,  J.  W. 
Childress,  C.  W. 
Childress,  J.  C. 
Cahill,  E.  W. 
Crawford,  W.  G. 
Cheatwood,  S.  M. 
Carter,  U.  D. 
Doyle,  Michael. 
Dunbar,  Harry. 
Duff,  R.  F. 
Dillard,  J.  F. 
Drinkard,  B.  H. 
Evans,  David  T. 
Eubank,  (xeorge. 
Foster,  W.  H. 
Glass,  Clarance. 
Godsey,  W. 
Goii,  Nathan. 


Gilliam.  George  W. 
Green,  W.  H. 
Hendricks,  T.  H. 
Hall,  W.  D. 
Harvey,  Robert  E. 
Hamilton,  G.  E. 
Hendershall,  H.  J. 
Hudson,  Luke. 
Jenkins,  H.  W. 
Jennings,  Jesse  U. 
Kennedy,  D.  F. 
Kennedy,  S.  H. 
Kellv,  R.  E. 
Kelly,  J.  W. 
Kelly,  D.  J. 
LeGrand,  J.  W. 
Leflew,  James. 
Lavton,  Reuben  E. 
Lyle,  J.  F. 
Lawless,  Mike  L. 
Mallerv,  T.  E. 
MurphV,  W.  R. 
Moreland,  B.  M. 
Martin,  S.  R. 
Morgan,  E.  W. 


McKenna,  F.  E. 
McKenna,  Ed. 
O'Meara,  J.  F. 
Peters,  Stephen. 
Pendleton,  Charles, 
Pickett,  W.  J. 
Payne,  W.  J. 
Riley,  J.  L. 
Ray,  R.  W. 
Rominey,  M. 
Slavin,  W.  S. 
Saunders,  S.  L. 
Schultz,  J.  C. 
Stinnett,  Warren. 
Slavin,  Robert  L. 
Tumer,  J.  R. 
Turner,  W.  E. 
Tm-ner,  Ed. 
Vest,  R.  C. 
Wheeler.  E.  C. 
Woody,  M.  G. 
Wood,  James  B. 
Woods,  Patrick; 
Yuille,  .James  F. 
Zwanziger,  J. 


