By Midnight our Advecturers got'to the middle, and most defart part of
Sierra Morena, where Sancho advisd his Master to stay for some time, at least,
so" long as their Provisions lasted; and so that Night they took up their
Lodping between two Rocks over-spread with Cork-trees. But Faral Forfkune,
who, according to the Opinion of those that walk not according to
= | 13641 {7 T3107: : | the

"7% v4 + + «& wa4 —— Sv OFT IIS bp) 154% 4's « M

pets ;
- ) . % x -þ Y . - , *”% . vw - - G..c'v -g* - » » Ap, . 1 * —_—— _— , , bs ”
4. 44 : , " SIONS. 4/6 "WS gx Gl ww _ PE Oe IO | WY "LEI Sc ta ad th PO OT VE "Ae 0” "Ps "OY "IP. I FONT __ OE TO OL PETE Hen
FR Foy FY — Ak | "_—_ —_ G mY : : *. x ad
£ , z & . " - ” . r
; ) . Y / * F k

N (QuixorE: Foy 1093 1h

to the light within*em, governs all things by their' own Humonr, so or-.
der it, That that same Master-Thief, Rmg' leader to allthe rest, who had
been so-gratefu} to rhe K-ght for their Liberty, having mage choice of
those Covertures to escape the Hands of Justice, happen'd Just into the
place where S4-cho and hisMafster had tak'nup their Lodgings ; and knowing
em by their CR IS civil as not to disturb their rest by no
means : But finding Sacho's Ass opportunely pannell'd and halter'd for his
Convenience, ill Nature, a Roguish Disposition, and Neceslity together,
so wrought upon him, that he very honestly spirited away the Ass, and.
made such haste, that before day he was got quite out of the Reach of
Rosonante's Pursuit. | Hed Ea
+ But-no sooner had the fair Arora begun to smile upon the Hills, and
with her refreshing Beams to bless the Surface of rhe Earth, when Sazcho,
to his unspeakable grief, miss'd the Delight of his Soul, and Comfort of
his Life, his beloved Ass. He made such'doleful Complaints, and such pitiful
Moans, that Doz Quixote waking, heard him thus expressing his un-
Tupportable Woes. |
Dear Off spring of my Bowels ! quo he, born and bred under my Roof,
my Childrensonly Play-fellow, the Delight of my Wite, the Envy of my
Neighbours, and the Staff of my laborious Life! Ina word, the Maintainer
of half my Family ; for with Ten-pence which thou earned (t me every day,
didft thou defray the half of. my Expences. Do#z 2#7xote, divining by his
Lamentations at the Cause of Sazcho's Sorrow, endeavour'd to comfort him
with soft and tender Expressions, and learned Discourses upon the Misfortnnes
of this World: But nothing wronght so kindly with Saxcho, as.a
Bill of Exchange, - which his Master promis'd him, for his Wife to take
three Aﬀes out of five, which he had at home. Sazcho not being able to
withstand an Argument so powerful, dry'd up his Tears, 'put a Stop. to his
Sighs and Sobbs, and return'd his Master a thousand Thanks for so generous
a Favour. | SIA |
On the other side, Doz 2»ixote being not alittle refresh'd with the Sleep
he had got, and calling to mind the strange Adventures which Kxighrs-
Exrants had met with in Defarts and Solitudes, was over joy'd to find him-
FiIf in the midst of those Mountains, believing they would afford him sufficient
Occasions to exercise his Prowess: But Sazcho's Thoughts were
otherwise employ'd ; for now believing himself quite out of Danger, made
frequent Visits to the Wallet, which Rosinante now was forc'd to carry,
and following his Master, set his Grinders a walking much faster then his
As thus they leisurely pac'd it along, Saxcho observd that his'Master stoop'd
in his Saddle to take up something with the end of his Javelin ; which he
not being able readily to do in his Saddle, Sancho ran with great Diligence
to help him. Upon, which, his Master commanding him to take it
up, they found it to be a Portmanteau, in a very ill plight by reason of the
Weather, but somewhat weighty withal. Having opend it, they found
within it four Ho!land-Shirts, with other Linen, clean and fashionable, and
in another Handkerchief, a considerable quantity of Gold, Blelfs'd by the
whole Frame of Heav*n, quo Sarcho, for sending us some good Luck once
in our Lives. ' Searching farther, they found a Table-book richly bound ;
presently, quo Do 2uixote, this is my share, take thee the Gold, Sancho,
for thy self. The Lord reward ye, dear Master, quo Szxcho, at the same time
cramming all his Booty into his Wallet. Certainly, Sancho, quo Do#
Natxote, it cannot be, but that some person, having lost his way ye ny

A Ss 6h

RF at act. a 3 RT a. FF". "0" ch. LM

The Life and Atchievements of - Part

Mountains, .has been. here. murder'd; and thrown into some. hole among
these Rocks. That cannot be, 386: Sancho, for had they been; High:
way Men, they would ne're ha? left sp much Booty behind.,, Thou speak'ft
Reason, quo Do» 2ujxote, and therefore must see.if we can discover 'any
thing out of these Papers. Thereupon, after a small Search, he found the .

following Verses, which he read aloud for Saxcho to hear...

R Love's a Blockhead, or a cruel Jew ;

Or else I feel less pain then is my Due ;

For if my Pains were equal to the Cause, | ___
They would be worse then Tooth-ach in the Jaws.
—_— But if Love be a God, I dare to swear, . e:bn4 Fall |
E-- - He then can be no Fool, and tis as clear, Fe” OUT I OUR BM [nngy'
NoGod can cruel be; then would I know |

Fs x f >Ti3 OY
& * 4 , «4 ” RT.

+... What Devil sends these' Pains that plague me so? .
Ah Phillis! Ts zz thee? No, no, dear Phillis,
A noble Cause nee breeds Effe@, that ill is. |
Tis not from Heav'n or Thee these Plagues proceed,
But I must die, for so has Fate decreed. T EIA
Nay, 1 must die for Love too like a Sot, | aig.
And yet that s neither Love's, nor yet thy Fault. ar) yn Hallo
Hard Luck of mine! to die of such a Wound, © Ef,
For which so many Med cines may be found,

I understand nothing by this, quo Saxcho. That's strange, reply*d. Doxt
21ixote; for 'tis plain, that: the Author of this Soxxez, is, or was in love;
and that. his Lady's Name was Phz/lis. Puh!— then I warrant ye, Sir,
tis your old Friend Corydon, and this Corydox is run. mad for that Phillis,
and has lost his Cloak-bag. Pray, Sir; read another Paper, you'l find it
as I say. Why, here's a Letter, and a Love-letter too, as I think, quo
Don 2uixote. Oh, good Sir ! read it out,cry'd Sancho, for I'm a great Admirer
of Love-Letters. SER 9-5 : | 3

The Falshood of your Promises, and my Misfortune, of which I have now
220 more Reason to doubt, have carryd me to a place, from whence thou shalt

sooner hear the News of my Death, then of the Cause of my Complaints. - Tho
hast forsak'n me, ungrateful as thou art,” for one more wealthy, not more wvertuors
then thy self. Tho if Vertue were a Treasure to be efteemid, T should have
20 reason to bewail my own Misfortunes, nor envy the Happiness of other Men.
What. thy AG ions Yatsd, thy Beauty has pulld down ;, I took thee for an. Angel,
bt "I but find thee a Woman. Farewel, Disturber of Peace, and ay the Perfidy
of thy Husband never come to light, lest living to repent the Tnjustice thow-hast
A : done me, T should be constrain'd to a Revenge that I never design. bo

The Person that wrote this Letter, quo Do» Quixote, was a betrayd
Lover, and that's all that I understand ; which made: him the more. 1n-
qe after the rest. And turning over the remainder of the Leaves, he
found several other Letters and Verses, wherein he could meet with nothing,

however, but Accusations, Complaints, Distrusts,. and Jealouliex,
Sorrow and Despair, Favours and Disdain ; and thence he concluded, That
the Man. had been in loye, and might be out of his Wits, And all the
3 , While he was poring in the Table-book, - Sancho was romaging the. Ma,
bo andtheSeat of the'Saddle ; which he did with that ExaQtness, that he lefr
—Þ$ hook _ Aisa | , not

Se des "us. 3a
OT, © > ic; HIER

FOE Or SO ERE. If5 7 TINY
os $og =o OW x POE

% . - . "ts Fa | -

mn . "Wo 7 - %
4 P79 1 EY ——_— £20
I Qg ll
» Wo. Ny SY " A
Wat A hes :

Book III. The Renowned Dox QuixorTE.

not a Sean unripp'd, nor a Lock of Wool which he did not” pull to pieces z
with his Nails : Yet-such was his Moderation, that tho he found no more, TT.
yet he was so well pleas'd with his hundred Crowns in Gold, already in safe
Custody, thar he forgot his being toss d ina Blanket, his painful trainings,
and Gripes of the Balsom ; the BenediCtions of the Pack staves, the Thumps
of the Mule driver, the Loss of his Wallet and Af, .as believing himself
well'paid for all the Hnoger and Thirst, which he had endur'd in his Ma-'
ster's Service. a OE eX-bh

On the other side, the Champion was in a heavy toss to know who was.
the owner of the Portmantle; guessing by the value of the things, that
he was a Person of worth, whom the disdain and scorn of his Mistress had
drivn to despair. At length, as he rode along, wholly taK'n up with these
Considerations, and follow'd by Sazcho over Bryars and Thorns, he espy'd
upon the top of a stony Cragg that was before hint, a Man that skipp'd
from Rock ro Rock, ore the Bushes and Thoriis, as nimbly as a Cat-a-
Mountain: He seem'd to be almost naked, with a thick black Beard, his
Hair clotted like a Water-Spaniels, without Hose or Shoes; having only a
pair of Breeches upon his Hipps, that seem'd to have been orice of a Purple
kind of Velvet, but so tatter'd and torn, that they discoverd his skin in
several places. All which particulars the Champion observ'd, notwithstanding
the swiftness of his motion, and endeavourd to the utmost thar
ay in his Power to overtake him; irmly beligping him to be the owner of
the Saddle and Portmantle. But Rysinante waFtoo weak to run Races with
Apparitions in such Ground as that was, being naturally of a flothful and
phlegmatick disposition. However, Don Z2zixote was resolv'd to speak
wich him, tho it cost him a whole years time. And tg that purpose, he.
orderd Saxcho to beat one side of the Mountain, while he bear the other.
I beg your Worships Pardon, quo Saxcho; for alas, Sir, should I move but a
hairs breadth out of your sight, my fears would immediately congeal me
into a Statue, that I {hould never be able to stir farther : And therefore for
the tuture I give ye warning never to lay such impossible” Tnjunttions upon
IT T0 It - 977% DIOW 1

In good time, quo the Knight of the 1Il-favour'd Countenance; I am
glad thou hast such a confidence i' my Courage : Ile assure thee I shall never
fail thee, .tho thy Soul were scar'd out o'thy Body. Follow me therefore:
fair and softly, and 'et us search every hole arid corner of this Rock, *tis a.
thousand pound to a Nut- shell, but we may meet with the owner of this
fame Portmantean : For o'my Conscience that's the'very Man. that appeard
so lately to us like.a Vision. 'Slife, Sir, quo Sazchv, I dont like your Proje&;
for should. we meet him, and he challenge the Cloak-bag, I must be
forcd'to restore him his Money., . And therefore, Sit, Irhink 'rwould be'
much better'to forbear this Curiolity of yours,. and to keep the Money, till
we meet 'him by. some other more lucky chance, when, we.may have”
spent the Gold, and worn out the Linnen, and then we are acquitted from,
making Restitution by the Law.. Thou art mistak*n, Sazcho; for since we
have ich poeonl Reasons to-believe him the owner, we are bound to find.
him out, "and restore him his Goods 5 by which means we shall be dischargd'
in Foro Conscientie. And so laying, he spurr'd Rosinante forward, well know-.
ing that S2xcho would not. dare to tarry behind. Nor was it long before
they came to a little Brook, where they found lying a dead Mule, SaddId.

Bridl'd, and half eat'n by the Crows and Kites ; which 'confirm'd: the

Knight in his belief, that the Wild;man he had "seen was the Master'of the.
Cloak-bag. Now, while they were considering the Mule, and m—_—
| \ as their

$ p Aa 4 ba” = 4 : = "
T Þ WE a; * &Y 4 '* WT $5505 4 "Vo. FI
$7. OP p36 ES bh EO) RTP IT SE 4Þ be ts hg Lo __
of ” Rod OTE a a; NT Le A EN el $a $6 54,
\ A ; * v R ry 164 pf NE, de
5 2 ox? wo 2 Ws wi $9. 4

The Life and Atchievements of | Part |:

their Observations upon the Accident, they heard a whistling, like the
whistling of some Shepherd that kept his Flock not far off; and at the
same time, upon their Left Hand, they spy'd a great number of Goats, and
a little beyond ?em an Ancient Man, that seemd to be their Guardian; to
whom Doz 2«ixote calld out, and desfird him to come down, The Goatherd
ask'd 'em how they came thither, into a Defart place, frequented by
none but Goats and Wolves, and other Wild Beasts? And seeing 'em stand
gazing upon the dead Mule, That Mule, said he, has lain there this fix
Months. But pray tell me, Gentlemen, did ye not meet his Master, coming
hither ? We met no body, reply'd Doz Zuixote ; only we found a Saddle
and a Cloak-bag not far trom this place. I have often seen it too, said
the Goat-herd, but I durst not medd!e with it, fearing it might be laid there
for a Bait, and a purpose to lay Felony to my charge. For the Devil is
very subtle, and many times tempts us with a Fool's Paradise, to draw us
into a Halter.” This is just as I said, quo Sarxcho, for I saw the Cloak. ba
too, but durst not adventure within a stones throw of it ; and there let it
lye, for me; for le be none of those that shall hang the Bell about the
Cats Neck. Well — but honest Friend, quo Doy Drone, dost thou
know who was the owner of that Mule ? OY

All that I know, reply'd the Goat-herd, is this ; That about six Months

ago, there was a young Gentleman, proper, handsom, well clad, and
mounted upon the Mule which you see there (only that it was then alive)

with the same Cloak bag betind'him, came one day to a Shepherd's Cottage,
about three Leagues from this place, and enquir'd which was the
most defart and unfrequented part of all this Mountain? Who direted
him to that part where we are now : And tis very true ; for should ye go
but half a League farther, you would be hardly able to get back again.

Now, this Gentleman having receiv'd our Answer, turn'd about his Mule,
and follow'd his DireQtions exactly, leaving us in admiration of his goodly
AspeRQ, and the great hast which he made toward the Mountain. After
that, we heard of him no more, till meeting with one of our Shepherds,
without saying a word, he fell upon him, and beat the poor fellow
most unmercitully ; and then going to the Ass that carry*d our. Provisions,
after he had tak'n away allthe Bread and Cheese,. he tripp'd back again to
the Mountain as nimbly as a wild Buck.

Hearing this, a good number of us together spent two whole days seekiog
for him in the most remote and private Retirements of the Mountains,
at length we discover'd him in the hollow of a large Cork-Tree, -
from whence he came forth to us with all the mildness and conrtelie that
could be, but with a Countenance so disfigurd. and Sun-burat, that in his
ragos and tatters we hardiy knew him again, Aﬀeer a kind Salutation, he
us in few. words, but well composd together, that we were not to
wonder to os hi in that posture, tor that it was only to acquit himself of
a. Penitential Vow, that he had oblig'd himself to perform. We desfird
him to let us know his Stations, that we might bring him ViQtuals, which
we were ready to do as often as he should desire us, so. that he needed not
to:take it by force. He thank'd us for our kind offers, and begg'd Pardon
for the Injury be had done; assuring us he would never commit the same
Violence again; We ask'd him also, where was his most usual Retirement ?
To which he answer'd, No where certain, but where ever Night surpriz'd
him ;; concluding his Speech with such bitter and lamentable Complaints,
that would have mov'd a Heart of Brass to compassion, especially in-us that
beheld him so Rirangely alterd from what we had seen him before. Ar

Tei F ———_ | pA length,

Pn EETCECEry

ds ara F- oe f = | = 0 A | My RF: op np pn ar apt nh en pd FP
Book II. The Renowned Don Quixots:

PO ILIEY

length, he made a pause, and standing like one that had been strick'n dumb,
with his Eyes stedfastly fixd upon the groutid : He continuw'd in that posture
for some time ; but then of a sudden; as if some fit of Madness had
seiz'd him, staring with his Eyes, knitting his Brows, biting his Lips, and
clutching his Fists,. he flew upon the foremost of us,with so much fury and

rage, that had we not pulld him off by main force, he had beaten out the -

Eyes of the surpriz'd Shepherd; and torn his flesh from-his Cheeks with
his Teeth; crying out 1n the height of his Frenzie, Ah Traytor, Ferdinand,
here, here ir is, that thou shalt: repay me for the Injury. thou-hast done
me ; these hands of ;mine shall rend from thy Breast that treacherous Heart,
which-harbours only Villany and Perfidy ; lading at the same time the supposed

Ferdinand with. athousand more Reproaches of Treachery and Baseness. -

Which-done, he flung from us, . and threw. himself into the thickest part of
all the Woods, leaping over the Bushes and Brambles with'that nimbleness,
that it was imposlible for us to follow him. Which caus'd'usto believe, that
his Madness seiz'd him by fits; and that some one, whose Name was Ferdi-
24nd, had done him those irreparable Injuries, which he sought to revenge
with so much Violence. Since that, it has come 1nto our Minds several times
to find him out, and tocarry him by force to;/the Mad-House, about eight
Leagues distant from hence, that so a more particular Care might be tak®n
for his Recovery; or at Jeaft, that he might be sent back to his Relations.

Don %uixote was wonderfully concern'd, when he had heard the Goatherd's
story, and resolvd to make it his business, what ere it cost him, to
find this unfortunate Lover out ; so much the rather, because he extreamly
pity'd his Condition, as believing him to be a Person of Quality, and one
that sufferd unjustly. But Fortune, observing his good Nature, resolv'd to
save him the labour ; for just as they were speaking, the young Man appear*d,
and from the cleft of a Rock, right against the place where they
stood, advancd towards 'em, muttering certain words between his Teeth,
which they could nor well have understood, had they been close by him.
When he drew near,he saluted the Company very civilly, but with a hoarse
and wheasing Voice; Doz Qzixote return'd his Civilities ; for alighting from
Rosinante, and accosting him with a Majestick Grace, he embrac'd him as if
he had been one of his old Acquaintance : Nor could the other forbear, so
soon as he got loose, to step back some two or three yards; where layin
his Hand upon his Breast, he stood staring in Dox Quixote's face, as if he
had been callirig to mind some Person whom he had known before ; no less
aftonish'd questionless to behold Doz Zuixote's Countenance, Armour, & lofty
Presence, then'Doz Quixote to see the forlorn and tatterd condition of the
Forrester. But the firit that open'd his Mouth was the Ragged Knight, as
you shall hear Þ the next Chapter: |

& . 4 *%# 4 "ug# * v .
ad v. * » > » *S

fortunes are

The Life and Atchievements of- Part IF.

CHAP. X,
The Continuation of the Adventure in the Black Mountain.

HE History relates, That the Kight of the 1l-favonrd Countenatiee
listn'd with great Attention to the disastrous Kzight of rhe Rock,

whopursuing his Discourse ; In good Truth, Sir, said he, whoe're you are,

for I know you not, you have extreamly oblig'd me by your Generosity
and Civility ; and I could wish I were in a Condition to testifie my Acknowtedgement
otherwise then in words. But my bad Fortune obstruQts my

good Intentions, so that I have nothing to return for so many Kindnesses,

but unprofitable Wishes. Js

Sir, quo Dox Quixote, {o great have been my Desires to serve you, that
E resolv'd not to depart from these Solitudes, tillI had found ye out ; to the
end I might know from your self, whether there were any Remedy to
be found for the Discontents that occasion this your disconsolate Course of
Life, tho it were to be purchas'd with the Hazard of my own Life ; or,
if your Misfortunes would admit: of no Relief, that I might assist ye to
bear the Burthen of your Woes, by sharing with you in your Sorrows, and .
intermixing my Tears with yours: For you cannot but know the Proverb,
Sir, Solamen miseris socios habuisse doloris. *Tis all the Latin I have, but 1
cannot use it upon a better Occasion. If then good Intentions may plead
Merit, I conjure ye by the first Obje&t of your early AﬀeQtions, to tell
me who you are, and the Cause of your Retirement to this solitary Defart,
so remote from the Converse of Men. |

The Kzight of the Rock, having attentively listn'd to these kind Expressions
of the Kight of the Ii-fawvonurd Countenance, he view'd and reviewd
him from top to toez and when he had so done : Sir, said he, if
you have any thing to eat, for the love of God, give it me ; and when I have
fll'd my Belly, I will fulfil your Desires. Thereupon S:xcho having dilfurnish'd
his Wallet, and the Goat-herd his Scrip, they brought him first
and second Course. Immediately the Ragged Kxizht fell on, withour saying
Grace, like a Man half famishd, with that greedy haste, that he seem'd
rather to devour, then feed, And having thus fill'd his Belly, he beckon'd

to Don: Quixote, and the rest to follow him ; and after he had brought *em

to a Meadow adjoining to a Rock, he laid himselfat his ease upon the Grass,
where the rest of the Company fitting down by him, he thus be-

Sir, aid he, if you intend that I should make a full Recital of my sad
Misfortune, you must promise me before-hand, not to interrupt me with
any Questions, or Comments upon my Words ; for if any body speaks a
Syllable, I shall presently conclude my Story. And this I the rather desire,
as intending to be quick in the Relation of my Disasters, of which the very
Remembrance 1s a Torment to me ; tho you may be asfsar'd, I shall omit
nothing of Consequence that may tend to your SatisfaQtion. Thereupon .
Day Quixote undertaking for all the rest, the Kpight of the Rock thus

gall,
My Name is Cardezio ; the Place of my Birth, one of the best Citjes of
Andaluzia ; my Descent is Noble, and my Parents wealthy. But my Mifo
great, that neither Wealth, nor the Prosperity of my Parents
can remedy, In the same Place was born the matchless Lncinds ,
incom-

I "OR 4 [ "WO WT, "EOS FHP" _=—

Book Ill. . The Renowned Don Quixote.

incompatable for her Beaiity, nobly descended; and equal in her Fortune
ro my self,” but wanting a Conftancy sufficient to answer-the Sincerity of
my Intentions. ' This Lec5/»4a Tlovd from her tender Years, and ador'd her

in her Infancy ; and she also loy'd me with a harmless Aﬀe@tionandFree--

dom, which the-Innocence of ' Childhood never scruples. Nordid our 'Parents
oppose this innocent Liberty, well knowing, that the Equality of our
Fortunes was such, that there could be no dislike of our matching together.
Afterwards our AﬀeQtions increasing as we grew in Years, Lucinda's
Father judging our usual Familiarity prejudicial to his Daughter's Honour,
forbid my frequent Visits to his House, But that Restraint did but the more
augment our AﬀeCtions and inflame our Desires. So that altho we were
debarr'd the Freedom of Converse, yet by the means of trasty Messengers,

weftill maintain a private Intercourse: in Writing ; which, like Fewel to
Fire, still fed our amorous Flames. Heav*ns ! how many Lerters have I
wrote her? How many Sonnets have I sent her ? How many tender and
obliging Returns have I receiv*d from her ?- The mutual Pledges of our private
Amours, and mutual Consolations of a violent Passion ? At length
impatient to re-behold the Comfort of my life, I resolvd to demand her of
her Father in Marriage. He thank'd me for the Honour Idid him; but told
me withal, That I had likewise a Father alive, whose consent was to be ob-
taind, as well as his. Thereupon going to my Father, with a Design to
beg his Approbation and Assistance, I fonhd him in-his Chamber with a
Letter open'd in his Hand, which he gave me to read, before I could speak a
Word to him about my own Business. Thou wilt find there, said he, the
more then ordinary Kindness that D. Richard has for thee. Now you must
know, Gentlemen, that this D. Richard was a Grarndee of Spain ; the chiefest
part of whose Eftare lies in the most fertile part! of Azdaluzia. I read
the Letter, .and found therein an obliging Request of D. Richard to send me
to him with all speed, that I might be the Companion of his eldest Son;
and promising withal, to advance me to a Fortune answerable to the good
Opinion which he had of me. The latter part of this Letter struck 'me
dumb; but I was ready to hang my self, when my Father bid me prepare
to be gone in two Days. Farther, said he, give God Thanks, that Fortune
has thus open'd thee a way tothat Advancement, which I know thou deserv'st.
Nevertheless, the Evening before the Day of my Departure, I

gave Lucinda a Visit, and told her what had happen'd: Ialso besought her

Father to preserve his good Opinion of me, and to defer the bestowing of
his Daughter, till I had been with D. Richard, Which he faithfully pro.
mis'd me to doe; and she confirm'd with all the Vows and Protestations
imaginable.

Thus between Satisfaftion and DifsatisfaQtion, I arrivd at D. Richard's
Court ; where I was receiv'd and entertain'd with that extraordinary Kindness
and Civility, that I became the Envy of all his ancient Servants. But
he that most endearingly caress'd me, was Ferdinand, the Duke's youngest
Son, generous, @mely, and of an excellent Humour. He receiv'd me into
his Bosom-Frien@hip, and gave me such continual and ample Testimonies
of his AfeQion,” that tho T was highly both belov'd agd esteem'd by his
Brother, yet could I easily distinguish between their Favours. - |
And as itis the Property of true Friends to keep nothing secret, D. Ferdinand
believing himself secure of my Fidelity, imparted to me-21l his
Thoughts; and among the rest, difclosd to me his being in love with a

handsom Country Girl, the Daughter of a Farmer, that was one of his Fa- :
he Vertue, the Prudence, the ny «+4 ;

cher's Tenants. Such w:

I" 1; 3 d. So ata —_— — —_

SENT FT AI ate ad? a 2 a.

245 The Life and Atchievements of Part I.

Damsel, that she was the Admiration of all that were-atquainted with her;
and-those her rare Endowments had so charm'd the Soul of- D. Ferdinand,

thatcfigding it impossible, ro win her for his Mistress, he refoly'd to make.

her his Wife. Now-being so engag'd, as was, 'to D. Ferainand, | thought

it my Duty todivert him trom-/ a Resolution so- prejudicial 'to7 his Honour
m and Quality ; but:;finding all my Arguments were scatterd in the Wind, 1
resolv'd to informthe Duke, his Father, of his Intentions, | But D. Þerdiand,
whose Politicks were refind; and piercing , believing my Honobr
would engage me/to- discover a Design so prejudicial to the Honour. of his
Family, endeavour to perswade me, that his'Heat was oyer ; and to compleat

the. Cure, that he was resply'd to absent himself from the Object of

his Passion ; to which purpose,” he would take a Journey..to my Father's
House, pretending to buy Horses, of which there are the best of all" that
Province, bred ingur Village, ' Presently, {way'd by. thg;Jnterest of my
own Love, I approv'd his Design, and pressd;him to make. haste, out of a

Desiga to re-visit my dear Lcizds, But alas! as afterwards I undersipod,

he had already reap'd the Izft enjoiments.of his amorous-Courtship”.te-his

Country-Mistress, with the Sickle-of promis'd Marriage ; tho he durst not ditcover
it, for fear of the Duke his Father's Displeasure. wt 194

But as the Love of young People- is only an irregular Passion, and boiling

Desire, that has no other Obje& then Pleasure, and which,Enjoyment difspates;

no sooner had he obtain'd the last Favours of his, Mistress, but. his

vehement AﬀeQtion flacken'd, and his ardent Love grew eold : So* that. if

his Desire of Absence were fain'd before, there .was nothing now which he

more really coveted: And therefore having obtain'd his Father's leave, away

we came.to my Father's House, where Doz Ferdinand was entertaind with

a Welcome befitting his Quality ; and I went to visit my £xc;a4z, who received

meas a most-:dear and constant Lover. bo! ]

Some few Days after, to divertise Ferainand, I thought it my Duty, like

ON” a Nick-a-poop as was, to put the same Confidence in his Friend{hip, with

which he had entrusted mine. And to that purpose (curse o' my-babbling

Tongue {) I made Lacizda's Beauty, Wit, and Prudence, the, Subject of my

Discourse, till I had inflam'd him with a Desire to see {9 wondertul a . Per-

{on ; and to fatisfie his Impatience, shew'd her. to him at a' low, Window,

where we were wont to converse together. And that which added to-my

Ruine, was, That she was richly dressd that Day, and seem'd {so lovely to

D. kerdinand's Eyes, that he forgat all other Beauties in/ the World. belide,

and became a doating Lover of my Mistress only. Nay, the more to enflame

him. (for when the Devil owes a man a Spite, he never pays a'man

by halves) he met with a Letter of her's, wherein she had defir'd me to

demand; her of her Father, and'to hast'n our Marriage, ; which was written

with that Modesty and: Discretion, that D. Ferdinand cry'd out, That in

Lucizds were ail.thole PerfeQions, both of Body and: Mind, met together,

as 1t were, by consent,” which in. other Women separately appear'd.- 'But

as desery*d' as they, were, I. did. not like these Encomiums, from D. Fexdis

2ana's Lips ; 1 began to smell a Rat, and therefore caxgny'd my self more

reservedly.: But the more Lforbore to speak. of her,'the fore He made her

sti] the SubjeCt of his Discourse. And this was, that which. waken'd/ my

Jealonsie, .tho I could say' nothing against Lecivds, of whose Fidelity I

thought my self {o fully assur'd, that I durst have pawn'd my Soul to a; brass

Thimble,forher Sincerity. . PVTEG VG 32 LEG 4 TART: 17777571
It happend one day, that Lucizds, who was much addiQted to read Books
of Knight-Errantry, desird me to lend her the History of Amadis de Gaul—
math | a Woah | Scarce

We x | TE *

0. bu nf 3 DOR IA e ots h A OR

Renowned Don Qur-xoTE.

Ot Te Mt, is." 6h rr i. +. 2 i. » ,$ #4

Scarce were the words, Amadis de Gaul, drop'd out of Cardenio's Mouth,
but Don Quixote interrupting him ; Had you but told me, that your Lady
was addiQed to read Romances, you need have said no more to confirm me
in the Belief of what you have utter'd concerning her Beauty and her
Wit. For if she be a Reader of Romances, I amsare she must be ten times
fairer, and ten thousand times more witty then you have express'd her, to
be : and more then that, .1do uphold and maintain her to be the 'wittiest
Woman alive. I wish, Sir,. that, together with A47adis de Gaul, you had
sent her the brave Duke Roger of Greece, Madam Lucinda, questionless,
would have been highly tak'n with Dorayda, and Geraya, and the pleasant
Shepherd Darinel, with his Bucolicks, which he sung with so much Di-
scretion,” and with such a sweet and debonnair Behaviour. But time may
repair this Defect ; and if you please to come to my House, I will shew
you above three hundred Volumes, which areall the Delight and Content -
I have in this World; and yet they are all at your Service, if the damn'd
Negromancers have not robbd me of 'em. Pardon me, I beseech ye, Sir,
for giving you this Interruption, contrary to my Promise ; but I can as
well be hang'd, and the Sun may as well forbear to shine, as. I forbear
speaking, when hear the least mention made of Kyight-Errantry, . Now
therefore, pray Sir, goon.

All the time of this Digression ns es down his Head in his

Breast, like one that had been musing soll@gew Point ! the Mathematicks.
Nor could Doz %uixote, with all his Entrees, perswade him to lookup,
or give him a Word of Answer. But at length, elevating his Chin, with
his Eyes staring in his Head ; Ple never believe we views I nor shall any
Man beat it out of my Brains, quo he, and-he's a Rascal, and a Son of a
Whore, whodentes, that that same Scoundrel of a Stallion Barber, Toms
Thumb, never lay with the Zueex of Trumps, |

By all that's vertuous in Toboso, reply'd Don 2ixote, that cannot be:
risa Scandal and a Calumny. The Queen of Trumps was amost chast and
modest Lady ; and there is'no probability, that a Princess of her Quality
would make love to a Tooth-drawer ; Whoever affirms it, Iyes in his Throat,
and Ile make him to acknowledge it, either a-foot, or a horse-back;arm'd,
or unarmd, by Day, or by Night, or how he pleases. Cardenio, upon.
this, fastend his Eyes upon Dox Quixote, without speaking a word; and
being thus provok'd into one of his mad Fits, to hear himself call'd Lyar,
and insolent Fellow, took up a great Stone that lay just at his Feet, and
threw it with-such a force at Cox Quixote, that hitting him full i' the Breast,
it beat the Champion backward upon his Rump. Sazcho seeing his Mater
abus'd, fell upon Cardenio with both his Fists clutch'd, whom Cardenio
with one {ound Wherret, laid at his Feet, and then fella trampling his
Guts, like a Baker'in a Dough-trough#- Nor-did the Goat-herd, going to
take Saxcho's Part, speed much better. And thus the Ragged Kaight having
vanquish'd the Xzight of the Ill-favonr'd Face, and both his Champions,
retir'd back tothe Mountain. TBI DIA (01 971

Szxcho was n&* sooner got-upon his Legs again, but he: began to'quarrel

with the Goar-herd, calling him -Bumkin and Logger head, for not telling
embefore, that the Ragged Knight was frantick, that sothey might ha' had
more. care. of themselves; The Goat-herd reply'd; that he had'giv'n 'em
Warning at first, and if he could not hear, he was not bound'to' find him
Fars. To this Sancho reply'd;' and the Goat-herd reply'd again 5 till from
Pro's and Cou's they fell'to seizing one another by the Beards, tuggitng and
haling each other in sych:a'cruel manner, that if Dow Quixore. had ne
\c | ' parte

AS bn

The Life and Atchievements of © Partl.

parted” em, they had pull'd one anothers Chins from their Heads. However;
Sancho keeping his hold, in great Wrath, Let mealone, 'Sir Knight of
the Ill:favour?d Face, quo he: this Fellow is no more a Dubb'd Knight then
my self, and therefore I hope Imay fight hand to hand, like aMan of Honour,
and revenge the Injury he has done me. *Tis true, Sazcho, reply'd
Dos Quixote, but I know no Injury we have receiv'd: And so saying, made _
m' {shake hands, and be Friends. And then addressing himself to the.
Goat-herd, ask'd him, Whether there were no way to find out Carderio
again, inregard, he had a great mind-'to hear the end -of his Story ? To
whom the Goat-herd made Answer, That the Ragged Knight had no constan:
Residence, but that if he tarrid thereabouts, it might not be long before
he met with him, mad or sober. |

CHAP. XI.

Of the strange Accidents that befell the valiant Knight of Mancha in the
Black Mountain ; and of - bys imitating the Penance perform'd by the
Lovely-Obscure. bo DEP

Nz 2uixote bid the Goat-herd farewell, and remounting Rosonante, commanded
Saxcho to foilow him a- foot, which he did, but 1n a damn'd
{uilen, peevish Humour ; for his Master led him into the roughest, and
most craggy part of all the Mountain. Thus they travell'd for a while,
withour speaking a word one to another ; till Saxcho, almost dead for wan
of a little Chat, Sir, said he, I desire your Worship to give me your Blessing,
and leave to _—_ that I may return home to my Wife and Children,
where no body, can hinder me from Scolding and Maundring, as I please
my self. . For I had rather be bury*d alive, then to ramble after your Heels
through Mountains and, Desarts, Day and Night, without being admitted
to speak. Could the Beasts speak, as they did in #&/-p'stime, Rosinarteand
1Imight Chat together, like two Midwives, 'and my Conceits would never
putrifie 1 my Body, as they do.. Upon my Faith, Sir, 'tis a thing not to be
endur'd to trot o' this Fashion' after Adventures, and meet with nothing
but Thumps and Bistinado's; and after all, forsooth, to have a Man's Mouth
Jowdwpz: as if his Tongue had been made for-no use. Iunderitand thee,
Sancho; quo Doz Qaixote, thou dostnot love to keep thy Tongue a Prisoner
long : =: then, Saxcbo, Ile release it for once, upon Condition, that: ir
shall be; only. forthe time we- continue 1 the! Mountaigs; Speak therefore
whatthoti hasta mind; + +, Win bod. ont 2 ao
Contest, quo; Sapthe, let us'talk while we may, God'\knows what may
befall us hereafter: And so beginning to make use of his Priviledge ; Iwons
der,-Sir,: said he,- what Reason you had to be so cholerick for the Queen
of 'T7517ps, what .d'ye call her, for. I care not a Straw what her Name is ?
Or What; wasit tothe Purpose, whether Tom Thumb werecher Paramour, or
no ?;.For.had'you -not medd1'd 'with what. y' had nothing' todo. with, the
Mad-niam would ha”: gone on: with his Story,; you had mils'd a good Thump
o the Breast, and] had scap'd the bursting the: Cawl of mFBelly. .-; {
' » Friend -Saxcho,:xeply'd Don Zuixote, didft thou-but know, what avertu-
ous Lady. the Queen, of Trumps. was, thoudst Tay, -I had 2a: great deal
- © Ba3zaa | of

PI COONS. £ % r 4 : Y

7 ek Wat rnd AO AF 64) [5
+, go IR ".& >,

"7 Bd ri,

of Patience in that I'did not tear that Fellows Tongiie from the bottom of
of his Throat, for uttering so many Blasphemies against her: Fox, inshore;

a Sv ' OO RS, ay RD OT 6h ORs Fore fat So NS: 8 Iv. WW CSE Ev 30 Be ty Fg, OE” 4 AS ESTES
Ta” 7g 4 p ts i * v8 Bey; *24 | _- © Omen 3 v1 4 "4 . Nora # n p F\ 30; Bs to PF 3b 4 bo ts $ £ OE 6. 243 ps Mol * not ke. 4M Shank \p- _-”, os. 5 Wi wo *: M »..; _aOacas > 5 0's * 4482- # ;* a Bw RR T3 $f Wo v3 J ON
n ge Wo RS Ct ei te el ue oo Ro RR Peat oO ies Fodor ing ng CIR Ro NE SC ds, OL CEN CO YT Co ES OO A RI RT 2 + "3."
9.4 AE Med Hes HF-Þ 4a A es. REEL 1 g UB be bt 0 I CN 0 hd i 6 HE 99! 2 Ns, LO " I 4 SS ore | (o3, Dad. Ca WS SEES: 2 SES KL 3» Tb 05,0095 7s apt To PE 4, EE 4 HSTE, 2 of. " 7 yo 4 4; £5 8 £330" Y : * 7. I.
VE ee og An S % BoB We He Io ENS {900 Na Le $ : LS rg > et vs nd LEES 0 2 4 LE S* SO Ms 7%, I PTS + Ke 1 1 ION Y ps DEG WI EIT S, + 54" _ 4 7 CE INS. 4 dr, WE X 8 7
perf $ JEBEL "4 T3 5 NN as 3h EATS! . " © A BS e A Poets Bs FIT) abs 4 X h, 9 ret I IOTs Fs - OT 4s) v1 p LY "y, $ Ty bes. ud , . * 58} $4 $5.25 A ; . j
oo IF 2 HO I 4 17 SCN a7 4- RT). WISE vis £ : 13s n : AC tat 31 V3 / I £ 1 \w 00) wi do PR 4 EY ATA.FD a (ADs b . » "440 . 7 1 þ A »5 $/ $848 Ara | A
449 Te: SEES IT D "7 ON A ya” Xen SR ant at oeb 4 odd oe er es A Md, NLP 4 * Re WE (A 08 Sa 1 AT Eos 3 v8 4 i Lake TERS TI: Ok, RA
tes nes HR! ) So RE od. $I WS Os Rs 1 2 ATT EG Bs LOISD a coor. rt a WG; IG Wes iP, >, WH er et AR $I þ
tte et + ' o 4. 43/4 o os MORE K CY «EL F p. W:.: # « Mos q ht p12 \ — g yh 4 "* 7 wb FIRE 0 a ” . : Ib» : p ; * £ ve Th, 4 : ;
PLAAIBN ? p- -t 7 3 peu % x 2 Wy "s v L þ - $5 **, Los, % 4, Fg FS hcl
p RS AT Ie Kg. Bs: AOL ET Ak , ' | , SPA
L Ws p Pe = : a 4 [ . by. x ; FM
bl 3 ” py LOGS ” 7 ; , / « ; c & | P1 4 >. ” Bot: fr is, 7 ob 8 2 OT I
emis wept Bet: eral nA rin ps wi MOVE TOR dates , WR , * 1: MIN a a pO ES En” wv
TERS. þ Bats. Y WT TFT Far, . E FIDE bu 7s EAT AT T4 F We PG aire Lani A _—_
W | 4 x "; ” | .< : , / F WY "OE TOI wh 7 I
4 8 R «. - l p R p £1 . Wis . 2 ” 43 « k .
Fry” *, - : 4 = 4 * » 4 7 ; * Is . eas Fi
« , - . k » - [ on , y " | >
£ ; 2 , 4 . v RY . = | =
fl . > P f 3 4 = "= $: % >k
N 4 . , « * d \ . ;
S 4 %5 % > p X o ; »
F n y KI % > .
L - : ; 4 7 | . —_ 4 p bh,
f , LI 4 > __ . e
3 }-- r ) N06. "I cl | " Rag ” $ vr.
ound

twas 2 most -execrable piece of Blasphemy to say, 'That- a Queen: had lain

witha Barber-Surgeon. For the Truth of the-Story-is this, That: this Mr.

Tom Thumb was both Counsellor, and Physician-in- Ordinary to the Queen -
bat to say he was her Paramour or Gallant,was an: infolent Scandal .and fit to

bechastizd. Neither can itbethought,' that Cardenio knew what he said;

for thou {worst he was in one of his mad Fits, When he spoke it::- And
what need you then ha' mimded what a: Mad-man said,quo Sancho? Suppose
the Stone. that hit ye o'the Breast, had beat our your Brains, we had been ©
finely sery'd for taking the part of a Sy. Bam-Triaket ; the Devil confound
her. | OTOL, 3a. 1 RFI,

Sancho, reply'd Don Quixote, -a Kpight-Errant 13 oblig'd to defend the

Honour of all Ladies against Lnmaticks, as well as Men i' their Wits ; much

more, being sach Queens and Princefles as the Queen of Trumps, for whom

Thave a particular Veneration, because of her Vertue, and other admirable
Qualities ; for besides that, she was very beautiful, she was very. prudent,

And behav her self with an incomparable Patience in all her Misfortunes':
and then it was'that it was, that she stood in need: of the wholesom Counsels
of Mr. Tom Thamb ; which gave Occasion to that false and scandalous
Report, that they lay together. But I say again, they lye, and lyea thou-
{sand times over, whoever they be, that shall either report, or so much as
think such a Calumny againstthe Queen of Trumps.

Why, Sir, quo Saxcho,. Ineither say, nor think one way or tother ; let.
them that affirm ir eat the Lye, and swallow it when they ha''done. If
they lay together, th havean{werd for it before-now. I come from plough,
I know nothing ; I never thrust my Nose into other mens Porridge ; my
Name's Twyford, T neither meddle nor make.. He that buys and sells, shall
find his Gains in his Purse. Naked I came into the World, and naked I
must go out. I neither take, nor give ;1 neither lose, nor gain: if they lay.

together 'tis no Bread and Butter o* mine. Who can make a Silk Purse of
a Sow's Ear? Butif ye catch me 1i' your Corn, put me 1 your Pound. .

The Devil go wi' thee, quo Don Zuixote, what aCompany of Proverbs
haft thou threaded together ? Whatare all chese musty Adages to my Purpose

? Prethee mind thy Ass, that's thy Business ; and remember this, That
what I do, I havedone, and {hall do, is no more then what is conformable

to the Laws of Chivalry, which lunderstand better then all the Kighrs-
Errant that ever were Y the World. Troth, Sir, quo Sazcho, 'tis no more
then ye deserve ; ' forin my Opinion, ye pay dear for your Knowledge. But
I pray Sir, givemeleave, Do your Laws conftrain us tolive and diein this
Mountain ? Patience alittle, good Sancho, reply'd Dorm Zuixore; for'wmow 1
think on't, I have something to do in this Mountain, that shall immortaltizemy

Name, eternize my Fame, and give mea Reputation above all the

Kyights-Errant that ever werer the World, or ever {hall be. - Well, but
what's the Danger we must run, quo Szncho ? for I would willingly know
before-hand, if I might. That's as it happ'ns, quo Doz Quixore,: for we
may perhaps meet with a Brush, or so ; but the main matter consists in thy
Diligence. In my Diligence | Heavins bless us, quo Saxcho. * Tis very
true, reply'd Don Yuixote ; for if thou return'ft with speed from the place
whitherIthigk to send thee, my Pain will be soon at an-end, and my
Glory will b@in— But why in such a brown Study, -man ? For thou art to
know, mostfaithful Squire, that Amadis de Gaul was one of the compleat-

_ © est Knight-Errants that ever were i the World ; nay, the very Chiet and

C Prince

LO SS weld WOE aw ZE” NOT Jo tl. 4," Y Vas IE 6 K+ RO 3-7 ET "OI 4 —
< wor 4 4 he I= 7; TF2 * WY ba ”Yþ « wer $557 Re By 26s. by £65 oo SEB; :- t » wh ve ” wo. « CR © ED '> \ 0 7
" 4 = ORTT 5 ye" AST q . d ES Sea » \ M
CY 07 EEE FA WIG '4S % "8 OR PP SEL Epps % « 4 Xa pee OEOR SIN

Fe —2, T "Tak. TT

d —_ | » % s © So $6,.1% >
2a aa þ- OT G9 OO Dre "0 COTS "PO" TO PTR RF Ry Fad bra WY

The. Life and A tebievements of Pa it 1

£ to render himself famous in his Art, to imitate the best Originals ; which
© ought: to be the: Rule. in all other Arts and Sciences, that serve for
«£ the Ornament of Cemmon-wealths. Thus Homer makes his Viysses a Pat-
© tern-of Wisdom and Patience ; and Virgil his Aneas a rare Example of fi-
<1lial Duty, and of a valiant Captain; representing ?em not what they were,

© but what it behovd'em to_ have been. In_ like manner was Amadis the .

« North-Star, andSun:of all Kizght:Errants, truly Couragious and Amo-
rous ; and for that Reason only, him alone ought all Kzight-Errants to
© imitate, that marchunder the Banner of Love and Chivalry. Now then
«I find, that among 'all other things that render Aadis so famous for
Wisdom and Valour, his Constancy and Love, his retiring to the Poor Rock,
© under the Title of the Lovely Obscure Oxe, was one of the chiefest : A Title
certainly most significant and agreeable tothelife which he intended to lead.
Andinregard it 15a Task far more eafie to imitate his Penance, then his
great Atchievements, in cleaving the Heads of monstrous Giants, stran-
gling Serpents, killing .Dragons, vanquishing whole Armies , disperling
Navies, and breaking. the force of Inchantments; I.am resfolv'd not to
© lose the offer of so: fair an Opportunity, in a Place so fit for my purpose.
But pray. Sir, all this while, What is your Design in this lonely Defart,
quo Sazcho? Haye I not told thee, reply'd Doz Quixote, that I intend here
toaCt Amadis in his Madness, Despair, and Fury ? And at the same time to
imitate the Dotages of the Valiant Oz/ando, when he found that Appelica,
the: Fair, had abandon'd him for the Love of Medor, which distrafted him
to that degree, that he tore up Trees by the Roots, damm'd up Fountains,

destroy'd whole Flocks, slew the Shepherds, sir'd their Hutts, stole their

Horses, and committed a hundred Eygeravagancies, worthy to be' recorded
in Fame's eternal Book? Not £240! end, however, to follow Roland,

or Orlaxd, or Roldan, for he went vas many Names as a Newgate Shop-lif? ;
but to make. choice: of the most Ele

ot Efential and Orthodox of all his Follies.
Nay, perhaps I shall only imitate Amadis,« whose Raving not being 1o destructive
and pernicious, but only consisting in Complaints and Lamentations,

gain'd him such a matchless Reputation. _
Tam apt to believe, reply'd Sazcho, That those Knights had some Reason
for what they did : But what induces you to play the fool? What Lady
has despisd -your Amours ? What Discoveries have you made of Dulcinea's
being false to ye, with either Moor or Christian ? T

Ylife, cry'd Doz Quixote, there's, my Point, therein consists the Curiosity

of my Business, for a Kpight-Errant to play the Mad-man without any Rea-
{on;; there's the Knot and Riddle of the matter, for a Man to run frantick
without a Cause; thereby to let his Lady see what he can do upon Occasion,
when he aQts so well, without any Constraint or Neceflity. - But I have
Reason sufficient, considering the long time I have been absent from the
matchless Dulcizea, through which Negle& of mine, I have finn'd most hei-
Rd against her Patience, according to the saying of the Shepherd 4m-

yosio ; _ | |

In my Absence losing Time,
Can ye think she is not grievd?
Ves, and tempted too, be sure,

Some other way go be reljew/d,

& a >.» - - F _
E ” ; Y © . - E
by + + a 7 | n

lh F > } x þ I q ad $15; 46) « 1 " * of gt
T's 6 . q ts. 8 hs p « PI EOS © t « 4.4 vup S Avia "_ 3p $: N Ai 2
b : ; a ? : x : #0: 4 Ds. * Ea Wo Noe 92), 0p
Fas ; # | : " $5 \ \ i

Ptince of :all rhe rest; Moreover,” tis the part of a Painter, that studies

A kl wa

Book Ill. The Renowned Don Quixore.

q we” 7

And therefore, Sancho, never sttive in vain to:divert-me from so rate, so
happy, and so extroardinary an Imitation. -I am mad, and will be mad, till
thou return't withan Answer to the Letter which thoummust carry to the

Lady Dalcinea ; and if 1 find that she deserves my- Constancy, my Frenzie |

will be over, and I wzll do Penante no longer; but it the flights. me, Iwill

run stark mad, tothe end, that if thou bring*st me bad News, Imay be altogether
insensible of it. But to the purpose, Sazcho, hast thou sav'd Mambrino's
Helmet ? 1saw thee take it up, afrer that ingratefal Rogue had done
his utmost endeayour to break it, which shews the most excellent Temper
of the Mettle. | Tt TBop. 1UORI DAS, :21H900
Before-George, your Follies, Sir Kpight of the Itt-favourd Countenance, afe
Not to be- endur*d, quo Saxcho; they are enough to makeany Man believe,
that what you brag of your Kight-Errantry, your winning bf Kingdoms
and Empires, and your bestowing of Islands upon your Squire, .are meer
Shams and Lyes. For who, 1 the Name of Be/zcbb, that should hear you
call a Barber's Bason Mambrino's Helmet, would not think you fit for the
Mad-house at Newington 2 I have the Bason Y my Wallet, which I intend to
carry home, and get mended for my own use, it ever God quits me of your
confounded Service. * to 11 rey”
Sancho, reply'd Don Quixote, would I might be (pox, if I think thete
ever was such a Cuckow-brains of a Squire 1 the World. How .is it possible

for a man tobe such a Logger-head, as not to have learnt in all this

time that thou hast been with me, that all the Altions and Adventures of
Kyights-Errant; seem to be Chimera's, Follies, and Impertinencies ; :not that
they are so indeed, but through the Malice and Wickedness of those danin*d
Inchanters, that make all things as they please themselves ; and” thus bewitch'd
by their Sorceries, thou tak'ft Mambrizo's Helmet for a Barber's
Bason, which to me' seems another thing : And that the Sorcerer does it
ont of Friendship to me. For Mambrizo's Helmet being a Jewel of such inestimable
value, I should never be at rest, but be always engag'd in Fights
and Combats, to defend it, were it once known to be 1 my Custody. Keep

it safe, Sixcho, for I have no need of it at present 3 rather I think to put.

of my Armour, and strip my self as naked as I came out of my Mother's
Womb, according as I shall find it most convenient, whether to imitate Ozlando
or Amadis. ES | EY [0 |
Concluding this Discourse, they came to the foot of a high Rock that
seem'd to stand by it self; from the descent of which, there loitly glided a
gentle stream that water?'d a Meadow which surrounded the Rock. The
Feshnes and verdure of the Grass, the number' of wild Trees, Plants, and
Flowers, thatcoverd the Rock, render'd this place so pleasant and delightful,
that the Knight of the IIL-favour'd Countenance made choice of it to shrift
himself, beginning his Penance in {uch a manner, as if he had utterly lost
his Wits. _ | a;
©Behold, O Heav'ns, said he, the place which I have made choice of, to
thewail therein'the miserable Condition to which you have reduc'd me.
© May my Tears augment the waters of this Rivuler, and my Sighs perpe-
£ually move the Leaves and Branches of these Trees, eternal Remem-
© brances to the World of the Pains and Torments which my Heart endures:
Ye tural Deities, whoever ye be, that inhabit these Desarts, hear the
«Plairits of an unfortunate Lover, whom a long Absence, and his owa fan-
tastical Jealousie has guided to these gloomy Shades to lament his ill For-
' ©tune, and deplore the cruel Rigour of that azgrateful fair Oe, who is the
© PerfeQtion, and Ne plus ultra of all 7 a Beauty. Yelovely You,

Tons

' » The Life and Atchievements of Part HB

© 3nd" Druids more contemplative, assist; my; Plaints, or at least list'n:to. my
'© Woes ; and may: the lascivious, boistrous Satyrs never interrupt your Rest.
©Oh,Dulcinea del-Toboso) thou Sun of my. Days,and Moon of my Nights; the
Glory of my Sufferings, North-star of my Travels, and Constellation that
'£oovern'ft my Fortune, pity, I conjure. thee,. the sag Condition, to which
my absence has reducd me; and may the Heay?ns' grant thee long and
© happy Days. Ye solitary Groves and: Shades, Companions of my Soli-
tudes, satisfie me-in the soft Language of your rustling Leaves,: and by
© the nodding of your Branches, that I am. welcome to, your verdant Har-
© bours. And thou my dear Squire, the faithful Companion of my; Adven-
© tures, mark attentively what I do, and be sure not to forget rhe smallest
' 4 Pun#ilio. And thou Rosinaxte, that hast all along so inleparably: and ad-
© vantagiously serv'd me ; thou that hast shard with. me in all my bad, and
© 500d Successes, pardon me for making choice of this Solitude; and beheve
me, tis not without weeping Eyes, that thou and I must part. Ando
saying , he alighted, whipp'd off his Bridle and Saddle, and giving the
Horle a clap o the Buttocks, go Rosizante, said he, he gives thee thy Li-
berty, that has lost his own. Go Horse, no less famous for thy Attions,
then miserable for thy bad luck; yet shalt thou never. be fold to thy
{-* worth. Fam'd Beast! with whom neither 4folpho's Hypoeryphon, nor
Frontin, Brandimort's Delight, nor the winged Pegasus himself could. ere
compare for mettle and swiftness of heels. - =
Curst be the villain Thief, cry'd Sazcho, curst with Bell, Book, and Can-
dle; that freed me from the trouble of unpannelling my Ass too; he shonld
not have wanted a Harangue in his praise, perhaps as good as this... Poor
Creatureof. God's making ! he was never troubPd with these Follies of
Lovers and Mad-men, no more then his Master, that was my;self,; to long
as Heav'n pleasd. © But d' ye here me, now I think on't, Sir Kp:ight of the
Ti-faudur'd Conntenance,it your frantick Pranks and my Journy be resoly d on,
there will be a necessity of saddling Rosinante again, especially if your business
require hatte ; for truth to tell ye, I am no good Foot.man. Do as
thou think'| fit, for that, Sancho, reply'd Dox Quixote ; for T intend; thou
shaltfet forward ' about three days hence. In the mean time thou. shalt stay
and be witness". of what I do for my Lady's fake ; to the'end thou mayst
be able to give hcr a true and perfeQ Account of every Particular.., Heav'ns
bless my Eye fight, quo S:xcho, why, is it possible for me to see more then
I have done ? Thou err still wide of the Mark, reply'd Don Qaixate, thou
{shalt see me put off my Armour, tear my Clothes, knock my Head against
the Rocks, and play a thousand more antick Tricks, whichall rhe Fack-Puddings
1n Lozdon could never shew thee. For the love of God, Sir, take
heed how : ye quarrel with these Rocks, you may chance to give-your Scull
such a crack the first Encounter, as may spoil an excellent Mad-man, and a
good Penitent both at one stroke. Therefore I would advise ye, if-your
business, which is all but a feign'd Ceremony, cannot otherwise be accomplish'd,
without these scurvy Cats-leaps, to praftise, your. Imitations upon
the Water, or ina Hay-rick ; and let me alone to swear to Madam Dulcinea,
that you plaid your Christmas-gambols upon hard pointed Rocks, as {barp as
the.end of your Spear. : = ED
Tthank thee, honest Saxcho, for thy good Will, reply'd Doz Zrixote ; but
thou art mistak'n to think Iam in jest: These things must be all done seriously
and. solemnly, otherwise I should a& against the Laws of Chiyalry, with
abominate Falshood, and mental Reseryation. ons

v4 ; "AY
Oe P -

DEE Th

J F d ' F © ._ : 4
MY we ; » Pe” « 3 4 " f 6 . bv. 2 wt. > o 214 , <<, eq Th - F. I. wo Y C : , +0 "I pe 4 | ds oy a5. y
—— = ———_— OY anti . FR _—.____ "YES ” b; G . kv 4 Been - _ g nt J ”
{ ” we. , < . , 4 " 4 me LACY. | Se Hh - —_
X y + L2 F
Book III. | JulXOTE
book III, The Renowned DoxN (2utxomTeE: 21
Fe G2. \ | \. aa

*/ + 2k LL Bhs AG ee + a 5% Rae oc,

Sos, quo he, tet me be roalted, if I. do.not long, till my Rettirn has freed. ye

vue "of this Purgatory,, where I must, be forcd to leave ye. Purgatory,

At the end of the threedays Sanchoput him in mind, .that, his time was
Sd; and therefore defird him to write his Letter, and lex, hj be gone

doft call it, quo Day Zuixote! call ic Hell, Tophet,, Gehenne 3: 9h 5hou
tanst think of any thing else i” the Universe thar is warse,. or more terible.
What can'be worse, quo Sazcho, for they lay, that in .Hell.zhere, i. no
Retention. Retention ! quo Don 2Yuxote, what: dost, thou mea} by that
cramp word ? 'Why,' Rerextion, answer'd: Saxcbo, .is as much. as t0.say,/Fhat
they who-afe once in Hell, never come, out again: which shall not. be
Your hard fate this bout, if I can stir my Heels to,quick'n, Rescnante;; And
for Madam Dulcinea, when I come to be; admitted 1nto her presenge,,,Lwill
rel her fuc wonderful and dreadful Stories of your. Madness, ;angd-Extravagancies,
that I will make heras supple as a Glove, .tho.she.. had a Heart
of.Oak, And when I haye drawn from her an Answer as fweert: as. Metheglin,
away will I come flying through the Air, ,as {wift:as a Witch, up-
on.a Broom-stick, 'to relieve ye out of, your Purgatory :. for I will, have it
Purgatory, and not Hell, . because there is some hopes you may, return to
yonr Senses again, Let it be fothen, said Doz Quixote ; but how. shall-we
do to write this Letter, for I have neither Paper nor Ink, .unless we should
Write upon the Leaves of the Trees, as they: did in former times. But now
I think on't, I have Card-nio's Table-book, which will help us ;out at-a-dead
Tifr; and then thon shalt get the Letrerfairly transcribd at the first Village,
where thou canst meet with a Schoolmaster that, can write true;Qrthopraphy.
Or, for want of a Schoolmaster, get the Clark-of che Partsh £0.do.it;
bur be sure thou never troublt a Lawyer, for the-Deyil himself will never
be able to read Court-hand ; more especially beware, of pne that.writes
Sermons.; for I hate Short-hand mortally. But how. shall 1 do for a:$eal,
reply'd Sancho? Abrals Farthing will serve, answerd Dox Qrixote;; tho I
do not remember that ever A-adis made use cf any Seal. But the Bill of
Exchange must be sign'd, or else they will say 'tis counterfeit, and so; we
shalllofs our Asses. The Bill shall be written in che Table-book, with. my
Sign Manual ; and when my Neece sees my Hand, sbe'l never feruple the
delivery of the Aﬀses. And as for the Love-letter, do thou get it thus underwritten;
Tours till Death, the. Knight of the Ill-favourd Conntenance.
Tis no matter for. the Letter and the Subscription to be all of one. Fiand ;
for as I remember, Dulcinea can neither write nor read, nor did she ever
see any of my Writing in her Life. For our Amours have always been

meerly Platonick ; and tho [| may. safely swear, that for above these twelve

Years she has been dearer to me then my life, yet I never saw her but four
times; andI question whether 'she her {clf took notice thar ever I look'd
upon her, so stri&t a watch did old Richard Hogg of Stanvel, her Father,
and Joan Hogg her Mother, keep over her. = |

Cuds-bobs, cry'd Sancho, and is Dulcinea del Toboso the Daughter of Dick
Hopg of Stanvel, otherwise Nan Hogg ? Uds-fish, I know her as well as
her Mother that bore her ; she's a Strapper y faith, and pitches the Bar
with ere a young Fellow i the Village. The very same, quo Doz Quixote,
that's she, and she that deserves to be Mistress of the whole Earth. Is
that she, quo Sancho! she's a Bouncer, Begar-law; and one that will keep
her Chin our o* the Mire, 1 warrant her, in despite of & best Kyxigbt Errant
that wears a Head, Long Megg of Westminster was a Dwart to. her,
One day I remember, she stood upon the top of our Steeple to call che

Plough-men home to dinner, that were at work above half a League off.

Ty yet

RT. HOT > -
EY Ss = ON wo ke 2 . A © X CZE

i, Re FL-2

\ WIT ITO OY OL 0%
uk by 5 wo {Vw <\ s ol þ
—__————m———_—d—o——_ ' mote

The Life and Atchievements of "Patt L

yet thicy heard heras plain, as if they had been, just uhder the Sun-dial;
The best thing I Know in her, is, That she is ,not Coy , but will bid ye
kiss the top of her Nock as briskly as &te a'Coggshall Wenich that goes to
Market ; there's he're a Water-man . upon the Thames caii out-rally' her.
In 'good'truth, 'Sir Knight of the 1l-favour d Countenance, you' may venture
as 'many.Cat-leaps as you please ; you may run mad, you may hang your self

for herfake, there's. no body but will say y* are a happy Man, tho the Devil-himself

should be so kind as to carry ye away a pick-pack. - Nan Hogg!

go0d-God ! how*TI broil to see' the Tom-boy ! for I have not seen her this
many'a day, Surely she must be strangely alter'd by this time,, for the Sun,

and the Weather, and continual working 1 the Fields, are wicked Enemies
to female Beauty. How strangely have I liv'd in Ignorance all this while !
In good faith, Sir Dox 2uixote, Idurst ha? sworn this Madam Dulcinea had
beet some great Princess, or sore Lady of og Quality, that was still-to
be presented with the' Spoils of your Conquelits, the Bi{cazzey, the rescu'd
Slaves, and all the Trophies of your future ViCtories. By my troth, I
cannot chuse but laugh to think, if the Biscayner or the Slaves had been suck
Fools to have gone, and found Madam Fust3-luggs peeling 0. Hemp, or
threshing 1 the Barn, what a pretty sight it would ha' been to ha* seen *em
throw themselves: at the Feet of Madam Dowdy-Rampart, 1n a single [short
Petticoat, shewing her darn'd Hose , and patch'd Slip shoes ? Certainly
they wou'd ha? thought the Devil had ow'd 'em a Shame ; nor could Madam
Brawny-Arms have lookt upon it otherwise then an Abuse. ;
I have oft'n times told thee, Sazcho, that thy long Tongue wants clipping;
andthat tho thou art a Coxcomb and a Dunce, yer now and: then
thy Framps bite too close. And toshew thee, that my Discretion exceeds
thy Folly, I must tell thee in the first place, that I mind little what thou
say'fst; in the second place, Itell thee again,that as to the use which I make
of the Lady Dulcizea, she surpasses all the Princesses in the World, according
to the Proverb ; for, Joan's as good as my Lady? thedark. Prethee tell me,
dost think the Ph1lis's, the Sitvia's, the Dians's, the Amarantha's, that appear
in so many Poems and Sonnets, and upon so many Stages, were Creatures
made of Flesh and Blood, or the real Miftresfles of those that sung
their Excomium's? No, no, never think it. For let all your Rimers bring
a Scandalum Poetarum against -me if they dare; I say they were meerly
Imaginations of the Poets for a Ground-work, upon which to exercise their
Wits. Tis sufficient for me, that Van Hogg is fair and chast ; as for her
Birth and Parentage, I value ?ern' not of Two-pence; and without troubling
my self to examine her Pedegree any farther, I am satisfy*d chat she is a
great Princess. For, . S$azcho, Pox take thee, thou art to know, that the
Vertues which chiefly oblige us to love a Woman, are Snout-fairness and

Wisdom, with both of -which D#/cizea is endow'd to the height of Per-
tection, as being, without all Dispute, the most snont-fair and prudent Female

in the World All the Helena's and Lucretia's, all the Heroesses of former
Apes, Greeks, Romans, Or Barbarians, were hot worthy to be herKitchen-maids
and let 'em say what they will, if. Fools contradi& me, I am
lure men of Sense, if they have but try*d her once, will be o' my side. Sir,
quo Saxcho, you speak reason in every thing, and Iam the Ass; the Devil
take me for speakyng that word ; for'tis ill talking of Halters i the House
of a Man that ' 1ang'd. But where's the Letter all. this while, for I
long to be going. With that, Dox &2ixote pulld out the Table-book, and
retiring a little aside, in a short time finish'd his Epistle. Which having
done, hecalld Saxcho to him, and order'd him to lift? while he read it over

ov +a.

—T : - . © ++ » & 4 *h'- v "I

TELL oe OB a TIESS Sto rang ce? age 17 "Ae -
id L »Y F
ns » C I - - ; d & 46-5 by - .

to him for, quo he, 'tis a thousand pound to a Farthing' if thon dost Tot .
fall a drinkinF by the way; and lose the Table-book, therefore would:
have thee carry it-as well Y thy Memory, as i thy Pocket ; for I think ao:
body 1o sottish' as to pick thy Brains. Pray Sir, quo Saxcho,. tear the: *
Table-book, and-gi me two or three Copies; for to think I can learn it
by heart, is .a Madness, especially seeing my Memory -is so bad; that
sometimes I forget my own Name. However, you may read the Letter ifyou
please, . that I may understand how to write to a Mistress o'my own,
should I have occasion. Well then, quo Dow &uixote, be uncoverd and

lifPn.
The L E TTE R.

E that is stabb'd tothe quick with the Poignard' of Absence, and wounded to
I the Heart with the Darts of his own Guilt, sends thee that Health, which
he wants himself. If thy Beauty disdain me ; if thy Vertue refuse my AﬀeGion ;
if thou. refolv dst to bubble me, mangre all your Shams, and your Canting ; as Iam
your Martyr, I have Patience enough to pocket np all your Disdains. As to what
remains, ingrateful fair One, and beloved Enemy of my Repose, .my. faithful
Squire will give thee an Account of what I suffer for thy sake. If thou pity [t
me, I am thine; if not, take thy own Course, and set up for a rich Widow, while
T end my Day: in Sorrow to satisfie thy Cruelty, and my own Fancy. i

Yours till Death,
The Knight of the Ill favour d Countenance,

By all the Sins that ever I committed, quo Sazcho,. let me die if ever I
read such a matchless Piece in all the Mysteries of Love and Eloquence, Academies
of Complements, or Cupid's Cabinets that ever came: bierh: By the
Maiden-head o' my Sister, I believe you are able to say or write what you
please your self. For certainly never human Wit brought in so neatly by
Head and Shoulders, yours till death, the Kpight of the Ill-favour d Countenance.
A Man of my Profession; reply'd Doz Quixote, mult 'understand all things:
Pray, Sir, then quo.Saxcho, write the Bill of Exchange for the three Asses, -
and write your Subscription plain, that it may be known to be your hand.
W hich the frantick Champion did, and then read it in this Form.

Niece: wan atintk <7 DOE oaths”, .
Ray pay, upon sight of this my first Bill, three Asses of the five, which T have
at home, to Sancho my trusty Squire, for the Value receiv'd of him here:
And for your so doing, This, together with his Acquittence, shall be your Discharge.
Given in the very Bowels of the Black Mountain, the 26th. of Auguit,

Tis very well, quo Saxcho, there wants only your Subscription. There
needs no Subscription, answer'd Do» 2uzxofe ; yet Tle set my Mark, if thou
wilt, and that's sufficient for three Asses. Well, Sir, quo Saxcho, I rely upon
your Worships Honesty, and so give me your Blessing, for I intend to be
gone presently, without troubling my self to' see any more of your Fopdoodleries
for Tam so sure of your periormance, that 1 dare {wear to more.
then will serve your turn. TT: | Fc

. '%; "Jp" K) 7 =
patter _

A | pn ” , 5 n " % . : £ c k
ky A ” & »% ' of . < 1 / #13 * . *
$ : F / . p P; s "4 v7 o bo
. 4 ef . Y e 7% . ky f =—_ F ; & :
Y " F . * bx OE SIE "EFT OY oh ? 4
. £ R . ” : «alan Y . k - 37 1 Fae Wes HAD "A EE vs ad F LS A 1 LN ERIARY
q | > al % FRONT ds, gala bie TI Ateanu SF If MY 4: 6 ws Wh *: 0 p Law LS. > | % (*IrS LS _ 4 a mu 7 ”a . *. ws
— VS LS, 4 —_— —_— o | -
a n 1 - , wu \ 4 aa »
j 7 X 4 E " 0k" 8 Bo LE 54
? 4 « p op ” . n 9 = oy , p we \ 1 EK: a a by >
\ S : , 4 * : x. 4 . + #5 ; :
bo mo _— 2 J - 3 z" C34 *. «1% p d : "

nN 3 1 1 , I "Tp - yr % , L

. : - 4 : . V x
of w'Y my _ "0 _ 3

OI TIE. Y

Howevet, cry'd Dos Quixote, prethiee stay and-see. me stark naked before
thou got ; for I would tain have thee see me dance a matreyFof twenty or
thirty zew Borees A-la-mode du Bedlam, that thou mayst be able to swear with”
am unspotted\ Conscience ; they'l be done in a trice; as for Example—
Hold-— hold — Sir, for the Love of God, let me not- see ye naked for fear
of turning my Stomach, which is very queasie at this time. | But if L must
see-any more of your Gambols, Sir, perform 'em 1 your Clothes, and do
what ye do briefly, and no more then what is absolutely. material ; for the
sooner] go, . the sooner I shalÞ return. And now gr .me leave to tell ye, I
love ye so well, that if Madam D#/cizea does not satisfie my ExpeQations, Ile
foot-ball her Guts till she spew up Answers according to my mind. For
is not tobeendur'd, that a Knight of your Quality should suffer thus, without
Rime or Reason, for such a Tinker's Trall as she— That's-the best Itcan
say, but I shall tell her a piece more o'my Mind, if I find her aQting the

fiperous Minx i my Company, Why, how now, Sancho, quo Don Yujxore,
t think thou art grown as mad as my self.. Not so mad neither, quo Sazcho,
but in a damn'd pelting Chase, as I think I have reason : But ter that

ass. And now Tthink ont, how will ye do for Victuals when 1 am gone ?.
ere are no. Monsieur Lockers, nor Monsieur Choquee's 1 this Mountain :
dye intend to rob the Goar-herds of their Bread and Cheese as Cardenio
did? DL? Long v go"
Never let that trouble thy unmannerly Brain, qua Do» Quixote, for tho

I liv*d next door to the two Blew Balls, I would feed upon nothing but the
Herbs of the Field; for the Curiosity of my Business lies in half starving my
self, and such like austere Pradices of Piety. There 1s another thing too, quo
Sancho, Tam very much afraid of, and that is, ,Jhat I shall never be able to
find the way to this Place, 'tis such a By-hole. Take good notice of it beforchand,”
quo Don: Leixote ; for I do not intend to budge from hence, till
return ; beside that, I intend sometimes to stand Sentinel upon the top
yonder Rockto observerhy coming. But *tis good to be sure; and therefore
thy best way will be to cut down a'good number of Boughs, andftrew
tm in the way, as thou rid'st along, which willbe like the old Clue in WoodfockBower,
to guide thee to. thy Rosimand, thy loving Master, again. A
Serjeant's Fee well fav'd, quo Saxcho3 and so receiving his Master's Bleffine,
after a Deluge of Tears 'Thed on both sides, he mounted Rosinante ; at
what time, 'Friend'S4ycho, 'quo Don Zaixote, Trecommend to thy care the
best Nag ! the World; prethee be as 'tender of him as the Apple of thy
Eye. Never doubt it, quo S$azcho, and so taking his leave once more, he set
forward, cutting down and ftrowing several Boughs as he rid, according
toadvice. But he was scarce out; of fight, when he -return'd again the
fame way he came ; and being vaskid by his Master, what he would have ?
Sir, said he, Thaveconfider'd of your Counsel, and like.it wondrous well ;
atid therefore that I may swear with a safe Conscience, T1-desire to see some
three or four more of, your raving Connndrums before I go. Why did TInot
tell thee so, quo Dox Quixote, and therefore stay bur while a Man that's in
Haste may maendle over his Creed; and Tie shew thee half a dozen ; and
with that, slipping off his Breeches naked to the waste, he gave two Frisks

T the Air, andfalling upon the Paums of his hands, ferch'd his heels-over
his head, likea/Tu ; four times one after another, discovering fsiich a
Nest of Deformity, that Sz»choiasham?d' to behold it, turn'd his Horse's head,
oe trnnhnnn 2mm satisfy'd that — {wear, without Forfeiture of his.
Ears, his Master was mad. And so we leave hima while to-finish his Jonrney,
till he return; which will not be long. S $

Wits : CHAP,

se: YO Py
Rod Lahti, ESL IH is . RT, I by
y « OE ES 1 eu er bi 7 KY ad uh: 4 \ Po HERE NES $4 Ro BD by :
FR) Set Re RE TE ns oo ho pou YR PRES IL 09 6" NC D T : f i
A) ang RE ple + AI Be 27 3 ef * PEAS * Er R- cit 35 MN M3 os 4d 58 2» 4 HEE op SCRE £odirk hb i :# : « % 8 Pos 2. Bs. ; bones * 4
"4" \ WO PIE tt EG A nes en M8 as ORE de TOES to IDNR rt» 7 of > OT, WO IN ONES? Ef Ms
$4 or ; , . F 3 SR $4 Fay So RD 3-4 FO. PAGE OY ILY pa, Rr ce tet SAL AN a So RS 0
or EA, F ( : «IIS. sf & A $4 9 Nr (ok pane” 047 be dn Ro CES od at LOR”. NOT S” + EY 5338! =. M0 TY SIN 3 EN LY:
a6 ed p ' ; . a: 655 oh WI HOES I! and. 2 LO EST 2 ety Pat 46 Wa A k 5 ID 6 aero ab 8.3 dy 21h. 6 BIS CON Sat, Mts ICY 2D F 3 hy OR ..
LOC Fe 12 $3 4 Z K SW I 4 A id EI ve... Ee OE ITE Ln $1 I NP 7 Ds > 2027 FOILED £8 PR + 4 WG-7 Os SN 59" : ;
J p : : WRAY *+8 oY wo 3, oe ae ward KO eee > Sr TTY LD OL SPE a | V
' 4 » CLF 4 IC ” "x; 7 4 Au IG) Mug” & O50 jo XN. ON GR eps c Tl OO W442. Is; #5; bs. P a. $8 WS 4 »
* \ <4 uo? nl IKE: : 24088. 3 Sg .- LIL d 20 | ao Ie ge £5
b* : : d Th 5s + 55 Y PII 8 We; 4 5
« » - 4 2%. ** 380 i a ft bo EI Tak WY RAN OS > 50% 5
8c; CPF a + OS Trim vob} 7 © 5 IE IL 2 MN" £7 wy 8" : WY i Ma. 3 x F Ke »
<3 . > WEE - F F i -65-h Ps HE3 "I SZ, $a J <u "y - G ,
A» 34 . FT, ———_— "ov . * , ” £8JST POT x Yu WL * 16 5.
L ei» ” -
LAI Fee tend. 2. 0

i. pY Y., -/FRN

tug av tee . X 28 ” #

i -Þ __ * — OT * ES?
Oo I E |

a hs. . w $ i» * Ss s a

b s« «+ a

TY Story saies, That as soon as the Krizht of the Ill-favour'd Counte-
nance saw himself alone, after he had accomplish all his frisking
and tumbling Ceremonies, he ascended to the top of a high Rock, and
there began to consider with himself what Resotution to le in a knotty
Business, that very much perplex'd his Mind, whether he were best to
imitate Orlaxydo in his her” or Amadis 1n his Melancholly Extravagances:
To which purpose, discoursing with himself, If that 0Orlazdo, said he, was {6
© brave and valiant a Knight, asthey say he was, I do not much wonder, in re-
© oard he was inchanted, so that he could not be slain but by a Pin thrust
through the bottom of his Foot, upon which he always wore Shoes that
had sixteen Soles a piece; yet that all this stood him in no stead when he
met with Bernardo del Carpio, who understanding his Inchantment, stifld
©him to death in his Arms in the Vale of the Red Horse. But setting aside
© his Valour, let us examine his madness ; for that he was frantick,is beyond
.. <all dispute; and fell mad upon the News which the Shepherd brought him
<of the fair Angelica's being debauch'd by Medor the Moor, with the curled

Locks and Agramant's Page. Now if he were satisfy'd, that his Lady had
pick'd up a Stone with her Ear, no wonder he should run mad. But how
© shall I be able exaQly to imitate him in his Frenzy, not having the same
© Cause. For I dare take my Oath before all the Masters in Chazcery r the
World, that Dulcinea del Toboso never saw the Moor, since her Mother first
© wip'd her Tail. So that I should do her a great Injury to turn stark fta-
ring mad like Or7/az49, On the other side, I find that Amadis got as much
© Reputation for being a Lover, as he, tho he never lost his Wits, and
© rav*d like a meer Bed/am,, as he did. Forwhich he had no other Reason,
as the Story relates, but becatise the fair Orians defpisd him, bidding him
get out of her Chamber, and come when she sent for him. And this was
© the true and only Reason why he rettr'd to the Poor Rock with the Her-
mite, where he snivell'd, and whin'd, and cry'd, and filld a whole Tun
of Heidelbergh with his Tears ; till Heav'n at lcngth took pity of him, and
sent him Relief in the height of his Affliction, and in the Severity of his
Penance. Which being true, as Iknowit 15, why should I trouble my self
to tear the Clothes off my back, toquarrel with Trees, and dam up Foun-
© tains that never did me any harm. Then long live the Memory of Awad,
© let him be the Pattern for Doz Zuzixote of the Mancha to imitate; and let
it be said of him, as was said of the other, That if he did not perform
such great Atchievements, yet his Heart was good; and tho Du/cizea did
© not bid him be gone, yet he went away of himself. Therefore tura out
© Boys; all Hands aloft, and may the noble Attions of 4maais inspire me to
find out the true way to follow his Example. This said, he cal|d to mind
that Amadis spent most of his time in Prayer ; to which purpose he made
him a Rosary of Acorns, instead of Beads : But he was extremely troubPd
for. want of: a: Hermite to hear his Confession, and give him Absolution,
However, he divertis'd himself with walking up and down the Meadow,
and writing his Contemplations sometimes! the Dust, sometimes upon the.

Barks of Trees, 'atl compos'd in Meet, and accommodated to the RTE

r $. BSE R $A OO ah 20
S #- Att _ Ine 2 2M BC oe LIST AL on LE OY io 2 CT, MR BFg) nos ot no; A et BESR $8 IR 0
Uh 166 01 3 Re EA AN ro vl BR gn BR E350 ES Ts. > aus EI Wot Oy lbs Denon 25 F Wo WF TS RS Wo , . C "* AG "x 4 , Ja he
TRE” ES I OI S } COND ns i, A. L Bs $I ts 7G IS RS b Wy i os CEN LE OT 367 G f <P os FE OL
s, «dc 3} A br IO Ee Ke 7, n MY KO AA of FO WS 725 bow 0 © TN w% REO DIS os Og LAS $ L 3% ages...
Oo DI det IDS Ig EO Op a ; ns OE ; 2 4 REIER
s > J OBO LR et AB Rb 3 . "a ( LY « Ll am hv»
& 7 % "IS © 0 AY ON ls 2 * » : ys , = 7 $a
; "> 4 4 3E- we 7% 59 - "_ 3% , % LI 6 % P "y es WY _
$47 4 BIB. ne

V E spreading Shades of lofty Trees,

So fair and lovely to the Sight ;
And you more humble Plants , for Man
And Beast, both Pasture and Delight ;

If my Complaints may Pity move,

Let your Attention my Complaints approve.

Alas !— I aye;
And there's good Reason too ; for why?
1 am in love up to the Ears;
Turn'd Fool, y Faith, i my old Tears.
Hear then, O hear, a wretched Kpight,
That moans and groans both Day and Night.
Tpule and blubbler, cry and whine,
d all for want of my Dulcin- +
a del Toboso.

Love'burns me like a Glass-house Fire,
As if my Flames did all conspire
To melt my Armour from my Back.
Yet lying thus upon the Rack,
Ask me the reason of my Woe,
The Devil take me, if I know.
Only I swagger, smear, and rave,
Then Bedlam-like, shew all T have ,
And make a Noise, like any Swine,
For fear they steal away Dulcina

del Toboso.

KR night-Errants formerly could find
Adventures fitted to their mind,
In every Bush and hollow Tree :
The Devil a one can Þ hear see.
But stead of Dragons and huge Snakes,
T meet with ozly Briers and Brakes.
1 must confess, for some Variety,
That little Whipster of a Deity,
He that, for Love, makes Mei to barn,
Encounters me at every turn ;

Which makes me bellow, bleat, and mhine,
For fear they steal my dear Dulcina

del Tobosd.

This was the Employment of our Amorous K xizht in this fame mountain-

' 0us Defart ; who forgot not also to call uponthe Fawns 2nd Silvans of those
Groves, the Nymphs of the Rivers, and the mournful Echo, with great Importunity
umploring their Attention, Condolement, and Afistance. And

when

at FE »* We MB" : b
<» - Wo $1 L "SAC GN, = 2 3s WF
o '; < mow Ke 4 1 2, * oF oe \ £ CAREY
: 7 FT Y0"s + oa et ea! n 7 Hs, et eas. CN
+5 4 > if Ay $6 oe Ph ey 1 * WO MA
, \ IE A A Ltd Lg a a ET
OR EI Mt GET >
- £ SLEEVES op bal 's [7
"00". 4*-: COT : Ly hat we}
t 1 CT We

kde dad ht...
Oi.

Book III. The Renowned Don QuTxoTE.

when his Devotions were over, his Stomach would set him.at work to pick
Sallets for the support of Nature. Which sort of Horse Diet, withour Bread,
or Oil and Vinegar, reduc'd him to such a meager- Condition, . that had
Sancha staid three Weeks, as he tarry'd but three Days, his Mother that
bore him, would never have known the Child of her own Womb, '

Letus therefore leave our Hero to his Sobbs, and his Sighs, his Dumps
and his Meditations, and see how Sancho behay'd himself id his'Embasly,
Who getting clear of the Mountain, took the 'diret Road to Tobofo, and
the next day about noon arrivd near the Inn where he had been told 7the
Blanket. He no sooner delscry'd it, but a sudden shiveriiig feiz'd his Bones, and
he fancyd himself tobe again at Leap-frog i the Air 3 so that he had a good
mind to have rode farther before he drew bit, tho it were Dinner-time,
and the poor Squire had eat'n nothing of a long time: * Biit necessity constraining,

he advancto the Inn-Gate, where, while he fate musing whether

he should enter or no, -two men came forth, and believing they knew
him, cry'd one to t'other, Is not that Szxcho Pancha, whom the Governess
told us the Kzight had inveigld along with him to be his Squire? "Tis the
fame, answerd the Curate ; and more then that, he rides Don Quixote's
Horse. These two happend to be the Curate and the. Barber, that pon

a severe Examination, had pass'd that dreadful Sentence upon the Books.

Thereupon being confirm'd they were i? the right, they call'd him'by his
Name, and ask'd him where he had left Do» Quixote? Sancho, who knew
em full well, - being loath to discover his Master's Condition ;- Gentlemen,
{aid he, my Master is very deeply engagd in a Business of great Importance,
which I dare not discover for my life. No, no, Friend Sancho, reply'd the
Barber, we must not part wi? ye so, unless you tell us where you. have left

our Master ; otherwise we shall believe you have murder'd him, and robb'd
Fin of his Horse. In short, either tellus where your Master is, or resolve
to goto Newgate, Gentlemen, Gentlemen, reply'd Saxiho, there's no need
of so many Threats, I am no Murderer, nor Robber, but a Christian, thar
leaves every one to fall by his own Destiny, .or by the Harids of God that
made him. As for my Master, he is doing the molt pleasant Penance 7
the World at the foot of yonder Mountain ; and so saying, .he told *em the
whole Story from the beginning to the end ; and how, he was going with

a Letter to Madam Dulcinea of Toboso alias Nan Hogg, with whom his Master
was most desperately falln in'love. Thereupon the Curate and the Barber
delir'd to see the Letter : To whom Saxcho made Answer, That it was
written ina Table-book, but rhat his Master had order'd him to get it tran-
{cribd, upon Guilt-paper, at the next Village he carne at. Whereupon the
Curate promising to write it otit in a fair CharaQter, ' Sanchq put his hand
in; hs Pocket to.give the Curate the Table-book, but found tie had either
test it behind him, or else that Doz Quixote had forgot to give, it him,
This fatal Accident put Saxchv into a cold Sweat,and made him Took as pale,
as if he had been newly pump'd in an Inns-a*-Court. 'He turn'd his Pockets

th'inside ovtward, search'd all his Clothes,but seeing there was no hopes,he

> hope
rent his Beard from his Chin. ; and- to punish: his orgeful Scull, be-fisted
his, Blubber-Cheks, till cheBlogd spun' from his Nose.” The Curare and
he Barber b holding him in sich'a Passion, yer laughing 7 their Sleeves
ask'd him, Why he so severely chastizd'himself? Alas! reply'd Saxcho, I
ha? lost at ons gime_no less then three Aﬀes, of which "the least was as
big as a Castle, How so, quo the Barber? Why Ihavelost the Table-book,

reply d Sancho, wherein was, written the Letter to Madam Dulcinea, anda
Bill of Exchange, signd with my Master's own Hand, for tliree Alles of

five

ex, - Is vl JI
Fl). 1 OR 20 4 >. 0
a *% bv J 1.5 HP

% a p : q : wy S. Fo
7 Wh RY = J'F-£ 06; 2 my 0.08, OG S
4" \ IP 7 » ods F: 1
ON OTE [es ,
L.% = * w* 02 _ }

I % rr hoy-wa + RS Ade, «2.5. as

Thy The Lie and Achieves of Pace

os. Ms ” ”

five he 'has at home.; telling 'em withal, how unfortunately he had "(oft |

his own., But the. Curate cheerd him up, assuring him, that he would

give him another Bill in Paper, more authentick then that which was written

in the Table-book, which was not in'due form. Nay then, quo Saxcho;
I care nota Straw forthe loss of Dulcinea's Letter, for 1 can say'it' almo
by, heart, and the Curate might transcribe it when he'pleagd. Let's
hear it then, quo the Barber. Thereupon Sa»cho beginning to study for the
Words, fell a scratching his Noddle, stood first upon one Foot, then 'upon
another, gapd upon the Skies, skow1'd upon the Ground ; laid one
Hand upon his Eyes, and bit his Nails of the other : Bur at length despairing
to recover what he scratch'd for, Ile -be hang'd, quo. he, it the Devil
hant a Hand, i' this Plot ; for o' my Soul, Mr. Curate, I can retnember nothing
of. this confounded Letter, but only that there was at the beginnin
High-and Subterrane Lady, Soveraign Lady, you would say, quo theBarber,
not Subterrane. Ay, Ay, y are the right, Mr. Barber, quo S2zcho; but
stay, Ithink-there was this toothat follow'd.;. He that lies awake for wart of
Sleep, . and wounded by your A /Nnjh, kisses your Ladiship's Hands, most ungrateful
and disdainful fair One. Something also he mention'd concerning Health
and Sickness, which he wish'd ber 3 and thus rambling on Aa good while, he
concluded with, Tours til Death, Wn Co
Gs whe: wht. - The Kpight of the Ill-fawvour'd Countenance.

him. r6. one of the Eimprefies Maids of Honour,, Heiress to a large Earidom
upon the Continent, vr that he' was weary of Islands. | All which beitis

Nose, and Trokin

leeing 1
of mts

long L

CA Er, 10 regard it-was no mpr
AP ins 13i»til .'4 3648197 wt C47 - |
but xliat in tume by his Prowe

ee,34) 4 ui 03715 ; *:'f,}i iO CITT 3 CG:

Therefore they exhorted him' to pray for the

5 he might either become an. impetor,' or
HS | "7 "IWEES 551 WY otillidi DYJIIIDQT J

How:!:an Arch:byshop, quo .Saxcho.! Pray, Gentl
da FA DIbopErtaprs bestow upon their Squires ?. W
g00d Benchice or Chaplain fl iP;

FOns,, wo theyr Vexgers, whit
th 'H $40 133. f. w 7 .

16 LAQHQUT Ol. WEATIND. 2
Ob, b benweel |
Mayo and 4 a

4 , mM : gal |; mM ' -
if.my Vaside Tho

me , if my Mast Thould
Heatt at rest, Fris d Sancho, quo the Barbe

a—_——— vl DD. t. __— —— FP

Book HI. The Renowned Don Quixors:.

At.

the Crate shall enjoyn him' under the Penalty 'of Damnation, rather to be

an Emperor then an Arch-bishop : Which will be much better for him, in

regard he is more valiant then learned. Iam of your Opinion, quo Saxcho,
tho for my part, I believe he is as well fitted for the one as the other. 'However,
the Burthen'of my Prayers shall be,to pray to:God to' grant himwhar
shall be most proper for him, and what may best enable: him to gratifie his

Squire. You speak like 1 wile Man, and a good Chiistiah, QUO the Curate.

But that which we have to do at present, 1s only to. retrieve thy Master
from that unprofitable Penance he has undertak'n/; aid therefore. let's first
go to Dinner, and take a little'tume' tor Consideration. + Gentlemen, quo
Sancho, you may dine at leisure, 'but Tam in haste, and therefore pray send
me out a little Vittuals tocat- of Horse-back ; ; for I have a particulat Reason
why I cannot alight, which Ple tell ye another time. + Soon after the
Barber brought him his Dinner, and returning-to the: Curate, after they

had consulted together, quo the Cxrare to the Barber, I have thought of an

Expedient, which is this : I will disguise my self .in the Habit of a Lady-

Errant, and you shall equip-your self after Juch a.manner, that you may

follow me as my Squire. In rhis. posture will I go .to- Doz Quixoze, 'and
feigning my self tobe a distressed Lady, that wants his Afistance, beg a
Boon of him, which I am sure he will not deny me, as a Kzi7w-Errant.
By this means will Iengage him to revenge an Injury done me by a certain
Felon, and Traitor of a pretended Brother of the Order; beseeching him
at'the.same time, not to desire' to see my Face, till he had done me: Justice
upon the Miscreant Violator of my 'Honour. This Bait'.will take, my life
for yours; he'l look upon it as a Message from Heav'n : and by this means
well bring him backto his own House, where wel endeavour to cure him
of his Extravagancy. R323: ww int

_ _ — >. < & & 4 At Ahab. a BL ad LEX ned tot
BW 4 - s % ” ” _ w 4 v4 * _— —_—

CHAP. XIII

How the Curate and the Barber accomplish'd their Design ;' with "many
other Occurrences of great Importance. pes

H E Barber-being highly pleas'd with the Curate's Proje&, they refolv'dto

put!it forthwith in Execution.” To which purpose the; Curate-borrow'd
a gatapleat Waman's- Apparel of the Hostels;' leavin: anew
Silk Cafsockin Pawns and the Barber made bim a Beard of a Py:tOxe's
Tail, half Dazisþ, half grizl'd, with which: the Inn-keeper was wont. to
clean his Combs. The Hostess being curious to know what they intended
todo with th6se:Giagombnbs,. the'Curate. was for&d to'tell fem gheStory of
Don Quixote's Extravagancesy and the whole Drift of their Delighn. Upon
which, the Inn-keeper- told "ers the whole: Story of. the Balsorn, and of
Saxcho's being toss'd in a Blanket :and .the Hostess willing to forward their
good Intention, dress'd up the Curate'as fine as a Farmer's Daughter, going
to meet her Sweeteteart at a-Coyntry-Fair ; only with so much of a Geatlewoman,
as to wear a Vizetrmaskto hide his Face and his Beard.” Being
thus fitted with proper Accoutremetits, up'got-the Curate npon tus Side-
{addle, and the Barber mounted his Mule,::taking theirleaye of the Hostess
and Maritornes, who, as greats'Sinnher as she was, vaw'd:to tell: eyer her
Rosary no less then twenty rimes, for their good.Succels. =
bh oy

k ; 8 Kd Wea» "We "—_ 1 OS hy
We g / * be x, Tx > Py . Sr. ky £ IS ** wy QT 19900 pe v B.
k *, ws” $ $9. _— \ 7 N "y IEA "» 16 EEO ade? Wt” EVP ps OR z F
: «1% WE, 5/5 > 0 LEI Ss RT os os "We" os , F OL), op
WNs- Th Rt 2 VOL "4e54 sy 5 F
us 65 ry d #: q £ + LS C 4x 1 S >, ” ; n ON
FX: s [ ” *ss AS, 8 bY ey A , "TY
% od; d be
: « » . - ' - : bi.
+ wxTH U _ pa - V 4 , TR RT We dan MS li. Sr O00 | A HT) — a ew. aca t4 «Wh - ic. 4 F
EN _ —_ md . l - — » ins _—_— AD — —_ \ yy TE ) bn. a. Ad RC” _——_ TOS wand ;
I 26 C ire and AAECDICUEMENTS 0 art L |
h—— _ 4d PST IT 2 td.

But they had not rode above fifty Paces, when the Curate began to be
troubl'd in Conscience ; and what d? ye think was the Scruple ? Why, he
was afraid, that the Woman's Habit would ha” ravish'd him. A Parson,

quo he to the Barber, may Gentleman-usher a young Lady Y the Streets,
which is as bad a Sight too, but hemust not wear her Apparel. And therefore
good Neighbour, added he, prethee let us change Sexes, thou shalt
be the Lady, and Te be the Squire: Content, content, quo the Barber, Vie
wear the Habit of a Mahometay, for a Jest's sake— :

Now while the Barber was dressing himself and managing his Pins, the Cu.
rate would have pretended to instru&t him how to demean himself. Prethee,
Mr.Curate,quo the Barber,a Barber is next a-kin to a 1zre-womay, and therefore
let me alone to a& a Lady; that have ated with some Ladies i' my time,
when I was a young Smooth-chin'd Fellow. |

Thus the Hostesse's Sunday-Gown and Headgear being chang'd for the
Motley-Beard, they spurr'd on, while S2»cho, who had o're-taK*n 'em by this
time, entertain d em upon the Road with a Relation of Doz Quixote's antick
Behaviour, without mentioning a Word of the Money, or the Portmantle.
For as much a Foo! as he was, he knew o which side his Bread
was butterd. |

The next day arriving where Saxcho had strew'd the Boughs for his
Land-mark, they made a stop; and there, upon mature Deliberation, they
order d Sancho not to take the least Notice who they were ; but when Dor
Quixote enquird for Dulcineas Answer, that he should tell his Master that
she had sent it by Word of Mouth, in regard she could neither write nor
read; which was, That upon Pain of her high Displeasure, he should, without
delay, repair to her Presence, for that she bad a longing Desire to see
and embrace him. To which they added, That there was no way but this
to recover his Wits, that he might prosecute his Design of making himself
an Emperor, assuring him they would take such Order, that he should never
so much as dream of an Arch-bishoprick.

Sancho thus inftrutted and” orderd to bring back Tidings of what he
had done, rode on to seek out his Master, leaving the Curite and the Barber
by the side of a Brook, where the Shade and Verdure of a pleasant
Grove shelterd 'em from the Heat of the Sun, which shone very hot at
that time, being about the middle of Augsst. :

W hile they regos'd themselves under that delightful Canopy, expe&ing
Sancho's rerurn,they heard aVoice, which without the help of any Instrument,
seem'd to ravish their Ears. And their Admiration was so much the preater,
to hear such Charms of artful Melody in so wild anddefart a Solitude : Besides
that, the Words themselves savour'd something of rural Composition ;

beipg the same that are here inserted. - ro

Hitt Female Plague is this that haunts my Brain?
Severe Dzsaain. 148
What's that which will not (let my Soul be free?
jQFHrh4 1 Tis Jeatoustes TIRED
But what does my Impatiente thus provoke ?' ©

69 141 4 0 . TLong Absence from « Smith.
Then farewel Frost. Wrers Er. oF 5. 15997 1
When Two bauk'd Hercules; and here” are Three, © -

O pity, pity thus a Lover slain il

By Blenes, Jealouste, and proud Disaain.”

SW” TH þ Nob "+ $0.08 1344 _ OO. -- «YL 6: 127 it i E- TR $a "4 ' $208 ' #MF"Og
Bt © Rr TR , I IT WW IS” + II RY EN 4 F * , 6
v wy wif «TE oof : 1 # 4 Lu OS OP” 6 * rs Tec. ER IP. - RW Mes yY, Wo Tt EA, . Os oh - TOs >, 5 2766
4 bt Ph RN g. WY SE WS »; ©. ER gd 1, > 2; 's % Y, EY og
*% = 2 LIE WIS» n [| g

i &. LEH TR BILE) 14M #& 4 7 : bo IIS ;
4.IE Q ” 028 '# po Y >; S ID } i - i 97 ES > "3+ - : * W
42588 " WOT Ye pw x.ee, oh 2s rt RS 0 +05 7 > = if by 7 4A - $r-gd EI "I Ws "ons YA SN. a4 ko” 4 M$: 34" I - % . * of
SOR FO SIAN WP} I HPPA 157 40 WOT," TOY OOTY CEO ESR BET EIS. ATTN 2: Sn PESO WT Ro 1 Ss A EY knee 5 OW 1 Ne 4
Ih I-19 > Pass 19g TEES. EG 34 FX OWLS Rt Fe Ne FS 9 op RD”... #0. LO "ROT "NOT of A FO ot 8 pe? 4 5
A Pe - RIGS R

Yo y WR.” $58
> yg NN ee £4
P 0, SN 6H (L Ce 2
& . y WR OSS IX

AM S3 SOC...” 7 7-95. SU. ae 11 hs
£9.g ta db. #.3Atct $7

GEE 127

7 wh: , "a OY . CCA Re wants tut _ VIO 4. nd rote CAP - SWF \ 3, £4 FL SP Bad x46 £98 Mn."
Book III. The Renowned Do x (Qui x

What makes me trifle thus away my Youth ?
Fortune, forsooth.
Who sir'd my Breast, and does the Flames improve *
Half Lust, half Love.
And who refuses. my Complaints to hear ? ©
© That's Heava I feat.
Then bad proves worse, and I ami lost again,
When Fortune, Love and Heav'n conspire my Pain:
For well we know, at Foot-ball Three are Odds,
But here are Six— Where are ye, O yeGods?

Now what's the Cure ? the same that curd Mackbetli.
Oh Heaw ns ! that's Death.
Ts there no other way, if Death should faltey ?
Oh yes, a Halter !
But then I fear that Men will call me Fool;
Most sure they wooll,

How ! die or hang, and be call*d Fool to boot !

As long as I can live, I le never dot.

Then Fortune hang, hang Jealousie, Disadain;

And Love— De live, and never love again.

The Time, the Hour, the Solitariness of the Place, the Voiceand Skill,
with which the unseen Person sang, so charm'd the Ears of the Hearers,
that they determin'd to find out the Musician, and proffer him their Service ;

but hearing the same Voice begin another Ayr, they were easily induc'd ro

stop, and list'n to the following Words.

No consider d that Love was a Cheat,
When first T began to woe ;

But now 1 confess I find it, too late,
That Pleasure and Int rest govern below:

Mez court not the Virgin, but meerly the AFjog,
And all to procure a Self [atisfaFion ;
And now too, the Virgins are all grown so wary,

That only for Riches and Honour they'l marry.

Such a Fool was. I once to woe, and to court,

And thought my self” sure of my Mistress's Heart ;
But when the Duke's Son came once to appear,
Away was I sent with a Flea i my Ear.

The Poets therefore were a Number of Owls,
To make such a stir with a Baby-facd Chit ;
Employing Priapus to scare the wild Fowls,
That rules both our Love, our Reason and Wit:

Priapus the Father of all the Graces,
He's th' only Beginning and End of our woing ;
Tour Oaths, and Protests, and alluring Grimaces,

They all dobut endin kissmg and doing.

L ie ee Fed 9 we IS ; 4:ring . PR,
e Ws Fog OTITIS. 3 IPA *Þ, 1 waged MATS Ts Wn” WER ICAL op. + ; ws «of Wn OR LE
\ Dp; & v IE pt FR SHR 3% 50h {be Ee > "vp a4 ke 2M CR hn LT 4 34 FEI FE GIS er bs, IR the EH ad pcs bg OS oe 1 OO Tk 5 SES
FI bi, HY, ES. vat 4K, +3 D \ ” $2. - 4.8 OA ONE TR , we LACS | ts 1 + 2 et) 3 * MP - MH *% 4k" EE AY? by
+; = pF (3.22044 *.0 S +8 ' 4% my Ee x No gs? + a * hb hat AT , 4 F Pp C
ah Ne Ber dhe dr Rd at CLE RR os Kan ade BE I

Ll TI Eh dh «K. + Fat
Fe 46-425 Y SEO: Net Co de
y-Þ C : FO XOEE FI Mo RAE IH 3b bf aa: et p : Si
BB: C IE >. RN - fre NEE IG RR eB IST OS See OBE OE oo ee Te OO ERS CER.
Y [2 Cc IE "x4 » We 1.4 ..- \ - F ks O EP HI wy e _ "5 2 4's. 43 WS 5.4 $ NO ark. "Se $ Mae 1 VET 5, x > k un HY F 68 TING 4 Wa $ 3%: o > 4 Jy" AP 4 io. et BL; 7 YITh -
WE es: bog " "FW Wil PE” gt; Sf Rat Us; wy IB WW \ <A Ny $2 Ao LA OF Ca apy he n 3 y py Ru by i {of Pe ies oY 5 IO WA 3 ) : "4 Be IM NS 2 I > $4.24 I. "$1 : db
3 MCA 969 DS Lb et 1 0 3 I WEI EAN 92, 1 Oe 6 PRE BeTn < 0 EP wo Gs : La . ; »
IMF nr * Pr. * "1 5 ds "0 Ls dt "NW? *Y. a => al +. $I 000 OS 2 KS % l th. 4
q 4, +8 F , FL : 2 2x T IR T
? 0 0 oo Nh Vue Ce A *
FH ; 0 J

4 x ; 4 33 1's A Fe: 11S, 0? Yves. * IS YR *% Moles "4 -#Y A, by + < FM : WS TRA 4 =
. & "#1 : - $1 No £ y ' ? : % - Ca pg” . 4 < L PL 3; © } REF a9
MEG, Bo.” EM MN 6 7 MRS HON 2,1 *.- p d £ # | 4 :
wb Ws. "0 | | ; Gs ;

nag . v \

4” $24 5 Sg 4 +50m 0 ” 4 . * | Fr :
Part | : |

L a LOW. &
" » & « «2B hn Sh
s - & Ya NE EEE

IIS , W S —_s_—— —— — —

| 128 | , The Life and Atchievements of +a;

Fo then for the Maid, 'tis th Estate she would have,
T he Coach and Six Horses her Lowe do encourage ;
But alas ! for if either do either decerve,

Love presently cools like a Mess of Beef- Porridge.

There's nothing but Vertue the Object of Love,
Nor Beauty, nor Colour, Love minds i the least,
Theyr are only the Idols of Pleasure, by Jove,
Where th Altar's Desire, Priapus High Priest.

Ah ! had T consider d these things before,
T had never run mad in Sierra Morena. ; |
Then Fondness and Kjnanessgo both to Gehenna,

For as a true Lover Ile never court more.

This Sonnet concludedwith a deep Sigh,and Throbs so loud and vehement,
that the Cyrate and Barber, touch'd with Compassion and Curiosity, resolv'd
to find out who this distressed Songster was. Nor was it long before they
discover'd at the foot of a Rock, a Man whose Shape and Aspe& answer'd
dire&ly to the Description which Saxcho had giv'n of Cardenio, who spying
them two, stop'd short, and stood with his Chin upon his Breast; like one
in a profound Study, never so much as lifting up his Eyes to mind what they
did. - The Curate, who was a very charitable Person, went toward: him,

and in molt obliging Language earnestly besought him, to abandon such a
desert Solitude, and a Courle of life {6 torlorn and miserable, which endan-

gerd his Salvation, that was to be prizd above all things in this World.

Cardeniowas then free from his raving Fits; yet seeing two Persons 1n.a
quite different Habit then what was wont to appear in those Desarts, 'was
not alittle surpriz'd at first ; but then perceiving that they spoke as if they

understood something of his Concerns ; . Gentlemen, said he, whoe*re ye be,
I find Heav'n compasshonating my Misfortunes, has brought ye to these unfrequented
Wildernesses to recrieve me from this affrightful Retirement,
and recover me to the Society of Men. But because you know not so well
as my self, that the end of one Misery will be but the beginning of another;
considering my Condition, you may probably take me for some unfortunate
Creature that has lost his Reason -z Senses : And indeed you have sufficient
Cause to think so. Forlfind by my self, that the Remembrance of my
misfortunes frequently disftraQts me to that degree, that I unman my self
for the time, and commit those Extravagances, which are only the Effes
of irrational Rage and Frenzy, For which, when I happ'n to be rebuk*d
and blam'd, I can alledge no other Excuse, but only the Cause of my
Misfortune that occasion'd those irregular Aﬀtions,and then I tell the Story of
my hard Fate, to all that have the Patience to hear it. And therefore,
Gentlemen, if you come here with that Intention, I desire ye, before ye
go about to perswade me to alter my Course of life, to hear the: Relation of
my woful Calamities ; and then you will see, . whether after so many Sufterings,
and so little Consolation among men, I have not Reason sufficient
to exile my self from human Converse. Thereupon the Curate and the
Barber, who defird nothing more then' to hear the: Story from his own
Mouth, with great Importunity requested the Favour of him to gratifie
their Curiosity, assuring him, That they had no Desiga, but thereby to
find what Remedies might be most sutable cobis Condition. note

Cardenio

Book Ill. The Renowned Don Quixore. 129

Cardeniothen began, and went on with the first part of his Story, as has

been already related, so far as till Doz Quixote, out of His Nicenels to observe
the Decorum of Chivalry, gave an Interruption to the Relation, by
quarrelling about Tom Thumb, and the Queen of Irumps. But Cardeno
being riow art leisure to finish his Story, and coming to that Passage con-
cerning the Biller-dous sent him'by Lecinda, and which Ferdinand Pund to
be transcrib'd ont of Amadis de Garl, he told 'em, that as far as he could remember,
the Contents of it were these. _ h |

Lucinda so Cardenio

FT Discover inye every day new Occasions to value and esteem your Worth, IF
yas will therefore have me discharge this Debr, without serving an Execution
pon my Honour, you may doit. T have a Father that knows you, who, without
putting any Constraint upon my Will, is ready to condescend to whatever shall be

Just and honourable. So that-now it remains with you to shew that you love me as
you pretend, and I believe. |

This Letter it was that embolden'd me to demand Lucinda of her Father
in Marriage, and made Doz Ferdinand have so good an Opinion of her
Wit and Discretion, and put him upon a Design to destroy me, before I
could bring-my own Desires to pass. I told D. Ferdinand the Scope of the
Answer,which Lucinds's Father had giv'n me, That it was for my own Father
ro propose the business tirst ; which I durst not reveal to my Father, for.
fear he should put a stop to my Proceedings. Not that he was ignorant of
the Quality, Beauty, and Vertue of Lacinaa, which were sufficient to enticle
her an Ornament to the noblest House in Spaiz; but because he was
unwilling to marry me, till he saw what the Duke would do for me. To
remove this Obstacle, D. Ferdinand profter'd to speak to my Father, and
oblige him .to treat with Lacinda's. And now who would have thought
thar D. Ferdinand, whose Quality and Merit render'd him capable to court
the greatest Ladies in the Kingdom, and who pretended so much Kindness
and Friendship for me, should lay such a treacherous Design to deprive me
of all the Happiness of my life ? But so it was 3 for D. Ferdinand finding
my Presence obstratted his Project, the same day that he undertook to
speak tomy Father, made an absolute Bargain for fix Horses, and prefencly
defir'd me to ride away to his Brother for Money to pay for *em.” He
could no sooner ask, bur have of me ; so little did I suspe& his Treachery,
believing him to bea Man of Honour. So that Night I went to take my
leave of Lucinda, and to tell her what D. Ferdinand had promis'd to do.
She bid me make haste back again, not doubting but the Business would be
done, so soon as the two old Men had -parlyd together. But whatever
Lacinda had/in her mind at thar time, Iam sure I could see nothing bur
Tears in her Eyes; which put me into a great Confusion, not being able to
conjeQture the Reason of her Discontent, which. I could only attribute to
the tenderness of her AﬀeC&ion, and unwillingness to part-with me.

In short, away I went full of Fears, and jealous Imaginations, for whic
I conld pive no reason 1 the Earth. I deliver'd D. Ferdinand's Letter to his
Brother, who receiv'd me with all the Kindness imaginable, but did not so
soon dispatch me. For, to my great Grief, he enjoyn'd me to tarry eight
days, and to keep my self private, for fear of being seen by the Duke, for
that his Brother had sent for Money unknown to his Father. - But this
was only a trick of D. Ferdinand's w delay my Return ; for his Brother

CR TS never

oe , bh. Land 2 ”

os by

The Life and Atchievements of ©

into the Gentleman's own Han

never wanted Money, and might have presently dispatch'd me, had ig

leasd, Sr OE :
ay,” EM I was about to have return'd without the Money, ratherthen
obey an InjunQiion so intollerable; not able to endure such a tedions Ab.
sence from Lacinda, conlidering in what a Condition I had'left her, - Bug
the fear of disobliging my Father, and doing an Aftion which 1 could not
rationally. justifie, prevail'd over my .Impatience, Some four days after my
Arrival, a Messenger brought me a Letter, which I found came from Lecinda
I open'd it with an aking Heart, surpriz'd that it should be sent by a
man o* purpose. However, before I read it, I ask'd the Messenger, Who
gave it him, and how long he had been upon the Road? He an{wer'd me,

That pafling by accidentally r the Street, a very fair Lady, with Tears in

her Eyes, call'd me to the Window, and in very great haste ; If you be a
Christian, said she, as you seem to be, for the Love of God, take this Letter,
and carry it, without "opal þ according to the DireQtion, but deliver it

and having so said, she threw me a Handkerchief,
wherein I found five Guintes, a Jewel, and a Letter ; and then
having made her a Promise of my Fidelity, she shut the Window.

All the while the Fellow spoke, a thousand Fears, and ominous Jealoufies
afsail'd me, quaking and shiv'ting, like a man fac'd by a Fiend at Midnight;
but at last recolleQting my self, I read the Letter, of which these
were the Contents. | |

ON Ferdinand has beex as good as his word, for he has spok'n to your Fa-..

| # ther ; but as the Proverb sates, one word for you, and two for himself.
He has demanded me in Marriage,and myFather blinded by the Advantages,which

he expetts from such an Alliance, has so far consented, that two days hente the

Marriage is to be consummated ; and that so privately, that only Heav'n and
some of the Family are tobe Witnesses. Judge. you how much 1 am concerud for
your FA ; and therefore hast # your' Return with all speed: The Issue of this Business
(hall shew how much I am Tour's. |

I had no sooner read the Letter, but away I flew, without taking leave.
For then it was that I discover'd D. Ferdinand*s Treachery, and that he had
sentmeof his Errand, only to take the Advantage of my Absence. Anger,
Love, and Impatience furnish'd me with Wings; so that I got home betimes
and that Evening I found Lacizda at the Window, but I did not
meet with that Reception which 1 expe&ted, Cardenio, said she, my Wedding:
clothes are on, and they expett me in the Hall to complete the Ceremony.

Yet know, my Father,the Traitor Ferdinaxd,and the rest,may be Witnesses

of my Death, but never of my Nuptials, Ne're trouble thy self, my
dear Cardenio ! foraf Intreaties and Words will not prevail, this Dagger
shalldome Justige; and the Period of my life shall be an undeniable Proof

of thy Love and my Fidelity; and I would have thee, if thou canst, be

present to behold the Sacrifice. Let thy Deeds, Lycinds, cry'd I, make
good thy Words : For if thou carry « Dagger to preserve the Truth of thy

Vones and Protesiations, I wear a Sword, which it it be not able to defend
us, 1 will turaut upon my ownBreaft,' rather then out-live my Shame. I
cannot tell whether Zacinds heard ,me, for she was calld away in great

haste; at what time such was my; Confusion, that my Eyes, and my Senses
faild me both at one time. Bug at length recovering my self, and confi-

Gxing the Promise I had made,:/and- withal, how useful I might be to her

atimeof needs I got into' the House, being then all ig a hurry,

*.« CEE IT ” , - .
P art |þ

, & 4 bub a p./ it . -
JOLT 7 "HL RE: * bn 0 Rb et Wy
$a CR & wth Et 2x0 on CET oe, Watt, : IB
Os % 75S; Tel obo I WILL EE RS: $7 "—
PR a8 IP op Baron Fn at ves of WS dee hg ob TRE v2
oo "te ws RF Vs ONE FT boo BG So EY oe IE BY 1k
bes 2 oa. od)" . "..- IC ES, wats 9” OI os et eg Sus; "
BE 4 Fr por W893; FEET As > **
4-84 oh > I EE | M7 EA, ' "3
4 "'F X : &« 4 Mer: | ; #2 UA 4 NL
i » 4 ox" « ; l Ws, Ge 5-66. 0 IS _ $2". x bn
6 1 @ + . * RES. ” oy XN”. G, ae : - - - ws Y_. $&'o'S + "6 -—- l . + #54
— annum g te et ns th PO Te TT «INF? COR Ii. ©: of) #36 TEA pos 4% ir og we ot yas {4 Coo antes s nor ont, ge nes on REI at eB Roh dts #0 "od Ge remind; OW *#
IE _- h—_ nat — "I —_— 4 a > EE a 4 - F 7 2 _
m F \ 4 24 - -
as ; . » . W 7 Of
d / ; ey vs
» "BY, eee. * T2 "In þ | , & p
a e O N | I >< O E | |
. : 4 . Y ” FP % _ : o
* 4 We » " N —__ _— . - # f > x an ", I _ = = , _ .
ts. —_ —_—_——— - » : _ fs "

undiscover by any body, and plac'd my self behind the Hangings in the
nw __ two pieces of Tapestry joynd, and gave me libertyto see, yet
nor tisfeh. | Pe it” Tel EBT! Tn 17557 Rd
Ferdinand enter'd the Hall in his visual Habic: ' with only a Coulin-Geraian
of Lacindz's, the rest werethe People of the House. Soon after appear
Lucinda her self, accompany'd by her Mother, and attended by two: of her -
Maid-Servants, in a Dress befitting, her Quality, and answerable to the $6-
lemnity of the Ceremony ; but norwithitanding all her Pomp, her Pearls
and Jewels were all eclips'd by the Lustre of her Beauty. ©
And now all Parties being met, the cursed Priest enterd, and taking the
two betroth'd Persons by the Hands, he ask'd Latinda, Whether she were
willing to take D. Fer4inand for her wedded Husband ? With that I thrust
out my Head from between the two Tapestries, and listen'd attentive!
to hear Lyucinds's Answer ; which I look'd upon'as the' Senterice of my Life
or Death. Wretch that I was ! Who hinder'd me then from shewing my
self, and putting 'Lacinda in mind of her Promise ? Who' prevented the
from laying before her what she ow'd me, and letting her see how she
ruin'd me by her Silence ? Who hinder'd me from raking my full Revenge
upon D. Ferdinand, the Tronbler of my Life's Tranquility, when my Honour
ahd my Loye lay at Stake ? ps rn: ri
All-this while the Priest tarry'd for Lacizdz's Answer, who was a long
time before she gave it : And I expeCted when she would make use of her
Dagger, to disengage her self from'the Labyrinth {he was in, or plead her
former Vows and Protestations, and plighted Troth ro my Advancage. But
woe is me | at length with a faint and low Voice I heard her pronounce
the fatal Tes; and then Ferdinand saying the same, gave her the Ring by
which the indifsoluble Knot was ty'd.. Which done, the Villain Bridegroom
steppd forward to embrace his Bride, who laying her Hand upon her Heart,
swooned- away in her Mother's Arms. : w_— oh
You may easily conjeCture the Confusion I was in, seeing the Falshood of
L «cindi's Promises, all my Hopes ' frustrated, and my self, with the Gaying
of one Word, depriv'd of the. sole Happiness and Treastre pf -my Life.” I
look'd upon my self to be the Obje& of Heaven's Wrath, that had abandon'd
me to the Cruelty of my Destiny ; the Abomination of the Earth that
gave.me Being, while the Air deny*'d me Breath sufficient for my Sighs; and
the Water Moisture to supply,my Eyes, een Mearns
L ncinda's Swooning troubl'd the whole Company, and her Mather having
inlac'd her to give her Air, found in herBosom a Paper. seal'd up ; which,
when Ferdinand had opend andread, he fate down in a'Chair with all rhe
Signs of Melancholy and Discontent, as if 'he had forgot ,the_Disaster of
his new marry'd Bride. For my own part, I was refolv'd as first, to have
satisfy'd my Resentment in punishing the Perfidiousness of that Traitor Ferdinand,
which I might easily have done, considering the Disorder and Confusion
i' the House ar that time. ' But Heav'n that reserves me perhaps for
reater Misfortunes, allowd me the use of that small Remainder of my Sen-
which afterwards quite forsook me ; so that Ileft the House quietly
and peaceably, resolving to inflict the Punishments due to them: upon my
felt, for trusting to the Faith of Mankind. EY
The very same time I left the Town, and as [ rode along under the ProteCtion
of Night and Silenice,. I vented my Passion 1n Execrations against the
false and treacherous Ferdinand, and in no less loud Complaints of ingrateful
and perjur'd Lycinda's Cruelty.

oh % FY A) bh. $3" pA bong

lg? © INOS + ,$ as OI Nr. bes & 4
i 3 A "P N Dn 008 tang fy 5 bY N04
CAE WP . v SP RA EM ©
4» » * a vx ro WE: C : tha i $8, |

: [ \ * 96-2" WY

” : " þ Py 10 "A bY

KJ2 The LL ife and Atchiev!
The next Morning I found my self at the foot” of these Mountains, where

I wander'd for three Days together, without observing any Road, till at

last meeting with certain Shepherds in the adjoyning Meadows, I enquir'd
the way to the most defart and solitary part of the Mountain. When I

came to the foot of these Rocks, my Mule, quite tir'd and famish'd, fell

down dead; and I my self was so weak, and cast down, that I could hardly

stand upon my Feet. This I remember, that finding my self in that

Jlanguishing Condition, I threw my self upon the Grass, wherel lay stretch'd

forth like a Corps; but when I rose again, I could not perceive I had any

Appetite to eat ; by which I conjetture, that the Shepherds had giv'n me

some fort of Suftenance, tho I were not sensible of their Relief: And

they told me afterwards, in what a miserable Condition they found me,

raving and tearing, that they thought me quite out o? my Wits. And indeed,

to tell ye the truth, I have not found my self perfeQly in my Senses
never since ; while my distracted Thoughts have hurry'd me to commit a
Thousand Extravagances; tearing my Clothes, filling the Air with-loud
Curses, Lamentations, and Repetitions of Lacinda's Name, with np other

Design then to expire in the pronouncing it ; and when I came to my self,
I found my self weary and tird, as if I had rid a hard-trotting Horse for
fifty Miles together. My Mansion-house is generally a hollow Cork-tree,
where'the Shepherds and Goat-herds leave me their Charity for che Support-of
my Life; for Nature 3s still in her Wits, tho Cardezio be mad. Sometimes
these honest People meet me in my lucid Intervals, and check me
for robbing 'em of their Provision, and abusing their Servants, especially being
soljberal of their own accords : Which was a great Afliftion to me,
and then I promisd amendment for the future, tho my wild Humour would
not ' suffer,me many time to. be so. good as my word. _ 5
Thus Gentlemen, do I lead a miserable life, expeAting when Heaven
will either put a Period to.my days, or 'raze out of my Remembrance the
Beauty:and Ingratitude of Lucinda, and Ferdinand's Perfidiousness. In the
meantime, I beg of Heav'n tolook upon me with an Eye of Compassion,
since I; cannot believe such a Course of life as this, can be any way pleasin
to God ; tho-I am not able toresolve any thing of my self, under the Load
of these Misfortunes. that overwhelm me, and surmaount the Strength of
my.Reason. 6 = al off |
Here Cardenio having made an endof his doleful :Story, and such a frank
Confession, that the Curate was about to have givn him Absolution ;
when of a sudden they heard the mournful Accents of another sad Complaint,
which prick up their Ears to new Attention ; of which you shall
ea true account in the Fourth Book. For Cid- Hamet-Benengeli will not
admit the Third Part to reach any farther. |

w: & 4 "=. 4 F -
. . » # 7 — s » n ct
Y Þ s* #
Us _ %. Y + yum % &# 4 & as
C41 7 Fer! FG by & *M oh r . | ;
PSY LiQJi3S4: Sf wb 4 L 4 %.4 3 ; SS IL11 * [ I ; v4
\ . # ” ; a . » Ly 4 '
__ - - , / p . ef.
b gs T31ig”; 7 ; e be -
d LE 243 1 'RT #3 { b
% i 464 »#T\ 6 , " . 5 GAS 4 A f 4

DVJIP

Milly, 4

WH HW | WW moe

re TY 628 "NE
wRR_

——A©RI. Wb

OTE ELON

27i411tert; Page 243 -

MES nt —

4 _"Ieromy -
NE Ns

vY _roOELES

Gs —_— Ho *:9, = <__ RE
4Y p GD o _ » "i * mM n .
n | — 1 pos, —

, 4s > * o ” & - Pod a, " , Y ” by. 4 AY

FEE . FI - » Gp 1+ * . . mo . » & 44 4+ — S +. _
, 3 Yo : POARAOR pd ei" hab Mw 2 1 ASA: wn 1) td k . He
\ ! 0 x » He oY " 4 + Mid
is E a i mY 7
f *, EY
es - | var; © hs
oY "I . o ” > -
z fe - -_

) p A "

"2 P Ss 3 0 E b
« 4 oat G os - oh © %
# v4 RETRY
£ gol +
x ; T « Lt. PST a8 "I Io : _ - G
W . ow £1 kh F _ » = 4
F 2? "_ $3'S 4/5; Ne Ac 4 . } 4 :

Of the new aid pl,
ber ntheBlac

wit. Adventure which befell the Curate 4

£ Mountain. WR i

Oft fortunate were - those Times, and happy was the Womb that
brought into, the World the bold and valiant Doz Quixote de 1s

molt lc |
blessed. Opportunity in this our Age,quite ban

& ot, only the Pleasute of his delightful Scory, but allo other, Comical
Novels. and Tales. We. told ye, that. the Curate

forth the dolefut. Mons of a troubl'd Mind, in'these Words. -* He: ns!

Thave Libe

overt

and Knayes, and yqu-alons can give m@#Consalation, andrelt me in plair
Exglish what T ha >”: 'Thereupon the Curate and his Company.cu2

ribulation' it was that utter'd.rhefe doleful
ofes, whiere their Ears' dizeed

\+ » $84 TFT 4)

in,” Not

a 1%. oY

—o-q_ ee—o—ooo__ 9” —_ S455 — 0 oe -_ 4

The Life and Atchievements of ' Part I

had they gon above twenty Paces, before they spy'd a young Lad to all

outward Appearance, fitting at the foot of a Rock, under an Ash-tree. He
was clad in a Countrey-habit, but his Face they could not see, being bow'd
almost npon his, Knees, as he fate washing his Feet in a clear and purling
Stream that glided gently by. They approach'd him so softly, that he never

perceiv'd *em ; so that they had the leisure to survey a pair of Thighs

so plump, so white,: so wel-shap'd, that nothing could appear more beautiful.

A SpeQacle that strangely surpriz'd 'em in a person, whose Clothes
discover'd him to be no other then some Gardiner, or Farmer's Son. Bless

us, quo they ! such Thighs, such Legs, and Alablaster-Feet as those, were

never made to follow Plough-tails, or tread Gard'n-plats. Thereupon the

Curate, who began to smell a Rat, beckond to the rest of the Company to
go and hide themselves behind the Rock : Which they did, and fromthence
making a stricter Observation, they found the young Stripling had: on a

Ruslet Pear of cgarse Kentish Cloth, ty'd about his Waste with a kind #f =

a long 7

Come inen-Neckcloth, instegd: of a Scarf, 'and a pair of Breeches of the

gether with a Sailors Thrum-Cap button'd up of one side, and/lind

underneath with green Taffaty ; all Sunday's Apparrel, before-George, Afﬀ-

ter he had wash'd his Lilly-white Toes, he wip'd *em with a Napkin which
he pulPd out of his Codpiece. But then looking up, What d* ye think
they discover'd ? No parrs of DiftinQtion, I beg your Favour for that, but

such a miatchless Face, -rha®Cardenio cry'd out, This is either Lucinda, or

an Angel from Heaven, By and by the young Lad taking off his Cap,
and shaking his Head, such a lovely Quantity of dishevel'd Yexus hair cover'd
all his Shoulders, and thence fell down to his Feet, so thick and Sunbeam
like, tliat it was apparent they had mistak'n a.Corydon for an Armarrillis,
a young Lad for a young Damsel, and one of the fairft that ever
Eyes bebeld, except it were Lucinda, for that Carderio would by no means
allow. -Instead of a Comb to difintangle her Hair, she made use of her
Fingers, which by consequence were very small. That Accident made a-
nother Discovery. of her Arms and Hands, surpassing in whiteness all the

Ermins, ,or Snow that ever fell from the Sky. - Which astonishing Beauties

soravish'd their Admiration,and encreas'd their Curiosity, that they resolv'd
toaccost her, and see who she was. The young Lady hearing a Noile,
peep'd through her Hair, as through a Window , and seeing three Men

coming [toward her, only stay*d to take up a little Bundle which she had,

and betoogk her self ro her Heels with all the speed she could. But her bare

tender Feet not being able to endure the rudeness of the Stones, down
sbe fell, poor Soul— so that the Curate easily over-taking her— Lady, said

he, whoever you are, fear nothing ; here are none but such as would be

glad to serve you to the utmost of their Power. But then perceiving
her still to stand as if she . had met her Grandfathers Ghost; Your
dishevelPd Hair, Madam, quo the Curate, has discover'd what your
Disguise conceal'd from us : Which, however, did but render us the -more
compashonate of your Misfortunes, or make us the more ready to assist yes
therefore Madam dispel your needless Fears, and'tell us how-our Service

may be most'to ag Advantage. I know. better then to. think it was a

{light Occasion that made'you put on this Disguise and venture, so sweet

a Lady as you are, into this samggsolitary Desart, where it was the greatest

Miracle in the, World that _— met with us. However, we hope it

15 not impossible to find a Remedy for your Misfortunes, since there 1s none sq

Mont ich Reviea and Time will not at length surmount. And therefore,

am, if you have not absdlutely renounc'd all Consolation and Advice

81 A TOS,

Lv adv b þ l :
Jrarag7-4 TIRY : 1% + Hr tF
+ f ELON ha conf Ly ASE 3s
DN be)" 4s; Ho DS eds "RA «\ FR by A \ os or 8 os OR on : Kt LY 5 RP £ ae. 0 As ret Ys ; 87 ?
i ol eas SNBE Py CONF «3 10/1 ES. | ws hg) Hex ns We hs Ho nts. et SS. ps We Nor ES. ;F, TSS a : A BN. ROSS 30 of * Þ 4 PF My RNs nt +3 ae, HA x WAR 8x do PR
+ * Pa $2 NE EE ho A JONI no OE IT | Be/oed US Te ot pay 4 EEE VS BTR. ue Bis; SS ee TI te< Oy ES Ds a el. #7
D 7 EW here” -/; LE NEE EEE a (ee i Br ES or OE nt "SY, 3, AR fg WE DT Ws OS: CF Oo DR
x # \ + 40 We TWO *g- # # g 4 3) td 7 Ft / \ P14 we Fans 4 F, 5 "ys $-ak vl 3 RS — va Ke” I. - x F Pars Cr ip
P. - & 6 I / , "PE SLY a oe We” Py 05 P . Ste £3: ONS 0x w Tg tO, Rh To's 9 Os
, [ f y v SP ng, << iS © 3 . /- ; L304 " x MW RS 3, To. K
FA "_ ; Py & n ' 6 RH Pe. Es * I tap P ty +
% i *% ” bb$37 toy
Þo - "SF 4.
Tar * "y

LY : - \ Wa . , . 4 ” wo - £p >-9 . #;' bp ., $* Fax + - _ TX,
FEY Wy » 1 wle $5.6 ® ey , Fl _ 2 FY , 10” ORE; g - b&. ; 3 7 Þ ? ” « "$7 FAS , A” » * Z* 5 , 7 HW & FR
vs &- IO OI FX yl , "I:
8 , , n- : " 4 l k » < ” c % 0 .
P FE | ; N ' ; \ » ©
ho © 7 ( h lf - : Tx 2

of Mankind, Þbefeechye tell us the Canlt of your Sorrows,” which tis dot
Curiosity, but-areal Intention to serve he?, "char makes tis thas'importiinate
to:know. 5 9 OD 0.4794;29 110-3UMARH 10110 ZOE boR?”

All-the while the Curare was making his Complements, the LadyRtood
like one jn a France, staring' upon rhe thres/Strangers/7as if they had been
fomany Apparitions with white Sheets \and Torches!” their Harnds,'* But
ill plying her with! new Crambs of Comfort, and warmiOffers of Hatid and
Tongue to serve her, she ferch'd a deep Sigh, and then opening the C6zal-
Gates of her Lips, brake Silence" in this manner, *Since these: Mtary
Mountains, {aid she, have not been able to'conceal me; but that my "Hair
*© has betray d me, 'it will be in vain tor me toplay the Counterfeit any longer
«* with you that can tell, I see, an Apple from an'Oyster,' And since you def
fire to hear the Rehearsa) of my Misfortunes, it would be an Ingratitude to
.©to repay Fo civil Offers with the Refusal of a lamentable'Story ; the Reahcarkal
of which will be lo far a Kindness to me, that thereby 1 shall make
© ye the equal Judges of my Condition. ;- -and' whether it'be possible for a
© Mind so diftrated as mine, ever to admit of Consolation' in this'World.
© There is one thing that, troubles me. more, that I must reveal to ye cercain
Secrets which Ihad thought to have bury'd with me in the Grave : But I am
forc'd to do it, that you may not think I parted with my Honour for the
fight of half a score Plays, or as many Sprizg-Ga#den Treatments; but at
the Price of more Vows and Proteftations then would fill a Church ; - and
© which, I make no Question, but that they will one day turn to the Ruine
©*of that treacherous Soul that made and broke 'em. Whenthe Damsel had
thus said. The Curate and his Company modestly left the young Madam
Epiceze to put on her Hose and Shoes, and tie up her Locks ; and having
found our a convenient Shade, fate down full of ExpeQation, Nor did the
Lady make *em stay a jor, but being as willing to be rid of ker Story, which
most distressed Ladies are, as they were to hear ir, she made all imaginable
Expedition ; only for fear she should be long in her Repetirion, first made
Water, and then taking her place, thus began:: O-1 |
<] was born in a certain City of Andaluzia, from which a certain Duke

© derives his Title, that entitles him to be a Grandee of Spair, My Father,
who is one of his Tenants, is none of the most wealthy Men in the Coun-
try ; and yet not so poor neither but: that if Fortune had equall'd his Birth
to his Estate, he could have wanted nothing more, and I perhaps hadne-
© yer been so miserable : For most afsuredly 'twas my Ruine that my Parents
« were not sufficiently illustrious. For Lords will marry Farmers Daughters
for Money ; but when they have got their Dust, chen they kick 'em our
© © their Beds, because they can't behave themselves, and complement like
©your Ladies born, forsooth. And yet my Parents were not so meanly
© born neither, that they should be asham'd of their Gentility. *Tis true,
© they have been Farmers from Father to Son, yet without any mixture of

| © Mle-draper or Tripe-woman : They are good old Christians, and their Antitquiry
in the Parish-book, together with their large Possessions, and the
t Port they live in, as having been Fore-men of the Grand-Jury for several
t Ages, exalts '*em above their Profession, and sets ?em above many Knights

- $and Squires i the World: Now I being their only Heiress, they lov'd me
« entirely, and loving me ctitirely, they left the whole house to my Difpo-
« {al. The Daity-maids, Cook-maids, Chamber-maids, wete all at my
« Command. I kept the Key of the Spice and Sugar, lock'dup the cold Ve-
mifon-Pasties; and Florentines : and in 2 word, I had my fall Swinge of

o by 4 .
hs —— Ins an

th 4 Y Y , x -Y -
© "The Life and: Atchievements of Pare.1.

+ Liberty and-Dominion::/-FThe time which T had to spare from over-looking

she:making of the-Butter and, Cheese, raising of Paste,feeding the Poultry,

» and such other Family-duties ; Iemploy'd in mendingmy FathersLinen;and
working new. Points for my Pinners; and Gorget to wear o' Holy-days; nor

. + did Tever eavermy. Work, unless it were sometimes to read alittle./in. Ar;-
Potles Problems, or the Lady's Calling, or some other - profitable Book;rand
\£now and then,'to. play a :Leflon upon: the: Virginals; understanding. that
1;£Myfick' was very proper to recreate the weary'd Spirits of either Sex. 'And

this was then the innocent Life I-led. ': : ! '{- Tart ov |

WhileI thus liv'd the life of a Nun, employ'd in my Huswifery,! not

seeing any body all the —_— but our own Family,and only to Church

-< and home again a Sundays, close at my Mother's::Heels, and-that {so

muffd and hooded, that I could scarce find my way: ; the Report went
abroad that I was very handsom, which was the Reason that Courtship
troubl'd the Tranquility of my Life. © For it seems that the Dukes second

© Son, -whose Name was Doz Ferdinand, had a sight of me, by what Acci-

<dent I know not, when I least dreamt of any such thing. -

Scarce. had Cardenio heard the Name of Doz Ferdinand repeated, when

he chang'd Colour, and discover'd such a Commotion of Body and Mind,
that:the Cyrate and the Barber were afraid he would have falln into one of
his mad Fits. But it did not come to that, he only set himseif to: consider
the fair Country-Lass, fixing his Eyes wistfully upon her, and viewing her
earnestly to see whether he knew her again; while she, :withour taking
anyfarther Notice of Cardenio's Disturbance, continu'd her Story.

He had no sooner seen me, said. she, but: as I was afterwards told, he

< felt'in-his Breast that violent Passion, of which he made me afterwards
so many Vows and Proteftations. In a word, not to tell ye a tedious Story
© of all his Complements, his Crown-pieces flew about the House like Birds
*1nanAviary. He, won all the Servants with his Money ; he made my Father
a thousand Offers of Court-preferment, and promis'd him the. Priviledge
©to whisper ! the King's Ear, like Mahomer's Pigeon; my Mother too, was
© to be Mother o? the Maids : I could not sleep all Night: for the Noise of
Fiddles at my Window, and every Day Feasting, and Fish-Dinners at the
Tavern. And then for your Billez-doux*s, as ye call *em, or little Love-
notes, full of Honey and Tenderness, passionate Oaths, Vows, Protefta-
tions, Submissions, and Imprecations ; I could have spar'd a Bushel to an
Apothecary to make up his Pennyworths of Dzoscord/ur ; but alas, 1 was
not then to-be tickld, like a Trout underthe Belly ; all his Sedulities and
© Flatteries were so far from winning my AﬀeQtion, that I hated Dox Fer-
© dinand like a Viper, and could have eat?n him with Salt. Not but that I
© was pleasd well enough, I must tell ye, with his Presents of Fessomiz
Gloves, and Ribbands, the Neck-lace, and Gold Watch that he gave me,
and was not alittle proud to find my self beloy'd by a Person of his Quali-
ty.., For Maidens are pleasd with Court-ship, and the most disdainful can-
<not but be alittle Complaisant to those that tell 'em they are handsom.
Brit:-the Disproportion | between' our Qualities was such, that Icould never
believe he courted me for a Wife, but: rather for a Miss ; and truly I was
brought-up too piously to be any man's Pleasure-boat, how great soever.
Nay, the very Admonitions of ly Father quite turn'd my.Stomach against
my. Lover; for he made a right Conftru&ion of Doz Ferdinand's Inten-

tions, and bid me have a are of him, 'as one+that sought his own Satis-
faQtion, ratherthtn.my Advantage; and' tho I say it, that:should not say it,

I was ascaeful of my Reputation as my Father could be for-his life. How-
HI ERS Ln ever

EDN” 290k. - ts, ORE 3s a, |
by v : ya « 'S" 3% re Ao v5 =” - Fa . ®, - 4
\ Z TOR "IRA MR AF "BY FT# Bog” Ply 4h ke 8-34 MY 4 SAY ES Meu one hs $1x _— 4 F04g
n £ x 60,0 x * 3 rd 2 | 7 Ge YT SYS THE [7 WNT 2 . $
£ ” a z SO * 8 _] 32% he Ss, £5 os $4; Fo 7-6 Sian PE 47; u A ener 4,4) 3%. $4 ” 1-BR on 3 Dn 2g f
A 4, N:7 f *P Mo r vs ed IN A SVs At $2 Hr IS AAS
s IT 2 SE OS 1. Yes, Ul IE pee” LAOS Do ena t 2
bo MCAS va. DU I WOE A OWE FT LY OS Ws 010 6 TOR Of. I 3 OP IST
Tf, 8 WO TOS AERO. 2 a oo 8 ON bs TT EY ne PANE] IL FES "©
2 4 b $I VP * 4544 - M4 — 0 Rey gn Wo. BIR FENCE >, SME, L [
E "4 . 3&0 ny LN 1 RIAA, $4.56 w #246; OREN; v2 4 48" TR
ik » « $I _— *% o \
oct [1 % AS Es » AY * F.-v 7 WW 4 va; x Fey” #-
; 5 " » 7 FREE Tn t

6 - 4 T4 AIRES gal 54+ *
þ d F. I

ever,

WES os

© poses. ri 1 8 1962 : opts 7c:
+ *One night therefore, when. I was in my Chamber with none but.a/Maid
that serv'd me; and the Door lock'd and bolted so fast, -that I would, ha' |
*{worn all the Bezzies in Town could not have unhing'd it, who should
© stand-just before me but D, Ferdinand. Which sudden and unexpeRted

Apparition put me into such a dreadful Amaze, that: my Joints were "
numm'd, my Senses forsook their Habitations, and my. very Speech was ; *

© frighted out of my Mouth. Thereupon D. .Ferdinana. taking the Advan- i
tage of my Weakness and my Astonishment, did: not, Vie say -that for .
him, offer me any Rudeness at that time, 'but clasping men his Arms, so

© be-moan'd me, so condol'd me, so my Poor-rog ud me, lo my Be-dear d me, "4
<forepented his Folly, so begg'd my Pardon, then blubber'd, then cry'd, _
then sigh'd, and so dextrously managd his Passions,” his Tears, and his ; - ol
© dillembl'd Kindnesses, that I being but young, and at that very Age, God | |

ismy Witness, when Maidens are most subje& to be deceiv'd, gave Cre-
dit to his Sobs and Sighs, that vouch for his Integrity ; so that his Sighs
and Tears, and Tears and Sighs, I say his bitter Moans and Lamentations
*2t length, Gentlemen, vanquish'd alittle my ReluQancy, and I began 1n
some measure to compassionate his Sufferings. Andyert for all that, when
F began to come to my self, my former Resolutions return'd ; and then
frowning, and louring, and pouting, and angry, as it became me, Sir, {aid
<1, if at the sametime that you give me all. these Testimonies of your At-
fe&ion, you will allow me the Choice either to love you, or poison 'my:
self ; I declare it, I would rather chuse Rats-bare, then'be your Landabrides3
for I would have ye to know, I prefer my Honour before my Lite.. .I know
< not what ye mean, Sir, by thus rudely. breaking into my Privacies, so pre-
© judicial to my Vertue. And therefore unhand me:quickly, ang. he gone,
© or elseas, I live, le cry out Murder— and then{ make no question, but all.
the Pitch-forks i' the Village will come to my Rescue, What ! becaule, my
© Father pays your Father a Quit-rent ; Iam;no Slave to. you, nor:your Fa-
©ther neither. Don't ye think to dazle. me with: your) fine Clothes, nor
« your gaudy Titles. For Lle not be a Mis, 49;ere zhuffing Lord of. ye, all.
Eam not to be caught by'fine words, L nate at bigh-tlowg.Gom-
Whew A

my" Faminotto hoileakly coaxd ont of my
my2Will'is folebylac my Fathet*s Dispasal):who-
Severmy Fartr tes rg Bri he'stheoMin'formyi Money. Therefore,
©$e; if you' woulthave me dblieve' yo hve: such areal Affeion; for me,
©Jeave haviiting: and teazing me thns to' ho: purpose» For since! lam: to0
heitt tobe your Wife, and:you' roo-great-to'be my/Husband,nere/pre-
erll'a' Kindress for me, thagtan: never befound-dtitheBottom: i How |!
Mis. Dorothy, cry'& the perfidius Feydinau#, cannot T'be your Husband® ?
Pray, where' s the Hind”rance;# you but say the word'?/ Tf that beall;Mrs.
© Dorothy, Vie marry thee presently, here's mythand-upo't— Andmay j be
bury'd without aclean Sr, 3f'1 dorft speak Truth {17 t bl 12
Cafdtnio was no tess sonpriz'e: at the Wame of Dororbg;: then he'was at
the Naine of D. Ferdinand; fot it confirn?d hin in the Suspicion which he
had at the Beginning of the' Story, However; he- would not: mrerrupt
an _— he was willing to hear the end of !i it. Onlythus much, said
your Natne Mrs. Dorothy—-? 1 have heard of a young Gentlewornan,
tins have a great Resemblancewith | yours. : E ha'done, Madats;
pray proceed— for I believe 1 shallquir scores bo ye.by and/by.

With that Mes. Dorothy made a stop'to study Cardenio's Face'; and''observing
him in such'a turterd Condition=- Pray, Sir, said-she; if 3 you:know
any thing that concerns me, let me know it presently ; for I am Proof a-
md all the Flails of Misfortutie,'' Nay'—-to'telt ye- truth, my :Misforortunes
have been such as have Yender'd'me-infensible; of all manner of fear.
My Name might be Griz/e-for my Patience. Faith; Madam, reply'd' Caride-
\ #iv, T would tell ye all that Iknow, and-perhips more then 1 know, Were
I sure my ConjeQures wers true,'''Bat 'tis rio'matter, Lady; "will be;t time
enough an hour hence; and thereforeT besteclilye proceed, |

Then Mrs. Doroth resuming her Piscourse:.'/Afrer a'thousand amorous
© Raptures and ReGtutibiis to'marry me, quo! she, Dow Ferdinand gave me
© his Hand; and having plighted'/his Troth to me, he rook a little Aongs Det
that was in my. Chamber, to be WitneB of the Contratt ; and confirm'd
© it with more Oaths'then a Boar:Kvain swears in a Storm. ': However;' be-
fore Fengagd my {elf too far, I advis'd him! to: have a care how be sus:
ferd an unruly Passion, and' a little Snout fairness ro hurry him ro his
Ruine;” "Be not fuck an ungracious' Rebel either to disgrace by incense

said T;'to see you tharry'd to a Person so! much below: your -
seetit'; and ler not'rhe heat of 'your Codpiece' transport ye'to-an Aﬀt, of
© whichthe Re efitatice' will at lenpch render me miserable.” And to these
© Ladded'fever x} other Arguments: all ro no purpose. © For Dox Ferdinand all
© Fire and Tow, bann'd Fachos, 'and Mother, .and all his Generation; and
© like # Renegado that never minds his Word, swore, he would sacrifice: his
© whole Pedigree'to- his AﬀeCtions for me. ' When I saw him & obftinate_

(bb Resolarions, 1 began'ts consider what T had to do. Thought I ©
If,'1 amy nor the I ob wont woes that has been-made a Lady ; I

Mrs eard of ani Finkeeper's Diuphter thar/became a Dutchess, and of |
© Diikes chat have 2dniitted Cindertwon <Bpas their Beds. ' Fortune offers me

y * Her: forelock, - 59 nopso nitey; thought T, that T should refute: to take hold

of 'it; 'Besides', 'Þ ami 'sure-D.' Ferdinand'is not the only Person r the

©Workd:thar has tnarty'd more foe Betuty then Quality or Merit. . Here% a'
Hnsbaid '6ffer'd' me; that swears; protelts, and vows. [tho unaltorable Buy-

sen-of: his Love! shall! be iatways*Fbine 171 Dearh, D. Ferdiwind; why
then/shoul 10 Doh « fog ineEithrough rough ucamish Coyaess Gnce Wo,

then Were not berg ? Fines this" for GA ? Ark

then

% 4 COD INV! FIAT Ln ps Tad RAIN 60 .
TROY 9+ TEC ES 96s WAIT INT 7 $ es "Hh
MO LOR Yi nk oF 3.9% # Mi; «PRES ON: EIT WS " * Cf * 2, *
bs ; Zh TM EISEES Ft oP Ce eider wlE 28875
$ SACS * TONES: oo E, 5
* » (IR. £ Y \ Tz WY We 7 {oe
LY YI * # | _ 5 f | Ie ba
{ % # : Y 3 OR oh s

wo ® , + #- mo * "» > . j 4
—_— Ce me mA met C70 25 I i EEE WOT AIR TOR Ares} ee —_ = — > nee IB > rs 7 Bon > :

5 \ \ ”_ ” X * , yl id To nh X % Z I «

ASL2eN\LwEXoOTE.
S IF + \ : JW? . | 4 & 5

y Ys » v3" n F " WW - ky . oy
ÞPook ® 1X

© {\3fe.alpge IF" Ferdinggd 'Y | | a io | | - | "1

ALTY, PAST

Mage ? T ly

L Burk
dawn far a. Glas of small Drink, buy there was farewel Frost =p Fae,

fe baskyo come.in, but hn wes a5 deirous, ro, be ons, For helides that
{my Maid posted; himawgy.,with all her Industry (for'chis Le tay. for her,

<fallame; and knew not well what Appellation I was to Gy my fit.
1}LLacted, NOT

b-,toge-
© ther, (tho | knew be went a; hunting every Dgy, and had Rtarteqd new Gaze

ight ;{0

TY ana ta—————n——_ = , Fa 1 oe. 7 IH 2. EO. Ix. EOS ORE [OI OOs

The Life and Atchievements of =

WE: g 4 £ ”
g E Wy ov; y
pe ' - G f - k s f4
jo; 7 , pb,
iy % "RY ” - s , > 2.
y s : «& k ” L0 Y 8
o gy has

'$that had 1d my Honpur' for Lo of new Stides and Stockins , and how
'«Jangetous'a thing. it.i$to confide either in Men'or Maids. 'I exclaim'd a-
©oainst D. Ferdin4yd; Tieft nota Sigh 1 my Lungs, -nor a Tear my Eyes
*2ndyetcould receive” no Consolation.” - And yer Tfound there was'a Nece(-
© fity for: me to conceal my Resentment, for fear my Father! and Mother
- © shotild take me into Examination: But at length I perceiv'd *ewas in'vain
W --- © counterfeit, for I could no longer hold, when Theard that 'D. Ferdinand
E: was marryd i the next Village, to a handsom, compleat, young Damsel,

whose Name was Lucinda. N03 0 124+ Cy,
The Naine of Lycinds had like to have put Carden into his'frantick Firs,
but as good luck would have it, he had such a Command of himself at that
time, that he only shrugg'd up his Shoulders, bit his- Lips, and knit his
2 Brows, and then fell a' weeping, as if his Father's Mannor had wanted Rain:
Which Mrs. Dorothy not minding, as believing his Tears were not shed for
her fake, went on with that which more concern'd her. © This News
ttripp'd me stark naked of my Patience ; Rage and Despair took Livery
© and Seifin o' my Soul, and in the Transports of my Fury I was about tohave
© oublish'd D. Ferdinands Dilloyalty, tho to the Discovery of my own Shame.
' ©] know not whether any Remainder of Reason stoppd these violent Motions,
but if it did I was so drunk with Passion, that I did not perceiveir.
Well— at length I discover'd the Cause of my Grief to a young Shepherd
that servd my Father : Idelird him tolend me his'Sunday's Clothes, and
togoalong with me to the Village where I knew 'D. Ferdinand was. The
Shepherd, poor fellow, told me, there were more Maids then Mankin,
and nsd the best Arguments he had, to hinder me from what I was going
about, but finding I was resolv'd'upon the Point, he afsur'd me he was ready
©to serve me. Therevupon Iput on this Habit which you see, made'up my
Pack, which consisted of some old Gold and Plate, which my God-mothers
©hadleft me, several Fairings in Thimbles, Bodkins, and Gold Rings; a
a round Bag of Thirteen-pence-ha-penys, Nine-pences, Groats, and Four-
pence-ha?-penys (for 1 kept all my Father's Butter-Money )- some few
Sutes of Night clothes ; and so about Midnight away the Shepherd and
©Itrudgd. In two Days and a half we got to the Village, where thefirst
thing I did, IT enquir'd at the Sign of the Cock; a sorry Ale-house, where
© one Mrs. Lacinds's Father liv'd ? Twas an ordinary Question, but it pro-
ducd a great deal more then I had a desire to know. For presently the
cr * Man o' the House told me there had been a great Wedding at Mrs. Lacin-
* 42s House, and that so publick, that 'twas the whole Discourse of the
Village: Withal, he told me what Favers they had, what Money Dozr
s * Ferdinand gave the Ringers to drink, and a thousand more Circumstances,
thar made me so mad, 1 could have tore the Hair from my Head. He told
mefarther, how that Mrs. Enci:nda iwoon'd away 'when she said, Yes, ar
_ ©what time the Priest-ask'd her, Whether she would have D. Ferainand to
© her wedded Husband ? Andhow that he; after he had cut her Lace to give
©her'more room to breathe, found a Letter under her own hand, wherein
-©she declar'd, that'{he could not be D. Ferdinand's Wife, because she was al-
ready contraCted to one Mr. Carderio, a-Gentleman of Quality, living i'the
W-- <*same Village ; and that she had only consented to that Marriage in obedi-
enceto herFather. Moreover' he told me, that Mrs. Lacinds would have

 . ©kilPd her self after the Ceremony was over, which appear to be true b
DAY er that was Tound about Her; and' that D. Ferdinand, mad to see
himself so deluded, would have kill'd her himself, had. he not been pre-.

vehred-by'those that were in the Room.” "He told me moreover, that D.
48013-..'. = | | Fer-

FS J Ha k Frop.? TR, -
Ss Ss FF, be: SOFT” IS” 3 eg
5 F - vw Se Yet Sy oy if EY REN? SA NY LOS. ;
Mins my Sy Py - «Y £ ot * ue "ts; - AY c 9 hs We "0 F &: - 4
(LIED es paw 4 Ws Pe a CI OE On ©
DIO RN, C * "s fg JN HE 7 -
ey 2 I G ;

pb . om bo CE EE NNERE IS CEN

4 . . # : 6 _ . : . - _ - - ry
g # 78. ts % h lis 17 s .9F k
PP | JM " + x a 0. "> SET ” & 289 \, w_ Fe” 2 Mn Gard en YR” ara 4 > ae et W514 io - OR
% : ” % y > . _, . o 6 » . 7
be To . wg
k k \ 0 % ; | Y | 4 4
WY R , \ wa, + & & ” & $% : i
; | ; | - 4 i | BR, 4 My *., "I : : r- a4 je : Y
q *m , C4 | 'N N mY ws - E
by ” x wv, Os er es. er et » ——— 44:20 was —— 4 F
k- : Wnmantinaditner; - _ yy A Se PO TRE "9 9 rC r

not, 'come to her sell t

© edVing a Letter'beh

as I expeQted to have enjoy'd ; which you cannot blame me, if I spar'd for
no Pains or Labour to retrieve. But while I was ruminating what. to do,
there was a Hye and Cry came after Mrs. Dorothy. For by and by I heard
Proclamation made ? the Street, and great Rewards were promisd'to any
that could bring Tidings of Mrs. Dorothy. There I heard my Person, my
© Clothes, my Age describ'd, even to the very Mole under my Ear, and the
© Dimple 2 my Chin, asif they had study'd nothing but Advertisements; and
nothing vex'd me, that the Report was, That the poor Shepherd that went
along with me to carry my Bundle, had carry'd me away with an Intention to
marry meat Paxcrass or Mary-bone,as if I had beensuch a Fool to be stole by
my Father's Plough-boy, or to run away with a meer Swain, like a young

Girl enveigl'd by the Darcing- Master from a Boarding-School;, which trou-

bl'd me extremely, that my Father should have such low Thoughts of his
Daughter that was hunting after another sort of Game. Thereupon, see-
ing it was in vain to look any longer for D. Ferdinand, I made all the haste

I could, with my Shepherd, out of the Village, fearing lea the Tempta-_

tion of the promisd Reward might allure the young Lad to betray me.
Being got out of the Village, we never look'd behind us, but like Appren-
tices that have out-stay'd their time of a Sunday's Evening, we straddPd
along so fast, thar before Night we were got into the most desert and foli-
© tary part of all this dreadful Mountain, where I think, it the Devil were in
Search of us, he could never find us. And thus, tho D. Ferdinand has not
© done the Duty of a Husband, 1 ha* done the Duty of a Wife, in forsaking
F Father and Mother to follow him, to whom I thought I had been as good
as marry'd. : | | <3 RYE A ge

However, I cannot say, but that in the midst of all these-my Misfortunes,
©] had alittle good luck, or else y' faith I had paid dear for looking after
« D. Ferdinand. For that same young Varlet of a Shepherd, that I brought
« along with me, whether it were ont of Kindness, because he found me in
sucha taking for a Husband, or whether it were through an ill Custom
© that he had learnt among my Mother's Milk-maids ( tho' one would have
© thought his short Commons, and hard Travel, all the while he was with
© me, should have brought down. his Courage) this young Princock, that

yott

904 + 3 0 Fo IT POP

| {Qpportunity be thought he had then in

you would have thought couldnor ha? said Bo,za.@ Goose,began to talk to me
af Love. For you know the Proverb, . Ippartanit makes, a Thief ; and this

Qx is Hands, while I was all alone
ag\ from Help; and he as Lusty as he was Rampant, and as Rampant as

he-was Lusty. Ye sawcy Rascal, quo I, .how-dare you talk thus impu-

© dently. to your Master's Daughter ? What, . nothing bu up and ride

Will nothing but white Bread serve your turn? Tho I haye mist God's Bles-
sing, don't you think, Sirrah, that I take you for the warm Sun, | Upon
« this, the Roagamufsin of a Shepherd, perceiving there was no good to be
<* done by fair means, began to fumble with my Codpiece ( for had no Coats
© to-pull up) and swore he would feel in his own Breeches. S'life ! what,
© nothing but naked Violence, ye Dog, quoT! and with that, re-doubling
« my Strength, Ipush'd him down a Rock as high from the Ground, I be-
© lieve, as the Dragon upon Bow-Church ; and I make no Question, but be-
© foxe he came to the Ground, his Domicils of Concupiscence were well
*{quash'd. For my part, I never look'd to see what was become of him,
a retir'd as far as Icould into the thickest part of the Wood to secure my
The next day I met with a Countrey-man, who took me to his House
ina Village seated at the foot of the Mountain, and employ'd me in the
nature of his Shepherd, with whom I tarry'd a Month, till he with his

© Colt's Tooth in his Head, having discover'd me to be of che Female Sex,

« would fain ha? beenat the same Sport as my Father's Man ; which was the
Reason that I left him'two days ago, and rambl'd hither, resolv'd to seek
out some place where I might have the Freedom to bewail my 'Misfortunes,
© tilt better luck should befall me, or compassionate Heav'n put an end to my
miserable Life.

Our rey _—_ A, LC

CHAP. II.

Where perhaps you may meet with something worth your Reading.

Ground, were certain Sos of the Discomposure of her Thoughts. And

<3 i } so
FE; , v4 ” P
TA ny + wr ; S
WW Tg 5% & I Rs a : Ae « :
Ih Saf "3" ow. Fg ke X"- oy £4 $44 7
! 1, F: 6+ hp Bt We G0, ; g'. 0s
5A 1 s ' DNS 29-49 1-68 js jet we 6
at - : OI et Kh ps VO þ WY
me Nis DEAT OE. BAT
{ Wo es

L f on ; "I , , af
ep By = ALF. LDR 0 Ys #7 © ef» & Ne Ip 0 e Was - =
od 4, IS 6. 53 eB Ws = P
po *F 3 3 4 _ - 6:4 FY w,04 ,

Book IV. The Renowned Don Qur1xorTE.

so unjust ly and treacherously abandon'd by the Person that had robbd her
of all her Wealth. However, they found that the Lord had been so kind
asto leave her all the Charms of her Wit and Beauty : Which wrought so
efseQually upon the Cvrate,” that he was ready to have giv'n her a Homily
of Consolation, when Cardezio more full of History then Ale, made bold: to
Interrupt him. How, said he ! Are you that pretty Mrs. Dorothy, the only
Daughter of the wealthy Clezard ? Mrs. Dorothy strangely sarpriz'd to hear
her Father's Name in the Mouthof such a Tatterdemallion, as it he had been
his Pot-Companion— Well, what then, quo she? Pray, who are you that
know myFather so well ? *Tis well known my Father has born all Offices
i the Parish, from the Scavenger to the Church-warden, and is now 1 the
Commission o? Sewers. Alas, Madam, quo Caradeno ! Iask for no harm —
my Name is Cardezio, at your Service, that unfortunate Cardezio, that had
Lucinda's Faith in keeping; the very He that she said was her. Husband :
That miserable Cardenio ! ( and then he fetch'd a Sigh enough to have turn'd
a Wind: mill for four Hours together ) that miserable Carderio ! whom D.
Ferdinand's Treachery has despoild of all his Wits, and all his Wardrobe together.
IT am the Man, sweet Mrs. Dorothy, that was the unhappy Eyewitness
(your Information was right, I assure ye) of the fatal Nuptials of
D. Ferdinand; and who from that time, full of Trouble and Terror, abandon'd
my'self to despair, believing I had for ever lost my dear Lucinda. I
saw D. Ferdinand take a Letter out of her Bosom, but not CO it would
do me a hap'orth a' good, nor being able to brook my; Misfortunes, I
slang out o? the House, with a Resolution to go. and hang my self. But
Heaven has preserv'd me, I see, to venture my Neck upon a better score.
For having thus made known to me the Justice of your Cause, and Lucirdas
Loyalty, Ile pick up my scatter'd Wits again, quo he, and find out

that Traitor ofa Lord ; and thol hang fort, cither Fle kill him, or he sball
kill me, but Fle force him to do the fair Mrs. Dorothy Justice, if Reason and
Generosity will not oblige him to it. And this, added he, 1 swear todo by

the faith of a Gentleman and a Christian. Lord ! Mrs. Dorothy was so ra- ©

vist'd with Joy to hear she should be a Lady again, for all her Misfortunes,
that she fell down at Cardezio's feet, and would have kissd his Worship's
Toe, but that Cardezvio was more a Courtier then to let her.

\ On the other side, the Cxrare tinding he had now two Texts to preach upon,
highly applanded Cardezio for his Generosity,and extolld Mrs. Dorothy to
the Skies for her Gratitude. He also very handsomly invited Mrs. Dorothy
to go along with him home to his House and rest her self there for some
time ; .and that inthe mean while they would there consult together which
was the cleverest way to find out D. Ferdinand; and how to lay their Designs
for the best ; nay, the very Barber too'put in for a share, offering Mrs, -
Dorothy to be her humble Spaniel to fetch and carry for her at any timeof.the
Night or Day, whatever she defir'd. He farther added, That if she were
afraid of the Sall-Pox, as having put her Body out of order with hard Labour
and Conrfe Diet, he would let her Blood by way of Prevention, and
it should not cost her a Farthing. of IM ABA Y EL

Aﬀer these more theri ordinary Civilities paid to fair Mrs. Dorothy, the
Barber acquainted Cardenio and Mrs. Dorothy with the Design which had
brought the Curate and him to that Place, and gave 'em an Account of Doz
Cuixote's Extravagancies, whose Squire they staid for, a Shatterbrains, altogether
as fit for Bedlam as his Master. © © 4-4 op

Presently they heard a fellow whistle through his fingers, as if he had
been jugging a Company of Foot-padds =; By and by he fella TR

The Life and Atchicvements of "Part EK

and Hollving, as.if he had born Malice-to his own Lungs. Oh— yonder he
is, I hear him, quo the Carate 3 and with that, he destw'd the Company that.
they might goand meet him, For truth to tell ye, {aid he, the Bandy. *

leg d Rogue knows not where to find us, having miss'd us at the place ap»
pointed. When they wereall together the Crate ask'd. him what was be.
come of Dox Quixote? Wherever. he 1s, Sarcho, I found him in his
Shirt, as pale as a stale Flounder's Belly, as lean as th' Anatomy in St. Joha's
Colledge-Library, ready to.expire for Hunger, yet fighing like an.gld Wo+
man at.a Meeting house for his dear Lady Dulcinea. He repeated her Commands
to return and have one tumble more 1 the Straw in Tohoso Barn,
and acknowledg'd her Commands were to be obey'd more exattly then those
of the Grand Signtor or Persian Monarch ; but then he fell a flamping, and
staring, and Swearing, and damming, and vowing never to see her Beauty
more, till he had perform'd some great Atchievement, that might deserve
her favour. So that if my Master, added Saxcho, lead this life a Fortnighr
longer, the poor Squire must loose all his Hopes, since *ris impossible tos
him to be either Emperor, or King, or so much as an Arch-bishop, which
was the least he could pretend to, if Heaven spard him his Life. Ne'rs
trouble thy self, Saxcho, quo the Cyrate , we'll have bim home again
in spite of his Teeth; and then turning to Cardeazo and Mrs. Dorothy, he
inform'd *em what a Plot the Barber and he: had. contriv'd to: cure Day
Quixate, orat least to get him home tq his House and Family once moxe;;
and then if he would ramble again, the Devil ramble with him, and aftex
him, for them. \ |

Mrs. Dorothy, whom the fresh Hopes of being a'Lady, had: put into. one
of those frolick Humours, when she us'd to give her Father's Chaplain cetd
Pigg, wasas arch, and as ready for her Kue, as eyer she had; been to. ftrew
itching Powder i the Spectacle-maker's Wedding-Sheets, and undertook to
aQ the distressed Lady her self, to save the Barber the trouble of disguising
himself, as being one thar had not only aRed the same part so lately her felt,
but had spent many a Night at horge in reading Books of XK xight: Extantry,
wherein ihe was therefore well $skill'd. Briskly offer d, Madam, quo the
Curate, we'll take ye at your ward ; and now let's to work as fast as we can.
Presently Mrs Dorozhy opend her Pack, andtook out her Woman's Apparel.
How came it there, youl say ? Ask no Questions for Conscience-sake ; the
Story put it 1n, and that's enough. More then that, *twas' a Manteau of
flower'd ..Satin, with. a Petticoat of, Silver upon.a Ground of. green Silk,
Nay, there was a Neck-lace of Pearl too 1 the Cale, a white Tower, and
leveral Gewgaws of the same Natyre. You see now how soon a Historian
can go into Pater-Noster-Row, buy the Stuff, send it to the Taylors, have
it made and.put on. And now she that was a young Lad bur alittle before,
appearsto, be a 17; gaudy Lady; So lovely too inthe Eyes of Cardeaio, the
Curate and the Barber, that they all stood in Admiration, that D. Ferdizavd
{should be such a Rascal to abuke her as he had done ; swearing witha), that
he would be glad to make shift with many a worse before he dy*d.

But. he that most admird Mrs. Dorothy, was'Sancho, he had almost gaz'd
his two Eyes out: with looking. upon her, and wanted two more-to fatisfic
hisenamourd fancy.:. For Heaven's-sake, quo he, to the Carate, What Lady
is this. ?, Make. no Enquiries, Saxcha, quo the Curate. This Lady droppd
out of the Clouds but a quarter of an Hour ago, -and is the only Heiress in
a direCt Line to the vait Kingdom of Micomicon ; she is now come to-implore
your Noker to a(lft her, and revenge her of an Injury done her by adamn'd

22 ofa Whore Giant, who, as they say, .isthe most famous and diParger

rs | = | Robber

Fr. TY EET RT «0A res” a» 4a, tt 4

OL IT ed ee AS EE Te EO ED ENCES OCT ET "WE UCP REERET IT CEO 29 CANO TH WIG TI ;
L . ” deal
Y e k » . «x [5 » fs 3 - » f & Ky R
P ; | $) N ? u | , ;
\ - \ hy , pp . p- KL " = ;
by R—_ - 0 Oe $ þ C v > Is : > Tv. y26 d PO IP a — . —— C 4 Bec. if V #

Robber in all G4#cy, All m govt time; the's heartily weltotrel, ory'd
Stecho, (he was happy in seckitipy bur far tnore happy infinding-—Welome
Joan Sanders — weloome— welcome. Now 1t-my Master can be 1b
py as to kill this. Monster with thirty Ribs of aside, we are all anade for
ever. I must confess he's alittle out-o* Case at. present ; but if I hat
Wili and Money enough, a? should edt noching but Marrow-bones and
Chines of Beef 3 for second Oburse nothing but flew'd Oysters, Potato,
and Erynpo's, and drink nothing but No:21ghwedlk and Chocolate fot this
Month together, 'andrhen ft fi but drink a good Mornings: Dratght uponthe
Day of Batre), and you shall see him” piss down the Giant. On the
other side, Mr. Caraze, be you sure that 'this Mafsy Giant do mot prove an
Apparition ; for wpon my faith, I know i by Expermetice, my Matter has' no
Power over Apparicions ; an Apparition will make him run, as some of your
Hetors will runfrom a Custard held out upon the point of theit Adversa-
Ties Sword, But Mr. Crate, quo Szxchv, T have one favour more to beg of
ye— For the Lord's sake, be sure to put my Master out of conceic with all
Arch-bishopricks; for what shall Igetby his being an Arch-bishop ? Iknow
not whar to do i the Charch; I can hardly say my Prayers, much lets do 1
know when to cry Ames, or how to set a Psaty. | And therefore to rid me
of all my fears,. and bar up the Church Doors eternally against him, perfwade
him to marry this Princess, and thar you know will bring ihim into
the high Road to be an Emperor, ora King at teaft. * Besides, here's such
an Opportunity put into his Hands, as if the Heavins thetnselves had design'd
him him for a Throne. And therefore, I say, Jet him cast off all
Thoughts of an Arch-bishoprick ; and before he ashtt this Princess, advise
him to make his Bargain wisely, and to get it under Hand and! Seal-——
she't lie with him before-hand, I warrant ye, to be rid of chis viliainous
Giant— and then you may be sure she*ll nere refuse him miartiage— Pray,
Mr. Carare,” what's her Name, that I may know what co call her when the's
my Mistress 2 They call her, quothe Carare,' the Princess Aicomicona:: But
her Kingdom being calPd Miomicon,' I know not whether {bs derives
her Name from her Kingdom-, or her Kingdom from her. [She from
the Kingdom, no doubt, quo S$ezcho ; forthe __—_ must of fiecessity be
ancienter then she; seeing that if her Father had not ' been King of Mrrowicon,
she could not,as Heiress, have been Princess of Micaaicon. Law-ye-now,
Mr. Craze, I am so much a Schollard, as ro nnderstand that : And therefore
I am apt to believe it is a Law i that Conntrey, that' the eldest Daughters
must always carry the Name of the 'Kingdom, and that chey have been
calld Micomicond's ever since 'twas a Kingdom ; that was before Julins Cefars
rime. 1 warrantye some of the Herald-Painters at the back-side of the
Exchange could resolve this Riddle ; but *ris no matter at present Pray,
Mr. Crate, mind the main Chance. Thou speak'it like a' man of Reason,
Samcho, quo the Curete, and a prudent Councellour ; and The affare thee,
since thou haft hit ont so lackily, Pte protmote:the March tothe utmost o' my
Power. Which Promise of the Carve gaveigreat SatisfaCtion tothe faithful
Squire, who sought nothing more then his Master's Interest. 27 +
By this time Mrs, Dorothy was moumed upon the Parion's Mule; so that
now'the Barbey,having most artificially re-transmogrifyd his Fromaipiece
with tiis faltss Beard, nothing remaia'd'bur to renew: their Adownitons ro
Saxcha, 10'take'care how he spoil'd a-good Por, by raking che ass Cogni-
2zance of his Acquaintance, which would berhe Raine both-of allhis' Hopes,
and his Master'sBmypire. As-fos Cardeniv, be © tx berter to catry be+
hind; for befitesrhar, it wits rent of hisConmtern, he LE: nt
ty | V 5 cudgelld,

ith -£*

CEE CCNTIETT 20 CONTI ICT LEGS FRO i

1 The Life and Atchievements of Partk

Cudgell'd, if Don ie, knowing -him again; should go about to revenge
the thump he had giv'n him upon the Breast a little before. The

Curate also, finding no need of his assistance, resoly'd to stay with Carderio.

Only the Princess Mcomicona, her Squire, and the great Sancho, set forward.
X [oe (1s £44 9M. d
After they had jogg'd fair and softly on'for about three quarters of a
League, they spy'd Dor Quixote among the Rocks, having by this time
made himself ready, if he might be said to be ready without his Armour.
Presently Mrs. Dorothy, understanding that he was the Person, whipp'd on
her Palfrey ; and when she drew near Doz Q»ixote, her Squire alighted,
and took her from her Saddle. No sooner \vas she upon her feet, but she
was as soon upon her knees before the Knight ; at what-time embracing his
Thighs, in spight of all the Champion's Lord ! Madam's, Pray Magdars, I beseech
yee Madami's, Good Madam's, What a” mean: Madani's,* to the contrary.
«Most Valiant and Invincible Knight , {aid she, never will I rise from this
place, till your Generosity has granted me a Boon, which will redoundto
your Honour, and the Relief 'of the most untortunate and most afflited
Lady that ever the Sun shone upon. And indeed, '1f it be true what Fame
©refounds abroad to distant Nations of your Valour, and the strength of your
Arm, you are bound by the Laws of Honour and. the Knighthood: which
you profess, to succour a miserable Lady, that ;led by -the loud Fame:of
your Great Atchievernents, comes from the: t'other end of the World to-
jmplore your Protection. 7 Thi
Madam, reply*'d Don 2uixote, T was neither born at Hoggs-Norton, nor
at Taunton-Dean, that I should be such a Clown to talk to so fair a Lady,
kneeling to my Person. _ Rise therefore, Madam, and deliver your Commands
to your Servant upon equal Terms. No, most Illustrious Knight, my
knees shall first grow to the Ground, reply'd_the afflicted Princess, unless
you shall be pleasd to grant me the Favour which I humbly request. 1 grant
it then, fair Lady, quo Dox ste, provided it be nothing to the disservice
of my King, my Country, and that Matchless Beauty that keeps the Key
both off my Heart and Liberty. My Honour, cry'd the mourntul Lady, lies
at stake;; *tis quite another busnefss. With that Saxcho cloling up to his
Master, and whisp'ring him in the Ear, *Slife, Sir, grant it, — grant it; I
tell ye —'tis a Trifle; nothing but to kill a pitiful lowsie Giant-——- He is
not above four yards about, and fourteen foot: high ; ye may push him
down with a Taylor's Bodkin —— And she that implores this favour at your
Hands 1s''the Princess Micomicona, Queen: of the great Kingdom of Mzcomicox
in Ethiopia. Let her be what she will, reply'd Do» &ixote, Tle'do
what I please; and what my Conscience, and the Rules of my Profession
oblige me'to. And then turning to the Lady, Rise, Madam, I beseech
ye, cry*d he, I'grant ye the Boon which your Illustrious Beauty Commands.
Alas, Sir, the Courtefie which I beg from; your Magnanimous Valour ,
matchless Knight, reply'd the Lady, is only this 3 That you will be pleasd
to go along with me whither I shall condutt ye,;. and promise me not to engage
10 any other Adventure, till you have-aveng'd me'of a Traytor. that
Usurps my Kingdom, 'contrary: to. all Law, both Divine 'and Humane;! I
promise ye, most Illystrious Lady, the utmost ovf;my Aflistance; and'ithere-
forebe of good comfort, and chase impertinens:;Sadness from. your Heart ;
for by the Aid of Heaven and this my-strong Arm, 1doubt not but to xeftore
ye to:your Right, maugre all the + oaks 74; Iakubs that dare oppose
me. Let us then hasten our Performance ;Pelays are dangerous, Madam,
and are many times: the disappointment: of great Atchievernents: With
5 + 07 4 3.4: #296 Bn | | that

Book IV. The Renowned Dox QuixoTtst. , 149+

that the Princess did all she could to have kifsd his Hand; however he that
was so much a Knight, a Gentleman, and a Courtier, would by no means
suffer such a Submission in so great a Lady : But having raisd her up upon
her feet, embrac'd her with a most Majestick Grace ; and at the fame time
calld to Saxcho for his Arms; Presently Saxcho went and shook ?em down
from a young Ash, where they /hung as if it -had been. an Armour-Tree.
And now Dozx &#aixote being like a Heater in a Smoothing-Irn, all compleatly
Cas'd, Come on, said he, let us go and succour this Illustrious Princess,
and employ the Strength-and Courage Heav'n has bestow'd upon Us,

to the Ruine of -her Enemies. Th - 9526

The Barber, who was all this while upon his knees, and had enough to
do to keep a Guard upon himself, for fear of Laughing, or letting fall his
Beard, which would have been the utter ruine of ihe whole Design, seeing
what hast Doz 2«ixote made to be gone, rose up, and. taking the brinase
by one Hand, while Doz 2uixote took her by the other, they both together
fer her upon her Mule. Then the Izvizcible mounted; his Prancing Ro-
fnazte; at what time the Barber also bestradling his Mule, they began to
jog on. Only poor Sancho, methinks my Heart bleeds for him, was forc'd
to walk a foot; and such was the barbarousness of ' the rugged Stones,
that they took no Compassion upon his tender Toes, which made him fetch
many a heavy ligh for his old Ass again. ' However, he took his misfortunes
patiently, seeing his Master in so fair.a way to be {addenly an Emperour.
For he made no question but he would Marry the Princess,.and
that at least he would be King of Mzicomicoy. But:there was one: thing
that disturb'd the pleasiire of his pleasing Dream, and that was this :, That
his Master's Dominions were to be in the Land of. the Negro's; and that
the People, over whom he was to be a Governour, were all to be Moors.
But for this he presently found out an Expedicnt of Consolation. What
care I, quo he, tho they be Moors? So much the better. ?Tis but giving
notice of a Negro-Fair at such a place, 1 the Office where Maids go to enquire
after Services, and I shall ha* Customers ' enow for the Plantations :
They?l take off at least a Hundred Thousand a Year, and prevent the Trade
of Kidnapping, and Spiriting of Children; which must of neceslity-turn
+ to a good Account, and bring me in a good round Sum, . with which I may
be able to retire,' and live at Peace-! my Old Age ; leave” forty {shillings a
Year for Wheaten Loaves, to be given to the Poor. o' Sundays ; | and ten
Pounds a Year toward a weekly fix a Clock 1 the Morning LeQture-Sermon ;
then die, and be set up with my Wife and Children in a kneeling posture
against the Wall of the Parish Church. - Why, quo he, what 1it-I am not
so Book-learn'd.as other Men ? Does there want so much Philosophy to sell
t£wo.or three hundred thousand Slaves?! Pox — I don't intend to make
sach a long bus'ness on't; let 'em een go--higgle-de-piggledy , little and
great; what tho they be as black as the Devil in Hell, -Vle transform 'em,
Fle warrant ye, into white and yellow Money : And now.do'you burrell me,
whether I don't know how to lick my own fingers ?. Fall of these tickling
Imaginations, Saxcho trudgd-along, .charming away the pain and anguish
of travelling a foot. G32. foo: FE
All this while ,the Curate and Cardenio had beheld the Pleasant Scene
through the Bushes, and were at a great loss what- they should do to joyn
Companies. Bur the Curate haying bethought himself of an Expedient ,
pull'd his Sciffars out! of his/Pocket 5; and, after be had snipp'd off Cardenio's
Beard; made him put on his;Cafsock and Cloak, while: he remain in Caerpo
only with his Doublet andiBreeches. In which new Garb Carden was io
xangely

—_— en name nar EET
ne nnnns men

The Life and Atchievements of ' Firs}

Rirangely alter'd; that-he did nos look like the fame Man) Thisidone, away |
they: made- to the High-way, and! there sthy'd, till Do» 44:xore and(his
Company- were-got: clear of: the Mountain. When they' came near, and
that- Pon Znixore made a stop» at: the sightr-of strange Faces; the Curate
bold with a wiftful Eye upon Dox Q#:xote, as- one-that'was- in-a study
whether he migtit not- know- him or nos whict- PassioniVeing- over; like
one/that hadimade-a-Discovery , He ran towardi Dow Qurxore with' open
Arms, crying- oat, Mirror- of' Chivalry; welÞmet.—— my- dear:Country®
man, - Don 2n+xote- de 1a Mancha, .1s:thero sucli a: man-aJive,, the Cream-and
Flower of. Courage; the Bulwark of the weak-and'aflicted; and Crintes<
fexce of Knight-Errantry?' Lord!' how Iamover joydtosbe your Worship ;
and so saying, he ran-to. im, and'embrac'8'His- left Leg with * sucky an Affetion,
that he-could not forbear to-dtop some few-Tears'upen his Spurleathers.
Dev: Quixote. admiring what-Adorer-of' his: Princety"\Verrues this
shoulbe; ftard himii? the face, like-a-PiQture-drawer ;| and after He had
examin'd'every-Lineament, at length calling- him-again ito mind; would
fain have alighted. But the Curate hindring him; Worthy:DoGtor, cry
he, I beseech ye let me not be-so rnde, to'fit'o? Horse-backy while/you area
foot. Sir, you shall by no means alight, quo the Curate: Ifdefire' your
Higliness to keep your Saddle; twill be Hogour enough- tor m&eto Hold by
the-Tail of one of your Males, if your*Company wilÞ pernvc me: Twill
be the: same thing-to-me; as if I'were mounted wpon'P?ensrm; or: the Wild
Mare of-the/Famous Moor-Mysarake, who+lies Enchantedim the drearie Ca
vern- of- Oakje Hole, wr the Province of Syarertormrs. Vorgive me, worthy
Dottor, reply'd. the Knight, you: speak; with\'a-Humlity: becoming your
Coat, and pive.an Example to many. that-never mind 36; bur {zypose the
Princess-will be {1o:-kind,as to Command her:Squire:ro:lend'ye his Satfdie;and
to-ride beliind 'hinfelf, if 'the- Beast'be bur! accustom'd; as: somes Nayions
Wives; to- carry double, My Beast 'carries:double; without, all 'ddnhbt, re-
9 plydthiePrincebs ; and/ my Squire, (I suppose, wilt notsstay* for 'my Com-
mands to'offer-the Doftor- his Saddle : He is:better: breÞ off himself; ther
to sifler an-Feelefiastical Person: to-go a: foot; while: he rides) Most*certainly,
reply'd the Barber; and presently alighting, presented: his: Saddle to
the Curate, who accepted" of it: without moreientreaty.. By- accident the
Mule-was-a hir'd Beast; thatis, in plain -Exglish, w skirtish-resty [Jade : S6
that the Barber was no:{ooner got-behind theQurace, but:she- gave'rwo or
three sock yerks: with:her hinder-Leps; that: the Barber, fearing to enddnger'the:Propagation
of His-Family, was fore to fling: himself off herback;
Is to- save his: Perquisits: of: Generation. And-perceiving-that he-had' lost lis
Beardi the fall; he could nov rhink of! any better-way:then'to clap/hishand

before his Chaps; andicry out-as loud as ho could-yaut; thatthe had broken .
his Jaw-bone. H&avns bless me;; quo- Do: B;xoe:, beholding sack an
aver-prown farbush oÞ a Beard withour-a:Chin, heres the eighth'Wonder
of ithe-World; Dnever:{aw a jp jet Beard {6 cleverly takn' off without
4Wash-ball and Razor, since'i ifirft read my* Primer; Presently the Curate;
perceivinp-the terrible dingerthey:- were: ig ofia Plot-speyhng-Difeovery,
caught up the Beard, and running to the Barbery- who;-lay- aH'the
while heavily bermoaning his Chapps, laid'the Barber's Head to his: Breast,
andthen-muttering certain'words, 'which he slid/ were a/Charemtin: 7344h4-

3 iivs,. PECL zliar forthefiftming onapain of ia dis Beard; Bud it on again {0
cxattly; thar- the:Burber was «ag nd agever liewss beforer” Which pus
Den Quixote ifnto's say greater Aftonifhinent; iafrmuch'(thitledefird the

Curate very-seriously-toteachhinvthe Charn;- whes tiewasarmore leisure

BookIV. The Renowned Dox Quixore.

Not doubting but that the Vertue. of fiich a Charm. extended "INE ther

to the fastning of Hair, since 'twas impossible that such a. prodigious Beard:
could be torn off, without fetching away Flesh and a}; so that sich a sudden
Cure might avay} him.upon the rending. off a Eimb.from his Body, should
{ach. a Misfortune at any time: befall him.

And now all things being 10 fats quo, it was so order'd, That the Cnrate
{hould ride alone by himself, and that Cardexio- and the Barber should relieve
one another, sometimes riding, sometimes walking by Turns, till they came
to their Inn, which was about two.Leagues off, The Princess and the Carate
being thus mounted,” and Cardenio, the Barber and\Sancho, being a-foot,
Doz Quixote addrefling himself to the gap + now Madam, quo he, your
Highness has no-more to do,/ but totell us which way we must go, and we

are all ready to. follow. At what time the Curate chopping in before the

Princess could answer, Toward what Kingdom, said he, is it your Highness's
Pleasure to. lead us? yet pardon. me, Madam, for asking, when 1
know it must be toward the Kingdom of Mzicomicov. To which Mrs. Dorothy,
who had Wit at Wilt, and was not to learn how to carry on an Intrigue
you have.pick'd the very Kingdom out of all Kingdoms of the Earth,
morelikea Prophet, quoshe, then a Curate. If it be so, quo the DoQor,
then our way lies directly through the middle of our Village, from whence
we have a ftreight Road to Cartagena, where we must embark. And if we
have a fair Gale, and a.calm Sea, we may in nine Years reach the Lake Mzotis,
otherwise call d the White Sea, where you may see a thousand: Mermaids
all in a Cluster together, papring up their Towers on a Saturday Evening ,
and lies not above a .hundred Days Journey from your Highnesss Kingdom.
Surely, Sir, reply d Mrs. Dorothy, you are under a Mistake ; for *cis
but two Years since I set out from my own Dominions, nor can Ifay, that
we had such fair Weather neither, but sometimes rough Seas, and contrar
Winds ; and yet I must tell ye, I ha' been here in Spazz too for some Weeks,
where I bad ng sooner, set my Foot a shore, bug I heard the Streets ring
with the famous Atehievements of the Renawned Doz Quixote de la Mancha,
whom I therefore refolv'd to find out”, if he were above Ground,
whatever it colt me, resolving to throw my self under his ProteQion, and
to commit the Justice of my Cause to his Wonder-working Arm. Lord,
Madam, what d* ye mean, cry'd Dex Quzxote ? I am your humble Servant,
Madam ; honest Firuevenny ,, and meer mortal Don Quixote de 1a Mancha,
that's my Name and Title : And therefore spare your Complements, I find
y? are a Courticr from Top to Toe; but for my part, I hate Flattery, my
Ears are t00 chafts to be ravishd by Adulation. You do not hear me tell
ye whether I am a Manor a Mouse: All 1 say, is this, If F am valiant, so;
if lam not valiant, so; but whether I am valiant, or not valiant, I am wholly.at
your Service, even to the Expence of the last drop of my Blood ; and
let time tell ye, whether Dox Quixote be a Mitk-fop, or no. In the mean
while I would fain know of the Cyrare, what brought him hither all alone,
a-foot, and in Aerpo; like a School-master'going to the House of Office;
for I must confess 1 am strangely furpriz'd to see him in this Condition.
Why then, ant like yonr Honour, my Lord Do» Quixote, to tell ye the
Reason succintly in few. words, Mr. Nzcholas our Barber and E went to Sewil
to receive some Money which an Unkle sent me some Joon ago from the
Tndies ; nov was it an inconfiderable Sum, as being no less then fifteen hun.
dred pound Sterling, But upon the Road we met with four Highwaymen
that pillag'd ns of all we had, even to our very Beards, so that the
Barber was forc'd to get him a Chin-Perriwig. And as for that ys
waom

AG ge - ,
Co FOG 2 oe N54 4078
| > "Xs 2 ol Poe: ee
A See OE ER Rl
oo ae NB I IS
OE Ss TW. $3 :

The Life-and Atchievements of | Part [:

W hom you see there, pointing toCardenio, after they had borrow d his Cloak:
bag, and stripp'd him to his Shirt, they made him fit, for another Fable in

Ovid, by transfiguring him, as you see. Now they say, that these Rogues

were asort of Fellows condemn'd to the Gallies, who were rescu'd by a
valiant Knight, from the Jailor and his Guard, in spite” of their. Teeths,
as they were carrying em RY Port where they were to be embarkt:
However, I must needs say, the Knight was a Fool or a Mad-man for his
Pains, or else: as great a Rogue as any of 'em, to let out a Company of
Wolves among Sheep , Foxes among, innocent Poultry, and Bears among
Honey-pots, contrary tothe Law of Nations, his Allegiance to his Prince,
and his Respe& to publick Justice , disabling the Strength of the Kings
Gallies, invalidating the Sentences of the Judges upon Criminals, and like
a rash and hair-brain'd Coxcomb, forfeiting at once both his Life and his
Liberty upon Earth, if he should come to be prosecuted for his Folly, and
his Salvation hereafter. For you must know, that Sancho: had told the Curate
the Story-of the Galley-slaves, who therefore preach'd this Sermon so
severely to hear what Dox Quixote would say, who chang'd Colour at every
word, not daring to boast of that A& of his Valour, which the Cyrate had
damn'd as an Atchievement more fit for the Devil, then a pious Kpight-
Errant. And these, quo the Curate, concluding his Text, were the cursed
Villains, that reduc'd us to this miserable Condition ; God forgive 'em, and
that Poltron of a Knight, that freed 'em from the just Punishment of their

Impieties.

CHAP. III.
The Pursuit of the History of the Princess of Micomicon, contains

img the cunning Policies. and Stratagems of the Curate and Barber, to
free the enamour d Knight from the rigorous Penance which he had
undertak'n. = |

HIS Sermon of the Curate's, short and home, and deliverd without
Book, with a becoming Gesture (the true CharaQer of a good Sermon
) wrought so feelingly upon S4xcho's. Conscience, that he made open

Confession ; Cuds-bodikins, quo he, and who d' think now 'twas perform'd

that desperate Exploit ? Troth-law, to his eternal Fame. be it spok'n, no
living body i' the varsal World, but my. dear valiant Master his nown self.
And yet my Mind gave me he did not do well in it; and therefore 'twas,
that I bid him have a care what he did, and told him how that it could not
chuse, but be a very great Sin to set at liberty the-Heels of a Company of
Miscreants, whom the Law had condemn'd to the Gallies for their Villainies.
And now I find, Mr. Curate, I was i the right on't. Ye Pumpkin-pated
Coxcomb, cry'd Doz Quixote, Is it for a Kyight-Errant, when he meets
with People laden with Chains, and under Oppression, as they were, upon

the Road, . to take notice whether they suffer'd justly or unjustly ? Knight

Errants are only to relieve the afflicted,and not to examine whether they be
Rogues or Martyrs. I met a Company of poor Fellows in'dismal Calamity,
link'd together like the Beads of a Rosary, and.I set 'em at liberty. -There-
1a] did what my Conscience, and my Profession oblig'd me to.” And what
has any Mortal breathing to say to this ? if there be, unlebs it be Mr. Corare,

eo OT I BA 1 11 i nee

£ » 4:0; 0a 12 ” 444 » [Ps
——_ p w £4 0 ae MG. 4

tw RW _ n - on At LF EEE 4g WW DO 0- r % WSoe an vr , , na. —_— — — — Lemme CN LIENS TER —__— + _ 4.4 Pp a; APs —_—— ah
x. bf x 4 .
LIOOK I e feenowned Jon (OUT XOTE. 182
o wy . # Rave 4 A : ys 4 .

here, whom IrespeQ&a little for his Coar's fake, he's the Son of ten thousand
Fathers, and knows not what belongs to Knight: Errantry; and Ple
make him eat my Sword and spew it up again, for T would be loath to lose
it. And having so said, he fix'd himself in his Stirrups, and pulPd his Hel-
met ore his Brows, and look'd as grim, as if he had vow'd the Death of
ten og 0m Bashaw's, with twenty thousand Men a piece at their Heels :
for as for Mambrino's Bason, it hung at his Saddle bow, batterd as it was
by the Galley-Slaves, fit for nothing but to mend old Kettles. Thereupon,
Mrs. Dorothy by this-time well acquainted with his Humour, seeing him in
such a Passion, like a fleering Slut as she was, For Heaven's sake, Sir, quo
she, asswage your Fury ; for I dare swear, had Mr. Curate known 't had been
your Valour that so religiously set the ungodly Galley-Slaves at liberty, he
would ha? cut out his Tonguea thousand times,rather then ha? spok'n a word
that shou'd ha' displeas'd your Worship. No, I assure ye, Sir, quo the C,-
rate, tho the Varlets had twitch'd my Beard off Hair by Hair. I am fatisfyd,
Madam, quo Dox 2aixote, and for your fake the Flame of my just Indignation
is already quenchd.; nor will I engage in any more Quarrels,. till
I have perform'd my Promise to your Sovereign Highness. Only, Madam, because
tis but rational for a Man to know for what he ventures his Bones, I beg
of your Highness to give us a brief Account of your Dilasters, that I may
know where to deny all manner of Mercy, where to dismember, and where
to spare both Life and Limb, if there be any that can deserve so much Compassion,that
have offended so muchVertue 1n a Sovereign Princess. Lord ! Sir,
quo Mrs. Dorothy, 'tis the least thing I can do to oblige the most matchless
Champion 1 the World, but that I tear my Story will be too tedious and irksom
to your Ears. Madam, so far, by my Soul, from being irksom, that
do but say how many Giants Thumbs, with every one a Gold Ring, you
expect for your Trouble, and you shalt have ?em paid »pox fight. Since
theo it must be so, cry'd Mrs. Dorothy, TI'must beg, ye, Sir, to lend me your
Atrention. With that Cardenio and the Barber gather'd up to'her, to hear
what a pickl'd Story {he had provided so soon ; thothey doubted not but her
Wit and her Fancy was such, that she had one as ready as a Lye in a
King's-Bench Waiter's Mouth. - Saxcho also hung his Ears upon her: Sidesaddle,
as if he had been to take her Speech in Shorr-hand; at what time
the Lady having cough, spit, and wipd her Lips, with the greatest Grace
1 the World, thus began : NEE _—.
First then, Gentlemen, - you must know 'that my Name is —— Here she
stopp'd, having quite forgot the Name which the: Crate had giv'n her.
Whereupon the C xrate, finding her at a Noz-plus, rode close up to her, and
begging Pardon for his Interruption ; Madam, quo he, there is nothin
more disturbs, and discomposes the Mind and the Memory, then long an
extreme Afflittion. I my self that am but the poor Crate of Toboso, the
chiefest of whose living is by unlicenc'd Weddings, have been so beside my
self many times for the Cheat of a Brass Half-Crown put upon me, that, [
have forgot my own Name, nor could I remember it again for my life,
till the Clark has told it me ; no wonder then that the Princess Micomicona,
Heiress to the vast Kingdom of Micomicon, overwhelm'd with {o many Calamities,
and perplex'd with so many various Thoughts for rhe Recovery
of so vast a Dominion, should have her Imagination and Memory so much
incumber'd as you have at this present, but— *1 must confess, reply'd
« Mrs. Dorothy, that but just now there hover'd before my Eyes such a
© black and dreadful Apparition of the Misfortunes that Fam gong to relate,
that Thardly knew whar I said 3 but having now pretty well recoverd 1

a” —_— weudh, = wb enagy., 3

The Life and Achievements of Part L

6 shallbe able to go on. without. any: farther Helitagion. Know
a a that 1 am lawfyl Heiress to, the vast Kingdom of M:-
comes, and that the {ing my Father, who way calld Tixacrin the Wise
a Person also greatly Skill d in Magick Art, understood by his profound
Knowledge in that myterjoys Science ( for he had all Cornelips Agrippa's
Werks by heart ) that Queen Eqramillamy Mother should die before hum,
and that he himlelf shauld not live long aiter her, but leaye me a young
© Orphan. But that was not the thing that trophl'd him, for he knewrhat
© Princes were mortal, and that it 1s usual to leave their Children behind
©em, sometimes 1 their Swadling-Clothes ; but his Magical Speculations
© fore-told him, That a certajn Giant as big as ten ordinary Giants, and as
monstrous as Hobls Leviathay, 1,ord. of a great Island almost upon the
f Canfines of my Kingdom, whose Name is Pandas/ando, firnamd the Sawcer-
© Ey'd; because he always look'd as the Devil loak'd over Lzincoty, on pur-
© pose to fright all People: he staxgd upon. My: Father, 1 say, fore-saw thar
this Giant, well knowing that ] had neither Father nor Mother, would
one day inyade my Dominians with a; powerful Army, and expel me out
© of my spatious Territories, without leaving me {o much as a thatch'd Vil-
© lage to put my Head in; tho he knew withal, that I might ayoid my
© Misfortune, provided I would consent to marry him ; but that it was im-
© possible for me to have any such Thought, well understanding the Skill
© which by that time Iishould have in Anatomy. For which Reason he was
© {\urel would neither marry with that Giant, nor with any other Giant 1'the
«World. My Farther therefore left it in his Will, That I should take my
Disasters patiently far a Time3 and resign my Kingdom to him without
© moreado, since I was in no wile able to make any Defence to prevent the
Ruine of my Subje£ts : But withal, he left we, also this comfortable Ad-
© vice, That I should forthwith betake my self into' Spain, where I should

meet with a potent ProteQor, in;the Person of. a Renowned Knight- Er»
© raxt;lam'd over all the World for his Yalour,and his Strebgth,and calld by
© the Name, if I forget not, of D. Hazote or Gigote— You are pretty near the
arthe Kyi Sancho, interrupting her, call him therefore D, Quixote, Madam,

ar the Kpight of the .
Mrs. Dorothy, 'twas Don Zyixate, now I remember my self. My Father
© also describ'd tomea lean Man with a wither'd Face, and that-he had up-
on his left Shoulder, or somewhere thereabouts, a black Mole over-grown
witha thick Tuft of Hair. With that, Doz, Quixote calling for Saxcho
to come to him; Here, Sirrah, {aid he, hold my Lance, and help me to unr
dress my self, for I can soon know- whether it were me that this Conjurer of
a SE Propybly Cpieer this manner. Why so much haste, Sir Knight, .reply'd
Mrs. Dorothy, to strip, your self? To see whether I have any such Mole
about me, quo Dox Zuixote, as you speak of. You need not undress your
self for that, reply'd Sancho, Iam well satisfy'd that you have a Mark upon
your Back-bone, or somewhat near it, like what the Princels describes.
*?Tis sufficient, quo Mrs. Dorothy; Friends can believe one another without
* {such a strift Examinationz nor am I going ta swear it before a Master in
Chancery ; for whether it be upon pou lett or 11ght Shoulder, *tis not a
Straw, matter, since 'tis all the same Body and the fame Flesh. In short, 1
find my Father spoke truth in every thing, and that I am right in recom-
mending my self to. Doz Quixote, whose Stature and Visage so well agree
with my Father's Description ; and. whose, Reputation is so-far spread a-
broad, that Iwas no sooner landed at Offune, but I heard of the miraculous
Archievements he had perform'd; and then I: was confident that he was

et Conntenance. Y arevery right, Sir, reply'd

w_ "$0 Eg "nf $ae, x uu Li ah mY / Ws © / pi A :
© At 2% add ER 81 So 55 "TY" ht vb ad I ds 7 4 a ;
5 ONS os > Zo S 27.4% TIF IN a. 46 2] "*, Pe oo EI / 4
ns es ra na ade os id wy - EIP $4; LOI
ah G ,

Book IV. The Renowned Don QuixorTE. 155.

the Person to whom I was to make my Addresses. But pray, Madam, quo
Do# Quixote, how came you to land at Ofsuaa, which is no Sea-port Town ?
Lord! quo the Cxrate, interrupting him ;z don't ye know, Sir, that the
Princess is a Stranger ? She means, that after ste landed at Malaga, the
first Place she came to, was Ofsurz, and there she heard, &c. * That is
« what I would have said, reply'd Mrs. Dorothy, There's all the Reason i
the World to believe it, quo the Curare, and therefore your Majesty may
be pleas*d togo on wr your Story when you please. * I have nothing more
to say, replyd Mrs. Dorothy, but only to bless my good Fortune for having
© so luckily met with this Renowned Knight, by whose Valour I look upon
my self as already reftor'd to the Throne of:my Ancestors ; since he .has
done me the Favour to promise me his Assistance against that Traitor of a
Giant Pandafilando, whom I hope in a short time to lee let blood I the Head,
like a Goose, till he bleed to death, and be reveng'd of him for so unjustly
depriving me of my lawful Inheritance. One thing I forgot to tell ye,
That my Father left me another Paper, wherein he charg'd me, That af-
©ter the-Knight had restor'd me to the Possession of my Kingdomyt he should
ask me i? the way of honesty to marry me, I should never stand Shill-spath,
but marry him incontinently. Ro
What thinkst on't now, Saxcho, quo Doz Quixote ? Did(t hear what she
said ? Did I not tell thee 'twould rain Kingdoms, and Kings Daughters,
and Governments, afore a Month came toanend ? Ay, ay, quoSazcho, one
of the gayest Proffers i the World ; and now the Devil take me, if he ben't
the Son of a Whore that does not go forthwith and disse this confounded
Giant Pandafilando, and take the Princels at her word. A Buxome Girl, l
warrant her : Cuds foot— would all the Fleas r my Bed were such. And
having so said, he fetch'd two or three frisks 1 the Air, and flung out his
Joy with a Hey-Boys. Which done, he fell upon his Knees at Mrs. Dorothy's
Feet, beseeching her to give him her Hand to kiss, as an Acknowledgment
that he own'd her for his Queen and Mistress. Thereupon Mrs. Dorothy
gave him her Hand to kiss, and promis'd to make hima great Lord so
soon as she should be re-sett]'d in her Territories. For which Saxcho return'd
her thanks in such.an extravagant Complement, that they all fell a laughing
at such a rate,that Sancho feeling Authority begin to encroachupon him,
bid ?em understand themselves, and know their Distance. Then Mrs. Dorot
hy. procceding, * Thus, quo she, 1 have made ye a Recital of my Mis-
< fortunes: I have no more to say, but only to tell ye this, That of my
Train that attended me out of my Kingdom, I have not one left but my
Squire yonder with the long Beard : All the rest were cast away in a ter-
rible Storm just-in sight of - our Harbour; only I and my Squire got ashore
'< upon two Planks, and so fav'd our selves; a good Omen that Heavn has
preserv'd us for better Fortune. Oh, Madam ! quo Doz Qr3xote, y* have
met with it already ; for I confirm my granted Boon, and once more: swear
by my AﬀeiQtion'to the fair Du/cinea, to follow yeto the End of the World,
and never to abandon your-just Pretensions, till I have -encounterd your
prodigious Enemy, fliver'd off his superflaous Head, and giv'n his Carkass
to the Fowls of the Air, were he as valiant as twenty Mars's all put together.”
And when I have restor*d ye to, your Throne, I shall then leave ye
ar-full Liberty to: dispose of !your Person as you please your self, For being,
as I am, a Vassal to the Matchless— 1 say no more, since 'tis mpossible
for:me, God wot, to marry, tho it. were with, a Phenix. At which
last Words and'Sighs: of his Master; Sa»cho, who listen'd.like an inquisitive
Chamber-inaid, to hear Don:Qxixore's Answer, became so penlive and dis-
"20 XA 2 | con-

The Life and Artchievements of Part

contented withal, that not being able to contain his Passion ; 'By. the Bowwels
of all the Giants ' the World, Sexior Do# &mnixote, quo he, you have
lost your Wits. Would ever any man else fit Hum-dramming, as you do,
whether he should marry this great Princess,” or-no ?. Surely you can't think
such Fortunes grow upon every Hedge— or 'is it because Mrs. Loxg Meg &
Westminster is handsomer then she ? How !—-':she must chip off 'a handful
from her Nose first, y* faith, and that won't do. neither— As handsom as
she ! why, sure your Eyes are enchanted— Why, I must tell ye, as little
Skillas I ha* in Beauty, your Divine D»lcinea, as ye call her, is a meer 7 7pewon
to her— she does not deserve to carry the Princels's Pattins after her.
Zookers | is this the way for me to have the Earldom: I ha' been .so long
waiting for, after all your Promises, for you to go diving after Mnshrooms
i the bottom o* the Sea—? Marry then, marry with a Pox to ye— and don't
lie doating thus on a filthy Stamme!l, but take a Kingdom, Goodman Fool,
that comes dropping, as it were, - into your mouth, that Imay be an Earl,
or a Marquess, or something like it, when you ha' done as ye ought; for
every honest man's as good as his Word ;- and when you' have perform'd
that, you may go hang your self, if you think fit. ' 1
Don Quixote hearing such Blasphemies utter'd against his ador'd Dalcinea,
heaves up his Lance, and without '{peaking a word'that might discover
his boiling Passion, gave his indifcreet Squire two such Paper-mill Thumps
upon the very Scull of him, that he lay kicking with his Heels, like a Car
that has had her Forehead, well rubb'd ;- and had it notibeen that Mrs. Dorathy
scream'd out, ;and begg'd of him to forbear, for God's sake, he had murder'd
poor Sancho out-right in his fiery Indignation. :Dog in a Doublet,
quo he,” do ye think I am bound always to bear wt your Bumkinly Frumps |
wr. my Hands 1 my Pocket ?' No, no, don't believe it; ye excommunicated
Miscteant ; TI say excommunicated, for having' open'd thy'blubber Lips so
prophanely against the Peerless Du/cinea, Dost thou'nor know, rascally
Ragamuffin as thou art, that were it not for the Courage which she infuses
into my Breast, and the Strength with which she fortifies my Arm, that I
should not be able to kill a Tirmouse ? Ye confounded Rakeshame, ye Tailors
Nit, who wast, d'ye think, that re-conquerd the Kingdom of Microcomicon,
slew the vast Giant that cover*'d a whole Acre of. Ground, when
he fell, and rais'd thee from a lazy Scoundrel, ro bea Marquess ( foril Iook
upon all these things to be done already) butonly Dalcizea's Valour,.of
which my Arm was no more then the unworthy. Instrument? Is it not she
that puts me on, as I put on my Armour, fights Cap-a-pe in her Dow [Quix-
ote, and wins me all my Viltories ? She by whom Llive and breath, -andto
whom'l owe my Life and Being. Treacherous' and ingrateful Beast, -is it
any lopger then three minutes ago, that T rais'd thee frons the Dunghil to
the Pinacle of Honobr, and does thy viprous Tongue already dart thy Poisonat,
thy BenefaQtress ? Saxcho was not so ftunn'd; but that he heard every
word his Master said; but because he: was resolv*d to secure himself before
he made him an-Answer, up hecrawl'd, and'getting of corher side Mrs. Dorothy's
Palfrey ; Now come on, 'Six; quo-he,' you that think: your self such
a Privy "Counsellour, pray tell me how 'tis possible, if you don'r marry the:
gh to have the Kingdom at your Disposal ? and that being so, where's:
my ecampence for all my Bahgs and Thumps1 ha*.zeceiv'd'in your Service?
Let rhe World therefore judge, whether I ha'/not reason to:complain, -when
I find ye thus going about to pop me-off with what the. Car left inthe Male.
Why fhonld yo have-tnch'a tender Consoience to scruple Marriage with!
the Princess? You'may do that,and'send for:ypur beloved Mopsa when'y' tha”
ES. Een ne coeds done;

Book IV. The Renowned Dow QirxorTE.

done ; for 'ris the Fashion now a. days to. keep Misses. Here's a Princess
seariye, as it were, from Heav?n, and you won't marry: her, with a Murrain
toye ! As for which is the most beauziful of the two; I will not undertake
to determine ; your Madam Dutcinea 18-4, very fair Lady, *tis true, tho [
never saw her ?my life. How ! Off-spring of Sara»,quo D.Quixote,never law
her,and yetbrought't meamAnswer from her but just now! lmeangSir,reply'd
Sancho, Inever view'd her, as Paris did the three Goddesses, to observe her
PerfeQtions by Retail, but take her all together, she may pass for a.Beauty.
Well, I pardon thee for this time, cry'd Dow 2utxote; and do thou likewilc
be so kind as to pardon the-Provocation of my. unruly Passion, which is not
T6 soon quellPd as put intoa Ferment, I know it very well, reply'd Sancho,
and therefore you ought to consider, that the talkative Humour which provokes
me to speak, isa Motion which I canas well be hang'd as resist ; when
is once come tothe tipof my Tongue, I must out with it, what ere it be.
However, cry'd Don Vaixote, if a Snaffle won't do it; put a Curb upon that
unruly Member, and have a care what ye say— The Pitcher goes often to
the Well —T say no more— A word to the wise is sufficient, quo Sancho —-
God above sees all things, and he is able tojudge who is most 1' the right,
I that never speak well, or you that never do better. : -; | ELTEE..
Enough,enough,quo Mrs, Dorothy, all's well; and therejore Saxcho go and
prostrate yourself at the Feet of yourLord and Master, beg his Pardon and remember
for thetime to come tro manage your” Tongue with more Reserv'd-
ness;more especially take heed how you talk irreverently of that Lady of T-
boso,whose Servant I would be glad to be,thol neyer saw her !!my life,because
I find this valiant Knight has such a Value for her, and from henceforward

trustto me for your Recompence. With that,” Sancho, in a most submis:

sive Posture, went and threw himself at his-Master's Stirrup, who- having
given him his BenediQtion with a majestick Gravity, defird the Company
to ride on alittle before, for that he had some Business of important Privacy
with his Squire. So that when he found 'em far enough off hearing,
Friend Saxcho, quo he, I have had no leisure since thy Return to ask thee

any Questions concerning thy Message, and what Answerthou hadft ; bur

now -prethee tell me the Particulars. Sir;' reply*d Sazcho, ask me what
Questions you please, Ile tell ye more them I know, rather then less ; only
Lbeseech ye for the future, be not so malicious ; for y' are so hasty grown,
a Dog wou'd not live wi” ye. Sancho, reply'd Don Quixote, they that will
govern, must learn toobey ; and they that think to beat others, must learn
to be beat*n themselves; and therefore when I thrash thy Bones at any time,
tisall for thy good. Ay, Sir, quo'Sazcho, but to bear malice, Malice forethought
! your mind, why 'tis the very Stress and Plain-song of all our Enditments.
How dost mean Malice, quo Doz Quixote ? My Reason 1s this,
quo Sancho ; because my mind gives me, that you gave me these two last
pithy Remembrances upon the. Noddle, for the Quarrel that Sata rais*d between-you
and me tother Night, and not for any thing I spoke against
Madam: Primrose, the Lady Daicizea, whom I wish my Whin-whams 1n a
cleft Stick, if I do not admire.and. adore, beyond any Relique of the holy
Cross : and that meerly because she is your. Mistress. Sancho, cry d Do#
Quixote, once forall, let us leave off this Discourse, it grates my Ears;
there isan AR of Oblivion past to this very moment; but new Offences will
requirenew Punishment. : JE7IR WY |

While they werethus-parlying together, they espy'd making toward /em,
a-certain Person niounted upon a sober Ass, whom they took for a He-Gypsee,
the nearer he came'; but Sho, who since the loss of his own Beast,
never

IT) ah $2. , Fes "TN oy V . F _ ra theo Þ wn a il P we: 4 OY ,
SS $5: &. -* on 2s ON. 4 fs or ES a5 i at . 26k ro. 4 Sole, aaron bed Ih oe COON AL 1-5, 7 2 OP COIN NE OM GN) "1 "M15 "I PIT
ay 6 Ne" 20 ME, 60 TO 0g &4"V2 , LG * © wr 2 Ba al et INE 3 pe” 2 oe WEBS ne Ys Wt RS; 6 I og WS. LE > "2 big 0] WEST OSS "ee hh 6 5
37A... Id; * $$ I” a / Ac »» vs 6 ig OF. « y- <4": het "41 $7.3 3» WO Be tos et CI A W Fg 2 OR 05
Py , ra 95h LY *. PAY f s : % o Se EOS. 1% 6 þ - RE. 3X 6 4 © L> Mw. vi Pb 3 BH 8 . 20s NE i;
Vage \ : : Þ?? , F- Ws; &

158 The Life and Atchievements of © | Part'Þ

never saw an Ass; but his Heart 'was ready to leap out of his Belly, had
no sooner fix'd his Eye upon the Traveller, but he knew him to be the'Person
that had so inhumanly robb'd him of his Soul's Delight. Now this
Fellow had disguis'd himself in the Hzbit of a Gypfie, and spoke their Gibbriss
exaQly, to the end he might not be discover'd,nor be prevented in the Sale of
the Ass, which he-had also transmogrify'd into the Shape almost of another
Creature. 'But Sancho that knew his Ass again by the very Stent of a Fizzle,
which he let just? the nick of time, cry'd out with all the force of his Lungs,
Ho, Mr. Thief, have I found ye ?. Deliver me my Goods, Rogue, deliver the
Repose of my Heart, and comfort of my Soul ; Varlet, Villain, Hedgcbird,
restore me my Ass, my Ass, ye Prancer-Prigger, my sole Delight, and only
Joy—- seize him, Master, seize him, here's my Ass, and here's the Rogue
that stole him ; seize him Master, seize him. Upon which the Fellow, sc e-
ing himself so hard beset, slipp'd off the Ass, and betook himself ro his heels,
as nimbly as a Coney before a Lurcher, and quickly got out of their reach,
because no body took the Pains to pursue him. For Sazcho had enough to
do to rejoice over his Ass ; which he had no sooner got by the Bridle, but
with a paternal Kindness, How hast done all this while, my Darling, my
Treasure, quo he ! Welcome, nay more welcome to thy nown dear Saxcho,
then the Nuptial Night to two enamour'd Lovers— and with that he fell a
kissing, and hugging, and embracing his Beast, as if 't had been his only
Son risen again trom the Report of his being dead ? the Indies, To which
the poor dumb Ass had not a word to say, not so much as in his own Mother-
Spanish ; only in meer Gratitude, he thrust out his Tongue, and lick'd of
the Tears that fell from his Master's Eyes for Joy that he had re-gaind the
Beast of his AﬀeQtions. In the mean time, the Company that were before,
wond'ring at the long Halt that Doz 2#ixore and his Squire made, came
riding back again, and understanding. what was the matter, they all with . .
a nemine contradicehte, gave all imaginable Demonstrations of the Joy 2nd
SatisfaQtion for Sancho's good Fortune ; while Doz Quixote observing the
good Nature of his Squire, re-confirm'd the Promise he had made him of
three Asses for one. ; LOPEI.f

This was that which pass'd between Doz Quixote and his Squire, while

the Carate and Mrs. Dorothy had been engagd in Discourse of another Natore,
Well, Madam, quo the Czrate, 1 find a Man may venture. upon your |
Head at any time ; had ye study'd twenty Years for this Story, you could
never ha' brought a Fable to bear with more Fancy, or more Conciseness:
And then for the terms of Ky7ight- Errantry,- you had %em as exaCtly as a Seaman
saies his Compass. Oh, Sir ! reply'd Mrs. Dorothy, Tam but young
in Years, 'tis true, but an old Reader of Romaxces : I have pord upon'em'a-
nights! my Bed, till I have drop'd a? Sleep, and left the Candle to fire-the
House, had not my Maid come in by chance ; but a Duce take your Maps,
for I'could never understand *em Tt my life, which made me commit that
Mistake about Ossura. That was nothing, Madam, quo the Carate, 'as 1 order'd
the matter : You see how I reconcil'd the business with a Jerk. But
Madam, what think ye ? Do you not wonder at this Fobdoodle of a Kyight-
Errant, that swallows so easily these Gudgeons 'of Tales and idle Stories,
meerly ' because they have a Smack of thels Extravigulties which he had
read in-his Amadss de Gaul's, and Round-table Champions ? And yet discourse
him upon any other SubjeQ, and he's a man will talk ye as rationally as a'Philosopher,
as soberas a Judge, and as learnedly as an University Scholar.
So that you would 'take himifor a Man of Sence and Judgment, till ye
come once to prick him 1'the Vein of Kg ht- Errantry ; but then hefliesour,
Ia and

adds 7% ; ; Nt ERR I ada a #: |» Oy." To gr hats #1; "M
oe er MLT ob br EE Sar att, Ca os REY LS n O's TAE 1+ OSA; W132 10 FF os to Oat? wo 0+ to; (© #5 hd 8 with
hs vn CT AIG Net GE ONS <;, RO on rs ets OE Borg b nate oe ere en SOON IR NSD &, aha Fe th Pr bY OE Oy?
£ Pet”, [0 45. be OY *%, <1$-8 MA >. 4 ”% 8" 12s _& ” 4 "a, 7% s by 097 8 F 2#, Pu. $
£ o p . - SPE V7, b; 3 m_— $ 7%
\ . i y ® , Ky

s ; 4 ; | | A /

Foo 994g OS DRL wo) IOOTD. 97

OO ne Oe iT 3-4 _ Os cite A ——
bc LI 11 04 7 1 Ls bi ts, we no RE c /
oped ARTE 3 he oo SEL ©; - RE I I. I” \ ADS: > en eget Hen 4 OY th,
«4 p ah, 37 , SY 44 ad 0p ig 5 0 50 {I AP OE OR 7 OO Rr ht WE 6 $3)
i ” x < «. * Y -*4 2808 * 1 4'F "Y
R s « bo a Ke je) # X e's ” & \ * 1. ;
F- - ©&'7 z 8 x5

U _ 5: ” P® —_— a —— _
T2575 OSD BEER if it Se Pe oroae on ff OO PD fb od Ver 6d ob nd : —— Aa
R. | e I CWOWN O N TR”
EF. G | | FP AJ &V uy I O | -

and falls a raving, 'as if he had a whole Mrasurmer- Moon in his Brains::

While the Curate and Mrs. Dorothy were thys engag'd, Don Quixote wn»
tring into a new Confabulation- with his Squire; Honest Sancho, quo He,
g' me thy fist; and let us with a Christian forgiveness lay aside all manner

of Malice and Animosity, as things altogether unbeseeming Persons of our
Profession, and tell me by way of Catechize, when, where, and how'thou

founIst the Peerless Dulcinea? What she was doing? What she faie?

What she answer'd? How she lookd when she read the Letter ? Whotrans
{crib'd it for thee? And whatever ei:e thou canst call to mind that is fit'to
be known and rememberd, or proper to be ask'd and answer'd :; fortoknow
these things gradually, punCtually, in order, and exaQly, is that: uport
which depends the whole repose and quiet of my Life: And this without
any additions, any daubing, fleeking, -palliating, or mincing the matter ,
thinking to flatter and tickle my Ear. On the other side, be not too concise
neither, to the end I may not lose the smallest Mustard:seed of my Soulcharming
Pleasure. Sir, quo Sazcho, if it be so absolutely necessary forme
to speak Truth, I must tell ye, that no body Transcrib'd the Letter for me,
because I never carry'd any. Tis very right; quo Don Quixote— for two
days after thou wert gone, I found the Table-Book wherein I had written
my Epistle ; which put me into such a Passion, that I could not forbear
lending thee half a score round Curles for thy carelesness; and-every moment
I expeQed when thou would'{t have come back to ha' receiv'd three or
four Bastinado's, to ha' refreshd thy Memory. Sir, quo $azcho, there was
noneed of that ; for I had heard your Letter read soofteri, that I could fa
it by heart, more exactly then my Creed. Meeting therefore with the Clerk:
of the next Parish, I rehears'd it to him so exaQtly word for word, that
when he had copy'd it out, he swore that he never read such a complear,
matchless Piece of Wit in his Life, tho he had read all HowePs, Loveday's,
and Balzar's Ofavo's, and had been a great Student in the My/teries of Lowe
and- Eloquence. And do'st remember it still, quo Doz o No, Sir,
reply'd Sancho; for when I saw it once secur'd in a whole Weet of Paper ,
I thought it to no purpose toburd'n my Memory with it any longer.Only at
the beginning there was Ower-grown,l wou'd say Soveraian Lay; and at the
end, Tours till Death, The Kpight of the Ili-favourd Conntenance': And between
those two !! the middle, about:three hundred repetitions of Sou! F
Life, Dearest, Pigs ny, and Foy." ; IF Bf

— = WS Y FP 4 > Y "OY > 9
ha

ETWSEF +.

Containing the Pleasant Discourse between Don Quixote and his Squire ;
with other Remarkable Passages. ; PL,

F*HUS far, quo Doz Qeixore, alls very well —— But whett thou
wer't admitted into her Presence, how was that Queen of Beauty
employ'd ? Was she not threading of Pearl, or working some Rich Point
of Yenice Cravat for the Knight her Vasfa}? No such thing, I aflure ye,
Sir, quo Sancho; for she was winnowing two Bushels of Wheat over a
course Sheet P the Yard. Burt then, quo Dor Qrixore, didst not thou' at
the same time perceive, that every grain of the Corn was turn'd into so
many

>, as >; . s +4, 20M = waggt * 4 TT... 7 * Yo,
Po ad Oe UA 436 Le Si Brad w- \* CG Las £ © . *N\" 10 4
(8-1. et MR ks 5, IR) Wee Ot 5 +. 06 A 4 Ku af PSs [- W' WS +8 Cows $4 3 PCA 53 © oy gd Opt es g 50S os em 4 - W F TA... Wt IL MII ARS DE ADD Eine OOO x 6&-412"4drp X he
ES Ws? C30 ho, FN RNS \ End oo eo RS ae os OS Oh ; Og Dog OO 5 2 OE et Rn ts 0 ON OT ER TE OY
4 : p oe : <f SY. . [7 FS" Fa, > : 0 : 6.x 4 Fog h XY q . R taper >f 1 Py - '
q ; # L >, 5 FA 'F Ky! fs a EY oo I RO IIA a , Ew Y k! £58 : FOIS*: op fe Rs 2 BEES os RITA branes.
a . % 58 I ; RP to | « ' BY 2a RG, 207 : a Wn I rd De rot ea * . TOs <p Recs i, TE AER x
# Che Wa. © £,: "1 4 b 4 IVSt 50. 1: 429-Y odal V: 3M " 9
nj ; . RY \ A +
oo þ £ ky of Fry

comm

FER os Wt as het 8 _ * —_ : g - « amd PIT —_ k . & , - n mins m—— = - _ =p +/+
2 % l 4 | IT wy ; þ 3% ? "DL, ') 8: "£4
e Life and Atchievements\'of © Part

manyiPearls; by the touch of het-fair Hands? Prithee, what sort of Wheae -
was it? Was it pure Wheat, or Maslin? © Neither, Sir, quo Sazc#05' but
only 2 mixture of Barley and Oats: That's nothing, reply'd Don Zuixcte ;
for being sifted by her Hands, most certainly-it' made Bread. as: white as
ever any Kingston Manchet. But let us proceed ——— When thou gavit
her'the: Letter, -did she not kiss it ? Did she not clap it to her Breast? Did

the: not-use some'extraordinary Ceremony becoming the Honour due to such

aEetter ?. In short, what was't she did ? The Sieve was full of Corn, Sir, reply'd

Sazcho, when I presented her the Letter ; and: as she was rumbling
the: Sieve like a Sinder-woman upon her knees, Friend, quo she, lay your
Letter-upon that/ empty Sack there, for 1 shall not have leisure to read it,
tilt-Lbave sifted all this Corn. Observe in that her wonderful Discretion,
cryid-Doz Quixote ; for that was an excuse on purpose, because she would
read-the Letter in private, where no body should be witness of her transports
upon the receipt of it. But while she was thus busie at her Work,
has: was the Discourse that pass'd between ye? Did shenot enquire how
I <id,:and what I did ? And what did'st: thou answer: her? Answer 'me
pPunQually, and. fatisfie my Impatience, without filching from me the least
«t4ttle-of the Truth. So far was she from asking any Questions concerning
ye,':that ste did not seem to me so much as to think of ye— Only I of my
Down Head indeed told her a long story, how I had left :ye 1! the Mountain,
doipgiPenance :for her sake, naked from the wast downward, like a true
aty7';- {keping upon the Ground, eating without Napkin or Table Cloth;
nevercombing your Beard, but 'blubbering and whining like a great: Cow-

baby,2and' curling your. hard Fate. Thou didst not do so well in that, reply'd

(Ron Zntxotey to say, that I curs'd my cruel Fortune : For I always

01d; andeyer. willadore'my happy Stars, that render'd me worrhy to pretend

te. love so High a Lady,as Dalcinea del Toboso.You may well call her'high,

quo Sexcho,;' for may I'never' see my Old Joax again, if 1 dont believe her

Within'two ys as tall as the May-Pole'i.the Stravd. How, Sachs, cry d

Don, QiixoresMhat, didit ever measure with her, that thou talk*st at this

Tate?) Yes, quo: Sancho, I measur'd with her-in helping her up with a Sack

of; Corn upor her Ass; and/E found as we. stood together, that my Head

gd not reach-up- to.the small of her back. . But didst. not thou perceive

Wwithal; that these goodly Dimensions of hers were accompany'd with all

the Graces and PerfeQtions, as well of Wit as Beauty ? At least,” Sancho ,

thou wilt not -deny me this. When thou drew*st so near to ther Body,

were. not thy Nostrils ravishd with the fragrant Odours:that breath'd from

her Skin? Wer't thou not sensible of that delightful mixture, compos'd of

all the Arabi's rich Perfumes? A certain, I know not well what to call it,

Steam, or Vapour, or Exhalation, more sweet-scented then Cupid's Bed of

Roses,or the variety of a Perfumer's Shop ? Why truly,Sir,quo Sazchothomy

Lite.lay upont, 4 cannot swear one tittle of all this. 'Tis'true indeed, Idid

{melt a kind of a sowre, strong, rammish Hogo, something like that of a

Water-man that has newly Landed his Fare, which 1 fippot was occasion'd

by her working so hard; for she was all of a muck-sweat, in her Smock-

Aeeves,; with her Breasts-swagging over her Bodice half-lac'd, so that she

Feakd hke a,Horse-Pond in a frosty Morning. This could never be, reply'd

Mon Huixote; and therefore. thy Nose was either stopp'd with the Marr,

or, elseithe whitis. from thy own Collar deceiv'd thee. For Iam as sure as I

have.a Nose o my face, that no Rose among Thorns, no Lilly of the Field,
no,Spiit of; Amber-Greece smells half so sweet as she, -I can say-norhing

19 thar; quo, Sexcho; but this I. can safely swear, that the smell which 1
JAE £ | | i{melt,

E L ; Þ £ . 140g Fs Y &
"0 RI nG T FIRET TE TE I IRC TIT. We
WEE nod, 4 rs; FOR ROWS Rogen £
ME Sod 0: A Fo 6 a RR, SOS.
"3 Cm PE WTR OE TT RO be ng”,

hs. Wh bs vi” = Y 6 ”
c c Wo u TM 'E- .- E " F &: 4h,
SY Pr HO BTHTYI 5 OO EES RET, oo OTA EET re BEE 6 T6 $6 | CS l t | Y ts 2-- Nt wok #05 Mos . +; vs WY 4 £
;/ Fi Yip cb 554 WES pe ES de: 1-4 HE A; SET IT b=p ROY 40 CONES Ws hb ALT s WIS * EL 7 ER CIR WEE x* WT 4 Babi 3 vs A vF TAK % Ws. 4s. E
s "aps WS SE 1 1p ' : 5 a, MIR T4 48 > 4 1 XY LF. Wa ay 1 RE Gs” A ORIG; OT £3336, 16” ALI S » hath.) Sf 14 J Wd i Etc Rte ny CR Gs... _— - p po. j » Te
A Ng voy ©-1GV WS. LETT 4 WA or tt $2 $f) ES "i IAAF $I T4 mitts SOS MES 42 "We, 5 208 ©AT, as so is as] LR "CS * eg. a Wt"? 4 1-20 SER, 5% Pn 8 bes 8; 4
ww AY - vcd "a "UI. ©0441 * 45 ERR A boob b fe. 4 OR, "Hpco, "8c 6972S SANG E212 ps $2 SPY - I © AA Saf 0 4, FSI ROS, + "oo. ESE Box DEE aa 3s is
+ x " FITS CME». © h ST - 6 *; Its AE || LIE NE 48 tr # bs FE Btu, gs EF ag BESS. 1 4 WS By Wo OE 07 0 Ye PO pe VA © ON a, 4 6 HIP AB. © 1 OS TRI Ws > bas. * 4 0218 W$02h © BI
- | \ ' 4 CO LO Ms i 0 SL 4 HE TISHEE's - wo Wat CTA at tu Fad et Mn. od ar £ APs OY ondl. | 6TH" KF welys
. ++ $.5% o£h. TRE. Vs . Bs? | _ T0 gt Þ1d "8 JW aha * Hoey” TE RON BIR ety 8 PoE ATE 1} 8 2 Ky? 4 INH ROW - 4 ry: yy"! NE « 4 LAOS : ” « 4
"44 : av" ” EN a2 Lt OSS | : PIER eat T0 : Ns ets F MRO 7 00 hes | NY 0 +” VI Sn IS : : 8.45 * CIS en +: ce Rods
\ - «, £ ®. X I 3 *: vere fe $ak-4 : &'-'2 Ws, "Re Y y boy. 3 p ri -” 4 Wo tb the D. | * J * s 7 i
I. _ o F , 4 x z be 3 0 : : ” * { Foal
i py . ; RF PE oe. of

b o
Oy . v1

1 thi fe my Life.: Andif\honlLadybiþ

k ORCS 45 TRIES "oe ' YE. ng
t bh #5 & i. ON) 4 L804 "7 ds 0 by og als. : j . kX K
}, a8 br 03 tobe 05, Hf HE Io 02 ok HIER 5 Me F-45554

k 5 of wh Ads 2 / 2. g : 8 5 % FI <
es 4” WI 70 4 \ : ne” v o "Ko + -
wy FOE : , ——

f Bu » 4 N , 4 | q . q , b kX . ®* 4 y *þ {

/ how - L <« 3 $ þ

< ” we wo . -
p : > ? uw = ,.4..Þ ;

, ———>w my wa, t2

y F g z; 4;
Py v. + CORE ANTS $94 Ie AN ey OR a 4 uo 0 7 2244 er rg, 4. = hee
\ hed na) Wen X | t MLB 4 : * 4 þ,
o , gs 4 i ) = Fe x I
p » — " \ + ba , 4 © »

glt,was as like the tank smell o'iny:own flesh aster hard Thrashing,av'ever

elf; whete lies rhe:wondetZ Since:.ohe Devil may be like another; «Very
ud wixote z0Thus\theh you sfay she cleansd ther: W heat;:and
is: -——Butwhar did she do when sheread my Letter? Your

Letter ! reply '©84xchv;1xwhy The did not read'it at all; for she said, she
; 6onld neither Writemor, read>>—2 On:thecother side;:she took it; and tore

it into'a thousand bits; foying;' that ins body. should:read her. Secrets;-and
that she was veryiwell arisfy'd with what:I had told her by word of mouth,

concefriing the AﬀeRQtioh which ae her, and the'Penance which you
hadiiddertakenifor her:sake;

ken 22 Finally, and lastly, she:bid-me tell ye, thar
sheFettiemberdher Servicero- your Worship:; and:that she had a:greater desire*X6
1ee ye, then write: to'ye. And' therefore in all Humility she commanded;ye>
forthwith to leave these cursed Mountains, and give over'your
Mopvirtis and'Fooleries': For:that: having a great delire to fa -your sweet
fac&" there towd' be:nothing so'acceprable to her as your Return to Toboso.
Moreover, when | told "hex you were calld The Knight: of .the 1h favourd
Conntenaxte lhe fell a laughing: so wide;that' you might ha' told all the/Teeth
itn! her Head: 1 ask'd her,whether the Bi/cayner had Peer with 'her'? And she
{aid, 'Yes——and thar he ask'd her a.private Kindness, which she conld
not deriy/him, because he came with: such a particular Token from your
lf. Then I told her of the Galley-Slaves; but she:said, she had seen none
of *em. - All's as'it should be, hitherto; cry'd Don Zuixote : But tell me,
S4rtho, when-:thou took*st' thy :leave- of - her, what. Present did she give
thee, for the good News which thon brought her ?: For ?tis an Ancient and
inviolable Custom.among Knights-Errant' and their Ladies, to beftow some
RichJewel or other upon theSquires, Damifels, 'or Dwarfs that bring 'em
any good News, as a Rewardof' their Tidmgs. © That might be the Custom,
reply'd Sancho, in former times, and I approve it asa generous and laudable
Custom —— But-I fear: me-'tis. now left off, like House-keeping in the
Country — At least Madam: Dulcinea- was in one bf ther niggardly Humours
at that time ; for all that she gave me for my:Tidings, was only a
piece of Bread and Cheese, 'by the same token; the Cheese: was: monldy,

and made a' Sheeps Milk; but Love and/Hunger will break through'Stone-
walls. Give me leave to-tell thee, Sazcho; she's as Munificent, and as Liberal

as ere a Princess'i? the World; and if: she:did-not. gi? thee a Diamond
of fifteen Carats at least, '*twas:because she had it not'about her. But all is
z9t lost; that i delay d," and a'good; pair of Sleeves may be worn' after Eaffer. 1 -
shall sce her, and then Tle' speak to her to. gr thee'content. But, Sazcho,
this is that which most amazes me —— for ?*tis 1imposhble but that thou must

ha' flown backward and forward through the Air: *Tis thirty good Leagues

Iam sure from hence to:Toboso;' and how the Devil: thou shouldst: go and

come in three days, surpasses my Understanding.I am therefore apt to believe,
tharthe kind Necromanter,who takes care of all my Business, and whose Duty

it is'to see that I donot want'the'least Perquisit to a Knight Errant, afhfted
thee td make hast in thy Journey, tho thou, perhaps,might?ft not-be.sensible
of-it'in'the/least. ' For there are some , of these” -Necromancers, that will
take ye a Knight-Errant fast asleep out of his Bed, and whirl him-through

the Amwith that Expedition; that 'he shall. find himself when he wakes

three! thousand Leagues: off: from the: place where he'lay before. Elle

it wers impossible that Knight-Errants could fabsist, or that they could at

attitutns relieve orie another "as they do.: | For- it may so. happen, that a

Knight may:be in the Mountains of —__ fghting with some eter
p » a

Pa og 44
welds

x a F-,
F REY hoteh A,
F A , Net ALES ns , k "Y oy 3 .
ye x "7K £ [4 _ WON. &N | WL RS V0 i > eng Fo ty, Sy 25 obo * We OS & gf
Tra" Þ a m1 ; G * COWS bo Lay WOO OFELE », C RR.y! Pn \ et) q & £A , kits
$a fa $4 > "8-8. : 4 4 of « *F LA Ca Tac gr a 2d ES a tf F os ODT © oy II ol Fs) 8 RL T2107 F hn wg ES pe
i A La” 4 % Viks.. Þ & hs OS on Oe, bas'.,* AG BY al OL OO © oo 5 Oe OR $.5%, YO 25 4 ANG : sp, AN + 6.
a by 4% rm v; BE. jen ...; 7 gy g Wb dig a ; 7
$7 TO" Y .3- 3 « 0s nk W'

I" x wes by 86/4 4 wy *% wi "

OORY F ;

+» » The Life cull Atchievements of \ Pan E

Fats

avd Bloody-Bones, fore Fauze, Or sore Saey of some other strange Mon>
fter ; or-suppole it were only with some other. Kaight, that bears pp with |
him/to the Bar o' Cheffer, an (Hat) rotors ye thwack, (cut for it

infomuch, that he could wish himself fairly-zit) of him: Now then dog's
you think it a grear Consvlation, for a Knight in- sich dillxess, to see;a

ther Knight come ualoold for in a Cloud,or a Fiery Chariot; one that he
knows to be his Friend, and who, he was certain, was hos cc ka halt a |
score hours before & the Wes Todies ? Thereupon this Kaight kills the Mon:

ster, or the Knight, and relieves his Friend ; and 80 sooner has he dispareh'd
his bus'ness, bur he is hurry'd away with the same speed in one of the Devil's
Sedaris back again to his Lodgivgs, where he'goes to' bed again to his
Mistress, and makes an end of his Work. Andall this is done by the Indu»
stry of those Necromencers, whose Duty it is to take care of Knight-Errants,
to whom they are no less dear, then if they were their Adopted Sons. And
this it is which makes me believe, that thou wer't Devil-driven through the
Air by some Necromancer,that knew my impatience, and'the importance.gf
thy Return. I am the Son of a Gold-tinder, reply*d-Sarcho, it I dont believe
it. to be true what you say, Sir; for Rosinante flew me-thought, as if
he had Quick-silver in his Ears. Not only Quick-silver in his Ears, quo
Doz Quixote, but a Legion of Devils at his Tail ; which are a sort of S:y+
ian Hine Porters, which will take a Kizht-Errant, or his Squire, and run
away with him Horse and all, with that swiftnels, that a Kite flies away
with a young Chicken. But to come again to the main business: What
doft thou think, $4zcho, it best behoves me to do;about this Injunttion that
Madam Dulcinea has laid upon me, to make my Personal Appearance before
her ? For tho 1 am bound to punQtual Obedience, and that my Bowels yern
to sce: her; yet am I so entangld with this Princess, while the Laws of
Chivalry bind me so fast to my word, and so deeply engage me to prefer
my Honour before my Pleasures, that I know not which way to di-encumber
my self. On the one side, the eager desire I have tosee the Peerless
Dulcinea, worries and torments me : On the other side, my Honour and
my Promise call me to great Atchieyements. But hold -—— I think 1 hat .
found a way to fatisfie Honour, Promise, Princess, and Mistress, and All,
First, Sapcho, Ple go immediately and find out the Gzazt ; - when I come
there, Ple cut off his Head with a Ferk, restore the Princess to her Throne,
and put her in peaceable and quiet Possession of her Dominions. Which
being done, before a Cat can lick her Ear, away will I presently come Post,
and visit the Bright Star that illuminates my Pericranium; to whom I will
make those just and rational Excuses, that she being all Kindness and good
Nature, shall be willing to pardon my unavoidable Absence; well knowing,

that all my Aftions must redound to her Honour, and to the increase of

her Fame; since all the Renown which I have won, or daily win, or shall
hereafter acquire,are only the effeAts of her Favour influencing and aQtuating
the Courage of her Vaslal. Hoy day, quo Sazcho, will ye ne're; ha* more
Wit then a Man may truss up in an Egg-shell2 Why, & ye intend then to
Travel so many thousand Tork-fyirve Miles and Way-bits for nothing ? And
lole'the Opportunity of a Marnage, that brings ye to a Kingdom ; a Kingdom,
thar, they say, is Twenty Thousand Leagues in Circuit ? A Kingdom
wherealt the Springs are full of boy!'d Plumb-Puddings and Cabbages, and
Surloyns of Roast-Beef hang roasting ! the Sun upon every Tree? A Kingdom
bigger then France, together with the Kings new Conquests, and all
their Dependencies ? Are ye not asham'd to-shew your self so void of -Ut-=
derstanding? Goto, therefore, and take a Fools Counsel for once ; wh

: 4 " is. £24 wes
7 lin. 4 : ON ACSI SE rt wk a8, ve - 5 . . —Þ
A LPT BU gp "Os os. et © Bots! Wh 5 ae Cr Gs g = LL NPR AST. _
2. Av © *SY A 8p. Ray TELE LE Ws - oh > ROT Pao y ater ies 7 i SS,
£ Ky VE A. 4%, Frey re NES Py Nc "39; ; AA Od 90K 4 FOI $ WINS ;
k , he” SIR, 1 . Ws 6; 4, ts at Rt ein EE jp Ye ol LONELY "KEN h_ OS
9 bo = BAR br, Vs Od TOI d-,

* 3 IE & 52%, "6s Ps s we Ei EY 3s Bb We "JREP FOLD 4.16 ; 99w)
Re fb MS. I. . RE. *; Fw OR FO? ae Ye EI Ne MN Re 6 WT Ap Nt
©4854 4 WMS X OY «- - 0 = WY 3 Ws hy” Ps, 2 Y . Ky. FRRns : 4 My % 5 F re Fg
xd; REN «0 NY / Eg”, _ " ' go pi it BY ** - + Wt gg pF #24: i s. Mt OE
L %s S- + oO Woo, 2B 9%. F: WT Y uy Pp 4A "Þ ag 4

Wy , # * [ * + þ y By : ; 4 1 7 : 's | 4 , _ + "yy SN
Þ. 2, Fe £ | as ” What's | Av: aha 3 EY %* . < 4 +5 Rr. ; ww

pI TIT" als.

PI "a £5 : " , » 4 |
Z © ” # : . " k . > . ", o {
4 1 FL F 5 f As a l n d q a. Y h 4 go ff or L, 1% 0 N % 4 $£f*.x% wu hs ” _— $4, EL " bh * Sr "1 i % . - Gn fl "
ied 2 et te * Os "IR \ as a & boa + 4 4. 4 : : __ = *
Þ 8 . K , —— 4 a. 5 þ P,7
F: % i 4, . F i. P Bo > 4 if x * wi y hank Pe 1736 s p - 3" - _-_
DN D Pp % . ” =” P LN br : EV id » y = F ?
Y : 44 : 65 0 k ' *
. 1 % fe Wy : F
$ 8 ; , f , " 4 v , » '# + \ , f
, ” 7 rover
ba $a : on "% i = * p bo 0 . , " < q # q F1 5 : »
| © £ | | - | P : eENOWwn f ; [0] N | ; T ws \ Q- F E ; iy I | |
p my E F v & X | p ©
P 7 ® ” 1 - hh. « % wt . q
oO 2 EY ESR Fd OTIS” - 6 £ OM - ' " 4 F
Ty 63 Hr

LR IT OE RE OR TT IT

hePÞrincessthe- first thing ye:do — Hang Licenses, Marry her, I ay, at;
the next Church ye come at, where' ye can'find a Cyrate'; or efse.let-our
own DoQor:;koit the: knot-tinder the next, Oak. ——— There's nothing like
Wiving and Thriving both in a-Year ———='You see; Sir, I understand-Frapz.
andTle say this for:my self to'boot, That think I: am'v1d enough to;give.
Counsel. - And therefore give me leave to tell ye, A Bird £ the Hands worth.
two'#.the Bush." Let's. but: once catch the Eel; - and then; we may, consider
at:leisure how to dress it. Sancho, reply'd Don Zaixote,; I am not ignorant
that thy Advice depends very much upon Self-interest ; I know the: reason
why thou arti{5-earnest for: me to-Marry,] 1s-meerly that I should make hast
to-Imperial Sovetaignty, on-purpose' to make thee a Prince —— And these
are the fears that spur thee-0n to talk one. word -for,me,. and two for. thy.
self.- But know;S2niho, thowecomplainft before.th' arg þurt ;: for'I intend to - |
put it-into my Conditions;before I go to fight:the. Giant, Thar if in case I kill
the Giant, I will have half the Kingdom at my disposal,;to/give towhom I
please. Which-being :grafited' (as I- vow; before rhat-he;under Hand and
Seal, Ile see the Giant, hang'd-before Te kill him). tro whem dostthou think
He bequeath:that' part of the Kingdom, but to:thy self ?-If so; $ir,quo,Sencho,
I beseech ye;:choose that part of the Kingdom which: 'tes. next che; Sea ;
where the Merchants may have free-liberty;to.come and Trade for my Slaves,
and TI may have the Adyantage to Ship off my. Money; if. my. Government -
should be mislik'd. So.then, as you have:contriv'd it very well,never troyþle
your self about visiting Madam Dulcizea, but go first. and knock the G'mt
o'the Head, for I fancy twill be an Adventare of great: Honour and Profit.
By: the Mass, Sancho, quo: Dow %urxote, and I think-so:too ; and therefore
The follow: thy {Advice : For 1 beheve *cwilt be much. better to visit Dy/cinea
afterwards, 'Jladen;with Honour, when FE-have murder'd the-Giant, and;restor*d'the
Ptincess to her Territopies.. Let it;be thy care then to keep lilence,
andinot to-disclose the least tittle of what Discourse has past between us,.to
any.Person living;! not {so much as to those. of ,our Company'; for Dulcinea
is so resery'd of her self, that-she does ' not. desire: any -body should. know
her-Private Concetns ;- besides; that-the; disgrace would be mine, to! seep
any such blabs.o? their Tongues' about, my'person. You, forget your felt,
cryd Sarcho;' for how canthat be, when you your self send all your, vanquish'd
wretches to Madam Dulcinea? Can you call that keeping her. Secrets,
ito-send a company of/-Slaves with their Chains rattling 1 the Stxeets,
tothrow'theinselves at her feet, for her to dispose of at her pleasure ? Whar
an ignorant 'Whelp; end Bacon art thou; quo'Dox Quixote, not to perceive that
this redounds allto;her Hogour-!- Besides, art thou so lt :vers'd 1n matters,of
Chivalry, asnow:to be to learn, that it is 'a/great Adyantage for a Lady, to
have-severalKoights-Errant for her Gallapts.; who expett no.other Recom-
ptnice* of | all "their Services; --but; the Honour of: performing em. for. her
fake, :andthe:favour of her:Acceptance? 7 :#tle Tatile; gi' the Goole,more
Hayp quo Savcho;::This is juistas Ihave heard; em Preach;; that weought to.
ldve God!'for: his owis fake ;| andyet at the same time they rell us of the jnvitations:
of: Paradice;: and-the 'tarments of /Hell ; tho-for, my; part, Ichink
we ought to.love God;:what-ever: comes-on't, as they! faig ar first. 7. The
Devil-cake thee:for a Clown; Sancho, cry.d' Don Lnixort 2nd yet who the
Devilwou'd take: theeifora Clown? -For sometimes thou talk'(t as rationally
and:tiscreet $A$:3f thou had&-Commenc'd Dottor: at; Sz/amance. So. far
from thar,” quo. Senebo; that-b never read-my-Horn-book 3. hut I have.a good

mind to learwone'of these days; when/I'm at leisure. Foxlam 'apt to-believe

ie.cah be.no;(prejudice-co me ;- besides,. they sayz;there, are some. Mea
\ Dobnett 2 Ts Y 2 | that

chat kd upon ”-— to be - Doftors; x who, | God knows, have hardly: varri:
ing enough to read their Neclk-Verse. | WES +54
While the Knight and the Squite were thus busis i in Discourse, the Bar:
bey cry'd out to 'em . to make a Hale, for that the Princess desir'd to; alip
ad dfink ot of a Fountain dlos&by the Road. This was a-great Kirk
to S4rcho, who: was quite tir'd with Lying, and afraid:his Master should
catch him failing itt his Memory, For the he knew that | Du/ci3ea was'no
better _ only plain Gaffer Hogg's Daughter, yet he had never seen her
in his life.” /
© Ontthe other side, Cardenio by this time had flipp'd himself into o Mrs. Dorothys
Masculine Habits, which "The had on, when they first met withtier;
which, tho they were none of the best, yet were they much better then his
own tatter'd Rags; '''Thereupon they all alighted, and fitring down by.the
Fountain, fell a banquetirlg upoa the short Comtnons which the Curate _
ile they werethus busie at their Repast, feeding like Fart: of Ma.
field, upon what they had, there happen'd to :comie up evin with'em as
they fare, a dapper” rinks Lad, who, after he had gaz'd awhile with a
wistfutEye upon the Company, approaching Dos 2uixore, and embracing
his Thighs 3 Goa ble your Worship, quo he, has your Worship forgot-ine
so sbott? Don't yoii ktiow your Slave, and poor Ardrew, that you found
fast borinid to ary Oak ? But I thank your pood Worship,” you ser rhe free
with xVenigeance— At those words, {Dol @+ixote immediately calld him
ro mind, took him'by the Hand, and then addrefling himself to the Company
Most astfious Princess;ahdyou Right Worthy Gentlemen, said he, you
have Here before ye an uncontroulable Demonstration of the vast Benefit,
and absolute Neeefsity of Kj:izht-Brrants, both to reform and punish the

Abusts and Disorders commend? inthe W&rld. I is now some Weeks ago,

thar iis'l was riding by a Wood; the Cries and bitter Cotnplaints of some

body in distress, pierc'd my comp Monate Firs :' Presently Tgallop'd toward

the Place where the On direQed me, togr ratifie my natural Inclination,

8nd the' Duty of oy Profession; 'and there Ifound this poor young Lad,'in
a most isetable, | diftfessed Condition ; and I profess, I'm h beach glad he's
ere to testifie the truth of what 1 fy. For tho a Knight-Errant, Vie as
patietitly suffer him togive methe Lye, as I wou'd my "Father, if he find
me iti'a ! Rodohibtuds, | say then, this Boy in that Wood was ty'd t0-8n
Oil: naked from the Waste upward, like a Wench upon! a Whipping-day
It Bidewel ; and there was a lufty Brawny-arm'd Countrey:Fellow, fegri
Tevefral- pretended: /Debts of Thievery and Neg gligence upon the Boy's: Bae
$nd'Shbtilders with a pair of 'Stirrup-leathers, so deep, ithat you . root
bury'd the Handle ofa Bracher's Sticking-knife in every one 26. the-
Futrows. Taskdithe Fellow, What a' meant by so much Cruelty ?- per
ansiver d wo LIE, the Boy was his Servant, and! that' he chastiz himfor
o and the d the Thievere which he! had committed; -- To which
y reply vo. bliibber ing and bleeding, that his Master" lash'd hinvfo-ss-
otily for "demanding his Wages. Wh the' Master would ha”
re idle Excuses that give me no SatisfuRtion at all. - In a'word,
cansY the 7oting Lad to beunbound, and made the Courtry-Fellow swear
7s 'the'Sa nah conld nw! of, that he: yen ret one Boy bome,[aind
Him & ro the very Coppe inia Tin-Farding.! i/Is: not
oe Was, the vey Coppebl bee how Lraneed ea foug. ,
ver; ind HheQord the Countty-Fellow ? And>-with whar' Submididn:ihe
romisd to xcooimplish whatever r impos'd,: ordaind, demanded. anon
mande

EMS, *, LY " ; Fey, "A
MY hag «tes; + As, | ; <<. 4 Ne: YA DS
4 he # 8) y *, RB eds. Foal Be a OTE) 292 4 AS
+ , : g WITSS Ly I * 1: A. i :Þ pay
) I Rod; PN; : INS x 7 Os ; FOOT IS Aa oP. 19, $6
wY { "oe 40 Pt re FATTY S 'K 7 3X YG oo & % $ SANE yt, 3 20006 $
a” : >. 8% _ . 0 5" 8s &»y Fx x os Axa F-:1 8
Xt Fo 5D Ay ** LE SY "5 R * 4 a 0. TS2K, p *, *%
SE; * No Wal « Eo : ; j L Io» 4 , 4 4 \ .
! F *C %'S 4 be” 3% = > ay © Fl $ F L , # Lo _ wo o - 4 » * « -
USER. 7 37% ©.99 No, f Rp _N; © is Hs
TREO ERS ++. 4% RE 4M [h bg. 2 y.. 2 _—_
$ teen Te : Ps 3A 1 l ts , ? C
© Lt Ya Mo beg 0 IN Pha 43,5 $7 4 ih o is HA + 7 YF 4
MW Obs 57. $46 Cy 43 Fas y s bs . . 4 PS 2
| « Ko < M 0 o L | hh BS _ F,
o_ 7 0 gs LE , lng |

72708 Kon v Oh e. &-xfh { Dn, 3
4%, * Mata , , ' L
Pr Og 4 . 51 L
ARE _—- MATE ata Lac _ :
\ A ba f * * TOY be” 14
D \ \ Co ”
"1 D # bs
"= & "wx & 4 Þ : ” h
wh L..4 , R 8 16 &, is s 'q C« s

YE SEV,
Pr 79 x
B F wb;
+4 FRY Ee, ” J
4% *st BY . ” *v
WT M$ Itg oe ©
SI 4 Woke. 4 Ong:
=> j hf
Il SI" 4 I'%
I Bp Ht

ws ri HAY,

PRE Ws 2 "au "I

thaniled? Speak truth, and shame the Devil, tell how: is yas boldly, with
ot Fomming and Hiving, withour Fhttery or Diffimutation,' bur\relace
— theStory without Welt or Guard, that thele People, who are all Persons
5 rag may understand the want of Xght-Erranrey in this >ynjuft -
Ton tell-troth himself, quo A4ndrew, could never ha'fpok'n more Truth —-
then your Worship has done. - But notwithstanding all-your Worshiffs good

Itentions, the Success of this Aﬀair didnot answer your Worship's ExpeQa-

Wo: ke 4
q 0 IF :
Me. ; 5 os. Kt z

on Qu1HOTE.

GI 0" a

tions. How, quo Do» Luixote ! not anfiver my ExpeQations ! why, did
not the Harg-dog pay thee thy Money the next Minure ?-So far from paying
me my Money, quo Andrew, that as thon as he found you were out'-o? fighe,
and out o hearing, he ty'd ey” 1-7 to the Oak, and ply'd his firit Lesson
vgtit: so finartly over my raw Flesh, that you wonld have'ruken" me for a
Hea'd Cat. And which was more, between every Stroke he truck, he had
Tome- bumnkinly Quibble qr other, in Deriflon of your Worship, calling y«
Hatchet and Gridiron-face, Lobster nnboil'd, Appurtenance'to ' Tinder:box; }
in Armour, 8c. that had I not been in that woful Plight, 1 cond have
laugh'd'my self to have heard him. ' In short, he so araromis'd! my Back 2
with his Leathern Thongs, thatT have been ever finge i'flie lame Hospita), I
where I became the Trophy of Art. And now to speak my mind (frankly; |
Sir Knight, 1 may thank you for all this— For had you rode 6n about your
own Afairs, without playing the busie Fool, Pp ye had nothing to do;
I had been releasd with a matter o' twenty Lashes, and my Master had paid
me what he ow'd me— But you call'd tt jo copy Rogues, Villains, and
Traitors, 'and ranted and roar'd so Hittle to the purpose, and put him into
sich a Fury, that noc being able to reak his Malice upoy you; he took
his Revenge upon my poor Shoulders. - The Mischief was, qo Dow Laixore,
that I went away a little too soon, I should have ftaid indeed till I'had
{een thee satisfy'd ; for those kind of Country-Bumkins are not apt to keep "F
their Words, unless it be for their Profit. However, thou mayst well re- —_—_
member, that I swore by.all the Heathen Gods, that if he did not pay 'J
thee, -I would return and find him out again, tho he were hid within the-
Bowels of the Earth. You did so, 'tis very true, Sir Knight, reply*d Andrew,
but what does that signifis now to me ? Thou shalt see whether it signifie |
any thing or no, quo Dox Quixote ; 'andfo said, he rose up in great Fury, -#
and commanded Sazcho to bridle Rosinante, who was at his Dinner, think- IE.
ing ho harm, within a Stone's throw of the Company... Upori that, Mrs. =_
Dorothy ask'd him, What he intended todo? Do, . quo he ! be gone imme- I
diately tochastize' this Brute'of a Clown—- and make: him pay to:the' ut- 8
most Farthing what he owes this poor Lad;-in despite of all the Bumkins C
and Scithe-men' i” the World that dare oppose me. ' But; Sir Knight, quo 2
Mrs: Dorochy, considering the Promise you have made me; you cannot in Y
Hononr nndertake an other: Adventure. till you have accomplishid:mine ;
andtherefore Ibeseech ye, delay this -less important Revenge, till |yor; ha?
restor'd me tomy Kingdom. ' That's but Jultice indecd, reply/d Dox {Quixot,
and therefore of neceflity, Andrew mult be patient, 'ritl I return again.
Bur by the lovely Dulcizess Chastity, 1 sivear once nore;! never to v1

Headivn her:siveetJocented Pillow, till T have teverig'd this yourg Lads
Caule; and freer him Tatisfy'd to Srrch Boarle, | 1 do not question inthe
least; ory'd Andrew, the Performance of these Oaths,, bur 1 had: rather b
your Worship would-bestow upon nie a small Piece of Silver to carry me 2

68:6), thenall the Revenges i'rhe World.” And having s> said, Ibeleech
ye, Sir Knighe,”contiguw'd he, hestow a Bir a" Bread and some few Charity

N \ WY -
«YL w C
. : _ þ he
z d I
RELIES. |

LE: 7 RRP. Le

The Life War Fchieomomr Iu

Findings upon a poor Sufferer for your fake, a
Errants: under th e Skie, and Ay; they prot rtunate-ior themsel
as they 'ha* been for me. .

\Upon. that, Sancho. pull'd out a Quarteraf a. OY Loaf wy a Piccs: Sth,
Cheese, and giving it to Andrew, here Brother, said he, *tis but Reason a
Christianity to: be; charitable to OWE in Miser pl Pray, what. sort of
Charity; is yours, cry'd Azd/ew? This piece, 0 bra and Cheese,
Sancho;' and God knows how-socn I may want it my self: For wv E Squires
to. Knig ht- Errants axe ever . and anon ready_to' perish, for Hunger. .and
Thirst: "And besides that, we are most cruelly tyranniz'd over by ill Luck,
and hard- Fortune,. and a thousand Accidents, that are sooner felt then.
lated.' Andrew: took: 'his Bread and his Cheese, and finding. .no other Cha Jarity:
Mopey stirring, , he: made %m an ugly Scrape, and. turn his Back to
the Oo! ' But before he NEOL off, turning about 0: Don Epos Sir
Knight, aid be, for. the Love 0? God, if ever. you find'r mg i th me oY
dition.again, tho you see my Bowels ready to drop out 0? Wy Body Y,..D
beliich'a-Coxcomb: again to come to my Assistance, but leave me ace the
Lash of; my: Misfortunes , which. cannot be. worse. then. wha t-.be fel me
throvgh your impertinent Vanity, Wording to. the Proverbs Fools will be
ed irg;; for; which the Curse. of God ! !ght upon. 208, andall other Knightents;that

from henceforth shall ever be PLnd ihe World. Wn
thats: Dop © uixore rose up-in a Feat EY, da £ giv
An »;the;Benec iCth on of his: C
his. lessiogs;
that Dox- Res. 19h refum'd his ha to, avoid t empt
but;{@ highly enragd ar Andrew's Dr ler npa I. were
forcd to fit as, deniure. as so | many £ should.

have, nreree: dime to Out. -Tagh.,.

” [ers LETTER -- H AP: As

rh Ns of whil bapen'd at the fm cp 4 PA
ft aids RY gh Ma oP 2 ;

N Fren they had rosresld ther Bodies wich corporal Food; they that had
L®J'i Beaftsof Cari Jo nog and those that had nohe; went a-foot.;
andGuring an ——__ - &foot, the next: day: they came, tothe Int; for -
which $azcho had the. same Kindness that:/a-Man has for a ja Wise.chae, yes
him for Alimodie;: 'Prese ently-the Inn: ge ; her Daughter,
anth!\Marirorpesy who. knew Don: a my 1g210, Without a
Profpditive-glass; :half a. Mile off,- wg yu withogredt
Demonsttations:of of -Joy. Nor ws tl hand-with -his Rewok
of Ayo: at). | ith, An..extra
Grz vit and: Rierene ls; kt al, r Grk ric the -Hostab-agy rovide- him.

ad: | Thatch. [ins
A ako A p
LDey, made imonc
Boks ond rod he, went a
ne: 33-2 Fox:dog,' Ay
land Folly .in:the. Moy
the Barber again by WHiTrngy

: #54" 6 : (47 & SIE ET) RS) 5 4* d .
La \ FE AA Mae Ss. : F LOR On OT Yoo DTT FO NNE. » Fi nm
WAL I > : - 5 Ds TT ING 4 iy Woot lo K 4:3 St Klooheecs at; a5 ES SF To of 4 PRE, LH 4 : TINY \ AR Cp PI Fs y Fe hs LG
ne es Oe BS CN Ed oo OE I A AE Loa DIRE wo In ESRI os od RE On ee gd.
YI % "TOS 8 j 5 & wes, WAS» LT, Ee i NETTING 23+ BET” £5" 6444 i Ws Aids Os OE A ISS. A 1 ks OS” (ROS Nh f I8 (- " KOOSE EE "28j RE ada: ad LR GY 8 3x tes Ea -1t: B:ofig 2 5 "ay BET -5y NE 1 bo. AA Se”. > PIG, 48 SEL) 4 f. iro :
Þ » bt Bos ot $;\ v} FO Ss {23 Mov. + Ts Set ; os TS Fo 24.28 a; 1; nat. LS 8 "2.5.4 . Ihre. " : fot” ho Þ FI SH 9 T- OBPEN E iy ab Ig ores Fon Oe" bo) EW. I Tate 5% 5 es - F p : k F — + IT Te 4s; wif Ae
fs el $01 I CNS "x SV. v.00 SCA Ts T0 bY TS : NP. 0 £ LS F a - #6 3 SEE jo - : 34 WE | LS Got oc 3, 87, EY 7 ” A
CO 0 94> ee SY Tg" ESE RO BEE on oo FOISE be in 3 ie ts Fant EAGER Ss , , te 08 : ae © bs Yy v eP? + Ws” +7 " VY fa $%Y 'F : ai, 8
f 1, 7 I Rp IT» 188 ot IE RT Ea Ws "hl 1 OWE: wy es. 4 #t=y | ! % +F.:4 yu ? # ! x | \'Þ Lf nl p
[4 p: . 4 x. LR WO 0 ES , - % p ; RN 0 SY, - - - by A 4 «3» ,
or ; is 3 4, EN I Oe , | | | ; ave A OD 2X"
i 4 : Ree WT ROTO 7 15 X - Re. uh,

# j , b : : 4 ,
a & 5 ACTI bf ts hboes - awrrac, LIENS :
». $4 : L | . ” . TS 4 ge aareiblnitngs ec” -þ ” , " "= ** A wen +7 Vs OW CON IS. grad»
POS. ” EE er NP © AGO II ren er oy re. | Fenn Gor CANINE: *s » i. a” Peet hee grey Rs 2/1 "OTE EY "gh
Jn i. CE "IVE Rae FR F T9 7 —_—
4 ( f : > s J%.2 , « f
q ; , l 2” p K.- R «lf L \ as CY £ %
rY 4 - q ' ” vy 1
| | +4 p CHOWNe : | | u ; T E, |
F \ 4 J %% > , - >) 7
* < Ll . 4 q : » ;

like; a Cock at a. Bilberry Bush, and catching ;him by.zbe false Bearl3/B

which he had borrow'd of her.
As for Mrs. Dorothy, all the Strangers that were i' the Inn, look'd upon
her to be wondrous pretty. . Nor were they so blind, but they could spit
Cardeni's Gentility, his graceful Meen, ahd comely Aspe&, through his
homely Shepherd's Weeds. The Inn-keeper also upon the Curare's word,
and out of the good Opinion he had of the Company, had provided 'em
a good handsom Dinner, considering 'twas an Inn no better then one of
your Forest-a-dean Houses of Entertainment. : However, they had more
anners then to awake Dox Qxixote, who lay snoaring like a West-Country
Carrier; for they thought that Sleep would do him more good then a
Sheriff's Feast. Therefore they fell on without him, and the Table-discourse
was all about the Follies and- Extravagancies of the poor Knight, and 'm
what Condition they had found him in the Mountain. On the other side,
the Hostess who was present, made a Repetition of all thar had befalln
the valiant Hero in his Rencounter with the Carrier and the Constable ; and
finding Sarcho was absent, she recounted the Story of his being coss'd i the
Blanket, which made the Company as trerry as {o- many Emmers uport 4
Corn-heap. From whence the Carare taking an Occasion to deplore the
Frenzies of the unfortunate Knight, charg?d all his Misfortunes upon his
Books of Kxight-Erraxtry, as having been the Occasion of all his Extravaancies.
How can that possibly be, reply'd the Inn-keeper, interrupting
im? Where is there any better reading 1 the World? I have some two
or three of these Books, and I with this Drink may be my Poison, if I don't
believe they have preserv'd not only mine, but the Lives of many others.
For in Harvest-time ye {hall have above twenty, sometimes thirty Reapers
and Mowers come hither of a ' Holy-day. Now becanse we 'ha' neithet
Shovel-boards, Billiard-tables, Nine-pins, Noddy-boards, nor Pigeon-holes,.
I fetch 'em out one of these Books; at what time they make choice of
one of the best Book-learn'd among "em, to read; andthen they fall a lift”-
ning, arid prating, and drinking, that it does my Heart good to see my
Cans empty*d so fasts which makes me love *em'so well, that fometitnes
when my House is empty, I can fic and read in'em a whole Day together:
For uy part, quo the Hostess, I have asmuch Reason to speak well of those
Books, as any body ; for we are never niote at quiet ? the House, never less
maundring, less jarring and brawling, then when my Husbatid is at his
Devotions, as I call 'em; that is, when heis smerking and finiling to himself
over his Knight-Errantry Books ; besides; that T am site tobe courted
that Night at a more then usual rate. All chis is true, ety'd Maritornes,
bur thar which delights me most, is, when I hear how the Lage lits

embracing his Lady under an Oraage-Tree , While the Lady's __
ands

key {5 R
MA > >aÞ Py
uns Ks bl ® » 5 os FY -» 3p
NL Wo 05 ne

Ks ; v2 %, » . . ” 4 + «
F j V , Ll ky g f ;
1 : h , l : - k
” $ 2 þ £44 14 J ,
Wo. , ' > Va 2 We” y : ” 4 WF,
, 5 FIEY A q FY
- —_ 2" se K; TED NE OE
ad ” o Waciby. watts: # _ tage - © ck a AID An A
orien IT pre - rig, erty 0 OO Ren rec VP” c _ OI V (e0'-; * # *
% Wu « ads | : ws 4
i 4 * &-- . P ; og «>
Pn 4 v = I »
X $ A 4 4” of "Y . ; a+ ;
te p, ; S ”

Y I OO Mt. 4 ae SY i —_ =)

Rtands:Sentitiel pirady ito!tear her” Flesh for! warit of che sawe_Pastime.
Agd what rhibks: 6uz .ray;pretty Maiden,['qub the Curate, addressing hitjiself
tothe Hostess's Dauphter'? ['Alas,? Sip 'y quo?be;! I know not whatbelong
toithese things3:iand yer-when I hear 'eryfedd their Stories; Thind #Kind
of Alteration:i>yy:Body; Iknow not how: Bur-8s 1'Hope-for Mercy my
{elk the mertiless:Gafhes which 'the: Knights! give one another,” and the
unreasonable Steaks:which they liver off frota one another's Cheeks"and
Shoulders; gonzo my: very'Heatt 3 'and Prvas sorhyfortthiepoor Genlertienr,
as;if it- were my:own Case-+— My Fathet knows, 2thit hence if en-
 $4g'd-among the Butchers at the Bear-Ga#dch,; I falaTqteaking afld fqualing
like! any thing;”: And then-when Ther the sad Groahs agd Limentas
tions of some kind hearted Knights,: when they are far fromtheir Miltiefses,
Icinnot for my!life;[biit T\must fall- a weeping for 'Companiy **Why then,
said Mrs. Dorothy, I perceive, Sweet-heart, you would riot be so if-natut'd,
to-let {a Knighr.lie: roaring andi bellowing+{o Tong, if yow-could* Relprhir
Phy Consciente mow, Madam; reply'd*the Virgin, T dont knowmy Wh
Mind, - But this:L am fare: of, that some dfithefs [dies axe so tefperately
euel, that theKnights cannot forbear'calling 'em Lyons; and 'Typresses, Har:
ary, Fares, and'I know-not what-myself ; which, if they deserve, I-wonger
how Ladies that: pretend to Honour and Conscience, cart be: so hard! hearrea;;rtdsuffera/Gentleman
that'so dearly: loves 'em, to dye,'or at least to run
Mad,) for'want of a Kiss'or nights Entertainment, --Lord 'bless'me 'Þ what
doesall this Coyness:[ipnifie ? For if they stand.ypon' their PunQtilio'sof Ho-
Hour, how' if 7 should prove with Child? let/*% mv marry: the Knights, as 1
would: do, if:I'were:in thei Condition: i - Hold: your -prating, Hufley, quo
the! Hostess ,' I: find you know 'more then you should:do already. / Good
Davighter, :no more 0. your Riff-raff; Maids'must be seen; and not heard—
Why, Mother, quo the Girl, I did but answer'the Gentleman and” the Gentlewptmian,;
and: I'm: sure: my School-mistress told me' 'twas' Manritrs"to
Ipeak: when.-I was spoke to: : 'So*ris, and 1' thank thee very kindly - Sweet
heart, reply'd; theCurate 3 and: then turning to the'Tiin-keeper, Landlord,
quo: he, i1f thy Books have such a Faculty to help down good Drink; fprethee:
let's see'em. With that-the Inn-keeper fetch'd out an'old monldy Cloakbag,
secur'd with a rusty Padlock, which after he had unlock'd, he'gave -
Air;to: Don Cironciglio of: Thrace,” Don Falix-mart of Hyrcania, the History
of . the' famons and.renowned Captain, Gontiles 'Hermandez of Cordovi, with the
Life of Valentine and. Orson , ' Bevis- of Southampton ,' and 'Gny of Warwick,
When the Cnrate had viewd 'em,: Neighbour, quo- he to'the 'Barbrf, we
want nothing more now, but our Friend's Neece and'his House-keeper; the
Court :and. the Window.. There's no such-need; quo'the' Barber, Ple undertake
to fling/em out! o this Window as: artificially, as-if I had'been seven
Years at; rhe! Trade ; or else-to'carry.*em to the Chimney, where 'there'is
as, good. a Fire as the Hangman himself could desire'tfor the+burning of a
Traitor's Tnerails.''. How, Gentlemen! 'cry*d the: Intitkeeper ?Ihope' ye
don't- intend ito'biirn - my. Books ?: 'Only'! five of *em; reply'd'the Cirave
Dom Cironcig yo, Felix-mart, Valentine: and Orson, Bevis' and Guy, \ Why
suxe; -quo the Inn-keeper, rhey:beno- Gi/rarichy, that 'you' cofridemn* em
thus furipusly. to the Flames. : rSc#/parrcks: thou' meant; quo the iCarute:
Well ,; Jet en be Z;soraricks i however, as'y* [are stout z *bermeteiful,;
quo:the Inn-keeper ;_ if 'ye-must- be: burning; burn! Hrrmawles and Girciz,
with all my heart, but for the rest/\ Tle.as:soon'burn my Wife and Childten.
Landlord, reply;d: the Curgrej as: for those: Books you would so” faifi ave,
they: arg nothing bat so many heaps of Lyes; meer RubBish, fitfornothing
$9107) | | ._- K, but

E997 4 5127» Urs IS A. Ie
om Oh ys "IL 35
l 6 p . . s | by "y F > REO 4s
g i ' »
a thx —_— NF "WF. 0 EL dy -
AI - RG : y_

g S 16; Te . 8 S% ,
wh 45 ; ' Fa ' TO apw<
oo L , - | P : .
bi & " " & »%" * ot ta z * , I - T* n ” g + x - o - ; 2s gu
£4 Wl i OE” TOC LS ee Sk "4 TR. "= 4 4» "__ ts s _ : { i ab 4, » I” 94 Mev wo ns
# \ - p ba M Ch A oe s” > SOM {4+ vb ”, F7 © | p MN... 4, J *Y Deel T ; IE”
, \ ; : ; bo * * 5 7 ores, PF = * o ds wy «tv og 4a a ncowmns rev 4
B ] : £ s T: # R F , , . Joe »
Fe / « 1 « —_ nf - v " by i Ly c +7 " * %
; | > 'eN0 ] R |
CY o , ; : ” . Y F Y .
» ' ve { , - ARE...

but Trunkmakers, But for:D. Garcia, he. was a famous Souldier indeed, and.
so strong that he would stop the Sails of a Wind-mill in a high Wind, with
one Hand ; and they say, that he himself fingly defended a Bridge again(t
a whole Army of Men, with many other renowned and famous Atchievemefits,
that if they had been recorded by another Historian, as they were
written by himself with a more:then ordinary Modesty, because he wou'd
not seem to be the Trumpeter of his own Fame, he had surpass'd all the
He@Gors, Achilles's, and Orlando Furiofe's, 1 the World, ' Pox— quo the -
Inn-keeper, what a Wonder you tell of stopping a Wind-mill Sail— read
Don Felix-mart, and you shall see how with one back-blow he- cut five
Giants as big about as the Monument, as evn and as {moothly i the middle,
that you could not see where his Sword had gone amiss ; And .how
he encounter'd all alone one of the greatest Armies that ever were seen,
and ihreded as small as Mince- meat, i haodead thousand Soldiers, allcompleatly
arm'd from Head to Foot ; and then you would burn Gy o' Warwick,
Nouns, Sir, there was never such a Knight i'the World ; upon whom,
as he was standing by some River or other, *cis no matter where, a fierce
Dragon leapt out of the River, and seiz'd upon, his Body ; but presently
the Knight ;taking hold of the ORE Throat, : grip'd his scalding hot
Wezand so hard,that the flamingMonster no longer able to breath, funk down
tothe bottom of the water forty fathom deep, and pulld the Knight after
him because he would not let go his hold ; but when he thought he had
been at the bottom of the River, he found himself in a magnificent Palace,
standing in the midst of pleasant Gardens and Paradise's ; at what time the
fiery Dragon turn'd into an elderly Gentleman, as venerable as the Masfer
of a Company upon a Court Day, who told him a thousand Stories as
strange to him, as the Lyes of a Traveller to a Knot of Bumkins in an 4/e-
house Chimney. Go, go, y are a Fool, Mr. Parsoz, these were brave Fellows
indeed—'TI'd not give a Fig for your Dox Garcia's, and your great Captains,
they 're not worth hanging to these. Upon that, Mrs. Dorothy turning to
Cardenio, What say you to all this ? Don't you think my Landlord in a fair
way to be a second Doz 2nixote? Truly I think him in as beatn a Road
toit, as from Loxdoy to Highgate; for I see he believes all that he reads
in these Romances to be Articles of Faith, and I defie all the Y:r:zuoss to
convince him to the Contrary; But, Landlord, quo the Carare, continuing
his Discourse, do you believe, as you hope to escape -Parzatory, that there
were any such Persons the World , as Cirongilio of Thrace, and Felix-
\ puart of Hircania, and the rest of the same Tribe ? Be not such a Fool— I
tell thee, they were all-a-Company of Fables invented by a fort of idle Fel-
© . lows thap had nothing else todo, for the Divertisement of those that were
as lazy as themselves. Such is the Folly of Men to complain of the Shortness
of Life, and yet know not what to do with what they have. -Believe
then what I say, for by. the word of a Priest , I swear to thee, there
is not a Tittle of Truth in-all thats written of these Kz7ight-Errants, Who
are you selling your Shells ts, Mr. Carate, reply'd the Inn-keeper ? To
those that come from St. Michael ? Good-now carry these Bones to another
Dog. 'Tis true, perhaps Iam none of the wisest, .yet Ide have ye to
know, tho I never studyd Darapri, nor Felapton, I am not so soon to be
converted neither; and therefore as y' are a University Scholar, don't
think to feed me with Pap:; for by my Wife's first Maiden-head, I am no
Child to be made believe, that these Books that are set forth with a Licenc'd
br Authority, which Authority is deriv'd from the Council Royal, God
bless *em ; contain nothing but Lyes and Forgeries to turn People's Brains
+XFK | 7, | an

» 7 ax JS RÞ. : + : .
4 wi pioneer —— k4..4 wy oy +1 eres os ye WA tbr ls 167 en yore 56:4 4846 wy — a ——_—
J xy ” 1 : fa \ 4 a p
. - 4 : - | 0 ; F 4 x ; :
e Life anda AtCDIeVements
« bo OOF)

OVER

and stock' Bedlam, Thave told ye already, Landlord, reply'd the Cur ateg
these things are permitted only for the 'Pastime 'of those that have no other
HR; and whose Quality and Degree exempts 'em fromthe Trouble
of Labour and Pains-taking. Therefore it is, that in all well-order'd
Common-wealths, several Sports and Recreations are allowd, as Cards,
Tables, Billiards, and the like, for the Divertisement of such as neither can,
neither does it behove 'em to work. And for the same' Reason they suffer
these sort of Books to be printed and fold; nor imagining there should be
any so ignorant, or so empty-pated, as to believe'there is any Truth in such
kind of Stories. And now, give me leave to tell ye,. were it seasonable,
or a thing that the Company desir'd, I would say something concerning
these Romances, how they ought to be compos'd, to the end they might be
of Use ; and perhaps my Discourse would neicher be unprotitable or dilplealing.
But there is a time for all things, and I hope one Day to impart
my Mind to those that may have Power to redress this National Grievance.
In the mean time, Landlord, believe what I say, and make'your best Advantape
of it ; and I pray God keep thee from being sick of Doz Quixote's
Disease. Ne're trouble your 'Head+for that, 'Sir, reply'd the Inn-keeper ;
Pm. sure I shall ne*re be sach a Fool as to turn Kr/ght-Errant; for I find
they are not so much in fashion, as they were formerly. Saxcho, who was
preseat at, some part of this Discourse, hearing K#2ht-Errantry exploded,
as quite out of fashion, and all Rowaxces run down for Fitions, Lyes, and
Chimera's, Rtood like Mumphazard, that was hangd for saying nothing,
penlive, melancholy, stupid, and all-besotted, tili reviv'd with a Gill of
the b<{t, he at length resolv'd to tarry alittle longer, and see the Iflue of
his Master's Journey; and in case ir did not answer his ExpeQtations, to leave
him there, and then to return home to his Wife and Children; and betake
himself to Hedging and Ditching,as he was wont to do. The Inn-keeper also
was about to have carry'd away his Portmantle and his Books, but the Cyrare
stopt him, telling -him he had a mind to see some Papers that he had only
cast his Eye upon, the rather because they were so fairly written.; and
taking out a handful at the same time, he found eight or ten Leaves together
with this Title at the Beginning, The Novel of the Curious Impertizent;
and after he had read a matter o? six or seven Lines to himself, Fakins,
quo he, this Title pleases me, and therefore I havea mind to read the
rest—Fetch,us t*other Bottle, Landlord. You will be very well pleas'd, I'le
assure ye, Sir, reply'd the Inn-keeper, for I have heard it read to several
of my Guests that have been highly merry with it ;' nay, I have had several
Booksellers here too, that have offer'd me Money for the Copy to
print it, but I refolv*d not to part with it ; beside that, I dare nax neither,
for fearthe owner of the Portmantle, that pawn'd it to me for his Reckonsing,
should come to fetch it wm and pay me my Money. For thoI am
an [nn-keeper, yet I pretend to have so much Conscience, as not to do m1
self an Injury. You speak honestly, reply'd the Cxrate, but if I like the
Story, T hope you'l let me takea Copy. VVith all my heart, Sir, upon
Condition you'l drink a Flask or two extraordinary.
VVhile they two were thus discoursing, - Carderio took up the Novel,
and having read a little way— Sir, said he to the Cyraze, I like it very well,
and I believe, if you will take the pains to read it out aloud, the whole Company'will
be glad to hear it. Mot willingly, reply'd the Czrare ;-but is it
not time to go to sleep, rather then read ? No; no, Mr. Carate, cry'd Mrs,
Dorothy, pray read it, I'd rather hear it then a Sermon— and besides, I
want something to revive my Spirits, for I am melancholy = a
\ | be: udden ;

op Ts "% p
| £8 x doin, 3 AY 7 2%. 7
BY ON i no a INE : i HON;

OO © 4 WAS, 3 ee F
pe , oo ; RP: 2-8

L1H EIS?
ot he 4 «
7 4 af % K-15 ” . 4 OTF 6 A 83 þ Y id
- þ 3064+ 9s "% On 4 4 Ft FIN 4- Ho. wa MF, px. £22 uu | 5
£ OF a & WEEN Ro a AOL Fre. Sen 7 * IE Mc *
a . pn 4 x4 «by Jae 5: od - . Lies x. " ; > : : U
» p. *» <4 o x % 4 - Ng RO * jor 4, +F % ©] 44. be 6 » *; + LO $44 £9 4 v £
vv F< 4 7 4. 2's
$8 $ ' % a bo 34 F. \ i + je
©; 9 P. Y bo 5. 2 "I x. y a> p, 1 .
oo D Gy , E344 7 OR. ,
e's y 4% AX ,: ”— " SEV We" ; | * pr I INES 4
£* *, x v7 a ” LAT. . ;
%e * - bs y ts Ns , OY RS 4 £ -. T1
Ry F o . * WAR" 4 4 - { : 4 f E
& - -s W id ul * thy Lo :
s Fs wh; PF 3 REI 9 II
3; g f bn k

: \Sancho; and the Barber made him the samer

he call'd fort. Nay, then, quo the Curaze, take y
tention : Thus end the Contents, the Chapter follows.

PI"Y a. ACS ard... "APTEFER x 1 ll _—_

CHAP. FE |

The NOVE L
ES OF THE SIE
CURIQUS IMP.ERTINENT.

FN Florence, a wealthy and famous City of 12aly, in the Province of Tuff

cany, there were two Gentlemen, Azselzz and Lothaire, who liv'd topether

in such a perfett Amity and Union, that they calld 'em the Two

Friends. ' They were both young, both of an Age, both Batchelors, and

had both the same Inclinations.; only that Anse/m was more amorous and

courtly, and Lorhaire more addifted to Hunting. But they lov'd like Pylades

and Orestes, wou'd forgoe their Pleasures at any time, to serve one
another ; and if one had Money, the t'other never wanted. Now mark
the Burden of all Novels; Anselm fell passionately in love with a molt
delicate, curious, peerless Paragon of Beauty, in the same City. And it
fell out so par, that her Birth, her Estate, her Alliances, were soequal to
His, that he resfoly'd , with the Consent of his Friend, ( for without
that, 'twas impossible for him 'to doany thing ) to demand. her in Mar-
Tiage. On the other ide, Lothaire was so far from displeasing his Friend,
that he undertook to make the Demand ; and so diligently beftirrd himself,
that in a few days he put his-Friend to bed to his Mistress fairly and henestly;
for which, both his Friend and Camila ( for that was the Gentlewoman's
Name.)-/gave him more Thanks then would ha' starv'd ten thousand
Cats. Lothaire also, which was but Reason, went every day to visit the

two marry'd Couple so long as Honey-moon lasted; nor would he be wanting

himself sometimes to fiddle, and sometimes to dance, as Occasion sery'd.
But the Holy-days being over, he thought it now proper, like a Man. of
Discretion to be more resery'd, and less frequent in his Visits; for that his
Friend being marry'd, the Case was alter'd, quo P/owdern; yet vowing

withal to meet him 2s often at the. Tavern, as ever he did before; and

there to be Cup and \Can, as formerly.

Onthe other side, 4»/e/m as enamour'd, and as eager as he was at his

Sport, wonder*d his Friend was grown such a Stranger, and came so seldom

to'visit him; and therefore one day, when he did come, expostulatedthe
Case with him, and told him, That Before-George he would .ne're hat

marry'd, had he thought that Matrimony would have eftrang'd em - one
from another :- That it was nsual for Women to claim their. Thirds, and

therefore the Law gave his Wife a Share i' their Friendship : That he hop'd

they two knew berter then to loose the peculiar Title of the Two Friends,

for the starch'd Niceties of Formality, or the idle Comments of Town-talk :
That Camille took his absenting himself as unkindly as he, and thought
{ - herself 6 happy in her Marriage, that there was nothing more delightful

Haden: \94cm0; and Ul \ooitu a wide prepares equest ; for Sexchosaid
he 'was melancholy too, and profer'd to fill the Curate his Cup, whenever
your places, and give At-

Tow - v "sf . « ; ;
bs.” Lol -þ 3 . |
KL Ln & ys # 5 | REG |
FORT.» ISL Ky 4 Dans vr” eteoartd RAN ont DECIDE
G | x b | +3 | : « p rad no \ ' ;
ho. : ww 4 ” ; , ; 2
| \ , : ; - ” F x » 4 y j %
; \ P P 1 : 7 | 4A
ra , ; d R.
ts er" TE O_o —ck- 6 wo wits Lads ama _———__

to her, then the Gghr of hich that had sb fortunately contriv'd-ie.

In {bbrt;

he us'd all the Ar F |

he did before; a unng him, that he could not. be. at rest without him.
To which Lothaire answer'd with. so much Modesty and Prudence, that
Anselm began. to think his Friend was in the right on't. However, to
prevent all Misunderstandings between Decency and Friendship, it was concluded,
That Lothaire should come twice a 'Week, and upon Holy-days

too, and dine at A»se/m's House, Which, tho Lothaire promis'd to do,

for the Satisfa&tion of his Friend ; yet he refolv'd with himself however,
to be still careful of his Friend's Honour, whose Repytation he valu'd beyond
his own. Quo he to himlelf, and he quo hea like an honest Gentleman;
A Man whom Heaven has blest with a beautiful Wife, had as
much need to take-care what Friends he brings to his House, as what

Orange, and Boon-Christian Women, what Ladies of Quality, :and Kinswomen,

came to vilit his Wife. For that those Bargains cannot be driven
i” the Market-place, or at Church, or at a great Invitation, or a Playhouse,
whither a Man canriot refuse his Wife to go sometimes, which are
concluded at home by a She-friend or a Kinswoman, of ' whom there is
little or no notice tak'n, How easily is a Þ-1/e#-doux convey'd ina Bunch of
Grapes, ora Boon-Christian ; nor shall she want InstruQtion which to chuse;
take this Pear, Madam, upon my word, *tis a choice piece of Fruit, and
cheap at Six-pence, Arselm, on the other side, who knew his Friend's
Thoughts as well as if he had been in his vel, made these Cautions an

Argument against him, urging, 'That for these very Reasons, it beliov'd |

every marry'd Man, to have a real Friend about him, to give him good Counsel,
and inform him when he did amiss ; for that many Men might be apt
tobe so-indulgent to their V Vives, and to be so hood-wink'd with Aﬀe-

tion and Dotage, that they. could not spice those Faults and: Contrivances,
whicha difereet and discerning Friend might be-able to do. . But notwith- |

standing //alt Azseby's Rhetorick , Lorhaire still kept to his Text, and
would not visit his Friend any oftner then he thought fitting, that is to say,
he very seldom went to see him. Shew me now such another Example
of real and sincere Amity ; for my part, I don't believe there ever was such
ahother as Lothaire, 'who'was so careful of his Friend's Honour, that he depriv'd
himself of his Company, for fear the world should mifinterpret his
Visits, and that at an Age that does not usually -make those sober Refle-
Ations where Pleasure is concernd.; so generous that. he would not give

ments imiginable 'so perswade Lorhiirt to visit him-as

IJ DAPI TS
4 wo ht þ y IP x; , ths Ws
—_ 4 ? <7” «is i, LA OP
al: "$155 - , 4 WY y br #
. 4 þ 1 t Pu - : - % #}
% > , v.28 , ” « : kh
y ” Mod % V4: F by
7 v; va .
FF Yeh 1a 3% =) » [4.7 , Wn

Occasion to the idle. world to: talk, or for malicious Eyes to observe the

frequent Visits of x wealthy Gentleman, and of noble Birth, to such a ce-

Tebrated Beauty as Camilla, to the Scandal of his friend's forehead, upon

which the vulgar would be presently grafting all the Horns in Epping- Forest,
upon the lea Surmises of their Malice, Yet-all this while ich was
Anselm's Impatience, that he never saw his Friend, but he upbraided him
with his Coldnefs, for which | Lotherre had always such proper |Excuses,
that Azselpz knew not how to be angry with him. But not long after,

as they were both walking together 1 the Fields, Anse/m taking Lothaire

by the:Hand ; One would think, Lorhaire, said he, that considering the -

Noble! Parents, and bestowing upon me with, such a liberal Hand; but

Favours which God had showr d upon me, in making me the Son
more-them all this, when I find my self belov'd by such a true Friend as
Lothaire, ard embrac'd by such a vertuous. Wife as the fair Camille, one

would think; T'say, that I should live contented' as one that enjoy'd all the
Happiness' that a Man can enjoy in this World. And yet for. all this,'I

find

SH er il, FO ORF * . . "wy 4 5 2s £ 3K - 4-5, A
Sr 4- fot Seer, 40 j- 4 \ | TS
\ L 4 wy : g 8a :
WJ 8 2 os
NE 01 : v7 ip
o % v 4 X
e ” bs. $$) ” vp 4
p ; ” at
F k . go . e. so
ante adioigh , ad wD _ «As i 4 4 # ' £ pag
- #96 WIT Were Be y_m* b- . ps :

findmy self 1s strangely distraQted in my Mind, fach'bd Conindratboand”
Whimfies lie wallowing and tumbling i' my Brains, that Teatingt tell how |
for the Soul and Blood o' me, to get rid of er... I cotifess, to iny Shame,chat
rhey are only the extravagant Fancies of a weak Head; at which 1 Gritiot
chuse but wonder, and as often highly blame' my elf. '-Bat they have por

\ slich an ascendaiit over me, that I cannot wirkftatd %rh ; and jt rakes
me mad to see my self almost beside my Wits. As for Example, Thez
thandring Jove in human Shape came stealing to Amphitryo's Be4— Whar
x pox have I to do with Jove or Amphitrjo —? there's neither Rliyme nor
Reason in't— and yer these things fill my Brains full o'Sparables— At other
tines I dream of Lords and Citizens Wiyes, Ladies and their Coachmen.
What-a-devil do these things concern me? And yet forhetimes rhey make. .
a tioise i* my Noddle like so many Paper-mills, Now as I thus became a
Nuisance to my self, I knew not where to apply my self for cure, but to
theonly faithful Friend that T have 1 the World ; and therefore I shall not
scruple to discover to thee the Cause of my Diftemper,. as being confident,
that no other 'Person under Heaven can relieve me. ' abodet fauna:

Axselm, amaz'd to hear his Friend talk idle at that rate, could not
divine what Maggot this should be, that had so faddehly wriggl'd it
self among the Tunicles of . his Brain. And therefore to fatisfie his Impatience,
he told him in plain Exglish, *Twas a Violation of the League between
em to fetch such a Compass about, before he came to the Point ;
that his Secrets did not use to come so hard from him ; and therefore whatever
it were, he defird him to out with it, since he khew his Friend was
bound to conceal it, tho *twere Treason it self. Why, faith my dear Friend,
reply Anselm, nothing bit Shame has ty'd my Torigue all this while—
And I could hang my self for trifling thus long, since *tis in vain for a
Man to hide his Disease from his Physician. Physician ! quo Lorhaire—
Fore-George, if it be any thing of a Clap, tis quite out. 'o my Road— No,
no, replyd Azschn, *tisa serious, a very ferions Business.” . I would try an
Experiment— I would fain know, Pox ont— 'twas just at. the Root of my
Tongue, andis slipp*'d down again—1I would fain know whether— Camilla
be aschaft, and as virtuous -as [I believe her to be— now *tis out. - . Bless
me ! what a ProjeQ ha' you teetn'd after such a hard Labour ? Why, faith
said Azsehr, 1 cannot tell-whether T think well or ill, but my Opinion is
this, That what ye call Verttue in Women, is like your counterfeit Pieces
that plister like Gold, but in peo anbbuceregy.., pb they vanish away in
Smoke and Steam. Yerrae is a specions word, an makes a fine shew, that
ofcinies covers a World of mysterious Wickedness. For Ido not believe that
Woman to be chast, that is never courted, or never folicited : Bur shethat
can relift the Promises, the Presents, the Tears, the Inmportunities, and
all the Temptations of a Diabolical Lover, she's the vertuons Woman.
For tho she hold out a Siege as long as Troy, if she: surrender at Iength,
I'd not give a single Mustard-seed for her Vertue ; nor would Tgive a Rush
for a Vertue that is grounded ton Fear,. or want of OPporrany: . She's
only vertuous, that holds out against all che Batteries of Enticement, and
the Enticernents even of their own Inclinations. Now I would fain try,
whether Camil;s Vertue be of this Nature. Tis true, such ESPAIOERS,
ate darigerous, but 'I shall ne*re be quiet © my Mind, cill I am satisfy'd in
rhis Particufar. If Camills stand to her Pan-pudding; if when she has run,
the Gantlet through all the Temprarions, Oaths, Vows, Protestations,
VViles and Stratagems of an importunate Lover, she come -oft without a.
Scar; then will I say, there's a VVoman falln to my Lot, after whom Ws

wt "4X 5 An 2.545, Js SES Mi: ' , lh £ ; n
LEBES 44S. aonnald.. oe SEG xs p 2% oy G 4 PE; Dy fe A 0 tle bh 3 F a, ”% ©, 2 gt 3 hari Fe 0 TP) 4 a « £ FEM2 Nt My: A , ;
iy £0 OR NS ate ED Oh RR Ba or dt ng iO BR I as EH Rog
Te ES Id ag tall 42 EE IP I Ee R., oY

, » \ Ee IN

? ” . a, As * - " *.
pn (On 78 >. \ Vs
TY © * »' % _ " - :
W;-\ p 9A $84! © , /
PET” . Y a6} VB 6b. nd, f Phe al Py 4.0. Ml \ 7 -
-—_ 5 Y h 4 : ane3 R 8 p. I 4
Jt xt r 67 ag - |
K wee, 4h 44 ROE PR $ + . , :
p ” Y He "oe LW
i NO : 7 k
= : 4 a w d TR, : *
K G i

Wise man makes Proclamation; on cries, Where's {ach a one to be found?
Bat if she falter and give ground, 1 shall, have this Advantage at least,not to.
have been deceivd in ny Opinion, and. that I was not cully'd by that Confidence,
which abuses so many other Men. And therefore never go about.
to spend words in vain,' in hopes to divert me from my Delign, for you;
may as well take the Moon by the Horns ;- but prepare your self to do me __
this Kindness, upon the score of our long continu'd and inviolable Friendship.
Make all the Applications to her. imaginable, swear, vow, protest,
fall at her Knees, whine, pine, lament and mourn; spare neither for Neck- -
laces of Pearl, nor Gold Watches ; let her not want any Rarity that Spring,
Summer, or the more fruitful Autumn yields : In short, use all the Stratagems
and Devices that human Wit, or the Subtilty of the Devil can invent
to debauch-an honest, honourable, reserv'd, modest, gooly, vertuous
Woman ; and believing thou canst not give me.a' more sensible Proof of
thy Kindness, begin. as soon as thoucanst. Aselm here making a stop, Lothario
more astonish'd now then he was before, star'd him 1' the face a good
while, without «ave a word, like one that had been gazing vous omething
he had never. seen before; till after he had reeolletted himself,
Frieny Safe, 10 he, had I thought you had been in earnest all this.
while, I Thould never have heard ye so patiently, and so long, without -

an Interruption, Surely, either thou doft not know 'me, ' or I don't knowthee.
But T think I know thee to be Azse/ ; - and I believe thou knowst me
to be Lothario: Here's the Mischief on't, that I think thou art not the same
Anschn thou wer't wont to be, and thou tak'st me not to be the same Lothairo
that 1. ought to- be. For neither is'the Kindness of that Nature to
be desfird by Ansel, ior tobegranted by Lothario. We are to make use
of our Friends to such a Degree, and no farther ; and to make trial of their

i PV WE EE FEFTIy

Friendship in things that are reasonable, not in things that are contrary to
common: Sense ; and if not prejudicial, at least of no Adyanage to thelmposer.

You wou'd have me make love to your Wife, and use my utmost
Endeavours to debauch her: If you believe her vertuous, what would ye
have more ? Or what will my Endeavours add to her Merit ? But if I do 6
bauch her, what then? Then is your Life at an end ; for the loss of Reputa+
tion, is the loss of Life ; and what will the world most justly say of me, for
abusing and dishonouring my Friend ? By my troth, you have study'd one of
the most ingenious Contrivances to ruine your self and your friend too, that
ever I heard of, If you question, whether Camila be as prudent. as other
Women, take her as she 1s, either better or worse, till ye find her -worse
then she' is. For'tis better to'enjoy a quiet Uncertainty, then to bring an
old -House upon a Man's Head, by trying Experiments. Remember, friend
Ansehn, that the Honour of a Woman consists in the good Opinion which
the world has of her ; then content your self with your own and the. good
Opinion of the world to boot, and never go about, out of an idle and. impertinent
Curiosity to lay Snares meerly to shew the Excellency o? your
Trap; which, when all is done, does but catch prone 1nc/i»ation with the.
Baits that are natnral to it. For in short, a Woman is like a'polishd Glass,
whichis tarnish'd with the least breathing upon it : A delicate Flower, that
sullies and withers with the softest Touch. To this Purpose, I remember
the Advice of. an grave 0/4 Toast, to the Father of acertain young Virgin in
a Comedy, 'to keep a diligent watch over his Daughter, to shut her up, and
Dbt to trust her to her sel z andit mistake not, the words were these.

BookIV. The Renowned Don Qui1xorTE.

P "Y £2] F : 4 Te” Fo : bY - WITS O14” "A 0 - -
G7 "$4 89 0 es RI TT, $t. ; BEL 1 0 OE Ro WOW EN”, OO Af FIT EE Phot at Wl WEL SR 1h
Tr 24 bs Sr One ETERSR. 7 WOE 9311 #8 a he V RS 0 9x23 "WY 16 > {3 4 MT 1's $5.4 ad it b RL, SP 37-4 ot OT. E807” ba BAT EL IGST | Hy om WIS 7 lets 55 -:# $X- » pw de EN. 35s ns For .
y he ORR. AA bad "ado. 2 LY WE A ILSS os eta ED PE TI I Lol nl #6. LI 3 YA TIS. No ant ON, 7 ET IO LES, Fe arr We CE : Sigh a ee 4 Xa ON BOS EO Ebb 85 - LE STE
i 2 HB Sto Þ Fee A db Eh EE bed CS Roh. bn A a 3 ed nt a OL N42 4ST; T9 (uy MN 9p t Te % Wb ora 6-42 4 Ny * -
» , 18 Ye BY (ad) 5 IL fk ES GY ' WY+s + KS s wh 1 4 # $a p * 5 : : J : . :
py CJR EY c > F? We tn 73> £ S eb5; 4 : WW. =, ar G 6 ;

go; of HE that thinks 4 Woman Glase,

Let him ner be trying tricks; ,
For as sure as God's in Gloster,
If he lets her fall, spe breaks.

But when sbe's broke, the Devil himself
Can never soder up the Wound; -- 3381

And therefore while she's whole, be sur
To have 4 care, awd keep her sound.

For certain "tis, that were there now
More Dana@'s thep could be told,

T here wou'd not want for evry one

As many charming showers of Gold.

And now, said Lothario, having j k'n thus much for your Interest give

me leave to say something for my felt. You look upon me' to be your real
Friend, and yet you go about to take away my Honour ; aiid would ha* me
be the Iastrument of ruining yours : Wise work in good truth. . What
will Camila think, when she shall hear my lewd Addrefles to her, but that
I am a perfidious Son of Voluptuousness, that makes no scruple to violate
the most Sacred Laws of Eriend{hip, or to Sacrifice my Reputation to the
ticklings of sensual Pleasure? Will she. not have reason to be offended at a
Liberty thag will seem to reproach her, as-1f I had obsery'd a particular
Lightness and Vanity in her ConduQ ? Or if I find her yielding, will it
become me to betray Anselm? Or if I cannot accomplish. my ends ,

can she have a greater hatred, then for the Person, on whom

had bestow'd such marks of her favour, meerly to make a May- garhe 0
her Credulity ? Or if I excuse my s#If, and «say, I dil it-to please you;
what will she think of me for accepting such a Commission ? And :how
will she despise the Person that Sign'd it ? What will all Men of Honour
think of me, for having troubl'd the repose of all your Family with a false
Complailante? Shall we not become the Publick Laughter of chose that
admir'd our strict and matchless Amity ? Believe me therefore, dear Ansel»,

live undisturb'd in an Opinion that renders thee happy ; and consider that

thou venturst thousands to a Nut-shell, in so rash arid impertinent a folly.
In a word, without flattery, I take it ill, that you should make me such
an idle and dishonourable Proposal; and be afsurd, that I will never do ye
this dangerous piece of Service, tho it should cost me your Friendship,
which would to me be the greatest Loss !' the World. +21, Ja

These home-thrusts of Lorhario put Ax/elm into such a Confulion, that
for a good while he stood as mute as a Fish, till having found his Toague
in a condition to move; Friend Lothario, {aid he, I have heard thee with
all the Attention and SatisfaCtion imaginable ; and have observ'd in thy Expressions
all that Discretion and Prudence could utter : Ahd this Refusal of
thine has signaliz'd thy Friendship to the highest degree. I confess my Request'is
unjust, and such a one, of which the Consequences cannot chuse
bur be fatal ; and that if I don't follow thy Counsel, I am a Mad-man, and
hurry my self into a most dreadful Precipice. But I arh sick, Lothario, I am
sick; and of a Disternper that rages incessantly within me and a desperate
Disease must have a desperate Cure : Besides, you see that Chalk, Oatmea],
Coals, the raw Steaks of a Butcher's Arm, will never hurt those that long

\ —- A at % P. > = ny a ; k $ l .
V4 , , , & C. » : F
He. d ol : O " 6 R > M « " v5
Bo ns X ; %, S. | |
p- - "Y ; 0 A. 4 Oe FRE
3. hv has Ks on hk Car We. 4 wo 4 digits as... v- p vw Srnald* by bor $04 6.64 Vub 7 Gans C9 oo Ge Sh ref eo yas so ut ef we ors ef ere » 8 2 5 * * FIT , OW.
Pi R af f A |
b _ a X

for 'em. I conceal'd my Infirmity a long time, in hopes I might surmoune
it ;- but 'tis become my Master, and:my deplorable Condition obliges me to
seek for aid. Forsake me nor gherefore in my distress, dear Friend —-
Never stand arguing with a man that has: lost his Reason —— Why — if
I have a mind to be a Cuckold, why should you contradict me? Prithee
try Camilla, gently at first, for fear of dashing, I dare say she wont surrender
at the first Assault ; and perhaps that small Experiment may fatisfie
me, that 1 may return to my Senses again without any more. If
thou art successful over the left shoulder, and art forcd to raise thy Siege
from my beloved Lady Vienna, then {hall I be happier then the Great Mogul,
and the King of Persia ; and thou wilt have the Honour to have outdone
all the Physicians in Londox, where'I think there are more then enow ;
and to have Curd one of the oddest Frenzies that ever was heard of. And
for Camilla, let- me alone to put it off with a Jest, and pacifie her well
enough. But do it, dear Lothario, do it for my sake, do it for her sake,
do it for Heav*n's sake, do it for thy own sake, and for the sake of all that
bn _ to thee i the World; or elle I must be forc'd to employ some body
- -\Lothario finding Axselm so resolutely bent, and the danger of a Refusal,
determind to accept the strange Commission, the rather because he was
satisfied that he had difcharg'd his Conscience to the full, both like a Gentleman
and a Friend; resolving however to carry his business so cunningly,
as to satisfie the Hypochondriacal Axseim, and yet not offend Camila neither.
And having thus concluded within himself; You shall not need, quo he to
Anselm, to-employ any body else, for I find my Complaisance too weak to
withitand any ac the force of your Entreaties. At'which words A»selm
embracd him with that AﬀeQtion, as if it had been Camilla her self triumphant
over all the sevendeadly Sins. | HE
After that, they drank a chirping Cup together, and 4»/e/m drew out
a draught of the Method which Lothario was to observe ; not forgetting
what 'fort of. Tunes he would have for the Serenades, and what sort of
Songs he. would have' for the Tunes, which he offer'd to make himself, if
Lothario thought he could not be at leisure, for Courting his Wife. Moreover,
he promis'd"to send Lothario Money to defray the Expences of his
Entertainments, his Coach-hire to and fro; together with what Watches,
Rings, and Jewels he shonld think convenient for Temptation-Presents :
For all which Lo#hario took his word, without troubling a Scriv®ner to draw
up Articles. Which done,' A»se/nz carry'd Lothario home to his Houle ,
where he found Camilla in a twitter, for his having staid till Dinner was almost
spoyPd. After Dinner, and a Game or two at Back-Gammon, Lothario
took his leave for that time, and retird to his Lodging, very much
difturbd'in his mind. about the hard Duty which his Friend had impos'd upon
him. That Night he lay tumbling and tossing, and considering with himself
how to manage his Business ; and the next day away he went again to.
Dine with his Friend, where Cami receiv'd him as her Husband's Acquaintance,
with all the becoming freedom imaginable ; as orie in whose Company
she knew her.Husband delighted, and to whom she was her self not a
little engagd. They had no sooner clos'd up their Stomacks with their Pippins
and Carraway Comfits, but A»/e/m, rising hastily from the Table,
told''em, that he had urgent Business that call'd him abroad, and therefore
begg'd of Lotharioto keep his Wife Company till his Return ; and notwithstanding
all Lorhario's entreaties, that he might bear him Company, and
Camilla's endearing Prithee my Hony's and Sweet-heart's , to retain him at
home,

eb; "TL WERE, : -
6 Fa 4 NS 43 WF.) x Df 29, Jo "gh
PN * S, de Se EE By SIRE © ACRE nl ET
4 A et WEN hod £ LAS, | RE ES” LILEIRN b
W * oe PRA As es Fee” oF ER, _ #\ % by
W.75 We: 7 p SE SPIE CL of ARISE EE LOO Wd RD nt ns a1 7 S's i Wok
att : i * Wes CORR, wn RY $ad7's ME DTS 1 Tr 0 RD ORE Pp I I Wer : |
y þ, © v y Borv.. 0 - 4 - my ; ” & s ” & : 4. EO mn Wk 3. 'E: £3 R ISS Ire "FA bY rt 4 us : with od; a ah $$ F
. ' : 02-6. Ga "a 46 I ta Ke *. > i, Bets Ke SY proach : RE 2s
{4 9. AL, F- : 7 ” 1 . . » ; AU ( «3k | 45 ; ; 5 INE $2 En by. Fc 0M LE ? "4
«© {an af weir be . PR. "OY OS 5 OS PE = as. at POLO #s OY . : K, ” 4% oy WY "3% *G 4 pe > Fo. FL a - # 3 c p 3
: 0 . - F E \ , —— s _ Mend j 4 , — Y
"_ 2. SY ' V's ' ( * { . | ,
Wb ” , E . ; x
WES EEE | ; ate EY hw FO 2 C79
ws -» Y ' - - {4 = od , < _ _
od : þ A - P X $. _— Pn. y y ., 2 [on % P a” F p- . " Foe P . : *s
Þ 7 - pe "M24 = = 4 % 4 \ »
eCNOwWs. | Ll Nt v IL Oo | E
z 2 4 : ”Y : Y [ , ..
ng” 1 : « if
5 . . " " s « v Ly *%. u F of s
«a. Iv DD . OT "_ ; $a :
ha | . , "AG EIS ; 6, "OS P
, + Ba 35s l 5 PR "T2

ane, noting would'db.; he hid'no; soofier-comb*d our his Perrwnds, bus |
away he flung, leaving Lot#arioand his Wifo in the Room togerber:”': And
ther it was, chr Forhards foun@hinself atirhe strangest Non-plus thatever
ke was in hs life; nor knowing, whae ? rhe World'to do, toavoidrhe danger
that threatned the forehead of his Friend. Ar lenprh. he fain'd/hinafelf
to'be very, sleepy, and after he had seemingly endeavour'd'to wake himself
two or three times, he bIPd backward in his Chair, andbetook himfalf to
Dog-sleep ; for as I may tell to you, he was no more fiepy. then when he
waled i rhe Moming. About twy hours aftor,' Avs6/w'rgtwen'd, and: finding
Camills i the Room, 'andLorbario fast asleep, as he thought, he confecur'd,
he had eyr&himfetf with talking, and therefore staid rilll/ he was
awake, to know how far he had/proceeded. Locharioanfiverd him, thas
He did not chink it convenient to provoke Camille tog far'at the. first dash;
#nd therefore: he had only discours'd her at @ distance, concerning the Per-
feQtions of her own Beauty, and amusd' her with the general Talle of the
Fawn, of the Happy Choice thar A»/elr» had: made ofa Wife 3 not donbting
but to infinuate himself by degrees, as having prepar'd her'to hear'ftoriesaf
another Nature the next time : Observing the Devil's Method, who
when he has a design to deceive poor Mortals, does not fshew his Cloven
foot at first, but transforms himself into an Angel of : Light, Which beginning
extreamly pleas'd Ansths., Several days thus past over, wherein
Lorherro fpake not #\word to Camilla; only he made hey Husband believe he
had us all the Art and Arguments, with which the Devil had liberally fur-
nififd him, -but conld not make the least Impression upon her AﬀeQtion : On
the orfier side, thar she did: nothing but cry fe, and our apra him; and*thar
the did not rhink he had been such a one, and at length- ehreaten'd £0 tell
her Husband, —_— to come into his Company more, if ever he offerd
her any sach, idle Disconrse again. © 6 19 T3 2900
Hippy hed After been, # this work hw: gina him Saricfation- Bui
ris nat tq be avoided, where the Devil owes a man « shame; for the Devit
scorns to take: White- Fryers for such a Debt. Thus far, said 4»/chr,
Camilla has withstood the Batteries of Words, now let's see how she will
resist the force of Deeds. To morrow Tle send ye in two hundred Guineys
fora Prefenr, and' two hundred more for a Garnish of Diamonds ; for Women
foye to see their Stomachers twinkling with Jewels, like zhe Sky in a
Night ; atid if Camille refuses Them, Vie never trouble thee. farther.
Wel ».cry d Lethario, Tle go forward, fincel ha' begun; but Fm confident
das good ha” play'd away your Money at I» and tn i'the Temple-Hall —
laweyer, che nike da Ansel, who like a Merchant that stands upon his
Credir, was too puniftual to fail of his word, sent in his Friend the four
hundred Guineys, which plyng'd Lothario againinto new' Cares : But still
he concluded to say, that Camills was not to be mov'd, and that he was
afraid of incurring hex hatred by teizing her. And indeed he might easily
have come off with Honour, had Anselm been Master of himself ; but bis
Brains were so tam'd in his Skull, that nothing would content him. One
day therefore, after he had left Lothario and Camrlla alone, as he was wont
so da,he withdrew himself into an upper Room, where hs coutd see all that
pas'd between the two sypposed Lovers. ' Bur when he had staid there
above.an Hour, he observ'd rhat in all that time, Lorhario did not fomuch
as open his Lips, which made him believe , that what he had. said of
Camilla, were all meer Shams, Upon which, returning into the Room;and

taking Lorhario aside ; What a scurvy Humour is Camilla in to day, quo he ?

She Has piss'd upon a Nettle, 1 _, quo Lorhario; for she's a: froppish,
NAS ENS a a$

as if she had lost the first Present that you made her: so. cholenck, so pettisb,
sa-peevish, so waspish;: thar I durst not speak a word to her— Ah, Lothariag
Lotharia! cry'd Anselm, hehis the Effect of your Promiles ? Is this the
Discharge of a Trust; which lexpeRed from your Friendship ?, I ha' stood
upon the Watch, where I have all this while observ'd, that. you . have not
spoke aword to Camilla— there's Courtship: for mine A— and not for a brisk
Lady —-Why: don't ye give me leave to make use of some body. else, if you
are so tender-Consciencd?. | _ | bo et oetantt
Lothairo finding; himself so trapp'd, that he-had not one hole to creep.out
at, and. being in'the/Number of those that could not.tell;a Lye, and and
1n it, thought it.convenient to play another, Game; 'and {wore more Qaths
then are Thom of .a' Night in a Gaming-Ordinary, . that it should
cost him a fall, but he wonld do. his Business. . A/e/x believ'd him, and to
give him the more Liberty, resolvd to go into: the Country for a matter of
cight days." Now: was there ever sach a Puppy ! the world ? when: he
had all things, at home to his own Heart's content, a fair Estate, , a handsom;
loving, obsequious Wife; yet all this wou'd not content him, burthat
he.must be studying, and searching. out new. Passages to Nova Zembla,
new Hud/on's Bays;; to his own Ruine ?, But no more of these Digresfions,
let's go.on with ofr-Story.. - J | x af. TE IN
Industrious 4»/e/-z went the: next Morning into the Country ; .but. .ta-
king/leave of his Wife, My Dear, quo he, urgent Business calls me away,
however, I leave ye. my friend: Lothario, to whom [I desire ye 1 the mean
time to beas kindand civil asto my self. . My Dear, quo Camilla, thisis your
Order,:but a strange Injuntion. Joy, quo she, d' ye; understand. what Jo
do?. for it troubles me very much to obey; for that it was beyond the Li»
mits of.Decency, that Lozhario and she should live with that Familiarity
together in his Absence. If ye doubt that I am not. able. to- govern. your
House, I bescech ;ye,, my Dear; stay and be a Witness your self. of my;Ma-
nagement,: that:if 1 do. amiss, 1 may be better inform'd by. your InftruQtion.
No-more Words, cry'd Axse/m, with a Matrimonial Frown 3 and so saying,
ng en of her Company. Sa he Ns _
The next'day Lothario came to visit Camilla, who receiv'd .him with:all
the Modesty —_—_—; and she had taken such care, that. she would not
be a moment in the Room, without some. body. by her, Spacey Lyonella,
a Maid that had been bred up with her, and © whom she had a.very
great Kindness; © ME vr +: Fact
For the three first Days Lothario {aid nothing toher, tho he had Opportunity.
enough while the Servants were at Dinner. Of which Camilla being
well aware, . order*d Lyoze/la for the future to dine before the rest, that
she might continually have her by her. . But the giddy Girl, having other
Crotchets in her Head, and not caring to stay long in a place, many times
took: Occasions to leave Lorhario and her Mistress alone. Nevertheless Lothario
still forbore to take Opportunity by the Forelock, whether it were,that
he could /not find in his heart to' injure his Friend, or whether he thought
It, t00. much below. a Gentleman to wrong a Lady that treated him with
so-much. Civility ;. or ;perhaps because, tho Camilla were beantiful and free
in her'Behaviour, yet the Gravity and Reserv'dness of her Carriage struck
{uch-an Awe into. him, that restrain'd the loose Attempts of his irregular
Desires. | But at:length this Constraint that Lochario put upon himself, and
all his long Silence, produc'd an Effe& quite contrary to. bis laudable Intentions,

For at length the Charms of her Beauty made that Impreflion
4n his Mind, which he had been all along so much afraid of; and wow
4 + [en Rb THES -j

Fook v. "The Romwnd Þ Do: 2; F

ke only thought to behold thy with. 'a modest; ind Gotorniog Relpethyihe
hejjari to admire( Her, andto-lodke upon hev'ivithe sobmbch Deb om
& could ng ' nofix” his E yes from their 'betbvedl ObjeM>:1n; $7

stale inn mro his Hear eartg'uhd' 34 home great iÞr nord ov he
a1 au »# ng when hes6und himself vver- Shan oven Bver; badkthar
is Heart was: alt. of a, Blaze,” beyond'the/Quehching)vfoche: Cir Engines;
then what a Tbi ; what' zBuslle whit 2 Olttterwas4hereWha cq Di
and'contests, fiercer thenehess 08 hiog- and! Hyg, bettudens Tran:

chery and Hogonr? "What Duels and 'Conbats- berween grow1ngoRassion,
and Breach of Eriendfhip ? What Figevps and Checks of -Confoiencep and
Reprqaches of coptmon Morality? Piety ass and Religion were come as fr as
the "Group '&f his Heart 5*btt Sura bs Oeing preseatly; steps tocthe
Dopx, and, barrd itar ozinsk tm He * : thousand times his:rash
Com pliance with the Folly of his Friend,-! "Sthat at'tength ir--came- to-\a
oleh Battel be etween his Yerrnes and his? Puflons, underthe Command of
nou and” Fidtlity of the one side, 1mparieat- Desire andi lawke8: Pltafurt
ohe other side ; Agd the: Confli was obstinately: maintainid, tibtCanilfa's
and.” uschn's Destiny, to punish" his Imprudence;' coming in with

fell} Reinforcement, put Yjrive and Christianity: $0:flight;- withuthe. loss
Hobs and Fidelity slain wporrt the place.” *And now- Lotharis, be)reving
the Resistance' of son: Days sufficient t6 excase his Disloyaley 1to his
Friend, as one that thought himself no longer oblig*d to hold out,>'where
he saw no po NY of being reliev'd, let loose the Reins” of his Passion,
and boldly difcovert the Viet ence of his Love to Camilla,\ On the other
side, Camille, ftrapgely furpriz/d: to find- her self so vigorously,, © saddenbra
and so unexptQecd y afail'd, aid not a'word, bur risigg haftil y'from her
hair , retir'd into her Chamber. But this difdainful: Repulls nothing
nacalh? Lorbario, Tather it 'begat in him a higher Estee of her-Pesson ;and
o_ esteem. addipg Fewel to his Flames, he/reso'v'd ro-proftcute ' Ris De:
In the mean time Cai#4, after'a long: Confiltation wich her self

i. of Course to take, at oy th conclufed to withdraw: her felfftom Lo:
thario's Compan ; and i in.the Evening sent aLacquey vey” to WE Husband,
with the Oy Lane toxecall him home. a&

3 auld. *
mw 4 4 —s Eo 4 "gry us Wwe -_ » a" *x wv TEf*I y my | x pe T

| © H A1 P. "vir ==
The. | Squl of the Novel of the Qurious lempertinens.

My Dear 3
x 7OU have shew'd an extraordingry Confidence in leaving o me alone,
© YL and Ifindmy felt highly oblig'd to ye for it. But I cannot thinkjr-fþ
f discreetly done,or that you are so jealous as you oughr,of aHappiness,which

you pretend so highly to esteem, For my own part, confidefing the real and
tender AﬀeCion I have for, yes, I am not able any longer to' endure your
Absence, finding my self. fa melancholy, and þ difturd'd i. m y Thoughts,
© that if you do olg edily Teturrt, I must be forced to go bot to my Fa-
ther. For, to' tell ye > Truth, 1 arm afraid thar the person, whom yee have
entrusted with the Nis of your Family, minds more his own, then your
Concerns, Bux you are wise and prudent, and therefore 1 shall lay 'no

more. |
Aaz By

< ef R 4 4 uf << t «

We We , Ky \ s Pts ” LET Sy Ms OS CAE BIB 4 x
x Py £ : wg APP © CBT PAL, A SS ER > LOO" ELIA He! p CNT: we Br By: wh” £2 4 OS Moe
ap Rhee 20 TP - arab {na SON ot FR on 5% CONE keto ay: IJ 6. Ad SMES NPR Ro lobe £6 wilt (NOS CI $f En SE. Os - DN hs fr PREISE
UP 354 wht OD EOBEY edn EMERSON DR RO WS Te Cn AM 4s 2." CAT I 2, TT ES (IPD
OE TOR ATI” ITS oo IRS TS ORE So FE wy Gn IS oi [3a Sa, < : UE RSs 442 "ve TSS, Ot OT OA $62 KP 45 ON
rae a OR at A Ro ee OO Py. en dhe A Ts he ANTON - 1 AP Rb; Moths, dl ag i EDIT RT le
i*% SO * we Ws ar IE PS DS hs | Boy * : Ln 1-0. Woes ee Sh. ge: gg We DES fe
» Az” $ Oh »* 5 Ss. Se" FO CO ES ES k. OE Gnp, on - y & ? * ©"? : $9 MS #:
© % 4; | L 4 . o - Pd s j
+ . ' J , s \'Þ PY f -

ny Its S - on N 4 WT 2." ke : CY , kl wy "A \ ; 3
Was RO I RS ic Dn "ETA > tow b!. cas >! aan ae s/o Ws iis. "1s CE EE A ng Ry POR ET IVE INY Mas. m FF Sus
ay } 2, TOS ” 4 FY ; Le Kt A. FIIIFY | —_ -
—_— 4 þ of 4 F X 4+ = s ; ; "4 G . :
r F a TTY . PY WE be RR. _ FF 4 "DRIES 6" | - 4 cavinsÞ +; ' kn
a; I” FL Re | 1 ” oh WR . * : - fe ,
WT so 1 - "* P J < >» of © % & , $
« 4 » * 1 4.4 : ii a Y \
-* 1 1 \ $ © _ g ! : , y ; I ; bh _—_—
jd 'S) & . bh a ; ” ; 4 -” " as.. SY
Fe p , s Fa 3 pa
F , . 1 } 4- $f
PEE ry CIC IRE hands 695% eager. BY

enm— rt

nament/of their, Sex,and a Pattern by which to, govern themselves. .

VO 2's Vee ers... wh

By-this: Letter: 7/0 saw. that ;Lorhario had:ibeen Gn 4 HIPADUR,

a oa Lak Y-t | ©6438 6 RPY-,4
Beginning, sent:back word'to- tis Wife, That she should by, no means. it

a 1 , M | TT of 5 WL "oF, SITES S $4 17!
Camilla was in' an Amaze to-read A4»/clm's Answer, as that which-pux hea

Atilletigrh; after ::Jong Debate with her.'own Thoughts , unfortunately
she chose the worst Resolation, :;which was, to stay in her Houle, . a tO
keep Lothario Company,] as she was wont to do, for. f Ar.OE LN Oc-

10, At A

ing the

Confhancy De
rendring Compassion, which:Lothario's Tears,; and, tender. Expressions had

the lofty Towers and Fortrefles of female Vanity, then when that Vanity it

self is:the/Engine dextrously, manag'd by Adulation agd Flattery. ID

had Camilla beerra Towerof Brass, Iquestion whether.such Underminings

as these would not have levelPd her with the Earth. TS he begg

have been meerly accidental, and what he neyer intended, had not the-.Opportunity
been. thrown into his Hands, - nn WE CO.

T ha? been all this while bafting Flints with: Butter, talking and sweariny

to the Wind— She laugh'd at my Tears— and scorn'd my Prents FR |
QB - ew $4 her

2 oF: 4 "RK as
» 0 D: - — 4 \& Ce, j 4 x %
_ 5S, i 7 PTY 6 4 We : e rE SE I9 0 $ A
Wm. S590 4 4 bh "2 "IR TY *, v& ber 4 %
NA "Tp WO th VHS. BT
NG 7 20 oy 6 T6 x Ws bt Ange Ft PP es
ay IX ou Ih n OY bis mY
"2a phe v

&,,QPEA

ETON, OG &- /

YN "ih ny EO" 4
Wor” , - Pc s 4
z 0 BEA 4 ,
LIE 6 *Q « -
wm . PICS IN 325
G - CV RC en
© * ahh Ll
a Py uf

F apey -among

SIS. 7”

ment of thy happy Fortune, without making any farther Trials ; which
15the best Counse

Skin for Joy, extoll'd his Friend to the.Skie, and, gave bim more Thanks,
then if he had redeem'd: him from.the Tarkþ.Gallies;: but not being as
yet fully satisfy'd, hedefird him to. continue his. Courtfthip, tho not with
the same Importunity- as before,. and in regard that Verses would cost him
nothing, he likewise intreated him to send her now and chena Copy, under
the. borrow'd Name of Cloris ; of which.he would take no farther Notice,
then as only sent to his Wife for, her Approbation, . as being intended to.
another. To which, Lothario, whose Courtship was no longer now a burthen
to him, readily consented. And thus the impertinent Cully, and: the
dilloyal Friend being both agreed, Azselmz went home ; and after he had em-
bracdand kissd his Wife; Honey, quo he; what's the reason you'sent me
sach a Letter into the Country— ? Why truly, my Dear, answerd Camilli,
methought at first, that Lorhario began to be a little more familiar with
me in your Absence then became: him ; but afterwards; I. found *twas a
meer Fancy o' my own; however, I was glad of any. Pretence to hasta
your Return— Puh— cry*d ;4»/elm! a meer Fancy. indeed— for to my
Knowledge he's up to the hard Ears in Love with a young Lady i the Town
here, to whom he writes Verses under, the:Name of. Cloris y. besides, I am
so well afsar'd of his Vertue and Friendship, that there's no room for the
least Suspicion of Lothario— Whoz;my Eriend Lothario— ! Ple trust him,
tho 'twere as long as an East-India-Voyage— This Fable of Cloris might.
have bred ill Blood between Camilla and her new Gallant, had not Lorhario
told her before of his Intention: to put this. same Sham of Cloris upon Anfelm,
that he might have the more Ljhertyto. write to her at any time, with-_
out being suspeAed by her Husband. And some few Days after, :as they
were sitting all three together, 4»/el defir'd Lothario to repeat some of
those Verses which he had made in'the Praise of Clorzs; which he might
be the more bold to do, in regard that Camills knew not who she was.
What if she did, reply'd Lothario? Ishould be ne're a whit the more scrupulons
for that 3 seeing a Lover never injures, the Person he loves; tho he
complain of her Rigour, at the same timethat he praises her Beauty; However,
let *em be good or bad, here they be, such as they are, which I made
Yesterday upon Cloriss Ingratitude— They're short you see, but whether
as sweet, that you must judge. |

Ti aepthof flew Night,
24 Yben all may ave «seep;

Or each one kissing of þis own Delight;
| 1 lie alone and fondly weep

The Life and At

| © For Cloris; my tear Tewe
Cloris, ah Cloris— that same” sacred Shod
That for to = 4 common Simile,”
Tygress is; ©
yet as fierce 4 Liopardess
4 wot 0 of Nath Ent but cruel.

When Mivaias' comes, the son Complaints I make,
And half asleep, aud | half awake
I make enquiry be the charming Whore is ?
Streight my thoughts check me for 91+ Cloris —
And I confess, 'rwas rashly done— for why?
Cloris, that Paso fain enjoy,
Has but one Fault,
She's f lovely, but confounded c0y.

get, and go to vist Cloris—
hp Few op 1 . Mary with ber Flim-slam Stories,

” (Cloris is stk, quo she, not to be seen,
0 "gone Ts emple-Church or Toke, -Inn.
Thus 1retarrd undone,
And come againt the Afternoon;
But then she's got to Lantralow,
And 4 can't move her for an hour or two.

Thus Phoebus sors and Nigh comes On ag ain,
ind ther of Cloris I to Hewv'n complain,
Of Heav's toCloris,
ET mustring in her Faceithose killing Glories; $-
Believing'tos,.) '«
The:Goas might remedy the Matter ;
But no all, I'm nere the Peper + :
T0251 302 IP Cloris woe,
' 1nd pray the Gods 16 mollific her Heart; $4
But,0h'! what-signifiesit ? not one Fp4 q 7
The Gods are dea > Od Cloris will nor hear,
Andlull because she's coy, that-is so fair,

The Verses pleasd Camilla, but Anseln extoll'd* em to the « Shes. For he
thought it unreasonable, as one who thought he had not been serv'd so himself,
that a young Lady, because she NE Wes a little more then ordinary Snoutfair,
should be so cruel to a Gentleman tharfoughs her early and late with
so much Aﬀe&ion. Why, faidiCamills, dv all Lovers speak truth in their
Verses ? As Poets, answerd Lothario, perh 6 Rene strain alittle, but
as Lovers, they speak less then they migh = Is £00 true, reply'd Avselm,
as being resolv'd to justific FF Marever he said, and to keep u
His Reputation with Camilla, A needless Toll, God wot, to disgu

Thoughts

aa oe "SR % {

eyoted

one Copy riiore i my Pocket ; of which I have no. bett

For Cloris false-Disadain i such a Curse,
That coulda Bro e
Go hang your se

Besides — the Man that never Iyd;.
Has sworn he can't out-live fair Cloris Pridez _ ,

And shall T be forsworn,,Þ _ + .___

When I can dye — and laugh at Cloris cornf

IL | ” | : ve | kts : - |

DOES ECG ES OI INES

Tosbewthe World the Rigour of the Mid —— _, 1 : 1
Li. That I should be so ill 6 hy CO OO 8 AE PINA

For all my Services and Trouble,

Thus to be made a meer Town-Bubble. .
And then that she should have a Heart
So quite regardless of' my smart,
While panting, gasping on the Ground I lye,
To. see me at her Velvet Slippers aye. _

But when by Death IT have thrown of ber Fetters,
Then let her see
My Love and Constancy
Deeply engravd upon my Heart,
Ta Poticary's Letters.
Then like some Sister, Sermon-terrifyd, ,
| \. ' Refleing on thy Murdrous Pride,
Cloris, »ake hast into thy Closet,
And there take off a Rats-bane Posset,
To expiate my injur d Ghost, |
That for thy sake an Amorous Boay lost.

Azselm, who to the unmarrying of himself, was till wedded to his own

Design, applauded these Verses no less then he had done the former. Like

a kind Cuckold, that never thinks the Chain of his entanglement long
IP __— = . _ eno

——— — ancdtivets OEIING
F- Ya: —" . LE ,
daily licke }
og 2d ET FY 63
pain Is \

that cost him so little.
believe St. Winifred her self could have withstood *em —- Lord! Madam,

why should you think. so? quo £Eiozella —— Rather believe your eafie
kindness must redouBfe his acknowledgment...” Ler me: tell ye, Madam, if
the Gift be worth giving, the Gift is never a whit to-be the less esteem'd,
because easily parted witft by the Donor —— Come — come — Mistress ,
That which is readily given, is twice given ———— That's. answer'd by another
Proverb, cry'd Camilla, The mott\Cost, the more Forfpipg-— That's nothing
to the purpose, answet'd Lazelg; for if it.be true what Thave heard, Love
observes no certain Ruses': Sometimes it flles, sometines ir goes a foor —
Sometimes runs, sometimes'walks,, us f te were following a Herse —
Sometimes as cool as a Blood ons. Portirtvies all Fire. and Tow —— And
here the Wood and the Harte” met as'it shon'd do —— The fuel was dry,
and the flame was hot — Nature will haveits:course — If you the sooner
yielded, 'twas because Lothario was. the more violent. . *4»/elnm was gone ,
but no body knew how soon' hs right reterr —— And therefore Love, like
a Politician, always takes Opportunity by the fore-lock. And this, Madam,
I know as well by Experience, as by*Hear-lay — for I shall give ye
to understand one day, that I am made of Flesh and Bload as well as others.

Nordid you yield so soon feftfter,: tilk y ut savy; his very Soul in his Eyes, :in

his Sighs, in his Vows, Promises, ahd Presents; and 'yau deheld him in his
Vertues, and the PerfeQtions of his Mind, a Perfen sir. for your Embraces.
And therefore, Madam, never cling np your Ghats With these Hypochon-
driacal Scruples, but be merry ad Cheartut'; and' believe Lothario has the .
same esteem for you, as you have for him... Believe. that he does not only
Challenge the three FF F's, which all true Lovers Gught to. have, bur
you may run through the whole Alphabet in hisPraife. As for Example :
He is Amorous, Bountiful,, Courtly, Desperate, Enamonrd, (TI omit the
F's, as unquestionable) Gallant, Hair-brain'd, Jocund, Lusty, Mild, Noble,
Open-hearted, Patient, Quaint, Rich, Serious, True, Valiant, Wise,
the Devil take X, there's nothing will fit him, Young, and. your Zealous
Adorer. And now, Madam; what would ye ha” more? Camilla could nor
choose but smile at her Maids Alphaber ; yet. on the other side, she could
not but wonder to hear so youtig a Queftret as she, discourse with all the
Experience of an Orange-Mol, or a Berty-Mackaret. Which she perceiving
—— By my truly, Mistress, quo she, don't you believe I ha? spent my
time idly; for I must tell ye, I ha" broughr.a Young Mercer's Prentice i this
— Town to my Lure already —— I witranit ye, Madam, he's my own

Tis true, he's not out. of His Time —— Bur what o'that ? _—— Dakes-
Place is free for all comers and goers . Nay, to tell ye the truth, Madam,
the business is done already,. one way ' or. other —— 'Tis no matter
which way, so't be done —_ooN | |
Rds a, lixtle troubl'd to hear. her Maid ta]k at that rate ; but

Cam By bo ;

Hen afamn corfidetitrs, chat, ir was nc for Saran ro corre& Sin, all she could
j, was t6 delire £29320 4 to be careful how The cistover{ to her Sperr-bearr
ke totfigite berweto tier and Lothario; an#so to manage her own concerns,
+ | | that

g» N F 4 \ £54 q A W435; OR doe 3 46 4
> ; 4 4 Ns c i : . 4 oo Lan tat4 ; 5
G ar. d Loaek db 6 $ 1k 6d 4. ; ob RR... þ£ 194.6 page $s : #. Zo "I q EE be "y Jo EIT onto $0 aS858 : A bs "© TIAL ; Par os TN "oe 9 \LNEE 4
%% 2:6 ir 4 EW oh , CO ia es 2 1, £5 oi FIR NSF In 3: PTE OE So ne "£1 fs d 7 SIIRS AIR D460 Wis $5 "i M5 Ed oh HI He x, ten Es 9% os ER WE YN Ie oaths BY, Mn! TR 2k NS OO OB 4 : et 35s Neg
: : "5 Y 4 I 'Y : © vi Pe > ater, v png ad” 4 2 * ” y « ; 7 - '8; x N-
& \ [2 Af W F 5 - 7 3.4- +3 4 Oe GA Fs ay; F +. ? 5 a, 4 h 78 EY S AY 4 EI Peg, 1 HIS
SIE 4» 45 "40 To . x as. & ; Ben IC ”" OS 45 7 2, OB Ro 3nd oo CER OED & Fs YM» TS 4, 44 Ye hed Ts. 6 Wt LOL ROLL AB RS $ >. Batt $3 1A ns FP : OP RIES 6 pr -t "TY
x WS $ C22n 7 KR FREE, * Ca, > > * 01 er gy? es » x 4 ND LOC ET AMET £3 ie, ; I: - OO A; AAR x, IS ARE 9, $5; . ORG. Got TL AY. ARGS. Ws, bs b O WA _Y nf wu —— ST RIDA Mit v4 us. «
< oY : a on Pa. y Wo LEI - 0.40 £ 56% - $2,BY : 4 bf V4; £ 50 F "5 Fo 1 . FS. \ . ETF : 4) ; 5 F 4
2 ” "2; > % " y VETS, x IE. WR ” «25 A Jt por $ 0 oh of KY # 4 Fo Sh FS; pr! FW. OL rag 1 ot Toro Vo od , \ if bp gt OY mr «Þl* a ad 3 Sp If y 8 + 5-1
4 4 * os : LY k 4a w : ” Ma OR Po > Z LT) £ Y

Þþ oe

DI neva >

c bb &. ” n - >
4 FF. JOE” "IO" "UF dh, ”% . Un -# Wwe A q T Wer" a” VE , : # Ws $022 "0, - L ——
Wo ates hon ” ” l 4 LOSS. bread pe $15. 494 ET F _— + df pete c5; ul CEE ED PS DT - : 5 ;
E - : my
p o . - þ CY : / I py -
el , — A » y 3 LY " ; a .
Y bh l \ : : F t'>/ sin . 9.
ks *44 n | « ; KS F F
n, < =Y , b . | J } \ i " 4 P* >
bu ” s * % $ £
V Fg 98 , WELL, hs 2 : M's

/ 4 T5 "be Ape;
We Woh
ad 44 ig, £5 WO :

thitt neither Lotha#io nor 4»se/m might discover her Amour, ' Which Liozella'fior
only promis'd, but also: swore with all. ExaGttiefs 4nd Duty.to-her
Mistress; to perform. Nevertheless the Lecherous Baggage, finding she had- |
the Key of ker Mistress's Secrets, and 'that-Hher'Mistress:was-now: become:
her Slave (a main Misfortune that atterids the: forbidden Pleasures of Women
) and therefore knowing no:Reason' why-she might \not have a little
sport as well-as her Miftref6, became: so bold; as to. invite her Sweet-heart
to An/clm's House, and let him into: the very Apartments belonging to-her
Mistress';; whonow (so strangely-had her own misfortunes turn'd the Tide )
afraid of her own-shadow, was forc'd to turn Pandressto-her Seryant,. and
to be serviceable'to her, in assisting her to: conceal her Paramour, lest her
Husband should come to know it... 1 Got do ol
Yetall her care and'caution: could not: so contrive 1t, but that one morn- -
Ing! Lothario discoverd Lionella's Gallant'i coming out of Ansc/-'s House :
Which so surpriz'd :Lothario at first, that: not believing his Eyes, he
took- it: for an Apparitionz but perceiving the: fellow-rid- Ground, like
one with his' Nose- muff d up in his Cloak, newly. .disimbogu'd out
of ' hetstone*s Park ; ' and thereby conjeQturing that he' was one who
was unwilling to be known, and at the, same time-never dreaming of
L:onella, no more then he did of the Empress of Morocco, fuspeted: him to
be some body that Camillatreated with noless Courtesan-Civility then himself.
Which awaken'd such an:inveterate Jealoufie in his /Soul, - that he re-
folvd to be forthwith revengd of-the poor Lady. To which papers quitting
all his former Considerations, and his refleQtive Humour, he briskly
enters A»se/m's House, and goirigip into his Chamber, without giving him
time to rise, 4»{c/m, said he, I have been for some days striving with my
self 'to conceal from thee a Sectet,: which it highly imports thee to know ;
but at length the Friendship: which -t ow'd;;thee; - will no longer suffer me
to conceal it. Know then, in short, thatiI have won theFortress,-and Camills
can no longer boast :her Constancy.'. If. I did; not'sooner make thee
this Discovery, 'twas, because I was not'well affurd whether it were the
weakness of thy Wife, or a trick to try-whether I spoke in earnest. Therefore
I staida,while, expeRing she would have'told thee of my Importunity;
but. whenFfoond she kept the Secret close, then I made no further question,
bur that she resolv'd to keep her word, in allowing me the Liberty which I
desir'd,; as soon as thou wert gone into. the Country. However, Anselm, let
not this Secret, which I have entrusted in thy Bosom; transport thee to Extravagance;
for 'afrer all, Camilla has not yet in Att offended ; so that perhaps
he may recolle& her self,; and repent the Condescension she has made.
And therefore, as thou hast follow'd my Counsel hitherto, be rul'd by me
yet a little more : Pretend to go into the Country for two or three days ,
and find some way'to hide thy self in the Chamber, then-we shall seehow
{te will behave her self, and-whar Resolution-it will become thee totake.
Anselm stood like one: that had-mer his Father's: Ghost; to hear Lothario
thus. discourse, - at- a time when he least a_—_ {such a Morning Sale;
when his Thoughts 'began tobe at rest, 'as being fully satisfy'd in Camilia's
Conquests. But theri,: as one that had loft his Senses, sadly beholding Lothario;
You: have done, said he,- what I-expeCtted from your Friend{hip:
now advise me what course to:take; for I depend entirely apon your Discre- |
tion. :Lothario,' 6a the other side, not knowing what to say..to him in that
perisive Condition, 'embrac'd A»felmz, and brush'd away. in hast out of the
Room. | Bur whien' he was gone, he began ro repent” of+what:he had done,
by exposing Camilla! so inconsideratsly, of 'whom he might have taken his
4: RE '; - Revenge

. * \ Ate Es 4 F
3 4 £ WP, f Yn Tg” We p & Ds

7 % bo h (+ %-4
a Hp 4 ? in oh) RL 2 7M bats 2.3 4 >
G1 Li! KS p 3 Sit id > 3: £36 4 Mut T'
Y & % $$ "Y 6 HAT þ <re WT, %
4 be FR 2 PLL I OHH , ”
OE es
k * | k

ot ot . TA 7 eZ RES 1 ” OT 4 $4
\' V4 IN, Y hy bh 43:34 I y = 8,7 {a T-ASE 4
Us F a FS NL f £3 ev; 4 Ke, O40 ater C / A et <-> \
9s , + ks oy 354 Sd Es OR eters LAN! 1 6 Seb $70 IR FL pens NCB ARTE S BOEK OO 4; , ;
Mg þ - . PTA SOL wut. ALE aged &-'F Re eG SI 2 Vo, A IE IE »$e;5
MN SL » Kg x 7 . "7 os 3 WS 44 8 SIE 4 wt NA iy vie»; a fa 54. - BP ©: -35-
a '4 & 4 = v7 _

by. lay, oY n
\ Eonealt is
PR hd >

W Ros "* RY
wo I , io
bw IJ \ .

—_ NN NT CE ITY

Revarigewith less Danger; and"16fs td: her Reproach; However, not, be--
ingable/to recalÞ jt gr 5 9re to-find adj; Expedient to-reconcile the,matter,

heresolv'd:to at: Camichimfelt, arid this with all the speed heicogld,
as one that had free-Accels .to:Her at;alltiwmes:. 95 SUE NITD21 15458 e701
And now'was Ause/mijult gone-abroad,;:when Lothario enter'd ; to whom
Carills, findingthey' were both alone:together,i My:dear Lothorio, said she,

F have # thidg 46 rellcheeinthy'Ear, tha troubles: me-more then anything

i! the World ;-ant the rather, because'l dread the Consequences of it. Lio-
Hcthe has's Sweet hear; and rhe Dae mage! lo gratt'o so mpudent, that she
Brivgs him fits Hee Chainbet every Night, and there keeps bim till Morning:
hidge yeuow how! chis: wicked! Werick exposes! me to scandal ; for
what will People think, to see a Young Fellow: let outrat:the Back:door at
fach:unfeasfonable hatms?. Andthar which vexes:me most is; that I'dare not
so: mach-as murmubanantt' this) infolent Slut, for fear of bringing an Old
House oyer my 'own Head: For if she once begins to 'open-against me, I
ara loft Womahi-uoSweet! Meat has always sowre\Sawce, Lothario ——-

Prethee consider and frady. my: Repose.. Ar first, Lorbario thought that this

fine story had beemofely a Device of. Camilld's,. to: make him believe that
the" fellow he fiaw cortie ontiof rhe House was Liomella'; Sweet: heart ; but
when he: aw het altin Tears, 4nd found what she said to: be: true, he was
neless perplex*d then: She; However, ar length he gave her to understand
tharchere was a worse mischief had befalln'?etm then all chat; and after
he ad beg'd her a/hundred Pardons, he'up and rold her what the trans
ports of his .Jeslousit - had bewitch'd him ro discover to 4nfehr ; and that
he had'persiwaded hit ro hidechimself in; his; Closet, that he might be a

Witness of their farther Proceedings:! - ©! {|

Saoh # terrible Thuinder-clap as this had-like to have over-whelm'd Ca-
#»#i{a to the Earth: Bur as"if her Indignatiba had fapported: her, she flew
out ih'Sgret rape 4painst Lomhario;z' calld him'ten thousand Traytors, and
upbraided' his' ash” and” considerate Folly.z\.and began desperately to
threaten hes own Life ; informuch that Lothario threw himself at her feet,
ks dhe if despair; :nor daring! so:much as to look up, or speak a word. Till
at length his Tears-and his Sighs mollify'd Camlliz, who having a prompt
afd ready wit, ds meft Womenthave , who tho:they cannot write like $cotus
of Thimas Aquinas, yet ate plaguy nimble: at an Amorous Contrivance ,
begarto take' heart 4” grace, and having thonght upon an Invention. to re-
pair the folly of: her Gallant, she the more easily pardon'd him a fault which
he had fiever committed, but out-of too much AﬀeCtion : Only she bid him
be flire'to keep 4y/elm steady to his Resolution, of hiding himself in the
Chirnber ; affering hit that it would be a means to procure a Liberty to
erjoy-otie another” with more freedom then. ever. Lothario press'd her to
relt Him'her Design;/ that he tnighc be the betcer able to observe her DireQions3”-bat
she exeus'd her {elf,only bid him come when she sent for him, and

answer to'every Question that she should propose, punQually,as if he thought

i 4d not hear him, - The next day A»se/m got a Horse-back, under
pretence 6f pgoitig* to visit'a Friend ih the Country; and presently returning
homEapalit,” went: kad hid hitnsolf privately in his Wives Chamber, where
he fREPA: himself to his hearts content, wichour being disturb by either
his Wife'6r Liv4/{z, who Had no desire totrouble him. ©

Anf'now Carville arid Liopella, being well affurd that he was safe in his

larking-hole; enterd the Chatnber; where Camills had no sooner set her

foot ovetthe Threshold, but after she-had ferch'd a dee sigh, Ah! Lionella,
qtib she; thou never could ft divine, 1 know, why I have so often es
55: (TY O77 | tnee

ya , . t , " he ” 4 f CH 5,
by, s » : 4 / =
AT i _ A—_ 4 ”4 ” WEITPY — a 2
fe , : $; : a : hb : = : 8 | K
be Life and A ements.o art. L
oy A. ; h & bp Y 4 4 4 =% s : ; F +»

FAD jd v 20S TI of S 0 +; x = y er Mee” ©ok0 OW "us y LH oy. y Ha 2 ; f & L whe MAY Z PO
CONWR:* bn : WF" %.. 6 Re RESIN. > neg 86 nd ts P + Liebe KS ” © 4% ks TIS \4 L442 ; $:4 ID'x ONT at $256 . wo OE, 1 os IS Woe * h » RL -
s B, Wb nr” ys -. 0 NT Eoaba es wt <NFS OCs (oo PERS ts þ *. \ Let eo De OSS WE on COVE he "AM Fas (01% VE" IO WG - "ION Y ST 8 OO Jl IT At. 4 Err ib a 3 VETS.
F: «.: Ag Ye. ON. 18. [FR I ts Ns 3 OI8*, Ek [5 EE 6 30 BAER. NS ne, of ed 5 Eg” _ CEO i IN SS: 4h oth Pens COLL OE AT LIDO L 2 PO yd iy M2 FE bs: Loh KR O07 bt dv,
7 _ 9 4 4 _ 2 «* 2 f : ; *% Wa * WA, * -#:
js * 7 £ : 4 Kobe _, "<3 i , \ * A » ; ;
oy be eG . n- 4 ". .
— — cn_—_ - : -
So ln. OST Py PR p Fd - : =
hp OR ————_— Lata Lead m——— ” . ada a mp *% LL. - —_—_ . a chen-enge 4 ,
P WER EPy * ena oy ets 59 "TIO N 4 d »
| \ S . , WO COTIIEn

v4 yy . 4 4 :

F . , " 2 mk V » xy þ t . id L : .
FT as

thee for thy: Masters: Dagger; 'bur naw-what thinkft? Were jt .ngt
better for me to strike it to my Heart, theh thus be'expasd.to his cantinud
Importunities— ? But stay, le first send for this: -perfidious Lothario, and
know of him, what he saw in my;Face, that should eacoyrage him tg make
his debauch'd Addresses to me, so offensive to' my. Ears; and no'less injurioys
to the best Friend he has in theWorld. Look out, Liep4/s, into the Street,
and call him, for I am confident the Traitor stands 'watching under the
Window for this Opportunity, so: favourable as he thinks for the Satisfa-
Hon of his lewd” Desires. ; but he shall ind that'/my -Nefires and his axe not
the same— For God's-sake, Madam, cry'd the' witty \Liore/la, what d' ye
intend to do with that fame Dagger —'? Will you kill your {elf,or Lothgrio ?
Forbid it Heavens ! for either way you lose your Creduz, and your Reputation—
Alack a-day, Madam,. you will do much better to diflemble the Injuries
offer d you by a leacherous Ryfi2, then;tolet in a luftful HeFor upon
a couple of feeble Women, not able to helpthemselves. Who knows, when
he finds us thus all alone, but that he may 'bind us both , and thenrayish
us— ? Or if he should bea little civil to. you for my Mastcr's fake, he
will be sure to fall upon my poor Bones. And © rother (ide, suppose we should
kill him— for 1 find that's your Design—— what good will you get by'r,
Madam? Never go, Midam —— if I don't tremble to think. ont. Let 4»-
sel do as he pleases, answerd Camilla, for my part, Iam refolv'd upon Reyenge
Nay, methinks the cime that I lole makes me guilty cf the Aﬀront
I havereceiv'd ; and that I commit as many Defilements of my Husband's
Bed, asI tarry Minutes from Revenging his Dishonouriand mine.
Avznsclm heard all [these female: Rodowantado's behind the Tapftry, and -
still made various Comments to himself npon- every word Cami/ls spoke :
But when he saw her'so fully bent to kill Lothario, he was then about.to
have discover'd' himself, to faverhis Friend. But at length resolving to {ce
what Mettle his Wife was made-of, he determind to stay wyll there might
be a realOccasiqn for. him to interpose. In the mean while Camila, having
over-{traw?d herself: with the Violence of her Passion, threw her {elf upon
her Bed, and 'dropp'd' into a Swaon ;/ or at least, A4y/e/v took it to be
so; at what” time Lioxellz fell a sdereaming, as if her Mistress had been
breathing her last Gasp; and made such pitiful-Moans and Lamentations, that
no Man” but would Ha* thought her the:moit aflited Damsel upon Earth.
Presently 'Camilla;recovering out: of her Trance, would to: God, Wendb,
cryd {he'to Lioxellz,: thou wouldt go and call this Infidel, for a second Fir
will utterly difinable me! to''take imy Revenge, and then. my Resentment
will vaish in'fruwless words. ' run, 'Madatn, teply'd Lyoneils, wiping the
Tears from her Eyes." But T beseech ye, Madam, giveme the Dagger qut
o your Hands first-= Do asT'bid thee, .cry'd*|Camille, make haste, and fear
nothing—1 am tesolv?d to revenge my elf--1 am willing to die—bur fisft
L5tharios'Blood shallpive:me'sarisfaQtion:for:the Injustice he has done me.
However, Lioxelli; was loath to leave her Miftrels alone, nor would ihe-stir
til Camilla began,'\to"mte her \for tier-flowness.: 'While she was gone, C4
mills fella walking about the :Chamberlike;a Dunner-.that had overdlegt
himself, trudging Ad theGentlemanathoine::by and by she flung her: elf
wponher Bed; theri'up again3' discovering herfelt so firangely neteld, as at
she/hadihad a Gad-Bee cling'd tooherTail+No, no, cry'd she, ao more-Cop-
fideration— thang;pondering' and thinking;'bis\Death: is .determin'd-— he
has cot ime showers'of Tears, 'and | his-Life must pay me Jnterest—— He
shall never boast unpunish'd tharihe'has atteinipted! Combs Virtue... Ut-
teting these words, up the goragain, ow about;the Rood, with her: Dag-
L | r _ "ger

y n _ »- _ m—_— -
ns Eo Bn he re "I'D OT IRR OY PT : FOIL OS ITT ITN ps
OUAD ws Wor {at EA 4 ” Fg i x $58 "ae fc " ih 9 ry W FN +.
: ” : 5 & , 4 - k COR an 3, 2 Y a7 I s STI F

x, % 7 \ p 7 IT 4 þ, £ S « _ i; OT WA,
y ”. jy 5 et =. v4 wa £4 pro. EN? $57 ak. '. oat Me Me ALE vi $234 1% a
N-2 f 6 of OTE IRE bn ls Yo INTRoa ook 346 9 55 WIA AA NN IO- NS Fl 2358 6 $2.2 IE i 07S SOT" I t
) ; T i k bY , « Fe g < rt OO REY ROW. n , 4
f we f F= $ : - - $4 \% y \ k % m1 q 3% S< __ Ts” 5s > h
\ g ? q } < F a WT FT % 5

The Life and Atchievements of Pare T,

ger in her Hand, her Eyes sparkling wich Fury, and enlivenitg her mart -
with:gastly -Looks, that-'would ha' cheated. Bee/zebab himselt.'-+ Anselm,

struck with Admirarion-to see what his -Eyes beheld, delird no more to
cure him of those Jealousies with which. Lozhario had turmoi'd his Breast ;
yet fearing, lest the Fury of his Wife might prove fatal to his Friend, or at
least, not knowing how far her Passion might attempt upon her self,” was

about to have made his personal Appearance to attone her Rage ; at what
time Liszel/a return'd, with Lothario in her. Hand. No sooner: Lothario
efiter'd, bit S:op,she cry'd, Lothario, venture no farther at.your Peril; for if
ye stir a foot, expeC this Dagger in your treacherous Heart. Budge not
then ahair's breadth, till thou haft answer'd me these two Questions';: and

answer me quick and short, without Quirks, and Tricks, and Circumlocutions,
mental Reservations, or Evasions. In the first place, Dost thou know .
Anselm, and what Opinion haft thou of him— ? In the next place, Doft
thou know me £ Lothario 'was not suchian Oufe, but that he knew Cazilla,
being privy to Anselm's being hid in the Chamber, understood how
to play her Game; and therefore to correspond discreetly and opportunely
with herDefign ; Madam, said he, 1could not imagine, that you had 'sent
for me upon this raving Account, I was wrappd up 1n a better Conceit'of
my Happiness ; sd thatif you did not intend to have kept the Promise that
you made me last Night, you might have sent me word so, and not haye

laid a'Snare for me, to.the Breach of your word, and vast Injustice: to my

injur'd AﬀeQion. However, Madam, to answer exaQly toyour Questions,
TI do know Azxsel-:; he and I have known one another from our Infancy; I
forbear to speak of our Friendship, you are a sufficient Judge of it; and if
F may be thought to have surpass'd the, Limits of that cordial Amity, blame
that same Deity calPd Love, that obeys no: Laws but his own. And for
you, lovely Camilla, had I not known ye so well, I should ha? been more-innocent,

and my Soul had been at more. Repose—— If so, unjust: and treahadin

cherous Friend,” cry'd' CamiHa, if thou wert so well acquainted with us
both, why doft thou violate a Friendship so facredly. oblerv'd by. my Husband

? And how 'dost thou dare to: appear in my sight, after such a piece

of Treason committed, no -less offensive to me, then to himself? What
was in ”ur Thoughts to court-»1e with your - Lutener's-laze Addrefles ? Who
orm'd ye, that I was such a light Hufley— ? Whendid I evergive

thee theleast Encouragement, that might flatter thy Hopes ? On the other
side, Did I not always disdain thy Presents ?. Did 1 not always with a serious

Indignation, reje& thy Yows and Proteftations ? Tis true; I was to

blainie' for not chaftizing thee severely ;- but tho-my sottish Prudence would

not then permit me to complain to Azselm, for fear of setting two such loving

Friends together by the Ears, and sending ye both to Barni Elms, wi
your Seconds, yet finding now my self 'too- guilty of that Crime, Tle be

rom thy Os Breast, ta gratifie my Vengeance— And
that:incredible swiftness upon Lorhario, and counz:
that he./himself could -scarce tell what.to

my Gitmy L_— Executioner; yet ere Idie, Ile tear that treacherous
Heartof thine'fri

so saying, she flew with
terfeited her Malice:so exa

think; especially seeing himself so hardly pur to't, 'that he was forc'd to. use

hisurmost Skill and Strengeh: to defend himself. -. For. certainly,- nere did |

Wort paint:out her Despair in such-lively, and natural Colours; -as would

Fa deluded the'Supreme Arch-devil of: Delusion himself: Nay, {he went

{5 faras to breatha Vein," and-draw Blood to confirm-her Impofture. At
like one that found the! could nbt- have her'Ends.of Lorhario, Well---
fd she—then live a Miscrearit 'as thou arty-since I; have not Strength to
y $2 | | - , ; is rid

_ 46a, > Car þ th as 34 ba Red ben)» eh} " =
Hd 6 PROSE TATE SAT tnd ar $2251 :40-7 on teat F as et 6 hs he 5c. Re RT 7) a os a A a ES * Bt J "MAb 37 0
We. 3 be FI. YL 2 Pare br HE LIT y-4 2p 3 ONS, S604 2x9 © EP? Pb! EN of a ns 3% IRC PN INES RES de al FO. os EY 2k J KEI o P 7 "FB? NE, P'S KY 1B;
he wv G E-* Ba rs OS my OT I_ge + 3ST IE te LRN 5) ARE FA ENS I7--<+, \ \ % , % os ns:
bh, OEMRS117 oP | 2h WE 3 7 $4: & = TEL PLS 4, IEC Nay tt £ «£0 L 4 % { $ . } :
ASE X . 7 . $; G; J ; > - »
i : ” of od
» * Y f we? bo, ”
vo _" f 54s ; F
TS OE) fs - 44% ww 46 W141. 4 » jotga5> WH Re ene p 4 end wb ty . n pe ” o W- 4 - Ld he
DPTGY For >. _ death tr Hedo Wh Tarvin» Leen; A es Mo. re. EA ds OE EE TOE aaa has JEEP" It 0 OM. , Ge,
R —_ , ——_ F #
a 4 . . 'Y £4 w gs :
y io l 4 - > - . i w. 4
= $ * Y ad v L * C
na 4.” "ay . « nat ba . Yom CU PER} WF” 4 : .
OC CES

Rodd ELSE

Tidthe World of such a Pest However, thou shalt not | hinder me from
that Revenge Towe my owndisloyal Heart— and with that;-' flying out of
Lothario's Arms who held her, like one that hadas yet some Wir in her Anger,
she struck the Dagger slightly into the fleshy -part of her Awn''next
Her Shoulder, and at the fame tume fell-flat upon her Back in a Swoon. This
last part of the Show, so rarely well ated, especially when they saw the
Vermillion Liquor of Life come trickling down her Smock-sleeves; startl'd
even Lothario and Lionella themselves: Lothario was forsending for the Surgeon,
Lionella lookt-as pale as Bagg'd- Holland 3 but not finding the Wound
to be of much more Consequence then a Pendant-hole i the Ear, they could
not chuse but smile one upon another; nor could Lzoze/la forbear whispering
Lothario i the Ear, Match me now this, quo she, at either of the two Theaters.
*© | | Fg | | 199 08 THRAS |
On the other side, Lorhario believing it no less proper for him to a& his
Part, fell a cursing the day of hisBirth, the Nurse that gave him suck, the
Air that afforded Kim Breath, and imprecated a thousand MalediQtions not
only upon himself, but-the Person who had been the Cause of all this Mis-
chief; then thumping his Breast, as if he had been beating Hemp upon his
Ribs, he roard and howld, and with a million of Woe zs me's, lamented,
wept, and blubber'd over Camilla's Body ; andthis with a Passion so lively,
and with a Grief so real, to all outward Appearance, that you- would have
sworn him'to have been the most forlorn and forrowful Person that erewas
overwhelm'd in Misery. In the mean time Lzjozel/a took up her dear Mistress
in her Arms, and having laid her upon the Bed, begd of Lothario
to go fetch a Surgeon and. withal, ask'd his Advice, what Excuse they
should make to Arse», should he return before she was cur'd. To which,
Lothario, knowing that A»selz: heard him; Do what you think sir, said he,
for Iam so unable to give Counsel to others, that I know not what course to
advise my self, -only take care she donot bleed to death; arid as for my own
part, farewel Mankind, for ImTtesoly'd to go where :mortal Eye shall never
see me more; and so saying, he flung, out of the Room, with all the
_ (Marks of: Despair, that . Urbiz, with all his Fancy, could have _pencil'd.
But when he:was alone,' where no body-saw him, fe could not forbear to
cross himself from his Forehead to his:Stomach; i Admiration of Camills's
Subtilty, and'to see how rarely Lioze/la tiumour'd the whole, as if the Jade
had been: begor a' purpose: for such Intrigues: © | 3804 FSFF+
Nor did L;oxells trouble her self to stanch Camillds: Blood, till she had.
bled enough to ratifie the Cheat ; and then washing the Wourd, which
was not so big-as a Spatrow's Eye, all the while she was dressing and binding
it up, manag' her' dissembling. Tongue with that adinirable: Diseretion,
that Anim wou'd ha* sworn his Wife had been a second: Lycretia.
Vaneut UV CLUELG 10711..90
On the other side, Camills lay raving and reviling her self, for: lidving
miss'd her Revenge, and-seem'd to'/beenragd, that her Misfortune had preferv'd
a Life,; which she-so:much detesfted. Which Stene being over; Ca-
'»illa advis'd with her Maid; whetheror-no *twere proper to inform; Anse/w
of what had happer'd? Heav'ns forbid,” ans{wer'd Lionelta; for heUbe sure
to be challenging Lorkaxio;; and what Woman. 'of /Vertue' would venture:
the 'Life: of a Hasband; whom she io entirely lov'd ? Tis very true, quo
Camilla, and therefore Tle [follow 'thy Counsel. © But, said she,' thou must
invent rhe some Story or-other to.telt him, when he shall come to seethe
Wound. ':/Troth, Madam, reply'd £:oneHe; you' mast pardon me for that—
for I could fixver tell a Lye't my life, 'thd tt were to deny the pinching of a

A M $f ; A Bilan gt x at 6d —=_ ng l ;
i RE OTST Eto ned; oY”: EN AER Motos nd rb Bos lt a ro ar - : TORE 9's PI "Er EP 5 0
+374 - NV L C ©3--, v : if C. 4 \ Rr _ w; « . JAY 3 OE 01 "R :
F IF > Si 4 TT Ott OS: > YR FRO Je Do 9A +) REEVES 305 oy ie
X « 4} X Tang We NS a % PE Re, % k Ws TORY OO * Ce. $a a us "# 3 v Jv OBI.
k.3 4 ) Ss 04.4% % Or # - 3 4

He 4 , z# a ;&
Apt oo, _—_ Volany forth Wet #9” . 408 > Whey oo itt we wet. 4 rr en$y, > ante odor nes Fr iepo ee 4s Pe IT £ mk w_. =
J R ind
has. yl «< ” Fay "3 f . 54 1 t. - "0 . % ”
þ . Fe o : q VS 4 » ” f "WT v Ws 1 þ :

Box of Marimaled, when'I went to-your Closet— If a Bottle 0 Wine be pot
miss'd; 4:can befilent, and drink it with the »Caok-maid and-:the Conchman—
bat if it be ask'd for— I can as well be hargd as deny -it, Neither
would I, reply'd Cami{/a, tell a Lye for all the World, tho it were. to say
my Honour ; and therefore think it best comake an ingenions 'Confeshan
without any more ado. For to tell ye the truth, an honest Woman ought
to make as absolute Confession to her'Husband,as to her Ghostly Father himaself,
Madam, reply'd Lione/la, never:trouble yourself ; I make no question
but your Wound will 'be curd before he-returns © And therefore let it only
be your Care to settle your Mind, and calm the Disorders of your Counrenance
and for the rest, leave it to: God and a good-Constiebee, that never
desert the Innocent. S014 5 Is
While these two Female Hypocrites were thus ' sporting with An/e/m's
Credulity, poor Jack Adams, who had not loft one Tittle of 'a Word they
said, felt his Soul caper in his Breast for Joy, that he was now the happiest
Man 'under Heaven's blew'Canopy; 'and waited impatiently for Night,
that he might go and make his trusty faithful ' Friend, the full Partaker of
his Felicity, whom he look'd upon as the sole Authour of his-Life's 'Ceptent
and to congratulate'with him for the - precious Pearl which 'he had
found, in being thus undeceiv'd, and-afsur'd of the Vertue of his undefiled
Spouse. On the" otherfide, Camila and Liozeilatinding themiclves at the
End of their fifth AQ ler fall the Curtain, and made their E£xzr, 'to give him
the Opportunity which' he desir”d,! and which 'he as greedily laying bold
of, posted away'to Lothario's Lodging; and finding him: at home (as one
that:expeQed his Visit) the threw his Arms about Lorhario's Neck, | and after
he had givin him more Thanks (then there are-Pebbles upon Goodwen-
Sands, itkunder'd out such a Volley.of Excomiums in'praise of Camilla's Vertue,
that' Lorhario check'd and peach'd by his own guiky' Conscience, as
knowing how he had betrayd him, and unjustly tasted-of 'bis forbidden
Fruit,conld notitell what Answer to make him 3 nor could he/any way comply
wihhis Friend's Joy, whichhe awe beso exceflive.: - i 1 17
Onthe other [ide, Afar could not chuse but take notice' of: his Friend's
dadifferency; but believing ir proceeded from his Sorrow, that his own dear
Camilla had hurt her 18If; a Misfortune, of 'which'his Friend could not but
in some. measure think himself 'the:Occasion 3 he'beg'd him' not to aMiift
himself, for that her Wound was but-very slight; and assuring-him besides,
that bothishe and herMaid were resolv'd to say nothing ofit.. And therefore
it 'becamethim to'be:so'ifarfrom iperplexing himdelf at such-an inconsiderdble
Accident, -tharthe-oughtrather to rejoice with him, :as one that had
notionlycontributed 'to marry-himto qne of the» fairest':young Ladies in
Flo: excebtitibyhis Industry and fidelity had convincidhim,that he was owner
of the most yertuous and beautiful Wife in the World ; a Woman that far
her-Verrnat, of 'shechad:ther due, ought to be the Theme ios-all) the Poems
and -Sormets'of- the Age, to 'ctennzeithe Memory: of her Chastity. 'To
which £oxburio reply'd; "That there/was nothing more just; -andithat therefrei
should be the;sole Imploymenrof? his 'Myiseto:Jerve ber inthe railing
of 'sohible aManument.-: This wag ithe' Issue-bf Hasebn'sPditick- Design,
now'27 notorious !/Curkold, rbot-the:mioft joyfully:. conrenid to: bis' Heart?s
conent;vof'any Man thateverNidwise handed fhto the World: And at the
same time he(tbbk:\Loebdrio.by the Hand, andiledihim-home to this House,
Fully believing the Subverter of this Honour t61backeInftrumeht:of his Hap-
pinels. 0C awilla>receavid rhim with» lowtin | 'Countenance,: but .an:amgous
Helm! acld for Yome'time rhey .enjoy?d ther Benefit 'of their wanton

Treachery ;

bk Ls - , 4 4 Ga FE S. s b
io : : = OS oy > +4 F<. "=—_ X
, > Th WY 5 ; f OL HEE3S TS -

F « ae (nag of * or hdd K X w Ae-t bes mg ht £ E " . "Ry i WEN 2 | >= WC ES NW.
wu $ q Wi , ” a A ; ; LEA Ln) 2 LES i 2. 4% arr al * 95:0 4 K% F b 29 hes g £ ' OY Fare oy To WS Oo IL ED
FE PIO WAP 4 ; 7's ; (TORT. $I 14 TY f Wl Oo Se. dT” 62's of APES Oar i I IP ot : Bus + Ob: GS \ . A Pane” LACS Fu i; hy
F Cvs 1 I T0 0Y, : y L wand 100 SY Sr an ow ron ns oe ITE .* wh ALES SE a 7 A EI ES KE, SED 16:1 PRO BY PEE wa” "i e7 WY EE. ERGY ne el aa Ow! 1 OR we, oa $6943: + K n£4 Ys
"$05 er RY in G4 Wk, AM OM "IF". v , {OS oo 0 ARES Me I 4 NG, Fo Oe; WIE OE CIs, CFR Tha Mo bs OE Me IR ET 1 de $7 the een 0 GOO IICSIS Of wn FI 2 Ce 4-5. 08 K y Me RIS dl to hgh Þ wy -
Y ; 7 IN GIO ESZ off 6 og! Joe » 4-H Pe =: 42 HW MONSTER. bf V 020 Ws is SR ES On LE ERIK {Ot bo Hh RARE. OR oy | { IF. d F . by wt. © ? et 3
L Ft 1 $" 1 £ «, F - $0R5 "7" * oY * . m3 8a: % "*: 6 SI's LN 46s 4) , ” J - g MP ey. EI ods LS 2 2 T4 » » k ” . . TY o 1 5 >
SE IA Ke EK gh "Fa ws We.” 3 a Wk : " 5 ey . "4 . DR \( {Lada Ti: > ; q yy
i bg. : * es % a 2 4 fl FE SELLS is » "X45" I
ve . p x. bf - n }
% pO Og BT ASP + 4; ' +> 0-2 Py x a” COL 6 Y . A «op
bs l > 2 08; - nw : ” J
bes, $ wo. P - ”% . C : p ” 8
i NA # 4

Book IV. The. Renowned\ Do =: QQ&HX.@T E.

en W ch a 3,a0d, Aa/piar 5 WOPAUgny tHULO

LPG FMT FOncny |

PL SIN DIS. #- 91-8 fi 'vino 7; qaofts 132 StHeqesy oil

. + meth. oe

at SI LR
ISI" ew

- - / kd t 4 £ - Y - bo

hs { ; & £5. +»: s + $4 : ; M =
ton 401810 of to bigssM' offs
A —— OT OTDL manure cog —, rorgs
Ls + , F'y 4 W, x $34 1 L, © af & (zh , » wk I3Y > . wt 5 #14 (131 F; $2 C1 g | F/

m4 v7 gfenmtect rirmtd Jienodts of args, aeveionitt 0) -9g6y0V
> + £ Fz A bY F 4 bh 5 of} __ : ., CY Fo ; IT 4 oY $3} LL FF #3 1 ; {1971.5 2 eo! 3 3

fx # Oi? % 1 4 , [- | ', £4 #
US) SH01 TO TIDILLU::f

-» The! Conclustort of the Novel of the Curiows''Igpercinent!'/

et; NOTE Don Lurxote was taking his natural Rest, and crying, out as loud
ds if thel | OMe

clashing agaiost che Wall, ass he lad been hewing down that Gd of the

As for that before, it ardly cover'd the half of his Hips, and that bahind
wanted a full Foot of the t'other's length + So that his Shanks were ealje £9
be seen long and lither, hairy as an old Baboons, arid as ure a5\2 Kennelrakers.
Upon Þug Head he had a, Woollen-Cap -so black and

you could only discover, by the help of a Magnifying-glass, that x dicbus
lis it had been red, He had the. Coverlet of bis' Bed wrapp'd about his
lefr Arm, and his Sword drawn'in his right Hand, with which he laid about,
him Fore-stroke.and Back: stroke,and Ehe while rending his Throat, and

Yowing

grealy, that
Long

Thi twhin

rowing
Burr

Ors, . the shon'd not esca
despitg'of all their

rptjons ofthar
e dispossels' | ye of your

Native

© 4 C a
4 » = Li%s C had "T * "0%" "i £ be me "F9..0 . G 4 G NF
A Ad : ” yy Sa Td ne» | wa 13 > HIRE » i EN MED 7H , % G7. 0 F ny 7 RR #% ” , * [ ach * wet
H "pe I , x 0 $5 , £7 ob AE 3. b 2x7! Za Pan Ld CET og ot PN en Win e 4 - bs Rn I ers og FOOLS tb ; , f, , WA
& 6h 5 ies HH A, on WE thr SED A IH a oY CE IS REL Pa AI en, os ER ICE IDE SES dr Bhd he ous p Ee
yy” ©" ku \ . Ne a RV War Sto La. x.” Sd. vo” ax bo WE1-7569 4 3: »\$b #: 1.4 OC 5 a GO yt ETON 9 "ih; © of 5 WROTE. P +" x08 . : 4. CC OAW.s Fw | PP es 1s ip
4% y "Nats 0 ; Bs ao ae oo (EO IRECE.” REN IRE IN BTID Le tt BL "OL I® $750 12M pk Fn FRSre'® "2; wa aY;) ha 8 ade! os v.- Moog bad 2 EN Ooty, : " 4 # wk Sand." to : 5 ” ” "
ot 0-21 Oy" "1", OY ION 4 $$8.H es” Ris eb. 4k "sl BS... AY ID » Tees 1 Wy IR ot $3.9 By 1 23 5 $955 WED is II + nt 1 : ; fa . # $58 - «
of $ pn ag, IP bs 74 Wow Root WE IN We Ok {od * ik. of 5 = WH © Tt 1 LS & '-r oy . , > STE. oy ( 4 "- its 7% ) : - . ' ” of pl
M 4 . » RT. * __ | ty VS, LW A 0 PORT Ca08 þ 23> Qs ” . {<* « » T0 z > - A ” x
E a , PI ION : wa : » 47
po s & —

. 7 \1 »; F a » 7 " ;
Pp PR EI . road #:eore ug att, o_ Cent = bt 4 7 ; & 4 ym \ : , \ "Y . f 5
LSE Pp . Py Y ” us OG ri aha ae ERR GREEN a , ord nu gy SO ER cf att 7 » 4 png A _— $14Y 0 1 wn 4
oy , & Vi , .
> k | | T\ 2 | | | ( | | | |
y | he | A ENOWNER IJON UIXOTE I
* & - : , , = FF
ic one , js _—_ . . : - |

Native Right; and I am discharg'd: of my-Promise, seeing that: through
Heaven's Assistance, and'by the Favour of Her, by: whom, and for-whose
fake T live, 1 have testor'd- ye to'the Scepter -of your Ancestors. . Now,
Gentlemen, cry'd Sancho, what d' ye think on't, was-not I in the: right ont;
when 1 told ye: haw- he was in Combat with a Giant ? I was sure I was
not drunk ; and now I think the Town's our own, and 'my £Earldom is; se-
cure— At: which rhe whole Company, all bur the {Inn-keeper, fell out a
laughing till the Tears trickd down their Cheeks, -as big as Pease.' Only
the Inn-keeper conld find nothing to be merry at, but cursd and bann'd \
the Knight, andthe Giant, and all the Generation of Knights and /Giants,
so enrag*d was he against the whole Progeny of: Combatants-Errant,
forthe loss of his Wine. However, 'at length the Carate, the Barber, and
Cardenio, perlwaded Don NZuixoteto go to bed, where he lay with the greatest
Satisfa&tion that ever Mortal. had; who had vanquish'd his Adversary
in Chaxcery; ' but they had much ado to appease the:Inn-keeper, who wou'd
fain ha' been anatomizing Dor Luzxote, for the Slaughter of his Burachs's.
On the other side, the Hostess tore her Hair with both Hands, howPd and
took on, as if. het Father, and Mother, -and all her Kindred had been carry'dinto
Captivity by the Moors, Could this Devit-Errant, quo ihe, find
#0 way to break his Neck before- he came to:my House. Ten thousand Gangreens
devour his Entrails— I never saw the Peer of him— the Leathernjaw'd
Rake-hell is ike a Monkey broke loose in a Dairy— he never comes'to
my House, but to ruine me— The last time they rid away with the Reckoning,
he and that Dog's-head i' the Porridge-pot, his Squire— pretending
themselves Kzight-Errants, with a million a Poxes to'em; and that it was
contrary to their Wild Irish Laws of 'Diabolical Chivalry, to pay for what
they call for—'All the Misfortunes that Astrology and Palmistry fore-tell,
bring 'em safe to the Gallows —— and may their -Order, and all their Laws
be-burn'd under their Noses' as they: hang ——- and now here he's come again
with his Knighthood and his? Valour to encounter-my- Boracho's, hack the
poor-Goat-sk1tis to pieces, and spill me more Wine, then all his Knighthood
was worth—— T wish I could see as.much of his Blood— He a'Knight'! he
a Rat-catcher—— !- But 'Fle be reveng'd on him, orelse-letme be carted for
a Bawd, and lose the Name of: honest Woman——: Nor could he fcape- the
Prayers:of Maritornes,- who, to comply with her Mistress, wilt*d-heartily
that he might never meet with a Mistress' handsomer then her self; and die
Under the Rigour' of her'Scora to! boott! But the '\Carate, a Man of -Peace,
fourd out 4 way to heal. all the” Wounds, and' make amends for all the |
Blood that' Dor Quixote had shed, by ipromising Payment for all the Da-
mage he had done. And as for Sanchv,.owho was: alittle down. i the
Mouth, because he couldinor/ find the Headp Mrs: Dorothy afsurd him by way
of Consolation; that'if: the: Knight his'master: had cut' ofthe: Giant's Head,
she would pive him the best Earldom ini her Kingdom. - Thereupon- Saxcho .
swore by his first Nights Lodging withibis Wife, that he saw the Head fall,
by the same token, 'thatit had-a Beard -above'an Elllong ;. but the: Reason
why he could: not find it 'was,: because: the House was enchanted, as he had
found by Experzence. 204 aut m you 8tirog? ak: 15:
Arid now the Curate- finding the Houfse' reftord torits former Trariquility,
defird'leave toconclude the'Novel of rhe'Curious Impertinent ; which being

granted; he chugread ony?! 11; 24071 03 2897 1191, 1H 20h 7opirt Tm

Axsebu being {o well affur'd of the Vertue of _his:Wife,: wasthe most contented'Cuckold

7 the World. i: On rhe:orher side,” Camillapurpolely lower'd

and frown'd. upon Lothatle z and A — Huseln to excuse ow
COLL : Ce om

"+: "Wo, kh, Fo Es 1 A q
Kd NS 4 , Gl $ Yo Ms or” »: "WR: : SR TRALS In, $4 bary ne FS "TRE
det . py Mo oNG >. 3 yew. 0 , RL Ss Mo OLA Ns” 1 We Bey $A, PEE I AY
LS 4 Y ' A WE SR EA RIES FX 9X a . > FRF }
v % \ 4 L ed by ny w 2 og 46:48 Ay bps]

L L I "4 Lone L {] $3 Fs.

IE on £17 Th 4. WO OI reOEE Ad 42 Io

a XY c bn F & 2 4. y »
wi *, p % * £7 v% b

: - +The Life ani Atcbievements of '/ Pan J?

from frequetting his House, as one. that found his Company.was no way
acceptable to Camille. - But the deluded Ar/e/m could by 'no means endure
such 2 Separation, and therefore would not let.his Wife be quiet, till he had
brought her to a perfeQ Reconciliation, | MO USD IIS
» Inthe mean time Lioxc//a,] {way'd by the frailty of her flesb,: insatiable
in: her desires ; and as; she: was grown Lawless beyond her Mistrefles Con- :
troul; being:refolv'd to make use! of her time, gaye thole' Reins to her
impotent heat, that preferring the Precept of Gather, your Rose-buds, betore
all the Commandments, she carefs'd her Paramoyr Day and Night 1n her
Master's Honse, without any consideration of what might happen either
to her Mistress or her self: And unluckily it fell out, that one Nght Anfelm
heard a noise in her Chamber. : Upon this, - his Curiolity 1nquilitive to
know what was the matter, he perceivd the Door held against him : which
relistance kindling new :suspicions in his sick and-weak Brain, his Jealousie
forcd-open the Door, 'at:what time he oblery'd a certain Mortal in Breeches
leap out of 'the window: into the firxeet. Hoeytie toytie, quo. he, what's
here to do? And 'with- that he: Rept to the window, thinking.to lay hold
o':the Person, or at least to have a sight of his Physiognomy : But missing
both. his aims, by reason that Lzoella' held him fast-in her: Arms, he began
to grow angry. ©\{a6clr.belought him not'to make a.bustle, asluring
him, that it was only @ concern'of;her own ;.. and ;that the Gentleman was
her Legitimate Husband,/ lawfully and duly efpdus'd, as everitwo Beggars
were marty'd'at the AMizorzes.: : Apschn would not believe: her, but tran-
{ported-with Fury, or-at least seethung so to be,-! yow'd to stick her tothe
wall with a Dagger which he had'in his hand, if she did not tell him the
truth. ©\Liozella,' who was more accuftom'd.to other sort of Weapons then
to steel Poniards, was. so:dilmayd -to' see the, bright Instrument of Death
glits)n: at! her Breast, that all her: quick Inventions, all her Excuses, and
Chamber-maidEvasions baving left:her, and her constant Friend, the Devil,
notihaving an Opponnnny to whisper her /i'the Ear, '{he had not: one
word to say ;: but falling at her Master's feet in such-a Pannick'Dread, that
she !hargly-knew what -she said; : she; besoupht ;bim to spare her Life, and
she:woutd-make:bim such Disebveries, as should 'make his Ears tingle. Be
quick vhen, 'Baggage, try'd Anselm,” of by this:Candle that burns — And
then -heaving- up. his:Dagger-hand —— Oh; forthe Lord's fake, cry'd L2o-
aze1/a;' have mercy oft a-Sanner, but: ti] tomorrow morning — And then/if
I do-notwisclose the very in-side of my Breast,:do'you your self rip it open
for me +-—— Only this sivear, the mean time, | and you yay. believe me
upon-thelwords of adying Maid: (and-I may safely fonow callmy self, my
Soul being almost.inghted out of, my..Body)) thatthe Person that shot bimfelf/
out rot . the window; '- was! obly & Sweet: heart. .of mine, that has: promisd
me Marriage. so:faithfuBy., that'T could not; deny hinaa ; {mall Kind-
nels beforehand ——.:Lain sorry-with alkmy heart; Sir, the noise disturh'd ye.
Anselnofinding the Frft! part of her:Confession. so! ingeniaus, granted: her
the-time:she desird,10 However, eating she should-rmakse; her Eicape; ike
a-halft witted :Fook;:he:securd her by.halves ; for/he 0nly lock'd her Chamber
Door, and took the Key in his Pocket, never minding the Casement!;
wens tibed tohis Camilla, told)her what-bad. happend, and: what Eattingling
Discoveries her Maid was to make him next Morning: © Camilla, on
theoothen ppp. elf: but-chat mare Ditieyrics

OI WE01 y1vopcermber, said-nothing ;.but having tyr/d poor 4nselmby
HOT. », TY ww *,

0 — q _ "P50 » a" TR :
4 , > ON . ” 5% eg IN by OST” og TOONS £ ov. ; Lees 204 eb e2 pa de KEY 9 rb
: 5 , 3 $ . A Lp! pe 97 iy #y F bt Hae of EL'Y On AS - © OWL Py TIED s £20. i 6 £8. 4 $$ 5 32 1 dy Fo” ed: -
A " M (Fs y #4 HS. Fs Wag P: 5 &% X tO dd 14 . Lab » . « <2 2 Moy p- tag, ko TRA at, HI "0 LE . ? - A ol _ ACRES 6 np Teo wa Io 1 \ RARE... 4.17 vl the .
WE l EK. OY eu > SSR bens . Me YON - 4 bf Saks YR REA». Lbs. 3h a> & 3; A Pg R- Ne EE TAS any" £4 f « A »* Ts Ay bs, Y 4 wa 100884, 3%, FOFg-. "SEPT -"LÞ-V-;\ SENS [2 V F $3.) BB att} & 38 abs ph, 4, 7 wh” » * Whos p13 | {4
ruled AS i» Sas * 0 LN #4" 42% y L BAS me 0c 485-7. \ ." © OT 208 4 4 RY” gat ag A. 2440 5% Page. LN og 68 PAS 30 1 4X, 009-1 £ 2 6 Cty 7 IS 1 . i; * " LW 2 $
Y ph - * FW : 2 | SR Wa Hs Tt 5 IE Vat O07 +: path fa. i ” be p RI Conn ey hv. SABER 2 3 # Ts Sp ' Rte” ” 8%. EO" MY - TREATS. 4 4 Ds UE 00h — <by Wo "oa \ ot i \ / 6 "IF Ly.
eas $4 0k : of Fo #0 4 ET a % LY 3; > Li tix IT \ Al A $ f or... bc 4/4 EY Wo. WR cal "8 . v4 EYE 9 7 3 :
WEEDS | is ot LN. RE "LG A » RET nt 00 ER MN GRO (OE © fs (by root? ores 7 ” ts” $8 os ; woke A . ; : & NG REEL
F ES. ig i ih a2 : <& WHT Mot gr” _— A Ws Y Y \ fa % Ys + 3 4 X t po, - >, by
p a o Ne o LEN F. =” $3. x” ty gt r, v b \ L Gnu ; C £
7% : FA I =; As

OO dw COSI xz -

BookIV. The Renowned Dox QuixorTE.

flips on her Morning-dress, pockets up all the Gold and Jewels she couldfind,
and away she trips to Lotharioz tells him the whole story, :and:con- +
jures him by all the Kindness he had for her, and by all their ftoll'n Plea- :
sures, to secure her somewhere, where she might be safe from her: Hus--

bands fury ; vowing to follow him, tho it were in the Habit of a.Page; all

over the World ; believing, that since she had lost her Honour, {he could. =

make an excellent Mistress for a Commander 'in a long Campaigne. The:

sight of Camilla, and the story she told him, put Lozhario into such a Con-

fternation, that he had much ado to catch his Wits again, that flutter'd
about the Room like Birds got out of a Cage. But finding the Case to besuch,
as would admit of no delay, he Saddl'd his double Gelding , and away

he troop'd with her, and carry'd her to muchsuch another House as Mother
Creswel”s, and left her in the Custody of an Aunt of his, not so mean as

Mrs. Buly, and yet a little below the Degree'of Madam Benner. Tho others

say, he carry'd-her to a Nunnery, and desir'd his Sister, who was the Abbess,
to take care of her. However 1t were, Arzse/mz was no sooner wak'd, but
never minding his Ca»il/a, out he jumps from his Bed, {lips on his Breeches,
and hey for new Discoveries — which he found, I think, with a vengeance.
For in the first place, having unlock'd Lziozella's Chamber-door, he
discover'd that the Bird was flown : For Lioxel/a had let her self down out
of the Window into the street by the help of a long Sheet ; or if one were
not long enough, you must suppose she made use of two— Humph — quo
Anselm, this tis not to observe Old Proverbs; —— For instead of locking
fast, had I bound fast, I Dn fast. ——- Well — discovering that he
had miss'd that Discovery, - Az/elm returns to discover his misfortune: to Camilla:
But looking into the Bed, he discover'd that Camilla was not to be
discoverd neither —— There was the Form,' but Puss was started
Away goes Arse/m, and vilits every Room within doors, Buttery, Kitchen;
Cellar, Garrets — Calls Mile, why Millie —— Nay , he did not :leave
the House of Office at the lower end o? the Garden unsearch'd —— Still no
Camilla —— At length returning to his own Chamber, ard finding Mz/lie*s
Closet-door open, and her Cabinet unlock'd, he made another Dilcovery :
for all the Jewels and Money were gone —— All the Queen Elizabeth's, Two
and Twenties,Rose Nobles,even to the Edward Shillings, and Harry Groats ,
all. were vanish'd —— But then to see how poor Az/e/ look'd like a Dog
that has lost.his Tail! —— He stood indeed, but like one o'the Heads upon
London-Bridoe ——able neither to speak nor breath —— You might ha'
heard his Heart-strings snap like Virginal wires in a wet season -—. There
were only two or three that held, or else t had fallen to the bottom of his
Belly — Well, in this condition away he creeps to his dear, dear, dear
Friend Lothario -— But when they told him he was gone too; nay, rid away,
rid away a Horse-back — And that he borrow a Pillion of one of his Neigh-
bours—— Then hefell a scratching his Head, as if a* would ha' digg'd up
all his hair by the Roots —— These new Discoveries, and no Discoveries,
that would ha' made all the seven Wise Men. of Greece run mad —— Discoveries.
that he had lost his Wife, his Friend, and his Honour —— No Discoverits,
because he knew not where to find, or how to regain either the
one or'the other. Now, what would yee have had a poor Gentleman ha?
done. in his condition? Would ye have had him ha' gone tothe Civilians
for a Divorce to Cancel his Marriage ? Would ye have had him ha? gone to
Furnival*s Ini, or Staples-Inh, for a Writ of Clausum fregit against Lothario ?
Or would ye bave had him repair'd to St. 4ztiz's for some Drams of Confolatian,
or a LeQure of Patience? No — he was still for a Friend in a cor-
CE3 | nery

Eh f ok SE ROI $7 C455 Fen. I ,
WSN ALS ET UY MEy dds. ke. pgs} "cr F.-- LOR bal / rat$%; he $6. | :
\ SH - "IP an CEN J f "A 3418-4 a c ; Fi. Ny & $5 NS - te LETS 0
OY IAN + & 39 AO ON <a, 4}, + + $04eD. Wig. GS ON RF BLY 2d. g
JW Y * re k jp

vo TI * > vo , $ 4 44 TV. oe ION: >; re”, 5 3) B "= Ns es
TERS IDES, EE, "9; VEG. ; WY Yn ONT CO BL9G/46 "Ip: 5 © FE 8
c \ Bn bs & w
F $ $ Bn

The Life and Atchievements of Pais E'

ner, where he might unload the Burthen of his Grief: Ard it seems hehad
such a one in the Country. To that purpose therefore, he causes his Horse
to be Sadd1'd, and away he rides to find him out. But 'ere he-was got balf
way, not able to bear the weight of his Aficticn, he alights, and holding
his Horse by the Bridle, down he lays himself at the foot of a Tree. Where
he had not rested long, but a Gentleman riding by, he desir'd him: to flop,
and ask'd him, what News? News! reply'd the Gentleman ; why, did: you
not know two such Persons as Anse/mand Lothario; two such Friends, that
the like Patterns of Friendship were never known Y this World ? Yer. for
all this, the News this Mormng 1n all the Coffee: Houses 1 the Town is,
that Lozhario last Night ran away with Azse/z's Wife. And this was : first
discover'd by Camillas Chamber-maid, who was taken by the Watch flidipg
down by a long Sheet from a window in 4»/c/mzs House into. the Street, like
a Cupid descending from the top of a Play-house. But is it not-known, Sir,
reply'd Ansel/m, which way Lothario and Camilla rode together * Troth, Sir,
you ask me a Question I am not able to: resolve ye —— Nor is it to be
thought they were such Fools, but thar they knew whither to go, before
they went ; for a Plot's no Plot, unless it be well laid. And having so said, -
he rode on. But no sooner was he got out of fight, when poor Anselm,
over-whelm'd with a thousand Thoughts, Well — quo he, ill News 1s like
a Train of Gun-powder, no sooner is the fire at one end, but 'tis as soon at
the other. From what a Sa/zbury-Steeple-height of Happiness am I fallen-to
the lowest Abyss of Misery ? And then looking up with an Eye of RefleQtion
upon the vastness of the Precipice, such a Dizziness feiz'd his Brain, that
had it not been for some few gulps of Dr. Stevezs's Water, that he had in
his Pocket, he had dy'd i the High-way. |
Finding himself therefore to be somewhat reliev'd by his Cordial, up he
got again, and rode the tother half way, which brought him to his Friends
Door; where being arrivd, he was met by his Friend, who seeing him look
like a solitary Widow of -a week's standing ;- melancholy, penfive, sorrowful,
dejeQted, paleand wan, heprudently forbore the usual:-Complement of,
Tam plad to see yee well, and more discreetly ask'd him, What heayld? To
which A4»/e/z return'd no other Answer, but only defir'd him to Order his
Bed to be got ready, and to lend him a sheet of Paper, and a Pen and Ink.
I do not find but that his Friend was a civil well-bred Gentleman; and therefore
seeing him in that condition, he would not trouble him with unseasonable
and impertinent Consolations ; but that after he had shew'd him-up
to his Lodging, he left him to his Soliloquies, So that A»/elw finding himself
alone, began to refle& upon his former Felicities and his present Calamities.
But then the sad Ideas of his misfortune represented themselves so
lively before his Eyes, that finding his Heart no longer able to support the
weight of his Head, an Inundation of fatal Apprehensions over-whelm'd
his Vital Spirits. So that now. perceiving himself Sentenc'd to Death by
his Folly, and that he was to end his days upon the Scaffold of his own
Curiosity ; and knowing how greedy People are of Harangues upon such
Occasions, he thought it expedient, according to the:Mode ( as being the
shorter and less troublesom way) to leave a Paper behind him, to shew the
Occasion of his Death, and how wrongfully he dy'd. Induc'd by these
motives, he began to write; but Grief, his Executioner, ina niggardly humour,
unwilling to see so much Paper wasted, ftrang!'d him before he
could finish his Speech. Soon after, his Friend, officious to know what he
wanted, and what he would have to Supper, softly enter'd the Chamber,
andthere found. poor Azse/m with halt his Body fallen upon his Breast,

4 EH, . ” * d PR + 3 * a
VS Ys 0 9b 1 : & MAAS, ob ant eG RR a ark Wwe rs Wh, i RR Ky
> Oi op a. K Z\w4s £ be Ko% 4 OK ©". PP, 3 LD Vet; 174800 EO GER -#; en Fe AR Ny Ve 6 FF x) re 2 4 4 > bg x Y -
LEI 442% . 4 kolk oy «i 1 bent "Ro 34 $a Sat go Bo. "8 1s 5. «v/ RS AE IG EET SSIS ode Be IRR 23 28 ? -
x bp 1g SI « bb > AE-- 4446 F ri *v; I \ ® Hate, * $4 ENF ect 1 58&-. bi raras? 373 & WT 1% : WD? 5 34 7 p, s
4 Salons "W Fo JerY hs "ILY : w - = Ip Fs PREY, (R124 wo Fs eee” "4 F ix 4 $7; Cage F-'p LD oaT Rn We, P hd a, a» bY ak B Pg nf [2 a x 3
» 1 33 v 5.x, To 4 - SES \ + Wu» 7 b py L n
# : ” - OS | ut .
Of *% b i 5 5” d WE. vt \ ,
% ar 4 L x' . - '

a" 2a lf , So dS INT $a FEY $3 re ly 3 nt TR 7 «4 nat i et Ta a ME ae” AC bart CR Ce $2 bas bei F3*
a wh a ATE: Td » + eth Re a SIE.” jag "YE. "5 - Figs { b Ws te ERR Ld oe so 85% 4 2228 OT ESD as gas
& bp > "A . AEM IQ 667 RE A ER NOS, TY 7 WED xg +40 . oF? IRE _ wy WR ot 1 o
WA on ae; RAT ES 5 HOI BZ tha ons Rt 7 Z* | ib eg o
Re $8: WRCE f% f - bo” 4 : 2þ55 Fl. p:
+4 $* bY v4 : wy aA . F 3 _— pa yy - þ r v F ,
he \ as.
i ; - 6 "9% v

OO er rn EP ot Pau AYE Arete AC_—_—.

Book IV. The Renowned' Do x Qu IX:OTE. . 167

Lat 6 AS TS

his Face upon the Table, and his Feer resting upon, the: Ground, with a
Pen.in! his Hand; that was Key-cold, and resting upor-a sheet of Paper, bekrrawld

with these-few lines:

An Impertinent Curiosity has cost: me my. Life.. 1f the News of | my Death
[ball reach Camilla's Ears, let her know, that I Pardon. her, since. 1 never. exed.
I: had marry d into the Family of Perfettion, or. ever took her for Nature's
Miracle. For if, she yielded; and-T'my. self} mas the Master-Wheel that mow d the

Devils. Temptation, tes but Just

Thus far hadi A»/e/m written; and here, *tis probable, that by some mistake
i the Sign, his Executioner was quicker then the poor Sufferer intended.
However, *tis-no- wonder, that a man in his Condition should be
thus over-whelm'd by Death. For they say, that Cuckolds breeding Horns,
are like Children breeding Teeth: Some breed: their Teeth with lutle trouble,
others with so much pain, that it kills *em. | |

The next day: A»/e/m?s Friend. gave: notice of his death to his Parents,
who, for ought I find:by the Story, were nothing concern'd at it.

As for Camilla, she was in the lame condition, just ready to follow her
Husband ; but don't mistake me, *twas not for the death of her Husband,
but forthe absence of her dear Lothario. Some say, she livd pretty honest,
till: hearing that Lothariowas lain, either in Europe, or Asia, or. Africa, or
America, or somewhere ; but she then lanch'd into the World, and proving
a Soul, split against the ewo common Rocks of Clap and Brandy ; 1o far from
being the Theam of all the Poets of the Age, that there was not so much
as one Ballad-maker at her Funeral. . bi |

This Novel, said the Crate, seems to mea strange Party per pale Bulinels.
For a Man to tempt, and fora Woman to be tempted, is no wonder ; nay,
for a Woman to- be overcome 'by. that Temptation, tho she were one of
those that stand so demurely at the Bull and Mouth a Sundays, 1s no News —
But for a man to labour and toyl so industriously to Cuckold himself, is to
me'a Mystery. Yet if there be any. that are such Widgeonly Dolts, tis
my Opinion, they ought to be servid rhe same fawce that Anselm was —
However, 'as long. as I live, they shan't scape my Almanack. For tho a
Lover might be so over-seen, for a Husband to be such a Coxcomb, - is hard- -

ly to be imagin'd. |

CHAP. IX.

Recounting several Rare Adventures that happen'd in the Inn.

T the same time, the Inn-keeper, standing at the Inn-door, to see

A what Company he could spy upon the Road; A hey-boys, cry'd he:
Here they come Trill-lill, y fackins A jolly Crew Ple warrant — It
they do bunt stop here now —— By St. George, and his fair Lady Sabrine to
boot, 'we'l sing 014 Rose to Night —— What a noise does that bawling Oatstealer
make there, quo the Curate — What Company's that which'is coming
? Four Gentlemen, reply'd the Inn-keeper, a Horse-back, upon the ray
day, like young Citizens between London and Brainford —— Nt”. - '

a IF Fo ”
eh d. $a 2 PL $9 LL adi \ "FUE; > bg + dP robs Ty IF" "Fy hu: > HR Gt on #1 —
DENT HY *« l » OE Re or Fi Dt Oy neg as A IO GIS. at do ed),
k . "9,4 p Pas TORS x > K*. RAY Wh : PADS: pw. 04, $202 Gs, Y * OTE OT I 'y 948 wh *
y 5X 4 F; » " 3X whke Wh JT Þ 34% A > £4
x A 26+ * Pa. v4 w 0 Wh a FEI Gn $4-."% % «0 " bs a4 2% KS A $14
X p - ol
\ , 44 . 4 Ms 2,

OO. ---* The Life and Atchievements of Y- Part L |

They miay be Knights, for ought Tknow, for they have Lances and Bucklers
all, and every .one a black Mask over his Nole—— Hoy-day— there's a
Gentlewoman too upon a Gonhelly follows behind 'em a Tittop, a Tittop,
but whether foul or fair, no body can tell ; for she's under a black Cloud ©
as well as the rest— How. far arethey off,quo the Curare? Close at hand,
reply'd the Inn keeper. Presently Mrs. Dorothy clapt on her Mask too ; and
Cardenio, that was not asham'd to shew all that he had, but a little before
now. not thinking his Clothes good enough , went up to Dox Quixote's |

Chamber. Presently the Masquerades came thund'ring into the Inn-yard,
and alighting, immediately the person that seem'd to be the most sparkish
above all the rest, went tothe Lady, and taking her down from her Sidesaddle
in his Arms, seated her in a Chair just at the entrance into the
Chamber where Cardenio was gone to hide himself. All this while not
one of the Company had pulld oft their Masks, or so much as spok'n
a word, only the Lady fetch'd a deep Sigh as she fate, and at the same
time let fall her Arms, as if she had been dropping into a Swoon.
The Cnrate , whose Curiosity was strangely heighten'd by this Disguise

and profound Silence, follow'd the Lacquies into the Stable, and enquird
of one of 'em, who these Sparks were ? As Pm a Sinner to Heavn, answer'd
the Lacquey, I know'not how to satisfie ye farther then this, That I believe
em to be all Persons of Quality; especially the Person that help'd the
Lady down, because the rest give him a worlda” Respett. But who is the
Lady, quo the Cyrate ? Nay, Sir, he must be a Conjurer that can tell ye, for
me, reply'd the Lacquey ; for all along as we came, I never saw so much
as the tip of her Chin ; but tho she hid her Face from my sight, she could

not stop my Ears, for they were Witnesses of her continual Complaints,
and her Sighs, so loud and so mournful, as would ha' made a Crocodile to
weep in earnest, Nor is it a wonder we should know o little, having serv'd
em but two days, from the time they met us upon the Road, when the
told us, they were going to 4ndaluzia, and would pay us well for our Pains,
if we would attend *em thither. What! quo the Cxrare, did they never
talk, nor call one another by their Names? No, Sir, they travelld together
more speechless then their Horses ; for they{did not so.much as zeighie
one to:another. | So that we heard nothing but the sad and doleful Lamen-

tations of the poor Lady, whom we suppose to be some Fortune, whom
these Gentlemen have stolPn out of some Boarding-School, and are carry-

ing her away to be marry*d against her Consent. That may very well be,
reply*dthe ; ory nor is it the first time such Pranks have been plaid i' this
Country. And so leaving the Stable, he return'd to Mrs. Dorozby, who, out
of a Female Compassion of her Sex indistress, was officioully profering her.
Service to the Lady, and whispering her 1 the Ear, as may be supposd, to
know whether she had any Occasion for private Retirement ( for the House
of Office is a Place where the Female Sex at the same time frequently discharge
their Back-sides, and disburden their Hearts.) Truly Mrs. Dorothy
was passing kind, she, proffer'd toattend- her into her Chamber, unlace her ,
Stays, pull off her Stockins, and help her to bed : But after all, the Devil
a'word: would the Gentlewoman in the Mask speak. - Upon which, Mrs.
Dorothy concluded, - that she was tak'n with a dangerous Disease call'd the
Mullegrubs. And at length the Spark that had tak'n her off from her Horse,
addressing himself to Mrs. Dorothy, Madam, said he, you may spare your
{self rhe Labour— All the Kindnesses you proffer that Lady, are but Fish of
twodays old— There's no more Gratitude'in her, then there grows Plumpudding:
in a Bean-shell ; and therefore, Madam, unless ye have a mindto

hear

Is Y v4 i
e P 4 Sv ls If xe Su SHA te ond dicks ; 4 |
TY» I Ws\ ts ar FLIER clo 1 AE 4s rh RN Wo ph "45. et Wa Ee FB {08 Ce Page hut + 202 L608 TE \ EF oy. TROMTe Soodf9 F; an.) KA EM +1! 3 a SEIOBE > an WPI, OO 9 LOT gs. Ee WS 2% ARMED. ALS. 2 BY: $$. Care ea?” bs GS \"% To EET Fo
vi \ $ B IPL OED! 68-4 * 5 Mq>-1 IT + \ N88? "i b & MOL TY IN 190 Fs Ps SI pot One " LOI 1 47 5 OTE BL bs fg. af - >.” nes” Vy I Ws Lo 4 Ih: —_ TRE 1 i I . $a : ETC "x bs. Ls
IS SIE, WIE 20649 ITC 0 * Ms v0 i” I l F RES 6 . bh. Sr IEA "th ge * RT IE OR at $6. \, 0 's uit, IF" TY ES, ME, pans” rg NL Mts 4 abe6*<* __ + 1 > Pp C. NY ES at, A 1
ef OR Ro ee EE oo I 3 oe er EE Bane rr A 67 ROE EL ES. ab Ee de ene Ale: * pu CS R
WIT Vet BP A tn Ent A Re Matt, A WAL 0 "ns $6. IN ns” ts | ih CR ics
F-.. . L oF $051 £ wi F } G
n [2 A S \ 4 " 8 {ol

Book IV. The Renowned Don QuixoTE.
hear a Company of Stories and Lyes, never desire her to open. ber Lips.
The Spark had better a? held his Peace— for 'upon his so saying, the di-.
stressed Lady found'her Tongue again. No, no, Mr. Foul-month, said she,
you. that never spoke Truth i your life, never found me such a Lyar, as
you pretend to make me. But because you can't make a Fool of me, and
have your Will,” therefore I tell Scories— But I must tell ye, Sir, 'tis my "J
Conftancy, and Scorn of your Treats, your Guinies, your Point-Laces, and |
your Gold Watches, that has reduc'd me to this Condition.” . Mercy upoi we
me ! cry'd Cardenio, who distinEtly heard every word the Lady said, :What
Voice 15 this I hear ?. Presently the Lady hearing Carderic's Re fro
gave a sudden Start,, and rising from her Chair quite another Woman,
would have enter'd the Chamber from whence the Voice came, but was
prevented by the Spark that stood by her. However, in the midst of that
restless Commotion of mind she was in, her” VGil fell from her Head, and
notwithitanding her inward Anguish, and the Paleness of her Cheeks,
discover'd a most incomparable Beauty, Onthe other side, the Spark that
rudely held her down by the Shoulders, was so earnestly busy'd to keep
her from rising, that his Mask dropt from his Nose, not daring to stir his
Hand ; at what time Mrs. Dorothy standing by the Disconlolate Lady, and
looking up inthe Spark*s Face, presently knew him to be. Don Ferdinand, as
one. that had not only seen, but felt him too more then once or twenty
times before that. This caus'd such a Fermentation of various Passions,
and that Fermentation brought such a Qualm oyer Mrs. Dorothy's Heart,
that she fell down in a Swoon. Immediately the Cyrate, for young Parsons
are generally very handy about Women, pulls off her Mask HE Bee Face,
to give her Air; at what time D. Ferdinand was no less aftonishd to see
that it should be Mrs. Dorothy. Never was Bell-founder so confounded
when his Mettle miscarries; however he wou'd not let Lxcinds stir, for she
it was that he held all this while (see by the way how Marder begins to
come ont.) and she it was, who strugghd with all her. might to get our: of
D, Ferdinand's Clutches, as mad. as a Cow to come to her Calf, to get to
her Cardexio, whom she knew by his RAHOg. On the other; side, Cardenio
hearing the Shriek that wording Mrs: Dorothy gave, _ believing
it had- been his Lucinda, whom healso smelt by a particular Steam that
she had about her, flung out. of the Chamber like one half har'd.out of
his Wits; 'twas a chousind © one his Soul had not Nos her Neck for |
haste out at his Ears. For he never could endure that any body: should
handle: Lucinda, but himself. And now the Game begins: Afﬀtonishment
upon Astonishment,. Amazement upon Amazement, VVonder apon Wonder.
Lucinda star'd upon Cardenio, He i Her— Is't thou, quo he? Ist
thou, quo she ? Ferdinand stard upon Mrs. Dorothy, The upon him... Cardenio
ftard upon Ferdinand, Ferdinand upon Cardenio 3 and so they, stard
upon one another to. the. end 0. the Chapter, At length, after they had
stard out-their Stare, Lci»ds was the first that brake

lence,: and addressing
her self to D: Ferdinand; Hands off, for {hame, quo she,-g00d my
Lord Ferdinand; ang at last,if ye. know how to,be so,be civil, shew your self
a Gentleman, and'don't think to he&or me out of my Maiden-head,.that
I reserve, for one that. better deseryes it. You: know that git your Prodigality,.
nor: all your Menaces, could' ever move me-—— my Resolution is fixd;;
and therefore be afsur'd; Ile. rather marry a ;Swal:coal-man or a Chinney/
Sweeper, and cry Hogs-Puddings about the Streets, then marry such a Roi- J
fter.as your Worship —— Here stands Cardenio, to whom I;have long since id
demisd-my: Heart, with all its. Appurtenances, to have: and to hold in i 'H
EN | | pales £ ot

ts. Tt er $6 4 _ _ Saf. £6 4 Yin et;
A - ” - 1 ms « Fu a + 18 dS a Lie I TWO FIOEEE IE id et rb. bats T5: -
EE CET II OO TIA TIT or AN i L CN" > "8 LIES. ES, dos Ta at, 98 I-39 MY IE urs, NERF $5 Eo Sos 1
n X 4 _ I RI. 210 eial pot. Ag bes Sitobe> "a, R we TRE RS te RC ons No 4 - 5 » Ed <4 ” Ne = 0 YT "ts % ps. 5 bes : 4 £7? Fe ok F- 3 *
PII? END Tn DAMN” WAIC - - pe. Eo I A Eo CR 22) > F4 3 C ” 7 W-.".-; So tel + Tl 2 - Kin, : ©* - : - 6 ” , . 7 wy
0 37 ae te, te 29s ue om ets Ln RS. et SIR GE M6 to REES "fa. "0- $a IN tt CON OE ae Ke OO Es of bo & S y Le gs SES *. Pg » ; I 7 Wk a « , % -: Þ o =
4 2 $44 Hh RS CN, nd ee al "PS. i "Ix; . + Ss So EO BEN 3x 2 1 at OA SgN LE $ oo Y-} £ Y F —Y » . . ) . wr
PEE 7 TN ODS beg OR es EO Sa Ee TY 32, þ re OE ITN p : Ws 7.58 7 o : Tc :
I AA —_ E F &

cn: EPI I — Vo 6 —_ | oY - OY MParS —— D .
20 _ The Life and Atchievements of ' Pat L.

Tail roPerpetuity. Give him therefore quiet Poslession, as Lawand Justice
requires, or if you intend to be a continual Plague to me, terminate my Life
and my Misfortunes both together. 5 WG

During these Expostulations, Mrs. Dorothy being by this time come to

her self, and understanding *twas Lucinda that spoke, yet finding that D.

Ferdinand would neither let.go his hold, nor give any Answer to the reasonable

Requests Lacinds made him, up she rose, and advancing towards

him with her Handkerchief before her Eyes— * Sir,. said she, if y* have any

«spark of Grace or Gentility, look upon a Woman, whom your Petjuries

have madeso— a Woman, to whom once you promis'd Mountains of Hap-

*©viness, but have now render'd miserable. Consider , Sir, that in the

fight of Heav'n, you are my lawfal Husband— You cannot forget the
time when you enter'd jgtothe Obligation— and tho there were no Wit-

ness toit, you cannot but know, that you seal'd'it at the fame time with

your own Seal— What a murrain— how many Wives would ye have—?

As many as the ancient Fews— ? If so, Sir stay till the Law allows it—
the West-Country Knighit has not yet got his Bill past— In the meantime

© consider what an Injury you do your own Sex— for what Maid will ever

trust-a young Man again, for your fake? I pity'd your Sighs, your Sobs,
© your Tears, and your Lamentations—I had Compassion upon your Moans,

and, your Groans, -and the mournful Out-cries of your Impatience, and be-

Meying I might believe a Person of your Quality, 1 was at length, tho you
twell. know it was a long time first, prevail'd with by my Commiseration,
©:2nd trusted to your Honesty— But what Maid will ever pity a Person of

© Quality ttiore? 'Twas this Compassion of mine, that for the Relief of your
2 crying Neceslities, and impatient Distrefses, -made me venture. the Dis:
oraces of a' great Belly, and who knows 'but that I might ha'come.to
rhe Misfortune of being hangd for stifling the poor Baby in a House of
Office ? Andcan you turn away your ungrateful Eyes from one that has

©so deeply: hazarded her Honour and her Life, upon the Confidence she
'© had ''of your Vertue,. and your Justice? If I were more forward then'I
should*h#"been, were not you more hasty thenT ? And.therefore do-but
© marry me; 'tis all I desire— then keep as many Misses afterwM#ds. as you -
© please, Ple never lay, Love, why 4 ye so? The never be moody when ye

. *©£ome _home;'fudd1'd, nor Es ye for losing your Money at Play; but

ve my Life, and take my Goods — When you

sure? Tf this that I have said will not prevail, read Baxter s Sainrs Ever:

ng Rest, and see what Rest you are like have either in this, or: the
er -VVorld, after so many fallify*d. Oathes and Perjuries as you ha?

© committed. - | NO” ys
D;Ferdinazd being thus rally'dbetween Fest and Exrneft , found” himself
shot” between wind and water. On the one side, her undeniable marter-of
Fa ide ea all the Arguments of his libertine Folly, and the
Tears and Sobs thi

Crams. in th

oper leconded her serious Admonitions, had stuck so many
ns. in the Throat of his Conscience, that finding himself so run down
by Reason and Morality, he quitted Lacizda,and ran with his Arms Jy

CE OL Fees Cen | panded

4 pr. OVER RATE Safin ft hs

Iv.

a \ T - . ” ; V
"4 i; x p yo Fad . E k
EI EET SCE. 2: wy WEER 2-0 —— - KEE 3 Wir ds 3 135M " IE. ”
voy" : LACIE BG 4-7 GT ALE | ES” "7 TL, yo OE I ay - VLS FI we Ws rs ves 7 rg. Fant CEE HE IR p
: —= » "8 a” s . 2 , , . \ "
—_——” J I . ; . ? 7

IN WAY: . 3 w Mot 7. ke Al p i
ge on pee BY - 2 Wand $4 RL PIT RK
HS, Jo 465 "W3; 5 IS $58! wits Why NS RA . 5 a oj m a; $73.0 :
Mr Fr > RT: 4 4 TT Ec, IG 4 Ya Fat RN ka 6 "Ga 3 mY
BY 6 9; age » J TW, ; Ke © *Y5 F- Nig ag
WW OY x $$) $ » » F* ;. ibs "F< 3 ;, Ty WG.”
We A4 * Gu (-4] { - *% 4; 1 = TURK CO Rs #: 12h
M _ \ ; FP, SL IJ HY: 6. 7 5% T Ix" #4} F, ; Y
F ONES VE : Rs 5 54 £7249 '
LEE y M.. $ p Ee 3v ” Wo ? o
oe TY Ig S k, Uh 5
1 95.9% bn K& » % ” o
itt 1 , :

panded like the VVings of a Cherubim, -and embracing. Mrs. Dororhy; My
dear Dolly, quo he, no longer now plain Dorothy, but lacd Madam Dorothy,
live and be a Lady, since Fate will-have it so. *Tis true, I did debauch
thee---- but before all this Company, here's my hand upon't, Vie mend thee
up again as sonnd in Law, as ere-thou wert r thy life. For thine, my dear

olly, is only a Stitch falPn 1! thy Reputation , which the Needle and
Thread of ' Wedlock will repair at any time. * With that he gave her a Kiss,
and at the same Instant breath'd a new Soul into her Body.

On the other side, Lucinda had been so long supported by' D. Ferdjnand,
that finding her self at Liberty, she was like to ha' fall to the Ground, had
not Cardenio, who all the while stood behind D. Ferdinand, because he
wou'd not be seen, caught herup in his Arms - For tho she were glad to
see that all things fadgd so well with Mrs. Dorothy, yet some little Qualms
of Envy at that g$od Fortune in another, which she thought as due to her
self, made such a deep Impression upon her Spirits, as made the whole

Frame of her Mzcroco/m begin tototter. But then, fair Lucinda, .cry'd Car-

denio, considering the Feebleness of your Condition, you cannot be better
then in the Arms of him that has always lov'd ye from his Infancy. .V Vith
that, Lucinda turning her Head, and perceiving him to be her beloved Cardenio,
Heav*ns! she was ready to jump* out of her . Skin; up she leapt as
nimble asa Bird, and darting her self about Carderzo's Neck. ; Andais it thee,
my dear Husband, quo she? What Miracles are these ? Did I ever think,
by such a strange Accident as this, to meet again the Joy and Comfort
of my Life? And then seconding her amorous Expressions with amorous
Actions, forgetful quite of .either Time or Place, she joyn'd her Lips so
close to his, that Cardenio might easily feel her Mind, and know what she
woud ha' been at, had the Opportunity been favourable. |

But these Endearments between Lucinda and Cardenio, did no way please
D. Ferdinand: For, notwithstanding all his new Engagements to Mrs. Dorothy,

he had still an aking Tooth after Mrs. Lacinda. And he could not

but think he had some Right to her too, considering the Money she cost

him. So that he began to change Colour, and fall a handling the Hilt of

his Sword with his Right Hand ; cursed Symptoms of Mischief in his Mind.
Which my Lady Dorothy observing— ran to him, and catching him about
the Middle, Sir, {aid she, since. you have now been pleasd to own me for a
Wife, be pleas'd to hear me. when I utter Reason —— How ! quo D. Ferdinazd,
what, breaking Covenants already ! * No, Sir, quo my Lady” Do.

© -othy— 1 neither chide ye for being fudd['d, nor tax ye for losing your Mo-.

ney ; nor am Igoing about to perswade ye from keeping a Mistress ; be
©as modish as you please, Sir, but never meddle with other Men's Wives.
There are single Gentlewomen enow i the World, that would be glad to
© serve ye——— And therefore why should you meddle with Madam
© Lucinda ? In the first-place, you see she can't endure ye : And by 'my new
recoverd Happiness, I swear, were I a Man, I'd not. give my old Shoes
© strings for a Woman that did not love me as wellas Tov'd her — Besides,
Sir, you see her AﬀeRtions at present are engag'd quite another way ——
So that you may as well think to remove .Bow-Steep/e, with all the Bells

in't, to Highpate, . asthink to unsertle her Love in the Honey-moon of her |

doating fondness. And therefore seek-not to sunderthus an amorous Pair,
that Heaven seems to haveso pleasingly united. Surely your heat for me
£cahnot as yet be so extinguishd, but rhat'you may. find Divertisement sus-
« ficient, atleast, till you find my Passion begin to cool-— Come try me,
« Sir, Ple find ye Sport enough, Ile —_ ye; for Imay.talk a little freely
D | | now

Ws Ro .
vo bs

; £ +3 ls ON oe 3 SAD \" K "*-
Wy Ee OL RE din FE ts
pax, Wo 0 a tb td ds 9
A / oa Be a Nate pl.
: $ $ : * 2 he” ;t

CIERS GS « by : Fe ud ss Bo ;
£ % \ \ b R ' FN b « MI ,
of 4 , EP , FF
T5'v WD DAP wo Fn 4 ” TE Be. E..
ns. Aa | Mah 2 WER +» |
, . { ; , Wins Go
el ; Ko = Co o hy . ” " 4 + w a
p = = | ; 3 " - ' F
The Life ana Atcomevements 0 Fart 1

< now—-— We were sever'd by Disaster, and now here. we are met again
together by a Miracle; which, as it is the Work' of a Superiour Power,
© never oppose Fate, nor seek to unravel a Bottom, which the Destinies are
© so harmoniouslly winding up; nor spoil the last Scene of a hangs |
©that begins to conclude so _ that all the Poets in Town, cou
© never ha' brought it so exaQtly to pals. Wk 11, {x
While my Lady Dorothy was thus laying the Law to D. Ferdinand, Cardenis
who held his Lacinas, as the Lobster held the Hair upon Salrebury-
Plain, watch'd D. Ferdinand's Swotd-hand, for fear of being surprizd, as
being resoly'd before he would part with Lz=cinda again, tohave venturd
half a dozen Oylet-holes in his Skin. But D. Ferdinand's Friends and the
Curate perceiving how the two Desperado's look'd' one upon another, like
two Boar-Cats, ready to dispute the Posleffion of Madam Grey-Mazslkin, to
prevent Mischief, ran to D. Ferdizand, and besought hifi to consider, that
he had already before em all acknowledg'd Madam Dorothy for his Wite;
and therefore to hinder another from what he could not -enjoy himself,
was like Hunt's Dog, that wonl4 neither go to Church, nor stay at home. Then
the Cyrate stept in, and desir'd him to consider what would becoine of him,
should he be Lungs or Liver-tapp'd in an unjust Quarrel; That he did
ill to shew his borftrous Propensity, and his ranging Humour to a young
Lady, that had the same Advantages of Form and Beauty with the person
for whom he contended— withal, the Carare bid him beware: what he
did, for that such Rudenesses as those would bring him withia the Verge
of the Spiritual Court—— and that the Law took its Course as well a-
eainst the Lord as the Peasant— That he must be forc'd to come ina
Witness against him, upon his Promise to Madam Dorothy, which would
0 a great way in her Cause, and would procure her Alimony in spite of
is Teeth—— and therefore it would be much better to perform that willingly
which he had promis'd to do, thento be forcd to it to his Dishonour,.
and forthe whole Court to.cry out shame upon him.
D: Ferdinand, who was not so resty neither, but that he might be curb'd
by Reason, finding that his own Friends forsook. him, and that no body
took his part, surrendred at length to Reason and Neceslity ; and then embracing
once more his almost-forgotten ObjeR of Matrimony, Lady, said he,
dry up your Tears, for I can no longer suffer her to weep, to whom I have
giv.a my Heatt ; forget the Injuries and Injustice I ha' done thee,for which -
my Repentance and £L«cizds's Beauty, may in some measure excuse me. But
since-I now perceive there is not a T— to chnse, let Lycinda contente
enjoy her dear Cardenio, and let my Nut-brown Dolly be the Blessing of my
Life; Boys and Girls be the Consequences of our Amours, and'be thou
{ure to save a Portion for thy second Daughter, out of Houle-keeping.
And with that, he embrac'd his beloved Madam Dorothy with such an a-
morons'Heat, and such a tender AﬀeCtion, that he who breath'd nothing
but Duels and $# S's but just now, himself was ready to melt into a Delnge
of Cow-baby Tears. NY CS. ww £
On the other side, Lucznds and Cardenio had no such Command over
the: Sluces of their Eyes, but that the Surplusage of their. Joy. causd
a-kind of April-Showey in the midst of the Sun-shine of their Content,
to trickle down their Cheeks; so strangely overjoy'd_ they were for the
Felicity-of their Friend, no more expected then their-own {sudden Accumulations
of Happiness. But those Tears of AﬀeQtion being soondry'd,
all their Sorrows were” as soon forgot, and they fell a kissing , Ferd:-
nand. and Dolly', Cardenio and Lacinds , like young Citizens ane Tue
s 0a ives

i. ÞD

2100: 24h0gn, 0 ge Bran, wm * i ama Lent Tit

Wives in an Epsom-Coach. Only Sancho ,

at'a-fta

cinda's House the Night that he should, have been, mazry'd;; how: he

CY LY

found the Letter in her Bosom , wherein - she declar'd.,- that she: was
marry'd to Cardenio ; which transported, him. to -that- degree of Rage
and Fury , that he would ha' kill'd her, but that Hier Parents. prevented
him ( for to say the Truth, Twas an ugly : Disappointment. ). That
after this confounded Baulk, he nay, bag of the Houle, and resolvd-to-be
revengd upon her, the first /time he mer: witl;her;:- That | afterwards
he was inforai'd ; . how, that . Lucinde:had+ taken a;Ramble.,; and; was
run a Wild-goose Chase, but whither all-che Conjueers and- Safolds
in London could not tell but that . at length; he heard {he_ had
Thelter'd her ; self. at a famous -Boardiag-School {1 - the Country, where
he lay perdue: for some' Days, to watch her Motions ;/ and. observing
that she was wont to walk out i the Evening to.-a certain Cheese»
cake House, about a Mile, from her Habitation, - td spend: her Six-pence
with some of her Companions, in Tarts'and Bottle-drink , he got
three of his Acquaintance , besides himself, well monnted, with a leer
Hobby for Lacindz:; and meeting her returning 1-the mid-way home,
notwithstanding} all her fquedling , and her f{qualing , having fix'd her
in - her Saddle, he led her' such a Race, while the Gentleman thar
follow'd , whipp'd on the Hobby. behind ,; that; they 'soon got; out: of
the reach of Pursuit.” After which, they wander'd:up. and down from
lace to place, till guided by their good Fortune, ithey arriv'd 1n that
n, where so many miraculous Accidents had befalVa 'em. _ |

& 0 $53 at c 7" 2p 80
Kia a. S

z 45 | old "Sent 4 Rt ; 3 «- ch 4 4
K % , 6A bes oy. Fi e$ þ . 1 1 "Y 7 * 2 F A if
w os N % - ds . » « : 48
Ee ; _w_ ; . b * , vs a L 4 * © ECON?
% : 4%. - p20] AY , f : k Abt” 8
pt: ; "AP g ; o
ding 7 A ES, . FE EN \% of” >
P Tea "> oy o—__ p A Mi fy TT FO PER - Y Rt: fifa RP * ns 8 : "oe W S b;; T v" p
mos - x da. A . EY w _—_— — _ my - 4 : : | : - _ Y « F
P 4 p , L..:*i4 * . ,
P E * } « « %G ” q ” <4 the 2 4 1 :
4 7 ; boy ' me - 4 _ ” i -;
by , ; « f WI i vo | I ,
FR - as a6 # - %" R p 3 ; . « be A ,
u e v & q y \ Y " , i w
F : þ fn 1 \ , 4 J * 6 - ; BY : s
4 F -44 % ; , , 3 / & , " \ * 7 i
6 ; , ” WEY ' { .
o J E q |
a " COLES —_— . COT ITO wo - wal T n? SES :
? - : oY os 1 ET SS? _

1% b C © > 4 " ts \. - 4 pe . *
2, 4 aps 4 Da My WIE F441. : 4 +
£8: 4" TITG | | "4 | N IL of. . 7

P i $3.3 »\ LNG. 185; « TIT LOVING
\ 2? fy Vx 1

6 4 - n s : © % .* * 4
"> & # 1 is . EY ; id 1's 1. | * ® £4 : n s WO, | "> '
ww” # : " - . * F 2 4 / - -
\ * * > % 6 L 4 a _ ” # ” BD Nw & \ l | . ( ' o : _ i, £ ” *; 4 % 6
ot «77 OLA PI Art 1lony | obh950
S * 4 < PA W # * : wv, A : : ' | # $ F 3 wh
s "+2 *. ' wa

4s wa 4 as

by » F
