SOURCE: Thomas L. Strickland (Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, U.S. Department of the Interior), letter to Col. Thomas C. McSwain, Jr. (President, Locust Hill Graveyard Foundation, representing the Lewis family), 25 August 2010, declining the exhumation request ('final decision'), as posted by the Wall Street Journal
URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20100927211548/http://online.wsj.com/public/resources/documents/exhume-strickland-082510.pdf
FETCHED: 2026-09-14
EXTENT READ: whole document (2-page image-only PDF; text below transcribed by hand from the page images, verbatim as far as legibility allows)

[page 1]
United States Department of the Interior, Office of the Secretary, Washington, DC 20240. [date stamp] AUG 25 2010

Thomas C. McSwain, Jr., Colonel (Ret) USAF, President, The Locust Hill Graveyard Foundation, Post Office Box 1524, Shepherdstown, West Virginia 25443

Dear Colonel McSwain:

Thank you for your letters of April 19, 2010, and June 15, 2010, regarding the proposed exhumation of Meriwether Lewis.

You have requested that I reinstate the decision to allow the permitting process for the exhumation to move forward. You outlined several reasons that you felt were compelling to support this request, including perceived policy inconsistencies relating to the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (NAGPRA) and other previous National Park Service (NPS) actions.

NAGPRA does not require exhumation to facilitate repatriation and is consistent with NPS policy. Under NAGPRA, burial sites are not to be disturbed. If there is an inadvertent or permitted disturbance, NAGPRA then helps direct the process for determination of disposition. NAGPRA also applies to historical collections and directs a process for repatriation to the appropriate lineal descendent or tribe. The events surrounding Little Bighorn Battlefield predated Archeological Resources Protection Act permit regulations and were a result of a wildfire that exposed human remains. The investigation into that incident helped determine the proper course of action to effectively manage those remains.

The NPS remained consistent on this matter and had denied requests for exhumation for over a decade prior to the 2008 decision by then-Assistant Secretary Laverty. My 2010 reversal of this decision was based on careful consideration of all available information.

The NPS and the Department of the Interior take Governor Lewis' contributions to this country very seriously. Over the past year, I have approved over $3.5 million in American Recovery and Reinvestment Act funds to make improvements at the site in order to better honor the legacy of Governor Lewis and his impact on our nation's history.

[page 2]
After careful consideration, I have chosen to reaffirm my decision not to allow this process to move forward. We feel this is the best course of action for management of the site and the remains of Governor Lewis. Please consider this a final decision on this matter.

Sincerely, [signed] Thomas L. Strickland, Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks
