SOURCE: J. H. Moore, "The Death of Meriwether Lewis," American Historical Magazine (Nashville) vol. 9 (1904), pp. 218-230. [Author's name printed 'J. H. MOORD' in the OCR; the article is by John H. Moore? — see note]
URL: https://archive.org/details/the-death-of-meriwether-lewis-1904 (djvu text: https://archive.org/download/the-death-of-meriwether-lewis-1904/The%20Death%20of%20Meriwether%20Lewis%2C%201904_djvu.txt)
FETCHED: 2026-09-14
EXTENT READ: whole article (OCR text, verbatim below)

218 THE AMERICAN HISTORICAL MAGAZINE. 


THE DEATH OF MERIWETHER LEWIS. 


BY J. H. MOORD. 


The inauguration a few weeks ago of the Exposition at St. 
Louis to commemorate the acquisition by the United States 
Government of that magnificent area included in the Louisi- 
ana Purchase has revived interést in the two men, Meriwether 
Lewis and William Clark, selected by Mr. Jefferson to explore 
it and to obtain for him and for the country information of 
the value and possibilities of the new territory. This inter- 
est is deepened to readers of history by the proposed publi- 
cation in the immediate future of the original journals of the 
Lewis and Clark expedition, with maps showing the route of 
the explorers, portraits, facsimiles of pages of the manuscripts, 
diaries, memoranda, etc., which, in their entirety, have not 
heretofore been accessible to the public. 


The distinguished career of Captain Clark subsequent to the 
expedition is well known. He was, successively, Indian agent 
and brigadier general for Upper Louisiana, Governor of Mis- 
souri from 1813 to 1821, and superintendent of Indian affairs 
at St. Louis until his death, in 1838. 

Meriwether Lewis, the actual head of the expedition, was 
first a lieutenant in the American Army, later a captain, and 
had earnestly solicited Jefferson for an appointment as leader 
of an expedition to the Northwest, which the American Philo- 
sophical Society contemplated long before the Louisiana Pur- 
chase. The project took no shape until later, when Lewis 
received the appointment he had sought. 

Returning from the expedition, Lewis resigned his commis- 
sion as captain in 1807, becoming immediately Governor of 
Louisiana, which office he held from March 3 of that year until 
his tragic death—October 11, 1809. 

It is to be noted here that Lewis, prior to the expedition, 
had been for two years private secretary to President Jeffer- 
son, who states in his “ Memoir of Lewis” that he had “ op- 
portunities of knowing him intimately.” They were, besides. 


THE DEATH OF MERIWETHER LEWIS. 219 


residents of the same county in Virginia (Albemarle), and, it 
has been said, were related. 

Many accounts of Lewis’ death have from time to time been 
published, nearly all based upon tradition, upon the alleged 
contemporaneous sentiment of the community in which the 
tragedy occurred, upon an absence of a motive for suicide, 
or the existence of motive for murder, etc. Many of these 
accounts have been inaccurate and highly colored, and in 
some cases without any foundation whatever. 

On account of my long residence in a town not far distant 
from where Lewis died; my intimate professional connection 


with the descendants of Griner, who has been charged with 
the murder of Lewis; and my frequent discussion of the sub- 
ject, not only with them, but with many of the oldest citi- 
zens of the locality, particularly the old negroes, Pete and 
Lindy (slaves in Griner’s family and present at Lewis’ death), 
I deem it proper to submit the information I have obtained. 

These facts will be conceded: That Lewis, while Governor 
of Louisiana, with his seat of office at St. Louis, smarting 
under an actual or imagined injustice done him at Washington 
(said to have been the refusal to honor his drafts for money 
to meet the necessities of the organization and government 
of the new territory), started down the Mississippi River by 
boat, carrying with him many vouchers and public documents 
and expecting to take a vessel from New Orleans to the Fast. 
At Chickasaw Bluffs (Memphis) he was led to believe that 
war with England was imminent. Fearing capture and, 
above all, the loss of the papers, on which he relied for his 
vindication, he procured horses at Chickasaw Bluffs and 
started over the Natchez Trace for Nashville, intending prob- 
ably to go thence to Washington by way of Lexington or 
Louisville, Ky. He had two servants—one, a foreigner named 
“ Perney ” or “ Pernea;” the other, a negro. 

Major Neely, Indian agent at Chickasaw Bluffs, accompa- 
nied the Governor until the loss of two pack horses. He 
stopped to search for them, agreeing to join Lewis at the next 
white man’s house on the road, which was Griner’s.* Lewis 


* The correct spelling of the name is ‘‘G-r-i-n-e-r,”’ but it is usually 
pronounced ‘“‘ Grinder.”’ 


220 THE AMERICAN HISTORICAL MAGAZINE. 


reached the place during the afternoon of October 10, 1809, 
and that night received two or more gunshot wounds, which 
caused his death early the next day—whether inflicted by his 
own hand, as I believe, or by that of another, as many writ- 
ers have claimed, is the question which has been discussed at 
intervals ever since. 

One of the earliest statements of the details of the death 
of Governor Lewis was given to the public by the great sci- 
entist, Dr. Alexander Wilson, who, passing through Nashville 
on his way to Natchez, Miss., stopped at the Griner Stand, 
where Lewis died, and obtained from Mrs. Griner an account 
of the tragedy, which was printed in the Portfolio (a maga- 
zine published in Philadelphia, Pa.) for January, 1812. His 
letter was dated ‘“ Natchez, May 28, 1811 ”—about eighteen 
months after Lewis’ death and about two years before the 
date of President Jefferson’s “ Memoir of Lewis,” prefixed to 
“The History of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.” I have 
seen the letter in print only in the Portfolio, though it is 
quoted freely by Dr. Elliott Coues in his edition of the his- 
tory of the expedition (1898) ; and I, therefore, copy in full 
that part which refers to Governor Lewis’ death. Its chief 
value lies in the fact that it came from an able and highly in- 
telligent man, a personal friend of Lewis, and, therefore, in- 
terested in all that concerned him, who received his informa- 
tion ‘directly from an eyewitness of the tragedy, in the room 
where it occurred, and not very long afterwards. 

Another remarkable fact is that the account given by Dr. 
Wilson in £811 should be so nearly identical in its material 
details with the story told me, possibly seventy-five years later, 
by the negroes, Pete and Lindy Griner, who, of course, had 
never heard of Dr. Wilson’s letter. 

“May 6, 1811. 

“ The next morning (Sunday) I rode six miles to the house 
of a man named ‘Griner,’ where our poor friend, Lewis, per- 
ished. In the same room where he expired I took down from 
Mrs. Griner the particulars of the melancholy event, which 
affected me extremely. This house, or cabin, is seventy-two 
miles from Nashville, and is the last white man’s house as 


you enter the Indian country. Governor Lewis, she said, 
came there about sunset, alone, and inquired if he could stay 


Tor DEATH OF MERIWETHER LEWIS. 221 


for the night, and, alighting, brought his saddle into the house. 
He was dressed in a loose gown—white, striped with blue. 
On being asked if he came alone, he replied that there were 
two servants behind, who would soon be up. He called for 
some spirits and drank a little. When the servants arrived, 
one of whom was a negro, he inquired for his powder, saying 
he was sure he had some powder in a canister. The servant 
gave no distinct reply; and Lewis, in the meanwhile, walked 
backward and forward before the door, talking to himself. 
Sometimes, she said, he would seem as if he were walking up 
to her, and would suddenly wheel around and walk back as 
fast as he could. Supper being ready, he sat down, but had 
eaten but a few mouthfuls, when he started up, speaking to 
himself in a violent manner. At these times, she said, she 
observed his face to flush, as if it had come on him in a fit. 
He lighted his pipe, and, drawing a chair to the door, sat 
down, saying to Mrs. Griner, in a kind tone of voice: ‘ Madam, 
this is a very pleasant evening.’ He smoked for some time, 
but quitted his seat and traversed the yard as before. He 
again sat down to his pipe, seemed again composed, and, cast- 
ing his eyes wistfully toward the west, observed what a sweet 
evening it was. Mrs. Griner was preparing a bed for him; 
but he said he would sleep on the floor, and desired the serv- 
ants to bring the bearskins and buffalo robe, which were 
immediately spread out for him; and it being now dusk, the 
woman went off to the kitchen, and the two men went to the 
barn, which stands about two hundred yards off. The kitchen 
is only a few paces from the room where Lewis was; and the 
woman, being considerably alarmed by the behavior of her 
guest, could not sleep, but listened to him walking backward 
and forward, she thinks, for several hours, and talking aloud, 
as she said, ‘like a lawyer.’ She then heard the report.of a 
pistol and something fall heavily on the floor and the words: 
“OQ Lord!’ Immediately afterwards she heard another pistol 
shot, and in a few minutes she heard him at her door calling 
out: ‘O, madam, give me some water and heal my wounds!’ 
The logs being open and unplastered, she saw him stagger 
back and fall against a stump that stands between the kitchen 
and the room. He crawled for some distance, raised himself 
by the side of a tree, where he sat about a minute. He once 
more got to the room. Afterwards he came to the kitchen 
door, but did not speak. She then heard him scraping the 
bucket with a gourd for water, but it appears that this cooling 
element was denied the dying man. As soon as day broke, 
and not before, the terror of the woman having permitted him 
to remain for two hours in the most deplorable situation, she 


222 THE AMERICAN HISTORICAL MAGAZINE. 


sent two of her children to the barn, her husband not being 
at home, to bring the servants. On going in, they found him 
lying on the bed. He uncovered his side and showed them 
where the bullet had entered. A piece of the forehead was 
blown off and had exposed the brains, without having bled 
much. He begged that they would take his rifle and blow 
out his brains and he would give them all the money he had 
in his trunk. He often said: ‘I am no coward; but I am so 
strong, so hard to die.” He begged the servant not to be 
afraid of him, for he would not hurt him. He expired in about 
two hours, or just as the sun rose above the trees. 

“ He lies buried close by the common path, with a few loose 
rails thrown over his grave. I gave Griner the money to put 
a post fence around it to shelter it from the hogs and from 
wolves, and he gave me his written promise that he would 

O it. 

“T left this place in a very: melancholy mood, which was not 
much allayed by the prospect of the gloomy and savage wil- 
derness which I was just entering alone.” 


Dr. Wilson appended to his letter a poem which he had 
written and dedicated to the memory of Lewis, and in which 
these stanzas occur: 

“The anguish that his soul assailed, 
The dark despair that round him flew, 


No eye, save that of Heaven, beheld, 
None but unfeeling strangers knew. 


“ Bereaved of Hope’s sweet angel form, 
Griefs rose on griefs, and fears on fear; 
Poor Reason perished in the storm, 
And Desperation triumphed here.” 


Among my particular friends prior to his death was Elijah 
Walker, of Savannah, Tenn., but a native of Hickman County, 
a lawyer distinguished alike for his uprightness and his abil- 
ity. Chief Justice Nicholson pronounced him, in conversa- 
tion with me, one of the purest men and one of the best 
lawyers he had ever known. He was judge of the Fourteenth 
Judicial Circuit of Tennessee from 1849 until 1861 and of the 
Tenth Circuit from 1870 until 1873. He knew not only. the 
Griners, at whose house Governor Lewis died, but practically 
all of the old people living in the country at the time. He 
had given the death of Lewis a thorough investigation, and 
was a firm believer in the innocence of Griner. 


THE DEATH OF MERIWETHER LEWIS. 223 


Nearly all of the accounts of the death of Lewis agree in 
saying that there were present at the house, besides the Gov- 
ernor and his servants, Mrs. Griner and her very young daugh- 
ter, and two negro children—Pete, aged about thirteen years, 
and Lindy, aged about twelve years. Probably the last two 
were too young to be of any aid to Griner in gathering the 
crop on the Swan Creek farm, some miles away, where he 
had gone, and were left to assist Mrs. Griner at the tavern. 
Pete, before the emancipation, was the servant of Judge 
Walker; and I have frequently heard him tell the story of 
the tragedy, which he remembered perfectly. It differed in 
no material way from the account given by Lindy, except 
that, negrolike, each claimed to have seen and heard more 
than the other; but the story of the one is the story of the 
other. 

When Pete died, Judge Walker suggested to me that Lindy 
was the last living witness of the death of Lewis; that my 
father had been a member of the Legislature which author- 
ized the erection of the monument to Lewis, was instrumental 
in securing the appropriation for it, and was chairman of the 
committee appointed to build it; and that, as the descendants 
and relatives of Griner had long been my neighbors, friends, 
and clients, it was almost my duty to see that the true story 
of the deplorable tragedy was preserved. I, therefore, vis- 
ited Lindy and took full notes of the conversation with her, 
which I still have. Upon these notes I based a communica- 
tion to the Maury County Sentinel, and it was also published 
later in the Hickman Pioneer in a condensed form. I have 
these two, but have been unable to secure a copy of the paper 
furnished to the Sentinel. 

Lindy stated that late in the afternoon the Governor rode 
up to the house alone and asked Mrs. Griner if he could stay 
for the night. She replied: “ Yes; but there is no man here to 
care for your horse.” He replied: “ That makes no difference, 
as my servants will be on in a short time.” Soon thereafter 
two servants, one white and one black, came up on horses, 
with one or two pack horses. She says that the white man’s 
‘name was “ Perney” and that he was a Spaniard or some 
sort of a “furiner.” The servants, after removing the packs, 


224 THE AMERICAN HISTORICAL MAGAZINE. 


took charge of the horses and repaired to the stables. The 
Governor at once began to walk up and down the yard, talk- 
ing to himself and muttering. His conduct was so peculiar 
and his appearance so strange and unusual that Mrs. Griner 
became alarmed, so much so that she went, carrying all the 
children—that is, her child and Pete and Lindy—to the 
kitchen, which was several yards from the “ big house,” as 
she called it. Soon after, Mrs. Griner and Lindy went up to 
arrange the beds for the night. The Governor said they need 
not prepare any bed for him, as he preferred to sleep on his 
buffalo robe on the floor (which he had done on the entire trip), 
and they spread the robe down for him. The servants said 
they were afraid to stay in the house with him, as he had been 
acting strangely for the last two or three days, and went off 
to the barn to sleep. 

The Governor did not lie down; he continued to walk— 
sometimes in the house and then in the yard—continually 
talking to himself and repeating: “ They have told lies on me 
and want to ruin me.” 

The children soon went to sleep, but Mrs. Griner could not 
and sat up all night. Just before day all were aroused by the 
report of firearms. Two shots were fired in rapid succession. 
Immediately Perney came running to the house, and the Gov- 
ernor crawled to the door and called for water. They all went 
together to the house, and found the Governor writhing in 
pain on the floor. Mrs. Griner asked: “ Why in the world 
did you do this?” He replied that if he had not done it, some 
one else would. “They are telling lies and trying to ruin 
me.” He was bleeding profusely from a wound in the body 
near the heart. He drank great quantities of water, and would 
immediately throw it up. He lingered in great agony until 
twelve o'clock, when he died. He was buried just outside of 
the inclosure where the monument stands. 

The next fall, Lindy said, two of the sisters of the Governor 
came to the Stand and stayed with the Griner family six 
weeks. They planted roses and other flowers on the grave. 
Upon leaving, they made Mrs. Griner several presents as keep- 
sakes, including a drinking cup, which was kept in the Griner 
family until the Civil War, when it was taken off, with other 


THE DEATH OF MERIWETHER LEWIS. 225 


property, I think she said, from the house of Mr. Albert 
Griner’s son, who was at the time in the Confederate Army. 
Old Lindy said the Lewis visitors were “ fine ladies,” and 
seemed very thankful for the kindness and attention shown 
their relative in the last hours of his life. 

Mrs. Griner, the widow of Capt. Robert Griner, who was 
a son of the owner of the Griner Stand, was present at the 
interview with Lindy. and said the story was substantially the 
same as she had heard it often told by her mother-in-law. 

While not in the language, this is the substance of what 
Lindy said. 

The idea that Governor Lewis was murdered by Griner was 
given wide circulation by an article which appeared in the 
Nashville American of September 6, 1891, over the signature 
“John Quill,” and which was reprinted in the same paper on 
January 4, 1903. The communication, as it originally ap- 
peared, was illustrated with a picture of Lewis and probably 
the first photograph ever made of his monument. It was 
written by Mr. James D. Park, the regular correspondent ot 
the American at Franklin, Tenn., and a gentleman of the best 
character. While the communication contained many inac- 
curacies, no blame attaches to its writer, other than he per- 
mitted himself to be imposed upon by a garrulous and sensa- 
tional old woman. His information was based entirely upon 
the story of Mrs. Christina Anthony, who, when Mr. Park 
saw her, was seventy-seven years of age and kept a little tav- 
ern in the town of Newburg, Lewis County, Tenn. So far 
from living all her life near the scene of the tragedy, as repre- 
sented to Mr. Park, she spent most of it in Lawrence County. 
I knew her well. One of her daughters had eloped with one 
of the Griners, which she never forgave. Here is one of her 
statements: 


“Griner soon afterwards [i. e., after the death of Lewis] re- 
moved to the western part of the State, and, it was reported 
in his old neighborhood, had bought a number of slaves and 
a farm, and seemed to have plenty of money. Before this 
he had always been quite poor.” 


The following is taken from Spence’s “ History of Hickman 
County, Tenn.,” pages 49, 50: 


226 Tok AMERICAN HISTORICAL MAGAZINE. 


“About 1807 the upper end of the bend [Shipp’s] was set- 
tled by Robert Griner, Sr. . . . The next year he moved 
out on the Natchez Trace, and had an inn where the Lewis 
monument now stands. This was then in Hickman County, 
but is now in Lewis County, named for Meriwether Lewis, 
who committed suicide here in 1809. . . . The regularity 
of some of Lewis’ official transactions was being questioned, 
and he was hastening along the Natchez Trace en route to 
Washington City for the purpose of demanding an investi- 
gation, when one night in 1809 he came to Griner’s Stand, 
accompanied by two servants—one white and one black. One 
of these was named ‘Perney.’ When Lewis reached the 
Stand, he had been drinking, and was in such a highly excited 
state that his servants feared him and would not sleep in the 
room with him. During the night three shots were heard; 
and when Lewis’ room was entered, he was found lying near 
the door, begging for water. He lived until noon of the fol- 
lowing day, and was buried near by, where a monument to 
his memory was erected by the State. This account of Lewis’ 
death is substantiated by a statement made in 1879 by Linda, 
a negro woman who was born in 1797. She was a slave of 
Robert Griner, Sr., and was present on the night of Lewis’ 
death, and saw him before and after his death. A few years 
later Griner returned to the north side of Duck River and set- 
tled where he had first located.” 


Professor Wilson’s letter shows that Griner was living at 
the Stand in May, 1811. The Register’s books in Hickman 
County show that he bought a tract of one hundred acres of 
land in that county in 1814 for $250, and another one hundred 
acres adjoining the first in 1824. 

As a matter of fact, the family has lived in Hickman County 
for nearly one hundred years. While few of the name have 
been prominent, they have been substantial and respectable 
people. Robert E. Griner, son of the owner of the Stand, was 
the senior captain in the Thirty-sixth Regiment of Tennessee 
Militia in 1834; another son, Albert S. Griner, was captain 
in the Ninety-seventh Regiment in 1837, lieutenant colonel 
in 1839, and colonel in 1840. Others of the name served in 
the Mexican War of 1845 and the Civil War of 1861-1865; 
others have intermarried with the Shipps, Easons, and other 
good families of the county. . 

Another paragraph in Mr. Park’s communication merits at- 
tention. He says: 


THE DEATH OF MERIWETHER LEWIS. 227 


“ The conduct of Mr. Neeley, the Indian agent, as mentioned 
in Mr. Jefferson’s account, seems to have been very strange. 
They had servants and horses in their train, yet the 
recovery of two horses that had strayed from the camp was 
deemed by Mr. Neeley of more importance than the welfare 
and safety of his friend. The accounts do not show that he 
ever found them or ever caught up with Governor Lewis and 
saved his priceless records and papers after his death.” 


It is safe to say that Neeley did in the premises what Lewis 
wanted him to do. If the strayed pack horses bore the re- 
ceipts and documents on which Lewis relied for vindication 
from slander and injustice, their recovery was imperative. 
Without these, his journey to Washington was naught; his 
vindication, impossible; his character as a high and trusted 
official, jeopardized, if not ruined. Neeley knew the country— 
its roads and its inhabitants; Lewis and his servants did not. 
What is strange in Neeley’s undertaking to find the missing 
property? But the papers were recovered. In the “Con- 
quest,” a rather highly-colored story of the Lewis and Clark 
expedition, by Eva Emery Dye (1902), occurs this passage 
(page 344): 

“When at last the trunks arrived at Washington, they were 
found to contain the journals, papers on the protested bills, 


and the well-known spyglass used by Lewis on the expedi- 
tion; but there were no valuables or money.” 


In the Preface to the story the author acknowledges her 
obligations to many persons of the families of both Lewis 
and Clark—and names, among them, C. Harper Anderson, of 
Viriginia, the nephew and heir of Meriwether Lewis—for let- 
ters, documents, family traditions, etc.; and the statement in 
an article from Mr. W. J. Webster, of Columbia, in the Nash- 
ville American of May 23, 1904, that the servants had never 
been accounted for, is met by a paragraph from the “ Con- 
quest ” that Pernea visited Charlottesville, Va., subsequent to 
Lewis’ death; that Lewis’ mother refused to see him; and 
that years afterwards Lewis’ sister and her husband obtained 
from Pernea, in Mobile, Ala., the Governor’s watch and rifle. 
Surely Mrs. Dye did not make these assertions without good 
authority. 


228 THE AMERICAN HISTORICAL MAGAZINE. 


All through the article of Mr. Park and the more recent 
ones in the American by Mr. Webster and Maj. E. C. Lewis 
runs the idea that the sentiment of the neighborhood at the 
time was that Governor Lewis had been murdered, and in 
most of the articles the guilt is charged to Griner. 

The committee appointed by the Legislature of Tennessee 
to erect the monument to Governor Lewis—composed of Ed- 
ward Dillahunty, Barclay Martin, Robert A. Smith, and Sam- 
uel B. Moore—uses this language in its report to the Legis- 
lature of 1849-1850: 


“The impression has long prevailed that, under the influ- 
ence of disease of the body and mind—of hopes based upon 
long and valuable services, not merely deferred, but wholly 
disappointed—Governor Lewis perished by his own hand. It 
seems more probable that he died by the hands of an as- 
sassin.” 


The place at which he was killed is even yet a lonely spot. 
It was then wild and solitary and on the borders of the Indian. 
Nation. | 

Maj. C. L. Clark, a son of Governor Clark, of Missouri, in 
a letter to Rev. Mr. Cressey, of Maury County, says: 


“Have you ever heard of the report that Governor Lewis 
did not destroy his own life, but-was murdered by his serv- 
ant, a Frenchman, who stole his money and horses, returned 
to Natchez, and was never afterwards heard of? This is an 
important matter in connection with the erection of a mon- 
ument to his memory, as it clearly removes—from my mind, 
at asa only stigma upon the fair name I have the honor 
to bear.” 


The legislative committee clearly indicates that the theory 
of suicide was general up to 1848; and while it does not say 
so, it no doubt got its impression of murder from the letter 
of Major Clark, and it does not mention Griner in connec- 
tion with it. 

After a residence in Hickman County of more than three- 
score years and after practicing law in that county and the ad- 
joining counties from the termination of the Civil War until 
a few years ago, I have yet to find'in any of them any con- 
siderable number of persons who thought Governor Lewis: 


TRE DEATH OF MERIWETHER LEWIS. 229 


had been murdered; anda letter recently received from Mr. 
Claggett, of Hickman County—a very old and highly respected 
gentleman—states that the murder theory is comparatively 
new. 


I have no doubt it originated in Major Clark’s letter pub- 
lished by the legislative committee in 1849. Maj. E. C. Lewis’ 
unbelief that a man who lived in the open as much as Govy- 
ernor Lewis ever had occasion or disposition to take his own 
life carries no weight in view of the fact, as shown by statis- 
tics, that “the rate of suicide for soldiers is enormously in 
excess of that for any other occupation.” 

Mr. Jefferson, in his “ Memoir of Governor Lewis,” says: 


“Mr. Neeley, agent of the United States with the Chick- 
asaw Indians, arriving [at Chickasaw Bluffs] two days after 
Lewis, found him extremely indisposed and betraying some 
symptoms of a derangement of mind. 

“He [Lewis] stopped at the house of a Mr. Griner, who 
not being at home, his wife, alarmed at the symptoms of de- 
rangement she discovered, gave him up the house and re- 
tired to an outhouse.” 


This is substantially the account given by Mrs. Griner to 
Dr. Wilson and by the negroes, Pete and Lindy, to Judge 
Walker and to me. 

A very much more significant passage occurs in the “ Mem- 
oir of Governor Lewis;” and while it is worded delicately 
and charitably, as a man would speak of a dead friend whom 
he had esteemed and admired, it is easy to see what Mr. Jef- 
ferson meant: | 


“Governor Lewis had from early life been subject to hypo- 
chondriac affections. It was a constitutional disposition in 
all the nearer branches of the family of his name, and was 
more immediately inherited by him from his father. They 
had not, however, been so strong as to give uneasiness to his 
family. While he had lived with me in Washington, I ob- 
served at times sensible depressions of mind; but knowing 
their constitutional source, I estimated their course by what 
I had seen in the family. During his Western expedition 
the constant exertion which that required of all the faculties 
of body and mind suspended these distressing affections; but 
after his establishment at St. Louis in sedentary occupations, 
they returned to him with redoubled vigor and began seri- 


230 THE AMERICAN HISTORICAL MAGAZINE. 


ously to alarm his friends. He was in a paroxysm of one of 
these when his affairs rendered it necessary for him to go to 
Washington.” 


If Governor Lewis was insane, as is clearly indicated by 
these various statements, the question of motive for suicide 
is not worth consideration. Insanity furnishes its own mo- 
tives. 

I believe that Governor Lewis, predisposed by heredity to 
insanity, having borne for years the trying responsibilities of 
the expedition, had assumed, with the governorship of the 
new territory, responsibilities far greater and problems in- 
finitely more perplexing; he had started down the Mississippi 
River for Washington with the object of justifying official 
acts which had been repudiated by the government, no doubt 
chafing with impatience through every mile of the slow and 
wearisome voyage; he had found at Chickasaw Bluffs all his 
plans overthrown by the possibility of capture and the loss of 
his papers; physically exhausted and mentally depressed and 
disappointed, he had undertaken a most exhausting journey, 
on horseback, of hundreds of miles, when, at the end of a few 
days’ travel, there fell upon him the worst of all misfortunes— 
the loss of the receipts and documents which constituted the 
means of his vindication at Washington. The cord broke 
which had been stretched so tensely for years; his mind gave 
way; and, with his own pistol, he ended his troubles and his 
life. 


