SOURCE: National Park Service, Natchez Trace Parkway, "Exploring the Meriwether Lewis Site" (web page, last updated September 15, 2022)
URL: https://www.nps.gov/natr/learn/historyculture/exploring-the-meriwether-lewis-site.htm
FETCHED: 2026-09-14
EXTENT READ: whole page (converted from saved HTML to text)

 
 Exploring the Meriwether Lewis Site - Natchez Trace Parkway (U.S. National Park Service) 
Official websites use .gov
A
.gov website belongs to an official government
organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock (
Lock
Locked padlock icon
 ) or https:// means you've safely connected to
the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official,
secure websites.
Skip to global NPS navigation
Skip to this park navigation
Skip to the main content
Skip to this park information section
Skip to the footer section
National Park Service
Natchez Trace
Parkway
Search
Search
This Site
All NPS
Exiting nps.gov
Cancel
Natchez Trace
Parkway
Contact Us
Exploring the Meriwether Lewis Site
200th Anniversary of Lewis’ death in 2009, © Jed Dekalb 
Why was Meriwether Lewis on the Natchez Trace? 
In September 1809, Meriwether Lewis was living in St. Louis as the appointed Governor of the Upper Louisiana Territory. He left St. Louis for Washington, DC, on September 4, 1809, to protest the War Department’s denial of payment vouchers that he had submitted for reimbursement. Lewis traveled with his personal servant, a free African American man named John Pernia (sometimes also spelled Pernier.)
Lewis traveled to Fort Pickering (modern-day Memphis, Tennessee) by boat and intended to proceed down the Mississippi River to New Orleans and then travel by ship to Washington, DC. Rumors of war with Britain and the thought of his journals from the Corps of Discovery falling into their hands changed his mind. He decided to travel overland to the nation’s capital.
Lewis left Fort Pickering on September 29th with John Pernia, Major James Neelly- the US Indian agent to the Chickasaw- and Neelly’s enslaved servant. 
Lewis arrived at Grinder’s Stand on the evening of October 10, 1809. He was accompanied by Pernia and Neelly’s enslaved servant. James Neelly remained farther south, looking for horses that had escaped the previous night. Lewis stayed in the cabin while Pernia and Neelly’s enslaved servant stayed in the stables. Mrs. Grinder and her children stayed in the kitchen separate from the house. In the middle of the night Mrs. Grinder heard two gun shots and found Lewis bleeding from his wounds. By sunrise on October 11,1809, Lewis was dead. Historical accounts support the probability of suicide. When Neelly arrived later in the day, he arranged to have Lewis buried a few hundred yards from Grinder’s Stand.
Meriwether Lewis National Monument
On February 6, 1925, President Calvin Coolidge used the Antiquities Act of 1906 to establish Meriwether Lewis National Monument. The War Department managed the monument and the superintendent of Shiloh National Military Park was put in charge of the monument site.
From 1926-1933 the War Department made several improvements to the site, including replacing the deteriorating cemetery headstones and straightening and repointing the Lewis Monument’s stone. The War Department also marked the sections of old Natchez Trace that traveled through the site. 
The National Park Service era 
The national monument was transferred to the National Park Service in 1933, when Franklin D. Roosevelt reorganized the duties of the executive branch shortly after his inauguration. By the summer of 1933 a Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) camp was established nearby to undertake erosion control, general cleanup, and nature trail development.
The Natchez Trace Parkway assumed responsibility of the Meriwether Lewis National Monument in July 1939. With the construction of the Natchez Trace Parkway paralleling the monument, the site became an integral part of the Parkway. On August 10, 1961 the Meriwether Lewis National Monument was officially transferred to the Natchez Trace Parkway.
Meriwether Lewis Site Map 
NPS
Footsteps Through History Trail
This easy, accessible, paved trail features exhibits on Natchez Trace travelers, including Meriwether Lewis, Chickasaw, and Kaintucks. 
Vehicle parking is available by the rest rooms closest to the Natchez Trace Parkway. Visitors can access the trailhead and hike a section of old Natchez Trace to follow in the last footsteps of Meriwether Lewis. The section of Old Trace is not paved. 
Exhibits and Park Information
The cabin was built in 1935; it is not a reconstruction of Grinder’s Stand. No drawings of Grinder’s Stand are known to exist.
Today, one side of the cabin houses the park’s museum exhibits about the Corps of Discovery and Meriwether Lewis’ last days on the Natchez Trace. The visitor contact station is located on the other side where you can talk to a park ranger and pick up a park map. Visit the park’s website at www.nps.gov/natr or call 1-800-305-7417 for our seasonal hours of operation.
Lewis Monument and Pioneer Cemetery
The Meriwether Lewis Monument was built in 1848 with funding provided by the Tennessee legislature. The legislation provided $500 “to preserve the place of internment, where the remains of General Meriwether Lewis were deposited.”
The most noticeable feature of the monument is the broken shaft. This was done deliberately and was a common custom in the 1800s. The broken shaft represents a life cut short by an untimely death.
The Pioneer Cemetery was first started in 1856, 47 years after Meriwether Lewis died and was buried. There are roughly 100 burials in the cemetery today. The War Department replaced the old and broken headstones with flat headstones in the 1920s. The flat headstones were restored in the early 2000s.
Campground 
The campground at Meriwether Lewis has 32 sites. All sites are free and available on a first-come, first-served basis. They do not offer electricity, showers, or dump stations. Drinkable water and flush toilets are available on site. 
Camping is limited to 14 consecutive days in any one campground and 30 days total 
park-wide for a calendar year.
Additional Resources 
Ambrose, Stephen E. Undaunted Courage: Meriwether Lewis, Thomas Jefferson, and the Opening of the American West. New York: Simon & Schuster, 1996. Print.
Morris, Larry E. The Fate of the Corps: What Became of the Lewis and Clark Explorers After the Expedition. New Haven: Yale University Press, 2004. Print.
Guice, John D. W., editor. By His Own Hand?: The Mysterious Death of Meriwether Lewis. Norman: University of Oklahoma Press, 2007. Print.
Moulton, Gary E., editor. The Lewis and Clark Journals: an American Epic of Discovery. Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press, 2003. Print.
Places To Visit At The Meriwether Lewis Death and Burial Site
Narrow By Location:
Narrow By Office:
Show
10
40
Loading results...
Addresses
Directions
Hours & Seasons
Amenities
Contact Information
Image Gallery
Last updated: September 15, 2022
Park footer
Contact Info
Mailing Address:
2680 Natchez Trace Parkway
Tupelo,
MS
38804
Phone:
662 680-4027
The Parkway Visitor Center near Tupelo, MS, is open 9am-4:30pm seven days a week. The visitor center is closed Thanksgiving, December 25th and January 1st.
Contact Us
Tools
FAQ
Site Index
Español
Stay Connected
