SOURCE: National Park Service, Natchez Trace Parkway, news release "Natchez Trace Parkway Hosts Meriwether Lewis Commemoration" (September 28, 2016)
URL: https://www.nps.gov/natr/learn/news/natchez-trace-parkway-hosts-meriwether-lewis-commemoration.htm
FETCHED: 2026-09-14
EXTENT READ: whole page (converted from saved HTML to text)

 
 Natchez Trace Parkway Hosts Meriwether Lewis Commemoration - Natchez Trace Parkway (U.S. National Park Service) 
Official websites use .gov
A
.gov website belongs to an official government
organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock (
Lock
Locked padlock icon
 ) or https:// means you've safely connected to
the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official,
secure websites.
Skip to global NPS navigation
Skip to this park navigation
Skip to the main content
Skip to this park information section
Skip to the footer section
National Park Service
Natchez Trace
Parkway
Search
Search
This Site
All NPS
Exiting nps.gov
Cancel
Natchez Trace
Parkway
Contact Us
Natchez Trace Parkway Hosts Meriwether Lewis Commemoration
You are viewing ARCHIVED content
This content was published online before January 20, 2025.
Please note that this content is NOT UPDATED, and links may not work. For current information, visit https://www.nps.gov/aboutus/news/index.htm.
News Release Date: September 28, 2016
Contact:
Andy Danneker, 662-680-4018 
HOHENWALD, TN - The Natchez Trace Parkway will celebrate the life and legacy of Meriwether Lewis at the Meriwether Lewis Death and Burial Site on October 8(9:00 am to 4:15 pm) and October 9(9:00 am to 2:00 pm). National Park Service staff will be on site to answer questions and present a variety of educational programs about the historic Natchez Trace and the life and legacy of Meriwether Lewis. The visitor center and museum will be open in the restored cabin with available educational materials about the Parkway and Meriwether Lewis.
Famed explorer Meriwether Lewis, then Governor of the Upper Louisiana Territory, was traveling the old Natchez Trace on his way to Washington DC from St. Louis. He died on October 11, 1809 at Grinder's Stand, an inn located on the old Natchez Trace, and was buried a few hundred yards away.
All programs are free to the public. The Meriwether Lewis Death and Burial Site is located at milepost 385.9 on the Natchez Trace Parkway near Hohenwald, Tennessee. For additional information and specific presentation times for this event, please call 1-800-305-7417.
America's federal lands and waters are living classrooms. Make learning come alive by participating in Every Kid in a Park. All current 4th graders and their families can visit national parks, monuments, seashores and more for free. Learn more at www.everykidinapark.gov.
www.nps.gov
About the National Park Service. More than 20,000 National Park Service employees care for America's 413 national parks and work with communities across the nation to help preserve local history and create close-to-home recreational opportunities. Learn more at www.nps.gov. 
RSS Feed | What is RSS?
Last updated: September 28, 2016
Park footer
Contact Info
Mailing Address:
2680 Natchez Trace Parkway
Tupelo,
MS
38804
Phone:
662 680-4027
The Parkway Visitor Center near Tupelo, MS, is open 9am-4:30pm seven days a week. The visitor center is closed Thanksgiving, December 25th and January 1st.
Contact Us
Tools
FAQ
Site Index
Español
Stay Connected
