SOURCE: Olin D. Wheeler, The Trail of Lewis and Clark, 1804-1904 (New York: G. P. Putnam's Sons, 1904), vol. 1, chapter on the death of Lewis (OCR text; djvu lines 3632-4572 of the archive.org text)
URL: https://archive.org/download/trailoflewisclar01whee/trailoflewisclar01whee_djvu.txt
FETCHED: 2026-09-14
EXTENT READ: this chapter (see notes)

“rough  it”  to  the  utmost  extent,  were  the  only  sort  of 
men  that  could  be  considered  for  a  moment  for  such  work 
as  was  in  prospect. 

The  expedition  consisted  of  forty-five  men  in  all,  includ¬ 
ing  Lewis  and  Clark  themselves,  when  the  boats  cast  off 
from  the  shore  above  St.  Louis,  on  May  14,  1804.  Some 
were  regular  soldiers  of  the  United  States  army,  selected  for 
this  exploration  from  volunteers  at  various  army  posts 
throughout  the  Western  country.  The  others,  save  one. 


54 


55 


Organization  and  Personnel 

were  carefully  picked  frontiersmen  valuable  for  special 
qualities,  and  all  these  were  regularly  enlisted  as  privates, 
thus  giving  the  enterprise  a  military  form  and  better  ensur¬ 
ing  discipline  and  subordination. 

The  original  plan,  to  leave  St.  Louis  in  the  fall  of  1803, 
had  been  thwarted. 

Their  original  intention  was  to  pass  the  winter  at  La  Char- 
ette,  the  highest  settlement  on  the  Missouri.  But  the  Spanish 
commandant  of  the  province,  not  having  received  an  official 
account  of  its  transfer  to  the  United  States,  was  obliged  by  the 
general  policy  of  his  Government  to  prevent  strangers  from 
passing  through  the  Spanish  territory.  They  therefore  en¬ 
camped  at  the  mouth  of  Wood  River,  on  the  eastern  side  of  the 
Mississippi,  out  of  his  jurisdiction,  where  they  passed  the  winter 
in  disciplining  the  men,  and  making  the  necessary  preparations 
for  setting  out  early  in  the  Spring,  before  which  the  cession  [of 
Louisiana]  was  officially  announced. 

That  this  delay,  undoubtedly  trying  to  all  concerned, 
was,  after  all,  a  benefit  aside  from  the  discipline  enforced,  is, 
I  think,  demonstrable.  One  who  has  had  even  a  limited  ex¬ 
perience  in  the  free-and-easy,  open  life  of  the  plains  and 
mountains,  knows  that  nowhere  else  will  the  selfish,  ugly, 
lazy,  mean  characteristics  of  men  more  quickly  show 
themselves  than  there.  The  opposite  of  this  proposition  is 
also  true,  but  possibly  in  less  degree.  The  winter  spent  at 
the  mouth  of  the  Wood  River,  therefore,  provided  an  oppor¬ 
tunity  for  thorough  acquaintanceship  among  the  men  and 
a  consequent  adjustment  to  each  other’s  peculiarities,  and 
it  also  afforded  the  leaders  time  to  study  their  men,  mark 
well  the  excellencies  and  failings  of  each,  and  learn  upon 
whom  to  call  for  special  service  in  times  of  emergency  and 
danger.  All  this  was  most  important  to  be  learned,  as  far 
as  it  could  be,  before  the  active,  arduous,  racking,  patience- 
trying  work  itself  really  began. 

The  narrative  continues : 

The  party  consisted  [besides  Lewis  and  Clark]  of  nine  young 


56  The  Trail  of  Lewis  and  Clark 


men  from  Kentucky;  fourteen  soldiers  of  the  United  States 
Army,  who  had  volunteered  their  services;  two  French  water¬ 
men  [Cruzatte  and  Labiche];  an  interpreter  and  hunter  [Drew- 
yer];  and  a  black  servant  [York]  belonging  to  Captain  Clark. 
All  these,  except  the  last,  were  enlisted  to  serve  as  privates  dur¬ 
ing  the  expedition,  and  three  sergeants  [Floyd,  Pryor,  Ordway, 
were]  appointed  from  amongst  them  by  the  captains.  In  addi¬ 
tion  to  these  [there]  were  engaged  a  corporal  and  six  soldiers,  and 
nine  watermen,  to  accompany  the  expedition  as  far  as  the  Man- 
dan  nation,  in  order  to  assist  in  carrying  the  stores,  or  repelling 
an  attack,  which  was  most  to  be  apprehended  between  Wood 
River  and  that  tribe. 

In  the  Life  and  Times  of  Patrick  Gass,  J.  G.  Jacob  states, 
upon  authority  of  Gass,  that  several  men  who  volunteered 
for  this  exploration  relinquished  the  honor  and  privilege 
when  the  time  came  to  start — in  common  phrase,  they 
“backed  out.” 

It  is  to  be  regretted  that  the  members  of  this  expedition, 
from  the  leaders  down,  could  not  have  foreseen  more  ac¬ 
curately  the  interest  which  posterity  would  attach  to  their 
work,  and  have  been,  in  consequence,  more  precise  and 
particular,  in  many  ways,  in  the  chronicles  of  the  explora¬ 
tion.  The  ambiguities  of  expression,  the  blundering,  laugh¬ 
able  orthography,  and  the  almost  utter  disregard,  now  and 
again,  of  the  rules  of  syntax  and  punctuation,  while  they 
were  to  be  expected,  are  wofully  unfortunate  to  say  the 
least,  and  they  have  caused  the  editorial  and  interpretative 
work  of  Biddle,  Allen,  Coues,  and  Thwaites  to  be  of  the 
monumental  kind. 

Of  the  three  accounts  of  the  expedition  which  we  have, — 
those  of  Lewis  and  Clark,  Gass,  and  Floyd, — no  two  agree, 
except  after  studied  analysis,  as  to  the  number  and  occupa¬ 
tions  of  the  members  of  the  expedition.  They  have  all  been 
construed  to  reach  the  same  conclusion  as  to  numbers,  by 
methods  somewhat  forced,  in  some  instances,  yet  undoubt¬ 
edly  correct. 


Organization  and  Personnel  57 

Of  these  forty-five  men,  sixteen  were  to  return  from  the 
Mandan  towns  in  the  spring  of  1805,  leaving  twenty-nine 
men  in  the  permanent  party,  and  of  these  sixteen,  the  name 
of  only  one  is  known, — that  of  Warfington,  the  corporal 
in  command. 

So  far  as  the  writer  knows  the  records,  they  show  that 
not  one  of  the  Lewis  and  Clark  exploration  was  a  married 
man  at  the  time  of  the  expedition,  except  Chaboneau.  Old 
Dorion,  who  was  with  the  party  for  a  time,  was  married, 
and  probably  some  of  the  watermen  who  returned  from 
Fort  Mandan  to  St.  Louis  were,  but  appearances  indicate 
that  it  was  intended  to  engage  none  but  unmarried  men  for 
the  enterprise,  and  this  was  undoubtedly  a  wise  course  of 
action.  Chaboneau  had  three  wives,  one  of  whom  ac¬ 
companied  the  expedition. 

There  proved  to  be  comparatively  few  lapses  from  duty, 
and  the  chronicles  and  results  of  the  exploration  show  that 
the  members  were  persons  of  manly,  rugged  character, 
generally — yes,  even  the  squaw  who  subsequently  joined 
them — and  equal  to  situations  of  delicacy  and  responsi¬ 
bility.  A  perusal  of  the  original  journals  shows  that  there 
were  more  breaches  of  discipline  than  the  published  ac¬ 
counts  indicate. 

The  successful  accomplishment  of  any  great  deed,  act,  or 
enterprise  in  which  the  public  or  world  takes  an  interest 
attracts  microscopic  attention  to  the  actor  or  doers.  We 
see  this  in  all  walks  of  life,  but  especially,  perhaps,  where 
physical  strength,  endurance,  or  prowess  comes  into  play 
joined  to  mental  alertness  and  ability.  The  action  then 
acquires  a  more  dramatic  flavor. 

There  are  two  kinds  of  bravery  or  heroism — one  where, 
under  the  stimulus  of  great  and  temporary  excitement,  the 
mind,  often  in  an  almost  mechanical,  unreasoning  way,  spurs 
the  individual  on  to  really  superb  but  unconscious  action ; — 


58 


The  Trail  of  Lewis  and  Clark 


the  other  where,  after  careful,  deliberate  reflection  and 
weighing  of  dangers  and  obstacles,  the  person  knowingly 
goes  ahead  coolly  taking  all  risks  and  chances  of  life.  The 
one  is  most  often,  perhaps,  seen  on  the  battle-field,  the  other, 
where  men  like  Lewis  and  Clark  and  Livingston  deliberately 
plunge  into  unknown  lands  and  dangers,  or  where  the  noble 
physician,  with  Christ’s  love  for  mankind  alive  within  him, 
calmly  goes  into  the  plague-stricken  region  to  aid  dying 
humanity.  The  one  is  a  more  or  less  superficial  and  physical 
heroism ;  the  other  a  deeper  and  purer,  a  moral  heroism. 

The  heroism  of  Lewis  and  Clark  and  their  men  was  of 
the  moral  sort,  and  the  world’s  interest  in  them,  while,  per¬ 
haps,  lively  enough  at  the  time,  has  been  necessarily,  I 
think,  a  rather  latent  and  growing  one,  and  is  now  approach¬ 
ing  the  ripening  stage. 

It  is  doubtful  whether,  a  century  ago,  except  to  a  very 
few  far-sighted  individuals,  the  real  importance  and  value 
of  that  g?eat  exploration  were  even  half  apparent  to  the 
world.  It  has  required  a  hundred  years  of  progress  and 
perspective  to  perceive  what,  coupled  with  the  Louisiana 
Purchase  and  Gray’s  discovery  of  the  Columbia  River,  it 
really  did  mean.  No  apology  is  therefore  necessary  for 
devoting  such  attention  as  we  may  to  the  personality  of  this 
band  of  true  and  tried  adventurers. 

CAPTAIN  LEWIS 

First,  of  course,  in  referring  to  these  men,  come  the 
leaders. 

Captain  Meriwether  Lewis  was  a  Virginian  of  distin¬ 
guished  Scotch  ancestry,  bom  in  1774,  and,  therefore, 
twenty-nine  years  of  age  when  he  assumed  command  of  the 
expedition  in  1803. 

One  of  Lewis’s  uncles  married  a  sister  of  George  Wash¬ 
ington,  and  two  others  served  their  country  in  the  Revol- 


Organization  and  Personnel  59 

ution  and  against  the  Indians.  His  father’s  family  and 
also  his  mother’s — the  Meriwethers — were  among  the  best 
families  of  Virginia.  His  father  died  while  Meriwether  was 
quite  young,  leaving  him,  and  also  his  brother,  a  reasonable 
competency. 


Meriwether  Lewis,  from  an  Original  Portrait  Belonging  to  the 
Meriwether  Family. 

Property  of  the  Historical  Society  of  Tennessee,  Nashville. 

Between  the  ages  of  thirteen  and  eighteen  years  he  was 
attending  a  Latin  school;  at  twenty  he  joined  the  militia 
and  was  soon  transferred  to  the  regular  army;  at  twenty- 
three  he  became  a  captain,  and  in  i8oi,  at  twenty-seven 
years  of  age,  he  became  President  Jefferson’s  private 


6o 


The  Trail  of  Lewis  and  Clark 


secretary,  v/hich  post  he  relinquished  to  assume  command 
of  the  expedition. 

The  early  life  of  Lewis  was  of  a  nature  to  prepare  him  in 
several  ways  for  the  successful  direction  of  such  an  ex¬ 
ploration. 

Jefferson,  in  his  Memoir,  mentions  the  fact  of  his  going 
out  alone,  when  only  eight  years  of  age,  in  the  dead  of  night 
to  hunt  opossums  and  raccoons  with  his  dogs,  as  an  evidence 
of  “enterprise,  boldness,  and  discretion”  on  his  part. 

Mrs.  Caroline  D.  M.  Goodlett  of  Nashville,  Tenn.,  a  de¬ 
scendant  of  Captain  Lewis’s  family,  in  an  interesting  letter 
to  me  regarding  Lewis’s  ancestry  and  life,  mentions  another 
incident  that  shows  his  quick  intuition  of  the  right  thing  to 
do  in  an  emergency: 

I  will  relate  a  little  incident  that  happened  when  he  was  nine 
years  old:  The  settlement  near  Charlottesville,  Va.,  was  expect¬ 
ing  to  be  attacked  by  some  hostile  Indians,  and  all  the  able- 
bodied  men  had  gone  in  search  of  them,  and  the  women  and  old 
men  and  children,  afraid  to  stay  in  their  houses,  went  down  into 
a  deep  wood  camp.  While  sitting  around  the  fire  an  Indian 
arrow  was  shot  into  the  camp;  in  an  instant  all  was  confusion, 
women  screamed  and  clasped  their  children  in  their  arms,  for 
they  knew  that  the  Indians  could  see  them  and  the  darkness  hid 
the  Indians.  Meriwether  Lewis,  with  the  foresight  of  an  ex¬ 
perienced  Indian  fighter,  jerked  up  a  bucket  of  water  and  put 
out  the  fire,  and  then  they  fired  off  their  guns  and  drove  the 
Indians  off. 

That  this  incident  occurred  seems  well  authenticated. 
Gilmer,  however,  in  his  First  Settlers  of  Upper  Georgia,  places 
the  scene  in  Georgia  and  the  time  between  1790-95,  which 
would  make  Lewis  much  older  and  lessen  the  brilliancy  of 
the  exploit. 

Lewis,  in  order  to  perfect  himself  in  the  details  of  certain 
scientific  work  necessary  in  connection  with  the  exploration, 
repaired  to  Philadelphia  and  received  scientific  instruction, 
particularly  in  astronomical  work. 


Organization  and  Personnel 


6i 


He  left  Washington  July  5, 1803,  Harper’s  Ferry  July  8th, 
and  Pittsburg  August  31st.  At  Pittsburg  he  experienced 
exasperating  delay  in  the  completion  of  a  boat  in  which  he 
was  to  navigate  the  Ohio  River  to  Louisville.  He  passed 
Wheeling  September  9th,  was  at  Cincinnati  from  September 
28th  to  October  3d,  and  reached  St.  Louis  in  December. 
He  went  overland  from  Louisville  to  St.  Louis  via  Kaskaskia, 
while  Clark  went  down  the  Ohio  with  his  men  and  the  boats. 

That  Lewis’s  journey  down  the  Ohio  was  not  altogether  a 
picnic  is  shown  by  the  fact  that  below  Wheeling  and  at 
Marietta  he  was  obliged  to  use  oxen  to  drag  his  boat  over 
the  shoals.  He  says  of  these  horned  assistants:  “I  find 
them  the  most  efficient  sailors  in  the  present  state  of  navi¬ 
gation  of  the  rivers,  although  they  may  be  considered  rather 
clumsy.” 

Lewis  was  present  at  the  formal  transfer  of  Upper 
Louisiana  from  the  Spanish  to  the  French,  at  St.  Louis, 
March  9th,  and  from  the  French  to  the  United  States, 
March  10,  1804,  and  so  probably  were  Clark  and  the  others 
of  the  party. 

Soon  after  the  return  of  the  Lewis  and  Clark  expedition  in 
1806,  Lewis  was  made  Governor  of  Louisiana  Territory, — 
March  3,  1807, — succeeding  General  and  Governor  James 
Wilkinson,  “that  faithless  servant  of  his  country,”  as  Capt. 
H.  M.  Chittenden  well  characterizes  him,  and  this  position 
he  held  at  the  time  of  his  death. 

The  most  interesting  question  in  connection  with  Lewis 
now  is  regarding  his  death.  Did  he  commit  suicide,  or  was 
he  murdered? 

I  extract  from  Jefferson’s  memoir  of  Captain  Lewis  that 
which  bears  upon  this  subject: 

Governor  Lewis  had,  from  early  life,  been  subject  to  hypo¬ 
chondriac  affections.  It  was  a  constitutional  disposition  in  all 
the  nearer  branches  of  the  family  of  his  name,  and  was  more 


62 


The  Trail  of  Lewis  and  Clark 


immediately  inherited  by  him  from  his  father.  They  had  not, 
however,  been  so  strong  as  to  give  uneasiness  to  his  family. 
While  he  lived  with  me  in  Washington,  I  observed  at  times  sen¬ 
sible  depressions  of  mind;  but,  knowdng  their  constitutional 
source,  I  estimated  their  course  by  what  I  had  seen  in  the  family. 
During  his  W^estern  expedition  the  constant  exertion  which  that 
required  of  all  the  faculties  of  body  and  mind  suspended  these 
distressing  affections;  but,  after  his  establishment  at  St.  Louis 
in  sedentary  occupations,  they  returned  upon  him  with  re¬ 
doubled  vigour,  and  began  seriously  to  alarm  his  friends.  He 
was  in  a  paroxysm  of  one  of  these  when  his  affairs  rendered  it 
necessary  for  him  to  go  to  Washington.  He  proceeded  to  the 
Chickasaw  Bluffs,  where  he  arrived  on  the  sixteenth  of  Septem¬ 
ber,  1809,  with  a  view  of  continuing  his  journey  thence  by  water. 
Mr.  Neely,  agent  of  the  United  States  with  the  Chickasaw 
Indians,  arriving  there  two  days  after,  found'  him  extremely 
indisposed,  and  betraying  at  times  some  symptoms  of  a  derange¬ 
ment  of  mind.  The  rumours  of  a  war  with  England,  and  appre¬ 
hensions  that  he  might  lose  the  papers  he  was  bringing  on, 
among  which  were  the  vouchers  of  his  public  accounts,  and  the 
journals  and  papers  of  his  W^estern  expedition,  induced  him  here 
to  change  his  mind,  and  to  take  his  course  by  land  through  the 
Chickasaw  country.  Although  he  appeared  somewhat  relieved, 
Mr.  Neely  kindly  determined  to  accompany  and  watch  over  him. 
L^nfortunately,  at  their  encampment,  after  having  passed  the 
Tennessee  one  day’s  journey,  they  lost  two  horses,  which  obliging 
Mr.  Neely  to  halt  for  their  recovery,  the  governor  proceeded, 
under  a  promise  to  wait  for  him  at  the  house  of  the  first  white 
inhabitant  on  his  road.  He  stopped  at  the  house  of  a  Mr. 
Grinder  [or  Griner],  who  not  being  at  home,  his  wife,  alarmed 
at  the  symptoms  of  derangement  she  discovered,  gave  him  up 
the  house,  and  retired  to  rest  herself  in  an  out -house,  the  gover¬ 
nor’s  and  Neely’s  servants  lodging  in  another.  About  three 
o’clock  in  the  night  he  did  the  deed  which  plunged  his  friends 
into  affliction,  and  deprived  his  country  of  one  of  her  most 
valued  citizens,  whose  valour  and  intelligence  would  have  been 
now  employed  in  avenging  the  wrongs  of  his  country,  and  in 
emulating  by  land  the  splendid  deeds  which  have  honoured  her 
arm_s  on  the  ocean.  It  lost,  too,  to  the  nation  the  benefit  of  re¬ 
ceiving  from  his  own  hand  the  narrative  now  offered  them  of  his 
sufferings  and  successes,  in  endeavouring  to  extend  for  them  the 
boundaries  of  science,  and  to  present  to  their  knowledge  that 
vast  and  fertile  country  which  their  sons  are  destined  to  fill  with 
arts,  with  science,  with  freedom  and  happiness. 


Organization  and  Personnel 


63 


To  this  melancholy  close  of  the  life  of  one  whom  posterity 
will  declare  not  to  have  lived  in  vain,  I  have  only  to  add  that 
all  the  facts  I  have  stated  are  either  known  to  myself  or  com¬ 
municated  by  his  family  or  others,  for  whose  truth  I  have  no 
hesitation  to  make  myself  responsible;  and  I  conclude  with 
tendering  you  the  assurances  of  my  respect  and  consideration. 

Th.  Jefferson. 

Mr.  Paul  Allen,  Philadelphia. 

Dr.  Coues  discusses  this  matter  very  fully,  giving,  besides 
Jefferson’s  version,  additional  evidence  upon  both  sides  of 


Moccasins  and  Shoe-buckle  Used  by  Captain  Lewis. 


it,  and  he  deeides,  very  sensibly,  that  unless  a  more  conclu¬ 
sive  case  ean  be  made  out,  Lewis’s  name  should  no  longer 
rest  under  the  eloud  that  the  suieide  theory  had  cast  upon  it. 

The  old  military  road  known  as  the  “Natehez  Trace,” 
whieh  had  been,  originally,  an  Indian  trail  and  was,  in  1801, 
expanded  into  a  public  road  by  the  United  States,  extended 
from  Nashville,  Tenn.,  to  Natefiez,  Miss.,  and  beyond,  and 
was  one  link  in  a  system  of  “traees,”  or  primeval  roads, 
from  the  Atlantic  coast  settlements  to  the  interior  of  the 


64 


The  Trail  of  Lewis  and  Clark 


West  and  South,  in  the  earlier  settlement  of  the  country. 
The  taverns  or  stations  on  those  primitive  roads  were  lonely, 
rude  affairs,  and  in  many  cases  were  said  to  be  kept  by 
robbers  and  ruffians.  Such  was  the  case  with  the  Grinder 
stand,  some  seventy  odd  miles  southwest  from  Nashville, 
where  Lewis  died. 

Besides  Jefferson’s  statement,  the  act  of  suicide  is  based 
upon  a  story  told  in  i8io  by  Alexander  Wilson,  the  orni¬ 
thologist,  which  is  an  improbable  tale  told  to  him  by  Mrs. 
Grinder,  wife  of  the  tavern-keeper.  Coues  gives  the  letter 
as  dated  at  Natchez,  Mississippi  Territory,  May  28,  1811. 
In  George  Ord’s  “Life  of  Wilson,’’  in  American  Ornithology, 
vol.  i.,  now  before  me,  I  find  the  letter,  dated  Natchez, 
May  18,  1810,  addressed  to  Alexander  Lawson,  and  the  part 
relating  to  Lewis  is  as  follows : 


Next  morning  (Sunday)  I  rode  six  miles  to  a  man’s,  of  the 
name  of  Grinder,  where  our  poor  friend  Lewis  perished.  In  the 
same  room  where  he  expired,  I  took  down  from  Mrs.  Grinder  the 
particulars  of  that  melancholy  event,  which  affected  me  ex¬ 
tremely.  This  house  or  cabin  is  seventy-two  miles  from  Nash¬ 
ville,  and  is  the  last  white  man’s  as  you  enter  the  Indian  country. 
Governor  Lewis,  she  said,  came  hither  about  sunset,  alone,  and 
inquired  if  he  could  stay  for  the  night;  and,  alighting,  brought 
his  saddle  into  the  house.  He  was  dressed  in  a  loose  gown,  white, 
striped  with  blue.  On  being  asked  if  he  came  alone,  he  replied 
that  there  were  two  servants  behind,  who  would  soon  be  up. 
He  called  for  some  spirits,  and  drank  a  very  little.  When  the 
servants  arrived,  one  of  whom  was  a  negro,  he  inquired  for  his 
powder,  saying  he  was  sure  he  had  some  powder  in  a  canister. 
The  servant  gave  no  distinct  reply,  and  Lewis,  in  the  mean¬ 
while,  walked  backwards  and  forwards  before  the  door,  talking 
to  himself.  Sometimes,  she  said,  he  would  seem  as  if  he  were 
walking  up  to  her;  and  would  suddenly  wheel  round,  and  walk 
back  as  fast  as  he  could.  Supper  being  ready  he  sat  down,  but 
had  eaten  only  a  few  mouthfuls  when  he  started  up,  speaking 
to  himself  in  a  violent  manner.  At  these  times,  she  says,  she 
observed  his  face  to  flush  as  if  it  had  come  on  him  in  a  fit.  He 
lighted  his  pipe,  and  drawing  a  chair  to  the  door  sat  down,  saying 


65 


Organization  and  Personnel 

to  Mrs.  Grinder,  in  a  kind  tone  of  voice,  “Madam,  this  is  a  very 
pleasant  evening.”  He  smoked  for  some  time,  but  quitted  his 
seat  and  traversed  the  yard  as  before.  He  again  sat  down  to 
his  pipe,  seemed  again  composed,  and  casting  his  eyes  wistfully 
towards  the  west,  observed  what  a  sweet  evening  it  was.  Mrs. 
Grinder  was  preparing  a  bed  for  him;  but  he  said  he  would 
sleep  on  the  floor,  and  desired  the  servant  to  bring  the  bear 
skins  and  buffalo  robe,  which  were  immediately  spread  out  for 
him;  and  it  being  now  dusk  the  woman  went  off  to  the  kitchen, 
and  the  two  men  to  the  barn,  which  stands  about  two  hundred 
yards  off.  The  kitchen  is  only  a  few  paces  from  the  room  where 
Lewis  was,  and  the  woman  being  considerably  alarmed  by  the 
behaviour  of  her  guest  could  not  sleep,  but  listened  to  him  walk¬ 
ing  backwards  and  forwards,  she  thinks,  for  several  hours,  and 
talking  aloud,  as  she  said,  “like  a  lawyer.”  She  then  heard  the 
report  of  a  pistol,  and  something  fall  heavily  to  the  floor,  and 
the  words  ‘  ‘  O  Lord!  ’  ’  Immediately  afterwards  she  heard  another 
pistol,  and  in  a  few  minutes  she  heard  him  at  her  door  calling 
out,  “0  madam!  give  me  some  water,  and  heal  my  wounds L  The 
logs  being  open,  and  unplastered,  she  saw  him  stagger  back  and 
fall  against  a  stump  that  stands  between  the  kitchen  and  room. 
He  crawled  for  some  distance,  and  raised  himself  by  the  side  of 
a  tree,  where  he  sat  about  a  minute.  He  once  more  got  to  the 
room;  afterwards  he  came  to  the  kitchen  door,  but  did  not  speak; 
she  then  heard  him  scraping  the  bucket  with  a  gourd  for  water ; 
but  it  appears  that  this  cooling  element  was  denied  the  dying 
man!  As  soon  as  day  broke  and  not  before,  the  terror  of  the 
woman  having  permitted  him  to  remain  for  two  hours  in  this 
most  deplorable  situation,  she  sent  two  of  her  children  to  the 
barn,  her  husband  not  being  at  home,  to  bring  the  servants; 
and  on  going  in  they  found  him  lying  on  the  bed ;  he  uncovered 
his  side,  and  showed  them  where  the  bullet  had  entered;  a  piece 
of  the  forehead  was  blown  off,  and  had  exposed  the  brains, 
without  having  bled  much.  He  begged  they  would  take  his 
rifle  and  blow  out  his  brains,  and  he  would  give  them  all  the 
money  he  had  in  his  trunk.  He  often  said,  “I  am  no  coward; 
but  I  am  so  strong,  so  hard  to  die."  He  begged  the  servant  not 
to  be  afraid  of  him,  for  that  he  would  not  hurt  him.  He  ex¬ 
pired  in  about  two  hours,  or  just  as  the  sun  rose  above  the  trees. 
He  lies  buried  close  by  the  common  path,  with  a  few  loose  rails 
thrown  over  his  grave.  I  gave  Grinder  money  to  put  a  post 
fence  around  it,  to  shelter  it  from  the  hogs,  and  from  the  wolves; 
and  he  gave  me  his  written  promise  he  would  do  it.  I  left  this 
place  in  a  very  melancholy  mood,  which  was  not  much  allayed 

VOL.  I, — 5. 


66 


The  Trail  of  Lewis  and  Clark 


by  the  prospect  of  the  gloomy  and  savage  wilderness  which  I 
was  just  entering  alone. 

Those  who  are  inclined  to  accept  Wilson’s  story,  aside 
from  Mrs.  Grinder’s  relation  to  it,  should  first  read  Audu¬ 
bon’s  narration  of  his  experience  with  Wilson  in  i8io,  as 
given  on  pages  30-33  of  the  Life  of  Audubon,  edited  by  his 
widow  and  published  by  G.  P.  Putnam’s  Sons,  New  York, 
in  order  to  judge  the  better  as  to  its  entire  reliability. 

The  various  stories  of  this  sad  event  are,  naturally 
enough,  widely  discrepant  in  detail  and  conclusive  of  noth¬ 
ing.  In  all  of  them,  Neely;  the  guardian,  is  absent  hunting 
horses  at  the  supreme  moment  and  the  so-called  guardian¬ 
ship  proves  a  farce. 

Although  Jefferson  does  not  so  state,  it  is  understood 
that  Lewis  had  a  misunderstanding  with  the  Government 
about  his  accounts,  and  this  it  is  stated  is  what  preyed  upon 
his  sensitive  nature  and  mind  and  finally  forced  him  to  self- 
destruction. 

It  is  a  matter  for  regret  that  Jefferson  did  not  par¬ 
ticularize  more  as  to  his  sources  of  information  regarding 
Lewis’s  death  and  the  precise  reasons  for  his  conclusion, 
for  there  is  no  doubt  that  the  weight  of  his  name  alone 
has  given  the  suicide  theory  a  force  it  otherwise  would  not 
possess. 

Mrs.  Goodlett  expresses  the  belief  of  the  family,  as 
follows : 

Of  course  it  will  ever  be  shrouded  in  mystery,  but  my  father, 
Mr.  Charles  Meriwether,  visited  his  aunt,  Meriwether  Lewis’s 
mother,  about  1820.  She  was  then  eighty  years  old,  but  re¬ 
markably  vigorous  in  mind  and  body,  rode  around  the  country 
on  horseback  like  a  girl,  my  father  said,  and  was  fond  of  talking 
of  her  son.  She  said  his  letters,  written  to  her  before  starting  on 
his  trip  home  were  full  of  love  and  affection,  and  so  hopeful  of 
a  good  time  with  his  old  friends,  that  she  never  entertained  the 
idea  for  a  moment  that  he  had  committed  suicide.  The  theory 


67 


Organization  and  Personnel 

that  the  family  have  ever  advanced  is  that  he  was  murdered  by 
his  Spanish  servant  who  was  traveling  with  him  on  horseback, 
to  take  charge  of  his  baggage  and  to  care  for  his  horses.  We 
suppose  that  traveling  together  for  a  long  distance,  it  is  probable 
that  Meriwether  Lewis,  being  of  a  social  and  confiding  nature, 
had  spoken  to  the  Spaniard  of  the  valuable  papers  and  maps  he 
was  carrying  to  Virginia; — and  knowing  that  the  Governor  of 
the  State  would  not  travel  without  plenty  of  money,  that  the 
avaricious  and  treacherous  nature  of  the  servant  got  possession 
of  him  and  he  determined  to  possess  himself  of  what  valuables 
Captain  Lewis  had.  The  servant  was  never  afterwards  heard 
from,  nor  were  the  papers. 

Why  should  a  man  in  the  zenith  of  his  glory,  with  everything 
to  live  for,  looking  forward  to  a  visit  to  his  beloved  mother, 
sure  of  a  warm  welcome  from  his  patron  and  dear  friend,  the 
President,  and  of  the  grateful  appreciation  of  his  countrymen, 
kill  himself  if  he  was  sane?  His  family  can  attest  to  the  fact 
that  there  was  no  insanity  in  his  branch  of  the  family. 


R.  T.  Quarles  of  Nashville,  Tenn.,  corresponding  secre¬ 
tary  of  the  Tennessee  Historical  Society,  and  also  a  de¬ 
scendant  of  the  Lewis  family,  corroborates  Mrs.  Goodlett’s 
statement  that  the  family  belief  is  that  Lewis  was  murdered 
by  his  body  servant,  stating  that  not  only  did  the  Captain 
have  in  his  possession  quite  a  sum  of  money,  but  also  family 
jewels  of  far  greater  value. 

Mrs.  Goodlett  is,  without  doubt,  I  think,  in  error  as  to 
the  servant  and  papers.  In  Jefferson’s  Complete  Works p 
there  is  a  letter  from  Jefferson  to  the  President  of  the  United 
States  dated  Monticello,  November  26,  1809.  In  this  he 
refers  to  two  trunks  that  “Maj.  Neely,”  the  Indian  agent, 
has  and  to  two  more  in  care  of  Captain  Russel,  at  Chickasaw 
Bluffs,  belonging  to  Lewis.  The  first  two  contained  “  public 
vouchers,  manuscripts  of  his  Western  journey  and  private 
papers”  ;  the  others,  Pernier,  Lewis’s  servant,  said  contained 
Lewis’s  private  property.  These  came  into  Jefferson’s 


^  Vol.  V.,  p.  480. 


68 


The  Trail  of  Lewis  and  Clark 


possession.  Pernier  said  that  Lewis  owed  him  $240  for  un¬ 
paid  wages. 

Correspondence  with  B.  R.  A.  Scott  of  Galveston,  Texas, 
and  his  wife,  and  with  Mrs.  S.  E.  Shelton  of  Waco,  Texas, 
has  developed  some  facts  of  interest.  Mrs.  Shelton  and 
Mrs.  Scott  are  both  great-nieces  of  Captain  Lewis  and  Mr. 
Scott  is  more  remotely  related  to  him.  After  referring  to 
the  family  belief  that  Lewis’s  servant  had  murdered  him 
and  disappeared  with  his  personal  effects,  Mrs.  Shelton  adds : 


After  a  lapse  of  years,  perhaps  as  many  as  thirty,  he  [the 
servant]  sent  a  trunk  of  papers  to  my  grandmother,  Mrs.  William 
H.  Moore,  nee  Mary  Garland  Marks,  a  half  sister  of  Meriwether 
Lewis.  In  this  trunk  was  a  will,  in  which  Lewis  made  her  his 
heiress  to  lands,  of  the  extent  of  which  I  am  ignorant,  but  which 
are  now  in  the  midst  of  the  city  of  St.  Louis.  Such  a  long  time 
had  elapsed  before  she  recovered  the  papers  that  the  property 
had  passed  into  other  hands  and  she  compromised  her  claim  for 
six  thousand  dollars. 

The  late  Chief  Justice  Moore  of  Texas,  son  of  the  Mrs. 
William  Moore  mentioned  by  Mrs.  Shelton,  informed  Mr. 
Scott  that  his  father,  William  Moore,  had  at  one  time,  on 
the  Mississippi  River,  recognized  some  personal  property  of 
Governor  Lewis,  a  gold  watch  as  he  recalls  it,  in  the  pos¬ 
session  of  a  man  whom  he  supposed  to  be  the  Spanish  servant 
who  had  travelled  with  Lewis,  and  that  he  secured  the  watch 
at  once  and  Mr.  Scott  thinks  that  branch  of  the  family  still 
retains  it. 

Mrs.  H.  M.  Conklin  of  Corpus  Christi,  Texas,  and  a 
great-niece  of  Captain  Lewis,  writes  me  that  “the  gun  Uncle 
Meriwether  used  in  the  expedition  was  given  to  my  father, 
Col.  J.  M.  Moore.  It  was  sunk  in  a  boat  with  many  other 
relics  when  the  Federal  gunboats  attacked  this  place  in 
1862.” 

In  1843,  the  Tennessee  Legislature  formed  Lewis  County, 


Organization  and  Personnel  69 

in  Captain  Lewis’s  honor,  and,  in  1848,  it  appropriated  five 
hundred  dollars  to  ereet  a  monument  over  his  grave.  His 
remains  rest  in  the  centre  of  this  county. 

The  “Report  of  the  Lewis  Monumental  Committee”  to 
the  Tennessee  General  Assembly — 1849-50 — announcing  the 
completion  of  the  monument,  says  in  part: 

The  impression  has  long  prevailed  that  under  the  influence 
of  disease  of  body  and  mind — of  hopes  based  upon  long  and 
valuable  services — not  merely  deferred  but  wholly  disappointed 
— Governor  Lewis  perished  by  his  own  hands.  It  seems  to  be 
more  probable  that  he  died  by  the  hands  of  an  assassin. 


We  thus  have  the  opinions  of  the  Lewis  family  and  that 
of  a  committee  of  the  Tennessee  General  Assembly  directly 
opposed  to  that  of  the  President. 

On  September  6,  1891,  there  appeared  in  the  Nashville, 
Tenn.,  American,  an  article  relating  to  the  death  of  Captain 
Lewis  by  “  John  Quill,”  otherwise  James  D.  Park,  a  lawyer  of 
Franklin,  Tenn.,  much  of  which  is  reproduced  by  Dr.  Coues 
in  his  discussion  of  this  subject.  Through  the  kindness  of 
Hon.  E.  C.  Lewis  of  Nashville,  I  have  been  supplied  with 
a  reprinted  galley  proof  of  this  Park  communication,  a  copy 
of  the  American  containing  it  being  unobtainable.  The 
American  has  since  reprinted  the  article. 

Mr.  Park  seems  to  have  as  thoroughly  investigated  the 
whole  matter  as  was  then  possible  and  his  conclusion  was 
that  Lewis  had  been  murdered  and  robbed.  He  says  in  part : 

It  has  always  been  the  firm  belief  of  the  people  of  this  region 
that  Gov.  Lewis  was  murdered  and  robbed.  The  oldest  citizens 
now  living  remember  the  rumors  current  at  the  time  as  to  the 
murder,  and  it  seems  that  no  thought  of  suicide  ever  obtained 
footing  here.  The  writer  recently  had  an  interview  with  Mrs. 
Christina  B.  Anthony,  who  lives  some  two  miles  from  the  Lewis 
grave,  and  has  lived  all  her  life  of  77  years  in  the  neighborhood. 
She  says  that  old  man  Grinder  kept  a  “stand”  for  travelers 


Organization  and  Personnel  71 

on  the  Natchez  Trace.  Polly  Spencer,  whom  she  knew  well 
before  her  death  about  forty  years  ago,  was  a  hired  girl  at 
Grinder’s,  when  Gov.  Lewis  was  killed.  Polly  had  often  told 
the  circumstances  of  the  murder  so  far  as  she  personally  knew 
them. 

She  was  washing  dishes  in  the  kitchen  after  supper  with  some 
of  the  females  of  the  family  when  they  heard  a  shot  in  the  room 
where  Capt.  Lewis  was  sleeping.  All  rushed  into  the  room  and 
found  him  dead  in  his  bed.  Capt.  Lewis  being  fatigued  from  his 
journey,  had  retired  immediately  after  supper.  His  only  com¬ 
panion,  she  said,  was  a  negro  boy,  who  was  attending  to  the 
horses  in  the  barn  at  the  time.  Old  Grinder,  who  was  of  Indian 
blood,  was  at  once  suspected  of  the  murder,  ran  away,  was  cap¬ 
tured  at  Cane  Creek,  brought  back  and  tried,  but  the  proof  not 
being  positive,  he  was  released.  Only  25  cents  was  found  on 
the  person  of  Capt.  Lewis  after  he  was  shot. 

Old  Grinder  soon  afterwards  removed  to  the  western  part  of 
the  State,  and  it  was  reported  in  his  old  neighborhood  had 
bought  a  number  of  slaves  and  a  farm  and  seemed  to  have  plenty 
of  money.  Before  this  he  had  always  been  quite  poor. 

Mrs.  Anthony  says  the  people  always  believed  old  Grinder 
killed  Mr.  Lewis  and  got  his  money.  She  had  never  heard  of  the 
theory  of  suicide  until  the  writer  mentioned  it  to  her.  Mrs. 
Anthony  was  a  young  married  woman,  boarding  with  the  father 
of  Polly  Spencer  when  Polly  told  her  these  circumstances.  Mrs. 
Anthony  thus  heard  an  ear-witness,  so  to  speak,  relate  the  story 
of  the  murder,  which  is  pretty  direct  evidence.  She  is  a  bright, 
active,  and  intelligent  old  lady,  and  has  for  many  years  kept  the 
little  hotel  at  the  hamlet  of  Newburg,  the  county  seat  of  Lewis 
County,  which  is  just  two  miles  east  of  the  monument. 

Others  living  in  Lewis  and  adjoining  counties  have  been  con¬ 
versed  with,  who  remember  the  general  belief  at  the  time,  that 
Grinder  killed  his  guest  for  the  purpose  of  robbery.  He  must 
have  observed  that  Capt.  Lewis  was  a  person  of  distinction  and 
wealth;  that  he  was  almost  alone,  and  that  he  probably  had 
money  with  him.  It  seems  incredible  that  a  young  man  of  35, 
the  Governor  of  the  vast  Territory  of  Louisiana,  then  on  the 
way  from  his  capital  to  that  of  the  nation,  where  he  knew  he 
would  be  received  with  all  the  distinction  and  consideration 
due  his  office  and  reputation,  should  take  his  own  life.  His 
whole  character  is  a  denial  of  this  theory.  He  was  too  brave 
and  conscientious  in  the  discharge  of  every  duty,  public  and 
private;  too  conspicuous  a  person  in  the  eyes  of  the  country, 
and  crowned  with  too  many  laurels,  to  cowardly  sneak  out  of 


72 


The  Trail  of  Lewis  and  Clark 


the  world  by  the  back  way,  a  self-murderer.  This  idea  was 
doubtless  invented  to  cover  up  the  double  crime  of  robbery  and 
murder  and  seems  to  have  been  the  only  version  of  his  death 
that  reached  Mr,  Jefferson  and  other  friends  in  Virginia. 

Mr.  Park’s  version  does  not  aecord  very  well  with 
Wilson’s  account  in  some  important  particulars,  which  is 
by  no  means  any  reflection  on  the  former. 

In  1899,  hoping  to  obtain  additional  matter  from  Mr. 
Park,  I  wrote  to  him  at  Franklin,  and  received  in  reply  a 
letter  from  his  father.  Dr.  J.  S.  Park,  announcing  his  son’s 
death  in  1897.  I  quote  a  sentence:  “The  further  my  son 
investigated  the  matter  the  more  certain  he  believed  that 
Lewis  was  murdered.” 

The  Army  Alagaztne,  in  1894,  reprinted  from  the  Southern 
Magazine  an  article  on  the  death  of  Captain  Lewis,  by 
Verne  S.  Pease.  It  is  opposed  to  the  idea  of  suicide,  but 
whether  based  upon  original  investigation  or  upon  Mr. 
Park’s  paper  does  not  appear.  It  is  an  extremely  readable 
paper,  but  quite  variant,  in  many  ways,  from  any  other 
discussion  of  the  event  which  I  have  seen,  and  gives  as 
facts  many  details  not  found  elsewhere. 

He  gives  old  man  Grinder  and  his  family  a  very  hard 
name ;  states  that  he  was  practically  under  the  surveillance 
of  the  whole  neighborhood;  that  “a  white  servant  girl, 
famous  for  her  fine  cooking  [presumably  Polly  Spencer],  was 
kept  on  the  place,  and  the  fame  of  the  stand  for  dinners  soon 
reached  from  one  end  of  the  trace  to  the  other”  ;  that  “the 
sudden  mysterious  disappearance  of  several  rich  planters” 
travelling  along  the  trace  in  that  locality  was  ascribed  to 
Grinder  and  his  accomplices.  He  also  stated  that  Grinder 
burned  his  house  and  fled  the  very  night  of  Lewis’s  death, 
and  that  a  coroner’s  inquest  rendered  a  verdict  of  guilty  of 
“murder  at  the  hands  of  Joshua  Grinder,”  after  listening  to 
the  testimony  of  Polly  Spencer  and  others. 


Receipt  Showing  Payment  of  a  Protested  Bill  of  Governor  Lewis's  by  General 
Wm.  Clark,  after  the  Death  of  Lewis. 


73 


74 


The  Trail  of  Lewis  and  Clark 


It  is  now,  undoubtedly,  too  late  definitely  and  absolutely 
to  decide  this  question.  The  evidence  on  both  sides,  so  far 
as  we  have  it,  is  circumstantial,  contradictory,  and  inde¬ 
terminate.  Certainly  the  preponderance  of  testimony  is 
hardly  in  favor  of  suicide.  It  seems  a  little  odd,  if  Governor 
Lewis  really  suffered  seriously  from  a  recurrence  of  his  old 
malady,  that  his  family  descendants  know  or,  at  least,  say 
nothing  of  it  and  do  not  offer  that  as  an  excuse — a  sufficient 
one  truly — for  the  supposed  act  of  suicide. 

It  seems  strange  too,  that  after  passing  through  such 
discouragements  and  obstacles  as  beset  him  on  his  explora¬ 
tion,  when  there  were  periods  during  which  one  said  to  be 
so  afflicted  might  well  have  become  disheartened  and  done 
a  rash  act,  Lewis  succumbed  to  a  supposed  reappearance  of 
a  distressing  malady  when  scarcely  yet  in  the  prime  of  life 
and  when  life  held  so  much  for  him.  It  does  not  seem 
probable,  but  it  may  have  been  possible. 

I  cannot,  however,  but  believe  that  time  and  the  name 
of  Jefferson  have  given  a  fictitious  weight  to  the  theory  of 
suicide,  and  that  now,  considering  the  uncertain  nature  of 
the  evidence,  the  time  has  come  to  give  Governor  Lewis  the 
full  and  unreserved  benefit  of  the  doubt  and  relieve  his  name 
and  fame  of  the  imputation  heretofore  resting  upon  it. 

The  Lewis  monument  is  made  of  Tennessee  marble,  is 
twenty  and  one  half  feet  in  height,  and  the  broken  column 
is  two  and  one  half  feet  in  diameter  at  the  base. 

There  are  four  different  and  appropriate  inscriptions  on 
the  plinth,  one  on  each  side,  which  I  reproduce  exactly  as 
given  in  Mr.  Park’s  article,  as  shown  by  the  galley  proof : 

{West  Face) 

MERIWETHER  LEWIS 
Born  near  Charlottesville,  Va.,  Aug.  i8, 

1774,  died  Oct.  ii,  1809,  aged  35  years. 


Organization  and  Personnel  75 

{South  Face) 

An  officer  of  the  Regular  Army.  Com¬ 
mander  of  the  expedition  to  the  Oregon 
in  1803-1806.  Governor  of  the  Terri¬ 
tory  of  Louisiana.  His  melan¬ 
choly  death  occurred  where 
this  monument  now 
stands,  and  under 
which  rest  his  mor¬ 
tal  remains. 

{East  Face) 

In  the  language  of  Jefferson:  “His  cour¬ 
age  was  undaunted.  His  firmness  and 
perseverance  yielded  to  nothing  but 
impossibilities.  A  rigid  disciplinar¬ 
ian,  yet  tender  as  a  father  to  those 
committed  to  his  charge;  honest, 
disinterested,  liberal,  with  a 
sound  understanding,  and  a 
scrupulous  fidelity  to  truth.” 

{North  Face) 

Immaturus  obi :  sed  tu  felicior  annos 

Vive  meos.  Bona  Respublica!  vive  tuos. 

Erected  by  the  Legislature  of  Tennessee, 

A.D.  1848. 

Mr.  Park  stated  that  at  the  time  of  his  examination,  the 
monument  was  much  the  worse  for  time  and  wear.  During 
the  Civil  War,  when  iron  had  become  a  scarce  commodity 
in  the  South,  it  is  asserted  that  the  iron  about  the  monument 
was  taken  away  for  the  purpose  of  making  horseshoes. 

Mrs.  Octavia  Zollicoffer  Bond,  in  an  article  on  “Lewis’s 
Tomb”  in  the  Land  of  Sunshine  for  May,  1900,  draws  this 
striking  picture  of  the  lone,  time-worn  shaft  and  locality : 

Its  stately  column  of  limestone  looming  unexpectedly  in  the 
heart  of  a  monotonous  woodland  produces  an  effect  which  is 
thrilling.  The  tall,  sculptured  shaft,  surmounting  a  square 
pyramidal  base  of  rough  hewn  steps,  is  in  striking  contrast  to  the 


Monument  over  the  Grave  of  Captain  Lewis,  Lewis  County,  Tennessee. 
Erected  by  order  of  the  Legislature  of  Tennessee. 


76 


77 


Organization  and  Personnel 

absence  of  man’s  art  elsewhere  in  the  dense  forest  in  which  it  is 
hidden.  Towering  amid  the  gloom  of  primeval  trees,  its  lofty, 
broken  column  awakens  sensations  of  awe.  Visitors  rarely  dis¬ 
turb  the  solemn  silence  of  the  place.  The  old  road  conducting 
to  it  is  in  many  places  so  dim  as  to  be  almost  obliterated. 

Mr.  Park  concluded  his  contribution  to  the  literature  of 
this  subject  in  these  words: 

Far  out  in  the  native  forest,  on  the  highlands,  with  no  human 
dwelling  near,  it  is,  indeed,  a  lonely  spot,  where  the  wild  deer 
and  the  fox  are  still  pursued  by  the  hunter’s  hounds.  The 
existence  of  such  a  grave  and  monument  is  scarcely  known  out¬ 
side  of  the  State  and  to  but  few  anywhere  of  the  present  genera¬ 
tion.  Tennessee  would  be  loth  to  give  up  the  honored  dust 
which  has  slept  in  her  bosom  for  more  than  eighty  years;  but 
would  it  not  be  a  graceful,  if  too  long  neglected  act,  should 
Congress  authorize  the  erection  of  an  appropriate  monument  of 
bronze  at  the  national  capital  to  the  memory  of  the  accomplished 
soldier  and  scientist  who  led  the  first  expedition  through  the 
unknown  gateways  of  the  mountains  of  the  Pacific  and  the 
mystery  of  whose  untimely  end  will  perhaps  never  be  solved? 

In  these  days  of  prolific  monument  building  Mr.  Park’s 
suggestion  may  well  be  carried  out  by  Congress,  except  that 
a  monument  should  be  erected  to  commemorate  the  achieve¬ 
ments  of  both  Lewis  and  Clark  and  their  men.  To  the 