SOURCE: https://archive.org/download/archaeologicalsu0000fllg/ (djvu OCR text) — retrieved 2026-09-14
‘ 


5 i 
a Russenn Sorcer, \ \ 


nee Cort: ¥ SQuaR oe sin URAL igi BOA 
; [ SE, 43, Greranp Smet, he Wy 


nat th 


BAP TEST 
THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY 


presented by 
OVERS 12 


PHKANSAS CITY, KANSAS 


| f 


ARCHAEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF EGYPT 


Epviteo sy F, LL. GRIFFITH 


FOURTEENTH MEMOIR 


THE ROCK TOMBS 


OF 


HL AMiARNA 


Pewee Li vOMBo Om PANGHESY ANDEMERY RA LT: 


BY 


N. pe G. DAVIES 


FORTY-SEVEN PLATES 


y | 
LONDON 
SOLD AT 
Tan OFFICES OF THE EGYPT BXPLORATION FUND, 37, Great Russern Street, W.C. 
AND Pierce Burtpinc, Cortny SquaRn, Boston, Mass., U.S.A. 
anp BY KEGAN PAUL, TRENCH, TRUBNER & CO., Drypen Hovusz, 43, Gurrarp Srrenr, Sono, W. 
B. QUARITCH, 15, Piccapirry, W.; ASHER & Co., 18, Beprorp Srrezt, Covent Garpzn, W.C. 

anp HENRY FROWDE, Amen Corner, H.C. 


1905 ef 
BPCREWSE R 
LIBRARY 
CENTRAL BAPTist SEMINARY 


KAHSAS CITY 2, KANSAS 


LONDON: 
PRINTED BY GILBERT AND RIVINGTON LIMITED, 


ST. JOHN’S HOUSE, CLERKENWELL. 
U 


HGYPT EXPLORATION FUND. 


President. 
SIR JOHN EVANS, K.C.B., D.C.L., LL.D., F.R.S., V.P.S.A. 


Wice=Presidents, 


Tue Rr. Hon. Tue Hart or Cromer, G.C.B., G.C.M.G., K.C.S.1. (Egypt). 
GENERAL LoRD GRENFELL, G.C.B.,G.C.M.G. | Toe Hon. Cuas. L. Hurcuinson (U.S8.A.). 


Sir EK. Maunps-Tuompson, K.C.B., D.C.L., | Pror. G. Maspzro, D.C.L. (France). 
LL.D. Pror. Ap. Erman, Ph.D. (Germany). 


Tue Rev. Pror. A. H. Saycz, M.A., LL.D. | Jostan Munuens, Hsq. (Australia). 


thon. Treasurers. 


H. A. Grueser, Esq., F.S.A. GarpDner M. Lane, Esq. (U.S.A.). 


Don. Secretaries. 


J. 8. Corron, Esq., M.A. Aupert M. Lytucon, Esq. (U.S.A.). 


Members of Committee, 


T. H. Bayuis, Esq., M.A., K.C., V.D. | Toe Rev. W. MacGrecor, M.A. 

C. F. Moperty Bet, Esq. C. MclIuvarne, Esq. (U.S.A.). 

J. R. Carter, Esq. (U.8.A.). THe Marquess or NorrHampton, 

Somers CrarKke, Hsq., F.S.A. Francis Wm. Psrctvat, Esq., M.A., F.S.A. 


W. EH. Crum, Esq., M.A. F. G. Hinton Price, Hsq., Dim.§.A. 
Louis Dynr, Esq., M.A. (for U.S.A. Com’), | Srr Herpert THompson, Barr. 
ArtHur JoHN Evans, Esq., M.A., F.R.S. Mrs. Trrarp. 


Pror. Ernest A. Garpner, M.A. Emanuet M. Unperpown, Hsq., K.C. 
F. Lu. Grirrita, Esq., M.A., F.8.A. JouN Warp, Esq., F.S.A. 
F. G. Kenyon, Esq., M.A., Litt.D. EK. Towry Waytez, Hsq., M.A., F.S.A. 


Masor-GeneRaL Sir CHARLES W. WILsonN, 


Pror. ALEXANDER Macauister, M.D. 
KG By CMG. ERS: 


Mrs. McCuvure. 


Nise! 


CONTENTS 


~~ #@ 


PAGE 
List oF Puates : : : : ’ ? : ; : . ; p : vil 
Cuapter I, Tue Sire or tue Norruern Tomes. 
1. The Site | 
2. The smaller tombs 1 
3. The stone dwellings . 4 
4. Quarries, surface burials, &c. 4 
5. The roads 5 5 
6. The chronology of the tombs 6 
Cuapter IJ. Tue Toms or PANEHESY. 
A. Architectural Features. 
1. The Exterior . “ : : P , : : ; : : : 9 
2. The Hall . : : : ; : : : ; : ; E ‘ 9 
3. The Inner Chamber . 3 : ; ; 5 ’ ' : 4 ; 11 
4, The Shrine : ‘ : . ; ? : ; : ; : : 11 
5, The Sculpture . ; 2 : ; : F : i , : : i@ 
6. Coptic remains . ; : : , é : : ; : : é 11 
B. The Sculptured Scenes. 
1. The Entrance Portal . ; , 3 } : : ; : ; 13 
2. The Thickness of the outer Salk ; ; : : : : : : 13 
3. The Hall. Architraves and abaci_. : : : . : ; ‘ 15 
A, 7 South portal ~. ; ; ‘ : ; , ; , : 16 
5. a S. wall, W. side . ; : : : : : ; . : 16 
6. - ee sides ; : 5 , 5 d : : : fl 
i 45 K. wall =. ‘ : ; 2 ‘ : P : ; : L7 
8. : No wall; ° : : 2 ; : : ; : 19 
2; be N. portal . : : ; : ; : : : : : 19 
10. 1, W.wall «. : : : : ; : . : . 20 
11. The Thickness of the partition ean : ; ; A : : : A 28 
12. The Shrine, H. wall . ; 2 ; F : ; : a ; by 28 
C. The Religious Texts. 
1. The longer prayers . : : : : , : ° , : : 29 
2. The shorter prayers. 3 : ‘ ; : . : 2 f 30 


3. Burial petitions : : : 5 : : : . : : : 3 


vi CONTENTS. 


Cuaprer II]. Tae Toms or Muryra (II.) 


A. Architectural Features 
1. The exterior 
2. The Hall . 
3. The Inner Chambers . 
4, The Sculpture . 


B. The Sculptured Scenes. 


1. The thickness of the outer wall . 
2. The Hall, S. wall, W. side. 
x Re E. side . 


E. wall 
3 N. wall 


C. The Religious Texts. 


1. The longer prayers 
2. A shorter prayer 
3. Prayers on the architraves 


A 


INDEX 


PAGE 


XV. 
XVI. 
XVII. 
XVIII. 
XIX. 
XX. 
XXI. 
XXII. 
XXIII. 
XXIV. 
XXV. 
XXVI. 
XXVII. 
XXVIII. 
XO4B.S 
XXX. 
XXXI. 


bist OSE EATES 


WITH REFERENCES TO THE PAGES ON WHICH THEY ARE DESCRIBED 


General survey 
Tomb of Panehesy. Plan 
Sections, &c. 
Fragments ; 
Fragments (lintels, &c.) . 
Jambs of entrance door 
West thickness 
East thickness . 
S. door and ceiling vatterné : 
S. wall. W. side. Panehesy iooraiod 
is Lower registers 
ia H. side. The royal family eanine 
HE. wall. Key plate : : 
4 The palace 
is Princess and train 
2 The King and Queen 
“ The escort 
W. wall. The temple (front half) 
a (back half) 
N. wall. King and Queen worshipping 
N. door and ceiling inscriptions 
Inner thickness. Panehesy 
Shrine. Panehesy and family . 
*Tixteriors ; : 
*Smaller tombs 
*Tomb of Panehesy. N. reall 


* fs Sculptures 
Tomb of Meryra ii. Plans. 
Fragments , 


H. thickness. Hymn 
W. thickness. Hymn 


* Photographic plates, 


PAGE 

16 

. 9, 10, 11 

9; 10, 11, 19 

10, 12, 15, 16, 29, 30 
13, 15, 17, 20, 30 
12, 13 

13, 14, 15, 29, 30 

. 14, 15, 29, 30 

11, 16, 26, 29, 31 


17, 18, 19 
18 

18 

18 

18, 19 

20—23, 28 
23—26, 28 

12, 19, 26 
11, 19, 26, 30, 31, 32 
28 

28, 29 

123,585 

; 1, 2,9 

9, 10, 11, 12, 19 

11, 13, 14615, 28 
33, 34 

33, 38, 45 

34, 44, 45 

se boa SA 4aG 


viii 


PLATE 


XXXII. 
XX XIII. 
XXXIV. 


XXXYV. 


XXXVI. 
XXXVII. 


XXXVITI. 
XXXIX. 
XL. 

XLI. 
XLIL. 
XLUTL. 
XLIV. 
XLV: 
XLVI. 
XLVIL. 


LIST OF PLATES. 


S. wall. W. side. The King drinking 
H. side. Key plate . 

On the balcony . 
The bystanders . 

- Meryra welcomed home 
E. wall. Key plate ; : 
Tribute of the South 

Tribute of the East . 

cs Lower registers 

N. Wall. Meryra rewarded 

Tombs 14, 13, &c. Plans 

34, 30, 8p. Plans 

3B, 3E, 6c. Plans 

3r, 6B. Plans : ; ° 
*Tomb of Meryra ii. The hall . 


23 $2 


oh] 


‘a Sculptures . 


? 


* Photographic plates. 


PAGE 
3436 
36—38 

36, 87 
37, 39 


. 33, 87, 38, 45 


38—43 
38—40 
40, 41 
33, 41, 42 
43, 44 


? 
33—36 
87, 40, 41 


Nore —The plans of the tomb of Meryra (Plate xxviii.) and of the smaller tombs (Plates xlii., xliii., xliv.) are 
published, with a few alterations and additions, from plans drawn in 1892 by Mr. John Newberry (see Part I., p. 5). 
The plates, with the exception of Plates xxxv. and xxxvil. to xli., which are from tracings, are nearly all 
reproduced from drawings made on a scale of one quarter and checked by continual measurements from fixed 


horizontal and vertical lines. 


EEE 


ROCK TOMBS 


OF HL AMARNA. 


PART 


CHAPLER “I. 


THE SITE OF THE NORTHERN TOMBS. 


THE SITE. 


As has been said in the former volume, the 
northern group of tombs at El Amarna lies on 
the N.H. side of the desert plain (Plate i.). The 
hills here are cleft by a ravine which brings 
down the waters of the occasional torrential 
rains, formerly of enormously greater volume 
than now. The range at this point is not lofty, 
only reaching an elevation of about 280 feet 
above the level of the plain, and dipping some- 
what on both sides to the wady. It affords, as 
usual, a more or less abrupt face for the upper 
half of its height, and for the lower a steep foot- 
slope of looser rock (see photograph, Plate xxiv.). 


The rock-hewn tombs naturally lie at the meet- | 


ing of the two, a little more than half-way up 
(approximately 150 feet for No. 5). The lime- 
stone is of bad quality, and contains enormous 
fiint-like boulders, which, freed from the rocks 
by denudation, cover the level heights above, 
like fallen fruit. It is in most places very sub- 
ject to weathering, and many of the rock stelae 
have almost disappeared under this process. 
The stratification of the range has a dip 
approaching the vertical, and the weakness thus 
given to the surface of the tomb walls has caused 
much injury to the sculptures. 


Tot SMALLER TomsBs, 


Tomb 6c. The earlier tombs of the group are 
those furthest to the east. We shall begin, 
therefore, with No. 6, the tomb of Panehesy 
(No. 1 of Lepsius), leaving this and other large 
The cliff at this 
point tends to a sheer face or even overhangs, 
Near No. 6 it presents a curious appearance 
(Plate xxv.), for well above and a little to the 
left of that tomb asmall rock-chamber, provided 
with both doorway and window, has been hewn 
in the unscalable rock. As the sill is 24 feet 
even from the mounds below, it was necessary 
to lash two ladders together to effect an entrance. 
A small irregular chamber some six feet high 
was found, devoid of inscriptions or graffiti 
(Plate xliv.). There is nothing to prove that the 
excavation was made for purposes of burial, but 
this is probable, even if it be of late date. Those 
who afterwards made a dwelling-place of it cut 
avery neat and serviceable window with con- 
verging sidesand top. The need for it may have 
beeu due to a partition of the room, of which 
there are some traces. Brick houses beneath 
perhaps rendered this retreat more accessible 
than now, but it is unlikely that they reached 


tombs for separate notice. 


| to the full height, and holes which pierce the 


B 


2 THE ROCK TOMBS OF EL AMARNA. 


corners of the door-cheek indicate that the 
ascent was by a rope-ladder or some such means. 
In any case the place must have been singularly 
secure. The excavation seems to have been 
effected by cutting broad vertical grooves and 
then breaking away the intervening mass. 

6p. Another small and very similar cham- 
ber is found on the ground level a little to the 
right of No. 6. It also has a window and 
affords no proof of use as a tomb. 

6B, 64. A short distance westward are two 
other excavations, one in the cliff-face and one 
in the slope below it. The latter (6a) has been 
so much altered in later times that its original 
size and shape are quite lost. The former has 
a promising doorway, but the interior is un- 
finished. A recess in the left hand wall isa relic 
of later occupation, as also are the exceptionally 
solid and regularly built walls of piled stone 
These must have formed an excellent 
abode, as homes go in the Orient, with several 


outside. 


rooms, of which the original chamber was the 
A part of the dwel- 
ling was on an upper level of rock, in which a 
(See Plates xxv. 


inmost and most secure. 


rude stairway has been cut. 
and xlvy.). 

A considerable distance separates these from 
the next tombs to the west, Nos. 5, 4 and 3 (of 
Pentu, Meryra, and Ahmes), which follow one 
another at some interval and without any 
Beyond them, 
where the cliff is much reduced in height, 


dependent tombs of smaller size. 


a series of small tombs was cut in the slope 
below it. 

3F (No. 5 of Lepsius). The first of these 
(Plate xlv.) was not wholly uninscribed. The 
decoration of the portal may even have been 
completed, but the weathering of the rock has 
left us little of it. The type of facade, represent- 
ing a portal set in a wall, is repeated in all the 
succeeding tombs. The projecting cornice, as 
sometimes also the roll below it, was often formed 
of stones cemented into a groove instead of being 
cut in the living rock. 


The lintel shows the cartouches of Aten, 
flanked by those of the king and queen, and 
apparently also by the figure and prayer of the 
deceased. On the upper part of the right jamb 
can still be read,—“ Life to the father—god and 
king—the living Ra, ruler of the two horizons 
“T give praise to the living Aten 
fad eae h Rae ” The open side of the forecourt 
has been built up with walls of piled stone to 
form a house. 

The interior shows 
directed primarily to the provision of a burial 
vault. The transverse gallery of which it was 
to consist has not been given its full height or 
finished at the N. end. The mouth of the burial 
shaft is cut in a mastaba of rock, and at the 
depth of only a few feet admits to a little cham- 
ber on the east. Two little niches for lamps in 
the W. wall are relics of the domestic use to 
which this and all the other tombs were put in 
later days. 

3£ (Plate xliv.) is the first of a series of 
neighbouring tombs cut in a low ledge of rock 
and facing a little west of south. It is of 
irregular shape, just allowing standing room, 
and contains no provision for burial. A lamp- 
niche in the wall outside dates from the time 
when the court was made a dwelling-place. 

3p (Plate xlii.). This tomb is of much 
the same shape as the last and shows similar 


hurried preparation, 


signs of incompleteness. Later occupants have 
fashioned a shelved recess 39 inches high in the 
south wall. 

3c (Plate xliii.). A tomb of the corridor 
type with an inner chamber set transversely. 
Only the outer hall has been finished. The 
walls outside are rough, and, like those of its 
neighbours, have no trace of inscription. The 
walls inside are well laid out and finished to a 
good surface. The ceiling is highly vaulted 
near the doorway, but becomes almost flat at 
the N. end. There is a rough trench in the 
floor, parallel to the W. wall and deepening 


towards the ends, which seems designed (cf. Part 


THE SITE OF THE NORTHERN TOMBS. 3 


1. pp. 12, 13). A rough recess has been cut in 
the W. wall. The doorway to the inner chamber 
has not been completely excavated, and the inner 
room is not more than begun, the upper part, as 
usual, having been first attacked. Drill holes 
are noticeable at intervals in the floor down the 
axis of the hall. | 

3B (Plate xliv.). This, the finest of the 
uninscribed tombs, is of the same type as the 
last, but of much larger proportions. The 
facade has suffered much, but apparently had 
never been inscribed. Again we have the arch 
of the ceiling flattening towards the N. end 
and a trench near the W. wall. In this case 
there is also a corresponding groove in the ceil- 
ing for about the same distance, but not exactly 
above it. Ido not doubt that it is a construc- 
tional error, utilized or concealed in the finished 
tomb. There are recesses on the W. side, prob- 
ably due to the removal of patching stones. As 
in 3c, the inner room has not been begun. LHvi- 
dence of the mode of removing the stone is 
afforded by a circular trench in the floor. It 
is about six inches wide and narrows to the 
bottom. As the chamber was still extremely 
low on this side, no machine of any size could 
be used, while the rough character of the groove 
indicates hand-work. 

3A (Plate xliii.) is now nothing more than 
a tiny cave (uncleared). Only a minimum of 
work can have been spent on it. 

The four remaining tombs are on the W. side 
of the gap in the hills. The two inscribed 
tombs are hewn in the first available slope; and 
some distance beyond these will be found two 
smaller chambers, excavated in a low ledge of 
rock, which is cut back deeply in each case for 
a width just sufficient to receive the portal. 

1p (Plate xlii.). The excavation of the 
interior is still unfinished above and below. It 
seems to have been the intention to furnish it 
with architraves, though without supporting 
columns. Evidence of subsequent occupation 
is given on the one hand by two recesses, one 


of which has two cups to hold water-jars; and 
on the other by two pits excavated in the floor 
to the shape of sarcophagi. The dimensions of 
these pseudo-coffins only just allow them to 
contain human bodies. A tethering staple has 
been formed in the wall at the head of each. 
This seems accidental, this corner having been 
the stable of the inhabitants. The burial, no 
doubt, was of much later date than the tomb. 

1a. Toms or Rupvu (Plates xlii., xxiv.).— 
This small chamber was never completed, the 
front and upper parts being well finished, while 
the lower part of the walls and the back of the 
room are left in the rough. But although this 
tomb was abandoned by the owner without 
having been furnished with a place of interment, 
the smoothed lintel outside enabled either him 
or some usurper to scratch a faint memorial of 
his name and’ hopes. With difficulty one 
deciphers <2 \Gerae in the presence of the Lord 
of the Two Lands, and a good burial by the 
gift (?) [of the king?]' on the great cliff of 
Akhetaten like any favourite of Ua-en-ra (?). 
For (?) the ka of Rudu.” 

ScaTreRED Tomps.—Besides this series of 
tombs along the hill-side there are a few of un- 
known date in the vicinity, within the hills. On 
passing through the gap, a wady will be seen 
directly opposite and two others to the right 
and left. Between that on the left and the 
central ravine is a track ascending the hills. 
Slightly to the right of this path is a tomb with 
a tiny doorway. It consists of a chamber some 
16 feet by 5, containing an oblong pit, 8 feet 
deep. From the H. and W. ends of the pit 
two good-sized burial chambers are entered. 
Another tomb will be found at the first bend of 
the central wady, high up the cliff and facing the 
gap. A third and fourth will be found back to 
back in a low ridge of rock to the right of the 


' Perhaps ai | nae 
oI NW 


Oty nD) pene ila pa Lalle 


4. THE ROCK TOMBS OF EL AMARNA. 


gap. That facing the gap is large but exces- 
sively rough, perhaps a natural cave enlarged ; 
the other consists of a chamber 7 feet square, 


but only 2 feet high. 


Ture Stone DWELLINGS. 


Tn front of all the tombs just described, walls 
of piled stone will be found marking out the 
rooms of what were once tolerable dwellings 
(Plate xlii.) They are generally considered to 
have been built for the convenience of the 
workmen engaged on the tombs, but this is 
They would in that case have 
been cleared away as soon as the tomb was com- 
pleted; and while it is true that every tomb has 
ruined huts attached to it, any shelter afforded 
by a fallen boulder, a natural cave, or an over- 


obviously not so, 


hanging ledge was also seized upon for a wind- 
tight retreat, while roomier chambers were 
built on to it to suit the occupants’ fancy and 
need. Such constructions are found from end 
to end’of this hill-side, and form colonies far 
from any tomb. Some are even placed on the 
summit, notably a group above Tomb 6. They 
are by no means of the rudest kind, but occa- 
sionally represent a considerable expenditure of 
labour, massive retaining walls having been 
built up to make a level platform, and recesses 
In some 
cases substantial cement pavements were laid 
down in slabs; and in all the doorways in the 
groups 3A to 3F a step of smoothly plastered 
bricks or stones was set, perhaps as a de- 


formed in the walls for domestic uses. 


terrent to wandering snakes and scorpions. 
Where the owner was fortunate enough to have 
secured a tomb for his inmost chamber and a 
rock-hewn court in which to shelter his outer 
rooms, he cut holes in its fagade to receive roof- 
beams, recesses for water-jars’ and lamps, and 
staples for tethering his animals. All this is 


1 Cf. p. 3. There is a specially neat recess hewn in 
the rock-face between Tombs 6 and 68. It forms a little 
rock-cut sideboard, having cups to hold six jars. 


clear proof that this hill-side was for some time 
the abode of a population numbering several 
hundreds. Security seems to have been a 
matter of consideration, for some of the little 
colonies are built like birds’ nests on ledges 
of rock at the summit of the cliff, in spite of 
Liven at the 
very end of the range, an hour’s walk from the 
river, I found a large cave reached by a stair- 
way cut in the rock, which staples for pendant 
lamps and the remains of coarse pottery showed 
plainly to have been the lonely home of some 
anchorite or refugee. 


great inconvenience and danger. 


A good example of the 
solid character of these constructions is found 
on the opposite side of the hill from No. 5. 
Here, at great labour, a large platform has been 
raised on retaining walls of natural boulders 
and rough blocks of limestone, and covered with 
a solid pavement of slabs of cement.? A rough 
chamber hewn in the hill-side serves for an 
inner room, and a neat stairway, cut in the 
wall of rock, gives access to the summit just 
above. The whole is now much broken up. 
Although I have not found a single Coptic 
graffito in these houses, I do not doubt that the 
builders were Copts; and if any one questions 
the probability of a number of people living so 
far from water and in such eyries, he has only 
to visit the village of Deir Rifeh, near Assiout, 
where the spectacle may still be seen, even in 
the security and civilization of these days. So 
sundered from the life of Egypt were these 
mountain-dwellers that the use of mud bricks is 
limited to some buildings outside Tomb 6, which 
was then their place of worship. The pottery, 
according to Prof. Petrie, is late Roman.’ 


Quarrizs, Surrace Buriats, Erc. ~ 


The one stela (V.) on this site is so completely 
weathered away that only a few hieroglyphs 
remain. There is a small quarry of coarse 


2 Cf. Sheikh Said, p. 4. 
SPHERE) GOAN anes 


THE SITE OF THE NORTHERN TOMBS. 5 


alabaster in the wady behind No. 5, and surface 
quarries are numerous between Tomb 1] and the 
river. In one above No. 6 several loose blocks 
about 24 x 14 x 10 ins. remain on the spot. 
In the quarry in which Queen Tyi’s cartouche 
is cut there is also sculptured, high up on a 
pillar of rock, a doorway and a figure, both 
of the type characteristic of the period. 

Other interesting antiquities of the site are 
some occurrences of burials on the summit of 
the cliff. At several points on both sides of 
the gap are large round cairns built of the 
globular boulders which strew the hill, some- 
times with buttress walls or appended heaps of 
smaller size. Most are wrecked, and one on the 
western hill [ found open and filled with a mass 
of burial débris, including cloth, leather, and 
fragments of wooden stools and bowls (?). They 
seem built on the solid rock, and certainly merit 
further examination. Behind No. 3 is an open 
shaft, but the large amount of boulders round 
it seem to have been removed from the interior 
and do not presuppose a cairn, 

Still more interesting is a cist-tomb, above 
No. 6, like a diminutive cromlech, built of 
boulders and roofed with pieces of weathered 
rock (Plate xxiv.). It measures only 93 ins. 
by 69 ins. outside, and about 24 ins. in height, 
and as the interior breadth is only about 18 ins. 
it could scarcely contain a full-sized body. It 
is built on the rock, and its axis is due east and 
west, the opening being to the east. Ido not 
venture to claim an early date for it, but it is in 
any case an interesting instance of recourse to a 
primitive mode of burial when implements for 
any reason fail and only loose stones are to 
hand. 

A finely-ground limestone axe-head was 
picked up at the foot of the hills near Hawata. 


Tue Roapns. 
The roads which Akhenaten caused to be 
laid out in the desert of HE] Amarna have been 
the object of most commendable labour 


by Professor Petrie! Unfortunately accident 
prevented its completion. My own work on 
those roads which fall within the limits of 
Plate i., has not the exactness I could wish ; 
for, though plainly traceable from above and in 
certain lights, they become so indistinguishable 
near at hand that they are difficult to plan 
without help. It is to be hoped that the 
Government will include these roads in their 
Survey, and note the points at which they strike 
the ruins or the river. 

The roads are formed simply by the removal 
of the loose pebbles to one side; but, slight as 
this preparation was, millenniums have done 
little to efface it. In some cases they waver or 
change their direction, but often, and for long 
stretches, they are ruled as with a pen on paper, 
and this is even true of some which have only 
the breadth of a narrow track. Very few can 
be the result merely of continual traffic between 
two fixed points. Such a path would be very 
far from straight, as I had occasion to notice. 
The track which my water-donkey left on the 
plain, and which threatens to be the most 
permanent memorial of my three winters’ stay, 
meanders in a way worthy of the animal and 
yet was always followed by the natives. 

The larger roads may have been used for 
chariots (“wheel roads” the natives still call 
them), some only by pedestrians, palanquin 
bearers or patrols. Nearly all lead to obvious 
goals such as tombs or stelae. Some seem to 
make for the stone-built hamlets, and there- 
fore may be of Christian times, though one 
would not have expected carefully laid-out 
paths from them.’ The roads cannot be traced 
close to the tombs, as they have there been 
disturbed or replaced by tourist paths. 

The laying-out of the roads is in good accord 
with the priority which will be claimed for 
Tombs 3, 5, and 6. Apparently the road N 


1 Perris, J. A., plate xxxv. and pp. 4,5. See also 
L. D., Text, ii., pp. 186, 137. 


6 THE ROCK TOMBS OF EL AMARNA. 


leading to No. 6 was first made, showing that 
that site was one of the first to be appro- 
priated. Ata point opposite Tomb 3 two short 
roads were led off from N to Tombs 3 and 5. 
When Meryra made his tomb, however, he laid 
out the great avenue K, thirty-one feet in 
breadth and stretching from the foot of the hills 
to a great clearing in the plain mid-way to the 
river. In this square Professor Petrie found 
three mounds, two of them approached by ramps 
on all four sides.t The northernmost has a 
square brick foundation, and its eastern side 
Only the central one is 
shaped like an altar, and I am tempted to see in 


faces down the avenue. 


that mound to which the avenue leads the site 
of a great rostrum where Akhenaten’s public 
appearances were made. This is figured in the 
tomb of Huya with four ascents, and as having 
a raised shrine opposite it and an altar between 
—the exact relation of these remains. 

The rest of these roads from the tombs are 
far from converging to one point, but make 
directly for the river to the north of the city, 
perhaps in order to avoid the loose sand of the 
watercourses to right and left.? 

The roads may be briefly described 
follows :— 

A. Road to 1a, 1B from K or C, only trace- 
able a short distance. Direction 122°. 

B. Road to Tombs 1 and 2 from the avenue (?), 
12 ft. broad. Direction 27°. 

C. Road along the foot of the hills (?). 

D. Road to the wady from far across the 
plain. Not very straight, but well cleared, 
16 ft. broad. Direction 23°. 

E. Road to the wady from the S. tombs (?), 
12 ft. broad. Direction 2°. 

F, Road to stela V. Scarcely visible. 


as 


* Perris, 7. A., plate xlii, 

* The line which runs parallel to the river from a bay 
in the hills, just outside the ‘‘ North Town” in Petrie’s 
map, is not a road but the remains of an outer dyke or 
wall of the town. 


G. Narrow and ill-defined path aiming at 
Tomb 8, but bending off to the tombs round 8c. 
Direction 92°. 

H. Narrow path aiming at Tomb 4, but bend- 
ing off towards Tomb 3. Direction 933°. 

K. Avenue above described. Direction 104°, 

L. Broad road to Tomb 4, from the junction 
with N. 

M. A similar road to Tomb 5. 

N. Road to Tomb 6, 14 ft. broad. 
102°. It is nearly parallel with K, but makesa 
sudden bend away from it, the original direc- 
tion being continued by a faint track. 

O. Road to Tomb 6 from a different point ; 
faint and irregular. Direction 93°. 

P. Road to Tomb 6 (?). Fairly broad. 
Direction 87°. 

Q, R. Two narrow paths, diverging from a 
common track. Q leads towards a collection 
of stone huts; R seems intended to ascend to 
the top of the hills. 


Direction 


THe CHRONOLOGY OF THE TomBs. 


As dates are specified only in Tombs | and 2, 
the clearest evidence of sequence is the number 
of daughters who accompany the King and 
Queen in the various tombs. Although this is 
open to error, since even a precise artist might 
well ignore infants at any rate, the regularly 
increasing family of Akhenaten seems to have 
been faithfully noted. The case of failure in the 
tomb of Huya, which I cited in Part i, p. 42, is 
much ameliorated by my subsequent discovery 
of scenes in which four daughters appear ; 
but the royal tomb seems to ignore two children, 

The sequence of the tombs on this basis, so 
far as my information goes, is as follows :— 

(N=North group ; S=South group of tombs). 

One daughter. § 9 (Mahu); S 11 (Rames). 
Stel of 4th and 6th years. 

Two. 523 (Any); stele of 6th and 8th years. 

Three. 5 10 (Apy); 5 25 (Ay. Nezemet-mut 


shown); S 8 (Tutu); N 3 (Ahmes); N 5 
| (Pentu). 


THE SITE OF THE 


Three and four. S 7; N 6 (Panehesy. Neze- 
met-mut shown in both). 

Four. N 4 (Meryra); N 1 (Huya. Baket- 
aten shown). 

Five and six. N 2 (Meryra ii.). 

Seven. (Four?) Royal Tomb.! 

Three daughters seem to have been born in 
the latter part of the 4th, 6th and 8th years; 
and if we suppose this regularity to have con- 
tinued, the youngest and seventh (?) daughter 
of Nefertiti, who was in arms at the funeral of 
Meketaten, would be born in the 16th year of 
the reign. Hence we may assign the tombs of 
Ahmes and Pentu to the 9th year, Panehesy to 
the 10th, Meryra to the 11th, Huya to the 12th 
and 13th (since an event of the mid-twelfth is 
recorded in it; probably the fifth daughter was 
just born, but is not depicted), and Meryra ii. 
to the 14th and 15th, with a later addition. 

This order coincides well with three other lines 
of evidence: (1) the position of the tombs, (2) 
their character, (8) the form of the cartouches 
of Aten. We find that the tombs of the S. 
group belong to the three-children period ; one, 
at most, may be alittle later. The burial-place, 
then, was shifted at this period to the opposite 
side of the desert, where the bold cliffs afforded 
better sites. The steepest faces of rock would 
naturally be first appropriated, and this con- 
sideration marks out Pentu, Ahmes, and Pane- 
hesy as the earliest. These three were perhaps 
begun simultaneously, though that of Panehesy 
took much longer to construct. But we cannot 
see the reason for abandoning the good sites 
near Panehesy ; and still less for removing the 
latest tombs far to the west. 

(2) The forms of tomb in vogue in the south 


NORTHERN TOMBS. 7 


were: (a) the small tomb with narrow trans- 
verse chamber, (b) the tomb in which this was 
placed at the end of a long corridor, (c) the 
tomb with a more spacious hall crowded with 
columns. The first type was retained in the 
N. groups only for smaller tombs; the third was 
found too elaborate, till the columns were 
reduced to two or four, when it became the 
model type. The economical corridor tomb 
alone was taken over, with its mode of decora- 
tion, from the S. groups, and employed for the 
burial of Ahmes and Pentu. 

The tomb of Panehesy, which modified the 
form of the columned hall, has elsewhere the 
closest affinities with the southern tombs, among 
them being the decoration of the entrance with 
figures of the worshipping King and Queen as 
well as the deceased, the provision of a winding 
stairway to the burial vault, and the naos-like 
shrines in the hall. 

(3) One of the features that distinguishes 
the latter half of Akhenaten’s reign is the 
changed form of the cartouches of the god.’ 
The earlier form is almost invariable in the 8. 
tombs,’ and on the stele. It appears in the 
N. group also, but it is precisely to the tombs 
of Ahmes, Pentu, and Panehesy* that it is con- 
fined. It fell into complete disuse then, with 
the 10th year of Akhenaten’s reign. 

The uninscribed tombs 8s—3F, are of the 
small T-shaped and corridor types common in 
the earlier tombs, but the form of the cartouche 
in 8Fr puts this tomb later than the three just 
mentioned, The two tombs 1a, 13, belong no 
doubt to the same period as Nos. 1 and 2. 

It will be seen that the 9th year of Akhen- 
aten is one of exceptional activity and inventive- 


1 The eldest four children are shown in the royal tomb, 
and a suckling whose name ended in ¢. It must there- 
fore either be the fourth daughter, who elsewhere is seen 
walking with Meketaten or weeping at her bier, or a 
seventh. I do not think the lacuna can possibly admit 
Neferneferuaten-ta-sherat. 


2 Part i., pp. 9, 45. 

3 The only exceptions [ know are in the tombs of Mahu 
(early ?), and on the columns of Tutu. 

4This tomb perhaps shows the transition, like that of 
Tutu, but the cartouches that seem of the later form 
are scarcely legible. 


8 THE ROCK TOMBS OF EL AMARNA. 


ness, and no doubt represents the high-water 
mark of prosperity in Akhetaten. 
buildings had been completed, and the officials 
having been provided with suitable buildings 
in the city, could plan ambitious “houses of 
eternity” in the desert. But the craftsmen of 
Akhetaten could not keep pace with the lavish 
projects of the King or his courtiers. Not 
one of these splendid tombs was quite finished. 
The walls were prepared and the hard-driven 
artist pacified all his employers by making a 
brave beginning in paint where he could not 


The public’ 


spare a chisel Meanwhile, when hopes were 
high, Meryra, who as high-priest of Aten had 
the post of power and favour at court, usurped 
all the talent for his splendid tomb and left 
Pentu, Ahmes, and many more lamenting their 
half-executed decorations, or halls which had 
only half emerged from the rock. The days of 
prosperity and leisured luxury were never to 
return, either to them or to new favourites in 
Akhetaten, and the tombs have come down to 
our day as the downfall of Aten-worship left 
them, a few years after its inception. 


CHAPTER Il. 


THE TOMB OF PANEHESY 4) (li 44 (or KK Ty) [li Sh). 


A. ARCHITECTURAL FEATURES. 


Tue Exterior (Plates ii., v., vi.). 

Previous plans are :— 

Hay, MSS. 29,847, foll. 12, 13 (complete). 

L’Hors, Papiers, iii. 279 (unplotted). 
THE tomb is excavated at the foot of the 
boldest of the rock-faces hereabout, though the 
full effect is lost by the base being buried under 
several feet of débris (photograph, Plate xxv.). 
As the tomb was at some period a place of 
Christian worship, there has been a consider- 
able amount of Coptic building round its door. 
The wall of rock has been dressed to a fairly 
smooth surface for some distance to right and 
left of the doorway, a bank of rock being left 
along the foot. The entrance is adorned by 
a portal of the type already familiar. Both 
lintel and jambs are sculptured, but the latter 
are half cut away, and on the right an apse- 
shaped niche has been cut out by the Copts. 


Tue Hatt (Plates ii., ili., iv.). 

The exterior wall is of the customary solidity, 
and the thickness has been used for decorative 
purposes. The interior fulfils the Egyptian 
ideal by affording a suite of three chambers, 
the outer hall as a place of public gathering 
and worship, an inner chamber containing the 
place of interment, and a smaller shrine as a 
place of privacy for the deceased. If the plans 
be compared with those of Meryra it will be 
seen that, but for. the addition of an ante- 
chamber to that tomb and the unfinished state 


of its inner rooms, the two are closely alike, the | 


_ tomb of Panehesy having evidently been taken 


as a general model. 

The first hall was a room whose breadth little 
exceeded the depth, but a rough enlargement 
of the lower part at the hands of the Copts has 
greatly altered the dimensions of the ground 
plan. Other disfigurements too have greatly 
changed the appearance of the hall, the chief 
being the removal of the two western columns and 
the substitution of an ecclesiastical apse for the 
false door which once balanced its fellow on the 
east side. This violence, combined with minor 
injuries and the wash of grey plaster with 
which the Copts obliterated the sculptures, has 
given a very sorry aspect to a hall which the 
bats, that pest of Hgyptian tombs, have, on 
their part, not spared. 

When fresh from the hands of the designers 
the hall was divided by two rows of two columns 
each, leaving about half the area of the hall 
between them. The walls were free for 
sculpture on all but the north side, where two 
false doors occupy half the space. This latter 
feature does not recur in any other of these 
tombs, unless the uncut doors in Meryra’s 
ante-chamber and the false doors in the inner 
room of Ahmes represent it. Such doorways 
are found, however, in the large halls of the 
5. group and contain sitting statues of the 
deceased, intended apparently to mark his 
presence in the reception room as well as in 
his private retreat. Whether the portal now 
destroyed contained such a figure cannot be 
determined. Its fellow had been only partially 


10 THE ROCK TOMBS 


excavated when it was found that a natural 
fissure interfered with the work, and in disgust 
at this mischance the designer abandoned the 
whole corner, including the sculpture on the- 
adjacent walls, so that it remains a monument 
only to his ill-temper. Dissatisfaction with 
this part of the hall led, then or later, to a 
further disfigurement, by the construction of a 
flight of steps descending to a rough burial 
chamber just below floor level. 

The columns differ little essentially, though a 
good deal in appearance, from those in Tomb 4 
(I. ii.), for in the latter that detail was probably 
shown in paint which is here marked by the 
chisel. They are much more squat in appear- 
ance, being greater in girth though less in 
height. Here, too, each of the eight bundles 
of papyri which the column represents is again 
broken up above the sheathing leaves (not 
sculptured here) into four stems. About half- 
way between the foot and the bands under the 
capital there is a break, the thirty-two stems of 
which the column is now built up seeming to 
be shifted round by half a stem’s breadth (see 
drawing of east side). This, however, is due 
in reality to the customary insertion of shorter 
papyrus stems, three to each of the eight 
bundles. Each of these inserted stalks lies 
between the original stems and covers them. 
One out of the four stems in each of the eight 
bundles, however, is left visible and differen- 
tiated by being coloured yellow, while the 


inserted stems are painted conventionally, blue, 
red, blue. Thus there are thirty-two divisions, 
above as below, twenty-four of them represent- 
ing the overlaid stems and eight those under-_ 
lying. The representation, however, is not 
congruous with the conditions; for it is a 
division between two stems, and not the surface 
of one stem, which forms the centre of a bundle 
of four and would be left uncovered by the 
inserted stems. This error appears plainly on 
the upper part of the capital, where the thirty- 


two original stems again become visible; for 


OF EL AMARNA. 


that stem which was left uncovered is seen not 
to coincide with any of the thirty-two, but with 
a division between them. As the swelling 
capital represents the heads of the papyrus, 
the leaves of the calyx are represented like 
sheathing (red lines on yellow) on the eight 
underlying stems which are visible just above 
the bands. That the inserted stems consist of 
eight bundles of three is plain from the four 
bands which unite them (coloured conven- 
tionally blue, red, green, blue, whereas the 
band of the column itself is a natural yellow). 
The colouring of these overlaid stems and their 
bands suggests that the architect was ignorant 
of their raison d étre. 

The details of the columns on the W. face are 
interrupted by a blank space representing an 
affixed placard. The device on these tablets is 
similar to that on the lintels of the doorways, 
except that here a space below the cartouches 
is occupied by a design representing the union 
of the Southern and Northern kingdoms, 
under the symbol of their representative plants. 
occupies the centre. The 
whole device on the N. column is shown on 
Plate iv. and the ends of that on the S. column. 
(See p. 30 for the translations of the prayers.) 

It may be well to compare at this point the 
picture of a papyrus column from the temple on 
the W. wall (Plate iv.A).1 It will be seen 
that the typical column of the artist was of 


? 


The sign for “ union’ 


very different proportions from those in the 
tomb. In reality the columns when built, not 
excavated, may have approached this pattern. 
As will be seen from the photograph (Plate 
XxXvi.), even the remaining columns have been 
greatly mutilated. A number of cups have 
been cut in the base of the S. column, to hold 
porous water-jars, with ducts for draining off 


‘The Plate is inexact. The colouring below the 
tablet is correct in the right hand column, thus showing 
the apparent twist of the bands noted above, but is lost 
in its fellow. 


THE TOMB OF PANEHESY. 11 


the overflow into a basin in the floor. Of the 
destroyed columns only the abaci remain. The 
floor of the W. half of the hall is very rough. 

The gloom of the hall was once relieved by 
the brilliant colouring of the walls, the columns, 
the frieze of cartouches, the pediment and the 
ceiling. Of this but little now remains, but the 
ceiling designs have been recovered as far as 
possible (cf. L’Hére, Papiers iii. 281). The 
scheme can be gathered from Plate iii., and the 
patterns identified from Plate ix. Pattern B 
seems to be identical with pattern B of I. xxxix., 
the blue centre, perhaps, excepted.' What 
remains of the columns of hieroglyphs between 
the patterns will be found on Plate xxi., and an 
attempted translation of these on pp. 30-31. 

Iyner Cuamper.—This is of the same shape 
and almost the same size as the outer hall. 
The ceiling feigns to be supported by four 
columns, carrying architraves. These columns 
are of the papyrus-bud type like those of the 
hall, but no detail at all is shown, and even the 
contracting foot is not represented. A small 
pit in the centre of the room is obviously a 
subsequent addition. 

The place of burial is reached by a stairway 
of forty-three steps, which descends along the E. 
wall of the room. After reaching a landing 
some distance below, it turns at a sharp angle 
to the left, and descends as a curving stairway 
with a sharp return upon itself at the end. The 
chamber is merely a level length of passage. 
The depth below floor-level is shown on Plate 
iii. The winding stairway is borrowed from 
the earlier tombs, and is not repeated in this 
necropolis. 

Tue Surine.—The third room, conformably 
to practice, is inscribed, while the second hall 
(theoretically only a passage to the burial 
chamber) is not. The little chamber contained, 


1 In the plates dr. signifies drab, b. = blue, bk. = black ; 
r.l. or r.p. indicates that the line is not cut, but only in 
red paint. 


according to custom, a sitting statue of Pane- 
hesy, but it has been completely removed. 
Tue Scurrrursr.—The work in the tomb, it 


must be confessed, was not good, and was, 


therefore, less able to bear injury. The figures 
have been executed for the most part in the 
stone itself, so that, despite the falling away 
of the thin coating of plaster, the sculpture 
still retains the general outline and, in places, 
almost the full measure of the original outline. 
Scarcely any plaster is left on the thickness 
of the outer walls, for instance, yet the scenes 
there are the best in the tomb. The plaster must 
have been a mere overlay, giving smoothness to 
the whole and filling up irregularities, as well 
as enabling details to be elaborated or supplied 
in colour. The stiff treatment of the designs 
also detracts from the value of the scenes, but 
this unattractiveness has been their salvation, 
the injury shown in Plate vii. being the only 
modern mutilation. : 

As the architecture, so the scheme’ of subjects 
also was taken over for the hall of Meryra (with 
an exchange between the E. and W. walls), 
but carried out there with much individuality 
and greatly superior technique. The two efforts 
show how varied was the skill of the artists, or 
the success of their methods of working in plaster. 

Coptic Remains.—When the Copts sought a 
place of assembly, the W. false door, which they 
saw could be adapted to their needs with but 
little labour, seems to have drawn them to this 
tomb. Retaining the cornice of the original 
construction, they fashioned an apse having a 
moulded arch resting on pilasters with decorated 
capitals (photograph on Plate xxvi.). The apse 
seems to have been designed with a view to 
baptismal immersion, for a font five feet deep 
occupies nearly the whole space. Two rough 
steps would enable a person to scramble from 
the edge into the inner room through a narrow 
aperture which has been cut in the back wall. 
But it is not easy to see how any one could be 
immersed in, or himself emerge from, the font 


THE ROCK TOMBS OF EL AMARNA. 


with any dignity. There is a shallow niche in 
the walls of the apse on each side. 

The apse having been made, it was impossible 
to leave the pagan sculptures close by it in 
naked assertiveness. Yet the earliest wor- 
shippers seem to have thought it enough to 
daub the sacred cross and an Alpha and Omega 
in red paint over the figure of the Queen. A 
later generation, however, was more particular, 
and, having covered the whole wall with plaster, 
(now largely fallen away again), decorated the 
surface with the picture of a saint! and floral 
designs. The decorations in the apse, too, are 


not original, but have been renewed on a second 


coating of plaster from very similar designs. 
All the walls on this side of the hall have been 
covered in like manner with a thin wash of 
plaster, which on the W. wall has adhered with 
deplorable tenacity. Above the cornice there 
seems to have been a bird with outspread 
wings, not, perhaps, without reminiscences of 
the winged scarab, disc, or vulture. On each 
side of the apse are decorated staves (?). 

The wall of the apse is painted gray, with 
darker marbling. Separating it from the dome 
are two borders, the lower showing two inter- 
twisted bands (Plate vi. c), the upper a branching 


' Plate xx. The name (or merely apa ?) seems to have 
been very short (Plate ‘iv. a). 


spray of leaf and fruit (d). The latter design is 
also applied to the soffit of the arch (a,b). The 
moulding of the arch is coloured yellow with a 
band of white splotches on a black background. 
The dome is occupied by the figure of a soaring 
eagle (?) sketched in browns of various shades. 
Its outstretched wings are tripartite (in allusion 
to the seraph of Isaiah’s vision ?), and on its 
head is a halo or disc (perhaps also a reminis- 
cence of the solar hawk). It is much broken, 
and none of the graffiti here can be read. The 
lower of the two borders is continued on the 
wall to the left of the apse. Below this a 
singular decoration, viz. a disc of deep blue 
glass about five inches across, was added, set in 
a bedding of mud-plaster, but at a later time 
was covered over again.” A cupboard has been » 
cut out in the wall hard by. 

Having made their apse in the extreme 
corner of the hall, the unsuitability of such a 
position became evident, and to make it central 
to the congregation the tomb was considerably 
enlarged on this side for half its height, and 
the two columns broken away to admit light. 
Several grooves in the wall and floor suggest 
that a partition was erected outside the line of 
the architrave. Other relics of this occupation 
are the arched recess in the §. wall near the 
entrance and a similar one outside. To judge 
by the putlog holes and a deep recess in the E. 
wall, the stairway was bridged over and the 
space behind the columns put to some special 
use. It may be added that the spectacle of a 
Christian church thus quartered in. a heathen 
tomb may still be seen under very similar con- 
ditions at Deir Rifeh. 

On the 8. wall of the inner room are painted 
two crosses with the Alpha and Omega in the 


* It is now gone. When it was perceived under the 
plaster, the guard was specially charged with its pre- 
servation, but it disappeared before my return. It can 
be guessed what measure of safety antiquities enjoy 
which are 2o¢ under lock and key ! 


THE TOMB OF PANEHESY. 13 


corners, and one or two indecipherable words or 
symbols. To the Copts is probably also due a 
strange squaring out of the W. side of the S. 
wall, and a still more irregular marking out of 
the W. wall. All this is in black paint. 


B. Tse Scurprurep Scenss. 


1. Tae Enrrance Porrat (Plates v., vi.). 
Cf. L’H6érx, Papiers, xi. 36. 


The decoration here is somewhat out of the 
common. Instead of columns of prayers and 
the divine and royal cartouches, scenes of wor- 
ship by the royal family are exclusively por- 
trayed. On each of the broken jambs are two 
pictures of the royal family worshipping the sun, 
with a border below of the symbolical yekhyt 
birds (cf. L. D. 11. 109). The upper panels 
exhibit the King with the crown of the North 
(on the left, i.c., more northerly jamb), and of 
the South (on the right). In the lower panels 


~ he wears the khepersh helmet. The royal pair 


lift up offerings of food to the deity from the 
tables or stands of provisions which are before 
them. They seem to have been accompanied 
in these scenes by Merytaten alone. 

The lintel shows the same subject in a design 
which for purposes of symmetry is repeated 
with slight variation on both sides of a central 
table of offerings, on which the rays of the Aten 
stream down. The King and Queen stand beside 
the table, the materials for the ceremony being 
laid on stands near them. On the left they are 
engaged in burning incense to the god, throwing 
aromatics with the right hand into the flaming 
bowl of the censing-spoon, which is held in the 
left. On the right the censers have been laid 
aside, and libations are being poured. from the 
spouted vases taken from the stands. The titu- 
laries of Aten and of the royal pair are inscribed 
above them. The long laudation of the Queen 
(most of the phrases of which may be restored 
from Plate vii.) shows the position which was 
accorded to her as the royal heiress. The three 


eldest princesses shake sistra behind the Queen 
under the care of their nurses. A younger, 
but here unnamed sister of the Queen is also in 
the train, attended by two shade-bearers and 
two female fan-bearers. Two misshapen female 
dwarfs who are of the party seem also among 
her attendants (Plates vii., viii.; and twice in 
the tomb of Ay). Their names, which in this 
tomb are greatly damaged, can fortunately be 
recovered from the tomb of Ay; for no little 
satirical humour has been shown in the nick- 
names given to these ill-favoured favourites. 
One is the “The Queen’s Vizier (?), ‘ For ever,’ ” 
and the other “His mother’s Vizier (?) ‘The 
Day’ (or ‘The Sun’)! 

‘“‘ His mother” would seem to mean the King’s 
mother Tyi, and “ the Queen” may also desig- 
nate Tyi or some other Queen of Amenhotep IIT; 
for as the sister of Nefertiti is only mentioned 
in tombs of this period, and the dwarfs only 
shown in her company, it is likely that she was 
at this time on a lengthened visit to Akhetaten, 
and had brought these attendants from the 
Theban court of Tyi. 


2. Tue THiIckNess oF THE OuTER WALL. 
Plates vii., viii., xxvii. 


Previous copies are :— 

Burton, Hxcerpta, plate vi. (upper part of W. side). 

L’Hore, Papiers, xi. 35 (the H. side is reproduced in 
AmM&LINEAU, Sépulture, plate Ixxxiy., p. 610). 

Lepsius, D. i. 91°(H. side, upper part). 


West Sipe (Plates vii., xxvii.).—The wall 
surfaces in the entrance to the tomb are fittingly 
reserved for representations of the worship of 
the sun. As naturally as the dweller in the 
town or village comes to his doorway at dawn 
and evening to see the sun rise in fresh bright- 
ness or set in splendour, the occupant of the 


LBNThle BTR 


eae at 


14 THE ROCK TOMBS 


tomb leaves its dark recesses and greets the 
appearing or departing deity at the entrance. 
But here, as often in the earlier tombs, the King 
and his household also are seen engaged in wor- 
ship. This may be due, not only to the impulse 
of the Egyptian King to self-commemoration, 
but also to the need to create traditions for the 
new form of faith by giving prominence to the 
example of the Court. Therefore the figure of 
Panehesy and his prayer are relegated here to 
the lower part of the walls (for a translation of 
both texts, see pp. 29, 80), while the upper part 
shows the royal family offering to the radiant 
Disc. 


sceptres towards the god as if in acknowledg- 


The King and Queen are extending their 


ment of their delegated power (cf. I., xxvii.). 
Before them is a loaded table, having little 
figures holding offering-bowls at the two frout 
corners. The table having first been spread 
with jars, flat round loaves have been placed on 
their mouths, and the rest of the offerings laid 
on top and crowned with flowers and bowls of 
burning spices. The King’s person is adorned, 
as often, with the cartouches of the god. These 
were probably inserted in light jewellery or 
fastened on ribbons; for they always occupy 
the place of armlets and pectorals, though the 
attachments are rarely shown. 

The elaborate titulary of the Queen written 
over her head reads : — 

“The heiress, great of favour, mistress of the district 
of the South and North, fair of face and gay with the 
two feathers, soothing the heart of the King at home (?),' 


pleased at all that is said, the great and beloved wife of 
the King, Lady of the Two Lands [Nefertiti].” 


The three eldest princesses shake the sistrum 
behind their parents.” 

Hast Sipe (Plates viii., xxvii.)—The change 
in the royal attire on this wall may have been 
prescribed by the ritual; for the King is here 


TELE l ee is intended, 
2 The (injured) sistrum of Merytaten has been omitted 
by error in Plate viil. 


OF EL AMARNA. 


burning spices in the hawk-headed censing- 
spoon towards the sun, while the Queen presents 
a bouquet of flowers.* Both wear an elaborate 
variety of the Atef crown, into which, as in a 
coat of arms, forgotten history and symbolism 
are crowded. Two or three shocks, somewhat 
resembling those familiar to us in the kheker 
ornament, and each flanked by two plumes, 
occupy the centre, standing upright on the com- 
bined horns of the bull and the ram. In the 
King’s head-dress each is also crowned by the 
solar hawk, identified with the god of the Aten 
cult by the double cartouche. Erect on either 
side, and pendant also from the horns, are 
figures of the crowned uraeus. The whole is 
attached to the head by a broad base, adorned 
with uraei. The King has thrown a flowing 
mantle over his shoulders, and his tunic shows 
a flap adorned with uraei and the attachment of 
the bull’s tail behind (not often assumed by 
him). The Queen is again distinguished by an 
encomium :— 


“The heiress, great of favour, mistress of all women— 
when she saith anything it is done*—the great wife of 
the King whom he loveth [Nefertiti], living for ever and 
ever.” 

The register beneath this scene is practically 
in duplicate on the two walls. The point of 
interest is a female figure in the centre, at- 
tended by two dwarfs of her sex, and identified 
by this as the sister of Queen Nefertiti, already 
seen on the lintel outside. This interpretation 
is supported by the broken inscription which 
evidently ran, “the sister of the great wife of 
the King, Nefertiti, who lives for ever and ever, 


Nezemet-mut.”° She is attended by two shade- 


3 The drawing of the figures in the Denkmiiler utterly 
misrepresents the original. 

4 This phrase is applied to a queen in the very earliest 
times (PETRIE, Royal Tombs ii., pl. xxiv., seal 210), and 
again to Queen Hatshepsut (Navinun, D. el Bahari ii., 


p. 16). 


BY ashore aN & fo {| dt. Of Li Dee Goet one 


appears also twice in the tomb of Ay, and apparently 
in that of Tutu (L. D. iii. 1060). 


THE TOMB OF PANEHESY. 15 


bearers, four fan-bearers, three nurses, and a 
detachment of police, and is being received by 
one or two officials, including, no doubt, Pane- 
hesy himself. On closer inspection, however, 
the impression of deference to the royal sister is 
seen to be mistaken. The row of figures really 
forms part of the scene above, so that the 
homage of the officials and the train of servants 
belong to the royal party as a whole, the nurses 
being attached to the three daughters of Nefer- 
titi. Both here and on the lintel Nezemet-mut 
stands aloof from the act of worship, and thus 
seems to belong to the adherents of the old 
polytheism, as her name, “the pleasant one of 
Mut” probably implied. She appears to be 
older than her nieces, as might be expected, 
and even if she had been resident at the court 
of her sister in Akhetaten, her disappearance 
henceforth would be naturally accounted for 
by marriage. It is a pity that the accompany- 
ing inscription does not anywhere show her 
parentage, and so decide that of her sister 
Nefertiti. There is no strong ground for 
supposing it to have been foreign. The 
Queen’s rights as heiress rather imply a royal 
Egyptian descent on both sides. She is more 
likely to have been a daughter of Amen- 
hotep III. by an Egyptian heiress whom the 
King’s strong preference for Tyi kept quite in 
the background. The marriages with Syrian 
princesses were purely political alliances, and 
possibly were not always consummated (cf. 
Winceter, Tell El Amurna Letters, No. i.); 
so that even if Nefertiti is not the princess of 
Mitani whom Akhenaten seems to have married, 
she may after all have had no real rival in 


the harem. 


3.—Tue Hatt. ARCHITRAVES AND ABACI. 


Previous copies are :— 


(Plates iv., v.). 
L’Hore, Papiers, iii. 280. 


Hay, MSS. 29,847, fol. 63. 
Lepsius, D. iii. 911. 

The same inscription in large blue hiero- 
glyphs runs along both architraves, with but 


slight differences of spelling. It enumerates 
the revered powers in heaven and on earth 
thus :— 


“ Life to the good god haying pleasure in Truth, Lord 
of the Solar Circuit, Lord of the Disc, Lord of Heaven, 
Lord of Earth, the great living Aten who illumines the 
two Lands!' Life to the Father—God and King*— 


{ Ra-Horakhti, rejoicing on the horizon | { in the name 


of the Brilliance which is in the Aten J, who gives life 


for ever and ever, the great living Aten, abiding in 
the sed-festivals,? Lord of Heaven, Lord of HKarth, within 
the temple of Aten in Akhetaten; (and to) the King, 
&e., Akhenaten, great in his duration; (and to) the great 
wife of the King, &c., Nefertiti, living for ever and 
ever! 7 


The faces of the four abaci towards the nave 
are engraved with the name and offices of 


1 A pleonastic introduction to fill out the space. 

? Further experience shows that the translation in 
Part i., p. 8, cannot be sustained, and that this is to be 
taken as a double determinative, explanatory of the word 
‘“‘father’’ in this connection. The strange group must 
be due to the unfamiliar application of the double royal 
cartouche to the title of the god. We must recognize in 
the double cartouche a conscious dualism in the religion 
of Akhenaten (cf. seten dy hetep prayers to Aten and to 
Ra, ruler of the two horizons, on Stela 324 of the British 
Museum). The need of explaining the relation of the 
new to the old faith, and of the Aten to the well-known 
god Ra, was the practical necessity out of which the 
use grew. The cartouches which showed the double 
nature of the King as divine son and earthly regent, were 
used to prove that the new religion was still the worship 
of Ra, but in his visible form, ‘“‘ The Brilliance from the 
Sun-dise (Aten).” The cult, therefore, was that of the © 
visible Aten. The two determinatives apply to the two 
cartouches ; the sign of the god to the first, that of the 
ruler to the second (cf. Pl. iv.g; more clearly differen- 
tiated in III. xxvii., L. D. iti. 1000, 105d, and SHarps, 
Eg. Inscriptions, ii. 48). Naturally this fine distinction 
was apt to be lost, and in later tombs (I. xxy., III. xxi.) 
the word is determined by two kingly figures. It may 
be observed that this recurring laudation of the two 
natures of the Father-god, along with the divine-human 
son, and not omitting the highest female power, is a 
strange anticipation of Christian Trinitarian worship in 


| its most popular form, and suggests that the faith of 
| Akhenaten was much more than a personal eccentricity 


or a freak in religious thought. 


I 
3 Variant [all] 1. 


16 THE ROCK TOMBS 


Panehesy, and the same treatment also was 
proposed for the N. and 8. faces also, as traces 
of writing in blue paint are observable. With 
great difficulty parts of three of these were 
deciphered (Plate iv., c, d, e, with enlargements 
band f), c and d being from the N. side of the 
S. and N. columns respectively, and e from the 
S. side of the N. column. These are of interest 
as giving two fresh titles 


: | 
‘“‘Superintendent of the oxen ‘es ') of 
the Aten” (d), and “superintendent of the 
granary of the Aten in Akhetaten” (c). 
The other four abaci have “The [great] 
favourite of the good god, the chief Servitor of 
Aten in the temple of Aten in Akhetaten, 
Panehesy, maakheru.” 


to Panehesy : 


4.—SoutH Porvat. 


Plates vy. (lintel) and ix, (jambs). 
are :— 

Hay, MSS. 29,847, fol. 63 (lintel). 
xi. 36. 


Earlier copies 


L’ Hots, Papers, 


The door-framing has no cornice, but reaches 
to the ceiling. The lintel is adorned in the 
way made familiar by Part I., the central 
part being occupied by symmetrically-arranged 
cartouches, and the ends by prayers and pray- 
ing figures of the deceased. Hach jamb is 
occupied by four prayers in as many columns, 
addressed to the Aten, the King under both 
names, and the Queen. (See pp. 30, 31 for 
translations of all the prayers.) 


5.—PANEHESY REWARDED BY THE Kina. 


South Wall. West side. Plates x., xi. 

Cf. L’Hétx, Papiers, xi. 34. 

The reward of the faithful official by the King 
(a scene which is seldom or never omitted from 
a fully inscribed tomb at El Amarna) is set 
forth on this wall. It differs in no essential 
from other representations of the kind (regard- 
ing the building, etc., see Part L., pp. 20-22). 


Four princesses are present, the youngest, Nefer- 


OF EL AMARNA. 


neferu-aten, being depicted as very small; and 
as she does not appear with the other three in 
Plates v., vii., viii., xvili., she may have been 
born while the tomb was in process of decoration. 
The three youngest children are lovingly linked 
together. Merytaten, the eldest, has the privilege 
of being taken by her parents into the window, 
over the cushion of which she just manages to 
reach.! With that frank naiveté which is so 
characteristic of the scenes at El Amarna, the 
Queen encircles her husband’s waist with one 
arm and passes the other round the daughter's 
shoulders. 

Panehesy, happy under a weight of golden 
necklaces, stands outside the porch with arms 
uplifted in homage. The servants are still in 
the act of receiving further favours for him from 
the King, while a whole chest-full of other 
presents are set out on stands behind him, or 
are in the hands of his retinue. This largesse 
of collars, necklaces, bracelets, pectorals, and 
of other personal ornaments is being duly 
In the upper 
registers Syrians and negroes (possibly ambas- 
sadors or hostages) wait along with the sunshade- 
bearers. The inscription over Panehesy 
obliterated. 

The pictorial narrative is continued in the sub- 
sidiary registers below (Plate xi.), In the centre 


inventoried by the scribes. 


is 


is shown a further array of royal gifts, amongst 
which tables loaded with provisions for a ban- 
quet are to be noted. On the right is another 
group of Panehesy’s friends and retainers, and 
on the left his chariot waits to conduct him 
home. Having left the presence of the King 
and gained the public streets or his own home, 
Panehesy descends from his chariot and is hailed 


by the populace, or by his household, with 


‘The signature ‘‘ Nestor L’Héte, Jany. 1839,” is 
written in pencil on this cushion; and though modern 
graffiti are to be discountenanced, we can more than 
pardon this modest memorial of one who alone of the old 
copyists had the thoroughness to copy this dull tomb in 
extenso, 


THE TOMB OF PANEHRESY. 17 


The men wave 
branches and make demonstrations of joy and 
devotion ; the women have formed themselves 
into a choir, or have engaged professional 
performers to represent them. (cf. Part I., 
pp. 22, 29). A little escort of soldiers marches 
behind Panehesy in double file. 
rank, which is naturally hidden by the nearer, 
is rendered visible in the picture by the simple 
device of raising the men head and shoulders 
above their fellows. Two military standards 
are borne by the squad. 

In a short inscription attached to the scene, 
Panehesy is designated as usual “the great 
favourite of the Lord of the Two Lands and the 
chief Servitor of the Aten.” What seems to be 
the cry of the crowd is almost illegible ““...... 
health, life, prosperity (?) to Pharaoh! O Aten! 
grant it for ever.”’ The wall has been made 
unsightly by the Copts, who cut an arched recess 
near the doorway and two long upright grooves 
in the wall. They were perhaps contemplating 
a doorway or window at this point.” 


unrestrained acclamations. 


6.—Tue Royat FAMILY MAKING OFFERINGS 
TO THE ATEN. 


South Wall. East side. 

Previous copies are :— 

L’Héte, Papiers, xi. 2 (reproduced by AMELINEAU, 
Sépulture, pl. lxxxiii., p. 608). Lepsius, D. iii. 91m (head 
of seryant at top of Plate xii.). 


Plates xi., xil. 


The treatment of this familiar subject offers 
no features of exceptional interest. In face of 
these altar-stands loaded with meat offerings, 
one feels that Akhenaten had scarcely succeeded 
in finding a ritual in harmony with the severely 
simple and natural conception of deity which 
he had introduced. But if this massing of food 


and drink offerings is felt to be an inheritance 


1 Conjecturing | J S45 - i l. Cia rl ex, 
and the tombs of Mahu and Pentu. 

2 For the mode of decorating the top part of the S. wall, 
see Plate v. 


The further | 


of old traditions and crass anthropomorphism, 
it is redeemed by the preference given to flowers 
and fruits as objects acceptable to the god. 
The presentation of those products of the soil 


_ whose grace and colour is their chief attraction, 


and which are so obviously called into being and 
beauty by the sunlight, bears witness to a finer 
sentiment, which even Christianity approves. 
Its prominence here is obvious. Not only are 
the meat-offerings covered with flowers and 
grapes, and the stands set about with bouquets 
and lotus-blooms, but the offerings of the King (?) 
and Queen consist of such. The princesses too 
are provided with these fit emblems of “the 
beauty of the Aten,” whose fragrance Ankhes- 
en-pa-aten would have her little sister enjoy 
once more before parting with them to the god. 
Nor is the King content to devote one bouquet 
only. Panehesy (indicated by his name and 
familiar titles) and his attendants bring yet 
others for the King to dedicate. As “Chief 
Servitor of the Aten” he assists the King in the 


rites, and it may be in commemoration of such 


occasions that the scene is pourtrayed in his 
tomb. The faces of two of the shade-bearers 
high up on the wall have escaped injury, and 
present very characteristic El Amarna pro- 
files. (Consult the large reproduction in L. D. 
il. 917). 

The subjoined register (Pl. xi.) only contains 
the usual figures of attendants, and a repetition 
of the figures of Panehesy (?) and his fellow- 
priests (?) The royal chariot is distinguished 
by size and decoration from the private car of 
Panehesy. 


7.—Tue Royvaut FAmILy DRIVING oUT. 


East Wall. Plates xiii. to xvii. 
Cf. L’Hots, Papiers, xi. 6, 28. 

The scene on this wall remains unfinished on 
the left hand, and, as there is no inscription, the 
object of the public appearance which it depicts 
is uncertain. But it seems to be the original 

Cc 


18 THE ROCK TOMBS OF EL AMARNA. 


of the design on the W. wall of Meryra’s tomb 
(I. x., x.a). Probably a representation of the 
temple set vertically, as there, should have filled 
the blank space. The subject, therefore, seems 
to be. a State visit to the temple. 
seen in the top right-hand corner (Plate xiv.). 
The interesting variations from other pictures of 
the building which it offers have been dis- 
cussed in detail in Part L., pp. 283 to 25. The 
ostensible reason for its inclusion in the picture 


The palace is 


is as the point of departure of the cortege, but 
the repeated representation of the buildings of 
Akhetaten wherever any pretext offered itself 
betrays that it was to the order of the royal 
builder of the city that these tombs and sculp- 
tures were executed. 

Akhenaten himself standing in his chariot, 
under the guardianship of the ever-solicitous sun, 
and guiding in person his bounding horses, 
makes a worthy centre-piece to the picture, in 
spite of the mutilations of the sculpture. There 
is little to add to the comments made upon the 
design on its occurrence in Part I. The animals 
in these larger examples create a vivid impres- 
sion of motion and of the grace of strength, and 
if this stereotyped design is far from affording 
a correct study of the horse, it exhibits all the 
Egyptian power of proving triumphant, in spite 
and even by means of glaring inaccuracies. 
The artist is very much less happy when he 
shows the animal in slower movement. The 
disproportion given to the neck there becomes 
glaring (Plates xv. and xvii.)." | 

The details of the harness are made specially 
clear here. The guiding rein is seen to pass 
through the loop of a leather thong attached to 
the pad, and also apparently through the orna- 
mental ring of the yoke, which fixes over the stud 
of the pad. The curved end of the yoke termi- 


nates prettily in a lotus-bloom and buds. The 


' There is a considerable amount of- correction by the 
sculptor on this wall. The false lines have not always 
been indicated in the plates. 


stay, which extends from the front rim of the 
car to the pole, is adorned with a row of uraei 
in what seems a dangerously slender design. 
(The block at the King’s knee represents the 
uraei which are sewn on the hem of his tunic ; 
they have been left uncarved). 

The saises who run before the horses have 
been placed beneath them in order to make the 
picture more compact. 

The Queen also (in representation at least) 
drives her own chariot and pair, which are in 
every way the counterpart of the King’s on a 
smaller scale. 

Six chariots follow. The foremost of these, 
which contains only a driver or an official, is 
being urged at a gallop like those of the King 
and Queen; the rest follow more leisurely. 
Two of these (underneath and behind the 
Queen’s chariot) contain the four princesses, 
who, like her, for dignity’s sake, are feigned 
capable of driving themselves. The three 
remaining cars carry six fan-bearers, one for 
each of the party.? Three of the police bring 
up the rear. 

In front of the King and in the register below 
are shown the military escort and the retinue. 
(The wall here is in a very bad condition.) The 
advanced guard consists of a detachment of five 
Egyptian spearmen in charge of a sergeant, and 
preceded by a Syrian and a Lybian as types of 
the army. One of the number is attached to 
the three standard-bearers as a guard. Below 
on the left is another armed escort led by a 
negro (?) bowman and a Syrian spearman (I. xv., 
III. xxxiv.) and four bearers of military stand- 
ards. The soldiers are very variously armed 
but the state of the wall leaves the weapons 
very uncertain in some cases, 

Those who carry shields for defence are 
probably also in every case armed with the 
spear. They are meant to meet spearmen, and 


* Iam in error in not placing fans in the left hand of 
the attendants in the lowest row of chariots in Plate xy. 


THE TOMB OF PANEHESY. 19 


carry a falchion in addition, so that they may 
not be defenceless when their spears have been 
hurled. Others have as arms the square-headed 
axe and the club. The position of the escort 
implies that it is attached to the royal chariot. 
The same may be said of the three foremost 
chariots, whose speed conforms to that set by 
the King and Queen. The anxiety in face and 
attitude of the official in the first car is comical, 
and perfectly justified, one would think, by the 
over-horsing of so light a vehicle. The official 
on the second chariot seems to be the secretary 
in attendance, for he carries on his shoulder a 
little box, such as would hold a scribe’s materials. 
The succeeding chariots, containing an official 
and body-servants, move at the slower pace of 
the princesses to whose train they belong. The 
posture of the six men of the police who run 
alongside is intended to show the action of 
running, and not the stealthy scouting which to 
our eye it suggests. 

As has been said, the objective of the ride has 
not been sculptured. Fragments, however, of 
the greeting crowd are seen at the top of the 
wall and in face of the advanced troop, and 
justify us in supposing that the lost design 
would have closely resembled that of Meryra. 


8.—Tue King AND QUEEN WORSHIPPING THE 
ATEN. 


North Wall. WestSide. Plates xx., xxvi. 
Cf. L’Hote, Papiers, xi. 31. 


This, the only sculptured scene on the N. 
wall, now presents a strange appearance, though 
one not infrequent in Egypt. Christianity has 
often thought to easily efface the pagan decora- 
tions by covering them with plaster and sub- 
stituting its own emblems. But the tenacious 
life of the painstaking work of antiquity has 
reasserted itself with time; and where the 
reappearance is only partial an incongruous 
medley of pagan and Christian symbols and 


portraiture results, which is often highly 


ludicrous, and is itself symbolic of the very 
imperfect victory of the higher creed in this 
early mission-field of the faith. 

The original scene showed the King and 
Queen making offerings to the sun. Akhenaten 
stands before two altar-stands, and uplifts an 
oblation arranged on a platter. It is a varied 
gift of bread, meat, fowl, and vegetables, topped 
by a flaming bowl. The latter would seem to 
be a lamp rather than a censer; for it appears 
to contain wicks or tubes from which the flame 
is fed.’ 

The Queen appears to be presenting a 
bouquet. The titulary of the Aten was written 
to the left of the disc, and there followed a 
series of cartouches, divine and royal, which 
filled the space between the sky and the cornice 
of the shrine (Plate iii.). 

The space under the main scene is occupied 
by figures of Panehesy, who holds a jar of 
milk (?), and of two attendants. The inscrip- 
tion commences with the usual panegyric of the 
deceased, “The royal acquaintance (?) beloved 
of his lord, the great favourite of the Lord of the 


two Lands, etc., Panehesy ...... possessor 
GE Lowers hi * ores... Varen-ra,. thy 
child”). 


The decorations on the Coptic plaster, which 
in places still clings to the walls and lends to 
the scene its bizarre aspect, have already been 
commented upon (p. 12). 


9.—NortH Portat. 
Plates xxi., xxvi. 


The form and decoration of the doorway to 
the inner chamber is of the kind already 
familiar. The cartouches on the lintel are 
arranged between a sky above and a mat below. 
(For translations of the prayers on the jambs 
and lintel see pp. 30, 31, 32.) 


' I do not understand the graffito on the loaf. 


20 THE ROCK TOMBS OF EL AMARNA. 


10.—A Royat Visir To THE TEMPLE OF THE 
ATEN. 

West Wall. Plates xviii, xix. 

Cf. L’Hoére, Papiers, xi. 30. (A sketch ; the altar is 
shown in Leéires Ecriies, p. 63.) 

We have here a subject which may be the 
same as that on the opposite (East) wall, but 
treated in a wholly different way. There the 
royal figures and their train were made so pro- 
minent that the temple to which they were 
bound was altogether omitted. Here, on the 
contrary, that building occupies the whole 
available space, and what was all-important 
there becomes here a mere accessory. Ob- 
viously economy has come into play, the subject 
being spread over the two walls with as little 
repetition as possible. Meryra, however, as we 
have seen, did not hesitate at the laborious 
duplication of the royal train, the palace and 
the temple. 

Here the escort of the royal party is reduced 
to a few soldiers and policemen, a charioteer or 
two, and a few groups of shade-bearers and 
attendants. The two troupes of female musi- 
cians are familiar to us already from I. xii. 
The royal family, accompanied by a few attend- 
ants, have entered the Court of the Great 
Altar, and are seen engaged in worship there. 
The three elder children assist in suitable 
ways: the King and Queen, standing side by 
side at the top of the steps of the altar, scatter 


fragrant spices on to the flaming lamp-bowls, | 


which crown the pile of offerings. A number 
of the priesthood assist ; the two who are pro- 
minent being perhaps Meryra and Panehesy, 


the High Priest and the Chief Servitor. The 
radiant sun which blesses the sacred building is | 


three times repeated, perhaps with significance 
(see p. 27). The following description of the 


building was in an advanced state, drawings of 
it may not yet have reached the portfolios of 
the decorators. Besides the three complete 
pictures in the northern tombs, the smaller of 
the two sanctuaries of which the temple was 
composed is shown in Tombs 3 and 5 and twice 
in the Royal Tomb, and an abbreviated copy of 
it seems given in-Tomb 1." The three prin- 
cipal views of the temple present it in as many 
aspects; in bird’s eye view from the front 


" 


” 
SANGTUARY OF HENDEN 


‘ 
” “" 
THE HOUSE OF REJOIOING 


JAVON WL 


| (L x.a), from the left (1. xxv.), and from the 
| right hand (II. xviii., xix.). If the tombs are 
supposed to be oriented east and west (which, 
| though far from being the case, is still the im- 
| pression of the natives), the temple is repre- 
| sented on the walls im six out of the eight 

occurrences in its actual orientation. The 


temple is drawn from the two pictures im the | 


tomb of Meryra, equally with that now before | 


us. 
The south group of tombs contains no repre- 
sentation of the temple whatever. Though the 


2 This fuller enumeration must replace thai in Pari I, 
| p. 29. The picture in Tomb 1 (Huya) will be referred to 
under IIT. ix-xi. (L. D. iii. 101, 102); that m Tomb 3 
(Abmes) under IIT. xxx.; that in Tomb 5 as Pentu. 


aa 


THE TOMB OF PANEHESY. 


remarkable correspondence in detail, which all 
the laxity exhibited by the artists does not 
invalidate, makes it plain that these are studied 
views of the great building. Though it cannot 
be claimed for them that they satisfy the re- 
quirements of architectural plans, in the main 
they present us with a clear and complete 
knowledge of the building. 

To facilitate references to the temple, it may 
be divided as follows. As there is no proof 
that any section of the building was roofed, 
its divisions have been merely termed courts. 
Roofed colonnades are shaded in the adjoining 
plan. 

A. Ambulatory. 

B. Outer Court with Greater Sanctuary, con- 

taining— 

. Court of the Great Altar. 

. Forecourt to the Colonnaded Court. 

. Colonnaded Court. 

. Forecourt to 5 and 6. 

. Fifth Court. 

. Sixth Court. 

C. Inner Court with Lesser Sanctuary— 

1. Portico of the Royal Statues. 
2. Corridor. 
3. Court of the Altar. 
4, Corridor. 
5. Adjoining Chapel (?). 

Tue AmpuLaTory.—The temple enclosure 
appears to have been surrounded, except on its 
frontage, by two high enclosing walls, parallel 
to one another and leaving only a narrow 
ambulatory or ward between them. To this 
ward there was admittance from without only 
at the two ends, where it met the frontage. 
The outer wall is drawn in the two sectional 
plans with a cornice (IL xviii., xix., and 
I. xxv., where the gaps are only to admit the 
hieroglyphs, etc.). This must signify a high 
corniced wall, not a roofed building. In I. x.a 
this cornice is not marked, as it should have 
been, at the back of the building, but instead 
there is a building extending beyond the wall 


rm OF DD Re 


aD Or 


21 


and affording a through passage from the out- 
side to the interior. The other plans, however, 
“show plainly that this building lay within the 
enclosing wall. Similarly, the door shown on 
the extreme left in I. xxv. can only indicate an 
entrance to the inner court from the ambu- 
latory, not from the exterior; for, apart from 
other testimony, it is unlikely that the security 
of the building would be weakened in this way. 
The narrow ward is represented in I. x.a as 
absolutely clear of encumbrance, and forming a 
passage round three sides of the building. From 
a side view such a passage would be plainly 
visible on the near side but almost invisible 
on the other. This natural aspect is reflected 
in both cases. In I. xxv. the corridor on the 
near side is faithfully shown at the bottom of 
the picture as‘a narrow blank space, to which a 
little door on the right admits. Its existence 
on the other side is only indicated by a similar 
doorway above (i.e. beyond) the great entrance- 
gates. In II. xix. it isnot indicated atall. The 
inner wall apparently was not corniced, but it 
stood quite free, being separated by an open 
court from the walls of the sanctuaries within. 
Tue Entrrance.—The area enclosed within 
the double wall was divided into two unequal 
parts by a partition wall which stretched across 
from one side to the other, the space nearest the 
entrance being by far the larger, ach of these 
two courts contained a sacred edifice: the outer 
being occupied by the temple proper, while the 
smaller space behind was reserved for a temple 
of the Royal Spirits, which I think may be 
identified with the “temple of the Benben.” 
The front wall of the sacred enclosure was 
single. It was pierced at the extreme ends 
by two tiny doorways which admitted to the 
ambulatory and to this alone, and in the centre 
| by the great gateway. “Pylon” it can scarcely 
_be called, for, whether with correctness or not 
the ruins unfortunately do not show, this and 
_all succeeding gateways are represented with 
| vertical sides. All the gateways in the building 


22 THE ROCK TOMBS OF EL AMARNA. 


are constructed after one pattern, differing only 
in size and the possession of a single or double 
set of gates.1 They consist of two solid cor- 
niced towers with jambs projecting from the 
inner face, between which double-leaved doors 
swing, their upper pivots secured by the heavy 
overhanging cap. 

Tur Outer Courr.—The entrance admitted 
immediately to an open court, in the midst of 
which the greater sanctuary lay, leaving a free 
space all round it. This was devoted to various 
purposes. Just within the gates to right and 
left (I. x.A) were two villas, the residences, no 
doubt, of officials of the temple. The plans, 
though inexact, show what were considered the 
essentials of such a dwelling. There is a large 
reception room, extending across the breadth of 
the house, its ceiling carried on several columns. 
Three inner rooms were accessible from it on 
the one side. The other and outer wall con- 
tained the entrance, and was shaded by a 
columned portico. According to I. xxv. it had 
also at one end the large balcony window with 
which we have been made familiar. On the 
left-hand side of the great gateway was the 
slaughter-house. Its purpose is unmistakable, 
for the artist has shown the carcase of the ox, 
the severed head, the flayed skin, the trussed 
birds, and the tethering stones. Along the 
whole length of the temple on both sides, the 
court is shown crowded with altar-tables, each 
accompanied by a lamp-stand. The tables are 
set out with loaves, a joint or two of meat, and 
a bowl of burning incense. Presumably they 
are offerings of private persons, which the 
priests were under contract to serve. At the 
back of the temple are seen eight oblong lavers 


or bathing tanks, and all the material for a 


? The artists by no means agree which entrances had 
additional gates. Meryra assigns them only to the door- 
way of the greater sanctuary, Panehesy to those of both 
sanctuaries, others to all the chief gateways. No further 
notice will be taken of this variation. 


ceremonial offering, a rite prescribed perhaps 
before entering the second sanctuary. Such an 
offering we see being made by the King before 
the gate of the greater temple (I. xxv.). 

Tue Greater Sanctuary. Tue Fagapr.— 
The entrance to this building was by a gateway 
immediately opposite the outer gate. It was 
an imposing structure, finding room on each 
broad face for five masts, from the high tops of 
which red pennants gaily fluttered” These 
masts were firmly secured to the towers by 
being passed through two rows of pierced stones 
projecting from the masonry, and by having 
their feet stepped in heavy pedestals. The 
passage was barred by two double-leaved gates. 
The inner one being high and unwieldy, a 
similar but smaller gate was set within its 
jambs, contracting the passage.’ 

Meryra’s artist indicates the open door by a 
free passage merely, but the other artists both 
by line and colour (deep ochre) show the leaves 
flung back against the wall, in a way which, 
in the case of double gates at least, is quite 
impossible. 

A feature of the pylon has been left un- 
noticed, viz. the eight columns, which in I. xxv. 
are seen between the flagstaffs on both sides, 
arranged in two tiers of four. This, however, 
is a mere architectural convention, signifying 
that a portico of such columns, two deep and 
four broad, ran along the frontage on both 
sides. This interpretation is furnished by the 
entrance pylon to the second temple. LElse- 
where it is shown asa pylon of this form, with 
two tiers of two columns; but in IJ. xxxiili. a 
side-view in perspective reveals that this 
signified to the initiated a portico of four 


° The evidence of the foundations, suggesting greater 
depth than breadth for this pylon, does not seem com- 
patible with the pictures and is in itself surprising. Can 
they be foundations for colossal statues ? (Purr, 7. A. 
§ 35.) 

3 L. D. ili. 243 shows such an arrangement for a door- 
way between pylons. 


THE TOMB OF PANEHESY. 23 


columns two deep extending along the facade. 
Unfortunately the device could also represent a 
colonnade on the inside of the wall. But in face 
of the above unmistakable explanation! we are 
obliged to apply it to the greater sanctuary also 
and imagine its frontage formed by a portico of 
columns, eight in line and two deep, broken by 
the entrance, and with the towers and masts 


reaching high above it in the centre. Such a 


unique facade we find actually portrayed in 
the building shown in I. xxxii.,’ which, indeed, 
may be a minor sanctuary built in general on 
the model of the great temple, but comprising 
only its first three courts, throwing these into 
one, and substituting an elaborate platform for 
the great altar of the Aten. 

THe Court or THe Great Axnrar.—The 
temple, though extensive, was very simple in 
arrangement, consisting of a succession of seven 
courts, each entered by a gateway in the axis 
of the temple. The first court seems to have 
been bare of adornment, three of its sides being 
occupied by a series of little chapels or maga- 
zines, each separate and of the same pattern. 
Shown in elevation as little pylon-like erections 
but in plan as mere cells, they must represent 
side-chapels or store-chambers open to the sky. 
The contents of the room are seen, not only 
through the open doorway, but, by fictionary 
drawing, through the front walls.’ A stand, 
piled with joints of meat and accompanied by 
a large water-jar or two, forms the unit of 
provision, and five or six such occupy each of 


' Yet III. xi. (L. D. iii. 102) perversely puts this 
colonnade of the second temple inside. II. xviii. also 
leaves the great pylon blank, suggesting that the portico, 
if there, was within. I. x.a shows an alignment of four 
columns only, perhaps by confusion with the second 
temple. 

2 Tn the illustration in Part I., p. 40, I set the first 
colonnade inside, but I now think that the elevation 
given in I. xxxii. must be taken as an exact picture of the 
facade. 

3 II. xviii. again refrains from adopting such a con- 
vention. 


the little magazines, The centre of the court 
is occupied by the great altar, probably four- 
square, like its earlier model at Deir el Bahari. 
It is set on a wider base, has panelled sides, 
a cavetto-cornice surmounted by a parapet 
sculptured with open lotus flowers, and finally 
a series of rounded castellations which serve to 
retain the offerings. To this altar a flight of 
nine (?) steps* ascends, guarded by a ramp. 
It ends, according to IIL. xviii, in a_ little 
platform, but this is probably only introduced 
as a convenient base for the figures of the King 
and Queen. The altar is piled high with joints 
of meat, fowl, bouquets, and bowls of incense. 
In I. xxv. it seems as if the space within the 
altar and under the steps was used for storage 
of meat-offerings, but more probably these are 
only sculptured on the sides. Near the altar 
are four erections, two of which appear to be 
lavers, divided into four basins each, corres- 
ponding to those at the gate of the smaller 
temple. The other two appear to be empty 
tables or slabs. Numerous subsidiary places of 
offering are also shown in this court. 

THe CotonnaDEeD Court.—The second court 
appears to have only been a forecourt to the 
third. It is occupied by small tables of offer- 
ing and magazines of the type just described, 
each artist depicting as many as his space 
admitted. The third court was colonnaded, 
but it is hard to realize the arrangement from 
the very diverse representations. The earliest 
picture (IL. xix.) gives a clear and natural dis- 
position, the back of the court being occupied by 
a colonnade of eight columns*® two deep (as on 
the facade). As the central passage is closed, 
not only by the gate of the court but also by a 
small gate flush with the outer row of columns, 


4 In I, xii. the altar is in plan, but the steps are shown 
by the colouring to be at once in plan and elevation. 
Seventeen steps are improbable besides. 

5 It is evident that the space below the apparent base 
of the temple does not show the court outside it, but con- 


_ tinues the representation of the interior. 


24 THE ROCK TOMBS 


it seems that this row was linked by a dwarf | 
wall (corniced), and it must be this that is 
shown like a pillar between the last column 
and the end (top) wall. A little three-roomed 
building is placed under the colonnade at this | 
end, and another close by it in the open 
court. 

The two pictures in Meryra’s tomb, however, 
show arrangements which differ considerably 
from this and partially from one another, but 
agree in the number of columns, Huya’s 
colonnaded court (III. x.; L. D. iii. 101), if 
identical with it, shows a greater divergence. 
While the first two pictures represent a 
colonnaded space which does not occupy the 
whole of the court, Huya’s court is completely 
colonnaded, the little door and the dividing 
wall having disappeared. The plans in Pane- 


uy Dy 
LE yym K rs Vt Gay 
Up ' Y Hy} 


Z “a 
Zy 


III. x. (L. D. iii. 102) 


LIBY> abr; 


Dex 


CoLONNADED CouRT. 


hesy and Huya (earliest and latest), though di- 
vergent, are both simple and in accordance with 
Egyptian architecture. Those of Meryra are 
themselves divergent and difficult to reconstruct 
intelligently. The simplest explanation is to 
suppose a complete change of this court during 
the interval, and that I. x.a and I. xxv. reflect 
either the progress of the change (or changes), 
or a compromise between the final form and the 
original plans. I suggest then, that after the 
court had been built with a simple colonnade 
of sixteen columns on one side, it was decided 
to turn it into a place of adoration of royal 


statues, with a colonnade round all four sides. 


If the plan in Huya’s tomb does not represent 
the court in question, we should still have to 
suppose a change in construction from the 8 by 
2 colonnade of II. xix. to one 6 by 4 (I. xxv.), | 


OF EL AMARNA. 


or 6 by 3 (I. xii.), with gaps in the inner rows, 
forming an irregular hypostyle hall within this 
court. 

Tue Remarninc Courts.—The fourth court 
only contains a few offering-tables and seems 
to be a mere forecourt to the succeeding two, 
which are furnished in an almost exactly 
similar way. A great altar (ascended by steps 


| in II. xix. ?) occupies the centre of each court 


and is piled high with varied meat and drink 
offerings, &c. Round the walls are sixteen 
little magazines,' each having its table and 
The vacant spaces of the court 
are set out with small altars, and with stands 


containing the materials, vessels, and vestments 


lamp-stand. 


used in the various ceremonials. 

With this court the end of this sanctuary is 
reached. In order to enter the building which 
lies behind, the suite of courts must be re- 
traversed to the gates and one of the side 
avenues taken. 

B. Tue Lesser Sanctuary. THE CourT.— 
The gateway to the smaller sanctuary lies at the 
back of the larger building, but in the same 
axis. In front of it are the offerings and lavers 
It admitted, like that of 
the first temple, to an open court, in the midst 
of which the building stood. The uses to which 
this space was devoted are manifest from the 
various drawings, which differ but little, and 
On the 
left hand of the gateway was a great stela set 
on a high pedestal and reached by a flight of 
steps oraramp. Of this stela, which may have 
been the “ Benben” (I. xxx.), we perhaps possess 
fragments found on the site, and showing figures 
of the King, Queen, and princesses.” By the side 
of the pedestal was a sitting statue of the King 
(coloured black in II. xix. ; oniitted in I. x.a; 
possibly accompanied by others in IIL. xxx.). 

By the side of the temple here were set, as in 


already mentioned. 


evidently follow a common exemplar. 


1 The number eight seems to be favoured. 
#-Prrsim, 224,833: 


THE TOMB OF PANEHESY. 


the case of the other sanctuary, a slaughter- 
house and a three-roomed villa (with two 
columns on III. xxx. ; with an official emerging 
in II. xix.). On the other side are shown 
several sets of offerings, each consisting of a 
table of beer-jars, a stool with a stand of offer- 
ings and a lotus-shaped drinking cup (?). The 
space on the right of the gateway is generally 
occupied by a choir led by a harpist. (I. x.a, 
I, xxv., II. xxx., and the Royal Tomb: per- 
haps destroyed in II. xix.). A second band, 
led by a player on the guitar, is shown in 


depicted with shut ‘eyes, indicating blindness. 
The menials of the temple are also shown in this 
courtyard, busy at their tasks; one sprinkling 
the yard with water, and another sweeping and 
gathering up the refuse, a third replenishing 
the offerings, others bringing animals for 
sacrifice. 

Tue Portico or THE RoyaL Statrues.—The 
entrance to the temple was by a great pylon, 
adorned like the first by a portico on the 
exterior, which is_ realistically shown 
I, xxxiii., but elsewhere by the strained conven- 
tion already noticed. The temple being less 
broad than the other has only four columns in 
In front of each 


in 


alignment instead of eight. 
pillar were placed standing statues of the King, 
holding the crook and fly-flap, and wearing the 
crowns of the South and of the North in the 
two rows respectively. Small female statues 
are shown accompanying his own (I. x.a, 
Ill. xxx.); from their size they might be 
ascribed to his eldest daughter Merytaten, who 
we know had a shrine in this temple,’ but 
more probably they are the Queen’s (cf. III. xi., 
xxx.). The statues of the King are sometimes 
shown of the stiff Osirian form; at other times 
as natural figures of a living King. It is a 


1 Suarpe, Egyptian Inscriptions, ii. 48. The inscrip- 
tion on this block suggests, too, that it is the base of a 
statuary group of the King and his daughter. 


25 


testimony to the fidelity of the picture that 
pieces of colossal statues of the King carrying 
these insignia were found on the spot by Pro- 
fessor Petrie.’ 

For the protection of these statues, no doubt, 
there was a walled forecourt, entered by a little 
gate, in front of and enclosing the pylon. Several 
tables of offerings are shown in it. The same 
protective purpose apparently was served by a 
flanking wall, which we find built out from the 
main edifice on both sides of the forecourt, so as 
to enclose a small space on all sides but the 
front. This addition is shown in all copies 


Royat Toms. DL S60: 


(with the cornice of the wall curiously indicated 
in II. xix., and perhaps also in III. xxx.). The 
little villa before-mentioned is set within the 
court so formed in III. xxx.; I. xix. also shows 
it occupied.’ 

A similar feature is shown in I. x.a, behind 
the pylon, and in I. xxxili, assumes a mysterious 
form. Theconstruction becomes plainin III. xxx. 
(supplemented by a less injured representa- 
tion in the Royal Tomb), and again gives evi- 
dence of anxiety for the safety of this sanctuary. 


2 Prrrip, 7. A. § 34. 
3 It must be due to injury that the pile on the altar here 
resembles a cow ! 


26 


It indicates two covering walls like those just 
noticed, the ends of which, instead of merely 
approaching and leaving a passage, overlap 
considerably, and so form a tortuous approach, 
by means of which the entrance could be 
easily defended or concealed. The drawing in 
L. xxxiii. harmonizes with this explanation, if the 
single covering wall there shown, furnished with 
a gate, falls within the corridor behind the 
pylon. That corridor then forms the second 
turn of the path. The visitor to the sanctuary, 
after passing the forecourt and pylon, was 


obliged to turn sharply to one hand down a | 
narrow passage, and as this itself lay within a | 


corridor, he had to double back before he could 
find an entrance to the inner rooms. 
in IJ. xix. also shows a very devious instead 


THE ROCK TOMBS 


OF EL AMARNA. 


entered by doors in both sides of the temple, 
and so could be easily patrolled. The true 


| entrance to this subsidiary building was by a 


’ 


door at the rear. In the tombs of Panehesy 
and Meryra it is furnished only with the smaller 
paraphernalia of worship. In III. xxx. the 
interior is left a complete blank. 

The question as to the identity of the elabo- 
rate building shown in Huya’s tomb must be 
reserved for the next volume. -There remain 
for discussion the terms under which the temple 
or temples of the Aten are referred to in the 
texts.* 

The references to the temple, other than as 


_ “the temple (per) of Aten” are as follows :— 


The copy | 


| Sanctuary of the Benben in the temple of Aten.” 


of a direct ingress, but omits the protecting | 


wall. 
Court oF THE AtTAR.—This presents much 


the same appearance as the 5th and 6th courts | 


of the outer temple, chapels or magazines being 
ranged round three sides, and the open space in 
the centre occupied by a great altar of offerings 


with the oblations. All the copies agree in 


(1) “‘ The splendid places which Pharaoh made in the 
2 
p. 36, Pl. xxx. 

(2) ‘The singers and musicians in the court of the 
Sanctuary of the Benben, and (in) every Shade of Ra in 
Akhetaten (?) ” [var., “‘ every sanctuary in Akhetaten ”]. 
L., p. 51, Pl. xxxvii. (where the rendering should be as 
above). 

(3) ‘ May she (the Queen) grant . . . . water and offer- 
ings in the Sanctuary of the Benben”’ [var. ‘‘in the 


| temple of Aten]. Pl. xxi., p. 32. 
and by smaller articles of furniture connected | 


allowing no entrance to the temple from the | 


rear.! 


THe Apsormsimnc SuHRivne.—There remained, | 


however, another building, outside the boundary ) sapempitlen fy ty os 


wall according to I. x.4, but within and joined 
to the back of the temple in all other plans; yet 
marked by all as independent of it.2 To safe- 
guard the sanctuary from violation under cover 
of this building, its rooms were separated from 


the temple by an empty passage (double or | 


treble according to IJ. xix.), which was only 


? Owing to injury the exact arrangement of the build- 
ings at the rear in I. xxxiii. and II. xix. is open to 
question. 

* The earlier plans of the temple ruins by Erpxam not 
only show the smaller sanctuary as a distinct edifice, but 
also this dependent building jutting out at the rear of 
it (ef. Li. D. i. 64). 


(4) ‘* May he (the King) grant. . . . an offering at every 
festival of the living Aten in the Sanctuary of the Ben- 
ben.” PI. ix., p. 31. 

(5) “ The elect who hear thy sweet voice (the King’s) in 
the Sanctuary of the Benben.”” Recueil, xv., p. 47. 

(6) «« Conducting Queen Tyi, to let her see her ‘ Shade 


(7) “The Aten . . in the ‘Shade of Ra’ of the 
os Dyi.” Le. Domi. 102: 

(8) ‘The Aten .... in the ‘Shade of Ra’ of the 
| Princess . . . . Merytaten . . in the ‘ House of Re- 
joicing’ of the Aten in the temple of Aten in Akhetaten.” 


) Queen mother . 


Ssarpe, Egyptian Inscriptions, ti. 48. (Brit. Mus. 
, 1000.) 
(9) “The Aten 22. ~ =i in the midst of the ‘ House-of 


| Rejoicing’ of the [Aten] . - 


J. Petnin, T. Al plas 
: . 


Further, in the stelae K and X, by the 
_ decay of which a complete story of the doings 
of Akhenaten at Akhetaten seems to have been 


3 The interesting article of Prof. Breastep on this 
| subject (A. Z. xl., pp. 106-113) only came into my hands 
| when this chapter was already in print. 


THE TOMB OF PANEHESY. 27 


lost to us, the King enumerates seven buildings | Tyi being led towards such a portico containing 
which he has made for the Aten:— her statues among others, it is almost certain 

1, “The Temple of Aten.” that “her sun-shade” is equivalent to “her 

2. “The [Sanctuary ?] of Aten” (a very short name). | colonnade.” Perhaps Merytaten also at a later 

“ A ae eae Sm egal tae date had a portico in this colonnaded court, 
island (?) ‘Aten, eminent in Erockraln” in ‘Akhetaten.” but this cannot be asserted, and the “House of 

5. “The ‘ House of Rejoicing ’” (in the same locality). Rejoicing ” remains unidentified. 

6 and 7. (Possibly not buildings, but dues, &c.) Since it is evident om the pictures that 

This is an imposing list for the few years? at “singers and musicians” had very special 
Akhetaten, but let us consider how many of duties in the courts of the second temple, the 
these represent separate buildings, quotation (2) above affords a strong proof that 

It is to be observed that both the Sanctuary that is the “sanctuary of the Benben”; to 
of the Benben and the House of Rejoicing are | S*Y nothing of the presence in that court 
“in the temple of Aten,” and the “Shade of of the only monument to which the word 
Ra of Merytaten ” is within the House of Rejoic- Benben can apply. This smaller temple must 
ing. The “Shade of Ra” of Tyi was also in have been the chief centre of worship. Here 
the same place, if Huya’s building is taken as 
an abbreviated picture of the temple. The 
finding of pieces of about seventeen royal 
statues at one side of the temple site, when that 
picture shows sixteen such statues on each side 
of the court, is a remarkable coincidence.’ 
Moreover, one fragment from the same spot 
bears the record, “the Aten . . . in the House 
of Rejoicing.” * 

What is “the Shade (or eee of Ra”? 
The meaning “spirit of Ra,” or “image of Ra,” 
is here inapplicable. In a religion which recog- 
nizes only the beneficent Sun a grateful shade 
could not be regarded as a conquest of the hos- 
tile action of the Sun, but must be attributed, 
however illogically, to the action of the Sun itself. 
The “sun-shade” then may have its natural 
meaning of a shelter from the sun’s heat and 
light, and as it is evidently applied here to a 
building, it must be a covered building. Pro- 
bably the only screened buildings in the temple 
of the Aten were the porticoes under which the 
royal statues were placed ; and as we see Queen 


| 

| are the singers and the servants. It is to this 

| alone that the King pays most of his visits. 
On the other hand, the offerings which are 
besought for the dead, and which seem to be 
granted from amongst those made to the King 
and to the Aten, are expected to come from the 
| sanctuary of the Benben. There also the 
King’s voice is most often heard and the festivals 
held, we are told. 

The “ House of Rejoicing ” signifies probably 
no more than a place of worship; for the cult 
of the Aten seems to have been specially marked 
by demonstrations of joy. “The House of the 
propitiation (sehetep) of Aten,” of which one 
May is steward,* is more likely to refer to some 
storehouse of the temple than to a sanctuary. 
(Cf L xxx.) 

The representation of the smaller sanctuary 
so often by itself shows that this was a perfectly 
independent part of the temple and of great 
importance. The addition to this of the 
colonnaded court of the temple in the tomb of 
Huya suggests that this also had a certain 
separateness, and it may not be fanciful to see 

} 
: 


a real go oe ere ae oy eet oneness in the three suns whese out- 
1 The date of the stelae is doubtful ; probably the fourth 
year (post-dated). 
2 Perris, T. A. § 34. 
3 Ibid, and pl. xii. 


4 Daressy, Recueil, xv. 41; cf. Perri, 7. A. p. 33, 
pl. xxii. 


28 THE ROCK TOMBS OF EL AMARNA. 


stretched arms mark off the house of the Aten, 
as it seems, into three parts (II. xviii, xix; 
less decisively in Pentu). Certainly the three 
divisions so made might well correspond with 
the three definite sanctuaries :— 

(1) “The Temple of the Aten” proper, viz., 
the enceinte and the court of the great altar. 

(2) “The House of Rejoicing,” containing the 
“ Sun-Shade ” of Tyi and comprising courts 3 to 
6 of the greater Sanctuary. 

(3) “The Sanctuary of the Benben,” coin- 
ciding with the smaller Sanctuary. 


PANEHESY. 


11. Tuickness oF Partition Wat. Plates xxii., 


XXVl. 

Cf. L’H6rn, Papiers, xi. 29 (reproduced in AM&LINEAU, 
Sépulture, pl. xcix., p. 644). 

Only the left side of the passage to the inner 
chamber is sculptured. Here a large figure of 
Panehesy (unnamed) is given, which by its 
marked difference from the conventional figure 
which has elsewhere stood for him, seems to 
be a real attempt at portraiture. The shape of 
the head shows us how consciously conventional 
the typical El Amarna head is, and how far 
from being founded on racial peculiarities or 
realism. It shows also that if Panehesy’s name 
has any racial significance it must be taken in 
its more general meaning “Southerner,” not 
“Negro”; for both he and his sister (Plate 
xxlil.) show the utmost contrast to the negro 
type. In front of Panehesy is a little female 
figure, in whom we may recognize his daughter, 
though she is unaccompanied by any inscription. 
It is the only tomb at El Amarna where a 
recognition of the deceased’s descendants is 
permitted. 


PANEHESY’s HousEno tp. 


Hast Wauu. Plate xxiii. 

Previous copies are :— 

Hay, MSS. 29,847, fol. 63. (inscription). L’Hérs, 
Papiers, xi. 29. Lupstus, D. iii. 91k, m, and Tezt, ii, 


p. 182 (inscription). 


SHRINE. 


With the exception of the tomb of Huya, this 
is the only case in which the walls of the shrine 
are decorated; and here the sculpture is con- 
fined to the East wall, where Panehesy and his 
household are shown sitting at table, con- 
formably to the use which this little apartment 
was hoped to serve for those buried in the 
tomb. 

We may gather from the scene that Panehesy 
was a widower with. one little girl, and allowed 
his house to be managed by his sister, who had 
been left a widow with two daughters. These 
all appear with him therefore in this banqueting 
scene, sitting together before a low table, which 
is spread with a blue table-cloth and various 
viands. Panehesy is seated on a slender leather- 
bottomed stool and his little daughter on a 
joint-stool at his side. ‘‘ His beloved sister, the 
house-mistress Abneba (Abka ?), miaatkheru,” 
sits behind her brother on a chair, her two 
daughters standing by her side. They appear 
from their dress and headgear to be older than 
their cousin. Akhenaten’s attraction to women, 
and the chance that made him father of a large 
family of daughters, may, not improbably, have 
strengthened the importance attached to the 
female line at his court, which flattered him by 
giving prominence to its women also. It may 
even have gone so far that on the monuments 
they ignored the existence of sons, as daughters 
were neglected in earlier times. 

A male figure in front of Panehesy offers a 
bouquet, that he may inhale its perfume. No 
name or description is appended; for the 
writing above him seems only to contain his 
pious wish, “His reward from the Aten (?). 
May he grant thee a good old age as to a 
favourite.” Over the head of Panehesy is 
written “‘Unto* the great favourite of Ua-en- 
ra, the Chief Servitor, etc., etc., Panehesy, maa- 


kheru.” The figure is apparently set there 


* Correcting to ww i t q| : 


THE TOMB OF PANBHESY. 29 


merely to suggest that ministration and inter- 
cession which Panehesy hoped to receive often 
within this shrine from friends and visitors. 
An enormous bouquet is painted on the wall 
behind this figure, more for decoration of a 
blank space than as part of the picture. It is 
repeated also on the door-cheek close by, and a 
border of similiar kind is traceable on the back 
wall, where scarcely a vestige remains of the 
seated statue of Panehesy, which once, no doubt, 
occupied the room. 

It need hardly be said that we know nothing 
more of Panehesy than may be gained from his 
titles in this tomb, and his possession of one 
of the few spacious tombs presented to the 
favourites of Akhenaten. His offices may fitly 
be collected here :-— 

(1) Chief Servitor of Aten in the temple of 
Aten in Akhetaten (passiin). 

(2) Servitor of the Lord of the Two Lands, 
Nefer-kheperu-ra, in the temple of Aten (Plates 
v6, ce. ye 

(3) Second priest of the Lord of the Two 
Lands, N., who giveth life (Plate ix.). 

(4) Intimate of the King (Plates viii., xx.). 

(5) Superintendent of the Granary of the 
Aten in Akhetaten (Plate iv.c). 

(6) Superintendent of the oxen of the Aten 
(Plate iv.d). 

(7) Chancellor of the King of the North 
(Plate xxi.). 

Panehesy seems, then, to have taken only 
second rank to Meryra in Akhetaten, and in 
view of the titles 5 and 6 we are probably not 
making a great assumption if we suppose that 
the lower half of the W. wall contained much 
the same scene as that which fills the space 
under the picture of the temple on the KE. wall 
of Meryra, viz. his reward for the.excellent ad- 
ministration of these two departments. Meryra, 
indeed, is there probably sharing the credit 
and reward of his subordinate’s successes; a 
share, however, which may have been due to 
him, 


C.—Tue Rericious Texts. 


1, Tur Longer PRAYERs. 
1. (Outer thickness. W. side. Plate vii.) 


«« An adoration of [Ra-Horakhti, &c.], who giveth life 
for ever and ever, at his dawning on the Eastern horizon 
[and] a propitiation of him at his setting on the Western 
horizon, Homage to thee! Thou dawnest in the sky 
and shinest in the morning’ on the horizon of heaven, 
coming in peace, the Lord of Peace. All mankind lives 
at sight of thee, the whole land assembles at thy rising ; 
their hands salute thy dawning.” 

(Said) by the Chief Servitor of Aten in Akhetaten, 
Panehesy, maakheru. He says:— 

««Praise to thee, my god who has formed me and 
dispensed good to me; he who fostered me and gave 
food to me and provided my goods by his ka;? the 
ruler who made me among mankind, who caused me to 
associate with his favourites, and caused? every eye to 
know me.* 

«« Thou didst bring me to the front from the rear,> making 
me powerful when I was of no account. All my neigh- 
bours® (rejoiced ?) because I became the favourite of 
him who did it (?). My city came (?) to me. I was 
supplicated (?) and grew great thereby (?), by a decree of 
the Lord of Truth.’ 

“T give praise to the height of heaven, I adore the 
Lord of the Two Lands, Akhenaten, the Fate who gives 
life, and is Lord of ordinances §, the Light of every land 
in whose time there is life, the Nile-god of the land of 
men by whose spirit one is fed, the god who maketh 


1 7 a) . 
Reading ee: ye Ak iN © » 2, For the 
whole salutation, cf. III. ii. and L’ Héte, Papiers, ii. 294 
(Pentu). 

2 The ascription of beneficent activity to the ka of the 
King is frequent in these tombs. A striking analogy in 
the Proverbs of Ptahhetep is noted in Perrin, Keligion 
and Conscience, p. 179. 

3 Reading i ee 

| sp 
4 The Plate is completed from L’H6re (vy. AMALINEAU, 


Sépulture, pl. lxxxiv.) 


“amas 2 EEDA 
6 Reading [J ‘S xia vp ZS (?) 
<u 


7 Reading i rate a Cf. L’Hérn’s copy) 


Wey eslei seis 


| Nee er 
8 See Plate viii. col, 12, 


30 THE ROCK TOMBS OF EL AMARNA. 


princes and formeth the humble, the Breath of all 
nostrils, by whom men breathe ! 

‘« For the ka of the Chief Servitor of Aten in the temple 
of Aten, Panehesy.” 


2. (Outer thickness. H.side. Plate viii.) 


‘«TAn adoration of the living Aten] and of the King of 
the South and North (here follow the two titularies of 
the King and that of the Queen). Praise to thee, O 
Ueqeen-1a no. esse se the whole [land]...... [they 
liver at seeing. theell, <4... 62), sys) slic, ocean vest re ts Te 
(column 7) . : . him thy favourite.” 

“‘(Said) by the great favourite [of the good god] * the 
Chief Servitor...... of Aten in the temple of Aten 
in Akhetaten, Panehesy. He says— 

««« Hail [each one in] Akhetaten who desires good 
fortune 8 (?). Relate to one another the benefits which 
my ruler did to me. He caused me to associate with 
princes and companions. J was promoted to praises (?). 
When I knew not the companionship of princes I was 
found to be an intimate of the King. His Majesty is 
Ra, who formeth the humble at his pleasure, and creates 
princes by his ka. (He is) the Fate who confers life, 
the Lord of wholesome ordinances. When he is appeased 
every land has joy, when (?)..... . is provided in 
the house of the King, power arises in the palace..... 
reward. The silent man becomes loud of voice‘ by his 
teaching (?), the possessor of daily favours. His body 
thrives at sight of thy goodness...... then others 
after me shall say ‘ How is the intimate of the King, 
the Chief Servitor of the Aten, Panehesy, prospered!’ ” 


2. Tne SHorter PRAyeErRs. 


1. (Plate vy. Lintel of 8. Door. Left side). 


EC Praises Raraeoi ou mankind [gives] praises (?) .... 
mankind. They live because of thy dawning. Thriving 
and firm of countenance is he who seeth thee; he in- 
creases wealth (?)° in the palace. 

‘“« Said by the Chief Servitor, &c., Panehesy.” 


‘Readines oe ae Sie 
* Reading jd HE <=> should have been 
NWA 


printed in the plate. 
3 Conjecturing tJ ——5 Uy (?). Cf. ceiling inscrip- 
tion, No. 3, Pl. xxi. ; 


4 Reading A ¥ | i |. 


5 Hmending to oo \ ‘S| as the first —».. is 
doubtful. 


2. (Ibid. Right side.) 


“Praise to thee, the living Aten, who illumines 
heaven and earth by his dawning, Lord of Eternity, 
Maker of Everlastingness. When he rises all the land 
is in joy. His rays produce eyes for all that he has 
created. Men say ‘It is life to see him ;. there is death 
in not seeing him.’ ; 

“ The Chief Servitor, &c., Panehesy maakherw.”’ 


3. (Plate xxi. Lintel of N. Door. Left side.) 


««¢ Praise to thee, the living Aten, Lord of that which 
is, Creator of that which exists. When thou dawnest 
all mankind live, their hands giving praise to thee ; 
the whole land gathers together at thy rising. Health ° 
to Ua-en-ra thy fair child. Give to him millions of7 
sed-festivals.’ 

(Said) by the Chief Servitor, &c. [ Panehesy ].” 


4, (Ibid. Right side.) 


‘«« Praise to thee, the Aten, [Lord] of Eternity, Maker 
of everlastingness, and (to) the ka of the King, who lives 
on Truth, Lord of the Two Lands, Nefer-kheperu-ra, who 
giveth life, my Lord who formed me, fostered me, gave 
me a happy life in the service of his ka.’ 

(Said) by the Chancellor of Lower Egypt, the beloved 
of the Lord of the Two Lands, praised daily by his 
Lord, the Chief Servitor of Aten, &c., Panehesy.” 


5. (Plate iv. Tablet of N. Column. Left side.) 


‘«¢ Praise to thee, the living Aten, Lord of Eternity, 
Maker of everlastingness. I give praise to Ua-en-ra. 
I propitiate the good ruler.’ 

‘« (Said by) the Chief Servitor, &¢., Panehesy.” 


6. (Ibid. Right side.) 


‘«¢ Praise to thee, the living Aten, who illumines the 
Two Lands with his beauty (and to) the ka of the King. 
Thou art Ua-en-ra, the son of the Aten. Life, prosperity, 
and health in the daily affairs of every day!’ 

“ (Said) by the Chief Servitor, &c., Panehesy.” 

The two prayers in the 8. column are too broken to 
be of use. 


7. (Plate xxi. Ceiling Inscription, 2.) 


“‘Praise to Thy ka [my] Ruler, Light (?)§ clothed in - 


love like the Aten, producing eyes for the land (so that) 


8 Conjectural reading iS ©. Cf. Plate vii. and 


I. xxxviii. The three inscriptions are so defaced that 


| the whole text is more or less conjectural. 


— 


- 


THE TOMB OF PANEHESY. 31 


they (the people) see by means of it!; their Nile-god | 
who makes them live (?), the Breath of life who hears 
the” desiven(2)i aes cmers 2) ae Nefer-kheperu-ra. Grant 
that my two eyes may see thee daily, my lord, and that 
Te mMayemorsiaten(outmbowtirm (2)... 5 2. sd woe 
There is life in the service of the lord; life is not in 
possessions. 
‘For the ka of the Chief Servitor, &c., Panehesy.” 


8. (bid. Inscription No. 3.) 


“The great favourite of the good god, the Chief 
Servitor, &c., Panehesy, maakheru, says— 

«« Ho! one and all who are in Akhetaten, desiring 
«5 AAS pamian [Relate] to one another the benefits which 
the ruler, my lord, did to me*; namely, that he gave to 
me gold from the daily bounty (?)......... whom 
his lord advanced (?) in rank,3 whom the King of the 
South made, and the King of the North fostered,* whom 
the Lord of the Two Lands made by his ka.’ ” 


Buriat Perirrons. 
(To be recited by visitors on behalf of the dead.) 
1—4, (Plate ix. South Door. Left jamb.) 


A seten dy hetep of— 

(1) Ra-Horakhti. 

“May he (the god?) grant® entrance with the right 
(conferred by) the Lord of the two Lands, advance- 
ment (?) in rank by his Lord,® and the accomplishment 
of his designs.” 

(2) Nefer-kheperu-ra. 

“ May he grant a term of old age, and. vigour of body, 


and that old age be decreed for thy relatives (?) ” 

(3) Akhenaten. 

“May he grant [a reception of the loaves]’ that are 
offered in the Presence, and purity of his hands at the 
prostration in the court.”’ 


} Reading _ ees | 
<> ae 1) Pee 

? Cf. prayer 2, p. 30. 

3 Cf. petition 1, below. 

4 Cf. Part L., p. 49. 

5 The ¢ inserted into the word in these four columns 


must be a blunder. Yet see ceiling inscription 3. 
Piz els 
6 Ibid. 


1 a pape > at yt Ol: petition 1, Part i, 


p. 53. The space is blank, the hieroglyphs not having 
been cut. 


(4) Nefertiti. 

«‘May she grant a laudation (?)% of the King in his 
house, my lord who forms, makes, fosters.” 

Close: ‘‘ For the ka of (the favourite of the Lord of 


_ the Two Lands) the Chief Servitor of Aten in the temple 


of Aten in Akhetaten, Panehesy.”’ 


5—8. Right jamb. 
Introduction. As before. 

(5) Ra-Horakhti. 

«May he (the god?) ® grant entrance and exit from the 
King’s house. May he (the deceased) be established, 
and his turn not fail (?), until he becomes amakh (the 
state of the rewarded dead) in the peace which the 
favourites of the Lord of the Two Lands enjoy.” 

(6) Nefer-kheperu-ra. 

‘«« May he grant a sight of the living Aten” at his rising 
and an adoration of him, and that he may listen to what 
thou sayest as (he listens to) his favourites.”’ 

(7) Akhenaten. 

“May he grant a reception of loaves, presented at 
every festival of the living Aten in the hall of the 
Benben.” 

(8) Nefertiti. 

«May she grant the entrance of favour and the exit 
of love," and a happy recollection in the presence of the 
King, and that thy name be welcome in the mouth of the 
Companions.” 

Close: ‘‘ For the ka of the Chief Servitor of Aten in 
the temple of Aten in Akhetaten (or, in cols. 2 and 4, 
‘‘the second priest of the Lord of the Two Lands, Nefer- 
kheperu-ra, who gives life”’), Panehesy, maakherw.” 


9—12. (Plate xxi. North Door. Left jamb.”) 


Introduction. ‘Praises to thy ka, Nefer-kheperu-ra 
(9 and 11), Akhenaten (10), Nefertiti’’ (12), with the 
proper titularies. 

(9) ‘‘ May he grant a happy old age and a journey 
with favours to the hill of Akhetaten, thine everlasting 
seat.” 

(10) ‘May he grant a long life, seeing thy beauty: 
may the sight of thee not fail any day.” 


: Supply iN » y (?). 


9 Or the King of the seten dy hetep, for on both jambs 
the requests are for court favours. 

” Note the rare determinative of Aten, a figure of the 
god Ra; but whether with the head of a hawk or a man 
is not clear. 

1 T.e. the entrée of an established favourite who never 
falls into disgrace. 

2 Tt will be noticed that these court favours, though in 
the gift of the King, would largely depend on the good- 
will of the Queen. 

% Consult the duplicate copies from both jambs in 
Part I., pp. 52, 53. 


32 THE ROCK TOMBS OF EL AMARNA. 


(11) “May he grant that thy offerings be abundant in 
thy tomb-chamber; may thy name’ be celebrated for 
ever and ever.” 

(12) “May she? grant a reception of loaves, that 
which has been offered in the Presence, a drink-offering 
and meat-offering in the sanctuary of the Benben.” 

Close: “For the ka of the great favourite of the Lord 
of the Two Lands (2 and 4 ‘his lord’; 3 ‘the good 
ruler’), the Chief Servitor of Aten in Akhetaten”’ (2 and 
4, ‘the Servitor of the Lord of the Two Lands, Nefer- 
kheperu-ra, in the temple of Aten”’). 


1 The sculptor has only half erased an error. 

* The later copy in Tomb 4 changes this to ‘‘he.” If 
this has been done because the address there is to the 
Aten as well as Nefertiti, it shows that the petition is to 
the god. 


13—16. (Ibid. Right jamb.) 

Introduction (as on the other jamb). 

(13) “ May he grant entrance of favour and exit of 
love, and a reception of the favours of the Lord of the 
Two Lands, the daily dues,” 

(14) “May he grant thy tomb of everlasting, thy 
seat of eternity: may thy name not be forgotten for 
ever.” 

(15) “‘ May he grant a good burial after [old age] and 
interment in the favoured burial-ground.” 

(16) ‘May she grant a pleasant recollection before 
the King, and his favour. .... . every day, and that 
the children of the house pour out libations for thee at 
the entrance to thy tomb-chamber.”’ 

Close: (as on the other jamb). 


33 


CHAPT Hii Ett. 


THE TOMB OF MERYRA lI. eee Qh oe alll ah). 


A.—ARCHITECTURAL FEATURES. 


Exterior (Plates xxviil., xxix.).—The position 
of the tomb has already been described (p. 3). No 
great labour was expended on the exterior. The 
bank of rock in which the tomb was excavated 
was low; and as it was cut back fora very short 
distance, the portal had to be correspondingly 
low, and unprotected by a cornice of rock. It 
has suffered severely in consequence, the sur- 
face being in most parts quite weathered away. 
Tt can just be seen that the jambs were inscribed 
in three columns. On the left the titulary of 
the Aten can be recognized, and on the right 
familiar phrases of prayer, such as “ grant him 
a duration like (Aten).” On the left these were 
terminated by the figure of the deceased and 
his prayer. (Plate xxix. -For a translation 
see p. 45.) 

Tue Hatt (photograph, Plate xlvi.).—This 
is the only tomb of the north group which has 
kept its columns intact, and the outer hall pre- 
sents in consequence a very pleasing aspect 
architecturally. The walls, too, owing to their 
unfinished and unpainted condition, present a 
cleaner surface and reflect the light freely. The 
columns which, conformably to the small size of 
the wall, are only two in number, support archi- 
traves parallel to the axis of the tomb, and 
decorated with a running inscription on the 


1 So called here in order to distinguish him from the 
chief priest of this name (Part I.). The tomb is No. 2 
(No. 6 of Lepsius). Cf. L. D. Test, ii., pp. 187, 138. 


outer side (Plate xxxvi., translation on p. 45). 
The ceiling between them is higher than at the 
sides, and slightly arched. The columns are of 
the type elsewhere used, and in appearance most 
nearly resemble those in the tomb of the other 
Meryra (I.ii.). In this case, however, the sheath- 
ing is not marked, the tablet is placed lower 
down and so as to face the incomer, and the 
heads of the inserted bundles of three stems 
each are shown in sculpture above the bands. 
Neither abacus nor tablet has received inscrip- 
tions. The entrance from outside has no fram- 
ing, but that to the second chamber is decorated 
with the usual portal, and the pediment above is 
adorned in paint with the usual series of car- 
touches and figures of the deceased at prayer (a 
short inscription lost ?). The top of the door- 
way has been broken away in order to admit 
more light to the inner rooms. This was done, 
no doubt, by later occupants, who have also cut 
a neat recess in the wall close by, and drawn 
two rough sailing-boats in ink. The west wall 
of the tomb is quite blank of sculpture or design. 
The north wall is also bare, except for the 
sculpture and sketch given in Plate xli. The 
pit found in this room is probably not con- 
temporary, and is sure to have been violated. I 
therefore left it uncleared. 

Tue Iyner CuamBers.—These are of the nar- 
row transverse pattern adopted for the corridor 


type of tombs. Two rock-cut architraves cross 


_the ceiling. A mastaba was left at the east end 


to receive the mouth of the burial shaft, but of 
this there is only the merest commencement. 
D 


34 THE ROCK TOMBS OF EL AMARNA. 


The shrine also is only partially hewn out, but it 
gives sign of the intended statue of the deceased. 
The doorway to the shrine was to have been 
furnished with a decorated door of the type 
shown in tombs 1 and 38 (III. xix., xxvi.); 


but it was only begun, even the jambs being | 


only marked out in paint. Here also a recess 


has been made in the wall close to the 
door. 

Tur Scurprure.—lf the sculptures in many 
places betray haste, the best parts show con- 
siderable powers of drawing the human figure, 
The arms 


and hands and Akhenaten’s lolling attitude in 


though those of animals are failures. 


Plate xxxii. are skilfully rendered, and even 
the rough execution of the crowded scenes on 
the east wall does not destroy this power 
(notably the groups of wrestlers and the leap- 
ing children in Plate xxxviii.). The technique 
is very poor, the final coating of plaster being 
allowed to fill up the outlines, so that only the 
larger figures are successful. Wilful injury has 
robbed us of many important fragments that 
Lepsius and others copied; and the upper parts 
of the walls, where the bats congregate, are 


almost’ destroyed by their agency. 


B. Tue ScuterurepD SCENES. 


1. Tue Prayers or Mrryra. 


The thickness of the outer wall. 

Previous copies are :— 

Hay, MSS. 29147, fol. 63 (name and titles only). 

L’Hore, Papers, iii., 290, 291 (from which the plates 
are restored). 

Lepsius, D. Tet, ii., p. 137 (name and titles). 


Plates xxx., xxxi, 


The walls are greatly damaged both by time 
and violence, but, thanks to Nestor L’Héte, the 
modern thefts are partially recoverable. It will 
be seen that the walls were already patched 
with better stone in ancient time. The figures 
show nothing distinctive. 
pp. 44, 45. 


For translations see 


9, Tur Kine at Home. 


South wall. 
graph). 

Previous copies are :— 

L’Horn, Papiers, xi. 9 (published in Amséuinnau, 
Sépulture, pl. xcy., and partially in Lettres Lerites, p. 66). 

Lepsius, D. iii. 980. 

Prisse, L’Art Hgyptien, ii., pl. xvi.’ 


West side. Plates xxxii., xlvi. (photo- 


The scene engraved on this wall has no very 
Its 
presence here is due to the curious practice of 
which 
should have occupied the walls of his own tomb 
throughout those of his courtiers. 


obvious connection with the life of Meryra. 
Akhenaten of dispersing the scenes 


As a result, 
instead of seeing the deceased and his family 
enjoying the burial provisions, or those earthly 
banquets which were to be the standard and 
pattern for post-mortem delights, it is the royal 
family whom we find at the richly furnished 
tables; while the deceased, as in life, serves his 
royal master. 
at all, it is relegated to the walls of his private 


If his own repast is remembered 


chamber, the narrow inner shrine. 

The King’s repast is not an infrequent subject 
in these tombs, but the scene here shown forms 
an especially charming picture of royal recrea- 
tion. Akhenaten sits in one of the kiosks, 
which were an indispensable part of an Egyp- 
tian garden. The light roof is borne on columns, 
the sides being left open. It was a pleasant 
custom to hang the ceiling of these garden pavi- 
lions with flowers and foliage, and this habit 
passed into a decorative device. Here we see 
nature and convention united; for while sprays 
hang from the roof-beam in all the irregularity 
of nature, the alternating bud and flower of the 
lotus form part of the carved design. The 


stiffly arranged bouquets which are mixed with 


‘ T wish to modify my description of Prisse’s drawings 
at HE] Amarna as reproductions of the plates of Lepsius 
(I., p. 4). They seem to have been originally indepen- 
dent drawings, often superior to Weidenbach’s in detail, 
but Prisse, or his editor, has added to the plates every 
additional feature found in the Denkmdler, and so has re- 
produced every inaccuracy of that edition, 


THE TOMB.OF MERYRA IT. 35 


the sprays show the transition from nature to 
art. 

The columns of the kiosk show one of those 
elaborate patterns which are known to us only 
in picture, no.examples having survived. This 
is natural; for the open-work design of the 
capitals, often representing, as here, the open 
flower, could not be executed in stone, and was 
not, so far as we know, in metal. It must then 
have been of wood, and very fragile at the best. 
That shown here is a papyrus column of very 
peculiar shape. ‘The shaft is solid, and has the 
peculiar contraction at the foot, where the 
sheaths of the papyrus are seen. But similarity 
to the ordinary type ends at the neck, where 
the shaft is abruptly cut off and furnished with 
a kind of abacus. On this rests an open-work 
design representing three open papyrus-heads 
on slender stems, which gain the needed support 
by being attached to the interior rim of a ring. 
(This we must suppose to lie in a horizontal 
plane, not as in the picture, where the two very 
different forms given to it show how subjective 
the representation is.) To the outer rim (?) of 
this ring or disc are fastened three pendant 
ducks and as many bunches of lotus, which, 
while appearing to hang from it, form a clever 
means of support.’ 


The motive seems to be taken from the sports- | 


man’s shelters, hastily constructed in the marshes 
from the abundant material found there, and to 
the pillars of which (made also of papyrus), the 
birds which had been secured were naturally 
hung; hence the strange combination. The 
attempts of Akhenaten’s artists to escape from 
current conventions, or their imperfect training 


1 The rough execution of the scene has led Weiden- 
bach and L’Hote to a curious misrepresentation of the 
capital. Prisse gives it correctly, but elaborates it in 
plate xviii. of his first volume, as is his wont. I may 
add here that I found Max Weidenbach’s signature on 
the east wall of this tomb under the scene which he 
copied there, dated ‘‘d. 14 Juni 1845.” 


in them, often resulted in forms still more false 
to nature and devoid of grace. This is one of 
their least happy innovations. Equally regret- 
able are the substitution of three loose sashes in 
place of the tight bands under the capital, and 
the attachment of ribbons to the ring of the 
capital. This feminine impulse to beribbon 
everything without regard to fitness is very 
noticeable under Akhenaten, and may easily be 
paralleled in our own times as the distorted 
echo of a real movement towards naturalistic 
art, 

Akhenaten sits under the shelter of this light 
pavilion, or rather he lolls in that attitude of 
slack repose which his artists seem to have 
judged to be characteristic of him, in a cushioned 
chair (again with irritating drapery round the 
carved legs), his feet resting on a soft footstool. 
The Queen, “living and healthy for ever and 
ever,” and her little daughter, no less than the 
officials of the household, are assiduous in minis- 
tering to all his pleasures. He has already in one 
hand a few flowers from the plentiful supply 
which little Ankhes-en-pa-aten has brought. 
The other hand holds out a shallow patera, 
which the Queen fills with some choice bever- 
age from a little jar, filtering the liquid through 
a strainer as she pours. His eldest daughter, 
Merytaten, stands at his knee, offering some 
additional gratification,” and Meketaten (?) 
brings the cap of ointment (?) for the head 
(frilled, like everything else). 

It may easily have been that at such enter- 
tainments Meryra performed the office of 
chamberlain, receiving the viands from the 
servants and tasting them before presenting 
them to the monarch. At any rate, in the un- 
finished scene which is appended predella-wise 
to the main group, an officer appears to be dis- 
charging this function. 
him on pedestals near a high lamp-stand (?), and 
he is taking a large goblet from the hands of 


Two vessels are before 


? Not from a bag: this is the end of her father’s sash. 


36 


a servant. Here, too, are shown the musicians 
of the harem, who divert the King with music. 
These female performers, six in number, are all 
furnished with stringed instruments, two play- 
ing the harp of seven strings, two the lyre, and 
two the lute (or the viol with the bow ?). 

The picture is framed in the familiar border, 
the blue sky stretches above, and the free space 
under the ceiling is filled in with coloured 
bands. 


3. MnryrA REWARDED BY AKHENATEN. 


South wall. Hast side. Plate xxxiii. (comprising 
Plates xxxiv. to xxxvi.) and xlvii. (photograph). 

Previous copies :— 

L’Hoérr, Papiers, xi. 15 (published in Ammnineau, 
Sépulture, pl. xciv., p. 634); ui, 180, 131, and Lettres 
Eicrites, p. 70 (captives only). 

Lepsius, D. Text, ii., p. 138 (Princesses’ names). 


The scene on this wall is that repeated on 
almost every tomb of El Amarna that offers 
scope for it. The bestowal of golden necklaces 
and other costly articles of dress or plate (dishes, 
goblets, cups, gloves, signet-rings, bracelets, 
fillets, &c., in L. D. ii. 103, and perhaps even 
gold itself in L. D. ii, 106) was the traditional 
proof of royal favour. Except in special cases 
the scene of this presentation is the verandah of 
the palace. The building may be altered by 
omissions and rearrangement, but the essential 
features are always the same, and point unmis- 
takably to a single impression on the memory 
of the artist (see Part I., pp. 23-25, 41). 
Generally only the verandah or only the facade 
of the palace is shown, but wherever there is 
space some part of the interior is added behind. 
In the tombs of Ay, Tutu and No. 7 the whole 
complex of the royal establishment is depicted ; 
even, in the case of the two first, in duplicate." 
Here the space was desired for the princesses ; 


yet the artist has managed to place one of the 


‘ Partially in L. D. iii, 106a (one-half was never cut) 
and 109, 


THE ROCK TOMBS OF EL AMARNA. 


store chambers at the top of the picture, and so 
indicate the palace interior by sample. Above 
the serpent-crowned framing of the balcony are 
seen the four columns which support the roof, 
and, to the right, the two columns of the porch. 
The two doors underneath seem to be the side- 
doors of the facade, placed there for conveni- 
ence.” The ascent to the balcony is not shown, 
though the doors are some distance from the 
ground. 

The decorations on the framework of the win- 
dow correspond, in the main, to that shown in 
Divine and royal cartouches and titu- 
laries within variegated borders make the sur- 


Les 


face rich with fine detail and bright colours. 


The panel of the front, which is usually filled 


by a geometric design (I., vi.; III., xvii.), is here 
filled with a characteristic Egyptian design, the 
faint ink of which is only partially recoverable.* 
On the 
right of it is a clump of the plant of the South, 
growing in the fields (or on trellis-work ?) while 


In the centre is the sam sign of union. 


on the left, a group of papyrus stems, the plant 
of the North, springs from the clods. Some of 
the stems grow up straight, others bend over 
and meet them flower to flower, and yet others 
fetter the necks of captives; of whom there are 
three on each side. The captives bound by the 
plant of the North represent races of the North 
(three different types ?). Similarly those on the 
right belong to the negro races of the South 
(cf. Plate ii.). The design thus combines two 
ideas; the union of the two Hgypts and the 
subjection to each of its neighbour races. ‘he 
captives walk on tiptoe, whether in indication 
of their half-throttled state, or whether, like 
Agag, they walk delicately in apprehension of 
the worst. 

The interest of the royal family in the reward 
given to one, who as superintendent of the 


* The space between has been cut away in ancient 
times, as if on account of something objectionable. 
Ota Lisl OO; 


THE TOMB OF MERYRA II. 


Queen’s household was so well known to them, is 
made evident. The King, who from the balcony 
hands down the necklaces one by one to Meryra, 
receives them from the hands of the Queen; she, 
in her turn, having been supplied with them 


by the princesses Merytaten and Meketaten. 


Their younger sisters, Ankhes-en-pa-aten, 
Nefer-neferu-aten the younger, and Nefer- 
neferu-ra are also present.' Very little exagge- 
ration has been shown in the drawing of these 


childish figures; far from being flaccid, they | 


are notably thickset and sturdy (Plate xlvii.). 
The King’s sash is richly worked, as in I. xvii. 
The ties at his breast seem to indicate some 
upper garment too thin or close-fitting to be 
represented. The triple sets of armlets which 
Ankhes-en-pa-aten wears are only uncommon 
because this painted detail has so often perished. 
The thick cushion of the balustrade is uphol- 
-stered in red, with diamonds of blue and another 
colour, 

In the courtyard of the palace (Plate xxxv.), 
one of the outer gates of which is seen in the 
right-hand top corner, are assembled the King’s 
train, two royal chariots, and the indispensable 
scribes and attendants of Meryra. This official 
himself stands in the porch close under the 
balcony, and receives a great double necklace 
from the hands of the King to add to the two 
which are already upon his neck. Three scribes 
are busy making entries of the gifts.” It will 
be noticed that the ancient Egyptian servant, 
like the modern fellah, was wont to save his 
precious shoes from wear as much as possible, 
carrying them with him merely for use when his 
foot-soles gave out. 

The group of foreigners (ambassadors?) is 
interesting for the variety of dress and head- 
gear which they exhibit. Unfortunately, the 
painted detail is imperfectly preserved. The 


37 


picture of the bearded Semite with a heavily- 
fringed garment wound round and round his 
body in graceful folds, and secured round the 
waist by a broad girdle into which a hand- 
kerchief (?) is tucked, is unmistakable. The 
negro tribesmen wear the white jibbeh with red 
sashes and belts, or else tunics from which one 
It is 
impossible to say if the men in the topmost 
register carry weapons or only wands of office.’ 

The dado (Plate xxxvi.) shows, as usual, the 
by-incidents of the scene; in this case, the 
return of Meryra to his home, and his acclama- 
tion by the household there. The lowest register 


or more real or imitated tails dangle. 


shows Meryra arriving at the gates in his 
chariot, his neck laden with the king’s bounty. 
Men and women have come out to meet him. 
The former raise their arms and applaud the 
new fortunes of their master; the latter, form- 
ing into a choir, dance, beat cymbals and wave 
branches. 

Above this is shown the next movement in 
the little drama. Meryra has passed through 
the gates and, on descending from the chariot, is 
again saluted with exuberance by his servants. 
Unable to contain themselves, they dance and 
shout, and one falls on the ground to kiss his 
master’s feet. 
acclaim: the grooms show a more practical 


Even the charioteer joins in the 


devotion, and are already busy rubbing down 
and feeding their charges. 

Meanwhile the servants bring the whole 
bounty of the king, set out on tables, that 
Meryra may see its full extent. 
grand repast, sent from the royal kitchen. 


It includes a 
The 
picture which we gain here of the villa of an 
official of Akhetaten is interesting. It is shut 
in from the outside world by enclosing walls 
and a high gateway, in front of which two trees 
have been planted. The space immediately 


™ The names are now destroyed: they are completed 
in the plate from L. D. Tewt, ii. p. 188. 

2 For details of the chariots and trappings see Part L., 
pp. 26, 27. 


3 Red hair is observable here and in other tombs, but 
T am inclined to think that it is due everywhere to the 
disappearance of the black pigment, which generally 
fades first and leaves the red of the preparatory sketch. 


38 THE ROCK TOMBS 


within the gates is pleasantly laid out, date- 
palms, alternated with shade-giving trees, being 
set in rows on both sides of a T-shaped tank. 
A gateway in a cross-wall (shown in section) 


admits to another courtyard, at the-back of | 


which is a small building. The walls carry no 


roof, and the gateway also implies an open | 


enclosure: yet the porch and the contents 
Behind this 
again is seen a fragment of the harem; whose 


within suggest a ceiled room. 


occupants, not being permitted to share in the 
demonstration outside, are giving themselves to 
The 
building above represents the main building, 
containing the dining-hall. The staff of ser- 
vants is cleverly suggested by the house-boy, 


dancing and mirth within the walls. 


who leisurely sprinkles the floor with water 
from a jar, and the bawwdb (doorkeeper), who 
has nothing to do but lean idly against the 
door-cheek and gossip. 


4, Tue TriputTe oF THe NATIONS. 


East Wall. 
xl.) and xlyii. 

Previous copies are :— 

Hay, MSS. 29,814, foll. 47, 48 ; 29,847, fol. 64 (inserip- 
tions). 

L’Hore, Papiers, xi. 3 (published in Amuxinzau, 
Sépulture, pl. xevi., p. 638). 

Lepsius, D. ii. 996 (pavilion only). 


Plates xxxvii. (comprising Plates xxxviil.- 


The scene on this wall not only is new in kind 
and manifestly records an historical event, but a 
descriptive note and a date are appended to it. 
The one, it is true, is brief and very bald, 
and the other too*broken to be reliable; but 
fortunately there is in the adjoining tomb a 
second, though very differently treated version 
of the same or a similar occurrence, the dating 
of which is clear, and agrees with what remains 
of the numbers here, 
follows :—" 

“Year [twelve, second month of the winter 
season, eighth day] of the King of Upper and 


The inscription is as 


* Reversed by accident in the revised copy on Plate 
xxix, 


_ of life. 


OF EL AMARNA. 


Lower Egypt, living on Truth, Lord of the Two 
Lands, Nefer-kheperu-ra, Son of the Sun, living 
on Truth, Lord of [Diadems], Akhenaten, great 
in his duration, and the great wife of the King, 
his beloved, Nefertiti, living for ever and ever, 
His Majesty appeared*?.on the throne of the 
Divine and Sovereign Father, the Aten, who 
lives on Truth; and the chiefs of all lands 
brought the tribute*........ praying favour 
at his hand (?) in order to inhale the breath 
The inscription in the tomb of Huya 
records the event as the bringing of tribute 
from Kharu and Kush (Syria and Ethiopia), 
the Hast and West, and the islands of the 
sea; a description probably more rhetorical 
than exact. 

The scene is cleverly set out. The King, 
drawn to a large scale, sits enthroned in the 
middle of the picture, accompanied by his 
family. On the right the tribes of the South 
(Plate xxxviil.), on the left the nations of the 
North (Plate xxxix.), approach the platform 
humbly. The dado (Plate xl.), shows the 
foreground—the crowd on this side of the 
pavilion, The canopied platform on which the 
King sits to receive the gifts is similar to several 
shown on these tombs, and yet cannot be identi- 
fied with any of them (Pl. xxxii.; I. xxxi.; 
III. xiv.); for the light columns here are as 
unique as those on the south wall (Pl. xxxii.). 
They carry a triple capital, formed by the 
papyrus, the lotus (?), and the lily, super- 
imposed one upon the other in an ungraceful 
combination.* The royal pair sit on cushioned 


2 Conjectural reading eX ) : 


8 Beadi 1 1 Oo eae l 
acne | ST oo te 

SARE a |S ae ae 
foviO.---.. => opiaaas 


oe aa @° The word might mean “gift” 


merely, but, in view of the scenes, forced gifts must be 
meant. 

4 The capitals are very roughly cut, and their shape is 
somewhat indeterminate. 


THE TOMB OF MBERYRA II. 39 


chairs side by side, with their feet resting on 
double hassocks. Even at this public appear- 
ance before men of foreign nations their atti- 
tude to one another is still most amatory. The 
Queen has her right arm thrown round her 
husband’s waist, and her left hand reposes in 
his. So much is perceptible ; but the bodies of 
both have been almost erased from the hips 
upwards in ancient time, As usual, all but the 
bare outline of the farther figure was covered 
by the nearer. 

Six princesses are shown, a number greater 
than is found elsewhere. The new comers are 
Nefer-neferu-ra, whom we have already seen on 
the south wall, and Setep-en-ra. The pretty 
groups have been injured by time and ruined by 
thieves, but the names and attitudes are pre- 
served in several earlier copies and squeezes.’ 
Meketaten turns her head to her sister, and so 
shows us the side without the hanging lock. 
Attracted by the smell of a persea-fruit (pome- 
granate ?) which Ankhes-en-pa-aten is holding 
to her nose, she is stretching out her hand for 
another which is in her sister’s right hand. 
Nefer-neferu-aten seems to be holding up a tiny 
gazelle, and her sister behind has a similar pet 
on her right arm, which Setep-en-ra is tickling. 
Both hold flowers in the other hand. The 
different ages of the children is not indicated 
by their height or demeanour. As Setep-en-ra 
does not appear on the south wall, it may be 
that she was born during the decoration of the 
tomb, about the fourteenth year of the reign. 
Three nurses of the children stand by the side 
of the platform. 

The titulary of the sun above contains some 
indecipherable additions to what is usual (per- 
haps “in the great desert of Akhetaten” on the 
left), | 

In front is depicted, in six registers, the 
bringing of gifts by negro tribes of the South, 
and though the picture does not convey the 


‘ The additions to the plate are from L. D. iii. 990. 


idea of a spontaneous and unforced payment of 
tribute, this may be a mistaken impression. In 
the topmost register are specimens of the gifts. 
On native initiative and artistic impulse, appar- 
ently, the tribute of the South was wont to be 
made more presentable by the inclusion of set 
pieces, which were sometimes very complex and 
even, in a barbaric way, picturesque (cf. L. D. 
ill, 118). One of the commonest and simplest 
methods was to decorate a yoke with skins and 
tails of animals, and with rings of gold sus- 
pended in long chains or sewn on a foundation 
of skin or cloth. These hung from the yoke, 
while a row of ostrich feathers adorned the 
upper side. One such pole is seen resting on a 
stand, and two others are being borne by 
negroes, 

A second trophy, of which an example is seen 
here, takes the form of a representation of the 
dém palm, presumably in precious metal. In 
L. D. iii. 118, also, it is set in a basket, but here 
the blocks (ingots of silver?) instead of being 
built into an elegant pyramid are merely placed 
in two rough piles. Behind these trophies are 
seen trays holding ingots (?), bags of gold dust, 
and rings of gold; also shields, bows, and 
arrows, &c. Below, similar gifts are being pre- 
sented by negro chiefs, from Wawat or Mam in 
Ethiopia, to judge by their dress (cf. Plate xxxv. 
and L. D. iii, 118). Ivory, and the eggs and 
feathers of the ostrich, form part of the tribute, 
and the Egyptian love of animals is gratified by 
the inclusion of tame leopards, a wild ox (?), and 
an antelope (?). 

In the third and fourth registers we see 
prisoners taken in a raid, or perhaps slaves as a 
natural item of the tribute. About a dozen 
male negroes are being dragged forward by 
ropes tied.round their necks and fettering the 
wrists also. Half that number of women are - 
being led in the same way, except that their 
hands are left free. Each is accompanied by 
three or four children, the elder ones led by the 
hand, the youngest one or two carried in a 


40 THE ROCK TOMBS 


pannier which rests on the back, but is supported 
This 
seems to have been a custom general among 
several tribes (cf. NewBerry, Beni Hasan, ii., 
plate xlv.; Witxrnson, Manners and Customs, 
i, p. 272). 

The next register exhibits a war-like scene, 


by a band passing round the forehead. 


but as weapons are absent, it is to be interpreted 
as a series of athletic exercises by the troops, 
who show their prowess in this more pacific 
The sports are of three kinds, wrestling, 
In the first competi- 


form. 
singlestick, and boxing. 
tion, two out of the eight combatants have 
thrown their men, who lie helpless on their 
backs as dead. Two of the contests are still 
being stubbornly disputed, though the victors 
can be easily foretold. The execution of these 


scenes is very rough, but their vigour is 


unmistakable. There are only two rivals in 
the fencing, and one of them has already re- 
ceived a decisive blow on the head. Of the 
three sets of boxers, one pair is still struggling 
for the victory, but the victors of the- other 
rounds are already jumping for joy and loudly 
proclaiming themselves. 

Meanwhile Meryra (?) and four other officials 
are humbly ascending the platform to present 
themselves to the King. They are followed by 
their shade- and fan-bearers, and by others who 
may be a select body of the troops which took 
part in the expedition, or formed the escort to 
the mission. In the midst the street boys give 


unrestrained expression, after the manner of 


their kind, to their delight at the whole pro- | 


ceedings (cf. Il]. xiv.; L. D. iii. 104). A little 
group also shows proleptically the intended 
decoration of Meryra with the double necklace. 
Honours appear to be reserved for his com- 
panions also; for as many necklaces are dis- 
played on stools, and the closed coffer may also 
contain something more in the way of reward. 
On the left of the platform (Plates xxxix. and 
xlvii.) the peoples of the North (our Hast) are 
seen. 


Those in the six registers immediately | 


OF EL AMARNA. 


behind are evidently Syrians, to whom the 
Egyptians applied the loose term etnu.. 
Nearly all have the bushy hair and full beard, 
and the robe wound in several turns round the 
body from ancles to neck. Some, however, 
have the head shaven, though the beard is long ; 
—a type which Professor Petrie classes as 
Amorite. 

At the top of the picture we see a large part 
of the gifts grouped, consisting of those weapons 
of war which their Syrian campaigns had taught 
the Egyptians to prize and use. There are 
bows and quivers (?), falchions and daggers (?), 
spears, shields, coats of mail (?), and a chariot, 
with its two horses. 
presents in the hands of men of the Retnu. 


Beneath, we see other 


Three young girls who form part of the tribute 
are pushed forward in front, as likely to win 
favour for the rest. The kneeling figures in 
this and succeeding rows show, no doubt, the 
leaders of the embassy.' Among the gifts here 
are a metal vase, a casket, an elephant’s tusk, a 
bow and arrows, and three animals, an antelope,” 
an oryx, and a lion. In the next row nine 
captives or slaves are led forward by Egyptians ; 
their hands are fettered by handcuffs. The two 
vases shown here may have had ornamental 
covers (Hay credits the shorter with a panther’s 
head), but the state of the wall prevents the 
exact forms of the vessels on it being ascertained 
with accuracy. 
The next register seems to show a separate 
deputation, perhaps from the land of the 
Amorites. Their gift comprises two maidens, a 
chariot and pair, and various vases of fine work- 
manship, including a mounted trophy with the 
head of a lioness on the lid. The lower two 


registers may show still another tribe of the 


1 These figures often seem to have had their hands 
amputated, and though this would be quite credible in 
prisoners of war, it is rather to be set down to clumsy 
drawing and decay. The wall seems to have suffered 
since the early copies were made. 

? A stag, according to L’ Hote. 


THE TOMB OF MERYRA II. 


Retnu, but there are no means of distinguishing 
it. Their gift consists chiefly of vases in fine 
metal work. Besides these, there are two ante- 
lopes, and a file of slaves, including women and 
children. 

The enumeration of the tribes of the north 
who presented tribute at this time is continued 
in the long registers below, perhaps with this 
difference, that there is no longer any show of 
force, but a much greater likeness to embassies 
of peace. 

In the topmost of these three rows (PI. xl.) 
a small deputation of seven men is seen, who 
are clothed simply, and much after the Egyp- 
tian fashion. ‘Their offerings are of an equally 
simple nature, and clearly from a fertile, but 
not a manufacturing land. Thereare calves (or 
calf-shaped metal weights), piles of grain or 
incense shouider-high, which two men are 
measuring up, and precious metal (?) formed 
into a flattering imitation of the two character- 


istic Egyptian structures, the pyramid and the 


obelisk. It seems certain from these offerings 
that they are sent from the land of Punt,’ its 
people being grouped here with the northerners 
as a non-negro race. 

The next embassy is as plainly that of a 
desert population. The eggs and feathers of 
the ostrich are all they have to offer. Their 
flowing, open mantle, and the side-lock, and the 
feather in the hair proclaim them to be Temehu 
or Lybians. 

While the dress of the remaining nation marks 
it out as Syrian, the queue into which the hair 
is drawn behind indicates the formidable Kheta 
(Hittites ?) of the distant north. So far, how- 
ever, from appearing as members of an invading 
horde, the elaborate and tasteful metal-work 
which they have to offer, as rich no doubt in 
material as in form, betokens the highest 
civilization. 

When we seek a more definite origin for 


1 Cf, Vinny, Rekhmara, pl. iv. 


41 


these vessels by a comparative study of the 
metal-work of Syria we find it a difficult task, 
though vessels of similar types are often seen 
on Hgyptian monuments.” They are generally 
attributed there to the Retnu, a term which at 
its loosest could cover all Syria; for to the 
Hgyptians, as to us, these racial names were 
largely only rough geographical distinctions. 
The vase, adorned by a bounding bull, as well 
as that in which the full-faced head of a bull 
with a disc between the horns forms the cover, 
is seen in the tribute of Rameses III. at Karnak, 
where they are attributed to the Retnu. Hit- 
tites, however, are seen to be included there 
under this name. In the tomb of Rekhmara, 
where a more careful classification is to be 
looked for, the finely-chased vases with richly 
ornamented rims are put in the hands both of 


the Keftiu (Cretans ?) and of the Retnu; but 


the use of animals, or animals’ heads, as orna- 
ments, and the more elaborate creations, are 
assigned to the Keftiu. Amongst them are 
pieces which are almost duplicates of the heads 
of the ox and the lioness found in our picture. 
The long-necked lipped jug here brought by 
the Kheta is carried both by Keftiu and Retnu 
elsewhere. 

Where, then, was the centre of this cultured 
manufacture? The answer may be supplied 
by a scene in a Theban tomb,’ where the chiefs 
of the Kheta, the Keftiu, Kedesh and Thenpu 
(probably Tunip, a city which in Akhenaten’s 
time was in the hands of the Kheta), are present- 
A 
sculptor” follows the chief of Tunip, carrying 
a piece of plate. He wears the dress of the 
Keftiu, and most of the men who follow, bearing 
vases, are of the same nationality. A few 


ing vases very similar to those shown here. 


? See I. xxxi.; Prrrin, History, ii., pp. 109-123, &e. ; 
Prisse, Histoire de L’ Art Egyptien, ii. plates 73-78; 
Rosetuint, Mon. Civ., plates lvii., lviii., xii; L. D. iii. 
115, 116; Mission Frangaise, v., plate iv. 

3 Viruy, Mission Francaise, pp. 202-205. The semi- 
publication of these tombs is to be deplored. 


42 


resemble in face and dress “the chief of the 
Kheta” there shown; but he does not show the 
peculiar Hittite face or garb. From this and 
other evidence we might gather that the country 
of the Keftiu was the home of the craft, and 
that the neighbouring nations, the Hittites, 
Retnu, and others imported these splendid pro- 


ducts, and perhaps even learned to imitate the | 


less elaborate forms; so that it was as much by 
their agency as by direct trade with the Keftiu 
that they were introduced into Egypt.t The 
recent discoveries in Crete render this hy- 
pothesis extremely likely by pointing to that 
island as the home of the Keftiu. 

There is no reason, then, why such vases 


should not be found in the hands of the Kheta, | 
_backs are loaded and hands full of all that 


though it is just possible that our artist has 
erroneously drawn Hittites for Keftiu; for the 


Hittites, by reason of distance, are less likely to | 


have sent tribute, and while they are not named 
or seen in the tomb of Huya, the people of 
“the islands of the sea” there named are not 
depicted. 

The remaining groups on the wall do not 
form part of the embassies, but are Egyptian. 


| 
| 
| 
| 


Below, i.e. on this side of the royal pavilion, is | 


ranged a large body of troops. The six men 
drawn up in line in front show, perhaps, the 
number of files, but of these only two are 
actually depicted. They are curiously armed. 
Some men of the first file are dressed in the 
short tunic of the Egyptians, and carry a long 
staff curved at the upper end, and a battle-axe. 
Others 
wear a longer tunic and carry only a javelin or 
curved staff. The hair is worn short and a 
ribbon attached to the back of the head. The 
men of the second file carry a spear and a hooked 
staff alternately.” As the curved staff is a 


Two feathers are worn in the hair, 


* In the interesting fresco shown by Daressy, Revue 
Arch, 1896, p. 286, a ship bringing vases of these shapes, 
including a dish with a walking bull on the cover, is 
manned by men in the dress of the Retnu. 

* Cf. VirEy, Tombeau de Pehsuker, p. 295. 


| strong poles. 


THE ROCK TOMBS OF EL AMARNA. 


Bedawi weapon, according to Wilkinson,’ we 
probably have here the troops who have escorted 
the embassies into Egypt. 

The two palanquins of the King and Queen 
rest beside the platform. They take the form 
of state-chairs, each of them carried by two 
Sphinxes bearing the head and 
crowns of the King of the two Egypts, serve as 
arm-rests, and the chair is guarded on each side 
by the carved figure of a walking lion. The 
floor on which the creature stands is attached 
to the poles before and behind by a waz column, 
and, in the King’s larger chair, by the figure of 
a kneeling captive also. 

Here we meet also the personal attendants of 
the King, his censing priest, his servants, whose 


he may call for, and the police. The two 
royal chariots wait in front of the platform, 
gaped at by a little crowd. Here also is the 
military escort, and several servants who bring 
forward, for sacrifice or feasting, bouquets, fowl, 
and three stalled oxen, whose misshapen hoofs 
show their fat condition. 

It has been made a severe reproach against 
Akhenaten that by sheer indolence or incapacity 
he let slip all the conquests that his ancestors 
had won in Syria, But his policy might be 
given a very different aspect; for it is clear that 
a firm hold on Syria, and the compulsion of a 
heavy tribute, could only be obtained at the 
cost of repeated military expeditions on the 
largest scale and in face of enormous risks. 
That the priesthood at Thebes had reaped the 
largest advantage from such a policy was little 
likely to recommend it to Akhenaten, who well 
knew that there was a method of diplomacy also, 
which, by preventing a confederation of the 
Syrian peoples against Egypt, secured to her 
a supremacy of a less vainglorious sort, and a 
tribute which, though moderate in amount, was 
still of considerable value and much less provo- 


3 Manners and Customs, il, p. 218, 


THE TOMB OF MERYRA II. i) 


cative. The Tell el Amarna letters may not 
give us a high idea of the skill or spirit with 
which this policy was carried out by Akhenaten ; 
yet it seems to have been fairly successful till 
towards the end of the reign. The nations 
may have “saved their face” by paying tribute 
in the form of gifts for which they pretended to 
expect a full exchange, and their rulers adopted 
an attitude which to us seems intolerable in 
vassals. Nevertheless, so long as the gifts were 
sent, Egypt prudently took her revenge in the 
same cheap form, and with ‘an exaggerated 
assumption of overlordship, spared her depend- 
ent States no humiliation in her chronicles. 
We should probably then be equally wrong in 
taking this pictorial record as a faithful mirror 
of Egypt’s foreign relations at this date, or as 
an elaborate falsehood without any real basis 
in fact. 

There is no sufficient ground for refusing to 
believe that at this time the nations here 
represented made a formal acknowledgment of 
Egypt’s suzerainty by valuable gifts,’ or even 
that the Kheta, who were already feeling their 
strength, veiled their hostile intentions under a 
guise of humility. We may be even more sure, 
however, that the most has been made of it here, 
and should be chary of accepting to the full the 
construction put upon it. 

Although it is given the aspect of a payment 
of tribute in due course, the depiction of the 
scene in these tombs alone shows that it was 
extraordinary, and that its presence here is 


1 Dr. Bupex’s assertion in his History iv. p. 204, that 
the embassy from Dushratta, King of Mitani, arrived 
with presents ‘‘in the first month of winter in the twelfth 
year of the reign,’ would be of great interest in this 
connection, were it authoritative. But the date on the 
tablet in question is broken. The fractured number, the 
statement that ‘‘ the court was in the Southern Capital ” 
(Thebes), and the contents of the letter, all speak 
for the year 2, not 12. This early date in Akhenaten’s 
reign is itself important. Iam obliged to Dr. Schaefer, 
of the Berlin Museum, for a copy of the fragment. 


much less due to any part Meryra or Huya had 
in it than to the stir which it caused. It may 
have been that missions from such widely 
separated regions as Coele-Syria, Ethiopia and 
Punt met by chance in Egypt, and that the 
opportunity was taken for a parade of Egypt's 
greatness. Or, late as it was, it may have been 
the first time that Akhenaten was able to con- 
vince the nations that he was firmly seated on 
the throne of his fathers, and to arrange an 
exhibition of loyalty. Or, not unlikely, it was 
the result of timely military demonstrations on 
the N. and §. frontiers. The promptitude and 
the liberality with which the tribute was paid 
by many tribes probably always depended on 
such significant hints. Hven if we regard the 
prisoners in these scenes as slaves, not captives 
of war, the military sports suggest that there 
had been some such expedition on the S. 
frontier at least. But whether the inducement 
to bring tribute was more warlike or diplo- 
matic, Meryra seems to have taken a leading 
partin it. Some unnamed official at any rate 
is being rewarded, and we may hope that 
Akhenaten had this excuse for making a 
political event so prominent in the eternal house 
of his servant. 


5. MeRYRA REWARDED BY KiNG SE-AA-KA-RA. 


North Wall: Hast side. Plate xli. 


Preyious copies are :— 

Hay, MSS. 29847, foll. 63, 64. 

L’Hote, Papiers, xi. 14 (partial). 

Lepsius, D. iii. 99, a (partial). 

PrissE, Monuments Lgyptiens, p. 3 (cartouches). 


The unfinished picture on this wall seems to 
reflect the troubles which gathered round the 
new capital in the later years of the reign 
or upon the death of Akhenaten.  Hastily 
executed, or left in the rough ink-sketch, the 
figures of the King and Queen, with the 
familiar cartouches of Akhenaten and Nefertiti 
replaced by those of Merytaten their daughter 


44, THE ROCK TOMBS OF EL AMARNA. 


and her husband, Ankh-kheperu-ra,' the in- 
terrupted project speaks of events, actual or 
menacing, in which leisured art could have 
It is somewhat difficult to decide 
whether the design as well as the cartouches 


no place. 


belong to Se-aa-ka-ra’s reign, and whether, 
therefore, these figures represent Akhenaten 
and his wife or their successors on the throne. 
In the absence of sufficient grounds of suspicion, 
we must assume that the whole belongs to the 
reign, or at least to a co-regency of the new 
Yet it is not obvious why not even one 
small design should be completed by him, or 
why the sun and the royal pair should be left 
untouched, 


King. 


The cartouches seem somewhat 
large and clumsy in comparison with the rest of 
the inscription, but the execution of the whole 
also is very different from that of the other 
walls. (We cannot object to there being two 
scenes of the rewarding of Meryra; because 
that occurs in the neighbouring tomb, and there 
is, therefore, even a presumption in favour of 
it.) It might be put forward as a plausible 
theory that the King’s sculptors were called 
away to work in the tomb of Meketaten, and 
returned later to complete the scenes. But the 
execution of the work coincided with an illness 
of the King, which threatened to prove fatal, 
and under the circumstances the royal cartouches 
and figures were not proceeded with; then, 


1 These cartouches have been removed by thieves, only 
the Queen’s cartouche surviving. For the King’s we 
must haverecourse to the four copies, which unfortunately 
give as many readings for the personal name. ‘There is 
little doubt, however, that the reading of Lmpstus, Se- 
aa-ka-ra—zeser-kheperu (D. Text, ii, p. 138), must be 
adopted, as the others are only imperfect readings of 
this. A squeeze exists among the papers of L’Hétr 
(Papiers, xvii. 1),and though the third sign is broken, 
aa is much the most satisfactory reading. It appears 
that the state of the cartouche was due to time and rough 
cutting, not to mutilation, and that it was fairly legible 
to a practised eye. The two rings of this King (Perrin, 
T. A. pl. xv.) cannot shake this evidence, since each 
suggests a different hieroglyph. The cartouche of the 
Queen is set a little too high up in the Plate. 


when the apprehension concerning the King 
was justified, the cartouches of his successor 
were hastily inserted as a date; though events, 
or the disinclination of the new King, stopped 
any further progress with the tomb. The 
burial shafts were never made, and Meryra’s 
hopes of a splendid interment here shared the 
general ruin. The roughly sketched figures of 
of the King and Queen, the ink of which is now 
almost invisible,” stand under the radiating sun 
in the centre of the picture. Behind them is 
the palace and before them their faithful palace 
official, with his friends and attendants. A part 
of the group has been removed by the formation 
of a recess here at a later date. Meryra is 
standing on a stool, or upborne by his friends 
with officious care, to receive the guerdon of 
golden necklaces from the king. His breast is 
already covered with these marks of royal 
favour; and it was no doubt a wise proceeding 
on the part of the new monarch to make sure of 
the devotion of an official so influential in the 
royal harem. 


D.—-Tue Reticious Texts. 
Tur LonGcEeR PRAYERS. 


1. (Thickness of Outer Wall. Hast side. 


‘‘When thou settest alive® [the Harth]4 worships 
thee, West and Hast give praise to thee, Ra-Aten, 
who givest life for ever and ever. Thy setting, O Thou 
that divest supom sleuth isenomnener ss They raise 
shouts to the height of heaven at seeing Akhetaten which 
Ra made for his son, ‘He who lives on Truth.’ He 
gives him rule over all countries on which the sun 
shines. He transmits to him all the circuit® that he 
may gladden his heart therewith®....... They are 


Plate xxx.) 


* All existing lines were traced and included in the 
plate, though many of them must be false lines and 
the figure restored on them somewhat of a travesty. 

3In contrast to the idea of a sun that dies at setting. 


4Conjecturing ~~ 


5 Te, the land traversed by the sun, Read shenent 
(from a squeeze, L’ Horn, Papiers, xvii. 1.). 
°Cf. Plate xxxvi. and I, xli. 


THE TOMB OF MERYRA II. 45 


under the feet of Ua-en-ra, beloved like the Aten, who | 


shall live (?) until the ocean goes on foot, and until the 
mountains rise up to travel by land and water,! the good 
ruler of the Aten. Thou art.....the Aten.2 He 
appoints as thy boundaries, the Southern....... 
the breezes, thy Northern (boundaries?) as far as Aten 
shines. Itis thy strong arm that protects the Two Lands, 
thy valour that makes the rekhyt to live; Ua-en-ra, be- 
loved like Aten, great (in his duration?)........... 

“The royal Scribe and Superintendent of the royal 
harem, the Steward Meryra, maakheru.” 


2. (West side of same. Plate xxxi.) 


Oh ee eee [Aten] lord of love, who bare him. ..... 
do thou grant... ... his duration like thy duration 
IN oe ae eee of the giving of the Lord of (?) Eternity 
and Hyerlastingnessin......... all herds and flocks 
that go upon four feet, led to the temple of Aten, the 
Aten has ordained them for ‘Him who is great in his 
duration,’ the great and good Nile-god of [the people] 
: grant his duration among the living 
[until] my* coming [with] reward in peace. Ordain for 
him his mansion of [eternity] in the great cliff of 
Akhetaten, as (for) a favourite of the King. 

For the ka of the Steward, the Superintendent of the 
Treasury, the Superintendent of the royal harem of the 
great wife of the King [mistress of the Two Lands] 
Nefertiti, who lives for ever and ever, the royal Scribe, 
Meryra, maakheru.” 


aren RU Yanit sy Syat je 


‘Cf. III. xxix. (l’ Hore, Papiers, ii. 287; Burton, 
Excerpta, plate vii.) 

? From this point ef. IIT. xxix. 

3Tt-should be ‘his,’ but the scribe has followed the 
formula of the E. architrave (Plate xxxvi.). 


A SHorter PRAYER. 
(Outer jamb. W. side. 


“TI give praises to the Ruler (?). He sets on the 
Western horizon of heaven. May he give pleasant airs 
to the Ka of the royal Scribe, the Superintendent of the 
royal harem of the great wife of the ‘King, Nefertiti, 
living for ever and eyer.”’ 


Plate xxix). 


ARCHITRAVE INSCRIPTIONS. 
1. (West Architrave. 


“A Seten dy hetep of the living Aten who illumines 
the Two Lands with his beauty. He dawns to give 
life to all the circuit, Aten, fair of forms, radiant with 
colour. Eyes have life at sight of his beauty; hearts 
have health when he shines for them. May he give 
the pleasant airs of the north wind, the milk which 
appears on the altar, all kind of offerings, all kind of 
vegetables, bread (?), beer (?), and food at(?) all thy 
shrines, everything good and sweet, for the ka of the 
Superintendent of the harem of the King, the royal 
scribe and steward Meryra, maakherw in Akhetaten.”’ 


Plate xxxvi). 


2. Kast Architrave. 


“Praise to thy ka, O Nefer-kheperu-ra, the good ruler 
beloved of Aten, the great Nile-god of the whole land, 
at sight of whom they (i.e. the people) have life, Ua-en- 
ra beloved like Aten. Hvery day Ra giveth unto thee, 
whenever he dawneth, hundreds of thousands of sed- 
festivals. Aten protects his offspring. Thou art his son, 
‘He who lives upon Truth.’ He delegates to thee all his 
circuit to gladden thy heart therewith. Grant that my 
life may be with happiness, and that I may see thy 
beauty until my arrival at the mansion which I have 
made in the great cliff of Akhetaten for the ka of the 
royal. Scribe Meryra.”’ 


46 


LN Dies 


: C . 28 
DO iS, 95.20 
. 5, 6, 26, 34, 43, 44 


Abneba 
Ahmes, tomb of 
Akhenaten (see also Royal) 


_ daughters of 6, 7, 28 

3 foreign policy of 42, 48 

3 foreign marriage of . : a lis 

Fr his prominence in the scenes . 18, 34, 43 

a prayers to 16, 26, 30, 31, 32, 45 

_ statues of . ; : : ; 94, 25, 27 
Akhetaten, ruins of 5, 6, 22, 26, 27 
Altars 6, 20, 28, 24, 26, 28 
Ambassadors 16, 38, 41 
Ambulatory of temple - : ; eal 
Amélineau, M. . 13, 17, 28, 34, 36, 38 
Amenhetep IIT. 13, 15 
Amorites’ . : : : » 41 
Animals 18, 34, 39, 40, 41, 42 
Ankh-es-en-pa-aten, Pen ebae . 20, 36, 37, 39 
Ankh-Kheperu-ra, King 44. 
Any, tomb of : ce 26 
Apse, Coptic oh lal PA 
Apy, tomb of i : : s 
Artists 6, 8, 11, 35, 36, 37, 42 
Atef crown : 14 
Aten, cartouches of . 7, 15 
,, Chief Servitor of 16, Iie 90, 98, 29, 30; 31, 32 

,, determinative of 31 

», dualism in worship of 15 

,, high-priest of . 8, 20 


offerings to 13, 14, 17, 19, 20, ‘99. 27, 81, 32, 42, 45 
prayers to 2, 15, 16, 17, 19, 28, 29, 30, 31, 33, 44, 


45 
», Styled “‘ Father” . : ; ‘ . 2, 15, 38 
,, temple of. 15, 18, 20-28 
,, worship of olay ese yf, INS), SAO) 
Avenue in desert . : ‘ é : ; 6 
Axe-head . <0 
Ay, tomb of 6, 18, 14, 36 
Baketaten ih 


Balcony LG 22 Ge 


Bats 

Benben, the 

Birds in Coptic designs 
», pendant from capitals 

Blind choir 

Bouquets . 

Brickwork 

Budge, Dr. 

Bull’s tail as ornament 

Burial pits 

on surface 

shafts 

vaults 


”) 
” 


? 


Burton 


Cairns 
Captives apnea 
x as ornaments . 
Ceiling vaulted . 
», designs . 
Cement pavements 
Censing 
Chamberlain, kes of 
“Chancellor of the North” 
Chariots 
‘* Chief Servitor of Aten” 
Christianity, relations with 
Chronology of the tombs: , 
Cist-tomb . 
Colonnaded court, plan of . 
Columns . ; ‘ 
», representation of 
Coptic emblems 
designs i 
place of worship . 
saint 


Copts, mutilations by 
Corniced walls represented 
Corrections of scenes 
Corridor-type of tombs 


. 14, 17, 19, 28, 28, 29, 34 


Cartouches of Ra-Aten, form of 


9, 34 


. 20, 04, 26, 27, 28, 31, 32 


12 


21,4 
43 


37, 40, 41 
ul 
13 


. 18, 14, 19, 43 
. 86 
29, 30 
16-20, 37, 38, 43 
16, 17, 20, 28, 29, 31 
15, 17, 19 
5, 6, 7, 45 
is 
23, 24 
7-12, 33 
10, 22, 23, 24, 35; 38 
12, 13 
12, 19 ‘ 
4,9, 11, 12 
Osi5 
9,17 
21, 22, 24, 25 
. 18 
2, 7, 38 


INDEX. 47 


Crete, evidence from - ; ; ; ; . 42 
Cups for holding jars : : : 3, 4, 10 
Date, record of 38, 44 
Deir Rifeh 4,12 
Dress 13, 14, 16, 18, 28, 36, 37, 38, 39, 41, 42 
Dushratta, King : ‘ , ‘ ; i . 43 
Dwarfs 13, 14 
Dy hetep seten formal 15, 31, 46 
Ethiopia . 39, 40, 44 
Excayation, Re ede of Oh 
False doors i 9, 11 
Females, importance given to . : ; : . 28 
Flagstaffs of temple . : ; : ; : . 22 


Flowers as offerings . Ae G N23: 


af as decorations. 15, 28, 29, 34, 38 


Foreign relations of Egypt 15, 42, 48, 44 
Gateways, contruction of . ; 5 : : 5 
Glass as decoration . : : : : : 5 al 
Graffiti . 4, 12, 16, 19, 33, 35 
Harness . ‘ 5 ; : 5 alts) Bil 
Hatshepsut, Queen , : : : : ; . 14 
Hawata . - : : : ‘ . : 5 
Hawk, the solar 19, 14 
Hay, Robert 9, 15, 16, 28, 34, 38, 41, 44 
Hittites. . : : A = . : : . 42 
Horses, drawing of . : 18, 34 
Hostages . - 5 : 7 2 : fails 
“« House of Rejoicing” : 26, 27, 28 
‘t House of the Propitiation of Aion” : , ee 
Houses on the hillside 1, 2,4 


Huya, tomb of . 677), 20, 24, 26, 27, 28, 39, 42, 44 


Ink sketches 16, 33, 36, 37, 43 


Intimate of the King LOR 29 
Ka of the King : ; F . 29, 80, 31, 46 
Keftiu F : ' ; ; ; F j . -42 
Kharu ‘ ; : : 5 ; : 4 5 Fe 
Kheta ; : 3 ; : , 5 ». 642,43 
Kush ‘ ; : , : , eee at, 
Lamps 2, 4, 19, 20, 36 
Lepsius, R. Aly 2, 13, sy 17, 98, 34, 36, 38, 44 
Letters, Tell el Amarna . : 15, 43 
L’ Hote, Nestor 9, 11, 13, 15-20, 28, 34, 35, 36, 38, 44 
Lybians . : E ; ‘ : : , 18, 42 


Mahu, tomb of i : : : 5 ae 1 Wea li 
May, the scribe : s é : : : 5 PM 
Meketaten, Princess wl Os 00s BO) Ol, 40 
Meryra ii. . 8, 20, 29 
» tombof 2, 6, le 9, alike ‘18, 19, 90, 21, 24, 26, 29, 
33, 34 

Merytaten, Princess . 13, 16, 25, 26, 36, 37, 44 
Mitani 15, 44 
Musicians ; 17, 20, 24, 25, 36, 38 
Mut. : : : ; ; F F F ea) 
Mutilations, ancient OP aaa Oe Omi ol 8. 36, 
39, 44 


a modern . . 11, 12; 33, 34 


Nefer-neferu-aten, Princess Uy Ws aire, 2) 
Nefer-neferu-ra, Princess . 87, 39 
Nefertiti, Queen (see also Royal) 25, 30, 45 
i ,, family relations of . 13, 14, 15 
5 ,, laudation of 13, 14 
~ », prayers to 5 UG POyoHl ay 


16, 18, 28, 37, 38, 40 
. viii 


6, 7, 13, 14, 15 


Negroes 
Newberry, Mr. 7 
Nezemet-mut, Princess 


Paint, use of 
Palace, the 


SLO Oe Ss 2884 37 

18, 20, 36, 37, 38, 45 
Palanquin ‘ : ‘ : . . 43 
Payilions depicted F sy Dy “35, 39, 49 
Pentu, tomb of. 2, 6, 7, 8, 17, 20, 28, 29 


Petrie, Professor . ; : : . 4, 5, 6, 25, 41 
Pilasters . : F : F ; ; ; oe lal 
Plaster, use of . eel Oa sa! 
Police . 15, 18, 19, 20, 42 
Portico, mode of shoriaes 22, 23, 25 
Portraiture : ‘ : ‘ 17, 28 
Pottery . - ; : : é 3 : . 4 
Prayers 2, 3, 13, 14, 16, 19, 29-32, 33; 34, 45 
Priest, High ‘ : 3 8, 20 
ae | CCONG ammne ‘ ; ‘ : > OS, 
Princesses (see Royal Family sed names) 
Prisse d’Avennes 34, 35, 44 


Proverbs of Ptahhotep . ‘ : : : ,  Y 


Punt, land of 41, 44 
Pylons, entrance . 21, 22, 25, 26 
Quarries . : ‘ , : : 4 j 4,5 
Ra (see also Aten) 15, 30, 44 
Rames, tombof . 3 : : i a iG 
Recesses in walls. ‘ 2, 8, 4, 12, 17, 33, 34, 44 
Rekhmara, tomb of . 3 4 : 0 : = 42 
Rekhyt, the ‘ : ; 3 : : . 18, 45 


INDEX. 


48 
Relations of deceased pictured . . 28 
Retnu, the 41, 42 
Reward of officials, the 16, 36, 38, 41, 45 
Ribbons, use of 35, 36 
Roads in desert 5 
Roman remains a One 
“ Royal acquaintance ”’ 19, 29 
Royal Family at home 34, 35 
a » receiving tribute ; 5 5 ots 
- ». rewarding officials 16, 36, 37, 40, 44 
? », visits the temple. 18, 20 
rf ,, worships Aten ret 4 7 AG 
i “¢ Seribe”’ 45 
ie statues . 92, 94, 25, 26 
F- tomb , 1, 20, 25 
Rudu, tomb of . : ‘ 3 
Ruins of Akhetaten . 0, 6, 22, 26, 27 
Scenes, lack of variety of . 20, 36 
» re-use of 11, 18, 20, 38 
Schaefer, Dr. ; Bn ea! 
Sculpture, character of 11, 34, 40 
Se-aa-ka-ra, King 44 
‘“‘ Seryitor of the Lord of the ee ied 5 BS) 
Seten dy hetep prayer 15, 31, 46 
Setep-en-ra, Princess 2 
“¢ Shade of Ra”’ 26, 27 
Site of tombs 1-5, 9, 38 
Slaves depicted 40, 41 
Soldiers 17, 18, 20, 40, 43 
Sports, military : : ; ; : : ; 40 
Stairways. ; ‘ «25 45 03 LO pL? 23536840 
Staples poked 24 
Statues oF U1, 99, 24, 25, 27, 34 
Stelae dl 1, 4, 5, 6, 24, 26, 27 
“Steward ”’ : 45, 46 
Stone, condition of . ; spl OeS3 


Stone, walls of piled. 2, 4 
“ Superintendent of the granary of Aten” 16, 29 
“Superintendent of the oxen of Aten”’ 16, 29 
“ Superintendent of the royal harem” 45, 46 
“ Superintendent of the treasury ”’ 46 
Syria, policy regarding A , : : . 43 
Syrians depicted . . . 16, 18, 87, 41, 42, 44 
T-shaped tombs 2, 3, 7 
Tanks . 22, 23, 24, 38 
Technique 11, 34 
Temple (see Aten) 

», divisions of 21, 26, 27 
Temples of Akhetaten 26, 27, 28 
Tomb No. 7 7, 36 
Tombs 14, 1p 3, 6, 7 

ACE 2 
OAR, ie 
» scattered Bi a 
» as dwellings it 9, 3, 4, 33 
,, southern group of 6, 7, 9, 11, 20 
Trenches in floor 2°.3 
Tribute, articles of 40, 41, 42 

* of Rameses III. : . 42 
Tutu, tomb of 6, 7, 14, 26 
Tyi, Queen 5, 15, 26,27, 28 
Ua-en-ra . , : t é 3, 19, 28, 30, 45, 46 
Union, symbol of 10, 37 
Vases depicted . 41, 42 
Villas pictured . 21, 25, 38 
Weapons . 18, 19, 41, 43 
Weidenbach 34, 35 
Wilkinson : 3 : : ; 40, 43 
Windows . ; : : : = 12:16, 17, 22530) 


PRINTED BY GILBERT AND RIVINGTON LIMITED, ST. JOHN’S HOUSE, CLERKENWELL, E.C. 


6) 
A 
Ea 
jm 
— 


NOTE, 


Aw index to the passages in ie text which are explanatory Of a several 
will be found on page vii. ¢ 


Pan 


ig 


7 
: 


EL AMARNA II. G 


Ridge summ it 


10 
METRES 


201 
St ee , 
100 50 0 (00 200 300 400 500 600 Joo 800 goo FEET wy) 

| Se 


Brick platform 


xX 


4 
Seale =; 


= SURVEY. PLATE | 


See | ee ee oe ee : a 
a= 2 = Dwelling Quarry 


a " = Site op Fe EES a 
Terrace and Dolmen Su ae 


Wii Z 


= 
> EZ 
§ &% 
§ Se 
Tones. 
SS (Sueikt SAID) 2 
ati) % UARRY 
3) eee 7, ae 
Awe” 49 Z MUN fay 
Mins BM Wn tN gy, 
My "> os ay yy 
4 Z 


\ea' “ 


By DEIR MAWAS 


THE DISTRICT SACRED 
TO THE ATEN ON THE f : 
EAST BANK. 7 fer Rosser lies =e 


After Petrie. ae wh, 
(7-325 Weg 


QUARRY 
ANCIENT TOMBS AND 
TOMB oF SHEIKH SAID 


bo 


STEAM 


N 
Fy 
se Hilly, 


3S Two SMALL TOMBS 
4 SURFACE QUARRIES Zz 4, tu 
ny Z 
5 Quarry OF TY) peIRUT tsi ON ROAD TO. HET-NUB 
6 FouR SMALL TOMBS g Ee uae 
B My, 
7 RUINS OF LATE?) TOWN % a 
8 CAVE WITH STAIRS 
9 THREE Tones oe 
fo SMALL PAINTED PAVEMENT Z 


PLATE tI. 


TOMB OF PANEHESY—PLAN. 


EL AMARNA II, 


PQA AAAAAsAAgas 


Life 


LL, 


Lite Des 


eee eed 


SS 


Ss 


i 
Se 


Ne 


PLO LIL LL ee 


Ui 


S MOMMY YON 
Plexi a. 


mae yin cep 


Smocttied 


uneven 


Seas Pt aioe eS Se 


a ‘ 


*enogn 112M Jo eury 


eid eud©D 


NY 


Was td 


ale! 


EP 


VLA LLL 


DD 


77 \ Rock 


Scale 


FEET 


10 


—— 
ee 


imcwes! 


{yom 2109 


Mound of denuded brick 


Seale 


ai 


fr 


al 
oe 


TOMB OF PANEHESY-—SECTIONS, ETc. PLATE III. 


EL AMARNA II. 


‘Gd'D NO NOILOSS SSYSASNVYL / \ 
ig ‘ 
2 ‘ 
iB N 
i 
Q iN v q 
= N Cole 
q andeg 


HOS | 


Si_4i_¢i_zi_u-o1 6 6 fs 


i 
S3HONI 


4334 


ren fo soya 


rope 5 


Z 


Wald 


sopsog 


SSS SSSR 


LITA 


Oot 
T 9109S 


EL AMARNA II. 


PANEHESY—FRAGMENTS. 


a; 
< 
> 
s SK 22 HS) 


Section on A.B, 


Mens 


AS Ae 


‘ 
A \\ 
at 


HIEROGLYPHs, %%8% Co_umNs 


a 


il 
ic 
1 


ABACI OF COLUMNSs. 


| 


ri Ae 


4 
(e) 
aa 


“9 


woo 
— 


SOUTH COLUMN, W. SIDE. 


alo TNS SK 


: : 
Section on €.3. 
50 


Seale 1 


PLATE IV. 


INSCRIPTIONS FROM N. AND S. COLUMNS. 


Scale 4 


gi ee Oh el 


ee 


} 
EL AMARNA ll, 


PANEHESY- 


Seale } 


1 
Seale + 


East AR 


LO 


Y =p 
SS oN 


aa 


G 


ima 
Seale }, 


= 


‘Olleae 


== 


=3 


: 2 
ar 50, 
\ rr 7 9 fe R 
1 
Seale 3 


FRIEZE OF SOUTH WALL, W. SIDE. 


IMENTS. 


PLATE V, 


; 
, 
uy} ERs 
’ ( 


oe Ty 
én 


=) 
Saar 
ae D hate 


ieee (l 


ini 


coban OT 


Se 


slash 


WDA 


R Door. 


WiYwlS 
MN 
WY 


ons 
Gone 


WHY 
| IPvoes 


COQY 


et 
WS 
A SW 


THE THREE PRINCESSES (W. WALL). 


Seale + 


EL AMARNA Il. 


PANEHESY—JAMBS OF ENTRANCE DOOR. 


(© 


PLATE VI. 


£ 
yeas 


2, pS peo) 
med 


GC 


4 


Dra elinpe 
a 


ee is 


DESIGNS FROM COPTIC APSE. 


Seale 1 


1 
Seale 3, 


eS: = 
SS 


= Foe 


ia 


Ly ise 
’ = oo 7 
: : 


EL AMARNA II. PANEHESY~-YV 


= =: (SS - 
SS SS Ses Tig ee 2 ce. Terme a es ie 
=\|-Jhlee. fae oe a WWE eae 
$Elalhtse) a 
1 & | 4 se ( (is( ie <a 


a AS / ( Rw ig ee = 


UCC@JFZz (enn. SS ae 


WK W fi Ro 


CP, 
. 
, 


YY =, 


\ 
\\\ 


ae 


“HICKNESS. PLATE VII. 


SGC 


Seen i a4) aes ee "hae 
| wo Pe ena 
le 4 VANE a= [Nol aoad: 


GIVING HOMAGE TO THE SUN, 


i ERASE. Boda delta Shas 

aa: Ss AMES Rael 
Bee \ Ne a Z ih sna § EO|| Ol EON. <= "ill 
\ < _ (Moss a 
\ Sale AGal 6 alt els ae 
L_ | Ssteléd E Aa AWM = 
) apna atlat 


EL AMARNA II, PANEHESY 


; | 
MIG 
sects Gs 2 nn 


SAWN ||O 
7 ae 
Sy OU) Ry EE 


{J WOWOWE eases 


\__ SSE 


a en \ Wik ing rN N@Wy iS | 
oad N —s Naas wy AN ANG , 
pur Ws (Zoi gerne Paull ue ZA eS Nell 


ICKNESS. PLATE Vill. 


ill 
\ : P — pe eee : 
zy \ & ae ae j : Ds 


a= fi ,. relat soll 


ie = if \ ca ee a —— ee 
pe —| ae RSE ee S <= S Ss () Ee NO 
a tie | SS CEO Lie pe Wk Cones 


ES f mwas «=o ever es jase [REGS BAN. 


acZ | 
Ge EMR. AH 
Fiat ee eet eal 


eae = SHH “Del E24 | 


‘> : SF = 


ADORATION OF THE SUN. 


=e FINE 
We Be lSfol: 


Scale 4 


PLATE IX. 


PANEHESY—HALL, SOUTH DOOR. 


Et AMARNA II, 


Fes Ula WW AAA -Bhic'( eZ aillresS eaSe 
are = 8) oe Hi aches Ablige oiearae AOE 
| 
| 


QINI@WEINAL EAT GAMES IKK ead 


as I bel : : 
ETI CC SUSIE rane (ANS Uke oltelGic Sear ff 


2 = # : 

a apy: BE) = e 

: 3 3S one g 

: eeiic gueenpeiee = 

on 
GES 122 MAAN Ip) - |S FES lop ee PINT OC == Si 

Sle sh Fes SSS Sena Soleo acre 
= ae 


Ss ae a: wel ae ea arse Poll ox 
Re TMA) WHS (EM Sirs lPaold its Hae 3 


ae Ss ee Ce eee ee eS 


PANEHESY-! 


EL AMARNA II. 


SK RS 


HoSer el Sess} 


To = 
ORI 
tollQio 


Ie eS Gi df 

eee 
Pap) ite ane 
Al) Seed) 2 


we 


oo 


hr 


PANEHESY DECO! 


evi 
, Pal ye 
’ RY 
MK 
‘ Shes 
' 
t 
1 
' 
ae a 
<_ 


ee 


ee 
Pee a 
BINS 
te =a 
ie WS 
‘om 


\\ 


5 
3 


> BY THE KING. 


PANEHESY-S. wall 


EL AMARNA II. 


Scale 4 EA 


ER REGISTERS. PLATE XI. 


IDE. 


PANEHESY— 


EL AMARNA Il. 


\ LA wiz 


4 


= 


C Ag. 


Swe 


Se 


THE ROYAL FAMI 


PLATE XII. 


wh J 


eal ANicd= # 
Wo SEE 
1 Woy = ji 


CC res SIDE. 


SEWE 
ee OOD 


OWekS 
D=NSs ODD 


(30 LEI 
ek: : = 


=RING TO THE SUN. 


PANEHES 


LLL AO ((F 
ay, 1S ACI 
NE SZ I a me 
\ 


{ 
To 


Mey, 
q| 
MALL oe CZ M 


don (R(BIY/ O3D 


CRS 


Lis 
Fo ae 


SA 
(ER 
a ae 


ze 


y 
SK 


pe 


ae PLATE XiIll. 


YON 
Av Y Z Pol 
QUE 
U4 mS | O 
ZA aie 
— 
YWANZ 
il ( UL Kiang 
a Th) [ if CESS 
(! Se 2 i 


Z q ef Dy : ——— Ky ee) \o 
Sos MI» wy WU G&L 
SoD t SIN 


ads 


a “DRIVING OUT. 


oa 
any 


ae 


> 
+ 


i 


SS 


we 


mail 


| 


=| () 


i 


{ 
I 


EL AMARNA II. PANEHESY—EAST WALL. PLATE XV. 


A PRINCESS AND HER TRAIN. 


PANEHES 


AMARNA 


THE KING AND Ql 


T WALL. 


\\ \\ 


\ \ 
A 


i]. } WEe 


hast 


IN THEIR CHARIOTS. 


EL AMARNA II, PANEHESY-—E. WALL. PLATE XVII. 


Scale 4 THE ESCORT. 


PANEHE: 


EW 
Sibpesif 


a Gi 
We 


< 


: c=< tl 
ag 
QC ee 


| 
LAL 


C= 


THE TEMI 


— PLATE XVIII. 


EE io SELES 
BLL LILIAN ED 
a Zo 
us ani 


WW) 


Ve — 
NY) 


= 
E> 
_ 
a 
rel 
ae) 
Dy 


=) = A = 2k a eye ay 7 


a a (mle 
=) Tc | FAX ae 
KF | PA e 


i a7 —— 
: » 7 LS 
vet | Sayer | 


RONT HALF. 


=. 
i 


a | LA} a 


y. 4 
‘4 i 


EL AMARNA II. . 
PANEHES 


Seale 


THE TEMEI 


WALL. PLATE XIX, 


eto $ 


| 


4 
| = 
—— —=— 
H z Sas 
rs 
5] 
3 


SS 


== I 
SS 6 =] 
; Se || 


— 
= 


SACK HALF. 


| 


PLATE XX, 


PANEHESY—N. WALL. 


EL AMARNA Il. 


. \ => —. a 
(a { ee Nee COMO UENG! 


ae —- — | 7 I RSTENESTIN 
eaten SN \\ Pe | cca 
Te AX 55 KEW 


[arse 
ates 


SSS 


} 
| 


COPTIC 
APSE 


THE KING AND QUEEN WORSHIPPING (Coptic overlay). 


i 


13 


Scale 


PLATE XX\. 


PANEHESY—N. DOOR. 


EL AMARNA II. 


Seleaeie le “HSHo =a SS) te <u 
G 
| =a 


{ a lei Zi 4 ' : ae SS ee sal en = Ir ae = te 
' Ss = efit yea fees ‘ . qd<| = ie calle Waa ete 
eee. \ ; Wr I) JA 6 8 peg) Cal ee anges oli! ' 


| Al 
Ki 
q 


A Sree, |. fai hii te = oat) 
RTS Ss Pall esas “T 
SG, ng Aa x BS ; 2 al rn = <i A ee Le Eavint 
ACADAHIARAS-: ee lo). el eee = Gor \ 


SUA SI EAI oe 
hus ss, 
) ey te 
val GSS 
: =! 
S1GTHE | |». 
AAA 


: 
3 


lA 


[SX WCE SI 


WO PSle ial lia het Liew 


Welf)-E 


DIT sau) 


HOK=aH 
cw 


AA hcsel] a= ow 


| 


Adoltaol 


y¥ort 
‘ 


Sto 


< 


SES) 27) foe fo Yu DIHDAT Sods tic tes AR VUDIN 


ISS 


3% 


| 


UW 
SCSssa= 
HE \WMWIDE FE |_|. S 


WS ie 
palteel t 


fesicth ee s1SSH3 


WK 1S] (SSIES TRL AN NVR 


(Exe) 
—= 


a 


S QW SEXY SS RSs SS are 
SO S Sv boulder Ned ( oO ISS gs 


Er MANY RS SS 


<== 
a 


( (3G ote sh ae ee as a <a 


e Sag 
ix ee Coe | 


2 QUOD 2S TAH OWE oe ett 
f 


== ta 


Meet fl Parente teiknerre a 
(CaS SRSISE MINE 74 Fae 


CEILING INSCRIPTIONS. 


1 
8 


Seale 


PANEHESY-—INNER THICKNESS. PLATE XXII. 


AMARNA 


PANEHESY. 


PLATE XXIII. 


PANEHESY—SHRINE. 


EL AMARNA II. 


= (nic SSS 
iS =e in if 
Vos (Festi 


PANEHESY AND HIS FAMILY AT TABLE. 


PLATE XXIV. 


EXTERIORS. 


EL AMARNA 


@WOL YVAN 4SITO SHL 


‘(WHANUSIAN) § FINOL 


‘9 AWOL 3AOavV AWOL LSID 


‘(nany) ‘vi aWOL 


' 


int 


bowp-2. (uzusiey 


ie 


af 


f 
ss 
a 


SMALLER TOMBS. PLATE XXV. 


EL AMARNA Il. 


TomB 6B 


STELA J. 


6 Cc, 


TomeBs 6, 


PLATE XXV1. 


TOMB OF PANEHESY. 


EL AMARNA 


NoRTH WALL AND COLUMNS. 


NORTH WALL. 


EL AMARNA Il. TOMB OF PANEHESY. PLATE XXVII. 


mn) 
” = 
ww nN 
2 ~ 
x 
Oo Ww 
=z at 
x= 
FF § 
io 
= Y 
i) 
79) 
WwW . 
2 ~ 
< N 
) N 
fa w 
= 
= 
a 
Hs 
2 
2 
| 
g 
7 0 = 
z [ee] 
Wu 
a 
= 8 
i oO 
~~ 


E 


Ev AMARNA Il. TOMB OF MERYRA II. 


PLATE XXVIII. 


erg e oe CE OTION ONIALE, TRANSVERSE SECTION ON C.D. 


ASSAM 


Plate saw 


: Fors 


LONGITUDINAL SECTION. 


x 
it , 
| ov 
| a 
5 
2 
$ 
a 
3 
3 
road ‘ 3 
: Architrove s | 
ZT 
Pladared face 


Uncleared rubbish 


Seale 


EL AMARNA II. MERYRA II.-—FRAGMENTS. PLATE XXIX. 


= | 

Hi ol Ly 8 
We age 1} pa ti 
We “4 Ee 
Pe) T dA 
=i) WY 
alee Tee 

c D 

Scale 25 
iS ere aes eb 


WEST COLUMN—EAST FACE. 


INSCRIPTION—E. WALL. 


EW 
EN 


= 
D 


OU. 


D) 
\S 


Undeared rubbish 


AW 
]i Es 


Scale 3 


; 


FACADE—ELEVATION. FRAGMENT—OUTER JAMB. 


PLATE XXX. 


MERYRA Il, E. THICKNESS. 


EL AMARNA II. 


INS WS &= F- Ga ive ws 
SFoNTE ATE RES 


| 


SINSAS [Hatch] 
i WE 
q 


i. 


Ge ~ —— 
xa(\Il io lf IX 


PIERS a Uaeees De get 


-~-" 


HYMN TO THE SETTING SUN. 


1 
Seale t 


MERYRA II, W. THICKNESS. PLATE XXXl. 


EL AMARNA Il, 


2 = na ae" 
cole (aAiy it SN 


Elia “Et4 
late) ea 


QA 


ieLel OS 
_ Sse if 


Ha 


We) 


Ae ae 


APLAR MORN 


MERYRA ADORING THE SUN. | 


1 
Seale ti 


! 
SHE 


EL AMARNA II, 


it 


wl (4 
ra). 
Ses 
BUG ES 
womiow YON 


3 
| 
| 
eae 
AST 
SSE 
‘< 


vi er 2s) Eyed as Wi OF ! 
SEAL A RAL Bf \P | 


ae 
aed 


AVAVANINAVANENAVANGNOVAVIMGMINOVANANIVOVO SDOy 
NAS = 


: 


To TT 11 TI TT 


‘S0IS '‘M ‘T1IVM 'S ‘Il VYAYSW 


PLATE XXXII. 


nHHEsQUEENSFIEEING THE KINGS CUR: 


io 

& 

~ 

tL Ut West il tll i! Ul Wl Ub Wi til | S 
oS 

a 2) 


EL AMARNA Il. MERYRA II-SOUTH WALL, EAST SIDE. PLATE XXXII. 


Sx ) 


S = = ei 
st 
5 


Si 

aw SF x 

EY Beare) E 
iamaime 

N Nannies plets V 


SEE 
Y= 


SS 


aris 


HOA 


SINS 


SS 


INNS 


pa: 


DI, WARS 7S 


Yi 


\ 
\ 
\ 


\ 


SS TPA EI So NEC 


\\ 


NN 


WIA AS 


A 


\\\ 


‘ \ f 
é 
Ny 
an J) 


a a 
1 Mai oy 


THE REWARD OF MERYRA. 
Seale % 


: 


EL AMARNA II. MERYRA lI-3 


a Ce WOW 


Boe’ 
* 


J 


ox 
2 


OE 
tod? FD ED) oxfiel) 


GEST 


( CIcl | lhc) } I = 


) aa 
Ds" Dyna, 2 AE 
) Shue ls 


WU KE A a ee ee eee 
ee. | ERE. WWE] WOH FWMEDINTTE 4 F 
OK SSS) = oc porn se : - = 


SSS 


\S = 


[eo WON Go KS. 


Wee ( 
Oe 
4 {a} 


Sz Ss —| = = SSS SIN 
\ AIR pes SER esis —) fe . 
SS NC Kassie Is : SSS 
aay 6) 5 Tilo = 
ES er eee era NS wy Es — NS N harpelt ME g 


Ae 2 a ae g I= 


now removed 
= 


PALE Sees (DE. PLATE XXXIV. 


é 


‘y ‘\ R SQFT] AXXX 9401d 


Ss urface cul Kp ihe / 


l 
| 
SiS 


L 


LS 1S Le eI 
HS lkieot 


THE ROYAL FAMILY ON THE BALCONY. 


Z 


ZL Ld 


SY 


Dy teneee4 
Sees 


ANN 2 


“EO [ 
15" ¥) 
us, 

Viol Ibe: 


$$ 


1 
6 


Seale 


! 


EL AMARNA II. MERYRA II-—S. \ 


WO 
WN 


= az c < 
< WI g hd =| \ ie hws 
\ Plate XXXIV. — 


Pees! DE. 


AWC LS 


\ 
WSR 


PLATE XXXV. 


MERYRA AND THE BYSTANDERS. 


i 
6 


Seale 


—_ 


ts 


=) 


Et. AMARNA II. MERYRA II-— 


ee ; 
pa ee Le 2 ys 


MERY RA 


FASKIS FSM HEAW MEST CRESS ISIS Beh mney Paw 


WE 


Vie [Ses SDS. 
PLATE XXXVI. 


rr ene ‘ 
Z| \ ae 


-LCOMED HOME. 


sss. 
Sora Ohi Rap ef ee Hl SUIS we and MME ZH IS 


| 
—: 


(so FSA RR BISS SN BIBS 


1) oe Oa 


SINE onl AEM ISS 


—____— 


Sea 


Et AMARNA II. MERYRA 


1 
les 


Free 


10 
re 


ae AlEIB |e 211 I 
a aii an 


pura iniin 


can TP 


Fat oh 7 
‘ 0 ] vy. 


SRE 


By S27 


be ie emiGns ke Ne Bs Ene ONG ace \\ ee 


EERE at ae He : 


lea (hy 


THE PRESEN 


AST WALL. PLATE XXXVII. 


ah te ZEN 
= orl 
an ee 9 


ian ae aie : 
‘ins iii he Re af see Hs) ea cn 


“in 


4 7! 
ae 


in t 


MK 


a ay 


yi 
j 


« = A) “§ 

oe A 7 ee 
Sars wa ee . 
) 2 fh fui Ld 


ee ef 
oh l 
a aa 
a Re Ue 
awe vif 


eee 


eS 
S 
= =e 


Ke nae 


i 
bisJl! 


as HE 
(\ 


RG ert lc 
is were ae 


IN OF TRIBUTE. 


3 
4% 


4 


cy 


i 


EL AMARNA II. MERYRA 


Hic =e is =I tals Sie "4 “le él ARE ule 3 os Ae molt 
Osis = a EyO| ih J py Pace) ay, Ns | 
OOO 


id ae Liinhntting 


FSAI R) 


1 
ag ! jiu 4 
yeu , ea NY, 
tan ve 
1 
UU l i : 
a a 
vf WE 


se i ii 


THE TRIBUTE OF THE 


Seale ; 


AST WALL. 
PLATE XXXVIII. 


/ wb! eee 
MMi ae wee ae sO\(elo) <6 Re 
am TFL Sy awit | et 
lal Mi jf By a 
\ i tae ANE . ( ‘ Se 
ec pore i i ae 
ay eae ary Ge POS G va » 
any ae Bess ‘ 
SN 3 eal yond as I 


SE or 


ees) ‘ oe 
Dp mr oy (Ws ie ae ae nes 
el | ue aa zea Bi | 


S— 


2 und ils 


{ BROUGHT TO THE KING. 


EL AMARNA ll. MERYRA Il, EAST WALL. 


< oe 
sa 
co .. 


») 
ivi 


Y 


i eee 
a SS = 


ED ai 
°F, 


PLATE XXXIX. 


TiS WSUS lS wits (S7Vsas 


MERYRA 


ae 
- ae 
/ 

ane 


—— 


= 

/ 
a 
He 


ee 
= ge a cs 
NN 


- A 
ae: m < 
3 me oe | 


E XL. 


ST WALL. 


x 


ic 
<_- 
a ee 
YS a 


sI\)s 


wis ~ 


Cees 


a 


ISTERS. 


—— ee 


. 


Et AMARNA II. MERYRA 11 


oN 


MERYRA REWA 


Seale 4 


ALL, E. SIDE. PLATE XLI 


= st NE oc ls 
iO OF (CO) fn 
USI (2.5 | feel TCI [fo 
a) VS) tu (Be 
olka AmB Same Ame 
Oe OA MAP for 


Missing Cartouches from L.D. III. 99. 


> BY THE KING. 


Et AMARNA II. : TOMBS 1a, 1B, ETc. PLATE XLII. 


— g a tia accel \ 
perl SECTION, i 
| SECTION 
; 
Wnio By 
ia ee 
—7 =a f 


Efe 


Yi 
gO 


* Unfinished 


Architrave 


‘ 
IN Ila 


He 
Ml 


) 


! 
1 
' 
1 
' 
’ 
1 
' 
i 
' 
1 
' 
i 


' 
1 
' 
' 
1 
1 
‘ 
‘ 
' 
' 
' 


Ny 


$ 

? 

3 
| 

ae 


W= 0 
it 


4“. Gs 


1 Gi 
At “LS 


INSCRIPTION ON FACADE. { Section 
A 


Re LAS 


—_ 


PLAN. 


PLAN 


TOMB 1B. 


ELEVATION 


r 
wy, 
Tomb SE 
} {' tt 
Tomb gti A el a B © 
d 4 ey % + 
4 Tomb SB we > as Pees 
Syne) pn ned, Soe p 
rd : US ys 
di Y SS 
: ‘i =i ee Lo oe 
Seale + RUBBLE WALLS OUTSIDE TOMBS 3A-E. 
480 


Et AMARNA Il.. TOMBS 3a, 3c, 30. PLATE XLIII. 


TOMB 3a. 


PLAN. 


ELEVATION 


= 


Section a a as 


Tomes 3p. 


ELEVATION 


Milt ite 


“Gye 


LONGITUDINAL SECTION 


SECTION ON A.B, 


TOMB 3c. 


> es ** 


Et AMARNA II. TOMBS 3B, 3¢e, 6c. PLATE XLIV. 


SECTION ON A.B. 


TOMB 6c. 


ELEVATION, TOMB 3B. 


TomMB 3E. ELEVATION. 


filed > 
Z = 
obese 2 
eka pr arer 
CeanitA 
ar TTR MTITTT ap <7 
———E—EE eee > “istddidddddddddddd OTTPPY TECTED OUTED 
a LLOT OIL 
rm =a; 
eee a eee ee 


LONGITUDINAL SECTION 


SECTION OF CEILING ON A.B. 


SECTION OF CEILING ON C.D. 


TOMB 3B. 
Seale 3 


PLATE XLV. 


TOMBS 3F AND 6B. 


Ev AMARNA Il. 


WMS GG, 
Ay 
Ny 


N 
SSS 


a La 
Yb 


ELEVATION 


SECTION. 


Toms 6B. PLAN. 


flit 


SECTION ON A.B. 


ELEVATION 


= 
Y 


SECTION ON C.D. 


PLAN. 


ToMB 3F. 


Seale 


,s. 


PLATE XLVI. 


TOMB OF MERYRA 


EL AMARNA 


‘(eg ALvid) 


‘“AMNVY4 WAOY SHL 


‘TIWH SHL 


“WS ALWId) ‘ZE ALV1d) 


PLATE XLVII, 


S3SS3ONINd AHL JLNgSINL SHL 


Il. 


TOMB OF MERYRA 


EL AMARNA 


Bu 


“ 


& 


ities her 


PUBLICATIONS OF THE 


Edited by F. 
I.—BENE HASAN. Part I. For 1890-91. “By 
Purcy HE. NEwserry, With Plans and Measurements 
of the Tombs hy G. W. Fraser. 49 Plates 

(4 coloured), Price 2is, 
II—BENT HASAN, Part I. For 1891-92. ay 


With Appendix, Plans and 
37 Plates: (2. col.): 


Percy HE. > NwwBerry. 
Measurements by G.-W. Brassey 
Price 25s, 


TL —KL* BERSHEH.,” Part I. . For 1892+93.. ° By 
FP. tn. Grover and Percy h. Newnurry. 34 Plates 
(2 coloured). Price 25s, ; 
4IV,.—EL BERSHEH.. Part Il. '.For 1893-94. By , 
, KW, Lr. Grirvivet and Percy @. Newperry. With 


Appendix by G. W. FRAsmE. -23 Plates (2 coloured), 

Price 26s. 
V.—BENI HASAN... Part III. - For 189-95. By 

K. Ln. Grirvere. 10 Coloured Plates: Price 25s. 
VI.—HIEROGLYPHS FROM THE COLLECTIONS 
OF THE EGYPT EXPLORATION PUND. |For 
1895-96. By EF. Lu. Grurrire, 9 Coloured Plates. 
Price 25s. 


PUBLICATIONS OF THE 


I—IHE STORE CITY OF PITHOM,AND THE | 


Memoir for 1883-84. 
Map: and Plan. 


aw Route OF 
By, Epovuarp NAVILLE, 
Fourth and Revised Wdition. 


THE EXODUS. 
13 Plates, 


25s. 


If.—TANIS. Part J... Memoir for 1884-85. By’W. M.. | 


FLINDERS PErRi£. 16 Plates ‘and 2 Plans. Second 
Edition,’ 25s: ‘ t us 
IlL—NAUKRATIS. Part I. Memoir for 1885-86. 


By W. M. Frinpers Pryrig. | With Chapters by-Crcr: 
Situ, HRNest A, GARDNER, and Barcnay V. HEap. 
44 Plates and Plans. Second Edition. 265s. 
1V.—GOSHEN, AND THE SHRINE OF. SAFE 
HL HENNBEEH. ‘Memoir for 1€ 6-87. By Epovarp 
Navittx. 11 Plates and Plans. Second Hdition. 25s. 
V—TANIS. Part IL, ineluding TELL DEFENNEH 
(the Biblical “Tahpanhes”) ¢ ane THLE NEBESHEEH. 
gor for 1887-88. By W. M. FxLinpers PeErTRix, 
_ Lr. Grivritn, and A, 8, Murray. 51 Plates and 
Pi ans. 205, ‘ ’ 
V{—NAUKRATIS. Part II. Memoir for. 1888-89. 
By Ernest A. GARDNER and F.° Lu. Grirrite, 24 
Plates and Plans. 25s. - Ye 
Vil.—THE CITY OF ONIAS AND THE MOUND 
OF THR JEW. The Antiquities of Tell-el-Yaht- 
diyeh. Huwtra Volume. By Epovarp NAvILLE jand 
' I" Liu. Grirritu. 26 Plates and Plans. 25s. 
VIIT,—BUBASTIS. Memoir for1889-90. 
Navitim. 44 Plates and Plans. 25s. 
1X —TIWO; HIBROGLYPHIC * PAPYRI FROM 
TANIS.~ By F. Ln. Grirrirh and W. M.. Frinpers 
Prrrm. Hetra Volume. (Out of Print.) 
X.—THE FESTIVAL .HALL OF OSORKON IL. 
(BUB*STIS). Memoir for 1890-91.’ By Epovarp 
Navini». With 39 Plates. 25s. ; 
XI/—AHNAS EL MEDINEH. Memoir for’ 1891-»2 
By Epotarp Navinse; and THE TOMB OF PAHERI 
AT EL KAB. By J.J: Tyuor and F. Lu. Grirriza. 
With 28 Plates. 25s, Also separately, THE TOMB 
OF PAHERL. BY J. ds Tytor. Edition’ de Luse, 
#2 2s. 


PUBLICATIONS OF THE 
THE OXYRHYNCHUS PAPYRI.. Part L. For 


1897-98. By Bernarp P. GRENFELL and ARTHUR 8. 
‘Hunt. With 8 Plates. 24s, 


Il.—THE OXYRHYNCHUS PAPYRI. Part II. For 
1898-99. . By Berwarp. P. Grenreni and Artuur S, 
Ehunt. With 8 Plates. 25s. 


UI—FAYUM TOWNS AND THEIR PAPYRI. For 
1899-1900. By B. P. Grenrenn, A. 8. Hunr, and 
D. G. Hogarry, With 18 Plates. 25s. 


By Epovarp 


G 


ARCHAEOLOGICAL “SURVEY OF EGYPT. 4 


L 


EGYPT EXPLORATION 


} 


t 


1, GRIFFITH. | Fy 


_VIL—BENT HASAN, = Part Iv. For i896. 97. 
VY, Ln, Grirvivem. 27 Plates (21 coloured). \ 25s. 


_ VIEL. —THE  MASTABA »,OF | PTAHHETEP’ AND 
AKHETHE?TEP AT SAQQAREH. Part T. 
1897-98. By N. pe G. Davins. 
other Plates (3 coloured). 25s. 


~IX.—THE MASTABA | OF PTAHHETEP — ‘AND » 
AKHETHETHP At SAQQARBH: Part IT. For — 
1898-99. By N. pr G. Raney, B5 Photographic and 
other Plates. ~ 25s. ' 


—THE, ROCK TOMBS. OF SHEIKH | sAiD. 
For 1899-1900. By N.. pm G. Davies. 35 Plates. 25s. 


XI. —THE ROCK TOMBS OF DEIR EL GEBRAWI. 
Part I. For 1900-1. By N. pr G. Avigs. 27 Plates 
(2,coloured). 25s. 


Xs PEE, ROCK TOMBS OF DEIR EL GEBRAWI. 


Part IT. For 1901-2. ByN. DEG. Davins. an Piaiee 
(2.coloured). 25s. 


| XU. —THE ROCK TOMBS OF EL AMARNA, Wee a 
Hor 1902-3. By N. DEG, Dayius. 42 Plates. 25s. 


FUND. 


XII.—DEIR\EL BAHART.. Introductory. “Memoir for 
1892-93. By Epovarp NAyinne. 15 PI, aud Plangs 25s. 
AI.—DEIR EL BAHARI. Part I. Memoirfor 1893-94. 
By Epovarp Navitiu. Plates I,-XXIV. (3 coloured), 
with Description. Royal folio, 30s. 
XIV.—DEIR EL BATARI. Part II. Memoir for 1894.95, 
- By Epovarp Navitip. Plates XXV.-LY. (2 SOF uRER A 
with Description. Royal folio. 30s. 
XV.— DESHASHEH. Memoir for 1895- 96. By W. M: 
PiiNpERs Prrrm. Photogravure and 37 ‘ek Pl. 26s. 
-XVIL—DEIR EL BAHART: 
1896-97, By. Epouarp Navinur. 
(2 coloured), with Description. Royal folio. 30s. 
XVI.—DENDEREH.. : Memoir for 1897-98, By W. M. 
ELINDERS. Perrin: With 38 Plates. 3) Speoisih: ; 
Memoir consisting of 40 Extra Plates. 0s. 
XVHI.—ROYAL TOMBS OF THE FIRST DYNASTY... 
AT ABYDOS.. Part if. Memoir for. 1898-99. 
W. M. Prinpers Purrin. With 68, Plates. 25s, 


ae 


PY. LVI.-LXXXVI. 


iy A 


XTX.—DEIR EL BAHARI.. Part 1V. Memoir for 1899. 


1900. By Epovarp Navinnn~ Plates UXXXVIL.- 
CXVITI. (2 col.), with Description. Royalfolio. 80s. 
XX.—-DIOSPOLIS.PARVA. Extra Volume. By W.M. | 
LINDERS Perrir. With 49 Plates. 25s. 
/XXIT—THE ROYAL TOMBS OF “THE EARLIEST — 
DYNASTIES. Part II. Memoir for 1900- T. By W: M. 
LINDERS PErRin. With 63 Plates. 25s.— Special Me 
moir, consisting of 85 Extra Plates. 10s. 

- XX1L.ABYDOS; Part I: Memoir for 1901-2. By W. ME 
FINDERS, Petrie. With 81 Plates. 25s. 
XXTI—EL AMRAH AND ABYDOS. - Special nine 

Publication. By D. RANDALE-MacIveR and A. C. 


Macg.., With a Ohapter by F. Lt. GRIFFITH, - With 
'60 Plates, 25s. 


XXIV.—ABYDOS. | Part IT. Memoir for 1909-3.” By. 
W.M. FLinpers Perrin. .With 64 Plates. 25s. 
XXV.—ABYDOS: Part. I. Special Hxtra Publi- 
cation. By C. 'T. Currenay,. B. R. Ayrron, and 
A, i. P. WHIGALL, With 62 Plates. 25s. 
RAECO-ROMAN BRANCH. 
IV.—TEBTUNIS ~PAPYRI, Double. Volume. for 


1900-1 and 1901-2. 


é and J. G. Sixty. With 9 Plates. (Not on Sale.) 
V.—_TIE OXYRHYNCHUS PAPYRE,) ; Part “EL.. 
* For 1902-8. By B, PB. Seankips and A. 8. Hont. 
With 6 Plates, © 25s. \, ; 
VI--THE OXYRHYNCHUS PAPYRI. Part IV. 
For 1903-4, By B. P. GRENFELL and A: 8. Hung. 
With 8 Plates, 25s. 
VIL. <THE HIBEH PAPYRI. * Part I! For 1904-5. 


’ By BP. Grenrenn aid A/S, Hun, a vidi iss Chania 


ARCHAEOLOGICAL REPORTS. 


(Yearly Summaries by F. G, Kenyon, W. E, Crum, and the Offieers of the 
From 1892-93 to 1902-3. 

ATLAS OF ANCIENT EGYPT. | With Letterpress and Index. 
GUIDE TO TEMPLE OF DEIR EL BAHARI. With Plan. 


AOTIA IHZOY: Sayings of our Lord. 


by B. P. Gruyvecp and A, S. Hunr. 


Socicty,) Hdited by F. ‘Ln, Guucrin, 
2s: 6d. 
Second Hari. 38, 61. ‘. a 

6d. : 


2e. (wit sil and: 6d. net, en 


‘NEW SAYINGS. By B. P. Grenvwut and A 8. Tunr. ls. net. 
COPTIC OSTRACA. By W. E. Crum. 10s. 6d. net. ~ a ara 
_ Orrions or tun Eeypr ExrLoration Funp: 37, Great Russell Strevt, lato, w. ri . G3 a Oya 


and Pierce Building, Lovley Square Boe, Mass, U.S.A. 


hee y 


By B. P. Grunrunn, A. 8. Hunt, _ 


ce 


Can 


ny 
BL Photographie and a se 


te Si 
Nie? 


HA 


Part III. Memoir for ~ Ge 


