U 

n 



CORNELL 

UNIVERSITY 
LIBRARY 




BOUGHT WITH THE INCOME 
OF THE SAGE ENDOWMENT 
FUND GIVEN IN 1 89 1 BY 

HENRY WILLIAMS SAGE 



Cornell University Ulbrary 
DT 62.T6D264 

Tomb of Queen Tiv', 





3 1924 028 654 691 .■m«2 



t^ 






■~ 


, V 








v^jlMt'^i ^' '('--■ 


i^i'".:? 














MAR'S 


U»-fMK' 






I 




' 








IHftf^ 


iSSSjl!^ 


n 












— 4»= 


a+«»-ij 


■T 










UmFSs^ 


^:ft^ 


4 




^ 




N 








^ 


**— ^ 






^W 
















ff 












« 








v 








1 








1 








1 


H" ; .V.., - ■ 



THEODOEE M. DAVIS' 

Excavations- 



excavations 



IN THE 



TOMBS OF THE KINGS. 



FRONTISPIECE 




it 






V 
I 

1^ 



<► — ' 

w 

D 

a 
o 

O 

h 




\<^y 



1^\ 



Cornell University 
Library 



The original of this book is in 
the Cornell University Library. 

There are no known copyright restrictions in 
the United States on the use of the text. 



http://www.archive.org/details/cu31924028654691 



THEODORE M. DAVIS' 

EXCAVATIONS : BIBAN EL MOLUK 



THE TOMB or QUEEN TITI 



THE DISOOYEET OF THE TOMB 



BY 

THEODOEE M. DAVIS 



SKETCH OE THE LIFE OF QUEEN TlYI 

BY 

GASTON MASPERO 

NOTE ON THE ESTIMATE OF THE AGE ATTAINED BY THE PEESON 
WHOSE SKELETON WAS FOUND IN THE TOMB 

BY 

G. ELLIOT SMITH, M.A., M.D., F.RS. 

PEOPBSSOE OF ANATOMY IN THE EG-TPTIAN GOTBBNMENT SCHOOI OP MEDICINE, CAIEO 

THE EXCAVATIONS OF 1907 

BY 

EDWARD AYETON 

CATALOGUE OF THE OBJECTS DISCOYERED 

BY 

GEOEGE DAEESSY 

ILLUSTEATIONS IN COLOUE 

BY 

E. HAEOLD JONES 



LONDON 
CONSTABLE AND CO. Ltd.. 

10, OEANGE STEEET, LEICESTEE SQUAEE 
1910 



/\7n-ii^ 



A/\ 



CONTENTS. 



PAftE 

Teeface : BY Theodore M. Davis vii 

List of Illustrations ix 

A Sketch of Queen TIyi's Life : by Professor Gaston Maspero xiii 

A Note on the Estimate of the Age attained by the Person 
WHOSE Skeleton was found in the Tomb : by G. Elliot Smith, 

M.A., M.D., F.K.S xxiii 

' The Finding of the Tomb of Queen TIyi : by Theodore M. Davis . 1 

The Excavation of the Tomb of Queen TIyi, 1907 : by Edward 

E. Ayrton 7 

-Catalogue of the Objects found in the Tomb : by George 
Daressy : — 

I. Sepulchral Canopy 13 

II. Coffin 16 

III. Ornaments of the Mummy 20 

IV. Canopic Vases 24 

V. Religious Objects and Amulets 26 

VI. Various Objects 32 

IBrief Summary op the Objects found in the Tomb of Queen 

TauosrIt 41 



PREFACE. 



I DESIRE to express my gratitude to Dr. Professor Schafer, of Berlin, for 
-allowing me to pubHsh the beautiful " Head of an Unknown Queen/' 



THEODORE M. DAVIS. 



Newport, 

Rhode Island, 

U.S.A. 



LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS. 



PLATE 

I. 

II. 

III. 

IV. 

V. 

VI. 

VII. 

VIII. 

IX. 

X. 

XI. 

XII. 

XIII. 

XIV. 

XV. 

XVI. 

XVII. 

XVIII. 

XIX. 

XX. 

XXI. 

XXII. 

XXIII. 



Tomb of Queen TIti .... 
Objects found in the Tomb of Queen TIyi 



Four Alabastee Heads of Queen TIyi 



Alabastek Pokteait Head of Queen TIyi (Natueal Size) 



Canopic Jaes of Queen TIyi 

Impeeial Ceown of Queen TIyi 
Gold Necklace of Queen TIyi 

COENEE BkICKS .... 

Beonze Wedges 



. Frontispiece. 
At end of Volume. 



PLATE 

XXIV. Entrance to the Tomb of Queen TIyi . . . . 

XXV. Sepulchral Chamber, showing Entrance .... 

XXVI. „ „ showing CoFFm and Canopic Jars 

XXVII. „ „ showing Shrine (destroyed) covered 

with Gold Foil 

XXVIII. „ „ Fragment of Shrine . 

XXIX. Panel covered with Gold Foil, showing Portrait of Queen 
TIyi and Erased Figure of Khunlatonu 

XXX. Coffin in Sepulchral Chamber 

XXXI. Eight-hand Post and Beams, covered with Stucco overlaid 
WITH Gold ; from Sepulchral Canopy .... 

XXXII. Side of Sepulchral Canopy, showing the Figure 

XXXIII. Figure of Queen TIyi 

XXXIV. Head of Queen Tiyi (from a Statuette found by Professor 

Petrie at Sinai) 

XXXV. Head of Unknown Queen; found in Fayum, and Purchased 
BY the Berlin Egyptian Museum 



At end of Volume. 



» t 



A SKETCH OF QUEEN TlYI'S LIFE. 



A SKETCH OF QUEEN TITI'S LIFE. 

BY G. MASPERO. 



§ I.— IS THE NEW PLACE THE TOMB OF TIYI, OE OF 

KHUNIATONU ? 

First of all it must be clearly understood that the vault discovered by Davis 
is not a real tomb ; it is a rough cell in the rock, which has been used as a 
secret burying-place for a member of the family of the so-called Hasretic 
Kings, when the reaction in favour of Anion triumphed. The transfer of 
the mummy from its original tomb at Thebes, or El-Amarna, was devised 
and made in order to save it from the wrath of victorious sectarians ; if this 
had not been the case, it would have been destroyed or robbed of its treasures. 
Only two Pharaohs are likely to have been actuated by kind feelings for 
Khuniatonu — those two who were connected with his family, Ai and 
Tuatankhamanu — it was one of them who planned and executed the 
operation. That he succeeded in carrying it out secretly is evident from the 
fact that, while the Xombs of the Kings were desecrated and plundered 
completely, this place, with its wealth of gold, remained concealed and 
untouched until last year. The whole furniture was still in it, ready to 
bear witness as to the name and rank of its owner. 

When subsequently tested, its evidence was both obscure and conflicting. 
Such of the small objects as were inscribed bore the name of Amenothes III 
and of his wife Tiyi, proving that the set of tiny pots, boxes, tools, fictitious 
ofi'erings, in enamelled stone or glazed pottery, were the property of the queen. 
The big catafalque, in which the body had been borne to its resting-place 
on the day of the burial, belonged to the same lady, and its inscriptions 

state that King Khuniatonu ^^"~^}^^^^ Ch^iiii], ''had 
"made it for the king's mother, great wife of the king, Tiyi." So far, 
so good, and there seemed to be no possible ground for doubting that the 
tomb was Tiyi's ; but when we came to examine the mosaic coffin and the 
sheets of gold in which the mummy was wrapped, we found that their 
legends asserted the mummy to be no other than Khuniatonu himself It 



was very badly preserved, having been soaked in water and partly crushed 
by a block which had fallen from the roof, so that what remained of it 
was little more than disconnected bones, with a few shreds of dried skin 
and flesh adhering to or hanging from them. Dr. Elliot Smith, who studied 
the skull minutely, pronounced it to be the skull of a man aged about 
twenty-five or twenty-six years. Whether or not he be right about the age 
is a matter for anatomists only to decide ; there is evidence, however, 
that the body discovered in Davis's vault is that of a man, and that man 
Khuniatonu, if we must accept the testimony of the inscriptions. 

Such being the facts, how are we to reconcile them and explain satisfactorily 
the presence of Khuniatonu's body amidst Tiyi's furniture ? This paradoxical 
combination may either have been made on purpose, or be the result of some 
mistake on the part of the persons who executed the transfer. In the first 
case, we ought, perhaps, to conjecture that, wishing to prevent any harm 
being done to the king by some fanatical devotee of Amon, the hiders wanted 
the people to believe that the body they were burying was Tiyi's : accordingly, 
they took with it Tiyi's catafalque and Tiyi's small furniture, the only 
exception being the canopic jars which, from the shape of the face, I assume 
to have been Khuniatonu's. I must confess that I look on this explanation 
as being too far-fetched to hold good. The second supposition seems to me 
to be nearer the truth : the mummies of the dead members of Khuniatonu's 
family must have been taken out of their tombs and brought over to Thebes 
all together, with such articles of their furniture as it was thought they 
needed most. Once there, they must have been kept quietly for a few days 
in some remote chapel of the Necropolis, as were the mummies of Setui I and 
other Pharaohs before reaching their last retreat at Deir el-Bahari. When 
the time came for each to be taken to the hiding-place which had been 
prepared for them in the Biban el-Moluk, the men who had charge of these 
secret funerals mixed the coffins, and put the son where the mother ought 
to have been. Visitors to the Cairo Museum, who have seen the coffins of 
Touiya and Touiyou, and how like they are to each other, will not wonder at 
such a confusion having been made, especially if we suppose that the transfer 
took place at night time. 

I believe that Davis's vault was originally designed for Tiyi, and for Tiyi's 
furniture, but that Khuniatonu's mummy was buried in it by mistake. 
There is still some chance that Khuniatonu's appointed tomb may be 
discovered in the Biban el-Moltik with Tiyi's mummy lying in state amongst 
her son's property 



§ II.— THE FACTS ABOUT TIYI. 

The name | \\ i] '] ^ is read sometimes Thiy : even if it were proved that 
the sign 1= was pronounced commonly th in the language of the second 

Theban Empire, the syllabic ]| has for its equivalent '=^\\\\ ^(] with a ^ ^, and 

not a s=>. The pronunciation Tiyi, or with the dialectal e, Teye, is the right 
one, and is supported by the testimony of the Assyrian monuments. 

Tiyi was a daughter of louiya and Touiyou, his wife, both of whom were 
Egyptians of mediocre, if not of low, extraction.^ louiya seems to have 
been originally a member of the priesthood of Minu, lord of Akhmim, a 

prophet of that god ] j[ :a5^ , and a superintendent of his herds of oxen 

1^ I -^ ^^r::7 (J D^ . Touiyou was a " Chauntress of Amanu " •=^ (] 

"and a tire-woman of the king" \^^^ not, as it has been said, "the 

" Mistress of the robes," but one of the women who kept the robes of the 
king in order, and who helped to dress him every day. The higher titles 
and epithets, which we find afiixed to their names on their own coffins and 
funerary furniture, were given to them in after life, when their daughter was 
queen of Egypt. 

There are a few dated monuments of Tiyi's life, scarabs for the most part. 
Perhaps the most important of them is that one which records the Wild 
Cattle Hunt, not so much on account of the facts on it, but because it has a 
date of the second year of Amenothes's reign : — 



'^=^1}^\\\ 



" The Ilnd year, under the Majesty of King Amenothes III, and the Great 
" Wife of the King, Tiyi, living like Raiya. 



" 2 



1 See Davis, The Tmnb of louiya and Touiyou, pp. xiii-xxiv. 

2 Two specimens of these scarabs are known : the first belonged to Mr. G. W. Frazer, and 
was published by him in the Proceedings, t. XXI, PL III, pp. 155, 156, and in the Catalogue of 
his collection of scarabs, PI. XVI and p. 56 ; the second belonged to the Eev. W. MacGregor, 
and was published by Newberry, Scarabs, PL XXXIII, 1, and pp. 173-176. 



XVI 



The form of the date proves that the indication of the second year applies 
as much to her as to her husband, as she was already a queen at that early 
date. After this second year, there are no dated monuments of her until we 
come to the tenth year, and then two scarabs were issued, one recording the 
number of lions which the king had killed with his own hand :— 

" King Araenothes III and Queen Tiyi, living . . . from the first year until 
" the year 10 . . " ' 

while the second refers to the coming to Egypt of Giloukhipa, daughter of 
Shoutarna, king of Mitani : — 



I AA/WV\ 



" Year 10, under the Majesty of King Amenothes III and Queen Tiyi, living, 
" whose father's name is louiya, and whose mother's name is Touiyou." 

The last date in the combined reign of Amenothes and Tiyi is that of the 
eleventh year, and is to be found on a scarab which relates the inauguration 
of an artificial lake in the city of Zaloukha : — ^ 

*T'\liM CM] ¥i QMD A f i:« CM]f 



V I 



1 About forty specimens of this scarab are known, for an account of which I refer to 
Newberry, Scarabs, PL XXXII, 2, and p. 171. 

* Two copies of it are known, one in the Berlin Museum, the other in the possession of 
Baroness Hoffmann ; cf. Newberry, Scarahs, PL XXXII, 1, and p. 170. 

8 This name, which had been correctly read by the first Egyptologists up to the time of 
Wiedemann {Aegyptische Geschichte, p. 382), was miscorrected into Zalou-Selle of the Delta; 
the true reading has been restored lately by Steindorff and Breasted (Zeitschrift, 1901, 
pp. 62-66). 



— XTII — 



"Year 11, third month of Akhait, the first, under the Majesty of King 
" Amenothes III and Queen Tiyi, living. — His Majesty ordered a lake 
"to be made for Queen Tiyi, living, in her town of Zaloukha, 3,700 
" cubits in length, 700 cubits in breadth. His JNIajesty made the 
" [usual] feast for the opening of the lakes, in the third month of 
" Akhait, the sixteenth, when His Majesty sailed upon it in the royal 
" barge Atontahunu." 

The town of Zaloukha is otherwise unknown, but Steindorff, Breasted, 
and Newberry all came independently to the conclusion that it was identical 
with the palace-town of Amenothes III and Tiyi, which was discovered by 
Grdbaut and partly excavated by Tytus six years ago : the lake which the 
king made for his wife would be the modern Birket Habou. Even conceding 
that the so-called Birket Habou is the site of an old reservoir — which has 
never been proved — the difference between its dimensions and the measure- 
ments on the scarab is so great, that it is difficult to admit the proposed 
identification. 

From this eleventh year to the end of the reign we possess no dated record 
of Tiyi but one document, and this, though bearing no mention of a regnal 
year, refers to an event which happened, at the latest, in the first year. This 
is the so-called Marriage scarab : ^ 



" King Amenothes III and Queen Tiyi, living, whose father's name is louiya 
" and whose mother's name is Touiyou, and who is the wife of the 
" strong king, whose southern boundary is to Kalai, and the northern is 
"toNaharaina."^ 

1 With reference to the four specimens of this scarab which are known, r/. Newberry, Scarabs, 
PI. XXXIII, 2, and pp. 176-178. 

2 Newberry, Scarabs, PI. XXXII, 3, and p. 172. 

3 ^i:Q&5ieA,AntientBecords of Egypt, t. II, pp. 344, 345, and A History of Egypt, pp. 329, 330. 



The conclusion that this scarab was issued in remembrance of the marriage 
has been drawn from the insistence with which Amenothes says that " the 
" Great Wife of the king, Tiyi .... she is the wife of the strong king." It 
seems to me, however, that the real meaning of the inscription is to be 
elicited, not from that part of the inscription, but from the last words, in 
which the limits of the empire are indicated : they assert the power of 
Amenothes and the extent of his dominions in such a way, that they lead 
us to suppose that the scarab was destined to proclaim the accession of a 
new king. I should therefore see in it an Accession, and not a Marriage, 
scarab. The reason why the king put so much stress on the fact that Tiyi 
was his wife, is probably to be sought for in the departure from traditional 
customs which he made when he inserted her name in the official protocol : 
no queen had been thus honoured before his time. If this interpretation 
prevailed, it would confirm us in the opinion that Amenothes married Tiyi 
while he was still heir to the crown. ^ 

Those are all the dated facts in the united lives of Amenothes III and 
Tiyi ; the undated are not so scarce, and they bear witness to the powerful 
influence which Tiyi exerted on her husband. She acted with him in the 
ceremonies for the consecration of the temples he restored or built. Thus, at 
Soleb, in Nubia, where Amenothes was associated with the cult of Amon-ra, 
she followed him with her sons and daughters, and she made homage to his 
deity ;^ to show his gratitude, he built a temple for her, at Sedeinga, of which 
temple she was the Goddess. ^ In Egypt itself she appears next to him on 
the famous Memnon Colossi at Thebes, and on numerous small objects, lists 
of which are to be found in recent books on the history of Egypt ; * we 
learn from them nothing more than what we knew already from other 
sources. The only monument which is of interest for us is the large group 
from Medinet Habu, now transferred to the Cairo Museum : ^ there we see 
her sitting next to her husband, and with them three of their daughters : 

Honittaunebu, and a third one, whose 



i¥G 






1 Breasted, A History of Egypt, p. 329, admits the possibility of his having married Tiyi 
" already as crown prince." 

2 Cailliaud, Voyage d, Mdroi, Atlas, t. II, PI. 14 ; Lepsius, Denkmdler, III, PI. 83-88. 
'^ Lepsius, DenJcmciler, III, PI. 82, e-i. 

' Wiedemann, AegyptiscJie GescMchte, pp. 389-392; Flinders Petrie, A History of Egypt, 
t. II, pp. 202, 203. 

5 Daressy, JSfotes et Bemarques, § CCII, in Beaieil dc Travaux, t. XXIV, pp. 165, 166. 



name has completely disappeared. Honittaunebu is probably identical with the 
^^,__j.yj, who, according to Lepsius, was represented in the temple at 
Soleb. ^ The group is in the best Theban style of the period, with idealized 
features : the face of the queen is rounded and regular, and bears very 
little resemblance to her real face as it is known to us from the head 
found by Petrie in Sinai. 

Tiyi bore many children to Amenothes III, only iive of whom are known 

to us, four daughters, jj^l^ Isit,^ c^^Sci^lP^ Honittaunebu, transcribed in 
error fj-^Qjf^ Honitmerhabi,^ 'I/wvaaa'^ Sitamanu who was probably 
the third daughter in the group in the Cairo Museum,* '^^ij'^ 
Bakitniatonu, of whom more anon, and a son who was afterwards the 
celebrated Amenothes V — Khuniatonu. Nothing but the name is known 
concerning the three eldest daughters, and the place of the fourth in the 
family was misunderstood until quite recently. As she appears only at 
El-Amarna, and bears a name composed with Atonu, she was supposed to be 
a daughter of Khuniatonu. Now we have proof that she was Tiyi's daughter, 
born, probably, somewhat late in the reign of Amenothes III ® The original 

form of her name may have been ^^ ^^ (1 ^^^^ Bakitniamanu, and the final 
Amanu changed to Atonu during her brother's reign ; this, however, is mere 
conjecture. She must have been quite young when her father died, for she 
is represented as a girl in the twelfth year of Khuniatonu, and was unmarried 
at that time. As none of the three eldest sisters are alluded to under 
Khuniatonu, it seems probable that they died in their father's lifetime. 

When her son came to power, Tiyi continued at first to enjoy great 
authority. The king of Mitani, Dushratta, wrote directly to her and 
implored her to exert her influence with her son, to obtain for him certain 
favours, or according to his view rights, he was claiming, and whenever he 

1 Lepsius, Denkmdler, III, PI. 86&; cf. Lepsius, Konigsbuch, no. 379, and Bouriant-Brugsch, 
Le Livre des Rois, no. 356. 

3 Lepsius, Denkmdler, III, PI. 86&; cf. Brugsch-Bouriant, Le Livre des Bois, no. 356. 

= Flinders Petrie, Illahun, PI. XVII, no. 20 ; Daressy, Notes et Remarques, § COIL in 
Eecueil de Travaux, t. XXIV, pp. 165, 166 and under the faulty form, Lepsius, Denhnaler, 

III, PL 86&. 

* Birch, in Archaeological Journal, t. VIII, p. 297 ; Mariette, Abydos, t. II, PI. 49 ; Flinders 
Petrie Tdl el-Amarna, PL XIII, no. 16 ; Dr. Davis, The Tomb of louiija, pp. 38, 43. 

5 Flinders Petrie,^ Sistory of Egypt, t. II, pp. 203, 204; S. de G. Davis, The Bock Tombs of 

El-Amarna, t. Ill, PL XVIII, and pp. 15, 16. 

3. 



— XX — 



wrote to Khmiiatonu, he adjured him to consult his mother about the 
friendly relations he had entertained with her husband. ^ Nevertheless, it 
seems that after a time she Was, if not put completely aside, at least left out 
of most political affairs. She is never mentioned in the documents in which 
Khuniatonu narrates how he founded his new capital and inaugurated or 
enlarged it ; only his wife, Nofriteiti, and her daughters are represented as 
participating with the king in the rites of consecration. Is this a sufficient 
reason to allow us to affirm that, though she had a palace in El-Amarna^ and 
a household, of which a certain Houiya was a superintendent,^ she did not 
reside there habitually, but that she lived, most of her time, in her palace 
at Thebes 1 It needs more proofs than we have to make such an assertion, 
and to draw from it the conclusion that, far from being the inspirer of the 
Atonian creed, she preferred to keep out of it as far as it was compatible 
with her dignity of mother of the reformer. One thing onlj^ is certain, that 
is, that about the twelfth year of her son's reign [ ^ ^ '^ -^ \\\[ > * ^^^ ^^^ 
in El-Amarna. I say about the twelfth year, because the date relates, not to 
any fact in which she was necessarily concerned, but to a reception by the 
king of Syrian and Ethiopian tributes, and Tiyi's visit might have occurred 
somewhat earlier or somewhat later. The different episodes of her stay are 
depicted freely in Houiya's tomb. A tableau is dedicated to the memory of 
her husband, and associates him with the honours she is receiving from her 
son. Amenothes III sits on a chair in front of his royal wife, and raises his 
own hand towards one of the small hands with which the rays of the sun 
are provided. Her protocol is written behind her : 



" The Princess, the most praised, the lady of grace, sweet in her love, who fills 
" the palace with her beauties, the Regent of the South and the North, 
" the great wife of the king who loves him, the lady of both lands, Tiyi," 

exactly as if her husband was still living. In front of her, her youngest 
daughter, Bakitatonu "^^^^(["f^^^l, raises her hand 

1 Winckler, Die TJwntafeln von Tell el-Amarna, pp. 68-81. 

2 Flinders Petrie, TeU-Amarna, PL XXII, and p. 33. 

3 See his titles in N. de G. Davis, The Rock Tombs of M-Amarna, t. Ill, PI. I-XXV 
and pp. 1-25, ' 

* N. de G. Davies, The Bock Tombs of M-Amarna, t. Ill, PI. XIII, p. 9. 



towards her father. ^ In another place we see how she was invited to the table 
of the king, and how she sat in front of her son and of her daughter-in-law 
with Bakitatonu ; she is crowned with the diadem of the two feathers and 
the sun-disk on flaming horns, while Pharaoh and his wife wear an ordinary 
head-dress.^ The entertainment was protracted till late into the night, and 
ended in a kind of drinking bout,^ as in some of the tales in the Arabian 
Nights. Further on, it is shown how she was led by her son to the temple 
of Atonu,* where a part of the building was known as the Sun-shade of Tiyi, 
in parallelism with the Sun-shade T of her son.'^ 

Thus she disappears from our eyes in a kind of apotheosis. 

§ III— CONCLUSION. 

When we come to examine coolly the few facts which are known about 
Tiyi, very little remains of the romance with which most early writers 
have surrounded her person. She was an Egyptian, born of parents of low, 
or, at the best, of middle condition, and her father was in the service of a 
provincial Egyptian god. She was already married to Amenothes when he 
notified officially his accession to the throne, and she was invested by her 
husband with the full honours of a reigning queen of Egypt. Her fame passed 
the frontiers of Egypt, and the vassal or allied kings of Asia tried to win her 
goodwill whenever they were in need of help, or when they claimed a gift from 
their liege. Her power lasted till the death of Amenothes III and continued 
for awhile under Amenothes IV, but she probably remained in Thebes and 
came to Khuniatonu occasionally ; her last visit was about the twelfth year 
of her son's reign. It seems probable that she died in his lifetime. Whether 
she was buried at Thebes or at El-Amarna, we are not able to say. I have 
already given above, in Section I of this sketch, a possible explanation of 
the facts connected with the presence of part of her funerary apparel in the 
hiding place at Biban el-Moltik. 

Milon-la-Chapellb, 

22nd September, 1908. 

1 N. de G. Davies, The Bock Tombs of El-Amarna, t. Ill, PL XVIII, and pp. 15, 16. 

2 Ibid., t. Ill, PI. IV, V, and pp. 4-7. 
^ Ibid., t. Ill, PI. VI, VII, and p. 7. 

* Ibid., t. Ill, PI. VII-XII, and pp. 7-9. 

5 On this Smishade, cf. N. de G. Davies, The Rock Tombs of El-Amarna, t. Ill, pp. 19-25. 



A NOTE ON THE ESTIMATE OF THE AGE ATTAINED 
BY THE PERSON WHOSE SKELETON WAS 
FOUND IN THE TOMB. 



BY 



G. ELLIOT SMITH, M.A, M.D, F.R.S., 

Professor of Anatomy in the Egyptian Government School of Medicine, Cairo : 
sometime Fellow of St. John's College, Cambridge. 



When these bones were sent to me for examination two years ago, I reported 
that they formed the greater part of the skeleton of a young man, who, 
judged by the ordinary European standards of ossification, must have attained 
an age of about twenty-five or twenty-six years at the time of his death. 
At the same time I called attention to the fact that the dates at which the 
various bones of the human skeleton underwent consolidation and ceased 
growing were subject to a very wide range of variation in different individuals, 
so that a bone which had reached its full development in one person at 
twenty years of age might, in another, be still incomplete at twenty-five, 
and a vertebra, which might be complete at twenty-five years of age in one 
man, may take five years longer to become consolidated in another person. 

Such considerations led me to make the reservation that the estimated 
age of twenty-five or twenty-six years might, in any given individual, be 
lessened or increased by two or three years, if his growth was precocious 
or delayed, respectively. The question has been put to me by archaeologists : 
" Is it possible that these bones can be those of a man of twenty-eight or 
thirty years of age ? " For the reasons indicated above, no anatomist would 
be justified in denying that this individual may have been twenty-eight, but 
it is highly improbable that he could have attained thirty years if he had 
been normal. 



The cranium, however, exhibits in an unmistakable manner the distortion 
characteristic of a condition of hydrocephalus. The bones, therefore, cannot 
be regarded as those of a perfectly normal person, so that there is the 
possibility — though it is nothing more — that the process of ossification may 
not have followed the usual course, but have been delayed. 

To make this position clear would need a somewhat detailed examination 
of the technical evidence, which Mr. Davis tells me he does not want for the 
purposes of this volume. 

All that I need state here at i)resent is that, taking the evidence of 
such standard authorities as Poirier (Paul Poirier et A. Charpy, Traite 
d'Anatomie Humaine," Tome P^'', 1899) and Testut {Traite d'Anatomie 
Humaine" 1899), and examining it in the light of the data regarding the 
relation of the times of consolidation of various bones, the one to the other, 
in a large series of ancient Egyptian skeletons, I still maintain the opinion 
mentioned above : — that the skeleton is that of a man of twenty-five or 
twenty-six years of age, without excluding the possibility that he may 
have been several years older. 

GRAFTON ELLIOT SMITH. 



THE FINDING OF THE TOMB OP QUEEN tIYI. 



THE mmim of the tomb of queen tiyl 



THEODORE M. DAVIS. 



On the 1st of January, 1907, having exhausted the surrounding sites, I had 
to face a space of about forty feet oblong and at least fifty feet high, covered 
with limestone chippings, evidently the dumping of the surrounding tombs. 
Within a few feet was the open tomb of Rameses IX, and on the east and 
south sides were the open tombs of Seti I, and Rameses I, II, and III ; all of 
which had contributed to the hill. There was no sign of the probability of a 
tomb. On the contrary, it seemed to be a hopeless excavation, resulting in 
a waste of time and money. Nevertheless, it had to be cleared, whatever 
the result. Possibly it may interest the reader to know that the most 
difficult, delaying, and expensive work is the finding of a place where the 
debris can be dumped. Generally, it has to be moved two or three times, as 
the first dumping-ground may probably cover some tomb, therefore the 
debris nmst be returned to the original spot, in case no tomb is found. 

With a large gang of men, we commenced clearing on the apex of the hill, 
within a few feet of the tomb of Rameses IX. In the course of a few days 
we reached the level of the door of his tomb, finding nothing but the 
chippings of the surrounding tombs. But down we went some thirty feet, 
when we found stone steps evidently leading to a tomb. Finally, we 
discovered the lintel of a door which proved to be about eight feet high and 
six feet wide. It had been closed with large and small stones, held in place 
with cement or plaster, but, with the exception of a wall about three feet 
high, these had been pulled down. The clearing of the door, so that we 
could enter, was soon done, when we found that within a few feet of the 
door, the mouth of the tomb was filled with stones to within four feet of the 
roof. On this pile of stones were lying two wooden doors, on each of which 
copper hinges were fixed. The upper faces of the doors were covered with 
•gold foil marked with the name and titles of Queen liyi. It is quite 



2 THE FIN^DING OF THE TOMB OP QUEEN TIYL 

impossible to describe the surprise and joy of finding the tomb of the great 
queen and her household gods, which for these 3,000 years had never been 
discovered. 

The next and most difficult task was to pass the " doors," as they filled the 
space between the walls and could not be moved for fear of injuring the 
gold inscriptions. However, with the skill of the native captain, we got a 
beam about ten inches wide between one wall and the golden door. On this 
beam I managed to crawl over, striking my head and most of my body but 
without damaging the doors. I then made my way down the tomb, finding 
some stones and sand. En route, we noticed many small objects. Within 
seventy feet we came to a break in the corridor about six feet deep, which 
proved to be a room about fifteen by eighteen feet, whose walls and roof had 
been badly cemented. To the right, some five feet from the floor, was a 
cutting in the rock, about four feet square and three feet high, and in it 
were four canopic jars with the heads on ; these bore no hieroglyphs and no 
signs of the original owner. 

On the floor near by lay the coffin made of wood, but entirely covered 
with gold foil and inlaid with semi-precious stones, as will be seen from the 
photograph in the catalogue. Evidently the coffin had either been dropped 
or had fallen from some height, for the side had burst, exposing the head 
and neck of the mummy. On the head plainly appeared a gold crown, 
encircling the head, as doubtless it was worn in life by a probable queen. 
Presently we cleared the mummy from the coffin, and found that it was a 
smallish person, with a delicate head and hands. The mouth was partly 
open, showing a perfect set of upper and lower teeth. The body was enclosed 
in nnnnmy-cloth of fine texture, but all of the cloth covering the body was of 
a ver}^ dark colour. Naturally it ought to be a much brighter colour. Rather 
suspecting injury from the evident dampness, I gently touched one of the 
front teeth (3,000 years old), and alas ! it fell into dust, thereby showing 
that the mummy could not be preserved. We then cleared the entire 
mummy, and found that from the clasped hands to the feet, the body was 
covered with pure gold sheets, called gold foil, but nearly all so thick that 
when taken in the hands, they would stand alone without bending. These 
sheets covered the body from side to side. When we had taken off the gold 
on the front of the mummy, we lifted it so as to get the gold underneath, 
which was plainly in sight. Mr. Joseph Lindon Smith, an artist drawing for 
me, put his hands under a large sheet of gold, and, as he lifted it up, 
exclaimed : " I have something on my hands which you have never found 



THE FINDING OF THE TOMB OF QUEEN TIYI. 3 

before." When he gave it to me, I put my hands under it and found them 
wet with water. 

It may be interesting to know how the water got into the tomb and why it 
remanied there. There was a narrow crack in the rock roof within ten feet 
of the door of the tomb, which I noticed had lieen originally cemented, 
evidently as protection against the rain. There was very near it a crack 
not wider than a knitting-needle, extending six or eight feet. Doubtless, it 
wa§ supposed that no water could get in there, but it proved not to be so. 
Probably for many years the water had percolated through the crack and 
had run down the steep stone floor to the chamber where the mummy lay on 
the ground. It must be understood that the tomb was absolutely airless, 
except for what was originally shut in, and what possibly came through the 
"needle" crack, which after some years was hermetically closed by the 
dumpings from the numerous surrounding tombs. The air had absorbed all 
the dampness that it could from the objects in the tomb, but had not the 
power to absorb the water underneath the body. (In the louiya and Touiyou 
tomb I found a large open alabaster jar, two-thirds full of liquid, probably 
natron.) 

We then took off the gold crown, and attempted to remove the mununy- 
cloth in which the body was wrapped, but the moment I attempted to lift a 
bit of the wrapping, it came off in a black mass, exposing the ribs. We then 
found a beautiful necklace, which is now in the Cairo Museum. It was 
around the neck and resting on the breast beneath the mummy-cloth. 

Subsequently the wrappings of the mummy were entirely removed, exposing 
the bones. Thereupon, I concluded to have them examined and reported 
upon by two surgeons who happened to be in the " Valley of the Kings." 
They kindly made the examination and reported that the pelvis was evidently 
that of a woman. Therefore, everyone interested in the question accepted 
the sex, and supposed that the body was doubtless that of Queen Tiyi. 
Some time thereafter, the bones were sent to Dr. G. EUiot Smith, Professor 
of Anatomy in the Egyptian Government School of Medicine, Cairo, for his 
inspection and decision. Alas ! Dr. Smith declared the sex to be male. It 
is only fair to state that the surgeons were deceived by the abnormal pelvis 
and the conditions of the examination. 

Within a few feet of the cofl&n, the four alabaster canopic jars were 
standing in a small excavation in the stone wall. The heads were on the 
jars, but, on examination, it proved that the ordinary contents had been 
removed before the jars had been deposited in the tomb. There had been 



4 THE FINDING OF THE TOMB OF QUEEN TtYI. 

inscriiDtions on each vase, but for some unknown reason they had been care- 
fully obliterated, but the " sky " sign clearly shows on every jar. 

There have been some suggestions that the heads are portraits of 
Kliuniatonu (Amenhotep IV). It seems to me to be certain that if the heads 
were his, they would have been extremely elongated as was his usual 
practice. In evidence of this, it will be seen on a plaque which Khuniatonu 
caused to be made of wood, covered with gold foil, whereon is Tiyi's 
portrait, he represented her head and face elongated in his usual style (see 
Plates 29-33). From these and other evidences, I venture to insist that the 
beautiful canopic heads are portraits of Queen Tiyi. 

There were many very interesting objects in the tomb which I have not 
mentioned, but by reference to, the admirable catalogue of objects made by 
M. George Daressy, the reader can understand the interest of the find. 

In all probability her mummy was buried in a tomb in Tell el-Amarna, 
and probably would have remained there, but owing to the danger of the 
destruction of her body during the disturbances after the death of her son, 
Tut-ank-Amon, the son-in-law of Khuniatonu, doubtless brought the mummy 
and all the objects theretofore described, and took possession of the tomb. 
This we know because I found in the tomb several lead seals with his name 
recorded. No one seems to know why the contents of the tomb were not 
stolen or destroyed when they reached the tomb in the Valley ; nor can one 
understand why the gold crown at least was not taken by the priests or the 
workmen. 

The tomb in which Tiyi's objects were found was not excavated for her, as 
J\l Maspero says, nevertheless it was not disturbed until I found it. It 
seems reasonable to suppose that it was so insignificant that it was allowed 
to remain undisturbed. In addition to this, the makers of the surrounding 
tombs treated the site as a barren place to dump the rocks from the various 
tombs, thereby protecting Tiyi's deposit. We all know that insignificance 
spares many people from various troubles, as was the case with Tiyi and 
with louiya and Touiyou. 

A short time ago, I found a small pit tomb about three hundred feet from 
Tiyi's tomb. It was covered with rock and sand about three feet deep. It 
proved to be about seven feet square and six feet deep. It was filled with 
white jars sealed with covers. We opened them and found that one 
contained various interesting objects pertaining to burials. The remainder 
of the jars contained small red cups, many square limestone blocks, fairly 
well polished, and many other objects of little value, etc. Evidently thej' 



THE FINDING OF THE TOMB OF QUEEN TtYI. 5 

came from a poor man's tomb, from which the contents were carefully 
removed and secreted in the pit tomb I have described. In all probability 
the contents were removed for the purpose of finding a tomb for Queen Tiyi. 
The poverty of the style of the tomb suggests that it was the only one that 
could be found in the vicinity. In any event, it seems that the selection of 
this tomb probably protected the deposits from robbery. 

I have recently found in one of the jars a bundle of mummy-cloth which 
had been used for the protection of some of the fragile objects. On spreading 
it there appeared hieroglyphics reading, "Good God, lord of Egypt, loved by 
Min. Year 6th." It therefore is certain that he directed the clearing of 
the tomb of all its contents, which he deposited in the Pit-tomb, and then 
took possession of the tomb wherein he deposited all the objects of Queen 
Tiyi. 



THE EXCAVATION OF THE TOMB OF QUEEN 

TlYI, 1907. 



EDWARD R. AYRTON. 



The central point and the meeting place of all the Wadis at the southern end 
of the Valley of the Tombs of the Kings at Thebes is occupied by a large rock 
mound, in which Rameses IX excavated a great tomb for himself, running 
into the western face ; and various smaller tombs have been discovered to the 
north of his sepulchre on the western and northern sides of the mound. 
The western face to the south of the tomb was, however, covered with an 
immense heap of limestone chips thrown out by the masons engaged in 
cutting the tomb of Rameses VI which lies opposite, and, as this had never 
been touched in more recent times, we removed the greater part in the hopes 
of finding some older tomb of importance beneath. After sinking deep pits 
and trenchfes down the side of the rock face, we had almost given up hope 
when we came across several large jars of the XXth dynasty type lying 
together in what appeared to be a recess in the rock. On digging deeper we 
came to a cut face with squared corners on either side, showing that 
a tomb had at least been begun at this spot. We then sunk a pit straight 
down through the chippings, which at this depth were cemented together by 
the action of water, until we came to a layer of clean dry limestone fragments 
which led us to hope that the tomb might have escaped the fate of that of 
Siphtah which we had found so damaged by the entrance of water. Below 
this clean rubbish we struck a flight of well-cut stone steps and knew that we 
had discovered a tomb of the XVIIIth dynasty and no mere burial pit. 

Turning on our full gang of men we made a thorough clearance down to 
the entrance of the tomb, which had evidently been begun on a smaller scale 
and then enlarged. We found the doorway closed by a loosely-built wall of 



8 THE EXCAVATION OP THE TOMB OF QUEEN tIYI, 1907. 

limestone fragments, resting not on the rock beneath, but on the loose rubbish 
which had filled the stairway. This we removed and found behind it the 
remains of the original sealing of the door. This was composed of rough 
blocks of limestone cemented together and coated on the outside with cement 
of so hard a quality that a knife could scarcely scratch it ; on this we found 
the impressions of the oval seal of the priestly college of Amon-ra at Thebes — 
a jackal crouching over nine captives. This wall we also removed and began 
the clearance of the corridor, which we found filled with rubbish to within 
some three feet of the ceiling, near the first doorway, and sloping towards the 
other end until the space from the ceiling was almost six feet. This rubbish 
consisted of clean limestone chippings which gave the appearance of never 
having been moved far from the tomb or left outside for any length of time. 
Lying on this rubbish, at a few feet from the door by which we had entered, 
lay a large wooden object resembling a broad sled in shape. It was covered 
with gold-leaf with a line of inscription running down each side. On it lay 
a wooden door with copper pivots still in place ; this also was covered with 
gold-leaf and ornamented with a scene in low relief of a queen worshipping 
the Sun-disk. On both of the objects lay fragments of limestone which had 
injured the gold. When we examined the gold we discovered the cartouche 
of the famous Queen Tiyi. Our workmen succeeded in improvising a bridge 
consisting of a narrow beam without injury to the gold. We crawled along 
this narrow bridge and over the rubbish beyond we came to a second doorway 
which was more or less clear of rubbish. From the sill we clambered down 
a long broad slope of chippings and debris into a large oblong room, the walls 
of which were coated with stucco, but undecorated. The interior seemed to 
be in a state of complete confusion. On the slope down which we had just 
come lay a wooden door exactly similar to that which we had found in the 
corridor, and beside it stood a large alabaster vase-stand. Against the 
opposite wall of the room were leaning what appeared to be the sides and 
cornice of an enormous casket-shaped box. On the ground to the left lay 
another side of apparently the same box, whilst square beams lay scattered 
about the floor. Wherever the woodwork lay horizontally the stucco and 
gold-leaf still adhered and the scenes and inscriptions on them were conse- 
(juently preserved ; but of the pieces leaning against the wall, only one still 
retained part of its original decoration. In the further corners lay the 
remains of small wooden boxes, and in a small chamber or recess in the right- 
hand wall one could distinguish the four canopic jars. Just beneath the 
recess there lay a wooden coffin covered with gold-leaf and inlaid with 



THE EXCAVATION OP THE TOMB OP QUEEN TIYI, 1907. 9 

carnelian and glass ; it had fallen in on one side exposing the head of the 
mummy, on which appeared a gold crown. 

All the woodwork in the tomb was, however, in so fragile a state that 
nothing could be touched and it was therefore decided that, besides the usual 
views of the interior, photographs should be taken of each thing as it stood 
before we attempted the removal of anything. An expert photographer was 
telegraphed for from Cairo, and work on the tomb was suspended for a few 
days until he had taken the desired photographs, since we found that the 
shifting of rubbish so stirred up the dust as to quite obscure all outline, and 
would therefore be fatal to photography. The photographing finished, we 
began the clearance of the corridor. On first entering we had noticed, at 
a few feet from the door, a long crack in the roof, which had been ineffectually 
stopped up with cement, through which a certain amount of rain-water had 
entered the tomb, and it was owing to this accident that the woodwork in the 
large room was so fragile. The water had had the same effect on the wood in 
the corridor, and we found that it would be quite impossible to remove 
it without damaging the designs on the surface. We therefore decided to 
leave it in position, and this we were able to do by careful underpinning of 
the whole structure with planks and beams, which enabled us to remove the 
whole of the rubbish from beneath, leaving it suspended in air. 

In the rubbish of the cori'idor, which we now removed as far as the 
entrance of the room, were only found a copper graving tool, a wooden 
mallet head, and a few beads, whilst we found that the old woodwork had 
been partly upheld at one end by the lid of what must have been a very 
large alabaster vase. We now had sufficient space to work in and turned 
our attention to the coffin. The lid had, as we have already noticed, 
collapsed inwards, sphtting into two halves from the feet to the neck ; we 
were consequently able to remove it in three sections, laying each piece as 
it was removed on a specially prepared padded tray, and each in turn was 
then carried out and placed in the corridor. 

Beneath this lay the remains of the mummy, wrapped in flexible gold 
plates, but the wrappings had been so affected by moisture that they 
crumbled to the touch, and the bones would only just bear handling. 

Round the neck were the remains of a broad necklace of gold pendants 
and inlaid plaques connected by rows of minute beads, and ending in large 
lotus flowers of gold, inlaid with paste. The left arm was bent with the 
hand on the breast, and round the upper arm were three broad bracelets of 
very thin gold of a fragile nature ; the right arm was laid straight down by 



10 THE EXCAVATION OF THE TOMB OF QUEEN TIYI, 1907. ' 

the side, the hand resting on the thigh, and remains of three similar bracelets 
were round the wrist ; no rings or other jewellery were found with the 
mummy. 

Under the coffin was a long wooden boarding covered with gold-leaf, at 
the head of which were found lions' heads in wood, suggesting that the coffin 
had originally lain on a raised couch, which by collapsing, had let the coffin 
fall to the ground, and the falling lid had thus broken up the mummy. 

After we had moved the canopic jars from the small side-chamber, we 
started sifting the whole of the rubbish on the floor, and were rewarded by 
finding numerous small objects. 

In the south-west corner were the remains of a large oblong wooden box, 
which had collapsed under the weight of stucco fallen from the wall above. 
The wood was, however, in good condition, and we were able to remove it. 
Between this and the west wall were the remains of another box of small 
size — which may have originally fitted into the larger — so affected by the 
moisture that it crumbled to the touch. It had been full of small vases, 
wands, and figures of blue glazed ware. 

Four inscribed mud tablets, on two of which the cartouche of Akhenaten 
is legible, were found, respectively (a) in the north-west corner ; (b) under the 
mummy couch ; (c) in the small side-chamber ; and (d) against the east 
wall at about seven feet from the north-east corner. 

In the rubbish under the funeral couch and behind the boards against the 
south wall we found numerous fragments of small clay seals, some of which 
bore, besides the device, the cartouche of Neb-kheperu-ra (Tutankhamen). The 
remains of a necklace of small blue beads were found near to the north-east 
corner scattered about in the rubbish. 



CATALOGUE OF THE OBJECTS 



FOUND IN THE 



TOMB OF QUEEN TlYI, 



BY 



GEOEGE DARESSY. 



13 



I. SEPULCHRAL CANOPY. 



1. The Sepulchral Canopy.— The entrance corridor and the sepulchral 
chamber contained the panels of a great sarcophagus, or, more precisely, 
of a hearse which must have served to protect the coflGin during its 
transport to the necropolis. The catafalque, of rectangular form, which 
opened in front with folding-doors, is made of cedar-wood, now rotted 
by damp ; it was covered with stucco, engraved and gilded, but this 
decoration also is in bad condition and is breaking off in fragments to 
such an extent that there is no hope of preserving it. Copies made 
on the spot by Mr. Ayrton enable me to give the following details : 

Front. On the upper traverse two inscriptions face each other ; left, 

Door-posts. — On the posts forming the jambs of the door is 
a vertical column of hieroglyphs, and the ornament \^\ at the 

base. On the left jamb was inscribed-^ ^^^ W^ 



(|\\[]l]i|1-^]|'^ . The prenomen of Amenothes IV had been erased 



and that of Amenothes III substituted in red ink. 



On the right-hand post: Mf ?^SMi]i"?Sl 
S^^liSl- (PI- XXXI.) 



^x^- 



Door. — One of the leaves of the door was found in the com dor ; 
the other in the chamber. The bronze hinges were still attached to 
them {see No. 3). 

On them Queen Tiyi was figured offering flowers to Aten, the rayed 
disc. The legends engraved above this scene referred, some of them, 

to the disc : j (^^^j^^ ] | (MSlix] (^^^°^^ ^ ^^'^ ^) 

1 As there is no typographical sign in existence representing the ^ under the Aten disc, the 
sign 9 has been substituted therefor. 



O 



14 SEPULCHRAL CANOPY. 

i'^nl-i"' others to the Queen, If (o|^^f^i|[^^|f] 



Back. — Inscription of the upper border twice repeated symmetrically : 



On the left upright: SlJl^^ J^rCElllf ^I ^ I ' 

on the right iBiCMlIf^- 

The panel is entirely occupied by a scene of adoration of Aten. 
(PL XXXn.) The disc placed near the left corner emits rays termi- 
nating in hands ; some of these receive the offerings, and others protect 
the king and queen, holding the sign of life to their nostrils. The 
altar placed below the disc bears six cartouches, those of Aten, twice 
repeated, and those of the king, which have been erased. Besides what 
is placed on the altar, there are tables laden with bread and food- 
products, and amphorae are placed in light wooden stands. The king, 
the whole of whose figure has been erased, was standing about the 
middle of the scene, wearing on his head the helmet with two striped 
ribbons, and holding the baton Y emjoloyed to strike objects offered to 
divinities. Behind him is Queen Tiyi dressed in a long airy robe ; her 
neck covered with a wide necklace, her head adorned by a wig of small 
curls ; her forehead is encircled by a crown, in front of which are two 
uraei with the horns of Isis on their heads ; she is wearing the head- 
dress of the goddess Hathor, the disc surmounted by two long feathers. 
The features of the queen are remarkable : she has the long face 
and prominent chin that characterise the portraits of the reign of 
lOiuniatonu. She seems to be pouring water on the pile of offerings in 
front of her, out of which flames are apparently issuing. (PL XXXIII.) 
Inscriptions are engraved above this scene, referring to the disc : 



CQl 



or to the king and his mother : 



SEPULCHRAL CANOPY. 15 

I I 






Large Panels. — The stucco of the lateral panels is in a worse 
condition than that of the ends. It is only possible to recognise that 
the scenes on them also are adoration of the rayed disc and the 
dedication of altars of offerings. (PI. XXVIII.) The horizontal 
inscription above the scene reads thus : 



2. Bronze Tenons. — Four bronze tenons found among the rubbish served to 
fasten the cover to the sarcophagus described above. They are roughly 
rectangular in form, with rounded corners, strips of metal, 6 to 7 
millimetres in thickness. Their dimensions, length and breadth, are : 
A.— m -23 X m -068 ; B.— m -21 x m -065 ; C— m -23 x 
m '07 ; D. — m "225 X m -07. The upper part of the second 
tenon has been completely severed. It was cut in a straight line 
through half the thickness of the metal by chisels, and then snapped 
off by wrenching it sideways. (PL XXIII.) 

The upper half of the tenons were inserted into the wood of the 
cover, and fixed there by a bronze peg m '038 in length : the lower 
half to a depth of m '115 fitted into a cavity worked in the thickness 
of the sarcophagus. On each tenon there is a column of inscription 

bearing the name and title of Queen Tiyi : | ^ ^=t Qwflfld J T I" 



Door Hinges. — The folding-doors of the catafalque still retained their 
two bronze hinges, length m "13, heights with the pivots m '25 
and m '09. They consist, as usual, of one piece, hollow and 
rectangular, that fitted round the edge of the door ; its breadth is 
m '045, the space between the sides being m "04 : to this is 
attached a conical pivot in the case of the lower hinge, the upper one 
has a cylindrical pin. These objects seem to have been covered with 
gold-leaf, now fallen off as the result of oxydation. On the lintel of 
the door there was still the hollow bronze cylinder, height m "04, 
diameter m "048, in which the upper hinge of the door revolved. 



16 COFFIN. 



11. COFFIE 



Coffin. — The coffin that contained the mummy is the richest and most 
highly decorated of all that have hitherto been found. Sculptured, 
gilded, and inlaid, the completion of the various j)rocesses employed 
in its ornamentation must have occupied a considerable length of time. 
Unfortunately, it has reached us in a very bad state of preservation, 
the boards disjointed, the wood rotted, the stucco powdering off, and 
the inlays falling out of their sockets, the result of so many centuries 
spent in a tomb into which water had jDenetrated. 

The coffin is in cedar-Avood, of human form, and consists of two pieces, 
the receptacle and the cover, held to each other by tenons. Its 
leng-th is 1 m '75, its breadth m '56. The whole represented the 
king at full length, wrapped in bandages from which emerged the 
head and the two hands crossed on the breast. There is no 
part which was not either gilded or inlaid with stones and 
enamel. (PL XXX.) 

The face was covered with a gold mask, of moderate thickness. 
Of this the lower -psirt is missing from below the eyes, which were 
inlaid ; to the chin was attached a false beard (see no. 6). The head 
was covered with a wig similar to that on the heads of the canopic 
vases (see PL VII) : the hair is carefully divided into small coils, parted 
at the top of the head and falling vertically all round, except in front 
where they are caught back to the sides of the face in five rows laid 
over each other, each row diminishing in length. At the back they 
leave the neck uncovered, but they lengthen by degrees, till in front 
the two points touch the breast. This hair is carved on pieces of ebony 
inserted in the wood of the coffin, and thinly covered with gold-leaf 
On the forehead is a uraeus in bronze gilt, with the body trailed over 
the head (see no. 5). 

The arms are laid on the breast ; the crossed hands are closed and 
hold the royal emblems, the crozier and whip (see no. 7) ; on the wrists 



COFFIN. 17 

are wide bracelets adorned with plaques of multicoloured glass. For 
the remainder of the surface, the wooden case was covered with a 
coating of fine plaster, over which gold-leaf was laid more or less 
thickly ; but following a traced design the gilding was cut away, the 
plaster hollowed and the cavities filled with cut stones or with coloured 
glass moulded to the shape of the cavities to be filled. These inlays 
were fixed by a blue or green mastic. For this decoration — polychrome 
upon a gold ground — the effect of which is very good, the artists 
employed carnelian for the red, glass coloured with metallic salts for 
the lapis-blue, turquoise-blue and emerald-green, crystal or crystallised 
gypsum for the white. 

The upper part of the breast is concealed by a collar 16 centimetres 
wide, composed of seven rows of different ornaments arranged 
in the following order : 

1st row. — Inverted semicircles, red, o, interspaced with triangles, 

green, /\. 
2nd roiv. — Tongues, white, Q. 

3rd roio. — Disc in relief, gilded except at the top, a segment inlaid, 
green, ©. These alternate with small chess-boards, ten squares 
in length by five in height. Here gold squares separate others 
which are successively blue, red, blue, green, blue in the first row. 
In the lower rows the colours are repeated in the same order, but 
each time moving on one colour towards the left. 
4:th row. — Inverted semi-circles, XJ, separated by triangular petals 
cut in three pieces, ^ , the top pale blue, the centre red, the 
base lapis-blue. 
6th row. — Pendant flowers, blue, with a red point projecting from 
the centre of the corolla, J^ , between them are elongated green 
triangles, in imitation of folded leaves, Q . 
Qth roil). — Small semi-circles, ^ between which hang blue glass 

triangles, striped down the length, ^. 
^th row. — Pendant flowers, composed of a green calyx above, and 

a spreading corolla below in striated blue glass, [\ ■ 

The rest of the body is ornamented in accordance with the method 

of decoration customary at the commencement of the XVIIIth dynasty, 

and which has caused the Arabs to give to these coffins the name 

'' rishi," or " feathered." But, while the sarcophagi of Amasis, Nefert-ari, 



18 



COFFIN. 



and of the Thothmes' have feathers that cover the entire surface, 
simply engraved on a thin coating of plaster, which was afterwards 
gilded, here the feathers are inlaid in a variety of colours, and the 
gold only marks the outlines. 

All the feathers point in the direction of the feet ; those that cover 
the bust are small with rounded ends, and are imbricated — height 
3 centimetres, width 15 millimetres. Each is formed of three pieces, the 
top lapis blue, the middle a chevron of turquoise-blue, the base red. 

The lower part of the body is decorated according to a diflPerent 
scheme. Down the middle there is an inscription which extends from 
the arms to the feet. The hieroglyphs, of polychrome inlays, stand 
out on a plain gold ground, m "065 wide. On each side of this there 
are twelve long vertical rows, 2 centimetres wide, in imitation of quills, 
formed by small plaques of glass arranged in chevrons, successively 
blue, green, blue, red. The whole of the surface at this level is filled 
with this scheme of colour. 

The column of hieroglyphs between the legs gives the royal titles of 

Khuniatonu: J - J ? ^ M f =^ S ^^ JC ^Sfl # 



9 Toll 



V AVV>AA £/ /TS 1 

On the sides, horizontal bands of inscriptions follow the junction 
of the coffin and its cover. They repeat the same titles, with one sole 

variant at the commencement : | ^ J -; — a ^^Q 4^ y ^j^ ^ • 

The end of the coffin at the foot is covered with gold leaf, on 
which twelve lines of hieroglyphs are finely engraved, seven upon the 
cover, five upon the coffin : — 



iril(^siQ=;ipp:^^,^t 



7^ 



3 n 



I 



111^ tt^^ 

/W\A/V« 

G 



m 



i-ii^illM^lkCi 



I 1 1 









W J\ 8 






I 



COFFIN. 19 

The interior of the coffin was also covered with gold leaf, averaging 
from m "42 to m '20. Down the middle both of the coffin and 
of the lid there is a single column of hieroglyphs, which were engraved 
in the wood, and the gold pressed down over it to receive the imprint. 
These merely give the royal protocol once more, with unimportant 

variants in the orthography : M f '^ S (coffin f ^) g (j^^S] 

(coffin ^= ^ ^) <=> I o I ^, followed on the cover by g (] ^ j^ 

The cartouches of the king have been everywhere destroyed, but the 
epithet " living for the Truth " is entirely peculiar to Khuniatonu. 

5. Uraeus. — On the coffin, over the forehead, a uraeus was fixed, emblem of 

the light that the sovereign, even as the sun, was reputed to shed around 
him. (PI. II, Fig. 5.) The snake is in solid bronze ; height 85 milli- 
metres. The greatest thickness of the neck is 4 centimetres. The top 
of the head is gilded, as well as two vertical cartouches and a series of 
sixteen narrow scales above which they are placed in the axis of the 
neck, and also six plaques arranged symmetrically on the sides. The 
cartouches contain the name of the rayed disc : — 

6. Beard. — The beard, length m '13, which was affixed to the chin, is 

of wood, gilt and inlaid with blue and green enamel plaques, arranged 
in diagonals, chevestred to represent the false plaits that the Egyptian 
kings, always clean shaven, wore on their chins during certain religious 
ceremonies. 

7. Flagellum. — In the closed hands must have been placed the crozier and 

whip, emblems of the royalty of Osiris, god of the dead, with whom all 
the dead were assimilated. The crozier and the handle of the whip, 
which, doubtless, were of gilded wood, have disappeared ; all that 
remain are the three thongs of the whip. They are three bronze rods, 
length m '23 ; on each of them were threaded at least eight small 
hollow pieces of dark blue glass, in the form of truncated cones, 
increasing in size from the top to the bottom, and separated from each 
other by as many pieces of the same shape in gilded wood, almost all 
of which are destroyed. (PI. VI, Fig. 3.) 



20 ORNAMENTS OF THE MUMMY, 



III. ORMMENTS OF THE MUIIT. 



8. Crown. — The head of the mummy was covered by way of a crown, with 

thick gold foil carved in the shape of a vulture. (PL XX.) The length 
from back to front is 24 centimetres, its breadth 21 centimetres. 
The body of the bird is straight to the front, the head turned to the 
right ; each foot (the left one is broken) held a ring Q , emblem of 
long duration. The wings, instead of being extended horizontally, are 
raised in a semicircle, so much so that the tips overlap each other, 
and two rings placed on the outer edge of the wings are superimposed. 
The whole is of slightly conical form, fitting well to the head ; the 
empty sj)ace between the wings measures m "11 5 in width. The 
lower edges are bent back, and thus form a rim a millimetre in width 
to consolidate the crown. On the left wing an ancient repair can 
be seen : the gold foil having been accidentally pierced, the damage 
was repaired by means of a |)iece of the same metal soldered below 
the puncture. 

The whole surface is delicately engraved : the details of the head 
and feet, all the feathers of the body, and the wings with their quills 
are indicated by lines in repousse. This piece, unique of its kind, is a 
magnificent specimen of the goldsmith's art of the XVIIIth dynasty. 

9. Necklace. — It has been possible to reconstruct the necklace reproduced on 

Plate XXI from the gold beads and plaques found in the cofiin. The 
breadth is m •32, the height m -565. The details are as follows : 
Two little bars, each surmounted by a lotus flower formed the ends of the 
necklace ; these bars are in gold, length m '09, and form a tube, not 
soldered, almost square in section, and pierced with six holes for the 
strings on which the beads were threaded. Upon the tube, at the 
opposite side to the holes, and occupying only half the length, a 
triangular piece of gold is attached with a ring at the top to which is 



ORNAMENTS OF THE MUMMY. 21 

fastened a lotus flower in cloisonne ; the calyx is gold, the central 
petal and those at the sides are lapis-lazuli, the intermediate petals 
are gold. The remainder of the space is filled with two pieces : one of 
green glass in the angle ; the other, that which formed the rounded end, 
was probably of red enamel, but all the plaques are missing. 

This necklace consists of five rowa of ornaments : the first of these 
is formed of eighteen plaques of cloisonne on gold, the whole of which 
is in imitation of the plaited garlands of leaves and flowers with which 
mummies were surrounded. Each plaque has a tongue-shaped ornament, 
in three colours : the top is gold, from the centre piece all the inlay 
has fallen out, but it was probably in carnelian, the lower part has 
lapis-blue glass. To the left of this ornament a piece of turquoise- 
blue enamel is fitted, which increases in size at the base in such a way 
as to fill in the space between the leaves. Four small gold beads are 
attached to the plaque, two above, two below, through which it was 
threaded ; beads in blue, green, and red glaze, threaded on the upper 
string between the attachments of these plaques form, with them, 
a continuous row of beads. (PL XXI.) 

The remainder of the necklace consists of hollow gold beads, flat 
behind, and with a small ring at each end. Of these there are 

forty-three in the form of a flower-bud [}, 21 centimetres in length ; 
sixteen of the same kind only 17 to 19 centimetres ; fifty-one semi- 
cylindrical, with rounded ends Q, 21 centimetres in length ; and, finally, 
thirty-four of the same dimensions shaped like flower petals (). 

10. Necklace Ornaments. — Small gold and inlaid plaque analogous to those 
in the first row of the preceding necklace, measuring 18 millimetres 
in length and 15 in height. The scheme of decoration is twice 
repeated. It comprises a folded leaf pointed at the tip. The basis 
is a semi-circle in gold, the remainder being worked in lapis-blue 
glass ; at the side a small gold leaf contains a model of a flower, of 
which the calyx is in gold, the corolla carnelian and lapis-blue glass. 
The empty space between them is filled with turquoise-blue glass ; all 
the inlays are set into gold cloisons and fixed with blue mastic. The 
back of the plaque is marked ni^iiu probably to indicate that the 
piece was the seventeenth of the row. Two gold beads attached to 
the upper part, and two others at the base kept the ornament in place 
between two threads. 



22 ORNAMENTS OP THE MUMMY. 

11. Necklace Ornament, hollow, in form of the royal cartouche; vertical, with 
a ring at top and two at the base ; height m '02, width m -007. 
On one of the faces the name of the solar divinity is inscribed in 

hieroglyphs, stamped in hollow relief ^ ^^|^ la • 



12. Flower, gold and inlaid.— Piece of jewellery, height m -035, width 

m -027, in the form of the flower symbolic of Upper Egypt. (PL V, 
Fig. 7.) The lower part is a plain gold plaque, the gold calyx is in three 
striated divisions ; the corolla, inlaid with lapis-blue glass, is separated 
into two parts ending in volutes, whose centres are open. Between 
these two petals there is a third with rounded top, forming the 
highest part of the flower, represented by a plaque of carnelian. 
At both ends a small ring is attached. 

13. Beads. — Three cylindrical beads, which have been recovered in frag- 

ments ; may have belonged to the same piece of jewellery, necklace, 
or bracelet. The first is in red glass, length m -023, diameter 
m '012 ; it was covered with gold leaf The hole is almost square. 

The second in lapis lazuli, length m "022, diameter m -Oil, 
has also a square hole. 

Of the third, in green felspar, only one end remains, length 
m "018, and m '01 in diameter, with a round hole 4 millimetres. 

Other beads of various shapes and materials have been found, but it is 
impossible to discover whether they belong to necklaces other than the 

preceding. There are flowers, ^, and ./j., some dad, |, in carnelian, 
lapis, and light-blue glass. Two other kinds of beads in blue glass 
must have formed a network laid over the body. One of these has the 
appearance of an elongated olive pierced with four holes, the others 
are cylindrical, lined in spirals, bevelled at one end to allow of their 
being strung together in V form. 



14. Fasteners for Earstuds.— The earstuds have not been found, the back 
parts only remain. These are two gold nails, 32 millimetres in 
length, the head rounded at the top, flat below, 7 millimetres in 
diameter, and a stem with a blunt end. The ear ornament must 



ORNAMENTS OF THE MUMMY. 23 

have been in gold and circular in form, having at the back a tube 
to go through the ear. The heads of these nails, pushed into the 
tubes, would serve as guards and keep them from falling out. 

15. Piece of Gold Foil, engraved. — A thick piece of gold foil, m -018 in 
height, m '016 in breadth, which was probably attached to some 
material. On it are stamped in relief the two cartouches enclosing 
the names of Aten : 

placed together vertically. The shape of the plaque follows the 
outlines of the two cartouches. 



7. 



24 CANOPIC VASES. 



IV. CAIOPIC VASES. 



Series of four canopic vases in alabaster. The embalmed intestines that 
they contained have jaerished, and all that now remain are the bituminous 
rags with which they were padded. (Pis. VII to XIX.) 

16. The Vases, of the ordinary form of this class of object, are m -368 
in height, m "155 diameter at top, m "24 at the largest part, and 
m -16 at the base. The diameter of the opening is m -114, and 
the depth of the cavity inside m "34. 

The exterior was decorated with a scene, apparently a representation 
of some personage in adoration before a divinity, but it has been 
obliterated with such care, that, beyond the outlines of the sign o, no 
group of the inscriptions is now visible ; the sky f=^, at the top of 
the picture, was so deejaly engraved that it was not possible to erase 
it, and it has been filled in with pieces of alabaster polished down to 
the level of the adjacent parts of the vase. 

The human heads, which form the covers of the vases, are carved 
out of magnificent transparent whitish alabaster ; height m '08, of 
which m '018 millimetres form the rim that fits into the vase. 
The diameter at the base is m "16, and the internal cavity m "12. 

The type is that of a woman, and recalls the portraits of Queen Tiyi, 
wife of Amenothes III, more especially the fine head in soapstone 
found by Mr. Flinders Petrie in Sinai. The finest of the four heads, 
which is also the best preserved, has the same elongated face, with the 
lower part somewhat prominent, and pointed and rather hanging chin, as 
in the representations of Khu-n-aten, though less pronounced ; the nose 
is straight and rather shorter than in the three other examples ; the cheeks 
are full ; the eyes, which are long, but not widely opened, are inlaid, the 
circumference is in blue enamel, the cornea in white limestone, with 
the corners painted red, the iris in black jasper ; the brows, also in 



CANOPIO VASES. 25 

blue enamel, are highly arched. The four faces present almost the 
same characteristics ; in the other three the chin is slightly less 
elongated, and the face rather broader, making altogether a rounder 
countenance. The head-dress is a wig, the line of the cap showing 
on the forehead. Short behind, where it leaves the neck uncovered, 
it gradually lengthens, and ends in two points touching the clavicles, 
falling straight down the sides of the face, which it encloses, hiding the 
ears. It is divided into a number of small coils that fall vertically from 
the top of the head, except in front where the hair is cut short, and 
forms three rows on the forehead and on the sides of the face, where 
the locks are arranged obliquely, and end in an arrangement of five 
rows, diminishing in length one above another. 

On the forehead is a uraeus in alabaster, made of a separate piece 
fitted into the cover. On all the vases this is broken off close to the 
surface and only the tail remains stretched out over the head as far as 
the occiput. 

The lower part of the cover broadens out and covers the top 
of the vase ; it is decorated as if it were the breast, with a 
necklace of three rows of cylindrical beads arranged vertically, and a 
row of piriform beads. The ornament Q behind serves as fastening 
and counterweight. 

The inscription on the vases having been erased, we do not know 
to whom this series of canopies belonged. At that period both men 
and women wore this kind of wig, but the features being feminine 
and the face beardless, while the heads bear the royal uraeus on the 
forehead, it may be presumed that these vases were made for a queen, 
and, in all probability, for Queen Tiyi, wife of Amenothes III, and 
mother of Khuniatonu. 



26 EELIGIOUS OBJECTS AND AMULETS. 



V. RELIGIOUS OBJECTS AND AMULETS. 



17. Socle of a Statue. — Socle in cedar wood ; length m '21, breadth 

m -138, depth m -065. It is an unornamented block, with a 
hollow on the top, m '09 in length and m '07 in breadth. The 
shape shows that it fitted a statue in form of a human mummy, Osiris, 
Ptah, or a funerary figure. 

18. Figurine of Thot. — A small plaque ; height m "056, length m '038, 

thickness m "006, in greenish glazed pottery, cut out in the 
shape of the god Thot, a crouching figure turning to the right. The 
object was broken in two, and the end of the ibis beak is missing. 
A ring for suspension is placed behind the head. 

19. Magical Bricks. — A chapter of the Book of the Dead — the 151st 

according to M. NaviUe, the 137th according to Mr. Wallis Budge — 
prescribes that bricks of unbaked clay, mixed with incense shall be 
placed in the tomb, towards the four cardinal points. On them were 
to be fixed various objects, and they should bear certain magical texts. 
The tomb has yielded the series of four bricks, with the name of 
Khuniatonu, in more or less good condition, l3ut made on two 
models. 

19a. Northern Brick.— Length m -18, breadth m 10, depth m -045. 
It is complete with the exception of a fragment from one end. 
(PI. XXII.) It is of Nile mud, sun-dried, the surface washed over 
with fine greyish clay, lighter than that of which the brick is made. 
On the top five horizontal rows of hieroglyphs — the ritual text — have 
been traced in black and then engraved : — 



\^^i\r^i^nz(MM} 



RELIGIOUS OBJECTS AND AMULETS, 27 

Behind this text there can be seen the hollow which held the foot of a 
wooden statuette, similar to one found in the tomb of Touiya (p. 29, 
PI. 22), and in front the hole left by a peg. 

19b. Southern Brick.— Length m -205, breadth m -095, thickness 
m '04. It is almost intact (PL XXII), and is made hke the 
preceding brick. It is inscribed with seven lines of hieroglyphs : — 






I I I AVWVA j/j 



CO 



The end of the first line is covered with a mass of bituminous substance, 
and the whole of the top of the brick has been soaked with some 
hquid. In the centre of the space between the beginning of the text 
and the end of the brick, a twig can be seen inserted in the brick, 
which has been burnt to charcoal. It is, therefore, quite possible 
that a small piece of wood was soaked with bitumen and then burnt. 
I am disposed to believe that after the funeral ceremony, this torch 
was replaced by a dummy lamp. In the tomb was found an object 
shaped like a truncated cone, height m '04, measuring m "065 in 
diameter at the top, and m "03 at the bottom, in green glazed pottery. 
It had a hole in the middle at the top. (PI. Ill, Fig. 1.) This may 

have been a model of a vase used as a lamp [|, the flame represented 
by a twig, which is now destroyed, which would be placed on the brick 
in order to conform with the prescribed ritual. 

19c. Western Brick. — Length m -09, breadth m -095, thickness m -03. 
The two last bricks are less thick than the first, and they are also in 
bad condition. On the brick of the west there are five lines of hieratic, 

traced lengthways ; the left half of this object, on which a dad h 
should be placed, has perished. The text transcribes thus : — 

ii)i^isi i kii^^^T"! I :::iifri 
ifvsiiriii 

19d. Eastern Brick. — Only a fragment of this remains m 11 X m '09, 
thickness m '026, with only a few hieratic signs of the text |^ /g||; | ,J. 



28 RELIGIOUS OBJECTS AND AMULETS. 



FOUNDATION DEPOSITS. 



It is only a very small part of the votive objects commemorating the 
construction of the tomb that was deposited in this hiding place. The 
pieces belonging to this category are : — 

20. Four small Alabaster Bricks, polished on all the faces except under- 

neath; uninscribed. Their length varies from m -106 to m lOS, 
the breadth from m -031 to m -032, and the depth from m "014 
to m -016. (PL II, Fig. 7.) 

21. Two Pieces of Red Jasper. — The first of these, m -055 long and 

m -025 wide, is of oval section and appears to be a pebble, showing 
no signs of working. The second, m '065 long and m '022 wide, 
is of lenticular section, and the edges, without being sharp, are every- 
where regularly fined off. (PL V, Figs. 9 and 10.) 

22. Four Alabaster Discs, the edges bevelled, or rounded below, the top 

being flat in all cases. Their diameter varies fi-om m "023 to m "03, 
and their depth from m "004 to m "006. 

23. Libation Vases. — Three small libation vases of somewhat rare type, in 

green glazed pottery, discoloured, m "11 to m '128 in height, and 
m '059 to m '066 in breadth. (PI. TV, Fig. 5.) Here the ordinary 

libation vase is combined with the emblem of life jT. The vase, 
without its foot, takes the place of the handle of the emblem ankh, 
which it almost resembles in form, although the neck at the top 
modifies the outline. 

24. Uza (Sacred Eye). — The Uza, ^ or eye of the sun, the amulet which 

above all others kept every misfortune at a distance, is represented 
by a certain number of examples in greenish glazed pottery, that may 
be classed in seven gi'oups. They were moulded ; some have merely 
a ring for suspension ; others are in no way pierced, and cannot have 
been threaded for wear. 

First type. — Fifteen examples, length m '025. The eye is engraved 
on both sides of the plaque. The white of the eye and the space 
between the eye and the supporting coil are cut out in open work. 
The eyebrow is engi-aved with angulated lines <|. 



RELIGIOUS OBJECTS AND AMULETS. 29 

Second type.~¥om examples, length m -035. The eye is only 
engraved on one side, as is the case with those described subsequently. 
Here they turn to the right ^; the lower part is open work. 
(PI. Ill, Fig. 4.) 

Third type.— One example only, length m 035. It is a pendant 
to the preceding ; the eye turned to the left. 

Fourth type.—^ix examples, length m -025. Eyes turned to the 
right, the lower part carved. 

Fifth type. — Six examples, length m -025. Eyes fonning pendants 
to the preceding turned to the left. 

Sixth type. — Three examples, length m -025. Eyes similar to 
those of the fourth type, but without the space between the eye and 
its support. 

Seventh type. — Five examples. Eyes making pendants with the 
preceding, turned to the left, and not in open work. 

25. Papyrus Stems. — The amulet uaz |, which represents the stem of a 

papyrus, terminating in its flower, assured to the deceased perpetual 
verdure. Three models of these have been found. 

First type. — Two examples, length m "14 and m '15. The stem 
is slender (the largest diameter is 2 centimetres) and flattened. The 
glaze is bright green, to conform with the regulations laid down in 
Chapters 159 and 160 of the Book of the Dead, which directs that this 
amulet shall be made in green felspar. 

Second type. — Two pieces, similar but smaller. Length m '083 
and m '081 ; the stem is round and thin ; diameter m -013 . 

Third type. — The eight last examples are more massive, and the 
gi-een glaze is discoloui-ed. Their length varies from m '08 to 
m '09 ; the medium size of the stem, whether round or slightly 
flattened, is m -023. (PI. H, Fig. 6.) 

26. The Mooring Pole.— Amulet in glazed potteiy, height m 165, 

maximum breadth m '019 ; represents a post for mooring a boat. 
(PL \, Fig. 5.) The upper part, for m "04 of its length, is cylindrical. 
Then comes an abnipt lateral projection, which continues down the 
length, diminishing in width, giving the object rather the appearance 



30 RELIGIOUS OBJECTS AND AMULETS. 

of the blade of a knife. One of the i3roinises made to the deceased 
was that he should sail in the barque of the Sun ; this post is one 
of the objects intended for the outfit of the divine mariners. 

27. Models of Papyrus. — Sixteen cylinders in glazed pottery, representing 
rolls of papyrus supplied to the deceased to enable him to read the 
prayers and incantations required by him. (PL II, Fig. 8 ; PI. V, Fig. 1.) 
The cylinder has a longitudinal line marking the end of the roll, and, 
with the exception of the two first examples, a spiral engraved at 
the ends indicates the coils of the papyrus. These cylinders 
have been moulded in pairs ; their length is not proportionate to 
their size. 

Their dimensions are as follows : — 

2 rolls of m '10 in length, m "014 in diameter. 



2 




m -088 




m -017 


2 




m -081 




m -022 


2 




m -08 




m -018 


2 




m -075 




m -02 


2 




m -073 




m 02 


2 




m -064 




m -012 


2 




m -057 




m -015 



28. Serpents' Heads. — Three heads of the uraeus serpent, in blue glazed 

pottery ; these probably formed the ends of magical sticks, the wooden 
handles of which have perished. 

The first measures m -03 in length, m -019 in breadth. The 
eyes are inlaid with carnelian ; at the top of the head there is a 
square hole for fixing a headdress (disc ?) that no longer exists. 

The second, length m '027, breadth m -019, has only one eye 
in carnelian set in gold. A thin stem of bronze passes through the head. 

The third, length m "03, breadth m -019, still has both eyes in 
carnelian, but one of the behind extremities is broken. There is no 
hole in the head. 

29. Two small Plaques of greyish schist cut in the shape of the amulet 

Pesesh-kef, which appears to have possessed the virtue of endowing 
the mummy with power to use the orifices of the body. It is often 
confused with the headdress Ten )T?, formed of two ostrich feathers. 



RELIGIOUS OBJECTS AND AMULETS. 



31 



The first is m 13 in height, m -056 in width at the top, and 
m -045 at the base, m '009 in depth. It is made of two pieces 



fastened together and arranged thus : 



1 



A cohimn of hieroglyphs on the left side of one of the two faces is 

this inscription of Queen Tiyi : | ^ ^ Q wHUdl j "?"'=' "^ 

The other plaque, m 138 in height, m '073 in breadth at the 
top, m -058 at the base, and m '01 in thickness, bears no 
inscription. 



32 



VARIOUS OBJECTS. 



VI. VARIOUS OBJECTS. 



30. Casket.— Casket in wood with rectangular panels : the cover is in form of 
a double-pitched roof The panels are of cedar wood, painted outside 
in red, framed with strips of black ebony veneer, m -032 wide. The 
length is m "57, the breadth m -43, the box is m '27 in height, 
and with its feet m "30 ; the elevation of the cover is m -09. 
At each end of the panels there are three slender tenons, fitting into 
the upright pieces at the corners. These last have perished, but the 
slips of ebony that covered them remain. 

The cover is of the same work ; the panels and the triangular 
pinions are fi-amed with ebony. At the top, near one end of the ridge, 
a square hole marks the position of a knob. 

On one of the sloping sides of the cover, there is a hieratic inscrip- 
tion written in black ink, which transcribes thus : I !r ''^ § "^ ^ ^ 

' O W Ke^ MIA /wwvs (£ 1 1 1 

'"^^^'mll'^m' " ^^^^^ which is in gold of the household vases." 
This casket therefore contained pieces of gold plate which have not 
been discovered. 



31. Fragment of a Piece of Furniture.— Fragment m 12 in height, 
m '08 in width, part of a piece of furniture. The wood of which it 
was made was falling into powder and so decomposed that it could 
only be ]3reserved by covering it with a coating of wax. The 
cartouche of Queen Tiyi is engraved on it, beside the prenomen of 
her husband Amenothes III. i ^^-.c? 




VARIOUS OBJECTS. 33 

3^2. Casket in glazed pottery.— Casket in green glazed potteiy, discoloured, 
m -08, breadth m -055, height m '039, and with a cover 
m "046, made on the model of wooden boxes. It is supported on 
four feet ; the panels are' rectangular, with projecting frames, and 
surmounted by the Egyptian cornice. (PL IV, Fig. 4.) 

The cover has a slight pitch, sloping towards the back, with an 
abrupt drop of a quarter of a circle in front ; two small cross pieces are 
fixed to the under side ; one in front, of square section, merely served to 
hold the cover in place when closed ; the other at the back, of this 
section D, is fitted into a groove in the panel of the box and forms a 
pivot for the cover. 

Two knobs were fixed on the front, one on the lid, the other on the 
box, and served both as handles and to fasten the casket when it 
was desired to close it effectually, by tying strings to the knobs and 
sealing them. 

33. Five Caskets in glazed pottery. — The green colour has either faded or 
turned brown. Simpler in make than the former they have rectan- 
gular panels resting on two cross pieces placed at the ends. (PI. III.) 
The covers are flat, and have on the lower side two cross pieces, one 
plain the other bevelled, of varying forms, corresponding with a hollow 
or projection in the inner side of the back panel of the box. 






^M » A 





53C ' ■ 33I> ^H 33 E 



34 VARIOUS OBJECTS. 

The characteristic features of these five caskets are as follow : — 

Length. Breadth., Height. Height with the Cover. 

A. m -08 m '057 m -047 m "054 

B. m -08 m -051 m 043 m "049 
0. m -078 m '048 m "04 — 

D. m -075 m "044 m -039 — 

E. m -073 m '046 m "035 m '04 

All the caskets, except the fourth, have two knobs, one of which is on 
the cover. 

34. Vases in glazed pottery. — The most numerous objects of this find are 

small cups in the form of truncated cones. They are in green glazed 
pottery ; in some instances the colour has turned almost white, in 
others a yellowish brown. It is the shape of vase used for holding 
fruit, and for drinking cups, as well as for lamps, in which case a wick 
was burnt in the oil. There are twenty-four cups of this class, more 
or less high in comparison with their diameter. The largest is m "073 
in diameter at the top, m '033 at the base, and m "04 in height ; 
the smallest m '045 and m '024 in diameter and m "032 in 
height. The others are of various sizes, the medium dimensions being, 
height m -032 and diameter m "052 and m "026. (PI. IV, Fig. 2.) 

35. Five small Vases in glazed pottery in the shape of water-jars. (PL 11, 

Fig. 6.) The mouth is wide, the contraction for the neck is very slight, 
the base rounded. Their dimensions are as follows : — 





Height. 


Diameter at top. 


Maximum Diameter. 


A. 


Om -07 


m -029 


m -038 


B. 


m -07 


m -027 


m -037 


C. 


Om -07 


m -027 


m -035 


D. 


m -067 


Om -03 


m -036 


E. 


m -067 


Om -25 


m -033 


It can be 


seen that the 


vases have been moulded in two halves, and 


joined in the baking. 







36. Two similar Vases, but the necks are cylindrical and the bases flat. 

Height. Diameter at top. Maximum Diameter. 

A. m -08 m "025 m -035 

B. m -08 m "024 m -034 



VARIOUS OBJECTS. 35 

37. Vase, m -059 in height, m '028 and m -038 in diameter at the 

mouth and the belly, similar to one of the preceding vases without the 
neck. 

38. Two other Vases in greenish glazed pottery, m -067 in height, 

m -024 diameter at the top, and m -030 diameter at the widest 
part. The base is pointed and they have no necks, but they diminish 
steadily in size from the top downwards. 

39. Vase Stands.— The preceding vases required stands to keep them upright. 

Fifteen of these supports have been found in discoloured green glazed 
pottery : they are rings of rectangular section more or less high in 
proportion to their size. (PI. Ill, Fig. 6.) They can be classified into 
four different types : — 

External Diameter. Internal Diameter. 

m -035 m -029 

m -033 m "027 

m -031 m "024 

m -029 m "022 

40. Toilet Jar. — One of the most interesting pieces in this find is one in 

green glazed pottery, now almost white : a statuette of a woman carry- 
ing a jar on her shoulder. (PL I, Fig. 2.) The total height is m "077. 
The socle being m "026 and the figure alone m '054 in height, 
The rectangular socle, m '036 by m "023, was made separately, 
and has two holes in which the feet of the woman were fixed. The 
vase is spherical and has a wide, straight neck with a slight brim, and 
a rounded handle on the side. The woman carrying it on her left 
shoulder is supporting it beneath with both hands, and to restore 
equilibrium is bending the upper part of her body sharply to the right. 
This slave is dressed in a long garment without ornamentation ; her 
hair, which is reddish-black, falls freely round her head on to her 
shoulders, framing her face. The design is charming, and it is to be 
regretted that the artist who modelled this piece did not treat it with 
greater delicacy and more detailed ornamentation. 

41. Haematite Vase. — Small toilet jar in black haematite, m "058 in 

height, m '037 diameter at the top, m '046 in the middle, m '03 at 







Height. 


7 


stand 


m -008 


2 


j> 


m -007 


3 


!7 


m -012 


3 


11 


m -012 



36 VAEIOUS OBJECTS, 

the base. (PI. IV, Fig. 3.) The interior is almost similar to the exterior 
in shape. It is m '016 in diameter at the opening, and m "052 in 
depth ; the lateral groovings show that it was hollowed by a hard 
stone, worked round the interior by some appliance that wore away 
the haematite. On the outside three vertical cartouches are engraved 

side by side. The first (©^W^J, is the prenomen of Amenothes III. 
The second contained the nomen of the same king, but during the 
religious revolution it was so thoroughly erased that now it is only 

possible to read the beginning of the name of Amon (^l^p^pj- The 
last cartouche is that of Queen Tiyi QJ^Sj, wife of this king. 

42. Vase in Amazonite. — Vase in the hard stone called amazonite, green 
with some red and blue spots, height m '049, diameter at top 
m. -047, in the middle m -043, at the base m '036. The shape 
is the traditional one for jars of coUyrium. Owing to the hardness of 
the material the vase has not been hollowed out to the same extent as 
the preceding one. A mere cylindrical cavity has been bored m '016 
in diameter and m '042 in depth. (PI. IV, Fig. 1.) 

On the outside is engraved very slightly, the tool having barely 
scratched the stone, the two cartouches of Amenothes III. 

11 



o 







The upper rim is partly broken away. 



43. Glass Vases. — Small vase in white glass, height m "065, measuring 
m -046 in diameter at the opening, m '052 in the middle, and 
m -038 at the foot. It was broken in several pieces, but it has been 
possible to reconstruct it almost completely. (PI. Ill, Fig. 2.) The 
glass, of a mean thickness of 5 miUimetres, must originally have been 
transparent, but with time it has become somewhat opaque ; in the 
thinner portions it presents a slightly violet tint denoting the use of 
manganese to some considerable extent for whitening it during the 



VAKIOUS OBJECTS. 37 

process of manufacture. The shape is a rounded body, the neck short 
and widening slightly, a large opening with a plain curved border, the 
foot shallow. There is no ornamentation. 

The fragments of two other vases in white glass were found. One 
of these is the neck of a bottle m -04 high ; the other, m '06 high, 
is part of the body of a vase more elongated than that described above, 
and must have been similar in shape to the vase in glazed pottery 
forming part of the signs -^ on page 28. 



STATUETTES OF THE GOD BES. 

Among the pieces demanding special notice must be placed two 
figurines, in glazed pottery, of the god Bes : a form of Horus, who chases 
evil spirits and guards against sorcery. It is difficult to discover the 
object for which these figures were made, for the god is not represented 
under his usual aspect, with hands on his hips as he is when intended 
for an amulet. As the figure of Bes is often employed as a decoration 
for furniture and articles of the toilette it may be supposed that these 
two figures were intended to be used as convenient receptacles for 
oddments of the toilet table, although the cups they carry would 
scarcely hold more than a few pins. 

44. The first Statuette is m -102 in height, the socle, founded at the back, 
measures m '035 by m '038 ; the god is m '04 wide across the 
shoulders and thighs. (PL I, Fig. 3.) Bes is represented with his usual 
grotesque figure : a broad round head with low prominent forehead, 
flat nose, protruding hps and no chin, great round eyes with eyebrows 
strongly arched, wrinkled cheeks, lion's ears, hair resembling a mane 
more than anything else, ending in a point on the back. The belly 
is distended, the dorsal column is inflected outwards, from it spring 
five strongly marked ribs, and it is prolonged into an animal's tail 
which reaches to the ground. This deformed trunk is supported on 
two bow legs, short and massive, ending in huge feet. The swollen, 
ill-proportioned arms in front of the chest meet to support a circular 
dish ; this vessel is slightly tilted and the hollow at the top is very 
shallow. 



38 VARIOUS OBJECTS. 

45. The second Statuette is m -09 in height and m '036 broad at the 

shoulders. (PL I, Pig. 1.) The type is somewhat similar, but of less care- 
ful workmanship ; the differences to be observed are that the tongue of 
the god is hanging out, his hair terminates in a short plait, turned up 
at the end, the ribs are not indicated ; the cup held by the god has 
a spout,^ and in the middle is placed some small round object 
indistinctly rendered. An attempt was made to embellish this 
statuette, which is in green glaze, with black ; thus the eyes and the 
right ear have been painted, but the colour having run and formed 
blots behind the head, this ornamentation was not continued. 

46. Models of Fruit.— In order to ensure a supply of food for the deceased, 

models were placed in the tomb representing bunches of grapes, in 
glazed pottery, of which the green colour has now disappeared. They 
are ovoid, covered either by squares formed of intersecting lines 
engraved on them, or by small circles in imitation of the grapes, 
obtained by re-working the squares, or by a mixture of the two 
forms. (PL II, Figs. 1 and 3.) 

Some of these objects have evidently been moulded in two parts. 
At the side furthest from the point there is generally a ring for 
suspension. Sometimes the ring forms part of a shank which was fixed 
into the bunch, sometimes it is a hole bored in a small piece of plastic 
material added to the model, and in some cases it is a bead attached 
with blue glass. The fifteen bunches found vary in size, the largest 
is m -05 in height and m "03 in diameter. The dimensions 
graduate to the smallest, which is only m "03 high and m -018 in 
diameter. 

47. Models of Knives.— Seven imitation knives, in limestone, of the same 

form ^^>* as those used by butchers ; they are implements placed at 
the disposal of the deceased for slaying and cutting up any animals 
that he might require for food . (PL II, Fig. 2. ) Their length varies from 
m -138 to m -108 ; their breadth from m '022 to m '033. 
It is only their outlines that resemble knives made of bronze, and they 
are neither sharp nor pointed. 

48. Models of Boomerangs. -Fourteen models of boomerangs or curved 

sticks for killing birds. The deceased could make use of these in the 



VARIOUS OBJECTS. 39 

Other World to obtain food, or merely for the pleasure of sport. They 
are in glazed pottery, but the green colour is much faded, and the slight 
ornamentation drawn in black on the examples reproduced {PI. V, 
Figs. 2, 3, 4), is also scarcely visible. There are two types of these 
weapons. In the first the two extremities are rounded, and the section 
of the whole length is a very flat oval ; eight of these have been found 
in lengths ranging from m -120 to m -148. The six specimens of 
the second type are rather more bent, the end nearest the broadened part 
is rounded, but the haft is of round section and is square at the end. 
Their length is from m 120 to m -158. 

49. Handle of a Tool.— Handle of a tool in cedar wood, length m -16, 

which nmst have been left in the tomb by a workman. (PI. VI.) The 
section is an oval of m -026 by m -023 in diameter, and the edges 
are slightly concave. One end is rounded, the other is cut straight 
and has a groove m -014 in breadth, and m '024 in depth, for 
fixing a blade such as a carpenter's chisel. 

50. Awl. — Bronze awl; without a handle; a squared stem m "104 in 

length, pointed at one end. The maximum breadth, m "004, occurs 
at about two-thirds of the length. (PL V, Fig. 6.) 

51. Stone for sharpening.— Block of hard slatey schist, black, which must 

have been used to sharpen tools. Length m '178, breadth 
m "032, depth m '02 ; two of the faces are flat, parallel, and 
terminated in semi-circles. 

52. LabeL — Small label in cedar wood, of the form Q, pierced with a hole 

at the top, measuring m '033 by m '021. On it is this inscription 

in hieratic, written with black ink ()^P^\ii\^'^ "sawdust of the 
tree nozem." 

53. Head of a Goose in silver. — Fragment of some object, the purpose of 

which I cannot conjecture. A silver plaque, hollowed into a channel 
and bent into a quarter of a circle, has fixed to it a small silver tube ; 
one end of this tube is carried through the open beak of a goose's head, 
the other end is closed by a strip of bronze ; the top of the head was 
inlaid. The length is m 'OS the breadth m -012. 



40 VARIOUS OBJECTS. 

54. Discs in bronze gilt. — Two discs, m '047 in diameter, in bronze gilt, 

pierced with four holes in order to attach them to some unknown 
object. They are slightly convex, and stamped in relief to imitate 
some flower of the composite order, with a central knob and numerous 
petals radiating all round it. 

55. Discs in gold. — Gold disc, m "035 in diameter, on which is figured in 

relief a five-pointed star. It is pierced with four holes for attachment. 
(PI. V, Fig. 8.) 

56. Small gold Disc. — Only m '016 in diameter. Like the decorations 

above in bronze gilt, it represents a flower, but the central knob is 
larger in comparison and the petals much shorter, it is pierced with 
three holes. 

57. Mane in gold.— Gold leaf crimped and engraved, it must have over-laid 

a figure of a lion either in wood or glazed pottery. The length is 
m -12, and the breadth also m -12. The whole surface is covered 
in imitation of tults of hair arranged round a lock on the forehead, 
between the two hollows for the ears. 

58. Copper Plaques and Nails.— Several small copper plaques of irregular 

form, one of which is reproduced. (PI. VI, Fig. 1,) They have been 
used to consolidate wooden objects. The bronze nails, length from 
14 to 26 millimetres, are roughly wrought ; several of them still 
adhere to the plaques, and served to secure them to the objects to be 
strengthened or supported. 



BEIEF SUMMARY OF THE OBJECTS POUND IN THE TOMB OF QUEEN TAUOSRtT. 41 



BRIEF SUMMARY OF THE OBJECTS FOUND E 
THE TOMB OF QUEEN TAUOSRiT. 



1. Crown, composed of a narrow circlet to which ten-petalled flowerets were 

attached. Each flower is composed of a stamped corolla, bearing twice 
over the cartouche of Queen Tauosrit and that of Setui II, and a central 
knob beneath which is a small ring for fastening the flower to the 
crown. The circlet is pierced with sixteen holes at unequal intervals : 
only fourteen flowers have been found, and it is possible that the two 
remaining holes had a different kind of ornament attached to them, 
which was removed in ancient times. The whole is in gold. 

2. Pair of gold Ear-Pendants.— The upper part is formed of two striated 

tubes, fitting one into the other ; one of them is terminated by an 
eight-petalled flower, on which the cartouches, nomen, and prenomen 
of Setui n are twice repeated ; the other by a circular convex plaque 
engraved with the names of the same king. Two rings surround these 
tubes and from them hangs a small plaque, wider at the base than at 
the top, which also bears the cartouches of Setui II. Below this a 
shank is affixed, to which seven small pendants are attached. These 
last are in the form of a pomegranate, or some finely-ribbed fruit. 
There are four small ones, and three larger, which having longer 
shanks, hang below the smaller ones. 

3. Pair of Ear-rings, in electrum.— The hollow ring is split at the side ; it 

is of round section ; the ornamentation of the periphery consists of a 
narrow plait in filigree. Six rings are attached to the lower edge for 
suspending pendants. Some beads found in the tomb in carnelian, gold, 
and enamel perhaps formed part of these ornaments, the termination 



42 BRIEF SUMMARY OF THE OBJECTS FOUND 

of which may have been flowers and buds. The flowers are composed 
of a silver calyx with four notches, and a corolla in blue enamel with 
sixteen sides ; the buds have a silver attachment fixed to an oblong 
carnelian bead. 

4. Gold Ear-ring, in form of a hollow torus, split at one side, and presenting 

the cartouche of Tauosrit surmounted by two feathers in gold standing 
out upon a rectangle of blue enamel. 

5. Pair of small Ear-rings, of the same kind, without ornamentation. 

6. Parts of a gold Necklace. — Two flattened tubes pierced laterally with six 

holes for the threads on which the beads were strung. The four first 
rows and the sixth were formed of balls in filigree ; the fifth was 
composed of models of fruit (pomegranates) made of beads like the 
preceding, with the addition of a small tube and ring in imitation of 
the stem, and a calyx in filigree. The number of beads (84) and of 
fruits (65) that have been found are not sufiicient to reconstruct the 
necklace in its original condition. 

7. Four Uza, or Eye of Ra, in electrum, hollow ; for suspension to a necklace. 

8. Vase, cordiform, in electrum, hollow ; for suspension. 

9. Two plain Shells, in electrum, with rings at both ends for attaching them 

to a necklace. 

10. Five little Figures of the goddess Thoueris, with hippopotamus body. 

11. Three heads of the goddess Hathor. 

12. Man kneeling, holding two palm branches, emblem of millions of years. 

13. Four Flies. 

14. Three papyrus Flowers.— All these small objects, Nos. 10 to 14, are in 

gold, hollow, and furnished with a ring for suspension. 



IN THE TOMB OF QUEEN TAUOSRtT. 43 

15. Pair of Bracelets, silver.— Each bracelet is composed of two plaques 

joined with a hinge. The front plaque is elliptical, and shows Tauosrit, 
styled "royal wife," standing, dressed in an ample robe, holding a 
lotus flower, and pouring the contents of a long slender vase into a 
cup held by Setui II. The king is seated on a throne and is holding 
the emblem of millions of years. At the two ends there are two 
bouquets of flowers engraved. The hinder plaque has five rows of 
ornamentation : on the central one flowers are summarily represented ; 
on those at the sides chevrons are arranged in contrary directions. 

16. Pair of gold Bracelets.— Penannular, of lozenge-shaped section. Round 

the ends is wound a gold wire, which is twisted into a spiral opposite 
the opening. 

17. Pair of gold Bracelets. — A closed hollow ring, of triangular section. 

On the two lower angles that touch the arm there is an ornamentation 
of a fillet with small indentations. 

18. Pair of gold Bracelets, probably for a child. They are plain gold 

bands, formed into circles with the ends free. 

19. Bracelet in electrum. — Plain narrow strip, flexible, not engraved, with 

rounded ends, each pierced with a hole for a string or wire to secure 
the bracelet round the arm. 

20. Finger Ring, gold and enamel. — The flat ring has on the exterior a hawk 

with the solar disc on the head, the wings outspread, and the prenomen 
of Setui II in cloisonnd enamel. On the inside there is the same bird 
and the personal name of Setui II which is merely engraved. 

21. Finger Ring.— Gold, in open work. The bezel is formed of hieroglyphs 

cut out and engraved, forming the prenomen of Rameses II, User-md- 
re-setep-n-re mer tanen : the fihgree ring is composed of four groups of 
the sign of life between two uas sceptres placed over baskets. 

22. Gold finger Ring formed of four parallel wires, with the ends united 

and milled at the edges, leaving a space between them occupied by 
eight small ovals arranged two and two in four rows, inlaid with stones 
or enamel of various colours. 



44 BRIEF SUMMARY OF THE OBJECTS FOUND 

23. Gold finger Ring, double ; made of two rings exactly similar, joined to 

each other. The flat bezel presents the cartouche of Tauosrit, 
surmounted by two feathers and the disc. 

24. Double Ring, similar to the preceding, but each cartouche contains only 

a uraeus with two feathers on the head. 

25. Gold Ring. — Plain circle, with a wire twisted round the ends and 

traversing the movable bezel : a scarab in blue enamel, with a gold 
band round it, engraved with the name of Tauosrit. 

26. Ring, similar to the preceding, but with the scarab in white glazed 

pottery. 

27. 28. Two Rings for a child, of the same form, with broken scarabs. 

29, Thirteen thin Plaques in electrum, stamped and engraved with the two 
cartouches of Setui II, surmounted by the disc and two feathers. Both 
at top and bottom are two stems terminating in rings arranged in such 
a way that the plaques must have been superposed vertically, and 
perhaps decorated the links of a girdle. 

30-33. Small gold Animals, used as amulets : three lions and a cow with 
two long feathers on her head, like Hathor. 

34. Thin oval Plaque, in electrum, curved, a hole in the centre ; probably 

covered the top of the handle of a mirror. 

35. Two hollow Hands, formed of somewhat thin silver foil, they were 

possibly mounted on the cover of the cofiin. When found they con- 
tained the rings described above. 

36. Miniature Sandal, in silver. 

37. Carnelian Plaque, carved in form of an ibis, standing ; in front of the 

bird is an ostrich feather : emblem of truth. 



IN THE TOMB OF QUEEN TAUOSRIT. 45 

38, 39. Two Plaques in red carnelian, carved and engraved to represent the 
head of the goddess Hathor. The upper part of one of the heads, 
which was pierced witii a hole for suspension, having been broken, 
was fitted with a bronze ring. 

40. Carnelian, rose pink, carved to show in profile Amon seated ; the 

headdress with two long straiglit featliers. 

41. Serpent's Head in red carnelian, used as an amulet. 

42. Long Bead, not pierced, in red carnelian. 

43. Jar in glazed pottery, with coloured ornamentation on a white gTound. 

The base is an imitation of an open lotus flower, the petals grey-blue, 
green, and yellow ; near the top the cartouches of Setui II, surmounted 
by the solar disc above the sign of gold, are placed between two 
uraei, of which one has the i^slient, and the other the crown of the 
North ; the whole is in blue-grey, edged with two rows of yellow that 
has lost its colour, on which is a fiUet of blue-grey. 

44. Alabaster Vase, ovoid with straight neck, furnished with two handles in 

the form of gazelles' heads, and placed on a suj^port also decorated 
with two handles. 

45. Alabaster Vase, ovoid, with a short straight neck, provided with two 

small handles. On one of the sides is engraved the first prenomen 
cartouche of Rameses II, above the sign of gold, surmounted by the 
disc and two ostrich feathers. On the sides are two uraei with the 
crowns of the South and the North, and also tlie two eyes of Horus. 
Below is a garland of flowers beneath which is attached a full-blown 
lotus flower and two buds. 

46. Alabaster Jar with rounded base. Towards the top, filling half the 

space, three garlands of flowers are engraved, and lower down are the 
two cartouches of Rameses II surmounted by the solar disc. 



10 



PLATE I. 






<i — I 

W 
W 

o- 

o 
m 

o 
w 



Q 
O 

CO 

h 
u 

o 



PLATE II. 










^; .-n ic 





<t—i 

U 
W 

1=3 

a 
o 

O 

W 

H 



Q 

P 
O 
P^ 

en 
h 
o 

PQ 
O 




PLATE III, 









W 
W 

o 

o 

m 

:s 

o 

W 



O 
CD 

u 

W 

";) 
o 



PLATE IV, 









H 

w 
w 

o 
o 

o 

W 
H 



O 
CO 

o 
H 
1) 
CQ 
O 



PLATE V 



"^-S^Satfiii^.^ 




#" ^ 




1 




<! ' 

O 

O 

QQ 

O 
H 

W 



Q 

P 
O 

CO 

H 
O 



PLATE VI. 





N 




<.i — I 

% 
W 
W 
1=3 
O 

O 

OQ 

% 
O 
H 

W 
H 



Q 

O 

\^ 

CO 

E- 

u 

W 

m 

o 

A 
< 



PLATE Vll 











FOUR ALABASTER HEADS OF QUEEN TIYL 



PLATE VIII 







FOUR ALABASTER HEADS OF QUEEN TIYI. 



PLATE IX 







FOUR ALABASTER HEADS OF QUEEN TIYI 



PLATE X. 




ALABASTER PORTRAIT HEAD OF QUEEN T I YI- NATURAL SIZE 



PLATE XI 




ALABASTER PORTRAIT HEAD OF QUEEN TIYI NATURAL SIZE 



PLATE XII. 



.M'^^A / 



/ 






V 




ALABASTER PORTRAIT HEAD OF QUEEN TIYI NATURAL SIZE 



PLATE Tdll. 




ALABASTER PORTRAIT HEAD OF QUEEN T I YL NATURAL SIZE 



PLATE XIV. 




ALABASTER PORTRAIT HEAD OF QUEEN T I YP NATUP-AL SIZE 



PLATE XV. 




ALABASTER PORTRAIT HEAD OF QUEEN TIYI NATURAL SIZE 



I 



PLATE XVI. 




ALABASTER PORTRAIT HEAD OF QUEEN TIYI NATURAL SIZE, 



PLATE XVII. 




ALABASTER PORTRAIT HEAD OF QUEEN TIYI NATURAL SIZE 



PLATE XVIII. 








CANOPIC JARS OF QUEEN TIYI. 



PLATE XIX. 



0im 

^^T^.^JJ....;T.,., ■. ..IK, 






^■i^. I' 


^^^mmm 


^HPkir.' 


-., . -^■^mmm 


WKSt^S'-K %^ 


til fii'l' i^MWlWf 


[ 'i"">i" " iiii 


yHBBI^^^^- 





CANOPIC JARS OF QUEEN TIYI. 



1 



PLATE XX. 




IMPERIAL CROWN OF QUEEN TIYI. 



PLATE XXI. 




<i — t 

H 

% 
W 
W 

o 

w 
o 

<^ 

o 
w 
I5 

Q 
J 
O 
O 



I 



PLATE XXI] 





*^^« r V \! 



,*..,, ^^4 



\ 1 I f 



'.v; 



■'H>,.^ ^41 



j'\L. 



5 V 



i^'.jiji' - !L. 









>( ' «r 



CO 

o 

I — I 

pq 

w 

o 
u 



PLATE XXIII, 













BRONZE WEDGES. 



M 



m 



PLATE XXIV 




<) — I 

H 

a 

o 
m 

X 
o 

H 
U 

o 



o 






m 



PLATE XXV 




o 

i 

o 



o 

CO 

w 
ffl 

< 

o 



D 

W 
CO 



PLATE XXVI 






en 




(X 




< 




^ 




u 




1 — 1 

o 


t^ 


z 


< 


< 


u 


Q 


hJ 


Z 




< 


K 


g 


o 


E 


J 


t. 


D 


o 


PH 


o 


w 




CO 


o 




z 




> — ' 




^ 




o 




X 




en 



1 



PLATE XXVll. 




J 





O 




f^ 




G 




J 




O 




o 




1— H 




hU 




H 




? 


0^ 




< 


> 


X 


O 


o 


O 


J 


q" 


^ 




K 


O 


o 


c^ 


J 


h- 


D 


en 


Oh 


H 


w 


Q 


w 


' ■ 




W 




^ 




1 — 1 




Qi 




K 




W 




O 




^ 




1— 1 




^ 




o 




K 




en 



PLATE XXVni. 




SEPULCHRAL CHAMBER. 
FRAGMENT OF SHRINE. 



PLATE XXIX. 




<' — I 



s 




w 




w 




tD 




a 




fn 




o 


D 


h 


^ 


^ 


o 




< 

1 — 1 


C^ 


g 


o 


^ 


p. 


W 


o 


W 


Si 


f^ 


1 — 1 


O 


o 


H 


;r: 


P^ 


w 


^ 


J 


O 


1 — 1 


HH 


o 


[L| 


pi. 




Q 




o 


CO 


o 


s 


X 


w 


H 




(— t 


Q 


^ 


Z 


P 


< 


W 




(i; 




w 




> 




o 




o 




.-J 




W 





K 



PLATE XXX. 




Qi 
H 

m 
< 

'X, 

o 



O 

I — I 

PH 
W 

CO 



[in 
O 
U 



PLATE XXXI. 




— 'U 


^1 


^^zz^ 




(foil 





<:C:i 






S^ 



B O 



Painted by E. Harold Jones 

IVI'Lagan & Gumming. Litko., Edinburgh 




"ZST" 



L^ 






lO 







RIGHT-HAND POST AND BEAMS COVERED WITH STUCCO 
OVERLAID WITH GOLD, FROM SEPULCHRAL CANOPY 



i 



j | i J iiil |[] 



=5 



o 



D 




^-JUMffig 



PLATE XXXII. 




PLATE XXXIir. 




Painted by E. Harold Jones 



FIGURE OF OUEEN TIYI 



M 'Lagan & Gumming, Litho., Edinbureh 



Plate XXXIV 




HEAD OF QUEEN tTyI, 



FROM A STATUETTE, FOUND BY PROFESSOR PETRIE AT SIWA 




^ 


^ 


§ 


"*! 


5 


!^ 


5 










^ 


. «'^' 


11. 


z -i: 




§ ^ S 





a 



'^ s 






> 


B 


D 


^ 


^ 








o 


^ 


;^ 




■s 


'■? 


Q 




^ 


-^ 








2 


■^ 


S 


i> 


-S 




li 


-v; 




.^ 


^ 



