CATALOGUE  GENERAL 

DES 

ANTIQUITIES  EGYPTIENNES 

DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES 


C?Q_ViyE-  TKjgySaflrf  OroXt^Al^S  a^-^|-|h 


»XIl/MNfc4 


®»»  a ■ ggO 


#°*  ,*®»  9 a 
B°  O a°  0 ° 

oaa  oo 
3 o © 9 

i ?%’  % v° 


o 9 a © 


(service  des  ANTIQUITES  DE  L’EIGYPTE 


r _ r 


CATALOGUE  GENERAL 


DES 


ANTIQUITfiS  EGYPTIENNES 


DU  MUSEE  DU  CAIRE 


N°“  61051-61100 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES 


BY  G.  ELLIOT  SMITH,  F.  R.  S. 


••  ■&  ' 


c 


X ! 


LE  CAIRE 
IMPRIMERIE  DE  L’INSTITUT  FRAN^AIS 
D’ARCHEOLOGIE  OR1ENTALE 


1912 


406101 


PREFACE. 


In  coming  to  a decision  as  to  which  of  the  manifold  ways  of  transliterating 
Ancient  Egyptian  proper  names  I should  adopt  in  this  Catalogue  I have  been 
guided  by  two  considerations  to  follow  Sir  Gaston  Maspero.  In  the  first  place, 
those  who  wish  to  refer  to  the  actual  objects  catalogued  will  naturally  make  use 
of  his  Guide  du  Visiteur  au  Muse'e  du  Caire;  and  it  will  he  a convenience  to  those 
anatomists  and  anthropologists,  who,  like  the  writer,  are  ignorant  of  Egyptian 
philology,  to  find  the  same  object  referred  to  by  the  same  name  in  both  works 
of  reference.  In  the  second  place  I shall  have  to  refer  on  almost  every  page  of 
this  Catalogue  to  M.  Maspero’s  great  monograph,  Les  Momies  royales  de  Deir- 
el-Bahari  (Memoires  publies  par  les  membres  de  la  Mission  archeologique  francaise 
au  Caire  sous  la  direction  de  M.  Maspero,  Membre  de  1’Institut,  tome  pre- 
mier, quatrieme  fascicule,  Paris,  1889);  and  I have  striven  to  make  the 
spelling  of  names  in  my  text  agree  with  that  of  the  numerous  quotations  from 
M.  Maspero’s  writings.  When  the  mode  of  transliteration  in  Les  Momies  royales 
differs  from  that  of  the  Guide  du  Visiteur  I have  followed  the  latter  as  being  the 
more  recent. 

It  is  desirable  at  the  outset  to  make  an  explicit  statement  in  reference  to 
certain  matters,  which  in  the  future,  as  has  happened  in  the  past,  are  sure  to 
cause  misunderstandings. 

In  the  first  place  I must  explain  the  scope  and  nature  of  this  Catalogue.  When 
M.  Maspero  requested  me  to  undertake  this  work  the  intention  was  to  write  a 
report  upon  such  anatomical  and  pathological  features  as  a careful  examination 
of  the  mummies  would  reveal.  In  the  case  of  many  of  the  mummies,  especially 
those  in  the  best  state  of  preservation,  there  was  singularly  little  that  an  anato- 
mist could  do,  provided  of  course  that  he  refrained -from  damaging  the  body.* 
In  such  mummies  as  those  of  Ramses  III,  for  instance,  the  anatomist  can  add 
little  to  what  any  one  can  see  for  himself  by  looking  At  the  body  encased  in  its 
resinous  carapace.  Examination  with  the  aid  of  the  X-rays  would,  no  doubt, 
have  provided  much  additional  information  — and  I hope  this  will  be  done  at 


189548 


283669 


IV 


some  future  time  — but  I was  unable  to  get  such  investigations  carried  out, 
except  in  the  case  of  the  mummy  of  Thoutmosis  IV.  In  the  course  of  my  preli- 
minary examinations  of  the  Royal  Mummies  so  much  information  came  to  light 
concerning  the  treatment  of  the  body,  in  the  process  of  embalming,  that  I asked 
M.  Maspero  to  allow  me  to  study  the  problems  thus  raised  in  the  case  of 
mummies  less  precious,  historically,  than  those  of  the  Pharaohs  and  their 
families.  M.  Maspero  very  generously  gave  me  every  assistance  and  placed  at  my 
disposal  a large  series  of  mummies,  which  provided  the  material  for  my  memoir, 

A Contribution  to  the  Study  of  Mummification  in  Egypt  {Memoires  de  Vlnstitut 
egyptien,  tome  V,  fascicule  1,  1906),  and  a series  of  notes  published  in  the 
Bulletins  de  Vlnstitut  egyptien,  the  Annales  du  Service  des  Antiquite's  de  FEgypte 
(190&  et  seq.),  the  Cairo  Scientific  Journal,  the  Proceedings  of  the  British  Asso- 
ciation, and  the  Proceedings  of  the  Boyal  Philosophical  Society  of  Glasgow.  Moreover 
certain  colleagues  and  friends,  Professor  W.  A.  Schmidt,  Mr.  A.  Lucas,  Mr.  W.  M. 
Colies,  Dr.  Armand  Ruffer  and  Professor  A.  R.  Ferguson,  came  to  my  assistance, 
and  investigated  aspects  of  the  problems  of  mummification,  upon  which  their 
special  knowledge  enabled  them  to  throw  a great  deal  of  light.  The  memoirs  of 
Professor  Schmidt,  Chemische  und  biologische  Uniersuchungen  von  agyptischem 
Mumienmaterial,  nebst  Betrachtungen  uber  das  Einbalsamierungsverfahren  der  alten 
Aegypter  (Zeitschrift  fur  allgemeine  Physiologie,  Rd.  VII,  1907,  p.  369-892) 
and  Uber  Mumienfettsauren  (Ghemiker-Zeitung,  1908,  n°  65),  and  Mr.  Lucas’ 
Preservative  Materials  used  by  the  Ancient  Egyptians  in  Embalming  (Survey  Depart- 
ment Paper,  n°  12,  Cairo,  1911)  are  works  of  fundamental  importance  in  this 
investigation,  especially  as  much  of  the  material  upon  which  their  researches 
are  based  was  obtained  from  the  Royal  Mummies  with  which  this  Catalogue 
deals. 

Thus  a second  and  much  more  fruitful  line  of  investigation  was  opened  up, 
namely,  the  light  these  mummies  throw  upon  the  history  of  the  evolution  of  the 
art  of  embalming.  This  question  is  fully  discussed  in  the  Catalogue.  * 

The  earliest  mummy  discussed  here  is  that  of  Saqnounri,  the  last  king  of  the 
XVIIth  Dynasty.  I have  summarized  the  evidence  relating  to  the  evolution  of 
embalming  before  his  time  in  the  History  of  Mummification  in  Egypt  ( Proceedings 
of  the  Royal  Philosophical  Society  of  Glasgow,  1910),  and  also  in  Quibell’s  Exca- 
vations at  Saqqara,  1906-1907. 

In  discussing  the  technique  of  mummification  and  the  customs  associated 
with  it  one  has  to  deal  with  subjects  that  may  possibly  give  rise  to  offence , on 
the  ground  that  it  is  not  showing  due  respect  to  the  memories  of  the  powerful 


V 


rulers  of  Ancient  Egypt  to  display  their  naked  remains , and  use  them  as  material 
for  anthropological  investigations.  In  fact  a good  deal  of  comment  has  been 
made  in  the  past  in  reference  to  the  so-called  « sacrilege  v , on  the  part  of  modern 
archaeologists,  in  opening  royal  Aombs  and  removing  and  unwrapping  the 
mummies.  < 

Those  who  make  such  complaints  seem  to  be  unaware  that  the  real  desecra- 
tion was  committed  twenty  nine  centuries  ago  by  the  subjects  of  these  rulers; 
and  that  modern  archaeologists,  in  doing  what  they  have  done,  have  been 
rescuing  these  mummies  from  the  destructive  vandalism  of  the  modern  descen- 
dants of  these  ancient  grave-plunderers. 

Having  these  valuable  historical  tr  documents » in  our  possession  it  is  surely 
our  duty  to  read  them  as  fully  and  as  carefully  as  possible.  In  Egypt  phallic 
ideas  have  held  sway  from  the  earliest  times;  and  the  evidence  for,  and  against, 
the  influence  of  such  ideas  in  determining  the  technique  of  embalming  has  given 
rise  to  such  pronounced  contradictions , often  based  upon  errors  of  observation , 
that  no  course  was  open  to  me  but  to  let  the  naked  bodies  tell  their  own  story. 

I have  endeavoured  to  make  the  discussions  of  the  features  of  the  mummies 
as  concise  as  possible,  because  Brugsch  Pasha’s  excellent  photographs  make 
minute  descriptions  unnecessary. 

There  is  one  other  question  that  is  constantly  cropping  up  and  giving  rise  to 
much  misunderstanding  : it  is  the  problem  of  determining  the  age  of  a mummy. 
Apart  from  baldness,  whitening  of  the  hair  and  the  extent  of  the  wearing-down 
of  the  teeth  — all  of  which,  as  every  observant  man  knows,  are  of  little  value  as 
evidence  of  the  precise  age  of  any  individual  — only  the  bones  of  the  skeleton  (in 
persons  above  the  age  of  puberty)  can  give  any  definite  information  in  reference 
to  age.  A large  proportion  of  the  mummies  are  so  well-preserved  that  no  access 
to  the  bones  can  be  obtained.  Blit  even  when  some,  or  even  all,  of  the  bones 
are  available  for  examination  it  is  not  possible  for  the  anatomist,  at  any  rate  in 
the  present  state  of  knowledge,  to  make  an  exact  estimate  of  the  number  of 
years  the  person  had  lived.  In  this  Catalogue  I have  taken  the  specific  case  of 
the  skeleton  supposed  to  be  Khouniatonou’s  (Akhenaten’s),  and  have  set  forth  in 
detail  the  nature  of  the  evidence  and  the  reasons  for  the  uncertainty  of  its 
significance.  But  Khouniatonou’s  is  a very  much  easier  and  simpler  problem  than 
that  presented  by  Thoutmosis  IVths  mummy.  In  the  former  the  whole  skeleton 
was  available , whereas  in  the  latter  \-  had  to  deal  with  the  mummy.  One  leg 
had  been  broken  across  at  the  knee , so  that  I was  able  to  determine  that  his 
leg-bones  were  fully  consolidated,  and  that  he  was  at  least  2 A years  of  age. 


VI 


Scraping  away  the  resinous  material  from  the  part  of  the  os  innominatum, 
exposed  in  the  embalming  wound  jn  the  left  flank,  I found  that  the  epiphysis  of 
the  crest  of  the  ilium  was  fused  to  the  rest  of  the  hone  in  all  except  its  posterior 
extremity,  where  a slight  fissure,  or  rather,  groove,  still  existed.  The  text-books 
state  that  this  epiphysis  maintains  its  independence  until  about  2 5 years  of 
age;  and  therefore  I assumed  that  Thoutmosis  IV  was  about  this  age  at  the  time 
of  his  death.  I did  not  submit  this  estimate  to  the  critical  analysis,  which  was 
necessary  in  the  case  of  Khouniatonou , for  two  reasons.  In  the  latter  case  the  ana- 
tomical and  archaeological  evidence  seemed  to  clash  and  I was  compelled  to  set 
forth  all  the  reservations  which  might  provide  the  way  for  agreement.  In  the 
case  of  Thoutmosis  IV  I was  led  to  believe  (in  1 90&)  that  the  historical  evi- 
dence assigned  an  early  age  to  that  Pharaoh;  and  as  the  anatomical  evidence 
was  in  agreement  there  was  no  reason  for  making  any  reservation.  Since  then, 
however,  I have  discovered  that  historians  are  far  from  being  agreed  in  regard 
to  the  youth  of  Thoutmosis  IV.  In  the  case  of  Khouniatonou  the  fact  emerges  that 
the  evidence  afforded  by  one  bone  alone,  as  in  the  case  of  Thoutmosis  IV,  must 
be  received  with  caution.  Moreover  I have  since  discovered  that  no  bone  is  more 
misleading  than  the  innominate  bone;  for  I have  found  that  the  sulcus  which 
separates  the  posterior  part  of  the  epiphysis  cristae  may  remain  open  until 
middle  age.  Had  I been  aware  of  these  facts  seven  years  ago,  when  I wrote  my 
report  on  Thoutmosis  IV,  I would  still  have  suggested  a 5 years  as  his  age,  as  I 
suppose  most  anatomists  would  have  done;  but  with  my  present  experience  of 
the  variability  of  the  relative  dates  of  epiphyseal  unions  in  ancient  Egyptian 
bones,  I would  make  the  reservation  that  the  anatomical  evidence,  when  based 
upon  the  penultimate  stage  of  consolidation  of  a single  bone,  cannot  be  regarded 
as  conclusive. 

I had  no  opportunity  of  seeing  the  proofs  of  the  plates  before  they  were 
printed  and  there  are  a number  of  points  that  call  for  comment.  In  some  cases 
the  engraver  was  unable  to  put  several  figures  into  a single  plate,  as  had  been 
intended;  and,  in  the  process  of  rearrangement,  he  has  altered  the  order  of 
the  Plates  or  rr squeezed  out»  some  of  them,  which  have  had  to  be  put  at  the 
end  of  the  series.  In  Plate  XXXIX  (which  should  have  been  in  the  place  of 
XXXVIII)  crbaqts  should  read  «Baqt». 

In  Plate  XXXII , fig.  2 is  upside  down  : and  the  details  of  the  inscription  are 
shown  in  their  proper  orientation  in  Plates  G to  GUI. 

The  description  of  fig.  2,  Plate  LXII,  should  read  sSiphtah’s  feet  — tali- 
pes of  left  foots;  that  of  Plate  LXXIV,  « Queen  Makeri’s  baby  — princess 


— VII  

Moutemhitw;  and  that  of  fig.  1,  Plate  XGVI,  «An  intrusive  Mummy  from  the 
tomh  of  Thoutmosis  III». 

In  deleting  the  hack-ground  in  the  photograph  from  which  Plate  XXIX 
was  made  the  engraver  has  left  a large  black  mass,  on  the  lower  back  part  of 
the  head,  which  looks  like  a mass  of  hair,  a kind  of  flattened  chignon.  The 
true  profile  of  the  head  is  shown  in  another  reproduction  of  the  same  photograph 
in  The  Tomb  of  Thoutmosis  IV  (Theodore  M.  Davis’  excavations,  190&). 


CATALOGUE  GENERAL 

DES 

ANTIQUITES  fiGYPTIENNES 

DU  MUSEE  DU  CAIRE. 

> — — — : 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 

61051.  Mummy  of  the  king  Saqnounri  III  Tiouaqen  of  the  XVII  dynasty 

(pi.  I,  II  and  III). 

Found  at  Deir  el-Bahari  in  the  year  1881  {Les  Momies  royales,  p.  5ti-5a4)  and 
brought  to  the  Cairo  Museum  (then  at  Boulac),  the  mummy  was  unrolled  by 
M.  Maspero  {op.  cit.,  p.  5 27)  on  June  9th  1886.  The  wrappings  left  upon  the 
limbs  by  M.  Maspero  were  removed  by  me  on  September  isl  1906.  The  evidence 
for  the  identification  of  the  mummy  is  given  by  M.  Maspero  {op.  cit.,  p.  5 a 6), 
whose  account  of  the  unwrapping  is  as  follows  : 

«Deux  grands  linceuls  en  toile  grossi&re,  mal  attaches,  la  rev&aient  des  pieds  a la  t&e, 
puis  on  rencontra  quelques  pieces  de  linge  ntigligemment  routes  et  des  tampons  de 
chiffons,  maintenus  par  des  bandelettes,  le  tout  gras  au  toucher  et  p<$n<5tr4  d’une 
odeur  f4ti.de.  Ces  premieres  enveloppes  une  fois  levies,  il  nous  resta  entre  les  mains 
une  sorte  de  fuseau  d’<5toffe  long  d’environ  1 m.  82  cent,  et  tellement  mince  quil 
semblait  impossible  qu’un  corps  humain  pAt  y trouver  place.  Les  deux  demises 
couches  de  toile  4taient  collies  par  les  parfums  et  adWraient  a la  peau  : on  les 
fendit  au  couteau  et  le  corps  entier  parut  au  jour*  ( Les  Momies  royales,  p.  527). 

All  that  now  remains  of  Saqnounri  Tiou&qen  is  a badly  damaged,  disarticulated  skele- 
ton enclosed  in  an  imperfect  sheet  of  soft , moist , flexible , dark  brown  skin , which 
has  a strongly  aromatic,  spicy  odour.  The  skin  resembles  that  of  mummies  of  the 
Coptic  period  after  they  have  been  exposed  to  the  air  and  the  preservative  salts  have 
deliquesced  and  softened  the  tissues.  But  my  colleague  Professor  W.  A.  Schmidt  has 
been  unable  to  find  in  Saqnounri’s  skin  any  greater  quantity  of  chloride  of  sodium 
than  occurs  in  untreated  human  tissues.  The  spicy  odour  of  the  skin  is  due  to  the 
fact  that  it  has  been  sprinkled  with  powdered  aromatic  wood  (or  sawdust). 

No  attempt  was  made  to  put  the  body  into  the  customary  mummy -position;  the  head 
had  not  been  straightened  on  the  trunk,  the  legs  were  not  fully  extended,  and  the 


2 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUStfE  DU  CAIRE. 


arms  and  hands  were  left  in  the  agonised  attitude  (Plate  I),  into  which  they  had 
been  thrown  in  the  death  spasms  following  the  murderous  attack,  the  evidence  of 
which  is  so  clearly  impressed  on  the  battered  face  and  skull.  Instead  of  being  put 
into  an  attitude  of  repose,  as  was  the  usual  custom  in  embalming,  the  face  was  left 
as  it  was  found  at  the  time  of  death,  the  lips  widely  retracted  from  the  teeth,  so 
that  the  mouth  forms  a distorted  oval,  the  upper  lip  being  pulled  up  toward  the 
right  and  the  lower  lip  downward  to  the  left  (to  Plate  II).  The  whole  attitude  of 
the  body  is  such  as  we  might  expect  to  find  in  the  body  of  one  who  had  suffered  the 
violent  death  which  the  terrible  wounds  on  Saqnounrfs  head  declare  to  have  been 
his  fate.  M.  Maspero  has  reconstituted  Saqnounrfs  death-scene  with  great  skill 
(op.  cit.,  p.  5 a 8)  and  has  also  interpreted  the  state  of  the  body,  to  which  I have  just 
referred , as  being  clear  evidence  that  it  was  hurriedly  mummified  far  away  from  the 
laboratories  of  the  embalmers  — he  suggests  the  field  of  battle  as  the  probable  scene 
of  Saqnounrfs  death  and  embalming.  Another  explanation  is  suggested  in  the  same 
volume  (op.  cit.,  Les  Momies  royales.  Appendix  IV,  p.  776)  by  Dr  Fouquet  in  these 
words  : «La  momie  de  ce  roi  est  en  tr&s  mauvais  4 tat  de  conservation  : tu<$  sur 
le  champ  de  bataille,  Soqnounrt  fut  tr&s  probablement  transport^  a Th&bes  pour 
y 4tre  momifi^.  Le  voyage  dura  plusieurs  jours,  et  le  cadavre  (itait  en  pleine 
decomposition  quand  on  le  remit  aux  mains  des  embaumeurs  The  evidence  is  all 
against  this  hypothesis  and  in  favour  of  M.  Maspero’s  explanation.  The  condition  of 
the  mummy  is  clearly  not  due  to  delay  in  being  submitted  to  the  embalmers , but  to 
the  manner  of  preserving  the  body  — the  method  which,  as  will  be  shown  in  the 
succeeding  pages,  was  in  vogue  at  the  end  of  the  XVIIth  and  beginning  of  the  XVIIIth 
dynasties;  and  in  this  case  it  was  practised  in  a rough  and  hasty  manner.  If  the 
embalming  had  been  done  in  a leisurely  manner  in  Thebes  or  in  any  other  place, 
where  there  were  facilities  for  the  proper  treatment  of  the  body,  the  mummy  would 
have  certainly  received  the  usual  careful  preparation  for  wrapping  — the  legs  would 
have  been  fully  extended , the  arms  placed  in  the  positions  defined  by  the  conventions 
of  the  time,  and  the  head,  and  especially  the  face,  would  have  been  submitted  to 
an  elaborate  toilet.  The  absence  of  all  these  attentions  clearly  demonstrates  the 
probability  of  M.  Maspero’s  suggestion  that  the  body  was  hastily  embalmed  on  or 
near  the  field  of  battle. 

By  building  up  the  skeleton  I have  been  able  to  estimate  the  size  and  proportions  of 
the  body.  Soqnounrt  was  1 m.  70a  mill,  in  height  : although  the  teeth  are  so 
well-worn  as  to  be  almost  all  molariform,  the  fact  that  all  the  cranial  sutures  are 
still  patent  suggests  that  the  king  was  not  much  more  than  thirty  years  of  age  at 
the  time  of  death  : but  the  complete  ankylosis  of  the  meta-and  meso- sterna  might 
be  adduced  as  evidence  of  an  age  of  at  least  forty.  Experience  in  the  examination  of 
Egyptian  hones,  however,  does  not  lead  one  to  place  much  reliance  upon  the  time 
of  consolidation  of  the  ensiform  as  an  index  of  age. 

The  cranium  is  a very  large,  relatively  flat,  ovoid,  0 m.  iq5  mill.,  long,  0 m.  i48  mill, 
broad  and  0 m.  i3i  mill,  in  height  (basi-bregmatic). 

The  jaw  conforms  to  the  Egyptian  type  : the  bi gonial  breadth  is  0 m.  09 5 mill.,  the 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


3 


bicondylar  breadth  is  o m.  1 35  mill.,  the  height  of  the  symphysis  is  o m.  087  mill, 
and  the  vertical  measurement  to  the  sigmoid  notch  is  0 m.  o46  mill.  The 
length  and  breadth  of  the  palate  (Plate  III)  are  0 m.  o5g  mill,  and  0 m.  o38  mill, 
respectively.  The  face  is  so  badly  smashed  by  the  fatal  injuries  that  no  accurate 
measurements  can  be  made , but  it  seems  to  conform  to  the  Egyptian  type. 

There  is  a complete  set  of  healthy  teeth  almost  entirely  free  from  tartar -deposits.  The 
third  molars  on  both  sides  of  both  jaws  are  practically  unworn , but  all  the  other 
teeth  are  well  worn  (Plate  III). 

The  maximum  length  of  the  left  femur  is  o m.  46 0 mill,  and  the  oblique  length 
o m.  45a  mill.  : the  whole  leg,  heel  to  head  of  femur,  measures  0 m.  gaA  mill., 
the  head  of  the  femur  to  the  upper  articular  surface  of  the  atlas  o m.  647  mill, 
and  the  basi-bregmatic  height  adds  0 m.  i3i  mill.,  to  these  measurements  and 
brings  the  total  up  to  i m.  70a  mill. 

The  femur  is  a very  massive  bone,  with  strongly -marked  muscular  ridges  : its  shaft 
has  a slightly  forward  curve  : the  articular  surface  of  the  head  extends  on  to  the 
antero- superior  aspect  of  the  neck  — a feature  which  is  usually  associated  with  the 
practice  of  sitting  in  the  squatting  attitude. 

The  right  humerus,  as  is  usual  in  right-handed  persons,  is  more  massive  than  the 
left,  and  its  coronoid  fossa  is  not  perforated  as  that  of  the  left  bone  is.  The  length 
measurements  of  the  two  bones,  however,  are  identical  : maximum  length  o m. 
33a  mill.,  oblique  length  0 m.  33 o mill. 

The  length  of  the  right  radius  is  estimated  at  0 m.  a46  mill.,  and  the  distance  from 
the  radial  surface  of  the  lunar  bone  to  the  tip  of  the  middle  finger  is  0 m.  1 go  mill. 

The  scapulae  are  very  long  and  pointed  below,  and  the  acromial  end  of  the  clavicle 
has  a curiously  conical  form , ending  in  a small  articular  facet.  On  the  back  of  the 
right  papula  there  is  an  ulcer,  0 m.  02  cent,  x 0 m.  01  cent.,  extending  from  the 
posterior  lip  of  the  glenoid  fossa  in  its  lower  half  : its  edges  are  raised,  but  the 
nature  of  the  lesion  is  doubtful. 

The  verbebral  column  presents  the  usual  number  of  segments.  On  the  left  side  of  the 
atlas  the  vertebral  canal  is  bridged  over  by  a bar  of  bone  but  on  the  right  side  the 
bridge  is  not  quite  complete.  All  the  cervical  spines,  except  the  first  and  last,  are 
markedly  bifid.  There  is  a perfectly  typical,  solidly-built,  five- pieced  sacrum, 
o m.  086  mill,  long  (0  m.  io4  mill,  around  the  ventral  curve)  and  0 m.  iog  mill, 
broad. 

In  the  process  of  embalming  a vertical  incision  was  made  in  the  left  Sank  0 m.  1 56  mill, 
in  length,  its  lower  end  being  immediately  in  front  of  the  anterior  superior 
spine  of  the  ilium.  The  opening  is  now  elliptical  and  gapes  to  the.  extent  of  0 m. 
o38  mill.  Through  it  the  greater  part  of  the  abdominal  viscera  had  been  removed 
and  an  opening  (o  m.  1 a 5 mill,  in  diameter)  was  made  through  the  centre  of  the 
diaphragm  for  the  purpose  of  removing  the  thoracic  viscera. 

No  trace  whatever  of  the  thoracic  organs  now  remains  and  as  the  thorax,  unlike  the 
abdomen,  was  not  packed  with  linen,  it  is  not  possible  to  state  what  treatment  the 
heart  and  lungs  received , or  whether  or  not  they  were  originally  left  in  situ  in  the 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUStfE  DU  CAIRE. 

body.  The  fact  that  a definite  opening  was  made  into  the  thorax  — even  if  we  admit 
the  unlikely  possibility  that  it  was  made  accidentally  when  cutting  out  the  liver 
and  stomach  — favours  the  probability  that  some,  at  least,  of  the  thoracic  contents 
were  eviscerated.  c 

The  abdominal  cavity  and  pelvis  were  tightly  packed  with  linen  forming  a solid  mass, 
which  is  still  well-preserved.  It  was  the  impressions  on  this  mass  of  the  flank 
incision,  of  the  walls  of  the  body- cavity  and  the  diaphragm  (whjgly^as  still  adhering 
to  the  linen  cast)  which  gave  me  most  of  the  information  recorded  in  the  preceding 
paragraphs.  Remains  of  some  of  the  abdominal  viscera  were  still  attached  to  the 
posterior  surface  of  the  mass  of  linen. 

No  attempt  had  been  made  to  open  the  cranial  cavity  through  the  nostrils,  such  as  was 
the  custom  from  the  time  of  the  XVIIIth  dynasty  onwards  : nor  had  any  packing 
material  been  introduced  into  the  cranial  cavity  through  the  extensive  wounds 
inflicted  on  the  skull. 

All  of  these  details  in  the  case  of  Saqnounri  assume  very  special  importance , when  it 
is  realised  that  his  body  is  the  earliest  mummy  in  the  Museum  the  authenticity  of 
which  is  beyond  question.  I have  recently  ( Cairo  Scientific  Journal,  vol.  II,  n°  37, 
December  1908,  p.  k s4)  called  attention  to  the  fact  that  mummification  was 
certainly  practised  as  early  as  the  time  of  the  Vth  dynasty,  but,  with  the  single 
exception  of  the  mummy  said  to  be  that  of  Ranofir  (found  by  Flinders  Petrie  in  a 
mastaba  at  Medum , and  now  in  the  Museum  of  the  Royal  College  of  Surgeons  in 
London),  all  the  mummies  earlier  than  that  of  Saqnounri  have  been  so  fragile  that 
they  could  not  be  moved.  Definitely  mummified  bodies  of  the  period  of  the  Middle 
Empire  have  been  found  by  Quibell  at  Saqqara  and  by  Lythgoe  and  Mace  at  Lisht, 
but  the  tissues  were  pulverised. 

THE  FATAL  WOUNDS. 

For  the  purpose  of  accurate  description  I shall  assign  distinctive  numbers  to  the 
wounds  inflicted  upon  the  head;  but  it  must  not  be  imagined  that  there  numbers 
have  any  reference  to  the  order  of  infliction  of  the  wounds. 

The  first  wound  (Plate  II,  arrow  i),  was  placed  transversely  in  the  frontal  bone.  It 
extends  from  the  middle  line  toward  the  right  for  a distance  of  0 m.  06 3 mill.; 
and  from  its  mesial  end  a crack  runs  around  the  left  half  of  the  frontal  bone  to  end 
at  the  meeting  place  of  the  left  temporal  crest  and  the  coronal  suture.  For  a 
distance  of  o m.  o5  cent.,  in  this  wound  a strip  of  bone,  0 m.  008  mill,  wide,  has 
been  depressed  and  lies  in  the  cranial  cavity  attached  to  the  dura  mater,  which 
was  also  damaged. 

The  scalp,  cut  by  the  blow  which  fractured  the  skull,  was  retracted  from  the  edges  • 
of  the  fissure  in  the  skull.  The  appearance  of  the  edges  of  this  retracted  scalp 
indicates  with  tolerable  certainty  that  the  wound  was  inflicted  during  life.  For  a 
distance  of  0 m.  o3s  mill,  along  the  crack  extending  from  the  fracture  there  was 
a patch  of  bare  bone.  The  scalp  must  have  been  stripped  from  this  bone  either  by 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


5 


a second  blow  or  by  some  projection  on  the  instrument  with  which  the  blow  that 
caused  the  fracture  was  inflicted.  At  the  junction  of  the  fracture  and  the  crack 
proceeding  from  it  there  were  two  triangular  areas  of  bone  , each  about  o m.  01  cent, 
in  diameter,  surrounded  by  fissured  fractures.  One  of  these  became  displaced  and 
fell  in  to  the  cranium  while  1 was  examining  the  head. 

This  wound  (or  wounds)  was  probably  caused  by  an  axe  with  an  edge  o m.  o5  cent, 
or  o m.  06  cent.  long. 

Around  the  right  extremity  of  this  wound  there  is  a large  crescentic  mass  of  hair 
matted  in  some  black  material  — presumably  blood.  The  mass  is  o m.  o63  mill, 
(horizontal)  x o m.  o3i  mill,  (vertical). 

Below  this  mass  of  matted  hair  and  opposite  the  outer  two  thirds  of  the  right  supra- 
orbital margin  (almost  parallel  to  and  o m.  018  cent,  above  it)  there  is  a fusiform 
scalp-wound  revealing  a second  fracture  of  the  frontal  bone  (Plate  II,  arrow  a) 
coextensive  with  it,  o m.  o3  i mill,  long,  gaping  to  the  extent  of  almost  o m.  i o cent. 
This  wound  also  was  probably  inflicted  with  an  axe.  This  part  of  the  supraorbital 
margin , including  the  right  external  angular  process  and  the  whole  of  the  right 
malar  bone , is  depressed  more  than  o m.  o i o mill,  below  its  original  level , the 
zygomatic  arch  being  broken  at  the  articulation  between  the  temporal  and  malar 
bones  and  the  supraciliary  margin  of  the  frontal  bone  near  its  inner  end.  The  two 
extremities  of  the  orbital  margin  of  the  right  malar  bone  are  dislocated  and  have 
made  holes  in  the  skin  of  the  face  (arrow  a'). 

A blow  across  the  bony  part  of  the  nose  has  fractured  both  nasal  bones  (Plate  II, 
arrow  3)  and  depressed  the  lower  fragments  to  the  extent  of  o m.  007  mill.  This 
blow  probably  destroyed  the  right  eye  and  caused  the  injuries  to  the  malar  bone 
and  supraorbital  margin  of  the  frontal  just  described.  This  blow  was  probably 
inflicted  by  means,  of  some  blunt  instrument  such  as  a stick  or  the  handle  of  an  axe , 
the  skin  wounds  being  caused  indirectly  by  the  projection  of  fragments  of  broken 
bones.  A blow  on  the  left  cheek  with  some  edged  to,ol , such  as  an  axe , cut  through 
the  skin  (plate  II,  arrow  4)  and  severed  the  malar  from  the  superior  maxilla  along 
their  line  of  meeting.  The  wound  stops  above  at  the  lower  border  of  the  orbit  and 
below  at  the  anterior  margin  of  the  coronoird  process  of  the  mandible,  from  which 
a small  strip  has  bfeen  separated.  Some  pointed  instrument  such  as  a pike  or  spear  - 
was  driven  into  the  left  side  of  the  head  immediately  below  the  ear  (Plate  III)  : it 
smashed  off  the  left  mastoid  process,  the  left  occipital  condyle  and  part  of  the 
margin  of  the  foramen  magnum  and  was  prevented  from  damaging  the  medulla 
oblongata  because  its  point  was  stopped  by  the  anterior  part  of  the  lateral  mass 
(superior  articular  process)  of  the  atlas.  Of  these  five  separate  blows  it  is  clear  that 
the  first  two  and  the  fourth  were  caused  in  all  probability  by  an  axe,  although  it  is 
just  possible  that  a sword  may  have  been  used.  The  fifth  was  probably  caused  by  a 
spear;  for  it  is  unlikely  that  a narrow-bladed  sword  could  have  been  used  to  inflict 
the  injury.  Although  it  is  possible  that  the  same  instrument  that  was  used  in  inflicting 
wounds  nos.  1 , 9 and  4 may  have  been  employed  in  the  case  of  n°  3 the  fact  that 
the  clean  cut  skin  incision  of  the  former  three  is  lacking  in  the  case  of  the  latter 


6 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


makes  it  most  likely  that  another  and  much  blunter  instrument  — probably  a 
stick,  possibly  the  handle  of  the  spear,  that  inflicted  the  fifth  wound  — was  used  in 
the  case  of  the  third  wound.  Wounds  A and  5 can  only  have  been  inflicted  from  the 
left  side  of  the  man  attacked  and  from  their  situation  and  appearance  it  is  probable 
that  the  other  three  wounds  were  also  inflicted  from  the  same  side. 

It  is  clear  that  Saqnounri  met  his  death  in  an  attack  by  at  least  two  and  probably  more 
persons  armed  with  at  least  two  (probably  three  or  more)  implements,  one  of 
which  was  probably  an  axe  and  another  a spear.  The  absence  of  any  injuries  to 
the  arms  or  to  any  other  part  of  the  body  shows  that  no  resistance  could  have  been 
offered  to  the  attack.  It  is  quite  possible  that  the  wounds  may  have  been  inflicted 
while  Saqnounri  was  lying  down  on  his  right  side. 

It  seems  unlikely  that  a man  i m.  70  a mill,  in  height  could  have  received  from  the 
front  or  left  side  two  horizontal  wounds  on  the  top  of  his  head,  if  he  were  standing 
up,  without  making  any  attempt  to  fend  the  blows. 

Although  there  is  no  clear  and  conclusive  evidence  in  favour  of  any  one  reconstruction 
of  the  fatal  attack,  I think  the  balance  of  evidence  is  in  favour  of  the  view  that  he 
was  attacked  while  lying  down  (possibly  asleep)  either  on  the  ground  or  on  a low 
bed.  This  view  would  offer  the  most  reasonable  explanation  of  the  fact  that  four 
of  the  five  wounds  are  exactly  horizontal. 

-For  even  if  Saqnounri  had  been,  attacked  by  men  of  his  own  stature  or  even  by 
horsemen  it  is  highly  improbable  that  the  wounds  inflicted  would  be  horizontal. 
They  are  much  more  likely  to  have  been  vertical  or  oblique.  Whereas  in  the  case 
of  the  victim  being  prone  on  the  ground  the  blows  would  fall  vertically  and  might 
thus  be  horizontal  in  the  anatomical  sense. 

It  seems  not  improbable  that  Saqnounri  was  lying  on  his  right  side , probably  asleep , 
when  his  assailants  coming  up  behind  him  attacked  him  from  above  i.  e.  from  his 
left  side.  Nevertheless  there  is  always  the  possibility  that  he  may  have  been  felled 
by  one  blow  — perhaps  an  arrow  or  spear-thrust  through  the  occipito- atlantal 
joint  — and  then  received  the  other  four  blows  when  lying  prone  upon  the  ground 
in  an  unconscious  state. 

61052.  Mummy  of  an  unknown  woman,  perhaps  the  princess  Meritamon 

(pi.  IV). 

On  page  53  g of  Les  Momies  royales  M.  Maspero  states  that  from  certain  analogies 
which  the  coffin  containing  this  mummy  presents  to  that  of  the  lady  Rai'  he  is  led 
to  believe  that  Sonou,  whose  name  is  inscribed  on  the  coffin,  was  the  husband  or 
son  of  Rai ; and  that  the  queen , at  whose  court  he  was  majordomo , could  he  none 
other  than  Nofritari.  From  the  hieratic  writings  upon  the  shroud  enveloping  the 
mummy  it  appears  that  the  latter  is  the  body  of  the  « royal  daughter,  royal  sister 
Meritamon  ». 

M.  Maspero  unrolled  the  wrappings  on  June  30th,  1886  and  the  condition  of  affairs 
thus  revealed  aroused  in  his  mind  grave  doubts  as  to  the  identity  of  the  woman’s 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


7 


body  which  was  then  brought  to  light  (vide  op.  cit.,  p.  5 3 9 and  54o).  He  is  inclined 
to  believe  that  the  mummy  of  Princess  Meritamon  may  have  been  destroyed  and 
replaced  by  a body  embalmed  at  some  earlier  period  — perhaps  even  at  the  time 
of  the  Middle  Empire. 

sQuand  on  eut  ouvert  le  linceul,  on  se  trouva  en  presence  d’une  momie  a moitiA 
dApouillAe  de  ses  bandelettes,  et  d’un  aspect  particular.  Elle  a la  t&te  penchAe  sur 
1’Apaule  droite,  la  m&choire  pendante,  la  bouche  bAante  et  tirAe  vers  la  droite.  La 
poitrine  est  soulevAe  violemment , les  Apaules  sont  contractAes , les  bras  se  jettent 
en  avant  d’un  geste  raide,  les  mains  se  tordent,  la  jambe  droite  s’enlace  autour  de 
la  gancbe,  les  pieds  sont  crispes  : le  corps  entier  est  comme  agitA  des  derniers 
mouvements  de  I’agonie.  Est-ce  la  un  fait  accidentel,  ou  bien  devons-nous  croire, 
qu’au  moment  ou  le  personnage  a AtA  prepare  pour  la  tombe,  1’usage  n’avait  pas 
encore  prAvalu  de  disposer  toujours  les  cadavres  dans  une  attitude  de  repos  [vide 
supra  — my  remarks  on  the  mummy  of  Saqnounri]  : on  momifiait  les  gens  comme 
la  mort  les  prenait.  Les  tombes  du  Moyen  Empire  que  j’ai  ouvertes  a GAbAlAi'n,  en 
1886,  nous  donnent  a cet  Agard  des  renseignements  prAcieux.  Les  quatre  cercueils 
intacts  qu’elles  nous  ont  rendus  contenaient  des  momies  fort  semblables  a la  momie 
qui  nous  occupe.  Elies  Ataient,  elles  anssi,  dans  1’attitude  ou  I’agonie  les  avait 
laissAes,  la  tAte  inclinAe,  la  bouche  hAante,  les  mains  contractAes,  les  jambes  rame- 
nAes  1’une  sur  1’autre  ( Rapport  sur  les  fouilles  et  travaux  exicuUs  en  Egypte  pendant 
Vhiver  de  i885- 1886 — Bulletin  de  Vlnstitut  igyptien,  1886,  p.  210).  Ajouter  a 
cela  d’autres  indices , la  lAgAretA  du  corps , la  facility  avec  laquelle  la  peau  se  brise 
ou  se  dAtache  en  Readies,  le  dAcharnement  du  cr&ne;  la  momie,  qui  ressemble 
tant  aux  momies  de  GAbAlAin , n’a  presque  point  de  ressemblance  avec  celles  d’Ahmos 
I",  de  la  reine  Anbapou,  de  Saqnounri.  Ge  serait  plutot  une  momie  de  la  XII°  ou 
de  la  XIII"  dynastie,  que  les  gardiens  auraient  enlevAe  de  son  tombeau  pour 
remplacer  la  momie  perdue  de  la  reine  Miritamon  r>  (Ijes  Momies  royales,  p.  54o  . 

Tbe  body,  the  appearance  of  which  has  been  so  graphically  described  by  M.  Maspero 
in  the  passage  just  quoted,  is  that  of  a small,  old  woman,  roughly  embalmed, 
shrunken,  distorted  and  desiccated.  The  legs  are  partly  flexed  and  the  left  foot  is 
crossed  over  the  right  so  that  a direct  measurement  of  height  in  not  possible ; hut 
I have  estimated  the  stature  as  1 m.  A 70  mill. 

The  embalming -wound  had  been  made  in  the  usual  position  in  the  left  flank  and  the 
body -cavity  was  packed  with  pads  of  linen  soaked  in  a solution  of  resin  in  the 
manner  customary  in  the  times  of  the  XVIIIth  dynasty.  The  pelvis  is  packed  with  a 
hard  mass  of  resin  and  aromatic  sawdust  and  a small  quantity  of  similar  material 
is  smeared  over  the  perineum,  but  not  in  sufficient  quantity  to  hide  the  rima 
pudendi,  as  was  the  custom  in  the  middle  and  later  periods  of  the  XVIIIth  dynasty. 
The  body  was  enveloped  in  large  quantities  of  linen  soaked  in  a solution  of  resin, 
which  is  peculiarly  distinctive  of  the  XVIIIth  dynasty. 

It  is  very  difficult  to  determine  the  period  at  which  this  body  was  mummified  and  the 
reason  why  it  was  not  placed  in  the  customary  mummy-position.  For  in  the 
mummies  of  the  Ancient  and  Middle  Empires,  found  by  Flinders  Petrie,  Quibell, 


8 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUShE  DU  CAIRE. 


Lythgoe  and  Mace  and  other  archaeologists,  the  body  was  put  into  a position  of 
repose,  so  that  the  condition  in  which  this  body  was  left  cannot  be  used  as  evidence 
for  the  determination  of  its  age.  In  the  case  of  Saqnounri  we  came  to  the  conclusion 
that  the  neglect  of  the  customary  toilet  was  evidence  of  haste  : perhaps  also  in 
this  case  there  was  some  similar  reason , of  which  however  we  have  no  knowledge. 
The  condition  of  the  skin,  as  described  by  M.  Maspero,  is  due  to  desiccation 
rather  than  to  the  action  of  any  preservative,  although  we  have  seen  on  the  peri- 
neum some  of  the  aromatic  paste  such  as  was  used  in  preparing  the  mummies  of 
Saqnounri  and  Anhapou  (vide  infra').  On  the  whole  I am  inclined  to  refer  this 
mummy  to  the  same  period  as  the  two  mummies  just  mentioned.  The  skull  and 
face  conform  to  the  Egyptian  type.  The  ears  are  pierced.  The  skull  exhibits  large 
symmetrical  thinning  of  both  parietal  bones,  such  as  is  common  in  the  remains  of 
the  Egyptian  aristocracy  from  the  time  of  the  Ancient  Empire  onward.  The  cranium 
is  a short,  relatively  broad  ovoid  : the  face  is  a small  oval  with  pointed  chin.  All 
the  teeth  on  the  left  side  of  the  upper  jaw  are  carious  excepting  only  the  canine 
and  the  third  molar;  and  the  first  and  second  left  lower  molars  are  reduced  to  mere 
carious  stumps. 

The  skull  is  o m.  179  mill,  long,  o m.  i36  mill,  broad,  the  minimum  frontal 
breadth  is  o m.  09 A mill.,  the  upper  facial  height  is  o m.  073  mill,  and  the 
bizygomatic  breadth  is  0 m.  198  mill.  The  bigonial  breadth  is  0 m.  08 5 mill. 

The  dimensions  of  the  nose  cannot  be  measured  directly , because  the  soft  parts  are 
pressed  down,  overlapping  the  bony  nares;  but  the  length  and  breadth  are  approxi- 
mately o m.  o55  mill,  and  0 m.  09 5 mill,  respectively. 

The  left  orbit  is  o m.  o43  mill,  broad  and  0 m.  o36  mill.  high. 

There  is  a scalp  wound,  apparently  ante-mortem,  on  the  occiput,  such  as  might  have 
been  caused  by  a fall  backward. 

The  body  has  been  badly  damaged  by  grave-plunderers,  the  body-wall  broken  in,  the 
right  arm  pulled  off  and  the  left  fore  arm  separated. 

64053.  The  Mummy  of  Anhapou  (pi.  IV,  fig.  2,  and  V). 

This  mummy  was  found  in  the  coffin  of  the  lady  R&I,  nurse  of  Queen  Nofritari. 
But  the  body  of  Mi',  which  was  put  into  a coffin  bearing  the  name  of  a man, 
Pa-her-pet,  had  been  replaced  in  ancient  times  by  that  of  another  woman,  whose 
name  was  written  on  the  shroud  across  the  breast  in  difficult  cursive  hieratic, 
which  M.  Maspero  has  transliterated  «Anh&pou»  (Lee  Mamies  royales,  p.  53 1).  In 
the  same  memoir  (p.  694)  M.  Maspero  adds  : «Je  nh^site  pas  4 identifier  notre 
reine  Anh&pou  de  D4ir  el-Bahari  avec  la  reine  Anhapi,  m&re  de  Honttomihi  et 
femme  ou  concubine  d’Ahmos  I" a. 

From  the  study  of  the  mummy  itself  I have  obtained  evidence , which  makes  it  appear 
highly  improbable  that  the  embalming  could  have  been  done  at  a time  later  than 
the  reign  of  Ahm6sis  : in  fact  it  is  most  likely  that  the  body  of  Anh&pou  was 
prepared  for  burial  some  time  before  that  of  the  king. 


\_ 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


9 


The  mummy,  which  had  a garland  of  flowers  upon  the  neck,  was  unwrapped  in  the 
Boulac  Museum  on  June  20th,  1886 , by  M.  Maspero,  who  described  the  appearance 
of  the  body,  when  first  exposed,  in  these  words  : «EUe  4tait  entour4e  de  linges 
poudreux,  gras  au  toucher,  semblables  a ceux  qui  entouraient  les  restes  de  Tiou&qen 
[Saqnounri].  Des  paquets  de  cheveux  tress4s  4taient  intercal4s  sous  les  premieres 
bandelettes.  Le  corps,  mis  a nu,  fut  trouv4  en  bon  4tat»  (op.  cit.,  p.  53 1). 

The  body  is  that  of  a big,  strongly-built  woman  (see  Plate  IV,  Fig.  2),  1 m. 
685  mill,  in  height. 

Certain  features  revealed  by  an  examination  of  its  state  of  preservation  raise  for 
discussion  some  points  of  crucial  importance  in  the  evolution  of  the  methods  of 
embalming.  The  mummies  of  Saqnounri  (n°  6io5i)  and  the  woman  (n°  6io52) 
in  Sonou’s  coffin  had  been  treated  in  the  same  manner  as  the  one  now  under 
consideration  : but  unlike  the  two  former  the  body  of  AnMpou  was  put  into  the 
conventional  mummy -position  at  the  time  it  was  embalmed.  The  appearance  of 
the  two  mummies  already  described  was  such  as  to  suggest  a very  rough  and  crude 
process  of  embalming,  done  in  a hurry  by  some  one  other  than  professional 
embalmers,  and  at  some  place  (in  the  case  of  Saqnounri  M.  Maspero  suggests  the 
field  of  battle)  where  the  ordinary  facilities  for  the  practice  of  mummification  were 
lacking.  But  there  is  nothing  in  AnMpou’s  mummy  to  suggest  haste  or  carelessness 
on  the  part  of  the  embalmers.  Her  body  had  been  put  into  the  conventional 
position  and  had  been  treated  with  due  care.  Yet  the  mummy  is  in  no  better  state 
of  preservation  than  the  bodies  of  Saqnounri  and  the  unknown  woman  «A».  It 
seems  possible,  therefore,  that  the  mummy  of  AnMpou  represents  the  stage  to 
which  the  art  of  embalming  had  attained  before  the  innovations  seen  in  the 
mummies  of  Ahmosis,  Nofritari  and  Rai,  were  introduced.  This  is  the  chief  interest 
in  the  mummy  under  consideration. 

The  body  is  fully  extended,  with  the  arms  placed  vertically  at  its  sides  and  the  hands 
fully  extended  at  the  lateral  aspects  of  the  thighs.  The  skin  is  of  a dark  brown  " 
colour,  soft,  moist  and  tough,  like  oiled  leather.  The  appearance  of  the  mummy 
recalls  that  of  the  crudely-preserved  bodies  of  the  Coptic  period,  especially  such  as 
have  been  exposed  for  some  days  to  the  air.  The  early  Christian  mummies  were 
made  simply  by  packing  the  body  in  large  quantities  of  common  salt;  and  on 
exposure  to  the  atmosphere  the  deliquescence  of  the  salt  renders  the  skin  soft  and 
flexible.  The  mummy  of  AnMpou  is  in  precisely  the  same  condition. 

In  the  case  of  Saqnounri  I submitted  a piece  of  skin  to  Professor  W.  A.  Schmidt,  of 
the  Cairo  School  of  Medicine , for  chemical  examination  : but  he  was  unable  to  find 
any  excessive  quantity  of  salt  in  it,  in  fact  no  greater  quantity  of  sodium  chloride 
than  the  normal  tissues  of  the  human  body  contain. 

Unlike  all  other  mummies  examined  by  me  (excepting  only  those  of  the  Coptic  period) 
the  epidermis  was  not  removed  during  the  process  of  embalming.  It  is  still  present," 
peeled  off,  it  is  true;  but  adhering  to  the  bandages  wherever  they  came  into 
contact  with  the  body.  This  proves  that  the  body  of  AnMpou  had  not  been  put  into 
a saline  preservative  bath,  such  as  Herodotus,  Diodorus,  and  other  early  writers 


Catal.du  Mtise'e , n*  6io5i. 


9 


10 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


s , 


describe,  and  of  the  employment  of  which  the  examination  of  the  other  mummies 
of  the  New  Empire  affords  such  a clear  demonstration.  It  was  embalmed  by  means 
of  some  procedure  differing  from  that  used  in  the  case  of  Ahmosis  and  his  imme- 
diate successors. 

The  fact  that  the  body -cavity  was  opened  in  the  usual  way  by  an  incision  in  the  left 
flank  is  sufficient  to  distinguish  it  from  a Coptic  mummy,  in  which  no  such  incision 
was  made,  even  if  the  circumstances  under,  which  it  was  found,  the  nature  of  the 
coffin,  the  wrappings  and  the  writing  on  them,  and  the  mode  of  treatment  of  the 
hair,  had  not  made  it  abundantly  clear  that  we  were  dealing  with  a body  mummi- 
fied fully  two  thousand  years  before  the  early  Christian  practice  (circa  5th  to  7th 
centuries  A.  D.)  of  dry-salt  preservation  was  introduced.  There  can  be  no  question 
that  the  mummy  of  AnhApou  belongs  to  the  same  epoch  as  those  of  Saqnounri  and 
the  woman  « An  and  is  almost  certainly  anterior  to  that  of  AhmAsis. 

From  a detailed  examination  of  AnhApou s mummy  and  a comparison  with  the  large 
series  of  other  mummified  bodies  of  known  age  I think  that  we  can  with  some 
confidence  reconstruct  the  process  that  in  all  probability  was  employed  in  embal- 
ming her  body. 

The  usual  incision  was  made  in  the  left  flank  and  part  of  the  contents  of  the  body- 
cavity  removed.  Salt  was  then  applied,  in  all  probability,  to  the  surface  of  the  skin 
of  the  whole  body ; and  after  a time  the  excess  of  salt  was  removed  and  aromatic 
powdered  wood  was  sprinkled  over  the  whole  body,  which  was  then  wrapped  in 
large  quantities  of  linen  saturated  with  a solution  of  resin. 

The  condition  of  the  perineum  is  quite  unlike  that  of  any  other  mummy  of  the  New 
Empire  known  to  me  and  recalls  in  every  particular  that  of  the  crudely  embalmed 
bodies  of  the  early  Coptic  period  (see  First  Report  on  the  Human  Remains  found  dur- 
ing the  Archaeological  Survey  of  Nubia,  volume  II,  1 9 1 0,  p.  a 1 9).  It  is  well  described 
in  M.  Maspero’s  monograph  [op.  cit.,  p.  533)  in  these  words : «Les  organes  gAni- 
tauxsont  ouverts  et  n’Ataient  remplis  ni  de  chiffons,  ni,  comme  c’est  le  cas  ailleurs, 
dune  pAte  noirAtre  mAlAe  de  natron  et  de  rAsine.  On  distingue  parfaitement  les 
\ petites  levres , le  capuchon  et  1’emplacement  du  clitoris.  La  vulve  est  largement 
fendue  (0  m.  07  cent,  de  la  fourchette  au  capuchon).  La  paroi  vaginale  est  en 
bon  Atat,  et  les  plis  transversaux  n’ont  pas  disparu  : une  dAchirure  (post  mortem?), 
situAe  un  peu  a droite  a 0 m.  o3  cent,  en  arriere  de  la  fourchette,  Atablit  une 
communication  entre  le  vagin  et  le  rectum  : au  dela  et  a 0 m.  08  cent,  de  profon- 
deur,  le  toucher  rAvAle  I’existence  d’un  corps  de  la  grosseur  du  doigt  qui  semble 
Atre  1’utArusfl. 

The  pelvic  viscera  are  still  in  situ,  a very  exceptional  state  of  affairs  in  a New  Empire 
mummy.  By  the  deliquescence  of  the  salt  the  skin  has  become  softened  and  flexible 
and,  as  AnhApou  was  a very  stout  young  woman  at  the  time  of  her  death,  the  usual 
shrinkage  of  the  subcutaneous  tissue  has  thrown  the  skin  into  numerous  folds.  This  is 
especially  the  case  in  the  face,  which  has  become  greatly  distorted,  partly  for  the  rea- 
sons just  mentioned , but  also  because  some  hard  object  of  complicated  pattern  (pro- 
bably a pectoral  ornament)  has  been  pressed  against  the  swollen  skin  of  the  face. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


11 


The  scalp  has  become  separated  from  the  cranium  on  all  sides  and  especially  over 
the  left  temple  has  been  raised  up  into  a large  bladder,  from  the  sur- 
face of  which  the  hair  has  been  separated. 

Under  these  circumstances  it  is  useless  to  attempt  to  make  any  measu- 
rements of  the  head  or  to  form  an  estimate  of  its  racial  traits. 

The  hair  was  dressed  in  a peculiar  manner  (Plate  V and  Figure  1 ),  which 
in  itself  i$  sufficient  to  indicate  the  beginning  of  the  New  Empire  as 
the  date  of  the  mummy.  The  hair  from  an  area  of  roughly  k square 
centimetres  was  separated  and  plaited  for  a distance  of  about  o m. 
o3  cent.,  then  divided  into  three  (or  more)  wisps  each  of  which 
was  tightly  plaited  in  the  form  of  an  ear  of  wheat.  The  common  plait 
and  the  stalks  of  the  Rears  of  wheats  were  then  thickly  smeared  with 
a paste,  apparently  of  a resinous  material.  This  process  was  repeated 
until  all  the  hair  was  plaited  and  the  scalp  was  furnished  with  a mass  of  heavy 
wheat -ear -like  plaits  (Plate  V). 

61054.  The  Mummy  of  the  Lady  Rai  (pi.  VI  and  VIII). 

On  page  58a  of  Les  Mamies  royales  reference  is  made  to  « quelques  cercueils  de 
moindre  importances,  the  first  of  which  bears  the  name  Pa-her-pet. 

On  June  96th,  1909,  I unrolled  the  bandages  from  the  mummy  contained  in  this 
coffin.  A large  quantity  of  linen  of  moderately  fine  texture  surrounded  the  mummy. 
The  bandages  had  been  soaked  in  a solution  of  resin  in  the  manner  distinctive  of 
the  early  part  of  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty.  This  fact  caused  me  some  surprise  in  view 
of  the  fact  that  Pa- her -pet’s  coffin  was  made  in  the  XXth  Dynasty  : but  the  finding 
of  inscriptions  upon  the  wrappings  removed  all  doubt  that  it  was  an  early  XVIIIth 
Dynasty  mummy  with  which  we  were  dealing.  For  the  name  that  I found  written  in 
ink  upon  the  bandages  was  deciphered  by  M.  Daressv  as  Rat,  obviously  the  lady 
whose  coffin  had  been  used  for  the  mummy  of  AnMpou  [vide  supra).  The  epoch  in 
which  she  lived  is  known  precisely,  for  she  is  described  [Les  Mamies  royales, 
p.  53o)  as  having  been  the  « nurse  of  Queen  Nofritari»,  the  consort  of  Ahmosis  I, 
the  first  king  of  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty. 

In  the  process  of  unrolling  the  wrappings  many  broad  bandages  were  first  removed  : 
some  of  these  had  been  wound  in  a circular  manner,  others  spirally,  around  the 
body.  Then  a series  of  shrouds  was  exposed;  and  when  these  were  removed  the 
trunk  was  exposed,  but  the  limbs  were  still  invested  in  great  quantities  of  narrow 
spirally -wound  bandages.  All  the  linen  used  in  wrapping  the  body  was  of  the  same 
texture,  for  the  practice  of  employing  materials  of  very  varied  degrees  of  fineness, 
which  obtained  during  the  XIXth  to  the  XXII^  Dynasties,  had  not  yet  come  into  vogue. 

The  mummy  of  Ral  is  the  most  perfect  example  of  embalming  that  has  come  down  to 
us  from  the  time  of  the  early  XVIIIth  Dynasty,  or  perhaps  even  of  any  period. 

The  Lady  Rai  was  1 m.  5io  mill,  in  height,  and,  as  her  teeth  are  only  slightly  worn, 
she  was  probably  still  youthful  at  the  time  of  her  death.  But  the  mummy  is  so 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSEE  DU  CAIRE. 


perfect  and  undamaged  that  no  attempt  was  made  to  examine  the  bones  for  more 
definite  evidence  upon  the  question  of  age. 

She  was  a slim,  gracefully-built  woman  with  small  or  only  moderately  full  breasts, 
which  are  now  flattened  against  the  chest  by  the  pressure  of  the  bandages. 

She  had  a small  oval  face,  graceful  and  well-proportioned;  and  so  well  preserved 
that  she  is  the  least  unlovely  of  all  the  mummies  of  women  that  have  been  spared. 
The  chin  is  small  and  pointed;  the  upper  teeth  somewhat  prominent;  the  nose 
small,  narrow  and  well-shaped.  She  has  abundant  masses  of  hair,  apparently  her 
own,  elaborately  arranged  in  a multitude  of  small  plaits,  which  were  then  clumped 
together  to  form  two  large  club-shaped  masses,  each  o m.  98  cent,  long  and  0 m. 
o55  mill,  in  diameter,  hanging  down  in  front  of  the  shoulders  on  to  the  chest 
(see  Plates  VI  and  VIII).  The  upper  plaits  are  twice  the  thickness  of  those  in  the 
lower  part  of  the  mass , being  respectively  one  centimetre  and  five  millimetres  in 
diameter.  Each  mass  of  hair  was  carefully  wrapped  in  a spirally  arranged 
bandage,  which  I left  in  situ  upon  the  left  side  (Plate  VI,  Fig.  2),  but  removed 
upon  the  right. 

No  attempt  was  made  to  unravel  the  tangle  of  intertwined  plaits  and  determine  their 
arrangement ; for  to  have  done  so  would  have  damaged  this  unique  mummy , which 
alone  displays  a characteristic  mode  of  hair -dressing,  well-known  in  the  statuary 
of  the  New  Empire. 

The  body  and  the  face  were  covered  with  a thin  layer  of  a mixture  of  sand  and 
powdered  resin,  some  of  which  can  be  seen  in  Plate  VI,  Fig.  2. 

The  skin  is  now  reddish-brown  in  colour,  but  where  the  salt  in  the  skin  is  deliquescing 
it  is  becoming  blackened. 

The  hands  are  very  small,  delicately  formed  and  almost  childish  in  appearance.  The 
fingers  are  fully  extended  and  rest  upon  the  thighs,  the  left  hand  being  a little 
further  forward  than  the  right. 

The  embalming- wound  upon  the  left  side  of  the  abdomen  is  fusiform  in  shape  and 
vertical  in  direction.  It  is  0 m.  ia4  mill,  long  and  0 m.  o35  mill,  wide;  its  inner 
margin  is  o m.  070  mill,  from  the  middle  line  : its  upper  end  is  near  the  costal 
margin  and  its  lower  close  to  the  anterior  superior  spine  of  the  ilium.  The  wound 
was  stuffed  with  a plug  of  fine  linen , freely  sprinkled  with  a mixture  of  sand  and 
powdered  resin;  and  there  is  the  impression  of  a fusiform  plate,  which  was  placed 
over  the  embalming- wound.  This  form  of  plate  is  distinctive  of  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty. 

There  is  no  resinous  layer  covering  the  perineum.  The  labia  majora  are  in  close 
apposition.  The  pubic  hair  has  not  been  removed. 

Without  disturbing  the  large  mass  of  hair  it  is  impossible  to  obtain  accurate  measure- 
ment of  the  skull.  The  cranial  length  (together  with  the  hair)  is  0 m.  190  mill.; 
and  o m.  1&0  mill,  is  a rough  estimate  of  the  cranial  breadth. 

The  height  from  chin  to  vertex  of  skull  is  0 m.  186  mill.  : total  facial  height  (chin  to 
fronto- nasal  suture)  is  0 m.  112  mill.  : upper  facial  height  (alveolar  edge  to 
fronto-nasal  sature)  is  0 m.  06 1 mill.  : bizygomatic  breadth,  0 m.  127  mill.; 
minimum  frontal  breadth,  0 m.  100  mill.  : external  orbital  breadth  0 m.  io3  mill.; 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


13 


and  the  nose  is  o m.  o5o  mill,  long -and  o m.  o3o  mill/ at  the  alse,  which, 
however,  were  somewhat  dilated  during  the  process  of  embalming. 

On  the  right  wrist  there  is  a barrel -shaped,  carnelian  bead,  o m.  oai  mill,  by  o m. 
006  mill. 

61055.  The  Mummy  supposed  to  be  that  of  Nofritari  (pi.  VII). 

In  the  gigantic  coffin  bearing  Queen  Nofritari’s  name  there  were  «une  momie  d’assez 
mauvaise  apparence,  et  un  cercueil  plus  petit,  caU  par  des  tampons  de  toile,  oil 
gisait  une  momie  tres  soignee.  On  trouva  parmi  les  chiffons  un  lambeau  d’&offe 
qui  sera  d^crit  plus  tard,  et  sur  lequel  etait  dessin^  un  portrait  de  Ramses  III.  Nous 
crfimes  tous  que  la  momie  sans  caisse  avait  <$te  introduite  dans  le  cercueil  quand 
on  transporta  les  corps  A la  cachette,  et  que  1’autre  momie  repr&entait  la  reine 
Nofritari.  La  premiere  momie  fut  done  re!4gu4e  dans  les  magasins,  ou  elle  achera 
de  se  corrompre  et  rdpandit  bientot  une  telle  odeur  qu’il  devint  ndeessaire  de  s’en 
dtffiarrasser.  M.  $mile  Brugsch-Bey  Touvrit,  au  mois  de  septembre  1 88 5 , pendant 
mon  absence.  On  reconnut  qu’elle  et/t  emmaillot^e  avec  soin,  mais  le  cadavre  fut 
5 peine  expose  a 1’air  qu’il  tomba  litt^ralement  en  putrefaction  et  se  mit  a suinter 
un  pus  noir&tre  d’une  puanteur  insupportable.  C’etait  probablement  la  momie  de 
Nofritari))  (Mas peso,  Les  Monties  royales,  p.  535,  and  536  The  body  was 
«enterr£  provisoirement,  car  il  menacait  de  tomber  en  putrefaction))  (p.  5 5). 
The  body  is  1 m.  610  mill,  in  height  and  is  fully  extended,  with  the  limbs  in 
almost  the  same  position  as  Rat’s.  The  left  forearm,  however,  is  a little  further 
forward,  so  that  the  left  hand  (now  broken  off  and  lost,  no  doubt  by  the  grave- 
plunderers  of  the  XXth  Dynasty)  may  have  partly  covered  the  pudenda.  The  right 
hand  and  part  of  the  forearm  have  been  broken  off  and  lost : they  were  placed  like 
the  corresponding  structures  in  Rat’s  mummy. 

The  fragments  of  linen  that  still  adhere  to  the  mummy  are  of  the  dark  yellowish  and 
reddish  brown  colours  (as  the  result  of  being  impregnated  with  a resinous  solution) 
usually  found  in  bandages  swathing  XVIIIth  Dynasty  mummies.  The  skin  is  blackened 
like  most  of  the  mummies  of  this  period.  As  in  most  of  the  mummies  of  the  first 
half  of  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty  the  perineum  is  coated  with  a thick  plate  of  solidified 
resinous  paste. 

At  the  time  of  her  death  Nofritari  had  very  little  hair  on  her  head  and  the  vertex  was 
quite  bald.  Elaborate  pains  had  been  taken  to  hide  this  deficiency.  Twenty  strings, 
composed  of  twisted  human  hair,  were  placed  across 'the  top  of  her  head;  and  to 
these  were  attached  numerous  tight  plaits,  each  about  o m.  3o  cent,  long,  0 m. 
009  mill,  wide  and  0 m.  00 5 mill,  thick,  which  hung  down  as  far  as  the  clavicle. 
Other  plaits  were  tied  to  her  own  scanty  locks.  The  appearance  of  these  plaits  is 
not  unlike  that  of  the  modern  Nubian  women’s  hair. 

In  appearance  Nofritari  was  not  unlike  the  younger  woman  Rat,  who  is  supposed  to 
have  been  her  nurse ; and  she  also  resemhles  the  elder  of  the  two  women  found  in 
the  tomb  of  Amenothes  II  at  BiMn  el-Molouk. 


14 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


61056. 


The  mouth  is  slightly  open  : the  teeth  are  healthy , but  well  worn ; and  the  upper  teeth 
are  even  more  prominent  than  Rat’s. 

The  body  is  very  emaciated  and  it  is  impossible  to  recognise  any  trace  of  the  breasts , 
probably  by  reason  of  senile  atrophy. 

The  embalming- wound  (o  m.  120  mill,  by  0 m.  060  mill.)  is  precisely  like  Rai’s 
in  position  and  form,  excepting  that  it  gapes  more.  It  is  plugged  with  linen, 
smeared  with  black  resinous  paste,  which  bears  the  impression  of  the  leaf- like 
plate  that  once  covered  it. 

The  cranium  is  of  a broad  sphenoid  form , being  as  much  as  0 m.  1 5 5 mill,  broad  (mea- 
suring-instrument inserted  between  the  plaits  of  hair)  — a figure  strongly  suggestive 
of  alien  extraction,  even  if  some  allowance  be  made  for  the  resin -encrusted  scalp. 

The  length  of  the  cranium  is  estimated  at  o m.  1 84  mill,  (with  scalp). 

The  total  facial  height  is  0 m.  112  mill.;  upper  facial  height,  0 m.  06  9' mill. ; minimal 
frontal  breadth,  0 m.  101  mill. ; external  palpebral  breadth , 0 m.  io3mill.;  bizygo- 
matic breadth,  0 m.  i3i  mill.;  bigonial  breadth,  0 m.  096  mill.;  interorbital 
breadth  om.  025  mill.;  left  orbit,  0 m.  o4i  mill. by  o m.  o34  mill.;  and  right  orbit; 
0 m.  o42  mill,  by  0 m.  o32  mill.;  and  the  chin-vertex  projection  0 m.  178  mill. 
The  nasal  height  is  0 m.  o53  mill,  and  the  (alar)  breadth  0 m.  028  mill. 

It  will  be  gathered  from  M.  Maspero’s  statement,  which  I have  quoted  above,  that 
there  is  an  element  of  doubt  as  to  the  identity  of  this  mummy.  All  the  evidence 
that  I have  set  orth  here  is  strongly  corroborative  of  M.  Maspero’s  inference  that  it 
is  Nofritari.  If  this  is  not  Nofritari's  mummy,  it  certainly  belongs  to  her  time. 

The  Mummy  of  an  unknown  Woman  «B»  (pi.  IX  and  X). 

This  mummy  was  unwrapped  by  M.  Maspero  in  the  year  1886,  who  for  reasons  set 
forth  in  detail  in  (Lea  Momies  royales,  p.  55 1 and  552)  suggested 
that  it  might  be  the  body  of  Ramses  I. 

But  when  I opened  the  coffin  in  June,  1909,  I found  the  mummy  of 
a naked  woman , embalmed  in  the  manner  distinctive  of  the  earlier 
part  of  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty.  The  technique  of  mummification  presents 
a very  close  resemblance  to  that  displayed  in  the  remains  of  Rai. 
The  mummy  is  that  of  an  elderly,  white-haired , partially  bald  woman , 
1 m.  670  mill,  in  height. 

The  skin  is  blackened,  as  in  Nofritari’s  mummy,  and  the  face  is 
coated  with  black,  shining  resin -like  material,  to  which  linen 
bandages  are  adhering.  Fragments  of  a coiffure  such  as  that  worn 
by  Ral  are  present;  but  in  this  case  it  is  of  the  nature  of  a wig 
interplaited  with  the  old  lady’s  own  scanty  hair  (Fig.  2). 

She  has  a comparatively  short,  broad,  ovoid  head,  which  however 
cannot  be  measured  by  reason  6f  the  fragments  of  the  wig  matted 
against  the  scalp.  The  face  is  short  and  ovoid;  and  the  chin  is  pointed  but 
receding. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


15 


It  is  curious  to  recall  that  this  member  of  the  royal  family,  who  was  certainly  contem- 
poraneous with  Rai  and  Nofritari,  should  also  like  them  have  projecting  upper 
teeth.  Is  this  an  indication  of  relationship  between  these  three  ladies  ? 

There  are  small  perforations  in  the  lobules  of  the  ears. 

The  embalming- wound  (o  m.  116  mill,  by  0 m.  o5o  mill.)  resembles  that  of  Rai 
and  Nofritari  (Plate  IX). 

There  is  no  perineal  coating  of  resin,  as  there  was  in  the  case  of  Nofritari.  In  this 
respect,  as  well  as  in  the  symmetrical  apposition  of  the  labia  majora  to  form  a 
linear  rima  pudendi,  this  mummy  resembles  that  of  Rai. 

The  breasts  are  small  and  senile  and  are  placed  very  low  on  the  chest  wall. 

The  body  has  suffered  considerably  at  the  hands  of  ancient  grave -plunderers.  The 
head  is  broken  off  the  trunk  at  the  neck  (Plate  IX).  The  right  hand  is  missing. 

The  cranium  and  face  are  so  encrusted  with  resinous  material,  bandages  and  hair 
that  few  measurements  can  be  made. 

The  total  facial  height  is  o m.  1 q3  mill.;  upper  facial  height,  o m.  066  mill.;  the 
bizygomatic  diameter  is  0 m.  og4  mill.;  and  the  minimal  frontal  breadth  is  0 m. 
096  mill. 

The  bi-humeral  diameter  is  o m.  337  mill.;  the bi-acromial  0 m.  990  mill.;  thebi-iliac 
(crests)  diameter,  0 m.  g4g  mill.;  and  the  bi-trochanteric  diameter  o m.  9 56  mill. 

The  length  of  the  humerus  is  estimated  at  0 m.  995  mill.;  and  from  the  line  0 the 
elbow  flexure  to  the  wrist  0 m.  967  mill. 

61057.  The  Mummy  of  King  Ahmosis  I (pi.  XI  and  XII). 

This  mummy  was  unrolled  on  June  9th,  1886,  by  M.  Maspero  (op.  cit.,  p.  534).  On 
the  neck  there  was  a garland  of  flowers  identified  by  Dr  Schweinfurth  as  Delphinium, 
orientale.  The  hieratic  inscriptions  written  in  ink  on  the  bandages  confirm  the 
indications  afforded  by  the  hieroglyphic  characters  on  the  coffin  that  this  is  the 
mummy  of  Ahm6sis.  The  name  ol  his  son  and  successor,  by  whose  order  the  body 
was  embalmed,  also  occurs  on  a fragment  of  the  original  wrapping  which  was  in 
contact  with  the  skin;  and  the  outer  wrappings  hear  the  name  of  the  Priest-king 
Painotmou  of  the  XXI“  Dynasty,  in  whose  reign  the  body  was  rewrapped.  Of  this 
mummy’s  wrappings  and  coffin  M.  Maspero  says  : «Cercueil  et  maillot,  Ahmos 
nous  offre  done  un  type  prdcieux  de  ce  qu’4tait  Tart  de  Tembaumement  dans  les 
premiers  temps  de  la  XVIII"  dynastie.  Les  4toffes  employees  4taient  g4n4ralement 
grossi&res , jaun&tres,  d4coup4es  en  bandes  assez  larges.  Le  lacis  des  bandelettes 
4tait  interrompu  d’espace  en  espace  par  la  presence  d’une  piece  de  toile,  Atendue 
A plat  dans  le  sens  de  la  longueur.  Le  corps  m£me  4tait  enseveli  dans  un  linceul, 
nou4  au-dessous  des  pieds  et  au-dessus  de  la  t4te.  Le  tout  forme  une  couche  assez 
mince  de  cinq  ou  six  centimetres  d’4paisseur n (p.  534). 

The  body  is  1 m.  635  mill,  in  height  and  the  arms  and  fingers  are  fully  extended  at 
the  sides  of  the  body.  Unlike  the  condition  noticed  in  the  mummies  already  described, 
the  right  hand  is  placed  slightly  further  forward  on  the  thigh  than  the  left  (Plate  XI). 


16 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CA1RE. 


The  mummy  of  Ahmosis  has  suffered  at  the  hands  of  ancient  grave -plunderers,  the 
head  having  been  broken  off  the  trunk  and  the  nose  smashed.  It  would,  no  doubt, 
have  shown  more  evidence  of  this  rough  treatment  if  it  were  not  for  its  strength 
and  stony  hardness,  as  the  result  of  the  application  of  an  abundant  layer  of  black 
resinous  paste  to  the  surface  of  the  whole  body. 

The  head,  both  face  and  scalp,  are  still  thickly  encrusted  with  this  black  material 
(Plate  XII),  which  however  is  not  abundant  enough  to  hide  the  ringlets  of  mode- 
rately long,  dark  brown,  wavy  hair,  with  which  the  head  is  thickly  clad. 

The  paste  or  paint  on  the  face  hides  all  trace  of  facial  hair,  but  under  the  chin,  in  a 
fold  of  skin  which  was  coated  only  with  wax,  traces  of  a beard  were  found,  h 
millimetres  long,  and  of  the  same,  or  perhaps  a slightly  lighter  shade,  than  the 
hair  covering  the  scalp. 

Like  all  the  mummies  of  the  earlier  XVIIIth  Dynasty  King  Ahm6sis  had  a compara- 
tively small  face  and  no  prominent  features  with  the  possible  exception  of  the 
nose.  In  this  respect  these  rulers  present  a marked  contrast  to  many  of  their 
successors  in  the  XIXth  Dynasty  and  later. 

The  nose,  which  is  now  broken,  was  small  and  narrow,  but  not  very  prominent. 
The  small  face  is  ovoid  and  the  chin  narrow.  The  superciliary  ridges  are  fairly 
prominent. 

A feature  already  noticed  in  the  three  women  of  this  Dynasty,  whose  mummies  I have 
described,  occurs  also  in  Ahmosts  and  Thoutmosis  II  that  is*  the  prominence  of 
the  upper  teeth,  which  may  possibly  be  a family  trait. 

With  the  head  encrusted  with  a thick  layer  of  material  of  stony  hardness  it  is  not 
possible  to  obtain  accurate  cranial  measurements.  The  actual  length  of  the  head  in 
its  present  state,  i.  e.  including  hair  and  wrappings,  is  o m.  907  mill.,  and  the 
breadth  0 m.  171  mill.;  but  by  boring  holes  through  the  lateral  aspects  of  the 
carapace  the  actual  breadth  of  0 m.  1 56  mill,  is  obtained.  The  basi-bregmatic 
height  is  0 m.  1A0  mill.  : minimal  frontal  breadth  is  0 m.  100  mill,  (with  hair 
and  resin,  0 m.  1 A3  mill.)  : total  facial  height,  0 m.  1 1 k mill.;  upper  facial 
height  o m.  073  mill.;  nasal  height  and  breadth,  0 m.  o55  mill,  and  0 m. 
o3o  mill.,  respectively;  bizygomatic  breadth,  0 m.  i33  mill.  : bigonial  breadth, 
0 m.  097  mill.;  interorbital  breadth  0 m.  099  mill.;  right  orbit,  o m.  0A6  mill, 
by  0 m.  o38  mill.,  and  left  orbit,  0 m.  oA5  mill,  by  0 m.  o35  mill. 

The  cranial  form  is  what  Sergi  calls  «beloid». 

The  cranial  cavity  is  very  tightly  packed  with  linen,  and  as  this  procedure,  through 
common  after  the  time  of  Ahmosis , is  not  known  to  have  been  practised  before  his 
time,  it  is  a matter  of  crucial  importance  in  the  history  of  the  technique  of  embal- 
ming to  study  the  details  of  the  operation  in  this  mummy.  This  is  all  the  more 
important  because  the  method  of  packing  the  cranium  in  the  mummy  under 
consideration  presents  highly  exceptional  features,  which  seem  to  bear  out  the 
suggestion  that  in  it  we  are  really  studying  the  earliest  evidence  of  the  introduction 
of  a new  practice,  which  was  only  in  the  experimental  stage  at  the  time  of  the 
death  of  Ahm6sis. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


17 


The  necessity  or  the  desirability  of  attempting  such  a curious  procedure  as  the  removal 
of  the  brain  and  the  introduction  of  antiseptic  packing  materials  into  the  brain-case 
may  have  first  presented  itself  to  the  embalmer  when  he  had  to  deal  with  the  corpses 
of  persons,  like  Saqnounri,  whose  heads  had  been  battered  in  the  wars  incidental 
to  the  expulsion  of  the  Hyksos.  Whether  this  be  so  or  not,  there  is  no  evidence  to 
show  that,  before  the  time  of  Ahmosis , any  attempt  had  ever  been  made  to  remove 
the  brain  in  the  process  of  mummification. 

After  the  time  of  Ahmdsis  it  was  the  custom  to  extract  the  brain  by  passing  an  instru- 
ment through  one  of  the  nostrils  and  forcing  a passage  into  the  brain-case  by  that 
route , as  I have  described  in  detail  elsewhere  ( « A Contribution  to  the  Study  of 
' Mummification  in  Egypt ».  — Memoires  prisentds  a I’lmlilut  igyptien,  tome  V,  fas- 
cicule I,  1906,  pp.  i-5A,  19  plates).  In  this  mummy  it  is  very  doubtful  if  such 
a method  was  employed.  There  is  no  distortion  of  the  nose,  such  as  usually  results 
from  this  operation,  nor  is  the  nasal  septum  damaged  in  any  way  or  deflected.  But 
as  the  nasal  fossae  are  tightly  packed  with  linen,  which  it  was  considered  unde- 
sirable to  remove , one  cannot  state  dogmatically  that  the  nasal  route  was  not  used. 
Against  such  a supposition  is  the  fact  that  the  cranial  cavity  is  tightly  packed  with 
linen  right  down  to  the  foramen  magnum;  and  it  seems  incredible  that  this  could 
have  been  accomplished  through  such  a narrow  cleft  as  either  of  the  nasal  fossae  of 
this  mummy,  without  damaging  the  septum. 

Moreover,  there  is  the  curious  and  significant  fact  that  the  atlas  is  missing;  and  the 
upper  surface  of  the  axis  and  the  neighbouring  part  of  of  the  occipital  bone  are 
thickly  coated  with  a mass  of  black,  shining  material  (? resin),  which  must  have 
been  applied  directly  to  the  surfaces  of  the  bones.  This  raises  the  possibility  — and 
from  the  circumstances  of  the  case  it  must  not  be  regarded  as  more  than  a possi- 
bility — that  through  an  incision  upon  the  left  side’  of  the  neck  the  atlas  was 
excised  and  the  brain  removed  through  the  foramen  magnum,  which  would  be 
exposed  by  such  an  operation.  In  favour  of  this  interpretation  there  is  the  fact  that 
the  free  edge  of  the  skin  on  the  left  side  of  the  neck  (in  the  submaxillary  region) 
has  the  appearance  of  having  been  cut;  and  further,  although  the  atlas  is  missing, 
the  axis  and  occipital  bone  are  in  situ  and  undamaged.  On  the  contrary  the  difficult 
operation  of  excising  the  atlas  is  hardly  the  kind  of  procedure  one  would  expect  an 
XVIIIth  Dynasty  embalmer  to  attempt. 

The  set  of  teeth  is  complete  and  in  good  condition.  They  are  only  slightly  worn, 
especially  the  third  molars.  There  is  nothing  definite  to  enable  one  to  estimate  the 
age  Ahmosis  had  attained.  But  the  state  of  his  teeth , hair  and  the  base  of  the  skull 
suggest  that  be  was  a young  man.  From  the  examination  of  his  mummy  I should 
have  estimated  Ahmosis’  age  as  not  more  than  Ao  years,  but  there  is  definite  histo- 
rical evidence  that  he  reigned  at  least  39  years,  and  apparently  had  come  of  age  at 
the  time  of  his  succesion.  Nevertheless  the  fact  that  his  mother  survived  him  for  ten 
years  is  further  corroboration  of  his  youth. 

The  body,  like  the  head , was  smeared  with  a thick  layer  of  black  paste,  which  prevents 
an  examination  of  the  embalming  wound. 


Catal.  du  Mutee , n°  6io5i. 


3 


18 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSEE  DU  CAIRE. 


The  perineum  was  covered  with  a thick  mass  of  resinous  material;  and  the  external 
genitalia  were  also  coated  with  the  same  substance. 

The  thorax  is  only  20  centimetres  wide,  the  narrowness  being  due,  no  doubt,  in  large 
measure  to  compression  by  the  embalmer’s  bandages  post  mortem. 

The  oblique  length  of  the  femur  is  estimated  at  about  0 m.  kko  mill.  : oblique  length 
of  the  tibia,  0 m.  375  mill.  : oblique  length  of  humerus,  0 m.  3o8  mill.;  and  of 
radius,  0 m.  2 64  mill. 

The  biacromial  diameter  measures  0 m.  29  a mill.  : bi  - iliac  (crests)  diameter  0 m. 
2i3  mill.;  bitrochanteric  diameter  0 m.  2 hh  mill.  : and  the  distance  between  the 
anterior  superior  iliac  spines,  o m.  181  mill. 

The  distance  from  the  soles  of  the  feet  to  the  upper  margin  of  the  symphysis  pubis  is 
0 m.  871  mill.;  from  the  latter  to  the  suprasternal  notch,  0 m.  465  mill.;  and  from 
the  pubic  symphysis  to  the  umbilicus  0 m.  i55  mill. 

The  length  of  a foot  is  0 m.  212  mill. 

There  is  a curious  concavity  in  the  vertebral  borders  of  the  scapulae  between  the 
inferior  angle  and  the  spine. 

61058.  The  mummy  of  Amenothes  I (pi.  XIII). 

The  wrappings  of  this  mummy  are  in  such  perfect  condition,  with  complete  garlands 
in  position,  that  M.  Maspero  decided  to  let  it  remain  untouched.  It  has  already 
been  rewrapped  twice  — by  the  Priest-king  Pai'not’mou  and  his  son  Masaharti. 

« La  momie  mesure  1 m.  6 5 cent,  de  longueur.  Elle  est  rev4tue  d’une  toile  orange , 
maintenue  par  des  branches  de  toile  ordinaire.  Elle  porte  un  masque  en  bois  et 
en  carton  peint,  identique  au  masque  du  cercueil.  Elle  est  couverte  de  la  t4te 
aux  pieds  de  guirlandes  de  fleurs  rouges,  jaunes  et  bleues,  parmi  lesquelles  le 
Dr  Schweinfurth  a reconnu  le  Delphinium,  orientate,  la  Sesbania  eegyptiaca,  Y Acacia 
Nihtica,  le  Carmanthus  tinctorius.  Une  gu£pe , attir^e  par  Todeur,  4tait  entree  dans 
le  cercueil  : enferm^e  par  hasard,  elle  s’y  est  conserve  intacte  et  nous  a fourni  un 
exemple  probablement  unique  d’une  momie  de  gu£pe.  11  aurait  &£  desirable  de 
dlshabiller  Amenhotpu  comme  les  autres  re  is  : les  deux  restaurations  dont  il  a 
Tobjet  ont  dd  laisser  des  traces  dans  le  maillot,  probablement  une  ou  plusieurs 
inscriptions  en  hi£ratique,  mentionnant  des  dates  nouvelles.  Toutefois  f aspect  que 
la  momie  pr&ente  actuellement  sous  ses  guirlandes  est  si  joli  que  j’ai  4prouv4  quel- 
que  scrupule  a la  d^rouler,  tandis  qu’elle  est  encore  dans  sa  nouveaut4 i>  (p.  537). 

61059.  The  mummy  of  the  Prince  Siamon. 

Unrolled  by  M.  Maspero,  on  June  29th,  1 886 , who  states  (op.  dt.,  p.  538)  that  it  was 
the  mummy  of  a child  0 m.  90  cent,  in  height,  which  had  been  plundered  in  ancient 
times  and  tbe  body  broken  up  : when  it  was  restored , in  the  reign  of  Painot’mou  of 
the  XXI"  dynasty,  no  trouble  waff  taken  to  replace  the  bones  of  the  skeleton  in  their 
proper  positions  : they  were  simply  thrown  pell-mell  into  an  oblong  bundle. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


19 


61060.  The  mummy  of  the  Princess  Sitamon. 

The  mummy  of  a child,  which  has  not  been  unrolled,  but  through  a thin  layer  of 
bandages  there  can  be  felt  a bundle  of  reeds  surmounted  by  a skull,  the  whole  being 
roughly  i m.  2 0 cent,  in  length.  M.  Maspero  states  that  although  it  would  be  inte- 
resting to  find  out  whether  there  is  any  hieratic  inscription  on  the  inner  wrap- 
pings, as  in  the  case  of  Siamon,  this  false  mummy  is  so  curious  and  its  general 
appearance  so  singular  that  he  did  not  venture  to  disturb  it  (op.  cit.,  p.  538). 

61061.  The  mummy  of  Honttimihou  (pi.  XIV). 

This  mummy  was  accidentally  damaged  during  its  transport  from  Luxsor  to  Cairo, 
where  it  was  unrolled  in  December  1882  (Maspero,  op.  cil.,  p.  544). 

« Les  cheveux  avaient  4t6  coupes  et  les  tresses  cach4es  dans  Tepaisseur  du  maillot.  Sur 
la  poitrine,  un  paquet  assez  gros  renfermait  une  masse  de  natron  blanc,  pulverulent, 
tres  caustique,  qui  enveloppait  le  coeur  de  la  princesse.  La  momie  4tait  noire,  assez 
mal  prdparfe,  mais  en  bon  <$tat  de  conservations  (op.  cit.,  p.  544). 

The  body  had  been  wrapped  in  an  enormous  quantity  of  bandages  saturated  with  a 
solution  of  resin.  These  have  been  chopped  away  in  great  part  by  grave-plunderers. 
No  attempt  has  been  made  to  clear  away  from  the  mummy  the  remains  of  these 
wrappings. 

The  face  is  considerably  damaged,  the  soft  parts  of  the  nose  and  some  areas  of  the 
cheeks  having  disappeared.  Large  linen  plugs  still  remain  in  the  nostrils. 

The  body  is  packed  with  resin-saturated  pads  of  linen. 

As  is  usual  in  the  early  part  of  the  XVIIIth  dynasty  the  hands  are  in  front  of  the 
thighs. 

Honttimihou  was  an  old  woman  1 m.  5qo  mill,  in  height.  She  had  a wide,  flattened, 
beloid  cranium;  and  her  face  was  very  short,  broad  and  oval,  quite  unlike  that  of 
any  of  her  contemporaries  known  to  us.  However,  M.  Maspero  is  of  a different 
opinion,  for  he  says  «la  momie  est  du  m4me  type  que  les  momies  des  princesses 
d<$ja  d(5crites  de  la  XVIII'  dynasties,  and  he  adds  the  statement,  which  may  give 
support  to  his  view,  that  « sur  la  poitrine  est  trac<5 , en  hi^ratique , le  nom  de  la  fille 
royale,  soeur  royale,  Spouse  royale  Honttimihou » (op.  cit.,  p.  543). 

Her  teeth  are  well  worn  : the  right  upper  first  premolar  is  carious,  and  there  is  an 
alveolar  abscess  at  the  root  of  the  first  molar  tooth  near  it. 

The  cranium  is  o m.  181  mill,  long  and  0 m.  1 4 3 broad,  but  the  chin -vertex 
projection  is  only  0 m.  170  mill.  The  total  facial  height  is  0 m.  107  mill.,  the 
upper  facial  height  0 m.  067  mill,  and  the  moderately  prominent  nose  is  0 m. 
o5o  mill,  in  height  and  o m.  o3o  mill,  in  breadth. 

There  is  practically  no  hair  on  the  top  of  the  head  and  only  scanty  locks  at  the  sides 
and  on  the  occiput.  These  are  stained  a brilliant  reddish  (?  henna)  colour,  and  are 
inter  plaited  with  strands  of  hair  of  a black  colour,  forming  large  plaits  0 m.  o 2 cent, 
wide,  all  attached  at  the  back  of  the  head. 


3'. 


20 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSflE  DU  CAIRE. 


61062.  The  mummy  of  Hent-m-pet  (pi.  XV,  XVI  and  XVII). 

I removed  the  wrappings  from  this  mummy  in  June,  1909. 

The  condition  of  the  wrapped  body  when  found  is  shown  in  plate  XV.  A large  hole 
seen  in  the  front  of  the  chest  is  the  work  of  a robber,  either  ancient  or  modern, 
who  was  searching  for  jewellry  on  the  neck  and  chest  of  the  mummy 

After  removing  the  fragmentary  remains  of  the  shroud  and  the  five  encircling  bandages 
(pi.  XV);  the  mummy  was  found  to  be  invested  with  a series  of  loosely -applied, 
circularly-  and  spirally-wound  bandages;  and  under  them  a number  of  longitudinal 
sheets  and  pads. 

When  these  were  removed  the  body  of  an  old  woman,  1 m.  6i3  mill,  in  height,  was 
exposed.  The  legs  were  enswathed  in  bandages;  and  these  were  allowed  to  remain. 
The  whole  of  the  chest  was  hidden  by  a large  and  elaborately- contracted  wig 
(pis.  XVI  and  XVII).  In  addition  to  this  there  were  found  upon  the  left  side  of  the 
head  the  remains  of  another  wig  resembling  the  coiffure  seen  in  Rat’s  mummy 
(pi.  VI).  The  wigs  were  made  of  wavy,  brown  hair;  but  the  old  lady’s  own  hair 
was  freely  streaked  with  grey. 

Considerable  pressure  had  been  applied  to  the  face,  presumably  by  the  embalmers 
when  applying  the  bandages;  and  the  nose  is  completely  flattened,  so  that  the  plugs 
of  linen  inserted  into  the  nostrils  by  the  embalmers  have  been  squeezed  out  on  to 
the  upper  lip.  The  gruesomeness  of  this  disfigurement  has  been  increased  by  the  fact 
that  the  usual  toilet  of  the  face  had  not  been  attended  to  : the  skin  is  paper-like  in 
consistency  and  has  a pale  yellow  colour,  as  though  it  had  been  painted  with  ochre. 

The  face  is  small  and  elliptical  and  conforms  to  the  Egyptian  type.  The  total  facial 
height  is  0 m.  1 iA  mill,  and  the  upper  facial  height,  0 m.  062  mill.  : the  bizygo- 
matic breadth  is  0 m.  1 23  cent.;  and  the  minimal  frontal  breadth  is  0 m.  090  mill. 
The  chin -vertex  projection  is  0 m.  198  mill.  The  teeth  are  well-worn. 

The  remains  of  hair  and  wig  upon  the  head  prevent  any  measurements  of  the  cranium 
being  made  : but  its  breadth  is  estimated  as  about  0 m.»i4o  mill. 

A space  varying  from  2 to  A centimetres  separates  the  inner  wrappings  from  the  body 
and  suggests  a shrinkage  of  the  latter  after  the  application  of  its  bandages. 

On  the  left  flank  there  is  a vertical  embalming-wound  o m.  090  mill,  long  and  0 m. 
020  mill.  wide.  Its  lower  end  is  5 centimetres  above  the  anterior  superior  spine  of 
the  ilium. 

There  is  no  coating  of  resinous  paste  anywhere  on  the  surface  of  the  body,  such  as  we 
have  seen  in  most  of  the  mummies  of  the  time  of  AhmAsis;  and  the  style  of  mummi- 
fication represents  a stage  either  anterior  to  that  of  the  Ahmdsis  or  very  much  later. 
There  is  no  perineal  covering;  but  the  vagina  is  plugged  with  linen. 

Both  forearms  have  been  broken  off  by  grave -plunderers  and  only  fragments  of  the 
right  now  remain  : but  the  detached  left  forearm  has  been  replaced  in  a position 
transversely  across  the  body,  below  the  wig  (pi.  XVI). 

In  the  case  of  the  wig  which  is  still  in  situ  strings  pass  over  the  top  of  the  head  very 
much  in  the  way  we  have  already  noticed  in  the  case  of  Nofritari’s  mummy. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


21 


The  large  wig  placed  upon  the  chest  (pi.  XVI)  is  quite  complete  and  in  an  excellent 
state  of  preservation.  When  flattened  out  (pi.  XVII)  it  measures  o m.  3o  cent,  across 
and  o m.  al  cent,  from  back  to  front.  It  consists  of  wisps  of  dark  brown,  wavy 
hair  about  o m.  a 1 cent,  long,  the  proximal  end  of  each  of  which  is  bound  round 
with  string  (pi.  XVII,  Fig.  a).  These  proximal  ends  are  arranged  around  three  sides 
of  an  oblong,  the  posterior  side  1 3 centimetres  long  and  the  two  lateral  sides,  each 
q centimetres  long;  and  are  fixed  by  plaited  strings,  some  of  which  pass  across 
(fig.  a)  from  one  side  of  the  oblong  to  the  other.  Among  the  wisps  of  hair  a few 
plaits  are  found  (see  lower  left  hand  corner  of  fig.  a ). 

Along  the  fourth  (anterior)  side  of  the  oblong  there  is  a thin  wisp  of  hair,  tied  at  each 
end  to  the  framework  of  the  wig.  To  this  is  attached  a series  of  small  corkscrew 
curls  of  lighter  brown  hair,  which  form  a fringe  to  hang  down  on  the  forehead , 
when  the  wig  is  worn  (fig.  i).  Each  curl  is  about  i 3 centimetres  long. 

In  the  right  postero-lateral  corner  of  the  wig  a similar  fringe  is  tied  (fig.  i)  : but  for 
what  purpose  it  is  difficult  to  surmise. 

61063.  The  mummy  of  Sitkamos  (pi.  XVIII). 

In  a poor  coffin,  made  in  the  style  of  the  XXth  dynasty,  was  placed  this  earlier  mummy 
of  the  ® royal  daughter,  royal  sister,  principal  royal  wife  Sitkamos  » , as  the  hieratic 
inscription  on  the  linen  covering  the  chest  has  been  interpreted  by  M.  Maspero 
[op.  cit.,  p.  54 i).  After  removing  the  garlands  which  were  placed  on  the  breast 
and  removing  the  outer  shroud  M.  Maspero  discovered  (June  19th,  1886)  on  an 
inner  shroud  another  hieratic  inscription  written  in  ink , which  made  it  plain  that 
this  mummy  was  rewrapped  at  the  same  time  as  those  of  Ahmosis  I and  Siamon  in 
the  reign  of  Pamot’mou. 

This  mummy  was  subjected  to  severe  damage  in  ancient  times.  Grave-plunderers  had 
chopped  through  the  bandages  and  hacked  away  almost  the  whole  of  the  anterior 
wall  of  the  body  (see  pi.  XVIII),  broken  off  the  left  arm  at  the  shoulder  and 
smashed  off  the  whole  of  the  occipital  region  of  the  skull. 

In  the  black  resinous  paste,  which  is  thickly  smeared  over  what  remains  of  the  chest- 
wall  (and  in  fact  over  the  whole  body),  there  are  very  sharply  defined  impressions 
of  the  pectoral  ornament,  sun  collier  ouoskhit  a quatre  rangs v , which  excited  the 
cupidity  of  the  robbers,  who  worked  such  terrible  havoc  on  this  mummy. 

Sitkamos  was  a large,  powerfully-built,  almost  masculine  woman  about  1 m.  620  mill, 
in  height.  The  method  employed  in  embalming  is  perhaps  most  like  that  seen  in 
the  mummy  of  Ahm6sis  I;  but  the  position  of  the  hands,  covering  the  pudenda,  is 
quite  exceptional  if  this  is  really  as  early  as  Ahmdsis,  although  I have  called 
attention  to  an  early  approximation  to  this  position  in  the  mummy  of  Nofritari 
[vide  supra) , and  the  same  position  is  seen  in  the  mummy  supposed  to  he  Thout- 
mosis  I [vide  infra).  The  whole  body,  including  the  face,  is  thickly  smeared  with  a 
black  resinous  paste,  in  which  fine  bandages  are  embedded.  [A  similar  state  of 
affairs  is  found  in  the  mummy  of  Seti  I of  the  XIXth  dynasty].  It  is,  perhaps, 


22 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  GAIRE. 


characteristic  of  the  XVIIIth  dynasty  embalming  to  cover  the  perineum  with  a large 
cake  of  black  resinous  paste,  as  is  the  case  in  Sitkamos’  mummy.  This  practice  began 
with  Ahmfisis  I,  but  is  seen  in  its  most  characteristic  form  in  the  mummies  of 
Amenothes  II  and  the  women  left  in  his  tomb  in  the  Bib&n-el-Molouk. 

The  whole  back  of  the  skull  was  smashed  away,  revealing  the  brain  and  its  membra- 
nes, which  are  well-preserved.  The  fact  that  no  attempt  seems  to  have  been  made 
to  clear  out  the  cranial  cavity  is  futher  evidence  of  an  early  date. 

The  nostrils  were  plugged  with  linen.  The  whole  body  cavity  was  tightly  packed  with 
linen,  some  of  it  soaked  in  a solution  of  resin.  Scanty,  black,  wavy  hair  o m.  a 3 cent, 
long,  not  plaited  or  dressed  in  any  way,  hangs  down  from  the  head. 

The  cranium  is  o m.  1 5 □ mill,  broad  : the  face  is  much  bigger  and  more  vigorous 
than  that  of  most  of  the  women  of  this  period , with  the  exception  of  Anh&pou  (vide 
supra ) , to  whom  Sitkamos  presents  certain  points  of  resemblance. 

The  total  facial  height  is  o m.  120  mill.,  the  upper  facial  height  is  o m.  070  mill, 
and  the  chin-vertex  projection  is  o m.  198  mill. 

The  teeth  are  only  moderately  worn,  the  cranial  sutures  are  open,  and  the  hair  is  not 
yet  streaked  with  while.  These  facts  are  no  certain  index  of  age,  but  suggest  that 
Sitkamos  could  not  have  been  much  more  than  thirty  years  old. 

On  the  toes  there  are  still  visible  the  impressions  of  the  string  employed  to  fasten  on 
the  nails  and  epidermis. 

The  back  of  the  left  thigh  and  the  right  gluteal  fold  have  been  gnawed  by  mice. 

61064.  The  mummy  of  the  Royal  Prince  Sipaari  pi.  XIX). 

M.  Maspero  has  described  this  prince  as  r a member  of  one  of  the  royal  families , which 
lived  at  Thebes  ■»  (Lex  Momies  royales,  p.  58a). 

With  the  assistance  of  Professor  A.  R.  Ferguson  I unrolled  the  wrappings  of  this 
mummy  in  the  Cairo  Museum  on  September  9th,  1 go5. 

After  removing  the  lid  of  the  coffin  (fig.  1)  the  mummy  was  found  wrapped  in  a dis- 
coloured shroud,  tied  around  with  three  bandages  (fig.  2),  the  whole  being  1 m. 
09  cent.  long.  The  mummy  itself,  without  wrappings,  is  0 m.  9 3 cent,  in  length. 

The  following  notes  concerning  the  wrappings  were  made  during  the  process  of 
unrolling  them. 

1 . The  upper  of  the  three  bandages  tied  around  the  shroud  is  really  a sheet  of  linen 
18  cent,  wide,  rolled  up  to  form  a bandage.  One  end  is  ragged,  the  other  has  a 
string  fringe,  8 cent.  long.  It  consists  of  linen  of  very  close  and  regular  texture, 
with  28  + qo  threads  to  the  square  centimetre  (warp  and  woof  respectively).  It  was 
tied  a simple  knot  on  the  left  side. 

2.  Second  bandage,  7.5  centimetres  wide,  folded  three  times  : torn  ends  : tied 
behind  knees.  Linen  of  regular  open  mesh  : 204-11  threads  per  centimetre. 

3.  Material  and  arrangement  like  (2);  tied  behind  ankles. 

k.  Shroud  1 m.  4o  cent,  by  1 m.  3o  cent.,  wrapped  around  body  : very  close  mesh 
(254-23),  selvedged  borders. 


THE  ROYAL  MOMMIES. 


23 


5.  A soft  ragged  shawl  of  oblong  form,  now  very  much  torn,  but  originally  1 m. 
5o  cent,  x o m.  56  cent.,  laid  on  front  of  body,  mesh  i i + 20. 

6.  A bandage  a m.  x o m.  20  cent,  (mesh  a a + 17)  wound  spirally  (clockwise) 
around  feet  and  ankles.  Its  end,  rolled  into  a point,  is  fixed  by  being  inserted  in  a 
hole  torn  for  it  in  an  underlying  bandage. 

7.  Bandage  3 m.  x 0 m.  3o  cent,  (very  irregular  mesh,  3o  4- 15)  begins  behind 
hips,  where  the  end  is  tucked  under  a preceding  coil  of  same  bandage,  and  proceeds 
spirally  around  the  body  up  to  the  head. 

8.  Broad  sheet,  t m.  75  cent,  x 0 m.  60  cent,  (mesh  i4  + ai),  folded  and  placed 
in  front  of  the  body  throughout  its  whole  length. 

9.  Similarly  arranged  sheet,  1 m.  x o m.  60  cent.,  with  coarse  matting-like  mesh, 

17  + 7. 

10.  Two  loosely  crumpled  rags  in  front  of  body,  a m.  x 0 m.  60  cent,  (same  mate- 
rial as  (1 4))  and  t m.  i5  cent,  x 0 m.  g5  cent,  (same  material  as  (1 1)). 

11.  A very  broad  bandage,  torn  from  a sheet  with  selvedged  border,  originally 
3 m.  X 0 m.  5 cm. , wound  spirally  clockwise  round  body  beginning  at  head  and 
ending  at  ankles.  Loose  rough  thread,  12  + 26. 

12.  Irregular  fragment,  0 m.  09  cent,  x o m.  o5  cent.  (37  + 12),  folded  into  an 
oblong  and  placed  on  right  side  of  ankles. 

13.  Bandage,  4 m.  06  cent,  xom.17  cent,  (rough  irregular  mesh  of  uneven  thread , 
2 1 + 1 5 ) , passed  spirally  around  body  from  ankles  to  head. 

14.  Large  irregular  sheet,  1 m.  3o  cent,  x 0 m.  g5  cent.,  (very  fine  thread,  29+1 9 , 
no  selvedges),  folded  four  times  and  placed  in  front  of  the  body. 

15.  A large  unselvedged  sheet,  a m.  35  cent,  x 0 m.  60  cent,  of  coarse  sacking 
(1 6 -+  9 ),  folded  on  itself,  covers  whole  front  of  body.  At  the  right  corners,  both 
at  head  and  feet,  there  are  long  strips,  which  were  originally  tied  to  the  correspon- 
ding left  corners. 

16.  A sheet  of  cloth,  3 m.  ao  cent,  x 0 m.  5o  cent,  (very  ragged  thread,  i3  + a4), 
folded  into  four  layers,  placed  in  front  of  upper  half  of  the  body. 

17.  Another  folded  sheet,  a m.  01  cent,  x 0 m.  5o  cent,  (very  regular  thread, 

1 8 + 2 5 ) , covered  right  side  of  upper  half  of  body. 

18.  Another  covering  lower  part  of  body;  very  worn  and  ragged,  originally  i m. 
a 5 cent,  x 1 m.  ta  cent,  (texture  exceptionally  irregular,  9 + i4). 

19.  This  bandage  and  numbers  (so),  (aa),  (a3),  (a4),  (a6)  and  (27)  are  all  torn 
from  the  same  sheet  ( 2 0 + 1 3 ) , the  edges  of  which  are  on  number  ( a 3 ).  It  passes 
spirally  around  the  body  from  the  head  to  the  chest. 

20.  Starts  where  (1 9)  ends  and  passes  spirally  down  the  body  to  the  ankles. 

21.  A series  of  pieces  of  rag  of  varied  texture,  some  with  ink  inscriptions. 

2 2 . Arranged  like  ( a 0 ). 

23.  A bandage,  5 m.  x 0 m.  27  cent*  with  a thickly  hemmed  border  and  fringe 
(0  m.  os 5 mill.)  down  one  side. 

24.  Bandage  passing  spirally  from  middle  of  body  up  to  head,  in  direction  opposite 
to  hands  of  clock. 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUStfE  DU  CAIRE. 


24 


25.  A stick  extending  whole  length  of  body. 

26.  Wound  spirally  around  body  from  the  head  to  the  middle  of  the  body. 

27.  A bandage,  5 m.  x o m.  09  cent.,  with  one  end  fringed  and  selvedged  and  the 
cloth  thread-drawn  parallel  to  it,  wound  spirally  around  body  from  the  feet  to  the 
middle  of  the  body. 

28.  Extending  longitudinally  in  front  of  the  body  there  was  a ragged  cloth  not  care- 
fully wrapped  up;  but  fixed  in  front  of  the  head  by  a piece  of  rag.  Hieroglyphs 
written  in  ink  upon  it : also  designs  in  red. 

29.  Several  loose  pieces  of  rag  in  front  of  body.  One  piece  with  very  ragged  edges, 
i m.  x o m.  06  cent,  (very  loose  irregular  thread,  18  + 21). 

30..  By  this  time  what  was  left  of  the  mummy  presented  the  appearance  shown  in 
fig.  3 (pi.  XIX).  Three  bands  are  tied  around  the  body.  They  consist  of  linen  of  very 
close  texture  and  regular  fibres  (19+13). 

On  removing  these  bandages  we  found  in  front  of  the  mummy  in  its  whole  length  (3 1)  a 
thick  mass  of  cloth , consisting  of  two  precisely  similar  sheets  of  fine  linen  (very  ragged 
mesh,  3o  + a3),  folded  many  times.  Each  sheet  is  1 m.  06  cent,  long  (i.  e.  in  the  long 
axis  of  the  mummy)  and  4 m.  wide.  One  short  border  and  one  long  are  selvedged  in 
each  sheet.  The  other  short  border  of  each  piece  has  a string  fringe , on  an  average  one 
string  to  every  centimetre , but  not  at  regular  intervals.  Each  string  is  o m.  1 1 5 mill, 
long  and  consists  of  all  the  longitudinal  threads  of  its  own  area  interplaited. 

Thus  the  two  cloths  represent  on  original  piece  3 m.  0 a cent,  x 4 m. 

32.  A series  of  long  irregular  strips  of  muslin  tied  in  knots , all  converging  to  a large 
reddish  pear-shaped  mass  of  discoloured  cloth  o m.  35  cent.  long.  The  colour  is 
due  to  some  resinous  solution  and  perhaps  in  part  to  blood-staining.  A piece  of 
palm -stick,  0 m.  43  cent,  long,  to  which  is  adherent  one  of  the  pieces  of  muslin 
(regular  mesh  of  exceptionally  fine  thread,  9 3 + 35). 

33.  A wooden  stick  in  contact  with  the  mummy. 

34.  A shroud  in  direct  contact  with  the  remains  of  the  body,  4 m.  o5  cent,  x 0 m. 
0 4 cent. , folded  longitudinally  four  times  and  rolled  up , except  where  it  forms  a 
flat  pad  for  the  head.  It  is  a muslin  formed  of  very  fine , but  also  very  irregular  and 
furry,  threads  (3o  + 94) : it  has  a fringe  of  long  plaited  strings  like  (3 1). 

Amongst  the  folds  of  this  shroud  there  were  many  barley  stalks. 

35.  A large  lorn  sheet  like  (3i)  and  folded  like  it. 

36.  Another  sheet  like  the  last  with  a regularly -fringed  edge.  0 m.  3o  cent,  wide, 
folded  four  times. 

This  wrapping  was  done  in  the  XXI**  dynasty,  but  is  merely  a rough  reclothing  of  a 
mummy  that  had  been  stripped  by  plunderers.  The  details  of  the  method  practised 
in  the  XXI*‘  dynasty  have  been  described  by  Mr.  A.  C.  Mace  and  me  in  The  Mummy 
of  a Priestess  of  Amon  ( Annales  du  Service,  1906,  pp.  i55-i8a). 

When  I had  removed  all  these  complicated  series  of  wrappings,  from  which  the  simu- 
lacrum of  a complete  and  properly- wrapped  mummy  had  been  built  up,  only  the 
distorted  skin  and  a few  of  the  bones  of  a boy  o m.  93  cent,  in  height  .were  found 
(fig.  4,  pi.  XIX). 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


25 


The  soft  pliable  skin  is  of  a light  brown  colour  and  forms  a hollow  shell  which  has 
become  grossly  distorted  by  pressure.  The  face  has  become  flattened  on  the  right 
side  to  such  an  extent  that  the  mouth  is  almost  vertical. 

The  scalp  has  been  torn  off  the  right  side  of  the  skull  and  bent  over  on  to  the  left  side. 

The  skin  of  the  back , together  with  the  vertebral  column , most  of  the  other  bones 
hones  of  the  skeleton,  and  all  the  viscera,  are  missing.  The  greater  part  of  the  right 
leg  is  wanting  : the  right  femur  (diaphysis  o m.  21  cent.)  but  not  the  left  is  pre- 
sent (see  fig.  4).  The  left  tibia  and  fibula  and  foot  are  present.  The  right  scapula 
is  present,  but  not  the  left. 

The  skull  is  very  flat.  The  hair  is  cut  short.  The  boy  had  a full  set  of  deciduous  teeth 
and  presumably  was  about  five  or  six  years  of  age.  Appearances  suggest  that  he  had 
been  circumcised  : but  if  so  Sipaari  is  an  exception  to  the  general  rule,  for  there 
are  reasons  for  supposing  that  during  the  XVIIIth  dynasty  and  before  then  the 
operation  was  performed  at  the  time  of  puberty  (vide  infra), 

61065.  The  mummy  supposed  to  be  that  of  Thoutmosis  I (pis.  XX,  XXI  and 
XXII). 

M.  Maspero  informs  us  ( The  Struggle  of  the  Nations,  1896,  p.  a As)  that  «the  coffin  of 
Thoutmosis  I ( in  these  quotations  I have  altered  the  spelling  of  names  in  accordance 
with  M.  Maspero’s  latest  transliterations  in  the  Guide  du  Visiteur),  was  usurped  by 
the  priest-king  Pinotmou  I,  son  of  Piankhi  (Les  Momies  royales,  p.  545),  and  the 
mummy  was  lostw.  He  adds  further  : — «I  fancy  that  I have  discovered  it  in 
mummy  n"  5a83  [n°  6io65  of  this  catalogue],  of  which  the  head  presents  a 
striking  resemblance  to  those  of  Thoutmosis  II  and  III  (ibid.,  pp.  58 1,  58a )». 

In  addition  to  the  reasons  given  by  M.  Maspero  in  the  above  quotations,  and  at  length 
in  Les  Momies  royales,  pp.  545,  5^0  and  especially  pp.  5 8 1 , 58a,  the  technique 
of  mummification  displayed  in  this  specimen,  as  well  as  the  position  in  which  the 
arms  are  placed,  indicates  that  the  body  was  embalmed  at  a period  earlier  than 
that  of  Thoutmosis  II  and  later  than  that  of  Ahm&sis  I.  Thus  we  have  exceptionally 
strong  corroborative  evidence  in  support  of  M.  Maspero’s  suggestion,  which  was 
based  upon  family  likeness. 

The  nature  of  the  resin -impregnated  bandages  with  which  the  mummy  is  enswathied' 
can  leave  us  in  no  doubt  that  the  body  was  embalmed  at  some  time  during  the 
XVIIIth  dynasty.  The  excellent  state  of  preservation  of  the  body  and  the  firmness  and  ^ 
durability  of  the  skin  and  tissues,  indicate  the  attainment  of  a perfection  in  the  art  of 
embalming  unknown  before  the  time  of  Ahmosis  I ; and  the  fact  that  this  result  has 
been  attained  without  plastering  the  body  with  a thick  layer  of  resinous  paste  may 
he  regarded  as  evidence  that  the  mummification  was  done  at  a period  subsequent  to 
that  of  Ahmosis.  On  the  other  hand  the  mummy  of  Rat  affords  positive  evidence 
that  such  perfection  was  attainable  even  in  the  time  of  Ahm6sis. 

In  the  series  of  mummies  so  far  considered  it  will  be  noticed  that  the  hands , which  at 
the  commencement  of  the  XVIIIth  dynasty  were  placed  on  the  sides  of  the  thighs , 

Catal.  du  Mutee,  n°  6io5i. 


4 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


become  shifted  gradually  further  forward,  until  in  the  mummy  of  Sitkamos  they 
were  placed  in  front  of  the  pudenda.  In  the  mummy  under  consideration  there  can 
be  no  doubt  (see  pi.  XX),  that  the  hands,  although  broken  off  and  removed  by 
ancient  grave -plunderers,  were  also  placed  in  front  of  the  genital  area.  This 
position  is  doubly  significant,  not  only  of  the  fact  that  this  mummy  is  later  than 
that  of  Ahm6sis  and  represents  a phase  in  the  changing  customs  of  placing  of  the 
hands  exemplified  in  the  case  of  Sitkamos,  but  also  of  a greater  antiquity  than  the 
mummies  of  Thoutmosis  II  and  his  successors.  For  with  Thoutmosis  II  the  custom 
of  folding  the  arms  was  introduced  (see  pi.  XXIII),  which  became  the  rule  and 
remained  in  force  until  the  coming  of  the  priest-kings  of  the  XXI**  dynasty,  when  a 
reaction  set  in  and  the  embalmers  reverted  to  the  custom  in  vogue  at  the  commen- 
cement of  the  XVIIIth  dynasty  ; and  once  more  began  to  place  the  hands  on  the 
thighs  or  in  front  of  the  pudenda  (see  pi.  LXVII  et  seq.). 

There  are  some  curious  exceptions  to  this  general  statement.  In  the  mummy  of  the 
young  uncircumcised  prince  found  in  the  tomb  of  Amenothes  II,  and  certainly  con- 
temporaneous with  it,  both  hands  were  in  front  of  the  pudenda  (see  Bulletin  de  I’lnsli- 
lut  dgyptien,  5'  s^rie,  1. 1,  p.  22  b,  also  infra)-,  and  in  one  of  the  women  found  in 
the  same  tomb  (Op.  cit.,  p.  2 2 5),  the  right  hand  was  placed  against  the  thigh, 
while  the  left  arm  was  flexed.  Then  again  in  the  mummy  of  Touiyou  (Thua),  the 
mother  of  Queen  Tiyi,  both  hands  were  in  contact  with  the  thighs  : but  in  the 
mummy  of  her  husband  Iouiya  (Yuaa),  both  arms  are  flexed  in  the  way  that  was 
usual  in  his  time. 

What  these  departures  from  custom  may  signify  it  is  impossible  to  say  : but  I 
must  emphasize  the  fact  that,  from  the  time  of  Thoutmosis  II  until  the  end  of  the 
XXth  dynasty,  no  mummy  of  an  adult  man  is  known  in  which  the  arms  were  .not 
flexed. 

Seeing  that  some  scholars  have  urged  the  view  that  the  mummy  under  consideration 
is  not  that  of  Thoutmosis  I , but  is  the  body  of  Pinotmou  I or  some  other  priest- 
king  of  the  XXI'*  dynasty,  it  might  be  supposed  that  the  placing  of  the  arms  in  the 
position  customary  in  the  XXI*‘  dynasty  lends  support  to  that  contention.  But  such 
an  opinion  is  wholly  untenable.  The  technique  of  embalming  presents  quite 
definite  characteristics  in  the  early  XVIIIth  and  the  XXI*1  dynasties  respectively.  The 
mummy  under  consideration  conforms  in  every  respect  to  the  former  and  has  none 
of  the  many  peculiarly  distinctive  features  of  the  latter  mode  of  embalming. 

There  is  then  abundant  evidence  for  placing  this  mummy  in  the  series  between  those 
of  Ahmosis  I and  Thoutmosis  II  : and  it  is  particularly  unfortunate  that  we  are 
unable,  for  the  reasons  stated  above,  to  add  the  testimony  of  the  mummy  of  Ame- 
nothes I to  the  discussion.  Perhaps  M.  Maspero  at  some  future  time  may  give  his 
consent  to  the  use  of  the  X-rays,  and  obtain  a skiagram  of  the  mummy  of  Ame- 
nothes I,  which  would  show  the  positions  of  his  arms,  without  disturbing  the 
wrappings  and  garlands  that  now  hide  them  from  view. 

In  addition  to  this  archaeological  evidence,  in  support  of  the  identification  of  this 
mummy  as  the  body  of  Thoutmosis  I , there  is  the  testimony  of  the  physical  charac- 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


27 


ters  of  the  mummy  itself,  upon  which  M.  Maspero  based  his  suggestion.  The  points 
of  resemblance  not  only  to  Thoutmosis  II,  but  also  to  the  whole  group  of  early 
XVIIIth  dynasty  royal  mummies,  are  manifold.  Amongst  a group  of  short  men  — 
Ahm6sis  I was  1 m.  635  mill,  and  Thoutmosis  II  1 m.  684  mill.  — this  man  was 
even  more  undersized,  being  only  t m.  545  mill,  in  height. 

The  most  striking  point  of  difference  is  the  smallness , and  especially  the  narrowness , 
of  the  cranium. 

When  we  come  to  examine  the  details  of  the  mummy  there  are  many  features,  trivial 
in  themselves  when  considered  individually,  but  the  cumulative  value  of  which  is 
so  great  as  to  dispose  of  any  further  doubts  as  to  its  definite  identification  as 
Thoutmosis  I or  a contemporary. 

The  rounding  of  the  margins  of  the  external  auditory  meatus  (pi.  XXII)  makes  it 
certain  that  the  ear  must  have  been  plugged  in  the  same  manner  as  that  of  Thout- 
mosis II  (pi.  XXIV),  where  a ball  of  resinous  material  is  still  in  situ.  In  this  respect 
the  mummy  of  Thoutmosis  III  (pi.  XXVIII)  resembles  those  of  his  two  namesakes 
who  came  before  him.  By  the  time  of  Thoutmosis  IV,  however,  this  practice  was 
given  up  and  it  became  the  custom  to  smear  the  ear  with  resinous  paste,  instead  of 
putting  a round  plug  into  the  aperture.  In  the  mummy  of  Thoutmosis  IV  evidence 
of  the  custom  of  piercing  the  lobules  of  the  ears  is  seen  for  the  first  time  in  a king 
of  certain  date,  so  far  as  I am  aware,  if  we  except  the  mummy  of  the  unknown  man 
«C»,  who  was  probably  a contemporary  of  the  person  whose  mummy  we  are  dis- 
cussing and  the  mummy  supposed  to  be  Meritamon.  The  absence  of  such  perforations 
in  the  mummy  under  consideration,  as  well  as  in  Thoutmosis  II  and  III,  is  further 
corroboration  of  its  identification  as  Thoutmosis  I. 

The  position  of  the  embalming  wound  (seen  in  pi.  XX  at  the  inner  side  of  the  forearm) 
agrees  with  that  already  described  ( vide  supra ) in  other  mummies  of  this  period. 

The  genitalia  have  been  treated  in  a manner  strikingly  different  from  that  shown  (in 
pi.  XI),  in  the  case  of  Ahmdsis  I.  At  first  sight  the  body  has  the  appearance  (see 
pi.  XX)  of  being  that  of  a eunuch  : but  on  closer  examination  a broad  leaf,  o m. 
067  mill,  long  and  0 m.  o38  mill,  wide,  may  he  seen  Battened  against  the  peri- 
neum; and,  to  the  left  of  it,  there  is  a similar  but  slightly  smaller  mass  flattened 
against  the  front  and  inner  side  of  the  left  thigh.  Whether  these  structures  represent 
the  whole  of  the  pudenda  or  only  the  scrotum  must  remain  uncertain.  These  facts 
become  of  special  interest  when  the  condition  of  the  next  three  mummies  to  be 
described  is  taken  into  consideration. 

Apart  from  the  eye-lashes  the  head  is  absolutely  devoid  of  hair.  The  scalp  is  quite 
smooth  and  hairless  and  there  is  no  sign  of  any  moustache  or  chin-beard;  but  short, 
moderately  abundant,  white  hairs  are  visible  on  the  left  masseteric  region. 

The  skin  of  the  face  still  retains  obvious  traces  of  having  been  much  wrinkled  during 
life. 

The  cranium  is  small,  narrow,  and  ovoid  in  norma  verticalis.  In  profile  (pi.  XXII)  it 
appears  to  be  very  lofty  and  the  occiput  is  moderately  prominent.  The  narrow, 
relatively  long  ellipsoid  face  is  said,  by  M.  Maspero,  to  present  « refined  features?), 


4. 


28 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


and  «the  mouth  still  bears  an  expression  of  shrewdness  and  cunnings  (Op.  cit., 
Struggle  of  the  Nations,  p.  2 4a).!  But  the  narrow,  feeble  jaw,  with  receding  chin 
(pi.  XXI  and  XXII)  give  an  aspect  of  weakness  to  the  whole  face. 

M.  Maspero  states  that  « the  king  was  already  advanced  in  age  at  the  time  of  his  death , 
being  over  fifty  years  old,  to  judge  by  his  teeth,  which  are  worn».  (Op.  cit. , 
p.  a4a). 

The  cranium  is  0 m.  180  mill,  long,  0 m.  i33  mill,  broad  : its  minimal  frontal 
diameter  is  0 m.  093  mill,  and  its  circumference  o -m.  5io  mill.  : total  facial 
height,  0 m.  1 ih  mill.;  upper  facial  height  0 m.  070  mill.;  bizygomatic  breadth , 

0 m.  127  mill.;  bigonial  breadth,  0 m.  098  mill.;  nasal  height,  0 m.  087  mill, 
and  breadth  0 m.  o33  mill,  (alar  measurement,  which  however  is  of  little  value, 
as  the  nostrils  are  widely  dilated  — see  pi.  XXI);  left  orbit,  o m.  o4  cent,  by  0 m. 
o3  cent.  : right  orbit,  precisely  same  dimensions.  The  auricular  height  of  the  cra- 
nium is  0 m.  n3  mill.;  and  the  chin- vertex  projection,  0 m.  195  mill. 

Height  of  upper  border  of  symphysis  pubis  (from  level  of  heels)  o m.  83o  mill.  : 
upper  border  of  sternum  0 m.  4 2 7 mill,  above  symphysis  pubis;  biacromial 
. 3 1 o mill. , and  breadth  across  heads  of  humeri , 0 m.  3 4 o mill. 

61066.  The  mummy  of  Thoutmosis  II  (pis.  XXIII  and  XXIV). 

This  mummy  was  unwrapped  by  M.  Maspero  ( Les  Monties  royales,  p.  546)  on  July  1“, 
1886. 

The  mummy  was  badly  damaged  by  ancient  tomb-robbers.  [The  photograph  (pi.  XXIII) 
represents  it  as  restored  by  me  on  September  22“*,  1906].  The  left  arm  was  broken 
off  at  the  shoulder-joint,  and  the  forearm  separated  at  the  elbow  joint.  The  right 
arm  was  chopped  off  just  above  the  elbow.  From  the  manner  of  folding  of  the  skin 

1 was  able  to  determine  the  positions  of  the  two  arms  and  restore  them , as  they  are 
shown  in  pi.  XXIII.  Both  upper  arms  were  vertical.  From  the  folding  of  the  skin  in 
the  bend  of  the  right  elbow,  it  was  evident  that  the  forearm  passed  obliquely  across 
the  chest,  so  as  to  bring  the  fully  extended  right  hand  in  front  of  the  left  shoulder. 
The  left  forearm  was  probably  lying  in  contact  with  the  chest,  i.  e.  deeper  than  the 
right  forearm;  but  the  hand  was  not  quite  so  high  as  the  right;  and  only  the  thumb 
was  extended,  the  fingers  being  fully  flexed. 

The  whole  anterior  abdominal  wall  and  a considerable  part  of  the  thoracic  wall  had 
been  hacked  away  by  means  of  blows  from  some  large,  sharp-edged  implement 
(?axe).  One  stroke  cut  across  the  sternal  end  of  the  right  clavicle  had  passed  obliquely 
outward  through  the  upper  four  ribs  on  the  right  side  : another  gash  passed  straight 
through  the  middle  line  of  the  anterior  body-wall  : a third  cut  through  the  left  ribs , 
from  the  second  to  the  eighth  inclusive , along  a line  passing  downward  and  slightly 
outward  from  a point  on  the  second  rib  four  centimetres  from  the  middle  line. 

The  right  leg  was  completely  severed  from  the  body  by  a blow  (probably  of  an  axe) 
which  cut  through  the  right  pubic  bone  toward  the  great  sciatic  notch. 

A slight  gash  is  found  passing  obliquely  upward  and  outward  on  the  neck  from  the 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


29 


left  sterno-clavicular  articulation  {pi.  XXIV,  fig.  a);  and  there  is  another  wound, 
much  deeper  than  the  last-mentioned,  farther  round  on  the  left  side  of  the  neck. 

Two  small  cuts  are  visible  on  the  chin  (fig.  a). 

The  posterior  (lateral)  margin  only  is  left  of  the  embalming- wountif^  which  must  have 
been  a widely-gaping  fusiform  opening,  1 1 cent,  in  length. 

The  skin  of  the  thorax,  shoulders  and  arms  (excluding  the  hands),  the  whole  of  the 
back,  the  buttocks  and  legs  (excluding  the  feet)  is  studded  with  raised  macules 
varying  in  size  from  minute  points  to  patches  a centimetre  in  diameter.  The  skin  of 
the  head  is  not  affected.  A condition  precisely  similar  to  this  is  also  found  in  the 
mummy  of  Amenothes  II  and  in  a less  marked  form  in  Thoutmosis  III ; and  the 
question  is  raised  as  to  whether  these  macules  are  due  to  some  cutaneous  eruption 
or  are  the  result  of  the  action  of  the  preservative  bath  post  mortem.  On  the  whole  I 
am  inclined  to  look  upon  them  as  the  manifestations  of  some  disease,  the  nature  of 
which,  however,  is  not  altogether  clear  : but  the  fact  that  this  irregularity  of  the 
skin  occurs  in  three  successive  Pharaohs  suggests  that  it  may  be  due  to  some  irritant 
amongst  the  ingredients  of  the  preservative  materials  employed  by  the  embalmers 
at  this  particular  time. 

M.  Maspero  makes  the  following  statements  concerning  Thoutmosis  II  [The  Struggle  of 
the  Nations,  pp.  ad 2 , 2 k 3).  «The  mask  on  his  coffin  represents  him  with  a smiling 
and  amiable  countenance,  and  with  the  fine  pathetic  eyes  which  show  his  descent 
from  the  Pharaohs  of  the  XIIth  dynasty.  His  statues  bear  the  same  expression,  which 
indeed  is  that  of  the  mummy  itself.  He  resembles  Thoutmosis  I;  but  his  features 
are  not  so  marked,  and  are  characterised  by  greater  gentleness.  He  had  scarcely 
reached  the  age  of  thirty  when  he  fell  a victim  to  a disease  of  which  the  process  of 
embalming  could  not  remove  the  traces.  The  skin  is  scabrous  in  patches  and  covered 
with  scars,  while  the  upper  part  of  the  [scalp]  is  bald;  the  body  is  thin  and  some- 
what shrunken,  and  appears  to  have  lacked  vigour  and  muscular  powers  (see 
Monies  royales,  pp.  545-54y). 

M.  Maspero’s  estimate  of  age  is  based  upon  the  condition  of  the  upper  incisor  teeth 
(see  pi.  XXIV),  which  were  exposed  by  removing  some  linen  and  resin  from  the 
slightly  open  mouth.  But  as  these  teeth  project  beyond  the  lower  incisors,  as  in  so 
many  members  of  the  Royal  Family  in  the  XVHIth  dynasty  [vide  supra),  the  absence 
of  signs  of  « wears  in  the  upper  teeth  does  not  necessarily  bear  the  significance  thus 
attached  to  it.  The  late  Professor  Rudolf  Virchow  makes  the  following  statements  in 
reference  to  these  matters.  «Thutmes  II.,  der  Urenkel  von  Ahmosis,  ist  nach  einer 
sehr  kurzen  Regierung  gestorben,  also  wahrscheinlich  noch  in  jungerem  Alter. 
Seine  vollen  Schneidezahne  sind  freilich  stark  abgeschliffen , aber  sonst  von  guter 
Bescbaffenbeit.  Sie  sind  orthognath,  wenngleich  etwas  vortretend » [Die  dgyptischen 
Konigsmumien  im  Museum,  zu  Bulaq,  Sitzungsberichte  der  koniglich  preussischen 
Akademie  der  Wissenschaften  zu  Berlin,  1888,  XXXIV,  p.  771).  , 

On  the  temples  there  is  dark  brown  wavy  hair  about  1 2 cent,  long  arranged  in  curls 
(see  pi.  XXIV),  which  Professor  Virchow  regards  as  heing  the  result,  possibly,  of 
artifice.  On  the  vertex  there  is  a very  scanty  covering  of  much  finer  hair,  not  more 


30 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


than  2 cent.  long.  The  whole  occipital  region  and  a patch  on  the  right  parietal 
region  are  wholly  devoid  of  hair;  but  there  is  the  possibility  that  this  may  have 
fallen  off  during  or  after  mummification. 

Although  loss  of  hair  often  occurs  at  a much  earlier  age  than  3o  years,  especially  as 
a result  of  certain  diseases , the  baldness  of  Thoulmosis  II , considered  in  conjunction 
with  the  wrinkled  skin  of  his  face,  leads  me  seriously  to  question  the  suggestion 
that  he  was  no  more  than  3o  years  of  age. 

Only  a few  scattered  hairs  in  the  masseteric  region  are  all  that  can  be  detected  of  the 
beard. 

Each  external  auditory  meatus  is  occupied  by  a round  plug  of  resin  (pi.  XXIV).  The 
ears  are  small  and  well-formed  and  the  lobules  seem  not  to  be  perforated. 

The  bridge  of  the  nose  is  low  and  fairly  broad.  Both  nostrils  are  distended  with  plugs 
of  linen  impregnated  with  resinous  material  : but  it  is  clear  that  the  nose  must 
have  been  moderately  broad,  without  being  squat  (see  pi.  XXIV).  Virchow  describes 
the  nose  as  being  «an  der  Wurzel  breit,  der  Riicken  stark  vortretend,  der  Index 
(63 .6)  genau  derselbe  wie  bei  Ahmosis,  etwas  gross n [Op.  cil.,  p.  771). 

This  mummy  has  been  measured  by  Dr.  Fouquet  (M.  Maspero’s  Report,  Les  Monties 
royales),  by  Professor  Virchow  [Op.  cit.)  and  by  Dr.  Douglas  Derry  and  me.  But 
there  are  surprisingly  great  discrepancies  in  the  three  series  of  measurements.  In 
some  cases,  as  for  instance,  stature,  which,  according  to  Virchow  is  1 m.  760  mill., 
but  according  to  our  own  measurements  only  1 m.  684  mill.,  the  difference  is  due 
to  the  fact  that  we  were  able  to  measure  the  height  after  the  removal  of  the  wrap- 
pings from  the  feet.  But  other  equally  disconcerting  contrasts  appear  in  measu- 
rements that  were  made  under  precisely  similar  conditions. 

The  cranium  is  of  a broad  pentagonoid  form.  Virchow’s  account  of  the  head  is  as 
follows  : — ttder  Ropf  trotz  der  Lange  des  Hinterhaupts  mesocephal  (Index  79.1) 
und  wahrscheinlich  orthocephal  (Ohrhohenindex  62.8).  Die  Stirn  voll,  mit  schwa- 
chen  Orbital wiilsten , etwas  ruckwarts  geneigt.  Das  Gesicht  obwohl  schmal,  doch 
chamaeprosop  (Index  88.8)»  [Op.  cil.,  p.  771). 

The  features  of  this,  and  all  the  other  early  XVIIIth  dynasty  mummies  so  far  con- 
sidered, are  characteristically  Egyptian.  It  is  unusual,  however  in  pure  Egyptians 
to  find  such  broad  crania  as  we  see  in  all  these  royal  mummies,  with  the  note- 
worthy exception  of  the  small-headed  individual  supposed  to  be  Thoutmosis  I. 
Nevertheless  it  should  not  be  surprising  if  the  members  of  a family,  who,  by  their 
own  initiative , had  just  freed  their  country  from  foreign  domination , displayed  a 
somewhat  greater  breadth  of  cranium  than  the  generality  of  their  subjects. 

The  length  of  the  head  is  0 m.  191  mill,  and  the  breadth  is  0 m.  i4g  mill. : minimal 
frontal  breadth,  0 m.  100  mill,  : circumference,  0 m.  549  mill.;  total  facial 
height,  0 m.  122  mill.  : upper  facial  height,  o m.  070  mill.  : nasal  height  and 
breadth,  0 m.  067  and  o m.  o33  mill,  respectively. 

Virchow  [Op.  cit.,  p.  786)  gives  the  following  measurements  of  this  mummy.  [I  use 
the  terms  employed  elsewhere  in  this  catalogue].  Length  of  head,  0 m.  191  mill.; 
breadth  of  head,  o m.  i5i  mill.;  auricular  height,  0 m.  120  mill.;  distance  of 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


31 


auditory  meatus  from  root  of  nose,  o m.  n5  mill.;  circumference  of  head , o m. 
5^7  mill.;  minimal  frontal  breadth,  0 m.  100  mill.;  length  of  face,  from  hair- 
margin  to  chin,  0 m.  191  mill.;  total  facial  height,  0 m.  120  mill.;  upper  facial 
height  (measured  to  the  lip  and  not  to  the  alveolar  margin),  0 m.  078  mill.;  bizy- 
gomatic breadth,  0 m.  1 3 5 mill.;  bimalar  hreadth,  0 m.  097  mill. ; bigonial 
breadth,  o m.  098  mill.  : (internal)  interorbital  width,  o m.  o32  mill.;  external 
orbital  width,  o m.  o85  mill.  : nasal  height,  o m.  o55  mill.;  nasal  breadth,  0 m. 
o35  mill.;  length  of  mouth,  0 m.  o55  mill.;  and  length  of  ear,  o m,  o55  mill. 

I found  the  height  of  the  upper  margin  of  the  symphysis  pubis  above  the  heels  to  be 
0 m.  873  milL 

In  his  report  M.  Maspero  states  that  the  prepuce  was  present  (in  1886);  but  I was 
unable  to  find  (September  aa"a  1906)  any  definite  remains  of  the  external  genital 
organs,  although  appearances  suggest  that  they  had  been  flattened  against  the 
perineum  as  in  the  case  of  the  mummy  last  described. 

There  is  a funnel-shaped  dilatation  of  the  rectum,  0 m.  o55  mill,  deep,  the  aperture 
measuring  0 m.  oh  cent,  by  0 m.  o3  cent.  Remains  of  the  pelvic  viscera  are  still 
present. 

Unlike  the  conditions  found  in  many  of  the  royal  mummies  the  finger-nails  and  toe- 
nails of  Thoutmosis  II  were  all  neatly  trimmed  and  cleaned. 

61067.  The  mummy  of  an  unknown  man  «C»,  found  in  the  coffin  of  the  Scribe 
Nibsoni  (pi.  XXV,  XXVI  and  XXVII). 

When  found  in  1881  this  mummy  had  obviously  been  recently  plundered  by  some  of 
the  people  of  the  Luxsor  neighbourhood , whose  depredations  led  to  the  discovery 
of  the  Royal  Mummies  (see  Les  Monties  royales,  pp.  57 A- 576). 

In  the  course  of  his  discussion  of  this  mummy  ( Op.  cit. ) M.  Maspero  makes  the  sta- 
tements : « J’ai  suppose  jusqu’a  present  que  le  cadavre  repr&ente  r4ellement 
Nibsoni.  Comme  Nibsoni  4tait  le  p£re  d’Honttoui,  femme  du  roi  Pinot’mou,  il  est 
possible  que  sa  parent^  avec  la  reine  lui  ait  valu  Thonneur  d’etre  placA  dans  la 
cachette n . In  The  Struggle  of  the  Nations  the  definite  statement  is  made  that  this 
mummy  is  «the  scribe  Nibsoni » (p.  5og,  footnote  3). 

But  Nibsoni  lived  in  the  times  of  the  XXP‘  dynasty,  whereas  this  is  an  XVIIIth  dynasty 
mummy,  obviously  belonging  to  the  group  that  includes  the  first  three  Pharaohs 
who  bore  the  name  Thoutmosis.  The  mode  of  embalming,  the  treatment  of  the  skin, 
the  nature  of  the  resin -impregnated  bandages,  and  even  such  small  details  as  the 
rounded  appearance  of  the  external  auditory  meatus  (compare  pi.  XXVII  with 
pis.  XXII,  XXIV  and  XXVIII  and  note  the  contrast  between  these  four  and  all  the 
other  plates),  and  the  treatment  of  the  genital  organs,  all  proclaim  this  mummy  to 
be  early  XVIIIth  dynasty  in  date. 

The  positions  of  the  arms  indicate  that  this  mummy  is  earlier  than  that  of  Thout- 
mosis II.  I have  placed  it  after  the  latter  in  this  catalogue  merely  for  the  sake  of 
convenience  in  discussion. 


32 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUStfE  DU  CAIRE. 


Who  this  unknown  man  can  be  there  is  no  evidence  to  show ; for  if  the  enshrouded 
body  in  the  coffin  of  Amenothes  I is  really  the  mummy  of  that  sovereign,  there  is 
no  king  missing  from  the  early  XVIIIth  dynasty  series. 

Moreover  the  features  of  this  man  present  no  likeness  to  any  of  his  possible  contempo- 
raries among  the  royal  family;  and  a tall,  vigorous  man,  1 m.  789  mill,  in  height, 
must  have  seemed  a very  giant  amongst  them,  and  is  hardly  likely  to  have  sprung 
from  such  a puny  stock.  The  only  possibility  that  remains  is  that  « C » was  some 
high  official. 

He  has  abundant,  black  hair,  freely  streaked  with  grey.  It  is  about  i5  cent.  long. 
The  teeth  are  so  much  worn  that  they  have  all  become  molariform.  There  can  be 
no  doubt  thas  this  man  was  well  advanced  in  years. 

Without  removing  the  bandages  to  a greater  extent  than  is  shown  in  pi.  XXV  I was 
unable  to  discover  any  trace  of  genital  organs;  and  I would  not  have  hesitated  to 
call  this  man  a eunuch,  if  it  had  not  been  for  the  fact  that  the  mode  of  treatment 
of  the  genitalia  is  almost  equally  puzzling  in  the  mummies  of  the  three  other  members 
of  this  group  (Thoutmosis  I,  II  and  III),  who  were  certainly  not  eunuchs,  if  we 
accept  the  history  of  their  reigns. 

The  skin  of  the  body  is  of  a reddish  brown  colour,  but  that  of  the  face  is  almost  black. 
This  man  had  a strong  face  with  pronounced  features;  a big,  heavy,  broad  jaw  of 
Armenoid  type;  prominent  brow  ridges  and  sloping  forehead;  broad  cheeks,  and  a 
fairly  prominent  nose.  On  the  whole  his  features  conform , not  to  the  the  indigenous 
Egyptian  type,  but  to  that  of  the  alien,  so-called  Armenoid  group. 

There  are  small  perforations  in  the  lobules  of  the  ears. 

The  cranial  length  is  o m.  192  mill.;  cranial  breadth,  o m.  187  mill.;  minimal 
frontal  breadth,  0 m.  io5  mill.;  chin-vertex  projection,  o m.  217  mill.;  total 
facial  height,  0 m.  12 5 mill.;  upper  facial  height,  0 m.  069  mill.;  bizygomatic 
breadth,  0 m.  1 4 1 mill.;  bigonial  breadth,  0 m.  io5  mill.;  biauricular  breadth, 
0 m.  112  mill.;  nasal  height,  0 m.  o58  mill.,  and  breadth  (alar),  0 m.  o34  mill. 

61068.  The  Mummy  of  Thoutmosis  III  (pi.  XXVIII). 

* 

This  mummy  was  unwrapped  by  M.  Emil  Brugsch  (now  Brugsch  Pacha)  in  July  1 88 1 
and  rebandaged.  In  1886  it  was  reopened  (Les  Monties  royales,  pp.  5/17  and  548) 
and  the  body  was  then  said  to  have  been  coated  with  « a layer  of  whitish  natron 
charged  with  human  fat,  greasy  to  the  touch,  foetid  and  strongly  caustic*  (see 
Mathey  in  Bulletin  de  1’Institut  <5gyptien , 1886,  p.  186).  The  investigations  of 
Professor  W.  A.  Schmidt  (fiber  Mumienfetlsauren,  Chemiker-Zeitung,  1908,  n°65) 
and  my  own  experience  of  what  has  happened  in  the  case  of  other  mummies  suggest 
that  the  whitish  material  in  question  was  an  efflorescence  of  fatty  acids.  « Towards 
the  close  of  the  XXth  Dynasty*,  according  to  M.  Maspero  ( The  Struggle  of  the  Nations, 
p.  989),  the  mummy  of  Thoutmosis  III  s was  torn  out  of  the  coffin  by  robbers,  who 
stripped  it  and  rifled  it  of  the  jewels  with  which  it  was  covered,  injuring  it  in 
their  haste  to  carry  away  the  spoil.  It  was  subsequently  re-interred , * * ; but  before 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


33 


reburial  some  renewal  of  the  wrappings  was  necessary , and  as  portions  of  the  body 
had  become  loose,  the  restorers , in  order  to  give  the  mummy  the  necessary  firmness , 
compressed  it  between  four  oar-shaped  slips  of  wood,  painted  white  (see  Les  Momies 
royales,  pi.  VI,  A.),  and  placed  three  inside  the  wrappings  and  one  outside,  under 
the  bands  which  confined  the  winding  sheet.  Happily  the  face,  which  had  been 
plastered  over  with  pitch  [resin]  at  the  time  of  embalming,  did  not  suffer  at  all 
from  this  rough  treatment,  and  appeared  intact  when  the  protecting  mask  was 
removed  ». 

In  his  Procis-verbal  de  I’ouverture  des  Momies  de  Ramsh  II  el  Ramsh  III  (Bull.  1’Inst. 
dgypt. , 1886,  p.  26/i),  M.  Maspero  gives  us  further  information  concerning  this 
mummy  : «Les  gens  qui  les  ont  depouill(5s  respectaient  si  peu  la  majesld  royale, 
qu’ils  ont  arrach4  le  lobe  de  1’oreille  avec  la  boucle ; ou  detach 4 a coups  de  hache  ou 
de  couteau  les  bracelets  qui  adh^raient  trop  4troitement  a la  peau.  La  momie  de 
Thoutmosis  III  avait  4t4  cass4e  en  trois  morceaux». 

The  head  is  broken  off  the  body  and  all  four  limbs  have  been  detached,  the  feet  broken 
off,  and  each  arm  has  been  broken  at  the  elbow  into  two  fragments.  By  restoring 
the  pieces  to  their  original  situations  it  was  seen  that  the  left  forearm  had  been  bent 
upward  across  the  chest  and  the  sharply  flexed  hand  (thumb  extended)  was  near  the 
right  shoulder.  The  right  forearm  was  placed  in  front  of  the  left  and  the  fully 
extended  hand  was  in  front  of  the  left  shoulder.  The  precise  identity  of  the  arran- 
gement of  the  hands  and  forearms  in  the  cases  of  Thoutmosis  II  and  Thoutmosis  III 
shows  that  such  posing  must  have  some  definite  significance. 

The  right  hand  and  forearm  were  tied  to  a piece  of  wood  by  means  of  a great 
mass  of  very  fine  linen  (probably  XXI**  Dynasty).  Probably  the  wrist  was  broken 
by  the  plunderers.  The  left  hand  is  flexed  in  a position  which  suggests  that  it 
may  have  been  grasping  a cylindrical  object  2 3 millimetres  in  diameter , such  as 
the  ceremonial  whip,  which  the  king  is  often  represented  as  carrying  in  his  left 
hand. 

With  Thoutmosis  III  the  embalmers  began  a new  custom  in  the  selection  of  the  site 
for  the  embalming-wound.  Instead  of  a vertical  incision  extending  upward  from 
near  the  anterior  superior  .spine  of  the  ilium  towards  the  ribs,  as  we  have  seen  in 
all  the  mummies  so  far  considered,  an  oblique  cut  was  made  (in  the  mummies 
of  Thoutmosis  III,  Amenothes  II  and  his  family,  Thoutmosis  IV,  Yuaa  and 
Thuaa,  and  Amenothes  III)  from  near  the  anterior  superior  spine  obliquely 
downward  and  inward  towards  the  pubes , following  a course  parallel  to  Pouparl’s 
ligament  (see  Diagram  3,  p.  34). 

In  the  XIXth  and  XXth  Dynasties  they  kept  to  the  same  convention , although  the  wound 
was  often  enlarged  upward  so  as  to  occupy  part  of  the  area  which  it  involved  before 
the  time  of  Thoutmosis  III  (see  Plates  XLII  and  LV);  but  in  the  XXI*1  Dynasty  a 
reaction  occurred  in  respect  of  this,  as  also  in  so  many  other  matters,  and  the 
embalmers  returned  to  the  infracostal  region  as  the  site  of  election  for  the  em- 
balming wound,  as  their  early  XVIIIth  Dynasty  forerunners  were  in  the  habit  of 
doing. 


Catal.  du  Muiee  n°  6io5i. 


5 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSliE  DU  CAIRE. 


COSTAL  MARGIN 


EMBALMING  INCISION 
^BEFORE  THOUTMOSI3  Jtj  • 
CRIST  OF  IUOM 

*- ANTERIOR  SUPERIOR 
SPINE 

EMBALMING  INCISION 
(THOUTMOSISSANP  after) 

POUPART&  LIGAMENT 


In  the  case  of  Thoulmosis  III  the  embalming  wound  extends  obliquely  across  tbe  abdo- 
men roughly  parallel  to  the  left  Ponpart’s  ligament.  Its  anterior  extremity  is  o m. 

o65  mill,  from  the  symphysis  pubis 
and  its  lateral  extremity  o m.  o56  mill, 
vertically  above  the  anterior  superior 
spine  of  the  left  ilium.  The  incision  is  1 1 
centimetres  long  and  it  gapes  to  the 
extent  of  only  one  centimetre.  Through 
it  the  cavity  of  the  abdomen  can  be  seen 
to  be  packed  with  a quantity  of  cloth 
impregnated  with  resinous  material. 

As  in  the  case  of  several  mummies  of  this 
particular  period  the  pudenda  seem  to 
Diagram  3.  Rave  been  completely  removed.  '* 

The  skin  of  the  whole  mummy  is  blackened.  Around  the  lower  part  of  the  abdomen 
and  perineum  and  also  around  the  shoulders  it  is  studded  with  small  projections, 
analogous  to  those  seen  in  the  cases  of  Thoulmosis  II  and  Amenolhes  II. 

The  mummy  ofThoutmosis  III  is  1 m.  6 1 5 mill,  in  height. 

The  cranium  is  of  large  capacity  and  of  pentagonoid  form.  According  to  my  measurements 
it  is  o m.  196  mill.  long,  and  o m.  i5o  mill,  broad;  but  Virchow  gives  0 m.  ig3 
mill,  and  o m.  i5i  mill,  as  the  dimensions,  and  gives  the  auricular  height  as 
0 m.  108  mill,  to  my  0 m.  106  mill.  I quote  his  remarks  concerning  this  mummy. 
«Thutmes  III,  der  jungere  Bruder  des  vorigen  Thoutmosis  II].  Obwohl  derselbe 
erst  Jiach  einen  langen  Regicrung  sein  Leben  beschloss,  so  macht  seine  Mummie 
doch  einen  fast  jugendlichen  Eindruck.  Auch  sein  Schadel  ist  mesocephal  (Index 
78.2)  und  mehr,  als  der  seines  Bruders,  flach  (Ohrhohenindex  5 5.9).  Alles  an  ihm 
hat  ein  mehr  zartes  Aussehen  : die  Ohren  klein,  die  Lippen  niedrig,  die  oberen 
zahne  tibergreifend , die  unteren  sehr  hoch  hinauftretend.  Kinn  gerundet  und  etwas 
zurucktretend , von  sanflem  Aussehen.  Das  Gesicht  hoch  und  schmal,  leptoprosop 
(Index  93.1),  die  Nase  ungleich  schmaler  als  die  von  Bruder  und  Urgrossvater 
(Index  6o.o)»,  op.  cit.,  p.  772. 

The  face  is  small,  narrow  and  elliptical.  The  marked  projection  of  the  upper  incisor 
teeth,  which  we  have  noted  as  a constant  feature  in  this  dynasty  from  the  time  of 
Ahm6sis  I and  his  consort  onwards,  is  associated  in  this  mummy  with  a raising  of 
the  unworn  edges  of  the  lower  incisors,  only  the  anterior  surfaces  of  which  show 
any  signs  of  wear. 

Both  nares  are  stuffed  with  a black  resinous  mass. 

The  nose,  now  badly  damaged,  was  narrow,  high-bridged  and  prominent,  but  not 
large. 

If  one  restores  the  facial  features  of  this  damaged  mummy  a contour  strikingly  like  the 
Delr-el-Baharl  portrait  and  the  beautiful  statue  (n°  Aao53)  described  by  M.  Legrain 
(Statues  et  Statuettes,  Cat.  Gdn. , 1906,  Plate  XXX)  will  be  obtained.  The  mouth  is 
slightly  opened  and  the  lower  lip  is  drawn  outwards.  The  forehead  is  very  low.  The 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


35 


small  gracefully  moulded  ears  have  preserved  their  form.  It  is  not  possible  to  say  u 
for  certain  whether  the  lobule  is  pierced ; but  in  spite 
of  the  appearance  of  Fig.  1 (Plate  XXVIII)  I have 
been  unable  to  convince  myself  that  any  real  perfo- 
ration is  present  (Diagram  4). 

No  trace  of  hair  or  beard  can  be  found  anywhere  on  the 
head,  excepting  the  eyebrows  and  a few  very  short 
white  hairs  just  behind  the  left  ear.  Thoutmosis  III 
was  certainly  almost  completely  bald. 

The  plunderers , who  did  so  much  damage  to  this  body 
in  their  search  for  jewellry , did  not  complete  their 
work,  for  the  remains  of  two  strings  of  beads  were 
found  on  the  front  of  each  shoulder , not  in  direct 
contact  with  the  skin,  but  upon  the  inner  most  layers 
of  bandages.  One  string  was  composed  of  small  cylin- 
ders about  one  and  a half  millimetres  in  diameter  with  square  margins  : the  other 
of  beads  half  the  size  and  with  rounded  margins.  The  heads  consisted  of  carnelian , 


gold  and  lapis  lazuli,  in  that  order,  in  some 

places  : in  others  of  carnelian,  gold 

and  green  felspar. 

Other 

MEASUREMENTS. 

Virchow 

Derry 

. 

and 

Elliot  Smith 

Cranial  circumference.  . . . 

o m.  55o  mill. 

0 m.  553  mill. 

Total  facial  height 

ffQ 

C» 

tH 

O 

0 ia5 

Upper  n n 

o 086 

0 080 

(measured  to  lip) 

(measured  to  maxilla) 

lasal  height 

o o55 

0 060 

» breadth 

o o33 

0 039 

(The  broken  condition  of  the  nose  explains  these  discrepancies  in  the  estimates  — see  Plate  XXVIII.) 

Bizygomatic  breadth 

o i3a 

0 i3o 

Bigonial  breadth  

LO 

O* 

O 

o 

O 

O 

CO 

cn 

Minimal  frontal  breadth . . . 

o 091 

0 

0 

00 

CO 

Chin  to  vertex  (projection). 

— 

O 

O* 

Ml 

O 

Chin  to  hah'  margin 

0 1 83 

— 

Right  Orbit 

0 m.  0 44  mill,  x 0 m o33  mill. 

Left  Orbit 

0 m.  o4a  mill,  x 0 m.  o36  mill. 

The  left  auditory  pinna  measures  o m.  o53  mill,  x o m.  o3o  mill.,  and  the  right 
o m.  o54  mill,  x o m.  o3o  mill.  Virchow  simply  gives  the  length  measurement 
as  o m.  o53  mill. 


Oblique  length  of  left  humerus o m.  34o  mill. 

Estimated  length  of  left  radius o a55 

Maximum  length  of  hand  (including  carpus) o iq3 

5. 


36 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CA1RE. 


Upon  the  lateral  aspects  of  the  cranium  there  are  large  triangular  depressions  due  to 
atrophy  of  the  outer  surfaces  of  the  parietal  bones.  Such  depressions  are  of  common 
occurrence  in  crania  of  the  ancient  Egyptian  aristocracy.  I have  suggested  by  way 
of  explanation  that  the  constant  wearing  of  heavy  wigs  or  other  headgear  may  be 
^ the  cause  ( The  Causation  of  the  Symmetrical  Thinning  of  the  Parietal  Bones  in  Ancient 
Egyptians,  Journal  of  Anatomy  and  Physiology,  volume  XLI,  1907). 

61069.  The  Mummy  of  Amenothes  II  (in  his  tomb  at  Biban  el  Molouk). 

The  tomb  of  Amenothes  II  was  opened  by  M.  Loret  in  1 8 9 8 ( Les  tombeaux  tie  Thothmes 
III  el  iAminophis  II,  dans  le  Bulletin  de  I’lnstilut  igyptien,  3*  s4rie,  n°  9 (ann4e 
1898),  p.  91-1 1 2 , pi.  I-XIV)  and  the  mummies  of  that  Pharaoh  and  four  others 
were  left  in  the  tomb,  while  those  of  Thoutmosis  IV,  Amenothes  III,  Siphtah, 
Seti  II,  Ramses  IV;  Ramses  V,  Ramses  VI  and  an  unknown  woman  lodged  in  the 
lid  of  the  coffin  of  Setnakhiti  (and,  until  unwrapped,  supposed  to  be  that  Pharaoh) 
were  removed  to  the  Cairo  Museum  in  1902  by  M.  Maspero. 

In  the  year  1902,  M.  Maspero  removed  some  of  the  wrappings  from  the  mummy  of 
Amenothes  II  and  described  the  condition  of  the  mummy  at  that  time  in  a report 
appended  to  Mr.  Howard  Carter’s  account  of  the  robbery  that  took  place  in  Amen- 
othes IPs  tomb  in  that  year.  ( Procis-verbal  d’examen  du  corps  du  Pharaon  Aminoihk  II, 
dans  les  Annales  du  Service  des  Antiquitds  de  I'tigypte,  t.  Ill,  1902,  p.  120-121, 
pi.  let II). 

With  M.  Maspero’s  permission,  in  1907  I made  a hasty  examination  of  four  of  the 
five  mummies  left  in  the  tomb.  Mr.  A.  E.  Weigall,  the  Chief  Inspector  of  Antiquities 
for  Upper  Egypt,  was  present  and  helped  me  in  the  task;  but  as  I was  able  to 
spend  only  one  day  in  the  Biban  el  Molouk,  I devoted  the  whole  of  my  attention  to 
the  four  complete  mummies,  and  did  not  look  at  the  damaged  remains  of  the 
r Momie  dans  une  barque » of  M.  Loret’s  account. 

The  general  appearance  of  the  mummy  of  Amenothes  II  is  already  well  known  from 
the  excellent  photographs  made  under  Mr.  Howard  Carter  s supervision  to  illustrate 
M.  Maspero’s  procis-verbal , already  quoted.  The  body  is  that  of  a man  1 m.  673 
mill,  in  height.  So  that  Amenothes  II  was  taller' than  his  father,  Thoutmosis  III 
(1  m.  61 5 mill.)  and  his  son  Thoutmosis  IV  (1  m.  646  mill.).  He  has  wavy,  brown 
hair  (when  straightened  0 m.  17  cent,  long.)  like  that  of  his  son  and  successor 
Thoutmosis  IV ; but,  unlike  the  latter’s,  it  is  abundantly  interspersed  with  white  hair; 
and  there  is  a large  patch  of  baldness  over  the  upper  occipital  and  parietal  regions. 
These  facts,  together  with  the  evidence  of  the  well-worn  teeth,  indicate  that 
Amenothes  II  was  a much  older  man  than  Thoutmosis  IV.  There  are  however,  no 
data  to  enable  us  to  estimate  with  any  precision  the  age  Amenothes  II  had  reached ; 
but  from  his  general  appearance  he  was  probably  somewhere  between  forty  and 
fifty  years  old  at  the  lime  of  his  death. 

There  is  a most  striking  resemblance  in  face  and  cranial  form  between  Amenothes  II 
and  Thoutmosis  IV,  in  spite  of  the  fact  that  the  general  appearance  of  strength  and 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


37 


decision  of  character  in  the  face  of  the  former  are  in  marked  contrast  to  the  effemi- 
nate weakness  of  the  latter.  The  shape  of  the  head,  with  its  curious  sloping  forehead 
and  slender  but  prominent  nose , is  identical  in  these  two  pharaohs. 

On  various  parts  of  the  body,  and  especially  the  legs,  there  are  gashes  produced  by  the 
axes  of  plunderers  when  chopping  through  the  wrappings. 

The  well-worn  teeth  are  in  a good  state  of  preservation.  In  this  respect  they  present 
a marked  contrast  to  those  of  his  grandson , Ameno- 
thes  III,  which  are  badly  affected  with  dental  caries, 
to  alveolar  abscesses,  which  had  riddled  the 

jaws. 

Like  all  other  known  adult  Egyptian  men  Amenothes  II 
was  circumcised. 

His  arms  were  in  the  position  customary  in  the  mummies 
of  kings  of  the  XVIIIth  (after  Thoutmosis  I**)  XIXth 
and  XXth  dynasties , i.  e.  the  upper  arms  were  placed 
vertically  at  the  sides  and  the  forearms  were  crossed 
over  the  chest,  but  in  a much  lower  situation  than 

Diagram  5. 

usual. 

The  right  forearm  is  placed  in  front  of  the  left  and  is  almost  horizontal  : the  right 
hand  is  tightly  clenched,  with  the  thumb  extended  : unlike  most  of  the  royal 
mummies  of  this  period  Amenothes  II  had  no  staff  in  his  right  hand  and  in  his  left 

there  was  no  room  for  anything  of  a larger  dia- 
meter than  a common  lead-pencil;  and  there  is 
no  sign  of  even  this  space  having  been  occupied 
by  any  object.  The  fingers  of  the  left  hand  were 
not  clenched  so  tightly  as  those  of  the  right 
hand. 

The  skin  over  the  whole  body  is  thickly  studded 
with  small  projections  or  tubercles  varying  from 
o m.  00  2 mill,  to  o m.  008  mill,  in  diameter. 
At  present  I am  unable  to  determine  whether 
they  are  the  results  of  some  disease  or  merely 
the  effects  of  the  embalmer’s  salt-bath , hut  they 
are  certainly  unusual. 

In  Mr.  Howard  Carter’s  photographs 
[op.  cit.  supra ) several  pieces  of 
Diagram  6.  resin -soaked  linen  will  be  seen 

adhering  to  the  nose  and  nfouth  and  hiding  the  features  of  the  face.  As 
these  fragments  served  no  useful  purpose  and  interfered  with  a view  Diagram  7. 
of  Amenothes’  countenance  I removed  them  on  October  19th,  1907. 

In  the  resin  covering  the  fifth  dorsal  spine  there  is  the  distinct  impression  of  a series 
of  beads  arranged  in  the  pattern  of  the  well-known  pectoral  ornament  (Dia- 
gram 7). 


38 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


On  the  back  of  the  sacrum  there  was  a geometrical  pattern  ( Diagram  8 ) impressed 
on  the  resin.  There  is  no  trace  whatsoever  of  the  objects  which 
produced  these  imprints  on  the  surface. 

The  pudenda  were  pushed  in  against  the  perineum  and  [embedded 
in  a great  mass  of  resinous  paste,  which  was  spread  over  the  whole 
perineal  region. 

Diagram  8.  The  following  figures  will  give  some  idea  of  the  proportions  of  the  head. 


Maximum  length  of  head 191  mill. 

Maximum  breadth  of  head  (with  hair)  1 hU 

Minimum  frontal  breadth 90 

Auricular  height lot 

Circumference . . . * 538 

Bizygomatic  breadth t34 

Total  facial  height is4 

Upper  facial  height 70 

Nasal  height 58 

Nasal  breadth 3 1 

Space  between  inner  canthi 3i 

Left  orbit 47  x 3g.5 

Right  orbit 47  x 4 1 

Bigonial  breadth 100 


During  my  visit  to  Biban  el  Molouk  there  was  not  time  to  obtain  photographs  of 
Amenothes  II,  but  Mr  Weigall  and  I made  rough  sketches;  and  from  these  and 
Mr  Howard  Carters  photographs  (Annales,  op.  cit.  supra,  PI.  1 1 ) I have  drawn 
Diagrams  5,  6,  7 and  8.  The  nose  of  the  mummy  in  now  flattened.  In  the  diagram 
I have  indicated  by  dotted  lines  its  probable  contour  before  flattening. 

61070.  The  Elder  Woman  in  the  Tomb  of  Amenothes  II  (pi.  XGVII). 

The  general  appearance  of  the  three  mummies  found  in  room  III  by  M.  Loret  has  been 
very  accurately  and  realistically  shown  in  the  excellent  drawing  by  M.  Fdlix  Guilmant 
[Les  iombeaux  de  Tholhmk  III  et  d’Amdnophis  II,  dans  le  Bulletin  de  I’Institut  igyptien, 
3'  s&ie,  n°  9 ann4e  1898  pi.  XI).  The  heads  of  these  three  mummies  are  represented 
in  the  photographs,  (pi.  XII,  XIII  and  XIV)  in  the  same  work. 

The  first  mummy  (M.  Loret’s  memoir,  op.  cit.,  p.  io3;  also  pi.  XII)  is  a small  (t  m. 
455  mill.)  middle-aged  woman  with  long(o  m.  3o  cent.),  brown,  wavy,  lustrous 
hair , parted  in  the  centre  and  falling  down  on  both  sides  of  the  head  on  to  the 
shoulders.  Its  ends  are  converted  into  numerous  apparently  natural  curls.  Her  teeth 
are  well-worn  but  otherwise  healthy.  The  sternum  is  completely  ankylosed.  She  has 
no  grey  hair. 

She  has  small  pointed  features. 

The  right  arm  is  placed  vertically-extended  at  the  side  and  the  palm  of  the  hand  is 
placed  flat  upon  the  right  thigh.  The  left  hand  was  tightly  clenched,  but  with  the 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


39 


thumb  fully  extended  : it  is  placed  in  front  of  the  manubrium  sterni,  the  forearm 
being  sharply  flexed  upon  the  brachium. 

On  the  under  surface  of  the  left  heel  there  is  an  elliptical  ulcer  (o  m.  022  mill.  X 0 m. 
012  mill.)  with  indurated  edges,  and  on  the  inner  surface  of  the  same  heel  a much 
larger  ulcer  (0  m.  0 kk  mill,  in  diameter)  of  the  same  nature.  These  wounds  have 
all  the  appearance  of  ante-mortem  injuries  with  inflammatory  reaction  around  the 
edges.  It  is  possible,  however,  that  if  they  were  done  immediately  after  death  the 
action  of  the  salt  bath  on  the  cut  edges  may  have  given  rise  to  the  appearance 
presented  by  these  ulcers.  In  some  other  mummies  of  women  I 
have  found  the  skin  cut  away  from  the  heel.  If  these  ulcers  were 
not  ante-mortem  they  were  certainly  done  before  the  embalming- 
process  was  completed,  because  the  linen  is  packed  into  them  and 
is  adherent  to  the  bone. 

The  whole  of  the  front  of  the  abdomen  and  part  of  the  thorax  is 
broken  away,  as  the  result  of  the  plunderers  work. 

As  in  the  mummy  of  Amenothes  II  the  perineum  was  thickly  plast- 
ered with  resin  in  the  form  of  a large  cake. 

The  rima  pudendi  is  widely  open  and  is  stuffed  with  linen  from 
the  inside  (from  the  pelvis).  The  resinous  paste  was  applied  to  the 
surface  of  this  linen  plug  and  to  the  skin-areas  surrounding  it. 

The  cranial  length  is  0 m.  177  mill.;  cranial  breadth,  0 m.  1 3 5 
mill.;  minimal  frontal  breadth,  0 m.  091  mill.;  auricular  height , 
o m.  1 14  mill.;  total  facial  height,  0 m.  107  mill.;  upper  facial 
height,  0 m.  062  mill.;  bizygomatic  breadth,  o m.  121  mill.; 
bigonial  breadth , 0 m.  087  mill.;  nasal  height  and  breadth  (alar) , 0 m.  o5o  mill, 
by  0 m.  027  mill.,  right  orbit,  o m.  0A2  x 0 m.  o3i  and  left  orbit,  0 m. 
o3g  x 0 m.  o3 1. 

61071.  The  Mummy  of  the  Boy  in  the  Tomb  of  Amenothes  II,  probably  the 
Royal  Prince  Ouabkhousenou  (pi.  XCVIIl). 

The  second  mummy,  described  by  M.  Loret  {op.  cit.,  p.  io3)  as  ctcelui  dun  enfant 
d’une  quinzaine  d’ann^es n is  a small  boy  (1  m.  2A2  mill.)  whose  general  appear- 
ance is  suggestive  of  an  age  of  about  nine  or  ten  years  : but  as  permanent  canine 
teeth  are  present  and  fully  grown  he  cannot  be  less  than  eleven  years  of  age  (see 
Loret,  pi.  XII). 

Although  M.  Loret  distinctly  refers  to  this  mummy  as  that  of  a prince  certain  writers 
have  called  it  the  body  of  a girl.  The  hair  has  been  shaved  from  the  greater  part 
of  this  boy’s  scalp  : but  on  the  right  side  of  his  head  (corresponding  roughly  to  the 
extent  of  the  right  parietal  bone)  the  hair  has  not  been  cut  and  forms  a great,  long, 
wavy,  lustrous  mass  (0  m.  275  mill,  long),  which  from  the  nature  of  its  waviness 
was  probably  plaited  at  some  time  (see  Loret’s  pi.  XIII). 


40 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUStfE  DU  CAIRE. 


It  is  particularly  interesting  to  note  that  this  boy  of  eleven  years  of  age,  who  still 
wears  the  Horus-lock  of  hair,  is  not  circumcised.  His  ears  are  pierced. 

Both  hands  are  placed  in  front  of  the  pudenda  (see  Loret’s  pi.  XI)  : the  left  hand  is 
flexed,  but  the  thumb  is  extended;  and  the  right  hand  is  fully  extended,  with  the 
exception  of  the  small  finger,  which  is  flexed. 

The  chief  damage  done  by  the  plunderers  consists  of  a large  gash  in  the  left  side  of 
the  neck  and  thorax , smashing  away  the  greater  part  of  the  left  clavicle , the  gla- 
diolus and  half  of  the  manubrium  sterni.  There  is  also  a large  oval  hole  (o  m. 
07  cent,  x o m.  01  cent.)  in  the  right  side  of  the  frontal  bone. 

When  the  embalmers  were  opening  the  cranial  cavity  by  means  of  an  instrument 
passed  up  through  the  nose  the  aperture  was  made  not  through  the  ethmoid  but 
through  the  sphenoid  into  the  sella  turcica.  The  mass  of  brain  and  resin  in  the  cra- 
nial cavity  forms  a perfect  mould  of  the  occipital  fossae  and  the  groove  for  the 
superior  longitudinal  sinus  turning  into  the  right  lateral  sinus. 

The  head  of  this  boy  is  beloid,  its  length  0 m.  18a  mill. , its  breadth  0 m.  1/17  mill, 
and  its  minimum  frontal  diameter  0 m.  091  mill. 

The  material  obtained  from  the  cranial  cavity  of  this  mummy  has  been  analysed  by 
Mr.  A.  Lucas  ( Preservative  Materials  used  by  the  Ancient  Egyptians  in  Embalming, 
Survey  Department  Paper,  n°  1a,  191 1,  p.  i3). 

This  boy  presents  an  extraordinary  likeness  to  a beautiful  statue  of  the  god  Khonsou , 
discovered  at  Karnak,  which  has  been  described  by  M.  Maspero  in  the  Annales  du 
Service,  t.  Ill,  p.  181.  Not  only  does  the  god  wear  a Horus-lock  like  that  of  this 
prince,  but  the  statue  is  characterised  also  by  his  exceptional  brachycephalism. 

In  view  of  the  evidence  for  the  relationship  of  this  boy  to  Amenothes  II  ( vide  infra),  it 
is  of  interest  to  note  that  there  were  found  in  the  tomb  « statuettes  en  bois  du  roi 
et  de  plusieurs  divinitfe,  Rdpondanls  au  nom  d’Am&ioth&s  II  et  d’un  prince  royal 
Ouabkhousenou»  (Guide  du  Visiteur). 

61072.  The  Mummy  of  the  Younger  Woman  in  the  Tomb  of  Amenothes  II 
(pi.  XCIX). 

The  examination  of  this  mummy  yielded  the  most  surprising  results , because  M.  Loret 
had  described  it  as  a man’s  body,  whereas  it  requires  no  great  knowledge  of  ana- 
tomy to  decide  that  the  excellently  preserved  naked  body  (Loret’s  pi.  XI  and  XIV) 
is  a young  woman’s.  Every  later  writer  has  followed  Loret  in  his  description  of  this 
mummy  as  a man.  The  only  reason  I can  assign  for  such  a curious  and  obvious 
mistake  is  the  absence  of  hair  on  the  head.  All  the  hair  had  been  clipped  very  short 
or  shaved. 

The  mummy  is  a young  woman  (1  m.  58o  mill,  in  height),  less  than  a 5 years  of 
age.  As  it  is  not  possible  to  examine  the  epiphyses  without  damaging  the  mummy, 
the  exact  age  cannot  be  determined.  [In  the  remote  BiMn  el  Molouk , it  is  hardly 
feasible  to  examine  the  body  with  the  x-rays.]  Judging  from  the  condition  of  the 
iliac  bones  and  the  fact  that  the  third  molar  teeth  are  not  erupted,  the  above 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


41 


estimate  has  been  made.  The  embalming  wound  is  a large  gaping  oval  opening 
(o  m.  1 45  mill,  x o m.  o56  mill.)  placed  alongside  Poupart’s  ligament  in  the  same 
situation  as  those  of  Amenothes  II,  Thoutmosis  IV  and  Amenothes  III.  As  in  these 
mummies  the  abdomen  was  stuffed  with  balls  of  linen  soaked  in  a solution  of  resin. 
As  in  the  other  mummies  left  in  this  tomb  a large  mass  of  resin  was  spread  over  the 
whole  perineum.  Both  in  this  mummy  and  in  the  other  woman  (n°  61070)  the 
rima  pudendi  was  widely  open  and  plugged  from  the  inside  with  linen , on  the 
surface  of  which  the  perineal  mass  of  resin  was  smeared. 

In  this  mummy  (as  also  in  another  mummy  said  to  be  contemporaneous  with 
Amenothes  II , which  Mr.  Weigall  permitted  me  to  examine)  the  diaphragm  had 
not  been  removed  : but  a small  aperture  had  been  made  in  it  opposite  each  side  of 
the  thorax  for  the  purpose  of  removing  the  lungs,  the  heart  and  the  mediastina 
being  left  intact.  Only  the  abdominal  cavity  was  packed  with  linen  (soaked  in  resi- 
nous solution),  but  great  buttons  of  linen  projected  upwards  into  the  thorax  through 
the  apertures  in  the  diaphragm. 

Two  small  perforations  are  found  in  the  lobule  of  the  left  ear.  The  right  ear  is  broken. 

The  tomb-robbers  smashed  the  anterior  wall  of  the  chest,  leaving  a large  gaping 
wound  in  which  the  upper  surface  of  the  diaphragm  is  seen.  The  heart  and  peri- 
cardium have  shrunk  into  the  form  of  a vertical  septum  in  the  chest  cavity.  The 
left  side  of  the  mouth  and  cheek,  including  the  corresponding  parts  of  the  jaws, 
was  also  broken  away. 

An  oval  opening  (0  m.  o38  x 0 m.  o3o)  was  made  in  the  frontal  bone  just  in  front 
of  the  coronal  suture.  The  right  arm  was  torn  off  just  below  the 
shoulder.  In  my  notes,  hurriedly  made  during  my  short  visit  to  the 
tomb  of  Amenothes  II , I find  no  further  reference  to  this  arm  : but 
these  remarks  occur,  k hands  in  front  of  thighs a,  and  « along  with 
these  three  mummies  there  is  the  well-preserved  right  forearm  of  a 
woman,  which  had  been  flexed  at  the  elbow  a,  and  «the  hand  was 
clasped  n. 

The  technique  of  embalming  displayed  in  this  mummy  and  the  other 
two  (n°*  61070  and  61071)  associated  with  it  is  precisely  similar 
to  that  of  Amenothes  II.  There  can  be  no  doubt  that  these  individuals 
were  contemporaries  of  his;  and  as  they  were  placed  in  his  tomb, 
the  obvious  presumption  is  that  they  were  royal  personages  and 
members  of  his  family  . 

The  face  of  the  elder  woman  (n°  61070)  presents  an  undoubted  like- 
ness to  Nofritari;  and  the  younger  woman  (n“  61072)  has  the 

• ■ pi  11  J pi  . , . , . Diagram  10. 

projection  ot  the  alveolar  process  of  the  upper  jaw,  which  is  such 
a constant  and  distinctive  trait  of  the  royal  family  of  the  XVIII0*  Dynasty. 

The  features  of  the  boy  present  a considerable  likeness  to  the  beautiful  portrait-statue 
(n°  /12073)  of  Amenothes  II  in  his  youth  (see  M.  Legrain’s  Statues  el  statuettes  de 
Rois  et  de  Particuliers , Catalogue  g4n4ral,  1906,  pi.  XL1II).  The  natural  assumption 
is  that  this  prince  is  the  son  of  Amenothes  II. 


Catal.  du  Muie'e,  n°  6io5i. 


6 


42 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSEE  DU  CAIRE. 


In  the  accompanying  text-figure  the  proportions  of  the  body  are  shown  in  a drawing 
made  to  scale  : pubes  to  vertex,  o m.  809  mill.;  pubes  to  sole,  o m.  778  mill.; 
thigh  (from  pubes  to  lower  end  of  femur)  being  0 m.  359  mill.,  and  the  rest  of 
the  leg,  0 m.  4g6  mill;  bihumeral  diameter,  0 m.  373  mill.;  bicoracoid  diameter, 
0 m.  975  mill.;  transverse  diameter  of  thorax,  0 m.  998  mill.;  bi-iliac  diameter, 
0 m.  979  mill.;  bitrochanteric  diameter,  0 m.  978  mill.;  shoulder  to  elbow,  o m. 
307  mill.;  suprasternal  notch  to  vertex,  0 m.  975  mill.;  and  chin  to  vertex, 
0 m.  900  mill. 

The  cranium  is  beloid  in  form,  0 m.  176  mill,  in  length,  and  0 m.  i4i  mill,  in 
breadth,  the  minimal  frontal  breadth  is  o m.  094  mill.;  auricular  height,  0 m. 
1 1 9 mill.;  circumference  0 m.  5oo  mill.;  total  facial  height,  0 m.  1 1 9 mill. ; upper 
facial  height,  0 m.  073;  bizygomatic  diameter,  0 m.  199  mill.;  bigonial  diameter, 
0 m.  097  mill.;  and  nasal  height  and  breadth,  om.  o56  mill,  and  o m.  095  mill. 


61073.  The  Mummy  of  Thoutmosis  IV  (pi.  XXIX  and  XXX). 

M.  Daressy’s  proems- verbal  of  the  unwrapping  of  this  mummy,  is  published  in  the 
Annales  du  Service;  1 quote  in  his  own  words. 
sLe  96  mars  1903,  a deux  heures  de  Tapres-midi,  dans  une  des  salles  du  Mus^e  des 
antiques  egyptiennes  au  Gaire,  par  les  soins  de  M.  Maspero,  directeur  g<5n&ral  des 
Musses  ^gyptiens  et  du  Service  des  Fouilles,  de  M.  6.  Brugsch  bey,  conservateur  du 
Mus£e  et  M.  Daressy,  conservateur  adjoint,  il  a ete  proc4d4  a Touverture  de  la 
momie  du  roi  Thoutmosis  IV. 

«La  momie  avait  £te  extraite  de  son  cercueil,  peint  en  blanc  et  portant  sur  le  devant 

i'inscriptionq,-^  ,j  J [|i|]  _ tf 


— - IN  (SEED  _ 1°  1'  ,ifc0UV'!r,  P" 

M.  Loret,  en  1898,  dans  le  tombeau  d’Am^nothes  II  a Biban  el  Molouk,  et  apportd 
en  1900  au  Musfe  du  Caire,  ou  il  est  inscrit  sous  le  n°  34 5 5 9. 

« Le  corps  reposait  sur  une  planche  peinte  en  blanc  des  deux  cotes , provenant  dvidem- 
ment  d’un  grand  coffre  rectangulaire  et  dont  les  angles  avaient  4t£  coupes  de  maniere 
a pouvoir  entrer  dans  la  cuve. 

« La  longueur  de  la  momie  enpnaillot4e  4tait  de  1 m.  7 1 cent. , elle  dtait  enticement 
recouverte  d’un  grand  linceul  en  toile  jaunie,  pli^e  en  deux,  nou£  sous  les  pieds. 
Sur  la  poitrine  le  cartouche-prtinom  du  Pharaon  Cait  trac4  en  grands  signes  hi4ra- 

tiques  a Tencre  bleue,  qui  se  transcrivent  ( © IWIIII>  % • La  partie  superieure  du 

linceul  Cait  maintenue  par  une  large  bandelette  qui  entourait  le  front  et  passait  du 
cou  au  buste  en  croisant  sur  le  haul  de  la  poitrine.  Le  linceul  ne  faisait  pas  corps 
avec  le  maillot  et  £tait  tendu  de  la  poitrine  aux  pieds,  laissant  un  vide  au-dessus  des 
jambes. 

« Ensuite  on  trouva  un  rtiseau  de  bandelettes , m41ang4  de  petites  compresses  de  linge 
froiss4,  repr4sentant  quatre  ou  cinq  4paisseurs,  puis  on  rencontra  un  suaire 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


63 


enveloppant  incompl&tement  le  corps , les  bords  en  avant  dtant  dloign£s  d’environ  huit 
centimetres,  mais  reli6  par  un  cordon  compose  de  petits  morceaux  de  toile  noues 
bout  h bout,  passant  cinq  fois  d’une  lisiere  A I'autre  a travers  des  trous  pratiques 
- irr4guli&rement.  Immediatement  au-dessous  une  serviette  teinte  en  rose  couvrait  le 
buste,  un  grand  linge  le  reste  du  corps,  puis  recommengait  une  serie  de  bandelettes 
et  de  tampons  d’etoffe;  tout  ce  linge  etait  de  grosseur  moyenne,  jauni,  tache  ou 
bride  par  le  bitume. 

«La  t4te  etait  maintenue  par  un  fort  lien  de  toile  tordue,  allant  entourer  le  haul  des 
bras.  On  ne  rencontra  ni  couche  de  bitume,  ni  poudres  absorbantes,  ni  aucun 
objet. 

«Enfin  le  corps  apparut,  en  bon  etat  sauf  les  pieds  qui  sont  desarticules.  Les  bras  sont 
croises  sur  la  poitrine;  les  mains  fermees  tenaient  probablement  des  embl&mes  qui 
ont  disparu.  La  peau  a ete  noircie  par  le  bitume.  II  est  evident  que  nous  n’avions 
pas  remmaillolement  primitif,  et  que  1’appareil  funeraire  avait  ete  refait  par  les 
pr4tres  charges  de  la  surveillance  des  tombes  royales  longtemps  apr&s  1’enseve- 
lissement  et  sans  beaucoup  de  soins.  La  t£te  est  belle  et  expressive;  les  dents  ne  sont 
pas  visibles,  mais  s’il  fallait  en  juger  par  Taspect  general,  on  serait  tente  de  croire 
que  le  roi  s^vait  une  trentaine  d’ann4es.  C*est  14  toutefois  un  criterium  trop  incertain 
pour  qu’il  faille  s’y  fier.  La  longueur  de  la  momie  est  de  1 m.  68  cent. , ce  chiffre  est 
trop  fort  et  il  ne  donne  pas  la  taille  reelle  du  Pharaon,  les  jambes  ayant  ete  brisees, 
ainsi  qu’il  a ete  dit  plus  haut.  L’examen  medical  pourra  seul  donner  une  evaluation 
exacte. » 

The  body  is  that  of  an  extremely  emaciated  man,  1 m.  646  in  height.  It  shows  no  sign 
of  any  ante-mortem  injuries. 

Both  feet  have  been  broken  off  at  some  time,  long  after  the  body  was  embalmed;  and 
the  right  leg  was  broken  off  at  the  knee  joint.  A transverse  abrasion  on  the  front  of 
the  neck  may  have  been  produced  at  the  same  time  as  these  other  injuries.  For 
surposes  of  embalming  the  abdominal  wall  had  been  removed  in  the  whole  of  the 
left  iliac  and  part  of  the  hypogastric  regions,  leaving  a large  triangular  opening 
measuring  o m.  5o  cent,  transversely,  o m.  10  cent,  in  the  vertical  direction  and 
o m.  i4  cent,  along  the  third  margin,  which  was  parallel  to  and  just  above 
Poupart’s  ligament.  The  whole  abdominal  cavity  was  tightly  packed  with  cloth  satu- 
rated with  resinous  material,  which  formed  a very  hard  solid  mass. 

The  body  was  lying  in  a fully-extended  position.  The  shoulders  were  slightly  raised  : 
the  upper  arms  were  placed  vertically,  and  the  forearms  were  crossed  on  the  front 
of  the  chest,  the  right  arm  being  in  front  of  the  left.  The  hands  were  flexed  in  such 
a manner  that  they  must  (at  the  time  of  embalming)  have  been  grasping  vertical 
rods,  each  about  o m.  i5  mill,  diameter. 

The  skin  is  very  dark  and  discoloured,  so  that  it  is  not  possible  to  form  any  accurate 
idea  of  its  original  colour. 

The  head  has  a very  effeminate  appearance.  The  face  is  long,  narrow  and  oval,  the 
chin  being  narrow,  prominent  and  somewhat  pointed.  The  forehead  has  a marked 
slope.  The  nose  is  small  and  straight,  and  narrow  and  aquiline  in  shape.  The  lips 


6. 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


44 


are  thin.  In  norma  verticals  the  head  presents  the  form  called  w beloides  aegyptiacusn 
by  Sergi.  The  ears  are  well-moulded,  with  free  lobules,  which  are  pierced. 

The  hair  of  the  head  is  wavy,  about  o m.  16  cent,  long,  and  is  of  a dark  reddish-brown 
(henna-colour)  tint  : it  has  the  appearance  of  having  been  parted  in  front  slightly 
to  the  left  of  the  middle  line,  but  elsewhere  is  matted  together  in  a hopeless  tangle 
of  thick  locks.  Examined  microscopically,  the  hair  was  found  to  be  dark  brown , and 
its  surface  was  studded  with  masses  of  dark  foreign  matter  (embalming  material). 

The  eye-brows  were  moderately  thick,  and  met  across  the  middle  line,  by  means  of 
a thinner  group  of  hairs  on  the  bridge  of  the  nose. 

The  moustache  and  beard  were  closely  shaved.  It  was  possible  to  recognize  the  cut 
ends  of  a fairly  thick  moustache , which  was  most  dense  at  the  angles  of  the  mouth. 
There  was  also  a thick  patch  of  hair  in  front  of  and  coextensive  with  the  auditory 
pinna;  but  over  the  masseteric  and  buccal  regions  the  hair  was  very  scanty.  It  was 
impossible  to  find  any  trace  of  hair  on  the  polished  chin  or  on  the  lower  lip  : nor 
was  any  hair  visible  on  the  neck.  Neither  on  the  limbs,  thorax,  nor  on  the  pubic 
area  could  any  hair  be  detected. 

All  parts  of  the  surface  of  the  body  were  well-preserved,  including  the  genital  organs, 
which  appear  to  have  been  circumcised. 

As  the  body  had  every  appearance  of  being  that  of  a young  man,  a careful  examination 
of  the  left  ilium  (which  was  exposed  in  the  embalming-incision)  and  the  upper  end 
of  the  tibia  (exposed  in  the  broken  right  leg)  was  made,  and  other  parts  of  the  body 
were  examined  by  means  of  the  Rontgen-rays.  It  was  found  that  the  epiphysis  of 
the  crest  of  the  ilium  was  in  process  of  union , being  united  in  front  but  still  free 
behind.  This  seemed  to  indicate  that  the  body  was  that  of  a man  of  not  more  than 
2 5 years,  if  we  accept  the  statements  current  in  most  of  the  text-books  of  Anatomy. 
But  certain  authors  put  no  such  limit  on  the  obliteration  of  the  groove  between  the 
epiphysis  cristae  and  the  rest  of  the  bone.  Thus  in  Piersol’s  Human  Anatomy,  which 
was  published  three  years  after  (in  1907)  my  report  on  this  mummy  was  written, 
the  following  statement  occurs  : — «they  [the  secondary  centres  of  ossification  of 
the  innominate  bone]  are  fused  at  twenty,  excepting  perhaps,  that  for  the  crest  of 
the  ilium,  the  union  of  which  may  be  delayed;  the  suture  marking  its  presence  is 
one  of  the  last  in  the  body  to  disappears  (p.  337). 

The  innominate  bone  of  the  mummy  supposed  to  be  Amenothes  IV  (see  Diagram  1 1) 
is  in  precisely  the  same  state  as  that  of  Thoutmosis  IV;  and  all  the  reservations  I 
have  made  in  the  discussion  of  the  question  of  his  age  ( vide  infra ) apply  with  at 
least  as  much  force  to  the  case  of  Thoutmosis  IV. 

But  during  the  eight  years  that  have  elapsed  since  I examined  this  mummy,  and,  on 
the  assumption  that  the  data  given  in  all  the  text-books  of  Anatomy  in  reference  to 
this  matter  were  reliable,  estimated  his  age  as  2 5 years,  I have  examined  the  epi- 
physis of  the  iliac  crest  in  several  thousands  of  Egyptian  skeletons.  In  the  course 
of  this  investigation  I have  discovered  that  in  the  Ancient  Egyptians  it  was  no  uncom- 
mon event  for  the  union  of  the  posterior  end  of  the  epiphysis  cristae  to  be  delayed ; 
and  that  the  corresponding  part  of  the  sulcus  often  persisted  well  on  into  middle 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


45 


age.  Hence  at  the  present  moment  I feel  much  less  certain  of  the  youth  of  Thout- 
mosis  IV  than  I did  in  1 9 o 3 before  I had  learned  to  distrust  the  data  given  so  posi- 
tively in  treatises  on  Anatomy. 

In  the  skiagrams  of  this  mummy,  that  were  taken  by  Dr.  Khayat  in  1 903,  the  epiphysis 
of  the  vertebral  border  of  the  scapula  appears  to  be  separate.  One  cannot  decide  a 
question  of  this  kind  on  the  impression  of  a somewhat  hazy  shadow  : but  so  far  as 
it  goes  appearances  support  the  low  estimate  of  age,  even  if  we  accept  Testut’s  date 
for  the  union  of  this  epiphysis  [vide  infra  in  the  report  on  Amenothes  IV),  and 
thereby  extend  the  limit  to  a 8 years.  Judging  from  the  texture  of  the  bones  as 
revealed  by  the  X-rays  one  would  be  inclined  to  admit  that  Thoulmosis  IV  might 
possibly  have  been  even  older  than  this. 

When  a small  quantity  of  resinous  material  was  scraped  away  eight  of  the  upper  teeth 
were  exposed.  They  are  unworn,  white  and  in  excellent  condition.  None  of  the 
lower  teeth  are  visible,  and  it  is  clear  that  the  upper  incisors  projected  beyond 
the  lower  teeth,  as  we  have  seen  to  be  the  case  in  almost  every  member  of  the 
royal  family,  male  and  female,  throughout  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty. 

Thoutmosis  IV  presents  a striking  resemblance  to  Amenothes  II , but  the  latter  had  a 
more  virile  appearance  and  was  considerably  older. 

In  my  reconstruction  of  the  face  of  the  latter  (Diagram  5)  I may  have  unduly  exaggerated 
the  prominence  of  the  nose.  Perhaps  his  face  bore  an  even  stronger  likeness  to  the 
refined  outlines  of  Thoulmosis  IVth*  features  than  my  crude  sketch  suggests. 


Metre  mill. 

Height  of  body , i 646 

Height  of  chin 1 45a 

Height  of  shoulders 1 4io 

Height  of  suprasternal  notch 1 34o 

Height  of  umbilicus 1 o4o 


Maximum  frontal  breadth o og5 

Circumference  of  head o 537 

Length  of  nose o o55 

Breadth  of  nose ■ . . . o 039 

Vertical  projections  : 

Vertex  to  root'of  nose o 077 

Vertex  to  mouth o i45 

Vertex  to  chin o i85 

Vertex  to  tragus o 111 

Chin  to  glabella o lai 

Upper  lip  to  glabella o o83 . 5 

Biauricular  breadth ..  . ..  o i3o 

Bizygomatic  breadth o i3o 

Diameters  of  face  : 

External  orbital  breadth o 097 . 5 

Internal  orbital  breadth  (only  roughly) , ... . o oa8.5 


j o i84 

j o i43 


46 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


Metre  mill. 


Bigonial  breadth 
Ear  (pinna) 

[left  better 


Maximum  length. 
Maximum  breadth 


r.  o m.  o5a  mill. , /. 
r.  o m.  oa 4 mill.,  1. 


Biorbito- nasal  arc 

Breadth  of  shoulders 

Breadth  of  hips 

Breadth  at  iliac  crests 

Breadth  between  anterior  iliac  spines 

Axial  length  of  right  tibia 

Length  (with  malleolus)  of  right  tibia 

Length  from  prominence  of  great  trochanter  to  external  condyle 
(right  femur) 


o 

o 

o 

o 

o 

o 

o 

o 

o 

o 

o 


103 

o5a 

o3o 

n3 

38a 

370 

a65 

aoo 

376 

386 

44o 


Right  arm : 


Length  from  tip  of  acromion  to  external  condyle  of  humerus o 358 

Length  from  tip  of  acromion  to  olecranon o 363.5 

Length  from  external  condyle  to  radial  styloid o 377 


Length  of  foot  0 m.  oaa  mill.  3,  maximum  breadth  0 m.  067  mill.; 
first  and  second  toes  same  length. 

In  deleting  the  background  in  the  photograph  from  which  Plate  XXIX  was  made  the 
engraver  has  left  a large  black  mass  on  the  postero-inferior  aspect  of  the  head, 
which  makes  it  look  more  effeminate  than  is  really  the  case,  because  the  black  area 
looks  like  a chignon  of  hair. 


61074.  The  Mummy  of  Amenothes  III  (pi.  XXXI,  XXXII,  XXXIII,  XXXIV,  XXXV, 
G,  Cl,  CII  and  CIII). 

This  is  one  of  the  mummies  discovered  in  1898,  by  M.  Loret,  in  the  tomb  of 
Amenothes  II.  It  was  contained  in  a coffin  upon  the  lid  of  which  the  king’s  name 
was  painted  (pi.  XXXI),  as  well  as  records  of  inspections  of  the  mummy  in  the  reigns 
of  the  priest -kings.  Upon  the  shroud  (as  well  as  the  bandages  surrounding  the 
mummy)  there  is  a long  hieratic  inscription  in  ink  written  vertically.  It  is  shown  in 
plate  XXX11,  in  situ  on  the  mummy  in  fig.  i,  and  on  a larger  scale  in  fig.  2 (which 
has  been  printed  upside  down);  and  various  parts  of  the  inscription  are  reproduced 
upon  a still  larger  scale  in  plates  C,  Cl,  CII  and  CIII.  With  the  assistance  of  Dr.  Maynard 
Pain  I removed  the  wrappings  from  this  mummy  on  September  23rd,  1905. 

There  were  some  fragments  of  broken  garlands  lying  upon  the  mummy.  Two  of  these 
can  be  seen  in  fig.  1 (pi.  XXXII)  lying  on  the  left  side  of  the  neck,  and  another 
a little  above  the  midpoint  of  the  left  side  of  the  body. 

There  were  six  bands  encircling  the  body  and  holding  in  position  the  shroud.  Upon 
the  latter,  as  well  as  on  the  retaining  bandages,  an  inscription  had  been  made  in 
ink  after  the  process  of  wrapping  the  mummy  was  completed.  The  inscription  extends 
longitudinally.  It  is  seen  in  situ  in  fig.  1,  plate  XXXII,  and  on  a larger  scale  in  fig.  2. 
In  order  to  obtain  the  latter,  sharply-focussed  reproduction  of  the  writing , I pinned 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


47 


on  to  the  shroud  those  parts  of  the  circular  bandages  that  were  inscribed  and  then 
cut  out  the  whole  of  the  inscription,  and  pinned  the  sheet  of  linen  upon  a flat 
board.  The  photograph  is  reproduced  as  fig.  a , which  unfortunately  is  shown  upside 
down.  In  plates  C,  Cl,  CII  and  GUI,  the  writing  is  shown  upon  a still  larger  scale. 

Underneath  the  shroud  there  was  a longitudinal  strip  of  very  soft  bandage  which 
extended  the  whole  length  of  the  body.  Beneath  this  a small  sheet  was  wrapped 
around  the  upper  three-fourths  of  the  body,  and  was  tied  to  the  last  mentioned 
bandage  behind  the  head. 

A bandage  starling  on  the  left  side  of  the  foot  was  wound  in  a circular  manner  around 
the  ankles,  and  then  spirally  up  the  legs,  where  its  end  was  intertwined  with,  but 
not  tied  to,  another  bandage,  which  continued  the  spiral  course  upward  as  far  as 
the  pelvis.  A bandage,  starting  at  the  back  of  the  neck,  passed  twice  around  the 
head,  and  then  obliquely  across  the  chest  to  the  right  hip,  across  the  back  to  the 
left  hip  and  then  obliquely  upward  in  front  to  end  on  the  right  shoulder. 

A tasseled  bandage,  beginning  at  the  right  hip,  passed  circularly  around  the  hips  and 
abdomen  to  end  in  front  of  the  chest,  where  a similar  strip  began  and  invested  the 
thorax  and  shoulders. 

The  next  to  be  removed  began  on  the  right  hip  and  passed  around  the  pelvis  and  thighs, 
where  another  bandage  began  and  passed  spirally  down  the  legs  as  far  as  the  ankles. 

The  next  began  behind  the  left  shoulder,  passed  once  around  the  shoulders  and  then 
behind  the  neck,  where  its  end  was  intertwined  with  the  end  of  a bandage,  which 
was  wound  spirally  around  the  head  and  ended  upon  the  right  side  of  the  face. 
There  another  bandage  began  and  passed  spirally  around  the  head  in  the  opposite 
direction  to  end  on  the  back  of  the  head,  where  another  began  and  passed  around  the 
head  and  shoulders  to  end  in  front  of  the  right  shoulder. 

The  next  bandage  began  upon  the  right  side  of  the  head  and  passed  around  the  head, 
its  end  being  intertwined,  in  front  of  the  face,  with  another  bandage  wound  around 
the  head. 

The  next  two  bandages  encircled  the  head,  the  deeper  one  being  intertwined  with  the 
end  of  a large  sheet,  upon  which  the  body  had  been  laid  and  the  sides  of  the  sheet 
pulled  up  in  front  of  the  body,  where  however  they  did  not  meet.  The  ends  were 
collected  into  bunches,  above  the'head  and  below  the  feet  respectively,  where  they 
were  tied  with  strings  of  bandage. 

Beneath  this  sheet  there  was  a ragged  bandage  of  soft  muslin  wound  in  a loose  spiral 
around  the  body  from  the  head  to  the  hips.  Then  there  was  a loose  sheet  of  cloth 
wrapped  once  round  the  middle  of  the  body ; and  a sheet  of  linen , with  squares 
marked  upon  it  in  red  ink,  was  found  placed  in  front  of  the  legs. 

Then  another  bandage  wound  around  the  legs  spirally  down  to  the  feet  and  then  back 
again  beyond  the  knees.  There  were  pieces  of  pebble  in  this  bandage. 

Then  a narrow  strip  of  bandage  tied  around  the  feet  held  in  position  a large  sheet , 
folded  many  times  and  investing  the  whole  body. 

Under  it  was  another  sheet,  folded  many  times,  covering  the  front  of  the  body,  exclu- 
sive of  the  head  and  feet. 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUStfE  DU  CAIRE. 


48 


Then  a number  of  rolls  of  bandage  were  found  in  front  of  the  body,  apparently  left 
there  inadvertently. 

Then  there  were  two  spirally-wound  bandages  surrounding  the  body  from  hips  to 
shoulders,  held  in  position  by  a loosely -applied  figure-of-8  bandage  around  the 
chest  and  shoulders.  Then  there  was  another  figure-of-8  bandage  around  hips  and 
shoulders,  underneath  some  of  the  folds  of  which  there  were  some  loose  cloths, 
pads  of  linen  and  fragments  of  black  resinous  material  containing  scraps  of  bone,  no 
douht  parts  of  the  mummy. 

Then  two  bandages,  wound  spirally  around  the  head,  were  removed;  and  another  from 
the  legs. 

Then  a large  sheet  spread  in  front  of  the  body  was  exposed  : and  under  it  a folded 
sheet  in  front  of  the  head  and  another  covering  the  front  of  the  body,  held  in  position 
by  a bandage  around  the  feet  and  ankles. 

A circular  bandage  passing  around  thorax , abdomen  and  hips , held  in  position  two 
inscribed  cloths,  one  a torn  sheet  with  hieroglyphs  in  black  ink  and  red  lines,  and 
another  with  red  lines  only. 

A bandage  wound  spirally  around  the  head  and  neck  bore  a hieratic  inscription  in 
black  ink. 

A sheet  of  cloth  saturated  with  some  gum-like  material  was  placed  in  front  of  the  face. 

A large  sheet  placed  in  front  of  the  body  was  held  in  position,  below  by  a bandage 
around  the  ankles,  above  by  being  gummed  to  deeper-lying  wrappings. 

Linen  pads  on  the  feet  were  fixed  in  position  by  means  of  a figure-of-8  bandage  around 
the  ankles  and  feet.  V. 

A bandage , beginning  on  the  front  of  the  hips , passed  spirally  around  the  thighs  and 
lower  part  of  the  abdomen,  and  then  vertically  up  the  left  side  over  the  head  to  the 
right  shoulder  (where  it  was  overlapped  by  a turn  of  the  bandage  described  next 
but  one  after  this),  and  then  described  two  figures-of-8  around  shoulders  and  chest. 

A bandage  wound  spirally  around  thighs  and  legs  was  then  removed  : and  then  a 
brittle,  gum-saturated  spirally-wound  bandage  was  unwound  from  the  head,  neck 
and  thorax. 

Then  was  exposed  a longitudinal  sheet  of  cloth  extending  from  the  feet  to  the  face.  Its 
lower  end  was  split,  one  half  passing  on  each  side  of  the  feet,  below  which  they 
were  intertwined.  The  upper  end  of  this  bandage  was  also  split,  one  half  passing 
on  each  side  of  the  head;  and  the  two  were  tied  above  the  head,  thus  fixing  it  in 
position , for  it  had  been  broken  off  the  body  by  the  tomb-robbers. 

Another  bandage  spirally  wound  around  the  legs  was  then  removed  and  the  remains  of 
the  mummy  itself  were  exposed.  In  front  of  the  feet  was  a large  roller  bandage, 
which  had  been  used  as  a pad  to  take  the  place  of  the  missing  toes.  Part  of  this 
bandage  (the  roller)  was  wound  around  the  ankles  which  served  to  hold  the  unrolled 
part  in  position. 

Numerous  short  bandages  of  varied  textures  and  loose  scraps  of  linen  were  scattered  in 
front  of  the  body. 

[In  this  account  I have  been  describing  the  bandages  as  I took  them  off,  t.  e.,  those 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


49 


that  were  applied  last  were  described  first,  and  of  course  I began  the  unrolling  of  a 
bandage  where  the  bandager  finished.  ] 

When  the  body  was  eventually  exposed  (pi.  XXXIII)  it  was  found  to  have  been  most 
severely  damaged  by  the  ancient  grave-robbers. 

The  head  was  broken  off  (pi.  XXXIV  and  XXXV);  and  practically  all  the  soft  tissues  of 
the  head  were  gone  with  the  exception  of  the  part  of  the  scalp  that  lies  behind  the 
coronal  suture.  Almost  the  whole  of  the  front  wall  of  the  body  is  missing  and  the 
back  is  broken  across  the  loins. 

The  right  leg  is  broken  away  from  the  trunk  and  the  thigh  is  separated  from  the  rest 
of  the  leg.  All  of  the  right  metatarsal  and  phalangeal  bones  and  the  distal  row  of 
phalanges  of  the  left  foot  are  missing  (pi.  XXXIII). 

The  broken  fragments  of  the  body  were  held  together  by  means  of  three  bandages  tied 
around  them.  Among  the  lumps  of  resin-impregnated  linen  inside  the  body-cavity 
were  found  the  leg  bone  of  a fowl  and  another  bird’s  limb  bone , a human  great  toe , 
and  a left  ulnar  and  radius. 

The  bird-bones  were  obviously  parts  of  mummified  food-offerings  such  as  were  found 
in  most  royal  tombs  of  this  period. 

Although  it  was  a great  disappointment  to  find  only  these  broken  and  blackened  bones 
to  represent  the  body  of  Amenothes  «the  Magnificent the  study  of  the  remains 
revealed  certain  facts  of  singular  interest  to  the  student  of  the  history  of  embalming. 

For  the  attempt  had  been  made  to  restore  to  the  limbs  and  body  of  the  dead  Pharaoh 
some  semblance  of  the  form  these  parts  had  possessed  in  life,  but  had  lost  during 
the  earlier  stages  of  the  process  of  mummification.  This  was  accomplished  by  stuffing 
under  the  skin  of  the  legs,  arms,  neck,  and  perhaps  other  parts  of  the  body,  a 
resinous  mass,  which  was  moulded  into  form;  so  that  when  it  set,  the  members  of 
the  mummy  consisted  of  masses  of  stony  hardness  with  a covering  of  skin. 

Precisely  how  the  packing  material  was  inserted  under  the  skin  in  the  case  of  Ame- 
nothes III  is  unknown ; but  if  we  study  the  analogous  process  of  packing  that  was 
revived  three  dynasties  later  ( vide  infra ) we  shall  obtain  very  precise  information  as 
to  how  it  was  done  in  the  times  of  the  XXI“  and  XXIIni1  dynasties,  and  how  it  may 
have  been  done  in  the  case  of  Amenothes  III. 

A sample  of  the  packing  material  taken  from  Amenothes*  left  arm  was  examined  by 
Mr.  A.  Lucas,  Director  of  the  Government  Analytical  Laboratory  in  Cairo.  He  found 
it  to  consist  of  resin  mixed  with  i4.3  o/o  of  inorganic  matter,  of  which  7.5  0/0 
consisted  of  a mixture  of  the  carbonate,  sulphate  and  chloride  of  sodium,  i.  e.,  crude 
Egyptian  k natron  ». 

Resinous  material  such  as  this  is  not  known  to  have  been  employed  at  any  other  period 
for  packing  underneath  the  skin.  In  the  time  of  the  XXI"- XXIInd  dynasties,  linen, 
mud,  sand,  sawdust  or  cheese-like  substances  (mixtures  of  fat  and  soda)  wTere  the 
stuffing  materials  employed. 

In  no  mummy  earlier  than  that  of  Amenothes  III  is  there  any  evidence  to  indicate,  or 
even  to  suggest,  that  any  such  curious  procedure  was  put  into  practice;  and  as  I 
have  examined  the  mummies , not  only  of  Amenothes’  immediate  predecessors , but 


Catal.  du  Mu  tee  n°  6io5i. 


7 


50 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


also  of  his  wife’s  parents,  Yuaa  and  Thuaa,  without  finding  any  trace  of  stuffing  in 
the  limbs,  it  is  safe  to  conclude  that  this  addition  to  the  embalmers’  technique  was 
invented  at  or  near  the  close  of  the  reign  of  Amenothes  III , when  the  spirit  of  change 
was  rife  in  Thebes , and  the  old  conventions  in  the  Arts , as  well  as  in  worship , were 
being  overthrown.  Whether  or  not  the  bodies  of  the  XVIIIlh  dynasty  successors  of 
Amenothes  III  were  submitted  to  this  strange  process  of  packing  it  is  now  impossible 
to  say,  because  nothing  but  skeletons  of  same  of  them  have  come  down  to  us.  But 
we  do  know  that  none  of  the  Royal  Mummies  of  the  XIXtt  and  XXth  dynasties  were 
so  treated  : and  it  was  not  until  the  close  of  the  XXth  or  the  beginning  of  the  XXI*' 
dynasties  that  the  practice  was  revived , and  became  part  of  the  regular  routine  of 
mummification  during  the  XXI*1  and  XXIInd  dynasties. 

It  is  of  some  historical  interest  to  note  that  this  striking  innovation  must  necessarily 
have  been  put  into  practice  during  the  first  days  of  the  reign  of  Amenothes  IV, 
thereby  suggesting  that  the  spirit  of  reform  was  already  operating,  and  that  its 
inspiration  may  have  been  Ttyi  or  even  Amenothes  III,  rather  than  their  erratic  son. 

This  stuffing  of  material  under  the  skin  must  not  be  confused  with  the  process  of 
packing  the  cavity  of  the  body,  which  always  formed  part  of  the  process  of  embal- 
ming from  the  time  of  the  Ancient  Empire  until  Roman  times. 

Amenothes  III  was  almost  completely  bald,  having  only  scanty  hair  on  the  temples. 
The  temporal  parts  of  the  coronal  suture  were  obliterated.  The  teeth  however  were 
worn  only  to  a moderate  degree.  On  the  right  side , though  not  on  the  left  (pi.  XXXIV) , 
the  teeth  of  both  upper  and  lower  jaws  were  thickly  encrusted  with  tartar  : and 
there  had  been  an  extensive  alveolar  abscess  below  the  right  lower  incisors,  and  a 
smaller  one  above  the  right  upper  canine.  The  upper  incisor  teeth  had  been  lost 
before  the  death  of  Amenothes  and  the  alveolar  process  absorbed  in  part : the  right 
upper  lateral  incisor  had  been  recently  lost,  for  its  alveolus  and  the  perforation 
(facial)  of  a small  alveolar  abscess  are  still  present  (pi.  XXXV).  There  is  also  evidence 
of  suppuration  around  the  anterior  lateral  root  of  the  left,  lower,  first  molar.  [All  of 
these  points  can  be  verified  by  examining  plates  XXXIV  and  XXXV  with  a hand-lens]. 
The  cavity  of  the  mouth  is  still  occupied  by  a large  mass  of  resin , in  which  is 
embedded  the  left,  lower,  median  incisor,  which  must  have  fallen  out  of  its  socket 
after  the  body  was  embalmed  (pi.  XXXV). 

During  the  last  years  of  his  life  Amenothes  III  must  have  suffered  most  acutely  from 
tooth-ache  and  dental  abscesses. 

It  is  not  possible  to  form  any  precise  estimate  of  the  king’s  age  from  the  data  available. 
Whether  he  was  nearer  forty  or  fifty  years  must  remain  an  open  question.  The  skull 
is  large  and  pentagonoid,  with  moderate  superciliary  ridges  and  a fairly  prominent 
occiput.  The  face  is  a long,  narrow,  ovoid,  or,  when  the  resin  stuffing  of  the  cheeks 
is  taken  into  account  (see  pi.  XXXV),  ellipsoid  : the  orbits  are  small  and  slightly 
oblique  : the  nasal  skeleton  is  moderately  flat , like  those  of  the  Pharaoh’s  ancestors. 
The  chin  is  narrow  and  pointed;  the  mandible  low  and  slightly  built  : its  typically 
Egyptian  form  is  in  marked  contrast  to  the  equally  definitely  alien  shape  seen  in 
the  next  skeleton  to  be  discussed  (see  pi.  XXXVI  and  XXXVII). 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


51 


The  cranial  length  is  o m.  igA  mill.  : the  cranial  breadth  (not  including  sea  1P)1 
o m.  1 48  mill.  : circumference,  o m.  55o  mill.;  auricular  height,  om.  tt8  mill.; 
total  facial  height  (after  allowing  for  slight  separation  of  the  jaws),  o m.  i a a mill.; 
upper  facial  height,  o m.  o 7 3 mill.;  minimal  frontal  breadth,  0 m.  og5  mill.; 
bizygomatic  breadth,  0 m.  1 3 3 mill.;  bigonial  breadth,  o m.  09A  mill.;  nasal 
height,  0 m.  o53  mill.;  nasal  breadth,  0 m.  096  mill.;  interorbital  breadth, 
0 m.  027  mill.;  left  orbit,  0 m.  o3g  mill,  x o m.  o34  mill.  : right  orbit, 
0 m.  039  mill.  5 x o m.  o34  mill.  5 : and  chin-vertex  projection,  0 m.  210  mill. 

Amenolhes  III  was  1 m.  56 1 mill,  in  height. 

Small  pads  of  cloths,  saturated  with  some  gummy  material,  were  removed  from  the 
nostrils;  and  it  was  then  found  that  in  forcing  a passage  into  the  cranial  cavity  the 
nasal  septum  and  the  turbinate  ridges  had  been  completely  ablated , and  the  whole 
ethmoid  broken  away. 

The  arms  were  placed  in  positions  similar  to  those  already  described  in  the  cases  of 
Thoutmosis  II  and  his  successors. 

61075.  The  bones  of  a skeleton  supposed  to  be  that  0!  Amenothes  IV  (Khou- 
niatonou)  (pi.  XXXVI  and  XXXVII). 

In  January  1907,  during  the  course  of  the  excavations  in  the  BibAn  el  Molouk  sub- 
sidized by  Mr.  Theodore  M.  Davis,  a tomb  was  found  containing  a large  series  of 
objects,  some  of  which  had  obviously  been  part  of  the  furniture  of  Queen  Tiyi’s 
tomb,  and  others  equally  surely  had  come  from  the  tomb  of  her  son,  the  heretic 
king,  Khouniatonou  or  Akhenaten  (also  variously  transliterated  Ikhnaton,  Khuenaton 
and  in  many  other  spellings).  The  full  account  of  the  circumstances  of  the  discovery 
and  of  the  nature  of  the  objects  found  in  the  tomb  has  been  given  by  Mr.  Davis, 
M.  Maspero  and  others,  in  The  Tomb  of  Queen  Tiyx  (Theodore  M.  Davis’  Excavations  : 
BibAn  el  Moiftk , London,  1910). 

From  the  circumstances  under  which  the  coffin  and  the  human  remains  were  found , 
in  association  with  many  inscribed  objects  bearing  the  name  Khouniatonou,  which 
also  appeared  not  only  on  the  coffin  itself  but  also  on  the  gold  bands  encircling  the 
mummv,  there  can  no  longer  be  any  doubt  that  the  body  found  in  this  tomb  was 
either  that  of  the  heretic  king  or  was  believed  to  be  his  corpse  by  the  embalmers. 
Although  it  frequently  happened  ( vide  supra ) that  mummies  of  royal  personages 
were  placed  in  coffins  that  were  not  made  for  them,  it  must  be  remembered  that 
this  was  done  only  during  the  hasty  preparations  (in  the  XXI“  Dynasty)  for  removing 
them  to  a hiding  place  at  Delr  el  Bahari.  The  mummy  under  consideration,  however, 
was  not  rewrapped.  It  had  not  been  plundered,  but  was  found  in  its  original 
wrappings,  upon  which  were  gold  bands  bearing  the  name  of  Khouniatonou.  It  is 
hardly  credible  that  the  embalmers  of  the  Pharaoh’s  mummy  could  have  put  some 
other  body  in  place  of  it. 

Thus  we  have  the  most  positive  evidence  that  these  bones  are  the  remains  of  Khou- 
niatonou. 


7- 


52 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUStiE  DU  CAIRE. 


I do  not  suppose  that  any  unprejudiced  scholar  who  studies  the  archaeological  evidence 
alone  would  harbour  any  doubt  of  the  identity  of  this  mummy , if  it  were  not  for 
the  fact  that  it  is  difficult  from  the  anatomical  evidence  to  assign  an  age  to  this 
skeleton  sufficiently  great  to  satisfy  the  demands  of  most  historians,  who  want  at 
least  3o  years  into  which  to  crowd  the  events  of  Khouniatonou’s  eventful  reign. 

Under  these  circumstances  I must  set  forth  the  anatomical  evidence  in  greater  detail 
than  was  thought  desirable  in  The  Tomb  of  Queen  Tiyi,  from  which  Mr.  Davis 
requested  me  to  omit  all  technicalities. 

The  ages  assigned  by  different  anatomists  as  the  limes  when  the  epiphyses  join  and 
become  consolidated  present  a considerable  range  of  variation.  Hence,  in  the  pre- 
sent state  of  our  knowledge,  it  would  be  rash  and  altogether  unjustifiable  to  give 
in  figures  the  precise  age  of  a skeleton  without  making  the  reservation  that  it  might 
be  several  years  older  or  younger  than  the  estimate. 

This  will  appear  from  the  following  detailed  summary. 

Scapula  completely  ossified. 

Poirier  ( Traitd  £ Analomie  humaine,  par  Paul  Poirier  et  A.  Gharpy,  tome  I",  1 899 , p.  i3g) 
states  that  the  marginal  epiphyses  do  not  join  until  from  2 5 to  98  years  of  age  : 
according  to  Testut  ( Traili  d’A  natomie  humaine,  p.  aSg  they  pin  between  22  and 
2 5 years  : various  other  books  mention  no  to  2 5 years » or  before  2 5 years.  Thus 
the  evidence  of  the  completely  ossified  scapula  might  be  interpreted  as  meanin|  that 
the  individual  was  2 5 years  old  or  perhaps  more  than  2 8 years. 

The  vertebral  column  presents  the  following  conditions. 

The  first  three  vertebrae  are  completely  ossified. 

Thomson  ( Cunningham’s  Text  Book  of  Anatomy}  says  the  inferior  epiphysis  of  axis  joins 
body  at  2 5 years  : according  to  Piersol  (Human  Anatomy ) the  process  is  complete 
at  20  years  : according  to  Testut  between  20  and  2 5 years  (p.  87),  but  four  pages 
later  on,  in  the  same  treatise,  it  is  stated  that  the  ossification  of  the  vertebral  column 
progresses  with  extreme  slowness  and  is  not  complete  until  from  the  2 5th  to  the 
3 oth  years. 

Fourth  cervical  vertebra  : inferior  epiphysis  of  body  not  completely  fused. 

Fifth  cervical  vertebra  : same  condition. 

In  view  of  the  above  statements  this  condition  may  indicate  an  age  of  not  more  than 
3o  years,  or  than  2 5 or  even  20  years,  according  to  different  authorities. 

Sixth  and  seventh  cervical  vertebrae  : completely  ossified. 

In  the  dorsal  series  the  seventh,  ninth,  tenth,  eleventh  and  twelfth  vertebrae  are  com- 
pletely ossified  : but  in  the  cases  of  the  rest  the  epiphyses  have  fused  onlv  a short 
time  before  death  : the  lower  epiphysis  of  the  fourth  and  the  upper  epiphysis  of  the 
fifth  dorsal  vertebrae  had  only  just  begun  to  fuse  to  the  bodies. 

AH  five  lumbar  vertebrae  are  completely  ossified. 

Poirier  (p.  343)  tells  us  that  the  ossification  of  the  y*h  cervical  vertebra  is  finished  at 
9 5 years  : the  epiphyses  of  the  upper  dorsal  vertebrae  are  almost  fused,  and  the 
process  of  fusion  has  begun  in  the  lumbar  and  lower  sacral  segments.  Between  2 5 
and  3 0 years  the  union  of  the  other  epiphyses  is  effected. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


53 


The  sacrum  is  four-pieced  : its  lateral  masses  are  completely  consolidated,  but  the 
three  intercentral  fissures  were  just  closed  or  in  process  of  closing. 

The  suture  between  segments  3 and  4 was  just  closed;  that  between  3 and  a was 
closed  laterally ; and  that  betw  een  a and  i was  in  process  of  closing  laterally. 

According  to  Thomson  ( op.cit p.  g4)  the  fissure  between  segments  3 and  4 begins 
to  close  at  1 8 years , and  the  junction  between  i and  a is  not  complete  until  a 5 
years  or  later,  even  up  to  3o  years,  according  to  Poirier  (p.  34 7).  Testut  states 
(1 op . cit.,  p.  3o)  that  the  fusion  of  the  sacral  vertebrae  is  not  complete  as  a rule 
until  from  a 5 to  3o  years. 

Thus  if  we  take  into  consideration  the  fact  that  half  the  vertebral  column  is  fully  ossified 
and  that  in  the  other  half  the  process  is  in  the  penultimate  stage  of  completion,  the 
possibility  is  opened  up,  provided  we  follow  Testut  in  preference  to  other  autho- 
rities, that  this  individual  may  have  been  old  enough  to  satisfy  the  demands  of  the 
historians  as  to  Rhouniatonou’s  age. 

The  coccyx  was  not  amongst  the  bones  sent  to  me  in  Cairo  from  Luxsor. 

The  epiphyses  on  the  heads  and  tubercles  of  the  ribs  were  just  joining  in  most  cases, 
but  were  separate  in  a few  instances. 

According  to  Thomson  the  fusion  of  these  elements  is  completed  by  the  a 5th  years  : 
Testut  gives  the  age  as  16  to  a 5 years.  Unless  there  are  exceptions  to  these 
estimates  the  state  of  the  ribs  in  this  case  would  impose  a limit  of  a 5 years  to 
the  age. 

Although  the  first  segment  of  the  mesoslernum  is  separate  there  is  just  a possibility 
that  it  may  have  been  broken  off,  after  having  been  in  the  process  of  joining  at  the 
time  of  death. 

Testut  assigns  ao  to  a 5 years  as  the  time  during  which  this  process  of  joining  may 
occur  : .Thomson  says  (op.  cit.,  p.  96,  97)  : « Union  between  these  segments  occurs 
rather  irregularly,  and  is  liable  to  much  variations;  and  « fusion  of  the  second  with 
the  first  segment  may  not  be  complete  till  the  aoth  to  a 5th  years. 

The  sternal  epiphysis  of  the  clavicle  is  still  separate. 

Poirier  (op.  cil.,  p.  139)  and  Testut  (op.  cit.,. p.  a54)  give  aa  to  a5  years  as  its  time 
of  joining;  Thomson,  «a5  or  thereabouts ». 

All  the  limb-bones,  excepting  the  ossa  innominata  and  clavicles  only,  are  fully  ossified 
and  consolidated. 

Testut  (op.  cit.,  a 66)  states  that  the  upper  epiphysis  of  the  humerus  does  not  join 
until  a5  or  a6  years;  according  to  Thomson,  ctabout  a5  yearsw. 

Thus , if  we  adopt  these  estimations , the  slate  of  the  humeri  neutralizes  the  suggestion 
of  an  age  less  than  a 5 or  thereabouts , in  support  of  which  the  data  supplied  by  the 
clavicles  and  ribs  might  be  adduced.  Against  this,  however,  is  Poirier’s  statement 
that  the  upper  epiphysis  of  the  humerus  joins  the  shaft  at  from  a a to  a 5 years  of 
age  in  the  male. 

In  the  ossa  innominata  the  epiphyses  of  the  ischial  tuberosities  are  consolidated  and 
those  of  the  pubo-ischial  rami  were  in  process  of  joining  at  the  time  of  death.  The 
epiphysis  of  the  crests  is  joined  to  the  ilium;  but,  in  the  posterior  45  millimetres  of 


54 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


its  extent  on  the  right  side  (Diagram  1 1)  and  3o  millimetres  on  the  left,  a slight 
cleft  is  present  along  the  inner  edge  of  the  epiphysis  crislae. 

Testut  [op.  cit.,  p.  3oo)  says  the  crest  of  the  ilium 
does  not  lose  its  independence  until  2 4 or  2 5 
years  of  age. 

In  the  skull  the  cranial  sutures  show  no  signs  of 
obliteration  : the  teeth  are  unworn  and  the  right 
upper  « wisdom-tooth  u is  not  erupted. 

If  we  take  into  consideration  all  the  facts  set  forth 
in  this  statement,  not  only  the  data  concerning 
the  immaturity  of  certain  bones , but  also  those 
of  the  fully  ossified  parts  of  the  skeleton;  and 
bear  in  mind  the  wide  range  of  variation  of  the 
control  figures  — in  some  cases  as  much  as  ten 
years  between  different  authorities’  estimates 
of  when  particular  bones  cease  growing  — upon  which  any  argument  as  to  age 
must  be  based;  two  judgments  emerge  quite  clearly  from  this  mass  of  apparent 
contradictions  • a that,  if  we  accept  the  generally  admitted  criteria,  this  skeleton  is 
that  of  a man  about  2 5 or  26  years  of  age;  and  6)  that  no  anatomist  would  be 
justified  in  refusing  to  admit  that  this  individual  may  have  been  several  years 
younger  or  older  than  the  above  estimate,  which  after  all  is  based  upon  ave-' 
rages. 

To  turn  to  the  specific  problem  before  us , if,  with  such  clear  archaeological  evidence 
to  indicate  that  these  are  the  remains  of  Khouniatonou , the  historian  can  produce 
irrefutable  facts  showing  that  the  heretic  king  must  have  been  27,  or  even  3o , years 
of  age,  I would  be  prepared  to  admit  that  the  weight  of  the  anatomical  evidence 
in  opposition  to  the  admission  of  that  fact  is  too  slight  to  be  considered  absolutely 
prohibitive. 

I do  not  think  there  can  be  any  serious  doubt  that  these  are  really  the  remains  of 
Khouniatonou  : but  in  the  light  of  the  anatomical  evidence  it  is  important  that  the 
historical  evidence  should  be  submitted  to  most  searching  and  critical  examination 
for  the  purpose  of  deciding  how  old  the  Heretic  really  was  at  the  time  of  his  death. 
There  is  information  suggesting  that  he  was  a minor  at  the  time  of  his  father’s 
death  and  that  he  reigned  seventeen  years.  Surely,  then,  there  need  be  no  great 
straining  of  the  evidence  to  bring  the  anatomical  and  historical  facts  into  harmony, 
the  one  with  the  other. 

The  skull  presents  a number  of  interesting  and  significant  features.  The  cranium  is 
broad  and  relatively  flattened,  its  measurements  being  o m.  189  mill,  in  length; 
0 m.  1 54  mill,  in  breadth;  0 m.  1 36  mill,  in  height  (basibregmatic);  o m.  099  mill. , 
minimal  frontal  breadth;  and  a circumference  of  0 m.  545  mill. 

Although  0 m.  1 5 4 mill,  is  quite  an  exceptional  breadth  for  an  Egyptian  skull , all 
the  other  numbers  are  smaller  than  those  obtained  in  the  case  of  Amenothes  III. 
Nevertheless,  the  form  of  the  cranium  and  the  fact  that  it  is  exceptionally  thin  in 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


55 


most  places  and  relatively  thick  in  others  indicate  that  a condition  of  hydrocephalus 
was  present  during  life.  When  in  Egypt  I showed  this  cranium  to  my  colleague, 
Professor  A.  R.  Ferguson,  Professor  of  Pathology  in  the  Cairo  School  of  Medicine, 
and  he  assured  me  that  the  signs  of  hydrocephalus  were  unquestionable. 

Unfortunately  the  facial  skeleton  was  badly  damaged  (in  ancient  times)  by  the  collapse 
of  the  lid  of  the  coffin , which  fell  upon  the  face.  The  right  side  of  the  skull  was 
smashed  in  and  the  face  broken  into  fragments.  To  add  to  this  misfortune,  when 
these  fragments  were  being  packed  in  Luxsor  for  transmission  to  me  in  Cairo  many 
of  the  smaller  pieces  of  bone  were  overlooked  or  regarded  as  useless  trifles.  Hence , 
when  I came  to  build  up  from  the  pieces  the  left  side  of  the  face  (pi.  XXXVI)  — 
the  right  side  was  much  too  damaged  and  incomplete  — the  nasal  skeleton  was 
found  to  be  missing. 

However,  sufficient  of  the  facial  skeleton  has  been  restored  to  give  one  a fairly  accurate 
conception  of  its  form  when  it  was  intact. 

The  general  form  of  the  face  presents  a marked  contrast  to  that  of  Amenothes  III 
(compare  pi.  XXXVI  with  pi.  XXXIV);  but  the  configuration  of  the  upper  part  of 
the  face,  including  the  forehead,  is  identical  with  that  of  Khouniatonou s maternal 
grandfather,  Iouiya  (see  Quibell’s  Tomb  of  Yuaa  and  Thuiu,  Catalogue  g4n£ral, 
1908,  pi.  LVIH).  The  contrasts  in  the  architecture  of  the  facial  skeleton  in 
Amenothes  III  and  his  son  are  far  more  than  mere  individual  differences,  for  they 
are  racial.  Amenothes  IIIrd  8 face  is  cast  in  the  Egyptian  mould  : but  in  the  case  of 
Khouniatonou , the  jaw  is  typically  Armenoid , a fact  that  is  most  clearly  demonstrated 
in  the  form  of  its  ascending  ramus  (pi.  XXXVI).  The  prominence  of  the  super- 
ciliary ridges  and  the  sloping  forehead  are  other  signs  of  this  alien  influence.  But 
there  are  some  curious  points  of  resemblance  to  Amenothes  III  and  his  family.  The 
projection  of  the  upper  incisors  (pi.  XXXVI),  to  which  I have  frequently  referred 
as  a family  trait  of  the  Royal  House  in  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty,  is  seen  in  this  skull 
also. 

In  the  skull  of  Amenothes  III  a curious  bony  ridge  passes  from  the  nasal  spine  to  the 
alveolar  point,  leaving  a well-marked  depression  on  each  side  of  it.  In  this  skull  the 
same  peculiarities  appear  in  an  even  more  pronounced  form. 

There  are  also  points  of  resemblance  in  the  molar  teeth. 

Khouniatonou  was  a bigger  man  than  his  father,  who  was  1 m.  56 1 mill.,  though  not 
so  tall  as  Amenothes  II  (who  was  1 m.  67 3 mill.)  on  the  paternal  side,  nor  Iouiya 
(who  was  1 m.  65i  mill.)  on  the  maternal  side  of  his  ancestry. 

The  following  figures  were  obtained  on  measuring  the  bones  of  this  mummy. 

Right  femur,  oblique  length  (o  m.  45o  mill.  5),  maximum  length  (o  m.  455  mill.). 
(The  corresponding  measurements  in  the  case  of  Amenothes  III  are  0 m.  42 1 mill, 
and  o m.  4a4  mill.  5 respectively). 

Left  femur,  obi.,  0 m.  453  mill.,  max.,  0 m.  455  mill.  5. 

Left  tibia,  axial  length,  0 m.  355  mill.  5;  Right  tibia,  axial  length,  0 m.  354  mill. 

Tarsal  height  (astragalus  and  calcaneum)  o m.  066  mill. 

Left  humerus,  oblique  length,  0 m.  3i  1 mill.;  maximum  length,  0 m.  319  mill. 


56 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


The  corresponding  measurements  of  the  right  humerus  are  o m.  3 i A mill,  and  o m. 
3a a mill,  respectively;  and  of  the  right  humerus  of  Amenothes  III  o ro.  a8i  mill.  5 
and  o m.  a 85  mill,  respectively. 

61076.  The  Mummy  found  in  Baqt’s  Coffin  (pi.  XXXIX). 

This  is  the  mummy  contained  in  the  coffin  bearing  the  inscription  « royal  daughter, 
royal  sister  Mashonttimihous,  concerning  which  M.  Maspero  makes  the  following 
remarks  : « La  momie , d^cor^e  de  guirlandes , est  fausse  comme  celle  de  la  prin- 
cesse  Sitamon  \yide  supra],  EUe  a fouill^e  par  les  Arabes,  et  on  en  distingue  les 
&6ments  a travers  les  trous  pratiques  dans  le  maillot.  Un  morceau  de  cercueil  a 
vernis  jaune , de  la  XX"  dynastie , accompagne  d’un  manche  de  miroir  et  de  quelques 
autrcs  menus  objets,  tient  lieu  de  corps  : un  paquet  de  chiffons  simule  la  t£te,  un 
paquet  de  chiffons  les  piedsn  (p.  544). 

The  appearance  of  this  mummy  proved  to  be  most  deceptive.  It  consisted  of  an  enor- 
mous mass  of  linen  fdling  the  whole  coffin.  Plunderers  had  made  two  deep  holes  into 
this  mass,  revealing  the  fragment  of  gaudy  yellow  coffin-lid  referred  to  in 
M.  Maspero’s  account;  but  nothing  else  could  be  felt  through  these  holes.  On  June 
27th,  1909,  I unrolled  the  wrappings  and  found  amongst  a mass  of  brown  friable 
bandages , occupying  the  lower  part  of  the  large  bundle , most  of  the  hones  of  the 
skeleton  of  a young  woman  about  2 1 years  of  age.  She  was  exceedingly  slenderly 
built. 

She  has  a small  ovoid  face,  a moderately  prominent  nose,  and  small  horizontal  ellip- 
tical orbits;  but  the  mandible  conforms  to  an  alien  (non-Egyptian)  type,  one  how- 
ever which  has  been  common  in  Lower  Egypt  since  the  time  of  the  Ancient  Empire, 
and  is  fairly  often  seen  among  the  remains  of  the  Upper  Egyptian  aristocracy.  The 
skull  has  the  large,  broad,  flat  ovoid  form  usually  seen  in  association  with  the  jaw, 
to  which  I have  just  referred  (pi.  XXXIX). 

The  maximum  length  of  the  skull  is  o m.  186  mill.,  maximum  breadth  0 m. 
i44  mill.,  minimum  frontal  breadth  0 m.  095  mill.,  basi-bregmatic  height 
o m.  issA  mill.,  Bizygomatic  breadth  0 m.  128  mill.,  total  facial  height  0 m. 
1 15  mill.,  upper  facial  height  0 m.  069  mill,  and  the  nasal  height  and  breadth 
respectively  0 m.  o48  mill,  and  0 m.  oe4  mill.  The  presence  of  the  skin  on  the 
forehead  prevents  the  accurate  measurement  of  the  cranial  base  (including  the  skin 
it  is  o m.  100  mill.),  but  without  it  would  be  probably  o m.  098  mill.;  the  facial 
base  is  0 m.  093  mill.  For  the  same  reason  it  is  not  possible  to  measure  the  orbits 
accurately  but  each  is  about  0 m.  o38  mill.,  broad  and  about  0 m.  o34  mill.  deep. 

The  maximum  and  oblique  lengths  respectively  of  the  right  femur  are  0 m.  4 4 0 mill, 
and  0 m.  433  mill,  and  of  the  left  0 m.  438  mill,  and  0 m.  435  mill.  : the  dia- 
meter of  the  right  femoral  head  is  0 m.  037  mill. 

The  maximum  and  oblique  lengths  respectively  of  the  right  humerus  are  o m.  3 1 1 mill, 
and  3o4  and  of  the  left  0 m.  3o2  mill,  and  0 m.  299  mill.  The  left  coronoid 
fossa,  but  not  the  right,  is  perforated. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


57 


The  third  molar  teeth  are  just  erupting.  The  epiphyses  of  the  bodies  of  the  vertebrae 
and  of  the  crests  of  the  ilia  are  still  separate  : the  lower  epiphyses  pf  the  ulnae  and 
radii  are  just  joined. 

There  is  nothing  to  indicate  with  certainty  whose  mummy  this  is  or  when  it  was  mum- 
mified. If  the  bandages  found  in  the  immediate  neighbourhood  of  the  bones  formed 
part  of  the  mummy  the  latter  may  have  been  of  XVIIIth  Dynasty  date. 

61077.  The  Mummy  of  Seti  I (pi.  XXXVIII,  XL,  XLI  and  Frontispiece). 

This  mummy  was  unwrapped  by  M.  Maspero  on  june  9th,  1886.  The  proc&s-verbal 
has  been  briefly  set  forth  in  Les  Momies  royales  (p.  554,  555,  and  Appendix,  II, 
p.  77a  and  773);  and  with  greater  detail  in  the  American  Journal  of  Archaeology, 
1886,  volume  III,  p.  33 1 to  333,  and  also  in  Recueil  de  travaux,  t.  VIII,  p.  179 
to  181. 

There  is  nothing  in  the  mode  of  treatment  of  this  mummy  to  distinguish  it  from  that 
in  vogue  at  the  latter  part  of  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty.  The  head  is  in  a good  state  of 
preservation  and  reveals  to  us  one  of  the  most  perfect  examples  of  manly  dignity 
displayed  in  a mummy  that  has  come  down  from  ancient  Egypt.  But  the  body  has 
suffered  severely  at  the  hands  of  the  tomb-robbers.  The  head  is  broken  off  the  trunk 
and  the  anterior  wall  of  the  abdomen  has  been  smashed. 

The  identification  of  this  mummy  as  Seti  I was  based  wholly  upon  the  inscription  on 
the  lid  of  the  coffin,  where  the  name  appears  in  hieroglyphs.  Three  hieratic  inscriptions 
on  the  coffin  describe  the  attention  given  to  the  mummy  and  its  wanderings. 
« D’apr^s  le  premier,  s 1’an  VI,  le  7 du  deuxieme  mois  de  Shalt,  le  premier  pro- 
phete  d’Amon , Hrihorou , envoya  restaurer  Tappareil  fun^raire  du  roi  S6ti  I"  n ; le 
second  declare  que,  «l’an  XVI,  le  7 du  quatrikme  mois  de  Pirit,  sous  le  roi 
Siamou  Hrihorou,  on  retira  le  roi  S4ti  I"  de  son  tombeau  pour  le  ddposer  dans  la 
tombe  de  la  princesse  Anhapoun.  L’op4ration  faite,  le  prGtre  charge  du  culte  royal 
tdmoigna  devant  le  Pharaon  de  la  condition  de  la  momie,  et  declare  que  le  corps 
n’avait  souffert  aucun  dommage  dans  le  transfert.  EnGn  «en  Tan  X,  le  11  du 
quatri&me  mois  de  Pirit,  sous  le  grand  pr4tre  Pinotmou  Iw,  le  roi  S&i  I"  fut  trans- 
portd  dans  le  tombeau  d’Am4n6thes  I"»;  en  foi  de  quoi  on  6crivit  le  troisieme  et 
dernier  proems -verbal.  La  momie  <5tait  enveIopp(5e  d’une  forte  toile  jaun&tre  et  ne 
portait  aucune  inscription  apparenle#  [Guide  du  Visiteur). 

At  present  the  whole  surface  of  the  body,  excepting  the  head  only,  is  covered  with  a 
black  mass  of  bandage  impregnated  with  resinous  material.  All  the  exposed  areas  of 
skin,  including  the  face,  are  quite  black;  but  M.  Maspero  informs  me  that  when 
the  head  was  first  exposed  in  1886  the  skin  was  distinctly  brown  and  not  black. 

The  hands  are  folded  in  front  of  the  chest.  The  upper  arms  are  vertical  and  each  fore- 
arm is  flexed  so  that  the  hand  is  placed  in  front  of  the  opposite  shoulder.  The  left 
forearm  is  placed  in  front  of  the  right. 

The  left  side  of  the  chest  is  stuffed  with  black  masses  of  resin-impregnated  linen , now 
of  stony  hardness.  In  the  apex  of  the  right  side  of  the  thorax  there  is  a solid  black 


Catal.  du  Muie'e,  n°  6io5i. 


8 


58 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


mass  about  the  size  of  a closed  fist.  It  is  not  linen,  but  some  brittle  jet-black 
material , with  a shining  surface  when  fractured.  Below  this  and  separated  from  it 
by  a wide  interval  there  is  a large  heart-shaped  mass  of  stony  consistency,  which 
has  a dull  brown  colour  when  scraped.  It  seems  to  be  a viscus,  perhaps  the  heart, 
but  it  is  not  possible  to  express  any  positive  opinion  without  cutting  it  and  submi- 
tting a piece  of  it  to  microscopical  examination.  It  was  the  usual  custom  at  all  periods 
to  leave  the  heart  in  the  body.  The  fact  that  the  object  under  consideration  is  in  the 
right  side  of  the  thorax  cannot  be  urged  as  a reason  against  its  identification  as  the 
heart,  because  it  usually  happened  that  the  embalmer,  operating  through  the 
embalming  wound  in  the  left  flank,  pushed  the  heart  over  to  the  right  side  of  the 
body,  when  he  was  excising  the  other  viscera. 

The  common  statement  that  the  heart  was  placed  in  a Canopic  Jar  is  due  to  a mistaken 
generalisation  from  isolated  cases,  in  which  the  heart,  or  some  fragment  of  it,  was 
cut  out  accidentally  by  a careless  embalmer.  There  can  be  no  doubt  that  it  was  the 
usual  procedure  to  leave  the  heart  in  the  body  attached  by  the  great  vessels. 

Packed  around  this  mass,  which  is  probably  the  heart,  there  is  a considerable  quantity 
of  resin-impregnated  linen. 

The  abdominal  cavity  was  partially  filled  with  black  masses  of  similarly  treated  cloth , 
hut  there  is  no  trace  of  any  viscus.  Whether  the  kidney  was  left,  as  Diodorus,  wri- 
ting many  centuries  later,  described,  it  is  impossible  to  say. 

Seti  I was  probably  1 m.  665  mill,  in  height  when  alive.  That  is  the  present  height 
of  his  mummy  together  with  a thin  layer  of  wrappings  on  the  feet,  which  are 
approximately  of  the  same  thickness  as  the  skin  on  his  heels  was.  The  height  of  the 
symphysis  pubis  (with  the  same  reservation)  is  o m.  897  mill,  [probably  a mistake? 
0 m.  797  mill.];  pubes  to  chin,  0 m.  578  mill.;  pubes  to  nose,  0 m.  6 44  mill.; 
breath  of  shoulders,  0 m.  4oo  mill.;  breadth  at  iliac  crests,  0 m.  295  mill.; 
intertrochanteric  breadth  (with  wrappings);  estimated  length  (axial)  of  tibia,  0 m. 
375  mill.;  distance  from  upper  surface  of  tibia  to  middle  ofPoupart’s  ligament, 
0 m.  46 1 mill.;  estimated  length  of  humerus,  o m.  335  mill.;  and  estimated 
length  of  radius,  o m.  264  mill.  The  toes  are  broken  off,  but  the  foot  must  have 
been  about  0 m.  23o  mill,  in  length  : the  maximum  length  of  the  hand  is 
0 m.  220  mill. 

The  length  of  the  head  (with  a thin  layer  of  bandages  on  the  occiput)  is  0 m. 
196  mill. ; breadth  (without  bandages),  0 m.  i43;  minimal  frontal  breadth, 
0 m.  101  mill.;  total  facial  height,  0 m.  128  mill.;  upper  facial  height,  0 m. 
080  mill.;  length  and  breadth  of  nose,  0 m.  060  mill,  and  o m.  o33  mill.;  right 
orbit,  0 m.  o5o  mill,  by  0 m.  o3o  mill.;  left  orbit,  0 m.  047  mill,  by  0 m. 
o3i  mill.;  bizygomatic  breadth,  0 m.  i38  mill.;  bigonial  breadth,  o m.  101  mill.; 
cranial  circumference,  o m.  55o  mill.;  auricular  height,  0 m.  122  mill.;  height, 
chin  to  vertex,  0 m.  208  mill. 

The  face  is  ovoid , but  so  nearly  ellipsoid  that  when  the  lower  half  of  the  face  was 
filled  out  by  the  jaw  muscles  in  life  it  must  have  been  ellipsoid. 

The  superciliary  eminences  are  fairly  prominent  and  the  forehead  sloping.  The  eyelids 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


59 


are  closed  and,  so  far  as  one  can  tell,  no  packing  material  has  been  inserted  be- 
neathe  them.  No  hair  is  visible,  either  on  the  scalp  or  face,  excepting  the  eyebrows. 
The  big  heavy  jaw,  with  its  wide  and  strong  chin,  as  well  as  the  more  robust  build 
of  the  whole  face , present  a marked  contrast  to  the  features  of  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty 
rulers,  which  were  cast  in  a smaller  and  more  refined  mould  than  the  big-featured 
Pharaohs  of  the  XIXth  Dynasty.  Not  only  in  the  features  of  jaw,  face  and  forehead, 
but  also  in  his  cranial  form,  Seti  I differs  from  his  predecessors  of  the  XVIIIth 
Dynasty;  and  the  contrast  is  not  merely  an  individual,  but  largely  a racial  one  also. 
Although  the  members  of  the  royal  family  in  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty  present  features 
which  it  is  difficult  to  reconcile  with  the  Egyptian  type , on  the  whole  they  conform 
to  that  physical  type;  but  in  Seti  I many  more  alien  (Asiatic)  traits  in  face  and 
cranium  are  manifested  and  there  can  be  no  doubt  that  he  and  his  successors  are 
less  characteristically  Egyptian  than  his  predecessors  were. 

• M.  Maspero  realized  these  facts  when  he  wrote  the  following  sentences  in  his  Prock- 
verbal  de  I’ouverture  des  Momies  de  Ramsk  II  et  Ramses  III  (Bulletin  de  llnstitut 
dgyptien,  1886).  « Seti  I"  et  Ramses  II  sont  d’un  type  assez  different.  Ils  se  ratta- 
chaient  par  les  femmes  a 1’ancienne  lign4e ; mais  ce  qu’ils  avaient  en  eux  de  sang 
royal  ne  leur  avait  donn4  aucun  des  traits  qui  distinguent  les  Thoulmos  et  les  Amen- 
hotpou v (p.  969). 

I quote  the  following  remarks  from  Professor  Virchow’s  account  (op.  cit.  supra)  of  this 
mummy.  « Sie  ist  die  besterhaltene  der  ganzen  Reihe  und  macht  noch  jetzt  den 
Eindruch  eines  kraftigen,  vollendet  schonen  Mannes».  « Der  feingeschnittene  und 
fast  europaisch  aussehende  Kopf  ist  gestrecht  und  ein  wenig  nach  hinten  zuruck- 
gebogen;  die  kahle  und  etwas  niedige,  sehr  hreit  (1  o6mm),  voll  gerundete , aber 
etwas  zuriickgelegte  Stirn  ganz  glalt,  nur  die  Orbitalwiilste  leicht  vortretend.  Die 
Augen  geschlossen  wie  eines  Schlafenden.  Der  Kopf  lang  und  etwas  flach  gewolbt, 
dolichochamaecephal  ( Langenbreitenindex  7A.7,  Ohrhohenindex  58.9).  Das 
Gesicht  hoch  und  oval,  an  der  Grenze  der  Leptoprosopie  (Index  89.9).  Die  Nase 
fein,  schmal,  lang,  aquilin,  wie  in  den  alten  Abbildungen;  nur  an  der  Grenze  des 
knochernen  und  knorpeligen  Theils  liegt  ein,  durch  das  Eintrocknen  entstandener 
Absatz;  Index  54.3 ».  « Der  Unterkiefer  hoch,  das  Kinn  sehr  breit,  dreiecking, 
etwas  vortretend,  in  der  Milte  des  unteren  Randes  gebuchteta  (p.  773). 

On  p.  786  of  the  same  work  Professor  Virchow  sets  forth  a large  series  of  measure- 
ments of  this  mummy,  many  of  which  reveal  wide  discrepancies,  when  compared 
with  the  figures  I have  recorded  above,  as  the  results  of  measurements  made  by 
Dr.  Derry  and  myself. 


61078.  'the  mummy  of  Ramses  II  (pi.  XLII,  XL1II  and  XL1V). 

«Le  1"  juin  1886,  sur  Tordre  et  en  presence  du  Khedive  (Tewfik),  la  momie  de 
Ramses  II  fut  ouverte  solennellement n Les  Momies  royales,  p.  56o  — see  also 
p.  765-767  and  773-775). 


8 


60 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUStiE  DU  CAIRE. 


Upon  the  coffin  was  inscribed  the  name  of  the  Pharaoh  in  hieroglyphs,  as  well  as 
reports  written  in  hieratic  analogous  to  those  found  on  Seli  1“*  coffin  informing 
us  that  in  wl’an  X du  grand  pretre  Pinotmou,  on  transporta  RamsAs  II  dans 
le  tombeau  d’AmAnothes,  en  meme  temps  que  son  pAre  SAli  Iw»  ( Guide  du 


«Le  style  du  monument  et  certains  details  d’orthographe  nous  reportaient  a la  XX' 
dynastie  plut6t  qua  la  XIX'.  Pour  savoir  si  la  momie  Atait  bien  celle  de  Ramses  II, 
comme  le  prAtendent  les  inscriptions  du  couvercle,  M.  Maspero  fit  enlever  une  partie 
des  bandages  qui  paraissaient  Atre  mal  attaches,  et  il  trouva,  sur  la  poitrine  du 
maillot  original,  une  inscription  a l’encre  en  hiAratique,  dont  la  teneur  ne  laisse 
subsister  aucun  doute;  le  grand  prAlre  Pinotmou  I"  y declare  qu’il  a fait  Sparer 
1’appareil  funAraire  de  Ramses  II  en  Tan  XVI » ( Guide  du  Visiteur). 

M.  Maspero’s  account  of  the  unwrapping  of  this  mummy  ( Bulletins  de  Unslilul  igyptien , 
1886,  p.  253-255)  is  as  follows.  «La  presence  de  cette  derniAre  inscription  une 
fois  constate  par  S.  A.  le  Khedive  et  par  les  hautes  personnes  rAunies  dans  la  salle, 
la  premiere  enveloppe  fut  enlevAe,  et  Ton  decouvrit  successivement  une  bande 
d’Atoffe  large  d’environ  0 m.  20  cent.,  enroulee  autour  du  corps,  puis  un  second 
linceul  cousu  et  maintenu  d’espace  par  des  bandes  etroites , puis  deux  Apaisseurs  de 
bandelettes  et  une  piAce  de  toile  fine  lendue  de  la  tete  aux  pieds.  Une  image  de  la 
dAesse  Nouit,  d’environ  un  metre,  y est  dessinAe  en  couleur  rouge  et  noire,  ainsi 
que  le  prescrivait  le  rituel;  le  profil  de  la  dAesse  rappelle,  a s’y  mAprendre,  le  profil 
pur  et  dAlicat  de  SAti  1",  tel  que  nous  le  font  connaltre  les  bas-reliefs  de  Thebes  et 
d’Abydos.  Une  bande  nouvelle  Atait  placAe  sous  cet  amulette,  puis  une  couche  de 
pieces  de  toile,  pliAes  en  carrA  et  maculAes  par  la  matiAre  bitumineuse  dont  les  em- 
baumeurs  s’Ataient  servis.  Cette  derniAre  enveloppe  AcartAe , Ramses  II  apparut.  II 
est  grand,  bien  conformA,  parfaitement  symAtrique  W.  La  tAte  est  allongAe,  petite  par 
rapport  au  corps.  Le  sommet  du  crAne  est  entierement  denude.  Les  cheveux , rares 
sur  les  tempes,  s’Apaississent  a la  nuque  et  forment  de  veritables  meches  lisses  et 
droiles,  d’environ  0 m.  o5  cent,  de  longueur  : blancs  au  moment  de  la  mort,  ils  ont 
AtA  teints  en  jaune-clair  par  les  parfums.  Le  front  est  has,  Atroit,  l’arcade  sourciliere 
saillante,  l’ceil  petit,  le  nez  long,  mince,  busquA  comme  le  nez  des  Bourbons,  lAgA- 
rement  AcrasA  au  bout  par  la  pression  du  maillot,  la  tempe  creuse,  la  pommette 
proAminente,  1’oreille  ronde,  AcartAe  de  la  tAte ,.  la  mAchoire  forte  et  puissante,  le 
menton  trAs  long.  La  boucbe,  largement  fendue,  est  bordAe  de  lAvres  Apaisses  et 
charnues;  elle  Atait  remplie  d’une  pAte  noirAtre,  dont  une  partie,  dAtachAe  au  ciseau, 
a laissA  entrevoir  quelques  dents  trAs  usAes  et  trAs  friables,  mais  blanches  et  bien 
entretenues.  La  moustache  et  la  barbe  peu  fournies  et  rasAes  avec  soin  pendant  la 
vie,  avaient  crfi.  au  cours  de  la  derniAre  maladie  ou  aprAs  la  mort;  les  poils,  blancs 
comme  ceux  de  la  chevelure,  mais  rudes  et  hArissAs,  ont  une  longueur  de  2 ou  3 
millimAtres.  La  peau  est  d’un  jaune  terreux,  plaquAe  de  noir.  En  rAsumA,  le  masque 


O)  M4me  apr&  le  des  verttbres  et  la  retraction  prodoite  par  la  momification , il  mesure  encore 

1 m.  7 a cent. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


61 


de  la  momie  donne  tres  suffisamment  Tid4e  de  ce  qu’4tait  le  masque  du  roi  vivant  : „• 
une  expression  peu  intelligente , peut-4tre  14g&rement  bestiale,  mais  de  la  fierte , de 
Tobstination  et  un  air  de  majestd  souveraine  qui  perce  encore  sous  l’appareil  de 
I’embaumement.  Le  reste  du  corps  n’est  pas  moins  bien  conserve  que  la  l4te , mais 
la  reduction  des  chairs  en  a modifni  plus  profond<$ment  l’aspect  exterieur.  Le  cou 
n’a  plus  que  le  diametre  de  la  colonne  verlebrale.  La  poxtrine  est  ample,  les  tSpaules- 
sont  hautes,  les  bras  croises  sur  la  poitrine,  les  mains  fines  et  rougies  de  henn4,  les 
ongles  tr&s  beaux,  tallies  a la  hauteur  de  la  chair  et  soign4s  comme  ceux  dune 
petite  maltresse  : la  plaie  par  laquelle  les  embaumeurs  avaient  6t<5  les  viscfcres 
s’ouvre  beanie  au  flanc  gauche.  Les  parties  g4nitales  ont  4te  enlev4es  a 1 aide  d un 
instrument  tranchant,  et  probablement , selon  un  usage  assez  repandu , ensevelies  a 
part  dans  le  creux  d un  Osins  en  bois.  Les  cuisses  et  les  jambes  sont  d4charn4es , les 
pieds  longs,  minces,  un  peu  plats,  frott&s  de  henn4  comme  les  mains.  Les  os  sont 
faibles  et  fragiles,  les  muscles  sont  atrophies  par  d4g4n4rescence  s4nile  : on  sail,  en 
effet,  que  Ramses  II  regna  nombre  d’annees  avec  son  p4re  S4ti  I",  soixante-sept  ans 
seul,  et  dut  mourir  presque  centenaire. » 

It  is  open  to  question  whether  the  discolouration  of  the  finger  and  toe-nails  may  not 
be  due  to  the  staining  by  resinous  embalming-materials  and  not  to  henna  : and  it 
is  also  not  altogether  certain  that  the  genital  organs  were  intentionally  ablated.  It  is 
quite  possible  that  they  may  have  been  broken  off  accidentally  by  the  tomb-robbers 
who  stripped  the  mummy  in  search  of  spoil  (pi.  XLII).  It  has  already  been  pointed 
out  that  the  pudenda  were  not  removed  in  Ahinosis  I , Thoutmosis  I , Thoutmosis  I' 
Amenolhes  II,  and  Yuaa , but  that  the  state  of  affairs  in  Thoutmosis  II,  Thoutmosis  III 
and  the  unknown  man  in  Nibsoni’s  coffin  was  uncertain.  In  the  case  of  Seti  I the 
wrappings  were  not  removed , so  that  no  positive  statement  of  the  mode  of  treatment 
of  the  pudenda  can  be  made.  In  Ramses  II"4'*  successor  Menephtah,  the  penis  was 
left  but  the  scrotum  removed;  and  in  all  the  later  Pharaohs  the  genital  organs  were 
left  intact. 

It  seems  unlikely  that  in  so  important  a matter  as  the  treatment  of  the  genital  organs 
the  embalmers  should  suddenly  have  broken  away  from  the  convention  of  their  time 
in  the  case  of  Thoutmosis  II  and  III,  but  not  in  their  immediate  predecessors  and 
successors , and  again  in  the  succeding  dynasty  in  the  case  of  Ramses  II.  The  absence 
of  the  genital  organs  in  the  latter  Pharaoh  seems  to  me  to  be  due  to  accidental 
circumstances  (see  pi.  XLII). 

In  support  of  this  contention  I would  call  attention,  not  only  to  the  broken  edges  of  the 
area  from  which  the  organs  have  been  removed,  but  also  to  the  fact  that  the 
wrappings  (resin-impregnated  bandages)  cease  abruptly  at  the  edges  of  this  patch 
(i.  e.  do  not  cover  it)  and  have  broken  edges. 

It  is  curious  that  in  the  cases  of  Seti  I and  Ramses  II  the  embalmers  should  have 
departed  from  the  usual  practice  (both  in  the  late  XVIIIth  and  the  XIXth  dynastic 
periods)  of  placing  the  right  forearm  in  front  of  the  left. 

The  measurement  of  Ramses  II,ld’‘  height  made  by  Dr.  Derry  andmyselfwas  1 m.733  mill.; 
but  Professor  Virchow  says  «die  ganze  Lange  der  sehr  mageren  Mumie  maass 


62 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


Hr  Brugsch-Bey  zu  i m.  720  mill.,  also  am  0 m.  i55  mill,  laager  als  die  seines 
Vatersn  [op.  cit.,  p.  77/1). 


Height  of  upper  margin  of  symphysis  pubis o m.  871  mill. 

Height  of  chin  above  symphysis  pubis o 668 

Height  of  suprasternal  notch  above  pubis o 5a5 

Height  of  nasal  spine  above  pubis o 786 

Breadth  of  shoulders 0 38 1 

Interacromial  breadth — 0 337,5 

Estimated  length,  right  humerus o 33a 

Estimated  length,  left  radius 0 267 

Estimated  length,  left  femur o 46o 

Estimated  length , left  tibia 0 358 

Distance  from  middle  of  Poupart’s  ligament  to  upper  surface 

of  tibia o 468 

Breadth  at  iliac  crests o 3i2 

Bitrochanteric  breadth o 3io 

Length  of  foot o 2 34 

Breadth  of  foot o 074 


The  cranium  is  a long  narrow  ovoid,  with  a prominent  occiput,  and  without  any 
depression  to  interrupt  the  sweep  of  the  curve  from  the  parietal  to  the  occipital 
region  (pi.  XLIV,  fig.  1). 

The  maximum  length  of  the  cranium  is  o m.  1 9 5 ; breadth  (including  a thin  layer  of 
hair,  — see  pi.  XLIV),  0 m.  1 86  mill.;  minimal  frontal  breadth,  0 m.  091  mill.; 
auricular  height,  0 m.  121  mill. ; circumference  (inclusive  of  a thin  layer  of  hair), 
0 m.  5 2 6 mill.;  total  facial  height,  0 m.  1 3 6 mill. ; upper  facial  height,  0 m.  0 8 0 mill.; 
nasal  height,  0 m.  061  mill.;  nasal  breadth,  o m.  029  mill.;  bizygomatic  breadth, 
0 m.  i32  mill.;  bigonial  breadth,  0 m.  097  mill.;  right  orbit,  0 m.  oh  2 mill. 
X 0 m.  o38  mill.;  left  orbit,  0 m.  oh 2 mill.  X o m.  o36  mill.;  right  palpebral 
cleft,  0 m.  o32  mill,  long,  eyelids  3 millimetres  apart  : left  palpebral  cleft, 
0 m.  o33  mill,  long,  eyelids,  7 millimetres  apart;  and  interorbital  breadth, 
o m.  021  mill. 

The  temples  and  the  back  of  the  head  are  covered  with  fine  silky  hair,  about  0 m.  0 6 0 mill, 
long,  which  originally  must  have  been  quite  white,  but  now  is  yellow.  The  upper 
part  of  the  scalp  was  quite  bald,  although  there  are  still  scanty  hairs  on  the  frontal 
region.  Amongst  them  are  some  « blackheads  due  to  the  plugging  of  the  orifices  of 
sluggish  sebaceous  glands,  such  as  one  frequently  sees  in  old  men.  The  superficial 
temporal  arteries  are  very  prominent  and  tortuous  and  there  can  be  no  doubt  that 
their  walls  are  calcareous  (pi.  XLIII  and  XLIV).  On  the  vertex  (pi.  XLIII,  fig.  2), 
near  the  extremity  of  the  greatly  enlarged  anterior  branch  of  the  right  superficial 
temporal  artery,  there  are  curious  markings  upon  the  bald  scalp.  There  is  a well- 
marked  white  line,  running  in  the  mesial  sagittal  plane,  and  a fainter  transverse 
mark , forming  a pattern  which  in  some  lights  looks  like  a cross.  Between  this  and 
the  prominent  artery  there  is  a crescentic  mark.  Whether  these  marks  are  painted  on 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


63 


the  scalp,  or  only  scratched,  and  whether  they  are  intentional  or  only  accidental 
are  questions  which  I am  unable  to  answer. 

Ramses  II  had  a low  sloping  forehead  (pi.  XLIV)  and  moderately  prominent  super- 
ciliary eminences.  The  eyebrow  (scanty  grey  hairs  about  6 millimetres  long)  is  pre- 
served only  on  the  right  side.  Traces  of  a layer  of  dark  brown  or  black  paint  still 
persist  on  the  superciliary  ridges.  The  skin  of  the  forehead  is  of  a light  yellow 
colour,  thickly  spotted  with  reddish  brown  patches.  This  mummy  reveals  a distinct 
advance  in  the  technique  of  the  embalmer’s  art  — for  the  first  time  it  became 
possible  to  preserve  the  skin  without  the  dark  brown  or  black  discolouration  that 
occurred  invariably  in  earlier  attempts  at  mummification.  It  is  true  that  in  some 
cases,  Rai,  Amenothes  II,  Thoutmosis  IV,  luiya  and  Thouiyou  a only  a moderately 
dark  brown  tint  was  given  to  the  skin ; but  from  the  time  of  Ramses  II  onward  a 
much  more  uniformly  light  colour  was  attainable. 

The  most  outstanding  feature  of  Ramses  IInd'*  long  narrow  ovoid  (or  perhaps  ellipsoid 
in  life)  face  is  the  large,  narrow,  prominent  nose.  The  mesial  suture  between  the 
nasal  bones  is  o m.  o 2 9 mill,  long ; and  its  lower  (anterior)  extremity  is  0 m.  0 2 5 mill, 
in  front  of  the  inner  margin  of  the  orbit.  The  soft  parts  of  the  nose  have  been  care- 
fully moulded,  each  nostril  having  been  stuffed  with  resin,  which,  in  addition  to 
being  part  of  the  antiseptic  toilet  of  the  face,  helped  to  preserve  the  form  of  the  nose. 

In  its  present  condition  the  upper  lip  is  exceptionally  long , the  distance  from  the  lateral 
nasal  cartilage  to  the  edge  of  the  lip  being  0 m.  028  mill.  The  lip  is  thickly  studded 
with  white  hairs  varying  in  length  from  1 to  3 millimetres.  There  are  also  a few 
scattered  hairs  around  the  angles  of  the  mouth  and  on  the  lower  lip  and  chin;  hut 
the  masseteric  regions  appear  to  be  wholly  devoid  of  hair.  There  is  a thick  patch  of 
about  thirty  hairs  on  the  edge  of  the  jaw  about  3 centimetres  to  the  left  of  the  middle 
line;  and  the  whole  submaxillary  region  is  studded  with  sparsely  scattered  hairs. 

The  lips  are  slightly  separated  and  the  mouth  appears  as  a transverse  fusiform  slit , 
o m.  o85  mill,  long  (measured  around  the  arc).  The  opening  was  filled  with  a dark 
brown  resinous  paste,  some  of  which  was  removed  in  1886,  exposing  parts  of  two 
teeth  on  the  right  side.  Roth  of  these  teeth  have  been  broken  recently  (?  when  the 
resin  was  being  removed).  There  is  a gap  between  the  teeth , suggesting  that  the  first 
bicuspid  tooth  had  been  lost.  The  teeth  are  clean  and  in  an  excellent  state  of  pre- 
servation : they  were  only  slightly  worn.  It  is  a curious  problem  to  determine  why 
this  exceedingly  old  man  should  have  healthy  and  only  slightly  worn  teeth , whereas 
his  younger  predecessor  Amenothes  III  was  the  victim  of  severe  dental  caries  and 
alveolar  abscesses  and  had  much  worn  teeth.  The  difficulty  of  explaining  Ramses 
immunity  from  these  dental  troubles  is  increased  by  the  fact  that  the  vast  majority 

" (over  90  0/0)  of  the  aristocracy  of  Memphis  in  the  times  of  the  Pyramid-builders 
suffered  severely  from  tooth-affections. 

The  ears  had  been  smeared  with  a thick  layer  of  resinous  paste.  Roth  lobules  (now 
broken)  had  been  pierced.  A bunch  of  long  grey  hairs  projects  from  each  meatus. 

Although  the  skin  of  the  face  is  shrunken  and  parchment-like  its  form  is  fairly  well 
reserved  : but  in  the  case  of  the  neck  it  clings  around  the  vertebrae  and  larynx , 


64 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUS^E  DU  CAIRE. 


forming  an  irregular  column,  only  o m.  1 9 5 mill,  in  circumference,  with  little 
resemblance  to  the  form  it  had  in  life , even  in  an  extremely  emaciated  body.  Many 
details  of  the  transverse  processes  and  spines  of  the  vertebrae  are  reproduced  in  the 
form  of  the  skin;  and  in  front  the  thyroid  cartilage  and  the  hyoid  bone  are  excep- 
tionally prominent. 

The  great  part  of  the  body  is  still  enclosed  in  a hard  shield  of  linen  impregnated  with 
resinous  material.  A piece  of  this  carapace  with  the  skin  and  part  of  the  sternum  had 
been  broken  off  the  upper  part  of  the  thorax.  On  raking  this  I was  very  much  sur- 
prised to  find  that,  in  spite  of  the  great  age  to  which  Ramses  had  attained,  the 
manubrium  sterni  was  not  ankylosed  to  the  gladiolus,  and  the  ossified  2nd  costal 
cartilages  still  articulated  by  joints  with  the  sternum. 

The  scale  of  an  onion  was  found  adhering  to  the  resin  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  left 
axilla.  This  is  of  some  interest,  for  in  the  succeeding  three  dynasties  onions  were 
used  freely  in  the  process  of  embalming,  whether  as  deodorants  or  antiseptics,  or 
for  some  unknown  symbolic  reason  must  remain  a matter  of  conjecture.  But  even  in 
the  present  day  the  modern  Egyptians,  and  especially  the  Copts,  attribute  many 
virtues  to  the  onion. 

The  embalming-wound  (pi.  XLII)  placed  in  front  of  the  left  flank,  is  a large  elliptical 
gaping  wound,  o m.  1 65  mill,  long  and  0 m.  o55  mill,  broad.  It  begins  above  the 
middle  of  Poupart’s  ligament,  0 m.  o33  mill,  below  the  level  of  the  anterior 
superior  spine  of  the  ilium,  and  passes  vertically  upward  to  a point  at  the  anterior 
extremity  of  the  9th  rib.  Its  mesial  edge  is  0 m.  o63  mill,  from  the  mesial  plane. 
Its  margins  are  thickly  smeared  with  a paste  of  reddish  resin. 

The  position  of  the  embalming-wound  in  thus  different  from  those  distinctive  of  both 
the  early  (high)  and  late  (low)  XVIIIth  Dynasty.  The  altered  site  is  a development 
of  the  latter  (or  low)  position  ; but  in  order  to  afford  more  room  for  the  manipulations 
inside  the  body  the  low  incision  has  been  prolonged  upward  so  as  secondarily  to 
occupy  the  high  (early  XVIIIth)  position,  but  slightly  further  forward  than  was 
customary  at  the  beginning  of  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty  (compare  Diagram  3,  p.  34). 

The  skin  of  the  hips  and  buttocks  is  thrown  into  a series  of  longitudinal  folds. 

, The  legs  are  still  encrusted , in  the  greater  part  of  their  extent , with  a resinous  mass 
6 millimetres  thick.  Where  the  limbs  are  exposed  they  seem  to  consist  merely  of  a 
layer  of  skin  closely  clinging  to  the  bones. 

A thick  resinous  layer  fills  up  the  concavities  of  the  arches  of  the  feet.  1 he  toe-nails  are 
long  and  incurved  : the  overgrown  edge  of  the  great-toe-nail  is  4 millimetres  long. 

The  right  hand  is  completely  flexed  but  the  left  hand  only  semi-flexed.  A similar  state 
of  affairs  is  found  in  Menephtah’s  mummy,  which  however  differs  from  Ramses’  in 
having  the  right  forearm  in  front  of  the  left.  They  resemble  one  another  however  in 
that  the  right  hand,  instead  of  being  in  front  of  the  left  shoulder,  as  is  customary, 
is  placed  near  the  middle  of  the  left  humerus. 

> The  finger  nails  exhibit  very  distinct  longitudinal  ridging.  In  the  case  of  some  of  the 
finger-nails  the  overgrown  edges  are  more  than  5 millimetres  long.  Length  of  hand , 
from  wrist  along  middle  finger,  0 m.  222  mill. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


65 


The  skin  of  the  face  and  neck  was  very  much  wrinkled,  but  most  of  the  folds,  especially 
the  transverse  wrinkles  on  the  forehead , have  been  smoothed  out  by  the  embalmers. 

The  eyes  have  been  smeared  with  resinous  material,  so  that  it  is  not  possible  to  say 
with  certainly  whether  or  not  any  foreign  material  has  been  introduced  underneath 
the  eyelids. 

In  the  general  features  of  the  form  of  cranium  and  face  Ramses  II  conforms  to  the 
Egyptian  type;  but  the  sloping  forehead,  the  prominent  superciliary  ridges,  the 
narrow,  high-bridged,  outstanding  nose,  and  especially  the  great  jaw  with  its  large 
and  massive  ascending  ramus  (pi.  XLIV,  fig.  1)  are  alien  characters,  to  which 
I shall  refer  again  when  discussing  the  features  of  Ramses  IInd  * son  and  successor 
Menephtah. 

Professor  Virchow’s  measurements  (op.  cit.,  p.  77 A and  786)  again  present  many 
discrepancies  in  comparison  with  mine.  Perhaps  the  most  surprising  of  his  figures  is 
the  cranial  length,  which  he  makes  6 millimetres  less  than  my  estimation;  but  this 
makes  the  long-headed  Ramses  II  (see  pi.  XLIV)  appear  the  shortest-headed  of  the 
Pharaohs  measured  by  Professor  Virchow ! 

61079.  The  Mummy  of  Menephtah  (pi.  XLV,  XLVI,  XLVII,  XLVIII  and  XLIX). 

Acting  on  the  instructions  of  M.  Maspero,  Directeur  general  du  Service  des  Anliquitk,  I 
removed  the  wrappings  from  the  mummy  of  Menephtah  on  July  8lh,  1907,  in  the 
Cairo  Museum  (Annates,  1907). 

The  mummy  of  this  Pharaoh  was  found  in  1898  by  M.  Loret  in  the  tomb  of  Amen- 
othes  II  at  Bib&n  el  Molouk,  Thebes,  and  was  brought  to  the  Museum  in  Cairo 
in  1 900.  In  his  Guide  du  Visiteur  au  Musk  du  Caire , M.  Maspero  makes  the  following 
remarks  : tt  Momie  du  Pharaon  M^n^phtah , fils  et  successeur  de  Rams&s  II,  trouv^e 
dans  le  cercueil  de  Setnakhiti.  M.  Loret  crut  y reconnaitre  la  momie  du  Pharaon 
h<5r£tique  de  la  XVIII"  dynastie,  Kbouniatonou.  M.  Groff  affirma  le  premier  que  c’&ait 
M4n^phtah , et  la  lecture  du  cartouche , trace  en  4criture  hidratique  sur  la  poitrine  de 
la  momie , d^montra  la  justesse  de  son  opinion.  Le  fait  dtait  d’autant  plus  int^ressant 
A constater  que  M4n£phtah  serait,  d’apres  une  tradition  d’^poque  alexandrine,  le 
Pharaon  de  TExode , celui  qui , dit-on , aurait  pdri  dans  la  mer  Rouge,  n 

Even  without  the  evidence  of  the  writing  on  the  shroud  many  details  of  the  process  of 
mummification  would  have  enabled  us  to  put  this  mummy  into  the  same  group  as 
those  of  Ramses  II  (unrolled  by  M.  Maspero  in  1886)  and  Siptah  and  Seti  II 
(unrolled  by  me  in  190 5)  : and  the  physical  characters  of  the  mummy  itself  are 
such  as  to  suggest  a near  affinity  to  Ramses  II  and  Seti  I‘‘.  On  these  grounds  there 
can  be  little  doubt  as  to  the  correctness  of  the  identification  of  this  mummy  as 
Menephtah. 

The  mummy  was  wrapped  in  a sheet  of  fine  linen,  which  covered  the  front  and  sides  of 
the  body,  but  not  the  back.  It  passed  over  the  head  and  extended  behind  the  neck  : 
at  the  other  end  it  enclosed  the  feet  and  ended  behind  the  ankles,  its  two  lower 
corners  being  drawn  forward  and  tied  in  front  of  the  ankle  joint.  The  name  was 


Catal.  du  Mutes  n°  6lo5l. 


9 


66 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSEE  DU  CAIRE. 


written  in  ink  on  this  sheet  in  hieratic  characters  across  the  chest.  It  was  very  much 
faded , and  cannot  be  seen  in  plate  XLV,  fig.  1 . 

This  outer  sheet  was  fixed  in  position  by  three  bandages  — one  around  the  neck , one 
around  the  hips  and  the  third  around  the  knees.  Each  bandage  passed  around  the 
body  three  times  and  its  end  was  passed  under  the  rest  of  the  bandage. 

When  the  covering  sheet  was  removed  the  mummy  was  found  to  have  been  very  care- 
lessly and  hastily  wrapped  in  a series  of  broad  bandages , which  only  partially  covered 
the  body.  In  many  places  masses  of  loose  rags  projected  between  the  bandages  and 
parts  of  the  skin  of  the  right  side  of  the  face  were  exposed  to  view. 

The  first  bandage  ended  on  the  knees  and  was  found  to  invest  the  thighs  three  times 
from  its  beginning  at  the  hips.  Then  a second  bandage  of  a similar  character  was 
removed  from  the  thighs. 

Then  a very  loose  bandage  of  fringed  linen , arranged  in  a figure-of-8  pattern  around 
the  neck  and  head,  was  removed.  When  two  more  short  pieces  of  linen  were  removed 
from  the  neck  and  face  a loose  mass  of  rags  that  partially  covered  the  face  and  head 
was  freed  and  dropped  off  the  head,  leaving  it  completely  bare. 

Then  a broad  bandage  was  removed  from  the  chest  and  two  very  loosely  arranged 
bandages  of  a dark , reddish-brown , fringed  material  were  unwound  from  the  neck 
and  thorax.  Then  I removed  a series  of  four  broad  bandages,  which  formed  a covering 
for  the  body  from  the  neck  to  the  feet  — the  first  one  surrounding  the  shoulders, 
chest  (including  the  folded  arms)  and  abdomen,  the  second  enclosing  the  thighs, 
the  third  the  legs  from  knees  to  ankles , and  the  fourth  the  feet. 

When  these  were  removed  a great  mass  of  loose  rags  of  fine  linen  — clearly  part  of 
the  original  wrappings  — was  exposed  and  then  removed.  A loose  reddish-brown 
bandage  was  then  removed  from  the  arms,  which  were  thus  almost  completely 
exposed,  folded  x-wise  in  front  of  the  chest,  the  right  forearm  being  in  front  of  the 
left.  Another  broad  bandage  was  found  wrapped  around  the  abdomen  and  thighs  : 
when  this  was  removed,  another  mass  of  loose  rags  that  filled  up  the  widely-gaping 
abdominal  wall  was  taken  away.  The  whole  body  was  thus  exposed  covered  in  parts 
by  a thin  layer  of  very  fine  linen  impregnated  with  a bright  yellow  resin-like  material. 
D'  Charles  Todd  kindly  examined  this  material , which  proved  to  be  a balsam.  When 
dissolved  in  alcohol  it  has  a pleasant  odour  like  Friar’s  balsam.  The  arms,  the  chest 
wall,  parts  of  the  leg  and  feet  were  enclosed  in  this  balsam-impregnated  carapace 
of  fine  linen. 

Not  a fragment  of  writing,  nor  ornaments  of  any  kind,  were  found  on  the  mummy. 

The  body  is  that  of  an  old  man  and  is  1 m.  7 1 A mill,  in  height.  Menephtah  was  almost 
completely  bald,  only  a narrow  fringe  of  white  hair  (now  cut  so  close  as  to  be  seen 
only  with  difficulty)  remaining  on  the  temples  and  occiput.  A few  short  (about 
2 mill.)  hlack  hairs  were  found  on  the  upper  lip  and  scattered,  closely-clipped  hairs 
on  the  cheeks  and  chin. 

The  general  aspect  of  the  face  recalls  that  of  Ramses  II,  but  the  form  of  the  cranium 
and  the  measurements  of  the  face  much  more  nearly  agree  with  those  of  his  grand- 
father, Seti  the  Great. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


67 


The  process  of  embalming  has  been  eminently  successful,  the  body  being  well  preserved 
without  much  distortion  and  without  the  dark  discolouration  seen  in  the  mummies 
of  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty. 

The  soft  parts  of  the  nose  have  become  somewhat  flattened,  thus  spoiling  the  appearance 
of  the  face.  After  the  brain  had  been  removed  the  emhalmers  .packed  the  cranial 
cavity  with  small  pieces  of  fine  linen  and  some  balsam;  the  nostrils  were  then  plugged 
with  a resinous  paste,  and  the  same  material  was  spread  over  the  mouth  and  ears. 
A semilunar  patch  of  black  paint  was  then  applied  in  the  situation  of  the  eyebrows. 
Beyond  this  a thin  layer  of  red  paste  had  been  applied  to  the  face.  In  places  this  has 
now  peeled  off  leaving  white  patches.  The  ears  were  pierced  in  life,  but  the  holes 
are  quite  small. 

The  embalming  wound  is  almost  vertical  and  situated  just  in  front  of  the  anterior 
superior  iliac  spine,  which  is  opposite  its  midpoint.  The  wound  was  smeared  with 
resinous  paste  and  a plate  applied  to  its  surface,  but  only  a part  of  the  impression 
of  the  plate  is  now  evident. 

All  the  viscera  were  removed  from  the  body-cavity,  except  (possibly)  the  heart.  I was 
able  to  recognise  part  of  the  heart  pushed  far  up  into  the  thorax,  hut  still  attached 
to  the  aorta.  Whether  or  not  it  was  intended  to  leave  the  whole  heart  in  the  body, 
as  the  practice  was  in  the  time  of  the  XXI*1  Dynasty,  I cannot  say. 

The  aorta  was  in  an  extreme  stage  of  calcareous  degeneration , large  bone-like  patches 
standing  out  prominently  from  the  walls  of  the  vessel.  Mr.  S.  G.  Shattock,  the 
Curator  of  the  Pathological  Section  of  the  Royal  College  of  Surgeons’  Museum  in 
London,  has  made  an  exhaustive  study  of  a piece  of  this  artery  and  found  it  to  be 
affected  by  the  ordinary  senile  form  of  calcareous  degeneration. 

The  body  had  been  packed  with  that  white  cheesy  material,  such  as  I found  in  many 
mummies  of  the  priests  of  Amen  (of  the  XXI“  Dynasty).  My  colleague,  Professor 
W.  A.  Schmidt,  considered  the  material  (in  the  case  of  the  latter  mummies)  to 
consist  of  the  decomposition-products  of  a mixture  of  butter  and  soda. 

A very  curious  feature  of  this  mummy  is  the  complete  absence  of  the  scrotum , although 
the  penis  was  left.  Midway  between  the  root  of  the  penis  and  the  anus  (pi.  XLV, 
fig.  2)  a transverse  scar  is  visible.  It  represents  the  place  from  which  the  scrotal  sac 
was  cut  away,  but  as  it  is  now  thickly  smeared  with  balsam  it  is  not  possible  to  say 
whether  it  was  removed  during  life  or  after  death.  It  was  certainly  done  before  the 
process  of  embalming  was  completed  because  the  wound  is  coated  with  balsam.  The' 
fact  that  there  is  a wound  suggests  that  Menephtah  was  castrated  either  after  death 
or  a within  a short  time  of  death. 

The  distal  portion  of  the  penis  is  broken  off  and  is  missing.  This,  however,  was  done 
long  after  the  body  was  mummified , no  doubt  by  the  tomb-robbers , who  inflicted 
such  severe  injuries  on  the  mummy. 

The  hands  were  placed  in  the  position  of  grasping  sceptres,  each  i5  millimetres  in 
diameter,  the  thumbs  being  in  the  position  represented  in  the  bas-reliefs. 

The  skin  of  the  body  is  thickly  encrusted  with  salt,  which  my  colleague,  Mr  W.  M.  Colies, 
has  examined  and  found  to  be  sodium  chloride. 

9- 


68 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


The  mummy  has  suffered  considerably  at  the  hands  of  plunderers. 

The  skin  is  shaved  off  the  right  zygomatic  arch  (Diagram  la,  a)  with  a sharp  instrument 
and  scraped  off  a small  spot  on  the  forehead.  The  left  side  of  the  chin  is  cut  through 

to  the  bone  (pi.  XLVIII  and  Diagram  is,  b). 


There  is  a deep  gash  on  the  right  side  of  the.  larynx , 
breaking  through  the  right  ala  of  the  completely- 
ossified  thyroid  « cartilages,  and  there  are  other 
smaller  gashes  in  the  larynx  (pi.  XLVIII  and  Dia- 
gram 1 a , c). 

A deep  axe-cut  over  the  situation  of  the  right  sterno- 
clavicular joint  (cl)  has  broken  through  the  chest 
wall , severing  the  inner  ends  of  the  clavicle , first 
rib  (whose  « cartilages  is  ossified  throughout)  and 
part  of  the  sternum.  This  separated  part  of  the 
chest  wall,  was  lying  free  in  the  body-cavitv,  but  I 
have  now  replaced  it  (pi.  XLVI  and  XLVIII). 

The  right  arm  was  broken  midway  between  the  elbow 
and  wrist  ^Diagram  1 a , e)  and  was  held  together 
only  by  the  tendons  and  muscles  (pi.  XLVI). 

Almost  the  whole  of  the  anterior  abdominal  wall  has 
been  chopped  away,  a few  ribbons  of  skin  being 
practically  all  that  is  left  of  it.  The  axe-cuts  passed 
right  through  the  body  to  the  spine,  large  pieces 
being  chopped  away  from  the  lower  two  lumbar 
vertebrae  (Diagram  1 2 , g }.  The  left  iliac  bone  and 
the  pubes  are  smashed  by  transverse  axe-blows  (h 
and  k).  Part  of  the  phallus  was  also  broken  off. 
There  were  also  numerous  small  gashes  in  the  skin 
of  various  parts  of  the  body  and  especially  on  the 
legs.  The  toes  of  the  left  foot  were  broken  and  two 
of  them  were  missing. 

On  the  right  side  of  the  back  there  is  a large  vertical 
oval  opening  in  the  body-wall  o m.  gB  cent.  X 0 m. 
o53  mill.  Its  edges  are  eroded  as  though  it  had 
been  eaten  by  mice , possibly  attracted  by  the  smell 
of  the  cheese-like  material  inside  the  body. 


On  the  back  of  the  head  there  is  a hole  (37X23  millimetres  in  size)  in  the  right  parietal 
bone.  It  has  been  deliberately  made  by  means  of  blows  from  some  sharp  instrument. 
In  the  case  of  similar  openings  that  I found  in  the  mummies  of  Seti  II,  Ramses  IV, 
Ramses  VI  (and  possibly  that  of  Ramses  V also)  I was  inclined  to  look  upon  them 
as  wounds  accidentally  made  by  plunderers,  who,  in  their  haste  to  remove  the 
wrappings  from  the  head  and  neck,  chopped  through  the  bandages  and  so  damaged 
the  cranium.  I still  think  there  is  a good  deal  to  be  said  in  favour  ot  this  view;  but 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


69 


the  nature  of  the  opening  in  Menephtah’s  skull  seems  to  point  to  the  possibility  of  it 
having  been  deliberately  made  — perhaps  for  some  occult  reason. 

By  scraping  away  a small  piece  of  skin  alongside  this  opening  I was  able  to  expose  the 
upper  three  centimetres  of  this  right  lambdoid  suture , which  shows  no  sign  of  closing 

(pi.  XLIX). 

The  patency  of  this  suture  is  unusual  in  a man  of  the  age  that  Menephlah  is  supposed 
to  have  reached.  That  he  was  a man  of  great  age  is  shown  by  his  baldness,  the 
whiteness  of  the  little  hair  left,  the  complete  ossification  of  the  thyroid  cartilage  and 
especially  the  ossification  of  the  cartilage  of  the  first  rib  (not  its  sheath  only). 

The  calcareous  patches  in  the  aorta  also  point  to  the  same  conclusion. 

Only  one  tooth  is  visible  — the  upper,  right,  median  incisor,  the  others  being  hidden 
by  the  resinous  paste  filling  the  space  between  the  lips. 

Although  the  body  is  now  reduced  to  little  more  than  skin  and  bone,  the  redundancy 
of  the  skin  of  the  abdomen,  thighs  and  cheeks  indicates  that  Menephtah  was  a 
somewhat  corpulent  old  man. 

Most  of  the  foregoing  account  has  been  published  in  the  Annales  du  Service  (1907); 
but  there  are  a number  of  features  that  call  for  further  comment. 

Seti  I and  Ramses  II  exhibit  in  their  cranial  and  facial  features  many  alien  traits, 
curiously  blended  with  Egyptian  characters  : but  in  Menephtah  the  foreign  element 
in  his  composition  is  more  obtrusively  shown  than  it  is  in  either  his  father  or  his 
grandfather.  He  has  the  prominent,  high-bridged  nose  of  his  father,  but  a shorter 
and  much  broader  cranium  than  either  of  his  predecessors. 

In  norma  verlicalis  his  head  is  of  a broad  beloid  form  and  is  distinctly  asymmetrical,  the 
left  side  of  the  occiput  being  more  prominent  (Diagram  1 3). 

The  cranial  length  is  only  0 m.  i85  mill.,  a whole  centimetre 
less  than  his  father’s;  but  the  breadth  is  o m.  1 5o.  1 A mil- 
limetres greater  than  in  the  case  of  Ramses  II  and  7 mil- 
limetres greater  than  Seti  I. 

The  mere  comparisons  of  lengths  and  breadths  of  the  cranium 
might  lead  one  to  imagine  that  the  feeble  successors  of 
Menephtah,  Siphtah  and  Seti  II,  retained  something  sug- 
gestive of  Menephlah’s  cranium , for  the  measurements  are 
respectively  0 m.  189  mill,  x 0 m.  1 A 7 mill,  and  0 m. 

187  mill.  X 0 m.  1A1  mill.;  but  the  breadths  of  the  fore- 
head and  face  at  once  reveal  the  differences.  Menephtah  resembles  his  grand- 
father Seti  I in  having  a wide  face  and  forehead;  minimal  frontal  diameter,  0 m. 
id  mill.  (Seti  I,  0 m.  101  mill.;  Ramses  II,  0 m.  091  mill.;  Siphtah, 
0 m.  091  mill.;  and  Seti  II,  0 m.  097  mill.);  bizygomatic  diameter,  0 m.  idi  mill. 
(Seti  I,  0 m.  i38  mill.;  Ramses  II,  0 m.  i3s  mill.;  Siphtah,  0 m.  139  mill.; 
Seti II,  0 m.  139  mill.).  Total  facial  height  o m.  139  mill.  (Seti  I,  0 m.  138  mill.; 
Ramses  II,  0 m.  i36  mill.;  Siphtah  0 m.  137  mill.;  Seti  II,  0 m.  i3o  mill.). 
Estimated  upper  facial  height,  0 m.  077  mill.  (Seti  I,  0 m.  080  mill.;  Ramses  II, 
0 m.  080  mill.;  Siphtah,  0 m.  078  mill.;  Seti  II,  0 m.  06 5 mill.).  Bigonial 


70 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


breadth,  o m.  099  mill.  (Seti  I,  0 m.  101  mill.;  Ramses  II,  0 m.  097  mill.; 
Siphtah,  0 m.  100  mill.;  Seti  II,  0 m.  102  mill.).  Circumference,  o m.  53o  mill. 
Nasal  height  and  breadth,  0 m.  060  mill.  xom.  o3a  mill.  (Seti  I,  0 m.  060  mill. 
X 0 m.  o33  mill.;  Ramses  II,  0 m.  061  mill,  x 0 m.  029  mill.;  Siphtah, 

0 m.  o6omill.  xom.  o3o  mill.;  and  Seti  II,  0 m.  o5g  mill.  xom.  026  mill.).  Right 
orbit,  0 m.  0A7  mill.  xom.  o38  mill. : left  orbit,  0 m.  o46  mill,  x 0 m.  037  mill. 

In  height  Menephtah  is  intermediate  between  his  father  and  grandfather,  1 m.  714  mill. 
(Seti  I,  1 m.  665  mill.;  Ramses  II,  1 m.  733  mill.;  Siphtah,  1 m.  638  mill.; 
and  Seti  II,  1 m.  64 0 mill.). 

61080.  The  Mummy  of  Siphtah  (pi.  LX,  LXI,  LXII  and  LXIII). 

This  is  one  of  the  mummies  found  by  M.  Loret  in  the  tomb  of  Amenothes  II  in  1898. 

1 began  the  process  of  unwrapping  it  in  the  Cairo  Museum  on  August  29th,  1 go5- 

After  photographs  had  been  made  of  the  coffin  (pi.  LX,  fig.  1),  the  enshrouded 

mummy  (pi.  LX,  fig.  2),  and  the  writing  on  the  shroud  (pi.  LXI,  fig.  i),  the  unrol- 
ling of  the  bandages  was  commenced.  Three  days  were  devoted  to  this  process. 

1.  The  whole  body  was  wrapped  in  a large  sheet  of  cloth,  which  covered  the  head 
and  feet  and  the  front  and  sides  of  the  body,  overlapping  behind.  It  was  kept  in 
position  by  three  circular  bandages , one  passing  around  the  neck , a second  around 
the  thighs  and  the  third  around  the  ankles.  Midway  between  the  latter  two  bandages 
there  was  a hieratic  inscription  in  ink  on  the  front  of  the  large  shroud.  Much  of  the 
ink  had  scaled  off  so  that  the  writing  has  became  very  indistinct. 

The  large  investing  sheet  is  a long  narrow  bandage  of  very  fine  linen,  about  two  and 
a half  times  as  long  and  broad  respectively  as  the  mummy  itself.  It  is  folded  on 
itself  from  end  to  end  so  that  the  two  ends,  which  are  both  tasselled,  come  together 
behind  the  ankles.  This  doubled  sheet  was  wrapped  around  the  body  in  the  way 
already  mentioned. 

2.  The  circular  neck-bandage  passed  obliquely  around  the  head  and  covered  the  face 
and  then  encircled  the  neck  twice,  its  end  being  tucked  under  the  penultimate  turn. 

3.  The  circular  thigh-bandage  invested  the  legs  three  times  passing  from  right  to  left 
in  front.  Its  end  was  tucked  under  the  rest  of  the  bandage. 

4.  The  ankle-bandage  is  like  that  just  described  but  passed  around  the  legs  five  times. 

5.  After  removing  these  wrappings  the  body  was  found  to  be  invested  by  a large  series 
of  very  irregularly-disposed  bandages  (pi.  LXI,  fig.  2). 

The  forearms  occupy  a peculiar  position,  which  was  evident  even  before  the  outer 
shroud  was  removed.  Both  upper  arms  are  placed  vertically  at  the  sides  of  the  body : 
the  forearms  are  disposed  transversely  in  front  of  the  thorax  and  epigastrium , the 
right  being  higher  up  than  the  left  : both  hands  are  clenched. 

The  loose  ends  of  two  bandages  were  placed  just  above  the  right  hand.  One  of  these  ( 5 ) 
passed  across  the  chest  to  the  left  shoulder;  once  around  the  neck;  once  around  the 
head  across  the  face;  across  the  chest  toward  the  right;  then  around  the  back;  then 
up  in  front  of  the  left  side  of  the  chest  and  around  the  neck  to  end  in  front  of  the 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


71 


right  side  of  the  chest.  The  other  (6)  passed  twice  around  the  chest  and  then  behind 
the  neck  to  the  left  shoulder,  thence  vertically  down  the  left  arm,  around  the  elbow 
obliquely  across  to  the  front  of  the  pubes  and  right  thigh,  where  it  ended  without 
being  fixed  in  position  in  any  way.  Where  this  bandage  (6)  ended  another  (7) 
began;  it  passed  around  the  hips  (from  right  to  left  in  front)  and  then  across  the 
left  hand;  thence  obliquely  to  the  left  shoulder,  across  the  back  to  the  right  shoul- 
der and  obliquely  across  the  front  of  the  chest  to  a point  underneath  the  left  elbow  : 
thence  it  passed  around  the  hips  where  it  ended  by  being  intertwined  with  the  end 
of  the  next  bandage  (8).  This  passed  obliquely  across  the  chest  above  the  right 
hand , then  transversely  behind  the  chest  and  across  the  right  elbow  to  the  left  hip, 
then  behind  the  hips  and  in  front  of  the  left  hand  and  around  the  right  forearm  to 
end  on  the  left  hand. 

A bandage  (9)  began  on  the  chest  and  passed  to  the  right  twice  (alternately)  around 
the  neck  and  chest  before  it  ended  on  the  right  shoulder.  The  next  bandage  (10) 
began  in  front  on  the  chest  and  passed  (toward  the  right  in  front)  twice  around 
the  shoulders.  The  next  (1 1)  passed  in  the  same  direction  transversely  around  the 
chest  to  the  right  hand  and  then  circularly  around  the  chest.  Its  two  ends  were 
knotted  under  the  left  hand.  N°  1 a started  at  the  right  hand  (on  the  left  elbow)  and 
passed  spirally  around  the  arms  and  thighs  as  far  as  the  knee,  where  it  ended  on 
the  right  side  of  the  leg.  Where  it  ended  the  next  bandage  1 3 ) began  and  passed 
spirally  down  the  leg  and  described  a figure  of  8 around  the  ankles  and  feet.  These 
two  bandages  passed  from  right  to  left  in  front.  Where  the  last  bandage  ended  ano- 
ther ih)  began  and  after  forming  a figure  of  8 around  the  ankles  and  feet,  it 
wound  spirally  up  the  leg  as  far  as  the  knee,  where  another  bandage  (i5)  began 
and  wound  around  the  knees  (from  left  to  right  in  front)  and  then  spirally  around 
the  left  leg  only.  When  his  wrapping  was  removed  the  left  foot,  distorted  in  the 
manner  know  as  talipes  equino-varus,  was  exposed  in  its  original  wrappings.  Ano- 
ther bandage  (16)  began  between  the  forearms  and,  passing  from  right  to  left  in 
front,  wound  around  the  body  as  far  as  the  knees. 

The  right  forearm  had  been  broken , presumably  by  plunderers , long  after  mummifi- 
cation, and  when  the  priests  rewrapped  the  body,  the  forearm  was  fixed  with  splints. 
A ragged  piece  of  linen  (17)  was  wrapped  around  these  splints  (diagram  1 h and 

pi.  LXII). 

All  of  the  bandages  enumerated  above  were  put  on  the  mummy  by  the  priests  of  a later 
dynasty,  after  the  mummy  had  been  plundered.  When  these  eighteen  strips  of  linen 
had  been  removed  the  mummy  itself  was  exposed  partly  wrapped  in  the  torn  frag- 
ments of  its  original  bandages. 

Each  foot  was  partially  wrapped  in  a large  quantity  of  soft  muslin  of  exceedingly  fine 
texture,  and  the  surface  of  this  covering  wars  smeared  with  a thick  layer  of  resinous 
paste. 

A considerable  quantity  of  similar  bandage  was  wound  around  the  left  thigh  and  con- 
nected by  numerous  8-shaped  loops  across  the  perineum  to  the  right  leg.  After 
removing  this  the  selvedged  end  of  a sheet  of  linen  (o  m.  3 1 cent,  wide)  was  found 


72 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


wrapped  around  the  left  thigh  and  the  left  side  of  the  body,  its  ragged  torn  end 
being  alongside  the  shoulders.  It  was  inscribed  with  a series  of  lines  of  red  paint. 
After  removing  a small  spiral  bandage  from  the  left  thigh  a similar  bandage  was 
found  : it  was  inscribed  with  hieroglyphic  signs  in  black  and  lines  in  red  (pi.  LXIII, 
fig.  1),  It  was  arranged  like  the  other  painted  sheet  just  mentioned.  Similar  bandages 
and  painted  sheets  of  linen  were  found  on  the  right  thigh  and  side  of  the  body. 

Each  arm  was  wrapped  in  a large  mass  of  bandages  of  exquisitely  fine  linen  smeared 
on  its  surface  with  a layer  of  resinous  paste. 

Lying  on  the  front  of  the  chest  there  was  a mass  of  torn  bandages  with  strips  passing 
over  the  shoulders.  The  whole  mass  was  thickly  plastered  with  resinous  paste,  in 
which  the  impression  of  part  of  the  usual  pectoral  ornament  could  be  plainly  seen. 
In  front  of  the  right  elbow  there  was  a cake  of  resin  (adherent  to  the  bandages) 
in  which  there  was  a vertical  groove  o m.  o 1 5 mill,  in  diameter  lined  with  gold 


Diagram  1 h. 


foil  (Diagram  1 h ).  It  was  evidently  the 
impression  of  a gilded  staff  originally  pla- 
ced in  the  left  hand  of  the  mummy. 

The  plunderers  broke  off  the  right  hand  at 
the  wrist-joint.  When  the  mummy  was  being 
rewrapped  one  third  of  a piece  of  a ragged 
bandage,  o m.  99  cent,  by  0 m.  92  cent., 
was  wrapped  around  the  separated  hand 
leaving  the  other  two-thirds  free : this  was 
split  into  two  bands,  one  of  which  was 
wound  around  the  forearm  and  a ventral 


splint  — - a rough  piece  of  wood  0 m.  1 5 cent,  long  — and  the  other  encircled 
the  forearm  and  the  dorsal  splint  — a rough  piece  of  coffin  om.  a5  cent.  long.  In 
this  way  the  hand  was  fixed  to  the  forearm ; and  to  render  it  more  secure  another 
bandage  was  wound  around  both  splints  and  the  hand  and  forearm.  Two  strips  of 
bandage,  each  0 m.  i3a  mill,  long  — one  of  them  i.5  cm.  and  the  other  3.3  cm. 
wide  with  a fringe  of  strings  8.5  cm.  long  on  each  — were  intertwined  to  form 
one  cord,  which  was  wound  spirally  round  the  two  splints,  beginning  at  the  hand. 
At  the  other  end  of  the  splints  the  two  strips  were  separated  and  after  being  passed 
in  opposite  directions  around  the  forearm,  were  tied  together. 

The  mummy  is  that  of  a young  man  1 m.  638  mill,  in  height,  with  a thick  crop  of 
short,  reddish  brown,  curly  hair.  When  the  ringlets  are  unrolled  the  hair  is  0 m. 
o36  mill,  long. 

The  cheeks  were  very  carefully  packed  with  long,  narrow  strips  of  very  fine  muslin. 
The  face  was  entirely  hidden  by  a thick  mass  of  resin  firmly  adherent  to  the  skin 
and  to  the  cloth  covering  it.  Some  of  this  I removed  to  expose  the  features,  of 
the  face. 


The  right  cheek  and  the  front  teeth  had  been  badly  broken  by  a blow  long  after  the 
embalming  process;  and  at  the  same  time  the  lips  and  the  whole  right  side  of  the 
cheek  down  to  the  chin  had  been  broken  away.  This  was  done  before  the  mummy 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


73 


was  rewrapped,  because  the  missing  parts  were  not  in  the  bandages.  The  ears  were 
broken  off. 

The  plunderers,  who  had  done  this  damage  to  the  face,  also  broke  off  the  right  arm 
at  the  shoulder  and  the  right  hand  from  the  forearm. 

In  hacking  through  the  bandages  on  the  legs  they  had  also  shaved  the  skin  off  two 
spots  on  the  outer  side  of  the  left  knee. 

They  had  also  broken  through  the  body  wall,  making  an  irregular  hole  o m.  i5  cent, 
long  above  the  umbilicus. 

The  abdomen  was  packed  with  lichen , and  the  embalming-incision  was  made  along-side 
Pouparl’s  ligament  and  was  sewn  up  with  narrow  strips  of  linen. 

Siphtah  was  1 m.  638  mill,  in  height. 

His  cranium  is  of  the  form  that  Sergi  calls  r pentagonoid  v (diagram 
i5)  : it  is  o m.  189  mill,  long  and  0 m.  1 4 7 mill. broad : mini- 
mal frontal  diameter,  0 m.  09 h mill.:  circumference,  0 m. 

53o  mill.  : bizygomatic  breadth,  o m.  199  mill.  : bigonial 
breadth,  o m.  100  mill.;  total  facial  height,  o m.  197  mill.; 
upper  facial  height,  0 m.  078  mill.  Diagram  i5 

The  nose  is  0 m.  060  mill,  in  height  and  0 m.  o3o  mill,  broad.  It  has 

a moderately  high  bridge  : the  cartilaginous  part  has  been  flattened  and  distorted  by 
the  bandages,  but  there  can  be  no  doubt  that  it  was  small,  narrow,  aquiline  and 
graceful  in  orm.  Across  the  forehead  extends  a broad  (vertical  measurement  16 
millimetres),  crescentic  band  of  black  paint,  the  lateral  extremities  of  which  are 
situated  just  above  the  external  canthi.  In  the  mummy  of  Siphtah  several  innova- 
tions in  the  technique  of  embalming  make  their  appearance.  The  cheeks  are  filled 
out  with  linen  packing  and  the  body  cavity  is  stuffed  with  dried  lichen. 

The  embalming  wound  was  sewn  up.  Although  this  method  of  dealing  with  it  is  not 
new,  since  I have  seen  it  in  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty  mummy  of  Thuaa,  it  now  became 
the  custom  and  apparently  remained  so  until  the  death  of  Ramses  IV. 


61081.  The  Mummy  of  Seti  II  (pi.  LX1V,  LXV  and  LXVI). 

This  mummy  is  one  of  those  found  in  1898  by  M.  Loret  in  the  tomb  of  Amenothes  II 
in  the  Biban  el  Molouk.  I began  unrolling  the  bandages  of  this  mummy  in  the  Cairo 
Museum  on  September  3'd,  igo5,  and  devoted  several  days  to  the  process.  At 
various  times  I was  assisted  by  Mr.  J.  E.  Quibell,  Mr.  Percy  E.  Newberry  and 
Professor  A.  R.  Ferguson;  and  M.  Emil  Brugsch  pacha  was  present  throughout  the 
work  of  unwrapping. 

Seti  II  was  a young  or  middle-aged  man,  1 m.  6A0  mill,  in  height.  Both  Siphtah  and 
Seti  II  were  thus  decidedly  smaller  in  stature  than  the  three,  great,  old  men  who 
preceeded  them  in  the  XIXth  Dynasty.  Neither  of  them  exhibits  any  trace  of  that  decision 
and  strength,  which  are  so  strongly  imprinted  on  the  faces  of  Seti  I“,  Ramses  II 
and  Menephtah. 

The  body  had  been  most  carefully  and  successfully  mummified,  and  wrapped  in 

Catal.  du  Mutee,  n°  6io5i. 


10 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUStfE  DU  CAIRE. 


exceptionally  fine,  gauzy  muslin  of  very  soft  texture.  Successive  layers  of  bandage 
were  smeared  with  resinous  paste,  and  in  some  places  quite  a thick  layer  of  this 
material  was  found;  it  exhibited  on  its  surface  the  imprints  of  the  skin  patterns  of 
the  fingers  of  the  man  who  had  moulded  it  into  shape.  Embedded  in  this  resin  I 
found  around  each  leg  a piece  of  string  (on  which  a-series  of  blue-glaze  «eyes»,  of 
the  usual  pattern,  were  threaded)  wound  spirally  around  the  leg  from  ankle  to  knee. 
At  each  end  of  the  string  there  was  a blue-glaze  scarab.  In  front  of  the  right  knee , 
lying  in  the  groove  between  the  patella  and  tibia , there  were  three  small  sphinxes 
threaded  on  strings  (Diagrams  17  and  18). 

The  mummy  had  suffered  considerably  at  the  hands  of  its  plunderers.  The  head  was 
broken  off  from  the  body,  carrying  with  it  the  axis  and  atlas  : the  neck  was  broken 
at  the  cervico-thoracic  junction. 

Both  arms  were  separated  from  the  body  and  both  forearms  from  the  upper  arms.  The 
right  forearm  and  hand  were  missing,  and  also  the  index,  ring  and  little  fingers  (in 
part)  of  the  left  hand.  The  arms  had  originally  been  placed  in  the  folded  position 
over  the  chest  and  the  left  hand  (and  possibly  the  right  also,  if  we  can  judge  from 
the  analogy  of  other  royal  mummies)  was  in  the  position  of  grasping  a sceptre. 

A large  part  of  the  anterior  wall  of  the  body  was  broken  away;  and  that  this  was  done 
before  the  rewrapping  is  clearly  shown  by  the  fact  that  part  of  the  wall  of  the  chest 
was  found  among  the  superficial  bandages , as  though  it  had  been  forgotten  and  had 
been  put  in  just  before  the  wrapping-process  was  completed. 

The  plunderers,  when  cutting  through  the  original  wrappings  with  some  sharp  instru- 
ment (?  knife  or  perhaps  axe),  had  gashed  the  skin  in  various  parts  of  the  body.  The 
embalming  wound  resembles  that  of  Siphtah  in  position  and  the  manner  in  which  it 
was  treated. 

The  body  had  been  packed  with  pieces  of  linen  soaked  in  a solution  of  resin,  which  set 
into  a stone-like  mass  filling  the  whole  cavity. 

The  features  were  well-preserved  and  were  not  distorted,  but  the  face  is  thickly 
encrusted  with  resinous  paste.  The  scalp  was  not  treated  in  this  manner,  so  that  it 
is  possible  to  see  that  it  was  studded  with  short,  closely-clipped,  dark  brown  hair. 

On  the  vertex  of  the  skull,  to  the  left  of  the  sagittal  suture,  there  is  an  irregular  hole 
(0  m.  o5o  mill.  xom.  oi5  mill.)  in  the  left  parietal  bone.  The  skin  at  its  edge  is 
cut  into  ribbons  showing  that  the  damage  was  done  by  numerous  blows  with  some 
sharp  instrument.  It  was  certainly  done  after  mummification. 

Both  ears  were  pierced. 

Amongst  the  wrappings  there  was  an  unusually  large  quantity  of  the  materials  originally 
used  for  this  purpose  when  the  body  was  embalmed.  There  were  fragments  of  several 
garments  and  two  perfectly  intact  shirts  of  very  fine  muslin.  Each  of  these  shirts  was 
made  from  a strip  of  fine  linen  1 m.  a 5 cent,  wide  and  3 m.  5 A cent,  long,  folded 
lengthways  on  itself,  and  its  edges  sewn  together  except  in  the  upper  0 m.  3 1 cent, 
of  its  extent.  This  was  left  unstitched  and  was  hemmed  to  form  an  arm-hole  on  each 
side.  On  the  front  of  the  square  shirt  thus  made  a circular  neck-hole  was  cut  near 
the  upper  edge  and  hemmed  around.  Its  circumference  is  0 m.  4o  cent.  In  the 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


75 


middle  line  in  front  a slit  o m.  090  mill,  long  was  cut  from  this  neck-hole  vertically 
downward  and  hemmed  like  the  rest. 

In  the  lower  (right-hand  in  one,  left  hand  in  the  other)  corner  of  the  front  of  the  shirt 
there  was  embroidered  in  red  and  blue  thread  a vertical  cartouche  and  name,  which 
Brugsch  Pasha  tells  me  is  that  of  Menephtah.  Alongside  this  (nearer  the  edge)  in 
one  of  the  shirts  is  a long  vertically-placed  hieratic  inscription  in  ink  : and  on  the 
left  corner,  another,  shorter,  badly-corroded  inscription  (Diagram  16). 

[ 1 regret  that  it  is  not  possible  to  give  a fuller  description  of  these  shirts  and  of  the 
writing  upon  them.  At  the  time  when  I unwrapped  this  mummy  the  shirts  were 
handed  over  to  the  Conservator  of  the  Museum,  but  when  I came  to  write  this 
Catalogue  they  were  not  to  be  found  in  the  Museum]. 

The  mummy  was  wrapped  in  a large  shroud  investing  the  whole  body  (pi.  LXIV,  fig.  1). 
Its  tasselled  ends  were  found  behind 


the  feet  tied  in  a knot.  It  was  composed 
of  fine  linen  (warp  1 3 , woof  a3  to  the 
centimetre)  with  both  margins  selved- 
ged  and  one  end  string-fringed.  It 
measured  3 m.  i4  cent,  x 0 m.  85 
cent.  It  was  very  much  torn  and  had 
been  repaired  in  many  places. 

There  was  a faint  traces  of  the  name 
written  (in  ink)  in  hieratic  on  the  front 
of  this  sheet  of  linen. 

This  sheet  was  held  in  position  by  four 
strips  of  linen  wrapped  in  a circular 
manner  around  the  mummy  — neck , 
hips,  thighs  and  ankles  respectively — 
and  knotted  behind. 


Diagram  16. 


When  these  five  pieces  of  linen  — the  shroud  and  the  four  circular  bandages  — were 
removed,  I found  a loose  piece  of  very  fine,  gauzy  muslin  (6)  placed  in  front  of  the 
body.  Then  beginning  to  unroll  the  bandages  I found  the  end  of  the  first  (7)  in 
front  of  the  right  elbow  and  it  was  unwound  from  the  body,  around  which  it  passed 
in  a circular  manner  twice. 


Bandage  number  8 had  been  applied  as  a spiral  beginning  at  the  hips  and  ending  on 
the  ankles.  It  consisted  of  a piece  of  loose-textured  linen  3 m.  7 5 cent,  x o m.  3 3 cent. , 
with  string-fringe  at  both  ends.  It  had  8 threads  to  the  centimetre  warp  and  1 6 
woof.  Then  we  found  a pad  (9)  on  the  right  hip,  consisting  of  three  ragged  pieces 
of  very  fine  linen  (warp  2 3 woof  5i),  one  of  them  smeared  with  resin-paste. 
Undoubtedly  all  three  were  parts  of  the  original  wrappings  of  Seti  II. 

Bandage  number  10  was  a sheet  3 m.  45  cent,  x 0 m.  17  cent.,  with  one  end  and 
one  edge  selvedged  and  the  other  end  converted  into  string  tassels  o m.  01 5 mill, 
long,  each  string  consisting  of  two  strings  intertwined  and  knotted  at  the  end  — 
texture  of  linen,  i4  warp  and  20  woof  to  the  centimetre.  This  bandage  was  applied 


10. 


76 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUS&B  DU  CAIRE. 


as  a figure  of  8 around  the  feet  and  ankles  and  then  spirally  around  the  legs  up  to 
the  knees. 

Bandage  1 1,  a long  ragged  strip  3 m.  45  cent,  x o m.  16  cent,  selvedged  on  one  side 

— texture  like  n°  i o — was  put  on  spirally  around  the  legs  from  the  knees  to  the 
ankles. 

Bandage  12,  a piece  of  the  same  sheet  as  n0'  10  and  11,  0 m.  017  mill,  wide,  was 
put  on  spirally  around  the  legs  from  the  knees  to  the  hips. 

N®  1 3 is  a pad  placed  in  front  of  the  thighs. 

N°  ik  consisted  of  two  pieces  of  bandage,  one  (a)  3 m.  60  cent,  x 0 m.  19  cent, 
and  texture  10  x 20  and  the  other  ( b ) 2 m.  o5  cent,  x 0 m.  19  cent,  and  texture 
i5xa4.  One  end  of  a had  been  torn  and  darned  with  a rope-like  seam. 

It  was  applied  in  a spiral  course  completely  covering  the  legs  from  the  ankles  to  the 
thighs  and  then  down  again  as  far  as  the  knees. 

N°  i5  is  a sheet  3 m.  60  cent,  x 0 m.  19  cent,  with  one  end  selvedged  — texture  : 
warp  1 3 , woof  1 8 to  the  centimetre.  It  was  applied  circularly  around  the  abdomen 
and  thorax. 

Underneath  this  bandage  a large  piece  of  the  wall  of  the  chest  was  found  lying  loose 
on  the  surface  of  the  deeper  bandages. 

N®  1 6 consists  of  a pad  of  linen  placed  on  the  right  side  of  the  abdomen.  It  includes  five 
pieces  of  material : (a)  a sheet  of  very  fine,  gauzy  muslin  1 m.  73  cent,  x 0 m.  20  cent. 

— one  end  tasselled.  At  the  attachment  of  the  strings  of  the  tassel  there  are  six 
transverse  string-like  hands  in  the  cloth,  of  which  the  middle  two  are  green  (pro- 
bably blue  originally).  The  threads  are  too  fine  and  irregular  to  count.  Three  of  the 
rest  are  scraps  of  similar,  though  not  identical,  material;  and  the  fifth  (e)  is  a 
closely-woven  sheet  t m.  A 7 cent,  x 0 m.  22  cent,  of  the  texture,  warp  20  woof  37 
to  the  centimetre. 

N°  17  is  a very  ragged  bandage  3 m.  5o  cent,  x 0 m.  21  cent,  on  end  and  edge 
selvedged  and  the  other  end  string-fringed  like  n°  1 6 — texture  20  x 21. 

It  was  applied  to  the  right  side  of  the  head , then  in  a series  of  spirals  around  the  neck 
and  thorax. 

N°  1 8 is  a mass  of  rags  placed  in  front  of  the  neck,  held  in  position  by  n°  17. 

N®  19  is  a very  ragged  bandage  (3  m.  76  cent,  x 0 m.  16  cent.)  of  close  textured  cloth 
(warp  ii  woof  23),  both  ends  converted  into  string-fringe.  It  was  put  on  in  a 
circular  manner  around  the  hips,  abdomen  and  thorax. 

N®  20  is  a bandage  (3  m.  56  cent,  x 0 m.  27  cent.)  of  fine,  regular  thread  (i3  x 2 4), 
with  one  end  selvedged.  It  was  applied  in  a circular  manner  once  around  the 
abdomen,  then  obliquely  from  the  left  elbow  to  the  right  shoulder  in  front,  then 
behind  the  back  to  the  left  shoulder  and  obliquely  across  the  body  to  the  right  hip. 

N°  2 1 is  a bandage  (3  m.  11  cent,  x 0 m.  1 5 cent.)  composed  of  material  like  n°  20, 
but  with  strings-tassels  like  n°  16.  It  was  applied  in  a circular  manner  around  the 
chest  and  shoulders. 

N®  2 2 is  a large  mass  of  loose  rags  placed  in  front  of  the  chest , parts  of  shirts  of  very 
fine  linen. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


77 


N"  9 3 is  a bandage  3 m.  48  cent,  x o m.  19  cent.)  of  very  regular  even  texture 
(warp  16  woof  9 5),  with  lorn  ends  and  sides.  It  was  applied  circularly  around 
shoulders,  neck,  head,  neck  and  thus  back  to  the  shoulders. 

The  left  forearm  was  then  exposed  lying  separate  on  the  left  side  of  the  abdomen , the 
hand  being  downwards  towards  the  pubes  and  the  upper  ends  of  the  radius  and  ulna 
over  the  lower  left  ribs.  The  right  forearm  is  missing.  The  left  upper  arm  could  not 
be  found  at  this  stage,  but  it  came  to  light  later  on,  lying  between  the  thighs. 

N°  94.  Two  pieces  of  coarse  cloth  (warp  19  woof  17),  each  of  them  0 m.  53  cent. 
X 0 m.  60  cent,  sewn  together  along  the  two  shorter  borders  to  form  an  open  tube. 
It  was  placed  around  the  head  and  neck. 

N°  95  is  a fine  bandage  (3  m.  5o  cent,  x o m.  18  cent.)  with  one  end  fringed,  the 
other  selvedged  — texture  i5  x 3 4.  Beginning  on  the  top  of  the  head  it  was 
applied  in  the  following  manner  : — it  was  brought  down  through  the  right  armpit 
across  the  back  into  the  left  armpit,  thence  across  the  top  of  the  head  in  a transverse 
direction,  being  split  to  enable  it  to  hold  more  firmly  on  the  arched  vertex  of  the 
skull  •:  then  it  passed  through  the  right  armpit  (forwards)  across  the  front  of  the 
chest  to  the  left  armpit,  thence  vertically  upward  behind  and  then  above  the  head 
(where  it  is  again  split)  and  finally  downward  into  the  right  armpit. 

The.  object  of  this  bandage  is  probably  twofold  : — to  fix  the  head  more  firmly  on  the 
body;  and  to  bridge  over  the  gap  between  the  head  and  the  body  and  facilitate  the 
attainment  of  the  customary  form  of  the  wrapped  mummy. 

N°  96  is  a small  sheet  of  fine  linen  (o  m.  75  cent,  x 0 m.  69  cent.)  placed  in  front  of 
the  thighs  — texture , 9 9 x 3 1 . 

When  these  twenty  six  bandages  were  removed  a large  mass  of  pieces  of  exquisitely  fine 
muslin  many  pieces  with  elaborately  fringed  and  coloured  — red  and  blue  — 
borders)  and  clothes  was  exposed  loosely  thrown  around  the  body  in  the  most 
irregular  and  disordered  manner  (pi.  LXIV,  fig.  9).  In  addition  to  the  two  shirts, 
to  which  I have  already  referred  earlier  in  this  account,  there  was  found  in  contact 
with  the  body  a large  loose  mass  which  consisted  of  the  original  wrappings  of  the 
thorax  and  abdomen  of  the  mummy.  It  consisted  of  a large  sheet  of  very  fine,  soft 
muslin  composed  of  particularly  delicate  threads,  of  which  there  were  46  to  the 
centimetre  in  the  warp  and  9 4 in  the  woof.  It  was  folded  on  itself  longitudinally  and 
also  transversely.  As  the  lower  part  of  the  sheet  is  destroyed  its  length  cannot  be 
estimated.  It  is  0 m.  9 5 cent,  wide  and  0 m.  35  cent,  of  this  breadth  is  folded 
over.  Outside  this  fine  muslin  there  was  a sheet  of  coarser,  very  close-textured  linen 
(warp  18  woof  3o);  and  on  the  surface  of  this  there  was  a layer  of  resin -paste 
0 m.  001  mill,  thick.  On  the  surface  of  this  there  was  originally  a large  series  of 
bandages  of  soft  muslin,  0 m.  o4g  mill,  wide,  hut  so  puckered  and  folded  (longi- 
tudinally) as  to  be  only  o m.  o5  cent,  wide,  when  not  flattened  out.  Each  leg  had 
been  wrapped  in  large  quantities  of  very  fine  muslin  bandages.  When  the  leg  was 
completely  covered,  a layer  of  resinous  paste  0 m.  009  mill,  thick  was  spread  over 
the  whole  surface. : another  series  of  bandages  was  then  applied  and  another  layer 
of  paste  and  so  on  until  eight  layers  of  alternate  muslin  and  resinous  paste  (four  of 


78 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


each)  were  put  on.  The  arms  were  treated  in  a similar  manner  and  every  finger  and 
toe  was  wrapped  separately. 

The  plunderers  made  large  gashes  through  this  eight-fold  carapace  on  both  sides  of 

the  right  knee , in  front  of  the  right 
tibia  near  the  ankle , on  the  outer 
side  of  the  left  ankle  and  in  both 
thighs.  By  means  of  these  openings 
they  obtained  a number  of  small 
charms,  but  at  the  same  time  they 
left  some  of  these  objects,  which  I 
found  firmly  embedded  in  the  re- 
sinous capsule  which  enclosed  the 
two  legs. 

These  consist  of  portions  of  long 
strings  of  blue-glaze  eye- amulets 
and  beads  on  both  legs  and  three 
small  human-headed  sphinxes  from 
the  front  of  the  right  knee.  These 
objects  were  firmly  embedded  in 
the  resinous  paste  and  it  was  im- 
possible to  expose  them  in  such  a 
manner  as  to  photograph  them  in 
silu.  In  lieu  of  this  I have  carefully 
determined  the  position  of  each  ob- 
ject in  turn  and  constructed  the  two 
accompanying  plans,  drawn  to  sca- 
le. In  diagram  1 7 the  outlines  of 
the  right  knee-cap  (patella)  and  the 
upper  ends  of  the  tibia  and  fibula 
are  indicated,  as  seen  from  the 
front.  Each  of  the  three  sphinxes 
(A,  B and  C)  was  mounted  on  its 
own  string  and  the  ends  of  the 
strings  were  knotted  behind  the 


CENTIMETRE 

SCALE 

Diagram  17.  A diagram,  accurately  drawn  to  scale,  to  illus- 
trate the  arrangement  of  the  objects  found  around  the  right 
knee  and  leg.  The  outlines  of  part  of  the  skeleton  are  seen. 

Above  the  knee-cap  (patella)  are  seen  three  sphinxes  (A,  B 
and  C)  each  threaded  on  its  own  string.  Lower  down  are 
seen  two  ropes,  the  upper  are  joined  to  a string  hearing 
six  blue-glaze  neyesn. 

The  group  of  ropes  and  the  string  of  heads  at  D are  on  the 
back  of  the  leg  and  are  seen  from  in  front.  The  bones  are 
not  represented  there,  so  as  to  show  these  ropes.  The 
r faces  of  one  of  the  three  «eyesi>  was  applied  to  the  skin  : 
the  plain  surface  of  the  other  two  is  seen. 


knee.  One  of  them  (G)  is  made  of  frit  with  a bright  green  glaze  and  the  other  two 
are  made  of  Amazonite.  This  determination  of  materials  is  M.  Maspero’s. 

On  each  leg  there  were  portions  of  a long  rope,  formed  by  intertwining  two  strips  (each 
0 m.  o3  cent,  wide)  of  longitudinally  rolled  bandage  — each  roll  being  2.5  mill, 
in  diameter  and  the  rope  0 m.  00 5 mill.  Although  only  a few  torn  fragments  have 
been  left  by  the  plunderers,  yet  their  united  length  on  the  right  leg  is  0 m.  62  cent, 
and  even  more  on  the  left.  So  that  originally  there  must  have  been  quite  a long 
rope  wound  around  the  leg  between  the  ankle  and  the  knee. 

At  one  end  the  rope  is  finished  off  in  a conical  form  (Diagrams  1 7 and  1 8),  the  extremity 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


79 


of  one  of  the  bandages  being  wrapped  around  it  and  tied  in  position.  From  the  other 
end  a string  (on  which  beads  and  « sacred  eyes»  are  threaded)  emerges  from  the  rope. 
One  of  the  two  bandages  from  which  the  rope  is  formed  is  wrapped  around  the  string 
for  a distance  of  more  than  three  centimetres.  The  objects  threaded  on  the  string 
are  not  arranged  in  the  same  manner  on  the  two  sides.  On  the  right  leg  the  series 
begins  with  three  cylindrical,  blue-glaze  beads  (each  3 millimetres  long),  then  a 
blue-glaze  «eye»,  then  three  beads  and  so  on  to  the  end.  On  the  left  leg  the  series 
commences  with  three  smaller  beads,  then  a small  blue-glaze  scarab  ( Diagram  1 8,  S) , 


Diagram  t8.  The  ropes  removed  from  the  left  leg  spread  out  it  one  plane.  M represents  the  mesial  line  in 
front  of  the  leg.  S is  a scarab  (plain  face)  with  the  beetle-surface  toward  the  skin.  S'  is  another  scarab 
turned  sideways,  a i centimetres  (7  + i4)  of  the  rope  were  left  out  of  the  drawing  at  the  lower  right  hand 
corner  for  want  of  room. 


then  three  small  beads,  then  an  «eye»  and  the  series  of  alternate  groups  of  three  small 
beads  and  «eyes»  until  the  other  end  is  reached.  There  (Diagram  18,  S')  we  find 
another  scarab,  but  no  small  beads  beyond  it.  Either  in  the  middle  of  this  siring  or 
perhaps  on  a second  string  we  find  long,  cylindrical,  blue-glaze  beads  instead  of  the 
three  small  beads  (diagram  1 8 ). 

The  features  of  the  face  have  been  well  preserved  without  much  distortion ; but  the  face 
(pi.  LXVI)  is  thickly  encrusted  with  resinous  material  as  far  up  as  a line  crossing 
the  frontal  eminences  and  running  obliquely  downward  on  each  side  to  the  upper 
margin  of  the  external  ear.  Unlike  the  case  of  Siphtah’s  mummy  where  the  features 
were  completely  hidden  and  disguised  by  the  paste  covering  it,  the  contour  of 
Seti  II”d’,  face  is  quite  evident,  and  its  life-like  appearance  is  enhanced  by  the  fact  that 
the  resin  has  cracked  along  the  lines  of  the  palpebral  clefts. 

There  is  little  resemblance  to  the  other  XIXth  Dynasty  Pharaohs  in  Seti  IInd * features, 


80 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


but  they  recall  in  a striking  manner  those  of  the  XVIII*1*  Dynasty.  The  small,  narrow, 
high-bridged  aquiline  nose  is  not  unlike  that  of  Amenothes  II  and  Thoutmosis  IV. 
The  marked  projection  of  the  upper  teeth  and  the  hanging  lower  jaw  are  other 
points  of  resemblance  to  the  royal  family  of  the  preceding  dynasty,  and  of  contrast 
to  the  orthognathous  heavy-jawed  XIXth  Dynasty  rulers. 

In  the  intervals  where  the  resin  has  peeled  off  the  lips,  chin  and  cheeks  no  trace  of 
hair  is  visible  except  on  the  right  edge  of  the  mandible,  where  I was  able  to  detect 
(with  the  aid  of  a lens)  eight  hairs  a little  more  than  one  millimetre  long. 

The  scalp  is  studded  with  closely-clipped  (less  than  3 millimetres  long),  dark  brown, 
straight  hair. 


Although  the  skin  of  the  cheeks , so  far  as  it  is  visible , is  quite  smooth  and  unwrinkled , 
there  are  several  folds  of  skin  below  each  ear  parallel  to  the  posterior  margin  of  the 
mandible. 

The  cranium  is  a small  pentagonoid  (Diagram  1 9)  0 m.  1 8 7 mill.  long  and  0 m.  1 h 1 mill. 

broad  : the  minimal  frontal  breadth  is  0 m.  097  mill.;  and 
the  circumference,  0 m.  5 20  mill. 

There  is  marked  flattening  of  the  left  side  of  the  chest. 

The  ensiform  cartilage  is  ossified  and  completely  ankylosed  to  the 
mesosternum.  This  suggests  that  Seti  II  must  have  been  a middle- 
aged  man. 

The  embalming  incision  (now  in  great  part  destroyed,  as  the  result 
of  the  destructive  work  of  the  tomb-robbers)  was  situated  along- 
side the  outer  half  of  the  left  Poupart’s  ligament  and  on  the  inner 
side  of  the  iliac  crest.  It  had  been  sewn  up  with  a narrow  strip  of  bandage  as  in  the 
case  of  Siphtah’s  mummy. 

The  whole  scrotum  and  the  greater  part  of  the  penis  have  been  broken  off  and  lost. 
This  was  not  done  by  the  embalmers , but  is  one  of  the  many  injuries  inflicted  upon 
this  body  by  the  tomb-robbers.  The  penis  was  hanging  vertically  and  was  bandaged. 
The  left  side  of  the  pubes  and  the  skin  covering  it  were  knocked  off  and  lost.  The 
anus  is  plastered  over  with  resinous  material. 

The  undue  prominence  of  the  head  of  the  astragalus  and  the  antero-lateral  edges  of 
the  caleaneum  seems  to  indicate  that  the  feet  were  forcibly  bent  straight  after  the 
tissues  had  become  softened.  This  must  not  he  confused  with  the  condition  of  talipes 
equino-varus  seen  in  Siphtah,  nor  does  it  justify  the  statements  of  certain  writers 
that  the  embalmers  deliberately  and  of  set  purpose  dislocated  the  feet  of  mummies, 
"to  prevent  them  from  walkings.  There  is  no  dislocation,  in  the  proper  sense  of  the 
term ; and  what  displacement  there  is  has  obviously  been  produced  simply  by  forcing 
the  feet  into  the  conventional  mummy-position. 

That  this  explanation  is  the  true  one  is  shown  by  the  fact  that  there  is  an  analogous 
displacement  of  the  carpus.  The  hand  and  wrist  are  twisted  much  further  forward 
(in  relation  to  the  carpal  extremity  of  the  radius)  than  is  possible  naturally  in  the 
living  body. 

The  right  forearm  and  hand  are  missing.  When  I restored  the  fragments  of  the  left 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


81 


arm  to  the  positions  they  had  occupied  when  the  body  was  mummified , the  hand 
came  to  lie  in  front  of  the  right  shoulder.  It  was  bent  back  45°  from  the  line  of  the 
forearm.  The  thumb  was  placed  in  close  approximation  to  the  index  and  fully 
extended  : but  the  four  fingers  were  flexed  at  the  metacarpo-phalangeal  and  proximal 
interphalangeal  joints  and  extended  at  the  distal  interphalangeal  joints. 

The  following  measurements  will  enable  the  reader  to  reconstruct  from  plate  XLV  the 
exact  proportions  of  the  body  and  compare  them  with  the  various  canons  : 


Metre  mill. 


Height i 64o 

Height  of  suprasternal  notch l 3o4 

Height  of  upper  margin  of  the  symphysis  pubis o 85o 

Height  of  nasal  spine  above  the  symphysis  puhis o 68o 

Left  tibia  (with  internal  malleolus) o 370 

Left  tibia  — estimated  length  (without  malleolus) o 355 

Height  of  upper  border  of  the  right  great  trochanter  above  the 

external  condyle  of  the  femur o 427 

Bitrochanteric  breadth '. . . o 273 

Bi-iliac  breadth o a56 

Distance  between  anterior  iliac  spines o 198 

Maximum  breadth  of  chest o 2 45 

Biacromial  breadth , o 3a5 

Height,  chin  to  vertex o 19a 

Height,  chin  to  glabella o i3o 

Height,  upper  lip  to  glabella o 087 

Height,  nasal  spine  to  glabella o o65 


61082.  Mummy  of  an  unknown  woman  «D»  found  in  the  coffin -lid  of 
Setnakhiti  (pi.  LXVII  and  XLVIII). 

This  is  one  of  the  mummies  found  by  M.  Loret  in  the  tomb  of  Amenothes  II  in  1898. 
It  was  lying  in  a broken  coffin-lid  bearing  the  name  Setnakhiti  and  was  supposed 
to  be  the  mummy  of  that  king,  until  the  year  1905,  when  I removed  the  wrappings 
(July  5th)  and  found  it  to  be  the  body  of  a woman. 

In  the  process  of  unwrapping  the  mummy  I was  assisted  by  M.  Daressy  and 
Mr.  Howard  Carter. 

The  condition  in  which  the  mummy  was  found  is  shown  in  plate  LXVII , fig.  1 . 

The  roughly  applied  bandages  had  been  disturbed  (by  ancient  tomb-robbers)  in  the 
front  of  the  body  and  on  the  head;  and  through  the  wrappings  a bunch  of  curls 
projected  from  the  left  side  of  the  head  (compare  figs.  1 and  2,  pi.  LXVII). 

The  bandages  had  been  applied  so  carelessly  that  there  is  no  need  for  a detailed  account 
of  their  arrangement. 

A large  quantity  of  bandage  (0  m.  180  mill,  wide)  was  unrolled  from  the  legs  and 
body.  The  inner  sides  of  the  thighs  were  padded  with  large  quantities  of  coarse 
cloth  of  different  textures.  Underneath  these  there  were  spirally-wound  bandages  on 
each  leg,  starting  at  the  thigh  on  the  left  leg,  and  the  ankle  on  the  right.  Under 


Catal . du  Mush,  n°  6io5i. 


11 


82 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSEE  DU  CA1RE. 


these  a shirt  had  been  placed  in  front  each  leg;  and  underneath  there  was  a second 
shirt,  one  of  the  ends  of  which  was  on  the  side  of  the  thigh  : it  was  brought  round 
the  foot  and  up  on  the  other  side  of  the  leg. 

On  the  sole  of  each  foot  there  was  a large  mass,  wrapped  in  coarse  cloth,  and  fixed  in 
position  by  bandages  of  the  leg  which  passed  around  it.  The  parcel  on  the  right 
foot  contained  a mass  of  epidermis  mixed  with  large  quantities  of  natron  : that  on 
the  left  portions  of  viscera  with  similar  preservative  material.  The  epidermis  had 
been  removed  from  the  soles  of  the  feet  for  the  most  part  and  the  small  remaining 
fragment  had  a clean-cut  edge. 

After  removing  a series  of  bandages  from  the  head , some  of  which  had  been  wound  in 
a circular  manner  and  others  forming  a figure-of-8  around  the  head  and  neck,  the 
hair  was  found  to  be  enclosed  in  cloths  tied  like  those  of  modern  Egyptian  girls.  A 
piece  of  linen  about  the  size  of  an  ordinary  handkerchief  was  placed  upon  the  head 
and  its  lateral  corners  brought  round  to  the  forehead  and  tied  in  a knot. 

Neither  the  fingers  nor  the  toes  were  wrapped  separately. 

The  body  is  1 m.  58g  mill.  high.  The  head  is  o m.  1 go  mill,  long  and  o m.  i48  mill, 
broad  — exceptionally  large  figures  for  a woman  — and  its  shape  was  beloid.  The 
arms  were  placed  vertically  at  the  sides , the  hands  being  upon  the  lateral  surfaces 
of  the  thighs. 

The  mummy  had  escaped  all  damage  at  the  hands  of  tomb-robbers,  excepting  that  a 
large  rounded  hole  had  been  made  through  the  brittle  anterior  abdominal  wall  in 
the  epigastrium  (pi.  LXVII,  fig.  2). 

The  second  and  third  toes  of  the  left  foot  were  bent  sharply  upward ; but  this  had  been 
done  when  the  body  was  still  plastic. 

The  right  foot  is  o m.  211  mill,  long  and  0 m.  o58  mill,  broad. 

The  oblique  length  of  each  femur  is  estimated  at  about  0 m.  li 36  mill.;  the  axial 
length  of  the  tibia  at  0 m.  336  mill.;  the  oblique  length  of  the  humerus  at  0 m. 
ag5  mill.;  and  the  axial  length  of  the  radius,  0 m.  a3o  mill. 

The  left  hand  is  0 m.  170  mill.  long.  The  breadth  across  the  iliac  crests  is  0 m. 
2 45  mill. 

The  body  is  that  of  an  extremely  emaciated  woman  with  apparently  complete  atrophy 
(?  senile)  of  the  breasts.  Her  hair  is  well  preserved  and  has  been  made  into  a series 
of  sharply-rolled  curls , of  the  variety  distinguished  by  modern  ladies  by  the  name 
« Empire » (pi.  LXVII).  She  had  a prominent,  narrow,  high-bridged,  «Ramesside» 
nose;  but  the  pressure  of  the  bandages  has  distorted  the  cartilaginous  part  and 
marred  its  beauty.  She  had  a straight  line,  of  brow,  and  a long  hanging  jaw.  The 
packing  of  the  mouth  has  given  the  lips  a pouting  expression  and  further  disturbed 
the  natural  profile  of  the  face. 

There  is  a large  widely-gaping  elliptical  embalming-wound  (pi.  LXVII,  fig.  2)  placed 
obliquely,  with  its  long  axis  parallel  to  Poupart’s  ligament.  It  extends  as  far  as  the 
symphysis  pubis  below  (internally)  and  beyond  the  anterior  superior  spine  of  the 
ilium  above  (externally).  A large  pad  of  linen  had  been  pushed  against  the  perineal 
region  — not  the  perineum  proper,  so  much  as  the  neighbourhood  of  the  obturator 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


83 


foramina — producing  large  depressions  (pi.  LXVII,  fig.  a)  at  the  inner  side  of 
each  femoral  neck. 

There  was  no  sign  of  any  writing  or  any  inscription  that  might  indicate  the  identity  of 
this  woman. 

ThtT complete  absence  of  any  attempt  at  packing  the  limbs  or  trunk , as  well  as  the 
situation  of  the  embalming  wound,  demonstrate  that  the  body  was  mummified  before 
the  beginning  of  the  XXl“  Dynasty. 

The  texture  of  the  tissues,  the  light  colour  of  the  skin,  and  the  absence  of  any  of  the 
discoloration  that  was  the  rule  up  till  the  time  of  Seti  I , and  other  details  of  the 
embalmer’s  technique , indicate  that  this  body  was  not  mummified  before  the  latter 
part  of  the  XIXth  Dynasty. 

The  position  of  the  arms  gives  us  no  information , for  I have  already  called  attention 
to  the  fact  (see  the  accounts  of  the  mummies  of  the  women  in  Amenothes  II”'1  * tomb 
and  that  of  Thuaa)  that  the  conventions  adopted  in  the  case  of  men  did  not  apply 
to  women.  At  all  periods  the  mummies  of  women  had  their  hands  alongside  the 
thighs,  although  there  were  occasional  exceptions  to  this  rule  (as  for  example  the 
elder  woman  in  Amenothes  IInd*  tomb). 

The  nature  and  situation  of  the  embalming-wound  varies  a good  deal  from  reign  to 
reign.  In  this  mummy  it  is  placed  alongside  Poupart’s  ligament,  as  was  customary 
in  the  latter  part  of  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty.  But  the  state  of  preservation  of  the  mummy 
puts  this  period  out  of  the  question.  In  the  early  part  of  the  XIXth  Dynasty  it  was 
the  rule  to  extend  the  embalming  wound  upwards  into  the  iliac  region;  but  at  the 
close  of  that  Dynasty  (in  the  mummies  of  Siphtah  and  Seti  II)  the  embalmers  retur- 
ned to  the  late  XVIIIth  Dynasty  convention,  as  in  this  mummy;  and  in  the  XXth 
Dynasty  (Ramses  IV  and  V)  the  early  XIXth  Dynasty  (Ramses  II  and  Menephtah) 
site  once  more  becomes  the  fashionable  one.  In  the  XXP‘  and  XXIInd  Dynasty  the 
early  XVIIIth  Dynasty  site  (high  or  suprailiac  incision)  comes  into  vogue. 

Thus  on  the  evidence  of  the  site  of  the  embalming  incision  one  might  be  inclined  to 
put  this  mummy  into  the  same  group  as  Siphlah’s  and  Seti  IInd*.  But  in  the  case 
of  both  of  these  mummies,  as  well  as  in  that  of  Ramses  IV  (it  is  not  known  how 
the  wound  was  treated  in  Ramses  III)  the  incision  was  stitched  up,  whereas  it  is 
gaping  in  this  woman’s  mummy.  However  two  mummies  of  the  same  date  (for 
instance,  Ioutya’s  and  Thoutyou’s)  may  be  treated  in  different  ways. 

Then  again  there  is  the  nature  of  stuffing-material  in  the  body  cavity  — the  use  of 
strips  of  linen.  Seti  II  had  hard  resin-impregnated  linen,  like  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty 
mummies,  whereas  Siphtah  and  Ramses  IV  had  dried  lichen.  From  this  it  seems 
that  the  end  of  the  XIXth  and  the  commencement  of  the  XXth  Dynasties  represent  a 
transition  period  when  experiments  were  being  made  in  new  forms  of  packing- 
material.  In  the  mummy  under  consideration  ordinary  linen  bandages,  not  treated 
with  resin , were  employed.  The  fact  that  no  attempt  was  made  to  make  artificial 
eyes  favours  the  view  that  the  mummy  was  earlier  than  Ramses  IV,  although 
this  kind  of  evidence  is  not  altogether  conclusive,  as  the  mummy  of  Ramses  V 
shows. 


84 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSEE  DU  CAIRE. 


On  the  other  hand  the  practice  of  stuffing  the  cheeks  (pi.  LXVIII)  does  not  begin 
until  the  time  of  Siphtah , so  far  as  I am  aware. 

The  evidence  is  quite  conclusive  that  this  mummy  belongs  to  the  XIXth  -XXth  epoch 
and  there  is  a good  deal  to  suggest  that  it  was  either  very  late  XIXth  or  very  early 
XXth. 

The  fact  that  it  was  associated  with  a group  of  mummies  of  kings  suggests  that  this 
lady  was  also  a member  of  the  royal  family. 

It  is  a very  suggestive  fact  — though  it  may  be  a mere  coincidence  — that  the  only 
woman’s  tomb  of  the  XIXth-XXth  date  that  is  known  in  the  Bib&n  el  Molouk  was 
made  for  Tauosrlt,  the  consort  in  succession  Siphtah  and  ofSetill,  to  whose  times 
the  technique  of  the  mummification  has  led  us  to  assign  this  body. 

61083.  The  Mummy  of  Ramses  III  (pi.  L,  LI  and  LII). 

The  account  of  the  unwrapping  of  this  mummy,  which  took  place  on  June  t*‘,  1886, 
in  the  presence  of  His  Highness  the  Khedive  Tewfik,  is  given  in  Les  Momies  royales, 
p.  563-566  (see  also  p.  767),  and  also  in  the  Procfo-verbal  de  I’ouverlure  des 
Momies  de  Ramsfa  II  et  Ramsfa  III  (Bulletin  de  1’Institut  4gyptien,  1886),  from 
which  the  following  account  is  taken,  and  reproduced  in  M.  Maspero’s  words. 

« Vers  dix  heures  moins  dix  minutes,  la  momie  n°  5929  fut  retiree  a son  tour  de  la 
cage  en  verre.  Elle  avait  et4  trouv4e  dans  le  grand  sarcophage  n“  5947,  ainsi 
qu’une  autre  momie  sale  et  d4guenillt$e.  Comme  le  sarcophage  porte  le  nom  de 
Nofritari,  femme  du  roi  Ahmos  I"  de  la  XVIIIm’  dynastie,  on  en  avait  conclu  que  la 
momie  n°  5229  4tait  celle  de  cette  reine.  L’autre  momie  aurait  appartenu  a une  prin- 
cesse  encore  inconnue,  et  aurait  4t4  plac4e  a c6t4  de  Nofritari  par  les  prtHres  charges 
de  cacher  les  cercueils  royaux  dans  le  trou  de  Deir-el-Bahari.  Relegude  aux  ma- 
gasins  du  Mus^e,  elle  acheva  de  s’y  corrompre  et  r4pandit  bientot  une  telle  odeur 
qu’il  devint  necessaire  de  s’en  debarrasser.  On  1’ouvrit  done  et  on  reconnut  quelle 
etait  emmaiilotee  avec  soin , mais  le  cadavre  fut  a peine  expos^  a 1’air  qu’il  tomba 
litteralement  en  putrefaction  et  il  se  mit  a en  suinter  un  pus  noirAtre  d’une  puanteur 
insupportable.  On  constata  que  e’etait  une  femme  d’age  mur  et  de  taille  moyenne , 
appartenant  a la  race  blanche.  Les  bandelettes  n’avaient  aucune  trace  d’ecriture, 
mais  un  lambeau  d’4toffe,  d4couvert  dans  le  sarcophage  n°  5 247,  avait  une  sc4ne 
d’adoration  du  roi  Ramses  III,  a deux  formes  d’Amon.  Une  courte  legende , mi- 
partie  en  hi4roglyphes  cursifs,  mi-partie  en  hi4ratique,  nous  apprit  que  le  linge 
ainsi  decor4  etait  un  don  du  chef  blanchisseur  de  la  maison  royale,  et  on  pensa  que 
la  momie  anonyme  etait  d’une  des  nombreuses  soeurs,  femme  ou  filles  de  Ramses  III. 

La  momie  n°  5229  etait  envelopp4e  proprement  d’une  toile  de  couleur  orange,  fix4e  par 
des  bandelettes  de  toile  ordinaire.  Elle  ne  portait  aucune  inscription  apparente;  on 
voyait  seulement  autour  de  la  t£te  un  bandeau  couvert  de  figures  mystiques. 
M.  Maspero  rappela  a S.  A.  le  Khedive  que  Nofritari  est  repr4sentee  peinte  en  noir 
dans  certains  tableaux,  mais  que  d’autres  monuments  lui  attribuent  le  teint  jaune  et 
les  cheveux  lisses  des  femmes  4gyptiennes.  De  14  des  discussions  interminables 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


85 


entre  les  egy ptologues , les  uns  prCtendant  que  la  reine  Ctait  une  negresse , les  autres 
affirmant  que  la  couleur  noire  de  son  visage  et  de  son  corps  Ctait  une  simple  fiction 
des  prCtres  : son  culte,  tr£s  rCpandu  a Thebes,  en  faisait  une  forme  d’Halhor,  la 
dCesse  noire,  la  dCesse  de  la  mort  et  des  tCnebres.  L’ouverture  de  la  momie  n°  5229 
allait  probablement  resoudre  a tout  jamais  ce  probleme  d’bistoire.  La  toile  d’orange 
dCtachCe,  on  aper^ut,  sur  le  linceul  en  toile  blancbe  qui  venait  imm£diatement  au- 
dessous , une  inscription  en  quatre  lignes  : « L’an  XIII  et  le  second  mois  de  Sbemou , 
le  28,  ce  jour-la,  le  premier  proph&te  d’Amon,  roi  des  dieux,  Pinotmou,  fils  du 
premier  prophCte  d’Amon  Pi6nkh,  le  scribe  du  temple  Zosersoukbonsou,  et  le  scribe 
de  la  nCcropole  Boutebamon , aHCrent  restaurer  le  dCfunt  roi  Ousirmari-Miamoun  et 
1’etablir  pour  I'Cternite.  v Ce  qu’on  avait  pris  jusqu’alors  pour  Nofritari  Ctait  done  le 
cadavre  de  Ramses  III,  et  la  momie  anonyme  Ctait  sans  doute  Nofritari.  Ce  point 
constate,  Ramses  III  fut  dressC  sur  ses  pieds  et  photographic  dans  son  costume  de 
bandelettes.  Si  courte  que  ffit  la  pose,  elle  parut  longue  encore  au  grC  des  spec- 
tateurs.  La  pCripCtie  qui  substituait  un  des  grands  conquCrants  de  1’^gypte  a la  reine 
la  plus  vCnCrCe  de  la  XVIIIm"  dynaslie  les  avait  surpris  et  excitCs  au  plus  haut  degrC  : 
le  dCpouillement  recommenca  au  milieu  de  1’impatience  gCnCrale.  Tous  avaient 
quittC  leur  place  et  se  pressaient  pCle-mCle  autour  des  opCrateurs.  Trois  Cpaisseurs 
de  bandelettes  disparurent  rapidement,  puis  on  fut  arrCte  par  un  maillot  de  canevas 
cousu  et  enduit  de  poix,  puis,  cette  gaine  fendue  a coups  de  ciseau,  de  nouvelles 
couches  de  linge  se  firent  jour  a travers  1’ouverture;  la  momie  semblait  fondre  et 
se  dCrober  sous  nos  doigts.  Quelques-unes  des  toiles  portaient  des  tableaux  et  des 
iCgendes  a 1’encre  noire  : le  dieu  Ammon  est  assis  sur  son  tr6ne,  et,  au-dessus,  une 
ligne  d’hiCroglyphes  nous  apprend  que  cette  bandelette  a CtC  fabriquCe  et  offerte  par 
un  dCvot  du  temps  ou  par  une  princesse  de  sang  royal,  «par  la  dame  chanteuse 
d’Amon-Ra,  roi  des  dieux,  Fa'itaatnimout,  fille  du  premier  prophete  d’Amon, 
Pionkh,  pour  que  le  dieu  Amon  lui  accordat  vie,  santC  et  forces.  Deux  pectoraux  se 
dissimulaient  sous  les  plis  de  1’Ctoffe  : le  premier,  en  bois  dorC,  n’avait  que  la 
representation  ordinaire  d’Isis  et  Nephthys  adorant  le  Soleil;  mais  1’autre,  en  or 
pur,  Clait  RamsCs  III.  Une  derniere  gaine  de  canevas  poisse,  un  dernier  linceul  de 
toile  rouge , un  desappointement  vivement  ressenti  par  1’assistance  : la  face  Ctait 
noyCe  dans  une  masse  compacte  de  goudron  qui  empCchait  de  distinguer  les  traits. 
Aonze  heures  vingt  minutes,  S.  A.  le  KhCdive  quitta  la  salle. 

Les  operations  furent  reprises  dans  Tap^s-midi  du  mCme  jour  el  dans  la  matinCe  du 
3 juin.  Un  nouvel  examen  des  bandelettes  a permis  de  reconnaltre  des  inscriptions 
sur  deux  d’entre  elles;  la  premiere  est  de  Tan  IX,  la  seconde  de  Tan  X du  grand 
prCtre  d’Amon,  Pitolmou  I®.  Le  groudron,  attaquC  prudemment  au  ciseau  par 
M.  Alexandre  Barsanti,  sculpteur  adjoint  au  MusCe,  se  dCtacha  peu  peu.  Les  traits 
sont  moins  conserves  que  ceux  de  Ramses  II ; on  peut  cependant  recomposer  jusqu’a 
un  certain  point  le  portrait  du  conquCrant.  La  t£te  et  la  face  sont  rasCcs  de  pris 
et  ne  montrent  aucune  trace  de  cheveux  ou  de  barbe.  Le  front,  sans  Ctre  ni  trCs 
large,  ni  trCs  haut,  est  mieux  proportionnC  que  celui  de  RamsCs  II;  l’arcade  sourci- 
liere  est  moins  forte,  les  pommettes  sont  moins  saillantes,  le  nez  moins  arquC,  le 


86 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


menton  et  la  machoire  moins  lourds.  Les  yeux  Ataient  peut-Atre  plus  grands , mais 
on  ne  peut  rien  affirmer  a cet  Agard  : les  paupiAres  avaient  4l<5  arrachAes,  la  cavity 
avait  AtA  vidAe,  puis  remplie  de  chiffons.  L’oreille  est  moins  AcartAe  du  crAne  que 
celle  de  Ramses  II ; elle  est  percAe  pour  recevoir  des  pendants.  La  bouche  est  dAme- 
surAment  grande,  les  Icvres  minces  laissent  apercevoir  des  dents  blanches  et  bien 
rangAes;  la  premiere  molaire  de  droite  semble  s’Alre  brisee  a moitiA  ou  s’Atre  usAe 
plus  vite  que  les  autres.  Le  corps , vigoureux  et  bien  muscle , est  celui  d’un  homme 
de  soixante-cinq  ans.  La  peau  ridAe  forme  derriere  la  nuque,  sous  le  menton,  aux 
hanches,  aux  articulations,  des  plis  enormes  imbriquAs  1’un  sur  1’autre;  le  roi  Atait 
obAse  au  moment  de  la  mort.  Bref,  RamsAs  III  est  comme  une  imitation  reduite  et 
floue  de  Ramses  II;  la  pbysionomie  est  plus  fine  et,  somme  toute,  plus  intelligente , 
mais  la  taille  est  moins  haute,  les  Apaules  sont  moins  larges,  la  vigueur  <5tait 
moindre.  Ce  qu’il  Atait  lui-mAme  A la  personne , son  rAgne  Test  au  rAgne  de  RamsAs  II : 
des  guerres , non  plus  A distance , en  Syrie  ou  en  ^thiopie , mais  aux  bouches  du 
Nil  et  sur  les  frontiAres  de  l’figypte , des  constructions , mais  le  mauvais  style  et  d’exA- 
cution  bAtive,  une  piAtA  aussi  fastueuse,  mais  avec  des  ressources  moindres , une 
vanitA  aussi  effrAnAe,  et  un  dAsir  tel  de  copier  en  tout  son  illustre  prAdAcesseur 
qu’il  donna  A ses  fils  les  noms  des  fils  de  RamsAs  II  et  presque  dans  le  mAme 
ordre. 

Les  deux  momies , replacAes  dans  leurs  cages  aprAs  une  lAgAre  prAparation , seront  dA- 
sormais  exposAes  A visage  dAcouvert  comme  celle  du  prAtre  Nibsoni.  n 

Professor  Virchow  makes  the  following  statements , among  others , in  reference  to  this 
mummy.  «Wie  es  scheint,  stand  dieser  Pharao  in  einem  Verwandtschafts-Ver- 
haltniss  zu  Nachkommen  von  Ramses  II.  In  der  That  erinnert  seine  Mumie  in  ihrer 
ganz  modernen  Gesammterscheinung  an  der  von  Seti  I.  Der  noch  erhaltene  innere 
Mumiendeckel  is  ahnlich,  nur  zeigt  er  eine  am  Riicken  eingebogene  Nase.  Die 
aussere  Hulse  gehorte  urspriinglisch  Nefert-ari  an.  Der  Kopf  ist  von  kraftigem  Aus- 
sehen,  die  Stirn  gross  und  hoch,  mit  schwachen  Wulsten  besetzt.  Der  Scheirtel 
hoch.  Auch  dieser  Kopf  ist  dolicocephal  (Index  73-g)  und  wahrscheinlich  ortho- 
cephal  (Ohrhohenindex  63-5).  Das  Gesicht  ist  stark  entstellt  dadurch,  dass  man, 
wahrscheinlich  bei  der  Einbalsamirung,  die  xMundwinkel  durch  lange,  schrag  nach 
unten  gerichtete  Schnitte  verlangert  hat.  Der  Gesichtsindex  (89-6)  erreicht  fast  die 
Leptoprosopie,  dagegen  hat  die  grosse  und  gekrummte  Nase  einen  verhaltnissmas- 
sig  hohen  Index  (58-9),  abhangig  von  der  grosseren  Breite  der  Nasenfliigel.  Die 
oberlippe  ist  viel  kiirzer  als  die  der  fruheren  Ronige.  Die  Kiefer  ortbognath.  Das 
Rinn  hoch  angesetzt  und  etwas  eckig.  Korperlange  1 m.  683  mill,  -n  ( Die  Mumim 
der  Konige  itn  Museum  von  Bulaq,  op.  cit.  supra,  p.  776). 

Virchow  (p.  786)  gives  the  following  measurements  : cranial  length,  0 m.  192  mill.; 
cranial  breadth,  0 m.  lAa  mill;  auricular  height,  0 m.  122  mill.;  circumference, 
5/17 ; minimal  frontal  hreadth;  total  facial  height,  0 m.  121  mill.;  upper  facial 
height  (measured  to  lip),  0 m.  073  mill.;  bizygomatic  breadth;  bigonial  breadth, 
o m.  102  mill.;  nasal  height  and  breadth,  0 m.  o56  mill,  and  0 m.  o33  mill. 

As  the  resin -impregnated  linen  carapace  investing  this  mummy  is  quite  complete. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


87 


excepting  the  head-portion,  which  was  removed  in  1886  (see  M.  Maspero’s  account 
quoted  above)  it  was  deemed  undesirable  to  interfere  with  it.  Hence  we  have  no 
direct  information  concerning  the  treatment  of  the  body  of  Ramses  III;  hut  the 
details  of  the  embalmer’s  technique  were  so  similar  in  the  late  XIXth  (as  revealed 
in  the  mummies  of  Siphtah  and  Seti  II)  and  the  XXth  (as  seen  in  Ramses  IV  and 
his  successors)  that  it  is  unlikely  this  mummy  would  have  thrown  any  new  light 
upon  the  methods  of  mummification.  It  would  have  been  of  same  interest  to  learn 
whether  any  protecting  plate  was  placed  over  the  embalming  wound;  and  if  so 
whether  it  was  of  the  oblong  form  (with  the  eye-design  stamped  upon  it)  as  in  the 
XXI*1  Dynasty  or  the  plain  leaf-life  form  used  in  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty. 

Such  a point  as  this  would  easily  be  determined  by  the  use  of  the  X-rays  without 
damaging  the  mummy  or  its  wrappings;  and  at  the  same  time  the  question  of  the 
presence  or  absence  of  amulets  analogous  to  those  found  on  Seti  II  could  be  settled. 

- There  are  several  features  of  this  mummy  that  may  be  regarded  as  innovations. 

The  hands  are  not  flexed  as  in  mummies  of  the  late  XVIIIth,  and  XIXth  Dynasties;  but 
are  fully  extended  with  the  palms  resting  upon  the  shoulders.  As  this  full  extension 
of  both  hands,  in  association  with  flexed  elbows,  occurs  also  in  Ramses  IV  and 
Ramses  V and  in  all  probability  in  the  case  of  Ramses  VI  also,  vide  infra),  but  in 
no  other  mummies , it  can  be  regarded  as  a distinctive  feature  of  the  XXth  Dynasty 
mummification. 

Artificial  eyes  are  found  in  this  mummy  (pi.  LI),  and  although  it  became  the  custom 
from  this  time  onward  to  improve  the  appearance  of  the  mummy’s  face  by  inserting 
linen , stone  or  some  other  material  to  fill  out  the  eyelids  and  represent  the  eyes , 
the  mummy  of  Ramses  III  is , I believe , the  earliest  in  which  such  a device  has  been 
found. 

In  appearance  Ramses  III  presents  a considerable  likeness  to  the  three  earlier  kings  of 
the  XIXth  Dynasty  described  in  this  Catalogue. 

61084.  The  Mummy  of  Ramses  IV  (pi.  L1II,  LIV  and  LVII). 

This  is  one  of  the  mummies  found  by  M.  Loret  in  1898  in  the  tomb  of  Amenothes  II. 
The  wrappings  were  removed  by  me  in  the  Cairo  Museum  on  June  a4th,  1905. 

The  ancient  grave-plunderers  stripped  this  mummy  of  all  its  wrappings;  and  when  it 
was  reclothed  in  the  succeeding  dynasty  all  that  was  done  was  simply  to  throw 
around  the  body  a mass  of  rags  with  a few  simple  bandages  to  hold  them  in  posi- 
tion , and  then  place  a shroud  around  it. 

The  name  of  Ramses  IV  was  written  in  ink  upon  this  shroud , as  well  as  upon  the  lid 
of  the  wooden  coffin  in  which  it  was  found. 

Ramses  IV  was  a man  1 m.  60 h mill,  in  height.  He  was  almost  quite  bald,  only  a 
very  narrow  fringe  of  hair  (cut  quite  close  to  the  scalp)  remaining  on  the  temples 
and  occiput.  The  complete  closure  of  the  lambdoid  and  posterior  part  of  the  sagittal 
sutures  (the  only  regions  available  for  examination)  suggests  an  age  of  at  least  fifty 
years  and  probably  more. 


88 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSEE  DU  CAIRE. 


The  body  is  in  a good  state  of  preservation  , but  the  bandages  are  adherent  to  the  skin 
in  most  places.  The  skin  is  darkened  so  as  to  be  almost  black  in  most  regions  of 
the  body ; but  the  face  and  scalp  are  quite  a light  brown  colour. 

The  face  was  clean  shaven  and  it  requires  a lens  to  detect  the  presence  of  the  closely 
cut  hair  on  the  lips  and  chin. 

A crescentic  band  of  black  paint  (8  millimetres  in  vertical  extent  at  its  widest  part) 
extends  across  the  whole  supraorbital  area. 

A great  part  of  the  skin  of  the  forehead  has  been  eaten  by  beetles  or  some  other  insects. 

In  front  of  each  collapsed  eye  a small  onion  had  been  pushed  under  the  eyelids  to 
simulate  the  real  eyes.  The  effect  was  more  successful  than  one  might  imagine 
possible.  The  light  brown  colour  of  the  dried  onion  distending  the  eyelids  harmonises 
with  the  colour  of  the  skin  and  lends  quite  a natural  appearance  to  the  whole 
face. 

In  placing  the  mummy  in  the  vertical  position  for  the  purpose  of  photographing  it 
(pi.  L1II  and  L1V),  the  onions  have  fallen  on  to  the  lower  eyelids. 

In  the  account  of  Ramses  III  I referred  to  the  use  of  artificial  eyes  as  being  an 
innovation  in  the  XXth  Dynasty , which  became  a regular  custom  afterwards. 

Through  the  nostrils  the  brain  was  removed  and  the  cranial  cavity  packed  with  a 
reddish  resin  in  a state  of  powder.  The  nose  was  then  packed  with  a resinous  paste 
(which  is  now  set  into  a mass  of  stony  hardness),  and  the  surface  of  this  paste  in 
each  nostril  was  covered  with  the  scale  of  an  onion. 

The  pressure  of  the  embalmer  s bandages  has  flattened  the  cartilaginous  part  of  the 
nose  (pi.  LIV);  but  there  is  no  doubt  that  Ramses  IV  had  the  prominent  aquiline 
nose  suggestive  of  his  forerunners  of  the  XIXth  Dynasty,  associated  however  with  a 
prominence  of  the  upper  teeth  such  as  distinguished  the  royal  family  in  the  XVIIIth 
Dynasty  and  Seti  II  in  the  XIXth. 

The  mouth  is  filled  with  a black  resinous  paste , which  is  also  spread  over  the  lips  in 
a band  about  1 3 millimetres  broad.  Part  of  this  mass  was  loose  in  the  space 
between  the  lips  and  I removed  it  so  as  to  expose  seven  of  the  upper  teeth.  They 
were  regular  and  healthy,  but  well  worn. 

Ramses  IV  has  a moderately  long  oval  face. 

The  ears  are  small  and  shrunken.  There  is  no  definite  evidence  to  prove  that  they 
were  pierced , although  analogy  with  other  mummies  suggests  the  probability  that 
the  lobules  might  have  been  perforated.  The  lobule  of  the  right  ear  is  represented 
by  two  small  nodules.  It  is  quite  possible  that  they  represent  the  remains  of  a 
greatly  stretched  ring  of  lobule,  which  has  been  torn  right  through. 

In  the  left  parietal  bone,  just  in  front  of  the  lambdoid  suture,  there  is  a large  irre- 
gularly triangular  hole  in  the  cranial  vault  : its  edges  measure  5,  A. 9 and  A. 8 
centimetres  respectively  (pi.  LVII,  the  figure  on  the  right  side).  It  is  clear  that  it 
was  done  after  the  process  of  mummification.  At  one  time  I was  inclined  to  regard 
this  injury  as  the  result  of  the  attempts  of  plunderers  to  hastily  remove  the  wrap- 
pings from  the  head  by  hacking  through  them  with  an  axe  and  then  hastily  ripping 
them  open ; but  the  remarkable  regularity  with  which  such  as  injury  occurs  in  the 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


89 


cases  of  Menephtah , Seti  II , Ramses  IV,  Ramses  V,  Ramses  VI  and  others  raises 
some  doubt  as  to  the  theory  of  accident.  Moreover  in  the  case  of  the  mummy  of 
Menephtah,  which  I have  recently  unwrapped,  the  hole  is  small  and  appears  to 
have  been  deliberately  made.  What  the  explanation  of  this  can  be  must  be  reserved 
for  future  discussion.  M.  Maspero  puls  forward  the  hypothesis  that  it  was  done  for 
superstitious  reasons,  «to  let  out  the  evil  spirits n. 

Against  the  view  of  this  injury  being  accidental  is  the  fact  that  these  mummies  belong 
to  one  group  chronologically,  which  may  suggest  that  it  was  a practice  to  make 
such  on  opening  in  the  late  XIXth  and  XXth  Dynasties.  But.  the  prince  in  Amenothes 
II"*1  ’ tomb,  whose  body  was  certainly  embalmed  in  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty,  also  has 
his  cranium  broken  in.  This  suggests  another  possible  explanation.  The  fact  that 
the  group  of  mummies  in  which  this  injury  occurs  were  associated  together  in  the 
tomb  of  Amenothes  II,  while  the  other  royal  mummies  hidden  elsewhere  at  Deir  el 
Bahari  are  exempt  from  it,  may  mean  that  these  mummies  were  plundered  by  a 
band  of  robbers  who  made  a practice  of  chopping  the  bandages  of  the  head  for  the 
purpose  of  rapid  stripping  of  the  mummy. 

There  can  be  no  doubt  that  in  most  cases  (probably  all  excepting  Ramses  V only) 
the  damage  tb  the  scalp  and  cranium  was  done  long  after  the  process  of  embalming 
was  completed;  and  in  view  of  this  fact  I am  inclined  to  look  upon  these  cranial 
injuries  as  having  been  accidentally  inflicted  by  robbers.  The  cranium  is  o m. 
ig4  mill,  long;  o m.  i4a  mill,  broad  : minimal  frontal  breadth,  o m.  101  mill.; 
and  circumference,  o m.  545  mill. 

The  arms  are  flexed  at  the  elbows  and  the  hands  are  fully  extended  in  the  manner 
characteristic  of  the  XXth  Dynasty  (pi.  LIII).  The  right  hand,  however ,4s  lower 
than  is  usual  in  the  XXth  Dynasty  : instead  of  being  in  front  of  the  shoulder,  it  is 
placed  opposite  the  middle  of  the  humerus.  The  left  forearm  is  placed  in  the  more 
usual  position. 

Four  holes  in  the  front  of  the  neck  (pi.  LIII)  are  the  work  of  some  insect. 

The  embalming- wound  (which  is  now  lorn  open  and  its  anterior  lip  broken)  extends 
parallel  to  the  left  Poupart’s  ligament  from  the  anterior  superior  spine  of  the  ilium 
to  the  spine  of  the  pubes.  It  was  stitched  up  with  a string  consisting  of  a twisted 
piece  of  fine  linen  bandage. 

The  abdomen  is  packed  with  short  stalks  of  dried  lichen , probably  Parmelia furfuracea  Ab. 
Precisely  similar  material  was  found  in  the  mummy  of  Siphtah. 

The  penis  and  scrotum,  hanging  vertically,  were  each  bandaged  separately  (pi.  LIII). 
The  penis  is  0 m.  ,091  mill,  long,  and  the  scrotum  0 m.  076  mill,  long  and 
0 m.  o3o  mill,  broad.  An  elliptical  piece  of  skin,  18x7  millimetres,  was  cut  off 
the  right  side  of  the  penis  at  the  junction  of  the  glans  with  the  body  of  the  organ  : 
this  w;as  done  probably  just  after  death  and  before  the  process  of  embalming,  but  it 
may  possibly  be  an  ulcer  with  clean-cut  edges. 

The  problem  of  deciding  whether  Ramses  IV  and  V were  circumcised  was  not  easy  of 
solution , although  the  condition  of  other  mummies  makes  it  probable  a priori  that 
they  were.  However,  I shaved  off  thin  slices  of  the  retroglandular  skin  and  examined 


Calal.  du  Masee,  n°  6io5i. 


is 


90 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


them  with  the  help  of  a lens  : this  served  to  remove  all  doubt  in  my  mind  that 
circumcision  had  actually  been  performed. 

A plug  of  resinous  paste  was  placed  in  the  anus. 

Among  the  damage  inflicted  upon  this  mummy  by  the  tomb -robbers,  the  right  foot 
was  broken  off  and  the  finger  nails  were  displaced  and  lost. 

61085.  The  mummy  of  Ramses  V (pi.  LV,  LYI  and  LVII). 

This  is  another,  of  the  mummies  found  by  M.  Loret  in  1 898  in  the  tomb  of  Amenothes  II. 

I removed  the  wrappings  from  it  on  June  95th,  1905,  in  the  Cairo  Museum. 

After  the  outer  shroud  was  removed  the  upper  part  of  the  body  was  found  to  be 
enveloped  merely  in  a mass  of  lorn  bandages  loosely  thrown  around  it  without  any 
attempt  at  bandaging.  Some  of  the  linen  was  burnt  by  some  corrosive  agent.  A 
series  of  simple  bandages  were  then  removed  from  the  lower  part  of  the  chest, 
abdomen  and  legs,  and  then  a handage  which  described  a figure  of  8 around  the 
feet  and  ankles  before  winding  around  the  legs. 

Then  a sheet  of  linen,  which  extended  from  the  neck  to  the  knees,  was  removed, 
and  after  taking  away  a large  mass  of  loose  rags  the  body  was  found  to  be  com- 
pletely divested  of  all  its  coverings. 

The  embalming  wound  was  a large  (0  m.  169  mill. ) elliptical,  widely  gaping  opening 
in  the  front  of  left  side  of  the  abdomen  close  to  the  ilium  (pi.  LV). 

This  is  a sudden  reversion  from  the  late  XVIIIth  site  for  the  embalming  incision,  seen 
in'the  mummy  of  Ramses  IV,  to  the  early  XIXth  site  see  Ramses  II,  for  example). 

The  abdomen  contained  sawdust  with  some  unrecognisable  viscera  lying  loose  (without 
wrappings)  in  it.  This  fact  is  of  interest,  when  it  is  recalled  that  during  the  time 
of  the  succeeding,  or  perhaps  even  in  the  latter  part  of  the  XXth  dynasty,  it 
became  the  custom  to  replace  the  viscera  in  the  body -cavity,  usually  in  a sawdust 
packing. 

In  contact  with  the  skin  over  the  anterior  part  of  the  second  left  intercostal  space  a 
lock  of  hair  was  found  lying  free.  It  was  closely  rolled  in  a narrow  spiral  ( tubular) 
form  0 m.  060  mill,  long  and  0 m.  00 5 mill,  in  diameter. 

The  face  was  painted  an  earthy  red  colour,  like  that  of  the  mummies  of  many  priests 
' of  the  XXI“  Dynasty. 

The  cranial  cavity  was  packed  with  9 metres  of  soft  linen  0 m.  o3i  mill.  wide.  This 
material  was  introduced  into  the  cranial  cavity  (through  a perforation  in  the  ethmoid 
bone)  by  way  of  the  right  nostril.  In  the  process  the  nose  was  not  distorted  in 
any  way. 

Both  nostrils  were  plugged  with  discs  of  wax. 

Linen  was  packed  under  the  eyelids  to  form  artificial  eyes. 

The  lobules  of  the  ears  were  perforated;  and  the  holes  were  enlarged,  so  that  the 
lobular  tissue  of  each  ear  had  become  reduced  to  a more  string  surrounding  a 
quadrilateral  perforation. 

The  upper  lip,  the  front  of  the  chin  and  the  submayllary  triangle  are  studded  with 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


91 


straight,  dark  brown,  and  some  lighter- coloured  hair,  varying  from  3 to  A milli- 
metres in  length.  The  scalp  is  thickly  covered  with  hair  of  similar  length. 

The  lips  are  placed  in  exact  apposition  and  the  oral  cleft  filled  with  wax. 

Ramses  V was  a much  younger  man  than  his  predecessor.  The  mummy  is  1 m. 
726  mill,  in  height  and  is  in  an  excellent  state  of  preservation. 

On  the  surface  of  the  pudenda,  lower  part  of  the  abdominal  wall  and  the  face 
(pi.  LVI)  there  is  a very  well-marked  papular  eruption,  the  distribution  of  which 
my  colleague,  Professor  A.  R.  Ferguson,  stales  to  be  highly  suggestive  of  smaU-pox. 

The  plunderers  have  done  comparatively  little  damage  to  this  mummy  beyond  com- 
pletely stripping  it  of  its  original  wrappings.  The  tips  of  the  fingers  of  the  left 
hand  were  sliced  off  by  a sharp  instrument,  as  well  as  the  skin  from  the  knuckles 
and  the  left  zygomatic  arch, 

In  the  left  parietal  bone,  just  behind  the  coronal  suture  and  close  to  the  middle  line, 
there  is  an  obliquely- placed  irregularly -elliptical  hole  in  the  cranium  (pi.  LVII, 
the  figure  on  the  left)  0 m.  o3 A mill. xo  m.  oiq  mill.  Behind  it  the  scalp  is 
raised  from  the  bone  for  a distance  of  about  0 m.  02  cent,  and  rolled  back  in  a 
manner  which  was  possible  only  when  the  scalp  was  plastic  i.  e.  either  before  or 
just  after  death.  In  this  respect  it  forms  a marked  contrast  to  the  condition  found 
in  the  other  mummies  with  perforated  crania  — Menephtah,  Seti  -II,  Ramses  IV 
and  Ramses  VI  : in  them  the  injury  was  inflicted  when  the  scalp  was  dry  and 
paper-like  i.  e.  after  mummification.  Moreover  on  the  skull  of  Ramses  V there  is  a 
wide  area  of  discolouration  and  a patch  of  black  material  around  the  hole.  Although 
the  whole  appearance  of  this  discoloured  area  is  suggestive  of  ante-mortem  blood- 
staining  it  is  impossible  to  determine  whether  the  black  material  is  really  blood, 
because  neither  the  chemical  nor  biological  tests  for  blood  can  afford  positive 
evidence  in  the  case  of  material  that  is  more  than  a century,  or  at  most  two 
centuries,  old. 

Unlike  the  state  of  affairs  found  in  Ramses  IVth  mummy,  the  pudenda  wife  not 
wrapped  separately  in  this  mummy.  The  penis  was  dragged  laterally  into  contact 
with  the  right  thigh  (pi.  LV).  It  is  0 m.  1 l/t  mill,  in  length.  The  scrotum  is  large 
and  baggy,  o m.  01 A mill,  long  and  0 m.  087  mill,  wide,  and  has  been  pushed 
hack  and  pressed  against  the  perineum,  the  whole  of  which  (including  the  anus) 
is  covered  by  it.  The  great  size  of  the  scrotum  suggests  that  Ramses  V suffered  from 
inguinal  hernia , or  possibly  hydrocele. 

Immediately  below  Poupart’s  ligament  in  the  right  groin  there  is  a large  irregularly 
triangular  deep  ulcer  with  thickened  edges.  It  measures  o m.  022  mill,  by  0 m. 
018  mill.  It  is  smeared  with  a black  resinous  paste,  which  prevents  a minute  exa- 
mination of  the  characters  of  the  ulcer  : but  its  situation  and  characters  suggest 
that  it  may  represent  an  open  bubo. 

Certain  injuries  of  the  body  suggest  that  the  tomb -robbers  used  sharp-bladed  instru- 
ments to  chop  off  the  wrappings.  The  fingers  of  the  left  hand  (pi.  LV  and  LVI) 
were  sliced  by  a sharp  blade.  The  skin  covering  the  metacarpo-phalangeal  joint  of 
the  index  finger  was  cut  off  by  one  stroke;  a second  raised  the  skin  from  the 


92 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


proximal  interphalangeal  joints  of  the  index  and  middle  fingers;  and  a third  cut 
sliced  off  the  tips  of  the  index,  middle  and  ring  fingers. 

Another  cut  removed  the  skin  from  the  left  zygomatic  arch. 

The  arms  are  placed  in  the  position  characteristic  of  the  XXth  Dynasty  (pi.  LV). 

Ramses  V had  a sloping  forehead,  a fairly  prominent  nose,  and  a big,  heavy,  square 
jaw  — features  recalling  those  of  the  early  XIXth  Dynasty  Pharaohs. 

61086.  The  Mummy  of  Ramses  VI  (pi.  LVIII  and  LIX). 

This  mummy  was  found  by  M.  Loret  in  1898  in  the  tomb  of  Amenothes  II.  I removed 
the  wrappings  from  it  on  July  8th,  1905,  in  the  Cairo  Museum. 

Much  as  the  royal  mummies  have  suffered  at  the  hands  of  ancient  tomb-robbers , none 
of  them,  not  even  that  of  Amenothes  III,  was  so  severely  maltreated  as  that  of 
Ramses  VI.  Ihe  head  and  trunk  were  literally  hacked  to  pieces  and  when  the 
mummy  came  to  be  rewrapped  it  was  necessary  to  obtain  a board  — a rough  piece 
of  coffin  — on  which  to  tie  the  fragments  of  the  body  and  give  tbem  some  semblance 
of  the  form  of  a mummy  (pi.  LVIII). 

The  shroud  of  fine  linen,  which  had  enveloped  the  whole  body,  was  already  pulled 
aside  from  the  upper  part  of  the  mummy,  where  the  underlying  wrappings  were 
in  a state  of  great  disorder  (fig.  1). 

Amongst  the  mass  of  rags  the  broken  pieces  of  the  head  and  a woman’s  right  hand 
came  to  light.  In  removing  the  loose  bundle  of  torn  pjcces  of  linen  that  were  thrown 
around  the  chest,  I found  a distorted  and  mutilated  right  hand  and  forearm  of  a 
man,  but  they  did  not  belong  to  this  mummy.  In  the  place  where  the  neck  of  the 
mummy  should  have  been  I found  the  separate  left  hip  bone  (os  innominatum)  and 
the  rest  of  the  pelvis.  The  right  elbow  and  the  lower  half  of  the  humerus  were 
found  lying  on  the  right  thigh  and  the  head  of  the  left  femur  was  alongside  the 
upper  end  of  this  fragment  in  front  of  the  abdomen. 

When  the  bandages  investing  the  right  thigh  were  removed  the  right  forearm  (hacked 
off  at  the  elbow  and  wrist  with  axe -cuts)  was  found  — still  wrapped  in  its  original 
bandages.  Although  an  attempt  had  thus  been  made  to  put  the  arm  into  the 
position  in  which  it  was  customary  to  place  it  at  the  time  the  rewrapping  was  done 
(i.  e.  vertically  at  the  sides  — the  XXI“  Dynasty  custom),  it  is  interesting  to  note 
that  the  folds  of  skin  around  the  elbow  make  it  clear  that  the  arms  were  originally 
folded  over  the  chest,  as  the  practice  was  in  the  XXth  Dynasty. 

The  left  upper  arm  was  torn  off  at  the  shoulder  and  put  in  its  proper  place.  The  rest 
of  the  arm  had  been  chopped  off  at  the  elbow. 

On  removing  the  first  bandage , which  passed  spirally  around  the  lower  parts  of  the 
legs  a broken  piece  of  rib  was  found  lying  in  front  of  the  ankles. 

This  bandage  was  a tattered  strip  of  fine  linen  3 m.  oo5  mill,  x 0 m.  19  cent.  A 
second  similar  bandage  passed  spirally  around  the  legs  upward  beyond  the  knees 
and  a third  continued  the  process  upward  to  the  hips. 

A mass  of  loose  rags  was  then  removed  from  the  front  of  the  knees.  Then  was  exposed 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


93 


a longitudinal  sheet  of  very  coarse  matting  tied  in  front  of  the  legs  by  irregular 
scraps  of  fine  linen  in  the  form  of  circular  ligatures.  When  this  was  removed  I 
found  a series  of  short  bandages  of  varied  materials  and  sizes  — but  all  of  them 
old  tattered  scraps  — wound  spirally  around  the  legs.  Then  a mass  of  loose  rags 
were  found  packed  around  the  left  hand  and  forearm.  There  was  then  exposed  a 
complicated  bandage  intended  to  fix  the  head  and  the  other  loose  fragments  to  the 
legs  — the  only  solid  part  of  the  body.  [At  this  state  the  photograph  shown  in  plate 
L VIII , fig.  a,  was  taken].  A yellowish  shawl  was  slung  round  the  thighs  fixing  the 
left  forearm;  it  was  looped  in  front  and  then  passed  obliquely  downward,  then 
under  the  feet  and  up  as  far  as  the  right  knee,  where  it  was  tied  to  a reddish  brown 
scarf,  which  passed  right  up  around  the  fragments  of  the  head,  down  the  left  side 
of  the  body  and  under  the  feet , reaching  almost  as  far  as  the  above-mentioned  knot. 

When  this  was  removed  three  bandages  were  found  fixing  the  legs  to  the  board  on 
which  the  mummy  was  placed  : a figure-of-8  around  the  ankles  and  feet,  a 
circular  bandage  below  the  knees  and  another  around  the  thighs. 

Then  a peculiar  sheet  of  linen  (Diagram  20)  — apparently  the  remains  of  a dress, 
with  two  armholes  (CC)  — was  wrapped  around  the  mummy.  The  ends  of  the  sheet 
(for  one  third  of  the  distance  at  each  end)  were  torn  into  four  strips  of  equal  breadth : 
at  the  head-end  the  outer  pair  of  tails  were  torn  off  and  the  remaining  two  (AA) 
were  tied  around  the  head.  The  tails  at  the  other  end 
(BBBB)  were  wrapped  in  figures-of-8  around  the  legs. 

Under  these  two  bandages  were  found  — - one  passing  in  a circu- 
lar manner  around  the  hips  and  the  other  around  the  ankles. 

After  removing  a few  loose  rags  the  remains  of  the  body  were 
exposed. 

The  separated  anterior  abdominal  wall  was  turned  inside  out. 

The  neck  was  severed  -from  the  body  at  the  sixth  cervical  ver- 
tebra. The  lower  jaw  and  the  skin  covering  it  were  detached 
from  the  head.  The  whole  facial  skeleton  was  broken  off  and  ' 
lost,*  only  the  skin  of  the  face  remaining.  There  is  a large 
gash  caused  by  two  axe- cuts  just  above  the  left  ear  and  tem- 
poro-maxillary  joint , and  a second  vertical  cleft  through  the 
right  side  of  the  whole  face  and  forehead  in  the  mid-orbital 
line.  There  are  two  knife- cuts  below  the  left  eye.  A vertical 
crack  extends  from  the  gash  above  the  left  ear  to  a large  hole 
o m.  1 hk  mill.  X o m.  oq  cent,  in  the  vertex  of  the  skull. 

The  left  hip-bone  was  broken.  All  the  ribs  were  broken  in 
the  mid-axillary  line  and  the  front  of  the  chest-wall  lost. 

The  right  scapula  and  the  upper  part  of  the  humerus  were  smashed  off  (not  cut)  in 
their  bandages.  The  elbow  was  hacked  through  with  an  axe,  leaving  the  head  of 
the  radius  and  part  of  the  olecranon  attached  to  the  humerus.  The  wrist  was 
chopped  through  with  an  axe  in  an  oblique  direction.  The  right  hand  is  missing; 
hut  the  right  hands  of  two  other  mummies  were  found  amongst  the  wrappings. 


94 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUS^E  DU  CAIRE. 


The  left  scapula  and  outer  half  of  the  clavicle  are  still  attached  to  the  body.  The 
humerus  was  torn  off  at  the  shoulder  joint  and  the  middle  of  the  shaft  of  the 
humerus  (still  in  its  wrappings)  was  broken  across.  The  elbow  was  hacked  through 
with  an  axe  leaving  the  upper  ends  of  the  radius  and  ulna  attached  to  the  humerus. 
The  left  hand,  fingers  and  the  wrist  exhibit  numerous  axe-cuts. 

The  cranial  cavity  had  been  packed  with  pieces  of  linen  and  resinous  paste.  The  mem- 
branes of  the  brain  were  preserved.  The  nasal  fossae  were  packed  with  linen  as  far 
hack  as  the  pharynx. 

Ramses  VI  was  1 m.  716  mill,  in  height  and  apparently  middle-aged  — probably 
older  than  Ramses  V,  but  younger  than  Ramses  IV. 

His  body  was  embalmed  in  the  same  manner  as  those  of  his  two  predecessors. 

I have  fitted  together  the  pieces  into  which  the  tomb -robbers  chopped  his  head 
(pi.  LIX). 

The  cranium  is  beloid;  length,  o m.  182  mill.,  and  breadth,  0 m.  1 48  mill.  : 
circumference,  0 m.  545  mill. 

No  hair  (excepting  the  eyelashes)  are  visible  upon  the  face  to  the  naked  eye  : but  with 
a lens  closely  shaven  hair  of  the  beard  and  moustache  can  be  detected. 

The  part  of  the  scalp  of  the  forehead  that  is  visible  is  bald  : but' on  the  scalp  elsewhere 
short  hairs  (about  1 millimetre  long)  are  present. 

The  face , including  the  eyes  and  forehead , was  thickly  plastered  with  resinous  paste. 
The  ears  were  pierced. 

The  teeth  are  only  slightly  worn. 

61087.  The  Mummy  of  Queen  Notmit  (pi.  LXIX,  LXX  and  LXX1). 

This  mummy  was  partially  unwrapped  by  M.  Maspero  (Les  Monties  royales,  pp.  569, 
570  and  677)  on  June  ist,  1886,  and  on  September  1 3th,  1906,  I removed  some 
more  bandages,  so  as  to  expose  the  head  and  certain  other  parts  of  the  mummy, 
concerning  the  treatment  of  which  information  was  needed. 

In  Les  Momies  royales  (p.  677)  M.  Maspero  stales  that  Notmit  was  the  consort  of 
Hrihorou.  « Hrihorou  was  married  to  Notmit.  To  the  probabilities  that  I have  indi- 
cated above,  M.  Wiedemann  has  supplied  the  conclusive  proof  of  this  statement v. 
Rut  in  his  Guide  du  Visiteur  (190 5 Ed",  p.  336)  M.  Maspero  refers  to  ctla  reine 
Notmit,  m&re  du  pr4tre-roi  Hrihorou ». 

In  the  account  given  in  the  Guide  it  is  stated  that  «la  momie  avait  lt£  fouillde  par  les 
Arabes  et  le  papyrus  enlevd.  Une  partie  du  papyrus  est  deposde  pu  Louvre,  Tautre 
au  British  Museums. 

The  mummy  of  Notmit,  being  the  earliest  representative  of  the  XXI*-  Dynasty,  which 
was  a period  when  the  whole  technique  of  the  embalmer  s art  underwent  the  most 
curious  and  profound  modifications,  is  of  peculiar  interest  in  the  study  of  the 
evolution  of  the  new  practices  ( see  my  memoir  entitled  A Contribution  to  the  Study 
of  Mummification,  M^moires  de  lTnstitut  ^gyptien,  1905). 

It  was  during  the  reign  of  Hrihorou  that  great  activity  was  displayed  in  restoring  the 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


95 


plundered  tombs  of  the  rulers  of  the  three  preceeding  dynasties,  whose  mummies 
have  been  under  consideration  in  the  foregoing  part  of  this  Catalogue. 

Whether  or  not  it  was  the  contemplation  of  the  shrunken  and  distorted  forms  of  many 
of  these  mummies  that  impressed  on  the  embalmers  of  Hrihorou’s  time  the  imper- 
fections of  their  art  it  is,  of  course,  impossible  to  decide.  But  we  do  know  that 
immediately  after  the  striking  object-lesson  afforded  by  the  handling  of  these 
mummies  of  the  XVIIIth,  XIXth  and  XXth  Dynasties  (see  in  this  connection  pi.  LIII, 
LV  and  LXVII , as  examples  of  what  the  restorers  of  the  XXI'4  Dynasty  saw),  the 
embalmers  of  the  XXI“  Dynasty  set  to  work  to  devise  some  means  of  restoring  to 
the  embalmed  body  the  fulness  of  limb  and  features  that  it  had  possessed  during 
life  but  had  lost  during  the  process  of  mummification. 

There  were  two  possible  ways  of  restoring  the  shape  of  the  mummy  (1)  by  applying 
materials  to  its  surface  or  (a)  by  packing  them  underneath  the  skin.  In  other  words 
the  embalmer  had  the  option  of  building  up  the  shape  of  the  wrapped  mummy  or 
of  the  body  itself.  The  former  method  had  been  tried  in  the  time  of  the  Ancient 
Empire  (the  mummy  supposed  to  be  Ranofir,  found  by  Professor  Flinders  Petrie 
at  Medum  in  1892)  and  long  afterwards  had  some  vogue  in  Graeco-Roman  times. 
The  second  method  had  been  tried  in  the  case  of  the  mummy  of  Amenothes  III, 
but  was  abandoned  immediately  afterwards,  until  the  embalmers  of  the  XXI“ 
Dynasty  once  more  revived  it. 

It  is  of  peculiar  interest  to  note  that  in  the  case  of  Nolmit’s  mummy  only  the  former 
method  (padding  applied  to  the  surface)  was  employed;  but  in  the  case  of  her 
successors  of  the  XXP4  and  XXIIn<1  Dynasties  the  process  of  packing  the  body  itself 
was  used,  without  any  external  padding. 

There  are  certain  indications  that  suggest  a possible  reason  for  the  adoption  of  the 
much  more  difficult  operation  of  stuffing  the  body  in  preference  to  the  simpler 
procedure  of  padding.  For  many  details  of  the  technique  of  embalming  that  make 
their  appearance  for  the  first  time  in  these  XXI“  Dynasty  mummies  go  to  prove 
that  the  idea  of  the  embalmers  was  to  make  the  body  not  only  as  life-like,  but 
also  as  complete,  as  possible,  so  that  it  might  represent  the  deceased,  and  take 
the  place  of  both  his  actual  remains  and  the  funerary  statue,  which  was  placed  in 
in  his  tomb  in  earlier  times. 

The  body  was  painted  with  red  or  yellow  ochre  and  gum  just  as  the  statues  used  to 
be  treated  : artificial  eyes  were  inserted;  the  cheeks  and  neck  were  filled  out  with 
stuffing;  the  forms  of  the  trunk  and  limbs  were  restored;  and  the  viscera,  which 
it  had  been  customary  to  set  apart  in  the  four  Canopic  Jars,  were  now  restored  to 
the  body  so  as  to  make  it  whole  and  complete. 

That  this  idea  of  making  the  body  itself  complete  determined  the  choice  between 
« externals  and  k internal r padding  in  favour  of  the  latter  is  suggested  by  the  fact 
that  the  practice  of  replacing  the  viscera  and  inserting  artificial  eyes  was  already 
coming  into  vogue  in  the  XXth  Dynasty  (vide  supra  : the  mummies  of  Ramses  IV 
and  Ramses  V),  before  any  attempt  was  made  to  remedy  the  defects  of  its 
external  form. 


96 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


There  was  evidently  already  in  the  XXth  Dynasty  a feeling  in  favour  of  restoring  to  the 
body  the  viscera  which  had  been  removed  for  the  purpose  of  mummification 
and  so  of  making  the  body  complete  in  itself;  and  when  the  pious  labours  of 
Hrihoru  impressed  upon  the  embalmers  of  the  XXI“  Dynasty  the  need  for  resto- 
ration of  the  form  of  the  body  also , they  hesitated  at  first  in  their  choice  between 
the  simple  proceeding  of  external  padding  and  the  highly  difficult  operation  of 
internal  packing;  hut  were  eventually  brought  to  adopt  the  latter  by  reason  of  their 
newly- acquired  desire  to  make  the  body  complete.  They  attempted  to  make  the 
mummy  not  only  structurally  complete,  hut  also  to  restore  the  form  of  the  body  itself. 

In  Notmit’s  mummy  we  have  exemplified  the  transition -period , when  the  embalmers 
were  trying  to  restore  the  form  of  the  wrapped  mummy. 

There  is  no  trace  of  any  packing  within  the  limbs  or  neck.  The  practice  of  stuffing  the 
mouth,  initiated  apparently  in  the  case  of  Siphtah  and  continued  through  the  XXth 
Dynasty,  was  still  in  vogue.  The  back  is  not  stuffed;  but  masses  of  sawdust  wrapped 
in  linen  were  placed  upon  each  buttock;  and  a very  large  quantity  of  sawdust  was 
packed  around  other  parts  of  the  body,  and  especially  the  legs  and  abdomen,  and 
retained  in  position  by  means  of  bandages  impregnated  with  resinous  material  so 
as  to  form  a complete  carapace,  analogous  to  that  seen  in  the  mummy  of  Ramses  III 
(pi.  L). 

No  definite  plate  was  placed  over  the  embalming -wound;  but  an  amorphous  lump  of 
wax,  about  the  size  of  a hen’s  egg,  was  plugged  into  the  wound. 

Upon  the  head  there  is  an  artificial  wig,  consisting  of  an  elaborate  arrangement  of 
long  plaits,  tied  (as  in  the  case  of  Hent-em-pet’s  wig,  p.  21)  to  strings  form- 
ing three  sides  of  a square  (pi.  LXX).  The  wig  consists  of  brown  hair,  but 
(pi.  LXXI)  I have  drawn  some  of  its  strands  aside  to  show  some  of  Notmit’s  own 
scanty  grey  locks. 

Instead  of  the  paint  which  it  was  customary  to  apply  to  the  eyebrow  region,  in 
Notmit’s  mummy  a pencil  of  hair  was  applied  longitudinally  to  the  skin  of  each 
eyebrow -region  and  stuck  there  (pi.  LXX). 

The  eyes,  mouth,  nostrils  and  ears  were  protected  by  wax  plates,  which  I removed 
in  order  to  display  the  features.  Artificial  eyes,  made  of  white  and  black  stone, 
were  inserted  under  the  eyelids.  This  is  the  earliest  instance  of  the  use  of  stone 
eyes  or  of  the  attempt  to  represent  the  pupil  in  an  artificial  eye  in  a mummy, 
although  in  statues  such  objects  had  been  in  use  for  more  than  fifteen  centuries. 

The  nose  was  stuffed  with  resin  and  the  mouth  with  sawdust. 

The  cheeks  are  so  tightly  stuffed  that  the  lower  part  of  the  face  (below  the  level  of 
the  eyebrows)  has  become  almost  circular.  Although  the  introduction  of  foreign 
materials  into  the  mouth  had  been  in  vogue  ever  since  the  time  of  Siphtah,  this 
is  the  first  mummy  in  which  the  cheeks  are  really  filled  out  : in  the  late  XIXth 
and  XXth  Dynasties  only  a small  amount  of  packing  material  was  introduced 
between  the  gums  and  lips;  but  from  Notmit’s  time  onward  the  cheeks  were 
tightly  packed  (pi.  LXX).  This  stuffing  has  elongated  the  upper  lip  (pi.  LXX  and 
LXXI),  which  is  0 m.  028  mill.  long. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


97 


The  nose  is  small,  short  and  somewhat  flattened,  and  in  profile  (pi.  LXXI)  is  graceful 
in  form.  The  brown  wig  and  the  smooth  plump  cheeks  give  Notmit  a youthful 
appearance,  which  however  is  belied  by  the  bald  vertex  and  scanty  fringe  of  grey 
hair,  hidden  under  the  wig. 

The  body  has  been  considerably  damaged  by  tomb-robbers,  probably  some  of  the 
modern  dwellers  in  the  Thebaid.  There  are  gashes  made  by  some  sharp  instrument 
in  both  cheeks  (pi.  LXX  and  LXXI),  in  the  bridge  of  the  nose,  the  forehead  and 
the  front  of  the  chest.  The  left  humerus  is  broken  close  to  the  shoulder;  both  wrists 
are  broken;  and  the  legs  are  badly  injured. 

The  breasts  are  pendulous  and  flattened  against  the  chest  wall  (pi.  LXX).  They  are 
small,  partly  no  doubt  as  the  result  of  general  emaciation,  and  possibly  also  from 
senile  changes. 

The  body-cavity  is  stuffed  with  sawdust;  but  neither  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the 
embalming- wound  nor  of  the  cleft  in  the  thorax  (pi.  LXX)  was  I able  to  find  any 
trace  of  viscera. 

No  attempt  had  been  made  to  treat  the  pudenda  in  any  way. 

The  hands  were  not  placed  in  front  of  the  pudenda,  but  vertically  alongside  the  hips. 
This  position  is  not  to  be  explained  by  Notmit’s  sex,  for  in  the  XXI'*  Dynasty  it 
became  the  custom  once  more  to  place  the  arms  in  this  position  in  both  men  and 
women,  as  had  been  the  practice  at  the  commencement  of  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty. 

Although  the  tomb -robbers  inflicted  so  much  damage  on  this  mummy  they  did  not 
strip  it  completely  of  all  its  adornments.  On  the  right  arm  there  was  the  impression 
(in  the  resinous  carapace)  of  a band-bracelet  that  had  been  stolen  in  modern 
times  : but  I found  in  situ  upon  each  wrist  a bracelet  of  very  small,  cylindrical 
carnelian  beads,  set  on  a string  consecutively  in  a single  row.  Each  bead  was  a 
little  more  than  one  millimetre  in  diameter  and  in  length. 

On  the  right  wrist  there  was  also  a string  of  large  (about  4 millimetres  in  diameter), 
spherical  lapis  lazuli  beads,  with  a carnelian  lotus  bud  at  each  end.  This  siring 
was  sufficiently  long  to  make  one  and  a half  turns  around  the  wrist  and  to  permit 
its  ends  to  be  intertwined  upon  the  front. 

Upon  the  left  wrist  there  was  a bracelet  composed  of  cylindrical  beads  of  solid  gold 
and  lapis  lazuli , arranged  alternately  in  linear  series.  Each  bead  was  about  9,1/2 
millimetres  in  diameter  and  about  5 millimetres  long. 

On  the  sole  of  each  foot  there  was  a bandage  bearing  an  inscription  in  hieroglyphics. 
That  on  the  left  foot  simply  read  « High  Priestess  of  Amon  v ; and  that  on  the 
right  foot  contained  a reference  to  « the  first  year  of  Pinotmou». 

The  bandage  on  the  left  foot  was  rolled  up  and  placed  longitudinally  in  the  hollow 
of  the  sole. 

In  contact  with  the  right  side  of  the  body  was  a bandage  bearing  the  name  « Notmit  n 
in  a cartouche. 

Notmit’s  mummy,  including  the  wig,  is  1 m.  548  mill,  jn  height. 

The  height  of  the  upper  margin  of  the  symphysis  pubis  (from  the  heels)  is  0 m. 
790  mill.  : height  of  nose  above  symphysis  pubis,  0 m.  663  mill.;  pubis  to  chin, 


Catal.  du  Muie« , n”  6io5i. 


i3 


98 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSEE  DU  CAIRE. 


o m.  590  mill,  and  pubis  to  suprasternal  notch,  0 m.  5io  mill.  Estimate  of 
length  of  femur,  0 m.  365  mill.,  and  of  tibia,  0 m.  3o4  mill. 

Breadth  of  shoulders,  0 m.  320  mill.;  interacromial  breadth,  estimated  at  0 m. 
270  mill.;  bitrochanteric breadth,  om.  280  mill.;  bi-iliac  breadth,  om.  270  mill.; 
interspinous  (iliac)  breadth,  0 m.  220  mill. 

Estimate  of  length  of  humerus,  0 m.  s5o  mill.,  and  of  radius,  o m.  221  mill. 

Maximum  length  of  hand  (from  radiocarpal  joint),  o m.  170  mill. 

Cranial  length,  0 m.  176  mill.  : actual  breadth  cannot  be  measured;  including  the 
wig,  it  is  o m.  i5o  mill.;  total  facial  height,  0 m.  127  mill.;  upper  facial  height, 
o m.  080  mill.  : nasal  height  and  breadth,  o m.  o55  mill,  x o m.  o36  mill.; 
interorbital  breadth,  0 m.  022  mill.;  bizygomatic  breadth,  o m.  126  mill.;  bigo- 
nial  breadth,  0 m.  100  mill.;  minimal  frontal  breadth,  0 m.  091  mill.;  right  orbit, 

0 m.  0A0  mill,  x 0 m.  o3o  mill.;  and  left  orbit,  om.  o4i  mill,  x 0 m.  028  mill. 

61088  and  61089.  The  Mummies  of  Queen  Maker!  and  her  baby,  the  princess 
Moutemhit  (pi.  LXXII,  LXXIII  and  LXXIV). 

The  wrappings  of  the  mummy  of  Queen  Makeri  were  torn  open  (pi.  LXXII)  by 
modern  tomb-robbers  (see  Les  Momies  royales,  p.  577).  In  June,  1909,  I removed 
certain  of  the  torn  bandages  on  the  trunk  and  arms  in  order  to  elucidate  certain 
details  of  the  embalmer’s  technique  in  this  mummy,  which  is  the  earliest  example 
of  the  curious  XXI'*  Dynasty  practice  of  stuffing  the  body. 

Within  the  coffin  that  contained  this  mummy  was  found  a linen  parcel  0 m.  k 1 cent, 
long  (pi.  LXXIV),  which,  so  the  inscriptions  inform  us,  is  the  baby  princess 
Moutemhit.  M.  Maspero  tells  us  that  «La  reine  Makeri,  epouse  du  grand-pr4tre  et 
roi  Pinotmou  Ier,  mourut  en  mettant  au  monde  1’enfant  qui  fut  enseveli  avec 
elle  » . 

The  mummy  of  Makeri,  together  with  its  wrappings,  is  1 m.  52  2 mill,  in  height.  The 
wrappings  on  the  top  of  the  head  are  o m.  2 cent,  thick  and  the  hair  adds  to  this 
at  least  another  centimetre.  Judging  by  comparison  with  the  mummy  of  Hent-Taui 
(vide  infra ) at  least  one  centimetre  must  be  allowed  for  the  thickness  of  the  foot- 
bandages.  If  we  deduct  these  four  centimetres  this  reduces  the  height  of  the  body 
to  1 m.  482  mill. 

The  body  had  been  embalmed,  packed  and  bandaged  with  extreme  care  and  in  a 
most  elaborate  manner. 

Various  foreign  substances  had  been  introduced  under  the  skin  of  every  part  of  the 
body  and  moulded  into  some  semblance  of  the  queen  when  alive;  and  then  the 
mummy  was  wrapped  in  linen  of  a fineness  and  a variety  of  texture  unknown  before 
this  dynasty.  But  tomb-robbers  had  ripped  through  the  carapace  of  linen  from  t 
the  forehead  to  the  pelvis,  so  that  the  front  of  the  body  is  hidden  by  a mass  of 
torn  linen,  intermingled  with  sawdust,  which  has  escaped  from  the  body-cavity 
through  its  damaged  walls  (pi.  LXXII).  The  bands  were  in  front  of  the  thighs;  but 
both  are  now  badly  damaged.  The  plunderers  in  the  search  for  bracelets  and  other 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


99 


jewels  slit  up  the  wrappings  of  the  arms  and  broke  the  left  forearm  so  that  the 
hand  was  hanging  attached  to  it  merely  by  a thread  of  bandage. 

A large  quantity  of  mud  was  pul  into  the  mouth , stuffing  out  the  cheeks  so  unduly  as 
to  lend  an  almost  Eskimo-like  aspect  to  the  face  (pi.  LXXII).  Stone  eyes  have  been 
introduced  under  the  eyelids. 

The  face  was  painted  with  a mixture  of  yellow  ochre  and  gum ; and  the  nostrils  were 
plugged  with  red  resin.  Powdered  resin  was  also  sprinkled  over  the  face;  and  a 
sheet  of  thin  muslin  was  then  applied  to  it.  The  muslin  has  now  become  quite 
adherent,  the  gum  in  the  paint  acting  as  the  adhesive  material. 

The  hair  is  dark  brown , interspersed  with  a few  grey  hairs  : it  was  parted  in  the  middle 
and  arranged  in  very  loose  plaits , or  in  some  cases  left  in  the  form  of  mere  wavy 
strands,  which  were  brought  round  the  sides  of  the  face,  covering  the  ears,  to 
form  a large  mass  under  the  chin.  The  ends  of  many  of  the  plaits  had  blobs  of 
solid  material  (resinous  paste)  attached  to  them.  Two  very  loosely  plaited  wisps 
of  hair  were  carefully  arranged,  one  on  each  side  of  the  forehead  immediately  in 
front  of  the  main  mass  of  the  hair,  so  as  to  produce  the  appearence  of  a curled 
fringe. 

Fixed  to  the  main  mass  of  hair  near  the  parting,  but  behind  the  attachment  of  the 
fringe-plaits  just  mentioned,  there  is  a fine  string  of  plaited  leather,  which  passes 
through  the  hair  to  the  right  side  of  the  head  as  far  as  the  neighbourhood  of  the 
ear,  where  its  end  has  been  torn  off.  No  doubt  the  plunderers  removed  some  amulet 
from  this  string.  In  contemporary  mummies  small  gold  amulets,  sometimes  a small 
square  plate  or  a uraeus,  were  fixed  to  the  hair  in  front  of  the  forehead. 

The  lobules  of  the  ears  are  pierced  and  greatly  stretched. 

The  head  was  enclosed  in  a strong  carapace  of  linen  and  resin,  1 1 millimetres  thick, 
which  was  built  up  in  the  following  manner.  It  was  first  wrapped  in  a. sheet  of 
muslin  of  exceeding  fineness  until  a layer  3 millimetres  thick  was  formed  : to  the 
surface  of  this  a layer  of  resinous  paste  h millimetres  thick  was  applied  : to  this  was 
added  a quantity  of  very  fine  linen  until  a layer  1 millimetre  thick  was  formed, 
and  finally  another  three  millimetres  of  resinous  paste  was  applied. 

Somewhat  similar  treatment  had  been  applied  to  the  limbs,  after  they  had  been  packed 
in  the  manner  to  be  described  below.  The  carapaces  of  the  legs  are  still  intact 
(pi.  LXXII)  : they  are  bound  together  below  the  knees,  and  across  the  ankles  and 
feet,  by  broad  bandages,  smeared  with  resinous  paste. 

In  the  process  of  embalming  the  viscera  were  removed  through  an  incision  in  the  left 
flank;  and,  after  the  body  had  been  preserved  by  long  immersion  in  a preservative 
bath,  the  embalmgr  introduced  into  the  neck  a quantity  of  fat  (possibly  butter) 
mixed  with  soda,  which  is  now  a cheese  like  mass,  and  with  this  distended  the  skin 
so  as  to  give  it  the  fulness  of  the  living  neck  in  place  of  the  emaciated  caricature 
seen  in  mummies  not  treated  in  this  fashion  (compare  pi.  LXXVII  and  LXXVIII). 
This  cheesy  material  was  introduced  into  the  neck  by  the  embalmer  inserting  his 
hand  into  the  wound  in  the  left  flank  and  passing  it  right  up  through  the  body 
cavity.  It  was  not  possible  (without  damaging  the  mummy)  to  determine  how  the 

i3. 


100 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CA1RE. 


% 

thoracic  opening  of  the  neck  was  treated,  but  in  the  other  mummies  of  the  XXI‘* 
Dynasty  I found  linen  plugs  inserted  so  as  to  close  the  thoracic  inlet. 

The  body  cavity  was  packed  with  sawdust  : but  no  trace  of  viscera , funerary  genii  or 
any  other  object  are  now  present  in  this  stuffing  material.  Perhaps  the  plunderers 
removed  these  things. 

The  coverings  of  the  embalming-wound  in  the  left  flank  have  been  removed,  presumably 
by  the  tomb-robbers,  for  such  objects  were  of  very  great  value,  as  the  account  of 
the  next  mummy  in  this  series  will  show  (see  pi.  LXXVI,  fig.  2). 

The  embalmers  separated  the  skin  from  the  underlying  muscular  tissues  in  the 
anterior  margin  of  the  embalming-wound;  and  into  the  space  thus  formed  the 
operator  placed  his  hand  and  forced  it  up  under  the  skin  on  the  front  of  the  chest, 
afterwards  packing  the  cavity  underneath  the  skin  with  coarse  linen.  No  attempt 
was  made  to  pack  the  breasts,  but  the  rest  of  the  bust  was  moulded  upon  this 
foundation  of  cloth. 


M&kerl’s  breasts  were  enormously  enlarged,  probably  because  she  was  lactating.  They 
were  flattened  against  the  chest  wall  and  were  pulled  away  from  the  front  so  that 
their  lower  extremities  were  alongside  the  inferior  margin  of  the  thorax  in  the 
mid-axillary  line.  The  thorax  thus  packed  was  protected  by  a complicated  series 
of  coverings.  In  the  process  of  unwrapping  eight  layers  of  very  fine  muslin  were 
first  removed,  then  a carapace  of  a resinous  paste  (2  millimetres  thick),  then, 
eleven  layers  of  fine  but  exceedingly  closely-woven  linen , then  a layer  of  resinous 
paste  (1  millimetre  thick),  then  another  -sheet  of  linen  and  another  layer  of 

resin  ( 2 millimetres  thick 


Diagram  at. 


and  then  were  exposed  those 
curious  leather  objects  (Dia- 
gram 21)  commonly  referred 
to  as  « braces  5). 

They  consist  in  this  case  of  a 
folded  band  of  red  leather,  pas- 
sed around  the  neck  and  crossed 
on  the  front  of  the  chest,  where 
the  ends  [one  is  now  missing] 
were  furnished  with  a piece  of 
yellow  parchment,  framed  by 
the  leather;  and  an  indepen- 
dent pair  of  parchment  tablets 
of  different  shapes,  also  framed 


in  red  leather  and  fastened , the  one  to  the  other,  by  means  of  two  narrow  strips 


of  red  leather. 


The  parchment  tablets  are  so  thickly  plastered  with  resinous  material,  which  adheres 
firmly  to  their  surfaces,  that  it  is  not  possible  to  see  the  pictures  or  the  inscriptions 
impressed  upon  the  parchment. 

A similar  set  of  « braces « and  leather  tablets  (with  the  embossed  designs  and 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


101 


inscriptions  undamaged)  was  found  on  the  r Leeds  mummy*,  which  belongs  to  the 
transition -period  between  the  XX411  and  XXI'4  Dynasties  (William  Osburn,  An 
Account  of  an  Egyptian  Mummy,  presented  to  the  Museum  of  the  Leeds  Philosophical  and 
Literary  Society;  Leeds,  1828,  Plate  2). 

Resinous  material  was  spread  freely  over  these  « braces*  fixing  them  to  the  underlying 
coverings  of  the  mummy,  which  consisted  of  the  following  : eight  layers  of  mode- 
rately fine  linen,  covering  a coating  of  resinous  paste  (2  millimetres  thick),  under 
which  there  was  a sheet  of  finely  and  closely-woven  linen,  another  sheet  of  similar 
texture  stained  red,  then  a thin  layer  of  resinous  paste  and  then  two  more  sheets 
of  fine  (white)  linen. 

The  skin  of  the  abdomen  was  loose  and  somewhat  puckered.  Taken  in  conjunction  with 
the  large  size  of  the  breasts,  these  facts  support  M.  Maspero’s  hypothesis  that 
Maker!  died  in  childbirth  or  soon  after  giving  birth  to  the  baby  princess  buried 
with  her. 

The  tomb-robbers  ripped  up  the  whole  of  the  right  arm  (pi.  LXXII),  and  thereby 
enabled  me  to  examine  the  details  of  the  process  of  stuffing  the  arms.  They  also 
broke  ofT  the  left  hand  and  I was  thus  able  to  study  the  elaborate  method  adopted 
for  packing  the  hands. 

From  an  incision  on  each  shoulder  fine  straw-like  sawdust  had  been  packed  under 
the  skin  of  the  arm  in  sufficient  quantity  to  fill  it  out  to  the  size  of  the  living  arm. 
By  means  of  a stick  or  some  form  of  pushing  instrument  it  had  been  forced  down , 
not  only  as  far  as  the  elbow,  but  also  beyond  it  to  the  wrist,  both  on  the  front  as 
well  as  on  the  back  of  the  forearm.  In  the  case  of  the  right  arm  the  sawdust  was 
pushed  (from  the  shoulder)  even  on  to  the  back  of  the  hand,  but  on  the  left  side 
it  stops  at  the  wrist,  where  a natural  plug  has  been  formed  by  a mass  of  tendons 
pushed  down  from  the  forearm.  Below  this  plug  a quantity  of  coarse  linen  has 
been  introduced  under  the  skin  on  the  dorsum  of  the  left  hand  (pi.  LXXIII,  fig.  2). 

There  are  deep  circular  groves  on  the  fingers,  the  impressions  of  string  tied  around 
the  nails  to  fix  them  in  position  while  the  body  was  in  the  preservative  bath. 
The  need  for  fixing  the  nails  during  this  stage  of  the  embalming  process  was  due 
to  the  fact  that  the  epidermis  peeled  off  during  the  soaking  in  the  bath  and  unless 
special  precautions  were  taken  it  carried  the  nails  with  it. 

On  each  thumb  (pi.  LXXIII,  fig.  1)  there  are  three  plain  rings  composed  of  metal 
wire  1 mill.  5 in  diameter.  The  intermediate  ring  is  silver,  the  other  two  gold. 

The  baby’s  mummy  was  not  unwrapped  (pi.  LXXIV). 

61090.  The  Mummy  of  Queen  Honittaoui  (pi.  LXXV  and  LXXVI). 

M.  Maspero  exposed  the  mummy  to  the  extent  shown  in  plate  LXXV  in  the  year  1886. 
The  large  hole  in  front  of  the  thorax  and  abdomen  was  made  by  tomb-robbers  in 
ancient  times.  It  extends  not  only  through  the  resin-impregnated  carapace,  but  also 
through  the  wall  of  the  body  itself;  for  there  is  a large  hole,  0 m.  18  cent,  in 
diameter,  in  the  epigastrium. 


102 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUS^E  DU  CAIRE. 

When  I came  to  examine  this  mummy  (for  the  purpose  of  writing  this  Catalogue ) in 
June,  1909,1  noticed  in  the  broken  edge  of  the  carapace  the  end  of  a fine  string 
wrapped  in  red  linen.  It  was  lying  upon  a sheet  of  exceptionally  fine  linen,  which 
was  in  direct  contact  with  the  skin;  and  it  passed  around  the  abdomen  immediately 
below  the  level  of  the  umbilicus. 

As  my  experience  ol  a large  series  of  mummies  of  this  period  had  taught  me  that  string 
was  never  used  except  for  the  purpose  of  fixing  in  position  amulets  or  other  important 
objects  I decided  to  remove  a little  more  of  the  broken  carapace  on  the  left  side  of 
the  body  to  find  out  where  the  string  led.  I chose  the  left  side  because  that  was  the 
usual  site  of  the  embalming  incision , where  any  object  placed  upon  the  abdomen 
would  most  likely  be  located. 

The  string  was  traced  to  a large  embossed  gold  plate  (pi.  LXXVI,  fig.  a),  covering  the 
embalming-wound.  Apart  from  being  the  most  valuable  and  magnificent  sample  of 
these  protective  plates  yet  found,  it  is  also  unique  in  having,  in  addition  to  the 
customary  eye-design,  representations  of  the  funerary  genii  (the  children  ui  Horus) 
and  a nome  standard  (or  support  d’honneur)  and  a series  of  hieroglyphic  ins- 
criptions : 

M.  Daressy  has  supplied  me  with  the  following  note  concerning  this  plate  : 

« La  plaque  d’or  qui  couvrait  1’incision  dans  le  flanc  gauche  est  la  plus  belle  de  celles 
trouvees  jusqu’a  ce  jour.  Large  de  0 m.  108  mill.,  haute  de  0 m.  07 5 mill.,  les 
bords  sont  renforc4s  par  des  bandes  minces  de  o m.  001  mill.  5 de  largeur, 
soudees  pour  donner  au  contour  une  epaisseur  de  0 m.  001  mill.  L ornementation 
comprend  des  figures  eslampees  en  relief  et  gravies,  et  des  inscriptions  gra- 
vies. Au  milieu  on  voit  Tuza  ou  ceil  sacr4  pos4  sur  le  support  dhonneur 
. Sur  les  cot4s  les  quatre  genies  fun^raires  sont  repr4sent4s  debout,  avec 

leur  nom  inscrit  au-dessus  d’eux.  A droite  c’est  — **- 

dieu  grand,  seigneur  de  TOccident»,  a tele  humaine,  et 

«Hapi,  dieu  grand,  ton  fils  qui  t’aime » , a tete  de  cynoc4phale.  A gauche  A 

«Duamutef,  dieu  grand,  fils  d’Osirisfl,  a t£te  de  chacal,  et  A J | 

« Kebhsenuf , fils  d’Osiris » , hi<5racoc4phale.  Sous  le  support, 


1 


l l 1% 


deux  inscriptions  verticales  de  trois  lignes  chacune  donnent  les  titres  de  la  defunte. 

A droite  | i V !' V I (IS3  '*» 

fille  rovale  de  son  flanc,  fille  de  la  grande  Spouse  royale,  m£re  royale,  maitressedes 

deux  terres,  Tadoratrice  d’Hathor  Hent-taui-n.  A gauche  j ^ | 

^ IL ‘*1  * * * ll  "la  premiere  prAtresse  d’Amon-rA,  roi  des 

dieux,  maitre.sse  des  deux  terres,  Tadoratrice  d’Hathor  Hent-tauiv. 

There  was  a small  perforation  in  each  corner  of  the  gold  plate  (pi.  LXXVI,  fig.  9)  to 
which  a string  was  attached , which  passed  around  the  abdomen  to  the  fixed  to  the 
corresponding  hole  on  the  opposite  site  of  the  plate. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


103 


The  body  was  embalmed  in  accordance  with  the  curious  methods  in  vogue  in  the 
XXI’1  and  XXIInd  Dynasties,  which  I have  already  described  in  detail  elsewhere. 
(A  contribution  to  the  Study  of  Mummification  in  Egypt,  with  special  Reference  to  the 
curious  methods  employed  during  the  XXI“  and  XXIInd  Dynasties,  M6moires  de  Tlnstitut 
^gyptien , 1905)  and  some  of  which  have  already  been  exemplified  in  this  Catalogue 
in  the  case  of  Makeri’s  mummy. 

As  the  greater  part  of  this  mummy  (pi.  LXXV)  is  still  encased  in  a hard  carapace  of 
resin-impregnated  linen,  only  those  parts  where  this  has  been  broken  through  are 
available  for  examination.  These  parts  are  the  head,  a small  area  of  thorax  and 
abdomen  (vide  supra)  and  the  right  foot,  from  which  the  toes  and  their  wrappings 
have  been  broken  away. 

As  in  the  mummies  of  Notmit  and  Maker},  and  in  fact  all  the  mummies  of  royal  and 
wealthy  people  of  this  and  the  following  dynasty,  the  wrappings  consist  of  linen  of 
quite  exceptional  fineness.  As  in  the  case  of  Maker},  one  of  the  innermost  sheets  is 
stained  red. 

The  hands  are  placed  in  contact  with  the  thighs,  the  left  being  further  forward  than 
the  right.  The  hands  are  slightly  flexed  (pi.  LXXV). 

Upon  the  head  there  is  a wig  made  of  black  string,  representing  hair  parted  in  the 
middle  and  framing  the  face  after  the  manner  of  the  real  hair  in  Mffkeri’s  mummy. 
It  is  composed  of  loosely-coiled  spirals,  each  about  0 m.  oo5  mill,  in  diameter  and 
0 m.  35o  mill.  long.  The  lower  ends  (from  om.  o4  cent,  to  0 m.  10  cent,  in  dif- 
ferent cases)  are  tightly  coiled  to  form  rope-like  strands,  which  are  brought  around 
under  the  chin,  where  they  are  clumped  together  in  a thick  mass  (pi.  LXXVI, 
fig.  1).  . 

Both  the  cheeks  and  the  right  foot  were  stuffed  with  that  curious  cheese-like  mixture  of 
fat  (?  butter)  and  soda,  such  as  I have  described  as  the  packing  material  employed 
for  stuffing  Makeri’s  neck.  This  material  was  frequently  employed  during  the  XXI“ 
Dynasty  for  stuffing  the  mouth  and  neck;  but  this  is  the  only  mummy  in  which  I 
have  found  it  in  the  feet. 

The  body  is  that  of  a very  plump , apparently  young , woman , i m.  5 1 8 mill,  in 
height  (including  the  wig),  with  very  large,  full,  pendant  breasts. 

An  exceptionally  large  quantity  of  the  cheese-like  material  was  packed  into  the  mouth ; 
and  with  the  deliquescence  of  the  salts  mixed  with  the  fat , the  stretched  skin  of  the 
cheeks  has  burst  open  on  each  side , from  the  outer  angle  of  the  eye  downwards  to 
the  chin  (pi.  LXXV  and  LXXVI).  Thus  her  own  skin  has  separated  like  a mask, 
which  some  writers  have  mistaken  for  an  actual  mask. 

Honitlaoui  had  small,  well-proportioned  features.  Stone  eyes,  like  those  of  Notmit’s 
and  M&keri’s  mummies,  were  employed  in  the  case  of  her’s  also;  but  their  exposure 
to  the  salts,  liberated  by  the  bursting  of  her  cheeks,  has  exerted  a disintegrative 
influence  upon  the  stone. 

The  usual  crescentic  patch  of  black  paint  has  been  applied  to  the  superciliary  regions. 

The  face  has  been  painted  with  yellow  ochre  and  gum  and  the  lips  (and  possibly  the 
cheeks  also)  have  been  painted  red. 


104 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 


The  body -cavity  is  lightly  packed  with  very  fine,  reddish,  aromatic  sawdust.  In 
searching  through  as  much  of  this  material  as  could  be  reached  through  the  wound 
in  the  epigastrium  or  from  embalming-incision  I found  four  teeth,  seven  pyramidal 
seeds  (f  pine),  two  wax  genii,  two  fragments  or  intestine  and  Uh  beads  made  of 
gold  {?  or  electrum).  As  it  was  not  possible  (through  the  two  restricted  openings 
referred  to)  to  explore  the  whole  body  cavity  there  may  be  many  other  objects  still 
within  this  mummy. 

The  teeth  consist  of  a well-worn  canine  and  three  molars,  one  unworn,  one  slightly 
worn  and  the  third  worn  to  about  the  same  extent  as  the  canine.  From  the  cir- 
cumstances under  which  these  teeth  were  found  they  were  placed  in  the  body-cavity 
by  the  embalmers  and  probably  belong  to  Honittaoui.  If  so,  they  indicate  that  she 
was  a young  adult. 

The  wax  figures  are  mummy-shaped  with  heads  of  the  jackal  and  the  hawk  respecti- 
vely. The  jackal  was  found  in  the  epigastrium  immediately  behind  the  sternum  — 
the  position  usually  occupied  by  the  stomach  and  the  associated  jackal-headed  genius 
in  XXI*1  Dynasty  mummies.  It  is  o m.  io4  mill,  long,  including  the  erect  ears.  The 
hawk-headed  figure  was  not  in  its  usual  position  (in  the  abdomen),  hut  high  up  on 
the  right  side  of  the  thorax,  in  contact  with  the  vertebral  column.  It  is  o m. 
095  mill.  long. 

The  beads  found  are  of  three  varieties,  (1)  barrel-shaped  beads  made  of  circularly- 
corrugated  beaten  gold,  each  about  o m.  01  cent,  in  length  and  o m.  oo5  mill, 
in  diameter;  (9)  more  slender  beads  shaped  like  maggots;  and  (3)  spirally-coiled 
gold  wire  forming  tubes,  about  0 m.  oi  9 mill,  long,  slightly  wider  at  one  end  than 
the  other. 

The  embalming- wound  was  in  the  high  infracostal  position , which  was  customary  not 
only  in  the  XXI*1  and  XXIInd  Dynasties,  but  also  in  the  early  XVIIIth. 

In  Honittaoui  it  is  0 m.  i3  cent,  long  and  gapes  widely.  Its  lower  part  extended 
downward  in  front  of  the  anterior  superior  spine  of  the  ilium  for  a distance  of 
0 m.  o4  cent. 

A large  plug  of  resinous  paste,  in  which  was-embedded  a good  deal  of  coarse  sawdust 
and  some  of  the  gold  wire  spirals  (vide  supra),  was  pushed  into  the  embalming 
wound,  forcing  its  edges  apart  for  a distance  of  0 m.  o5  cent,  and  inverting  them 
(toward  the  abdominal  cavity)  for  0 m.  o3  cent. 

On  the  outer  surface  of  this  resin  plug  there  was  a plate  of  wax.  It  was  not 
accurately  adjusted  to  the  embalming  wound,  for,  together  with  the  gold  plate 
applied  to  its  outer  surface,  it  had  slipped  backward  to  the  extent  of  about 
o m.  o4  cent. 

When  the  viscera  were  removed  from  the  body  the  pelvic  cavity  was  cleared  com- 
pletely of  all  its  contents  and  a plug  of  linen  was  applied  to  the  perineum  and 
secured  in  position  by  means  of  a thick  string,  which  was  passed  through  the 
rima  pudendi  and  pelvis  and  out  through  the  embalming  incision,  down  to  the 
perineum  again. 

This  is  the  only  example  of  this  curious  procedure  that  I have  seen. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


105 


61091.  The  Mummy  of  Taiouhrit  (pi.  LXXVII  and  LXXVIII). 

The  mummy  of  Taiouhrit  was  exposed  (still  enclosed  in  its  carapace  of  resin-impregnated 
linen)  on  June  99th,  1886  (Les  Momies  royales,  p.  578);  and  on  July  6th,  1909, 
I removed  part  of  the  carapace  so  as  to  expose  the  face. 

M.  Maspero  makes  the  following  statements  in  the  Guide  du  Visileur  : re  la  chanteuse 
d’Amon-M,  roi  des  dieux  Taiouhrit.  Le  papyrus  de  cette  femme,  conserve  a Leyde, 
- ' nous  apprend  qu’elle  <5tait  fille  du  p&re  divin  d’Amon,  Khonsoumos,  et  de  la  chan- 

teuse d’Amon  Tantamanou». 

Including  the  carapace  (on  the  head  and  feet)  the  mummy  is  1 m.  606  mill,  in 
height. 

The  carapace  was  built  up  like  those  already  described  in  the  mummies  of  M&keri  and 
Honttaoui  of  fine  linen  and  resinous  paste.  But  the  latter  is  freely  mixed  with  sawdust 
in  this  mummy;  and  in  places  the  fine,  muslin  bandages  are  stuck  together  with 
masses  of  gum.  As  in  the  other  mummies  of  this  dynasty  one  of  the  innermost  sheets 
of  linen  is  dyed  red. 

In  plate  LXXVII  the  posterior  part  of  the  carapace  is  seen  in  situ.  I left  this  part  so  as 
not  to  weaken  the  attachment  of  the  head  to  the  rest  of  the  mummy. 

The  nostrils  were  covered  with  circular  discs  of  wax;  and  on  the  sides  of  the  nose  large 
buttresses  of  wax  were  placed  (pi.  LXXVIII)  to  support  and  prevent  distortion  of  the 
nose.  There  is  a large  wax  plate  in  front  of  the  right  eye,  but  none  in  front  of  the 
left,  where  the  usual  artificial  stone  eye  can  be  seen.  The  lips  are  widely  separated 
and  the  space  between  them  filled  with  a large  projecting  mass  of  wax  (see  plates 
LXXVII  and  LXXVIII). 

The  ears  are  covered  with  hair  arranged  in  curls,  probably  a wig.  Her  own  hair 
is  freely  intermingled  with  white,  but  there  are  very  few  white  hairs  in  the 
part  which  seems  to  be  the  wig.  One  of  the  curls  passes  down  on  to  the  right 
eyebrow. 

The  cheeks  are  stuffed  like  those  of  the  other  three  mummies  just  described. 

The  skin  of  the  face,  and  especially  that  of  the  forehead,  has  been  damaged  extensively 
by  insects  (pi.  LXXVIII). 

In  the  XXI‘*  and  XXIInd  Dynasties  it  was  the  custom  to  cover  the  embalming  wound 
with  an  oblong  plate,  bearing  the  conventional  eye  design.  It  was  made  of 
gold,  electrum  or  bronze;  at  other  times  of  wax  or  a mixture  of  wax  and  other 
substances. 

In  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty  the  only  plates  that  I have  seen  were  fusiform  or  leaf-shaped 
and  perfectly  plain , i.  e.  had  no  design  of  any  kind  upon  them. 

I have  not  seen  any  plates  from  mummies  of  the  XIXth  or  XXth  Dynasty,  so  that  I am 
unable  to  say  when  the  fusiform,  plain  plate  gave  place  to  the  oblong,  engraved 
variety.  On  the  mummy  of  Taiouhrit  the  embalmers,  for  some  unknown  reason,  did 
not  make  use  of  the  form  of  plate  that  I have  found  in  more  than  forty  mummies 
of  her  time,  but  a plain  fusiform  plate,  0 m.  i5o  mill,  x o m.  o5 a mill.  57  such 
as  the  embalmers  of  the  XVIIIth  Dynasty  employed. ' 


Catal.  du  Mu  tee , n°  6io5i. 


i4 


106 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSfiE  DU  CAIRE. 

61092.  The  High-Priest  and  General-in-chief  Masahirti  (pi.  LXXIX). 

M.  Maspero  removed  the  wrappings  from  this  mummy  on  June  3oth,  1886  (Les  Momies 
royales,  p.  571).  It  had  been  plundered  in  recent  times  by  the  Luxsor  people. 

M.  Maspero  described  Masahirti  as  « grand  pr4lre  d’Amon,  g^mhal  en  chef,  fds  duroi 
Pinotmou  I"  et  pere  do  la  reine  Isimkhabioun. 

The  mummy  is  that  of  a large,  heavily-built  and  corpulent  man,  1 m.  696  in  height, 
with  a very  short  sparse  white  heard  on  the  chin,  submaxillary  region  and  lower  part 
of  the  masseteric  area,  but  only  a few  sparsely -scattered  hairs  to  represent 
moustaches.  The  hair  of  the  scalp  is  also  short  and  white;  hut  it  is  now  thickly 
smeared  with  resinous  material. 

The  face  and  the  whole  body  was  painted  with  a thick  layer  of  red -ochre,  as  was 
customary  in  the  mummies  of  men  in  this  dynasty.  The  body  has  been  submitted 
to  the  packing-procedures  customary  at  the  time  it  was  embalmed;  but  the  cheeks, 
as  usually  happened  (vide  supra)  were  much  too  tightly  stuffed  (pi.  LXXIX),  so 
that  they  have  an  unnaturally  puffed-out  appearance. 

The  lobules  of  the  ears  have  small  perforations. 

The  arms  and  fingers  are  extended;  but  the  hands  are  placed  fairly  near  together  in 
front  of  the  pubes.  By  reason  of  the  corpulency  of  the  body  the  hands  do  not  come 
low  enough  to  cover  the  pudenda  (pi.  LXXIX). 

The  embalmers  departed  from  the  custom  of  their  time  in  choosing  the  site  for  the 
embalming  incision  : for  instead  of  making  it  high  up  above  the  level  of  the  iliaG 
spine,  they  reverted  to  the  custom  that  prevailed  in  the  late  XVIII  and  again  in 
the  early  XXth  Dynasties  and  made  it  parallel  to  and  alongside  Poupart’s  ligament. 

In  plate  LXXIX  it  is  hidden  by  the  left  hand.  It  is  0 m.  120  mill.  long. 

My  study  of  the  large  series  (44)  of  mummies  of  priests  of  Amon  of  the  XXI“  Dynasty 
revealed  occasional  departures  from  the  prevailing  custom;  but  in  all  cases  there 
was  some  obvious  reason  for  it.  By  analogy  with  these  anomalous  cases  it  seems  to 
me  that  in  Masahirti’s.  case  his  corpulence  was  the  reason  for  choosing  the  anterior 
site  for  the  embalming  incision.  In  a subject  of  his  bulk  the  attempt  to  eviscerate 
the  body  through  the  loins  in  the  way  customary  at  his  lime  would  have  presented 
very  great  difficulties. 

The  skin  is  soft  and  flexible.  It  bears  impressions  on  the  front  of  the  chest  of  the 
so-called  « braces  » and  of  a pectoral  ornament. 

On  all  the  fingers  and  toes  there  are  impressions  made  by  string  employed  to  fix  the 
nails  in  position  during  the  progress  of  the  embalming  operations.  In  addition  the 
middle  finger  of  the  right  hand  hears  a gold  thimble,  which  covers  its  two  distal 
segments. 

61093.  The  Mummy  of  Queen  Isimkhabiou  (pi.  LXXX). 

The  wrappings  of  this  mummy  were  so  complete  and  perfect  in  every  way  (pi.  LXXX) 
that  M.  Maspero  (Les  Momies  royales,  p.  577)  decided  not  to  disturb  it. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


107 


The  outer  shroud  of  the  mummy  is  held  in  position  by  five  circularly-arranged  ban- 
dages, one  longitudinal  sagittal  bandage  and  two  lateral  (marginal)  bandages.  In 
addition  there  are  two  oblique  bandages  simulating  the  so-called  « braces v in 
arrangement. 

Each  bandage  is  composite,  being  formed  of  linen  of  two  different  colours,  a deeper 
bandage  (red)  folded  upon  itself  to  form  a ribbon  o m.  o56  mill,  wide  and  a 
superficial  one  folded  to  form  a narrower  band,  o m.  oho  mill.  wide. 

Height  of  mummy,  1 m.  568  mill. 

61094.  The  Mummy  of  the  High-Priest  of  Amon  Pinotmou  II  (pi.  LXXXI). 

This  mummy  was  first  exposed  by  M.  Maspero  in  June  28th,  1886  (j Les  Momies  royales, 
p.  571  and  572).  In  the  Guide  du  Visileur  M.  Maspero  refers  to  Pinotmou  II  as 
k grand  prAtre  d’Amon,  general  en  chef,  fils  dlsimkhabiou  et  du  grand  pretre 
Manakhpirrln. 

The  mummy  was  enclosed,  like  those  of  MAkeri  and  Honttaoui  described  above,  in 
beautifully  fine  muslin  in  large  quantities , with  several  layers  of  resinous  paste  inter- 
spersed amongst  it.  The  muslin  is  not  only  exquisitely  fine , but  also  has  coloured 
borders  and  fringes. 

Upon  the  remains  of  'jjt  thoracic  part  of  the  carapace  there  are  the  remains  of  the  two 
crossing  strips  of  red -leather  « braces  n (pi.  LXXXI)  and  also  the  impression  of  part 
of  a pectoral  ornament  of  the  usual  form.  Each  leather  band  of  the  s braces » is 
folded  to  form  a structure  o m.  02  cent.  wide. 

Unlike  the  mummy  of  Masahirti  (vide  supra),  in  which  there  was  a curious  departure 
from  the  custom  of  the  times  in  the  selection  of  the  site  for  the  embalming-wound,  that 
of  Pinotmou  II  exhibits  the  proper  vertical  incision , extending  from  the  ribs  to  the 
left  anterior  superior  spine  of  the  ilium.  It  is  0 m.  1 A 8 mill,  long  and  is  widely  gaping. 

The  face  is  a fine  ovoid  with  a narrow  aquiline  nose.  The  embalmers  had  now  learned 
not  to  over-pack  the  cheeks  : hence  the  features  of  Pinotmou  II  have  been  preserved 
without  the  grotesque  distortion  seen  in  his  immediate  predecessors. 

The  face  was  sprinkled  freely  with  powdered  resin , much  of  which  has  « caked  n and 
become  adherent  to  the  skin. 

There  is  a fairly  abundant , short  white  beard  on  the  chin  and  underneath  it  but  the 
upper  lip  was  shaved  (white  hairs  0 m.  002  mill,  are  visible). 

The  hands  are  placed  vertically  fully  extended  upon  the  lateral  aspects  of  the  thighs. 

The  arms  are  packed  with  mud. 

Several  parcels  of  viscera  were  placed  in  the  body  cavity. 

Height  of  mummy  (with  wrappings),  1 m.  706  mill. 

61095.  The  Mummy  of  Queen  Nsikhonsou  (pi.  LXXXII,  LXXXIII  and  LXXX1V). 

This  mummy  was  partially  unwrapped  by  M.  Maspero  on  June  27th,  1886  ( Les  Momies 
royales,  p.  578  and  579),  and  I completed  the  process  just  twenty  years  later. 


108 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUS^E  DU  CAIRE. 


This  is  a typical  example  of  the  distinctive  technique  of  embalming  of  the  XX1“  and 
XXIInd  Dynasties ; but  its  freedom  from  the  gross  distortions  of  face  and  members 
that  marked  the  earlier  attempts  at  packing  is  perhaps  a distinguishing  mark  of 
XXIInd  Dynasty  work. 

The  neck  is  stuffed  with  the  cheese-like  material  in  the  manner  described  in  the  case 
of  Makeri’s  mummy  (vide  supra). 

There  is  a vertical  incision,  o m.  o3  cent,  long,  on  the  antero- lateral  aspect  of  each 
shoulder  (pi.  LXXXII  and  LXXXIII),  from  which  a small  quantity  of  packing  material 
was  introduced  under  the  skin  of  a localized  area  of  the  extreme  upper  and  lateral 
part  of  the  chest  wall,  and  also  into  the  arms  as  far  as  the  wrists.  The  stuffing  consists 
of  sawdust;  and  the  moulding  of  the  arms  has  been  skilfully  done.  The  hands  are 
not  packed.  The  arms  are  placed  vertically  at  the  sides  of  the  body;  and  the  fully 
extended  hands  are  placed  alongside  the  lateral  surface  of  the  thighs  (pi.  LXXXII). 

The  legs  are  stuffed  in  the  customary  manner.  The  embalmer  introduced  his  hand  into 
the  embalming  wound  in  the  left  flank  and  forced  the  packing-material  (in  this  case 
a mixture  of  mud,  sawdust  and  the  cheese-like  material,  to  which  I have  already 
referred),  into  each  leg.  In  plate  LXXXII  the  skin  on  the  inner  side  of  the  right 
thigh  can  be  seen  to  be  broken  away,  so  that  the  packing  material  is  revealed 
in  situ. 

The  feet  are  stuffed;  but  I was  unable  to  determine  the  spot  where  the  packing  material 
k was  introduced. 

Flowers  were  wrapped  around  the  great  toe  of  each  foot  and  a flower  on  a long  stalk  was 
placed  upon  the  upper  surface  of  the  left  foot,  and  another  encircled  the  left  ankle. 

The  breasts  are  large  and  pendulous  : but  no  attempt  was  made  to  pack  them  and 
restore  the  form  of  the  bust. 

The  pudenda  were  treated  in  the  way  that  was  customary  in  the  XXI“  and  XXIInd  Dyn- 
asties : the  labia  majora  were  pressed  together  so  as  to  hide  the  rima. 

The  embalming  wound  is  in  the  situation  characteristic  of  this  period  : it  is  a vertical 
incision  passing  from  the  margin  of  the  ribs  to  within  o m.  o35  mill,  of  the  anterior 
superior  spine  of  the  left  ilium.  It  is  visible  in  plate  LXXXII  alongside  the  left 
elbow. 

The  embalming  wound  is  o m.  1 9 5 mill,  long  and  gapes  to  the  extent  of  0 m.  o5o  mill. 

It  was  covered  by  a wax  plate  of  the  usual  form  but  without  the  usual  eye  design. 
Onion  scales  were  placed  upon  the  surface  of  the  plate. 

The  body  cavity  is  packed  with  sawdust. 

The  skin  of  the  abdomen  is  loose  and  pendulous;  and  the  mammillae  are  large  and 
prominent.  These  two  signs  make  it  certain  that  Nsikhonsou  was  parous. 

Nsikhonsou  is  1 m.  6 1 5 mill,  in  height.  There  is  nothing  to  give  any  definite  indication 
of  her  age;  but  she  has  no  grey  hairs. 

The  face  is  of  a graceful,  narrow,  elliptical  form  and  the  light  colour  of  the  skin  sug- 
gests that  it  must  have  been  very  fair  originally. 

The  face  is  thickly  encrusted  with  powdered  resin,  and  large  cakes  of  resinous  material 
cover  the  eyes,  nostrils  and  mouth.  Underneath  the  resin  shields  artificial  eyes  of 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


109 


stone  are  found,  but  the  material  is  badly  disintegrated.  The  ears  are  pierced  and 
the  lobules  drawn  out  into  long  strings  (o  m.  16  cent.)  — see  the  left  ear  in 
plate  LXXXIII. 

The  long,  dark  brown  hair  bangs  down  as  far  as  the  front  of  the  chest  (pi.  LXXXIII 
and  LXXXIV).  There  are  a few  small  plaits,  but  most  of  the  hair  consists  of  simple 
wavy  strands.  Most  of  these  have  been  collected  into  two  large  masses,  each  of  which 
is  held  together  by  means  of  a bandage  wound  spirally  around  it.  One  of  these 
masses  is  brought  down  on  the  side  of  the  neck  to  the  front  of  the  chest. 

The  hair  is  thickly  strewn  with  powdered  red  resin. 

The  following  measurements  were  made.  Those  of  the  head  and  face  are  merely  esti- 
mations, for  the  thick  mass  of  hair  and  the  encrustations  of  resin  render  precise 
measurements  impossible. 


Height  of  upper  margin  of  symphysis  pubis  . 

...  0 

m.  83o  mill. 

Height  of  chin  above  pubes 

0 

610 

Height  of  nose  above  pubes 

...  0 

690 

Height  of  umbilicus  above  pubes 

...  0 

175 

Breadth  across  shoulders 

. . . 0 

4ia 

Interacromial  breadth 

. . . 0 

366 

Bitrochanteric  breadth 

. . . 0 

995 

Bi  - iliac  breadth 

. . . 0 

a8o 

Length  of  humerus  (estimate  only) 

. . . 0 

3i5 

Length  of  radius  (estimate  only) 

. . . 0 

OO 

Cl 

Length  of  femur  (estimate  only) 

. . . 0 

43o 

Length  of  tibia  (estimate  only) 

. . . 0 

353 

Length  of  hand,  from  radio -carpal  joint . . . 

. . . 0 

190 

Cranial  length 

. . . 0 

i85 

Cranial  breadth 

. . . 0 

1 87 

Minimal  frontal  breadth 

. . . 0 

100 

Total  facial  height 

. . . 0 

126 

Upper  facial  height 

. . . 0 

080 

Bizygomatic  breadth 

. . . 0 

i3a 

Right  orbit 

0 m.  o&5  mill.  X 0 

o33 

Nasal  length  and  breadth 

0 o5a 

X 0 

o3a 

The  nose  in  narrow  and  aquiline,  but  not  prominent : its  profde  passes  in  a straight 
line  into  the  brow;  and  there  is  a sloping  forehead,  low  and  receding. 

Foot,  o m.  aa lx  mill,  long  and  o m.  o65  mill,  broad. 

61096.  The  Mummy  of  Nsitanebashrou  (pi.  LXXXV,  LXXXVI,  LXXXVII  and 
LXXXVIII). 

This  mummy  was  unwrapped  by  M.  Maspero  on  June  30th,  i886  ( Let  Mamies  royales, 
p.  579  and  58o).  The  inscription  on  her  coffin  refers  to  her,  according  to 
M.  Maspero,  as  «pr4tresse  d’Amon,  fille  de  Nsikhonsoun,  and  he  adds  « proba- 
blement  de  Pinolmou  II  v ( Guide  du  Visiteur ). 


110 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUS^E  DU  CAIRE. 


XXI“- XXIInd  period.  The  face  especially  has  been  very  successfully  treated  and  the 
fdling  out  of  the  cheeks  and  the  artificial  eyes  of  stone  help  in  conveying  a good  idea 
of  how  this  haughty.  Bourbon-like  lady  must  have  appeared  in  the  flesh  (pi.  LXXXVII 
and  LXXXVIII). 

She  was  about  1 m.  6ao  mill,  in  height.  Only  a moderate  amount  of  packing  was 
introduced  under  the  skin  of  the  limbs,  which  on  the  whole  were  well  moulded. 

This  is  perhaps  the  best  example  of  embalming  that  has  been  preserved  from  the 
But  the  body  cavity  was  very  tightly  stuffed  with  exceptionally  fine  sawdust,  or 
rather  powdered  wood , which  still  has  a strong  pungent  aromatic  odour. 

The  embalming  wound  in  the  left  flank  extended  vertically  upward  from  the  anterior 
superior  spine  of  the  ilium.  It  is  only  o m.  093  mill,  long  and  less  than  o m.  oho  mill, 
broad.  Into  it  was  stuffed  a crumpled  sheet  of  most  exquisitely  fine  linen  with  a blue 
pattern  on  the  edge  and  a fringe.  On  the  surface  of  this  muslin  was  placed  a lump 
of  reddish  translucent  resin  (0  m.  087  mill,  x 0 m.  o33  mill,  x 0 m.  019  mill.). 
There  is  a distinct  impression  upon  the  skin  and  this  piece  of  resin  of  an  oblong 
plate  (0  m.  isa  mill,  x 0 m.  og3  mill.). 

On  the  outer  surface  of  each  shoulder,  opposite  the  head  of  the  humerus,  there  is  a 
vertical  incision  (o  m.  o3  cent,  long  on  the  left  side  and  0 m.  2 1 cent,  on  the  right). 
Each  is  neatly  stitched  up  with  a running  thread.  Through  these  openings  the  arms 
were  stuffed.  A wound  upon  the  front  of  the  left  shoulder  (pi.  LXXXV1) , presumably  the 
work  of  ancient  plunderers,  reveals  sawdust  and  a plug  of  linen  as  the  materials  used. 

Little  attempt  was  made  to  model  the  anterior  wall  of  the  chest,  and  no  packing  ma- 
terial was  introduced  into  the  large  pendulous  breasts. 

The  legs  were  packed  in  the  usual  manner  and  the  modelling  of  the  limbs  has  been 
accomplished  in  a very  successful  manner.  The  common  practice  of  making  an  inci- 
sion between  the  great  and  second  toes  for  the  purpose  of  packing  the  foot  was 
resorted  to  in  this  mummy. 

Both  the  toe-nails  and  finger-nails  have  been  neatly  trimmed  with  a crescentic  edge. 

There  are  well-marked  impressions  upon  the  fingers  and  toes  of  the  string  which  was 
tied  around  them  to  keep  the  nails  in  position  during  the  embalming  process. 

The  hands  were  placed  in  front  of  the  thighs. 

The  right  labium  majus  has  been  pushed  inward  to  hide  the  rima  pudendi. 

The  surface  of  the  mummy  seems  to  have  been  painted  with  the  mixture  of  yellow 
ochre  and  gum,  to  which  I have  referred  in  the  case  of  other  mummies  of  women 
of  this  period. 

The  skin  of  the  whole  of  the  back,  face,  neck  (pi.  LXXXVIII),  shoulders,  abdomen, 
and  thighs  presents  a series  of  roughnesses  or  maculae , but  whether  they  are  due  to 
some  pathological  condition  or  merely  the  result  of  the  process  of  embalming  it  is 
impossible  to  say. 

There  are  brown  patches  of  discoloration  upon  the  face,  possibly  due  to  the  resin  or 
the  deliquescence  of  salts  used  in  embalming.  The  rest  of  the  skin  is  of  a light 
yellow  colour,  which  is  not  wholly  due  to  the  yellow  ochre  applied  to  it. 

The  superciliary  ridges  have  been  painted  brown  in  the  usual  way. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


Ill 


Height  to  symphysis  pubis o 

Height  of  nose  above  pubes o 

Height  of  suprasternal  notch  above  pubes o 

Height  of  umbilicus  above  pubes o 

Breadth  of  shoulders ' o 

Biacromial  breadth o 

Bitrochanleric  breadth o 

Bi-iliac  breadth o 

Breadth  between  anterior  iliac  spines o 

Length  of  humerus  (estimate) o 

Length  of  radius  (estimate) o 

Length  of  hand,  from  radio-carpai  joint o 

Length  from  mid-Poupart  point  to  external  condyle  of  femur . . o 

Length  of  tibia  (estimate) o 

Length  and  breadth  of  fool o m.  a 1 3 mill.  X o 

Cranial  length o 

Cranial  breadth  cannot  be  measured  but  estimated  at. o 

Cranial  breadth,  including  hair o 

Minimal  frontal  breadth o 

Circumference  (including  hair) o 

Total  facial  height o 

Upper  facial  height o 

Nasal  height  and  breadth o m.  061  mill.  X o 

Bizygomatic  breadth o 

Bigonial  breadth o 

Interorbital  breadth o 

Bipalpebral  breadth . . ; o 

Left  orbit o m.  o48  mill.  X o 


m.  836  mill. 
635 
5oi 
160 

377 
3i  1 
28a 
389 

■a  ho 

a99 

295 

179 

43i 

346 

061 
188 
1 53 
160 
io4 
565 
129 
o85 

027  mill.  5 
i3i 

°97 
025 
1 o3 
039 


Stone  eyes  made  of  white  and  black  materials,  are  placed  under  cover  of  the  semi- 
closed  eyelids,  and  lend  a realistically  life-like  appearance  to  the  face  (pi.  LXXXVIII). 

The  nose  is  very  narrow  and  high-bridged,  and  although  the  cartilaginous  part  is  slightly 
fallen  in,  there  was  probably  a distinct  angle  at  the  junction  of  the  bony  and  carti- 
laginous supports  of  the  nose.  Both  nostrils  were  packed  with  resin. 

There  is  an  unbroken  line  of  brow  and  nose  in  profile. 

The  upper  teeth  project  slightly,  so  that  their  almost  unworn  edges  can  be  seen  pro- 
jecting through  the  resin  with  which  the  rather  full  lips  and  the  narrow  cleft  between 
them  had  been  smeared. 

The  lobules  of  both  ears  are  pierced  but  the  holes  have  not  been  widely  stretched. 

Each  ear  measures  0 m.  062  mill.  xom.  o3a  mill. 

The  hair  is  brown  (probably  bleached  somewhat  by  the  embalming  materials),  and 
wavy,  and  arranged  in  short  curls  which  hang  downward,  some  of  them  reaching 
midway  down  the  neck.  The  hair  was  not  pulled  down  over  the  ears  in  the  usual 
manner.  The  margins  of  the  hair-bearing  area  of  the  scalp  are  thickly  smeared  with 
resinous  material.  Immediately  above  the  right  ear  (pi.  LXXXVII  and  LXXXVIII)  there 
is  a mass  of  the  cheese-like  mixture  of  fat  and  soda,  to  which  I have  referred  above. 

The  packing  and  modelling  of  the  neck  has  been  unusually  successful  in  this  mummy. 


112  CATALOGUE  DU  MUS^E  DU  CAIRE. 

61097.  The  Mummy  of  Zadptahefdnkhou  (pi.  LXXXIX,  XC,  XCI,  XCII  and 
XCID). 

Some  of  the  wrappings  were  removed  from  this  mummy  by  M.  Maspero  on  June  99th, 
1886  ( Les  Momies  royales,  p.  5^9  and  573),  and  I removed  the  rest  in  September, 
1906. 

In  the  Guide  du  Visiteur  M.  Maspero  refers  to  Zadptahefonkhou  as  «pr£tre  d’Amon, 
fils  royal  de  Ramsis  d,  and  makes  the  following  comments  on  the  latter  title  : — « Le 
titre  fils  royal  de  Ramsis  appartient  A plusieurs  personnages  de  la  XXI'  et  de  la  XXII' 
dynastie ; il  ne  suppose  pas  qu’un  Ramses  aurait  rAgnA  vers  celte  Apoque.  De  m&me 
que  la  famille  des  Ramessides  se  perpAtuait  en  des  reines,  qui  transmettaient  A leurs 
enfants  des  droits  hArAditaires , elle  se  perpAtuait  en  des  princes  qui  avaient  quel- 
ques-uns  des  titres  et  des  honneurs  de  la  royautA;  un  Rams  As  de  cette  famille 
n’avait  pas  besoin  d’etre  roi  pour  que  ses  fils  eussent  le  titre  de  fils  royaux. 
Zadphtahefonkhou  se  rattachait  A la  famille  de  Pinotmou  II  par  un  lien  qui  nous 
est  encore  inconnu.  Les  bretelles  que  sa  momie  porte  sont  estampAes  au  nom  du 
grand  prAtre  d’Amon  Ouapouti,  fils  du  roi  Sheshonq  I". » 

When  M.  Maspero  removed  some  of  the  wrappings  in  1 8 86 , some  bandages  were 
left  in  position  on  the  arms,  feet  and  part  of  the  abdomen.  I removed  these  on 
September  5th,  iqo6,  and  brought  to  light  a large  series  of  amulets  and  other 
objects  (pi.  XCIII). 

On  many  of  the  fingers  and  toes  (all  the  fingers  of  the  left  hand,  except  the  index, 
Plate  XCIII;  the  middle  and  ring  fingers  of  the  right  hand;  the  fourth  and  fifth  toes 
of  the  left  foot  and  the  second  toe  on  the  right)  there  were  thin  hand-like  rings  of 
gold,  varying  from  o m.  002  mill,  to  0 m.  oo3  mill,  in  width.  Impressions  of 
rings  on  other  fingers  and  toes  were  found  on  the  skin,  as  well  as  on  the  wrappings. 
These  rings  were  used,  no  doubt  instead  of  string,  to  fix  in  position  the  thimble 
of  epidemis  which  secured  the  nails. 

On  the  left  arm,  just  below  the  elbow  there  was  fixed  a string  of  carnelian  amulets  and 
a bunch  of  other  amulets  made  of  a variety  of  stones  was  tied  alongside  it  (pi.  XCIII). 

The  carnelian  objects  represented  eyes  (2),  a uraeus,  a serpent’s  head,  a heart  (AA), 

a lotus  bud,  a barrel  and  an  object  of  this  shape  SjjS.  At  the  ends  of  the  various 

strings  in  the  bunch  were  a lapis  lazuli  bead  : a scarab  and  an  eye,  made  of 
mottled  black  and  white  stone;  two  lotus  buds,  a scarab  and  a dad,  made  of  a light 
green  stone;  a cylindrical  bead,  a ram  (dwton),  an  eye  and  a dad,  made  of  lapis 
lazuli ; a broken  object  made  of  black  stone ; and  a boomerang  with  the  figure  of 
Thoth  engraved  on  it. 

An  oblong  bronze  plate  with  the  usual  eye-design  in  raised  lines  upon  it  covers  the 
greater  part  of  the  embalming  wound  (pi.  XCIII).  It  measures  0 m.  io4  mill,  x 
0 m.  o85  mill.  Twenty  years  before,  M.  Maspero  had  found  upon  the  neck  of  this 
mummy  figures  of  two  serpents  and  a lotus  flower  wrapped  in  the  folds;  and  upon 
the  chest  a « heart-scarab  » and  a silver  figure  of  a hawk  with  expanded  wings. 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


113 


The  mummy  is  t m.  695  mill,  in  height. 


The  height  of  the  symphysis  pubis  is. o m.  870  mill. 

The  height  of  the  nose  above  the  pubes 0 690 

The  height  of  the  suprasternal  notch  above  the  pubes o 5aa 

The  height  of  the  umbilicus  above  the  pubes o 1 55 


The  embalming  wound  is  vertical  and  ovoid  (0  m.  ia5  mill,  x 0 m.  090  mill.)  : its 
lower  extremity  (pi.  XCIII)  is  0 m.  028  mill,  above  the  level  of  the  anterior  supe- 
rior spine  of  the  left  ilium  (seen  as  a pale  egg-shaped  area  in  pi.  XCIII). 

The  body  cavity  was  packed  with  lichen  ( Parmelia  furfuracea,  Ah). 

Occupying  the  left  iliac  fossa  and  hypogastrium  there  was  a large  parcel  wrapped  in 
a linen  bandage.  When  the  bandages  were  unrolled  the  parcel  was  found  to  consist 
of  intestines  along  with  a figure  of  the  Ape-headed  Hapi.  Although  this  association 
agrees  with  that  quoted  in  most  works  on  Egyptian  Archaeology  (based  upon 
Pettigrew’s  examination  of  one  mummy  of  the  XXl‘l  Dynasty)  my  observations  upon 
the  large  series  of  mummies  of  priests  of  Amon  from  Deir  el-Bahari  (Mcknoires  de 
flnstitut  4gyptien , 1905)  showed  that  Hapi  was  usually  associated  with  the 
stomach,  and  that  the  intestines  were  usually  guarded  by  the  Hawk-headed  son  of 
Horus.  [On  this  subject  see  the  discussion  on  « Heart  and  Reins » in  the  Journal  of 
the  Manchester  Oriental  Society',  vol.  1,1911]. 

The  liver,  wrapped  in  a linen  bandage  but  without  any  funerary  genius,  was  found  in 
the  epigastric  region.  Another  parcel  was  found  in  the  umbilical  region  and  upon 
removing  the -linen  bandage  contained  two  organs  which  seem  to  be  the  kidneys, 
but  no  funerary  genius. 

It  was  impossible  to  explore  the  body  cavity  any  further  from  the  incision  in  the  left 
flank. 

The  mouth  is  packed  with  sawdust.  The  neck  has  been  carefully  stuffed,  but  is  not 
quite  symmetrical  (pi.  XCII).  Only  a small  area  of  the  back,  in  the  neighbourhood 
of  the  emoalming  wound , has  been  stuffed  : there  is  no  packing  in  the  buttocks  and 
the  skin  is  pushed  inwards  and  downwards  (towards  the  perineum)  — plate  XC. 

Only  a small  part  of  the  legs  and  very  little  of  the  arms  have  been  stuffed.  A vertical 
incision  (visible,  though  out  of  focus,  in  plate  XGI),  0 m.  o3  cent,  long  on  the 
antero-lateral  aspect  of  each  shoulder  (o  m.  o3  cent,  below  the  acromion  process) 
in  now  sewn  up  with  a running  stitch.  Through  it  a small  quantity  of  linen  bandage 
was  packed  under  the  skin  in  front  of  the  shoulder  and  arm , but  none  was  pushed 
in  front  of  the  thorax  or  into  the  axilla.  * 

The  usual  incision  for  packing  the  foot  was  found  between  the  great  and  second  toes. 
The  finger  nails  were  long  (0  m.  00 3 mill,  of  dirt-margin)  and  untended. 
Zadptahefonkhou  seems  to  have  been  a fairly  young  man,  for  the  four  front  teeth 
that  are  exposed  are  only  slightly  worn.  They  are  clean  and  healthy.  Moreover  there 
is  no  trace  of  grey  or  any  thinning  in  the  hair  of  the  head. 

The  face  is  broad  and  heavy-jawed,  with  a very  prominent,  high-bridged  nose  the 
cartilaginous  part  now  flattened  by  embalmer’s  bandages),  prominent  superciliary 


CataL  du  Mutee,  n°  6io5t. 


i5 


114 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSEE  DU  CAIRE. 


ridges  and  sloping  forehead.  The  usual  crescentic  area  of  dark  brown  paste  is  found 
on  the  brow-ridges. 

The  usual  kind  of  artificial  stone  eyes  have  been  inserted  under  the  half  closed  lids. 
They  consist  of  pieces  of  white  stone,  into  the  front  of  each  of  which  a circular 
patch  of  black  stone  was  inserted  to  represent  pupil  and  iris. 

The  hair  of  the  head  was  left  long  and  was  thickly  plastered  with  resin.  It  is  of  a 
reddish  brown  colour  (possibly  due  to  partial  bleaching  and  staining  with  embalming 
materials).  Much  of  it  is  curled  into  pendant  wisps,  each  about  o m.  oi5  mill,  in 
diameter,  which  are  so  disposed  that  they  cover  the  ears  and  part  of  the  masseteric 
region;  while  a few  stray  curls  hang  down  behind  (pi.  XCI). 

The  moustache  and  beard  had  not  been  shaven  for  some  days  before  death,  and  this 
fact  and  the  presence  of  much  white  powder  (pi.  XCII)  and  resin  gives  the  face  a 
very  dirty  and  unkempt  appearance.  The  moustache  and  beard  (o  m.  oo5  mill, 
long)  are  of  the  same  colour  as  the  scalp  hair. 

The  lobules  of  the  ears  seem  to  have  been  pierced , but  they  are  thickly  smeared  with 
resinous  material  and  hidden  in  great  part  by  the  hair. 

The  cranial  cavity  is  partly  occupied  by  powdered  resin , which  was  introduced  through 
the  right  nasal  fossa. 

The  cranial  length  is  about  o m.  192  mill,  but  it  is  impossible  to  measure  the  breadth 
by  reason  of  the  matted,  resin-impregnated  hair  : with  the  hair  it  measures 
0 m.  i5o  , but  in  reality  it  is  probably  not  much  more  than  0 m.  1B0  mill.;  for 
the  cranium  is  of  along,  narrow  ovoid  form. 


Total  facial  height 

Upper  facial  height . . . . 

Bizygomatic  breadth  . , . 
Minimal  frontal  breadth . 
Bigonial  breadth  ...... 

Interorbital  breadth .... 

External  orbital  breadth . 

Right  orbit 

Nasal  height  and  breadth 


0 m.  120  mill. 

o 075 

0 1 Bo 

o 100 

o 108 

0 022 

o 096 

o m.  o43  mill.  X o o33 

o m.  o55  mill.  X o o33 


Left  orbit,  each  diameter  a fraction  of  a millimetre  less. 

As  in  the  mummies  of  the  queens  described  above  (M&keri,  Honttaoui  and  Taiouhrit) 
one  of  the  innermost  wrappings  of  this  mummy  was  a red-coloured  shroud. 


61098.  The  mummy  of  an  unknown  man  «E»  (pi.  XCIV  and  XGV). 

This  body  was  unwrapped  by  Dr  Fouquet  on  June  30th,  1886  (Les  Monties  royales, 

p.  5A8-55i). 

M.  Maspero  makes  the  following  statements  in  reference  to  this  mummy.  After  describ- 
ing the  dreadful  appearance  of  Saqnounri’s  mummy  the  account  proceeds  (Bulletin  de 
Tlnstitut  4gyptien,  1886,  p.  267  and  268) : «Une autre  momie  du  m£me  groupe  est 
plus  effrayante  encore.  Elle  4tait  enferm4e  dans  une  caisse  blanche , sans  inscription , 


THE  ROYAL  MUMMIES. 


115 


et  n’avait  rien  sur  elle  qui  permit  de  constater  son  identity.  Une  peau  de  mou- 
ton  i’enveloppait , puis  un  4pais  lacis  de  bandelettes,  puis  une  couche  de  natron 
blanch&tre,  charg4  de  graisse  humaine,  onctueux  au  toucher,  fetide,  14g&rement 
caustique;  un  second  maillot,  un  second  lit  de  natron  et  le  cadavre.  II  n’avait  pas  et£ 
ouvert,  et  les  visceres  qu’on  avait  coutume  d’extraire  de  la  poitrine  et  du  ventre  sont 
encore  en  leur  place.  Les  matures  preservatrices  n’avaient  pas  4t4  inject^es,  on  les 
avait  r^pandues  autour  du  corps  avec  une  habilet4  qui  trahit  une  longue  experience  de 
ce  genre  de  travail.  On  avait  voulu  eviter  les  longueurs  ordinaires,  les  soixante-dix 
jours  de  1’embaumement  r^glementaire , et  1’aspect  du  personnage  suffit  a montrer 
pourquoi  on  avait  eu  recours  a ce  precede  exptSdilif.  11  avait  ete  empoisonne  : la 
contraction  du  ventre  et  de  l’eslomac,  le  mouvement  desespere  par  lequel  la  l$te  se 
rejette  en  arri&re,  1’expression  d’angoisse  et  de  douleur  alroce  qui  est  repandue  sur 
la  face,  sont  autant  d’indices  certains.  Les  bras  et  les  jambes  avaient  ete  tordus  par 
la  souffrance  : on  les  ramena,  on  les  maintint  par  de  fortes  ligatures,  et  on  sen 
remit  aux  embaumeurs  du  soin  de  faire  disparallre  toute  trace  du  crime.  S’agit-il 
d’une  simple  intrigue  de  harem?  L’homme  avait  vingt-trois  ou  vingt-quatre  ans  et  sa 
jeunesse  autorise  pareille  supposition.  Est-ce  plut6t  un  pretendant  au  tr6ne  qu’on 
aura  supprime  discr&tement  ? Le  fils  aine  d’Amenhotpou  Iw  mourut  avant  d’avoir 
regne;  peut-4tre  est-ce  lui  que  nous  avons  retroiive  dans  le  cercueil  sans  nom.  Nous 
savons  que  les  conjurations  etaient  frequentes  en  Egypte  ; Ramses  III  fit  juger  et 
executer  un  certain  Penloirit,  qui  semble  avoir  ete  un  de  ses  freres,  et  qui  avait 
complote  de  le  d^troner.  La  forme  du  cercueil  et  la  main-d’oeuvre  de  1’emmaillote- 
ment  m’empechent  de  reconnaitre  dans  notre  personnage  un  prince  de  la  XX6  dynastie. 
C’est  a la  XVIII”  qu’il  appartenait  et  les  monuments  nous  r^veleront  peut-etre  un 
jour  le  secret  de  sa  vie.  On  ne  1’ignorait  pas  sans  doute  a Th&bes,  pr&s  de  mille  ans 
apres  l’4v<5nement,  sous  le  r&gne  des  grands  pretres  d’Amon.  Les  inspecteurs  de  la 
micropole  continuaient  a lui  rendre  les  honneurs  princiers  et  a se  taire  sur  son 
nom  et  sur  la  cause  de  sa  mort  : aucun  d’eux  n’a  os4  tracer  sur  le  cercueil  ou  sur 
le  maillot  le  moindre  de  ces  proces-verbaux  qu’il  ecrivait  si  volontiers  sur  les  autres 
morts.  n 

The  body  is  that  of  an  apparently  young  man,  1 m.  709  mill,  in  height.  The  arms  are 
extended  and  the  hands  are  placed  near  together,  but  without  touching,  in  front  of 
the  pubes.  No  attempt  was  made,  however,  to  compose  the  features  or  to  put  the 
head  into  the  position  usual  in  mummies. 

The  head  is  thrown  back  and  set  somewhat  obliquely  on  the  neck  and  the  mouth  is 
widely  open. 

The  hair  is  plaited  : the  ears  are  pierced  : the  teeth  are  worn  only  very  slightly. 

There  is  no  sign  of  any  beard  or  moustache  and  the  genitalia  are  absent. 

There  is  cheese-like  material  amongst  the  hair  (pi.  XCV).  The  skin  of  the  face  is  thrown 
into  ridges  like  that  of  Anhapou’s  (vide  supra). 

There  is  no  embalming  incision. 

This  body  has  been  treated  in  a manner  that  differs  from  all  other  known  mummies  of 
the  time  of  the  New  Empire,  to  which  presumably  it  belongs. 

i5. 


116 


CATALOGUE  DU  MUSEE  DU  CAIRE. 


For  this  reason  it  is  not  possible  to  assign  a date  to  it,  although  it  is  probable  that  it 
is  early  XVIII111  i.  e.  anterior  to  the  time  of  Thoutmosis  II. 

There  does  not  seem  to  me  to  be  any  evidence  to  support  the  hypothesis  put  forward 
by  Dr  Fouquet  (vide  supra)  that  this  man  was  poisoned.  A corpse  that  was  dead  of 
any  complaint  might  fall  into  just  such  an  attitude  as  this  body  has  assumed. 

Without  any  clue  whatsoever  to  indicate  the  period  in  which  this  individual  lived  or  to 
suggest  his  identity  it  is  idle  to  speculate  on  the  history  of  his  death. 

61099  and  61100.  Two  mummies  from  the  tomb  of  Thoutmosis  III  (pi.  XGVI). 

In  the  Guide  du  Visiteur  M.  Maspero  summarizes  the  history  of  the  finding  of  these  two 
mummies.  «En  1898,  M.  Loret,  s’in spirant  des  rapports  de  quelques  Arahes,  reprit 
la  piste,  mais  dans  le  Bab-el-Molouk  lui-m4me.  Les  fouilles,  menses  avec  une  t<$nacit4 
remarquable,  furent  couronn^es  de  succ&s  et  aboutirent,  le  1 3 f^vrier  1898,  ala 
d^couverte  de  Ihvpog^e  de  Thoutmosis  III,  viol6  d&s  la  XX'  dynastie  et  dont  la 
momie  avait  et4  cach4e  dans  le  trou  de  D(5ir-el-Bahari  par  les  grands-pr£tres  d’Amon 
th^bain.  M.  Loret  y r^colta  divers  objets  curieux,  entre  autres  des  panlb^res  et  des 
statuettes  en  bois  bitumin^,  et  deux  momies  de  femme,  n 

M.  Loret  inclined  to  the  view  that  these  mummies  were  the  remains  of  some  members 
of  the  family  of  Thoutmosis  III ; but  M.  Maspero  was  not  convinced  that  there  were 
any  real  reasons  for  this  belief,  and  in  September,  1905,  he  instructed  me  to 
remove  the  wrappings  from  one  of  the  mummies  (n°  61100),  leaving  the  other 
(n°  61099)  intact- 

Plate  XGVI,  fig.  1,  represents  the  appearance  of  n°  61100  in  its  coffin  before  it  was 
unwrapped;  and  fig.  2 represents  (on  a somewhat  larger  scale)  the  back  of  the 
mummy  to  show  the  way  in  which  the  shroud  and  the  various  circular  and  longitu- 
dinal bandages  were  fixed  at  the  back. 

I removed  the  bandages  from  this  mummy  on  September  10th,  1905,  in  the  Cairo 
Museum.  There  was  no  sign  of  any  writing  to  indicate  the  identity  of  the  person 
whose  mummy  we  were  investigating;  but  the  body  (or,  rather,  skeleton)  was  that 
of  a woman,  1 m.  54a  mill,  in  height,  which  was  embalmed  and  wrapped  several 
centuries  at  least  after  the  known  royal  mummies,  as  the  manner  of  wrapping  and 
the  treatment  of  the  body  show. 

The  flesh  and  the  innermost  wrappings  were  entirely  corroded  by  the  preservative 
materials  employed  in  embalming  the  body,  so  that  the  hones  of  the  skeleton  were 
found  lying  amidst  a large  quantity  of  black  powder.  But  I had  to  remove  42 
1 bandages  or  sheets  of  linen  before  reaching  the  charred  wrappings. 

The  mode  of  wrapping  the  body  was  obviously  inspired  by  that  in  vogue  in  the  XXI“ 
and  XXIInd  Dynasties , of  which  it  represents  a degenerate  form. 

The  mummy  belongs  to  the  late  dynastic  or. early  Ptolemaic  period  and  was  certainly 
intrusive  in  the  tomb  of  Thoutmosis  III. 


TABLE  OF  CONTENTS 


i 


Page*. 

Preface i-yiii 

The  Royal  Mummies  : 

N®  6io5i , Mummy  of  the  king  Saqnounri  III  Tiouaqen  of  the  XVIIth  Dynasty 1 

N°  6io5a,  Mummy  of  an  unknown  woman,  perhaps  the  princess  Meritamon 6 

N®  6io53,  The  Mummy  of  Anhapou. 8 

N®  6io54,  The  Mummy  of  the  Lady  Raf 1 1 

N#  6io55,  The  Mummy  supposed  to  be  that  of  Nofritari i3 

N®  6io56,  The  Mummy  of  an  unknown  Woman  wBn iA 

N®  61057,  The  Mummy  of  King  Ahm6sis  I i5 

N°  6 1 o58 , The  Mummy  of  Amen6thes  I 18 

N®  61059,  The  Mummy  of  the  Prince  Siamon 18 

N°  61060,  The  Mummy  of  the  Princess  Sitamon 19 

N°  61061,  The  Mummy  of  Honttimihou 19 

N°  61062 , The  Mummy  of  Hent-m-pet 20 

N®  6io63,  The  Mummy  of  Sitkamos 21 

N°  6io64,  The  Mummy  of  the  Royal  Prince  Sipaari ' . . . 22 

N®  6io65,  The  Mummy  supposed  to  be  that  of  Thoutmdsis  I 2 5 

N°  61066,  The  Mummy  of  Thoutmfisis  II 28 

N*  61067,  The  Mummy  of  an  unknown  man  « C»,  found  in  the  coffin  of  the  Scribe  Nibsoni. . 3i 

N°  61068,  The  Mummy  of  ThoutmAsis  III 3a 

N®  61069,  The  Mummy  of  Amen6thes  II 36 

N®  61070,  The  Elder  Woman  in  the  Tomb  of  Amen6thes  II 38 

N®  61071,  The  Mummy  of  the  Boy  in  the  Tomb  of  Amen6thes  II,  probably  the  Royal  Prince 

Ouabkhousenou 39 

N®  61072 , The  Mummy  of  the  younger  woman  in  the  tomb  of  Amen&thes  II 4o 

N®  61073,  The  Mummy  of  ThoutmSsis  IV h 2 

N®  6107/i,  The  Mummy  of  Amen6thes  III 46 

N®  61075,  The  bones  of  a skeleton  supposed  to  be  that  of  AmenAthes  IV  (Khouniatonou). ...  5i 

N®  61076,  The  Mummy  found  in  Baql's  Coffin 56 

N°  61077,  The  Mummy  of  Seti  I 57 

N®  61078,  The  Mummy  of  Ramses  II 59 

N®  61079,  The  Mummy  of  Menephtah 65 

N®  61080,  The  Mummy  of  Siphtah 70 

N®  61081,  The  Mummy  of  Seti  II 73 

N®  61082 , Mummy  of  an  unknown  woman  «D»  found  in  the  coffin-lid  of  Setnakhiti 81 

N®  6io83,  The  Mummy  of  Ramses  III. 84 

N®  6io84,  The  Mummy  of  Ramses  IV 87 

N“  6 1 o85 , The  Mummy  of  Ramses  V 90 

N®  61086,  The  Mummy  of  Ramses  VI 92 

Catal.  du  Mtite'e , n°  Gioai.  l5* 


118  CATALOGUE  DU  MUSgE  DU  CAIRE. 

Pages. 

N°  61087,  The  Mummy  of  Queen  Notmit 


N° 61089)  J r 3 

N°  6 1 090 , The  Mummy  of  Queen  Honittaoui 101 

N°  61091,  The  Mummy  of  Taiouhrit .~ io5 

N°  61092,  The  High-Priest  and  General-in-chief  Masahirti 106 

N°  61093,  The  Mummy  of  Queen  Isimkhabiou 106 

N°  61094,  The  Mummy  of  the  High-Priest  of  Amon  Pinotmou  II 107 

N”  61095,  The  Mummy  of  Queen  Nsikhonsou 107 

N°  61096,  The  Mummy  of  Nsitanebashrou 109 

N°  61097,  The  Mummy  of  Zadptahefdnkhou 112 

N®  61098,  The  Mummy  of  an  unknown  man  «Ed . 1 14 

N 61099,1  Mummies  from  the  tomb  of  Thoutm6sis  HI 116 

N°  61100, j 


CORRIGENDA. 


Page  5.  For  «coronoirdn  read  « coronoidw. 
Pages  11  and  1 4.  For  r Fig.  n read  « Diagram  n. 
Page  17.  For  «succesionn  read  « succession v. 


m 

Queen  Annapou 


An  unknown  woman  " A 
perhaps  Merltamon 


Catalogue  du  Mus&k  ov  Caire. 


— Royal  Mummies. 


Queen  Nofritari. 


r*- 

M 

■t , 

Pm 

Catalogue  r>u  Musee  nu  Caire,  — Royal  Mihuifs, 


Honttimlhou 


fho  llrivnreity  nf  Chinsrn  I \rsrlfl*, 


- V . . jj 

,v  - in 

Catalogue  du  Mus£e  du  Cure.  — Roy.il  Mummies. 


Plaie  XVIII 


Queen  SitkamoB 


The  llrlvertily  nf  Cfcleitffn  I lnrariftTL 


rWMi|«  IVi  llaal»4 


Catalogue  du  Mu$6e  du  Caire.  — Royal  Mummies. 


Plate  XX 


Mummy  supposed  to  be  Thoutmosis  1 


IK*  Uolvnr«Mv  ^ GhWfcO  l >ranft** 


p If 

MX 

Plate  XXXI 


ATAt.oGUE  du  Mfste  Du  Came.  Roy.ii.  Mummies. 


"•*  'WvArtlty  of  l.hlr*m  I , vine*, 


/- 


Plate  XXXII 


AI.OGCK  DU  MuSEE  Dll  Ca!RE.  — RoYAL  MVUUIKS, 


Amenothes  III 


The  Inscription  on  tho  shroud 


If 

% » 

.V 

ri 

&A  k 

Jjjraj 

* 

Amcnothcs  III. 


I ho  Ur.lvfir«itv  rl  l.h'caan 


Catalogue  nu  Musef  du  Cairf..  — Roy.u  Mv\i 


Cataloc.cjt  Dtr  B m:  Caire.  kny.tr  Momma. 


Kig.  t 

Mouephtah. 


Catalogue  du  Mus£k  ou  Caike.  Royai.  SIvumiey 


\tw>  llrilmftitv  f Chicago  I.  varifl?. 


, >!>  ' 


Catalogue  du  Mus&e  du  Caihe. 


Roy.il  Mummies. 


Piute  U 


Ramsesi  III 


IkrnkM 


IJr.iw*4fxjlv  f i.htraert  I • iririft*. 


Catalogue  du  Mus4e  du  Cairk.  — Roy.il  Mummies 


Ih*  I l.Wrae.i  1 mriM. 


Ror.li.  Mummies 


Catalogue  du  Mus6e  du  Caikl 


The  University  of  Chicago  L ifaries, 


Catalogue  du  Musis  nu  Caike  — Royal  Mummies 


=1 

'/  f 

J 

£ j 

if  ' 

< 1 

Whir.ien  Li  ir^rio^, 


r- 

i 

Catalogue  du  Mus6e  du  Caihe.  Roy.il  Mummies, 


Plate  LX  I 


A**- 


Fig-  I 


Fig.  2 


Siphtah.  Writing  on  shroud. 


Siphtah. 


Ikrtkffel 


Catalogue  du  Mus£e  du  Cairf. 


Catalogue  nu  Muste  dc  Caike.  — Royal  Mummies. 


I 

g flea 

* 

\ 

*.  •’ 

' -jy1  ’ 

L 

W - 

1 

| 4 

^r-wSjw-^ 

& 

m A*  #5" 

<y  & t i>'  & + *&■ 

fS^i 

5 P* 

i W~-'1  v ' JR 

A \\a.  * 

A V 

i "] 

1 1 

Im'1 

-■  * d 

yjs 

W ft 

Plate  LXXX] 


Plate  I.XXXII 


Catalogue  du  Mus£e  du  Caire.  Roy.ii.  Mummies. 


Plate  LXXXIX 


Zadptahct6nkhou 


EVrkiU 

Ihr  Hi  lvRf*itv  . ; l.hiracrt  l far 


vkJmBf 

mmf^  Aj 

?i»  ii 

lJR  11 

■.v 

Hr 

ffvir  13 

ft  V-'/  itfyfc;  I 

*5u  1 

r 

K 

Plate  XCIV 


n ••  E \ 


mil 

//  1 1 

Mi 

iff  a I / 

t ^ Pi  1.  - 

« r m u 

JLSf 

yy 

M 

1 1 

Ws 'dr* 

4fcty  MBM 

-S  - WBm 

IH 

■jm 

j 

i 

1 

V 

l 

1/ 

Catalogue  du  MusAe  du  Caire.  — Royal  Mummies. 


Plate  XC1X 


Hv»  UnlvftfRitv  i*i  T^teaeo  Li  atari** 


Catalogue  rw  Mus£k  du  Caihe.  — Royal  Mummies. 


Continuation  of  Plate  C. 


Plate  Cl 


